###PAGE###1###
¦%r
-
No. 39. 19m Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, MARCH 13,
1902.
H.OO a Year in Advance.
BANK OF OTTAWA
to get in their work it muet eventually disappear. Hence it become* not only the right but the duty of everyone who is averse to wanton destruction of any description, to give the game wardens all the assistance they can m bringing to justice those who persist in this species of lawlessness year after year. Run the - $6,000,000. scoundrels to earthg^gÉgÉgggg
FIRST-CLASS
1
Important Announcement I
fonujne Bargain Sale.
FARM FENCING
llusd Office} .
i'bj UbI I-Bid up
OTTAWA, CANADA.
......... 12.000,000
......... 1.705,000
OF CANADA.
ONLY
Rest
Board of Directors:
Charles Magee, Esq., President.
Gkoro* Hay, esq.,Vice-President.
Bcr.Oio. Bnvso*, J*. John Matbrr, B«q.. Axki. Fkasmi, Esq , Datid MacLa*»*, K»q.,
Dknms Mrseuv, Esq
30 Cents per ROD.
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Head Office, » Montreal.
for sale by
THE ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., limited,
PICTON, ONT.
Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays —Clearing sale days at Earl’s.
ABOROBBURN D. M. FINN1K
General Manager .. .. Manager
Two row tuniip scedcis at
Wanted -A smart, intelligent boy to learn the printing business.
Apply at Tijk Equity Office.
Smart & Smith's
Branches !
IN ONTARIO
Kecwatln. lv front v; lie, Mattawii, Ottawa,
IS* Special «ale of Diamond and Turkish Dyes at Earl's this week. All going at 7 cents a package.
SIIAWVILLE BRANCH,
Dry Goods Clothing-Boots & Shoes Crockery and Glassware.
Alexandria, Arnprlor, Avon in ore, Brace bridge,
Carlettm
Cobdrn Hawkesbury,
Lanark,
Tattx Bound, Pembroke, Rat Portage Winchester, Renfrew Toronto,
Money loaned on approved leeurlty at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all part# of the world.
*
tTLte, important notice.
do
ping
last.
do Batik 8t. do Rideau St do Somerset St. Winchester Vankleek Hill, Smith's Falls
IN MANITOBA :
PI* t
All overdue accounts and notes due me Mr. W. W. Ireland has been an-positively l>e paid up at once. No
pointed Secretary of the Shaw ville fut '°r timc Wl11 glvcnj „ cxi\w
Council in succession to Mr. J. R. Her I—____________________L '
ner, resigned.
The Leslie Council passed the com pulsory vaccina’ ion by-law on Monday of last week. One case of smallpox was reported in Leslie last week.
A purse containing house key, advertised as lost in these columns a couple of weeks ago was handed into this office on Thursday by Mr. Samuel Woods, of Bristol.
1
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office Hours .
Saturdays . .
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
9
’ Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC ;
,	Hall,
(¦¦¦¦]• Bhawinigai Falla
Agent a in Canada, New York and Chicago -Hank of Montreal.
Agent a in tit. Paul-Merchant* Net Bank.
Agents in London, Eng.—ferra Bank Ltd.
SHINGLES FOR SALE.
Let huts.
Montreal
10 A M TO 3 F.M
SMART & SMITH.
10 A M TO 1 F.M.
F. A. PARKER,
Manager
PRESSED HAY For sale cheap.
R. W. HODGINS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Having decided to sell out the above lines
———nttsTl	|JtÜill,l3»Sas|hr Sale 0r E*dwge.ptirë^Lk Toon sSumT
A«aye m | gl|»? S	srssr» '=5##^ I ."pZCZZaZ Z™
H. lMiBON. Photographer. | of the tract as having been in A 1 condi- __	_ _ .	,	,	J
tion, but their opinion of the “races" _____ _ BaAllllr, i that *0V6ry thing in th6 lines mentioned is 8» Bar-
would not look well in print.	| DEER j^ND IH|008E. |gain
LOCAL NEWS.
See the new Massey-Harris land roller —the latest and beeV-rune on roller bearings.
Seed Oath for Sale.—A quantity of .	, “Tiiglo" and another variety of Seed
*5EK4£ffi5l“,fc'~ "u- %,,,
now going on.
Smart ft Smith
Colonist special trains to the Canadian
North west for settlers and their effects will I All well disposed persons are expected,
3% pi
Massey-Harris Mower. This machine has | % cent# per pair and upwards.	16th ; Shawville, 17th and 18th ; Bry- or molested and by whom and if by more	:- --- -	¦	.... n
~	%% &	is a rare chance for custom-
ments or pl»t«s will kindly come early. | be p,ldfor;our trouble. All correspon
denoe tried, prir.* andconfld.nri.r.	gpg fo SUPplV thOlT WHIltS fOT
N. McCUAIG.	_	.	7 “T.	_	_ _
p°rv. I Spnng and they should not miss
tried ^conclusions ^wTth^^e^ Shaw ville I list, and demonstrated that the performers I Ven. Archdeacon Naylor was in Mont-hockey team on the 3rd inst., on returning named constituted a strong combination, real last week attending the meeting of
¦flBiBSsss-*-----
v .	..	, IfiU_ commencement of each part of the pro Negligence exists somewhere, and we arc
£B HSi sniS iMMsataracsas «sas *£ ¦%?
Ontario Good Roads Association, which The program was as follows :	decided to ask the department to inves
takes place in the Normal School hall,	„ART ,	tigate the matter.
Ottawa, on Thursday and Friday of this •	,ART L
The program is an exhaustive one, bracing a variety of subjects relating to road improvements on which paper» will be read, and discussions follow, which will no doubt be of very great interest to those who attend. These papers will in-elude reports on the results of statute labor abolition in several municipalities in the District, also information on the construction of stone roads, concrete culverts, arches, bridges, etc., and what is being done throughout the country in re-
gUE thlfttoi -•
St. Patrick's Day At Vinton.—The congregation of the Parish of Vinyn will have a grand celebration on Monday the 17th Inst, to which all are cordially invited, even Pat, the Frenchman and George.
At 10 a. m. High mass with a select choir. In the evening gentlemen of the parish OConnor, ” -
it.
# e
e e
% #
» %
• %
J. H. SHAW.
P. S—New Hats just in.
Woman does not enjoy a funny story unless there is • man in it.
A man is always on time when he has an appointment with a pretty girl.
When a man starts for a dentist’s office lie usually strikes a tooth-hurty gait.

sTr^-or, Grave—Mr. W.	CÏE/E
Thick.	_ .	outside dealers when you have a local man
Solo The Quakers daughter—Miss who purposes dealing honestly with you.
Wilson.	H. Imison, Photographer.
Comic song—As Jong as it pleases The Ladies- Mr. Armstrong Address—Dr. Lyon.
Violin Selection—Miss Rogers.
Recitation—Biuginon the Rhine—W. H Thick.	j
Solo—The Swallows—Mies Wilson.
Comic Song—My Rainbow Brides Mr Armstrong.
Violin Selection—Miss Rogers.
Duet—Oh that we two were Maying— Killoran went to Onslow Tuesday re-Mr. Thick, Miss Wilson.	turning on Wednesday.
Miss Hannah Killoran, of Annesley.
Instrumenta!—Messrs. Lawton, Whit-1 visiting friends here.
man, Whyte.	Quite a lot of teams and men coming
Tenor Solo—Mary—Mr W. 11. Thick. down from the shanties the past week,
Song—A Dream of Paradise—Miss an(| Coulongingis hanging on.
VÙLtroïr HamP8bire H°me" w£'.E' weffo cLSooWvdZS:
Violin Selection- Miss Rogers.	t eturning Thursday.
Duet—Life's Dream is O’er—Mr. Thick Mr Norman McCuaig, of
Miss Wilson.	. hero Thursday, leaving for
Comic Song-Paddy. Ut-Mr. Arm I an(, Cawoo(1	evening.
VioHn’&lection-Miss Roger».	Dr (iaboury wae here on Thursday	I
Comic Song—Vilkins and Dina-W. 11. from Coulonge shanties, and reports As I have not seen many Thick.	that there in no smallpox up where here for sopie time I send you a tew items
They gave me a Medal for That- Mr. he was now.	this week.
Thi Concert.—Notwithstanding that Armstrong. Encore-1 want to be a Dr. S. J McNally of the Bay, was at Times are very dull around here now.
iHEHSi	aaegc:
present wae far from discouraging, while The notice of Provincial Game Inspcc- shanties, was brought down for inter- Thursday, returning Monday.
the event iteelf was of highly entertaining McCuaig, which appears on this page, ment Saturday.	1 wonder if R. came m contact with
" . iSHsisas J
city were Mr. W. H Thick, who has a re f0DC4J becomes denuded of March 10.—The l.O.G.T. is again | woe potation in local < »rcl«s îlfc^ÏÏSg ftw£°nr timber, unless where fit 1er colonization booming and talk of some new members
ffiiStèas	kEE->3rrr sgHSRs
Mr. Alva Armstrong, who seldom fails to of policy which has been followed of ahantying will soon be over for the sea- the woods
Flew hie audience. Speaking genenUW ^	froe which cou.ider.ble sot	A few of our young folk, .pent areiy
sSSSl- gsC™,-.
<tegBBgga&3SS -ÆJSSSfFC SjWCffaa
sïSSr.-Scr?? I	“¦aras*. ...	g ? K	—
greater favor iHth herhesrera. The duets I	now far ewiryons to got a reason- of the go d roads sad made a trip to the CoofsettSB SB Radford
YÏTi K ¦ w.. «1 •1»“SV	*»r*.-«-*»•	“”,,w
cm
PERSONAL


f
Miss Cerbett, professional nurse, left for home on Saturday morning.
Miss Melrose, of Montreal, has been visiting her sister, Mrs. Dr. Alexanker.
Mr. M. P. Ringrose, of the Advocate, Pembroke, Ont., was in tow a on Tuesday of this week.
Miss Mayhew, of Bristol Corners, is the guest of the Misses Lang.
Miss Nina Spline, of Renfrew, is visiting her sister, Mrs. R. J. Black.
Miss Lawton, of Renfrew, has been visiting her brother, Mr Robt. Lawton.
Mrs. Mitchell, of Pembroke, is visiting her soo, Mr. R. Mitchell, ef this village.
LESLIE & OTTER LAKE
Messrs R. J. and Allan Farrell went to Renfrew Tuesday.
Mr Joseph Gilpin went to Onslow Tuesday, returning Monday via Bryson. Messrs Jos. Roy, Sr., and B. G
V

*

r.
Vj



PART II
1
y
F»
L the ladies and will play •* Eily
stsè " «r, ï7 «s», ras
entitled “ Hr. Finnigan and Mrs. Flanni-

gMr. H. G. McDowell and Mias Laviina Whyte oT Ottawa will entertain the public with comic songs, humorous recitations, and a variety of musical instruments.
Three hours of good amusement. Dooi opens at 7 p. m. Performance at /.30 p. m. Admittance 88 cents.-Reserved seats 36
cents.
Offering
Iiryson, was Tttysmith
NORTH CLARENDON
Just now we are making a special offering in Box Papeff.
Some
tes from
ii*
i
flew Tints and
flew Shapes
As
was
That are popular for many reasons, principally because of the nice finish of the paper which makes it a pleasure to write.
25 ceqtt buys a Box.
The DRUG STORE, s
8HAWV1LLH
F
Our Postmaster is laid up at present



*





###PAGE###2###




others, one committed suicide, and | VALUE OF BEING WELF, FED, another went mad.
hunting	HI
A salary of from three to live hundred pounds a year seems a lot I At the present moment a «c-M onto give u man whose sole duty it is , ergotic campaign is being *&rri«4 on to protect workers against their against the progress of alcoholism own culpable carelessness. Yet it is and tuberculosis—a campaign only frequently paid to the uillcinl who is too well justified, both tuberculosis responsible for the efficiency of the end alcoholism have become veritable safety-lamps in some of tho big col- scourges. Against tuberculosis a licries of tho North of England. Hie number of measures, preventative as duties are physically arduous, as! well as curative, have been adopted, well as morally unpleasant, and but it is to bo feared that only in-there can bo no doubt that ho well significant results will be obtained earns his money.	wo long as only tho healing of the
in tho modern safety-lamp the sick is kept in sight, withsut attacking bolt is magnetized, and hold tacking tho causes which bring on the in place by a force which can only malady. Among those causes tho't 1*) overcome by the application of u ia one which occupies tho foremost battery of heavy and powerful steel rank, which determines nine-tenths magnets. These are kept in tho of the cases among tho poorer dosa-lamp cabin at tho pit bottom, where es, and which has not been brought tho lumps are cleaned, and served | sufficiently Into prominence. I refer out lighted to tho minors at tho to the increase in taxation, commencement of tho shift, and aroi If the death rate from tuberculosis collected before they return to the in Franco is compared with that of surface. In a big colliery there may j England, there is one fact which bo seven or eight thousand of them., leaves a vivid impression, namely, and the official in question Is re- that England, with a moist, foggy sponsible that each and every one and cold climate, only loses 50,000 is in perfect order. And not that | of her population from tuberculosis, alone, but it is part of his businew whereas France, with a much more to sco that, so far as possible, none healthy climate, counts every year of tho thousand and one dodges 150,000 deaths from tuberculosis known to colliers for surreptitiously among an equal population, obtaining a light are adopted in a Whence arises this difference? Ac-colliery under hi» charge, and to cording to a paper read to the So carry out this, ho has to glide from | cietie de Chirurgie, Paris, by M. gallery to gallery, and from level to Monfet, it arises from tho fact that level, in total darkness (for a light the British workman is well fed and would give warning of his approach) that by keeping up his system with and at frequent, but irregular in-1 wholesome and abundant food he is tervals, by night as well as by enabled to resist and defeat bacillary day.	infection. On the other hand, tho
A moment’s remlssncss, the slight- French workingman is badly fed, and est slackening of discipline, owing to under the prolonged action of insuf-his mistaken leniency, and hundreds | Orient end unwholesome food, his of lives may possibly be sacrificed, constitution becomes exhausted and Small wonder that the post, well he is an easy prey to tuberculosis, paid though it Invariably 1». is Nevertheless, wagon are about the never one to be ovor-cagerly covet-]name in London and Paris, but it
mu»t	are by no
means equivalent. Tho fact is that living is incomparably cheaper in
___	England than in France—in London,
THE CONSUMPTIVE’S ROOM. | whore there is no octroi, than in
___	! Paris—and the difference
MAKES ITSELF FELT. '
beg consideration. With a choky ! carried in bin heart a fixed resolve x feeling in his throat lio left the place that the trust of the man who had for tho last time and passed out in-'plucked him out of the depths should to the street "out of collar** and ut- never be violated by him, and. in a ter I y heartsick.	little purse that lay near to his
For weeks he went tho round in heart, the shilling tho little scuin-his endeavor to regain employment, stress had given him "just for but without success. It was in- luck." variably the same answer younger man was wanted gradually the despair that breeds on repeated disappointments took hold of him. The starvation he forced himself to endure in order to make his little accumulation of money last was marking its unmistakable signs on his face. And then tho day dawned when he had spent his last
ami work seemed as far
WAYS OF MAKIE A LITIS0
FOB STRAY LIGHTS. | How Food Affects the Well-Being
of Two Nations.
%
WATCHING FOR DEATH IS ONE
OF THEM.
iTwo clthe Crowd
to
Silent Watchers on the Spot
When
Defeat the Destroyer
He Comes.

"A
#
#
#


And
Three years passed.
Thomas Joncs was no longer a book-keeper. Fired by the determination to prove himself worthy of the trust reposed in him ho had not spared himself, nnd had succeeded beyond his expectations. The business of his firm had prospered exceedingly, and at tho end of two years from tho date of his arrival he fourni himself branch house that had connections over tho whole of the South African Colonies.
# »
The deadliest stuff manufactured extensive scale in England is
Every working day, week in, week out. at a quarter to nine in the
morning, Thomas
through the park gate on his to the office
on an
cyanide of potassium, the poisonous
principle <>f prussic acid. Tho process of distillation is not in itself however, unhealthy, and consequently, tho men engaged in the trade are
rule, fine, robust specimens or
says
J ones passed
V .ix
The way through the park, besides being move inviting, cut off two minutes from tho time it would have taken through the main et roots that bordered it, and Thomas
only treasure in his life. Ho could not tear himself from this. It Income to him a habit—a necessity. Stimulated by her recognition he took up again tho round, and only tho night that found him still despairing killed the resolution her smile had instilled.
as a
the British workingman, manager of n Pearson's Weekly.
Nevertheless, tho lives of one ana all (f them are overshadowed by an ever-haunting horror—tho thought when starvation that, one day or other, they
fall victims to tho craving to eat the fatal feathery crystals which stituto tho product of their labors.
This hideous lust is no myth of tho imagination. It is a true terrible fact. To taste menus death.
and boy in a cyanide
yet,
mg
The dark days, had stored him in tho face, seemed now to him like some hideous nightmare. and only when, in tho privacy of his room, he sat and gazed at the mascot ho still wore near his heart and tho vision of a woman's face floated before his eyes did he realize that those days had really been.
Tho rumors of impending war were passing Into certainty as he sat in his office the day that marked his three years’ service. An excited mol» was crowded round the Press offices awaiting the new s» of tho expected ultimatum. As he caught tho shout
No one, of all the hundreds who passed along that patji during the day, noted with ktei.cr interest and more pleasure the growth flowers that bloom 3d
had
CO 111 -
of the tho
which bordered it. From April, when the tulips threw open their
vari-colorcd bells, through the sum-	.	, .	,	. ...
out (lava of bright geraniums and And presently his enforced idleness
rrsw j»jss Fvl:F 14 F-2
when the chrysanthemums bloomed boots and his shabby clothes with with the late daisies. Thomas, on his pitying eyes and knew he must daily journeying, marked it nil. and the depths. His pinched and hsg-the beauty of it took hold of him gurd fate haunted her and set her
H® tTas a clerk—just an ordinary Ag sho suw |liln approaching that ; paced the room. It struck him that type of the great army who. starting mornin und rcad thc despair in his tho outbreak of war would mean out in life with a fair oduciVion, ,ook something within her »ecmcd temporary stagnation for business, spoml their days on the same pro- to u her to the action. With ! and the hope that had lived with saie grind until the deadly mono- fflistening cycs sh0 put her hand in | him during the years—of once more tony eats into their hearts and h(?r pocket and drew out a shilling | returning to the old country—might transforms them into mere human ^ *ould m nlTor(L	be realised after all.
machines, l or nine yeais I homes “Take it, old friend,” she whisper A month later ho received the Jones had sat on the same stool in thrusting it into his hand; "and cablegram sanctioning his leave, tho dingy office posting eternal on- muy it l)ring you iUCk.”	With boyish eagerness ho booked his
§§E EEF2E : |=E™ E™ i~~6. _ T.y
^oars back Thomas hud entered . .	1	«trenirth in his heart The homeward voyage seemed an for instance, no fewer than live
upon this work with the hope that ^ strildc t,„ t0 the news-room, there ! eternity to him. Every night ho laborers lost their lives through this it would prove b it a probation to a ^ tah# nole of the vacancies ad-1 wfltit. asleep thankful that another species of better position, bet now. when he vertiscd Jotting down ‘ those |l0 day had passed that brought him was on the wrong side of thirty, and th ht |ike, ho weqt out to make i nearer to the motherland. Often he hod seen younger men pushed above hjg lirst application As he shuffled 1 would reverently finger that worn hmi by interest and favor, tho hope	thc hltoy strect_j0stlcd by the «hilling and wonder if the
had died within him. His aspira- m)wd wbo were hurrylng l0 their seamstress still passed along turns had vanished, and he h.ul be- (|ajlv ^ork-his gaze was suddenly l™th to and from her daily work come content, nay. thankful that he arrJst(1j , lh„ ligure t)f a gentleman ! Then, at last tho morning xiawned was in tho receipt of a n-Rular vvage who was cominB u„w„ the steps ol ! when he found himself In England	prcctcd
ÜëiSi - - - - - -
l n dor si zed, with a bloodless faco I turned his nod ami us he took in tho took the first train to the busy Mid-	a rui0> the death-watcher is not
fringed by a thin beard, and the, shabby figure his eyes opened wide, land city. Sleep came not to him himself liable to the particular form stoop that comes of much clerical | surprise, and ho stopped.	that night. Feverish with impa- of fatality from which ho seeks to
labor, 1 liornas Jones passed on his "Halloa, Jones !" he said, holding ticnce he noted the passing of the ! jen(j others, but this does not apply way without attracting a second j out hjs ]lan(ii « j hardly knew you. hours and waited the dawn. Almost ; to tPe nwj jn charge of tl.e “dislook from any man. His; fellows in you’re looking pretty queer. What’s ere it was light he was in the streets ; tnI1C0 8ignni" Qt the riile range. A tho office dubbed him 1 he Snail, up	The artisans, on their way to labor,	or morc beyond the butts ho
and took advantage ol his meek, un- Thomas told him in disjointed son- stared at him as ho hurried past t stands while firing is going on. complaining spirit, by passing on to tenccs 0f his dismissal and of his them.	keeping watch and ward by the red
him any uncongenial task that they fruitless endeavors.	Presently ho reached the park and | 0f danger, and warning heedless
thought he might do. The narrow j Samuel Johns listened With thc passed along tho old path. How1 circumscription of his existence hod disgust he felt àt the poor fellow’s vividly it all came back to him ! sapped his manhood s vigor and , harsh treatment plainly showing on Ho took out his watch. It was just transformed him into a mere au-j his face, and then, without a word, eight o’clock.
tomaton.	he took his arm and marched him	The minutes	dragged by.	A	man., thc reports of the rides He has
Ihe only blight ness that entered int0 the hotel. "You're hungry, old	whoso face ho	remembered	sauntered	| tQ Btrftin his	^ to distinguish even
ih S r In	« nLS	I ^a"" hosaid, quietly. "Get a bit leisurely by. He felt tempted to I the bugle calls that tell him when
nightly reading, the floweis in	the	of breakfast while I keep my	ap-	spring up and clasp his hand, j	tQ raisc	and lower his flag
park, and—the woman.	pointaient. I’ll he with	you	pro	Twenty tidies ho consulted his watch.	nround	him may be summer	und
She, like himself, was a toiler. |	scntly. Here, waiter ;	attend	to	He rose and promenaded the path |	g^nshinc,	the song of birds ami	the
Every morning she entered the	park	this gentleman !’’	until his wat^h denoted fifteen min- j	hum of’	bisect life ; and—ÿct“hd
at tho same hour as he did, and j With a smile he disappeared, leav- utos to thc hour.	knows full well that at any moment
passed through it on her way to the ' ing Thomas utterly dumfounriered. Would she come ? Ho turned and | death, sudden and invisible, may workroom w hero she drudged as a] "An infernal shame,’’ mused Johns walked towards , the gate through j ^bn sobbing to earth. 11 ' needs seamstress. Every morning they j as he strode along the street. "The	which she was	wont to pass in	thc	but the misdirected shot of a care-
passed ouch other—these two units fellow’s as steady as they make ’em.	old days. . .	.	! jeFS recruit ;	or even a ricochet bul-
in the great city crowd—and though j After nine years too ! Well—so	As he rounded tho bond he saw her	j let‘ t|iat has‘	ndsscd the big bulls,
they knew neither the other, yet the ] much for man’s ingratitude." A and his heart gave a throb. He	an(j,	leaving	the	whole wide country-
heart of the lonely bookkeeper would : sudden impulse took him, and im- could seo that her dress was thin	' g^o	untouched	and	unharmed*^
give a le;ip at her coming, and her : mediately acting upon it he entered and poor, her face wan and thin, eyes would meet his as they passed the post-office. Annexing a telegraph and, am tho distance between them with something like a smile in form he scribbled a message to his them.	partner, and handing it to the
Her anaemic face and listless ap- operator, Samuel Johns—one of Na-pearanco evidenced tho continued lure's noblemen—went out to keep drain of her life-blood that the con- | his appointment, finement and dru ’gery of her work claimed of her
er circumstances she would have been | ting gazing considered attractive, for her
and features were pleasing, and hcr I Johns returned.
eves. beautiful in their sadness,	"Well, Jones," he said, cheerily,
would have been full of thc laughter "had a good tuck-in ? That's right, that poets tell of. By comparison What have you got there ?" with his landlady, who was the only "A mascot," murmured Thomas, woman with whom he had acquaint- displaying the shilling ; and he told ance, Thomas certainly thought her him of the little seamstress and her an angel, and the smile of this lit- gift. Bluff Johns was silent for a tie , plainly-dressed drudge sent him little space when the.book-keeper lmd
to his work with quickened pulse and | finished. He would luivo laughed if	get lier.—London Tit-Bits
an indefinable longing in his heart. I	~
Ever since that day when their eyes had first met ho had looked for her coming, and when by chance he missed her—which happened but rarely—something scorned wanting in his life, and the hopelessness that hedged him never pressed more hardly upon him.
and
Every man
factory knows that full well knowing it, every now and then an old and trusted workman will -smitten with the desire to try the experiment, and fall frothing and foaming to the ground.
That is why, at tho door of every such poison factory, stands a man ever on thc watch with a jar ammonia, prussic acid's antidote, ready in his hand. Sometimes ho is quick enough. Sometimes not. Those whom he has brought buck from the jaws of death, all tell tho sumo tale. The craving came upon them instantaneously, and irresistibly. Scientists say that it is akin to the| sire which comes occasionally over people standing 011 tho brink of a precipice to throw themselves over.
It is this latter weird impulse which is responsible for many of tho deaths of workmen employed at
be
bo
of
de-
ed
Precautions to be Taken by Nurses and With the Washing.
INVOLUNTARY SUICIDE. Now, however, is it customary in all similar works to keep watermen watch in tho channel below, tween fifteen and twenty such men were employed constantly during the whole time the Forth Bridge
and during tho
The purchasing power of a piece ol M. is much higher in tho United Kingdom than it is in France. That is because tho English fiscal system, wisely farsighted, avoids taxes on the substances most necessary to existence, instead of taxing them as in France. Mutton, veal, beef, pork, butter, coffee, cocoa, tea, sugar und petroleum are dearer in France than in England in tho proportion of If. to 2f. for butchers' meat. If. 60c. to 2f. 80c., as compared with 5f. 90c. to even tif. 60c. for butter, coffee, cocoa and tea, to say nothing of fuel, which is also mu^h cheaper in London than in Paris. It is the same with every kind of provisions; also with matches, tobacco, wax matches, pepper and salt, which in France are taxed from 50 to 500 per cent above their intrinsic value.
Thus, a remark that has already been made in regard to Barcelona as to the increase in the number of tuberculous i>ersons in proportion to tho fiscal charges applies to France, which is the most highly taxed nation in tho world, and also ranks highest in tuberculosis; is in the first rank for alcoholism, and in thc first a* rank for depopulation
therefore, well established that the deadly taxation which in Franco weighs so heavily on necessaries of life is tho primary cause of thc development of tuberculosis, alcoholism and depopulation. It has been said that when the workingman in France is unable to satisfy his hunger he turns to his great consolation, alcohol.
If at all possible, every patient What ought to bo done, therefore, should	have his own	room, but he	is to completely remove taxation on
should	always have his	own bed. For	necessaries, to spare what is needed
a well	person to sleep	very close to	and tax superfluities. Thc remedy is
brought off n million to one chuncc * tuberculous patient I. almost as found in sanitary provisions bv burying itself in his body.	dangerous as to sleep together in one	cure is all very well, but to prevent
lessened, he could discern the hope- _	_	bed.	is bettgf. This method ought at
less, weary look in her eyes. He THE VAPOROUS MAN-KILLEIt. Frcinds, relatives and nurses should least to bo tried. Thc issue at stake fumbled in his pocket and walked "Roger is coming ! Clear, lads!" not remain very near tho patient renders it well worth while, inas-towards her. Sho looked at him,	Such is the cry heard only too often	longer than necessary, and the tuber-	much as to be on a level with Eng-
her cyog lit up with a sudden light,	in thc alkali factories of the North	' culous invalid should bo urged nl-	land (tho country taken in com par i-
Through tho lapse of years sho re-	of England "Roger” is thc nick-	ways to hold a handkerchief before	son in regard to tho mortality from
cognized him, and sho pressed her	name given by thc workmen to thc	his mouth and nose while coughing	tuberculosis) there arc 100,000 lives
hand to her breast.	chlorine gas, which, pumped on to	or sneezing, lie should, furthermore,	to be saved every year, without tak-
"Sce," he whispered, holding out	slaked lime, transforms thc latter	be advised to carry two handker-	ing into consideration the victims of
his hand ; "I have brought you	into bleaching powder. It is a green	chiefs with him always; one to hold	alcohol
back that shilling—tho mascot you	noisome, evil-smelling, palpable va-	before his mouth end to wipe it
gave me over three years ago. It	pour, and so poisonous that a few	with after having expectorated; the
has brought mo all the luck you	mouthfuls will kill a strong man	other to use only to wipe his nose.
wished me."	within a minute or so. To guard By being careful with the use of his The marvels of wireless telegraphy
Tho tears that camo from sudden	against this ever-present danger	handkerchiefs, thc danger of infecting	nro great enough to render a recent
happiness were in her eyes, and	"look-out lads" arc now permanent-	his nose and bronchial tubes will be	use of tho system not sufficiently
smilingly sho faltered : "I’m glad."	ly employed at nearly all thc fao	materially lessened
And they passed along the path to- tories. At a warning cry from one of All dirty linen (Sheets, pillow-cas- haps, yet the incident reported is
these, there is witm ed the strange es, underwear, napkins, handkerchiefs one which appeals to the Imagina*
anyone had dared to call him senti-	e	spectacle of every single man in u etc.) used by tho consumptive, should tion.
mental, but his wife would tell you	*	workshop employing perhaps him- not be handled more than necessary,	Two Cunard liners, the Lucnnia
that for all his business acumen he	THE CZAR'S LIFE.	dreda of hands, rushing wildly for but should he placed in water as and the Campania, were crossing
was as tender-hearted os a chiitl.	, ____ *	tho open air, and safety. Should soon as possible after removal from the Atlantic in opposite directions.
"Look here, Jones," he blurted %be Daily Routine of His Imperial | "Hoger ” win tho race so far ns some hod or body. It is better to wash Each, knowing tho date of the out, presently. "My people arc	Majesty.	belated laggard is concerned, the these articles separately, and only other’s sailing, could make a cal-
sending	out	a	man	to	the	Cape.	We]	look-out lad has brandy ready at his	after having been thoroughly boiled	culation as to the hour when they
want	a	thoroughly	reliable	chap	who I	He is un early riser is Nicholas,	elbow. But ho has need for swift-	should they bo put with the coin-	would most likely meet. When the
is	conversant	with	thc	trade	to	net	Tzar of All the Russias, and is up	ness of oyc and hand. "Roger"	mon laundry. Wherever it is not	hour came, the vessels were too far r
as	assistant	to	our agent	out there. |1111(1 dressed by V a. m. every morn-	slays rapidly and slays surely, and	possible to carry out these prefeau-	apart to sight each other. Prcscnt-
Not far from thc Imperial bed- even though ho be brought buck to ' tionary measures in their entirety, ]y, however, tho warning boll of the room is a study, to which he re- life, a workman once "gassed" is ono should contrive to follow them wireless telegraphic apparatus in the pairs, there to discharge some of his never again fit for much.	as far as it is in one’s power.	Campania tinkled, and the messag
Thomas gasped. Thc look of des- dfti,y important State duties, and In practically every isolated light-	was spelled out : "Are you there ?—
pair vanished from his face. His ’from len 1111 eleven o'clock he de- house throughout the world there	_______x________ Lucnnia." And then the two vessels
eyes lit up with renewed hope As votcs his attention to a small lunch- arc, nowadays, three men stationed.	*	still invisible to each other, and, as
he realized all that this offer meant, ec>n' a custom which obtains through- Two, or for that matter, one, could	vn,™ nr nrrcMmr-Tv	it was found, thirty-six miles apart,
his heart gave a leap within him cut Russia. Eleven o clock sharp in most instances do the work rHL Mltbl ULUbMiuiJL. talked for spmc
and his body shook with emotion. s.CtS ,lim at work in his Principal of- equally well. But the third man is Tho history of tho blockhouse as experiences as to tho weather Johns read his face and put forth *icc witl1 various governors and Min- there, in case of one of those unto- an engine of war is interesting at finally parting with the word "good-his hand.	isters W State. During the next ward casualties happening, to which the present juncture. They seem. t,° by” when they were a hundred and
"That’s settled then, my lad," he lwo hours he si*D9 mimerons bills lighthouse keepers are so frequently have been first extensively used by forty miles asunder. Such a said. "Now, go and puck Vour traps and documents, studies reports, and subjected. Ho takes no part in the the Russians in their long war for versation carried on between vessels and be back here by four o'clock, makes c omments on tho margins of trimming or lighting of the lantern, the subjugation of Caucasia ; and in thc open ocean, separated by such I've wired my partner that you're (‘a(dl* 1,urmg this time bis Majesty nor in the other daily routine of thc teaching of that campaign seems a vast stretch of water, anil out of coming up with mo to-night."	drinks copious draughts of cold,tea a duty • but simply waits and watches to be that they are a sure but a sight of each other, is an impress!".
"Thank you, sir," stammered ,a Wussc, °r whlrii he is very fond, watches and waits, week by week, very slow mode of conquest. The illustration of what wireless tel • Thomas. His brain was in a whirl. *s 8>lild	his ministers <lc- and month by month, for tho death Russians began to build them to grnphy means.
"I'll be here.”	fart	at	one o’clock, for	from	that	or disablement which	will promote	"wall in" Sell amyl in 1849.	It was
"That's all right.	then,"	said	timc	un.,il fol,r P	m* he spends	with	him from a	drone into	a worker.	not until 1859 that that	warrior
Johns, clapping	him	on the back.	11,8	1 lls	Majesty	is a	good	And how	frequently	the expected	prophet was walled in and	caught.
"Here’s a couple	of	pounds on ac- family	man."	V our o	clodk	sees	happens, is	shown by	tho history of	A fresh set of blockhouses had then
count of expenses. . . I shouldn’t hlm again at work, and often until the famous Longships light, off to bo constructed to wall In the part with that shilling if I were seven o'clock he is closeted with his Land’s End. Four, at least, of the tribes still in revolt. This took you."	numerous Ministers of State; but at light-keepers have been washed off another five years, the final sup*
Next day, as the signature he had seven the principal meal of the day the rock and drowned, the last ko render not taking place until 1864. just affixed to tho agreement of scr- ils »*rvod, and the rest, of thc even- ' recently ns 1877. Another man died Over wtC «Wr again the Circassians vice danced all blurred before his lnR ho spends with his children. At in the lighthouse, and his dead body got in among the blockhouses and eyes, Thomas Jones realized that he ten o’clock he retires to his private was kept for two months in tho gal- blew them up; and they repeatedly was "out of collar" no longer. Thc study, and sharp to the hour of lery of tho building by his sole sur- ambushed und cut up the mobile dawn of a new day in his life was midnight he goes to bed.	viving comrade (this happened before columns to which they served as a
breaking—a day that promised well. His evening hours arc now and the rule was adopted of having a base. In one ambush in a forest 73,-And when a week later he passed up airain interfered with by Court festl- third man), communication with the 000 men were killed. In the end, the gangway on to the liner that vities. but he never allows pleasure shore being impossible during the however, the blockhouses triumphed, should bear him to the new life, he to interfere with his working hours, whole of that time ; whilst, of two and the population was deported*
There is real danger from this source of infection only when one remains a considerable length of time very near the tuberculous patient while ho coughs or s]>eaks. At a distance of three or four foot the danger practically ceases. Tho relatively few bacilli which are expelled with tho saliva during the dry cough,
on
little
De-
the
was
re-
similar wise prccau-
bably never thrown farther than three feet, and fall rapidly to thc ground.
But even the lesser danger which may arise from the bacilli having fallen to tho floor with the particles of saliva must be prevented. They must not be allowed 1o accumulate and so be blown up with the dust into the air. Therefore the floor of a tuberculous patient should never have any fixed carpet; and even thc wooden floor should never be swept with a broom, but should be frequently wiped with a wet cloth or with crude oil. Dusty furniture should be cleaned in the same way. Plush, velvet, or cloth-covered furniture, heavy curtains or other fancy
arc
pedestrians of thc risk they incur by venturing within thc danger zone, too from
to catch oven the most distant echo decorations which might servo
dust-catchers, should not be allowed in the room of a tuberculous patient. Leather-covered, rattan, and plain wooden furniture are certainly the best, and the curtains should always be of washable material. Fancy curtains of cloth, velour, or silk, which accumulate dust, and keep the air and sun out of the rooms.
It seems,
All
SHOULD BE DISCARDED
\
has
Tho
Thomas, having made a better In-other and bright-J meal than he had for days, was sit-
Intently at something form I which glistened in his hand when
TALKING AT SEA
wonderful to bo extraordinary, per-
She was one of the sunbeams that brightened up the darkness of his lonely life. And to her the sad-eved book-keeper had come to be looked on as quite an old friend. His pearanec e*was reckoned in the routine of her daily life, and she looked for him rounding the bend in the path ns eagerly as he did for her.
One morning in late November—a dismal, dispiriting morning—she did not come as usual, and, us he trudged to his work, he felt instinctively that it was to be one of his dark days.
For some weeks past the firm had been feeling tho result of a declining demand, and a portion of the machinery had been standing idle. In conference with the manager, the head decided that standing expenses must be cut down, the services of certain employees dispensed with, and the manager, looking round his staff, decided that Thomas Jones, "Tho Snail," must go
He informed him of his dismissal in a few curt words, and the servant of nine years found the fears that had haunted him realized. He accepted the position resignedly. .Something had seemed to whisper in his sleepless nights that this day would surely dawn, and he knew it would
kick against the flat. Hie pria» forbade him cringe and
I'm thinking you’re just the fclIow.,nK for the job. Now, whnt do you say ? Will you take it ?
9 $
up-
hours, exchanging
and
con-
A SCARCE ARTICLE.
A Parisian restaurant-keeper who had the honor of entertaining a Russian grand duke felt that thc oppor tunity was one not to be neglected.
When the duke came to settle his bill, he found a charge of twenty franca apiece, or nearly four dollars,
for hothouse peaches.
"What 1" exclaimed the astonished nobleman. "Are hothouse peaabes so scarce, Uien, even In midwinter ?"
"Mo," replied the host, naively ; "but grand dukes art.1'
be umicas to


	



###PAGE###3###
—
à
THE CHEMISTRY OF FOOD.
" ^	t I ho given cold milk under any circum-	-
1 HllP CAD MLDC t h-« mecs, nor should too much milk be Should Engage the Attention o/
' 1 V i\ l xli\iTlCi\3 ? Igiven.
#msi I	rS=f
s sT*'r,Tl11	** s Æ'-tSüSL-Æ rstrisssrs.isfls
t “I, i i#| leu her «it liner under H0W T0 MAINTAIN SOIL FEItTIJLr micrococcus, pasteurizing, sterilizing. shown at the lust meeting of the prothé grand oïd ccdaMr^ As he went	etc., end there is danger that we vines season when, with an attend-
MmËÊÊÈÈÊÈÊiÊmsËmÊè
BE I	SI EgHgtEB |	S
"its»..- a.»w. “SiX;	¦r*rj— iv s» ll« -* r. Z,ZT..	" ”"‘rl ""
EHEHSEvds	sSsïSSS slSSSHS
### # ##,###
s= Sa SS Æ?;
^^TilîsSSf ËFrSÏHHE
mother whoso trust sho had betray- produce and leave as much humus don 1 lisk for ,l untl1 ,.you h“vo got cd ; no compunction or sorrow for in the ground as possible. This is ri<1 of the common dirt; then you
the gentle girl from whom she had bcKf accomplished by a system of mfty ,<)ok for thc seicnlUlc vanety-stolen home, love, and everything rotation oi crops and one crop in
the rotation should b«‘ clover, which
positively Jealous, Hi ta ! Well, your I £>•-fre-**-	m
c|uiet shall not bo disturbed yet. .	...........¦
You tell mo Daisy Is with her friends | ÿ Cfif D E AD IU	1
at Florence. Wo may see her there, and then wo can arrange. 1 must
1 uin going over to
con-
Young cal vos should never
those
o
o
w
o
O
I The Fatal Dower s
Every Woman
;
<9
OR
O
o
THE DESTRUCTION OF A PROUD SPIRIT,
O
O
s#
SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS,* Margaret Howard, on the cvo of departure to join her secretly married husband, leaves her çhild with Susan Hivers and is drowned at scu Susan rears the child, Daisy, as her own, and dies. Her daughter, Margaret, alone known Daisy's secret. Lord Lisle seeks his child, and Margaret, taking Daisy's birthright, announces herself his daughter and Margaret Howard's.
o
hut continued mctr, in Scotland, ami Endslelgh, in Yorkshire, uro my own. They	are
not entailed. At my death
'The estates of Ilels-
wore never forgotten.
Lord Lisle watched his daughter attentively. Her beauty and dignity charmed him. She never betrayed any uagainlloess or awkwardness of manner. There was nothing in her that told how the early years of her life had been spent. Her accent wns good—mho spoke well—she was quick and apt in imitation ; but there was a something wanting. Nhz had wit and repartee ; but Lord Lisle saw plainly that at times in conversation she was lost. She could not speak of books—she had read but little—or of pictures. She knew little of art or of music. She did not know the names of leading statesmen ; and occasionally Lord Lisle detected a flush of annoyance on the beautiful face when she felt her own deficiencies.
1,0	1<>ng ancJ earnestly to I She sat through the summer morn-
Mrs. AN y ver no ; nnd between them n , buav wlth two thoughts. One Plan was arranged which they ! how to koop Daisy from Lisle thought would settle all difficulties. Co|lrt tho othe how to win the Lord Uale went in search of hl« I hoftrt o( Philip Lisle. The whole
daughter. Ho found her In the g«r- i ambition of her soul was centered in den sitting under tho spreading L,lftt ono ldca_she must, be Lady
sh,‘!of.JHrKC. fcdnr-trcc-	! Lisle—Lady Margaret Lisle ! As she
.Mu. he said, gently, sitting 0,1i murmured the name to herself a ? ho grass by her side, we must have 8mllo ,.lpplc(l ovcr her for eho
a long conversation. How old are. thoug|lt of ,iul|)h A(ihtrtI1 and tho
,	,,,	,	vow ho had forced her to take. She
JU?.t.^BhteCn,1 she replied, with thought of him without love—with-some little surprise.	j oul unythlng but contempt. The
Then Lord Lisle, with paternal j fierce, passionate love he had Invish-fondr.ess, clasped her hands in his. C(j Upon her was forgotten or unheed-“You must not be hurt or vexed at C(j. She disliked even to think of what 1 am going to say, my (lari- that miserable past. She was to be ing,” he began, "and, above all, do Lady Lisle !
not think 1 am dissatisfied with you. Lord Lisle did not delay in making I am more proud of you than of arrangements. Before the end of the anything else in the world. But Weck he had secured the assistance of there are a few little deficiencies we a clever, accomplished lady, the must try to remedy. It is usual for widow of one of his fellow officers, a a young lady of your rank and posi- high-bred, refined woman, who glad-tion to he presented at Court and ]y undertook the charge of his make her debut in the grand world/* daughter.
"\es, she said, brightly ; grand- Mrs. Marche seemed instinctively mamma has been telling me all about to understand all that was required it. i am impatient for the time to 0f bcr. She was to help the young
come	j lady to acquire a polish and grace
'You must learn to wait," he re- j 0f manner that as yet she had not. plied, with a smile. "It is on this i She wns to touch those little mys-sobject I want to speak to you. Series of etiquette that can only he You are only eighteen. 1 should like learned from those accustomed to you to devote two entire years to good society. Far fitting yourself for your place in the power, she was world/* He saw the keen look of mind and intellect, disappointment, and hastened to | Mrs. Wyverne add : "They shall be happy years, I Court. Philip Lisle thought it my darling. I will take you abroad. | table that ho might join his ¦ I Wo w ill go to franco nnd to Italy. J jn Italy when he went there. They surprise.	’	" us 801110 clever j were to go to Paris first nnd remain
It is a grand old place—my fath- und accomplished lady, who will | there a year. During that * year or." she said, proudly.	K*'.° you wlmt Iny mother calls the masters of all kinds were to instruct
"And a grand old race to whom it finishing touches. You must learn j Miss Lisle. Sho resolved to devote belongs," he replied. "I know of the names of great authors and read j herself to study and acquiring no family whose annals arc so stain- their works. \ou must see tho fin- j polish of high life.
less as our own. Our men have eW i est pictures in Italy, and learn all ,	To bo Continued.	-	,	fertilizer
!	|	wo*,
I understand, she said, sadly. | Observations of a Trip to New ! 25 bushels per acre removes about Niiy’ said Lord Lisle; it is nj	Brunswick.	|$h,75 worth of these elements from
through the country," continued Mr. use commercial fertilizers freely, foi ing a $4 pair of pants. 1 he old cow Bennie, "very much more should be ! it is impossible to keep up the farm took advantage of the gap in tho done in the breeding and fpeding 01 ! and sell grain without their use. If fence and got into the corn field and both cattle and hogs, but before [we grow all the forage crops we can killed herself eating green corn.
-........-....1rim!	1811 EES?
“Iwssts. — Jtïssu-afiisrsSMï S? as-
Of course you love her very dear- ,lmd nre only yielding small returns oats shoi ts and hay before them so and chcwed tho tttlls off tollr '"“e
I for want of underdraining, but when tliat they j j these things are better understood
CHAPTER X
A month passed, and Margaret found herself with every wish of her heart gratified. She had longed for rich dresses wherewith to adorn the wondrous beauty that had been so fatal a dower. She had them now in abundance. Mrs. W'yverne selected a trousseau that might have suited a princess. Lord Lisle wished that neither expense nor trouble should ho spared. She had longed for jewels ; her father gave her the celebrated "Lisle diamonds"—considered by connoisseurs as some of tho finest stones in England. lie finished presents upon her—delicate, glowing pearls ; opals of rare and beautiful hues ; rich rubles, "Hashing red," emeralds with a rare, golden light in their green depths. There were times when she shut herself in her room alone with her treasures ; she took them from their velvet beds, and placed them on her neck and arms, and as she did so, and tho wondrous diamonds Hashed like points of flame, she smiled contemptuously over the ear rings Ralph had given her and which she onto thought were magnificent.
A French walting-mnid, who understood her business and knew how to make the most of Rita’s dark, glowing beauty, had been engaged to attend her. Lord Lisle purchased a magnificent horse especially for her, and she was, in a very short time, taught to ride ; everything that love, luxury, or comfort could suggest was always at her command to the very moment.
On tho day following her arrival. Lord Lisle himself took her over the Hall, showing her the state-rooms, the picture gallery, the magnificent modern apartments, tho treasures of art, the statues brought from Italy, the gold and silver plate—in itself worth a king’s ransom.
Ho was proud of the beautiful girl who swept through thcs<^ gorgeous rooms ; she said nothing of the wonder they excited in her. That, she thought, would show tl want of good taste. Rut when they carne to the picture gallery, and Lord.Lls’e raised the heavy velvet hangings, she stood for u few minutes in mute
ing
She had succeeded beyond
lies
March—Fruits. Vegetables, nnd Fer-cals—General composition, matter. Parts used for food
Mineral
Mak-
ing of breakfast foods.
April—Fais and Oils — Different
Adulteration
else
CANKER SORES
We
is our greatest soil renovator should aim to
This disease invariably appears in composition young pigs from tho time of birth to °r roo!.ing.
a few weeks old. If not attended to May — Albuminous Foods—Flesh* or nearly everything produced on promptly it the farm and if wo add a little bran or concentrated feed to the ration of each animal and carefully save and apply all the manure, it is easy to sec that we shall maintain and probably add to the fertility of the soil.
Many advocate the plowing under of green crops, but unless n farm is very much run down I would not practice this unless it be to bury a second crop of clover or a cover crop sowed to protect the ground through the winter should always be sowed whenever a piece of ground remains idle during the full and winter. Many times we have a piece of stubble which we intend to filant to corn or potatoes.
On this we can grow a crop of rye or peas nnd barley, either of which will make a large growth and can bo plowed under in time to plant corn. This adds largely to the humus of the soil, and will tend to carry the crop through drouth without injury.
As I said it should be our aim to feed all or nearly all we raise on our farms for the purpose of keeping up the fertility of the farm, and I believe it to be more profitable to sell our produce in the form of butter, beef, pork, etc., than to sell it in the rough. I believe our Qfoduce. fed to good stock, will bring us more than twice what it will sell for on the market. For example, I can feed a cow for 121c per day and have her bring in 2f> cents or more per day for butter alone, nnd I believe the same to be true with all other
Effect
FEED EVERYTHING
either stunts their forming foods. Composition growth pcrnmocntly or they waste 1,(‘M ins. Effects of heat, away and die. The symptoms are as * he addresses, papers and discus-follows: Sore mouth, swelling of the si( ns ' these subjects so far have jaws, with white, sometimes light I>ro\ed bru htand helpful and the so
brown scabs, which later show deep C;cfy hopes to !urnish synopses of
these for these columns from time to time.
Pro-
The scabs and cracks are
cracks
found on i hr snout, extending over the head and even to the body and 'J'licre is no doubt that the study In some cases an ulcer will and proper understanding of the prim form at the end of the snout and cat ciples of household economics should
aw,iv part of the nose
the ears may be affected and young or old. and yet it, is a strange drop off. There is dullness, loss of fact in this age of advanced thought, poxVer in the hind limbs, a tendency ^lien most people aim to keep » he
mind well informed on the practical subiects of life, that health, and the health-giving principles which should underlie the building up of the home are scarcely considered. Among the leading subjects studied by the Canadian Household Economic Association are the construction and sanitation of the house, which includes Eating, ventilating, lighting, plumbing, &c., With this comes, if ont would have a model home, artistic useful and economic furnishing the care of the body, cleanliness,
limbs
Jn other engage the attention of every woman
cases
A rover crop
to walk on the fetlocks, disinclina-
The pies usually
tion to move stand with their backs humped up. They either refuse to suckle entirely or else do so in a half-hearted man-If made to walk and move
ncr
they will squeal as if in pain.
The young pig must first be attended to by dipping the entire head in one of the following solutions: Permanganate of potash, one ounce, dissolved in one-half gallon of Water; or creolin or chloro-naphthol. one ounce to one-half gallon of water. These solutions should be applied at intervals of two or three days. Before using the solutions remove as far as possible all dirt from the snout of the pig, or a larger amount of the solution will have to bo used to get good results. The sow's udder should also be washed with one of these solutions two or three times. Disinfection of the farrowing pens with hot lime water should also be performed, as it has been noticed that litters farrowed in the same pen at different times have been affected with this disease.
diet, exercise, clothing, the mental, jhysicai nnd spiritual development of the individual; in fact, everything engage the attention of every young that relates to the health and happiness of those who live in oui homes. The selection nnd cooking o: food is one of the most important tools to the home-maker. Mother* frequently, in ignorance, cater to thi taste of their children instead of pub ting before them good wholcsoini food to build hone, muscle and nerve Sir Henry Thompson says "that. Lht selection of food is to be considers in relation to a principle in whirl we may certainly believe, namely that the aliments most adapted t< develop the individual sound in mint and body, shall not only be accept# able to tho palate but that they ma) be selected and prepared so as to afford scope for the exercise of a refined taste, and produce a fair degrot of on incident pleasure naturally associated with the art of eating and derived from the study of the table/1
as lay in her to cultivate her
remained at Lisle
prouncle
« <
KINDS OF STOCK
thj
Many advocate the use of commer-
Of course, the basis
DM. W. CHASE’S QC CATARRH CURE... AUC.
life in that your mother did not live to take her place hero.”
"Have you
mother ?” asked Rita.
Yes," replied Lord
le sent direct to the diseased m parts by the Improved Blower. Heals the ulcers, clears the air passages, stops droppings In the J	throst and permanantly cures
'	Catarrh a»d Hay Fever. Blower
free. All dealers, or Dr. A. W. Chase Medicine Ce., Toronto and Buflaie.
t t
Lisle
e i
# i
A DREADFUL WARNING
A PHONOGRAPH STORY
A timely solemn warning to those who get their reading by borrowing * young cafe com < t t-singer recent papers for which other people pay ly applied to the Ians po ire for s the subscription. "A man who was warrant against her former lexer, too economical to take this paper, Nvdl°’ sho asirerted, had ttoquentlj sent his little boy to borrow the threatened to kill her. The young copy taken by his neighbor. In his man was summoned to the polie» haste the boy ran over a $4 stand station, but promptly denied
minutes looked charge, and in tho absence of con-
Uis firmation of complainant's statement
had to let
th<
_ station with a witness in the shape of a phonograph. She explained that her lover’s threat had been made while she was singing into a phonograph and it had occurred to he: that the incriminating words might
as she gazed upon it
Tho face was pure and fair, with a ! feront ly. ” refined spiritual expression on tho Tho words rang out clear and soft delicate features ; the brow was 0n the bright summer air, and no clear and pure; the violet eyes lus-[one Was there to say how cruel and troua and tender bright golden hair lfal.se they rippled over a white neck ; the sweet lips were parted with a smile ; it | Lisle was the very
whom she had betrayed, robbed her birthright and deceived !
of Police
Tin
bu1
11
call
Iron can be drawn into thinnet wire than any other metal exccp gold.
ed Rita.	1
"Not often," replied Lord Lisle "A gem like this should not hang I ly ?" lie continued
,e unnoticed, it is one of the fin- "Yes." she replied, calmly. est pictures we have. I must attend	love poor little	Daisy but	the	considering the intelligence of
to the removal."	tone of voice in	which she spoke	had	People,, we may look for	great
Even as he spoke, Rita was think- m> ring of music io « husi m | things in the near future. ing how it could best be destroyed, j "Is she plain or stupid ?" asked Daisy’s face resembled it so perfect- | Lord Lisle, anxiously, ly that every one must observe the "Neither," she replied, more earn-likeness. Rapidly as lightning the cstly. "I think her pretty. She is thought passed through her mind.	very fair	and gentle	; fond of	read-	day	which	the King has chosen for
•Grant me a favor, dear papa,"	ing and	drawing. Oh, papa,	they	his	coronation, is the anniversary of
she said. ”1 like this picture ; will were kind to met but I was not Dio day on which Oliver Cromwell you allow me to have it in my own j happy there. I should like to forget was installed as Lord Protector ,oom ?•,	tho past, and Daisy would remind me Westminster Hall. On that occasion
Only too pleased to comply with	of it."	the	chair	of Scotland was brought
any request that came from his	Lord Lisle looked	hurt and	die-	out	of the	Abbey and used for the
darling child Lord Lisle consented,	appointed. With	her keen, shrewd	ceremony. It is also notable	that
Before night the portrait of Lady	instinct she saw	and noted it.	the following English monarchs	have
Svbllla Lisle was hung in her room. "Do not misunderstand me, dear been crowned on a Thursday : Ste-• You like your home, then, Mar- papa," she said. "Like yourself, I phen, John, ltichard II , Charles L, caret ?" said Lord Lisle, as they feel all that I owe to Daisy’s moth- James »„ William and Mary. Queen Blood upon the broad terrace over- er. I would cheerfully give Daisy all Anne, George IV. William IV and looking the fragrant flower garden. that I have, but, I—do not laugh at Queen Victoria. That is a fair col "Yes " she replied, gently. "My me—I want to be alone with you a lection of lucky and unlucky only regret is that I did not know little longer. She Is clever ; she archs, which makes it years ago "	sings sweetly ; perhaps you might any superstitious person to gather
•It has not been mine very long," love her better than your own poor ] omens from the day chosen
"You should under- little Rita."
I «
shirts
w-ill learn to eat all of
i i
the
Apply This Test to the Nerves
THURSDAY CORONATIONS
If You Have These Symptoms Your Nerves Are Weak and Exhausted—You
Can Get Well by Using Dr, Chase’s Nerve Food.
Thursday morning, 26th June, the
Nervous diseases arc little understood. They have long been enshrouded in more or less mystery by the medical profession. Many who are fast falling victims of nervous prostration, paralysis or locomotor ataxia think that they are merely not very well, and will soon be around again—so insidious is the approach ot nervous diseases and nervous collapse.
Study these symptoms. They are for your guidance.	You may not have	them	all, but	if you have any
of them your nervous system is not up to the mark, and	a little extra expenditure	of nerve	force may bring
the dreadful downfall.	,	, .	.	.	...
Intolerance of motion, noise and	light; twitching	of	the muscles of the face	and eyelids; |
sudden startings and Jerkings of the	limbs; dizziness	and flashes of light before the eyes; irritability and rest-
lessness in every part of the body; headache, indigestion, feelings of weariness and depression, and loss of
interest in the affairs of life.	,,	,	.	» .	.	.	.
So long as the daily expenditure	of nerve force	is	greater than the daily	income, physical bankruptcy is
certain to result sooner or later. Nerve force must	be	Increased, nnd this can	best be accomplished by the
use of Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food, because it contains in concentrated form the very elements of nature which go directly to form nervous energy, Nervous diseases do not right them selves. They come on gradually as nerve force bromes exhausted, and can only be cured when the nerve force is restored.
No treatment for nervous diseases has ever received such universal endorsement by both physicians and
people as has Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food.	. . .	.
In the press of Canada you will find hundreds of earnest letters telling of	the wonderful	bene.its derh^d
from Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food. 50c a box, 6 boxes for $2.50, at all dealer» or T tuianson. Bates â Co., Toronto.
in


fatiguing sleep.


mon-it difficult for


said Lord Lisle
stand that Lisle Court and the title are both entailed. At my death they and charming, that Lord Lisle clasp- A school inspector asked a small
Philip He will be Lord | cd her in his arms and laughed boy, "for what purpose is the skin Lisle" He did not see the dismay- ! heartily.	of a cow useful?" To this the small
ed expression that crossed her face, "Jealous !" he said. "You arc boy replied, "To keep the beef in."
She looked so beautiful, so loving
go to





###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY. Tho MONTREAL GAZETTE
SMART & SMITH
MAS8BY-HARRIS
s«
SUMMER
DRESS GOODS
Has its own special staff of correspondents at Ottawa and Quebec for the sessions of the Dominion Parliament
SHAWYILLE
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWYILLE, MARCH 13, 1902
)
C«5/T\g>
Coder the Hon. John Haggurt the	nnd of the Provincial Legislature both
running expenditure on the Intercolonial	vf which opened on Feb. 13. The re-
Rsilwsy 134,900. In 1901, under he Hon. Andrew Blair, the amount has
$07,325 Î This is duo to a largely I liable

are now being placed in stock, including
Cashmeres,
Silks and Satins,
Sateens, Priqts,
Duck Costumes,
Ginghams and Flannelettes.
In addition to the regular lines we are showing
A Line of Ladies’ Whitewear.
We are still in It, and prepared to supply the Best Line of Farm Implements in the Market.
pyvts will he full, impartial and roll
risen tv	¦¦¦
increased staff of officials some of whom ;u*e drawing salaries of &i\ and seven thousand dollars per annum.
SPECIAL OFFER
In view of the above events, T1IE GAZETTE will l>c sent to now sub-Tbe < Canadian uevots have found a ( U e | M l ibers daily for Three Months on re sonal in the Grange River Colony which contained 310,000 rounds of ammunition, besides .shells, fuses, a Maxim gun, lielios a field telegraph and other stores. The «luostion frequently asked as to where rho Doers get their supplies of arms and ammunition is thus partially answered.
The Boors had enough laid up for two wars, instead of one.
MA8W
-HAM1S
StCnOMAt.
SEEDER.
eelpt of One Dollar
Address orders to b
RICHARD WHITE, President,
Gazxtte Prixtino Oo
Montreal.

NOTICE.
DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
c

We invito the ladies to inspect these Goods before ordering from Toronto or Ottawa. We have the right goods at the right pricees.
The tirst batch of supplementary cst-i
mates presented to the House list week, I Notice i* hereby given that the partner
EB.HHHE I
ending June 30. 1302, bring the total up itrm name of Reid Brothers, was dissolved to 161,283.424,57. And the end is not on the 15th day of February, 1908, by
yet! The “ wait till you see us next year ” mutual consent ; and that theaaid business ,,mrkuf )lr T.,:,
made applicable to yoais ad intinitum, | thuriied to settle all debts due to and by
the company
Broad-cast Seeders, Hoe Drills, Shoe Drills,
Steel Land Rollers of the latest and most
improved makes.
M	T3T a A NE BROS. Samples on hand for inspection. See them before buying.
0
0
O
(Signed>G. E. REID
John Loughrin, the rough and ready member of the Legislature foi Ni pissing, has been giving estimates (?) of the cost of the Georgian Bay Canal, which would lead one to think that John has been making a survey of the route on Ms own
account, and that either he or the quali-1 Notice is hereby given that any persou tied professional gentlemen, who have or persons found trespaslng within the
ssesws - w |
head column.	trespass and any damage that may arise
SMART & SMITH’S.
Portage du Fort. Feby 21, 1902
1902
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT MILL !
flotice To Trespassers.
CLARENDON
ROLLER MILLS | HIGH CLASS # MEDIUM
t herefrom
MRS BARBARA Me COOL
The Ontario Government has decided that the number of votes in the referendum it will require to give its provincial prohibition law a trial will be one-half of
the oumher cast n the election t.» the Legislature in 18%. This number was Public notice is hereby given, that the
â"i,	SHHSittEH
election m November, will have to bring School House, on Saturday, March 22nd, 228,470 of their friends to the polls. In | io<»2. at 1 o’clock, p. m. to auction off the the Mowat humbug plebisite of 1893 different milk routes, and for the trails-they wore able t,. bring out only ISO, 1ST notion of other business. All, mro hohtors
voters in favor of their cause, and in the ‘“^OnleT^JLUtYYdsMART. Laurier fake of 1898 they got just 154, |	Secretary.
is;>. Mr. Roes has hung the fruit well
beyond the reach of their pole.
^FURNITURE.
Remember that we are adding to our reputation as ufacturers of High Grade Flouii.
You don't Catch Us standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation already established, No, sir !
We want Milling and Seed Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large stock of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Prices Right.
man-
Public Meeting.
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables,
Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
Starke's Corners March 0, 19Ù2
JAMES WILSON.
the great lakes through an ail British .	...... country in case of war. The unexpected
which the Provincial Board of Health Baie of the Ctiuda Atlantic Railway to an
came in for at the hands of several Ameiiean syndicate has called attention members of the Legislature last week, to the danger of granting charters for tha
T* - «* ,TZ 'fTT'T
vaccination order, tue M >iLieal Gazette	which are of strategical importance
remarks	to the Empire at large. The possibility
The Government can well afford to that the alienation of the ( anad i Atlantic pt the responsibility for the Provin- road may lead to the diversion of freight eial Board of Health's vaccination order, from Canadian porta is also looked upon which was attacked in the Legislature on aa rendering the construction of theie Tuesday- There are in the situation, canals aa of very much greater importance outside of Quebec IS much aa withm ita than formerly attached to them, borders, conditions that might easily re-
SÜIiSEssE
remain so. The only reasonably certain preventive of smallpox is vaccination.
The ablest physicians of every country dare this, in striving to compel local boards to do their duty and enforce vaccination, the Provincial Board of Health should receive the support of the Government and of all who have the welfare of the province at heart.
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Referring to the recent severe criticism
THE FAVORITE
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
t
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
HE SHAWYILLE
T
icce
pRESH ARRIVALS
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
AT
SASH and DOM
WAINMAN’S.
IN
FACTORY

YourcAftnce also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
; Box Stoves and Triple Heaters,
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
Lanark, 15 cases ; Leeds and Grenville, 3 Nipissing, 57 esses; Parry Sound
Prescott and Rue sell, 95 cases ; Rainy River. 5 cases Renfrew county, 89 cases; Stromont Dundas and Gleugary, IG cases.
(Formerly MeCredie & Ijodgino)
AT THE
cases ;
district 3 cases
Is again built up
de
fjash Store,
and
ready for business.
Cecil Rhodes is reported to be crit ically ill from heart trouble.
STARK’S
CORNERS.
being fully equipped with
UP . TO DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: GOOD WORK DONE. ::	::
A broken rail on tlie Southern Pacific i .	. ..	r	r ¦ ,.
R. K. caused the death of fifteen persons, A fy|j |jng Qf 5tOV6 lUmiShingS,
. ,	. and injury to a number of others near I *	*	* u '
The Dunumcn Government s Libor Maxton station, Texas, a few days ago.
. Gazette is the greatest newspaper failure	^	mi ‘ ,
on record. It is a monthly publication	The Df.ittsvhi.and.-Tlie speedy racer
started in October, 1900 (shortly before of the Hamburg American line has es-the general election) and the total receipts Ublished a new winter record. She from subscriptions and salts for the nine ! crossed from Liverpool to >ew York a months to the 30th of June, 1901, amount- distance of 3,1G6 miles m o days, 23 hours ed to $847. This was not enough to pay sod 3G minutes. Her sunimer. record the editoi a salary, which at the rate of when the ocean race track is not heavy $L500 a year, amounted for the nine | with swollen seas is o days D> hours and months to 81,0%. Then $1,819 was paid 12minutes. This is a contrast to the tunc to some twenty-six correspondents at the j made by our fore-fathers, rate of 8100 a year and the printing and other services in connection with the nine monthly issues amounting to $14,589.
The total coat of the nino issues was thus something over fifteen thousand dollars, against receipts as stated of $847 . The tpfil cost of the so-called Labor Department, which was for election purposes pure and simp’e, was $24,480,11.
The Laurier Labor Gazette
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin,
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
G-. E. WAINMAN, SHAWYILLE.
F. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
A full stock of Doors, Sash. Mouldings, Turnings, Etc,, will be kept hand and Custom Work done as usual.
THE MARKETS.
Deliberate Suicide
on
Chatham, March G.—A man of about 50 years of age, who appears from papers found in his pocket, to be James Toronto, committed suicide by deliberately
_ ri.4 ...	,	...... walking in front of the Wabash express
Queen City, which returned last night a^out two miles east of this city yester-
from a trip a.oiig the west coast of \ an- , Both of his legs were broken and a
a	-b- “•
disaster during the recent gales, or at /"ygM least were badly damaged. In the finding of the boom of the illfated sloop of
*sir Condor on L ong Beach,farther evid-	I	__ _	n
ence is produced to show that the vessel \ .tncouver, B. C., March G.—A small went to the bottom In a December storm, schooner rigged vessel has been towed which carried down the collier Mottewan into V «couver harbor with the bodies of and her crew, making a death list for that two men lashed to it. The vessel was one blow off Cape Flattery of 140 peo- overturned by the storm of Monday night pie. Farther north the officers learned and was picked up in gulf. The names of other wreckage coming to shore, of the dead men are not known, presumably from a sealing schooner, nor is it known what has become of the there being pieces of canoes and fishing others of the crew, boats
SH A WVILLE.
Wheat (standard* 08 to 75c. Flour per barrel, $3.40 to $3.90. Oats per buahel, 40 to 45c. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75c. Buckwheat, 45c. per bush. Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Eggs, per doaen, 00 to !4c. Butter, per pound, 00 to 15c. Ducks, per lb. 6 to 7 cents. Chickens, per lb. 5 to 0 cents. Turkeys, per lb 8 to 9 cents. Pork per 100 lbs.. $7.00 to $7.50 Beef, per 100 lbs., $3.75 to $4.00 Wool, per pound, 14 to 10c. Pelts, each, 40 to 50c.
Hides, $4.75 to $5.00.
Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each.
SILAS YOUNG.
The Condor's Kate
ROBERT C. HODCINS.
Victoria, B.C., March 6,—The steamer
OHAWVILLE’S
v MEW
Rere it is ! The Place
Georgian Bay Canal
SASH and DOOR
The Ocean’s Perils
government atticpe in regard to aid
*	. SAID TO HAVE CHANGED.
FACTORY.
Ottawa, February 24—It is rumored that the reported sale of the Canada Atlantic railway to the Vanderbilt my# haa caused a change of policy on the part of the Government in regard to the Georgian Bay Canal. Some time since it warn underatood that the Government
were not in favor of guaranteeing the bonds of the Georgian Bay Canal Com-but of building the French River
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
tom
In connection with my former buai ness 1 have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
a
?nil
Alaskan Gold Find
Imp.ritiD.r.nc.	Tram.,
.A. Ome. KUm ÎCOîmtMPLlTM rot.
militia Army cobps in van ad a,	i ceived there from Fort Selkirk of the
Sash,
pany,
canal themsehei. This, it ia stated, was almost arranged, but now it ia said, the policy of the Government wiil be to build both canals, if they ever are built aa Government works. The charter of the Georgian Bay Canal ran out by efflux of time on May la\ last year, and though an application for a renewal ia to come before the House this session it ia unlikely that it will be granted. The opinion is freely expressed that the work is of such Imperial importance that no risk should be run of its being possible that it could fall under the control of capitalists of other and foreign nations. Years ago the Imperial authorities sent out Royal Engineers to survey the route and report upon it. The report was published in a secret bine book, and spoke highly of the importance of this waterway as a strategical route for the transport of troops, munition and supplies from the ocean to
OTTAWA
Eavetrough ing,
Hoofing and
impairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &c.
Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
" pails. 18 to 20c. per lb Eggs, fresh, 20c. per doz. Potatoes, 85c. per bag.
Lamb, 7 to 10c. per lb. Mutton, 7 to 9c. per lb.
Beef, 6& to 7c. per lb;
Pork, $7.25 to $8.00 per 100. Chickens, 50 to 95c. a pair. Oats, 40 to 48c. per bushel. Hay, $6.50 to $9.00 per ton. Wool 00 to 00c. per lb.
greatest placer etrike mince the one London, March 5 —The war office made on Eldorado Creek in the summer scheme mentioned by the war secretary, of 18971	IH
Mr. Drcdrlck, in the House of Commons The report ia of a new find made on yesterday evening, by which he hoped an unnamed tributary of the White river the colonial forces would become avail over the divide of the Dalton trail, more able in the event of war involving the than 100 milea from Dawaon. It is said general interests of the empire, is said that the find consists of course gold that today to contemplate India providing runs $26 to the pan. three army corps, South Africa two army No sooner had the report reached Daw-corps. Australia two army corps, New eon on Sunday, than intense excitement Zealand one army corps and ^Canada four prevailed, and 600 men left that city militia army corps.	yesterday and last night. They went
in eddition to six British army on bicycles, in dog sighs, on horses and
corps would cdtstitute a force for im- on foot, penal defence little inferior in num- Heretofore the White river has been bers to the legions of the continental known more for its great copper deposits military powers.	than for gold bearing gravel.
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-class work.
Thanking my many customers for theip-Hberal patronage in the past, I «hall look forward to a future in crease in business.
•1
Shawville.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
proprietor.
Th
The Ontario Government has decided to give New Ontario four new members, making seven in all
P. S.—Highest price paid I for Calfskins and Pelts.
L
###PAGE###5###
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
County Pontiao’i Largest Ware-Rooms.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
k Hfrjne.
I I Meets the 4th Wednes-Iday of every mouth.
I / Court dues muet be paid / promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. B. Barnett, F.B
<LO.E
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interest#.
PUBLISH ID RVRRT THURSDAY
AT SHAWVILLE. Co. PONTIAC, QUK.
SUBSCRIPTION—01.00 A it AH IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearage* are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.
1
Glimpses
WÊ
of Spring.
J. A. Cowan, R 8
Before placing orders for Spring Goods I wish to remind the general public that
WE HAVE THE W|0ST UP-TO-DATE FARM H|ACHIH------------ERY ON THE MARKET------------------
as a glance at the construction of Disc will show ; also the number of sales made to the leading farmers on their merits.
John Beckett, O.R.,
:o
ADVERTISING RATES 1
Legal advertising, eight cent* per line for first Insertion and four cents per Hue for each subsequent Insertion.
Bus loess cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted it WO per fear.
Looal announcements Inserted at the rate of » cents per line for first Insertion and a cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three seats per line.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
3
Early Arrivals of Spring Goods at
The spot for—
A Fashion arm Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, oh A Clean Shave.
The Up-to-Date Store I
Your Turn next.
-
CEO. HYNES,
Note.—Pole can be arranged for two, three or four horses, instantly without removing pole. Made in nine different sizes from 16 to 20 inches ; double lever—a great convenience on side bills and turning at end of furrow.
JOB PRINTING
All kind# of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly at vended to.
Our First Shipments consist of.........
New Dimity Muslins : Fancy Spots, Plain, Fancy Stripes (silk effects); Organdies and Plain Lawns.
New Mercerized Sateens, Fancy Japanese Silks, and Beautiful Delaines in stripes and checks, for Spring Blouses ; new Laces and Embroideries.
New Lace Curtains and Netting.
Zephyrs, Prints and Ginghams are here in abundance
See our Fine Mercerized Sateen Underskirts with deep accordeon-plaited frill.—Splendid value at $1.50 and $1.90.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWYILLB, - - QUE.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
F. M. A. McNaughton,
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
Graduate op McGill UîfrrfwrrT*
Office—Residence of the late Dr. H. H Knox, Shaw ville.
Office hour»—Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoon».
A. smiley.
J. F. Gronaus,
Ladysmith
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria Uuircrsity, Toronto. Fallow by examination of Trinity Mad. College, Toronto, omci AND Rmidsmci : J. H Awurraoaw'a Hoorn,
8UAWYILLB.
• s
District and Country.
MAIN STRRBT

Petorboro is to have a new $40,000 drill shed.
Mr. Thomas Parks was found dead in bed at Maxwell
The new Japanese alliance is approved throughout Australia.
Six assay offices in the Cripple Creek district of Cvlorsda were blown up.
D. Reid, hotelkeeper, of Dundald, committed auicide by cutting his throat with a penknife.
Wm. J. Kerr wus sentenced to six months in the Central for setting fire to the police cells of Brockville.
Ernest Ryin, while working in a nail factory at Gananoque, had his left hand cut off with one of the machines.
LEGAL.
B0URBEAÜ RAINVILLE, L. L, L
I
I
There is no other Store within your reach where you can choose from so many Patters, Colorings and Fabrics as here.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
Headquarters for
UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, &c.,
Hoorn ‘JO, Trust Building, No. 4S Sparks
St., Ottawa, Out.
At Skawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
¦vnee—over O. F. Hodglus' Store, Miln St.
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
G.F.HODGINS.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
OF THK ritoVINCK OF QUKUKC ,
Trust Buijg g*^.s gtrwt, Ottawa.
John C. Nag’e, of the Muncey road, Candoc, was struck and killed by a falling tree.
James Munro, a miner, was killed by explosion of dynamite at Waverly
Phone No. 1384.
A tends courts of Ottawa ami PonN t Districts.
The MoPherion Frogjsnd Switch Com- ? Ottawa, March 8—Supplementary es-pany*s bonus by law was carried at Nia- timatee for the current year were tabled
1 in the House today, aggregating $7,358, m. added to tbs $^324,740 voted liât
sew-.r).; TKÎtwaleeatottf approwetima fee the present year #f	TM
chief item is one of $3î>8/Wïirexp*nes in connection with the wyÜ fiwit last antenna Last session |11P0 for this purpose, which ' makes the ex penditure $478,000.
The Georgian Bay Canal project discussed by the Dominion Boaid of Trade, in session at Ottawa last week.
The subject was introdeed by Mr. A,
Foster of Pembroke, who pointed oat the canal would be the shortest route between the Great Lakes and ocean the railways aie not able to handle the immense traffic which is every year going greater, and not only is there this business but there are mineral reeouraes along the route of the proposed canal which only .need such a waterway to open thorn up and there are also great waterfalls which can furnish power to mills which will give employment to thousands of men. It is not a mere sectional proposal but one of interest to the whole Dominion and should he looked at in a bread light. Mr.
R. W. Elliott, of Toronto, opposed the project on the ground that the tendancy nowadays is to secure cheaper railway rates, and preferable to have all rail routes than to be dependent a poo a system which was closed up for half the year.
Mr. Andrew Holland, supported Mr.
Foster, but it was decided not to have a division on the subject; decision was deferred for a year.
Family of 10 Burned to Death
At the town of Matane in this Province Sunday morning last, a woman of the
____Bouchard with her family of nine
children, ware burned to death, her husband alone escaping by jumping from a published* window. The family occupied the ae tbs Chcjrfia
cond floor of aframs building, the ground Uniœ ; a series of sermons on the floor of which was used as a grocery flayer book ; a work on Deugn and where the fire originated. The nine Darwinism ; a monograph in oonneotisn children ranged in age from l*fc> 2 ye** with the Higher Criticism ; ¦ review of
.	—	* Plymouth Bret he reman». fhs newly-
_e ‘	e i elected coadjutor bishop was one of the
Coadjutor Biahop Carmichael. | foao(jera of the Citizens' League, uf
Montreal ; is a director of the Protestant Hospital for the Insane, and a member of the Committee of Management of the Church Home. In 181)5 he was chosen, with others, by the General Synod of Canada to convey the greetings of the Canadian Church to her American sister.
an
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
.. LADYSMITH.
3
Mtnr, ...	_ „
flEWWHiiSBeesis
the WUr.
Petitions hare been filed protesting the election of E. Gus Porter, Conserva tiue member far West Hastings; Archibald Campbell, Liberal, West York, and Melzar Avery, Conservative, in Addington.
That man who cuts down his advertising because business is not up to expectations is like the man who refuses to fertilize hie fields because last year s crop was light. Such misdirected sav ings strikes at the very root which produces increase.
Hong Lee, a Kingston Chinese laun-dryman, who wants to see Queen’s L Diversity prosper, has given $100 towards the erection of the Grant Hall in connection with that institution. A year ago Hong Leo gave $50 to a scholarship.
ARTHUR McCWEELL, I. C. L,
J. P. QB0NAÏÏ • •
ADVOCATE. Ac.,
A de; nation of woollen manufeeore QI K. - interviewed the government and asked for an increase in tariff. 1 »M
Mr. Toombs, the defeated Conservative candidate, siys the election of Mr. Stewart Libera', in Lisgar, will be protested.
A gaioline explosion in the Mitchell Advocate office caused a fire that did $2,000 damage. Two cr three of the employees were injured.
Dr. Harold Jones, of Brockville, in charge of the isolation hospital is down with smallpox, contracted by occupying the same room with a boy patient.
Premier B as has decided be grant the request of the prohibitionate to have the vote take place on the day of the municipal elections. No other changes in the bill will be made,
An anaesthetic called acoine has been discovered at Parle, which is destined to oust cocaine, morphine cr chloral, as it hi s the great advantage of uot being
toxic.
Mr. E. W. Cleverly, former bookkeeper for Messrs. Htndric <& Co., Las returned to Hamilton. He says the amount of his shortage was not as Urge as $1,750, ae stated.
LAW CHAMBERS j JfuU
i
‘JOSEPH BODGBBS’
IV

was
t/£
dent»

4l
ortA*$
W. W. IRELAND,
Genuine Pocket Knives
rta

Clerk of the District M»glstr»t»«' Court.
Deeds
MoTSSTe".e\«»MSur.r-d -U-
factor ily.
Cast Steel to the backcone, inch handle. Price 25 cents ; postage 5 cents.
Write far Catalogue of other sixes.
McDOUŒALL & CUSNEE,
Hardware Merchants, • * * Sussex St. Ottawa.
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
S. A. MAC KAY, B.C.L.,
MONEY TO LOAN ON KASY TRRM9. BRYSON, - - QUB.
Will be in Shawvllle on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
The annual report of the Registrar General of the Province state» that the total births recorded in Ontario In 1900 were 46,127, as compared with 44,705 in 1899, showing an increase of 1,422, and giving a rate of 19.8 oe the estimated population of 1900, or of 21.1 on the actual population of the census of March 31,1901.
The bullet which Charles Bourk, of Depot Habor, fired into himself a few days ago, was taken from beneath his knee cap by Dis Echlin and Webster in the Protestant Hospital, Ottawa. Dr. O'Gorman, of Depot Harbor, assisted at the operation. The bullet was located by means of X rays.
Rev. D. Laing, Presbyterian minister of Dondas, died in the General hospital, Toronto, where, he was taken for an operation, which was performed in conection with some kidney trouble. The »hock wat to much and desth resulted#^ Ths deceased was 70 years of age and is survived by a wife and family.
Ottawa, March 7.—At the weekly parade of the 43id Ottawa mad Carleton Rifles the official announcement of the change in name from 4'lrd Ottawa and Carleton Rifles to the 43rd Duke of Cornwall's Own was made. The Prince of Wales has consented to tike the position of honorary colonel. The change of was at the suggestion of the Prince, who was much pleased with the appearance of
the regiment.
Seventy-five acres of land at Norway Bay, on Chats Lake opposite Sand Point, has been bought by the Canadian Bib e Institute, of which the Rev. J. A. Mac Parlant is the moving spirit, and permanent buildings are to bo put up for the accomodation of those who will attend the summer school course in bibl* study. The sim of Mr. MscFarl.ne the founder of the institute and the promoter of the summer school, is to make Norway Bay a popular summer resort, where j p e may seek rest, recreation and spend some
time in bible study.
Sold by All Newsdealers
He was appointed a canon of the HaraiS ton Cathedral, 1880, and Dean of Montreal in 1883. He was made a D. C. L of Lennoxville in 1885, and of Trinity College, Toronto in 1893. He has been nominated for a bishopric upon several occasions. His name was voted upon for the Bishopric of Niagara, in 1885, for the Bishopric of Niagara 1890, for the Bishopric of Columbia, and for the new Bishopric of Ottawa in the same year, has lectured for ten years on Apologetics, and Patristics in the Diocesan College. He has twice occupied the office of president of the Montreal Microscopical Society, and twfce that of president of the NaturalHi*$(*f""&*iety. He has
volume of sermons following
isn year ; s
PEP
J. J. TURNER,
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
MS®
e: Office : Shawvllle, Qua.
V'
ian o>
like

i


Miss Mona McCrea, of Renfrew, was the winner of a $125 town lot in Mettait the drawing on behalf of the Pembroke General Hospital.
Deod, of Renfrew,won a $10 drawn wor
tea cloth. .
month, a hand tor tale
He
Fwrnleh.a Monthly to all lover, of Son* and Music a v*et volume of H«w# Choice
half Vocal, half Instrumental—s« Complete Pieces for Plamo-Once a Month for as Cents. Yearly Subscription. Ss.oo. Ifyoe will send ua the name and address of rive performer, on the Piano or Organ. we will send you a copy of the Magazine Free.
J. W. PIMM, Publisher, eighth a Locust Sts., Philadelphia
wa
HOTELS.
Mrs Ma
7
St. Lawrence Hail,
on
name
Dr. Seward Webb hss purchased four bay horses from Lord Minto. They are the horses especially eecured for the royal carriage used during the visit of the prince and princess of Wales. They were bred at the stock farm of Robert Beith, M.P., Bomanville.
Mrs C M. McLean,
¦I	FroprU
Good Accommodation ways well furnished.
FiaaT-CLA.se Liveav Attached
book on Church
,Pa.
Table and Bar al-
Sucked out the Vaccine Virus, and took Smallpox.
Gravesend, Eng , March 1.—Captain Toozes, of the S. 8. Anglian, from Bos ton, has been fined £3 3s and assessed £5 17s 6d costs for not notifying the authorities of two cases of smallpox among those cn board. These two had been vaccinated with the others before leaving Boston, but had sacked the virus from their arms. They were the only ones attacked with the disease.
The Way It la.
Hon. F. R. Latch ford says the Ottawa board of trade endorses him action in booming the selection of the North Bay route and sacrificing the trad»of the Capital and of the Ottawa Valley towns with the Tem-iscamingue district in favor of Toronto. If Mr. Latchford does not misrepresent the business interests of Ottawa, then the Ottawa board of trade is one of the moat purely philanthropic institutions . .
I in oar midst,—Ottawa Citixen.
So many vans have been burned op and otherwise disabled during the winter that the C. P. R. are forced to reaort to second- c’aea coaches. The power is also short, and men, too. The winter has been one of unexampled affliction to our great Imperial highway.
There were resident in the Brcckville insane asylum at the beginning of the year patients, 299 of whom were males 271 females. During the year 53 males and 42 females were admitted, 65 of the number directly from their homes by medical certificate and 30 by lieutenant governor’s warrant.
A memorial is to be presented by 70 municipalities, including most of the principal cities of Canada, asking parliament to pass no further legislation infringing the control of streets vested in municipalities and asking that retroactive legislation be introduced. The Bell Telephone company, through its franchise will expire next year, still claims the right to use the streets of the cities and towns indefinitely.

The new bishop coadjutor-elect is the @@@ond non of the late James Carmichael, Clerk of the Crown, county of Tipperary, Ireland, and was born and partly educated in Dublin. Coming to Canada in company with Bishops Sullivan and Dumoulin, he was ordained by the Bishop of Huron in 1859 and appointed to the mission—afterwards the rectoiy—of Clinton. Cot., He became assist ant minister cf St. George a Montreal, in 1868, laboring in the held very acceptably for ten years, when he Wiia called to Hamilton t? accept the rectorship of the Churoh of the Ascension in that city. From that position he was chosen, in 1882, to succeed Dr. Sullivan •s rector of St. George's his old pariah in this city. He has since remained in this city, lu 1892 he became Prolocutor cf the Provincial Synod, and in 1893, at the first session of the General Anglican Synod, of the whole Dominion, he also re ceived the appointment of Prolocutor.
PUCTIOAI*
WATCHMAKER
asm#
JEWELLER
KEIM
A SELECT STOCK Of
watches,
CLOCKS. JgWBLLERT,
SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.
nemo
579

and
The cost of the king's coronation as represented in the civil service estimates ia £1,000,000. This may inc’ude the expense of two processions and the h Iterations in theabbey.but obviouslydoee not cover the entertainment of the guest¦ by the crown and the special embassies of the colonies and various powers.
It ia stated that the report of the Chinese Commission recommends an increase of poll tax on Chinese enter ing British Columbia from $100 to $306 with a further increase of $300 at the
end of two years.
¦m


it


% :

%

/A -,

I


»ia
y X»
a SreciALiTTi
SBAfULLE, 6.
we have
SSK5SS5
and dieiMn Regina hoepitil.
a
###PAGE###6###


» 1
HAUKS IN THE WOOD
HOPE FOB CONSUMPTIVE?,
G/uunu J*46*1/ A<v 14
* * • a • y	tv
SlfflUCHT SORP
story of
From Sweden comet* two little girls, who, returning homo during a violent snowstorm, become
For three weeks in-
HOW THE RAVAGES OF THIS SCOURGE MAY BE STAYED.
lost in a wood defatigablo search by the entire population of their village failed to trace them; but at the end of that time the children were found, frozen fast to the ground, but still alive. After wandering In the storm they lmd fallen exhausted under a big Hr and awoke to find their feet so
not stand.

Two washings entail less cost for the same result than one washing with impure soap.
REDUCES EXPENSE
V V . 0 9 Q WÜ1 bo P&M by LJVEJt BROTHERS LIMITED, Toronto q " -to any person who can prove that this soap contains a
Kewarti anI form adulteration, or any injurious chemicals. /
4/n/
Statistics Prove That More Deaths Occur From Consumption Than From All Other Contagious Diseases Combined—How Best to Combat the Disease.
M /un{/ *mrvr' Jvcbr M&fo;
ï/uOm/Jv Au/U>	jttviriiïl/
ASK FOR THR OCTAtiOH BAR
*3
t ree*
frost-bitten they could
Lifo was sustained by the extra
clothing they wore «nul a basket of
provisions they curried, but when
I found
consumption
Thu ravages olwM throughout Canada is something &;»-
in the province of Ontario,	. .	,	.	v .
statistic» ot deaths Horn all though lie found plenty of scrub and
sumo animals that wore new to
science. No part of this region had previously boon seen by u white
TALKING BUSINESS
the west for nearly 1,200 miles without seeing an aero of grass land.
A good advertisement is a good salesman
hand and presents it to a largo audience, explaining the merits of a given article to many |>eoplo over a given territory. If the advertisement is well prepared, it will be logical, consecutive, complete, and will not only attract the attention of the prospective customer, but hold that attention through the entire reading of the advertisement and in the end
convince the reader of the merit of	Tfta ie
the article offered. If the sale is lost Ceylon 1 63 L, tHO TIHCSl
for to-tlay, no doubt the results will y @@ thO WOfld OPOdUCCSp he good for some future purchases.
The best way to make these ndvcv- Bfid IS SOltV Ollly 111 103(3 i isemcnta talk bRsIww is to put
business ideas into what is said and the manner of saying it.
pulling w here
taken to the hospital it was necesftnry to amputate their feet
It takes the subject in
are caret ally kept, it . is shown that L2.2SO of the deaths oc-
duiing the year l VO l were to consumption, or about 40 per more than the number of deaths
ses
IP YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR YOUR
Butter, Eggs, Poultry, Apples Produce
CONSIGN THH!M TO THR
DAWSON COMMISSION CO., Limited, TORONTO
OorreBpondonce Solicited.
cun ng due cu.u l
occurring from all other contagious diseases combined. These figures are startling and show the urgent necessity tor taking every available means for combating a disease that yearly claims so many victims. '1 hv time to cure consumption is not after the lungs are hopelessly involved and the doctors have given up hope Taken in its early stages, consumption is curable. Consumption is a wasting disease of the lungs and at the earliest symptom of lung trouble steps should be taken to arrest the waste and thus stop the disease. Gonsnuqr-tion preys upon weakness. Strength is t!iu best measure of safety. l<r. Williams’ Tink fills are the best tonic a ml strength builder known to medical science. The record of this medicine speaks for itself and proves conclusively that taken when the symptoms of consumption develop they build up, strengthen and invigorate the patient to a point where disease disappears. In proof of this take the case of 11 dege St. George, of St. Jerome, Que., who savs:— "About a year ago 1 became greatly run down. I lost color, suffered constantly from headaches and pains in the sides; my appetite left me. and 1 became very weak. Then I was attacked by a cough, and was told that 1 was in consumption. The doctor ordered me to the 1 .mirentian Mountains in the hope that the change of air would benefit me. 1 remained there for some time, but did not improve, and returned home feeling that I had not much longer to live. Î then decided to use Hr. Williams’ Pink Pills. After using several bottles my appetite began to return, and this seemed to mark the change which brought about my recovery, for with the improved appetite came gradual but surely increasing strength. 1 continued the use of the pills, and daily felt the weakness that, had threatened to end my life disappear, until finally 1 was again enjoying good health, and now, as j those who know me can see. 1 show
I
man.
When Eyre had advanced 600 miles through this desert two of the black inch killed his only white companion and lied, leaving Eyre and three other natives to struggle on almost without supplies for 600 miles to King George Sound, where, after incredible hardship#, the little party arrived in the spring of 1841, having crossed the entire southern part of the Australian desert. Here Eyro was picked up by a Trench whaler that was cruising along the coast and taken lack to Adelaide.
The published account of Eyre’s great, journey, which revealed to the world the nature of the larger part of the south const of the continent, elicited world-wide interest, and the explorer received the Founders* Medal of the Royal Geographical Sociotv in 1843.
s

packets.
Black, Mixed and Green.
lean te.i di inkin try "SUad&" Greco U».
2RJ million quarters—that is, ono-third of tho whole surplus of the world’s wheat—la required by Great Britain and Ireland.
—4------
A TRYING SEASON.
TME FROST STEEL GATE tSTssf “dJjf
Handle a large number of them yearly. If we are not represented in your district, write us about the agency. One agent in each locality.	e
Writ• for Catalog•
“They toll mo, Boomly, that Ral-pliy is a friend in lived
ways In need, and he never has any hesitancy in telling me so
You are to
Yes. lie's al
# 9
THE FROST WIRE FENCE CO. LTD., WELLAND, ONT
Little Ones Are Subject to Colds and the Result is Dangerous Unless Prompt Remedial Steps Are Taken.
THE LAND OF TIPS
CALIFORNIA - OREGON EXCURSIONS.
Every day in the year. The Chicago, Union Pacific & Northwestern Line runs through first-class Pullman and tourist sleeping cars to points in California and Oregon daily. Personally conducted excursions from Chicago to San Francisco, Los Angeles and Portland, leaving Chicago on Tuesdays and Thursdays. Lowest rates. | Shortest time on the rond
ticket agent, or write II. H. Bennett 2 King street east, Toronto, Ont.
EDDY’S
TELEGRAPH
TELEPHONE
PARLOR
Switzerland Has the Lend, and No Other Country is a Good
Second.
The little ones are apt to take
“As to the tip system abroad," mother may try to prevent it. While says a gentleman who has travelled colds may niToct children in different all over Europe, “it isn’t so bad out- ways, the main symptoms usually side of Switzerland. There every out- are that the child grows cross, the aider is expected to come down with skin hot, the appetite tickle and the a tip to everybody connected with child quite levuribli. Unless some-the hotel, and sometimes to the town thing is done at once to relievo a ofiicials as well. 1 was passed along simple cold, the result is often very the lines as a soft mark, and at l ha- serious—so serious that many a niouni, when I got ready to leave the child's life has been lost. There is territory, a last grab was made at no remedy that can equal Baby’s me. 1 had feed the chambermaid, Own Tablets in cases of this kind, the waiter, the porter, the boot- These tablets promptly break up black, the cook, the omnibus driver, colds and carry oil the poisonous the mail carrier and all the bell-toys matter that has been retained in the when the landlord approached and in- system. By doing that they reduce timated that he had been left out in tiio fever; the pulse becomes normal;
W/ÈÊÊtÊÊÊÊÊEÊKÊlÊEIÊÊÊ
But I was your guest.’ I pro- child is again well and happy.
Mrs.	Brock ville, Ont.,
“ ’That is true/ he replied, 'hut, says :—"1 always use Baby’s Own if you will remember, l received you Tablets for both my children, aged with three distinct hows, where only three and five years, when they arc one is required by custom. It is two nt all unwell. When , my little girl bows extra, monsieur.'	was a few months old, sho had a bad
"I paid 10 cents tmicrc for the ex- nltack o( whooping cough, and I
found the tablets very beneficial,
USE
Every Stick
MATCHES
A Match
Finest
Inquire of your nearest
Every Match—
A “ Lighter "
Married constables of the London police force receive 40 pounds of coal a week all the year round.
SALESMEN WANTED
Beet forupreftuul »lr epraver rafkle machine free.—OAVERS BROS., Celt, Ont
“ÀUTOSPBÀY”
W Ie C 1118
M*l»« tbr CoiiRli and work* off llie Cold.
Laxn'lve Promo-Quin in o Tablet* cure a cold In one da/. No cure, No Pa/. Price 25 cent*
FOR
r
. Sample
the cold
THE M°3T POPULAR DENTIFRICE.
tested
VvVH )l ) A Vu m < ). I M< « î 1M V(.
I I lost X I M. i'<»
:f!<W4)xU/V	' '•!?! I I lOlMtVIO
P
o
In 1821, 32 of every 100 Britons
To-day the proportion
were Irish is less than 11 per cent
Mliiard's Linimmi tares tele's, etc
Preserves the teeth. Sweetens the breath,
Strengthens the gume
Nearly half—to be exact, 1,990 out ¦¦¦of 4,040—of the	in Swiss
The new motor fire-engines used in I Universities are foreigners.
Paris weigh 2$ tons each, and travel 25 miles an hour. The pumps dcliv-lfl cr 200 gallons a minute
no trace of the illness I passed through. I believe Dr. Williams* Fink Pills saved my life, and I hope my statement will induce similar sufferers to try them.
These pills arc also a certain cure for the after effects of la grippe and pneumonia, which frequently develops into consumption. Through their
blood-renewing, strengthening qualities they also cure anaemia, heart troubles. neuralgia, rheumatism, stomach troubles kidney and liver ailments nnd the functional weaknesses that make the lives of so many women a source of constant misery. There arc many imitations of this medicine and the health seeker should protect himself bv secine that the full name, “Dr. Williams* Pink Pills for Pale People/* is every box.. Sold by all dealers in medicine or sent post paid at 150 cents a box or six boxes for 82.50 by addressing the Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Brockville Ont.
ira hows, and was stopped* by a little old man who introduced himself j *SllKV	ihno * always keep them
as the coroner of the canton.	*n *10UF0 rondy for use
“ 'But where do you conic in?* I tho children are troubled with bili-
dcrungemont of
nard’s Liniment Cures Distemper
With a population of 4.780,000,	1
Jmmm'luSSTuSm
country with more horses than peo- Lowest pi lefe ever quoted. FI? e catalogue,
500illufttnMlone,mailed free. Wr tea*for ad/*-
thing in Voile er IlnMeal Instrument'.
When
il
the
ousness, any
•••Had monsieur met with a fatal I stomach, are peevish or fretful, or fall on the mountain, I should have w*ien 1	e a cold, 1 always use
hold the inquest/ he repl*H.	1 the tnb,ct9' nnd nm always pleased
“I gave him a franc for not hold-	tllv results,
ing an inquest on me, and his clerk i * i'eso tablets arc a certain cure for then stepped forward nnd said:	such troubles as colic, sour stomach,
** And bad there been an inquest I indigestion, dianhocn, constipation,
simple fever and colds. They pre-
nsked
-+
Monkey Brand cleans and brightens everything, but won’t wash clothes.
Before becoming a policeman in Vienna a man must be able to swim, row, and send a telegraphic message.
pie
WflâLEY ROYCE & CO., Limited.
For Over Sixty Year*
Ma*. Wmilow's Soothing Svbuf has ba«a uied hy milllone of mothers for their children while teething. 11 soothes the child, uiftvm th -rums, al ays yam, cutes wind colic, regulates the •!orriech and bowel*, au<l is tho h*«t remedy for Diarrhoea Twenty fire cents a botUe.
He—"I've got S10.000 a year, nnd |	‘“J
you can surely live on that ?" She—
“Oh, yes—I can. But I shouldn't like to see you starve."
should have had the pleasure of
writing to monsieur's relatives that vv,lt crouP nll<* *aV 1bc irritation he wits dead.'	accompanying the cutting of teeth.
“I handed him the same amount ^ *1C-V urc S°M under an absolute for his loss of pleasure," continued manioc to contain no opiate or the tourist, “and then asked if there utllPr harmful drug. May he had was nnvbodv else in Chaînon ni who hom druggists or will he. sent poet-hod it claim on me.	Pa,d	cents a box by address-
“ 1 he police have not arrested	^r* Ilhams Medicine ( u.,
you,' suggested the landlord.	Brockxille, Ont.
“ 'All right—here's n tip for them.
, ! Anyone else?’
Toronto, Out, and Winnipeg. Man
mom's hum cures Gartjei in cows
FEATHER DYEING
Cleaning end Curling and Kid G tom cleaned. These can be seal by post, leper ox. the best place Is
Susie—“Papa, what makes a man
always give a woman a diamond on- BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO. gagement ring ?" Her Father—“Tho Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec, woman."	------------------------------
on
Dominion Line Steamships
Monties! to Liverpool Boston to Liverpool. Portland to Liverpool Via Queens-
Large anil PaitSteemahifa. Superior accommodation tor all sUse^s oi pa-eengera. Saloons and Staterooms are amidships, fipeuai -nanties has bem then to tbs Second Saloon and Third-Class accomuiu\tioo Pot
EUROPEAN OSTRICH FARMS.
A new industry has made its appearance on the Riviera. It consists in establishing ostrich farms at suitable spots along the Littoral, where birds imported from California nnd Africa arc to be reared. There are at present in Nice two experienced ostrich farmers, both of whom are convinced that the Riviera, with its usually dry, equable climate, is the place of all others to bring the ostrich to early maturity and perfect plumage. In Paris at the present moment, tho first consignment of feathers from Nice is in the hands of n lending firm of dyers and dressers.
Mild's Liniment Cures Diphtf.eria
“ 'My nightwutclimun did not let the hotel take fire.'
“ 'All right, again.’
“ ‘And my wife, monsieur.'
“ Well, what of your wife?’
" ‘She has presented me with a son during your stay in my house ' “ 'And what have I got to do with
The Publisher of the Best Farmer's paper in the Maritime Provinces in writing to us states:
I would snv that I do not know of a medicine that has stood the test of time like MINARD’S LINIMENT. If has been an unfailing remedy in ou household ever since I can remember, and has outlived dozens of would bo competitors and imitations.
PIONEER EXPLORER DEAD
May—“Charley Stubtoo is a good dancer in hifl way." Sue—“Yes, and in everybody else’s way."
•I the
Riefctrd*. Mills A Oo, Î7 Stele Sk.Bei
Mr. Eyre Made a Famous Journey in the Australian Desert.
Tho name of John Edward Eyre will always be connected with the history of Australian exploration.
It was sixty years ago that he pushed i111 (' the unknown Southern part of Australia; the work he did gained for her. and then, as they could think the highest recognition from geo- of nothing else, I went down nnd graphers. One of the largest lakes I tipped all the railway officials nnd in Australia bears his name. He has | finally got out of the country." passt d away in England at an advanced age after serving his country in various important positions in the colonies for many years.
Eyre went to Australia in 1832, when only 17 years old. to seek his fortune in sheep farming. Four years after his arrival the colony of South Australia was founded, and a little
D. Torrseew A <7*. Monirew ted PertisnA
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh
that contain Mercury	#*UMDRCn Iflâllfitt
a* mercury will r-nrely destroy the sense of Ullftl ¦ CM FlMlil/Ve smell and completely dtrange the whole ay-tern
, RubTw|th Cl,e*dln« «*"•-
prescription* from reputable physicians, a* Ihe IflX* TWO Of 111189 8PPll0*tl0fl8
fSRZfaU"!	I win cure the worst oaoe.
Cure, manufactured by F.J. Cheney 8c Co . Toledo, 0., contain* no mercury, and l* taken Internally, acting directly upon the blood and mucou* nurfnee* of the Bystem. In buying * Catarrh Cure be sure you get the genu fno. It is tiken intomnliy.and made in Tolodo Ohio, by F. J. Cheney 8c Co. Testimonial* free.
field by Druggists, price 75c per bottle.
Hall'* Family Pill* are the beet.
South Africa has ostrich farms containing over 300,000 birds.
that?'
“ 'Why monsieur, is it not worth a little fee that she did not present mo with two sons at the same time?'
“I thought it was nnd left n franc
Large Boxes 2So. Druggists, or CULMINE CO., Toronto.
Mistress—"I am not quite satisfied with your references." Applicant— "Naytlier am I mum ; Lut they's the best 1 could get."
HaU
OSHAWA MIRACLE
IS EXPLAINED

| SYSTEMATIC MCj!
j Safe Saving
l Successful JJaving |
LOW SETTLERS RATES.
During March and April, 1902 the Northern l'avilie will sell ONE WAY SECOND CLASS SETTLERS' tickets from eastern terminal points—St. Paul, Minneapolis, Ashland, Duluth, and the Superiors—at greatly reduced rates to nearly all points on its main line, branches and connecting lines, west of North Dakota. These tickets to Northern Pacific points will bo good for stopover west of IIopc, Idaho.
For example the rate to Portland . and North Pacific const common XX points will bo 825. For further dctailed information about these rates ^ call upon or write to Wm. G. Mason, D P A. Nor. l ac. IVy, 215 FJliroLl Square, Buffalo, N Y . or address C'hne
Agent, Nor. Pac. R’y, St. Paul, Min For those who have not yet nr % I ranged to buy homes in the North ¥ ' west this is a rare opportunity to g< out to Montana, Idaho, Washingtoi nnd Oregon and look over the coun try. The good lands arc being rn pidly sold and the country an. towns are prosperous and growing Ranch lands, farm lands, fruit lands timber lands are all to be found. Ii
seulement that has developed into __	n	i	n	r
ïf1I to a Bemartalle Case of
Paralysis Was Cured
THE MOST INTERESTING
MAN IN CANADA.
Joseph Brown Attracts Attention of Physicians, Scientists and Sick People.
MANY ADVANTAGES OVER OTHER LINES.
That the New York Central possesses great advantages over other lines cannot bo gainsaid, and they arc too numerous to enumerate, but a few of tho principal features are: the great train service (twaive express trains each way between Buffalo and New York), four tracks and the Grand Central Station tho only station in the city of New York.
This is the route of the famous Empire State Express.

..
along the lower courses of the great Australian rivers and of the new region around the Gulfs of St. Vincent and Spencer find revealed much land Well adapted for grazing- so sheep herders Ij;g;«n %o (lock in and Eyre was among them.
It was not long before the colonists began to talk of tho possibility that there might be wide tracts of pastoral lands beyond the inhospitable zone that bounds the Adelaide district on the north and west. Young Eyre decided to ascertain if this were so, for if such grazing lands existed the prospects of the colonists would be much improved.
lie went first to the north, in 1839, believing that the best results would probably be found there. On this expedition he discovered the
FLINDERS MOUNTAIN RANGE I

I
m
''A
. . Atvantageone facilities for the so . • cumulât on of ep tre auma of 91 00 *nd . * upward*, w th the regular addition of • • an oiP p$od«;oing interest wro afford*
•• ed by the Savings Deportment of ' '
t
if*
4&i
’’ THE CANADA PERMANENT I! and WESTERN CANADA X MORTGAGE CORPORATION ::
' Toronto Street, TORONTO | j
s
Gen. Pass & TUt
I CO
«.

From the Mail and Empire
i a'
Drown, whose case was fully reported in The Mail and Empire some days ago, seems to be the most talked-of arid written-about man in Canada. He is in receipt daily of
from
and the long, narrow Torrens Lake I minion. 1* by sic	s and scientists,
which extended further to the North | ns (Veil as sick people, write than he could see
ih>* wisbed-for ; i lands in this I lions i as l
direction was unsuccessful and so he | answers "I have given my sworn returned to the south coast
great deal of the dry area he saw has I Dodd’s Kidney Fills cured me, and since been made available for graz- | that after I had been partially para-ing by Irrigation
In the following year he started I four months, and given up by many from Adelaide on his great expedi- doctors.”
tion to the west in order to discover I Many people have been puzzled as the extent of the pastoral lands that to how a kidney medicine enn cure it was thought, might exist along paralysis. This is easily understood the shores of the Great. Australian I when it is remembered that the kidney poison, which is the direct result
Ont., Feb. 17.—Joseph
i
I
I
%
7

A

A
Pensions—The silver lining of war clouds.
150 Kinds for 20c.
zer*» vegetable and flower nib) more gardens ^0
fessas s:-iF ^
tSIgjPSt
w r
It Is Shirt that Sal #HNie are foun # and on more ^ln America.
Weown and operate over
Ta <TEK 4 COU» h OXE IMÎ.
you want to go where irrigation ren I dmmiVu Nfua/K^moue "ifttMMocate! dors you independent of rainfall oi | B. vvr. Grove's signature ie on each box. iio. H|KMM:comu along and wo can lb
brain 1 f»* «>*
Some
y
His search for | and many and often amusing ques-
To all Mr. Drown
JOSEPH BROWN
or this.
am* f

C
Seventy-five per cent, of all nervous diseases, paralysis nnd troubles,is directly caused by iweak kidneys, allowing violent poisons to escape through the system to derange and destroy.
Dodd's Kidney Pills, by correcting Fork. In Mon aim he Palouse ni*
Bend, Colville, Clearwater, Wnlln
Walla, nnd Yakima valleys in Idaho extract and expel the poisons, thus I P-nft Washington, 1 ho * Puget Soum removing tho cause of many of those nn(* British Columbia regions an | ¦	|	||	n<)t the Oregon country. It is a vas1
dio- empire where climate soil and other advantages make of it a favored land.
For every 100 deaths in rural dis-of the important valleys I Uriels of England there are 118 in reached by the Northern Pacific arc | town districts, the Yellowstone, Gallatin, Madison.
Peer Lodge, Bitter Root, and Clark
I
A statement, and it tells my story
HkMif ram* lewUee
M ¦ ¦¦¦&>< >¦ Afwt mm W—ri#.
•1 nnr*veslj UrseiifU Sewer
lyzed and unable to move for over
the most nutritious.
1
EPPS’S
l JOHN *. SALHR ICED CO
the action of the kidneys, encourage these natural filters of the blood to
F
grateful oomfortino.
COCOA
dangerous ailments, which are generally spoken of ?>•» kidney
t soul! of til- interior desert
< n this journey li • made the discov- I of kidney weakness, is most désira* cr.v that the desert extends to the tivc to all healthy tissues and nerve. ITe tr welled along the coast to *
(«'#)))
wit
u
coses
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.


c
•u a





###PAGE###7###

«
fierceness of the sun’s rays. A north window is not nul tod to the needs of flowering plants, but lotno which are grown solely for foliage can be kept there. Ferns, palms, aspidistra, ficus and lycopodiums will do quite well there as in a window exposed to the sun. English Ivy can be trained about ft
• an !-<- hung up in it and thus it can bo made beautiful without flowers if you have a love for ’’green things growing.”
One often sees weak, straggly plants in the sitting-room windows. They seem to have grown too rapidly to bo healthy. Two things combine to bring this about; lack of fresh air and too much heat.
If you want fine plants, you must give them plenty of air. They breathe as you do, and without fresh air they pine and become diseased, the same ns you would under similar
windows arranged in such a manner that It can be lowered at the top, thus lotting a stream of p ire air blow in over the plants. Opening doors from the hall, or some adjoining room into which air can bo admitted from without will let in a supply which your plants will fully appreciate. Never let a stream of cold air blow directly on them, however. Aim to have the cold air mix with the warm air of the room before it reaches them.
ESCAPES BARRED BY BOLD
ninety-five per cent, of the population, hold them in no abhorrence.
Nevertheless, .Sir William (at that time, Captain) Sleeman, who had niado a life-long study of the Thug and hie methods, was convinced that the plague could be stamped out it money enough were spout, and said as much to the Indian Government.
On the evening of May Oth, 1882, The answer he got was to go ahead was consummated the biggest politi- and spare no expense. This was in cal crime of last century, the assess- the autumn of 1828. By the spring ination, in the Phoenix Park, Bub- of next year, every ryot in every vil-lin, of Lord Frederick Cavendish, lage and hamlet throughout the coun-and Mr. Burke, the New Chief Secre- try knew that from $500 to $2,500 tary and the permanent Undvr-socre- could bo easily and safely earned by tary for Ireland.	simply discovering a Thug to the
WiUiin forty-eight hours tho city authorities, was placarded with proclamations, Now even tho former sum to the offering in tho aggregate a reward of average Hindoo peasant is wealth $80,000 for the apprehension of tho koyond the dreams of avarice. Nover-unknown murderers. $50,000 of this thcless, just at first, approvers were was Government money. Tho rest and far between, for the dread of was guaranteed by the municipality lh() terrible society and its vengeance of Dublin, and by private individuals. Wft8 uPon the land. But as soon as It was tho biggest sum that has became evident that the Govern-over been ofTerwl (or tho detection of «ont woe not only willing to (wy reepect 0, Loudon )l0t0|8 will be ex-any single oticnce, and tho temp ta- Wul1 for information, but was able ,wjcncc(|
tlon was great to those ‘ in tl,o ‘°	th« Informer, the spell ,, ho mclrppoljg ha8 expanded so
SSSSeE S3.SH
¦¦¦Be
former, Don Curley McCaffrey.	-4- bent.	at supper, and helped him to all tho
James Mullet, the chairman of the KNEW AND WAS NOT AFRAID. A striking development in travel is breast of the turkey and tho
Invincibles, and	other	prominent	- particularly noticeable in the in-	0f the jollies	and	cakes, and	tho
mmnbers of the	order	essayed to	Touching Incident Between	Motlnr	crease in the size and speed of the	black	grapes	and	the finest	pmo-
I quit Dublin, with the object of es-	and Daughter. '	ocean leviathans since 1897, the year apple, and pulled crackers with
liipsŒs
as. — -* HE" ™*-- - p—r" -
™. ....	«,	~tb or LAST year. 5
on walls began to realize that those had but a short time to live.	It is not easy to calculate how !um lt w‘,s ! 'C,	, !>, n 1 868
eighty thousand dollars were certain, It was questioned whether it would many passengers actually land in 1 ' amv '?	,.a.‘V	. ana 1
sooner or later,	to put a halter	he advisable to tell the sick	woman	this country from the United States	s. '	. .(S’ an, ,1	. I( ; 11 ,L	,	:c
round tho neck of such	of them as	or fl°t. They talked tho matter over	by the several routes, for tho only	w’ped	ms mou	i v.i	n he nuk	of	lus
were worth hanging. But they real- quite unmindful of little Edith, tho returns are those compiled in New h mf an<1 sa f '.. 1 aiV. "Ve ized, also, that they could do noth- five year old child of tho dying wo- York from tho records at that port.	'\°U ' A	>3 raM"^
ing. By night, as well as by day, maih who was quietly playing with But it may be taken that fully 130,- ma ' oo-oo-oo their every movement was watched, her dolls, apparently unconscious of 000 first and second cabin passengers Free men nominally, they were caged what was going on about her.	crossed the Atlantic to Europe lust
by golden bars, in a prison niado of tn a fcw minutes the little girl left year, and. though some of them went Jt would appear from a report by money; and there they remained, her toys, walked slowly up the stairs direct to the Continent the majority the British Vice-Consul that there is quaking and trembling, until on Janr and went directly to her mother’s disembarked at Liverpool, London, a great opening for British goods in uary 13th,	1883, the grand final room. With tho aid of n chair she Plymouth and Southampton, the rest Pemba, particularly in regard to the
coup was made, and twenty-six of climbed on the bed, kissed her moth- going to Cherbourg. Antwerp, lire- gaily colored cloths, locally known them were arrested at dead of night er B Palc cheek, and then asked, in men and Hamburg, or by the French a8 kangas. The trade is these goods in various parts of Dublin.	*°w> tender tones :	beats to Havre direct. Southamp- j3 at present wholly in the hands of
Just upon forty years ago, a spur-	‘'Mamma, are you Tald	to die ?”	ton is tho port used by the American	German nnd French firms in Zanzi-
lous Bank of England note, printed	rI,1° mother was at first startled by	line for outward and homeward	foar, The secret of success in the
on genuine paper, was presented for tho Question, and asked, “Who told boats, and by the two German lines kanga trade is to keep up a continu-payment at Thread need le street, and	y°u think—”	—tho Hamburg-Amcrican and the ni supply of novelties in the matter
was duly honored, tho fraud only be- ^ mamma, dear, murmured the North Berman Lloyd—for sailings Qf design and coloring. Zanzibar is ing detected when some time after-	“you needn’t bo 'Paid at all. westward. The homeward bound ex- the Paris of East Africa, and tho
wards the forged document cumo to	IIold mV hand tight ; shut	your eyes	press boats of both the German com-	Zanzibar belles arc admittedly “tho
be entered in the "cancelled ledger.”	close. I will stay by you,	and when	panics call, however, at Plymouth	glass of fashion.” To keep up t^eir
In city and banking circles tho you ^ake UB aduin will be all instead. Liverpool is the headquar- reputation for smart dressing involv-news caused the most profound con-	tors of the English lines— the White e3 tho frequent purchase of new kan-
sternation. Then, as now, tho paper	. 1 ll° c>’e9 w,‘re closed, the	hand	Star and the C'unard	together deal-	gaSi	0f	which	a	Zanzibar	girl	will
upon which Bank of England notes	^tfhtly clasped for a few minutes,	j»g with about 30,000	first-class pus-	possees	so	many	os	two	or	three
are engraved, was made at Laver- and whcn, a little later, the other sengers to America—and London is dozen sets at one time, stock, in Hampshire, the manufac-	members of the family entered	the	tho port selected by	the American
turo being surrounded with all kinds	100111 tho mothcr was Quietly	sleep-	transport Mne, which	carries about
ing, and the child said :	4.000 to New York annually Tho	m	,
I told mamma, and she	was	not	German steamers call at Cherbourg	,	* dicton—	someone	gaig
raid to die."	after touching at Plymouth, and lhe ^ad co"' . T T
The sick woman opened	her	eyes	American line boats at Cherbourg be-	know	wJlat Lo	do 1	11 ’
and said, ”Ycs, I know, and I	am	fore Southampton.	x on	Blumer	( ouldn	t >ou pass
¦¦¦
of trade; for each class of merchan- k lin< y 00 dise or artisan had its sepanae quarter. A noisy colony of brassworkers was succeeded by silent leather sewers or curtain makers. Turning a corner, we saw ahead many rods of red and yellow slippers, each pair thrown over a wire and swaying in tho wind, like two antagonistic cats suspended by their tails. The sharp-pointed, red Egyptian slippers could be bought as low as a shilling n pair, but the yellow Tunisian shoes commanded higher prices. Carpets and rug shops were everywhere.
Among this babel of trade, constantly passed tho water vendor and tho coffee maker. At a signal, the latter would stop and light his lamp mix the sugar and dust-like coffee in a small copper pot, heat and serve it, receive his pay and move on.
BRITAIN IS ALL READY
been to build larger and larger vessels, tho latest Orient butt# being tho twin screw Onir&b, 8,241 tune, and tho Ortonn, 7,945. ^ttiS Barger are tho White Star Media, Poreic and
their si* e, of 13,000 and 10,000
t one

i
! FOR ™ HOME,
ENORMOUS REWARDS OFFERED FOR CRIMINALS.
TRAVEL WILL BE MADY EASY FOR THE CORONATION.
1
#
i
Nor have these companies, with other English lines, tho monopoly to
Lloyd fiini i he French Messagerie* Maritimes have fine veers'a other parts of the Empire tho coronation is expected to attract British subjects, the West Indies having at command the Royal Mail services and from Jamaica the Elder-itemp*
fltor boats to Bristol
980,000 for the Apprehension of the Phoenix Park Murderers.
Recipes for the Kitchen. « hygiene and Other Notes 1 for the Housekeeper. !
Round Tour of Three Months Arranged so as to Give June in London.
%
e
Tradcscentia in baskets
Australia, as the German
;
From
Already tho coronation, writes a correspondent of tho London Dally Telegraph, is having its definite influence in turning toward this country tens of thousands of visitors from across tho seas, for, in order to secure passages to England in tho Spring, it is necessary to book berths
betimes by the steamers of the sever-	^	, ,	.	.	.
Enquiry in London dia- «r,ut mtmV officer, taking periodical
leave at the various West Indian sto-
mako their
TESTED RECIPES.
English Cream Cookies—One cup sour «ream, 2 cups sugar, 1 egg, 1 teaspeon soda. A llttlo spico of caraway. Flour to roll.
Vanilla Cako—Ono-half cup sugar, 4 eggs, 4 tablespoons sour cream, 1 teaspoon suit, 1 teaspoon cream tartar, i teaspoon soda, 1& cups flour and a llttlo vanilla. Bake in a quick ¦oven
Milk Rolls—Set a three-quart sponge, or straight dough, in the usual manner, adding and rubbing into tho flour twelve ounces lard. When the sponge In ready sprinkle on ;t three-quarters of an ounce of salt, work it In and knead iho dough down nice and fine, adding what flour may be needed to form a medium slack dough. Lot It prove up again, then scale off in flvo-cent pieces, mold thorn and roll about seven inches long. Set them on baking pans that havo sides to them, brush with a little hot butter between the sides and ends. Wash with milk, prove and bake to a nice color.
Cabbage and Bacon—Chop cabbage coarsely in the chopping tray and set away in cold water. Slice tho bacon in even slices. Put tho chopped cabbage in a kettle of boiling hot, bubbling water, which has a pinch of salt and one of soda. Boil without a cover, and it won't scent up the house. Now put the slices of bacon In a tin pie plate and set on the upper grate of the oven. In a little while turn over each slico. Don't let them burn. When tho cabbage is all cooked, just before serving drain onto a deep plate. Now pour over the cabbage the fat of le bacon. Arrange tho crisp slices around the platter.
Oatmeal Biscuits—Weigh out the following ingredients and put in a convenient place on the table, one and one-half pounds flour, two pounds granulated wheat meal, throe pounds fine oatmeal, ono pound su-
The latter newly-established lino has proved a success, the ships filling well
A
al lines
closes that tho holiday tin the	u ' i illllllllllllHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII I IIIIIIIIIII
all parts of tho British Empire and 1,0118 aro cxpoet,d to
also the United States will be ab- I 'I**. 101118 l,liH voa1t. normal; but there is no reason to ‘Sootlh Aflica everything depends up-anticipatc t liât a deficiency of accoro- on the course of t ho war. but the
modntion upon the steamships or in i ! nion" aH,I° i,n® ,H ful,y Prepared
for coronation visitors.
As regards
Always have your
DECEIVED.
her
mother's arms
» »
'Oh, I've been deceived, I've been You know that Mr. Lo\o-who cumo with the Tom-
laril
or
CARE OF THE FACE
Never, under any circumstances, use hard water for washing the face. Distilled water is best, and next to this comes pure, clean rain water. If neither of these can be obtained tne hard water must bo softened by artificial moans. The face should not bo washed more often than twice a day—In tho morning, and just before retiring. Soap should he used at least once a day, but in cases whore the skin is hypersensitive tho use of soap, even of the mildest kind, causes irritation; it may be cleansed by gently rubbing in a cold cream, and washing afterward with oatmeal water, made by pouring a pint of boiling water over a dessertspoonful of fine oatmeal tied in a piece of muslin. Allow tho water to become hike warm before using, occasionally squeezing tho muslin bag during tho cooling process.
Rough towels, vigorous rubbing of
the face, and, indeed, all rough frio-
k	. .	.	tion should be avoided. A little
gar*, one pound butter and lard, two good toilet cream should bo applied
6’mccs cream of tartar, one ounce aftcr drying. Take a very little on carbonate soda, on<vhalf ounce salt tho tips of tho lingers and rub gently and the required quantity of milk, until tho skin has absorbed the U i > the roda and « t eam through a then wipe tho face with a soft handle* sieve upon the meal, and mix kerchicf or towel and finally dust wdl with the hands. Rub the lard r|co powder lightly over the face. It and sugar into the meal, oatmeal ja quite a mistake to imagine that ami flour. Make a hay, pour in the powdor is Injurious to the skin. The milk,-form into a pliable dough and dust which accumulates on the face let it remain lor a short Limo. Roll w)ien travelling, or even when a day n part of tho dough out to one-quar- is spont jn crowded stores, is far ter inch thickness and cut out with a moro injurious to tho delicate skin three-inch square crinkled cutter, than a good face powder l’late on vviro or tins. Wash over 0Ver, there is any objection to the with milk and bake in a warm oven. powder a clean piece of chamois* Mother’s Meat Pie Almost every should bo carried in one’s purse.to man will like this. It is much bet- rufo lightly over the face when it is ter when eaten quite cold (not free- required, en), yet some prefer them hot. Lino a picplato with ordinary pie cruet, then take fresh sausage, a little less | JOHNNY'S than enough to fill your pie and add enough bread crumbs to finish the amount. Chop a small onion very fine, mix all together thoroughly, fill your pie, and cover with top crust.
Rake in a slowoven. If tho mixture seems dry, add water. If you wish to bake them quickly, fry your sausage and onion until nearly done, then add to pic after adding crumbs, and bftk<>.
an îm-
I sat next to him
best
wo
A HALTER OF $80,000
cream
ZANZIBAR BELLES
If. how-
LOGICAL CONCLUSION.
Little Johnny had been gazing thoughtfully at his book of animal pictures when he suddenly called out :
“Say, pa, does it cost much to feed a lion ?"
Yes.”
“How much ?"
Oh, a lot of money.M “A wolf would make a good meal for a lion, wouldn't it, pa ?”
“Yes, I guess so.”
“And a fox would be enough for water for half an hour, then lay in J thc wolf, wouldn’t it ?” cold water. When perfectly? cold, carefully break off tho shall, and cut	JUH
each egg in two a little nearer one | a hawk, ch pa ?” end than the other. Remove the yolks and turn tho smaller pieces of
thc white over for tho base of tho [ a sparrow ?” cup, removing a tiny portion from ««Qf course.” tho small end of it, so that the largo	"And a big	spider would be a good
portion of tho white will sit in it meal for tho	sparrow, wouldn't	it,
firmly. This will make a very neat pa ?_wouldn’t it, pa ?” little,egg cup. Mash the yolks fine, "Yes, yes.”
mix with a little chopped meat or	"And a fly	would be enough	for
chicken, season to taste, moisten | spider ?” with melted butter, form into little balls, and place ono in each cup.
Serve on small rounds of buttered | a|j the fly toast. These arc pretty to look at,	| 7»*
good to cat, and a novelty in many	"Oh,	stop	your	chatter.”
households.	“But wouldn’t it, pa ?”
Eggs with Cheese—Slice very hard- "Yes.” boiled eggs, and heat them in a “Well, pa, couldn't a man keep a nicely seasoned cream sauce. Just	ij0Il more’n	a	year	on	a	pint of mo-
beforo serving add 4 cup grated	masses	?”
cheese for each cup cream sauce, But just at this point it was di.*-pour over buttered toast, and serve | covered that it was time for little
Johnny to go to bed.
WHEN OTHERS FAILED
of safeguards and precautions the mills a messenger was dispatched post-haste. An investigation followed, and it was quickly discovered that some thousands of sheets, sufficient for tho printing of millions of dollars’ worth of notes were missing.
TWO FORGERS.
4 t
To
mo a and I didn’t
4 4
4 4
NICE WAYS WITH EGGS
Stuffed Eggs—Cook eggs iq boiling
ODD SHOPPING CUSTOMS
Yes, yes.”
And a fox could make a meal off
4 4
At once the directors offered a reward of $7,500 for tho detection of the thief or thieves, and this hqd thc effect of causing some of tho smartest intellects in England to bestir themselves in the matter. A stranger and his wife had, a short while prior to tho robbery, taken up their residence at Whitechurch, a few miles distant from Lavcrstock, and this fact coming to thc knowledge of tho detectives engaged on the case, caused them to make enquiries, with the result that the former was quickly identified as ,an ex-convict named Burnett.
More guarded inquiries, more secret shadowing, and Burnett was tracked to the shop pf one Bunchcr, a butcher in Strulton Ground, and tho latter, in his turn, was followed to a house in North Kent Terraco, New Cross, where resided a Mr. and Mrs. Campbell, with whom ho did business In exchanging the false notes.
The Bazaars of Cairo are Quite | London
Picturesque.
I suppose so.”
“And the hawk would be satisfied
i i
t •
“Sure
“And a drop of molasses would be
would want.
wouldn't
LEGISLATIVE BODIES.
The largest legislative body in the world is tho British House of Commons. which lu s a membership of 670
puties has a membership of 684; tho Italian Parliament 508; the Hungarian House of Representatives. 4 53; the Spanish Cortes, 431; the Austrian Reichsrath, 425, and the German Reichstag, the smallest of the European Parliaments, 397 present membership of the United States House of Representatives is 357.
The French Chamber of Ro-
bot
Devilled Eggs—Shave \ lb nice
Butter a shal-
By bribes and threats tho woman was induced to confess, and, acting on her information, tho officers of tho law proceeded to arrest both Buneher and a man named Griffiths, the latter being the actual engraver of the forged notes. Thc latter got penal servitude for life. Bunchcr's sentence being twenty-five, and Burnett's twenty years. In addition to the $7,500 reward^ paid for ,tho apprehension of these dangerous criminals, more than $25,000 was spent by tho bank officials in shadowing them to see that they did not escape while the necessary evidence to secure their conviction was accumulating.
Never, however, has the power of gold to bring even the most desperate criminals to justice been more strikingly exemplified than in the suppression of
nice cheese very fine low baking dish, spread the cheese in bottom	t
and sprinkle with salt and paprika, i There are twenty-eight pounds of Break „fl eggs, one al a t une. over , bjood jn the body of an average the cheese, being careful not to j grown-up person, and at each pulsa-break tho yolks. Into * cup cream I tion tjie heart moves 10 pounds.—It stir 1 teaspoon mixed mustard, and | .g a curjoug (act that a negro has pour over the eggs. Set in the oven inevcr been known to tame an deserve hot. phant or any kind of wild animal — Egg Cocktails—For each person to nice, raw eggs and venison are tho be served allow 4 teaspoon vinegar, easiest to digest. At the other end 6 drops of tabasco sauce. 1 teaspoon ! ot ^e gca.]@ are pork, cabbage and lemon juice, 4 teaspoon horseradish, hard-boiled eggs, which take four 4 teaspoon tomato sauce. Mix all hours to digest.—Antiseptic prepara-wcll together, add 1 beaten egg, and ^jons may bo easily forced into wood serve in a tall glass. This cocktail by causing them to follow the linos has become very popular as an appe- (aken by its sap, otherwise it is erf-tizer.	ceodingly difficult to fuPy impreg-
nate the wood with them.Vf all men, as a rule, have bodies out of proportion to their limbs; that is, __	smaller than they ought to be, with
mSM mv
day than they do after its raya bo- are unknown, conie more intense. A west window gives too much heat unless shade considerably, but *t is better than window at all, and if you have to give your plants, don t
A curtain of thin
THINGS TO KNOW.
The
BY TIIE SWIFTEST BOATS
Among the latest monsters are the White Star Company's Celtic. 20,880 tons, built in 1901, and 3.000 tons larger than tho Oceanic, which dates to 1899; the Hamburg—American's Deutschland, 16,500
POWER PLANTS FOR LONDON
until the whites ore firm
London, England, is planning to have the greatest power plant in the ¦ I	Htons, launched j world, and it is expected tho work
in the following year, and belonging will be begum before many months, to the North German Lloyd are the The power-house in to supply Kaiser Wilhelm der G rosse, 14,500 ren^ for the various underground tons, and the still larger and newer sy.stems. The structure will be sit-Kronprin* 15,000 tons. Some of these Uated in Chelsea, near the embnnk-vcsscls carry as many os six hundred ;mcllt, and close to Battersea bridge, first-class passengers. A whole fleot Sufficient power will bo generated of the modern ten thousand ton car- not only to supply thc underground go passenger bouts doing the jour- railways, but also* to feed the subur-noy in ten days, might be enurner- ;bnn services of tho trunk linos. One a ted, and by these will come tho interesting feature is that steam tur-morc leisurely holiday maker from bines instead of engines of tho ov-the States—an ever increasing class binary type are to be introduced, of summer traveller.	They will be larger than any (hit
From tho British colonies the indi- havo ever before been constructed, cations arc clear that a largo influx For a number of years tho largest of visitors will reach this country ships using the Suez Canal have sail- by the March and April sailings, Ined under the German flag ; further, deed, the Orient-Pacific boats from Germany has, on the average, larg- Australia are almost fully booked by er ships than England, for, while the ! intending passengers. In the spring, average size of the German vessels is po as to benefit by the English Rum-4,431 registered tons, the average ! mcr the home coining colonist is usai zo of British vessels is only 5,016 ually well represented, but he is like-Twenty years ago only fifteen ly to to n much more numerous class vessels passed tho Canal, this year.
number has reached On the Australian lines, as in thc
American services the l/mdenev has
cur-
ly INDOWS FOR PLANTS
Ebon E. Itexford writes that the beat exposure for house plants is a southern one, ern one. one
THUGGEE IN INDIA.
For centuries the Thug has been an established institution throughout tho peninsula; and tho best authorities, natives as well as British, wero agreed that him extinction would be a matter of impossibility.
Nor did there, to toll the truth, seem much hope of their being mistaken . The assassins formed practically one vast secret confederacy, with whom hiurder was not only an hopored and honorable profession, but a sacred religious duty. Moreover. their victims were almost invariably wealthy tnen quence being that the v.lio at that time, constituted fully
GERMAN AND ENGLISH
—+
few
Success is like a greasy pole That tall and tapering stands : And few—alas ! how very few !-< Succeed in crawling upward who Disdain to soil their hands.
isenses
They were at a fair, .before one of
which were watch-"Oh, George,” she
you have too many
¦
the tables, on charms for sale
buy me a line," said he,
charms already." Strange to she did not take his refusal amiss.
no
Of the 1,315 changes in weges of British workmen during 190tl 276 were increases. These changes affected 2$ millions of workmen.
no oth
go without them -M I I muslin will temper the heat greatly,
and rim# on bo trained over the glass in *ecfc a way as to break the
Eve-
tons German but now the
I 4

said,
l.-
the conse-lowor classes.
4 4
403,

###PAGE###8###

Splendid Chance
for Everybody!
E. HODCINS « sors A DVT.
Spring- 1902
You’d hardly think it, yet it is quite true that
tycCUIRE, THE TAILOR,
will make it interesting for
anyone in need of a suit or overcoat during January.
This great sale of Gloves, Mitts, Overshoes and Felt Goods offers rare money-saving opportunities.
We are Daily Receiving
New Goods.
«ni
mi
MM
i ii
If H
REMEMBER^B^
Only Two Weeks more and we will close Sale.
Delay is dangerous. Do not put off but come at once to
Our Prints
Muslins
»
P. S.—Fit gnaranted.
Store.
The Shawville
Boot
and Shoe
9
Ginghams
and Sateens
M. STEWART.
The Barondale Veterinary Njedicines.
Farm Help Warded.
selling goods to this corporation fyle their hills with the Secretary, W W Ireland, immediately after completion of much work or delivery of goods, as by so doing it will insure the more prompt settlement of their claims.—Carried.
Moved by Coun Shaw, sec by Coun Hodgina, that the bill of H S lUroetfc, amounting to $3.90, for auditing the Secretary 's books for 1900 and 1901 be !>nid, and also the bill of O Donaldson
,«• W.!*	the book,,or| The undersized Las for sale three
1901 bv paid.—Carried.	I llor*es-*two general use and one heavy
Moved by Coun Kades, sec by Coun I rirttft.	JERRY SHEA,
that the qMfttion	Calumet Island. Que.
What We Claim for our Cough and Distemper Cure.	11"* 1;kiJ ,)ver u,ltil uoU n,eetine
fiMilp-IS
Condition Powders and Anodyne Liniment.
For sale at—
0 Wears Bros’, Bryson ;
T. & D. Housssau's, Cêmpkêtk Bay ;
j. E Cahill’s, Calumet Island ;
Wanted, for general farm help, man ATO HOW ill StOCk Blld W6 WÜ1 h&V6 IHUCh OiOBBHFO
and wife without children. Permanent employment to suitable parties.
in shewing them.

•frr\
Horses for Sale.
We expect a large trade in Ladies’ Blouses. Our new stock ready for inspection.
After Using
Before Using
s
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN |pR|CEg AND QUALITIES
ALWAYS RIGHT.
A. Smiley, Mayor
-A N D—
BRISTOL COUNCIL
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION %YS.
J. F Cronau s, Ladysmith. Silas Young s, Starks Corners.
W. N. Lucas’, Caldwell
Wot. Moore's, Otter Lake ;
Minutes of regular session of the Municipal Council of the Township of Bristol, held in the Town Hall t n Wednesday the 3rd day of March. 1902. All	O. N. & W. RAILWAY.
poses the hall over his utore cn Main St. Moved by Coun Lucas, sec by Coun 1 rA‘° leaves Gracefield,Q., 6.20, A.M for the sum of $20.00 per annum, Taber, that the minutes as read be	“ arrives Ottawa. Ont., 9.4.», À.M
including the lighting and heating of adopted.
same be accepted; lease to date from the Moved by Coun Ireland, sec by Coun	p. p. J. RAILWAY
first of November, 1901, provided that Smiley, and resolved, that W H Lucas T . N , , Ottawa Mr G F Hodgina settle the four months be elected Mayor of this Municipality for *	\Vnin,fl .
rent due for the Orange Hall; further- the ensuing year.	„ . v «rives Waltham,
more it is agreed that this lease does not t A Lucas presented an account of ',a:n * eAV68 Waltham prevent Mr Hodgina from renting said $15.83 for goods furnished to John and	‘ arrives Ottawa,
Hall to other parties to hold meetings Michael J Watters while quarantined	p, W. RES8EMAN
therein.—Carried.	for smallpox in this Municipality ; 'also	r	A ¦¦
Moved by Coun Hodgina, sec by Coun an account of $44.06 for supplying them	uen. rass- Agwm
Smith, that we do new adjourn.- *ith food and attending them during the
31 days of their quarantine.
Arthur Smiley,	Moved by Coun Graham, eec by Cunn
Mayor. Smiley, and resolved, that said account
be paid forthwith, and if possible collect the amount from the father of the two I	young men.
pal Council of the Municipality of The Secretary read copy of resolution ¦ Village of Shaw ville, held on Wednes- with an accompanying account of $51.00,
*CS£	StTWt, - ShaWVÜU.
C... 0,^., «, b, c. Jsgz — " “ ll-“ '¦
Shaw.	Tabor, and resolved, that the Secretary
Moved by Coun Fades, sec by Coun be instructed to write Clarendon Couu-	. ...i. .  -~------—: =
Hedging, that the minutes of the last	0il, that this Council has no person nain-	Morn,a and	resolved,	that the Council
regular meeting and also the minutes of	ed Orr belonging to this Municipality	adjourn,
the adjourned meeting, held on the 18th boarding out. of February, 1902, be adopted.—Carried. Moved by Coun Smiley Mr Edward Dale, of Clarendon, came Tabor, and resolved, that the before the board with a bill of $37.60 adjourn for one hour. for attendance as inside guard at George Punuant to adjournmeot full board Dale's while under quarantine.	present#
It was decided to leave the matter	Moved by Coun Graham, sec by Coun The Ottawa Citizen	of Monday last
over for reference to the board of health.	Morris, and resolved, that the following	contains the	following	: —According to
Moved	by	Coun Cowan, see by Coun	Municipal Officers	be	appointed for the rumors in business circles financial em-
Hynes. that Alfred Howard be allowed	ensuing term	.	barraesment has apparently struck Ottawa
12 planks for temporory crossing in	Valuators.—John Dode, James Me- with wholesale vigor during the past few
front of	his	implement warerooms.—	Nelly and John Fields.	days; quite a number of well-known citi-
Varried.	Rural Inspectors.—Wilder Davis, zens, who were considered very strong I
Moved by Coun Eu<U s, sec by Coun	John McCorrieton, Alex. Meldrum,	financially,	some of them in fact classed *
(•owan, that the offer of WW Ireland be	James Ballantine. Frank Armitsge,	among the	capitalists, are said to be
Arch. Bishot Bond’s Assistant.—An	a^ePted	as	Secrctary-TreMurer at a	Wm Emerson.	bankrupt. Schemes for hydraulic mining
assistant has been elected by the Synod , ar7,°* Per anumn« Mr 11 viand to	Pound Keepers.—Wm Graham Henry in Brtieh Columbia Is the white elephant
of Montreal	to	aid	Archbishop	Bond,	turnsecurity.	Roy, John Kean, Joseph Fitzsimmins,	responsible	for several financial down-
now in his 87th year.	De in	Carmichael,	Mov®d ^ c5.un Hynes that H Lang be	R B Horner, R W Lucas, Patrick Sal-	falls in the	city within tho last few dayr,
the Bishop Coadjutor elect, is an Irish- engaged Secretary Treasurer at a moo, J A Bennett, Hugh Ross, Charles and others are expected daily. Those on man of the purest blood, born and	salary of $7o per annumn, he also to fur	McGillis, Andrew Russell,	Thoe Walsh,	the.bnnk of disaster are said to	be a capi
partly educated in the City of Dublin.	D,18h security. There being no seconder	and John Jones.	taliat,	a prominent druggist	and	a	form
He came to this country about the year the main motion carried.	Road Inspectors.— J McKillop, Thos erly prosperous confectioner. Thousands
SNssLnr suszrs	af5wsyvasî?
other two young >n, each in hi» turn, M“ ch 6jth- ^ ** «dopted-Crned. leU, John And.«on, Henry Roy, John	----—-------
rose to the high position of Bishops in	Moved by Coun Cowan, eec by Coun	Ross, James Kehoe,	R R	Cuthbertson.
the Church of England, and now Dean	Hodgms, and resolved, that this Council	John Story, Wilson	McLellan, Samuel
Carmichael has also been	honored	in	a	regards with approval the bill introduced	Woods, John Farrell, Hugh Robertson,
similar manner	by Mr RobitaiUe, M L. A., in the	Legis-	Joseph Fitssimmine, James McLean, W
Although Bishop Bond’s Vindlyf.ce l.ture of this Province, now in session. H Troey, Ricb.rd McC»ff»ry, T A Orr, London, M.reh 10.-Oen.r.l M.thenn »od earnest voice may never be seen or wh.ch nroposes to amend Artide 4644 John Jone. Sylvester Hohl.h.n, John s„d (oo’r , htT, been captured heard amongst us again, his influence of the Sensed Statute, relating to Tra Curley, Patrick MoG.1., Andrew Alex- b 0enersl Dalarey. General Methuen and memory will live long	in the hearts	<l«r a licenses m such manner	as will	ander. Charte. McGuire Peter Llttie,	wounded in,he	thigh.	Three British
of the people of the Ottawa	Valley.	require .11 parties selling gcxxl.	mer	W C Yeuug D.vid SmUl, W.lltet M.- offieer, and	m	men	Vere killed.	Five
PF	SvF 'TFb™ B
tE '«ïB?=% stLi îæ
Minutes of an adjourned ses.ion of the «rs; «ri thrt copwe of thw Reeolntion be MoKee^ W M Rowell, J G Morrison, d„n Mlreh 7, between Wiuburg .nd Municipal Council of the Municipality of forwwded to Mr RobiteiUe *nd to the John Duff, J.rae. CUld welV Tho. Tr> Licb ten burg, Grange River Colon,.-Ph.wville, held on Tuesday the 18th of Representatives vf this Count, in the dean, J.me. MeF.rlan. W H Monceau, Tbe Britiah force numbered 1,200 February, 1902.	j Legislature.-Carried.	W H Weir, Thonm Sharps, Wm Erner-	captured all the British baggage
Present : Mr Mayor Arthur Smiley ; Moved by Council Cowan, eec by Conn i . Junaes Doherty, John Cooney, R (|eDera| Methuen is retained ai» pris Councillors : John A Cowan, G F Hod- Hodgina, that the Secretary be instructed Gibbons George Philgi, Peter Davie.
gios, Joseph A Smith, W J Eadee.	to open an account forthwith with the	i Movwd * y nun Hoiiftsreou, see ey	i The above is	tbe substance of s de
Moved by Coon Smith, seconded by	Merchants Bank, and that in future all the	Smiley, and resolved, that John	ipa^e|1 from Lord Kitchener en Monday
Coun Cowan, that this Council at its ! business of the Council in connection | McCorrieton snd Stephen Smith Jr.t be next regular meeting take into consider- with receipts and paying out moneys be appointed Auditors.
ation the re moddeling of the law gov-1 transacted through that institution.— Moved by Coon Tabor, sec by Coun There are no deformed or crippled eming transient Trader’s Licensee ; and Carried.	Graham, and resolved, that the North- Chinamen. If a child is bon deformed
that all members of this Council meet Mr Moved by Ooon Baden, see by Coun west quarter of lot 8, range 6, be inclod- it i* at one* mad»» away with. Yon may Gamble, Advocate, at hie rooms here, on	Shaw, that the bill of Young and Draper	ed in road division 29; and tha» that	travel all over	China and never see a
the 27th inet,, for the purpose of drafting	for drawing gravel and rolling the streets,	division take the side line between North-	j maimed native,	when a serious aecb
a new by-law to cover all classes of trade amounting to $6.26 be paid.—Carried, j east halves of lot 7 and 8, range 0, under dork bef ? 1 n> 'h* m he is likewise msassasyw# wiir UflTAIIll A l#m OH SHAill I I?
wljsssîrjE'kfiïal'sarew.ae-i	- the watchuakeb - shawvilll
Winter Time Card.
Drug Stars, Shawvllls ;
E. HOGGINS & SON
School Reporte for February.
SHAW VILLE ACADEMY—JUNIOR KLIM.
Gaum III.-Mary Waddell 1, Raymond Beckett 2, Bert Wainsmsn 3, \ lolet Dagg 4, Tommy Burrows 5, Edmnnd
Grade II.—Laura Woodley 1, Willis
Cowan 2, Lottie Shaw 3.
Grade I.—Ernie Dasg 1, Phillis Black 2, Perlie Dagg 6, Murray Donaldson 4, Everet Hodgins 5, Mary Finlay 6
L. M. Brum, Teacher
¦
O
8.36, P.M. , 7.00 AM. 10.16 A.M.
Selling Out I
I
Greer Mount.—Claes IV.—Carrie Hamilton 1, Birdie Judd 2, Florence Mc-Leary 3. Class III.—Silas Somerville 1, Lena Rooney 2, Sam. Hayes 3. Class II.—Bernice Dale 1, Charlotte Rooney 2, Maggie Judd 3. Primer I.—Creighton Lathem 1, Earl Lang 2, Bertha Mulligan 3. Primer I.—Clarence Smith 1, Mabel Mulligan
M. McFarlanc, Teacher.
HONG KEE,
Carried.
J R Horner, Sec.-Treas
Come in for Bargains
in all lines.
CHINESE LAUflDHY,
Minutes of regular session of the Mu
mci
Next door to Miss A. McRae's
the
2
Everything Must Co I
We Mean Business !
Clarendon No. 3.—Grade IV.—Robert Stark 1. Grade III.—Mary Cox 1, Vivian Smiley 2, Foasie Fulford3, Freddie Smart 4. Junior III.—May Young 1, Louise Stark 2, Edna Stark. 3, Bella Stark 4.
A W McKbchnib, W B Lucar Soe'y-Treasurer
, aec by Conn Council
S. Carmichael, Teacher
Mayor
JUNIOR DEPARTMENT
ARMSTRONG BROS
Grade II. Sr,—Eunice Johncox 1, Vance Stone 2, Loreilla Lynch and Walter Harris (equal) 3. Grade II, —Vertel Smiley 1, Daisy Fulford 2, Scotlie Stone 3. Grade 1.—Norman Stark 1, Willie Crick 3, Elsie Olmstead 3. Primary Class.—Percy Lynch 1, Emerson Dean 2, John Brown 3, Willie Olm-stead 4.
Ottawa Men in the Hole
¦J
LADYSMITH.
Bertha M. Grant, Ase t Teacher
Your
Watch
Needs
Cleaning
Another Senoue Reverse
i

METHECF A PRISONER
J
;
/
\
SHAWVILLE COUNCIL
The
If it has qot been cleaned inside of 18 W|onth$.
oner
ET We give all repairs our personal supervision
and guarantee satisfaction or your money back. Out of every 10 watches spoiled 9 are spoiled by incompetent watchmakers—not by the wearers.


