###PAGE###1###
fW
1
X
SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P. Q., THURSDAY,
Voi. XVI, No. 3
JULY 7,	1898
I
„	„ SUBSCRIPTION
fine Dollar a Vear in advance.
“THE EQUITY”
WANTPR ¦ An active and reliable Wffill I ELU ¦ Agent to represent, in I» issued from the office of Publication, ! this Mitrict, a first class British Fire In-
Bh.wvillo	Thu™,.,. j	; “
Subscription. Sl.oo per Annum.
—O—
Advertising rates made known on application.
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from all parts of the country.
Binder Twine and Harvesting tools of all kinds.	J. II. Shaw.
Petroleum is said to have been discovered recently in West Templeton.
Shaw ville was represented at A rn prior, Renfrew and Ottawa on Dominion day.
O'Connell P. O., 7" been temporarily closed
North Onslow, has
Best quality vinegar and pickling
J. II. Shaw.
Have you tried Dowd's “High Loaf” Flour ?
spice
Si MMiii Coldk are often hardest to get Try Dr. Wood’s Norway Pine
rid of, Syrup
BOORBEAU RAINVILLE, L, L, L,
Mr. T. W. Boyle paid a visit to his brother Robert at Cobden last week.
Mrs. Dilworth spent a few days in Ottawa last week visiting friends.
Mr. and Mrs. If. Perry have been away front town for two weeks, returned on Sunday night.
, Mias Lynda Moodie, daughter of Mr. Rol; rt Mood it*, of Ottawa is visiting her atn\ Mrs. J. H. Shaw.
Cured hams, pork sausage;—wo manu facture and sell at a very low price.
J. G. McGuikk.
Our blacksmiths are busy these days repairing mow ers and horse rakes for the big hay harvest which has just commenc-
First class Hay Forks, all rigged out complete for $10. Apply to
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Will attend all the Courts of the District, especially when required.
J. G. Elliott
Tke camp meeting at Bryson, which has been in progress since 27th May, closed on Monday evening last.
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices inserted free ; but obituary lines, or "poetry** will be charged at the rate of 3 cents per line money touccompnny the manuscript In every came.
BANK OF OTTAWA
ed
Addresses on Farming:, Shaw- A plefl8flnt little gathering, where ville, Friday evening. July Htli mirth a,,fl meu*ic performed a conspic-
-	’ uous part took place at the residence of
, ,	,	,	Mr. J. H. Shaw on Thursday evening
A large party of young people from "
Bristol Corners and neighborhood picnicked at Calumet Falls on Dominion
Head Office Ottawa Canada,
/. A. COWAN, Publisher. !	(fully paid up) .	000.00
Mrs. U m. Elliott, of North Clarendon,
»... 11. H.	& I	l..t l. Vi.it f,i.„d. .,
Hodgins) has resumed building operations	I m
eEHFEÏ^hi:»«r.............................
dayn past with fairly good progress.	^ ^
Found.—Between Mr. John Horner’s and Utdford corners, a lady’s parasol.
Owner can have it by calling at this office and pay 25 cents for this notice.
quickly relieved by the use of Hagyards Yellow Oil. Noth ing to equal it for Sprains, Bruises, Rheumatism, Stiff Joints, Sore Muscles, etc.
last
lhartl of Directors :
Charles Magee, Esq., President. Georue Hay, esq.,Vice President.
John Mather, Ehq. I)avu> M aiLaiikn, Khq.
Court Shawville,
No 276
day
W
arriv-on a visit to

Woefs the II h Wed nos day of every mouth
Hon. Geo. Bryson, Ji. Alex. Fk.ahkr, Kmj ,
Dennis Murphy, Esq.
I’ourf dues must be paid prompt ly every month. I GEORGE BURN
D. M. FINN IK
Mr. Win. Seaman, of Am prior, drop-The Arnprior Watchman has a libel I Pef* *n f° 8Pe The Equity, while en route suit on hand with Chief of Police Dodd., | to 0tter Lake last Saturday.
who has taken action against the Watch- Mr, John Black, the well known in-nmn, because of the publication of a letter suranca agent of Ottawa, was in town last which reflected somewhat on the manner week looking after the business of his in which the Chief has discharged his company, of which there is considerable duties.	J here.
Free addresses on Farming will be de I Miss K L. Wilson, who has been en-Iivered in H origins' Hall, Shawville, by gaged in evangelistic work at Bryson for the gentlemen appointed by the Govern Lome weeks past, spent a few days in ment to inspect the farms in Pontiac en- town this week, tered in this year s Provincial competition. Mills on Friday All those who can find it convenient to come should attend.
General Manager, (Local) Manager
A general banking business transacted.
«uA
Visiting brethren cor dirtily Invited.

H. S. Barnett, F s
J. A. Cowan, U.H
Drafts issued on all Banking point Ion, United tiUffs and Great Britain
Note» and Bills collected.
s in the Do min
XV. J. HADES, c. R.
Pain of all kinds
Dr. J. E. TAGGART, L. D. S, D.D.S
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current
) rates
Sums of $1 and upwards received l.i Savings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Hours—10 a. m. to#8pvin. Saturday 10a.m.
to 1 p. m.
Corner of Bank and Wellington Streets,
tST Special attention given to appointments made by mail.
| OTTAWA
A telegram was received at Campbell’s Bay on Dominion day, transmitting the sad news of the death by accident at Rat Portage, Ont., of Daniel Mousseau, formerly <>f Litchfield.
She returns to Skeads’
and dkneraL
The Academy staff of teachers all took
omee
HISS ELIZ BETH B ADE,
their departure for their respective h
,	.	.................. ,	, , , by Saturday morning’s tram, to enjoy a
endon, who has been in declining health well earned holiday. Misses Smith
for some months past, from consumption, Davies and MacGregor will return at the died on July lit aged 28 years. His re m,d of vacation, they having been mains were interred st North Clarendon | gaL,e(j to teach wxt year on Sunday, Rev. Wm. Knox officiating.
Died.—At Bowmanville, Ont., on Sun-dar evening, July 3rd, Rev. D. C. Me Dowell, aged 75 years. Deceased was a superannuated minister of the MethodiV ohurch and brother of Mr. Wm. McDowe 1 of the 7th line. Clarendon.
Order for 500 T. ns. —Mr. Charles L.
Meyer, of the Grand Calumet Mining Company, writes us to say that on Satur day he received a cablegram from Europe ordering an immediate shipment of 500 tone of Calumet ore.
The young folk of this village were entertained by the teachers of the academy at the parsonage grounds on Wednesday John Smyth, a Westmeath farmer, re- evening last in the form of a farewell
party. A round of the usual popular games and amusements was indulged in.
A feature of the evening’s proceedings was the presentation to Miss Hinds, B A , of a collection of choice books by the scholars of her S.S. ciass, accompanied by an address, which was read by Mr.
R W. Hodgina. The recipient made a feeling and appropriate response.
Went to the Mines.—The following distinguished party arrived at Clark’s station per special train on Dominion Day with the object of visiting the Calumet mines :
Count do Bellefroid d’Oudoumont,	n	-,
Baron de Macas, Baron de Fancoval, Dr! . S,'!,001L. Commissioner* klf, tbd
Dawson of the Geological Survey, Via- largely attended meeting of the rate pay count de Villiers, Chas. L. Meyer, Mrs. orl °! Clarendon was held on Monday Meyer and Mr. B, eye, of the Ottawa morning for the purpose of electing two Belgian Consulate	school commissioners in the room and
Cap,. Ritchie received the party at the r«*fad "/ ^'P*» Hodgins and Jan es Hart, station, and had suitable conveyance, in "hose term of efface had exp,red. The
t . .	,	„	_	,	, waiting to convey them to the mines, f‘,r,m,!r *“? re-elec;ed	opposition
The infant baby of Mr. George Thacker where they spent an enjoyable hour and bu> ‘he other vacancy was closely contes-of Renfrew ate some fly paper and there then returned to Ottawa.	ted between George Dagg and Robert
was a lively time around that household	*	Smart, the latter winning by one vote—
till the baby got over the evil effects of I In our issue of June ICth, we had an 24 to 25.	A few second hand Binders Mowers
il ILLIAM ELLIOTT	I the poisonous stuff.	item announcing the drowning at Coal In the election of school commissioners lll(I R'tkea for sale cheap
DAILIFK OF THE 8UPEUI0R COURT . ,	s	. , _ Creek, B. C., of Patrick Shea, of Sheen, for the village little interest was taken,
Shawville Produce Quotations
heat in the shade. A welcome change, the 7th June, which from identification1	1	----0----
however, set in about dusk.	...
Mr. Rfibt. T. Havlin, of North C ar
Aru you using Dowd’s Flour?
Preserve Jars of all kinds, very cheap.
J. H Shaw.
Pork Hams wanted in exchange for a 9 j first-class Japan Tea at J. G. McGuire's.
The Orangemen of this town win attend St. Paul's church in a body on Sunday next, 10th inet.
TRAINED NURSE
BRISTOL MINES - - QUE.
re en-Mies Hinds, the talented principal of the institution, did not seek re-engagement, and there: fore has taken her departure for good from cur midst. During her year journ here, she has made a host of friends, who will be glad to hear of her success in other fields.
C. C. STEWART
Wo understand that Mr. A. J. Jackson has taken the job of painting the new ex hibition hall for certain advertising priv ilcges that the directors have accorded him. This is certainly a very much bet* ter plan than allow the building to be. come weather beaten and old looking before the painter’s preserving brush is applied.
Site for Town Hall—Mr Shaw has presented the village counc 1 with a very desirable plot of ground to be used for the site of a proposed town-hall, and such other purposes as the council may require. It is situated on Picka nock street, opposite Mr. James Raitt’s, and therefore most favorably situated for the purposes mentioned. This ie the first step towards the undertaking of a matter which has long been held in abeyance, and it is to be hoped ways and means will be devised to begin the erection of a building which will be a credit to the town.
PHYSICIAN AND SURGEON
(L.R.C.P. ÀNl> 8., EDIN.)
OFFICE,
3 so.
o
The Capital Lacrosse team met with defeat at Cornwall on Saturday, the score
S. A.MACKAT,
ELMSIDE, QUE
Death of Mr. R, R. Trelford.
After a long and very painful illness, Mr. R. R. Trelford, (fa miliarly known as “Irish R inert ) of Clarendon, breathed his last on Tuesday evening, the 28*h ult., at the age of 74 years. He leaves a widow, four sons and two daughters to mourn his departure. The remains, followed by a large concourse of friends, were borne to St. Paul’s church cemetery on Thursday afternoon, and there interred with the usual funeral rites.
NOTARY PUBLIC
T. H
Z^iLERK of the District Magistrates'Court ceived such injuries in a runaway accident
UsTinVorMarmami	%%% ? ' the |2"d th»' d'«d the fol
for • The Hellai.ee Loan and Havings Com- | lowing bat urda#^ggmg^g^gmggggg pariy” of Ontario.
Will visit Bryson every Thursday
Four head of cattle were killed on the line of the Pembroke Southern railway by eating dynamite. Indigestion was the cause of death.
ARTHUR .McConnell,
r
TTOKNEY AT LAW, Main St. Hull,
tliti^hstrlclV '\\\'ujr'responUuncTpro'mpt*1	Harry Reid has taken action
ly answered.	against the Lganville council to recover
Will be atShawvilli flrst Thursday ofeacb #1,000 damages for injuries
monthe	through a defective side walk.
A
received
Is it Safe?
W3T The Shawville Marble and Gran-J I ite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor, turns out a superior class of work in Monuments, Headstones, etc. Prices reasonable
CEO. C. WRIGHT
Rumors are afloat that the bridge at I Portage du Fort is in a rather unsafe •lition for travelling, although traffic has not yet been suspended. Now that Mr. Tarte has given the cold shoulder to the structure, we wonder what means will be adopted to keep it m repair. Some statement from the authorities at P. D. Fort, regarding the matter would be of considerable value to the public, at the present t me.
con
72 MAIN ST. - HULL QUE.
Picnic at Thorne.—The members of Bryson, also other Codrts fn Pontiac I)i«-I L. O. L No. 1510, will hold a grand pic trlct when required.	| njc at Meacham’s Lake, Thorne, on Tuea
day July 12th. All are welcome to attend.
Will attend Superlo/ und Circuit Court at
JAS. HOPE & Co.
Vf ANÜPACTURING STATIONERS,BOOKSEL 1VÂ. 1er», Bookbinder» Printers, etc. Depositor) f the Ottawa Auxiliary BilileSoelety,Ottawa,Ont.
<
A. S. Smart
J-
found thereon is supposed to bel On the morning of the 18th of June a pit8 Massey Harris machines still at the that of a man named J. Argue, but no one number of people from Elmside and Bil-	* * * * * * '
front, and going like hot cakes.	Give in	in the Reality knew where he came from	Iwrica drove to Onslow for the purpose of	* '
your order soon and be sure of getting a and inquiries made in this section have visiting the cave in Mr. VV. Steele's BgBMrrvani;
machine in time.	failed to throw any further light on the mountain. The party consisted of Mr.	.
A. S Smart matter. The question here suggests it- N. Davis, Misa Carry and Master Henry, gutter. - - - -__	self : were there	one or	two men drown-I Mr. J. Jamieson arid Miss Bella Stewart	<,rk	l,vrI	>
Summer W eaknbss.- If you feel weak,	ed at Coal Creek	?	of Elmside, Mr. G. Lothian of Brism', 1 V P?r	ton.
run down, easily tired, languid—have	Mr. Paterson, Mrs. Liwrence and the Calfskins
your system strengthened and invigorated	On Tuesday afternoon, the 20th ult., Misses Edey of Billerica, Miss Sheffield Hides...
by using Milburn’s Heart and Nerve at the residence of the bride’s aunÇ "I*. Lf Arnprior and Miss L McKechnie who Pd,fe-
Pills. They make weak people strong. aleigh Cottage,” Galetta, by the Rev. D. was visiting at Quyon. They arrived in
Omission.—The apologies of The Eqv { McL,ean».	Annie ^her- Onslow about 10 o’clock and after hav
ity are due to Mr. John Gibson, mayor 8t()"e’ daughter of the late George î eath- mg dinner started for the mountain with
Good Accommodation. Table and,Bar al- | of Alleyn and Cawood, for the omission of	*r8	tV,7ribu™» waa	united 111	Mr. Jas. Steele as guide, Miss Ross also
ways well furnished.	his name from our report and the minutes	marrl?8® ^	;Vm*	Balmer	McLean,	forming one of the company. The a c nt
First-class Livery Attached.	I , he june meeting of the County Council î°n °f ,	McLeam, Esq., of Sard ley, was very wearisome and some of the party
It is far from our purpose to do injustice ^^erly of Quyon. MissLuoy Dickson, almost “caved in” long before the cave to any member of the board, much less of ?ake"hamL,h,led the office of brides- was reached. Afcer a search of about two Mr. Gibson, who although a comparativ	Fred* A;.D4îvle» °* Quyon, hours the cave was found and the party
1	which he has been entrusted	bv the	down a sumptuous repast, and after	terra firms. The entrance to the cave is	herst> NS»	makes the following
people of Alleyn and Cawood.	•	short speech-making was indulged in the	not large ; on entering it is necessary to	statement:	“Having been trou-
young couple left on the evening	train	go on hands and knees as a standing poe	bled for some time with distress-
The closing exercises and awarding	of	on an extended wedding tour.	ture is impossible but on going farther	ing backaches and weak kidneys,
prizes in connection with the Academy	On Wednesday morning of last week an	Mfc becomes larger and oi.e is enabled to	I decided to try Doan’s Kidney
took place on Tueeday Uet. A number	of	intere.tbg event occurred at the	real.	,walk- There are quite s number of dif	pjHs. They acted promptly and
EBEsrKE SSSi
Wm. Knox, both of whom addressed the s. Church of South Indian, formerly of Wlth moisture. The temperature it# eon stored me to my old-time form. It assemblage. It may be stated that the Chelsea, Que. The ceremony was per "iderably lower than on the surfa e and is a pleasure for me to recommend record of the Academy is a very satisfac formed quietly, only a very few friends I *he&ir is very damp. All returned tired them to others.” tory one, and the showing made by the were present, the Rev. H. Plaisted being I and wet a8 there was a Punier storm pupils considerably better than the pre- the officiating clergyman. The numen durinK the af'ernoon. After having te» vinus year, when the aggregate of marks 0Us beautiful and useful presents received the PartJ >tartod tor home well satisfied scored was a fraction over 13,000 as ag- by the bride amply testify to the very I with lhe day’8 outin* ainst 10,000 for the year just closed. great esteem in which she was held by all
her, acquaintances. During the after
The Citizen is Ottawa's
leading daily paper-ad-	..
vortise in it.	I qu^unc».
25 U 00 to 55
• • •

BAILIFP OF SUPERIOR COURT,
OFFICE I—-COURT 8T., SHAWVILLE.
Accounts collected and prompt returns made
All courts attended.
30
>
...	0 to 9
... Hi to 18 .... 12 to 00
3.75 to 4 25 9 00 to 10.00 .... 35 to 40 3.75 to 4.00 . CO to 1.00
St. Lawrence Hall,
Mrs C M McLean,
Proprietress.
Weak Kidneys.
Always Cured by Doan's
Kidney Pills.
t
PONTIAC HOUsf
' CSXS.
: ?
mm

/*•

I

m

,

WOK
nw ' "

If1

fiel



.< £*/


Vi-
mum •

I


Xf;i
ML
T#
m

i

¦ -
m
*1
i
its

1111
Ur H •
Doan’s Kidney Pills are the most effective remedy in the world for Bright’s Disease, Diabetes, Dropsy, Backache, Gravel, Sediment in the Urine, and all kinds of Kidney and Urinary Troubles. Price ",oc. a box or 3 boxes for $1.25. The Doan Kidney Pill Co., Toronto, Ont. Remember the name, f‘Doan's»’9 and refuse all others.
*vy
¦ »
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
C. CALDWELL,
This hotel will Le lourd fully equlpp for the accommodation of the public generally, and especially commercial men. Fre« ’bus meet» all trains. Good livery H connection
OT Ladles’ and gents bicycles kept for bln
One Who was There
PROPRIETOR
Dyspepsia...
For some lima my stomach has ’rouUed and I tried most everything, but nothin* re# I did me any good till I started taking Burt ock Blood B tiers. Two bottl# * have mice n e well.”—Mrs. Lizzie Banroin. Baldwin’s Mills, Que.
11
me


/






- “sS

	
###PAGE###2###


NAVAL STRENGTH.
A HELMET QUANDARY.
DONrS FOR HOT WEATH8R.
THE LAST VOYAGE OF MARTIN VAILLANCE :
I raiirr end RmiIo Art Knpldly Gaining on
Britain.
Don’t drink soda-water or Ice-water | drink as much seltzer, carbonate water, moderately cold water or hot lemon-»
fill y So Wany Hrlllnh 0«rm* Are milled
In Ai'llon
A SEA STORY OF TO-DAY*
By JOHN ARTHUR BARRY,
A 1‘arlianii'ntarv paper has juat been
issued in Great Britain setting forth... .	..	.	.	.	.
I in- naval strength of the powers The ">n	,r°«iHev nwper.l ing the large a de us you feel inclined, but take then.
return gives the strength both In ves- l'r,,1'm‘lion "f il,iliHh of,i<_ere "rving between meals.
sels built and in vessels building and Wlth ”“,he regiment, who were kill- IVm't drink anything with alcohol i» the figures are Interesting. Under (he M or'nWulH*d durin* lh" recent cam- it. even to a moderate degree, like companions, he spins his tale* of the I head of battleships Great Britain nos |wiens lho	frontier, says the i*e«r; although such drinks will give a,
........... “• —
t'fulse in the Hebe. which, by dint of	!l>* Italy, 5 by the United State» and 8	<N,U8P ft,r 1 b,‘m' lamentable casualties
l,m!' ,lllu tl embroidery, and frequent	by Japan. The Dual Alliance thus has	vvbirhi ou ‘T,K to unofficered mn-
,	byD'nny °of the	^ »° the e, 52. Of armor-	^*"n of .he native regiments, might
\ml	other actors therein.	Nan. loo, is well	c ube,#. (Deal Britain has 18 France	n,lve hm>,llv H ^‘r,°us menace t.*the
m* on, anil	so on. until bo was in the	ami thriving, demeaning herself as a	Hussia 10, Germany 3. Italy 3 the	Cadency of the Indian army, la the
bout. Still,	I was very well satisfied ;	goat with a hiatory should do: look.-il	United States 2 and Japan 1 Of mo-	fact 11,1,1 British officers wear n dif-
tse? sysY'^ssrs	— Su 1% -*»•.............. -.... ^ ,ta
tune.	by the domestic animale of Combe Mo-	, ranoe 90 Kuasia 3, Germany 7, Italy	lxe ,,fri< l‘rs an« troop* under them
Ihua it was in good spirits that 1	ham.	10. the United States 14 and Japan 10	ancl nTe 80 rendered especially diatin
- - — - — -
round with a “ Cheerily, lads! lets thrill of i h-* wild longing that ever. 21, ,ta,-v ]> tlj<t United States 1(1 and lonf. bt',‘n recognized in Europe. and <Iav‘
sbive th“ canvas on her—everything now and again comes to the land-dwel- J«P»n 8. Of armored coast defence 111 . w* ,	ar,1‘?' ,h* adoption of the Don’t /ear to eat all the ice and ice-
loosing !”	1 turn to Helen lying at my side or ltUHSIa Germany 11, the United reduce to a minimum the distine- Dm t let a but day go by without
With n rush to ihr sound of my put my hand down towards 1 he cot of Sf;ltes «iid Japan 3. As for torpedo If011 which formerly existed between of- taking an all-over cold bath. If you Toioe they jumped into her rigging, my ytNir-old son. And the sea calls flotillas. Great Britain has 3T. tome,to ''^ers and men. With British regiments have been taking violent exercise like cast adrift, sheeted h »me, and hoisted still I	wksvIh un .	,	‘	'	1,1 India the white pith or khaki helmet bicycle-riding, fiist take a roll in a hot-
till, under every rug she h id, the llebe But not for me, not for me I 1 have v ‘	'	*	*	1 u*vvr un<* ^ lamts; acts in a similar way ; but in native wa*er bnth. after which give yourself
lay over to a light breeze as she had made my last voyage.	r ranee Id torpedo vessels, no destroy- regiments, where all hut the English tt sponging with cold water,
not done since 1 know her.	*	The End.	era- “nd 211 Ixiats; Russia 17 toriiedo ofl\r*'rs wear an Eastern headdress, the1. Don't take any sort of hath with! hr cruiser had stood by us And |	I vessels. 1 des trove rr	I7i l,,,., #u . ^ he [met is a fatal distinction. | ‘,l three hou rs after eating ; early in
now. utter watching our start, h^r	w	Germanv i	,	,	’ t Lapt. Norton holds that the chief i I,lp morning is iho best time, and late
great screws liegau to thrash the wa-	MOVING A CHURCH	‘ . \10 *" ‘ 0 'eas*,|8« no destroy- Secretary of War to make the drees *1 night the second best time for the
ter into foam once more ; once more t he I	*	018 and 118 boats; Italy 15 torpedo ves- °f flB ranks w hen on active duty am ^Utily bath.
Is w wave rolled up till its salt spray	* "b* no destroyers and 142 l>oat«; the llnifurul as Fossible; but it is difficult | Don't pile on clothing on the notion
wetted the royal anus blazoned in blue lon,lo«i ruuire t« he Taken Down United States tornedn finMii,, u i;„’;# , !fl sw‘ ^ow txm be done, as far as	lt lH fashionable to wear such and
and gidd at her head ; the. red cross	*">*r b> *i«ne.	to 8 boats; Japan has one t i,,,... n? ! !^‘®(1^ear >« <‘*>merned. With the suh-|a"ch; get a net undershirt if you can;
flag dipped ; the Major and his daugh- An extraordinary feat in church re- ael and 44 bouta	*	*	races of which our Indian army ^ without a w mat coat, and have all
:sr*^ — \**— ™	. araritsssn,!%% S««irrasa's
interior a hand struck up, " Home, aon* ,ll<1<len	in the quiet recess turning to vessel building, which, of MM of their religion, while the pro- 1%*'*	tight collars, tight cor-
Sweet Home;' and my eyes grew a <k* Great Ormond street. Bloomsbury, is IC>U!8!‘' * ange from ships launched and U to make British offices adopt 8	^	even a tight hat; have nil youn
little dim as I hauled our ensign down an unpretentious building exter nallv paving thiur guru wind armor put on i J ^ turban would be equallv unpopu- clll>l Il*n^ 88 loose us isiseible.
for tin* last time, and the big battle- whieh in n*a.litv in	ti ' wV4 fo ^V!8 tiU,^ol*zed but not yet Iflr	*	. ,>0“ r wear clothing of a dark color
fillip drew majestically ahead after .. . „	^ ts o^eiof rhe most be^- laid down, the record is interesting, tapt. Norton's question, therefore ln 8Un»mer. ami iwirticularly black; the
playing br r ;sut, to us. of an ocean ullluI K<>man Catb<>,lc churches in the yrtiat Imtain has 12 battleships build- «ceins calculated to bring the Indian su,î 8 hent. 18 Flatly absorbed by black,
Provide nee.	metropolis, it was built by the late	, ,a,Russia’s ti, Germany» army aut lairities Jo an imivasme ; but | vvl*ile white tends to dissipate its in-
Nan stood with her feet on the rail Sir George Rowver once a well-known	1 8 belonging to the United <l'>uhtle«M. if they ajMs-al to Fall Mall I ten8lt> . The ideal summer dress fon
.. ......-. s'—,'It	lœ-.s.-, n	%
all. the burly, bearded " Antelope " at ,1U ™ the po|*\ as a temple N>p the Or- I * r* ,lce IV. Kuttsia 1, Germany 2, Italy brain power to tlu* invention of n ser- a 6ljirt tbat requires no vest ; wide the wheel, pointing with great fore- <ler of Malta Knights of the Hospital- I 7\r	#	J11,” ‘s.latPS 1 »ud Japan C. of more or less obnoxious " improve- [rousrsof some thin whitish material)
'““trrî....«¦-;:?£:
we i\* in»* as give the ole gal a free , >ai *not "as ,be means of reintro- I • u> H, Italy 8 .the l ni ted States 1 to he In thin out of Capt. Norton's me.r-tmie and don’t wear a hard ; the passidge ; an’, by what I hears, I nev- "ucing into England;, but It was also I ' aHan ® In the torpedo line Great difficulty.	h*11* catehi s up the heat of the «»r
er done a letter night’s work.”	associated with the Hospital of St I nil!!,,1/ !,,uildiu^ 4(i destroyers and Encouraged by the success of the in- communicates it to the akin, while
¦¦ÉpÈl
some what; and w be n we made our Bill Butcher was c tiled to see a friend number to Green Pbint, our entering and was admitted by a pert, disoldig.
into the harlnmr was a sort of trium- in#? amid. In telling his friend of the I DJSCOVEJ1V OF A WAR pnpT pihani procession of wnall I louts and I disrespect with which he bid been I a tr n	1
steamers.	| treated Bill worked himself up into a house in <h	lmc1ctin8 a «®ttlcr near a | AlK)ut sixtV years ago when Maria	Became Buw Dow* That Work Whs
Hapiiening as we luckily did, to hit towering rage and concluded his com-1 ‘ >U lûe l,atkwoods, the following I Christina of Naples was queen regent A'**»"# Impe^ible-Hiii Whole Body
;ywL,.... » u* w „hi'Ksrr-	*f,rf?r^?"”lrL T""""
than the Major gave for her ; thus I she behaves that way I II smash her INoggs*.	1 u 1 1 ut 1 oito Hico and the 1 hilippine	I rom the Bridgewater Enterprise,
found the old gentleman in the l>es< of j face ; that’U teach her to recognize a What's it	built of I	Islands also to Louis Philippe, who	Mr. Austin Fancy is a well known
tempers Nor. in all ways, ever did the gent leman when she sees one.	I Logs.	then sat on the throne of France. Sen-	blacksmith living at Baker Settlement
a#*##:, **
the Philippines. This would have been	11h«-ame very much
un 1 to a total of aliout 82 00b,000 at . u fÎ ,n fJp8h* an(I ha<l severe pains the present time a sum which looks in,# n1iU6t1*l,eN all over my body. I ridiculously small when the value of I llT, a11 ttle time, had no appe-islands is considered.	ute, and often felt so low spirited that
The bargain was made on this basis, i "‘«bed myself in another world, however, and the papers relating to I ,me of ttle Gme, necessity compel 1-i’uba were signed, notwithstanding "	, undertake a little wrork in
some controversy over the manner and I blacksmith shop, but I was not method of paying the money. Hut I lf , |r, anf* after doing the job, when the negotiations reached Porto uou #,.e to lie down ; indeed lof-itico and the Philippines, Louis Philip- ,	Dinting. I was advised
I*	to haggle aliout the price. He r°fi try Pr- William»' Pink Pills, and
could not forget I that he was a trades-	A c<>ul,le uf lioxes, I felt a
man liefore he was a king and his pro- ' f‘"V Pl ^I'ef. The pains began to iwnsity to “lieat down" asserted it- * >a,e- iln,I 1 Dit again as though life self. He claimed that 10 000,000 reals xva? not all dreariness. By the time I was too much for Porto Rico and the ria<1 use<i s‘x Ixixee I was as well as Uulippines, and insisted that 7,000,000 f‘)er' u®d able to do a hard day s work •vais were an ample sum to pay for at. 1 , ^or^e without fatigue and those them. This amount he declared was u . bnow anything about a bla<k-all he would pay for the islands, and smith 8 .^ork' will know what this saifI if it was not acceptable "the 'ne.ms. I hose w bo are not well, will contract must lie thrown into the fire " n?a*e no mistake in looking for health l he Spanish diplomat, angered bv !!)rou^h tbi‘ medium of Dr. Williams' what he considered royal meanness 1\nk Vl}l\ •
''luting his actions to Louis Philippe's . • " illiam»' Pink Pills cure by
r°D-S' 'i^h the Cuban and Por- golnK to 'he root of the disease. They o Rico-Philippine contracts and threw 'enew and Iniild up the blood, and
hern mlo the fire, and ended the nego- ^engtlyn the nerves, thus driving
tuitions.	disease from the system. Avoid imita-
W hat the sutisequent fate of Cuba 1,0118 ** insisting that every box you might have been had this bargain been |,urcliase is enclosed in a wrapper earned out, it is useless to conjecture.	^ ful1 Dade mark, "Dr.
Hut the transaction shows that the XVl,llam8 Pink Pills for Pale People.'* the value Spain set upon Culm was once only nominal, and that the claim that the Ever Faithful never be surrendered growth.
Cap* N<nrton. M.P., is to ask n ques-
Author of “Steve Brown's Bunylp,
In i he Orevt Deep," eta
T had bn4nv1 huig particular to say iü reply ; hut just then the Major's voiiv broke in upon us with then, Vnllancv, my U>y, time's up I A fast amt pleasant trip to ye. Don’t call me a dv.serter ; but I’ve luul enough of the Hole. XVV11 sell her at the tape End ail go home together. Gad, sii more heu l 1 11 Imj a farm, first
Now
unnecessary combustion In the tissues, which will make you fee I hotter than before.
Don’t eat ment oftrnor than day. ami if possible eat no meat whatever during summer ; eut plenty of bananas and other fruits and drink abundance of fresh buttermilk or aw vet milk.
once a
!
an
na
Don't smoke between 9a.m., and 7 p, m. unless you can keep entirely out
whole
i
per
er entertained any proposition that would alienate Cuba, ever, speaks otherwise
History, how
A BLACKSMITH’S STORY.
ojine and Helen's
un-
to press for was an early day. And we were married at old St. George’s the very next day. all Capetown coming to the wedding, together with the captain ami officers of H.M.S. Alexandra. Captain Craigie acted as my best weak still for their privations in the boat bad been	fuIHBHÎHHHHB
he as we jiarted. " 1 sha 11 never forget, your kindness." I had been, curiously enough through influence exercised by one of tho e other Va I lances, then resident at Port Elizalieth. instrumental in procuring the captain a billet in the South African "Harbours and Rivers." "But give the sea I test. my lad. It’s used you well on the whole. Don’t tempt it any more. It's Hot to he t runted ; Kee how it's served me !"
I don’t know whether Nan can he reckoned as a bridesmaid, or rather matron ; but certainly she was present at the ceremony. And besides wearing a silver collar, a present from the i Major, some of the Capetown lasses had taken her in hand and gilded her horns from truck to keelson, making a very gorgeous goat of her.
The Major's gift to us was a cheque on the Standard Bank of South Africa for the whole value of the brig and her cargo, running into four figures whose
^initial numiter exceeded "ope 1"
And tflkîhg Captain Craigie*» advice, my own notiont tending that way. to I say nothing of Helen's, I gave u. the sea. Fk>r a twelvemonth we stayed at foinpton-on-Tor wit h the old folk. Then the Major, buying a great turreted, straggling place that he called the "Bungalow," at Combe Moharn, facing Torbay, would have us go live with him and make his home ours. He is still hale and hearty, and s*tends much of his time at a certain club over in Torquay affected by the old Anglo-Indians who ahoumd in that beautiful health-re nut; and there, amongst these
U
\
man—
\ !.
p v,,,)
Valla nee,” said
1 é

V
m

.-11
s\


Z

%
/A
%
t/rA
4
f/A
%
Isle" will is of recent
THE OPPORTUNE TIME.
T shall call u|K>n our new neighbor I* remarked Mrs Grundy, waving ..nrr	, Grundy to silence. I know she
» DUALLY.	I hasn t had time to get settled and all
- - —¦	«.YU," Œ
ADMIRAL SAMPSON.
Commanding the United States fleet off Santiago de Cubs.

•Q»
i
mrm
###PAGE###3###
IDENTIFIED HIS MISTRESS
DRESSING for travel a
——	convenient, for there is no counting
The pleeeupn Mjierlenced Id travel,	in”‘t.h^liiat 'genera 1 oon-
whether by water or land* is very of- fu*u>n> you dp nixt wish to oj**n the ten greatly marred t>y not having, just other trunks. r the right weight and q utility of cloth-for comfort, for resisting the dire effects of dust on *i*i;&y, and to 1» adaptable to sudden or unexis*rt ed | er changes of temperature. Old travelers
are known by the scarcity of baggage and “ fixings.” They have learned that the passing comfort contributed by a lot of futisy accessories are inure than counterbalanced # y tiie annoyance of carrying, the diversity of checking, the ixjtisible loss and thh excuse and delay caused thereby. Many women, who croes the continent several times during the year, and not infrequently go to Europe, when ready to start will have no more lie longings about them than others who are simply leaving town for a short distance and to 1» gone a few days.
The experienced traveler wears a neat severe-looking gown, as expensive as she wishes; preferably of serge or a loosely woven wool goods, smet.hing which does not crush or wrinkle, and from which dust is easily shaken. Two-piece suits, a jacket and skirt, are by far the most comfortable, the former marte to wear over & shirt waist, and can lw laid aside during the warmth of the day, to lx* aesumed on leaving the coach. Her hat, of course, is simple, one which will stand a good brushing, and first and foremost it must be light and comfortable. The draught in the cars necessitate most women wearing something on the head, and if the hat is heavy or hard to secure, headache is the inevitable result. A gauze veil, thin and without spots, is a great convenience. since they are cooler than a mesh, and prevent cinders from blowing into the eyes. Wire hairpins should lie left behind, as in leaning back nothing so irritates the sculp as a lot of unyielding wires, and these pins must always be fastened tightly, so as not to show, while on the other hand, those of shell or niblier may l>e but loosely slipped in, since they are pretty, and yield easily to every turn of the head,
Thest seem like small matters, but they go far to rendering the trip pleasant or otherwise.
The corset must lie loose.. Sitting in one position causes more or less stagnation, and an excessive discomfort is
Why should milk not be put at
milking into closely covered
once
lupin* Wife.
after ran» f
Because by ao doing odors are retained in the milk.
Why »h#)ul"l milk that in to b« »« Cor cream in covered cans or put In o for Immediate delivery, be aei-
Do*# Deride I
A recent French judgment, says the Tunis correspondent of the London
be cited as an lift nd (i ll-
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
Morning' Post, may lustration of Arab manners
An Arab was traveling through the interior with his wife;
n donkeyback and she was
_____ _______. The sandals will be of
great servir*) od U#e trip after rains until the dock dries off. New travelers lay out vast Hums, comparatively sfieakirig. in rul>l#er-soled shoes, «tea ini' hairs, rugs and canvas coverings, all of which are entirely unnecessary.
The steamer clulr can lx* rented for the trip, tlx*, canvas rug1 will lie simply a nuisance if you have a serviceable drees, and the steamer rug, or, as It ih letter known, the large, soft* v'arm Scotch plaid shawl, is usually fashioned into a golf cape, which answers on shore as well as for the sea Elderly ladies derive great comfort from the shawl, as It is. I nit young people who wish to lie moving about prefer the ca,||nc always. The shawls oast from $6Vo to large eums
If you wish, however, to own the steamer chair, a good one can lie had for #2.95, and will nott oome amiss to te used in the hntnel for the verandah or a reoting chair in the bath room, where it is also of great service for a sun bath.
1‘lent,y of cushions are a luxury. They are made with gingham or linen rovers, in gay plaids, and have full frills or cord edges. These pack easily and repay one many times for the trouble in taking them.
Inland lakes are now the means of much pleasure for houae-loat pirties as well as yachting an<l fishing It is needless to say that comfort is the first law, and elalmrate toilets would only I* ridiculous summer, which
CATTLE BLOATING ON RED CLOVER
lio astuteness
vans a t ed I
A* most farmers know, cattle are liable to bloat. If allowed, or compelled, to feed exclusively or even largely on rank-growing, fresh red clover, either first or second crop, writes C. P. Goodrich. Farmers frequently suffer serious losses by cattle dying from < his This trouble can be prevented
mg
animal and other odors
To remove from the milk.
Why 81*mid milk he set as soon as possible after milking?
T\> stop the action of bacteria.
Why should the temperature of the milk he reduced as quickly as possible
after creaming.
'IV) prevent the formation of filnine and the growth of bacteria
Why should milk that is for cream he agitated no more necessary before setting ?
Because agitation favors the formation of fibrine.
Why should milk pails, pans, cans, ch ms, and every utensil used in the dairy he kept most carefully cleaned.
Solely to keep out bacteria.
Why is cream ripened before churning?
To develop flavor and render churning easier.	#
Why should the ripening process or not be allowed to be continued
he was
afoot. By came a rich Arab on hor
I wick and offered her a lift behind him
She accepted, and presently in
confided that
(he
course of the Journey ahe was unhappily married. Her companion proposed a plan by which six# mighU elo|m with him, and she agreed
cause
If proper means are taken. I have hud
of clover bloat for more than twenty years, although for most of that time my oowe have been pastured each summer on clover. Many years before I learned how to prevent it. I had frequent cases of bloat. The plan
I adopted was this before my cows were turned out for the first time in the spring on the
had attained a rank
no cases
to it readily.
Accordingly, wIIif n I hey come to a
branch road they increased their pace and paid no heed to the protestations of (lie husband, who was soon left hind. Fie succeeded in tracking them to the horseman's village, only to find that precautions had l***n taken against his arrival, for everytwdy asserted that they had known the runaway pair* for many years as man and wife, and that the real husband must I** an importer. The unfortunate man had recourse jto the French, who were at first |#uzzLe<l how to act in the f'wx
of a village's testimony.
At last a thought occurred to tjw judge. Fie placed the real huslwuid a dogs in one room, those of the other man in another, and confronted t lie woman with both. A rat) dogs are very faithful to their own households and very fierce toward all strangers; so, though? she did her utmost to irritate her own dogs, they could not be restrained from fawning on her, and though she lavished every blandishment toward .the dogs of hei home they banked and harked and showed their teeth with ever increasing! fury. The judge thereupon ordered her to be given hack to her husband, and! he placarded the village with 'he following notice
"The testimony of one dog is here to lie believed than that of ten
to be set than ia
•go
In the morning
clover which growth, they were given their regular food of dlty fodder and grain. 1'hen when they were turned out, they had
their stomachs full and were not hunt he n
cream too long If
To prevent development of bacteria that produce offensive products, such as bitterness, and destroy aroma.
Why should a thermometer be u«ed at every step in the process of making butter?
To he sure that the temperature is desired In each stage or division of the work.
Why does cooling milk prevent or retard souring?
Retards growth of bacteria.
They ate a little clover
gry
roamed around the field for a while and laid down, in the afternoon they got up, ale some more clover and w ere taken to the stable toward night and
A happy party last
_________________   cruised”	as they
termed il. in an old, scow, remodeled for fun and comfoK. found that they such health and spirits that a delightful hunger at all hours occupied them almost to the exclusion of any thought of ap-jiearanoe. The ladies carried each a thin wrapper, in which they could take the uïtej-noon nap. a 1 lathing euit, a couple f f shirt waists, one pique or linen suit apiece, and for
the 1>oat exclusively a suit designed among themselves. This was a rather short, unlined rough crash skirt. wv»rn over very full short bloomers. The blouse or shirt waist of the same was so fashioned; as to permit of an athletic freedom. Yachting caps of linen, invited tan perhafis, hut they stayed on easily. find that is a blessing always on the water. No need of petticoats, starch or restraint of any kind, and they declare unanimously that those three weeks were the happiest of their lives.
given some nice hay which, to my tonishment, they ate greedily did not bloat. Ever since then I have always had some good hay In the mangers when my cows are put in to be milked twice a day, and they always eat some. If the pasture Îh rank elov-then they always eat the hay very greedily, nature seeming to prompt them to eet that which will prevent bloating. With cattle, other than rows, that are left In the pasture all the time I have found that a stack of good hay In the pasture where they can have free access to it. will prevent bloat. A1 fwtn of rails should be ;sit around the stack so as to prevent the cattle trampling over and wasting it
member of a friend of mine turning some sixty head of cattle into a field of rank clover for the first time, about the find of June. His neighbors prophesied that he would suffer great loss from bloat. But the owner knew what h*1 was about. He had two or three stacks of good clover hay in the field. It was noticed every day that after the cattle had pastured on the clover for an hour or so they would all make a rush for the stacks and would eab hay for a few minutes as ravenously as though half starved. There was bloat in that herd. In all my experience i have never known of cattle to bloat from eating green clover where they could have good, palatable dry feed at the same time. Where there is nothing better I have seen cattle leave the rank clover and eat frequently from an old straw stack which bappen-ed to be in the pasture, and act as though they had found something delicious. I firmly believe that a straw stack has saved many an animal from clover-bloat, though to make them safe It Is better to provide good hay. Although prevention is much better than a cure, yet if through mismanagement carelessness, accident or ignorance, cat tie do suffer from clover bloat, it is well to know how to best treat them. There are a number of different remedies, recommended, but in urgent cases thev must he tapped or death will soon follow. The proper instrument for this is a trocar which is a sharp, pointed instrument having a sheath. By cutting, with a knife, a hole through the skin, the trocar can be pushed in. and when drawm out the sheath is left in. out through which the gas escapes. As a regular trocar is not always at hand, and such a case will not admit of delay. & substitute can be quickly made with a goose quill for a sheath and a plunger made of hard wood well sharpened. To use such a one it Is necessary to cut a hole through with a knife. The place to tap an animal is on the left side at a mint "equally distant from the last rib. the him bone and the transverse processes of the lumber vertebrea.” Î will give some remedies for bloat which are said by good authorities to be good, though I have never tried any of them and cannot speak from experience. Give turpentine In doses of one to five table-snoonfuls, according to size of animal. Here is another : " Make a hit of a stick two inches through, put it in the mouth and hold it there bv a rope passing the head like a bridle. It is said
They
the one
new
were in
i sour less summer ?
Why do milk and cream readily in winter than in c There are fewer bacteria in the air and the temperature is lower.
Why does the ripening of cream make
it churn more easily?
er
more
Arabs.**
As? "dog
terms of opprobrium, tins notire was deemed a worse» punishment than fines or imprisonment.
wear on
of the Arabs' worst
matter of cream is
is one
The albuminous thus rendered less tenacious.
Why does milk become sour ? Bacteria changes sugar _
into lactic
TIPPING IN ENGLAND
acid
which milk
Why should the rodnx m.
is set he made perfect, in its sanitary conditions, such as good ventilation, cleanliness of floors, walks, eto. freedom from had odor without, etc.?
To keep out undesirable bacteria to keep products free from bad odors
ftbavrd
II I* Aim**! Worse Thnn Gelllnz
f re-
w ho has been
A "True Westerner
his Canadian brethren his irn-of the old country, declares
giving
and
pressions
that London is the loveliest place in the world—it is so big. so vast. Never-
points of detai 1 in
etj
WELLINGTON’S KINDNESS
Why is butter worked?
riV> lessen the per cent, of water and casein.
Why does the presence butter injure it?
It affords nourishment to bacteria which causes butter to decompose.
the less there are which our habits might be Improved
For instance, the writer con-
llow he Treated a loaiig Officer who Lamed
111% Horse.
of casein in
upon fesses :—
[ had less patience with the barber
shops of the old country than I can
a little
Lord William Pitt Lennox, who died
was in his youth a
of Wel-
a few years ago subaltern under 1 he Duk lington. Tie was fond of telling a story which shows how gentle and patient
sure to follow the slightest pressure; and whatever else you get or forget, have the shoe amply comfortable. Low shoes are decidedly better, and tan far cooler than black. Beware of patent leather or your trip is. certainly spoiled. Let the shoes be loose and easy. Suede is softer and more pliant than
no
You are seated in
straight-backed chair with a padded
rest for your head, no other upholster-^
Then you are a beardless man
Jack Robin-
tell
BEES AND HIVES
the great soldier could be.
The Duke once lent him his favourite horse, for a hunt, and warned him to I>e careful of the animal. Lord William obeyed the injunction to the extent of declining an invitation of brother officers to join them in a steeplechase which he gladly would hive done had the horse been his own Nevertheless. Wfore he got home the horse t>ecame lame, and as he led him into the stable, the horrified faces of the grooms presaged the anger with which the Duke would learn of what
to be abundant testi-from experienced bee keepers
There seems
mg
quicker than you can say
First time ! was left with lather in my ears and my face scarcely wiped. I insisted on having my neck shaved, and ever so many little extras done. Well, f paid for it. that's all. You pay for what you get there always. The scraping costs only a trifle, but they make up in the extras, which must include a tip for the barber, or you had letter never sit on his stool again. I should think an Englishman would go to sleep at once when being shaved in one of our elegantly uphols-chairs, such as are invariably
used in this country.
As to tipping, by-the-bye the writer
seems to have had one unique experi-whieh he caps with a .very good He says:—»
1 only found one abroad "who refused a tip. and he was a guard in the Hank of England. If [ had not left my (kodak iiehind I would have taken his picture. As our nd ship Canada was alout leaving Liverpool landing stage, one of our u;M8en#GT"s, holding a handful of change, shouted out in a loud voice. "If there is any man. woman or child here that (l have not tipped since have been in England. I am prepared to do it now."
raony
that a deep and wide entrance to the hive is better for large colonies than a smaller entrance. It gives room for the bees to pass in and out more rapidly. and it gives more IH Bees often quit wx>rk and loaf around
the front of the hive as
son
glaoe. and liefore starting provide abundant changes of linen collars. A golf cape is found a great convenience, as it can tw thrown on the shoulders in taking a nap during the day. and comes in nicely in case the weather is found inclement at the other end of the jour-This, the hand satchel and uni-
all one would re-
ventilation
some
hanging on if about to swarm so watin and so illy ventilated that
they cannot exist and be comfortable inside. We do not blame them for striking work under such conditions. I hey
usually occur with the largest colonies. and those with frames well filled, as the greater the number the greater the heat inside, and the greater the necessity for ventilation. If the colony is small and weak, the entrance could be narrowed up. 'which may help as a safeguard against robbing. Hut we
when the hives are
ne y
b relia should I*
quire.
The satchel should 1* of rattier large not too heavy to be carried by
te red
size
the lady herself, since it is often a useless hnnoyanoe to have to get a toy for your baggage at every turn The contents of the !>cst imaginable i*Lg were as follows handkerchiefs, a pongee silk wrapper to lie used as anight dress, whisk broom, hair brush, "tooth brush, comb, mani-instruments rolled into a close toilet sixmge in an oil-skin bag. small face towel, soap, three small medicine bottles, a tiny flask of brandy, for cmergeneie ¦ old and had never lieen required, yet she always felt safer to have it along —a stamp box. envelops, fountain pen, a bit of chamois and small powder hag. A small envelope, containing a few flaxseed, to 1* used Ln case something gets into the eye. small scissors, a spool of black thread, thimble and needles, shoe butt oner, smelling salts, a chenille dotted veil, to wear when leaving the train
had happened to the charger.
At dinner he met the Duke, who was evidently ignorant of the cause which
the voting soldier, and
e n ce
embarrassed who enquired how the horse had ac
quitted himself at the. hunt "He is a splendid animal,
•'and I would not have him
harmed for the world."
Lord William's heart quailed within hut he screwed up his courage
man while I was
Linen collars
said the
chief
usually think that a colony so weak that others rob it ia not worth trying to save. A wide alighting board in front of the hive la an advantage, as it prevents the bees from the necessity of alighting on ’ j ~“1‘ from the narrow and soiling the combs with muddy or dusty feet. If this were provided for, there would be lass said alout ‘ travel-stained" combs, for there would not »)e so much strain upon the comb it the bees had nothing to carry in excepting what Jhey had gathered from
the flowers, on a i
cure
case,
g fa
him to confess.
"I’m afraid he' is a little lame.' he said, expecting the next moment to be annihilated.
To his great astonishment the Duke said in a calm voice—
"Can't l>e helped.
this was just one year
the earth, or falling hoard to the earth
I
<
Accidents will happen and perhaps It is not so bad as you fear."
It was worse, however, and the next the Duke again approached
A MODE BN INSTANCE
There is truth in some of those old yet, despite the iconoclastic
morning
him.
sayings
touch of modern life, Even the worm
will turn, for example.
The worm in question was tall in
stature, but greatness of soul doesn't always select a commensurate abiding
Elvira, he began, hesitatingly and low ; I've been a pretty patient man.
A sniff was the only reply vouchsafed him.	......
A* pretty patient man. he iterated in
was coming.	stronger tones. Since the day we were
"So." continued the Duke, "in the j married you’ve run this hou8ehold U
sassss isêgëas
I’ve suffered to pass without protest. Hut the line has to he drawn somewhere. Tommy tells me— ,
He paused, overcome by emotion. Well, what? she demanded.
in ringing tones.
the flowers. Of course, with the hives W11 - Rtand broader than thp length of the hive the bees can alight on the stand and crawl into the hives It is
hives which have
; dark-green eye-glasses, safety her novel and a lemon. Nothing
he said to himself, "my hour
"Now.
has come, it will be in Cassio’s words. Never more lie officer of mine.' "
•	'' Ivook here, Lennox," said the I hike.
"Yes ; it's all up with me." the young man’s heart whispered.
"Look here, Lennox,; I can’t afford to run the risk of losing all my best
pi ns
to break, since compart mentale re provided for everything ; no need of tearing everything out to find what she wanted, and this woman says she is never at a loss for conveniences, and m often a good Samaritan for her less thoughtful sisters.
In packing for a long ocean voyage the steamer trunk is a necessity, fn this put only such articles as you shall actually use on the trip, but do lie careful to omit nothing. You then not forced to disturb your other trunks during the voyage. There are certain things you have accustomed yourself to In the way of toilet lux which you can do very well without and the safe rule of carrying as few lwttles as possible will stand in good stead.
Only people making a first trip try to curry changes of gowns. A handsomely made serge or homespun dress will look fresh and nice all the way ; with plenty of heavy shirt) waists and perhaps one nine silk waist or foulard dress to wear at dinner are all she v ill require much in vogue for travel, since they retain their stiff, smart, wiry appear-uoder all conditions of tempera-
in this way many use alighting board.
O'
no
GARDEN OF EDEN NEAR THE POLE.
For a long time it has been contended by many that the Garden of Eden was located on one of the table lands of Hindostan or Thibet, but now M. Louis Wilzer. a distinguished anthropologist, comes forward and claims that it must have been situated very near
the North Pole. His study of t ht* cranial formation of the various races ot mankind has led him to this conclusion. According to him, mankind may le broadly divided into two gieat races—the whites of Europe and the colored and yellow populations of Asia and Africa. Among the Europeans, he claims, the Scandinavians are the purest, and for this reason be maintains that the parents of mankind must have lived near the North Pole.
over __
the animal will hold its head up. the mouth of course open, and keep working the tongue In an endeavor to get the bit out and in this way th» gas escapes. It. is also said that a dose of sola is good. But one great trouble with all these remedies is that the bloating is not always discovered until too late and the animals die, therefore. T strongly urge all farmers to adopt the preventive measures T hove recommended and be safe from bloat.
I
horses
said Len
"No more hunting for me nox's conscience in anticipation of w hat
are
SHIFTED THE ADVANTAGE.
Woman, he hissed, between you and it shall be a duel to the death ! The lady smiled.
As the challenged party, said she. I have the choice of weapons. Let it
be hatpins.	.
Baffled, the villain threw his cloak around him and fled into the gathering darkness.
VIRTUOUS INDIGNATION.
First Burglar, indignantly.—Well, if here ain’t anudder one o' dem rascally bookkeepers short in his account»—dis cash book says $500 cash on hand, and de re ain’t but $200 in de safe. Wot in thunder is society a-ooming to. anyway ? I shall see to U dat his employer gits notified o’ dis ; Business men should protect one anudder!
unes
me
Tommy tells me that you’re going to cut down his oM trousers for me—for me, his father! There is w here I draw the line t
/SOME DAIRY QUESTIONS ANSWERED.
The following questions and answers regarding bacteria and other dairy matters should be suggestive to any one engaged in the production of milk:
Why should the udder, etc., of the cawe and the hands of the milker he made as clean as possible before milking?
To keep bacteria from getting into milk.
Why should milk be removed from stable as soon as possible after milking*	.
To prevent absorption of any odors of the stable.
«
11#
NEW PROJECTILE.
Experiments have recently l>een tried, in England with a project i le for cannon
the buse which completely closes the
bore so that no gases can escape past the ball. This not ionly prevents ero-but it enables good results to be attained with eroded guns. A new flinch gun fvas recently tried there which fired 8 shots in 66 seconds.
Dresses of lustre are
WHY IT PLEASED HER
It is provided with a ring at
Somehow the fact that she was stung by a bee does not seem to trouble her
atNo*;* it did for a while, until some one was thoughtful enough to tell her that a bee invariably went after the sweetest thing in the vicinity, and since then she has been all smiles and wear» the lump as a badge of honor.
anoe
tore
A nice gown is often carried in the steamer trunk or to wear in leaving the ship or to make a presentable appearance to friends who have come down to meet you. and a dressy little hat, which can b# packed easily.
sum

###PAGE###4###
A
Season of 1898.
The Pontiac Woollen Mills
Mosera. D ronton A Wee ton have aold their Petawawa and Bisect,a Creek limita to the Pembroke Lumber Company.
It is understood that Mr. Yeo, one of the P. E. Island members, will be appointed to one of the vacancies in the Senate.
The Gquity.
SHAWV1LLE, JULY 7, 1898.
After the Sheriff.
Dr. John Aylen, provincial inspector of jails and a y mm*, visited BrfSOH last the establishment of six independent AOuk jn ^ uthotal capacity and while
rifle companies of 40 men each, to be | there investigated certain charts that
Br'tlwiUbemounteJ nflo»!‘,lm,iy	' | AcooriiugT th«“ tournai repurUr the
charge was to the effect that the Sneritl “had sold wood to the government for As one of the results of the L*aurier	uae of the jssil «nd court house here,
Government tarritt it is announced that ju t|ltJ name of his son, Richard McNally, a 10 per cent, reduction in the wages of Esq., who runs u general store here, au.I
Hawaii
less than they charged the government
for it.	.
.	. The facts ef the case seem to be that
the County of Russell,Jhasadoptcd a bylaw I	lhe geueraj gture business here is
prohibiting bicycles within the bounds of conducted in the name of Simon McNally,
the township. Mr. T. Baa ment, presi- his son Richard is the manager and prodent of the Canadian Wheelmen's Associ prietor. During the winter of at ion, who is a lawyer of some prominence he procured quantities of wood of certain in Ottawa, when his attenton was drawn qualities from various parties largely on to the matter, did m»t hesitate to pin* i account, and sold considerable quantities nounco the bylaw ultra vires of the <,f it to the government, who require large township, and said he would look after it quantities each year for the use of the at once. As soon as he can get official in* court house and jail. The wood was sy i ti ovation that such a bylaw was passed, to the government at the same price for he will take steps to have it quashed. for which ho sold it to other parties, ana
the tarns price for which the same quality
The number of the faithful of the Orjtl j ^h^sTme purpose m 1897-98. What party who have “gone to their reward is ^ ri?8Ujt vf Dr. Aylen’s investigation is daily increasing and promises to aEsumv of Cl)Ur96 unknown, but there would seem large pioporturns before next session. bo absolutely nothing in the charges The last vacancy in the House of Conn mans, which is announced is for Levis, the late member, Dr. Guay, having bu n appointed general superintendent of quar was drowned in antine in place of Dr. Mont z unbert. I Templeton. The young man, who was who has been superannuated, after n but 24 years of age, had left with a few service of thirty two 4years. Dr. Mon- friends to spend the day in the hush, tizambert is only 55 years of age. is in They went to Hurtubise creek, which is a the prime of life and in robust health, abort distance from Gatineau Point. At and has the well earned and well desorv* ter partaking of a good supper, the young ed reputation of being the greatest auth- man went in for a swim and soon went ority on quarantine matters on this con I down, shouting for assistance. Cramps tinent. His superannuation in order had seized him as he was clinging to the that a place may be found for a hide boat. The young man is well known in bound politician, like Dr. Guay, is little, Hull and his death is much regretted, if anything, abort of an outrage, and will certainly not tend to improve the position of Canada with foreign nations, as it will tend to materially lower her standing on matters relating to quarantine.
The Minister of Militia has authorized
E. HODCIMS & SONS.
Having been thoroughly overhauled are again in full operation, fulfilling the requirements of the farmers of the surrounding country.
À
non
\4|
yjE OFFER
At Lowest Pros me, spue, &c,
j
dône on shortest notice and with the usual satisfaction
to customers.
Binder Twk e Haying and Harvesting Tools Machine Oils Harvest Mitts Paris Green.
There are
ninetynine kinds
The Council of Osgoode Township, in
The large stock of Goods In connection, namely of-^
of
TWEEDS WORSTEDS, SERGES, FLANNELS, PRINTS, &s
$

LAUNDRY SOAP

but
SUNLIGHT
j. i, mi.
will be found of the latest design, of superior manufacture, and at prices that cannot be honestly under, . cut. . .
AND
p. S.—Preserving Kettles and Jars.
Cleophas Belanger, a printer of Hull,
Hurtubise creek, E<st
IVORY BAR

lead
An
Inspection
all others
WILL REPAY INTENDING BUYERS,
Y
# e
A. HODGINS,
PROPRIETOR.
E. HODGINS & SONS.
#
Bigger and far better than e.ter before. That's what the Central Canada fair for 1898,to bo held in Ottawa, commencing Sept. 10th, is going to bo.
Only two years ago the direct ns expended 850,000 in ejecting new stock buildings and otherwise improving the grounds fur the benefit of their constantly inertas:ng patrons. This year they have obtained 880,000 from the corpov atiot
& pe :i
w : if
Shawville
Sash and Door Factory.
McCredie & Mains, Pronrietors.
&
H. PERRY,
Texas Fly Killer. - -
Practical Tinsmith,
. ' .1
ÆSÊt
has opened shop in the premises directly opposite the Russell House, Shawville, Que., where he has on display a fine range of
Hashes, Doors, Mouldings, Blinds, etc., manufactured to order.
All kinds of Matching and Planing done on shortest notice.
Estimates Furnished.
Feed and Provender G round.
f Ottawa ami the m mvy is being in further improvements. ie fiist place the grounds have been greatly enlarged; the addition is between seven and eight cores. Besides purchasing property the directors have tilled in the bay near Machinery Hall and what was oi.ee a hi 4 stretch of water is now simply a beautiful and picturesque lake with a running fountain in the centre.
A now imn main building, 310 feet long, is b i ;g constructed, and all exhibits, in eluding those in the ladies’ and tine art department a, will be on the ground fl >or
15 g addi ions are being made to the agricultural implement building and to : the poultry building. The rows of po ts that were a great obstruction in the ma | chincry hall have been removed. The extension of the poultry building is great enough to permit the doing away of the eecc ni story of coops, although many new classes have been added to the department.
Another improvement is the building of a whaif near the Elgin street gate.
And there has also been a large increase in the prize list. New classes have j = been added in every department, and in several the value of the prizes has been greatly augmented.
Thirty-two gold medals Jure offered as special sweepstake prizes for horses and cattle, and as usual there is a special prize for a milk test. The fact that the ac comodation for live stock at the Ottawa grounds is superior to anything in America, is known to everybody.
A gold medal is offered this year for Kensington embroidery (ladies’ department), Altogether the list of special prizes is far larger than that offered by an. similar association in existence.
As usual there will bo a night entertainment, and the very beat special stage attractions will be secured. The night eh-'W will include the presentation of that thrilling historic spectacle, “The siege of Delhi/’ With pyrotechnics it is possible to present thodread c inflicts of such a realistic manner that tho beholder forgets for the moment that it is simply the work of clever artists. By the use of fireworks and the assistance of Ottawa crack soldiers, tho famous siege of the
Indian mutiny, in which another striking _^^ example of 15ri i-h valor and endurance	Tr^?K Ma^*8
given, will be vividly portrayed.	CopyrightsVc.
What is undoubtedly tho wonder of the A	ne ,e„’lng „ .ketch and dewfrtpMon m»,
cCr £5? jsrrtf s: eehsskSE»
Ib.t di„ ft,™ . pl.if.rm 40 fart	-n,j~- oij» BgpUSftVfStm
high and race against each other without	$prciai notice, without charge, in the
rr... S2:L:. *: D"'' “lo Scientific American.
lh™r,	1%trt s^SSBSS^jSSfi
every respect to any yet seen in Cansds	MI|NN & CO.3®1 Br#~,"r*T-“CW TOflt
and will cirainly ay a visit.	Branch omce m f Washington, D C.
'fa-
ll
Why allow the
Farmers
Hies to torment your cattle when yon can get a remedy to prevent it. Texas Fly Killer will. It can be had at H. Lang’s store, Shawville, or from
OTQVEjALft
Tinware, Agateware,
Stoves, etc.
M
e e •
Special attention given to furnace work, hot water or steam fitting, plumbing and roofing.
ed of a Capital Rings
(I
Win n iu
COOK STOVE at prices away tl wn
1 see the stock
Fresh
Spring
Millinery
1
drop in at
George Hobitaille,
Agont, Radford, Q.
carried at
j
TOBACCO HEART.
/
g/ÿ* HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR HIDES AND PELTS,
GEO. E. Itiilil
""'AYE you
1 been smok-rg) in g a good deal I&tely and feel an occasional twinge of pain round yourheart Are you short of breath, nerves unhinged, sen sa-tionof pins and needles f going through your arm and fingers? Better take a box or two of Milburn’s Heart and Nerve Pills and get cured before things become too serious.
Here’s what Mr. John James, of Caledonia, Out..
mm"
In all flic Latest styles at
Ac
A Call Solicited.
Tinware Depot,
- - Shawville.
H. PERRY.
MISSAMcRAE’S.
I
Main St
b
March 8, 98.
•5
),
o
Ü
Lowest
Prices.
Juât returned from the city with a choice selection of the very latest and most attractive ........goods........

Best

Gciods.
i
mtm
"“¦«aun

&
---o---
A complete and elegant sortaient of Tin and Agateware constantly kept on hand
Q. E. Wainman,
Shawville, June 14, ’98.
Vrrvu
as
\
o
%
The ladies are respectfully invited to call and inspect stock.

%
MISS ANNIE McRAE, SHAWVILLE.

3
/ has to say about
“I liav heart

>
them :
serioasH|jHlB
for four years, caused by excessive use of tobacco. At times my heart would beat very rapidly and then seemed to stop beating only to commence again with unnatural rapidity.
“ This unhealthy action of my heart caused shortness of breath, weakness and debility. I tried many medicines and spent a groat deal of money but could not get any help.
Last November, however, I read of a man, afflicted like myself, being cured by Milhurn’s Heart and Nerve Pills. I went to Roper’s drug store and bought a box. When I had finished taking it I was bo much better I bought another box and this completed the cure. My heart has not bothered me since, and I strongly recommend all sufferers from heart and nerve trouble, caused by excessive use of tobacco, to give Milburn’s Heart and Nerve Pills a fair and faithful trial.”
• Price 50o. a box or 3 boxes for 11.26, all druggista. T. Milbum & Co., Toronto, Ont.
LAXA-LIVER PILLS cure Constipation, Biliousness snd Dyspepsia. Price 25c,


(
A
V.
A

XxV

U ;î
fs

I
if,


READ THIS!
hmS-
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
V
armies hi
y
o
XX^ANTED a man who desires to fill a steady, paying position and earn good wages. If you are at present employed, that need not prevent you from sending us a postal card to learn what we can do for you. We have the largest most complete 'ind thoroughly up-to-date nurseries In the Dominion. There is a largely Increasing demand for HOME GROWN NURSERY STOCK.
All supplies sent free; the trial costs you nothing; you get your pay every Saturday.
lr you cannot give full time to our Interests we can arrange liberal terms with you for part time Fruit Trees.
ofyuurrîfle it wtTno? rJif^oVreefTonly
•r

£ Marlin Repeaters ?'
lr tells all about them. Up-to-date Infor- & mutton about powders,black and smokt *
to,	«	*
Jacketed, soft-nosed, muehrooro. etc.:	w
trajectories, velocities,penetrations. All calibres 22 to 46 ; how to care for arma and ft
«%
waa
?
B. We grow a full line of Berry Bushes,Flowering Shrubs, Ornamental Trees. Hedging, Bulb Hoses and Heed Potatoes. All our stock guaranteed to live.
Write and tell us you are open for an offer and we will make you a proposition you will want to accept.

H
The
oraos
warranted and


For Prices on MARLINS, (any calibre) consult YOUR NEAREST DEALER.
Z, P. BLACKFORD 86 00.,
TORONTO, ONT




###PAGE###5###
THE WAR.
ne fi
For Sale.
Desperate Battle Near Santiago
OTBB ONE THOUSAND AMERICANS KILLED
AND WOUNDED.
On Friday last, July lit, a desperate battle waged between the American and •Spanish forces near the city, which result ed in the American troops driving the Spaniards from their entrenchments pro tooting the city. The position, however, was taken at great cost to the invading army, over one thousand of the American troops being killed or wounded in the engagement. The Americans who fought with much valor, suffered terribly from shells discharged by the Spanish fleet in Santiago hai bor.
The Flower of the Spanish Navy
gone
ADMIRAL CERVERA8 FLEET TOTALLY DBS TROY ED WHILE TRYING TO ESCAPE.
The undersigned offers for sale 0 young pigs 8 hogs and 6 hows, farrowed June 18th. 1898. Brea from Reg. Hog “Jack” No 948, «ntl Reg. sow. "Regan ’ No 1030—whose pedigree* can be seen at the owner's.
He also offers for service the above named Reg. Hog. Fee 11.00
HENRY T McDOWELL. 1 Lot 4. fl R. Clarendon.
Especially those fond of good living who are known as “men about town” are very careful about their attire. We are headquarters for these convivial fellows. Men, who a few years ago would not think of wearing anything but city made clothes, now go to A. It. McGUUiE.
Why f They get ns good tits, as choice patterns, and as well made as they can in the city.
July 4. '98.
PILGRIMAGE
EXCURSION
vfo
#	To QUEBEC and ....
•	Ste. Anne de Beaupre.
Tues., July 19, 98.
o
J
SUGAR.
THE STOCK-IX-TEAUE 9F
Geo. A. Graham - -
- - Starke’s Corners
• • e
We received, a few days ago, one car-load of Yellow and Granulated Sugars. Also, to arrive this week, one car of ^
The Seeretaay of the Navy at Wash* ington received a despatch on Monday from Admiral Sampson, stating that Cer-vera'n fleet made an attempt to escape
CONSISTING OF
Very low fare and through
from Santiago harbor on Sunday July 3rd I tickets, including fares Oil the
"a "3Z"	tin Tb" Hull and Ottawa Electric mad
number of Spaniards killed is unknown, to gO ftlld return.
1800 prisoners, including Admiral Cer-1	AgKgggggg
vera, were taken. The Spanish ships de
atroyed included the Viscaya, Christobal I 15 days from QnebeC, Moil-
S'Si-Jr Th"°“~lh* b" | treal and Ottawa>thout any
extra charges.
The only excursion and by far the cheapest of the season.
For particulars, rates, etc.
Berlin, Julv 2—On the beet authority I seg posters ill railway StU-
G.™..;"?™.1.1 tiens and elsewhere.
and IiuBaia reached an understanding to inteiforo in the Philippines when hue tilitiea coaso to prevent the United State* or Groat Britain gaining possession of I Oil July 19tll.
,b, .hi. ,1 ,h. iel.nde,	|	Ottawa
12.30 p. m. from Canada At-
a complete range of
i
Having been purchased by the under feigned, he desires to inform the people of the surrounding country that he intends carrying on business in the same premiers, and by square dealing and stiiet attention to the retirements of the public, he hopes to merit a continuance of the patronage extended to Mr. Graham.
BINDER TWINE.
Extension tickets good for
:
We offer these two lines at lowest
Are They Looking lor Trouble
market prices for spot cash.
OERMANY, FRANCE AND RUSSIA PAYING
THE WAY FOR IT.
G. F. HODGINS.
i
I

June 30th.
SILAS YOUNG.
Passengers along the P. P. J. R. will take local train on
Bristol Wlwf
Death to Worms.
“My little girl 7 years old used to grind her
11antic station.
and It acted promptly and with good effect,
—Mrs. Joe. Duty, Port Gilbert, N. 8.
—A N 1)
Sei ii Point Ferry.
From Montreal passengers will travel by the splendid steamer “Three Rivers”.
—o
Until further notice, the undersigned, v ho lias secured n good safe boar, will carry passengers and freight every day (Sundays except d) b' twef n above named places at
the usual raise.
Leaving Bristol Wbrv f a? s n.m., it 1
“ Sand Point “1013 a. til.. AH. 15, p. m.
special trips run when they will not interfere with ttv regular.
Shot his Friend.
WERE OUT HUNTING ANI)TOOK HIM FOR
AN ANIMAL.
p. m.
-----	Good Meals at 25c. Tea and Coffee
Webbwood, Ont., July 1—W. King, at 5o. a cup and other refreshments on blacksmith, of this village, and A. Mil* | board the steamer.
1er, a friend of his, took a holiday today,	Children Half Faro
went back into the country about seven	9	.
miles on a hunting trip. It appears that Parties not wishing to take in the trip they agreed to separate, King going in to Ste. Anne's may land at Quebec and 0110 direction and Miller in another. A spend the moat of the day in the Ancient
few minutes after they separated King Capital, saya he hoard a noise in the bush and Pilgrims from Portage du Fort and thought it was some animal, and he Bred | lloss leave Haley a at 8.23 a. m. taking and shot his companion in the back of care to secure return tickets from Haley * the head, killing him instantly. King to Renfrew and chauge of cars at Ken-
says be fully believed that Miller was in frew.	t
another direction entirely and misled by Passengers will be conveyed to the Miller having a white handkerchief Parry Sound station in Renfrew on stages
around his neck.	free of charge.
Ho could only see the white ends uf it I For Berths on board of steamer and
when he tired, thinking it was the white | other details apply to fur of some animal. Miller is a young man, well respected, and only been married a short time. He comes from Arden, dale,Out., where his widow, now resides.
King, who is a hard working steady
feels his position keenly, and
GEORGE BALIA MINE.
Bristol, April 21
IJS


I
{
Harry McDonald, of Ottawa, defeated Chas. F raser, of Brockville, for the rowing championship of Eastern Ontario and a purse of 8100, on Dominion day.
Policeman Michael Twohey, of London, Out., was recently shot and killed by a tramp while assisting a C. P. R. policeman whom the tramp and his companion were beating for ejecting them from a car.
The viscera of Hubert, the man who was supposed to have been poisoned in Aumond township after partaking of h s breakfast, has just arrived from Quebec, where they have been analyzed by Dr. Vallee. The latter reports that no trace of poison could be found in the viscera of the deceased.
w #
i
r
Central Canada

h y V ü L

k W fir
i

Eleventh Annual
Coasts ôp l
.olds. B roil- »
EXHIBITION
*3
Rev. G. Pi cotte
Calumet island.
)
hm i
9
Sore

AT
r\*- s\
V, VJ AT EON A CO , Pnomrrz
fciCNTarAL.
OTTAWA, OUT,
SEPT. 16 ™ 24,1 ’98,
Doan Cures Backache.
“I have been troubled for several years with kidney disease, pain In the back, dizziness and sleeplessness, so that at times l could not work. Doan’s Kidney Pills which
ville, Ont.
young man is very much depressed. The men were fast friends.

> :KtC
m
The Mennon tea camp meeting at Berlin, Ont., attracted thousands of poop’e on a recent Sunday. Great religious enthusiasm has been manifested. A feet washing service was held. A large number took part. Etch man washed his neighbor’s feet in a big tub provided, af ter which the two would embace and kiss. The women did likewise.
Cold Blooded Murder at Almonte*
PAT ENTS
Henry Gray, employed at the Almonte knitting mill, was murdered some time during the night of Tuesday last, while at his poet of duty. The foul deed is attributed to a gang of burglars, who broke into Wylie's roller mill the same night
and blew up the safe. It is thought that I 2.	1
the burglars were detected by Grey enter	ford, 2 ;	Mary	Morrison, 3.
ing a blacksmith shop near which his body	Ethel Stark, 1 ;	Eva Dagg, 2	;	Amanda
was found, and that they shot him to es-	Cox, 3.	Sr. 2.—-Eva Brown	1	; :	lagan*
Morrison, 2 ; Hattie Crick, 3. Sr. let — Stella Murphy and Ernie Lynch, 1 ; Law Harris, 2 ; Jennie Lynch, 3. Jr. Bella Stark, 1 ; Yuuco Storm, 2 ;
Laura Leitoh, 3.
M.E. Corrigan, Tea h;r.
Over $75 000
PROMPTLY SECURED
Honor Bolls for June
o
EElSSil
von firee our opinion as to whethe. > JJJ
Highest references furnished,
MARION & MARION PATENT SOLICITORS & EXPERTS
gBHNI
OFFICES: { ItLANTIoVuRDINC0. WASlIINCTOhi oV
(School No. 3, Clarendon.)
Sr. 4.— Herbie Smart, 1 ; Lillie Smart, Jr. 4.—EL Smart, 1 ; Annie Fu!-
Sr. 3-
exponded this year in extending and improving the grounds and electing new building?.
Charged with Murder.—Last week.
Gillie?,
a deputation composed of Mr.
M. P. P , Pontiac, in Quebec, and Mack, it*, M. P , for Renfrew, together with ex Mayor Rankin, Dr. James and Mr. Lamothe, all of Mattawa, conferred with Hon. Mr. Sifton as to the arrest of an In* diun named Lafarce, of Grand Lac Reserve, who ia charged vi.h murdering his wife on March last; also murdering or unding at different times before that, several members of the tribe.
Mr. Sifton pointed out that such a case
did not come under his jurisdiction, but that the Attorney General of Quebec the party to look after it.
The Prizes have been increased in all Live Stock Classes, including Poultry and Pigeons, besides 32 Gold Medals a? “Special Sweepstake Prizes” for Horses and Cattle.
New Main Building 310 feet long, constructed of iron, Agricultural Implement Hall and Poultry Building enlarged, New Dining Halls, in brief all buildings re-construct#* ahd enlarged.
Superior Live Stock accomodaton, New and Novel Special Attractions fur day and night, including Diving Horses, Horses with records of 2.12 and 2.17 that race alone on the track without riders or drivers (7 in number,). The horses dive like human beings from a platform 40 ft. high into a tank of water. The tank is an excavation in the ground 40 feet long, 20 feet wide and 10 feet deep.
cape ca- ture.
re a ce 1st.—
Clarendon Council
Townhall, Sbawvllle, 4tb July, 189S.
”Regular session of the council this day.
Members present—Mr Mayor Thus. Mender-
gas ; Councillors John rtievvart, riios. Me-.	x
Far lane, James Hart. Alex. Workman, and	(SCHOOL NO. D, S. ONSLOW)
wm;v. McDowell. M.uute.of l..« meet.n, ,y ^ A„uie E Cralg , 2, An-
Moved bv coun John Stewart, sec. by couu nie ^ Craig; 3, Peter McCann.
U„.-l Freemau Merrifield ; 2 John firmed Carried.	Craig ; 3, Robbie McK.au auu bam
«jsi'ejsnsia»•¦«. »a~7u =*
be and is hereby Instructed to visit the road I Emma Steele, o, -l<il!io >>iiBon. 11 in the centre of Lot l*,4tn range, with au t h- prjmer ._i Geo. McGillis ; 2, Ettie
; 3, Olive Merntield. 1 Primer. Moved by coun John Stewart, sec by coun —lt Allan McGill’.» ; 2, George Steele ;
3. Eddie Moore »udHem.oTwa
bridge near Armstrong i cheese factory an j I	1 ENA IvObs, icacnor.
ascertain whether it Is built according to specification or not, and repoit as early as possible, and If the r port Is favorab’e the tiec f r apurer is Instructed to pay the am t. of the cont Moved by
wo
SCROFE
111
I
was

« My little boy. aged 7 rears and
victim of Scrofula on
i $ months, was a tins face, which all thv doctors said was
To tell the truth he was so
Your Servant and Protector.
Scotch Collie dogs are remarkable for their great intelligence and ability to ho trained as your servants. They are the children,» favorite and a protection to any home. Potts Brothers, Parkesburg, Pa , supply a large number and in their dealing with us they have been very honorable.
incurable» HI ### bad that I could not bear to look at him.
At last I tried a bottle of Burdock Blood Bitters, and before it was half used he was gaining, and by the time he had three bottles used he was completely cured. I cannot say too much in recommendation of B.B.B. to all who suffer as he did.” JOSEPH P. LAB EL LE, Mani-wake P.O , Que.
SCHOOL NO. 2, WALTHAM.
rset. Carried.	I Class IV.—Annie Creighton aud_Essie
«rtssessasss asa *	she
in;, that is. achwoge made In the road over , \y,ttf 3	\ Class.—Eddie Taylor, 1 ;
lUMovedi>y coun Workman, sec by coun Me- Johhnie Taylor, 2 ; Alexin a helson, 3. Dowell, tliatcoun hiewart be and Is hereby , Attendance.—Ella Campbell, Gertie
W.tt. Conduct. Lizzie Xel.on, Lottie
have It ele *ued oat, the cost not to exceed Robinson.
4i'M0Cv,dleby coun Hart. ,ec by coun John I	HattU S. Tatlob. Teacher.
Siewart that coun W. C. McDowell be and
is hereby Instructed to examine the Robert ( Toronto, June 27.
“nU “P“‘‘ ÜOt m°re pire to day give, «" account of the for-Moved by coun Stewart, tec by coun Hart mat ion of a new Irish Catholic political
SS5J ««"” stts sar	-5
Moved by coun McFarlane, sec by 00 ;.» co'religionist# have not been well treated
by either «he provincial or Dominion 50c. each, 3,60.	governments. The object of the organi-
s5a&£SfflB5iS8B sS^^tttSXK
The council then adjonrued. .	cabinetsand secure a largo represtation on
11X70,1 IxEïïmSmt j the flour of the House of Commons.
>
¥.
Evening Entertainment
There can be no question about it. Burdock Blood Bitters has no equal for the cure of Sores and Ulcers of the most chronic and malignant nature. Through its powerful blood purifying properties, it gets at the source of disease and completely eradicates it from the system.
as usual. Magnificent Spectacu-ular ; ' The Siege of Delhi" every night with fireworks, and .. .all specialties performing-
Strifce on the 0. A. B.
Ottawa, July 1.—All the section men on the Canada Atlantic Railway and the Ottawa Arnprior & Parry Sound Railway numbering 400, weufc on strike today for higher wages. They are paid #1 a day and have been negotiating for some months for a year’s agreement at $1,10 a day. Finally the railway authorities refused to treat with the men as a body, but only individually. The men then went out on strike, ani now demands $1,25 a day. This is a very serious mst... for the system, as it mav lead to further trouble, and a practical tie up at the busiest time of the year.
*

The Mail and Em
Special Low Bates on all lines of travel.
mem-
Eor all particulars address
BURDOCK
Blood Bitters.
Wi, Hutchison, M.P., E, McMahon,
¦T Secretary. 26 Sparks St.
President.
ter
"
» t-
•fit
i
.


###PAGE###6###
profit in such quarter*.	sustain
thee. Vet In so doing she was herself sustained and blessed. 9. They who contribute to liod's cause receive more t liait l bey give
He arose and went throughout Elijah*» history th-> prompt»
ness with which he olwyed tfis COB*»
The gate of An old tradition locates
"Three miles." O, three miles is a go over. 1 want to see what they do 1 will you stop* In what society will good way for an old man to travel there, and I want to see how they do you minglet What will Ite your des-after he has Item whipped and crip- it. I do not want to he looking through tiny f Listen ! Listen I Again I hear pled with maltreatment. Hut they the gates ajar for ever. 1 want them the hells ringing ; hut it is a fire-hell AOon gVt to t lie plav^ of execution— to swing wide open There are ten | tolling for the conflagration that nev-XtMiuae Salvia—and he is fastened to thousand things 1 want explained ; er goes out. I hear the drums Iwating; the pillar of martyrdom. It does not	about	you, alamt myself,	aUmt	the	hut it* is the .funeral march of a soul
take any st rength to tie him fast, lie	government of this world,	about	(!od,	"And there shall lie weeping and wall
nukes no resistance. O Haul, why a limit everything. We start in a plain j ing and gnashing of teeth."
___	„	|U)j noXv strike for your life f You |mth of what we know, and in a min- A man in the street was fatally in
%ge More Friend* lie Heaven Than Here ^ IVV ,4 grvîlt many friends here. With ute come up against a high wall of Jared, and was carried into the nearest -iarlMlU to know Uhal Is Heyornl t |l;i1 wit lie red hand just launch the what we do not know. I wonder how tuiu.se. lie says: "1 have often heard
thunderbolt of tlie jieople upon those it. look* over there / Somebody tells me <>( people who die unpivpared, hut I infamous soldiers. No I Haul was not it is hke a paved city—paved with never thought 1 would he one of them, going to interfere with his own cor- gold ; and another man tells me it Is What must I <U> to be saved i" Hut be-onation. He wits too glad to go. I	like a	fountain, and it is	like a	tree,	hire the answer came, life wan extinct.
•The time of my departure is at j ^ jliin |0Oking up in the face of his	and it	is like a triumphal	procession;	Death was departure for hint—hut Ol
I executioner, and as the grim official sad the next man I meet, tells me that for w hat place f
l j it is all figurative. I really want to
SHUT OUT FROM THE SDN
REV. DR. TALMAGE PREACHES ON THE CHRISTIAN S DEATH.
Notice
10
man du of God’s Spirit
MV'H
the very s|*>t of thia mooting south ¦	The widow woman
An unpropitioua prospect
VTtira rani l.efl Thl» Warid-4 permit lira I Joy oh HI* Fare-Dread of Old
of the city was there.
not encouraging to the fleshly nature— a eup|K>rt from a starving widow 1 Hut Elijah knew that the thread of God# purpose, howsoever frail it see ms, is a cable that human strength can never break A lit t It* w nter. from h&e journey; she
with hunger. 10. Two atoms with omnipotence behind (hem are mightier than two kingdoms in Haul’s name.
11. She was going. In her own need she was mindful of another’s need* and was ready to help to the limit of her power. A morsel of bread. It. was not a selfish request, but was made under divine direction, to show the widow’s want, and awaken her faith. Perhaps, alst\ Elijah was not quite sure whether she whs the one, to whom God had directed him. and spoke to her M a t4Wt.
This fjirlhlv Termina»*
A despatch from Washington an y 8 Dr Ta linage preached from the follow -text
hand."—2 Tim. iv. ti
He was thirsty was failli shed
I he way out of this	ani now ready to lw offered, and the I know, after the body is resurrected,
blocked up with coffin, and hearse, amt , ^xme ^ departure is at hand." Hut what they wear and what they eat; and undertaker's s;»ade, and screw-driver, | |lU, mv hamt over my eyes. 1 want j I have an immeasurealile curiosity to
P-% zns?iza	ï » %%	j	‘51 ™nati°nal less°* july *°
in all his history. NN e hang black m-	^King.	shudder to go out on a voyage of dis-1 ^
stead of white over the place where \\ ilut a transition it was I From the	covery which shall reveal a vaster and
the good man gets his Inst victory We malaria of Home to the finest climate	more brilliant country? John Frank-
.U„,l weeping over a heap of chain, in .11 O.	w.'r»	| Iwe:n Wher^:':nd Iw/VZZd To
which the freed soul has shik.n i it. (}uJ jn ( CAtac<iml* of Home, hut in	i find a passage to eternal summer?
¦ moment the air of heaven bath-	Men in Switzerland travel up the
ed from his soul the last ache. From heights of the Mat tern horn with ni-1 expressed his character, which warn unshipwreck. from dungeon, from t he pine-stock and guides, and nn kets and I	rmui . aud radice|	fidelity
biting pain of the elm-wood rods, from ropes, and getting half-way up, slum-	12. As the Lord thy God liveth. Am-
the sharp sword of lhe headsman, he hie and fall down in a horrible	nias-	1 he imd or Israel. >\e know e y	<>|lg ^ H^|)rewa *kis wai the most
goes into t he inoat brilliant nseemIV «acre. They just	wanted to say	they	little of his history and nothing of his. sofemn of oaths or invocation#. That
lagv of heaven, a king among king#,	had been on the tops of those high	ancestry. (V Nbt " w ho ’’ a man ie. hut	» i>agan woman adopted it shows simply
multitudes of the sainthood rushing	peaks. And shall we fear to go out	,	.	i„„w,n .ml nuea-	that ehe knew that Elijah was a devout
out and	»tretching forth hands of	for the ascent of the	eternal hills.	wnal *	'	\\ .t,, V	Wieverin God-that is. Jehovah. She
welcome;	for I	do really think that	which start a thousand	miles beyond	tiou. I he lishlnte.	I erha|>s indicating	Uf|ed the words that would he most un-
t he	right	hand of Uo«l is Vhrist, I where stop the highest	peaks of the	that he was a native of a place called	pressivs <m him; it kioea not follow
ao on the	right	hand of Christ is Haul,	Alpe. and when in that	ascent there	ykshhi or Tiahbeh	of which nothing	that she herself worshipped Jehovah I
•xrssr&s Sus». .«O- Li.s’.r.i,' v	....... rSJSszr'te
tiw hour of death, and up to the last	Joy: ‘‘Now in ten minutM luill know	oust side of the	Jordan, a lofty tabla-	|y imrley, the. rlieapest grain f<*>d. A,
moment, he wits under Nero, the thick-	the great secret " (hie minute	land, stretching	to the Syrian desert,	barrel. An earthenware jar. Oil. Olivo
TP'S
bringing down to us, to this very night knew more	than Jonathan	Edw-	He. It is noteworthy that the gieat	oruw A lad tie. Two sticks. A couple
day, t he horrible possihilit ies of hi# arris or St. Paul	himself liefore	they	eat prophets of the past and the great-	0f stivks ; not meaning exactly two. hut
nature-seated as he was amid pic- died. Friends,	the exit from	this I preachers of the present began life	a very few. Dress it. Cook it. That we
'ÆÏÏTwUh	in !lMMhrChriitVlHtiT,x5.n" ¦" .h, free life of the country. Said un-	i. ..mUlie, Word, of the met
It is ilium- to A hah. For once the wicked king 13 Carnot. It would lie a helpful
It is t he op- j hoard the voi<^e of a man, and not of | task to sot the scholars on a search for It is shut-
THE SUNDAY SCHOOL.
i
KlIjMh Ihr Trophcl." king-» IT. Ml l.olilcn Text. I king- IT. I#.
PRACTICAL NOTES.
Verse 1. Elijah. If is name means Jeb-tviih Ls uxy Ciod.” and the name
Poor maul What a
and we nay pity it warn he had to come to this."
By the time people
OIK
Couie to w hat f hive assembled at the obsequies, that man has been three days so happy that all the joy of earth accumulated would bo wretched ness beside it ; and he might
better weep over you because you have to stay, than you weep over him because he has to go thing that a good man dove nut have to wait to see his own obsequies, they would be hu discordant with his own experience. If the Israelites should go back to Egypt and mourn over the brick-kilns they once left, they would not be any more silly than that Chiis-tian who should forsake heaven and
tus cm
It is a fortunate
man
un and mourn because he had
cuint
to leave this world
a dining-room which by machinery was tion. It is démonstration, kept whirling day and night with most i ination It is sunburst. l«e\\ itching magnificence; his horses ening of all the windows
standing in stalls of solid gold, and (ting up the catechism of doubt, and the	.	.
the ground» around his palace lighted | un rolling of all I he scrolls of posit ive | Israel iiveth. His mission was to pio-
at night by his victims, who had lieen	and accurate informât ion. Instead	of
It was a scene of	w ith tar and pitch and then	standing at the fool of * he ladder	and
great physical distress. It was the	set on fire to illumine the darkness,	j hooking up. it is standing at the	top
Tu Ilian urn. the lower dungeon 1 of the Tbit was Paul's king. Hut the next ,>f the bidder and looking down. It is
moment he goes into the realm of	j the last mystery taken out of liolany.
Him whose reign is love, and whose	and geology, and astronomy, and the-
was bad enough—it	having	no	means	of ; courts are paved with love, and w hose	I ology. O. w ill it not lie grand to have
ingress or	egress but	through	oil open-	throne is set on pillars of love, and	a!l questions answered I The perpetu-
w hose sceptre is adorned with jewels	ally recurring interrogation-point
of love, and w hose palace is lighted	changed for the mark of exclamation,
with love, pul whose lifetime is an	All riddles solved. Who will fear to
came all	the	food, and air. and light	eternity of love. When Paul was	g(, out on that discovery, when all	the
received.	It	was a terrible place, that	leaving so much on this side of the	questions are to he decided which	we
pillar of martyrdom to gain so much have liven discussing all our lives? on t he other side, do you wonder at \Vho shall not clap his hands in the the cheerful valedictory of the text : anticipation of that blessed country, if "The time of my departure is at if he no better than through holy curiosity ? crying parture Is at hand."
I remark again; we ought to have the joy of the text. I realise leaving this world wc move into the liest society of the universe. You see a great crowd of people in some street, and you say :
"Who is (Kissing there ? What general. what prince, is going up there?"
"Well I srf a great throng ini heaven.
Who is the fa*us of all that admiration ? Who is the centre of that glittering company ?" It is Jesus, the champion of all worlds, the favourite of all ages. Do you know what is the first question the soul will ask when it comes through the gate of heaven ? I think the first question will lie
that (Kirdoned my sin; that carried my
that fought my battles; that
O radiant. One !
departure implies a starting-
place, and a place of destination. When Paul left this world, what was the dtarting-poi nt ?
X ow
flattering courtiers. As the LordUud of | nqietitii ns of this little sentence in the
Bible. It and its equivalents are rerepeated more frequently than any other injonction. except, peril© fore | haps. "Praise t he I/ord."
me tlieroof a little cake first. Astonishing as this demand is to us it was in accordance with oriental feel-secution made a bold confession, (filings. To-day in India a fakir or holy
Why should any follower of the living	might make a similar demand of a
God he ashamed to own his service! | W()ul|| |irolmlj|y reoeive lhe foot, lhe
There shall not lhi dew nor rain. Per-I case of Elijah and the widow woman haps not alwululely none, for then the the prevalent superstition, and rever-country would Iieconie a desert, but ence for the holy orders are ennobled a drought sufficient to	convince	king	into an act	of living	faith	in the pro-
und people that it came	directly	from	phet’s God.
the hand of God. Hut according to my i 14. The Lord God of Israel. He appeals
word. This would prove	that he	spoke	to the same	power to	w hich	she had re-
hy a divine authority.	How big	doth	verently alluded. Shall not	waste. The
when he speaks in God s stock shall not he lessened. The Lord
(3) See in this | yg^deth rain. Here is a lesson, often ig-faitb and otm
claim Jehovah as against Haul, a liv
Make
ing (loti against dead idols whom 1 stand. He stood liefore God
as his servant, and in an age of per
Mimer tine pi is m
I’he tup dungeon

Through that the pi i
ing in the top soner was lowered, and through that
A
upper dungeon ; but the Tullianuin was the lower dungeon, and that was still more wretched, the only light, and the only air coming through the roof, and | hand ?
l’he time of my de
he speak
name."—Bishop Hail the fidelity, couragt die nee of God's prophet
why cannot all (lie old people
the same
tbit roof the fioor of the upper dungeon. That was Paul's last earthly residence. It was a dungeon just six
feet and a half high. It was a doleful fount( a grey hair, and lie sent it to place. It hud the chill of long ran- the Queen as a great joke; but old
?s i'Lî’.SV.'. tLIYJS
surge ou should go into that dungeon jnrf	^Lich ought to have I wen an
where Paul is incarcerated, we might exhilaration. You say you most fear
of i t lie struggle at the moment the soul
Bui millions have ind why may
Now
•of my congregation have holy glee as that aged man had ? ( bar I les 1„ when he was combing his head
nored, that we should impress on our _	.pupils; whenever the rain falls it is
2. Vite word of the Lord. Iiow it	Lord that sends it; whenever the
stock of provisions at home is renewed it is the Lord that renews it. (11) , He gives us day by day our daily bread king Hide thyself. (4) There are tiniesl nd U| (h|l truiy fievout heart this
when God's servants must stand ttn" thought should be as constantly pre-
"	’ ' k ‘ sent in times of prosperity as in ex-
tremities.
15. She went and did. And received the reward of her faith. If men and women were made of the same stuff iu those days as in these there were others who had as clear belief
came we know not.
3. Turn thee to eastward
where ho had met the
From
Samaria
1
times when they may fly
Cherith.
ning into the river Jordan from the mountain region. It has been supposed by some to be the Wady Kelt, near Jericho.
4 Thou shall drink of the brook. Kept running longer than others to supply his needs. 1 have commanded the ravens. Birds of prey were to bring food to God's servant. Some would cluing'- the Hebrew orebim into arabitn, "Arabians," and say that he was fed by wandering Araks; but if we believe in miracles at all. why not
say
An unknown torrent run
fiud out whal are the prospects
Paul's living through the rough im- and body part prlsonment. In the first place, he is endured that moment
only two years short of pot we as well, they got through w' seventy. At that very time when he | it » pod so can we. I besides i his, a most needs the warmth, and the sun- medical men agree in sh m ^ i na light, and the fresh air. he is shut out there is probably no struggle at all from the sun.	I at the bust moment.—not so much pain
W hat are those scars on his ankles? as the prick of a pin. the seeming signs
¦HPMW * HP
of the executioners They come and holy curiosity to know what is beyond ! lo save our souls from death and g y The word of the Lord. It came employment for L lot of otber l'eo"
aeeeas
au old man
many
in the Lord God of Israel as she. but dared not go and do. The Lord Jesus found no scarcity of peop!e to applaud the story of the Good Samaritan, but when he said. "Go t hou and do likewise,1’ not many obeyed him. One secret of Christian effeo ,	.	. .	* «	„ „# tiy.ri,, tiveness is to do as well as we know.
¦'-===:£ StS-iSZSrSS
to the word of the Lord's servant. Whet lier Christians will or not they are treated in the same way now, (1J) We are God's epist les, read and known of all men. Many days. Very likely more than two years. Our authorities for the three and a half years' duration of the famine are Luke 4. 25, James 5. 17.
Where is Jesus., the Saviour

)
1
)


According
I
He had
I
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
The hinges of true friendship never
rust.
Pressed corn beef is more substantial than pressed autumn leaves.
The proud father is always anxious to give bis first baby a-weigh
The success of the man who fails for a million is something phenomenal.
A fisherman has plenty of leisuio time in which to think out scaly sior-
les
was
i
Mw

s
now
was

SWEDISH STEEL

up
Home remarkable sfieoimens of Swedish steel have been shown in the Stock-
One was a ribbon of
Jesus, let one wave of that glory roll
Hark, I
place*? You ask me a thousand ques- hear the wedding t>ells of heaven ring-lions about it that i cannot answer, j ing now.
feet long. It was so thin ns to weigh
hole in the into
I
er



man
our spear, Hurry along it,” says Paul, " M

###PAGE###7###
We Undertake To Please
YOU, Or Return Your Money
An instrument for swing objecte under water h;w t*»en invented by a hydrographic engineer of Russia. By its aid the Ivottoin of rivers, to a depth
of from forty-five to sixty feet, can lie distinctly viewed. In the examina lion of wrecks this submarine teles cope will be of great service.
"Quickcure" cures toothache, and all
order from fire-fight era into warriors «gain, and formed a line of bleeding men, their clothing In rags, and, ranged in company front, stokers elbowing marines, pantrymen leveling rifles in unison with midshipmen, awaited the coming of a fleet of the enemy's bouts, w hic h crowded with marin •» were forcing their way through the water toward the wounded, stag-gv dng Huascar that lay like a log, The following describes the engage- mot ion loss
ment Between Chilean and Peruvian | But fire
A PEN PICTURE OF VAR
Eat in Haste
MONSOON
And suffer at leisure. When your alkused stomach can no longer cheerfully and properly jwrforro its duties, a few doses of Hood's Sarsaparilla arc like fresh water to a withered plant. This medicine tones the stomach, rest orea digestive strength, creates an apatite and with a little care in diet the patient is soon in perfect health. Try it and you’ll believe in it
A FAMOUS SEA FIGHT BETWEEN
CHILI AND PERU.
Is Pure, Healthful and Lellcloue. SOLD BV AU 0B001BS. Id Lead PaokeU onlf. 20. 30, 40, 50 and SOo per pound. ____
The Horror ef Warm Warfare Vividly For-Ireyed-Awful Slaughter ea Iter Fere-vlaa Irou # lad H usera r

pain
fire raged between decks and
Ironclad» off the coast of Uolivia in I flarn.e flared up the after-companionway; and when the boats had crowded
l“e around, like threshers attacking a
encouraging voice of Grau had come whale that had been struck to death.
to the men in the turret through the	survivors were compelled to
yield to the force of numbers—Century Magazine.
SfirSR- I	I be hospitals in Moscow \h
****	large enough to accommodate 7,004)
pari I la piunti
Hood’s
From the first of the battle
¥
lu Cn n I daw (Jroatost M ^ line. >1 ; mil for $6 Mood # Fills cure constipation. 26 cent*.
Dominion Line Steamships,
T HÔMÂS PHOSPHATEPOWDER
«
Speaking-tube from the conning-tow -sr ; but when the Blanco crowded into 1870;
the thick of it, and great shots struck the Huascar's sides aa regularly as blows of a battering ram, the orders I of our grandmothers are in no wise reef the commander were no longer | turning yet one of tl*e most popular beard
Montr-ftl end Quebes U Liverpool lo OT»mer. Large and fssl iwm ecrew eUemehip# * Labrador, ' yeu* couver,' * Dominion/ ‘Scotsman,' ’ Yorkshire Superior aoeommosatlou for First Cabin, Ben-on d Cabin and Steerage passengers. Rates of passage- First Cable. 16160 ; recend Cable, 134 ; Bieemge 122 60 and upwards accord 1 ug to steamer and berth. For all Information apply to Local Ageete, or David Torrance Sl Co* Gen I Agente. 17 At. Sacrament 8U Mon treat
ITEMS OF INTEREST.
•Y P C t*5
HAIR JEWELRY
A Few Fera graphs Which May
Worth Rending.
All fresh-water snakes in India are harmless. and all «alt water snakes
The times are modern, find the days
LAW
1 he officer in charge of the | fashions of long ago is coming back turret called to hi» superior warn no answer, and when Commander I jn no half-hearted way, for very many Elias Aguerre ran up the narrow lit- <>f thie younger generation are taking tie ladder that led to the tower, be | a hi*en interest in it, and if all signs gtumbled over the dead body of his ad
A shell had struck the con
ar«* poisonous.	| ^ OKONTO CUTTING SCHOOL offer* special
Robert Taylor, the Postmaster at I inducement* to young men deelroue of
Sr larva, County Down, Ireland, is «aid |	u- ^/j.n(fNutiUSTP.YÔÎ,ONTO.D ‘PPl'
to tie 134 years of age.
Customs change. Among the Phoenicians, in ancient days, the wearing of 11* ARIVIS earrings was a badge of servitude.
Warm meals are supplied to oil the
pupils in the public schools of >>ur'H I nA|||T aarUFâP Yoneenneett on old The cost of a meal is aliout two rents, r Hill I 9Q v 11 E#1 r st ingie roofe or ¦l<1 omutnents are golden brown and red, _ ,,	,	.,	„	building».-u»#d My w». With »good epray^r you o*n
*°IZTZt %%%	|
lor***, «aide, and the new command- tint Tip main thin* Is that you ^n"thJ'fis'h^hi%%h*y a™7reTh.
In* officer pulled back the tube-flap	gh,JU|,i bave nome stray vagrant strands	A	,)aMHenger car	on „	steam	railroad
to give hi» directions; but as ho did	0f ^ rnadb into some bit of jewelry.	costs	from	$4.000	to	$5,000;	a	baggage
|o the Huascar staggered, keeled over. juet what sort of jewelry fashion does thejQ shook in every plate, while a con-	,lot attempt to decide definitely
I usai on more terrific than any so far | ftnowe belle and beau a wide latitude told that a shell had entered the tur
There Hair jewelry is in vogue again, and
For Sale
Iron Turning Lathe, sixteen inch swing, six foot bed, rod and gear full, countershaft complete, good as new, VERY CHEAP. Apply,
The WILSON PUBLISHING CO.,
LIMITED.
73 to Si Adelaide St. W., Toronto.
AND ESTATES bought sold &
I exchanged. Terme mailed H. M. HIMPflON, Real E^tak» and
arw true there will be any amount of hair jewelry seen a month or so from
mirai
Ding-tower, and had taken off Grau » head as neatly as if the decapitation had been by the guillotine
free.
financial Agent, Montreal, (joe
now
The popular shades of hair for these
1 lus shell
tid
i.l Ion is I sCi.C."
'(, s io .uuixn‘i>' w imniM.o
received the high* eel awards at the World'* Fair IEEE.
OONBOVE PATENT
EOLLEN TOPS
have met with such uni versai favor. that other manufacturers are now making Inferior imitatl-
Insletos having the Con boy make ae Imitations nr#
never as good as the genuine.
car. from $2*000 to $2,500; a sleeping car from $10.000 to $20,000.
A female monkey in the Zoological	wec*n <m^mr iw* r-,*»
Gardena of Vienna is a trick bicycle rôilC8| r0liO6*wsccouDt wHY We oiaim
rider. She performs wonderful <««« MÎR7.rjîSSa!
and her imitatione of the human i id- cental Farm, Guelvh, Ont. Bend for prices.
era are irresistibly droll.	Address Toronto Picket Wire Fence Co.,
1121 Blvor St. Toronto, Ont.

It
lu point of view of taste find.design.
Crystal lockets are, however, the ornaments in the way of hair jewelry
rent and had burst there. When the
lumvs had cleared away so that a per
rn could apeak, a midshipman called	that ure tb>! moat popular at the mo-
tut that one of the great guns had	ment. Through the crystal the hair of
*>en dismounted, and	the' adored one is seen in a true lover s
knot. Also very fashionable are crys- meaning " ruler of the sea tal rings, with the girl’s hair braided last word was dropjied and a " d The survivors tumbled the bodies ^ curious and artistic <lesigna—hearts, added, it became " admiral,’’
through the hatch that opened into	four-leaf clovers, etc. Some of these ,	n	.g	8aid	tfaat	Springs	are	so	pro-
rattled down other men rushed up,	wa^aj1 charms and hair scarf pins, each	e<j	for	a	^riod	of	twenty	years,	they —
throw ing off their clothing as they of artistic working and handling that would yield an amount of fish equal	_ - y p and Sheet Metal Works,
lumped into the pools of blood to seize is remarkable when the difficulty of jn bulk to the entire earth.	K U U r I FI U roofino «late, in Buck,
icld of the gear and .wing the remain- )%%%% ^u^onstdere'd | Attached to the army of Norw ay is
ng gun into position, that it might what has been done already, though a corps of skaters armed with rifles. ^Toronto doneh,our fim) Msui 0em=«. Oer
gaiu upon one o£ the ships—they could the returning fashion is very young qhey can be manoeuvred on the ice	.hipp^V” anVeîto/the'^nt?? Phone ltM
lu longer make out which, nor did yet, shows that the olden art has not <yr ovev the snowfields of the moun- 5 ouTHUA Aons,AdelalSeAWllmerSte.,reroute.
U).y care uad it wm (liMburged. haul-	od:
Id in, loaded, and discharged again. mentioned have been and constantly are	.	Tenlitz Hungary,
operator, even landscapes that are real- to 1)e ^00 year* of age. To prevent
was compelled to push three bodies out ly complicated forming under her skil- ih|« undesirable condition, she deliber-
•f the way. He had barely given hia	ful fingers.	Such	pictures	in hair a re	atejy	held	her	head in a tub of water
first command when a bullet from the	much in demand,	the	more especially	until	she	drowned.
,	...	.	„	if they are	done	on	an	exceedingly
well-aimed riU* of a manne in an eu-	8majj 8calA
•my‘s top lodged between his eyes.
Th m the fourth to command the Iluas-•ai that day. Lieut. Pedro Gurezon, took the place, as he did so be called through an aperture, telling the quartermaster to put the helm to port ; for he had determined to ram one of the adversaries, and sink with her if necessary. Over and over spun the wheel, but the Uuascar's head still pointed between the Chileans.
•'Port 1 Port, I say 1’* screamed the commander.
"She won t answer," came back the sullen reply from the only one of four quartermasters alive ; the bodies of the others were lying upon the grating st his feet.	\
"A shot has carried away the starboard steering-gear, sir," reported an ensign ; and he dropped dead as the words left his mouth.
The Huaecar now lay drifting in a bell of shot and flame, but all the while the red, white and red fluttered from the peak. One by one, in twos end in threes, the men in the turret dropped at their posts ; and at last the remaining great gun was silent.
Its tackle literally
CHOKED WITH DEAD.
The title " admiral ” originally came
from the Arabic phrase " amir-al-bahr,"
When the was
W.C. HARRIS,Toronto
!
TWENTY MEN KILLED
Pays the
Best
Price for
ST. CHARLES,
LEAD.
SCRAP,
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J.
OPEN ALL THE YEAR.
FINEST HOTEL ON THE COAST.
Son parlor 800 feet long overlooking ocean and beach esplanade. Vacuum •team heating system •treat level. Hot and cold, fresh and ¦alt water In all baths •ulte, baths attached.
JAMES B. REILLY, Owner and Prop.
er for
Elevator to
Rooms an
STAMMERERS.
W-»8ESSSSfe-.
ting-tower there, but before he could enter ho
ALLAN LINE
Royal Mail Steamship Co
»THE TRIUMPH
•t
l“4
ADJUSTABLE STOVE PIPES. Easy put up and taken down. Can be cleaned, nested, and put away in a small space. Ask y ur dealers for them. Manufactured by
C. B. BARCLAY,
I 168 AdelaldeSt. W., Toronto.
Montreal to Liverpool.

A Good Corn Sheller for ISO
Steamers sail from Montreal every Thursday morning on arrival of trains from Toronto and the West about 9 o’clock
i
vl.l
A marvel of cheapness, of efficacy, and of promptitude is contained ini a l>ott le of that famous remedy. Putnam’s Pain-in water colour» whose works are very	^0rn Extractor. It goes right to
interesting, apart from the fact that the root of the trouble, there acts
2. vr f;: vz -,r:n
the etoateur art exhibition, held in fered for Putnam’s Painless Corn Ex-Mr. Reuben Saseon's house in
Roth looked as if they druggists
TALENTED GREAT LADIES.
The Princess of Wales is an artist
1'1' |
RATES OF PASSAGE
Cabin 152.60 and upwards ; Second Cabin $34 and and $36.26; Sbeeraga to Liverpool London, Glasgow, Belfast. Londonderry or Queenstown $23.30 and *23.50.
A réduction of five percent. Is allowed on round trip first and second cabin tickets. For sailings of steamers or other Information apply to any authorized agent,
H. Bourlter. 1 King St. W. Toronto, or H A A Allan. Montreal.
•hip vove
And other Produce to
The DAWSON COMMISSION CO, Limited
130,000.
PAID UP CAPITAL,
Cor. West Market A Colborne St., Toronto.
Rubber Stamps and Slipping Cards supplied. Correspondence Invited.
Bel- tractor-safe, sure and painless. Soldat
grave square
might have been done on the coast of Norfolk. They were exquisitely fresh in colour, bold in treatment, and yet well finished, and with none of the ni?in uncertainty that no often mars the
I am sure if the
A witness in a London police court described the defendant, as a gentle----,. " What is your idea of a gentleman ?" asked the judge be a gentleman," replied the witness,
__________ " I «cause he walks about all day do-
Princewa of Wales wanted to earn her, nothing, going from public house living she would only have to set up ^ pU^]ic house.” a studio as a water-colour artist. Other great ladies who could easily make a good income, are Lady Granby, who is fond of taking portraits of her friends in jiencil—and very delicate and beautiful ones they are too—and Lady Cot-henham, who does exquisitely fine work The new " shelter cloak tent is
like ancient missal painting for the max|e in two piece*, and is intended
to he carried, when the army iff on the
KNITTING
JHE.^ONEY jMKEH
Ribbing
Vl f^CHINE
MACHINES.
He seems to
OLD AND RELIABLl
work of an amateur
to fool with
Judge C. Panet Angers. Quebec, w rites:—"'Quickcure has always given relief to my child."

MONEY MAKER
Price» only SIS, $20 $30.
Ill
Ei ' ' m
CREELMAS BROS,, Georgetown, Oat.
covers of books
The turret could not be turned for the same reason
the military top, corpses clogged the conning-tower.
With coats and waistcoats off, the surgeons had been laboring in the ward-room upon the wounded, who, shrieking in their agony, had been tmubled down the companion way like so much butchered beef ; for there was no time to use stretchers or to carry
» «trickl'd comrade to a doctor's care. It jfl rWtomarji on ttie birth of a 2%.%'» vtont . »... Tli.
Stifling. While they were sawing, is carefully tended until the child is
Amputating, and bandaging, a shell	MttMBHIHBttli
tore into the ward-room, burst, and ;8 cut down, and made into furniture fragments wounded the assistant sur- jor the ^ome of the young couple, geons, the chief of the medical staff	__
Stretched upon the table awaiting their gtat* refund the money if it f»u» toOur®. V*.
turn under the knife, and those who	-----
lay upon the floor, suffered no more The oldest house in the United pain ; they were killed as they lay g. ^	Saint Augustine, Florida.
" »• w.t » .b.....
trace wras left of the butkhead. After monastery, and is now occupied that what little surgery was done was winter abode of a Northern mil i -performed in the coal-bunkers.	aire. The walls are formed of se
Huddled in a passageway near the shells mixed with mortar.
engine room was a score or more of	"	. ,v ...
non-combatant» — stewards, pantry- Japan has m breed of mice whuh are
men and stokers. They were in a a pUzeie to naturalists. At different
sss ™ »““s •»**• "» — »2
a crash, and the little ironclad swayed as if she had struck a reef. Someone passed the word that the maintopmast
bad been shot away.
. There w as a cry of "Fire !' and all hands rushed to stations—perhaps two to a boat’s crew, one to a pump
march, by the two soldiers who occupy
the tent. The halves are so arranged that when the tents are taken apart each half can be used by a solier as a water-proof cloak.
Corpses hung over
The Krag-Jorgenflen rifle, now (he equipment of the United States
arm
infantry, has a range of three miles.
At this distance an expert can easily pick off a man, while a soldier unaccustomed to it’s use could not hit a barn.
NX
t
fjy What ?
^“AMBERINE
u
Quickcure"
A plaster made with spread on canton flannel, linen or cotton, will give more prompt relief from croup, than camphorated oil, or mustard.
IS
The eldest of five married daughters was married at a farm-house in Erie, Pa. A plain-spoken guest, desiring to say something cheering to the groom, remarked aloud, 14 Well, Jim, you have got the pick of the batch." The other four daughters stared at him with stony visages.
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury.
a# mercury will surely destroy the sense of smell and completely derange the whole system when entering IS through the mucous sur-Such articles should never bo used oepton prescriptions from reputable phr la us, as the damage they will do Is ten fold to the good you can possibly derive from them. HslPs Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney fc Co., Toledo,O., contains no mercury and Is taken Internally.actingdirectly upon the blood and mucous surfaces of the system. In buying Hall's Catarrh Cure be sure you get the genuine. It Is taken Internally and made in Toledo, Ohlct by F. J. Cheney à Co. Testimonials free.
and about to be married. When
Maine H In Hamilton-
moo a

All Drug

Removes Dandruff In One Week. Cures Itching of the Scalp. Prevents Breaking of Hair.
Stops Falling Out
POSITIVELY OROWa HAIR
4


Is
slo-



19
bottia
A
%

SHIELD


MCaklff (*. Lw*w, OtL/S
\ SUREI
o’

Y&URSRLF FROM ALL IMPURITIES, BY USING
#
men
— the ftre I" shouted Lieut. Gar* Repel boarder» !"
4
LU DELLA Oeylon Tea
It le pere and always the same. Lead




*>
###PAGE###8###
a
ITorth Clarendon ITotei.	le une home cm Saturday night and re—	turned on Monday, accompanied by Mr#.
Misa M. Horner, teacher of No. 13 Nelson and children, school, received a very pleasant surprise Misa Maggie Richards has gone to On* il closing school Thursday afternoon alow to visit friends, hen her pupils presented her with a Sunday was a day of intense heat hero, beautiful red plush standing album with |	Tim*,
i mirror in front and a celluloid jewel with the following address :
Card i k Thanks —The family vt tin late H. R. Trelfuid desire through these columns to tender their sincere thanks t. the friends and neighbors, who *n kind ) gave tli.dr assistance and sympathy dvr mg the last illness and death cf their la minted father.

»
f DR. I
FOWLERlSl
ext-op < 1
WILD 1 STRAWBERRY
' V *
‘
%
L» V • • ¦*

.
FC*
t
?
i;
vase
/
Benjamin Blake, an employee of David Candie, near Smith’s Falls, was gored to death by a vicious bull one day last week.
HoRNER;	, We notice that Mr. J. 1 >«*11 Warren,
V » iir l >v« nu id Loving Tv» cher : Kindly me of Toronto, son of Mr. P. B. Warren, of J?iï.rtïv'»»"?ten.er;»awI Pembroke, and hi. wife both-passed the
with us during the past year. We can assure you that you leave us with our love and
best wishes.
Hoping that you may have success this	. rn
coming year, and If It may not be our lot to wrote in Toronto.
ever all meet again on earth, trust that wv a|ao pA8sed ]ier third year examination in
m8 StguttTon behalf of your loving scholars. medicine, and lier husband passed hie 1st The address was read by Miss A. El year exam in medicine Mrs. Warren I liott, former teacher.	'	to become a full Hedged M D.
Mr. Doolittle, Baptist minister of Thur next spring, and wilt immediately begin QII f ,0 took Mr. rateraon’s appointment pncttce. (iuy \\ arreu will study electric- ¦ w w ' ihe school-house on Sunday of lust week. M engineer,ng.-Observer.
Building opeiations are booming in N. -------------------

H. S. Dowd’s Colli

ce
recent examination in arte, Met » ill Ut varsity ; and Guy E. Warren, another son, passed in applied science. They all
Mrs. J. Di li Warren

I*
•‘WhatI Love ’’
] love to heat the birdies sing *
The children shout In play ;
I love to see the lambkins run And frisk about all day.
J love the beau til u I given trees, The flowers and the grass ;
I love to see the streamlets *1 w And gurgle ns they pass.
1 love to see the kittens play,
The little îliuk- ns run ;
1 hive to*see the children sport they Mini to have such fun.
1 love to see the Mg sun set ;
I love to see It. rise ;
I vet<> ov ilf white clouds move Across the summer skies.
1 luxe the buds, 1 love the trees ;
1 love i in* ki ’em: small :
1 love the son. I love the clouds, i.uu I,a< Haute tin mall.
G P.
»,
i
‘THE LEADING HOUSE."
i
CURES
DIARRHEA,
DYSENTERY
AND
Friday & Saturday Bargain Days - - -
SUMMER
COMPLAINT.
k.
c.
Mr. A. Murphy has a nice dwelling house erected.
Mr. Richatd McCord has finished the foundation of his house.
Mr. and Mrs. M. McCord, Shaw ville, visited friends in North Clarendon on Sunday, 2l>th ult.
We are sorry to hear of the death of Mr. R. R. Trelford, father of Mrs. James | pRKE ADDRESSES Smith, of this place.


Price 35c. at all druggists.
are the talk ot the town and country, ami .during @0 tlie remainder of the RP month of June such reductions will be made in pM every department as will interest the keenest buy-|
Cl'S. %	%	% . *	*
?
TH IL THAT M ILL INTEREST
TMIV ARC DAN 01 ROUI.
A vâ
&
V.

» •


THE FARMERS.
J
• Ê
SI l AW VILLE
•.
Hair Brasil Parier.

ON
Daisy.
AGRICULTURE.
' THE HULL ELECTRIC CO.
MAIN ST.. - - SHAW VILLE
Stcoic Lino Notes.
prces=
Birth.- To Mr. and Mrs. T. Craig, on June lUtli, a son.
Mi». Wui. and Mrs. Jns. Steele spvi.t a tow days of last week in Clarendon viai tmg rtj
Mr.
The gentlemen who are now
engaged making an inspection | l iieqimllrd in the DRY <;ooi>s of the farms entered in the
If you r< quire a tiair Out or Shave, you •re guaranteed satisiavilmi al the Shawvilit Hair l»riS'lug Parlour.
Partit s wl.slilng l«> haw their razors honed or dr* sst tl v <n have th* m put in excelh nt comtlll ti for from 15 to 25 cent*.
Try my Hair Tonic.
TIME TABLE :
Business.
Provincial Competition, have| We challenge any opposition to arranged to address the farmers of this section in Hob-(That make this the place to <lo
gins Hall on
W
LEAVE PA R K.
LEAVE
PARK.
LEAVE
HVLL.
LEAVE
HVLL.
09.
Mre.S. McKibbon of Eardley spent Tuesday at Mra. XV. Steeles.
One of our wheelsmen had a long ride on Sunday.
Mr. and Mrs T. E ides, of Clarendon, have been visiting friends in this [art.	e
S me of the people from this place at j Fri&aV EVOllV JlllV 8th tended the lawn social at Billerica un I	" .	^	^
Thursday night and report a good time. I COllllllOnClDg lit /. 130 0 ClOCK.
A school picnic was held in Mr. Ed.	l/llinni atiihia
Stevie’s grove un Thuisday the 23rd. AS these atldrCSSCS HVC t() UUH uLUlHINu Swinging, football and bareball were en i [,e purely of ail agricultural
gaged ni by the young folks and by even . *
some of the older ones. Tea was served BatUI 0 it IS llOpOll tllO fill 11101 S
in the grove where there was a bounteous | will do tlieir lltlllOSt tO llUVO repast which all did justice too, especially -you know. Everyone had a pleasant time and dispersed hoping to meet next year on a similar occasion. There were over one hundred present.
equal.
JOHN SMITH.
AYLMER.
0.20 A M
7.00 740 8.20 PARK. 000 0.25 9.50 10.15
10	40 11.05 11.30
11	56 12.20 pm
. 12.45
is something to be taken I l.io advantage of. M e n s’
Youths’& Boys’ Clothing | 2.20 Mens’ Furnishings, Hats,
Caps etc.
2.50 pm 7.00 am
2.50 r m 3.15
your shopping.
3 15
740

Arthur Smiley,
3.40
8 20
3.40
4 05
0 00
4.05
I

4.30
9 25
4 30
4 65
9 50
4 55
)
ruder lu la r, I mlialmer and Funeral Director
SimVYILI L - ¦ <il Ee
5 20	10	15
5.45	10	40
0.10	11.05
7.00	1130
AYLMER. 11 55 7 40	12 20	pm
8.20	12	45
0 00	1 10
9 40	1.35
10.20	2 00
11.00	2.25
5 20
6.45

0 10
0 30
1
—:o:--------
lxitt r.n t Pkhsi nal A hen
7.00
740
j
¦ - SALE - -
)
ALL ORL'I
TION AND > AT AS F A VI ION t.VARAN i 1 I D.
WIÎ I
8.20
a large attendance.
9.00
«
Telephone No.
i
BY ORDER.
9 40
m
10.20
11.00
11.40



1.35
Public Notice.
2.00
n
WATCHES CLOCKS, JEWELLERY

»
Elmsido Kotos
The undersigned Is prepared to receive entries for standing crops any time from now
The Lawn Social at the Manse last | until the 15tb^>f July next.
All parties who are not already members will please enclose One Dollar for their sub Bil- scrlption for 1S08.

Care iuu daily, Sunday# Included. Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled.
%
1
<;
*
Thursday evening passed off very pleasantly, >S haw ville Quyon, and
i'™; “i,f rï:,ba'i:‘bZ CT I iSHSm	I Remember vu/y
No. 9 school was closed last Thursday, All the Agr. Society wsnts.to make It a suc-1	m	. - .
a. in. there being a public examination.	frT.nd I	^NSalO Of Olothlllg.
A goodly number of the parents were bring In one new member this year and
Ti e children all received books, make the exhibition this fall one of the
largest and best on record.
Elmslde. Que., June25, *98.
W. R. TAYLOR,
KaifeS
etc. etc.
Sec.-Treas.
Aylmer, 80th March, 18%.

A complet© stock of the above always on hand at
present.
In the afternoon they joined the teacher a, scholars and parents of No. 2 school and spent a very nice time at Norway Bay, games of different kinds, races and singing being the amusements.
A few of our young people attended the box social at Mr. S. Walsh's Onslow last Thursday evening and report “Onslow” t. u place for a good time.
Miss Mabel Campbell arrived home
Fall term conimnnees August 15Ui. A per* J List TiiUrada^. nifencnt t-taff of four experienced able ex- Air. A. ». McDonald and family of pert teachers; thirty two years of uninter- Pembroke, Mr. Percival and family Mer.
'ZS'oiX -vk ville Out., Mr. It. and Mû» Wbill.u, Cipitai ; each graduate getting the Diploma 0 tawa have arrived at Norway Bay for
ck n 21 ? " b e" fu * c eia U<> ? Z' ÆS ‘“eiu..i.ner mo.tl... Mr. .‘and Mr,, ti
are to b* found t very where) are points for Lothian, Bristol are also on the list, your consideration § nd for new Catalogue. R„v. Mr. Taylor, Lochwinnoch, has
JOHN KEITU, Princtpa», built a house, which no doubt he and 148-154A Bank St., Ottawa, family will occupy very soon.
— A store is to be opened up there which no doubt will be a benefit to the campers.
Miss Ida Townsley went to Renfrew Tnursday returning Saturday evening.
Mr. Wm. McFail and two daughters of, Ottawa and Mrs John Davis sr. of Bib lericavisited .at Mr. Wm. Graham’s last ¦ week.
&
i^Your choice of any suit in the store, regular prices from $7 to $10, for *0.50
Other suits at *2.95 and $3.50. Each price represents unequalled value. Customers who buy from us have no regrets—perfect satisfaction in every way guaranteed.
E. GRAHAM. Sec.-Treasurer
Main St. - - Shnwville.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.
A. J. JACKSON.

I
o

Ottawa Business College.
(Established 33 years.)


SHAWVILLE, QUE.

) <

CVWE MAKERS
Dominion Day - -Suits -

---O

House & Sign Painter, Gilder, Glazier, Decorator,
25 to 50 per cent reduction on Dry Goods. We are of-¦ I Coring very special values in
Dry floods. Blouses,
Dress floods, Waists Prints Gloves Ginghams, Hosier y
o—
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
That
o
Shawville
Will Catch Tour Fancy Every Time.
FIRST- CLASS WORKMANSHIP AND SAT-
LIVERY
I8FACT10N GUARANTEED.
---O
Mr. W. C. Young went to Renfrew for
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
—o-------	Dominion day, returning Saturday morr.-
First class horses and rigs > wi,h hia daughter, Mia May, who has
,	i	CT been attending school at Renfrew.
Ht popular prices.	.	| Mits Myrtle Brewer, Glenalmond,
Special attention paid to Buckingham, is visiting at her grandfath-
the commercial trade.	SiL"PSô’h., been vi.iting here,
I left for her home in Aylmer last wetk.
McArilmr & Yonne.	m
^ ' Mr. Andrew Grant spent last week travelling with his friend Mr. Gilbert of P don, Ont.
Mr. Harper McKechnie a pent a couple of da} s in Arnprior last w eek.
Mr. Fred McKechnie spent Friday at Brys n slides.
Dr. and Mrs. Stewart entertained a number of Renfrew friends at their resi cl(no) on Friday.
Miss Kite McMartin, Renfrew, is a guest at Dr. Srewart’e.
Mr. aud Mrs. George Bad ham, were visitors at the home of Mr. Ja*. Grai t
lust week.
Mr Ed. Young's little girl, who has been ill, is almost well again.
8 so Miss Be ay McJanet has left our town £ .t,1 for her home in No. 1 settlement.	j
Mr. Alex. McEachen, Douglas, came to | ;;	9rs ' town Saturday evening and remained till |
N# T rMonday.
'•	7.81 Mr. and Mrs. Hiram McKechnie,
IS Quyon, spent Sunday evening at Mr. A.
“ Lott Î W. McKechnie’s.
Mrs. R. Campbell is visiting Shawville friends.
Miss Burwash has gone to Shawville for
a few days before leaving for her home Connecting with Hull Electric Railway down east.
Mi-s Chapman was in town *n Monday
on her wheel.
| . Rev. T. A. Nelson, who has beep with
C. FRAME,
THE PEOPLES’ TAILOR.
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
BOOTSXSHOBS 1
o
similar reductions
?

/.
AT
$1.75 Chamber Sets for $1.25.
Starch 5 cents per lb. Salmon 10 cents per tin Pickles 10c. per bottle.
Furniture Furniture Furniture
good quality and of all styles at
Tie Leading Boose for Bargains. | Amazingly Low Prices
FOR CASH.

t
SWATMAN’S.

til
j
;

VUUU
H


< - ,
t .
J
PeBiiac Pacific Joocli Ey.
?
F
Rings
Alarm Clocks $1.10 “
8-day Clocks 4.50 “
Watch Classes 10c 8615c.
Other Jewellery - -
- - away down
from 15c. up.
o
f
Official Time Table :
AM
f
Aylmer tBreckcurldge VEsrdley Parker*# Grossing f Mohrs Quyon Wyman's tTann Bristol McKer's
Hhawvllle
Clark’#
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank rVInlon Coulonge Mellon's Waltham
Arrive 9 45
5.45 Leave
Cornu to DOffD’S

••
9.21
ê 4
001

9.0H
44
• »
6.12
8 fiS
«*
I

8. IS
h
• «
6.26

44
6 «7
4 4
6-47
\
I
6*
44
6.56
8.14
v
44
6 5S
46
7 Ul
4
44
7.26
H. 8. DOWD,
44
7.45
8.00
• 4
6#
4
6 08
?
8.12
6 4
AT SWATMAN’S
#4
44
6 54
8
64
6 39 j
Leave 6.30
8.47
44
6.55 Arrive
JAMES MCARTHUR,
Quyon, Quo.
. «Flag Station. tTank. t'FIag Station.
THE JEWELLER,
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
P. S.—Repairing a specialty,
SHAWVILLE. •
•	" at Aylmer.



general SUPERINTENDENT his father (who is very ill) for ecme time,
?
.
' w -, .

h .
i

;



A# A





*3
