###PAGE###1###
V





V
/
f
r
T
©
i
No. in. -is ni y K ai
8IÏ AW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, FEB
1001
00 A \
i: iv Advance
>>
II WITS' H !"
2.VII». puls of Perfection Hyrup fui . 15 /it ifef.ïuiro’H grocery.
BANK OF OTTAWA
Morel by Dir. McVeigh hoc. by Dit. ail»I i< «lived that the row of lots
liibil ion ground he oh on d for k do by auction, on fho exhibit ion ground on tin: lii ,1 day of May at 10 Meeting Adjourned John Yovnu,
President.
f tl
lli'vl OMI: . .. Cup’til euh , iIIn-I
«¦•ptlll l«t«l up .. Util .............
OTTAWA. C
25 Cents Bays
Three can* of pumpkin, corn, pons, timmhieH or hluoherrioM; two bottles pick
les, two pounds good laid, four lbs. bis*
Rovun
OF 0 AS* ASA.
i. Ill
kUutrd of hirer tor*
K. Git A HAM,
See. Troas
three gl isses linking janvier • bars M»aji, two lbs. penches lieotH, two Ills, seed I
Chablkn Maure, 1 «Q , President
G BOBO* Hay, v Praaident
Hon « I’m Ami. F'hahkh. K*y .
I'KSM j
c

- \
peni s or up e»H înisin», two « tohwito catsup, ni Thu Pal me Gro
NN . T. Kami*, Shawvillo
John m
Mr. and Mr*. David Clarke of M head mourn the loss of th«*ir infant son Thomas Arthur, aged 8 months
A term of the Magistrate'## Court
held here
Julien presiding
2.600 000. h
'
ior
i;»E FUND
T
M
I
t
I^Q.
1 \
Fie. U Ollier. - Montreal.
a noua F. nun v
D. H. Fl NM K
C ’ur»lM
A Card
w
Wüdm y, Judge St
on
n
We, the undesigned, do hereby agrae to refund the money on a 50-coot bottle of Green’s Warranted Syrup of Tar if it fails to cure your cough or cold also guarantee a 25 cent bottle to satisfactory or money refunded.
Shaw ville Ditto Co
NT .HO :
I
Wantr .
SUAHHLLK BRANCH,
K ..
I
AN xmi'lrin, Aniprlor, AvomufHv, Um-icbritlgt
iv It
Mr. M< Lean, formerly of Westmeath, ami for the jm^t live years a resident of NVe J Massey section of Algo ma, whither a mini-prove | lier from this section have recently located, wan here this week and favored I iik Eqi ITY with a call. Mr McLean speaks with confidence of the successful
F
K
Money loaned on approved security at ¦u onalde rates.
V rnvr* notes bought find collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world
l
M
lw I

its
1
Car Lite ii
It I
Pise*,
H iwkvulmn , VaiikU' k iidl, binith * i
in Manitoba ;

SAVINGS BANK.	— — *
*—Æ sttur Æ*: T<rZn txzsysz
lur* and upwards and Interest allowed	** 1	*	"""
Orner IToüks
Saturdays .
Winnipeg,
iLiupliiii,
r
'
ui
IN yl'KUKU Hull,
fshwwlvljan Filin Agent! In C i i.li, New \ rl. iiil VMreg
11 mk vf MniUri tl
Agv'itM
priccH Ho enlarges in crayon, Indian The principal wants ut present ox per-mk, water color, poète], sepia, and oil-1ieoccd are roller at.d saw mills, for which
I tainting*, to match.
lac hut*
Good, Clean
Timothy eed, Flax eed, Bees’ Wax.
Montreal
a»mr, inmeoj, sepia, and ml-1 lenceu are rouer a d saw mills, tor which 10 am.toI p.m. IJWUIHUIK». Frames of the latest design | there are grand openings, with abundance F. A. PARK Kit, to match. All grades of work guaranteed. | '>f p^wur.
Manager. | Clothes and tics changed to any desirable
color, hat removed also. Competition
Church Services.	I	Pontiac House. 1 Minutes of a regular session oi th< i-
KimmniMT rwlTfiCH	—	<* ----- nicipal Council of the Municipality of
Pastors -^Re v. W Bowman Tu: kcr. M.A.. GREER MOUNT NOTES. Hlmwvillo, held on Monday the 4th day
Ph. |>. Rev. W. R. Johnston.	---- February, 1901.
hkrvice*everyKabbnih at 10.50a.m ;7,p in. j .Ian. 26—Mrs	Thomas	Dale and Present Mr. Mayor,	George Hynes
Rpw^M!îîglu*tM*’.lnvnévi-n.ng nt ».oo.. diildiin frimi Wednesday toSwur- , ™ t CuuncilWs (} Fred Hoikim, .1.11 I sUIpb1 Prayer Mw ting, Tuewlay T.fto. p.in. day with her sister-in-law, Mrs. Hayes, phaw, J . A. hmntu, Arthur Smiley ami ; Opner-tf Prayer Meeting, Friday,	7 30,	p.m.	inspector Gilman	visited	the school	J* W. Fades
.wrv>n“ welcome.	* Monday afternoon.	Moved hy coun. Hudgins and seconded
Mrs. Den;. Judd	has been	confined to	hy coun Smith that coun.	Johu A. Cowan
her l»cd fur the past	week; Mrs. Lu minis | he appointed mayor for	1901. -Carried
Mr 1*. M. Farrell, Misses l>. Farrell
10 A.Bf.ToS P.M
11
I
MM

lu I
A*
S ha w ville Council

QAMPBELL’S bay
V

SKATING RINK
*
000(#
*
¦*.
• too
Open ov< i y night (Sundays excopterh from to H» o'clock.
LESLIE SMITH, Manager.
At Shaw ville on Monday. January ‘Mb to Mr. and Mrs, B. W. Young, u (laughter
unanimously.
Moved hy coun. Hudgins sec. hy coun. and M. MvFarlane spent a few pleasant I Smith thut minutes of last meeting be hours at the parsonage Monday evening, atlontud. -(an it'd.
Rev. C. Luimnis visited Mr. Judd's | Moved hy coun. Hudgins seconded by shanty last Thursday.	coun. Smiley that the Auditors’ report
Mrs Wilkins presented the church, St for 1900 lie accepted and passed.— Car'd Stephens with a beautiful font and the Moved by coun. Smiley and sec. by congregation wish to express their hearty coun. Fades that the See. Treat*, write thanks for her kindness.	j Mr. David Moore of Bear l^ako and as
Mr. Thus. Dale has had a very busy j certain from him what amount of lumber week visiting the sick but lie is at the | ho has cut for us and at wlmt ho would same time exercising his b - ses.
Violet am# Pansy
LOCAL NEWS.
A good opportunity now to get n bargain in any kind of stove at Wain man's.
We are silling the best 2.1 cent Japan Tea in town. A trial will convince you.
McGviru'bGkck Elly,
Fresh stuck just arrived, herrings, codfish, Finaii liAihiio salt water salmon and fresh tish at The Palace Grocery.
W. T. Haul, Shaw ville.
Lagvijipv lots htvtt demoralizing things cm the wholesale plan in this locality tilling the past tun days, and the stall of this journal has not escaped the general devant it ion wr< ught thi late appearance of our paper and the
leaving undone of sundry things which home of our patrons expect Wo have been pretty nearly knocked nut for this week at 1ea»t, and it is only by a supreme effort we have managed to scrape ourselves together at all to perform wonted duty tg society. <>, that we could escape that pestiferous grippe :
J. H. SHAW.
VIiis accounts for
%
be willing tf> deliver it in Shaw ville per 1000 feet.
Moved by conn. Shnw and seconded by coun. Smiley that tenders be called for tho delivery of 5!) owrda of boulder stone on tho corporation lot on Pick a nock street, also for I OU cedars 12 feet long, 10 inches at top end.
Moved hy cotin. Hudgins, seconded by
„ ,	*	...	. oouu. Smith that tenders be called for
M;.V 2. - ,. ic Misnes Huivdco am liau]ing	5003 feet o' pint-(plank
1 ^	S»l'au v'llo, MH'tudat Bristol mea8.iru) fro!ll Drivi(i m', l01.e-s miH, Dear
Mild LI in side last week, and if you dont j^j : to shnwvill
thin,; they enjoyed TTiomsilves just ask price, all lumber being loaded same day,
r ,	. A iu older that the corporation may have a
llugli Met rod le, j r., i- - < iiîiiil.! u chance to measure and cull the same ; or
spent during which a hminliful myper Zr""
CARNIVAL -	Campbells Ray	rink,	was served, provided hy	the ladies.	I hen	Miss Roy our	popular teacher spent	Moved	hy coun Smiley and	seconded
Tuesday	evening,	Feb.	12th. Special	the following address was read by	Mrs.	I	Saturday and Sunday with Mnw Johnson.	I hy C(mn.	Hodgins that tenders	be called
will be awarded.	^	4 , ».	,	*	vv ‘ r* n‘V/ , Mayhevv and :bss Lila for om) 3f)-ffsjt ladder with supports 12
Dear Mr. and Mm. Lmn.m.-« •- Uuro at Elimnde Lwt Wednesday.	f„ot long ; aim. one 20 foot ladder with
,h.°. l-anduoner» of Thorne and Leslie Mm Nellie Hand v.mted Mm Nettie iwn hoo£s, each to get two coats of paint;
" l;l,use,,t y°“wl‘h **“ “gll l,rc' «"£»¦» *«>“"¦ HcCradu. last week. ,lH	to 1kj girded before being put
sent to tho amount of	about $75,	as a	The young folk	who went to the nnk at	t	tbti*	Specification* of same can be
token of our esteem.	During the two I	Am prior all say	they had a good tunc.	et ni„(lrVottiCe.
years you have been amongst us, you Miss Maggie Lothian and Mrs. Me- f,o motion the meeting then adjourned have endeared yourselves to many ; we rulie paid a flying Visit to Shawville1 have found in you a friend and helper, j last Sunday##0 whatever our trouble or need. You have
been prompt to respond to every call to I has been laid up for the last week or two duty, often subjecting yourselves to hard- with la-grippe, but, is at present, able to ships for our benefit. Wc feel we cannot | around again.
he too grateful for what you have done Dr McNaughton was at Klinside on for us. Hoping! hat God may spare you | Saturday on u professional call, long to labor among us, we wish you and yours a happy and prosperous new year
Donation to Rev. C. Lv.wwi* though tin pui-h wi of Lt die and
i’liorncis not often brought before public Seven bars soap for 2Ô cents. Apricots, notice, still it can cr dibly bo said that ptuv-hvs, prunes, figs, and all kinds of jur people were not behind tho times in canned iroods cheap at McGuire'* Grocery.
ELMSIDE.
AI
t
oil!
i
remembering their pastor at Christiana-t tide. On tlie 29th of December, ltNX), a very large representation of tho congregation of St. Stephen's church, Thorne, assembled at the parsonage to the great
t ; nishmeut of r inmat w ho I. .1 not Try McGuires grocery for flush and even heard a whisper of the coming event.
Sleighs full »'f peoj 1 and tie- pi l • •• of (;r, tSale of Boots and Shot , Mitt mil their 1	im poured in for fully one half
Moccasins duriiikr the inoutli of Fchruary, hour.	v very enjoyable evening w
at the Boot and Shoe Store, Shnw ville
P. S.—Gfjeap Sale of all Winter Goods still going on.
Sap Cans. Order vourH ¦¦ Wahiman's I*iifore the* Spring rush
1> m
GREAT CLEARING SALK at the Slmu ville Boot and Shoe Store.
%
Tenderer tw state
cured fish
»
%
»
prizes
Two thousand dollars’ worth of boots and shoes to be slaughtered at the Shaw-ville Boot and Shoe Store.

Wanted at Once—a few cords of dry 2 foot hardwood, coarsely split, at I he KqiiTY office.
Jamieson's cream rolls, home made broad and Brown bread, at McGuires grocery.
Sec that44 Doherty " organ at Smart V: Smith’s if you want a first class, mod-instrument at a low figure.
:
Clarendon Council
:
»
Miss Grace McKcchnie, of Danville
Shaw ville, 4th Feb. 1901.
Regular session of the Council to day. Members present ; — Councillors John Stewart, John Smiley, Wm. C. McDowell W. A. Hudgins, Fred. Thomas, James Wilson and James Robinson.
lie brought in a few day* before, also ,,	______»------ Stowert •* anJ	W‘"W
"K "Z SS SSL wJ	D.reC^M,,,^.	S2.ÎR
1'lTin MiT Lum'S’ name ÏT «dî as "in MJnut^of tlic tir,t "icctin= of M” ,,e” «““‘“•g " |vw ,r^d bo ttnd uru herely
them, hi honed by God's help to be 1, 1 reao,nt "er,e,Jo.hn	", "" C,’UV- .8,VUey tll,,t cuu,,t J,uhn Stew;
D.vn*T.v_Dr.^hn».,sr.Sur.	^
I.v calling early.	°	( iv« u.nfl ... iU Tn.,D, The first business being the e ection of j cil lor Joseph and Ann Little, and that
v ,	N#»wlimn and	'	officers, it was moved by Dir. Brabazon tho Sec.-Treasurer charge the bill against
Mr. Harry Newham, Ï -	-	>	sue. by Dir. McVeigh and resolved that i the estate of said Joseph and Ann Little,
child are visiting fnem s i aisnosed R"hed Oats at $1.95 per bag. Spanish . John Young be re elected president. | Carried.
Newham informs us that t - -l onions, red onions and white onions; cran- Moved by Dir. Grant sec. hy Dir. Moved by coun. John Smiley tec. by <>f h»* store at VY hiteiWe ana intena berries, oranges lemons and apples -all Clarke and resolved that Dr. Alexander coun. Jams, Robinson that all taxes in knocking	around	a	hit	hef re » g	cheap, at McGuire sGrocery.	and J. J. McVeigh bo elected	first and j the municipality not paid	on or before
business.	Have a look nt those stoves which Geo. I second vice presidents.	i the 20th of February inst., will he given
Mr. D. R. M icfarlmo, who spent	so	ii. Wainman Is offering at big discounts !	Moved by Dir. Lucas sec. by Dir. Alex-	mto the hands of a special collector,	who
time in the Yukon country, and has	bee.	. on usual prices. Now Is the time to strike	ander and resolved that E. Gr.ham be	will start on the 21st of February	and
home for several months, left again for 11 wrgain.	re-engaged Sec-Treasurer.	accept the taxes with costs and interest,
the gold fields on Thursday, accompanied	- *?	—	Moved by Dir. Ralph sec. hy Dir. Lnd if not paid to him m cash, he w ill
by bis wife and children, who go as far as	CAMPBELL’S BAY.	I Grant that wo move a vote of thanks to i take notes of hand, payable at the Mur-
Vancouver, where they will reside.	.	---- | Mr. Young for the interest ho has taken chants’ bank, Shaw ville, with interest
.	« . Archdeacon	Nay-	February 2.—Mr. R. Moorhead passed I	in the Society in the past and again con-	j payable in 30 days from date of note.
A letter received ny	A .	through hero Thursday on his way down	sonfciug to accept office for another year.	Anyone refusing to comply with	the
lor from the Rev. K «	*»	from tho woods.	—Carried unanimously.	above will be prosecuted at the first op.
week sots at rest therumoi^	I A i,ve]y little visitor arrived at Mr. Moved by Dir. Grant sec. by Dir. port unity. -Garaicd.
been in circulation. Mi. •	Thus. Movsscau's Sunday. He has come Brab: zon that wu tender a vote of thanks Moved by coun. XV. A. Hodgins sec. by
Sheffield,	England,	where	*	to stay.	to our Vice President for the untiring in- coun. XV. V McDowell that	A. W orkman
charge and is	m	,l	> *	| Mrs. 8. Richards and family have ar-	torest he took in the business of the So-	bo paid $3.00 for	his time in Court nt
rived home again after spending a few	ciety. Carried unanimously.	Bryson.—Carried.
For Sale—A first grade Doherty I weeks with friends in Thorne.	Moved by Dir. Ralph sec. by Dir. Me- Moved by coun. James Robinson, sec.
solid walnut piano case, with all The carnival held here on Tuesday was Voigh and resolved that our programme by c mn. F. Thomas that coun. XV. A.
¦	An up-to-date	| a grand success. The young ladies de-	of operations for the ensuing year	be as	Hodgins i" hereby	instructed to count.
Will	be	I serve much credit for the taste and skill	follows ; First, to offer prizes for	grow-	examine and report	on Graham’s cedars,
mg crops, and secondly to hold our an- and the «See.-Treasurer will settle accord-nual exhibition of live stock, farm inc to the report
produce and all kinds of domestic manu* Moved, seconded and carried that this factures and works of art.	Council will receive tenders	for board of
Moved by Dir. Clarke, sec.	by Dir , Rie-councillors by the meal ;	also hay and
Grant and resolved that at the request of oats for their horses. Said tenders will a number of farmers of this county we ap- j l>e received up to ton o'clock of first Monpoint the first day of May at 2, p- in, for day of March.
all horsemen and farmers to meet on the Moved by coun, James Wilson sec. by exhibition grounds to show their stallions, coun. W. v. McDowell that we adjourn, No prizes will lie offered, the object being —Carried to allow farmers to judge for themselves. J
*
*
*
4
I
Belt, Dirt nl tie Befit.''
»
cm
«
Wain man’s stoves arc acknowledged to 1h> the best, and he is selling them off at greatly reduced prices to make room for Spring stock.
D<> yourself justice by bringing yom children to Imison s studio on a bright day. He makes photos at lowest possible prices.	H. IMISON.
Fresh Candies, humbugs, molasses
kisses, butter Scotch, guin drops, fancy
boxe* bon-bons and creams, etc., at the
W. T. Earl, Shaw ville.

i
Debt, dirt and the devil are three bad things, and while the latter, serprntile-like, may wriggle in, the two former may he kept out by hard work, honesty and scrubbing brushes. Spirckon.
There's a Fourth---
?
Palace Grocery
A COUCH.
I
*
It’ just a litttle cold in the head, a little tickling in the throat, a little bronchial trouble. At last, serpent !i: j, it wriggles its way deep down into the very tissues of the lungs, and the doctor says : “ Consumption.”
Keep your cough out ! A PE-cent bottle of “ WINTER'S COUGH CURE ” is large enough and strong to do it.
i
4
<
i
!

There’s nothing so good for a Cough as Winter’s Cough Cure.
purary
health.
FOR SALE ONLY
There’s
nothing so bad for a Cough
VT THE
organ
the latest improvements
instrument in every respect	.	. .
.sold at a sacrifice to make room for spring displayed in the Iwautiful costumes pre-
L'oods. This is a snap.	pared for the occasion. Miss E. Ilan-
K	Smart A Smith. retty as Bride, Miss M. McLean as Night
____________ _ ______________ ¦- Miss K. Letts as Paris, Mrs. Geo. Young
tir
stt	«SÆrsrîi
«Inc. Toronto ; »l*>nt 700 page" ;„.<iuahty l«dy a prize m Juno girl, and Mr. George
Drug
Store
9
SHAWVILLE
QUE.
as
>
coughing.
H. Mathkson, Sec.-Treas,
Guelph, Ont.



A


		

___-
1538
###PAGE###2###



•v


SILVER ANDOLASH.
Silvwwarc cau be cleaned brighter. o4 will keep brighter longer, when Uvum*1 with lemon than with any
WINTER SMILES.
"Were you ever hi those aeaa!' •'Why, I've spout almost all my ! « f*
there.**
"Were you # missionary!”
"You l*t not. The missionaries and my friends don’t cotton to om another.*'
"Hut they are such good menV* "That umy bo.. Still, as l nay, wi don't somehow cotton. D'you know I'd like to set my eyes upon yout tutor.”
"Well, you will. I think I see hhn narrow | on the beach now. I expect he has
éLÈ. 'âââ îîf ÆÉfelII, iEB /É#
^ The Man Who Knows. F
#
<
he Home
Gome, ohUdreo, said Mr. ^Hklwer, introducing th* second Mrs Widwer, ran* and kies youi
Gracious! exclaimed little Elalo, if you took bear for now they stuck you,
<
#
i
h
•ther preparation
Dishes, to shim* tuighUy, should be , ashed first in *uds and then dipped ii clear hot water and left to drain. h»y require little or no drying. Milk is an excellent substitute for eoda when washing crockery.
A
new mamma.
THE MARRIED MAN.
Swift aa the light the Married Man Heads off the car with leaping treat. Hut from the door a wifely voice Pursues him. " Don t forget the bread I"
lie halts to nod, then turns to go.
The hurried, careless, married man, When shrill the maid urreateth him.
" Oh, say I You haven’t got the I can Ie*
pa,
a» far as this, but today I think 1 Dtx‘s the world ever look ho fair am	have got into a strong outward
• t daybreak, when Dime Nature is still current, and certainly hut for your half-asleep, and the water lies like a providential assistance I should never
the have reached home alive.”
'You have had a very

C1J YPTKR IV.—Continued.
Mrs. Forrester—Seems to me that you would set yuur cup for Mr. Hall, lie is evidently an easy catch." Miss Qhoristor—Easy catch Is no name for him. He has been an epidemic in out ¦oft for ton years.
Madame, are you a woman suffragist! No, sir; 1 haven't time to be. little of the best Haven't time! Well, if you had ths
‘(>ap or
U Softool the water and prevents ,Iie> hands becoming grained and rough. Allow one toacupful to a spot iiu lukevt arm water.
Silver jewelry should be washed In
eater. It may then be
sheet of shimmering glass, and
great sun comes up like a ball of gold, with a solemnity that makes one feel *#( 'P ' 1 answered, “but thank good- been wondering what has become of
the worse for ii me. Pfl n* v»*r been out so long before."
"Well, you're close home now, and as safe as eggs in a basket."
Another minute brought us into as shallow water as 1 cared to go. Accordingly, heaving to, I brought the dinghy alongside, and wo got into her. Then casting off, I pulled my lord ashore, A small, clean-shaven, parmmiah-looking man, with the regulation white choker, stood by the water waiting fur us. Aa I beached the boat he came forward and said; "My lord, we have been very anxious about you. We feared you had met wi/th an accident."
"I have been very nearly drowned. Mr. Huxter. Had it not been for this gentleman's prompt assistance I should never have reached home
almost afraid f Or at n.ght when, an- nvfls you're none chored in some tiny harbour, the lights Now, what's the best thing to be done?
are twinkling ashore, and the sound of Turn back, 1 suppose, and set you
ashore.”
‘One# more ho nods in fretful style,
Ilia car is g.mo, hut what of that ï W4U m R,u|l>
It gives his sister time to say,	pulnnhcd with a wiy
"Dear brother, won't you bring my ^liut ami fiuixlunl off with a soft Privilege of voting, whom would you
hat f”	jitter. Maltese s lver ornaments of «uppoi tf The same man I have sup.
"Oh. yea I” he ehouts, and truth to	work should he bruahed will P"1”1 r°r tbe k»‘ ‘«° jraare-my
husband.
music comes wafted across the water, with a faintness that only adds to its beauty, to harmonize with the linking of the waved alongside. Review these things in y our mind, and then tell me what recreation can compare with yachting t Not having anyth.ng to hurry me, and only a small boy and my own thought* to keep me eumpany, I took my time ; remained two days in the Soient, sailed round the island, put in a day at Vent nor, and so back to Bournemouth.
ashore, I picked up a nice breeze and ran down to Torquay to spend another week, sailing slowly back along the coast, touclnng at various ports, and returning eventually to the place 1 had first hailed from.
In relating these trifling incidents it is not my wish to bore my readers but to work up gradually to that strange meeting to which they were the prelude. Now that 1 can look back in cold blood upon the circumstances that brought it about, and reflect how narrowly 1 escaped missing the one event which was ‘destined to change my whole life, I can hardly realise that 1 attached such hinall importance to it at the time. Somehow 1 have always been a firm believer in Fate, and indeed it would be strange, all things considered, if 1 were not.
For when a man has passed through so many extraordinary adventures as 1 have, and not only come out of them unharmed, but a happier uud a great deal more fortunate than he has really any right to be, he may claim the privilege, 1 think, of saying he knows something about his subject.
And, mind you, 1 date it all back to that visit tv the old home, and to my uncle's reception of me, for had I not gone down into the country I should never have quarrelled with him and if
1 had not quarrelled with him I **' ustra iu h as giu.u a place as should not haw «one hack to the inn “UJ °'her for ,Ue mau who	out	together, and I returned to mj
in such a dudgeon, and in that case I tbere towork," I said. "But somehow boat.
should probably have left the place dwU look to me like a chap that Mr. Baxter," I said to myself ag ain
without a visit to the bar. never have 18 uaed to wbat "	roughing it. as I pulled off to the yacht. "I want
seen the advertisement, v.sited Bourne- P“rdua ^ bluntness."
mouth, hired the yacht or—but there, ' you S6e' * ve nevcr hi,d much I must stop. You must work out the cbsnce. My father is considered l>y
real £or yourself when you have heard ™an)f u le,y peculiar man. He has my story.	ideas about m**, and so you see I’ve
The morning after my third return never been allowed to mix with other Them, having brought the dinghy tv Bournemouth I was up by day break, people. Hut I’m stronger than you’d alongside, I made the painter fast, had had my breakfast, and was ready think, sud 1 s h * 11 he twenty in Octets sut off on a cruise across the bay, her next."
“Hut what a lot of trouble I'm putting you to.”
“Nonsense I I’ve nothing to do, and
I count myself very fortunate in having been able to rentier you this small
assistance. The breeze is freshening
and it won’t take us any time to get
back. Whers do you live 1”
titude.”
“Just keep that, till 1 ask you for it; and now, as we’ve got a twenty minutes’ sail before us, the best thing for you to do w ould be to slip into u spare suit of my things. They’ll keep you warm, and you can return to my hotel when you get ashore.”
I sang out to the boy to come* aft 'and take the tiller, while I escorted my guest below into the little box of a cabin, and gave him a rig out. Considering I am six feet two, and he l was only five feet eight, the things were a trifle large for him ; but when he was dressed I couldn't help thinking what a handsom1, well-1 u It, aristocratic-looking young fellow he The work of fitting him out pliahed, we returned to the deck. The breeiu was freshening andt he little hooker was ploughing her way through it, nose down, as if she knew that under the cire urne tances tier best expected of her.
tell,	•	a small brush and soapy water, and
He hath no need to about eo loud, . m(J d rllll|;>.1| witii auft leather. But louder yet his son doth yell,
"Show tickets fur the crowd I"
What’e thial exolaimed the Boer general, in n tone of annoyeiooe. Mure prisoners. Dear me! I wish they would show some consideration fur the faut that we are trying to conduct » war instead of running e buarduug house.
The beggar had approached the social reformer. Why don’t you go to workf askod the social reformer. 1 newer thought of that, exclaimed the beggar. The next evening the social reformei delivered a lecture on. Simple Advice to (he Four.
Diner, to res Laurent waiter—What have you got for dinner! Waiter—
The briüiajit polish to be seen on ailver in jewelers whops is obta inA not her carl From window high, ed chiefly by rubbing with fine His daughter ropes him with a call, c»hamo.a leath*ir or I he still »(,i1 er She wants a fan, a pair of gloves, palms of a woman'» hands.
Some gum, a belt, a parasol—
He hears no more, far down street
The trolley bears him far and nigh;	should meet it some time when
And all day long, in men su res fleet,
u.	. w - ZZ, i,...... w
. than the ojtfwiiiig of a door, by e Hut when the evening respite bnnga §t	who stands aside while you
dvne' 8 ,S "	through. but the littl. fueling
Thixugh told to buy a hundred things of pleasure will help to sweeten the
He hasn't thought of one.
Robert J. Burdett.
new
COURTESY.
the
To know the true flavor of courtesy,
Then, after a day
worn out with the many vex-
again.11
"You should really be more careful. my lord. I have warned you before. Your father has been nearly beside himself with anxiety about you!”
“Eh f” said 1 to myself. "Somehow this does not sound quite right. Anyhow, Mr. Raxter, I’ve seen your figuro-hvsd somewhere before—but you were not a missionary then, I'll lake my affidavit"
Turning to me, my young lord held out his hand.
"You have never told me your ” lie said almost reproachfully.
"DLck llâtteras,” 1 answered, "and very much at your service.”
"Mr. llatteras, I shall never forget what you have done for me. That 1 am most grateful to you I hope you will believe. 1 know that I owe you my life.''
Here the tutor’s voice chipped in again, as 1 thought, rather impatient-
^Îk îhe'ooïrZu^lîrïn* ^ ù^.xWuckMn.t. w.d lemb-ger }«>u have w.tkheld lh. eweeten-	Md frWdpa*.to..colleg.
"" Which b- 1Ct ^r”d- eDd Whl0b	fifth si,U,
Dîner—
A BREAD STANDARD
The lack of a generally accepted be needed, perhaps, M well as J<*ir-standard fur a	perfect bread I. on.	w„. One	little act of courte., doe.	"*hte«,th ««i u.ueta.nth aylWUe*
of the greatest	obstacle. in the wa, make	a well bred woman, but i.	UenxjeU. of Uaton.vtila, a.,.; M,
of good homemade bread brooming	a step m	that d,reel ion and make*	fP* “bjeoU U, my adm^er. anting
Vienna bread la	the next one ewier. Should ,ou begin	» the ate», and talking with me uetU
a late hour at night, tie claims that
was
accom-
regarded as a t y ;*e of fine bread, but j ^ New Year's day with the good ratures of Vienna bread, and solution of showing courtesy wherever
he cannot sleep on account of oui What would you advise! Ad-
one soon
it should be taken as a type of good I possible you would be amased at the oaââe*
bread from thr breadmaker's aland-| number of opportunities that would vise papa to sleep in the daytime.
spring up in your path. They are ai- Tommy—Mamma inukee me go to £%d
ways there, awaiting a little bit of encouragement. Ilow long are we going to withhold it f
was
point rather than from that of the bread eater. Since it is w widely known, however, it may be accepted by the Uinprotfvisional breadmaker as a good standard since in some spects it does afford an example of really fine bread. It is light, but not too light ; has a crumb which when lightly rubbed between the hands on the second or third dny will fall into
fine, light crumbs without lumping and without showing white, floury cold when placed upon the coals they
particles ; its crust, brown and thin, often become charred or scorched on
is tender, yet crisp and breaks between the outside before the meat is cooked
the teeth like a cracker, but the loaf through. In an English grill-room
iu m*\
every night tut 8 o'clock. Minister— Will, you kraw, ehe dovi (hut to make you hoeithy. Tommy—1 guess that's so. I ratio* when pa doesn't get home to bed till after midnight he don’t look healthy next morning.
Mrs. House keep—Why don't you go to work. Weary Walker— Well, lady, yer see I’m wat yer might call an unhappy medium. Mrs. Housekvep —Indeed?And what do you mean by that! Weary Walker—Why, I'm too heavy fur light work end too light fur heavy work.
“Are you a stranger in Bournemouth?”
ray companion asked, as 1 took the tiller again.
“Almost,*
WAY TO BROIL STEAKS.
I answered. "I’ve only been in England three weeks, I'm home from Australia."
re-
Ahint from English restaurante is the way in which steaks and cbope are prepared for broiling In that cou n t ry
before they are broiled, a process that much enhances their flavor. If
“Australia! He,illy! Oh, 1 should so much like to go out there,"
His voice was very soft and low, more like a girl's than a boy’s, and I noticed that he had none of the mannerisms of h man—at least, not of one who has seen much of the world.
F be y are always warmed
ly
"Come, come, my lord. This delay will not do. Your father will be
growing still more nervous about you. We must be getting home!"
Then they went off up the cliff j lft(vk3 that quajjty of highest impor-1 they are kept on a warm marble slab
tance flavor.	un t iI needed. A woman who Has liv-
No matter how light or well made, ed for several years in England tes-
be if it lacks flavor it will | tlfics to the superiority of the English steaks and cho|*s, and has adopt-
SIX HOURS AFLOAT.
a loaf may
not be acceptable for steady use
to know where I’ve seen your-face Therefore, having taken the Vienna | cd the method followed there, before. I’ve taken a sudden dislike bread as a guide as to appearance, we lieu of grill-room conveniences she to you. I don't trust you; and if your must aeek to improve on its flavor, | uses the range shelf. Care must be
taken that the meat does not become hot, as in that case its juices
A London paper relates the trying experience at an English sailor. He could not swim, and was six hours in the water during a storm, a life-preserver, bu/t was in eon-slant terror lest it should slip from hie grasp. If it did he knew he could never regain it. He had fallen off the bow-chains of the vessel, and from midnight to daylight the life-boat was see return# for hbn while the ship lay to. Many captains would have desisted m an hour or two, but this
In
He had
employer’s the man they say he is, before* we have a perfect standard for
well, he won’t either.”
homemade bread
Few breadmakers in private familiesl would be ext racted
seem to have any standard, or much clambered aboard, and we stood out j Qf any notion of what really good oif the bay onca more.
OLIVE OIL FOR TI1E NERVES
If you are neuralgic, anaemic, or ner-
homcmade bread is. In fact, people in the country, and they are the chief I vous try the "oil cure,” and see what
of homemade bread, seem it will do for you. However, purchase
I wasn’t very far out in his age
before the sun was a hand's breadth
CHARTER V.
above the horizon. It was as perfect then a morning as any man could wish to
see. A faint breeze just blurred the ing me, what is your name?” surface of the water, tiny waves danced in the sunsh.nc, and my barkie uodded to them as if she were anxious to be off. The town ashore lay very quiet and peaceful, and so still was the air that the cries of a few white gulls could be heard quite distinctly, though they were half a mile or more away.
Having hove anchor, we tracked slowly across the bay, passed the pier-head, and steered for Old Harry Rock and
consumers
to use it not because it is better than	only the pure olive oil which may be
baker’s bread, but because it is more	bought in the bulk at from $2 to $3	one	persevered, the	men were	fina-
oonvenient or cheaper to do so. Often	a gallon, and that, considering its nu-	ally	rewards with	a sightl of	their
the writer has beard housewives say,	tritive value, is one of the cheapest	comrade	a	mile	away.	A	day's	rest
"I consider my bread excellent for	of foods. Take one teaspoonful three	restored	his	strength, and	he	resum-
homemade bread," it apparently never times a day as a "dose ” if you are j ed bis dangerous duties, having occurred to them that a	in a hurry for results. Or if you can
homemade bread could be anything	physically afford the leisure to cul-
tivate an oil taste, begin by -putting
The following morning 1 was sitting in my room at the hotel idly scanning the Standard, and wondering in what way 1 should employ myself until the the time arrived for me to board the yacht, when 1 heard a _ | carriage roll up to the door.
On looking out 1 discovered a
"And now, if you don’t mind lell-
I suppose there can be no harm i*n letting you know it. I was told tf? over 1 mot umy one and they asked me, not to tell them you saved my life it would be grateful not to let you know, the Marquis of Beckenham."
"Is that sol Then your father is the Duke of Gleiibarth?”
"Yes. Do you know him!"
"Never set eyes on him in my life, but I heard him spoken of the other day.’’
I did not add that It Matchem who, during my conversation with him, had referred to his
But since
un
1 am
gorgeous landau, drawn by a pair of fine thoroughbreds, and resplendent with much gilded and crested harness, standing before the steps footman had already opened the door, and I was at the window just in time to see a tall, soldierly man alight from Ut. To my astonishment, two minutes later a waiter entered my room and announced "His Grace the Duke otf Gle&barth."
more than tolerable.
Bread of a proper standard may be I a very little on some lettuce leaves, described as being light yet ck>se, oar any salad combination of which you with small» even pores ; as having a are fond, adding enough good vine-thin, crisp crust; a crumb that will gar to almost entirely disguise the break up between the thumb and fin- taste. Gradually increase the oil, and gers without massing and as being lessen the vinegar until you grow sweet to tante and smell By sweet is fond of the oil, and really enjoy dip-meant not only not sour, but sweet ping your bread into it, as you sure-with a distinctly wbeaten flavor. This| ly will in time, flavor is more pronounced in the second and low grade flours, however, than in the first or high grade flours.
ANTICIPATED.
Something about the Frenchman moved me to distrust him cordially. Accordingly, wh»kn hr. remarked ; You climb se Matterhorn ? wan a great fo'H *
' I did not «ay ;
Feat you mean, monsieur I Which would enable him tc exclaim, Ah ! Zen you jlimb him more as once 1
Instead, I looked him squarely in the eye until be quailed and slunk
away.
A
My crew was for ard
Swanage Bay. and 1 had possession of the tiller.
Zat
As we went about between Canford
was Mr.
Cliffs and Alum Chine, something moving in the water ahead of me attracted my attention. We were too far off to make out exactly what it might be and it was not until five minutes later, when we were close abreast of it, that
The
It was the
Grace, nor did I think it well to say
' that he had designated him the Mad owne,r of the carrül*e and <he father
otf my young friend, if by .such a title
1 might designate the Marquis at
Bee kttuka m.	x
Miriam—Jack Dutnap tried to kiss me five times last night. Melioont— Indeed? What interrupted him?
Duke.'* And so the boy I had sav»d from drowning was the young MarI was
moving in good society with a vengeance. This boy was the first nobleman I had ever clapped eyes on,
Experiments have been made in the use of low grade flour for bread mak-which have resulted in excellent, sweet bread possessing a flavor which many people have declared It impossible to obtain from modern high grade flour, aud it is sincerely hoped that the success of these experiments lead to the more general use of
I discovered it to be a bather, foolish fellow had ventured farther quiti üI
tiec.kcji.ham. Well,
"Mr. Hatteras, 1 presume?" said, he advancing towards me and using that dignified Lon a that only an English gentleman can assume with any-Lhiog approaching success.
mg
out than was prudent, had struck a
PNEUMONIA COMES
strong current, and was now being washed swiftly out to sea
But for
the splashing he made to show his though 1 knew the Count de i’anu-whereabouts, I should in all probability raff well urn u* . .n I hursday Island, not have seen him, and m that case Lis Dut then foreign Counts, and shady
Aa it owe* at that, ought not to reckon,
with him he perhaps.
FROM LA GRIPPE.
"Yes, -that
honoured by your visit, sit down?"
"Thank you."
He paused for a moment, and then continued;
"Mr. Hatteras, 1 have to offer you an apology. I should have called
is my name. I am
Won’t you
fate would have been sealed.
was, when we came was quits exhausted.
may
such flour for bread making purposes
up
Enhauetlon or Low Vitality — Catching: Cold La
Grippe - Pneumonia — These Are the Steps Which Many Are Following.
j "Hut you don’t mean to tell me," Heaving my craft to, 1 leapt into j aaid at length, "that you've got the dinghy, and pulled towards him but before I oould reach the spot Qf % ** ho had sunk. At first I thought he was gone for good and all, but in a few seconds he rose again
CALLS.
no friends? Don’t you ever see any
A lady never calls on a gentleman. This rule holds good whether she is
The ravages of pneumonia are felt but actually cure* the disease ano
drives the pains and aches from the borne*.
Mr*. F. Dwyer, of Chesterville, says:—"My little girl, of three years, had an attack of bronchial pneumonia My husband and I thought she was g<* ing to leave the world, as her case resisted the doctors' treatment. 1 bought a bottle of Dr. Chase’s Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine from our popular druggist, W. G. Bolster. After the first two or three doses the child began to get better, and wears thankful to soy is all right to-day after seven weeks' sickness."
La grippe is too serious a foe to trifle with, and pneumonia in moat frequently fatal. It Is better to guard against these by the use of Dr. Chase’» Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine. Score* of thousands of people ready to endorse il ai the moot effective throat and lung treatment which medical science affords. Be sure you get what you ask for It costs moans than ordinary cough air-turns; 25 cents a bottle; family ail* three times an much for 00 cents. All dialers, or Ednianson, Bals» A U,XV rouio, .
"No, I am not allowed to.
My
married or unmarried. The only excep-
tù>n I, in the case of an elderly lady|«U over the land Thu year more
than in any preceding one this ugly
disease is prevalent. Doctors say that
known intimately and whom she	prevalence of this destroyer of
treats in entirely motherly fashion, life is the direct result of an epide-
Then of course the matter is beyond mic form of la grippe, and ordinary
pneumonia is never so vicious as la grippe pneumonia.
La grippe usually attacks persons of young lady writers and artists call ! low vitality, and develop# into dysen-un editors in their offices. Then, of tery, nervous disorders, or more fre-
—— *"uij u:
festly absurd, for business is busi-	to treat seriously everything in
ness, and must be done in business | the form of a cold. By the prompt
ate of Dr. Chase’s Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine la grippe can always be prevented or cured.
Anyone who has witnessed the
And as uPcm y°u yesterday to express the
father thimks it better not
ihen, be does not wish it, of course I have I gratitude I feel to you for having grabbing him by the hair, I passed nothing left but to obey. I must aaTed 0» We of my son, but I ,u arm under each of bis, and drag- owni however, I should like to ee. unavoidably prevented." ged him unconscious into the boat. In the world_to go a l(mg voyage to 1	To to C<’,H,DUed-
Australia, for instance."
"But how time? life of it."
"Oh, nol You see, I have never known anything else, and then I have always the future to look forward to.
As it is now, I bathe every morning,
I have my yacht, I ride about the park, I have my studies, and I have a tutor who tells me wonderful stories of tbo world,”
"Oh, your tutor has been about, has he?"
man whom she has
and a young
was
less than three m.nutes we were alongside the yacht again, and with my crews assistance I got him aboard. Fortunately a day or two before I had had the fore-thought to purchase some brandy for use in case of need, and mj Thursday Island experiences having taught me exactly what was best to be done under such circumstances, It was not long before I had brought him back to consciousness.
In appearance he was a handsome young fellow, well set up, and possibly nineteen or twenty years of age. When I had given him a stiff nobbier of brandy to stop the chattering of hie teeth, I asked him how be came to be
no fai iron» shore.
I v* considered m very good swlm-
ispited, "and often come out
the realm of etiquette. The same is the case with business visits. Quite
RESTED TELEGRAPH WIRES.
Telegraph wires are better conduc-. | tors on Monday than on Saturday on account of their Sunday rest ; and a rest of three weeks adds 10 per cent, to the conductivity of a wire.
VORACIOUS.
Birds are blessed with large appe-titse. The robin can easily two thirds of its weight in earth worms in a day.
do you put in your You must have a very dull
fashion.
When inquiring after the health of an invalid, one should leave cards with "to inquire” written upon them. Af- dreadful results of la grippe develop-
ter the recovery of the invalid, cards ing into pneumonia or other serious
lung trouble* knows the no port an## of acting promptly when the first symptoms of cold become apparent. It them. If the Mines* has a fatal | Is truly wonderful how thoroughly efficient Dr. Chase’s Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine has proven in the treatment of la grippe and heavy ch<wt colds. It not only affords relief to the cough and inflamed air passage»
devour
are
are sent to all who have inquired with Gaylord—Glad to have mot you, old I "Thanks tor kind inquiries ' written
"Dear me, yesl He was a mieaion- boy; coma up imd see me acme time
ery im tbe South Sea Ialsnda, and has Meeker-I declare, It's too bed; It will termination, the husband, wife or oth-
•»» eome very atirrlng adventures." be Impossible for me to come them r relative sends cards bearing the
-A missionary in the South Seas, I>e engagement elsewhere, ehf Per haw I know him.”
on
no
So I message, "Thanks for kind inquiries and sympathy.**
r,"
sorry.



###PAGE###3###



i T






* ** •





=5
THE GREAT QUEEN'S LIFE
i/ng, heedless of ralm and cold, to wlt-rwsa the bridal procession on Its way to aud from the cbapeJ.'
Notwithstanding the hearty efforts
ot the Quetl to Uhutl/y herself with
her subject* sud to promote the r wel- lltUe ferre,a *nd	wblcb flu-
faro, three attempt» have been made I lsh °Ur V<,,Vet *n,i *l,k tlee *lT® tb*
necessary touches of gold to everyday
dress. Never was there a time when so many pretty chiffons and little accessories were needed to complete a fashionable toilet as at the present moment
FASHION’S FRILLS.
S
Oddments of the lloar in Gold, Tinsel, Velvet. Laos and Fee.
Gold braid tinutd trimming* mad the
X'
Sketchy Story of the Life of Our
Late Ruler.

upon heir life. Au insane posit boy, Edward Oxford, fired a pistol at lier Majesty as she was driving on Constitutional Hill.
s
V-Ï
\


VI
f.
The year 1817 wm a memorable one sisters on the other and the Princess In the history of England. Seldom hud Victoria opposite, the prosperity of a country which had known bo serious hitch or obstacle for When replying to a speech in which e century been more seriously men-1 hi* health had been proposed, the seed ; never were the destinies of a King 1>Uist forth in a bitter tirade oomeututional monarchy that had eio ,t	itH. j)u,hese.
the etorma of KXJ years enveloped in a micre febidding gloom.
&
Hi» attack was repeated by one Francis with a similar
m

RENOUNCED HER MOTHER.


weapon, on nearly the same spot. The
•• &
In the cut hoiuc beautiful transpar-pt.s o will pass'd under the carriage, ent sleeves of ecru point de venlse lacs
Alxmi ( wo, months after this u hunch- are shown; they are trimmed with nar-
Isâck uunH-xi It an similarly essayed row black rlbl»on velvet, and bars
the assassin’s role, but was prevent- Puff* ot finely tucked white chiffon
ed from accomplishing this object by | 11 the * fist#, with pointed puffs of
fhlffon extending over the hands. A pretty pair of the undersleeves which Ire now so fashionable Is also shown.
• •
••••/

#:

s
I trust in Ood,n he exclaimed, “that I may h ive the satisfaction of leaving the death of the Princess Charlotte the royal authority ou my death to the
opened up the prospect of succession to personal exercise of that young lady the throne to the youngest won of (pointing to the Princess)—the heliesa George 111., and had inspired him with presumptive of the crown—and not in a desire to marry. As yet the only the hands of a person now near me gone who had taken wives were the "b> ta suriounded by evil advisers, und Duha of-York, who had children, and "ho is herself incompetent to act with the Duke of Cumberland, whose first | propriety in the station in which she living child was not born till 1819.
The third brother was Edward, DukeTin saying that I have been insulted— of Kent, then 61 years of age. He wan grossly and continually insulted — by n<>t °o terms of ordinary friendship that person, but 1 a in determined to with any of his brothers. Suddenly he endure no longer a course of behavior
determined to marry.	*<> d spectfnl to
* he King particularly complained of wanner in which tho Princess had b«*n prevented from attending at

M
4
m
a hoy, Daaaott, who happivned to be
&
<
m
near.
\
THE ROYAL LINE.
i he Queen was descended from William the CViiwiuerur, who claimed connection with the previous regime, and includ'd Alfred the Great among his ancestors. Here Une, traced backward from Majesty to WrJliam;
Victoria.
I
a

.
ït

# • •
3^


Z

is the family
"V>
>
X
her
would 1m* placed. I have no hesitation

7f
• s
se
à
• %
»• • ••

Daughter of Edward, Duke of Kent, Third son of George III
Son of Frederick Lewis Prince of Wales,
1

• •
S

rttfin

%
• •
• f

i
Victoria, daughter of Duke Franz of Baxe-Coburg, at that time 82 years of age, had taken the DttjR'i fancy. On July 11, 1818, this lady became thej001111 b> her mother.
Duchess of Kent, the future mother of Kor the future/' he saW, “I siiall the future Quota of England.	insist and command that the Princess
'h* upon all occasions appear at my cuurt, au it in her duty to do.**
II iving begun with an anathema the King ended with a benediction, speuk-«•ïig of the Princess and her future feign ni g tone of paternal interest and ufl.-ction. The effect, however, which the royal utterances produced wa« alarming. The Queen looked in deep distress, the Princess burst into ,8‘‘rs, the Duchess of Kent aald not

Son of George IL,
Son of George 1.,
Son of Princess Sophia, who married the Elector of Hanover,
Daughter ot James I.,
Son of Mary Queen of Scots. Daughter of James V., of Sc</tlnnd, Sun uf Princess Margaret,
Di lighter of Henry VfL,
Sun of Margaret, wife of Edmond Tudor, Earl of Richmond, reached Daughter of John de Beaufort, Windsor—the Queen informed Lord Marquis of Somerset and Dorset. Melbourne that she had made up her Son of John of Gaunt , Duke of mind as to her marriage. On the 15th Lancaster and King of Castile and she thus wrote to Baron Stockmar : Tv on,
"I do feel
the
•*
s:::r:


• H

#'•*


## »

y
/

/ <

HK WAS POOR.
When the Duke was informed by his •onsort that he had the prospect of an heir, it was his wish that the child should be born on English soil. The journey was attended with difficulty, for II* Grace was much pressed for ready cash. In the sprung at 1819, however, the journey was made. The Duke and Duchess were installed at Kensington Palace, then, as now, a • place of residence for the members and
KING EDWARD VII.
The New Ruler of Great Britain and all Her Colonies.

l
the doors were thrown open, and the I days after her lover had
Of the proceedings the Clerk of the
Council wrote : M After she had read
her speech and taken and signed the
_	...	°*th for the security of the Church
"• ,WWd| bMt ”on after l™vme tbe Of Scotland the Privy Councillor» protège» of the royal family, mud on .n‘x"u- 11 “u™ need her immediate do- were awyrn- the two royal Dukes firat
May 24. 181*. "a pretty little Princess. pa^ure. ^dered her carriage. ^ themeel.ee, and as these two old
plump a» a partridge," waa born. The 1 htire WM but one event which Hi» men_ ^r uncle», knelt before her,
Duke waa delighted with the child. He	to Li™ to	*" «wearing allegiance and kissing her
would dandle and «areas her, and «¦ <""l-forsaken realm," He devout- han4 l aaw ^ bltwh up to th, av„
then hand her to the arm» of adm.r- £ Pruy-eI that he might live till the „ y st]e (elt the ^ptra»t between ing spectators, with tbe caution, * rmccss Victoria was of age. His pray-
**Take cars of her, for she will be er waw just granted, but only just.
Queeu of England." His Grace did not ** Wllh not until she was 12 years live to enjoy his parental happiness old that the l*rinc«?vs Victoria
</a

Son of Edward III Son of Edward 11 Son of Edward 1
so guilty I know not how to btigin my Letter, but I think the news it will contain will be sufficient to insure your forgiveness. Albert has completely won my heart, and all was settled between us this
morning. . . I feel certain he will tiua of Matilda, wife of Geoffery make me very happy. I wish I could ! Plant a genet, say I felt as certain of making him Daughter of lie nay 1., happy. Leopold must tell you all to about t%o details, which I have not
«
•I
••
CHIC ACCESSORIES OF DRESS.
Son. of Henry 111.,
Soa of John of Magna Charts fame. ! Tbey ftre made of floe «smy lac* Sun of Henry II.	and hnve pointed cuffs of transparent
lace, edged with a double row of gold tinsel braid.
Another figure shows a folded neckband of creamy lace, with a bow of narrow ribbon velvet on the left side. 'Jkie ends of the velvet are finished off with small gold buttons. Another folded neckband has a tie of ribbon velvet with pointed gilt ends.
As already said, accessories are Indie-He subsequently pensable, and particularly the little obtsiip-d possession of Bavaria, and scarfs and ties, the choux of velvet
their civil and natural relations, and
this wan the only sign of emotion
which she evinced. Her manner was them was very graceful and engag-
pwmitted to know the high destiny	ing.	She kissed them	both and
It had been prophesied that two	,#,s,‘rv,‘ I for hex, and ovan then the	from	her chair a_
members of the family would die in	knowledge came in an almost accid-	Duke	of Sussex, wh
the course of 1820. Th* Duke believed Ientail ul;lon®r.
San of William the Conqueror.
The Queen through the Georges
This family
and public announce- founded In 489 by Anulphus Hunulp-was not made bus Guelph, Lho first of the north-©irthei in Germany or England till jC5ru Kings of Italy, the close of the year.
Meanwhile the future nusTwnd of ' multitude of men who were sworn and | The Primce arrived in England for 'the Guc,phs ruled there for many cen- or crape, and velvet tabs and adoro-1819he had glume to the sheltered wa-	the Prlneew and hex cousin was grow-	who	one after another, to kiss	I his marriage on February 6, 1840.	Luri,>3' and afterwards held sway in	meats, which are seen on all fashion-
tering place of Sidmouth, in Devon-	j!lg up in Germany. Prince Albert	hex hand, but she did not speak to	The marriage book place cm February	Saioay‘ One u£ the GueJphs, William,	aMe tulU‘fM- ,n fact* °ur ‘wheel seem
alure, "To cheat,,l as he said, "the win-; the son of the Dfuke of Coburg, was anybody, nor did she make the slight: 10 la the chapel of St. James’s Palace. , Éoundeir ot tbe Uuus» uf Lunenberg,	of lace\iid th'' rn-ImT fw*
1er." One day he happened, when	boxn at Roseau,u in the August of	wt difference in hex manner, or show	"The morning,” writes Theodore	ha<l s^vwn sons and eight daughters.	rm ^ ribbon to the many charme,
v,kmti u uaik, to get wet and to catch	the same yeux a# Prixiccsa Victoria,	any In her countenance to any individ-	Martin in his “Life c*f the Prince Con-	1 h,s	agreed among themselves	avals and pendants which swing on oar
•old. Acute inflammation of the	%ud it La u cuxiouu coincidence, con-	uaul a°y rank, station, or party. I	sort,” “had been wet, foggy and dim-	noL to divide the dukedom. One, to	chains,
lun^, up. iwiHvd and curried him off.	e id at ing the future connection of the	Particularly watched her when Lord	ma^ but the day was not to want ,	be selected by lot, was to marry, and
Melbourne and the Ministers and the	the happy onnem of that sunshine	bo and bis children after him were	trimmings In apnlique form, but gold
which came afterward to be provex- j rule. The unusual arrangement and silver tinsel In combination with bially known as ‘Queen's weather.'
Soon after the return of the bridal I George, the sixth brother, wou the most charming In faced cloth or hand' some chine silk.
time to do."
tong.
j was a Guelph.
was
rose
The official meat of the betrothal
1 moved toward the was furthest from her and too infirm to reach her. She seemed rather bewildered at the
r*
tu
the prophecy implicitly, but he applied h to his brothers. In» the winter of
ASSAILED A LORD.
Exquisite are the new galons and
*!ho poor widow found herself, children, tha-t Mme. Siebold, the owing to the Duke s considerable couche.se who attended the Duchess of Duke of Wellington debts, in a very uncomfortable post- Coburg, at the birth of lion at the time of his death.
ac-
and Peel ap-
dhserved to the letter, niwl co,om1 velvet Is the newest Idea and
was
the young proacher. her She went through the Her Prince, had only three months before whoe ceremony occasionally looking at brother, Leopold, enabled her to re- attended the Duchess of Kent at the Melbourne for instruction when she turn to Kensington, where she hence- birth of the Princess. "How pretty had any doubt what to do, which forth devoted herself to the education! the little Mayflower,"
#f her child, Queen Victoria,
matrimonial prize. His youngest Ernest Augustus, succeeded him, marrying th«* Elec tress Sophia, daugh-
party from the chapel the clouds passed off,
son,
The heavier makes of lace, such as duchesse, bruges point and the becoming renaissance lace, are distinctly pop-
who lined the	roads from	Bucking-	teT af the Kmg of Bohemia,	whose	ular. and the godet collars
ham Palace to	Windsor Castle to see	WI^Ü was the	daughter of our	James	than the tiat type and can be worn In
tbo sovereign and her hutfoand as ^ The Electress Sophia, granddaugh- various styles, they passed wore more fortunate ter of James I., would have succeeded than those who	had crowded	the aven»	to the British	Crown on the death of	bf,flice or !'ln,Ise is a chou arrangement
Queen Anne.	But she died	seven	of eraPe or hebe Telvet wltb end., the
«mk» before that monarch, and her	'°°P8’ C™De	°*
sun, George L. ascended the throne. Huge .Ingle blossom, set In rosette. By way of James I, amd his daughter 0f tulle or chiffon are used, the color* tho Qut*on was connected with the reproduced lu long velvet or ribbon Guelphs. She was also united in the streamers falling to the edge of the
the sun shone out with un-
usual brilliancy and the thousand#
writes the hardly ever occurred, and with per-grandinother both of Albert and Vic- calmness and self-possession, but tor La, the Dowager Duchess of Co- the same time with a graceful mod-Six days after the death of the Duke buTK« to tby Buohee* of Kent, MwUl <«*7 and propriety particularly intérêt Kent the prophecy above mentioned **	1 flee in a year's time. Si©- eating and ingratiating."
was completely lulfilled by the death hold can not sufficiently describe what •f hi# father, George 111. On Monday, tii deaT Kttle love it is." The Mayflow-the 81#l, the new sovereign, the Prince er above spoken of was, of course, the Regent, was proclaimed George IV. The Princess Victoria. From a very early health of the new King was precari- Period the Dowager Duchess perrnit-*ub ; hia age was advanced ; he had no
#
ft re DPwer
PROPHECY FULFILLED.

The favorite decoration for a lac#
HER ENGAGEMENT.
On October 14, 1839,—that is, four
ues of St. James's Palace m the morn-
j
f

ted herself to entertain the hope that legal hair. The Duke of York, the, her two grandchildren would there-heir apparent, twas married, had no family, and his Duchess was in a de- On February 25, 1831, when not din.ng state. The Duke of Clarence, quite 12 years of age, she attended the next in order, wus of ripe age. lie her first drawing room. "Lady Jer-had had twto daughter* born to him. sey, ' writes the amusing Mr.Greville, Each of them had died in infancy, but " made a scene with Lord Durham, further issue, though not probable, She got up in a corner of the *a* still not an impossible contiu- and said: 'Lord Durham, I hear that gency. The next in succession was you have said things about me which the infant Prinoeee at Kensington are not true, and I desire that Palace. Every year as it passed! by made it more apparent that if only the witness to hear my positive denial, life of the royal babe were spared upon and I hope that you will not repeat her the monarchy ultimately must de- such things about volve. A* a matter of fact the pro- q. fury, and he in a still greater. He phctic boast of the Duke of Kent was muttered that he should never set fulfilled earlier than might have been foot in her house again which she did anticipated. The Regent reigned not hear, and, after delivering herself (oi just 10 years after hie ascent to the of her aeepch she flounced back
flv
same way to the Royal line of Scot- t°wn-land. James I., of England, and the sixth of Scotland, was the son of Mary, Queen, of Scots, whose lineage is traceable back to Elizabeth, Duj>-
after become man and wife.
••
r
The black lace robe, with applications of white lace disposed as a garniture, Is quite the oew idea for this type of gown and can be worn over black or white.
)
can, and Malcolm, of tragic fame. The Scotch Line, the Norman line, a
Flat, short haired furs are greatly In i the favor this Reason, and, as fur Is now Hanoverian or Guelph line, all unite used for coats, for turndown collars in the Queen and Royal family. So and yokes, n bushy or long haired fur
doeti the old British monarchy. It is wo’dd be Impossible. Very narrow
hands of sable, mink and of brown

room
\
you
will call upon me to-morrow with a
rr w?p
claimed that one branch of the family tree reaches to Alfred the Great and Egbent. The various races unit-
skunk are us<-u on handsome evening gowns of velvet and silk, and flat collars and wide revers of ermine are poped m the Queen made her distinctly Dlar on ,ong eveulng coat8.
representative of the English of today.

me/ She was in

^77S
New Wnr’i Nat» mod llmlelne.
The time honored dessert of nuts and raisins can be varied a little In the manner of serving. A fancy arrange-
j
i

HOW IT IS DIVIDED.
again
thronu as Georg. IV., the Duke of to hnr beat, mightily proud of her Clarence just seven years as William exploit. It arose out of her
%
t n :
0? • f
Tbf.Auglo-S.ixen Mace Will	Dominai
the World.
The great powers of the earth start the new century with the world divided up among them aa follows:
Square mi lee. Popul on. British.	.	.	12,151,000	4(0,000,000
i Russian.	.	.	8.660,395	lbO,OUO,«,0()'
j American.	.	8,768,621	10,090,0001
j French. . . 3,688,756	95,OJO,(
I German.	. .	1.2.3, no	70,0 0,u00
The British Empire and the American republic have between them 15,919,521 square miles of territory and a population of 410,000,000, three million square miles more territory and double the population of the other three great powers. The Anglo-Saxon race is evidently going to dominate the world Lb is century. And that is a decidedly fortunate thing for the world.
f
saying
ibat he should make Lady Durham de-On August 80, 1836, King William, mand an audience of the Queen to
IV.
• •
contradict the things which Lady Jersey said of her, and to other Whig allies/* These

V
A
who had acceded to the throne on the death of hie brother, in 1830, gave a dinner party at Windsor on hia birthday.
f

11.
£
were days in which party spirit ran high, and penetrated the whole fabric of society in England. Within two or three years of this time Princess Victoria had taken hewr place in that society as the heiress to the English throne.	,
?f
>

l
;

There was one person whom the King (detested moue even than his Ministers — the mother of the Princess, the Duchess of Kent, who had not been sparing in her criticisms on the reception she bad met from the royal TVxr national purposes the Princess family in England. The Duchess had completed her majority on the eigh-spplied for a suit of apartments for teenth anniversary of her birth, her own use in Kensington Palace, and °n June & nine days after this had been refused by the King. She event had taken place, the King appropriated the rooms, not w ithstand- desperately til and died on June 20. lug the denial. The King informed |
her publicly that he neither understood I Thte King died at 2.20 on the ¦or would endure conduct so die- Lag of June 20, and the young Queen respectful to him. This, though said met her Council at Kensington Pah-teudly and publicly, was only the mut- ace at 11 man. the same day.
Wrings of a storm which broke next having received the two royal Dukes, day. It was the royal birthday, and the two Archbishop*, the Chancellor the King had invited a hundred people and the Prime Minister—Lord Melts dinner. The Duchess of Kent sat bourne—the proclamation was read to 9v 'in1 *ic B a "Majesty, one of his the Council, the usual order passed,



il»
v
V
c-
I
y\

i
m
FANCY ARIIANGBURNT OF NUTS, ETC. I
ment from Table Talk Is here shown of nuts, raislus stuffed with blanched almonds, rolled In sugar; chestnuts In bur on top, and sultana raisins
v
r
i?







• •
A
l)

About Milk.
Milk Is said to tie a perfect food, but In no sense a beverage and should never be used as such. For some Invalids It supplies all that Is necessary for sustenance and in this respect differs from beef tea, which does not nourish.	stimulates, although
Clarence—Clarissa, I hope you won’t I tnnny people still foster the delusion allow yourself to be deeply unhappy | &*t It affords both rntriment and aver the breaking of our engagement. | strength. A very little milk. If it Agrees
with the Individual, Is of more real , J value than a large quantity of beef tea | Again, cocoa and chocolate, made wltl milk *orm a rich, heavy f<*kL bos
£3®
s *
m

THE CORONATION.
:/] Y
• i
3
morn-
s’

%
fTHE DEAD ROMANCE CURE

y>

•/
After
y
< V

Clarissa—Oh, I won’t be unhippy Clarence ; I'm in such a social rush I
x
ALEXANDRIA QUEEN CONSORT OF ENGLAND.

won't have time.



###PAGE###4###







r











Farmers, Attention !
THE MARKETS.
THE EQUITY.
KH




THE McCORMIGK
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-BOOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . • •
ÎZ
SHAWVILLE.
Wlient, (standard) 70 to 75c. Ont* per bushel, 25 to *2lk\ Pense per bushel, 58 to 60r. Buckwheat, 40c. per bush. ISggs, per dosen, 15e.
Butter, per pound, 17 to 18e. Wool, per pound, 10 to Me. Pelts, each, 00 to 75c.
Turkeys, 8 to H&cts.
Geese, 5 to Slots.
Chickens, 5 to 5$c.
Ducks, 01 to 7ot*.
Pork, 07.00 to 07.50.
Beef, f4.00 per 100 lbs.
Hides, $0.00 to $5.00.
SHAWVILLE. FEB. 7, 1901.
U
GV



HARVESTING
MACHINERY

The tiret session of the Ninth Parliament of Canada opened on Wednesday when Mr. Broder, M. P., was elected Speaker of the House of Commons. The House then adjourned till the next day, when the formal opening in the Senate chamber, at which the Speech from the Throne w as read, took place. On account of the mourning observances enjoined by the death of Queen Victoria the usual social accessories were lacking from the function of the opening, which ou this occasion was expected to have been of more than ordinary brilliancy.
>
Z*V
IS SECOND TO NONE IN THE WORU).
o
1 uni prepared toanpply tlie nnmv to the farmers of Pontine on reasonable tenus, and also to furnieh REPAIRS, which will always be kept on baud, thus avoiding delay in having to send away for them.
i£7 1 loi ms taken lu exchange for Machinery.
The Season for
STOVES
SEWING MACHINES
WRINGERS
WASHERS
CHURNS.
ALF. HOWARD,
Is now In !
OTTAWA
At.KNT FOR
The McCormick Harvesting Machine Company
A LAO FOR
Organs, Pianos and Sewing Machiqes.
Butter, print, 2to. per lb.
palls, 18 to 22c. per 11». Eggs, fresh, 30c. per ooe. Potatoes, 40 to 45c. per bag. Apples, 00 to 80c. per bag. Lamb, 7 to Oc. per lb.
Mutton, 0 to 8c. per IK Beef, 81 to 5Je. per lb.
Pork, $7.75 to $8.25 per 100. Chickens, 35 to 75c. n pair. Oats, 20 to 20c. per bushel, llnv, $8.00to $11.00 per ton. Wool. 11 to 10c. per lb.
44
The Farmers Sun, (Patron) disapproves of the appointment of the throe Ontario gentleman, recent y called by the Government to fill the vacancies in the Sonate. The new Senators are : Lyman Jones of: Toronto, of the Massey Harris Company;
A. T. Wood, head of the Hamilton iron \ smelting works, and George McHugh of Lindsay, whose appointment seems to be j in recognition of long services to the I Liberal party. The Sun argues that tluaej r appointments should have been made with more concern for the agricultural interests of the country.
DALE BROS.
CEO. HYNES,
SHAWVILLE,
Are prepared to supply the public with Stoves of all kinds at lowest possible prices.
JUST IN!
NEW GOODS
LARGE ASSORTMENT.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
Tenders for Wood.
FALL
Sealed tenders will l e received by the undersigned up to the 20th day of February. Inst., for twenty cords of dry hemlock
The funeral of her late Majesty Queen Ior	wood. Must In' sound body
vi . j 4 l ,	« * . , I wood. The lowest or any tender not nee
victoria, took place on Saturday last, essarlly accepted. Wood delivered at idly
marking the closing chapter in the history | Factory.	1). J. HILLIARD,
of the greatest reign the world has ever	( Iu 1 M M,lkl '
known, and shutting out from the public gaze the person of the most illustrious ai d generally beloved woman of her time.
Incompliance with her own request the I Notice is hereby given that an applica-,	,	...	. 1	turn will be made to the Parliament of
funeral was a military one, the remains Canada at the next session thereof for
of the aged Queen being conveyed from I Act incorporating a Railway Company to
the railway station to St. George's chapel j construct ia line of Railway from some
took part in the procession, which wa - River, thence by the most feasible route to probably the most imposing spicracle of the district drained by the Cou longe, the kind ever witnessed in London. Black mid Dumoine Rivers, and lhence After the services in St. George’s chapel northerly to t he shore of .lames' Hat : amt
»«<« «Sss^Sks sr
and the Dean of Windsor,—the Royal way company authorized to build lines of
remains were taken to the mausoleum railway along or near the said route, or| OTTAWA & MONTREAL#
which the Queen erected to receive the | any part thereof ; with power to construct
branch lines ; to own, charter and run steamboats and other vessels ; to acquire,
—,	, operate and dispose of mines, minerals
Ine empty sarcoph-I iu1(i their products, timber lands, water agus, long in waiting has at last received powers and privileges ; to purchase, use its tenant.	I ami sell electricity for all purposes; to
construct, acquire, maintain and operate , tramways, bridges, ferries,mills, wharves,
An extra of the Canada Gazette, issued : docks and elevators, and to carry ou huai-
A large, well selected and. varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
Smart & Smith. COODS I
I also keep a complete stock of l4 uncial Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
Shaw ville. Feb. 5, 1001.
NOTICE.
P. S.—Harness.

CANADA ATLANTIC
Our customers will find well stocked up with a good
. . line of . .
all
US
MUM
SNOW
I
SEASONABLE GOODS
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT Trains daily between
of nil kinds for
i'
Fall & Winter Trade
/
and a comparison of prices will show that wo are in it with the best of them for good values and satisfactory dealing.
CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
At Bottom Prices.
SKATES
On and aft r J ia. 1 Hi aud until further advised
train service will be as follows :
ashes of her beloved husband. Prince Albert, and her own when death should again unite them.
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot: —
a (1.10 A. M. - Local—Stop* at all Intermediate stations. Arrit vs Montreal 9.N)a. m. Rockland Branch, llawkesbury tizanch, Valle) fluid, connects at Coteau Junction, for Cornwall aud points went.
at),CO A.M , Limited, arrives Montreal 11 20 a.tn„ making close ronne^ tl.ms with I. C. Ry. Maritime Express for Quebec, Halifax, aud all intermediate points e.i»t Pullman 1'ailor Car attached. '
MCDOUGALL & CUZNER,
We are selling at cost.
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
SSMpMI
and half mourning until April	In con- ] for.
sequence of this intelligence there will be no receptions at Governnnnt house until after January 24, 1902.
1-8.00 A M Sundays only—Stops at intermediate stations. Arrives Montreal 11.UO a.m. Pullman Parlor Car attached.
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE’S CORNERS.
a 4. *20 P. M., Limited—Stops Alexaudrii and Ovtv*u
June. only.
Arrives Montreal 8 JO p.in. Pullman Parlor Car attached. Connects with trains fur Portland and all points east of Montreal. For Vallevlleld and all jHihita south of the 8t. 1-awrencc River, St, All ana Burlington, etc. Arriving Boston 7 flOhi m New York 7.20 a m. Has through Buffet Sleeping Car, Ottawa to New York.
"6.40 P. 3t. Local-Steps st Intermediate sUtfyat Arrives Montreal 10.00 p.m. Connects at Coteau Junction for Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, Chicago
To Catch the Eye and the Mind ! at the Same Time
Dated Ottawa, January 2nd, 1901.
CHRYSLER & BETHUNE, Solicitors fur Applicants.
FRESH and CURED
AVIS.
It has been decided to abolish the ( dice of chaplain of the senate, which was rendered vacant on the death of the late Dean Lauder. There is really no necessity for the office, and the government has acted wisely in determining not to continue it. The speaker of the commons reads the prayers with which every sitting of the popular chamber is opened, and there is no reason why the practice should not prevail in the senate. A saving of $500 per annum is effected by the abolition of the post.
'is"the art in advertising, this saying is, especially to those wishing pleasant and profitable employment. “ Canada’s Sons on Kopje and Veldt,” the only book dealing exclusively with the Canadian Contingents, is the book to handle. Official, Authentic, Cheap, sells on sight to everybody, and anybody can sell it. Capital or experience not for Free Outfit and make money.
The Bradley-Garretson Co., Limited,
Brantford, Ont.
This Ad. illustrates how true
MEATS
Avis est donne par lo present qu’une demande sera adressée au parlement du Canada, t\ sa prochaine session, a lin d’obtenir un acte constituant en corporation une compagnie de chemin defer pour construire une voie ferrée partant- de quelque point sur la rivière Ottawa, dans le comté de Pontiac, dans eu entre le township d’Onslow et 1’em bouchère de la rivière Du moine, do la par la route la
etc.
Trains arrive at Ottawa C ‘tiaral Depot :
•11,10 P.M. Local from Bolton, New York, NVw Bug tond and Montreal at 9.50 a. iu. Has Pullman Parlor Car attached.
12.15 P. M Limitai-From Montreal and i>ointa east, leaving Montreal at 9.5V a.m. Has Pullman Pat lor Car.
of all kinds at
THE SHAWVILLE
IVjeat Market
J. 0. McGUIRE,
9.05 P. M. Loral-From Montreal, and intermediate point#, Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, ami points west. Has Pullman Tailor Car, leaving , -	,	Montreal at 6.50, p. m.
plus practicable jusqu mi district arrosé ,6.3S P; M. Llmited-Fmm Montreal leaving at par les rivières ( 'oulonge, Noire et Du- 4.iu p.iu. lias Pullman Parlor Car.
moine, rt de la au nord jusqu'à la vive de la Bay James ; et pour tusioner, passer un bail ou faire des arrangements de traffic avec toute autre compagnie de chemin de fur autoaisée A construire des lignes de chemin de fer le long ou près de ladite route, ou toute partie d'icelle ; avec pouvoir de construire dus lignes d’embranchement ; posséder, affréter et naviguer des bateaux A vapeur et autres vais-
necessary. Send
A Great Book.
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
8 15 A. M. For Arnprlvr. Renfrew. Eganville, Pembroke, litrry's Hay, Whitney. Canoe Lake, Parry Sound and intermediate pointa.
4.40 P M. F-«r Arnprlor, Renfrew, Eganville, Pembroke, Mailawaska and inteimediate stations.
I.	00 P. M. Mixed Train f *r Atnpricr, Renfrew, Eganvi le, Madnwaska and intermediate (dations.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :
II.	10 A. M. From Madawaska, Pembroke, Eganville, Renfrew. Arnprior and intermediate i «ointe.
5 55 P. M Fiom Parry Sound, Fganville, Renfrew, Arnpriur aud intermediate pointa.
2*50 P M. Mixed Trains from Madawaska, Eganville, Renfrew, Arnpriur and intermediate stations.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
The death of our illustrious Sovereign will naturally be followed by the publication of many “ Lives cf the Queen.”
A well written and artistically produced book on Her Majesty’s life and regn, will unquestionably command an ini mente sale. An old bo >k with a few pages
added, a rehash of newspaper artiebs	. .	,	.
thrown together in a day, or American , se*ex : ocqucm, exploiter et depose: des book, by	American author., will not fill	! mine»	m.ércâux et do leurs produite. de
the bill.	The Herald i. filed to announce	j terres	dc <l «*" tit l'mildges
that The World Publi.hing Company, Mîydraitliquera ; acheter, utilizer et vendre of Guelph, who have been foremost in do 1 electneite pour toute fins que co soit; the past in the production of high clae. construire, acquérir, maintenir et ex plot-literature, have h.d for s ,me time in pro- tcr , es tramways ,suits, passages d eau, paration The Life and Reign of Queen moulins quau, docks et élévateurs, et Victoria, which will be a étendard work tixerccr 1 '"dustrio dc voituriers ct d enter-of great excellence, and is being prepared j poseurs en général ; et construire et ex-
with great care. It i. written by John P%"tcr des lignes de tvlegranhe et de tél-	.
«VnHar	Iha ™lphrat«d Htetnrinn anrl	VpllOllC le long de la route du (lit chemin Ticket* to Europe ami nil parte of the	world by	nil
mm London En»uLd M.iatëd	1 de fer,	ou s'y raccord, et transmettre des	•"»	Un»,Cook'.
^»^F5£=r,l -	E—mBEH SæHSrâ De8irable
unde/thti Queen's Reign including the I	Sollicituera des requérants.	the castle. It is a simple but beautiful members of the band were mere school
üi.i^ Princfl Walon to Canari i I Ottawa, 2 janvier 1901.	graduate of Oxford University, and w&f structure of colored marble, mosaic and girls, but they took a leading part in the
There will be a great number of portrait,	--- ?“ be.empI°^ ,n an.,e"deivor to de“ro7
isSi'ïïlfL'ïS	ü-éSE : Sir ft %	. . .. , h
to be found in any magazine of the day. tion restraining the Supreme Court of the Î	n!	? • -	?-	, with these implements w. c. t. u. According to the record of the Chicago
The paper and manufacture will be in I Independent Order of Foresters from con-; fj1,e*cnh.!ïrgJ*.1®alad<ministration of	members wreck four Kansas	Tribune, there were 115 persons lynched
:ssws: SCTCK : tEH	"K&r s%%%
contrast to an opposition work which has otherwise with the plaintiff and his attor-, dieml9Std the ,not,on*	Anthony, Kans., January 31.-Twelve Jlth*w^nty cases each; Georgia had 1G;
been submitted to us for inspection.	ney and witnesses in prosecuting certain	---—--- women of the W. C. T. t ., armed with ,ntja • I Alabama 8, Tennessee 7, Ar-
The Herald predicts a sale of their Life actions brought by him, was to day denied	She Who Was Queen.	pickaxes, hatchets and hammers, y ester- Kansas and \ irginia each had six. In the
of the Queen greater than has ever been by Justice Blanchard in the SupremeCourt 1	- day raided and completely demolished four northern states lynching* occurred in In-
reached by any other book in Canada, as, Dr. Coulter also claimed the organization j A London correspondent some days ealoonn.	, duns, Kansas, and Colorado. In six-
it seems	to	us, every	loyal	subject	will	was practically insolvent and had expend-	ago, before the Queen's death, wrote :	During the early hours of the morning	teen years, by the T ribune record, 2,583
desire a copy.	The work	is to be sold	at	ed over 8400,000 in collecting an income	Queen Victoria’s tomb is ready for her.	twelve members of the local	branch ot	P«r«ons have met their deaths, as punish
a low price to bring it within the reach	0f $2,500,000 last year. The defendants	It was built from designs suggested by	the W. C. T. V. marched quietly down	men tor crimes alleged against them, at
of all.	denied all the allegations of mismanage	herself and under her own supervision,	the principal streets of the town. They	16 ]'xt" s ' mo ’9* hi three cases last
The advertisement of “ The World pub-	ment and showed that the order had now	The burial place of the British sovereigns	carried a miscellaneous collection of axes,	>,uar 1 16 vengeance was by burning at the
lishing Company,' calling for agents,	170,000 members in the United States and	is in the famous chapel of St. George,	hatchets, etc. Several of the women	? a a llnti civiHed law has not author-
will be found in another column of our	Canada and a surplus of $4,000,000,	within the castle walls at Windsor, which	were accompanied by their husbands,	lze ,or centuries. There is no imm-
of to-day.-Guelph Herald, Jan. Another of Dr. Coulters charges was was built by Cardinal Wolsey, and is who however, took no partm the proceed ed,ate prospect, either, that such proceed-
that the association declined to accept	considered one of the most beautiful exanv	logs and acted only as y sort	of body-	mgs wi cease. In a democracy public
black or yellow men as members, while it	pies of ecclesiastical architecture in the	guard.	hi»*101! i ° * rCn?* 1 'r weakness of the
SaSSSS SüHk.tc t H-si--
Proorietor.
.303 Calibre.
&srsy
n
t T
^T”

eve




Savage Magazine Rifle.




THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Only Hammerles Smokeless 6-Shooter.


Finest and safest rifle ever made for large or small game.
Write for complete 1909 Catalogue.
One rifle takes six different cartridges. Point Blank Range for Hunting.
Central Depot. Russell House Block.
RM8 OO., UTICA, N. Y.. U. S. AMERICA.
for Sale.
The undersigned offers for sale his farm Mrs. Sheriff previously had destroyed property, desirably situated in the Front
Mrs. .Nation, who has achieved a wides- land, all tillable, with about 70 acres clear-spread reputatio i in the matter, her first ed of stumps and stones, aud well fenced, idea fur a w recking crueade «gainst in- The soil consists of sandy loam with some temperance.	clay and clay loam, and the «remises are
excellently watered. On the farm arc erected a good log house, suitable size and well finished inside ; log stable and piggery : new frame Iwtru with cow stalls underneath ; old log barn and sheds suitable for storage of hay or grain.
This farm which is well adapted for stock purposes, Is situated 4 miles from Shaw ville and !H from Bristol Fern, and is convenient to church and school. The property will l»c sold reasonable for cash, or half cash down, with balance in yearly payments at A percent interest. For further particulars apply to the owner.
JAS. T. CALDWELL,
Massey, Out.,
caldWkli
Shawville,
i
Axes, Hatchets, Hammers.

l
]
or C.

l
Notice to Debtors.
£
mue 25th, 1901.
As 1 am til amt to innove from Bristol. I desire to noli fly nil parties indebted to by note or book account to settle the same as soon as convenient with my brother Lyons Lucas, with whom I hare arranged to transact business for me during my absence.
Caldwell, Dec: 21,1900.
me
r.|
di
©1
JAS. A. LUCAS.
P



ce





X






â—jàÊ*

	

		
¦
###PAGE###5###




THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No. 876.
I OF i
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
STOCK-TAKING
A Weekly Journal devoted to local I ate reels.
rvisMSHED r.ve*r tuvusday
AT 81! A W VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION $100 A MAP IN ADVANCE.
#<T No paper stopped null! all arrearage*	____
epald, unless by special arrangement with I j A 0ow xy
u M i n her
m
the 4th Wednei 'l«y of every mouth.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cord I ally InvUotl
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
Ui<
Is now going on at the C. F. HODCINS Departmental Store which means Great Bargains.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
It R
H S. B A R* RTT, VE
J* ^ RA»*g, C. Il
O
AhVEIlTlBINQ HATK3:
r^gr»! advertising. eight conte per Une for nr*i In Heritor» and four rente per line for Jar»» subsequent Insertion.
Business rants not exceeding one Inch tn-wrted at #4 00 per year.
ILDIDtlGr tfA11 Kinds BooeM and Sold.
>Krl^r^7ttU,.l?e,um»0nXr
Which will be given on application
vlvertleements received without Initruc-lloiis ecoompanylng them wilt be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pnb-lu!)icd free of charge. Obituary poetry three feuts per line.
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
84 N«Pe‘«i SL. Ottawa. Ont.,
A^?1 Clearing Sale
FOR
CONSIGNM ENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions* Prompt
Returns.
Commission	a Specialty#
SLEIGHS, CUTTERS, ROBES, BLANKETS, HARNESS, WHIPS, BELLS, &c:,
BIG DISCOUNT ON LADIES’ JACKETS.
Ilr.mtK*cra by Pkhmi.mium •
Il N. Hate A Son.
JOU HUNTING
We bought at a sacrifice 26 Ladies’ Jackets and placed in stock at the fol-_ ____ , lowing discounts
C! hawvillb
OHAVING PARLOR I4 Ladie8’ Cloth Jackets in W
411 kinds of Job Printing neatly and ggesply executed. Orders by mall promptly
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
regular $7.50 now $5.00
2	Ladies’ Cloth Jackets in brown, regular 9.00 now 4.50 j 4 Ladies’Cloth Jackets in bl’k nap, regular 7.50 now 5.00
5	Ladies’ Cloth Jackets in n. blue,	regular	6.00 now	4.00
3	Ladies’ Cloth Jackets in bl’k nap,	regular	6.00 now	4.00
1	Ladies’ Cloth Jacket in bl’k nap,	regular	7.00 now	5.00
3	Ladies’ Cloth Jackets n. b. plain,	regular	5.00 now	2.50
2	Ladies’ Cloth Jackets bl’k plain, regular 5.00 now 2,50
Business Cards.
JOHN SNjlTH, Proprietor
MEDICAL.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B. V.
The spot for
A Fashion a nut Hair Cut,
(tOOl) SllAMI’(H), on
A Clean Shavk.
Cu vnuATK of McGill University
CALL AT
HenUlence of the late Dr. H. H
hours Monday, Wednesday and |	^our Turn next.
Saturday afternoon».
SMILEY’S.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
)
F. T. M. C.
Ondnat» of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of vie tori» University, Toronto. Mlow by imtlon of Trinity Mod. College, Toronto.
J. H AnnsTnoso's House, - . 8IIAWVILLI.
PRACTICAL
WATCUMAAKB
Aid
JEWELLER
2 only Ladies’ Cloth Suits-dark grey Eton Jackets and Skirts—regular $7.00, now $5.00.
1 only Ladies’ Siberian Jacket—a stylish garment —regular price $55.00 ; take it at $39.00.
20 Boys’ Overcoats, well made, well trimmed and of the very best material. Regular price was from $3.00 to $6.50. You can have one at just half price.
•un
Ornes axd R omises : MAIN 8TREET

1901
1901
KKKPS
A SELECT STOCK OS WATCHE8,
CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. SILVERWARE Ac. Ac.
OR
LEGAL.
to
BOORBEAO RAINVILLE, L. L, L,
OREMOST
URNITURE.
wàH
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
SUAWVILLl EVERY MONDAY
A
9



%
m
5 .
WILL VISIT
' RlPAIRISU—
A Sl‘K«'HLITT
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.
WM. GAMBLE,
_JHAWyiLLEJ)
TENDERS WANTED.
barrister, «...
fioow ti, Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Shawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
over O. K. Hodglos’ Store, Main 81.
Sealed Tenders will he received by the
Wednesday
at noon, for
• #
• •
e #
# •
undersigned tin to
_______	teenth day of February,11901.
___________	I the erection of a Knime Cheese Factory
Q FQ	WKiU HTi I fur the Lily Cheese and Butter Company.
^	1 Flans and specifications can he seen at the
ADVOCATE, BARRI8TIR, A.C-,
OK THK PROVINCE OK gt’KUKC,
«We
We must make room for our heavy Spring Stock.
We have also a first-class
rtment of
PERSONAL ATTENTION
TERMS REASONABLE
CHARGES MODERATE. 8ATI8FAC TION 0 V ARA NTEED
¦ —- — -	m m - m mm ¦ —
office of the secretary. The lowest or any tender not necessarily accented.
IRELAND, Secretary.
• e • •
Hy order, W . W Shaw ville, dan. 19, 1901
itn,t	streetf Ottawa.
Phone No. 1173.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac
Districts.
SHAWVILLE.
J. GRAHAM
o
AGENTS WANTED
FOR “THE LIFE AND REIGN OF QUEEN VICTORIA, Including special memorial tribute* from the most eminent British and Canadian statesmen, and “The Life of King Edward VII." Size 10 x7f, ai»out 000 pages, better illustrated than any rival work. Written by Dr. John Coulter, from Ixmdon, England, the celebrated hist rlan and journalist, and John . A. Cooper, editor Canadian Magazine, QUE. Toronto. Price only $1.75—new book from 1 cover to cover. Extra large commission ; credit given; prospectus free to canvas World Publishing Co., Guelph, Ont.
G. F. H O DGI N S, Farmers I
W. W. IRELAND,
We can pay you highest market price (in cash) for your wheat any time you fetch it along.
We can do your gristing and give you best satisfaction in returns, and flour which will enable you to carry off prizes in bread competition at the county fair every time.
We can sell you at lowest prices Flour, Grain,
Meals, Bran, Shorts and Feed.
fd FULL STOCK ALWAYS ON HAND.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Mortgages, etc .executed legally and
factor ily.
SHAWVILLE
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
Deed*,
sails-
Portuguese authorities have decided to remove to Madeira such Boer refugees as decline to surrender to the British.
of nun etui sovereign and representatives of European states on the occasion when ths whole world ia mourning the death of a peace-loving Queen, to secure the cessa ti ju of the44 unhappy war in South Africa.
mgR LEADER TAKEN.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
sers
NOTARY FOR THE
N ) helIanve 1LOAN AND HAVING»
CO., OK ONTARIO.
A RAID ANTICIPATED.
Lorer.z*) Marques, Feb. 4.—In view of the possibility of a Boer raid, all the ammunition surrendered by burghers at Komatipoort has been loaded ou lighters and moved into the bay.
FRENCH ACTIVE.
THE WAR.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS. BRYSON. - - QUE.
Will be in Sluiwville on Tuesday and Sat unlay of every Week.
Johannesburg, Wednesday, January
five hundred Boers
Calcutta, Jan. 30—It is reported that I evaded the British patrols, reached Ben Lord Kitchener wishes to send ten thjus* onia and attempted to destroy the mines.
B“blM£ . ™eE. reV.p® UuUy Buck’S j pïe. toTojtc'them inlhe .tale of Nilglra, I beaten off carrying away mo.t ef their emagemeninforanybuhlneHslnconnectloti ! province of Chitaa,	wounded behind them. Into ISritisn esp
with all Courtstn the Comity, Collections	.	soldifp	lured three priaoherr. One Briton was
nude, ml p'omp tret urn ...eured	I	,	„
The Daily New. ,ay. that Earl Roberta, . Commandant Mara,a waa wounded du-
commander-in chief of Hi, M.je.iy'a t,nR »"#ck and waa sabaeqaently cap
tured.
10,000 IlOER PRISONERS
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
London, Feb. 4
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
Gen. Kitchener, in a despatch from Pretoria, dated Feb. 3
•ays
44 French's column in driving the Boers cast, has captured a 15 pounder and pick-
a	by
our tire.	I The Herald, yesterday, gave a review
44 The commanodes in the colony are of the forthcoming Life and Reign of being hustled. The Midland commando Queen Victoria, to be published by the is being chased by Haig in the direction World Publishing Company, of Guelph, of Steytlerville. Sixlean of them have | It is now learned that the World Publish-recently been killed by our men
The Queen Herself the Author
V
J. J. TURNER,
of any kind taken and disposed of by publia yuulh Africa for the next twelve months,
îleP»al*«* couducted**at **8 hMr vî Me 'o nee* *a and that ,he government recognize, the month, a variety of article* always on necessity for asking the house of commons
hind for aalej office : Sliawvllle.Que. for $70,000,000 during the ensuing financial year in addition to what has already been voted for the war.
a
ANOTHER ENVOY SHOT
Cape Town, January 31.—The commissioner at Kroonstadt reports that An-drres Weasels, one of the peace envoys, waa shot at Klipfontein January 26 by orders of General De Wet.
RUBBERS
ing Company have purchased the Cana-
! SHiriSF I Ipli ÜE
HOTELS.
a

FRENCH IN A BIG FIGHT
St. Lawrence Hall,

London January 31— General Kilch- QOO
dT’Je,'ned»hM?. Prel0rla UDder	ToooPBB mackintosh DBA]). I escaped doers welcomed.	| |m„ioe luch .uthore. namely. Her
•• nLwét’i foiw crofied the Bloem- Ottswe, Jannsry 31.-Sir Alfred Milner	Sebsstapol, Feb. 4.—Deepitchei re Maieety the Queen, Dr. John Coulter,
fnni«in T *dv brand line near I.raele-	h“ cabled to Lord Mioto that Trooper	cetred here say the four Boers who es	snd	John	A.	Cooper,	editor of	the	Cans
i .,,-inB the night of January 30	Mackintosh of Strathcona’s Horse, died in	caped from a Britiah ship at Colombo,	dian	Magazine.	This	will make	the	book
infantry, is sweeping the country east of	bokrs cipturb a position.	London, Feb. 5.- -The Pretoria corres
the Pretoria-Johannesburg Railway be-	London, Feb. 4.—The war office has	pondent of the Times estimates that there
ESTABLISHED 1886.1 tween the Delsgo» Bay end Natal Rail-	received the following despatch from Lord	are 19,000 Boers still on commando, snd
road, as far as Ermelo.	Kitchener, commander-in-chief in Sooth	that more British troops are retie engaged about 2,000 of the enemy Africa:—	1 rlU!red-
Sultana Nickel Mine Sold
1
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.


Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well fumlsbed.
Kirst-clahs Livery Attachf.d.
StaBîH
will outwear two pairs of Ordinary Common Rubbers.
Search the World and you will find nothing better than
Jm/fattd by Every Rubber Manufacturer and Dealer, but imitation has our specially Manufactured Rope Canvas or Duck, the only fabric which can be thoroughly impregnated with the Para Gum.
When worn out have leather sole put on and use for a Plow Boot.
?
17,000 Men are Employed in
in the Woods.

The Shawville

Toronto, Feb. 2-From reports re
crown lands
SASH and DOOR
j
no
—ALL KINDS OF—
Interior & Eiterior
29
There was continuous lighting for Five Boors were buried.
some hours They removed many of their casualties
in carts.
•• Our casualties were ono officer and killed and thirteen wounded.
FINISH FOR
Houses 86 Verandahs
manufactured.
on a rain
both in Canada and the United States is largely the cause of the increased cut.
one man
TheJ. D. KingCo., Limite^ have
two guns.
44 Campbell, south of Middleburg. en gaged five hundred Boers, who were driven back with loss. Our casualties were twenty killed or wounded.
" French is near Bethel, moving east I nickel mine and property comprising 2,040 tnd driving the enemy with alight op-j acres near Sudbury by J. B. Miller and I never sees
position.	I H.W. Evenden, has been completed, the! keeps his eyes and ears open, but he is I
Four of our ambulances, while	seeking	j	price paid being 820,000. The purchasers	j only a human being, neither omniscient	I
wounded, were captured. The	doctors	'	are two Chicago capitaliste, Chai Neu-j nor omnipresent. You often wonder	I
vvore released.	mann and Judge Kraus, who will within	why this thing or that thing was not pub-	L
44 Da Wet's force is reported south of	a year place a 8100, 00O plant on the	| lished, and maybe you say the newspaper	•
tioR is to rescue the Boer. here. The I «cale.	| where the new. ...	|
DE WET IN CAPS COLONY
I>OQRS, 8A81I, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, la Ac,
Kept in stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULARVRICES
the only genuine
StfiBftoof
London, February 1.—41 General Do Wet’s force consults of 1,500 men and two gun» ways the Cipo Town correspondent of the Daily Mail. 44 It is unofficially confirmed that he has entered Cape Cot-hut definite news is impatiently
Rubber.
Don't buy unless the words
arc stamped upon tlw sole of each Rubber ; all others are frauds the Public.
Toronto Ont , Feb. 1.—Globe special from the Soo says that the sale of Sultana
An exchange says A hundred things happen every week that the newspaper
He does the beet he can,


McCREDIE & HODGINS.
ony
Estimate* furnished
awaited
14 It is understood here, " says the Durban correspondent of the Standard,44 that operations in the field will soon be revived on a large scale, and the policy of hunting out and capturing the Boers with mounted troops will be pursued.
The Daily News this morning editorially urges that an endeavor should be m3.le to utilize the presence in England
upon
Cr

Dr. D. P. Lynch, of Hawkesbury, eon f,( the late Mr. P. Lynch, of Chapean, died fast week from pneumonia, at the age 'J 27 years. The remains were taken to Pembroke and interred in the R. C. cemetery.







###PAGE###6###
hug
«


after and the floors of the .tells \ poet 0ard with your name
lightly sprayed with the solution. But *„d address will bring you ordinarily two applications of the mix-	free IS am ole of
turc will suffice when the applicative
Advice for the Sick Room.
T
T
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
Quinine should be taken half an hour before mo*Is; iron, oil* ami Hi lda after eating, til*} they may be digested with the food. Iodide of pot-asaiiwn is always given after meals; K is said them to be leas liable to dis-



ia carefully and thoroughly made.
Those who have live stock should save this p tpjr or cut out and preserve*this the colt, formula unless they have some other therefore he should haac the very best that they consider us good and as tare. If he has been taught to cat cheap, grain and hay before he is weaned he
will take to his winter s feed much RATIONS FOR GROWING PIGS, more kindly. M.iny a colt doe» not „„	.	,	,	, ,	.
tli r ire the first winter lice, in no he baa Th# ^ food lhat can, ,be f,;d t0
been poorly weaned. Separated from *rowinB p,«s 18 p!<'nl> ot *klmm,lk' ,0’	The whole loaf Ü the subject of
hia mother before learning to eat	«*'thor with	11 *rain	n,tiou coml'oaed	Important governmental, snientiflo Ingrain and hay and put on dry innutri- «"«-third	aborts,	ground peas or	vestige tion, which ha, recently been
tiens food, hia coat soon stands on	°"ta ttnd	l,al,,nw	corn meaL (Jiv®	«'"eluded. To teach the poor man
end, he I uses flesh and becomes a moat	ruom 101 Pl>,nty of	exercise and a	how to obtain the boat bread for the
forlorn, dejected looking object.	clo^T p,,Ura to ,ped 3n’ Tbe 8kl™"
Two th nga are to be guarded against “llk *“d cl,>ver ara ni,t alw,v\l° *
In feeding the ooli. tirât, the feed bad' bdt tbere " reaeoD "by the must not bv too bulky, for if it is, t he oolt will not be able to get sufficient Shun&hment out of it and will grow
FEEDING TUB COLT. The first winter makes
Vos «no»! d.
O
résulta wilt surprise you.
order the riigomtiark When a medicine w ordered to be given “three times a day/' the doctor should be aeiked whether iit is to be taken be-
tore or afber mmle. In c.ycM of /	' haboo° at 1 aP'iu« B0“"‘
dud a no* irotn camp.
DANORROU8 DA MOONS.
It Is sometimes easier to step Into «mother man's shoes than it i« to walk in them.
OSTLOM QRI9N TB4,
*	'‘Salads,*1 Toronto.
A hunter, while exploring in 11
I
irneo,
i
NOURISHING BREAD.
So boya no ex pi ooveds to
dangerous iceult of (hr «hot. The ,JZfiuSlXSt
animal fell with a sharp cry, and ini- tuat actenos has been able to cure la all I ta mediately .«other bnboon came In	X Xt KwtoSÊT*
7h;1,0,1 gi,e *	wh.ie .ho	1
Iiunter waa preparing tx> shoot tho treument. Hall e Catarrh Ours le Uk n mtsr-
newcomer, a .null army of b. bonne	".PU^thtrX
appealed, and the hunter realised that trortng the foundation of tie <li*«a e. and, ho was in danger of being torn
"T 0o"( „ f:"-*rOT'“ bab"«» "
easily tt mutch for a man, and a hun- tired Mlare for any os»» that It fall# to our#, dred .re to be dreaded more than ns »“d 'or ill «'^ "iÎKNKYftCO.. TWed. O.
»M2a?te .x. -
after him.
1
severe illness this direction means once in eight hours, for day and night are alike than bo nurse and patient. Au opiate should never be given without the doctor's order. It is impossible for an unprofessional person to least money; to teach the dyspeptic tell when it may do harm. When a the relative digestibility of the vari- sedative of tuny kind is given the oua staffs of hfe; to teach the bouse- room must be darkened and kept
quiet. The sufferer should lia on the right side and try lo sleep. The nurse must take ceire that the feet are warm and the bed coverings comfortably arranged.
When there are noises in the street or in the house, that cannot be controlled, a piece of cotton, wool or waste pressed into each ear will obviate the difficulty, as far as the Invalid is concerned, and insure the necessary stillness. A graduated as pos- glass to measure fluids should alma n waa always be used, ns exactness is of
. great importance. The size uf spoons The evening before each expert- differs so greatly it is not safe to trust ment began the subject was given a to suoh varying quantity in mea.suresupper of milk only. During the
box	two following days the food was lini-
"hard keeper.” Liberal feeding must be run through a medium sieve. They it«l ehieily to the bread to be investi-lx* counterbalanced by abunduut out- #r« good for u disinfectant on drop- , ,
pi 11 g hoi rds. Wood ashes should never *	'
ixi used in a p ultry house.	ant* coffee with sugar.
$100 Reward, $100.
r
an
I
l
ran
i
t
r

i
t
corn ration cannot be supplemented wjye with some one of the three grama bread mentioned. No one can afford to raise
t
valuable points in scientific
making; to teach the general
.	v	,nL Ptàüo how to detect the evils of the
hog. if ht. confines Ih.rn lo a p.-n. fhe b.kwh,-thw. are the prime pur-corn-fed hog is not so vigorous as the
e fed on a variety of feeds and is
more liable to disease.
t
)
«
op with a “weedy" look. A "big belly" on a colt is not objectionable, provided it is within bounds. Many ¦lockmen foolishly look for the trim, tidy form of the mature animal in the young colt. The digestive tract needs
t
poeea of this work.
The stomachs of people selected from different walks of life have been fed various qualities of bread and subjected to serotinous study. These Burmg	m chop, .subjects were required to eat in s
by distention with coarse feed so as P’’1* *r#d peppers to the vegetable food, dining-room so arranged that their
Baets are good for fowls during the meals should be partaken of under winter. Split the larger roots and let conditions os nearly normal
The food of each
uns
l
HI
m
oiunrnitwi ..Hied out from U,o .amp. an I with a general vclley oomp lied | the pursuer# to retreat.
n
f
POULTRY.
t
to !*• developed to a moderate extent

to serve its foil purpose when the ani-
c
A woman's beauty la never consider* v ed n good recommendation by another woman.
mil is grown. Withholding coarse
feed to keep down the size of the belly ^îv bens clem them out. Cook the ( aihle. and feeding concentrated grain La the smaller ones, second thing to Lx t voided in feeding
dolts. If too much rich food is given young fowls that have not wholly
feathered before winter. Bought by the barrel it is not expensive.
f
SUR SHOULD.
Da you know, Mr. Tenspot, said Miss Kittish, I lost iny trunk on the railroad, and it had all my good clothes in
it. Can t I make the railroad pay for
itf
Y°u «urely *re entitled to re dress, declared the young mao.
i-Ttompamuil
What’s the matter with yoair hair! asked Oawker of hia wife, when she appeared at the breakfast table. What seems to be the matter?
It has an unshoveled appearance.
I
kept separate.
Oil ru 'ill is an excellent food for
f
êWÂ
r
th ' digestion is apt to be imp lired, with lh • result t h it the animal becomes a
mean. When the medal ne is given in drops a dripper is usoful to secure uniformity in the doses. It is sometimes difficult to get the drops to fall regularly over the edge of the bottle, too much of the con units cornea out at <toC4\ and is wasted if it is

r
This algnstore la on every bo* of th# tenais*
Laxative Bromo-Quinine t»i.ih.
odo day
d
1
and, generally, milk, butter
Each man
d
door exercise, close confinement ruins many a colt, a* well as underfeeding.
Liberal feeding and

was grven as much of this limited diet as he wanted.
™ W d
"Miny n man who suddenly rose to Ï
eminence neglected to take a para chuto with him.
Whenever a new
RENEWED VIGOR.
d
i
0.its lead as the boat grain for feeding colts, us they possess a liberal am >unt of bone and muscle forming constituents. I3u* mixtures of shorts
loaf of broad was needed At weighed and quartered, uue quarter being analyzed by a chemist. fac<, nil food furnished was weighed and analyzed.
Afterward all not eaten was similarly tested, as was that eaten but not retained by the digestive tern.
This con
being dropped into water, be avoided by moistening the edge first, or holding the cork so the drops will fall from it. When a person id
was
I
In
t
MONTREAL HOIlA. DIRECTORY.
BROUGHT ABOUT THROUGH THE USE OF DR WILLIAM’S PINK
PILLS.
1
The “ Balmoral,'* Free Bue JVaSJ AVENUE HOUSE-{fiX|
iwr dsy.
anù lu an. with barley, peas and corn
very ill the oovered spoons «old (or r.uiining-Yee, I've been away for a the purpose are conreoient (or giv- week. Been ahootUig, you ittg medicine; it can be pu* in the	a|h)rt; bagged a down duck, i
eya- mouth without raking the head from storer—I'te all right, I suppose By simply subtracting the the pillow. A little ammonia, or al-weights and ingredients of food ouhoi, will cleanse furnished,
t
can be fed successfully and especially bo when these products, are cheap and the oats dear.

know ;
r

The daily allowance of oats for a colt is as follows
if you The min who Inmate of wantlng'hut
th<* amount actually di-» has contained oil. The utensils used *he market aa you want them. street car. gested waa determined. White, graham and entire wheat bread were in this way compared.
White bread yielded the highest percentage of digestible nutrition.
Entire wheat bread, made from flour ' n°t containing the three outer lay-i era of bran, ranked next, bread, from the whole wheat grain, | gave the lowest percentage of di-| gestiblo nutrition.
i
Mr#. Prier Reamer Tell» ll*w These Pills R.«le #'<l Her Kreni l>*r» »f Weerilglae Pille» Ifler Marier»anU Other lledlrlurw Had Failed.
Up to one year of age, from 2 to 3 lbs.
From one to two years of age, 4 to 6 lbs.

t
in giving medicine should be carefully washed and dried after eaoh dose.
Among the best known and most ^ respected residents of the township of Gains boro, Lincoln county, Ont., are Mr. and Mrs. Veter Beamor. For a long time Mrs. Beamor was the victim of a complication of diseases, which m ule her life one of almost constant misery, and from which she nearly dis paired of obtaining relief. To a reporter who recently interviewed her, Mrs. Boa me r gave the following particulars of her illness, and ul-
fc
CEYLON and INDIA TEA
GREEN OR BLACK.
0
From two to three years of age, to 8 ll>s.
This gives an idea how much to feed, and with it there should be ample roughage, as hay or straw but roughage should always be fed in just a lit-tlt) less quantities than the colts would cat had they free access to it. Steamed crushed oats and barley or bran make good variants occasionally. So . also do roots, cooked and crushed grain, or bran, stirred in. A small quantity of this kind of feed given daily preferably at night, or even two or three limes a wees, will have its effect in producing a better colt with a more thrifty general appearance.
i
TIIE ANCESTRAL RELIC CHASE. ;
Haven't you any of your grandmother's old things, Mrs. New dash?
No; but I've got a lot of candle- : sticks, old tables and chairs that be- 1
longed to a woman who lived next door.”
<
Graham
There is nothing artificial about these teas. The | purity is unquestioned, the f avor is delicious, the I
a tra« aotor never overacts hi* part, bout]u<it is a relation. If you have never tasted
Time is a file that wears but makes lirlti -h gTOWIl tCRS cl tTCclt ZlWflitS yOU.
no D0i8e'	drinkers try Ceylon Green.
b

This result will a great surprise to dyspeptics, among whom the eating of “whole wheat" or “entire wheat" breads _ has become a fad. Wheat flours con-
Xhe pain in 1-1 M1,1K |Mrt ot wheat bran ¦¦¦¦ discovered to furnish the body
mineral • matter than fine white flour.
a
v
t
Japan tea
timate cure .—“For some I /was troubled with
nine years a pain in the
hick, and neuralgia, which caused unspeakable
my back was so bad that whether
r
r
me
i
were
IN THE HANDS
OF THE POLICE
misery.
VON WALDERSEE'S WIFE
I
more
A REGULAR THING.	j
Daughter, said Mr. Giddlngi, is that
young Mr. Dinsiuore a man of regu- i lar habitat
O, yes, pupa, replied Miss Bidding*. He proposes regularly every Thursday night.
t
sitting or lying down, I suffered more or less torture.
Field Marshal Count von Waldersee undoubtedly owes his selection to the leadership of the international forces in China to the friendship of the Ger-
Smith's Falls Chief Constable “,n Kmperor’	*5 haa enMed
for many years, and to the influence of his wife, who has been popu-
d
My appetite left me, and I suffered from headachesHHHl
Whole wheat bread is less diges-
h
accompanied by attacks of dizziness that	l^an that mado of the white of
the grain alone, most probably because the bran is filled with sharp, rough part ici as, which irritate the
FATTENING FOOD FOR SHEEP.
d
This term fattening should be drop- left me at times too weak pod. We don’t fatten now, we feed My nervous system was the sheep for market. And in good cored, so that the slightest feeding the sheep will take on
r
to walk.
«
badly shat-

Arrests an Enemy.
t.
W. P C. 101.1,
noise
as would startle me, and rnj p at much at as may be needed to make the night was broken by sheer exhaus- *kua	food through the>m.
flesh succulent.
b
membranes of the intestines, and
The
r,„. A nr, n II ml mu-MM J. Iar ** th<\royal household of Ger-Mrtiowee <npinre» neii Forever F.mu rn inv since the present Em oaror as-ihe tuner of ihr Only Foe lie Ever ceoded the throne. She is the daughter of a New York grocer who came Smith's Falls, Ont., Jan. 28th, to the metropolis from Connecticut. (Special.)—Robert J. McGowan, the When he died, his widow and his popular chief of police, has been fora daughter, Mary Esther Lee, went to long time annoyed and seriously live in Stuttgart. The daughter was handicapped in the performance of an attractive young woman and his duties by rheumatism and gout. A gained access to the best society there, friend suggested Dodd's Kidney Pills In Stuttgart she met Prince Freder-as a remedy. He tried them, and was ick of Schleswig-Holstein, who recured. Today he is well as ever. He nounced his title to marry her. This has given the following for publics- was in 1864. The prince was over
seventy years old, and hia bride was Smith's Falls, Ont. twenty-six. They made a trip to Dodds Medicine Co., Limited, Toronto, the Holy Land, and there, six months
after the marriage, the prince died, leaving a fortune to the young widow of about 14,000.000. Soon after the death of Prince Frederick, the Emperor of Austria made his widow a
n
v —
Even now mutton Mon. I was under the care of three ,Mrt 1,1 *** bottom bran layer which
contains its nitrogen does not seem
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
*
li
eaters complain of the excess of fat, different doctors which la a waste of good food, and no but did not succeed in getting mere to l** thoroughly digested. The fat bne wants it. Feeding on the ordin- than the merest temporary relief. I I in <h<t g^rmof the grain when ground ary rations of alfalfa or clover hay, also used several advertised inedi- 1 loto whole wheat flour is apt to with a pint of corn a day, is suffi- cin-es, bu,t with no better results. I ! 8Tow rancid, cient for a lamb; for a two year-old was finally urged to try Dr. Williams'
or older sheep this ration may be in- Pink Pills, and got half a dozen box- | whvAt Hours it is discovered that creased to twice the allowance of es. In the course of a few weeks I 01,17 fhe former contains the whole corn, with as much alfalfa or clover j noted considerable improvement and "b,'at «n>und This, invented by hay u will be eaten without waste. I aa „ consequence. I gladly continued Dr 8ilw‘ter Graham, an American
use of the pills for several ph,1,ioian' is made b* simP'7 ^ash-
months, with the result that every ; mg and	the »raLn aml then
symptom of the malady left me, and gnn',ing il al1 between two stones.
I was able to do my housework I "Entlro whpat" flour * f(,lmd to ** without the least trouble. As several mflde by runn“» «rain through a years have passed since I have used marb;ne whicb removes the three
the pills, I feel safe in saying that ^ lay‘‘r8 ot bran- ln this way the cure is permanent, and the result 'bp ""PPModjy useful under layer is
also verifies the claim that Ur. Pe*aime<L Tbe Wt white flour h Williams' Pink Pills cure when other DOW Ju;‘,le ^ removing the bran from
medicine fails.” The reporter can T * “n<l th,in running * tbruUgh only add that Mrs. Beamer’s present *"• °r l”irs ot rolIers’ •* nearcondition indicates a state of perfect* 'r "U‘ * nearer together.
health, and speaks louder than mere 1 Valuable rujes by which the house-
words can do, the benefit these pills k<1,‘P'*r 0,0 j“dK°	bread flour
have been to her.	offhand are given on the basis of
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have re- lb,'ai' mrestigations, stored more weak and ailing women *biuld be white, with a faint yel-and girls to robust health than any lowie,h tinge- After beta* pressed in other medicine ever discovered, which *b<	N shauild fall loosely apart.
in part accounts for their popularity If ** titaya in l,lmps lt has to° much throughout the world. These pills	in it. When rubbed be-
are sold by all dealers or may be had
by mail at 50 cents a box, or six
boxes for $2.50, by addressing the .
Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Hrockville,
Ont.
at various times
Feered.
? i
<V
h
I
41
For all skin ail,nonts.
J. 0. Calvert â Co., Manoheeter, England ?
. fa
•1
Of the graham and so-called entire

To sene ror our Complete Catalogue of Sheet F Milo and Cooke with Spoolai rate* of discount.	ÿ
WHALEY, S R3YCE 4 Co. E
15C Y on he St * Toronto, Ont, §¦
Sausage Casings New Imporuaiene finest English 1
8he#*p sod Ainerioen Hog Casings- relishls goods s| right prices. PARK. BLACK WELL à VO . Toroulo,
Music
Teachers
Wanted
A
ai
U
Over feeding to fatten an animal will put in the fat on the intestines or about the kidneys, where it is a waste. The tat should he intimately mixed with the lean meat, and to do this fattening must be a part of the growth. This, necessarily, cannot made in a few days, and thus the practice of feeding lambs all through the winter, slowly gaming good flesh, will be more judicious and effective than to feed highly for a few days or weeks with grain food. All the successful experimental feeding tests have been made during some months, nme or twelve in the most successful
tt
tk>n;
r
Ont.
w
Gentlemen, I was recommended to take Dodd's Kidney Pills for rheumatism and gout, from which I was a great sufferer. The pills seemed just to fit my case.
I had been under the care of two title of Princess von Noer. eminent and skilled medical practi- that time she became a conspicuous 1 tloners, and I have tried no end of figure in Europe, but in political râpaient medicine*, but the first relief ther than social circles. She is cred-
caroe with the first box of Dodd's Kid- j it*d with having brought about the 111 DI ! f.TT EL" ^ i,uPnIsr Ms,"h‘l fl>i I ne y Pills	marriage between the German Em- V V O ¦ HL CL lflui, rî?iuin!n*'0u La
I eertainlv recommend them to all pcror, who was then Prince William of	gOninttheoflhe jî.'lüirr"
' lOoeach, S7.5# per hur.<l rr 4
L,
be
U
metallic Ceilings E'E
h.
princess in her own right under the
From
&!
•t
TORONTO CUTTING SCHOOL '»*
01
âr

hi
in
and standard trials, and we cannot expect to gain similar proportionate results with a few weeks excessive feeding, the results of which may be to mike lat where it is not wanted, and so throw awav the money spent.
K!
Its color
tii
who suffer as 1 used to from rb/uma- Prussia, with the Princess Augusta lism o: gout. I cm now perfectly Victoria, her grand-niece by her first wrell.	•	, marriage, in the face of the protesta-
jr cu, tions of the young prince's mother, boj Eddrewon reoeipi oftwooent *Ump. No knife, M
fi?Ujr stive. Address, THE HUTCHING MKDICINK OO* Toronto, Oot
o. A J. Still er A OoMontreal.	hl

FILE CURE A trial of Ooi'a PoeiUr
—	- -	Cure for Piles will be sent free is
hr
If it will be of any service to
you are at liberty, to use my name The Princess von Noer became the twePn I be fingers It should not (eel aml tegtlnlouia|.	Countess von Waldcrsee two year.
‘°° «mooth and powdery, but its .n-	HOBKRT J. MctiOWAN. «(1er the. death of her first husband,
dividual particles should ha vaguely
distinguishable. Whn put between
the teeth it should crunch a little.

àt
FREE, E
fii
KILLING LICE ON CATTLE.
tu
Avood i Photo Engraving ;
^ J IJONES fNGX° aj
t. ^ m ADELAIDE Torowti
•tl
The following formula answers well
Chief of Police.
Mr. McGowan's popularity will make field-marshal, and despite her snowy
the above study one of interest to bair *be is still considered a beautiful woman.
She
k six years younger than the
tii
for the purpose, and it is not costly Tike one half pound of soft soap or ordinary soap, in case soft soap can-be obtained.
th
lb
1 »
Its taste should hi sweet and nutty, without u suspicion of sourness.
Wheat is the best breadmaker of all grains. This conclusion is arrived at after experimenting with all of the cereals out of which the world's daily bread is made. Rye gives a less elastic and clinging loaf, heavier and not so well raised. Rye bread is found to be second in importance to wheat bread, but less digestible.
many people in his neighbourhood, and
the province generally. What he has
done anyone may do with the same
means—Dodd's Kidney Pills. They never fail.
Put this m one
YOUR OVERCOATS
m
n.->t
NOT VERY GUILTY.
gill >n of water and boil it gently un-
In 1838, the first year of the Queen's
riign the Army and Navy together <uid fs«!* d Butts would look better dyed. I(n>ogent coat £12,6(10,000; in 1898, £40,000,- of ours in your towo, write direct Montreal, Lot 13d.
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO.
MON1 UAL
Somewhat suggestive of the Scotch
lie soap is dissolved. Remove from	WM	¦¦ I
^BBind add two gallons of coal verdict, Nbt proven, is the judgment rendered in a Western town,
t
yo
tilt- stove
000.
oil. Then heat until the soap water
and oil are thoroughly diffused, stir- IBB ring 'h" m xtu ntly in the mean- soundly whipped a tough chancier.
Tv vindicate the majesty of the law, the offender was brought up for trial.
Nc
«•
when the moet popular citigen had
hi,
Ap	~fd£u£/
liM-t/'rn/,(vf/i/Mris uest/ Aut/ loAt* Jk 414	-Ao	l/:
(Ç'^vcb .'njxL,	kAaJ/.
It Will Pay You g
t m while it is heating. Next dilute s ime by adding to it eight or ten tirn-'s its bulk of water.
ed

t
to consign nil your Produce to the
Dawson Commission Oo Limited ¦
Oar. Oelberne nod West Merket SI., Toronto. They B
ro

Apply the The jury were out about two rnin-

be
m xture with a cloth or brush. If ap- utes.
Barley and oats produce less gluten
^¦^with A cloth tin hair should be Well, said the judge in a familiar, gt;u and contain more indigestible brushed at once thereafter to distri- offhand way, what have the jury to
tu

I
tk
I
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
Corn contains more fat, but
building materials then
Its flour contains no gluten,
and this is why the housewife cannot
use it alone in miking a goo 1 loaf, raised with yeast.
mutter, less tissue wheat.

Pl<
bute the application all through the say Î
In ab ui n - s nuke a second
application, as then the nits will be the foreman, we, the jury, find that ¦ ¦	¦ g| |	g the prisoner m not guilty of hittin*
with intent to kill, but simply to paralyse ; and he done it.
The verdict was received with ap-before miking plause, and the prisoner received an
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL OOMFORTINQ.
COCOA
oo
May It please the court, responded
is
Stray lice may also have
hatched.
tr

The work
o me from the bedding, will be more thorough if the bedding
Is
Jf
ry
The world is n prison from which no m n need hope to escape alive.

is
eli cleaned away
application or immediately there- ov#iu>n.
y
;
Vi
th
BREAK FAST-SUFFER.
/

	

###PAGE###7###





little borne terribly ; and true to his reputation Little billy certainly was game till he died, lie kept hit lead on the mare and even increased it by a few feet as the hundred yards were almost covered. Reaching the pond Frank forced his little horse to plunge into it. and lighting with his forefeet in the centre of the puddle a himuII cloud of muddy water filled the air behind him and caught Caleb's home full in the face. The water and dirt filled her eyes a ml completely look all the heart out of her for a moment. She half-stopped lashings in a second or two she dashed ahead again and had soon begun to overcome Little Billy's lead. But it was too late, for the latter dashed past the winnmg-pwt, about four yards ahead of the famous Maud S. II. The crowd went simply wild with excitement and soon Frank was surrounded by several hundred people, lie was now the centre of as much admiration an a few minutes ago he had been of uncomplimentary mirth. To his father, old Squire Tuckey, who was one of the first to grasp his hand and pat him on the back, he said "Little Billy was almost done, I think, but je*t as Ab. said he was game till he died,—and he didn’t quite die.”
" Never mind about Little Billy, Frank, you give him to Charlie Lind-1 here’s someone waiting outside the crowd who wants to see you.” And when he had forced his way past the many handshakes to the edge of the crowd, Neil was waiting there to congratulate him on doing so well.
" And it was mean of Caleb to do what he did," she said.
" Don’t say anything alwut that Nell. I don't think many of the people noticed it; and we'U jest keep it quiet.”
*' Yes, perhaps it would be better, for you won, Frank, and deserved to, and I'm glad for one.”
Chatting thus they walked back to the fair grounds and pleasantly spent some twenty minutes together. During this time Frank's hopes rose greatly, as he found out how pleased Nell was that he had won and how angry she was at Caleb’s mean trick. In a short time Frank’s father edged his way through the crowd that had gathered around, and led the way out. What was their delight to find Little Billy standing there well-groomed, and gaily dec ked with vari-colored ribbons, to that he appeared to better advantage than he had ewr done in his life before. Moreover he was hitched to a splendid new top-buggy with the new harness the Squire had won
official In charge of the phw wh<-re the crime occurs “loses face/ the punishment fall upon the guilty Is of course desirable, other things being equal; but an innocent viotiin, if the slightest suspicion can be Attached to him, will satisfy the demands of justice almost as well. After the attempt at robbery related above, it pleased the ruling official to arrest and bring to torture a man who had been for some time in our own employ as gardfiner and house-boy—a man ut whose innocence we felt absolutely sure. To this man we had paid the liberal sum of $3 50, Mexican, a do nth uuxl this affluence made him
FIT GAME FOR PLUCKING.
Resides, it was reckoned as likely that the foreign misses would themselves give money to secure his release; and failing that, they would at least be hurt and annoyed to know that S faithful servant was being tortured, osituralbiy for a crime against which the law was rigorous, but really for a crime which came not under the law—the crime of working for fureir And then, the Double and
A HERO OF THE ORIENT
that Frank continued. "Now, Noll, I
can fix you a nice house and with tlic farm and my interests in the ioneg 1 tliink you and me could be pretty comfortable. Hut it’s jest this way, if there's sorueoine else you like bettor than me I hope you'll lot know.**
' I dont know which of you I like best," Nell said simply, her eyes bent Intently rm the ground.
" Me or Caleb V
" 1 didn't say Caleb/'
" Hut didn't you think it V9 Well, if you muet know then I'll tell you. Caleb asked me to—well, to do the same as you want, but I didn’t say l would.”
“Then you'll give me a chance,Nell dear, ’ he said, putting his arm around
when the fZth of September arrived the little fellow was in excellent fettle, full of life, ami as wiry an he had ever been.
n
YUfD
That
i
ini
A CHINESE SERVANT RISKED HIS LIFE FOR OTHERS.
The race had been the talk of the township for two weeks previous ami although hardly any one had found out what horse Frank was to ride,
All felt that
MM P» Ilk8 » tPK><1 man'
^	14M,pif love R winner ;
nut there’s «ne thing mire, cLn the Pole to Tanjur,
^ wi,ole world lorei a winner
i
tiallenlly Defended Ibr M#me ef Ihr tllneloiiiirle» i|il>d KeUber*-The Trf ftunel tixprrlenee »f * T»rn»er Ml»'l«n-
wry.
me
pome
they didn't much care Caleb's half-trotter and half-runner could beat anything in the County easily. But their curiosity had been -whetted, and so it was not at all surprising that some five hundred people were present for the race. 1 hey lined the road for a couple of hundred yards from the starting point or climb**! on the back of the snake that wound their tortuous
Dr. Delia B. Howe, formerly a mis-1 teacher in China, tells the
Jenkins' general store at Coe
to
Srsm
mil In H*stl»S» oounty, wua a favor-it# r,ating-plaoe far all the men, and old, of the village and Ljfltryaule. For. apart from the j^tbat the Post Office was included
b flirani's great one-roomed depart-^tal store, one could buy thereany-
thing from a hair pin to a bay-fork, plug of tobacco to a loaf of .Strange to way, on this par-evening, early in Septemtwr,
, but one "vlal-
sionary a
following int e resting story, illustrât-in g the native bravery and Loyalty of
• i*
lk
the Chinese;
There was a drizzling rain night in China, arid the cloud* enfolded Kew^Kiti/ng so closely that they shut out the ltt*t ray of light waa growing on the unused (leaks in the school house, and we had spent
we could snatch
but under Caleb’s
that
te
•a
it*
rk
Mold
to
IV
fonces
al
paths along the road.
When Frank cantered up on Little Billy Which all knew a* Ab. Edward's good little horse, muttered exclamations of astonishment rose from tin crowd. All were surprised and the
l*eopie laughed at the ides
ar â
ir
id
her
br«»d
every mommit that from the busy day Lu wiping the mold
id.
' ” Yea
nothing to me until the middle of October at least—Caleb’s promised he won't.**
He promised, and with a halfhalf-stolen kiss, «lipped away bom* feeling somewhat relieved, but with an unpleasant doubt, weighing down Lie usually buoyant spirit. So much so that when he met Nell's father on his way home and he had stopped to chat a little, Ah. noticed it.
' What's the matter Frank, my boy, kinder quiet to-night Î”
" Well, truth m Ab.” Frank said sadly, “I’m in love with Nell, and she don't known which she likes best, me or Caleb. That's pretty near *uuf the matter, ain't it V'
" So it’s either you or Caleb what’s goin’ to steal my Nell Î Well, I suppose every goose mu.st get its gander. But look here, if it’s ’tween you and Calebs I’ll do my lw*t for you, Frank, my hoy.”
" Thanks Ah. and 1 guess I’d better wait till to-morrow when I’m feel-in’ brighter, a ml when you’ll know more about the way things stand.”
And then they said good-night.
Ab. had always liked Frank, both as a toy and as a young man, but as ifl the habit with must old people, could not get it into his head that buys grow up. However, he had taken a fancy to Frank and that was the chief consideration just now.
A clear, cold September day with its bright sun and exhilarating air followed and gave a more hopeful tone to life. So it wils with a lighter heart that Frank called on Ab. early in the morning. The latter welcomed him cheerily and with little delay proceeded to unfold Nell’s ideas and his own plans.
•* You see, Frank, my boy, Nell’s mighty taken with Caleb or rather his prospects, and 1 guess she can’t help thinkiu' how great it would be to sail around in his new outfit, with the finest horse and rig in the country, for it’s just thus way—these young women like what they see and what they know they’re goin’ to get right away quick. They're not hankerin' after waitin’ too long either.”
Frank, but you must say
ticolar
sbout eleven yearn ago W|" „,.t to say. " purchaser," had as
^t'dropt in at Hiram's store. He was
Frank Turkey by name,
tie
fostering dampm*eë from our books, our boots and our gloves.
All day pitiful crowds of people had txm coming and going, seeking our h*dp, and touching our hearts until tb<-y were more from sympathy had been in China less than three months, but had seen more of human wretchedness in that time than we had seen in ail our lives before.
Somewhere im the house our Chin-helper was asleep. We wondered If she was comfortable, and them drowsiness came to us, and we were just welcoming in our dreams all the helpless, suffering people whom had seen that day into one of our own hospitals, when suddenly through the stillness burst with awful force, agonized, imploring shrieks. I tried to reach the window, but lost my way in the great, dark room. I knew little of the Chinese language; but had learned a few days before the word for ’ robber,” and so the feared “ebang-doo" that still
is
ta
a-

of a prosperous old settler
younger
of a sensible man like Frank Tuckey hoping to win from Caleb on such a horse. Even the old settlers who better remembered Little Billy’s prime shook their heads, with perhaps but notable exception—Squire Turkey Frank's father. The latter in about ten seconds almost came to blows over Frank’s horse, with Arthur Couch, tht settler, who had originally owned the
0.
1 âjfWW I the M>n
$ to that country, old Squire Tuckry ; i i»d if one could believe the common ( ^atter and old "Ab.” Edwards. 1 "Frank my buy, will be well fixed
1 *beo bis Guvner off '
|	*• pgll Fair's a bit late this year,”
! said Frank, looking at the gaily colored paster pinned to a pair of overalls
banging on the wall. n yea, but fun like game don't hurt
fbr beepin'," said the philosopher Hi-
We
glK'Th
exp#uisa of finding the real crmwua 1# could ao easily be avoided by puruab-
iM
ji-g Ihe innocent.
The arrested man had never muds a profession of Christianity, but wt, believed him to be an honest man; and that he should suffer through his relatione with us was painful to us, as the officials meant it should be. B-sidfs, tlie desperate and dan-robbers were still at large
fS
one
el
esc
r-
say
$r

Coe Hill Iron Mines.
" Well,” said the Squire hotly, " I don't know more than I should about Caleb's mare, but l always backed Little Hilly and I’m going to time.”
» Better put up or better shut up,” a younger member of the crowd interpolated.
"So I will and I’ll bet you. Couch, my new top-buggy to your new har-that Little Billy wins.”

we

ram
gerous to repeat their Crimea.
In. our despair we laid the matter lx fore the British consul, and he

•' Fellows kinder Blow 'bout cornin’ round to-ni«ht. ’ What’s that cornin’ * I	the road f” and Frank climbed
^ down from hi» throne on the top of a gilt barrel and wandered to the door. "Sounds mighty like Caleb Saunders' new mare Maud S. 1L, humn. in' along like lickety split.”
M She's a fast 'urn and can beat anything," but here Hiram’s voice was lout in the tumult of sounds that broke the evening quiet as Caleb's osw mare pounded up to the tie-post. **Good-night, Caleb, she’s workio’
well, 1 see.”
" Nothin' better In these parts 1 guess, ' said Caleb proudly—“at least the mare's plenty good nuf for Caleb Saunders. Drove down from my place on Loon Lake, good 'leven mile in fifty-three minute*”
"Byjinks but she can hump it up, 'end she’s not much wet, either.”
the two were quickly absorbed in talking horye, and might have been doing so yet had not a better subject distracted them after a few minute*. Nellie Edwards, who had won the beauty prime at the Fall Fair the year previous, and was the allround belle of the Township, had arrived to get her mail and a few odds and ends. Both Frank and Caleb dropped horse talk as If they had never heard of tiuch an animal, and each devoted himself wholly to making hlnwelf agreeable to Nell. Caleb undoubtedly had the best of the confer as tion, because Nell in common
with the whole community was intensely interested in his new mare ;
how many hands high she stood ; what record she had for a mile ; how he liked hie new top buggy and tierinan-illver tipped harness. Frank soon became tired of thie, and shrewdly, as he thought, decided to wander outbids, wait till Nell came and see her home. Just et* he had anticipated,out she came in a few minutes and Frank promptly took charge of her parcels. Almost immediately Caleb followed and before Frank could say a word, the former had said pleasantly.
" Better let me drive you home, Nell, then you'll see just how Maud S. the younger can kick up the dust.”
" Thank*, Caleb I I'd love to, if it *on t take you out of your road home/'
And so Frank had the pleasure of helping Nell into Caleb's rig, and handing her parcels to her. Then, not Allegef her pleased with the world, he •Lifted for home ; but Nell only lived on the next ouuceseion above him, end strange to say, he strayed from his shortest road to bis own farm, and In half an hour, found himself n •tone’s throw from Nell’s home. His ftrst impulse was to go in at once, hat finally his discretion told him to 8° home, put on his “blacks,” and brush himself up a little. This he did tod was soon back at Neil's with the firm determination that he would 1 out exactly how he and Caleb •food with her. He realised that the time was not the most propitious, but the young settler’s heart thumped out its commands— commands that ht* must obey.
“ Good-night, Nell,” he said, ” so I*uTe back from your drive f”
" Yes, Frank. It was simply lovely. Now wasn’t Caleb good to take me in his new outfit f”
" That's so, but Nell," Frank blurt* out, " I came to say somethin to and the sooner I get it over the btter I'll feel," and while he was talking he half led her over to a rustic bench under a beautiful hard ma-Pk. through which •ould hardly force its light.
There was silence tor a minute or two, then Frank limped eut, truth about the w$hole business is I you Nadi, and want you to marry me.”
« She started but mid nothing, **
this
quickly secured the man'» release— whether through bribery or threats
It then bee*mo for the real offenders to bo
r
we never knew
o
necessary
found, since someone must be punished, and there were no other insocent victims available, and so the three rotin who had attacked the gatemao
L-
ful cries
k* pt ringing up to us from below were full of terrible meaning to me
news
" fm agree»hie," said Couch.
•• Aim! what's more," said the Squire, "Frank gets the whole business if he wins.” Then he went to tell his bod
I
dropped upon rny hands and knees and groped in tbo darkness for the stair-Our Chinese helper had come
were quickly found and identified. They were known as professional rot» bers of the most desperate character, but our hearts ached for them as wo saw them led away to a dreadful doom.
It is, probably, such cases as the above that have furnished a basis for much of the endless talk about the meddling of the missionaries with the Chinese judiciary.
9
:
of the bet.
Caleb was a little late so Frank had a chance to pick Nell out from the crowd, and slipover to speak to her. She gave him as much encouragement asr she could under the circumstances, and agreed to try the new buggy with Frank if he succeeded in winning the
way
to us, and was shouting unintelligible words from the window.
There staggered past us and fell the floor, as we finally groped way down the stairway and opened the door,
il
i
upon
our
OUR POOR OLD GATEMAN,
brutally cut anti mangled by rob-bors, three of whom we .saw fleeing down the path and climbing over the walls.
laid the limp form in a clean bed think wo could not have worked more tenderly; yet, had we known what a
from Couch.	*ero *** ***** v ,
There, my children," the old mu might have made our bands unsteady said, "jump in and see how you like with excessive solicitude. It was long
this outfit."	b»fore he was abLe
"So in they got and were about to thrilling tale, and then he told it so
drive away when Ab. Edwards rush- simply, without thought of his own
e*i up and grabbed Little Billy’s bri- merit, that our hearts burned within
us as
race
1
Presently Caleb rode proudly up his splendid mare and a hum of approval came from the crowd
undoubtedly the favorite. But had
on
STAGE GLIMTS.
Ca le b
% VJ#
We dressed the wounds and
Alberta Gallatin going to •anfott » Nell Gwynn play.
James O’Neill has played “Mottte-Cbrlste” about 0.000 tiroes.
Plays by Mark Twain and William Dean Howells are In the hands of managers for examination.
Sol Smith Russell will net ant untl next season, when he will produce * play by Martha Morton.
Bronson Howard bas rewritten hie bespoke. This is what he told; ..gbenandoab” Into an African war
when I heard a piay called "Ladysmith.”
The buzzsaw was real Ln a nlay at
I
was
one noticed closely one could have seen that they were not so unevenly matched as a casual observer would think. Little Billy aitpeared a great deal the friskier of the two, and Frank at least twenty pounds lighter
our reverence


to relate his
wiais
than his rival. Moreover Frank had much more to urge him on. He knew, only too well, what were included in
" The Coe Hill Sweepstakes,” as the
If he won he

die
race had been called, would get five dollars from the Fair Board, ten dollars from Caleb, a new buggy and set of harness—and, possibly, Nell. Do you wonder that the young fellow gripped his saddle tighter, and set his,teeth more firmly when victory meant eo much to him ?
The two men soon agreed which side of the rgad they would take, and about the only condition of the race that each should hold his course. Soon, however, all was ready, the signal for the start was given, and away the two riders dashed down the muddy road, for it had rained heavily all
Caleb by a good piece of
"Can’t run away like that Frank, my buy. Fair Board want» to give you your prize.”
1 was asleep
loud knocking at the gate, and called out, 'Who's there#’ Someone said, Jacksonville, Ills., and It cut two An-
We bring letters for the gers off the actor wbo monkeyed with
foreign misses.' It is too late, replied; ' I would not let my grandfather in at this hour.’
“After that one had time to drink a cup of tea I heard them climbing over the wall.
want?’ I called



Then he led them to the judges’ stand, where they were paraded before seven or eight hundred people to receive the five dollars. The two
’Lob us i.li-
as 1 thought,” muttered Frank ; "but what's goin’ to be done ? That's what I’m after.”
'•'Now. I’m cornin’ to that,” this in a confidential tone, “jest go Caleb one better.”
"Me? Ain’t possible I fear Ab.”
" Scat 1 my boy, stiffen up your back lone. You’ve got just as much ahead of you an Caleb, but he’s got a little start. Now you’ve got to spoil the notority of that horse of his.”
" gut there's nothin’ in this country much better than cows beside bis
mare.”
Just

J It
Francis Carlyle says that Bostonians hiss the villain more loudly than theater goers of any city In which be has
own


would not have
prouder and happier than they

were
had ever been before. There was universal approval, too, when, the chair-of the Board announced that they
when Played

Mme. Modjeska is announcing her absolute fa re well trip through America, but she will require two years to visit all the cities she plans to.
William A Brady has about decided where the foreign misses keep their tbflt ..Way Down East” will be given
money, and we will not hurt you. We |n [<on(]on next summer. Grace George aniLy want the foreign silver.’ Til not may also be seen In the British capital.
You’re robbers and have \ report makes It that William Gillette Is tired of acting and of writing out, but they plays and that his Id1 life is one In
, small country house with a few chickens, a dog, a cow and a horse.
Said Coquelin: ”1 have never at any moment known what timidity was on
Now. there'»


was
“ 'What do you out. Thtqr came up a ltd seiztxl me, and said, 'Keep still, and tell us
man
had decided to award to Mr. Tuckey and Mist* Edwards another prize of five dollars for being the best-looking couple on the grounds, and in the finest outfit.
As Frank and Nell drove home that evening he asked, “l don't have to wait the month, do L Nell, dear?’’
" Why certainly, Frank,” she said,

morning
work, had got the lead by about four yards and had succeeded in holding it for the first three quarters of a mile. Neither had gained or lost, for Little Billy stuck to the mare’s heels if he had been glued there. Frank had not even troubled him with his whip, and did not now, but leaned over patted his neck, and said quickly, three or four times, “ Get ep 1 Little Billy, get ep I” The little fellow acted as if an electric shock had been sent through his much strained car-leaped forward and when the
keep still come to steal,1 I said
“Theoi I -tried to cry cut me down with their knives and » left me dead. In a little while I came to life again, and I knew that they were trying to get into your house, and might kill you
Well, I know one cow, then, that jest travel faster than’s usually •lowed to cows, and if you'll get Caleb worked up I’ll find a oow that’ll make hi* mare look like a calf. And what’s more I’U see that our Fair Board of-five dollar prize for a race and Caleb.”
hqlf-laughing.
But Frank knew it was only a woman’s “certainly,” so he went ahead boldly and won the day. But exactly what happened does not concern you
if it doe» it shouldnft.
Now’ all this goes simply to attest that the short glitter of the immediate present reflects more brightly
eyes than any amount of
can
the stage—never once Sarah, who has spasms of timidity afraid I should not have strength to whjch 8et her trembling like an aspen,
get to you, but I came as fast as I absolutely afraid to go before the au-could and screamed to wake you up, dlenee.” for I saw them with their lantern at
Then they came to me
I was
tors a
or me, or
’tween you
" But where's the horse, first ?”
" Why my ' little Billy,
tidentially.
« Little Billy T repeated Frank,
greatly astonished.
"That’s him, and what’s more 1 know the little fellow, and if I wasn’t elder I'd lie Peltin' straight off
that he’d win, as inebbe
THE TROTTING RECORD.
» H
this con-
your door again
The 2:10 pacers up to the close tjR last season number 355. but I kept on screaming to you, and Theodore Shelton, 2:09%, will race then they heard Tsai Yin. our Chinese |D "pyjamas” next year.
who had shouled from the Ed Geers will campaign the $10,000
in woman s sunshine stolen from the future.
What became of On le b? We all love a winner, and but few evei think of the letter. Caleb had been mean and he. knew it ; so he just slipped off
1 Like the half-decent chap
WITH THEIR KNIVES,
ea xs
mile post was reached he had overcome the mare’s lead and was now a neck ahead. The course had been so arranged that the crowd could hurry two fields and reach the fin-


woman
window the words unintelligible to us, pacing stallion Direct Hal next year.
call out, ‘Don't be afraid, gateinan; | Mlnstroi, a 3-year-old^prize winning
Fhey Percheron stallion, was sold reivutly for $2,f00.
an


across
ishing point. This they had dons and wild with excitement at the
home, a: that he was, said /icthing
three to one both Little Billy and me has done twice before, if my friends tilin’ all they knew,” and the
r*


th * foreign misses are coming
will b there before you can drink •
11' - only waiting
foreign guns' That
and they

GAVIN.”
were
closeness of the race
once ox
During the past year the French government expended a total of $3.235,000 for the encouragement of horse breeding.

bu\vl Qi Li a
were
old settler chuckled
„ Ay fight Ab. I’ll try him and mile, as Little Billy began to draw
thanks for your bein’ so good to me." go it was that Little Billy was tak-from his Fall plowing and band-to Frank to be prepared for

During the last quarter of the first
POTATO VINEGAR.

get t he frightened the robbers,
ran.


Take quite a quantity of common Irish potatoes and wash them until they are thoroughly clean; then place them in a large vessel and boil them
Now drain carefully the
f
ahead, Frank had noticed Caleb edging over on his course and crowding him towards the rough ground near the ditch. He shouted to him to hold his

then you
left mr3 a nd
, .	. , .. . -n Frank Williams of Corning, N. Y„
opened the door, and 1 died a. un. ^ pregeDt ownPr 0f Charley Hayt,
but you brought me to life. My 2:07%, reports the fast pacer in splen-hcart is full of thank* to the foreign did condition.
misses, who have been so good to e Catharine M, Dow In the bands of
n, and have saved Barney De ma rest, is credited with a my unprofitable life with so much trial of 2 u:,u4. and stake engagement»
of blood, had dragged himself to OUT , pie Qf the Sharon Hill stock farm In door, and faced the desperate gang j
a second time, to save our Uvea. Is iarue8 q, Wallace of Morgantown, U strange that now our souls rise in w Va., has In Billy Boyle, 2:27%, by
when we hear Alfred G, 2:18%, out of a mare by Al-


en

ed over
the prospective
A few nights later he met Caleb in Hiram Jenkin s store and this time a goodly crowd was present. Some one remarked that Maud 3. II. was the fastest piece
struck Hasting’s county.
¦ all wrong,” said Frank
until done water that they have been cooked in, straining it if necessary, in order to every particle of the potato.
Put this water into a jug or keg, which place near the stove or in some place where iit will be kept warm, and add one pjund of sugar to about two and one half gallons of the water, hop yeast or a small portion of Prepared in this way, and
but Caleb didn’t take tbe slightest notice of him. This made Frank very angry, especially too, as he felt that Little Billy had not much
He never lost his
race
course

worthl- as old

remove
more left in him nerve for a moment, however, and like a flash he saw a chance to win. It
of horseflesh that ever
was none too fair, under ordinary circumstances, but considering how unfairly Caleb had acted he felt it was perfectly Justifiable yards down the road he caught sight of a small puddle of water shining like a mirror in the sun, and he knew that tbe race was his if he could but reach that first. Had Little Billy enough left in him ? That was question. Frank was now desperate,
« You re
I know one right in it now she
for
some
letting it stand three or four weeks, you will lhave most excellent vinegar. Water may bo saved when boiling potatoes for the table, if the vegetables
can’t beat.
After the laugh had subsided Caleb Shoutod hotly, "Ten dollars to lira I	I or horse in the County
A hundred
ùt said that the Chinese are not cantara, a very promising horse. He ,
Is but 4 years old and keeps Improving right along.-Horseman.
to any man
HjfespjMHH
" I’m game a we’ll raosj|H|
brave?
I canndt close this tale without a word as to the action of the Chinese officials whose duty it was to punish these robbers. Every crime commit-
the moon
mile and a quarter running.” 1 if it’s all the same
even
are scarce.
Many deaths from so-called “heart disease” are really due to apoplexy. Tbe odor of liquor upon I he breath and although he had never intended	œt necessarily mean that the
uaiqg his whin be laabed the poor mas fas drunk.

iri
APHORISMS.
Fair day at 8 o’clock.”

the
" The
was arranged, and now was settled, Frank
go the race that everything
t Little Billy to work every morning Re groomed him well and
. . There Is no outward sign o* tree ted knl China calls for expistion, abd if	u,at does not rest on # dee®
is not punished therefor, the gonU foundation.—U*efhe
someone
g°
at 5.80
*
###PAGE###8###
		

.m



x)









Great January Sale.
McGuires
Spring is Coming !
CLOTHING.
o o o o o o
i
This is the month when money-saving opportunities will be thrown open to you at this Store. On January 10th we will open one of the greatest sales in the history of this Store. We never carry goods over from season to season, and in order to have an absolute clearing out of everything in the line of Fall and Winter Goods we will sell at cost price and under. Sale to commence at January 10th at
We have about 20 Suit scngt ha of Fancy Kmdih Worsteds that we procured at a bargain. They are the newest and most up-to-date goods on the market, usually selling at $18 two weeks—$10 cadi tilings, just the same as if you paid full price, and wo put tho “ McOuire lit and finish " on them all.
ÜBNTI I MEN
î
Our First Shipment of
| Cotton Goods
now in stock.
Our price for next
I trim-
?
?
T^e Boot & Shoe Store,

Mc CUIRE,
The TAILOR.
See our Prints
and Ducks
SHAWVILLE, QUE.,
M. STEWART.
P. S. -All Winter Goods at cost.
J
Sale of Lands for Taxes.
Province of Cjuobuci,
< MKw of the Municipal Council uf the County of Pontiac
1st Division.
I HEREBY (51VK NOTICE that the lands hereinafter mentioned v ill hv sold by public auction, at the Council Hall, in the village of
Dry.sun, on XVKDNESD\Y, the SIXTH day of MARCH next, at TEN
o’clock in the forenoon, for the assessments and costs due to the municipalities hereinafter mentioned, upon the several lots or parts of lots hereinafter descrilied, unless the same he paid to mu vsith costs before the aforementioned day of sale.
i
Province do Quelwc,
Bureau du Conseil Municipal du Comte de Pontiac
Ire Division.
.1E DONN E AX IS par le présent tpiv les terres ci aprt s d 'eriu < seront vendues par encan public, à la salle du comté <iv Pontiac, au village de Bryson. MERCREDI le SIX! EM E jour de MARS prochain, à DIX heures de l'avant midi, pour cotisations et frais mention va sur les ditferents lots et parties de lots ci apn < décrites, A m uns «pie les dites cotizations ne me soient payées avec les irais eue unis avant le jour fixe pour la vente.
Now is the time for the women to do
their sewing before the Spring rush comes on.............
:
i
o
We expect our regular Dry Goods to arrive in a few days.
Prices always right.
Taxes Taxes Mu Etendu, d'écoles,	n ici pal es.
Sein m»1	Municipal
Extent. Taxes. Taxes.

Name of Municipality
Nom sur le Rule
Rang
l usta
Votai
Lot

Frais
Nom de Municipalité
Naine on Xs^essmviit Roll
Range
I0<t
Hour-aie Joseph Campbell D. .1
- c:>
:t 17 1 84
Alukikld
:î iô.....................
1 N Ois 41, 4l\ 43 . s l 4L ail 4*2....
o.»
< 47
150
do
I
E. HODGINS & ON.
150
t 84
do
do
1	33 J 34 - *”.?
2
I 33
MK)
Duelos Auguste... Dochurty Daniel..
jCaboul y T. C..
t îiknmvn-Incmnu
! Moore David...
Martin E. T.____
Nolan Thomas
d«»
q
)
I N J
2 3 4 2 *20
-
80
)
do
l_
w
100
do
»
4

200
do

45, 4t>..............
4	S A 52.................
4 S l 49....................
1 N NV- N O J 35, N Is ! and 38..................T .
»
1 33
$
I
do
•>0
f»u
1 33
1 VhI
do
-
ù and 3
du
I
17
44
41



1 41 4 89
^74
100
I 41 i- 7!) 19 70
Rvuckwald Ferdinand.........
Jewell William..............
Kelly Terres.sa and others..
Kennedy John estate of—état de................
Xndersoii Xrthur..
Cnknown -Inconnu
Roy Andrew........
< ) Riley James...
Irwin Then. A.....
Pack John.........
do
8	15........................
Part Part e 35 \ e ! 8 5 Part —Partie S \ 8
1 00 !
! HO I
1-5
t; <N)
15 1H1
Cl! U’K.U VlLl.V.F
‘iVWWVV .VWAV/rViW/.W
GOODS WELL BOUGHTjI
ARE HALF SOLD ;

wm
1-5
do
d
do
do
d
II
1 HO
IS 51
15
9 99
1 M »
34 42 Hi .*>8 5 33 !
>
3	Part.-Partie 5
A	SW-SOl 19
3	,23, 24......
S K
4	NE _
ti	W -0 \ 4 and	all 5 and t
4	12, 13...........
5	14, 15...........
do
do
do
V.
i
1 84
38 71 15 07
10O
tu AI
BfllsToI
•m
71 1
400
do
i
1 o buy well, watch iHf Ipfrst price* nnd in* formation in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
31 115 jo lid
: 30
is
VO
*1
do
5 33
100
do
l
150 I 200 I
7 30
Va wool»
vac.tir
I

i
do
10 40 1 33 02
10 40 | 33 02
200
do
do
Official Time Table :
w	Samples V rtC
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
114
Meehan William.............
McRao Mrs. Geo. estate of—
I etat do...................
Conroy John................
Burns B. estate of—etat tie... Crawford Robert or Henry
Brown ...............
McCuaig David..............
Stevens William or Horner__
Dale John..................
Woolsey William............
Beaudoin Jean..............
Daley Joseph...............
Mulligan John G............
43
4
Chichester
do
5.45 Leave 18(X>	"
11.12 '•
8.18 "
Aylmer tBreckenridge I* Kurd ley Parker's Crossing t'Mobra
Arrive 2 45
13 50 75 81 11 23
13 cO 75 81 11 23
iU
2	491$
do
M
1.21
207
4. 5
3 9, 10
do
1
• «
9.U#
8.58
169
do
8.26
h
8.50
Litchfield
137
ii
Quyon Wyman's ?Tank Bristol McKee's Whaw ville Clark's
Campbell's Bay ?Tank Î'Vinton Cou longe •Mellon's Waltham
•S
8.40
NOTICE.
7 69
7	69
8	64 6 30
• I
100
1.47
7 F A 28........
1 Sfcj8.........
5	28...........
10	FA 22.......
11	Sa:.........
12	N A 15 or 151. 12 N $ 4 oi 4c ..
145 and 146 ..
h
8.22
do
$56	"
m
8.14
8 64
50
do
1.54
II
II
8.08
Notice is hereby given that application will In* made to the Parliament of Canada at its next session, for an Act to amend the Act relating to the Ottawa and Gatineau Railway, and to change its name to that of the Ottawa, Gatineau and Western Hall wry ; to empower It to acquire or amalgamate with the Pontiac Paeilie function Railway Company; the Hull Electric Railway Company,'the Ottawa a ml New York Railway Company, the Ottawa Interprovincial Bridge Company, the Ottawa Electric Railway Company, (¦¦Kingston and Pembroke Railway Company, or any one or more of them, axd to exercise the powers, franchise and privileges thereof, or to acquire and to hold t he stock or bonds of any one or more of them ; to issue stock, common of preferred, and bonds secured by mortgage or upon income, to such amount as may lx* necessary for the purpose of the undertaking. And also to authorize the company to acquire, work and dispose of, mines and ' i m'ht lauds and the product* thereof; to aeon ire, erect, use, and dispose of pulp. an<1 paper mills ; and to acquire, use and dispose of, water powers for electrical and other purposes.
6 30 2 60
100
II
do
7.04
ii
8.02
7.26
h
2 60
7.52
100
do
h
7.45
ii
7.81
2 85
2 85
50
North Onslow do do
too
M
7.18
9 90 3 85
7 94
9 90
100
108
II
7.1»
*
M2
ii
7.0ft
ii
3 85
14 05
100
do
do
ISO
II
II
6.54
2 82
3 29
Village of Qvyon
1.47
ii
b.sv
ii
IA5 Arrive
•Flag Station. tTauk. VFlag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
Leave 6.30
House and 3 lots more or less situated on West side of Pickanock street and bounded on North by land of J. G. Elliott, on South and West by land jof Robert Dagg.
Maison et 3 lot plus au inoin au cote Ouest de la Rue Pickanock. Borneo au Nord par le terrain de J. G. Elliott, au sud et Ouest par le terrain de Robert Dagg.


P. w. RESSEMA N,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDANT
the

x\ 70
Village of Shaw ville Hudgins Andrew
OTTAffAlt GATINEAU RF.

2 25 2 25 2 25 2 25
5 65 5 65 :> 05 5 05
3 40
Fall anfl winter Time Table
Talcing effect Nov. 2<>, 1900
215
Smith Bernard
1
Waltham
1
t • •
i 40
272
1 2
do
do
3 40
lui
do
1
3
do

3 40
182
1
do
4
do
So. 1 Train I>ave Ottawa no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa
55
55
.. 4 OOp.m ..10 25 a.m
Estate of -état de George Bryson sr....................
11
Mansfield
0
55
4
22
JO
do
! 10
1 10
3	41. 42
do
do
Nos. 1 aud 2dally except Sunday
II. B. MvGIVERX,
Solicitor for said Company oat Ottawa the 11th day of Janu
For tickets and further Information apply to Central Chambers. Ottawa.
Dot
P. \V. UKKSKMAN.
Gen’ISup’t
ary. mil
BBH
Compulsory education is one of the features o| Manitoba * new School Act, w hich i» to be fcubmitted to the legislature i s assemb mg this m< n h.
A Renfrew deputation composed uf Mr. A A. V right, M.P., Mayor Smallheld and Messrs Mackay, Mills and Johnson, i interview! d the Dominion Government ou |s*turday fur the purpose of having a Jm !	' R bonus refunded to the town.
WILLIAM G. LeROY, Secretary-Treasurer,
Corporation of the First Division of the County of Pontiac Corporation de le Premier Division de Comte de Pontiac.

Bryson, 4th January, 1900. Bryson, 4me Janvier, 1900.
50 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
on
if

want for many year* to come. At. pro- M uitreal. Jan. 31.—W. Edward H «gar, sent however, the Canadian treasures lie aged about 50, who recently retired from practically dormant, as do the Australian, bu loess a» a member of Edward llagar
The South Bast Half of the South West Australia k perhaps too far off foi Bug- and Company, wholesale oroekeiy deslert, Half of Lot No. 13 on the 5th range of jj9h purposes, but Canada is no& ; and was found dead in a chair in his fffief, Bristol, owned by the late Patrick Mur- surely our iron and steel capitalists would St. Paul street, last evening. Aft* r îe-
hwH! ^Thp laml iVil'/a mxxl state l*° we^ *° fnllow the example of the Car- tiring from business he had n private office SfSMffi; i, well fenced. JTCir the negie Company, and exploit the Cana- on the third floor of the building and it railway station and post office. Will be dian deposits. Transjiort has been hith- was there that ho was found with a bul!*t sold oii terms to suit purchaser.	erto a difficulty, but it is now being in hio head and a revolver by h»s side.
Applvto T. G. MVRPH N ,	solved in a measure by railway construe- Hi had not been seen since Monday.
Arnpnor, OiiL ,^on . while the pushing forward of inland
waterway schemes, such as that of thoL I	.
Georgian Bay Canal, would help further ] uished Ontario criminal lawyer, is dead
to bring a magnificent supply of iron ore The production of raw as well *&s of wjthin easy reach of this ccimtry. If finished iron is becoming more and more Englishmen miss the opportunity Ameri the perquisite of the United States. We cans will not l»e long in capturing the should do well to look around for new Canadian deposits. They show signs of of ore supply. Our own supply doing so already —London Saturday Reis vanishing, and the out put w already view.
dwindling, But within the empire notably in Canada, which has an extension ,	.	,, .	, .
of the American deposits, probably just long held by him of Grand Master rf the
jus valuable-we can get mure than we Free Masons of England.
Fop Sale

PATENTS

Trade Marks
Some years ag. the Dominion Government I	COPYRIGHT# &C.
refunded to the town uf Pembroke the Anyone sending a sketch *ndde^pttonm*y t of subsidy which the town had fi^enOo^î* probabïySSentable. Commente*
mnted loilic oldI Cwul. Oeotr.l railway.
lne reason was that the road had become ' Patenta taken through Mann A, to. receive incorporated as a portion of tho Canadian |	^2^xT^A%(fl 1* ‘
I acific railway, and the town argued that $(t£ttflllC /|lllCnC«lle
*’ the- L iiiatla Central ceased to be a A handsomely Illustrated weekly. largest dr
'Ll: ZtthVr" ?h05ld get back	nT:s£«
irEEEHEl Nititt'stiteiP
thit district, lbnfrtiw had also given a banus to that p )r i ,n of the C. P R between Sand K int and Renfrew, claim for r. fund is based exactly on name grounds on which the money was visit to Cmads in 1861, He droppet his paid back tv Pembroke. If it was right, I Princely tide f«»r that of Ban u Renfrew, they say, in the one case, then it must be and when ho toured through the Holy right in the other. Primiar Laurier told Land in 1862 he again bveam- Bunn Run the Rmfiew delegates he would lock into frew. So Renfrew ha* n paricu’ar in-tho matter.	tvieit in Kiug Edward VII.
am ou
IPROMPTLV 5ECURED1
» Write for our interesting books •' Inventor's Help" and “Mow you arc swindled.” Send urn a rough sketch or model of ycur invention or improvement and wr will tell you, free our opinion as to whether it i« probably patentable. Rejected applications have often been successfully prosecuted %y us. We, conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal, and Washington ; thisqualifies us to prompt-, ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents, as broid as the invention. Highest references, furnished.
Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special notice without charge in over ioo newspapers distributed throughout the Dominion.
Specialty Patent business of Manufacturers and Engineers.	j
MARION & MARION	|
. Patent Experts and Solicitors. 1
f New York Life Bldg, H ont real f Offices, j Atlantic Bldg.Washington D.C.
Wvvw/wwwv ^vwvr>
Mr. B. B. Osler, K. C., the (listing
The Georgian Bay Canal
Carleton county will contribute $500 for the relief uf tho farmers who suffered tho b si of their crops by tho disastrous hail storm which passed over Tvibultt n township last August.
\Vh«n ih«» new K"’« of England
Their
thel travelled in the United Ststes, after hia
nourcort
CjT Change of matter for advertisements must Le received not later than Monday noon of each week otherwise we cannot insure its insertion. Our patrons will please keep this m mind.

King Edward hai resigned the office

*





