###PAGE###1###
f


r -t
<
i


iJ
%



j
No. 44 —17rii Year.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.
THURSDAY, APRIL 2(i	1900.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
If you wi'li for an exterior view of your residence vail on lxi*
Mr. I’igott, vlvdricim, of M- nt arriv<
equipment « f the P (Vunpuny.
P'*v. Mr. AVâirr.ntUon imw-hed in t1 Orange hall
S aLLY
i .Sunday
I
k t
Work i tion hero
the Ayltnvi
1
I
Telephone
lleatl
Capital in> Capital PAld
iw* t ....
OTTAWA, C ANADA
liiigat the railway K ta building to la iL-jy C<»., fur Mepurntmg
A llfMJ
1
beJ

hy
lit
„,.,l
THERE IS
NOTHING LIKE
And no other stock of Footwear just like
OP CANADA.
LEATHER !

I
Board of Directors
Mr. Th
Argue, w
ew we re
ported last week, is still in a wry critical condition, his case having developed the symptoms of typhoid fever, of form. 'Die services . M
to devote to him the which the case requires
¦ - $6,000,000.
It-1 RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
CAPITAL
CharlbbMaoeb, Esq., President. Gbouge H a v, t iQ.,Vice-President*
Ji 1 r M ' un *, D*vm MacLaken, I Des m» MvîtniY, E q
Th3 Militia Question
Ho». Un», BüYUOk, Jh Ai.kx. P«a«iü. K :q ,
a serious f a prof os,si* Harnett, have been soeur
(ilful attmitmn
''hat think y u of having a company I I vf tin lit ia
ed IShimvilK
!
ith headquarters at
Head (Mice, - Montreal.
oEonoEnvuN
D. M. FINN IE
General Mi
II* l
a an *•!'! trouper's opinion of it. •	* liilh d ye >,	r and iith
I he opposition of • he Pontiac It. It. militia from, I wo .Id say about every t oiiipany to f he granting ut a charter f<»r county in the province, except poor Pun-tho construct ion of a line of railway from tiac. J never uiw a man out of *>r in it Portaged u hurt to Pembroke was sue* with the Queen’s “uniform on, and Fanners notes bought aud collect'd.	oossful in having tho bill killed at tho where will you ge* a country with more
Money transferred to all parts of the world, hands of the Railway ( ommittce of the able-bodied men than in Pontiac, if they
House of Coin mot is on Friday last. The only take it in band i We want our ground fur the opposition was that the country defended, and Pontiac is the only proposed railway would parallel the right county that is not trying to do it. Try it of way for which the P P. Co. pos- and see if we can go in am*mg the pow* se>s a charter, and would have the effect dor and balls, joking, laughing andsmok-of killing both enterprises.	ing the cigar as those now in South Af-
rica arc doing.
Man**

Bra
SHAW VILLE Hit AM II,
IN ONTARIO ;
Keewatln.
K-mvtv ll<
Matluwa,
Ottaw \
do Hank 8t. Ib-nfr- w do R; 1'M’iSt. Tor inf », Vsnkleek Hill, Btnitu's Falls
in Manitoba ;
,	Whir.li «
Portag" Ln Prairie,
IN QUEBEC ;
Montreal,	Hull.	1 air-hut
Agi uta In Caim-h, N- w York and Chi*
Rank of Montreal.
Agent i in Ht. Paul - -Mi ''-liant a Nat. Rank. Agent* In Loudon, Eng.—Pan's Uauk Ltd,
Money loaned on approved security R* rear enable ra*es.
Lanark, Furry Hound I'emh I Rat Pot
Alexandria, Am prior, Avonmof*, Bracebrtdge, Carle ton
SHAW’S
rok

Place,
Hawkesbory,
SAVINGS HANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
10 A.M.TOS P.M.
10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager.
WHY?
Dauphin
Office Hough .
SATURDAY* . .
Size Quality
Price
Are the Distinguishing Features.
*#o-
Elmmi»:: CTiei: k Factory.—Tho pat* v	....	.	. ,
rons of the Klmside Cheese factory held	, Vf5'	\rml,tltt. f?rco	havo
their annual meeting at No. !t achool	”ead,l"ar,‘‘	"here it is	heat	Why not
house on the last Way of March. There .7® “ ®wül«ay m twnth Onslow, an-was a good attendance, and the prospecta	',ther	,0nsluV'.-	L"81"1’
for the coining season are quite bright.	*' “f’ T	M*™.fieldr °'le
A full line of enlarged portraits and | The cheese is to be manufactured, in- ’n Allumette Island, one on Calumet Isf ram vs van he had at ImlaoiiH at right eluding all the expenses in connection , ’ "?tt 111 Uaremlon. ahmg with a troop prices. Your esteemed patronage solicited. wjt|]| f„r ,ind n quarter cents perl	as for Ladysmith, Leslie,
SEESîFEnEB:=a,:m srjz!x£ '• & •’¦inST
attention and charges moderate. ed at the factory, has pi veil an impetus r ,M . T ,	, . .V ,
to the business.	( nIumvf Iyhl Apnl 20th, 1900.
1
WANTED Girl to learn Milllnerv.
Mrs. I). McRae
3r~- i®
1
w*m
i
LE/VRN TO NIAISE ......A LIVING.
<
)

Î
ose
Tho ability to do so depends very largely upon the preparation. There is no hotter pi operation for young men and young women than a practical business and shorthand training. Attend where the instruction is entirely indivi- ! dual. Where business is taught as business is done. Where the most modern systems are used j and taught in a practical form. j Backward students a special if) Monthly reports issued to parent». \ A postal will bring full particulars.
Mr. (*e<>rge Ballant i tie started ferrying between Bristol and Sand Point on Mon-
Miss E. Smith, teacher <»f the senior	Portage clu Fort, April 2‘>, 1900.
elementary room of the Academy, who Editor of equity, Shawvflle, has been, as already reported, very ill for Dear Sir : - I was very much pleased the past month, left here for homo on to KCG in your issue of the 19th an article Saturday morning in care of her mother, (m military organization for Pontiac. It
aï esr&'Ms !	*t : srjr ztjsj
Supply Co.,.of Montreal, for the sale of De* qualified satisfaction to tno commissioners n, fts ' ! men of splendid physique, inur Laval Cream Separators.	and parents of children since tdie began °d toaîl sorts of hardships, with hone and
. her duties nearly three years ago, not one muscle unsurpassed and always ready for J he roues for	t	ic	pas.	v.cck are sait	^ ; complaint	during all that period having	active service-in fact the	very best stuff
be in a	move v.reu	led	c md:*:on	nan	ihs	|)uen ,|);v|v agnjn^t ]ler<	UIK, hence jt WH;J to make soldiers of, and I	am quite sure
been known .or years.	with feelings of deep regret that our citi- the men Pontiac are ever ready to
The Ottawa Journal has secured tho ' generally saw her take her depart- serve their ^ueen and country, and only 20,1100 ten-cunt pieces solicited for its j ui'e under such distressing circumstances, await i ,es. mid of the bugle to answer Soldiers’ Memorial Fund, and the dimes thv h'.pv was sincerely expressed that . nr.uly l ut from a military point <4 still keeiMHiurine in Good ’	> s *e wol,ki have strength to withstand uewr we .tie n »t ready. I can speak witzi
1 1	*	the fatigue of the journey, and be once some little experience for \ was one of
Rev. Mr. Lowe, of Bristol, conducted more restored to health/	those mustered int > line at the time of
giifss
tit , died	at ms h-une	*m 1 iid<«y m an-	t*uc could turn out from	its hunt clubs
1 hv‘,,f	iy'i-.s-. H s Kge	and elsewhere—men with	steady nerve
i lie hit** Dr . * .m en was and unerring eye, accustomed to the chase <niu tlie founders of SLuke s Hospi- and roughing it generally, would not only t il, and a life governor of rhat insfitu'!on. },.» iin additional source of strength to the tie was a Freemason ot nigh standing, forces of the country, but would be just F 7F I’heShawvj.le Marble and Gran being a member of the >c*c : is!i ri'e, .<d the chap-, to tight an enemy such as we it© Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor degrees mid was also i K: _,!it rempl ir, are now at war with in South Africa, and turns ont a superior class of work tu Mon He was for some years D. D. G. M. of many of our bo vs are spoiling to hunt umen.tR, Headstones, etc. Prices reason tho Grand lodge of ( anada for the Otta- the Boer, a doubly exciting spurt, us the able	«	I wa district In politics Dr, * hurcli was hunter and his quarry so frequently
an uncompromising Conservative and in change places. S„ 1 say by all means let rtiij.pon a member *»f ‘he < uurch m Lug- Pontiac lmve a volunteer corps, and I ven-
la:ui. ai iily be was one ot the most tare to sty her sons will be found second À ^	-	^	„
popular men in the city imd uosse> sed an to none in the Dominion.	1 a
amiability oi disposition w nch won him Pray thon use your influence with Mr. j hosts of friends.	Poupore and other representative men to
have the matter brought before the Hon.
)inve Minister of Militia, and urge upon him to
day
Present Stock numbers 2,492 pairs
- actual count -
An up to late line of cards just receive i at Imison's Pontiac Douse gallery.
j
'
A particularly good range of
Ladies’ Fine Shoes and Slippers.

1
Inspection and comparison invited.
U. H. SHAW.
St „f tho ses- : ">*' »*•'" "ftw sed uvur this netgiiWlr ¦ •>	- !'Va* 64 mis.
11 was ac<

A thunderst
3 1
Address PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE

k on
Wednesday night la i : ied hy several short,
i
<

i
ipan
K
y Huuwers
LOCAL NEWS.
Principal Va* glian spent his L ister holidays at Buckingham.
Dr. McNaughlon visited Montreal last week.
Fresh eggs taken in exchange for boots and shoes, at Stewart’s boot store, Shaw-villo.
Tho members of the Ladies’ Aid of tho Methodist church, and a few friends, held a delightful “ at h «me " at the residence of Mr. K. G. Elliott on Thursday evening

last
Ei
ARN IS KING
Mr. and Mrs. Shouldice, of Gatineau ( British 1 od section, were hero l*.t week on a visit to , 334, „f o,;'.o' Town, South Aft
Mrs. It. G. liodgins, sistyr of tho latter, gent n letter to King Sul<	mcr, grant the neci iry >nty to raise a
JJ**• .	,l,(»Dier, Mrs. <> Harro, of	Quebec,	with fratern.il meetings/ The	company, and I should	be proud to be
Wakefield is at present trie guest ot her	brethren	of that	lodge expressed their	allowed to bo the first	man l » shoulder
daughter.	gratification at receiving a visit from	t-ie rifle and	stop into	the	ranks;	and	1
The rumor is revived that the Bell Tel- ! Bros. L. J. LcvKoyand G. V.	Howard,	j "nLv v*^1	-iv sune ¦	::r.c	steps could be
ephone Company are thinking of extend-	o: King S dunioa.	They offered t<> look	taken «u ,ruo a lit lo military instruction
ing their service through this county, to	after tue	brethren	and after any others	iced m • "ur c	t
the extent of opening central offices	in | whom King .<• #Lmum might	name to *1	« - ’‘i ‘
Shftwville and other business centres.	I them. Tho executive of Briti	h Lodge	iU*° 1,1 douotfwl buncht
his volunteered 'o do anything in its pew-	* ol*rs truly,
Dentistry'.—Dr. Stackhouse, surgeon er to promote the safety and comfort of	Gerald 11. Ln* gazon
dentist, will be at Shaw ville on Tue; day,
May 1st ; Bryson, Wed. May 2nd ; Campbell's Bay, Thurs. May : h d ; Fort Cou-longe, Friday and Saturday, May 4 and 5.
X. F. & A. M.. N
».
S. A. McKay's standard bred stallion ** L >rd Velvo/ will be at McGuire’s hotel every Tuesday during the season.
OF ALL PIANOS.
New Williams sewing machines, churns, washers and wringers; sewing machine enedles and oil.	Smart & Sm: iir.

cad of
Mr. Ralph Hudgins & Sons have commenced building operations oil Mr. W. W. Ireland’s lot, Pickanock street.
For Sale.—A quantity of good cedar posts -10 feet lengths. To he sold cheap.
Smart & Smith
taught which
3 l
HIGH GRADE
.
HIGH GRADE Fully Warranted
ONE QUALITY
Z $

Fully Warranted ONE QUALITY
the Canadian brethren, were much amu ed Bros. Lcfioy and Howard in finding such an advanced stato of civilization in South Africa, and that they were not set down on a bleak, barren and inhospitable r.hore.
The members so of


. »
r
A v
M'i • - Tim AyIttu r creamery having been purchased by a joint stock company is likely to be run on a much larger scale than last year.
1st.—The price for manufacturing lias been reduced one cent per lb.
2nd -Five new skimming stations will be in operation along the P. P. J. liy.
3rd.—The price for butter should be good because the large cob I storages are practically empty; this coupled with the fact that many factories with butter and cheese plants are making cheese to catch the high price of that article at present.
I understand that tho creamery men have secured promise of sufficient to run a separator at the different points. This will give the farmers an opportunity to judge for themselves. Those who have been hungering and thirsting for skim milk can once more quench their thirst, and the farmer who has a large quantity of milk in spring and fall when the cheese factory is closed will have a depot for bis product.
The churn will get a longer rest,	j
Your wife will look her pleasantest, i And make you up a brand new vest,	|
And you will send your son “out west" | And give him money to invest	!
Skimmi
The Ontario Legislature lias passed a bill compelling nil municipalities to put a tax on dogs.
n

r: '2%

Mr. Joseph B. Smiley, recently ap WANTED—A dining room girl with pointed station agent at Clarke’s, is going good experience. Highest wages paid. to take charge of the station at Fort
C. Caldwell, Pontiac House. Coulonge. Mr. R. Bowes, of Campbell’s
Bay, is to succeed Mr. Joseph at Clarke’s.
only
only
Church Notes
That the Best !
That the Bsst !

HW
Mr. J. R. Booth has purchased Mr. Frauds Murtagh’a timber limits on East Branch of Coulonge.
Before buying eggs for hatching purposes eee my stock of Plymouth Rocks.
R. Mitchell, Shaw ville.
Where is the citizen who has the nerve to say that our main street don’t need macadamising ?
A staff of masons and stone cutters have commenced to prepare the material for the Portage du Fort bridge.
Mrs. H. R. Dunn, of Beachburg, was hero last week visiting her brother, Mr. H. T. Argue.
GIRL WANTED.—A good general servant wanted at once.
Apply to Mils. J. G. McGuire,
Shaw ville.
The Easter meeting of rhe Church of England congregation, of Radford, v.as hel I last Thursday night. Messrs McKnight and Thoa. Rades were elected church wardens. It was resolved to call for tenders for the making and erection of tho frame of the church. The contract for building the foundation was some
time before awarded to Mr. Win. Rich-Sessions of tho Circuit and Superior ardson.
large amount of money involved, was called, but adjourned till June. Further evidence in the Macfarlano vs. Workman case was taken.
X
Tho Arnprior Watchman, one ot our most esteemed exchanges, has donned a new dress of type, thus fittingly celebrating the 10th anniversary of its birth, and demonstrating as well its steady march along the road of prosperity.
Our Mr. J. R. Horner, Shawville,

Will he pleased to forward your name and address, and as our tuners will be starting out as soon as the roads become good, if you have an organ oy .pun*».. ^ which needs tuning, repairing or cleaning, we will do the work for vtm at city prices. We are making up the route now, so kindly send Mr. R. Horner your name ; state particulars as to what is wrong with your instilment. If an organ be particular to state if reeds arc broken, and which key they affect, counting each key—both black and white--commencing at the last key on the left or bass end,* And if strings or hammers are broken, state w hether Square or Upright, maker's name, and which key is atfected, also counting each key from left hand. The strings vary in thickness for each note, hence this information is helpful. We arc making up our list, so write Mr. Horner, Shawville, at as early a date as possible. All work fully guaranteed.

: day, when Mr. John H. Shaw was elect* ed Chairman and Secretary of the Committee. All the hooks and plans were placed in his hands, and parties wishing to make arrangements about lota are re The Boater vestry meeting of St. XI quested to communicate with him.
Park man,	last
Wednesday. Messrs. John Smiley and M Sinclair wore re-elected church den*, and Messrs. R. Kmart and R. W Hudgins delegates to Synod.

CAMPBELL’S BAY

war
The mads at present are in a very bad condition.
mi <• i u i i t ul n i . i »*. .1 i Thomson of Coll field is recov 1 lie • tin a ay School of St. I aul s church vring from an attack of incarnation.
held its annua Easter service last Sunday	Messrs, K. & B. Workman have retired
afternoon 1 heir rendering of the chil- from basin
(Iren's choral Litany was excellently done.
The offerings of the children and of the
congregation present, for the Indian boy,
amounted to ^5.55.
THE D. W. EARN CO. Ltd.,
197 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
The telephone central office here has been removed from W. W. Ireland's to John Lester's. Miss Louisa Lester has charge.
Another Member of Parliament, Dr. Haley, member for Hants, N. S., died at Ottawa on Monday. The deceased M. P. was a Liberal.
See the new No. 9 Verity Plough—diamond steel mould boards, adjustable bandies, easy to hold ; cleans in any soil. Just tho t hing. Call and see them.
Smart & Smith

In dairying
Every farmer should prepare now for the possible drought of summer and plan so that his stock may have sufficient food.
let.—Let the pastures get a start be fore allowing cattle on them.
2nd.—Sow some mixture at different dates suitable for green feed.
3rd.—Sow a small quantity o' the most suitable clover in all your fields of grain.
Attention to the above will provide against drought, cause an increase in the milk whether sent to cheese factory, skimming station or made at home, and at the same time have your stock in good order in the autumn when they come off
n. wgaj^gjg
Shawville, April 23rd, 1900
Mr. R. Campbell ha * removed here with his family.
Mr. and Mrs. R. Bowes are leaving here this week, Mr. Bowes having been up pointed agent, at Clarkes station. He will he greatly missed as he made many friends during his residence amongst us. We w ish him every success.
Mr. R. XV. Hodgins, colonization agent, was in town on Friday.
Dr. R. H. Klock of Shawville was in town on Friday.
Rev. J. A. McFarlane has been in town for the past few days renewing old acquaintances.
Of the timber limits offered for sale at Toronto a few days ago by U. H. Klock & Co., owing to the low bids, only was disposed of. This was the IV Farm Limit in Nipissing district, which went to McLachlin Bros, for $10b,(X)0.
Monday's Ottawa Journal contains an account of tho marriage of Mr. W. D. Cuthbertson (son of Mr. James Cuthbort son, of Clarendon), on the 19th inst., to Miss Nettie E. Robertson, daughter of Mr. Robt. Robertson, of Lanark, Ont.
FOR SALE
I
one
>cky
DESIRABLE village property.
Iajht. — On Thursday last, Mr. Ad. Hodgins lost a five dollar bill somewhere in town, but the exact locality he cannot say. It seems lie went down Court street to Shaw 's store, then up Main to G. F. Hudgins', and back home through the Pontiac House yard If such a bill has been found by anyone, they will likely find the owner in Mr. Hodgins.
The property owned by the late Dr. If. II Knox, consisting of a lot of about 136 ft. front by 200 ft.. in depth, In tho centre of which is erected a large frame house with brick extension. Also good stable and carriage bouse- all in good condition. Terms made easy for purchaser.
Apply to MIW. H. H. KNOX.
Our townsman, William Wilson, is the proud |possessor of a handsome hackney stallion, purchased in the sister province a few weeks ago. William intends travelling the animal this season.

ft
the fields
ODOIH8
i

,___________________
###PAGE###2###



*
à

wmmrjzza. IM
The Ktiowm:in spread oui hia a>*lm» BETTKiiMENT OF SOCIETY. man "'Jl0rJf11*,	in woman’»
jz..........-...... 5'Smss
.. h^jgrè&Êê
aiB'HEHEEBHE
seemed to diJate	with triumph.	"Deo	world of the true attitude and rela-	Ing ,b’11	rnitlv» and councils absorb-
iius! Of<> hiua!	he murmured,	none	tiou ot women to one another. It hue	®iU'•	„igb the whole time and
euring‘Lv^eymlnrS’ tir».7elî TürZ ZTüuJlZZ ' n“" ' j"SvE\KeUlVr” \Z
lu. k affrighted and eroeeed them- their eiieetloem. eetd nothing but au|>-	• ludiold bow these women
Bmm "M hr, r	r soot
And he goes with me, be goes with me! pally boosting one another m clul,s	lrt n0 denying that there warn
Chut, mm!’—this to the showman, L^ud international councils and aveh ’’ h, u ut lenient In *he old day#
esee -he =; rr-- s % «rr-ss
for a purpose. If	you choose, you can	they have almost looked for som<\ con-	^ w ,|g	nn|v more of him ” But a*
ci>iu<\ too,'	vu la «on of nature to follow it. It was	loes or	more la exactly the thing
P..,..
answered, with a grim chuckle. "You that their high (onclavee and	follow the plan of the creator, and,
don't seem, to relish the idea. But do leasts” would break up in tear» and t |Vjnff tried "her prentice hand," as you please.”	hair-pulling, and when, at the World’s on mnn n, length turn her attention
-ÎÏÏm?,M™..»*.r*.......	••*a.rstus “*• "
"Mon Dieu! but you shall not!” the manager* for a moment forgot them- * • showman exclaimed. Wrath for the | selves and drew out their hand key moment drove out fewr. He seized	to indulge Lu a few briny drops
&1KK.M JSitS - »’	» •» •»	"
foaming with rage, "He is mine!” w just wha-t we expected, and now
L Idiot I Beast! Gallown-birdl" the | let, us hare an end id i lie whole mat-priest thundered in reply. "For one half of a denier 1 would throw you into the next street! Let go, or I will blast you with—Oh, it la well for you you are reasonable. Now be gone!
Be gone, or, at a word from me, there are a score here who will—”
He did not finish» his sentence, for the showman fell hack ;*nic-strlcken, and stood off among! the crowd, malevolence and, craven fear struggling for the mastery in hie countenance. The priest* took the boy up gently in his arms and looked at him. His face grew strangely mild as he did so. Thei black brows grew smooth, the lips relaxed. "Get a little water.” ho said to the nearest man a hulking, olive-skinned southerner. "The child has swooned.”
"Your pardon, father,” the man answered, "he is dead.”
Rut Rather Bernard shook his head.
"No, my son, ’ he said, kindly, "lie who led me here to-day will keep life in him a little longer. God’s ways never end in a rulde-sac. (set the water. He has swooned only,"
BRITAIN'S COIL SUPPLY,
,\

STARTLING FACTS SHOWING HER GREAT RESOtkCBS.
For Love and Fame.
J
The Whole Hoihli iieoiih Would Ne# rebate lise (i«ppl; et Eelell Vr t**-C^ml lunogh In the Mime# le Lent W65 Veer#,
It may be reassuring to the British householder to know that, In spite of the recent alarming growth in hi# coal bill, there is still a reserve of coal hidden away in the United Kingdom large enough to supply the demands of e score of generations of llritgne, and of sufficient value to buy all England up half-a-dozen tin writer in London Tit-bite.
II is estimated that the available coal in the con 1-beds of Great Britain and Ireland is no less than 140,000 million tons, b quantity large enough to last, at th*i present rate of output, for 025 years ; or, for home consumption only, for more than a century and a quarter longer. So that it will be quite time for the British householder to begin to grow anxious about hie coal supply somewhere about the year 11500, by which time the use of coal may be as obsolete as the use of flint and *teel to-day.
If the British supply of coal were equally distributed among all the Inhabitants of the United Kingdom there would be an allowance of 3,450 tone for eaoh man, woman, and child; while each family would have to find accommodation for something like 10,000 tons, or us much coal as would outweigh the entire population of Bristol to-day. We might even, in an access of generosity, distribute out coal broadcast over the entire world, and yet allow the liberal portion o| umeiy-thres tons to every inhabitant.
The task of bringing this huge depus it of coal to the surface would be so stupendous that, If
AN ARMY OF 76,000 MEN,

and But 1 am going to dine now. 1 tun going ! o feed "it him I1*
" w e i
i
He hauled the child to him pitH'.ed hla hand t It rough his clothes, but he found nothing, and bin face
dark WÊEBtUÊÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊ/Êt
" The little softy has brought nothing away with him 1"
The other men
to his liking
evei y mm
Morbleu I" he swore. | the hare-lipped beggar answered, indifferently. “ You have paid for your dinner, and may cook it as you please, for me."
" 1 am giving to,” the showman answered with an ugly look, he plucked the boy almost off his feet as he spoke, and while the men cried after him.
" Ben appétit !" and jeered, he drag-a eight as ged him away across the open part Two or of the market, finally disappearing on with him In one of the noieeaome «1-the leys which then led out of the Halles on the east side.
His way led through a rabbit-warren of beetling passage* and narrow lanes where the buy, once loose, could have dodged him a hundred ways and Plague, if I don’t think the lad escaped ; and he held Mm with the title a softy i" said one staring at him. must precaution, expecting him every “Not he I" replied the man who had moment to make a desperate attempt hold of him; and roughly seizing the at it. But Jehan was not the old >-boy by the head with hie huge hand, han who had turned and twisted, he forced up an eyelid with his fm- walked on and frolicked on the rope,
»er as if to examine the eye. The 1 and in the utmost depths of ill-treat-boy uttered a cry of pain " There I" ment had still kept teeth to bite and an d the ruffian* grinning with tri- spirit to use them He was benumbed emph. "He Is ail right. The ques- body and soul, lie had had no food tiou is, what shall we do with him I'* for nearly twenty hours, llo had pase-" There are his clothes," one mut- ed the night exposed to the cold, lie tered, eyeing the bov greedily.	bad 8>>oe through intense excitement
‘ "To be sure there are always his horror, and despair. So he stumbled clothes," was the answer. "It does along, with Vidoehe’a dying cry In not take an Armand Jean du Plessis his ears. and. famished, frozen g de Richelieu to see that, gaby I And, numbed, met the showman s threats of course, they would melt to the tune with a face of fixed impassive apathy of something apiece I But, maybe, we He was within a very little of mad-can do better than that with him. ness.	e	.
He has run away. You don’t find truf- For a time Crafty Eyes did not heed ties on the dung-hill every day." this strange impulsiveness*. The " Well," said his duller fellow®, their showman’s fancy was busy with the eyes beginning to sparkle with greed, punishment he would inflict when lie " what then, Bec de Lievre ?"	the boy home to his miserable
"If we take him home again, bon- room He gloated in anticipation over est market porters whv should we not the tortures he would contrive, and be rewarded ? Eh my bullv boys f” the rare he would take that they "That is a bright idea," said one. ! should not maim or disfigure the boy.
So said another. The rust nodded. When he had him tied down and the " Ask him where he Uvea when he is door locked and the poker heated—ah I at home."	how he w ould enjoy himselfl The ruf-
They did. But Jehan remained flan licked his Mpe. His eyes aparkl-" Twist his arm!" said the last apeak- ed with pleasure. He Jerked the boy He will soon tell you. Or stick along ins his hideous Impatience our finger In his eye again. Blest But after a time the child e beaiin _J I don’t think the kid le dumb !" the began to annoy him He stopped, an man continued gazing with astonish- holding him; with one hmd. beat, him meat nt the bôv s dull face and lack- brutally on the head with the other, luster eyes.	until the boy fell and bung m his
" ! think 1 shall find a tongue for gmsp. Then he dragged him up
h m * the	former operator replied, with	roughly and; hauled bun un with	vol-
1	Here sonny, answer before	leys of oat he, still scowling at	him
hurt, will you? Where do you from time to time, as if, he found
this little foretaste of vengeance less
But Je han remained silent. The ruf- satisfying than, he had expected, fian raised his hand, in another mo- There were people votomg and going	PHAPTFR IX
ment it would have fallen, but in the in the dark, filthy lane where this
nick of time caraj an interruption happened—a place w here sniuke-gi mv Since the poisoning of (the Prince ' Nom de mu mere I ” some one clu e ed gables almost mot overhead, and of fonde, by Is servant, Brillant, at it hand cried, in a voice of astonish- the gutter was choked, with refuse— the instigation—as was alleged and It is my Jehan 1"	but no one interfered. What was commonly believed—ot Madame la
Two of the part v In possession turn- a little beating more or less.' Or, for Princess, no tragedy of the kind had ed savagely on the intruder—a	mid-	the matter of	that, what was a boy	caused a greater sensation	in Paris,
dl e-si zed man wit h foxy eyes,	and n	more or less I	The bulky loafers and	or been the subject of more	talk, than
half-etarved ape on his shoulder. ho frowsy slatterns* who huddled for the murder of M. de Vidoche. There-asked you to speak?" snarled one warmth in corners, nodded their beads markable circumstances which attend" Be gone	about your business, my fine	and looked on approvingly. They	had	ed	It,	and	which,	lost	nothing	in	the
fellow, or	I shall be making a hole in	their own brats to beat and busi- ;	narration,	its	immediate	discovery, j .	.
you !" cried another.	ness to mind.	There was no one to	the apparent lack of motive, and the	v.	ZXM	tat kit
" But he In my hoy!" the	new-	take the hoy s part. And another .	wealth, rank, and youth ot.	the guilty t u OMEN	Ob 1th AD	iadi	, ,
corner answered fairly, trembling with hundred yards would lodge him in wife, all helped, with; the fullness of , yet timid nature, who would ne\ er joy and astonishment "He is my thn showman's garret.	Paris at this time, and the absence of have been heard of without them
hoy !"	At that last moment the boy awoke any stirring political news, to make It is not alone in organized ¦ocieu,,s
"Your boy?" cried Bec de Lievre	from his trance	and understood; and	a the topic of interest. Nothing	else	and public charities, in all directions,
in a tone of contempt. ' ^ ou look	j a convulsion	of fear hung back	was talked, of in chamber oj tennis	that women are showing their tender
like It, don't you ? You look an if you	and struggled, screaming and throw-	court, In the Grand Gallery at	the	interest in each1 other. Perhaps t he
dined on gold plate every day and bin himself down. The man dragged Louvre, or In the cardinal's ante-room greatest wonder of the age is Helen a Rohan to your cup-bearer, you do. Lim* Uj» savagely, and was in the act at the Palais Riichelieu. Culprit and Kellar, and it was a devoted womans Go along, man ; don’t try to barabooz s 0f tubing b*m up bodily to carry victim were alike well known. M. de private care and training that made us, or it will hs the worse for y°u him, w hen a person, who had already Vidoche, if no favorite, had been at her possible, and from the New ^ or k And with an angry scowl he turned p;,saej the pah" inve. came back and least a conspicuous figure in society. Institute for the afflicted comes the to his victim.	| looked at the boy again. The next He had been cast for one of IJhe parts story of another unfortunate blind
But the showman, though he v l<t moment a hand lell on the showmans in the* royal troupe at tihe Christmas girl, Matt Moorehouse, guided into a coward, warn no* to he p it d '.vn so Rrm and a voice said; "Stop! What carnival. His flirtation with Mlle, de the land where it is always sunshine ensilv. "It it the boy who i»	buy is that?	Farmoourt had been sufficiently mark- and song through the devotion of the
boozi ng you he said.	J1 ® The show man looked up, saw that ed to cause both, amusement and in- “Friend Mary," who became eyes for
h-m for a swell. It is only his s m	the intervener	was a priest, jand	tereet. And it madame was a	less	her and taught her a thousand cherry
dress he has nn,„8Ueered "What	ia that to you. fath-	familiar figure, at court, if she	had	arts from crocheting fine lace to
hoy I tell you. He c\rc ed tn I eri” he said, trying by aside move- a reputation somewhat prudish, and turning out hymns on the typewriter
SP;?™- =s::r ¦ss
True they stood out for a while for a aniU. rare at that time, this man she will be punished. But she shall	comprehensible or mrompre-
’	1	B ¦	«	| made it his life work to attend on all have a little peace to-day."	hensible, have drawn special women,
who were cast for execution.;, to wait But the gre.it world, baffled on this 1'ke special men, together In the on theml in prison, and be with them	point,	grew, only	the	more curious,	mystic	bonds of friendship since time
Fve<v hand	shook	ns	at the laet« and bJ hls presence and	circulated stories	only	the more out-	began.	But it is nothing whatever
he laid It on the child’s collar and words.	t0 alleviate their rageous, and nodded and winked and of this sort that the present
turned him round so that	he might „ sufferings here, fand bring them to a	whispered only, the more assiduously,	setting of the	feminine heart in	thn
his face the better Ben	de Lievre	better	mind. He bed become so well	Would she	be put to the question?	direction of her own sex Implies
discerned the man’s excitement, and ! |™wn io /his course of work that And by- the rack, or the boot, or the is simply toward woman as woman he	looked at	him curiously "You	the king timaelf did. him honor, and ; water	torture? And	who was the	that her thought is turned. It is
mu«P	be very	fond of the	lad"	he	fhe cardinal, granted him special	m;,n?	Of course	there was aman,	to that	deep and awful soul of woman
h	'	rights; the mob also. The priest Now, If it had been, M. de Vidoche who which Baudelaire has called the most
The showman's eyes glittered fero-	unharmed through the lowest had poisoned her, that would have terrible and pathetic thing in thennl
olously. "So fond of him," he said, In	w>nd9	and penetrated habi-	been plain,	Intelligible, perspicuous:	verse, that her	own soul goes out, and.
a mooting tone, " that when	I get him	dually	to places where the lieuten-	since every	one knew—ami so on, and	in so doing,
home I shall—oh, I shall not hurt his | anf of tbe Châtelet, with «doses so on. with Mlle de Farincourt'e name***^B^g^J*^***gJ*J| tine clothes, or hls faoe. or Ms little Fikefl at hls back, would not have been at intervals.
brown hands, for those all show, and 8,£e *or 8 moment, they are worth money to me. But I This was the man whose «torn voice shall—I shall put a poker In the fire brought the wbowmnn to a stand-•nd then Master Jehan will take off «till. Master Crafty Eyes faltered.
Ms new clothes so that they may not Then he remembered that the boy was he singed and—I shall teach Mm sev- hia boy, that his title to him was good, oral new tricks with the poker I" He mald so sulkily "You are s queer one," the other Your boy? answered. "I’ll be shot If you don’t frowning "Who look like • man with a good dinner before him r*	•
" That is the man I am," the show-answered, « hideous smile distorting his fsre. " I have gone without dinner or supper many a day bees nee my little friend here chose to away pne fine night, when he was tfce peint ei masking my fortune.
__________ _____ gathering round,
glared at the boy hungrily. In tin* middle of the Forest of Bo ml y he could not have been more at their mercy than he was In this quiet corner of the market, where u velvet coat with
Ivor but tone was es rare	WÊM
a piece of the true crons | three houseless wretches looked from their frowny lairs under stalls, but no one dreamed of interfering with the men in possession. As for the boy, he gazed at hi a captura stolidly; he was white, mute, ap.ithe-
y
tic
HOUSES FOK LONDON POOR
foanh loswrll KrevlUci Trncnicnl* With Kooiiih al SI Ci'Hli n Wrek-CsUI e»lh*
In» Oui».
ho-
ler."
One of the grandest enterprise» for the benefit of the poor of this city will be dedicated to them in the squalid Shoreditch district on Saturday
a London letter
Clubs
And yet the work went on followed clutks and federations of clubs
made the agony thicker. The International Council, at London, came on
The
, next, eays have County Council ha a built 113 blocks of
comprising 1,100
whom ancient
apace, and women custom a®d prejudice might
crushed, or sorrow silenced, were home model dwellings
of tenements, and they are to be thrown
The un-
on their sister s arms to places
which neither a ©i*n to the use of the poor
J. Abbott deitaking is known as tbs Boundary can steal away from them. Yet no- B; reel Mutate.
thing, that they have yet achieved or The «ork began ten years ago It
EE'EiB3:Eî;5 ErI;r°rl£E:
in each others' advancement, ^hnh ^or tbe rPSl „( the oity, into a district tb<) vel* ,Lr#l	of t ie.uou, au-
their work unfold». Of «ourse there .	tb#	would have some cording to Bibioal chronology, and had
ST«rS :=	.....— -
charms are false, your amiability as- The tenements, which will be oiwrat- ^ould only now lit within a moasur
ESEHHE
least likely to give you awmy to the	terest,	will be let	either as single	^ consider	that the output of ail
modern public. But fortunately th*re	room9	f5r cents a	week, in seta of	(j)*** centuries represent» a block of
are other*, who know from sweet rx- twy rooiui f0r #1.&2 to a week, loiid coal large enough to cover the peri* nee, that there w nothing more t)irfle ronU1M (or g 1.70 to 02.^8 or four whole of England to a depth of alight-generous, whole-souled and spontané- i rtK,ms ,lt froul g^.10 to 0-. Work- ly over 4 feet.
than the manner in which a com- , b^Vi-s xuu i,,t at from 84 coûta to 01.56 if we limit our area to the bound-pan y of true witnen will leap UP 'Ma week each-	uries of Loudon, 74,67il acres,our solid
recognize anything of the least real There will be baths in the dwell- block of coal would rise as high us the merit that one of their number may	£Uj$g	Void hatha will coat the ten-	loftiest point	of Dartmoor, Cawsand
accomplish and speed her on her way	aul8	two Cent8 and	hot baths four	Beacon, four	times as high as the
I to something better. And thin un- ; :eUi8i There will be well-appointed groat Pyramid, and almost six time» ; questionably is the secret of the power 8t,.HIU laundries, too, with wringing as high as St. Paul's Cathedral, which clulls have h;ud n> bringing to ni,,oii.n*?a. mangle», iron stows and From this block of coal, which is
\\ omen
power and honor Frances Low or a Lypiau
er
5

a leer
É
ou are
ive r
ou*
ment
legacy to coming generations, we will pay for the use of the laundry could fashion one stupendous column the moderate sum of three cents an rising as high as Mount .Everest, the hour.	loftiest peak in the world, and with
One blin k has been furnished with a base three and a half miles long and bat bs in the proportion of one to each over two miles wide. On the top of four of the tenants.	our coal-column we could find room
foi
and comfortable standing room for all the inhabitants of the United Kingdom and the United States AH the railway systems of world would be miserably inadequate for the transport of our reserve of coal, which would be sufficient to fill
the world no fewer We should, in fact,
boiling water for elaroh
our
¦
CIRCULAR PARK
The dwellings are built around a circular puls, in the centre of which there will be a band-stand. L estate are two public schools, church school and two churches, one of which is built over a common lodging house. There is a club on the	. ,
route for the lenuntry. It is con-	LJÎ J; J?„
itucteii on temperance Lee and has than M^Jg“ion „„ fewer than 20,.
mmwm
era 171-2 acres. In two common lodg- years, to travel Lis own length, ing houses, which have been removed, Merely to have compassed ns ÜVSQ 13!$ persons were found to be tiring, length by now It would have been ncoin 752 single rooms were 2.118 persons gesary to start it on its journey in and 22t»5 in 606 two-room tenements. the far-away days of ‘ Good Uueeu
They were the poorest unskilled laborers. Besides button-makers, hose-makers, charwomen and washerwomen were many bad characters. In one small street alone lived twenty tickets of leave men.
They were transferred to other districts, their new homes being inspect- total of __
ed by the officers of the 0>unty Coun- Pod led around the earth on f tit. Most are artisans of the better lines, we could girdle the Equator w class—policemen, postmen and a few a belt of coal trains nearly seven nu clergymen, sohoolm ers and church in width workers.
The total cost of the reconstruction of the district is placed at about 81,026,000. The city will get 31-2 per cent, interest on this, and a sinking fund will be provided that will pay off the capital coat in 60 years. Thirteen Liquor licenses on the grounds have been cancelled, and no public houses will he allowed on the estate.
On the
the
one
And yet, It has
Bess.”	.	.	,	, „
If we cut up our train into shorter
lengths and content ourselves with individual trains long enough to connect Charing Cross with the moon, we should have a separate lunar train for every day of eleven inths, or ¦
there have always been

’> trains
women, Mme de Reoamier, and
rallel
i :
remarkable than 1 he
coal is its
Almost more
quantity of our reserve ¦ value. Taking only the value at the
lying hidden in the coalbeds of Great
Britain and Ireland; so that United Kingdom holds in her( darjj cellars 4 2-3 times as much wealth, in coal alone, as she boasts on the surface. If it were possible to divide this
treasure equally among oil	*
habitants of the United King Jim to-there would he the confot cable al-of £1,380 for each man, we-
higher price ; but the bargain was eventually struck at a crown and a livre, and the
SOUNDS HEARD IN A BALLOON.
Mr. J. M. Bacon, the Englishman,
who with his daughter made a lofty
balloon ascent to observe the meteor
last November, tells some interesting things about the sounds that reached their ears. At the height of 5,000feet the ringing of horsesU feet on a hard road could be heard. At 4,000 feet the splashing sound made by ducks in l*>nri fwiiB audible. The barking <xf dogs and th*1 crowing heard, at 7,000 or 8, sounds penetrated through a white floor of cloud which hid the earth from sight. In the perfect silence of the air around the balloon they were startled by what seemed stealthy footsteps close at hand. Investigation showed that this sound was caused by the stretching of the ropes and the yielding of the silk as the ballooa tinued to expand.
boy handed over
day
mTheavalue of our coal is, in faot, 1 equal to 16s. out of every pound of W entire wealth of the world; end the f gold that would purchase our coal would twice out-weigb the entire
population of London.
If we place these 440,000 tons of sovereigns in truck, each truck contain-^ ing ten tons of gold, we should require for its transport a train long enougl to eonnect Eus ton Station with theater; while we might with our ereigns pave every square inch of Hyde Park every day for seven eeo days, and still have many acres ot
gold to spareF ™ 1	-	,	„ .
XVlth the very interest of our cosj
gold. Invented at 3 per cent, we could
ne y for ever the whole coet of gov.
ernlng the world and the food-bill of ^
every family In Great Britain and tre- ].
It
•en

a

of cocks could be 000 feet. These
CHANGES THE WHOLE CURRENT
of her thought and being.
Mme. Jerome Bonaparte declared that all the women of her day had the "man mania." Some short-sighted individuals think they have it still. Rut be who commands the outlook can see that its day is done, and that the woman mania has taken the field. It is all very well for club presidents and orators to call so loudly and sweetly to their brothers that their lively interest in each other in no way diminishes their tender regard for them ; but you can watch for yourself where the men come In in the case and draw your own conclusions.*
It is all very well for the gentle Countess of Aberdeen to t*y to call a
To Be Continued
SPOILED THE SURPRISE.
Amiable Hostess—Well, now you are here I hope you will stay to lunch with me.
Gushing Visitor—Oh, thank you so much dear Mrs. Browne. If we may. To daughter. There, Vera, won’t that tone?"	be delightful. Such a pleasant sur-
stolen from me," the show- prise for y oui man answered, eagerly. He had Beverley Truthful Child—Not a sur-good conscience as to the clothes. ^1 prised mother. You. know you said nave only just recovered hhn, father." Mrs. Brown must ask us to lunch if "Who stole hferf Where has he | we only stopped
the priest replied, are you*"
"An acrobat, father."
"So I thought. But do acrobate boys wear black velvet clothes with sliver
con-
land
A COUNTER BLOW.
1 believe you only, married toe for my money, he remarked bitterly.
Well, y oui took good cere to make the money, one of t&e leading Items •o your proposal.
Z
man
"Ha
Never CAj off until to-morrow the man who&lera to lend you money t*
day.
run
W


1


###PAGE###3###




Æ

*
flfrnight or bias and any Ico/th. One pound is usual!/ enougk 1Ar yard oî i he port ere
dark colors ma/ be used, us fh#y
and as /ou will doubt loss hav a a lot ut faded ribbon and while or very light colored si lit, I he/ may be wished, and dyed various eh.ides of rid, blue, yellow, green, lavender, pink or vlo-lei, and will furnish the touch of bright ness I h it is needed. < "hooey* the colors that will harmonize best with l hit d ii k pieces tint you b*ve. Many portieres are made with a wide gtripe of Borne plain dark color at the bottom, on<l the remainder in hit or miss Btyle. Or if the curtain is of dull colors, the border may be brighter, but ovoid sharp contrasts, or anything that will give it a glaring effect. Any k nd of silk material may be used. As i h'* weave! s' ih'rges a re moderate the portieres are not expensive and they do not have a "homemade" look, but re. omble rich Oriental fabrics.
a piece that lui a bees under cultiva^ tlvn.
sandy loam. It should hare a gradual slope tu the south that the sun s ray» muy strike it more direct and also lie sheltered in u measure from the cool north winds
and It is estimated that they will spend about |J0,<X)U,WX) in five years Another feature of these enterprises is the cash basis on which (hey have been launched. The railway has not been bonded, nor has it been helped by the promiscuous sale of share capi-All the other enterprises or other features of the giant enter-
should lie done in Sept, of the year pre- prise have been established in the The secret of making a black, moist
vious, and to the greatest depth poe- Ham« w»y. and	delicious fruit cake lies, nut so much
?il,k- 88	Und suffer» much THE ADVANCE OK BONDS	,b ingmJienls used aB in the man-
cords per acre and thoroughly worked	resources of the district. The lesson	ture should be most thorough, many
into tlie soil to Its full depth causes	impressed by this development is the	of the confectioners and best cake
the plants to send their roots deep great value cjtf our natural resources maker» kneading it with their hands
istsiusri?.«ftr***'* ixr;r,s »  ........................................- *	**
Deep cross plowing and harrowing	in the forest, in mineral deposits, in	i“S ibe baking must be continued
after the manure has been spread	the wasted energy of great waterfalls,	for five hours at the least at so mud-
thoroughly raise* the manure and soil	or even in agricultural land, it is cer-	erita bpatf ^at at the end of that
:r iSTb.tmr	•.<«.»;: *»- -• -- -....-«•« “m
amount of labor. The rows should	make such development remunerative,	sible, and yet firm enough to no
run north and south if the lay of the	A large industrial population will	togs that. No cake will he of the proland will warrant it. Hills near to-	soon be gathered at timult 8te. Marie	p4r c<J|or or quably if too rapidly bak-
KSr'iï.snï? ssz	- -» »»-......« •*»—	«*-».........
It y for bo ran cultivation. Frequent |	binai ion uf eut< ijjriaea ibat ara de-	used. A Boston woman famous lor yolks; two raw yolks, two teaspoon-
From seven single stalks | cultivation makes the crops grow fast ;	voicing (hem. These investors have	her wedding cake, which nets her near- fuis of mustard, one sa It spoon cayenne
where they had good distance I have and in a dry season is good irrigation, not come forward with a request for a (juuar pound, always miles pepper, teaspoonful of salt, two ounces
grown a ha‘f bushel of potatces, but 2riïn%Tlbelew"ij on ls%r	«K»	*rgj!''ViThuTdd™.	cake lbe *•, before It .. to be of butter, one half tea cup of ollv.
IU«jio were what are known as fall po-	tu	lt in tbo iieal o£ llie seemed to favor an export duty on baked, and then sets it away in the oil, two tablespoonfuls of vinegar ; min
la toes, the seed having been planted (ju^e	pu Ip wood as a means of securing re- ice ohesl to “ripen.’* The true fruit the boiled yolks, mustard, pepper, salt,
essüs.fïSüJr.K1'Stssss -....................—»...........- sposis™ •*<*•	e».a*ssesss isss^Jssfj-
be moat profitable.	•marl#-The «aeeraelere of ereend	in the yellow rind of a lemon, and	, a
t	I	lVnn« nulv Urn fnrmir <m 1 wl*h to emphasize the necessity for Pelt» from Spreee-Making Wlekel Sleel Hew I’ansengen on Mhl„t>o«rd Am.se break illt0 the mixture ten eggs, one	na a a to me sawn.	H ^
in war simui tansLUsiy, vue tonner thinning to one stalk. Whet her test- -Materiel* Fr.Miurrd in Use IMuirlcs-	Tliemni lve*.	by one, beating vigorously between (Hazed Sweet Potatoes—Pare four
the border ot Asia and the latter in ^ on earjy or late p|antod, I have Million» #r Ddlnn Sp.ni In Urn In. A writer in Travel, speaking of the each egg, Mix together, half a cup- Hweet potatoes and out in half lengths Afrioe, I» an event of evil portent for never known it to fall to materially	dnsiry uf sa.is sir. n ri	i	monotony of	life on	shipboard, names	ful of molasses, a tea.spoonful of cin-
the coming age. But both the Ger-	+ \êtlaNous writZ of the	Th# varied riohneaa and *reat ex*	!	Bomo uf 1 he	rtporta	wbloh ,ind fav®r	?wo rf’guïi» 'arTba?/ a gfated nuU	Just done. Take one half cup hot	water,
man statesman and the imiisn	day on potato culture pass	the matter	tent of	Ontario’s natural resources	there. Tbo obstacle race is generally	^eg, and add to the batter, together	one fourth cup sugar, and one fourth
journal would take a less gloomy view	by, from which 1 infer	that they	have been muet interestingly demon-	the first diversion to be thought of,	with a pound oi pastry flour that has	cup butter, blend together, put % lit*
of the present time if they should have never tested this simple mode of etrated by Mr. F. H. Clergue in an and demands from the gentlemen who been sifted several times >	1 n Mein a granite ware pan, lay t he sweet
fUnee back it IS condition* which	addreM blf»re the Toronto Board of take part in It no mean profioienof In }*-g	wMcbehW^tm read! ^aWlth'Vhe" le.t' Tib" *!a«
prevailed a hundred years ago. Not surplus stalks may have prevented the	^rade' 8ajr> tbe ulobe- 1,18 en,er"	gymnastiee.	Iness before beginning the mixing of	brown In the oven, basting frequently,
only were the two nations named, eiu ad.iption of the plan, but if one stalk	prises with which Mr. Clergue is con-	They may	start from the port side	the cake. The relative proportions o£J	Muet be watched, us it burns	easily
gaged In war a century ago, but many will produce more potatoes than three nected, and which promise soon to of ihe quarter-deck, and	80 fruit used, may be varied to suit
•thcr countrlaa ware alao tnrolv.d in ^iThrow	build u“ * P°Puloua <*ntre of in- gJJJJ X^elv.a™ feït “ fo°remu“t, ei^iUli Vo/* wo pou“ .'well dean.d qmrta nch milk, one cup augir. on.
hostilities In some part of the world.	byT0 f0UU(j an ac£uttj ^t that the	du3tr7	at ^ult Ste. Marie, could	through a susiw-nded life-buoy, then	currants, two pounds of Sultana rais-	half box gelatine, four eggs, vanilla
England and France ware having a life	sprouts pulled off can be	advantage-	scarcely	have developed in any other	go hand over hand up to the bridge,	|ni| two pounds seeded Malagas, one	to tafl(e £)jago|ve the gelatine in the
and death grapple at that time ously set out; they produced fine pota- purt of the continent, and it would lun a,crof? ,bttt down the 8» nil- pound citron cut in thin shoes,, » milk ; add the yolks and sugar, let It
lhi"ugb tb» ambition, or th. euppo.ed	:?u'i	w "laggeratlon lo question	mu^t .cramble, on bsLda and knee.	'JhrJddedf'^nd orn^giH eaeh Arandy	whlr’“woT‘add^wtitV'o™ th*
.mbitlon, of Bonaparte to bring the Wh<n tbu potatoes are not planted	,ile l**,slblllty of such 8 development	under a hammock-netting lashed	and Jamaica rum Knead again for ten eggH_ „to	Pour	into	mold,
whole of Europe under bis nvoy, and on clover or pea sod, it/ will be neoea- in any on her [part of the world. The down on the deck.	or fifteen minutea, and pour into cake	Cake-Separate the w bilea
tlcipaUd In that conflict at one time phosphoric acid and eight ueroent of Püwer“Using industries. Ttw inven- above the dwk, up which they must body of fire in the stove before put- ^,,4 o£ f|uUr.	the sugar and
and another.	potash, of which from 700 to 1000 tlon of electrical transmission has climb, over the tope an 1 do.> n ’ b« ting the ceke in. so that it need not egg yolks together until creamy, add
». P— —SSZEEs-SiB	sESEE-EfirE
a striking illustration of th* march of Uutil9u in<i 251) to Slin ixninda nf cotton 8‘«ng to waste at the outlet of Lake through which they must craw., like oven seems too hot, deaden with a pan egg„ anr| the flour. Beat thoroughly prc.r.w in	uf.	andb.k.lnamaBum.v.n.
M.mi io see nothing but retrogr.a- In «J Mi.,1.be <*rtiluur^ought o be	number uf American investors. The	qaarter-deck, about eight feet high,	lci i£ de9ired, roll in paraffine „a-
•ion. A little o'er 00 years ago Prus- . • ^ “xoa Wlia tne 8011 DeIore	nectusary works were constructed for	mUdt bo got over in some fashion. And	^ and cover closely in a thin box
•la engaged with Austria and Russia	e*	.	the development of water-power, but all thin is not even so easy as it reads. or Htone jar. This cake will keep inIn three division, of Poland which ef. STAKTLNU THE TURKEY CHOP.	of for. to lease factory sites and sup-	n Jh®o ^^ " ng ' ‘îs p rLuctlve^t gr^at	1 definllel)r' 88 ag,) do63 " not 8laie "
laced that hapl... nation from the Turkeys hatched in April and May	M Fower produced no satisfactory	amuseraent
:: z j: = "if™ « t SHLæH =i
°rller part of the present century, common domestic ben. and the turkey l8d «be water-power company to cast work' ^ul n 8um ia simple addition
-	S S|
and n iw t*i a h.t»	v I14- w 1 plan, as the common hen makes a C lergue regards as constituting only (jozen times, then hop around the
ranks in internatioal criminality with |poor mother for th	turkeys 1	centj 0n,lart°a l?TetJX quarter-deck on the i>ort side, where
uwin. *. their di^L	^ j %%	iTw^ [heyjind .gentieman provided with
active. Turkeys were expressly decided to utilize the power lu the Th v mu8t-wait while their partner designed to take car® of their off-	manufacture of ground pulp from	adju8;3 the belt in a secure manner,
spring and they know how to do this	epruce. The mill, started on a small	Tiwn lhey run to the goal together,
part cxf their work to perfection.	scale, was increased to a capacity of It not infrequently happens that the
u.... u~.... »	wzrj&iZwar ÿs;	"
tion of the surfs in Russia. The dark	first	£4 hours after they are hatched	lion of new machinery, and for that*
continent of Africa ( has been	they	require no food, but should then	purpose a foundry and machine shop
opened up to civilization. Prus. removed tro<* «be nest to a clean, wjsre built. Tb. next enterprise wag ,	r	...	roomy coop and given their first meal ! the manufacture of sulphide pulp, of
sia has gained a constitution o£	tieed; after that, feed them the fibrous grade, necessary for paper-
in this half century, the first for the first few weeks with stale makiing. The cost of bringing sul-l ¦	¦	¦	¦	¦
which it ever possessed. The German	bread moistened with milk, and some	l>hur and other necessary chemicals to	houses,	his	dress—say.	his	cravat	oi
nrwUr th« Itv.dHrnhiD Prus-	milk	curd in connection with the	the pulp mills were made to induce	shirt	collar—had become slightly	difcar-
e w •	6	P	millet seed. Cooked rice and oulmuai	managers Of the nickel mines of ranged on a hot evening, and Count
sia, have been "«Med mtu a gieat i(J also excenent food for them while Sudbury to save the sulphur which d'Orsay laughingly called hi* attention m	nf	iAdipa. Oioth
nation. Italy, which was onty a geo- young; their feed should be seasoned JJft8 rcwste«l in the roasting proceaa. to eircnmstance as we rose from cuf w:tL rounded tab fronts
— “ — EHHSF'--;;pF;'FFFsF F-™EE‘E11 b""
pert chemists, who devised a scheme I thank you I My dear Count d Ormay, Revers and col ar may be faced for saving the sulphur formerly wast- ; I thank yon from my soul for pointing P^jj^ Uwd1 ard^ut in 34
86 and 3k inches, bust measure. Price,
10 cents.
kféêit éééfi "vWWW lUWJWHÿ
Notes and Comments.
«qua re Ttoe fclarlr «ud
Til» soil should be preferably a
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
HOUSEHOLD.
A r*Aitrkahle IbiK.ance of mental obliquity In oornpajrtag the present with the peat is Been in a •peecfc just delivered by the Chancellor 9t the German Empire, Prince
Hobenlohe
Berlin to commemorate the flMHh anniversary df the founding of the Royal Academy utf Science that statesman remarked that he had grown old in the belief of the progrès* of humanity, but that in recent time* hie confidence os thi* point has been shaken. •‘The indispensable ball;j for life, be declares, “bas of late a*aumed ao fierce and coarse a form that we are reminded <xf the wild and funtlitic teles of animal life in the anledilu-
OULTUJIB or POTATOES.
A well-rotted clover sod Is considered best for potatoes writes Mr. Bryan Tyson. A pea sod Is doubtless also good. In either case the eoif ati seeding time should be properly fertilized with n view of producing a rank growth of clover or pens, as the case may be.
From actual experience 1 differ with must writer* on the subject as to a proper distance for planting licvn that drill* three feet apart and single planta 18 inches In the drill is plenty thick, especially If the soil be properly fertilized. Distance under proper conditions will invariably in-
fill
WEDDING CAKE
The first plowing
At a banquet held In
I be-
Instead of progress, ret-
rtan ages rogreasion seems to mark the beginning od? the twentieth century.'1 This Is a plaint with whioh the world has grown familiar in the few centuries, but it is unusual to find it uttered by
SOME TRIED RECIPES
creuse the quantity and qualify of the potatoes
a statesman of the ability and sanity etf the present German Chencollor.,
Probably Prince Hohenlohe's doleful view of present tendencies has been largely Incited by the wars which have recently taken place or are now under An English newspaper has just
i
way.
•aid that the spectacle at the dawn of a new century of the two most enlightened nations In the world, the United States and Great Britain, being
wise; boil in hot salted water until
Russian Cream—One and one half
THE RRJCIIEST WOMAN
The men who are mui'i-uMlllonalreg may be counted by the hundreds, the
not so numerous, but there
Starting amidships,
women aie are at least twenty who are "rich, beyond the dreams of avarice.”
The richest woman in the world is
P
but

a Chilian lady, Senura Condoo, who runs a close race with Mr. John D. Rockefeller for the position of the wealthiest of all living millionaires. The Seuora is said to be worth $1,200,-0UU.UU0, so that she might give away or ^peiid her own w'eight in guld every day for tha next fifteen years wi thou: exhausting her cap.tal, and find that at the endi oi this period of pro-djgilny her accumulated interest still leu her the richest wuin/un the world

JÜ
X

x
the partition ai Poland. Within the last hell of the century whieh Is soon to elowe there has been a manumission of the slaves in the United States and in all the other nations which had
x
X
X
I


I.endor'e Ciavnt.
has ever known.
Every morning the Senuna awakes ti find herself |10,Ul>0 richer than wbei bhe retire» to rest
At a friendly dinner at Gore Home, when it was the most delightful of
SenoFâ Cons.m^ who is a widow, i& as generous as ans
is rioE, And Spends her money lavishly in hospitality and charity. She I» mistress of Lands vast enough to form a kingdom, uf imue-i of silver rich, enough to support it, anil her fleet* carry her merchandise* in;o all seas.
Seuora Cousino'» nearesi rival of her own sex is Mrs Hetty Green, of' New York, whose wealth is almost less famous than her parsimony and eccentricity. Mrs. Green, who is in the sixties, is many years older than her Chilian rival, and, unlike her, is far from beeutilul. The ueucleus of fortune was inherited, but she hifl added to it vastly by her own business! acumen and thrift. Every year, it I» said, she adds a million to her capital.
She manage# her vast estate alone, and rarely mpenas less than twelve hour» a day in her office, conducting her invest mauls with a skill and foresight which are the envy of Wall Street. Although her daily income, apart from growth ot investments, i» nearly $10,000, Hetty will haggle over the price of a bee is Leak more keenly than any laborer's wife, and frequently walk < between her boarÿie^. house and he office to save tjle car f a re
Between Hetty Green and Abe lady who ranks third among women millionaires there is a great difference in finances. The Marquise de Roda, however, ia dowered with exceptional beauty as well as with $20,000,1)00, and may thus count herself luckier than her richer rivals. When the Marquise wap but a girl mf fifteen in a convent school in Guatemala her beauty and wealth attracted the admiration of Genera) Barrios, the President, who married her in spite of the greatest opposition from her family and the Mother Superior of the Convent. When Barrio# was assassinated his widow married the Marquis de Rod*. a wealthy Spanish nobleman.
Each
Metternich’s time, has been transformed into one of the great powers of the earth
years man has made greater advancement politically and socially than he did in all the previous age» of the world.
acket.
with
In the past 100 or 125
IMPORTANT POINT*
out to me the abominable condition to which I em reduced I If 1 had entered was the purchase of an ore deposit for the drawing room and presented myself $100,000, and the development uf a before Lady Bleesington in so abenrd a mine, the ore being roasted and the light, I would instantly have gone sulphur saved for use at the pulp hfim, { „ p|,tol to my head and mills. There were still some by-products to utilize and some chemicals to obtain, and the ore was found to contain a combination of nickel suit-
-*¦>. zz'zz. tiss
great stomach	capacity, in order that	contain copper, and to separate It a	Just	talking	say your affairs	were	mis-
ject of to* experiments was a man	who	sh* may have	room in her digestive	refining plant was established with	managed?”	asked	Mr.	Meekton’s	wife
W4££4sii
Unexpectedly, after drinking wine, he , 4* f nR . y ,?	,	, four his associates had confidence in the my affaire were mismanaged! He said
KTSS^st Sïwrr-ï	r*r
broeo administered alcohol to him in	***[ po ” Ls	he milk Veina a“d	e<t (heir confidence to have been wise
carefully measured quantities,	and	weli8, in^ mi. * vein:* maY lw either	]y placed. They found a deposit of
discovered that after ho had drunk a	n but	iron ore containing several million Major Rosg sajtl ,u fl rH:PUt lecture
gis£æC SsS
his mind when the effect of the alco- lHUt>	conforma ion deter- railway, the Algomu Central, to Michi- n°t kill so quickly, but It killed far
hoi had passed off. *	,	mines the capacity for carrying the picot en, some 200 miles in all. It is more people. In India It killed about
udder. éL/iü # * thin' aa *ar intended to have this line completed 5,000,000 people a year. It was also ir‘r™. , otyp® ff possible, in two years. The possibilities of this e politically Important disease, because
tto io^de or"wi,t ThhCconLr‘ht.,OD """initio. °f	It d,.ck.d th. p,o,r„. of civilization
You look awful sick, old man. I'll give* abundant room for udder devel"	MOKBLL AND IRON	in districts the richest le the world,
telephone out to your house	that	you	opinant. The escutcheon test is not	have been brought to the attention of	billing more of the English	army than
are coming home early.	necessarily a true indication, but it is	Kruyp firm, and a market with	w#re ^u)e4	by the enemy.
Oh, nol Don't let my wife know. desirable and should be noted The tbe famoius gunmakers is assured. ***¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦ But why not?	length of the tails cults no important	u,iliae aom* of by-products and to
She his been trying to get	me home	figure, and th-o man buying a dairv	Procure the alkalis necessary in the	The terra	“ black guardM ls	said	to	be
rly tor a month, to move some furni Cow by such a test would meet with	and reduction works it was «le- drived from a number of dirty and tat
no success. Among the minor tests cided to establish a chemical works, ^red boys whe attend the Horse guards a rich, yellow skin with a thin hid.’ and to undertake the manufacture of pflrnde In St. James'park to black the is usually an indication of a «rood ljleachiu« powder. This important bl<)t9 and ,boea of the soldiers or to do
satisfied that quantity of milk, but this is not an in- tJ,f??,I6t usend in tr^atlngf l°e f any other dirty elfloes. These boys, from
You haven't fallible sign. It should be noted how- |,hlde Pulp 1:h® un.lqU6 feature is thelr oonesaut atteadance about the time
ever, that beat way to make this ta*t lhat a11 lhe8e industries are supplied ^ guard mounting, were nicknamed “the
is to examine the inside of the ear and i)y mater.ial produced in the dist rict.	guards
also the color of the skin on the uddei The oal7 ‘mportant Ingredient not ob	-
uuuer. iained fn Algoina is salt, and that is
x product of southwestern Ontario | The Fat Woman—That living skele-
I'he men associated with Mr. Clerguel f0Q jg a great humorist. Isn't he?
New York and Philadelphia capi-	—m
talists. They -have alreadv spent
some $5,000TOO in developing the vari
industries they have undertaken, 1 d«pvn wut
ed in the nickel ore
The first consideration ia that the dairy cow is a machine for the conversion of food into milk, pect she is the exact opposite of the beef breed and should show angularity, giving evidence that the food which one converts into flesh, the other sends into the udder.
THE NEXT MOVE
In this res.
FOR HOME DECORATION
Many pretty and useful articles are now made for home decoration. Such things should serve some purpose besides being ornamental, and should never be too fine to use. Covers for small tables may be made of common denim, either blue or brown, turning
Stamp a large
blown my brains out "—“Lsndor’s Let leva "
ALCOHOL AND ANARCHY
Prof. Cesare Lombroso recently had an opportunity to test scientifically the effect of alcohol in developing latent criminal tendencies. The sub-
• he Iimleled.
“Did that man to whom you were
severely
"Now, Henrietta, that was simply a ibe llgbl side out
It wasn’t Intended foi scroll design in each corner, and work
it with heavy rope silk in any color that looks well with the material. Fig-"Oh, well. If you Insist; he didn't say ured denim, made for decorative pur-
little aside your ears at pH”— "I Insist!”
Mill
r
poses, can be purchased in any color you wish, and needs no embroidery. Heavy linen, cretonne, and momie cloth are used also, and either of them can be washed without injury to color
Finish the edges with cot-
Il»
(
Malaria** Victime
or fabric
ton fringe of the color that will suit the material best.


Centre-pieces and doilies for the dinner table are made of linen and may be as plain or as elaborate as you wish The edges are finished with hemstitched hems, buttonholed scallops or fringe, the hems being the most durable and quickly made single blossoms, sprays and wreaths are used for ornamentation, but the pieces intended for every day are often left entirely plain save the table cloth so much that their use is a real economy.
Very handsome portieres are made of pieces of at Ik, either new or old, cat in strips, sewed and wound into balls like carpet rags weaver can weave them, using heavy silk for warp, and putting on one-third
threads that would be required for a carpel
one-ihalf an inch in width, being a little wider if the silk is thin, and narrower if It is heavy ; they may be cut


PREFERRED TO SUFFER

Monograms
I
These pieces
e i
lure
THE DREAMS OF AVARICE
Dorothy—Pa, I do wish we were rich.”
Dorothy's Pa—How rich would yon like to be?
Dorothy—Oh, awfully rich; rioA enough to snub people and still be called agreeable.
k
IV WAS A FIST
I thought) you were that palmist was a fake been to see him again?
Yes. and* as soon as he looked at hand he saw trouble m ft.
1
Any carpet
Am Amaalat Freeh.
my
to ono-hulf the number of
So?
SOME GOOD GARDEN PRINCIPLES.
Select a plot of ground that has been
Many a contributor to the world1» I down in grass for a number of years
history doesn’t know the first prlocl- u weeds are less troublesome than in pks <j# are in mar.	1	u “ lu
Yes. I shook It under his nose
Thf strips should average
When a man is willing to admit big ignorance he is beginning soquire wisdom.
ire
The Dog Paced Bey—Yen. he’s got a lot of funny bones.—Kansas City Is-

uus









###PAGE###4###






MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS QrBQtl
. . SHAWVILLE • • -
THE MARKETS.
forçât in the water powers of the Ottawa River and its tributaries which, if utdisbd in manufacturing, milling, production of electrical energy, etc., would add enormously to the national welfare. The provinces of Ontario and Quebec would
then have new fronts, and u great impetus uld be given to the commerce of the northern part of this continent by the opening up of an alternative route between |	\\
the interior and the ocean, which would have so important an influence on freight rates.
An undertaking of this nature ought to appeal to evety Canadian on patriotic grounds. It should have the hearty sup port of every Senator and Member of Parliament, and, in tact, every influential the centre and west of the Domin-—Ottawa Journal.

THE EQUITY.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat. tstnmhmlKit mill. 0 Oats per hu>hel, 1 t > i Pense per hiithrl, tW to Kggh, per dozen, 10*.
Hotter, per pound, It t per pound, is tu
MILLINERY
SHAWVILLE, APRIL 26, 1900.
Do you want The Best ?
;£>. We have Them !
WO
EDITORIAL NOTES.
Opening

001
General White, the gallant defender of L id yam it h, arrived in England lait week, and received a right royal welcome from the people.
Hay. pvv ton : Calfskin t, I"» to Pork, |M*r 100 1! Hi ffp rlo« lb* I >	1
liide>, pel $
Pel
tuto.- O. $.\U0 to fuVVk to |l.Tv.
mils, 4.73to $3.0t
at
i
Premier Marchand, of this Province, and a few friends have gone South for a to recuperate from the worries and fatigues of the session just closed. Well, now ! Why the general impression that they have been resting for the past 3 or 4 years at the ancient capital.
< t
a
SHAWVILLE,
/\pril 13th and 14%
* ?
A large, well-assorted StocÆ of
man in
OTTAWA.
season
ion
Kgg' pei ilozt Putter in prit
1
ONE DOLLAR WHEAT AGAIN
was
to 13
Cl
t -
SintSWheei8d Rigs
A beatiful Display of Stylish New Goods
c, UPRISING
Children’s Hats, Dress Hats (all kinds) Sailors,
Flowers, in all the Chiffons leading and Nets shades.
f armers of World to Form International Trust.
Minot's polis, Minn., April 13.—The Journal says All the farmers of the world in a sort of international trust to restrict the production vf wheat and raise prices, is the plan w hich it is hoped to carry into effect at the International A *
the world to 1 educe the wheat output By | munem; lue lost ^It-a.MresM.l stamped eu-
• - velope. MANAQKK. : * r-ixton h dg., Chicago.
e i.f’M
i

Beef |
Lamb per 11 Mutton pv \ perl Cork, per 1**1 #7.-0 to Hi !. I- 1(*
Oats per bushel, 31 t o t.«i Vot:itov> per hug. 30v.
ill
While the order curtailing the time be* tween landing and slaughter of Canadian cattle shipped to Great Britain was being promulgated, Mr. Fisher, Canadian minister of agriculture, was assuring Parliament that Canadian cattle were in no danger. He seems neither to have learned by the lessons of the past nor paid attention to the happenings of the present. The Canadian cattle trade is in danger.— Montreal Gazette.
tot
$3.00 to #3.50
OF ALL KINDS.
DUST-PROOF HUBS,
ALL WELL FINISHED and STYLISH THROUGHOUT.
20 per cent., and not to sell a bushel for leas than a dollar.	_ _
beSeSIlord velvo,
«ration of the Mississippi \ alley, and the National Grain Growers' Association, is the chief promoter of the International Agricultural Trust in America.
“ Professor G. Ruhland, of the Uuiver sity of Fribourg, Switzerland, is the chief promoter of the plan in Europe.
** The idea was conceived by those two men independently. Mr. Hanley has been interested in many 4 hold your wheat ’ schemes and is prominently asso ciated with the farmers, elevator and var tous co-operative undertakings.”
Goods will be found aw represented and prices right.
CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
SMART & SMITH.
The Rose Government, of Ontario, met with defeat last Thursday on a question raised by one of its own supporters, Mr. German, member for Welland, regarding the appointment of a committee to enquire into a matter which occurred away back in 1871. The Government opposed the motion, which however, was carried by a vote of 4.1 to 30. Premier Rosa did not regard this result as a Government defeat.
28,911
Black Stallion, Foaled Sept. 8,1895.
Dale Bros.
Standard Bred and Registered.
Sired by the Champion and Easiest Trotting Stallion owned in Canada, the great
P. $. All kinds of Farm Implements.
Practical
Tinsmiths
SHAWVILLE
GENEVA, 8,345,
Rav’E Rev3RI>. 2.111
FIRST DAM - VELVETEEN.
Race Record 2.31. registered. See extended pedigree
on card.
2.03.
Trial
?
Standard bred and
Tear off Their Badges.
The Americans more largely than any According to a despatch to the Daily foreign people are taking advantage of Mail from Lorenzo Marques, nearly halt
Germany and Great Britain together haxe Mr. Adelbert S. Hay, l mted Stales i,v}ng royallv bred, this horse i> the hv>t | hut o tiOO The American exhibitors consul, notilied the Trantvaal Govern- type to produte the horse* needed by the
numberue.rlyT,*,,. Tbcirezhibilsoc	the
vupy 330,000 square feet, in 47 distinct ^ despatch from XVarrenton, dated LORI) VKLVO will make a hcahoii, be-
Tuesday, April 17, says “ Finding the ginning M of May, standing a* follows
_____-—	B ers busy making new trenches, we ex	Monday at Bryson,
—The binder twine ploded a few lyddite sheik following	q'uesdav at McGuire’s Hotel, Shaw ville.
when in opposition,	is not to be a help to j ,j,e spot. ”	“ O-	„
them when they go to the country. As There are 2.000 sick in the field hospi Remainder of the week at Bryson.
in the case of barbed wire, the Laurier many cases being of dysentery and
enteric lever.
)
la Patent Express &SS and Buggy Wheels
Are well equipped to supply all the demand* of
THE SPRING AND SUMMER TRADE with a complete stock of nil necessary articles In
\
'm
TIN and AGATEWARE.
7
(Tired or not)
At Bottom Prices.
IVJcDOUCALL and GUINEAS Hardware Stores,
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.

spaces
Orders for Special Articles will receive promt attention. Tin IiooFixo a specialty.
Montreal Gazette
issue, which the present ministers
Service I'Ve -# 10 payable at time of service.
HIGHEST PltlCE PAIL)
tariff has hurt the Canadian manufacturer,
without helping anybody in Canada outside of a specially favored ring. -the importa of binder twine were valued at $227.000 and in 1893 at $818,000 They contributed a good deal toward* that remaikible increase of imports from the United State* which has before been
MCMULLEN’S
POULTRY NETTINGS and LAWN FENCINGS
S. A. MAC KAY, Manager. Bryson, Que
for Calfskins, Sheep Veils and Cowhides.
Mines may go up
In 1895
U. LES B'RF.D NEAR SHAFTS OF MANY
PROPERTIES.
Spring
Season
Are not Surpassed in the World.


Business
Booms
i
London, April 20 —The Times has the following special today :
L ret z • Marques, April
And they did not Live report of thu Munmk's cross-examination
in the Dempsey cafe, which was suppressed by the Boer press, absolutely confirms my previous information that the acting The veteran Conservative leader. Sir I state mining engineer admitted, under
Oh.rlM Tu|ipcr, .a, tendered a b»r.i,u.'
at the Place \ iger note., Montrea., on (]eatructjon 0f the Johannesburg mines, Tuesday night last. Although an inform- and that he di ected his aub jrdinates^o al affair the gathering is reported to have bore holes near the shafts of twenty-five
......- --«=¦ - >"• *""d,7	T'o.2
largely representative of the r rem n	J3urg},er the executive council con-
Canadiuu element of the province, a fact 8jat3 60]eiy 0f President Kruger and %Sec-which is taken as fairly indicative cf the retary Reitz. Even now refugees say
........	''«**'/.......... **£5ÏÏZZ&X3S
Sir Char.es made a master,y , ^ ,, au(j not billed the proposal.
ü “ Mi Wire Fmtiiïs

11).—The full
commented on. the farmer cheap twine
^ have stood over 1Ô yvur> of successful Ù	testing on farm and railway.
SPKc I At. OKFI'HS MAUL THIS Y KAK ON
HOC FENCING.
AT THE PEOPLE’S STORE
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of
MILK PAILS,
MILK PANS, BREAD PANS, DISHES of all Kinds
ALSO A FULL LINE OF
AGATEWARE
Parkman
These Goods are all manufactured by the Ontario Wire Fencing Co., Limited, of Piet on, Ont.
became the public have come to fully realize that good (loom and Moderate Prices are prominent elements in the make-up of this Store,
Having thus established a reputation for doing the square thing by our customers. we intend to keep right along in this groove, at the same time keeping an observant eye to their varied wants in the several lines of merchandize we handle,
sale by the Hardware Merchants and General Dealers throughout Canada. Also by the Canadian Have ware Jobbers.
GEN. AGENTS : The G. Greening Wire Co. of Hamilton and Montrea’.
Agent for Railway Fencing : James Cooper. Montrea!.
Correspondence with Manufacturers invited.
For
was
statesman
speech, in which ho clearly defined the position of the Conservative party upon the leading political issues, and scathing-
A Travelling1 General Agent
Wanted
Bristol Council
. Minutes of special session of the Mu ly denounced the fallacies of the policy j nicipnl Council of the township of Bris
pursued by the Government, which, in t0l convened by special notice being levied
his opinion, if pursued, will make the upon each member of the Board to take
—«*	sssyttisrrss s&
held in the town hall on Tuesday, the 17 th day of April, 1900.
Members present, E. Graham, Mayor;
Smiley, Henderson, Kelly
an inspection of which is invited.

Our stock will always be found fresh, up-to-date and well assorted.
Stoves.
An experienced canvasser, or a man with good character and address, with the necessary ability to travel from town to town and appoint agents. No canvassing. Salary and expenses paid. Position permanent and promotion according to merit.
Limited,
The Georgian Bay Canal
The balance of our stock of Stoves to he cleared out at reduced ligures.
SILAS YOUNG.
It ia understood that a memorial has Councillors, been presented to the Governor-General* and Taber.
ic-Couocil, asking that a Dominion guar- Minutes of last regular session read antee of two and a half per cent, be grant- Moved by conn. Taber, sec ed on furty«üve millions dollars of bonds Henderson, and resolved, that the mm for twenty years—namely, $825,000 per ut-es as read he adopted.
the Montreal, Ottawa and | Moved by conn. Kelly, seconded by
Smili and resolved, that this
Roofing Contracts taken
and estimates furnished.
by coun
CEO. HYNES,
C. t WAIHMAN
annum, un Georgian Day Canal. It may not be inopportune, therefore, to again ize briefly the national advantages which will accrue from the c-instruction of this great work.
In the first place the Ottawa route is the only possible all Canadian route from the Great Lakes to the Atlantic. In Congfcdi at Washington they are asking for a grant of $50,000 to make a survey of the great lakes. They are apprehen-that since the Chicago drainage canal completed, the level of Like Erie and Lake Ontario may be lowered. In the opinion of some Canadian and American engineering experts there possibility that the St. Lawrence Canals |y bo rendered inefficient on account of the lowering of the water. It ia of vital
importance that we should have a canal wholly within our own territory. The Ottawa route is an air line water route from Mentreal to the Soo, and owing to its sheltered position, and distance from the international boundary, a through waterway on the Ottawa to the Like# would, in case of international complications, be of the highest importance, and prove of great value to Canadian and im perial interests.
The construction of this waterway would have an immense stimulating effect upon the mining industry of Canada, which is now assuming large proportions in Northern Ontario and Northwestern
Quebec.
When this waterway is opened up it will make available the immense natural
J
The Bradley-Carretson Co.,
BRANTFORD, ONT.
coun.
Council do not purchase a road grader this year, and that the Secretary notify the agent of the Sawyer Manufacturing
Company to that effect.
Moved by coun. Taber, seconded by Henderson, and resolved, that the
Shawville>
summar
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
P.S.—Top price for Hides and Pelts.
Mention this paper
Tenders Wanted.
coun
Secretary be and is hereby instructed to hire a road grader for any road division who want it, and levy a social rate upon the division engaging the grader to pay the costs.
Moved by coun. Kelly, seconded by Smiley, and resolved, that the
FRESH and CURED
FARM FOR SALE.
Tenders for making and erecting the frame of the English Church at Had ford will he received up to May 5th. ItiOO. Plans _ be seen at the Rectory, Shaw ville. Lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
6, ...... of
MEATS
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
Lot No. 20th on the 5th Range of Clarendon. known as the Grace Farm, at a
van
¦ive
was
coun Council adjourn.
A. W. Mi Kkchnie,
Sec.-Treasurer
reasonable price.
For terms and particulars address the undersigned
of all kinds at
E. Graham, Mayor
ia even a
I also keep a complete stock of tune-ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. A11 calls revel ve personal attendance. Open dav and night.
MRS. J. GRACE.
Bouchette P. O., P. Q.
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. 0. McGUIRE,
House to Let.
ma
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
I offer to let all or any portion of the House owned and lately occupied by Mi Samuel C. McDowell, Main Street, Shaw-ville. Stable, w oodshed and shop or office room in connection. Apply by letter or in person tQ
r>nday find Tuesday# Mr. D. Gillies, of B
Mo
raeside, went up to the firm's limit, passing hero Tuesday
with Mr. Ben Smith.	•—z
Mr. John Craig arrived home Wednesday from Sudbury neighborhood where he has been for over a year.
Mr. C/A Moore* culler for Gilmour & Hughson, left on Thursday for Hull mills.
There was a special meeting of our Council on Thursday, when fences, water courses, &c., were the chief subjects on hand.
There is a great deal of sickness here just now, colds and influenza, and mostly
everywhere there is a patient.
Sans Ceremonie
The roads are drying up very nicely and that is greatly appreciated. The bicycle and all other spring birds are out.
¦	| George E. Murphy left on Tues"
day with another gang of men to work on Gilmour & Hughsons Pickanock drive, and it is reported that there is lots of water and the drive is coming down well.
Last Monday Messrs. R. H. Farrell. Latique Lafleur and Napoleon Farrell left for Whitehall
Mr. W. G. Austin, of Ottawa, scaler for Mr. Harris, went down hume Mon-
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
Mr
R. W. HODGINS.
Shaw ville, Que
ïi: sr^'.r.v.r^.Y.i issssr
Th* Beekseïler "id'ststlener.
Samples ?r#S
MacLBAN PUB. CO.; Limited
Proprietor.
NOTICE.
A. meeting of the Directors and Share-
ville on Saturday the20th day of May next for the purpose of amending the by-laws
”*ÿ&.f % w"H:
Shaw ville, April 20,1900.
Farm Sale.
The undersigned desires to sell the property known as Lots 7and 8 in the 11th range of Clarendon.
dav
Mr. Joe Stewart, of Kazubazua, was here Monday.
Mr. W. Irwin, of Kazubazua, warn here
AND.
Secy.
RICHARD DAGG.
Charter!# P. O.

###PAGE###5###
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
J AH. HOPE Ml Co.
ANVFACTVRIMi STATIONERS.UOOKSKL 1ère, Bookbinder! Prlnleri, etc. Depository
f lue Ottawa AuxtlltNyliililedoclety,Ottawa,Out.
iiiiiimiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiimiimiiiiiii?
THE EQUITY,
M
j If you were I Looking 1 For an 3 Investment
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PI'BUS»HKD EVERY THXRSDÀY
AT BHAWV1LLE, Co. PONTIAC, OVE.
SUBSCRIPTION-$1.00 A YEAH IN ADVANCE.
No paper slopped until all orrearngf* e paid, unless by special arrangement with
ubllaher.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Booms.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L
2
A. SMILEY, Prop.

NOTARY FOU THE

=

=
MONEY TO LOAN ON ICAHY Tl
BRYSON
I
Does Quality count with you ? If so we can interest you. Here are a few points in the construction of
MV
QUE


I
0
I
Will b weel
ADVERTISING HATES :
Legal advertising. eight rents per line for first Insertion nml four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at #4.00 par year.	,
T/ical announcementw Inserh d at the rate of live cents pur line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted nt low rate», which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instru lions accompanying them will he inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.


you would try to get thebestwouldu’tyou? a Whyshouldn’tyou = do the same with your I clothes.
R. MITCHELL
UAIUFK OK THE SUPERIOR COVET for the District of Routine. Offlce, Main Hi. Saawx lllc.
A^couut* collected auu prornp made.
5

returns
The FROST & WOOD
Disc farrow :
: DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
=
Get the best, and you will feel the best and look g E the best.	§
| Wc know the clothing business thoroughly, and § | we know that there is nothing to equal	|
=
84 Nepean St., Ottawa. Ont

Lumber i\ All Kinds BonïM and Sold
JOB PRINTING
CONSIGNMENTS solicited.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns-
Commission Business b Specialty#
Patented ball bearings, requiring no adjustment Every Harrow rolls along on 60 hardened balls Patent adjustable Scrapers ; every Scraper works a separate spring, and the scrapers on each section can be locked on or off at will. Double levers. Each section can be set at an independent angle convenience in turning and working on side hills. Patent Pole Attachment, adjustable lor two or three horses ; can be adjusted instantly without removing pole—as easy as opening and shutting a door.
Made in eight different sizes.
Place your orders early before stock is exhausted.
All kind» of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
Shorey Ready Tailored Clothing. |
JOHN A. COWAN
ou
=
PubllMher
It pleases our patrons and it brings us the most § § customers.
| # Not made to order but to fit—and a guarantee with | every garment.
1 We would be glad to show you the spring novelties.
=
Business Cards.
Pek
ItKKl
a great
iMui* Murphy. Pr. *. Ottvwa Transport K. W- Avery., 11%II Lumber Co.
.?. T. Mhirrltt, E ti. Eddy Co.
LiV'hfvrd * Motiougall, Barrister*. John Uenev & Sons.
U N. Bate 1 Son.
MEDICAL.
i
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B M.D,,C.M.
HAWVILLB HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN S^ITH, Proprietor.
s
Graduate of Mc Gill University,*
OfTice—Residence of the lute Dr. II. 11 Knox, tihnwville.
Cent’s Spring Hats
Arc rapidly moving out. All the latest styles at prices that will surprise you.
Easter Hats for the Ladies.
Numerous dainty and pretty hats, in all the leading straws. Large assortment of Walking Hats and Sailors for early Spring wear.
Just Received 1
An immense consignment of Boots & Shoes, which makes our stock complete in all sizes and
prices.
Seasonable Goods.
Waterproof Coats, (Ladies’ and Gent’s) Men’s Spring Overcoats, (light and dark) Parasols and Umbrellas.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
\ complete stocK of REPAIRS always on hand for Frost & Wood Machines.
A. SMILEY - SHAWVILLE.
The spot spot for—
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Me<l. College, Toronto.
H AmhtroniV* Holsk,
SHAWVILLE.
A Fashionable Hair Cut
Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
Office avd Residsmck : MAIN STREET
or Your Turn next
LEGAL.
0. WILSON’S,
rANTFI>—Honest manor woman to travel for large house; salary $65 month ly and « % penmen, with Increase ; portion permanent *. Inclose self-addressed stamped envelope. MANAGER, 330 Caxton bldg. Chicago.
XV
1
BQÜRBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L,
PRACTICAL
MATCiniARER
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE,
The Popular Store for
Choice Confectionery,
Groceries,
Fruit, (in season),
-also -
Fresh Oysters,
Served either raw or stewed.
Customers promptly and courteously treated.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, visit Shaw ville every Monday
end
HE
WILL
T
JEWELLER
Ei
WM. GAMBLE,
KEEPS
A SBLECT STOCK Of
WATCHES,
CLOCKS.
JEWELLERY.
silverware
Ac. Ac.
PORTAGE DU FORT

BARRISTER. &o„
159 Main Street.....
i
n
!
Hull.
At Sbawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each mouth.
^fflce-over G. F. Hodglns* Store, Main St.
Roller Mill
i

A

Repair!»
*

A SPIK’lAtlTY
Arthur McConnell,
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
samiLLE. «
A TTORNEY AT LAW, Main St. Hull, V Que. wlll.atrequeet.altemialloourts lathe district. Alloorrewpoudencf promptly answered.
Will vieil Sbawvllle regularly ou the third Thursday of every month.
G. F. HODGINS.
?
District and Country.
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
SASH and DOOR
P. S.—Blouses and Skirts just to hand.
!
The Toronto people are seeking aid — ^	^ mm# nip UT from the Dominion Government to hold a
GEO#	W KI VJ H I j big Dominion fair at the Queen City in
advocate, barrister,
230 Main St, - Hull, Que ,
First Quality Flour.
They will have the right to cut pulp on the Nepigon riyer and its tributaries and the right to reai rve 40 square miles, the second concern.
The Blanch river Pulp and Paper Com, pany which is said to be backed by the Toronto, April 20.—Tiio Mail and Em- New York Herald, will operate on the
X second burning in- B auch River and its tributaries. Elliott
The contract for the new militia stores building at Ottawa, which amounts to $52,009, h.s been awarded to Messrs. Joseph D wrque, of Hull and Charles Lemoine, id Pembroke.
1901
Fanners favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
The hotelkeepers of the province of
.	, „ x Manitoba nre discussing the attitude they
(Old Registry Ofllce,opposite Court House.)	(R|„e jn the event of prohibition be-
Law business tu District ot Pontiac attend ed to
—ALL KINDS OF—
coming law. Iris said they have agreed to close all the leading hotels throughout the province.
Interior & Eiterior
M
[ ire says tod ,y
ttiigy took place last evening at Stanley \V. Lingley. of Toronto, is one of the barracks, in consequence of the political directors. Each company will develop feelings of the members of the R «y^l waterpower and each agreement extends Canadian Dragoons proving ton much for for 21 years. They both agree to spend their sense of decorum. The object of $250,COO inside of three years in the erec-the wrath of the soldiers this time was tjon 0f a mill, and to employ at least 200 Sir Wilfrid Liurier, * M effigy, soaked with the product of the Standard Oil are practically the same as in the recent Company, and dressed in blue overalls, Spanish river agreement, was solemnly set tire to in the barrack Frincetnn, April 20.—A dastardly at square. Hie arrival of Sergt. Maj >r put ^enipt at train wrecking on the (*. T. R an end to the sacrificial ceremcmea and wa3 perpetrated here last night but for the soldiers disposed. rl he arreM of two . tunate]y without doing any damage, dragoons as ring leaders and a third i >r gome per8onp$ maliciously inclined, plac-having refused to put out the names at ^ goine WOoden cattle guards just east of the command vf his superior officer pr^nceton station on the track. At brought the proceedings to n c ose. It is ^ gwjtcjl u number of ties were piled on understood that the proposed government ^ track and at another point further measure disfranchising the members of cR8t geveraj jarge stones and fence rails the permanent force gave rise to the little were p^ej Up on the track. Apparently ebulition of feeling. '	the object of the miscreants was to wreck
ÏZffi.	Should H.VO Something L*. i«
was unable to be present, but was repre-	viu ov'
MW
should have a large area of land before *	'	-?-
beginning development, as it would cost EXPLOSION AT WELLAND from $5,000 to $10,000 to open a well, ,	CANAL,
and from $200,000 to $:t00,(X*> to build refinery, tank, &c. Ten or twelve farm era signed a lease at the meeting, authorizing Mr. Munro to opérât* on their
lands, one-eighth of the proceeds to be ^ Thorold, Ont., on Saturday night them, and we understand that others arc at)1)Ut y o’clock, two men attempted to ready to sign, as all feel that Mr. Munro	Up joc^ No. 4 of the Welland < 'anal.
is the right man in the right place.—Ob | All four gates M the lock were more or
less damaged, and the wonder is they not entirely destroyed, considering
JOSEPH BROWN,
finish for
Bosses & Verandah,
W. W. IRELAND,
Proprietor.
Mr. Charles Foy. proprietor of the Central Hotel, 8ays the Eganville Enterprise, had a monster tuikey cooked for the guests’ Easter dinner. Tho bird alive weighed 40 pounds, killed and dressed, 28 pounds. It was purchased from Mr. Samuel Lett, of Wilberforce.
A proposition is on foot to establish a hotel system up *he Gatineau to be run by Ottawa capitalists. It ia understood that a number of hotels will bo erected to provide suitable accommodation for the tourist traffic in the district and it is thought that much a system could be operated with success.
L
Clerk of the District Magistrate»' Court.
I >eeds
FOR SALE:
MANUFACTURED
at-T.".»tl.
factortly.
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSEr
LUMBER, 4c. 4c ,
Kept in stoc k an-1 made t«« urder.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULAR PRICES
A quantity of—
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
The other terms and conditions
men
QUE.
SHAWVILLE

WILLIAM ELLIOTT
McCREDIE& HUDGINS
SialspP
iUAd6Hüdpw‘OfiiptretU! n h issu » cd
Estimates furnished
THE HDLL ELECTRIC CO.
one
1

GENERAL

Cars run at Intervals of twenty minutes in the morning and fifteen Minutes In the after noon, daily, Sundays included.
C
e#e
•••
Lord Strathcona has instructed the military department in Canada to equip and send to Africa fifty more troopers at his expense. They will fill vacancies created in the force by death or other-The Strathcona Horse reached Cape Town on Wednesday. D>3 horses died on the way out,
A number of citizens are forming a rifle association
sent foity names away on Wednesday to District Commanding officer Monti/.mi-bert. The British-Boer war seems to have developed the desire among Canadians for sharp shooting, and though the primary reason for forming the rifle association here is amusement, yet it is in line with the prevailing idea abroad. The Boers have taught us the virtue of sharpshooting and the lesson will not apparently be lost sight of.—Renfrew Journal.
Rudyard Kipling is going to tell of “ The Beginning of the Armadillos " in the May Ladies’ Home Journal. Of course, Mr. Kipling brings to bear an irresistibly funny, but withal a highly ingenious, philosophy in describing the peculiarities of the armadillo. He evidently found enjoyment in writing these stories—he calls them “ Just So ’ stories— for he has interwoven more inimitable humor into his account of the way by which#the armadillos came into being, and the others of the series, than in any- server.
thing else that has come from his versa-	announcement has been made that
¦m
,Pâee	St W Row.ll, of Toronto. j plo.ion ... th, work of Feni.n.,
Stevens Rifles $
T
J. J. TURNER,
t:
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the Comity

Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled
wise
^ are guaranteed to be
I SAFE, SOLID, I ACCURATE,
W. R. TAYLOR
hand for sale. Office
Sec.-Treas
Court Shawville,
No 276.
Mr. D. H. McAndrew
IN MEMORY OF RAMSDEN
£ïo.f13
J From tlio HI $	$6.oo “Favorite” ^
2 to our most expensive * * Ideal." ; «
| The - IDEAL " No. 44 is a fine rifle. ' ! ? ONE OF OI K LEADERS, price only $10. ; j 2 Ke gnu .ntee it in every respect. Noth- j « ing cheap about it but the price. » «
$ Made regularly In .33. .*# and *33 C*J’ ? ! f jbrr rim-flre, .25-20 STEVENS, .32-40., ,
* J .3H-55 and. 41-40center-flre.	» <
; J IN SPEC IAL SIZES,	! y
! <	Stnd stamp for rom pjo^CaiaEog and
Bronze Tablet will be Erected in Santiago be Cuba.
Washington. D C., April 19.—Secretary Long has undertaken to have a bronze tablet cast at the Washington Navy Yard and erected in Santiago de Cuba at a point to be designated by General Wood, in commemoration of the services
who, while British consul at Santiago during the Spanish American dered valuable service to the Veiled States in protecting American interests there during the siege, and who died while at his post of duty. The tablet will bear an artistic inscription, recounting the services of the deceased.
Meets the 4th Wednes day of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially invited.
H. 9. Barnett, F.S
m
j. A. Cowan, R 8
Hugh Hobbs, C. R
HOTELS.
of the late Frederick W. Ramsden,
St. Lawrence Hall,
war, ren
a
•9
Mrs C M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Supposed to be the Work of
Fenians.
::J. STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL GO
P 0. Box 1371.
chicopee Falls, mass.
Table and Baral-
Good Accommodation well furnished.

ways
First-clash Li very Attachkd
Coming Over the Line

PATENTS
50 YEARS*
experience
Within the past two weeks nearly 3<K)
and children have left the
were
the terrific character of the explosion
men, women vicinity of Detroit to seek homesteads in Alberta, Canada, and it is estimated that within the near future C,CHK> more expect to leave Michigan for the Canadian North-The Canadian homestead laws are liberal than the laws of the United
less in Can-
PROMPTLY SECURED

»
Write for our interesting books " Invent, ors Help" and "How you are swindled. Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we» will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. We make a «penalty of applications rejected in other banda. Highest references furnished.
MARION & MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
Civil A Mechanical Fngtneere. Gr«dnate* of the Polytechnic School of Engtne^ng Bachelors in
society of civil Engineers.
_ J NEW VO*K UFl B'LO’C.. MOMTfCAl CAN. OfF.OM: j ATLAMTtr BUILDING., WASHINGTON, It
10U
west, m o re
States, requiring two years ads to perfect a title to a homestead, and no expense attached. An additional inducement to emigrants is the free transportation furnished by Canada to its northwestern territories for both persons and effects. The state of Illinois has sent five car loads of settlers and their effects to Port Arthur, and the new emigrants are taking up land in the Slate River Valley.—Hamilton Spectator.
Trade Marks -Copyrights »c.
Scientific American.
jffiSBSfiSLisBS
iWI&vrsSBïf»
fe
around one of the names
3
k


###PAGE###6###






J

h^n coqp is not situated upon a dry iitü, at your earliest opportunity pro-c«H»d to rectify the error. Dig out the dirt Irom the bdttom say a foot or two in d^pth then fill in with rock», large one» first, then smaller HOW TO ESTABLISH A CREAMERY “nti s“**L»r ones, cover top with a tew
inchee <u gravel, and then you will
have a dry houee, providing any out- I	CEYLON URBF.N I HA
side water hats a good chauve to drain will displace all Japan Tea the same as
J*	Salad* black is displacing all other
r roquent use of dry coal ashes will |	black teas,
serve to absorb any moisture accruing a committee which from the droppings of the birds, the ih ill visit two or throe creameries, in- eoa^ u&hos also serving to fix ammonia ipect them careiully, get prices of ilU(l therefore keep tlie air of the
U there it «I d.vaire to continue,	one,,. caUfl“ or «uotUor sudl, | La*, Sunday afternoon, while a
«lect a aauaP* Inis will not do. Chicks even L	, .
mure than hens require dry quarters, °°m waa U‘1Il« held at the Crystal
And even ducklings and goslings in ! Ptlae*. says the London Spectator, an
their lirst tender days are peculiar- ! elephant belonging to a circus which
y We^ poultry ft rs^mu»t keep |	!*** P*r[ormLDf th/‘ro broke frum A man's faults attract more «tien
Wh ,	.	dampness at bay, or we shall fail of lls luhl<,mn¥* untI killed its keeper, lion than his virtues.
_	,	.	len 6X1 1 )1 lin< “ success in poultry culture.	ft then l.ru.shtvl through various parti-
ready hire a good buttenuake, and	---- tiona of wood and glaaa, and appeared	How's This ?
Iii got* wages, as au expeit PLOUGHING WET GROUND. ‘n the main building, where a great We offer One Hundred Dollar# It ward for
- 2? c: = IH rsr r i
Z T'dïiV % îKiBS Z4	T «: I ^ ^ up.aLLlt;
and the beet way to have them remem- ""*" lt ^ries out and becomes almost ll8*il to he secured by another ele- I”*.*1!!?'!!7UP°*>*• and bei this is to make them feed a can or As hard as a brick. This of course pbunt. It was then decided to kill BelTby^U druire ate Tee time
%%%% ss	12 -v'r • - - ---	¦*—
reliable commission house Do nut I ,three	compensate for the	lt,d’ a London gunmaker waa
change commission men unless it is *nJury ‘lone the land by plowing wet. **cnt for as executioner and shot the absolutely necessary, as one man a	—	animal dead,
customers will soon recognise your brand oi butter and will want it all
the time it it is good, if you happen (	__
to have a poor lot, do not brand it, but udder is tin important point in select-put it on tho market and sell it on its ing a milch cow
Ûl A1 1t Se
Dear
What
i
hi* f Ï muwt be getting old. Mikes you think sof People have begun congratulating me on holding my own.
These Three Reparations
k
Ob the Farm.


“ Pharaoh 10o." ^

free.
i F he proper way to organisa a orearn-Bry is for the farmers to call a meeting, talk the
It ie an easy mat tar to Ignore an Insult aimed at somebody else.
after over and adjourn for a couple of weeks. At the end of this .ime elect
O’KEEFE’S LH
VID
MALT
¦¦¦¦¦¦HT. OIVHH
liitjxoraUe an’. flu. nitUna
LLOYD WOOD Torvuta. ULN KKAL AOIKT
1
I

AN ELEPHANT TRAGEDY
4 îlrlom Kiulr Itrokr lia InMnilnga und
Billed hi kri'iMT la l.imUun'ii ( ryuil
r.lHn*.

Without oonatanrj there le neither love, friendship nor virtue In the world.—Addison.
TOÎI—

à
0

•i*»
DigniiUs a stock company, i* building committee and let this tnittee hire a carpenter and put their own building

I
1
Take Lasettre Rromo Qululue Tab’et*. All irufgleta refund the money if II fail# to cure, fcc. K. W. tirove's «'gnaiurs Is on each box.

P
com-
up
Buy the necessary dairy machinery iroui some good house
I
i
pay
Dr. Slocum, the famous scientist, who* lectures end demonstrations in New York ami London this winter hire astounded medical tindes hmm at last perfected his new system of treatment for the absolute cure of tuberculosis and all pulmonary diseases.
This triumphant victory over the deadly bacilli Is far reaching In fta effects, for their is no longer room for doubt that the gifted specialist given to the world a boon that will save millions of precious lires.
Dr. Slocum's S stem of Treatment is both scientific and progrès* going as it does to the very source of the disease and performing the cure
P First ^tep —Killing the life-destroying germa which Invest the lungs. Second Step.—Toning the entire system and strengthening the nerves—filling the veins with tingling new life.	*
Third Step.—Building healthy flesh and fortifying against future attacks	^
Catarrh Cure If taken Internally, ict-
*.	.	*.*_.*___J mneoue *ur-
fHoea of the mywteim. Prloe, 7*n. nor bottle,
¦fcs. Testimoniale free.
oet
ive
A genius ie a man who does things that other people aaj it ia impossible to <lo.
MILK SIGNS IN DA i It Y COWS. The appearance and form of the
Ou the following Wednesday an inquest was held on the body of the man.
The evidence in favor of the elephant •>ould not have been m Hr. Sanger, its
the animal had once before killed a ------------------
former keeper; and he gave the facta AVENUE K0U8E
MONTSSAt MSTIL DieSOTMV
The “Balmoral,” Free lue
Europeae rise. Room» wl frem |1 e d»y up Opp.
flee. Peril eke |tk, Prop».
_MoOUI
fern Up
The Slocum Treatment la revolutionary because It provide# a new application for every atage of the diaeaae. The failures of inoculation by Paru scientists are overcome by Slocum through pro^reaalve drug force.
bacilli are removed^rom the lungs there remains no other gem-breeding menace
learly put. owner, admitted that
A large udder ie
Above all things, a creamery must Dot ul"ays an indication that the have good drainage into a running w a k°°d milker
? iream If possible, a good water sup- udder should have the ply and a good ice house
Motel Carilake,
cow
Tur skin of the
O.T.B SUtioo, Montreal
College Avenue.
...	, _____ Hotel rales $1.»
“ ZwZ	, «pu»- WH^itssv
Mr, Sanger l if teen months previously	1Oo*i»ereiai Hew Modem i*.
for gross brutality to the animals. He I	mw,meëemw
came back and asked to be employed I	W. P. C. 1019.
• This was granted, and ho was taken on, not as a keeper, but a labor-Tho very first time he went into the stable the elephant, though it was . A GOOD GARDEN.	__ <yuife dark at the time, instantly re.
Ii one deeires to have a good garden HOW PERIIY MISNER, OF W£L- eruX^him"t^ath'agTina^the ataU this year he should begin to prepare LANDPORT, RECOVERED HEALTH. That the creature had acted only in
for it very early. One oft the irnpor-	- 6 Panic of horror at the reappearance
tain items is a quantity oi well-rotted "•	*>•»" Hip J,l*t Disease ami *Vl «/u	Wati 80 Wt>11 ^tablishh
z:::.Co%tn%%Z%
the spring. If put on in the fall and * roJ? ,be Journal, St. Catharines, through towns and villages all over! ITlie f £ 1 % \	.^1/5 fga*
2 j,i,ra;4J-VSU2iV'L^jrS!E “rf™;.	.	r
eur.aoe will dry out in condition to ago, heard o( one of those remark- '?u,ldaJ' dinner, deelared that he would «617 Ti6WH CBII haV8 R Band I IA/ ACT D PH ACCllP3flP/k I AfltflDflV
1? CMC III nooul dlllt) vvlllUdh f
,arui a . J. .	,	6 b " 6 rs the world over. The case is that of a lanoe* one of those taken from the ... Mu,l°or Musical Instrumente. I	¦	J
xaoo again. Flow it down deep in the Parley Alisuer, son of Mr. Mai bias Arabs in the Soudan. Those who have ' Whâley ROVCO A CO., 9m*£t(,nt
ind in the spring plow shallow, Misner, who had suffered from hip flee,D fhe tn>Phies taken from the Mah- !	mmpee, U*u
©r better still, do not plow at all, but jutu,1 dUrase and abscesses, and who j followers, will realD© what a hor- POMMQ* 8ENSÏ Kiug itwhoàes Med rxtX*H
rj-aa-" F iss Ik	ksr.-"s:r.xir BH
be ?rsTd! ‘“Tc“Vcb- A. ho ZlinZ'toT	HOsmvtLY THE chance. Michigan Land for Sale. 2?¦£
gMpsêMStm taisisi iBSSEti IMfSSm
, Q10n , l0re Planting or worse again, lie would startle in his anteed Catarrh and Bronchitis rein-	r M. PIERCE. A«ot, wm Be, oily Mioh tom, ,eel [h*\	roeulu mu* be re* baa been shows that, wltb due regarl fei
lowing time coinvd, be sure that good bleep and was continually in distress edy, « Catarrhozone •• If vou are »	Or J.W.O&afli, Whitieïïre. Mlek S^«d ** emln^Uy eailsfactory	the safety of etovkholder» and the ^curtly
sSm—	=^£5rSHF3
* . -, gooG	by a ht i -e extra Ouuiused. During this time the ab- tion, write at once : It ii positively the I I Is!	»7Fsiy fy ^## | youd the llmlti of ibe North Aroerlvan <v>a- rauieil in advocatmg any departure *r»>m
lost. rian so that the early crops scess had broken and was discharging last time this offer will he mad/ r„ I MA I f I PHilr lllnlll >ll I tlnvnl« a,|d Bhurtly before the cloee of the the policy we have been following for winy
a "» ¦— - :pftjsj-sJi sr "iSFat-jrra-ar
• ration, uhich, he objected to, and a	--*»_	-a *ND CtNr«“	auepieee.	It will, mo doubt, be Uitervatlng to shared
fourth medical mau then took the	CONSIDER.ATP YOnvn wnvrc'v	I % HAR r\r»r.	I	Toronto, 2tith Feb.. 1900,	hvldora to learn that the marine branc*.
case iu hand. _ This doctor confined	O.IEN.	]w||vtr UREjSlNC	!	Ueo. A. Cox, President.	which ha» bp«*» responsible In kodi# former
Pet ley to the bed, and besides giving Twigley—I don’t think the Sands I All HOI DPS	Bummary of financial étalement:	thl	f
«....... ,„,d „„ ssa z&M	— i -A«o *uSeadHSH k»	w r«sssaj? asràSss
“• jüCw'WAO5»• priu/'«. LZÆ.% f°-S.ryi?-PiaMimi sr$szs:..ïT..r.mmm y~lVr- —	.»....»
- - - F........ jsi	I HraHHHH -este ssss SHSSSH’HH
w hich is the earliest of all. It is of dl* weeks, causing much pain, but W16 carried me away, none of them I I	,	,	-- ••‘niltlee which are held by this eompany.
=: XÎÏÏ--I sra- ~	- - - - WHBHml %
acid. It is an abundant bearer. After nod frequently, despite the aid of	"	--¦¦¦¦	.	Reserve Fund .$1,100,380 50 Borne twenty five years ago It completed
E=3:S. BH æWâW & ^ **t, A «a* + ** ®1:—zSBB«5iS8sS5
the most valuable early apple. The 1 October of 1893, I decided, other	%4f •*LrHS fllTlAOZ Jr	/	The President, in moving the adopiloe • favorable foot lag, with an efficient force
HüipEfl
sHF-EEB iS M.HrL4*3 /'------------------------------** ~ SsEsa-:
Astrachan is also a good summer Lhe Lcrutchoa ,were dispensed with, -"-r "  ---L"-i— — -u;-=r- chief cities la the ilid?rd atïïïîi-where have feH that the present U aa oppo tuae
variety.	and he was able to work and could f	^	^	_ tbe bualne^ proved generally unprofitable 6ira# fer ¦akh|€ • •‘mlltr effect to wcisre
^ESSSSE sSSS U Fresh Touch
hurg, Fameuse or Snow, and Rambn rbu ™edlclne achieved such a mar- ) A & S 1 VOIE g VUVllt	f ceplloa.llj fimragi., ,nd	«•	,w "
sszsssas ssssesq x wt-ttH msssgsssss™
esrmaa------------------l^SîSSfe	|/faX n ~~T	iBSBamtSMBP
Dr Williams' Pink Pills cure by go-	$ W/f A .	I\ullIuCiy 3	# fire million dollar* p/r innnmhL	Job" Kennaway. Bart., M.P., »n4 Mr.
£?. alSSiSS	I CJgjOp Paints	| i|SHSPl IB#####
b°uae. It is the damp house that al. bs sent postpaid kt 5° c®nts s box, i /	give a freahnese, a beauty, • tone, F I ^ou/e»nn!?Ta»t^fh,t ^	,th,e	with’^ Lw^rMcV 11
........ •°< """'	—*—	' | JàL J	I KSriSiEr-’-
.	appearance of
,vlfr .	... ,.	, ,	llld having been dusted over with bran
patrons should hold monthly meetings and have a fatty feeling. It is aen-
and discuss the beet method o; feed- erally conceded that the escutcheon ng cows, caring tor the milk and j la of no importance in selecting a lis,eu to the suggestion o; the butter- dairy cow. ni k, r. Th meetings U pi uperly conducted may be made of much U*ue-
The Slocum System carts grip and Its painful after-effects, dame# eu# eenebs, hronchlth, and every known form of pulmonary disease.
It makes weak lungs sound, strengthens them against any ordeal, and gives endurance to those who have inherited hollow chests, with their long train of attending dangers.
To enable despairing sufferers everywhere to obtain speedy help before too late, Dr. Slocum offers.
«gam

CALVERT’S
Aller Doctors Failed.
fit
er

FULL FREE TREATMENT
11 - rrry reader of this paper.
Simple write to Tho f. A Sloctm CemncAt Co., limited, ryp Kin» 8t. West. Toronto, giving post office and expiras office addreaa, and the free medicine (The Stoceuu Cure) will be promptly sent.
Sufferers should take instant advantage of this generous proposition, and when writing for them always mention this paper,
Persons la Canada, seeing 81icum’s free offer In American papers will please •end for samples to Hie Toronto laboratories.
I.-t no previoou di soonrag «ments prevent your taklag advantage of this splendid free oQrr before toe late.
to tv
F. C. CALVERT * CO..
MANCHESTER
ENGLAND
.M
fal
The aanoil meeting of shareholders was pises to refer to the fast tbst dnrtig fSe bold it tbs company's offices In this dt/ Pa* J*nr a number of new companies have .u W—,, M.n.à 7, ,m Tbr IW
tent, Hon. U. A Cox, oocopled tbe cheiit	old established of flew. It will be Interest-
Ths following annual report »f tbs dl lotf to observe whether these empc rivals
p# ««<«, with hcco lir'E-ir n, V..,,.:	tüTffoS
' ment, was read by the eecreiary:	Indemnity aga<ast lose by Are on more fa*
FORTY-NINTH ANNUAL RKI'OBT.	VSTlSwM«"
In offering While as insurers we may h ps these new companies may bave discover d the setret of combining cheapness with atcurlty, we cannot overlook th# fact that the record of the fire dnewnoce bueine*w In
b 8 10 ADILAIPL VW TOHQW
t

The directors beg to lubmit herewith the annual statement of the company's accounts

»

1 \
Ud


SOME OF THE BEST APPLES TO
GROW.
\
1-
;
IT
^ ¦ 1

I have bad 20 years

hr»
experience in
-
>

I
IK
i IL
4»
• 1 •

•Æ
Ing writes Mr. D.A. Blalock
I
: !(\
¦I


/I'
s mM the quail la# manager. A
DAMPNESS IN THE HEN HOUSE
UTILIZING HIS MISFORTUNE
never will be a damp hen bouse in wbioh the bird will be at all aatlafac-
rla
I
First Tramp—Say, you did get a bad _ c in dat scrap I
moping fowls never are able to Second Tramp—Yes, but de odder d > anythin* In the way of filling the feller got two
0«v
to
5T*
A. RAMSAY A SON,
MONTREAL
}
Paint mirer».
Bst'd if»».
Why,
on, my friend, if your on da public aa an explosion!









###PAGE###7###
!
\
r
hack, and wan only WN*klng for a fitting occasion to try which of thft 1 wo hutikl be mietreee. And the baronet hud, of oourw, ptoviouMly aaaured blm-+'If that Clare O’Gilrle bad. a good .?‘¦at, nud waa acouettimed to ride to bound». So he fell certain that whatever happened, and even if It came to t he w<>rat, be and who between t hem could iwrfeoi ly well manage Black
THE STAY AT HOME
A MIGHTY TRIBUTS
THIEF TAKING IN ZANZIBAR
“OIL PAINTINGS.”
0
BIB	§IÈ ™! ehIEbh €ÊÈËiï
Th-rr.'. bo.,k. tel. b„, frth,™ .tirtool- police advl.»«i htm V. c.ll In * medicine must of the pslutlng. bine several venturer I» not !.. kl-.gl,, .ug«*.tlv.ne^
IKS?ZZ2	SShm’i.
IÈËÊËÊÊ ##.............“ ilie« pSEâli ülHÜ
——-• *•   •A'r.viS.’S “™¦sr—	%.	..................	...
wii t up i In bank on I ho left side like	Mow much it costs to buy éck truck.	and M thick through ax my little finger,	canvases on a shelf that la used in-	; on hand, which won s tiansport l-ktlf
comparing notes an l Imprertalon.*	of	?1 Vlk\t am[ t h»«„ over the hedge, before	n ^inlT,	Mhnma	lie asked for a small low table, squat ted	stead of an easel and generally has a	And if he gets tired of t -ink n» of ha
tbu 1» l:ioo and people, and surprised	to	Clare 0(1 il vie, who was day-dreaming,	'8he kn*wl) krr # pore— '	down before It Turk fauhlon, held two of	colored print lacked up above as copy.	f.n.'.l.rent. an	«2a
fluti that iw Uni mile or nothing Mr\, realized her    Il.-w-	the sticks one In either hand, and «tend Then he proceed. .. rapidly block In ^	awe In lo« “ClS
asEEEHSE :„p:,E3Eft
>SSâv ™=B5HS SSSSSHS
love. Ilin chmalnut thoroughbred fol-	,f jofJ to do without-	that wo took to be an Incantation.	to the next canvas. By the time he la 1 h l*> ** seeme, should be a lot °*to®n2:
|	lowed the fugitive and cion red t ho bank ju* wears her iwmemad# moccsdns	' I soon noticed that the consul looked through with the last one the paint on | Bo_17t ,e’	1 ' 1 ®r*
4,Il«r flee la only a iblur of rad," and hedge tike a bird and went in hot	An crows an naw^ about.	dlslrvaacd and unc/wy, and, bonding over jjrHt |g dl.y and he proceeds In tbo or 'amb rb 6 f‘“ f i a,t ' 1 r h *
SSSSSCIZ E.BHHHE	SrSta^ars
ly after a disappearing figure.	keep it at ail coils. The slflo in	A„ Janl an m. an I	other end and was trying to pull thorn	ting to all the email accessories, and	would contint of 1 cent each from about
•'It’s all I bat confounded veil," re. which she cleared her fences, without	But bahy Nan, the stay it koine,	away from me.’ He warn Joked a bit	by the time daylight wanes the row	1,GUO,000,()00 persons
» check, gladdened the heart of the	le full o' sweet content—	alx.ut him vivid Imagination. One of the	will be done. By this system of work-	As to the time that It will take to ool*
. .	.	.	....	'• n haruncf, w>ho, feeing that Mine	lie’cuddles up in daddy's arme	mon offered to and did relieve him, only	Ing the artist does not have to be con-	lect this tribute from the earth at -argi*
of American ext raotiun, a short oldish O'trilvie wan in no real danger, devout-	An never wants a cent.	to find that It wan no joke. Th» maglo	tjimally changing his brushes, and hè	lef oo one think It's a Job for a week, a
be™—	- iSingB ~	:§=—
«tump of a dgar. wit b a head of hair Away they flow, the pursuer and the Bat Wearr’e Perd Found » Fatal 1 gaiiifl, ,! m« What do I think it l«y Oh, turn out at about *2- Including frame, something like #CW W9 per day in oolioe-like I ho gray iwihes at the top.	pursued, miilo after mile, across hedges	Flaw la ike Scheme.	I don't know-devil worship or some- the not cost of the canvas to the (leal- tlone, he will just about complete She
*'Veils," flight! i he bar one I, »b > was &*4 ditches and palings Sttd brook» “rete," exclaimed Meandering Mike, thing else But let me go back to catching sr being in the neighborhood of UO work laid out by the tram»
üiü.ip* Eiii mm mm mss
«"V ..d oar».	kaiM '.h« maru'lrrm2,h” %' “ (It It loose. It rankle. In me con- Bft,r another wL called, with no romli »»• of the picture. . . b, .o mean. e)on, an.l foil pla, taught for a tortnUM
-But the «un, you know. play, the	foL of a	ï?it( riw. of science an overhelm, me wit' • re'll*- Tl,o porformanoo wa, banning to grow devoid of merit In .pit. of their .lap are absolutely idle for practical purpose
==* **
--~”as35s r-::r - - '-esas -sks®^— sgg###
melanohaly eip.ea.lon ,nd «he load-	rw.TbU ttd^o^rtuüüy' “Did you ever hear of velocity?" i W Y°rk ^- 1 kD0W » wo'n,n who travel, around ^Vh^word ho had no Induction be-
^» ,_r.,hor v.,.,.tntohide	^^b.t^ ve,oc	—
lier pretty ounfueion.	peaml 10 be on the beet poaeible terms, ,, de world move: wit' It's -I am «.> nroud of vou!”	Anticruelty society. When I mention-	AmIi5iBIel.ee.
, ~ ~ wwm mmm mmm em
mmm; —mimm mmmm
1	pgpH
She hkod nding, .•.he liked bouinig «he Pplagah5nge wele .trained off on (he re. a good e-are 1. worth more toe mat Wbat’e the matter?”	If the* *a-T't8 ,l*bt' "r ’’’bat, but we hightfnl disease triclnnoni. in human
LktMl cvlf, aise liked hi Ilia ids, and nmd lurn ^ Ixiat, nn<l as It was close than good advice.	"Don't you think," replied Mrs. Blum- , always look out for the trunk that i conpamerfi, give a peculiar appearance
a good many novels. An“.t0 9? ‘°™; . to b-i band he fell master of the aitua- gome people who are .aid to be crazy er ae she took her handkerchief from her celled light” Then he and bis helper to meet, which te .tudded with little
nr«JUi hid iMt oublUh^da' newbuf.k «ion »nd .supremely happy.	are .imply mean	eyoe and glared at him with a combined tugged and pulled and Jammed holei t. n i„ then known to the trade a.
mmi msm mm fsse
«orbed in it. when Misa O'Uilvie bap- drgwin^ tbe ,,1^.	a big fool of himself In later life Is to ..Tblt.B Jllst nke a woman I" be rant- the following advertisement the other tiol]6!y ..but i alwiiya throw it away.”
*»1B8»IF*!1S*=
single page, and hBd no idea of doing ^r %id «Tart andJc^v as the water	- Somersetshire farmer.	| confldcnce," etc.
IK), having n livsly horror of novels _oso »n ^eboat.	Poultry should never be eaten until 19 The old man, remarking to a friend at Mrs. McPherson sent for the remedy
generally.	*'Jmt like those abominable old » H hour» after It la killed.	s local race meeting that the gentry now- âüj received the following reply:
“A thousand thank»; 1 wafl just tubp#" replied Marcus, coolly, am he Before attempting to chop parsley scald aduye ho^l glasses lor both eyes, he added	wag cury(i of ali the bad habits
looking for a rwilly good book and dropped the sculls and rose and put his It by pouring boiling water over and that he badnnv»°h*xvH^no mentioned by a three years' enforced
mmm	wmmm-"'-
h.....,,sparse». "» ar^.tSu-CTss-
wAflss.'îs ÆSa-sEa-sais'ja jkhhsjasLAxs ?*£?
’Sksts,,.. “*
<ms," «be enewered, sweetly ; "a groom	Pit 0.1 u , rn In.	km dlnn« entree or luncheon dish.	tonubodv."
Ui a dull companion."	Mr. Willingham—What would yon
SS»
What » Cent From Uiok F
ttertb Woold	>
/were sitting on a sea
Two
mg oiguis and Interobing
front, •
log those ootomonphoes and confidences which we delight to bestow on
They often appear no
¦t rangera.
Kl» h, end always mean so Utils. The acquaint anses were lazily studying the nmnners end dress of the visitors and
\Vn
per Mon# who pa «ne I by, and perhaps
had only arrived recently. They wt-re
this moment they were discussing the
agreeable subject of pretty women.
plied his friend, Thomas G. Sharpies, v

oraninent than use."
Prmeotly Misa O'tfilvie returned, and this .time for some reason her
the baronet, with its usual languid
mU'iaoLa*. "that 1 woo and win and
Thai Is my future wife."
"D uitV excla-imed t he American cug erly, "an even thvusund you don't— that's so."
It was Sunday evening, and two acquaintances were staying at beautiful East bourne, and living at

lîe Sent the Pwrk.
PiofesFor Comstock of Cornell in
The learned ecieutiat,
‘•measly pork wishing some for etndy, went to the 1 butcher and asked if he ever got any | measly pork.
"Sometimes
# i
iiig
How He Wee Cured.
said the batcher cau-
me up some. ” meaning, of course, to hie laboratory.
yeti'
"I
"Why, yes," said the batcher sent up two pounds a week ago.”
A sickly grin broke over the professor's face.
“Where did yon send 1ITM said be.
“Why. to your bourne, of course. ' ' salé the butcher. — Kansas City Times.
%
Wee Hie Owe Dec##*.
"For towering nerve." said a chief of division in one of the departments, "a young sun down doctor, attached to my force here, is the limit. He took three days’ leave last week, and when he returned to the office he brought with hie a doctor's certificate. It was signed by himself:	This Is to certify that
Umptara Jones (here he Inserted his ¦nine) has been under auy professional care for the past three days,' etc. He submitted It to me without batting as eye, and he looked real hurt and down at the mouth when I told him >e couldn’t make that kind of a game stick.'*

Sel wy Carloia Taste.
George 8elwyn had a strange but no! nucummon passion for seeing string# bodies, especially those of his friends. He would go any distance to JgrGti this pursuit. Lord Holland wpk laid op very ill at Holland House slyjrtly before bis death George Selwyn sent to ash how he was, and whether he would like to see him Lord Holland answer#! “Oh, by all means I If I'm alive tomorrow I shall be delighted to see George, and I know that if I am dead be will be delighted to see me 1”—Letter of General Fox.
nd tried and tried
iry
HOUSEHOLD HINTS.
Unclehood Is about the hardest hood man has to wear,and, as I have observed uncles and their habite, they cither *poil or repel the small chaps and chap-peases who happen to be made their nephews and nieces by an accident of birth. Uncles are either Intensely genial or intensely Irritable, and as f&r as I am concerned It Is my belief that
our college, should Include In tbelr car- „p what>8 tb, difference bet«N> rlculum » chair of "uncleUm.	' d „,Dia.1"
Vue It hood I. . r.I»tion.hlp that jn.n «% % % \.lent ia .bl. bulk!
a man has a brother er • sister, he la hi'MuQ Journfti liable to find himself an ancle at any time whether be wishes to be one or not. Then when St happens he’s get te reason out a course of procedure without any basis In previous experience.—
John Kendrick Bangs in Woman's Home Companion.
A drink of warm sage tea will often soothe a restless child.
Pickles or vinegar will not keep In a jar that has ever had any kind of grease kept
Î will get you the beat possible.’’
"I .«ball be grateful.'* ahe replied. "I thing that I hardly want to answer off
like a live animal, and not one that has hand, just stepped out of a Nuuk's ark."
"Ah, I know exactly what will suit
Mr Willingham—I'm glad of that | in It
-	_	.	.	,	,	, Now. if I could be sure that you would When using an egg heater, do not keep
I KÏÏT.2Î,oar ,00‘1 woeld MI Cwl 111 Ume'bu*moTe 11
rod** her » fortnight ugu," which was
true enough ; but Sir Marcus did not In the year 180# a party of crusader#
add that the fair rider never tried brought a number of rose bushes home ] For the origin of "O. K." James Par-Black Hess a second tifhe.	to England with them from Damascus» ton the historian, Is authority. While at
So it was arranged pleasantly be- in(j these flourished so well that in a Nashville In search of material for his hls-t ween them, and at 11 o'ck>ck they §^or| time the beautiful flowers were tory, Mr. Parton found among the records
C‘mor^nÎY.'^temb.Vrnd : ££
'jz
qai.l an* mod. end .ppeered quite to ,we*l the womealf iHtie woman la- bed lnterwt, It I, very to we how •
ss wt gggÿÿj* “*16 ¦err7	•l-meeine l“°be “°K"”
there ww t (in. horiewomen on her I Chicago TtM.	1 w 1 oU kerrwt.	I
The Difference
“Snch are the delusions te which the
“O. K "
human senses and understanding are susceptible/' remarked the man who doesn't care whethei yen comprehend bins or not, "that, logically speaking, it is absolutely impossible to be abee-lutely sure of anything/1
"Dear me!" exclaimed Mi*Cay "I didn’t knew yon were one.
"Wbntr
"A weather prophet WasbtogWm
# I
Horseback exercise possesses, sooording So eorae physicians, the faculty of both Increasing and reducing weight. If meals are taken Immediately after rldlna, additional flesh Is gained; otherwise a decrease
Star
"and goes
In fact,
»a
SI
Ores 1.000



^
###PAGE###8###

t
V
r
10,000 People
Are to-day thinking of getting a new pair of shoes. There is no reason why they should not get them from us.
CLOTHING.
Hundreds
The most up-to-date Tailor in this county for FIT, STYLE AND FINISH,
and who keeps the largest range of TWEEDS, WORSTEDS AND SERGES
• • IS » *
9
Are to-day wearing our Shoes, but we are out for the thousands, and we want to win on the merits of our goods and value.
s
s
i
Anglo-Saxon, Black, 40c Indo-Ceylon Best Japan, 35c Good Japan, 20c Special Good Tea. 17c Japan Siftings, 17c.
Will be taken in exchange for Boots and Shoes at the
44
35c
A. R. McGUIRE
9
SHAWVILLE BOOT & SHOE STORE,
1
The Tailor.
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOI sE
M. G. STEWART.
!
For Sale :
Advertise in The Equity.
The Universal Favorite
NÛX0N DISC HARROW
0:1" Shorthorn Dull l Prive
V
OTTAWA ft BiTfflB AO Rif
Apply to IN CAMPBELL,
• Maple Ridge, Que
(OUT THROW.)
%The only Disc Harrow that has adjustable pressure springs. This feature is invaluable on hur l or uneven ground.
1)1 >
I Api
Fall and winter Tsms Table
S,
Taking effect Oct. 10, 1S99.
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa. no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa Nos. 1 ami daily except Sunday
For Sale.


5.20 p.m
.	Two Bull Calves and two He for Calves,
9 -.0 a.in. | {if Shorthorn llul!. Pi Ice $ô.u0 va h.
A • * Sh 'i h : .i : f *i Servi v. Fee, one dollar, which must be paid at time of
'VI v* e.
jNoxon
For tickets and further Information apply Aruo’di, Ticket Agent, tb Spark
HMD* Mw BvrrAU) ****** tutHb »K MAAfttw
Cultivator
New Sectional Spring Tooth
to E. t
St., or 31 Central Chambers. Ottawa.
P. W. HKSSFM AN.
(ieti’l Snp’t
THOS. M DOWRLI
Clarendon
We specially ask a trial of our 17c. and 20c. lines. Guaranteed extra values.
ta
(fitted with grain an rum -rwing at ta
if i.esired)
with reversable points, also thistle cutters .* if ordered.
The lightest draft, best working and most easily opérât ud cultivât or manufact ured.
The teeth work directly under the axle and within the wheel line.
s« SEE THE NEW SPRING LIFT.
THE WAR.
Buller, Warren and Thorneyeroft Severely Criticized by Gen.
Roberts.
Official Time Table :
E. HOGGINS & SON.
A V
Arrive li
5.45 Leave
Aylmer iHr'vken ridge t Eardley Parker’s Crossing V Mohrs Quyon Wyiuau's ?Tank Bristol McKee’s Shaw vi lie Clark’s
Campbeli'< Pay ? Tank p Vinton «’ouionge "Mellon's Waltham
fc-xc* u strrMvi trvsc tooth cv^ato*
6(W
Lmdnn, April 18.—All other news from S futh Africa has been cast into tho shade

6.12
!
6.18
THE CELEBRATED
¦ ^ by the pu hi can »n of a despatch from < L rd R ibvre, which severely criticise# 8.14 the tactic* f (leuvrah Duller ai d Warren, g, 1 Colonel Til >rneyoroft and others, in the - •” operations along tho Tuge'a during the „ ,s attempted relief of Ladysmith by General ; 7e|t; Bullet’s army.
Tivs despatch from L rd Roberts dated Feb. 1 h and it submits General Buliei 's despatches, desenbing the Spion
•Flag Station. 4Tank. fFlag Station. ¦ Kop and o hv-r nporati ni from January
1. to January L'4 Lord Roberts deals
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway very severely with (Jen. Warren and
i Aylmer.	s >me others. Even Geu. Buliei & cs not
P. W. RE5SEMAN,
6.26
6. :7
6.47
STEEL HOC S 1ER SPRING PRESSURE
6.56
«<
6.58
«I
7.04
7.26
1
7.45
Our old reliable HOOSIKR Drills arc >o well and i.	t ha
speak for thei over (KI.U00 this count rv
F.:>0
they There are now ig the furmer> of
6.03
>
8.12

8.30

I
8.4
Leave ù
Notice.
6/»5 Arrive
We invite t he closest inspection of our Farm Implements and Mac- invrv which we are manufacturing for the coming season.	. T)Tvnpo
Iii addition to the a’Kivv wo c^ll special attention to our N EW \ ILT( HU A mNDhi t and No. 14 OXFORD CLIPPER FRONT-CUT MOWER, al o uur patent Spring and Spike Tooth Harrows and Friction and Ratchet Dump Rakes, it w:¦. imp y npny all intending purchasers to see our lines before placing their order* eUvw here.
Send for Now 1900 Catalogue.
THE Ï1QXGN Go., L’td, ingersoll, Ont.
We beg to inform the farmers that we have secured the services of Mr. Mathioson who has for the past four years been employed as miller in Renfrew Mill. He comes highly recommended as a first-class man, and we trust by giving liberal returns and the best flour we can make to secure the patronage of every farmer in this district.
Wo have for sale at all times
Flour, Graham Flour, Germ Meal, Bran, Shorts and Provender at lowest prices. Cash paid for good clean Wheat any time you fetch it along.
esc-ip*.
This de the War (

h !.oi been in the hands of t r live weeks. Just winnow, in the middle of tin-
E X KI : A L S VI * E1U N T n N n E N T
— it is publis
I camp lign, is not understood, unless it ib expected that Gen. Duller and Gen. War* ren will a.°k to bo relieved of their com
mauds. It is also believed that it is pre- . er with Msjor-Genenls Coke nr Warren hminary to a wîv>lt sa o shake-up of ihv Voku appears to have left Spiun Hop nt commands iu S unh Aftic.», < f which tin 9.30 p m.. for the purpose i f consulting retirement of Gen. Gaiaore was but a with VVairen. I p to that hour the idea commencement.	of tvithdiaw.il lud not been entertained.
The despatches a'iord psinful reading to Yet, almost immediately after Coke's de-Fnglislmian.. Iu them General Duller parture, Thorneyeroft issued the order, a?id < «en. y arren mutually reciminate, without tefervnee to the superior author-d Gtn. Robert;} coi.sures both. That ity wlroh upiet the whole plan of opera* was 1 «?!i. K berts t auction to criticise ti »na and rendered unavailing the sacri* ’heii* ->perati >ns :s ut,questioned, but that fives already made to carry it into cflVct. i' e Murq n of Lausdowne, *vcretaiy i f On lhi other hand it is only right that State for '' ar, présumai» y wi*h t lit* (»i»v- rhorniycroft appears to have behaved in eminent a C 'tiseir, should have seen tir to 1 a very gallant manner throughout the make the criticism public while the oQi- dav |	¦
ceis allée. i-J are s ill controlling trooj s in the he’d, causes amazement.
The censure and the publicity given t<-it. are generally int'iq»r>ted to signify that unless Generals Duller and Warru volun'arily retire, they will abate Gen.
G At acre's fate.
Loi.I Roberts i?, indeed, astern critic His comments are incisive and severe.
He censures Thorneyeroft f. r ordering the retreat from the top of the mountain, and characterizes his action as ituxvu sable.
the defend.
14 The attempt to relieve Ladysmith was well devised, and 1 agree with Bailer in thinking it ought to have succeeded. That it failed may iti t -me measure have been due to the difficulties of the ground, and the commanding positions ‘hold by the enemy, and probably also to errors] of judgment and want of administrative capacity on the pire of Warren. But ; whatever faults Warren may have committed the failure must abo ba attributed iu the disinclination of the tfiber in supreme c jmmaud to assert Ins authority and see that what he thought best was done, and also to the unwarrantable and needless assumption of ref possibility by a
TIME GARD,
IN EFFECT FEB. 26,19C3.
EASTERN DIVISION. Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.

THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
LIMITED TRAINS 2 1-2 HOURS Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:
a <>.10 A.M, 1
liv e Montreal v.Av .1. m. Va Uau J't. for Cornwall ant
a 8.45 A.M. b s.4.1 A.M.
X
Furniture !
44 Gen. Duller s report, c .inmenting on
Ge oral Wairen sports of the capture and cv..tuaf.iun t-f Sp$<»n K*p, after dii subordinate < tticer."
The despatch co:	s :	4* The grata
tying feature of these despatches is the admirable behaviour of the troops through*
LUl’
An v
correctness of sme of War-tui'd asM itioiv, avd describing the danger us situation occupied by Warren's f<*rce, tolls how he saw the force at Spion out the operation K*»p had g veil way before Warren knew i f it. Du'ier, thuefoie, telegraphed tu Whrnn :
44 Unless you put a really good, hard lighting man in command on top you will lose the hill. 1 suggest Thorneyeroft."
44 General Duller continues :	4 1 have London, April IV.—The Times has the
not thought it neceseaty to order an in- following special today vesiigativn. It at rundown the defence Cape Town, Apili 14 —Your corres-of the summit had been taken in hand,	pondent at Upiugtun telegraphs under
entrenchments Lid out, and tho dead and	date of the 14»h inst 44	A sharp en-
iv- undtd removed the whole place would have been brought under regular milDsty comm and, and the bills would hove been After sketching General Bullet's inteiv	held, lam sure. But no ar angements
ti- na, as communicated to Sir Charles	were made. Coke appears to have been
Warren, who commanded the whole force,	ordered away just as he would have been
M0Hmn1 Low* Roberts points out that Gen. War-	use ul, and no one succeeded him. Those
*t Alexandria only. Has Pullman parlor <‘ar.‘	1 j ren seems to have concluded, after con- on top were ignorant of tho fact that the
Lo<-ai—from inter- fiultation with liis f thcers, that thu llank- guns were coming up, ar.d generally,
King#tnn, TV.outo	in8 '.-ovement ordered by Oen.	Duller,	«here wi, a want of o.-gmizaiion and	ay,
parb cai.	was impracticable ana therefore so chang-	tern that acted most unfavorably on	the
ed the plan of advance as tu necessitate del 1 is admitted that all of Thor*
the capture	and	retention	of Spion Kup. neycrofi's command acte 1 with the great-	General Settle congratulated	MujorOrpen
Lord	Roberta	continues	:	es* gallantry throughout the day, and	on the conduct of his men.	It is suppos-
“ As Warren considered it impossible	really saved the situation. Dut prépara-	ed	that	the	enemy	were	Transvaalers	who
0 t ^	_	_	..	to make tho wi le flanking movement	lions for the second d.iy's defence should	slipped	into	Griqualand	when	Lord Kitch-
S« I é>	Lganviii^Pi'mbroke B rrVs 1 was fwommended, if not actually have breu organised during Gia dsy and ener entered Pileaks.”
Bay.	Whitney. Canoe Lake, l’arry Sound and inter- ! preseribed in the secret instructions, he	commciired at n ghtfall. ' A* (1rs was not
mediate rointH.	aheuld, forth with, have acquainted Duller	done, I think Thorneyeroft exercised
A A A T) Af	For	A rsprlor	Renfrew.	Eg.	with the course he |rrvposed to	adopt,	wise discretion."
‘?•-t-vF I «ill	«anville,	r«mbroke.	on i in-	There is nothing to show whether	he did	46 It is to bj regretted that Warren	did
s » or not, Dut it is only fur to Warren	not himself visit Spiou Hop iu the nfter-
to point out that Duller appears through-	noon or evening, knowing as he did that
ou* to have been aware of what was Imp.	the state of afLiis was veiy critical, and
Pen*nR.	that the loss f t the position would involve
Regarding the withdrawal from Spion the failure of the operations. IJ« consc-Kop, the retention if which had become ipieutly was obliged to summon Cke t » essential to the relief of Ladysmith, Lard his load quarter*, and tho c mmand at Robe11u says :	Spion K»p thus devolved on Thorney-
44 1 regret to be unable to concur with croft, unknown to Cuke, who was undoi Duller in thinking Thorneyeroft exercised the imprefti m that, the command devnlv wise discretion in ordering tho truops to ed upon Col. Hill, ea senior fflioir. retire. I am of the opinion that Thor* Omissions or mistakes of this nature may neycrnfi's assumption of responsibility be trivial in themsolvo% yet they may ox-and authority was inexcusable. During ercise an important influence upon the the night the enemy’s fire could not have courte of events, and I believe Duller been formidable and it would not Lave was justified in remarking tho conviction taken more than two or three hours for there was a want of organisation and eys Thorneyeroft to communicate by tuessen- tern which acted most unfavourably on
I UÎI
4 At
Arrives Montreal Luhnl.
1
,,«ir û
urn lure I
a 4.20 P.M.
I - v ops Alexa
It
!
Fought Seven Hour»
. An ¦
atta. lied. Connects with trains fir Portland, Halifax and all points east of Moutreel. For Valleytleld and all points south of the tit. I.nw-ît-L-e Hiver, tit. Albans, Burlington, et*: Arriving Host	„ New : :
Wagner sleeping ear. Ottawa to New York.
Local—stops at tntermedl • ate stations. Arrive Mon * • a!r, p. m. mneets a; Cbtea i J wall, Kingston. Toronto, Chicago, e ear to Montreal,
Pullman pvlor

AND FOBTY BRITISH TH RAS» HD TWO 1IVN
DKED BOEKS.
a. m. Has thro
He charges Gen. Warren with of judgment, and b;ames Get). Duller fur neglecting to exercise supreme authority and for failing to find out what ought t have been done. These strictures excite much surprise, but are accepted re just and unanswerable by m litary crit-
6.35 P.M
errors
Look out for the New Things !
Our Spring Lirçe of Furniture is out of sight 1
If so drop in and inspect stock.
lias Pullman
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Pej.ot
L<>cal—from New York.
England and New York points. Montreal. leaving at 7.30 a. m. Stop at lo<al stations. Hus Wagner but! et ear New York to Ottawa.
a 11.50 A.M.
Boston. N. w
!Would m '"=« «» “ »
which was held cn the north side by Capt.
(iteen and 40 men of Orpen’s Horse. The fighting lasted from 11 a. in. tu 0 p. m.
There were 200 Transvaalerm, but our men, several of whom are dead shuts, beat them off with a loss on our side of one killed, two wounded, one of the latter mortally. The enemy were collecting their dead and wounded all night, and asked for a doctor and an arobulince.
ICS
a 12.10 NOON
east, leaving there at 9.40 a.m; Stops ut Alexandria only; Has Pullman parlor ear.
In Parlor Suites
a 6.35 P.M
\	Frame are New
Coverings are New Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
What’s the use uf making a stump speech every time you try to sell a
Sideboard,
Extension Table,
Dining-room Chair,
Kitchen Table,
Kitchen Chair,
Bedstead,
Show the products of the best manufacturers,—they do their own talking.
9.15 P.M.
Middle & Western Divisions.
TO ANl/FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot ;
A Battle Near Boehot
Bedroom Suite, Spring Mattress, Wool Mattress

R ishuf, Orange Frco State, April 21.— At mid day yesterday Geneitl Methuou’a he'd force at SwAtiz-Kopjes-Fontein was ordered to return to Boshof. Its convoy extended over six miles. Tho escort took up a position on n LUI commanding tho road, just m tho nick of time, as a force of 2.000 Boers with two guns and a pompom suddenly appeared in the vicinity and opened a very heavy tire. The British, however, held them in check until tho column rea hod a point of fftfety when they retired. The British had sev> era) casualties. The Bners fought determinedly and must have tuffored considerably, a* they at once advanced to within 300 yards of the hill, whence a concealed detachment of the British opened a heavy fusilade on them.
termed late points
Mixed train for Amprinr Renfrew. Egan ville, Mala
1.00 P. M.
waska and int
liai* stations
tup

Trains arrive at Ottawa Central depot
Parlor Table, Hall Rack, or Lounge ?
11.10 A.M.
Emm Pembroke. Fgan-ville, Renfrew, Arnprior
and intermediate points
From Parry Sound. Pembroke, Eganville, Renfrew
5.35 P.M.
Arnprior and intermediate points.
Mixed train from Madawss • kn. Igaarille, Renfrew, Arn
3.00 P.M
prior and Intermediate stations.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot Russell House Biol
CUTHBEHTSON, CRAIjAM & ELLIOTT,
Ticket# to Europe snd all parts of the world by all Amorioan and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook's tours.
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
a Trains run dally except Sunday b Hrnday only.
T
y.*>


,
/
i .
¦%- tu i
