###PAGE###1###


***
/







irâ & %

- 1 B










No. 7
ISth Yeah.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, AUG
*1.00 a Year in Advance.
1000
•>
J* f
-I


BANK OF OTTAWA
Bristol Council

Frauds in Government Land
Sales
Minutes of regular Mission of thu Mu
asgff — - * |gSsuaSrS
mam
paSEElIgpcSil
—_	jSâSpssissiaSBs
SFSSSFSS | k% .A	t„ I
saaKWBWSK^IîSr^^Si- »“¦, n, a.,».. chro.M.	,. ,h.
Ror. 0. C. Carey, Buptwt minister of I Moved bv conn. Kelly, seconded by Liber»!, to «elect as candidate, for the
Starke1» Corners, h*e gone to Edmonton,	Sn!'W. »"d resolved, that the =“™ln« ele=l,0° ,he be.t possible men,
having been recommended to seek the Council adjourn for one hour.	' If you ere in doubt about a
dry air of that region as a cure for his , l’ursuant to adjournment-same mem I „ T» ! character, give yourselves the
ifalissil
“ :Sn«"r»““i “ t jy—*» m •** - »*-. SkS:i:^Jz“.ï „,ti„ „d 53-i„tStSt-ttTSLftfta:J53,3T£&\ SîaSkîTJ^rÆ:
PARENTS' ATTENTION 111! Why have ln t,eal "« wlth a rBllway charter'	Secretary he and is hereby instructed to fu> candidate. The best cause, however,
the boys and «iris wasting their time Enrroit Equity :	notify all road inspectors in the munici- Iie he,Ped "hen its champion is a man of
around home during the summer vnea Sir: Having had my attention called ™jjty to remove or cause to he removed P8”00*1 w,'nh- "hose character and ac-
sto^»BM,"sarts r*.? .....	"»< s err»1”,: ‘'i ?“!
«light cost#	space for a word of explanation.	r(^ divinon®, more eHjmcially the	e!e<;t,ore.;. Ihftre,.fre P^nty of
TEACHERS’ ATTENTION 1 ! ! 1 A special The item referred to is u sum of $4.30. j “ Blue Burr, or Baddy's weed.	1	, on Doin ®1(jeB pohtic*, and harm
course will betaken up during the sum* entered on Income side of cash account. Moved by Coun. Smiley, seconded by Î8 Uone only to the party concerned, mer session designed for teachers who (W. W. Ireland, omission, 1808.) This Coun. Kelly, and resolved, t hat the Coun* hut to public life generally, when they wish to enuulre into business methods was not any omission of the auditor °f cil adjourn	are passed over for the sake of inferior-
sums srte»isïït i »• »	*0*—¦ s*
thing practical to give their boys and rears from the roll of 08 to that of W.	Sec.• 1 reasurcr.	Mayor.	. ^	j heee inferiorities,
girls.	This balance was not detected until after	__^  	through the indifference of public opin-
¦	completion	of roll of 1889, and was then I	ion, sometimes succeed in making them-
¦raeiAL rates kor TiiwK^MTKRisu MR the bvmmkh entered as Income in cash account of last Meeting 01 ocnool Commissioners selves candidates and adding to the labor sbmkiov will HK ALLuwED to all perhovs who KNiER year and thus properly accounted for.	- 0f those who wc rk for the oartv from
M. Donaldson, than the party that suffered them to V1 Hwlgins and ry its standard. And the candidates of com, Donaldson in the doubtful character, when he succeeds, becomes the doubtful member whom body honors. A good candidate! the chances of his party’s success, and if he is defeated leaves no came of regret for his friends.—Montreal Gazette.
Y es, it’s Hot !
Head 0fllC3f . .. Capital stifoncrlbed Capital paid up ..
OTTAWA. CANADA
..........$1,01*4,000
.......... 1,7.41,'HO
............ 1,403,810
*
OF CANADA.
un
livit
many is now occu
Board of Directors :


CAPITAL - - - $8,000,000. RESERVE FUND, - 2,000,000.
Charles Magee, Esq., President OlORoe Hay, khq., Vice-President
Hon. C»*«i. Biitson. Jr.	John Ma thru, Fmq.
Alu. Fu i-ut, K ,, David M a< Lari
I • Miki hy, £»q

Everyone says so.
llend Office, • Montreal.
GEORGE BURN. D. M. FINN IE,
Genera) Manager .. .. Manager

/ 1
Brsm-he* • IN ONTARIO
»
SIIAHVILLE BRANCH,
If you are looking for a cool spot, try our shop. Our customers say it’s cool and comfortable and so it is,—bright, airy and cool—a nice place to do your shopping, and we are selling all Summer Goods at cooling prices.........
Lanark,
Parry hound, Pembroke, Rat Portage do hank Ht. Renfrew
do Rideau St. Toronto.
Vaukleek Hill
Kerwiitin. K 'Uiptv lie MatUiwa, Ottawa,
Alexandria,
Arnprior,
A von mope, Hnw abridge Curie ton
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rales.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred lo all parts of the world.
8AVING8 BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
10 a.m. to 3 I*. M.
10 A M. TO 1 1\M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager.
Pine*,
Hawkesbury,
Smith's Falls
IN MANITOBA

Winnipeg,
Dauphin
Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC :
Office Hours Saturdays .
Montreal,	Hull,	Laclmte.
Agents In Canada, New York and Vhiengn-Hank of Montreal.
Agents In St. Paul- Merehants Nat. Bank.
Agents in London, Eng.—Pan s Batik Ltd.

mem

"[HERE IS NO PLEASURE SO SWEET
\
Farmers and Millmen !
Keep us in mind when you want
Binder Twine,
Machine Oil,
Paris Green,
Harvesting Tools,
Binding and Threshing Mitts, Cylinder Oil,
Engine Fittings,
Engine Packing,
Belt Lacing,
Belt Rivets, Punches, &c.
“ Always at right prices.”
As that which Is combined with Profit
A SUMMER SESSION
i
once
no
THEIR NAMES BEFORE JULY NINTH
Drop a Postal for full information.
Shaw ville, July 30th, 1900.
Resolution of Condolence
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE
Bryson, - Que.
went, comm»’™. Geo John M Hodgins, G. Ko ht. Hohhs ;
To the sisters and brother of the late I	pro.-tem
Mrs. John Lonsdale, formerly Mi s Edith Smiley
Dear sisters and brother
car
J. H. SHAW
no
The minutes <-f former meeting read and adopted.
Com. Wainman
raise#
t- —
LOCAL NEWS.
having entered and
^brothers and sisters In temperance, do now I taken his seat,	by G. F.
For Organs, Pianos and Sewing Ma-1	tJHs^ your^rst ^safM»e Hudgins, seconded by coin. .John Hod-
a îæïïæ .• I	,L
Pembroke firemen will hold a grand c<*’ iim* }na demonstration on August 23rd	1 co"lfur‘e(1 "
We, your
V
Two trainmen were killed in a head on collision near Madoc junction on Thursday— Archibald Edmonds, engineer, of L ndeay and Samuel Burd, brakesman, of Madoc.
!
Moved by com. (J. F. Hodg
,	. .	. . I 0 Sec.-Treas. communicate with Dr.
^ht,H,lrlHr' jilting to the standing of the
'ins, that
v your sorrowing hearts be I the ith the thought of reuniting 11»
Jt-ULU'."!'' p-pK A ». r*. j. .to to.
W. J. Hod-1 Signed on behalf of the officers and examinations, as to the marks obtained
members of Wild Hose Lodge, I. O. O. T., and in what subjects they failed.—Car No. 173.	tried
Snaps in
Thirteen million pounds have been expended in India during the past two year» in relieving the famine, which is still
Moved l,y com. G. F. Hodgins, that ™ting «bat unfortunate country. |
tne present See.-Treasurer be re-engaged It is evident from the tone r.f the at same salary aa for last year.	Liberal organs, says the Liberal Quebec
Moved in amendment by It. Hobbs Te!egr»|.h, that the Laurier Government
BHËEiîEE •
vtously on hand.	past week, returned to the Rectory Sat- ing „f ,he school, and to continue up ta
Merchants, business men, mechanics nrtI*\y t,NreninK*	, the ojiening of the following term in Sep-
of Pontiac, have your stationery,	envoi-	Miss Jennie	Beckett, Buckingham, is	tomber, 1901.	The nature	of	the	work
opes, etc., printed at The Equity.	Blank	spending her holidays under the parental	required to be	done will be	made	known
note and receipt forms always on hand, roof here.	to tenderers at the office of the See.-
1	Miss	Carey	and Miss Vina McCagg, J Treasurer. ^Carried.
1*01 Sale—Team of work	norm	srethe	gm	"f Mrs. Reid, “Island
weighing about 2,400 lbs. Will give House three years’ time to good man. —E. T.
Martin, Ladysmith,
Born—At Booth's Farm, on July 18th, to Mr. and Mrs gins, a son.
One thousand employees of the Domin ion Cotton Company at Magog, Que., arc I M. IL I)ukf, Sec y out on strike.	----
rav
I). G. Graham. C. T.
A. F. Smiley. Asst
AN08
PORTAGE DU P ORT
The Messrs. Dale Bros., have purchased from Mr. H. H. Elliott, his house on Pickanock street, occupied by Geo. Swatman.
going fast !
We have the following BARGAINS only now
. remaining :
One only Hood Square Piano, rosewood case
One Gilbert Piano
One Dominion Square Piano, rosewood case, carved legs, in splendid condition
The abovs all on three years payments.
sue
QUEEN’S SECOND SON DEAD
• e
• e
# e
Duke of Saxe-Gotha dies Suddenly.
$ 75.
e #
# #
C<>bourg, July 31.—Prince Alfred Ernest Albert, Duke of Sake-Cobourg, died at ten o’clock last evening at Rosenau Sec -Treasurer. | Cast le from paralysis of the heart. Recently at a consultation of specialists in Vienna it was discovered that there was a cancerous growth at the root of his
150.
Meeting adjourns
# #
Com
H. Laxu
Shawville, July 28th 1900
PERSONAL
Wanted.—Two men and teams for
threshing season of about, fifty days. I Mr. Thos. Wilson, <>f G. F. Hodgins’ Will take teams without men if neccs-1 has been holidaying with friends in Un Apply, ing wages, to
K. T. Martin, Ladysmith
150.
The Montreal S‘ar fays, Mr. Penny, the member for St Liwrence division of Montreal, will retire from active p Jitical
Mr. G. F. Hudgins, wife and children, I,ife *nd not offer f,,r re election, arc at the Victoria hotel, Aylmer	1 TFm ,,at nf T iK<*raU np- tat,niT #ft
• #
e e
tongue. By his sudden demise he escap ed a painful, lingering death.
fcano
London, July 31.—The news of the death of the Duke of Saxe-Cobourg-
sary
was totally unexpected.
For further particulars *ee
Mr. J. R Horner, .. Shawville,
who is our authorized representative for the Counties of Pontiac and Ottawa.
The favorable weather of the latfer ^ ^ ^	^
httlf of the past week enabled farmers to I j,v" leave for Eastman’s" Sprints ”on I er Itain «» retiring, and «0 are Mr. Jame* get pretty well through with their hay- Thursday.	j Somerville, Mr. Wood of Hamilton, Mr
inojiijBtathe conditions were such that M„ jj Gamble and children, and ; Boitock, Dr Lt-derkin, Mr. Living,(ore, tiSry could be used to advantage. | Miss Sadie Wallace, Ottawa, are spend- I Mr. Erb, Mr. Sue» zinger, Mr. M.edonnel,
.....-y-*t"" -«*¦ “¦kb tu*1 "	bS,
j 1 Ssll 1 lESlifk—
ius IiTuSIS1	m ' w. *. ..a m™. H=d,i,„ left ««t .h<......	... *. es^jmfcssKftsur
TZ ,r», «1:............. rarœ‘«t* vsl aMaf szjsxzjs < StSSSS
tomr ,1»vr Aifo that Mr. Pouuore, in com- at Mr. Wm. Moore's.	! °» Libérai members who have retired from thirty day»from this notice, during which
pany with a Hr. Malone, has been a sue- j Mrs. D. McRae, and Mrs. C. McCagg, ; P*rli»°‘*ntnt0 *«eP‘ v"iùu* ln the ! ^durTnYth'l Ata^iv coYpl.m o?Ych evssful tenderer for the extensive ini- are visiting in Ottawa.	gilt ot the Uovemment.	j roll, which shall be taken into consideration
provenants in Montreal harbor, and in Mr. F. A. Parker, of	the Merchant’s	Arnprior, On»., July 25-About six	Yel^a” thYmtrtrDghnf°commulîo!i2îîntô	I „ Sealed tenders will lw received at the ob
consenuence has placed his resignation as Dank, returned home on	Monday	even	o'clock this evening Willie Kirk, the 14	1 tako place at the Town Haiijn the village of	nee of the undersigned up to the hour of
n ? *-*• — i	; îs&£a£?a : SHESs
Commons, a step which under the circum- fr«»m then Green Like cottage on	Mon-	on 80me logs in the Madawaska river,	?PraJJ1p?inilfS,t? fh!Tvi'nvndt*k?«ny	corporation. Duties tu commence at the
stances became necessary. I he tender day.	near McLachin Bros, mills. The body	thereof If he no de*ire*, shall ray the	opening of tbe school. Dt September, an«l
,m which Messrs. Malone <fe Poutxue se- Prof. Workman, the well-known mum- waa recovered shortly afterwards.	i amount of hi* taxe* to the underlined at to continue up to the opening of next
sigcSLiri STJZ	u *.	«J.... kgusattew.» SSgÆArj:
other contractors who competed for the Mr. R. McC. Ritchie, collector of pro- series of monster political picnics to be j OI y o at. Shawville thl* seventeenth day	H- LANG,
work, which will require a period of vincial revenue for Lower Pontiac, paid held in Ontario during the month of Sep- ° Ju T» D uelvvn uti^r1^QH maTHESON.	Sec.-Treasurer,
about two and-a half years to complete. an official visit to town on Monday.	tember.	Ssc.-fiweorer
Public Notice.
D. W. KARN COMPANY, L't'd,
197 SPARKS STREET, OTTAWA
)

1
B.
TENDERS WANTED.

North East Half of Lot No. 4 on the Fifth Range of the Township of Clarendon containing 120 acres of land, 100 acres of which are cleared and in a first-class state of cultivation. A good young sugar hush and orc hard on the farm and a first class spring creek runs through it. Situated 1 miles from village of Shawville. No. School 5 acres from house. Good house, wood shed, machine shed, cedar ham. stable for H span of horses, cow house and granary. One of the best dairy and grain farms in the county. For further par-
JOHN W. KNOX,
Shawville, Que.

;
I



ticulars apply to
Shawville, July 30th, 1900



f


i*

###PAGE###2###






food ibsti as afar
Tslusbls as
____ - more
T	^ .	. | a colander, weigh the pulp, and to v	uliiox.	.. .
MMiki
tLT^ZX have u^^great fiar scenes. At length we may even | French corsets are always supple and feed that- has been	Zinity that the world Ls cheated in. ^ finUh of (rU|. or ruches.
China, ane fe	who	wefe	not	lmagine that we have	forgotten ;	but.	bendable, and this much accounts for	made its	ooa responding amouu	^ hlking lt for far more than	It	Li	A	pafltel	blue	Uwn frock	worn over
strain	of	music,	or	the ease of French figures, which are	(lesih. Liberal fcvdnug vi glvVU *	wortb. the awakening i* aure	t0	0nc	of	these	white	taffeta	princes»
loved flower, tbs | never tightened excepting at the ftmma.ls make» gladi the heart of ' «' ^ antl 0i,w behind it follow the ^ wg# #0 dainty in every detail.
waist, leaving the bust and hips quite	funner or	breeder, hint when the ^ ( wop and unending grief for what	is	no
In England the figure is usu-	ceases to	exert its magic influence,	seemingly, the greater
then something seems to be wrong.	’
The wrong is very often that the cat- 0	’	^
tie have passed iheirt prime, and a
is no further gain.
Pi line cattle sold un means something more
Notes and Comments
• nutfw
They hook In an invisible

I
advantage soldiers
forthcoming. granted that such good fortune will
be hers. She must, in one way
a face, a voire, •
She cannot take for
the perfume of a babbling of a brook, the sighing of the woods, or lhe song of a bird, will peroh&noe bring back our wandering thoughts. A sense of desolate loneliness and an intense longing for home will sweep over our hearts, calling up, with renewed vividness, memories of the dear associations of homo and
childhood, which we hud thought long
Our aching hearts
The blouse was made of the plain law» and was trimmed with breed be» plaits of the embroidered lawn that commenced at the bust line and diminished am they neared the ceinture, This arrangement of plaits >eft • round yoke effect of the plain gauze
covered with narrow pastel
in horizontal
I
the
again
or another, acquire a military force corn meneur ate with be:
‘
free
ally tightened in too much at the bust and hips, which gives too straight a look to the figure and makes it stiff and uncomfortable, movement being rendered ungraceful by this stiffness.
Let any girl try to lace her stays only at the waist, and let her select her stays us soft and light as possible, and then see if her figure be not well-developed carcasses as graceful in shape and as elastic as u certain te the most graceful and elastic French
No tight straight-down even lacing will ever make a pretty figure.
If the corset cannot be made expressly to suit the figure, then let it mais be laoed only in the middle at the ed
Even then no real corset
ruder the awakening, calm reasoning on tho *ub-th.-ugb it !w coldly ration-touch the proper chords but it i» certain that hearted hu-
world-wide
responsibilities
Meet of the military experts on the Continent believe that only in way ©an the problem ba solved ; namely, by adopting the Continental method of conscription, which converts
of military age into a
in some nat urea
market impulsive, than fat and inanity in
It includes to reason
of reason, woman ia a radical l
one
eager, warm
general will never listen along these linos. If by I could learn that there difference in the way in assuredly the mat-
would be worthy of a large ting ale4Wea unt of her thought. The essence capped with the plain lawn, covered i, and has always boon, the w|th fhe ribhon. so that the effect was
,	j.	mMlt I woQld same; but its outward manifestations ^ lf the yoke extended over
:::hb=
* ind universally	phe skirt was of the plain
covered with embroidered lawn
in line with
that was
t ho
blue .satin ribbon, put
These lines continued down in between plaits until they
Embroidered
on
lines
•luce forgotten
testify that we have not forgotten after all. No, indeed ! We can forget home and mother.
What is the basis of our patriotism figure
and love of country ? Is it not our minent invasion, such a remedy will	0< home! The loved ones who
be regarded as worse than the disease made OUJ earliest years so very, very Considered as the chief purveyor of kappy are wbAt constitute a home, manufactured articles to the rest of	heroes of any country fight and
the world, England cannot afford to ^ for boIlor| for the protection of deduct from her productive energy	families and their homes will
the work that might be done by all ew ^stltute the highest honor and softer the corset is the easier it will has ceased to grow, or
of her robust adult mate, during ^ greateet glory. without this in- be, and the tighter it may be laced m.tiheJ. its full pnme^buL it .	known, .
three or even two years of their lives.	u there would be little left for at the waist without feeling uncom- profitable to eel just be	^ hllTe 0f it were|
Can the defence of the British Empire wMeh to fight and t0 endure the fortable. This is the only way to period, and thus lose l“«	“ murh „( the disem b mtment end j of , h,. corsage. eo that a princes,
be assured in any other way f We be- ^ the dangers, and the uncertain mould the figure, as it is said, without pounds she may nave game .	disappointment that wait upon love eff<>ot wlla the result. Bands of the
gun by intimating that two other me- (ortuues ol war,	injuring the health.	hold her a few weeks beyo	' would bo explained away.	natrow pastel blue satin ribbon trim-
w
have to work, and what trouble, ther than powdered^ «.gar Serve t0	of us to look into tbo matter. ^	Tllke> lor example, any w|t„ (.owing ends.
magnified by increased pay and we mu$t endure. we know that there >*'««	WlJ‘ 1 *	An- we hampering ourselves by ho d ^ ^ famous lovers 0f history. How Th„ hat that accompanied this I t.
by the promise of a pension after a .,	,or weer, bodies, encourage-	,0'hl th*y “**	°	«»« 0:lttle over for h‘*h?? “# * * mu,U reason was there in Mark An- t|, ,alVn-party gown was a big
fixed term of service, or liability to , for faint hearts, and balm for sugar and eaten from the fingers. w,heo they should be sold at once,	pl0,B, Abelard. Launcelot, or , nd affair, made of rough pastel
r.	--, ;rZu ----«xn is %
to use the euirants are in t1le very best oondiuon ft>r ^ putatry. ofteu for their very lack gilk e(lgea with a narrow bias fold of
under the influence of love. .);lst€| blue gauze. A twist of the
hive held the gauzt, and silk followed the base of the
the pains and	crown and at tlw front, peeping
cluster of
the space*
reached the waist line lawn was employed for the close-fit-
At the top they were
iorness and juiicinese
be gained only
in
never
ian
eveiry
trained aoldier. It is probable that, ¦ntil England herself is confronted with the necessity of meeting an im-
meat which can
through rapid growing and laying on
been ob- ter
which men love
of flesh. This reeuli h »b tained by good feeding! of good am
ftiimi ils ha-1 O' as
a nu
of love is
the
If three
was
waist
should be worn by girls until they are
Remember, the
wtuee
well in their teens
when
more precisely
r rat her, if what knowledge
of tenor applied,
full bow lawn,
box-plaits that formed those of th** corsage i
we re
one
eecu re
provided! the incentive* to enlistment
we
were
service
mode of reform propose a number of , changes In the existing state of , things. They would, to be sure, retain the present regular army, as it exists abroad, for the purpose of srrv-	Bnd below the embroidery the
tog as the police of the Empire, and also the regular army, as it now exists at home, for the purpose of training men to sorve in the Imperial police abroad.
L't is necessary mono, mash tbwm slightly with plenty
the
Corset cover oi white batiste
the market#
fronts arranged in a cluster of tucks
The edge is embroid-
of reason
Philosophers and sages
«sumid that the sorrows and trials,
Endowed with reasoning facul-| A modish little lawn pa y g he would perhaps hive defeated made of figured "hit© urgam le w
literally an "allover" plaited affu.r,
hluu-se and skirt being
white
of sugar.
Always wipe peaches carefully to the fuzz when placed on the
at the waist
GREEN FERTILISERS
It is sometimes
the bow, there was a
remove table whole.
Serve cut fruit and bernes in glass dishes, and please both eye and pal-
•Bpvoi-
£
on
are
ate.

LONG-RECJKD RIDES

\
In the second place, they proposai that the Guards, increased to twelve battalions of a thousand men each, should, like the Household Cavalry, be retained normally for the defence of tho British Islands, except in the event of a sudden emergency abroad. They hold, however, that the militia and yeomanry should be greatly Increased m numbers and organized as an efficient field army in all particul-No regiments from this army.
rue-re are
in positively injurious,
in ny kinds of grW* wide diversity in their ability to (urn- ties
ish plant food. Only those that von-1 tain nitrogenous mat tor to be converted into ammonia by ferment a-
always helpful, and even
Failli»ut Trip* Made by froldleri» and ('•rretpouilfBlM.
respondents in South
manures with ®on
SlllUf
their great purpose
Bat there is much to i>e said on the collar, yoke Bide of the philosoph as and the wise plaited. U
who holds within taffeta *1‘P. 80
The war c<»i Africa in their recent dispatches have dwelt on the so-called record-breaking performances of the British cavalry in the Transvaal. There was. for in-the fine ride of the Natal
worn over a
that the pattern of
and
was
ft
If any nun
men
himself the potenti l genius of
Caesar, descends below bright from the cream
......— tp E
broad box-plaits that were
a scarlet leaves sb -ne out crisp
background
tion are
with these good effect is often largely neutralised by vino excess of water which thej contain. A I |	I
vegetation that is suitable for plough- in his
is f u I ly 8(1 per OtlH 1	01 ft W«i hei
defeated the object for which he
life, his forgotten the di-
Socrates or a
stance
mounted carbineers, who rode 85 miles in 12 hours over the sun-scorched veld ; or the diwh of French's horse, for the relief of Kimberley when the troopers stayed in the saddle for more
hours and then rode for
green

era.
nevertheless, should be ever ordered
ung under as m mum
the bottom
If the land is already
cent, water.
saturated with water and the green was given herbage, is miutily carbon, a slow 1er- vinity of his origin, and is shiiktng
mentation tab* placed which de- the sacred trust placed m b.s charge velops what is known a, humic add. at his exeat,on. He may be a Uteiary
to the roots of all hero; but he will never be anything
in ¦¦¦¦
carried down into the ceinture close-fitting, long, organdie «leevea capped with plaits that deacnb-
the middle and had
continuation of
abroad as units, but, if extra troop* were required, composite regiments might be formed from companies volunteering for service abroad out of militia battalions. In the next place, the Volunteers should be thoroughly
and furnished with
lil
The
than seven five miles at full gallop into the bu-leugured town. While these rides are woi'tb boasting of, they cannot be ckussed as record-breakers. Of course, the ride of a body of cavalry in their full equipments, which bu i d» n every horse with nearly 250 pounds, must lx? compared with long-distance records achieved by single racers in
such as Count Stall ren-
»
were
ed points down the effect of being

Th lb le a putt soc
but the lowest order of plant», as i#
by Ih3 impusaâ)ility of growing
the yoke. On the collar, t<'0, arranged to give this
mure
th«>->e on
reorganised, transport and full equipment, while retaining the present voluntary and elastic character of the force
the plaits were
continuous effect. The skirt was laid box plaits that touched for distance below the knees and
the effect of a
seen
anything but reeds, mosses and other course- herbage o-n wot* land until af-it has been thoroughly under
ENTERPRISE AT OM DU RM AN
in full
So
uf ihe most remarkable facts
with the development
x' r «ordinary which Omdurm in h.*a
On
not
ter
With re-
quite a
then flared, to give
frill around the bottom. Broad
scarlet taffeta »a»h ribbon
ployed for the draped ceinture.
knotted at the left side in a full with ends hanging nearly to the
The note of r-
much for the active army g ird to its supplements, the advocates of the voluntary system would retain the present regular army reserve; the militia and yeomanry reserve, destined, however, solely for home servira, a Volunteer reserve; a home-defen e formed from the trained men
in coon* c ion uf the Soudan h
drained.
Warmib and light are, essential in developing and making available w hai food the soil contains. But on
racing trim berg, who rode one horse over a dis-
yf 3ÜU miles in 70 hours ; or Bar-
Cotter who rode from Vienna to
distance of 625 miles, in 12 1-2
One of the most famous long-
full
manner in adopted Euiopeam methods. The city now possets, a not only1 markets and regular lines c< car vans, but shops conducted upon ihn European fatoh-basaurs which would do no discredit to one of our more civilized Indian cities, three cafes run on mod-principles by enterprising; Greeks and even a music warehouse and con
was em
Thia
tance
plant
much swstmp land there is little evi-denoe that there are the mineral and nitrogenous plant food which makes soil fertile, to be developed
black muck land, a mass o£ végéta able matter to bo turned under is a clear waste. All
material is button-holed, through which black or color.. 1 ribbon may be Narrow tmbroidtred bauds form
on
was
bow
bottoip of the skirt
let was repeated in the fetchinjjbt tie hat. It was a moderately Wge. round affair made of white crino.ine. The top of the brim was corded in scarlet velvet, leaving only an inch of
%
with scarlet velvet comet ribbon ful-broad loops of scarlet velvet nh-
bon.
me of t hv.se for “High days and holidays are cut just a bit square at the neck, ao
mer heat with one of the uncomfort-
table, high, hot collars.
Young gLrla are reveling in bbsi es of all description» from the erispost taffgta quaiities to the aoft scarfs made of chiffon and gauze.
Whenever there la an nieaa a •link-pin, a broach or a buckle, into service in arranging a cash or neok ribbon, it I» taken advantage of.
Paris, a
days.
distance rides in history was that of King Charles X1L, of Sweden, who in 1711 rode from Demotion, in Turkey, to Stralsund, in Sweden, a distance of
>•00» milea- in a i0Jieb\°\lnTZ I contains can be saved, by (vediog it casion the king rode night and | . o slook and ,Ws turning it into c Dkpenied only b| one ofiicer, both taking care of their own horses, and never changing their clothes.
The present South African records were eclipsed as long ago as 1842,when Dick King a British dispatch rider, covered the GUO miles from Port Na-Grahamstown in nine days,
run
the shoulder straps. Material required, batiste, 36 inches wide, 1 yard.
r< M-rve
to tb- untry, and, finally, a simple organization for calling out a levy in of the population in case of need.
ion
To grow
on
WITH GOOSEBERRIES.
Cann»d Gooseberries—Pick over and wash nice ripe or green gooseberries, allow half cup of water and one pound of granulated sugar for each quart
Make a syrup with the sugar and water, ekim, put in the fruit and simmer very gently for five iniu-Mu.-t be cooked slowly or the
Seal boiling hot.
mass
ern
the carbop it
HOUSEHOLD ECONOMY
cert hill- There is now a regular ferry borvice between Ouidurman and Khartoum, an well as a postal and
while an enter-
What’s this? exclaimed the young husband, referring to the memorandum she h id g k h-m
pound of raie ins, bottle of
warmth and fat, and the excrement after all this bulky matter has been pissed through the stomach usually contains more available fertility than the whole ran as would do if turned under the soil to ferment a .ndy and gravelly soils large grow'ha
vegetables may advantage, as th«*y will sup
of fruit.
telegraph system pnsing Scotchman has sought pei-to continue the tram line
One dozen
eggs one
lemon extract, a tin of ground cio-
httlf a pound of sugar.
with ail these
out
mission
ihat has hiiht‘1 to earned material
utes
fruit will break.
Goueeberry Jam—Stem the gooseberries, weigh, and allow three-fourths pound of sugar to each pound
Mash the fruit and boil
sheer frocks fashioned
nuw<>D and
On dry
for the college, which us npidly begin completed, for passenger service.
Whit do you wium things, Belinda?
l&l, to
crossing seven large rivers and num
berlefld smaller spruits on King’s ride resulted in the relief of Port Natal, which was then besieged
by Boers. Many years afterward Archibald Forbes, the fummi* war correspondent. made another South African record when he earned the first
news of the battle of Ulundi to tbs nearest telegraph instrument, riding 110 miles in 15 hours to do so.
of carbonaceous
dial* loaf, replied the wife, that I'm going to save by into a bread pudding.
I've get a
prove an
ply water, and the' carbonic acid gas that they tbr xw off while fermenting will probably not bp of whit the land ink But whne-tbe soil is black with partly dote plowi under more
the wa>
young
working it up I never let anything go
of fruit
slowly twenty minutes, add the angai and boil slowly for twenty minutes Longer, stirring constantly to pre-
fieal boiling hot in
pint Jam, or in tumblers like jelly.
Gooseberry Catsup-Choose ripe red gooseberries, boil slowly with one cup of wate» untU soft. Press through
IT WORKS SLOWLY
to waste,
Bean
Wife. I’m tired to death, h iving lb * baby’s picture taken by th * inutantanevus pro© se. f Husband. How long did it take,
then?
in excess
Htary
vent burning
excuse ta
AltMOR.
ver
payed humus vegetable matter to add to it isx a
clear waste of what, «t the least. ia|
Th\ fourteenth century armor w is that many soldiers only 30 ,14 were deformed or per ma n-
ao h a vy
years c_ wtiy disabled by Us weight
Wife; About four hours!

1
t
###PAGE###3###
r
1
a»»m

)


-N
us fhfr very; child you were talking of, poor Hubert's protege»1- and b« went
bo Ih * ol In-1 end of ' h room followed I ***"** •» nimi F*i reuse »r Oeelty
Fee pie Way 4io.
TAEPINO REBELLION.
\
HE BLAMES IISSIOMIES
LORD ROBERTS IN IRELAND
Mûrie» From I be Bin liplaro of |h«« MrllMi
f'ommendrMiM hlrf.
When Lord Roberts wan In Ireland lait year an commande* of the force* there, and the carriage would oo me to t hit door for Lady Roberta, he would examine the horses carefully, under the harness and all o^ver. He would then bicycle on swiftly in front with Mm* Humberts, and wait for I he carriage to overtake them oaelon Lady Roberts found him talk ing to a poor, bare-footed woman sitting hy the *(4d erf the road. In' a sack oil the ground lay a "bonnive,*’ or young pig.
When the coinage drew up, Lord Roberts told his wife that Lb* woman
UNREQUITED LOVE.
by Clarice, uud looked up with a half-
VIEWS OF THE CHINESE MINISTER AT SAN FRANCISCO.
s
I h*’ native Chinese, when aroused 'irvl excited, are I he hardest mob in there, | world to control, standing on a !>*r with the terrible Turk, who, if « She stood and faced his lordship and |	aohlier in discipline, la not a
the lovely young lady, looking wi'h wh‘k more fanatical and fearless, those great solemn eye* of her* from j Chi wee history furnishes a numt*er of
incidente showing t tie det Ined
amused, a(r at the queer little figure on the step-ladder.
"Whit are you doing up Stella?’’ he aslrmi, not Ill-naturedly

Dff Iwrm» I hr Ailnn j » C I»	lyllsr < III no
K'uisnl Fi.nJilin-Vs«l Army Weeded IS *lll»dll<* I lie I hi n ne.
In regard to the present situation in China, Ho Yow, the Chinee# Consul General in San Francisco, a diplomate only second in importance to the Chinese Minister in Washington, days
ble is ii rferenoe with our religion
in China. I do not question the wor* thy intention# of the missionaries whs hive gone there, but they hivu made them sick of trying to convert a people who are not educated a# a race
BT MISS M. K. BRÀDDON
bh the October morning ftself and bringing with him that compound odor of pigsty and stable which hover** about' the person of amateur agriculturists and in which they apparently
CHAPTER VIII
V was October when the new Lord
La eh mar came buck to the oantle, with a chosen company of bachelor friend», old eamrades of Eton and fix-
ford.
one to the other
•Wfa ii book is thaif” ask«d Lash-1"f John when h 4 <01 the
On une oc>-
dp light.
Ii was Lord Lash mar’s first visit to the hill and hr warn to Jonathan Lane-brook as a prevy, td bo drugged off at onoe and paraded through hot hotisee and stables, homo farm and piddooks, where the brood mares and th'“ir foals were one of the features of the estate. Clarice stayed m the morningrroom and went on with her novel while Lishmir was inspecting horses and cows, pigs and poultry, until, amidst the splendors of a very fine assemblage of cochin-chinas, hv was agreeably startled by the sound of a gigantic gong, which might have been heard half a mile off "Lunch/' cried Da neb rook; "come
The dowager warn at Lashinar to receive her son and his friends, flhs had not left the castle since her step-son's death was not alone whan her son arrived She had summoned two other dow
warpath.
TiJco for instance, the last and
m « r, panting to the quarto.
"Li Morte d'Arthur/1 she answer
I he origin of the whole trou-
greatest of them all—the terrible
ed
Lady Lash mar
"What, ran you road old English?" | rebellion " Yes."
"My brother taught you, I «up pose? '
The beginning of this long nightmare of bloodshed and dust and
of horrors unprintable and almost unthinkable, was almost exactly on all, four* with the present outbreak, peasant of low origin, a fanath
dreamer of dreams, preached and I succeeded fn getting the woman and ranted, and by degrees gathered b r "bonnive" into tbo oirri 'g»*. which around him a baud of malcontent#. ! at once drove off.
when I He called hln If Tien Wang, the
agers, one frisky and mdaulvd, to bear her company
strong-minded dowager; Lady Clan ?Mister,
one strong.
"Yrs.”
The
A had got very tired carrying the pig
a I seven or eight irnios. The kind couple '*ven ,0 '	oi religious tolera-
tion.
"And pray, who gave you leave to Come here to fiidf "Nobody”
"Frank, at any rate know you are doing you come here?”
had two strong-minded daughters, and these also were biddenj Their presence made an excuse for having Clarice DfeBibiook continually
at the castle
"Good missionaries merely waste their energies and income the people.
Lidy JtuiiejIs still further aston- Tb"T« " aDotbl!r cal»e for thy pre-
L- % 1	,,
I suppose you wrong
The weal her was lovely. A very feeble cousin of Miss Da ne brook, who was reading for his divinity examination, made a fourth.
Lash mar and h is friends arrived in time for dinner
Heavenly King,	and his followers were tshtd the bewildered peasant by	ad-	w‘n* uprising asiib* from 1 he purely
1 !	Typings, that	is to say, "Princes of dressing her in excellent Irish	and	rwork oi t h# missionaries in
Never	was title m ue hide-| slipping i mo of morn y into	her	Pcueelytming China
hmd ere she was set down at her
"No," she answered doggedly; don't hurt the books; I »m not in anybody's way.”
Ho you suppose her
Peace
\
INJURED THE CAUSE.
"It has so happvnod, that whenever a missionary has been injured or killed iu tb«* country, the nation which he represented has made the tragedy the occasion for asking grants of lands froru the Chinese Government. This course in the eyes of mmy of our people, who are extremely Suspicious, has been misconstrued and misrepresented.
"From a political point of view, it seems to have been a fatal mistake on th« pirt of the Powers to hive bombarded the Taku forts before they had Ended sufficient forces to be able to
ously inapt.
At first, if their own story is to I destination, be believed, the Taepings' only desire Lord Roberts had a diplomatist • was to be permitted to preach their rnmory ns well as a soldier s dash own ouït Ln peace. Hut troops were and «kill. While inspecting a iegi-s<int agaLust th*un, and were promp- | m» nt in Ireland ho sat at luncheon tly defeated Wang's head
as specially appointed by heaven to I smiled pleasant ly and fam Early to overthrow the Mam hu Dynasty, and h*-r, he asked her if it were her hus-aUo declared himself to be the mon- band. On being answered in the af-urch of all beneath the sky, t he true firme live, the field marshal said: T lord of China, and therefore of the know his face. Where was be wi'h whole earth, the second son of God nW "In the Afghm campaign,' and brother of Jesus and the invul- | answered the gratified wife. Liter
Eoid Roberts h .d a long ohat with h
ladyship
would approve of your loafing lyre, reading old hooka, instead of tearn-
along, Lord Laahmar, I hope you're as hungry na a hunter after this long
round.1
"Upon my word I think I ought to | to bo useful*" go hack to the castle for luncheon,' aaid Laahmar, dubiously. "Her lady-1 thinks. I don't ship* likes ta hivq me when I am not pieuse bur or di*plou«o her. She h is out with the shooters. She'll take it | beeji very unkind to me."
Oh you musi not eajr tint," maid
"No, she won't when you tell her I L shmar, waxing stern. "You hive where you ve been. Her ladyship has every reason to be grateful to her been uncommonly friendly to my wife | lodyship; but for her you w ould hive and daughter/
"Miss DaneAirook is my mother's favorite/ replied Laahmar. "I never I ful," the girl answered resolutely, knew her to take ho warmly.to* any | "She took away all my books—-the
books Lord L »s^m ir gave m l"
"P or little thu g/' m urmurod Cl,-^fi-
lls hid spent
souple of nights In London, had arranged to m«>ot his guests at the station, and to bring them down with him
a
i
I don't o-ire what her ladydup
01 re whether 1
There were two newly fledged cavalry subalterns; a younger son who was going in for a political career, and fanoled himself an embryo Canning; another younger son who
This success turned j braide the wife uf one if the mujors. He announced himmelf j Noticing that the officer opposite

unkindly, perhaps.'
I
1
was preparing himself for the family living; and a young man who was nobody in particular, but who was much better read and more amusing than any of th i oth r four.
"1 thought you would hive liked to find some nice girls here, Laahmar," she said to her son reproachfully,.
mother," answered Victorian, cheerily, "only I haven't seen any one except Clarice. She's nice enough, but quite impossible to get on wi/th. She's so painfully shy."
"Her shynwia would be got over in a very short time if you’d only talk to her."
been in the workhouse, perhips/'
"If she w is kind I would be grate-
I
l
n«* ra bis
support that step to follow it up. Instead of relieving the Legations in Pekin they aggravated the situation.
officer in question, and finished saying, "You cum» out of it for tone
ihmg good," looking quite app o i g ly in the direction of i be hmdsome Stirling up in ignorin' an I maddened
people to f n y
by
SON OF THE MOON.
What followed reads like some awful oriental vision of blood and fire.
The horrors perpetrated exceed all Neither age nor sex was "Burn and slay, slay and Such was the watchword,
young lady."
"And CUrfoe poeutively worhipa
Lady Lnshmar—quotes her in every-! ion, and with a pretty, pitiful air she UiingA^mything fa right unlews it is ! pitted the pale, wot cheek with her modeled upon Lashmar Cast le.'

"So I should,
wife
belief
soft white hind
NEED AN IMMENSE FORCE
spa red. burn I"
U the taking of Nankin, a city with walls 10 feet high and 50 thick, 30,-OUO non-combatants were massacred, in other instants the inhabitants were boiled alive, sawed asunder and otherwise tortured, alive were branded on the faces with
But Cinderella shrank from the
After luncheon Lishmar proposed th 11 Clarice should walk to the castle I touçh as If she hid been stung
"In my opinion the Powers would n«‘*d in army of about JôO.00'1 rn**n ta sulxiue thi* on- northern province by forty. Should there be a general uprising throughout China before they could do any sort of policing for (hit great territory with its four hundred
A HORSE’S STRANGE DIET
"Don’tr ah# cried angrily.
This last insolence provoked L sh
with him. So Lishinar and Clarice went across those rich Middleshire
When Fo«l«lrr <«»>e Oui In	Kh
Ile l In* >luHrri*.
pastures, a# gaily as Phyllis and mar's wrath.
"Oh, I, can't talk to a girl when Strrphon, in the sweet h ilf-donscf-1 "You are a very rude little girl/ it's uphill work. The women in Vien-
An amusing and at the «aine time pa-thetic story is told of a horse that .survived the terrible siege at Ladysmith. This paiTtioular mare was
great favorite with her master, and 1(%SH th;,n 10uoo(XI soldiers au«l many the first w, "ks <>f the sieg- far-
h»' exclaimed, "and you must never oome into this roomtagain. You will have to be a servant by-and-by, and Lishmar and Clarice went off to the I you must lean to live contented] .
ousness of dawning love, and were re ¦a are so brilliant, so easy to got or? cci-ved most graciously by her lady - with. In fact, Oriuna is the only ship, agreeable person you have got about you. I have half a mind to propose to Oriuna, only I'm afraid thore'd be a scarcity of coin."
The few saved
million people, or bring fh^m under 1 subjection, th<*y would require not
the words "Teen Kwokh," meaning ‘Heavenly Kingdom of Universal Peace." Afterward wire cords were pissed through the lobes of th**ir ears and they were forced to toil for their conquerors like veritable beasts of burden.
Thus it happened that at Hangchow cooked human fl#«h was openly .sold Ln the streets at the rate of four
tennis ground and beg in a set with- among servant* How did you get out delay. The laiwn wa^ just under into this room? tfhe doors are lock-the windows of Lady Lash mar a fid.”
millions of dollars would be ¦-isted ed not 50 badly considering the pecul- arilJ mj|ijona 0[ nYaa be lost bel iar circumstances ; but, alas, Mary's
s the
I entire country coul 1 be brought under j subjugation.
"i brae zealots are not op-n to reason, as th**y are possessed by strange
I cime as you dame—through the
m.usiter w is called away, as an engineer, to erect a bridge, and during his absence from home hi* valued friend w«ls stolon.
Clarice waa very sweet and Lash-t mar gradually awakened to an idea of her sweetness leave his friends in the billard room, or the smoking-room, of an evening, and to sit by the piano listening to t h ose melodious bits plucked here and
mormng^room, and «he looked up from the newspaper every now and then | Bfl iss door."
to witch them, pleased at the ripening of her plan.
Thry played two sets o/nd then
'You hull been here often 1 sup-
Ho t)egan to
pose?”
"Yes, very often."
"You must never oome again. Do
Wry many of the
uperst it i'ms
Five sad week* passed and lie beg in fJoxej*s, probably by far the larger to think .sh«- iquHt have fallen into the hands of the Boers, However, on
went wandering off towards thie Italian garden, which was* at ihe other I F00 understand?" there out of the heart of a sonata of) end of the castle, out of Lady Lai=th
m i r's ken.
number, hive never in their lives tst-en a European face and believe implicitly the horrible things told about the foreigners.
CHINAMEN WELL ARMED.
"The China men are well armed and they are well supplied with weapons of the latest pattern, many of them manufactured in cur own great arsenals. Shan Tung Province is notable for its men of fine physique and
This province could pro-
rents a "catty."
Even this horrible food g ive out, and the starving inhabitants crawled out-
"I understand tfbat your are cruel,'
reaching home one evening, there.she was waiting outside her stable, thin and tired, but delighted to be home again, little dreaming what anxious times were still in store for her.
One Luteful day the authorities gave orders that no more " mealies ’ must be given to the stock. Fodder was commandeered for the military horses arid the day broke at last when there was absolutely not a mouthful for poor Mary. Her master arose that morning sad and perplexed for her breakfast
bered that his wife had m i a n enemy to cope with to-day straw mattress and two pillows just j etrengt h is formidable and if it Is before the siege began. No sooner expended upon invaders the result iiaid than done. Tbs latter were rip- would be terrible slaughter, l*;d open and Mary had her novel breakfast. Later on with the mi mo fate, and they saved th-m book to life by killing in turn. Mary’s life, or probably " Chevreuil " j A peaceful adjustment of the differ-would have been hex end. She is now enoes might be h id and a compensa-
she answered defiantly, scowling
at him, her heart beating tempestur I side the walls by night to browse on outil y with fury. "I am', glad you are grass and thistles only my dear Lord La.^hmar's half- caught them by tens and fifties and
If you had bewi really his grilled them quick on huge gridirons,
sympathy.
"What a jolly lot you know," exclaimed Lash mar
*
It was upon this garden that the "I wish you'd sing late Lord Lash-mar's rooms opened. ‘Barbara Allen' presently. I was out- Clarice loitered to look, in at one of side in the corridor last night when I he windows of the library, you were singing it.”
Clarice sang her old ballads and Lash ma r listened in dreamy silence.
He wondered whether he was beginning to fall in love with her.
One morning he let the shooters
The T u;pings
brother
brother 1 should have been very sorry I cry ng out de ively to th# garrison
Oh whit a noble room I" she cried
to hate you, but you are not his broth- j "Let us cook you food." er and I don't care how much I hate
peering, in at the spacious apart ment with white marble busts which gleam ed in t he shadowy interior.
"Do you know that I have
Almost equally terrible were the
musstucaies following on the jealous
which were constantly
you.
"You are a very horrid li1 tie p»r~on I quarrels as unpleasant as you are ugly/ said I breaking out between the rival rebel Laflfcm&r, going to the door and un- Wangs
locking it and throwing* it wide open, | lion of powerful l ung Wang, all his "and now march, if you please
down that book and make yourself | the number of JO,000, were beheaded.
The end came in 1864, when t>ordon,
statue
bably place in th«* field nearly 10,000,* 000 closely approaching six feet In
never
seen the famous Lashmar library?* F be said, looking back at Lashmar. "I should like to see it."
Thus, after the assays'na-
¦tart without him. and strolled across the park, and through the fields to the hall, which was about a mile and
He wanted
Whatever China may have But he suddenly remem- been Ln the put, she is no insignifi ant
height
Put followers, both male and female, to
Then you shall," he asnwered cheerily. "Strange that her lady
Her
a half from the castle to eve Clarice in the bosom of her fl^ip should never have taken you in family, to see whether her surround- lo ,00^ at 1 he old Books of Hours and logs were too terrible, the father too 8UC^	valuable rubbish. But the
room have very sad associations for her, on account of my brother almost spent his life in that room.’
"Yes, I kn<yw. I only saw him two or three times, but I thought h nice* Whnt became of that
scarce."
a nice I at the head of h s "Ever Victorious
stormed Nankin Tien Wang committed sul-
"I im afraid she IS not child," said Clarice, shaking her head. I Army," "She is a little demon, a veritable capital.
t he rebel
"If the members of the Legation the bed met ! h « ve been murdered you cannot bring

suggestive of the original barrow. He had seen very little of the Dane-brooks in his boyhood. The pission for was a new erase of her lady-
-sii.y J.
of darkness. I think my brother cide, the military leaders fell flght-
ind the Chinese Government
imp
must h ive liked her on account of I ing
He
butchered the rank and file. In "Just as some people like da oh-1 three months three quarters of a
million Faepings were put to death.
her outlundishuesa."
Cla
Such a policy v\ ould
tion secured save their lives and enormous expenditure# on the pirt of injured na-
well and lively
m so
shunds," said Clarice*
To Be Continued.
The hall wait everything which the cent le was not. It had been built five	dark-eyed girl he addled? I
ami twenty years before, in the midst 9IW wit^ ^ira orve day; such an of a level expanse of meadow land, interesting little thing."
"Oh, she is still here, I believe.
pretty
CRAVING FOR STIMULANTS
NOT THAT WAY
tions."
LORD L0VEL
Waller—So Bilkins rents that £70-
M«y H Avohlnl By kf»r|Hne I» tirmml
4.oo«| Mf I I*.
a-year house of yours, does he ? He pays too much rent.
which during that quarter of a cen* tury h id been in process of education sum where in t he housekeeper's quir
ters," Lishmur answered carelessly.
"How strange that I have hi ppfined to see her!"
Wllil Became of Mini After the Battle of
the K»»fs
One. of the rem i rkalbh? disappearances recorded in English history vm ib it <Vf Lord Lovell* in the battle of
Age Is venerable in man—and it
Landlord, sighing.—You don’t know would be in woman were she to become
old.
That the blood normally; contains stimulants, that these stimulants exercise a favoring influence on function, and conduce to and may even be a necessary faoi or in the production u<f the feeling of well being explains the widespread liking in man and beast for stimulating substance*. This liking, amounting often to a craving, is th? expression- of a great physiological principle. When ih -re is perfect health, whan) the blood is weJi provided wii-h its, proper stimulants, and not oveivhnrgtd with depressants, there is no craving for extraneous stimulants, as afoutool, !
Into a park. A fine carriage drive went from the lodge gates to the hall door, surely the moat uninteresting drive in the country.
Mrs. Da ne brook had just come in from her conservatories, where she snipped off the dead leaves and damaged a few of the plants every morning under the delusion that she was helping the head gardener. The daughter seemed to Lashmar to be a refinement upon the mother, but he told himself that as the mother was* the daughter might be five and twenty years hence.
met his hostess in the hill and she took him to her morning-room, where Clarice was lolling in an easy chair by the window, reading a novel. She rose in confusion at sight of Lash-mar, as if it had been a demi-god entering suddenly, and the transpirent skin was flooded with a lovely blush.
him
never
i
They went in at the glass door, | Siufce, which took place just 113 which Opened into the late Lord Llib
mar's sitting-room. Clarice looked at I the decisive one in
the room with a ncumfoi,
Very Much in Earnest
Tlh-is famous conflict was
years ago.
Uhe War of i he
Roses, and is sum» mes referred >o stricken air, such low, luxurious as the last greet battle on Kug-ehairs; above all, such a snug, home- soil stricken air. It was difficult to iltse that he by whom those things the Red Rose party were notorious,' hid all been chosen, whose hands had and their victory eatalblisihed the cut the leaves of yonder magasines house otf Tudor upon the throne of with that elephant's tusk, thrown England. After Vbe battle all of the oiraleesly across the books, as if he leaders of the White Rose forces hid flung it then—difficult to realize
awe-
Six thousand m n wore left dead upon the field. The foioes of
Are the People Who Testify Below to the Bene, fits Derived From the Use of the Famous Remedies of Dr. A. W. Chase.
ro-
Both the Recipe Book and the great have found the right medicine Family Remedies of Dr. Chase attest cnee I obtained relief Dr. Chase's tea or coffee. But wthkm. it is defec-j bis earnestness and sincere desire to Kidney-Liver Pills have worked won-live with the one and surcharged with benefit his fellow-beings. His just re- tiers for me, and I sh ill always recom-
ward Is f >und in the g ¦ eful apprécia, mend them." tion of hi' grand work by persons who have been benefited. Here are three
At
found dead upon Mb# field ex that he hid been lying in his grave opting Lord level, w'ho wts never for tnoni he ind would never look upon seen again. Many were uhe reasons
givem for ihe di#appa#ÎTâO#e of this Thit shabby little volume in Italian Leader! in tbe> Yorkist party, some as-wor h a thousand pounds jusi b enust* sert in g that he wa# drowned while th re were only two of them extant trying tv eeoipe across —this and one other. It. seemed rtdi- Trent, the weight' of his armor keep-oulous. Her eyes wandered fromVIhe ing his Ibvdy from rising to the, sur-
were
Uh« other,zihvn is, teft the deaarejliui tbo glass of win# or the cup of tea.
In order to oUma/to thus desire we i earnest letters:—
ih it place again
HEALTH FOR OLD ACE.
should seek id keep, Uhe body it the	BAD CASE OF PILES.	I Mrs. Margaret Iron, Tower Hill, N.
highest level of health. The more	B, writes:—"Di*. Chases Nerve Food
„,,wVmu *,	«.I» j&sjj'srx
blood, bo h in letspeov lu ph)s o ogi- bounty, Ont., writes:—"I must send a the length of the house. My hands cif stimulants and deleterious toxins, word of commendation foi Dr. Chaae's trembled au that 1 could not earry a A bliK.il properly, constituted m ;'hc@e Ointment. I was badly used up with pint of water. I was too nervou# to
.m......... eeuRts,VKS2.?sissi-j-*—
gentle stimulant action on Uhe nerv-j first application had such good re_ ous system and induce a condition of suits that f continued using it until I have been completely restored I can
which	cured."
expresses its» If in a feeling of well beiing and happiness, a condition which cannot 6c bettered.
Uhe River
"Her ladyship sect me to ask you
¦ to tennis this afternoon,' said book lo t4le TOom' whlch was lovely. faoe. Another report had it that he
Suddenly, in the mid-st of her con- lied, to the north,• there livung apeas-tfvmplation of the room, she gave a ant s life to* th*v end of his deys little start and touched Lashmar11703, however, an underground room lightly on the wrist
over Lashmar.
" Oh, but I slrae going in any case,' faltered; Clarice'; "dear Lady Lashmar asked me last night.’’
"She was afraid you would forget all about It to-day."
"There is no chance of her forgetting,' said the mother). "She is so fond of Lady Lashmar, I feel quite Jealous sometimes. But it ie so nice for her to he »t the castle.’
While Lis® mar was dawdling in the moi niug-rcom, Mr. Daneibrook came in from hie mod&l farm, fresh arnd breezy
In
Since using Dr. Chase's Nerve Food
discovered under Uhe manor
was
"Whet is that?" she whispered "That" was a small fragile figure, secret chamber was found the skele-a little gui in a black frock, sitting ton of at the further end of t he room, pen h which were hooks, papers, pi ns, do., ed high up on* a library ladder, read- [u another part of the room was a Lng a bSg vo ume which i: was as much molded and decayed, of ancient as her small bands and thin little pattern. This and other reliai fed the arms ooudd do to hold in (tl place descendante of Lord Level to believe hugged against her stooping chest "By Jewel" exclaimed Lashmar. * It I leJ.y h1s dimappm ranee.
house of the Lovek estate. In this
walk a mile without any inconvenience Though 74 years old and quite fleshy, 1
do my own hsu«e work, and consider. Mrs. Don. 850 James street north, able sewing, knitting an 1 reading be-Hamilton, Ont., says:—"I have been a sides Dr. Chess # Nerve Food has martyr to sick keadache. Though 1 proved of inestimable value to me" tried numerous remedies, none seemed Imitators of Dr Chase's Remedies to bring relief. At times I found nay- do not dare to reproduce his portrait self on the verge of despair; nothing and signature, which ere found e# met my case. I recently procured a every hoi of his genuine remedies. At
SICK HEADACHE.
seated at a table on
a m/m


*
BE DEFINITE
Magistrate* Youir profwssbonf Elegant Man. Artist in hair.
Magistrate* Express yourself m* re box of Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pills, all dealers, or Edmanmsa, Bates A Ce* clearly—Garber or bruwbmak rf	> ami am thankfu.1 to say that at last I Toronto.
tfcit1hay had, at last solved the my*-




###PAGE###4###








eue
And Remeir)ber It I
BNTRAL ANADA
Exhibition Association
Ottawa, Oat.
Reports from Lord Roberts on Monday
state that General Prinsloo with 6,000
Free State Boers has nude an unconditional surrender. This should bring the end considerably nearer than it appeared a week ago.
THE EQUITY.
Mr. McLeod Stewart, the promoter of the Georgian Bay Canal, ia out with a lengthy address to the electors of Carle-eton county, soliciting their support at the next general election for the Dominion Parliament. Mr. Stewart announces that ho will support Sir Charles Tuppet.
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . . .
SHAWVILLE, AUG. 2, 1900
c
EDITORIAL NOTES
THE MARKETS.
See our
SHAWVILLE.
Wlient, (standard) 75c.
Oats per bushel, 20 to 27c. Pease per bushel, 00 to tlOr. Kggs, per dozen, lie Butter, per pound, 00 to 10c. Wool, per pound, 10 to lSc. Pelts, each, 45 to 75c. Calfskins, 40 to 50e.
Government papers are explaining that the ten Liberals who voted against the emergency rations report in the House of Commons were not all good Liberals, some having Patron and some independent ideas. The position is not discourag-ng to the Conservative Opposition. It means that there is only a solid Liberal majority of fourteen to overcome on elect ion day.—Montreal Gazette.
By the bursting of a boiler in a sawmill at Cache Bay last week the building was blown up and Andy Quinn the tire-man, was killed.
Sturgeon Falls is to have a combination French and English paper, to be published weekly by Mr. J. A. Brouaseau, late of Le Tempi, Ottawa.
Section Grinder.
¦ ¦¦
It will grind your knives in less time without taking any temper from the steel, than any other Grinder on the market to-day.
The dutch for the holding of our Exhibition
thl> year are from
The Secretary-Treasurer in account with the School Municipality of the township of Clarendon.
The resignation of Mr. XV. J. Pvupore, ai federal representative for this county, owing to his becoming associated in the execution of a government contract, will naturally put people in a speculative mood, as to what the future will bring forth, touching the representation of Pontiac. Of candidates the political horizon seems to be freighted with an abundance ; but just who is to be favorod with the nomination of the two dominant parties is still a matter of some doubt. A prominent Liberal tells us that Mr. Thomas Murray is sure to be the candidate of that 1. party, while we have it on almost as good June 30 By Balance due Secretary-Treasurer authority that Dr. Gaboury, and Mr. P. j July 4 Mrs. Jas. Findley, bnl. sweeping
<> Reilly, of Ottawa, (both Liberals) will	*
enter the lists against all comers the Conservative aide we hear the names of Mr. Jas. W. Bryson, J. M. McDougall, H. K. Egan, George Bryson, jr., E.
Graham, H, S. Dowd and G. H. Bra-bazon, though as far as we are aware none of these gentlemen have expressed any desire for the distinction. We take it that those of them who live in and belong to the county will be governed by the decision of the Conservative association as voiced in representative convention, when it is deemed advisable to hold such ; and so for the present it is just a little premature to conjecture who the coming man will be. Whoever he may be, how. over, we trust there will be no dissentions as to his selection. A united party means meeting the enemy on equal footing, and with this essential to a fair contest assured there need be no apprehension of the result. Those who have been charged with the task of getting an expression of opinion in their several polling subdivisions, should be particular that the work is thoroughly done, as a preliminary to securing unity and solid organization when the battle begins, and the prospects are we will have it in October or November.
e

Entries close 13th Sept.
COLD MEDALS
in lint as Special Prizes
The Largest List of Specials offered by any Exhibition !
y*
Di
M
s
$846 41
2387 27 827 40 107 76 65 00
To amount of arrears per last audit......
Total tax as per Collection Roll School fees...
Elt montanrt »
Superior Educational Grant.. Overcharge A and W. Elliott
Judgment, W. Belslier........
Costs and registration......
Elementary Gov’t. Grant.....
Fees collected by teachers.... Pension Fund................
A few of our
v't. tirant
Celebrated No. 7 IVjowers

loj
10 50 6 75
still on hand
107 76
5 IK)
o
40 00
No effort will l>e spared to make this year's Exhibition the beat exer held by the Association.
The grounds and buildings are now in excellent condition and up to date in every respect.
14412 86
SMART & SMITH.
—CR. —
18 771
4 00
2 00
Mrs. John Richardson, bal. sweeping
Mabel Armstrong, supplies...........
ev, over-charge one child... Hudgins, sweeping... ....

P. S. Binder Twine, good quality at low prices.
to
J
4
On
2 00
Geo. Conic Mary A Frank Hughes John Palmer, all claims.
E. W. Hudgins, auditor Win. Dean, rebate ....
Thus. Prendergast, repairs.................
Exemptions................................
James R. Hurner............................
Ellen Hobin, bal. sweeping.................
Ethel Johnston ............................
J. A. Cowan, bill to date..................
tic rge \llan, sweeping.............
Postage, Ac., $1.74 ; telegram to Miss Kirk
wood....................................
Thomas ( ieorge Johnston, firewood.........
James Wilson, rebate over value............
Henry T. McDowell, sweeping and firing----
Lock f«»r wood shed.......................
Jas, Jones, lighting fives, Ac..............
1 box of crayons for Miss Harvey...........
Win. C. Belslier, firewood.................
Jas. Crick, work on school No. 1............
Samuel Dale, for pine.......................
Mrs. Jas. Findley, price of poker...........
Mrs. A. Pirazier, exemption................
Mrs. Jas Findley, dusting, Ac...............
G. F. Hudgins, chalk and broom..............
George H. Bradford, 14 registers............
Jas. t
Rajph 11"i tier, rebate.....................
î. F. Hudgins, hill of sundries...;........
Wm. T. McDowell, work on school No. 4-------
George Hudgins, sweeping and lighting tires at No. t>......................................
4
o
13 00 20 00 13 76
6
Tie Special Attractions
»
6 OO
10

will be the best that money
can procure.
Modern and Realistic Spectacular
e # *
1 00

10
2 2d
10

25 721
10
6 00 6 00
10
18
Æm Patent Express
12 00 14 25 7 75
29
Aug
\
5
" Battle of Paardeburg
Buggy Wheels and Surrender of Cen-
«
2 It) 2 25 13 75 19 00

25
and
1
Nq.t
W
1
20
1
7
15 55
l
(Tired or not)
This i.s the famous battle in which our
15
1
: 721 15 40
1 35
,	Canadians took such a prominent and
At Bottom Prices. ''reftivi i>ftrt
21
L'*
Oct
t#’ See the Battle re produced on the Ex hihition Grounds.
15
4
IVjcDOUGALL and CUZNEIfS Hardware Stores,
25 88] 2 00
Nuv
1
o
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
Reduced Rates
on all lines of travel*
13
23
2 50 10 08 5 IX)
1	31
2	00
Dee
Armstrong, bills
| For Prize list and all information write
8
MCMULLEN’S -
POULTRY NETTINGS and LAWN FENCINGS
12
i
14
E. McMAHON, Sec y,
20 Sparks Street,
OTTAWA
18
13 OO
Are not Surpae»ed in the World
1 00
George Hudgins, une load of pine M. Armstrong, fur piling wood.. M. Corrigan	*'	“
Robt. Smart, repairs...........
Joseph Murphy, repairs.........
M. Armstrong, 1 box crayons----
Mrs. Jas. Findley, sweeping....
Wm. B. Armstrong, repairs.....
Geo. Kennedy, piling wood......
18

1 IK)
18
Wm. HUTCHISON, P.,
President
T. C. BATE,
Treasurer
1 00
Their
18
2 94 2 50
20
22
That C. L. Agency Shuffle
P. S. See Massev-Harris Co's Specials
ON PAGE 4 À AM) 4 B OK PhIZE LIST.
15
have stood over 15 yeïrs of successful testing on farm and railway.
23
2 OO
26
There is no longer room for doubt, it seems, that the Quebec Government has parcelled out a portion of the old, long established “ Coulonge Crown Lands j.m x Agency,” and tacked it on to the Hull , uttice. Just what the move has been executed for has not transpired, and what i seems to be still more astonishing, i that the idea was carried out without the '
1 00
28
75
29
SPECIAL OFFERS MA DK THIS YEAR ON
Dale Bros
HOC FENCING.
Thtis. Fades, banking school, 50c. ; chalk,
Mrs. A. Thomas, sweeping................
R. Richardson, for pine.................
W. C. McDowell, repairs.................
Mrs. Jas. Findley, lighting tires......
8. Smiley, firewood.....................
John Robitaille.........................
Express charge on chart.. ..............
John Grant, repairs on school............
Robt. Telford, f. *r latch and pane of glass..
John Conley, for lock....................
Mary Telford, sweeping...................
Samuel Horner, dry pine..................
John G. Elliott, for school sheds........
J. Lester, for mending poker.............
Geo. Wainman, furnace for No. 1 school...
Jas. V Carson, banking school............
William Ernies, note.....................
Robt. J. Wilson, pine....................
Robt. Ralph, piling wood.................
Thus. Dean, work.........................
Simon Bar her, contract for wood.........
Moses McCord, repairs....................
John Robiard, firewood...................
Jus. Wilson, pine........................
Mrs. Jas. Findley, sweeping..............
Mrs. Alfred Thomas, sweeping.............
Fred Tippins, rebate and firewood........
James Elliott, firewood..................
Wm. Sturgeon, lighting fires and sweeping
Montreal Witness advertisement...........
Wm. Smart, firewood......................
B. Workman, firewood.....................
Rev. Carey, f«»r 12 maps.................
Robt. Storey, 1 child under age..........
R. H. Whiteside, deputy examiner.........
Robt. Strutt, for sick child.............
R. \V. Hudgins, deputy examiner for 99..
Mrs. Jas. Findley, sweeping..............
G. Ardley, sweeping......................
J. Robiard, for firewood.................
Miss Kirkwood, bill of supplies..........
Miss McFarlanc, “	“	............
Miss Steven, bill of supplies........
Miss Willetta Armstrong, bill of supplies,.
Miss Jennie Currie, bill of supplies.....
Miss Flora Currie, “	“	......
Mrs. A. Thomas, Mance of contract........
Jennie Armstrong, bill of supplies.......
D. B. Stevenson, contract sweeping .......
Miss Sly,	“	“	.........
Mabel Armstrong, bill of supplies.........
Miss Corrigan, bill of supplies...........
Miss Willetta Armstrong, bill of supplies...
A. and W. Elliott, overcharge.............
Miss Corrigan, bill of supplies...........
Copy of Valuation Roll for 1899...........
Amount for taking census..................
Postage and stationery....................
Salary Secretary Treasurer................
Paid teachers’ salaries...................
Amount of arrears taxes still due.........
Balance cash on hand......................
65
15c

3 00
11
These Goods are all manufactured by the Ontario Wire Fencing Co., Limited, of Picton, Ont.
3 00
16
3 OO 2 00
17
I Feb y
19
l>
Practical
Tinsmiths
SHAWVILLE,
7 87
10
For sale by the Hardware Merchants and General Dealers throughout Canada. Also by the Canadian Hare ware JoMwrs.
GEN. AGENTS The G. Greening Wire Co. of Hamilton and Montreal.
Agent for Railway Fencing James Cooper, Montreal.
Corresponde nee with Manufacturers invited.
9 90
1 10
10
17
knowledge, consent or approval of either Mr. Gillies or Hon. Mr. Bryson, the representatives of the County at Quebec. I Alarcli 9 As our Bryson contemporary rather aptly puts it, this is certainly a “ slap on the face,” and one which the people of the section affected will be likely to remember when the time comes to reckon with the Liberal government which presently | April 2 engineers the affairs of the province. Un der the new order of things—the creation of which cannot be supported by even the ghost of a defence—the people of Clarendon, Thorne, Bristol, Onslow and AldfielJ, who have business to transact at the Crown Lands office, will be obliged to journey to the city of Hull for that purpose, involving, in the case of those belonging to Thorne and Clarendon, at least, both loss of time and additional exwhile the condition of those liv-
65
24
25
28
1
25
6 00
9
2 85
15
WnntpH A Travelling I* &II ICU General Agent
274 00
23
Are well equipped to supply all the demands
THE SPRING AND SUMMER TRADE with a complete stock of all necessary articles in
05
23
*
y
70 00 2 00 160 OO
28
U
2 20

l oo
6
21 39]
12
An experienced canvasser, or a man with good y.»	, a n atcu/a nr
character and address, with the necessary ability ^	I tW/\nt.
to travel from town to town and appoint agents. I Orders for Special Arti-
No canvassing. Salary and expenses paid. Posi- tinUon" " T^toorac“a tion permanent and promotion according to merit. | specialty,
The Bradley-Carretson Co
BRANTFORD, ONT.
6 35
12
1 13
9 50
12
14
4 75
17
2 00
18
5 00
18
13 70
19
6 40
21
20 00
J une 6
1 00
9
6 80 9 45 16 80 2 00 10 85
11
HIGHEST FPICE PAID
for Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Cowhides.
12
• 9 Limited,
pense
ing in the other townships mentioned will m no-wise be improved. If they know anything at all, those in charge of the branch of the administration responsible must be cognizant of this fact. Then why the change unless to satisfy the demands of a needy henchman, whose devotion to party interests is not already sufficiently recompensed ? Decenter far and more above board too, it would have been, to take the agency, body and bones, and handed it over to some local man, if there existed the shadow of an excuse for tampering with it at all.
It will surprise us if Mr. Gillies, the people's representative, does not ask for some explanations regarding this matter, and when he has obtained them, we
13
16
Mention this paper
18
3 60
19
7 95 4 00
21
.303 Calibre.
30
13 00
30
7 75 2 44
30
10
mr

55
X
30
Savage Magazine Rifle.
1 75
30
1 00
30
73
30
1 28
30
6 00
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Only Hammerles Smokeless 6-Shooter.
30
4)
2 65
30
One rifle takes six different cartridges Point Blank Range for Hunting.
10 00 12 90
Finest and safest rifle ever made for large or small game.
Write for complete 1909 Catalogue.
30
30
UTICA. N. Y., U. S. AMERICA.
55
30
•t
12 00 12 00
30
A calculation of the vote cast in the parliamentary elections of 189b gives the division as follows
30
Ottawa, July 24.—A great deal of dissatisfaction is expressed amongst contractors in Ottawa and Hull, with the Brovin-cial Government of Quebec, with respect to the rebuilding of the Hull Court House and gaol, a job which will cost $50,000 to $60,000. I nstead of advertising for tenders for the work in the newspapers in the
usual way, the Government hae written to a few friendly contractors inviting private tenders. It is scarcely necessary to state that no Conservative contractors were invited to tender.
After a long period of imprisonment,
which he endured more like a ferocious
beast than like a human being, Geronimo,
one of the most bloodthirsty Indians that
ever figured in history, has -gone stark
mad. He is a prisoner at Fort Sill, I. T.
It c*st the Government a million dollar*
and hundreds of lives before he was safely
behind iron bars fourteen years ago. For almost half a century he led a band cf bloodthirsty Apaches on the war path, and was a terror to the early settlers of the south west.

*30
2 06
30
would suggest that he let his constituents into the whye and wherefores of it. They would like to know.
8 00
30
419,836
397,459
39,298
34.393
Conservative
Liberal....
Patron.....
Independent
It will not need many votes diverted from the smaller factions to give the party which secured the greatest number four S141 ‘ s, j ye^ra ago the place its strength entitles
10 00
30
8 00
30
120 00
:30
1242 71l
2450 00 694 798 25 34j
30
War has not yet been declared against China by any nation, but in the fighting •o far the allies have lost 800 men, and the Chinese $1,000. The Chinaman fights from behind atone walls just as vigour I I ously as the Boer, but he stays there and I believe the same to be correct takes his medicine when the cover in
Shaw ville, June 20th, 1900.
30
30
We have examined the accounts and vouchers of your Secretary-Treasurer and
An explosion in a celluloid collar fsc-at Chicago last week resulted in the
}
J. R. Horner, E. W. Hodoinh,
toro
death of four female employees
Auditors
broken






r i






###PAGE###5###
4


THE EQUITY,
\X ANTED—Honest man or woman to travel for large bouse ; salary $08 mouth-ly and exptm»«?N, with Increase; poeltlou permanent ;Inclone aelf-addrenaed stamped envelope. MANAGER. 3,'tO Caxtou bldg. Chicago.
Monday, July 16% 1900.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
A Weekly Journal devoted to looal Interests.
PUBLISH KD EVERY THURSDAY
AT BHAWVILLE. Co. PONTIAC, QUK.
SUBSCRIPTION—$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages e paid, unless by special arrangement with ublleher.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
-oo-o-o-o-
To-day inaugurates our
Court Shawville,
No 816.
JOE
A. SMILEY, Prop.
ml.
Meet* the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court due* mu*t be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
:o:
Big CUT-PRICE Sale Farmers, t0,side,,	,
When about to buy a new Binder, why select one that is full of defects, when you can get one built on modern and correct principles ?
ADVERTISING HATES :
LUC.
Legal advertising, eight cent* per line for flmt Inset-lion and four cents per Hue for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one inch Inserted at gl.ou per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per Hue for first Insertion and three ceuls for subsequent Insertions.
Comjnervlal advertising by the month or f«jr longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Inslruc-fisrtis accompanying them will he Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices nub-
Obltuary poetry th
I. A. Cowan, IIS.
H. 8. Barnett, F.B
J. W. Kaden, C. R
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
of all Summer Coods !
81 Nepean St., Ottawa, Ont.,
Lumber of All Kinds Bought and Sold. | Shoppers
cannot afford
Prompt Attention given to alii tO delay ! Commissions. Prompt	____
?
Best
Barf.rst1 I The Frost & Wood
New
?
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
limbed free of charge, ecu tu per Hue.
ree
?
go

JOB PRINTING.
Returns.
Commission Business a Specialty.
x V
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
Now for Cotton Hosiery, Blouses, Wrappers,
Crash Outer Shirts, and Fancy Sateen and Pique Mo Q RINflFR • I Underskirts, White Gowns and Ladies’ Underwear.1111 Ue ^ °mütn
gy See the new Khaki Skirting
-1A regular sweeping up of Men’s Underwear and
-r, * nr	Ladies and Children’s Straw Hats.
HAVING PARLOR, I Special drive in Ladies’ Silk and Taffita Gloves.
JOIfN StylTIJ, Proprietor.
ItKrEREKCE* BY PEBMIMIOM :
Denis Murphy. Prêt. Ottvwa Transportation Co F. W- Avery., Hull Lumber Co.
J. T. Shlrrilt, K U. Eddy Co.
Latchford & MtDougall, Barristers.
J dm lli-ney à Mono.
H. N. lit Ut & Mon.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.
K

/
Business Cards.

COMBINES ALL THE LATEST AND BEST IMPROVEMENTS TO BE FOUND ON ANY HARVESTING MACHINE MADE. SEE IT.
MEDICAL.
HAWVILLE
s
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B/V, M.D..C.M.
Graduate of McGill University,*
Office—Residence of the late Dr. H. II Knftx, Shawville.
Special Bargains in all Departments 1
The spot spot for—
Headquarters for
Stylish Rigs, Wagons, Harness, Harvesting Tools and all Farm Machinery-
A FASHIONABI.R HAIR CUT,
Good Shampoo, or A Clean Suavb.
Farmers’ Attention I
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
•I
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto, Ornci and Residence : J. H Armmtboso's House, MAIN STREET - - SHAWVILLE,
Your Tuni next.
We make a specialty of keeping certain lines of goods not usually to be found in other stores. Be sure and come direct to us for the following :
Portland Cement, Plaster Paris, Plasterers’ Hair, Cylinder Oil, Sole Leather, Grain Cradles, Cradle Fingers, Galvanized Iron, Nails, (all sorts and sizes), Tarred ond Dry Felt Papers, Barn Door Hinges and Rollers, Herbageum—the great animal blood purifier ; Window Screens and Screen Doors,
Glass Gem Jars, for preserving time, Snyder Rifles (long and short), ammunition,
Pure Paris Green,
Tangle Foot and Fly Pads, &c.
?
I
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
NISH and
DOOR

A. SMILEY - SHAWVILLE.
LEGAL.
t
(
!
BOÜRBEAD RAINVILLE, L. L, L,
? '?

—ALL KINDS OP-
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON will visit Shawville every Monday. | JuJgpjflF & EllGtiOF
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs
»—
u
f
THE IMPROVED
Alpha de Laval
%
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Room 2d, Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Out.
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over G. F. Hodglns* Store, Main HI.
MANUFACTURED.
Barbed Wire,
I
DOORS, SASH. NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, &v. à,
Kept iu stock and made to Order.
LIMBER DRESSED AT POPULAR PRICES.
»

PA.
o


BABY No. 1
Thirjk of t^e worry aqd expense saved by buyiqg here !
\
CEO. C. WRIGHT, McCREDIE&HODGINS.
will save you $10 per cow
per year
The price» are net at list to one and all alike—no
discount.
f %
Estimates furnished.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C
* OF THE lytOVINt K OF QUEBEC, Molaona' Bank Chambers—
Phone No. 1173.
Law business In Ottawa and Pontiac Dis tricts attended to.
+ *7
14 Metcalfe St.. Ottawa.
Monster

Teachers Wanted.
Pie-Nie
At EGAfilVILLE, Ont.,
Saturday, Aug 4, 1900.

jt|0 DIFFERENCE.

W. W. IRELAND,
I
m
Write for particulars to
J
Rallied two Protestant teachers with Elementary Diplomas to teach in school section No. 1 and 2, in the township of Deslie.	Address,
H. H. SEAMAN. Otter Lake, Que.
W. S. CLARKE, /
* AGENT FOR PONTIAC, /
MOREHBAD, - - QUE. ']
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court,
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satisfactorily.

The fact that the name of
>ur place of business has been changed n	,	ui j I ll Ifroin Parkumn to Starke's Corners makes
Greater dnd njorc Wonderful than | no difference with us. ever ! Come and be Convinced.

£
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
CEO. HYNES
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
NOTARY PURL! \ NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND SAVINGS CO., OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, -
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
We are still in the old stand, doing business on the same fair, square-dealing lines and ever ready to meet the requirements of our customers.

5*. ff >
o
—«*
4 •'
Vf*
Vf*
X I
L
Special C. P. R. train leaves Ottawa at 7.15, a. m.; Sand Point, 9.45, a. m.; Ren
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
QUE.
frew, 10.Ud, a. m. Regular morning train During the present leaves Haley's at 8.39, a m.
season we wish to direct special attention to our
I
FARM FOR SALE. ! T H E
NEW AND COMPLETE STOCK OF
Return Tickets good on all Trains
for three days.
From OTTAWA
SAND POINT ..
“ RENFREW “ HALEY'S
Return Special C. P. R. train leaves Egan-ville at 7 p. m.
R. MITCHELL,
PORTAGE DU FORT
Rear Part of Lot lion the 7th Range of , the township of Bristol, containing about j , 90 acres of land, 80 <>f which are cleared A large, well-selected and varied stock of | and in a state of cultivation. House, barn,
stable and ot her buildings erected there. For further port iculars apply to
JAMES LEACH.
Weirstead P. O. Î
$1 23
e •
t •
Summer
BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, for the District of Pontiac. Office, Main St:, Hbawvtlle.
Accounts collected and prompt returns made.
75
XSO
Roller tyill
• •
Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
70
• •
Goods
OH
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
TiAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT J* Hk^rrvllU . Que., respectfully solicits engagements for any business In connection with all Courts In the County, Collections in idea ndp-ompt ret urusassu red
%.»
IN UNDERTAKING
i
—o—
Rev. P. S. Down ALL,
Director.
which embrace a varied assortment of the newest lines in the market, and only need examination to recommend them to customers.
J. A. Kitt, Secretary.
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
WANTED !
District and Country.
GENERAL.
TEAS! TEAS!
Rebuilding at Hull and around the Chaudière is said to be considerably retarded owing to the scarcity of labor.
FRESH and CURED
# # e	• • •
Our stock of Teas stand unsurpassed in quality and price. It will pay you to give them a trial.
JA8. DOPE & Co.
ANCFACTURIXO STATIONERS .BOOK9EL 1er*, Bookbinder» Printers, etc. Depository f the Ottawa Auxiliary BibleSociety,Ottawa,Out.
An Active Canvasser
In Pontiac County, to work
amongst farmers, to represent the LARGEST NURSERY IN CANADA,
STONE & WELLINGTON, of TORONTO.
Permanent position to good, steady man; pay weekly, free outfit and good terms. Splendid local references will be supplied as to our stock and reliability, to assist in canvassing.
First Quality Flour.
M
Kingston, July 28.—Dr. R. F. Carmichael, a house surgeon at the Kingston General Hospital, was drowr.ei in. _ ..	_ _ . .	, , . . ___
the harbor there last night by being | SILAS V O U NG
Miss Oldrieve, whu
. MEATS
Farmers favoring this Mill with tiieir custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
J. J. TURNER,
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County | upset from a canoe, gM
was with him, was saved.
STARKE'S CORNERS.
Pontiac. Hales conducted In a business-like and satisfactory manner. Goods or articles
—ZïïpEp
Wh.ch were Bred Ind1.cnmm.tel7 by the jn the Hou,e when ful, 213 member,
mob*	and this death rate is about one in every
Toronto, July 25—Patrick G. Close, thirteen, for many years a prominent citizen, died
this morning under peculiar circumstan Smith Dorrien s brigade, which includes ces. About two weeks ago he was bit in the Shropshire8, the Cornwall^, the Gor the neck by a mosquito, and scratched the dons, and the Canadians, since February spot until the blood came. A few days 12, has marched 620 miles, generally on afterwards he began to show symptoms of short rations, been present at the taking blood poisoning, and despite all the efforts of ten towns, fought in ten actions of im-of his physicians died early this morning, portance, and participated in twenty-On Thuradey Rom Purvie, aged 10. dis- «even other engagement., twenty-one of appeared from North Bay. He was last which took place in a period of thirty day,, seen riding hie bicycle near the new Gov during which it marched 32, miles. That eminent wharf. Search was made for the first contingent did good work in g od * unfortunate lad, but no trace of him was company, and it helped to make the corn-
found till Monday afternoon when his P&ny
wheel was discovered in the Bay and the what	to be . ne„ potato peat
body was afterwards discovered about ten hM in^, sppti,rance in and around feet away from where the bicycle waa. ^ard, N. S. Harry Clarke lately noticed Late reporta say that the outlook for an iDB€Ct like a fly, which settled on a crops in Manitoba hat much improved row 0f tansy on his farm and devoured since the government issued its last bulle- the herb. The insects then alighted tin which was not encouraging. There is patch of potatoes near by and completely now a hope that an average of fifteen stripped them of leaves. When Paris bushels to the acre will be produced, green waa applied the pest flew to another SILVERWARE which it a very good average all things part of the potato field. They are causing Ac. *c.	considered. In Minnesota and the two considerable discussion among farmers,
Dakotas the prospects have not much im- who think the insect may become as great proved. Though they have had rains ora greater nuisance than the destructive ¦ ¦ I through these parts, these came rather and annoying potato bug.—Kentville, N.
SHAW7ILLE.il>*'tobeo,MrriM- ________ s. wedg*. •
of all kinds at
The color war broke cut vigorously at
JOSEPH BROWN,
THE SHAWVILE
iVjeat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
Proprietor,
hand for sale; Office : Shawville, Que.
FOR SALE:
HOTELS.
Apply to
A quantity of—
St. Lawrence Hall,
C. K GRIGG
Boards Laths and Shingles.
t
9
oar
T., Q
RENFREW, Ont.
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress*
Proprietor.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bur always well fumlahed.
, First-class Livery Attached.
PATENTS
Bristol Wharf
THIS IS THE SEASON
ii
FOR
Ice Cream Fresh Fruit,
Choice Candies, Confectionery, &c.,
PROMPTLY SECURED
FERRY
£
•im
5
i
i
o
Write for our interesting books " Inventor’s Help" and •• Mow yoe ere swindled.” Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Refected applications have been successfully prosecuted *y us. conduct fully equipped offices in Montr and Washington ; this qualifies us to prom ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patenta as broad as the invention. Highest references furnished.
Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special notice without charge in over too newspapers distributed throughout the Dominion.
Specialty Patent business of Manufacturers and Engineers.
MARION & MARION
. Patent Experts end Solicitera.
/ New York Life B'ld'g. flaw f Offices, t Atlantic Bit*. Washington
u^vvvvvvyvvvvvvvvvvvv
CHANCE OF TIME.
The undersigned having had two years' experience in ferrying passengers Itctween Bristol Wharf and Sand Point will continue to do so this season as follows :
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER


often
and
We
JEWELLER
Leave Bristol Wl\arf
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8.00 a m., and 4.00, p.m.
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK 0T
on a
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY.
All to be had at the popular Fruit and Grocery Store—
Leave Sand Point
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m.,
D. WILSON’S
Meeting all Trains.
RspAinnm—
a Speciality:
?
CEORCE BALLANTINE,
Ferryman.
DC.
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE,
	
###PAGE###6###


1
"fl
TT*

»
,.fe










w
an oven distribution of salt, the heat | grain wue obtained with butter washed iu water at 40 degrees and worked immediately.
!
which was written somewhere In the second century. A.I)., was discovered in 1840 and i»u,ro baaed by the Uibllo-thvque Nationale. The M.ti. was frequently referred to by ancient auth-
e à» i'm	11. i mn iViiuAkVi «V«V*V Zee#/*
SOMETHING QUITE NBW-
EVBR AT THE FRONT, Like the British Army-
»
Agricultural!
ttWWWWWVMWWAMIWVWWMVWWfl^




MAKING OPEN DITCHES
ore, und Un i u seems uo reason tu doubt that it is
POULTRY ON TUN FARM
really the wo.k el ^fcjYLON TEA	to mu.
the famous physicians. He that as it may, it is noteworthy that the treat-Saino flavor aw Japan, only more delicious, ise is scientific anticipation of the
On stiff clay
hunt open dit oho* No matter how
iUvl/felt, end Is i»|i|Uly	Us wsy W •*« frmV
LEAD PACKAGES. 26, SO, *#, 10 and St*
The bulk of the poultry output
oomee to the farm where it receives thoroughly underdrained, during the least attention, and consequently heavy yields the smallest profit
are a neoeaeity
CEYLON GREEN TEA
a
¦¦¦¦lor protracted rain the close
w ith texture of the noil prevents the water '	- ‘ 11X1	"W1—	1	1 * ^ banting system, which became popular
ohoap lands, cheap feod and cheap la- being absorbed as fast as it falls. Even line Is the friendship fob. which is s llbout lhe middl" oI this century. liai-
,T’ lt ls tkW:,ible to realize lhe ve,y , on sandy or gravelly land there is an ,|ik ribbem with from five to nine or ou #'ro«ates the use of drugs, and
‘"’"Jr1 r!LU'T hBre; . ïher“ 13 "° vco'laional d»« ntxmr too fast for the ton sterling silver hearts and sterling 'hat the proper way to reduce fat ock <m t ho firm that brings u a a land to drink it upi This neoaesi» mmi n tings	is by dieting, lie recommends eating
—HEErE	EE S=~H=
«..thing will respond to good care and medium of open ditches In meadow	ribbon being an ,mport.nl fea-
.	.	.	.	„	, turo in the deration of many sty-
land, where the water flows only a .	,
portion of the year, the ditch should cos llItl(va*
many in one place. Do not be made shallow and broad, say about Sh‘rrln* "	much ln evidpno"
make buildings too expensive. Have i f, llwp and gradually sloping to on the npw ,hin 8,,wni- 8kir,s are thorn warm, light, well ventilated and (be banks on each side lift. away. ahirrod around thu toP' «l^eves from fiw from dampness. Allow about A uilch o( this kind wj„ 'sod over the shoulder to the elbow, and usually
five feat of floor sp.ee to each bird. ln one year auJ L, tm, so ll#ep but U,*'re U e "hlrr,’d f"ka to matoh'
Have perches low down and movable. (h.lt # mower can be run across it A Naw York ctmoeru ha* Produo"d
a straw sailor hut with an unbreakable brim. This will be welcome news to both men and women wearers. This
<3
9
4
4
4
$
s
*1

i
z?
in


saying that
quvntmg mountains aquatic birds are fat-producers. Une of the mast curious hints is that vegetables which have been preserved in vinegar or brine are food fur the fat, and therein he anticipates the " Mixed pickles, which are considered on t ho
N
t
systematic treat mont su liberally.
U a large flock is to be kept do not house too
i 111!
y

• •
• •

••
Continent to be a purely English invention. Some of his recommendations

I he droppings easily
can be removed
bv flit.
. In feeding
read very comically nowadays, but nil of them are full of common sense, and it seems extraordinary that so much knowledge should be lost to the world for so many years. There is nothing new undor the sun, not even the present craze for a slim figure and Galen's treatise shows us that after all
at every point, also loaded wagons.
s:{y	Deep ditches that now cut up pasture
¦ ¦	end	meadow* land can be made	shal- |
Feed	twice	iow	and broad by flowing in	from	bat	oan be rolled	like i hoop without
i hf' range of	each	side and seeding down with	some	(^amaF6	fhu	edge.
Give soft food of some tenacious grass. If they are crooked 1 The Mflh is an important feature of
fit?-"*
Lvt perches abcul (hire inches broad
• • « a
##
# # *
f»'v. Is provide u variety a «t,i \ when fowls have the f
rm
k ml nu i n ng>. and gr lin evenings. you 0iin j0 IUUoh' to strengthen them
XV mu and	not 8l°^	by making a channel across the bends. | ^ btUn*	embroidered in floral or
u	Ui	lietighs.	Scattrr	If jn p|aoe6 the incline is so steep as	other artistic designs, some finishing	i	people	of	1700 years	ago	were men of
f,' M	’	"l	vl'11 ' kind, on i he	liable to wash, fill in during a dry	in fringe.	The majority of the new	j	like	passions with	ourselves.
‘,u s	'	1 b’Vl* to	lVork fur	time to the proper depth with loose	sashes are	wide and of very delicate	|	e
soil and pive with stiff sods, takes a little work, but pays well
the summer gown, the most handsome
l\v
it
wt
N»m«* meal and bone should fot m
coloring
BACK
ACHE
°f the ration two or three t week
a part
times
v ! m >st i ny of i he
vegn i tiles used on the farmer's table
" II be relished by the fowls and will be found
COMMON DEFECTS OF VISION
THE WHOLE COUNTRY SINGS ITS PRAISE.
DOCTOR HAMMORD-HALL'S ENGLISH TEETHING SYRUP
COMFORTS CRYING CHILDREN.
** *°4371
Thfre*» no lens ways to stn* its praise Than when they Aral begun.
D^iAtffsa is*».
BRITISH CHEMISTS COMPANY, Sol. Proprietor, of
DR. HAMMOND HALL'S NERVO-HEART PILLS,
BABY’S LAXATIVE TABLETS, ETC
ee-m LONDON, ENG.,
HORSES NOT AS HARDY AS MEN
Itr.ifton* Why Prruni'» Having Aar «I TU m
"himhi I ve G.ikipa.
conducive to their health *#d to the production of
bggs
'Iritf « ml llaiilri *l»«»w ilie luliiiaks "ui rumh l« llimurr nail liUlmif,
The three defects of eyesight which are moat commonly encountered in otherwise healthy persons, and which can be mHire or less perfectly overcome
A constant supply of clean
" 11 ,M should be furnished ; also furnish them
gravel.
pure
?
There hive been many instances in with plonty of lime tnd which fights have been lost or won Plaster supplies both
lie- according to the number and oondi- by means of glasses are near-sigh ted-11 trillion should be given t ho tiun of the horse engaged. W hen the ness, far-sightedness, and asiigm.il-h«Mi during the process of incubation
gul
If vou have Backache you have Kidney Disease. If you neglect Backache it will dgvelop into something worse—Bright » Dis-Diabetes. There Is no
our
eie ge of Plevna commenced the Bus- Lsm. These are all important, for, he-
^ Ks b,'8t L" hive a regular brood- elans were bringing all their stores sides the discomfort and annoyance of ing house for sitters; Put sulphur
and food from Sistova, by the aid of imperfect sight, thu involuntary ef-
111 " ^ *lt‘ n,vsrs destroy vermin. UG.UUU da aft horses, and at the end of forts which the sufferer makes to see
^,t'1 1 lr 1 b1 (‘-ks are out of the vhell the siege it was foil.id that ho less better strain the eyes, and not only let them rein i in
•i
ease or
use rubbing and doctoring y back. Cure the kidneys. Th is only one kidney medicine but It cures Backache every time—
NEW YORK,
TORONTO.
ere
in me nest as long thm *2,000 of them had died from injure thorn
but also give rise,
Let the first few hard work and exh a ustion. The want i through reflux action to headaches,
1 hen id rest and food tells on a horse far I and various nervous disturbances. Meat more than on a man, for in tin
as they are quiet, feeds be bird-bulled feed curdrt, bread and milk that is fresh
THE AUTOMOBILE
EUROPE'S POPULATION
Some curious expedients ere n^ces-
ihe population of Europe is 831,000,* sary a/t time* in the medical applies- j Out), an increase of 70,000,000 since 1870L turns ot electricity. it is not un- or an annual inoream* of about 3,000/ common now for the electric cabs in 0o0.
eggs.
Dodd’s
Kidney
Pills
case
ls liu iys relished and of tho latter there are ihe stimulating • mi U be piovided. Never let a influences of patriotism, the glory of chick get chilled; keep them free from
lice and you will never have any trouble in raising them 01 pal diseases
Near-sighted ness, short-sigh led ness, or myopia, as it ia variously called, is
a condition of the eyeball—usually a victory, and other feelings which are lengthening—in consequence of which non-existent iu the nature of a horse, j the rays of light are brought to a fo-lhe three pi in- Quite half the horses in England sent which the poultry-

New York to be pressed into service perambulating sources of electric power by physicians who are called upnn suddenly to make X-ray examinations of patients who are in localities where electricity from street circuits is not on tap.
W PC 1034
eus in trout oi the retina, and so the
CALVERTS
to ibo Crimea never returned, most of j object is blurred ire gapes them having died from hard work and i oup and starvation. Indeed, only about 500 A great were killed in action. So reduced and
keeper his to contend with
Oarlollc Disinfectant» Snap#, 01*1 mant, Tooth PêwOere. etc., hsvs bet| swarded 100 module and diploma* for envertol excellenee. Their regular u >o prevest Infoc»-on* dteeseee. Auk yuur dAs 1er to obteta e ¦npply. Liste mailed free on nppllrettoa.
This condition may exist from birth, but is usually the result of too much and too early use of the eyes, as in the case of students, engravers, women who do fine s< \\ ng and so forth.
Thus we may say that putting chil- j admirably combines educational and dren to wonk at ome of the kindergar- recreative features, or which is in
in the young ohioks, and •ho 1er a in adult flocks.
mmy remedies have been suggested for these disorders, but
starved have the poor beasts become on occasions of this kind that they have been known to eat one uuoth-ar's tails and to gnaw the wheels of
the gun cui liages. N.ijh i» on took with | ^eQ exercises, such as perforating and I every way so well adapted for a popu-
him actiws the Niem« n ti^UOO cavaliy ^jrAXVU1g| m in double sense a short- lar and profitable amusement among horses and on his return m six
months he coaild only muster 16.000.
More than half the horse which engaged in our Egyptian war of 1882 were disabled; 600 of these were killed, and only fifty-three slain in notion. In the Afghan war of 1838 it is said that 3,000 camels and half the horses engaged were lost in three months. It will thus be seen that actual fighting does not claim so many horses as starvation and overwork.
Defective shoeing, sore backs, want of food and rest, and other similar
DRAUGHTS AS AN EDUCATION
F. C. CALVERT A CO.,
iNOHtATcn . . England
m ounce oq cure, vermin are
There is no game extant which so
MOHTRIAL MOTH DIRECTORY
prevention Is worth a pound of if filth, dampness and
The “Balmoral,” Free But
LAW
HILLS, MILLS A HALES,
IittrrUterr. etc.
Rem .t» <1 t.) WhbIf, Huildlngi, Kitbuiood St W,, Turwuto.
1
avoided,
and fowls well cared for, the floc.k will not suffer much fr disc ise
oiu
AVENUE HÔUtB C ,	|------ ---
Brass Band
When disease first m ikea Us appearance completely disinfect the premises, then use the remedies commonly given for each.

refined and appreciative classes, as
sighted procedure
Many near-sighted peuple refuse to draughts. Its influences are of an ele-wear glasses, preferring to deprive vaiiug character. It not only teaches, themselves of sight fur everything be- but practically enforces the necessity
yund the nose rather than to injure of patience and perseverance, courage	TAKING ARSENIC.	I EV6fy TOWfl CHH htlVb Blind
their personal appearance, as they	and courtesy, self-reliance and self-	The practice of taking arsenic in	Low#«t price#	et.r <mvted. Fine «.uu-ine moiUu»
think. This is another short-sighted	control. The game is also peculiarly	minute doses is very prevalent among	uf|Qg|"in >Bythif>i 10
policy, for, besides, losing much of the and self-evidently worthy of paternal the peasantry of the mountainous dis-	onyrfi A Co Tor,!!™*?,?"•„<!
Joy of existence which comes from see- encouragement, as a knowledge of ite triots of Austria-Hungary and France.	•	9	•• Winnipeg, Use
ing ihe beautiful things about and	incomparable beauties will destroy the	They declare that this poison enables	CSlthollC	PfZlVflr ¦•ohe»eoear,ee»0n*
above us, such parsons are very liable	taste for demoralizing games of	them to ascend with ease heights	ReligiousPiotures, sutimy, nnl Obuiïh Ornsmenii
to suffer from inflammation of the	chance.	which they could nob otherwise climb.	*^0fcUunsl	jrto*.,P|*S«toîiï**
FOR OVER fifty year*	POULTRY, BUTTER, ECC8. APPLES,
sightednvss or hypvrmet, opm. This is Has but one source of relief. Ner-	The Dawitq Commission Co ,
thv oppo-iiL*‘ ut myopia. the eyeball be- viline—nerve-pain cure—penetrates to nolle, »nd uthv beet renn-dy fir .nnrrhœi 'Jfe » bottle.	Oev.West-Market A OolSeni
the irritated nerves, soothes them in-	^J?,,88ie,t ---------------------------
to repose, und affords relief almoet in- ,D'1 *“	wln.,.-.lo.th™, s,,..	-----------------------
slantly. The whole range of medi-mg to a focus by the time they reach | cine affords no parallel to Nerviline
as a pain reliever.
wei e
In marketing poultry products, always have everything in the very best aha pe.
Inntrumenl*. Drums, Uniforms, Etc
If possible, have customers

your own private If you ship to the
commission merchants, send nothing but
the very best, put your name on tbe • rate or package, and you will soon have a steady market for all surplus at prices considerably in advance of the regular markets
faimers table is one of the very best markets for pouitr like most other :

your
eyes produced by constant strain.
A less common defect is long or far
caus-
Neuralgia’s Persistent Agony
The
tw go far towards rendering horses useless for practical warfare
One
mure and important cause needs careful attention, and it is the danger of injury horses run when being shipped across the sea. They are in constant motion, they continually fall—many of theon to be trampled to death,—and the rest become frightened, kick and
roduots, for, un-etsf it is seldom

ing flattened or shortened and the rays of lightly consequently not com-
msi*m
over-supplied
TROUBLE ENOUGH.
Mrs. Brown—What awful times we are likely to have in China. There’s no telling how rainy thousands of people will be killed and how many other thousands will suffer from want.
Mrs. Green—And just as like as not tea will go up to $1 a pound 1
the retina.
In this case the eye often corrects the defect mure or less successfully by making the crystalline lens more cou- I Little Mose Uffii^gham, Jr.—Pop* if vex, but it does this at the expense of | y o’ gib me half a dollar fo* my birfday, the sufferer’s nervous force, and so an’ Uncle Rube gib me— we often find tired and congested I Uffinghan, Sr,—Chile, doan* eyes, headaches, indigestion and even count yo’ chicken befoq’ yo‘ git ’em serious nervous affections. The effort out en de coop.
MOTTLES IN BUTTER
ll
A study of the oauae of mottles in butter made by Charles F. Donne does not indicate
>u<a, rorr-utif, done by our Brut eieet.ero "
AN OLD SAW NEWLY SET
Red m Green
'LT, SSL?»
-J°V bJ °ur 8'U,|. (Me*tîl*CeUlni«Bï#r 8,1 "v.1** furnl,he<* for work e oeulete or foi
batter one another about, and n-ndered useless
any
which have not been previously recognised by scientific and dairyman and butter makers, but, teems to make more certain the fact that the uneven distribution of salt is the chief oause
are
As an instance of
new causes
thus, it w is found that one regiment on the way to the Peninsular
deprived of just half its horses on the voyage.
experienced
y o’
war was
TORONTO CUTTING IOHOOI oilers special «Ira»
Wn“ ** ,1,t,cu“ri 113 Y.ng. T M'ont*.
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury.
to correct the vision is entirely invol-
Seriuus doubt thrown upon the general belief ih it Mxld wash water is exp illy responsible for the effect
is
unt iry, and can be overcome only by	TH® Ï1RB BELLS	si mercury will t-uroly destroy the eelie of
the fitting of suitable convex glasses. King out in alarm and it is heeded, when snb rt d J*! t : b miïh 1 h« rn* oui lu H avoT DVCIilfif ! C i C£H1 j fl fif 1
er nervous disturbances, The only re- A>khl) FOR INFORMATION.	'Sold by Druggist*, price7Sc per battis.	le w prie* <>ra,r direct from ur ‘i!? th^m*ar?»'7>u
lief is the wearing of glasses, at least * Embarrassed young ma.i-Ilave you J""’*	Filin are the best.	P'Zlid"	wits
is the lace coat, which may by long w hile reading writing or whenever —er—got any cradles î	I	_____ inüîu on !m,t ulÜ!? rî^-bush^f#fclh^a*"on <'rn2ei2
and close-fitting or short and !.. near objects are looked at	Shopman-Yea, sir.	I PREPARED FOR EMERGENCIES, J1 iOc*nt* Fes 8a,tibn Townee?* Numb*
Young man. becoming still more em-
FRILLS OF FASHION
Wraps for elderly women are made to a great extent of black taffeta.
Gold buttons, and, in fact, buttons of every description, are much employed.
Fringe, especially white or black, asserts itself, in many of the gow as.
In lace effects the very newest whim
To test the effect of uneven silting, the butter from each of 20 churnings was divided into two lots after washing and lot was salted and worked
one
one minute, while the other lot was not salt-,
None of the un sal ted butter mottled, while that salted and underworked was all more or less mottled. Simply testing the light and deep-colored portions showed a great difference in the distritution of salt.
new
ed
was

Linens of all tints and weights extremely fashionable, and some of the prettiest are made of pure linen toweling.
When summer heat is at its highest, both white and beige linen two-very p suits, tailor-made of course oold water is likely to be mottled was to be much worn.
attributed to the fact that, being The shirt waist is found developed much harder, it is more difficult to i„ flannel, silks-plaiu, and trimmed, handle and consequent ly in the same percale, madras, embroidery, lace, and time does not get the same amount of working as softer butter would.
When worked as long as four minutes and washed with water at 50 degrees, none of the butter was mottled, although three minutes of working was not enough
time required to world hard and soft butter is greater in the combined •burn than in the table worker,
When sufficiently worked to insure
First M ishcr—Why, do you hang bttiTaesed. In caa a w here—where— I two thermometers in the window Î
ire
The Canada Permanent
#
and Western Canada
Mortgage Corporation
As to the part played by cold washing water, it was shown that more working was required, and when en there were no mottles
FAT MEN OF OLD
when il wasn't just— just what you I Second Masher—My dear fellah, one
expected you know, and—and—and is for the heat and the other is for you have tc buy cradles, you know, is it customary to buy two cradles or— or one cradle big enough for both of UI) in Htronooiy as I thought you
were.	*
WIimI They IMri lu KvUare Ttirtr Weight
X buul *ei> .4.1».
giv-The re.a-
the cold, you know. You’re not so well
We know from ancient history that some of the greatest men of the old *eru *
son why butter washed with
are
Errice- Canada Permanent Building,
...... Ofricn-llOI,TO 8T" ""ONTO.
Winnipeg, Man., Vancouver, 1.0., SL John, Ni,
world were fat, but it is news to hear that they were troubled in their minds on that account. Banting is generally supposed to be an invention of the present century, but that this is not the case is shown by the treatise by Galen on the foods best adapted for preventing, or reducing, obesity, which has now been edited for the first time in the original Greek by a German Scholar.

i
LA/ •
even mousseline de soie.
Pretty handkerchiefs of delicate tints, euch as heliotrope, sky, rose, e-tc., embroidered in one corner with a very dainty white initial.
Dainty boleros of tucked or plaited taffetas, seams and edges, finished with bands of peau de soie and entire-
Capital Paid Up, $6,000.00» Reserve Fund. - 1,500,000
( '4vy-wv< <y fin/ V/A/L
1
Mensy to Lena.
•serge Coederham.
let Tlss-P
'M/
The difference in

Deposits Received
and Interest Allowed
Herbert
i

From an interesting account supplied by a writer in the Lancet, we The latest novelty In the jewelry learn that the treatise in question,

ly lined with white satin, are very swell.
mN4Tesr~
•xnrtsr
Debentures Issued

!



(





l


###PAGE###7###

A

muvt bwiutlful und |4otur*flqae city In
Indls, h# Mjra ihii i tm drought uî met
y«&r, “ converted the Hhil country in- I till e Kimwii Puriv.illllf» Tfcwl Will K
When the Emperor began his rule the lord steward waa commanded to
IHIH'S AWFUL SCOURGE.
WHEN PEACE IS SIGNED.
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.


furnish a complete statement ae to
the sum annually required for the Im- | DETAILS OF SOME OF THE SUFFER- | to a place of alow, lingering, terrible
INO IN REMOTE DISTRICTS.
The circiiLa/tlom of the blood \ê an affair of the heart.
<«oNfi Tlm Hxh
L
When the time arrive* for arrang
• pt'ritJ kitchen, apart from state dinners and official receptions found that these «lima reached a
death." Many of the people turned for
help toward Udaipur, where they hop- *,r4M terras of peace with sx-Presi* eummer are false hoods,
Th,	ludla-	«(1 ÜW *»*«»¦• Would help mein.	d'"‘u Itr"8«r and tiUyn the first lor- ,
llie FrigHifui	l.ack ef	Water—Thr	Hut they died in hundreds on the road	Dlu^y to be	gone through will be the	ap£ to	increase	her sighs,
iirMliniien in	ihe «ouniry	ef the	and jackal, pariah dog and crow fat-	^tting forth	of the conditions requit- Patients and long suffering	seemsts
Bhila-rnghirul	Brath	*htrt	te,ned on their poor remains. Udaipur	wl b>	Britain, in a document,	^ the	m,jtto of	a good many	doctors,
ïlr-^rd tmieaTTl. “	offered no sanctuary, and every which will be *n,.,u»U>d to the care of
Standard's correspondent says that ^ ^ ^	^v<,ü> ° * IB dlH	t—	- •
rtTf**^iiiwLt!rnFIndi! b,!f and -f ‘nunry told like a pestilence tbuae uf Ulti conquered country and Sometimes a man has no confidence
IU awful outbreaks in the famine 00 lbeir weakened and emaciated diwUlUj lb<1 U,J b,,t bhfore lhiA can in other men because he has none in
frames, and t.he Phils
About the only kind of hoods used in
It was
tWbtiü a woman in in love it to very
Nearly evens one baa some pet eco- total which made a very h‘savy In-noniy—U U a habit common even to road into the amount set apart (or those who are not obliged to safe In the royal prorender. Close lnveet.l-order to have pin money.	gâtions showed that Immense defalca-
Iler royal highness, Princess Mary lions were committed in the royal Adelaide, Duchess of Teok, was an II- | kitchen department, the control ef the lustration; she cultivated habits of same being grossly neglected, small economy which olung to her entire retinue of servants being sup-childhood to old age, and were piled with food from the royal larder,
Words resemble sunbeams — the
It looks like the plow bolder sows tv meet that the bondholder may reap.
The
The delegate.* then have
from
not In the least Incompatible with her | tons of butter, thousands of *ggs, and
extreme generosity«MB££HHHHQHjHHHH|H|[||HH^H||BH
of note paper were always kept, no I wh»D bad
envelopes were ever destroyed, and was thus shown that for % round pop-little bit of string put on one | per alone, 4,000 marks had been expended In one year.	_
Under the present regime, all the
be done it is necessary that the repre- | himself sont a Uvea of both nations should
Her half sheets wagon loads of meat were charged
camps drive away those employed on the relief works in thousands, but in spite of this the number so employed I Th« *ighUt presented in the city, in increased by 73,000 during the [h* closing weeks of last ywir and the Last week of May. The chief increase opening ones of this have burned in the central provinces, although themselves indelibly on thy memories K is there that cholera Is driving | °* those who were so unforl unate »s to
witness them. If il mill happen in
Ending of a modern novel— 'And so transfer their credentials to the op- I they were divorced and lived happily posing Governments, as proof of limr ever after.
ver been consumed. It
DIED HY hundreds

every
side for future use.
One day a near neighbor was calling
st White Lodge and found the Duch- I servants 'iave to feed themselves, and | l* 4SS of Teck sorting out her writing receive as compensation a certain
During the process of ar- sum of money per lay. Their meals rangement, some of the tissue pu per are being cooked /or them by a mpe-ahich had been placed between the cial kitchen department, the chef of sheets to protect the stamping, fell which is obliged to furnish each meal to the carpet. The visitor picked up at a certain rate, the places as they fell and tinoom- Quite a similar arrangement has •ciouAily rolled them Into little balls, been nude as to the meals of the ira-Suddanly Princess Mary noticed what pi'rial family, a fixed sum being alba was doing and exclaimed: 'Do not lowed per head for each of the meals.
; I save all those Thus the lunch is paid for ht the
was
identity. These credentials must be very implicit ami be signed by the | ly seem very black in the distance, but
grow lighter as they approach.
Troubles and thunder clouds usual-
beads of bulb Government#
When the com in isfli oners recognize each (Aher as the proper persons to transact such important business, they proceed to discuss the terms.
If these be agreed upon a proclama- a gainst England. Parisians complain lion to that effect will be made in this that dinner has been spoiled for these, country by Queen Victoria and in the and that the insidious English tea* two State# by their ex-Presidents. An habit has made the trouble. Tbs U | expert oaligraphiet will then be set to practice of serving afternoon tea has work by the Hiitish Secretary of State been gaining favor steadily among for War, and his duty will be to write Parisians until, In recent seasons, It out in copper-plate culigraphy upon him been practically universal In the the largest and finest sheets ol vel- smart set of Paris. Unluckily, how* lum that can be inanufaclu.rtxi for the ever, the simplicity of the English^ purpose, and in Indian mk, the Lei ms function did not suit the French Ideas, of the treaty in English and Dutch In England one serves tea and biscuit, side by side in two respective columns, small sandwiches, toast, plum cake This done, the documents have to be or muffins. In ninety-nine oases submitted to he,r Majesty for signing, out of a hundred nothing more elat» but if she chose to reject them upon orate is attempted. The English wo-
(
most from the camps.
The water famine from which vast I the capital of the State, what was the tracts of country now suffer become lafe of those lying in tho desolate hill more acute every week. '* Springs and tracts to * lie south and west of lidai-small streams have long ago dried up; Pur *
1
pa per
AFTERNOON TEA IN PARU.
The French hive another grudge
Little or nothing appears to have
wells, though they axe dug deeper,
¦how no water ; while even the large I been dime zut the time to relieve this rivers are now mere trickling threads terrible misery. I he Mahaiuna, of water, meandering through a wild- Prince of the old conservative type, arm*» of red-hot rock or burning knows nothing of what goes on out-sand. Unless speedy relief is forthcom- side the capital beyond what bis en-[ | ing, this water question will soon as- ton rage chose to tell him. In any na-
uspeot of the most terrible tive state the task of famine relief To take one single in- is a Long time in organization, because
do that Mr
things; you will never learn economy.” I rate of 2 marks and 50 pfennings The Queen of England ham the repu- about 65o. per head, and dinner at 5 Istlon of being a thrifty lady. Just shillings, exclusive ot wine, of which what her pet economy Is, however, has the Emperor partakes very sparingly not been made public. It Is perhaps | when at home, the reputation she has In this dlrec-
surrvo an
import soon
stance, the big city of Nagpore, the I there is no proper staff of engineers capital of the central provinces, has or skilled civil servants, to suporin-for week.* past been on \ery short com- tend things, and because, too, business mons in the matter of water. What of every type, no matter how importât available is of but indifferent qual- ant. or bow urgent, is carried through fcty. The supply to the railway com- with the utmost diiaturiness. Hence, pan y has been cut oft. A small al- though relief measures were ultimite-lowanoe for drinking purposes is all ly started in Udaipur, they came too that can be spared to the people. It late to save the Bhils. Tbu loss of life Is almost superfluous to point out among these people will probably nev-
' tlon tvhlch caused a certain old lady to add a codicil to her will In which she bequeathed two pet oats to Queen Victoria.
the maintenance of the animals, that
I
ROUSING IRISH CHEER.

grtxunds whatever she could do j or man drinks tea fur its own
The codicil provided for ] Haw is Brahe she Hmperiiible silence nl
any
so, and a new treaty would have to be | S 'ke, but in Paris the fashion Is vs lu-
<vl for its ornamental p<». ibilit iev *nd
they should be no exponas to their Gen. Ilullex’s entrance into Lady-royal mistress. The Queen's name *mith moved haltingly at first, writes his been mentioned in not far short Richard Harding llavis in the July of 200 wills as the recipient of the Scribner, the townspeople lacking the family mouse catcher, and unfortu- initiative, and for ten minutes the col-
nu tel j her Majesty Is not fond of | umn marched past in as respectful mil- | favor» the spread of epidemic disease cats
drawn up, entailing another meeting of the commissioners. If, on the other has b^en adorned with frills until its band, the Queen finds her Minister's English ancestors would not recognise satisfactory, she will add her It. Tea is served. So is-everything
a 5 o'clock appetite can
e.r be known, but it is certainly enormous. Thousands died in the winter months, five months ago, and since thousands more hive died of starvation. And now cholera of the must virulent type has come in to complete the work. Apart irom this epidemic, hundreds of the people die of famine diarrhoea. These two, with starvation, pure and simple, account for the appalling mortality, which is daily taking place in the Ub 11 country. The pangs of hunger are so great
that the people in their desperation have taken to eating all kinds of the must disvusLlug or impossible substances.
bow
terms
terms satisfactory, she will add her	that
signature and seal ; Lord Salisbury, struggle with Mr. Chamberlain, and a few others variety are on tap will do the same, and the documents Frenchman, unlike the Englishman, will be forwarded to South Africa for refused to be lured to drawing rooms signing by the ex-Presidenta and their j hy tea, and as he was a necessity, at
iny price, the drinks were conceded te
THIS LACK OK WATER


Drinks of infinite
Probably the
tnce as would have greeted a funeral? quite apart from the great tnconveii-The Princess Beatrice Is always I General Huiler alone received a wel- ienoe and even suffering it entails on very careful never* to waste a bit of | owning cheer. The rwt of the men, I the people. In districts which, unlike
" Lance, foot and dragoon," passed be- Nagpore, have no regular waterworks
but depend on purely natural sources the oa.se is of coarse worse."

paint, saving every scrap carefully on
piper, which she places in a bowl of I tww>n the liurtS garrison and the ' water, when it is ready for use the | towrunpeoples to no other accompani-
next time she site down to her easel.
The eldest daughter of Queen Vic- I ba«I,iPe6 and th« *birr the Ameri-• toria, the Dowager Empress Frederick ! ca,i bi,>ffraPh-
of Germany, guards the fruit in her gardens with a jealous eye, not a 1-I 0,1,1 <>£ tb« Irish Fusiliers, who was lowing even the "wind falls" to be lJl€ first to set matters right, and to thrown away. Her fruit and vege- b,wk ]M>lite calm, lie saw Gen. tables are often mold, and the thalers I Wbite JUAL d*s h<> iuid ridden past him thus acquired added—not to her pin
money—but to her charity fund. She | ln*t*Dt, and whirled so suddenly that
has a large and beautiful fruit den at Friedrichshof.
After this one copy will be returned ! him and filed at the War Office, and the
L
The refreshments are not all liquid»
ment than the music of Gordon’s
Serious as is the present condition, the meteorological reports are very discouraging, giving rise to the theory that the monsoon currents, as sometimes, happens, have been deflected from their usual course the African coast. The writer proceeds :
" I need not dilate on the unexampled horrors of the situation should the monsoon be very Late or poor lu
quantity. Quite apart from the im- I Probably no poisonous plums are i At a recent entertainment which possibility of all agricultural opera-	more	dreaded than poison ivy	and	wae both novel and original, the
tion# it	would simply mean that	I Prison	sumach, and probably no	oth-	gu<lfits were requested to present, in
countless thousands of people would cr 0De Planl ,iafl 80 many remedies, I 8ome manner their birth month, die of thirst."	said to bo Bood> recommended for it
Weeks	ago information reached	lbe poisoning principle in these	two I	6Uitable to the mouth which, as old
Simla to the effect that the people	I P1&nts	to the seme and can be com-1	j, nti tells us, is sure to protect
who live in and on the herders of the I bftted with the eame remed^
Great Western Desert, which com-
t
other left in Pretoria. Our treaty with j Sandwiches, pûtes, salids, cold meats, the Goers may differ from others In | aI1 f army of French timbales and one refcpevt, however, inasmuch as it ! '* 'Pice and galantines a host of hot is probable that three copie# will be \ Wishes, cakes, creams, ices, any or all
of these are in evidence, and the af*
It WW Colonel Donald, the Irish ool-

prepared and signed in order that both States may bave one besides ourselves.
ternoon bracer of England assures#
the proportion of a square meal ia France.
The natural result was a
and he aaw his mistake at the same
TO CURE IVY POISONING
\
ORIGINAL ENTERTAINMENT
postponement of the dinner hour* With the best will in the world on# cannot eat a solid meal at 5 or 6 o'clock and be ready for an elaborate dinner at 7. Th<* arFient and honorable order of Parisian chefs protested vigoroc v. What was the use of being a Napole diners had no uppeiite for the achievements of genius, and hurried through dinner in order to go on to the theatre, opera and social functions ?
The afternoon tea was too convenient a social custom to be abandon'd, and no hostess d ired mike it the sir i-
bis horse drove back his own men. liis
gar-
Quite a lit- I emthiLsiasm made up for the apathy of considerable ' tb<* buiuirvds who had preoeded him ;
tie commotion
amusement was caused not long ago j bis Uc* ahulUti WtiLh geneurous, excited when it became known that the fruit hero-worship. He did not pause to supplied for a banquet breakfast giv-| Salut«* waâ M though he thought en to the Empiror by one of the small ! »uoh a perfunctory tribute from him-regimente of the guards had been pur- 1 ^	wa8 inadequate for such an
ch ised from the Empress Frederick's , uccasàou and for such a man as Gen-head gardener, and perhaps from the | tiral White.
Empress herself
and
1
Must of them wore the birth stone
of the cuisine if
Rut
against misfortunes, the jewel acting
few of the people who are poisoned | aa a talisman, ike this Into consideration
They
A few substituted flowers appro-
One
prise# a largo portion of Scinde and
Rajputaua, had suffered terrible lo*s-
and that not only had mote than j	itself.
The cause
often the first thing that eug- I palate
So he stood up in his stirrups and
to their birth montb
use
Holland', girl Quran i, economical j waved bulawt and calUd upun bu1 a 1 moat to parsimony In the matter of	' '^rce cheer, for General
headgear. When one thinks that she Sir Ueor8« Whlte !” 'touted. ' U.p, eould order Ea.ter bonnets by the I hi»»> b^'"	» hrugue as rich aa bia
score if she chose, one has a feeling good-will was generous. And his real most akin to pity for her, that she K‘nto,1,t answered to his cell as it had doe. not fully appreciate her privi- done on many less agreeable momenta, leges.	and the love-feast began.
You must imagine what followed.
youug lady, whoso birthday was in January, wore a string of tiny silver beads which tinkled musically whvr-
es;

of the trouble is a renon-volatile oil
90 per cent, of their cattle died, but that the roads which are mere tracks | cently discovered
called toxicodendrol
Another claiming | thinkr il should !>•, but during the
last season there bn been a tenta-
it is very ir- eVer sh6
ritating to the akin in a manner only j junuary also as her birth month,
Since it cannot be WOre a broach .showing an oil man
went
aero## the sandy waste#, were fur mile#, littered with human corpses.
Rut there are other large district# I wel1 known
remote from the railway and from : dissolved in water, washing is of little | aQ(j an infant, representing the old
It can, however, be dissolved
and converted into a soap by the ac-
tive effort to solve the problem by a return to the early French custom of a midday dinner. There is little probability that the experiment will meet with general favor, but in several of the best known houses of the Faubourg St. Germain last winter, dinner was relegated to 1 o'clock, af* ternoon tea was made even more elaborate than usual and an exceedingly substantial supper was served late iq the evening. The arrangement made possibly a leisurely dinner and an early appearance at evening funow tions; but a midday dinner ia a lamentable institution and, if England has saddled it upon France, there is a casus belli worth considering.
so
and new year.
important centre# that months for new# to trickle through. The country of the Bhi'is ia an example. Several week* ago the writer received a letter from a military offi-
it takes : lL,e
September was idomed with gol-tion of alkalies such as ammonia, | ^eJ1 rod piper hearts, pierced with washing sods and caustic potash or It is also readily dissolved in
An English girl who had the opportunity of seeing Queen XVilhel-mina review her troops, wrote that h*r Majesty’s sailor hat, with rf elastic under her chin, was much the worse of wear. Her white duck habit looked very smart at a distance, but was fearfully home made close inspection
colored gloves and a white ribbon in place of a collar, with an enormous gold brooch in the front of It. " It Is said that in the royal ^psidence there is an apartment in the seclusion of the Queen's quarters where hats bonnets and toques are fashioned and modeled after her Majesty's own elusive designs
saving, of course, in milliner's bills.
You mu-sit imagine the dry, burning, head, the flue, yellow dust, the white glare of the sunshine, and in the heat and glare and dost, the great inter- stationed in this mass of hills and ; alcohol mmable column uf men in ragged kha- jungle, and the picture which he ki crowding down the main street 22,- painted of its condition was DUO strung, cheering and shouting, with the sweat running off their red

arrows.
Many puzzled their brains over a All those may be used in 1 yuUng girl wearing a white apron, case poisoning should occur, but there 1 W;th several bars of music on lh“ h in, is a better remedy which may be until one discovered it to be a March-made as follows
soda
an
J
In a bottle of al-
April was represented by a piper fool's cap, and May by a pretty spring decorated with violets and
TRULY TERRIBLE.
There can be no doubt that months
on
cohol put and shake as much acetate, of lead as will dissolve; then
She chose lemon-
faces and cutting little rivulets in the duet that caked their cheeks. Some of them were so glad that, though in the heaviest marching order, they leaped up and down and stepped out of line to dance to the music of the bug-
fMlg.il
and months ago, even before hut add a uule mure iead, so that when Christmas, the people were dying in thousands of starvation, and that they were practically without any help whatever, except what was available the mere edge of their particular domain. News of all this is only now, six months afterward, beginning to
gown, lilies of the valley.
August wore a white organdy and carried a palm leaf fan.
September was adorned with golden rod and purple asters.
October's daughter wore a rich yellow* gown, nearly covered with glori-uitumo leaves, and on her head
When
shaken the mixture is milky needed rub the shaken mixture upon the parts affected several times a day until all irritation ceases strong the mixture may be diluted with water, but more lead should be

if too
un
pipes.
NOTHING LIKE SELF-POSSESSION.
The other morning Jones turned up at the office even later than usual. His employer, tired of waiting for him had himself set about registering the day's transactions, usually Jones*
first duty laid his pen aside very deliberately, an«l said to Jones, very sternly indeed, Mr. Junes, this will not do 1 No, sir, replied Jones, gently draw-, ing off his coat as bj glanced over bis employer's shoulder, it will not. You have entered McKurken’s order
Far better to
ex-
Should poisoning occur and
added
this preparation not be obtainable, hot soapsuds with some s#la or other alkali added to it, may be used. This should not be relied upon unless the
There is a great
ous
prehed a cap of the same brilliant lea vt-s.
Leak out.
Referring to a reply of Lord George Hamilton in the II mise of Commons, which seemed to throw some doubt on what he described as the sensational reports an the subject which has been published the correspondent says that it would be difficult to paint in too gloomy colors the suffering starvation and death which for months have
WHERE LAND IS MOST VALUABLE
The growth of the land values is of the must wonderful phenomena of the age. Every inch of land * | between King William’s statue and Trinity square, London, cost £30 10s, or at the rate of £191,000,000 per acre —beyond all doubt the highest price ever paid in England for land. The Southeastern Railway Company was asked at the rate of $05,000,000 per acre for a piece of ground in Bei mon-desy, which had a depth of sixteen feet only. The demand was so exorbitant that even a railway company had to pause, finally declining to purchase. In the year 1880 land in Cannon street was sold for $30 a square foot, and six years later the price went up to $75 a square foot.
The Emperor William of Germany will not spend a penny more than he can help on walking sticks—in fact, he picks out the cheapest he can find And as for umbrellas, he never possessed one ; they are his pet aversion.
He has quite a remarkable collection of hunting sticks, but these cost him nothing, as he cut them with his own hand while following thi chase. Nor does his
clothes recklessly; they must be well worn before discarded, and the eighteen pairs of white military gloves k« many journeys to and from the aner#; jior are they thrown away nor given away until absolutely past usefulness.
In the matter of the table, the royal food is very plain; a most vigorous discipline pervades his household as regards culinary matters, and enormous savings have been made in the
expenditure for this item of the imperial domestic budget. While the I envelope for my wife? he asked the monarch spends money lavishly P<*tmaster, while the green fire from whenever he thinks tt fit to uphold | his eyes mode 'he office look I ke a his dignity, and a display of royal leafy forest.
splendor, more especially on his Yes, sir, answered the P. M., and
journeys, whoa he showers gifts of j he havded it <*it. The Jealous man
royal munificence right and left, the tore it open at once, when, lo and behold! ft was the milliners ufi for
N v mber's costume was must striking, b'ing a paster design representing Thanksgiving.
December's was a picturesque suit of white eider down flannel, ornamented with holly hoiries and running
une
poisoning is very fresh; advanced cases should be treated wit h the above remedy.
The enraged merchant
pine.
Each guest was requested to furn-riitoh one dish appropriate to the month in which thi was born. In this way lh<- supper was quite out of the ordi-
TELEPHONE IMPROVEMENTS
A correspondent, writing from Mun-
bee n .simply destroying the whole pup-uLti.wi of the Bhil country. Suffer-I ich, Germany, reports that a syudi-ing there reached an acute form so cate has just been farm**d under the Long ago as November last, and ever j auspices of the Bank of Darmstadt, to
bring into practical use certain teledying of starvation literally in thou- ! phone improvements that have been
ggggggg tested in Govern in t-nt offices, I tie»e in-
The writer shrinks from " detailing I ventions are to make it possible to re-
the really sickening horrors, ’ as de- J tain the spoken word and to repeat it
freely as desired ; to use the same


throw away his
for cotfue, pickl&s and cake. Prizes were awarded for the most
as well as the
that time the people have been
since
was
ri i
sands
DEATH TO COCKROACHE&
A simple Australian remedy for killing cockroaches consists in feeding the inserts upon a mixture of flour ami paste of Piris which, it is said, they greedily devour. The plaster of Paris "sets' after they have swallowed it, and that is the end %t them.
effective costume, must striking one.
scribed to him by his military correspondent, " the tale of the rotting j wire for simultaneous conversation by
corpses, or the glistening skeletons of j different parties; to repeat the same hundreds of men and cattle which are ; conversation at various points, and to
strengthen the sounds so as to make the long-distance telephone operate
a.s
THE KING S COPPERS.
The young King of Spain always insists on hiving his pockets filled with coppers before going for a drive, and scatters the coins among the many beggars who crowd around his carriage.
COOLED 1US JEALOUSY.
to be seen in profusion, of whole ham-Luts wipinl out, of mile after mite of country utterly deserted and burned of the want ot water in places where within living memory it had never been known to fail," and prefers to condemw in a few words the experiences of one who only touched on the fringe of the country and thus missed the worst scenes.
J Writing from Udaipur, perhaps the
Is there a letter here in a scented
with better results.
up,
AVOIDING RISKS.
Attendant. You have to pay for your soda water before you drink it,
DWARF’S GIANT SON.
The Gazette Medicale de Parla oit sa
FAST MAIL
Letters dropped nit" a box In Paris ,
are delivered in Berlin within an hour trorn the Presse Mmdwx.1# the account What's that for? and a half, and sometimes within 35 of a giant, 17 years of age, seven feet
sir
Thirsty Patron
\ >u ain’t maltin' It any more poison- minutes. They are whisked through f°ur ! ,l 1 *** *****	**** h,gh.
I# her was
very strioteaV economy is practiced in nearly every home matter.
I tubes by pneumatic power.
i
vus than usual * » you?

£20.




###PAGE###8###
m ’7
T» v '
?



T








\
r



It Takes all Kinds
01SDITS " SU T.
of people to make a world, so it must necessarily
take all kinds of
Boots and Shoes
to suit those people, and prices must he right.
Medicines
Our aim is to furnish customers with the best of everything in Tweeds and Linings. Our standard is quality, that being in our opinion the most eloquent salesman. Prices are always satisfactory.
Khaki,” (what the gentlemen ordered South wear) we have it. Call and see it.
Beef, Iron and Wine, Favorite Prescription, Instant Headache Cure, Cathartic Compound, Kellogg’s Asthma Remedy, Pink Pills,
Lithia Tablets,
Extract Wild Strawberry, Oil of Tar,
Glycerine.
The Publie
may rely on getting our goods at the
Lowest Market Price
as we always buy for cash, thereby securing
the discount.


*6

ALF. R. tycCUIRE,
5
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAW VILLE, - - - QUE.
I
NOXON
jf 45,000 Troops to Remain in Africa
SBQ London, July 27.—In the House of Commons today the parliamentary secretary of the War Office, Mr. George Wyndhaui, in introducing a supplement- \J , ary army estimate of eleven and a half I millions, explained that it covered the \w expenses in South Africa to the end « f February, 1901, and included three mill-• j ions for China.
Arr!.ve JJ J? The amount asked for South Africa in-“ tut) eluded the cost of repatriating the In.-•' s so	colonial troops. It is propos-
ed to leave in South Africa 45,000 men,
J) 8 22 including 15JHX) colonials and reservists .!	desiring to remain. The amount also
“	8.02 includes the gift of £5 to every soldier
I-jjj and a suit of mufti to every reservist.
7.IS Including the present estimate the age 7.J8 gate voted for the War Office is £01,022,700.
I

< '
f
V* I
L
(in bulk)
D
Victoria
¥
•it

¦a®
Pontiac Pacific Jnnction R?
BINDER
o
5 FT,, 5J I T. AND 0 FT. CUT. Highest Drive Wheel Made,
Brass Boxes.
Seventh Holler for Elevator.
Vfl the latest and last improvements
Official Time Table :
AM
Ui
Dyes
5.45 Leave 6 00 “
Aylmer fBreckenrldge t'Eardley Parker's Crossing V Mohrs Quyon Wyman's tTank Bristol McKee's Bbawville Clark's
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank f'Vinton Cou longe •Mellon s Waltham
•Flag Station, flank. VFlag Station
««
6.12
6.18
u
• •
6.20
««
6.87
8.40
6.47
M
«
6.56	••
6.58
««
IVjaypole Soap, Diamond Dyes.
7.04
«•
7.26
•«
7.45
ii
6.00
h
re
8.03
•i
•i
8.12
ii
7.00
;
8.30
ii
6.54
• I
6.47
4«
0.89
• i
8.55 Arrive
Leave 6.80
Indian War in Mexico.
New Orleans, July 28.—Meagre news has reached this city of ;& desperate battle between 3,0(K) Mexican troops and the Yucatan Indiana, in which the government troops were badly routed and lost heavily.
The Maya Indians numbered (1,000 warriors and it was discovered that they were armed with the m.»st modern equipments of war.
E. HODCINS & SON
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.


I
mm
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT

v
. : i.


f*
The
m
OTTAWA k GATINEAU M
m
Oxford Clipper,
FRONT AND REiOOr
HOMOWERS®-
I

I
Fall and winter Tsme Table
I
Ii
I
Taking effect Oct. 16, ISM). [Legations at Pekin Safe on July
5.20 p.m
9 JO a.m
i
I
ï
It’s a Decided Fact
22.
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa...
• • • •
• • • •
London, July 30. — The British consul
Nob. 1 and 2, daily except Sunday. jat Tien Tein telegraphs to the foreign For tickets and further Information apply office today that a letter from a Japanese
%!.%,% ÆTc&mÜÆw:!	,h,
P. w. RESSKMAN. were safe Ju'y 22. There had been no Oen’l Sup’t. I tiring on the legations since July 17. The
consul adds ; “A reliable messenger, who failed to enter Pekin, but reached there, returns stating that theie was no tiring | o O O on the legations between July 15 and July 19.
TIME CARD	j 1° Vlew °f this evidence the British
,	,	___ _ _ % ________government is convinced that the
In Effect JULY 2, 1900. |lion«are »afe-EASTERN DIVISION.
Trains daily between
• • •
That our new Mill is giving the public entire satisfaction.
ALL SIZES*
With Roller and Rail Bearing*. Serrated Ledger Plates if desired.
—o—
Ask our agent to show von the now Patented Rail Bearing Knife
cup.
o o o o
.T
:o:
Quality of Wheat Up-to-date Machinery Competent Millers
V M
Uv also manufacture the best and most complete line of CultiVAting And
I	tef.VrtneÏÏdia i drawing the trade our way. All leading bakers of Pott-
, Tooth Harrows, Disc Harrows, Grain Drille, (all kinds,) Horse Rakes tme are using our Flour. The farmers get same quality in exchange.
w F°r «*'• *• - «™* ¦¦	™«> & meals.
free.) 1 ou will find it very much to your interest to do so.

ASSASSINATED!
King of Italy Shot Dead
Highest Makket Puk e paid in Cash fou Wheat.
THE NOXON CO., Limited, Ingersoll, Ontario.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 2 HOI RS. MINUTES Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
Monzi, Italy July JO—King Humbert has been assassinated. He was shot here last evening by a man named Angelo
•	I	of Prato, and died in it few min-
utes.
PONTIAC
Teacher Wanted.
Furniture I
Teacher Wanted for S. S. No. 1. A!dfield Diss. with third class elementary diploma, for a term of seven months. * Duties to commence Sept. 1st. Apply, stating salary to	E. T. MARTIN,
Bran'h, Uawkesbury Branch. Valley field, connects at Coteau Junction, for Cornwall and points west.
I The kiug had been attending a di.tr,b-Express for Quebec, Halifax, and all intermediate ution of prizes in connection will, * uyir-IM.ints en<t Pullman Parlor Car atrached.	nastic competition. He had jjst entered
"Lu%uS I hi* C3,rriage T'hhi, aide. De Vamp, amid ¦¦¦¦¦ the cheers > f the crowd, when lieBH a4. -0 P. M„ Limited—StopsCden Roliereson, only. I struck by three revolver shots, tired in
JSwP.%5 2: •*“^k ,UCce,'ion; O»* Pierced the hear, all points east of Montreal. Fur Vallevfield ami h18 niaj-sty who fell hack, and expired a l points south of th< 8t. Lawrence River. j in a few minuter. r~"
Al lans. Burlington, etc. Arriving Boston 7 00 a. m New York 7.20 a.m. Has through Bufttt bleei»-ing Car, Ottawa to New Yolk.
WOOLLEN
THROUGH THE HEART
J
Svc.-Treas., Ladysmith, Quo.
Furniture L
Parlor Car attached.
MILLS.
was
Spring
Look out for the New Things !
Vpnofm Our Spring Lirçe of Furniture
UvttOU 11 Would you like to see it ? If so drop in and inspect stock.
o
mediately arrested, 'and ‘.Twith” ™ 1 Thiti Well'kn0Wn ™d reliable difficulty saved from the fury of the pop iiT.00 P. M. Local—Stop» at Intermediate station*. I ulace. He gave his name as Angelo
Bre»i, describing himself of Prato, in
etc. Has Pullman Parlor Car to Montreal.	* USCany.
some
establishment will be found this season fully prepared as usual to meet the requirements of the farmers of the county.
is out of sight 1
Trains arrive at Ottawa Cmaral Depot ;
*11.30 A M. Local - from Boston, New York, New i HOW tO Pack ECTCTS for IoîIET KeeD-England and New York points. Montreal leaving	^
at 7.45 a m. Stops at all local stations. Has through Buffct Sleeping Car New Y ork to Ottawa.
*!?•§ T, M. Limited—From Montreal and pointai The yolk of (hv < gg spoils much quicker | A	i ¦ r AI ¦¦
n,tiorec2°8 M0°UMl 1111,001'm' l,y p"llu-« J than the white. Forth,, re»,on it i, [JUT STOCK Of CfOlh
Znd%ith*J layer of'the^whlte.^^If'tbe I Including nil the finest make, in
and points west. Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving egg is placed on the side or large end the
bottom and
termediate points, leaving Mont eal at 5.50. p.m.
Cornwall. Kingston. Toronto and points wist, lias | admits the air.
Pullman Parlor Car attached.
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of
MILK PAILS,
MILK PANS, BREAD PANS, DISHES of all Kinds
AI «SO A FULL LINE OF
AGATEWARE
In Parlor Suites
SERGES TWEEDS, WORSTEDS
&c. &c.
Frame are New Coverings are New Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
What’s the use of making a stump speech every time you try to sell a
Sideboard,	Bedroom Suite,
Extension Table,	Spring Mattress,
Dining-room Chair,	Wool Mattress
Kitchen Table,	Parlor Table,
Kitchen Chair,	Hall Rack,
Bedstead,	or Lounge	?
Show the products of the best manufacturers,—they do their own talking.
f
come in contact with the shell, which
If it is placed on the small end it will always have a layer of white between it and the rhell. * Eggs absorb odors easily, therefore only odor lees materials should be used when pack- ... ing them.—August Ladies’ Home Journal. Wl11 ,0 fnun<i choiee aml complete in every _________________________________ respect, and at money-saving prices.

alC.15 P; M. Limited—From Montreal leaving at 7.50 p.m., connecting with I. C. Ry. Express from all points east. Has Pullman Parlor Car.
)
)
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND PROM THE WEST.
. (Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
8 15 A. M. For Arnprior, Renfrew, Eganville, Pembroke. Parry's Pay, Whitney. Canoe Lake. Pam-Sound and intermediate points.
4.40 P. M. For Arnprior. Renfrew, Eganville, Pembroke, Madawnska and intermediate stations.
1.00 P. '1 " 'I T f-r A ¦
Eganville, Madawaska and intermediate
X CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
an Inspection of which is invited.
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
A. HODCINS, -,
PROROP.IETOR OtOVeS.
I
'ATENTS
* >1*WWVWV\VW\
The lwlance of our stock of Stoves to ho cleared out at reduced figures.
>
stations
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD

Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot : 11.10 A. M. From Madawaska, Penihr
Trade Marks ^JÊÊÊÊÊK* Designs
Copyrights &c.
Anyone sending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an Invention is probably patentable. Communie*, tions strictly confidential. Handbook on Patents sent free. Oldest agency for securing patents.
Patenta taken through Munn & Co. receive êpfcial notice, without charge. In the
a1/a
Eganville, Renfrew. Arnprior and intermediate points.
6.55 P. M From Parry Sound, Eganville, Renfrew. Arnprior and intermediate points.
8.50 P M. Mixed Trains from Madawnska, Eganville, Renfrew, Arnprior and intermediate stations.
Roofing Contracts taken
and estimates furnished.
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Orocer end Storekeeper The Hardware end Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
Samples Free
C. E. WAINMAN,
a—Trains running daily except Sunday, b-Sunday only.
Scientific American.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
GUTHBERTSON, GRARAM & ELLIOTT,
Shawville-
P.S.—Top price for Hides and Pelts.
Central Depot, Russell House Block
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest clr-eolation of any scientific Journal. Terms. $% a year; four months, $L Sold by all newsdealer*.
MUNN tco.'"— New York
Branch Office (2D F BU Washington, D. C.
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
Tickets to Europe and all parta of the world by all American and Canadian steamship lines, also Ccok'e
lours.
I

1
