###PAGE###1###
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (G)
i
y


\




%
m


*
No. 8—18th Yea i!
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUI
THURSDAY, AUG. !>.	1000
§1.00 a Yeah in Advance.
* •

;
)
Di. Alexander wan called mi Tlmi sdny 0,1 *he dilcli won ml tliu pr to attend u young man named l)nds, of 1‘iank McDowell, hoard «Maple Ridge neighborhood, who an i r'>un. John St v wart, seconded hy dentally had the prong of h pitchfork '^'hii Smiley, that. the said roport I run into one of his eyes.	*K hereby laid over till our next meet in
It to tho intention uf tliB Oovri-nment %"**	'H further i
to provide the veteran# who served during ! tho Fenian Raids .a i and 1870 with 1
farms in the District of Nipissing. It, is	111 v valuators present for tho revision
proposed i" grant tho . m loldiei v , farms of 180 acres on terms that will he !u* , !leilJ/A	,
satisfactory. Men will he sent out to look vall,w* «1	Ukon from the pro-
over the lands offered, and <ce if they are 1	'1	' 111 ^ ^ hif'* » lb'«s. Premier-
tit for farming purposes or not.	valued at gwiO.tK), Rt of
‘JO, on hth R
of W ill mil Ir
'"if,
Yes, it’s Hot !
OTTAWA, CAN AI» A
llne.l Offlne: Capital
CSVltMl H|
Ik’.I
I
OF CANADA.
%
1.7U.UK
1,101,:»
4
'
H* Ht
il vent i gate tho matter
( HI
Hoard of Directors :
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000. RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Chau lbs M a cj b e, Khq., President, i - i: H \v, i (, ,Vic3-President.
i .I
Alex. Phaser, E*g ,
Everyone says so.
valuation mil as follows
ii 1st If., J
Foi
John M mmi, F)hq David Ma< Luikn, Hng
I
acres
Dkmnis Mi hhiy, Eng
Head Ollice, . Montreal.
Onoral Mntiagvr, .. .. Manager.
GEORGE WRN D. II. FINN IK

a Me Knight, I OH
1 he Lord I•iniiop of Montreal laid the lews, valued at £8.50, Pt. 20, on (>th If. ; corner stone of the new St. JanW vhuwh Wm. Horner, for Daniel Kennedy, \ is, at the corner of Main and church streets, all lit, on loth if.,g |	g
Hull on Saturday afternoon. The ini- $1!M)0.UQ ; 8. W*. £ 20, on 10th R, got-pWMsivo ceremonies were witnessed hy to Daniel O'lirivnVitli k of 21, on tilth, a large number of the members of the all at £800.00; Rohm tirant, S. W.J congregation and hy many other inter- of S. W. j of ID, 11th R ested spectators.	of I). Kennedy, 50 acres, value £VH)
In the immediate vicinity of	the scene	N. WJ, 22 on 10th, to ho added t
hundreds of men were engaged in the lot 2:1, on the l<lth at tin lo a.m.to I p.m. 1 erection of other buildings and these su- valuation, $1150.00;Tho*. Jas. Johnston, lo a	m.	to l p.m.	«pended work while the ceremony was	Pt. 11, oa 1st If., 150acres, value $150
F.	A. PARKER,	| being enacted. A plntfoim	had been	\d«l $20*) to Win. Wallace and take it o
Manager. | erected and nil tins had been	placed an	Edward Smiley, jr., for .'32 acres sold.
organ. Appropriate hymns were sung Moved hy conn. John Stewart, second-and the bishop offered up special pray- ed hy conn. John Smiley, that this ConnUNDERTAKING	I ers.	cil regrets the action of the Quebec Rov-
-------------------------------------- Cuthbortson.Gpahain &EllloU still Thy offertory, which was in aid of t!i • enusent. i;i dividing the Crown Land
THFRF IS MO PLEASURE SO SWEET takfn™ materials. which re^rdln#; 'wilding (un I. amountrd to $255.	Xgency of this district, and detaching
I ntnt 10 HU riLMOUnL OU ontLI quality «re second to none. Prompt After the service, the ladies of the CWmloii, Rnstol, Onslow, Thorne and ¦	attention and charges moderate. I Young Peoples guild, of St. James* Aldtield from the Couionge agency, and
church, served dainty refreshments to that we hereby protest against such divi-t host* that attended.	sion being made, and that a copy of this
resolution he sent to David frillies, Es<p,
Branrlio* !
IN' ONTARIO;
Keuwathi,
K"mptvil!fl,
Malta wn,
Ottawa,
•lo UahkSt. It-rifrew •lo RUInmHt. Toronto, VunkWk Hill, Smith*» Folia
IN MANITOBA ;
Nil IH YILI.i: KRIM'II,
If you are looking for a cool spot, try our shop. Our customers say it’s cool and comfortable and so it is,—bright, airy and cool—a nice place to do your shopping, and we are selling all Summer Goods at cooling prices.........
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers note* bought and collected. Money transferred to all parts of tho world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Account* opened for amounts of one dollar* and upward*and Interest allowed.
OrricK Hour»
SATURDAY* .
Lanark,
Alexandria, Arnprlor, Avon mon<, Jlnvebrid Carleton
>00 acres, valued
Sound, r«.k«, R»t Port i'/e.
Parry
iVni’
l
Phi e,
Hawkcsbury,
from (hi
Vh
Wltmii*%
Dnapliin
i
Portage La Prairie
saiiu
IN QVEBM Hull,
Lavîmte
Monti
Agent# in (' mmh, New York and Chicago-Hank of Montreal.
Agents in Ht. Paul—Mm-hanls Nut, li nk.
Agents in London, Kng.—Parr's Haute I.t'd.
1

Farmers and Millmen !
As that which Is combined with Profit
Wisconsin, had a million
Ashland, dollar lumber tiro on Saturday
Keep us in mind when you want
Binder Twine,
Machine Oil,
Paris Green,
Harvesting Tools,
Binding and Threshing Mitts, Cylinder Oil,
Engine Fittings,
Engine Packing,
Belt Lacing,
Belt Rivets, Punches, &c.
“ Always at right prices.”
A SUMMER SESSION
PERSONAL
Father Dowdall’s picnic at Banville on Friday wbh largely attended, and a great success.
A man named Isidore Vendette was drowned in the canal at Ottawa on.
Thursday night last He is supposed t»I*'VH u ... .....	.	.	.
have upset from a buggy and fallen in L Mr- s-	vv”f the Printing
tho canal during the darkness.	Buiuau, took a run home on Saturday
evening to see lus relatives here.
Mr. W. .1. H ides, of tho Shawville Mr. Jaa. Way, and daughter, of Hud Milling Company, narrowly escaped ser- derstield, were down this week to me.-t ions injury last week while working on Mrs. Alexander, (sister of Mrs. Way,) of the under structure of tho store-house in Luddington, Mason Vo. Michigan, who course of erection near the mill. As it | with Mr John Brown, of Cantley, Que., was ho hail one leg rather severely bruis- arrived by train on Monday evening, ed owing to a heavy piece of timber un- Mr. Way and his friends returned home expectedly sliding out of place before it ,,n Tuesday afternoon, was pinned down.	Mrs. W. 11. Kelly and family, of Ottawa,
Mr. Henry 8. McDowell, of the Cth | ^th^lMt week8 ¦ ^ * Brown!ees range, Clarendon, was in town on Monday, seeking signatures to a document, petitioning Mr. D. Gillies, M. L. A., to obtain a grant to aid in opening a part of the 6th line between Ebenezer church and Bryson. It is claimed the proposed road will greatly shorten the distance between Shawville and Bryson.
M. P. 1*., fur Pontiac.¦— Curried.
Moved by coun. \V. A. Hudgins, seconded by coun. John Stewart, that a rate «»f A of une cent in the dollar of every dollar on the valuation roll bo and is hereby levied for municipal purposes for the year P.*K); and also j of one cent in the dollar for every dollar of the valuation roll be and is hereby levied to defray interest and sinking fund of the Railway Bonus for the year PHN), and that a bylaw be now framed to that effect.—Carried. By-law framed accordingly and carried.
was
Specially designed for those who are anxious to Improve the summer mont lis and to turn them to profit, will open JULY !>. and continue for six weeks, for the taking up of Business and all Commercial matters, Shorthand and Typewriting, English and French and .... other special studies,
iiti
The Misses Buddie and Verna McGuire returned from a 3 weeks’ visit to relatives at Ottawa, Stittsville and other
r %

PARENTS' ATTENTION
Why have
the I has and girls wasting their time around* home during the summer vacation when they could he getting it start ing of a practical education at a very
TEACHERS* ATTENTION
i
Moved, seconded and carried that we
H. Matheson, Sec. - Treasurer.
X special
course will be taken up during the sum-
designed for tea* hers \\ ho wish lo enquire into business methods and to be able to return to their schools in the fall, feeling that they have some thing practical to give their boys and girls.
lift
adjourn
mer session
Elections may be on October 16.
Toronto, Ont.,. August 4. —Sir Richard Cartwright, Hon. James Sutherland and other prominent Ontario Liberals, held a conference with a number of local Liberals at tho Rossin House yesterday. According to the Mail and Empire the object- of the conference was to take a census of opinion as to the date on which the general election should be held, and to prepare plans foi the campaign.
Mr. Sutherland, when questioned, professed ignorance as to the time of the
RADFORD
Kl'tf'lAL RATES I'OR THONK ENTERING TOR THE HVMNKR MENTION WILL UK ALLOWED TO ALL !‘El!S0K8 WHO ES I Lit THEIR NAMES DEROBE JULY HINT!!.
Drop a Postal for full Information.
Mr. T. Prendergaat’a friends will be pleased to learn that he has improved very much in the last week. Hopes are now entertained for his complete rycov-
The Baptist congregation of Renfrew I Haying is past and harvest is begun, ran an excursion on Friday last to Nor- and autumn with its golden field#of grain way Bay at the Quebec side of the Ottawa | is here.
river opposite Sand Point. There was Mr. ft. A. Ralph, of Ottawa city has
quite a large number went, and these to- been visiting friends in this locality. , ,	~
get her With the campers which were Last week a number from Radford i r <v,|<'l1, Jho mein iers of the Govern1 there, made a fairly large crowd. The made gay tho attractive picnic grounds MIIUIlt» '1(‘ s;l,‘L ;x(rr<2 a isent from Or-usual games and sports were	indulged in	which nature has provided,	at Mr. S,	ritvv'Vtn< A<", ‘ T/	return until the end
and the party report a good	time. They	Homer’s lake.	Browny.	, r 1 • *n‘ *nT 1 - He	expressed a doubt
returned on the evening local. Norway I	| that John Chariton ha. 1 stated that there
Huy is an ideal spot for a camping	_ T7~T~ZT	would be another meeting of the Jomt
ground, but the place is not easily access	Sacred to the Memory.	High Commission m the fall,
ibie from the Ontario aide owing to there . , .	.......	ne Evening Telegram says
being only a horse ferry across from Sand Ut	lo b“rk and wte fur tls lhr,r Clv f.*ecuU™ f	1{cf"r'" Ass'™-
Point.—Renfrew Journal.	| Let wirkedlions howl ami light, for He hath mule l î1,,n’,w J! '	Lu t wnglit presid-
them	mg, heul a conference yesterday afternut'* PmivbH “you should cover	let	your argiy	noon \n the ltown House to review the
Wk PR<xir.EH6.~Mr. W. W. Ireland’s I YourclumHy jlnrsviere uever mud-	to	carry off a	I |>olitical situation.	As an outcome of
new brick residence on Pickanock Ht., prize.	j	the conference, it is reported today that
is fast nearing completion, Mr. C. J. You brought us to your picnic anil we did our level | the general elections fur the Dominion Hayes having the second coating now in i**t	|	will be held on October 1U."
hand. The building when finished will To varD,i^ ,,ur	and to enter*
be one of tho most comfortable as well ns I But had we ate no dinner why then it'n du d handsome residences in town. The carpenter work has been executed by
„ B v	.	.	. i Messrs. R D. Finnigan and J. J. Cag-. 0,„ own „ lrnd, aw m, cro.,ling; now Old that girl
For Sale—Team of work horses well, and the former, wo understand, is act fair
weighing about 2,400 lbs. Will give to finish the work when the plasterers are | To bWl'11jîe ^ i*Beath her drew ard May it was m-t
three years' time to good tivm.--L. T. [through
Martin, Ladysmith.
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE
Bryson, - Que.
ery
J. H. SHAW
LOCAL NEWS.
*
*1
For Organs, Pianos and Sewing Ma chines, see A. Howard at Pontiac House
Miss Stewart, of this town, spent a few days in Ottawa last week.
We notice that our Bryson cotem takes considerable stock in the Kickapoo Med. Company.
We learn that Mr. B. W. Young has purchased Mr. Hugh Hobbs’ property on Main street
f
The
Snaps in

For Fashionable Dressmaking call on Miss McHugh, over 0. F. Hudgins’ store.
Born—At Upper Litchfield, on Tuesday, the 31st ult., to Mr. and Mrs Stevenson, a daughter.
IANOS

n the
t
t!e«s The concession granted by the present r j government of the right to transport oil r j in tank steamers, has admittedly led to the absorption of the Canadian oil business by the Standard oil trust of the United States, which by means of this
tm
We him? been an even match, fur k tools ns you.
going fast !
You say we won the twlgfs, well on ti it ¦ safe (concession, has been able not only to control thv entire refining industry and make its own prices to consumers, but to force even the railway companies to discriminate in its favor.
As a corollary of this legislation comes a further concession in the way of reduced canal tolls in favor of the tank steam -
| Mr. J. J. Caldwell is now engaged on . | the carpenter work of Mr. Ralph II<>.I-11M il
to Ik**
won them we have not RE
...................
extensive shed for storing machinery on ga
Sunday, July 211, after ft short illness, | his lot, next to Mr. R. J. Black’s, and We can tern.. like Julius Caesar, “ the unklmUst ( er
William Drew, aged 70 years. (Smith’s I the Shawville Milling Company have |	' 'rul1'	|
Fall’s papers please copy.)	1	I	¦
V
s / '
You have «aid lumî things about us and have talked us most to sleep.
And made a lut of jroinkivs you know you cannot keep;
We have the following BARGAINS only now
.. remaining :
One only Hood Square Piano, rosewood case
One Gilbert Piano
One Dominion Square Piano, rosewood case, carved legs, in splendid condition ............................
The above all on three years payments.
• e
• #
e #
written since that famous
Dili»—At Orecrmount, Thorne, on
When <>il carried in ban , 215
commenced the erection of a large store-1 w« have rea l your dizzy ravings about “ peace I gallons, at 8 pounds a gallon, were con-
house alongside tho mill.	It WMeaiiïr'to'^TimL It was to under,land; Udered as the equivalent of a ton, the
Messrs. Armstrong & Dale, having We have studied it with j«atienc*e and it* liieutiirig we barrels containing this quantity averaged
I - -SSJfi	-1 ac&rBLS 5*1*4
son’s residence opposite the exhibition grounds.
$ 75.
• #
• #
e #
Mr. W. B. Crawford is still nursing a pretty badly «trained foot, which he received while getting out of the way of a runaway team with a binder attached, Bomo days ago.
150.
# #
# #
# e
Your grand and moral precept appears a trifle weak	l pon representation hy the oil
When you pneanh u love one another " and conclude company that the charge for barrels was
And	. trim- unfair in the case of oil carried in bulk in
misty too;	tank vessels, the government passed an
After an absence of nearly four years, I n must be*' poetic license since we know it is not order making the toll 20 cents on 250
Mr. Hiram Morrison returned home on true;	gallons, a reduction equivalent to 2 45
Wednesday evening nithout notice* and	Your jk>rp of Injured innocence ingivpn d^atl sway	cents per ton^ or sufficient to pay the
therefore much to the surprise and de-1	When ^n^,ayy™ loet ,our ttimPerJU8t because w	I oanal tol]H on the Standard oil tank
Correction.—In the letterofcondolence	light <>f his mother and relatives here. |	T*was not for prit e but principe that whit we did	J steamers from Lake Erie to Montreal,
published last, week, re. death of Mrs.	Hiram left Dawson city on the 16th of
Lonsdale, tin* signature. “ A. 1 . Smiley	]Mt; month, and was only 12 days
should have been A. F»Shirley.	| actual travelling on the road, a remark-
Wanted.—Two men and	teams for	ably short time, considering the months	Uito and Mte' 1 1 na"	in Paris la»t wer*k, once paid an English
threshing season of about	fifty days,	it occupied a very few years ago to make !	Let Peerless bulge «till chew the rag, (tley’ve littje	dentist $.>,000 for removing an aching
Will take teams without men if neccs- the journey to and from our far-off gold ^^*># volce lw Veara tind tea,h u« C__________________________	___________
sary. Apply, stating wages, to	regions. Hiram looks none the worse for	when	to stop,	|  —	 j
E. T. Martin, Ladysmith,	the several years roughing it, incident to ' Anl let nil	show	a little sense and let thj ,,ia*.Ur
I	e	> mining life, that he has come through, ' DR'	EL Jl' '
Tho prize list of Co. Pontiac Ag. So-1 and unlike many thousands of others ciety No. 1, has been issued from this	who went to Klondike, ho was not scared
office, and is now in tho handy of Sucre-	,lwlly by the hardships of that frozen-up
ttry Graham, front whom parties requit; country. On the contrary he with a I Town Hall, Shawville, August 6th, 1900. ing a copy will be enabled to obtain it. couple of other adventurous young fellows Regular session of the Council this day.
The exhibition this year takes place on have established a “ stake " in the coun-1 Members present, Mr. Mayor Thos. Mac-tho 18th and 19th of September.	try from which they are realizing sub- farlane; Councillors, John Smiley, John
A friend has handed us for perusal a st ant ini profita, and our young friend in- j Stewart and W. A. Hodgins. copy of tho Belfast Weekly News, of t?™8 returning again, before navigation Minutes of last meeting read.
July 14th, which contains exhaustive re- Hoses, and this l>emg a very uncertain Moved by coun. John Stewart, second-ports of Orange celebrations held through- quantity up in the frozen mutli, his visit by coun W. A. Hodgins, that tho out, Ireland on the Twelfth, We notice W*H necessarily be cut short. Hiram minutes of last meeting as now read be that at special anniversary services held CAn	nmny interesting incidents of &nd are hereby confirmed.—Carried,
in St. Michael’s New Church on that ,m»mK ll[° ? h°w fortunes have been | Moved by coun. John Stewart, second-date the name of Rev. R. Warrington ap- ©Asily made and partinl company with Ld by coun. W. A. Hodgins, that this pears on one occasion as preacher. Ac- e,ven mo,!e rea~1*?» A,1(* Jrom t*ie descrip- j Council cannot accede to the request of companying the. paper is an engraving V0?	. nlveR of life at Dawson city, we Mrs. Jas. Findlay in any further exeinp-
representing an Orange procession of 100 judge it would furnish an extensive field . tion from taxes.—Carried. years ago.	1 of operation for the \ . M. C. A.	| Verbal report of coun. W. A. Hodgins
150.
We are pleased to state that the reported illness of Mr. Lewis J. LcRoy, Pontiac's representative on the Canadian force in South Africa, turns out to l>c incorrect.
T
For further particulars see
wsKlone.
We lia<l both with us, Oh, Ftcrieüs ! while you liâd neither one.
Mil. J. R. IIOKNEH
Shawville,
who is our authorized representative for the Counties of Pontiac and Ottawa.
It is stated by an exchange that the Shah of Persia, who escaped assassination
# *
f
i

D. W. KARN COMPANY, L’t’d,
197 SPARKS STREET, OTTAWA.
Clarendon Council
TENDERS WANTED.
T\
North East Half of Lot No. 4 oil the Fifth Range of the Township of Clarendon containing 120 acres of land, 100 acres of which are cleared and in a first -class state of cultivation. A good young sugar bush and orchard on the farm and a first class spring creek runs through it. Situated 1À miles from village of Shawville. No. 4 School 5 acres from house. Good house, wood shed, machine shed, cedar barn, stable for ti span of horses, cow house and granary. One of the best dairy and grain farms In the county. For further par-
JOHN W. KNOX.
Shawville, Que.
Sealed tenders will he received at the office of the undersigned up to the hour of ten o'clock a. m.. on the 14th day of August. next, for the office of Care-taker of school rooms and school property of this corporation. Duties to commence at the opening of the school, l«t September, and to continue up to the opening of next term in September, 1901. The nature of the work to be performed will he made known at office or Sec.-Treasurer.
H LANG,
Sec.-Treasurer.




i
titulars apply to
Shawville, July 30th, 1900,
!














* Cr




St-







\

V

###PAGE###2###
PAGE (S) ABÎMEE (S)
1
Z
00M PAUL MET HIS MATCH
THE HED, WHITE, AND BLUE.
to Japan; leaving behind him, however, un upon letter addressed to the foreign Ministers, in whidb certain unamirtble oharacteriatloa that have hpon ascribed to the Empress are
ing by the guest seating herself in “ the honorable place.”
Pipes are then brought in, and if, being a foreigner, the guest declines to smoke, the hostess also foregoes the pleasure of her accustom d indulgence, Presently tea is brought — the most exquisite, ethereal beverage that could be im 1 gined—Vt\rved without frugar or cream, clear as umber, flavored with flowers ; it m like sipping the breath of June. With the tea are served delicate lit tie cakes, ornamented with Vermillion sputa, not unlike little round sponge cakes, and de-
THE EMPRESS OF CHINA,
Cmiiius Chinese Customs.
The manlr PrrmHtr.il «MUr Tra.maal 11.1 THffliee, AppranrlaiiMl
u >1.11 n;m a# Hr ave am lltin«rir.	tallom.
UJF flawy of ihe
THE ABLE WOMAN WHO RULES THE ANCIENT EMPIRE OK THE EAST.
0>mi Paul Is » courageous» man and
The red, white, uml kkue favours ,n,ny .tor.-* of tm l-rowra. hare teen whioh reContly ,,,oemimU fotlh
I old 1.UI hcr* I» one in which the rug- rndlent |>roflM|on 0Ter tfcB ^gth and
g'd old preniUe.il of the Brnnm.l brNldth of L(>n<lon „„d.r *„ «timu-
mit l.ia much, nu K-.gli.sh wvm.n Llting lnflu„D(M 0, our 8Ubltnn.
I.rflig 'h« olhoi P'i'ly I" the incident. (1„| tvocmM in 8<mth Africa, ear* the Tht* New York Cuiunieroi it vouches
for live truth of the narrative. It was during the troublous tunes which culminated in th«* disaster of Majuhs Hill, and the husband of lb) lady in êtion owned n farm not far from
O** nvvhr bcoomes fo well acquainted v«'.a the Chinese that ceremony may *», dispensed with. It is possible
that there may be informal visiting among very uld friends and neighbors, but it us hardly conceivable. With mere acquaintances the visit caiuiot be paid until one is s.ni fur; then a cart arrives more or less splendid. according to the position of the hostess. If she happen to be poor the v<shicle will lie shabby in the extreme —the mule by which suvh a cart i.s drawn, gauut ami aged, the driver filthy and in rags.
It iis owner is a woman of wealth
She is coinpar
ft uikly oat il kguod cil to the EnipreM Wu, who also sue oeoded in keeping her son in tutelage and keeping hold of power during a long oml lioentiouH life charged with having tried to cor-rupi the Emperor, and with hiving poisoned her former colle igue, the
Empress Dowager of Mien l ung in i- daughter-in-law, ' iv- Bropre?
She is ch ir
Iter Imrluevi to Obiulit mid Hold reiver >*uiipr| i:iii|irror» Wbom Miv II » Hunt-p.ilnlfil lor Forty leant H r Keren! lfr*r|loa*r.v Volley-Tlte <oup «11.1 U of PH*.
She is
XVvet minster G azette, are remarkable ne example* of a symbol which fui-, fils none of the elementary functions of symbolism, since its indiscriminate adoption by several diverse nationalities has nullified its meaning and destroyed Its distinctive value. The ool-uurs which ore worn to-day to oole-I brute u British victory might with * equal or greater reason be displayed for u Dutch triumph, and in point of priority the host title to their probably 11m with the Netheilund nation, which, was the first to adopt them us a national ensign.
The earliest form*of the Dutch "dreikleur" was, however, oruuge, white, and blue, borrowed from the heraldic tinctures of William the Silent’s family arms, the first-named color subsequent|y being changed to 1 he constructive genuis of Peter the Great, which, was as much imitative as creative, com mande red the Duloli colors for the flag of his Dulch-modelled navy, merely changing (lie order of the horizontal binds from rvd, white, and blue to whit,*, blue, and red—4i doubtful heraldic arrangement, which, however, remains the Russiad mercantile ensign to this
One of the characters in u play that had some vogue in London a dozen or fifteen years ago declared, nightly, tint he was at his thirty-seventh conspiracy
uni!
qu
Dowager <>f 1 ang Che
net mi zed us a usuper, having depos
I'll * Ian press Dowager Tze
lie ions sweetmeats, candied fruits, red
frai, marin tilde, pressed into little I hsi-tum-yu has not yet rivalled that quarts, or walnuts browned iu boiling vooord, but she is getting oil and then dipped for an instant in- Persons have attained to the position . . Im syrup. If ili.' guest wishes to Empress, moreover, they no longer
the vehicle will be curtained and cu*h- \ \H> very polite .she must make a good j 0 ms pi re, they mike coups d'etat. The ione.d with fine blue or purple cloth, j jvd| 0( nolle with liar lips, as she sips! Empress Tzv-hsi has made several and there will bo iu attendance not j j,or tea and eats her sweet moats, for
the town of Potr.h effet room, recently so prominent m disp nch«s from Lord
0>m Vaut was at that
%
ed an Emperor who was full of bright-nr.Hs and promise; and is told mho is. after all, but n concubine relict of Hien Fung "whom, by her acts, htv made die of spleen and indignation.’ t’li mg Yln-humn,
England twelve months Special Envoy at the Queen's jubilee, was banished to Turkestan, having been hardly
on. When
Roberts
Unit* some twenty years youngu tfo ui now, and consequently took a ictive parti iiv actual hostilities.
more
A e inm < hilt i i mg was. said to 1
md whiLei un ouo of hi» ex-
use
who had been m before as
I'he first was in 1801, whan mha cum
: p
p Oil ions he and liis companions visit id the homestead of the ludy Vhe f ilin there were a number of fine horses, more of the English breed than of the scraggy African stock, m l as tti to took the fancy of Corn-m itidani Ki ug«r he promptly decided to comm ind;‘<er Vhe nil for the in-
blued with Prince Kung an dher sister Empress, Tee An, to seize the reigns of power after the death of their consort the Emperor IIion Fung. The next was in 1875
but two | this shows that tin* refreshment is up
only the woman servant
haughty outriders mounted on Chi- i predated nese ponies. The woman servant is
0.1
Very few Chinese women, even those •ent invariably to accompany the, | t>f high rank are educated. The great guest, since no well-bred woman
SAVED FROM DEATH
Having grasp-
10 I majority v-an neither read noi write
China ventures into the streets alone. Hemmed in by wails of the courts | ,>'1 ™in3 in	1110 tvv0 ,udies
One of the stigmas attached to the which they seldom leave, their range reputation of the present dowager | ^	^ naturally very limited. It
« mpress is a 11edition 1 hat when
it is believed, by the interiK>sition of her Britannic High provincial officials guilty of progressive tendencies were displaced light and left, and their places filled by M inches nnil reactionaries. U was frankly untie pi tod, at the time, tbit a drama which opened with Mich amenities w<
succeeded in holding them and gov-
M ij sty's Minister
erning, as regents, during the long minority, of I lien Fung's son, and successor, Fung Che
tire for a while when the litter came
red
amgovernment.
"lh- c me into our 'house wi'th hi* lotd d rifle slung over,tiw shoulder,1, s.ud Che Indy "lift surveyed the place mi h so unmistakable an ex-uld he consuma ted by p,, >su>,i, tint 1 jump d to the correct Kwang Su’a deal h; bul an explosion conclusion m to mi h» ion at once, of rv moots Iran 00 from the provinces [ ^ ,,| n</ long to wait for lh* hard combined with representations by tinth, and, as I was only aocompani d her Britannic Majesty's Minister of by ,uv children—tf-oi* my» husband hid the evil impression that would be pro- p ,f ( wlu-n the tioutble begm, being duoed by such an event, to arrest I ho bully wanted by the enemy—1, a design. II w is ail wad to 1 ve, Un- — !<hji«3 women, could scarcely iutorder close tutelage and control, and (ere. I am going to take your t ho Empress Tzo-hsi has rul 'd open- hoists, madam,‘ he said, very politely in his stead.
•Having turned the tables on her
a is difficult, therefore, for even (or-
girl she once went out upon the streets eigners, who understand the language alone and bought a certain kind of J to converse with them, they have so c..L - of which she was very fond
They hut to re-
of age, in 1873; but his death, two years later, gave them another op-
few topics iu common
All Chinese houses are concealed
The gmst will be asked her age from the street, by high bla.nk walls, | first of all; for with th* Chinese it J poi*t unity, which t hey were prompt to
seise. Tung Che died childless, but
Ou either side of the entrance are the is not considered rude to ask the most eta bled and the apartments of thu pointed, personal questions, gatt-keeper and the other servants ! or she U the more admirable will she
l’h.‘ eld- *	a widow, Ah-lu-tn, who might
hope to give him a posthumous heir.
The Em press Ah-lu-teV claims were ignored, and shortly obliterated by death!—declared to be suicidal, but so
Near the door of the court, a stout, ace in, in the eyes of her entertainers, well-groomed mule is frequently fur youth in China is not entitled to hitcht*d to an iron ring in the wall-, much respect. The hostess will then the animal which the master of the want to know' if her parents are liv. j convenient that it was spoken of with
house rides, or hitches to his cart, aud : iag, how many brothers she has. and 1 il S^1U^'	Ht |rctlun 01 an ,in^
which throughout China everywhere^! how many alstors, and from this the 01 ' un<l,‘r 8I1C^ circumstances, <U vo
day
Previous to this the blending of the English and Scotch standards of St. George and St. Andrew by the Union of t ha Crown* bis brough! the same three colors into the British national "Jack;" while nearly two hundred years later the Infant Commonwealth of North America chanced upon the identical tinctures in the blazonry of ita star-spangled banner. The traditional want of observation
ves really up m the heads of
THE IMPERIAL CLAN
ly; 'in fact, they are iuiw lb On* hands
iddrd, ‘but a?i an
transition to the question of—«Irene—
If the hostess and her daughter-in- ' Is easy and natural. Any pecul ariti • law are not waiting to receive the in the visitor's toilet will be noted;! U was up>n l'aai tien, as tin? present guest, there Is certain to be a half- her jewels, rings and brooch will be Emperor dozen women servants, and the fam- , closely examined, her lace and ribbons j n lined, who was at that time only ily will be waiting in the court bo- j admired, and she will be asked if her & l-~ yeirs old, that the choice of the
Imperial Clan court fell.
Tung Che died on Jan. U, 1875
takes precedence of the horse
010*11,’ h»'
ol in#v
adversaries, and recovered the pow- acknowledgment for the lam of the er which those who hive once tasted ; horses, 1 will leave you this signed
K wa n g Su was originally
it are reputed to love, the Empress	docuiut ul.’ Thrtivupou lie uusiuug
might Inve been content; thou h	Ris rifle and laid it upon tib»\ hitting
even she might grow weary of com-	l4>u'iu table, while lid searched m a
On	biting the hospitality to h r regime	pt>uch for the p par ho referred to.
which centres round the personality A of Kwang Su
\ decree of the clique was not happy
fur the moment, but their mistress is ^,_mt>st worn n won Iivo upon the advanced in years, and what woul 1
hippen at her death? If the Lmp*-r- point«I tlv muzzle at n ui. ‘1 uu will
Inot tak; the horses, aud unless you
disturbed were n<>t likely to subside	fresh ere of reform, uni not of re-	pu	tbit	pip*r	luok	1 will	fine.- 1
at mice, ft was felt that the natural	form only but of revenge, perhaps,	scivarn d in a	frenzy	of	rage
course	of	succession	had	been	divert-	for wnmgs suffered and indignities	Kiug i w is loo wiae a man loduuht
ed. to	serve	the	ambition of	the	dow-	imp s«d. So a fresh combination was	uy word itid In oUyed, though, at
agers, hut they were able to make	devised. The promise of adopting a	th	same	urn
good their position. The death of	posthumous Son to Tung Che h».i nev-	you,	i had	no
the young Empress Ah-lu-te, two er been fulfilled, as Kwang Su has done what 1 threatened. ‘ Promiso months after her husband, cleared the not Mfilled his share by providing that you will not' lake the atvjek, way. All passed without external the child. It was consistent, under dvimtidvd. Ib prt mised, i
disturbance, and the august ladies en- th-se circumstances, to propose lh it my eut prise, to leave the horses a 1 ouu, cul ir fashion in which th y are borne tered upon a second regency which one* should be selected from imong and said that nothing belonging Iu at the present day. lasted—iu the case of Tzn An, till her t h** younger members of the Imp'r- our f irm would bJ touched. Indeed. Blue, fed, and white form the na« death in lh8l, and in the case uf her i ll Clan. A sou, adopted or other- ^alluringly added t hat such a brave tioinal standards of two other Kur-htill surviving colleague, till Kwang wise, of Tung Che would stand nu woman us I bcii'd uot h»\o any- opean Su ci me uf age, in 1889.	ns heir to the throne, and i wh U thing comm ad end. Tueu he ask-
Thc Empress Dowager retired vista of possibilities was op un I up!'id foi h s rifle* but 1 made him/say avowedly, fruin the regency on Kwang One consideration might induce the .de u w « bout it. Ue ltdi( the horses, opted the same combination Su'k coming of age iu 1889, but her Empress to desert the Reactionary , and 1 h d ihe pleasure, of seeing b in ly the now continued influence was repeatedly muse and throw her Influence into and his men ride away. Théo J the Transvaal and the flag of ihe m de manifest in edicts whi h the Em- the opposite scale, Il has been mug- pi cb d the rifle fiom m* and sat Orange Free State both typify the j p-ior admitted having received her geeted (hit she is being carried far- d>wn ud en d. To his credit, the fu- ; dominant Dutch note by throe out of Instructions to issue or indorse. Dow- ther than she intended, hiving hid turc p;e -udciit kep his prom se, hut! their four component colors, ager Empresses arc traditionally a no conception of the forces that ire das! in horses disapp a red shortly pawer in Pekin. Wo find, for in- at work. Ihe last thing h * desires after, c mm indeered by another stance, the Emperor Tao Kwang. who is to	foio.' *‘his time, «hit did not offer to
was by no means a faineant, paying extraordinary respect to the lady
who occupied that position in his clay, that the present Reactionary policy and the tradition of prolonged lute- constitutes a danger for the dynasty
lage would combine with the prestige aurl the Empire, she migh be induced, Documents inscribed on plates of of position to give exceptional influ- yet, to change her course and sup- j baked clay have been found among the vuce to an able, determined and am- port the Empire in a policy of reform, ruins of Chaldea, which are undoubt-bitious woman like ize-hsi. It would lier hilt on the threshold of what edly wills drawn in legal form dealing be superfluous to recapitulate at was intended, clearly, to be a fresh with the transfer and bequeathing of length the circumstances of the Em- coup d’etat, two months ago, goes to property, and which date back to 3800 peror's revolt against that influ- prove that she is not impervious to R C. But the earliest.* personal became and practical supersession in 1898; nor need we attempt to ascertain the precise measure of his indi- opinion
vidutl capacity and force. What is kept in ignorance of the real import’ is written on papyrus, and is the will certain is that he stood for reform, and magnitude of t h» crisis by which of u priest leaving his personal and and that the Empress Dowager stands I he Empire is assailed. She is im- real estate to his wife, with power to for reaction. He had surrounded pressed, for the moment, by the vol- transmit it to her children. This will
urn*» of remonstrance her project further gives directions for burial,and has evoked, although she wreaks, is duly witnessed. In fact, it is so woman-like, her spue on iho.se whom' nearly identical iu form to a modern she singles out as opposing her will
The present advice of t#hc Emperor’s said, there would be nu difficulty in ad-friends at Pekin to th ir partisans milling it to probate if it were prein the provinces is said to bd not to seated in a modern court of law.
juud. fhey are arrayed in their best gown was made by a foreign tailor, apparel, gorgeous silk#, beautifully All that she ixxssesvs will be ext rava-embroidored, the hair elaborately ! gantly praivd, while l ho poor belong-dressed and adorned with flowers and ings of the entertainer will be oorres-gilt and silver fans glittering with | pouding I y dtsparag. d. When the visit
draws to a close the hostess will in-
attributed to the F r on oh in all matters appertaining to foreign countries
hat moment	idoa rush
Hut the reactionary tdivinv mud. 1 &eia d the nf e, nd probably explains the otherwise re-
All was safo hruig-ng thv bull of H to my Nhuuld-1 markable fact that in searching for a
distinctive color device wherewith to
Jan. 11, the Empresses formally accepted the regency which they had pi act ioally assumed lf»th announced that the designation "Kwang Su" h id b»on ch isen as the
st yle of t he m reign.
Witers which had been so violently or regained power, there would hr a
jewels
d* know how to h ndle a gun—1 t-ypify their revolutionized
St it«w
\
The guest addresses the m dher-in- upon accompanying the visitor to law first, then the other ladies, and lh® outer court; this she must be im-abe id welcomed with the Chinese P’ored not to do. the guest finally
submitting and shaking hands, Chi* ne-e fashion, by way of returning l he civility of those who thus dismiss her, after which *<he clambers into her cart and drives away.
they could hit upon no more original
combination than the much bcsp.k-en tricolor, evolved, according to some authorities, for a blend of red
In the
mode of Jia.ml-.ah iking—placing one closed hand upon the other—and moving iit up and down. If the children have been brought out for inspection —as usually Jiappeus—they are drawn up in line and greet the visitor with a pretty, graceful courtesy. As a rule,
Chinese children are extremely attractive,—they are so quaintly dressed, in such fascinating little gowns, jackets and trousers, that suit their dark skins and bright eyes admirably.
A Chinese hou.sehold is a community of which lh - parents are the head* over which the mother rules with an iron rod. Each sou must bring his wife to his mother’s house upon his marriage, and he must remain there with his growing family. Until she is fortunate enough to bear a son the portion of the daughtor-in-law is that of an upper servant, and frequently it is one of the utmost misery. When guests are received she must remain quite in the background; she cannot sit in the presence of her mother-inlaw until she is told to do so.
The best of the houses front the smith, and these, of course, are occupied by the mother-in-law. She has usually a suit of «avérai apartments a reception, dining and bed-room fearsome looking monster, nnd they These are separated by handsomely- i give it ail sorts of extraordinary ut-coj ved screens, but the floor is sim- tributes.
Pu u I
white of the old regime earlier stages uf the Republic's history, indeed, the national flig seams to have been indistinguishable in its arrangement from that of the Neth-fierlunds, though .subsequently the H'her to colors were arranged in the perpend I-
1 think 1 m-y tell lins courage to have
THE CHINESE DRAGON.
Il liai II Ur ii i I» I hr People of I liai
t’uiiulry.
In China the five-clawed dragon is the emblem of royalty. Usually it is pictured as rising from the Svi and clutching at the sun. thus expressing the idea of universal dominion Emperor’s person is called the dragon’s body, his throne, the dragons throne. To see the Emperor, a privilege allowed to but few, is to see the dragon’s face. The Emperor's crest is a dragon ; a dragon appears on the Chinese flag.
J be dragon is called *' Lung ” in China and symbolizes all that is imposing #nd powerful. The mass of the people believe iu the dragon as an actual existence, and waste much time and money in attempting, to propitiate the monster. The dragon has been described by Chinese writers us u meet
States—(ServiA and Montene-whilo Liberia and several of the
gro;
South A h rican Republic* bave ad-
Finali
familiar "vierklour’’ of
l'iie
NAMING THE PUNCE OF WALES
leave an acktiow ledgiueut or u bac vhe y had takcu.'
ENDANGER MK DYNASTY.
If il could be brought home to her
>
r
Life uf the Orlumitl U«!il*»r o. ihe
lllle.
About six hundred years ago there
EARLIEST ' LAST WILL.”
king of England—Ed ward I.—
was a
whosubdued the people of Wales. Af-
ter conquering the Welsh, ho was anxious to get their good-will, and so, when it happened that his first lwby was born in Carnarvon, in
prince
Wales, he had a bright idea. He announced that his t>oy was a native of
There are three kinds of dragons on,' of the sky. one of the marshes,
ply paved with brick or stone, audit D no-t even covered with matting.
ThiD is true of the emperor’s p.Uacts ! and one of the sea. Tbo two former as well as of the houses of the com- 1 must remain iu the habitat,, but the
manifestations of popular sentiment, quest of property to take effect after but many well qualified to form un death appears to lie an Egyptian docu- Wales—one who could speak M ebb
ire persuaded that she is ment of ,,,„ut the date R. 0. It just is well a#any other teeguA, this
was true, ns the baby was but a few weeks old, and ho should therefore tw the people's own prince Prince of Wales.
Twenty-three years after this baby became King of England, and about fifty years later bis grandson had as-v.ill that, ua a legal . authority has signed to him as the third Prince of
Wales, the crest and motto which has been borne by all the English kings who have since that day had the
mon people. The floor is seldom clean latter, the most powerful, (tail rise to
and La made (the repository of all | the sky. an I holds dominion over the manner of rubbish
When a visitor rivers
Edward
is exp otvd however, there is a good "ridding up,” and both the floors and | fbduMiu-u and they take g rest pains the court yards are carefully swept. | to treat it with due resp.-ct nod
o hi 11 say. I « y m i ing th fishei mi n gather and march in processions in htmor of the dragon, each man carry-
This dragon is great ly feared by
himself with reforming advisers, and had issued a numb r of edicts designed to got the State carriage out of the ancient ruts into which it hid sunk. Such attempts has excited antagonism enough upon occasion, in the compilât ively young countries of the West
In the reception room, a handsome table Lb placed against the wall op-
p v<iie tlie door, with a stiff-backed
chair on either side, and there are cab- j ‘nK :l	11 ^amri u	*u !^e
farm of a \ i. À loi,:	<1 - igon, .mi-
ma ted by men concealed in his body, heads the process,on. For a month
LmUs filled with oostly bronze and porcelain. iu the bedroom a k’ang oi
sons
The crest is three oeuich fei-
presa her too hard, hut to let her escape, if she will, by the loophole which the protests hive left her in laying the bl une on her advisers. "I he primary object is to su ve* Kwang Su. The great fear of the reform party is that he miy be made away with. So long as he is alive, they are Contending for th*»ir rightful Sovereign, but his death would undermine (hit standpoint of objection to the Empress's regime. To oppose her, if slower o ruling legally as Regent for a new Emperor would be to rebel, and rebellion is the sin of witchcraft; the Chinese have it in superstitious dre.t (.
they excited something
t itle
ihors, and the motto is the sentence, " Ich dien 1 serve.” It was given
COFFIN BREAKERS' SOCIETY
oven bed takes up fully half the Spaci and upon this, when not receiving, the j during Hie ear!y summer the fisher-
boa tees spends much more than half j LU,n 86 ; ^re H> joss papers and th row her time. She at is on it to sew, and 1 them upon the waters to appease the to cat, and to gossip, and at each end Lung-Yang as the water dragon is
ailed* And a. all son- i hi fi.-h-rmvii throw over vast quantities of
AKIN TO HORROR among moss-grown scholars who siw their venerable curriculum in danger of change; among palace creatures and place men who saw, their sinecures in danger; and among the whole h >st of permanent officials who saw their perquisiles and I he .stereotyped ruu-
v to ba thrown •«or was younger 4s in
There is no end to the number of Chinese secret societies—or the in- to the Black Prince u boy uf great gcunity uf their members.	Another promise, who fought bravely at the
weird Celestial Oiganizatiun has been buttle of Crocy.
of the k’ang are carved wardrobes
discovered* at Shanghai where two Chin amen were charged with being in possession of articles of clothing that did nut belong to them. Then the chief detective explained that "the
eon/tajuiug her finery
The dining room is shut off from | firecrackers from their boats in order
o keep the l ung away, i he Lu eg la
JAVANESE WOMEN
The juice of the green and growing pineapple is accredited to Java, the Philippines and throughout the far
Lh* i t-eeption room by a solid wall alihough under the same roof, and *.c j supposed not to like the noise of must be reached by going out of doors j plod ing crackers.
t ’’rt
men
were suj»pu.seil to belong to u society	--^^1 HI III	I
known as ibe Coffin Breakers, whose E:,et	wilh tk!in« 8 1,100,1 **
son of a most deadly nature. It in said
to be the substance with which the Malays poison their kreeses and dag-fgera, and also the " finger-nail poison formerly in use among aboriginal
almost universally,
All mandarins of high rank ha\
along the flagging protected by the deep overhanging eaves ingfl are a high, square table, with two or more stiff, polished, straight-backed chairs, side tables fur
carving of tl: ninj dishes which con-1 dragon, by having but foui rows. Ktitute a feast, and upon the wall in- J dragon is also a favorite emblem .•scriptions in Chinese characters, with I on plates and cups among the ric
Its furnish-1 dragon embroidered in gold three-
colored silks on the front and bad
object was to surreptitiously i uat end carry away boxes belonging to the passengers, instituting boxes resembling the ones taken away.” Their name
t be
enter
But
Vk-
aal-
their coats. This dragon is dis
the guished, however, from the irnpe
1
"Coffin u sakers,” how» ev S,us to luve as much tu do with their objects
'Righteous Harmony Fists."
hey
.Javanese WOEH 0 T bese women cultivated a nail on each hand to a long, sharp point, and the least scratch from one of these was certain death.
SOME! H ING NEEDED.
Beggar—You very kindly gave uv a pair of your trousers yesterday, sir, and now i have something els. to ask for.
Corpulent Benefactor—Well wh I Is itt
Bcggir—A square ime can wear them.
e of
ued
am-
as the redoubtable
other decorations.
At the door the hostess steps aside and entreats her guests to enter; to be polite she must firmly refuse, entreating her guest to precede her.
This controversy must be prolonged I man 50 years old has worked 6 for some time, when, of course, the days, has slept 6,000, has amused h gtiev enters first, as was intended, self 4,000, has walked 12,003 ini ie Is then conducted to the "honor- has been ill 500 days, his partake able place Lhe chair at the right of 36.000 meals, eaten 15,000 pound-the table, which she mu#t refuse, urg- meat and 4,000 uf fish, eggs and Ing the hostess to occupy it ; another stables and drank 7,000 gallon* lengthy	must follow, end- fluid.
Classes
ger
she
lively enough
LIFE STATISTICS.
It is a shim
in
Harriet,
that you
10	iU in	lull tow».
Dill* tiw uf N ou don't know wh you are talking about, Martha v* hid .in elup ment and five this week, the council

A MERCENARY VIEW OF IT.
Now tlint you nave pud every rc-pect to the memory of your departed hu&butid, I am sure that J cannot be accused of dùm-sp ot tn caking >ou
I tbought / when I married
A statistician has estimated tha
the
of
meal, tio Hi,il 1
it
we'
the
picnics 1nd school . have
Ihitu school tv.chers visiting them, and Simspoiis have painted th tr porch oh airs and gut a new ha
I ed
z* L

DOGS OF WAR
board are th a row
ff you will mtrry gain I nm sure 1 ct&w'i say.
ere

Germany, Austria, Sweden, Norway
and Italy are now training dugs fur
ial
of
was marryung again j my last buttband.

use In war.
rack
ioe



,








v

s
###PAGE###3###



1
r
K

i
>
» tv
pifir^rti bone All that is necessary | SOMETHING QUITE NEW-
for correct fiirriey w to keep tins horny ibex at a proper angle to Ihu limb it supporte, unci oons-quenlly hive It ho nhipbdas to be also in cornel proportion.
It will be seen from the foregoing that the governments more pirti« eularly mtereeied m the future of Chinn hare taken care to he fully uo<i accurutelj informed am to the character and reoources of those pror-; inoee in which they weie more im-Biedi ii.'iy conoeined
rr - 'a li iif n i mes hare been mentioned
am only a few of the many who have taken pirt in i lie work of prepiring the way fur the event a now ri|*tning in China, but it is in t be Ch • ricel-leriee of the F treign offices and the mobilisation depirtm*nta of the W ir Offices only of the different count i ies
in n tinned I hit their names ami the records of l heir work are known.
WHEN YOU BUY
9
9
' Uh the Farm
LUDELLA
le

t
n
SANDY SOILS.
Of a 11 the soils to be cultivated or to N restored, none tiro perferable to the light N&djr août rotiMies* free access is g min to pow^ erful effrois of air; they are natu&lly
d
You a e alwayn certain to ub
26 30, 40,10 and 00e
I-
OISY LON 'X333 A. it i* a purchase, not a speculation
In Lead Packets
Those c*i»lor-
COW POINTS
tain good rtftiilU
CHYLON GREEN TEA
e
Attention to little detail* and endeavoring to satisfy every whim of the oow, gradually increasing the
In that state to which drainage and rlrhiiees and quantity of the foo<i, I IpYPT (IT) ATTflW	flF fiHfN A
eub-eml plowing ar* reducing the stif- with regular exercise, will bring out lUAl UU11Ü11U11	U1	U 111 line
t h m m 11*8 c • p toit y as a but t#r pft
Minure may as weU he thrown into ducvr if h1h* h is attiy.
Flip re n rv i hotisunda of butterm-ik-
Hy their po-
8ame flavor as Japan, only moro delicious,
e
îji
GUARD THE BABY

m
*

AQAIN3T
<
e
CHOLERA INFANTUM
fer lands of Kngland
)
POLICY OF POWERS FORESHADED
BY TRAVELLERS.
moil fetal during br.t weather,
DR. HAMMOND-HALL'S
ENGLISH TEETHING SYRUP
WILL POSITIVELY PREVENT IT.
CURES, BOWEL COMPLAINTS, HIVES, ANO ALL TEETHING TROUBLES
NO OPIATES, NO ASTRINGENT EXTRACTS
AM Druggieta, Price 26 Cte. BRITISH CHEMISTS COMPANY,
LONDON. I NO,, NEW YORK, TORONTO
69 «
water on on land underlaid l>y wntei
Drain this an,I no muter if ibe upper ! er* (n-d:,y "u^rlor to the
' t enn ike re <4 a hundred y *< 1 :‘P" but it is pxo^i dmgly doubtful if there
best but-
/
b»
Hi Ill'll, KiirnIiiii anil G rmmi Ksiilerrr» lluvr Trnvrructl ilie fit lie try --The # h mrli-r niai llnaiurrf» el * liinn Are Mill kiiiiwu.
Nulwithstanding the magnitude of I)ii' obstacle* tint have always existed to travel in China, it is remarkable how many «oient ifio explorers hive t ru versed the length and breadth of the country since the early part of tfaf century. It. Ls Interesting also to observe how the names of the explore is and the territory through which t hey passed seem to indie Ue the aims commonly attribute'! to the various Pu »vt- rs now manifesting particular interest in Chinese affaire. Southern China, for instaura-, has been the special field for British explorers, while there hive been numerous Russian explorers in the nori h and northweelern provinces, and the Germans have given special attention to the northeastern parts of the ouun-
^ soil be aim os’ quicksand, manure will • / convert it into fertile, arable land.
The i hiu (Mivei ing of mould, searci oor Inch in thickness, Ihe product of m 1,1 who buill up lb,, lending unprov-
i '•<! breeds of Bi1 s)i sheep a n<l r . s
AN EASY WAY OUT.
Sir Mounts!mrt Grant Duff tells us that Torn Sheridan, reading Euclid with hi* tutor, and finding it tedious, linked: Was Euclid a good inauf The tutor did not know.
Was he an honorable, truthful muni We know nothing to the contrary. Then, don't you think we might take hi* word for all this 1
i
/y
f
ly m n siogîe breeder superior to
i he
Z
»

1
ii century, may be imitated and pro-,
duç°d in a whorl tun* bv studying the, 1	y<;u s aK°
laws of its formation.	Nl> r"°l1 18 Rood that ia not clean.
It to a well nwogmacd fact llial tf lh'' fount,,ln *¦ unclean II cannot
give forth
n
i

ih best
c eniiii stream
next to l< inperatuio the water sup
ply fa the moat Important factor in cwr Ln ,h" lT,,, ld cin “ot m ,ku elel,n the production of a cop Light eoile ,nllk	unclean food. Therefore,
I see to ft t hat all the food youi giro
A rich man is an honest man thank»* to him, for he would be a double knave to cheat mankind when he
Mery Of Hit- Uiivhi lucre iibi#- i aencr •* | hgfl iv> n,.HI| ,,f t.—Daniel Defoe.
un Olil 11 « i ni h ii
no
REMARKABLE PILGRIMAGE
give fOOd crops in s isons of pleiltl ,
ful and well distributed rams orwhen your row' wh,,,lh"r ™ lb" l'IHturn rtr skilfully urigited. but insufficient | ln ba, n' ls olcHD a,,d wholesome.
! Fur therms re* too that the variety is
supplies of plant food mn neutralise. I wid" "nd 'hf «upplyis generous.
Sandy soils are rich in mineral consti- V"rie,y "essential to the maintmmnoi.
of appetite, and appetite contioisdi-
Au iiliQtrtl incrediblo at or y comes
r-ok t>vhk FIFTY vr ap«-
.	-	MRS. W! OW m SOOTHING SYRUP hM tern
from Franco of t bo resolution and HU- esed by ,n,l(h#.ri tor their ehiMren teething. It too lies
erg, of old AK.Ua» woman who
wa. determined to.ee the Espoe, i iun. ÿfjg,#.	u ™"
nuflftuxe in a soil is an civil that no
Iuwrite and fail to give good crops in tune of drought only on account of their inability to retain moisture This can he obviated by tho applies tioxi of fermented peat or clay or the sowing of clover. All of these enable •ü to retain moisture in times of drought end the decay of vegetable Hfubstanoee in Ihn soûl ^ivte off oaibvnic acid, a powerful solvent in the soil.
9
gent loin Think of th t of a cow m siorn.icb and remember it must be comfortably distended in order to do its work properly—and feed accordingly.
Sbu was fourni, exhausted by bun gor and fatigue, on a road in the de part ment of the Marne strength had i>een restored somownat
.imply kidney disorder,. The kidnevs t,v medical Ire.unnnt and food eho j filter the blood of all that shouldn t bo	.	.	'
there. The blood passes through the kid- 11,1,1 ’,le tn ,,vvm^ H 01 * *	We offer Orn* Honored IwiIsih Reward for
As far back a a 181G English explor- neys every three minutes. If the kidneys She was born in Alsace on .January any oa-e of (u.rrh hat cannot be cured by
era beg in their work in souther»!do their work no impurity or cause of g 1797, and le therefore 103 years old. H»"y aUrH, Ciir».^^ ^ ^ Toledo, a China, for in	that	year	Amherst	,	‘Thïr'efo^ vouî	Seised	with a »,tr„ing desire	to see
made	a journey	along	the	banks of	p;^od is out of order	your kidneys have	the Exposition, she	had	left	A Isaac	perfectly honor* bi* In	ali	burine^	tr an^ict
the Pekiang, one of the northern tri- failed In their work. They are In need of , two weeks before, intending to walk	m 'liehy ftrm'/'	^	'
hut a ries of the Sikiang, sometimes, stimulation, strengthening or dovtonng. aj| way to Haris, for she ha-1 a Uksi 6l I itUAXt S\ hoierale Dru4gi^'f‘; Toielo.
,, .	.. ...	, ,,	.	One medicine will do	all three, the finest	,	..	.	.	. .	O. U aldimo. h inn an	à Makvin. Xthoktale
oalled	the River	of Canton;	but Mu-1	anJ most imitatcd blood medicine there	| horror	of railroads,	and	besides, was	„rugk|,H, Toledo. O
ourtn.y had already dune valuable |„	poor.	In"dire'ï^n % W^nd'lZiM ^
was not .however, until the early part ^	O	half the Journey and had walked more *‘\ixu\ y.^mi lÿ 1 • v h are* he'bi-^U ‘ *	^
of the second half of the century—	^ J >L4L wl O	than 150 miles. On hex shoulders she
in the '00s—that systematic explora-	—«	# —	carried	her luggage, two bundles
tion of tbit part of China was under*	if*s| Ty'Ti ATT	weighing fifty-nine pounds.	Her
taken. During that decade the Jh\AJLJi.-V	money, which she carried in a b.md-
sout bwestern and southern provinces	„¦	a	-n -r	kerchief,	was a trifling burden,	hr it
were regularly quartered out by Kng-	3 8	consisted	of one 2-franc piece.
lith explorers, conspicuous among Jtm JL JLJLk3 .	In the financial condition it is need- j Th® u Salmoral,” Fr69 BUS gi^ôïîp!
whom were Oxenham, Dickson, Darn- N.nM..»iafcavWnw ........... ¦ i i ¦	li> add that the courageous old AVCM|,tf unoitic ' UcOi i i o ®j j Cfft a7#om
r —L	DO PLANTS BEASONT	SStlS.'MSS	" '  ..........*
i,,rüen°i ,	< er’ m	“	“ In order to fLn.l the true answer to her journey. She subsisted entirely
journey into	...	,	. .	,	on bread and choe.se, slept in barns
YUNNAN FROM SIAM.	.hiy qu,'stl<,n a daughter of a prom-, wheQ Hhf, 0(>lJ|d ,jr jn default of shel-
ineat .Mexican planter tried the ful- j ter passed the night under the trees
s
!
inoculations for t bj plague are made When her in Bombay at the va t e of about bJ/OO
a week.
m **»
S
mro
HOW’S This ?
try
Gloom and Despair
GIVE WAY TO VIGOR, HEALTH AND
HAPPINESS.
Pt ai run ta in* as rnu oh nitrogen as tu ru yard manure, hut. at it is dug oim. the nitrogen im locked up by acids in inso-lu-ble combina lions and applied to tho land in this oondltiou brings in sorrel, coarse and unnutri-uvuh grass s. Compoai ing it with an alkali to neutralize its acidity causes pent to beat, then ferment, renders it soluble and fit for food for j planta at a cost of ‘2 o<*nts a pound for nil rogeti.
1ft the land is in a condition to liear
In Itlnfk of la Grippe Left I he *u(T.?rrr Weak, \erva>ia« anti fcafeebled—A llrilm «I !»miiiitila nml Menrl 'ironMe.
Naturally every sick person to
whom help is promised, will ask,
"has the remedy been successful?
Whum ha* it helped f * We cannot
better answer these questions than by
publishing testimonials received from
grateful people who aie anxious that
2	™,i, Mr, Dougl.i, Kill,. ,1 |..,„ su.
™r............................................................
i:	Er ™	SHIS
More# ttrin in a p ant lor future use. (uding away; I WJUJ not able tQ wofk 1 valley of the Yang-tse-Kiang. Haber, toward the cord, and left the nail 1 The clover should be out for fodder llboul buusv and ^ ^	, j Gill, McCarthy, Moss and others pene- which it hid five times persisted In From days of agony and discomfort,
«ball ouu I d acu roe 1 y lill u^cup of t^'a !r"ted *nt° 8om('	most eidun- following.	11°£ VoTU^on^sure-^"1
I w.a treated b, a ,ood doc.or. but ! 'v« provmoea. and made «Unable com-	*	' earv-PolmmS Vainlean
grow again and go o seed. whirl, save wjl„ lw ^netii. A ro».«l in dvsp ! mere,al end mil,ta,y obserya‘,on8- „ ONL HE TAKEh AFTER.	tractor. Tender, painful corns ur. EV6rV TCWfl Can HaVO B Band
for future use and there is left in I : resorted ln	n,lltpillf	, While the British were- thus working	Do you think John	takes after his	lemnved by its in a f * ,v days,	*
P lWt	WedM,,nM’	*nd ' in the southern half of the country	father! asked the old	friend.	without the slightest discomfit.
the Russian Przjvalsky made his	No, replied John's	younger sister	.7*ny aubstitut^ in th« market mtke	Music	oç Musical Instruments.
first journey into the northern 1 hi- promptly. He takes after a blonde girl shouldT^asked for and'^taksn/' Su o, ^ha!6y R^yCC a* CO., lur ''wi'biÜ^s/mU
Elias, who was bp-| who lives across the street
lieved to be traveling on bt*h ilf of; i t hr British Government, made a journey through Mongolia and Shansi in • 1872. The northern provinces were also traversed by Pevlsof, Sezecb,
1 Fritsche, a German, and others dur-j ing 1 he same period. In I bo '80s the ! activity bream * e-1ill greater. Prz-' jvakxky, Potanin and other Bus! sLins continued their examinations
)

JAPAN TELEPHONES.
There are 5.045 subscribers to the telephone in lokyo. Japan.
t!h:t
i
MONTREAL NOTH OiRICTORV
*y
w. p. c. km.?.
CALVERT’S
F. C. CALVERT A CO.,
ENGLAND
MANCHESTER

SITE WAS SAVED
Brass Band
>
v
juha firet jreur, the second year cut it onoe for fodder, ihen allow it to
*
corn C< » i n E x-
Imtru/ncnti. Drum?. Uniterm*, Etc
the clover roots in the soil lo the d»pi4i of 12 inches, 97 pounds alkali, 292 pounds alkaline earths, 71 pounds phot-phono acid, 18) pounds nitrogen available for a crop, which when plough'd, leaves the land clean, 1 ghi retentive of moisture and eaauy lill-tfd with available constituents in the clover roots and soil enough lo produce any crop profitably and the necessity of puich iSiiig fertilizers and applying lih«tn is s ued. The fa: in made an il should be self-supporting, but it can only be done to by
-
tried several, one after another to b" disappointed by each. 1 ling-cred in thus condition until the win. Ler of 1899, when a friend prevailed upon me fo try Ur. Willi) ms Pills, and 1 began taking them. From ’ h * first th) pi Is h Iped me nmd I couid fcul my strength gradually returning. 1 cantunu d ih pills according to dir ci ions until I bad taken eight !*>xt
only
bet a n<I Kansuh
safe, harmless
MILLS, MILLS A HALES,
flurrletr'rr, etc.
Remove# to Wee ley ftmldinge, JtidiUiOüdHk W . Toronto.
LAW
Pink
I

UHL#	LAS
//> /. .
I
Il El
ill

î :
11 T of I ho
I
•131
3
v hen 1 was

POULTRY, BUTTER, ECC8, APPLES,
tod other FKOD17CE. to ensure beet résulté eou3*fn te
The Oaweoq Commission Co., linpted,
Cor. Woet-Market A Oolborne St., Toronto,
again enjoying perfect htail h. My strength had entirely returned a I appotite was splendid, the ht-art ,.
ludicious rotation of crop. It ibis istrouble atut nervousness had ceasd i m 1 hp norUbweslern provln.es 0M reeorled l0' knii'iera, which arelwhik ,h(1 bl„alllg ^ g|fl|.p oncR Jej the province» ot Chi Li, in which Pek-
Difd, had again returned
y/T/
my
nd
Jlascl un/iX y
Catholic Prayer
Books, Rosaries, Cru-
elfliee, Sospultrs,
K i iLue Pictures, HtsViery soi Church OrusaeoU R uoëÜOBAi Won*. Ma»1 or fieri re etre pro.nyt aum,
tioo	o. â J. SAULIEB A OU , Montreal
An
j)uoil more coat ly muai be .ipplîed
rhrt Brit ish were equ-
B urne,
in is situated
l bail g:nn-
i
ally active in the south Ford, Parker and others were going through the provinces of the Yang-tse-Kiang collecting data of a poll-
<’d over thirty pounds in weigh! was atW io do all
nd
SHOEING HOUSES.
Muoh is being written on ih - subject of shoeing horses, and many p o pie who Sdt-m oh v - ide w that claim io be original haw gone into print in vui it)us wmmgs, intended, of course, we will say, to give gratuitous information* #s-lo ihe outcome of ih ir lon«g, experience, \\i h a view lo h.' | many belief icurl results lhal may be obtained by line; animal and ins o.. lier also, the latter more particularly in a pecuniary sense.
In ihe ( pLUion o. tin* writer no m n Dan coirtciiy true? and balança the fooi of the horse unless h«; thoroughly understands the anatomy ol ihe, foot and leg and is well acquainted will hi the articulation, also ihs action off the tendons and muscles so i hat
can feel wtihrn hu own brain ' discovered in

my ho.rs ,-wo; 1# In fact 1 had received a
1 ülsaning I


with ease
TORONTO'S ALL-CANADA EXHIBITION.

fusw lease of life
i believe my vu e i than a year
Kor tb# ftry Lent send your w »rb fn i !,#
“BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO.”
I.wk /or aeeui in your town, or seud direct.
Montreal,Toronto, Oitawa. Quebec
1 tic 11 and military nature. while Mr ! Archil) i l-l LU ! le
is permanent, a* moi ha 4 sinoe prisa d and 1 feel and well that Î ventui

win» ii i* dune su
Su M f O 11 g
to : ay there
much tu develop the navigation of the Upper Yung-tbi-Kiajig, was miking ohservit ions of great commercial v . lu

mm
m
is not a h* n 11 hi/ r w oin j n iri i h ton; m ! cl I am

i
s H'*C-
en joy ing better hi’u-fth Ili t;i l haw for iwvuly years, i and thin has b-vn brought about bj ih-f utse of Dr. Wi lût jus’ Vink Villa. 1
IÆ
fâ a ¦
m
i*

Mr. Archibald Colquhuun
r


-
/-
made, during the same period thorough and exhaustive survey of the
of Yunnan from Burmab

v>.
in
a
«4

v< /Tm*

as


8

;:Vz
. province i n
with a view tu the construction of a railway, and continual hi work from Yunnan down the Yukiang and
81
f'.'el that I cannot
ay enough their Praise for l believe they saved my life. My >on h.is also rioem-d the greatest benefit from the use of those pills in a cas* of spring fever.'-
JÈ

VÀ

m
A
»
A
I

>
m

%
;




H
*/
A
Siki.ing to Canton In the early pirt and middle of the present decade 1 he
.EXPLORING ACTIVE t Y
In the north of
<
.
%

1
ê

A LOST CITY
X


An entire town h is recently been was intensified
the dominions of the China and Mongolia Kuasiun an i Ger-j just how their	work should bel	done,	Csar, of ihe existence of which no	mao military and scientific men made
and if üt is not	being	correctly	done ’ one seems to bava had any idea. Deep	minute and exhaustive studies of the	" Education a I	and Entertaining.	Ac-	ihe	prize	U«r.	with us	131	r\.ss^s
feel how , by correct furriery, t he feet ! In the	forests of the Ural lies a flour-	topography and mineral resources of	gnesseve and Progressive," are he	""T: lu 'l *t asking
»au tie so proportioned and shod thit ishing	city, the inhabitants of which ,	the country. Bockh, Hnboiow-ki,	very appropriate watchwords adopt-	*0{n|‘hoj^ division*, it is interest inz to
their angle lo the limbs tiny sup- apeak a curious language of thoir Obrutchey, Potanin and Hr tarn tra-j ed by the To: onto (ndyistrâi I Ex hi hi- n<jle that there are no fewer than .15
correct locomotion own, and seem to form a sort of ideal versed Kunsuh, Shensi, Shansi, Chihlif ’j011 1 hls,<:!Mr;wleVb,Wl‘!	1 rV/° »” f,!158 U8, khltiiug. rdim.s quilts,
¦1	commonwealth, in which taxes and	and Shantung in every directum, the,	u	tb, twenty*-» tconi successive year	an average	t* Hi or 17 in each	of the
•implest matter	in the	world to	shoe	taxgai herers, among other trouble-	last named also making extensive	of	Canada’s gr	a Exposit on at	To-	two	dozen rimeM	devoted	to	horses
H",u“ ' biugs, unheard of.	tion* in the pi	ron’o. and each	s	m
wu,. Kl.ng.l and Kw.n»tu,i«. Th. "-.-KSS"	SU.AÆ&'SST.iî
LI	IHEHI H^EH	IE	.English explorations oi ilk PPpr	have gone, but' the quality of ino port unities offered to secure a prize,
the cause of their many failures, is Whvre	Nervi line—nerve-pain cure—is	Yunglse provinces also went on act-	stock is very fair ahead of w ha ii	[t is a little e irly to* refer to w'liat is
used.	Composed of the most power-	,	, lIM] tbe prenoh paid consider-	was at thr* beginning, th us proving	promised in the way of entertainment,
¦*»	ajcrsanuTS: sss - *—• •- t r-Mrass s	‘u °s
anij 'hey use so m my queer!y von- relief	in rheumatism, neuralgia,	ohuen in view of their intended rail-	lflan 0fds;0iy to say that theexhfhi-	this department, visitors have
structed shore and o her command s crumps, pain in the back and side, and	way to Yunnan-fu, the capital of the	tuxn immediately approaching will	ample guarantee that they will
th'1 bast of piinful affections, Inter-	TlW'y also had explora- be superior to ail its predecessors, be abundantly provided for, and the
nul or external, arising from inflam- l.	*	, ..	but ft can safely be sa d that arrange- admission to the Toronto Exhibition „ ....	,
matory action. Unequal for all nerve ' tl(>nfl	of the parts of he prov- mi#nta bave bcen mP(je, and negotia- with its myriads uf attractions is only Brilliant and Keui stic Hat'le Spectac
would make so easy of accomplish- pa inn.	inces of Kwangsi and Kwangtung* (ions are pending, that warrant ih° £5c Entries close on August 4th anil the siege of mafeking i
ment what they are after and fur-,	____	which lie south of the Slkiang and statement that the Toronto Fair of prize lists ran he hid uy addressing
niwb them the most gratifying re-	WHAT HE EXPECTED	its main western tributary that rises 1900 ^	momtuin f h-1 n pu a H. T [Ml, Manager industrial Exhi*
vvuiu nr, L,Arj2,vibiU.	,	“	...	,	,	.	tion It has gained of b»mg the best tion, Toronto, AS Inst year, so this,
,u B* , .	.	.	Be-Would you mind a little temper- Yunnan. h . t>.i.	-	»v® ajf that are,annually hMl. A good the exhibition will be Inaugurated on
The foot of 1 h hors* is nothing hut _ inconvenience dear a few vears of ^)cen	n,n l,lc province of	of the spies has already been Tuesday evening. August 2Hth,
a horny box, containing but two bon a, '	,	.	‘	*	,	1 Fokhieo çonnsàte Formosa, to which taken up, and a number of entries a hrilliaut Military Tattoo, fled
zrz r^7	-iassnu..................ss&rJKivi: z'&c«.»

b«
1 €tvm *Hst ntt*.

The Ail-Canada Show !
AUG 27th to SEPT 8th.
1900
TORONTO


port mu y mik natural mid comfort a >1
lir
Exposition ami Industrial Fair


the feet of a horse correct fy trouble with ihe people who lay pie-
The
!
Coon! n s
(jrratest
Pain Cannot Stay
fence to being expert in farriery, and
i
*
that thy experiment too much
All the Latott Nove.t e*. Many direct
from t urooe.

Thv M.«rveiloits Resources of our own Country Thoi ought) Exploited.

to accomplish thiir object, w heream
i close adherence to nature's law»

AMU ALSO THE RELIEF/
tilery

ival of C
Timet
i
i
Entries close August 4th.
h EXCURSIONS ON ALL LINES OF TRAVE
For prize lists A ndrt w .Smith, F. h\C. V>'
President.

¥
entry lorm>, etc , addiees
n l excursions
I. ilj.hu,
Mn miyr \ TunmiS
5




, *
j



v



###PAGE###4###
i
.
’v*r

V
l
I
r
THE EQUITY.
for(n) new works : (b) earn ing on or coin Piet ion of woi ks already begun ? If so. what are your views (a)a> to miiu mpiireu : (b) as to what work should Im? performed.
“ 5. In ease of any work not now under — contract, but authorized hv vote of Parliament, please state whether you advise its being carried out by contract or by day labor,”
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS 4444444
. . . SHAWVILLE . .
THE MARKETS.
authorized or
SHAWV1LLE, AUG. 9, 1900.
SHAWV1LLE.
Wheat, (starthird)73c.
Outs per bushel, 86 to 27c. Pease per bushel, UO to UOe. Kggs, per dozen, It,
Butter, per pound, Ot) to 16v. Wool, per pound, 10 to l.V. Pelts, each, t5 to 75c. Calfskins, It) to 3Uc.
And Remetr|ber It I
ENTRAI ANADA
Exhibition Association
Ottawa, Ont.
EDITORIAL NOTES
O
lt i.s somewhat html on Mr. Mackenzie's memory that the man who wrote . .	, Mich a letter should claim credit as he-
imposition, ordered the opening of the longing to Mr. Mackenzie’s party, and
Canadian section of the exhibition on j svvk for support as heir to Mr. Mac-  
Sundays, otherwise they would batter l;vllzie’s repututiou. No ..yuonvht of the -
......... w ,k cw,.. c-
misaiooers submitted. Whether or not | Gnzoth
the same demand was made upon the of liciaU in charge of the Australian and l ni ted States' exhibits, it is a fact that those sections remain closed on Sunday.
How comes it then that Canada has done
See our
The French authorities at the Paris
Section Grinder.
%
Notice.
x
The Township* of Onsi.ow, 1 i'i xki m on, Tiiohxi: and Au
Sir Charles’ Plans
It will grind your knives in less time without taking any temper from the steel, than any other Grinder on the market to-day.
KISTOI
klu having been takvn out of my agency mnl
athlvd to that of Mr. \\ A. (ivmlion. of
Hull, tin1 people of the above townships London, July 81.—Sir Charles Tupper wilt in future correspond with that gen haa changed his plans, and instead of 11 Ionian on land* urtimlierlnisinv.xs. waiting till August lie sails for Canada on the Parisian on August V.
He spends August 20 in Montreal, and
LKADKlt OK Til K OITOMTIOX WILL SAIL FOR MONTREAL UN THURSDAY.
The (lutes for lhe holding of our Exhibition
this year are from
v «•'
the grovelling act
WM. VI.AKKE,
C. !.. \ i
A parly of Roumanian emigrants, en routo for the North Wear, wore detained
at Quebec a few days ago by the Domin-1 attends Conservative convention at Am-
heraton the 24th, at Halifax on the 27th, i j RIFFI-Pi-MPC and at Sydney on the 2!kh.	gij ^ *•/ n ! L ll Lli O Le
On hia return he will hold a series of I $ possession twenty-five dollars, and each I public meetings in Ontario between Sep-1 r
one under age the sum of ten dollars. I tomber 10 and 20.
Those who could not meet with this re
quirement were to bo returned to Eur- j Uncle Sam wants no Undesirable pl.ar* "f l"‘sim's> hlls bcen changed
Emigrants.	I 1 ,>m ^ kruan to Starke's Corners makes
no difference with us.
More head, Aug. I, IMS)
Entries close 13th Sept.
ion Government for the purpose of ascer timing, it is said, if each adult had in his
COLD
MEDALS
A few of our
Celebrated No. 7 powers
I he fact that the name of
In list as Special Prize* |
The Largest List of Specials offered by any Exhibition !
still on hand
ope. This is a decidedly different course from that followed in connection with the
. New York, August 3.—It was announced thousands of Galicians and Doukhobors j today that Assistant Secretary of the
who were encouraged to come and make ! Treasury Taylor is on the eve of taking
their homes in Canada, although it is not .‘f*6 j?"'1»1 ,,e>) in a général campaign by
1 the tiovernment to slop importation into
the Vnited States from Canada of undesirable immigrants. He will go to Boston early next week and from there will proceed to his destination accompanied by Commissioner General of Immigration Powderly. The frequent charges of vio lation of the immigration laws have led this Government to take steps to have the : subject investigated.	|
o-
We are still in the old stand, doing bud-ness un the same fair, square-dealing lines an.! over ready to meet the requirements of our customers.
During the present season we wish to direct special attention to our
NEW AND COMPLETE
STOCK OF
No effort w ill he spared to make till* Exhibition the best oxer held by the
SMART & SMITH.
year m j Association.
Ihe grounds and building* arc now in excellent condition and up to date in respect.
f
pretended that the Roumanians are in
y
any way inferior to the people just mentioned.
The incident savors strongly of a suspicion that the Government, fully realizing its past errors in this connection, have resorted to this clumsy expedient as a means of conciliating the labor interests of the West. The voters concerned, however, will hardly be hoodwinked by the sham.
every
P. S. Binder Twine, good quality at low prices.
O
li
Summer
will be the best that
can procure.
Modem and Realistic Spectacular
money
Goods
Manitoba Crop Report
w hich embrace a varied assortment of the newest line, in the market, and only need examination to recommend them to customers.
Winnipeg, July 31.—Hon J. A Davidson, Minister of Agriculture, speaking The signs in the political atmosphere of on the authority of the special crop rea general election taking place this fall ,port rec1eired from, *n I,arle of Manitoba
T '» t™*	*• ïw&riî*.
rdlson. I here are arrangements going acre and the total yield not over eleven
on, it is said, which are unmiatakeable aMion bushels. Of this about rive mil*
-^“evidence that the appeal to the people lion bushe!s »'l! be required for home 0l" "tovk uf Teas stand unsurpassed in
* consumption and seed, leaving six million 1	quality and price. It w ill pay vuu
. e . .	_	.	bushels for export, against thirty million 1	to give them a trial,
therefore auvise our Conservative friends last year. The wheat is practically in two !	• i k r\
to be on the lookout for possible surprises, crops, so that fully one-quarter will be SILAS V O U N G
and above all to exercise due vigilance **^cd in reaping, the (rat being too ripe STA RKF*<5 COPM coc
** - — “¦ "" [ *TA,IC‘*|
@11 Patent Express
and “

n	....	, “ Battle of Paardeburg
Buggy Wheels and Surrender of Genera! Cronie.”
TEAS! TEAS!
• • •
# # #

/
V
M
V
will not long be delayed. We would
(Tiled 01 not)	j This 1m tin* famous battle in which
At Bottom Prices.	' pr“"'"",a “J
our
iv Si't the Battle re produced on the Ex
hi hit ion Ground .,
lyjcDOUCALL and CUZNEfj S Hardware Stores,
province yesterday
British M P's in an Awkward
Position,
, was who gave the order that the Italian King should be killed, and they gay that i the clews point to Paterson, N. J., where the arch plotter once lived.
t j .	,	It is known that four persons sailed
| 'ini.»n, August «3 —In response to from this city only a few weeks Auo
public notice while he reprcientcd Pon- fr&m Bioemfontem and Pretoiia, left I child to perform b deed of blood The
ülSi HiiS!ülüf
zzrzt ' EE	“ 's»
—there is no reason to despair of the suggesting that President Kruger make project being proceeded with. It reouir- ten}Porary concessions and await a re
luent t0,build the Caiiadlan Pacific a*ii- tainiy improper whilst Her’Majesty was '01 ' iie« pays a tribute to the ! These G-oods are all manufactured bv the Ontario
way, and open up the Northwest, and it engaged in difficult negotiations. He physique or Canada's soldier*. I	T • *x i x* tv x r\ ±
will in all likelihood need a Conservative imposed to send the letters to the writcis	- ! W O 1; vIlClll^ vO., J-ilIlllL6Ci, 01 PlCtOIl, Ollt.
contingent i, increasing and that it now . ^Kt'n! f"’	Feaotog:--JameeCooper, Montreal,
numbers 700 men fir fur the field. This	torrespo,uicnee with Manufacturers invited.
—	I Twenty-Seven	have
ëliSSSS “‘“5 “ - sessh-h:
HSU SBIpssrj - - -
ir£ LS f f';	I	at rtt£T£, St -i	110 travel from towu t0 to™
Wi
“ |	p.:'% s-m
2Ci%a%za;i::r,
shovel, looking for somewhere to scatter . rol11 VÎÎ comea *he intelligence that | A couple of stalwart French Canadians I Finest and safest rifle ever made the treasury’s contents. In place of the lhe ru,e,r (.>f 1 y^ia nearly perished by the | named Messrs. Allard and Monette, of ' fur kirge or small game, economist dreading the effect of reckless | a88a98,n 8 jia,\d* J ;\e would-be murderer Saginaw, Mich., were in Ottawa last 1 Wrlte for pompiste lvoe Catalogue, expenditure, we have Mr. Mulock, (act* wa9 an *talian. lhe Shah had been Wednesday interviewing the officials of
mg for Mr. Tarte) w riting by the score ' warIie(! to be*are of him by one who the immigration department in reference such letters as this	* I wrote from Italy. Bresci, under torture,
My dear sir, -During Mr. Tarte» ah-1 ”id y<f,?rd?y Italy- “ T,h® Czar wd< sence I have been requested to take charge 1 be neI"*. The Euiperor of Germany is
of his department for him, and it would | 9a*d to have been intended for the as-
1k> of great service in enabling me to take ' saesin’s bullet, and kings and Queens
up his work if you would kindly meet me were marked for death by the councils
eeLTth“fo.lotwtogn:eub%e:^th "*"* "blch “t‘n P?to™n',in ^ Hobok«,
“ 1. For what works in your constit- a”<even here in the city of New \ork. uency has there f>een a parliamentary The orders came from Paterson. It	lL .	_
vote/	• seems to have been no idle thing which One thoutand acres of grain were I	I
“2. Have these works l*en l>cgun ? Sperandio, the murderer and suicide had atr°yed a terrific hailstorm in the 1897 he went to the United States since
•‘3 Unnt	?re 'I'*? N "Htten when he Wrote that he had been township of Torbolton on Thursday last, which time he has not been heard of till There ia talk
as to whether they should be begun ? V> ] °h°?®n to the King of Italy, but Major General O'Grady Haly lms been j he shot King Humbert. In 1895 he was being formed in Arnprior for° th«°mPftny
Ciîic-txis ! r“.	ti”1 *” —'ti,c	bziïnii	“"b"’	bib»’« “»
0
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
In the retirement of Mr. W. J, I\)U-pore from a seat in the House of Commons, the Ottawa A Georgian Bay Canal project loses a strong advocate at court ; but the work he
Reduced Rates
on all lines of travel-
| For Prize list and all information
MCMULLEN’S
POULTRY NETTINGS and LAWN FENCINGS
writ i
E. McMAHON, Seo’y.
-<t Spark* Street,
T. C. BATE,
Treasurer.
iSKK 51 ASHEY-llAHItlH Co * Sl FTIAUS
o.v PAW: 1 A and 4 B of Prize List.
Are not Surpassed in the World.
98
Wm. HUTCHISON, M- P-,
President
Tlieir
A
I

P. S
have
or 1*1 years of *ucc< testing on farm and railway
fill
MOOil O v
SPECIAL ofkkhh made this YU AU un
Dale Bros.
HOC FENCING.
Recuperate Rapidly
Practical
Tinsmiths
SHAWVILLE,
it Canada. A Ko
TO KILL MONARCHS

Two Letters
Wanted	%t
Aiv well equipped to supply all the demands of
THE SPRING ANI) SUMMER TRADE with a complete stock of all necessary article* in
ears
/
TIN and AGATEWARE.
necessary ability
appoint agents. Orders for Special Arti-No canvassing. Salary and expenses paid. PosK cles will receive promt at-
tion permanent and promotion according to merit. ! Specialty.	“
The Bradley-Carretson Co.
BRANTFORD, ONT.
HIGHEST PRICE PAID
) Limited.
for Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Cowhides.
Mention this paper
go
Orgin of the Chicago Clutch
.303 Calibre.

Savage Magazine Rifle.
the twentieth century firearm
asmssiS”*-
Tie Oily Hnsrles Smleltss 6-Sleoler.
RMQ OO., UTICA. N. Y.. V. S. AMERICA
It now turns out that the murder of
to securing settlers' privileges fur a large	¦¦¦
number of French-Canadian families who I Kin8 Humbert, of Italy, had been hatch-desired to return to Canada. They are ] ed in Patterson, N. J., where the anarc
&.C Ihil"hlv* tbeir he8duuer,en and where
A block of land near El monton has been secured and the government will grant | ^ ia 8lated that the revolver used by all the privileges given immigrants
The preai di.cus.ion i. gradually divid ing the Liberals into two
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
,	, , .	Wlng8. those
who think Mr. Tarte and Mr. Sifton and
Mr. Blair and Dr. Borden are ornament, to public life, and those who hold that th party’s platform of the
all their plots aJe said to be conceived
(To buy well, watch the latest price* and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
e
Breesi, was of American make. The
shoaldhsv been lired upTlIetrTr I %: hold the latter in contempt.	\	.^"V.t,.,.,.
assassin was born in Prato in 1809 and In
Samples Tres
/VlacLEAN PUB. CO.# Limited

j


A
___?_______m.




###PAGE###5###


1

»

*



w

t

X

»
s


V*
X
THE EQUITY, WAOT7,!M r?
..H*, ,.wrw w ww
1 hlcttgo,	’	*
"*KS
Consigned to Us... direct from Belgium :
A large stock of
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
PU11LI1II1D «VERY TMUtteiiAY
AT 8HAWVILLB, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION—$ f. 00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper «topped until nil arrearage* e paid, uulea* l»y apodal arrangement with ublUher.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
Court Shawville,
No. 278.

A. SMILEY, Prop.
m
Meet* the 4th Wed nee day of every mouth.
Court due* muet be paid promptly every mouth.
Viettlng brethren cordially invited.
:o:
Gr 3ù A. S S
ADVERTISING RATES :
Legal advertising, eight cents per lino for first Insertion and four conta per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Huaiuesa cards not exceeding ono Inch In. sorted at 11.00 per year.
Local announcement» Inserted at the rate olfivt) eonl* per line for first Insertion ami three coots for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at |„w rnlee which will he given on application.	' XeTTnZBBOEL AO-BJXTT.
Advertisements received without Instruc- r ,	w
| rnuibcr of All Kinds Bought and Sold.
marriage and ,
lvills iieTltncChargC' 0biluary P°elry three
L.B.C
Farmers
5 Consider a Moment !
When about to buy a new Binder, why select one that is full of defects, when you can get one built on modern and correct principles ?
J. a. Cowan, n s.
H. H. Baknett, F.R
j of the following stock sizes :
7A X 8À 10 X 12
J. W. Fades, v. H*
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
DOUBLE THICK.
81 Nepean St., Ottawa, Ont.,
X
12
24 X 24 24 X 24 X 20 24 X :j(j 30 X 40
10
V <
12 X 18
28
X
12
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
20
The Frost & Wood
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
X
J 2
24
JOB PBISTINO.
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and i ^	,
atUmded x ecu ted. Ordem by mall promptly | Commission Business » Specialty#
x
14
24
New
X 28
14
JOHN A. COWAN,
X
15
20
IlKFKJlKNt'IM BY PEKMIHHIOM ;
heni» Murphy, Prv-t. Ottvwa Transportation Co. F. W- A very., Hull Lumber Co,
J. T. HhtrrlfT, K. B. Eddy Co.
Lutrhford & McDougall, Barristers.
J<»hn Hfhpy & Mon*.
H N. Bute & Son,
No. 2 BINDER
i
ZS
Publisher.
18 X 24
: *4

Business Cards.

a;w
4 v. .¦
Farmers, contractors and builders will .<
placing their orders fur glass early with
save money by
MEDICAL.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOijN StylTlj, Proprietor.
s
US.
COMBINES ALL THE LATEST AND BEST IMPROVEMENTS TO BE FOUND ON ANY HARVESTING MACHINE MADE. SEE IT.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B.^.,M.D.,C.M
The largest assortment of Curtain Poles and
Trimmings in town.
BAR IRON, CHAIN, ROPE,
OILS, PAINTS, WHITE LEAD.
Graduate ok McGill University,*
Office -Residence of the late Dr, II. II Knox. Slmxvvillc.
The spot spot for—
Headquarters for
Stylish Rigs, Wagons, Harness, Harvesting Tools and all Farm Machinery.
A. SMILEY -"SHAWVILLE.
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M,
F. T. M. C.	¦	„	„
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto; Graduate " * our Turn next, of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by I Y" examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. | ^
OmcF and Rbsidikc* ; J. II Armstrono's House,
MAIN STREET - • HHAWVILLE.
We are offering a very large and well-assorted stock of
Scythes, Scythe-Stones, Scythe-Snaths, Hay
Rakes, Grain Cradles, and Harvesting Tools
of every description.
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
SASH and HOOK
f
LEGAL.
t
BOURBEAO RAINVILLE, L. L, L,
I
CHINA DEPARTMENT.
Crockery aqd Farjcy China from far-off Old England.
Printed Bedroom, Dinner and Tea Sets
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON will visit Shawville every Monday. I lUtCnOT & EltCfjOr
FINISH FOR
House: & Verandahs
manufactured.
' M
—ALL KINDS OF—
'?1

)
*	y
—-4 *
A»
V
I
M
THE IMPROVED
Alpha de Laval
WM. GAMBLE,
A nice and well selected stock of Parlor Lamps, Water Sets Table Sets,
and fancy Opal China, suitable for wedding presents.
Call and inspect, whether you buy or not.
%
I
BARRISTER, So.,
Room 26, Trust Building, No. 4S Sparks
St., Ottawa, Out.
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
'of each month.
amre-ovor O. F. Ilodglns* Store, Malu St.
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac, *v,
Kept In stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULABPRICES.
i
0

P. S.—Are you going to the
sea shore or Norway Bay ?
Wo have Trunks and Valises in abundance.
C
BABY No. 1
CEO. C. WRIGHT,)McCREDIE&HODGINS.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C
:
t
V

wil! save you $10 per cow
per year.
The prices arc net at list to one and all alike—no
discount.
\ •

Estimates furnished.
c^o 3E1.HODG-ISTS
X*:
1
. I $
OF THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
Molsons* Bank Chamber*—

14 Metcalfe St., Ottawa.
Monster
Phone No. 1178.
ï*aw business In Ottawa and Pontiac Dis trlets attended to.



Teachers Wanted.
SFW v '
Pic-Nic
At EGAftVILLE, Ont.,
Saturday, Aug 4, 1900
Wm. Ofcteraon, butcher, has what lie says is the biggest pig in Canada, or at least that he ever seen. It is fully eight feet long and weighs over eight hundred pounds. If he does not noon kill it, and it grows in proportion to its age, he will • | likely build a house in which to exhibit it. We I ave no doubt it will create a sensation at the fall fairs.—Amprior Watchman.
¦p

I
W. W. IRELAND,


Write for particulars to
Wanted two Protestant teachers with
AGENT FOR PONTIAC,
MOREHEAD, - - QUE.
4gx
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgages, etc., executed legally and nails-factor! ly.


H. H. SEAMAN,
Otter Luke, Que
SHAWVILLE - -
ÇUE.

Greater and njore Wonderful than ever ! Coins and be Convinced.
¦I
CEO. HYNES
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
NOTARY PURLI'\ NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND SAVINGS CO.,OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON. -
XVill be in Shawville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
In the coming fight in Carle ton county for the Dominion legislature Mrs. McLeod Stewart, according to the J. ur-nai, will appear on the platform to speak in her husband's favor. Of course this is quite a common thing in Great Britain and Ireland and we i e road of it in the Return Tickets good on all Trains I campaigns of the United States, but in
for throe days.
From OTTAWA

P
—o
j r
o
^ m
4 ft
lb1
(
V> V
\
1
.Special C. P. It. train leaves Ottawa at 7.I."), a. m.; Sand Point, 9.4.1, a. in.; Renfrew, 10.06, a. m. Regular morning train leaves Haley's at 8.39, a.m.

FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
QUE.

FARM FOR SALE, T H B
Canadian politics it will be quite a re- j volntion.
R. MITCHELL,
•1.25
Rear Part of Lot 0 on the 7th Range of the township of Bristol, containing about UU acres of land, HI of which are cleared and in a state of cult ivation. House, ham, stable and other buildings erected thereon. For further partivulars apnl v to
JAMES I I:
PORTAGE DU FORT
• •
• •
BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
for the District of Pontiac. Office. Main St Hnawvllle.
Accounts collected and prompt returns made.
SAND POINT .. RENFREW HALEY'S
* t
7.1
The Sudbury Journal says that Alex.
McIntyre is able to be out again for the tirât since the terrible accident on the 2rd
Return Special C. P. R. train leaves Egan-1 ol Mnrch- in which he loat <he sight of ville at 7 p. m.	| both his eyes and one arm by an explosion
f	the	Wahn-|IN UNDERTAKING
apitae and Metagamishing for which he Secretary. wng one 0f t^e contractors. For several
—... ¦ weeks it waa hardly expected he would
District and Country.
has pulled him through.
The Pontiac Pacific Railway company
has made further progress in the matter
of securing right of way between Aylmer
....	.	. and Hull. Papers were presented in Hull
reduction in the population, from ^13,4;>lC0Uli jast Friday morning ratifying an
to 11,87,, and in assessment of	£6*5,636,	. agreement between Mrs. Beasey and the
as a result of the tire.	railway company whereby the former
Mortimer and McCarthy, the	Danville	sal!a to the company a strip of land 06
Pontiac. Hales conducted lu a business-like | Bank robbers, were sentenced at Sher- ^eet w:^e*u the tow nship of Hull, adjoin-
brook? to ten yea,,; impri.onment in the	electric road. The land .0 j
or private sale	on	reasonable	terms.	Pub-	St. Vincent de Paul penitentiary.	disposed of is part of the McKay, \\ right
lie	sales	conducted	at	Shawville	once	a	and Conroy farms. It is expected the
hami for tale®	ShiwvUle^QuT	The British Government ha, protested work of extending the line along the new
against the release of Sipido, who a short | property will be proceeded with at once, time ago attempted the life of the Prince of Wales at Brussels. It considers the
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
4 4
50
•I
• e
Roller Mill
70
• #
XCH, Weirs lead P. O.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
—0—
Rev. P. S. Dowdall,
Director.
1> AI LI FF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT 1> Shawville , Que., respectfully solicits en<agomentsfor any buslnes* 1 n connection with all Courts! n the County, Collections madeandp-ompt ret urn «assured
T. A. Krrr,
I also keep à complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day ami night.
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
WANTED !
GENERAL.
The dreaded bubonic plague has broken out in London, and two deaths from the disease wore reported on Friday.
The Hull assessment returns show a
FRESH and CURED
JAS.IIOPE& Vo.
~\f ANUPACTURIXG STATIONERS, BOOKS EL If A lere, Bookbinders Printer*, etc. Depository f the Ottawa Auxiliary BlVIeSoeiety,Ottawa,Out.
An Active Canvasser
In Pontiac County, to work
amongst fanners, to represent the LARGEST NURSERY IN CANADA,
STONE & WELLINGTON, of TORONTO
Permanent position to good, steady man; pay weekly, free outfit and good terms. Splendid local references will l>e supplied as to our stock and reliability, to assist in canvassing.
First Quality Flour.
MEATS
J. J. TURNER,
idr Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
of all kinds at
¦ :
THE SHAW VILE
IV|eat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
JOSEPH BROWN,
Proprietor.
Mr. A. G. Jones, who has been
Etr—|
0	8	his opposition to Confederation. In fact,
Gerald Sifton and Walter Herbert were be •Mowed his antipathy to Canada to so arrested at Lucan, Ont., on a charge of ^ar 8®! the better of his judgment that he murdering J. Sifton, father of the first expressed a hope to see the British flag 1 mentioned prisoner. Herbert is reported hauled down on the Halifax citadel, and to have made a confession, implicating drew from General Hastings Doyle a re I himself and Sifton.	| buke that echoed throughout the country.
He seems to have been a better man how-Last week’s Eganville Enterprise says : | ever, than his foolish words indicated,
The severe electric storms, accompanied I and is held in considerable esteem in by heavy rains, wrought considerable | Halifax in whose commerce he has long damage in this neighborhood. In seme | been a leader.
defeat on the Ashanti forces, near Dorn- would punish it for its cynicism, which posai, but, with two of his officers, was '» peculiarly flagrant in a party which wounded, and it is intimated that more I claimed transcendant virtues, and which men will be needed to end the campaign. I beguiled the electorate with false promises | Leave Sand Point 8ILVKRWAHEI There has been in this little war a more I the non-fulfilment of which does not even Ac. kc. than ordinary severe call upon the caps- caUBe to blush with shame. Errors cf
city of the men conducting it, for which i judgment do not touch the integrity ; they are likely to receive but small pop- hypocrisy should receive its just deserts | Meeting all Trains, ular credit. The public mind has two at the hands of an indignant and deceived
SHAW VILLE, Q. | bigger conflicts engaging its attention. I pe°ple.’'
ap-
HOTELS.
FOR SALE:
Apply to
A quantity of—
St. Lawrence Hall,

C. K. GRIGG
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
in.
1
RENFREW, Ont.
Mrs C, M* McLean,
Proprietress.

Proprietor.

Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
Bristol Wharf


THIS IS THE SEASON
PATENTS
FOR

É
Ice Cream Fresh Fruit, Choice Candies, Confectionery, &c
FERRY
IPRDMPTLY SECURED]
I
i
3
o
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
Writefor our interesting books *' Inventor’s Help” and ** Mow you are swindled." Send us s rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you, free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Rejected applications have often! been successfully prosecuted by us. We, conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal and Washington ; tnisqualifies us to prompt-’ ly dispatch work and quickly secure PatenU as broad as the invention. Highest references furnished.
Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special notice without charge in over ioo newspapers distributed throughout the Dominion.
Specialty Patent business of Manufacturers and Engineers.
MARION & MARION
Patent Experts and Solicitera.
end
km

JEWELLER

KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK OF
watches,
CLOCKS.
JEWELLERY.

Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8.00 a.m., and 4.00, p.m.
¦J



All to be had at the popular Fruit and Grocery Store—

Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m.,


REPAIR!**-
à Speciality:

D. WILSON’S

CEORCE BALLANTINE,
Ferryman.
main street, shawville,











.
1






e S §



4













*









###PAGE###6###
r r
* ¦ ^ #' #




#
L.

v'

<

lion aa r ÿuor relation—Anything Is rfutxl enough 1 But women's carelessness of detail in regard to hand covering la noticed and commented upon to au extent wj^ich, if the fair wear-era only realized it, would create n revolution in glove wearing.
There ure many “do nota" which are ipplicable to glove wearing:—
L>o not buy cheap gloves. If your income is limited you might letter don neatly mended, correctly cut, good quality gloves than a new pair of poor shape and quality.
Do not wear evening or dress gloves

HOW PEKIN IS FED.
I gets Into the habit of growing this
HE IS A BOXER IN TRUTH
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
i
I way. Molt kinds of pears tend to spire
I Upwut .l mil make numb wood With |t'—JItlm Air cling ihe reeslble iiar
tu lien «r the l. mu I mi inmate*.
HOUSEHOLD. i
little fruit, until they attain advanced age. The Socket pear tree if given room iu:ikm a sound, ooinpnot head
SOMETHING ABOUT THE MANCHU
PRINCE TUAN.
At ordinary times th*> oily ta greatly dependent upon (rosea meats brought is from Mongolia on th°
b cks oi cam»'la. The Mongol Market | r»«it ef Alhirilr Sport* anil rim riglilt,
n<dJoining the British Iggstloni is i h *
mideevou* for innum Table "a mgs ’
, | of o.iand the half-savage drivers and on thin unsheltered plot may^ be seen exposed for sale the carcasses of beep, si rungvly contorted, w hich have in rn skinned while w • tin and left out
hastening fruit hearing
MNING-TAJILK FLOWERS.
Beautiful and decorative as out-flowers and pot-plants always are. when properly grown and used they are never mure effective than on the dining-table. In truth, they give it an air of beauty and refinement that can be obtained in no other way ; and yet for some inexplicable reason the majority of housewives, even of those who are must enthusiastic and persistent in beautifying their homes, have little or no appreciation of this fact.
There would be much less discour-1 witJl nmre horizontal branches than
It is one of the
agemont to fruit growers and n great hoso which point up. increase in the amount and profitable- ^*n<*8 pears that do not need to bo ness of fruit grown if some way were grafted 0,1 Hie quince to promote eai devised to bring trees after they have | ^ coming into bearing. \ et if tin been set to bearing more quickly than
ihey usually do. It is usually the I	enough in shortening in ox
fault of the tree planter. He overdoes ^'uding down its uptight shoots he | ^ his work in trying to give the tree a 0iln xnakn its form the same ns the
The result is that roots I deckel naturally grows into.
In the small bush fruits, like the
tUr « lilii#t»e Imii-pi'r Cuvr HI* Nu me I • llie SiM*lrly-rrr*«nal Pcifrlptlon of I lie Leader»
Though the centre of power in North China, the Mancha Prince Tuan who now has the eyes of the world upon him, Is comparatively little known, a letter from l>.\ Chen Moy,
grower of any kind of pear were per-
I
to hard mi in t h tr«n fruwt. of a
Mongoliau night prior to transporta-1	1 ungwen l o b go and now is
Vancouver, U.C., gives tbii personal
description of the lender of the Box-
•xcept in the evening or on dressy iccasioas
good start
It weeins to have become
and wiHxi growth are unnaturally atimulated, and the formation of fruit I raspberry and blackberry, pinching
What is needed I Uiek to induce great fruitfulness is
Pa 11
Uum to (he Chinese c ipital ridges and ok her gniuo are H.milnrly prep i re«l for t rains lit to Peking and
i custom to wear a fresh pair of delicate gloves on some important occasion
buds is delayed
suitable alternation of stimulants,I invariable rule. Left wholly to ^ purchasable In the frozen state
and chec k* to growth, so that after	themselves, such bushes would gi o\\	,|J)lCiU^|h,ut , ^.	j0I1g js0Mh	t'biua I ioe *n Public affairs, though he is over
the tree has uttaiuod the size and vi-	UP 10 single shoots and betid over un-	w|ntpr |in<| WC(jj	mto Hprillgs	jn |h*1	far*y years of age. lie is the fifth
gor required for bearing the making * b e y touched the ground, h piinli- | season live a'nimals are driven s,>n °f the great Kmneror Tao Kuang. . | of new wood will be stopped, and the	tX(1 when (wo and a half to four	.nt0 p kl?1g wn(j	elaughtered	accord-	Be has resided in Pekin for but eight
energies of the tree directed mainly to	ftiet high, the growth of »ule blanches	^ to ,j,ln ,n(j	^ut ;. |)Unt	(>f the	years, having previous to that spent
gmmsm	is insured. On theee lather than on
the main stem moat of the fruit
ers
When they become slightly soiled or hive been cleaned they
This Prince Tuan Is still u nov-
More than this, housewives who
fully sppreoiaite the value of cut flow-| lre Uwd ,0r ,M* important tlmea,
and a thoroughly soiled glove appears to be "good enough to run out in or
srs, and keep their table constantly supplied with them during the summer and autumn, have no conception of the decorative possibilities of well-grown and clean foliags ; and so they oomplaoently give up the use of such table ornaments in winter because blossoms are difficult to grow at homo and expensive to purchase. Do not attempt to have blossoms in winter, at least not regularly. Depend on foliage, and educate yourself and ovary one around you to a sense of its exquisite beauty ami grace.
Bo-called " foliage plants," are by no means essential to beautiful effects. There are any number of common hardy plants that are charming when well grown and planted. Many inexpensive jardinieres and ferniers are as artistic as high-priced ones, and there is scarcely a house that does not afford some old-fashioned china dish that, as It is, or by enameling, will make a charming centerpiece for plants. But whether you utilize old soup tureen, or buy an expensive Jardinere or fernery, remember that natural designs of flowers, and foliage are not one-tenth part as artistic as conventionalized ones or figure ornament on any sort of a receptacle fur flowers or plants With a simple shaped jardiniere or fernery it is easy to keep a variety of plants growing in unglazed pots or basins, and change them daily, or at moat often enough to avoid monotonous effects, as well as injury to the plants from lack of strong light, and fresh air on the table. Plante, bulbs, and seeds, all furnish something that I» pretty and adapted to the purpose.
For a regular stand-by, no plants are in every way equal to ferns, and several of the small native varieties grow finely indoors, if planted in woods soil, and kept in a cool room when not needed on the table. G ire n -house ferns are inexpensive and pretty, and will endure the heat of ordinary dining-room if only kept there a few days at a time. Two there varieties in tine dish are more affective than one.
Medium-sized palms, especially Kt-n-tia fersteriana, are unequaled for table decoration, and few plants are more successfully grow n indoors. San-seviera zealanioa is a decorative plant that deserves to be better known, because it is not only beautiful, but easily grown and hardy sized plant makes an effective centerpiece for dinner. A thrifty cyclamen in blossom makes a charming evening decoration, wiih German
to wear shopping." oughly bod taste, if not bad form. For traveling, walking and shopping
This is 1 h«>r
derived much time in the mountains of the
the form it ion of fruit buds When the young tree is set out it has not en-
. i I sup pjr is at all t un s
IR from places ml a distance, even from I we8t un‘l north, where there are al-bvyond the Great Wall, there being ways robbers and rebels to fight. Tho hut little produced within the con- officials of tho Yamen being out of fines of the vast city itsalf save root ready reach of Pekin, impose terrible crops, and those on a small scale, do-| taxes and the people rebel. Much of
that occupy i his Lime Prince Tuan has spent in depart of the space known as tho Wairj ®troy in g robber bands.
The Prince was born the largest
wear a medium heavy glove matching	-	,.
the costume or a atout Kngllah glove ,m8b aiz« to bear more than two or grown. Ihua in all kin,la at fruit
of some natural shade. This will three apeoimens. and so it is thought treea and ahrube an excessive growth
prove more economical than always ül>t to be worth while to keep the tree of leaves and wood means a decrease
purchasing dress gloves, which when «“ lbo bearing habit. So tho surface 10 lbu amount of fruit produced, an.
once soiled are hacked out quickly and «oil »¦ cultivated and possibly manur- postponement of bearing tor a
soon look slovenly.	in t1,rtiixr to stimulate growth. Usu- number of years beyond what it
Do not try (o make the luml look *My the tree blossoms, but this excess should be.
¦mall by wearing a tight glove
selecting a glove be sure the fingers lllat blneaum drops off without are long enough and that tho button «etting any fruit. It is usually not of clasp fastens at the juncture of until the trees grow too large to l>e wrist and hand and not on tho palm, cultivated and are sown with grain It Is beat to purchase from differ- and seeded down that the growth is ont dealers until gloves perfectly sufficiently checked to induce the for-suiting tho hand of tho wearer are motion of fruit buds. Thon too many discovered, and then give that deal-	uml the whole energy uf the tree
er all your trade. Promiscuous glove devoted to maturing its crop, giv-buying is as bad as promiscuous shoe mg no opportunity for starting buds
for anothor year.
rived from tho field,*
I •
chung. t.e.,
and strongest of the children of Ku-and separated by a cross wall from i ang. and because of his love of spoats the Nui-chuig or l\irtar City
llcw important us the daily supply I imperial city uud take an interest in «by oamN caravan, of the necessaries I the conduct of the government. When of lift- in the Pekingese m»y be gaug- in Pekin he was always interested in ed from tho fact that over ton thou- wrestling and fist fights, being fre-
in plant food produces so much sap
THE CHINtiSB PORTION
FALSE TEETH.
and outdoor life would not stay in his
Wlml Heroine* of lilt* tlyrhul* of Tlirrn
Haiti* Every tear.
What becomes of the hundreds of thousands of artificial teeth made und sold annually ? Before attempting to answer the question it may he as well to consider how these artificial teeth are made. When plates were discovered and the export dentist was able to supply a whole mouthful of new teeth the teeth were ...then curved out of ivory. Hut constant grinding would wear away the ivory, and these elephant teeth were not satisfactory.
To-day all artificial teeth are made of porcelain, and will outlast a Methuselah
contains var.ous mineral proportions, is worked up like a sort of dough or
sand “ships of the disert,* on an quently a spectator of the races at average, enter and leave the gates -of ! the International Club in the west end the cipitai every twenty-four hours, of the city. lie rarely mingled social-Hide out at whatever time one may | ly with the foreigners, surrounding
i had long himself with a small coterie of friends
choose, it
"strings" of this* useful bousis of : who hud similar tastes. Many of burden, the leading quadruped hear- these were athletes and acrobatic rid-Mf between its humps a Manchurian era of Uie little mountain horses, driver and at its throat • boil, and though several of them, notably the followed by a score or so of ils fel-| late Governor of 6han-SL were lows, tho head of each animat' lop d
to the tail of tlio preceding one, will I “ There was always u coolness babe met with beyo.id the waffs, either tween Prince Ching and Prince Tuan. The porcelain material, which !	inward to market or bound out- which increased after the latter begun
buying.
On the other hand, do not wear flows too large. The baggy backs, ! which the tree shall begin bearing v rink led fingers, and slouchy wrists within two or at most three years af-1o not give that refinement of appear-1 ter it is set, shall bear very little at
first, but gradually increase the set
IS Oft UltUl
What is needed is a system under
an
inee which all women covet, i Do not wear si glove with a button ! off or a rip in some seam, thinking it will not be noticed. Such u defect is glaring to strangers and friends. Almost any store will have any gloves which hive been bought from them properly mended for a trifling sum, und the glows look much better than when mended at h >me.
Do not put a new glove on carelessly. The first, wearing moulds tho glove to the hand and decides its future appearance. Be careful to get the fingers straight and work them g.-ntly on, little by little, each in turn
in the p i lia and by pressing outward, adjust the hand part. The thumb follows, and when the seam cm the outside of the hind is even and smooth tho glove may be buttoned or clasped.
Do not wear kid gloves without sprinkling powder in thorn if your hands are inclined to perspire.
Do not take a glove off carelessly if you desire it to last well. In taking gloves off turn the wrist over the fingers and draw until t he fingers are half uncovered, then tho finger ends may be loosened by the tips. This makes It un easy matter to readjust the glove right side out. It is a good plan to breathe in a glove after taking it off. It preserves the softness of the kid by quickly drying any slight moisture.
MEN OF HANK
until au annual crop cam be looked for with reasonable certainty manures only should be used to secure this result, and these should Is*

Minorai
Th3 last of the eight years ago to live moat of the
ward to tho bills
combined with judicious and severe pruning of tho top during the growing season, and also of the roots when the tree shows a tendency to make too much wood and leaf growth. Usually ibis manuring and cultivation is fcontinuod so long that it can only bo
string likewise boars a bell, and its timo in Pekin and mingle in public af-plaster, farced Into molds and fused| y^kls assarts that leading driver thitj lairs by intense best la a furuaoo. Bach tooth is covered with enamel, and has
lie had married at even an
no no of his charges have broken foose. j earlier age than customary in China, I i the p glit of ih? Chinese capital but found domesticity not to his lik* to-day it us almost out am that tho ing. preferring the mountains.
" His son, who is tho heir apparent to the throne is not entitled to the throne by the conditions of his birth, and the laws of tho dynasty. The son i tastes are much like his father’s. Both are of muscular build and darker than the average Manchu. Both are which was situo/tnd a little to the daring riders, und both know the art norihwent ol Peking, at the base of of using their fists, which won for
the society which Tuan now heads the name of Boxers.
one or more metal pins in the back to hold it to the plate.
ordinary traffic cannot be earned on lu large lots these teeth can l>tt I The roods to ihe northward, us well
chocked by such severe root pruning as to seriously threaten the life of the	verT uheapiy, but there is one | aa those entering from th» e mt sad
item of expense that cannot be over-
south, are in the possession of the come, and that is tho cost of the metal j Boxers, as wltneea the destruction, holding pin. 1 he only metal which! rtported some days ago, of the Br^t-will stand the intense heat of the par- | f^h Ambassador's stimuiT residence, oslain futrnaoe is platinum, and that
tree. That makes fruit buds form, but the tree is by this time so far
exhausted that it cannot mature them all except by greatly reducing the size
will be no fruit buds to blossom ./The tree gets into the habit of producing u crop aniy in alternate seasons and as these are largely influenced by unfavourable weather, the lesult is that all the apple trees in tho neighborhood ui province have the same years to b.var and uo be non-productivo. It is possible, after this habit has been established to change the bearing year by going over the tree und plucking off the fruit so soon as the apples have set in the bearing years. But it makes u great deal of work, for always two or three times as many bios- i sums set as come to maternity.
The far better way is by root pruning and piuohing in of the growing shoots, to encourage the formation of fault buds as sooui as possible, after tho tree, is planted. In the climate of California trees usually bear the second au ai most the third year after they are planted. Tho long, dry season while the soil is parched so that
Then put one finger
Tho following year there
coats at the rate of a cent a pin simply fur the raw material.
But as there are people who are not satisfied with ready-made clothing, so there are people who are not satisfied of lute ywirs been apprre ably dimmi-with ready-made teeth. False teeth I bhell by the facility with which sup-may look just as well or better Ulan plied coaifd be brought up from the real ones, but public speakers, sing- ! coast by railway, but it has by no era and other prominent people want means been abolished, and ihe îaii-
t he
NEAREST RANGE OF HILLS,
It is true ih it the cam-el truific has
an
*'The Chinese name for tho society in the three Chinese chaiactera,
Righteousness, Justice and Fist,' means a keeping of the peace by the use of the hand or by force oaths and practices have been a development from the original purpois of the society, which sprang up in the west, and was a combination of tradesmen and landholders against robbers.
" Prince Tuan was noted for fais vigorous action on hasty impulses. Ho would advocate one plan one day and violently oppose it the next, lie was in later years given to strenuous fits of ‘ch’i,’ or Chinese anger, which is usually a blind, unreasoning rage.”
Dr. Moy says he cannot understand Tuan’s taking an interest in the public affairs unless some of his aflosoi-ates, whom Dr. Moy knew at Tung Wen, having, as members of the Boxer society, taken up the anti-foreign cause, led Tuan to throw his lot in with them, with all
HIS IMPETUOUS ENERGY.
The momentum once acquired, his associates are likely to maintain the organization, although Tuan himself may suddenly turn his interest in some other direction.
In case he abdicted the leadership there are a number of young Manchu princes, sons of Tito Huang's many legitimate und illegitimate sons, who would be glad to take his place. Tuan has travelled to the north more or less, and is familiar with Russian military methods.
Dr. Moy concludes by saying that he believes the matter of obliging ^ food will prevent any largo body of Chinese being held together at any piuce as even in lime-» of peace and with forces scattered the commissary of the army is wretched, the soldiers frequently going from house to house and begging or stealing their food.
or
I#
their own teeth reproduced in all way not having been available for their peculiarities of form and color, | soma tim* past., owing to tbj ope round fillings, if they have them
lions of tin Boxers, tho prob.ibi ity In teeth that are	made	to	order I g|*	that	the û habitants of (b capi-
nothing is impossible	from	the	short	tal	have	hid to neJy more* ihau ever
white teeth of normal youth, to the upon their Mongolian market for the long, discolored ones of extreme age. means o.f existence.
And now for tho answer to tho If it (bej true, that tho rebels secured question. " What becomes	of	false	tjn	approaches to “L galion street,'*
teeth?” Sometimes	they	are	lost,	and	the	quarter in wh.ch all the
sometimes stolen and sometimes left foreign residents were congrvgited, as a family legacy. Generally, how- last werk.it is certain that provisions ever, they are buried with the owner, cannot hive been conveyed to the be-and lie forever hidden in the ground. | ieagured garriscQis, and save for the
trifling stocks that m y have been accumulate^ wPtliin the "compounds" pit the various embassies th ro is
A medium-
ivy
trailing over the sides of the jurdi-When in blossom, pots of tulips, crocus or hyacinths light up a
ODDS AND ENDS.
mere
The Esquimaux of Alaska made table beautifully, hut the odor of hya- \ mhjxts and boots of tanned salmon hide
mobs is offensive to many persons. | and jackets from codfish skins. Frog
and they should be epariugly used | tking n„w uaed in the bookbind-when guests axe present
TOASTING THE QUEEN.
scarcely any growth is puosible, favors the formation of fruit buds, as much that would with plenty of mois-tare become branches is cut short, and the nourishment is concentrated into buds for future blossoms

.4	IMInitlc
•online*.
<»r iirr	nothing. unless leliief oomea, hut
I starvation or sipbm.saion to look for-
to a Chin sa neiedless lo s ,y, not h^r form of ex-
<‘.re' art, and tho skins of many other fishes and reptiles are put to practical uses
Almudi as soon as they are out of the shell quail seem t<> have the power of making th-iaselves invisible at the wave of a wand. The ground may i*> as bare as a floor, but somehow they manage to vanish utterly from the. eye.
There was once kdled in England a rat which holds the record for size. He was gray as a badger, weighed two and three-quarters pounds and measured twenty inches from i he tip of his nose to the tip of his tail.
Chinese iron is becoming a serious rival to the American and English product in Japan and is now sold at about £1 per ton cheaper tbau that which is imported fiurn Great Britain
Jn France women are allowed to wear men’s attire, but they must pay for the privilege. The amount of tax which a woman pays for wearing masculine garb is about $10 a year.
A project recently set afoot in Hungary to supply electric power in small quantities to home workshops in the vicinity of Budapest has received the sanction of the Hungarian Diet.
In the British army oniy three religions denominations are recognized— Church of England, Roman Catholic, and Wesleyan.
The wealthiest brewer at Copenhagen contributed 600,000 crowns toward the building of the new library in i bat city.
Start one or two basins of ferns and * few pots of dwarf nasturtiums and sweet alyssuro during January, for early spring, when tho potted plants begin to droop.
The Glasgow Weekly Mail publishes | ward to. Suibraussion the following report of the chairman's j rni>bt it i6 almost speech in giving the toast of "The j woufd be only Ibr Queen" it a recent agricultural #llOW | tinotioe. same result La produced when a large, . dinner in Scotland:—"Noo, gentlemen,
So long as the ammunition for the
however, and so
about to bring forrit‘The Queen.'Oor I long as the Chinese were unaible to
Queen, gentlemen, is really a wonder-| mount cannon upon the city walls to in fu' woman, if I may say it; sh-3's a ne
strong, giowiug variety is grafted in-, will ye a' fill your glasses, for Cm [Maxims held o»uil to one so much weaker that the roots
i
of the latter oaunoi supply the uour
This is seen
isbmeut required grafting the pear on the quince root
play upon the legations from tho ad-\ ii whigma-1 ja0 m and ou&jna nding height# there-I he tree if. dwarfed, but it c vines into ice ries or falderals about her, but a j ?«(, ,t certain that a stout resistance bearing within s few years, instt id i f douce daccent lady
the guid auld sort
y

i
P
She’s resp et -She has broc ht
to the onslaughts of the howling rabble will have been offered. Beyond (his ail is conjecture, and the possibilities are too apparent to be contemplated with calmness.
NEEDED ROOM.
Mrs. Grumnips, looking over her new house ,—Whit in th • world is that vast attic foif
Mr. Gruminp.-.—It's to hold ih' things that you buy and can’t use.
m
able beyond a’ doot up a grand family o' weel-faured tads anti lassies—her nuldest son he-
pos i ponmg fruitfulness for many years. Thuo used to be a saying
He who plants pears Blunts for his heirs.
*

m
ing a credit to on y mil her—,< ltd they’re a’ weel married. A ne daughter is nae less thin married to the Dukt* o' Argyll's son and heir. Gentlemen, ye'll maybe no* believe it, but I «nee saw the Queen. 1 did. It was when I took my auld broon coo to Berth Show. I remember her weel— .such colour, such h iir !" Interruption, and cries of "Is it tho coo or the Queen ye’re proposing I” "The Queen, gentlemen. 1 beg your pardou, but 1 was talking about the coo. However, as to the Queeu, somebody pointed her oot to me at Perth station, md there she was, smart and tidy like; and says I to roysvlf:* 'Gin my tuld woman at ha me slips awa\ ye needna remain a widower a nit her
1 uis been ueuti zed by the pro*
and |
œff
cess of dwarfing liee growth thus bringing it into early productive
ness

V
The form of the growth has much lo do with the answer to the question, w bel hex a txee shall or shall not come early into bearing. Varieties that have low, spreading heads generally bear early. This to a great extent cm be remedied by pinching back the highest buds as they spire upwards during summer, and forcing tho sap down to the less vigorous buds that are nearer the ground. This pinching buck should with pear or apples be done in July or early in August. It the bud below starts to grow into a •-hoot either pinch that hack also, or bend back the summer growth to a horizontal position. This alone is enough usually to induce tho formation of fruit buds. Sometimes heavy snow in winter bends trees or their branched towards the ground. Always, unless too much shaded by branches above them, these low branches will foxm fruit buds and after the fruit has set its weight will keep them in a recumbent position until the tree
Ladies’ Shirred Skirt, having a five gored foundation Size 24 requires 9 6-8 yards, 21 inch, 6 7-8 yards of 32 inch, or 51-2 yards of 42 inch material, with one yard extra of 42 inch for ruffle, and 5 3-4 yards of band trimming.
PARROT STARTS A TRAIN.
A hud accident is reported from Leipzig, which is entirely attributed in the speaking ami imitative powei
of n parrot habits a cage situated near the starting place of an electric car being constantly near the conductors it has learned to imitate them so well that the other day the driver, on hearing the German for the English "Right you are,’’ set the carriage in motion, causing an old lady to fall and sustain considerable injury. Is the owner of a parrot responsible for the said injuries I
LITTLE OPPORTUNITY TO FEAR.
With your strong arm a'bout m3 1 fear nothing, she said an she looked -loulfully into his eyes.
Huh! came the voioo of th.’ sarcastic .small brother who hid been peeking in the door, you don’t take many chancw of getting scared, so fare I can find out.
A very fine parrot in-
From
GLOVE "DONT’S."
Most women do not realize the im-
An ill fitting
Noo, gen! lemon, the
hour lunger.’
•\husky’s guid, the night is lmg. the weather wet, and the roads are su ft, and will harm naebody that comes to
portance of the glove or Inappropriate glove can mar th effect of the entire costume unfortunate that there should be so murk carelessness in connection wit h ’hit article of dress which his held » i revered » place in romantic his-Gloves have been the sym-
It is
DEFINING.
You look worried, remarked the firs# cabin passenger.
I am, replied the other. Two day# ago I cabled to my wile, who us in Rome, that I would sail for Pans today, and asked her where I could meet her. Juflt before sailing to-day I got ibis reply : Will mes* yaw, there on Frid mr at S o'clock.
So aff wi’ yer drink to the
grief g|	¦
ixittom I * The Queen !
# #
GERMAN BARBERS.
The barbers in some towns in Germany are compelled by law to cleanse and disinfect their combs, brushes and razors immediately after usesnd before they are applied to the hair or bend of another customer.
THE OUTLOOK.
Germany seems determi ned to plant her flag on the walls of the Chinese enpit nl.
Yes. But Bull also intend# to have a Pekin,
AGE AND FAME.
Nelson was 39 when ho won the victory of the Nile. Wellington was
only 40 when he opened the Peninsular War. Cromwell was 46 when he won at Naseby.
ury.________________________
uol or powe , the gage of defiance and \he token of love, and now they have dwindled to a necessary adjunct of which in the majority of oases W treated with the same considers*
dr
i
a
I
• '*jÂ
.¦ z j
.J,
V




###PAGE###7###
T

L
?

k
V*
•‘SECOND TO NONL’
FREAK HOUSES.
until the uppaurunoe uf a now admirer of atlll higher rank afforded a spurt* (Ain kind uf con sol ut ion,
Th'3 now admirer wax Jy/rd Car mi-
SUMMER SMILES.
*>*>»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»»» »»» UNREQUITED LOVE.

1# m
Far Which *oror OirriuuMIlow» Aiuafriir C.ipKirrd *qoadron Among Hrllnli I Ar# lim , i In- H« »|Mintlble.
Friend—Bow do you get along with the cooking ? The Bride—Admirablyl
the range.
Perdit»—1Wee it hard for him to propose *	Dorothy—It might h»v«
--J. But you know I wjlb with
1#moue ITtflilrr».
No regiment in the Rnglieb ecrvke
Hue-
Amateurs are everywhere and in
everything, hut none of them shine benra a prouder motto than the
conspicuously thin the amateur on Dragoons, inure commonly known 1‘hore La a growing desire as the Scots (irvya, a squad run
ê
now, a mnrqude, and uno of the most | ; blame it dissipated young men in Loudon or Piris; a young man who a y ar b (or.f ha met Clarice, hud the reputation of j jipeI| being industriously engaged in drink -himself to death; but who wu«

£
more
BY MISS M. K. BHADDON
architect
among some people to decline the which, consulting of about t fro hurt-
of capable died and fifty in-n, was captured re-
CTUPTBR IX.
Stella 88/w no more, of Lord Lash* mar, though he stayed at the castle till after Christmas and entertained
hardly ranch up to the table."
"Yea, dear, you were always a handy little thing. I will go on with your education. You will almost always find me at homo."
Stella thanked him with all her
h i ai
professional asmatanre architects and Lu fill up the plans for centIy by the Boers.
"Sec rol to none" < l.ey bn ve truly
mg
Artist— You don't sec in pleased with your portrait as a eu in mar girl. Summer Girl—No; you’ve made my whirl -waist stripes run the wrung way.
Hi1—Your left arm is wonderfully
Do you go
said to have* pulled up, us it were, on the brink<xf the precipice, and to be in a fair way to n form, Lord Carminow met Clarice and. hir family at Schwa I-
tnub, v> hi her Mr. and Mr». Dane brook, de,6l(l,wdi Mial A1|llyle
h,.d taken tWr daughter with the ,u for „thletlce, k<Ullv_oh, not at ideo that iron would rav.ve her broken |	., b:l( is (haf „rm t hft ,n, ^irt
edifices they contemplate erecting with their own hinds
Speculative been on runny of the hardest-fought builders me particularly inclined this fields uwhere British standards have vvuy, and consequently some peculiar eared in victory or in defeat, i'heif
rec ' I is so full of dai ng exploit* that
a good many visitor*.
Would she ever be happy again, she
wondered I Never, «urely, unies* her ' h,.irt_ obeore(1 aod to(orted by this father were to come back from that
'
freak houses are the result
new light.
She told Betsy everything, and Betny managed that by hook or by crook she should hive time to go on Cuming with her education. All she had to
An old-eslubliabed speculative build- 1 he merest summary of them would
far country xvhLthor ho had gone that night the house was burnt.
Comfort of nome kind was nearer
or recently ran up a row of 10 or VI occjniy more t h • n t he. Np.ici taken by modest cottages u|x>ri plans which lie this entire article had himself drawn up to avoid t be recruit e were troopers who had somewhit high fees of a professional fought under that ideal rider uf the architect
spirits. After threw weeks acqudtn-Uhoufthip he proposed to Clar.ce Uune-brook and was aco p ed with a kind of haughty en redevances on lha part of tho young lady, us if she took lbs coronet as her due itnd despised the giver; with ripiure vu the part of the mother, but by tho father with considerable and even outspoken reluct-
W11 h
Then earliest
Fa, please gimme 'nother nickel# What fur, Tommy ? Well, pi. 'f 1 go t th' picnic with ma 1 want t hire •'in’ other buy t’ carry tlT basket.
Jess—Is she really so awfully homely f Teen—Well, i should euj girls who graduated with her wouldn't allow her to figure in the composite photograph of the clans.
Flossy is bo superstitious
than she had thought, through the little village street one day mho saw a familiar figure stand-log at the gate of a cottage garden
do was to satisfy Middlvham, and of
late her sowing had been good enough
own for that exacting personage, and gazing dreamily at the old church *hc hid also shown h&raelf very deft
tower nertlkng in a hollow just be-
The row warn almost coni. North, the "Bluidy Claverhouse" of
pleto, when, to the chagrin and astou- the Covenanter, and the "Bonny Dun* ! ishnient of Mr. A. Architect, his fore- dec" of the Cavalier
They fought ni
nun suddenly discovered that, while turn for James 11. and for William ample chimneys had been built to each and Miry, ami Liter under Murlb trigs, not a room m the row bad a ougb trod 11 i, u ml Ri mil lies At fireplace nor stove pipe hole such an oversight could hive been French Household cavalry, sapturing made it is difficult to imagine, but it a standard and many prisoners wit hAt Fontenoy and Vale th<-y suffered heavily, ountinu-
fbe
and clever In putting the finishing touches to boat bedrooms and morning-rooms, arranging drn paries, filling flower vases, putting nioknacks and indescribable elegancies In just the right places
yund that sharp curve and sudden drop in the narrow road, where the ' Tillage inn stoo<l out conspicuously, as if on the lookout for accidents to horses and wheels.
unco.
I suppose that tho world will say Uni my little girl is in «king a fine match!" said bwnret Job Danebrook;
flow Dt‘it ingen they broke the splendid
She is#
Yes; when she weirs her <! b'shead
Stella had spent
A boat old figure, with bare head nun y a morning at this work when soul long gray hair and dim. pile -yes, | f a god by pairing over dry as-dud b ok\
Yes, it was the mild companion of her happy chill huod standing there, a leaf out of that lowly past, which contrasted so strongly with her prei-ent desolation.
hatpin «be always wears her horseshoe scarf-pin and her wish-hone hair ornament.
AI'h, that luxury cam»* too soon 1 What wealth we'd give to buy A nice eclipse, each! day at noon, Throughout the fierce July!
proved very expensive and made the out losing a man speculation a sorry one
A very opposite mistake was made lug their record for efficient service by a lawyer, who drew his owu plans for the house be contemplated Luild-This gentleman provided for
"but unless you mend your habits, was full of company and | Lord Curminow, sbo will T>e one of the had won Middle ham's gruff approval.
"I thought you were a fool, child,
most mi&urnblo wive# in London.’
Ci i mi now swore 1 hat h • habits weie whi'n I first took you In b ind." «aid alrFedy mundi di end lhai wiib Cler.ce tbn queen mother of the housemaids, {or bi|s wjfe lllOTe could b,, ,10 (e:ir 0f
"but I mu.it say that 1 have found you relapWl T-he redding took place m
a teachable, handy little thing and u,,. Autumn, much to Lady Lu^hmar'e
very willing to take pains with your indignation, sewing, which Is more than 1 can say
at Bergen, Miudon, Warbuurg, Dun-k.fk, Tournuy, and othv.r more or less memo ruble conflicts.
mg
everything on an elaborate scale, Wife—iYou can go to the club Lo';exce,>t fires, in which connection be
I heir charging cry at Waterloo, "Scotland forever !” is enshrined among a he great expressions which England cherished in memory of the noble deeds that inspired them It may be that Napoleon never exclaimed in unwilling admiration, "Look at t hfuse beautiful grey horses,” or that Wellington, when hardest pressed, wisbe 1 "tbit ' hare were in ire of the Greys/' but Englishmen like to believe tint both expressions are gen-Whvn Fonsonby's brigade
night if you feel like it dear band—I do feel like it, but 1 shin t chimneys, a fact which his builder at
Husband— j once pointed out, much to the amateur Because 1 intend to have mv own way : architect's disgust, for onoe
The girl ran to him and touched him on the sleeve.
"Mr. Vernor, dear Mr. Verner, I • m #c glad 1" she gasped, breath-
enlirely overlooked the necessity for
"He is very good-natured and he is a gentleman," she said. I can afford to take my chance. 1 shill do all The all-pow«\rful MLddlehum being | j wn to ref0rm him." thus conciliated by patient service,
life had been made easier for Stella, | her from head I o foot wit ha seal h-even at the worst, than it had been
Wife—Why not?
go
for those overgrown young women from the village."
lowly.
An experienced builder and contra*.
Slurp father— 1 believe that hand- | f0r flays thaj, during the 40 odd years «ome etranger has fallen in love with |1H bad been in the trade, he had had you, my dear. Extravagant daugh-jflome most wonderful freaks of .imiter—Du you? Why? Sharp father teur architects put before him. In —I «aw him gazing sadly at that ex- one case a two-story house was to be
"Why, Stella! Are you «till at the castle ? They told me you bad been sent to school
"You!" cried her ladyship, survey-
Why did you not
ing look. "Poor baby I	You do no1
So day by bay and every day, a* the | know wh it you are undertaking " loaves unfolded and the flowers came
come to nee me before f"
"I wee not allowed to go out till her ladyship went away, and I did not know you wore here, you had gone to London."
endured three and a half pears of a most intolerable existence beioto Lord Cnrmttiow finish'd that business of drinking himself to death which ha hid begun so blithely it Christ Church in lbs dawn o*f manhood, wb'n many of bis fellow commoners took toist and water for their dinner beverage. île was gone and Job Di ne brook was gone and Clarice. M i rrihüonves of Carminow, was <s-tahlish^d nt Dane b nook if all inordinately rich and as lov-dy as in her earliest girlhood. Mrs. Da ne brook lived with her daughter and hid been left very well off by i ho ironmaster hut Clarice was mistress in all things and a mistress on a very grands* ale. modeling herself upon# th* great Lady Pitland. nboait whose little ways sh--hnd h°ard so much from Lady f.ash-
built without any facilities for getting
pensive dress you have ou Smith—If there is anything I dis-I to the upper floors beyond an exterior
peeping forth in tho hedgerows and meadows, Stella lived her own life,
nine
charged, the Soutn Grey* went further thm either the fimLskillings or the Hu y a Is; they "rushed upon every description of force which presented itself; lancers and cuirassiers were alike ov«*ri brown and cut down —
They said
I ke it is a shallow man Ye«, but there Is one thing in his fav- I were allowed in the plans
Jones—j gutter pipe ; no staircases whatever
Owing to
Smith—I'd like to know what j an oversight on one occasion his Jones—A shallow man doesn't workmen actually built a villa, stand-
anil learnt diligently in the great volume of classic lore. And every day tho girl's care helped to make the old student's life more pleasant, providing London nearly four months. A ter- for and forestalling his wants, sup-rible place, child—a fearful place— ervising his modest wardrobe, beauti-whea one had lost the habit of cities, fying his cottage homo, surrounding as 1 have. A dreary desert for the him with an atmonphere of womanly friendless and poor, rny dear,"
"They were right, iny child," answered the old man, with a profound sigh; "1 did go to London. I was In
or
it is
require a§ much watching as a deep | ing in its own grounds, without any
drains or gutters, with two fireplaces
—never al batteries were carried, and I In. regiment penetrated the rear oj the enemy's position." tiuph.es that fell to the Soots Greys was the eagle of the Forty-fifth Regiment, which Sergeant Ewart took a filer killing three of its defenders.
« me
Mrs. Mmn—I am afraid, Martha, in one room and none in another. And young Mr. Styles is not altogether ; all this hud been done by following
Oh. you think ! the owner’s plans too exactly.
Among the
ooi ri ot in his ha bits tint because he and pa are such good friends: but after we are married I
love and watchfulness.
"But your book," fullered Stella, re-
L i<ly Lashmar wae in London, in memEsring the old mm'a «hr inking Paris, in Vienna, with her adored son, from the burden of celebrity,
CIPHER WRITING.
ah til insist upon Charles h iving nothing to do with pa.
My boy, said the wily politician, lake the advice of one who knows,
hat following him as a satellite follows will win you new friends instead of a planet—not with him but always th1 old friends who may hive forgot- near him. He had up »ken in the
ten yon.*
"No, Stella, there are no friends to alt ted attention; had been talk )jyy:ndig nowaàuja.	I carried my
imnuscript from publisher to publisher till I oame to those that la ug lied kn my face when I mentioned ArLs-tjtle. I might publish the book at my own cost if I liked, but it would ill volve an outlay of two or three t undred pounds.
swaken*d me, and now I know that 1 am only a foolish old man, born in-this world too, late to be of/ any use to himself or other people."
1 "But* you hive your book still," said Mel la, in her grave, old-fashioned way, "and If it a great book, as Lord Lush mar said it was. you must be very proud of it."
1*1 love it," faltered the old man. "I L*ve it as if It wore « child. Perhaps y#«rs hence, when I am in the dust, a publwhvr may be found to print book. But let us talk of it no more.
O me indoors and rest yourself,
Bt< lia; it is too oold to be .standing here mo long."
•He led the way into a cottage pir-The owner of the cottage had given up the struggle for neatness and had allowed her eccentric lodger to have things In his own way.
"Have you been living here long f" asked Stella.
«•
It Ila|r« Irons flie l.l-Is li Century IWnre
< l«r 1>I.
RULES FOR CAMP FIRES.
Among the clay tablets from the Y ou ! record chamber uf tho Assyrian Kings oul-irl*) lèov« nimesii 8*»oe< Sense Mtiimd
House of Lords, and his speech had
and do not seek that office, will find it only an empty, barren I discovered by Sir Henry Layard, and Besides, said the wily politi- dating from about tho eighth century
lilvlrc lu rpupit ill*» l.o la iiptnic.
The Ontario Government has sent
about as a wonderful speech for so young un orator; and it bad boon said by some of his pirty that Lord Lash-mar was a young man who would mike bin mark.
honor
cian, after the young man had th ink-1 II C.—reproductions of which have re. out rules for campers and to comping ed him, and left, I want that office | cently been published by the Briti li places in order that greater care may
Museum—there are certain pas iges t*. taken with fire»
mar.
Thi*re hid been, no issue of that unhappy union and a distant cousin of Lord Cnrroinow hid succ*eded to th'
1 ne rules are
Wife-Kirl. we ought not to spend I described as "written in unknown ne follows
, ur summer trip this | tongues," which maj
he a species of
Never build a fire where its flames
year, and levo thought of one way to I cipher, especially as it appears fi «m cut down expenses. Husband-And “ther douumenU that "interpreters" whit is that, my dear? Wife- We were attached to the staff uf this
won't ask the doctor this year if 11 ancient library for the purpose of ean carried to brush, trees, leaves
deciphering diplomatic communicai-
CH APT Ell X
mnrquisaTe. And now in these days A great change had corne ovor Lady | ,>f her widowhood Clarice was again Pi: land’s daughter within the eiv.-n
ouu communicate lo gru/is or brush on branched.
The publishers
almost ns n daughter to Lady Î,ash-mar. who bid much need of solace and
N b v ei‘ build a fire where the ajaiika
years that hid passed aunon Hubert Loid Labhmar, had Won laid in t hi
society in her present depressed state
need the trip; that will save $5. Hodown—I understand your wife
on grass
family vault yonder under the old 10{ health church at the end of the park. Lady
The Spartans are said, by La
lions
Never build a fire without first not-Guilieliere, to hive invented cipher jtig the lay of the land, with respect
Jigaup— | wrilin*» il having been their practice, to cuntroUing it after it is kindled,
when sending out an officer of rank,
8bs h d three slaves, who were al-
ius isted on drawing the plans her
Lislimar's health had given away
ways in nttenadnoe upon her—Bar-a slow and gradual depression, m- ! bar, the patient and homely mud of dicaiive, as her physician blandly | , b(rty years' service and Celestine. the bintt*l, of some obscure inward mu-
se if for your now house Yes, she’s busy over there now. Hollow ii -Oh, l thought she bed finished,! 0
wife she hul all tho |e“ctl>’ allke. une ul wbicb the guiah it thoroughly
officer took with him, while the other
Never leave in » » fur i he day with provide two wot Ion cylindrical tiit) f^e to burn unattended, tixtin-
xpert Abigail. Her third attendant
She told my
1 .- I ; In id oui now «he’s got to put the rest of the house around them.
Client—i don't think you ought to oh irge so much for your services. You knew from tho start that it would
lady, had crept over that active mi»nd, working slow and au'btle changes, until little by little, with a gradual transformation hardly p roeived by those who were constantly about h?r th - Lady Lushmur of (he present bad
occupied a nondescript position, was hardly a servant, though she was t mi ted as cavalierly as th- lowest servant and was not quite a companion. This was Stella Bold wood
now nineteen years of age. and pro b.rxm* an entirely difierent woman I m0<ed within (h* iaflt two years to
fmn the Lady Labhmar of th* past.) , hp pMt ^ h#M. ladyships reader and h’ imixwuble for you to win the oa.se.
,	The ,loo,or	eugg'S.-d	L;,v>y.»r-Aa,l for	lh.it	very reason !
face had softened will*	ilv	premature	Stella,	whom h<v hid seen	very, often	ought tu hv pin)	more	thin l ask. It
wHiteaiing	of those soft	maw # of	nd conversed with in the oottag-	1 ,kfs taleut tu abstract matter for
hair. Yet	dewpHe this	softer aspect	pirIo,r	vhor« he dropped	in once or I	argument from a	case	which has ntithe woman was ut heart the same. | , W10p a waek 1o, chat with old Gabriel I	in [i
Under nu circumstances, when moving camp, leave the fire t o burn or to smoulder. Put it out.
To extinguish a fire built upon the ground, where there is turf or the roots of trees in the soil, pour water upon it until the ground Is thoroughly soaked; t he» dig around about and well outside the circumference, throwing the earth in toward the center, and then wot it down again.
Jigs up—Yes, but
they retained. When secret messages hid to be sent, the home authorities wrapped a strip of parchment round their staff spirally, wrote their communication across the edges this formed, unrolled the parchment and dispatched it in the same way to his staff, thus bringing the broken characters, otherwise unreadable, into proper sequence.
that
The recipient applied it
The severe lines of t hit hand sumo
lof
SHE FILED NO EOVE LETTER I wrote to .ink Miss J mp to return my love letters.
What did she do about it!
She replied that she would gladly send th«m back if shu could find (ht m.
REPUDIATED
Du you really think it's necessary
proud as Milton a Satan, 'but with th mvlauoholy pride of a disappointed | ev<iry wintl>r during sharp attacks of
hi cAirhitis,
V>rneJ. He had attended the old mm
I understand, sir, that you referred
have t hm emp >r assassinated igain ? asked a member of tho Chinese | to me as a dog.
No, sul you are misinformed. 1
truest and
i O
"Only ai no** last November. Lord life Lash mar has been good enough to give me a small pension, which I accept without compunction, as Ï know that my pupil always intended to prpvide for my old age. And you, child, how has it fared with you since tb it fatal day ?"
$tella was slow to answer. She don see son which followed Dos - quad struggled with herself in silence for Autumn days at tha castle. They! The Gaik war of Ba roda, who is paya little while; the dark brows con- hid wn.ltz'd many a waltz, had met in	ing his	fourth visit	to England, is
tracted in a frown; the crimson of many a crush upon thu staircases of	I	known	in India as "a model prince,”
passion kindling in the wan cheeks, B11gn via and Mayfair. They had	I	and in	Europe as an	enlightened ad-
and then she burst into tears. ' riddan «de by side in the Row, Job	I	vocale of progress.	Horn in 18Ü1, he
"My poor child 1 my poor child," he 1 Da nei>rook jogging quid iy beside 4 Devoured, "death was very cruel to them on his weight earner, ihinking you and to me that Summer day." of his latest impiov< m»mis in machi-
ihe possibility of a strike
Lashmar
and he has seen how
Seven years had gone by since | ste||:l exoeII«**i as a nurse.
Clarice Dan* brook had played ten Bis on the lawn under Lady Lashmar s windows, and not hmg had com of her ladyship’s hop e in lb it direction.
Clarice and Lord Lash mar had seen
imperial family. 1 do, was the ana-
Well, you know we must ecu-1 1 consider a dog man’s Perhaps it would be cheaper I most faithful friend.
To he Oontiuued
we i
iwuniie.
mpluy a regular assassin and keep him on the |xiy roll instead of having th»‘ work done by the jib, as here-
t
ETERNAL VIGILANCE
THE CORN FED PHILOSOPHER
THE GA1KWAR OF BAROÜA.
0 i the morning uf the P.cmc—Can
Wh» n a w< toan says sh^ wi.l marry
cigars,
1 help you Marin? Yes, Pve dressed a man if hr will give up hi Tommy—now you keep him clean S;iys the Cornfed Philosopher, that while I dress raysMf and
a good deal of each o: her in ihi* Lon- j imliaii Priser Whum ih* Keg i Mi! iadore
Il I I Is High I'««eni.
he two
means she is going o ra irry bimany-
SACRED FIRES
girls
way—cigars or no cigars
Perl* of hr Old
*1111 Kxlel In *f»mr
Worlil
Âq Honored Physician,
Sacred fires still exist in nsne perte ha» now ruled the important state of (>( Jndu and pttnlia. 0n« of the most Huroda with conspicuous success and a|)cient „f ,be lndiall *al>red flre8 ,,
advantage to his subjects cJutiug | tfaat at 0cKlwada, uear Bul*ar. wbicb twenty ye i is. In that period he has devoted his chief attention tu works
"Oh, if wo had only died, too! Why nery otm did not God take us all together?" sob- ! amongst his opera liven bed Stella, and thou tu broken sent-: went back u> the Continent without
h.ving compromised himself by one
too tender word. There hid been looks ’h it had thrilled the a mple Mi«l-
wu« consecrated 12 centuries ago in commemoration of the voyage made by the Parsecs when they emigrated from Persia to India. The fire is fed Live limes every 24 hours with sandal-
Trusted and Admired by Tens of Thousands of Grateful Cured Ones is Dr. W. A. Chase.
calculated to benefit bis people, and to improve their condition from the moral as well as the material standpoint. The (iaikwar is a great patron
ernes she told Gabriel Verner what her life had be on like mince he left thf-i castle.
"&he took
Stella wept cm tearfully; "the books	, w, .. .	..
he gave me; my Orcek and Wtin , cytv,. under heavy brown brow*.	tereeted himself in the thorn, ,,ues-
botdus; my book about the .tar., and Lmd Lusbmar bad gone »w.y, derm- tion, in India, of female education Ue
Scott and Tenu,eon."	lblt 11 «« to° #o0n Io‘. *““* l° U oow givmg further proof of ht» zeal ^ ^ insula AbcheroQ, former- ttriptiS
"Inexorabl*. tyrant, to .title that «vow bim^lf. Ue wa. not qwte eure., in educat.onat matter, b, the dec,e,on j ,y M(>ngjnit t0 tVr„a. but now , ,,4rt-----T ECZEMA ON THE HEAD.
bu.lÿlng Intellect."	wanted time.	h. i* orm. ( o sen	nig	i. « i "	^	Hueela,	there is a	sacred	fire v	bicb	Mrs. Joseph Quorin, Ethel, Huron
Hu. Bet», contrived to get some	He went, and he left	Clartoe lament-	to Oxford and eome	of	h.e	younger	^	t0 bave	burning	for	Co.. On.., write»:-"! wa. troubled
5»” r 3 J-S	.....“««w	— I
r .v«	- - w - - - - -
I u*od to tidy his papers	when I	^«»oet emery moment	of the day and	«now. Bitter grief is loud, %	im grief	nre	as smooth as a	dancing	floor	and	^Ith; y WAm v*ry nervous and weak,
y ltr; 1Ulle when	i oould	rnnj » wakeful hour	of the night;	* #il#at.-_Auert*ch.	»re	never	dirty.	end worried greetlv ever my future.
First, by hid famous Recipa Book, Hearing of Dr. Chase's Nerve Food an l later by his great family remedies,' and the wonderful results it has ac-J’his Dr Chase proved his wonderful skill oompliahed in others, I obtain* l a hoi
—' *r. a .»,.d h,........, rJb"3nL?iîïr£*8£2iS ÎE&SFiiîSiSK'iJ S
large numbers during the months al- an^ to tell of tho incalculable benefits now restored to full health and
lotted to the presiding genius of fire, derived from the use of his great pre- vigour.”
"Dr. Chase's Nerve Food is an excellent remedy, and I can recommend it to all who are weak, nervous, or rua down in health."
wood and other fragrant materials of education, baring founded many j 6vmbined with every day fuel. '
schools and colleges, and specially in-
away my books, too," !dleebire maiden but nothing o-.me of
those tender glances from dark gray
KIDNEY BACKACHE.
Mr. D.vd Mo Le ah. 279 Slater St, 0: i.ivxd, Out., states;—”! was troubled with kidney disease and backache for
minent benefits. Some tima ago ! began using Dr. Chaee’s Kdiney-Llver Fills, and found them to be the best medicine l ever used. Their use lee* away that kidney backache, and made feel better in every way, gave me refreshing sleep, and made my digestion good."
Imitator# of Dr. Chaee'e Remedies do nod dare to reproduce hie portrait and signature, which are to be feund on every box of his genuine remedies. At all dealer#, or Ed me neon. Bate# • ad Co. Toronto.
me

###PAGE###8###

'






'



¦

I


!

\ '




/
#

/
*

It Takes all Kinds
ARE KNOWN BY THEIR FIT AND FINISH________
of people to make a world, so it must necessarily
take all kinds of
Boots and Shoes
to suit those people, and prices must be right.
Medicines
Our aim is to furnish customers with the best of everything in Tweeds and Linings. Our standard is quality, that being in our opinion the most eloquent salesman. Prices are always satisfactory.
Khaki,” (what the gentlemen ordered South wear) we have it. Call and see it.
Beef, Iron and Wine, Favorite Prescription, Instant Headache Cure, Cathartic Compound, Kellogg's Asthma Remedy, Piqk Pills,
Lithia Tablets,
Extract Wild Strawberry, Oil of Tar,
Glycerine.

The Public

i
may rely on getting our goods at the
Lowest Market Price
as we always buy for cash, thereby securing
the discount.
!
!
té
i
M.
ALF. R. McGUIRE.
9
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAWVILLE, - - - QUE.
#
:
#+#+e+#+e*e+e+e++#+*+e+e+#
V
pen to the Chinese Government.
What would Englishmen say of the Biitleh Government if it wero idle while , a i reign Rimy marched t « L nulmi 11 Wha: would Americans may of the Washington Government if it won* limp in the 1 presence of an alien foe ? China ha# not London, Augo. -A special despatch from yet received an » flic al and specific pro-,
Pretoria, dated Saturday, mays:—44 («en nuncianiento setting fr-rth the intentions ; eral Christian De Wet is completely sur <>f the powers. She must regatd all arm-1 a m. rounded near Retizburg, and it is im- ed invaders as enemies until they lolemn-Arrive M5 possible for him forces to escape through ly proclaim themselves friends.
the strong cordon. The Boers may they The minister says that even if formal will make a stand at Machadodorp. They war breaks out the Pekin authorities will
are short of ammunition and food. Gen. do everything they can to protect the X'llis Wcll-klH)WIl *111(1 I'clhllilc ..	o'!'!	Hamilton, by the rapidity of his move-	Caucasians in the capital. He	fears,
*•	H.ÏÎ	ments, prevents reinforcements reaching 1	however, that the advance of the	allied	PStuhilSllIllOllt Will	1)0 IOUlHi
?¦?!	Commandant Gen. Botha.	|	troops will send the entire Chinese	popu	fi ; BpqQnn	fni|v	nrpnQrpfl
44 It appears that, after the train car I lation over to the Boxers aide and pro-	SC<18011 Hilly pi tpdl ( (l
7.31 rying United States Consul Stowe and voke the murder of the defenceless %g	to meet tlie FC-
Z Js flying the Stars and Stripes, was derailed whites within reach of the mob.	.
"iM	at Honingspruit, south of Kroonstad,	44 Nur will the slaughter stop,	said	(jUll'PlllCDt$	01 tllG 1*11*11161*8
concealed B >ers tired, killing four.	he, 44 in my opinion with the foreigners. * i	f
44 Many residents of Pretoria have been I anticipate that the Emperor and the	1 COUlliy.
sent into exile for having behaved cruel- Empress, as well as every Chinaman who ly or shatneful'y to British subjects be- has sought to save the lives of the lega- ' fore or during the war. The terms of; turners, will be slain. If the powers pull i exile vary, in one instance 25 years.
London, Aug. 4 —The war oflive ham received a despat eh from Lord Roberts, dated Pretoria, August 4,—which says :—
4 Lord Algernon Lennox has been release 1 by the Boevs. Only two officers I senger train leaving Brantford on the T. remain prisoners.	*	j H. & B. about 8.40 this morning for
44 Commandant Olivier has managed to Waterford, collided with a gravel train a escape to the hills in the vicinity of Beth-1 short distance west of Brantford. There , lehem. with 1,500 men. He has informed were but four persons, ladies, in the pas-Taking effect Oct. 10, 1899. Oen. Bruce Hamilton that he dues not senger train, all of whom sustained a
Leonsider himself bound by Geo. Prmsloo’e | number of bruises and a bad shaking up.
offer of surrender and that his force in-,	.	.	.	.	.
9 a m' I tends to continue the war. He has taken I Dawa, August 4.- An order-in-
up a position between Uamsmith £oun5‘l «uperaimuatmg L.eut Col. L. W and the New Market road. Lieut, tien. i H=rchmer, has been promulgated and it
Kundle is now following him,	,how* that Lhe waa ”t,«d ,fr<™ ,he
“ Prisoners captured by Gen. Ian Ham-1 |nand the North-Meat Mounted "-
ilton say that only soft-nosed bullets are j ,lce on acc£“nt °* a8e and !° Promote el-now served out to the Boers. 1 am re | bclencf The «uperam.uation dated from
presenting this matter and protesting to ! yesterday.
Gen. Botha. ’
THE WAR.
PONTIAC

ft ft
f,

f
(in bulk)


WOOLLEN
Dewvt Surrounded and Olivier
Escapes.
I
O
Official Time Table :
MILLS.
Dyes
'
Aylmer tBrcckeuridge
? Hard ley
Parker’* Crossing f Mohrs Quyon Wyman’s tTanfc Bristol McKee's 8b aw ville Clark's
Campbell's Bay ?Tank Î Vinton Cou longe ‘Mellon’s Waltham
•Flag Station. tTauk. t‘Flag Station.
5.45 Leave
• •
9.21
H.(Hi
8.58 K.r.(i
6 00
4 »
I •
6.12
«4
0
• I
6.18
» •
44
6 26
•«
6.37
44
6.47

1.56
44
1.58
#4
• *
IV|aypole Soap, Diamond Dyes.
8.02
7.04

I 4
7.26
#4
• 4
» r»

7.45
«4
i 4
8.00
• 4
4 •
8.03
4l
• I
8.12
• 4
44
8.30
tV»4 fi 39
44
••47
44
I #
Leave 6»30
••55 Arrive
Our stock of Glotb
Including all the finest makes in
E. HODGINS 6 SON
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway
at Aylmer.
down the dynasty infinite difficulties will come tumbling about their head?.
y *
M
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
SERGES TWEEDS, WORSTEDS
&Ce &C.
>
Brantford, Ont., August 4.—A pas-
OTTAWA&GATINEAÜRY

)
I

Fall and winter Tsme Table
>
I
will be found choice and complete in every respect, and at money-saving prices.
A CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED

It’s a Decided Fact
t
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa
no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa
Nos. l and 2, daily except Sunday.
For tickets and further information apply to E. C. Arno di. Ticket Agent, ‘»i Spark 81., or 31 Central Chambers, Ottawa.
P. W. HESSEMXN.
tien’l Sup’t.
5.20p.m

•••••••••
A. HODCINS,
PHOROPRIETOR
That our new Mill is giving the public entire satisfaction.
:o:
Spring
Season
Quality of Wheat Up-to-date Machinery Competent Millers
Are drawing the trade our way

CANADA ATLANTIC
;
A cry for Vengeance.
Ottawa's Annual Exhibition at Lins-duwne Paik will, without a doubt, be far in advance of anything that has yet been placed before the public. There are so many new features, such originality of Che Foo, July 29, via Shanghai, Thurs- j arrangement, such a quantity of special clay, August 2. —Public opinion and the attractions and such care and pain-taking foreign press at the treaty ports are alarm- j in the accommodation both for exhibitors ed at the possibility that the Chinese may | and visitors that such, a thing as a dis prevail upon the powers to consent to the satisfied visitor will be a curiosity. Since establishment of peace without inflicting j the departure of Strathcona s Horse for LIMITED TRAINS 2 HOURS. MINUTES, j punishment befitting the Chinese Govern- ; South Africa the buildings which had been Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:-	j cent's crime. Officials, persons engaged j used as a barracks for the volunteers have
a 6.10 A, M.-Local-stops at all Intermediate „t&-1 *n commercial pursuits and missionaries , been thoroughly overhauled and renovated turn*. Arrives Montreal O..r»oa. ru. R	0f all nationalities are remarkably united, | and are now ready for the reception of
i	believe Pekin ahould he destroyed as an ' the exhibits. The duration of the exhi-
•9.00 A.M., Limited, arrive* Montreal U 2o a.m.. ,)bje?1 lesson, and that if the dynasty is hit ion will he from September 14th to . making closeconne thus with l. v. Ry. M. min.. continued it should he forced to establish September 22nd. While this is not so
W %Wn%KLt:ï wr Wi:ate | ;he capital at feme accessible city the lengthy as that of last year it was deem-1*8.00 A.M. Sundays only—Stup* .t	Americans suggesting Nankin. This is ed advisable to make the exhibition short-
mutions. An — Montreal ...... r .	1 considered	ant. the L hmese al- ; or and increase
Tailor Car atta	———Lwsys believed that China defe d the thus ensuring satisfaction for every gu
*p ,V \, p"r?'\ !; I Poweri *n because the capital re- With the increased capacity of the exhi-attached. Connects wiili trains fur Portland ami mained intact. It also thought that bition buildings and the grand stand there all point* east of M ntreal. For Valkytield a\<l guarantees to prevent excessive armament ! will be plenty of room for all to see the
alLK!l"Barttopn»’.,et^»hould be demanded and that China fair in the specified time and although m New York 7.20 a.m. H.isthrough Bullet sleep- should be compelled publicly and definite- , the attendance will be far greater than ing Car, Ottawa id New \cik.	| ]yt to renounce the fiction that the foreign that of other years the management are
roini,tere&e repre.entative of tributary in a position to handle the crowd no. »r Cornwall, Kingston.	. Chiv.tg powers. I here is a strong demand that | matter how large it may be.
«te. Ha»	unusual punishment, like the dest ruction
Train» arrive at Ottawa Cinaral Depot :	Îtl	tom D-’	be inflicted,
all,30 A.M. Local-from Boston, New York, New American and the English mission-
England and New York points. Montreal leaving aries advocate a programme similar to the at 7.45 a.m. Stops at all local s talions. lia» through Buffet Sleeping Car New York to Ottawa.
al.25 P. M. Limited—From Montreal and point*»
cant, leaving Montreal at ll.oOa.iu. lias Pullman Pailor Car.
t
TIME CARD
In Effect JULY 2, 1900.
EASTERN DIVISION. Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
. All leading bakers of Pon-f
iac arc using our Flour. The farmers get same quality in exchange.
FOR Eli! N I’RESS AT TREATY PORTS DEMAND THAT PEKIN RE DESTROYED.
9
For sale at all times : FLOUR, FEED & MEALS.
I
Richest Market Price paid in Cash for Wheat.
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of
MILK PAILS,
MILK PANS BREAD PANS DISHES of all Hinds
ALSO A FULL LINE OF
AGATEWARE
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.r
l
Furniture !

>
)
Furniture I
number of attractions
*

an inspection of which is invited,
Stoves.
Look out for the ITew Things !
Our Spring Lirçe of Furniture is out of sight I
Would you like to see it ? If so drop in and inspect stock.
The balance of our stock of Stoves to be cleared out at reduced figures.
Favorite Daughter very 111.
Roofing Contracts taken
and estimates furnished.
foregoing.
EMPRESS FREDEDICK’R LIFE SAID TO BE IN
D AMO Eft.
Six Hundred Hostages.
c. e. wainman, [In Parlor Suites
.7.3* i\ M. Lw*l—Fr«iu M v..iUv:*u I mviabaVIoi of war will be roLi.owRi, I London, August 4 —Notwithitending
intermediate points, Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, BY TURNING THEM OVER TO BOXERS. the denial Issuing from Berlin, If IB quite and pointa west. Hus Pullman Parlor C*r,Leaving	____ certain that	Empress Frederick, the
^ ^	_	"	t U*».
Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto and points west, Ha«	Chinese Government is holding as host-	consider her	life a matter of mouths.	£*, o.— 1OD	DPICG	IOF 0.1C16S
« asm smaj-xs	^
all point» east. Has Pullman Parlor Car.	; aries, foreign ministers, their families i *ry summer visit to England.
and the staffs of legations. It is stated j Queen X ictoria, knowing her desire to upon the same authority that upon an ! Possess an English home, gare her the to and fbom the west.	I official declaration of war by the powers, I White Lodge at Richmond last year, but
(Daily, except Sunday)	or upon a declaration of war by an act of *he will probably never be able to occupy Munl%lty%? Cla^dôn. I
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :	the allies now in China these hostages I it.	Public notice le hereby given to all pro-
I	£ St wi le! M «'la wa * k a am 1 teteraSliate stSimsT' ' | If Allie» Advance Imperial Troops I Paris, Aug. 2— An attempt on the life tbfrtydayenSm th! s* not Ice!* during 'which
Train, Arrive .« Of". Central Depot :	|	Wl11 °PP09e Invader.	, of the Shah of Per.ia, Muzaffer-EdDin	no%,Z:F%ch
II	ill am i M s	*i,- p*tn. I	"	was made this mornmgs but luckily L roll, wh «hull be taken int onsiu^raf ion
1ville: Itvlifrew. Arnprior and intermediate jwnTu. I London, Aug. 3.—11 China regards the resulted in no harm to his majesty. A fh2? n<Yî!f2lï.ihl	ameud*
5.56 P.M	From	Parry	Sound.	Eganville, Ren- march of the allies	on Pekin	as an	man	broke through a line of policemen	uîkè place at the Town nall.hnho'vdVuge !#
fr*w, Aruprioraud intermediate points.	unfriendly act, if not	tantamount	to a	as the shah was leaving his apartments	Shawville, at the houroften in theraornlng,
ed	bnt ai soon as hie intention was divined	haY,n* takon cognizance
11 Unless tha-4K)wers promptly assure the police disarmed him before he was amount of hi* t* xeato the undersign ed ’ at the imperial authorities that they do not	able	to fire. At the police station the	bis efflee within the twenty days following
intend to do more than	release the	min-	man	expressed régi et that he had been	uou2?.ld del*y oflb,rty daya wil“oul farther
isters and the other foreigners, the Chi-j unable to carry out his intentions. He Given at Rbawvllle this seventeenth day ness regulars will be ordered to oppose said ; 44 This is an diair between me and of Ju,F> nineteen hundred.^ MA E8
the invaders. There is no other course n y conscience. ’	i Sec.-Treasurer,
Shawville-
Frame are New Coverings are New
. Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
^^mm	%
What’s the use of making a stump speech every time you try to sell a
Sideboard,
Extension Table,
Dining-room Chair,
Kitchen Table Kitchen Chair,
Bedstead,
Show the products of the best manufacturers,—they do their own talking.	)
I
Public Notice.
Middle and Western Divisions.
Bedroom Suite, Spring Mattress, Wool Mattress Parlor Table, Hall Rack, or Lounge ?
)
t

a—Train* running daily except Sun-lay, b—Sunday only.
CUTHBEIjTSQN, CRAIfAM & ELLIOTT,
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot, Russell House Block.
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
Ticket* to Europe and all parte of the world by all American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook's
Sours.






I



:





\


i




• ,-ei \ J




!





.5










