###PAGE###1###
Supplement to the SHAWVILLE EQUITY
VOL. I.
OTTAWA, JULY, 11J02.
No. L
JUST a few LEAVES
AtJTUM
OgÜvie’s____
Hungarian
Flour
Qco. C. Roc
J. H. Gervin,
>- y. Tr
<
rul M ui.itr
from a Forest

The Baldwin
of Values.
t

We have been buying all the really desirable
Iron and Steel Works

LIMITED
N.
f
/
.
h
Machinists and Founders
À
kit

Watches, Jewellry, Silverware, Clocks, Etc , Etc
Suitable for this Season's 1 racle.
We invite you to inspect our assortment.
W e le td in our Optical Department. You can consult our Optician free.

k
;
X
I

Large Assortment of Patterns

u
The
World’s Best Family


e
X

Mill Machinery and Repairs

1
X
I

X
if
il
N. B
W
Steamfltting a Specialty
I
II

il :
H
OLMSTED HURDMAN,
l

\
PMS
mm
M
Our New Found»y in full operation
Up to-date.
aw
î*
67 SPARKS St., OTTAW^.
I
By Special Appointment Millers to
H. R. H THE PRINCE OF WALES.
INSURE1 IN
t
S ÊM

Phone 152
txv.

I
The Two Leading Colleges.
'
m
i Ml

m
I NEW MANUFACTURES SuhdingSL^
-Avv‘* - Ercctc.d 1898 GroundFi00^ Spacc 41,540
I
TORONTO
«S3F

S
Each Specializing in One Department.
Shorthand and Typewriting
Course.
The Principal and Assistant Teachers
of the
c*ir
f T '
QR
Business Course

» - Vs

The Principal and Assistant Teachexs
of the
Exposition
Sept, I to 13,1902,
Ottawa. Ontario.
the legislative, political and national ever increasing network of our centre of the country, the focus domestic railway system, and the toward which converge all the great ! constant improvement and augmen-interests,agricultural, financial, edu tation in the advantages afforded cational and otherwise, it is easy to exhibitors throughout the land have note the progressive strides that drawn all parts and all elements of Canada has made during the past i the country closer together, and third of a centurx
CENTRAL CANADA EXHIBITION GAZETTE
Metropolitan Business
Ottawa Business College
ORME BALL
Authorized Capital Subscribed Capital
$500,000
200,000
This issue is published and edited by
M. T. Haldane for the Central Canada Exhibition Association.
COLLEGE
OTTAVV
W. E. <;OVVUNi;, Principal,
44 BANK ST
OTTAWA
S. T. WILLIS, Principal,
Give their whole time and attention to instruction in Shorthand, Typewriting AND ALLIED SVBJKiTS.
New Buildings. New Attractions
EXCURSIONS ON ALL LINES
Entries Close Aug. 9th.
4 entrai Canada Exhibition, 1902.
/^VNE of the leading events of each summer, as far as our
Decidedly the have so effaced distances and oh
Give their whole time and attention to instruction in Bookkeepinc
SHIP AND ALLIED SUBJECTS.
A purely Canadian Company.
Issues all classes of personal Accident and
Sickness I n su ranee.
Penman
greatest vantage point from which stades, that the centre of the Do* to take in all the changes, improve- minion, the heart, as it were of our ments and advancements is the entire federal system, has been

These popular Schools, located u ithin a stone’s throw of each other, are affiliated with the Business Educators’ Association of Canada, and are the ONLY Eastern Ontario representatives of the Federated Business Colleges of Ontario, Limited.
If interested in a Stenographic Course send for Catalogue of the METROPOLITAN Business College; if the Business Course, address the OTTAWA Business ( "< >llege.
For Prize List and all information
Dominion is concerned, is the great Federal Halls of Parliament Central Canada Exhibition held at next, certainly, as an observatory of furthest extremities Ottawa
but brought within call and touch of the
Hence it is address
DENIS MURPHY, President
H. K. EGAN, Vice-President.
H. J. HILL,
Manager, Toronto
On all sides, and in the ibis character is the Exhibition that while Ottawa Iras heretofore
proportionately augmented in im-
behold that centre ol portance with all other parts of W- K‘ McNACGHT
Canada, the time has arrived when	President
A. J. PARR, 2nd Vice President.
Grounds
various spheres of industry and activity the figures representing the dates of that Exhibition become ob-
J O H N EMO, General Manager
We have noTnanchen in Eastern Ontario
J. P. DICKSON, Sec'ry-Treas
As	xv e
yearly attraction to-day, with all rts jccts not only of interest hut equally improved conditions, its increased	peculiar situation is about to
of calculation. This year the last facilities, anil its once undreamed of	an impetus to t ne Capital that
week of August has been selected, advantages, the mind can easily "bl, of necessity, make it outstrip and from the 22nd to the 30th of figure the days of the County Show a11 olher centres of the country that month, under the auspices of Fair, the gathering together, at Seeing and knowing these facts and promise heretofore unknown to the stated periods, of the pioneer tillers observing these conditions, the promoters of and participators in of the soil and the earlier artisans di;ectors ot the Central Canada that grand central event, the people and masters of infant manufactories; Exhibition have, for fourteen years of the Dominion will have ample and the influence and effect ot their p«*st, been straining every nerve to opportunity of enjoying and profit- displays upon the x\ hole developing meet the requirements of the future, ing by the countless attractions and community cannot be now fully and bave been enabled to reach such advantages that a really superior estimated, since, in presence of the
nted Districts
fl.fl. Bameimes
Re
There must be_
Exceptional flerit W. C. EDWARDS & GO.,
LIMITED
NEW EDINBURGH MILLS
&60.
Goods that
ontinue to grow in favor day by day and year alter year in the face of the keenest competition

Manufacturers of
There must be more value to the consumer in such goods than can he found in other makes coming into competition therewith. The phenomenal increase in the consumption of
1
Planes Actions and Keys
OTTAWA.
Lumber Merchants and Manufacturers.

a point in their affairs that they can, this year leap forward with a bound that will admit of no check and that may well challenge all co ^petition.
We, therefore, would bvg of the great Canadian public to carefully peruse the various brief articles that are to be found in this issue of the Central Canada Exhibition Gazette.
JAMIESON’S BISCUITS

S list
3

indicates clearly that they possess virtue not to be found in their compeli \\ hisper—The whole secret of success, of tlie marvelous increase in the demand therefor lies in the fact that none but the very best ingredients are allowed to enter into their make-up.
Rough & Dressed Lumber, Dimension Timber. Sash, Doors, Mouldings and Building
Material of all kinds.
INTERIOR HARDWOOD FINISH.
Bank Fittings, Church and Lodge Furniture,
Shop Fixtures, &c., made to order, Mantels, Grilles, Show Cases.
Write for Prices.
some
ors.
UNEXCELLED Machinery anil Workmanship enable* this l'ompany to produce the beet action in the Ma ket. Prompt repetition. elasticity an<l durability are the features of their manufacture.
Medals and highest Awards at Paris. Chicago and Canadian Exhibitions.
•Buyers should see that their pianos contain this ætion.

m
i j
v

and. to each one in particular would look for the heading and read the article concerning that in which you are most specially inter- | ested
R. E. JAMIESON
Wholesale Biscuit Manufacturer 534 lo 538 WELLINGTON ST , OTTftUJR
sav

a-?, and 91 Niagara Street,
y
There are changes and improvements in each and all of the ,
and there is not an 1 h6 f$6£t P60pl6
N B

a I w
Goods
departments
element in our immense cosmopoli- BlllJ th6 B6bt tan population that will not find some paragraph affecting its special


H. LAMONTAGNE & Co.
"
I hey always buy
Jersey Cream Yeast Cakes.
...	. Jersey Cream Baking
TI will he seen by the Programme	Powdôf
¦1 for 1902, that the Central Can- SCCicll TcdS
ida Exhibition Association has de- I SQCIdl Coff66^ elded upon holding this year’s exhl- j o ;_i bition, at Ottawa, during the last |	vULOd,
week of August — from the 22nd to OOCIâl DTE&KT&St
Goods.
All Guaranteed to be
THE BEST.
C
interests
Wholesale flanufacturers and Exporters of
AN EARLIER PERIOD
t
BELL BOY
Collars,
Saddles,
Fitted Up
Vali Satchels. Travel ling
Bell Boy is a rich chestnut, without vice ot blemish. He was bred by Ur. Seward Webb of Shelburne Farms, Vermont, and has realized all the hopes and expectations of his Breeders. His sire and dam lout of two of the most noted sires in England) were iinerted by Hr Webb. The Breeders’ motto having been. 44 to have a large horse with both high action and speed combined.” Bell Boy diows both of these, being a high actor with a free and easy gait, and if properly mated should produce a gissl harness horse. Owned by Ur. J. Watson, Howick, Que.
-3___________
pfFiii
ipitttmfltiffi
:	-r . : „ ;	' - - ¦ -
J&T Bell,Fine Footwear
Mo
Blanket*,
:

Importers of and Wholesale Dealers in
:
the 30th of that month. The prin cipal reason for the selection of this unusually early date is the weather. For some tourteen years the Ottawa
Leather, Shoe Findlnos & Sdiieru Hardware.
1902 flotre-Dame Street,
MONTREAL..
Ottawa floencu. J. M. flcCANN, Queen Street.
7
e» »

8
slid

d
exhibition always affords. The rea- ; sons which prompted the directors of the Central Canada Exhibition to select such an unusually early period are many and impôt taut and will constitute the subject of a separate article to follow.
For the present, and before entering into the details cone# ning the pecial advantages afforded to exhibitors this year, the increased facilities secured for all who puipo>e either taking active part in the displays or enjoying the sights that will be offered, and the varied departments as xvtll as the value of the prize list, we will have a wor 1 to say concerning the subject of exhibitions in general, and of this great Central Canadian Annual Fair in particular Let us not forget j that this will be the fifteenth annual exhibition held by the present Association. To metely refer to the i various exhibitions of the world and j to detail the story of each one in particular would necessitate a large i volume, nor would it be an easy 1 matter to impress the reader with
Lumsden Bros.


Toronto and Hamilton.
.
John T.Hacar, Proprietor
to
o
The Bank of Ottawa :
W. Scott & Co.

w pi
5" »
o. a
5* °*
n 0
% a
ft a
rjî QFQ
11
8 5
f

=
ro
F
V
*1
'Ji
CAPITAL (fuliy p;Jd up) $2,000,000
REST
»

FILLERS AGENTS ^ Wholesale dealers in Flour, Grain, Feed. &c.
ft
o
3
1,765,000
»


3
BOARD OF DIRECTORS.
Hob. Oeo. B David MacLaren,
HEAD OFFICE, OTTAWA, Ont.
D. M. Finnic. Ottawa Mgr
BRANCHES.
C
s
3
Charles Magee. President Alex. Fraser
mon,	Gvo. Has. Vice-President
John Ma*her. Penis Murphy
»*
Z>
Q.
n
75 Queen St., Ottawa.
3
to
Geo. Burn. General Mgr
L. C, Owen, Inspecting Officer,


3
•-»
X
X
Alexandria, Ont Arn prior.
Awn more, Braeebrid Var'eton Cobden,
Dauphin. Man. Granby, Que.
Hawkesbury, Ont Hull, Que. Keewatin. Ont.
Kempt ville, Ont Lanark, Out l.aehute. Que. Matfawa, i*nt. Montreal. Quo. North Bay, Out. Ottawa. Ont.
Pembroke, Ont.
Portage Laprairie. Man Hat Portage, Out. Renfrew.
Shawininan Falls, Que. Smith’s Falls, Ont.
T oronto.
Vunklcek Hill, ** Winchester Winnipeg. Man.
to
o
WE MAKE
Cfi
3>
Jge.
Place. Out
¦o
ORNAMENTAL IRON
WORK FOR BANKS
p

s »
F
3
o
Bank Street Rideau Street Somerset Street Parry Sound, Out.
d
Not k of the North of Stc-Anrc'f, No 9997,
Is owned by Jos. Y mil A Sons, ( 'arleton Place, Out Sweepstake Ayrshire Hull ut several Exhibitions.
Cu
77
« o
& n
rt P w a4
X
CD
o
mil is
C/D
o
New York—Agents Bank of Montreal. National St-Paul—Merchant’s National Bank.
London- Parr s Bauk Limit* d.
Boston-National Bank of the Republic. Colo- France—Comptoir Nat. d’Kscoinpte de Paris niai Na ional Bank. Mass National Bank India, China and Japan—Chartered Bank of Chi' i.i'i Bank of Montreal.	India, Australia and Japan.
(t
Bank of Commerce, Mereh. National Bank
CO
OFFICES, INSTITUTIONS, DWEbblNGS,
o
d

ft
Guards
Fire Escapes, Wire
show has come in after that at Toronto, with the result that rain and wind have combined to mar the best prospects and to obstruct in many ways the success, the complete enjoyment, and the great attractive ness of the exhibition. In order not to clash w ith other cities in Ontario,
THE EXHIBITION OF 1902.
1 he Cars of the
Wire Cloth and Screens for Mills, Mines and Buildings

TIME and LABOR.


- -,
IRON FENCING,SrC.
V %

Ottawa Electric Railway
i

)

Install an Elevator In your Store or Factory
exhibition during the stormy anti i We Make a Full Line of Hand Elevators
damp period ot the equinox. To	and Dumb Walters
avoid this decided drawback the
last week of August has been '	Besides
chosen
very exceptional weather of the pre sent year, scarcely a week of sunshine from March to July, and not three entirely fine days in all June, it would seem almost providential that this decision was reached ;
the Capital was forced to hold its
4 4
CATALOGUE
GEO. B. MEADOWS, WIRE, IRON & BRASS Go.. Limited, Toronto.
COMPANY
* t
* V A
i
Run at frequent intervals between all parts of the Ciiy, the
Kailway Depots and the Exhibition Grounds
Also to the Beautiful Pleasure Resorts.....
\ Y h e n
consider the BELTED, ELECTRIC and HYDRAULIC |
ELEVATORS.
Write us for an estimate and tell us your requirements.
we

I FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLARS 1
v


$50,060 daily.
ictory Milk Skimmed daily by m
an early period. In all human pro | M 0	| U fl 0 (J I I
bability the end of August will be ex-	*	*
ceedingly fine. Then the time, apart from weather considerations, is most suitable for the agricultural element. Between the grain and corn harvestings there is always a lapse of ten or fifteen days, and fre
an adequate idea of the influence for vast proportions and unlimited re- 4lient jy ot more, when it is very good operated on all sides by these suits of the present day exhibition, eas* tor 1 1e tarmmg section ot the gatherings of the best and most we are too much inclined to under- community to attend to the displays valuable products of human indus- value the local show of the by-gone. a,H t.° x 1Mt | 1,lt grand umxeisity o! try and human invention. But, in But the show fair of twenty-five PraclKal education for such a a limited degree, all of us can recall years ago was the cradle of today’s { loroiig i exhibition really is. I iu the changes that have been effected, exhibition. There may he larger ponder is that this step had not year after year, in our own imme cities, more extensive agricultural een taken > ears ago ; hut it is bet
diate surroundings. Standing here districts, more thickly populated tvr IUMX 1 lan 1,1 the tuUire* X verN I in the Capital of this vast Dominion, sections of the Dominion, but the
!
De L VAL CREAM SEPARATOR
Britannia-tn-tlic-Bau and Rcckhtle Park.
To Canadian Dairymen.
FLO
B cd by James Lcask
i
ELEVATOR MANUFACTURING Co
Toronto, Ont.
only in tin* l tilled Staves, but all over thv ndixidunl factory man or crv.unvr> ivmjenjr. properlv nf ran <1 ami managing	-- - .	¦ ssfully in tin- fa «¦
ska* p l p to Date Dairying compel i ion. th .t i- not now exclusivity u»i« g
roBs an i mu>t carefully -hunt ing art other makes. Out of ex t rv hundred vr*-vi t -sties of Separators to factory men. 95 Alphas g.» in. I hit k of it * The preference accorded to Alphas by factor} tnen amounting to 95 of the total d< tnaml !
Among the many rva-ons of t hi- -tat. of thing-, one is that a ^paratar being a machine w.tendid to -carat, tht • ream *»r butter fat funm milk, the patmn> in>ist on having tU*-ir milk skimmed with the ma« hiue that does this xx rkof sépara* ioi the best ; they will not submit to the heavy los-.es that tin ehoi* e of the wn>ng -« pamior i- -tm to bring.
a- a fat torx pair n won <i not submit to. you «an and <»id t he sell tnfli« tion of. by making the right choice.
hrvxx tl elder- in tin* dairy line and get the
>T only in Van.-.da xvo! Id. ther
N
t

JH
»t
Winner of First Prize as two year old Grade Short Inn n Heifer, and the Hallidny Silver Cup valued at	ns best animal any ago or
breed, at Ptovincial Fat Stock and Dairy Show at Guelph, 1IXni. Bred, Fe«l and Exhibited by Mr. .lames Leask, ( irevnbatik. Ontario.
1
,A#

Kela Tonic Wine ! 1iÂ*
A
v

z
.7

1ND
m

V
ASK

< t Kola Velvry and Pepsin is the g eutest tonic and ap IH-li-. r. is a positive cure f «i stoma* h trouble of any kind Also reeommvnded for Ai-th ma. Liver complaints. Von *ti pal ion and txhvum itism.
Pliysieians recommend it ahead of all ot hers.
For sah* at the leading hole - and Drug St on s.
Manufactured only by the
II YUILNIK Koi.a Vo..
84 < Imreh St.. ^’orvnto, Van.
I



«it

I
Xuxr. XX hat V oil
-hall, ti > doubt, a
Kola,xx the foot -i
Alpha.
f For It
i

!
¦
your hands before try mg an nly U t «• pleased to send on* trial for eight day i their actual ex i in C atalogue to Is had on application
Ik w are
ha: another -••lumtor
la xl
pinion and do t W e are prepared
hould sj
If a
Alpha.
of onr 4 t|»ha
« ti your farm. They can ry day tine w ork. They
r
!

1
1

Kal»> i ream *«-p:tralor»

ha
«•IU*
get no better eoiuu
excel 1 on any ami every point, a- expiait
General Ela stern Canadian Agents
CANADIAN O tIRY SUPPLY Oo , 327 Com miseioners St, Montreal.
l
Is

KOLA NUT


I
«y
A> it apnea iu the 1\mI
v
Continued on page 4
< <t ? W
6629
###PAGE###2###


ESTABLISHED 1852

WILSON’S
HIGH
GRADE
SCALES
»
4
ARE THE BEST.
Magic Baking Powder. Glllet’s Pennine Lue. Imperial Bakina Powder. Glnet's Greain Tartar
à
z

CALCIUM CARBIDE
		
»
<
Highest Medals at Paris, France, Chicago and 32 Canadians Fairs.
100 Styles for Railroads, Coal Dealers, Grocers, Butchers
and Grain Dealers.
GET SPECIAL PRICE LIST
Acetylene Supplies.
A. Holland <Sc Son
338 Sparks St., Ottawa.
hUlITeLECTRIC Ca
tr
EASY TERMS
C. WILSON & SON,
TORONTO, Ont
'The Dowd Milling Co.
LIMITED
Manufacturers of High Grade Flour
Patent Hungarian, Comos, Strong Bakers’, High Loaf Special, Lily, Rolled Oats, Oatmeal
and Cornmeal.

or flowers. It is not necessary to be an accomplished botanist to understand the beauty of the vast varieties of Canadian plants. This year it has been decided to make a special feature of the floral display, and arrangements have, in accordance, been made to astonish all who frequent the Exhibition with the varied and unique picture, in its frame-work ot leaves, fashioned with the flowers of the country. Ottawa is justly famed for its magnificent scenery, its gorgeous landscapes, its mighty cataract, varied prospect extending to horizon’s limits, and its superb gothic pile towering above all that combination of hill and flood and valley. But away in the recesses of those hills, or down in the verdant depths of those undulating valleys peeps the tiny and lovely objects of nature, the flowers that send forth their fragrance and that enchant the eye with their beauty There, at the great Central Exhibition will these choice objects of creation be entwine’d, and garlanded, and arranged in form and in manner to charm the eye and awake the admiration of all.
decidedly in past years there have been grand and interesting exhibits in this class. In addition to the more convenient situation of the portion ot the building selected for the ladies’ exhibition of work, glass cases have been secured under which all the smaller wares, samples of lacework, of fancy sewing, &c., will be secure from the dust and from the handling that frequently is unavoidable, and which tends to deteriorate the value of the goods. We are confident that the ladies will appreciate the improvement. In former years the lighter and more delicate work was hung upon lines directly over the tables, and could not be closely inspected without a risk of injury from careless handling, and could not remain long without the further danger of coloring from dust. We cannot too strongly insist upon the advantages that are to be derived in general from the proper encouragement of home or domestic ladies’ work. And, there is no element more calculated to encourage the. manhood of the country than that consisting of the wives and mothers, daughters and sisters of our enterprising and successful men.
hold these night performances grander scale than ever, and, each evening, the winding up will consist ot a magnificent display of fireworks.
LIVE STOCK ACCOMMODATION
on a


i
F there is one point above another
jSS*—
88k L

upon which the Central Canada
Association can pride
New and unique devices in Exhibition pyrotechnics will amuse and delight itself it is the the vast concourse of citizens, and each and all will return home full of happiness and with a sense of en-
itfc'

splendid and unequal 1 ed accom m od at ion an d at t end , ^rc.	^
ance for the live stock. Not atone | '-'mces at Ottawa & Pakenham, Ont.. Quyon & Waterloo, Q. couragement to return again, or, at foTthÎspLlaî^urpo^bu^allofn	Warehouses at Ottawa, Ont , Waterloo, Que.
east, to have others go, on their the care given and the food supplied.
ix7L-?e’ , 6	Performances. | iu fact there is almost no need for us
While all these side attractions have to dwell upon this special phase of
their varied importance, we must the Exhibition, not forget that the sports will constitute another loadstone to draw thousands to the Fair.

¦
--ft Mk
Grounds




Mills at Quyon, Que., Pakenham, Ont.
Connections—P.P.]., O N. & W., C.P.R. C A R., C.T.R.,
O. & N Y.





- - ^
since all, who have had the experience in years gone past, are unanimous and spontaneous in their admiration and appreciation of the facilities and accommodations to be found here for their
Shipments—Rail or Water.
Ask for Quotations. Mixed Cars, Car Loads or less.
its
Shoot the Chute
You miss the best part of your trip to the Exhibition unless you visit
THE SPORTS.
THE QUEEN’S PARK, AYLMER
live stock. The stalls are covered
M° exhibition is complete with- over whh roofing that forms the
out its quota of sports. This floor of rooms for the sleeping con-year unusually large purses have venience of those in charge of the been secured for both trotting and animals. The person who has care
Every effort has of the food—hay, oats and fodder— been made to induce the owners of remains continually on the ground, fast horses to make Ottawa a centre and is bound by contract to supply for their outings. In this connec- the exhibitors, or their representation we would draw the special at- tives, with all the food needed, of tention ot the proprietors of racing whatsoever quality desired, and at
With Its Water Shiite,
ifyntlr N
rlfth Naze
Nerry-*o-ronn<l,
INSIDE AND OUTSIDE SHOULD BE
Promenade Pier,
Ron I In je and Picking
SSSS52kSS ! s-ws set ssbaab
HOMES
PAINTED WITH THE PAINT MADE BY
Don’t go home before you “ Shoot the Chute.”
running races.
The
(Canada
Paint
Company
Obi
• STEVENS FAVORITE N*I7
104 & 106 Bank St., Ottawa
KETCHUM & CO.
THE ART EXHIBIT
IjOSSI BLY the most interesting
^ and certainly the most, highly
educational as well as exceptionally beneficial section of the entire programme is that of the proposed Art Exhibit. It is intended to hold, this year, a monster exhibition of the choicest works ot art to be lound in the Province of Ontario. All the leading artists of the
SPECIAL ATTRACTIONS.
ITHOUT special attractions
no exhibition can be an entire
success in our day. There is always a large portion ot the public that is either not specially interested in the various exhibits, or that has not the time to devote to a day visit to the grounds, or that is attracted only by those displays and circuslike events that create enthusiasm— especially in the young. This year the number of novel and exciting features that have been placed the programme and that are considered in the highest degree magnetic for the masses of the people, is certainly beyond the ordinary, nor do we think any other exhibition of this year can surpass Ottawa in the variety and unique character of these special attractions For example, Schreyer, the marvellous bicyclist of the age has been booked, along with three other artists in this line who perform amazing feats. Schreyer is leader in the “ cycle daggle,” a most difficult feat. His great feat is a dashing ride on a raised platform seventy feet away and forty feet below. Webb’s performing seals have been secured also the great Martinette family of acrobats, and Bernice and Nata the funny water specialists just from Europe. Prof E. R. Hutchison, the ballonist, has also been engaged and with a companion will ^ive a double parachute drop.
The military spectacular that will be put on is “ The Burning of Moscow,” based on that great historic event about a century ago after the march of Napoleon with half a million men right into the very heart of
w
IMPORTERS AND DEALERS IN
Limited.
Examine the Label carefully and to
Guns, Rifles. Ammunition,
prevent disappointment and worry, ask for their established Brands
r. K >
Shooters Requisites,
v 4* t
Bicycles and Sporting
“PRISM” “ELEPHANT ” “STAG.”
*
Goods of every
*
Description.


province will contribute to the grand display. This is such an important question, especially in view of the recent movement for the encouragement of Canadian art and artists, that we will devote a few graphs to the subject.
As in every new country the fostering of art must necessarily give place to the rude labors of pioneer progress and the commercial development of the land, so in Canada it is only within recent years that our artists are becoming known and recognized abroad. But, unfortunately with art, as with literature, the field of encouragement limited, exist,
UjF played it there is not an appréciatif l*ve public and a fair market for the Production of such labor, the artist cannot subsist, must turn to other avenues of advancement, must seek out other means of livelihood, and as a consequence, art itself suffers. The aim of the directors of the Exhibition is to
THe Biggest Dealers in
Canada.
More SOLID LEATHER to the Foot than any other BELT MADE.
l
on
)W

Illustrated catalogues of your favorite sport free
tt
para-
I tÿCUÏL OZcUaA oWf,
«
1 Elastilite Varnish I
Scott i
Pearl, No 13472.
&
Name, Scotties Pearl. 13472 ; sire Harcourt of B Scottie of P. H : owner, Robert R. Ness, Ho wick, Que.
She was the First Prize 2 year old heifer and Sweepstakes female at the Pan American Exposition, Buffalo, 1901.
V
dam, Lady
• t
%

S
\
i
Has stood the test of the Canadian climate from the Atlantic to the Pacific for bpth inside and outside
L
and trotting horses to the statement current market prices
Cheaper,
of facts in connection with the better, and more suitable accommo-article on live stock and the accom- dation exist nowhere on this con-modations therefor in another col- tinent, and the owners of live stock
umn of this publication. It can can have their animals fed and cared
safely be anticipated that never be- for just as if they were in the stalls fore had we a fairer display ot fast of their own stables at home horses than the one that will be seen fact, we will go so far as to say that, on the courses during the last week in many cases, the treatment of the of August, 1902.
i

is very
aM!
In vain does the
genius
in vain the talents are dis-
7s

Vi
“ GENUINE OR " English Tanned Leather Belling. English Card Clothing.
mill Furnishings of Eoerg Description.
W *-#
In
m*
STOCK DEPOT 131 Bau Sî, Toronto
D. K. MCLAREN
Head Office and g Factory, Montreal.
10th ANNUAL STATEMENT OF THE
York County Loan and Savings Company
(INCORPORATED i
Of Toronto, Canada, December 31, 190I.
In tins only from pints to 1 gallon sealed with our brass
name.

animals is superior to that which can be given them on the ordinary farm. This alone is a source of
cap bearing our
Ask your dealer.
1
encourage in a practical manner the painters and architects, and all those whose artistic talents would lead them, with a fair opportunity, to impart a stimulus to Canadian art.
this object the very best works of
MANUFACTURED BY
great encouragement, and should be a strong inducement tor stockbreeders to come to the Ottawa Exhibition.
The Imperial Varnish and Color Co. Ltd., Toronto, Ont.
IV TO exhibition has ever surpassed * ^ in regularity and attractiveness, tor years back, that of the Ottawa Experimental Farm. This farm has been a veritable college of agricultural and farming education for the people of the Ottawa valley and of the Dominion at large. While it is not possible tor every person interested in scientific farming to visit the Experimental Farm, it is within the power of each one who comes to the Exhibition to realize from the magnificent display made, what the work and the improvements done at that farm really are
this year the exhibit will outstrip any heretofore presented to the public of Canada, and that is saying far more than can be imagined in its importance to those whose interests are bound up in the varied changes and advanced steps made and taken in this all importaht branch of our native industries.
In order to attain
Stewart Cgl Co
THE MACHINERY HALL

T7EW people,
in this department, can form an idea^of the expense that the Association has from time to time incurred in order to meet the requirements of those interested in the displays of machinety. Additions have been made to the hall that was found too restricted in space as the years went past and the exhibits increased. Special arrangements were made for the better accommodation of all concerned, and the result is that Ottawa possesses to-day the very best hall, tor the proper and beneficial exhibition of machinery, that exists in Canada. However, we do not expect this year to have as great a rush as formerly, but what will be placed in the hall will decidedly be ot the very best and newest. In fact it would be more exact to style it an exhibition of agricultural plements. Heavy machinery, especially when in action, necessitates exceptional large and solid edifices, and we have found that it is in the
CLOSELY a,,ied With farmi"S. mentsU,ttUhat
^ and now inseparable from it, interested In fact no better adver-is the Dairy. For some years back tising medium exists for the stupendous efforts have been made facturers of these necessary articles, in Canada, especially by the differ- The farmers of the country who ent provincial governments, to so stitute the sole purchasers of agri-improve our dairy produce, and so cultural machinery and implements, augment the facilities for butter- have not the time, nor can they making, and we may add cheese- afford the money, to travel around manufacturing, that to-day we find from one town to another, to our people on a footing of equality amine and select the best aud most with Denmark and other famous useful, as well as most improved dairy-produce countries of Europe.
Our output commands good and ever increasing prices in the European markets, and this is due, not alone to the cold-storage system of late adopted, and consequent perfection in methods of shipping, but also to the new means brought into vogue tor the better utilizing of all
the materials at our disposal. Hence the increase in the variety and cellence of the exhibits, and equally,
in the interest and attractiveness of they curtail and eventually destroy the same. We can predict, with their own market |ln order to meet the de- confidence, a display of dairy pro-
not even exhibitors
•9
34 RIDEAU ST., OTTAWA.
ASSETS
m r
LIABILITIES.


The World listens when Leaders
Speak.
This is as true of the furniture business as of Statecraft. Naturally we've considerable
Mortgage Loans on Real Estate Real Estate ................
Loans on this Company*» Stock Accrued Interest...
$°4«.954
5*3.955
3
in

Dividends credited


37.C79 34
*6*
I 60 5 To
T3
rt*

Advances to Borrowers. Taxes. Ini
•*77 » 14 42,^75 4#

Borrowers* Sinking Fund
su ranee. See
4-ir


: y. _ j.-ff-rWffiffTTi
3.136 74 •»°5° 97 6.690 93
*7,4«8 43 9,774 47
Furniture and Fixtures The M oison *s Bank... Cash on hand .

45,000 00 1 ,'.39» *3



pride in being leaders in our business. Quite a strong pression, but quite easily proven—the furniture, the prices to be the evidence, You to be both Judge and Jury.

Total Liabilities
$ 1,282,808 at»
Total Assets
$1,282,808 26
Thomas G. A.
V. ROBIN. Treasu
\LSsr}Auditorm*

ex-
1,;
JOSEPH PHILLIPS. President.


I

We have been assured that
V ' %
7 **
i
R. H. SANDERSON. Building Inspector
HEAD OFFICES : CONFEDERATION LIFE BUILDING.
/
-


1
TORONTO, ONTARIO.

71

X

GOME, IN AND BE CONVINCED.
STEWART (& Co
34 RIDEAU ST.. OTTAWA.
V
k, ,
IAN05
y
1
**> 1
WITH

•9
A

Brampton's Monarch, Imported, 52866

eputation
un-
4
Jer»ey Bull, Brampton’s Monarch Imp. No. 52866 Photo taken when bull was eighteen months old, when he won the sweepstakes at
the Toronto Exhibition.
He was bred on the Island of Jersey and his dam* Canada’s Queen Imported, won first prize over the Island twice before being imported and has since won the swee;.stakes twice in Toronto. Brampton’s
Monarch is the sire of the championship bull and heifer at Central Canada Exhibition in 1901.
Owned and exhibited by B. H. Bull & Son, Brampton, Ont.
DYEING, CLEANING LAUNDRY AND PINT 10ÜGKS.
THE DAIRY EXHIBIT.
?» F -, B»., ifcj- If	^£J	-r :
dBL ^
Dyeing.
Ladies and Gents wearing-a p pa re 1 dyed to look like new.
It pays
To buy a Piano with a Reputation. Other Pianos may be good, but there is a doubt. There is no doubt whatever as to the ity of the following Pianos.
Mat Depart-
ment- '
Lambskin Mats r Sleighrobes, Boas, « Trimming, Dusters, 1 Etc., manufactured • for the trade by original improved method.
Prices right.
Specialties-
keathers cleaned. & curled. Kid (doves cleaned.
tSt*Æ
OTTAWA
manu
superior-



• •
Cleaning
Wearing-apparel ft a n d If o u sebold Ss Goods cleaned.
con


7*- ' 4
-
an
art in Ontario will be gathered into Russia. A battle between the Rus a splendid display, and the artists sians and French is portrayed, also will have the two-fold advantage of the arrival of Napoleon and his men bringing their works under the eye at the gates of the capital. The ot the public and of securing remun- spectacle of the destruction of the erative sales for their paintings and city is said to be grander and drawings. The opportunities for awe-inspiring than any yet put sales will be all the greater inas- During the battle just before the much as the Exhibition Association entrance of the French army there can dispose of these works of art at will be one of those incidents that wholesale or rockbottom prices, made the great Napoleon the idol of asking no percentage and no special his soldiers advantage such as ordinary dealers would require. This feature alone is one that will tend to enhance beyond calculation the merits of the Exhibition of 1902.
-STEINWfW NORDHEIMER , .
Mason & Risch lyEEs
* Gerhard

beautifully

wejnguemung


„ .
UUM
Works
[
-A.
fUt
Laundry.
Superior Work guaranteed.
ex-
$

more on.
machines. They all come, however, to the Exhibition, and there they can, at leisure, and without loss of money or time, make their selec lions ; and it stands to reason that they will select from what they see before them, rather than from what they find in catalogues or what agents explain to them. It is, therefore, most essential to the manufac-
I
Highest Class Work at Popular Prices.
R. Parker & Sons, Props. 36(^Parks st-
We pay Express one
T

4CRHAW
Helntzman
AND
way on Parcels amounting to $2.00 or over.
Mendelssohn
Every Time a Key is Touched...
NIGHT PERFORMANCES.
I
N 1895 it was found that

a great
hulk of the population, whether
account of being kept at work all day, or for other reasons, could not find ample time to attend the Exhibition
turers of these goods to have the best possible exhibits — otherwise
ex-
T
HFSF are the great makers we represent. Our prices and terms are most reasonable. If you are interested, send a post card and full information as to styles and prices will be given.
on
On the Underwood Typewriter you see whether or not _______
Jt was the one you intended using. Think what this means—no lifting \Y7E need scarcely dwell upon the
of the carriage, no straining of the eyes, rapidity, accuracy, and a pleas W attraction for the ladies in
ing arrangement of the letter, invoice, statement or whatever work is
in hand —The Underwood is a perfect machine. You ought to po one.
LADIES FANCY WORK. Ac.
This does not saem to have come home as yet to the manufacturers in its true light ; but the hour is at hand when those who decline to exhibit will find the field of their operations and business occupied by the few who have the ordinary good judgment to take advantage of the opportunity that the Exhibition offers. Notwithstanding
d. L. ORME & Son,
ssess
Sole
Dealers
Creelman Bros, Typewriter Go,
ESTABLISHED 41 YEARS.
15 Adelaide St., East Toronto.
189 Sparks Street, Ottawa.


X.
###PAGE###3###
The Breeding in Canada of Horses for Army Use
the lack of enthusiasm, and even of common appreciation of all the Association has done and all the expenses it has incurred, on the part of some former exhibitors, we can honestly claim that the select Exhibition of Agricultural Implements this year will repay, many fold, the visits of the farming community to the hall.
hibitors to grow those varieties that the managing committee saw fit to put on the list—a very proper method provided that the committee look well into the question of varieties and admit only those that are best suited to the district or county where the exhibition is held the best varieties do not come to
s t a v
*Arb ar)d Ld<^ies ^uilAir^g.
mmmËËrnmm
have been cl.^elv watching ,h'"’°" ^ learned b> Britain alone ; all mill,ary nations
1887 the western nn i country is capable. After the visit of Colonel Ravenhill in I has been taken that will serve the
Æ.	I	efTect
number taker hv th v m,^n> !,rxt class cavalry horses. As however, beyond a limited As the exhibitors, most practically
zizsfèS “s ssst KÆÆ'iStSR r: •— - •- "—A, <*•-
The natural v 111‘”*îa''ces, more profitable lines of stock.	play, are anxious to have sufficient
s:££sr„""Ttr,fusts'i— »«wrp~*«» - «*
*4,nf!’ T'”H A
^rt^Tln^na'n^f "hew ÏT ^ey could be shipped from either Atlantic or Pacific been made that each one ^|U have	DOO SHOW.	A YOUNG GIANT.
E|£3nE§3:i§E
not be out of place. Vh v !rV	* ..c. ^'.n! * as.to	how the>'	niay be produced, will	in order not to lose the benefit	ot a j varied tastes of all its patrons, have	gross. Their goods are now a household	ties-	Potato growers know that
cavalry and mounted infantry. °	^	a,r-v ,st,nct	types as	required torartiiery,	display for effect, the large central	at considerable outlay and sacrifice	Y°rd from Quebec to the So°- Especially	there	are few judges such “rare
Government t^nadir*nh,°rse ^	he,d	in Toronto	in April,	.goo, the Dominion	conÇ has been divided into	three	of space, induced the Ottawa Kennel	and” Fruiî’sxTupd The “sàl’e of't het J “are	to be able to distinguish
XZf—--”dï*h-	Ewï-^æb	fT%
best’ o/Vlt thei^Chèrr/couKl’i !	be added to°- that tlle conscience of
Prizes, also a number of handsome S>'ri,'V ,"h.ich	a very larK.- sale. Potato exhibitors would need to be
especially in the Ottawa Valley. We may considerably more sensitive than
f,, .vjhaf ft*el)Vg ,s that the name those of live stock exhibitors if they ZZZZSgZSiïSZZJ	did	«*• «damage of the
wish to verify this a visit to their ware- .,ud£es inability to “ guess right.”
hoiwe and factory at 536-538 Sussex street,	LARGER PREMIUMS WANTED,
will more than convince you of what we pntatnpc ,ir#a {
say, namely, that it is indeed a Young r , S are Giant.	tor the same purpose
ties can be grouped into several quite distinct and recognized types, which really forms the bases of classification for commercial purposes. Why then would it not be better to offer a less number, but much larger premiums and encourage the introduction and growing of any variety, allowing varieties ot the same type to compete one against another ?
I his classification of potatoes has already been adopted by quite a number of agricultural associations, and seems to be meeting with a great deal of favor among potato growers.
Ottawa Valley farmers will no	your requirements
doubt recognize and avail themselves	!Bg|(	my stock in the rough blocks and
of the privileges that have this year	^ H	save a large amount of duty
been introduced, for the benefit of	H Î finished material and Owning my
exhibitors, into the prize list of the	Cutting and Polishing Plant I
Central Canada Exhibition, copies	m	f	am in a position to fill your orders
of which may be had by applying	cheaper and give you better value
to the secretary. The chief feature	than you can get elsewhere because
in connection with exhibits in the	__j^TT , fméÿ I manufacture and I am willing to
agricultural products department of	sell you for one profit, having
this exhibition will be the seed a£Tents to pay 1 will give you a discount of 10 per cent for cash on ready
made stock See my Exhibit at Exhibition.
DEERING to the RESCUË!
,4
Ü
w/Ajs *}
- A
' .>
?
rfV>
IW
v
J
Hut many of

S-

X



Some of them become within a few years after they have become sufficiently well known in a district to deserve a place on the prize list, and on this account it is not always advisable to stipulate the name of varieties.
t
run
NX


ut
f n

-"T
z
HORTICULTURAL DISPLAY

»ne
Â

..K. jiifri
PjH
Z
«
I
an
N the Horticultural Department there will be an immense improvement this year. In fact, a departure
v .^» r*
<x< * »
, # *
i
• •
W
More Names than Varieties
tt
Kmi
Again it is quite well known that there are many more names for potatoes than there are varieties—It is much easier for “would he” seeds men to invent new names for an old sort that to breed up a new variety. I hey must have something new to offer each year. To be able to discriminate between varieties of the
U
When Something goes Snap
3
y
1

ELrecteV 1899.
‘••V

on tbat hinder for which so much was promised, and there is an inforced halt in the midst of the busy harvest, the farmer instinctively turns to the Hearing fo
No crop is beyond harvesting when there
DEE RING IDEAL BINDER on the ground. It will cut,
elevate and bind any condition ot grain meet every requirement, and meet it satisfactorily
the all-round, ever-de pend able machine.
r succor, is a
It is built to
It is
Get a Deering Binder and you will be always ready for harvest.
The Deering Harvester Company controls the entire output of the Mann Manufacturing Co., Limited, of Brockville, Ont., and are prepared to supply the trade with the famous Mann line of Seeding and Tillage
machines.	**
mental will he combined with the useful, and neither will take from
Fhe Club is giving $ too in Cash and th
m

: rn
7
DEERING HARVESTER Co.
the other nor will they clash in any way. We feel confident that results . will justify us in saying that this ,s °Pen *°r competition, as is also
year’s horticultural exhibition will the Ottawa Cup, donated by J. G. be the finest in the history of the Kent, Esq., President of the Can-Association and probably that of adian Kennel Club ; in addition to
which all the different Specialty practical and more necessary than Clubs in Canada are going to add that which brings before the public Specials for their different breeds, eye the choice products of the gar den. All the word is interested in
' 3

medals
The $100 Inaugural Cup here sav
1 Ü
CHICAGO., U. S. A.
I, Toronto, London, Winnipeg,
World’s greatest manufacturers of Binders, Headers, Mowers, Reapers, Corn Binders, Corn Shockers, Huskers and Shredders, Rakes, Twine,.and Oil.
Send for DEERING ANNUAL to DEERING HARVESTER
MONTREAL, Que.
5 "'I
Montr
HT.

¦
practically all grown
All the vari-

Canada. There is no section more
hPORT FOR KINGS.
It is many years since as fine a pro-
All the prominent Canadian breed- F3"’ °f run"!"P and trotting races
this branch, and all pains taken, ers have notified their intention of biTpuTonTt La nsd ,uv n è ' Pa r V h y "he either by ex hibitors or by the Asso- exhibiting, and there will also be a Central Fair directors during the viation, carefully repaid.	number of dogs from the other side. Exhibition, August 2jnd to \oth
U r3t " i*




ROBERT BROWN

m

4h
y
-\«L ; xj

5

9
Cemetary Memorials.

facturer of
CARflAXDRA
T.	.	THE ARTILLERY HORSE. I
..mr, k	^ horse asked for by the army buyer is really a smart, active van or
1	norse on short legs, with plenty of bone and substance and enough quality to
2 ^y!ng P?Wer ,n f*\r'y faa* work. He should stand from ,5-2 to ,6 hands,
innhL« *	h,-n l'l°° w?"’ and measure at least 8 inches below the knee and 72
K'rth. I onsiderable variation m type is permissible, the work of the horse
demanding greater speed and therefore more warm blood than are necessary tor ordinary- field artillery, while in all batteries properly-horsed, the lead and centre
VJ 5l,gh,l>; taller and more rangy than the wheelers, the latter requiring greater strv*gth and substance. The first prize entry at Toronto last spring was of the lighter
sort, being .3 tact the pure bred Hackney mare «Cassandra.* She stood 16 hands, weighed 1,325 lbs. and girthed 76 inches. She measured 8# inches below the knee and 2° 4 inches round the arm ; from crest to withers 3b inches, withers to croup 29 inches, croup to tail, an important point in all military horses, 19 inches. Although in his particula. instance the prize went to a Hacknev, it does not, by any means, follow that gun horses should be either wholly or partly of that breed. They may be obtained y ,	“ JV ‘cious use of the Thoroughbred horse or mares of size, substance and action,
or by stinting good half-bred or strong roadster mares to a biggish Hackney or breedv coach sire.—So long as they show sufficient quality to ensure activity and endurance and at the same time meet the requirements as to size and substance, the question of pedigree is of secondary importance
If you want to buy your Marble and Granite Monuments and all kinds of Cemetery Memorials absolutely the lowest price and obtain the very best workmanship and material write to me and state
I import all
IE

at

4
i

on
y




no
potatoes and seed grains
Each ex
THE CAVALRY HORSE.
The cavalry horse is of a somewhat different type, and one at present too rare in L anada, owing to the preference shown by many light horse breeders for the American trotting sire, an animal possessing but few of the Qualities and characteristics of the •Nwliiiibisjy Si Kjlr	*.	-r—
Colonel Raven hill in his report says :—* A malformation in the Canadian horses which might advantageously be brought to the notice of breeders is that their quarters
are short and very drooping, a serious defect in a military horse. _____________
reject as unsuitable a considerable proportion on this account ; this is not only a great
dissight, but where a mounted soldier has to carry a kit on his horse's back it amounts to an insuperable objection ; it has arisen from the too extensive use of the American trotter for stud purposes, this defect being very apparent in that horse additional reason for the more continuous introduction of the English Thoroughbred, or such horses which are very straight in their backs and quarters, with tail set on high.'
To get good cavalry horses the Thoroughbred sire is almost indispensable, as in no other way can the lengthy rein, sloping shoulder, cféep chest, strong loin and long quarter so necessary in this class, be obtained with any certainty or regularity, reedom of movement is essential, but high action and great trotting speed are neither
required nor wanted. Horses of this class should stand not less than
than
Robert brown. 3t& ....... o......
aSSSBST* WILKINSON PLOUGH fc
a placard on their exhibits of seed, giving his name and address, the pedigree of the seed, the amount of seed tor sale, and the bushel
only give exhibitors of seed cellent opportunity to advertise their stock, but will make the exhibits much more interesting and instructive to the public in general, and will give some valuable information to intending purchasers.
_ _	... .	.	, How the Grain will be Judged.
Mr. Charles H. Mason, of New There will be a trotting race and a In the section for seed grain pro-
i" ire	rvs
in inflicting the most terrible agony upon	engaged at a big expense, the	Club	good purses the best race rs in the	accompanied with a	small sheaf
the most inoffensive persons, and dealing	being desirou* of doing all in	their	district are bound to be entered,	showing the full length	of straw with
churchyard, and our greatest intellects	and public alike.	,s a purse of $250 for 2.35 pacers	0f a variety from the	grain alone j
have been striving to rid the earth of his	........ and 2.32 trotters ; $300 purse for A good sample of grain may often
ai;
majesty of the law. To say that no one	d ,ntereslmg to specta- ters ; $400 purse for a free-for-all. not yield more than five bushels per
escapes from his clutch is a mistake, for	torSe	There are tour purses for the running	acre. The size of the heads of grain
fitted me wonderfully. For months I suf-	.een a,1otted tor ihe Canine Exhibi-	lion purse, for one mile-and one-	the prizes.
fered from Indigestion and headache, was j tlon« as filing most suitable, on sixteenth, S200 : the third day purse The list of prizes for the seed ex-
Th. .._ h,. _ _ _	_ : I	^	s
be by a Thoroughbred horse. He was a remarkably well proportioned weight carrier	fo?9 digested well and my sleep was
of considerable length and great substance. His measurements were as follows :— refreshing. My health is now good. Hr. height 15-3, cannon bone 8 inches, arm 21 inches, crest to withers 37 inches, withers rs5 s .dian Root Pills are a perfect to croup 33 inches, croup to tail 15 inches, girth 74 inches.	purifier, and a positive cure for
Horses of this stamp can best be procured by the use of selected Thoroughbred ! bll*ousnesS indigestion, constipation, head-sires on strong half-bred mares, on the better class of roadster mares, or on mares acht‘S sallow complexion, liver and kidney from Hackney or Coach sires, provided they show some blood and quality. On mares ! *rcm°les, piles, pimples, boils and blotches, having a preponderance of warm blood or those showing any inclination to weediness, a. or jema,e ailments. Sold by drug-a good Hackney horse might be advantageously used.	I	a.tul general storekeepers.


N



LIMITED.
TORONTO.

Indeed we had to
À
price per fhis arrangement will not



This is an
an ex
Champion Stallion BURNBRAE
This is a beautiful animal and has taken many prizes at the various Exhibitions held in the Dominion. He is owned by Graham Bros., Claremont, Ont

15-1 nor more
15“3» ana should measure at least 8 inches below the knee and 70 inches in girth.



A MODERN FIEND

r
n



Ploughs of all Kinds
(>ur 20th Century Sulky is especially suited to >rn and Straw Cutters
the Ottawa District
Pneumatic Delivery Both in Canada and United States acknowledged to have the largest capacity with the least power. Scrapers,
Wheel and Drag. Root Pullers.
All Points and So*eplates have our name and address in full
or
They last twice as long
4"
BEDIN6FIELD & McGDSKER
J




46 NICHOLAS ST., OTTAWA.




Wholesale Grocers.
BJ
GENERAL
Flour, Feed, Produce & Provision Merchants
Potatoes a Specialty Wholesale
NOTICE TO EXHIBITORS.— *Vc beg to notify Exhibitors that we will
again supply all their wants »n Hay. Grain and Feed from our storehouses om the grounds. All orders left with us on the grounds will be promptly attended to. Having supplied the Exhibitors at the Central Fair wants for the last
¦ 4 : u §
S**>\
THE MOUNTED INFANTRY HORSE.
The mounted infantry horse for which such an unprecedented demand has recently arisen and which is likely to be even more sought after if present war conditions continue to prevail, is a smaller and cheaper animal than either of those already described. He is in fact a cob. a strong pony on short legs, with as much quality as can consistently be looked for in conjunction with the substance required to carry angarmed He must have a fair shoulder and a good back, be deep through the heart and stand squarely on good legs well furnished with bone. In height he may be from 14-1 to 15-1, but 14-3 is the favourite standard with Lt.-Col. Der^ Strength is the great desideratum but a reasonable amount of activity is indispensable.

ki-
nine years,
ami given the almost satisfaction, is, we think a sufficient guarantee for a continuance of good service.
f

Wmm

w

*
Agents for Bibby’s Cream Equivalent.
>
man
LAW Bros. & Go.
Z Cefc'
A

pi:-


Caledonia Foundry and Machine Shop.
Hydrants, Valves, Water Works Supplies, Special Shaftings and Mill Machinery
also castings of every description.
TR ici o ei li dlls, Ottawa.


#

4


1




/\
Champion Marc CHERRY STARTLE
BALLOON ASCENSION.
Every day during Exhibition Prof. Ed.
R. Hutchison presents the human Bomb.
Presenting the incredible death defying spectacle of a monster Balloon bearing high in the air a Gigantic Bomb which exploding with a tremendous report, emits Prof. Hutchison who descends by
parachute
Sensation.
IHKKO	I
The little horse 4 Hero* which took first prize in Toronto, stood 15-1, measured 7^	Kxhlblt of Agricultural Implements.	The Eruption ojMont Pclcc^and Dcstruc-	a mile dash. The entries for	both	Exhibition should awaken the activ
inches below the knee and 19^ round the arm ; from crest to withers he was 34 inches,	We are greatly pleased to be in	^	the trotting and running races	close	ities in farmer bovs. Farmers in
arises:.	P».-„io„ uL, », m„„y a- ..................— ***+«*• —' « -	',s;t »> *«•«•. %» *«¦-	»«.«.	.h.*, .«.u
can be obtained by a stout Thoroughbred sire from French Canadian or other strong re.tder< th-t the r,n,nl	/ f" enormous expense and portraying in all men and the many admirers of rac do well to encourage their boys or
pony mares, or by the judicious use of the Hackney horse on the smaller roadster and I	‘ ana <l *ts vividness The Greatest Disaster mg in the district will beyond doubt even girls to put forth their energies
on those little mares too common in Canada, resulting from the ill-advised use of the '	Exhibition this year will again have ! in the World’s History will be the	appreciate the efforts of the	Fair	along these special lines, bv getting
cîher^mixedlbreedinn,mg tVpC °f Thoroughbred on light mares of trotting blood or	a Spiendid exhibit of Agricultural	attraction in the P*n-Anu rican Electrical	directors to please them by arrang	them to take an interest in the pre-
rec mg. GENERAL REQUIREMENTS.	machinery. The goods exhibited	Carnival building, just before entering the	ing such a splendid card.	paration of exhibits for this exhibi-
In times of peace no horses are bought at less than four nor more than 7 years old. beintr manufactured bv the Deere maul builAing. The stupendous calamity As regards colour, bays, browns, chestnuts and blacks are preferred ; a few greys |	®	ee e Qf the Island of Martinique in which the
are required for special corps, but odd coloured horses are not wanted.	Mansur Co., and Deere & Co.	city of St Pieire was totally annihilated	Agricultural exhibitions should be
No unsound or seriously blemished horse will be taken ; the veterinary examina- I of Moline, Illinois. Space for their and the lives of 40,000 people were saeri- widely educational
KTÂÎ 5T-S5 Z5B SXSJZT* *--------------------------------—L**. h.. b=«„ d in £££¦ZtZ,	Jt i.
tea*: xuaftssssi:	» ** <*»*» t=3
are sound and serviceablewh.leeonfor.ninK generally tot he requirements of t he service, representative, Mr. D. Rupert, wrath, will ever appreciate the fearful prize lists for their fall fairs ADVICE TO BREEDERS.—Breeders on the Western ranges will, no doubt, whose headquarters are in Toronto
increased with but little extra effort or expense on the part of the breeder.	I Shredder and Corn Planter, both in that has thrilled the entire civilized world, the county or country can produce,
Immense numbers of light horses and pomes are annually bred in Canada of	operation ; and a general display of	and a faithful record of the scenes and	with a	view to illustrate ideal
P'-f""rows, C"Wv.torS, L»	.. ....... standards*,perfection.
of the British breeds, intelligently selected with a view to the production of a definite	tellers, potato diggers, hay-rakes,	Special arrangements have been made	Most	agricultural associations
type of military horse, a vast improvement in our clean-legged stock would speedily	&c. The farmers requiring up to	iind another" building secured for the	provide	a set of prizes for potatoes,
date implements should not fail to reproduction of the Coronation of King field roots and grain see their exhibit, it will be the most Edward
The above is a photo taken of this loveiy mare who has taken a great number of first
prizes at Exhibitions in the Dominion. She is the pro|ierty of Graham Bros, of Claremont, Ont.
... BUTCHER...

PURVEYOR TO
THE GOVERNOR
X

HIS EXCELLENCY
GENERAL
Ontario.
V*
I»
A Supernatural Stupend
5 SHOPS
. Ottawa.
Palace Shop, By Ward Market, Phone 107.
Shamrock Meat Market, Cor. Theodore & Nicholas Sts., Phone Si 3. Windsor Market, Bank St., Capital Shop, Wellington Market,
Phone 143.
. Residence, Phone 131
Phone 890.
Excelsior Shop, By Ward Market, Phone 107
RICHELIEU & ONTARIO
)
tion, as well as at their local county fairs.
EXHIBITORS FAVORED
NAVIGATION OO.
“ NIAGARA TO THE SEA ”
Unrivalled Scenie Trip ot the American Continent.
It should be
BroGKvilie
Business
, so as
to draw out exhibits that will be
The Company is this year making a *jieeial feature of its HAMILTON MONTREAL
Line.
College.
catastrophe and upon their memory the scenes of horror will * be forever indelibly
instructive, to bring together the very best agricultural products that
es
Commencing June 2nd, the Palatial Iron Steamers HAMILTON, SPARTAN and CORSICAN w ill perform a tri-weekiv service, leax ing Hamilton and Toronto Tuesdays, Thursdays ami Saturday
Established *2ô years. Graduates in all parts of ( anada. United States and England. Recommended by members of Parliament and prominent business men.
Modern methods of book-keeping and shorthand.
or
tnd Montreal, Mondays, \\ edne^lav and Fridays, passing through the beautiful scenery of the Thousand Islands and Bay of Quinte bv daylight, also running all the Rapids on the East bound trip.
Special low rates for Tourists throughout the Season.
For further information apply to
H. FOSTER CHAFFEE,
W.P.A., 2 King St. E., Toronto, Ont
If you desire a better position . d the Brook ville School will help you to In the section secure it. Rates moderate. Catalogue free, for potatoes prizes are given in most Address cases for separate varieties arrangement tends to encourage ex
a course
manifest ilsell
High prices would then as now be easily obtainable for really superior animals most of the others would find ready sale for army use as well as for other purposes while the misfits and object lessons would be less numerous and, except by comparison not less valuable, than they are at present.	_______________
JOS. F. DOLAN,
U.P.A., 12S St. James St., Montreal, P.Q Til OS. HENRY, Traffic Manager, Montreal.
Box 12
Brockville Business GoIIcqc,
Brockvtlle, Ont
No one should miss seeing these most interesting, instructive and scientific Exhibitions.
attractive ever shewn in the Mach inery Hall.
This
J. G. RUTHERFORD, Chief Veterinary Inspector.
“We delight in giving Infbrm.atien.”
\
-
###PAGE###4###
r
I
ayrvéi AfrpTij
(".old Medal
I»y the C. Ross Co.
Limited, for’ the best exhibited
the credit and foresight ot the Xsso pair ot matched carriage horses
ciation while proving an incalculablv (gelding or mares) in harness, boon to the I ince ot Ontario at
wholesome precedent is being
ited and one that will redound to of Ottawa
best saddle horse (gelding or mare)

OOOOOCXXXJOOOOp
LAPORTE, MARTIN & Co
ere
Gold Medal—By F red. L Cains Hsq , ot Krophy Cains & Co., Dry \. Heney, Goods Merchants, Montreal, tor the
l's4-’ Ottawa, for the best pair of best pony in harness from 12 to 141 matched horses, high steppers, ex hi hi ted (mares or geldings) under section 3 of list.
Gold Medal By J. W. Woods,


§
Gold Medal—By 1
large
Wholesale Grocers, H ont real
hands


Gold Medal By C. Jackson Booth. Ksq., Ottawa, for the best team of
General Purpose Horses (geldings of untold transportation tacili-	* Ottawa, lor the best standard or mares) in harness.
bred stallion
#'7l V

7
RAILWAY ARRANGEMENTS
LA
GENERAL AGENTS FOR
N this period ot electric travel and
i
'ea
Sir Thos. Upton s Famous Teas,
Gold Medal or S25.00—By the Bank of Ottawa, Ottawa, for the s4-’ Ottawa, for the hcst standard hest thoroughbred Clydesdale stal bred mare and foal.	1 lion, 2 years and over.
------------ Gold Medal By Frank Bate Ksq..
ot Messrs. H. \ Bate & Sons, Ottawa, for the hest Dominion bred Ç Heavy draft stallion, any age
Bv the Hon :
ties, it stands to reason that the railway companies, Mich a number of which are now directly interested
Gold Medal— By Geo.“A. Bryson,
nitchell’s Scotch & Irish Whiskeys, Ph. Richard’s Brandies & Eau de Vies.
Blandy Bros, High Class Wines.
i
HUGH CARSON
9
i
WHOLESALE MANUFACTURER OF
HARNESS & COLLARS
f
VML
Sydney| §
Fisher, Minister of Agriculture, fo the hest herd of Dairy Shorthorns
P MCEV0Y, LOCAL AGENT, OTTAWA

Gold Medal
#
I


o



Dealer in Trunks, Valises, Satchels, Hags and all requisites in the Leather Line.


one Bull and four females; ail female to he in milk.
Contains in a highly concentrated and easily digcetlblr form, all the nourishment of
No trouble to quote
Write, Phone or Wire
i
> k

113 Rideau St. Ottawa
$30.00—By the Dominion S. H. B. Association for the he-t herd of short horn cattle 1 Bull and four females under two years, owned by the Exhibitor, and recorded in the Dominion S. H. H. Book, 1 st $20.00 2nd $ 10.00.
Si0.00—By the same Associât 01 for the best short horn Bull age.
00000000oooooooc00000000
Established 1857.

The King’s
REASONS WHY

CONNOR’S 0. K. Rotary Washer

CORONATION OATH
In White's I honography

S
. %
Is the Best Rotary made
BECAUSE

any

V
^ 4 v
•v.
SiQ.oo—By the same Association for the best female, any age.
S50.00—By the same Association tor the best herd of four calves, under one year old, bred and owned by Exhibitor.
Gold Medal — By I X. St. Jacques, Ksq., Prop. “The Russell," Ottawa, tor the best herd of Galloway Cattle over one year.
Gold Medal—By the C. C. K. Association, Ottawa, for the best herd of Hereford Cattle over one
It has the heaviest fix

Montreal.





wheel


It is the easiest worked.
There is no jar in the reverse motion.
The fly wheel can he taken off without the use of any tool making it light to handle.
THE MARQUIS .1182

/

<1-
/
lr» the Dominion
' Vl
BRASS AND IRON BEDSTEADS
The above is an illustration of the celebrated Clydesdale Stallion
Sired by the Great Prize Winning Little Jock Elliot, (37f>S
»f Walt*», etc. 4
CfTARY;
, *A -V-A c V ' l
xvvlr',*'Y''v

“ The Marquis " (1 ISJ)
1 187 '
in «ici ' (ÎIV271 imp., by Prima
Son ot
Dam “ Bell of Ri-1, Hie Marquis in his .*{ year old form won 1st prize in the imported class and sw.-ep'.takvs and gold medal for best Dominion bred heavy draught Maillon ary. age, at the Canada Central Exhibition, Ot>awa, also at same exhibition 1 » 1SSÎI. Won 1st prize and gold tnedal as best Dominion bred heavy draught stallion, any age, besides many firsts at local shov owned by Tlios. Good, of Richmond, Ont.

1
General Founders.
«V
*

1 V
By the author J. S. White, Ph. I>., tin
swiftest shorthand writer in the world.
If your dealer cannot supply you write to
White’s School of Modern Methods. £l)t ROV^I BUffdlO ROt WatC!* RCalCfS, $C., $C.
II
J. H Connor & Son
146 to 152*4 BANK St.,
OTTAWA, ONT.
Telegraphy and Banking also taught
year
1
New Bed Catalogue (to the trade only) on application
in Ottawa, have in their hands the making or breaking of any project or undertaking of the nature of an exhibition. They might possibly so arrange their tariffs that it would he practically impossible for the great public to take advantage of the exhibition, whether as sightseers or as exhibitors; they might so cling to the present profits that 1 he Association would find itself devoid of all encouragment and doomed to failure. But in so doihg they would simply he “killing the goose that laid the golden egg;” they would he destroying their oxen prospects, in that direction, for years to come. Happily, the directors of our various railway systems have the practical and business-like qualities which forbid in thfr-m any such short sighted policy. The result is that special and most advantageous arrangements have been made for exhibitors of stock from the west—and this in view of the Ottawa exhibi-
Corner Elgin & Pretoria Av
220 Bank St., Ottawa
STORE
THE
ms
THE NORTH STAR Canada Permanent and Western Canada
r
John M. Garland, Son & Go
V

\
Ê
¦I
i
•r
REFRIGERATOR Go.
*
MORTGAGE CORPORATION.
i 1

t
m
. +.
*
V
fr
&
»
HEAD OFFICE

Canada Permanent Building,




' & SÜ
TORONTO STREET, TORONTO

ES'


t--

BRANCH OFFICES :
Winnipeg, Man., Vancouver, B.C., St. John, N.B.,
Edmonton, NWT.
x:*i
THE NORTH STAR* REFRIGERATORS And all kinds of Cold Storage Buildings.

Æ



&

>
t 9
a m
INVESTED FUNDS...

Factory and Office. 415 Sussex St.
OTTAWA.
M. Ouellette, Prop.
A ' Blink, No 9806.
. Calved Aug. 1th 18118, bred by Win sire “ Dainty Lad of Klin Shade No Silver King "	(Imp. mdamt No
dam Jean Armour, No. 20.58, ( vol. 2 Royal Chief " (Imp.) No. 75 (1647) (vol. I, Dom.)

$23,000,000.00

s.


White with red markings
Menie, Ont.,
(vol. 3, Dom.) grand sire 11>. t.Vtotl) (vol. I. _\ Dom
1 '• in ) h\
Hi
xj5-
Sluart tSc Son 224
rx

0m&
S55-*

GEORGE GOODKRHAM
President.
J HERBERT MASON. l>t Vice pre-ident and Managing I lire, tor
W. H. BEATTY.
2nd Vive- President
m
3

Motto :
Onward and Upward
P hone 2n 1 I
Money to loan at lowest current rates. Deposit-* received, interest pi id or compounded half* yearly. Debentures issued in sums to suit investors. Interest half-yearly.


%
1

By H. S. Conn,
Gold Medal Esq., Ottawa, for the best herd of Polled Angus Cattle over one year.
Gold Medal—By Messrs. Bryson, Graham & Co., Ottawa, lor the best herd of Holstein Cattle, over
i
ST,
Established 1817
sail

4
NO MORE BALDNESS
liii
l
1
Works
CEMENT AND LIME

WM
IBIBB
» T 0til
MM
I
The Rose Hair Grower used according Price $1.50
to directions will Grow Hair on any head. No matter how bald
treated cases warrant this statement.
Write for fine booklet HAIROLOGY and particulars of free diagnosis.
t - Mention this paper.

ih
one year.
Gold Medal
mm
PORTLAND, NATIVE and all kind
quality guaranteed Prices the lowest.
Express
prepaid.
ri
By |ohn Manuel. Esq., Ottawa, for the hest herd of Jersey Cattle over one year.
Gold Medal—By David MacLaren, Ksq , Ottawa, for the hest herd of Ayrshire Cattle over one year.
Messrs. J. L. Orme & Son. Ottawa, for the hest
rhousands of successfully
l
Cement
ml
i

LI M K
Quality best for Building Plastering, &c.

r w-


Red Brick, Fire Brick and Cla\
¦¦¦IHIPPII
cultural Tile Drain Pijie and Fittings
PI.• ¦ i

Gold Medal—By
m
NO MORE GRAYNESS
Wholesale Dry Goads. Glen’s Furnishings,
Woolens and Carpels
f Paris
Building Sr<me, Mort
j

; (
1
1
*-
herd of Canadian Cattle ( Race Canadienne) over one year.
Ottawa Challenge Cup, to the Poultrv Department, by the Cana dian Poultry Review, Toronto, for the best 4 plymouth rocks, of any color, Cock, Hen, Cockerel and Pullet
fore becoming the absolute property of the winner.
S20 00
ment for Bread, viz

Supplier
¦ I

WRIGHT & Co.,

Price SI.00 The Rose Natural Color Compound is
Express
not a dye. It vivifies the flaccid and dyeing color sacs and replenishes the color pigments.
prepaid. Assists nature's own work.
MTV

Corner Queen and O’Connor Sts., Ott vwa, Canada.
We carry one of the largest, best bought and
TO THE TRADE» best assorted Stocks in Canada. It will pay you
to call and look through our Establishment.
Phone 444
Ottawa Branch,
Cor. Mosgrove and Besserer Sts.
HULL, P.O
RUPERT INGLESIDE
To he won three times be-
OF ALL DRUGGISTS AND
THE ROSE TOILET Co. Limited, 70 King St. East, Toronto, Ont.
He was calved Oct. 1.5th, 1899. inarvellous pedigree, being Hired by dam
Is an imported Hereford Hull with a~ “ Mark Hanna " No. 74230, and his He is now one of the Herd Bulls of Ingleside Farm, Compton, Que., and is owned l»\ Mr. H. 1). Smiili.
La<ly Rupert
No. 7S7S1
To the Dairy Depart-
Sio.oo by the
The
Pittaway’s Photo Studio
Cowan Co. Acetylene Gas
lion being the first of this season All interested w 11 he able to secure the necessary details in time to enable them to take advantage of the special opportunities that the consideration of the railway companies has allorded for this year’s great Central Pair.

58 Sparks St., Ottawa



TT |TT
VI
’T1il

(
Special Low Rates for

if
Will Exhibit at Ottawa Exhibition their Superior
GIVES A PERFECT LIGHT at SMALL COST.

0
PRIZES AND MEDALS
PAIR WEEK.

&


i 4
Under the circumstances of this year’s advantages the prize list has been fully revised and considerably increased arranged that thoro gh satisfaction can he guaranteed beforehand to all, and the basis has been laid of a

;
-ft-
u
Cocoas, Chocolates, Cake Icings, Coffees, &c.

In fact i* has so been
We are in a position to fill promptly orders for CALCIUM CARB1 DE from which it is produced.
Prices and Particulars cheerfully given.
Wholesale Teas and Fancy Grocers,
California Evaporated Fruits.
Corner Queen and Metcalfe Sts.
$

¦
system that will permit ot still greater increase in the years to come
We must keep pace with the times, and in order to do so
The Ottawa Carbide Co., Ltd.
Duke of Clarence of Barcheskie (Imp) No. 1262*» Maker of B. : «lain Quebec,
-ire, Mischief lml\ .5th of B.: ou ner, Robert R. Ness. Ho wick.
there must he efforts made to leave nothing to he desired by any farmer or breeder within hundreds of miles of the Capital This year the
KF"We shall be glad to see Visitors
Shall be glad to see our friends when in the City
Hi* was sweepstakes Ayrshire I lull lor two years in succession at Ottawa, in 1 sstl and IÎML
OTTAWA, ONTARIO. CANADA
Write for Quotations
On
Matthew Moody & Sons
Dowd Milling Co., Ottawa, and $10.00 by the Frontenac MillingCo. of Kingston (through Aid. Slinn).
Gold Medal—By Edward Kidd, Esq., M. 1\, County of Carleton, for the best 3 Factory Chesse exhibited.
By G. B. Pattee, Esq., Ottawa, for the best lot of creamery butter exhibited.
Gold Medal — By Warren V. Soper,
Esq., Ottawa, for the hest lot ot
Dairy Butter exhibited (20 lb. and 10 lb. lots).
Gold Medal—By W. C. Edwards, Esq., M.P., County of Russell, for hest Stallion 3 years and over from County ot Russell shown in Prize No. 81, Sec
$5.00—By R. Masson, Esq., Boot and Shoe Merchant, Ottawa, to the Ladies Department. lar>, see class in list
$5.00 (in choice photographing material) by W. J. Topley, Esq., photographer, Ottawa, for Amateur photograph) list).
\m. \PPLl \M£Sg

Drugs and
Chemicals, &c,

5- I
Head Office and Factory, Terrebonne, Que
MANUFACTURERS OF
i	MALHtNf W\ *£ %
Gold Medal
Labor Saviqg Farm IVjachinery

fPACTjON
I
NE 5

:
|M\oxxn
i m

y! M

To


CONSISTING OF
Potato Planters and Diggers, Seeders, Mowers, Rakes,
Threshers, Hay Presses, Horse Tread and Sweep
Powers, Circular and Drag Saws.
Samples of the^e machines are always on Exhibition at our Ottawa Show Rooms. A Urge '-lock of repairs alwiys on hand.




Bidders

i
-i


1

4
1 LWW
WUU1U I STtfL LOG
ACTHH-
r i
1
\
3
& Maclennan

r
t- %

M
m
pi
A


io, Local class
Wholesale Druggists
‘-k
A. WORKMAN & Co
AGENT
.ow/n* \t> i s
311
•f
*K
Rl v G LEADER 07 MAPLE GROVE, No 2409
WATEROÜS
For particu
299 & 301 Wellington St., Ottawa
T E* CHAMBERLAIN, Ontario Manager.
ENGINE
WORKS
COMPANY
Bramiord
CiinaUa
By ‘‘Carlyle of Lcxnexovk (imp.) Xu. 16.5.5 ; Steaey, Lyn, Out.: to I». t'ummmg, Russell, Ont calved Aug. .5th, 1X97, hrvd l.»y R. O. Steaey, Lyn. Ont. Lessetics.-oek, (imp.) It>.5,5, «lam * Beauty ut Fairfield' (imp Duke of Japston, (3232), “ Lizzie 5th ûf Drunilaning
Prince (t»3), “ Lizzie 2nd of Druminning <7**1 ). by “ of Drutntree " hv “ Wattivson
transferred by R. (i , white and brown
sin* ( ' irlyle of 2.509, by Young *’ (4072), by ‘ Newton,
American-Abell
1
Co
ENGINE AND THRESHER
O
(See particulars in
White
Beautv
NITRATE ©F S©D A
H E Popular King's
.* "hi he run by <». W. King a> in the past. V-"Vviir< at Ah'" < >ld Stand w ill» the v«*r\ )h-~i of r«KHi on hi' Tables ;«i reasonable rat« s.alsokiinl
willing waiters t
Dining Parlor
¦1
Mr. S. J. Jarvis, Photographer, Ottawa, offers a special prize for the best photograph shown in any Gold Medal — By Geo. H. Parley, prize Number in amateur photo Esq., Ottawa, for the best pair of graph) roadsters (mares hands and
THE STANDARD
AMMONIATE
FERTILIZER
LIMITED
Toronto. Canada
serve you
offerings in gold medals has been
exceptionally generous, and the encourage ment afforded all proposed exhibitors is such that the Association looks forward with the keenest sense of pleasure and anticipation to the closing of a most successful exhibition and the universal satisfaction that the
Look for ihe Sign King s Dining Parlor,
Successors to The John-Abell Engine Works Company, Limited.
I he prize will be the finest geldings) 15 possible enlargement of same, suit-Style, speed and ably framed.
Gold Medal
At end of Brand Stand. Opposite the Little
Lake.
MONEY CROPS.
or
over.
value will be considered in awarding this medal.
“ THE MAPLE LEAF FOR EVER ”
By Messrs. John
Murphy & Co., Ottawa and $18.00 Gold Medal—Bv William Mackey 1 ~B> the c* c E-. A., for space to Esq., Ottawa, for the best driving he aIloted for Plants to be arranged horse, single roadster (mare or for e^ect* i*t Brize Gold Medal gelding) in harness, style, speed and 2nd îr>ro» 3rd value will be considered in awarding this medal.
Gold Medal—By T. Ah earn Esq., TV7 Ottawa, for the hest hack ne v stal- VV lion, any age.
Gold Medal
Til
Canadian Pluck and American Push make a Fine Team
PORTABLE AND TRACTION ENGINES
Sugar Beets, Fruit. Wheat. Corn,
Crass, Truck.
You get your share of the profit
MEMORIAL WINDOWS ideal P ^digested Ammoniate as plant food.
Send post card for formulas and free bulletins
44 COCK O’ THE NORTH SEPARATORS”
Abell Improved Victor Clover Hullers- Best on Earth.
ABELL AUTOMATIC ENGINES
MacKflY& BOOTH
prize arrangements
must
ms
and med ils at its disposal necessarily create
mi
Proprietors
when you use this
We here give a
E
list of the medals donated
DISPLAY OF FLOWERS
«
Special Brizes for Gold Medal
Send for catalogue R

11)02.
By 11 is Worship, the Mayor of the City of Ottawa (F. Cook, Esq.) lor the best thoroughbred stallion any age.
HETHER the exhibitor or the
visitor be interested in one
or many branches, all, without ex* X. ception, have a love and admiration
• Continued on page 2>
Bevelled < il.v
Mirrors. <.uid Cut Class. Km boxed < i lit— Sign'.
-iyus ami F>t imat* ' driven
ffi
American-HDell Entjlne & Thresher Company, Limited.
TORONTO, CANADA.
WILLIAM S. MYERS, Director
12, JOHN Street, New-York.
1
By Messrs. / Rosenthal & Sons, Ottawa, for the

34 RICHMOND 81. t., TORONTO
1855
