###PAGE###1###
-T—

\
7

1
----------- r
A x ^





\


T
i i
V
Y
. JL
%_>
9
Nu. U'i. —1 : i il Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUI:
niriiSPAY, MAlien
1001.
1.00 a Year in Advanci

i
i
2a-lb. {mil* of Perfection Syrup for $l.lô nt .Mv<iuirv’s grocery.
Try ft big of (hat Canpd:tn Roller Fond nt Smart & Smith'a before it is all •old out. i foly n few I»igi left
Jamieson N cl bread and Brown bread
Ti it I
BAMK OF OTTAWA
I
)
If
»
ami

over HiOO Imbhc'l
mill
mWA
i i
VmiOwl
\

I »
A load of tli will attend tin: liomu made ] <hy ownirig if U McUuire'H

f I
OF CANADA.
>
<

WliOSS
\
i

roll
l

i

Charles Maoep, E*q., President
G ko non May, esq., Vice-President
JofnM
vin MacLxih i, Hk
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000. *»°c«y ! RESERVE FUND
Sc Ti h P»nrv peaches, prune canned kockIh < I
pf
\nii
ml
- A AAn Boot*, Shoes M -	2,600,UUU. going for less than
icasiiiH, < >verHÎioti«,
cost, ut. the Shaw* ville Boot an J Shoe 8\*ivt during next
10 day it.
ÎIOH. G tri. ltMÏK'X, J P-
Ai KX. Ki-ahi It K>N ,
fils
Mc*
(
Ul)
»
l>» s' t Mrr.rfiv. 1
In Every Department.
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
Head *1 flier, • Montreal#
Gtnml w îiutgt
..	. . H..DJ.J**
G MO HU Eli ON U M. FINNIK
The Singer Sowing Machine «till cou
March I* Traffic nfthe Coulonge road titiuea to lead tiro van in point of excel- is not quite ho rushing ns heretofore. A
letico See consignment just received at good many have finished their contracts ;
T. A. Wain man*.	I of course there are some who will bo un
\ ga in it IHJ corn es our I Micro was snow till July.
painful duty to chronicle the death of one March wan a little rough coming in,
of Bristol» oldest and highly	and if (lie old proverb holds good the
siiectod citizens, in the person of Mr. I monM*> m ‘he Almanac says, should go George Lothian, whose demise took place out hne.
on February 20th, after being in feeble Mr. fames Woods, Thoim health for over a year. Me passed away *** drawing oats to fitter Lake dej peacefully without much «apparent suffer-1, Mr. Arthur (juailv has finished drawing. Mr. Lothian was horn in Edinburgh, 'n8 *1*° gPr*nf< supplies from Shan ville Scotland, in the year 1HJ0, and came to Ior BJ.nour «' Hugh-on. this country in the year 1822, and had Mr. Harry Cole, of Ottawa, paid Manager. jUHt p^Mid his Ulst year. There aie not | *ilHf Wednesday to Mrs. O. H. and .Mis:
Hilda Murphy, and went to Ladysmith.
Mr Frank. Murtagh came up from the Bay .Friday, and went to Otter Lake r inspect timber got out for his firm fm the Montreal Harbor Woiks.
Mr. W. Moore, merchant, is confined to his bud with an attack of rlieumatim anddironchiti-, and we miss him from amongst us.
Mr. Wm. Barker, <>f Range A, received a paralytic strokv Friday and is very

nràiv.lir* •
IN UN fai; to
K'^atln.
K-mptvdlc,
MetUwft,
OttSWA,
SOIWVILLE BRANCH,
Ltmk. f irry H -nr.d, IVBiWskt, Bit r•*rî«çfl WlnchtV'r, îlscfn i?
AlfxahUrtû, Ampiivr, Afirtiui ms, l’.rn rVri'tife,
Money loan! on approved security at
reasoDAlZe rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all partsof theworld.
I hiTTVAKV
. '
l;> Baril-•* WM : * v Toi
«VU to u

II
^ew Dress Goods and Trimmings, New Collars and Linens,
New Laces and Embroidery,
New Lace Curtains and IVjuslins, New Straight Froqt Corsets,
k il
Hmlth » 1 ..i!ï
»
IN MANITOBA
HAVINGS HANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of on* dollar* and upwards and interest allow eu.
Okkicb Hoüiis 8a?OKDAYS .
Wkn!pe<
Danylil»
Portage U Praire is QL’EBfy; :
, Hull,
Slitwinliruri Ka’U
u est

pi t
U!
Montr* u
10 A.H. TU 3 r.M. 10 A.M. TO 1 : M.
K. A.PAKKKR
Aient a in Can* l«f V» w Y IImuI- Vf M -ntii al.
*i Uhl.’Ijo
irk
t visit
#
t. I ’ l M»11 :t irVi*
I.Kt««.INrrw IJuMi i.t'd
many of hit monter comrade# left. now. Ho is .survived by his widow, now in her ¦ Mut year ; seven daughter* Mrs. Hunter, of Guelph : Mr . Knox, of Bristol ;
r Noo s o. Marie, Michigan; Mrs. McDonald, »f Berth County, Ont.
fl^vice* every Sabhaih at I» a.m; 7. r m. Mr* Kvoy, «f B ur River, AlgomaDk-
Kpworib League!"Monday*©ventng att-.oo.. trict ; Mrs. Walker, of Templeton, Que.; l-adlea' Prayer Meeting. Tuesday 7.&). p in. i and Maggie of the homestead. Also three
eSSwKII0,,,',I|I,,,W1''"'	Dr. William, -»f Missouri, V 8.;
LOCAL NEWS.
Church Services
r'L'V)
i

METHODIST CHURCH PAt-TORti-Hev. W. Bowmnu Tucker, M.A., Mrs. lu' : s I'h.D. Hev. W. R. Johnston.
Trv McGuire* 410 -cry for fivsh and
cmi'd fi h.
#
I will pay 81.75 cash per standard for
J. J. McCleary, Hhaw-
good pine logs
viMe.
T^e very Newest and a Great Seller.
Adam, photographer, Virginia ; and I Cohort, cm the homestead. In religion Mr Lothian was a consistent member of the Presbyterian church. The funeral took place Saturday, 2.'hit February. Rev, Mr. Morrison preached the funeral sermon. The remains were followed t> Norway Bay Cemetery hy a large number of friends and neighbors, testifying to the esteem in which the deceived was held by the community in which liv had lived for so many years.—Com.
Note.—Since the above was written and put in tyj>e, Mrs. Lothian has gone to join her late husband, having dieting Saturday night, the 2nd insr.
Have your custom sawing done by J v, Shnwvill
u best -ati faction.
low
He will Live
I. -M <
A Card
Messrs. i
vge Palmer and Charles, of Bellcmount, are about leaving for Clarendon having bought a place there. The go- 1 w ishes of the community will go with!them. Mr. Palmer lived many year#in the township and was mayor for a long time.
I or.close you 'he school report, which if you don t publish 1 won't have any show with the school mistress.
Sais Ce ni; mom k.
y
Ve, the undesigned, do hereby «grae tu refund the money ou a 60-ceiit bottle of Green's Warranted Syrup of Tar if it fails to cure your cough or cold. Wo Vi »ts ,	-'ip, a'ao guarantee a 25 cent bottle to pnve
sfmw'.illu BoiV. ami satisfactory or money refunded.
Shawvillb Dr vu Co.
Mr. G. K. Hhrdginn arrived home from piUlon Saturday night much
<•
i
imi ro\e«l
w Spring’ and
Summer Goods
Are coming in Every Day.
Every Department filling up with the very best Goods in the market. Buyers would do well to come in and see us before making Spring purchases.
Na
J
i
¦m<‘ t i the Vue Ht once
l
S!
r Iv:ul of the renowned Singer Sewing Btachine* tlif-
T. A. NVmvm'*-
S. me is living hauled in for the ht.se itvmt nf ilie proposed Methodist Parson iig.», for the erection of which, however, ract has yet be û ent nt
La.sT Carni\ vr Khawvill
hold the last Carnival of the season on Tuesday night. March ldth. Good prizes.
A few btga left cf the famous Canadian Roller Feed—the beat condition powder on the maiket, will be mold cheap.	Smart & Smith.
çi.fiO per stand ud paid for good Pine or Basswood logs at J. G. K1 holt's mill, Shaw ville.
Do yourself justice by bringing your children to [niison * studio on a bright flay. Ho makes photos nt lowest possible price*.	H. htiisoN.
H ST RECEIVED
veil n quantity of Rock. S ilt,
J. G. McGviuk.
You will in prove the condition of your st"ck by ueing some Canadian Roller Feed. Fur sale at Smart & Smith’s.
J us
r styles
I
GREERMOLTNT
«»n
March 4.-M
J oh nie Ebert has returned home from I ho Shanty. Mrs. Johcie Ehort v/as visiting at Mrs Thus. Dale's on Tuesday.
Mix. J. .Judd ana Miss E. .Judd were in'Shaw ville to >ee the dentist on Tues
•
Mrs. J. Horigins is not improving as quickly as we should like to ace hereto.
Mr. II. Me Leary returned toShawville last Monday.
We are glad to say that Mrs. Wilkins is again able to he down stairs.
Miss Bella Lummis has been spending a weev with Mrs. A lex. Hodgins.
Messrs. Cl as. Mathicson and Alex. Rus-,ell have both returned home.
Un Monday March 4th the school will open at 9 in the morning and close at four in the evening.
Ir becomes our duty this week to record the death of Mrs. Judd, beloved wife of of Mr Ben Judd of Thorne \V« u, which occurred nt her home somewhat unexpectedly ou March 1st at the age of 4b years. The sorrow ing husband and family have the sincere sympathy of their many friends in the hour of their great affliction.
You waut’a Sewing Machine f Get . SeeT. A. Wainrnan's stock of
Manager Dagg of the the best itiuk mini	that ho \ ill
1
Singer just in
Only 10 days more and our sale will dose. If you want m pair of boots come and get them at once.
Mr. James Caldwell, who removed from here to Massey Home time ago, is in this neighborhood at present.



MARTIN S LAKE
Mr. Alf. Howard fcaa purchased the Mudi. Mi . .1. ,- < , returned tumperty of Mr. Alf. Richardson opposite .	<#n Monday after ‘pending six
!	Irowni a -, Mem 8 veet. months m the woods.
Tht regular meeting of the County Martin and W, J. B i • j fj|fl Council for the current year w ill be held iog friends in I homo last | i Wednesday next at Bryson.	|	Miss A. Kennedy aft a pending
. . .	, .	.	couph • with her parents}. has re-
Nernes.—AH partoee indebted in any tumcd Mr. .1. H. Shaw's, -Shawville.
way ty the late firm of Cuthborson, ^ra , was home in consequence of the ill- i ham A Elliott, are requested to {.*av over j nesH ()f tie: father. Her brother William me the respective amounts due not
later than April
JàS. CrTJlBKH.SC»
J. H. SHAW.
week
X'iolet and Pansy
If you have any logs or shingle blocks 11 take them to J. (î. Elliott, Shaw
to so
ville, who will pay you the highest cash
Mr
The P«?mbr< ke Standard says Joseph Warren, who has been customs oftcer at Pembroke. his rtceived notice
P. S. -lîcw Spring Hats.
also cime home from Vache Hay.
Two mysterious looking characters
were observed going around the lake bom the department that I e will be Denial.—Mr. Matthew Thompson, of shore on Wednesday evening, and I was placed cn the retired list from the 1st of Clarendon Front, writes to us denying the j jw'd wondering if they had anything to Marc.;, receiving an annual retiring a'lowr-
rurnour that hiseouDavidcame honiefrom do with the two girls who got caught in ;*nCti vJôO tiom the huperannuaticn
Drift. ; Fund. Rumor has it that Mr. Warren •
successor will be Mr. Robert Russell, I formerly Dry good merchant in town.
price going.
A French Canadian, named Sarazin, was killed near Pctcwawn, station on Saturady 23rd, by the Winnipeg train while lie was crossing the I rack with a team and sleigh.
ioth, mi
the shanty with smallpox. Hu says the (the atone.
Willie Macdowel!of Renfrew ho I hoy had chicken-pock, which was so pro has been connected with ,tha Sank here | nounced by the doctor at Sturgeon Falls
for some months, left oy#Friday to take a nQd the boy was only laid
position on the McrciJhta Rank branch days with it, and has not been sick since Medicine Hat, XJ*. T.	^ came l*-«.»f.	-
Samples of ynctuvea<iuo Canada, w h»uluUMyflttîî?a Journal is offering t
Mr
We aiv selling tlie 25-ccntJapai up two | Tea In town. A trial will convince you.
McGuire's Gkocliry
your
WANTED
BRISTOL ZINES
Tenders for Cheese Maker

Mr. Alex. Elliott, one of the veteran Orangemen of the county, war in Ottawa
—a-*».. s..» r	<„ .in
neeii hy advertisement m another column)	¦ mbh ¦
are on exhibition at the Drug Store.
Drug
Store T rade.
SEALED TENDES, marked “Tenders," will be received hy the undersigned, up till FRIDAY. MARCH 13th, 1901, for a competent!TIKESE-MAKKR for the Clarendon Cheese an I Butter Company for the fldasonof 1901. Applicant to state what lie will manufacture cheese for per 100 lbs. and furnish his own supplies; or how mu h wages he w ill take per month to make the cheese and furnish his own sup plit Cheese-maker is to w eigh and keep mi accurate account of all milk brought to the factory, weigh and box all cheese leaving it r< ady for shipment ; .also to make first-class Cheese that will command the highest market price.
1 h- lowest or any tender net nee '«sarily
.
Address all tenders
Mr. John Ross, who h is been q Etc ill is slowly recovering.
Misr Kate Roy has removed from here to Arnprior, where she intends remaining for s time.
Miss Maud




matters of interest were dicusacd, and resolutions passed respecting the same. New Advth.—Tho attention of our j The u Coronation Oath,'' against which readers is directed this week to the ad- an agitation is now going on, was dis-vertiseineiils of Messrs. Armstrong Bros., | cussed at length.
general merchants, of Ladysmith and also that of 14 The Two Tailors both of which will lie found on the 8th page.




1!	gone to
Arnprior to learn dress-making.
MiwGreenshivlds was tho gu Miss Mary Craig on Kunday bis*.
Mr. Jame Small visited Quyon Friday last.
Miss Ella Ross friends in Bristol
Miss Tena R school for a few days.
Miss Given.shields h Morrison's for a time wondered what D. A. will d not familiar with the road.
BUGS)
Of
Our local horsemen, w ho attended tho ice races at (Jtiyun on Wednesday last, report that there wa ; a large attendance —especially ou Thursday, and that everything about the programme passed off in tip-top shape. Our townsman, Alex. McDonald, had an easy win in the green race with his young "horse “ Klondike.' Mr McI). has since sold the horse t<* Mr. J. Lumsdcn, of Arnprior, for a good figure.
8

The members of the Bristol Council were in town on Monday, by invitation of Mi tographer Imison, to have a group photo taken of the board, w hich wc learn is to be displayed outside the gallery as a sample of Routine's representative, fine looking men The very idea! Of course photographer will be boycotted
8
if ijuyon, i
siting


ter
from the
is 1)
HSr
gone to Mr. I>. Meantime it is is he is
HOB BUT SMART.
President ( . C. & B. <

There are so many reasons why you ought to trade at The I)ru<; Stork that there is no room in this little advertisement to tell them all. One reason is that we are modern—wc keep pace with new ideas and new conditions.
As fast as anything better than we have is invented we secure it.
As fast as we discover Newer and Purer and more Desirable things, we take them up. But the old reasons are best of all—the reasons that have always governed us. These are :
Reliability,
Purity.
Vville 1*. o. Ijlii
si
the
MWïÿH	t	jT- be Collected during Sea» ,f
ESiEsfea	satesr
p , ii , change made some years ago was simply a i Snawvillc, h >evn uniting relatives	u26 Ci ^ITiprOVCIIlGIltS.
u L	humbug and oat at all for the good of I here for 1	•
We notice in last week's Advocate that Uhe greatest number. The wonder is Mra. G. Lotrian is dangerously ill at C nfrere Ringruae, in the course of his that it was ever accomplished.	present
,»• -.» %».....57-5*-1 -M §££• jSfctjSS
SS&Sgt	îfe
on having secured a fat government job JraU'1 1,1 extinguishing the lecent McKechnie, of this place, and Miss Mag
tssfcz-s ssl	zxsssxzs sr“ •
who gave his cla m the most prompt and flent. also Mrs. Small and son Roy, of Mr. W, J. H origins, who has been liberal consideration. Mr, zqielhuan same place foreman of Mr. JÏ R. Booth's farm at speaks iti highest terms of the liberal Mrs. VL Loth'an and Misa Jennie have Bon field for the past 14 years, writes to treatment accorded him by the company, r(qurnod from Ottawa and Caaselman, inform us that he is leaving there for through the representation.* of their in- w}1(»re they have been visiting friends.
Hartney, Manitoba. W. J. lias been a | specter, Mr. Bromley	j Mrs McCredio entertained a few of the
subscriber to The Equity during his term of i csidcncc at Bon field, and has
oadered the address changed to his pro-	.	,
apective western home, accompanying the | gOOCi Clover hay# loose*
request with a years renewal
TARIFF OF TOLLS


defied



Saw logs 17 feet and under in length, per thousand feet board measure......................

G cents
Red and While Tine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per thousand feet board measure
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce Hemlock, round or flatted, 30 feet long and upwards in length, per thousand feet board measure.............
young folks last Wednesday evening, and Re(t and White Pino, Tamarac, WANTED at once, a load Of ! j‘H 0"epfu"TU remarked afterwarda' we Spruce anil Hemlock, square
h*Mr andMra. McCredie visited Qnyon « waney board, per thousand and Billerica last week.	I cubic feet....................
Honesty, Promptness, Freshness of Stock.


7 & cents
The Best always neve: “the next best." The Best for You is the Best for Us.
• • » •



THE DRUG STORE,

0 cento
SHAWV1LLE.
90 cents
J. A. COWAN.




i
\
z
g'
a fk.
7/

V




Wife
A

_
###PAGE###2###
T
F
V
$
MfiviAVt/ .#»«<<WkYkWl tVtWtfrtYÀWAVWiYt
] Agricultural
^AWWWWW.WVAAWWMWWW.'F?
î, letter sitting in a snow bank than Î ouL iu lbn pitwoing cold winds.
!«t and turn out on a hot dish.
WMU Fruit Oaka.—-Heat to • eraam omo cup of water with two cups of powdered sugar. Add alternately two cups vf milk and n quart of sifted flour, beating long and hard. Then add two heaping teaspoonfuls of baking powder, and the whites of one dog-eu eggs beat to a stiff froth. Next,
ELECTRIC BATHS FOR HORSES
FROM BONSIE SCOTLAND.
n
OÜSEHOLD.
!
4itiauml frlerlaari Hrlrnre L»ari« i«• Vw Hrllmlt ef Trraimi Mfe
*
interesting news from highlands and lowlands.
THE
TllR BUCKUOLD HERD
The use uf luminous radiant heat generated by electricity la now being made effectively for t be curing uf tain edwonts of animals. In this process the light and head are projected by means of special reflectors upon the general surface of the body and localised upon particular parts side a specially devised reflecting box, termed u "reflector," are placed two
Vol. XI. of ( lie English Jersey Herd Hook, contains a most interesting account of the milk and butter produced l>y the I luck ho Id Herd of Jerseys in England l»er of cows in tlic I luck ho Id Herd
THE FARM LIBRARY
ecnu BRING CLOTHS
It Is exceedingly fortunate that the conditions of labor along all lines requires advanced thought if good results are to follow.
The laborer gets pay in proportion to the intelligence he puts into his work. The triumph of mind over matter is complete. These facts aie fully proven hy the rapid strides that are being made in the perfecting of machinery, and in adapting it to the industrial needs of the world. The capacity uf man to accomplish it* suits ha4 been vender‘uily imreused and at tho same ; mi. lie has lwen wonderfully increased, nut ut the #ame time he has been freed from the Leoessity for continual muscular labor. L’he farm presents no exception to tUs rule, as there have com© into general use largely within the memory of the present generation, many helps to successful agriculture. That the farmer has taken advantage of these, the present improved condition of our farms and homes, and better clothed and better educated young people in these homes and the appearance of thrift and prosperity which generally prevails, abundantly prove. Still there remains much in store far the thinking farmer.
Our judgment ia, that he should give more time to thought, that he should become more conversant with
cer-
A* *¦ ih* Tliiif» of Bobby Rttra» Mmmj Thing* Hopmii |o IntrrrM (hr Mind, at
AtiIII troi In*» «Mine.
The best material for a household scrubbing cloth is a heavy stockinet. Old stockinet underwear of wool is not 80 good as that of cotton, because it does not wear.
Old black cotton stockings, if the feet are cut off and the seam ripped, mike excellent stove cloths
cotton
Ike average imtn
A dividend of 15 per cent, has been declared by the National Bank of III- Scotland, with a bonus of 3 per cent from the profits.
The foundation of the first church under the union-tho Crown Failed Free Church, Inverness— laid by Principal Rainy.
The Commercial Bank of Scotland’s profit for 1900 amounted to £205,420, and a dividend at the rate of 20 cent has been recommended.
Mr. W. Garrow, who has been for fifteen years superintendent of the Highland Railway, has resigned his office owing to failing health.
Mr.
liquor. Put it over tin' fire with half miraculous. A hors© treated in a very I * rcasurer, and Past Provincial Grand a raw potato sliced thin. Let heat un- ' wearied, worn-out condition, will come Secretary fur Glasgow, has been op-til the potato is crisp and the f it out itl half an hour full of life and Panted the Masonic Grand Secretary, has ceased bubbling, then strain and ^pLrits. For hunters and race horses Major James A. Orr Ewing, War-set away to cool. Good fbr shorten- uftt,r executive exertion, tho radiant wick9hirc Company of the Imperial ing ginger snaps and ginger bread, or heat bath is invaluable, and every up Yeomanry, a native of Dumbarton-f»i fiying onions, etc. Hut the meat to date hunting or training stable will	who was killed in action in
muat be perfectly sweet and not very prw|wbly soon find it indispensable. As 80,1 lh Africa, has left an estate valu-
a means vf giving a horse a "sweat*1 IIU)t,,ha’ total is 401,002 tons, the Nor*
Raisins that are nat finely chopped itH u,t, i# fiir preferable to cramping ‘‘mbftr toU1 ®3,42U; the Ulyde eleven liefvre cooking, or which are not used a hvrsv’d action, spoiling his feet by m,,nths 420,128, and the Clyde Now in some way requiring lung, slow g;iljv|,ing him in heavy rugs, and It |cmber ^,94U tons, cooking should be soaked and stewed
comes a pound of seeded raisins, a Pound of figs, a pound of blanched almond# cut in strips, and two cups of grated cue on nut. Line two deep pans with several thickmvssea of buttered paper, pour in the batter, and hake, long glass bulbs, in the interior of in a very moderate oven, about two which is a filament uf carbon or some and a half hours, the time depending highly resisting metal. When cur-wn the thick new uf tho cake. This rent id switched mu a very high tern-rule will make two large cakes.	perature i.s obtained in a few seconda.
W h i .¦ hum ni patients are subjected to this treatment the whole body may To prepare the fat from the water be exposed to the rays,
t hroughout a year was 32.00, seventeen of the total of forty-nine head used at one time or another during the twelve months being heifers with first calf
new
Use
them to wipe off grease or anything
I'wvnty-nine cows were on hand Oct. 1, 181)8, one was bought, lhlt falls vu tllt> stove ; also to polish ten ditsl or were sold, and seventeen 1 *lv iStwe with after the brush has h fers gave their first milk during 1hu'u wsed, and thus remove the dust
the test
was
vf blacking left behind. If this is not
fho total amount of but ter given by the average of 32.(10 du3lv ibis dust will scatter about tho
cows «during the year was 406.20 IkiuikIs p r head, or 13,260.63 pounds.
Them» figures ire according to tho
per
CULINARY HINTS.
kite lieu aiul leave its mark all over
any desired
in which corned beef has been cooked I1Uinber uf reflector* being used. Actor use for shortening or frying pur- cording to l)r. Herbert C. Kyfe, of tKNses, let it become perfectly cold, t\ew \ tu k. tho effect of the bith'on then remove from the surface of the exhausted horses is little short of
tho ruoui
Soft cheap cheesecloth purchased new and washed and hemmed for the pin pose, make tho best dusters. Cut
tests made from time to time of the m Ik giwn
Eighteen cows were in thv herd during the entire year and ^ 111 squares the size of a gentleman’s
handkerchief. It ns a good plan to have a few cotton towels hemmed and
ixerago product of these was
424.85 pounds of butter by test. The amount of butter actually made, sold or otherwise disposed of, the amount of cream disposed of and whole milk used for young calves and ho forth, kvPt to wash and polish windows. It tallies very closely with the figures ^ necessary to keep two chamois reached by the daily, weekly and *kiu9 111 Uii* ut once—<i small one to
w I lb windows w ith, and a larger one
to polish them with. Two such skins
m wader with which to wipe kerosene lumps. Put them through the wash occasionally. Chamois skin should be
monthly test-ieckou ngs amount of butter actually obtained was 13,014.31 pounds or an average of 398.48 pounds per cow for the average number given above. These averages in so large a herd must lx> considered very flattering to the breed, more especially so when the large percentage of first-calf heifers is considered.
1 lie total
will last for years if they are properly stretched and dried each time they are used.
Major-General John Wm. Eoggan
has the fin tlier groat advantages that
gtn iy until lender before being used ^ frees the internal organa from fat, I ^ an Indian Mutiny veteran, has in pies or quick puddings.	assists digestion, and increases the ap- | dll d his residence in Portobello.
He was born in India in 1833, and tered the British army at the age of sixteen.
THE BABY'S OUTING
advanced agricultural teaching at home and abroad, that he should read the agricultural press more thoroughly and bring into his home the best thought from those
petite
en-
When baby is old enough to bo t:ik-	T hAl II CHILDREN.
en uut for an Hiring, the wrappings Little children should bo taught not, Wh„n it j, helped to concentrate must be carefully considered. It in	to ait sideways or on tho edges of	the	th<) beat aJld light rays	^ any par_
teiind that the majority of infants in	ollaini,	wr to learn back in them	or	ticular portion of the body, the "local-	U,e corporation	of	Edinburgh the
their baby carriages ou the streets	to Put	their elbows on the table.	ijor- may uacd- Thu	u a rouvat)|e	fountain erected	at	the cross roads
in winter are too warmly wrapped up.	They	should not be permitted	to	radiator, which can he	held in the	in Inverleiith l>ark	to the memory
"U3d',1,1	uril,“..... “r :inr «I Lhe throat trou- tag, and out d.uik antU after they ,|. v r. Lt .hewn bv the fact that it “MO“. w,,h re|)re*entattt=t from
*...w“
field than any other scientific work- °° "UiiL lu luJtfus ul	of feet and hands should be kept warm, Ho ut,t al'ow the little ones to turn plifld tv u„ sorU of unimala d	Hall, Edinburgh, in celebration of th,
tr. lie has dug from the messes of * “l u g iLe	ir. which case tho child is not likely UP theLr glasses or mugs to their 5[)_jul { ‘fit .	, ...ffJrin»	^aUval of St. Andrew,
nature many valuable truths. Yet |	House, London, is Eng- to suffer from cold. Batter than a	while drinking.	K. r	to dogs, suffering from
he work is but begun. The fanner llUt4d a^Usia.-ai cm lie.	At the fur rug under the child is u hot water ^how them how to break a potato und , ;	I library
should	take	full	advantage	of	his	mu meut there	are 2,uùl	re-	bottle, not laid close	up against	the	with a fork; how to carry	a fork to	*	*
labor, and	by	studying	carefully	the	& dirais	iU England and Wales.	To	feet, but fir enough	off	to let	the	the	mouth. Teach them to	take soup
experiment station publications,	he	ldvlu la^d	vuiy of	employ.ug	heat radiate from the bottle. The	quietly horn the side of a spoon.
subuidMiaiea,	but ah the instructions	mmall hands, encased in woolen, can be	j Watch them und see that they do
iiouse. Uvvi	tucked under the carriage	blanket in	nu*	Put their spoons and	forks too
each division a registrar	presides,	uut	| extra cold weather.	far	into their mouths, and	that they
When the Ixihy is taking an airing n°f crowd the mouth with food, the strong wind should be avoided— Little children are great mimics, and
that is facing it. The sun or strong	a*tor they have been once properly j
lU1 England and Wales	alone the	light should never be allowed to shine	trained to table manners, commit few-
uround	UUmüKi' of	enumerators,	as has	upon the baby’s eyes when aslecf
We firmly believe tint the Uvu -adicuied by the*umber ui in- its carriage, as much harm results must urgent need of tho farmer io- «imcLun books w bv usued, is about from this, often seriously if not per-<1 - y is io be raised to a higher level vU»uuu* ih.s is worked out, us near manently injuring the sight. This is t»i thought, to learn to value higher ls pustule, on a basis of one to every an unfortunate mistake, which is cun hs occupation, and thereby work for le‘,uu persons. Their duty comprises atantly being made by the giv.iter results, to farm for a busi- lkv iuav.ug and collecting at the in- mothers among the poor, ness rather than fur a living. Let hubdod houses m their district adieus bring to our aid the library of dulea in wh.cb have to be entered the our home, our town, let us take
USING THK LOCALIZER
The ceremony of handing- over to
similarly
COUNTING l'Hü HEADS
0.tuated on near-by farms and from those who work in more distant fields
The experience of others condensed and placed at his disposal
cxf the late Bailie J. 0. Dunlop took place on the let inst.
Tho Grand Lodge of Scottish Free-

may mean, if properly taken advantage of, knowledge
many years' advance in The
igricultural in-
Laurencekirk is to have a fre& The donors are Mr. Ang-us Sinclair, Now York, and Mr. Andrew Carnegie. Mr. Carnegie gives tho building and Mr. Sinclair tho books, the town having only to provide the site.
erumry surgeon puts on record the Eise vf a long-haired skye terrier which was run over by a heavy van. He was iu<- ip ible of using his legs,but after a twelve minutes* radiant boat bath lie citild stand fairly wu.i and moved about slowly. After four baths taken oji four different days, he absolutely cured. In cases of lar rheumatism, of animals, the treatment has been found specially efficacious
may do iso.
Outside of all these aids
arc aisued from burner
he must
CL
look for increased cours and increased knowledge of the resources j Lüulc are l.VJU mure division* than of the boil and how best to adapt | registrars, assistants have to be tern-them to his needs
By the will of the late Mr. Win. McLaren, Dunfermline, the venerable Abbey church there will benefit to tho extent of several thousand pounds, und a number of local and Scottish charities will receive handsome bequests.
Brigadier-General Reid, the hero of the flag incident in China, is a brother of Professor Reid, Aberdeen University, and Dr. Reid, superintendent of the Royal Lunatic Asylum, and has seen much active service in the Indian frontier wars.
an
These will come *>or‘iriiJr appointed.
was
from a close study of the conditions
muscu-
govermng sue,, i'ul work him.
er breaches of etiquette than their elders.

> tu
»
ACROSS THE OCEAN IN FOUR DAYS.
WINTER WRINKLES.

Th
Id lier «T ihe Tweullrlli Ouluvy hr m'HImm! liy an K glnrrr.

ignuruat
(Before many years have passed it will be possible to leave Southampton
Mrs. Wiggles—Doee
ban
your husband >» Men ! Mrs. Waggles—No, he or Liverpool and arrive in New York ro|ra all owr the house.
Once monthly an egg shampoo is	ia f°ur days, soys a well known Eng-	Dodhuu-fniplcy hopes to be a souilla i note ail unov-	*>‘ue^‘c‘ah It is cleansing, nutritious	^s|1 building engineer. Even to-	« ‘ai lion. 1 ug^on-l don't see why
oVer>	and helps tv retain the luster and na-	dtiy tbd «Teat ship-building firms	he shouldn't be; he is already* a
UI Ihe schedules are collect- tural ctilourin# ol the hair. Directions C"U,d ,buUd a ettiamtir capable uf culx
tor egg shampoo; Separate the white	tittjaming across the Atlantic at an j	Mr. Nc.wwed— Urn ! Seems to me,
and yolk, and beat each with a table-	averu<f° yI,tied °* thirty kiwts an hour,	my angel; this hash has a queer
Un census u.ght iu lsyi there were Iepwn,ul ol wat«r unti* thoroughly , bn‘ her machiuery would be so large tuete. Young Wife-Hash f Tim fa Mr. Jà«es Anderson, flax merci» between 28,UUO,UUO and JSOOUÜUO in “Uodl Firs! rub the yolk into the and lt would "eces^.ry to construct fruiteuke.	ant. ÀrbroaCÙ, claims to hare invent-
Knglind and Wales, and over B U00 00J	*<Ulp and tbeu tbc whUa the egg.	| sucb a hu=v Tt'88u1' Lh;lt uo company	«e-Uon't you think that let a funny	cd a process for the treatment of the
in the other parts of the Dritish isles	Uiuae with tePid wa-ter and finish with	j *OUld c“re at present to embark their	8,OJ>' < >be-Yos; but 1 have got the	tibre known as raawc, which, should
nuking a grand total of 38 104 u;:,'	ouJd- Kever take hot water after an	capital in such a boat.	neuralgia too had to-day to laugh at	his expectations be lcalized, will ef-
Smoe 1851 the average increase’ of’thJ *‘gg Bhax“l,ùu- " the hair is brittle Xou ***> to reu«b York * tout anyth ug.	feet nothing short ofk, revolution in
population decennially has been 8,17	aad ba^b the y,dk unly may he used.	daya a Earner would have to matn-	Caseyhot don't yo pay Cassidy	the manufacture of "textile subbut according to the rough estimated	Btl"r resulU arc obtaLned hy use Q,	tai“ a“	speed, day and night,	‘h tin emts ye owe himf Costigan-
ln I which	have	been	taken	year	bv	v	the white only when tho hair is excos-	^b^f knüla an hour.	To accum-	Earth, Cassidy puts up such a good
Since bill	the	in,.re	. „„	,hi	*	*iw,1Y wily"	Wblin the hair is dry and	pUsb lbls we hbould bavo	equip our	toight Oi woudn’t be friends wid him
1891, the increase on this ocoas- life,HS6 a lligbt oiUug th(J ^ #f_ steamer with engines of 110.0UU horse- ter anything
r tie bitli	areut I	und ovca if triple screws
care must he taken that the fatty "fd il would ^ necessary to develop »hat ycou would do if I should steal the years 1*92 and 1898 was unveiled mutter is sweet and	pure. For this	37,OPO horse-power on each shaft. Yet	« k>«. Miss Linda. Miss Linda,	coy-	on the 1st inst. by Col. Mathias CD
reason vegetable oil	is best. Cocoa-	SUcb a“at caild U buUt- To carry	ly-T wouldn't take no great while to	A.Ü.C., commanding the 75th RegC
nut oil is safest for general use. It s0 UJUcb machinery the vessel would bud out, Jake.	mental District.
the scalp is	tense and dry a composi-	^	b3Uft- m leogtb’ would	have an 87	My daughter had a quiet wedding	There has	been placed	in	the parish
tion of one	third lanoline and two	and a d“placement of 40,009	on account of her husband’s recent	church	of	Lochbrooin,	Doss-shire,	a
thirds	carWated	vaseline,	warmed	t°°e’	bereavement. Has he lost a near re-	handsome marble tablet in memory
and	beaten	together,	may	be applied	. Uch "	TeS!4el baa “beady been de-	lativef YVa; his first wife has been	of the llev. James Robertson, gener-
with benefit. As before stated, it is	a^ned-on paper. According to these	dead only *i, months.	ally known in Highland annals as Am
ihe exception, where	any oily appli-	LIi <‘i voting pious forty-four double-	1Iv insulted me I exclaimed	the	Ministear Laidir,” a notable clergy-
is accessary. With proper 011 vA Scotc,j bbUera would be ueed* 1>arisiui’ and he refused to apologize. man of the eighteenth century, fam-a I care, massage and cleanliness the	to 9UW>!y tbe necessary steam. Uei-	Did you fight ? Yea. And I wounded	oils	throughout the	Highlands,
glands abtut the root of each hair	furnaces would consume 1,700 tons	11 m «° kidly by accident that now 1
will du their part.	of c^ttl eTQr* twenty-four hours. In	to apologize to him.	Itoath, Nairnshire, was accidentally
one our day a tiip such	a vessel would	I think Mias Sorosis i* 4 jgirl of	drowned in the river Nairn, and his
consujne	,800 tecs of	coal, costing	very pronounced character. What	body was found in the harbour on
Apple Dumplings.—One pint of flour I ^	11 Would be advisable to	leadfl you to that belief* She got	Saturday	following.	Sir	Alexander
generous spoonful of shortening, tea- cany *(l U lunK Cüa^ ^ bei bun^"	a 1 ^ ready to go to ttv theatre and	was	only	29 years of	age,	and	he	ie
sp .nnful of salt, teaspoonful of yeast *^very voyage in case of accident, m n r once usked if Jier hat was on succeeded in tho title and estates by powder or baking powder, sweet milk "f .	. > UIe* tiUob a vessel could fc.tra.ght.	his brother, Frederick Dunbar,
enough to form a dough. Roll rather **	bUt n°	^ ^
thin, cover thickly with chopped ap- *°U“	^ g'Ve °ul dUcb u con’|	A CARELESS WOMAN.
ÈSsË#	£EEi—-
: =EEF F -	rr —
hwr. For sauce, beat butter und su 7	'	‘ “ lh "*7 u( ecuuc- h.nd trunk a new hat, and Carolina when tirât a uo
rrar ,a a area, -ad ll.mr ra„b —W*“ *
« *Æ.
lions—the obtaining of a higher
CAKE OF THE IlAIR
People wnu ab	v ui, the census
th the best thought of the p.ist I u-ght, along with other details, in and of the present, as recorded in the j addition, they written piges of books and papers, j cupied houses and buddings ui If we will do this the season which sort.
At Stranraer a labourer
named
James Douglas accosted his father, with whom he had quarrelled, in the street, and shot him with afterwards turning the weapon on himself a.nd dying immediately. Tho fat'iiHj* has also since died.
coun
St’l w
a gun

shill break upon us at the close of I %d on the following day winter's frosts and ice will find us, Uhls case will be ou April 1, winter's frosts and ice will find that
which in
wo have done in the past
EXAMINE THE REES IN MARCH
ALirch is early enough to make thorough examination of tho bees. Prior to this it is better to not molest them or open any of the hives, any case do not open hives or molest

a
stances.
A monument erected in Duthie Park, Aberdeen, by the 1st Battalion Gordon Highlanders, in memory of comrades who foil in India between
thum in any wa, unless the .lay is , lGn is expected to be considerably very /me and the bees arc upon the a head of the average, representing
w,ng m large numbers. This applies augmentation of between to any time during the winter. Usually in March we have some very fine days, which gives ud an opportunity to open up the hives and make a thorough examination
til is time have sufficient honey in ready reach to last them another
•lake, timidly — I wish 1 knowed
were
an
10 and 12 per cent., or in round figures, 4,01)0 -
000,
j Ih.s would place the present popu-lat.ou of the isles at about 4j,000,000 'of which there arc nearly 7,000,000 in Greater London
tion, which went down from 6,571,-71 in 1851 to 4,794,750 i-n 1891—3,754,889 due to emigration—is expected to show a still further reduction of quarter of a million.
There arc about half a million who speak Welsh only, 60,000 who speak Gaelic only, and 88,000 who can speak only Irish, giving a total of nearly 600,000 of the population who cannot speak English.
if the bees at
• «
Ireland's popula-
tion! h, it would be better to not yet attempt to feed, but put this off I I a little later
un
The nearer spring
we can reach to do feeding the better, but we should not take chances
cation
on
Sir Alexander Dunbar, Bart., of

any of them starving.
Better not feed syrup to them at this period, but give candy to any that are nearly destitute of food. Feeding syrup may be begun about the time warm weather predominates. Ascertaining the food supply is not the only thing to look after, but look
for the queens, and find if each hive has their queen
now means a lost colony, and the ¦ooner it is united with another col-
DOMESTIC RECIPES
DESTROYED THE HARMONY
It was at the regular meeting of A mis ing queen | *b'' Flunk ville ÜQlioftl club.
Mr. Orville Scree me r had just dered hie own <yrio, entitled, My We will doubtless I Seddegt Songs Are Those I Never

Woman is the ease for that whicl pi ins the father; she is balm for hii
ren
ony the better
find many weak colonies, but if they | ere healthy, we would rather take chances on them coming out all right 1 and suggested that the club tender
than to unite them, and thus loose |	• ^creemer a vote of thanks, be-
cause of this fact.
A gentleman in a rear seat
arose

Give heed to her to whom chi hirer
valuable queens.
If your bees are protected in any way, either by chaff hives or other I ****	**'en sent in
n loves sht
Ton minutes later the third riot

or vanilla. Or serve with cream at Hashed
protection, do not remove it until settled warm weather sets in. Stripping tthv hives too soon, or taking bees from the cellar too early frequently | prime of life? proves a fatal mistake
marked difference
Brown Potatoes.— Chop meant by the I three good-siied potatoes fine
season highly with salt and pepper,. .	. I- I
UT,r;tz
SIMPLY HAD TO.
Doctor—I suppose when you go t< work you aide ?
Patient—Yes, sir, I ride up an< down.
Doctor—Ah 1 that's the cause o your trouble. Sedentary habit. Sto work you ridel
Patient—Rut I'd never be at wor
if 1 didn't ride up and down. I'm a elevator man.
Willie—Pa, what's
and
A CYNICAL QUERY.
A nun ought to try to make as mailJ friends as possible in this life, At the beginning of the nineteenth I remarked *be gentle philosopher, the pan. Place the pan where they I 00,1111 ry 1 w l'n!y-six days was the time I Uf course, answered the cold-blood-
"r - -
crusted on the bottom in twenty min- doing it even quicker in the near fu-I in<? to get near enough to get their utes. Then roll carefully like an ome- * ^arc
More es-
of bees in the cellar, than to lose larger numbers by putting them out | woman? tbo soon
Willie—And is it the same with a
Do not be alarmed by
Pa-Why, son, you would insult a •oou ifttfcg about i hv hives, e\ m I woman by telling her she was in the* if wvmyied entirely over, for they are ' prime of life. She's always younger.
are you go-
money away from them!
Z
I

\

>

j
###PAGE###3###

r







1 ,


1
iblf* to count t he da ye, and en-n t t«dl the hour of <lay or iiij$ht with to era bio accuracy "» th«' following wh
I hr	I i l
body ixi Oh.8 degrees fall* at certain hours of th*» «Jay wit l> rfvct regularity. At a tout (> i
THAT DELICIOUS FLWOR wblrh h.„ m.tie
-fcj CEYLON AND INDIA TEA,
4
A
s
LUD E
Ok tlic Farm.
I
t
terni** rature or tl Hut it risen an
GREEN OR BLACK
jEjs MaoUine Rolloâ
UORSH COLLARS.
J
tKi* rc,ult of i ko «riper knowledge of blf»^ nf. Y es
Lead Package , 2$, 30, 40, G# and 60a.
CSVL9N Tl A ju-» 7 fa mou will ranp Urn henalU If you un# it
Broadly speaking
very implement dielgued for the uae of m n in provided with n handle and th a handle is made to fit the hand. It is atout a certain •lie, ia rounded, am oth and hard, t&t least it ia never made soft with, the
ihe morning the temperature is at lowest, Iring only 9H hour# after bn ikf i
1 bn
grc* il touches U
Thank* for the tip M DRINK C EYLON S GREEN.”
I fourni it wholesome, sweet and clean.
Now that I'm sound in limb and brain I’ll never drink Japan again.”
:
<lo
wan or avcr.igv po.nu At U noon it 111» 1 o 98 degrv< or a littl day it continu
its very highest at about (1 o'clock i the owning, or from t lu t to 7—rum
ly, 99 4-8 degn i
ly falls throughout the night, goir, very low about % i.m., wh|in mo denths occur from this cause, an
touching the low«*m i*>mt between
and 6.
4
Old style* change—so
Thare has been a world Paint during the Those who .are
PAINT
) PROGRESS.
4
i
paints
of progress in | st i rntui y. painting houses in the new cent
ury are using
>wr. irid it is
5
view of being easier on the band. The qu ilificatioriH ju >t named should to pi usent in the horse collar. If the collar s* the pre^pur length and fits tiie an mal, and is stuffed full aud round, it may proper length and fits the an.m il, and is stuffed full uud round, it may be as hard aa iron Without danger of galling the shoulder. Of Course, the
h.im,d must l*. drawn up high enough mm mty ruined through the negloct
*° lhl1 tbe taught will nut centre on carclcamess of the driver, ik i shuul 1er i. in . i h h g < of tkis is
ample. If the h i ml I u of a manual mi-
ALL GOOD GROCERS KEEP IT.
*
i
4

$
o1
l hen it gr idu
1

m
Ramsay’s
Paints.

*
/
•t/
*
A free sample of delicious SALADA Tea sent on receipt of postal mentioning which you drink—Black, Mixed, or Green Tea. Address “ SALADA,” Toronto or Montreal.
i
!
jim
!
4

4
ftd*
Do you want to know why ? Would you like to have our booklet showing some beautitul homes ? Drop us a Post C ard and ask for Booklet “ K * tree.
4
1
THE HARV î yl OF W XI.
>

TRAINING BOYS IN GERMANY



r
liiierlra's Casually 11st In llic fill I » |»
|iluo Tula!. 5,911.
The losses of the American troops >
the Philippines since August G, 1HV-'
are. as follows;—
Killed..........................
Died of wounds and accidents Died of ilinea.se...............
Whnl the Mr,lirai Training School is D»
lug In Thai Country.

A. RAMSAY & SO ï
*
I
MAKING HENS LAY
>
A writer describing the methods of schools in Germany, states that the manual training schools in Germany 'First, ro ike vour hen or poultry are especially intended for the class
pb ment g ills the hand, it is because of

’jvAvr^
CMVM
*
A breeder gives hie method of mak-
PAINT MAKER#
roaghod* or imp: op r shape never I because it ie hard. It it is to be com in- *°K h- ns lay on follows
4
4

e
4
MONTREAL.
711
: -;tJ,. *
$
41 fi
wall) used, the man does not pull on a mitten in warm we i: In r to overcnm bouse warm • defect in it ; neither doea he demand <ompIIished by m • king it double wall- fore and after school on the street, thuu the handle to made of something ®d. Ceil it inside with inch lumber, The regular session closes at half soft, but simply that it he shaped and blliog the spice with cut straw or p%@t two o'clock in the afternoon, and hard. The collar, which is ruuml and fodder or forest leaves ; make it rat after this time the boys who, fith-hard, rolls on the skiu at every motion proof. Make the roof double and fill <»r through poverty or the indifference »f the animal, something after ihi* if in the same way. Then paper the Gf parent#, are not properly and « inner ol ballbearing, admitting the aides with tarred or other thick paper, healthfully employed must attend the dram] thus cooling i he parts, but the tacking tightly and cldeely so as to j^imfcri»! school for the rest of the flat soft collar sticks so closely that delude drafts. Provide a ventilator It compells the skin to move on the made of a wooden tuto four inches an,lei lying flesh in such a way as to «quire inside, long enough to reach poduev li rritation and deep as it d flom tho eir'h floor to one foot aob e
the roof. Ho re holes all around with-
4
e-t'd led!

184
This can be best ac- of boys who idle away tbmr time be-
4
##
s.
V
8,341
2.578
Total deaths Wounded.....
To sons for our Compléta Datais* u* of lihoel and books v.iin SasciAi rates ef diooounL
The River Jordan has us oi igm m one of the Largest Hpriugs in the world.
P*
music
KoariVs	nm toil tir | [ gaCilGPS
Wanted
5.91!)
Grand total These totals are already many times larger than were the American losses in t he original Spanishr-American war.
W li
WHALEY,
I ROYOE&Ofc
nt. of «h" Jap-
More than 99 per ane.se public travels third class
day.
VERY DIPLOMATIC
16» Ysr.ge SL THrente, Ont
In the summer-time the hoys, divided into classes, each under the super trie Lon of a teacher, are trained systematically in gardening year the boys are engaged at various light era fid in workrooms, such ns the making of baskets, brushes and brooms, aal plain carpentry, w to re the use of tools are taught setting and bookbinding are taught to the advanced and older classes.
hit, to
Customer, trying on new assistant—Don’t you think there's a
FOR OVI R FIFTY YV.ARS
Di-iigl»» %rw#., 124 A *« »W# He
Jv> JMT >, Ost
..... METAL ROOFERS
uns wix' r
all the branches of lit He too much of It î	Z*bV''°Jiï
Assistant, in tone of absolute con- ,n4i,ibeh«str
fiction with a note of admiration in ?Jrxt.u^ivw*
it—Oh, no, ma'am. With such a pro. file ad yuuia, you can stand anything
rip*

1
it *
Jills.
in six inches of bottom and same at
«su» ....
Farms for Safe.
1.6
At oth«-r Reasons of the
The above contains both «ound sense
4«d good logic, but tile analog, bc.|toP- """lag lke toP kcfP °ut anow tweet, the shoulder of the horse and the hand of the man should lie carried
rt u
or ram.
"Second, mike a scratching pen, on south side if possible, with plenty of light at ends and in front, with wide doors which can be thrown open In fine weather or cloned in bad weather.
The E- kimos of A'aska m k
w life proof boots and shirts of the skin of the salmon.
2
II triot
orn Htm« Iton ; fru
•8 lores 9 »	.
llvck r I"t* . sl-o 5» a< re at Kjmsl Mt.u m . 8 mil
tr ui linailten
• lilt le fuithcr. They require • fcarejut u.t*ige they become burdened, fur no matter how smooth and will fitted to the hand the implement may to, blisters are sure to rise in con equeme of too close application on fiist commencing work. And right here ia w#cre a little neglect may cause a great deal of trouble. The green colt, and even the old horse after a few weeks, lay off, must have careful attention, until the parts become hardened by moderate work, not only must the collar be il mo o t li and well fitted, but the harness must be taken off during the dinner hour, and the shoulders washed with salted water, and rubbed dry before the collar Is put on again. A little caro and attention at first may
both
until
Type-
J. A. CULHAM, Hamilton
We believe MiNARD’S LINIMENT is the best.
Matthias Foley, Oil City, Ont. Joseph Snow, Norway, Me.
Rev. R. 0. Armstrong, Mulgrave N. S.
Gha«. Whooten, Mulgrave, N.S. Pierre Landry, senr., Poke mouche,
N. B.
Thomas Wasaon, Sheffield, N.B.
Minerd's Liniment Curu Garget in Cowe.
Buy a Farm
if rev
WANT TO
In Weeten Omlario. "The Harden <’f M'.eitoba. sent KKAL kriTATE EXCHANGE
Plenty of litter, such as cut straw and
leaves, must be given so that they will
be compelled to scratch for all their
Thie give* them the exercise	„	..
, for rgg pr.MlBCiton. Arrange “•«'T- however, « not pawl to him
directly, but. is put into a savings-
bank for him, and from time to time
he received his certificates of de-
Bach boy receives a small remuneration for his work wton ib is faith- | fully and obediently performed. The
Old o g» comm-mit respect-except In poultry and jokes.
Gaaaria." or I#
i. W ESTER»
r »ir printed Lisle
McGill < n|!< e Areuue MONTREAL per day.
gi an
AVENUE HOUSE
A Popular M.rvisl
• mg in aeon lens-d
pr-eenl,
form all
that isr'quiHitetoasnisrthelary io rrapi g the l>enetlie of the Jub lee. Substantial, compete and prv.cti. ai lb form Of ludrated Edition on Photo Paper lQo ea :b, f7 50 pet
bui.de J, post paid. D and J. Saui.ikk i Co., Moulmai
JUBILEE OP 1901
n c sa
nrais undvr, the platform, also along sides of scratch ng pm. making them as dark as possible, as hens require seclusion in laying.
"Third, as to feed : In the morning
Fiuiily Hotel rates $1
All moths produce some
silk
W. P. C. lOtt.N
pofllt.
The girls are taught knitting and all kinds of Hewing in the same sy.4-
Every lesson Is The children
YOUR OVERCOATS
i
give a mash of the table leavings, small potatoes and peelings thickened hematic manner
with corn meal and bran mixed, ^ £y dictation, ail in the room
doing the same work at the same time.
CALVERTS
CARBOLIC
»nd fsdrd Suite would leok better dre-l. If no ag*n% •f owr* ie your t-iwu. wr;te direct Montr el Bug 1&&
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO.
Love end philosophy enemies.
are sworn
:
About 10 o’clock
crumbly, not sloppy give a pint of millet or other email grains, screenings or wheat will do, to every twelve hens. Throw this among the litter and kick it under, making
This will keep ih m busy until 4 o'clock, when they
corn, kicked
c
OINTMENT. It Will Pay You
For all skin ailments,
J, C. Calvert & Co., Manchester, England
rake Uiulv, Brome Quinine Tablets. All drugglele refund the money If H faite t# oure. R. W, Groves' ligusiui# le en each but
I
V# eoBFige nil your Produce to ti e
Dawson Com mission Co. Limited
Cor. Col borne end W#s; Market Ht , Ter un te. They will get you higheei possible prices.
35e
A FARMER’S
save a gieat deal of ann y ince and probably loss of time later, and the pah nflicted on Ih.* h >:se v. hi e young
frequently mikes him unreliable, and j should have parched many a promising colt has been per- QIUjor# if there is danger of ‘overfat*
The letter X only occurs once In 1,000 words in the English language. In French it occurs five times often.
>
PILE CURE A trial pact as* of Cex • Pueitir
—	Cure for Piles will be sent free U
soy eddreae on iscelpt of twe cent stamp. No knife, ni
greasy salve. Addreee, TUE H17TCM IN' O EùSC MEDIUM CO., Torouto, Ont	1
them scratch for it
STORY.
as
i
i

I

i
)
i
i
make the exeaing ration one-half
wheat. Give them all they will clean SHORT, STRAIGHTFORWARD, EARN
EST AND TO THE POINT.
. I Minardi Imiment fares Diphtheria.

AGENTS QUEEN VICTORIA. WANTED. y *--------------------
up readily of th s, about a pint to ten hriia. according to size and breed. Give enough, and keep it clean compel your workers to drink filthy A BRIEF Si Oh Y OF INTEREST TO | water. They will drink lots of it if
clean and not too cold.
"Fourth, cleanliness
Pellnr, *emlnrhr% IH/zlnr*<t *¦<! it Frrllag quarters cl. an
.T"" "Tmites. Carbolic acid and whitewash
fer limiter baffe re
There are the
throughout Ca
good health, if not life itself, to the timely use ri Dr. Willhms’ Pink Pills for Pale People. Among these is Misa Maud Patterson, whose home is in the vicinity of Strathroy, Ont. To a reporter who interviewed her, Miss Patterson said : "Several years ago 1 began to suffer from headaches, wag easily tired out, and could see that my health was not what it had been.
At first I did not think there was anything serious the matter, and thought the trouble would piss away.
In this, however, I was mistaken, for as time went <n I became weaker.
The headaches attacked me more frequently, my appetite failed; if I ¦looped I would giow so dizzy that I would almost fall over. I became very pile, and always felt tired and worn out. I was adyiiod to try Dr.
Williams' Pink Pills, and I have reason to rejoice that I followed the advice, and as I continued their use, it seemed at* though day by day they were imparting new life to me. My appetite improved, the headaches disappeared, the pallor left my face, the dizziness that bothered me so much a ho disappeared, and I felt altogether like a different person. I feel that I owe my renewed health entirely to Dr. Williams* Pink Pills, and as I know that there are many girls who suffer as I did I would urge them to lose no time in giving this medicine a fair trial.*1
The case of Miss Patterson certainly carries with it a lesson io others who may be pale, languid, easily tired, or subject to headaches, or the other distressing symptoms that mark the onward progress of anaemia. In cases of this kind Dr. Williams* Pink Pills will give more certain and speedy results than any other medicine. They act promptly and directly, making new, rich red blood, and strengthen the nerves, end correct all the Irregularities incident to this critical period.
Bold by all dealers or sent post paid at 80 cents a box, or six boxes
,Éor 12.50, by addressing the Dr. Wil- deal of careful and exacthg work on Hams' Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont. the record.
A GIRL'S PERIL.
The deaths from consumption in Philadelphia are now one-third ley»

Don’t	Fleteber, efGraetea, Tell* How
He Was «ered ef Lumbago by Dodd’s I than they were 16 or 17 years ago
H r Life sad filwriou- Reign ruak •* the greatest
I: .g *phy e/er written. We w*nt » few mere agents
Ma«s.ve ui-mtrlal volume lavishly illustrat'd. Ktmarte-
Mlriuey rills.
AGENTS WANTED FOR OUR NEW WORK, fchl n " BeeuMf'il Lite and Iliiutrioue Rr go of Queen Victoria"; the b-nk Iseut yet completed, but will be ¦h rtly ; ill the event' of her Majes'y’i life and r-ign Wrt e quick and » full amount of her list moments, death, burial. c-osda. ei ., will be given; Une will be a reliable work, well —	-
Dominion Line Steamships
WILLIAM BRIQCS	tiecood Saloon and Third Claw accommodation. Pel
'	rateâef pastagessd all particulars, apply to auy ageu
Methodist Book and Publishing House, Ter ente, ef the Company, or
..	. .	____ ___________________ gict.ards, Mille k O,
77 titaUdL, Horton.
|low prit-for such a mags i Besot kook. Nooxeerienoe or cap lal neves ary ; npewsirr ou'Si fre- ; freight p Id; bn ik< on time Anybody < a* make frowi 5tc tlflper day.
J. L Nickels* (Je., Pabliaherâ, Toronto.
G run tun, Ont., Fob. 26, (Special),— There are few people in this county who <io not know Mr. John Fletcher, farmer, of Granto-n. Mr. Fletcher is
Minard1,s Liniment Cures Distemper
ALL YOUNG WOMEN.
Keep their Look out for lice and
The game of billiards first came into fashion in England and France in the sixteenth century.
$
J "	will den them out of the house, while ^ not	we“ known but higbly
muylnaa ot young girl' ^ acid and jttaect powder wi|, keep respected, and his many friends will
njftia who owe their them oft the fowls.’*	|rejodce to hear that he has entirely
recovered from the very severe tit tack
ID
$100 Reward, $100.
The readers of this paper will be pleased te learn that there I» at least one dread
He has giron out |
case | Cere is the only positive cure now known to AGENTS—“LIFE AND TIMES OK O the medical raterolty. Catarrh being a coni- n tons containing a fu-1 a< ount of th titutional di-ease, requires a consiitutional trleus leign in th* bis-ery of the wjr;d; Including the
ycarLbh^hugo a.,. KMary !	g |	^
giving the patient nf resigth by building up * wjeatul molber; wonderful growth of the BriLmb Em* ! constitution and assisting mature in doing its pire, etc, together with » «ketch of rhe life of king work. The propriété ! have so much faith in Edward VII., written by A. L Merrill, B.A.; the most lie curative powers, that they offer « no Hue- complete end autbsUio life f Ei,g uni's illustrious j dred Dollars for any case that if falls to cure. Queen : embellished with more than 100 superb eng.av
inga of historic scene*, portraits, etc. ; nearly su r'""* red page* ; price $1.73 : out tit free to experience-1 vaiera; we pay freight; *ive credit, premiums, literal com mi 4-10114; ne promises broken The old reliable company, f.rish Kubii.liingi-o., T ironto.
of Lumbago, w^foich almost prostrat
d disease
LIVE STOCK NOTES
od hi m, last year
Slivep starved in winter will have the following statement of his weak .spots in their wool next spring.
When a ho raw has been worked all
D. Torraoc# A Ce .
Muni real and hertfend
UEKN via
e me
and its cure
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL-OOMFORTI NO.
COCOA
day it should be carefully groomed at night.
If raising sheep for mutton select the breeds which grow rapidly and mature early, rather than th me which pro-iucc a heavy fleece of wool.
Ewes that come from sheep that have often had twins will be more likely to have twins, and if the male came from a twin ewe all the better for rapid increase of the flock.
The highest type of beef steer in the estimation of the packer of this day, without nam'ng all the characteristics, is rather short, wide and deep and of ccu sc thick-fleshed type is all right, but we think a little hard to ma n a n because it seems Inclined to grow too short and block/	......
. .	. .	,	. . .	You can measure time, in the ab-
with consequent loss of weight.	,	. . .	. .	..	,
Ho.s=s should have at least seventy. wnc<; ot a watch' ’V tbe beat,ng
your heart. In most adults the
heart beats about 70 times per min-
if you art; boilimg an egg, inak-
My urine was of a very
Trouble.
dark rod color, and my back was fearful bad. I could get nothing to help me. Dodd's Kidney Pills cured me. 1 am well, Lumbago all gone, and urine natural color."
»ii kuiid
; ; near to expe
Bond for list of testimonial*
F J.CHKNIYfcCO., Toledo O
can
aid
tSSBlKSi
Sold b
Halle
76c.
and
are the bee
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
The remedy that cured Mr. Fletcher has never failed in Kidney Trouble. Dodd's Kidney Pills ujc the hope of every sufferer from Lumbago, Sciatica, or Lame Back fail.
8SÎ4SSMSSS56S55SVKSS9
NO CURE, NO PAY
They never

YOUR BODY AS A TIMEPIECE.
The

Dr. McLaughlin’s Electric Belt Is Sold on This Basis to Men and
Women Everywhere. Not a Cent to be Paid Until
the Cure Is Complete.
Hew Yon May Ko I nu Egg, Hake Tea nr Tim a Karr Without a Wattle.
The Dr. McLaughlin Electric Belt is the only remedy in the world which can be stfid on such a plan. It is the only never-failing cure for Rheumatism, Lame Back, Nervousness, General Debility, Loss of Power in Young, Middle-Aged and Old Men, Varicocele, Weak Back and Kidneys, Drains of Vitality, Wasted y Energy, Sleeplessness, Pains in Head, Back. Chest, Shoulders and Limbs, Female Weakness, Bearing Down Pains and all those ailments from which women suffer, it cures after all other remedies have failed. Why? Because it restores nerve life, animal vitality, warmth and vigor to all weak parts. It makes them strong, it restores them to what nature intend ed them, health, vitality; and you know, dear reader, if each organ of the body is strong and acts vigorously you will be in peifect health.
Any man or woman who will secure me can have my appliance and
five minutes for each meal. If they finish in leas time, as they probably will noth'ng will be list by giving ih. m a few minute.' rest and diges. in« *** or "Aching 1 ,<MW racv' tion will be belter if it i. well under a** 3,011	t0 <*° ** t0 pul 0,0111
bvloe I ha an mils work. Fifteen KoRer on your pulse, and you haw a
first-rate stop watch
utie

L
&
;

>1
way
, fx *
But tb; pulse

or twenty minutes longer given the home* at a meal will be more than made up by ’quicker and more vigor-
The horee that his seventy-five m nu es for meals can, and will, do mure work than the horse that has only forty-five minutes.
}
<

it
ia not the same in all pcopl beaus aa slowly as 00 to the minute in 40me, and as fast as 75 in oth+uS, it would therefore be necessary <o know at what rate your pulse usual-

x\r
ous action in the field


y.

ly beats.
Another way of measuring time with tolerable accuracy is by the
Most people breathe 15
Keeping the record' of a large purebred herd is very tedious, exacting and intricate. The value of pure-bred breeding stock depends largely on the integrity and authenticity of the re-co d if the breeding. Intending buyers of purebred bulls do not always appreciate this until they get some understanding of It and are apt to think that pure-bred stock comes too high. A short time In charge of a pure-bred herd will convince any one he must have some pay for a good
breat hing times per minute, or once every 4
So that in boiling an egg
PAY WHEN CURED.
seconds
for 3 minutes you would count 45
Are you sick ? Are you in pain ? Are you tired of doctoring without result ? Then come to me or write to me. I am the only man In the world who has confidence enough in his remedy to wait for his pay until you ai e cured, I know what I can do and am you do not you can try it first, and I will wait for my pay until you are cured. I have cured 50,000 people in the last twenty years, and, though 1 can’t cure every case, I am willing to stand the loss where I fail So feme and try it now. You have noth ng to lose.
I give a free test to all who call. !f you can’t call I will send you my beautifully formation free. Call or write now. Don’t delay.
braaUm.
The writer onoo experienced being confined in a coal mine for three days ü consequence of an explosion occurring while he was attending a badly Injured workman. When his watch stopped he bid no means of telling how the time wa.i oiasLng. Remembering thit be hjn a clinical thermometer with him, he wag. however,
illustrated book with full in


dr. m. d. McLaughlin
130 Yonge St., TORONTO, ONT.
3
I
orriCR HOURS : 9 a.ID to ISO p in.


X

\
\
(
(
i


1

###PAGE###4###


V









r-î : f








\


r tm m»'» V
THE EQUITY.
Hounds Astray.
THE MARKETS.
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS FEBRUARY
. . . SHAWVILLE . .
St ray et 1 from the undersigned near Jam. Slovene at the head of Bertrand U&ke, two honucts one black and tan with short
hair; the other Mack and tan and white with large Mark wpotM on back and white striae on legs, running to hack. well bred. Any Information of the above will he thankfully received by
Mil'll AKL tiOHMAN, Fort Contango.
SH IWViLLE.
SHAW VILLE. MARCH 7,1901.
Wheal, t
lard) TO to 75c.
Outs per bushel, ”7 to per bushel, <•' . Buckwl
The (Quebec Legislature which hat» been in session for some time, is expected to A't down to actual business this week.
Both are IV;
SALE
per bush.
I t'l

K
r
x pei
Butter, pi v pouvul, 17 to 18c.
per pound, 10 to 1m*. Pelt>, each, UOto 75c,
Pork, y7.50 to 87.75.
Beef, s>5.po i Hub
A Vi
Dr. (J. M. Dawson, Director of the Zoological Survey at Ottawa, died suddenly from bronchitis on Saturday. *
Sir Wilfrid Laurier has d \o to Australia to attend the Common

J. 0. ELLIOTT,
Our stock of Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware I is in every respect complete and will be sold at reduced prices to make room for Spring Stock.
1(10 \U

• f
I l
i
t 1
Vi
s l
# is
DEALER IN
NND MAN! I’ACTVKKK OF ALL KINDS OF
#
i]
O

OTTAWA
SEWING MACHINES
WRINGERS
WASHERS
CHURNS.
i cvivuumieH
n II
nvntnvy duties he will not he at V. ia understood that H will go in his place.
i.t
1 » l
per lh,
* |
I
Mr. M
fjough and Dressed
1



I
>ir

Vi t issue. *
Vlie rej/ort, published in o that the Morgan h> ndieatv had purchased 'he stock of the Dominion Iron and
\
@2.(Xi to $3..Vi per bill. 7 to Ik*, per IK Mutton, 5 to 7c. per lb.
Beef. 3 tot"c. per ll>.
;
Chickens, lit) to Xk. a pair. Oats, 29 to 31c. per bushel. Hay, to @10.(Xt per ton. Wo)), 1 î to l^v. per lb.

IT*' *

1
MY
Lumber Shingles, See.
5
stool Co., of Cap ' cully denied hy Mr vice-president and genera! manager. This gentleman d. dares there for such .1 deal such as has been reported. This is welcome intelligence.
DALE BROS.,
Shawvillo, Qua.
P. S.—Highest price fer Hides,
Calfskins and Pelts.
Breton, is t mplnti A. J. Mvxham
i
i
1
o
is no room
JUST IN!
NEW GOODS
LARGE ASSORTMENT.
PLANING & MATCHING
to order.
CUSTOM SAWING
hue ns cheaply as the cheapest.
! Highest Cash Price paid for all kinds ; |	<>f sound Log's, Shingle Bolts, Ac.
d
me
NOTICE.
3 \
lieferring to Mr. Rourassm resolution in I he House that no more Canadian h
allowed to go to South Africa, tlnilnv x :	itj r.m.pany i
war should be steppe A and that the Boers 11 Tkfr1'1 :l <)f Hallway from -houM ,K. g«,W
3 Font real Star says ;	• ( : ‘ -v an ! ihv mouth of the Pumoine
. “ Mr. Bourass»’* pro- l«y r	dhlÜK hhfcouK I .1
i- a piece of mischievous impertinence.	Black and Pu moine Hirer*, and thence	I	I	IHfl RÛH
l he mere discussion of such a motion	by	northerly to the shore of James* Hay ; and	LUI	11 UCI
\ colonial parliament at a time when the t0 gtnalnamate w*th. lease or enter into
T % “ fp-; «• ssss
lect. encouragement to the enemy.	any part thereof ; w ith power to construct
•-------	branch lines ; to own. charter and run
liately after the session. Sir Louis powers and privileges : to purchase, use Davies will jo out and be succeeded by sell electricity for all purposes ; to i
^.S^-SSSiirlK t«m wwiog both lumber and
1c* »,i«» MpwMni.tiT.of it, Judici.1	Ai%k»-»t rwmM> rates,
SSSSif.'XtoSSft,*»» Si .Stiffs: s;iss S'4 ÏÎ0. i,,vPar.cd «» FT
Judgjiiip.	delivered at Hodgins’
Brick Yard. -
I


b
t I ton v i
t > the i
hnulJ 1 i

_1)J
^ ii
<
an 1
? ]
f f

Fop Sale


1
>tnm
MAIN STREET, • SHAW7ILLE.
r

Hie South I
? 1
f I
l>hy. Hü i Niuî to t untain about fifty (more or le v. The lau.i is... ,
till •	| . f -	--¥ I
railway station and po.s{ office. Will ho # on terms to suit purchaser.
I	Apply to T. ft MURPHY,
Am prior, Ont.
Smart & Smith. Ë
I
Sawing.
P. S.—Harness.
FALL
* #
I wish to inform the public that I am prepared to do eus
JHE DAVID MAXWELL & SONS
SHOW-ROOMS, SHAWVILLE, QUE.,
GOODS I
t
for.
Th© Minister of Agriculture has decided that in taking the census, not merely native-born, but all persons born ic Bri-'ain or British Cvlmies who are permanent residents of the country and have been so for several years past and all
Territories ire in Ottawa. They will await the arrival cf Mr. Drury commissioner for British Columbia, and then hold a conference with Commissioner ^!ue and the members of Parliament rom the West, when the plans for taking rhe census will be mapped out.
Ibtod Ottawa, January 2nd, 1001. CHRYSLER & BETHI NK. Solid tort, for Applicant#
Are now open for business.
I will also pay $1.50 per cord for a quantity of good, sound 4 foot wood.
Our customers will find well stocked up with a good
. . line of . .
us
AVIS.
Farmers will consult their best interests by calling and inspecting sample of latest improved

«I. J. McCLEARY.
SEASONABLE GOODS
our
Shaw ville, Feb. 11. 1901.
of all kinds for
eti coqx>ra*
tion une compagnie de chemin defer jwxur construire une voie ferrée partant de quelque point sur la rivière Ottawa, dans le «onitd de Pontiac, dans eu entre le township d’Onslow et l'embouchere de la rivière Du moine, de la par la route la plus practicable jusqu ou district arrosé par les rivières Voulongv, Noire et Du*
¦
1 Je fer, ou s’y raccord, et transmettre des
messages pour des tins commerciales, et prélever des péages
CHRYSLER
Fall & Winter Trade
Farmers, Attention !
Disc Harrows Fleury’s Ploughs.
McRAE & IVicGUIRE
AC ENTS.
D. McRae’s Old Stand, .
ceneue
THE McCOBMICK
and a comparison of prices will show that we are in it with the best of them for good values and satisfactory dealing.
CABEI'UL INSPECTION INVITED.
And
HARVESTING
IS SECOND TO NONE IN THE WORLD.
o
I am prepared to supply the same to the farmers of Hoot Lie on reasonable terms, and also to furnish REPAIRS, which will always l»e kept on hand, thus avoiding delay in having to send away for them.
Horses taken in exchange for Machinery. .
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE’S CORNERS.
*
• Main Street, Shawville.
ALP. HOWARD,
FRESH and CURED
ax
AM ENT TOR
The McCormick Harvesting Machine Company
ALSO TOR
Organs, Pianos and Sewir^g Machines.
MEATS
SNOW Æ
nTT/Mnoi Sltilhg

%
X
of all kinds at
NOTICE.


| THE SHAWVILLE
SKATES*!®8*Mapket
J. O. McGUIRE,

Notice is hereby given that application will he made to the Parliament of Canada
pour co service	tx ^. nex^, session, for an Act to amend
ft RKTHr\F ' Act relating to the Ottawa and Gati-
parcel P.st.	o Sollieituers des reifuilrants. that of the ÔuawVuRUnëau'and'West?
In the II ms) of Common* on Wcd- tiawa, - janvier 1901.	em Railwry ; to empower it to acquire or
orders.	Mr. Giver submitted an amendment that Ottawa Interprovincial Bridge Company,
Mr. Mulock said a beginning had been ! l^e S3*e to farmers should continue as at fJu* Ottawa Electric Railway Company.
EsHmkSs I EHE-mBE i SeMSeee!
to facilitate the collection and delivery of the Uuverument thoaght they would like the stock or bonds of any one or more of —	—	_
the mails, which included parcels. The ! * diviîion» to 8ee if their majority really | ^em ; to i>sue stock, common or prefer-	|	O	CStCh tvlG tVP
department was not considering either was mc,rc lhan 9- The Liberal whips ^ld lx)nfs ^cured by mortgage or	J
Mr1- -m"’ •*"	MüœSfëS and*he Mind
Mr. VV allace took the ground that par- \°f the amendment, totalling in all 155. i to acquire, work and dispose of. mines and	flt th©	SaiYlP	Timp
cela should not be carried throngh the ! After tine joke on the Government's part t timber lands and the products thereof ; to	weesae^	¦ IIIIV
li except at the actual cost of their I the Opposition thought they would join ac<jlulre’ ®«*t, use, and dispose of pulp
a sait?,6 aœtes r.a, ! SSS^
country was being directed into wrong ' w™ch resulted in a vote of 150. Taking channels. The departmental stores hav-! lhe vote8 aa a tria* °f strength, there ing parcels carried by mail for less than w°old seem to be a majority of one for cost of transportation, were able to under-1 Conservatives.
•ell the country stores.

N

/
SESSIONAL NOTES
At Bottom Prices.
MCDOUGALL & (*,
We are selling at cost.
Proorletor.
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
Desirable Property
for Sale.
The undersigned offers for sale his farm property, desirably situated in the Front of Clarendon Township, being Lot No. 3, on the 3rd range thereof, and containing one hundred acres (more or less) of good . ,	.	land, all tillable, with about 70 acres clear
is tbe art » advertising. This Ad. illustrates how true th.ssajmgespecially to those wishing pleasant and
profltablc employment. “ Canada's Sons on Kopje and	StttT S
Veldt the only hook dealing exclusively with the Canadian Contingents, is the book to handle. OHiciol, Au. '°TbT$™
thentic, Cheap, sells on sight to everybody, and anybody æî.KSii'Lt'nKl,! jfc.'S can sell it. Capital or experience not necessary. Send
lor Tree Outfit and make mnnov	*	or half cash down, with balance in yearly
L J •	payments at 6 per cent Interest. Foi
t her particulars apply to the owner.
The Bradley-Garretson Co., Limited,	J ,a 1 CK&.
Brantford, Ont.	1	”c 0Atïï*Jn.
ma
are
II. B. McGIVERN,
_	, Solicitor for said Company.
Dated at Ottawa the 11th day of January. 1901.
NO POPKRY OATH DlSlThSID
mv	...	was the abjuration of the Catholic faith,
Ottawa, p ebruary o< — Ra (way passes * ndt} s eeasion of the House extended and therefore the house was strictly limant! mileage for members and the Mont- well into Saturday morning in consequeuce «ted to this, that the Canadian parliament real Turnpike Trust occupied the alien- of the lengthy discussion pr< duced by the petition the king and parliament to amend tion of the House of Commons this after- j 44 no popery ’ resolution introdnced by the declaration and objuration by the King w°n' t^he moliun Wr* Robinson, of Mr. Coatigan. By a vote of 125 to 19 the of the Catholic faith in terms that wonld West Elgin, to compel the railways to House adopted a resolution to petition not bo offensive to Catholics. For our issue passes, and abolish mileage was lost His Majesty for such an alteration of the parliament to ask for the abolition of the aftiu 8 M°0d deaI °f di8CU8aion-	(coronation declaration aa will remove entire declaration would then the speakers
Mr. Monk spoke to his motion for a therefrom all expressions offensive to the contended, be met with rebuke when it statement showing the receipt and ex King's subjects of the Roman Catholic came before the English people and penditure of the Montreal Turnpike faith. As introduced by Mr. Costigan government. When these points were Trust and their last ten years’ annual last evening, the resolution differed some- thus made clear Sir Wilfred Laurier and statements until <> o'clock when the debate what from the form in which it was given Mr. Costigan consented to accept the on this subject was adjourned Mr. as a notice of motion in the house Tnesday suggestion made by the leader of the op Monk, it may be said, intends asking the afternoon. But even as amended it failed position Mr. Boiden, to petition the King Government to abolish all toll gates on to commend itself, to the house. The to eliminate from the declaration! | the island of Montreal, and thus do away debate proceeded with all moderation on terms or words that were especially often-with an obsolete system.	both sides, but it was not till after it had »ive to any of the King's subjects and in
After recess the farrmn had a chance, been in progress for some hours that that form the resolution was adopted, and during a rather long evening session, Messrs Haggarr, Maclean and Northrup
• fur-
»
.303 Calibre.

any
Savage Magazine Rifle.
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
Tie Oily Hammerles Smokeless fi-Sbooter.

CIO., UTICA, X. Y., V. 8. AMERICA.


r


r



541
###PAGE###5###




é*r





B



*











Us

THE EQUITY,
Court Shswville,
ifo rte.
A» « - *" - ¦¦
1I.O.F
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUDLISHID 1V1RT T1IU11HDA V
AT Hlf AW VILLAS, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
8UB3CNIPTI0N -$1.00 A YEAN IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages v paid, unless by special arrangement with ublliber.
Spring mu
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
SPRING 1901 j
mi
Meets the 4th Wed ne# day of every month.
Court due# muet be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Booms.
LUI
DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT
«##*
A. SMILEY, Prop.
t. A. Cowax, n 9.
H. ». Baux«tt#F.»
John Br.cKrrr. C. R
:o:
• t
ADVERTISING RATES :
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR, JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
W*! advertising. eight cents per line for Aral Insertion and four cents per Hue for each subsequent Insertion.
Business card* not exceeding one Inch Inserted st HOU per year.
I/Orel announce monts Inserted at thr rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and three cent* for subsequent Insertions.
I [ „ I by the month pvriode Inserted at low rates, be given on application.
Advertisements received without Inatruo-Hon* accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry th conta per line.
Our Showing includes all the New Cloths
and Fashionable Shades.
Oui' Values are acknowledged to be the Best.
#
We claim to be recognized leaders in
HIGH-CLASS DRESS GOODS.
FOR
Tin
Commercial ndrertliln fur longer which will
SLEIGHS,
CUTTERS,
ROBES,
BLANKETS,
HARNESS,
WHIPS, BELLS, &c:,
A Fashion a uu; If ami Cir, Uor»D Shampoo, or
A Clean Shave.
Sf \ our Turn next.
ree
&
JOB PRINTING.
i
1
All Minds of .lob Priming neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by in all promptly attended to.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and
< JEWELLER
See our beautiful Velour Cashmeres,
Satin Amazons, Satinettes, Ghevoits,
Serges, Poplins, Siikilines and Priest... ley's Famous Black Goods....
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.
Business Cards.

SEEPS
a ecisrr srixK or
WATCHED,
CLOCKS, JBW1LLERT. SILVERWARE «to. Ac. .

MEDICAL.
3
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B.^., M.O. ,C.M.

Graduate or McGill Univkrmtt,*
O Wee—Residence of the Ute Dr. H. H Knox, Shaw ville.
Office hours Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
Rkcaîrino—
a Speciality;
CALL AT
r
-:CRUM’S ENGLISH PRINTS:-
SHAWVILLE, Q.
: SMILEY’S.
Newest Patterns ! Best Quality ! Lowest Prices !
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
GEO. HYNES
*)
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Orsduste of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow Ly examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omet a yd Rkhidknce : J. If Armstrong's House, MAIN STREET • - SHAWVILLE.
J L
OUR CARPET DISPLAY
5OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO F
FURNITURE DEALER AND g <3 PaR0rama |
UNDERTAKER,
BOORBEAÜ RAINVILLE, L, L. L, i SHAWVILLE, - - QUE. | §
represents the pick and choice of the best manufacturers. The designs
are tasty and artistic, i ^	m____x ,.	_	,	_	_
and the remarkable part i You Want the Best Book Ever
is that prices are so Tow.
$21.60 for $1.50.
O
c
LEGAL.
§ Beowty |
? OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOS
Published About Canada ?
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON will visit Shaw villi every Monday.
9
A large, well selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Then Read This :
KEEP On Show Window for SPRING HAT YOUR Display. They will arrive about the
EYE
WM. GAMBLE,

f ,s* f
1 *71 Uil
IN UNDERTAKING
BARRISTER, Ac
Room 20, Trust Building. No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Shswvllle, second and fourth Thursday w	‘of each month.
<kMce-over O. F. Hodgtns’ Store, Mala 8f.
•f
1st of March.
I also keep a complete stock of t une-ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
What is “ Picturesque Canada ?”
paper.
o
G. F. HODGINS
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
District and Country
SiSSSaS— ÈæKËË
'
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC-,
The Methodist centuiy fund, according t) the Rev. Dr. Potts, is now $tiO,OOÇ over the million mark*
The Anglican Synod of Mojtreal 1 a: passed a resolution recommcndirg the formation of it choral union to improve the Quality of church music throughout the diocese.
wnh ih»ir tempered copper Mdisre. J We can pay you highest market price (in cash) % I hav»8 beg»nn to Ü5e"m^,	for your wheat any time you fetch it along.
iactorlly.	older from » Toronto firm.	tt».	,	...	_	,
smawville	que.I D^idcuthb*r:.on, of ou».». who!	We can d0 your gnstmg and give you best
wa. injured at a level railway erraainp [ Satisfaction in retUHlS. 3Ild floUF Which will
m Ottawa, hia en'erjd an action against ___, ,_____.	’	.	.	„	,
the Canadian Pacitic H.ilway claiming | enaDle JOU tO CBITy Off pnZ€S in bread
sd.ooo ramages.	tition at the county fair every time.
The Hon. Dr. Montsgue has been pre-
:W, e»n «til yw at lowest prices Plow, Orain,
“»pe6d-
A highly c mpl mentary address accotu-
RAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT ! panied the pieientation.
X> rthawvllle .Qq*., respectfully solicits
en,5yeïïî?le,?r.i -3Lbl^lDe,e.8lo.0.o?.De0?lon ; Sheriff Wright, of Hull, has been
| »ot,fied ,1, t tho see. o, < f the Cimirat Court, wh'ch was announced for this month, li h been postponed till June. By that time, it is expected, that arrange-LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County j meats will hare been completed for the Pontiac. Sates conducted In a business-like j holding of the court sc aliens in the Hull
^n»k'i?duK“aVddti|^Ôrby*pubiîî *>"« house, now being rebuilt.
:ircP:^e^edu^7DS‘hbiewiî[,,rôn^ab. I Th. Montrai Star report. : The Gen
month, a variety of article* always on oral Hospital Lndowment rund has been land for sale; Office ; Shaw ville, t^ue.	I incrciaed by another princely donation.
The donor in this case is Mrs. J. B.
Boulter, of Fort Coulonge, who contributes $1000 in roemoriam of her late bus band. The amount has been deposited to the credit of the special fund.
OF THE PROVINCE OF QCEJSBC,
Trust Building—
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
48 Sparks Street. Ottawa. Phono No. 1324.
Attends courts of Ottawa and ' Pontiac District#.
How Old Subscribers Can Get It.
Farmers I
is a générons offer, for the book is so large that it cannot go by mail, we must express it to you, and the expense to you and back will alone cost us fifty cents.
(Coupon to be signed by new Subscriber.)
W. W. IRELAND,
###
Clerk of the District Magistrates’ Court,
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
NOTARY PITBLI \ NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND SAVINGS CO.,OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be In Shawvilie on Tuesday and Sat-1 ‘ urday of every week.
Ptv|lhbhersThe Journal, Ottawa, Out.
compe-
........................ 1901.
I hereby subscribe to the Evening Journal for one year, agreeing to pay the usual subscription of $3.00 payable in three months at $1.00 per month.	r
Name
• • •
Address

WILLIAM ELLIOTT
l
If the new subscriber you send should also wish to have “ Picturesque Canada" you can get it for him by sending 30 cents from him and his promise to send $4 more at $1 per month, to pay for both the book and a year's subscription to The Journal
<
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.

How New Subscribers Can Get It.
A person desiring to become a subscriber to the Journal, can either get the book through old subscribers, as above, or by signing and sending direct to the Journal the following coupon :	'
1901
1901
J. J. TURNER,
OR
i
Publisher» The Journal. Ottawa. Ont. *	...............*
I hereby request the Evening Journal to send rue Picturesque Canada for $1..», and the Evening Journal for one year at *3.00. In payment,I dose 30 cents down and agree to pay $1 per month for four months.
Name
OREMOST
URNITURE.
en-
* • •
HOTELS.
We are meeting your demand for cheap, -dium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, A ah and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.....................
L
ie-
Address
• • •
St. Lawrence Hall,
If. after getting the book you do not want it. you can SEND IT BACK AT OUR GOST if you wish w ithin three days, and be released from your obligation to pay further, and the Journal will be sent to you for two mouths in consideration of the 50 cents which you have paid to us.

The Richmond Guardian reporta that the officers of the law came down with a heavy hand on the illicit whiskey sellers
Good Accommodation™ Taole and Bar.I-1 ¦» W">d'°r Mill. ; « large qoant.t, of all ways well furnished.	kinds was seized, and of course confisca-
First-clam Livikt Attachnr>	ted. Prosecution and (he sure fines
- followed. The “trade ’ have had it all I their own way since the Mathieu j seizure four years ago, and infractions of • the law have become so open and wide; spread that even anti Dunkin act people became ashamed ; bonce the seziures.
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
The Ottawa Valley Journal
We have also a first-class assortment of
Any one who sends ns five new subscribers to the Ottawa Valley Journal at one dollar a year each, for the best semi weekly farm and home paper published in Canada and encloses the five dollars will receive a bound copy of this splendid book FREE and earh subscriber of the Ottawa Valley Journal foi a year us well ns 4‘ Farm and Home," a semi monthly.
?
TERMS REASONABLE.
CHARGER MODERATE. SATISFACTION til’AH A VIRER.
--------O--------
PERSONAL ATTENTION.
ESTABLISHED 1886
The Shawrille
SASH and
HOOB
f
• e
• #
• e
• •
•	An Education in a Book.
U ¦________ This book is an education in itself. If you yourself wish to know nil about the
DlSTIBOTINO Home, Kxowlton, Pbo• ?=-_______________1 _ .	¦________________j— beauty and variety of Canada-or if you Wish your boys and girls to know—if you
•	an wgo!''	OU 40 Madoc'	|^l^‘ ^he^od her aialer*! dhub*1	respert!' bos	puM?sh^.^^"0Mtry. TmwnlflSntopportunity!
SïSS-s as?S&£5
lady of Sind Point haa undertaken to	mllA ;nt«r«et»d It i*. likalr that the	the Auditor-General a report lant war re-	6<i7 buehele of wheat, and New Brurs-	work to the compilers of the	statistics
collect funds in Pembroke, Pskeoharo,	denartment will sent an exuort to look	^^od from the public	chest	the follow-	wick, 2,811,105 bushel i. The same pro-	and conveys no meaning of	value to
and elsewhere, for the p.trpoae, .he aaya:	Prof Co urine de C.Tb ium ~	,inc”'il '' declered' »>'" 'broad anybody.	I ¦
of building a Freibylemn church .t Sand	whn *£, been iooklns! (,T.r the oil Jd.	Salary.......................*.1,00.00	287,70-- and 42 83H barrel, of flour. As	lnhi.budget.peechbeforetheOnt.r o
Point. The people of lba, peaceful hamlet L,Woitem Ontario for the Go.ernmeat.	Lmog «penses.................. 1173.10	a matter of fact neither ran... enough	Leg.ala-ure Hon. Mr. Itoa,	claimed „ '
,h‘v.::::::::: %
--------- «I to col'ect fund« for *uch » tarpon. * The find ws, nude on the farm of Mr. Insurance and handbooks.	20 00 be seen on page after page of the table,. to put j, ,t ,jx and .even million., which
m.	iu„ w.,.W. ..Sis	t.SutStiS^S !L	Za::::: SS	=:
of willful murder against Alex. Sharpe *Dy member of that denomination. It is	-»- ----------------------------gsrded a. useless by those who know ” which a numt. , - f hu.ine.f
fur the shooting of William Hull near that about $100 were raised in A very ead fatality incurred in Wei-	14,821.59 whet the facte are. Just after Coofeder-
Havelock on the 20th inst. Sharpe has pakenham alone. The public should be ford, neer Smith's Falls, Feb. £0th, Verily, he who huggoth the machine been committed to Peterboro jail to wary when approached by a smiling dam- when Miss Stella Etnpey, the thirteen, is not forgotten by the masters thereof, etand hie trial at the Spring Assizes. esl for money contributions.	year-old daughter of Mr. Abt. Empey, remarks the Montreal Gazette. ¦¦
J. GRAHAM
SHAWVILLE.
$21.60 for $1.50.
—ALL KINDS OF—
Interior & Eiterior
FINISH FOR
Houses it Versadshs
Shawvillo Agency at The Dri <: Store.
fare, out, 1) these
MANUFACTURED.
DOORS, 8ASII, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. At .
Kept In stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POFULARPRICEH.

McCREDIE & HODGINS.
Estimates famished.
men
..	. lL	, knocked the wind out of the balloon.
•Ron, when the province, were commet- Hence the ahriok.ge in the bo.it.; and
daily much more separate* than they hence nleo the heavier Use. which Ont.-are now, the division by provinces of the r o’( commercial enterprise has to lx.-.




/

/









###PAGE###6###
T- X

---\

" \
v— ,	-

> 1


X



X
t

V
if-
) •
V
i
TO COPY THE GOOD QUEEN |
AS TO SPECTACLES FOR ANIMALS.
tasteful and not In the least required. If I could only have foreseen
SOME MAL INVEË.MKBTS
%
/
that within • fortnight I was to be I	—1	n r'M *** *'**r Th«m Mr special I'ur
enjoying the doubtful pleasure of | KINO EDWARD’S CONSORT, THE ¦’.bttl '*« f *• •• Ain te Tlalaa.
that very gentleman s society, under I POPULAR ALEXANDRA.	** lnQUlr7, an optI°-
circumstances ne important as life I	'	Ul * U< m	tiovor known,
-H—S3
1 lu* handwriting of the second	* *uir «I «pecteoJss,which the account | Urge lavraiwcwi».
sra.-^.'ï i-Tïïs “rrr "£r:"
mmm
idea that a manly, almoat martial rul- As a
er. »nee more control, their g'tgj of ^ awt u, apecUolel to th„
of any wearer would require the ox- 000 invested in Union and Southern oroiso of intelligence <jw the part of Pacific, Illinois, Central, Atchison,
The Man Who Knows.
CROWNED HEADS HAVE LARGE IN TEREST IN THE UNITED STATES.
"If I had five thousand pounds to of those long white fingers on the throw away,** replied Nikola, "1 might cat's black fur seemed to send a cold think of it, Mr. Baxter, but am I shiver right dowu my spine. Bit by haven't you must understand that it bit 1 began to feel a curious sen sale impossible." Then seeing- that the lion of dizziness creeping over me. other was anxious to be going, he con- “Because you will not go. tinued, "Must you be off? then good- cannot go. 1 forbid you to go.
1 roused myself with an effort and
Baxter shook hands with us both | sprang to my feet, crying am 1 did with laboured cordiality, and having done so slunk from the room.
When the door closed upon him Hid me to do anything? 1 II go on
Nikola turned to me.
You
It run as follows;—
"West Cliff, Bournemouth, ‘Tuesday Evening.
night."
according to well posted financial au-geueral proposition the fitting thorities in Now York.
Emperor William hna about
so:
M> dear Mr. llattoiaa,	I There exists something of that foc 1-
l have great and wonderful nows with which the London appren-
Friday, come whal miiy. And I'd like | to tell youl This week has proved an ticej| j,ai|ed th„ IIC0Pa8iuin „f the hist, ..	..... „ .	„	.
"There must be some fascination to ere tbe man who will prevent me." I extruordinarUy evvntful one lor me. Kdward, av there is little wonder that	ea uu uul to lhu tilting. Topeka and other American railroads
about a missionary's life after all," | Though he must have realised that for what do you think! My father QUeen Alexandra, for the present, nl<	astilg^ano° w°uld bo given bonds. HLs wife's private Investment!
he said. "My old tutor, Baxter, as his attempt to hypnotise me, for at- has suddenly decided that 1 shall ownes In for lnil a sin ill part of this *'* 1,10 Human animal, man. But this in railroad stocks here amount to you are aware, has a comfortable tempt it certainly was, hud proved travel. All the details have been virile enthusiasm.	64,0111 uult ** expected of horses and $600,000, while the other members o<
position with the young Marquis of » failure, he was not in the least dis- settled in a great hurry. You will A diplomat, thoroughly conversant d<>gS Beckenham, which, if he conducts concerted.	understand this when 1 tell you that I with court details, informed
himself properly, may lead to some- My dear fellow," he murmured Mr. Baxter and 1 sail for Sydney In tentative of the Associated Press that thing really worth having in the ff"ntly, knocking off the ash of his the steamer Saratoga next week. My her Majesty assumes her increased future, and yet here he is anxious cigarette against the table edge as father telegraphed to Mr. Baxter, responsibilities with a feeling almost tv surrender it in order to go back hv did so, "no one is seeking to who is in London, to book our pas- akin to regret. "I am growing so tv his missionary work in New Prevent you. I gave you, at your sages and to choose our cabins this old/' she said the other day, "that 1 Guinea, to his hard life, insufficient own request—you will do me the morning. I can only say that my almost feel unable to face the ardu-food, and almost certain death." justice to admit that—a little piece greatest wish is that you were com-|0us duties before me."
of advice. If you do not care to lug with us. Is it so Impossible! Uan-follow it, that is your concern, not not you make your arrangements fit mine; but pray do not blame me. in! We shall travel overland to
"Ami what right have you to for-
c yea
the royal house of Prussia, compru-Scuno defects of vision in their eyes in# Prince Henry, Prince Albert, might ho determined without the aid Prince Leopold and the widowed Km-of the subject examined, but intellig- prone Frederick are represented in ent co-o|)orutiun in the fitting, could American railroad companies by an-not I» had in their case; even if it other 12.000,000.
were desirable for them to wear spec- The Cmr has $0,000,000 worth u! Licles, or practicable for them to do stock in the Pennsylvania Railroad, so. At any rate he had never himself the New Jersey Central, the New known of an animal that did wear York Central, the Canadian Pacific, spectacles, or of spectacles being made and the Northern Pacific, which yield
him handsome returns, the investA veterinary surgeon said that he menta having been made on the advice had never heard of a horse’s wearing of his Minister of Railroads, Princf spectacles, though it would not be iiu- liilkoff.
possible to provide them, if that were SPAIN’S QUERN HAS $3,000,000. desirable.	, The Queen Regent of Spain has foi
Horses sometimes wear over the eyes a number of years hold some $3,tX)U,U0(! blinders with colored glasses. These worth of United States bond». They are intended to prevent the horse from axe deposited with the remainder of discerning shadows. Such blinders her holdings of one kind and another are some tune* put on trotting horses in the Bank of England, where so
many Continental sovereigns are la There are trotters that shy or break the habit of keeping their savings for at the shadow on the track, of the safety.
a repro-
“Ue was in New Guinea then!"
' Five years—su he tells me."
"Are you certain of that!" ’•Absolutely!"
“Then all 1 can say is that, in
HER GROWING DEAFNESS.
The Queen's appearance belies her . words. It is her growing deafness
Must you really gu nuwf Then good- Naples and Jain the boat there. This which u like, t„	ber t#ht
night, and good-bye. for 1 don't sup- is Mr. Waiter's proportion, and you handicap. Before loug it U feared she ¦pite of his cloth, Mr. Baiter does not P^b l shall see you this side of the may be sure, considering what : «ill Luva t,,	„„ n.lf.
u-	"“u «• -	»” »—i on., „:,.r
formerly. The rumour that King Edward
for animals.
tion to urge against it. Our tour will be an extensive one. We visit Australia and New Zealand, go
"1
i took bis proffered band, and wished him good-night. Having done so, 1 left the house, heartily glad to have
should tniuk reason have you
am sorry you that. Pray what fur saying so!"
ia suffering from cancer, promptly denied by Sir Felix Semen, physician for diseases of the throat to the National Hospital for Epilepsy i | Paralysis, through the Associated Press, probably arose from the fact that Sir Felix Semon is attending
Queen Alexandra, for sore throat, to	..	,	.	... ,	,	......
Which recently she has been extreme- | OTBr ll wark,t« the alerting and Queen Victoria, on the other hand,
1 .ii,.sliing point, or at the shadow of derived an income of no less thru
"Simply because in a conversation said good-bye to the only man in my thence to Honolulu, thence to San 1 had with him at Bournemouth he life whom 1 have really feared.	Francisco, returning, across the Unit-
de.’iberately informed me that tie had When in the train, on my way back ed States, via Canada, to Liverpool.
never been near New Guinea in his town, l came to review the meet- "You may imagine how excited I
ing in the "Green jailor," 1 found am at the prospect, and as I feel "You must have misunderstood him. myself face to face with a series of that 1 owe a great measure of my However, that has .nothing to do with | problems very difficult to work out. good fortune to ydu, I want to be us. Let us turn to a pleasanter sub- How had Nikola first learned my the first to acquaint you of it.
"Yours ever sincerely,
" RECK RN HAM.
in races.
life/
ly susceptible, though there are no. ...	_	.	,	.	.	,
.. traces gf serious disease. She would h buil‘l‘,« °r of »ome projoctiug point 1700.000 . year from her American m-
of one, just an they would at a pool vestments, being an extensive holder
of water or some actual object on the of American Sugar Refinery Stuck, of
name! Now had he heard of the
jeoL"
He rang the bell, and the landlord • W e there 11s! Was ho the mysterious
person his meeting with whom had I read the letter through a second driven Wetherell out of England? time, and then sat down on my bed Why had Baxter telegraphed to him to think it out. One thing was sclf-Ihut "the train was laid”! Was 1 evident. 1 knew now how Nikola had the new danger that had arisen? How become aware that I was going to had Bailer come to be at the "Green iU the mail boat on Friday; tiax-
be only too glad if destiny had per-
uldL PrTnL^'af wties^ho greater I ^ A .kip or s break might mean American Steel & Wire Company freedom and simplicity of the minor	diatunce Imt to (use the race, etock.aa well a. of paper of thoTennes
title being much preferable to this Tllew bllUden' are aaed 80 that thu Coke & Iron	Ucr raU
wmau, who b, her kindness and good-1 WUn’L “e ^ tiUldOW8,	,	^	,
ness has endeared herself to her 1We are also put ou trotting home» very large, whereas her real estate adopted people.	sometime* for the same purpose ieath- Possessions in New York do not exceed
WILL FOLLOW IN HER FOOTSTEPS w	oiade and adjusted that Half a dosen houses all told.
KLnce the death of Queen Victoria, tbt3 Horne can took out over them and !	Edward caused all the capita
Queen Alexandra has frequently ex- Upward, but not downward over them account of the revenues of his Duchj
to the earth in front of him. dome of Cornwall which he enjoyed a?
Prince of Wale# to be invested in Am-
having answered it, ordered more refreshment. When it arrived he lit another cigarette, and leaning back in his chair glanced at me through half-closed eyes.
road company holdings were likewise
Then occurred one of the most curious and weird circumstances connected with this meeting. Hardly had he laid himself back in his chair before I hoard a faiut scratching against the table leg, and next mo-
daiior" in nun-clerical costume? Why ter had seen my name in the pas-had he been so disturbed at my entry? «eager list, and had informed him. Why had Nikola invented sueh a lame excuse to account for his presence | U(>t to sleep. 1 had a problem to there? Why had he warned me not wol*k °ut, *nd a ™°re than usually to sail in the Saratoga? and above all, difficult one it warn
1 undressed and went to bed, but
pressed herself as determined to carry
out, as far a# possible, those old- I thoroughbred horses shy at mud or time public and private customs which	thlown tn their eyes by horses
made the former rulers of the court ahead of them, an<l for these there are become# the property so different from any others in [sometime# provided what are in ef- beurge, oh the new Duke of Cornwall
feet spectacles, blindera covering the According to report, King Edward I6?63 *ur their protection, but having and Queen Alexandra will visit the 1	vf ordinary glass.
Dowager Empress Frederick in March, I Horses and digs were sometimes and will spend Easter at Copenhagen Provided with glass eyes to improve with the King of Denmark. But if | their appearance.
this programme is carried out, it will be d
Here was the
mint an enormous cat, black as the Pit of Tupbet, sprang with a bound lvhy haJ bti rusoned t" hypnotism to	Marquia of Beckenham, 1
j secure his ends?	told myself, only son of his father,
ericas railroad stocks, and this now
of his son
upon the table and stood there stead-	H
fastly regarding me, its eyes flashing 1	1 uskud “yself Lhese questions, be‘r to • «re«l	““d enormous
Lut one by one I failed to answer states, induced to travel by my re-
Whalever presentations. There was a conspiracy afoot in which , I could not
King Oscar of Sweden has money in American breweries, while the neu King of Italy, has probably inheritui his father’s large tobacco interests ii the United States.
But the sovereign who has un doubtcdly derived the largest fortuni of the United Statuais King George irm Greece, who when he was elected it the lielenic throne, was a peunile»* 'midshipman in the English navy.
To-day King George possesses um of the largest fortunes of any crowuet head in Europe, lie derives it from bold and success!ul speculation is
and its back arched. 1 have seen cats
without number, Chinese, Persian, . lAu m lo m>' satisfaction.
Manx, the Australian wild cat, and 01111,1 conclusion 1 might have the English tabby, but never in the to* however, one thing at least was whole course of my existence such Certaiûi lhat ^aa, that my original was in *omo waX involved. And yet another as that owned by Ur	waa a correct one. There 1 had no ri*ht to certain about
When it had regarded me W4W a ^emendous mystery some- ^ after a11* fur m7 suspicions at
where. Whether or nut 1 was to lose best were only conjectures. Now the
ita | my interest in it after Friday remain- Qucslion waa whether I ought to
warn the Duke or not? If I did I
Europe
come
help feeling certain, the young man
Nikola.
with its evil eyes foi*nearly it stepped daintily across to
LOST INHERITANCE.
a minute,
e in the quietest way.
Speculation is rife as to the date of King Edward's coronation, maintaining that it will occur as early am respecting the wish of my late as September, but probably the year father—
of court mourning will be strictly Miss Flash—Beg pardon, sir; but in observed, the coronation not occur- this instance you have inherited
Oi
Suiton—Permit me to say, Mis* some I Flash, that In suing for your hand I
ud to be seen.
master, and rubbed itself backwards
and forwards against bis arm, then Arriving at Fenchurch Street, to my astonishment it clambered	took the Underground, and,
up on to his shoulder and again gave j bringing up at the Temple, walked me the benefit of its fixed attention., Lt> uiy hotel off the Strand.
Ur. Nikola must have observed the nearly twelve o'clock by the time 1 amazement depicted in my face, for catered the hall; but late as it was he smiled in a curious fashion, and 1 found time to examine the letter coaxing the beast down into his lap rack. It contained two envelopes fell Lo stroking its fur with his long bearing my name, and taking them white fingers. It was as uncanny a out I carried them with me to my
One, to my delight, bore the postmark of Port Said, and was ad-"And so, Mr. Uatteras," he said dressed in my sweetheart’s baud-slowly, "you are thinking of leaving writing. You usf”
1 might be frightening him without cause, and might stop his son’s journey; and if I did not, and things went wrung—well, in that case, 1
It was
should be the innocent means of bringing a great and lasting sorrow | untlj I ebruary or later in 1902. your father's lateness; I accepted
The curious fact of the King's birth- Mr. Foreman last evening.
American grain, chiefly at Chicago during the war of Russia and Turkey some three
upon his house. Hour after hour I turned this question over and over Ida^ coinciding with Lord Mayor’s
in my mind, uncertain how to act. | ^liy» November 9th, may cause an alteration in the date of one or the
other of these celebrations in the mediate future.
twenty years ago,
A STORY OF TUE SEA.
The clocks chimed their monotonous
round, the noisels died down and rose
again in the streets , and daylight
found me only just come to a decision.
I would not tell him; but at the same
Lime 1 would make doubly sure that I Bailed aboard that ship myself, and I i>'eDàl1,6 hia «ccesswn by issuing I singer with his head over the lee-
thut throughout the voyage 1 waa by I *>me I>ardonB- The friends of Mrs. rail, they don't seem to be very
the young man's aide to guard him|**tiTence ^aybrtck are taking new smooth
heart.
The pirates and the buccaneers scoured these seas for years, remarked the Every prison in the United King-1 captain of a ship in the Gulf of Mex-do-m is in a state of keen expectation, io°-
for the Inmates hope the King will And still, murmured a seasick pas-
AS INCORRIGIBLE. XâSIIXR
They tell me that you have been traveling abroad, said the young woman who tries to make conversation.
And the man who seizes the slightest pretext to be disagreeable answered S
Per ha pa you will be kind enough to explain how I could have gone abroad without traveling.
im-
ps rf or mance as ever I had the privilege of witnessing.
room.
y guess how eagerly I tore it open, and with what avidity "l am," I replied, with a little 1 devoured its contents. From it 1 start of natural astonishment. "Rut gathered that they had arrived at
the entrance of the Suez Canal safe' After the conjuring tricks—we ^ that her father had recovered his
MW
how did you know it?"
from ill.
Breakfast time came, and I rose agreed to call them conjuring tricks, ,pi,lts more aud more witb every froin my bed wearied with thought. I think—I showed you a week or two ! that ^'Paraied Him from Europe %vcn a bath /ailed to restore my ago, 1 wonder that you	should	ask	Uc	was ni>w aLmost himself again,	gpRita. I went
such a question. You	have	the	ehti	8aid/ but aUil r*(°**d with char-	crossing the hail again, examined	the
ticket in your pocket even now." acteristic determination to entertain rack. Another letter awaited me. 1
All the time he had been speaking suwHL;3t notion of my self as a passed into the dining-room and, seat-
his extraordinary eyes had never	left	son*in-lavv; But Phyllis herself did	iug mj8elf at fny table,	ordered
my face; they seemed to	bq reading	not	dlMipair ,,f b,'1D8: able to talk	breakfast. Having done
him round. Then came
TUB INCONSISTENT MAIDEN.
She would not, though I coaxed and teased
And begged of her my bride to be said she'd marry whom a be
pleased,
Yet—goodness knows she pleases
ACROSS THE ALPS.
NOT HIS LINE.
The Goose-^Why don't you come in and try to swim?
The Chick—No, thanks, Pm goose enough for that.
downstairs aud, | A tivrmau Llenlritnai lia* Hiulr 111* Third
Jouraej Across ili< tip, »n an Aiiio-Msbllr.
She
Had Hannibal or Napoleon lived in these latter days their long and death-strewn journeys across the Alps, might have been safely
noi
me.
so, I turned
a paragraph to my correspondence. Fate seemed which struck me as being so peculiar
as to warrant
comfortably taken in automobiles, { jf Lieutenant Engler, a Gorman army officer has arrived at Vienna after completing hi# third journey across the Alps on an automobile. He took with him three travellers and 200
my very soul, and his cat ably seconded Lie efforts,
"tiy the way, I should like to ask you a few questions about those selfsame conjuring tricks," 1 said. "Do ,fou know you gave me a most peculiar warning?"
"I am very glad to hear it; I hope you profited by it."
Grippe Deadlier
Than Smallpox.
to pursue me. On this occasion the my rup;oducing it i letter was from the lad's father, the
here:
Duke of Glenbarth himself, and ran
99
"The passengers, what we have as follows;-seen of them, appear to be, with one "Sandridge exception, a nice enough set of people
That exception, however, is intoler- "Dear Mr. Hatteras,
^	! Able; his name (is Prendergast, and "My son tells me he has acquaint-
"lt cost me a good deal of uneasir his personal appearance is as objeo-	ed you with the news of his depar-	[he cr<xsaed the Danube at Him, struck
ness, if that’s any consolation to you Uenable as his behaviour is extra-	tLUe for Australia next week. 1 don’t	tbe valley of the Isar at Munich, fol-
I want to know how you did it?" ordinary; his hair Is snow-white, and doubt.	caUde Jou Bome little lowed up the valley to the Karwendel
.;z:r, r.ztrzr.r	HLrss	-E'ESEEHEl
he answered, still looking steadfast- fault, but it seems somehow to ag-	ceived a letter from my old friend,	southeast among the mountains into	of In grippp have	proven fatal.	How	%f weakened and debilitated by the
ly at me. "However, I will give you gravato the distaste I have for him.	1 irl Aiubvl le>' wHo, as you	the lyroi, rode on Into the heart of	m my people aie now complaining	of	enervating effects of In grippe i here is
¦ “ ' " 1 ¦	m&sîm EgSSSS
mmmm mmmm epïhei
Mr. Baxter wxth h,& with powerftii Adjnirillg Krivnd-What makes you «umptioo	ph^ieiaee end people alike a. a great
»... ,..r ..... rcrÆiwt ïrm zL s
you will he addin# materially to the aucceadt	p n in. a a me e oonrh ri medy It ia restoring and reuirignratlng a eye-
debt at gratitude I already owe you. Professor-Why, aa soon as I an- fal m ire. It iWougbly cure the tem waited by la grippw. Whether Belie re me, my dear Mr Oab- n^uncyd the idea every savant in co*d 14 well, and stem* to take the' weakened by overwork, worry of die"	a—	j* r	sr z %&%%% % %
known of it since he out his first attain the enormous «ale which this bdfc, all dealers, or Edmaxywa, Hal?si
medicine now his. For old and young & ToM#t#.gggBBB#^gg
Casiie, Bournemouth "Wednesday.
pounds of baggage in his carriage.
Starting from Frankfort-on-the-Main
Says Dr. Dillingham of the New York Health Board —The Dreadful After-Effects Most to Be Dread
ed.
]
i

<
you Like, in fact, another warning.
Have you confidence enough in me to accept it?"
"I'll wait and see what it is first,"
I replied cautiously trying to remove my eyes from his.
"Well, my warning to you Is this— you intend to sail in the Saratoga for Australia on Friday next, don't you?
Well, then, don’t go; as you love your life, don’t go!"
"Good gracious! and why on earth
m&otf I c d.
He stared fixedly at me for more fueling that If I had been on board than half a minute before he answer- the boat I should in all probability •d. There was no escaping those have allowed Mr. Prendergast to ud-ire*dful eyes, and the regular sweep derstand that hki attentions were din-

i
<
1
t
much, but I continually thank goodness that, aa be leaves the boat in Port Said, the rest eg the will be performed without him.”
The remainder df the letter has concern for any one but myself,
I do not give it. flgving read it I folded It up and put it in my pocket,
i
i
c
voyage
c
no
80

d

0

"Very truly yours,
* "GLBNBARTH." Jjo b* Continued.
u
%
• i
B
tesUil

1
i
###PAGE###7###






m






fl










.



I

*«• th
J LI
\
1
J
1
THINOS WORTH KNOWING.
THE VERDICT.
COLONIAL FURNISHINGS.
WISE CHINESE PROVERBS.
FRIENDS TO SPARE.
"¦	......... ~s	"
Rtwpeot always a silent woman; With the revival of tile colonial style	...	" '** " Ar,trn-	Many people will be glad to learn t-«t
great 1* the wisdom of the woman of architecture, so large ly seen In the	4liaS “e*** t)a<ld“:k’a entertain- «kiuimllk la more useful for paper u»#V
thut hobtuth her tongue.	new bouaes that are being built	book. "A White Woman in Cen- '=< than for sale to city people at 6 4WU
A rain woman Ls to be feared, for through the country, an well aa the **“! Afrloe manjr u,“i variexl tx
old ones remodeled, the colonial style Perieacce ere related.	During the	ju I,lug for the south pole the
ïruat not a vain woman, lor she of furnishing has also come Into vogue,	™e rath,‘r ,rail Knglinhwo- Duke of Abruzzi will eater upon a keld
la first la her own eye.	sud the family that has preserve! the	bad no «ompanionahiii save her * exploration which has been very little
A haughty	woman	.tumbles,	for	solid	pieces of mahogany that have	black «^rers, who aeem to have been	^‘”5 “if ïhe MutTpoL w.îe	WM
she cannot see	what maj be in	her	been	passed along the generations and	alway* co,lrU'<Jua aa<l obliging. The	first rea, iH-d.-Iluffalo Courier.
kept	the rung* and legs on its wooden	P»ilo#ophæal way in which Miss Cad-	The present congress may be asked ta
Trust not the	woman	that thinketh	chair, patching over their rickety	the discomforts of the trip	consider the expediency of uniform	mar-
more of herself than another; mercy **»ge, can now reap full benefit il the may be seen from the following paru- liu*e au,J divorce laws. The ease of will not dwell in her heart.	admiration and envy of their friends graphs.	American divorce is one of the national
2.5 :HrJ	— I	Sp EE™j|
tain quaint dictionary I once possessed * y* thnt 8,1 l^ns are loft-bunded. a woman and a child arc alike; each I "‘"V	"j'™ th® "0D,fl? who ered
the definition of "mouse” was given a, NNhcn <>ne strikes a forcible blow it	a Hircna ..Dliftimr ^nd	, . 1,)0UHt ft four p,)H,er h,,dntvad upon
“a small rat,” and this is not such a very always use* its loft Ww	* a at rout, uplil <uK lund.	which a great-great grandmother has
bad one, after all, except for the fai l |n Charlottenburir n , rn. nv I A woman that respecta herself la slept, or, better still, one upon whose that the render Is apt to be less familiar ^	. ..	ueiIoanJr* 80 more beautiful than a single star; ample proportions Washington or La-
tviih the appearanct of a rat than m	m n an s are taken l*e-	|Xi4iUtifU| than many stars at fayette had stretched his weary lirubs,
EH ET""™-™"'“
hafiiwfs&-1	s^ssr^?sa.*art'-‘*•* - “« —3
on either surface. Ills legs are slender, 1 ho *^11 grunting pensions of seven Smoking La much commoner 1,14 of wax to preserve It and Ida delicate little toes are provided shillings weekly to persons of sixty- among the Austrian women than Tliere are few houses, however, that
™ Bara	rzd
he Is dusky gray above and ashy he- occupation, has been passed by the oealment of her taste for cigarettes. ,	,	'	, J
Ha?*"-*rs trt	Lr ræz	„	rzr z	= —cfrS i
Altogether he Is a very dainty little fel-	( U1 ^ WM ( ffeoted by	a policeman	set the nerves and stomach	of almost	gathered all the choice bits of age	"One	night something larger	than
low, and If persona would only stop to Bear Bourne, Lincolnshire, not long any man. Queen Murgherita is an- that can be obtained.	a cockroach or rat dropped from the
study him a little Instead of throwing	ago. Suspecting two men of being	other popular	sovereign	who is	a	That thlf fad for time worn relics	rafters on my bed and awoke me.
tknVhs^utsîn^n'iDDrâroncsîhsV woulfl I doiorters« *>• »teppcd up behind them	trank user of tobacco in	the form	of	tends to the hunting up of remote rela-	lighted my candle, and it was a lemur,
icon find him ¦ very Intelligent and at	“nd oallod «* «harply,	"Attentionl"	mild and small cigao-ettea,	and so	Is	lives there can be no doubt. Especial-	a	lovely little furry creature.
He Is very agile	Taken unawares, the men sprang to	The Queen of Spain. The Queens	of	-v ls tbU the ease In small country vll-	looked	fascinating; but uncertain	of
lagcH. 1 he dusty lumber rooms and at- ..
tics of fourth and even fifth cousins ,ta con<luot‘ 1 tbou«ht 1 would Put »
are ferreted out by the woman who hns °“|ai<le*	A S,aille physh iau cheerful™and a™
,	..	,	...... the “family antique craze," and If she 1 opened the door on to the veranda proT|,lgly announres that the practice ia
¦ l*ao e8gs consumed in England dur- Q* rather Strong Russian cigarettes ci,anceg to find a rickety table, a bro- aml tried gently to drive it from the becoming more and more common with tame that they will take food from my	ing the past twelve months would, it	I hat are made	after the	custom	in	ken down bureau or a high hack chair	room, but a las! it objected and sprang	the members	of his	profession	to	“put	to
I éü“ *0i«D tu \i!îf rî VT!lfi 1(1 '?	“ computed, fill upwards of 40,000	St. Petersburg,	according	to the for-	»n three legs, sometimes on one, they	straight on my shoulder, gripping my	8,e?p"	Permanently	patients	whose	stif-
^h. b^oftrPU, .bom1n,,hl da1y! railway.trucks. Of these only one- mu,a they have always used.	will be regarded as object, of venera- arm with its sharp little teeth, re-	t^'^htk « "
I time. They are very bright and Imrae- third were English, and, in conse-	----------- tion, to command a pike that will fur- fu3ing to let go until I pinched its lions hereafter about getting sick Id Eo-
«ual^ÎM o^^anr^oVthTthe”* %%"%%% Tu tr "Zl THE M0V,NG WORLD.	room\7these%"found relatives."'0 taU*
usually pause, wiA their head slightly	wa‘s 8tnt « Lhe country	that	  U	l8	worth	while	to	have	held on	to
I	on one aide and with a most Inquiring	IILLght havo lxun kept at home,	had	German manufacturers	have	found	the	fire dogs	and	battered	candlesticki
I	look In the eyes. After eating they wash	those engaged in rural industries	been	that by cooking molasses	dregs,	after
themselves very rapidly with their front	alive to their opportunities.	the removal of the sugar,	a potash is
paws.	won which is preferred to all other sorts
Where there ls an abundance of food	In the soap industry,
mice eat a great deal, but they seem able	Horseshoes which wear unevenly can
to live on very little, and when once well	^	^	be repaired by an Australian’s patent
established in a house they manage to	nail, which has a head much larger than
get along somehow, even If the provisions	x	the common nail, the four nails nearly
are carefully locked up for months at a	covering the worn surface of the shoe and
time^vyben hungry, however, they are	JSSl	raising it to the right height again.
_ ^ry^^raevering In their efforts to get food and will gnaw their way into boxes and cupboards, scale walls and even cross ceilings when the latter are rough enough to afford a hold for their sharp, booked claws. They have been known to descend a rope and eat up the contents of • basket hanging from the celling.
They make their nests of scraps of pa per, wool, rags or any soft material,
Which they usually chop up very small e with their teeth. These homes are usually made In a hole In the wall or beneath the floor or in an old box, drawer or other convenient place. Often when clearing out an old desk or trunk one comes upon such a nest, made of fine particles of old letters, penwipers and such like things.
There are several litters of young every year and generally from four to ten in a litter. When the young ones are born,
They are very small, pink little creature#, naked and blind. The mother is devoted to them and tends them with great care and evident affection. When they are a few weeks old, they begin to come out of their hole to play about and see what the world Is made of. They may easily be distinguished from the older ones by
-bee::::;:
crows all look upon mice as a delicacy, and blue squared silk.	--------------- " 1 1 ' lt( 1	| J1 ‘' j * **’
But the troubles of the rodents do not	______	Renewed Hope.	1 ,H‘	straight back chairs com- the food destined for the Imperial ta
end here. Scores of Ingenious traps have	“Henrietta,” said Mr. Mvekton, “did Polled one to sit erect on bis own ^>je
been invented for their destruction, and	/sA	you say you bought this necktie be | backbone, giving the straight, firm phy-
they are also poisoned in great numbers	cause you thought It suited me perfect *ulU0 Impossible to obtain in our easy ^ kitchen servauU are narrowlw 1,1 the Weehineto* Monnmeni.
•very year.	9*W	iyr	modern chairs, which encourage lolling , ,	?	narrowly	thonaand» nf ri«itnrm
When It becomes necessary to destroy	yrf ^	“Yes”	*	ami ease and send us to gymnasiums ,iuU skllful / watched, lhe poiaouers Washington mon union t have Hu-dk
l^uTthe .oHna tr%%lJh%ilZ	zF “"’•‘11. I'm gla.1 to bear It, I'm going ¦»«' Physical culture classes to obtain are cted. if u»t certainly knows, posltlon t0 climb |t8900steps. It Is much
them iueTZirby a blow Poisoning i.	M	"(‘nr 11 aml ^ 0,,t "'to the world "ba our greatgrandmothers got for and their names are meulwued m easier to ride on the elevator, which
very cruel, and this method is also a	?**-' '*¥ f )	. ,-i^L with renewed hope and courage. You notIlin«- ^ *ie would teem to be a whispers,
menace to human life, not only because	# \\	know, It’s an old saying thnt handsome of the tiroes, an effort to swing
It ie always dangerous to have poison	7/1	A \\	men are not. as n rule, the ones who back to the Pigged simplicity of our
where there is a possibility of children	'NÜOI	i /GwN really achieve things.” - Washington forefathers and to imitate them along
getting hold of it, but because the mice	<SSli!ill 11 yïwh 1 .Star.	8(1 of lhe lin^a thnt made them What
ire apt to die in the walls, floors and other inaccessible places.
Drowning Is also cruel, though 1 once knew two dear elderly ladies who were so kind hearted that they used to drown their mice in warm water, “because,” they said, “it is so cruel to drown the poor things in cold water, In the middle of winter too.”
Here are some Chinese sayings that Indicate muoh philosophy;
HE IS i» DECIDEDLY INTERESTING ¦Us of Infor
UTTLB ANIMAL
lumioii M hith || Weeld Be
Well le knew.
An uncut first edition of "Waver-
¦	In HI. Mo,., b," rwlited £115 io a London sale-
Intelligent end Hether Deio- room the other day
X.—::-------------------- " I	i—*-
The common little house raonse Is prob I bor* 66,000 members.
Ably the best known wild animal in America. It Is almost Impossible to are avoid learning something of the appear them to weigh once and habits of this little fellow, foi	|
he acts as a private tutor on the subject
In almost every household.	JBM I
As few of us are fond enough of him, Brlee amount to nearly £300,000 a however, to pay strict attention when he >cur«
Agile
a quart.—Rochester Democrat aud
Chronicle,
aha will sa or if loo all for her pride.
It num-
Soma oC the screws used in watches
11 that it takes 360,000 of
M - u pound.
About 1,100 men are employed by thu Hank of England, and their sal-
Fill
so en
Mil
way.
The protests of the artists against any meddling with the White House in advance of a report from a representative national commission of architects, sculptors and landscape gardeners seems to us altogether reasonable ami not untimely.— Hartford Courant.
The Germanizing of eastern Prussia proceeds space. It is announced that at Kijewo a schoolmaster aud his pupils have received notice that they must cease to wear boots high in the leg, such footgear being considered as a sign of nationalist ideas.—Hartungsche Zritung.
The multiplication of accidents with automobile vehicles emphasizes the need of “other devices, other rules and customs.” The new machines are capital things so long as they keep in their place and go right. Out of place or out of control they are a menace and • horror.— New York Tribune.
If the settlers at. Plymouth could have managed to land on the historic rock oa some day either a month before Christmas or a month after the recurrence of thnt high festival. Forefathers’ day would find much more general observance at the hands of this latter day generation.—Boston Globe.
ec,emporter my ImmI n a tboron nl> bippy manner. I could not sleep at first, but at last 1 got used to them
and dropped off, only to wake up and find a rat with his foot in iny ear."
r first night on the steamer on Lake Nyassa a be writes; "I had a
im
Of t
IIS
my stateroom, to find that I must share it with an enormous number of cockroaches. They were the largest and most voracious I had ever seen. Some of them greedily ate all the kid off m y shoes, while other* ran races over my bunk and nibbled my hair.
1
It
tractive companion.
ami graceful In his movements and not it I position in true military style, only I Greece and Wurttemburg were both
Jait'lT.re hlT^num	mU'l¦ l° finJ	lbe	moment I Russian Grand Duchesaea, and their
captivity, and I find them very amusing pets. They will eat anything and are mo
safe in the arms of the law.
weakness is for tobacco in the form
As it turned to bite my hand 1 Attle. flung it out of the door, which 1 quickly closed.
THE WRITERS.
“I had fewer animal, in my tent j,m„ Whitcomb Riley, the poet, now
than in a house; but even in my tent 1 rarely wears the buttonhole bouquet
was apt to wake up and find all sorts which be used never to bo without. He
of creepy, crawly things about tmy dresse9 very simply and wears the flowers but seldom.

• •
3>
• h
v>*x?


pillow,”
Punch announces the immediate publication of a three part serial by Frank It. Stockton. It is entitled “The Gilded Idol and the Conch Shell” and deals with American life on the side of politics.
Miss Beatrice Harraden, the novelist, who u ;n recently severely Injured while
A number of rather sensational stor- mountaineering in Norway, bas returned
to England and i < rapidly recovering.
She found while in Norway that the Norn> t ; ding the Lgar’d recent illness, a.I wegian translator of her first novel had
pointing to the fact that the Gear’s omitted its lust chapter, saying that time
iilnesd, instead of being due to an at- s|lll'-v vv,,|> much Improved,
Mme. Sarah Grand will make her debut upon the lecture platform in the T’nited States. Her lectures, it is sai l, will not consist of mere readings from
No member of the court or even of her novels or essaye, with at lotee interpolated, but will comprise u series of carefully prepared addresses upon literary, artistic and sociological subjects. Hudyard Kipling says bis second trip

O

CAUSED BY POISON.
i
O
o
R pari Tint Poison mnl Vo I Typhoid •¦ever I'aueed I zar's III net*.
WF

«
Hnn il writing Cnnnot Ile Changed,
The Inexperienced ones are blissfully I unaware that bandwriting is really a physical characteristic of the human body, says The Home Magazine, which Is Innately peculiar to its owner. You may indeed, after Its general form, like the man who writes anonymous notes, or cover It with make up like the man who forges a signature—the actor does both to his voice and face on the stage—but this, after all, Is the most you can do. You cannot destroy or even temporarily get rid of the characteristics of your writing itself. It Is as much a part of the expression of your being as your manner of talking or your gait in walking, and that It cannot be destroyed is the more certain because no one, no matter how much study he Alght giVe It, could ever find out all of the unconscious characteristics of his handwriting.
§!
t fc!
Si
il
o
o
m
ies are leaking out from court circles
Û


G
C
m
IS I
*
I
tack of typhoid fever was really due to poison, says a St. Petersburg despatch.

o
4

o
/
y>
i

o
!
7
the Imperial family was allowed to see the Ciar during his recent illness.
His only attendants were the Empress
and two servants. Upon his recovery	to South Africa Is made simply for rest
the physician who had attended him	“1 hope." he said, "to return with my
wife and two daughters early in May.
I	t	I propose traveling extensively in all
roubles, about, $KfO.UUO, in addition to	phases of the closing scenes of the war,
a fine house and other gifts. This truly	but as a spectator only. I have no inpast their	usefulness/	Even	a	broken	royal reward seems excessive for the	tcnt‘°° of wr,Vng n 1‘00,^ on w,iat 1 mav
ten pot	might	be	available	If	the	color	cure of a case of typhoid, a disease,	fJafin*	°8	f°r 1 6<,od
and shape were all right.	which though serious, is usually am-
There la another side however, to enaWe lo modern medical science. The (his wholesale revival of the old colo-


;
was presented with half a million
A HIGH BOY.
is
PLANT LIFE.
probable truth, which is openly spok-
Itl
now exercised in the supervision of <laring the summer, two or three weeks
before the furnace is started in the fall,
io that it may run no risk of being frost Almost all of it La brought from *•***-_
Belgium and Denmark in sealed van».


makes the ascent of the tall column in about eight minutes. But visitors who walk one way, either up or down, are well rewarded by a near view of the Inscriptions on the memorial tablets.
2
BRIEFLY MENTIONED.
!
!
they were.
V
SsJ
The fisheries on Lake Erie give em- , 0ne hundred and seventy-six of those ployment to 3,726 persons.	tablets were contributed by various
Leicestershire is the greatest gran- societies, lodges, cities, states, foreign
Pupa's Deductions.
"I believe our baby Is Intoxicated.’ remarked the proud papa.
"Why. what do you mean?” demand ed the fond mamma.
“He seems to be full of high bawls, explained the proud papa, whose know! edge of acoustics was thus shown to be equal to bis information as to Intox lean ts.—Bn It I more A tnerlean.
Steam# | fiat Padding.
To half a c* p of granulated sugar add one gill c f melted butter. When
well blended, add two beaten egge and lte producing county in the United countries sod private IndtTîditals. The
variety of their inscriptions attests the wide reach of the Influence of Washington.
The Association of Journeymen Stonecutters of Philadelphia, under the emblems of their trade. Inscribe on their tablet “United We Stand.” Westmoreland county, Va., describes Itself simply as* “The Birthplace of Washington.” Greece, the “Mother of Ancient Liberty,” sends from the Parthenon “This Ancient Stone as a Testimony of Honor and Admiration.”
The Turkish inscription, it is said, was written by the court poet and bears a date In a “year of the Hegira.” One of the longest inscriptions appears on a stone presented by seme Chinese Christians of Che Heang. China, in 1803. It declares George Washington to have been braver than Tsan Tsan or Lin-Pi.
¦im


I one cup of milk. Mix two teaspoonfuls Kingdom, of baking powder with two cups of The court of Queed Victoria has flour and add to the other Ingredients, been the beat and purest court that Sprinkle a Sftltflpoonful of salt over the world ban 1 Vi cups of ai y kind of nut meats broken into bits ind add them to the mix*

mt I

ever seen.
The country spends £123,800 a year on the British Museum, The salary * | of the principal librarian is £1,500.
If a cyclist were to ride round the coast of England and Wales he would cover a distance of about 2,500 miles.
The city of Mexico is as much cooler than the United States in summer as it is warmer in winter. Summer ex
Sydney Ought to Know Da Now.
It was In the year 1820 and In the Edinburgh Review that Sydney Smith made his celebrated sneering reference to this country. “In the four quarters of the globe,” he asked, “who reads an American book, or goes to an American play, or looks at an American picture or statue? What does the world yet owe to
American physicians or surgeons? What I skirt and Eton Coat, over a flounce new substances have their chemists dis-1 an<j blouse of gold tissue, covered	ones bare
lysed? Wbat new constellations have been discovered by the telescopes of America? Wbat have they done In the mathematics? - Who drinks out of American glasses, or eats from American plates, or wears American costa or gowns, or sleeps in American blankets?”

'
&
i

ft
1
\
V
ture. Butter a mold or pudding dish turn the ml) tore in and steam three hours. Servi» with wine sauce.
Taking Hie Measure.
“What kind of a man la this John
\


Smith?”
Au embroidered white silk sheath I hold on to his umbrella by having h
name engraved on the handle.”—New York Evening World.
I
Wi
Popcorn Candy.
Having popped the corn nicely, salt It and sift it through the fingers, that the extra salt ai.d the uupopped corn may escape. Have ready some candy, made by cooking together one pound of mo-
Rare am Well am Heantlful.
curs ions are coming into vogue.
According to recent statistics,there are 472 colleges in the United States,
CONFUSING THOUGHT.
Mil Fijjit—You think you know what I am thinking about.
Mr. Fijjit—Eh f Mrs. Fijjit—Yes, you're thinking b that I m think ng that you don’t know.
Bllllcus—It Is a beautiful thing to set
a young girl growing into womanhood lasses, one- lalf pound brown sugar,
10,0“B i5.,0«.2Tw1ÏÏ* iTE. ttbM	CZ
much of the popcorn as It will take up; and apparatus, of 1159,000,000.
Heaton Park, Manchester, the seat


then turn It out on to buttered or oiled dishes or shape It Into balls.
Prompt.
Holden—What kind of a boy la that new one who came last week?
Winter— Ub, he's all right—only a little dull, lie was talking rather loudly the other afternoon, and 1 hollered, ”8bot lp.X Well, elr, before 1 knew what he ut, be bad half the abutter# up.— transcript
of the Bari of Wilton, has been pur- A "kenesa of Shakespeare stands ont chased by a London syndicate fa, 00	tbe twenty-el ith landing.
Cart playing In England I. an a,mo.	I	"W	« ^Proposed to	convert a	“£ 5"L5? ZTSSTfi
forgotten pastime. Ladies seldom ploy	I	wuu of the demesne	in o	a residen-	these words above, "All that live must
and gentlemen engage in It rarely but t*	|	tial park	and w devote	other portion	and below. "A tribute of respect - A	'
from tbe ladles and gentleman of the	/çÿ
dramatic profession of America.”— v_

One who ia so disloyal as to repeat to any outsider, however intimate, anything to tbe discredit of tbe family deserves to forfeit all family rights and privilege*
AN ABSURDITY.
Oh. where’s the use of trying To keep from laughing, when A duke can get the merslee J>ik^ ordinary men 1
gamble.
to tenements,
was al Boat on
h


>






j .
!

j
###PAGE###8###
' 'X

<

y
\

gxs

)

1



10 Days
Only
McGuire’s
IIEW COOPS I
CLOTHING.
• •
Gentium en: \Vo have about "JO
The immense throngs of thrifty buyers that crowd this Store daily attest the widespread interest that is centered therein.
There are Hundreds of ! I
Dollars’ worth of Bargains left.
REMEMBER Only ten days and we will close our great Midwinter Sale of
Suit scngths of Fancy English Worsteds that we procured at a bargain,
• newest and most up-to-date goods on the market, usually
sdli,
They are 1
é}
New, fresh, clean Stock just opened up at our Store. Make your selections when you have the best choice.	-• ... ...
m
Our price for next *lô cash.
at ns.
« *

4 #
I
„ 1-0
No. 1 trim-
i wo v

• V
just the full price, an,! i tit ami finish ” on them all.
same as if you paid we put the “ McGuire
inmgs,
New Prints New Ducks
New Cretonnes New Muslins New Cottons New Wrappers. New Lace Curtains
New Spring Blinds
New Curtain Net New Art Muslins New Wall Papers
Etc.. Etc., Etc.
BOOTS & SHOES.
W|. STEWART

Mc CUIRE,

P. S.—All Winter Goods at cost.
The TAILOR.
OPPOSITE
• ' PONTIAC HOUSE -
. SHAWVILLE
»
' L
»
THE WAR.

L-i
I
*
f
». n
De wet Again Escapes.
0 4

to,
*
COMING ! COMING ! Coming to Sljawville !
London, March 1.—'The war ; fli o !*,? received the following from Lord K itch ener, dated Pretoria, March I;
l)eWet has been forced north the Onii ge River and is n. w clear of Cape Colt ny. Two hundred prise nm have been taken, others, who were etrav glers, being captured.
Eighty men of Kitchener's lighting I scouts were attacked by fuptrior numbers and after a p o’onged tight and sustaining twenty casualties, surrendered. ”
NLIi'PEh BV IN THE MOUT.
L ml n March 2.- The Ilopetown respond *nt of the Times in a despatch, dated 27th, Feb , winch describes Piu-mei’s pursuit of l)e Wet, which has be continually hampered by heavy rains,
* :	“ Since (Ad. Piumer'e attack at
W idv.kuil, Ft h. 1Ô, tho invaders hav behaved like harried hares.
Pontiac Pad Jaiclioi By
. i
Official Time Table :
« v er

i Who is ?
AW.
Arrive 9 45
s
I
5.-T» Leave
Aylmer •Brtvkeuridge ?Kardley Parker's Crossing t* Mohrs vjt: y on Wyman’s 'Tank Bristol McKee’s S haw ville
Clark’s
Campbell'* Bay tîauk 4‘Vinton t’ou longe ’Mêlions
P.% Arrive Waltham •Flag Station. tTank.
(I'll

P.21
‘The Two Tailors’
6..:
4 «
P.06
#.:s
H.Jrt
14
8.58
»
• 4
I I
6.Ô0
6. IT
it
8.40
8.47
8. *.?]
4 #
8.22
s e
8.14
11
Late of the Two Macs Co., Ottawa.
tr>*
« 4
9
9.08
4 •
7.r-4
4 *
77atch for thorn about March 8th.
S.02
7 .8
Cot
4
7.52
7 45
4
7.31
Fail
»
!
• 4
4 4
7.78
9
8 03
••
s a
7.16
I’iscrve vour order for that Suit or
4/
.. .. Overcoat...........
8.12
i <
eti
7.06
8.80
i*
f 54 fl 39 ! Leave 6.1*0

IU7
4 4
I •
says
*
P
t
t Flag Station.
fit and Finish combined with Style, our motto.
Tho report
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway He NX et lias crossed the river arose from at Aylmer.	8,,mo small parties crossing in a boat at
Maik a Dr ft, where (VI. Plumer prevented the crossiz ^ of t!m main emunando, and took 100 prisoners.
After the capture of De Wet • guns I*eb, 2.!, the enemy wvro in full retreat arid ought to have f.ilîei into tho hands of the column from Kimberley, but they
slipped I tat in the night, teetowed the	w r ir •. i r - : ; »	N”;	< • mux: a f vh- ? ,m
railway and are^now trying with Hertzog	Kilgour 1. Laura Armstrong and John
to rectos» the	Orange river	at Zind riff.	.... , . , 4	McDowell equal 2, Franklin McDowell
but Hertz »g‘s commando has	melted away	I 0il 'Xednesday h*t a deputation reprt -	4. Grade 111 - Pear! McDowe 1 1
the maj-rily having been dispersed or amative of the interests centered m tie Eva McDowell, L>. Gordon Browlce .T having surrendered.	1 importation of l mtod States coal oil and j |^vi Voting 4 Grade II—Irene Mc I
supported by representative members of. Dowell I, Sarah Corrigan 2 Janet 1 j Parliament from bwth polijcal parties. futhherson ami llollie Corrigan equal waited 0:1 the Premier and Messrs. F,eît	3. Primer II llenaon Belshor l.Phv-	;
is	inS\ Tare and Paterson to a»* the	he Vovrigo.i 2, Manson McDowell Î1	1
Solution of customs duty on coal ml.	Harry Ilobbs 4. Primer f-Chi
¦	an oHioial .m.rce1’i,h° d“pm‘tl°,n Wa’	by D. IU McDowell 1, Klme Hold* 2, i
WMWWBWWi—*
w.ll bo .bpeLtVoT3.n7ndhK,hr£d’ KdeJrivfae|J,hVallerind’ gueb‘° : a,,d
iM
at Cou-au Junctioa. for Cornwall and points west. ™ea. eus week will probably make a Ql)mrîl,,v
t>9,C£ A.M , Limited, arrives Montreal il jo a.m.. Iir>era‘ Provision for the purpose	1	J'
making « lose••ounettions with I. C. Ry. Maritime |	-—
Express for Çiebec, Halifax, and di Intermediate points east, l^illman Parlur Car a:uiehed.
18.CC A.M. Sundays only—Stops ot intermediate,	I_______
-talions. Arrives Montreal 11.09 a.m. Pullman liFli 1RIVATE ESTATE AMi T NTS To ONLY Parlor Car attached.	I	A BOL T THREE MILLION DOLLUtS.
% W***^.»*^ London. February 22.-Since the death
Arrives Montreal A ,0 p.m. Pullman Parlor Car | of the Queen, speculation h.is been busy
IS SHSB5E5 i sr tvtrüz
Al Vans liurlhurt- n,('t . Airfv.ng Boston : -On. | royal will is not to go through ;he ordin* ' c,t? to-day to lobby in opposition t > (ne 1 Ci*	%$hro,*h ^ I »ry Channel for probate has given me delegation which waited on the premier
. ,,1,1 to many nbmrd statements as to the on NNf.inesday end asked to have the HHt (Vttvau fabulous amounts bin neat lied to royal re- ! COi 1 duties remove I. n, rorontM-hteago | latives. It has even been stated that the i
reason for concoalment was the fear that the disclosure of such enormous savings would prejudice the civil list for the future.	¦
r.'Umi points I It ctn now bo stated on absolute reli . H.s P .ïlman ; able authority that the great amount of H	Her Majesty's private fortune including
,r:	kÆ.	"lÆ	investments in real estate, cash in bank	_ T.	v	v .
utlrnaa Parlor Car, Leaving	and personal property cute:de of what	‘>ew luIh’	reb. «,. — 1 he	link
rightfully belongs to the crown, will not Commercial warns the people of the Uni t	exceed $:i,0<)0,000. The bulk of this	led Srates to	avoids policy	that	might
consists of city property, in which Her	Provoke the	Dominion Government to
Middle and Western Divisions Majesty had quietly invested. The re- , prohibit the txport of spruce logs, and
mainder stands in the shape of the cash exI,re8se® a that in timo they must balance on her personal account in Goutte’ *u°k to ( a,,ada for their supply i*f paper.
bank.	The .rVcIu .. entitled “Activity in Un- „,Mld,r« j„ thU country.
lEl'ilill 11§IÉ fl: i
SÜISIS
has spent the best part of Lur months iheir opportunities now while the spruce uncials	' e pro" I A Pennsylvania bakar la reported to
looking over the Nile country. He says areas of the United States ere beingTap-	I have become insane through
he went over every foot of the Nile dam, idly denuded	~	**	erv , f	s , ...	. * ,* ! C
and thinks it ms wonderful and much more The smaller pulp emit units of Quebec Toronto, Mirch 4 —A petition was pre- ;tW() .	. °!* m ,hle husmese.
useful than the pyramids, as it will re- and Ontario are consolidating after the wntetl to the Ontario Législature to-day ed th# irhV^ f *	‘	’ we conceiv-
Mral Dept, Eissell Hue Blent *ra.rZifxfZSK ÎÎ « iSTA »
fsaiS'ftSM ÆWasSSS	stz
a.	Trains run daily except 8un.lsy.	land render 5.000,000 apiei hrst-class only a mater of time when I hero will be I	ministers aud a largo number of hie been Buff ri ! o ° ^ ^ round it, and
b.	Oaj^ni;. e, Pa	J cr- p-producing lind.	itJeor no sprues sraUab'e for pu!p Ivft business men.	(ever since ** o psugs of
i
kwina
P. XV. HESSE MAX,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
E. HODCINS & SON.
.
Duty eu Coni Oil.
Feb. School Reports.
OTTAWA & GATINEAU liï
Fall an6 winter Tues Table
Taking effect Nov. •_!<>, IsiOO.
<<e
Mo. 1 Train Leave Ottawa. K*>. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa
¦i 09 p in 10 : » a n.
• e #*##%#
The Visit of the Heir Apparent
Nos. 1 ami 2 daily except Sunday.
ffl

Spring 1901.
keof Cornwall tj Akiuyi Canada Early in September.
It IS learned from
r
P. W. fUSSAEMAN.
Gen'l Sup't.

ce
Harry
PO
her.
Look at the sunny side of life, friend, and the time you waste grumbling, put in attending to the wants of your household. —
much more can be bought at the end of the year, when purchasing from reliable source.............
WE SELL EVERYTHING IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, CLOTHING, BOOTS & SHOES, HARDWARE,
CROCKERY, &c., &c.,
At Paralyzing Low Prices for Cash.
2, Clarendon—IV Grade-Harold Carson 1, Annie Johnston 2, Lenna ('arson J, Eva Johnston 4. II Grade— Clarence Carson 1, Ernie Johnston 2, Earle Cotie J, Harold Beaulieu 4. I Grade-Emerson Votie 1, Willie Beau- ! lieu 2, Elsie Carson 3.	!
t »
HAMA y
You will wonder how
I
• *
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT. Trains daily between

tipany, Toronto ; . Tate, E. 8. 8le-r f Sherbrooke ; E F. Currie, of
1
Florence T..Î1, Teacher.
a
Shawville Academy Sr.. Elkm. Dm.— Ill Grade—Hiram Smiley I, Minerva Caldwell 2, Athol Knox 3, Beryl Knox 4, Pearl. Hynes 5, John A roue H II Grade—Velma Wainman I, Tcna Bovd ! 2, Clarence Caldwell 3, Stanley Jack - j 4, Beatrice Findlay 5,
Smiley 0. J. MacDonald, Tea- her.
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
On and after Juu. 13th and until further advised train ("-nice will l«* as follows :
I

son
Annie
I
lions.- Arrive* Montreal 9.Z*»a. m.

r.s
I
d
Mi sus. Gall, llamiay, Clavkion and No. 1, Otter Lakh School.—Fcbruan Lew?< stated the case for the importera. ! —I Grade Elementary—Gordon Far-The usual answer of the ministers was	will, Ray Farrell 2. II Grade.—
received, i. e . that there were two aides	Bert Farrell 1, Walter Stcph
to the question, but that serious consid* Rebecca Stephens 3, Arnold Murphy rat . uld be given to the subject. | 4 III Grade Pearl Farrell 1, Hoik
Farrell 2, Ida Wilson 3,
1, Richard Williken 5.
Late Queen’s Fortune
I
2,
ens
ARMSTRONG BROS., LADYSMITH.
Percy Farrell
1 \	< > - , ',	. i
Kmma Quealo 1, Flo Parker 2, Guy Farrell 3, Rich Farrell 4. Allan Far | roll 5, Maggie Parker 5.
•K L Anderson, Teacher. The acheol is nut as large as it usu tibia on account of cold weather and sick ness. However, on the whole, it b well attended considering the pupils have to walk.
THE OTHER SIDE
Highest Prices for Produce.
k 1 . :
6.90 V >!. L-»
Junct
‘ <tl —Steps i*t I
.
i term*1 t'otnie
t«' ivat

vail, K
•••
ir

li stance thi
Canada’s Pulp Wood
GOODS WELL BOUGHTj ARE HALF SOLD
s
t Otta

Trails &
i ll.1C PM. I.ai
England man P.rl
i
-from Hmt >n, New \ tr-al
" - k. New Has Pull-
A
«n i M
m •
*
* ?
NEW YORK
CM MERCI AL WARNS THE PEOPLE NOT TO TEMPT THIS COUNTRY Tv>
13	( 1 M END Grail I\ ftf
Hobin 1, Laura Hobia 2, Lik Murphy S;tr.ili Smith 4, Alex. Homer 5 111 Grade -Fred, liorner l, Sam Hamilton 2, Herbie Richardson 3. James Hamilton 4. li (irade-Cieilia Horner 1, John Llliott 2, Garnet Horner 3, Emily Horner 4 Grade I Roy Hamilton 1, Willie Elliott 2, Fred Ijiugb-icii 3. J. ( \ Steven. Teacher
0
12.15 P. M
tel F- mM
• t
To buy well, watch the Jafert prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper	£
The Hardware and Metal Merchant	!
The Dry Goods Review	r
The Bookseller and Stationer.	$.
cast, lea Tin.' Mon Tailor Or.
? »•

PROMPTLY SECURED!
I KON 11:IT EXPORT
9.05 l
• •
M
% WIPI1	"XT-'
hend us i rough sketch oi ,	y»mr in-
v* n t ion or improve me nt a i, J .c ill till you,
tree our opinion as to whether it is probably patentai».e. Rejected applications have often
Deen Fuccescfuily prosecuted *y ue. We
ï?„ïxvl lYUl Crlu,VPe<1 offires in Montreal £?2i	• l"**011 : ibis qualifies us to prompt-,
IK v!!tttch ',!or.k n,1<1 Quickly secure Patents, furnished ithC mvcntiun Highest references
Patents procured through Marion & Ms-! nvFrr,c<*,vc rpeUl1 notkf without charge in i ui”> m,nro",paP<rrS di‘‘"ibut''d 'hrcuglou,,
tuS!ft^S.ta,i”tis °’ Manuf,c":
mediate • « * and p- ivtsxv Montreal at \
r«
* 6.35 P. M. Ui. itod-F
1.10 p.n
PH
m——^Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montrer.! and Toronto.
lias Pullman Pa
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Traii.s leave Ottawa Ontral Depot :
8 15 A. M, For Am prior, Renfrew, Fganville. Peui broke, Barry's Hay, Whitney. Canoe Lake, Parry tioun 1 and intermediate points.
4.4Ü P. M. For Am prior, Renfrew, Eganville, Pembroke, Madawaeka and intermediate stations.
1.00 P. M. Mix *d Train for Arnnrior, Renfrew, M .walks.;1	i4.
Nile Dam Impressed Him
• •
60 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
(lEN. f IiAMBhRLAIN, T1IE BX-iiOVBRROR OF MAINE, SAYS IT BEATS PYRAMIDS
»

Kganville,
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :
11.10 A M. From Madawaska, Pembroke, Egan-
ville. Renfrew. A ruprior and Intermediate points.
5.55 p. M Prom Parry 8ound, E^anville, Renfrew. Arnprioraud intermediate points.
2.50 P M. Mixed Trains from Madawaska. Egan-ville, Renfrew, Am prior ind intermediate stations.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Trade Marks
vllHpr Designs
1 rrf	Copyrights Ac.
Anyone «ending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an Invention is probably patentable. Communies-tions strictly confidential. Handbook on Patenta sent free. Oldest agency for securing patenta.
Patents taken through Mann t Co. receive racial notice, without charge. In the
Scientific American.
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest dr-eolation of any scientific Journal. Terms, S3 a year; four months. $1. Sold by all newsdealer*.
remorse
/
/
/
J''	.
»
f
-
.

i ,
>1
