###PAGE###1###
I

m






w ,4\
i>
' *
V
>
\





i
\


f

< I

No. 23 — ISrii Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, NOV.

1000.

81.00 a Year in Advance.

;

& Argue, $IMM ; John <1. Elliott, #15 •W ;1 ' H. Wiumnan, SlO.fM) ;
Hodgiim, &£>.41 ; (5. F 1 fudging, hill of huwiring, #21). 40.—Carried.
Moved hy conn. If odgins, seconded hy conn. Cowan that the Mayor and Secretary I rcanurer he empowered to Imutow the sum of #400.00 for six months at the rate of six per cent per lied.
THORNBY.
M I'M. J US.
The residence of Mr. Jus. Dean wan the scene of a quiet hut pretty wedding Nov. 5th., when Mr. John Cunningham, one of Starke'* Corners highly esteemed I and respected young men, w as married to
- $6,000,000. Misa Martha Demi, a very estimable
voting lady. Miss Mary Smart acted as bridesmaid, while Mr. Jim Cunningham, brother of the groom, ably tilled the role of groomsman. The bride and bridesmaid were prettily attired in becoming costumes. After the nuptial knot had been well and truly tied by Rev. Mr. Back the young couple and assembled
Money loaned on approved security at | friends partook of a hearty repast. After
spending a few enjoyable hours under the parental roof the bridal party, accompanied by a number of friends drove to their
.vh#>re a number of
groom's fi iends assembled to »< < ord them
Accounts opened for amount» of one dol- |a hearty welcome. 1 ho evening was
spent in a found <•! s..vial games. Aft< Hiip|H*r the party then dispersed to their several homes, first wishing Mr. and Mrs. Cunningham along, happy and prosperous journey through life. The wedding /resents were numerous and costly test i-ying to the high esteem in which the young couple are held.
Ilesd Offre: .. ..
«'hvI’hI Mil.x. r.1, ,1
itejiltai pild up ..
Meet ..............
OTTAWA. CANADA.
1,71 Visu,
OP CANADA.

1,40 J ,310.
Board of Di redora :
CAPITAL - .
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Charles Maure, Ehq., President. OeORfiB fi a Y, Rhq. , Vice-President.
H' • Hhvvin, Jk.
Alix. Fma»eh. Et<a,
Housekeepers I
Annum.—Car-
I
.Town Mai mu. Fkq.. T>avii> MaiLamn. Ksy., UvsNi-i Mt ttr-HV. K*y.
Moved by coun Cowan, seconded by coun. Smith, that we do now adjourn.— Carried.
Head Office, • Montreal.
GEORGE BURN, D. M. KIN ME
Gtnt-ral Manager
.. .. Manager.
• •
• e
• •
• •
• •
With three constituencies yet to vote the new Hou*c of Commons stands :— Liberals, 122 ; dependents, H.
Keep in mind that we have always been in the lead as grocers, and that we are still in the -front rank.
Bran- Iian •
IN ONTARIO :
Kowatm.
Kemptv lie,
MalUwa,
Ottawa,
<lo Hank Ht . Renfrew do Hid* au Ht. Toronto, Viiiiklei k Hill, Hmith’i Falls,
IN MANITOBA :
KIIUV VILLE BRANCH,
i
Conservatives, 80 ; Inin the last Parliament, before dissolution, giving the vacancies to the party which held the seats, the
— Libei n -, lilfi ; Const *¦»!ives, 77. h 'h*' <Government the three constituencies not yet tilled, and gets the Independents, as it w ill probably get all but one, it will not be as strong as it was before dissolution. The wild camj>aign made in its behalf in this province was necessary to its salvation. If Quebec had divided evenly it would have been defeated.
Alexandria,
Arnprinr.
Avonraore,
H rn-e bridge, L'a rit ton
Lanark, l urry Hound, Pembroke, Hat Portage,
J
reasonable rates.
Farmers note* bought aud collected.
\
thJdi!!
PI ave, Hawkesbury,
Sion WHK
Money traniferred to all parta of the world, future burnt
carries
SAVINGS BANK.
d
Dauphin,
Winnipeg,
Portage La Prairie.
IN QUEBEC;
HBHI
Agent* In Canada, New York ami Cbicago-liarik of Montreal.
Agente Ir St. Paul—Mmhantu Nnt. Bnnk.
Ageuta in London, Eng.—Parra Hank Lt'd.
tara and upward* and Interest allowed.
Office Hours . . 10 a.m.to3 p.m. Saturdays . . . 10 a m. to 1p.m.
K. A. PARKER, Manager.

/
Montreal.
Larhote.
!
Our Grocery Stock
k
Church Services.
METHODIST CHURCH.
Pastor#—Rev. W. Bowman Tucker, M.A.,
Pb. D. Rev W. II. Jobuaton.
Service# every Habba»h atl0.30a.rn ;7,p.m. . ...... .,	, ,, T
HnuUay School at 9 80. a. m.	While Mr. U. H. Lang was returning
the buggy gave way. Mr. Wm. Lang and the two children were thrown out
Wood taken in exchange for T-hotos at 11,06 fortunately none were seriously
hurt.
w ,	__	. . Mr. ami Mrs. A. Mulligan were pre-
Friday, Nov. 9th, was the fiPy-nmn | rented with a young son last week, anniversary of the birth of the 1 rince of | Master James Lumniis is up from
Shawville visiting his parents.
Henry Laabe voted in Alice township, On Thursday Mr. Tom Dale met with Renfrew Co., on election day, and died |an unfortunate accident. He slipped in the rig on his way home.	and sprained the leg he had ho much
trouble with Inst year. He has not walk-0.1 Nov. 10th, at the residence of her led on it yet, but it is to be hoped he will
sister Mrs. George Smith, Mr*. Andrew I soon be able to do so.
Judd, Lucy, fourth	daughter of Mr.	We are proud to be able to say the peo Toronto,	Nov. 19 —The Globe’s Win-
James Eliert, passed away. She had pie of Greermount did their part nobly :	special «ays :	“It is currently
been poorly for some	time, but Friday	in the elections.	It is true they were de-11 ^P°rte<l at	Portage La Prairie	that	Mr.
morning #ho seemed	t«i grow rapidly	feated, but still	an honorable defeat is	^ Loyd, Conservative M. P.	elect	for
worse, and died that evening about seven rather to be chosen than a dishonest vie o'clock. Mr. An w	Judd was in the	v,
shanty and just got home a short time before she died Her	husband and the
sorrowing family have the sympathy of I Judd’s camp were at the elections.
Greermount.	Violet and Pansy.
LOCAL NEWS.
QUEBEC LEGISLATURE DISSOLVED.
Nominations Nov. 30. Polling
Dec. 7th.
One who was There.
Is large and well-assorted and cf the finest quality.

-
Bibles. Hymn Books, Prayer Books, etc. for male at the Drug Store, Shawville.
^ For Organs, Pianos and Hewing Machines, hoc A. Howard at Pontiac House.
GREERMOUNT.
i
1
i
By proclamation in the name of lier Majesty the Queen the Legislature of thin province was dissolved on Wednesday last. The writs hear date of Nov. 15th and are returnable on the loth day of January, 1901. Nominations take
General Prayer Meeting, Friday, 7,30, p.m Everyone welcome.
Canned Goods.
We have a choice variety of Canned Fruits and Vegetables—all fresh goods and finest brands.
Dress-Makino—Two doors from The Equity office by Mrs. Woodley and Miss McOvdie.
WANTED - A good general servant. Apply to Mrs <». M. Donaldson, Shaw* ville.
When in need of Bible, Hymn Rook, Prayer Hook, or Hook of Praise, call on the drug store.
Mr. Roht. Smiley, who has been out in Manitoba since last spring, returned home on Wednesday last.
IL Imison s studio.
place on Friday next—30th inst. ; polling
Dec. 7th,
HUGH JOHN FOR LEADER.
The Story Wired the East from
Winnipeg.
Holiday Goods.
an*
Give uk a call and I am convinced of the fact- that you will W s it iafied with our w k.
We are busy opening up Fancy Goods for coming Holiday Trade, of which we will talk to >ou later.
Of
H. IMIson, Photographer.
Macdonald, is to resign in favor of Hon. Hugh John Macdonald. Mr. Macdonald to assume the ( if elected.
Mrs. James McCrcdie has purchased the store and premises of Mr. Roht. Campbell at Klmside, and intends reinov ing thither about the 1st of next month.
and consequently their votes, some think, were not lost.
. Some of the men from Mr. Andrew
as
’« 'uservativv, leaders!)ip
The Provincial Elections.
GIRL WANTED for general housework. Apply at once to Mrs. II. 11. Knox.
J. H. SHAW
Shaw ville.
m v,	inH|9n|Bnu	The Legislature has been dhUolved,
To the Electors ot Pontiac who stood by	__	and polling in the election of anew
^SüüWll SlElli
administration.	man, his living is gone sure, eh'	mvv ,lV,le' h exacts more from the
fwo great political parties sought the Henry Tracev has been verv ill for , r vv,uch new Liberalism
shall wc not with all assurance inscribe Miss Wright and Miss Maxwell, of \he term of the Legislature by two years.
ifiimi tessss ###
all in mv power not to disappoint your some three hundred dollars’ worth.	was the head, failed. Among these was
wise to reject .such talent as Sir Charles Tea and cake is included.	wl,h whl1ch Mr. March-
me to complain. However, we did not put I pound. That is true, but 1 hear that (lel,t-1,UI(lenetl of Jhe eastern provinces,
Iu	•	buyers spoiled their game hy paying three *}nn< "f ÎT' T" * ^
pleasing reminiscence.	I iniata til the ne» s this time.	Iters of > million doUare. On the great
issue, therefore, on which they fought the electoral campaign of I89t>, they are self-condemned by their acts. They should also be condemned hy • bv proMinutes rf a regular meeting of the | vince-Munidpal Council of the Municipality »f The v brief w that has been Mr. Jas. Robb, agent for Messrs. Gil-1 the village of Shztwville, held on Monday, ! given, there being only twenty-three days mour & Hughson, was at the Otter Lake (the 12th day of November, 1900. Pre- between dissolution and polling, indicates that it is hoped to snatch a judg-
Dr. Stackhouse, Surgeon Dentist, will be at Shaw ville on Tuesday, Nov. 27 th ; Campbell's Day, on Wednesday, Nov. 28th. Pairies will	by calling

Parcel Lost.—Would the person who took in mistake on Nov. 5th a parcel and trimmings for blouse kindly return to store of G. F. Hudgins, Shawville.
We enlarge photos. Bring your old photos to Imison if you want a copy or a crayon portrait taken from them, make the best for the least money, work guaranteed.
Studio, Pontiac House.
lias won in
rec ni.
J
We

All
mi

Lost—On Friday last, a halter, somewhere between the Quyon Mill and Radford. Information of the same will be thankfully received by the owner.
(	A. W. Chamberlin,
Fk,	ltadford.
£ Wg. AÜMh Eve Concert. -On Thursday evening next lieing Ht. Andrew’s eve a concert will be given in Elliott’s Hall, Shaw ville, for the purpose of aiding the building fund of St. Paul’s Church ball. A select program is being prepared for the oceasio ’ Admission, 15 and 10 cts. Poors open at 7 o'clock. Program at 8 o’clock.
PIANOS
it

7
The D. W. KARN COMPANY, Limited,

197 SPARKS STREET, - - OTTAWA,
Opposite Blythe’s New Store.
(
We have several good Square Pianos and we want to sell them quickly. Our new stock is coming along now, and need the room. When in the city, come in and make us an offer.
1/VST—On election night, somewhere J	around the Russell House, Shaw ville, or
8	on the street between that place and the
il	baibcr shop,	a roll of bills, containing
#	between #50	and $70. The finder will
W	be Rewarded	by leaving same at The
w	Eqv/ITY office.	The roll was secured with
'a rubber band.
many places where it was r\|" I.
Gentlemen,
we

*7
Your obedient servant,
G. 11. Drabazon,
Portage du Fort, Nov. 14th, 1‘JOO.
Sandy.
> ^
Coat Lo<r. — Taken from the hall rack in the Clifton House on nomination day a Lng black frieze overcoat, with a pair vs and some papers in the poc f. Information that will lead to ?overy of the same will l>e thank -ecei • *ed by the owner.
Fred Thomas, Shaw ville.
Shawville Council.
1
Do you want a good Second-hand Organ ?
We have some and must sell them out also.
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE.
f L.,
ets

ll
? |
re
Depot on	Monday.	sent, Mr.	Mayor George Hynes	; Coun
Mi	J. B. Murphy,	Ri ;<1 and cillons 3	. Arthur	F.	J ment 1 the Con	> have re-
uniting match and social will be John Farrell went up to Lake des Mauves Hodgins, Jos, Smith and John A, covered from their defeat in the parlia-4 Yarm on Thursday, N„v. 22ml, Monday.	Cowan.	mentary corneat. This i. a piece of smart
V th< brethren of Loyal Orange Lodge Messrs. \Vm. Kelly, W. B. Laflfcur, Moved by coun. Smiley, seconded by rather than of good tactics, and it may *,*>. 7‘dO to help to pay expense of fin- of the Bay, and Mr. Robt. Moorhitad, coun. Smith, that minutes of last regular n(»t have the success that is hoj>ed for. j vina tiivir hall. Several speakers are agent for the Gillies’ Bros., were at the meeting he adopted.—Carried.	VW»ile numerically weak in the Legisla-
Invite). ShetrtHM to. commence at 1 Ottor Lake House Tuesday.	Moved by coun. Eades. seconded by ^ore the Cottwmtivee have in Mr. Flynn.
I ekiD^Miiil ni half n&st? six same Mr. Roht. Dale, Thomhy, and Mr. coun. Smiley, that the pipe on Pickan- Mr. i tl.uticr, Mr. Hackett, and others.
Admission	:	Adults, 15 cts.;	John Hodgins, of Thorne West,	were	ock street be continued past	Richard	*on# of the strongest	men	personally	in
! Come all !	at-the Otter Rake House Tuesday.	Finnigan’s crossing.—Carried.	provincial	public	life.	If	their	efforts
r	Mr. Angus Moore w ent to the woods Moved by coun. Smith, seconded by I are pro{»ei ly seconded the result w ill
The death of Mr. John Dale, of this | with a gang of men Tuesday to commence coun. Smiley, that the following bills for ! certainly be disappointing to the minis-ë village, on Sunday morning last, removes saw-log business for the coming season, work done on the street be paid, viz :— Itcr9-another of the fast disappearing land- I hear that Miss Lowe, of No. 1 school Theodore Hodgins, $3.75 ; Win, H.
marks of this section. Mr. Dale, who	is preparing on a large scale	for a	Xmas	i Hodgins, $13.50 ; C. Mv< agg,	#13.25 ;| Fire at Carthug*, near Syracu§\ N. Y.,
,i* was in his 71st year, had been in an en-1 entertainment in Mr. W. Moore shall,	Adam Elliott, $0.45; Alex.	^ ilson,	destroyed the Island Company's	mile.
feebled state of health for some years Mr J. R. Horner, of Shawville, was $20.25 ; Frank Mitchell, $21.00 ; Selis-1 Loss, $150,000. i	past,	and latterly was	unable to leave his	up this way on business Tuesday.	ley Hodgins, $11.75 ; Albert	Homer,
4	home.	In	early life	Mr. Dale took an Mr. Jos. Gilpin had a bee on Tuesday	#124.50 ; Thus. Dale, $12.75 :	George
**	active part in Municipal matters, and for	putting up a stable.	Hynes, for team work, $52.87 ; Geo.
. ,	several terms represented Clarendon at Mr. D. Lunam, of Campbell’s	Bay, ac-	Findlay, 60ct«. ; Samuel Howes, $1.25 :	,
; ' the Co. Council board. After the incor- companied by Mr. D. Gillies, arrived at C. Caldwell, $3.75, and 75cts. for plank ; The annual meeting of the Directors,
I., ceased gentleman was a member of the I depot on Thursday, returning Friday.	trees included.—Carried.	| in the town hall, Shawville, for the pur
rV English Church, and a strong Conservât- Mr. W. McVeigh, of Bryson, was up Moved by coun. Cowan, seconded by pose of settling the business of the season, vein politics. He was also a member	this way on Thursday.	coun. Eades, that the following	parties | ^ud fll*° to consider the question of	build-
of the Grange Order, under whose aus-	I)r. McNally, of the Bay,	had a	hard	le paid for plank, viz.:-—Ralph Hudgins,	mg u ,1V" fal°i7v Order
V	pices his funeral took place on Tuesday I	trip up Coulonge last wt ek.	$5.10 ; Arthur Smiley, $4.75 ; Cuthoert-	\y	\ÿ	IRELAND
A , afternoon.	»	Ceremonie, son, Graham & Elliott, $31.50 ; Wilson |Shawville, Nov. 10,1900. *	St
See ôur Mr. J. R. HORNER, Shawville. He will give you every attention and send you what you need—at once.
\ AI
t

I

. *1
Y
children, 10 cts. Come one


»
Public Notice.
Farm for Sale.
1 hereby give notice to the public, more	------,
especially the farming community, that . rarm for sale being Lot No. 15 on the notwithstanding the representations, " " ranga of t he Township of Clarendon, which are being made throughout thef Co. of Pontiac, containing 200 acres of country by parties engaged in the sane business ns myself, to the effect that I am only paying three cents for lambs, that I have as a matter of fact paid three and a quarter for lambs all fall, and that during the past two weeks I have been # paying three and a quarter for light and'heavy, as I still require some 1500.
I declare that the statements and repre sensations made by the above mentioned parties are absolutely incorrect and have no foundation in fact.
(Signed.) HARRY CROUCH.

i
/1
Notice.

I
There are good building erected thereon which are nicely situated at the favored summer resort, Green Lake. About 100 acres are in good shape for cultivation. The remainder consists of bush-land containing a large quantity of pine, maple, ash and pulpwood. For terms and particulars apply to
/ j
-




& E. WILSON,
C
. O., Qua.


<
t!
I


1


###PAGE###2###
I
X












tilt one thing tint never thnngft tint
Pellet*» flay ClieiiT#. Opinion» Winy Chnnge,
LODELLA
rauiainn thn boat.
In tend Packet* IS, SO, 4#, 10 and SSe.
enough* to cover #11 the operations of war, no matter whet their «cope.
During1 the firel part of the war In Sou till Africa, the foreign preae, in iu onviv kindly and friendly way, flouted and aneered at our generale, even went mo far as to say that President Kruger had ieeued orders to the effect that his soldier a were on uoao-
The ducklings are marketed jy|| Japan teas are colored.
r«nt.
when about nine weeks old, when they do and should dross from ft to 10


îj
#
Oh the Farm.
f
pomnla iw pair.

They
.
i)iv i:ttsikikd ritouvera
PlîOGRH«tVE PARMI NO.
GHVLOW TJtiA.. It»iw*y«
Tilt* farmer a hou hi diversify thn products of his farm, f armor, whose laud runs from 60 to
Progressive farming does not neevs-
oew
The dairy
âarily imply the trying of every machine, the testing o’ every theory, in' nuking m my nut rod ion 1 changea In lh.> mvtlio I of o i rrying on the f irm Radio»i changea are revolu-
CEVLON UREEN TEA
is pure and unco lured.
I
«mot to shoot at our gt-nerale—because they were of "more use to him living than dead."
serve of generals was drawn upon, and Lord Rolmrta and Lord Kitchener nppeared upon tlie scene of action, with NOT MERELY w hat results is now known to all the earth, these flouts and sneers were replaced hy the grudging neknowledg-sriio,ii- ment of the fact that, indisputably, we

25ft uoree, will surely hive some acres of some other
that will grow more
than it will yield of bay or
Dut when our re-
Commission Co , Limited, Toronto.
crops
other fo ldor. Suppose such a farmer has five acres of hi u;k dirt, that will grow only poor and thin hay, From those acres tie may harvest bu-h ds of onions, or largo yiehls of carloads of cabbage or
MSS OH WHOM WE RELY
wo i k.
tlone, and it Is but seldom that a revolution works good, development U the successful mins method of introducing new things.
of crop with
i
Evolution and
Tho Dawson
OUR GENERALS ARE
SPURS AND GOLD LACE-
have 11 poor memory, forgets a compliment.
A woman may but she never A fellow may rueh out hurriedly **-tween the acts to see a man, hut be never ovinoa back out of brestn.
He cannot do eui'll work except with these. A man might be a toil on g-niin and vog^t iMw. beast of burden and live i the right kind of, he cannot do fierce, smushing, competitive work oi good soldier without me it, and
moa ts.
potatoes, or cauliflower or celery.
The tiret season h hiok ii farmer is not familiar should l>,i considered an experiment. Stock that is not thoroughly understood should not be rnlord extensively until A new machine
Hr; Are Hf|ianr4 Veieme* Wltfc
in« in mill» » ni *&y*&-*ywp»ww had generale who wore generale in-11 ub Tbrlr « «unm» ml*.	tl<*ed.
li?<s and ar oil n bo a on much if ho h ta
blood poisoning
The British iirmy has a larger proportion of generals who have seen a<s in the field, than ean be
. MEAT EATER AND VEGETARIAN.
T# reKK * «ou* B •'* ***
visoora u; but
it Is un dwelt ood. should not bo tw-icn up until thoroughly t<wtod on the farm and soil of the neighborhood, and not until use has shown t ha manufuot urers tlie lit-

lUnulwe I* »• .Mhkue
FOLLOWS A WOUND IN THE KNESjtive
CAUSED BV A PITCHFORK. £- 1-W	%%>
I lured to call cur ••reserve'* of generals, tual and spirituelle have their t.v, and
-srrr............................
WBÊSBÊ
11 "	of (]ip in them we have a large and reliable tins, "that many persons and races
“	reserve of generals. During the last 0f people can lire, thrive and grow	cot, Qr iron-
sppiüiBea!*
e=:53	z#=e=
vious to the incident, aud It was hut observation of ac ..ai warfare must be evidence to many. Fhey ccnsequtn y ,.Kv<wy min wlio works should eut
2S2*m=' mm mm	hfisss
..............r :.:
are lieutenant-generals, and a
-tesrtilv grew worse, and finally five hundred and ten are major-generals.
called in for consul- hi igadi-r-generuto are not usually Included in the list of "generals," but if
>
nerve bn u
service
Where Vrvmn I iiergv I. \mw«rj Mini I» Eernllnl.

plenty of it.
"One needs a certain racial, geographical and anatomical disposition to bn a good vegetarian. Of all 1*'0-l he least so qualified.
have on an of in-
man of letters.
tin change# I hat are always found advantageous to mike to perfect the The first m whines are
freer hut HI, l,lie Wm *»'»<¦.
pies wo are The vegetarian races
five to ten feet more
machine,
not the best, and it Is always hard to
HOK OVHR HIPTY VBARh
¦mmm
denounced and
average
test mes than meat eaters, and so live and tol on grain and vegetables, build war ships,
can
change of patterns.
but they cannot bridges, typesetting machines, sky-scrappers, locomotives, etc.
"It is safe to say that this oril-of meat has
A man who gives his children h ibite for thiMB bette» fortune.—
of industry pruvilt* than liy giving I bom « Wbitely.
tuny's unprecedented bad nearly ns much to do with speeding and progressing civilization ns The Canadian
use
tore, stoci'; raising,etc.
him elf and family in touch with the welfare, a err leu It ural worl t, by taking a nnm- tive, Mr. Silas Hiss II, is b ,r of, th' b>«t firm periodicals. His
____JIOkTItU H0TÏL Dwmt.----
Th# “ Balmoral," Free Bus \ AVENUE HBU8E—,^5
—------	ft w
one
tubers of tlie family, who
yean n*r tin
\
H* who commits in justice I* *ver wretched thae he who

made emi** gulf lot's it»—Phi to.
To be proud of Warning Is tiss groat-w,t igsarau*-.—1ers»y fa y le».
w. r. c. i#50.
Tin

so con-
CALVERTS
msmm-
lap,|y Lleti mailed tree os ippllcaUen.
F. C. CALVERT A CO.,
MANOMMTSR • • ENGLAND.
changed.
GARDEN NO IKS.
Te send fer eue Cats*
Music Teachers Wanted
metal'weks-ss
A MUSICAL TOWN.
Cemslete
i Rheumatism
made pi itforun, open the air, and do not have them over eight or ten inches in depth, beginning near bottom of cellar and having platform above platform, which physicians were may be of loose bomb, with three tation. My entire system seemed to between each. Keep the cel- be affected, and the doctors said the
I#’ru§ §f Sheet
trouble was bluod poisoning treated me for some time, but I «wire
melodious town in the world is Andreeisberg, in the Harts Mountain*, in Germany, where every
250.ÛOO canaries are reared. Of
t, u.ie and Seek# with Sseekil raise el dlweunt
The most
¦ ¦
WHALEY,
RDYCE&Ce
year
this great output no less than four fifths come to America. Of the remaining 50,000 England ar»t* 87,00»,
I Ituswa 111,000 and either European,
countries outside Germany 5,OHO. But Î the flower of the flock, numbering | 10,000, are kept at Home to gladden of the Fat hurl anil, for the
Is Uric Acid in the blood. Unhealthy kidney» are the of the acid bee •* there. If the kidneys acted »s they should they would strain the Uric Acid out •f the system and rheumatism wouldn't occur. Rheumatism is a Kidney Disease. Dodd's Kidney Tills bave in-de a great part of their reputation curing Rheumatism. So net at the cos'» of those fearful shooting pains and stiff, Honing joints. There id but one sure way—
has
they are added, then our army close upon two hundred generals. MUST WORK THEIR WAY.
h ¦
Jar dark to prevent sprouting. Keeep trouble had reached one of my lungs,
and that they could hold out but lit-
cause
a l bar mom tor and kerosene stove in th-. coolest spit, and when tempera- lie hope of my recovery. After return fills to near 31 degrees light it. mnining in bed for eleven weeks, I With the warmer we it her of spring decided that 1 would leiurn to nay air by night nad close by day. If col- old home in Canada. I was so much
down, and so weak that it was lime to air-slafck. If a question whether I would live to not w.luted until spring reach there, but I was nevertheless
Among so large a number of generals it iiuuy surely be said without offence that all have not the same ability or the same particular gifts, but there be no question that most of them capital soldiers ; some of them, indeed, have proved themselves remarkably able and brilliant men. Except in altogether unusual circumstances, a general can hardly be a young man ; | and while some of our generals have | reached their rank earlier than others j in the service, their average age is j rather aboie than under fifty, them haie had to "work ibeir way up' —a process which has taken them from thirty to forty years.
Some of them, perhaps, are physi- |
BSSggnSSigag
! the homes j German is even canary then be is of a china dog.
The canary industry and its secrets have bean handed down from father to son in Andreaaburg.
fonder of a singing
ran
hr feels at all damp, open a cask run
or two of aio.io
MILLS, MILLS A HALES,
«n»»*l\» W„i«r NMh»,
II,<*,«• III W .Twain.
LAW
I
are

onions :ir «
is advanc'd spread 18 inches deep io determined to make an effort to de convenient loft an l when hard so. After a long journey under these
wiili most trying circumstances, I reached old home. I was so used up, aud
loose, Weseriee, Cru-•ifisee, (Muiulsre,
llel ilout tMiin, hl«lu,ry. e«	Oreemeül*
K.,u.aenO Wag*
I
Catholic Prayer
any

floezing weather conies cuver two foot of waste hty on top. aud be- m,v t wean sideu of heap and sides of build- presented such an emaciated appearance that my friends had no thought I continued to
A RARE CHANCE
To cultivate a calm, hopeful spirit lies in, the use of Putnam’s Painless Corn Extractor. It never fails, ft makes no sore spots on the flesh and is therefore. painless. It relieves promptly,
A ship having two owners must ho a partnership.
uo>
Dcdd U
Kidney
Pills
il
I
tTtT»
in g.
All of
B
In keeping squashes don't leave that I would recovet. th in out-doors after gathering, ex- drag along in this condition lor sev-pooad to cold rains, as they will be apt oral mouths, when one day a cousin to spot and rot after storing. Squash- asked me why 1 did not try Dr. m will keep their natural color bet- Williams' Pink Pills. 1 was willing Usr Ln dry cellars thin In houses built to try any medicine that was likely purposely for preserving them, but to cure me, and I sent for a supply of such cellars, to of the pills. After I bad been using of the marketm.ro, they the pills for about three weeks llelt Thisy are best handled on an improvement in my condition, t rum
better,
!
M
QÏ
I
er


I —
Cents’SvriOTieaf<x
,a ll),'l ; »l»o t Aille» W.-ar of ell kiBtle,
Ml,l H„uer Haatints at ever) dwcrltitiea. IIOI.U Ml DALI ST 1>Y IIS.
BRITISH AMERICAN D T illINO CO Y, Muuiml. Turuuto, ou,»» 4 QiMhaa,
tally not. quite so "fit" as when they { but I he conditions
iim: «oui» ii v i list.it vu* LSOTIIKW.
were younger ; which surround an officer’s life are
I
,,!¦ in----———	«¦“ Ladies of Canada—Sisters;
such as to make him as guod a man	, Great Brnain takes nearly all the
nractioally at fifty, or even sixty, as, a food, rrvflt that has boon tided m exported produce of Canada. English, civilian who is many years his junior, a few hours; indeed, live rabbits. , Scotch and Irish boy. produce the teas
zz ;rz Lt sïïzzïs i H,
uvtessary, and the "mobility" of our wilh the most beneficial results	teas. Green tea of pure natural
r* *~,
tion thin in outward appearance. stntesrTUvn Re(. obstacles to prefer-Tha visceral anatomy of some races . en(j|(1 tra(|e within the empire. You of pvople ii somewhat like the goat, bi ites can sweep aside all obstrue.-
z " ïï.’s.’ïz z I j-sysr %
16 i get these pure leas if you only insist. Th» Sa lula Tua Comparu hive

wh»ui brought out the chagrin
¦y
-
roofikb-Æ'MïïK
Knl ur Green. 6LATR BUWKIOAHH. (W«
I'uli le sud Hfh BchrRijH.ToMtiM) H»oN ..si Tàr, eu. HOOflNti T1L1 (•-• *•* ^
1.»,*, Tui mu. Uo*e by ooi (lie) M#,ul 0#iH»§e, nie*e,rH. bnliiu xtw fnr»l«ksd hr WeiM •	* 'J
pia'enelMh |>pwl U »ej k*ri el CL •UTHI1Â SONS, Adelaides WldmerSISgTereelS


soon rot.
a large scale by keeping in specially that time I gradually grew srected buildings, having pi it forms, new blood seemed coursing through ivhwre they are to be piled two or my veins, the stiffness in my joints three deep. Such houses should have disappeared, and the agonizing pains the doors and windows open for the which bad so long lorturvd me va niai,' as late in the season as possible, bind. I Look in all ten or twelve Mid when closed have the tempera- boxes of Dr. Willuims' 1'mk fills mid turn about 45 degrees. The poorest 1 have no hesitation in saying that ripened ones should be placed in the 1 believe they saved my life, for when of the house. Squashes (returned to Canada, I had no hope
lA
BB

i;
I
THE MOST NUTRltlOUS-

GENERALS AND MEN.
The relation between generals and their commands have altered very much for the I letter in the army during the last twenty or thirty year.. ^ uQ<l ttnimalw of prcJ,
Fuimvrly a genera, had very little con-	^	intenet in», is
metion with, or influence upon, his	end o£ much hrg- ! placed them in hundreds of stores.
=====
¦MS ‘
and they know .heir general.	“J^TL
lnl no other array is there so much murh as or 0.1	*
sympathy between commander and command as there A in ours, and this applies to the w hole body of our generals.
EPPS’S'
i
GRATEFUL OOMFORTING.
war meet part
that have spotted may be kept awhile of recovery, bv putting a little air-slacked lime Mr. Biasedl has since returned to into the bole from which, the rot lias hie old home at Lincoln, Neb., but
lb-, statements made above can be vouched for by inny of his friends in this section, and by all of thé neigh-
COCOA
is 1

BREAKFAST 8UFPŒR-
The Canada Permanent and Westerly't/mad
Mortgage Corporation.
been cut.
MAKING DUCKS GROW.
Duoku require a week longer to in- bora in the vicinity o' his old home.
Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills cure such as Mr.
y a man stumbles over lmag-1 kings in his path.
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury.
es mercury will -n-ely ,te Ivor r.hé « n*e ot smell sndrempletely derail.e i lie who e»y when art riiig 111,rough tbs mo o v -art Kuchsrv des should asti r he tiled exeep en prenrip Ion, (ram rvpiit idle, h,»iclan«, »« ihe d i viage i nsy w ill do isle" f Ifl to lb- good ) u ran possibly derite (rom them. Hu 1 - (’Hlarrli Cu-e, mol,off ured by F J Cl.ere led,,. (I., curtains ne merer.-y mil if Ink es In lernslly. a,-ling dli fi:r..y upon the Mined nad inacoos , a risers ',( ihs , tMern la buyu.g Hall’s Catarrh Core ha sure yon get ihe gn,u. tea. Il it takes internal y.an.l made Id Toledo, Ohio, by F. Cherniy fc Co. Testimonial!
" id by nrrggistt. prier 75c per bottle.
Hall's Family Pills are ti e beet.
Man
inary
jubato than do hens, and the young
ducks	will broak the shell SO	to 48	apparently hopeless
hours	before they get ready to	come	Bissell’s because
Never try to help one out	until	r;ch, red blood, and	ihus	reach	the
he cannot, get out	him-	root of the trouble.	Those	pills	are ,
the only medicine offered the public I Tbo food should be about the same that Cau show a record of such muras for chi' Win, except more bulky, v«.Hous cures after doctors had failed.
all unwell, this médi-
ra ses
1
they make new,
i

out. you are sure eelf.
Toronto 3t„ TOKVNIO.
as
OvFicE- t>atia
? it ni aec-
m«‘n,
This fact is
by Konig, Gruber and
te-tiflod to other great medical authorities.
"Of all the world the workingman of that country has to think as,he
beast of
Basera Orric*»-
Wlnnlpeg, Man., Vancouver, B. St. Johni
such as potatoes and cut clover. As jf you arc at th y get older feed out green corn cim-c will restore you to health, but I hs'first three days feed ^ 1Uie you get the genuine with the full name "Ur. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People," on the wrapper around each box.
It i e.. To-
st noon.
Ih-,in from four to five times a day. of water in not handy they will choke. Th, y seem to get their food down by giving a number of epismodic
H.» is In no sense a
works.
burden; he cannot live on grain. One-third of the blood In his entire body is nwded to keep his brain active. His labor Is fiercely fast and comAll this and more is in his
Deposits S 3' Deteetiires
ARE NOT ORNAMENTAL.
I
It is unquestionably an excellent feature in oar Army that oui generale are of them "ornamental" soldiers,
" —— *#"

1r*ucU fsr ome, two. throe, four or fire y rare At
THE ENGLISH HELLO!

none
bolding themselves apart in a sort of splendid isolation, as it were, from their men. On the contrary, knowing what their men can do, they are not likely to be either hurried or flurried.
The personal element has always entered very largely into warfare ; so much so, In fact, that nearly all campaigns are identified with the names M individual generals. In our reserve of generals there muet needs be many differences of disposition, of temperament, and of character in the men who comprised within it, and it is weU The point to
jacks.
A good drinking fountain for young ducks is made by taking a gallon well cleaned out, and holes with a nail
During the year 189» the National Telephone Company, tabliehed no less than 615.U00.90» talking connection* amongst its subscribers, or about 2,000,000 per work-It is remarkable that this
Mutability of temper and Inoonsia-t«nv,y with ourselves Is the greatest wwi knees of human nature.—Addison.

pet (live.
work that to not in others. He needs rapid nerve repairing food, strong red
Surplus Assets
As. ooo, ooo. ^
of England,
paint can, punching a few half an inch up from th* top or open Kill It with water and place


n
.b}bo c<^nvi) hirbi *7 Vf/>- &
<&4 do fnw/
Sêu^^iMirn/éf/ijAn/
II
[ÎJurV^xceeds that of the telegrams received and despatched by the General Bust Office during the same year by nine times.
FOR	_
Laundry, Waahioe VIsthM. I ..else. Boolis* US
PARAFFIN*

end.
over the opening an earthen flower and quickly Invert, should lie about an inch larger
¦1

bkAÂ/ÛAl'
I he
WA
SAUÇAT
tunvt/
lancer
In diameter than the oan, thus the Indu will have half an inch of wain, and you will find
•• a thing of Beauty Is a Joy.”
Nerviline is a k>y also. No remedy in iho world cqvaW it. Neuralgia and rheumatism arc relieved almost instantly aud minor aches sud peins arc rg. ..a by i single applkutkm. Nervine is eerre to em^-

I-
to "l
!
THB QUFNN OITY (ML CO. Limited Hem I rngeie Treat, foreuto
Aik your it**lei lor H.
thto quite enough.
nuekltoqu are much ussier ruioe.l . su# tke (tree are

,hst it should be eo.H |a>lioa is thei the field of choice is wide

more e large pei
t


,rtt




71





r

i




###PAGE###3###

gmys v
* H 1
4
1


7TZL


f
1
x



i
i


MOSQUITOES AND MALARIA.
ponte well anil «uniting them In hot tar alio aervea to make them last longer, None of the above measure» except that of kiiping tha wood perfectly dry will bo effective if the fungus lias oui e entered the wood.

furnishing a nnw houan or refurniah-Th» change I» in

HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
in g an old one. workmanship, the quality of material and the uniting of detail in one bar* So far aa woods are
II,ilium Heek lo rriifi- TImIIHo Fever l« !•'<' lo lit** t-nmlllai* •**‘*»f«

Italian physician* have recently be n performing experiments to prove ' lie truth of the theory formulated by Dr. Patrick Munson, that malaria ia dim-
The place
1
INTERESTING ITEMS AW*IT" OUI OWN COUNTRY.
I
monluus whole, concerned, there b an increasing demand for thiwe which are intrinsically beautiful, such as quartered oak

WINTERING CATTLE.

SUBSTANCES IN THE EYE.
Th« wintering of yearlings ha* to he They need clone
CLEANLINESS HEQISITB
!
A natural Instinct impels a person who feels pain or Irritation to rub the attested spot. When some trifling object gets under the eyelid one is tomiited to rub the exterior of the lid, and thus unconsciously imbed the object in the inner aurface, thus rendering its ultimate removal more difficult.
Impulse prompts one to wink, This operation is apt to have the same effect. If the lid he promptly turned inside out, though, danger from both of these causes will be avoided, and the discovery of the mischief-making particle may be promoted. It is better to have some one else do the hunting, but if a looking glass is at hand perhaps the victim can see well enough witli the other eye to find the object in question.
Gently hold the eye open with the fingers and thumb of one hand, while with the other h ind dash Light handfuls of water in and across it, so as
he carefully done, attention and good care. At no time in the animal's life may they be more easily » polled than when taken in for the first winter feeding.
fluthereS Zrom Various Po.il» Iront thr Atlantic lo the PkIIU,
A pulp mill w lo be located neat Wehbwood.
Strathroy is going to purchase lane for a park.	V
Phoenix, II C„ bus been incorporated as a city.	\
Itobt. M thood, postmaster at Poods wlcb, Ont,, is dead.	V
Directors of the Kingston Fairharit to meet a $0110 deficit.	\
Granolithic sidewalks now adorn the streets of Port Arthur.
Open gambling in Sandno, B C., has been stopped by the police.	,
A Unitarian church, that cost 88,- l 000, has been dedicated In Ottawa.
W. T. Muir, reeve of Portage Le L a Prairie, Manitoba, died neently.	. 1
Dr. Clemensha, Port il pe, is d a Alfred May rock, clerk of the lowr^^H ship of South Munogbau, is dead.^^^ft Cook, of Orton, has a reccrd of potatoes—IM bags from 8 acne»
Croasley and Bouter, the evn gab isle, will hold meetings at y Springs.
Allan Hugh Charles, of Gdlt, is a member oi Lord Huberts' body guard.
XVm. Turnbull, a Moore Township pioneer, is dead. He was 90 years of age.
John Jeffrey, while felling trees, was killed at Burnt island, Georgian
aeminated by mosquitoes, selected was near Ostia, on the Roman Campagna, k place that has so evil a reputation for malaria that to sleep there is considered by the inhabitants of Koine as certain to be followed by The three
Dirt is the great enemy to good dairy produce anil o.eanlineae the great secret of success in butter milking.
and mahogany.
TJjb Increased number of flat» and of small hoii»«s h im Influenced furniture and will undoubtedly influence The upright piano, ' hn

But it i» I hi- unseen filth that
. . . causes the moat of the trouble. Whore They need rather more nourishing!^ ,g koown to exllt an<1 can heeeen
feed than older animals. They may ^ ^ oomparaUvel, 6Uy to get rW of a severe
also be changing teeth during the win- ^ j( u ^ wMch ja aiaolvod in the experimenters lived there for months, ter, and that has to be watched au.	that cannot be got rid of so resdl- They exposed tbemaelve. to every local
suitable provision made for well-cut	for this the only safe remedy is condition except ing the mosquito.».
prevention. Have I he quarters clean, They look no quinine, fhe only in. ans the cows cle m and milk in a cleanly of protection they adopted wss to make
th*ir hut absolutely proof against 1 mosquitoes "by means of wire gauze. As these insects only attack iu the night, the experimenters have moved about the country in the day, but they Sir W. H. Richmond, president of the i%iva always been indoors an hour Sm.-ke Abatement Society, states that i,e(0re sunset, and they have never there are about 18 million tons of gone out until an hour after sunrise, coal consumed manually in London. 1q this way they have escaped mosqui-oosting some 10 millions sterling, of to bites, and, while the whole of the which probably 3 million tons are con- country-side is fever-stricken, they
have remained in perfect health.
The other side of the exiavriment
it still more, wail bed, the narrow chair and the extension table, aeem to be types of
attack of fever.


I bn furniture of the future.
Another almost Irresistible
«
food.
The food for the whole stock is cut
INGENIOUS PLAGUES.
A burst of ingenuity teems to have centered itself in a new plaster of II his coin* a« a wel-

Corn out moderately
i ni mixed, green, shoe lend and housed when dry enough in used tor part of the ration, while chaff or cut straw makes up a
manner and there need bo no dissolved filth.
pii is plaqu
of preserving some of t lie
W iv
exquisite colored heads and floral piriures which we yearly have sent A little good

CHIMNEY LOSS.
This is fed twice a day—
coarse food, at ti in the morning and 5 at night. At ration of roots is given, and
to ns on calendars, t late and considerable nimbleness of fingers is nil I bat is required, in addition lo an agateware pieplate, some plaster of pari* and water, a knife, a bit of tape and a curtain ring, with „ pretty entered picture which his been neatly cut out from its background, and a bottle of gilt paint. Th-se various things are then handled At first the
J
noon a
these are sliced only for animals teething.
Withi the coarse fodder is the corn, at least fairly well matured.
For the yearlings, instead of the straw, cut rye or clover hay is substituted twice a week, or of teller, as
suinwt hy gas and other manufactor-
iee. About two-thirds of the heat
produced by the combustion of coal is <ousiated Iti exposing a healthy m in may U* required.	|oat jn the ordinary g rates by passing who had never suffered from malaria
A* the winter advances the supply of Bp tfae ^hnneys, and I he Ices thus) to the biles ot mosquitoes imported dried corn becomes exhausted and	|ncurred jg about „ millions sterling	from Italy,
ailago is substituted for that part of	n yMf It h„ been proved beyond	priment
tbc ration, and with it is used a small	dig|)ute the, faef5i.y furnacei „„	:l,.d was not	exposed	to	any	malarial
f«d of chopped oats two parts, Lran	p„i|y rendered smokeless, and	influence, but	in	due course, aft	r	be-
at a saving to their owners of from in# bitten by these mosquito, s,
contracted malarial fever, with i he usuil symptoms, including u tempera-lure of 1V1 degrees. Great care taken, however, to select mosquitoes ! whose bites resulted in the tertian form of malaria, the parasite of which
to produce a current of water flowing over all the surfaces of the eye
and the under side of the lids. The b. following way. effect of this almost invariably is lo p|,i,. should be filled wiiji water, push (he intruding object from the which, however, is soon I cased out
again, ih i object being simply to The picture
The subject of this exin perfect health,
was
eye.
The eye should not be rubbed or one [IIVe u moisi surface, lid drawn over the other, or a silk ^ tlvn taken up and placed face handkerchief drawn across the »f- downward In lbs centre of the plate.
or shorts two parts and chopped peas one part. Thus is sprinkled upon the coarse fodder at tbo afternoon feed.

.1
10 to 20 per cent of the fuel consumed. With the use of the automatic feeder cheaper coal than anthracite can be adopted. The technical committee of I he Cual Smoke Abatement Society has examined anil approved grates, which while they maintain the open fire, cons me all the carbon, and hence no appreciable quantity of smoke ascends the chimney.
?
fee led part, Iiut I ho eyo should be soon us it is sien I hit it adheres kept from winking as much as pos- |„ ft quite closely lb» plaster of paris aible, while prompt action is being tnlt- which his b.'en previously been mix-en to cause a current ot water to pass lw| wi b water until it it smooth and
of lbs consistency of thick oream, is This method is a copy from nature, poured In upon it, and ill a sufiicirni for when very fine dust enters l tie quantity to fill the plate up to the eye nature seeks to relievo it by means very. top. of lue. fluids which moisten and tub- useful in smoothing it over, riente the eye, arid when larger ob- p,,int, also, u contrivance is arranged
hanging up I he plaque in the the piece of tape with a
As the winier advances and springtime cornea nearer the roots, which have been white or yellow turnips in the fall, and swedes by about Christmas time merge into mangles, which are beat in the springtime, route generally last lilt there is fairly good grazing, which will be from the lOth to the I jib of May.
During the summer, if pasture is hare, care is taken to supplement with other feed or such soiling crops as have alreidy be, n mentioned in lue feeding of the younger stock.
The fall feeding of yearlings applies to those two years old, except that if these are to be furnished for Iwef in the tall they are given the best of the pasture and a more liberal allowance of chopped feed. They are put into, th ! stables earlier than the j younger cattle and fed more liberally ; of chopped grains and oil cake, grains grow u un tins farm ate- .first [ consumed.dts beiilg tire mosl economical, but if inure be needed oil cake is an excellent finish,ng food.
In the mixed grain ration, as feeding time advances, live chopped oats may be increased as vv oil as tho chopped peas, and the bran reduced.
So 'much has to be left to the careful! feeder, who has to treat each j animal according to its special needs that unless a careful weighing is made of the food consumed the expense can only be estimated.
Such a careful weighing of food consumed is too expensive for the ordinary farmer, a^d is usually left for the experimental a.ution. Unless compiled with care any guess of value is only misleading and is not to be attempted.
It has been found that where animals can be fed in loose boxes with plenty of room to move about they do better and make faster gains in weight than when tied up. During the period in which the animals are housed they are out once every day for water, which is pumped by windmill into a tank in the yard.
If plenty of roots are fed it is found that feeding cattle will hardly touch water, i Salt is provided and may be fed with food as well as put within reach.
AJ feeding steer will require from 3 1-2 to 41-2 ounces of suit per day,
w as



Bay.
The late George M
Stewart, of Belleville, left an estate valued at
over the surface of the hull.
could be killed by quinine,
#1*1,000. 1
Renfrew County has a balance m bank of #6,607.06 and a sinking fund of #7,8X1.
Moose jaw s new Metbodnt Church is about completed. It will pomes# a pipe organ.
Dr. Anderson of Retroea has beer* appointed u house surgeon at the London Asylum.
James timith, a former resident of Erumosa Township, died at Vancouver, B. C.
A Woodstock company will bore fox oil upon l he premises of John Silcox, in East Korea.
I*. C. Jones shot a pelican near Belleville. It m usured 8 1-2 feet from
tip to tip.
D bread war in Petrolia recently brought the price of the staff of lit down to 3 rente a loaf.
The late Mr. Pethck, of Peterboro, left $610 to Methodist missions is China, Japan and India.
Joseph Crane, ex-Warden of Lanark, has been appointed c orns commissioner for that district.
During the year ending Si-ptember 80th, 82 prisoners bad been confined in the Sault Ste. Marie jail.
Private Noble J. Jor.es, of Owen Sound, during an engagement in South Africa, was shot in the hand.
Rev. R. W. Dalgleish, B.A., of the Montreal Methodist Conference, lias been ordained for sp-cial purposes.
The Bishop of Huron lias appointed Rev. Edwin Lee, oi Hespcler, to the charge of the parish of Mooretown.
Rev. George Murray, Presbyterian minister at Nicola, B C., has been appointed Government ag' nt at Unit place.
Lieut.-Col. William MeGibbon, oi Montreal, a veteran of the Fenian Raid, recently celebrated hia 77 b birthday.
The
I
WJ RELE93 TELEGRAPHY.
Here, than, the knife is At this
An interesting utilization of wire \ sa telegraphy is recorded in connection with the ioe-breakin steamer "Erm ik ' The Russian iion-
jects enter, and cling more tenacious- for ly, the irritation causes a copious dis- , future.
charge of tears, so that the eye over- ! curtain ring on one end of it U press-nature tries by flushing it. ' ed down In the piaster, where it noon
Asa on as
during Last winter.
clad "Generale Amiral d'Apraxine" run on the rocks Ringing the coast of ing at, an hotel one winter evening ^ mlau!| of Uuh!and, in the Gulf of bad a hearty supper together. Supper j,inland> lt waa necessary to save the over, the three found some difficulty i	anil to acoompliah tbi» it was
in allotting their leapoctive shares in de3jrB(j establish communication by the bill ; but one of them at length
• :>
OLDER THAN ADAM.
Threo commercial travellers uvot-

6

flows, as
to propel along and float away with hardens Into pi-rm n nay, the current the cause of the irrita- it is found th it Hi plaster is sufficiently hard, the knife cm lie slip-p»l around th’ e Igea of I he plate to facilitate the whole turning out well.
\

lion.
means or other with the main-A high
eom ¦
land and vffrh the "Ermak." mast supporting a wire was erected upon a high point on the island of Hob-land, and the required transmitter and coherer installed, while a a.milar plant
I cut short the dispute by proposing that whoever had the "oldest name"
I among them should go frek, the expenses lie ing halved by the other two.	y—
l_. X.v* jamendmeht being promptly
accepted, No. 1 produced a card in-	a«ay, the instrum.nra in both
scribed "Richard Eve," which No. 2 cases being supplied from the warship trumped with "Adam Brown.” Then | which was equipped with the appara-No. 3a portly veteran with humorous tus. The vertical wires utilized 157 grey eyes, laid down bis card with j f,et in height, and the sparks from the the quiet confidence off a great gen-1 induction coils were 14 inches long. The era I making a decisive movement, and installation worked without the slightest hitch over this great distance. On ¦' I don't much think you'll beat this one occasion it was successful in the
rescue of 27 fishermen who were carried away on an ice flue. The perilous position of the fishermen was transmitted from one station to the other, thence to the "Ermak," from which vessel a boat put off and so effected the timely rescue of the unfortunate fishermen. The apparatus was in operation for 84 days, and was only suspended on two occasions, owing to severe snow storms, in all, 140 official messages were dispatched between the two stations, with complete success. Curiously enough, the apparatus was found to work better during the prevalence of storms than iu calm weather.

SUGGESTIONS
When i his is accomplished t h» picture though it hit been
When wailing upon the table the j waitress should hand the plates on
appear as piloted upon the pure white .surface Should, by any means,


the left side and remove them on the

of t he piste, the plaster hive slippol under the picture, it cun be readily wiped off The gilt paint
The

right.
At a dinner party the host should be seated with his face to the entrance of the dining room.
Remove fresh tea and coffee stains by holding the tablec'ot'h over a tub —an I pouc- d#, W'% « iter through the stains. Ammonia will remove iodine stains when fresh. Soak the article for an hour in warm water strongly impregnated with the ammonia.
Table napkins are uo longer folded In fancy shapes ; they are usually folded s-quare and laid either between the knife and fork or to the right.
was stationed on another island 33
while it is still fresh.
Is used to make a""TlUTifcr" about the
v
It appears well, either as
plaque.
a stiff band or when it is stippled a
Î


rv
little.
In the making of these plaques much of their success depends upon
By far
remarked, with a chuckle.
the choice of the picture.
I he prettiest one that has so far been of a young girl's bead,
un, gents.”
And he was right, for the name was "Mr. U Ginning."
'
a ecu was crowned with a wreath of firming All else that was parti-
poppies.
cularly noticeable about her was her At dinner the dinner rolls or pieces fi[my grwn draperies, of bread lire generally laid between the folds. If a bread and butter
MORE SENSE THAN USUAL.
At a political meeting in a small township prior to the last General Election, a well-known M.P., was just concluding his remarks, when some-wiho sat behind him whispered;
Tip 'em a little Latin, general. They won’t be content without it.
The general instantly thought of a few phrases he kuew, but having no connection whatever with the subject upon which he was speaking, or any manner of meaning when strung together.
However, nothing daunted, be wound up in a voice of thunder, exclaiming;
Epluribus unum, sine qua non, ne plus ultra, multum in parvo, nil das-perandum!
The effect was tremendous. The shouts could be beard for miles.
To further

beauty, the plaque was
offset its hung upon usage green background.
plate is used the napkin and roll are sometimes placed upon it.
When rice is to be served as a vegetable it should be carefully picked over, thoroughly washed and then thrown into briskly boiling salted water and kept boiling tor 25 minutes, then drained through a colander and set in the oven for a few minutes, until thoroughly dry, when it may be sent to the table in an uncovered dish. It is very nutritious when served with meat or poultry, and much more digestible than the po-
Wionew, the only woman dramatist of China, is in America and one of her plays lias been produced in San Francisco, hhe is under SU years of age and baa already written several plays.
one
t

1
r-

VESSELS CANNOT SINK.
FUEL FROM REFUSE.
Meet large cities yearly throw away Lons of valuable fud, according to the showing recently made in London, which has brought about the granting of a license by the city for tha manufacture of fuel from waste
# t
Carbide 1.(4 lo krrp Tlirm! on i hr Water'» surfnrr.

(atrium
/
M. Henri
A French engineer,
Mariolle, claims to have invented a ays! tern by which the sinking of ships be prevented. Though it remains to be before your dinner party and discuss ^ whether it will he practicable It with your cook. No matter how to apply tbo sarae on „ large scale, the
good a cook may be she has her bmi - . ^	deUi]a U) indeed, ingenious. whu„ one 0Um;0 ia sufficient for a
atiems, and it is never well to es ^ Mariolle proposes to attach to the ,	0f tho same weight,
th »<• limitations on ones gues a. -ee	the vessels a large number of pb^ brush and currycomb aie very
that your cook understands your or-	hagg Kach of	these bags is to have *	uscfuli and	while always	short of	A good carriage, freedom of move-
ders. that she has everything that she	capaoity o( 15000 Rtree, and will be	straw for UjUdmg purposes	the	cattle	ment and a light, elastic step add
needs	to carry	them	out,,	and	then	C0VereJ	by geVerai	goats made of »	ar<)	much better tor careful	cleaning	wonderfully to a woman's	natural
trust	her. But	do	not	try	her	with	fixture	of wool, cotton and India rub-	aud	good gr0oming, and it	pays to	facial or physical beauty,	declares
things she does not understand, anc^ | ber« the latter	preponderating. These	baV4S it doue	as frequently	as	time	Maxine Elliot, anil this is something
do not expect her to turn out an elab-	bags are to ^	place(| ay ground the	will permit.	that proper exercise will enable us
orate dinner without giving her all abips> „ trille above the water line,	——	,	.	,	to acquire. Don’t got round-,shoul- |
that she needs to do it with.	aad can. when empty, be placed in DRY ROl AND POWDER 1 UsT. d^^ or let yourself sag at the waisti
holes in the ship’s sides. A strong Dry rot of timber is caused by the ! wme ^,,Pen have such a habit iron sheet then shuts up the holes con- growth of the threads of a fungus m | of ^ taining	the bags.	From the lower	the affected wood. Ibis	fungus	^ olirve of the back,
part of	the bags a	tube leads down	absorbs the nitrogenous too	mu en-	^ ohoet keep the shoulders drawn
Leefrn h/K^to tell a story. A well-	^ ^ MrfM- of tfae water> sis that are in the wood and also part
T toflfafory is as welcome us a sunbeam	^ ^ bottom by a llttle of the constituents of the wood itself,
l„ a sick room.	: valvt, whieb opens inward; in each hag causing it to shrink and crack and
, Learn to keep your own trout,les to ^ Ug certaln quantity of calcium loee all its strength, it may even be. yourself. The world Is too busy to carbide case of an accident, and come powdery in course of time. There cave for your ills and sorrows.	j when the ship begins to sink, it cannot are several fungi that cause tins et-
Learn to stop croaking. If you can- ^ more lhan to one.third of lts aize, fed, aU belonging to the botanical not see any good in this world, keep fov lhp wat#r riging around the vessel family Polyporeae or bracket fungi, the bad to yourself.	opens, by means of pi ensure, the valves The fungus is difficult to combat,
Learn to attend strictly to your own q( l])o Bbove.desCribed tubes, pene- inasmuch as it does not require very business. Very important point. |tratea tbe bagSt wets the calcium car- much moisture for its growth. If the Learn to hide your aches and pains b-dp anda qui<!k development of wood, is in a building, the injury can under a pleasant smile. No one cares acetyleQe gaa ,ake* p|aCe, whereby tbe be largely prevented by taking care whether you have earache, headache, bags are inflat#d, thus removing the that only well dried wood ia used. If @r rheumatism.	sheet iron cover. This process is per- the wood comes in contact with damp
’ - Learn to greet your friends with form(,d within a few seconda. As all masonry, or with the ground, it can a smile. They .carry too many bags work Bjmultane0Ualy. tbe vessel la be made to last sdmewhat longer if j frowns in their own hands to be both- considerably lightened and kept above the part that is exposed to moisture Is ¦ ' «red with yours.	water.	painted with creosote or with hot tar.
L	----- Mariolle has calculated that a big IT the decay ia in the pasta it can be
TENDENCIES OF FURNISHING. ocean steamer can in this manner be prevented, largely by giving attention The tendency In house furnishing saved from sinking if It la provided to the time of cutting, using poets i hut . |oward more artistic and harmon- with 150 of those bage, each contain- that are cut in the latter part of sum-Thia laevldeiced In the ing 50 kilograms of calcium carbide, m-r before the leaves have fallen, number of house furnish- which would fill them in case of an as- rather than after the substance# have who supply plans and cident with 2^50,000 litres of acetylene been withdrawn from the leaves and
the latter have fallen. Charring tbe

USE FOR SPARROWS.

It is reported that the milliners, or those who furnish them with supplies have discovered that by piercing, dyeing and other tricks ot tbe trade they take the skins and plumage of
teto.
Make out your menu a day or two
can
¦
It
material.
It is found that street refuse, sew-and mud from rivers can toe
can
the common sparrow and imitate almost any of the birds wings and other feathered ornaments with which
s g e
chemically treated so as to become This product when

AN ACTRESS' HINTS.
combustible.
1 compressed resembles blocks of dull ebony and burns readily, leaving only about twenty-five per cent of firm Street sweeping: mixed with a


the gentler sex have been accustomed to adorn their hats, excepting the ostrich feather, and as there is no restraint upon killing the sparrow they propose to keep up the supply in that way. This is one case where we think the imitation should be preferred to tbe genuine, and if this trup we ah ill hope to see pv-ery hat covered with the counterfeit resemble lice of nearly all birds that fly, and some that do not resemble sny thing that ever wore feathers.
«
ash.
a ma !'• percentage of cheap chemicals, pressed into blocks and sterilized by being subj- otod to a great heat, make moot excellent fuel.
So with sewage; it can be manufactured into fuel very much like the best coal, and can be ma le for about
I

THINGS TO LEARN.
Ins rn to laugh. A good laugh is belter than medicine.
Stand erect, to maintain Throw out I
proves
.1

fi a ton.
back, and don't walk flat-footed. Correct dressing plays no small part If there is any art in
WHY M P.’S LOSE THEIR SEATS.
in beauty, being beautiful, it is in the matter of dressing properly, make slenderness and grace. Harm-
Mi LK CURE.
It was election-day in a little Scottish country village, and all the natives bad a holiday, and were enjoying
It is stated that a physician in the Transvaal, knowing that milk absorbs
Long line»

themselves at booths and merry-go-rounds in the public park.
poisonous germs that are exposed to it, conceived the idea of applying milk Jock Sanderson, the farmer s handy externally to people afflicted with fev-man, bad made, many unsuccessful at- er and gkjn diseases. The patient is tempts to climb the greasy pole and i trapped in a sheet that has been sat. annex the substantial leg of mutton grated with milk, and then a hot which hung thereon. At length, his blanket is put around the person,and patience exhausted and his money all kept an hour. Then the clothing spent, he wended his way b me wards .g rejn(>ved, and the patient is s pong-in a somewhat muddled He chanced on the road to meet his
of color shows off the figure to "Loud" colors
ony
the best advantage.
¦ I V '
l
«
The beautiful vo-
tre never pretty.
always looks best in gowns that Suit your hats
man
are not conspicuous, to the shape of your face, and match the colors to your complexion and the color of yoiir hair.,
/

condition.
ed with warm water in a room as hot as cap be borne. A case of smallpox thus treated had most of the poison taken out of tbe skin, and the pa-

A
I can't give you any money, stout, able-bodied fellow like you ought to be earning a living.
I haven't any work, sir. That’s your
You

employer, who inquired;
What is the state of the poll, Jock| Judge of the good man’s astonishment when Jock, whose thoughts still harping ou the envied leg
Re-
tient was placed on the need to recovery within 24 hours. Ttiis remedy acts so quickly that its successful operation in the case of fevers will re- »

fault, I'll venture to say.
You don't throw iyour-I wouldn't like
own
lack energy, self into your work, to! Nor would you. sir. wouldn't, eh! Why not I
w
were
of motion, replied in an earnest tone;
Deed, sir, an' I wadua' advise ye tae . comtoend its uses in eases a#w
it attack. Milk.ie l pair the <&- "*

V I b*is designs. 1 loeressln*
Oh, I
I'm a

attempt It, for 1 never _ greasier In a’my life1
flaw
t
log experts ^rUjnstee Iwr those contemplating ' gee.
g i p V digger.


;
l
i
i
\

###PAGE###4###


/


Frontenac, Calvin.
South Grenville, livid East Urey, Sproule.
South Grey, Richardson.
Hand ton. (2 inemtur*) Bruce, Barker East Lambion, Simmon*.
North Lanark, Rosamond.
South Lanai k, Haggard.
South Leeds, Taylor,
Lenmx, Wilson.
Lincoln, Lancaster.
East Middlesex, Gilmour.
North Middlesex, Sherritt.
Musk ok a, McCormick.
Ni pissing, Klock, (iccl.)
North Ontario, McLeod.
Ottawa, Biikett.
North Berth, McLaren.
Prince Edward, Alcorn.
South Siiucoe, Lennox.
East Simone, Bennett.
Toronto Centre, Brock.
East, Kemp.
West (2) Clarke, Osier.
South Victoria, Yroouiati.
North Waterloo, Seagram.
South Waterloo, Clare.
South Wellington, lvleo[fer.
East Y oik, McLean.
West York, Wallace.
Addington, Bell.
Brock ville, Culbert.
East Bruce, Cargill.
North Bruce, McNeill.
Cardwell, Johnson.
East Durham, Ward.
Dalton, Henderson.
Eist Hastings, Northrop.
North Hastings, Carscallen.
West Hastings, Corby Leeds and Grenville, Lavell.
South Noifolk, Tisdale.
East Northumberland, Cochrate.
Peel, Blaine.
We t Peterboro, McKendry Victoria, north, Hughes.
Wellington Centre, McGowan.
South Wentworth, Smith'
f^ev'sei Report of the Dominion
Elections.
THE EQUITY.
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . . •
SHAWVILLE, Nov. 23, 1900.
A
LIBERALS ELECTED

EDITORIAL NOTES
ONTARIO.
South Brant, Heyd.
West Bruce, Tolm ie.
North Essex, Sutherland.
South Essex, Cowan.
Glengarry, Schell.
North Grey, Horsey Hrldimand-Monck, Thompson. East Huron, Macdonald.
West Huron, Holmes.
Kent, Stephens.
Kingston, Britton.
West Lambton, Johnston. London. Hyman.
South Middlesex, McCugan. West Middlesex, Calvert.
North Norfolk, Charlton.
West Northumberland, McCvll. South Ontario, Ross.
Ottawa, Belcourt.
West Ontario, Gould.
South Perth, Erb.
North Oxford, Sutherland.
South Oxford, Cartwright.
East Peterboro, Lang.
Prescott, Pr ulx.
North Renfrew, Mackie.
South Renfrew, Wright.
Russell. Edwards.
South Wellington, Guthrie. North Victoria McKay.
Welland, German.
North Wentworth, McMullen, Wentworth, N. Brant, Patterson North York, Mu lock.
V
>
The Result Shows
The Season for
It is a fact worth noting that whenever you tind the supporters of the Laurier Government accusing the Conservative party of something reprehensible, either in word, or deed, you may also wager your last nickel that they themselves are engaged at precisely the same game result of the election which took place on the 7th inst., shows that this was notor-ioujfy the case in respect of the arousing of/aliénai and religious prejudices. Sir Claries Tapper was accused on every
It form in the country with attempting
T work up a feeling against Sir Wilfrid locause he is a French Canadian, and it îattered not how often or emphatically #the aged leader of the Conservative party Ê refuted the unjust allegation it was all
M the more industriously circulated, deplor-F ed and condemned. But the clique at * VHtawa ! Oh, no ; they were too patriotic to resort to anything so utterly base. ZThe result in this province, nevertheless, /reveals the nature of the agencies that f were at work, and to no other cause can / such a decision be attributable. Politi cal issues were simply swamped by nationalism, and today we have the spectacle of one province arraying itself against the rest of the Dominion cannot fairly blame the people, but we charge strongly against the band of demagogues and national incendiaries who are responsible for a condition of things which brooks mischief and discord between the two great sections of the people of Canada. We give below a couple of extracts from the French-Canadian press to show the base appeals that were made in bahalf cf Liberalism (so-called) to inflame the passions and prejudices of the people against the French Canadian Conservative candidates who were appealing for their support. The first is from , ' Mr. Tartes personal organ. Lx Patrie, and appeared in that paper on Monday before election. It reads as follows : -
44 Patriots, vote on Wednesday against the insultera of our nationality, against the enemies of our province ! "
The second article is from La S ‘lei!, the chief exponent of 4 4 Liberalism in Quebec district, when such vile stud’ as it contains is circulated amongst a highly sensitive people, is it any wonder that Liurier captured fifty-seven out of sixty-four seats in the province cf Quebec ?
44 Electors of Montmorency, are you Mr. Casgrain, only French in name e you going by your votes to make ourselves like him, slaves of the Tory Orangemen, those fomentera of discord, who only seek party triumphs by racial and religious wars ? Are you going to thank them for their insu ts by voting for the man who is their slave a id tool ! Mr. Casgrain is a professor at Laval University, and, if he had in this position a heart and sense of gratitude worth five cents, he would have Lis children educated at that institution, which is the national university nf the French Canadians. Now he has such contempt fur his compatriots that he sends his son to McGill University, a very respectable institution, but English and Protestant.
STOVES
HEAD-QUARTERS FOR
The
Harness,
Collars,
Bells,
Whips,
Robes,
Coats,
Rugs,
Blankets,
Is now In !
I»

Cutters,
Sleighs,
Sloops,
DALE BROS.
I
SHAWVILLE,
Are prepared to supply the public with Stoves of all kinds at lowest possible prices.
Washers, Wringers, Churns,
Sewing Machines,
Axes, &c.
Shovels,
PONTIAC
WOOLLEN
We
SMART & SMITH.
QV1BBB
Beauharnois, Loye.
Bigot, MarciK
Beau ce, (iodbout.
Argenteuil, Christie.
Bert hier, Archambault.
Bellochase, Talbot,
Bouaveutura, Marcil.
Brome, Fisher.
Chambly, Yerchervs, Get ffrion. Champlain, Uiusseau.
Charlevo x, Augers.
Chateauguay, Brown.
Drummond, Livergne. liochelaga, Madore,
Huntington, McLaren.
Kamouraskt, Carroll.
Jolietto, Bazinet.
Libelle, Bourasaa.
Laval, Fortin.
Ltprairie, Monet.
L’Assomption, C. Laurier.
Levis, Demers.
L'lalot, Dechece,
Lotbiniere, Fortier.
Matkinonge, L^gris Muissuueuve, Prefost&ine, Megantic, Turcot.
Missiquoi, Meigs.
Montcalm, Dugs.
Motitmagny, Martineau.
Montreal, St. An nee, Gallery.
St. James Desmarais.
St. Lawrence, Bickerdike St. Mary’s, Tarte.
MILLS.
gl’EBKC.
Compton, Pope.
Montmorency, Casgrain. Dorchester, Mûrir.
Jacques Cartier, Monk.
Montreal (St. Antoine) Uodkick Nicolet, Hell.
Sherbrooke, McIntosh.
o
This well-known and reliable establishment will be found this season fully prepared as usual to meet the requirements of the farmers of the county.
i
)
)
Winter
Evening
Games
/
'
NEW BRV.V'WIt X

Cirleton, Hale.
Charlotte, tîanong.
Kings, Fouler. Northumberland, 11 jbinson Sunbury, Wilmot.
Our stock of Cloth
Including all the finest inakea In
y
SERGES,
TWEEDS,
WORSTEDS,
&Ce &C»f
:
N VA SCOTIA.
Colchester. Gvuil ‘y.
Halifax, B->rUen. Luuonburg, Caulbsch. Victuu, Sir C. H. Tapper Pictou, A. C. Bell.
P. R. ISLAND
Prince, eaid, Lefurgÿ. West Prince, llackett.
v
We have just received a large assortment of games suitable for both young and old.
PAICHUSI,
AUTHORS,
NATIONS,
CROKINOLE,
NEW CENTURY CAME, GAME OF PRETORIA, &c.
!'
will !>c found choioe and complete In every respect, and at money-saving prices.
A CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
it
A. HODCINS,
PRORO PRIETO R
i i
M AM TOP. A
11

K
Pontiac, Murray.
Port neuf, Delisle.
Quebec Contre, Malouin. East Quebec, Laurier.
Wes* Quebec, Dobell. Quebec County, Fitzpatrick. Richmond and Wolfe, Tobin Kiniouski, R >ss.
Richelieu, Bruneau. Rouville, Brodeur. Hyacinthe, Bernier,
St. John, Iberville.
Shcffurd, Parmalee. Soulangvs, Bourbonnais. Stanstuad, Lovell. Temiscouata, Gouvreau. Terrebonne, Prefontaine. Three Rivers, Bureau.
T*o Mountains, Ethier. Vaudreuil, Harwood. Wright, Champagne. Vaniaska, Mignault.
Macdonald, B yd. Marquette, Roche. Provenchor, Lari vivre
> a
FALL
N XV. TERRITORIES
East Assinib* la, Lake.
GOODS I
BRITISH COLUMBIA
Victoria, Parle and Prior.
You can shorten the long winter evenings by securing some of the popular games at
INDEPENDENTS
SHAWVILLE.
THE DRUG STORE - -
ONTARI ).
West E'gin, Robinson. Smith Huron, McEwan. North Snucoe, McCarthy
Our customers will find us well stocked up with iv good
. . line of . .
The action of the Quebec Government
in dissolving the Legislature about two
years in advance of the regular time thrusts another political contest upon the people of this province ere the smoke of -.he last conflict has had time to disappear. In Pontiac the forces of the respective parties have begun to square themselves for battle, and as we go to press the Liberals are assembling in convention to de eide upon whom the honor of bearing their flag «hall be conferred. In this connection the public eye naturally turns to Mr. Gillies, tho late member, as the moat likely individual ; but it is an open secret that at least some of the machine politicians in that party have a strong de-to throw Mr. G. overboard and trot out a new man. Coupled with this idea is the name cf our own G. F. Hodgins, the president of the Liberal Association, who we understand has decided to allow his name to go before the convention, the result of which is awaited with eager expectancy.
The Conservative party will also hold a convention here this week to decide on what course they shall pursue in the matter, and it seems likely, judging from the feeling that exists in their ranks, that the other fellows are not to have all the fun to themselves. Next week we expect to be in a position to define the situation more clearly.
The new British Cabinet.
London, Nov. 1.—Queen Victoria has approved the appointment of Lord Salisbury as Premier and Lord Privy Seal ; the Marquis of Lansdowne as Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs ; Mr. William St. John Brodrick, as Secretary of State for War ; the E*rl of Selborne, as First Lord of the Admiralty, and Mr. C. T. Ritchie, as Secretary of State for Home Affairs.
The new appointments do not excite enthusiasm, but, with the exception of that of Lord Lansdowne, they are generally approved. Mr. Ritchie is regarded excellent choice. Several other changes have been mooted in minor offices, but, on the whole, though Lord Salisbury did not intend any radical innovations.
The appointment of Lord Selborne, his son-in-law, to the Admiralty challenges the most criticism. The Earl has a good reputation, but it is felt that a snore distinguished man should have been appointed to inch an important post.
We are Agents for
The Winchester
QUEBEC.
Chicoutimi, Girard;
SEASONABLE GOODS
of all kinds fur
MANITOBA
L'sgar, Richardson. Winnipeg, Mail , Futtee.
BRITISH COLUMBIA
Vancouver, V». C., Smith.
NEW HKUNSWIVK
l
jhiiH@e Fall & Winter Trade
and a comparison of prices will show that wo are in it with the best of them for good values and satisfactory dealing.
CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
A
Albert, Lewis.
Gloucester, Turgeau.
Kent, Leblanc. Restigouche, Reid.
St. John C miity. Tucker. Victoria, Costigan.
York, Gibson.
St. John’s City, Blair. Westmoreland, Emmerson.
;

Winchester loaded Shot Shells, 16,12 and 10 Gauge, slightly discolored, at $1.50 per hundred.
IV|cDOUGALL and GUINEAS Hardware Stores,
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.

N. W. TEKUITORIKS.
i.f
Alberta, Oliver.
NOVA SCOTIA
It
WAR NEWS.
Annapolis, Wade. Cumberland, Logan. Guysborough, Fraser. Richmond, Matheeon. Shelbuotne, Fielding. Antigonish, Mclaaac. Cape Breton, Kendal. Cape Breton, Johnston Digby, Copp.
Halifax, Roche.
Hants, Russell. Inverness, McLennan. Kings, Borden. Victoria, Ross. Yarmouth, Flint.
Bire
SlL/yS YOUNG,
STARKE’S CORNERS.
TO DEPOPULATE TRANSVAAL.
Durban, Nov. 17.—The Natal Mercury, reports that Lord Kitchener has decided to depopulate the towns in the Transvaal owing to the difficulty of dealing with the republics when hampered by the civilian population.



Agents, Why Don’t You Send for a Free Prospectus

FRESH and CURED
S
BOTHA IS ACTIVE.
Pretoria, Nov. 18.—The Boers are ac It is alleged that Commandant Louis Botha has established a government at Roesendal, north of Middieberg, nd that with the £150,000 which he has available he is paying the fighting burghers a crown per day.
MEATS
tive
of Canada’s Sons on Kop.îk and Vei.dt ? It is the latest book out. An agent just reports 51 sales in 8 days, another 2f> in 4 days. Big Book, sumptuously illus tinted, and is so cheap it sells oil sight.
Send for a FREE PROSPECTUS before you sleep, and make money easy and quick.
p. E. ISLAND.
of all kinds at
THE SHAWVILLE
IVjeat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
a
Kings, Hughes.
Queen's, E., McKinnon Queens West, Davies.

CHINA
MANITOBA

DELAY, AS PREDICTED.
Pekin, Nov. 17.—The preliminary note has not yet been presented. Its terms not completed, and there will probably lie a further delay.
BRITAIN SUCCESSFUL.
Shanghai, Nov. 17.—As the outcome of the protest of Great Britain against the transfer of Yu Chang to the governorship of Wu Chang, this official will lie replaced by a governor who is pro-foreign in his sympathies.
TO FIGHT TIIE ALLIES.
Shanghai, Nov. 19- — It is reported that Gen. Ma, with 10,000 men, Gen. Fang, with 8,000 men, and Gen. Ï u, with 5,000 men, are marching toward the borders of the province of Chi Li to check the advance of the allies westward.
Brandon, Sifton. Selkirk, McCreary
The Bradley-Qarretsoa Co., Limited,
BRANTFORD, ONT.
are
N. W. TERRITORIES.
West Assiniboia. Scott. Saskatchewan, Davis.
*
Proorletor.
.303 Calibre.
BRITISH COLUMBIA.
New Westminster, Morrison.

t
as an
CONSERVATIVES ELECTED.
Savage Magazine Rifle.
ONTARIO.
Bothwell, Gordon.
Carleton, Kidd.
Cornwall, Pringle.
Dundat, Broder.
West Durham, Thornton. West E'gin, Robinson (Iod.)
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM

Finest and safest rifle ever made for large or small game.
Write for complete IPOS Catalogue.
The Only Hammerles Smokeless 6-Shooter.
One rifle takes six different cartridges. Point Blank Range for Hunting.
00., UTICA, N. Y., V. 9. AMERICA.
ft



6

###PAGE###5###
T


t
•*

B
/
>

;

THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No 270.

I.O.F
Tf|E FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
IM»
Journal devoted to local Interests.

%
1 Mt-et* the 4th Wed new* I du y of every month.
/Court duet* must be paid i/ promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially luvited.
Keep on the Move I
PUBLISHED EVERY THURflDAY
AT SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION—$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE,
$tT No paper stopped tiutll all arrearages • paid, unless by special arrangement with j , a. Cowan, R fl

County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
L.B.C
A. SMILEY, Prop.
H 8. îlAHNKTT, F.B
J. W. Eadm, C. R*
:o:
Progress is movement in the right direction. The secret of being successful is to keep continually moving toward the desired object.
ADVERTISING HATES :
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
advert hi ng. eight cent* per line for flr*t I warn Ion and four cent* per line for •• ('h subsequent Insertion.
, Business carde not exceeding one Inch Inserted at 11.00 per year.
! Ix>cnl announcements Inserted at the rate fof live cent* per line for find Insertion and ‘three cent* lor subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer period* Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
8* Nepean St., Ottawa. Ont.,
Lumber of All Kinds Bought and Soli
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commission Business a Specialty.
FOR
i
• ¦ • OUBOBJECTIS the HEIGHT OF - PERFECTION
SLEIGHS,
CUTTERS,
ROBES,
BLANKETS,
HARNESS,
WHIPS, BELLS, &c:,
¦ SIS
always aiming to buy in the best markets and sell at the lowest possible margins.
IlEKKRKNf Kt BY PERMIflMIOy :
Denis Murphy, Pn-s. Ottvwa Transporta*.loa Co. F. W Avery., Hull Lumber Cu.
J. T. Mhirrifl, K B. Eddy Co.
Lateliford & McDougall, Barrister*.
John fleney A Hons.
Il N. Bate A Hou,
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neitly and cheaply executed. Order* by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JûljN SNIIT1J, Proprietor.
s
Business Cards.
How about Waterproof Coats, Ladies and Gents ?
4
MEDICAL.

F.M.A.McNaughtoq,B.^.,M.D.,C.M.
The spot for—
A Fashionable HairCut, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
Graduate of McGill University,’
Office—Residence of the late Dr. II. H Knox, Shaw ville.
Office hours Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
Seasonable Goods :
CALL AT
i'T Your Turn next.
Horse Blankets, Oil Tan Moccasins, Men’s and Boys’ Overcoats and Pea Jackets, Men’s all-wool heavy Top Shirts, Men’s and Boy’s
Underwear (a most complete range. Ask to see our ;')0c. line—it is a hot one.) All-wool grey and white Blankets, Trunks and Valises, (our stock is unsurpassed in assortment and prices. Boots, Shoes and
Rubbers. We handle everything in Ladies’
Men’s and Children’s Footwear.
SMILEY’S.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.
)
t
* t
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
F. T. M. C.
of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow I,y examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Orncx amd RMID*MCE Î J. II Armstrongs IIovse, MAIN STREET - - 8IIAWVILLE.
l
and
}i
JEWELLER
§m
C
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK Of
watches,
CLOCKS. JEWELLERY. SILVERWARE A). Ac.
LEGAL.
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L
VMt
>

•I

m*
'? •
n f
'Î'

—
u
<8»
-4 %
W
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
WILL VISIT SHAWVILLE EVERY MONDAY.

o

wr
THE IMPROVED
Alpha
G. F. H O D GIN S. Iummiffi


Rkpauunm—
A SPE IAIITY.
V T<*

I

r

WM. GAMBLE,
SHAWVILLE, 0
BARRISTER, Ac.,	------------------------------------
Room 23, Trust Building. No. 49 Sparks District and COUIllPV.
St., Ottawa, Out.	1	^
At Shaw ville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
rtflicc-over G. F. Horigins' Store, Main St.
v
7/i
l

:
Recently a Renfrew sportsman was shot by another hunter in the woods, who took him fur a deer. This week an A«i irond -ck guide was similarly killed by Dr. Palmer, of Utie ». The crop of fool* wh saw something moving is nail g neck and neck with that other crop of the same kind who did not know it was loaded — Ottawa Journal.

i
BABY No. 1



CEO. C. WRIGHT,

P. S. Furs and Goat Robes.
will save you $10 per cow
per year-
The prices are net at list to one and all- alike—no
discount.
1$
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C ,
V.
I m
OF THE PKOVINi K OF QUEBEC,
Tru^t Building—
-tL JP
<=$ -
49 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1173.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac
District#.
C 'l. McMillan, of Ottawa, basa scheme for helping to open up the Nipieaing district by giving land tu the veterans of ’6C, of whom there aro about 10,000. The Colonel's idea is that each veteran should receive 100 acre* un couùiuou ut becoming responsible for its clearance and set-l enient. He claims to have the support of the Ottawa authorities ar.d wants the Ontario Government to get into line.


flea

ered for the night.
The draft was in charge of Sergt. Mel-lish. The men will leave fur their respective homes today.
The steamer Carthagenian from Glasgow and Liverpool, via St. John's, Nfld., having on board seven invalided Cana
The lumber cut in the Ottawa district I dians, arrived this evening and anchored
it Quarantine. Owing to the bubonic

THE MARKETS.
W. W. IRELAND,

Write for*particular* to


1 «

\
W. S. CLARKE,
AGENT FOR PONTIAC,
MOREHEAD, - - QUE.
Clerk of the District Magistrate# Court.
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds.
Mortgages, etc., executed legally uud rails-faclorlly.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 70 to 75c. Oat# per bushel, 20 to 23c. Pezi.se per bushel, 00 to 55c. Eggs, per dozen, 14c.
Butter, per pound, 17 tolrtc. Wool, per pound, 16 to 18c. Pelts, each, 50 to 55c.
ï
%

.>
1
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
/
f'-r this leas-iu is practically finished.
F.v« hundred million feet have been cut I plague regulations the steamer is obliged this year f r mill owners ii| the Ottawa | tc remain there until tomorrow morning valley, a little over one hundred million • f which will be by Mr. J. R. Booth.
The annual cut has decreased considerably during the past few years. S une years «go the cut annually amounted to ] SôVôr&l Business Places Destroy-
000 000,000 f c , but a yearly decrease is the present order of things. The decrease is caused on account « f a number
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
1 u


notary for the
NOTARY PURLl '.
RELIANCE LOAN AND SAVINGS CO.,OF ONTARIO.
'C K

m

« •
•4*

1 ^

BAD FIRE AT RENFREW.
money to loan on easy terms.
BRYSON,
Will he in Shaw ville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.

OTTAWA
QUE.
Butter, print, 20c. per lb.
pails, 20 to 23c. per lb. Eggs, fresh, 22c. per doz. Potatoes, 40 to 45c. per bag. Apples, 15 to 75c. per bag. Lamb, 7 to 9c. per lb.
Mutton, 6 to8c. per lb.
Beef, 3& to 3.}c. per lb.
Pork. $0.50 to 80.75 per 100. Chickens, 45 to 75c. a pair. Oats, 2S to 30c. per bushel.
Hay. $9.1X1 to 010.00 per ton. Wool, 14 to 17c. per lb.

m\ T HE

ed this Morning.

PATENTS
*4
«'


WILLIAM ELLIOTT
A l LiFF OF THE rtUPERIOK COURT
__ Snawvllle . Que.. respectfully solicits
eu<a<eiuent*tor any business i uecnnectiou wll> >11 Uourtwln gie Cutmty, JvllecLlons m uieand p-oiuplreturnhiseured
m m	,	,	Renfrew. Out., Nov. 13.—There was a
of firms m the O tawa valley closing had (ire Rt Renfrew early this morning, down, while t hi* year a number are tern-
PORTAGE DU FORT

B
¦
„	,	,	. .	.	- Eady's boot et ore, Kearney a jewelleiy
poranly closed as a result of the April | storef Dp Connolly's residence and Sims’
photo g. llery were partially destroyed. All buildings at the rear were burned. Dr. Connolly's horse was burned. The tire is supposed tu have started in the The hunting season is at hand an ! the | doctor’s stable, first gunning accident has occured. Mr.
John Craig, a conductor on the K. & P. lway, while out hunting on Monday
at Egan Estate, was shot, perhaps fatally	^ A	.
by a man who mistook him for a deer, During October the Government
the ball lodging in his back and coming | Paid out oyer one and a half out through his lung. The in jfjred man was brought down on the afternoon train and now lies in the hospital at Renfrew.
Roller Mill

» • N
PROMPTLY SECURED

tire.
Write for our interesting books " Inventor's help” and '' How you are swindled/* Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion ns to whether it is probably patentable. Rejected applications have often, bee a successfully prosecuted *y us. We, conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal, and Washington ; this qualifies us to prompt-, ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents, as broad as the invention. Highest references, furnished.
Patents procured through Marion & Ma-, rion receive special notice without charge in ( over ioo newspapers distributed throughout, the Dominion.	]
Specialty :
turers and Engineers.
MARION & MARION
. Patent Experts and Solicitors.
f New York Life B'ld’g, nontreal (Offices. } Atlantic Bld g .Washington D.C.
J. J. TURNER,
Mistaken for a Deer.
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
Pontiac. H Ales conducted In a business like and satisfactory manner. Uootls or articles of any kind taken aiul disposed of by public or private sale on reasonable terms. Public sales conducted at .Shuwvllle once a mouth. A variety of articles ahvajs on hand for sale; Office: Bhnwvllle, Que.

% „ -
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
THE “ SINEWS OF WAR.
ra.

Bristol Wharf
i
HOTELS.
Millions in subsidies
St. Lawrence Hall,
First Quality Flour.
—Patent business of Manufac-
t	Ottawa, Nov. 12 —One of the sources
His condition at latest reports was aer- (Jf the sinews of war which helped to give ious.—Eganville Enterprise.	| fhe Government its victory on the 7th of
November, is disclosed in the Canadian Gazette of Saturday. The returns of ex« penditure on “ Capital account,” show that during the month of October the enormous sum of $1,680,742 went out of the Dominion Treasury to pay railway sub., Chicago, Nov. lb. The Record today I The returns for the previous fiscal year j ®ay* that the Indiana counties of Lake, ajlüW that for the entire five months be-Porter, Starke and La Porte withm the tween JuIj x and October 31, 1890, only,
next year or so will become the perm an- , $245,402 wss paid out in railway subsid-1 Ipoyn Sand Point ent trekking grounds of many Transvaal- j0S whi|e during the month of August last | era and Free Stators seems probable. The , yearthe railway payments amounted to 1 owners of land in the Yankakee \ alley ^04,000. reported to have combined for the purpose of sending agents to South Africa and Holland to encourage settlement of their lands. Some of the railroad», it is said, are showing a marked interest in the scheme to colonize the Yankakee Val*
Là
FERRY
H
%
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress.
o
4£T Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
CHANCE OF TIME.
INDIANA FOR BOERS
The undersigned having had two years' experience in ferrying passengers bet ween Bristol Wharf and Sand Point will continue to do so this season as follows :
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attachf.d.
American Scheme to get Burghers
as Immigrants.
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE

JOSEPH BROWN,

Leave Bristol V%rf
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8.00 a.m., and 4.00, p.m.
?
Proprietor.

n

ESTABLISHED 1886

FOR SALE:
The Shawville
A quantity of—
Trade Marks Designs
9 rrv“ Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending b sketch and description may Quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an Invention Is probably patentable. Communications strictly oonfldenttel. Handbook on Patents sent free. Oldest agency for securing patents.
Patents taken through Munn à Co. receive tpetial notice, without charge. In the
Scientific American.
SASH and DOOR
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m.
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
i
I
Meeting all Trains.
ar.*
ALL KINDS OF
GEORGE BALLANTINE,

WANTED !
Mr. Griffin Dead
Ferryman.
Interior & Exterior
EX - HE PVT Y POSTMASTER GENERAL PAMES AWAY AT A RIPE OLD AtiE.
FINISH POR
Houses & Verandahs
I
the country won for him the title of O. M. G. It was he who negotiated in 1875 A cable from Claygate, Surrey, Eng- t|ie postal convention with the United land, received in Ottawa yesterday, an- states. In Ottawa where he resided for nounced the death at that place of Wil- an many years he had many intima’e iiara Henry Griffin, C. M.G. formerly, friends and especially by the older off-deputy postmaster-general of the Domin- cialsof the post iftice department, he wi 1 The deceased was 88 years of age	remembered	as a	kind hearted	old
Halifax, N. S ,	November	1C -Seven-1 and during almost his whole life time,	gentleman, who	won	the respect of	the
teen returning Canadian soldiers arrived	was connected with the	Imperial or Can-	whole civil service and which on	his re
here to-night from Sydney, they having	adian postal service.	Be was born m	tirement in	1888, presented him	with a
, missed the steamer Carthagenian at St. I England on August 7th	181*2, and enter-	magnificent	testimony of esteem.	Since
O John’s Nfld. The men were royally en	ed the Imperial postal	service in 1831.	then he has	resided most of the time in
*	^	1 tertained at the	latter place by ft.	O.	In 1835 he became surveyor of postoffices	the Gid country.
Iteid and given free passage	by him	on	in the Dominion and subsequently was	g0 leaves one	son residing in Ottawa,
the steamer Bruce to Sydney. They also promoted to the secretaryship of the de- Mr. H. W. Griffiin of the post office de-
^Sec^treas. lington Barracks, where they were quart-1 guished services in the postal affairs of I street and instantly killed
ley.
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Lnrgest rtr-eulatlon of any »; lenUfle Journal. Terms. S3 a year : four months. SL Sold by all newsdealers.
MUNN & Co.3611w. New York
Branch office 633 F PL. Washington. D. C.

I a
An Active Canvasser
In Pontiac County, to work
amongst farmers, to represent the LARGEST NURSERY IN CANADA,
STONE & WELLINGTON, of TORONTO.
Permanent position to good, steady man; pay weekly, free outfit and good terms. Splendid local references will be supplied as to our stock and reliability, to assist in canvassing.
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. Ac.
Kept In stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULAR PRICES.
MANUFACTURED.
INVALIDED CANADIANS.

Those who Crossed on the (Jar-thagien now in Halifax

• •

GOODS WELL BOUGHTj
ARE HALF SOLD i
i

McCREDIE& HODGINS.

To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Qrocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Oeeda Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
—	Remplit» Free
MacLEAN PUB, CO., Limited
Estimates furnished.
1
SCHOOL NOTICE.

Apply to
C. K. GRIGG,
RENFREW, Ont.
Shawville, Oct. *1. I960.



L
j

V. . 1
Ya i
a
###PAGE###6###
'
1
» t

r\
-L.

^iNREQUlTEL) LOVE. 11 '

*h«lB
« ! |;
.
ra«H II i
,, *°"owed aQ,l accosted her.	ood- a man of advanced
May I as&, madam, if ,ou b.ve'Str0ng empathies been long ^	Te
U
i
A DfiUM-HEAD SERVICE
1
l'snadlaii
[	"* IMrur ter»!«<•,
Writing from JHfy.i. South Afri hieut. Morrison, of Ottuw», u ov i,
serv,,,ff 'v *1 b second Cnnadbi) < <»ntmgont, gives an interesting
piviuiv of Robofts and Kitchener 1er describing me fight at
uli
•he
*Aiahmar, foot ms
a V >v
•ar
teu<tanoe
uicnt.
IM/aat;
he says
•1
nd
«•very <»*i«
or out of it, is trfc-el-
nun
appeared

J«*. **-
AaoxiXioe,
looking at him
•'Ytts, she

l

«wered Lashjuar,
O' that her deairaa run couuum. jjut
•uuh c^atindict
gravely
eau uenii

<*e
life
a* tua<ie up ol
I n lei
lone.'1
üe
Do
No, ihe i*iettsaiita v\
<îay so Ur am
i

1
i
1
s
Will have a holi- spoke
“ «¦ .«
Again 1 One had m share
there."
I
f think he
'i bit
would
J
¦
t
g"Od look
1 wish
Worla.
" you
It would .
* most
i i had the Danebrouk Iron l9r instance.
«I
ae they * the middle of ihe hollow
d
il
need not wish for that. on^ bring you trouble. 1
-	worrying letter from the
-	1 “truing, harping
"* °£ *h# ulen' urging jlut ,ht whulo of th.it epienuul -j U,.V father took 10 bring to perfection." I 111 bfo is stationary, Lady ' w, rad we live just »
Perroj of abrupt transitions. u ma nager ia
be wide to
Bobs is
certainly a Wu«#er*
It #
but he »to#4
service, though any meu dropped m the
fl
.	toa° tor his years
on the 1st uiid lid of | ^ry close and hot,
upon these days the | during ih« buy them
had
h
his
manager this
lht* ill-fee
U P
y
hole
upon
“Yes
I he block
sir
w is rebuilt ‘ire. Cut me
O
They , number of i he
me io auer the
sam« after the
1
1
and mv husband
organisation, which flUch trouble
Nothing
Carmine

ground fl„vr. \\
bl
ul* m the clouds " Vou saved
uuw 1,1 •* | Lashmar
yum
“ ,fusibl° m»n. it rn.gut Um.l l-lüe ilia advice."
m
/
Jy
No, sir. It carried
ai
at
til «'1
1 t&k*
joat 1 shall
14
never do. i will democracy. The Dane
mual aland or fall as Job and maimed them."	j
Udjr Crmiauw little auspvoied ho*
near they wai live.
uev
*r (ruckle to brook Works ¦hhiuebrc^
¦crupulous
X*
looked
houai* a nd
And then I lit Ue girl f’
he
i ho 1st 1er alterna
re
i ue Utro
i« ».e drvve off with iu fair w
V &
lin
occupant,
1 terrien with the
then he <
vag.
dr i
aud ralujij
f
/
ientra int
Tu
h il

in
*, ‘he orerskuf g»v«^ a luwt nng app and, umieiiiea.ii lus du eyes look dull and they undeceive uf> «euüina fia hr
wood's [y
think
mg away
fa I
a rant <
medium, and UviCaanay eu ng that
aa ho had cursed it U,>lore .deeming the whole teiu diaboiicai know
far
P blows ih« apathetic
ilia
mal house
utiUJ
the day
the
you with
tile
à moment
¦ Si
.	Th Utfli *
he is rather heavily bu ill
vv,th a Ueiiberaieu
sluggish weio
fUV-., v
and ecvtii
81 that would he
u not for the a tremendous
tab.
wit]
1 he robes
The
• mpros-
phy citai tf uiou .cd in-
ti
I siuu
infl
avva
activity
Tl
ne-r
titre-
out
ot lie
tern
welfare of very
hevr^uli
J
Stell
< liicf
The
Uüv
had
uo attraction fur
He had
any explorer.
spSi
Lashmar stood of the narrt barrack
' 1
a
no
seen
Cash

And not ke
sum p-hct;,
P my uiaoi uiabJe face of

lie

«1er
oeilit in m
own.
^ UhJRIS Ra VL Til K Y
There are multitudes cents somewhere, but cate them.
\\
gone 701
of old

claim
like I wegiu
ON VISITING
coppei no cue can io-
To asik friends to
'come some time
Ste
This speech
secret
the <1 Wtiti j
kitcM
(*ent;—\V hat
«# t he
reason
you
j z," EIEE5P- - :
Fr	-r"'"

i*n
i
thabl
uieiiSila with gold and graphite.
Washer
; i
amidst that
*u m let

"a
fling humanity. The here at t*a„
f
The Human Body
a Bundle of Swerve
Without that vital for, mngs, a omich, liver, kidne functions
thin i âW M jW y
Sr
let in
accum-
¦ailed
if
s
“Of
V= yat. 5»
weak, starved i xuIt in such
hr way*
- -w*ti
heart
SHF
and h^nre it is that
t Polly,
* n’t I ]
girl, t " May ed Lai
doorwi
i a
nd
•*
saeiiser
Bat.. 4 CW, Ter#»£	» Mata aliu
'nrap.,v-
W«njr-
©rjy woman her arm

I
'va
en
opinions and | Gome, dearest, poor and
Oh
with the
t
place !*
Lab
just ai
•ctiooi
re-marl
whole their @
oppressed, who perished
or to &ave his a nd who
a resident here?"
^ es, sir, j have twenty year*
bouse* were built.”
‘•Then you remember the tire he *indeed
lived here
m
over aince th<
f
.*most ever


ref
J cure
ho system as ' Qown t#
-J
®ir; and I have to remKtcher it, for Jlttle bit* ot IWniture things .. N b.d ,rom m, w raoth
good m7 poor were all burnt
This
She
fore lo the Uli
Lady 1
her ho
man’s
things, the mil
pa hi
engraved on the atone.
t a

j
;
CHAPTElt xxnr.
«tood looking at the

Victorian hud





1
i
t

!
###PAGE###7###
I


U
UNREQUITED LOVE.
strong butter, eheeee n ml onions. She reappeared In two or three minutes carrying her bag of book*.

ROI) OF EXTERMINATION.	Zt
lex
LENGTHY SENTENCES.
every stage of oullure, it would fbn ho woul I need be a most profound philosopher who could distinguish between that which i.s abso-
mu ni or of (mûris Is »uiu«-|luira Kalla*#
Ira lr.
seem
"Lflt John lake that, my dear," nnd | A CONVICT ON A BURNING Oil
Rather hanging qutisnoN.
/
the powdered youth, who had been
ring on f tm threshold, sprang forward to relieve Stella of her bur- I rh* ,*,,M »»¦"»*¦ *• Ag vermeil la (lie “Nlh-
,||irl	I "d** n« long lit nij * I» m BpUoni
th Afrit.i, tv au i# Cn nadhii
(in# $ A
in w *f.
B Uas^
in the early year* of the century J<vk* KzoiiUio Guard iota
*»»* <£
Dm
was
luioly delelerioue tosorial growth and convicted in the court* of Madrid on what U only relatively ho
"If her 1e«ly.«tiip really wishes tf> go beck, perhaps she will be kind enough to write me a line and to «end * ionv#jr«si6(k for roc to-morrow."
" She shall do
" ^h, my lord, you do u* too much honor,'* an id the grocer, " But I ho;% your lordship will always remember it was Jonathan Bold wood’s
rf - *-•	cix-zrr »• -,b- -•
me
fifty sejwmte chargee cxf fraud, and was sentenced to twenty yeaxs prison ment for

She kissed Mrs. Cht pmao and her, Fn „	,
rnrnmmm.......................................................................
held a pair of high steppers p.wder- #J lUdl cluM**a* thus solve his halberd or the archer with him middle age the pruwpect of 1,000 y eari f, ,mr,n .-j ,, .ch-.ijdy and efficaciously the vaa- cloth-yard«ehaft, The modern foot- durance might well have appalled Um #	g * tfcaiA erlminal problem
...	.	.	- ..	.	The time-worn theory that crime ho i
Another minute and the horsea were I ,	. .	, .	.	.
,..._.	.	_	,	. Uin» and should be suppressed in this man can Ut hoth with tsuccMA. The man ogam. And In was: fur hr hid
* rot 11 n ff n hinjj t iio n«i rrow lit r st t tu ikI I mat.** w ^ %	¦	¦	.	,	>	• *	.	,
Stella W folded in Lad, La.bm.r-. ^	' .	? b\',xpKrl™‘ '"(xlern .nf.ntrym.n equipped for war tardy ee.red ten
to bo utterly false, his always been 18 weighted down with
“7.“*; chi]<| J h|ive had t0 . the	or poputir, and lately, l-ajonet. ammunition, cloth ng, «belter influence of hie friend, secured » par-
disappointment of all my long-med,» ater-bottle, and have, sack, in j don ; and for twenty year, the nut.
ated botte. : but I fmd that Lod bae j evolution,	flhow that thia vjew u a common beltef that a
*¥;cn good to me even m frustrating
no»
each off*/ic4, ib#
MODKRN WAHFARK
Tb<- fout-soldier Li an anachronism, aefltenc«* to run continuously as archaic as the ma ri-at-arms with
Ht/ltlv*
raining,
by | fi heated ard mid
ban ! Ai ut tvn-
ary u&a
Bl-Woi u
apearëd ta
ind ii]i j
h a
) t Inn lenai
A.s he was at that time a man of
"And Jonathan Bold wood's daughter will nod become ungrateful because she changes her name," answered La ah mar l will leave you with your good friend* heie for a couple of hours longer. The
limy went out of the cemetery together end through the streets of H ilium, talking to each other tin > had been lovers of a year's stand-iug The love pent up in either breast the passion long held in check, drew them together in
soldier is not only a fighting machine, 1 b'm, l>u> before leaving the court hi iLso a beast of burden ; and no declare#! hiis intent i#m of being a fies
a.i if
' And now, dearest,
years or a bun-rifle, d red t h part of his sentence, when the
carnage will lie here for you by six
o’clock, I hoj*e. Good-day, Mrs .Chaikina n.H
a moment
They
jlMt as rivers meet and mingle as riv-
ÏTftaùST"1"*1	*" """
1 stantane<xus and complete.
Mr. Chapman's shop was not very far from Gold win's, nor a long way from the cemetery.
Btcdla explainer! that since she had dwdt in Brumm she had gone daily
ÎÏriTravT	hW *“* >°u' "ccret ,o well»-
.. n a.*	.....	1 bad no secret to keep, Polly.
be near him " °? >	culll(1 1,0 to Please don’t laugh at me, I can't bear
-ÂT it	,	“ " «W Stella, feebly.
yo« of h..Tet7.,0rUrtlty Whi°h *0W	11 w«* with diffioulty ehe Kept back I " Ves, Stella, 1 have thought out I he terious influent
"It wna belt r f	hfir ,,ars- Mm. Chapman patted her question, deliberately, end 1 can take tv moral and
truth ” «he .ne” "i	k,"°W lhe on the tack, an if she had been suf- you to my heart and rejoioe In my m even concede the justice of Draco's he lccet,u u*at ‘“part of the day'a
dreven nkuml	K"utly. All my fering from a crumb in her wind- new daughter. I have loved you in ol»i rvation Uun all crimes deserve work • l,ut 10 turn himself
dreama	I	omvkt	T h ""2 childish | pipe. Polly	wreathed an	affectionate "Ptte ot myeelf, almost as Victorian	death, anti that society in its efforts
if he	1°|	" mVB *n0'vn tllat	»™ round	her waist as	she eat at I loved you My heart and Intellect have	to suppress crime shonl I be gui-led by j b“rdella> 18	ihe	thing he abominates,
tor ma r'aertv? 6 lv,,ujd ^ve oomelthe family tea table.	{ both been conquered. Stella, I have by prudential consideration only. Does ! fh<!re is nothing more depreaaing to
hnve livLt	.,1	me‘ H* would not	‘"Ave a	few s'riuips,	Miss Bold- been ooM and repellent. I have been	it follow from three premises that our :lh<! Trite-	“otbi°8 “"r« devitalizing, |	t.	,	.	,
Way	rota nine all those	wood. ' said	the printer’s	reader.' I cruel even. Can you forgive r Can you	prisons should again bu I urne I into ' nutl“''8' which	"lakes a greater drain ° f" *' tbat	th*	|,"lgwit per,u'1 '
yeera and made no eign. And l hoc "Well, I congratulate you with all I be to me aa a daughter t"	shamble#!	onaman than a march. There ta,	,aan>	1e
o. him more and more-love him more	my 'art, dear Miss Bold wood," said I	" Oh, Lady Lasbmar. 1 only wanted	Our answer to this question will de- n°U,i,“r Moresque, nothing e,hilar-	** tiue "f	««venty^ne years	spent by
l cannot—for the sacrifice of his life.	Mrs. Chapman.	to be allowed to love you," faltered the	pend on oar answer to the following-1 8tiogt uolhiug to break the horrible	a w,iv:l t	'» a“ Aust ralian	prison.
hie livrT'.h "n'k. Um,t. VV,° ®Uch	" How handsome he is. too," sighed	Ifirl, her cheek against the dowager's	What would be tho effect of such ac-I m<,ru,lonn> of Uua seeming,y inter" iT a re i	P°U''the	i'uage of Guy Liv- shoulder, her waist encircled by the j tic? in formulating our answer to %	?	taking ; caa8» as t nod ,= the French Depart-
ïou are worth all the world to j ingston."	downger-s arm.	this question it should not I» forgot- I	cl,,«K"d mud or billing snow. ““>nt ot the Indre It was a case of
mm a# mm s
It ?/iil be the Indian Summer of my | moral forces, tha human smitimbuts. life."
It I who had escaped ‘ !i / years m p ,n soldier is wall*
even with
was one of the most honored
profoundly stiperf ci il, ind that those 80 strong end hardy that he does not citigens of Carthagena. w ho enter tain it ere destitute of e\ eu tcel hie bui leu , that he can march lh<* faintest conception of the laws t.«n or fifteen miles with sixty pounds of social and moral progress, is the ak°ut h,s body and not mind it; that obji-ot of this paper.	the well-trained athlete, who
To l,;'gin with' kt « concede «ve'J ,hr‘7S UU,le; VUl8Dt HX"rClflB| 1,8 en- to a term of fourteen years' imprison-Teanmahie or hilf reasonable premise N0^8 v latf to transport all this par- fl ,, | r j.	f .
only mortal but hereditary ; that ^ ind ihf fX- ^	T" w«	that ,f the unhappy Don
elimination of morbidities and dele-1 " 1 mmd ltie fighting; he can put up . . mm
with h -.at or cuM ¦¦MMhMBsH
was in-
fprinter’s reader, wh.> was a rabid Itadicnl in the abstract, but nd- j Biy P,an*' an<l 1 have found the du ugh. miled a nobleman in flesh.	I l®r beet calculated to make my déclin-
" Didn’t I say so, now, Miss Bold-
wimmI ?” repeated Polly, 'when his lord-
"hip had gone. "Didn't l see through I n,,l<le yourself necessary to me. and you the other night for all you kept I th,'n- in d«flolation 011,1 loneliness


There were no fewer than 217 separate charges of forgery and falsification in a Spanish Mayor's indict-
ing years happy. Oh, Stella, l have tried ndt to love you ; but first you
<»e
lei
nient, and on each he was sentenced
0	gur. t fron|
*>J a
1	wai
to tia i, i-at
. This
«it'd
Iftüer
look
sentence oi
1 discovered that you had made yourself very dear to me."
" Lady Lash mar, can you really accept me n,s your son’s wife I”

!
been sent to prison soon after the destruction of Troy, and when the, death of Moses was still e
and although he l>ei I nia<y Kr°wl when his rations are short
es is a prerequisite social evolution

recent memory, he would only now lx* completing his sentence,—that is, if good conduct bad not earned for him some remission.
In this connection it is interesting
into a
porter, to be a coolie and the bearer of
HW #
How
rAtor-
11
wp
any
the
Quite recently u very remarkable
duo
#*
a
me, Stella,
ii.d

.or
id
*u


" Mr. Nest or i us is too kind.”
" And he asked you to he his wife— he. t ho man who women have adored —and you refused him. Why did
a man, Stella?” J IHH HBHI	I
She was silent, the pale cheek# kind* !in the Ion* tramp from Laahmar to ling with a suJden blush, the eyelids! Bl umm» nnd «wailed the letter and j the dowager and Stella alighted from
ihr carriage that were tv» i».• sent at I carriage
War is now a bulky that when the documents wer# monochrome; every one dresses the placed one on the tup of another ur same, khak
1'
nearly all the possessions she had brought a way from Laahmar Castle. She peeked the little bag had made her arms ache so terribly
hi
lases its semblance of could barely see over the accumulate?
• • • I m.k.	nr; .iz	»
Mrs. Muloiber was m che hall when | " ' our follow men as occurred in | which th
England and France during the last
hi
Create a public sentiment that will
w h it* b
you
t
pages, and 884 people weri Army m i, and no man summoned as witnesses, sees more than the man in front of century, and in the same Instant will him, or the man on each side of him.
disappear all thono humane sympa-1 Hour after hour this Ihi-i which more than anything else distinguish the people of this age from Iho savages who danced around the gibbet ou Tyburn Hill and. the guillotine in the Champ de Mara.
in one recent case in the Crewe
County Court, where an old man, vvhc goes on; rifles was in receipt of parish pay, was eu#*? become heavier, ammunition-belts for a debt of £3 H*., the itegistrai chafe moreg aljingly, haversacks and water-bottles strike in a tender spot, shoes get filled with grit which makes each step an agony. If after a long c Lnarch men aie thrown miV„£stion w. pm-y have lost their vim and £r
1 hnve no desire to offer an apoloKj P°wer resistance ; and it is only by Wll. ^ \\ |uam for crime further than to show thaUiB:er tierve that they are able to stand those who ascribe it to morbid or | ul} the rack. Nine times out of abnormal causes are much in errt
The spi; it of crime aggression is as 1 heir nerves unstrung, simply because old as thî hum in race, and further- ^ey have been broken down by more is as essential to social evolu- ^e strain which has been put
Domestic convulsions were her natural element. She came
drooping " ^ by, Stella ?” he urged.
" Because I could cure for no one in l he world but you," she answered fnlleringly. ' You who have seemed so far off and so cruel."
his lordship's bidding
f
on board the family ship at much times
mar would not brook such an alliance. I ,ike Q P'^t, *nd thought no bark could
,r ,i safely to harbor without her »*-
Stella told herself that Lady Lash
/
ordered that the debt must be paid a' the rate of a penny a year, so that as the first penny was due in July jf last y », the last instalment
able in the year 2739—or payment had been made
that she would not suffer her pies ence under these altered cinum
I
sistance. She took Stella in her arms nnd cooed over her with a sound as of
But
crime and retaliation affect each
stance», and that no letter and carriage would come from the castle I an elderly wood pigeon
Hut who luvod you passionately nil
the time, Stella ; loved you and fought ^Against bm inclination; tried to be wi*cr than Fate. If you knêft how laboriously 1 endeavored to fall in love with Lsdy Carminow you would understand how potent was that other influence which drew my thoughts away from her."
They were at Mr. Chapman’s corner by this time—a corner shop in a street of small, shabby little houses out of which opened right and left aoo,lttr to * hin* my newly be
other etreets of just the same pat- ltm*l 1 But I love him so dearly, sc
dearly 1"’
no
I
I be
" My eweet girl, did I not tell you other reciprocally
m quest of her, however urgently
•Lardmisr	ap^»,vuV A\\t	.Lr B would be so ?" she murmured
her behalf.	€V\ Mrs. Mulciber, you Cold me
something quite different, dear."
" Did I, dear f About Mr. Nestor-
ius ? Ah, to be sure 1 did. But I was right, you see. 1 knew you were de* fined to make a great marri ige. And now run and dress for dinner.”
* I have dined with m.v friends in Brumm," answered Stella. ‘ I shall have «feue tea in my own room, thanks."
Mr. Ncstorius had heard from Lash-
e f
i

lie Conqueror first landed ou English soil, Lue iamt p^n-ny would only be due six years hence
" Goii help me," she said to he, self, on her knees beside the pellet bed
in the little room on the half flight, " um 1 to sow dissension between mother and son, part them perhaps forever, they two who have been all the world to each other t Ought I not
ten infantry are sent into action with
In another fairly recent case the learned judge of the Bloomsbury Conn, ty Court made an order of Sa. a month in discharge of a debt of £1,054—the final payment being separated from the first instalment by nearly 22C years.

upon
hem. To- get the best results out of men they should go into action perfect physical condition ; but they arc generally weakened by the drain made upon them.
tio i as is its antipode—the- altruists spirit.
Of all the animals the earth has ever produced primitive thought to have bean by far the moat I cruel and ferocious.
in a
man is
An amusing case came not long age before un Italian c« ui t, in which a lawyer sued the Customs authorities for a centime, or about ooe-'enth of
tern
The remedy for this, a remedy which will not onjy increase the actual physical strength of an army but will also give it that mobility which i* all- "" £,:glish ‘jeony- The Uwy*r- aher eeaentia 1, is to give each man his ,lgor"Us	h*id paid the c»u
own means of transport, that is. to timtl aa duty <m a of sweets he
mount him. The armies of the future carr)iug- an<1 tih> act!,m " » to
recover the coin on the ground that
it was illegally demanded.
The case was argued before threi
I’he fact that some of his remote descendants have become otherwise is not, as some suppose, to be attributed to an innate, nascent, moral nature in possession of our prehistoric ancestors. According to snthropologi.- -, for thousands, of years after the advent of man on Wl ‘ ermiea of mounte(J infantry
She prayed fervently, with tears—
prayed that she might l)e guided and mar bow the fugitive had been found
LAivugh the shop f"	i inspired to do what was wisest and
" 1 .should adore it. 1 have never | ^ ,or him. her new beloved.
iSbesat^nd waited and towards
o'clock bjgun to listen for the sound
lie had to bend his head a little un- ! cairiage wheels in the street below. It was dark, but she had not N,,st(>MUM ha<1 hid bini a kind and
lighted her candle.	| quiet farewell and had driven to the earjh he was as nonsocial as a Bengal
Hark! carriage wheels, decidedly I raiIwa>r Nation on Lia way to Lon- tiger, and about as moral. Ha-i his
don.	environments remained unchanged
There is do private door," said
you mind going
Stella ; would
—among the dead; and how in that place of death the bond of union had been sealed between the living. He and Lush mar had talked gravely together for a little while and then
à
seen a shop of the kind," laughed Cash mar.
six
dor the treasures hanging from the
ceiling—bn con, candles, onions, lemons
'What a dear little shop!" he ex- cai riage wheels, and the rhythmical
claimed*/ "and so well found. It is irot of a V*ir of horses. Stella ran
like th^ steward's cabin on my Nor- 'n*° *bc ^,on* room and looked out.
blasa of carriage lamps seemed
to illuminate all the street. It flash- *°° new- Year* hence, when you are d^er v' & pred 0U6 and prttden- M tin- “rainy new moon of a mouth ed in upon her as she stood at the A	roan, I may once more be *a* motives prompted him to enter o; 'looking down in the mouth," which
your guest and hers. Old Dr. Time has *nto amicable relations with his kind, is produced by melancholy
Had this stato vehicle been sent in an Animent for all wounds."	From cannibilLm came the tribe; or remedy these, CUltb • a cheerful,
t	mockery? Stella wondered scared at Stella did not appear at the eight *rom war* prompted by spoliation, happy, contented disposition. Lines
Ktïjla' went into them and told the epectaole. Waa it a piece of prac	dinner, as officious Mrs. Mul-	the union of tribes or nations; may also coma from an accumulation
them how Lord Laehmar had come to	‘leal irony on the part of Lady Lash-	fiibpr *°uW have had her appear, ac-	from war als°- aud «l ivery, came sub-	offlesh. In t his case a gentle massage
thibkihem for their kindness to her	mart	cepting at once ail the Importance^	ordination to authority and govern-	will help tn .>urn out the adipose tissue
and h£w her ladyship wished aer to	A footman opened the door and the	her P*"'*»	•• Lashmar's promised	ment; from the unequal and unjust j and make the flesh solid yet suffi... bJk to the castle	dowager herself alighted, moving	bride' She had some tea in Barber's	d'^mn of the fruits of labor and	cently phahle. If hot water is used in
zllhiuk 1 shall have to leave you	lowly and feebly, leaning on the tall	'"ting-rmm. and was wept over by	the consequent penury of toiling mil-	washing the face it should be immedi-
lhis evening, <„ to-morrow, at least." footman's arm a little as she descend- tbe warm-hearted Barber and slipped "one	w^lLh; from 1er talion* .tely followed by an appl.ct.oo of cold
s’.e said shyly; " but I shall never for- «i to earth, but tali, stately and im- h;|ck into her old life as naturally « thrice blessed criminal jus- water.
a_,	i.,Ling .	,l-cczzzt
"Will you come down to the draw'-! moral and social evolution of tho huSo we see that from curs-
ABOLÎT WRINKLES
courts, each of which gave judgment
.	.......	, . , L,nes abouf ,he moutb that are in | in favor of the plaintiff ; ami after
"W.ll you not stay» Would you not he would have doubtless continued in any way objectionable may be the months of litigation the defendant,
like to sec her?" pleaded 1 hmar. ;hLC1 fltate forever, but fortunately he [result of mental as well as physical '
what ia known
I
J
i were compelled to repay the centime 1 together with costs, amounting tc ' £180, o-r nearly 400,000 times the amount ia dispute.
"No, my dear friend, the wound Is acquired a taste for human flesh, | action—for instance
wegiaiw yacht.*"
Stella led him into the parlor, that •acred# chamber so rarely tenanted in the dAytiine. The Chapman family was la king four o’clock tea in the kitc*7-
To avoid
window
«Tonea—You say you saw every-
tix.ug in Rome iu three days
Impossible 1 8mi h—But you must
remember that there were three "f urn.
My wife took th-3 churcheei, 1 visited
all the picture galleries, and my
went for the restaurants and cafes.
Then we met in the evening and exchanged experiences.
That's
<
<
son
/
The Home Treatment
For Coughs and Golds.
of you aa my friends. And I shall cloak of black velvet and darkest aa com* to see you sometimes if you will |,,je*
ing-room with me and be made known mau Tace. to my son's friends?" asked her lady- 68 have come blessings, and that influe no a apparently the most adverse
Stella went down stairs to receive
lot me."
' Of course, we will, my lass, and al- this most unexpected visitor—went Ways gkd to me# your pretty face," , wbite an<l trembling to greet her; •eMthe genial Chapman.	j while the Chapman family who had
*	* Lord Lashufc tr >erm P* exclaimed 1flown to the door, expecting a fire-
engine, and one small girl with a large jug, who bad come for threepenny worth of golden syrup, stood at gaze, aghast at this aristocratic vision.
" Stella, I have come to fetch you," said her ladyship in an earnest manner. " You were very foolish and very impetuous in running away because of a few unkind words from an im-
' ship.
" Not for the world, dear Lady Lash- to AOcil1 and moval Progress have mar," she pie i<led, " let me be just
what I have been, your reader and ' That, far-off divine event aman*#BSi*. Only love me a little, if Towards you can. It is so sweet to be loved."
e'$S-
, ta*re * certarn protection against oons-umpuon, pneumonia and other
Hosts of mot rs have V-.rnod to trust imp itly to Dr. Chase’s run of Lin«o«d arid Turpentine to promptly loosen flue tight chest coughs, to a,lay the jmf la turn atom, to clear the air passages end thoroughly cure the
confidence m this grand prescription of Dr Chase hns never In#*'! « taken., because iit has never failed to prove beneficial. It is of
such unusua merit as to have attained to by far the Largest sale of an? s milar preparation	7
hastened the advent of
Polly, with an awe-etnçken look. "Did-• n't I tell you eof Oh, you naughty
girl, to try to deceive me."
" May I come in, Mrs. Chapman ?" asked Lashinar, showing himself in the doorway between parlor and kitch-
whioh the whole creation
roo ves."
The social organism has often been compared to animil organism; the re-
“ i cannot help loving you,” she said.
" Yes, it is sweet to be loved. You have been faithful and patient tome ambiance is in most respects said to
without reward poor child. Ilencefor- 1)0 ward give me love for love. There shall	anim il are to be found a num-
ber of organs whose functions are
coud
Biologists say that in
>
eu
Dh, your lordship, such a poor place 1” faltered Mrs. Chapman.
La hmar shook hands with Chapm in just as affably as if he had been el- I pulaive young man. Put on your bon-ectioneering, as that worthy citizen net while I thank these kind people remarked afterwards, and thanked the | for having taken care of you."
'r goodness to Miss Bold wood.
will have another name be-1 had
be no debt unpaid between us."
To Be Continued.
i

not apparent; others appear to be useless and some even injurious to their possessors in the battle of life.
A HACKING COUGH
Mir. W. A.' Wylinx 57 Smtomi Street, Toronto, states ;—"My little grand-
Mutability of	.nd Utconata
The Chapmans entreated her lady-	tancy with ourselves Is the greatest	two classes are very similar in appear-	Syrup of Linmeed and Turpentine,
ship not to overpower them. They	weakness of human nature.—Addison,	anoe aud It requires a profound	After the fxrst dose she called it
III I	whkh	'The hours we pass with happy pros-	knowledge of physiology and of the	t u,^*to com^around”^
fore long, I hope," glancing fondly at	they would do willingly for any re-	pacts in view are rnlpYe pleasing than	animal mechanism to enable one to	et<vte that ixirt	of	one	bottle	cured
*be Pushing face, "and when she is	specteble young female in distress,	those crowded with fruition.—Gold-	distinguish	between them and to de-	h-^ mnd Hm is mow	well and	as bright
Lidy Lashtnar she can take car* that	how much the more for the daugter	smith	signate the	period at which the laps-	** 4 cricket."
housekeeper deals at Mr. Chap-	of Jonathan Bold wood, who had apbk-	Hyptrocrisy Is the necessary burden	Ing organs	become useless or injuri-
man’‘1 for bacon and bloaters and	en such noble words for the cause	of villainy.—Johnson.	one to the	symmetrical development
thin*»." W|th & vague reminiscence of of the poor.	Wot to Ntarn erne good office fhr of the orgaolam.	| MotW* favorite remedy for_______
* mingled «4om he had perceived as Stella did not detain her ladyship auetfosr le khuman; but to return It is the name with the social organ- Colds, 25 <**nts a bottle ; family passât through the shop.	long amidst the odor of rank bacon, evil fur good Is diskette*!.-Seneca.	lam, and when we reflect that the so-1 mu eh, 60c ts Ajt sk
BRONCHITIS.
Mr. Whl Dan. lean. 9t. Aerirews, Qua., states "Dr. Chase's Byrup of Llinseed and Turpentine Lis cured ot branoimle. I have, without aws, tried too® y remedies tor the pi si six years. Last wwater when I had a Mire re attack and was unable te work I procured a bottle of Dr, Chase's Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine and am happy to state that the third bottle

me
suo-
but
done
de me a well man."
hf-r
l)r. Cbase’s Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine,
t Goughs sad
###PAGE###8###


^ 1





M

I ¦ m\*m


1 ?
\
\
r
x
i

\
! Winter Trade
Boots,
Rubbers,

;
U know U
WANT A FALL SUIT.
Moccasins,
Overshoes aqd Felt Goods.

t
Elections are over and now people realize that winter is almost oi\.
Why wait until the rush is on? See our new Fall Suitings. They are the latest out, and we give them a finishing touch that cannot help but please.
Place your fall order with us.


i
We are now ready with a new, full and well assorted stock of fall and winter Footwear, which we will sell at the lowest possible price. Call and inspect before you buy elsewhere.
>
WOOLLENS and FURS are real necessities.
We have a select stock of
Men’s Cloth and Knitted Top Shirts.
Ribbed and Fleece Lined Under- l 1
wear. %
Egan ville Mill’s all Wool White <Sir Charles Tupper Retires. |	I Ilf III" ft	I blankets.
S,r V larlee T upper has announ > d that it I I ¦ R 11 U |Nf X _
i lus intention 11 retire from public life. I ULvi II | IlLiVl TTavoa TD1 ^^	i T •
Pue jutVce to himself o such a step is .o	7 £10180 -Diail]£©tS ailCl LinUlfifS
The Conservatives will regret the defeat | aPi,arent that nme «ill v nture to P rilftlirnvssmm	O )
XK.Æîr.îSrJÏÆA:£tJ|WWITüRE DEALER AND Men’s Fur Coats Ladies* As
dent th it a dead set was made upon these ! or	4411 e ,e,ny* hi 185i, befui e 1	. .	V-/ Ct O, AJdU.lt/0 Xib*
am. by the enemy. At this time «e haw no	j mof,the Feol)v who are n ,w livi,,X	'	U N DERT AKER.	t.mphfm	Tonlrnfci	T\/T^^\~	TTI
Arrive » 45 information in respect to the modus oper	lrl {	,nad* were born, he had entered the	;	1	i	^I dUlldll	Vl dCJx© uS?	JVL©H Q N Jp ^£27
M'21 andi employed, but a little later it will I ®eao(	as the member for Combe:- SHAWVILLF! . . HTTP 1	T i • t	. -	,
K.'.s be known how the slaughter of the Con- | *ind.m th,e ^ Wative Assembly of Nova j	9	HU Ci.	VclDS, ±j3»Ql©S Gt£LUI1 tvl At<3
%	eervative leaders was accomplished, I Scotia. It was s coincidence that one of I	-- * }	C4; U.AJ. U1C7 UO, ^UldL/ü
S,4°	hia earliest task*, as one of h’t latest, had ,	A large, woll-selected and varied *tock of	ayi H CrVPkTr\ FlrvillVIrt	cm A	rr, - ,	-,
to do with an education* 1 issue. He j Furniture always on hand, at prices	dlitl git'J )} -L/OU.D1G	ctllCi	1 WlSLGCl
I euccee-lej in N .va Sotia, and one of the	to suit nil classes.	TT	tt
(London Free Frees—C m )	results is that in that province there is	_ !	± cLTHS	£^ATSAX7^$
In London <#,800 ball its were printed *ei$s 'bfference between K un an Catholic IN UNDERTAKING	*	sX ^
at a job other, and delivered to a return-	lml F/otestant than anywhere in Canada, j	TWPPH Q Mm J?Tn
mg officer, bui wne not used by the de-	failed in cumection with Manitoba,	I also keep a complete stock of * une*	|	WDCUo,	060., 060*
puties. What became of them and fur	4nd	*h«re is the division of to day	n.tI. Furnishings, ranging from the
rt“ .............- '	LSfEBEBEsP
mov ment that led to the C lurluttetomn conference of 1804, which called to discuta a project for thv union of the three mari ?ime provinces, an iu motion forces that brought about ihe confederation of Canada.
s
t
now
(
A. R. McGUIRE,
;

i
THE TAILOR.

J
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAWVILLE, -

L
QUE.
Press Opinions of the
Result.

"t*
; i
Il
ri
t
<
i
U 11

1k



Slaughter of the Leaders (Hamilton Spectator—Cou.)

rPiiV
!j


4
Pontiac Paie Jonction fit.
Official Time Table :
\

P.M.
5.45 Leave
Aylmer tBreckenridge . t’Eardley Parker’s Crossing V Mohrs «lu yon Wyman's ?Tank Bristol McKee’s Shawvllle Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank t’Vlnton Cou longe ’Mellon's Waltbum
;
« IK)
• •
6.12
«I
4 #
9.06
6.18
44
• 4
6 26
• •
6.37
44
6.47
6 •
6 I
8.22
6.56
66
WHAT BECAME OF THE BALLOTS
• •
8.14
6.58
II
4 S
- "
7.04
66
4 «
Canadian
7.26
• I
• I
ftl)
7.45
4#
31
)
4 I
8.00
*•
4 «
IS
8. OB
?I
4 I
10
».
M2
• •
7.0«
'
* #
8.30
• 4
44
4
8.47
44
4 •
ti. Ü0
6.55 Arrive
Leave 6.30 •Flag Station. tTank. t'FIag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
!
TRI E TO THE N. 1\
(London Free Press)
The mimifacturiug cities of ILmiilt and Toronto have shown that they true to the National Policy, and that they appreciate thu fact that their increases of population have been due to that policy. No doubt in those places, London, the (irit machine
Tenders Wanted.
E. HODCINS 6 SON
on
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GEN*BK4L sfPEKIN TEN PE NT
are
Tender* for work « hureh, North Clarendon, will !»?* ,, up to Saturday, Nov. 3rd.
el fleat ions <•
Matthew's j received Plan* and spe-an tie ween at the Rectory. I entier.', to i>v addressed to
0:1
In the negotiations for the great union both at London and Quebec, he took a f m >»t pert.
Peter Mitchell in New Brunswick theiej
might 1 ave been no union in	r-
hap% none at all—and his was the baldest task. And when it was accomplie lied and the Confederation was started path to its gleat success, for tho sake of
IT
OTTAWA A GATINEAU M
But for him ami
as in
^^¦1 was
bnt not to the saine tirent as here, where t dead set was made, with unlimited cash.
K» 1 uAf,	been resolved to carry London at
1 ' >	1 ’ vv all hezirda in the first instance, letting
the after consonances be what tlm\
W. 11. NAYLOR.
1 let tor.
I
Fall and winter Tsms Table
Taking effect Nov.
Steer Astray.
Farmers !
Oil Its
Eswjesssssar
iaBHHS55EF ^ '
KWw&SZ/ta; ! H. .—in W^SSStS? ÛZ Sr “r **“ ,h*	tition at the county tMr every time.
8ft toîffltSStiSÏMfe-----------------can sill yon at lowest prices Flour drain
8=3 J&z%az:	rz; *»Uie Notice. j	Meals, Bran, Shorts and Feed.
" ‘ gLggtr A&r ¦. "¦	±	STOCI1 A,'wtrs ” """
=355335
a painful sight to see the two races of this v .charejter!2 ,(l bis career in home |	Sec. Treasurer.
SïpSÜii Lreh~-^ ESrB'S,.......................................r,„      
*4.20 PM.. Limited—Stops Glen Robcwaon, only ,i0 e fleet, the increased expenditure and 11 an , ,n/)r 10 #mr°11 bun among their de- land all tillable, with about 7t) acres dear-
si*
ing Car, Ottawa to New Y uk.	*	the	minds of the French-Canadims and u * " native strength. It could have well finished Inside ; log stable and pig
*&»40 pJf. Local-Stops at In tinned-ate stations that was the French blood of their P,n been wished that one whose work tare but Kvr>' : “fw frame barn with cow stalls un
nîf ::l 10.«'• tonutota a: « otw.u mier.	outlined here, shoul 1 have laid down his ‘!cn,futîl Î old log bum and sheds suitable
..*............... 0,0„tlti„ ,he Gmm. ...M	, ,„„„u	%r«r5B$r!s,
r	ffggpfmmrns
M. way ofannm! expenditure were borne in u . k	wh'‘ L',yal'y PalB	J As- T- VALU WELL,
r ror.to. mind by the tlectr re, and the result is • , an‘ 0 task t.iat is Wore him,	Massey. Ont
¦ ;aving j seen in the returns. Mr. Laurier had a Tl <OUit regard to reward, to long as	or ' • CALDWELL,
majority of 12 in the Province o; Ontario ^e task seems right.-Montreal Hs/ette I	Shaw ville.
r I when Parliament wts di'solved. He is in a minority of 111 in ih s province today. There has been a change < f thirty-TO and from the west.	| P116 Reate ,n the Premier province, which
(Daily, except Sunday)	j >¦ a condemnation of the Oovernn ente
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :	| policy that does honour to Ontario and
8 15 A. M. F»r Amprivr, Renfrew. Egan ville. Pern- 1 etamI 8 this province at least as beimr u: -
•rokc, Barry a Bay, Whitney. Canoe Lake, Furry , purchasable.	_ ,
•e&sasa, amas- 2» S2Z2Z Si; $rrr? ¦ t- “ F
ville. Renfrew. Arnprior and intermediate point*. j eration there would be a Conservative
6.55 P. M From Parry Sound, EganvMe, Ren- I majority. rnw, Arnprior and intermediate points.
8.50 P. M. Mixed Trains from Madawaska, Egan- ,	,	..	, .	...	, .....
vi.k», Renfrew, Arnprior and intermediate stations. In the big mills at Whitney on Satur*
day Matthew Foley got his hand caught
n . . n . n „ __ ¦	¦ Id s»me cogwheels and hie body a as	,	--	|	^	M	0
Central Depot, RnsselJ Hoise Block. irtri‘hTWtrà,' .c,u?lht r a reioIvi[,« T ----	-—- Property for Sale. I	,onc,ml
£:¦;aSaSaa,-«M
1 ance-	tion in which he found that institution, iktrs-Maxim work» it Barrow	I	H. HOURS,	a. cut on ns trip.
77 Bank St., Ottawa.
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa ..
•J 33 p:m '.'5 a. m 7.4') a m
may.
.....«IM
•••
O
•• •••#..
No. 3 train leaves Ottawa.
No. 4 Nos. 1 2,
arrive
3«1* 4daily except Sunday.
For tickets and further information to E. C. Arno'dl, Ticket Agent, tn St., or 31 Central Chambers, Ottawa.
P. W. HEssEMAN.
Gen’l Sup’t.
,!. J* p m
will
compe-
1
CANADA ATLANTIC
ilium
14
frf
i
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT. ^6 Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
aas
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
I
J AS. GRAHAM

On and after Oct. train service will l>e
er advised
11
«S 2

• «

wsc. Desirable Property
for Sale.
Furniture Dealer 2nd Undertaker...
SUCCESSOR TO	.
C ÜTH8ERTS0N, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT. / f
Main Street • (Opposite C. F. Hodgins') - Shawville.
¦¦¦ ¦¦¦ —- -,
A first-class stock of Furniture of all kinds now on hand, including some special baï-gains in Lounges and Parlor Suites. 1



Ft
1
accorded to a colonial subject in active i
political life. Great universities counted one" hundred acres "more
some
I
t
Trains am
. i
UNDERTAKING CALLS PROMPTLY ATTENDED
all. 10 P.M. I. •t il -frr.i
m<l M mtrval
TO

rnl



12.1$ P. M. I
NOTICE.
I-Frvm M
STRAYED
vasr, leaving Montreal at Parlor Car.
Dissolution of Partnership.
Vi
«9.05 P. II. Lo :
nieuiute points, 1
and pointe west. Has Pullman Parlor Car. Lt Montreal at 6.6V, p. m.
* 6.35 P. M. Limited—From Montreal le;
«•10 | .in. Has Pullman Parlor Car.
Pr
'm M
o,|0 }'oar old bull, dehorned. Owner « an Imve him by pin ing e

i A
on.
•9
Notice Is
e.\|)«-nNes.
T. ilOLHiIXS.
¦<SLnss %: ^Jr^Jss2r!S3K i
BÎNcdowell.
Shawville. In futnre the furniture and umlertaktnz
• teLtsssr wmrasË
hr*etC" W U' be
tokMsro.Shawv,l,e this Hrst
(Signed.) JAS. CÜTUBERTSON
•IAS. GRAHAM,
J.G. ELLIOTT.
V1B
O
LooK out for
Middle and Western Divisions.
A FLYING SQUADRON.
It is Reported at Hong Kong that Britain is about to Send one to
China.
Stray Lamb.

BARGAINS
Strayed on to months ago, a i same by paying ex
I
gy IN MILLINERY
All through the Season.
As my stock is large and well selected
I am able to suit all customers in style
and price, and I know it w ill be to
your advantage to call before
purchase elsewhere. jL . ^	“ ' " ' O*-'- "" *
Thank;iu ti c1 adiem of Shftwville and nur-rounding country for their past favors.

Stray Cow.


1
of Oc*
Strayed on to my premises about 5th November, a red and white may have the same by
*
you
cow. Owner expenses.
-SMILEY, Radford P. O.
Chaplin a saw works at St. Catharines, Ont., were completely destroyed by (ire on Tuesday. The building was a large frame structure, and in two hours ¦¦ mass of ruins.
%

Calves Lost.
Mrs. t. McWilliams.
was a
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES

H
y
». Tra r.s run daily ex-iept Sunday, b. Sunday only, c, Daily,
3

McGUIRE. Shaw ville





r

T

i
,'"""j '	" *

*m
¦
i

