###PAGE###1###














i



'
No. 35.—18th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.
jhuIh of Perfection Syrup for $1.15 ut McGuire's grocery.
THURSDAY, FEB. 14, 1901.
$1.00 a Yeah in Advance.
'
School Reporte.
Noll, Clarendon—,J any—IV Grade.
Nellie Ihmlop 1, Irene Wallace %,
KV.ra Grant 3, David Grant 4, Nellie W ikon, .*>.	Ill Grade—Clara Dunl«u>
I, Albert Grant i?, Lawrence Grant 3, Reggio Moore -I, Kddie Wallace ft. II Grade— Walter Dunlop 1, Walt I>‘ttn ‘J, .lames Hamilton II, T
Coughlin 4
nelly 1, Cartie Wilson 2, Ktmna Wal lace 3, Harold Connelly 4.
Susan Caldwell, Teacher.
m

fy Carnival, Shawville rink, Thursday February 21st.
Rolled Oats at fl.Sttper bag. Spanish onions, red onions and white unions ; < tan berries, oranges, lemons and apples all
cheap, at McGuire's Grocery.
llrstl Oflkei .. .. Uerltel mil* rlhwl I'sptUl pâld up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA
.........H.thu/'oo
.........1,1*'1,940
I

OF GAIT ADA.
Hvit
i
Board of Director»
Charles Magee, Esq., Preiident. OitOMK Hay, ehq., Vice-President.
Hof. Or». IIryhon, Jr
• $6,000,000. The Ven
CAPITAL - -
*“*•RESERVE FUND,
1 • Archdeacon Naylor in in nr\r\ r\r\r\ I ^,,nlreal this week attending the annual
-	2,600,UUU. (Synod of the Diocese of Montreal. He
will return for Sunday.
er
mmi
Primer—Fied Con* i
Head Office, • Montreal.
Spring
Trade
OBOROFRVRN D. M. FINNIC
General Mnruigor
•.	.. Manager
The infant son of Mr. and Mm. David Clarke, Moorhead, was buried at Sr. John’s church burying ground on Tues day, the Rev. Mr. Jîoyle of North ('la-rendon officiating.
Br»n< l*« •
IN ONTARIO
Kerwetm. R**tnptr lie,
MhlUwa,
OtUw*,
Grekhmoi nt SuhcioL—IV Class Artie Somerville 1, Eliza Tubman 2, Florence Mc(leary 3. IIJ Class—Howard Ltimniis I, Alfred Mulligan 2, Annie Cat hem .'{ II Class—Silas Somerville 1, Thomas Judd 2, Pearl Lathem 8.
H Primer—Hern ice Dale 1,
Luminis 2, Mary Ann Stewart 3. I Primer— Charles Linnmis 1, Bertha Mulligan 2, Earl Lang 3, Mildred Judd 4. M. Macfarlane, Teacher.
1901
SIIAWVILLE BRANCH,
Ait xand Hi, Am prior,
Avonm«*r,
Bracebrldge,
Carleton
remark, Parry
H it PorUffr, Wim-hnater,
*lo llankHt. lD nfr* at •In Iiid»*an 8t. Toronto, Vaoklwk lllll, bulth'* Kalla IN MANITOBA :
’ hound,
irokf,
Monty loaned on approved awnrlty at ,	^	Mls M(mdhU^ ,>alk.
reasonable rate#.	Ilian, on Wednesday night was well at-
Farmer# note# bought and collected.	tended, in spite of the almost intpassible
Money transferred to all parte of the world. | condition of the roods. The house wae
comfortably tilled and an enjoyable time was spent by all.
do
Here,
Hawkesbiiry,
Ijouisa

SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office Hours .
Saturdays . .
1
Dauphin
Winnipeg,
' Portage La Prairie.
IN QUEBEC;
iiuii,
Hhawimgaa
Agent# in Oaaada, New York and Ckiosgo—
Itank of Montreal.
Agente In Bt. Fsnl—Mfrrfcaats Nat Bank: Agents lu Loudon, Kng.—Put's Rank Ltd.
i ok Salk—A first grade Doherty organ, solid walnut piano case, with all the latest improvements. An up-to-date instrument in every respect. Will be K. A. PARKER I a* A	to make room for spring
Manager. K**!#- This is n snap.
Moetrtal,
Li< hut»
10 A.M.T0 3 P M.
Bristol Council
We are busy getting ready for coming Spring trade. We have bought freely in all the different lines that go to make up a first-class stock, and in a few days will be fully prepared for the Spring rush with a stock second to none in the country.
10 A M. TO 1 P M.
Minutes of regular session of the Municipal Council of the Township of Bristol, held iu the town hall on Monday the 4th day of February, 1901.
Members present : E. Graham, mayor, councillors Smiley, Tabor, Lucas. Henderson. Councillor Morns having filed his oath of office took his seat at the Ifoard.
Minutes of last session road. Moved by coun. Morris, sec. by coun. Smiley and resolved that the minutes as read be adopted.
Moved
Smart & Smith.
Death ok Mr. James Armstrong.—
The death occurred on Tuesday of Mr.
James Armstrong of Clarendon Front,
P' M Am ono of t!io best known men of the town-
.m : 7, p m. "hip. Mr. Am.trung underwent an op-
Hunday Brhool at 9 30, A. m.	r----------- -------~
Kp worth league. Monday evening at 8.'«a. WAg recovering nicely. < )u Monday, how-
MwUng. Frldïy? 7 30, pim.' ever, ho took an unexpected turn for the
of the best medical His death will cause
pportunity now to get a Iwr- [general regret for he was universallyre-kind of stove at Wain man's, j spected citizen of the community.
A Card.
We, the undesigned, do hereby agree to
_______ _______ figsTand ail kKdTof refund the money on a 50-cent bottle of
canned goods cheap at McGuire’» Grocery. Green» Warranted Syrup of Tar if it
n fails to cure your cough or cold. We also guarantee a 25 cent bottle to prove M< Gui re's G not i;ry, satisfactory or money refunded.
Shaw ville Drug Co.


Church Services
•QAMPBELL’S bay
and
METHODIST CHURCH
SKATING
**"#
oration some time ago, from which he
RINK
Open every night (Sundays excepted) from 6.30 to 10 o'clock.
worse, and in spite aid, sank rapidly.
Everyone welcome
LESLIE SMITH, Manager.
by coun. Lucas wee. by coun. Tabor that E. Graham be re-elected mayor of this municipality for the ensuing term.—Carried unanimously.
Coun. Ireland tiled his oath of office and took his seat at the hoard.
Moved by coun. Lucas sec by coun. Smiley and resolved that John Storey be appointed to examine al* the cedars taken out for this council and that he accept those only that are according to contract.
Moved by coun. Henderson seconded by coun Morris and resolved that the Secretary be instructed to procure a new road scraper for road division No. 11, and that a special rate be levied upon said road division to pay for scraper.
Messrs. Martin Kilroy and Joseph Lmioovie asks the Council to have a road
A good o
gain in anv
LOCAL NEWS.
Zephyr and Berlin wool in different
Mrs. D. McRae’s.
shades at
Sap Cans.- Order your map cans at Wain man's before the Spring rush is on.
Seven bar# soap for 25 cents. Apricot#.
Several of our local horsemen attended | peaches, prunes the races at Amprior on Friday last

We are selling the l*est 25 cent Tap: Tea in town. A trial will convince you.
in
GREAT CLEARING SALE at the Shaw ville Hoot and Shoe Store.

Cash Paid for Logs by J. J. McCleary, Shaw ville. See advertisement.
<>ur readers will please notice that Dr. .Stackhouse has mane a change in the date Try McGuire's grocery for fresh and I of his announcement#.

Brakesman Wright of the P. P. J.
Regular train, suffered the misfortune of getting one of his arms badly shattered at the wrist w hile coupling cars at McKee's station on Friday morning last.
The unfortunate young man was imme-	. .	.	.	,	, À __ ,
diately brought back to Shaw ville on the °l,enc<f f,0,n the front road—lot 1st and had the injured member at- !'an8e- southward, and to make a change
tended to by Dru. Lyon and Klock. i1,1 ^,,nt r"Ild on ot ^	.
Sub-eouently he was taken to Montreal; 'Iovnl h Morris, sec. by coun. and laced in an hospital, from whence ! 7ahov and resolved that the matter be reports received on Saturday ni%ht were v t '.,v.ei un" ! lc sn"w is gone when the hopeful that amputation of the man's "R1*1 ?,,f' °,,mds ,w T* to ex,l!nlno
arm would not be necessary.	th?,1‘**9 “nd r"IJ0Trt tu thti cou"c,L
Moved by coun. Lucas sec. by coun.
Henderson ami resolved that E. Graham and William Graham be given the contract of cutting out and clearing all the streets on the south west half of lot No. 9 in the 1st range of this township, known as the village of Norway Bay, and that they receive as remuneration for the work all the timber growing upon the said streets ; that they must not fall any timber upon any of the adjacent lots, and must pile all the brush upon the centre of the streets, to be burnt off" when suitable ; and that John Dods be appointed a special road officer to see that
We want to see all our old customers and many new ones, and assure all of our best efforts to please them.
Died.—At Clarendon on Wednesday Great Sale of Boots and Shoes, Mitts and I the 6th February, Mildred Lets, eldest
Moccasins during the month of February, child of Mr. Win. Cameron, aged .> years, at the Boot and Shoe Store. Shaw ville


U months, 13 days.

Died at Thorne, Dec. 2*ith, tho infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Charles .1. Dagg, aged 10 mont hs and 12 days.
Married—At Bryson, Jan. 31st, by tho Rev. Mr. Whillans, Mr. Thomas Craig, to Miss Mary Gilchrist, both of
engine
Two thousand dollars’ worth oi I roots | Clarendon and shoes to be slaughtered at the Shaw ville Boot and Shoe Store.
Have a look at those stoves which Gee. E. Weinman Is offering at big discounts Jamieson’s cream rolls, home made on usual prices. Now is the tbne to strike
breed and Brown bread, at McGuire's la bargain.
i
k
J. H. SHAW.

grocery.	j La grippe still holds sway in town and
Wainman's stoves are acknowledged to the surrounding country. Whole house be the best, and lie in selling them °ff ftM holds have l>een prostrated by this greatly reduced prices to make room for1	J
Spring stu-
The Kicking Begins.—Tho awarding of that Calumet slidemastership to Mr.
Sam Moorhead has aroused the ire of at least one unsuccessful applicant for the
Du yourself justice by bringing your Mr- A. R. McGuire, with "Little Ben" I position from Calumet Island, who has-children to Iinison's studio on » bright «me off nil right nt tho An.pr.or races tens to mr his grievances through the
X .........-	- ftc ”» 6 rrKZlTaY a ±%i." &%%%
1	‘	§ horse had nt bean in pia;ticc for some dissatisfied with the run of tilings, points
Dentistry.—Dr. Stackhouse, si\, Sur- Gme, either.	out that all the choice morsels the powers
geon Dentist, will be at Shawville on	that Ihs have at their disposal are going
Tuesday, Feb. With ; Campbell's Bay, Miss Macdonald, of the Elementary *.yof the Thomsons, the Moorhlads,
Wodnosday, Feb. 27. Parties will oblige department of the Academy, haa already t||e ckrkes, the McCuaigs, et. al., and
• rr""T**M ,	— v-***-
by, was somewhat damaged also.	More purchasing an enlargement some of these gentlemen . . Collect- ceive |,y the clearing out of the above-
J5SSSS jîfasRd	EE^ErEHt
SSxESx'Ss asEi»	p&."sin-t .5
color, hat removed also. Competition piece of the forty-odd other would-be Mow«kI by coun. Morris sec by coun
«ï””h °ry tp, *1 - T--" de“ 11 'KStoiSL.	st£î5r; s» - "**¦w
“,r «Ltr1 s se	se lizrM Ss ssn.tr jueï
except onally severe, necessitating a speeches made in honor of Canada s win	¦
heavy drain on our fuel supply in order ter game. A few more such gatherings to prevent 'things from freezing up.	would lead to a much better esprit du
in<r degrees conferred on some of the The hockey match on Wednesday night things would take time to enquire into
iunior members at the hands of their between the “outsiders u and the 4‘home the history of the cases against ahich hn
Renfrew brethren. The visitors were en- boys was very successful, though per- objections are principally aimed, he fcertained after the ceremony by the mem- baps not thoroughly scientific. A good might discover that the men whose posi-hers of Renfrew lodge, when some fifty crowd of spectators was present to view tioiia he is so envious of do not hold of the Order sat down to a dinner the game, but most of their sympathy them solely in virtue of any political thoiiuhtfullv nrovidwd. After-dinner seemed naturally to go to the home team claims they were enabled to bring to hear, bueeches were indulged in and the Shaw Promptly at 8.30 the teams lined up as hut more particularly on account of their
ville brethren report a splended time all Mlowê : Home team-Messrs K. Bur- fitness for those positions : 8,10 lf t™y ,	.	I roughs, goal; M. McGuire, point; H. have no “pull with our present political
Conklin as an impersonator n	to have the better of the play, but suc-1 ticed to gratify the demands of untried
reader is very good indeed. F	F» ceeded in scoring only once, while the ! political heelers. We are not, as most
his entertainment was a fail •	- outsiders evened the score. The second of these gentry imagine, living under the
turn date has been m vl« fo t	( half was more exciting, and though the spoils system in Canada, and every man
ture, this time under the -	1	outside men played a faster game, lack of who yells himself hoarse for Laurier &
local < Mdfellows.	training began to tell, and the home team Co., is not, ipso facto, a legitimate mark
The Rev. J. A. Lackey is the new kept their opponents’ defence very busy, for public favor.
Rector of Portage du Fort. Mr. Meyer, Time was called with honors even—five It is ou dit that a big pow wow of tho
who was to have come, has taken charge of goals to five. For the Shawville team Liberal chiefs is to take place at Bryson Boscobel, and a permanent clergyman has Lang was generally foremost, while for on Saturday of this week to discuss the been found for the more important parish the others, McDowell, perhaps, dialing- situation and that a grim determination of Portage. Mr. Lackie has just lately uished himself most. However, it was a exists among sundry of them to eschew arrived back from Moosonee, where he gentlemanly match throughout, and the I the pipe of peace unless the axe is applied has been laboring. We welcome him to I beet of good feeling prevailed. Mr. Reg- to the necks of some unfortunate office this locality and wish him God speed in gie Hodgins refereed, while Messrs. C. I holders. That advisory committee are
uni
versai malady




International
U
11
Stock Food.


iF

We have received a full line of these reliable Preparations including
International Stock Food,
Considered by competent judges to be the best and the cheapest stock food. “ It’s not what your cattle eat, but what they digest that makes them fat and healthy." International Stock Food helps digestion.
International Heave Cure,
For Heaves, Coughs, &c.
International Poultry Food,
Prevents disease and makes the hens lay more eggs.
International Worm Cure,
Purely vegetable, safe to use and effective.
Silver Pure Healing Oil,
Cures Cuts, Wounds, Bruises, &c:	The best
known remedy for Proud Flesh.



unm

i
List FridayCitizen contained the following item:
An old and highly respected resident of Nepean township, Mrs. Mary Mclnuis, relict of the late Archibald Stevnaon, died luet evening at the family residence near the tollgate, on the Merivale road. The deceased was a native of Argyleehire, Scotland, but had resided in Nepean township for many years. Her husband was a prominent farmer and a well-known resident of the district. Deceased warn the mother of Mrs. Stewart, wife of Mr. Wm. Stewart, of the city assessment department. The other members of the family are Mis Thoa McTiernan of Nepean and Mrs. Le Roy of Bryson, Que.
From the O.tawa Journal of January 30 h, we clip the following item, which, doubtless, will be read with interest, by some of our subscribers who remember the bride when ehe resided in Pontiac • ome years »go--lhen a little girl:
This afternoon at half past two o'lock the marriage took place of Mr.Gerald Fuz Gerald and Mias Ida Farrell, daughter of «he late W. B. Farrell, Erq. The cere mony was performed by Rev. Canon Poll ard. Mr. Edward FrzOerald. of Montreal, brother of the bridegroom, was beat man. The bride wore a tailor-made suit of brown cloth the reverse of the coat being appliqued in cream lace. A tique to match the costume was worn, of brown velvet and mink, with pale blue chiffm T e bride's sister, Mia# Florence Farrell, was bridesmaid, her gown being of grey cloth. Mr. and Mrs. FnzOera'd left after the ceremony for the east. On their re turn they will reside at the Gilmour.

claims on the Liberal party have not been precipitately kicked out to make for those who fancy they have been
room










111


THE DRUG STORE
?

Youv money bacHif not satisfied. SHAWVILLE.
and H, Imieon acted as umpires. | out for blood


X




###PAGE###2###





SURPRISE FOR TWO,
POPULATION OF FRANCE.
iNMrer »ee these wonders. Please go
what elite can you tell met"
"What more do you want to heart There La the pick of every sort of life for you out there. Would you
know xvhat real excitement let Then 1 shall take you to a new gold rush To begin wi/th, you must imagine yourself setting off for the field, with your trusty mate marching atep by step beside you, pick and shovel on your shoulders, and both resolved to make your fortunes in the twinkling
When you get there,
& The Man Who Knows. gf
nVWI WWW
on
T liai l'amtlrr la lhe roalllon ef a W«
iylai or « hlorofarni.
The population statistics of Inst year in France, according to M. Bertillon, lhe well known French statist, show the country to be in the same position as a man dying under the influence of chloroform. It is painless, but still it is death. The figures from which this gloomy prognostication Is drawn, prove that the births for the year were 10,000 fewer than the average for the preceding decade. The excess of births over deaths was no more than 31,394, although the numtwr of marriages was the largest recorded since The rate of increase of the French population, has been steadily diminishing for some time, and will
•r B w*m While Haal
tna Here.
A writer in Outing describes a sudden meeting between himself and e black bear, u meeting winch amused both parties, and frightened at least
one of thvm.
Th# ni iii was on a Muskoka country and one morning took a paddle and trailed along the lake shore, looking for a canoe which he had been told was beached some-
Foolishly, he left gun
Lively experience
items op interest about tub
BUSY YANKEE.
Neighborly Interest In His Doings— Matters ol Moment snd fllrth Ustheiod from His Dally Record.
men and women from different stnnd-
('11.\ V I Kit V,—-Continued.
**1 beg you will not mention it/* I plants, and enter gallantly into the "Uict lord ship thanked me suf- grtvat world and station which he is
And after all, some day to adorn."
deer hunt in the
eau!
fiole ntly himself
«ken yon look m it. it wm not very much to dix l would, however, ven- him tutor has Lately spoken to me a
la it good deal upon the subject. I must
The Americans have lost In thi Philippine# over 6,000 men.
Influenza is playing havoc with the Indians on the west coast of Alaska.
"1 had thought of that myself, and
of an eye there's the d rger c rowd, oompottd of
there's the ward-
where neui
ture one little suggestion
w*so to let him swim a » far unaccom- ow,nj it La an idea that commends it- every nationality paaied hr a bout? The same thing self strongly to me. I will think it rm and his staff, the police officers, might luppeu to him on another oc- over. And now, sir, 1 must wi«h you the shanty keepers, the blacks, and oaawm, and no one be near enough good-day. You will not let me thank dogs.
you, as 1 should have wished, for the
There are 500 hotel# and campa in the Adlrondaks receiving guests. They
ami rifle behind.
j h-- - «*¦* -..«city o, 62.000. Sevtvnty-soven marriages was the record on a recent Sunday In St. Jo
and behind this boulder the oanoe was
^-rrea'.xiëd'lt.-'Î'yl'tbe man. ''walk- ”Ph- *“?».. the Gretm Green of Chi-apparently soon have disappeared al- 0(j aroum, u on „ narrow «trip of wet, ea*0' together. The population of the conn- Mnd anJ „lmust ru„ fuul „f . full-try does not now exceed 38,000,000
‘There's the touted valley atreteh-
th render him any assistance "Uv will not attempt tto much again, service you have rendered my house, ing away to right and left of you, tic has learned a less m from this ex- ! but, believe me, 1 am none the less with the constant roar of sluice boi-per* nee. And now, Mr. Hat terns, 1 grateful. By the way, your name is es and cradles, trust you will forgive what 1 am not a common one. May l ask if you lasses,
My son has to Id me hnvw any relatives in this country!” human that you have just arrived in England "Only one at present, 1 fancy—my meovt of pegging out your claim and fn*m Australia. Is there any way 1 f%:h r's broth r. Sir William Hatteras sinking your lirai shaft, wondering ail cam Ui uf nervice to you/ If there Is, 0f Muidle#time, in the New Forest.” the time whether it will turn up and yo<u will acquaint uk* with it, you
The Carnegie Steel Company donated $10,000 to the fund that was raised
the creak ilf wind
and the perpetual noise of There's the excite-
’ grown black (war.
,	I " My last forward step was never ,
growing, has now reached 51.-1,^ t (|U}[ ,uy hw|, into the
*** ’	*	I sand like a horse refusing a
while the bear shot hick upon hams ; and there we stood, staring at
im Pittsburg for the benefit of Gab veston, Texas.
It ia said that the Mississippi river
whereas that of Germany, which is
stxmt to nay
v oices
^1B and its tributary streams are now lower than they have* been for nearly half a century.
The exports of domestic products during the last fiscal year amounted to $765.351,798, aiul increase over the
1 knew his trump* or nothing. There's » he hon
HANDSHAKING
"Ah! 1 never met k m
will be conferring u great favor upon brother Jam.vs very well in my	young-	est. manly labour from dawn to dusk. I To know how, and when,	and where I «*«ch other, each qu wring m every
inr!-’	pr j-iys. But be got into sad trouble.	And then, wh n daylight fails, and the	to shake hands, and just	when and muscle—two	motionless	figures of
poor fellow, and was obliged	to fly	lamps b g;u to sparkle over the field,	* hero not to perform this	important I amas ment.
sangs drift up the hillside from the	social function is certainly	one of the I "He was so	ci we that 1	night have .	146542.722
father, drinking shanties in the valley, and j pol to arts. It is difficult to make touched him with the paddle, but I W>U!* F	*	.. "	.
you and your mate weigh up your any ironclad rules to control in all didn't. I looked at him, and he looked	P P® y
°**»- 0n'* »nuj,t alwafe e*"clse b,a I at me'	y in r at <mr |ti UUO.OIK) by thv Hoard u,
Review. Tin assessors have increased it $10,000,000.
”1 thank yvur Grace," 1 replied—I hope with w>wc little touch of dignity —"it is very kind of you, but l could not th.nk of such a thing. But, »tayf there is one service, perhaps you could de me."
th x country."
| "You are speaking of my Î Aittd you knew him!1'
"Knew him? indeed, 1 did.
and, having done so,
And a day’s returns
better follow never stepped; but, I ke turn into your blankets to dream of I own good nense and taste, and often uj.ortt of us in those days, too wild- the monster nugget you intend to must act nolely up>n the spur of the | tack me
the morrow
I came at first and he didn't at-
"1 mm delighted to hear it, sir. And pray what may it bet"
* Y o'Ur won's tutor, Mr. Baxter ! His face its ptrangvly familiar to me. h* vc seen him borne where before, but I oanuot recall where tell use anyth.ng of his history?"
"Very little, 1 fear, save that he eeeuus a worthy and painstaking man. am excellent scholar, and wry capable iin his management of yt-ung 1 received excellent references
1 mule rather a wide turn
Isn’t that moment, there being no known pre- I round the big boulder—in fact, 1 step-
cedent to serve ns mentor and guide, ped into the lake a few times iin my Ha did not answer, but there was To all interested in this socially im- carelessness; but my feet were quite
much too wild! And so you are find u|h)d James's son? Well, well! This is in- rml l.fe for you?
Kansas, in celebration of the fiftk eth anniversary of her admission intc the l/uion as a territory, purposes to h<>id lu 1904 at Topeka, her capital city, an intercalate exposition.
The regular army of the United The greater approach to equality | States is made up (if 25 percent, ol between the sexes in iff lira of busi- | foreigners, while in (the navy 52 pel
cent, uf the petty officers and 42 poi cent, of the seamen are foreign born
Dr. Osier, of Baltimore, Md., th< famous Canadian physician, has read a paper advocating the practice of eating raw eggs and sleeping with windows upon as a cure for consumption.
The Soldiers’ and Sailors' Memorial Arch Committee has awarded the contract for erecting the Memorial Arch in Rivers id a Drive, New twaon 88th and 89th street, to Thooiaa Dwyer for $198,350.
Mr. Robert Hoe, the manufacturer of printing presses, has had a medal designed to commemorate the 500th anniversary of the birth of Gut< nberg, the imwntor uf printing, who was born at Main* in 1400.
Senator Baker, of Kansas, carries as a pocket piece a small crystalline cube of salt about an inch square. It is as transparent ns glass, and was obtained from the great salt bed* which underlie Kansas.
Sturgeon fishing, which is carrl d more largely in the Delaware river and bay than eJaewhera m the United States, is in danger of extinction, according to a recent report of the Ubi'ted States Fish Commission.
1
But. dear
deed a strange co.ncidvnce
I am forgetting; 1 must bvg a sparkle in his «yes which told me j portant theme—and wh<> should not j dry when 1 reached camp." your pardon foi hpvak.ng su candidly 1 was understood.	be so interested?—the following ob-
of your father.”	"Tlwu if you want other sorts of serrations by one specially qualified
"No offence* I’m sure.”	enterprise, there is Thursday Island, to express an opinion thereon, will
"And pray tell where my old friend wh re l hail from, with its extraordi- be found to be valuable, though not
Lot us suppose our-1 applicable, under all circumstances:
"Dead, your	Grace!	Be	was drown-	selves wandering down the Front at	"Generally when a	lady is introduc- I nepa, apart an I outdoor pleasure» is
at sea.”	nightfall, past the Kanaka billiard	ed to a stranger or	when a stranger sometimes deplored as tend ng to im-
Tha worthy	old	gentleman	seemed	saloons and the Chinese stores, into,	Ls introduced to ht\r,	she simply bows. | piir feminine daintiness and charm.
' really	d stressed	at	this	news,	lie	say,	the Hotel of	All Nation#. Who is	but in her own h >1190 she shakes I It Ls true that there ire women in
shook	his	brad,	and	1	heard	him	inur-	that	handsome* dark, mysterious fel-i	hands with every guest at	the first	whom wh home fiesh-ur breelines*
low,	smoking a	cigarette and idly !	meeting or on subsequent	occasions	and frankness becomes exaggerated
flirting with the	pretty bar girl? You	if she happens to recognize	them. As	into a mannish bluffness far from di*-
Then, turning to me again, he took don’t know him, but I do! Thore's in- these guests are often brought by sir able.
deed a history for you. You didn’t	friends to gardon	pirties, dances. I Nevertheless, those exquisite old-
doubly	notice, perhaps, that rakish schooner j etc., it Ls quite likely	that the hostess J time ladies of wh >m a * bear so much
could not, in the h yd ay of rich bro-
me,
Cuul.l you
OLD-TIME TABLE MANNERS
L* now?”
nury pvup.e
men
l
witih him, but oi his past history know verv LU le. 1 believe, h.»vwer that bf< ’
was a in-ssionury iu the South Seas for some L.ine, uud that he was afterwards for many years in India. I'm sovrry 1 cannot tell you more a b ait Inin ednco you are iutvr-ewUed in him."
•Tve met him (somewhere,
Ilia face haunts me.
mur;
Poor Jim! Poor Jim.”
my hand.
"This makes our bond a
I’m c<*r-Bui to
ii,.ii cairn to a ichor in the bay early may
HHHHHHH What lines she had! | member them afterward.
We.l, that was his craft. To-morrow
t see i*n >ugh of them to re-
strong one. You must let m
Hjw - do >uu pro» in ill (onnoon
*n
York, be-
set?
tseu
return to your non—1 hup • he .is none tihu worn* for his adventure*"
cades and sweep ug courtesies, be a compared to our golfing g.rl of to-day
more of you
IKkte remaining in England?”
"Not very much laager, l fear
already beginning to hunger for for pari in prohibited Dutch wall is. Can’t you Imagine her slinking Well, you must not go before you round the islands, watching for the
Rem ember we patrolling gunboat, and ready, dir-
icily she has passed, to slip the bay.
"When a girl is presented to
married lady, if the introduction is I without suffering in uuuy respects made by a relative of the girl, the by the comparison, married lady would not hesitate to Our girl is cleanly, sweet and rosy
She would be as a flower; pitches, paw,ter, pomade,
l shell be gone, it is whispered, to try
’Not at all, thank yvu. Owing to the oyslean 1 have adapted in h.s education, the lad La seldom ailing." "Pardon my introducing thj sub-
ain
the South agaiin.’
shake hands with her.
very apt to	do	so,	anyway,	ii she	I	.strong perfumes an l rouge made up
happened to	be	of	a gen.al,	kindly	I	much of their artifi* i 11 clut in. 1 heir
nature, but in no case must the young manners, too, were often only arti-girl put out her hand first.	ficiiliy fine, and when nature broke
"As a rule, a lady does not shake through, countesses flung candle-hands with n man on introduction, sticks across card-tables and duch-but she should do so if th t man be esses pinched their maids, presented by	his	wife or sister, or if	A few years farther back and it
he happened	to be	a member	of a	was worse still. Imagine the most
family with whom ehe was on inti- careless wayside picnic of cyclists or
have paid us a vi.it
But do yvu th nk it quite
wine to keep u yvxuth SO ignorant of s,ia^ always be pleased to see you
You know our h. use, 1 th.nk, on the skim it of its shells, and put to sea
jeet
ttM world? 1 aiu perhips rather presumptuous, but 1 cannot help feei ng tbit such a fine young follow would be all thJ bettor for a few compau-iona."
"You hit me on rather a tender hand, dt parti d
again. So me limas they’re chased—
c. if. Good-day, sir, go d-day
ili old gentleman ac- and i h u? ’
Whit th nf”
5>o sayuiig companivd me downstairs to his car-
i

a clean pair of heels or trouble with the authorities, and pos-Again 1 had cause to ponder on the sibly a year in a 1 hitch prison before
"Well
riagv, arul, shaking me warm.y by ihe
spot, Air. Hat ter as. But, as yju have been frank with eue, 1 will be frank	strangeness of the fate	that had led	you’re br. u;ht to trial!	Or Wi uld you
WiUh yvu. 1 am one	of those strange	me to Hampshire—fir»t	to Inc village	do a p. til ling trip in	leas exciting
boungs who gjveru their lives by the- whare my father was born, and then but moro honest fa.-h.on? Would you 1 was bovnight up by my father to Bournemouth, where by saving ship aboard a lugger with five good 1 must tell you, in a fashi. *n totally this young man’s life 1 had made a companions, and go a-cruising down different from that	1 am cm pi y in g	firm friend of a man who again had	the New Guinea coast,	working hard
1 feel	new that 1 was	known my father. By	such small	Gall day long, ond lying	out on deck at
t rampera* for which such cautions os
"When people have been introduced I table manners as were published in to one R noth or it sometimes happens 1573 (or the ladies of England could
mate term*.
on
orna»
that they are puzzled as to whether | necessary! t hey shoul I sh ike hinds upon parting or at a future meeting. Generally a | table, bow is all that is necessary, but if
•'Do not lean your elbows on the
i
Mr. Wm. F. Cochran* the carpel
manufacturer of Yonkers has given $125,000 to the Hollywood Inn. The
to be used in adding another
with my son
allowed a dangerous amount of lie- coincidences are the currents of our u.ght, smoking and listening to the And what was the result? I, Lives diverted
• Discover not by any ravenous gee-
two ladies meet thus and they have ! turt, yi;Ur angry app Lie, nor fix your common friends or relatives it is eyes too greed.ly ou the meat before deemed an expression of cordiality to y0lli a3 if yOU would devour more than
lip-lap of the water against the count-That game after muon, while tacking er, or spinning yarns of all the
case
mixed with every one, was pampered and f altered far beyond what was slowly down the bay, 1 met the Mar- world?’ goud for me, derived a false notion quis. He was pulling himself in a q< my own importance, and whan I small skiff, and when be saw me he
money i*
building bo the inn, which was presented to Yonkers by Mr. Cochran.
your throat can swallow.
"In bidding adieu to one's hostess! ' [)o not eat spoon meat so hot that tit is ni ways the proper thing to shake t hi* tears stand in your eyes or that hands, but In parting from a number you thereby betray your intolerable of friends at once it is exceedingly ab- greediness.
surd to shake hands ail round, being “Kill nut your mouth so full that not only embarrassing for th ; one w ho y0ur cheeks shall swell like a pair of is departing, but to those who are seotch bugpipws.
inflicted with the wholesale hand- “ft is uncivil to rub your teeth in
shake hands in parting.
What else?”
Why, what more do you want? camio tu man's estate was, to all in- made haste to come alongside and Do you hanker after a cru se aboard tents and purposes, quite unprepared fùich on. At first i wondered a stinking beche-de-mer boat inside and unfitted to undertake the duties whether it would not be against his the Barrier Reef, or a run with the
Its value is $200,000
It is proposed to place a tablet in the old Fitchburg Railroad station, of Boston, to comnm raorate the fact that it was there that Jenny Lind sang
the United
father's wishes that he shoa.d enter sandalwood cutters or tortu.Svshell
and responsibilities of my position
rFortunately i had the «wit to see unto conversation with sucu a worldly gatherers to New Guinea; or do where the fault lay, and there and person as myself. But he evidently you want to go ashore again and try thon 1 resolved that if ever 1 were saw what was passj.i^ in my mind, an overland.ng trip half across the
for the first tin** m States, the big station being then the only place in Boston large enough to accommodate the crowds that came
company, or to pick them at or after •'A la It does not shako hands witbj g**!# with your knife or otherwise." bia or her departure unless
shaking
blcisj**! w th u son, 1 would conduct aaid banished ail doubts by saying, h.K education on far different linos.
contint nt, riding behind your cattle I have been on the look-out for	all day long, and stand.ng your watch
not met	a	dozen	you, Mr. Batteras. My father has	at night under dripping boughs, your
His	education	given me peimission to cultivate your	teeth chattering in your head, wait-
His	acquaintance, if you will allow me.”	ing for the bulls to break, while
"I shall be very pleased,” I an-	every moment you expect to hear
you come aboard	the Hu ay ip calling in that lonely warm not going out	ter-hole beyond the fringe of Mulga
scrub?”
to hear her.
William Richardson, Gen. Wheeler’s
These suggestions being addressed
a man on
Mj boy has strangers in his life, baa been my tender est care position, his duties towards his fel-
the responsibilities of his awered. “Won’t
he be an old friend or relative.
‘ It should be remembered that in | not surprising to fini the little girls
with bowing, the
to mothers and young ladles, it is
successor Ln Congress, was once sentenced to be hanged as a Confederate e - He had been taken a prisoner of war, escaped, and was re-taken in the company of a notorious spy
sentenced to be hanged with the
—•'the female younger sort,” as they
are quaintly called—adjured to avoid
smacking their lip* in eating, putting both hands to th ir mouths at once, gnawing their meat, gorging gluttonously, or coming to table with unclean hands and face*, is admirable, and was doubtless not superfluous.
handshaking, lady takes the initiative, but the hand should never be extended nor bow given unless it is expected and will be immediately reciprocated.
• There is one rule that is cast-iron, and that refers to a man shaking hands with a lady whose hands are ungloved; be must invariably remove the glove from his right hind, and
circumstances,
as
spy
lo w -men,
rank, have always been kept rigor- and have a chat?
He has been the bay this afternoon.”
the
X
He
ou&sly before him. bought up to unV.vrstand that to be
was
spy but an unexpected attack by Gen. Forest resulted im his rescue.
You make me almost mad with
He clambered over the side d a Duke it» not to b- » titled nonentity seaLed bimiselt in the well, clear of longing."
or u pampered rou
! he advice
but to be one
And yet, somehow, it doesn’t
the boom, as nice-loaking and plca-wjKNSi Providence his bl 1 with a yUUng fellow as any man could	eo fine when you're at it. It’s
opportunity of benefiting	Wltih ^
watch-jng ovior the welfare uf tho*.e tjluUg^t to my8ejfs “if all peers were
less fortunate than himself in the ^ ^ boy there’d be less talk of H*lul	lhllL >'1>u kel its real
W "He’* h^nfexaggerated idea of •‘•oli.hio, .he House uf Lord. "	Th™ il ca“ 10 l° "turn
b G own importance ; u humbler lad. "Y” «“'*	be*°
J feel justified in saying, you would linking over all you told me the
nowhere find. He ku, been edu- oU,w	he >*«*“ when we were
oated thoroughly, and he has all the fnirly on our "ay
bent traditions of his race kept con- tel1 me more ab"ut AuslrilU and the
tiniLilly before his eyes. Hut you
mu t not imagine, Mr. Hatteras, that
beciuve he has not mixed with the
would he in ignorant of its tempta-
Ho may not have come into
1 when you com- to look back upon it all from a d..stance of twelve thou-
•'Well,
an
set eyes on.
To Know La Grippe.
never, under any shake ban la with his hand gloved when a lady's hand is uncovered,'
in ev,-ry rustle of the leaves ashore, Ln thj blui4 of the sky above, in the of the waves upon the beach.
The Symptoms and Dangers of the Deadly Epidemic Which is Driving so Many to
Beds of Sickness—Effective Treatment
Described.
DESTRUCTION BT TRAINS
r-PP
A .id .1 tats . nto your heart, >o th
A signal man wiith a turn for natural
you bt g.n to th.nk you will never be I history has shown once again the ex, happy till you re back in the old teat of the destruction wrought by tumultuous devil-may-car a existence | trains. He has kept a list, which
again.*
1 want you to
life you lead out there, if jou will ‘TM tell you all 1 can with plea-
But you ought
though necessarily not exhaustive is And immensely long, of the victims along a stretch of lime about three miles, than the dull monotony of our exis- The List Includes cats, foxes, dogs, tence here in sleepy old England.” hundreds of rats, rabbits, a cow, a "Don't you b lieve it. If you want- ah.*ep, an adder, a long eared bat, a There is also hoarseness, inflamed air
? tU	1 could tell you of Mge'hog ami thousand, of frogs.	Zla
dozens of mi n. living exactly the sort	Among	the birds are	a kingfisher, a	diarrhoM. The one unmistakable fea-
of life I’ve described, who would only	ktatrel	hawk,	rooks	and night-jars, '	lure of la grippe is the depressed spir-
too willingly oblige you. No, no! Be-	to say nothing	of the more familiar	its and weakness and debility of the
lier. ma. you've got chance, of doing	BPec‘®®>------------ ----	‘"with the very youug, and very old
til.Jigs we> could never dream of. Do	ANTICIPATED.	and with persons of low vitality, the
dangers of la grippe, are very great.
Something about the Frenchman Pneumonia of a violent and fatal form too well known an a looted me to distrust him cordially. Is a frequent result. U is also claim- cbitifl and severe chwt co.ds to neeq Accordingly, wh»*n he remarked; j ed that very many cases of oonsump- comment. Dr.	¦	' ‘I?e
You cl.mb se Matterhorn? Zat tion can be directly traced to la grippe. 1 eeeks out the weak epoks in the system
was a great fo >t 1	j The after-effects of La grippe are most , and buUds them up. It rekindles th#
I did not <ay;	-	, often felt in the nervous system. The vitality of persons weakened by die-
Feat you mean, monsieur l	extreme debility in which this disease ease, worry, or over-exertion, andean*
Which would enable him to exclaim; leaves it» victim is more than most not poeetbly be equalled as s rester* Ab ! Zen you .«limb him more as nervous systems can endure—paralysis atlve anxf reonnatructant to hast en re* once !	or prostration follows.	oovery from U grippe, and to prevent
Instead, 1 looked him squarely in The most successful doctors advint isrbua constitutional complication*
th** eye until he quailed and slunk their patients to avoid exposure te _______________
sway.	coki or over-exertion, and recommend Baton» & Coeapaej, Toronto
sure,” I answered to go amis ii placi s and things for yourself.
telling. 1 wish 1 cuu.d take you up and carry you off away down to where you can make out the greotn islands peeping out of the water to port and star board, like bits of the Garden of Eden gone as-
floated out to sea. I'd like
Chill followed by fever, quick pulse, both general and local treatment,vuch
:rz
©les, mark the begimnmgiof ].t grippe, pontine to iooien the cough and pio-
tect the bronchial tubes and lur.71 fxum threatened complications.
Any honest and conscientious doctci wi.il tell you that this combined trea. • ment, recommended by Dr. Chase cannot be surpassed as a means of n ». v-Liwr and curing U grippe, and restoring the weakened and debilitated, body to its accustomed vigor. Dr. Chase 4 Syrup of Ltswëed and Turpentine \i *	- -* cure for bron-
What
a life you’ve led!
how much more to b<* envied it seems
That's better than any
peroonal contact with them, but he has been warned against their inaid L us influences, nod 1 shall trust to his personal pride and good instinct s to help him to withstand th in
with me now;
when be has to encounter them him-
Now, what do you think of my 1 ril^ un<1
•elf
you to smell the breezes that come
plan for making a nobleman?”
•‘A very good one, with such a youth as your aon, I should think, your Grace; but I would like to make one	J H
suggestion, if you would allow met" retif- 0r al '‘nother time to get inaide that selfsame reef and look down
Id let him travel though the -till, transparent water. J	“ mUCb l° r°Ur falher
off from them towards evening, to
hear the 'trades' wh.sUing overhead, Lhem' thHD' “nd ,et tbc other «°- But
and the thunder of the surf upon the aU Ule 8ame- 1 thmk ou«ht to
see more of the world I've told you
of before you settle down. In fact,
"And that in?”
“That you nhr.
before he mettles down. Choose some fit person to accompany him. bt*m bare introductions to good p o-ple abroad, and let him use them;
then be will <!• rWe different impree- ! "Oh, it must be Lovely! And to' will.” sioof froar different couv tries. view think that I may lire my life and


at the rainbow-coloured fish dashing
He said that you had spoken of it to him. Oh, how I wish he would
Iamong the coral boulders, in and out of the most brauti. ul fairy grottos
let me go!”
”Somehow, d'you know, I think he
the braittu of man can conceive.”

To BB Continued.
X
v


###PAGE###3###









it to remain until quite late in the full, then level it oft spring, there will be very little dam-^ age done l>y them. Each ywur during the winter the trees should be pruned, out ting buck about one-third of the new growth. When they come into (Upon the character of the soil and bearing thin the fruit while jrnall to Uy of the land depend» the manner In improve the quality and help the tree, which land should be ploughed to give the beet results as regards production •nd ease in cultivation. By far too many farmers do not give these portant matters sufficient considéra-
VICTORIA HOSPITAL
A post card with your and address will bring you fros samels of
#
m»

GET OUT OF THE RUT — Stop using “any old thing" In the tine of to*.
Insist on having
til the nest
On the Farm.
•ril
!
FOR CONSUMPTIVES.
x:
win mm tea.
“For tiol’s Mltr, «toft We e Flue» le
lie la.*
Theme words were uttered a few w«* ka ago by a per fellow as he lay osi bis * tea t h-bed un a hotel at Orar-eohuret. A week before he had traveled a whole day to reach the Senator urn. but cm medical examination i^t warn f<Mind that the disease, oou-•Omptkwi, was too far advanced to admit him. He tried to get 'board in (Inmnhurst un<i finally after re-I* a ted failures, secured ad misai m to <*!«• of the hotels. He moon became worse and the resident physician of thi* Sanatorium was called in. When it Ucariw known th.it he had consumption, it was found Imiwssible to get attendants , to wait on him through fear of contag.on. The hostler of the hotel was asked to help ami on his refusal he warn offered $1 a day extra, but preferred to g.ve up his position rather than expose himself, as h; thought, to the danger of Infection from the patient.
I he physician frouu iho Sanatorium bid to p\rform lhe duties of nurse and maid as well as his own. When Hue prxr fellow found tbit the management of I he hotel wished to get him out be begged the doctor for God's sake to get him a place to die in. The, doctor looked after h'rn for aoinc days, remaining with him on his last visit until one o’clock in the
WHY DEAD FURROWS ARE NOT
WANTED.


As a combination of quality, flavour and strength IT HAS NO EQUAL
Lead pkgs,
0 HI Y LON ORHBM TBA.
'‘S.ilada,*’ Toronto
25. 3». 4°. 50 & 60c

DIFFICULTY IN CHURNING
The root of all discontent 1» sell*
love.—J. F. Clarke.
ME SENT IIEH TO JE1MCH0.
Dr. Stubbs, a dignified London bishop, was once importuned by a woman who, knowing of his travel» |ln the Holy Land, kept on asking him what places she ought to visit, as aim was starting on a trip to Palestine. After answering numerous an-no;.r,g and useless questions, ho was again asked; Hut, really, what place would you advise me to go tof To Jericho, madam, said the bishop sweetly.
During cold weather ono of the
chief difficulties in butter making re-
from hard fat granules and tion. Some practice ploughing nearly cr„nm wltb a bigh .isooe.ly^^*
•JJ the land in narrow strips, leaving
deep, dead furrows shout 8'> ft. or less
UNATTAINABLE FIELDS.
Have you ever thought of the people who might 1m* inhabiting the planets In distant space f
No, answered Mr. Crumroz. What's the use f We couldn't get at them to sell them goods or civilize them.
tm-
$100 Reward, $100.
The readere of thl* paper will be pi rawed ta learn i bet there In a- lee*' one dreed* d due ms that •* leuoe ha* bee • able to cure In ell ltd *t**e* and D el le Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh ( l e ie the only poiitive mre bow known ta the me Heal raierniiy. Catarrh bring a rone-titulionei di-eaee, rquirt*. » comutui u.nel treiimenf. Hell'e Catarrh Cure ie ink n internally, acting dmotly upon the hood xnl mucous surf acne uf the ey»tem, thereby d trnying the foundnUo i of the die»e e. end, giving I» e pitlleni airef-gth by building up the < oneut u? ion and a* Wing nature In doing ltd wora. The proprieto e mve •<» much faith le l e * uratlre power*, that they offer ne Hundred Imliare for any ca*r tn*t It fell# to our#k Bend for list of te.t monial
K J.( liK.NKY&CO., Toledo<k
These
conditions are more common in the
winter mont hi than at any ol h-upart. XV hen the soil is naturally wet ^ time, and when cow* are somewhat
•	nd heavy this proves beneficial, aa it advanced in lactation. The character giws k<«h1 nui face drainage, but it cf the feed also has something to do kvaves the surface in an extremely with this. The difficulty can be reme-bnd condition for use of crop gathering died by using feed of a more sufficient machinery, as the jolting and wear character, diluting the
•	nd tear of machinery and jerking warm water or a very weak brine about of team and man are WSBfieome
to say tb* ’east. Besides, when any
portion of the crop falls into one of
those deep furrows it is difficult to
secure.
LIFE'S COMPLICATIONS.
A man ought to mind his own huai-ness don't you .think?
Yes; but there are men whose business it' is to mind other neople’s business.
cream with

I
Care must be taken in diluting, not to carry this too far, as the cream will be thin and hard to churn. Warm-

HOTEL LIFE.
Jackson—What time do yon wake up in thr morn ng usually f
Jimson—Four o’clock.
Jackson—Great early f
Jimson—I board at a hotel, that’s the hour the man in the next room goes to bed.
F
Hold by druggi* », 75c.
Hall * Ktmiiy Pill* are the beat
The White Piajac.
Lng of the cream gradually several
hours before churning will also aid Land that mjulrea deep, dead fur- in the ^jedUm of butter tat
rows for drainage ahould be thorough-	happens that the cream will
ondcrdraiued, then dead	¦¦
The fewer airs some musicians can play the more they put on.
POP OVER FIFTY YEAR»
and MRS WINSLOW'S SOOTHING BYRTfiP h e twee
Uhtnl t>jr Uio nertfor th' ir clu.dr-n teething.	_
thi*ch 111 ioftene th«- gum*. »nay*pa.a,- u e* wind uo to# »iid i s the lieet remedy for d srrhoe*, 36c » bo; tie. Hold by ell drugyieiâ throughout the world. Be euro end 1er “lire W widow • HooiSiiig nyrup."
It
snakes 1 Why bo
1	,[1	PJJ furrows have to be heated as high as 75 or
would not be required, and nine times W) deg to churn well. Do not beat any In ton it is only a portion of the field
In which dead furrows arc necessary, other things being equaUbe lower the However, unless ploughed In patches, temperature at which the cream can the whole field is cut up with furrows, be churned, the higher the quality of resulting in a greater loss than if the the butter, whole field was ploughed level. Hut little grata or other crops grow in the deep furrows, and what does is neually stunted.
ONE-SIXTH OF AIL DEATHS DUE TO
CONSUMPTION.
It soothes
than is absolutely necessary
more
11» !»»»«« »|i»res .%# f’latt—lllrli nml Vonr Hike Full |m ilrtlm — How This IIrent# Truiible Hny Ue Prevented.
A HORRIDLY PRACTICAL GIRL.
He—Y cm r life shall be filled with sunshine.
She—Yes, but how shout lamplight ?
Can you undertake to keep the oil can filled V
A pessimist is a person who doesn't exjM'ct the expected to happen.
MONTitAL HO I IL OllgQTMY
The “ Balmoral," Freo Sue
AjfthUE house-™»;-mjTsa
per as#.
Consumption has been well named the great white plague. One-sixth of all the deaths occurring in Canada annually are due to the ravages of this terrible disease Its victims are found
»
The p or sufferer was
morning.
found dead next day in hw bed and beyond the need of further help.
FEED FOR COLTS.
Tj[T to otio year of age, colts may he given daily grain to the amount of 3 lbs. A large part of this should be oats. iWhen about two years old, Prof. Henry suggests about 5 lbs daily and when from two to three years odd the amount may be increased to 8 lbs. With this grain feed there must be a Liberal allowance of buy, straw and corn fodder. Do not allow the colt to have ail it will eat of this, as there is a tendency to overload the digestive tract. Be sure that plenty of outdoor exercise is given when the feed is liberal.
Telegrams had been sent to h s friends, and his sister reached Graven hurst only in time to take away tjki dead bjdy of her brother.
Various proposals ha vu V en made to erect uni table structures to commemorate our late beloved Queen. When her DLa m/uu-d Jubilee was cels-
BUYING THINGS.
Engagements never should be long.
Ye swmins who go to court
Take heed! The long engagement’s wrong—
It keeps a fellow short.
The whole field should be ploughed level or without dead furrows. When harrowing and seeding has been completed, take a one-horse plough and fallow along the lowest portions or the natural water course. This will prove effective and you will have only one shallow furrow to contend with instead of a perfect network of them. One other great mistake many farmers make la to throw the furrows several years In succession toward the fence, often leaving the soil at that point a foot higher than where the fence I» located. This earth is usually thrown in so far that it cannot he
among all classes; rich and poor Mike succumb to its insidious advance.
Only a few years ago the victim of consumption was regarded as incurable, and horror stricken friends watched the loved one day by day fade away until death came as a merciful release. Now, however, it is j bra ted four years ago large hospital known that taken in its earlier stages j undertakings were begun in London consumption in curable, and that by j and elsewhere with her special sano a proper care of the blood—keeping tion as the boat expression of ift rich, red and pure—those who are the nation's congratulations. To pre-diHpwed to the disease escape its ' make it Universal, «hilling con tribu-ravages. Consumption is now classed ; lions were called for. among the preventive diseases, and The National Sanitarium Associa-
No matter how changeable a man may be he always wants a little mors change.


1 -
W. P. C. I06t

CALVERT'S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
A PLEASANT
DISAPPOINTMENT.
For all skin ailments.
J. C. Calvert A Go., Manohaatsr, England
Music
Teachers
Wanted
A rh ltenhain Man is Agrwabl) Surprbed—'In Old drudge
It Wanted Explain In*.
Como let e Oata-lo;u§ of Sheet
K u >lo and Seeks with Special rates of dleeount
those who are pale, easily tired, ema- tion his now proviled a place in ciatcd, or show any of the numerous j G raven burst for patients who are symptoms of general debility should j able to piy, and this has proved its
hundreds of
Two rival manufacturers of French
before	The
only true way is to at one ploughing took up one of the contestants1 empty
turn the furrow to the fence, then tins
turned back with the plough. The
Paid.
i. “I do not consider.” allirined the judge, "that this is an honest label. On
- -*—-	.t K^csya-Srirs 2s
takes years to again get a field level letters—in very small letters—you print,
that has been ploughed in this hit- A Compound of Chicory,' etc.”
The person thus addressed mused for a
moment Then he said, quite meekly, If a field ut nearly square, or two „jjut wm j„ur lordship kindly explain
sides axe parallel, it is bul little trou- to the jury by what means you dutiable to commence In the middle of the guish between the front and the back of
a round tin?”—London Tit-Bits.
at once fortify the system by enrich- usefulness by saving
and purifying the blood—thus ; lives since it was opened three years strengthening not only the lungs, but | -go. A free hospital for poor path
•jots if ho w n not piy and who are Among those who have escaped a ! in the early stages of the disease is threatened death from consumption is now in process of erection near the Mrs. Robert McCracken, of Marsh- , Sanatorium.
ville, Ont. Mrs. McCraken gives her j VICTORIA HOSPITAL FOR CON-
BUMPTIVE&
To* rfunxl up this work the Nation-
WHALEY, ROYCE & Co.
iss Vonge St.
a-t the next ploughing turn it all back

ing

Hr Turner At er n 'wrrM-fal F.fTort tw crt HKI of One t.neinv HmU llisl In Owing no lie ha* |mi t« ny Another.
all parts of the body
f
Snumge Casing* New Importance* finest Eng I la»
Hh*vp m,(l Ameriran Hog C »lnga—reliable good» al riaht p, ice*. PARK. BIACKV\ ELL A CO., Toroot*
and-raiss way
Cheltenham, Ont., Feb. 4. (Special). — A fortunate mm, indeed, is Mr. Charles Turner of this place. For years Mr. Turner has been suffering with kidney disease. It gave him great pain, and for the last two or three years rheumatism has added to bis already heavy burden of sickness, and he has seldom known an hour fr« e from pain. Not associating the rheumatism with the Oid kulney trouble,
STREET METAL douqlas Bros.,
124 Ad. laide Ht,
CORNICES
experience that it mn/ be of benefit to some other sufferer. She says:
"A few years ago I began to ex per- j al Sanitarium Association desire to tenue a general weakness. My appe- build a no' hr h spit a I. u ar Toron-tite was poor; I was very pale; was : to, for incurable consum.ptinres. W hat troubled with shortness of breath and | better memoir Lai could be erected than
a "Victors hôpital" for such cases!
Toronto, Ong,
field, turning the soil at all times toward the center. The next ploughing,
JUBILEE «?
nlor Manual fo#
rand Jnbileo containing
—— Lbatisremi s te loer 1 eneflts of the Jubilee. Prfoe
D. A J. Sidll er A Co., MontrwL
J
Fill Ml
loneble
throw toward the fence by going Bishop Trotter—Hubble on the commit-
axound the field, cou ru* ncing at the tHÎ Do you think so? I	fear the
root of tliv matter Is not in him.
, .	Her. Dr. Golly—I find him foremost in
plough in stripe or lands, make them gf^d workg bisbop.
wide as possible, and after plough- “The man lacks reverence. Why, he
Log each dead fuxrow at once, turn shakes hands with me ns if 1 were an—
an—assistant ministerT'—Exchange.
»l*t 'h* livty in Kilning Vi# 10c each #7.50 per bun lrud
aide. If it is absolutely necessary to

PILE CURE A lrisl pavage of Coi'» PoStiM
Cure fur Pile* wiU be sen- free U an# addrem* on reœipt of two cent lamp No knife, M greaey wire. Address, THE HUTUH1NO MEDIUAE CO., Toronto, OmL
a smothering feeling in my chest
Besides these symptoms 1 became I All the large cities, t*£ course, will
very nervous, at times dizzy and j have their «talue o*f tho Queen, but an<^ despairing of curing the form* r, faint, and my hands and feet would j this will uot be a national under- Turner bought and used Dodd's gg as told as ice. As the trouble biking, progressed I began to lose flesh rap- We can, however, have the ”\ic- kidney trouble. lie used a few boxes, idly, and in a short time was only a , tor La Hospital*' under the auspices of an*i [he pain in his back kept getting shadow af my former self. 1 had the. National Sanitarium As» ciation, h*ss and less, and finally went away, good medical treatment, but did not and this might bu built by con tribu- | Jkll the unpleasant symptoms of kidney get relief, and as a harsh cough set Li in I began to fear that consumption ! village and town could send to it fltill more strange to Mr. Turner, iiu
had fastened itself upon me
strengthened by a knowledge j fit by a memorial to the Queen, t# rheumatism
back two light furrows, one on each side, into the dead furrow. The pro-cetis of harrowing and drilling will
make the land quite level. Of course] An appetizing way of serving pork this is only possible with stubble land is to boil a small leg for an hour,remove the skin and surround with sage A side-hill plougl is a good impie- and onion stuffing. Roost for an ment to use for level ploughing. You hour and a half to two hours, basting can commence at one side and throw constantly, and during the last half all the land in one direction, Some of hour dredge it with two ounces of these equipments are very simple,and finely powdered crumbs mixed with a the moldboard can be changed from tablespoon of powdered sage. Serve right to left or vice versa while the with good rich gravy and plenty of team is turning around. To level up an apple sauce, unequal surface, they are Just the
thing
CHENILLE CURTAINS
Kidney Pills to try and dispose of the

NICE WAY TO SERVE PORK
sod all kind* of house lliingiof», slso
DYED & CLEANED LIKE NEW.
LACE CURTAINS
Write to us shout yours.
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO., Bex 1SS,Montreal
or land free from sod
« from all over Canada
Everjr tjvcblt disappeared, and what, was
It Will Pay You

. '•*ieurn »11 your Produce to the
Dawson Conur^iion Go. Limited
Cor. Col borne sud West Market Toronto. They » ill get y eu bi^besi possible prices.	-—
This j consumptive pate nts an 1 thus best- has not sinye bcx.ii boiheied with


was
that several of my ancestors had died j which they haw contributed of this terrible disease. in this
He is so grateful for the miraculous
Humanity demands that something results of tho treatment that he has be done ; self-protection (be* n cheerfully te l ng his friends and
Voot> i Photoengraving
j.l. Jones Lag C? #
%s io sotLAiotMw Toronto:
rather deplorable condition I was ad- should
vised to try Dr. Williams'* Pink Pills, against the danger of contagion de- neighbors his experience I at once procured a supply and had	manda that something de doue; but	"Dodd's Kidney Pills have cured me of
not taken them long when I noted a	the wry doing of thirj by exciting	a long standing case	of kidney rheu-
There	was	that	upon	his	breath	change for the better. By the time 1	dread of the disease makes it more	matism, and although	I took the pills
which shocked	her.	0	John	I she	cried	had taken six or eight boxes 1 was	difficult for its hopeless victims to	for the kidney trouble	I was surprised
In planting a peach orchard it is	our married life has been happy so far,	able to move around the house again	receive the attention	necessary to	to f.nd	tk.it ua**n th s disease w as
well to set the trees 18 or 30 ft apart	[>u[ novv ; see a cloud arising no big-	and felt better and stronger in every	enable them to die in	peace.	cured	the rheumatism also disap.	„iofTJJ", eîfera*r.tt’Jur	<ïfî'1111	“*kM	***
each way. One acre set 18 ft will re-	ger than a man's hand which-	way. I continué the use of the pills	"For God's Bake, get	me a place to	peared.	This waa over a year ago and j
quire 131 trees, while at 20 ft only	Not as big as a man’s hand, John	until I had taken a dozen boxes, when	die/' to b call that should bo no long-	1 have	not been troubled since. Ij
108 will be required. The land for a	interrupted huskily. 1 only had about	[jmo strength and vigor	er left unanswered.	Your dollar	used in	all six boxes, lhe first two	wh e quick.	J. L Ni.h	^ a	Co,	Publishers, Torontol
toer	bad returned, and I waa a, weU as will b ip to aunwer it.	*»• did no, appear to do me an, c —
Contributions are already coming S00f(» hut 1 persevered and the result
is that I am now a healthy man.”
He says
SHORT ONE FINGER
QUEEN VICTORIA.
STARTING THE PEACH ORCHARD.

*
»
t s few more agent*




I

peach orchard should be well drained, 00 that water will not stand on or the surface. The soil should be

and Sheet Metal Works.
ROOFING SI.ATR, in Black, lei or Green SLATR BLACKBOARDS (We^.pylg
I	| wpo recogniy. j	SB
rheumatism as what it really is, a ings, Toronto. tl«>nv by our 6ro). Meubl Oilinsi, Oof.
....	j.	.,	mew. etc. K tim.itee furnished for werii complet* or fer
•ymptOUl Of iulney disease, there is nmterial» ahipp- d to any p*rt of the oountnr. PhoM ISIS.
D DUTNIE A SONS, Adelaide A Wldmerits.,T
ever. During the time 1 was using the pills my weight increased twenty-pounds. Several years have since passed, and in that time not a symptom of my formai' trouble has made itself apparent, eo that l think 1 am
AGRICULTURE IN CHÎNA

in for thin much-needed under ta k-
Of course, to those
well cultivated before the trees are In spring Chinese peasants build set and the places where they are to dikes of mud, three to six feet high, stand thoroughly dug up for a apace to keep tha rainwater in the ricefields of 3 or 4 ft. A little bone meal, about Most of their time in summer is spent 1 pt, worked into the noil for sach tree io pumping or bringing water into In advisable.
Do not set the trees too deep and be oarefufl to spread the roots and firm
the soil well among them. Pouring Clarence—Clarissa, 1 hope you won't in a pail of water when the hole has allow' yourself te be deeply unhappy been half-filled will serve to settle over the breaking of our engagement, the soil about the roots, besides giv- Clarissa—Oh, I won't be unhappy, ing the moisture needed by the tree. Clarence ; I'm in such a social rush I After it has settled away fill up the won’t have time.

i rig
six
Those desirous of helping may remit
to
(nothing wonderful about Mr. Turner’s Toronto, experience. Dodd's Kidney Pills always cure Kidney Trouble, and with it Rheumatism, Sciatica, Lame Back, Neuralgia, Heart Troublç, Dropsy, Diabetes, Bright’s Disease and any of the other miny forms in which it may and often does appear.
W. J. GAGE.
Treasurer
Note.—Editor of this paper will be glad to receive and forward contribution for this purpose.
safe in saying that my cure is per-
1 believe Dr. Williams’ Pink


these fields.
manent
Pills saved my life, and I strongly advise ailing women tp give them a

(THE DEAD ROMANCE CURE

trial.”
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills are a Ionic and not a purgative medicine. They enrich the blood from the first dose to the last and thus bring health and strength to every organ in the body. The genuine pills are sold only in boxes with the full name, “Dr. Wil-Pink Pills for Pule People,”*
JUST SO.
Akinside, seeking to sponge medical advice—Doctor, everything I eat distresses me terribly what can I keep on my stomach without paining me!
Old Doctor Grimm—Your hand.


Debentures.
some

Dignity consists not in possessing honors, but in the consciousness that we deserve them.—Aristotle.
Tell me
Debentures for $ioo and I upwards are issued for terms 1 of one, two, three, four or five I years. Coupons are attached I for interest from the date on I which the money is received at I four per cent, per annum, pay- I able half-yearly.	r	•
INVESTIGATION SOLICITED. I
»
hole and cover with leaves or straw far & mulch. Before transplanting, always cut beck severely all of the branches and the top of the main fltalk should be taken off. Train the tree by pinching off the ends of the growth occasionally during the
SOCIAL RIVALRY.
Has your wife much social ambition!
Social ambition! When she read about Lady Oursons elephant party in India she said if she knew where she could rent some whales she’d give a whale party.
Tf CP IK A COLD IN OVB BAT
r»ke lAXfttif* Bromo Quin me Tablet*. All dnifftole refund the money if ii fail* ta «ira. A W, Groves'
lia me
printed on the wrapper. If your dealer cannot supply you s**nd direct to the Dr. Williams* Medicine Co., Brock-ville, Ont., and the pills will De mailed post paid at 50 cents a dox, or six
boxes for #150.
AS TO RAISING THINGS.
Wigwag—Hello 1 Hardoppe. Raising a beard, eh I
Hardoppe—Yes; it's easier than raising the price ot a shave every day.
Some people seem to think that they have an inherent inability to make mistakes.
new
first season, if they do not seem to be growing compact enough to make a well-formed head. After the tree begins to show new growth apply the fertiliser, which may be one
of the commercial fertilisers for growth, not for fruit, or it may be ashes and cottonseed meal or well
The Canada Permanent * Western Canada Mortgage Corporation.
Ceylon and India Tea
GREEN OR BLACK.
EUROPE’S SOCK LESS ARMIES.
French soldiers, when in active service, do not wear socks and Russian soldiers wear bondages on their feet instead of socks.
PECULIAR SET OF FURNITURE.
Perhaps the oddest suit of furniture in the world is owned by a certain hotel keeper. For many years he has made it his business to collect match boxes, of which he has now a collection of 4.000. He ordered a skil led cabinet maker to equip a H’m, replied the thoroughly prac- with furniture made uf these boxes. Gcal person. I had heard something The outfit consists of a writing tab!.
to the effect that you were out. Might w£tb smoking apparatus, a fire screen,
a cabinet, a chair and other smaller
articles.
Ofll cm i Tarante St., Tarante.
German
the most nutritious.
EPPS’S
rotted stable manure.
The mulch may used again after
the trees have been fertilised and will | am out of politics, said the state*-to keep the soil moist. Peach or- man firmly, chards should be well-cultivated during the growing season sometimes troublesome, but if care Is taken V> pttll the dirt up around the I inquire whether it was a ca-e of tree early in the season mod allow got or pat I

Because of their Purity and Cleanliness British grown teas are becoming mere popular every day. Don’t drink impu: e and doctored Japan or China tea any longer. Insist that your grocer furnish you with the delicious, palate-pleasing teas of
A QUESTION OP VERBS


room
GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.
COCO
Borers are
CETLOIsT -AJSTZD INDIA.
BREAKFAST -SU

¦


11
###PAGE###4###
K
Farmers, Attention !
THE EQUITY.
THE MARKETS.
FEBRUARY
SALE
the McCormick
SHAW VILLE.
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
• • • SHAWVILLE • • •
SH AWV1LLE, FEB. 14, 1901.
Wheat, (standard) 70 to 7Ac Oats per bushel, 23 to 20e.
Sir Mackenzie Rowell has given notice | *>CAae P°r bushel, 0ft\
Buekw heat, (0e. per bush.
Kggs, per dozen, 15c.
Rutter, per pound, 17 to 18c. Wool, per pound, 16 to 18c. Pelts, each, 00 to 75c.
Turkeys, 8 to 8.Jets.
Geese, 5 to 5Jcts,
Chickens, 5 to 5U\
Ducks, 0$ to 7its.
Pork, $7.50 to #7.75.
Beef, $4.00per too lbs.
The Speech from the Throne, opening ! Hides, $0.00 to $5.00,
the Ontario Legislature on Wednesday |	----
last, contains a clause referring to the valor displayed by the Canadian contingents in South Africa and says that a bill will be introduced to set aside certain townships in the unorganized districts permitting every volunteer to choose 1G0 acres. Provision will also be made for the survivors of the volunteer militia who were actually engaged on the frontier In 1866.

HARVESTING
MACHINERY
in the Senate that he will move for the
IS SECOND TO NONE IN THE WORM).
appointment of a committee to investigate the charges made by Mr. 11. H. Cook prior to the last general elections. The developments should be interesting, as no obstacles will be allowed to stand in the way of getting at the truth as in the case tf the emergency food ration scandal.
o
I am prepared to supply the same to the farmers of Pontiac <»n reasonable terms, and also to furnish REPAIRS, which will always lie kept on band, thus avoiding delay in having to send away for them.
*tr Horses taken in exchange for Machinery.
Our stock of Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware is in every respect complete and will be sold at reduced prices to make room for Spring Stock.
SEWING MACHINES
WRINGERS
WASHERS
CHURNS.
ALF. HOWARD,
OTTAWA
A tel NT FOR
The McCormic«\ Harvesting Machine Company
A I.SO KOR
Organs, Pianos and Svwirjg Machines.
I Ilutter, print, 21c. per ll>.
palls, 20 to 22c. per lb Eggs, fresh, 25c. per non. Potatoes, 83 to 40c. per hag. Apples, 00 to 80c. per i»ag. l«amb, 0 to 8c. per lh.
I Mutton, 5 to7c. peril*.
I Hoof, 3} to 5$c. per lb.
Pork. $7.75 to $8,25 per 100.
Ohlokeus, 601« 65c
Oats, 80 to 32c. per bushel. Hay, $8.00to $11.00per ton Wool, 10 to 17c. per lb.
CEO. HYNES,
DALE BROS
Shawvüle, Que.
¦»
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, . - QUE.
NEW GOODS
LARGE ASSORTMENT
JUST IN!
n pal!
P. S.—Highest price for Hides, Calfskins and Pelts.
The Conservative members of Parliament, in caucus assembled last week,
•elected Mr. R. L. Borden, ber for Halifax, to be leader of Him Majesty's loyal Opposition in the House of Commons. That Mr. Borden hss been
semer mem
NOTICE.
A large, well selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Tenders _fbr Wood.
&>ulwi tenders will be received by the undersigned up to the 20lh day of Pebni Inst., for twenty cords of dry hemlock or Umarac wood. Must be sound body wood. The lowest or any tender not mec essarliy accepted. Wood delivered at LUy Factory. D. J. HILLIARD. 7
Notice is hereby given that an applies
Don will be made to the Parliament of
•elected for this very important post, after V1?. * Ht l,exl session thereof for an	_
deliberation, and considering that constUNDERTAKING his parliamentary experience has been Pptnt on the Ottawa River, in the County compir.tiv.lj bri.f, .hewa ,h„ h. mu.t	%%%,%=&
be a gentleman of more than ordinary I[»vor. theure by the most feasible route to P
ability, of .ound judgment, and po,.owing | Black ‘and" Dumofnc' Ri vcrl^a^d ïhtwc ' a grasp of public questions not usually I northerly to the shore of James' Bay ; and
found in a man of hi. year.. The new &ST%^:ntXK % r"u' leader will now have abundant oppertu- war company authorized to build lines of
nit,to.how the kind of mate,it, he i, con,
posed of.	branch lines ; to own, charter and run
Th. critic»», of the Canadian Preu
and their products, timber lands, water powers and privileges ; to purchase, use and sell electricity for all purposes : to construct, acquire, maintain and operate 1 tramways, bridges, ferries, mills, wharves.
...	,	...	docks ami elevators, and to carry on bus!
of his record, and admit that he is an able ] ness >s general carriers and warehouse 1
men;
ph and telephone lines along the route he said railway or connecting there with and to transmit messages for com mereial purposes and to collect tolls there
àry
Smart & Smith
I al*o keep a complete stock of Hune ml Furnishings, ranging from the lai il est requisites to the mont elegant-y designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
Cheese Maker
ShawvilJe. Feb. 6,1901
P. S.—Harness.
FALL
mm
i
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT. Trains daily between
generally on the selection of Mr. Borden lor the Conservative leadership are favorable
JHE DAVID MAXWELL & SONS
SHOW-ROOMS, SHAWVILLE, QUE.,

GOODS I
Eveu the moat uncompromising Grit papers acknowledge the cleanness
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
man
0'i sa l aftrr Jau. 13th and until farther adviwil train aeirice will N as follows :
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:» 6.10 A. M. -Lor.il—Mtor? at all intermediate stations. Arrives Montreal 9. W a. m. Rockland Bran.1Ii, Hawkeebury Biaoeh, Valle)field, connects at Coteau Junction, for Cornwall and points west;
&4.00 A.M , Limited, arrives Montreal 11 20 a.m„
Windsor C.tle, Feb. 4, 1001. I	~I
“ To My People:—Now that the last	A W I Q	| points east Pullman Parlor Car attachai,
scene has closed in the noble ever-glorious	M W I O»	, t.8.00 A.M. Sundays only-stop* at Intermediate
iüüi,spii*i
EESSSEE EEr2	-1;|
me. The consciousness of this generous ^ . .... ,s t llt ir° ^ ^ ^ arrangt ments de t raf - 12.15 P. m Unilted-From Montreal and points
m###e
mm####
HiDH ard K. 1, ploiter de* lignes do telvgranhe et de téléphone le long dc la route du dit chemin I Tniiaa arrire *t Ottawa Central Depot : de fer, ou s'y raccord, et transmettre des H 10 a. m. From Madnwaak.i, Pembroke, Fgan messages pour des tins commerciales, et «	ArD^rinr ftnd intermeJieU? P0,,lt*-
ÜSîrSSSfC;
bolhcituers des requérante. I ville, Renfrew, Arnprior and intermediate stations
Ottawa, 2 janvier 1901
gm
of t
Are now open for business.
Our customers will find well stocked up with a good
. . line of . .

King Edward Thanks His People
U.s
for
London, Feb. 6—A special Gazette j Dated Ottawa. January 2nd. 1901 contains the following letter from the King I	CHRYSLER A BETHI NK,
to the Empire: —	I	Solicitors for Applicants
I
Farmers will consult their best interests by calling and inspecting sample of our latest improved
.1
SEASONABLE GOODS
<
of all kinds for
Fall & Winter Trade
Disc Harrows
]
Fleury’s Ploughs.
?
and a comparison of prices will show that we are in it with the best of them for good rallies and satisfactory dealing.
CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
A
And
9
Co

f»(
McRAE & McGUIRE
51
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE'S CORNERS.
1
AGENTS,
NO
D. McRae’s Old Stand, .. Main Street, Shawville
FRESH and CURED
Wi
— O
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
MEATS

SNOW
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
8 15 A. M. For A rn prior, Renfrew. Egan ville, Pembroke, Harry’s Bay, Whitney. Canoe Lake. Parry Sound and intermodule points.

B

promoting the high
people,	dili
rX
ei<i
of all kinds at
wut
load
z"
THE SHAWVILLE
8KATE8IW Market
J. 8. KoOUIBB,
g
1.00 p. M. Mix-d Train fir Arnprior, Renfrew Kganvtile, Madawaaksand intermediate stations.
LI
Bottom Prices.
Pon
and
The New Conservative Leader
of#
or p
he
Robert Laird Borden was born at Grand Pre, Nova Scotia, on the 25th of June,
1854, and ii the eldest son of Andrew,
Borden, Esq., and wife, Eunice Laird.
His forefathers lived in New England.
His great-grandfather on the maternal side was John Lothrop, the law partner of Pierrepont Edwards, whose firm conducted an extensive business at New Haven, Conn., before the Revolutionary War. On hie father’s he is of Cuited Empire Loyalist stock.
Mr. Borden began at a very early age to attend the Acadia Villa Academy at
Horton in hie native county, and when gre8ldent the Nova Scotia Barristers’ only fourteen years of age was appointed k °°tle and as ,uc.hJîa# 1take.n 8reAt cars
âssa
sarjssisttstwsa: issaa:
£	¦>$	- - b-r.
whom he studied law. both of whom are matter intrusted to him he give. a# careful bow judge, of the Supreme Court of Nova *tlent.,0ln " ,he dot?* t0 » matter involving
Scotia, declare that ss a student Mr. |‘ar^e 1™r?at"* He goes to a trul with i taken a prominent place in Parliament ?Jfoitfen was already distinguished for those	?ver/ 1 e|;il thoroughly	prepared, know	and during the last	Parliament was con-
qualities which contributed so largely to	mR he ™uat Prove	frer7 fact on hi*	| suited by the leaders of his party in all
his success as a practitioner, nimely, great 81,1,1	, kevn 7 ®ttAck the case of important matters coming up for consid
industry, careful attention to every detail jPPon®D.ta* 8enlua °?»	( fr,y|e once e ration. He was re-elected for Halifax
vt his work, and a firm grasp of legal defined it, the capacity for taking infinite County at the general election in Novem-principles.	Pa,ne- *h®n Mr- Burden does not fall far her last. Notwithstanding his devotion
A few months subsequent to his admis-	®hort of >emg a genius.	to his professional	and Parliamentary
.ion to the bar he was offered a partner	, To w,de and accurate	knowledge of the	| Work, Mr. Borden	finds time for the
ship by Mr. J. P. Chipman, of Kentville, ,aw* fert,|i1/ resource and firmness of cultivation of his literary tastes, and is now a County Court Judge for the mid- purpose, Mr. Barden unites a dignified well read in the best English literature, land district of Nova Scotia, and under ®nd courteous manner which wins for him This is noticeable in all his arguments the firm name of Chipman and Borden £he friendship as well as the confidence of tnd speeches, for there is a style and they carried on a large and lucrative prac- h,a clientile. in court he is respectful to finish to hi. work that shows that all his tice at Kentville down to the year 1882. a degree to the bench, the opposing conn- reading is not confined to the law reports.
Upon the appointment in that year of the and ,lhe witnesses, and under no Id September 1889, he married Laura, lato Sir John Thompson as Judge of the amount of provocation will he permit his yingest daughter of the late T. H.
Supreme Coart the^ firm of Thompson. j *<**» ‘«P» “>	•»"»	Bond. Ey of Helife,.
timhem end Tapper, became the firm of Mr. Borden firet entered public life in j Hon. R. L. Borden ie a gentleman of limham, Tupper and Borden, Mr. Borden 1896 when he wee nominated ae one of exceptional ability and attainments, of
having joined aa jnnior partner. Further the Coneervative candidates for Halifax high character end on,allied reputation. Finest and safest rifle ever made change# occurred in the firm by the eccee- County, for which he now site, and was A clear end vigoroue thinker, he ii alio a for large or email game of Sir Charles Hibbert Tupper to the returned at the head of the poll. He has J pleasing and forcible speaker,	wrtte for complete im cu.km».
moo
cDODGiLL 4 CÜZNEB,
ir
ban
We are selling at cost.
11
Proorietof.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
Central Depot, Russell Bouse Block.
Cabinet of Sir John A Macdonald and ----- -.quent appointment of Mr. Graham to be Judge in equity for the Province
of Nova Scotia, whereby Mr. Borden be-1 a. Trains ron dally cx^pt Suadar came senior member of the firm under the | b. dua«isy only. c, Daiiv style of Borden, Ritchie, Parker and Chisholm
Desirable Property
for Sale.
the aubse
Tickets to Europe ami all part* of the world by all American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook's tours.
To Catch the Eye and the Mind at the Same Time
The undersigned offers for sale his farm property, desirably situated in the Front of Clarendon Township, being Lot No. 3. on the 3rd range thereof, and containing one hundred acres (more or leas) of good land, nil tillable, with about 70 acres dear
Gw
Tenders for Hauling
Lumber.
wayi
Mr. Borden has been for several years
Fis
F
is the art in advertising. This Ad. illustrates how true this saying is, especially to those wishing pleasant and profitable employment. “ Canada’s Sons on Kopje and	$
Veldt,” the only book dealing exclusively with the Canadian Contingents, is the book to handle. Official, An-	^nd.pw tor
thentic, Cheap, sells on sight to everybody, and anybody	yJZfrom
can sell it. Capital or experience not necessary. ‘Send	ch.
for Free Outfit and make money.	| ^nc^P
«hcr particulars apply to the owner. SS
JA8. T. CALDWKLL,
Mawsey, Ont., or C. C ALDWTCLL,
Shawville.
are
—J
and
The
hier
PI
Sûtis
The Bradley-Garretson Co., Limited,
Brantford, Ont.
ma
DOOI
.303 Calibre.
lvm
•v


McC
/ «
Savage Magazine Rifle.
Mr
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
Thfi Only Haaaerlei Smokeless 6-Slwter.
OO., VTICA, N. T., V. 8. AHJDtfCâ.
Uvyer
«•nidet
Tksdc
One rifle takes nix different cartridges Point Blank Range tor Hunting.
Poetic
no
•tun
###PAGE###5###

¦** ^
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
1.0.1:
STOCK-TAKING
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Intereeti.
FVlitmiaD KVBKY THURSDAY
at SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
8UBSC/nrriOM-$t.oo a re a a in advance.
No paper stopped unttl all arrearages e paid, unless by special arrangement with ubllsher.
Nojrrs.
Meets the 4th Wednes day of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cor-¦ dlaljy Invited.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.

County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Booms.
L.B.C
ry Is now going on at the G. F. HODCI NS Departmental Store which means Great Bargains.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
f. A. Cowan, n 8.
II. 8. Barnktt, F.B
John Bivkett, C.H.,
:oi
ADVERTI81NU HATES:
advertising. eight foots per line for flrHt insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Busloeim cards not exceeding one Inch inerted at #4.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate n flve cents per line for first insertion and three veut» for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly, ir Your Turn next.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-1------------------
lnhed free of charge. Obituary poetry three ceutipor line.
qjhawvtlle
O having parlor,
JOIjH SMITH, Proprietor.
Clearing Sale
FOR
or The Hpot for-
SLEIGHS, CUTTERS, ROBES, BLANKETS, HARNESS, WHIPS, BELLS, &c:,
A Fashionable Hair Cut, (k)oi) Shampoo, oh A Clean Shave.
BIC
ON LADIES’ JACKETS.
JOB PRINTING
We bought at a sacrifice 26 Ladies’
Jackets and placed in stock at the following discounts
4- Ladies’ Cloth Jackets in grey,
- Ladies’ Cloth Jackets in brown, regular 9.00 now 4 50
4	Ladies’ Cloth Jackets in bl’k nap, regular 7.50 now 5.00
5	Ladies’ Cloth Jackets in n. blue, regular 6.00 now 4.00 3 Ladies’ Cloth Jackets in bl’k nap, regular 6.00 now 4.00
1	Ladies’Cloth Jacket in bl’k nap, regular 7.00 now 5.00 3 Ladies’ Cloth Jackets n. b. plain, regular 5.00 now 2.50
2	Ladies’ Cloth Jackets bl’k plain, regular 5.00 now 2.50
All kinds of Job Printing neatly end cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly attended to.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
gal
k JEWELLER
E	users
Ba a asi.etTT stock or
Ijtt WATCH K8,
IM CLOCKS,
¦	JEW8LLBRT.
¦	B1LV1RWAR1
Ate. Ac.
JOHN A. COWAN
Publisher
Business Cards.
regular $7.50 now $5.00
MEDICAL.
F.M. A. McNaughton, B.^.,M.D.,C.M.
GRADUATE OF McGlLL UXIVKR5UTT,*
Office Residence of the Lite Dr. II. If Knox. ShawrUle.
D(Heo hours-Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoon».
*.0
Rcpvjei
CALL AT
À 9VSCIA4JTT
SHAWYILLE. Q
SMILEY’S.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D, C. M
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE.
t
F. T. M. C.
Orsdwak of Trinity University, Toronto: Graduate I Feb. 9.—Mr. D Lunani went to Camp-1
«SK	-hi* 2 only Ladies' Cloth Sults-dark grey Eton Jack.....*—" ‘ ''	I , AX	h X tS ets •“* Skirts—regular $7.00, now $5.00.
Kelly of the Ray.	I
Mr. James Way of Huddersfield went 1 Ollly Ladies’ Siberian Jacket
to Bryson Tuesday.
Mrs. o. e. Murphy went to visit —regular price $55.00 ; take it at $39.00.
friends at Kazubazua Thursday.
Mesdames J. G. Scully and W. O. Sea-1 nr. -r> p r\	,	„	_	.. . ,	_
man were the guest» of the Miasea Bdith tiU lioys Overcoats, well made, well trimmed and
and Bernice Farrell Thursday.	o . ,	,	.	.	. .	_	_
Mr. p. m Farreii went to shawviiie I	or the very best material. Regular pnee was
Mr. J. J. Rooney came down from his I	from $3.00 to $0,50. YOU Can have One at
shanty Fsiday for a short visit home.	Lniy ^	*
Mr. and Mrs W. Moore and Mr. and I JU8t tialf pnC6.
Mrs. W. 0. Seaman visited the shanty of
At Shawvllle, second and fourth Thursday I Mr. W. A. Moore, Sandy's Lake, last
of each month.	Sunday.	Sans Cerbmonib.
1901
MAIN STREET
1901
LEGAL.
OR
a stylish garment
BODRBEAU RAINVILLE, L» L» L
OREMOST
URNITURE.
I
ADVOCATE .. BRYSON visit Shawville every Monday
»
WILL
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.
WM. GAMBLE,
barrister, Ae.,
Room 23, Trust Building. No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Out.
Office-over O. F. Hodglna’ Store, Main fit
e #
# •
• #
We must make room for our heavy Spring Stock.
GREERMOÜNT
We have also a first-class assortment of
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
Feb. 0 —The roads up here are very good. We have not many teams and cannot boast of many teamsters ; but for all that some of our young ladies get a drive now and then.
We are glad to say that the two ladle*, who have been ill—namely, Mrs. B. Judd and Mrs. Lumtuis—have recovered sufficiently to be able to go about.
Mrs. Richards, who has been spending a few weeks here has returned to hei home in Campbell's Biy.
Me. Henry McCleary came home to i
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
OF THE PROVINCE OF Ql'EBBC,
TERM* REASON ABLE
< HABGK» MODER ATE.
• •	.. SATISFACTION OCAKAATKKD
PERSONAL ATTENTION
• •
Trust Building-
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1173.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
J. GRAHAM
SHAWVILLE.
o
G. F. HODGINS,
Farmers I
W. W. IRELAND,
Clerk of the District Magistrate*' Court,
85KW.	I "Pend Sunday with h . mother,
factor!ly.	Mr. S. Dale is still exercising his horse»
tMAWVILI F • - - • OUE for he went to Shawrille on Friday snanvikkL	Mies McFarlane had some very good
sized scholars last week. If you would like to know who they were just ask
Pansy and Violet
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
We can pay you highest market price (in cash) for your wheat any time you fetch it along.
We can do your gristing and give you best satisfaction in returns, and flour which will enable you to carry off prizes in bread competition at the county fair every time.
We can sell yen at lowest prices Flour, Grain,
Meals, Bran, Shorts and Feed.
THE SECRETARY-TREASURER
In Account with the Corporation of Bristol for the
Year 1900.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
NOTARY PU«LI . NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND HAVINGS CO.,Or ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be in Shaw ville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
STARK S CORNERS
Feb 10 -Owing to the bad weathei (Tu Rate levied -iwo mills on the d liar the made have been nearly blocked up.
Mrs. Hon. George Bryson and Mra Boulter of Coulonge were vere visiting friends here this week.
Mrs. George Alien, who fell end broke her leg some time ago, ia recovering
on a valuation of
•635,.moo .........................
J D. Russell, road grader.........
W. D. Dagg, W. Stanton's road labor. Amount paid out exceeding rate levied
$1070 60
7 00
4 00
1081 00 gar FULL STOCK ALWAYS ON HAND .124 96
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT D Shawvllle Que., respectfully solicits eitaiementsfor any businessInoonoectlon wlju all Courtsin the County, Collections slowly hudeando-ompiretarnsassuçied
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO.
55
o
O
Snow birds are rushing the wood to the	| Jan. 2. By Peter Moyle 23 day* valuator
Schneaux.	I	8.	R. R. C ut fiber tson, meals councillors
Miss Maggie Leitch of Pembroke is	!	18.	Robert Campbell, note and interest..
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County | visiting friends around here.	25, Legal Blank Printing Company...........
Mr. J. W. Stark and Mr. Stewart C.	|	23.	Equity'printing minutes.............
11 posters, re ward offered.......
J Duff, special superintendent, 1899.
W. H. Lucas, wire and staples.......
44	41 sulphur, 50c ; rep. scraper $1.50
$4 50
For Sale
27 16 472 77
J. J. TURNER,
X
1
7 00
The South East Half of the South West Half of Ix)t No. 13 on the 5th range of Bristol, owned by the late Patrick Mur* phy. and said to contain about fifty acres (more or less). The land is in a good state of cultivation, is well fenced, and near the railway station and post office. Will be sold on terms to suit purchaser.
Applv to T. G. MURPHY,
Arnprior, Ont.
Pontiac. Hales conducted In a business-like	...	r>
•od satisfactory manner. Good* or articles Leitch ire rushing the beam to Pem
or private* l|Sllen en<* <******** °f by publMj he sale# conducted at Hhawvllle once a
°; MSiMMtrn7c-thberU0„, .bo
- fering from quinsy, has recovered.
Mrs. Silas Young has returned from • ~ I short visit to Shawville.
A number of young people had quite a sociable time at Thomas Deans last week.
Mr. John Dodds of Arnprior, has been visiting friends around here.
John Beamish, wife and family, spent Sunday at Mr. James Mart s,
Mr. and Mrs. Wo. Cameron have our sympathy in their sad bereavement by t ha death of Mildred, their little girl.
#; oo
2 25

25
4 00
Miss Mabel Criok is visiting her sister, [ Feb. 5
1 71
RUBBERS
2 00
10
P. Linn, cedars............................
Wm. Twolan, c. dan*.......................
Mayhew and Cut fiber son, auditors.........
J. McAra, bushing Chats Lake, 1897-98*99.. P. Kelly, cedars, $8.00 ; examining rood, $ I
Sheriff, fine Justice Coart................
Wm. Blakley, cedar» 5th line...............
W. H. Lucas, scraper and freight.........
Phone rent to 30th June....................
W. Russell, cedars.........................
P. Flaherty, cedars........................
A. Grant, poll clerk.......................
A Meldrum, cedars for 1899.................
Voters lists...............................
on County rate..............................
6 road scrapers.............................
Building and Jury Fund......................
M. Doherty, W, Stanton's road labor........
advertising lots 23 and 24, range 3, for sale...
Phone rent to 31st Dec......................
P. Gallaher, repairing shed.................
J. Roy, A. Smith's road labor...............
E. Graham, hay..............................
E. Graham procuring legal opinion re. Cochrane road...................................
Mayor attending County Council..............
W. J. Tubman, rural inspector...............
W. D. Doherty, road labor D. Doherty........
Legal opinion.
S. J. Murdock balance county rate Secretary'a salary..
Postage...........
41 50 50 OO
HOTELS.
2 00
12
a

« 00
St. Lawrenoe Hall,
22
7 00
Farm for Sale.

10 00

•t
31
4 OO
Mrs C, M. McLeane
April 2
Being lot S. E. Half of No. 3, on the 6th I Range of Clarendon, containing 100 acres I '
(more or less,) of which 75 acres are cleared I IWp .and under cultivation. On the premises J I + ^ are erected a good dwelling house, sum mer kitchen, wood shed, t wo barns, good stable, and sheds. The soil is good clay loam, and the premises are well watered with creeks running through front and rear. This farm is situated on main road between Bristol and Shawville, and only 2 miles from the latter place. Clear title can be given.
For terms and further particulars apply to the owner on premises.
THOS. J. WILSON
7 50
4
« 00
9
9 .36
at
wsy#^elf%™Sh»A ^a*le snt* Bar al-Fiasr-CLAW Lxvut Attached.
19
106 00
2 00
June 22
Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Horeefield went to| Aug. 20 Renfrew on Sunday.
I wonder how the lady felt who re eeived such a hugging at the social ?
Apple Blossom
27 00
SfijBîW
will outwear
two pairs of Ordinary Common Rubbers.
Search the World and you will find nothing better than
2 90

100 00 45 P0 12 00
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
21
4 00

24 84
QUYON,
Nov. 10
6 OO
SASH aa4
FACTO
3 87
HOSE
i Miss M. Amm returned to her home
here on Sunday after spending a pleasant | Dec. 17 week in Arnprior.
Miss May Regan of Ottawa is spending a few days under her parental roof here.
A number from here attended the sports in Arnprior Friday.
Miss Leah McAllister, who has been the guest of Mrs. T. Grant for some time, returned to her home in Eardley Sunday.
We are pleased to notice that Rev. W.
Boors, bash, xiwil POSTS, dressbd If. FitzGerald is able to be out again after
LUMBER, à. A
t*pt in stock end msds to order. •
UMB*B DBES8ED AT POPVLARFEICBS
JmitaM by Every Rubber Manufacturer and Dealer, but imitation has our specially Manufactured Rope Canvas or Duck, the only fabric which can be thoroughly impregnated with the Para Gum.
When worn out have leather sole put on and use for a Plow Boot.
2 30
Tenders for Stone
WANTED

10 40
no
—AU KJ2TM or—

3 00
Minor & Eiterior
FINISH for
Soui4i Sc Verandah*
15 00
1 26
Sealed tenders addressed to the undersigned will be received np till Saturday the 23rd of February Inst ..for the delivery on the Corporation Ix)t Shawville. 50 cords of boulder -«tone.
>.»
I 26
•24
1 00

irons Ragged Chute bridge
a oo
MANmcTtTBlD
179 00 145 00 10 00
By order J. R. HORNER.
Secy. Treas
31

ThcJ. D. KingCo., Limitée^ have
the only
hia severe illness.
With regret, we chronicle the dangerous
illness of Mrs. M Regan.
Mr. Rutledge McKeoney spent Sunday
at Bristol Corners.
Mr. Willie McLean of Piercefield is
renewing acquaintances here.
tout <faf
307 90 $1400 56

An address of sympathy to the King was passed in the House of Com mous on Friday, the motion being introduced in a brilliant speech by
by Mr. Borden, leader of the opposition.
The Senate will have to deal with five applications for divorce during the present •1902 361 session. The parties whe seek to sever j the nuptial knot are:
J. H. Brewster, faftner of Winnipeg; R. Fenwick, hotel ke*$er of Birtle; Mrs. •1902 36 Florence Gough, formerly of Ottawa, now
of Montreal; J W. Ml Don aid, Carleton Place and James Stovel, Edmonton.
genuine
Rubber.
Don't buy unless the words
are stamped upon the sole of each Rubber; all others are frauds upon the Public
1
County Sinking Fund.

McCItEDIE & HODGINS.

Sir Wilfred seconded
DR
1900
To rate levied—3) mills on the dollar—on valuation
of $035,302.00 ........
H balance exceeding rate levied
1873 65 28 81
# # # e
Mr. Nicholas Connolly, the well known
-, p. *ÜZisrs *
_ ** deoaaaed gentleman wm joint protho Cartier, hM been choaen first lieutenant the Hull Coert ainca he gare up of Mr. Borden, the new Conaerrattre pncticiog in 1897.	leader. The choiee is an excellent on*.
f-
CR
951 18 961 18
The election in North Brnee he* b*#m voided as the result of the recount whisk
has wiped ont Mr. %Alex McNeill #
jority.

W. E. Mathbw,
R. R. CrrBBiiTso!*
}
Auditors


88
###PAGE###6###
>-----*F




K?




!

LIFE A CENTURY AGO.
I was told, when I cam* borne to dinner, that a gentleman ua mod Car hart | ward for finding the property and waa waiting for me in the reception-
e,Why, the on* tl
jwnd dollars re-
CAUGHT THE EOBBEB
and that everything was satisfactory.”
•'Quite so. I did not call about the house. I want to ask if you know a


One hundred years ago a mai oonld not akv a ride on a steamboat.
He could not go from Waahiagton to as you hunted the thing down till 1 New York In a few hours.
Any rate, you | He had never seen an electric light or
3 reamed of an electric car.
curing the oonvietIon of the criminal. 1 gueoa you are entitled to that,

THE OFFICIALS HUNTED FOR HIM IN BRASS BAND FASHION.
room.
As I entered, he roee and domed the
Mrs. J. D. La plane."
"No"—tLinking a moment—'"no, I don't remember any such name." "Could a he ihuve lived in the house
door behind m«. A quiet, stoutly | CAnw on the trail. bu.lt man, with a round, ruddy face.
I had met a hundred such men, txit could not renu mber him indlvi lually.
• You have ben advertising,” he 1 (he roceiptt And the other half is al-a.sked, "for a Mrs. Upline about a | rMtIy dona ted-by my wife- to that seal-akin sacque Î”
l
One Instance In Which This Style ei Detective Work Suveeeded Admlsn-hly—How the Culprit Was Farced Into a Confession.
mil get part of it sure."
Perhaps I shall. If 1 do, half of It mxvtt go to the servant who found
lie could not send a telegram, lie couldn't talk through the telephone, mil he hail never heard of the hello girl lie could not ride a bicycle.
He could not call In a stenographer and ,	L1 .
poor Mrs. Waters, who has been dis- ! Hvtute a letter.	pends. Hi ere is no rule. That which
charged from the et ore and can find | He had never received a typewritten halves one mystery today will make aar aooth.TwnpIoym. nt. Wo have had communication.	olhvr more Impenetrable tomorrow. Ac-
Would Mich a wife live in He *,ai1 n*ver heard of the germ theory cording to one of the most noted detector worried over bacilli and bacteria. lives of this country, the rule of common He never looked pleasant lie fore a pho- | tense Is the best to follow.
Take a case narrated by this defective
It was C very neat, pretty little house, sud the rent was so reasonable ^<xre yvlU moved in ?" that l	Haul tad the agent ftb >ut the
‘ No, sir; we moved in before the
How do detectives detect ? It all dt-
house was quite finished
matter.
"Well, sir," he said, "it's a bit of look, your being able to get the lwm<c, told me thus, this way, tu the middle of the year.
The family as has it—the Waterses— a relative, perhaps*'* took it when it was first built, two
1 remembered tbit the agent had
"Yes, i have."
"Would you know the aaoquo if you saw UP'
"No more than I know you. you think you had better intro<luoe
" Was she not a visitor of yours—
to move.
¦what she at onoo called a robber's
Don't
"No; 1 have no relative or friend

years ago, ami we haven’t raised the i 0f that
Our now bouse does not suit yvutwK before »» Ulk uny further*" j ^ 1W„	,	been examine.l,
"1 am Sergeant Car hart, of the
ibis is iny bulge;
den#
Le plane# Leplane?
they're In some n<); I dont know any such person.'
1 don't know the rights of
tographer or had his picture taken.
!h‘	u	or I Ho	up a bug distance tele-
cross-examined, questioned, cross- saw a klnetoscope turn out a prizefight. [phono, which In Itself Is not In accord-
questioned; my portrait—not a bit like me—ha« been published in the papers, and I am popularly supposed to havo had some share in the burglary,
' le" ”«•' Pl'1,,se- 1111	th s "	| or to have aoted a« a fence for the
skin sacque affair. I have got hold
of b ta of It from Kox & Martin and
name.
rent on them since, t rouble.
it; hut 1 hears as how Mr. Waters
"Here's my reason for asking," and 1 placed the receipt for the seal-skin sacque on the oounter before her. "It was found, by accident, under the marble in the butler's pm try thought that perhaps you had put it there and forgotten it."
"No; I never saw this before."
detective force.
Ile never saw through a Webster’s un- ance with the general Idea of telling » abridged dictionary with the aid of a j detective of a crime. The message mu id
||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||i||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||tb u a	of $3,000
lie had never taken n ride In an ele- | In gold and asked that on operative he
sent to the town near the farm. The tie had never Imagined much a thing as message was received at night. The fol-h typesetting machine or a typewriter. lowing Bonitg I man from the agency
He had never used anything but a we,lt t0 *ke ollice from which the mes-wooden plow	sage was sent and announced his business
H,. ha,I never seen hi. wife using • >ust *• « oomniercia' traveler would .alow ing machine	Bounce his. Nothing In hia appearance
: hehem
He couldn't take an anaesthetic and nud de„orll)lug the wa, ,0 the have hi# leg cut off without feeling It. house, “bad $8,000 In gold. He kept It He had never purchased a 10 cent mag- in n box under his bed. One day while be Ifine which would have been regarded as was aj work on hia farm the money was I miracle of art.	stolen* That’s all there Is to the case."
The detective hired n horse and rode
He anw the farmer, but the funner could tell him no more than
here is my card."
“All right* you?"
was arrested for assault or something, and wouldn’t give his real name for fear it would kill his poor old mother, and wouldn't consult any friends for the game reason; aud, before he hardly realized it, he was railroaded, and there ho is in jail and his wife lotting the house to reduce expenses and leave her freer to get him out."
A wry queer story."
"Well, that's the way I heard it. There's a man going round the neighborhood with a petition to the governor for Waters. P'r aps (he'll come ! to you and y«m can find out more from him. 1 do h ar tint Mrs. Waters is am liing off most of her things on the quiet, to save the ruction of an auction; and I guess you could pick up whatever fixings you want very cheap if you takes the housq."
1 did take the house, and my wo-men-folk did pick up several things— kitchen furniture, awnings, and stair-carpet—very cheaply aged the bargaining, l did not see Mrs. Waters; but they described her to me os a pretty, small, sad woman, who had no children and was brokenhearted at the loss of her home. The man with the petition came round, as the agent had predicted; but I declined to sign the piper without knowing more of the o= ream stances, the petition told me, in addition to the agent's story, was that Mr. Waters had been sent up, under the name of Jones, for assaulting a policeman
Itocntgen ray
What can I do for
We
valor.
I
plunder.
Worse than all everybody Including my wife and the officials, blames me for interfering in what was none of my business.
Waters, with whom I was confronted by order of Inspector Hyrnes, put this point very neatly;
"Oh, sir," she cried; "why couldn't you leave well enough alone? Nobody wanted the seal-skin sacque, and what did it matter to you?"
True; but yot 1 bad only done my duty.
from your servant; but I want to get the whole thing to rights."
1 told ban the story, as clearly and briefly as 1 have told it to you. He listened attentively; but, with the natural jealousy of a professional, did not praise in y amateur work. When I had concluded, he made no comments, but asked;
"May I take a look at that butler’s pantry?"
"Certainly; but there’s nothing to see in it."
I conducted him to the pantry. He tspped the top of marble with his finger.
*T fancied that you might have left the suequ* and given another name for—for—well, for some reason or other. You see the address of the house ia quite correct."
"Yea; but I couldn’t hive done that. I never had a seal-skin ear que. " "Then how do you suppose the receipt got into the butler’s pantry?”
"I don’t know; 1 don't suppose anything. Indeed, sir, I kuowr nothing whatever about it."
•'Well," maid I, "the sacque to at Fox & Martin’s. 1 have been down there and they say it's all right. If you don't care to say anyting about it, here’s the receipt. It must belong to you or some of your people, as the butler’s pantry has never been disturbed since we came into the house.”
•'Hut I can’t take it, sir,” she murmured, much distressed. "Indeed, it is not mine, nor anybody's belonging to me. I don’t want to have anything to do with it."
Mrs.
He could not buy a pnp'r for a cent and learn everything that had happened t0 the farm the day before all over the world
He had never seen n McCormick reap- the man In town who sent the message
to the city. The detective remained in the neighborhood several days, visiting
ar or a self binding harvester.
He had never crossed an Iron bridge.
In short, there were several things that oilier farmers. To each of them he said: he could not do uud several things he did 1	# detective. I am looking for the
I	man who stole your neighbor's money.”
Not one of the farmers had a suspicion of the identity of the thief. The detect...	,	„	. j v. ,v, . * n„	Ive learned the standing of each farmer
g	Africa lfl afforded by the details given	----—	' upon whem he called. Then he returned
"Have you a kitchen knife handy? of the stores and animals sent out up Accordion plaiting Is more highly fa- to the home ollice Thanks.	That will do nicely.” As	to a short time before the occupation	vorvd this season than	It has ever been.	About a	week later another man went
he spake,	he slipped the knife under	Qf Pretoria. Theses included 170,000,-	, ^ ,lite Panue u‘,vot	rivals white	and	to the same neighborhood and told	hi#
thv- slab,	pushed it to and fro, and	«K) small arm ertridges, f,00,000 ar-1 KnddiTne^ÏikU	^be making of'h^	husines,.	He was a defective from	th,
then lifted up the top of the basin, til le ry cartridges of various calibres*
"Ah! I thought no,'
pointing	to several small, neatly	aji p^tg Qf the world, 3JO.OOO khaki	oowl evening coiffures.
folded papers plnoed carefully be- suita 370000 paLra of boots, 420,000 ®DmMl daiu,7 turD0Tpf collars, Isrger another
blankets and tenta, sets of camp eQttlp* empire buxvH and ruftiua are made up detective went into the community, AI-age, harness and other articles in aim- of every sort of material.	though he was disguised as a lightning
Some of the new round hats to wear peddler, he told each farmer he saw, with demitlress costumes turn up In a confidentially, that he was a detective very deep curve at each side, a yd the looking for the man whs. bad stolen $\-tables, grocm iea, flour and biscuits. ronase portions are entirely covered *u fold. His reputation preceded him. have been searching for bo long. and (orage were shipped.	with ermine fur.	Wherever he went farmers said, "Yon
Well, well, that is u clever oove, that	_	I	^lie inch wide strips of costly fur are ma* be R lightning rod peddler all right,
111 constant use ill the making of dressy blit you are « detective. And Invariably
winter gowus and wraps. These are lit- be replied, I am a detective, andall ¦	¦ gs	¦the farmers In the community talked
among themselves about the lightning tod
peddler detective who was in the country.
This detective suddenly disappeared.
am
5 •.'Et* AS»1"“
h In. IH.I .r. »r .mw la Ik L.„ld." Th. .... Iimri* ll ... . ...
ARMY REQUIREMENTS.
QSome idea of the magnitude of the "The receipt was found stuck under | requirements of an army such as the this slab?"
aot know.
British now have in the field in South
THE WHIRL OF FASHION.
"Yes; just ns I told you."
As they man-
same agency and on the same business as The Dnse coil, arranged low at the the 6rst. lie went to each farmer and he continued, | 175,000 horses and mules gathered from nape of the neck, Is revived among other told his business. Then he went away.
The farmers talked about hie visit to one
"Why not? It’s clearly your proFox & Martin tell me that
perty
it's worth two hundred and fifty dollars, so you could easily get one hundred dollars for it if you sold it, and a hundred dollars will come in handy
At the end of the third week another
"What! More sva 1-skin Bacques? "Yes, sir; and a few diamonds, and
All that

Liar proportions. Besides, great quan-a lot of j'wvlry—in fnet' —looking at |	<>f ineat, bacon, preserved vegv-
the pa pars-*»* the w h ie boodle that we
now. You hire forgotten about it, or your husband------"
"Oh. sir, don't !” she exclaimed. Then, changing her voice, she whispered: "Please pretend to be buying something; the floor-walker’s coming tills way.” Aluud. "Would you prefer silk ones, sir ?"
I bought a couple of handkerchiefs, poshed the receipt over to Mrs Waters with th« money, waited for my change while th<5 floor-walker lingered near, then went away, without the chance of another private word. Rut when I cp-ned the memorandum paper in wh'ch my change was wrapped, there was the receipt for the seal-skin sacque!
while on duty.
Three or four weeks passed, and a general house-cleaning was order-CJnder the marble slab of the butler's pantry, where it could hardly have been placed, except by design, servant found a folded paper, which turned out to ho a receipt from Fox & Martin, the furriers, for a seai-
*'valued at two hun-
XVaters. Rut we have him now." .
PtrO Beautiful Snow Poem.
¦¦¦ HHI You	many pleins from people,
exclaimed, more astonished than ever. ' thought you would like mom# of mine. I think
I the) are better than many you have printed In ‘ * I your paper Of which haa just fallen sonic more
our river and nature. I like them beat because they come from the hart.
"Why—whit—explain yourself!'
Me more tlisu n narrow fringe, yet they me very effective.
Ribbon scarf ends for the neck, shoal-
ed
"These, sir," Bald Sergeant Garhart flourishing the pipers, "are part the proceeds of that big robbery on the avenue last spring. You remember?	Martinez—Spanish family
—servants suspected. I knew that Waters was in it; but I couldn't prove anything. Every pawnshop was watched ^pd Be arched. None of the stolen property had been pawned. No; he invented this dodge of leaving the articles with respectable firms for repairs or safe-keeping till the affair had blown over. See here! Fox & Martin; Wickham & Turner; Tiffany— who would think of looking in such places for stolen goods? 1 didn't. None of Us did. Nobody would have been the wiser now if it hadn’t been for your advertisement."
"Rut you urrested Waters and had him sent up under another name?"
"Not we; no, sir; he got himself arrested, hoping that he would be safe in jail Until the robbery was forgotten. Rut he overdid the business, and got three years as an old offender Instead of the three months he expected. I saw through his dodge and gave the judge the. tip But I couldn't find the boodle. How clever he was! He worked it beautiful!"
"Did Mrs. Waters know about it?"
"She? Bless you, no; such a clever n wouldn't have trusted a woman
This one is shout beautiful snow
If you like this. I can send der knots, belt bows and sleeve straps I have written lots about birds and
our
¦¦AVTim «ROW.
The snow has fallen white and nice;
It covers everything.
It covers QtdU and barn and fence; Also the birds that sing.
skin sac que dred and fifty dollars," left for safekeeping during the summer, by Mrs. J. D. Deplane. Charges for storage and insurance, five dollars, a printed form, the name of the depositor and the amounts being written in ink
be a reputable firm.
Mrs. J. Ü. Deplane was unknown to
’e $8.000 In
And now we have the time for sleighs, The boys and girls will meet And travel fastly o'er the snow Upon the roads and street
Cheer up, cheer up. unhappy youth And see the enow a falling.
Come, let us slide along the road.
For you It loud Is calling.
It was
you seen the detective?” was as common a question ns the salutation of the day. To make his work all the more open this
FOWL AND THEIR FRUIT. e1 detective said to the farmer who lost the
--------- money: "You will soon have all your
Hens will not lay if in a house so cold gold hack. There won't be n dollar of it
mun
Light colored yolks are said to indicate the neighborhood. He will confess the lack of iron and sulphur In the food.	theft.”
Too much wet or sloppy food given to “Won't he run away before he will the young poultry often causes scours. #lve ** °P? **ked the farmer.
Coal ashi's ahoultl not l,o put in th. '/'hr	“*»«¦ Tb,p
dust hath uutil the cinders are sifted out who Mms an’ay "ll! ,hm‘b-v*° tali
Crude petroleum i. cheaper than kero- onpe fe|| (hnt Koml.hllw or otb(.,. wa,
sene, .s better «ml if often applied to the	watvhed. The tension became
hen roosts will soon destroy all lice.	paiufal. iu spite 0, ,hl. fne, lhal ,,„ly
The food gives flavor to the meat and one man jn ,|ie community was guilty." color to the egg. Tainted meat should Thirty-three days after the robbery * never be given fowls, nor any spoiled fnnn(,r went ,0WD and asked that a
ietectlve be sent for. When the detect*
A gill of linseed meal mixed with iw came, which was the n< day, the ground grain given to six hens is the best farmer said to him: "Come with me and and cheapest medicine for bowel dis- i will show you where the	Is	hur-
led. 1 am the thief.” The two men
The medium sized breeds are more ro- went to the woods. The snow was ankle bust and can look out for themselves bet- deep on the spot where the treasure was ter. and on this account are better adapt- buried. After clearing away the drift
the detective dug down and found
The advantages of an incubator are mn old coffeepot containing the gold. He not that they are always better than a took it to the farmer who had lost his hen, but rather that with their aid you gold, and the farmer Identified it can hatch chickens at any time, so as to detective took his prisoner hack to the strike the market at the right time.
1 knew Fox & Martin to
I ke name of
II.
any of us.	My report of these detective pro-
My wife, who has a wise head, ad- ceedings was not received with that vised the bending of the piper to sympathetic appreciation which 1 Mrs. Waters. Where was she? 1 had the right to expect from the learned that some communication wife of my bosom. I was accused of with her had been kept up through! wanting to |flirt with the pretty Mrs. hex former servant, who had taken Waters. Was there anything like
a few blocks off. | flirtation in the conversation just de-
have
The bon*# ore a prancing round.
And they must well be shod To keep upon the ley road As slowly home they plod.
If you can’t use thie poem, send it back, but 1 think your readers will liks It Yours,
that their combs will freeze
111 HAM SPOUSE*.

Bhoto, Manitowoc county, Wl%
P. 8.—1 won't charge nothing for this. H. 8.
another place,
ixitters for Mrs. Waters which had I tailed ? No; but there might
Very Likely.
My
arrived at tho house had been for- been in my looks and manner.
I ke I excuse for calling upon Mrs. Waters
very flimsy, and bo were the
warded to her by this servant.
receipt for the seal-skin sacque might be sent in the same way. Mrs. I handkerchiefs I had been induced to Waters had secured a position in a purchase. If I had not b en thinking dry goods store and the servant j of Mrs. Waters I aid never have
So on
was
>
3
ItV.Va
bought such handkerchiefs.
knew her address
w.!
mess
Mi
I objected that Mrs. J. D. Deplane and so on might not be Mrs. Waters, and that | knows the routine to intrust th* receipt to any .strang-
le very married man
On


V
I
All the same, there was the scal-
es ses
er was bimply giving her the right | skin sacque, and, every day or two,
What


to claim a two hundred and fifty dol- Tweed's question recurred;
p neat of I are we going to do about it f No; I would first find
with dynamite like these papers. It was part of bis stock in trade to keep her innocent. Sh i's helped him many
a time without her knowing it. If you I Mrs. Rabbit-Heavens! There’s the had sent her this receipt, as your man who owns this laud. I guess he’s wife advised, she would put it away after his rent.—New York Jon mat. till he came back to explain about it. and nobody would ever have known anyth ng of it.	T hat'd what he cal-
culated on. He id clever!"
"And, of course, now-----"
"Now we’ll give him ten years at
lar sacque upau th< five dollars out whether there was a seal-skin sacque, and then hunt up Mrs. J D. Deplane.
"You are going to take a great deal of unnecessary trouble about other people's business, " observed my wise wife.
ed to the farm
I had the hippy but dishonest thought of ad vising my wife to go and pay the five dollars and get the sacque. It belonged to us as much as to anybody. There was evidently no such person as Mrs. J. I). Deplane. Who had assumed the name, deposited the sacque, and hidden the receipt iu our butler's ptntry were unsol va ble mysteries was a fact, and a two hundred and fifty dollar sacque for five dollars appealed to any woman who was always hunting the stores for what she called bargains.
Rut this mite of a woman was
Wear a sacque
Hie
city, and in less than a week the rann was in state prison.
"It was a common sense rule." said the head of the agency. "Each one of the men I sent up to the community learned that there was only one man in the community who was in the habit of drinking. He had been for years addicted to periodical drunks. All of the sudden this man stopped drinking. My men tried to get him to taste liquor, but he refused. This was our only suspicion that he might be guilty. Then I conceived the plan of having It bruited every day that there was a detective in the community. From the time I got the spirit holds possession of all the high message until the confession there was points of the earth, and that is why no hardly a day In which that community Chinese woman can ever he induced to wfl8 not stirred up by the news that one
climb a mountain.	--- of my detectives was in the settlement
looking for the thief, and I always Instructed my men to assert that the guilty man lived la the community.	K
The planet of Neptune was discovered "Thus the talk became the topic of tbi with the telescope In 1846.	day. on the roads, in the farmhouse, on
The human population of the globe tbe ^arni9* ^ot for an 'ns,nnt * nb lm.OOO.UOU.OOO cubic yards of »ow anybody to forget It. After the arrest of the farmer I asked him what made him confess. He said he never could bear any other subject discussed. Every time he met one of hie neighbors that neighbor would ask him It he had seen the detective. He thought once of going away, but just then he heard what my man had said, that the guilty one . would try to go, and that fact deterred ! him. It made him afraid. Every at ran ger he met in the toad was a detective. Every knock at hia door was that of a
_______m m ______________	BBTL He coil'd stand It no longer.
ration Army as the kindergarten of The burden was „ enter than hr could MjBL IJP __	Christianity isn't bad.—Boston Herald. bear, and be confessed. Rather paradox-
people all trying to apeak at I h<- .same | Salvation Army methods, with street leal, was It not, that his reformation as to time, and cutting one another's sent- parades, may be open to criticism, but drinking should have made suspicion ences abort in a manner suggestive of the work they do among the poor de- mgs Inst him all the stronger? The
¦»*“"« ,W ... t.	, SS t ïïfrSÏ'SVÏS i
or refined,	| 0f g^ing poverty, but to relieve poverty. *
America has made nearly £12,000,000 profit by supplying goods to the British Army in South Africa.
A gentleman U invariably intro-least, instead of three. It’ll be u. lit- duced to a lady, and that irrespec-tle inconvenient for you ; but that live of rank or age.
CHINESE ODDITIES.
"It is my duty," I replied, loftily. But I was secretly conscious that curiuisity and a desire to do a little amateur detective work were more potent with me than duty.
So 1 went to Fox & Martin’s store, showed the receipt, and asked if the sacque was all right.
"Certainly," replied the clerk; "we have insured it."
"How about the value mentioned in
Is that what the
While repairing a temple the Chinese cover up the eyes of the idols In order that the deities may not be offended at the sight of the disorder.
If a man in China doesn’t pay his debts at the usual time—the new year—his creditors carry away the door of his shop, thus permitting all the demons and evil spirits to enter.
Chinese women believe that the evil
No matter; the sacque
can't be helped.”
"How inconvenient for me?"
The Queen Regent of Spain has been
appointed arbitrator on pending inter-"Why, you see for yourself that the national differences between Chili and whole house will have to be carefully Peru, searched now.
What!
adament.
that belonged to somebody else? What ! Be arrested on the street, or
He may have some other hiding-pi u <-.s like this, go through it with a fine-tooth comb. Then we’ll want your servant-girl’s evidence about finding the receipt for the seal-skin sacque, and yours about interviewing Mrs. Waters, and that'll about do us.”
The Countess of Westmoreland, a sister of Lady Warwick is more domestic than titled women in etal, and is noted for her success as a horticulturist.
The first Army medal was struck by Cromwell, to commemorate the battle of Dunbar. The second one is-
We'll
at the theatre, with that sacque on her back? If I had sent the receipt to Mrs. Waters, nothing more would ever have been heard of it. since I had (muddled the whole affair,
gen-
the receipt? sacque is really worth?"
SCRAPS OF SCIENCE.
y have cost you
"Yes, sir. K
-e when you bought it; but that i* the value we put upon it now. Do you wan* to take it out?"
"No, not yet, I’ll welt till the cold | for Mrs. J. D. Deplane.
trouble and the expense—it served me right.
11 .
Now,

the only course left was to advertise
As for the
su d was that for Waterloo, although in order of service the Peninsular oxygen in a year

consumes

111.
weather."
"'Ail right, air."
The next day I went to the store I did not quite follow this feminine kn which Mrs. Waters was employed, logic; but I did advertise. First and recognized her, from my wife’s	guardedly, in
description, at the notion counter	umn; "Wanted, the present address
looking very widow-likc in her W ick of Mrs. J. D. L — e;" "Will Mrs. J. D. uniform dress. She had never Been	L. please communicate with sub-
me before, ami was rather startled	scriber in regard to her seal-skin
when I called her by name. Noticing sacque?" Then, more frankly, in the this, I gave my own name, which "Lost and Found" column •he knew at once.
"They call me MHob Waters here," I tiaements, Mrs. J. D. Deplane did not "You don't like the fuss and that, she said. "Thank you very much	exist, or did not read the papers, or	do	you,	sir?	Well,	there's	a	little
for forwarding my letters, though	did not want her seal-skin sacque.	something	on	the	other	aide	of	the
they were only circulars and things of | One day, after these advertisements account. There's the reward.”
"What reward?"
The spectroscope, by the aid of which we are able to tell what the sun is made of, was invented in 1859.
A scientist says the weight of the air
rude, it embarrasses a shy person, an<l yards square	¦¦
angers a passionate one, and It spoils all interest roused concerning the Information partly conveyed to th» audience*. And yet how often In the best circles do we hear half-a-dozen
I sunk upon a chair and groaned aloud
wise wife's advice, and why do I always regret had meant to do a good action, and the result was more imprisonment for the husband of Mrs. Waters and no end of worry and bother for my-
Oar hart was eying me ayrapathetio-
should occupy this place
Why do 1 never take my
l
Never interrupt anyone who to
t having taken it? I
the "Personal" col-
in
SALVATION ARMY.
When I looked up, Sergeant
Mark Hanoi’s description of the Sal- detective
No re-
plies were received to these adver-
ally.


ms-

Theories are a good deal like |X>vd a4r vice—easy .—At eh i set) Globs
—Baltimore Americas.




###PAGE###7###

O


-%



!
A BAD SIGN.
THE OPEN-AIR CURE.
VALUABLE INFORMATION.
POLITENESS
a cupful of yeaat, or half » cake of comprwod yeast dissolved to lukewarm witer.
Leave the spoon to the batter while
When ready to bake, take up by the apuomittl, but do not stir the batter.
L [he Home |
"%*%******
One Oceaelon When Jones Felt a Little Superstition*.
“I have never been superstitious,” said J ones, as he aw I led to himself. "As a matter of fact, 1 have poked a good deal of fun at those who were candid enough to admit that they had their pet superstitions, but \ shall do eo uo more, for I am not sure that there Isn't something in It after all.
“Now, when It comes to superstition in y wife Is about as bad as they make them. Every little Incident that happens during the day Is fraught with dire significance. My folks, who live lu a town not far from here, had Invited us to spend a couple of weeks with them, and I had been looking forward to the event with a good deal of anticipation, a feeling that Mrs. Jones shared with me. Just as we were about to leave the house for the railway station she chanced to look out of a window, gave a scream and fell back on a sofa with a face as white as a sheet
What Is the matter?’ I cried 1*
The word courtesy suggests a deal more than our common term politeness, but, like the quality It represents, it Is passing out of general use and rapidly becoming confined to the men and women who believe In oldtime ou*bom9, like chivalry and the sentiment which faded rose leaves
A Few Pamir inks WbUh Will *e Found
Worlh II 'milng,
Only 900 people In a million die of old age.
The Indian salt-tax brings in £8,000,000 a year.
There are eight submarine cables of over 2,000 miles In length.
A quarter of a pound of paint will cover one square yard, first coat.
Eleven million tons of British stone, worth, £8.700,000, are dug in a year.
In 18 8 Ur lit | h navy including Mnri-n s comprised L6.1I.8 m n It has n w 95,540.
Tenants occupy 27,800,000 acres of Great Britain and Ireland, owners only 4,0.25,000.
By British law, pheasants and partridges may not be killed on Sunday or on Christmas Bay.
Th i cost of 1 ving In England for upper-class families has risen 03 per
llwaflee ef Ike TrramiMt fee
lies Is Knalaxl.
For many years it was considered Lmp Ta live that con um pi Ives eh uld spend their winters in other climes (ban England if thy wished to survive. Thus i lea is still dominant, as witness th* large nurnbar of ailing people who hive already taken flight to foreign resorts.
Mmy con umptives j urney abroad with th; into ni hn of undergoing the open-air treatment, forgetful or unaware uf lb - fact I hat, as Ur. Charle* lb rnbirdt p lots out, there are at least -6 institutions in Great Britain, scattered over the principal English countries and in (Scotland and Ireland, wh re such treatment can be effectively carried out.
The routine is ri >L by any means $o rigorous as apprehensive people often th nk
brief due ptlam of sanatorium life.
remarks that on awak ng a tumbler of h »t to.Hk is sipped, and, after dressing, the pi tient rests on a couch in the ( p n uir, th»n partakes of a substantial breakfast.
Th**; >wh> are advised to walk are bol l hiW far to go, and as a rule they arc met at a prearranged spot, »o tbit th$ v.ffect of the exercise may be julgcd, and the doctor may satisfy b.mself tbii a suitable spend has been maintained, is th; pr lu I»' to another rest, or the stronger piti&nts take another walk.
Light ta^k* may be performed before bodtime, and then frame patients am Hont off to sleep in sintll chalets, where in calm weather all the windows are op.med and the patient sleeps in the fresh air.
Beat thoroughly and
A CHILD’S KISS.
(to thought or sense uosatisfied Th * kiss of children brings,
No after-taste of bitter things.
No tearfu.r prayer for peace denied, No shadow of remorse’s wings,
No sense of fallen worth and pride— Out from their lips contentment springs.

A LESSON IN ICING.
The recipes for icings given below have all been well tested and if the directions are closely followed they should give excellent results, amateur cook should remember that it is impossible to Ice a cake successfully which has been scorched; no matter how much care is exercised, the dark brown crumbs will work through, no matter how m iny coats of k ing are applied, and will eventually discolor the whole.
d Icing—Beat 1 ho whites of four eggs to a stiff froth, add twelve ounces of confectioner’s sugar and twelve ounces of ground almonds, or almonds which have b en blanched and pounded in a mortar, to a paste. Flavor with orange flower water, apply at once and let the icing set before the sugar icing is placed over
suggest.
Courtesy, in its true sense, means kindliness of spirit und gentleness of action.
It k barn in the heart and
Polit#-
The
permeates the entire being, news is a veneer which masks rough feeling and oompeU a manner which is not real, but pisses for more than
Lacking
The kiss of children wakes
The hope of endless better things.
It stirs our hearts, till memory sings
Of our lust innocence and takes
U« by the liand —that chid like clings
Te hers—along h r piths, and makes
Us nobler for the iruih I ha I breaks The dream the kits of children brings.
a very good imitation, courtesy, paliteuess is the most desirable quality to meet in this world, and the best investment a person
can make.
Courtesy prompts a woman to consider the feelings of others and forget herself in so doing. It causes her to reapood quickly to the call of •« • '¦> the past century.
ssr - :: zrrzz ~ "zrrz- ;r.
to her servants, patient with her M £11.100.000 wortn of foodstuffs dressmaker and considerate to the figure is, Lhe export list, clerks who wait upm h -r in the shops. U40 vessels of 8JÜ.ÜÜ0 tons drop In brief, it prevents her from doing u out of the mercantile navy of the
rude or unk.nd action.	I worU io a >tar- This excludee craft
Ali

Chas, Gordon Rogers.
Dr. J&vinhirdt, in a
M I
BUCKWHEAT CAKE SEASONABLE
alarm
Oh. John/ she sobbed, ‘I saw a black cat with one white foot go across the road. That mean a bad luck! We shall have to give up the trip to your folks/
H •
Tkw following article from the pen of an experienced chef, gives general direction# and deaciihes various methods of making wholesome, old-fashioned buckwheat cakes, which I it.
Nonsense!* said I.
I shall not move a foot/ said she In a voice that told me that there would be no use trying to argue with her. ’The train Is sure to he wrecked or some other dreadful thing happen!*
“1 knew that that settled it, and If 1 bad chanced to meet the black cat with the white foot that day I would have paid my respects to him. superstition or no superstition.
“Well, the next day a distant cousin of mine, to say nothing of bis wife and seven children, descended upon tia without warning and announced that they were going to pay us a real nice long visit
“1 have come around to my wife's way of thinking. There Is something In this black cat with a white foot business after all, but where abe made a mistake was Iti thinking that she could ward it off by remaining at home/'—Detroit Free Press.
«• «
Bride's Cake Icing—Beat the whites
are, et this time, so deliciously seasonable, sid such a welcome change am I of three eggs to a stiff froth.
• • 4
Add
of under 1UU tons
Some of us can
• bfenlifa.it dish	I gradually one pnund of confectioner s timenl Q, g wom3n who declared that
In	cold weather,	what more dell-	sugar, b.-atimg all the time. Beat	^	^	aW#	u	fr>Uow	oul	the I	101)	years	from	£1,000,1)1)0	to	nearly
cirmi	breakfast dish can be prepared	until	the mixture will not run when	[mpulse whlcb to|l,	h,.r	t0	retaliate :	£7,000,000.	The	mcreased_	value	uf
tha* buckwheat cakes, crisp, lighl I spread, and then add a few drops, or ^ q	hindled< < x.,ny a lime," game, and fUh accounts for this
amd pip ng hot, served with plenty { a grain or two, of ultramarine or in- #h(i ^ „hlfe ; turne,i with a sharp| There are no old maids in China; a of g	o I twitlcr and	maple syrup!	!‘S<'	blue. Mix this In carefully so
in I various I	th it	it will not atreak. Apply to
Th» rental uf Scotland has risen in
l he midday meal
who trod upon bu%Ijwnd is provided for each girl, lie
my heels or roughly jostled me, but it mu y not be to her liking, audit is
the cake with a broad, pliable knife | ^ ^	^ ^p| wh .u [ mirked the | not usually with her consent that
such as pi inters us» for scraping pa- | oftcnd(,r At wae a mao or wotnan | she is married.
tot wham l Ml pay b «use of ugli-
of feature, deformity of body or I edral at Westminster, now being
l simply could not built, is expected to cost about £o00.-
rebort for thi praoo
After trying many wtiy* of prvpiring lb»'m. we have finally settled dm wo on the first herein given us the most satisfactory, ini Ivttea
The gorgeous Homan Catholic Cath-
I:ing for Ornamentation—Brat the
It is a ree pe.
evwcy r»spent. of nil.	_	_
too. that never fails; but from varied wh:U\s of two eggs to a stiff froth, p^rty of utt.re-
personal experience • few general!- Add twelve ounces of confectioner's ^ ^ to *uc& a person, because l I UOl). tie* hive been evolved that may prove | sugar, beating it in thoroughly and felt tbe ^wfurtune was an excuse |
continuing the beating after It la in | ^ offense.
Add a little not; g h n g ever doe* excuse lack of I Britain who are wanted by the police.
good manners." That woman had ai '[h ; r ecord for sailing belongs to the liaise them overt the icing shows thi slightest tend- ^ sense of delicacy.	“Flying Cloud," which covered 420
nay SI w th yeast. Buckwh at U too eucy to run add a little more sugar.! Rudeneââ hia miny sources. Some- | mlloa iü ^ hours, over 17 miles an kMty a flour to b' dealt with sat- j ln making icing for ornamentation, j ttIluy [t fcpflnga from ignorance, some-bfartorily by any more rapid pro- | ü U well to make only a little at a iiuyQA from a coarse, hard nature. A coaa	| time, as the icing hardens in the bag qll:c^ temper occasionally prompts an
Let the batter stand for at least nnj clogs the pipas, and when this act for ^hich one would ordinarily twelve, or ev»n fourteen hour», liefore | begins, the. only satisfactory thing to j bllLih itujP p&jpie are not wanted,
filing,	I do. is to rej et what is left, clean the ^ m^Ui what their attainments. | employ.ug valuable portions of fowls
AIa.js leave a little of the latter | hag and begin over again.	j Courtesy finds an abiding place every- usually discarded as of no evident
Pink Icing—Use the above receipt. where, although it may not always use;
It wins in
ness
There are at the present time over Uf course, it was I 3,000 p< rsons living at large in Great
Y
helpful
yirat, never attempt to raise buck- I at least ten minutes, whrai cakes in any way but the good blue as in previous receipts.
In cace
*>
drl-fanhioned one.
hour.
Inique.
“There Is one point to which I wish to call your attention.” said the owner of a fine old volonial place to a prospective purchaser.
“What Is that?"
“This estate Is. I believe, absolutely unique In this particular among estates with buildings as old as this one.”
“And what Is this unique feature?”
“It was never occupied by Washington as headquarters."—Detroit Free Press.

V

DISHES FOR T1IE INVALID.
v


We give below n novel method of
m w
¦vr
m
—about a cup'ul—to *erve ai sponge
for the next nig hi, instead of gciting I omitting the blue uni using ai*
col I weather this twelve drop* of liquid cochineal, ac- i t^. end.
\
Comparatively few housekeepers ap-
nutr.ment
give personal benefits.
Selfish p^ple do not for- I predate the amount of get the cream uf life, and rude that is wasted with every pair uf not forever exempt from chicken's or fowl's Let that is thrown
m
J ^
fresh y^vist. In
plnn ran be Huro-ssfully pursued for I cording to th.' shade required.
â m*«'k or ten days without setting Yellow Icing—Sometimes supply, but in every other re- mad^ byg
Sprrt-witb the exception of (be | instead of the whites, but this will yr*»i y«m mix th* bitter as at first, not forgetting to bat it up well.
Ia mixing, n I ways sift the dry mind into this

ever
this is people are ng the yolks of the eggs rétribution.
>v
A practical test of the value
away
of these usually despised portions is to bdl one pur in a saucepan by themselves until the banes fall apart, and then note the quantity of jelly thus obtained.
USL
Golden Silence.
Mamma—You're very fond of your dolly, aren't you. dear?
Little Ethel—Yes. She's nicer than anybody else I know.
Mamma-Oh. no. She’s not nicer than your mamma.
Little Ethel—Yes. she Is. 'cause she don't never ’sturb me when I'm talking.—Philadelphia Press.
ran ly bring satisfactory results in
ornamenting. It is beat to make ^ practice of kissing the hands white icing, end to have a little aaf- ^ instituted bY thti early ltoluan
gr-i.u illy., 2L3. -J	ZlZl.,: — -* --1» — “ —
ancient kissing
ft i
The feet are the
gradients together,
in the liquil
bee ting the batter hard the wh.le. ^ icing, until the required shade is Nevrr piur in all the I qui I at once, obtained. If the moisture thins the	^	a t ,iu.
or attempt to mix the dry mgrcdi- icLng t0(> much, a little more sugar //^ tfae i<j6a ttklt the proper este into the liquil. M.i m an may be added.	homage due to their exalted station
ïr™ — : rs
die turned oeer the top is good, and ^ of	tho color at home, K or>8	waa reserved as
** in a warm place to rise.	aDd the preparations for coloring ^	mark of eondeeoenamn or dis-
lm the morn.ng jut * <>«p	1 green, arc generally regarded with tinotiw.n for officers of high rank,
tog. th n the batter to the right con-	The juice extracted from , R/>^nn tatbera considered the prao-
aiatenvy, ailowmg an even lea-	u some times used, and this ^ hissing of so delicate a nature
•pw>nful of soda to a fourth of a cup- harmjMa, though the process of
Bast the bitter just

y
W
muât easily cleansed of any portion of
i .	. the bird, b.«ause the thick outer skin
custom was tp * caD be removed entire, like a stock-
rh68e W°rthi“ 1 • To do this the feet should not
be allowed to boil, as the skin will
as one of respect, and under the fiiat
Caesar» the
[if
mg
M
Not Guilty.
adhere to the b>nea, but they should be plunged into hjt water, not boil-a I iug, and allowed to stand for two or
1 he skin will then
li*i
a
1
1
three minutes, readily loosen at the top and draw off to the cla ws.

The latter should
be cut off.

Chicken Jelly—To make chck-n
that they never kissed their wives in
:EH-‘EEB?E E2-BE HE it i »	=
pi red as described above, in a sauce-
*
silk-finished
Frock of old-roses
(ul of milk
enough to mix in I hr soda, which will rise in a fro* b.
-	ln)rk» b.nt 'h'- km, more FATTY FOODS FOR CHILDREN.	^ J the 1WfUthi (or -m those
than oth-rs, so Un right cona.stenry a speaker on food values for children *	[10W. kissing waa not a mere I pan. Add one pint of cold water] J
osn bîobtiinedonly by exp riraenung recently urgcd her hearers to take _	BJn but it was the span- •“'cry pound of chicken. Heat slow-
breakfast cereal, gets a piece of lean,	. worldly goods in and bay haves may be used for f.avur- ture on th< sl < vos. 3Li(tiLil requir Model—Sir. I’m not a working mod....... •*» «? * — ttr tt «< w ....	... z,„i';sr„rr.o..7,".r.: •* •**-«*.**	>-».	n,„.
potato »t noon and a d»h of bread Mrr|a orremony, and U abe died ^rUen,
and milk at night, that bis diet is suf- herLtage descended to her near- or soup by thinnmg slightly with ficiently rich. He still needs fat	.	builihg water.
which can be got in pure butter, rich w	‘	Chicken Soup-To make chicken	..No	«nid the statesman "It
st rj£ «! take	, 3HEB3HE	%.*:=::%%%
be taught to like pure olive oil, thin Though the morning nap is a pernhi-0( rice, n small piece of papeterie is elaborately decorated,and even in high places. Is perhaps one of which nothing	is	better	for	them.	oufl thing in many ways,	yet many of	onion, the season ng, bits of th** meat
Specialists	in	tuberculosis	sgrve	that	ufl are inciined to be indifferent to the	and cook untid the rice U done. Re-	^	changed.
=-^-rr^-ris srssrar	.J	. ¦
does not mean accumulation of flesh to reed care(ully and heed the opin-	WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.	p,,pular, a3 well a, me bank-note.
necessarily, hut t e a otp ion o a jon 0f j)r# Ewart of Havre, one of a|r j£arconi has lately succeeded in cream laid, kid and linen finishes, are “That’s right,’’ said the short haired sufficient amount o e special e e- Europe s most learned and celebrated modifying his receiving and trans- all quite out of the running to-day. young man. “It seems to me that m- nt w hich is to e go rom atty physicians: "No amount of simple rest	appliances in wireless tele- The correspondence supplies now every time you get a dollar you've got
foods, the Eskimo iving in polar ^ the body can do duty for fllecP graphy in such a way that they will Oome in pastel or the deeper tones, to disappoint somebody else who waa latitudes on a diet of whale-blubber Though mere repose may satisfy the I , w d to each other when pro- having a cartridge and burlaps fin- after the same piece of eoin.”-\Vash-knows nothing of pulmonary affec- need8 of our vegetative life, sleep alonei jy tuned in sympathy. The result ^h.	,ngton 8tap'
lit>nfl"	—that profound sleep which the Poeth tbat messages can now be trans- The pastel tinted sheets are cut
ha» likened to death—can mak* good m-tted without danger of their being quite small, indeed; it is an evidence the* wear and tear of	the higher	UDderfltood at any station except that	0f good	taate	just now	to use small-
nervous centers.”	which is furnished with the proper	sized	piper	for letters	as well	as
A famous blind oculist, Dr. Javal, j It may be truly said that nature wi lc-yer jn this manner two mes- notes, and all the stamping is done a member of the Paris Academy of have her own. if not the strength and	bav<,	sent simultaneously in very small script or old English
Medicine and director of the Sor- health-giving, sleep of life, then j to the 8ttme place, each being record- lettering, bouini* Ophthalm«j.logical Laboratory, much sooner the silent sleep of «lea m ^ o on the apparatun specially at-tki6 been promoted to the highest rank Certainly one of ttic prevailing sins of	^ receive it without affecting
in thj French Legion of Honor and our time is the headlong rv< k • m s, ^ Qth€f apparatu9. The necessity decorated with the Black Eagle. Dr. | and high-pressure speed with wl..<h extremely high masts from which
rr	,
sixty years old, he continues his acien- ] matter of proper sleep w ill do better -
who defiantly di»ob«j the law. which slender poplar-treea growing by the »umdo«e not ntike the drunker brutal God has implanted in their very beings roadsides and brooksides. Two or but morose, th re is no doubt tbit,
three times in 20 years the branches *o far as the victim of the vice him- been after him for two weeks.-Ohio
concerne I, at is even more State Journal.
making it is tedious.
pinne, small gold butions, and old-forl rose satin ribbon laced over the but-
Small plaited panel of old-
lil »use waist with
Of heat.
a quarter of an inch in thickness.
Buckwheats— Measure
Break last
To four cupfuls of sifted
5 yards
t&e flour, buckwheat add a scant cupful of eornme.il and a rounded tea spoonful
Sift these ingredients to-
Thid can be used for broth
Onr !.*men*nr.
“Politically, sir. It may be said you are on the fenceY” we asked.
NOVELTIES IN NOTE PAPER
got her and make into a batter by stirring gradually into it five cupfuls of lukewarm water and a compressed yeast cake dissolved in half a cupful of lukewarm water, the batter bird. Oover closely and
the quality of th** piper itaolf has the ligna of our latter day degeuera-
Cadet gray. I tion.- Indianapolis Press.
Beat
-
Let
set to rise in a warm place, stand twelve or fourteen hours, the morning, just before biking the 'lakes, stir an cvçn teaspoon fui of soda Into a quarter of a cupful of milk and pour this into the batter, this lightly in, just enough to mix the soda, and bake on a hot griddle. Keep the cakes closely covered and send to
In
Stir

Her View of It.
Kate—I wouldn’t marry him If he were the last man on earth Jane—l would.
Kate—What for I’d like to know? Jane—Ob. just to spite all the other women.—Detroit Free Press.
the table smoking hot.

Buckwheat Cakes (Southern Recipe.)-Make one pint of buckwheat flour into a very stiff batter with a yeast cake dissolved in lukewarm water.
prepare them for breakfast, beat one egg very light and stir it in; also add a tablesp
cupful of sweet milk. Put in a handful of corn-meal and beat all thoroughly until the batter looks smooth and light. If too thick, more sweet aailk may be added.
Buckwheat Cakes (No. 2.)—To a quart of buckwheat flour, allow a large spoonful of yeast and a jit tie ¦ait; make into a batter with cold water; let it rise well and bake it on B griddle. It sours quickly if allow ed to stand long after it has risen.
Buckwbittt Griddle Oakes.—Take five wooden spoonfuls of buckwheat flour, three wooden spoonfuls of Indian meal, one at wheat flour and a teaspoonful of aalt. Make jo to a batte»- with iiikewarm %a er, a *d half
A BLIND OCULIST.
In the morning, when ready to
Wild Life In the llonwe.
"Have you ever had nuy trifling adventures. Penelope?"
“Yes. Once I stood on the nrm of a
PETROLEUM DRINKING
fttl of syrup mixed with a


The habit of drinking petroleum is
¦¦¦ alarming extent in I couch to fix a window curtain, and
It has ap- j the couch shot across the room with
me.”—Chicago Record.
an
many districts of France, parent 1 y been prevalent (or some considerable Lime without being reoog-
POPLAR BRANCHES
A I’llKltlVP.
Funny biz—Biffer Is a fugitive from
Eexymark—No!
Funnybis—Yea. The gas collector’s
BLACK DIAMONDS.
The onily place where “black dia-
Oolorado has sold 60 acres of timber of these poplars are trimmed, and the *df is near Devil’s Head. Maul., where it is light wood thus obtained is dried and | deadly than ordinary drunkenness
estimated there are 30,000 grey squir- sold to bakers, whose practical science up by divers. Others are obtained by rels; which have lived and multiplied has taught them that the quick, in tunneling mountains. The largest there for years, protected by public tense heat produced by burning pop specimen ever frond wee worth $20,- scofUmr nt. Th- .quirrels will be lar is excellent for giving a thick
spared by th wood-cutters.	crust to their bread.
monda” are found is in the Brasilian province of Bahia.’ They are usually found In riverbeds, and are brought
Brilliant Henry.
Economical Wife—Henry, we must cut down our expenses this month. Can you think of anything we can do Without f
Henry—Well, there’s your mother, for Instance.— Plttebirrg Dispatch.

POINTERS ON GOOD FORM.
First ealla should be returned with-
in a week or ten days.
000.



###PAGE###8###


GREAT
CLEARING
SALE.
McCUIRE’S
Spring is Coming!
CLOTHING.
O O O O O O
Gentlemen : We have nl>out 20 Suit sengths of Fancy English Worsteds that we procured at a bargain, They are the newest and most up tola to goods on the market, usually
t	°
selling at $1S. Our prit two weeks—$15 cash, mings, just the same as if you paid full price, and wo put the “ McGuire tit and finish on them all.
Boots & Shoes
$2,000
worth

Our First Shipment of
Cotton Goods
now in stock.
of

• • • •

TO BE SLAUGHTERED
During the month of February at
i
lor next No. 1 trim-
t
The SHAWVILLE BOOT & SI{0E STORE
I'o make room for a fresh stock of Spring Goods, which
tbout the 1 st of March. We have decided
we expect
to sell our entire stock of Boots, Shoes, Mitts and M 1
casing at cost prices and under.
Come early and have your choice.
j See our Prints
and Ducks.
WWW 11
Mc CUIRE The TAILOR.
y
P. S.—All Winter Goods at cost.
SHAWVILLE.
ulT< ISITK VONT!At' Mot's*
M- STEWART
Sale of Lands for Taxes
Now is the time for the women to do their sewing before the Spring rush comes on.........................
Province of Quebec,
aMtice of the Municipal Council the County of Pontia
1st Division.

l
Province Je Quel we,
It un* au du Conseil Munieijwl du Comte de Pont in
Ire Division.
I
I
1 H EH KD Y <S1YK NOTICE that the lands hereinafter m. utwmd
the village of
.IK DONNE AVIS par lo present guv les terres ci après décrite-seront vendues par- encan publie, il la salle du comté de Pontiac village de Bryson. MERCREDI le SIXIEME jour de MARS prochain, il DIX heures de l’avant raidi, pour cotisations et frais inentionvs Julies differents lots et parties de lots ci après décrite-, a moins que les dites cotisations ne me soient payées avec les frais encourus avant le jour fixe pour la vente.
u ill he sold bv public auction, at the Council Hall, in Bryson, on WEDNESDAY, the SIXTH day of MARCH next, at I KN o'clock in the forenoon, for the assessments and costs due to the municipalities hereinafter mentioned, upon the several lots nr parts . f l"ts hereinafter described, unless the same be paid to me with co-'- »« -ore the aforementioned day of sale.
au

o
We expect our regular Dry Goods to arrive in a few days.

Taxes Mu
n ici pales.
Municipal
Taxes.
Taxes dv voles

Costs
Etendu
Rang
N oui sur le Hole
Name of Municipality
T ‘till
L.t
Sell H.l Taxe-.
Frais
Extent
Range
Name on As-v<smont \l 11
Nom de Municipalité
Prices always right.
i
‘J I'm
- 115
:t 47
4 84
I :u$
•J 84 L> 2R 1/ 55
10O
15
Bourque Joseph Campbell 1>. J.
do ..., Duolos Auguste... Docherty Daniel .
Caboul y T. C...
I nknowivlnctmini
Moore David.....
Martin E. T.....
Nolan Thomas....
Alofikli»
47
150
E. HODCINS & SON.
1 N o L 41, 41?. 45 1» S A 41. all
1» 9:...........................
l X A ‘yj.......................
do
I
4 84
1>I
i
do
i :«

100
a
*J 54

80
do
J L*9 •J 55 I :U 1 55
IOO
*4
do
1/0"
4o, 4*
do
i 5;s
50
>
4 S
4 S I 49....................................
1 N W—N «* J 55. N \ : *1 and 57 «and 58....................................
do
1 55
50
do
do
44
44
175
100
1 44 I- 79 59 7'<
I 44 4 h9
8	4>........
5 Bait—Part 5 Part—Part
Reuckwald Ferdinand........
Jewell William..............
Kelly Terres-1 and other-..
Kennedy J«dm estate "f—vtaf
do
I HO
i
i; 9" 15 <m;
1-5
î
V%%%V>WW\ wv\v
57. Village 1 A 8 do
C’HUKAl* \ I LI VO
1 'HI
2/1/ 74
15
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ! ARE HALF SOLD
do
do
II
1
do
»
IK 51
1 ( HI
: 5 2
1-5
? 99
(1
Part—Partie 5 \	S\\-S(l,l, 19
:i	23, 24......."...
8	S VA 18........
4	N E A 23.......
?î	W — i » A 4	and all 5 and »
4	12, 13.............
5	14, 15...........
4	43.................
tie
do
do
49 Absen
1 5t
1 84
10O

*làV
Anderson Arthur.. I nknown -Inc«»nmi
Roy Andrew........
« 1 Riley James...
Irwin Th Pack John
Bristol
71 13 31 1.5 M o; 7 30
:8 71
34 42 I»; 5*
T'jhuy well, watch the latest ;uiccs ami in
TRADE PRESS
490
do
15 07
>0
do
5 33
» 33
Î99
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
w.	Sample» . ret
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
do
7 39
I
150
vi-
ls. A
C A WOOD
200
o
do
10 49 33 92
Official Time Table :
10 49
33 02
200
do
i
do
114
Meehan William..............
McRae Mis. Ceo. estate of—
état de...............
iConroy John................
Burns B. estate of—vtat de... Crawford Robert or Henry
' Brown.....................
McCuaig David...............
Stevens William or Horner... .
Dale John...................
Woolsey William.............
Beaudoin Jean...............
Daley J oseph...............
Mulligan John U.............
AN
CHU HFSTLR
5.4.5 Leave
Aylmer ? Breckenrldge ? ‘Kardlcy Parker’* Crossing r.Mohra Qnyon Wyman'a ? Tank Brlntol McKee’* Hhawvllle Clark’*
Campbell’* Bay ?Tank VVInton Coulonge •Mellon* Waltham
Arrive P.45
do
i
15 50 75 81 11 23
13 50 75 81
11 23
f>.2i
6 00
iO
2	49 B.
1	4, 5.
3	9, 10
do
If
6.12
» .06
207
M
8. S3
6.18
do
109

6 26
• «
8.5)
do
M
«
6.37
6.40
NOTICE.
M
b.22
Litchfield
6.47
7	69
8	14
6 30
2 69 2 85
9	90
7	09
8	14
100
7 F A 28.
i s ft j 8
6.56	•*
66
8.14
do
1
50
66
66
6.08
6.58

do
«•
Notice i> hereby given that application will In* made to the Parliament of Canada at it- next session, for an Act to amend the Act relating to the Ottawa and Gatineau Railway, and to change its name to that of the Ottawa, Gatineau and Western Rail wry ; to empower it to acquire or amalgamate with the Pontiac Pacific Junction Railway Company; the Hull Electric Railway Company,* the Ottawa and New York Railway Company, the Ottawa Interprovincial Bridge Company, the Ottawa Electric Railway Company, the Kingston and Pembroke Railway Company, or any one or more of them, a:.d to exercise the |x>wers, franchise and privileges thereof, or to acquire and to hold the stock or 1 »onds of any one or more of them ; to issue stuck, common or preferred, and bonds secured by mortgage or upon income, to such amount as may be necessary for the purpose of the undertak ing. And also to authorize the company to acquire, work and dispose of, mines and timber lands and the products thereof ; to aeon ire, erect, use, and dispose of pulp, and paper mills ; and to acquire, use and dispose of. water powers for electrical tnd othei purposes^^^
M
6.02
7.04
?i 30 2 6m
m
28
5
«
7.52
7.26
• 6
do
100
»
7.81
10	FA 22..........
11	3a:............
12	N A 15 or 151» 12 :N l 4 oi 4v ..
145 and 146..
<<
•<
7.45
do
2 85
7.16
too
»•
M
50
1
North < hsiow do do
7.14
8 03
66
9 90 3 85 7 94
100
7.04
8.12
66
66
{ 87,
100
I
830
6.54
M
do
do
•«
6.7
2 82
14 05
1.47
66
i 29
Leave 6
%AS Arrive
•Flag Station. tTank. t'FIag Station
VlLLAGK OF tjVYuN


House and 3 lots more or less sit uated ou West side of Pickanock street and bounded on North by land of J. G. Elliott, on South and West by land of Robert Dagg.
Maison et 3 lot plus au moin au cote Ouest de la Rue Pickanock. Borneo au Nord j»ar le terrain de J. G. Elliott, au sud et < >uest par le terrain de Robert Dagg.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.

P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT

$3 7b

33 76
Village of Shawvillf Hodgins Andrew

OTTAWA A GATINEAD Rf

I

Fall and winter Time Table
>5 5 65 5 65 5 65
2 25 2 25 2 25 2 25
; 40
215
1 1
Smith Bernard
Waltham
3 40
272
* e e e
j
1 2
do
Tatting effect Nov. 24, 19v0
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa...
no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa..
Nos. 1 and 2 daily except Sunday
do
3 4"
151
1 3
do
do
49
182
1	4...*
6 11... 4 122... 3 ,41. 42
do
iOOp.m 1025 a m
do
55
»•>
Estate of -état de George Bryson sr.....................
M ANSKIKLh
55
K)
do
I 10
1 19
II. B. Mc GIVEHX,
:	Solicitor for said Company
Dated t»r Ottawa the 11th davofJwiu ary, 11101.
do
do
i
For tickets and further Information apply to entra. Chamber.. OU.,..
üen’IHupt
WILLIAM Or. LeROY, Secretary-Treasurer,
Corporation of the First Division of the County of Pontiac Corporation de le Premier Division de Comte do Pontiac.


50 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
PATEN TS
Bryson, 4th January, 1900. Bryson, 4me Janvier, 1900.


If

PROMPTLY SECURED
Last week's Arnprior Watchman says: — A company claiming to have ten million dollars a', its back, are seeking to develop the water power of the Chats rapids, and prophesy that within five years the village of Fitzroy Harbor will have a population of 10,OUO citizens. The company ask concessions from the township, and to bring matters to a focus a public meeting will be held in the school house at Fitzroy Harbor on Friday afternoon, Feb. 15th, at two o'clock, for the purpose of discussing to what extent, if at all, the township would feel like assisting by bonus or otherwise the company. The meeting will be addressed by L tuts Simpson, Esq., O. N. Kidd, E q , M. P. P , ar;d others.
of the northern Transvaal have risen against the Boers.
THE WAR.
XWite for °ur interesting books " lovent» or s help " and *• Mow you are swindled/' Semi us & rough sketch or model of your invent ton or i mprovement and we will tell you fre« our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Rejected applications have often oeen successfully prosecuted * y us. We conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal and Washington ; thisqualifies us to promptly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents
furnished*thCinvenliuu- Highest references,
Patents procured through Marion & Ma ! Z0''**»''* special notice without charge in,
n,omSpeprr5 ,li!ltributcd lbrou^out;
tu^!,tti,«nrVbueine" °' Minu,lc";
MARION & MARION |
Pstsnt Experts and Solicitor*, i
Offices
Lumber
Trade Marks Designs
COPYRIGHTS &C
ssuse
9fK(UU notice, without charge. In the
Scientific American.
~"HSEîrtiïB3E£-
hEtiATr'rzSsB!1

BOLUS ON LAS I LFX4R.
New Yotk, Feb. 12.—A special cable to the New York Herald from London dated today, says;
“A very curious sentiment prevailed in London yesterday in regard to the condition of affiirs in South Africa. It was one of supreme hopefulness; so much so that there has never been any such buoy ancy of sentiment since Lord Roberts took Pretoria.
“There is absolutely no doubt that news has reached here from German sources, showing that the Boers are pretty nearly at their last stand in their continual harassing. The development of Gen. Kitchener's well-laid plan leaves them in a well-nigh hopeless condition.
London, Feb. 12—A special despatch from Pretoria says Gen. Dj Wet crossed Orange river north of Nopal's Point, Sunday night, going in the direction of Philipstown. The British are fvlowing.
TIRING OF THE WAR.
Williston, Cape Colony, Feb. 11.--Col. Delisle’s column has arrived here. The Boers moved in three columns toward Vaowyksvlei
The Dutch here say the Boers have decided if Christian De Wet's incursion into Cape Colony is not successful that they will treat with a view to surrender, being tired of war.

Sawing.
I wish to inform the public that I am prepared to do eus
both lumber and
tom sawing shingles—at reasonable rates, and am also prepared to pay Cash for any quantity of good Logs delivered at Hodgins’
Brick Yard.

lier. W. M. H. Qusrteimsine, a» will be remembered, «et out lut year to collect $800 in one dollar lubtcription» towards Trooper Mutiny, of Wimheater, Ont., the building of the new St. Paul a church who lost hi, eyet.ght while lighting for in couree of erection, So a..iduoU,|y did the empire in S ,u.h Afric», ie now home I he proetcute hi, work that by the diet of Lut Wednesday morning the family December he had the money all coHeeled, honioatead w„, completely de.troyed by After Lent he will set out to collect an
7	7	additional $600.-Renfrew Journal.

Vienns. February 11.—Former King Mi Un of Servis is dead. The former King expired at four o’clock this afternoon. He passed a sleepless night last, and for several hours before he passed away was not able to take nourishment.
NATIVES HAVE RISEN.
London, Feb. 12.—The Cape Town correspondent of the Standard says reports have been received there from Delagoa Bay, asserting that the natives
Mr. William Lount, K. C , has been appointed jus'ici of the High Court of Ontario.
less
J. J. McCLEARY.
tire
Shaw ville, Feb. 11, 1901


























