###PAGE###1###
ERREURS) DE NUMEROTATION
m

No. I :!
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY. SEPT.
17 th Yeai
81.00 a Year in Advance.
•J8,	1800.
I e
from < fttawn ami L'.\ tig

i
P
i
BANK OF OTTAWA
)
I
ill
The i
* v
Ç »!
1
11
uv tho lnn#l.
Mr. D. Ltiu
re this wvv!
i
Head Ollier Ottawa Canada»
Capital (fully paid up) . Pl,fiU0,000 <
. $1,170,000.00
h
N
f
lie!
OP CANADA.
. - $6,000,000. MÎSSti!
i
INE FURS
f 181» »
Cl
lient
1
f 11
w
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000
Hoard of f fi rectors : Chaules Maukn, Emq., President. Geoiiûb H a y, esq., Vice-President.
H<in. O ko. r.RVjios, Je Alex. Fkahlr, Exy,
Fh
il
t!
i
s week
Miss Katu Kilk and Mi<s I.i;
•lit t<» < Htawa 1 huis lay.
M r F. Murt . h otter Lake House TIi . t - shan y Mrs. Penaud A lieu Smith, of Huddersfield, went to ( 'larundon T rid ay.
Mrs. K ht. Farrell spent the week in Ottawa.
M
!
wimt tu. their tini
v
t 1
Ri\
1
t
n iinm
¦¦ilwindl^m
a crisis from manat i settled one wii In short, till the Bovi's oru «• moot e\en I
re went to Shaw ville ica» railway stocks
LOAnrn the otheh way
Head OHire, • Montreal.
Johw Mathkr, Ksq David MacLarbs, Hw
1
w

I«
Ills
D ex Ma M ultra V, E*vi.
SUA\VVILLE IIIttM'II,
General Manager, .. , Manager,
GEORGEBURN D. M. FIN NIE
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
r another, 01
t v retched 1
nglv with
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collect# d.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and interest allowed.
mother our fmoli
I...1 t
touch A met
A little early to talk Furs, perhaps, but it's a very important line and one in which we are particularly strong for the coming season.......................
Drafts l^ued on «11 Banking po'nfs $u the Dominion, United States and Great Britain.
Notes and Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current
rates.
Sums of |l and upwards received ii Savings Department. Interest credited halfyeaily.
Office Honrs—10 a. m. to 3 p. in. Saturday 10a.m. to p. m.
Mi
Wm. M
Friday.
Mi. 1\ M and M
Kdith Farrell went
HS
London, Sfpt. Lfh.—The attempt to hold a pro-]hier and anti-war demonstration at l’vafalg'ir Square, yesterday after-ivxin, resulted in disastrous failure. Thousands assembled but not to support the speakers. < hi the contrary the crowd waved Union Jacks and s ing the National
.	, s , ,	, Anthem and “Rule Britania,” like
Tlireslung is now the order of t ie day. mighty invocations. The speakers, who
Many of onr farmers have commenced were Quite inaudible, were received with their fall s ploughing.	groans, decayed apples, eggs and other
Miss M. Smith, of Quyon, is visiting milles. There wire cheers f r Mr.
in * .	' lcm!ry*.	Chamberlain and hisses for President
The opening service in the new Ger- I Kruger. The list of speakers included man church on Sunday was very largely none of special influence, most of them attended.	being labor leaders or socialists. r. ..
**lss L. Ross, who is attending the members of the peace associations had .... . haw ville Academy, spent • un day with opportunity to address the crowd. They her parents in the village.	were saluted with execrations as soon as
Mr. J. > . Armstrong, who has a tHey mounted the platforms and were large contract for cutting logs on Mr. obliged to stand, smiling complacently, Davidsons limits, commenced cutting during the singing of the National An-this week. We undersUmd he intends to them, and the wild cheering for Mr. employ (pute a large number of men and | Chamberlain teams
to Simwville Saturday.
Mr. Wm. Sutherland was also at Shaw ville Saturday.
Office Hours .Saturdays .
10 A.M. TO 10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager
I'. M
Sans Ceremonie
Ü.T. CENTRE
Have you tried Dowd's 44 High Loaf ’ Flour ?
LOCAL NEWS.
We have received Five Cases of the very Finest Goods ever shown iq this section,
le of St. Paul's church, _ hanksgiving Social in on the evening of Wednes
The young peopl intend giving a T1 Elliott s Hall day, Oct. 11th
Are you using Dowd's Flour ?
Arnprior’s rate of taxation is for public Gchool supporters 24 1 10 mills, separate school supporters, 28 7-10 mills,
The Equity goes to pressa day earlier this week, on account of the exhibition falling on our regular printing day.
Tic ks Filled.—George Cater is prepared to fill and deliver ordinary straw ticks for 10 cte. each. Extra large ticks, 16 cts.
Mr. Masterson, of Chichester, is cei-tain he has rich deposits of minerals on his property.
Mr. John G. Poupore, who has just re turned fiom the Atlin gold fields, reports that country very rich in deposits of the precious metal.
Wanted Immediately. —A Blacksmith with good experience for a general jobbing shop. Apply to Richard H. Thompson, Bristol Corners.
Attention is called to the fact that the insurance companies require that a ladder and a barrel of water be kept at hand where threshing is being done by a steam threshing machine. The regulation should be strictly enforced. Owners of barns are likely to lose their insurance if they neglect to comply.
Mr. R. G. Hcslgins returned home with hisbride(nee MissO’Harro, of Masham) on Friday evening, receiving the customary salutation of rice, etc., on alighting from
Just such as you will see in the city stores, from the leading makers
in Canada.
The
no
Everything New and Up-to-date in
STYLE AND FINISH.
Their attempts to put
, their resolutions to • vots were the met-
Mr. August Rose, of (. larendon, spent ^ dumb show. M.i. Henry Hyndinan,
Sunday with friends here.	the Socialist leader, was a particular oh-
Mr. Robert Holt was over to Arnprior jevt ()f animosity. He was menaced with on n eunesday of last week.	la forest of walking sticks when he tried
to speak.
rl lie shouldering of a soldier and] a marine, their hands clasped in procession around the square, provoked frantic en-IS.iiiril met this 23rd day of September, [thueiaem and whs altogether an impies-18!W. Members present, Ralph 11 origins, lHlve incident, the multitudes bursting in-C'hairman; Commissioners, John Grant, t > the song .Soldiers of the Queen. James C. Armstrong and Robert Smart. ^ here were several ugly rushes for the Minutes of last meeting read.	platforms, which were surrounded by op-
Moved by John Grant, seconded by piments of the demonstration, who yelled Jas. Armstrong, that the minutes of last fiercely. finally the mounted police meeting as now read he and are hereby werô billed to clear the square. Batons
confirmed.__Carried.	w ere freely used ; several persons were
Moved by John Grant, seconded by trampled upon by the horses nnd Robert Smart, that F. Tippins get a re- I arrests w ere made, hateof fees of one child for the past year, In ma»y i,£ the passing omnibuses and that he will just pay for two chil- which cairy small l uion Jacks, the pas dven for the present year, up to :UJth I eengers lifted the tings from their socket, June, 1903,-0 rried.	|and wavelthem vigoiously.
Moved by Robt. Smart, seconded by Jas. C. Armstrong, that Jas. Creek be paid SI5.40 for his work at school X
(ariicd.	Iermaritzburg, Natal,
Moved by Robert Smart, seconded by !ieVed that the protracted sitting of the Ju’-n Grant, that it he and is hereby re- , )r;ing3 Free State raad is due to the el-solved end ordained, that a rate of one alM,ration of defensive measures. N< half of one cent in the d»»!l..r rain has fallen in either republic, and it every dollar on the collection roll he and | |s doubtful whether the Boers can commence hostilities before the end of < October.
the train at the station here. The happy young couple were then driven to their
elegant new home, wh eh was cheerfully lighted up and otherwise made ready for their reception. May they 1 ng he spared to enjoy it happily together.
Ottawa's big fair closed on Friday evening last, after experiencing the disadvantage of two weeks of broken weather, which militated considerably against it from a financial point of view, as was evidenced from the receipts, which fell short of last year by something over $500. The gross amount of money taken at the gates was $22,801.04 In some respects the exhibition was ahead of last year, while in others it was scarcely up to the mark. But so far as the arrangements and management was concerned, there was évita nly a noted improvement.
Intending buyers should certainly inspect our Stock.
Excelsior
Schools of Clarendon
We offer
The Largest Variety, The Best Goods,
The Lowest Prices.
Mr. P. McNally, merchant, of Campbells’ Bay, has erected a grain shed in order to handle with greater facility the grain trade of that section.
UNDERTAKING.—The undertaking equipment of Cuthbertson & Graham is second to none in the district, and all orders receive prompt attention at mod erate charges.
The Shawville Marble and Granite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor tyrusout a superior class of work in Mon aments, iieacS^StS, etc. Prices reasonable
ee
some
J. H. SHAW.
Rev. Dr. Williams Coming
l MENUE J 1ST NOW
LOKKS CAN T
London, Sept. 25.—The special corre-1 uidvnt of the Daily Telegraph at Piet- »
It is be-1
1
Rev. T. G. Williams, D. D , will visit the Clarendon circuit oi the Methodist church, on Sunday, October 1st, and wi!l preach in the following p'acea : Zim, at 10.BO. a. m. ; Ebenezer, at 2 30, p. m.; at Shawville, 7. p m.; on Monday, Oc.• 2nd, at V inn, 7 p.tnjon Tuesday. N >rth Mr. R. W. Ralph, has leased from the I Bristol, a* 7 t>. in. He wi 1 preach in the Quebec Government, Murray and Mary interest of the Great St. James’ Methu-lakes, situated in the township of Clapham, ! diat Church, Montreal, and will solicit together with a considerable portion sur- collections and subscriptions in aid of the rounding the same, for fishing and hunt- deb*. Mr. Williams is a forcible and e1-
! oquent preacher and all will do well to e hear him.
The Annual Harvest Thanksgiving will he held in St. George s Church
' svr
I
vice
Portage du Fort, on Friday evening, the 211th inst., at 7.BO. Rev. Mr. Taylor, of Aylmer, will preach. A collection will he taken up.
P. S.—Ready-to-Wear Clothing*.
is hereby levied for school purp I the year beginning on the 1st «»f July. 1800; aNu that a rate <»f 25 cents pe, month for 8 months in the year, lie and is hereby levied on all the children in the Municipality from 7 to 14 years >>{ a^e, save ami only the children of scho >1 No. 1 that is levied as heretofore at 4 1 cents per montli.
es tor
VN?j hTATU'NF.1»
BO El
Cape Town, Sept. 23.—Special despatches from Charlestown announce that of a confession by George E. Pare, Pon-the town is tilled with sensational rumors, ton was re arrested on July 17, 1808.
According to these advices, there K | R >bt. Mackie, Of Belleville, and XV. H. reason to believe that fourteen large gun have been stationed on the Boer f.*on tier, in the direction of Utrecht.
RHODES STARTLING STATEMENT.
PERSONAL.
mg purposes.
Mr. John Shea, of Calumet Island, reported to have discovered some promising mineral deposits on his proper y there. The Blind is apparently a veritable bed of minerals, which only requites capital to bring to the surface.
Mr. Harry Knox is at present visiting in town.
Holden, of Boston, were also arrested for c implicit^. < >n August 22, 1898, Mackie was convicted and given 10 years, but
the jury disagreed as to Ponton’s guilt, visiting friends in this section at present.
a	zipermtch I The trial took place at Napanee, and at
' rho close of the trial there was almost a riot, the people making a strong detnon-
Orange Blossoms
(True Copy. )
Hi gh Math
Miss Edith Farrell, of Otter Lake, is
Once again in our midst the fate of a charming young couple was sealed. On
general news.	JT;".	. ,	.	, ____
e"r°rw°ilr please give information, and . a .ecuro knot in exactly twelve minutes'. London, Sent. 2Ô.--Acconuiv,- to a dc- now on tlie \eige of ivat.	A Deceased Miner’s Fortune Miss Martha Caldwell, left for Mon
...	| The euu «hone on the bride, and Mr.	to the D-tily Telegraph from The statement created a great impies-1 Claimed by Four Wc men. treat on Tuesday mornimr. where a he in— -	Jim,	Thompson	and	Mrs. Jones drove oil, followed by Gairo, General Lord Kitchener, G >ver- s o.i. Later, speaking on the same bill,	  tei.ds	spending	the winter months with-
iiiietol Corners, Que. best wiahee of their friend. for a happy nor-Genoral of tho Sudan, who is said to Mr. Rhodes pointedly indicated that Winnipeg, Man , Sept. 20-Rece t her sister, Mrs. Anderson.
*- -H OTTER LAKE & LESLIE. B,ga,di„E T™., M» -*—¦
„Si.u	”—““	McWher- Dwul-
tober 2nd, till Saturday morning, Got. :n Toronto Hosnital Deceased was the London, Sept. 25.—Another week has Kingston, Sept. 23.—William Walter tous rich mining claims. Sutton w; e 7th, for the purpose of drawing wills, ,	r ' ^hos Stcnhens and opened with the Transvaal situation McWherrell, in the penitentiary for life said to have left behind with his fortune
donations, probates, family settlement, , , -,	"	' r' xillsi,,lva marking time. No news has as yet been for the murder of a couple near Bramp- and estate no less than four women, who
etc. Parties interested will please keep |?	i(.	uncle a landholder nn there received of the delivery at Pretoria of the t ,n, died in the hospital yesterday. He claim the debased miner was their law-
these dates in mind.	and	was	trettimr nlonu verv well hut lust I ^ British despatch. The next big suffered for six months from consump- ful wedded husband, and what is veiy «
—¦Éllpï*
é.“« xsr&s. Ars„7 s s !	hi“ - m,*: I ajr srrjssas?- ss* a i «*«*. sx«. ». ?«.«.. Jïï a tAyziw. b».
Ben. in good spirits, and progressing fav- ‘	V,	, j PirW telegram from Calcutta announces the de- again n free man. At 12.30 today the na Bruce Sutton, of C hicago, who has
orably towards recovery from the critical | w ' s '	. * J' M ’ d Vr* n (V ! parture of the transport Scidhana for j j,',ry returned a verdict of “ not guilty.’ 1 several children. It is claimed that
operation which he was obliged to under- iz:»t ,mn %nd Mrs. und Miss Sutherland 1 <>uth Africa and the last transport for The Ponton case has become one of the j Sutton at one time resided in \\ mnipeg go; but it will be several weeks yet before ,	. . Ottawa Monday	. * the Cape leaves India to-morrow.	most famous in Canada
he will be enabled to leave the hospital. Mks Lowu arrived here from Ottawa New York, Sept. 25.-The Times' Lon- which Ponton was accused was of rob-
-tœ iu:	ar*?: ; fFFrEFEHF s
he ss? |=5%::%:: I eeebeebe |eee~™
Sec-Treasurer
Mi?» Alma Hobbs arrived here by train on Friday evening to spend a few days
with friends.
London. Su
23
Reward ol $100. —The Corporations of Bristol and Clarendon are jointly flaring a reward of $100 for the person
who stole Mr. Andrew Mc-
(
or persons
Credie’rt horse and Mr. J. Murray’s buggy, on the 7th of September last.
wnere


>
It is stated that the late Cornelius Vanderbilt left about §140,000,QUO behind
him
Church Services
Anglican Servk ks. —St. Paul’s Church, Shaw ville : Sunday morning, 10.30; evening, 0.30. Friday evening 7.30. Daily morning prayer, 8.30 a. in.
SlI A WViLLEMKTHODISTCHVIU’n. —Morning service, 10.30 ; evening service 7.00.
Epworth League—Monday, 8.00, p.m. Ladies’ Prayer Meeting- Tuesday, 7.30, Regular Prayer Meeting—Friday, 7.30.
Presbyterian—(Masonic Hall, Rev. Mr.
Back) Sundav. 10.30, a.m.
The



A number of the villagers, while ak the Ottawa exhibition last week, took occa


Crazed by Divine Healers.
Auburn, Sept. 22.—Because his mother, sister, daughter and wife became converted to the doctrines of the Divine Healers, who conduct a mission in Auburn, Ferdinand Schroeder, a tailor, of this place lott his reason, and has been taken to the state hospital at Ogdensburg. Schroeder protested against the acceptance by his family of the Divine healing idea, but to no purpose. The women believed in the doctrine and joined the society. After that they joined in an attempt to bring Schroeder over to the new faith, but failed to convince him.

i


The crime of
AGENTS Our book, ner and Supper, lightful cookery. It’s the best advertised, most patronized, least criticised and most eulogized. A snap for snap hunters,
BRADLEY-GARRETSON CO., Lt d.,
Brantford.
Breakfast, Din-is a revelation in de-



on








###PAGE###2###
k.'t, fntrh ng In n goxlly return, and
,,r i iv' « j "i t hr - h oken which come along
INTRODUCED BY HIS Shu. L
! niflkc a solution of one tea spoon ful of
| oxalic acid and out? teacupful of soft
cold water. Dip the stain in this, rub
and at once thoroughly rub in clear
;> preieut the rot tmg of the XVhen it is inconvenient to procure oxalic acid rub the fruit stain with soap, plaster it with wet starch and hang in the sun. Apply these again and again until the linen is bleached, JVlihtevv is usually removable by the same method, or by an application of lemon juice and sait, followed by exposure to the sun bleach the worst mildew it may he needful to make a thick paste of half a cupful of soft soap with powdered starch, half as much salt as starch, and the juice of one lemon. Wet both sides of the cloth with this preparation and let it lie on the grass over night, renewing the paste two or three Hints.
AOTAS JAP CCW.VPMTS
i lu»v are oui raised for stock
HINTS FOR
TME FARMER.
ilcllml U I*» lo miry N 0,1,1 Kiprrlr re 11 in, a Unlive llrnlrlnii TreMliiient.
HOUSEHOLD.
1XI! Hunter ndde: The man le short
sighted who doesn't consider and work l robably the oddest rase within for the profit from the market pout- exiwrionce was that of Lapuie, trv side of the business, as well as the | ra^(jw himself known profit from eggs. If he was losing some part of the egg profit by having an eye
on the poultry side, he had better stick skull, said a roodiea __ to the eggs ; but w hen he can make furlough from his work quite as much, or even a little more, | heathen
f h .'"mM M. 10 n t ' '' i * n 't1 ’ î>? b I ihnd "to" h?* I 61111 »¦	«» th* people get
ofwn best interest not to do so f It is know ua.	In fact there Is a rush to
like a railroad working for passenger gol the benefits of our medicine, which business only, and neglecting the | j fenr the
freight business
Partial confirmation is given to the rumors of the negotiation of an offensive and defensive alliance between China and Japan in the formal warning given by Russia against such a union The rumors, current for some time past, a re that agreement has already been reached with respect to the re-organization by Japuneee agents of tin* Chinese army, navy and civil service, the only thing rem lining to be nettled being the extent to which they aiv to control the finance». Doth the conservative and refont parties in Perkin art' said to favor the scheme, the former because they believe that, unless strong!hened from without, the am|'ire will collapse, the latter localise they think that under a government like tbit of Japan, they would bo free to extend their propaganda. It la the mandarins apparently who oh
my
water to fabric.
who
to me through
of his own
THIS MILKMAN’S IJKST AKHATOlt.
For a long time it has been generally supposed that unlk while still warm from the cow s udder waie less susceptible to odors than after it had become cool, but Dr. 11. L. Russe 11, the eminent bacteriologist, has shown this to be a mistake and that warm milk actually takes on more odor than does cold under similar conditions, Writes Mr.
W. Miwamnn. This is an important discovery, and throws much light upon the proper handling of milk for bwst results.
Clean m Iking, by clean hands, in as pure a stable atmosphere as obi a liable. mu U b * supplemented by a rap d a. 1 thorough cooling of the milk. Cooling at once le.sue ns the capacity of the milk to take up odors, arrests the process of fermentation, and, if well stirred during the cooling, tin* cream is kept from rising to the surface and will afterward more surely nun tin mixed with the milk w hile being distributed from the wagon. These are valuable considerations for
t*>ME COMMON MISTAKES
( he use of a detache
XS
It is a mistake to put paper (with vertical stripes in a hall, as they increase the apparent height ot the veiling, and consequently (ho narrow effect of the hall.
Have you ever sponged and pressed a garment with the greatest possible care, only to find the spots reappear the first tun* the garment receives hard wear t Tina is because it was not thoroughly dusted beforehand, or because the cleansing preparation was left in the goods. This last is a great in stake, as it leaves the spot very sunsusceptible to soi lu re. The suds, ammonia, or whatever was used should le
ternary on a
among the "We hive all sorts of peti-
te
To
heathen regard as some very potent magie. If our evangelical work were of the same sort of that our mad mal work is, I should expect the millennium.
STORIES OF ROSA BONHEUR.
success
Her I'urlriill Knlnllng of Buffalo Bill— Patience al Ilir Head of an Arl School.
"Hut about Lapuie
One morning
Mine. Isbert, a well-known minis- * wenl out to look over the specimens
ture p buter of Paris, once visited Rosa °* n,a^ or fancied injury which were
0 .nheur at By, and in the course of awaiting treatment. There was prêt.
nversât ion brought out an a I- | nearly every kind of tropical disease
in the outfit
NKXV IN COOKERY
Scallopedoysters,—Select firm, plump
oysters and scallop them evenly and neatly wiih a pair of sharp scissors.
Now, with a needle threaded with pink silk, if for a pink tea, or blue if you wish blue points, work- a buttonhole stitch around the scallop. Whoa finished press carefully on the wrong side with a hot iron.
Shirred eggs.—Carefully remove the shell from a fresh egg, and hold the white and yolk firmly in the left hand, Now, with a line needle and thread,
their <
removed ns completely as the grease, or the result will not oe satisfactory.
h s by i ubhing the p aoe thoroug h der Japanese guidance an end would iv witb the cloth wrung out in clear
bo put to their plundering, and who water, rinsing it again if needed.
The praci:cc w hich children have of tucking their stockings away m the shoes at night is a pernicious one. The ousies will induce them to put pressure stock, ngs should be hung acioss the
back of a chair w here they o m be thoroughly dried from perspiration, and i he shoes should be set where they can be well aired inside as well ns
This is especially necessary if theie is any tendency 'o excessive
perspiration ot the feet.
,	. .	,... . „	The too prevalent habit of many
piotest has not tiled Ivikin that the h -usekeepers and persons who are con-
conclusion of the proposed union will side red neat is to lei t he cats and dogs
have serious consequences for the dy- cat oil the dishes which are u ed by
nasty. Thus far the other powers ’|j*'	-sucii a dangerous and fil.	'	.	.	.	, . .	thv habit ought to tie brought to the
hiv* remained silent, no doubt in the attention of every housekeeper, as if
belief that the now strength given to for no o her reason than the health
China by thu arrangement would be 1 he inmates ot her home.
from sore fingers to Most of the patients
i in the literary and I wel1 known to in©, but among them
n Id (,f France for the last | Wi,H °no mi,n whose face was unfamiliar find wli i hvvnnui to belong to a
different tribe
hum in winch she said Miss B rnheur
in it nearly all I <,roiw>
Jeet. doubtless on the ground that un ,
n « rested
might h
were
I lie great n unes
artistic w
fifty years were Inscribed hour put on her spectacles, and, drawing her clnir up to the table, spread
Immedi-
h.ivc therefore warned the foreign powers in the hope that their jeal-
llosa 11 in
As 1 stopped at his place he leaped to his feet as actively a a a cat and from somewhere in his
upon the Queen Dowager
ilbum b ‘fore her
out th
atelv she became interested in its con
«canty a;«pareI dug up an object whi h
a milkman whodeairea to give his eus- u,|lfs There were pen and ink sketch- b'\ »',V8,*nt ly handed to
gather the material in straight rows	tom is a	good service.	P>i w iter	colors, a few measures of	r'11 u*ar iboi e of human skull as big
ah >ut half an inch apart. Draw up to For in	the simplest	amt	best	way	mu. i(,	(rv aQ(1 philosophical and	arou,ul a® a dollar and very nearly
trœrïtâ'jfteK'Srs:	.......» «•- — - jar.sss rancsr
Snow pudding.—-Take about four n ar or adjoining the milking room j Mei sonier. Corel, Millais, Sainte Lupuie. This must be, i think the quarts, say four ami a half of fresh	As fast as the pa,Is are	filled, lake	un	B uve. Victor Hugo. Dumas, fiuumid,	first case in which a man has used
smw. Wash ill several waters and put	m «Lately	to the tank	and	pour	the	Massenet,	etc. Looking up from i he	|Nirt of liis own skull instead of a vis-
it to soak in hot water over night. In m Ik into tin cans, which are suspend- last page the artist said abruptly iiing card.
( h" morning knead it up and set by oil in the ice water. Have an agitator	"And now 1 suppose you want Rosa	"|	looked	the	man over	at once to
the fire to rise, add some melted glue in t he can while b«iug filled. The	Huh. tirs mine here ; that is why	find	out what the l rouble	was.	II©
and set aside to cool.	| simplest and best form for this is not you h in r it.” With a most comical had had some sort of u difference of
Chicken	patty.—This	dish is u lost unnk«* an obi t© hioned churn dasher,	expression	on her bright little	face,	opinion with his chief and as
art.	as	Patti	is	no	chicken	on y mike the dasher of a piece of tin	Ti * peered	over her spectacles at	Mm.	suit of such presumption had reeelv-
six or seven inches in <liameter, solder- I liort, who. much confused, stammer- ed a stout clubbing. One of the blows ed firmly on to th© end of a wire	«d meek y	that she would be greatly	had fractured the skull and fm
handle, which had baiter be galvanized	Inunn d to	receive such notice.	The	time had knrs k *d him out. When	th®
Put a	tea spoonful	of borax in your	and have a loop m tin* end to hang it	arti t declared t h it	she would be	old women who look	after the science
ringing	water; it	will whiten the	up by.	Two or three piungiva with t his	ch inn d to be in su	h g>«>d company. ' of medicine among	these particular
viol h.;s and remove the yellow cast on implement in a can of milk each tune	;,nd inhu u u a I businesslike way.took	heathen, got	hold of La tail©	they found
th t have been laid aside for that a pail is emptied will be found to	th * me a up "f the page, promising to	that	part of	hi*	skull was	loose
be very effective in agitating and con-	draw' something and wend it in a ? hurt	save	difficulty	rthey pried	the	loose
sequ ntly in cooling the milk.	tim*.	I piece off with the blade of
,	- XVe much prefer this simple an l ef- A few years ago Mis B mlieur want-I poulticed up tin* wound and let
Ijcmon	l te—lake	three quai t< rs oi	iVvtivv	method to any of the more via-	ed to paint n picture	of the wild little	lure do the rest.	The patient kept
a pint of	boiling water, add butter the	borate	and expensive ones, and it is	Am *i lean pony of the	plains, of which	the chip of his skull	and the '
size of an egg and one and a half <>ur experience that milk so treated !,,¦ h id often heard. She owned tion on it was the work of some
r„^	teJ'&Kxst'KSs:""""""
ing dissolved, add one t upful of sugar or	sheet, in neither ot w hi h »
and th * juice of one lemon, the yolks case are any germ< removed, but it is	piciu
ot two eggs and a little salt. Hake reasonably certain that even under j	artist s d- s.rt
rust and add the filling when very favorable conditions, a few are	bronchos,
«>oke.I, ttv* frost with the whites of j added to the milk. Milk or any other	she produ
1 cups two eggs and two tablespoonfuls uf j flu d will cool much more readily when
I h i<. u i
th.m m air, even though th»* air is eon- | \,>r i< indent b! y colder than the water. This Col. Cody s is especially true of milk) int tin cans painted an I gave him or glass jars. If one must have an aerator, he should choose one through i which water is run for cooling pur- |Jf 1 poses
Naturally Russia, which inarches
It was a
ine
with China by land and so claims to t ut side
have the greatest stake in the empire, h is taken the alarm, and in a formal
as
a re-
used only to check the Russian advance, though as Pekin hates all foreigners, a revivified China could not fail to be a serious matter for all Eu-
GOO!) THINGS FROM MOLASSES
t he
BORAX IN RINSING
Spice Bread—Half pint of N. O. mollisses. 1-2 pint cold water, 1 tablespoon lard, 2 teaspoons lu king powder in place of soda. I lb.,fh ur, 1-2 :t e a -
And there is no question that
Japan could devel >p China's strength, could supply a corps of efficient
lo
garni n s two or three years
1-1 teaspoon cinnamon lard and spices tugvt her
sp on g.ngei
agents who, without greatly disturb- j^ix m | us.e,
lug her social system, could so re-or- then add water, flour mend baking
powder. Bake iu a pan with a sp; ut and eat warm, sain * as Silly I unit. Th s may be varied by addition of iur-nun i s.
a knife.
na-
gmize her army that within a few years, she would be
navy and finances
mavrip-5 pass-
beyond tthe menace of successCul invasion and possessed of ample revenue to m ike herself impregnable
Ginger Cakes—Two quarts N. O 1 ho molasses, 1 generous cup lard, 2 eggs dynasty has still sufficient authority i tup ti0Ur m Ik. 1 tablespoon soda dis to levy an unlimited conscription, Ja
W hen the case carat! under my nolo scivc as a mode! for this new tire, mere was scarcely more than the Buffalo Hill. * hearing of the 1 thickness of a piece of parchment left give her two typical of the skull over the brain, and the md, using them as studies, ' wound had i?radically healed •d an admirable picture, pro- j turned out that La pule had not made nnunmi by critics at i he time to bo the long journey from his distant horn# equil to the best of her previous work, to see me because this degree of danti: afterward, in récognitive of ger troubled him. He hid the idea kindivss, Miss R mheur that ihe piece of the skull should he
H portrait <>f Ml back in place an I he seemed to have hiin\ If on horseback.	great confidence in my ability to do
The foil -wing amusing description of it* li was a great disappointment to ippearan c and manner was given him that his skull chip could not he by a n w spa per writer who paid her stuck hack. Although I did all that a visit soin» years ago and sought surgi al science prescribed for the proto obtain win the artist most dread- taction of the this H|xU in the craned an 1 avoided—an interview.	*urn» *ny patient kept harping on the
"A funny-looking man came toward j that he might lose his fragment me knitting his brows. He wore an of tone, which might fall into ini prop-enonu US Straw hit. Under it was a er hands and thus play the mise Wet-soft, beardless face, browned by the sun	him. I he only way to pacify
an I lighted by chest nut -colored eyes ;	was to string the chip on a cop-
a sin a11 nose exaggerated the size of	"ire and solder it about his neck.
a large mouth with rows of superb teeth, in 1 there was a breezy flow if Ion: hair.
solved in t h
milk, ginger to taste. 5 (p Mix and let stand over
It
pan could supply her with modern cups flour
arms and competent officers, and with night. In (the morning add
more of flour. See that the oven is granulated sugar
h »! for these. Flour the board heavily	_____
as the dough is very soft, mure flour may be needed
rope an power could risk the despatch cut in large, round cakes.
the reform of Chinese finances, could so greatly increase the Chinese fleet, that, combined with her own, no Lu-
A littli Roll out
FROM COUNTRY TO CITY
Crisps—Mix 1-2 lb
butter, 1 lb. Add 1
of an army to China
lln* «real 111*1 tUe Han y of Oar Young
lira Aie Halting.
flour, 1-2 lb. brown sugar tablespoou ginger and 1 teaspoon each A chief cause of China's weakness is of ground cloves and cinnamon. Siir the frightful* official corruption, which in a pint of molasses, a teaspoon of
svida dissolved in a lit tie water. Heat well, add fh ut enough to make very stiff. Roll ibiu and cut in small rounds or oblongs.
Old-time læmon Tie takes 1 gener-t ix gatherers and the mandarins l>e- i u i pint m liasses, 2 lemons sliced and lug executed pitilessly if they plund- seeds removed Boil 15 minutes. Thick-
The migration of young men from the firming districts to the towns and | (/QRN AND OATS BEST SHEEP cities his reached such proportions in
FEED
paralyses every s« nice and deprives the central government of necessary revenues; but as under Japanese control the revenues would, be secure, the
Great Britain that not long ago a writer seriously contemplated the possibility tbit England would some day c n dst of a number of immense cities
II the sheep are to be fed during the winter, begin by giving them a light grain ration while the grass is still good and increase it as the feed gets poorer, so the sheep will giin right along, says Mr. Jesse Lit tie. Then, after the grass season is over, fi ve tin m a dry, well-wntiiated shed
y
surrounded by districts of market
i gardens, while the rest of the island e,n vwi’b 1 tablespoon cornstarch dis- , uv>ul(l be as wild and uncultivated as
..... «
A FIG FOR EVIDENCE
ered, China would iu a few years lie
come n very formidable power
6he mi8ht tht’D lw able 10 cheik ,lle Bake in two cruets, leaving in Russian advance is possible, though siiCes of lemon.
not probable, Russia being able to en
Who
1
ire you ? Where did you come from and what do you want Î or bun. which is not subject to co d he said sharply, stopping and thru-ding
drafts. You n°ed not expect them to hi* cmol Inn Is in the pockets of gray,
ril b «I i rou ers.
“This sharp questioning disconcerted 111 - for a m-mnn?, hut, recovering,
"I am a Journadst and Miss R •nheur/'
cu
.4miiklii" Inrhlviii In nn i:ngll*la (onrl.
An English solicitor was defending a fruit broker in an action brought for the recovery of one hundred dollars, the price paid for a consignment of figs which the plaintiff declared to be unfit for human food. The defence alleged that although moderately discolored by salt water, as the plaintiff knew when he bought them, the figs were perfectly wholesome were in court.
With, ut accepting this predic ion quite literally, il is still nevertheless true that the movement in question is going on in this country as it is in England.	, j
he young men of to-day are most of
t kv
Mol isaes Candy—One quart mo asses ter by land; but even if she proved! 1-2 cup vinegar, 1 cup sugar, butter able, as she would be certain to do
do well if they muU sleep in a damp,
I fou - m In: building. Another th ng ~ v.insider essential is a dry, sunny | 1 feed-lot, protected from the void w nds
Bui!
everything that it is assumed Russia m dusses, sugar and vinegar until it
wl" —...» reluount >„ ,dW
when cool
size of an egg, 1 teaspoon soda
n8we red wish to see
"Well, look at hm, said the little peasant, taking off Ins great hat. "Y« u mu f excuse me ; I am obliged 10 keep in' uders away.' ”
If is in:eresting to note that Miss B mil u had no patience when she was at the head of on art school with at-
1
ns much as possible. Shoep are) pa? lieu ar ab nit having their water clean,
the territory of other powers, restrict trade, etc.,—it is difficult to see how Europe would profit by it tha other hind, a Mongol alliance
ih it involves manual labor. Their im
pulse is to push into the already over- and I like to let them have free access
crowded sedentary employments in to good water during the middle ot tlie
day.
Buttercups— Bad until it will harden
in water equal parts of butter, sugar
and molasses. Pour in buttered tins, would concentrate in the hands of a Wh<\n partly cool créas » in squares and
race which, though possessed of the1 set away till hardened,
On
The figs
Thousands of them do not | q£ tb(, Pon3mon grains grown on the
nticipations, and	live	farm I have had the best success with	.	,	,	, ,
discontented, unpromis.ng | corn und * ats—about two-thirds corn	tempts on	the part of her girl	students
It is a mistaken choice. The and one-third oats. Sheep like oil- imitate her jocu'iarities of dress, h	pc	is	that	the multitude of	these	m aj w^jj their grain ration also, but	A\ith her	these	oddities had come about
failures	wit u	tin tely 1 r n: ab	u a	j consider It too expensive unless	naturally	and	f<»r sufficent	reasons ;
tea ljustment if the popular concepti .n ued m giving a g >>d flock an extra w‘1 ^ 1 ,v‘m il was affectation, which cf country and city bus ness life.	I finish. Clover certainly makes the sh<$ w,>u'(1 not tolerate.
Meanwhile education will be extend- hrst hay that is grown in Indiana, but ud and specialized. It is imperative ^ js n(d. mixed with other hay I that educational methods should ad- Wou d rather have an occasional feed just themselves to the needs of the ol h(>mo olher kind. B sides the hay times. Already there is a movement [ |iko to give, them/ one feed of bright to establish agricultural classes in t ui fodder. The fodder can h * fed n connection with our country schools. If lhv grain boxes if they are made large ith* movement is successful, a Urge vnr>ugh for it. Then* if I am giving number of the boys of the next gen- (hree feeds of grain. I often put one erati.m will be taught that intelligent ft>ed (>f it on top of the fodder, farming is one of the most reliable pursuits to which thought and enterprise and industry can be given.
STREET RAILWAYS IN ST. PETERSBURG.
our cities
realize their meagre lives.
The plaintiff, a coster, who conducted his own case, was skilfully cross-examined. The trial was obviously going against him, and once or twice he retorted so hotly that the judge threat-
veneer of civilization, is still pagan, an
Molasses Kisses—Two cups butter
enormous mass of material itower, 4 cups sugar, 6 cups molasses, 1-4 tea which it would be certain to use with- | spoon soda dissolved out scruple on occasion could not l>e for the good of Eurojte or the world, and though China has the same right of alliance as has other nations, the acquiescence of the powers In the one proposed, because it may act as a check upon Russia, is not to be hastily assumed.
Boil till it
Such a union hairs or hardens in water, pull and
cut in short lengths with scissors.
ened to commit him for contempt.
At length, the coster grew desperate, and turning to the opposing coun Bel, hoarse and perspiring, he said :
" Look here, guvnor, you say them figs are good to eat and 1 say they aint. That’s all there is between us, ain't it? Now, s’elp me, if you 11 eat two of them figs and you ainH siclf^ immediately afterward, 1 11 lose my
case.’*	'
The judge at once saw the propriety of this suggestion, and asked the law* yer what lie proposed to do.
" Your honor is trying this case, no1
!,'• was the reply.
" No ! No ! The offer is made to you,” said the judge.
A hurried consultation took place Counsel suggested that it was the solicitor’s duty to submit to the experiment. The solicitor refused. J hi broker himself was then asked if he would
risk it.
What will happen to mo if I don tr
DAMP WALLS AND MICROBES.
TRAIN YOUR BOYS
Wom^n complain bitterly of the de oay ot chivalry in their brothers and hu-.bands, yet it is the women them selves who are to blame for man's failing in this direction, she expect an overwhelm ng amount of courtesy and consideration from a man who has been taught from his babyhood by an adoring mother and sisters that nothing on earth is too good for him ?
If the most comfortable chiir in the
'IrMuie E nr rente*	the 4 llallly of
Karllll.
Disease germs will often remain in a contagious condition in a house which has not b *en th trough I y disinfected. The life of the pathogenic germ; varies greatly with the différée' materials of which walls are constructed, and especially according to their degree of dampness or dryness. Special investigations made in this direction in Italy showed, that, as a general rule, walls covered with
How c in
I like to have my sheep fed often an l regu'ai ly, at least two or three tim »s for the grain anI; three or four for the hay. or three of hay and one of fodder would do very well. Then I believe as much depends on the skill an l faithfulness of the feeder as on the ration i given. Sheep w ill eat nearly one-fpurth more grain on a keen, ffoity day than they will in a damp warm one. So to feed them all they care for an i still have- their appetites I fresh for the next feed requres not on'y experience but a keen eye for business. Do not feed out in the rain. They will keep their feed dry if you will give them a fair chance,
A GIRL’S PIN MONEY
A girl can scarcely be too young to
have some idea of the value of money,
and a weekly allowance will teach her
the pleasure of providing little gifts
and m'cknacks out of her own pocket.
At the age of 15 or 16 every girf house his always been vacated upon tl« t ical equipment is being seriously
should have an allowance, out of which h!s entrance into a room, can she expel him to ri *e with gallant demean* and give that chair to his wife,
In St. Petersburg the street railways are operated by horses, although on one of the lines owned by the city
Doubledeck cars are used, ml sometimes three being pulled in a train promise of large returns, as a great deal cf outside capital, chiefly Belgian an 1 French, is constantly seeking in-
the franchises
ci nd lered
tW'
stucco or varnish are the least likely
fc'ho should buy her own gloves, sta- I .	*
tionery and ribbons. This will tench mother or sisterf her the use her pocket money can be put to.
AjK she gets older her allowance
Vhe traffic seems to give
to prolong tho life of the microbe.-;, and walls which are normally dry are to a great extent self-cleansing. The I>pho.d bacillus, t he cholera germ, ihe diploccut of pneummia, when placed on such walls.
twenty-four hours, and the diphtheria bacillus survives only seven days. On well-dried size, the tuberculosis mic-mb '
étant source of surprise to him that | month». Damp walls mus-» the v tal-
itv of bacilli to increase, so that the dampness of dwelling houses is doub-....	_	,	, *.v dangerous; first, in itself, and,
to profit. hy cannot they	under-	second,	because of the long life and
stand that with "meat" added	to their	vitality	which it gives to the elements
salable products they have by so much contagion and infection, b rom a
(bactericidal point of view, stucco or jWM good varnish should be employed for Scattered over Southern Africa are right so far as the/ go, but with eggs walls where possible, in preference to
great pipes	in	whichf	diamonds	have	and meat we have a larger business | tapc.stry or paper, as both can be easily
been	made,	says	Prof.	Moisson.	These	and better profit.	vvash d,	and have, besides, the property
of cleaning themselves of pathogens]
germs.
Th ! fault is not with the mm. He is on'y the victim of misplaced kind.	......	_	,	ness. It is the adoring woman who veitmen in that field
thou d include money lor her entire watches over his every action with to build an i operate street railways ward robe. Such au allowance should	auch earnest	solicitude who is	to	there are granted for a definite time,
be probationary, and should depend	biame for bis	selfishness. She	has	°n condition that at their expiration
upon the girls judgment and care in niide him a being intent upon his own the road-bed and track shall revert to the choosing of her clothes during the comfort, and utterly regardless of the the city's possession. The rolling-stock period when the first allowance is comfort of others. He is a hero from and buildings are then to be purchased
.	his infancy, while his little sister by appraisement
*sbe must learn to keep an account	joarni (0 run	his errands, and	his	city government owns and operates	so	many	beginners	in	poultry	raising
of every penny she spends. This wnl	mo b:.r humors him and takes his part	about ten miles of line, and expects	geejm	to th	n’t	e	g; alone	the	sure	road
teach her many things in t lie handling every argument. Why, because he soon to come into possession ot more of money, and «be will profit by her j9 a boyf should all this homage be mistakes.	tendered? It only serves to make him
more disagreeable, more fault-finding, more selfish with the wife, who, after all, is the one who shares the greater part of his life.
“"You’ll lose the case,’ replied both
his legal advisers.
" Then,” said he. hurriedly
lose the case.” And so he did
at the. latest in
lose the
case
POULTRY PROFIT
Mr. Hunter says that it is a con
AID TO VISION.
I suppose I should be lynched if 1 wore my eyeglass here ? observed the
tenderfoot.
The inhabitant did not pause even to translate his thoughts into the
usual frontier dialect.
If you wore your eyeglasses, here, the inhabitant answered, at once, ;
could see your finish I Hereupon he fired his revolver a few
times, in lieu of laughter.
At present, the

DIAMONDS MADE IN PIPES
increased their sales ? Eggs are all
you
CANE UMBRELLAS
1 he convertible cane-umbrella is a
FRUIT STAINS
novelty. By unscrewing the tip and tou hing a spring the cover is remov-

pipes are made of blue ground. Each
Fruit stains may easily be removed zo]canic pipe, for their origin seems to when they go to market, will average ed and the stick becomes a stylish from linen when fresh. Place the nave been volcanic, is the vent for its to bring about 60 cento apiece, and cane, while the cover can be carried in stained portion over a bowl in a cup own special laboratory, a laboratory that sum is a decided addition to the
Wyandotte or Plymouth Rock hens
I
A WONDERFUL DRESS.
Princess Caartoryski has bad a wonderful dress made in Paris, on which her coat-of-arms is produced in jewels
on a white satin ground purpose the stones had to be pierced, and, though their value was detenoi* a ted, the dress as it stands is valued
at 175,000-
AN AFFECTIONATE DAUGHTER
•if
For this

Ls
###PAGE###3###


TEA THAT Ï5 TEA
make eoap either en (inly unnecessary, or at any rate will make p very email quantity <>f it sufficient.
Cheese sandwich#» are always in or-
Orat# any
made some four million fine layers- It was this that gave (he sword its ' ha-da," or "akin," an almost Imperceptible granular appearance running lengthwise, or sidewise, or diagonally, cording to the method of folding Some of the swords, by a peculiar treatment, turned out pure and sheer and showed no such grain.
WITH A DRAW KNIFE,
#1* O C Cut tht* enl and return K jk ¦ji Jw V» ue. w.Ut osiiie of |j tjFW your n*uwl expriw office m T	iuh< we * HI *• n-1 thli wat< h
there for you to ««amine. Jl la an ope»» ft*#, gold plaled dust pn-of
dvr to serve w |h h i lad
*uîrî or gnntT ïïîe'ltb^ cheeae a.nd rub it t<> a paste fwil h but-Food time |Heee. e-iuei in se- (or, spread the bread, sprinkle with
1 LlTd™"j'.’t v^thirV’fir salt and pepper and cut into strips.
I .'!»V',X«*Koor.yJ'i«0r,e Let tu.ce or celery may be kept fresh wïrîh'£?!!,ore 0uinwl«'Lei1 and crisp for several days by wrap-the swordmiker shaped his hot steel	By,rr,.^K '	n?« pi-ng in a cloth wrung out of-cold wat-
und began the tempering, with acconi-	imBSCj_ Xil'1 i<rr*	or and then pinning tlie whole in a
imminent of prayers and much re-	**	° ° °* *"* thick newspajier,
llgious observance. The forge room	.,L-. ....	_______llj« Table linens >h uld bo washed well
V. _u darkened, to make it easier to	.	.
judge the right glow of the steel on àAAAAA_A%4â^âAAé.4èéè4 aml rlr,a"d thoroughly, and ironed
the forge. I he blade was covered	ffttfft??••• ttff »vj wlmn very damp. Iron rust on table
with loam, or clay from 1 to S-lGths of	X	i «M.+	linen can be removed	by applying
an inch thick, and a narrow strip was	# A Krmf fli.s	flntlCf IVflJ	lent »n ju ce and salt and	laying in sun
scraped barn at the cutting edge. Var- # AUl/UI Ullr UUUJVs \T» J until drawn out.
Japanese connoisseurs.	| lous smiths, with varied fancies, scrape J	For washing glassware, to a gal-
'1 he government slid fosters the art,| it off with straight, or dentale» nr #####$######Ion of water put u lump of 'washing
K&teKWÆ , wu*	|.I.-».... rr=«*3. sfKTj; £?„X;
The blade was heated with great	“ Much is said and written about the gla8H Wltl1 u f-ui ill hand f*ciui) r , translations are laid before him from
j that it should have just the rig it , decrease in certain »i>ecies of birds on !,	^ a.i or un» p< h	j the newspapers of the world, and these
baiï,ry IS Z*	orto £ -count of ,h.-„ „.au«rht.r that ,heir “ and valuable g.ase tumble,,,
traditions of thv maker’s family die-	foot he ra may he used tor decorative	^ aad lamp chimnefS	can be bard-
tale different method». Some idunjre	„Urp,)wiM|- a»id an	enthusiastic botan- |	ene<1 tu a c<J,IBIjt,rauie degree, and will
bori,o"nWtaUy ‘TthTb. « down rece,-U*' “ «»****. h-wever. raise. lh,.ref(jrp	le8HeaHlly, ,f they are
ward, some with the edge downward	a voice in defence of the flowers, which	tied round vmh hay, placed over the
The blade wns%kept In constant mo-	have died out entirely in many local!-	fire in cold water, and left until the
lion. The |kirt that had been covered ties on account of their wanton do-1 bitter boils. I/el tin* glasses icm.nn
E ™	1 SSSr !
curve of the finished blade was a mar-| U|) ^ ,llant bf tlm roolti in order to
obtain it 1 Yet this is what nearly
runs, was the tail of a terrible dragon, The finished sword Is usually en- everjr wjlfi flowers gatherer considers
w hic U was vanquished by the use of a graved with the makers signature, k j j f justified in doinng.	i ever been gotten up by the enterpris-
|v£EHH'£P#:œHHSv'sÎKiC—;
disdain any signature. The sword is	til>|.jng t|H.H0 ro(,ts are preparing lor	to spend hot afternoons cutting and	aWlini0,t 100 medale and	diplomas for *u|.e lor
finished on a whetstone by carefu	ne.xt season's flowers, and this whole-	writing and posting lnnumcraoje	ex'-eiltmco•	reiçnVoiPliS11’
and tedious rubbing, and is jkjIim ie(	HQ|e destruction of them ruins next	small labels. The new kind is simply	£app]ym 'lIhLw mailed free on application,
with fine stone and rice powder, borne	y,,ar.rt blossoms.	a piecte of gummed paper hearing a J vv * '	-
ient rule of the art has fixed upon	•* xhe beautiful	Hartford	fern,	look-	' picture of fruit. They are neat, pretty
winter ns the best season for polish- ing mure Iike a vino	a fern, with and inexpensive.
ing a sword,	' its pretty, five pointed leaf and de- |	----
To be really valuable and worthy of H(.a^ paje green fruit, has now boa place in a nobleman's collection the collle almost as rare as the Huffaiu blade must be tried at an execution,	f<;rn Till within	the	last	six	years
on one or more men at a single blow.	^unny bunk	on	Riverside	park,	in the roasting of meats often neglect-
I HERE ARE OTHER TESTS near the quaint tomb of "an amiable «*i or n(,t understood by the average ,	. Drums Uniforms, etc.
Every town oanhayealmÿ.
often ' heredRanl andTh^ make^ t ries year there has nut been one flower, ;	j^e/or ^J^Hppings	-s§Writ« u.J;yth.n« »«
bis blade on exactly the same objects or even a leaf.	and th*n de;s*nd upon the juices to ton- WHALEY R8YCE Sl CO., • Toronto, Can.
and with the same ceremonies that J hat the proper pit king of w t j [jnue i he process, it should be remvm- -—-
were used by his great-grandfather flowers does no injury is not question-, b.rfid too lhlt ail roast meats need AMP Ml^UTrorn^re and his ancestors before him.	ed. and it seems a simple thing to hut (>vt.n to 8,arl with. Afterward OiMt MlUn I dru«.. font Irtceioc
A large number of swords bought gather them so as to have the roo a |jea^ should be tempered by strangers in Japan and taken home intact. Scissors am not a burden, and : to be displayed with much pride and if one will carry these and a tin box,
Hwoidmak-i even a cracker	woodland
intr legends are gross frauds. The treasures may be taken lung distances with the flowers and sunshine. Birds	_New importations finest
sword that is really valuable should and remain perfectly fresh. Even a |)0ur ou, their melody and the chirp SaUSagO CaS ^	m-
have fastened to the heft by a wax pasteboard box with a hit of oiled pa- of the grasshopper will soon tempt the •rlcAQ Uog	black vvkll * co, Toronto
seal, the linen tag of the imperial in- per inside is a fairly good substitute	fisherman to stretch forth his	hands -- —:-  -
it s for tin. Do not throw the flowers	un,i graMp the shadow of his	flight. jHe qes MOINES INCUBATOR Beet and cheapest
M.sr&tivsrp.*s«s&x.nsssasns»
blue of the soft steel and the white of most boiling. If treated this way they PVery semblance of comfort make DruggistS| or toi Queen W\ Toronto.
tempered edge the better the will generally revive.	sad the songs of the birds/ and evoke
The line between the two col- " H une has a spot on the north side rloudiness in the soul, that even this rtarment
ainsi	ss&rJi'sz iz? s?:	cutter,,...
s,H>ts shaped like little clouds, and, wild flower garden. After it has once n m’s P ini as Co n Extra to- r,*mov. s placed symmetrically at intervals of a been planted, it will keep coming up	, hom in twenty-four hours. Putnams
few inches These are the "innov," each year. One point only is ubsolute-	p.dnleas Corn Extractor is the	best,
adding much to the value and beauty ly essential. There must be good dirt, of the sword and made by a trick of a mixture of wood mold and sand be-tempering.	ing the beot. If this is unobtainable,
Capt. Zalinski found that Toledo get good garden soil and sand, the blades, as far as the secret of their sand keeping the soil porous, a neces-manufacture could be learned, were sit y to wood plants, made by almost the same method used "All ferns, from the feathery raai-bv the Jai>anese. He broke an old den-hair, to the coarest kind, seek Toledo, and, putling the fracture un- shade. This is a good season totrans-der a microscfqw, found its texture ap- plant them, and with a little care and pa rent ly the same as that of the Jap- watering they will be a delight all
anese sword.	summer, and in the autumn take on _	¦ ¦ m \/a jh c vm of# life u> the
anese swoiu.	pettiest shades of yellow and I II H V S HaJr h ,n»k:a ltfruw
-sftvrsa-»,. SWJalA-irMisF’
well to remember all the violets are
abundant bloomers and increase rap-1	^ m.in 0f integrity will never listen
idly. The meadow-rue is graceful and lQ any reason against conscience.— pretty, its tassels being as decora- Home tive as flowers. And of the lacly-slip-;ves, white, pink or yellow, are a long time forming, and last nearly two
weeks.	. .
" To make a round bed, which is the
JAPS MAKE FINE SWORDS.
IUDELLA
fry
their blades a »e famous all
OVER THE WORLD.
nn-
OEVLON RICH AND FRACRANT ONE TRIAL PROVES ALL.
25. 3°. 4°. 5° & 6oc*
•!«min r» or ilif Ito)ul Inmlly l.eitrn ihr so miiI Uniter'* Art Our Wrupon In Kxlnlrurr Now la lliilvil Awuy Hark lo A. I». 701.
Lead packages
ÆÊ f>C 'an is out and send It tons with the name of your Je" 17J J3 Maresl «xprrw offre and we will ship you this V»nll«
witii Outfit by express, subject to éxamltiatioe. Hr *Eæ1f3i amine Hat yur »xpfM.i ofîhs, and If yuu ftr.d It exa, Uy am
we represent it and eutiiely satisfactory, pay tbi w Up	expr»ii age fit our special price, #4 V6 and
uec*	cnargos Tills Is a finely finished.
LHig fWë»	W oo Htr.nlivarlu* in dsl vIoIIsl
rli li 1 y colored, highly polished, powerful té* ,Ta an-l sweet In ton»
Twelve centuries of swordmuking in J«|mu have surrounded the blade with all manner of legends and customs nml conventions range mu rata rifle is the weapon of the army now, but the making of •words still absorbs the interest of
u>r*
<
W.IH


«M'lato with mm#
r	bow. # xtr» lot of MtrlagM end resin. A gonula#
bargain »t lb# price. Buy direct from us and •art iLo denier # proflfc
Johaston A MoFarlone, Box 1 Z/	Toronto, Ont
The long
f
f Hi
SULTAN IS INQUISITIVE.
The Sultan of Turkey Is most in-
Solid Gold. ...f2.80 lient Gold Fill 1.50 0yrs Gold Fill 1.00
to which ; mirrors und princes have not disdained to serve an apprenticeship. There is one family Which has been famous for its «words for twelve
r
m
100
Best Glasses
We guarantee perfect satisfaction
cure
GLOBE OPTICAL CO.,
are fill closely perused.
centuries, and sword inspectors, appointed and paid by the government, whose forefather» have passed the office and its traditions to their chil-
rhe sword-
03 Yonge Street, Toronto
POR OVER FIFTY YEARS
MRS WîNRÎ/nVS BOOTH I NO SYRUP ho* been used by niotli*-rs for Ihelr children teething Iteooth*! the child, luff cnn the gums, allays i>aln. cure* win«1 colle and i* 'h* l*Af remedy for dUrrhcra tie. Sold by all druggists throughout, the world k for " Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup
Servi un you» 'adiln-M. A lue Lectors. Mention
Stamp Collectors
2'e a bot« I
lie .l|ie *
tiiiw p tper
i
fiTAKN AM x N BROS . 11* Un, Ontario
dren through 500 years nriker holds himself among the elect, and sword making is surrounded with all the mystery of the Nibelungen le-
mur# an-1 a
SHOW CASES. WALL CASES
What is the
Yes, I see you look sick matter! 1 ate too much of that health food.
Office and Bank Fixtures, Modern Stoic Fronts. Mirrors and Plate Glass. For low prices write
gend
The first, sword, so the old story ve| 0f accuracy.
W. P. C. 990
A GOOD THING
One of 1 he handiest things that has
TORONTO SHOW CASE CO.,
CALVERT’S
82 ADELAIDE W., TORONTO, CAN.
mirror and crystal about the year 50 A. 1).; but the earliest date ou any «word now known to exist places the time of its origin at A. 1). 702 per and bronze were used at first, and steel and iron did nut appear until the twelfth century.
Many of the forgers’ secrets died with their families, and the blades of 1200 and 13*10 are most prized about that time that Ma,sa mu ne and
Michigan Land for Said.
008 ACHES COOO FASMI.NQ LANDS MG' NAQ
I loeev, Ogenuvw and Crawford Counties Title pel •i On M h/ui Central, Detroit i Maekmar wnj l-oon Luk*- Railroads, ut pre-e* tanging from $2 t > P per aero. These Lands are ('lose to Fmterpnsing New Towns, Church**, hoots, etc., and will he sold on most rea»onal>le term* Apply to
R. M PiKRCF.. Agen», We t Bay City, Mich. Or J W (jt'KilS, Whit remote. Mich.
3
Cop-
Fa C. CALVERT & CO.,
nn<
ENGLAND
MANCHESTER.
Brass Band
BOASTING MEATS
One of the small but essential points
It was
32% Profits for the Month
JULY
This ( ornp my, after pa) ing the 4 per cent, monthly coupon» maturing August 1st, have reniai mg « surplus of 28 per cent. After dedn* ting*i|>ennes, and th4 amount - arr ed to the reserve fund there remain* to the credit of the in vat is a surplus over dividend *f 4-1 per cent. Any atu-miit from SoO imwarue rereived fog liivesiment. Zdf I look free, giving full particula rs The Domlmen Investment Company of loronto, Caiiaua Permanent Chamber», 18 Toronto St.
Oh
his pupil M u ruina mi made their swords. As he struck the iron old Masainune would chant, "Peace on earth, peace on earth, peace on earth.”
It was
A STRANGE DEDICATION
AGENTS WANTED to sell the Acme Pot and Kettle Hrrainer in every County and Township in Canada. The rle-•i* invaluable for«Training the water m boiling vegetable* w.thout * aid t he h m-ls or «pilling the content# the p t K<c naive terr.torv give* Aral claw* agent» For particular# apply to the
Aome Pot A Kettle Strainer Co.
HAMILTON. ONT.
A
I
for a war weapon, hut Masainune, swordm krnsbo was. had humanitarian ideas, and believed, like some great warriors of a later century, that the sword was the surest peacemaker.
Muramasa, his pupil, was of a different mind, and his chant was always, "War on earth; war on earth.” His blades were unlucky, and when they struck horhe in a fight could not be withdrawn. They were such bad, quarrel-making swords that the wearing of them was forbidden. Such traditions are associated with the
Catarrh ¦ Indian Catarrh Cure.
’l/ctiai 1 uj	aulj by ull reiiBble Druggist*.
I
f
>1 iiig
Summer Ccmos
tit»
ROYAL MAIL STEAMSHIPS
Montreal and Quebec to Liverpool.
Large and fast Steamers Vancouver, Dominion, Scotsman, Cambronun.
Rate» of pnesage : First Cabin. #50 upwards ; Seooni Oibin, 53, ; Fteerage. $22 50 and #23 50 For further mfo in»'ion apply	or
DAVID TORRANCE k CO., General Agent*,
1/St. Sacrament Ht.. Montreal.
Dominion Une
ertifying to il» date,
¦pector maker and its test.
<
m
the
who wish to Improve and hu»e up-to-date methods, write us
blade
nume of nearly every famous sword-maker in the history of the art.
Early swords were chiefly for cutting, the oldest heavy and double-edged. Later, fencing swords of lighter weight were made, but as armor was introduced they became heavier	. An old law prohibits more
than two blades to be worn by anyone. The sword was a badge of dignity, and certain proud noblemen, u is. said, began to wear too many. The long
sword was given to a servant who carried it before his master, and when the master went visiting it was received at the door and placed on a rack.
B*p«01k1ly TBp«e
who have fshed to be cured o.so where, write to
Dr Arnotl. Berlin who will eo.v bee f o* he ******
The Dawson Commission Co., Limited,
Ctr. West-Market A Oolbomo St., Toronto,
Can get y»u best prices f«.r your Apple». Butter, Kgge, Poultry, eud other produce, if you chip it to them.
Brantford
Stammerers
OOLDj* hHAPLEY aMUIRg#
LCD
Brantford Can.
Galvanized Steel Windmills and Towers.
Steel Flag Staffs,
Orem OrlnWere,
Iron and Woed Pump* Bee Supplies.
Send for New Catal gue.
Success is apt to destroy a man's belief in luck.
X
ALSO
If Payne, <<f Granby, Que' Clear ileouiecturer.
•‘Pharaoh 10o.
Mills. Mille & Hales.
BarrlflterH.utc., removed to Wesley Bldgs., Rich moud au W„ Toronto.
LAW
Mention this p tper.
Every man is ihe architect of his ‘ own character.—Board man.
v KISSING BUGS
“ BEAVER BRAND" Mackintosh
AVjE-TTOALi never hardens it i« guaranti ed Water->-lÆaey 1Srw\. proof. Ask f _>r it,take no other, liea-
rer Rubber Clothing Co., Montreal
Do you want to give the girls a genuine surprise f
You ran have oceans of fun w, h this novelty.
Th* maiiMprlng of life I# fuo. Send for a Kiss ng Bug. and live len year* longer. Sent post-paid with our list of novelties for 10c. In Rtampe r silver.
PROGRESS NOVELTY CO.,
122 Richmond StW.,
Boys
Girls
A FARMER’S VICTORY.
The long sword, in Japanese etiquette, was treated much like the silk hat of occidental civilization were swords for all classes of society, from ladies of the military class to tradesmen, and the position in which the blade was worn, perpendicular,
curve up, or curve down, conveyed	. . .
Sr's'condition owT" ™ ^	whoTrmi/tl.^YnVL'efficIcT or pmttiwt of all, pile some large .tones
The etiquette of swords is observed I,r Williams' Pink Pills as a cure for together and fill in ^ in Japan to-day very much as it has rheumatism is Mr. John Stewart, of the dirt mixture	aD°™-
been observed for centuries. To draw Bortonville. Jo a representative of Then plant ferns at the bottom, put
ïïrarîs?	»»«-* «»•
as to open his letters. Blades that victim to the pangs of rheumatism for pretty runner, iU starry yellow mosr-bear the dates of the eighth and ninth upwards of twenty years. Two years moms being gay all! summer. .lacK-in-conturies are as good now as when : ago Mr. Stewart was thrown from a the pulpit is a nice addition, they were forged, without a nick or load of hay and was injured to severely needs much watering.
a flI,ot of rust. The sword is always that he was obliged to take to his bed. " All the other plants men ioned.	Deafness uaililOl be Cured
withdrawn very slowly, the scabbard While in this condition his old enemy willtnke care o ( t hems e Ives m ul Up I y „ ,ofll ,ppl,csUon,, „„ oannat reach the held horizontally, andvkhe blade rest- —rheumatism—again fastened itself rapidly, and greet one cheerfully eacn af.ea>0il plorlion Dr me ear. Taure Is only one lug on its back as it slides out.	upon him, the pains radiating to spring.”	wuv to rare doafnvHH, and that. Is by couatau-
«it# s^sastf’sars s»sr rq-a	: ESEtESsSBSS
shows a valuable sword, and the frequently in the Acadian of the ,» iumn alum fa dissolved in cd you have a rumbling uurnl or im perfect
~ HE :™E	güSi
with silk; to touch it with the bare use of tt few boxes the pains began to said to render them fireproor.	pvor; nine ex-cm out of ten are cau-oT by Ca-
hand is	diminish, and his general health be- Red wine stains can be removed from Surh. whic : is nothing but an tntUmud oondi-
«... “ improve. Mr. Stewart coo- , h, „ b, „„„ „[ „ f,„ .Ircjia 1 wfop,’ie Per SvVtrvi Pol!.,, tor
Si at it clr ,„o, milk	ohoutd J.	'' 3“
& iff aKaWfsa:,	. »..
peerless medicine.	water.	Ball’s Family Pills are the best.
The Acadian can add that Mr. Stew- Old oak furniture can be thorough, art is worthy of every credence, as he; ly cleaned by being washed with hot Constancy is the complement of all
work by prayer and penance, fasting	numt.ro,us pink colored imitations of	A	brilliant	black	varnish	suitable
nnd cold ablutions, religious aiii hs	t^ftge fam, u,t pills. The genuine are	for	iron,	stone,	wood	and	concrete	is
ssa ££“ 55.	sHSwS sais^w
E""™	—
throwing"^’ heart and Soul into it!	*	thrw“or'f^T^aja’before^t'uT.needed One's self-satisfaction Is an untaxed
could m ike a good sword l'.ach fam- UREAKING IN NEW SHOES.	‘'d to expose it to the air. kind of property, which .e very unplea-
rA.^S	% There I, . „m. to,	,.d «"it’rtd",!, Suit. ..... .- -Ul ». » d.preel..rf-t!«or«. E,l«.
special characteristics of their swords	that includes a time for trying on new
remaining the same century after	gjJoejJ %be feet are different sizes at
CCThcrswordm iker took two pieces of	different times in the day. In the
stoel, one of which was chilled in xva-	morning they usually are larger, and
ter and broken. He chose for his sword the pieces that looked well at the break, and welded them, folding them over fifteen times or more. Four such bars were made and combined, sometimes being plunged into water, but more often cooled in straw ashes.
He would hammer the bar out long and bend it double; hammer it broad and flat and fold it down the middle.
Some sword makers, the captain was |old, folded their bars diagonally.
Wton *U waa finished the forger had can.—Dryden.
^ATïUTQ Procured in all countries. Designs gr I A @ Tr.idv Marks reg'utered, Copyrights ™ CaieatK proruml. Write for information. EGERTOV R CASK, RpgLtered Solicitor of Patents Notarj Public, Temple Building, Toronto, Ont.
IhrnmallMii llntl Fastened 11* Fang* I pan Him for lour# and 4 an cd If f m Fud-
11c Found »
There
Toronto, Out.
less Misery-TelIs How i’ure.
Hotel au I Sal. on men oanuot afford to be with ut the Automatic Faucet Attach-
m- nt. as It pavefuntr.elf none we-ikdraw-
ini beer No drip, no waste. You only need one h md to dr m beer with the Automat it Lut in case of rush you can hold giaase» in each hand, i* the Automatic is always ready. The Automatic draw# the Mii'eat giaseof beer and 1» us- d for ai.y trade, si it puts the kind of bead on the beer that you want Price #1 SOpre paid— Dii'oey refunded if not tatistao-lory. Hamilton MfgCo. .Toronto
LioTUD EXT. OK
Invi.or»f“8 and Hi r njthcns.
LLOYD WOOD. Toronto, GENERAL AGENT
M*l-T HARRIS
O'KEEFE'S

LEAD.COPPER. BRASS
Wholesale only. I«ong Distance Telephone 1720.
WILLIAM ST., TORONTO.
From the Acadian, Wolfville, N". S.
Nothing costs less nor is cheaper i thin the compliments of civility.—Cervantes.
m
rnmmm*
pa
RELIANCE CIGAR t A (JTURY, Montreal
The less men think the more they talk.—Montesquieu.
5

TORONTO Cutting School off,'" special advantage-
I to all dedrou-i of acquiring i thorough knowledge y f Cutting and Fit slug Gentlemen's Garments. Writs for
part icultrs
HARDWARE, DRUG AND GENERAL STORES ALL SELL IT TO THEIR GOOD TRADE.
but
113 Yonge St., Toronto
PEERLESS"
Machine
h
WHITE’S PH0SPH0 SODA

IBs
BECAUSE ITS THE VERY BEST OIL THEY CAN GET
o other gives such complets satisfaction to FARMERS
Dyeing I Gleaning !
For the vt-ry beat send your work t > the
“ BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO."
Look for agent in y.-ur town, or ?eu«l direct.
Montreal,Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec
PIEB
I

AN AFFRONT TO ITS OWNER.
Climatic changes are carefully guarded against.
Capt. Zalinski, who was in Japan at the time of the Chinn-Japan war, wanted to see how they were made, and by the emperor's permission induced the imperial instructor in sword-
< 4 vu* a muiAmvr
CARD INDEX

-
• • •
Loan and Savings Company.
IMCOaroBATBD 1855.
The Oldest and Largest Canadian Mortgage Corporation,
£
The only perfect mystmm for keep ing names end aiidr Sample tray oivflt..
The Office Specialty Mfg. Co.,
____	Limited
132 aod 124 Day tit., TORONTO Factory : Newmarket
$3.
a.«es



fsrr
•f fr»
$2,600,000
1,200,000
Mead Office Toronto 8L, Toronto.
Winnipeg, Man., Vancouver, 1.0
Paid-up Capital, Reserve Fund
and Sheet Metal Works.
ROOFING SLATE. In Black. Red orGrce u SLATE BLACKBOARDS (We siipp j Pub ic and High Schools.Torunt") Roofing Felt, Pitch Coal Tar. etc. ROOFING TILE (See Now City Build, in vs, Toronto, done by uur Arm). Metal Ceilings. Cnr* me », *tf\ Estimate* furr.Dhed for work complete nr for materials hipped ro anv part uf *ht country. Phone 1AU u. oufMtEA80N8. AdelaidefeWldmerSte.,Toronto.
ROOFING
MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTORY
Branch Offic
Am. Plan. <1 50* up.
European Plan. R>orns
Opp.
rop a.
The “ Balmoral," eree Bu i
DEPOSITS RECEIVED. Interest allowed.
DEBENTURES ISSUED for 1, 2, 3, 4 or 5 yean, with interest - ouïrons attached.
MONEY LENT on security of real estate mortgage* Government ami Municipal Bunds, etc.
AVENUE HOUSE -
——-------------- per day.	__
JAS. R. AM NETT, Manager
For further particulars apply to
I. MLRttfckl MASON
Managing Director, Toronto.
JOHN J. MAIN, Supt and Treae
The Canadian Heine Safety
BOILER
on the
¦
wtj|r>ut Bit-didne or expense to the
nost disordered Stomach, Li ngs, Ne vt% Live». Blued, Bladder. Kidney*. Drain sod Breath 1 y
HEALTH RESTORED
Bevartnta
Arabloa Food
Du Barry’s
#
I
Jjj /vno MmJÂs So ^ ^ ca/^
cj- ^ ucM/y, diUistS+Mj
Esplanade,
Opp. Sherbcume St.,
Toronto
which Savea I uvalids ai d Children, mJ alec Rear* successfully Infanta whore Aliennts and Debility hav* r#. sirted all othar treat»enta It digest* when all otacr Fuod la rejected, eaves 5C time its cost In medicine.
9 Invariable Success
Annual (furea of Cou"tlps-tlou. Flatulenvy, Dyiiwïutis, Indlgoation, Consumption, Diabetes. Bmuct’Sl*. Influents C ugh i Asthma. datairh. Phlegm. JMarrtetM, Nttous Debility. Rleepleianeea. Despondency.
100,noo
mu-h walking, too, inclines them to
50 Years
High Claea Water Tube Steam rollers, for All Pressures, Duties and Fuel.
86*0 FOR DESCRIPTIVE CATALOOVB.
Limited.
a Co., Limited.
swell, bo that new shoes should not be
worn at such times. If the shoes are
fined to be tight, one ro*d to relief is to bathe the feet in cold water anti dress them In new hose shoes should never be put on directly after taking » hot bath.
i
: \
inc
DuBarry & Co., B*
London W . also in Parla, 14 Rue de Coat,gimp, and at all Gr jeers. Chemist#, and Stores everywhere, in t.oe, 3	3,6d , 6s , Rib., 14*. Sent oarria<e free. Alan Do
Barry'* Revalent# Bleculta, In tins, 3a At and6*
A rent* for ( ’an .ds r Th* T FatnnCo . LHbUed. Toronto
Tight

Toronto Klsotr lo Light Co..
The TTE.toB Cm, L d bed.
The Massey Harr!
The Giitta Parcs a Rubber A Mfg C'q The Wilson Publishing Co., Limited. (AM eiTuiunto, where boners m .y be seen working.)
Kim !
«
l
i
They can conquer who believe tbejr

a
M






(



###PAGE###4###
A DIAMOND FOR A DOLLAR. jQQQ J ÀPMYt bS
A Limited Special Offer which will Last for 10 Days Only.
permanently divert all important trallie from crossing the bridge bonuses the bridge and his wicked partner, Mr. Blair, makes such arrangements
for the disposal of the Intercolonial traf	J vvnlVo!nvMm
tie that no Company will ever provide holders in thi> munlvipn.i
the enormous capital required to build it. ; VmnmV'h!!, “rL‘of '‘thu’v Nobody who knows anything about the it maile and vomplete
matter imagines that the Quebec bridge y,"'."Lu 'l'y^pürth's'lntcrr
will ever bo built if Mr. Blair's policy is tv dav> from till
t line it m iv be ,
Public Notice.
THE EQUITY.
Pontiac
Woollen
Sir Wilfrid
WANTED.
Province of Quid Municipality of ( Imvivlon. I
i

SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 28, 1899
UBXVINK POMONA Dl A MO NUS lm vi
i world wide reputation. It i> nltuo't un
lossible to distinguish t hem from genuine ,1
nu h. il
having Irtinhs tu dispose of t h lu will do well to hold them until our price s
Igltesî I hat wl! he paid .1 AS. ROBINSON, flavor for Mr. da
l‘i
Farniei
t
possible to «list! aguish mem mmi gvu diamonds costing h audio Is of dollars t I he\ are worn h y tin* best people, will forward a Uuniim: mom) mounted in a heav . to any add re upon
h. Kar-rings, avia Ring settings m fthlek.s
EDITORIAL NOTES
they are IhuiihI to
I
s
I
w «
!
I
I
I
It IIOV
ssjuti for in „ev., during thir ' ,rud during whivli Xny rateixivvi
may during i t he said delay eomp!
Mii li mil, which shall be taken into
Mr. Tu'te, who returned from France	i ËHSlSHSE
last week, considerably improved in [Q the people of Quebec until after the day of Ovtobei, I MM), at the tow 11 1 health, says the general elections will not next general election»; ai.d ns it will village of Sbawyllle, at ten of the eh
neve o It the Govern meut anything, the i \VlorninP But such delay expired. It
r«*.......... ............* '« '«• — S5teR.-ss$-
•how.	thereof, it' he so desire, and to pay the
f ; amount of his taxes to the undersigned, at his oltiee, w ithin the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days, w it hour further notice.
tiivvn at Shaw ville this twenty fifth day completed than the Government stumpers | of t he month of September, one thousand announce that it is the intention to eon **#bt hundred and ninety nine, tmeting considerable attention in Kng | struct a line on the south shore of tin*	HUGH MATHKSOX
St.	While the Blair tradition
lasts the important trains must all go up and iown the Drummond County lumber road. The South Shore is ns completely And now no learn that a scheme is on j side-tracked as Quebec itself.
foot for bringing about a combination «»f
all the big woollen factories in Central I shows that tho Honourable Minister of
Railways reserves his profound est respect for those who kick the hardest. If ever
N A
It is stated that the St B.) Telegraph is to become the personal organ of the lion. Mi. Blair, Minister of G always, under new management.
John's (N
rum, |
esoii,
Renfrew
i> notii amend* 1
I 21. I sup
1 I *1.051 va per pail vont muons pi* are warranted not to tin etmiMnntion offer for !«) dn> and stud sent to any addro of <51.00. Send for cutulogm ring give linger men>uremi
Iso fill
\
to aide track the Ancient Capital
!
I
Vi I
H is the subsidy then no practical ob- i
Mills
SHAWVILLE
Heat Market.
h
11 in k in
I
!
part huh Vi iMON
11SJ 1M1V
f
Pi
111
\
take place before another session of l\u 1 iament
Vnd of course everything Mr

The only Establishment
of its kind in the County.
Part o xi y s gués
Then wo have the extension Intercolonial to some place out in the c luntry of which Mr. Blair can never remember the name, which is no sooner
CEO. HYNES,
HU: Fiu:sil AND < I BRI)
The Canadian utter of raising a regiment to serve under the old Flag, in tin event of war with the Transvaal is at

MICA IS OF ALK KINDS
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
, SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
NOW IN STOCK.
See. 11
land, as well as eliciting the warmest
ex
Thru king the publlic for past patronage, 1 iv.-|k‘Ctfully solicit a continuance of the same.
CARDING SPINNING
Etc. Etc.
pression of approval

MULOCK FOR ANNEXATION
J. G. McGUIRE.
Ho desires Newfoundland to Become a Part of Canada.
The experience of the port of St. John
9
X large, well-selv; t *d and varie 1 stock of Furniture always on hand, at pi to suit all classes
Canada
Evidently the end of combines which, we were told would be one of
Toronto, Sept. *24. — Hon. Wm. Mu lock at a chinch picnic, at Bond Like on Saturday, urged upon his hearers the advisability of the annexation to Canada of Newfoundland as the in xt step in the itn penal development. The Dominion, he said, would not be complete without the island ihit commands the approach to its
The speech was taken
TO WfjOM IT IV|AY CONCERN:
the business interests of an important the blessings that would result from | centre were within an ace of ruin through
“ Liberal " management of our affaire
IN UNDERTAKING
the mulish stubborness of one man, the business intviests of St.John have been in that peril for several weeks past.
Mr. Blair was warned by ihe Senate and by the press that the finish of St. John as whose actions have In?come strikingly a winter port was in sight as a result of
prominent in connection with the North I his Intercolonial policy. But the accept-
Waterloo election fraud exposures, do- ed, l,rincil>,e of the Government is that
d„v.u.,.....,JsSKiv	,,nivl„„ol,
spent $tUH) in buying up votes for the resolved upon considering the interests i f The Government Position. stil(Mi Municipality of Liberal candidate in the said election, and lhe Grand Trunk before those of the	- .	.	Shaw ville.	I
that lie got the money from members of Canadian P<>rt», St. John was in great There has never been a time in Ontar o ,,uhHc Notice is hereby given to all pro ,, ,i. . ,	,i .	.. / ,	.	,	dn ger of waking up nome mo-ning ai d	when the press was so near,y unanimous	pvietors of real estate ami resident house
t	ai i iu .	a so that one <>f these	^ndm^ its commerce taken from it and	as it is today on the need of a thorough	holders of this Munie hail it)
parties ottered him $100 to keep out of divided between Boston and Poitiand. investigation into the manner in which lection Roll of School Taxes, as established
the way	until the	election	trial was over.	Tais is where	the intelligence of	the	the bye elections which	have taken place
________________ Saints came in.	They remonstrated,	and	m this province were	conducted, lhe JVIl(j* t|mt it now is and will remain in my
I Blair blustered. They waited on him on	majority, even of Liberal pipers, have	p.)s>l.ssion for inspection by parties inter-
At a	political	meeting at X alley field	bended knee and he grossly insulted	condemned in vigorous terms i he elec* j	ested during thirty days from this notice,
the other day,	Mr. Bergeron, M. P	them. They pointed a gun at him and	torsi iniquity that lias been exposed. No	during which time it may be amended,
........» -...........- «	!aasses
men kicked and the winter port was sav- standing that the press hid demanded ; or without amendment at the meeting of
some such course many times. This j Commissioners to take place on the lrtth The moral is if you want your rights, want of action upon the part of the pro day of October, at the place where such
kick for them. The Minister, may lack mier cm only be	** an £ |	But and. delay vx-
cohesion, they may have no united policy, inisaiou that the members of tlie govern |	„ s|m„ colm, illlo fom. ,md anv per
they may not	know that Boston	and	ment are so closely allied with the guilty j son interested after having	taken vogni-
tion.	I hey	little thought that	Hon.	Mr. |	Portland are in	the United States,	but	parties that an erquiry	would result m j zance thereof, if lib so desire,	shall pay the
amount of his taxes to the undersigned at his office within Twenty days following the said delay of thirty clays, without further notice.
Given at Shaw ville this 1:1th day of the month of September, 1899.
DONE IN THE VSVAL PROMPT AND SATISFACTORY MANNER.
is not yet
I also keep a complete stock of I’tme ral Furnishings, ranging from tin >lainest requisites to the most elegant v designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
!
Vlhert Bossart, the hotel keeper
-o
great waterway by those who heard it as an important and almost vtiiciul utterance.
Always In Stock a large and well rted Range
Gentlemen :
Public Notice.
Having Inniglit out the Tailoring business of Mr. Charles Frame, I U*g leave to state that I am prepared and in a position to give every satisfaction to those who may entrust me with an order.
of. .
Worsteds, •
Serges,
Tweeds,
Flannels,
Prints, &c.
These Goods are from
the best Scotch, English
and Canadian manufactories.
that the Col
My Motto :
Prompt attention to business. Nu disappointments to patrons.
-
My Determination :
To turn out a class of work that will hear successful comparison with the very last ; a class of work that by its stylish and fash ioiifthle npiHNirance, will draw the attention of everyone, and secure the continued patronage of those who entrust me with their first order.
expense of the local Liberal leaders, when he said they had discovered a surplus in j ed
ful over it that all were shouting in son that it was the first since Con fedora
were so joy
um
Slieyhn, (the previous Liberal Treasurer) | they are intelligent enough to know when their own exposure
had boasted in 1889 that he had a mlr I they are kicked. They despise .md very
properly the people who lick their boots,
the kicker they respect.—Montreal Star.
Leave your Measure next.
They have been selected with a view to
supplying people with the cVs « f good* they require, and they have been n.aik d nt prices that n;uit sell Hum when ix-mtned.
plus of £400,000—also the first Confederation.
More about the Canal
since
J. W. C0fi/|BA, tailor.
Mi. McL?od Stewart received definite information on Wednesday that the sur-the summit level for the Ottawa
II. LANG
Sir Charles Tupper Back.
Sir Charles Tupper returned to Ottawa
Seu.-Treas
Holders of Cuban bonds stand to he
war
(Mc Arthur'sbuilding. Main St.)
veys ou
and Georgian Bay Canal w ould be finish
which took the island from under Spain's eaa^ Tuesday, from a visit to England. jn Hiree weeks. The results being ob*
=EEEEEEE
obligations they imply, and the United election. He expects that an appeal to to ba much easier than at first expected. States authorities, who now speak f« r the country will be made before another
Cuba, say they will not recognize the is	°*
among the heaviest losers by the
Public Notice.
PORTAGE DU FORT
A. BOBBINS,
Province o Quebec, i Municipality of Clarendon. !
Public Notice is hereby given by the _	, ,	.	,	, •»	| t , undersigned Secretary Treasurer that the
1 he last issue of the L union, England,	Collection Poll of the‘said Municipality of
.	Financial News has an editorial on the	Clarendon is now made and completed for
Sir Charles	will	speak	at	the	exh.l ttion	cana|f arising « ut of a report by Mr. Altx.	j	the current year. 1899, and also the Collec-
in Halifax	on	the	27ih	inst.,	and	there-	| McDouall late manager of the American	j	tlon Roll of the said Municipality for the
:	I .......................................1
the third of October he will speak at Wiirdetl to Hon. Mr. Dobell. “There Berwick, N. S., to the Liberaî-Conaerva
ROLLER MILL
PROPRIETOR.
f
Valuable Property
sues as a proper charge on Cuba's resourI bus investments of a facj value of s une .HI,000,000 Cuban dollars, bee as valueless as memories tax-payer will make money out of the revolution.
IS AGAIN IN GOOD WORKING
ORDER FOR THE MANUFACTURE OF
CVS
way bonus. Both collection rolls are deposited in tlieoltive of the undersigned. All persons w host port,” siys the article, 14 should help ma names appear therein as liable for the pay live Association of King s County. Sir I tetiallv to stimulate the provision of nuMlt of im.v assessments are hereby re
=".%A %% SSSSSH
Allusion was made in the cable des- L^her o, but was ob.i^ed to decline an m- tjlt> advantages which his own country notice.
EH3EH3
otlerto insure the lives of a Canadian Referring to the aiming outlook in the Wea cm and Middle Western produce to	' S ".Treasurer,
contingent had been received in Eng- °ld country, Sir Char»cs said that British tjle Atlantic to be under the U. S. titg
-j± “Ss? 5EEEHEB 0
t > insure the lives of 1,000 men to thucx- cent, royally iu (he \ ukon was having a of ]ler (,wn .,ul)-lc monev. has built the tent of one million dollars, so that in the damaging effect on mining operations in j oa!ials i:1 6UC;; a position that United
eventof any ,.:ng kilhal „r wounds "'LrSZ.aid he w„ ,ati,W ,h.«
tlmso dependent upon them would be public opinion in Britain would support ! p'uüal.'s scheme f -r a fleet „f vessels < n provided for. The proposal was duly an ultimatum to the Boers, foil wed by I the Welland and St. Lawrence canals, we transmitted to Mr. Chamberlain and war unless accepted.	I should think the Ottawa Government bet-
behest-............-..EHBESeBHB
as well as in the l mted States up until - wjth which lhe government is already
a short time ago that on this question definitely and desperately flirting/’
Canada was making a most unreasonable demand. This impression in England was largely due to the position taken by ing his political recantation at Toronto, | some (f the leading newspapers in the he taunted the Conservative party with * cited States. 1 am glad to say, how-
i—
well as b.iseless charge coming from an ihat the position taken by Canada and honourable gentleman, who, having had the mother country in reference to this as many policies as lie has had summers, question is not unreasonable. At last
'-*> -»	>"» --	»»"	ïïiï. ”
upon a policy stolen from the party at Britain nor Canada is asking for anything the poverty of which he sneered. In unreasonable or standing in the way of reply, Mr. Foster was able to con^ratu ’an immediate settlement of the meaning
late the present administration upon hav	di%W/'^ ^ “““ U
ing as many policies as it lias members He looks upon the Ministry as an aggre
unes The Cuban
Valuable Farm Property for sale,being the s. E. Hitif of lhe N. E. Hall of Lot No. 7 on ilie Fourth Range of Clarendon, containing fllty acres, more or less, all cleared, In an excellent state ofcultlvation an! well watered.
premises nre erected u dwelling hies, sheds and other out buildings. For further particulars apply to
REV. E.S. MORRISON,
v Hudson, P. Q.,
Skawvllle, Que.
First class Flour
Ou the house, sta

\ Call Solicited
JOSEPH BROWN,
i
or U. MATIIEXQN
I'kopiiiktor
We are Agents for
3
udicious
Advertising
The Winchester
û Rifle
se . _
BALLARD &l MARLIN.


INCREASES BUSINESS EVERY MONTH IN THE YEAR.
vf

j
Catalogue now toady. Write for one and price
McDOUCALL & CUZNER,
Self-Cancelling Politics
When Sir Richard Cartwright was mak
An Irishman’s Explanation
The following ir an explanation by an Irish resident, of Mr. Kiuget e new preferred franchise :
“ Look here, if a man comes into the country before the law is passed, he can et the franchise nine years after he has een seven years in the country, five years after the law was passed, or within
tive years after ho has been there two I	TPflflpQIYIPn S
years, provided he has been here seven	1 1 C*UCOII|GI! «
years after he came here nine years ago,
provided ho can prove to the satisfaction | prOtlu Dy til6 6Xp61T©IlC6 of the field cornel, the commandant, the state secretary, the sta*e attorney, and the under state secretary of the green
tape and sealing wax office that he has | HAVE MADE IT PAY
always been a man of good character.”—
Pretoria Press.
Merchants,
Mechanics,
STOVES !
5
STOVES !
STOVE S !
•3
of those who
One Thing Needful.
WAITING FOR CANADA TO
SPEAK.
gallon, each man doing as he pleases (he might have made an exception in faveur
of Sir Richard, who evidently is not ai-1 Alaskan Boundary Negotiations
1 wed to do as he pleases) rather than as

The comforts of a household are never complete without a good Cook Stove. See to it that the winter season, which is fust approaching, does not catch you ill-provided in this respect.
and make
your business known to the public through
at a Standstill
a government with unity and solidarity
( f purpose. This theory explains why I Washington, Sept. 25.—John W. Fus-
Oov.rnn.eirt	...... » bo .,m ^=.1% K5n" '.X %
eSvly labouring to defeat its own objects, the threads of his work in connection Take for instance the question of the I w ill the arrangeaient of a modm vi-
Quebec Bridge. The people of Quebec v ndi relat:n, to the Alaskan lounlary.
there has been DO change in the status of the question recently. At last account* They cud not want ^1Q Aithh G fvernmettt had before it
it as a convenient structure from which Secretary Hay’s last proposition, and a*
to angle for Tommy-cod». They wanted il had received the approval of Mr. Tovei
>"•	" -- .h. city
Quebec one of the most important points the Foreign Office. The proposition, on the great national system of Canadian | however, was referred to the Canadian railways. The Government grants a sub I authorities, to ascertain Whether or not
•idy -f. -mi» dell.".. ..d .h. bm,d	“STM £T“S
ing of the bridge, but, first of all, take j two principals are still waiting to learn care to make such arrangements as will j the disposition of the Canadians.
WANTED Christian men and women to introduce
t marvellous hook since the publics
Still In It.
The Light of Life,” the
I am still in the business with a supply of the popular makes, ready for Fall trade, and the large number of Stoves I have sold during the past year is sufficient evidence that I keep the styles the people are looking for.
The Farmers’ Stove.
Our “ NORTH-WEST” High Oven Stove nearly always catches the farmer who takes time to examine it, and those who have bought one say it is just the thing.
Several kinds of Under-Oven Stoves on hand. See tl)em.
lllOs
tion of the Bible. A commentary on the New Testament, together with complete lives of the Apostles. In point of art the work is a gem. The finest, most touching. life-like illustrations ever designed for the New Testament. Sells in every house, and anybody can sell it. Capital or experience unnecessary paid. Books on time. Send for outfit, giving choice of territory, and we will show you how to make money. BRADLEY-GARRETSON CO., Lt d,
Brantford.
The Equity
have long wanted a bridge, but they want ed it for a purpose
whose circulation
is steady,
well established, and reaches
the people who buy
every week.
Freight
R. J. BLACK, Main St, SHAWVILLE.

###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
JAS. IIOPE& Co.	i Tho atfcuriivy-gunorAl’ii tloparfcmviit in
\f ANVFACTURÏNO STATIONERS, BOOK8KL	to keul' ,UI	0,1 t,u' m,>VV
ill 1er*, Book hinder» FrlnUre, etc. Depository throughout Ontario With H VltiW to stamp
fuie utura Auxiliary UllileSoelety, Ottawa, Out. jug out tho tramp miisuivo.
G. F. HOGGINS.
G. F. HODGINS.
Z AN
I
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUnutllKD EVERY TIIUHSDAY
AT 81IAWVILLE, Vu. l'ONTI W, QUE.
SUBSCMPTION~$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages e paid, unless by special arrangement with uUllsher.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
TIE G. F. MINS DEPUTAI STOKE.
DRY GOODS
Farmers engaged in Hu cubing operations mIhhiM not lmo sight, of the fact NOT X It Y l’t’l I I * NOTARY FOR THE ^ t.liat t lie insurance companies rei j ui ro a IlEUANCE i.OAN AND HAVIN',M j«l<ler -md ,t l«uvol of water to be kvi.t nt 00., OF ONTARIO.	hntvl whole •threshing ih being «tone.
Will lie In Sim,', villi' .m the Hist Tm'wUy Nf«loot of this duty would m, :m Hvrious of every month ami remain until Sutur | I«»nm in case <»f tin*, ns owlivra <»t barns day morning following,	would lose their insurance.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C. L,,
and

JCniiLLEK


0
Autumn Attractions

WATCHES,
CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. HLYUtW AKK do. &C.
\
0
E
ADVERTISING RATES :
Inégal advertising, eight mil* per line for first Insertion end four cent# per lino for each subsequent Insert Ion.
BuMlness cards not exceeding one Inch In-her Led at Si.OU per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per 11 no for first Insertion anil three cent# for subsequent insertions.
Commercial mlverlUIng hy the month or for longer periods Inserted tit low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will hi* Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cent# per Hue.
in
fi
Dr. Young had n freak of nat ure in hut ponHcemion, says tho CoWun Sun, in the BAILIFF OK THE SUPERIOR COURT. 1 shape of a cult powering two heads, one for the District of Pont Vic. office. Main Ht., i directly on top of the other. The upper
Ha”oÙuU collect,U end prompt return, """ «un nut » perfect h.w.1, lmt it made made.	| a peculiar looking annual indeed. It
did not live I me after liirth.
\
R. MITCHELL,

1
NEW DRESS MATERIALS,
NEW READYMADE CLOTHING-, NEW FALL JACKETS,
NEW FURS AND FRESH FIX-UPS
I{i;i‘Aiiu
A 8MS 1AI.ITY
SHAWÏILLE, 0.
HAWVILLE
s
If Chief McDermott, of Renfrew, walks a few degrees more erect, and looks a
HAVING PARLOR, ! tritlo taller this week, «luii'f he surprised,
says tho Mercury. For he is now the possessor of a real Dublin “ Nhillelah.’ which Mr. Barnet brought hack with him as a present from his old country trip, as a testimony of his regard for the efficiency of the Chief as an otlicial.
?
• ?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
t
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
For our Shawville Exhibition, Wednesday, Sept. 27.
Tho Shawville
FACTORY.
NISH anti HOOK
The spot spot for
JOB PRINTING
All kinds of Job Piloting neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mull promptly attended to.
A Fashion a m.K Hair Cut, Good Su AM 1*00, or A <’UAN Sri A Y K.
New Dress Goods.
I. Robert
Lindsay, Ont., Sept son, son of Mrs. T. Robertson, concession
>o
—
Wc
Every day reveals* new exclusive styles and patterns in Dress Lengths have a multitude of pretty fabric# from 10 cents up.
Plain and Figured BLACK DRESS GOODS beautiful rich good- Ol R
SPECIALS.
JOHN A. COWAN
— ALL KINDS i K —
A r Your Turn next
Publisher
ti, Houthope township, was kicked above Agent for The STAR LAUNDRY of I the heart by a fractious horse while un-Ottawa.	I hitching his team after returning from
Articles to be laumlried forwarded every | the ploughing field last evening and died
within a few minute#. The young man
was highly respected and was the main | NôW Fall Jackets and Jacket Cloth, support of his widowed mother.
Interior & Exterior
M
Business Cards.
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs
l'iiesday morning
MEDICAL
MANITA* TUBED
Words cannot doscril** the newness of design, perfect lit. coloring- and *tyb of our new Full Jackets.
Mantle Cloths in Brown, Box Cloth. Nap Curl in Black, Grey and White.
District and Country.
F.M.A.McNaughtoq,B.^.lM.D.,C.M.
DOG US, BASIC, NEWEL POSTS, DREH8ED
LUMBER, Ac. k* ,
K-'i-t in nt<»< k and made to order.
UMBER DRESSED AT PO PU LA K P RILES
The Roman
The Ottawa Citizen says Catholic^clergy of the diocese »»f < it taw»
A child two years old, daughter of Mr. I have distinguished themselves for liber-Willi,m Coe, of Fitzroy, fell into a tub »lUy. <hdy a few weeks have passed
of water ia,t week .nd wa. drowned. I	of | Ladies’ Ready-to-Wear Hats.
Aid. Ned. Hanlan, of Toronto, hss I hi» jubilee took definite form by tiseopen-completed a scheme for a winter carnival ing of a subscription list, and already at Ottawa on October 2nd, Oth and 7th. | @5,000 has been subscribed. This sum
will he largely increased before the subscription list closes.
G it a ovate of McGill University,
Will occupy the office of Dr. II. H. Knox during Ids absence.

M. CREDIE& HODGINS.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
Our stock of R uuly to Wear Hats, Including all the new shapes in Tam Crown, Estimate* furnished Dress Scapes, Toques, Round Hat# and Turbans.
O
F T. M. C.
About 81,500 has already been raised
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
J. II ARMHmoNu‘8 Rom:,
THE HDLL ELEGTFIC CO.
Men’s Hats, Caps and Ties for the Fair...........
Mr. John Dunbar, of the Exchange
Hotel,jRenfrew, who was seriously injur- A big fire occurred At W. C. Edward# ed by falling down stairs a couple of & Co’s mills, New Edinburg, whereby
about $8,COO worth of property went up in smoke. The tire originated in the Mayor Graham, of Arnprior, who ten* I drying kiln in which there were over JO, dered his resignation s mie time ago, on 000 feet of lumber at tho time, and to account of a difference of opinion with this building, through tho heroic and |	OrPfltionS	ill	Ties
the Council, regarding the giving of au well-directed efforts of tho Ottawa tire I electrical franchise to a certain company, brigade, were the flumes confined; hut has withdrawn the same.	I the contents as above given, were con-
sumed and the building was badly damaged.
Orncf. and Usaii>tarie
MAIN STREET - • 811AWV1LLE
months ago, is slowly recovering
We sell only the newest styles in Men's Soft an l Hard Hats, an ! our prices | Car*run at Intervals of twenty minute» in
the morning and fifteen minutes lu the after noou, dally, Sundays Included.
are just as new as the styles
LEGAL.
B0DR6EAU RAINVILLE, L. L L
Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled
I
1
All the new shapes an<f colors.
We want you to see our Stylish Ties id Look for exhibit in show-case and select one,
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, visit Shaw ville every Monday
WILL
W. R. TAYLOR,
A strange sight was seen in Kingston recently, when suddenly the streets all over the city were tilled with butteiflies.
There were thousands of them, and hun I rjble deed
dreds of email boys captured boxes full of j %bout\ eleven miles from here tho insects. Whence they came is a mys- Hook, the wife of Ezra Book, a respect-tery. It is thought they were blown in able resident of Gainsboro’ township, in
from the far west, and it is feared that moment of insanity, deliberately threw I jr» Don’t FORGET tO give US a Call when YOU COllie tO SllRW- I $
ISjMLÎÏ. £ih* «lo-Tl;:	ville’s Big Fair. A pleasure to show goods, and no one «
ing a word to any person, Mrs. Book	prycil tO buy.
E jSrE?? EEH51 liSê'ISSS	THE C. F. HODCINS Departmental Store.
“IShXts	•	: .1 ACCURATE,
the congregation joined heartily in the ^ (leelared hud the water 4n the well 1	----------1 2	’
* service of praise Mr. Gandier betrays a 1)cen d enough she would have jump distressing indifférence to the idea dom ^ heiWf. Mrs. Book is the mother of mant m some modern churches that peo 8eve„ children, and is about forty years pîe gu to hear elaborate music.	uf age. She has on previous occasions
given evidence of slight attacks of insanity, hut no serious results ever occurred.
Sec.-Treas
Furs ! Furs !
WM. GAMBLE,
St. Catharines, Ont., Sept 22.—A ter-was committed at Silverdale, ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦	Mrs.
They are ^
•ti
in Furs we offer great variety and special inducements as to prices now ready for your inspection.
BARRISTER, Ac.,
159 Main Street,.....
Hull.
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over G. F. Hodglns’ Store. Main Ht.
##*
: Stevens Rifles
Arthur McConnell
A Halifax clergyman, Itev. Mr. Gan
A TTORNEY AT LAW, Main St. Hull, \ Que, will, atrequeet.BtteudallcourtM In thedtatrlct. Allcorrespoudeuctprompt*
,ywm bea?ShawvillefirstThursdayofeach mouth.
?
CEO. C. WRIGHT
From tho

£	$6.00 “ Favorite "
Ç to our most expensive** ideal,”
}4 The 44 IDEAL ” No. 44 is a fine rifle. TONE OF OIK LEADERS, price only $10.
£ Vxeqnu .ntecit in every respect.
ÎJ ing cheap about it but the price.
-t< Mad»; regularly In .22, .25 »nd .32 cal V [> r,- rim-flre. .25-30 6TEVK.NS, .33-40 it! .3S-3 5 and. Il.lliceuler.flre.	> <
^ IN SPECIAL SIZES, $12.00.	| !
Send stamp	complete Catalog and
Hand Hook,
)
- r advocate, barrister,
230 Main St , ¦* Hull, Que ,
(Old Registry Office. opposite Court House.)
Law business lu District ot Pontiac attend ed tu.
Q-o to
Toronto, Sept. 25.—Mabel Kay, the 10 year old daughter of Mr. George Kay, 55 Grant street, while playing round » bon tiro near home on Saturday afternoon, received burns which resulted in hei death about twelve hours later. Her throat, waist and back weie severely burned, and trite had inhaled tho dimes to such an extent that her lungs and throat wore scorched. She died at 4 o'clock on Sunday moil ing.
SHAWVILLE.
DALE BEOS.
»
Noth
Serious Accident to Mr. Jas. A. Eady.—Cn Friday afternoon last Mr. James A. Eidy, of II »rton, met with a accident while out with Mr. A. J Jamieson a threshing outfit in Adnmston He had been threshing at Mr. David MiQuitty’s, and was starting to move to Mr. Roland CV» z et s. A short distance from Mr. M'Quitty’a barn the threshers had to cross n bridge on private property The bridge was of cidar stringers, and at the middle was twenty or twent)-five feet from the ground. Th* threshing niach-itself went over safely, Lut when the engine came on, its weight was too much for the structure. One of the bottom cedars cracked, and the engine commette ed to cant over the side if the bridge. Mr. Eady was driving the team which drawing the engine, and as he felt the bridge giving beneath him lie made jump to get out of the way. out well from the bridge, and landed on
But down
For anything and everything in the line of • - -1
Stoves,
Planing, Matching
Dressing
W. W. IRELAND,
serious
Clerk of the District Magistrates’ Court
Tinware,
1 )ecd 9
Commissioner and Conveyancer Mortgagee, etc., executed legally and *atls
factor 11 y.
I
t
Furnaces,
Cistern Pumps, Booting or Evetroughing.
STF.ÏEN3 ARMS AND TOOL GO., 6
I
QUE
SHAWVILLE
P.O.Box 1311,
CHICOPEE FALLS, MASS,
S
----------------------------------! Mrs. Ann Blake was found dead in her
WILLIAM ELLIOTT	! room at Smith's Falls under such circum*
r>AILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT | stances that it is believed she has been 15 stiawvllle <4ue.. respectfully	murdered. The unfortunate woman's
w*lthg»M U>un»rin”HiVcImntyl OoUect Ion” body w u, i„ a terrible Condition from madeandp’-oroptreturnsaasvred	j blows, and her husband who dealt the
blow», has been placed under arrest. Husband and wife were addicted to drink.
— I Smith’s Falls, Sept. 20 —Tho adjourned inquest on the body of Ann Hake was resumed this afternoon. Dr. McCM
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County |um^ coroncr, presiding. E. G. Mallak,
Pontiac. Sales conducted In a business- like county attorney» was present on behalf
of ,h:Cro«n..,,d Mr Foy,Uarri.ter 0,
or private «ale on reasonable terms. Pub- perth, appeared for the prisoner, I r, 'S.
mont'!'A (varü"vd,-fa'..«‘V.°>Ton j Blake. The evidence went to show tint, hand for sale, uifice : Shawvllle,Que. | Blake and his wife and Henry McGrath
spent Saturday evening and night in drinking, that the Blake household was usually quiet and peaceful except when there was liquor in the place when, one of the witnesses said, there was nothing

and
me
Jobbing and Eepairing
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
LUMBER OF ALL KINDS
done at
reasonable rates.
GENERAL
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
m	Samples FfCC
J. J. TURNER,
was
a
Ho sprang
Neatly and promptly executed at low prices. Good workmanship guaranteed.
all demands supplied for
a stump some distance away came bridge engine and team after him and out towards him. Fis right leg was caught by part of the engine and pinned to the ground, Steam came over towards him from the injector, but though both legs were broken ho had consciousness enough to reach over and shut oti the burning his hand badly while doing so. He also directed his comrades to run back to the barn and get shovels to dig him out from under the engine. Drs. Mann and Murphy were sent for, and found that the right leg was broken above the ankle, and the left leg at the ankle and also at the knuckle of the hip. It is thought that this last injury ceived when lie jumped, falling against the stump. His leg was also badly burned from the hot pipe of tho engine, which fell across him. The doctors set the broken limbs, and then the victim was brought to his home in Horton on a stretcher. He suffered excruciatingly for days, but is now getting on as fav orably as can be expect.d.—llenfrew Mernuty.
ROUGH AND DRESSED LUMBER.
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
J. G. ELLIOTT
WM. BARBER
Montreal and Toronto.

Court Shawville,
No 216.
3
DALE BROS.
An Earthquake
I.O.E
«
SHAWVILLE, QUE-
Highest Prices paid for Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Eggs.
m

Meets the 4ib Wed nee ,	,
day of every mouth. | but fighting and the victor was the one
who was least intoxicated.
Blake confessed having given his wife
good pounding on Saturday evening,
alleging that she was misbehaving with
Always creates a lot of excitement. > Incidentally we might reniaik tha* \ our splendid and well selected stock I * of general merchandise is creating I f a like amount of excitement amongst ! the purchasing public, the caust ( being our very low prices.	?
wsms
s tea m
P. s.
Court dues must be paid promptly every mouth
Visiting brethren cor* I a dlally invited.
H. S. Barnett, F.s I McGrath. He confessed to at lease three
different parties who held out no induce: ment for him to do so.
The jury retired at 9 p. ni. and soon - brought in a verdict of wilful murder against Blake, who was forthwith arraigned before the magistrate and committed to stand his trial at Perth.
V
PROMPTLY SECURED
L.B.C
Write for our interesting books “ Invent cv's Help" and "How you arc swindled.' Semi in a rough sketch or model of ycur
invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Wc make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS & EXPERTS
Civil & Mechanical Fnginoers, Graduates of the Po’.yU'chnlc School of Engineering, Bachelors in Applied Sciences. Laval University, Members Patent Law Association. American \\ ater \\ orke Association, Nct. England Water Work* Assoc. P. O- Sutveyora Association, Assoc- Member tan. (society of Civil Engineers.
< NEW YORK LIFE B'LO’C.. MONTREAL CAM. CFF.CES: ( ATLANTIC 3UIL0INC., WASHINGTON, D C.
J. A. Cowan, R.p
Hugh Hobbs, C. R
wits re*
Vancouver, B, C.. Sept. 22. -- A TUg Farmgf strange case of purchase find adoption of a white baby by an Indian family at Fort Simpson is vouched for by the wife of the Anglican mission clergyman at that northern point. The child is about 15 months old, and well treated by its adopted parents, who state that they purchased it for a few dollars from the unnatural mother in Vancouver.
HOTELS.
will find us prepared to supply hit-eve ry need. We have everything he requires from a plough to a suit of clothes.
St. Lawrence Hall,
m9
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress,

Pembroke Items
The Housewife
some
Table and Bar al-
Qver forty-five men went up on the steamer Victoria on Tuesday morning to wotk in the woods for J. It. Booth, in the Black River district, and over fifty
r^MTIAC HOI iQrr I men left for Sudbury on the 5 a. in. train P1 i -	the same morning. They remained over
^ n ght at the Cecil hotel.
-	^ I Mr. J. W. Munro, his many friends
I will be sorry to hear, was forced to again take to bed on Wednesday. However, he is gradually gaining strength. Mrs. Munro is still very week and for foot weeks bus been unable to leave her room. We hope foi the speedy recovery of br.th.
Good Accommodation ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached
Will also be pleased to learn that our stock of groceries and householr necessities was nes er mo large and complete. We have everything eht may require to make the home happy and comfortable.
I
Eiectric'an W. M. Pollock, of Almonte, while applying resin to a slipping belt in the power house got hi» hand caught and in an instant the arm was pul ed <11 nt the shoulder and his whole body became so entangled in the machinery that it took an hour to accomplish the unfortunate man’s release, and during all this time he was suffering untold agonies, which were ended in death an hour later. Mr. Pollock had been Hie electrician since the works were started about ten years ago, and was both faithful and eflieient. He was born in Lanark village about forty-
Hie wife died about two There are three children Mr. Pollock was insured for
Hon. C. J. Mackintosh, while in Ot tawa last week expressed the opinion that it would require a coalition government to settle the difficulties in British Cob umbia.
50 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
sOPI
if

%
In Conclusion,
Rl
WANTED 3- per day sure, gentlemen or ladles ; special work ; position permanent; reliable firm, with best references ; experience unnecessary.
S. M. FRY,
Field Manager, Toronto.
i
Suffice it to sny we have everything usually kept in an up to date genera) store.

Trade Marks Designs
rrf?Y ^ Copyrights Ac.
Anvnne sending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an invention Is probably patentable. Communications strictly confidential. Handbook on Patents
for securing patents. i Munn A Co. receive
(I#
Address
James Gareau, who resides on the Mnf fat Point, has been ill of stomach trouble for some years. On Wednesday the cause of the trouble became apparent when he voided a lizard of immense proportions. He felt that something of the kind was in his stomach, and took an immense dose of turpentine, which killed the reptile and caused the voicing. He is delighted at getting rid of the lizard.— Observer.
SILAS YOUNG CS^Starke’s Corners.

five years ago months ago.
1!

sent free. Oldest agency Patents taken through gpcctal notice, without charge. In the
Scientific American.
living	,
0()0 in the Workmen, S2.OÛ0 in the
of Scotland and 81,000 in the Odd-
¦Si!
Bldg., Chicago.
i
sons
fellows’ Relief. He was a member of St. Andrew's church, and brother of Mr. Robert Pollock, cf the Post Office, and Mrs. Fred Dinwoodie, Campbellford. The accident tilled all hearts with gloom.
To PATENT Good Ideas
may be secured by our aid. Address,
THE PATENT RECORD.
Baltimore, Md.
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest Hr* eolation of anv scientific Journal. Terms. #.) a year: four months, $L Sold by nil newsdealers.
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
C. CALDWELL,
.. proprietor



###PAGE###6###

oint11 de nee*, which mrm certainly curl-u but which isfsithaless are not
ikely to convince sensible people that | some Briunrlteblr liieiaim* of Tlirlr
ad of the world, Is near at hand
Tin* appearance of comets has fi «
uu n11v given rise to wimilar prtxlto	.	_	.
, This wits the case when tb«* | writer, hue collected Instance» of anl-
fa mini» comet of 1680 appeared. | mal intelligence, many uf which are of
W lust on a scribed the deluge I" i,H A (ha racier to indicate that animals
‘TmtnZZ'uÎTJ1 am»"« 'alV'c lE »‘w»„ Member rb-ug. which h.v.
of the people that Bayle wrote a | boooane hubitunl with them In meny
ingle kindness
ANIMALS* MEMORY»
THE END OF THE WORLD
aside the dress she wore, equipped her self in tone m in huh lb le wonderfully short space of time ran down the si airs again to find him waiting for her in the ball.
"Am l an avi d to your satisfaction ; she asked, gayly, placing her hands beh nd her back and trying to look like a naughty child going through its morning task,
"No— more to my discomfiture,’' plied he, with rather more fondues* in his tone than he had hitherto allowed himself.
Katherine made no reply hut, coloring faintly, followed him out into the warm, sweet-scented autumn air.
Through the grass they went, at first silently, then with small attempts at conversation which increased and strengthened after awhile.
"You and your cousin are very intimate—quite like brother anti ter," said Sir Mark, presently, apropos of nothing that had gone before.
"Quite," absented Katherine, concisely. who hardly cared to carry on conversation.
"It must he very pleasant for you to have him with you—this place is so dull."
Sweet is True Love.
all 111 a aivl
I
c
Inlelllgewrr.
Monsieur Henri De Pervllle. a F rentes
th« •
IT HAS BEEN PREDICTED TIME AND AGAIN BUT IN VAIN.
conscious flushing of her f;ioe; and. ho dropped the little clinging fingers hurriedly. as though their kindly touch h id burned him.
of âhe Pcntmit» K*
l iry from KmmIii
prrtlnu tinbrlel’* Tr inn pci Haul Vlnu» K< |i. nlo«l In MI»lory Niiip of Ihv Ile»
re-
in# x lor Hic Pmi Ici Ion
It was bound to oome. of a century passes that s m of eomis country is not affected by the wild rumor (hit the end of 1 world is near at hand, and for tI>m
ses
to prove t he absurdity In belief cases they remember a s
founded on these portents. Mine. de ar u 8iUK]#» uukindneas, and treat the ¦ .... tvritinir »t the same tune
CHAPTER II.—Continued.
-Kor nothing." the girl answered, with the amusement. nu much real en-witJ, su Men animation, raieing her joyment mingled with the outward
ststriæ: M isturti S&.
"Well l shan’t waste my sweet- thought Sir Mark War renne, to whom ness, ' he said, carelessly.	\*be appeared on that partieular even.
¦•Mrs Charter!s, shall 1 give you a mg and ever afterward (he dm ling-little more chicken?"	t\st" girl in all the world. He, fell in
No tihfiuxk you," Harriet answered, love with her hopelessly, irretrievably, cheerfully; "but you may open the as entirely as even Harriet Thai tens bottle oi champagne behind you. if |could h ive wished, and was perpetual-,ou will be so kind, as we all seem ly bringing over flowers and sending u'dng into the gloomiest spirits." up to London for books, and' music. "Al iy 1 help you. Miss Blount," Sir all to make excuses for his incessant Mark asked, presently, having done visits to the old. manor. After a as he was desired, and gazing down in- ineffectual struggles to maintain her tiuii ngty into Katheiine’s beautiful former stiff demeanor, Mies Blount bui disdainful face, "that is, without succumbed, and treated him with that Hiiv danger of further offending you. strange insidious mixture of womanly 1 meau? '	gentleness and childish petulance so
‘Offending nu T Miss Blount echoed, dangerously sweet to all those who with well-assumed innocence, a look were unlucky enough to enroll them-1 of perfect astonishment overspreading selves under her banner.
I am not offended— Arch bald Blount whs more than
h »w could you think so? As you see me satisfied with the state of things ; af-now so I am always — it is my natur- fairs seemed i up roving and brighter al manner."	days loom ‘d in the misty future. Al-
• Oh. indeed! I was fancying other- ready he saw visions and dreamed wise, "Warrenne said, with a slight dreams of the time to come when bis smile, accepting her statement in pocket should be once more amply seemingly perfect good faith. "Then 1 filled, and the old place renovated from muj help you." after which he sat garret to basement. He thought, down again, and addressed himself ex- with exultant glee, of the brilliant clusivoly to Mrs. Charter.s.	prospect in store for him. when, thanks
in two or three minutes Katherine to Ills daughters wealth, hi would be
tor the remi nder of his days far b she said. "Papa vond the reach of that dread night-
m ire. Debt, and enabled to compass m mv things necessary to his own
Not a quarter
part
treat we
CHAPTER 111
Lvvigne, writing at the
Haiti
aut hor of it accordingly ; but the
‘•We |nve a comet of enormous sire; habitual thing tony be said to be »1-,ts t lit is the must beautiful (b.cvt ways remembered, and the unaacua-
ivable. Every person ot note 19 I turned thing only occasionally.
I and believes that Heai- n. m ted in their fate, sends them a
lllrf in this comet. They say that tng aoouunt (of the performances of six
the courtiers of Cardinal Maiarin, I ooaoh horses which wore regularly
despaired of by his physicians. driven the diligence between Herne this prodigy Is In honor of lus ng away, and tell him of the ter, „ xvith which it his inspired them, ed Gurnigel each day after a long and
II,- h ni the .sense to laugh at them and hard journey, and at the inn wore de~ to reply facetiously that the Miivt |%chod (rotn (lie vehicle and allowed
..»»	XZ12X
,1„. .s.ime subject "In this century through the hotel grounds, where the livrions concerning the end ot the | guests were in the habit of giving I have several tunes been as
li was annnunc
t
eon
reason there is little cause for sur pi me at the news that a rumor of tins kind is at present causing a panic among the uneducated classes in southern
At the city of Kharkov, it
Mu ms1 eur De Parvllle gives an emua-
ii m
tft
x\ II n
MH
XX ho is h ‘ l ivvo
fur a
Russia
is said, iho dread of the impending
and (iui nvgil, Switzerland. They reach-
r
i
vatastiopho is epecially great, the re suit hung that workmen are leaving the city in large numbers* wishing to spend what they believe will be tiivii
s. mid
the
last days at their village bom the factory owners have asked the po
the emigration on the
"1 ilo not find it so. '
"No? But vluit is there to dot"
"Trout fishing, for instance gested Katherine, archly
"So t htxre is. Do you — ing with your cousin?"
"I haven’t been lately. Long ago, when we wore children, l used to go with him."
"He is very handsome.”
"Is he?"
"Yea; don’t you think sot" glancing at her searching!)'.
"1 am so accustomed to his face, you see," replied Katherine, with assumed indifference, though she knew her face had crimsoned vividly to her great disgust ing? Have you decided on any particular spot?"
"The mill stream is a capital place for trout. There is a little pool there that swarms with fish—do you know itf — high up. rather near the mill itself."
"J ust
Katherine
"Exactly. 1 believe you arc a clex ever hand at fishing than I am myself. See. there is the old mill; how pretty it holes with it8 ivy covered walls! When l was a boy this was my* favorite haunt."
"II w romantic! To mike the story complete, there should be a miller’s daughter for you to fall in love with and sacrifice your all to marry."
"1 do not think 1 should fancy a
miller’s daughter—a ‘bread-and-butter misa’ in dreadful earnest. She would be so overgrown and so unmistakably
Besides I
have my ideal homed — it' is too late for me to think of changing."
"You are sincere?"
"Fatally so, for my own happiness."
"And your idealt Describe her to
s
lice to stop ground that otherwise their business
sug
few
pi
them lumps uf sugar. Marching from guest to another, the horses gen-
Thls waa
ever go fish
W <>!
soviated with comet . -	.
cd lb it the comet of B e a. for exaniph
uou.d intersect the world a orbit on tly demanded their sugar O toh r J9. IHîfci, which it did as pre- | an eetubliahtid cuatum at the place, and duted. There was great excitement. ,	ugh Uewly arrived guests soma-
sssSfHSpil SSSSSÏÏ5
La Fin itigi on the very first trip, the greatest
haste to go the familiar round of the year betore in quest of sugar. Monsieur l)e l arville also tells of
E-F'HHrt ISS HBss
; n!p:	like two train. r«.h-	%	Tth:
hnulloiiK upon each other ynth ", evolutions ihit lie would manage to
“Inaitiabl °™*»* ^om his stall at night, betake inaatiaoi I h	ty lhti ring, and go through
the re ju red movements alone.
traiu> having each a speed, of UH) kilo- Luoûtly went, to watch it
m.ties pei hour. '	oimnuwrY	would be left unhitched in bis stall,
FltOt KbSOll 1' ALB h 1 HOI 1IM.Y. I ^ wJjeJi all became qu et, would go
The most extraordinary RrmheUon	fijvt his way Lo the ring, txiul sol-
m regard to the end of the world mat enmj bui briskly go through the
Ins !>•?•» made in recent years comes whjle (lr j, apparently remembering
H orn Vrofet.sor Fa lb. the eminent every 4ioiail of it in the proper or-
Au i nan meteorologist. According 1 " | il4Xr
t will strike the earth on
md universal
will be ruined
one
senseless as th's panic may
Now
seem. there is some cause for it, though
this cause will undoubtedly upp* n altogether insufficient to intelligent persona. Ami this cause is the ap-
ut the close of this year ot
a single sign of Not for centuries has
her features
peora nee several planets in
the Zodiac there been such a planetary comb nation as this, and it' is no wonder that for the last few years star readers and other soothsayers have been drawing attention to it, and have been predicting more or less universal ill
Indian as-
liut where are we go-
Pa>sagt to b 1
On
more
fight.'
In his entertaining book du Monde ' M. Ftnimuarion gives graphic description of a collision be-the earth and a cornet which is
luck as a oonscquejice trologers maintain that their country is bound to suffer some unparalleled disasters within the next six months,
tt
ruse
"1 must be going, ¦¦¦	.¦
and lllavkwt o i will be wondering what
Good-by, Harry;
asked
below the sluice?
be-
i ween
b ! s become of me	....
yvu will drive me into Belton to-rnor- ] individual comfort, now utterly unrow will you not?"	. | attainable. So he calculated; and
“Oi course 1 will/' Mrs. Charter s in‘.intime Sir Mark, with the nervous answered, kissing her affectionately timidity of « blushing schoolboy— "g< od-by until then, and take care of despite his twenty-seven years—was yourself; it is rather wild of you, is wondering when he should dare to lay it nut. to ride over here all the way his fourteen thousand a year at Miss without a groom?’*	Boum s d minutive feet, while Blauk-
iiiey had reached the hall door by wood Craven, in the background of
whore Miss Blount’s horse the picture, was quietly eating his
heart away in silent, bitter hopeless
and certain French and English prophets claim that the United States will also surely be scourged, in soul nor during the same time, apparently because the planets, when clustered together in Sagittarius will at the same time bo opposed by Neptune in Gt m ni, and according to all the text books Gem ui is the sign which rules the United States.
man
sist less moment uni, as
mutual destruction by an i age. But in the present instance the velocity of nhook will be h6a times greater than
this time,
st od, held by one of the castle men "Will you allow me to escort you j n *ss heme?’ Sii Mark asked. "I can take
care of you. 1 Mrs. Chatteris's mind at
Me tie la a
One morning early fancy, and so put o'clock. S r Mark Warren ne called at rest about th
about eleven
healthy in appearance
JEAN STOFLEH’S BLUNDER.
Now, it is worth noting that there was n similar panic nearly four hundred years ago and for precisely the h in -worn ^
sun - reason. In 1521 Jean St idler, a [.*% **nd dissolution will be the in , tk) . memory
Gei mn. tern lied Euopc y	ev t ibl • re ult. To this bold statement	^	^	^	^	about tone year,
% r.trrss.“d ™
"y si«“? -re Cancer, ' Scorpio	an.l	J‘ The/ ïdmil. "that the	yyhile ‘‘there® heepent a gwd
took refuge m boats Aw,no!, a	dov-	h,vlVvrH will then bo ablaze with n	be	h	t“rin.	u*	was .seat hack to
tor of law and Canon ol loulouse,	even	m lgn,ficent shower of stars, but they	Uwlong
built a sort of ark. on four piLare as m , ut thflt a similar display of Sume tive y(.ar8 afterward ho was i haven of refuge. There was no pe|esli|ll fireworks regularly occurs taken bv h s master on a visit Uo the
every thirty three years, and there is me fUilll jQ Vermont, and he had mo season no reaflon f()r 8upp0sing that the spectacle in 1899 will be more glorious or more oiumoiH than it was in 1833 and IN#.
m inor and found Miss B cunt your safety."	in the Mna'lvr flower-garden over-
" lb mk you," Kathering answered, looked by t he draw ng-room windows, g i he tiniest fool he had ever yet Crossing the lawn and vaulting the n the palm of his hand prépara- wjrv partition that separated the par-
hut 1 could not terre where she was standing from
placiu
The writer of this witnessed a cur-demonsirntlon of the excellence of
He possessed a col-
eeen in
tory to mount ing. "	.	--- ..
dream uf giving you so much trouble, the outer grass, he came up to her, and Besides" — ungraciously— ‘T general- held out his hand
Good-morning
Good»-inorning
1899
u us
me.'
To be Continued.
ly prefer riding by myself."
returned the young
he said.
returned Kather
“Conclusive, *
man. reddening a little, but gathering me, politely, refurning his smile sweet-up i he reins quietly and putting \ hem iy. ;,n | g.ving him her hand with much into her bind, while Huriet felt al- friendliness. "You are determined we m »st ready to cry with vexation at the shall not call you lazy. Have you had girl’s wilfulness. "But 1 am sorry for j vour breakfast ?"
my own sake that solitary rides are so "Hours ago. I have forgotten all much in favor with you. as it would ;,boUi it. What I Would you have have given me great pleasure to ac- m . ne iu bed with the merry sun so
company you so far."	h gh in the heavens ? I a in not such
Miss Blount relented. Aftei all, it a sluggard as that." was n »t hie fault, and proba dy he % apologize," said Katherine, with would never even want to marry her mock humility ; "yet still 1 plead it was u >t wronging Blackwood in any	¦; 11 y to a feeling of intense curiosity,
way to be commonly civil to him. too yoll niu t not think me rude or im-ehe turned and made amends loi hei ag,n . yourself unwelcome—but what rudeness very prettily.	his brought you here at this hour ?"
“if it will really give you any plea- j r \n overpowering duvrire to see you sure," she said, soitly, bestowing aie- Hga n '-wit h a laugh that completely markably s.veet, repentant lit lie suii e b in shed all suspicion of love-making on him the while, which was her meth >d of being ‘ uncommonly civil ' to
come; but 1 not the most the world to rule
ENGLISH AND IRISH,
Why Three Two Karen Have Never Bern
Ablv to Agree.
That the English and the Irish; liv-under the same physical conditions, should have the most opposite characteristics of any two people in the world is one of the mysteries. The
ing
need of such excitement *. On the contrary, the was even calmer and drier than usual. Siofier had. indeed, made a serious b under, and one for which many of his fellow astrologers, including Tarda u. never pardoned him.
Slofler, however, is only one in a long list of prophets whose predictions in regard to the end of the world have proved utterly false. Ai far back as the year 100!) many communities in Eu rope were driven half distracted by rumors that the day ot; judgment was close at hand, and again in 118Ü whole cities were paralyzed with fright lor lhe sam i reason. Now and again <’ur-the hitter part of the Middle Ages extraordinary phenomenon itnessed, though in a lesser degree, and ever since the modern revival of occultism there have; not been wanting erratic prophets of the Jean Slofler typo.
A few years ago a Mr. Baxter creat-
iu England by his p ré-
sonner arrived than he started out on a tour of the old familiar woodchuck holes. The farmer, who had been very familiar with his ways said that he did not omit a single spot where woodchucks' burrows had existed during h s previous sojourn, and went straight to (hem without any search.
The dog also fell instantly Into all the old routine of the farm, and kept the dish out of which be ate in the , aix>t where he had formerly kept it. who has bien experimenting for some ^ showed that he had forgotten no
years in connection with the perfec-	of his habits on the place live
tioxt of a system of telephoning with- | years before
claim» to have devised an ap-
came
physical conditions of the two races are almost identical England, being insular, with a surface marked i>y moderate irregularities and
moist and equable climate
like
Ireland
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
possessing a
the. chief differences being that Ireland is rather more mountainous than , England, and its climate being a little —"and—the fact is. I am going fish- IlliKler anti wetter. Yot the two peo-ng : my rod is at the house. \\ il you lea are sharply contrasted in tern-
vom ‘ perament and character. The Irish "You take my breath away. Let are as hnpulsive, mercurial, humorous
in consider."	an,l unmethodical as the English are
-™.«»•«."s.,«... wMm. „X7«sü,&Ss^a.ïïr«r.
mmèss SShSI IBIBsSI
make me feel uncomfortable. I sup- posai, Irish literature is more witty,
sSS j	i EIS5S||1
YnFrEFvSH	i irvEE
llUli
With them, and - did you hear that right/.	develt,p	- whch will leave few huma a b.in«9
torthe ham- renn6 '	" “	"ittmirrYbriwouw’aever	PHARAOH S DAUGHTER
"Yes," a vivid, unwished-for blush Bttgge8t itself. Now. hurry—«the morn- The most cur ous pap r weight in the ,ans 0[ wh:eh he had been enabled crimsoning her cheeks. ' I met mm iQg -g taking to itself wings and fly- world Ls said to belong to the Prince u> mike hia wonderful predictions, to-day at Harriet’s."	... iDg awsy. '	of Wales. H *s the mummied hand of He ala0 dwells at length on certain
“Did y u? ' Blackwood 9êùà,WnA g^therine ran into the house, threw qq# 0f the daughters of Pharaoh.
.Hlen<ly Progress Hein g Macif I™ d”1 *',M
System of « ominnnleallon.
Dr. Peter Sliens, a Russian scientist,
, you can you that 1 am
young men.
warn
agreeable person in with
oui wires
ng
(he sam
paratus by means of which persons may converse as easily and distinctly
us by wire telephones, from London In those days of frequent robberies
from London to | it is well to adopt » mo method of identaire than that cf <a
TO IDENTIFY GEMS
was w
to Antwerp, or even
New York, Dr. Stiena promise* to give Uification more
a demonstration of bis system on the simple recognition cf one’s own jew-
It is next to impossible to pick
from a collection
them.
Three miles is a short ride, taking
ed a sensati diction that the world would certain

River Thames. Pending- the vesting of | els. these extraordinary claims, it is satisfactory to know that steady progress is being made by Marconi—in a perfectly unostentatious way—in wire-
lu some recent mane-
two ships
out one’s cwn ring of twenty. An expert might do it, but
few women can.
The best method is the jeweller’s method. Every piece of jewelry they marked with an identification
iy
COME TO AN END, IN 1887
Thousands believed in him, and great was their surprise when they dis-
Yet
i
own is
*. »
with a
Examine your rings
and the numbers will bo
not
and 2 let of September cording to the	J WÊk
phecies of the Old and New Testaments , forty
.............. ,	-	.. I compare with those of the Fathers Uban seventy from the convoy^
From birth to senile death nnd wilh tbe secrets of La Galette, : is a tendency to believe tha^tne^pos
Th it a full which is foretold the great war sib
«
/
IIIS DIFFICULT POSITON
Junes is a highly successful man
•Tljs
he rn ikes so mu h
not A FREE TRANSLATION.
Isn’t this a free translation? queried the maid as she glanced through the
volume.	....	. u
No, madame, replied the new clerk
politely, You’ll find the price mark in-
side-*2.50
I
DISTANT REMORSE
When Henry goes away every year
the name old
writes me
(
•TQ»
HIS WORST
She—Have you ever acted in private theatrical* t
He—No, the worst disgrace that eve» happened to me was setting *rrested for, staying up all nigh* end working a tiok-taoK <*# * deaf man • door.
SUSPICIOUS CORDIALITY
11 < -use keeper—Poor want something to eat. How would
a chop suit you f	__	.
Du*ty Rhodes, au spiolouely—Mutton
or woodshed, lady *
fellow I You
sudden bittemeae, aa he
/



' -Ù
J
###PAGE###7###
ITEMS OF INTEREST
RAINS AT CHFRRAPOONJEE.
HOW GREAT ARTISTS WORK
THE MODEL.
mall her letter at oiro. And ehe was
ÏK UnrMMr r„r,r P...... r.r »,|. < I......................	»«"" ,-r »'*—¦'	W"‘”‘ ""	‘ "" r"^^.7"J "
KiKsyrsissmTbJJ.»*- -   ¦».a ....r™......
one sentence In it, one tiny sentence, 1 here has been mm h wn m con with such scrupulous oh re as Mr. tbw detuils of the rainfall of our own gon upon the foot of a three-yeaj-old which contained the merest innuendo cerning life as a model, but these aiti- Luke ^ji.ies’s pathetically beautiful jfljUil(jH b,.;„g content to accept th** girl in Boston and. the foot had to be
shs ee—h™ eehehe:
woman. That little innuendo, as most lately become acquainted with a	The doctor whom Mr. Fildes was a never-ceasing tupply from the ocean covered a verdict of » 10,000.
'“heyday/' awH^wns founded upon young wonian who, for soine ‘Jne’ *aB anxious to introduce into his picture to the west of un, says the Tail Mall A British medical paper gravely the truth, and thus was, of all its kind, been a pro essionu \i '< in0J e ’	'	'	unhappily died, and the artist had to Gazette. Taking a series of yi-ars, the states that mosquitoes may be kept
the most deadly, for you know—"a being rather voluble, she rela e sev-	him aH btiat aH be could from average annual rainfall over the Unit- H|ive two years by tenderly feeding
hLvhj?hf1?- ï't.lf a tru,h Ls everthe eral ineidvnl* iu her career.	memory, assisted by half a dozen dit- ed Kingdom ranges from 20 inches to them with sherry and sugar. But whd
HEE—E
KW J33! ‘K.'S.SS	LX	,ta,	...	....A ....... .... Hr¦ V.I	r„„. ... I.ondon'. .ver... A ..............„ „,i,« W, .. .
spirit—whispered to her next day to	,	, , yery fujr q*0 It A., sat for the heard, and M. J iM» s iH 25 inches, rarely as low as 2 ) i i -	•	*	djPt,	hut it can live long on air. George
burn that letter, every word, to take w,lg	a own child for the dying little one. That or as much as W) inches in any one q. Smith a Brooklyn entomologist, con-
:r&%*3E5 EE rx:X‘Lr~ 2TK.tSLLXts %	* -
###'=5###
loved, and yet every syllable of | angel she is more fortunate than she „	, mot*ei. iH reany a misnomer, 1 >r Hlx months, ' until the reward inches of rain, so that, oleany, delicacy by the Japanese. The whales
perhaps will ever know this side of	.	,	for head such infinite patience was in his giasp. outfbt to deal with the volume m feet a|K CftUght off the coast of Corea, the
heaven.	UH °	.	Mr. Holman Hunt, the painter of so or hi yard* ra'b r than in inches. With- flesh and blubber are cut up and salt-
ErEirJEEEx EEHrxExHE HE-EE-HEx
one of the foolish maidens who thinks Women make much better mode	a„ au artiaL he wished to paint tered 164f> inche8 and 18.21 inches, or A fierce wind arose and whirled the
5r&	as^	z * ¦»-««.- ¦» .«* » «-«¦........... »•->•»
used unadvisedly, for l should speak greater degree than mm. '1 hose who and pamts With him to the east, wan- , ever been known to fall in London i *	^ collusion with expressmen and
more correctly if I said she thought have never experienced the torture of deied hundreds of miles, over deserts a wbole twelvemonth.	keepers Thomas S Clark who is serv-
EBcSaHrE
herself so wise and so superior, was five minutes, and notice how glad you bis picture; and at the end of three Bengal leading to the extensive low	of moneJ ljy celling canned goods,
one of the foolish maidens, because she are to feel the freedom of your body yeara uf wan 1er ing and work brought jyjng tracts of the Gangehic Sounder-. yrujjj|# liquors arid various articles to I I kept too wide open the eyes and ears when the time has expired. then back the completed picture to England ,	, tbe Jhils of Sylhet, so that bis fellow convicts. An acquaintance
which had been given her to use. And imagine what it would bo to endure a __(>niy t0 seil it for less than it had	.	.	, i .... .... elevation betrayed him. Were it not for this
with those too-wide-open eyes of hers tense strain of every muscle for .M) actuapy cost him to paint it.	Assam is «* <	y	,	,	friend s treachery, the prison official*
she saw some things which were not consecutive minutes. Bo you think Am og continen ai artists none ever of one hundred feet above r.ne sea-iom	he flight soon be r unning an in-
and which had taever been. And with the wages offered would influence you w<.rkotl more conscient.ourdy than j8 attained. Suddenly the Khasia dl.I>#.n(jeut store within the prisoe those too-wi de-open ears of hers she to undergo each a nerve tension un ess MtdsB.meri some of whose tiny canvas- ..... or rather mountains, in the south- walls.
r^Æ*.îtffLîS	.srrsSÆ'SïJ	- *««» -clous and confident*!1 whisper or two. would prerer to pose for male classes. ulti f ot> \\ b,n Meissonier was great plain.	A 1 EASAN1 GIKL 1 Ub1,
And then she gathered together In t hat In spite of the boasted tenderness <> n^inting his “Naptdeon in 1814," and	BEE 1 LIV* t L I ^	This girl, hardly out of her terns
üiül Bill aiS'*lï!iiil
nod the other mask you wear for all together she-vmne a letter? No. artist. I oerer realized how many . re-kneaded it and repeated llie pro- jfrecipitoiw «idea, and it terminalesiin. trumpets, without powerful patronage,
BHilSSs mm#ï#
read your life correctly, wouldn't you Been. of what she bad heard, but she inanimate statue, one grows partially	the sea, is a small plain on which succeeded in gaming a literary tri-
PBÉHBU1
. i ?nv tîr! thi? i know ur that you a foolish maiden s freak, he reached out BRIDE DRESSER BY PROFESSION, rained around his canvas, and he bears inches, but C herra s average for trie ^ tenderness of true love, have call-
mmms mmm s-h—h mmmi tssimmmm
ESEÎ-EBS «5giS-5i:5H"ErHS	iitSSS
mmm	iüpü
p n V, "... #hn; that irirl trot safely stamps/ The stamps carried the ring her business, and if engaged she calls to paint a horse until he has actually ing inland the precious Bq	¦ always feeble, worked incessantly in
tmm mmm inne -
1 ^6 V nF i ?¦ 8f « ho w Sfi v »nr Vi * Is a certain she will never forget. And you may ing quietly in bed until 10 o’clock, the The opal is no longer considered of	100 INCHES ANNUALLY,	j Bljnct and by the judgment of the mis-
fuily escaped. hnnntmA creature	-- allons, only a few stitches, being ne- believe that instead of ill luck the opal. . n(jt so exposed, return from 70 in- far above the cum mon. She gave her
and ovefi' around and am g	i*»uir M«wey.	containing a complete inventory is of mutual love, bruning brightly in all -sture collected further south, and fuiure. The loving mother remained
th?iT ™ where aheVould it drew her The man that sharpened shoe pegs put in the bride’s travelling bag. This the colors of the rainbow, It is the ^ it cannot continue on its course at | at her daily toil with this object, al-
rèwSï	ESSr B £
srSrcïâïajsa: SX SST.zi X tftjawa.'rjrsrszs ss: -	zzsxxtii raM
EHH'BElHs	s£S£*S«;
h nr^r whir-.h she thought would Jencies which masquerade under the she is taking it, they straighten up . , love is „n0 which appeals to all ngt. annUal precipitation th-re maybe sac,if.ee of her unhappy mother, who
¦¦¦mW*™*
#S!.!	"¦ _===%..
:r'b“HB3H|rE jd-SirJirrs,-r-'"'~nia " SSwl-r—*-
And this wo iymph, and issues it free of charge. What then? asked the approached. Smith—Well, you must remember
Revaccination at stated periods is also In me y out’ I was kidnaped, anj I m (b.lt vou rP not as young» as you used rigidly enforced. Only calf lymph is collectin’ funds to try to find me long- to be used.	lost parents.
un em-
Ycm have heard, of course, that a stamp box la a dangerous present to receive. You haven't/ But you know, of course, why» it is a dangerous piece of property. You don't? Why, yes you do. If you will but think n moment.
You have only to think a moment In order to recall the fact of a certain letter th.it you once wrote yourself. You hive tried and tried to forget that letter. You have said over and over to yourself that what was to he j * is, that it Is all better as It is You bear tbe reputation among your acquaintances, and sometimes with yourself, of being very stoical, very mu« h of a philosopher. And yet, somehow, you don't forget that letter.
It was written to somebody that
The par-
blood
When be dried
i
you
that letter was a dart sent sure and sharp into a human heart, and you meant that it abould be so could, you would have made those arrows sharper, you would have aimed them straighten, you would have sent
If you
t'ticm deeper. D *c iu a. when you wrote that letter, you were chafing under
a slight, of a fancied your pride, for-
a wrong or wrong or slight sooth, was wounded, and you told
yourself your wrath was righteous. You didn’t stop to read that letter when it was finished. No
over
deed. You sealed it, you stamped it, you dropped it into the very nearest mail box. And then you went homo to await the answer. J3ut those poisoned arrows of yours went too surely into ‘heir mark. And you are waiting for tbit answer yet. Yes, whatever
see
greatest part of
but throughout th
corner of Italy,
poems—their strength and beauty—
hid their birth in the
her own heart
Do you think that letter those stamps which have so many sms
and mistakes to answer for, what did they do? They fiew fast_and straight to their destination
Here in this in ill
tie
book
came
i
worn
an
: \
f
A patriotic tenant of a house in Chicago raised an American flag to the window
it down, saying that nails damaged h e property. Judge La Buy fined h m @ICO and costs. The tenant is bubbling with glee, and the fl|g is still t here.
The owner of the house tore
No
Unique properties are possessed by
the River Tinto, in Spain. It petrifies
the sand of its bed ; and if a stone falls
in the stream anfl alights upon anotb-few months they unite and be-
Over one thousand houses in London are tenantless because they are supnosed to be haunted. Seventy-one of them have been the scenes of murder, ind from some of the remainder occupants have mysteriously disappeared, waters.
seen,
there was a woman man wrote a latter, but because It was before the days of stamps, behold ! her «tamo box was empty. And because ber stamp-box waa empty she did not
Sr, in s	e
come ono stone Fish cannot live in its
*


###PAGE###8###
when the generate have been j»unhhrd the Vieyfuiards will continue the campaign 41 unit1 C'Hirts martial have bton abolished, and iron tins have been car ried into the sores of the diplomatic corps and society."
The foregoing article cîeaily ou l ine the militant attitude of the Dreyfusards and shows that Franco will not !>.’ allowed to rest quietly, even though Drey ft¦ be eet at liDerly.
r
FALL GOODS!
Hash is King.
??
DON’T.
)
()
u
anno your friend got ti niw Suit from us that it was the on In nie** piece we had. We have duzvus.
WE HAVE JUST PUT IN STOCK ... A NICE LINE OF . . .
DON'T i
Tho discovery under tho Nave «•!
old elmvch in iVnn. Duvkiiiglumishin a coffin bearing th I \ nu. caused tnv vi
that it contained the h.ulv < t tlie found*
iccordin
MY TK1ÎMS
o
Utl
o
f W ill
o
na. uc illation of a re|
o
DON’T think that w o c annot vl! goo«N of the same quality its cheap as any other
is that would he i
o
STRICTLY r \SI1
tl
mwvliaiit taihu
MEN’S FALL GAPS.
>
of Pennsylvania, I unit'd there to several Lnglislt papers, in Idik
iso. It U li
o
kc
l
nd your money away when it is needed at fionn
Our Mi ls at
I K) VI
i
I
yvais prior t»» his d lino of Penn's anee
uni \on make nothing equal to vit\ made.
watch and clock rej 1 even thing in my Ui
hv it
A correspondent of the t ologm vttv, who is making a tour o| Samoa t graphs to his paper that there is hurra excitement and anti»l*crman sentiment in the islands owing to alleged Prit is! i machinations. The correspondent predicts anew uprising unless the ninlvoii tents are energetically restrained.
A Polish dew, named William Davis, was in December last almitted to tie Toronto General Hospital Rutlering fr« in
The die-
is the result of the »kin of the vic-

DON'T imagine thiP this store U open to
'ii morrow. a -the pleasure of our friends, the
As usual our patrons may rely on getting
the most up-to-date goods at
RIGHT FRIGES.
%0CK BOTTOM PRICES.
1
«lay mvl here at public.
i
*
are going hunting
that "
hr and hy ami would like you to come
vs< can he done under •vvisiun.
DON T thii
My work is guaranteed for a Year.
I
now while hiiMi. oilv personal supi
Our goods are guaranteed a $'s worth for a $ every time........
A. % McCUIRE THE T.iJLOH.
GOODWYN
FUR GOODS.
LADIES’ & CENTS
an acute form of scleroderma
ease
*	e tim shrinking an J hardening until it be
S	2 I cotnee too small for the frame and tits S"
! #	X I closely that it cannot be picked up. The
•	»#+#+#*#+#+#+#*#	?§?>?#?! >?# tit g era become prolonged, ami the wrists
--------- ----------------------------------- ¦ —	----- ¦ ¦ twist out of shape The hands assume
-The Watchmaker-
ARNPRIOR.....ONT.
Our Furs have also come in.
COATS,
CAPES COLLARS MUFFS,
COLLARETTES,
Etc. Etc.
We will speak more about these Goods in a future advt. Suffice it to say that they contain as good value as can be found anywhere.
I
the shape resembling the claws of an rpe. Asa general rule that disease is considered all but incurable, but in Davis’ case flicacious has been the treatment that Quebec, Sept. 22.— Monsignor Falconi, ! he has received at the General Hospital the newly appointed apostolic delegate to that he is now in a fair way to complete Canada, sailed from Liverpool yesterday , recovery.
for Canada. A cable to that effect, was it j# now quite apparent that Great received by Archbishop Begin, and he | Britain will have to tight both the Trant-i mined lately notified the other Canadian ! Vaal and the Orange Free State, with a prelates to that effect. Mgr. Falconi will fHjr chance that if the Afrikanders of arrive in Quebec next week ar.d will re- I Cape Colony get an opportunity they will main there several days. From Quebec also rise. The despatch of General White he will proceed to Montreal, where he to the seat of war is an indication that a will spend a few days time before going large force of troops is to be put in the to Ottawa. Mgr. Falconi will likely ! field, even as many as six y thousand reach the capital about the second week ; being spoken of. If sixty thousand of in October.	! Britain’s picked troops become engaged
in the South African trouble, and tho 00 is seized upon by enemies in other parts of the world to make unpleasant, ness, Col. Sam Hughes and him death or Several armed vessels arrived in Mon- giory boys may have all the fun they are treal last week, but the chief interest cen. |0(,king fur.
tered in the torpedo boat 44 Quail. Ten.	_T7. ...	_	0 .	r.,
times as long as she is broad, lying low in	|	Young— Whitten, t n	» ept.	»t ,
the water, and having four funnels and a	»l Bank Sr., 1 resl-ytenan churc ,
short flag mast, hardly higher than t: e Ottawa by the Rev. Dr. Moore assisted funnels, she looks what she is, and ex by the> R jv. Andrew Kussol), "f Lunen ceedingly swift vessel, capable of ovei- ! hurg, (1 r •Hier m-.aw « f the groom), «me* hauling almost anything afloat. Eveiy- j Miller \4Uiu to Sarah -lay» thing about her indicates her speed. From daughter of John Whitton, L^q
stem to stein she is almost straight, < f , Accountant Pinard, ef the Interior De-fering the least possible resistance to the partment, committed suicide last week at water. Everything is sacrificed to speed.	Toronto,	by	jumping from abridge, a
Not an inch of space is wasted in hand	;	distance	of	about 100 feet.	His	mind
some accommodation to office:s or men.
Four "fifths of her hold is taken up in engine «pace, Her deck has nothing but
her smokestacks and guns, with a small | WANTED : Industrious men of Charm -
unprotected space forward from which she is sailed. In fact, she is unprotected i.i any way, as she has no armor a\d no co using tower.
Her dimensions give an idea of her pc Sept. 20.—Col. Lloyd, <-f the culiar appearance. They art* :	Length,
written to the 213.0 feet; beam, 21.0 feet; draught, 8.0
Lier two
Papal Delegate to Arrive this
Week.
General News.
AFTER DREYFUS.
t
OTTAWA & GATINEAU RÏ
so t
}
Two Canadians Offer him Æ20O per day to Lecture in America.
Toronto, Ont., Sept a despatch from Vancouver Thursday night. J. B. Carlisle, formerly » will-known insurance man of Toronto, and W . R. Jackson, proprietor of the Savoy theatre in Vancouver, have cabled an offer of 4*200 sterling per day for year to Captain Dreyfus, Carpentries France. Tiny wish to take him on a ltc ture tour.
CHANGE OF TIME
Summer time curd as below wol take effect May IMh. 1899.
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa.
Train Arrive Ottawa No. % Train Leave Ottawa No. 4 Train Arrive Ottawa No. 5Train Leave Ottawa.
No. 6 Train Arrive Ottawa No. 7 Train Leave Ottawa No. 8 Train Arrive Ottawa
Nos. l and 2, daily except Sunday.
Nos. 8 and 4 daily except Saturday and Sunday.
Nos 5 and 6 Saturday only.
Nos. 7 and 8 Sunday only.
For tickets and further information apply to E. O. Arno di. Ticket Agent. 9; Spark St., or 31 Central Chambers. Ottawa.
P. W RESSEM AN, Gen’l Sup’t.
r>.C0 p.m
9.00	a in
8.00	a. m A. 45 p.m
1.80	p.m
S. 15 p. m
9.80	a.m 7.38 p. m
23.- According to
NO
one
camion
A Swift Vessel
BURGLARS MADE A HAUL
Twelve Thousand Dollars’ Worth of Notes Stolen at South
Lancaster.
HEAVY TWEEDS.
Puli:: Pitilt Juclioi Hi.
0
Official Time Table :
The heavy-weight, hard-finished Cloth that the people want. We have a good stock of these Goods. Call and see them.
Cornwall Sept. 21.—A. McArthur A Son’s sate at South Lancaster has tor the second time in two months been L'own This time the robbers succeeded < ti' between twelve and fifteen
AM
Arrive 9 45 “	9.21
Aylmer ? Breeken ridge i ‘Ear d ley Parker’s Crossing V Mohrs Quyon Wyman’s tTanK Bristol McKee’s Shaw ville Clark's
Campbell's Bay ? Tank Î Vinton Cou longe * Mellon's Walt lia in
5.45 Leave
6 00
9.06
open
m carrying
thousand dollars’ worth of notes, winch were made payable to the firm. Thu banks have been notified to be on the lookout in case the notes are offered for
6.12
s
SI
6.18
8.5<
IS
6 26
6.40 6 22 8.14 6 »»!-6 02
41
6.37
6.47
6.56
44
E. HODGINS & SON.

6.58
7.04
was atLcted
discount
7.26
11
7.45
7. IS
8.00
7.1
8.03
TO FIGHT THE BOERS.
Colonel of York Rangers Offers his Regiment for African Services.
8.12
i
8.30
14
tor to travel and appoint agents. Salary atvl expenses paid. BKADLKV-GAKRKTSON CO., Ltd.
Brantford.
8.47
SAVAGE Repeating Rifle,
Leave 6.1
8.55 Arrive
•Flag Station. tTank. t Flag Station

Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer
Tomtit
12th York Rangers, has
of defence, < tiering the services feel; displacement, 30U tons •f his regiment to tight the Boers shou’d engines develop <>,000 indicated horse Canadian troops be sent to Sm th power .and give her a speed of 31 7 knots . This outdoes the offer of ( cl. per hour, or 30.2 English miles
¦peed is such that officer» and men du y wear glas e, to protect th i vy s when going full speed.
She is heavily armed for her s.:23. A twelve pounder is mounted on her forecastle, two s xteen-pounders aro placed each bow, enabling her to concentrate three guns dead ahead; two six-pounders are situated amidships in echelon, and one six-p >ui der aft. The twelve-pound or can hurl a 12 1 2 pound shell wuti sufficient force to pierce 8 1-2 inches of wr >ught iron at the muzzle.
P. W. RESSEMA N.
ti EX EK AL SV PEIUNTEX I>E XT
For Sale.
minister
f
X few High Gra.lv Oxford Ram Lamb* Hur | for sale cheap.
CAM ATLANTIC
any
frica
Sa m Hughes, w h o merely offered to r: is & regiment, whereas the Yoik Hangers is f the best equipped battalions in the
About a d< z tn <•£-
the regiment are well known
i l I OS. McDOWKM,
Shaw ville
1899 Model.
Calibre .303.
o
TIME CARD,
IN EFFECT MAT 1st, 1593.
jne <
province of Ontario
peers in
Toronto men.
ORIGINAL IN EVERY FEATURE,
POINT BLANK RANGE FOR HUNTING,
ONE RIFLE FOR LARGE AND SMALL GAME SIX DIFFERENT CARTRIGHS.
SMOKELESS. HAMM EH LESS SIX SHOOTER,
Stray Steer.
- -—o-
Strayed on to my premises some time in June last, a Yearling Steer, color Mark and white. Owner is requested to come and settle costs and remove the animal at once.
P
01
NEW' SERVICE, MODERN EQUIPMENT.
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 21-2 HOURS.
Trains leave Ottawa Cential Depot : -
I.< cal -st-'ps at all
KILLED WIFE AND BROTH ER.
After the Double Murder O. B Byland Suicided.
Write for Catalogue and Circulars, free.
SAVAGE ARMS COMPANY,
UTICA, New York, U, S. A.
JOHN MURRAY,
Lot 1, Range 2, Ularendoi
NOTICE
TO ALL WHOM IT MAY CONCERN :
Fruits! Groceries ! Confectionery !
in- Walla Walla, Wash., Sept. 22.-0. I>. ¦V* Byland killed his wife and his brother, land then committed suicide yesterday
1L arrived here Tuesday
DREYFUS OUT OF PRISON
a <>.25 A.31,
Shavwille
i
ULtrvts L
Montreal V.5U a. m. > alh i«t. for Cornwall ami poiu
He Left Rennes last Wednesday
M o ruing.
Limltvd steps A
a 8.45 A. 31.
mornirg
from Pomona in search of his wil'd w ho
I.o.nl - fnr nook ¦ l| ohtwd his Wife into a vacant lot and shot Mt the prison hero 1» which he hr.» been
E-I I	I •<* cream !
ï?ïÿs‘ïï‘,"K-S;.,"i..... LTk ttw'™,.	™ »?- F™™.”:'M,:'dc. .r
1 .gag xœ i K.i assis :—
the uutfaceable shame of a judic al crime, this exercise of his prerogative called mercy, so far from impairing the ntces sarv woik of justice will only pre; are and facilitate it, for we must speak i traigLt
I hereby caution all parties against giving any goods, moneys, etc., on my account without an order from me.
andria i. in. Pullman parlor ci
Sundays
A rnvt
Montreal 11 1
t
o 8.45 A.31.
Arrives Montreal 11.55 a. m taUied.
1*»
In the above lines we have a von choice stock. Uur prices ace low, and goods first class.
THUS. PIlENDEIiGAST
atermediate stations Pullman parlor car at-
General Supply Farm Machinery and Carriage
Radford, Aug. 2f»th 181*0.
I
a <1.40 A. 31.
I
FURNITURE,
FURNITURE.
If you wish to indulge in a glass of refreshing ice cream, call at our parlor and get thoroughly satis-lied
Depot.
D. WILSON,
O
Farm Machinery (all kinds,) Waggons,
Expresses,
Carriages, e Biggies,
Carts,
Opposite Pontiac House,
trcal (i. 45 p. m wall. Kingston. Toronto, Chicago, ct car to Montreal.
The
SHAW VILLE, - QUE.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot
a 7.45 A.M. Local-f,om
a 11.20 A.M.	,,	_
Saw his Children for the First
b met car New York •1 f.tnwa,
a 12.10 NOON
We have just the kind of Furniture that every person wants,
and at prices to suit all.
Ro 'klard and intern tej riot*. Local—from Boston. New York, New

DREYFUS HAPPY
FARM FOB SALE
At a Bargain.
Time in Five Years
Sewing Machines, Washing Machines, Wringers,
Churns.
Limited — from
Montreal and pte.	--- out.	... The undersigned offers for sale a farm
SSSii mm ÜÉIII1 subis
lias 1 oilman	jn.^ f,f the tide of suffering toward conval-	these crimes from the bruised but.y of t ie	an(j pUh^ office. The premises are admi
essence in both mind and body. During	man from whom they have tom out the	rahlv suited for a stock farm. Clear title.
Ottawa Amprior, l Party m By.	,S
•	The little ones came be the first to	a« au infamy such
from Paris in charge of a relative. Their tratii : with hie honor.
arrival made complete the happy family “No. The pardoning of Drey fin can £ t vAnipn>r. ^ rujifrexv. remljon	only be the natural, legitimate and mpon-
P. ». Hy.. B-rry'e Bay,* Whitney. » Canoe Lake. It was a charming picture that was j>re- taneoua action by which the rcpiceentat-
P<mry Sound and intermediate points.	sen ted to the privileged callers. They	ives of the civil power refuse to ns it elate	'pj10 undersigned offers for sale his de
ftnvnfeTllKud.r‘ke	s.	saw Dreyfus seated on a large wicker	themselves with the obstinate iniquity	„irob!e property situated on Main street,
itv,"Barrv'.; liav, m	hat-	chair in a\d closed shelter in fi it committed by the militai,	It Is ShnwvifK opposite the Bank. For terms
T-rain. arriv. at Ottawa cvntnjj	:	of the house, his children at his knees the government of Republican France and particulars apply to
10.80 A.M. Lv Fganviik.; Ren- and Mme. Dreyfus at his side, while repudiating with horror any part in {hi*	L'î>mXman P O
frew, Arnpri-irand lutennedlate points. ^	withered around him were his brother, denial of justice. As for ys, we shall	<l
5.5<) p.m. RWkÆ
Tlie autumn weather was mellowed by ed ourselves. There hive been crimes (>wey ,* the world’s greatest naval
Central Depot Russell House DM.	„
.Kïsassti wa&'&a	a S'A.tsSJRs c £	1 Fu" - -
Dreyfus and added to the emotional joys work of obtaining their chastisement. lifetime. Wrltoquick. The Dominion Com of the day.	M. Pressense goes on to declare that pmny, 3rd Floor Caxton Bldg., Chicago.
r

Straw Cutters, Corn S hellers, Wheelbarrows.
> «
) ^
Kingston, Toronto and pointa west l irlor cai.
TO AND FROM TFIE XVFST (Daily, except Sunday)
ive Ottawa Central Depot :
Come and be Convinced..
Everything required by % Farmer
in the line of machinery to lighten the work about his premises may be got here.
Trains
PROPERTY FOR SALE.
8.00 A.M.
CULBERTSON & GRAHAM,
4.55 P.M.
IT PAYS
1
To buy a good article, and an inspection of our stock w ill show that we keep only the best goods of the best makers.
Undertakers and Embalmers.
i
Amprior and intermediate points.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Prices that will sell.
A. SMILEY.
UNDERTAKERS’ SUPPLIES
tours
— Always kept in stock
a Train* mn daily except Sunday b Sunday only.
1____I

L
»
