###PAGE###1###

\
• •
X
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, MARCH 27, 1902
No. 41. lorn Year.
#1.00 a Year in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
FIRST-CLASS
BANK OF OTTAWA
>
FARM FENCING
Nom:*.- All.account* dm* gw roust Ik* Ht it Jed by Apr»! 15th.
Monday*, Wednesdays
—clearing sale days at fca
KOR SALK.-New burse clipper*— mas with crank. Apply at
The Equity Omen.
W. T. Ka*l.
Head Office: napltfll paid up
OTTAWA. CANADA.
. ...... li.ove.uw
........ iM.hk)
and Saturdays
ONLY
07 CANADA.
AVE YOU ANYTHING TO PAINT ?
ITS
il48t
30 Cents oer ROD.
,	, board of Dii acton :
ChaULBS Maoib, Esq., President. Georgs Hay, zhq ,Vice President.
How. Oso. Brtbom, Jr. |	|
Alsx.Fimmr, 8*9 , David MacLaiuw, Kmj.,
Dsunib Mvmht, Eeq.
CAPITAL - . - $6,000,000. RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Head ©lice, • Montreal.
for sale by
TKt ONTARIO WIRE FBHCIXC CO,, Ufrrted,
PICTON ONT.
MW. B. Tremblay of Bryson returned from Ottawa on Monday lout, where she ha* bees attending the in illincry opening*.
.. Do it Now !
MillinehY.—There in now in «lock at
Mis* B. TrembJayX Bryson, a beautiful I Wanted -A srrart
«Mhortinrnt of the lutoet Spri,,g »d lleern y>f printinR ,,uklneH8.
Apply at Thk Equity Offiet
GEORGE Bin*
1). M. riNNIE
Ornvral Manager
intelligent boy to
Braix heu ;
IN ONTARIO
Ke^watlo,
Krmptriüe, Mature, Ottawa,
Summer hate
SHAVVILLE BRANCH,
Money loaned on approved eesurlty at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Monty transferred to all parte of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Baby CARBiAot.it.—Several styles in stock at different prices
Lanark, Parry Bound ftaabrokt,
Rat Portage, Winchester,
Renfrew
Alexandria, Am prior, Avouiuore,
Bracebridge,
t'ai le ton
Cobdea Hawkeebury,
We have Everything ... in the line of ...
Paints and
V ar nishes
(the good kind)
^nd Brushes to put it on with.
For Sale Or Exchange.
Jam Graham.
FOR SALE.-A few general use Horae*, in good condition for Spring work. Farmer** note* taken in settlement.
John Hamilton, Clarendon.
If you have picture* to frame 1 can fur-niwh you with frame# in a variety of the latent style*, at rook lwtioni price*. 0*11 and *ee sample of moulding,
H. Imison, Photographer.
Forty dollar* cash will purchase a new Massey-Harris Mower. This machine has has never been set up, and 1h new and complete in every detail. Apply to George Telford, Lot No. 14, R.7, Bristol.
do
do Bsr.k Bt do Rideau Ht. Toronto, do K6 unroot Bt. Wioch**t#r, Vanklotk Hill, Smith's Falla
IN MANITOBA 1
50 ton* of first class I in. y ( pressed ) for «ale or in exchange for young cattle or a few good milch cows, also a brown colt coming 3 year# old. Ho i« a good one.
Win. HOGGING. I Portage da Fort, March 3rd, 1902,
Place,
Winoipf r
Dauphin
Accouc/i opened for amounts of one dollars and upward* and Interest allowed.
Office Hours
BATCRDATS .
' Portage Ls Prairie
IN QUEBEC;
, Mull,
Bhawleigan Palis
Agents in Canada, New York and Chiesgo-liank of Montreal.
Agents in Mt. Paul—Mw chant* Nat Bonk: Agents in Loudon, Bug.—Farr's tiuuk Ltd,
Lathnte
Montreal
1ft A.*. To 3 r.W
10 A M. TOI P.M
F A. PARKER,
Manager

For sale at $175 or to lease fur term of year*, the North-West half W No 4 In 13th Range Clarendon. 20 acre* cleared, well watered, good hard wood on haJl
the lot. Would put uyWÊÊttÊtÊÊtGËtÊi suitable purchaser or tenant. Address Arthur McConnell, Advocate, Hull Que.
LOCAL NEWS.
The undersigned desire* to inform the residents of Shaw ville and surrounding country that he hie taken over the GROCERY AND BUTCHERING BUSINESS lately carried on by J. G. McGuire and propose* continuing the same in Li* old stand—comer of Main and Pitkanotk Street*. Sbawvitte.
By strict attention to business and an ear ne* t endeavor to give the best satisfaction to the public I hope to merit their patronage and ftopport.
LOCAL NEWS.
V
A hiking business has been opeited reminded that we cannot manure the | j,y Mr James McArthur with his broth-insertion of matter unless It U In i who a first-class baker, in charge.
Advertiser* and correspondents are
small house for
Colonist special trai ns to the Canadian North west for settlors and their effects will pass Arnprior at 9.46 j> m. every Tuesday in March and April All information from J. R. Tierney, ticket agent, Arnprior, Out,
Stackhouse, Sur
Hereafter,
oblige very much by calling early.
are
Don t forget
Alabastine
The only Wall Tint.
daily.
5pH=EriH-Bi I isSwST.®
sharp.	| grapher seeking obusines* opening. ^^
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE.—For young cattle—one pure bred Shorthorn Bull, two years old next J une. He is a good one
Dont mlew the Maple Sugar Social which the Ladle* of St. Paul's Church will at the Rectory, Wednesday night,
JAMES CUNNINGHAM,
Starke* Corner*.
bold
Mr, N. McCuaig, provincial game warden, was in town on Saturday. We t	,	. learn he is making it somewhat interest-
Mrs 0. McCagg ha* just ret urned from jnj fl>r some parties who have keen vio-the openings with a large stock of hats. jttt,jDg the game laws by killing deer out You are assured of style and quality in 0f eea9VDi the most moderate priced hats
April
HAY FOR SAXE.-At the office of Hugh Matheson, in the village of ShowvUTe, over twenty tons of good timothy bay pressed, and in good order. To be sold at six and seven dollars per ton according to
2nd
H. A. HODGINS.
quality
Wall Papers,
Window Shades, Carpets.
Hvub Mathxson
The repair shops of the Canada At-1 member the regular meeting of Court lantic Railway on Elgin street, Ottawa, ShawvlUe to-night Wednesday In hall were destroyed by fire on Friday night oven O. F. Hodglns’ stone. A large together with several freight and pass- attendance le requested, eager cars. Loss, $45,000
In CovitT.-We hive bended over » | Mis» Jennie Thompson, the only <ku«h
ter of Mr. Matthew Thompson, of Clsr
endon Front, passed away on Monday
the 17th ioet., after an illness of a few
months. She was
Interment to k
cemetery on Wednesday the 19th.
Cheap Sal* of Candies, Etc
hence the meeting was called, and we glad to note that satisfactory progress in the direction aimed at was made. It is true the attendance was not as large as was hoped for, owing perhaps to insufficient notice, but there was a smack of enthu-about the proceedings which denotes success if no unforeseen difficulties The business transacted consider-
Mint*, Brown Dots, and Acid Drops, Creams, Con. Loacugw* -
—All at 12c. per lb. 41 bs Mixed Candy for 26c. or 7c. per lb. Chocolates from ft to 36c. per lb Maple Sugar, 10c. per lb.
Orange and Lemon Peel, 13c. per lb. Citron Peel, 16c. per lb..
Shelled Almonds & Walnuts 25c. per lb. Filberts, 11c. per lb.
Figs, 10 cents per lb.	7*
( The above In not less than pound lots ) -Ginger, Cinnamon, Clowes Strawberry, Peppermint, Pineapple, Peach & Pear—4 bottles for 25 cents. Flaked Rice Barley and Pease -
- 3 packages for 25c
are
number of subscription accounts to the Clerk of the Court for collection, and will add materially to the number unless we hear from the parties concerned.
On Saturday, March 21st, the monthly meeting of the Teachers' Association took place in the Shaw ville A cademy. — Owing to the bad condition of the roads there was a very small attendance, this undou btly being thereaeonwhy no report of the meeting reached Tax Equity.

i only 17 years of age place at Norway Bay
arise
ad, first, in deciding to organize’an institution to be called the “Shswville | Literary Society;” next in the appoint ment of a committee, the appointment of Secretary and Treasurer, who were empowered to select and appoint a suit ble person to act as librarian. It warn then decided to fix the membership fee at fifty cento for the fir-1 six months, and 26 cento a quarter thereafter. On this basis the new organization entered upon its existence with a membershtp of nine, as follows Revd*. Messrs. Waddell and Ireland; Messrs. G. F. Hodgins, A. Smiley, R. Woodley, R. W. Hodgins, J. A. Oca an, W. D. Armitage, W. A Hodgins. •
On Thursday evening of next week (Aptil 3rd) it is proposed to hold another meeting in the Council Hall, when it is expected the first selection of books will have arrived, and thecommitteenamed for that purpose will have the draft of constitution prepared to submit to the members whom we hope to see materially increased by that date.
Rev. Ma Barnett Dead.—The Rev. Mr. Barnett, at one time pastor of the Shaw ville Methodist Church, passed away at his home in Lynn, Out, on Sunday last. The rev. gentlman had been in enfeebled health for some years, and his death, therefore, came not as a surprise. His son, Mr. H. 8. Barnett, of this town reached his father's side on the day preceding hie departure, and remained for the obsequies on Tuesday. The rev. gentleman’s remains were interred at Lansdowne.	.
Death has claimed another old resident of the village in the person of Mr. William Story, who passed away on Thursday last at the patriarchal age of eighty-one years. The deceased gentleman was attacked by la grippe some time ago and the malady proved too severe a strain upon the system of one so advanced in years. Mr. Storey is survived by an aged widow and family of six children, who are respectively as follows ; Messrs. Robert of Clarendon ; John of Bristol, Thomas and Matthew of British Columbia ; Mrs R. Trelford of Moorhead, and Mrs. Alex. McDonald of this village. The funeral took place on Saturday morning from deceased’s late residence to St. Paul’s church, and thence to the cemetery opposite .
The late Mr Storey was born in Far managh Co., Ireland, in the year 1821, and emigrated to Canada in 1862, first settling mi Bristol township where he was engaged in farming until a few years ago. In 1866 he married Mary Ann Wallace, who with the family above mentioned are left to mourn his loss — The deceased wa< an upright man and enjoyed the respect of all who knew
Bitter Oranges, 20c. per dox.
AT KARL S.
SHAW.
PROTECT YOUR SIGHT. Present •training' means future
J
The Mayor of Clarendon is makings pretty clean sweep of it as regards the enforcement of the compulsory vaccina lion by-law. During the past week quite a number of delinquents were summoned before our J .P's here, in conse-
lied with the law
In# your eyes free and nd glasses only If absolutely beneficial. Satisfaction guarnteed.
THE DRUGSTORE,
Shawvllle.
We will
quence of not having comp within the time specified.
Déniai.—Mr. Robert Dagg desires us to say that the statement in last week’s Otter Lake notes relative to the mail courier was incorrect, and that he has proof thereof. He says he did not start from Otter Lake at the same time as Dew jardins, but that he met the latter die road while on his way to Otter
Mr. Fulford was bit on the left side of bis head just above the ear, and became unconscious at once. He was taken to a tamp about a mile distant and Dr. Kin-non, of Lewiston, wan called, but ho died without regaining consciousness.— The sad intelligence was at once wired to his parents, and on Monday at noon word was received that because of sick ness it would be impossible for them to come The remains were brought to Staudish on the 4.60 train on Monday afternoon, when they were met by hi* sister and many friends, among which were many prominent Orangemen of Arenac county, of whom he was an honored m m her in Canada. The remains were taken to the home of his sister at Maple Grove. The funeral was held Wednesday from the residence of Stewart Scobie at l 30 and from the Presbyterian Church at Omer at 2 o'clock. The pastor, Rev. Culyn, preached from the text found in Philipmns 47. .The pall bearers were James Cameron, Eugene Upton, Wm. Currie, H. Stock well, Win. McKenzie aud James Cameron. Beautiful floral offerings were sent by Mesdames Hicks, Basætt, Pouiery and other». The interment was in the beautiful Green wood Cemetery on the banks of the Rifle
About noon on Saturday la* Mr.. Stow-	wa* » general favorite with
art Scobie, of Manie Grove, received ^ acquaintances. Brides lus many word that her brother James Fulford, fr|eoc|H an(j loving sister in Michigan, he had been seriously hurt by a falhiig	a father and mother, two brother^
limb while working m the lumber woods	three sister;*. -Com.	_______
near Lewiston. About lOo clock the same night a telegram was received bringing the sad intelligence of his death at 7
o'clock on Saturday evening. Mr. Fui	WÊÊÊÊIÊÊÊÊÊÊM I I
ford was nearly 23 years of age and was The meeting called for Thursday even-not married. He was born near Bris mg lust to discu s the project of forming tol, Quebec, and raised on a farm, where a literary society in town, resulted in * he worked until about two years ago realization ot that object, so far as form-He came to visit his sister, Mrs. Scobie, ing the basis of such an organization is at Maple Grove, and waa no well pleased concerned, and all that now remains to with the country that he bought a place make the move a success is the appro-aod decided to make Arenac his future val and oo operation of our citizens in home. For a year and a half he worked general, which wc trust willjnot be lacking in and around Omor, where he became As pointed out in Principal Amiitage s well and favorably known. Last fall he communication last week,the great ad-decided to go to "Lewiston to work for vantage of securing the use of a choice George Vincent, who is foreman in one of selection of books is afforded to small Nealing Â Bigelow’s camps, seven miles towns, schools and literary clubs, by a from Lewiston. While sawing down a special arrangement made with the large hemlock tree, a timber about six Library of M dill University, and tlu rack* in diameter and sixteen feet m idea of forming a dub pr association < length, which had lodged in the branches some kin<% in connection with a move to fell a distance of about thirty feet, etiik- avail ourselves of that offer, wan regmi isg both Mr. Fulford and his partner ed as a move in the right direction,
House Cleaning.
on t
Lake and met him again on rfeturnuig
May Be Last Offer.—The Crown Lands Agent, Mr. William Clarke, strongly advises all settlers on government lands to take advantage of the offer of the department to give a reduction of 65 tier cent, on the arrears of interest - jd back rent due by settlers who pay the same also the balance duo on the urchase of their lots before the 26th of The offer may be the last which the department will make.
PERSONAL
Mrs. C. J. Horine, of Chicago, is vihiting her brother the Rov. A. Ireland.
A few things you may require that we have \
Mr. Willie Sayer and family removed from here to Aylmer last week.
Dr. Martin is in the village this week, office at t
an
$
quiring his services will find his the Pontiac House
une
furniture Polish, Bed-bug Poison, Polishing Paste, Insect Powder, Household Ammonia, Benzine,
FOUND,—Some time last fall, by Malcolm Drummond of Weiratcad, Bristol, two shirUs. Owner can have them by calling on finder and paying 25 cents for this notice.
Masons Entertained.—At the conclusion of the business of Pontiac Ledge A. F. & AM, on Friday night last the brethren adjourned to the Pontiac House there to jiartake of the hospitality of the Worshipful, the Master of the Lodge, Bro. F. A Parker. A select menu was
tees of the hotel, and
My Graven Enlargements surpass t hing in the country, both in price artistic superiority. Don't bo misled by outaidc dealers when you have a local man who purpose* dealing honestly with you.
H. I miron, Photographer.
any
and
him
the 1
i hour Was rather late for the creature wants of the
prepared by although the convenience, two score members who sat around the festal board wore attended to in a most attentive and satisfactory manner. After ample justice had been done to the good things of which there was an aoundance, there followed for a comparatively brief yet very pleasant interval, the custom ary li feast of reason and flow of soul’ with which	such	functions are
invariably rounded off, and in which majority of	those present
took a hand, so to speak. The late ness of the hour made brevity a charl ac teristic feature of the several speeches made in response to a hurriedly prepared list of toasts, which a few of the cunning heads sprung upon their unsuHj>ecti brethren. The proceedings passed off a thoroughly enjoyable manner, and it is to be hoped the good results flowing from Bro. Parker's example will be an incentive to others to emulate it.
The brethren present were : H. W. Bros. A. Lyon and J. H Shaw ; W F. A. Phrker, A Hodgins, J A. «Smith, T. W. Wilson; Bros. V. F. Hcnkin*, R. L Whitman, A. Smiley, Oeo Conley, J. A. Mc Adam. W. Clauaon, A. Smith, J A. Cowan, W. N. Vaughan, W. Campbell and M Campbell.
vHEi
James H. Fulford Dead
The Rev. Mr, Fowlkes, of Litchfield, has been appointed incumbent of the Parish of Onslow.
Tho freight- office of the C P R at Winnipeg was burnt on h riday evening. Lose, about $15,000.
?Sunday March 30th being Easter day a special Children's service will be he!d in the English church at 3 p. m.
It is stated that there is between three and four million of dollars on depoist in the banks of Perth, Ont. We don't suppose there is another town its aie in Canada can make such a boast.	§
Mr. Geo. James, of James & Reid, hardware merchants, Perth, lias invented and has patents pending for a unique design of children's sleighs. The special features of the new sleigh are the run nors, which have two ribs along their full length, thus preventing the from ou t tiog vhrough snow in soft weather providing a good wide bearing, whereas when the weather is hard tho sleigh will run on the ribs, making it much
Literary Society Formed
tho
At very low prices.
THE DRUG STORE.
Og
P. 8.—Garden Seeds.
mu ne


###PAGE###2###

LAND Of THE PHARAOHS.
not the Khedive, who, loft to himself, couldn’t hold the reins of power six months, but Lord Cromer and the Sirdar.
They are the lords of Lower and Upper Egypt, wearing the double
dive no,Sthe SuHan ^biU'of Kmc I Some	Why Great Britain 1«ccept or refuse, and we did not. I Some Interesting Matters of Moot England.	Has Declined $360,000,000 We could have done with the Philip- ment and Mirth Gathered Kruit growers are adopting the
As one sails through the Canal I	a Year*	I vor*v wcl1» for tliey would haVe	From His Doings.	idea of covering their crop» with
a###»
the face of the earth, ami largely in hered the greatest ‘service t<» Egypt I rum i mully for the inclusion ness-liko treatment, would have June 80th. 1902 is $100,000.000. The Four-Houre-SUx* Focioty is
jszssrssss.ri
the Canal Company, and were living ,f / time we sljould let the* world A polito reply went back from the stretching so far inland that nobody more than the United States navy. K"o that more than four hours sleep by their wits and their knives Peo- , know thftt wo do not intcnd to retiro	Co vein ment, that it was very n;»He knows how far it docs go. sir Thomas Lipton, through an ""necessary, and they pledge them-
r sr —* j	p% F ™1a-
=fpEir sishes	ipHs—
|*|	ISilBEïf	fSSiS
all Furore»n in dt-Mccnt P«nd 'sent ^hen a month old tho • Japanese ls jU8t afl wo11, ^hen one comes for tho busy days which will como ragua canal will cost three hundred feat has been accomplished by the them for n trin tn L»« in an >id ««il chi,d gcts its first namo* with great L11 Û.nC0»h° ttCCOunta» that w° left when spring business opens. Much of million dollars, possibly one billion doctor who advances the theory.
m#
first that touches the ground is tho plied to the British Government to Roods and educate them along the Thirty-live years ago it took six " come» from	J l ™
one which the child receives. When take his empire as a suzerainty—a la 'Anes which they will be called upon day» to go by stage from Atchison .	® rp,V„ii
three years old the child is again Trunsvaal- leaving the revenues in to sell to customers In transmit- to Denver. It now takes li,leen I	rh^n HuL« ™wT*1
christened, accompanied by elaborate Turkey s hands.	ting this information to the clerk re- hours by rail The difference in fare1:	ff^ i no police are to he dereligious rites. At the age of fifteen A prompt refusal followed this, member what your arguments were «¦ 8175 and $15.	bulbs	on differ cnt mots « m2r ,ml-
his education is supposed to be tin- and it was thought a little compli- H!ld later on you will he able to put Tho only member of the President’s ! forms .Uid at the end nt the tvitnn. ished, and as he then enters tho man- mont ary that Turkey should think ‘hem into your advertisements in a Cabinet not a native of the United ! T|,n |lof)hv messes „ button nmi hood state he Is again christened us foolish enough to agree to such manner which will make your space : States is the Secretary of Agricul- ! |j,.hi. himself on When lie takes to business he receives an agreement, or to have anything a great, deal more profitable and give turc, Mr. James Wilson, who was .	.	" ,
his business name and upon every up- to do with the "shifty country you plenty of satisfaction as a divi- born In Ayrshire, Scotland.	I . „ n0. ‘lov1co for use with tele-
LElILpISl Plü|iSii!EEE|S#
as " £ez„H ss	xrsssusrr: sut
s-js Jb”	««&*« ss. sasEmFlr;s"r:s'" s"'”°
cataract, or thereabouts, and the un- along the line of a large railway 1,000.000 square milcs-and 22,000,-	U	1 11 chest as hc wouId
rest of his power was felt through- brought suits against it, and engag- 000 people—mostly idlers. There is out Lower Egypt.	ed a young lawyer named Brown. not much doubt, either, that Turkey
The police suggest the army, and The judge who was presiding was would have found a way to slip out the visitor is bound to be delighted compelled to throw many of the after being with the Egyptian force. For twen- cases out of court because they were ty reasons.	improperly brought, at which the
Because the men are of excellent lawyer became angry.	and we couldn't take her NNL
physique, because they are devoted Swelling with indignation, he arose let her have a man who put her fi-to their drill—drilling one another in and said :	nances straight.
groups during their off time—because, "Your honor, will you please tell Britain really did consider the of-although conscripts, they are a hear- me h°w it is possible in this court for that Nicaragua made, and if we ty and cheery set of fellows: because to get justice against a railway com- had accepted, the situation would be they are patient and docile: because Piin.v	immensely important just now, be-
thc English officers are as smart a 111C JU(lgc quietly ignored tho con-j cause of the canal which is to be
set of men as one could wish—I had tempt of court shown by the law- cut to join tho two oceans at the i	- *	i frce rural delivery service in tho next
Egyptian officers-and because they ^ yet^want an answer to that would ha\7meant, apart from the SHE MIGHT TRY IT LOWER. the&current year was^ToToÔo! ^ I iuaug^t^^t^auihoritiwl^
ekkmhBmèhSbi
5fsrr<,l5=£	h a ,r.:00.™: L,. irHBECHH @3™	BEE-kEH*™
s=™H5E=55E:S=
ho was afraid father wouldn't like prosperous one that made a big of-!	<»t qav miKS „nil|Hnu	.	$~fi. k,. Hie per capita debt of the | A Viennese surgeon has invented a
1	_ u« & 2. sz	^ zrzLr:	s z I %	% 52», tzxsz
remain and eeetoS almost, a pity wo did not take '	-^  	44 cen*8
it her at her word, for she would have been a fine appendage of India;
THEY WANT TO BE BRITISH
AN HOUR WITH UNCLE SAM
SHE WAS NO MOUE
able to refuse, in effect, than the rebels to offer.
But ns Alcedes, anyway, was not a recognized president, we could not take any notice of the offer, either
NEW AND STRANGE
IAM SIACLAREN’S IMPRESSIONS OF EGYPT.
HOW THE PUSY YANKEE SPENDS THE DAY.
NATIONS WHO WOULD LIVE UNDER UNION JACK.
Persons and Property Are as Safe There To-day as in England
Itself.
Wk
r
>
l
ENGLISH COUNTY TOWN
In Cairo a European may go anywhere he pleases—unless he makes a fool of himself in a mosque at some sacred season—without tho slightest fear for his life or his property.
Tho police arc everywhere throughout the city—tall, well set up. intelligent, and attentive, and they now regulate the traffic with a pardonable imitation of a London policeman. though not yet with the same majestic authority^gj think, all passed through the army, and many of them have the medals uf tho Soudan campaigns.
Twelve years ago we were guarded by soldiers on various Nile expeditions far below the first cataract but. to-dav
They have, 1
new name
concl cataract, and even as far as Khartoum, which is now within a comparatively easy railway journey of Cairo ever, the Mahdi
Snapshots can now be taken with X-ra.vs, so that you can have a photo of your internal economy in a second or two, instead of having to
m .	evacuation of New York by the |uuil an hour. This now discovery is
Mt iko attitudes calculated to show Tammanyitvs, says an American ! to be utilized for the popular amuso-tbe gcin to the best advantage ns he | newspaper, is the most notable event | meut, and in a short time you will might, everyone ignored the palpable. 0f the kind since the evacuation of bo able to put a penny in the slot fact that he had a new shirt-stud, that city by the British over a hun- I *nd »cc right among the bones of Ilia heart was broken. What Was I drod years ago
propriation of $6,000,000 for tho n 11 «entre is a gas chamber, having an outlet to feed the lamp.
*
your hand
SET ON HER LEGS
But wo
HAS HIS MISGIVINGS
ions of the “Gyp" army, there can be only one opinion—that such demens for fighting could hardly be matched from the rising of the sun to the going down thereof. To say that they have no fear and have no concern for themselves is to trifle with the case; the lust of blood is in them, and their chief joy of life is war. Let them have their wives with them, for without their wives they will go nowhere, give them someth ng in the shape of arms, and brave men to lead them, and there is no enemy living a Soudanese battalion would not. face, no situation they would not storm, and no cir- I eu ms tances in which they would ' turn tail.	I
But—and this is perfectly well j known in Egypt—they arc perilous stuff in time of peace, for if they start drinking they get beyond control, and if they arc kept too long | doing nothing they spoil for n fight, and one battalion will attack another.
This was what happened not long ago, and it was "a regrettable incident," and very soon the number of a battalion will be missing on the "Gyp" army list.
Shrewd officers consider that the English army of occupation has reached its minimum, and to reduce it further would be dangerous When one saw the Seaforths in Cairo—a very tidy set of lad
guarantee of Egyptian
After a square wanted the boy to smoke a cigarette, and rest till got cooler.
"No," said the boy, wouldn't like it Finally he was persuaded to main, and soon he insisted that ho must go back and get his hay The farmer accompanied him, and when they got to the load tho boy insisted on going right to work, but the farmer wanted him to rest under a tree.
tile human anatomy which is over the break he injecta some luqucfled vaseline mixed with paraffin
Under the akin
< harles Leopold Manning, who came to the United States from Eng-
wherons now she has given Russia I Economy in advertising consists in land about fifteen years ago and
the chance, and Russia has. for all doinK the best advertising, paying ! squandered a fortune, died in obscur- t u‘ tcl,iptiraturo *'1C ,0( v’ *° practical purposes, got control over thc	price for it and getting tin ity in .Jamaica, L. I., recently. Man- 'ar?,aFc is tftken t,lc timc «"ring
her. Persia’s trouble at the time !	returns from the investment, j ning said he was a scion of a noble | 1IC 1 ^ f0. shftfie the hardening
and she was (*ie advertising is well done it family, and was known as "Lord" mn8s and ff'vo tho hitherto deformed
will bo entirely satisfactory as a Manning	member quite a nice appearance. Tho
way, and we politely refused Per-	I	was	paid out
sia’s offer, and did what we could for	—.... —+-- M° Poetical clubs, canvassers and
her from outside. Persia would	j a< wearers, and in direct, gifts to
have been a nieo little asset to the I ^ *10 Prisoner had been convicted 0f x",(>rs of turkeys, wash-boilers, etc.
Empire for she has nearly 700,OUO j forgery, and the judge sentenced him* 1 c wns defeated, square miles of good land, and her 4° dve years’ penal servitude, adding revenue of $7,500,000 we should "And you may consider vourseH Foon have doubled or trebled. And vefy lucky that you didn’t commit her $25,000,000 of imports would M*1*9 crime thirty-five years ago, for
. ,,TT ...	.	..	,have been ours, to say nothing of I ^ that case you would have been
«	,	na.f.U] Hereditary is an adjoc-1	Russia away from the west j hanged next Tuesday." The judgu
gtiSteïf: lISM Lsi^lIS&i
to hi# mind	that It W»	a	mngulur	| you must kopp vour dog fn>m bnrk- erinu, war. for Alcade». then the	every word I didn't know and
ernment came	to an end.	that	Eng-	, wanted to 8ny thet if yot| don’t trouble was that it was not his to	Little Johnnio-"Well, dad, I have
an ins	keep your baby from crying I shall giw, ns Spain nominally owned it;	on this P*ece of paper 103 words
have to enter a complaint. It wor-1 only, as Spain had no hold on the	marked down ' Father—"Johnnie.
¦ I	¦ I country,	|go upstairs to bed this moment."
REAL ECONOMY
This mixture solidifies at
father
9 9
re-
was Jack of railways, willing to make
up
HERSELF OVER TO BRITAIN
provided we would tret her, <m l*|
her. pro- chant
r
run
"No.”
said the boy,
father
wouldn’t like it.”
This exasperated the farmer, and he wanted to know what in the name of goodness there was between the boy’s father and himself that could make his father dislike everything proposed.
Why,” said the boy, "father's here under the hav.”
man
TO THE END,
Persistence is a great thing in nd-
Fighting the campaign
vert is mg
to the end, making success in spite of all obstacles, planning largo gales with an assurance of values in stock and conveying the impression of a desire to supply the wants or the people at the ri^ht time in the right way, this is what is necessary to-day tomorrow and every day. This is what makes business certain this week, next week, all through the spring and all through ^tho year. Keeping at it makes greater success possible. Keeping at it insures the attention of the buying public.
€ I
SWEET CHARITY
The caller explained his mission. "It's a worthy cause," he said.
"It is, indeed," admitted the up-
You may
# i
from ‘a few friends/ without names whatever."
"No one will know who gives ?" asked the merchant.	”38
"No one," answered the caller.
No list published ?"
None."
“Cross off tho name of our firm."
any
nsk
- t—
Advertising gives life to business and keeps dull days from the store when the non-advertiser Is wondering what to find for his Mtf to keep them busy.
# 4
ABSOLUTE control
and tha* tim real ruler of Egypt is | ries my dog awfully."
i #




V




###PAGE###3###
*
t,
LiHle, I have been looking for you.	accoutrements shot through. One
The Princes# Dorietl wishes for	an	officer, over six feet high and very	#
Introduction. Prepare yourself to	be	broad, had four bullets through him	i	CAD	EADULDC	*
all that is fascinating/'	uniform without being even scratch-	4	fyK	1/jL I\ iTl E A. *3	*	FARM NOTES.
WÆÊBI ' er.-^ ss==5s
happiness that Bh* UtUevi^	^ ARE THESE THE CRUEL ONES ? soil that was stirred by the plow. If mttn(ft a larger premium than in tho
muni
darkening	sky	;	the	moonbeams gave	sacrifice or personal discomfort.	S|''mk'	,	.	. . ., ,	xv<'11,curxCf,e	IhPre bcitfr <gw
n silver	radiance to	water	and trees;	Many instances are given, one where	Some	fear	that	deep planting	II	. production in	summer than in winter
tho flowers were sleeping; only the bluejackets rescued an ox sunk in tho nuik<‘ th*' 1 ?\\lt:1n® mor.e V Cl*. ; j because nature provides all the nn
roses seemed to lie awoke and greet- muddy river bank and dying from lf .c°up °d	th« deep pJan mg i‘‘ , quimites.
like ! exhaustion, unable to move. It was cultivation of the crop is continued. Every man who sends a package
scorching hot, but they got it out iate in tho 8eaaon- the mellowness of „f fruit, butter, chickens, eggs, of and dragged it to the shade of a	tlie soil	and	tho	freedom from	late	other produce	away from his farm
tree and brought it water from tho	8,lirunPr	weeds compensate for	the	sends a part	of his character with
river in their liais.	tubers lying a little deeper in the it. His conscience is found at the
And it is the men like these/' 8oi1'	.	i bottom of the package, and ie mean-
says the reviewer, "who arc accused Again, some claim that if they do j Urcd by tho meanest and smallest of atrocities to delicate women and not hill up tho plants many full- ! specimens. His heart is found at children and of indifference to the <>rs wil1 bo damaged by exposure to j the top in tho little heap above the sufferings of a brave but wounded sun, If. however, tin* land has j true measure. Strange to say, the foe. I nm sorry to wound the ten- be°n deeply and thoroughly prepar- 1 more you give away these chunks ol der susceptibilities of hysterical pro- 0(1 an(1 tho planting is sufficiently heart and conscience tho more you Boers, but how can they in the face deep so that thtre is plenty of room have left! -
of their own knowledge of their own in tho mellow soil for the tubers to it is claimed by an authority that countrymen believe all the rubbish to develop beneath the surface there will from three-quarters to a pound a which they bo gleefully give tongue?" bc f‘*w “«unburns;" but if the fitting day is enough for a bacon hog to Many curious incidents are of ûnd planting are shallow, hilling is gain from birth to maturity. Don't course recorded in this book—little	necessary to protect the tubers.	try to force them beyond that. Hogs
flashlight pictures, as it were of ac-	Now a word about experiments	in	managed in this way, he	claims,
tual warfare.	general. It seems wise to distinguish reach the right weight at six or so-
Tho Boers were still keeping up a	between a "trial" and an	"expori-	1 ven	months old and not only sell at
heavy fire from the rear of their	ment." A farmer is convinced that	the	highest price but bring the most
position, and tho writer was order- is well to spray potatoes with ; profit to the producer. When forced ing a man to take shelter and reply bordeaux mixture. lie takes the no- , beyond this rate of gain the proto their fire, when he heard a bullet ecssary steps to that end and sprays ducer does not realize to the full ex* strike very close. The man seemed	bis crop. He makes a trial	of	tent the profit on the feed	that ht
not to realize the order, and appear-	spraying. He may "think' that the	should.
cd dazed. In a few seconds he came	spraying was a benefit.	Another	Better horses and cows will sur»
up and said, 'Beg pardon, sir ; I	farmer sprays a part of a	field and	jy	insure better barns and sur»
didn’t understand, and I feel all over leaves another part unsprayed for j roundings. Larger yields and in-numb/ He was asked if ho had been comparison. He harvests a mcasur- creased prices will arouse ambitioi hit, but did not think so, though on ed area from each portion of the field for sunnier homes, and quicker music examining him it was found he had and measures or weighs the product. ( in farm work will lead to largoi been shot clean through the body— He "knows" whether the spraying j crops and a bigger bank account evidently hit while the order was increased the crop and if he kept Starting from the lower the leave: being given."	account of time and material con- 0f pride will work itself through the
sumed, ho "knows" whether it was a mass until the whole is leavened and profitable operation. We arc thor- : the boys find that behind the home oughly convinced that farmers need j team there is mo# pleasure than oh more of the facts and discipline that j any hissing automobile ever invent» can be obtained from "experiments." j ed. The reflex influence of seemingly This bulletin is intended to impress little things is the potential powei upon farmers the importance of thor- j controlling the majority of lives, otigh tillage of the soil. It is important right here to call attention to the fact that intensive tillage results in a rapid consumption of organic matter and if steps arc not taken te restore this to the soil its physical condition will decline and production will fall off. Every opportunity should be embraced to grow lod or cover crops to turn un* der to help maintain a supply of organic matter in the soil, and dressings of stable manure are probably as valuable on account of the organic matter added to the soil as for the nitrogen, phosphoric acid and potash they supply.
waste that the fowls can utilhw, an< this helps to give profit.
@*#*@*#*#*#*#*@»#»e*0*o*e*e*#*e#@##*e#e*#»#*#
6 «
I The Fatal Dower
i
*
o

11

OK

*
0
THE DESTRUCTION OF A PROUD SPIRIT.



SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS.—Margaret Howard, on the eve of departure to join her se-iicUf/ married
child with Susan Rivers and is Whcn Kita entered tho room where drowned at sea. Susan rears the ^ord Lisle and Philip Awaited her, hiUl, Daisy, as her own, and dies.
Her daughter, Margaret, alone knows Daisy's secret. Lord Lisle seeks his child, and Margaret, taking Daisy’s birthright, announces herself daughter. She falls in love with his nephew, Philip.
inonds glistened in thé coils of black hair that crowned tho queenly head, and a beautiful blush-roeo nestled against her bosom.
There is compcti-
is firsts
they both started with admiration.
Lord Lisle kissed tUc beautiful face with proud, tender ^Section. Philip said gayly,	tlis» Lisle, our
little countess Wnl be eclipsed this evening. Old England will show her supremacy, I place myself in rank» of the rod rose "
Rita wus. charmed by the fairylike scene. The soft, sweet music seemed to thrill the air ; rare perfumes came from tho rose-flowers ; tho little fountains rippled musically.
There are pleasant scenes in tho world,” she said, turning to Philip.
"There are two sides to life. This is the bright one ; tho othe •’The other you shall never see," he interrupted. "Ah ! ma belle cousine, moralizing in a ball-room—how thoroughly English !"
"Thoughts fly swiftly," she plied ; "tho ripple of that water took me hack for one moment to Queen's Lynne. 1 was on tho seashore.''
* Target that miserable time." said Philip, warmly. "We all try	our	pride, and	love of admiration	to be
best to make you forget it, Rita	; do	the master-passions of her life. This
wo not ?"	love was even stronger. She would
Ho had never called her llitft	be-	rather—ah	! ten thousand	times
fore, and n warm flush covered	her	rather—lie	poor with Philip	than
fate. The rose on her - bosom share tho throne of a king trembled with the quick beating of "1 love her heart.
Before she hud time to reply the
i
»
his
Ml
the
air
CHAPTER XII
Lord Lisle continually thought of that scene—those passionate tears— that bitter cry. lie knew that his proud, beautiful daughter loved her cousin with all the force of her heart —with all the strength of her nature.
Ho was grieved, for ho saw nothing like love on Philip’s part. No one could bo more chivalrous, gay, and kind than Lord Lisle's heir, but there was no love either in his looks or words.
Ho watched his d..tighter, but she never betrayed her secret. At times, when Philip spoke to her suddenly, he saw her face flush anti her dark, lustrous eyes grow brighter. But pride and hauteur wrapped her round like a garment, lie could have believed tho scene he witnessed from the balcony a dream.
He saw, too, although Rita guarded her secret as site guarded her life, there were times when she was jealous of every one else to whom Philip spoko. The pretty, fair-haired Counters Guardi was then considered the belle of Naples. Pair and coquettish, with bright eyes, charming smiles, countess joined them
‘1 am so glad you have come !”
4 4
ing her with perfume. Far off, the sweet, faint echo of a dream, she heard the rise and fall of the music. She was alone—alone with the I wanly of the summer night and her own
love.	»
‘ lie is beginning to love me,” she
thought.
Ho had called lingered by her for the flower. Ho would love her in
held no pleasure, save }n his ambition,
9 9
4 4
her Rita, ho had side, he had asked
time ; and earth no happiness love. She
, for her had believed
him !" she murmured, "who never knew what love meant— who nevci cared for it ! I love him, and ho must love mo in return !"
Nothing like pity* crossed her mind for the man who had cared so much for her—who had loft her believing that she would bo true to him and wait for him.
When the thought of Ralph Ashton came it was with a ing and contempt—A could ever have endured the sound of his voice or the touch of his
i •
and winning words. She was
popular and more admired than any she said, in her pretty, broken Kng-
Mv rooms seemed dark with-
more
other woman in Naples
She liked Philip, and immediately out you !" upon her introduction began a little She spoke to Rita and looked at flirtation with him. She gave him Philip. lie, perfectly accustomed to her brightest smiles and gayest tho lady's arrangements of look and words, much lo tho amusement of speech, was much amused, her indulgent husband, who looked In a few minutes Miss Lisle was with something liko commiseration the center of a group of admirers, on his wife's favorite.	Then she showed to advantage ;
ft was all innocent nonsense, and bright, witty words, clever sayings, the count know it. His pretty, pet- graceful actions and movements ted wife must have homage and ad- charmed her courtiers. Prince Dul-m I rail on,	garin prayed for the first waltz. She
Lord Lisle and his daughter re- had hoped Philip would care for ecived many invitations to the Villa that, bût he was still talking to Guardi, the beautiful and luxurious ! their fair hostess. Count d'Arni, home of the fair-haired countess. She one of the proudest men in Naples, was fond of charades—of operettas»— sued humbly for the second, of tablcux. Miss Lisle charmed her ; It seemed like a dream. She wins that dark, magnificent beauty was strongly haunted that night by the the very foil she needed for her own. recollection of Queen’s Lynne. In She was never weary in arranging every pause of tho soft, sweet music tableaux in which she could act she heard the ten beating in and with Mias Lisle.	breaking upon tho shore. She heard
All the gnyoty and fashion of Ralph ' Ashton crying out that ho Naples assembled at the villa ; loved her. It was like a dream that dances, soirees, evening parties, she should bo queen of that brilliant morning rides, excursions both on room ; that men of noble birth and sea and land, were constantly going high estate should sue so humbly for on ; the center and soul of all were one smile. \et it was all true, and ihe Countess Guardi and Miss Lisle, she had done all this for herself.
T o Neapolitans raved about her ; "It has prospered,” she thought to tlie fair face, with its delicate rose- herself, leaf bloom, the dark, lustrous eyes, say that evil and magnificent crown of black hair, has been my good.” had a great charm. "The beautiful j It was later on in the evening Mi.vs Lisle !” Gentlemen flirted with |when Philip sought Rita’s side tho pretty countess, but they admired Miss Lisle.
lish
Mise of loath-x^mder that she
hands.
Out among tho lilies and roses she dreamed of tho love she hoped to win—of the bright future. of the title, of the honors, the grandeur that awaited her. The solemn stars, tho sleeping flowers, the whispering night wind brought no bright or holy thoughts—they brought no remorse, * and she
that her evil deed had prospered, and would bear good fruit.
<To Be Continued.)
CINEMATOGRAPH IN WAR
Captain Leslie Wilson, D S O.,
R.M.L.I., relates an amusing incident which occurred tho day before the Naval Brigade entered Pretoria :
Our guns, especially the large ones, always offered a most tempting bait to every owner of a cinematograph or camera. But one bold photographer at least got more than he bargained for this day. He had arrived, early in the fight, with a cinematograph, and requested tho officer in charge of the marines' gun to let him know when he was going to lire, ns he wanted to take tho gun firing. The officer gave some orders and then turned round to the photographer. Meanwhile some Boer shells had come whizzing close over our heads, and all the officer saw wos the photographic machine standing disconsolate and the operator in full flight to the rear of the column !”
Tho Brigade were wheeling into
action one day when their guns came	Just	why	dairymen	do	not	make
under a heavy and accurate fire from	poultry raising pay	is	not	a problem
Long Tom as they got into the bard to solve. The reason is lack of open, and the foremost oné was knowledge relating to poultry rais-overturned by a bursting shell, three ing. Would any common sense Sensible sleeping gowns are 1 s: , n; of the bluejackets being wounded, dairyman start dairying with a 72- Dal the individual comfort and "Where are the gun’s crew ?” asked pound butter cow and permit her to health of growmg girls. 1 ho service-Captain Lambton, as ho came gal- hustle for her living around the hay-	Mother Hubbard style here i -
1 oping up	amid	the	smoke and	dust	stack? As to breeds, most people	lust rated has no specia y new ea-
shell	;	"have	they	deserted	have their fancy; but all breeds are	j turcs, but it has stood he test oi
not equally prolific. Of all the	several generations and is ns much
breeds some experienced poultry men	*n demand today as when lust t o*
prefer the white Wyandottcs. They sigmid
will produce ne many eggs as any	. clothe, cambric, nainsook,
other breed and more flesh than	muslin, flannelette and flannel are all
most of them. The barred Plymouth	appropriate and the square yoke
Rock is good for both of these ob-	that is nicely fitted by shoulder
jects but some think that the Wyan-	can be made single or double
dette is still better.	»• Preferred. The fronts and back
How can we make fowls hustle and	that meet in under-arm seams are
exercise? First, we must not feed	simply gathered at the top and
s&wsrvarrLS rssï raMjfys
get them out of their houses in win- tmmhes the turn over the collar, the
they do not know how to feed to the , >n! best advantage. Large fowls require plos,nff
HEHriEM sis
around waiting for more, clover is good and should I day, and chopped vegetables will not take its place farm
i 4
no pity, no compunction ; smiled brightly, thinking

s«er 26..
t-
!
I
f
X

Is ##* direct te tiw iiwesed a*, ftrtl By tho !oyiwd Mlowor.
Rw&l* tàe Ulçora, clwi* lbs air Ur Fusifts, sfepe dtf+iimp i, ,fct r ihrost a p rmâiiAaily cure* ' Catarrh end Hay Paver Blower free. All dealers, or br. A. W C*sa« Medicine Ce., Teroete end Buftlo.
1
!.
!
If
!

'after all. It is not true to never	succeeds—evil
SAILORS’PARTIN THE WAR
POULTRY FOR PROFIT
"Can you find time for one dance with me ?" ho asked, gently. "You Lord Lisle was delighted with his ! are surrounded by so many courtiers daughter's success. Mingling with I have little chance I fear." this, the best and highest society in I Ho was somewhat startled by the Naples, her manners became formed,	expression of her eyes as she	raised
her natural taste for all that was	them to his face ; for once her	secret
elegant became -«developed. He saw 1 showed there—passion and tender-	|	MX
the time had come when he might ness lingered in their dark depths. Of the many books of the war it is safely present his daughter, and the I In her	heart she’was wondering that	the work of	the "redcoat" and not
most fastidious could find no fault ! ho did	not know	how utterly in-	that of the	"bluejacket" that has
with her.	different sho was to every one but been given. Now the sailors’ work
Rita might have had lovers in himself.	in the land battles of South Africa
abundance—Italian counts, French	| Her only reply was rising	and	has been penned	by naval officers
gentlemen, and Austrian nobles	placing her hand on his arm.	Rita	who figured in the	scenes they gra-
w ou Id fain have wooed and won the	was a good dancer—graceful	and	phically describe,	the story of thg
beautiful daughter of the rich Eng-	easy, every movement full of	har-	Naval Brigade,	which Raymond
lish nobleman ; but she smiled upon mony and the very poetry of mo- Blathwayt in the London Daily Mail none. She accepted their homage in tion.	calls "a stirring story of storm and
a queenly, graceful way that was in- ! Tho music sounded sweetly and stress." Hero is an extract. Imagine finitely ' charming and full of ! softly.	Sho never	forgot the happi-	a party of	officers sitting round a
piquancy. None of them had power j ness of	that time.	Philip’s face smil-	camp fire discussing the chances of
to move her. Lord Lisle laughed at ling down into hers ; Philip's arm. a fight, and out of the darkness her numerous conquests ; Philip ral- j with its â strong, light clasp around steps the "fairy" they had invoked— lied her ; Mrs. Marche was proud of her ; Philip’s voice whispering kind a dust-covered A. D C. with this her pupil ; but Rita cared little. Her words—it was one half hour of per- order for the commanding officer—
was gratified ; men hung i feet happiness. Sho saw admiring "Tho enemy, about 400 strong, hold upon her words ; they would have eyes follow her ; sho heard murmurs a hill on our lino of advance two risked much for her smiles ; she of admiration from those who watch- miles to the north. The Naval Bri-could	rule brave	and	noble	hearts,	ed her; but	she was	indifferent to all gado will lead the attack, supported	| The electric robe Is the newest
touch	them with	a look,	move	them	laud everything save	Philip. by the K.O.Y.L.I. and a field bat-	thing in baths, though it Is not a
at her word. She was courted, nd- Tho last notes of the waltz died tery.	bath so far as the ordinary meaning
mired, and flattered ; homage and away, and Philip, turning to her. Then followed precise instructions of the word goes. It consists of a adulation followed her ; but tho time ; said :	as to movements and dispositions. thick robe entwined with wires which
came when Rita would have yielded "You must bo tired—" He stopped At last the navy was to have a conduct a current of electricity. The
jjtÊ	WÊÈ show" all to herself ; the news garment is donned and the current
bright face.	Ho saw	the light In her | seemed almost too good to be true,	is switched on. When this is done a
he saw the blush-rose in | and it was some short time before	warmth is produced which has all
to we could believe it, and realize our	the effects of a Turkish bath
WORK OF THE BLUEJACKETS IN SOUTH AFRICA.
MISSES’ NIGHT GOWN 10 to 16 Years.
Stories of Their Courage While Fighting Side by Side With
the Soldiers.
of the their gun ?"
I am afraid they are all badly wounded, sir," said the gunner.
"Good," was the answer ; "that is better than running away from their guns."
As I have said the book make» no pretentions to literary style, and yet it is a model of modesty and conciseness which some of our so-called "strong" modern realists would do well to imitate.
It is the story told by men who have done, as opposed to the story told by men who have only read.
ambition
A DRESS THAT GIVES SHOCKS
tho foot, and above this the is made with buttons and
wide or 41 yards 36 inches
"You must bo tired—" He stopped
this sovereignty of youth and beauty abruptly as his glance fall upon her
for one smile from Philip.
The Countess Guardi sent out in- dark eyes
_____	to	bosom	fragrance came
’a faint imitation of fairy- him like a faint sweet Whisper. Her luck.
was asked who had beauty had never struck Philip so The officers went to their com-
You should be panics and told them there would 1 "but I see no work for them next day, though the
actual arrangements were kept so-"And I feel none," sho replied, cret. A thrill of excitement ran
'	through the Brigade. "By Jove,
Sho carried in her hand a bouquet what sport !" said a midshipman, amid I of white roses and lilies. Philip bent "What luck !" said an officer of the
"Give me one of those flowers.
« 4
Chopped fed each
il:
vltations for a ball she said, ‘ land.*" No one
not some special claim to public forcibly before, favor—pretty girls, eligible men, but | tired," ho resumed,
'bores.” The number of guests trace-of fatigue." invited was small. The rooms were And 1 feel splendidly decorated with flowers ; witi\ a smile, tho long conservatories were lighted |	~8 qgg I
the green foliage and rich blossoms ; lover them.	|marines,
prettv fountains rippled musically "Give me one of those flowers, "Is it really true, sir ? asked a out in the pleasure-grounds, that ran belle cousine,” he said, "in memory company sergeant, radiant with the down to the shore ; the lights shone of a dance 1 shall never forget.” anticipation of an infantry job ; amid the trees Every one talked of He meant nothing more than	a everyone felt a sense of subdued joy
the recherche entertainment given by pretty, flattering compliment, but and satisfaction that something was tho fair countess .	the words thrilled the girl's heart,	going	to	happen	to-morrow.
Lord Lisle wished his daughter to	She took a delicate rosebud,	half |	MANY	KILLED	OR	WOUNDED,
look her best on this evening ; he shrouded in green leaves, from her thought it impossible that Philip fragrant bouquet, could help loving her. He wished his "You will leave it somewhere to
^a^fTuS-tbe'Îueén1 of "the ^W'lepUed "philip gallantly
tr-ï'is K1' '»
soif. Sh. spared no pains	over her	up. Rita saw the countess by	her
toilet, and the result was	perfection	side. The pretty coquette was	look-
Urs Marche, whose taste was far ing her best that evening. Her rich
J.r ............4®	SsriiToSS
EHHrBB | BE
$ 4
Only four Popes have reigned longer then Leo XIII., and only three have lived to a greater age.
On the average there is much that goes to
Success depends on keeping at it until the victory is won.
IK
Legs So Swelled tie Couldn’t Walk
no
Kidney and Urinary Troubles were Followed by Dropsy—A
Perfect Cure by Dr Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills.
James Troneman. the well-known butcher, of 536 Adelaide street, London. Ont., is ineffective in the most severe and complicated diseases of
This case of Mr other proof that Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills are
the kidneys ——
And poor fellows, something did happen.
The officers lost heavily, Commander Ethelston, Major Plumbe, R. M | L. I., Captain Senior, R.M.L.L, and
Huddart being shot dead ; Captain Prothero, R.N., and Lieut. J ones, R.N., being severely wounded. Nearly all the petty officers were killed or wounded.
And this—let us be proud of ills a British bluejackets' idea of luck and sport 1 The writer of this gra phlc account states that the number of marvellous escapes was very great "There was scarcely an officer or man who had not had his clothes or
The double action which this fumous prescription has on both the kidneys and liver is in a large measure
When there are backache, frequent, difficult or painful urina-
responsible for its wonderful curative effects^	.. .. .
tion, dropsical swellings, biliousness, constipation or stomach derangements, you may depend upon it that
the kidneys are clogged and the liver sluggish.	„ ,	.
U ifl at such times that Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills prove themselves prompt to give re.ief and cer-
, , v,	______>• The evidence to prove this fact is simply overwhelming.
Mr James Treneman states:—"Two years ago I was laid up with kidney disease and urinary troubles H t’aides the pain and inconvenience caused by these troubles I became drops Hal, and my legs would swell up so that I could scarcely go around at all. Hearing of Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills I procured a box and continued the use of this valuable medicine until now I can say for a certainty that I am entirely « urod I took any medicine that did me so much good, and am firmly convinced that if it had not been for thw
medicine I would net bo wosking to-day."	.
As a family medicine of tested and known worth, Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills hav# Mft ¦	|
Broached. They act directly on the kidneys and liver, regulate tie bowels and	the perfect action nt
the digestive and Alluring systems. One pill a dose, 25 cents a éox. At all dealers, or mdmnnsoa. Bates m
Go., Toronto.
tain to effect a cure
the failv.








###PAGE###4###


I

Tariff of Tolls
THE EQUITY.
MA8SEY-H ARRIS
SMART & SMITH
S™
SUMMER
DRESS GOODS;
To ba coiloctcc during Season of
1902 by the Quinze Rapids lm-‘ provenant Company, Limited, j
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE
SIIAWVILLE, MARCH 27, 1902.
iff
‘-Vi" ;•

The man who made tliu outrageously ; extravagant statement that the (ï. B ; Canal would cost three hundred million* i of dollars was not John Laughrm, 1 M. V. 1\, but his brUher P. J. The licit named is to be congratulated.
For ose of Imraools
are now being placed in stock, including
Cashmeres,
Silks and Satins,
Sateens, Priqts, Duck Costumes,
Snwlogs 17 f
1 or thou hurv...
lied and XV
Spruce and Hemlock. n flatted, over 17 feet hth: u,' feet long, per thom*m board measure.........
Red and White Pine, Tumnr.iv, Spruce and Ifemlock. round or flatted
wards in length, per thousand feet board measure .........
Red and White Pine. Tamarac, Spnieo and Hemlock, nq tiare or wane/ board, per thousand cubic feet. ...................
lot
i
And
The IV|elotte Cream Separator
!
HUM
The Conservative party of North Renfrew will meet in convention it Pembroke vu Saturday of this week to select a can didate for the approach in g provincial elections. Mayor Peter White ( young Peter as hu is familiar y called ) is spoken of as likely candidate.
P
i ftmara
nd
net
Ginghams and Flaqqelettes.
It wtks given out laat Friday that Dr. Bryce, of the Ontario Board of Health, that quarantine stations are to be established, one near Ottawa and the other near Pembroke, to prevent lumbermen from returning from the lumber camps up the Ottawa, with amallpoi, and
In addition to the regular lines we are showing
A Line of Ladies’ Whitewear.
feet long and up
* *
enU
We invite the ladies to inspect these Goods before ordering from Toronto or Ottawa. We have the right goods at the right pricees.

crossing over into Ontario steps should be taken by the Provincial Hoard of this Province
% cents
NOTICE.
DISSOLUTION Of PARTNERSHIP.
The Melotte Separator has proved to be the
EASIEST
r.UN, easiest cleaned and most easily manacei) Cream Separator on the market. Prices to suit all, from the smallest farmer to the largest skimming station.
One of the last acts of the Ontario Legislature was to grant l,t>60 square
miles of pulp woodlands to the Montreal Notice hereby given Hiver Pulp and Paper Company, the shin lately subsisting lutwet-u (i. I piomters of which do not yet seem to bo ana E. A. Reid, of the village of I known. The grant was made without du Fort, Province of'Quebec
tender, being called for or .ny atop. be-	&
ing Ukeu to ensure that the province, m pn ,he 15th dnv o(	ltuti, by
the dues on the woxt cut, will get the mutual consent ;and that thoaid butines,s market value for its property. The state- will in future be carried on by the said
thorized to settle all debts due to and by
the companyeggeegle^eegeeeee
>
MACFARLANE BROS.
md Haley's
under the ,vs dls>olvvd
O
W9 give a trial of machines to intending purchasers.
SMART & SMITH.
1902
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT MILL !
ment was made in the Legislature that the favored grantees have arranged to sell the freely-given concession for #600,000, and that the purchasers aro retelling it for $800,000; and some recent transaction in timber lands in the same region make it possible to believe the statement is true And if it is true the thing is morally worse than others which have attracted attention in the province. Anything goes in Ontario politics.
CLARENDON
ROLLER MILLS HICH CLASS ^ND MEDIUM
( Signe 1 ) G. R. REID " B. A. REID
Portugv du Fort, Feby til, \'ML
DEER /\ND MOOSE.
FURNITURE.
All xvell dLposed p« lyon* arc expected and it is their duty to assist the Gam* Warden in protecting th «	.	_	, during the close season.
Daring the sossionof 1001, the Quebec Many are humanely doing so now, but
Legislature passed a bill stopping all more could do it and should out of kind-legal proceedings in connection with suits ne?s to those animals.
out of court, Without trial, a numbjr of than one person give names of all. petitions in which the movers claimed to It Is better but not necessary that you have been injured became of illegal acts should give your name, unless you wish to & ae on behalf of their opponent, during be |v.ld for voiir troub!.- All corronnon-
the general election. As aeon a, .he d,nw	'
purport of the measure was understood it	N. McCVAIG.
was everywhere condemned- It was, in	Porv. Game Keeper
fact, impossible to say a good word for it.	Bryson, Que
At the present session Mr. Leblanc* in- — ¦¦¦" -	1 1
troduced a bill to repe»l the obnoxious bullion, making a real balance cf trade enactment,and to put the etlected litigants agajnst Canada cf $70,000,000. Bivonri as regards the courts, back where they coin and bullion and pulpwo^d, alnut all were before they were legislated out cf 0f Canada's exports to the United S'atca their rights. The bill was rejected on a are UBder high tariff.
party division, Mr. Doui bon n ais of the [L a drtad cf the posai b ii;y of Can Lierais, alone voting tor justice. Uow ads taking tho very aeaiible stand of put ever the responsïbilry tor the passage cf ting up the tariff against tho countries the lint bill was divided, that for maic- which have a high tariff, which stirs some taining its res entirely on the Libersl of our neighbors. It is not by constant-majority in the House ot Assembly. That \y increasing our imports that we will majority has put Quebec on a leyei with build up our own industries and get new <j Ontario in the matter of degrading the onee. Let those who wish to sell manu principles ofjaw fer the help of political f^tured goods come to Canada to do (?arti/.ins. Montreal Gazette.	the manufacturing. The facilities here
; siv ;>• er e h and ? vi p, ortur.i es t f ah’p-p ng to foreign p >rt*, unexept oaol. We iuivtt the kindliest feelings for Portland
-,	, .	. k, .	,	.. . , and Hutton, but we Lave no dette to see
.SpeaAir.g for .he people of ,he 1 otted tbeui grow greater ia consequence of Sûtes the late Pres dent McKinley and : trade that should go through Canadian Reciprocity is to afford new market* ^ r The country cannot develop aa it f ;r our turplu, or agucuRural and manu- should while it is seeding away to its pictured products without loss^ to the ncxt door neighbor $75,000,000 in oish iMfu. » . -ret c. *	day e » every year. We are cot silly enough to
that he might otherwise procure.	suppose that our friends aie really ami-
.Speaking for C snul’sns Mr. R L. B>r- ; oua (0 bring about a stats of affairs —or den, leader of the t-jnservative party. wvu]d 6ren consent to an arrangement— m bis declaration of the policy ot that which would lessen the amount of cash jarty, referring to the uLeraarts as we send them, or would give us any con-
had tÜ to^ay :	siderable portion of the profit they now
, #eems to be hai.ed m tho ru- derive. It is in the interest of Canada, and ted State* as the heigh of economic and not of thc United States, that Canadians
politic wisdom	Possibly it would not should legislate for the future.-Mont-
hs oat of place for us in Canada to lake rea| g.a„
h line from that which has been placed before us by these gentlemen in the Lulled States, and to consider whether <>ur policy should not be to frame our to riff, thst there would not be the lose of a day's work for a single Canadian laborer."
Remember that we are adding to our reputation as manufacturers of High Gr.u k Flour.
You don’t Catch Us standing still ami trying to do business solely on a reputation already established. No, sir !
We want Milling and Seed Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large stocic of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Prices Right.
!< vr anil moose
Bedroom Suites Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.

»
JAMES WILSON.
o
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
THE FAVORITE
Fu!ly Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
:
HE SHAWVILLE
T
fRESH ARRIVALS
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND

AT
SASH and DOOR
WAINMAH’S.
IN
All Work for Canadians
FACTORY
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which wc have a variety in stock.
(Formerly McCredie & Ijodgiiw)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
AT THE—
Cash Store,
STARK’S
CORNERS.
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN. THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. ::	::
\ full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
G. E. WAINMAN, SHAWVILLE.
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin,
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
The Budget
Hon. Mr. Fielding, Minister of Finance deliveicd his annual budget speech on Tuesday last, announcing therein, somewhat contrary to general expectation, that there would be no changes in the tariff this year. Mr. Fielding admitted that the tariff stood in need of revision, Mr. Whitney, leader of the Conservative but such action was not deemed opportune opposition in the Legislature, has placed in view of the Coronation Conference in himself on record on the prohibition
issue in a manner that deserves respect the Empire, and the conference with the for his courage and hones'y, whether one New Zealand and Australian Governments agrees with his view or not.	in regard to better trade relations with
He states that he is opposed to proho- Canals, htrdoo, as practicable in Ontario.	Mr. Fielding announced a surplus of
This U plain and straight.	$5,048,333 for the past yen, and said he
There sc eased a prospect at one time anticipated one of $5,800,000 fur the cur-that hie only attitude would be that which rent yea*.
tie Indicated in a speech at a Toronto Tho revenue for the past year was $52, banquet, namely to stand aloof to watch 514.701, and the ordinary expenditure the Hoes government “ stew in its own $40,800,370; or nearly four milliunsgreat-j jice. " fie has reconsidered that courage- or than the year previous, ously. He says what he thinks.	The aggregate expenditure he pi iced at
It is more than the government leader $57,982,200; which w over $5,000,000 has yet done. He has framed a prohibi- greater than that of the previous year, lion referendum. So far, Mr. IVsi The total expenditure on capital ac-has not, we thnk, stated whether he counts was $11,110,000, and $3,000,000 thinks the people should vote yar.	was added to the na'ional debt.
Mr. Whitney shows the courage of hi» Next yesr, he estimated, the increase opinion. The olher side will be at a die- 0f the debt will be $6,000,000. advantage until its leader does the same. Authority will be asked of Parliament —Ottawa Journal, Liberal independent to float a loan of about $20,000,000 to
Met loans with the banks and maturing
P. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings. Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work don# as usual.
New Ontario
Toronto March 19.—The redistribution bill passed by the Ontario Legislature has creited an intereaaing political situation in New Ontario. The old riding of Exit Algoms, represented in the Legislature by C F. Farew.II, K.C , has been divided into three ridings, and the race has started for many ambitious gentlemen in that onrrget'c county who desire to hold a seat in Parliament.
The western portion of the old riding, now the ons'i uency of Sault Ste Mane, will be the scene of a bitter struggle between Andrew M icampbell, M L A , aid C N. Smith, of the Sault Express. The chances are Miscampbell will be elected. He is a strong campaigner, and local Conservatives who hold sanguine views on the retult of the coming election, j think he will be the next Commissioner of Crown Lauds for Ontario.
The Sault has always been a Conservative town, and the back country is Liberal, so that tho fight narrows down to a fight between the rural and lumbering portions of the riling and out of the
11.000	white people in the riding only
4.000	live outside of the Soo.	* I
THE MARKETS.
fair and Squara
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) 08 to 75c. Flour per barrel, $3.40 to $3.80 Oats per bushel, 40 to 00c. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75c. Buckwheat, 45c. per bush.
Byo, per busk, 45 cents.
Eggs, per dozen, 12 to 00c. Butter, per pound, 00 to 15c. Ducks, per lb. 0 bo 7 cents. Chickens, per lb. 5 to 0 cents. Turkeys, per lb 8 to 9 cents. Pork per 100 lb*.. $7.00 to $00.0, Beef, per 100 lbs., $3.75 to $1.00, Wool, per pound, 14 to 10c. Pelts, each, 40 to 50c.
Hides, $4.50 to $5.00.
Calfskin*, 35 to 40 cents each.
SILAS YOUNG.
ROBERT C. HODCINS.
London to consider the trade relations of
Here it is 1	S™8
The Place
SASH and DOOR
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
n
In connection with my former business I have just placed In position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
4
U>
Sash,
OTTAWA
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Repairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS.,
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
pails. 18 to 30c. per lb Eggs, fresh, 15c. per doe.
Potatoes, 80c. per bag.
Lamb, 0 to 9c. per lb.
Mutton, 0 toOc. per lb.
Beef, 8J to 5c. per lb.
western Manitoba is under way and will | p0rk. $7.25 to $8.75 per 100. be completed next week. The deal iuvol ve§ the titles of nearly half a million of acres and it it understood a sum in cash of about half a million of dollars. Tne company it largely of St. Paul and Minneapolis capitalists and has a capital stock of $2,000,000. The attention of the new company is to colonise the land] The Canadian Northern Railway has and will settle the greater part of it dur ] reduced be tariff on soft wood lumber ing the coming summer.	' between Poit Arthur and western pointa.
nds
The Existing State of Affairs
Mr. Borden, Leader of the Opposition, replied to the F.ntnce Minister at. con-The United States exports to Canada j siderable length, concluding his speech last year were ai follows ;	with moving the following amendment.
Manufactures, $66,599,€00, of which | which outlines the fiscal policy of the $89,149,000
Agricultural products. $25,469,000, of which close upon $20,000,000 were on the free list
The total exports of the United States to I A declared policy of such adequate proCanada amounted to $119,000,000of which 1 tection to its labour, Agricultural prod nota the duties average a fraction over 12 per j Manufactures and Industries as will stall cent. As half the amount exported was j times secure the Canadian market for on the free list, the duty on dutiable Canadians ;
articles were a fraction under 23 per And, whi'e always firmly maintaining cent.	I the necessity for inch protections to
Canadian exports to the United States j Canadian interests, this House affirms ite amounted to $72,382,000, of which $28,- belief in a policy of reciprocal trade pre-331,000 arse in gold and silver coin and fermce within the Empire.
41
Big Land Deal
Wild peg, March 15 —A deal for the purchace by tho Dominion Land and Colonizition Co. of nearly all the unsold Canadian Pacific railway lands in Southeastern Asainiboia, and part of South-
Far which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-close work.
opposition :
This house, the present Tariff as unsatisfactory, is of the opinion that this country requires : —
regarding the operation of
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage lu the past, I shall look forward to a future in crease in business.
Chickens, 50 to 75c. a pair Oats, 47 to 49c. per bushel, Hay, $6.00 to $9.00 per ton Wool 00 to 00c. per lb.
Shawville.
JOHN G. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.

###PAGE###5###
â

THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Court Shawville,
No. m.
Have You
Bought Your
g LÔ. E
^ Weekly JetimeJ deeeted to local Intent*.
Hvm,rsmei> every tuoriday AT 8HAWVILLK, Co. PONTIAC, QVS. 8UB8CAIPTI0*I—Jt. 00 A f£AR IM ADYASCi. No paper «topped until «U arrearage*
*r« peU, uoleai by «peoUti arrangement with
the publisher.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Booms.
m
t he it It Wedpes
d*> of
Conn dues must be paid promptly every niouib.
Visiting brethren cor» dUUy Invited.
y month.
eve
A. SMILEY, Prop.
L.Br.
New Carpet ?
/. A. CoWAîf.r.S
H. H BattHETT.F.B
:o:
Jouit RKiKfrr, C. B ,
Before placing orders for Spring Goods I wish to remind the general public that
ADVaaTIHiNQ RATER:
Legal advertising, eighteen!» per |i flret Insertion and four eeuU per 11 each subsequent insertion.
Buslneas eards not exceeding one inch inserted nt lt.90 per year.
rsMsal announce menu Inserted at the rate of • o«nte per line for first InsfcrUon aud 6 mats lur subsequent Insertion».
Comme felt I advertising by the month or mr longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisement* received without instruct-turns areompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-l Ubed free of charge. Obituary poetry tb cents per line.
HAW VILLE HAVING PARLOR, JOHN SMITH. Proprietor.
s
! tie for
Qd fOl
WE HAVE THE AI|0ST UP-TO-DATE FARM IVjACHIN-----------ERY ON THE MARKET---------------
We have made every effort to satisfy you in House Furnishings, and guarantee to give you as large a variety of Ciioicb and ns good value in Price
AS ANY CÎTY STORE.
The spot far—
as a glance at the construction of Disc will show ; also the number of sales made to the leading farmers on their merits.
A Fashionable Hair Cvt, Good du am poo, on A Clean Süavk.
# #
# #
# e
t*r Your Turn next.
Union Carpets, Brussels Carpets,
Hemp Carpets,
Tapestry Carpets,
Spring Roller Blinds,
Two yards wide Linoleums,
Lace Curtains, from 25c. to $3.00 par pair.
CEO. HYNES,
JOB PRINTING.
Note.—Pole can be arranged for two, three or four horses, instantly without removing pole. Made in nine different sizes from 10 to 20 inches ; double lever—a great convenience on side hills and turning at end of furrow.

All kind# of Job Printing nestly sn-l eheaptyexeeuted. Orders by m*n i>romptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
shawvillb, - - que* Wall Paper
Publisher.
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
f.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B.^.,
A large, well selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all clawea. ,
IN UNDERTAKING
Do not Buy Wall Paper until you have looked at our new stock.
Graduate of MuCill UsrrviMrrY,'
Office— Residence of the late Dr. H. H Knot, Shawvllle.
Ottoe hours -Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoon*.
Elephant Brand of Mixed Paints is the Best.
Paint Oil, Turpentine, Japans, Varnishes and Stains
Whiting,
Any kind of Brush you may require.
A. SMILEY.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishing*, ranging from the plainest requisite* to the most elegant - I tx™. fjr designed. All call* receive personal Uaj VOIOFS, attendance. Open day and night* I
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
F. T. M. C.
Graduate) of Trinity Uoiremity, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow l»y eeamiaatlon of Trinity Mod. College, Toronto. Ornes âsfo Ruidexc* : J. U Armhtromo'i Hoc»*, MAINSTKBET • • 5HAWVILLK.
Kalsomine.
Alabastine,
District and Country.
/‘^W.'VWWWW
Windsor, Ont,, will build a city hall to cost |50, COO.
A lot of buildings at Omaha were wrecked by % storm.
M. Sue & Sors, clothing manufacturer, of Montreal, have assigned.
LEGAL.
D. LECUERRIER,
Seeds ! Carden and Field Seeds !
Oar Stock of Seeds is complete-ait Freül and tie Best Procoralle.
Early Red Clover, Late Clover, Alsike Clover ::
J
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday. Thursday and Friday of every week. Ofti jc at It. MoC. Ritchie's residence.
Headquarters for
lus expected that navigation wi’l be tap* ay resumed in tho great lakes by April 1st. XllllOuIiy,
UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
BOBEBEiU B1IN7ILLE, L. L L
• e
The ¦omllpox epidemic in old London shows no signs of abatement.
Hon. Wil iam Mulcrlt and Hon. W. 8.
Fielding will atteud the colonial conference in London.
Mr Alex. McMahon has been appoint* ed Police Magistrate in Winnipeg.
4”^;». "SÏC, IP. S.-Man’s and Boys’ Fait Hats, Raincoats and M,r,e	1 Umbrellas.
• e
*1
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
G.F.HODGINS.
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, *«.,
lloom SO, Trust Building, No. 4d Sparks
3L, Ottawa, Ont.
At 8hawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Afloe—over O. F. Rodgln*' Store, Main ftt.
The dispute between Germany and Veneauola is nearing an amicable act lenient.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
Canadian exhibits 611 half the space in
Matthew Jones, an engineer, 37 years the exhibition of colonial products in I of age, was struck by ao engine in the London, Ragland.	Grand Trunk Railway yard, at Point St
At the L-.i.dcn wl, for fur. which ire the -m-lc-reigned ,U6in# what aatery
wanted, and wlufc experience in teaching.
Duties to commence tat April next.
F	H. LANG,
Sec.-Treasurer
Teacher Wanted.
ADVOCATE, BARANETS** AC ,
OP THE PROVING* OP QUBBBCJ,
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
J. F. GRONAU • •	• • LADYSMITH.
5mMt ® BSparke Street. Ottawa.
Phone No. 13BL
Attends court* of Ottawa and Pontiac
DhAricU
Seven da* g roui Anarchists wire arrested at Naples on a steamer bound for New York.
now ia progress, Hugo Jaecvkel jf New York, purchased a black silver foxskia;
III	J	for £460. This is the 6 r«t time such a
A section of the naval.arse ml at Vtlpar- skin has been captured by an American, asio ha# been destroyed by tire. The lose They usually go to Russia or Paris.— is placed at $1,000,000.	Several foxikini have been sold for £250
each.
The Pembroke Standard says : Miss
Ducuingan has the honcr of being the
first young lady to cross the Des Jrachims
,	,	. .	.	. Bridge. It was a daring deed considering
ws. hurt by sn eiplo.mn of gunpowder lhe £ridge WM only two p!6ok wide st
_____ """ ""
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mr. Joseph Hendry, Sr., of Renfrew, river, won for Ontario.	thy and accepted with resignation the W*te for Catalogue of other sixes.
Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satis- who is a veteran of the 78th Hghlanders, That there are two aides to everÿ execution to which he was condemed.— ^	^
faotorily.	and has had his pension increased by od per qUe8tion is shown by the shoal of peti- He had given his soul to God and asked
• * QUE.	* liens which were receive J In Ottawa last those present to pray for him.
_____	The post-office and store at Kazubazus, week from all railway engineers, firemen, f The murderer s last momen t were
c A MATKAV BCL Que., owned by Messrs. B. Molam A Son trainmen, conductors and switchmen, spent in prayer, his lips moving in sup O. M.	,	it were destroyed by fire Monday night protesting against the attempt of the plication as the fatal bolt, which ushered
NOTARY WBIJ1. NOTARY FOR THE	9(h.	municipalities to compel the railways to him into ttîrnity was drawn. Death
ZTFtes— Æï&ïüî rrtS£rs£ :;5tr:SïîiïS
TssSSsff "Ti25	~ EE'HZx EF-1r5 ftSstttrurt sus
* J .	era further say that hundreds of men the asms evening.
One million dollars in cash is said to have been kil’ed simply through the It ia 39 years since an execution hss
"" re.weKlTt.rm.. Pslh ,alnmeted	recently Th, sninul had broken the
¦SllSSVJu<3£‘ilwSTee The Home MUsien Committee of the chlin cf the trep end elimbed • tree hsndibr sale; Oflfee: Shawvllie,Presbyterian Church, which met in To when Mr. Liak dicovered it. He com
ronto recently, was able to report a euf- menced to fall the tree and hid about fioienoy of funds to cover all liability.— succeeded when the animal jumped down The only fund short was that for Aged landing square on Mr. Liik'e backhand Infirm Miniters.	Then began the fun, the cat showed, fight
Joseph Kinsley, aged 19, died it his wills Star-Enterprise, horns it Point St. Charles as a result	— —?----—
of drinking methylated spirits. The	Laoroix Hamred
parents of the young man »• t to that1 an intimate friend induced Kinsley to drink the spirits, and drank a quantity himself.
OSBPH RODGERS’
J
ARTHUR McCOMEELL, B. C. L
ADVOCATE, fcc-,
XjAW chambers }
I
Shaw ville March. 17 1302.
MAIN STREET, HULL, - * QUE.
MÜÉU -
a mob in Hull on bln day previ us, fvr a too liberal use of his tongue. Lacroix went to his death in a repeat in t condition, but made no statement on the scaffold . Father Prévoir, one of the priests in attendance said Lacroix had authorized him to say that he pardoned every-

A Montreal company is applyicg to At Shawvillo 3rd Thursday each month, parliament for a charter to build a tun-
AadY-me I nel undar the St L'wrence riTer-
rliate remit Wooes- Special atteutiou to comnpôeosnt».

*;
Genuine Pocket Knives
Mr. W. J. Peaker, of Brampton, who
W. W. IRELAND,
MeDOUOALL & CUZNER,
Hardware Merchants,	Sussex St. Ottawa.
8MAWVILLE
act to the Northern Colonizitiou Rail-1 by all three mesna, esnun’y be determinway company. That to aid in paying the , ed in each case by the fanner interested, coat of building a bridge over the River I give betaw a single illustration of what Ottawa at Portage Du Fort it shall b> a cover crop contains, knowing that lawful for the lieuteoant-govoroor-in- another cover crop under other conditions council to grant a subsidy not exceeding might either be more or less valuable. $G,000 on condition that the government Second growth of clover, furnished in of Ontario contributes an equal sum for roots and tops per acre the following : that purpose, and that the government of Nitrogen 138,86 lbs : phosphoric acid f*7 Canada pays any further expenditure 34 lbs. potash 109.90 lbs. There is n-which the building of such bridge uisy moved by 2ft bush, wheat and accompan-render necessary, and that tho total cost ing straw, Nitrogen, 43 lbs , phoepherio of the bridge amounts to the sum of $20,- acid, 20 lbs., and potash 27 lbs. U is 000 at least.	believed that most of the nitrogen taken
up by legumes is secured from the combined nitrogen iu the atmosphere. The clover did not add to either the store of phospheris acid or potash. The plant took them from the sail and made them arai'aV.e.
J. J. TURNER,
Quebec Grants For ftailwaya.
un-
«FECIAL BKSOLtmOHS DRXfJXO WITH
OTTAWA HOADS.
Useof Cover Grope and Fertilizers
Prof. I. P. Roberts, of Cornell University says :—Cover crops may in a measure take the place of fertilizers and manures.
They are not, however, a universal paoa-for all soil deficiencies, neither are they a full substitute in all cans for far tilzers. There is always a wide field for the profitable use of one or all on the concentrated farms of fertilizers named, and in many cases there is also a v*-ial place for the use of fertilizers, therefore ihe more red of honest goods. Commercial fertilizers furnish ava l&b'o phot
food, but no humus. The cover crop__________________
furnishes both; but it is only fair to say > write for our
that the plant foods in the former are	u* 3 tough sketch or nr><iH of your in
available than in the latter. Cover Went ion or improvement and we will tell you
crop, improve the phy.ictl condition of
the soil, leissnmg the cost or tillage. Sbeen successfully prosecuted *y UA Fhy.ic.lly, fertilM»» beueCt the .oil
little or none. The humus furnisht-d by (ty dispatch work and quickly secure Petenti the cover crops increases the availability ) a* broad as the invention. Highest references
of the plant food alrea ly i i the soil ; fer- rf	procured through Marion & Ma
tilizers do not. Cover crops shade the t rion receive specie! notice without charge in
land and con.erte moisture.	d“‘ribu,ed tbro“*houl
It is impossible to accurately compare i specialty :-Pst»ot business of M.mufsc-the cost of fertilizers with the cost of Iturers and Engineers.
seeds for the cover crops and the preps- ) MARION & MARION
ration of the toil for them. The cost of < Patent Exports and Sollaitars.
increasing productively by extra tillage, )@mcee: ( %%ZTnwJ\vs^hEJ!sa D?! by the use of fertilisers, by cover crops or twvvvW*vvvvvLwvvvv
HOTKL-i
Quebec, March 21.—Hen Mr. Oouin introduced in the provincial legielatare today certain railway resolution providing that the delay prescribed for completing the woiks upon the Ottawa Valley and Gatineau railway, now the Ottawa Northern and Wesfcirn, be prolonged to the 31st of January, 1903, on condition tbit the balance of the $118,892 of the subshall be paid, when earned, following manner, namely $31,340 33. upon the works which shall be carried out according to law, from the north bank of the River P ckaaock to the sixty-second mile of the line $39,185,55 upon the woiks executed between the sixty second aid the seventy-second mile line, $45,889. 12 upon the works executed from the seventy-recond mite to the village of Notre DArae
St. Lawrence Hall,
F. W. Hodson,
Live Stock Commissioner,
i»
ces
Mrs C M. McLean,
PATENTS
Good AooommodsUon. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
V Fibst-class Livaar attached, k

ihi Slid r ilway
in th*3

PROMPTLY SECURED
à G. ! Doialdsoo,
At ten minutes past eight on Friday morning last, Stanislaus Lacroix paid the
,	.	.	. penalty of his crime—the killing of h;a
The C P.R has given orders for a wife and a neighbor at Montebello on large addition to lte roliing stock during August 21st, 1900. The execution toik the present year. The order includes in the jail ysrj st Hull, and was
177 locomotives, 70 ganger CA», of £iine8ied a comparatively limited
ZtiBlBSliSl


PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and
JEWELLER
m
1
We
We

/P
i
)
. *




/
1
r
•VlL
W J*'

ASreoiAtrrv:










###PAGE###6###
V
I
Sdmejcet Sqsp
HAD FAMILY EXAMPLES.
Brown—"1 don’t like to mid tales which show how geniuses were unco unruly children.”
Jones—"Why not ?"
Brown—"They merely vneourngo lazy parents to believe that unruly children will rill turn out geniuses."
'jftm&n/	'VT&y
cf&ey,	*/JL-nÀ/
cfto/ *4 Opt'd* Q,t%ru*J./ ht* QAAtJwUL'.
Ct^v urvs $t<L*n*/ /H*nu /
mm AILMENTS
m^jCrjdilAjC&ns
I
BUFFERING WHICH DOCTORS FAIL TO CURE.
One woman with Sunlight Soap will do better work than Two will with impure soap.
Ask for ttio Octagon Ban	____
If your grooer cannot supply, writo to NEVER BR0THXR8 V	ITHi ED, To:onto, sending his namo and addiosi, and a
trial eample of Sunlight Soap will bo sont you freo of cost.	g
REDUCES
EXPENSE
their
rhousands of Women Throughout Canada in a Similar Condition —Words of Hope to Sufferers.
l’A lit OF G U10SS108.
“Do you love mo still ?" asked tho
In countless homes throughout Canada, where health and happiness should veakm
wife
reign supreme, tho peculiar s and diseases of women are bio for an atmosphere of
I'll is aw-
jdsjL iuHucfc fa&d/ y Gyhn/ £rc ru
TTIK BRITISH AMKRIOA
It is stated than an American syndicate has been tunned to develop the granite quarries of Donegal.
"I do indeed/* replied tho husband.
Then she thought and ho thought and she wondered if he meant, it as she understood it and he wondered if she understood it as he meant it.
At tho sixty-eighth annual 11iccting of tho British Ain or tea	Assurance
•vs pun
lope loss ness and despa.ii
tul condition iw largely due to a mis- Company held in the head office at understanding of the proper manner Toronto the other day, a highly satin which to effect a cure for female isfactory report was presented. Tho '.roubles of all kinds
Ülnard’s Liniment Cutes Distemper •
IF YOU WANT COOO PRICI6 FCIt YOUR
Butter, Eggs, Poultry, Apples Produce
C’.ONSIUN TiU'M TO THIS ‘ -
DAWSON COMMISSION CO., Limited, TORONTO
Dr. WilliainsK
llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllntgilt profits	were
Link HUS haw been more successful 5V0; $05,000 in dividends was dis- The railway companies of ling land in cases of this kind than any other	tribut ml	at (V nmj 7 per cent., and	and Wales employ	between them
liedivine, and they	should be in ey- | $.10,544	carried to the reserve fund,	812,000 men. Tho	Scotch and Irish
uy home, and should be used by which now stands at £(112,001. Hon.’ companies employ 40,000 ivory woman who is not perfectly Geo. A Cox. the president, said that.
nearly and strong.	Mrs. Fred. Mur-	the not	gain in premiums for last Huddersfield is	more liable to
Phy. a well-known	resident of Pub-	year \\.	\ **27.1511, and tho iviluv	storms than any other town in tho
iico Head, N.S., cheerfully hears tion in losses M6,VJ1. Reviewing West riding of Yorkshire.	CoylOfI T63 Is th© fiflQSt
Lestimotiy to the great value of Dr. tho business of the company for tho	-------- 1
h i Ilia ms Dink Dills in woman's ail-	eight years, the president show- Beware Of Ointments for Catarrh ¦ th6 WOfsCl pfCCiUCCSg
Mtirpiiy A	j.ndl. .old only In lead
505, an ad-
IL
Correspondance Solicited
?


- mrvm
&
aient N
fears ago my health was completely
ovokvn down, my troubles beginning j from $178,101 to 8851 m one of the ailments which so fro- vuncc of 100 per cent .
QUimlly ntlîict my sex ÿroat sufferer from violent attacks oi business in the same field, according pain which would seize me in the to the Government reports Uomach and around I he heart
i
»
rk niorrury will -umly de-troy tho ecnio of ?metlAiid' omiiiotclyddnuigo tho whole xystcin when entering l through the une ou* Mirfftco<
packets.
4lack, Mixed and Green.
r.tcan tea drinkers try *Satada” Green tes.
while the average Increase of companies doing Kuoharttclt'Hhhotild never be used except on
l»vo»cr.p ion< fmm rvjmt ihle physicum, n-t tho d amine t tv y will de mte-i f Id to lb - &pnod you can potdbly detlvofrom thorn, lia IN Catarrh Cate, manufactured by F.J. Clienev & To..To-
...... y"	"y:-';,.' ,1,:	_____	m.r, ...................
ir’L'to wasiriijv "-S WHAT I,E ASKKI> roH	°v ;u *v'ru ï"r
I was Mr. Johnsing—‘ Did vou hear what hie. It. is tikoninVnvd y.Riid lihute in Toledo v ,	•	* l,‘ 1 *llXN0 helmed to
¦¦I	¦ f	». » Ohio, by F. J. Cheney & Co. Teeituioaleji say ‘thank you’ and 'if you plea?o’
,r”i,t by nrnrei-u prie*IScpetbotUe. ! in French.- rntfter-';Th«Vs move Hait1.- Family Pill* nvo the host.	| than you over learned m English.
»
I was a
Frost Wire Fence is a Strong Fence.
'Hie io wires and 6 slay fence has heavy uprights. There is not a weak spot in its construction. It will last three times ns long as other fences. Place your order for Frost Fence?, satisfaction guaranteed.
Write for Catalogue,
was on
It ly 40 per rent
•v»:
%» * +
lu y friends thinking mo dyit..
wholly unable to perform my house- Misinh Snowball
and was under medical | nmt hack his cup few some moult
tea ?”
THE FROST WIRE FENCE CO. LTD., WELLAND, Ont. 4
ho d wot k
ugh the summer,
My appetite my heart would palpitate the least exertion, pale and emaciated My urged me to try Ur. \\ il-l‘ink Pills, and procured mo a ! supply. After using the pills a con- 1 wee! I could feel that they
• helping me, and after using The Publisher of the Bos»t Farmer's it bottles. 1 was fully restored 1'ftjer in the Maritime Provinces in
lit	'	' t
but without bonedt
tn
i n

Ï
Mr. Washington—"No; wlmflur ?" I «I oh using—"1 !e asked faw a ! cup of dal which inebriates but does I not intoxicate."

Mi
TELEGRAPH
TELEPHONE
PARLOR
EDDY’S
•M I
x iidetitlx uft i! mi I xx 1ms! timl lhu

5 USE
!
Assurance Company.
t
x
*r HATCHES
£ Every Stick
to health. From that time until the writing to ns states:
I would i ha i I do nut Know of time I felt run a medicine that has stood the test of red frvin pains in the time like MIX A RD’K LINIMENT, It 1 at once got some more of has l ecu an unfailing remedy in our 1’iitk Pills, and they household ever since I ran remember, soon put me all right, and I am now and has outlived dozens of would bo feeling better than 1 liaxe done for competitors and imitations.
I cannot praise these pills nor can 1 too strongly
4.
ig of 11)01 I enjoyed the lest of i .i : h. but at t lt.it
dow
hart
lh\ \\ i 11 in ms
s
4.
^ Every Hatch -
A “ Lighter
tnd
i

!
SHAREHOLDERS’ MEETING.
44414H4444H4H44H4I
W P C. 1120
The Sixty-eighth Annual Meeting of tho shareholders of the British America Assurance Company was held at its offices. Toronto, on Thursday, the 127th inst. The president, Hon. Geo. A. Cox, occupied the chair, and Mr. P. H. Sims, who was appointed to act as Secretary, read the folloxving:
yen rs too mudi
those who are ailing to test their wonderful health restoring virtues.
CONTENT TO STAY.
"Poor man," said tho Inquisitive old lady, "1 guess you’ll he glad when your time is up, won’t you ?"
"No, ma’am, not partickcrly," replied the prisoner. "I’m up fur life."
iii *
THE MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE
S11Y RAPID TRANSIT.
Dorothy—"What became of that bashful man and bashful girl you were telling me about ?”
David—"Oh, 1 introduced them ; and in three weeks they were engag-
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills go right to the root of disease .by making new, rich blood, and restoring shattered nerves. In this way they cure such troubles as the functional ailments of women, restore the glow of health to sallow cheeks, cure palpitation of the heart, anaemia, headache, indigestion, kidney and liver troubles, rheumatism, partial paralysis, St. Vitus' dance, etc. lie sure you get t he genuine wit h t he full
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for i» order to prevent the many cases
If vou of children being burned to death.
ANNUAL REPORT.
$33 TO CALIFORNIA, OREGON AN!) WASHINGTON.
Chicago & North-Western RV from Chicago daily. March and April, only SO.00 for berth in tourist car. Personally conducted excursions Tuesdays and Thursdays from Chicago and Wednesdays from New England. Illustrated pamphlet, sent on receipt of two cent stamp by S. A. Hutchison. Manager, 212 Clark street, Chicago.
Your Directors have pleasure in presenting the Si.ity-eighth Annual Report and Financial statements, duly vouched for by the Auditors of the Company.
There has been a moderate increase in the Premium Income in all branches, the Canadian Fire Business, particularly, showing a considerable increase over that of any previous year, this being mainly due to the advanced rules which have been obtained.
The balance of Revenue Account, $99,690.00, has been applied as follows:—$65,000.00 for two half- yearly dividends, the first at the rate of Seven Per Cent, and tho second at the rate of Six Per Cent per Annum, $4.045.20 written oil office furniture and Securities, and the balance, $80,544.74, added to the Reserve Fund, which now stands at $612,001.96.
Although considerable progress has been made during the year in the direction of advancing rates throughout Canada and the United States the results of the business, ov ' \g to the increase in fire losses, have not proved satisfactory to Companies generally, and measures are now being taken for further advances which should bring about a material improvement in the condition of the lire insurance business on this continent.
GEO. A COX, President.
Preeervoe the teeth. Sweetens the breath Strengthens the gums
cd
“AUTOSPRAY"
SALESMEN
WANTED
The London police are circulating a notice calling attention to tho great need for providing lire guards
FOR
Best compressed-air *prar*r nuule. Sample machine free —SAVERS BROS., Omit, 0 it___
nan.*»
Pale 1 do not find
)h
on every box them at your dealers, tiny will be mailed postpaid at 50c. •i box* or six boxes for $2.50, by .tddressing tue Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Brock\il|e, (hit.
i
Wood\ I’noiot ngi:ax ino .
i' J1 losi s I s(.X‘> • #
,10* HAY Ski l l lOUOVfO
Three men, for attempting blackmail on an aged schoolmaster, were sentenced at Lancaster Assizes, two for twelve years "and one to ten years' penal servitude.
Dominion Line Steamships
At the coronation the Duke of Somerset’s servants will wear liveries of c loth of gold, the only ones so privileged.
Montreal to Liverpool. Boston to Liver pool. Portland to Liverpool Via Queens
Urge and Fart Steamships Superior uocomn odatlon (or all olaaso* of oaiengers. Saloons aod Staterooms are amldahipe. Special attention has he, n given to «he Second S Uoon and Third-Class accommodation. Kor rates of paa-age and all particulars, apply to any agent of the Company, or
Richards, Mille à Co,
77 State St. Bo, ton.

DEATH FOR THE SICK
NO VERIFICATION
NEEDED AT HOME
Sentence for Those Who Take
Boer Medicines.
For Over Sixty Yeitrs
Mr«. Wixsi.owh SooTlilKU FvM'P hm be*n used hy millions of motlivrs for the r children vhile u « hm; It soothes the child, rofU-na th* gums, al .«yspain, cuies wind mic. regulates t he W om ,ch ml Uiwels. and is I he best remedy fvr llinrrhtw. Twenty lUm tt»u« u liuttle Sold l-f druggists throughout ihv wur.d. Ik* sure and M»k for " Mkt. WlSbLvtV SMH.TUIXO p»vki»p.*
D. Torrance & Co .
Montreal and Portland.
A study of this Blue Book, issued recently, guvs to show that everything humanly possible is being done for tlie comfort of those men. would child whom tho Beer Methods of waging war have thrown Joe Brown’s Wonderful Escape on our protection, says the 1 Ion Express. Some good people—they «re mostly pro-Boers, their protestations of humane motives nolwitli-
SUMMARY OF FINANCIAL STATEMENT.
EVERYBODY IN OSHAWA IS FAMILIAR WITH THIS CASE.
GILEADINE
Total cash income.................................
Total expenditure, including appropriation for losses under adjustment
52,040,197 10
l
At Shelton Abbey a deputation from the tenants on the Karl of Wicklow's estate attended recently to present to the Karl and Countess an illuminated address.
1,940,607 10
Is a Balm of Cllaart preparation. It cures Cold Sores, Chapped Hands, W:unds or Skin Diseases. It le not aneeathotlo, but a healer—THE SOVEREIGN HEALtR. Large Boxes 26c. Druggists, or Tho Clloatilna Co., Toronto.
• •
From Death is Now an Old and Oft Told Story to the People of His Own Town.
$ 99,590 00 65.000 00
Dividends declared...
• •	•#•••• ••• «M e.
• ••
Mamiing— havv made about tin
Many
i great noire Oshawa, Out., March 3.—(Special) mortality in the camps. —While interest in Joo Brown’s case of these deaths have been ' has been revived by the recent pub-nhout by Boer ignorance, lieu lion of the facts in so many papers, Oshawa people are well acquainted with the whole circumstance. Mr. Brown’s father-in-law, Mr John Allin whose place of business is right in the centre of the town, has, however, had to answer many questions recently, but as he * was very close to Mr. Brown during was the best tiling for the whole of his painful experiences Mr. Handle xvns in ’97 and ’98, lie finds this an easy surprised to see a cat running about matter.
the tent with all its fur clipped olT. Mr. Allin is quite ns enthusiastic He enquired the cause, and was in- as Mr. Brown himself, and never formed the fur had been cut oil and tires telling the story of how Dodd's roasted, and then applied to Abram Kidney Bills conquered disease, and Strauss’ child's
Total assets
. ...$1,755,849 21
til- Omsli
mid work* off (hr ( Id.
Laxrvlro Hromo-Qu:nin.i Tablet* cure n cold In one day. No » ure, No L ay. Price to cent».
• ••

• ••
Cash capital. Reserve fund
$1,000,000 00 012.001 90
Brass Band
• • »#*
• •• ••
•••	• ee
brought
s s the following extract from, Dr. Kendal Frank's report on the camp a i Bloemfontein goes to show :
"t>ne (lay Mr. .1. Kruger, a nephew of t he ex-Diesident, asked the superintendent to use his influence with Mr. Beau man n to allow him to give bis wife a cow-dung hath, which, he stated
• •• %
see ••
see
••• ••• •••
Thomas Slioehy, a cottier on tho property of General Dickson Glin. County Limerick, is 109 years of ago and well.
Security to policyholders
The report, on motion of tin President, seconded by the Vi.. president. was carried unanimously. In moving the adoption of the report the President said:—	t.,
’t he Revenue Armant shows that, after deducting losses and expenses from the premiums for Uio year, there is a balance, or underwriting proM. of $5H.-795. This, with the earnings from interest and rents. $ 10,795, makes the total balance at the credit of Revenue Account $99.590. Compared with the preceding year the figures before you show again in premiums (after deducting reinsurances) of $1*27,159, and a reduction ill losses of $10,1*21.
This increased income is derived mainly from the fire business, and as stated in the report, is chiefly to the better rates that have prevailed, in the Murine Branch there bus been little change in the volume ol business we have done, but while tho income from this source represents less than one-fourth of the total premiums received, we are indebted to lilts Branch for nearly one-half the year's profits.
$1,612,001 9(1
• ••
near
instrumente, Drums, Uniforme, Etc
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
lowest prices ever quoted 500lllu«tnUlonn.mailed free, thing In Mimic or Naîtrai luMrument*.
Flie catalogue. Write a* for any*
MANY ADVANTAGES OVER OTHER LINES.
WHILEÎ BOYCE & 00., Limited,
rheumatism
Toronto, Ont-, and Winnipeg, Man
I hat the New York Central possesses great advantages over other lines cannot be gainsaid, and they arc too numerous to enumerate, but a few of the principal features are: the great train service (twelve express trains each way between Buffalo and New York), four trucks and tho Grand Central Station the only station in the city of New York.
This is
ISO Kinds for 20c.
it is a fact that Sailer's vegetable and flower
seeds are found In more gardens ^ A and on more farms than any other ML In America. There Is reason for thlaT1 We own and operate over woo scree for the production of our choice seeds. In order to Induce you to try them , we make the following uupreo |
A FortO Cents PostpaidÂ
11 /	$0 kl.a ef mreet Neeicee rtdUhM, >
I
J	Taking into consideration the largo amount of lire business trn od. the
he would over! results of the year—although they show a marked improvement on those of the
year 1900—cannot be regarded as «Hording un adequate margin of prolit those of you who have noted the records from month to month of the a lires in Canada and the United-States, beginning with the conflagration in the business Centre of Montreal in ..January last, must, 1 think, regard the accounts presented as more favorable than might have been anticipated. We can at least claim that they will hear comparison in their general results with those shown by other C ompanies operating in the same fields as ourselves, and this is perhaps the best test of the judgment exercised by the oUlcers and agents of the Company in the prosecution of its business. Tho problem as to what rates will he adequate to meet the losses of any one year Is a difficult—1 might say an impossible—one for the most experienced underwriters to solve. They can only meet the changed conditions that confront them from time to time bv readjusting their rates in accordance with tho loss records which these changing conditions produce. Tho adverse experience of Companies engaged in the lire business on this continent for the past two years have shown the necessity of Increases on many classes of risks, and wo have benefited to a considerable extent from the advanced rates which prevailed during the year 1901, and in view of the action taken during tho past ten days by nil* tho leading Companies doing business in tho United States to bring about radical advance than has hitherto been attempted 1 feel that anticipate that these improved conditions will have an even more marked ef upon tho business of the present year.
In review idg the business of the past J'raf, as well am of the preceding eight years during which J have had the honor of occupying this chair, it is HOW THEY GROW.	very gratifying to observe the progress which tho Company
fire business in Canada, ns well as tho profits which have accrued upon First Year—“Tho biggest trout I notwithstanding the losses by the conflagrations of the past two years
ever caught was a foot and a half	%% ccfe ZK'hZ	ÆTprSK
long,	and	ho	had	a	lug	fish	hook	in	position in connection	with the business of its homo held*, and wiiite an iiicnni-
hiu	stomach.”	Tenth	Year—“J)id	I	equal to that of some	leading British office* wnich carry much larger amounts on
over tc„ you about,he trout, once
Caught ? It was over a yard long, average results of its competitors. The progress which the British ¦¦¦¦ und had an anchor in its stomach.” has made in this direction under its present management ia indicated
following figures:	In	189*2 the totaf lire premiums of the Compuin
ad a were $178.951; in	1901 they amounted to $851,505. These figures represent the net premiums	(after deducting reinsurances), so that during these
nine years the Income of the Company in this branch has increased upwards of 100 per cent., wlme the total increase of nil Companies reporting to the department is about 40 per cent. It Is still more gratifying to find from the annual returns of Companies doing* business in Canada, published by the Dominion Government, that while fbr this same period the average loss rati< of all Companies reporting to the Canadian insurance Department is 70.8 per cent., our losses have been but 59 per cent, of the premiums received.
While this has been our experience at home, tho progress wo have made in other fields in the way of securing advantageous connections had such as to warrant our looking for equally favorable results from our agei outside the Dominion, particularly when wc bear in mind the improved outlook to which 1 have referred in the United States, from whkh terittory a large proportion of our income is derived. In conclusion, 1 desire to avail myself of the opportunity of expressing our appreciation of the work of the officers of the Company, both at its Head Office and at Its Branch Offices, and our obligations to our General and Local Agents for their service* in tho puny's behalf, during tho past year.
The following gentlemen were re-elected to servo as Directors durin ensuing year:—Hon. (loo. A. Cox Lon
chest as a remedy ______________________Dr. Porn, the principal medical o/ïlcvr, told me tluit. he was once sent for to who was ill in one of the tents then discovered that the parents had killed a goat and cut it open, m moving all the internal organs. They had then put the child bodily inside the gont. with its head alone protruding through the opening made by » removing the breastbone
1 he B< renw dies have a stmug sa vor of superstition. Thus a favorite who have recently been reminded of remedy for jaundice is to rub tho pa- this wonderful cure of n seemingly tient s body with cabbage seeds. The hopeless case who find no trouble in seeds are then sown. When they calling up tho facts, and none come up the jaundice disappears. slow to Rive all the credit to Dodd’s
Kidney I',lis.
j
«
“We didn't think live through it, let alone get strong
for bronchitis
hilt
serious
child and be able to work, but the pills ( lie mode him all right and well in a
see a
short time, and the best of it all is that the cure has stood the test of
re-
time. Jt must be three and a half years since, and as you know he's strong and hearty to-day and has been ever since Dodd's Kidney Pi!is sent him back to the shop.”
There arc many others in town
11 peerless lelteee whiles, II apleidU beet sorts.
the route of t! famous Empire State Ex-
in ill ho Mods positively fnrniBblng bushels of chemins flowers and lots and lots of choir# vegetables, together with oar great cataloguai telling all about Teoelnte and l ea \ Oat sud B rom as and Spelts, onion
prr s
Some of
%
etc., ell for
____	_	etamp#.
JOHN A. SALZIR SEED CO. U Crone. ITii
seed at 60c. a pound, e
XOc. In Canadian
The Official estimate of .the cost of the war from the outbreak of hostilities up to the end%of March is about £160.000,000.
tt more we may safelv
arc
ct
4 —
Minni's Liniment I'm Olplteito
Fit EE TO MOTHERS ONLY
t
has made in its
this
To every mother of young children who will send us her name and address plainly written on a postal card, wo will send free of all charge a valuable little book on the care of infants and young children book bus keen prepared by a physician who has made tho ailments of little ones a life study book wo will send a free sample of Baby's Own Tablets—tho best medicine in the world for Hie minor ailments of infants and young children. Mention the name of this paper and address Tho Dr. Williams* Medicine Co., Brockvillo, Ont.
\
The only copy of the first edition of Dr. Watt’s hymns known in England was recently sold at Sotheby's rooms for £140.
This
Monkey	Brand	Soap	will clean	a	••	Per annum>	payable half-	..
house from	cellar	to	roof,	but	won't	%	yearly,	is allowed on De-	X
wash clothes.	3*	.,
JL Dentures for $100 and up- ..
.. wards for terms of 1, 2, 3,	.,
..	4, .or 5 years. Interest ac..	crues	from	the date on	.<
..	which	the	money is rè-	».
•l ceived by the Company
A moi I va by the in Can-
W i t h t he
Mrs. Homer—“Jane, open that window and let a little fresh air into
June—“It isn't fresh
CLEANING LADIES’
WALKING
air at all at all, mem: it 's the same air that’s been about here all morning.”
0
OR
OUTING
SUITS
• ¦ ¦
Can be done perfectly by oar French Proceea Try It
BRITISH AMERICAN DY1INQ 80.
the
MONTREAL TORONTO. OTTAWA A QUEBEC
Minard's LlnW Cures Colts, dc
been
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
A RAGING BELLE
"
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL-OOMFORTINQ.
COCOA
Dolly—'Tolly, how many men have you been engaged to ?”
Polly—“Oh, Dolly, I’ve lost count The hire of the Ophir for the royal
The esti-
A Parliamentary return shows that in tho last two years 227,6p0 officers and men have been sent to South Africa.
•• THE CANADA PERMANENT I! and WESTERN CANADA
I! MORTGAGE CORPORATION
• ¦ Toronto Street, TORONTO f
•H-l-M-l-H-1-
Vo
the
ü
tour has cost £1 OR.400 mate was only £70,400.
A ttffualu* Robert
Myers Jaffray, Lieut.-Col
.12. Kenny lion. ti. C.
omas
Wood
masting of the board, heir, subsequently, the lion. Geo. A. Vox was Pee#ident And Mr J. J. Kenny Vice-l’realclent.
g, John Hoskir, K. C , LL.D U. fl. Pellatt and K. W. Cox.
At A
TO (18C A MLB IT OSE DIT.
Ttkd Laxative Bromo Quinine ÎAbletA Al -i «iKK'^ts refund the money if It fall* to eorA fi. AT Grove'# signature is <m each bos. Mo. 1
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
sum's Linem cores Gorçei m cows.




_

###PAGE###7###
SjTr*j&rvss‘js ran bested John bull,
*¦» s*isPSuinsLuS dodoes by which db^aik K“..,uirte,l*H.thh’j'r;r:1 n°""id i°““	"°i °-d
fuhas ,eek cheated. %%%	«.,! 5 ».	» =„»„=, !
lai|;o ones and three eggs make a	~	time.	clever snatcher to make off with a
nice sized one. To this number of Poor Old John Is a Soft Mark T1NPI P mam nAimtim five-thousand-dollar bank bill. It eggs allow half a teaspoonful of salt, for People of the Razor	1 J ill. might still be possible to do it
a dash of pepper and half a tea-	Variety.	10 ,a'v Wa,s ut onco altered, and | with a package of five hundred or
imsm	###===##=
sr-jiœrrss: sstsslku.	—...-------tst=Mass *__________________
mmm mêmmmm § N§as=
s-==¦:=r-~-=====-¦ esss.sa ~n
sr-TTitîS SJTÆSS:	—	I “Talr-and bogan makin*al1 so'tH <>f
Stir in 2 tablespoons melted butter and a little chopped parsley, and heat in a vessel of boiling water.
Add the gravy from the dish and boil uo once. Place the fish in a hot dish and pour over the sauce.
with Pudding—Never the meat, but if necessary, wipo with a damp cloth ; sprinkle with salt, pepper and flour, and if not fat, put three or four pieces of butter the size of a hickory nut it. Put in the dripping pan without water, letting it rest frame or small sticks to keep it from tho pan. Haste and turn often, baking from 15 to 20 minutes for every pound. Make a Yorkshire pudding to eat like vegetables with the roast as follows t—For every 1 pt milk take 3 eggs, 3 cups flour and a pinch of salt ; stir to a smooth barter, and pour into the dripping pan under tho meat half an hour before it is done.

*#*e*e*#*#*eo#*#*#*#,
BIG BANK BILLS ARE RARE
same
BRITISH RATAL CASTLE.
I
I
FOR E HOME
I
Between Individuals
WINDSOR IN RESPECTANT IN NEW TRAPPINGS.

for the Kitchen. S
Recipes
Hygiene and Other Notes i for the Housekeeper. ®
King and Queen Supervised the Work, the Latter Furnishing Sketches.
m
DOMESTIC RECIPES
Tho most delicate
pay- cstry
.	,,, ...	, land of Skyros, out of quarries spo-
days.: 1 d like to wager that of the | cially opened by tho King of Greece So that Harry, not content with -fifty million dollars of bank notes in (after centuries of disuse.
"besting" John with one hand, man- circulation in Canada last month ' aged at practically tho same time there are not a hundred in en in To-, to "best" Jonathan with the other; ronto to-day who possess a hundred [ . V°;ri * ,anc ra.s studio it also a for, of course, the statues, although dollar bank-bill.	delight, to the artistic eye. It was
tho American Customs had perforce "Those that are required are used "r'B^ally intended to be an extra to pass them os "works of art," almost exclusively in the North-west (ln*ssmK-roum, but Mr. Murray sug-were melted down almost as soon as and by cattle buyers who deal in Ke®,e(1 t,ULt Jt wo,dd make an admir-landcd.—Pearson's Weekly.	places where banks are few and i a . stuciio. arid in this view the
King coincided. Accordingly two
sides of tho apartment were fitted with glass-topped cupboards con-
DECORATIONS IN STUDIO
FRAMING PICTURES AT HOME. I representations and asking all kinds ,,	,	.of curious questions.
*“H .™e, "T'rrsmmLE
may easily be done at home. For- What sort of a boat is that in nierly a mat over tho picture as a I ^ 0 Mersey, that Captain Sommes
@ÜE IBS
wMwmmÈW
cambric about half an inch wide and ^.cneva/ and Al1 represented roughly tor in his nay. ami a serious racc$J and all classes, and has bo- color and oil by her majesty, as well an inch long, fold them over two ,be va u? of American shipping de-1	V*	?» ?	, 1 come famous for terse decisions and as slight sketches rapidly done as
*“•——— “ -	,zra gftpimssja r:;zzIS
™, competitor I. E.wrd VII. "	Lorn.»- Wo- H5 ! Impo.inp
SSI*	I*
up, fasten with skewers and roMt b"1'	lH	b^to“	tln bo*.wa8	have becn one billing per rod, but	throne,	and that he would sometimes	,n I,eTJllr>r-	It.1 bas	*on« ceaaed	to tho room-
until well done. Serve with gravy. I „!''	jd	abolit	the clerk who drew up the official no-	regret	the tasks fulfilled by the	"""prisa me ; it only saddens	me
One scant quart buttermilk or sour I%a8	P„n	„h.1|t,h i,	f^’|„a ?, ,gar	and made the word read "rood."	positions have not proved true.	. Aboub	B .	I
milk, not quite 1 cup molasses, 1	r®f * 1	ab?.**;•	f,,l"f tbe box	Now, n rood Is, of course, exactly	Since	his accession to the throne	'mpression	Is that	the lender
level tablespoon soda dissolved in , ,	, “î b Ï ?,	? ,ort.V times greater than a rod ; Edward VII. has retained the habits a,out as hon(St as the borrower,
hot water and put In the molasses, :°Lr „T,V «iHn«	/La „.iÎ consequently, John was making pul)- of tho Prince of Wales. He innu- As B, ful® thero 18 .f,° misrcpresqnta-
about 5 cups Graham, corn meal and n!**n “ rnk-n	1 l,c hia willingness to part with his gurates, he makes speeches, he in- J;,on bhat a maa Wl11 not make when
white or rye altogether. Divide this “bo'°	^	I,and at one-fortieth the price he had spects, he travels, and he accom- hek wü!hea„ to borrow money, and
keep boiling in Just about that	—4---- ed. The careless clerk got the "sack" with the royal diadem, wrapped in a lfa*
amount till very tender. When al-	MAKING A MISTAKE	ftnd that was all the satisfaction cloak of purple and ermine ; at , 'voinan pleaded inability to pay The statement that the English na-
most done, add salt, pepper and but- ,	John got.	other times he is seen in the attire a dot on account of illness. Four tional hymn will henceforth read,
ter to season to taste, and let sim-	iSome men make	a mistake by dis- But it was in the good old protcc-	of an automobilist, piloting a motor	J odors	had	attended her—Judge	“(j0d	save	our	lord,	tho	king."	in-
mer down in the kettle, till the	continue their	advertising when tionist days, when John levied a	car through the London streets. And acon '	.°’,r	d°ctors ! And	you	stead	of "our gracious king" recalls
water is nearly all gone. Then re» business is dull. Others make a mis-	duty on practically everything im-	every day the newspapers mention	ha)e s,,rvn¦ Wonderful r•	one of the lust occasions, sixty-live
move chicken from tho kettle. Into	^y	neglecting to change what is	ported into his island, that tho	his presence at some official function,	/ uggested by a solicitor's	unde-	years ago, on which	the familiar
the kettle pour nearly 1 qt boiling in f ,lc‘ir 8^nC0 because business is	poor old gentleman was most ruth-	or some social or artistic event	( Uyierahle signature "It must	have	song had "him" and	"his" instead
water, -add butter, salt and pepper dud* *t wou*d bo Just as reasonable	lossly and systematically "bested."	which requires his patronage.	taken him a good deal of time	and	Qf "her" and "hors."	Little Princ-
to taste. Thicken with 1 heaping ,or a newspaper to republish the Apart from the smugglers-—wftaso do- On Friday, wc hear that he is trouble to hit upon such a signature | cess Victoria was visiting the old tablespoon flour mixed with water	8ame itoms daY	dfty because there j ings lie somewhat outside the scope	hunting at Windsor; on Saturday, ho	as thttt;	w,th	dots nnd scrawls
till all lumps are gone. Have ready	I waS not anything	happening to lake 1 of this article—there sprang up a	is lunching at the dragoons’ bar-	°.‘.or	^ suppose he	con-
some hot buttermilk or baking pow-| P^aco oi 1,1 at which was published | class of men, shrewd, smart, and un- racks; inspecting the regiments that ®lder8 illegibility a sign of in Wider biscuit.	Spread	them	with	but-	yesterday.	Such a newspaper	would scrupulous, who made a business of are bound for the Transvaal, regu-
ter, and	pour	this	gravy over	them.	loS0	many of	its subscribers,	because | seeking out tho weak places in the lating the route of tho coronation At W hitechapel county court—"The
Tho buttermilk biscuit are made as IaVcraS° Person does not care, to armour of the various customs,	! procession, discussing the	terms of	rno, a iiy of t he Hebrew ought to	he
read a second time tho trivial items 1 laws and enactments with which he	tho response to the Dutch	note ; on	as hlKh n9 that of the Christian.	It
which are given in the papers from I had surrounded himself.	Sunday, he is present at	a charity	is derived fr°m the rame source, and
day to day. If business is dull, the I CHARLES HARRY'S DODGE.	concert, and, adds an English news-	thc rabbis inculcate a standard
ffspp tesss SgESËr
Ü11
eventually to receive $200,000 compensation for cotton which he had purposely permitted to be illegally
His next coup was in regard to I Willie—"Father, what’s a spend- "Lady," said grain. At the time a heavy duty thrift ?" Father— A man who "would you give a starvin’ man was imposed on all corn imported | spends a great deal of money foolish- somethin’ to eat ?" into the United Kingdom from any ; *y-" Willie—"Then is a man who you’re not starving." "I know it,
British possession out of Europe ; ! lends money foolishly a lendthrift?" lady. But
was	as regards *
ÎÏÏÏÏ. ÏÏTÏS &<== JS\	I .ST'Z-Zr. -   «
;r...
"Yes-very. What Is to be the the Black Sea with com, carried it	_ 08 wcre dirt>'	of a new system for the extermina-
main feature of tho new house ? ’ to Malta, and there had it reshipped |	‘	I "Supposing I decide to let you tion of rats on board ship. The ves-
'You—if you 11 consent.	and consigned to the port of Glow- j He had gone to ask her father for have tho money, how do I know that sel is charged with sulphur dioxide
The Doctor—"I think you under-	coster. When the grain-laden fleet	her	hand in marriage.*	"Well,	sir, j I shall get it bacp at the time you	gas, jvhich Apparently has the effect
stand fully now the directions	for	arrived Barry was, of course, there,	what is it?”	snapped	out the	old , mention?" asked Brown. "I promise	of : attracting the rats from their
those medicines, and this is for your anfl claimed admission of the car- man. "Remember, I am a man of i it, my boy, on tho word of a gentle- hiding places, and ns soon as they dyspepsia." Patient — "Why,	J	goes free of duty as coming frqm a	few	words."	"I don’t	rare if	y On man." replied Moore. "Ah! in that	breathe the fumes they become
haven’t dyspepsia, doctor."	The	British possession in Europe. ' The	are	a man of	only one	word, if	it’s j case I may think better of it. Come	faceted. In thd experiments several
Doctor—"Oh, but you will have It Customs refused to deliver the goods the right one." replied the suitor. | round this evening and bring him hundred rats we<* dost ret Ved in a few when you've taken those other free, and Barry paid the duties un-1 He got the girl.	| with you."	minutes oy means of 1|/*
Roast Meat wash
on
ut
on a wire
While these
souvenirs include
Baked Pork and Beans—Put on 1 qt dry beans to boil in cold water.
In half an hour after they begin to boil, add * teaspoon saleratus. Let boil up and pour off the water. Put on fresh water, hot or cold, let boil until the beans are tender, but ma.shed. Take 1 lb salt pork, clean it well, score and riud and put it in ,	,
the center of the beans in a large back on 00 ch fiido of the Picture, run dripping pan. Bake in a slow oven a wlre Picturo cord through them, until all are nicely browned on top.|and thoy aro ready for hanSinK-Roast Beef with Dressing—Got piece from tho round, about ono and one-half inches
WORTH OVER $600,000
In the studio the doors are made to resemble the walls precisely, and all are covered with studies in water
ju-
not
of | souvenirs of travel and studies of fruit and still life.
In the King's apartments the color
His majesty
HOW JOHN WAS TRICKED
lie
wet up with 1 egg,
Special attention has also been paid to the sleeping rooms, the fur-money lenders—"My own ! fishings of which are in ornate
is I style.
In general it can be said that rejuvenated Windsor now ranks, in completeness, art and comfort, with any royal dwelling in the world.
TACTFUL VICTORIA
to
I have to
Chicken with Biscuit—Put a chick
President Loubet’s Opinion of Our
Late Queen.
my
Hi
al1 king WilimmK who said:
"Now, Victoria, the band is in the next room, and shall play any tune you please. What shall it be?"
"O Uncle King," was her prompt and flattering reply, "I should like 'God Save the King!* "
It is the biography of this same
___	°f tactful Victoria that President Lou-
and ! -üa , a ln^*	puiwt and high- bet of France has recently given to
H i
"Explain to the child," ho told tho English governess, "how this lofty personality who was so distinguished and dominated her epoch was able to exercise so decisive an action on the events of her time, without More . stars arc visible in the I ever abandoning the reserve imposed Southern Hemisphere than in the upon her by her situation, without Northern, 7,200 being visible to an ever seeking to put herself forward, observer at the Cape, compared with and yet without ever ceasing to fol-6,100 visible to the naked eye at |low with the keenest 1 .on don
follows : One cup very rich sour buttermilk, a little salt. Into this
to which has been 1 even teaspoon soda, 2-8 evon teaspoon baking powder. Add Just enough more flour to enable you to flatten the dough out on board, cut and remove to tins without sticking. Biscuit made in this way will he light and fluffy.
White Cake—One teacup butter, 2 teacups sugar, 3 teacups flour, 1 teacup milk, 3 eggs, 1 teaspoon baking powder, 1 teaspoon essence of lemon. Put tho sugar and butter into a basin and with a wooden spoon beat them till they are the thickness ‘of cream ; then add tho eggs well beaten, and mix in very thoroughly, after which add tho milk. Mix tho baking powder with the flour, and add it next, then tho eesence of lemon, and beat the while thoroughly. Line a cake tin with buttered paper into which pour the cake, and bake for an hour or till ready.*
sift 1 pt flour added
est character."
o
It takes advertising to make every
It cannot be accomplished by slipshod methods or by guess work
business nil that is desired
A PRELIMINARY TRIP.
Edgar—"Eleanor, dear, you are such a vivacious young woman that I’m afraid I shan't bo able to make you obey."
Eleanor—"Well, Edgar, perhaps you would be wiser not to try."
ing
as
vigilance all
I that went on in the World, and all Meandering Mike, | that it behooved her to know in the
interest* of flu* gi ountry whose Perhaps. But | destinies were no dear to her."
It is a tong sentence but it is also an ounce of pn it ion is [ one of the shortest summaries yet
made of Victoria’s attitude and achievements.
THE QUESTION OF THE HOUR.
One is constantly asked . when smallpox is prevalent, "Ought I to bo vaccinated?" The only answer is, "Be re-vaccinated and see. If you do not need it it will not take and you will suffer no inconvenience; if you need it you will be well compensated for your inconvenience."
« i
worth u pound of cure, ain't it ?"
Husband—"I
"So you arc having your house redecorated, Mr. Hawkins ?" the workmen began last week
ê t
HINTS TO HOUSEKEEPERS.
Miss Pnrloa suggests that dried fruits cooked in the oven have a peculiarly delicious flavor. Soak all dried fruits .(except prunes) over night. Put in an earthen dish with cover, set in tho oven and simmer •lowly until done. Never use tin or iron for the cooking of fruit, either fresh or dried,
Tkt oawJqt Is the riost deliejous of
_______________K	E care If y Ou I man
The I a*o a man of only one word, if it’s case I may think better of it. Come




. i



###PAGE###8###
:


E. HODCINS & SON’S A DVT.
Gentlemen :
Do you And it difficult to get a Boot that will keep your feet dry ? If so try us for your next supply. We are prepared to give you an
fjAS ARRIVED !
Oar large Spring Stock is to.
flo Crumbling.
Eïnrme is pleasni will It.
flo picking.
». cu SPRING 1902-0^
Boots
x
Oil Dressed Boot for ¦ - $1.00. » Oil Dressed Heavy soled Boot for 1.00 J Oil Crain, Whole Stock Boot for 1.00 l
Hats

Shirts
i
*
Ladies,
Try our Glove Grain Working Boot, solid leather
Our School Boots
For Boys and Girls are the best on the market.
;

f.
$1.00
Boots :
# e
We have the best and cheapest lines of Men’s and Women’s Feetware ever shown in Shawville
Our ladies’ laced dongola for SI.OO marvel of beauty and cheapness. Our ladies’ dongola, both laced and buttoned, at 12.25 are equal to any $2.50 boots in tho market to-day, We have a jim dandy line of men’s and boys’ medium (coarse fine) at $1.00 and 00 cents, which are wonderful goods for the money.
ALF. R. McGUIRE,
The Tailor.
THE SHAWVILLE BOOT & SHOE STORE,
M. STEWART.
J
?
The Barondale Veterinary IVjedicines.
Tenders For Milk Drawing.

i

v
i
9
QTTAW«, NORTHERN i WESTERN
Hats :
1 V

Thr Director* of the Lily t-heeae and Butt#*, Co., call for teivlt-r* addressed to the Secretary marked “ Tender for the Drawing of Milk, on the fj.lowlng
routes :

AND
Young men want new goods, and in buying
your Spring Hats from us you can be satisfied that they are new 1902 styles and make. Beautiful lines of fur goods at $1,00, $1.25 and $1.50.
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION F(YS.
No. 1.—Starting from Henry Armstrong#*, bv John AnnKtrong’» and ending at Mm.1 (jaldwell's. «Widow).
No. 2-Starting from Ben Hyne*, bv Geo.
Walsh’s and ending at Falloon Com gnu «.
No. 3. -Starting from lieu ben Draper’*,by James Warren’* and around Town Line by Geo. Hodgin* and ending at Win.
N^*4.-<Starting from Wm. Sheppard’s or Frank McKee’* by Wm. Findley sand ending at K. T. Brownlee’s.
No. 5.- Starting from Kdinund Barton s and ending at H. T. McDowells, same
as formerly.	_#1	.	.
No. f..-Starting from Silas Armstrong’* ending at factory including It. W. Hod cms.Jobn F. Dale and Wm. Corrigan.
No. 7.-Starting from Wrn. Corrigan s by
1). McLaren# Lewis Hodgins"and ending at Wm. McDowell’s.
No a-Starting at John Elliotts by Cole
—Hayes* and ending at Charlie Fraser’s.
—The plan of each route, and number of ¦¦ expected, can be had from the Sec Tenders to be received up to Friday April 4th, 1902, and to specify by
10t! P<ru:uIs °n,y- H. A. HODGINS,
Secretary L. C. & H. Co.
After Using
Before Using
New is the time to purchase a box of the Barcndale Condition Powders.
Animals this in of the year require something to purify the blood, remove the old coat of hair, restore the appetite and put him in a healthy tondit,on for the Soring work. Our condition medicines is highly endorsed, by all who use it Me have many testimonials testifying to its good results. Once tried, always used.
EASTER HOLIDAYS.
(ikm hal Public will bv sold to all stations at one single first class fare, good going March 27th, 28th, 29th, and 31st, good returning not later than April 1st 1902.
School Vacation.—Tcachsr* of schools and pupils on presentation of certificate, one single first class fare and one-third for round trip, good going March 21st to 29th. inclusive, and returning not later than April 8th, 1902.
Round trip tickets
Shirts :
... M-Imonial.— About as had a case of heaven as ever developed in a liorse, developed fn one brought to ray stable recently. 1 was in n great wav to cure him if possible, h it so bad was it I had very little hope of doing anything dor It Tbk Bajonpali: IIkave ( ukm recoumiendf-J to ido timi 1 procured a botllt** * Kr*' ? i! ' two dw<< one in the evening and one in the morning. and after that I detied anv person to detect the least defect In bis breathing. As a proof of its good effect. I cht Mir that this horse was afterwards sold to a Gipsey- the best of judges of horses-who UV>r driving him considerably, on a warm dw.laiM U» bjb th® least . ipn of a defective w tud.	* ours truly, JOHN BFRKL. Ottawa.
For sale at-
0Hears Bn» , Bryeor ;
T. A 0. Hcusseau’s, Campbells Bey ;
J. £. Cahill’s, Calumet Wand ;
We have the best stock of Fancy Shirts in
town. The nicest and newest things in starched fronts and zephrys. Beautiful shirts at 50c., better for 75c., and our best for $1.00. All sizes from 14 to
ml
P.W. RESSEMAN,
Cen. Pass- Agent
161.
J. F. CrofiauX, ladumtth. Silas Toute s, Starts Comers.
W. N. Lucas', Cade* '
Wm. Hearts, Otter lake ;
Drug Store, Shawville ;
HONG KEE, F HOGGINS & SON
cans retarv
Mr*. Moorhead, of Danford Lake, was the guest of Mrs. Mr*. W. J. Stark last-week.
Quite a numl»er uf young }>eople is gambled at Mr. S Young’s on Thursday evening of last week and spent an enjoy able time.
Mr. R. W. Hudgins, of Shawville, spent Saturday afternoon here.
Miss Minnie Hades, of Radford, spent last week here the guest of her sister, Mrs. Wellington Smith.
The annual meeting of the ehai «holders and patrons of the V. C. & B. Company held here last Saturday, came off very successfully. The company intends to have the factory commence operations on May 19th.	Jemima.
Thomby
¦
CHINESE LUIPHY,
Ladies and genus keep up your courage hs 1 am Vaccination and will let you hear from uie later on.
The men of this locality are busy just hauling logs to Rueckwaid’s mill at
Next door to Mia* A. McRae's
Green La\e
Cheese Factory,
Main Street, - Shawville-, fv
now
Ladysmith.
W. K. must mean business so manv trips to Shawville. |	1 |
Tom should request- the road master to remove that stump, which is .»r. obstacle
to driving.
Dr. Lyon paie by Tuesday last.
Miss Lever, teacher of No 2 school called home suddenly by the death
j Laundry work of all kinds done in lirst class style.
in mam mg
Selling Out I
i1
A meeting of Green Lake Cheese factory Shareholders will be held in No. 10 School on Saturday, April p. at which meeting tenders will be received for clapboarding factory, for drawing milk on different routes and for Secretary.
Sise of factory 58£ x 22 x IS.
The lowest or any tenders not necessarily
aCrePBy Order, T. E. ARMSTRONG, Shawville, March 19.
NOTICE.
id a hying visit to Thorn
I hereby forbid any person passing or leasing the mill the Ragged Chute settled. Any person doing either of the above acts will be prosecuted.
WILLIAM KEELER.
frein ires-property nt until my claim is
was
of her father.
We can beat Elmside at the matter of owl shooting. One recently captured here measured 6 feet from from tip to tip and looked like its	Daddib.
Come in for Bargains
in all lines.
Everything Must Co !
We Mean Business !
Bristol, March 14.1902.
ShawviUe Council
mg go to hi in, not to other people,—talk with him, if a sensible man he will re ceive you kindly. Hear no tittle-tattle about your pastor. Send, and promptly, the gosfliper to the right about* Watch to see what the pastor’s plans are and heartily support by your presence and talent bis efforts. Do not simply stand round and “ look on. "
If compelled to remain away from a send a substitute. Do not complain that your pastor does not 44 draw " large congregations. What are you doing to 14 draw outsiders to God's house and cause? At the concert, lecture or teameeting a dozen or more will go about inviting and selling tickets and a united effort fills the tables or hall. Sometimes you say 41 I am tired selling tickets, its hard work. " Well go out and simply cheerful invitation to the public and heai the gospel. Say and continue the invitation :
r is a great r be multi-
Public Notice.
Minutes of special session of the Municipal Council of the Municipality of Shawville, held on Wednesday, March 14th, 1902.
Present : Mr Mayor, Arthur Smiley; G F Hudgins, George Hynes, J A Cowan.
Miuutes of last meeting were read, and on motion of Coun Hynes, sec by Coun Cowan, adopted.
Moved by Coun Hedging, sec by Coun Cowan, that the bills of Geo Hynes for chairs, amounting to $7 60, and the bill of the Legal Blank Printing Co. for $3 15 be paid—Carried.
Moved by Coun Cowan, see by Coun Hynes, that the next regular meeting of Council be held on the second Monday in April (the I4th) to examine and m ike corrections in the Voters' List.—Carried.
Moved by Coun Hudgins, sec by Coun Cowan, that Alexander McDonald be appointed a member of the Board of Health, to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of Mr Edward Hudgins. - Carried.
A complaint having been laid before the Council by Samuel Armstrong, that the filth and refuse of the slaughter house is being deposited in the creek emptying into the Mill Pond, It was moved by Coun Hodgins, sec by Coun Hynes, that tho board of health be notified at once to make investigation and report to the Mayor. — Carried.
from Shawville back home again.	Moved by Coun Hynes, sec by Coun
Mr. Young’» companion (The Beacon) Qowan, that Robest Dale and Robert will soon be starting on a journey to the	appointed Pound keepers.—
Buckeye State.	Carried.
W. J. Starke is the owner of a lovely Moved by Coun Cowan, sec by Coun span of Bays with wl ite stockings	Hynes, that this Council do now adjourn.
Poet Pink. -Gained.
Starke 6 Corner
All parties in arrears for taxes in the Municipality of Shawville, are hereby requested to settle at once with the undersigned. Interest and costs will be charged from this date.
By Order, W. W. IRELAND,
Sec.-Treasurer.
March 17.—Times are very dull here at present on account of the bad roads.
Miss Flora Reid, of Austin, is the guest of the Misses Fulford’s.
Our assistant Postmaster thinks he is
quite smart lately.
Miss I va Drspper, of Youngsto Ohio, is the guest of Mrs. John 1
service
wn,
Public Notice.
Ful
ARMSTRONG BROS
ford
W. J. Starke is giving away his farm on shares for the summer.
George Starke has had the misfortune of getting his foot badly cut.
Mr. J. Cunningham and wife have returned from visiting friends at Smith's
Falls;	, e
Mr. W. Cameron entertained a sleigh
load of young people from Stark’s Corner. Games and music were the chief features of the evening.
Miss Hettie Dean was visiting her parents latt week.
Prospect Lodge is still flourishing. A debate is to l>e delivered on Tuesday
Public Notice Is hereby given, that all Municipal and School Taxes remaining unpaid in the Municipality of Clarendon after the first week in the month of April, shall be collected by the unpleasant! the law directs. You may believe for a fact, as there will be no more fooling with Public Notices. They must be put in force.
Dated atShawvitie, this24 day of March, By Order

LADYSMITH.
way
this
give a to come 41 come '
A single, earnest tactful helpei blessing. But let the numbe plied from the racks of young and old, and then watch and see how the congregations will go. Battles are i:ot won by the soldiers in the shop and on the farm but hy those who arc on the march, in the field and under command ! Be as regular in God’s house and in the means of grace as at business. Let your family see the great value you put upon religion by your fidelity and faithfulness in all your religious duties Walk the same way as you talk in matters religious and you will in this way preach as effectively out of the pulpit as your pastor preaches in the pulpit, and his effort in The pulpit will be mightly supported.
You would not go to the door op the evening of the concert or lecture or entertainment and heg your way in, saving there are enough others who were willing to pay to meet all expenses. No, no, you would be ashamed and have too much self respect for that. Do not in the house of God lx* a 44 one center ” or nod at or fail to see the jdate when tho offering is being taken up, practically saying 44 let the other folk pay for this service, they are willing. " What a condition society would be in to-day without the teaching of the church and the holy and uplifting influences that come to us through the church of God. Help the pastor in their arduous work. —Presbyterian, Methodist, Anglican, Baptist, Lut hem, Catholic,—all Your home is brighter, your business is more stable and prosperous, your country is a better country to live in, the empire of which you are proud to be * part, »« ghty to-day because of the bible,— this Word of God. Read this Word < f God stand by and help the churches in your town or community.—Olieerver
w
H. MATHESON,
Sec.-Treasurer
Public Notice.
Your
evening.
Our dressmaker is kept quite busy now putting down the bars.
Jim Leach is home from Folger.
Appearing!/ yesterday was a lovely day for young ducks as one of our youngsters had considerable trouble to get
Province of Quebec Municipality of Shawville,
To the Inhabitants of the aforesaid Municipality :
Public Notice is hereby given, by XV. W. Ireland the undersigned «Sec. Treasurer of the aforesaid Municipality day the fourteenth day of ¦(¦¦¦I its usual hour, and place of meeting the Municipal Council, will proceed to the examination and correction of the list of persons, having a right to vote at an election, for a member of the Legislative Assemble/ of this Province, prepared by him and now deposited in his office.
Given this twentieth day of March, one thousand nine hundred and two.
W. VV. IRELAND, Sec.-Treasurer.
Wattih
Needs
Cleaning

B

That on Mon-April next, at

X
Pastor and People
The roads here are in a very bad con dit ion at present.
The farmers arc all very busy cutting
wood for the summer.
Mr John Burnish happend with a very bad accident one day last week while drawing a load of wood. The load slipped, and he fell off, tho wood falling
¦ of his legs, from
f
close the relationship of pastor and people. How much need fur united mutual help and co-operation. A pastor cannot work successfully alone. The membership of the church must study 11 how cau we aid our pastor.
No singer or preacher who did not put what is rightly called 41 soul " into his effort would succeed. So must the people rid themsolvcH of selfish aims and purposes and put themselves into the work of God and the church. Let the church do to the pastor as they wish the pastor to do unto them. 1 rust him, Iiav* faith in him. He cannot always be at his best any more than business and professional men There are off days ;md occasion» for all of us, when we a-e
You do not like to
How
Public Notice.
HProvince of Qi Municipality of S Public Notice
uebec baw ville.
Public Notice is hereby given by eland, the undersigned Sec. Ti
If it has rçot been cleaned inside of 18 R|onths.
on him, breaking
which lie is suffering severe pains
Mr James Leitch has returned home from Shirbot I«ake and is visiting friends
here.	,	.	,	.
Blr. and Mm John Cunningham and
me last week
one
ven by W. W. reasurer
BHIHflHBHBBHHtliat the
of persons who appear by the valuation roll of the said municipality now in force, to be entitled to vote at t he election of a member of the Legislative Assembly of the Province aforesaid, has been prepared according to law ; that a duplicate thereof has been lodged In the office of the undersigned, at the disposal and for the information of all parties iotesested.
Given this fourteenth day of March, one thousand nine hundred and two.
W. W. IRELAND, Sec.-Treasurer.
Ireland, the undersigned S of the aforesaid Muncipallty,
rvia{oi
:k. Ou
l? We give all repairs our personal supe
and guarantee satisfaction or your money back of every 10 watches spoiled 9 are spoiled by incompetent watchmakers—not by the wearers.
WHYTE. THE WATCHMAKER - SHAWVILLE.
t
Miss Wharrey returned h visiting friends at Smith's h alls.
Miss Murray and Miss Grant were the goeete of Mr. John Smiley Monday evening.
Mias Draper, from Ohio, is visiUog friend» here.
Mr. Willie Brown has returned home from the woods
n i
not up to the mark be on reasonably critcized neither does he If there are just grounds for fault find
a

