###PAGE###1###

•* m
## * # #
: "
*





THURSDAY, AUGUST 2"
No. 9.—1 Orii Ye Ait.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
1901.
$1.00 a Yeah in Advance,

-f
LOCALS THAT PAY
LOCALS THAT PAY

Great Bale at BtewartX Jjook out tor bargain*.
Patent leather Hoot*, Tan Hoot*, Shut * and Slipper* going at coat «1 Stewart'a.
For the latent ntyle of photon go to I ml
OTTAWA, C Alt ADA.
........fl.W4.MK).
........l.WK.Mf*
........1 ,W0,4W.
Head Ofll' f : .. .. Capital silUwerlVed Capital paid up ..
Full line of school hook», states, |w*n-cil», &e„ ready for school opening ul <î. F. Hod gins'.
DRESSMAKING.- Dressmaking rooms over McDowell & Hod gins' ware room*, opposite the Rank
OF CANADA.
New Fall Goods
lt<at

son
Heard of Dindon :
G. F. Morigins wants n few barn-1* of fanners packed suit pork.
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
- $6,000,000.
Oiiarlks Ma<ikb, Ekq., Preiide.it, Gsorui Hay, ewj., Vice-President.
flow. Cl ko. Bkvmhi, Jr.	Jons Math**, Ioq.
Alei. Kkarek. Bsq., David MaiLahkw, Km*
Dennih lfvRrnv, EuQ
Ma Ri a À. Hodo in*.
Bitttkr Wanted.- U. F. H origin* wants | * be ol<1 100 toi of good fresh butter f«-r which he we will pay the highest price* In cash or trade.
Remember we are «till tukin
hôte* at MIHoN.
If yon want a good pair of boot * or • 1 o, •cheap, go to Stewart s at once.
ff V
Head Ofllce, ¦ Montreal#
General Mentgrr ..	.. MuLkgtr
0*011(111 BURN D. *. KINN1E

Dr. Stack house, Surgeon Dentist, wifi For Sais Vhenp two .Second hand Sin-heat Bryson the first week of each Bogge*, Terms to mu It purchasers, month ; Campbell's Day the second ; Fort	e,n,,N ^KKThH*
Cou longe the third ; and Shaw ville the I The celebrated Kanzas Cattle Flv'Oilfor fourth week.
Brâiv:he*î
IN ONTARIO
Keewâtin. Kemptf-lie,
MilUwa,
Ottawa,
It’s early to talk about Fall and Winter goods, but the mills and wholesale men are rushing them in, and we just want to say at present that we have already received and opened up several large consignments of the newest goods for the coming season.
8EAWIILLE BRANCH,
Lanark.
Parry Mound, Pembroke,
Hat Portage, Winchfwter, do Hack 8t. Renfrew do Rideau Ht. Toronto,
Vankleek Hill, Smith'* Fall*. IN MANITOBA :
Alexandria,
Arnprior,
Aronmor#»,
Bracebrtdga,
Carlatoo
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmer» notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all partsof tbe world.
salent F. Hudgins and Son. Only 15 cents
a quart
Don’tdeéeifi yowselt if >mi arc about, »nvn , , ,,	. .	..	, . .
to purcha*e an enlargement, why not come * , *'	n.:, at this oftr-e, a lady s
where you can get full aw lue for your	.. * n,‘r have it ay paying
money, we guarantee our work and j. • | for this ad\t i sement.
ask you to take it if found unsatisfactory.
H. Imimo.n.
do
Place, Hawkesbur),
BAVINOB BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
10 A.M. TO 3 P.M.
10 A M TO 1 P.M,
K. A.PAI1KBR, Manager.
G. F. Hodgins for anything you You are huit to get it m l at low-
Try
want, est price*
Wlnnfptf
Dauphin
Portage La Prairie.
IN QUEBEC ;
, « 11,
Shawm igafi rail».
A :« nU In Canada, New Ycrk and Chicago-Bank of Montreal.
Agent# In Ht. Paul -M« !ekant* Nat. Hunk.
Agents in London, KLg.—Purr*» Hang Ltd.
AUCTION SALK

In order to clear out the following lines of good*, W. T. Bahl of the ltalaee (Jro eery w ill offer the same by auction on Sat ur fuy evening of till» week t-4th) providing weather is fair
Large quantity of Lamps,
An assort ment of GlA**ware,
Quantity of Overcoats, Pant * and ('a i « KM) tin» of Mixed and Dry Paints and brushes, with other goods.
Bargain hunter» should not m?«» this
I rebute
Fruit of nil kinds oranges, peaches pears, plums, lemons, bananas, hlue-ber ries -now in hto<.k at the Palace Onr try
Shawville.
Montreal
Offick Houit# .
fiATURIV YH . .


Having an office fitted with the latest and most approved dental appliances, Dr. MacOiegor is in a position to render the most effective servie»
Rooms over Rudd's Drugstore, Arnprioi A call solicited.

Do you want something for nothing ?
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.

PH
Try °ur gAKINC POWDER
or BUSTARD.
The lb v. V. 'Vnd le!I whs entertained by the mvtnbvis r f his lato congregation, Lachute, on the occasion of hi* returning f | to take ?;is family fu Khawville. Out* h u mi ml and m to him a* a ta teem, and he w i‘ lie* of aha
The hand hoy* had an enjoyable outing at Nonvay Hay on Friday afternoon.
ale
t Charles, of Winnipeg.
* Messr^# II irry an l Irvine S
Mr. George Morrison, postmaster (jlvngyle, and agent at McKee’s station pn ed away on Friday night last, after a try Vann, ap n ing illness from some form of stomach nil- Mr. J. I!
The town valuator* b-x'm tho wotk revising the roll for the current year.
Preparations are being made to start the building of Mr. I. «I. Caldwell *• proposed hou'-e on Court Street.
liars were presented token of their os-is followed hy the well i f friends.
il
inday here, rose, of If r v
» S
1
!
ment which forbade his taking nonri ment of any substantial nature, Vrcviov
Mr». McWilliams has 2<>rui to Toronto	<'•¦lists: !•• Willi»,,	Rlln.t- wont up to	H»« lute ag^l «entleman Wl not Wn|
to attend the usual millinery openings	Chichester lest wee -	armed with a war*	robust healCi for a < < n-nh i-i.c !• <:.•
and will rciT.rn to Shawvillo for tho fall	rant for the arrest	of a man named-	*»f time, however, and lua iriemU cm	I
irmje	Denis, against whom	information was laid	not fail to no ice (hat ho was grad u...	y
.	as	but certainly breaking up.
¦T	serious injury to one of	was one of the early set tiers of	Bristol
The nun Denis, it seems,	and as such was identified pretty	closely
had ratio r an tmious record, having with those matters which g » to make up previously committed several acts of tho history of the toanshing Mr. John M. II.„l«in» is ororti.u nmv violence f".- whivli he was «ought after neer days. He alto resided for.i numlwrof outbuilding* to replace those destroyed hy hy the legal auth„,itie« of Pembroke, year.nt Port Coulcngc where be carriedc•., the five which demolished Messrs Me- but he «lweye managed to elude capture, «very «ucceseful blacksrnithing business.
Oodio & Hodgins’ factory some weeks and had come to be regarded in that Returning to Brtetiol again he aubseq-
region aa one of thi,se characterw whose ucntly engaged in storek coping at a point arrest it would lie useless to undertake, on the railway known as McKee’s Corners.
A little girl six years old, daughter of Constable Elliott happened to he at Dry- WAH the means of having ü station Mr. R. D. Finnigan, in getting out of an son when Botvin laid the complaint and located at that place. In religion the late old buggy in	which	she	warn	playing last	it was	[imposed	to him that he take the	Mr. Morrison was a Presbyterian,	and in
Friday, had	the	misfortune	to fall and	in	warrant	and pr	>cure the assistance of two	polities an ardent conservative, although
some manner broke ono of her arms above or three other constables, and make an of late yearn he did not take as prominent
effort to run down the much wanted a Pai^ 'n election matters as formerly, transgressor. Our own William, how- ^ he funeral took place on Sunday The Radford Rifle Association have ever declined this proposition, stating afternoon to Norway Bay cenntery and ¦	^
secured a shooting range on the property that w. i	aw ^	w»,» largely attended.	• *”?%. *a* » very	reception
of Mr. H.H. Elliott, Hw P»vt oflot all, he wJKd do so alone. On this	—----------- 1 '\vrf Thursclay evening last at the
18 on the 7th range of Clarendon. The condition he was given the warrant, and	PERSONAL	residence of Mr. Joseph V1 son <>n t.ie
work of fitting up the range has been Htarted on hi„ niission, taking with him a	occasion of the arrival of his son, Mr.
mrnm	mm
. tiïï ™ h‘.	sysztem *•	„,i mï:	.......
Intelligence reached town Monday ere-1 ly protested against this unlooked for Mrs. H. H. Knox and family left here	u"vmLu ,c i , ,
ssssss s =%&%%= arssk&ttir-1 *hm ^
illJiSSSli pf §J
cd. The news came as a thunderbolt learning Ins chief business endeavored to	\	.	Me^rs. James and Fred. Grcenshield
from a clear sky, while the fact itself will w»»™ him that he would not succeed, but 3‘1SS Leî;r!a ,h,(.1"ia8 returned to New pUrpUM. taking in the excursion to Mani necessitate a hustle on the part, of the fhi* <lid nufc discourage him in the least, *ork ,m nd1'^ bit%. accompanied hy tcba for the harvest. We wish them school commissioners, if a principal is to a”d the thought struck him that it would ;Mls h lorencc Lang. I -ie latter has gone . every success.
be engaged in time for the opening next, IA g1**1 to go into the peddling to U8lt lotions at Morristown New Mrs. Jobonnie Smith and children, of month.	" j business himself. Acting on this plan | dersey.	Bryson, were the guests of Mrs. il.
lie took the packs next day and proceed- Mrs. Richard Hodgins (5th) left for ! Richard* <>!!¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ t Dr. Lyon, while in attendance at Mr. cd on to Chichester. Strange to relate, Manitoba on the 8th inat., on an extend- Mis. V»illic Black and his mother C. Dagg s on Saturday afternoon last, met on the road thither he ran against another cd visit to her two daughters and son, paid a visit to friends hero on Tuesday with a most serious accident which will peddler, whose belongings immediately who are now residents of the Prairie Mr. and Mrs. A. Kilgour and Mrs. I likely incapacitate him from professional underwent a change of ownership, and Province.	George Kilg >ur and her two sons, paid j
duties for some	time to come.	The ac	were transferred to a corner of the Con- Mrs.	Gcon'C Wilson, of	Saginaw	a flying visit to fiiends in Y'ann en route i
cident was due	to an effort of	the Dr.	stable’s buggy.	William went on to Chi-	Michigan, is af present	visiting	relations	to Mr W. Horner s, and were accmn-
to stop his mare, which started to run cheater, and deposited at the hotel there m this locality. Mrs, Wilson is a darndi- ' ponied home by Misa M. A. Seaman, away, having been startled by a colt that hm recently acquired possessions for ter of Mr. Win. R. McDowell, and has Mr, Chus Dagg was somewhat better came running	up lx?hind the	buggy	safe-keeping.	Resuming his peddling	not been	here during	the past twenty	on Tuesday nmim ng. We hope it may
Miss Ly«.n, the	Doctor's neice, was in the	operations in	the neigborhood—which |	years.	°	joutin ie so. His sons, Messrs. Willie, of
conveyance at tho time, and in order to hy the way were not very successful, he	____________ Campbell’s Bay, and Charles, of I^idy
save her from injury the Doctor ian out anon found himself at the domicile of	xrnî^TTJ -i nw	sm fcn, were with him on Sunday,
in front of the mare and gvasjied one of ! Deuis—the man he w’as after. Entering	-NUlvlii UINoLiU Vv .	| Miss Millard Hodgins is on the im
the lines intend ng to stop her if possi- the house, William proceeded to undo his	-------- proving list.
life. But in some manner the animal packs with a view to prospective busi- Aug. 16.—Harvesting is all tho rage Quite a number a‘tended the quarterly threw him headlong against tho building ness, but the lady who received him was around here.	°	J meeting held in the Methodist Church
just alongside, and tho result was his | not in a purchasing mood, and despite Mrs. Alexander and Miss McCaffery, Sunday.
scalp was cut from a point directly over all the “peddler's ’ persuasive eloquence, of Bristol, were tho guests of Mre. w! I Mr. E. Ardley and his little daughters Hie right ear,|< 1 iagonal ly across the head to employed in its most seductive form, he Alexander on Thursday.	I Mieses Bella and Annie, of Montreal, are
the right side, and turned hack ward on	could not induce hot to invest a nickel Miss C. J.	McJane*, of Yarm, is	the	visiting with his daughter, Mrs. B.	Ilod-
his neck. The wound thus made w as a	By and by a man entered the room and	guest of her	sister at present, who	has I	gins, for a few days
terrible one, hut very fortunately, an sub-	Elliott recognized his game. Addressing	charge of the school for tho ensuing	Mr. A. Strutt spent Sunday	aith	his
seqeut surgical examination showed, the	the new-comer familiarly, he said :	year.	° I parents here,
skull sustained no serious injury. Be- “Hallo, Mr. Denis, you know mo, Mr. R. Richardson, of Yarm, accom- Our s.hool will be reopened by sides that described the Doctor had one dimq you T	panied by hia sister, Miss L. R Rich* I teacher, Miss M. Mathcson.
ankle pretty Ixully hurt, as the result he tt, ,h:nL .	rvi>1:.1(l thv formnr ardson, of Shaw ville, were in our section Mias GertruJe McJanet is away on a
flunks of the animal having stepped up-	„* n , W.1V	on Wednesday, and she has a class of week's vi^it to her sister, Mrs. R. D.
on it. A messenger was immediately “Of emurse ul ‘c“Pupils down here taking music lessons. Lietch, of Parkman. despatched to town for one of the other Mme 18	,* il,hi hax® a war1rant fuJ* Prayer meeting washoldinthe Union Hall Rev. Mr. Charters held the 3 o'clock
medical men, and Dr. McKinley drove your arrest. 1 want you to understand j	evening hy Mr. Daye, and on service at Yarm School. Sunday, .hid
out te Mr. Dagg’s and attended to his that you are my prwouer in the Kings Thursday evening I y Mr. George Ar- Rov. Mr. Flynn evening service confrere's injuries. It required fourteen name, and if you attempt to get more than ^ftage.	I wonder who the young couple were
stitches to hold the scalp in position, and five foot away liom me until we reach Dry- Mr. T. Ebbs and her two sons, Mess* who drove to Thorne and Staikes Corn-while tliis rather lenghty operation was *'"< } wW give youtj.e whole oimlente -Tom and Eddie, and her làtle daugfiSr | ers Sunday.
m progress tho veteran medico with- «»f this showi ig ns lovoUer, Bu if Miss Annie, of OtUwa, are the guestsof Miss J. & McJanet left Tiue^ lay for stood the ordeal with tho stoicism of a >’<)U beliatc light use you white.	her brother, Mr. Tom Major, at prient, her school in North <>uslow, and I guess ’
Aiteran of the battlefield. After the	Denis realized that the	game was up	Miss Jennie Wuokty, ot MuiitrAl, is eome of theyoung folks will	misa her and j
wound was dressed the Doctor was driven	with lem, and wl'iout making any fuss	home on a visit to her parents	here. the dapple greys.
home to Mfiawville, and put to lied consented to go as soon as he had cliang Miss Lydii Major, of Montreal, spent Rumor has it wo are going te have a Durtog evening numerous $rmpa- ed his clothes. Elliott accomi«mied his a few weeks with her parents and return- coupler of weddings pçetty soon. I hope thisers cilied to see ifem and were glad to man amend from room to ro<*n until the ed on the 13th to resume her dutiei. they will invite their fiiends. note that, while he had a very miracul- change was effected, and then started	Miss Minerva Woolney has gone to *	tiLKMiNT.
ous escape from being killed, he had bus Bryson ward with the whole outfit. He Montreal to spend the fall and winter
taiued no internal injuries, and was in n arrived at his destination on Tlmisday months.	I	Cojaol cf Wincheater are layimg
less critic*! condition than was feared niglt and delivered up his cargo -Denis Mr. and Mrs. Wm. Hayes and family granolithic sidewalk# and the copora-ion when intelligence of the accident reach-	to the care <»f the bhenff,	and the jicd-	have our deepest sympathy in	their tad,! a ad the property owners each	pay	fifty
6(1 town-	her s k.ifcs to IU-vortueColl	r Richie. |	boroav . m n the death of	their eon]per ;t-nt
A splendid premium with every package -selling like hot cakes. Buy quick if you want ’em.
is
Pansy
\

OTTER LAKE
July 20.-Mr. II. H. Scaffom and M
Maggie kft f -r Massey on Tuesday.
Mr. and Mi h. W. O. S Shawv.Uti M
Mr. Fred. Way, Pic-: anuck Road, wall ere on Monday.
Mr. Ben. Smith, of Hud'1er fluid, was dow n on Saturday.
Mr. Dominique Leg.tult, son of Mr. Narclse Legault, of Clapham, was married last Tuesday in Vinton to Misa Matilda Dagenai.% daughter of Mr. Joseph Dage-nais, of Leslie. The ceremony was performed hy Rev. Fr. Ferrier, and in the evening a large number of their friends went to meet the happy couple on their home coming, uud conveyed their fuflhre residence, and all spent a good old time.
Mrs. George Findley had on
f ln-r
little fingers very nearly severed from her I pavin'*« .	^
hand by accidentally falling down the cellar stairs a few days ago
iiiiiii wur
in tlioHo pi
Ceqts’ Furnishings
ago
A full range of Newest Goods for the very sweflest boys

them to
the wrist
• -r> "
‘1
« »
:


4000 pi»
t. i i vtf Thursday evening residence of Mr. Jose oh VV
j
H. SHAW
P. S. old hats new.
Straw Hat Enamel— all colors. Makes

YARM NOTES
School
Books !
—• o—o—o-o—
We keep Everything Necessary for School.
o— 0—o—o— o
All the Authorized School Books kept constantly in stock, and the pretty line
BOOKS SLATES,
PENCILS
SCHOOL BAGS, NOTE BOOKS, &c.,
which we are showing goes a long way towards putting the children in good humor for studying.
of
PENS & INK, SCRIBBLERS, PENCIL BOXES
;
)
t
out for
2
\N e treat nil alike, so that little unes do not need a grown person to come along with them in order to get .. .. BOTTOM PRICES.
THE DRUG STORE
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
»
Fountain Pens.

f
1




###PAGE###2###

Mr;:,52 Z 5 S AUSTRALIA’S FIRST BATS
spi'Mtl imtil hito m > I'* Ids# Dhd 1 sidcH the ground la not ruined by being hauled over while it i» «oft.
thriving nation. Tho tale of the sudden rlmo te beautiful,y epitomized —its needs and destiny wore given form and utterance In the career of tho first Australlan-boro groat man, the squatter statesman, Wentworth.
*J* •*«	*J* »î» V *•*
I
fui of lemon Juice. Spree 1 evenly over the pie and stand in a
oven
golden brown glaze ; this will require twenty minutes, as a meringue re-2ft I quires slow drying.
*************
Ÿ
until it becomes firm, with a
• •
I ON THE FARM.|
?I»	V
SAFEGUARDS
%
THR COUNTRY BEGAN WITH A
BAD NAME.
It Wm Looked Upon »» the Bar-renest Land on the ITace of
the Globe.
HOME.

o
BRITISH SEAMEN.
GREAT CITY TASKS
*

WONDERFUL RECORDS.
************
New
Many Municipalities Busy With Extensive Enterprises.
Scheme on Foot to Raise a
Style of Sailor.
In Denmark, when eggs arc hipped
to the
of oach
It Is in vain to look for anything sublime In tho story of the colonization of Australia. It had no i'*l-grlm Fathers, no Plains of Abraham, there was, at starting, neither loo* nor revenue to be drawn from it. In its native, unexploited condition It reckoned the barronest nml inhospitable country under heaven ; it lay for a couple of centurie» known but unclaimed Tho hoisting of tho ensign at Botany Bay m 1769 by Captain Cook was more a matter of racial acquisitiveness than anything cine ; Australia lay tenanted till 1788. when it was put into requisition as a convict mu* lion.
Thenceforward, says Mr. II M livable, it was more the splendid obj stlnacy of the squatter than any far-seeing spirit, of enterprise that proved Australia tho finest, pastoral land in the world. The father of great breed of floe km asters to rise in tho new cour try "as a Captain Mncarthur, who, dimly foreseeing great things, canto home in 1803, quite hi the mo lari manner, to float a pastoral company.
cordially backed in his enter-
tv ho
FACTS ABOUT BAKING
Tho question of tho ex tensive employment of foreigners 0,1 British mercantile vessels has,
DO verni years past, attracted considerable attention.
Com lets Who 1 tve Been Given
Long Sentences.
In no previous period of the world's history have so many cities been busy at tho sumo time with extensive and costly enterprises. Tho dully reader of tho news of nil countries cannot fall to have noticed that tho closing years of tba nineteenth century and tho opening year of the twentieth have been marked by the beginning or the continuance of municipal undertakings tho total cost of which will Amount to hundreds of millions of dollars. In London and Paris and In other car liais of Europe local railways, underground and on tho surface, are In course of construction or will be begun ot an early date. The tendency to improve the facilities for local transportation is widespread and seems now to have become irresistible in many quarters. Progressive communities with ample resources and conspicuous* for population and advancement are on tori upon notable tasks for the benefit their citizens and of strangers within their gates.
Rapid transit Is a watch-word and a rallying cry both in tho eastern and western hemispheres, and armies of wage-earners arc toiling in subelevated railroads and on
on the co-operative principle English market, tho product farm is marked with a rubier tamp of identification, and the egg* of each individual farmer can thus be traced right hack to tho point- Of production. By this mean» ftnv tempt on the part of the humor to palm oil stale or bad eggs is ripped in tho bud. In fact the farmer would not attempt anything so foolhardy, us he well knows that his guilt would bo brought homo t manner that would admit of no argument. In this way, by a «Impls safeguard the Danish farmer Is guarded against himself, his business prospers and ho has won the reputation of furnishing tho best eggs put on tho British market Last year th.9 egg business of Canada suffered seriously by a number of shipments into which some disreputable farmers had succeeded in placing a few
dozen bad eggs. ¦¦¦¦ ceivod their price, but the whole Canadian egg trade suffered. Had tho Danish precaution been taken, those eggs would have been returned and tho dishonest farmers would
board
Many old housekeepers wonder why ft w impossible notwithstanding all their care, to make nowadays a loaf of bread that will taste tho same as in the good old days of their youth. They do not pause to consider that the grinding of flour is accomplished no more by those crude old methods
for
One of the convicts who recently made a daring escape from Dartmoor Prison, England, where he was undergoing a sentence of live years, boasts the extraordinary distinction of being but twenty-seven years of
ss.	--* ’=
soon as ground. It had no time to An Qven ,nolti extraordinary record deteriorate, lose flavor and become, u	hold bv tt French convict,
when baked a tasteless food, us it is who hftg thrlvo been condemned to found in the bread baked to-day. | (lcath and ig now in a French penal That sweet, nutty flavor has quite 8ettlomcnt> >\hen quite a youth, in disappeared with all the modern me- a llt oi ja8Sioni this terrible man thods of milling, while flour is often nmrdered his mother, for which lie stored for months waiting a rise in value. With home-made bread pastries, we are sure of no adulterants to make it white, or, at same time, to lighten its texture. prisonment Bread should be made and baked ^ |lftd undergone only eight years, in small loaves as the heat pene-, nud within a twelvemonth ho was trates better, and to the very center ngttin tried for murder, this time for in a way to bake thoroughly every stabbing a follow workman of whom part. A great deal of crust is form- was jealous.
ed, to be sure, but this is starch Again he was condemned to be expart iallv digested—-for the outside or Vcutccl, but certain facts which tender us t of bread being converted by the ed to show that he had been greatly heat into dextrin, requires but little irritated by his victim were brought on the part of the digestive to light, and the penalty was reduc-rans to render it in a condition to ed to fifteen years’ incarceration. He •it	up by the circula-' was set free after only twelve yours,
iion One of tW. most pronounced when he was thirty-six. Before no
mmmam
Ttf Imprisonment for the rest of his
.... and some degree
of pressure hus recently boon brought to boar on tho Government with t o view of securing an inquiry into the
SSUSE'-.-VSsS
sti rÆ
Lords the other day ns a veiy In terestlng experiment adopted by
1„ pursuance of this scheme placards nre now being posted up m the
EFS'fSz’ic
SSa-wga 5
ErCr z
both to take kindly to sea life, mid to be move tractable than the ordinary town boy. Lads of tho street a mb or reformatory school t> P» will not be taken at nil. inasmuch os they could not be subjected on board mercantile ships to the same degree of discipline us would bo possible in
the royal navy.
Tho shipowners arc gi'iiig a hearty support to the scheme, on hope the eltect will be to raise up an improved type of British seamen,
there will soon no longer reason for preferring tho
at-
was
him in a
un-
But the
ordered to bo executed or| aut hoi mes, taking into coneidera-
coinmuted
W.lS
lion his extreme youth, the penalty to one of ten years’ imJ
lie was liberated after
the
the
3
that was
The farmers re-
be-
lle
have been
was
prise by Sir Joseph Banks had sailed with Cook ; ho tried to raise a modest £20,0(H), and failed. After infinite badgering of the stupid powers that wore, he wrung from them a small concession ot load, and returned alone. He was humanly alone, that is ; but in a fowg wool led merino owes and rams that he importcd about that ' »ui( BU
date
TAUGHT A LESSON
where it would bo most effective in their pockets—where unfortunately a good many keep their consciences, rhoro are, however, oilier causes than dishonesty for had eggs particularly in hot weather, with which
should be acquainted.
ways, on
tho street level in dozens and scores ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ places
But the principal cities of
effort
of well-known abroad
the globe are concerned with other great works than those which will effect the swift distribution of hosts
Schemes for the con-
li ne-
uf passengers
st ruction of new docks and piers on
for tho
every farmer
Ilia ignorance of these causes will us far as the general trade is cemed, produce the same results os dishonesty, and it is as necessary to guard against the on«*n* against the other. As one black sheep is Rnid to affect a flock, so one farmer cither through ignorance or dishonesty affect the trade of a whole province, or indeed of the Dominion. The most effective remedy is to guarantee tho whole output. No honest farmer would refuse to mu ko good the loss sustained through 1rs fault by the dealer to whom he had sold
and the O'.Te would b#
decrease in
ra-
the most ambitious scale, deepening and broadening of harbor channels and for the opening of wid-. :j of commerce and trade in tho best-known ports of various countries arc more numerous and are planned on more generous lines than in any former era. And the provision of more abundant supplies of water for cities which consume huge quantities is drawing millions upon millions of dollars from municipal treasuries in tho United States and in other countries.
con-
thoritie.1 differ us to tho pi —ho carried tho
vi
crust.
There ere
ing bread to see if it is done, to tell is, if it cleaves to
numerous ways of test-
One life
or avenues
An Italian was sentenced by the
mm
moisture driven out. it cun readily ‘	‘ ,ld(jvd up wns found to to-
be held and will be light in weight, ^ no u,as Ulan jgy years' imprison-ns well. When taken from the oxen " with ,mn| la|.or As the poult should be tipped on its side on the	wen, llot ordered to run con-
moulding board and left to root, and ‘ tlv t)u, man is pretty certain should not be put away in the bread ^ v Uon unllrss some extreme can until it is perfectly cooled. Many	clemency is shown him.
housekeepers make this mistake as well as covering it over with a towel mid then wonder why their
SEED OF MANY FORTUNES
the
wav
the
Ho was faced on landing with historic d under headed ness of Bligh, then Governor of New South Wales, who said, when he heard of the Mac-art hur concession,
000 acres of the finest land in country, but you shan't keep it Keep it, however, Macnrthur did. and in his fight to hold it there was a foreshadowing of the future supremacy of the squatter.
Turned from outlaw to crown lessee, the squatter’s primal cli.tract vi -1stics always clung to him ; ho al-war headed tho slow paftouuiry <>f settlement ; it was he, invariably, who met and turned the rough edge of unmitigated nature ; ho supplied or inspired the daring and endurance
that were called for in the opening up of the now continent. Out of the squatter's needs, whether for expansion outward to fresh pastures, or for tho maintenance of lus stock-
may
and that bo the same foreigner.
TO LENGTHEN LIFE'S SPAN
You’ve got .V
the
• ••
Moderation in All Things the Best
Aid.
Moderation in all things and a sufficiency of work, these, according to a prominent Beilin physician. I'rofes-Cierlmrdt. are the greatest aids to the attainment of old age.
Professor Oorhardt lately gave interesting public lecture on the duration of the life of human beings. The more universal application of
measures in recent times said the lecturer, had a great
his eggs,	__
that there would bo a ¦ ¦ the number of bad eggs, ai d an in-of conlidenco on the part of
CATCHING COLD.
crease the buyers.
THE ENGLISH MARKET is our Mecca for eggs as it is for our dairy and pork products, and thero is no market in the world that has so high a standard. To obtain a foothold in it, quality must bo indisputable. It must bo the best that, can be produced, and it must bo uniformly so. A foothola onco obtained can be maintained only m the face of the keenest competition, and may be lost by one blunder. It is, therefore, of the utmost importance that, every sMeguwrd sbpuld bo thrown around our exports, not only in eggs, but of all other products. Tho only effective safeguard is n liberal application of the good old doctrine of individual responsibility. That principle rigidly enforced will develop a reliable export trade that can bo maintained in the face of the world's keenest comi>ctition.
sor
It Is Done Verv Often Through thi
Hands.
workhouse who, in tho
There recently died tn a . infirmary an old woman
,	„	, ,	1 course of ft long life, had b *n con-
becomes musty and moudly be lore vic(od of drunkenness no fewer than being half consumed.	;$75 time8< she had been fined nearNothing is absolutely free from ].	150 timcs, and had spent more
moisture, and while the baking ami ^ban njn0 years of her lifo in prison cooling off process of bread evapor-, ()n nQ fcwer than forty occasions she ate much of tho water contained Wftg arrC8ted and charged with
therein, still enough must necessarily drunkenness within a few hours of
remain to do some damage, if ever being liberated from prison, to which light. And in the covering up of gbe had been committed for that very loagfia. on tlie moulding board, when i ‘offcnce. iijm from the oyen, mucK harm \*â (iftnc ns the crust becomes moist an# remains damp even when "put away for use, and if not eaten quickly, mold soon renders it unpalatable.
To obtain good results in baking, us in all other affairs of life, too much - * and attention cannot be given
nil
one of those
Catching
things that is not confined to any » season; wo expect them more in win- ¦ ter, but colds come quite as easily in summer when you have a hot sun ¦ and a cold wind. We all desire to ¦ learn how we can prevent colds, and W the statement of a physician that E ... catch cold very often through m hands naturally commands our ¦?
bread
hygienic has,
influence in decreasing the death rate.
Many factors are, however, still at work reducing the length of life of human beings, an important one being the inheritance of such diseases | run, or for tuberculosis, though the worst ef-the duration of human life produced by certain contagions | between him and diseases. Professor tierhardt gave, kets and* bases#	, A . . ..
i( ns his opinion that the danger of these grew all the purely Austro.lun inheriting cancer is not so great as types of workers <m the soil the public usually believes.	j For the greater part the founding
Speaking of general causes, he j and forming of squat t tiges wm restated that fewer persons lose their complished in the teeth of grudging health through overwork than from | nature, and culled more for men of the enjoyment of tho good things of g,.,t than glory. It is true that -lifo. Of all the followers of the moro particularly in the early times, learned professions, the evangelical— before the convict stain had been the term is here used in contradis- 0bliteratcd-the bushranger» mam-Unction to the Homan Catholic— Gained at times a reign of tevroi clergyman has the greatest prospect &nd ^ Is also eminently true that in of long life, proving the advantage j tho taleg of the Australian land ex-The production of the bacon hog of pariy marriage.	plorers, from Oxley to Burke and them Warm!
has been a very profitable under- Alcohol and tobacco are poisons.( Wi„ge there is as fine a record of Another idea concerning tho catchtaking to tho farmer of late, in and their use is therefore to be con- j,|uck a8 the annals of the raco can j co|d that salt—the ordinary spite of tho fact that "soft po:	is	dcnined, as calculated to shorten life, g|low <_)n these the Austral rowdies	that we buy and cut with an
sometimes tho result of his work. but statistics have shown that a mo-j und heroes popular imagination loves, or boil wilit vegetables, not the Many people differ as to their me- dcrate use of tobacco docs not have | to dwell ulld concerning them It has gftlt natUrally in vegetables—is an ir-thods of feeding. An Irish contcm- scrious effects. Affluence, with plen- been fed liberally with song ami | ritant, and sets up the conditions porary comes out us follows on the Qf work, is an excellent thing, hut 8^ory	the men who bore the
feeding of bacon hogs :	affluence, combined with ease, cur- brunt of tbe war that made an Au' When being finished for tho mar- tails life.	! glo-Saxon province of Australis were
ket, bacon pigs should be fed pi n	-o- the squatters.	HOW SHE CURED HIM
îsursrvx isu ™ «>»- «« «u.»«.	zs . j-ayrs:
ssAsas» ssrs	sr.-z zitjvx szs rariejUj
¦**pï
He—I don't know, I am sure, un-, ries- of the squatter s life were de8Cription of an\t h
less it's because fish are rich in phos- plentiful. Comfort-killing,	v~ him.
ohorus.	; destroying Insects in singular pro-
Sho—I don't SCO What that hue to fusion : (Ilea and mosquitos were do with It	perpetual torment : lit® J~
He—Perhaps not. but still its good where, a man was making » nan
to-hand fight of It with Nature at
her rawest and roughest, was ful heavy cares and wearying trilles.
It Is In the population of this naked, rich, inhospitable waste with sheep and cattle that the first mnneo of Australian history lies.
Since the beginning the.	I
lain ns a blank page 1» the Htfltoryi
of tho world ; within the span of a
single century It holds a rich a
we can
our
so
THE LINK OF TRANSPORT
Ma coastward mar-
oh supply—out
as
attention Our blood circulates through our body something like a system of hot water pipes, keeping our «tructurc-houBO of flesh and bone—warm ¦ The most exposed corresponding quan-

fects on
o
are
of
CAN CLEAR A HORSE
our
and comfortable parts receive a
UNow, ou“lhan.ls have a tendency to become very cold, more so than t >e lace; the blood that circulates in the
sets up inflammation, followed >y fer from very cold hands, is—ket p
When brought to bay, the kangaroo jumps like a flash for the hunt's chest and tries to crush it in with his fore feet. To prevent this each man wears across his breast a
thick matting, with a club at-
eare . - ¦	.
EHfèSsîS $$:’	...
swift horses into a herd. With
circus
inch
upon
tho agility and equipoise of riders, they stand erect upon their horses and use their spears and Boiled Whole Wheat.—This is a mo“ dubs. Tho kangaroo is able thud of cooking the whole wheat . c|car OVCr a horse. As
which has been almost lost me ig baggc<l it is skinned,	and
grandmother s lhc Mn -s strctchcd on the ground
wus and pegged down to prevent shrink*	F" flesh furnishes meat for
Each man places his pri-
his booty, and
FOOD RATIONS FOR BACON
PIGS.
THREE GOOD RECIPES.
to
the
grain
sight of since our time. The whole wheat grain used, selecting the new if possible.
This was washed through several waters and cooked like rice, in ajvate mark upon large quantity of water until tender. whvn thoy have 100 apiece they roll was then drained and in the morn- turn baC^ to civilisation. There are intç if desired hot it wus st•Slued	varieties of knng&roos, mil-
over a kettle of hot water or in the	them the blue, red wallaby,
double boiler for about an hour, and bjat.]^ grey, and forester—the latter served with stewed fruit, milk, vt burnishing the best leather, as it
in wooded sections.

Tho
I age the camp
that induce colds
French Rolls.—Scald one and a- W|ien the shipping ports arc reached half pints of milk ; when it is luke- the hunters dispose of the skins by warm add one yeast cake dissolved , auction to the highest bidders, in two tablespoonfuls	of	warm water	skjns being	now in constant demand,
stir in sufficient flour	to make o	Kangaroo	hunters make largo progood batter ; beat	thoroughly ;	flt9 one	man is known to have
cover and stand in	n	warm Pl*<*	cleared $1.500 free of living expense
until very light (about two hours) ; jn a single year. _
now add another half pint of milk that has been scalded, and is lukewarm and a teaspoontul of salt. Rut. two tablespoonfuls of butter into .t pint of flour, and stir this in ; then go on adding flour until you have a
**
be made before the that you are run down.
sev-
the
hir
o
WHEN YOU SHIVER
salad1
You have sometimes been surprised
• o fe -l a liver i i through . i 111 ^¦¦¦weather and you don't
Your friends have in-chocrful smile
wh
for use
as
minutes
labelled. i placarded. 1 card marked Olives^
were was
experience is very,
HAUL MANURE AS IT IS MADE.
I like to haul the manure to the
it is made, and
thereafter
imagine
as
ever I can. Lut year J cox ero.l a
¦

ont
A PARADISE
fillings
mim
Stir the cornstarch into
‘ cook until clear, then i is no loud bawling of hawkers, and a '	- - When I man whose waggon gearing is loose
and rattling is subject to a fine. The courts have a large discretion as to fines for noise-making. Best of all, to many minds, are the regulations concerning piano playing. Before a certain hour in tho day, and after a certain hour at night, the piano must be silent.'*
"To people who suffer from 'nerves’ Berlin should be a paradise, for there is no other city so quiet," remarks a traveller limits railway engines are not permitted to blow their whistles. There
. sn s. S3 rusr
aw
disturbed over the prospect,
"Within the city
spoonful of eold water, the hot water
for making matches
»
DOMESTIC JOYS.
Meeks—My wife prefers coffee for breakfast and i prefer tea.
Weeks—Then I suppose you have
both?
Meeks—Oh, no. We compromise. Weeks—In whnt way? llecks—We compromise on coffee.

Fill
USti
l.ottoi I Ua o found
lie in an open : part to leach away.
i


###PAGE###3###
)

P
(


» •*
A
3
•>•>£? ••• ? ??>	•!• •>•> *X* •> <• *î«> •><•$ <• •>?•!? <• >
•K

"fîeneroue and disinterested creature, it in am you suppose; our salarie» nro good, more than sufficient Ÿ I ,or present needs, But what wc V wuni &# to make our fortunes."
5* I MAht strange wiah !M


HIS
ïho Untimely End of
Joseph Oovao.
| ILL-GOTTEN Î
! WEALTH. 4
>	“Which wo aro certain to do
>	taking the Roscius. The lease and ;• I management have boon Ou«*red to us
on most advantageous terms. All wo want is 6,0001.”
“Dear me! no more ?"
“And that wo want Mr. Waldo to lend us from the bank.'*
“You must be mad to ask much a thing. Do you suppose Mr. Waldo Is made of money, that ho can squander it on every silly, ridiculous scheme? of course, It is out of the question
I said you would never agree. Bcnjy thought differently. But then n , bo said if you refused he would raise
Seldom indeed I Uie mon°y from thy Jew* on could he shut out the unceasing din Ht,:cng.lh of„bcing brother-in-law to of the fiddles; but this Inst night tho n. lmni£,cr- IIow would the bank like banker was kept nwnko by what hud	7, ,
occurred at tile bank. Poor Surtees' . , «^olnr© you aro a most unprin they had been clerks together, had I t p e,d Pair
known each other over ko long, and "You fice, wc are actors, my dear now at tlio end of it all his old ^ century ago wo were denied Chris-friend luid colleague was accused of lian burial. I dare say you would robbing tho bunk. Sleep ! lie had ,iko have us buried alive now. tossed, and tumbled, and groaned 'Vel1* au revoir, Relia, dear. Take tho whole night through, seeking in Iny advice and think over this ; at vain to make excuses for the cashier. tiny rate, you might mention it to
the I yow good man."
And Mrs. Bonostro made her exit
by
x
?
%
%
*+#******<<
? ?? v ? ? ?	‘i* ? < ? •> •> ••• ? <• *x	$ <? •>.>
t
' \
SYNOPSIS OP

PRECEDING butler did not condescend to f IIAVTtiRS.—Securities vanish from un Mr. Waldo; besides, tho head the strong-room of Candolent, Dandy vimt was not yet downstairs. mi<t Waldo, bankers. Mr. Kaako of Scotland Yard in called In to solve tho mystery. There aro two keys to tho strong-room—one held by Mr Waldo, partner, tho other by Mr.
Surtees chief cashier. This latter hits two children, Dob and Josephine. Ho reproaches Hob, who is an extravagant subaltern with pirations to tho hand of Helena Waldo, for having consumed his sister's dowry to pay his gambling debts.
h
wait
"Small and hourly, sir. To the drees rehearsal and afterwards dance


MqTT
a
» #
• »
"Kept up late " Arf after three, weren't disturbed, sir?"
ha
kp

0»
Hope you

Disturbed ! Hu sleepless night.
tho
&

%
ns-
%

3
AW


%
#
s
>
?
CHAPTER III.—Continued
w

'There was no smarter carriage in the park than Mrs. Wc'do's; no toilettes so brilliant or so varied ns those in which mother and daughters appeared in public places, at Sundown, Lords, Goodwood, or Hyde. Quiet folk were continually hearing about tho Waldos. Court other journals—often at mo much per line—chronicled nil doings, their comings their guests and they More. The Waldos turned
everywhere
ESrSfK/B =—! a?** “ — - -
noyancc of tho audience and discom- 1 lituro of tgo actors? The Waldos.
'That select party which sought to monopolise half tho train between fituro of the actors ? The Waldos.
At homo or nhrod, on shore or afloat, in coach or carriage, in their own or other people’s yachts, in the park, at Hurlingham, Lillie Bridge, at the Opera, or a fancy fair in the Albert Hall loud
V
M
i
Tho more he thought over it blacker and the more impossible of
explanation Mr. Sui tee's conduct ap- I wilh much satisfaction peared.	Mrs. Waldo remained in no envi-
llis heart was heavy witliin him ®ble state of mind. But soon she that morning; he ate little or no smoothed tho frowns from her forebreakfast, and it was with none of bead, and wreathed her lips in his customary alacrity that he pro- fleetest smiles to receive Lady pored to start for the City.	Wingspur.
"Anything else I cun do, sir ? " Her ladyship was a bony, angular asked tho footman.	I woman, prematurely grey, with an
unmusical voice, and a supercilious stare. But she was evidently anxious to be agreeable to Mrs. Waldo. She had come expressly, she said, to say that at last tho day for the next Drawing Hoorn had been fixed. Would Mrs. Waldo now make up her
0

• n


I
and
1
*
t heir nnd goings,
tho clothes

Vi
R A
<4
up
-V
/l
KC ktiZfA
V
That steam-launch on
a
X
<

Tr: 4
«3



%
Tho

*1
>

>1
(
Next after Mrs. Waldo, her (laugh-
supreme in Carlton They had everything prêt-
Three loud,
tiges, for which he paid ho largo a sum every year; "or stay, Albert ; I ters reigned I'll walk as fur an Waterloo Place, | Garden», and pick up a 'bus."
THE NEW QUEEN VICTORIA STATUE IN OTTAWA.
will call for you at the bank, to- dramatic powers.	!
day, about four."	"It is my clearest wish that they of me, of Mrs. Bonastrc, the actress
"Very good," replied Mr. Waldo ; should go to Court." said Mrs. Wal- You deserve to bo exposed, Relia, say 1 shall be very pleased to see do, with a sigh. "But--------"	and I'll do it now. 1 didn't think	_
her."	"There need be no difficulty, dear you were so mean."	** ** Sanxc There Would be No Am-
The fact being that the proposed j Mrs. Waldo," observed her ladyship, ; She was moving a little towards	erica to Live Ir..
attention gave him no pleasure at warmly. "If you like I will charge where Lady Wingspur was standing, Everyone who has seen ic«- Ins no-all. lie knew that such an honor myself with the whole affair."	when Mrs. Waldo stopped her.	ticcd that it floats. But why‘since
preceded some extravagant demand Heaven seemed opening its portals "Please, Rina, spare me; at least ice is only water itself frozen1»’ Nim-upon his purse.	| wide for Mrs. Waldo; disclosing with- for to-day, anything rather than ply because when water freezes it exin a vista of State concerts and that."	pands ever so slightlv
""ï,%,y	ofyo»,
of the past and present; and yet | whole of tho Guards, the whole of there is a very close one.	the troops lent by India, about ten
« Supposing ice did not float, what !lne battalions, several batteries of would happen? It would sink to the hors® aml. f,eId artillery, a large bottoms of the rivers and the oceans number of tho new 5s. a day y Bound the heat of summer, even in the malir.v- Engineers, and other depart-tropics would not be sufficient to m?nta.j corps.
I melt it. Winter would come again ,rd ^ tchener has been hard V I and down would go thousands of work of ,ate Planning to bring this Great millions more tons. For instance resu,t uljout- 11 is understood that
I the rivers of Northern Siberia areal- he has evolved a plan whereby
will have 50,000 specially
horsemen
ty much their own way
first appearance, came up to master and said :
always en evidence, pushing, off-handed, rude, wherever people congregated, and it was the right place to go, there tho Waldos were certain to be seen.
It had not been always thus, however. Time was when the Waldos were at the very forit of the social ladder. Thirty years previously Mr.
Waldo had been u simple clerk in I the bank; Mrs. Waldo, a young wi-riow, with bright, hold eyes, which! f he had used with considerable of-, feet upon Mr. Dandy, one of the ' partners. She was the widow of
silly youth of good family, one of *liccs of good ai,d 1,1 fortune tho Wingspurs. whose marriage had first camo to hcr in a scries of acci-eaused a certain scandal at the dents which made her son heir-pretime. Young Wingspur had died consumptive to the Wingspur peerage, wniently soon, leaving his wife a was by no means a rich title, and small fortune. m.d u hanking ac-lthc Lord Wingspur for the time bo-count in Mincing Lane. It was in ,nK Wa# improvident nobleman, this way that she came to know who promptly realized the ntlvan-Mr. Dandy. She had played hcr ; tnges which might accrue from open-cards to win him, and had failed, j ,nK up friendly relations with Wal-Then she came to think more to 1er- do s bank antly of little Waldo
ICE FLOATS
LORD KITCHENER'S PUN
I
HOW HE PROPOSES TO ENP THE WAR IN SOUTH AFRICA.
Mrs. Waldo, in hcr struggle upward to the highest levels, had hcr
WÊÈÈtËÊ^^ÊÊÉÊÊÊÊÊtÊÊÊM'ttiê
that is to
Will Employ 50,000 Specially Selected Horsemen this Summer.
a

no
9 9
rtn\n\
tho
need be no talk of gratitude."
Then she got up to go, but said mortgage on a rotten property and one last word. Like a lady’s post- 8,1 advance to bolster up a doubtful the pushing i script, it was the germ and essence theatrical spéculation.
(To be Continued.)
Her chief cross was
dispositions of her own relatives, | of the whole affair especially her sister, Mrs. Bonastre,
who after a long struggle had gained I in a day or two to sea Mr. Waldo at an excellent position on the provin-1 the bank." fini stage. She had married an net-I <>r who was also a success, and led."
1 much to Mrs. Waldo’s disgust they ’ There is some question about | come to London to push their for- mortgages—on the Scotch estate. I tunes together. Bonastre was an am so stupid about money matters undemonstrative person, but beneath 1 cannot explain; but I believe he
"He’d just do for you,” Mr. Dandy had said with a mocking smile.
' Steady, industrious—one of our most promising young people. Intensely respectable, moreover, and without an idea or an opinion his own. And I never saw a man so smitten. He’d just do for you, I repeat."
hiM.l|’vKhaml°n|ionwas to tiüe” seventh I R cnlm surfnco ran silcnt depths of I wants a re-arrangement-on advance, hoivtm	s£ idnot co^ ! «“J* determination. Mr. Bonastre 11 believe ’’
to Mm empty-handed. Tho few	purpose In coming to Lon- The scales fell from Mrs. Waldo’s
thousands she had of her own seem- 7n', Tlu® f,urflosu was to have a eyes. Tho presentation, then, was a ed to him a colossal fortune ; she1 thvlltrc a*	own ami to make purely commercial transaction after
had her little house, too, and quite	t,or, .i“d‘8I*nsabl«	all !
a fine lot of dlamoiids-some of Uic!,nl 1 w .ted,kr‘iht Lor ”ron6.ly’ Perhaps you will prepare Mr. Wal-Wingspur’s family jewels, she told uP,,n Waldos bank. Mrs^ Bonastre do for Lord Wingspur’s visit. A
him. but which, if the truth must	tlu8hing person with a very | word from you would do so much,"
bo told, were presented to her by f"01 <?|linio,n of lierself-a	a t‘ said Lady Wingspur, blandly.
MOB
"a1nted, ncw the bank in the manner I have just o , with the solid help of some described, Mrs. Waldo awoke from one he could trust. Waldo became a ro8V dreams. After a couple of
pai ncr with a fractional share, hours spent in personal adornment,	,	......
This gradually increased, till, after with lho assistance of Mdlle Fan- !gIee or chorus« Wlth a loud stornp-some ten years labor, Mr. Dandy chettC| n treasure of a French maid, i !ng ?[ fct:t; f<?,Io™d by shvut9 withdrew himself almost entirely whose almost priceless services she 1 l^lghî?,riJ Lady ^ngspur looked at from business, and left Mr. Waldo had only recently secured, she came I M”\ ,Waldo inquiringly, with half profits and a clear income down into her boudoir—a sweet 1	11 8 the girls;theyjre rehearsing,
of twenty thousand a year.	room overlooking St. James’s Park, I ^e're to have some theatricals, you
And now Mrs. Waldo began to which no one entered except by Mrs. ku<Vv.' make the money fly. She reveiled in Wnldo's special favor or invitation	!	°h' llow interestmg-Imw amus-
theso riches. It was her only com- she was seated here at a pretty mgî 1 de,,gbt in theatricals pensation, she told herself, for mar- marqueterie writing-table, in high	us	g? in; may J’ do you think ?
rying Waldo, and she meant to make good humor; for she momentarily * May	1	?”
the most of it. Old Waldo degoner- expcCted a visit from Lady Wingated into a kind of financial stoker, gj,urt when Fanchctte appeared, whose only business was to keep the "Mrs. Bonastre, ma’am, you
domestic engines constantly supplied know. Gf the Royal Roscius’’— the I loom, where five figures were dancing with cash. Otherwise he was quite relation was known only in the fa- ft mad break-down, Mrs. Bonastre a cipher in his own house—in it, but ,nj|y circle, and not yet openly uc- j leading as they "walked round,” not of it; less at home there than know lodged in the house—"she is Agatha, Clara, and Helena followed, the meanest of the gangs of guests	most anxious	to see you."	j Last of	all	came	Bob Surtees,	with
by whom it was continually infested.	"Does she know I am at home?" I his face	blacked,	and all were	beat-
Sec him as he slowly cymes down- "Ces jeunes mecs — Mrs. Bonastre ing hands and feet in time as they stairs the morning after the bonds with them—said Madame was chez j »ang the chorus to "Nancy Lee,” had been stolen from the strong- clle.”	! the popular air just then in vogue,
room of the bank. He still retained With a gesture of displeasure Mrs. Every one was too busy at first the habits of his youth; rose with Waldo said the visitor might be ad- ] to notice the entrance of Mrs. Waldo the lark, long before the servants of mitted
Carlton Garden», of whom he was	"My **,”	she began, in a	stiff, I minutes	the	wild	performance	con
rather afraid; had finished his lonely	ungenial way,	"you know I am	al- I tinued.	It	was	not until Lady
breakfast, and was off to the City ways delighted to see you. But if Wingspur, having carefully inspected an hour or more before any of the you could select any time but the everybody through her eyeglass, ladies of the family appeared.	forenoon, especially after	a dance, I	said, "Surely it is Mrs. Bonastre ?
A portly figure, all in decorous,	should greatly prefer it.”	I thought I knew her	face,” that
shiny black, save for the buff waist- "Don’t rate me, Relia, as if I was the latter’s attention was attracted coat and the snowy shirtfront with late for rehearsal or had missed my The dance ceased suddenly. The its frill, walking with an air	that	call. I came on business,	to	see the	Waldo girls came up,	breathless, to
was rather consequential than	dig-	girls rehearse, you know.	I	should	Lady Wingspur to	stammer out,
nified, but with his rosy face fringed not have troubled you only I have "How do you do?” Bob Surtees hid with" white whiskers, high shirt col- something important, particular, to himself behind the door, and Mrs. lars, and stiffly-starched light* tie, say	• Bonastre took in the situation at a|hors?
looking the very essence of solid re-1 Important to me ? ’	glance
•pectability—a typical	City poten-	* Indirectly	ko; that is, if	you have
tale, a man of wealth	and mark,	any si' tci ! v	(»•#•. rr.g. it is	life and
highly esteemed In the east, if not death to us. ’
in the west, end of the town.	Maaey: 1 ^PP0S€ Mr . Waldo
A party last night ?”	he asked of	was like ice.	Are you in	debt ? If
the tootman, who had made his tea,	so, you re much to blame.	I believe
•nd wa3 buttering Ids toast, Tb# your salai ics an- vod. -
I believe Lord Wingspur is going
o
FREAKS OF THE YANGTZE
Mr. Waldo will be highly honor-
ât
Something About the Muddy Hiver of China
The Yangtze, the great muddy I ways frozcn at the bottom, because river of China, is one of the greatest ages ago they Wcre frozen solid and of rivers, and its valley is the most i îlcvcr thaw now except on the
cul-l{nC0-
IH^^^Hon the	HHHHHH
the whole empire in its I w*th i And, as year after yea: went
three thousand mile course to tho I ^n’ the ice caps of the North and
sea. The Yangtze has a different | lSouth Doles would gradually spread
name in almost every province, and j down towards the equator, till all
pours a flood of diluted mud through the seven seas were a mass of ice.
half its valley, tingeing tho ocean for 1 be tropical sun, might, of course,
more than a hundred miles offshore. cover this with a few feet of water
In "China ; the Long-Lived Em- every summer, just as the summer
pire," Mrs. Scidmore describes many Isun docs w*th the Siberian rivers;
interesting features of this most in- |	ocean traffic would be impos-
tcresting stream.	s!b,e* and commerce, the greatest
When the snows melt in Tibet and I e*v‘*‘ser °* the world, would cease to
exist.
he
selected
both from the colonies and from home centers, which he will divide into three corps to operate against the three leading Boer commandoes, hang on to them and never leave them.
These horsemen will be supplied with special transport, and in addition to their provision convoys will
the country
they pass through. In whatever direction the enemy may flee they will be followed up by British mounted troops.
All the routes in the rear of these troops will be followed bv specially PICKED SHARPSHOOTERS and infantry regiments, who wilV form, as it were, a strong rearguard to the cavalry, holding strategic points, and always providing a fresh supply of remounts for use as required.
. ...	..	,	. g'oat All the special South African corps
llizalions of the world, would be will be employed, and several of the as uninhabit le as North Greenland Inside the tropics man might manage to drag out a degraded existence;

bur-
denscl.v populated and closely ti voted	river-basin
It crosses
A few winters would fill
oui rivers

he enabled to
I fear you overrate my influence. Lady Wingspur. But I promise to do all I can.”
The compact wns signed, sealed nnd delivered in these few words Yet both parties to the bargain seemed satisfied, and Lady Wingspur took hcr leave, Mrs. Waldo accompanying her.
As they passed one of the drawing-rooms on the same floor with the boudoir an extraordinary uproar fell upon their ears, a wild sort of
« #
the monsoon pouis its annual flood on the water-shed, the Yangtze rises eighty or one hundred feet at Chungking, seventy or eighty feet at Ichang, and forty or fifty feet at Hank au, sweeping in a fierce flood from June to October, and then falling as rapidly as a foot a clay.
Strange things happen along this "river of fragrant tea-fields” when all the landmarks and boundaries üre
submerged ; some of them match but the scenes of the triumphs of As-I anything from the "Petcrkins,” or syria, Egypt, Rome, Britain and Am-comic opera.	erica would be buried under glaciers
One year t pa ngcr steamer found and Snow-fields and nil because ice itself aground in a rice field far ceased to expand when it froze from the river bank, and the water aml so san^ instead of floating
fast subsiding. The rice-farmer raged, talked of trespass and ground rent, forbade any injury to his property by trench-digging, and finally forced the ship-owners to buy the field as a storage-place for the vessel until the next year's flood should release it. Then the river rose in sudden and unparalleled after-flood, and floated away the impounded ship.
Meanwhile a war-junk, which had
Sle,RenrtJ°r	another	^ure. what might the price of
every portable object, and made ing to milk ft bicycle ¦	|
winter fuel of its timbers.
Meanwhile the temperature of the continents would have gone down enormously, because of the vast ac-cumulath ; of ice The north
birthplace of all the
t
on every side, temperate zone, the
colonial officers who have rendered valuable services in the past are to be asked to take up commands.
So arduous will the operations be that the new Yeomanry to be employed will consist solely of men of tried experience in the earlier portion of the war, and who arc thoroughly seasoned to the work.
The number of fresh cavalry and Yeomanry to be sent from England has not been definitely settled.
There is no question of abandoning any portion of the line of communications.
In addition to strong military guards posted at junctions and strategic points, a complete cordon of infantry sentinels will be placed along all the railway lines, after the system employed on English railways on foggy days, or when royal trains arc hand-signalled to their destination.
of
Do
Mrs. Waldo, in reply, opened the door without ceremony, and the two ladies walked into tho drawing-
A BICYCLE OR. A COW!
An Irish farmer went into an ironmonger’s shop to buy a scythe. Af-I j ter serving him the shopman asked if he would buy a bicycle.
What is that? queried the Irishman. It’s a machine to ride about the
A certain number of men will be allotted to each mile, so that it will be possible for the closest communication to be easily maintained.
Inducements will be offered for the re-enlistment of old and tried of Yeomanry corps now in England, and special arrangements for their
Foliccmnn—Here.	„„	"«
6	£, ZT'T,
» you me _ ... — ISSSS-B-y»BéHHïiTEJr
and Lady Wingspur, and for • some
look
men
i
this
the new neighbors
First rate. The first thing they
So that is your dear friend and I did was to borrow our lawn mower. |	-v—	--o-
Sara srasrKJrad	w «. «... c,™,««««*«.«. mo»,». •
duce me.”	Then they’ll be careful about using	name» after that little boy Watson—Why don’t you	mar-
"No, no,” faltered her sister ; I |t early in the morning or at any next <l<>or° Freddie—Yes, ma. He ried? Two can live cheaper than one "not now. She cannot wait.”	hour when it would attract my at-J ',in r'K, ! twice good as I thought you inow*’
-'.You mean that you are ashamed * ontion unduly.	he could.	'iilson—But how about four.

9 9

II
A
I

?
J
###PAGE###4###

r
Shawville Academy
SMART & SMITH
THE EQUITY.
To Carpenters
MASSEY-HARRIS
&
WILL KK-OPKN OV
SHAWVILLE
Monday, Sept. 2nd.
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE, AUGUST 22, 1901

o

and Builders.
Full Stuff of Trained Teacher* from the Normal School ami Melt 111 Vnlvevsity,
Montreal.
Pupil» ft‘‘I .same terms» munivlpulit)
Müni!î';',THIS IS THE PLACE
nl in class rooms complete, ich room for be ne lit of pu
Further Information will he given on application to
Shaw ville, Aug. H>, 1901

The lint official bulletin iwucd lust week
it side will be admitted on scholars residing in this
by CVusua Commissioner Archibald IBue,
gives the population of the Dominion as
5,338,883 only, or about a half mil i m
less than was generally vxpco.cd it would According to these figures the increase in the past ten years is 500,344, or about 10.J per cent—a si owing certainly disappointing to those who have been engaged in the nation’s up-but ding, and w !io hav e been Anticipating better résulta.
The principal increase, with regard to ptovincea have taken pl»ee in Manitoba, the Terr torus and British Columbia ; for example, the latter shows an increase of V4 per cent ; the territories 122 per cent ; I
and Manitoba 62 per cent ; of the older I Municipality of Clarendon.
provinces (Quebecshows by far the largest Public Notice is hereby given by the
compared with the others. I dersigned Secretary Treasurer that the Thus while this province shows 9, Ont-1 Collection Bull of the an id Municipality of
sam» i 55SSS55
in the case of Ontario, at least, by the j Municipality for the current \ proportion of emigrants who have left | pay interest and sinking fund that province for the United States and our ! way bonus. Both collection rolls are de own North West, Coming down to de- posited in the offlee of the undersigned
taw a X alloy showd the following in- uient are hereby required to pay the mease :	I amount thereof to me at my office within
twenty days following the date of this notice, without further notice, vi -in <yv i Given ;*t Shaw ville, this ILth day cf the -4»i oU,.hm> ! month of August, one thousand nine hun 22,084 24,483 | dred and one.
17,974 33,500 22,484 23,201 22,072 26,677 16,534 10,375 42,481 57,614
Threshing Mill Men :

t
TO BUY
>»
Kquil Library i*
Nails of every description, Glass, usual stock sizes,
Paints, Putty, Paint Oil,
Dry and Tarred Felt, &c.
pi I s
We are now prepared to supply you with
H. I .AMI,
Sec. Treasurer
Public Notice.
Mill Teeth, (all kinda
Belting1, Cylinder and Machine Oils.
Province of Quebec,
un
increase as
WE ALSO KEEP MINERS’ SUPPLIES
ear, isVI, to of the rail-
Including Drill Steel, Striking Hammers, Sledges,
Dynamite, Detonators and Fuse.
Picks, Shovels, Crowbars, Etc.
Cheap for Cash. Square Dealing.
1891 vm
tin
15,158 15,903
Arganteuil ....
La be) la......
Pontiac........
Nipiisiog......
Renfrew North Renfrew South.
Oarleton.......
Ottawa City...
Best materials and correct prices.
0
H MATHKSON,
Sec. Treasurer
MACFARLANE BROS.
Public Notice
SMART & SMITH.
1901
1901
Fine Art Exhibits at the Ottawa
Is hereby given that the Rad-
kohu Riflk association has leased a por tion of the property designated as :
'*x- U: N W. Half of S. E. Half of No i:i on the 7L\ Range of Clarendon,
for the puipose of using the same as a Hide Range; and the public are notified to take cognizance thereof and be governed accordingly.
The attention of the public 1< also directed to paragraph 401, R. & 0. H3 of the Militia Act, which reads as follow.* :
OR
Fair
There is to T®TV *!no » tuition W paintings at the Central Canada Fair at Ottawa this year. Work of the leading artists of the Dominion will be on view. A happy thought led to this. Artists when requested to make exhibits invariab’y $a’d it did not pay them to display costly pictures for $25 or $30 prizes and declined to do so. This year the Fair management decided that the host plan to secure a tine exhibit of pointings would be to buy several hundred doll irs* worth yearly, only pictures exhibited to be bought. This they thought would prove an incentive to the leading a rusts to exhibit as wed as being the meani in time of establishing a permanent art gadery in connection with the Fair- It was decided to buy $500 worth this year, and the result has sur passed the directors’ most sanguine ex peel at ions. Already sixteen noted artists have nr tTied the Fair Secretary that they will each send at least four nain tings to be hung in the art building with the view of having them purchased, and it is es timated that over m3 hundred choice paintings from professionals will be ou view. So the Art Gallery of Ottawa Fair this year promises to be a very attractive bud ling snd one that c< uld net be missed by any visitor. The Fuir is to be bald from Sept. 13 to 21.
OREMOST
URNITURE.
JHE DAVID MAXWELL & SONS
SHOW-ROOMS, SHAWVILLE, QUE
FARMERS !
call and inspect our
Binders,
Mowers
»
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.
¦»
If any person wilfully doe* any damage to any butt or target belonging to or lawfully used by any Militia corps or battalion ; or without leave of the officer commanding such corps or battalion, or the officer m charge of the range upon which such butt or target may be placed, searches for bullets in. or otherwise disturbs the soil forming such butt or target, or in the immediate viclnltv ¦¦if aha! for evei	offence be
prosecution of the com mat ' p.goffi er or of the officer In chargt to a penalty not exceeding twenty dollars ($-3.00) with or without imprison-men* for a term not exceeding six months.”
No member by reason of his being such shall have anv estate or interest in the property of tlie Radford Rifle Association other than the right to use the As sotiatlon property at the rifle range lit
with the resolutions or de-of the committee
& 0., p.
BY ORDER OF COM MITT El Radford, August 13, 1901.
e e
We have also a first-class
rtmont of
3?.
C’HARUBh VODKKATB.
8 AT1S F ACTION (if A It A NTKli I)
TERMS REASON ABLE.
PERSONAL ATTENTION
U
er
on t!
J. GRAHAM
SHAWVILLE.
WHY BUY a low grade Flour simply because it’s 25 to 50 cents a barrel cheaper than our
and
Rakes.
Par. Id. R
“Gold Medal” Brand,
We
have also Buggies, Express agons, Harness, Churns.
Meets Defeat
which we guarantee will produce 36 to 37 8-lb. pans of beautiful flaky, white bread ? If you are
UAt‘Vh> Pwrm°4 Mid tLnwo" us*n= a poor flour compare results and you will
!! Pay the difference in price every time.
Used by local and city Bakers
6'iWqaetdly.. however, r.ine of the men :n >he tunnel ¦ Were rescued aDer hetric
govt’s KaVtoRY BILL PJKJ KiTEl) HYlOoTO 141—CAB I. K BILL RKAD A SKi'OND TIME.
McRAE & McGUIRE
Lindon, Aug. 1‘2 —The government ui»n are eti l in the tunnel, but th v was defeated in the Hcu e of Cm more rescued stated that one of those, Victor tonight on the course of debate on the Kauffman, of Canton, is dead, Follow-factory hill. The house supported by ing is a list of the dead and injured so 163 to 141 a proposal, opposed by the fir cs now known : Jihn Martina, drown-« Government, that textile factories should «*d; Mike Snyder, drowned, Arthur Hasty, close at noon instead of one o’clock p. m. drowned; Victor Kauffman, suffocated; as now. Irish members cheered wildly, and five uieu, names unknown, burned to Mr. Ritchie announced the Government I death. Injured : John Lee, broken would accept the decision Ti notby back; and 0. Braddoik, frightfully Hva’y, amid laughter, remttked that the | burned home secretary had great reeig itioa, but not the sort of redgnation that they wanted.
The house passed to a second reading of the Pa:itic Cal Id Bill by a vote of 183 to 59.
9
LX Special Prices in 5-barrel lots.
The potato crop all over this section of country, it in a«.i.l, will be a poor one, my XTJ X J and yet one day ricmtly tie price of J^j	yy
|p ta toes in the Ottawa market dropped
road can be made by leaving the line his deith blow. Later the body was j from $1 40 per bag to GOcen'e where the side line between said lots carried to the dock near by and thrown nine and ten crosses the creek, and going into the bay, and as the icj formed on through lot nine to the Pickauock road, the bay shortly afterwards the and that right of way can be procured were r*ot recovered till the Allowing for ten debars.	spring. I: is now said the polio are in a
Minutes of tie regular so si«»n o: the	Moved by C)un. Morris, sac. by Coun	fair way to lay their hands	on	the mur-
Munic.pal Councd if the Township of	Taber, and resolved,	that the report be	derers of the old man and	they will be
Bristol, h Id n the Town Hall tn Mon-	accepted, that Mr. P.	Allan be paid ten [brought to justic?.
day the 5 b day of August, IDOL	dollars for the road	privilege, and that
Members j resen : E. Graham. Mayer ; the spee.-supt. bo instructed to draw up Counci lors Tabsr, Ireland and Morris. a Procès Verbal of real forthwith.
Minutes of las* session of Council read Moved by Coun. Morris, see. by Coun.
Moved by Couc. Morris, sec. by Coud. Ireland, and received, that the council 1 A most serious marine disaster is re-Ireiand, and resolved, that the minutes adjourn.	ported to hare occurred to the Steamer
a\rr 1,1 ^3,ad^ede T .	,	, A. W. McKrchnii, E Graham, Lhnder, on the way fr>tn the Yukon to
Moved by Cjuii. Taber, sec. by Coun.	Sec.-Treasurer.	Mayor. Victoria, B. 0. Mr. Bekourt, M. P. of
Ireland, and rcsowd, that the second re-	__ _	___ I Ottawa, was among the passengers, who
soluiim paased at the session of council	... _	_	_ _	* with the crew numbered 162 nereons.
he’d i'i the Town Hall, on Monday the 1200 Rendered Homeless. The story is that the steamer struck an and must be third day of June last, giving Duncan	---- iceberg off Douglas Island, and sank al-
wmm ns
venting it, and induced laber to complain Moved by Coun. Morris, sec. by Coun.	homeless,
and grow contentious.	Taber, and resolved, tint the Valuation
John Burne, the Battersea sorialist, in Roll for the year 1901 as it is amended parliament, who accepts these cabinet by the valuator be and is hereby homostatements aa true, is rather glad than logatad.
otherwise, He believe! in strikes.	Moved by Coun. Morris, sec. by Coun.
I'he report is of particular Interest here Taber, and resolved, that the* Procès on account of the bill introduced by Rich- Verbal of a road on side line between aid Bell, the representative in pariament the north end halves of lots fourteen and of the railway workers, whose skill and fifiesr, range six, homologated by ouncil tact are believed to have lately averted 2nd Octaber, 1876, be and it is hereby a big strike here, to make better provi- amended ; also that a Procès Yerbilcf sion for conciliation in railway disputes, same road homologated by council 4th
July, 1898, be also amended.
Moved by Coun
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
GOODS
THE MARKETS.
BRISTOL COUNCIL
remains
NEW
GOODS
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (.standard) (X) to 00c. Oat* per bushel, 29 to 30c. Pease per bushel, 60 to 62n. Buckwheat, 40c. per bush. Eggs, per dozen, 10c.
Butter, per pound, 14 to 15c. Wool, per pound, lo to 16c. Pelts, each, 00 to 75c.
Hides, $1.00 to $5.50. Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each
» ^
Arbitration Fails
NOW OPENING OUT —AT—
Sixty Sevon Lives Lost
NCW ZKALAND S SYSTEM FOR SETTLING LA BOB TROUBLES TO B8 ABANDONED
Si Up-to-Date Store
STARKE S CORNERS.
London, Aug. 14.—Many persona interested in labor ref r:u and legislation refuse to believe that New Z'ahid’s famous plan of arbitration to settle labor disputes Hi failed utterly, a abandoned. But Mr. Seddon
OTTAWA
Come and have a look at our several lines of Spring Goods now open for inspection.
Butter, print, 20c. per lb.
pails. 16 to 19c. per lb Eggs, fresh, 13c. per ooz.
New Potatoes, #1.00 per bag. Lamb, 7 to 10c. per lb. Mutton, 7 to 10c. per lb.
Beef, 0 to 0c. per lb.
Pork. $8.00 to $8.75 per 100. Chic kens, 40 to 60c Date, 40 to 42c. per bushel. Hay, $0.50 to $8.00 per ton. Wool, 10 to 14c. per lb.
Constabulary in a Fight
London, Aug, 19—Lord Kitchener, in a despatch from Pretoria, dated today says that a party of South African con-
Old Soldier Was Murdered
stabulary yesterday surprised a strong Boer laager near Middleaburg, Cape Colony, kilied 23 men. The constabulary numbered 150 mon, bul, oving to the
disappeared on the night-of Thanksgiving ' wol”e<L 1 urtoen Day, 1894, on his return from Toronto,
Ireland, sec. by Coun. where he took pa t with the Thirteenth Ta1 er, and resolved, that the spec. supt.	regiment in a shaiu	battle. Shea’s body .
cf roads be instructed to locate a road	was found floating	in the bay in the	An honest farmer once led his two tur
and draw up a Procès Verba1, of the same	spring of 1895, but	was badly decompos-1 keys into his granary and	told them to i	;	write	for	our"mtervstinv	v,.. ks "inv*nt-
between the north-east halves of lots	ed and eaten by fish, and as no wounds j	drink and ba merry.	One of theme |	|®r 5	Me|P'’	and	" How you	ere	swindled.”
fourteen and fifteen, range six, forthwith,	could be detected on the body, it was | turkeys waswise and one was foolish.	vemion orhm,^mïn.0JvT?el °mî°,u,r in*
Moved by Coun. Morns, sec. by Coun.	supposed lie had fallen from the Grand	Tb* foolish ;nl at once indulged excesai-	free our opinion as to whether it ii probably
Ireland, and resolve?, that the council	Trunk railway, while intoxicated and was	vely in the pleasures of the stable, un-I	S^,nl®1h^;eR,el*cte<, erpftcatioiis heveoften
adjourn for one hour.	drowned. Recently some of the men	suspicious of the future, but the wiser,	conduct fully equipp^tToffi^e in Montreal
Pursuant to adjournment, same mem-	implicated in Shea's death had a quarrel	fowl, in order that ho might not be fat-	fv5i?1t1,iB*toî,: disqualifies u* to prompt-
bers present.	.	and one of them has divulged the story	tened and slaughtered!, fasted continually,	as	SïïEfiïEÎÏ
Moved by Conn. Taber, ere. by Cvun.	of how the old soldier went down to his	mortified I s !l ish and devoted himself to	furnishnh—^	****
Ireland, and resolved, that Dr. Alexan- death, leaving a widow and several child- gloomy reflections upon the brevity of rtonMveSiSu	* M“
der's aoct. cf $15 00, attending R. B. ren. It appears he went to a small hotel iifs* When.Thanksgiving approached, the | fnew»pepers dietribùtcd^hroîSSou
-o
n pair
RESENTED RMICULE OF THE QUEENS
UNIFORM.
Silas Young.
men
six men men are missing.

J
I
i
FRESH and CURED
The Two Turkeys - A Fable
Ten Lives Lost in a Tunnel
MEATS
PROMPTLY SECURED
KIltE IN A fUin SUFFOCATES MEN WORKING UNDER LAKE MICHIGAN.
Cleveland, O. Aug. 14.—Fire early today destroyed a temporary waterworks two miles out in the lake, resulting in the death of at least ten men while two others were probably fat illy injured. In addition to a large number of workmen, who were in the crib, eleven others were at work in the tunnel leading from it two hundred feet below the bottom of the lake. As air, which was pumped from
the crib to supply the men working Lucas’ scat, of $7.25 be paid.	u„........ ............... ______________ IV I I
in the tunnel, was cut off as a result of	Report of spec -supt. on side line be-	uniform which he wore?"	Shea	retaliated	than his plumper brother,
its destridUon, and it was at first suppos-	tween the northpast hilves of lota nine	by calling them Fenians,	and	upon this	Moral: As we travel through	life, let
ed th it these man had a'l perished,—	and ten, range eleven, stating that a good	Sh?a was pushed into the	yard	and given	os live by the way.
of all kinds at
THE SHAWVILLE
(V|eat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
death, leaving a widow and several child- l	...	.
„ . ... ren. It appsars he went to a small hotel "te. When.rhanksgiving approached, the
Burrows while lu'lering from smallpox, about midnight after his return from To- honest farmer killed both turkeys, and . %
Mrs. Ooagrove’s acct. oi $1.60, and John ronto, and had a violent quarrel with by placing a rock in the interhr of *he| ^urenTak/ingi^rVbuiinese of ******
several men who ridiculed the Queen's prudent turkey made him weigh more
MARION & MARION
, Patent Experts and Solicitors.
H-11 BasaMMES»
Proprietor.


.
M

d
*

\
i k.
r
###PAGE###5###
?
r—

f
7
t
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No. *76.
LO.F
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
>
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
rU»LHHKD KVEltV TlirHMDAY AT BH AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC. QUE. SUBSCRIPTION -$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages are paid, union by special arrangement with t!io publisher.
/	4
W**ets the 4th Weil ne*, day of every mouth.
Court dues roust be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cor. dlally Invited
G.F.HODGINS
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
L.B.C
*
A. SMILEY, Prop.
/. A. Cowan, R 8
H. 8. BarkftTT.F.B
John Beckett, C. It.
Direct Importer.
O
ADVERTISING RATES I Legal advertising, eight crois per Mue for
first Insertion and four coûte per Mue for each subsequent Insertion.
BustQCM card* not exceeding one lueh In-lertvdatliOO per year.
I/w«l announce me ills Inserted at the rate of live cents per line lor first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions. ed
Commercial advertising by the month 01 for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without tnstruc-
ÏSÏÏ	I ir Your Turn next
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three conta per Mue.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
J0f|N StylTlj, Proprietor.
s
The Celebrated
W|cLaughlin Carriages
Now in Stock.
We are just in receipt of invoices of two large consignments of Merchandise direct from the European markets.
The spot furor
A FASHiONAItLK If Allt CUT
Good Shampoo, ou A Clean Shave,
ALL STYLES ALL PRICES
GEO. HYNES,
JOB PRINTING
LOT 1
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
FUflNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
These Carriages stand unrivalled for Finish, Workmanship or quality of Material used.
At the Paris Imposition last year the McLaughlin Carriages were awarded the Silveii Medal—the highest Loner attainable in their class, and the whole exhibit was sold in Paris, proving that for real merit these goods are on top
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Comprises a Generel Line of FANCY and STAPLE DRY GOODS, for our fall trade from Glasgow.
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
F. Mi A. McNaughtoq, 8.^,,
LOT 2
A large, well selected and vaaled stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
(!KADUATK OK McGlLL ÜNIVR1VUTY,, Residence of the late Dr. H. H
Knox, Shawvllle.
(Ht)ne hours- Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
Comprises 100 LADIES' MANTLES for early fall and winter wear, direct from a manufacturer of Berlin, Germany.
# e
A. SMILEY.
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M,
Just received—A car-load of Chatham waggons The best.
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Triulty Unlveialty, Toronto; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med, College, Toronto. Omos AMD Rssiassoi i J. Il Annrraonu s House, MAIN 8TRKET
These goods should arrive within ten days and will be well worthy the inspection of the ladies of Pontiac .......
Further particulars will be given in this column on their arrival.
50 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
BIUWVILLR
Express and
Buggy Wheels
ALL SIZES. RIGHT PRICES. McDOUCALL and CUZNER,
LEGAL.
»
ATENTS

BOÜRBEAU RAINVILLE, L L L
Pi
I
Ï
ADVOCATE .. BRYSON,
WILL VISIT SHAWVILLE EVERY MONDAY
I
Trade Marks Designs
rffjNN Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch and description may quiokly ascertain our opinion free whether an Invention le probably patentable, ('ommunlfa-tloae strictly confidential. Hnndbookon Patente sent free. Oldest agency for securing patenta.
Patenta taken through Munn A Co. receive tpfcUU notie*, without charge, lu the
Scientific American.
i
>
v
I
WM. GAMBLE,
m
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Room 23, Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Out.
At Shawvllte, Hocoad and fourth Thursday
of each mouth.
tmee -over G. F. Hodglna’ Store, Main Rf.
o
G. F. HOGGINS.
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest dr. culation of any erienuflo Journal. Terme. $:i a year; four muntus, $L Sold by all newsdealers.
New York
Uraucti Oflloe S5 i 81. Washington. D. L
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
HARDWARE MERCHANTS,
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER, AC .
OK THIS PROVINC R OK QÜK8KC,
P. S.—42 Men’s Waterproof Coats at wholesale prices—$1.75 up.
A Delinquent Caught
Trust Building	A
¦ 48 Spark» Street, Ottawa.
A law suit # f interest has oomo to an Phone No. 1321.	I end iu northern Indent. Wiu, Duvall
Attend* courU of Ottawa and Pontiac ».« med by the Warww Nurtliatn Indi Districts.	I aniau for nrreenges cf suUcnphon for
fifteen yo&u. Duvall ordered the paper in 1882. and cut nued to take the Ir.di-ADVOCATB, dec.,	I aoian from the post t die ) until Decem-
i MAIN 8TRKET bar, 1S97, when he ordered U discontinued	H	H
LAW CHAMBERS ( HULL, - - QUK! but ref.ait.ed from paying the amount I The SeC.-TreaSUTer ill aCCOUllt With the T0WH-
---- , t , duo. Donwrhia dtl uqaeucy twice year-	, .	_	_
a I ^of “don-
the latter ho never expected to pay, from	^	# * U* *.* * * ' *
•he fact that ho "n^ver ordered	“ Ruad Labor of Estate. ,¦
41	44 J. L. Shaw..........
“ Cheque drawn Juno 29th.......
44 Bala-.ee due the Secretary-Treamircr
PONTIAC Here it is I
WOOLLEN
MILLS
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L
•I
.The Place
DR
$9% 36 4863 50 14 40
319 oo | Have commenced operations for the season and will be found thoroughly equipped to do a satisfactory trade with the farmers EZLVBtrOUghifîg,
47 631 of the surrounding country.	n «	•
Ui 5 j Custom work will receive	M00^ anC*
careful and prompt atten-	fjBp&iril]g
isfactum	PnC53'
DALE BROS,
Li	9
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
W. W. IRELAND,
Durtll caught himself while
the paper
on *ln withes stand in the circuit court by displaying a rec:ipt for four m« nthV eu'ucriptioo, declaring he only « i Je red t piper for that length of time,
- - QUE. M continuing lo take the paper regular______  I iy. Ti e court held that as long as Du- May 31 By balance due Secretary-Troamirei
v.11 continued to take thd paper from Juno 4 44 George Stanley, Quyon bridge*..........
the poll office he received good» of value	5 “ Aiexan Elliott, port eelary.............
NOTARY PVBLI \ NOTARY FOR THE I An j was liable for the payment thereof.	ü 44 A. Smiley, for bix scrapers............
RELIANCE Ui a N AND SAVINGS ^hi* is the Canadian law also. The per-	15 44 William Brown, forty-two cedars 35....
"	"	who tikes a paper from the poet	23 41 Merchant» Bank, Shaw ville,,..........
office must pay for it under a’l circum- July 10 “ Cash to D. McRae for mending acraper....
10 4< H. Hopper, for work on the road.......
Simon Barber, two cedars and man......
23 <4 Deposited in Merchants Bank, Shaw ville ..
Àug. Ü 44 Wm. C. Hodgins on account Barber s bridge
21 “ R. Ritchie, Building Jury Fund.........
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County Cleveland. Ohio, August 14.—Five men	28 44 K. W. Hodgins, Auditor.................
Pontiac.	Hales conducted	lu a	business-like	were burned to duxth, four were drowned	28	44 John Lester, mending road-maker....
and satisfactory manner.	Goods or articles	three, and possible four, were suffocated, Sent 11	44	J R. Horner, Auditor
o r p rfv »t e	on *r ea sou £ bîe* t e r ms.P Pu' b- »«d «ever»! kjared »> the remit of a fire Oct 17 “ John A. Cowan, Printing to October 4th.
lie sales conducted at Hhawvllle once a which destroyed a temporary water works	24 44 One Receipt Book to give out.....................
îlland frtrMiïâln2iiM0*f	Hhilw1vM'ABo,ii1/8 °ü crib two miles off the Cleveland harbor Nov 6	44	John Strutt, as per resolution of yesterday.
andfo	sa.e.	Office .	HhawMi.e, Que.	euly twuy. Twenty-six men obeyed the	20	44	Deposited iu Merchants Bank, Shaw ville.........
order of Manager G. C. Vandeuien when pec 3 “ Robert Hodgins, contract of Quyon bridge............
the flames broke out, and took refuge in	4 John Brownlee, mending road scraper.................
the water on fbat'ng pieces of wreckage.	4	“ Deposited in Merchants Bank, Shaw ville..........
Four of them lost their hold upon their	y	“	Alexander Workman, for revision of X aluation Roll..,.
frail floats and sank beneath the waves	15	“	Wm. Hades, amount given to Mrs. St. Jean...........
just as help reached their comrades.	15	“	Wm. C. Hodgins, balance of contract on Barber s bridge
The crew of the tug J. R. Sprankîe	15	44	Wm. C. Hudgins, for cedars in 1893..............
heard the tire whistle blown from the crib	24 “ Deposited in Merchants Bank, Shawville............
and raced to the scene from the harbor.
She picked up 18 of the survivor#, who
l,ad drifted to the west of the crib on
their floats of board and wreckage.
Vacdeusen and three of his men were
mm 1r jx 11	hanging in the water from a twoinch line
Il M \\m\m suspendei from the crib. Ju.t », the line
if Y Ui nl.UUllulUuUll, „„„ burning away above men a hands, a
Iff practical i“^“r„*..,.1;.b3 z&Td
WATCHMAKER .mckc that enveloped the crib and re-
icued the four men on the rope at the nt-k of the boatmen's lives. The men JEWELLER I picked up in the water were brought to
the city on the Sprangle. They were naked, exhausted and badly burned.
Many of them were cut by . fall-• , umber. The crib is a total loss. It a frame building, 200 by 50 feet, the
SILVMWARR18jdea aheathed with iron. It contained
F,b l :
SHAmuE.H.lK-i"»”1»”'000'	g ::
Deposited Merchants BalÉiMMIiMBMWWI
*	W H Stark, for 11 cedars given to Horst-held...
4 C Caldwell, board bill up to 4th February... ....
4 W Rimer, Registration of Sec.-Treasurer s bond
*	James L Shaw, expenses at Bijson.........
4 Alexander Workman, expenses at Bryson....
4 One Receipt Book.........................
4 Wm. Clarke, amount allowed st court...
4 Pat. McCullough, 7U cedars...............
4 Alexander Elliott, balance of «dary......
Clerk of the District Magistrates’ Court,
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds Mortgages, etc., executed legally *ud satis factorlly
108 51
$0309 77
SHAWVILLE
390 10
7 00
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
5 00
son
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be in Shaw ville on Tuesday and Sat unlay of every week.
20
3 50
stances
1 35
10
50 00 15 00 12 OO
A Horrible Disaster
J. J. TURNER,
4 50
2 GO
ANDREW HODGINS,
4 50.
20 75
1 25
Shawville.
7 00
300 00 25 00
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
WANTED
HOTELS.
1 00
306 43
Qualified teacher lady for section No. 1 Leslie. Apply, stating salary, to
H. H. SEAMAN. Otter Lake, Que
1 50
St. Lawrence Sail,
1 00
10 00
•9
1 50
Advertise in The Equity.
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
800 00 1% 00
Otter Lake, July 18, 1901
28 “
28	“ Bank for cheque payable in Ottawa......
29	14 Thomas Craig, amount awarded..........
31	11 Six months salary of Secretary-Treasurer
31 “ Postage on Stationery...................
1 20
Good Accommodation. Taule and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
4 00
25
John Lester, repairs on road-maker..................
Deposit in Merchants Bank for County Rite, 1901.	.
Six months salary Sec.-Treasurer up to 11th July, 1901
Postage and Stationery..............................
Deposit in Merchants Bank...........................
6
75 00
364 25 75 OO
May 2
6 00
31
5 00
31
1901
160 45
51 00 300 00
31
2 44 Deposited in Merchants Bank, Shawvilie............
8	44 Deposited in Merchants Bank, Shawville...........
44 Robert Cameron, 25 cedars........................
8 44 Dr Klock's visit to David Russell.................
11	44 Deposit in Merchants Bank, Shawville.............
12	44 “ 44 " ..........................................
44 HT McDowell, attending court...................
12 “ John Grant, rapairs on bridge and revision of V. Roll
10 44 August Rose, for Carson’s bridge..................
17	44 VV C McDowell, for outside work......• • ; •.....
44 Pat. McCullough, for 42 cedars for Quyon bridge.
44 Silas Young, attending court.....................
26	44 Deposit Merchants Bank, Shawville................
Jan
$5258 83
8 75
8
3 00
100 00 100 00
$1050 94
Amount of arrears to date
and
6 00
$0309 77
12
4 50
rX-r.vW
30 00
KEEPS
A SELECT 8TOCE OP
WATCHES,
, We the undersigned Auditors having duly examined the accounts and vouchers 1 j 44 j 0f your Secretary-Treasurer, respectfully submit .the foregoing statement which wo
? W certify to be correct 455 00
100 001
54 00
10 90
500 00
1	05
2	00 Edison May Locate at Sudbury
500 00	----
5 00
e e

18
revtr
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY
mg
21
tig. jtell
1
RalphJW. Hudgins, F. W. H. Armstrong
was
Auditors
28
Ac. kc
Shawville, August 2nd, 1901
Repairing—
a Speciality
In Woman’s Clothes,
March 2
Toronto, Aug. 16.—The latest report to the bureau of mines is lhat Mr. Thos. A Edison has secured an office at Sudbury in which to c nduct hie business and it making a thorough personal inspection of the nickel properties in that district. He has secured the services of two veteran prospecte r , Messrs. Ranger and Jessop, to assist him in the woik.
4 40
Watertown, N.Y. Aug. 12.—Attired in the complete tiarb of a woman, Thomas Carson, sg**d 18, of Kingston, Ont., arrived iu this city this mom ha. His actions excited suspicion and he was arrested. On hm person was found $200 woith of jewels, the property of his sister who lives in Kingston.
5
sÊèmMêrnM
•evening from appendicitis. He was - the military command in South years of age and had performed the	by Gen. N. C. Lyttlctin, who is
duties of black rod for the past J> j ‘ his route to South Africa with | April 6 The office, it is said will now abo1'| Milner ished.	1 J
27 90
6
2 00
18
2 00
21
3 OO
22
1 25
29
6 00
30
27 65 13 00
6
1
L

A


###PAGE###6###
.9
\




t


m-r
pointées. . jfjjgg CRIMINALS FLI
1 was half-full of rubbish, and stand- forced I too.'! upon mo. The	very
tng round me wore three men, one of brick» we were removing	would
them as evil a looking Frenchman crush us to death; a death,	If	poasl-	_	,
as ever I saw, and whom I after- b le, worse than the other.	Then I Notes of Interest About Some
wards found wo* the man who ran thought of the aperture from which	Great People.
the place, lie Bl.rugg.-,! Ms	the light came. Springing from my Arrayed in nil hi* etntu clothe» the
shoulders and asked mo in Fnmch	I latfoim	1 seized	a brick tuul threw sultan	of Jchore	is	n	glittering cur-
if 1 did not think 1 could examine	it down.	It	was	just too largo, but j iosity	Jle WMtrg	* worth $13.-
the Golden Howl” better from the using another brick as a hammer I oOO.OOO. They sparkle in his crown, inside. I gave him to und^mm	smashed	it	and	threw the broken on hia	epaulettes,	In	his girdle, and
¦¦	¦	that I wanted Sir ltlchard Neville,	pieces down	the	aperture, trusting|in hil	cuiTb
^***:*e
MMJ,
cd Whilv the Cher dominions g I f ^^iZlhat's"" Richard $had | Zt'hTdlZmt%i»:"gZ" WrecU.v ‘rat'd cZng troXr^	" " j	«‘«hth	I	"Tu
boon correct to describe India as n I S,tluTm^c^ic.‘'T knew^hnt 're', LtMy'Z his^wcr'und'thJ mZe wan large VnZghl^ our' p'urpo »e ! j rrovlnce Quebec, li’a,? holder ofj berth Mid end,.«corn % get some- is s - raa •« arkzj-s rs ns' % iicas z ‘£|H^	i «yîA ras s ss
would be.	'•	! most instantly four or five men rid of most of the bricks. I took j 11 n< II r,llc' ^ ll was coniirm« <1	his cniue.
One morning he did not make his rushed into the room. I made a off my coat and laid it down on the %u,'"ln i(toria in	11 v 1	. 1 ll(J nncstion of whither ho shall
appearance at the breakfast-table, ! dash for the door, but before 1 floor in the place I had intended for ; sc,*t Par°*l ia for^y-throo yemi ° bio himself is one which he toust and though I was rather surprised I reached it 1 was tripped up and fell I Sir Richard, and laid him down upon	. u^Cwdc<î,t'°	<>n jfn< co*\#l‘ era.‘*J! *bfflculty In answer-
• t this, I did not make inquiries, with a thud to the floor. Before Hit, tucking his legs up well within t,atl ilf lls brother in 18ib.	ling, and the difficulty is yearly being
, ..	Ibut when he did not appear at lunch I could rise they were upon me, and the 41 ftHJt limit, and then laid my- I o celebrate the seventh anniver- | inn cased by ( be concluding of mors
of the young prince are true wv asked a waiter to ascertain if he ! one villain gave me a knock on the self down beside him. Oh, the agony sar.V °f the birthday of Prince K«l- | and more extradition treat les should	find	in	him	a	charming ccn-	were still in his	room, and was then	I head, making mo almost insensible	| of those tortuous minutes! — higher,	I w*rd of York the King	gave his	the	awakening ol those countries
tru for	our affection	and	loyalty.	As	| much concerned	to learn that his	I was once more bound, this time	higher and higher we got ; now	grandson a bicycle. The	machine is,	with which wo already have such
t ties iro there is a brevltv and sinvTbcd bad not been slept in.	more securely, and was left on the | more slowly; and presently one of i °f course, very small. The frame has treaties to a mure proper sense <>f
..5s.?ss itzt« zMZL-w &	!2'-s	mZfirsx. vaiaju
mid ix«, vat her than nctiact f'l'* * | fear that he had by some means got master.	- had omitted to dispose of We were j interesting to note that by the treaties, almost p*ery country is
into one of the opium dens	which	Presently ho regained conscious- well within	tin* envi.v and still	had	King's express desire the frame	lms	nominally as unsafe to fugitive criât that time abounded in Paris, my	ness and his eyes immediately rested I half a foot	of space above us,	but,	been enamelled in plain black, there	minais (excepting those "*a,!nfHu
Alderman James Davidson of Ot- ! knowledge of such places not	in any	upon me. Ho came to where 1 lav | surely there	was now more than	half	being no elaborate decoration in	the	for political crimes) as ( mit Britway allaying my fears; for	l had 1	and told the attendants to put mo a foot, yes,	n foot, two feet, and in	waY of gold lining.	,im» hut nominally is not actually,
heard of men,	especially wealthy	in 'the room with the spiked ceil-	less than a couple of minutes we	It is not often that n woman of to-	for	, U , (iniemico the emigrating
men. who had left them in far dif-	ing,” and he added, "put his high-	were level with the ground again.	day cun array herself in	any fabric	Lf* ! ^ vxv,y reason to to
forent circumstances from when they j flown baronet with him." 1 was 1 then sat up and talked matters that once formed part of the ward- vnankrui.	.
luid entered—indeed, some never pulled along to tho end of the pass- over with Sir Richard. We had been rut>e of Queen Klizabcth. The Vo un- n ,#orP \n,an hnir	!fiea
came out at nil.	age outside the room, followed by • talking for about twenty	minutes j less of Pembroke	has,	however, this	" ,<h •ovenum-nt, ludds with	-
Well, he did not appear the	next	Sir Richard; we then went down a when a key was inserted in	the	lock, privilege, and at	tho	lust Drawing-	elgn countries	for	the	extradition	<>r
morning, and I at once went up	and	flight of steps, along another pass- Hastily pulling Sir Richard	to	the Room she attended she	wore a white	cr m!,.ia " 10	I,y	lh0	counlry	41,0
put the police in possession of	the	age, until we came to a door look-1 back of tho door. 1 seized	ti	loose! and silver gown,	tho	peach-colored	practically
facts. All particulars of Sir Rich-1 ing very much like the door ard's dress, habits, etc., were noted, and the authorities, not forgetting that he was n rich man, promised to do their utmost.
NOTES AND COMMENTS

*
My Adventure
at the . . .
“ Golden Bowl ”

While the Empire was speculating on the title which the King would adopt, and weighing the relative merits of the, in many cases, rather crude suggestions, which were hazarded in various quarters, Lord Salisbury was quietly revolving the matter in his mind and now m his permissive bill brings forward a name which is at once felt to bo the one for which we were groping ward tho Seventh, by the Cr<ve of (loci, of Croat Britain and Ireland, and all the British dominions y end the sons, King, Emperor of hi dia, Defender of the Faith
PLACES WHERE THE POLZO» CAN’T TOUCH THEM.
Downs of Countries Where the Fugitive Law-Breakers Are Safe, fl
Some
in his father's clothes to have a ruler with such n title. Some say tin
It would not, however, have
not
We may have
distinction of India tho honor of having* the son of tho Duke of York named after our court try.'» Such a move would bo extremely popular here, and if anecdotes
and
its dignity
i
"tawft was not altogether wrong when he opposed the civic grant of ten thousand dollars to the fund for the decoration of the city during the visit of the Puke of York nlty was not at fault civic funds was.his excuse in Ottawa it is as in Toronto: allnight sessions are held in cutting down the estimates for High Schools libraries and like luxuries grants are made to horse-shows, regattas, carnivals,, and so on out the turning of a hair, much true loyalty there is in spending large sums in ephemeral decorations while so much which is absolutely essential remains to be done in our cities, it is hard to say. In Toront
4
His loy
paucity of Perhaps
DEAD LETTERS
a Spike
huge safe. The door was opened and pushed open, and our old friend the | old Point do Flandre, which not only 1 was* thrown in and Sir Richard | master was inside pushed in after me.	"You fiend
If the door outside was like the his throat and bringing him to the door of a safe, the room was still ground.
more like the safe itself. It was At this moment a most unfortun- j established a record in kissing which During the next two days I heard	about Gft. square the sides ami	floor	ate accident occurred. The door, di-	will be hard to heat. A large num-
nothing of Sir Richard—the police	seeming to be made of metal,	and	rcctly he let go his hold, started to	her of her friends ana admirers met
had discovered nothing, although	the only light that entered the	com-	swing back with the key outside,	her at the station and greeted her
everything that was possible had	pertinent came from a small aperture	Sir Richard sprang forward to stop'with an enthusiastic outburst of ap-
been done. 1 cancelled all our social	about Sin. in width running	the	it, but stumbled and fell with his	| plausc. some 200 of them insisting
arrangements	and joined in the length of one side of the floor; but right arm outside the dooi™S*lgg	Ml gËËflg
search myself. Assuming that Sir what struck me as being most extra-| cd the situation, but lost him
____	Richard was in an opium den— had ordinary was tho ceiling. It w;is
for instance the sewage is disposed , ]10 gOMC there of his own accord or brick
of according to a scheme which, ne- j had he been trapped ?
The door was I train of which was trimmed with
Were it not for this fact there would be only one actual refuge for fugitive law-breakers, whereas there are dozens. Tho Bonin Islands
had been owned, but also worn, by said I, springing at j the famous Tudor Queen.
When Madame Sarah Bernhardt returned to Paris from America she | Pacific Ocean, and oil the coast of
.Japan, constitute the sole remaining nominal refuge for the criminal classes, and this refuge is not favored by any but the lowest classes and most criminal of the world’s lawbreakers.
Itsav- upon kissing her. She returned the I Men who have committed crimes his salutations, and for nearly a quarter of an hour after alighting from I tore off my braces and bound the the train tho great actress was bung semi-conscious kor? him which he would prefer: like Jacl
while
in the
«
*
with
How
for which death, life-long imprisonment, Siberia, or. perhaps, torture, would he due punishment, have flown to the Bonin Islands from all parts of the world, and have set up n small colony of nil that is most brutal in human nature; but the gentlc-
the bland fraud
with
v arm
one, but completely covered with Iron spikes about a foot apart On the third day after his disap- ; one from another with their points pcarance, I found myself in one of downwards. I looked and the lowest neighborhoods of Paris, dumped into the harbour, which is a | outsi(lo t!ie "Uolder. Bowl." one of
cess-pool contiguous to the water | the most notorious of Paris dens
Out of sight, out of mind
then toked kissed and embraced
cording to experts, is worthy of mediaeval ignorance. It is merely
_	....	¦	.	... due of the most interesting person-
to have a spike driven through his	aliQps in* Russia is tho famous Fa-
miserablc head, or to save his life by	ther john, the handsome priest
leading us safely out of his miser-	who80 piety js so great that he is	manly criminal
able den.	| supposed to hove tho power of per- ^rom B'c City, who decamps
lie chose the latter and I unbound	forming miracles. He is devoted to	hundreds of thousands of dollars,
his legs, and taking a spike 1 held	his religious work at * Cronstadt,	prefers a less certain safety with an
a I s^n/ivos,ri.:'ïS-i,£. ; nœ»	«a
]ed n drop or two of blood. The	monev entrusted to him by tho weal-	to patronise tho Bonin Islands,
coward shook with fear. Sir Rich-	thy Russian nobles among the poor	particularly as there is now every
M	I	ard's aim was hanging limp at his	0f the neighborhood. It was Father	hope of this refuge being covered by
he could	remember nothing | side, but he took another spike ready	John who was called to pray at the	%n extradition treaty in the near
the change; this, as 1 had anticipai- that had happened on the previous to strike at the slightest suspicion bedside of tho lute Czar, and he pos- future.
,	,	,	. Put him into a good humor, and day. He could remember my coming | of a struggle. Thus wo l«*d the vil- | «esses manv tokens of Koval favor. Where, then,* do criminals fly?
the pleasures of a day, a compara we were soon on the best of terms, into the big room and the strug- j Inin forth. After traversing numer-	,	.	. dnilv eat Whnt thc haven of rest for tho
lively small sum would suffice to in- Gradually 1 worked tho conversation glc. but beyond that he remembered 0us passages and halls we at last	VU,\IlV. , c th t it is to wenry« police-hunted criminal ? There
stal	an	experimental	septic	tank	or	'ound to opium dens in general,	and	nothing. A magnificent	diamond • saw the glorious sunshine streaming	1	*!V	the Karl of Sandwich	arc many, mid Jnbez Balfour
sewage	farm,	a	proceeding	which	tho opposite one in particular.	ring, valued at	$750, and	his gold , under	a door at the end of a	pass-	; . t th	t	nm>tili»r form of food owes	showed a wonderful discretion when
would improve the health and in- ^ vs* sailt he, in French, I see watch and chain, besides gold and j age. The master put the key into 1, t ‘ ,	‘0 tHasI nrv runs that the *1C hit upon the Argentine as
the value of the loyal Queen i almost everyone	that goes in, and	notes to the	value of $1,250	the lock and opened the door, and	v.iri <n nnostinn was vt rv fond of	P*acc °i refuge.
| they remain for	some days some-	had been taken from him.	at this moment Sir Richard fainted.	cards and in order to pro-	The Argentine is still a happy
times, and. Jie	said. pulling my	I looked round	for some means	Throwing him over my shoulders I	vint hi,vinir to sino to ent he used	hunting-ground for British criminals.
ÜL UiU 3 I II ¦ Whilst 1 was examining our prison the yard.	! wo slices of bread and eat these as exceptionally good stroke of hick
Did you s»e anyone	go	in on	Sir Richard fell into a deep	sleep,	j put Sir Richard in a cab and	L slaved This rot to 1 c	called a	for law and	justice.	1	here arc scores
Tuesday ? I asked.	and, knowing I could	receive	little	gavo the address, "Hotel do Nou-. .al.dwich " but tradualKv	the in-	upon scores	of	British	criminals	sofo-
* Any stranger. 1 suppose you	help from him, 1	sat down to thibk	venules," and at last we reached it.	Verted commas were dropped as the	retired in the Argentine Republic s
mean?' replied	he. "Let me svo,	matters over by	myself. Whether it	He had now lost consciousness, but ! L)rd became an accepted one in the	country. Doubtless they know their
yes. There was a gentleman	who	was the fumes of	opium or	the blow tn less	than half an hour the	best	lamrua	‘	Tho	Dros(mt Earl became	time of arrest may come, but tho
went m with another fellow ; he	was	I had received on	my head,	I do not doctor	in Baris was attending	him,	Colonel	of	the	Grenadier Guards in	contingency is so remote that they
a tall, well-dressed man,	and	the	know, but presently I	found	myself	and in another week hjs arm was off.	f881 ]Ic was onco Military Secre-	can hardly	*
fellow who took him in,	I should	following the example	of Sir	Rich-	For six months he had to keep to	t irv Gibraltar and has	been at-
thlnk, was connect,! with the place ard	,	_	,	,	^	"at	forced,;^J/%[\%tss^ to var-
as he opened the gate with a key of I do not know how lonf 1 slept. | abstinence broke his desire for opi- jous capitals of Europe. At one his own. lie then described ns well but when I awoke the first thing 1 j urn, and I believe saved him from ,jmc jie 8at \n the House of Comas lie could remember the appearance was conscious of was the throbbing an early grave. The "Golden Bowl" j mons nfl y p for Huntingdon, and of the man. which tallied exactly of machinery, and as 1 looked up-	was burnt down	about a year later,	on]v jeft	the	Lower	House	when	he
with Sir Richard's.	wards the spikes seemed to bo much	und the curious	machine attracted	jul(j	t0	BUCceed	his	father	in the	Up-
I took mv departure, determined nearer than when I had fallen asleep,	much attention,	but. what its vises
to see the inside of the den. I wait- of course, 1 argued with myself, such were few knew. Sir Richard and I ed for an hour or so, until it was a thing was impossible, it was my did, but for obvious reasons we did quite dark, and then I quietly and fancy, and yet the spikes certainly	not make it public.—London Tit-
rapidly climbed to the top of the appeared to be quite a foot nearer. |	Bits,
wall and let myself down in the J went to arouse Sir Richard to
mm** wm&m
C‘aV .m.n^ionnev is . m. w uf meat There was no blind, but the thick rising toward the spiked ceiling !
A hopping jonn J '	curtains were drawn together, and	At the rate at which I judged it	lord a snowball in midsummer and a
nmi rice, and may De	try as I might I could see nothing,	to be moving I reckoned it would	red rose at Christmas. Tho manor
feet ion in i	’	,	After looking thoroughly in all di- take about live hours and a half be- of Foston is held by a rental of two
there is nothing can I < h. I •¦. sections to see that 1 was not fore we should be impaled upon the arrows and a lonf of bread. An es-Ftew, made of a i e	•	"	_	J*	watched, I went to the next win-	murderous spikes. Presently my	talc in tho north of England Is
thing, flavored ui i . ; *l,lt	“ ‘ '	dow, which was immediately above	mind began to weave a strange plan,	held by the exhibition before a court
ed for a day ana a mg l,	a	an iron grating, on which I had	The ceiling was composed of bricks,	every seven years of a certain vase
to stand to look in at the	and could I by means of my pocked-	owned by tho family ; another, in
window. Here the curtains had not	knife remove the mortar, thus loos-	Suffolk, by an annual rental of two
been drawn so carefully. The room	ening a brick—then, when one was	white doves,
was a large one, reminding me some- removed, to remove a dozen or a what of a Turkish divan; it contain- score would be comparatively easy ; ed upwards of a dozen couches, on but how could I reach the ceiling ? each of which reclined a man. They Was Sir Richard strong enough to mostly appeared to be asleep, look- bear my weight upon his shoulders ? ing more like corpses than living I awoke him. >	?
men. 1 looked for Sir Richard, and I explained the situation to him, saw a man with his back toward also my plan. His sleep had done me whom I took to be him.	him good, and now he fully realized
I should think I had been there for the peril we were in about five minutes, though it seemed move sufficient bricks and spikes to much longer, when I decided to go make a cavity in the ceiling to con-to the next window, but to my as- tain us both," I said, "and 1 want tonishment and alarm I found I you to stand still and let me work could not move. What had happened from off your shoulders."He took me was this: whilst I had been gazing on his shoulders and I commenced into the window someone had bound working on the centre brick. I of my feet to the iron grating; directly ten minutes I hacked away at thé I tried to remove the cords which mortar, and then I took Sir Rich* had been slipped loosely over my ard's place and he worked from my boots they were pulled taut, and I shoulders, and after a half-hour's was a prisoner.	work we removed tho first brick.
I hastily put my hand to my pock- How I blessed the quality of * Bir-ct to get my knife, but I had scarce- minghom-made clasp-knife. I shoul< ly moved before I was seized from think it was an hour and a half be-bchind, my arms were bound to my fore we had removed the first layer sides, my legs tied together, the and were were two feet nearer ropes binding my feet to the grating spikes, which were as tight as were cut, the grating removed, and in the celling. When I had removed in less than thirty seconds I was in- the first brick of the second side the opium den.	out came two of the spikes. Now,
The room, or rather cellar, In just at this moment, when I Ml which I found myself was. I should that sues### 1 was not absolutely lm^ imagine a sort of lumber-room; it I possible, a most deplorable o
looked
again. What were they for? At last I gave it up and asked Sir Richard to feel in my pocket for my clasp-knife and to cut tho cords which bound -me. After several cf forts he managed to liberate me
J
went into a dirty-looking little shop, jpposlte the entrance, on the pro
quirii-u st.me match'> in
reality to acquire, if possible, some and I then questioned him as information. A man with a wooden what had happened	since he h
The city Is virtually j l<*g and smelling vilely of garlic was been in the "Golden Bowl
scaled behind the counter. I put that his mind was a compte down e franc and told him to keep blank
Supply
is a good motto; but there is a something about "casting bread up-thc waters" which should also be
i
on
I fvu
remembered inviting a scourge of typhoid. Tak-into consideration the money
ing
that is frittered away by the city in
his
crease
City.
o
coat confidential!
ever."
WIIAT MAY fllEY BE."
Finnan baddy is simply haddock smoked and dried, and receives its name from Ftndon where the fish is found and cured to
in Scotland
perfection.
A ragout is a stew highly flavored with wine.
First there is the king of all stews the plain Irish stew, of mutton end Irish potatoes, that, can never be too much stewed.
Another form of this is a haricot of mutton, only in this several kinds of vegetables arc used, and both meat and vegetables arc cut into very small pieces
A salmi is a stew of game, and a
chowder is one of fish.
A pot-pie is a stew of any kind of meat, with dough balls, and brais-
WORRY ABOUT IT
There are many reasons why Ar-
Ht favored by criminals
In the first
gentine is
with ill-gotten fortunes place the brisk trade carried on between the Argentine and Europe gives great facilities for getting from the latter to the former. Then, foreigners constitute so large a proportion of the population of the Argentine that they attract no attention whatever. Also, the police organisation in the Republic is so wretchedly behind tho times, and so inadequate, that tho authorities have more than enough to do to look after their own malefactors.
Brazil also forms a fair refuge for criminals, and it is a fact, not
per
o
LIME WATER FOR STREETS
CURIOUS TENURES
Its Use Might Be Productive of Sanitary Comfort.
A farm near Rroadhousc, in Yorkshire, pays annually to the liind-
Dr. A. Kddowes, writing to a medical journal, suggests that use of lime water, prepared fresh, for watering the streets in hot weather, would prove to be a practice productive of sanitary comfort. The advantages claimed for the practice arc said to be those, first of aggregating together loose particles of manure and thus to prevent them from being diffused by the wind ; second, of exercising a certain antiseptic action ; third, of preserving wood paving, and fourth, of rendering wood less slippery. Tho should be worth considering by the local authorities entrusted with the care of the streets, and an energetic surveyor might make trial of Dr. Kddowes' plan on an experimental basis. Lime, we arc told, is employed near ' Vienna for the disinfection of sewage. Collected in one of three tanks, a day’s sewage is mixed with fresh milk of lime in the proportion of from 1 to 2 per cent. The mixture settles for 48 hours, then the clear effluent water is drained off. The sediment remaining is used as manure. Its value in this latter direction is alleged to be great effluent was said to be clearer than the water in adjoining mountain
I streams. We may remark that lime When you engage a servant or httS long been used ,or purifying
make a bargain in Chinn it i# not sewag„. From six to twelve grain* eonsidered binding until the fasten- o( lime Bre cmployed pcr gallon of
tog penny" has been paid. Although BeWQg0 The objection to thl* me-his bad faith is notorious in some	..................the
the
many	^ ¦ ¦	¦
unknown to the police, that one of tho largest coffee-growers in Brazil went out to tho republic to escape justice and started coffee-planting with capital which he obtained by robbing his employer, a Liverpool merchant. But that was so long ago that he need never fear tho crime being brought homo Brazil is, however, more favored by Spanish and Italian criminals than bv British, many of the latter touching there merely for the purpose of "splitting their trails,” and going tho Argentine or, perhaps, other South American repub-
ECCENTRIÔ MILLIONAIRES
to him
Three Instances of Their SelfSacrifice.
sour FOR SCHOLARS.
In the rural districts of Fra.nct every pupil, boy or girl, takes to school in the morning a handful of vegetables and puts them in a large pan of water. They are washed by one of the older pupils, who take turns at performing this duty. Then the vegetables arc placed in a kettle with water and a piece of pork, and are cooked while the lessens are going on. At 11.30 o’clock each member of the co-operative association has a bowl of hot soup. To cover the cost, of fuel and meat those pupils who can afford it, pay from two to four sous a month.
The motives which caused the Marquis of Norman by to curate for twenty years for a salary which never exceeded $1,000 a year though he is a marquis, earl, viscount. and baron, and lord of 8,000
different from those which
years
idea
work as a
on to
some
lie, for they are all, more or
safe refuges.
But safety is not the only thing
considered/ or probably Morocco, where a man can buy protection cheaply, would be more popular with fugitives; the man who flies with money he has stolen racorn-
ies#
We must re-
acres, are
inspire some young men he has devoted all his splendid income to charity, and his ancestral home of Mulgrave Castle he has converted into a school for boys, and
richly endowed it.
Another example of self-sacrifice is afforded by the Russian Minister of Railways, Prince Chilkow. Though a wealthy man, he determined to study railroading from the lowest rung of the ladder, so he entered a locomotive works in Liverpool as a
laborer, and worked his
away
quires a refuge where he can fortably enjoy his means, and, perhaps, make a fortune out of them. It is for such reasons that many British fugitives run grave risks of capture bv going over t<* the United States, and very many French criminals fly to Canada.
The
SERVANTS IN CHINA
common
way up until he became station-master at a small suburban station.
The elder brother of the present Earl of Lovelace, grandson of Lord Byron, gave up rank and wealth and went to work us a laborer in a shipyard in Deal. Ke worked there like anv other employee of the yard until he died, and W# property devolved upon his L rothA-
—o*
the
It costs the average vessel $4,300 to pass through the Suez Canal.
nuked a teacher. A place to put men in was the an-What is a fortress then? The
.. A .. J ..	.	^Blthod is the rapid putrefaction of the
tier. yet. to do him justice, when RCWage „ too much lline ls added,
» this coin has been pud by you whllo it ,H Rnl(1 that as the organic
„^=y	- P-,t: A Pioc. to rut
»n if the result to him be loss
What is a fort?
women hi
the nwiurc of nr> iVue
ight

\
r
%

a
###PAGE###7###


J

f

CEYLON AND INDIA
NATURAL LEAF
committed suicide.
IMPERIAL EAR-PULLING.
CONSIDER THE HIGH QUALITY OP
LUDELLA CEYLON TEA
How the Boxer Leaders Put an End to Their Lives,
A Chinese paper published in Pekin 1ms obtained the following details relative to the deaths of the high omis Chau-Chu-Chiau, Yung-Chlen,
I I B . Il I I I_____	_l_	I	I___e I land 1*1Hw$e Chwnng. who committed !____________
Is Free from Any Particle of Coloring Matter; is Dainty and Invigor- suicide on command of the Emperor. Ynu Ween* ating; in the only tea that suits fastidious palates and is wholesome for It Is Impossible to give the full « _	¥lrant
,h. most delicate di£,„io„..	I	JS ÆÏÏ|Th®	Commission CO.
! barbarity and unadorned lucldii The whole account, however, b*^
—	¦ |_LBJW m	¦ the stamp of truth, and the state-1 1
A S ¦ A	# Ceylon Teas are sold In Sealed Lead mont of the Chinese court that
” A H	S| B offt Packets only. Black, nixed, Uncolored three officials had paid the penult
I Mu ¦ 111 Ceylon Green. Free samples sent. f<>r their crimes, hitherto unproved!
VrlleMI/M Address -SALADA,” Toronto.	|™W	“ «'*'•
I Chau-Chu-Chiau ato gold leaf
hot weather is of much Importance which is the distinguished method of1 Ê
to the farmers and owners of horses, i	taking one's life among the woll-to-	T	e	,	#	T|jr	•	si	H	fN	1
1 have had the care of horses fur	do Chinese.	Death in	caused, not by	m	UfllVlTlYI IY	lelnTAtlinl	TAT)	vOlfl
nearly fifty years and know therein	poisoning, its is generally assumed,	#	| HI II I	I Mil	II /I I Hi I Si I	Mil	l	11#
mush In the treatment of this valu-1	but by asphyxia,	a.s	the thin gold	#	1	1	lllLlllw	111.It vl/l	111 1	lUl	I	I	l	it 1V
able animal to get best results. |	leaves stick	in the	air	passages. Hop-	•	O
There is much to be gained by	ing fcgainst	hôpo,	however, that the	®
proper feeding and watering of this Empress would have mercy on him, useful servant. For hard work 1 ho took too little, and as lie still think the best feed is a ration of lived when the time prescribed had 0
The feeding of the dairy cow be- oats and corn about half and half, elapsed, he took opium and other j # One Four Roller Campbell Press, front delivery, bed 43x56, S1200 gins the day it is born. The little with plenty of good hay. Horses means to effectuate his death. His 2	"5 i7 "?•	. ,, D . uj
calf should be fed a ration that will thrive best, I think, when the outs religion forbade him to do this by ® ^ne *our Holier Campbell rress, 06037x52,	.
keep it growing and thrifty but not are cut and mixed and dampened injuring his body in any way.	! £	—————i	¦¦¦
one that will put on much fat. with water and a small quantity of Prince Chwnng, who received the ^	A	flTIlJ
When about two weeks old begin bran added. But feeding shelled oat.s news of his sentence in IJu-Chof-fu, a @ givlng n little clover hay and a lit-	with some bran added is also a good	large town in the southwest of Shan-
tlo wheat bran dry; begin early to	plan, dampening the same. In mix-	si, immediately hanged himself in a
feed a large amount of roughage so	ing thu ration a small allowance of	temple of the local mandarin, with
as to enlarge the digestive organs,	salt should be added. In hot wea-	whom ho xvus living, in the presence
The calf should be so fed that when then 1 water my horses at least six of the Imperial Commissioner, Ko-'
A Trouble That Makes the Life Kjl0 become* u cow the toon she eats times a day, and find it pays. Bo- Pau-Hwa. He used the white silk of Its Victims Almost Unbear- will bo used in the production of f0ro going to Ilork and about eight cord sent him by the Emperor, as a q
milk rather than fat. It takes a 1 o’clock, then before and after din- significant sign of the mitigated pun- ' o certain amount of food to sustain j nor, then again at four, %nd before ishment.	#
life and the return we got is from feeding at night. The horse will look Yung-Nien, the President of the ® the food she cats above the amount better, stand the work bettor, and Court of Censors, was the most cow- j • necessary to her maintenance, so it have better health generally. For a ardly. He was in prison in Singan- 1 f pays	to	feed	liberally.	horse to fill himself with a large	fu. and continually upbraided Prince j %
A balanced	ration	should bo fed by quantity of water just before meals	Ching “for leaving him in the lurch
all means. Timothy hay. corn sto-	is not the right way to insure good	He suffocated himself with earth be-!#
fmm	Hvenntwin	or hud di.	vor UIl(1 Corn mcal might be liberal-	digestion, or to avoid colic, etc.	fore the Imperial decree, so his
. uderers	from	dyspep. ia	jy fe(j and still the cows be starv-	I also find that a bucket of water	death was kept hidden some days till
gestion are numeio	till	ing, so far us milk and butter mate- after supi>er and before breakfast is the decree was published. Prince Tuan
.ImniJniM o# tiJ	rial were concerned Food contain- often relished in hot weather or anticipated his banishment and on re-
Î“1hTm Kv	»h(. Iain 1!	u	ingprotcinls necessary. The re-	when feeding dry feed. During work-	ceiving the sentence at Ning-sia, a
cau.sed them by	I	.1	y	t	9 ,nainder of the ration may be raised	ing hours the horse should have an	town on the Mongolian frontier,
wLi, I xv lV *' Anri in abundance on the farm and some occasional rest of a few minutes whither he had fled, proceeded at
ÈiÉr-SS = SSH : 3 âSTsSs 5=™
***
« HSH EBLJ LHL
i* Bime
I ness through thick and thin.	• Ankcll	; from fiction.
“It gives me a great amount pleasure.” says Mr. Colleaux, “to .	.	.	„	recommend Dodd’s Kidney Pills to
II you’d only stop to think occasion- vestmonls they can make, (or they ",dll.'i®	,IUi^„f“lr,' ]. l\^. „uon-1 latest trouble, he explained that	of th, «y.tem. ib.r.b, de, j	^
ally perhaps you would have thought are I10t only useful in summer, but *tena< lou	lntn on® of “l8 L ' “postpone’’ had been one of the , troylng the foundation of the	fp
EHra HF: % I	::	BE'BHKE |11
swallows would suffice if sucked , mist.	. the special word should appear. I
| through a hole in the ice.	j 1 s pose you can lay your haB< < b. Ajong	others, Willie announc-	F. J. CHCNKYicCO., TOLEDO
the morphine bottle, cant v>	^ didn’t know the mean- gold by drugglra 75c.
said the stranger in on anxious whis- , . f thc word ana so could not HaU'e Family Pillnare the best
it in a sentence. The teacher explained that it meant to “put off, and encouraged the youngsters to
you could find the strychnine in a | gauler'" Udngs' umù^chool minute or two ?	}ijs macle-to-order sentence
you just had to, has it ?
Assuredly not.
An’ the sugar couldn’t get away tried ?
No, indeed.
| An’ chasin’ up the vitriol to its lair would be just play for you 1 My dear sir, of course I am familiar with all the drugs here But s’posin some of the other feller* had been changin' them around just as a joke, you know ?
What do you mean ?
Suppose the bottles had got mixed
Impossible. Besides everything is plainly labelled.
An' there ain't no chance of your palmin’ of! prussic acid for peppermint ?
Not the slightest.
Well. I’ve-half-a—notion -risk-tt. Ye*, you may give me nve
cent* worth of peppermint. y° g
What Kaiser Wilhelm Doe* When He Lee ornes Annoyed.
The German Emperor when In any crossed or contradicted, pulls
and you will be convinced that it cannot be surpassed by anything at the same price.
way
violently at tho lobo of hi» right ear with tho thumb and forefinger of hi» right hand. When ho was staying In England at the time of tho Queen'» funeral ho received a telegram and opened it in tho presence of ono of hi# smart Itttie nephews, a hoy -2. Something In tho telegram did not altogether please III» Majesty,
began to tug at his
cm
•9
beet run lu SHIP ell BUTTES, LOO#

POULTRY, APPLES, ether EMITS Mid PRODUCE, te
Limited. Gcr. Weet Msrket end Col borne St., Toronto.
IT IS ALSO A BRITISH PRODUCT
nix
ars
and he at on
The little fellow looked up and

a
the: ¥

ear
u‘X

said :
i ¦¦¦ ¦
#
• Toll me, undo, why do you pull your car ?”
‘Because I am annoyed, my darling, ” was tho reply.
•Do you always do that when you annoyed ?” fluid the boy.
•Yes, my darling,” said His Ma-

e
#

I ON THE FARM.
4
ttVt
e
I
• 3
Jesty.
very, very
• And when you art; much annoyed, wljat do you do ? persisted this Juvenile enquire.
Then I pull somebody ebe'* ear,"
fluid William II.
• •

i
KEEUINti AND DUKEUINO
. . $100
NO JOY IN LIFE.
?
Î
2 Two 7-col. quarto Brown Folding Machines, each • .
. $400
SO SAY THE SUFFERERS FROM CHRONIC DYSPEPSIA.
!
e

I
;
.	$550 •
• Two Roger’s Typographs, in first-class order, each • .
able—Causes Headaches, Heart Palpitation, Dizziness, a Feeling of Weariness, and a Distaste for Food.
Also Cutting Machine, Stones, Stands, Body and Display Type. %
All thli Machinery is In First-Class Order. Easy Terms will be Given or Special Discount (or Cash. On ncconnt of abiding f :
Plant the above Machinery and Type will be die posed of at a
e
iju ouru,	#
p to-do^e	0
Sacrifice.	%
a more u
Î
From *'L’Avenlr du Nord," St. Jerome, Hue.
9 0
•	The Wilson Publishing Co., of Toronto
•	TORONTO, CANADA.
J Limited
;
o
try
NOW, ABOUT THIS SEASON'S
Ou.
SIIE WOULD DE POPULAR.
Mrs. Nexdorc— Ono of the keys of my daughter's piano is out of order.
I wonder If there's anyone in the neighborhood who could fix it?
Mrs. Pepprey—I don't know, but if | gg she's still got one good key, why not uso that?
Mrs
with one key?
Mrs. Pepprey—Lock the piano, of course.
tor MOWERS, REAPERS, THRISHIR3 MA6HINIS,
A MANITOBA MAN.
Etc ,
S” PEERLESS
ïfiii	c,"5 sas
Nexdorc—Whut could she do
ONE OF THE LINKS IN THE LONG CANADIAN CHAIN OF DIRECT EVIDENCE.
food
©$jem smss
for which they make gratitude with whin-
USE MIOA AXLE GREASE.
Testifies to the Powers of the Fa mous Dodd's Kidney Pills.— Cured of Backache Like Thousands More —Spreads the Good Work Among His Friends.
Mrs. Bingo—You are perfectly welcome to another piece of cake, Willie, but I am afraid it will make
you sick. Your mother told me to I j ooo people keep give you but one piece. Willie Slim- I agajnst a proportion of •"» Per 1,000 son—That’s all very well, but I in 1330 don’t know where the pantry is
In Great Britain 13 out of every
a carriage i
as
DO YOU K NOW
Do you know that every cruelty inflicted on an animal in killing or just before death poisons to a greater or less extent its meat ?
Do you know that every cruelty inflicted upon a cow poisons to a greater or loss extent its milk ?
fish killed as
Oak Lake, Man , Aug. 12.—Frank Collcaux, of this place, has turned missionary. A conscientious sense of duty has impelled him to spread a certain good work among his friends and neighbors. The work in question is the work of Dodd's Kidney Pills.
Some time ago Mr. Colleaux was
cured of Backache. He had it for ! years. Though he
his kidneys were affected, and it was his kidneys that caused him so much
here
Mioard’s Liniment Cures Diphtheria
• •
English beekeepers average 50!b of honey from their hives, American only 20Tb.
C. C. RICHARDS & CO.
Dear Sirs,—I have great faith in MINARD’S LINIMENT, ns last year 1 cured a horse of Ring-bone five bottles.
It blistered the horse but in a month there was no ring-bone and no lameness
Four Falls, N. B.
For Over Fifty Year*
tuas®
with
didn't know it.
DANIEL MURCHISON
4
W P C 1089
He read
AN EASY ONE
What
Sleepless wants to know would you give a dog to prevent its CAIVERT O barking at night?	W
Give it away.
ment.
So Frank is spreading the good
his friends as fast
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
Nr all shin ailments.
Miiiard's Liniment Cures Distemper

J. 0. Catvsrt A 0o„ Manchester, England
In March of this year there were only 293 tinplate mills running in Wales, against 418 a year ago.
vic-
8AMPLK8
A frM or rctuin*blo. fre'ght charge» prepaid; exclusive territory; regular customers. Silary or commie* ion. N» security. Write quick. Coops it. Drawer 631, London.
up the whole system dealers in medicine or sent by mail, post paid, at 50 cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 by addressing the Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brock-ville, Ont.
him id’s unirai cores Gomel in cows.
of
NOTHING LIKE BEING CAUTIOUS.
_ BUFFALO MOTEL», __________
ARABIAN H9USE8 F08 CAHA3IAN8 AT CANADIAN PRIGC8 AND MAHACEO BY A CANADIAN.
The Motel eucklnshahi,
CISTERNS FOR THE COWS
Brazil produces 350,000 tons of coffee out of the world's yearly crop of 000,000 tons.
C
THOUGHTLESS WOMAN
¦NGINBtltS’
SUPPLIES.

Asbestos Goode,
t
Pipe Covering, Lubricating Oils,
Will *d KM*
to stop.
I
n<*
WM SUTTON COMPOUND CO.,
Limited,
TORONTO
£?0*1
THE ETERNAL FEMININE
Mr. Pepprey—For goodness sake What’s to prevent us going on a vacation ?
Mrs. Pepprey—Well, there’s the parrot. Wo can’t take it along Mr. Pepprey—But Mrs.
she’ll be glad to keep it for us
Metallic SKYLIGHTS
WORK HORSES IN HOT WEATHER.
Mr. Henry F. Hills gives his management of work horsqs in hot weather :
The management of the horses in
per
Yes. sir. Certainly, replied the astonished salesman.
An' I reckon if you was pushed
Denmark has 60 cows to every 100
Eng-
Brass Band
Nexdore
people, a European record land has only 27..
were on
when Minard's Liniment Cares Colds, ete
says
Mrs. Pepprey—I suppose so. thinks it will tell her some of our family secrets.
She
Instruments, Drums, Uniforms, Etc.
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A NANO
Lowest prices ever quoted. FIls catalogue 500 illustrât Iona, mailed free. Write us for any thing in Nulr or Nuirai ieulrsmeuts.
Whaley Boyce & Co..
Whv, Johnny, I'm ashamed of you.
take little Ethel s from her ?
fragrant
a 13AD OUTLOOK.
rs .«Hri
know we hate canned corn.
How could you half of the apple away ’Cause, ma, I ain5t forgot what you me—to always take sister s
you told | part.
Dominion Line Steamships

K^d'Moon ud Third-Claw accowwodatios. Fo«
iffiankt, dual
aAwJ Aof
aXvtCC
fit Jimux
Z
for the TEETH and BREATH
T7 State Sa. Bos
(fyensnn
JAcut Jjuccf it ^	&
fruit dth‘tiou4 - tïuffvus&anJ
i£ôd iuaÂfaSf io	(* ’tnkfrutaAk.
26o
lew She S0Z0D0MT LIQUID •	•
lew Meet lex S0Z0I0IT POWDER .
Urge LIQUID end POWDER
At the Store, or by M.U, po.tp.id, for the Price.
oenuirico tor v ^ rUCKEL Montreal.

FEATHER DYEING
25e
| up ?

Th
15«
3
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO.
s
m

l

il;
i


###PAGE###8###



N




m
r







J




:	WP





I

!
!
E. HOGGINS & SON’S ADVT.
ouR
LEADERS.
A Genuine
Bargain !
For the next three weeks we will sell at cost and under the remainder of our Summer Footwear
comprising
English Worsted Suits, all colors
Imported Serge
Suits, black and blue
20th Century Umbrellas at - -
PATENT BLATHER BOOTS
*15.00
t
SLIPPERS
TAN BOOTS,
>
SHOES.
Everything must Go
$12.50
Men’s Black and Navy Serge Suits are always popular. We have had a splendid one this summer at $8.00__a real good suit for the money. But we have had a chance of clearing out a small lot (only 12 suits) from the manufacturer, at a reduced price, and while they last we offer them at only seven dollars

to make room for a larger and better stock of
Fall and Winter Goods than ever.
$1.00
Look out for Bargains !
R. McGUIRE.
OPPOSITE
. . PONTIAC HOUSE - -
N|. STEWART
SHAWVILLE.

District and Country.
John Volin, Calabogie, wih teetn'Iy fined $8.00 ar.d costs for using profane language.
The station agents of the C. A. R. want an increase in their pay. Negotiation with the the company are now in progress.
The holy of the wo mm found in the Ottawa river on the 12th inst , was that of Mrs. St. George who is thought to hive suicided while suffering from mental Aberration due to neglect and i! tuent.
THE ANNUAL FETE.
li
!


Old Residkht Killkd. —Sarnia, Ont.,
Aug. IV.—Charles Foster, an old res dot.t of the town, in an attempt to stop a runaway tram was thrown down and run over thh afternoon, tho wheels passing over hia neck, kilting him ins-aatly.
i JtiHiK Char LAND Dkad -St. Johns, Que., Aug. 12 —The IIon. JudgeCharland died suddenly about ?>() this evening Wht’e sittit g on tho verandsh at the hotel he was taken smddvnly ’ll and helped into the house when he expired immediately.
V
The Central Canada Exhibition Association will hold their
Km «
OTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN R’Y.
I
Gatineau Railway.)
\T

!flt •
Summer Time Card
Taling Effect Monday lay 13,1901
OTTAWA
Only $7.00.
Herbert TVksbcrry, ion of Mr. I. P. | Tflckp.berry, the well-known auctioneer or 0 • iw\ was fatally phot by Joseph C. Banka at Saratoga - n Friday laat. He
FROM-
Train Nr 1 leave* Ottawa 5 00 P, M.
Train No. 2 arrive* “
Train No. t leave» “
Train No. 4 arrives “
Train No. 5 leaves "
Train No. (* arrives "
Traiu.No. 8 arrives
mm
Trains No. 1 and 2 dally except Sunday.
Train No. 3 ami 4 daily ex vpt Saturday & Sunday. Trains No. 6 ami 6 Saturday only.
Trains No. 7 and 8 Sunday only,
For tickets apply Ticket Agent, Central Station.
P. w. hesskm an.
Gen’l Ôup’t.
Lighting Kirk with Oil.—North B.xy, On
SEPT. 13th to 21st, 1901.
8.45	A. If. !t.l>0 A. M ti.13 V. M
1.30	V. M. 8.10 P. M
7.45	P. M.
9.30	A. M.
v - Aug. 12. — On Sunday morning	,,	,. , .	-	,
while .ghting a tire with coal oil, the 13- twa’ ^ jeuaold, nnd had been away tr
home for the past ten years.
This is the best clothing bargain we have ever been able to offer.
Remember only 12 Suits. Sizes 36 to 40,
no
'
)ear-old daughter of James Byrnes, was itevtre y burned by the oil igniting an 1 bursting the can.. She died this morning wit at nine (.'clock
St. John, N. P., Aug. 19.—Vavor Dat it*l has received word from Andrew Carnegie that he will grant Sr. John $00,010 for a library, provided St John will provide a site and guarantor $U,0tH)
I for the support of tho library.
-I Mtttnwa, Ont., Aug. 10—The body of , 1 George II. Douglas, of Toronto, who win drowned in the Ottawa river about throe miles from here, was found by Francois Ante ne and Xavier Ommando about ‘ I ten o’clock tine morning. The remains will be taken to Toronto this evening by "	9.001 his brother fur interment.
entries close on sept. iith.
The Ottawa p bee are after a woman , ha*» b^ew circulating counterfeit Newfounland 50-?ent i ieccs in Hull and Ottw.i. She is abou‘ 35 v »aia of aze dark complexion and .dressed in back, habit is to go to a store and tender the counterfeit money in return for small purchase*.
The Clergue Syndicate intends c:e at the “Sjo” one of the largest ft »ur in ids on the continent, a mill with the capnc y of nearly four thousand barrels per day. The output of this mill it is intended to ship direct to England by the new ocean going 8‘eamers to ke constructed with i view to the utl*;zition of tho 8t. Lawrence canals.
t>
I I be Go! I Medal Special Prize List «or and better than ever this year.
#350 offered in cash prizes by the Mn Harris Company,
Is
Special Attractions comprl
Balloon am*
usions and Pani'1!:(.-'<• :	Trained
eph#	c Wire Ar'i^-s, World -
Famous Dancers, all the finest ties which money can secure.
t.
Wfi
E. HOOGINS & SON.
special-
o
Official Time Table :
I he spectacular in the evening will he representation of the “ Siege of Tien Tsin and the destruction of the Boxer Stronghold. All the soldiers of the different nations will Ik* correctly uniform-I ed, and the representation will l>e the I tlnestever placed before the public.
AM
Arrive 9.45
Aylmer ? Brerkeurtdge VEardley Parker’» Crossing
?	'Mohrs (layon
Wyman's t Tan k Bristol McKee’s Bhawyille Clare's
Campbell's Bay ?Tank
?	'Vinton Cou longe
Arrwe WaithYm Wave <uo| The residents of the village of Muni* Died at Fort Ouulonge, on Saturday,
•Flag Station. tTank. fFlag Station. waUi are protesting vigorously because August ord, after an 1 Intel of a few dayr,
"%=.................................................................................................................................................
little over one year since the hand of death visited the homestead and took their son Joseph.' Much sympathy m|t. C. BATE expressed for the bereaved partn‘s.
5.45 Leave
M
9.21
«I
M2
4
8. .58
»»
6.18
Winnipeg, Ang. 19.—Charles Phillips, of Bath, Maine, one of the txsursioniste on the Harvesters' train, wrecked at In golf, has disappeared. Phillips was on tiusted with the sum of $102 raised among the excunonists fir Fireman C< r Immense* Fireworks Display in connection win, who lost one of his legs in the so- therewith, cident. Phillips himself m itributed $10 to the fund.
Montreal, Aug. 15 —The farm us Del*
___pit cseis tothe fore again. McdameDrlj.it
••	K.141 has started suit for ee pa rat it n against her
X	8 02 *1U8hAndi 08 a pteliminsry step to obtain
.«	7 r»2 possesiion of her ckildrm, now in her
**	7.81 husband's custody. Delpit is understood
7 18 1 to be in Maryland Dying to get a divorce " ï.Ôê1 there. It is said for that reason the C-ise in New York will be dropped
66
8.50
••
6.20
«•
8.40
it
6.37
8.22
• •
M
6.47
i«
6.56
Harvesting
Requisites
6.58
66
66
7.04
7.26
7.45
66

6.00
se
7.16
66
8 0S
66

6.12
66
SPECIAL RATES on all railway and steamboat lines both for visitors ami
exhibitors,
6.54
66
8.30
66
M7
61
On hand at Lowest Prices for CASH
Forks, Rakes,
Crain Cradles,
Crain Scythes,
Binding Mitts,
Straw Hats,
And everything you require.
P. W. RESSEMAN,
general superintendent | the county council neglects the village
affairs. Streets and walks eie in a bad condition and the ratepayers are clamoring for an improvement. They threaten
to have the work com pitted ami charged to the county.
Tweed, Ont., Aug. 15. —About ter o’clock jeitarday, two little girls, daughters of W. F. Graham, living abwt five miles west of hero, aged respectively 13 and 4 years, while playing with their brother's little rifle, the el lest one not knowing it was loaded pointed it at her
OTTAWA & MONTREAL. I little sister moi said : " Look how bro-
On ami after June 16, l wi, ami until further advised ther fires his gun,” and shot her through train service will lie as follows :	I the neck. She died last n'ght from the
wound.

WM. HUTCHISON, ex M. P.,
President. E. Me MAHON,
See*)., 20 Sparks St-
CANADA ATLANTIC
mm
Treasurer.
Toronto, Aug. 14. — Evening Tc'ezran/s special cable : London, Aug. 14.—Hence forth the command of the Canadian militia is to be given t* a capable tfticer cl isely connected with the Dominion, and this virtually means that General O'Grady Haley's successor wi 1 be a Canadian officer. In aome circles in Cinada coieiderab'e agitation over the appointment of an rffioer of the Dotnirvm force to the chief position in the militia has taken place.
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT. Trains daily between
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
000
Come and eee us as we are sure to please you.
000
To buy well, watch the latest price* and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
ARMSTRONG BROS, LADYSMITH.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
asmsa a ^ ™ u » ,h s=heoi
Hr.ui.li, Valley Held, connecta at Coteau Junction, quit teach Without giving the proper r.O-fi.rP9mw.iludpoint.w«rt;	lice, and the board of that town miurs'-
^	Der,-,m,nt
Parlor Car attached.	the teacher by suspending hie certificate.
alf.CO P. M., Limited—Stops So, Icdian, Glen Itvb- as a warning to others. Af or two years' AlexandHj and Coteau June. onlT,	negotiations between the school board
s ...Uh. Eduction Drinrtmen.,the,
all east of Mourrai. For Vaiie\tieid and ter has refused to eus; end the teacher,
Y8 ""T
in New York 7.20 a m. Has through Buffet Sleep- j Leidrcr, the teacher, firs agreed to pay ingCar, Ottawa to New Y,.rk.	I $50 damages, that smoutit - Ht he ac-
cepted or the courts mutt he resorted to for redress.
Too Many Farm Laborers Have
Gone West.
Samples Fttt
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto,
P. S.—Binder Twine—Plymouth Special.
Toronto, August Id,—A letter recti red by Mrs. E izt Marshall of 10 Glen road, from her son, one of a party of three young fellows who went out on a C.P. R. harvest excursion reveals a scandalous state of affairs regarding the excursions, unit ss it can b) ratiifactorily explained.
'Huse young fellows were itrr.ng, two of them experienced farmers, and all willing to work. Mishall tells of arriving at Portage La Prairie. He raya .
“We set out in the morning about six
__________________________o'clock and tramped arouud to some cf
Some very fire attractions have been the farms. Moat of the gram ;s quite secured for the Central Canada Fair at green yet. We visited any number of Ottawa, September 13 to 21. One that farm», and all the encourage Msnl we g t all the p30plo of this district will he was to be to told that they hands enough intf mtdd in ie the two Racing Oit riche*, men fir the cutting, shocking, etc., but Oliver Wt and Cyclone. These giant if wu would wait a round the town for two birds—one races attached to a sulky with week#, they might tike ua cn for the a driver against a horse, and the other threshing and they could not pay ue runs against a horse and jockey—are more than 50 cents or 75 ceri'H a day. truly marvellous specimens of their class. We offered to work fur our board until They have been trained to a wonderful the threshing came round, hut tkey told degree, and Oliver W. (he pacer, has a us they had men tn >ugh, and would not record of 2.02. The Ostriches have been n^ed us, so we went back to town and at demonstrations in several of tho big asked the farmers w ho can.o in, but they cities in the United States and the news- did not want to hire. And a big car papars^eay the people were unanimous in load of men came back from Brandon stating that the exli.bitio* s by those and Moosejtw and told us the place was birds were the n ost novel and enter- jammed wirh men and that there was no Tr&ine arrive at Ottawa Central Depnt :	taining of the many fine features of the twork to be rot 14> there; ao we tried to
11.10 A. M. From Madawaska, Pembroke, Egan- programme presented. It is said villa, Renfrew. Aroprior ami intermediate points, people were aroused to a high pitch of
5.55 P.M From Parry Bound. Egannlle, Ben- enthusiast So nee the Birds hold their
*:w	^ ^
ville, Rentre*, A mprlor and intermediate atatioi ». ; running florae*. .AH cur ïçwUfTt
know that wild ostriches travurfSry fast over the sandy wastes of Africa. A

I
OH AW VI LIE'S
V NEW
*6.55 P. M. Local-Stop» at Intermediate stations. Arrive» Montreal 10.00 p;ra. Connect» at Cot cap .Tunction for Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, Chicago etc.
SASH and DOOR
Ostriches to Rave at Ottawa Fa r
rv>
FACTORY.
Train* arrive at Ottawa Csoars! Depot :
*12.20 P M. Loral-from Boston, New York, New England and Montreal at H.15 a. m. Jins Pullman Parlor and Sleeping Cara attached.
< 9.05 P. M Lf <wl - From Montreal, and intermediate jKfintu, Cor await, Kingston, Toronto, and points west. Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving Montreal at 5,45, p. 111.
a 6.55 P:	L<mPcd—From Montreal leaving at
4.10 p.m. Has Pullman Parlor Car.


HAVE YOUR WATCHES AND
O
In connection with my former business I have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
CLOCKS REPAIRED AND OUAR-
#
ANTEED FOR ONE YEAR BY

Middle and Western Divisions.

TO AND FROM THE WEST.
Sash,
(Daily, except Sunday)
Train» leave Ottawa Outrai Depot :
. M. For Arnprirr, Renfrew. Egan ville. Brni-brukc, Firry'* Bay, WMtney. Canoe Lake, Hr-ry Bound and iiiteru.ediale pointa.
4.4U P. M. For Aniprlnr. Renfrew, Eganviile, Pembroke, Matlnwaskn and intermediate «station*.
Doors Mouldings,
Turnings, &c.
815 a
WHYTE, THE WATCHMAKER,
I
1.00 P. M. Mixed Train fur Arnprtnr, Renfrew, EgaLvdle, iladawaakaauU intermediate tstatfoun.
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first class work.
01T0SÏTE PONTIAC HOUSE
»
the go down to Yorkton, or mo of the towns on tho bmnch line, but they would not let us go on our tickets and said we had to pay more than we were able to pay. We have seen carload after carload of men going up from OPawa, Montreal, Quebec, etc., and most of them will have race between an <st:icb, with a pacing to como back. It is juste trick of the record of 2 02, against a speedy horse railway to get the price out cf you ; they
serves credit for securing nuch a splendid and Marshall aèks for money to bring TAm attraction.	» home fioro tîïît place.
MAIN STREET - - SHAWVILLE.
Thanking my ma* customers for their liberal patronage in the pant, I shall look forward to a future increase in business.
#
OTTAWA TICKET J*’FICES
Central Depot, Russell Reuse Block.
Jffl 6. ELLIOT!
Tl. k<-t* to
PROPRIETOR.
a. Train* ran daily cr'tpt Sunday. L .n.indajrunly. c, Daily.
f

.

*

m -


%

TV a ; I

