###PAGE###1###
ERREUR(S) DE NUMEROTATION

r
?
t

>
1
#
« i
\
X

?


No. 19
17rii Year
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
THURSDAY, NOV
It
1*5.	1899.
81.00 • a Year in Advance.
lZwJ™t »MiK' BASE
Editor Entity :	.	• Moved h, C„un. D muld,™,. wwmded
A frw words concerning my ti ip through by couu. Shaw, that (jeorg»r Findley be tlm North Wist Territories:	paid the sum of $5.0o for uid of hur-e
I left W innipvg on the 20tli Octolwr and cart on streets.
Arrived at Moved by coun. Mcltte, seconded by Mrnndun is a conn. Smiley, that, the following bill# be
pail : Alex Wilson, $22 0 Ktdes, $1.60 fur woik Young <V Draper, fur work on streets, $2 50; fj. Lang, fur work on ». m. street*!, and disinfecting &c,, $7 50; ar.d that the valuators each be pud for ah 'lays at $1 50, in accordance with the tablished rule of the
for tlio trip out to 1>. ( Brandon at 4.15, p. m.
OF CANADA.
Capital (fully paid up) . 91,500,000.00 ......................9U70.000.00
Kelt
cnn nnn nnn j tiny ®'**y 1»1hcu, vury plvuMintly located in *	™ 0O,Uv'l,UUU. tho centre <>f n gin ml farming country.
W. .1 n r.iadmaker
Hoard of Directors :
Chaules Maure, Esq., President. George Hay, esq.,Vice President.
John Mather, Esq, David Mac Lakkn, Ksq,
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000

t is a
Fact
Leaving there wu continued our journey going through lb-gum in thv night, and arriving at Mooaejaw about H.ijO This is a tine busy town, and is the junc tion of the Soo lino with the C. P. R Leaving there wo arrived at Swift Cur
U street with

Ilo». G KO. P H Y SO N, J H, Alex. Phaser, Esq ,
Head Ollier, • Montreal.
Dennis Mvriïiv, Esq
--O---
SHAH’VILLE BRANCH.
f H»
george nuhx
i>. Al. FI NM K
Gtineral Manager,
¦ lii.i11.
corporation.—Car
rent about 2.JO, jj. ni., and vrnxsvd the ried.
east bound express at that point. The Moved by cour. Shaw, seconded by Farinera note* bought and colleettd.	ranching country begins a abort distance , conn. McRie, that a by-law be naased
Money transferred to all parts or tho world. | west of Swift Current, at Maple Creek, levying a tax at the rate of 2 1-2 mills
and from there westward large herds of :	the dollar to meet	the
line cattle are the rule. Wo changed	for the year 1891).
ears at Dim more Junction to the Crow's j By-law read a first, second and third
We tiavelled through the | times short and passed McLeod and I Anchor Creek country in j	Moved by coun.	Donaldson,
the night, and missed seeing the best of	by coun. McRae,	that	we	do
Manager. | tliat section, but made lip for it by com | journ
ing through the Rockies in daylight, and j , j were well repaid for what wo missed in I I the cattle country, hy all the grandeur | of the mountains. Some of the towns
The funeral of :ho late Mm. Carmichael the line are Wardner, Fernio, Fort Steele I Regular session of the Council this who died Sunday evening, took place Wed end Cran brook, the latter being the chief day—Members present, Mr. Mayor Look for Photographer Imuon’s ndver- j neaday from her residence 14 The Valley" town of East Kootenay, and light in the Thus. McFarlane; Councillors, James
to the Protestant cemetery. Rev. Mr. centre of a tine mining and timber coun- Robinson, Thus. Prcndergust W. C. Mellick performed the service. The lateU*y	Dowell, W. A. Hodgina and John Smi-
Mr. Charles Kehock, of Thorne, died | Mrs. Carmichael wa? 81 years of ago. She i The weather livre is very mild, freezing ley.
leaves a grown up family te mourn her	* little	at night, and being	very	warm! Minutes of last meeting read.
X M^ial sermon will be preached	by I	Ioee« one «°*» James, a lawyer in Chicago,	j during	the day, Wages are	from	$2.50	j Moved by coun. W. C McDowell,	euc-
Kev. It. Warrington at CampbelPa Buy,	on	!	ant^ ^ve daughters, Mrs. Fraser, and Mrs.	to $3.00 |ier day, and board	$5.00 per	'ended by coun. John Smiley,	that	the
Tuesday evening, November 21st.	Spenc*, Miss Carmichael Miss Lorenaand	week.	Altogether this is is a	tine	coun-	] minutes of last meeting ivs now	read be
Miss Maggie Carmichael.	I try with a bright futuie before it.
We regret to announce that the condi*	Yours truly,
tion of Mr. Jeniee tiudgms ie little it any- Lut week Bailiff Do Cooli, of Hull,	David Cbaiu. I onded by coun. Jae. Robinson, that this
thing improved.	| br«.ugt Catherine Paquette, aeixteon-ye r j	_____________ Council ie aatished to give to Mrs. A.
#### ',
Mr. Cole Hayes, of this town, has reniov | hedged that the accused, who was tin-	j Method ist ( Iipreh at Shaw ville, on Friday	order to Thos. Prendergast for the	said
ed histaimly to the property ui Mrs. Tuva	P! ,yi'd as a domestic in a neighbor s house,	November 17th, 1809. There will he	| two bbls. of Hour, which he offjrs	for
C. Hudgins on the lifm range oi C.areu- 8ecurt‘d Sjramer a purse, containing the three sessions morning, afternoon and $0.50. —Carried
dun, which, wu understand, ne has l.aeea Gxmey and notes frmn the house, whore evening. Morning beginning at 10 o’clock. At this juncture John Stewart takes tor a term ul years.	ho. was •topping. W hen charged with the The general secretary of the Provincial 1 his seat.
curnc, it is said, she first admitted it, eta*- 1 nion,K. West 1 y llalpenny, visited the Protest of Philip Cm kran, Matthew Mr. J« Scott, miller in U. S. Dowd n	nig that slm gave tho ni mey to her father	• county in July with a	view to reviving	Thomson,	Henry Horner and Alexander
mill, has removed with Ins family to For-	and burned tho purse. She afterwards do	the work in the county,	hut could not give 1	Watson read.—Some talk
tage du Fort where he haw secured em	m<‘d all knowledge of the atfiir. The girl	sufficient time to it then. We want now	Moved	by coun. Thos.	Prendergast,
ploy ment m the gust mill. Mr. 8 coll	a,l<* . r	w^re	given a preliminary	to rally our forces, re	c'ect our officers	seconded	by coun. John	Stewart, that
and family will bo mused at Quyou,	ifaru.g before Justice of i he Peacu	and prepare for strong and aggressive |	road inspector Thus. Jay. Johnston,	be
where they made many 11lends.	4,11,1 n* * ickanocK, but too girl was	Work in future. Let every one who pos-	instructed to proceed and notify the	par
alone	-maible furlhc thefr.sihly	road list
The Bryson correspondent of the Oc eavn acliool in the county send two dele- formed their road labor, assigned them, tawa Citizen, makes complaint as follows,	to come and do it now, and if they re-
regarding the mail service which prevail» 1 lie former genera! secretary Mr. S. II. tuie lie is instructed to emp oy lab;r and at the chef lieu at present There is a Archibald, was well known in the county perform the work due by said parties and good deal of dissatisfaction regarding the !ln^ h,w frequently spoken highly of its report to tins Council ai its next meeting mails nod letter*. I». appeals, orders m’oies: in Suivi ty School work to the —Carried.
have come from the department prohibit- present secretary his successor whu earn- Moved by coun. Thos. Prendergast, ing the mail ciriicr to Oiaiko’a Station t-^ly hopes that all «nid may be s ib.sUn- te.ended by coun. W. C. McDowell, from accepting any letters from tho pub- ^	.	that the bill of Mr. Young, $2 00, bo
lie, bo that Bry ionites aro ivt allowed ns . one is excluded. All S'undv.y Schools * paid, ajso the bill of Thos. McCord, 8 formerly, t<» forward answers to letter*	county are members of the Vnion. ctdira at 30 cents each and three days’
which they <^vo it your thought and attention.	work at 80 cents per day.—Carried.
E. W . H ai. penny,	Moved by coun. John Stewart, second-
Gcncral Secretary,	od by coun. John Smiley, that road in-
^ 7 < oursol Street.	specter Alex Smart, be and is hereby in-
structed to notify Matthew Sinclair to remove his fence off the road privilege Within ten days from the date hereof, otherwise Bailiff Elliott will be sent to
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rate*.
A GENERAL HANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
Draft* tunned on all Bankir ion, United Stale* and Great
Notes sud Bills collected#
Intercat allowed on Deposit Receipt at current rates.
Hums of $1 and upwards received 11 Saving* Department. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Hours—10 a. m. to 3 p. in. Saturday 10a.m, to p. ni.
g po'nts Britain,
In the Domili-
on
THAT OUR STOCK OF
RAVINGS BANK. *
Account* opened for amount* of one dol tara and upward* and Interest allowed.
current expenses
Nest. Pass Ry
Officr Horns Saturdays .
/
10 Â M. T 10 A M. TO 1 r M.
V. A. PARK Kit
furs;
I'M
, seconded now ad*
I
Carried
LOCAL NEWS.
Have you tried Dowd's 44 High L>af Flour J
Clarendon Council
is not equalled in the County.......
on
Are you using Dowd's Flour ?
Usinent un another page of this paper
suddenly on Sunday last
Sales have beerç brisk during the past few weel^s, but our stock is still very complete. See us before you buy if you want a good reliable article at a reasonable price.
and are hereby confirmed.—Carried. Moved by coun. XV. C. McDowell, sec
I
Ladies’ and Children’s
CLOTH JACKETS
At Greatly Reduced Prices.
Plenty of nice, stylish goods to select
. . . from. . . .
Mr. A. Richardson, of Maple Ridge, has removed his family to Shaw vu.e, having leased his premises at tho place
named
Mr. A lux Nicholson, of Billerica, has also become a resident ut our town.
Mr. S. A. Mackay, Notary Pu lie, has decided to resume the practice of his profession in Pontiac, to which intent he wiil remove to the village of Rryeon. He intends visiting Stiawvillo every Tuesday.
J. H. SHAW.
PBBBIHBiHHHHl *,l	the date on
The Rev. F. A. Allen desires The are received. The reaeen why those or Equity to acknowledge his grateful up- ders have been given are inexplicable, predation of confidence showu by loan of A letter addressed to Mull now passing more than 200 cherishedphotographs for l through Hull in tho morning, goes reproduction in Elliott's Hall at.the ap- j through to Ottawa and is returned to preaching Klondike Excursion on Wed* j Hull between four and five o'clock in the ¦¦	evening. Oxn plaints	to !><'¦¦¦
less, for the postmaster general appear*
The death occurred at Ottawa on Sat-I deaf to any complaints. ’ Doubtless 14 1 urday morning of Mr. Arthur McLean, William,
Montreal
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
nesday, 22nd Nov
use
a,^!æx- r wSrSH
and the place seemed very gay with the j —Carried.
uniformH of tbe men and flags flying-j Moved by coun. John Stewarr, second , . .	.	.
Mra.Mm M, Hire, tho popukr hostess ufLd by coun. W. A. H-dgins, that rural highest station, I only send you this a. a theOtterOike Rouse, who knows w l ^etorJas. C. Armstrong, be and is token of my personal esteem and friend-
well how to get up a good meal, had dm her;.by iliatructed to notify Henry Hur- sh,p anf* 38 ar> assurance of my best wisn ner waiting for them on their arrival. A	,	Philip Cuikren, Alexander Watson	e8J°f the entire success of the mission	on
very enjoyable day was spent, what with	l	d Matthew Thomson before the lirst	which you are about to sa. .
a shooting match, dancing and a box	j	,f DtfCember, 1609, to remove their	Success however, largely	depends	on
social m the evening everyone neeuiutl	respective portions of the fence on the	way the government is	prepared	to
charmed with the day s program; and road privilege on the side line between treat the bonds for the capital required thought there was something in the wind lota 9land 10 on the 2 range, and that it f,,r ‘h° construction.
Tub Eui'irv last .„k ...	I ÏSS.’Sf^"	Jïïï	“ "" "	"
EHîESEüfEiHHE EF	L tar afesrat	*,
Lost—between Hudgins' mill, North I ^FcîEdÏ^ '^^en^Eldw/%T	^Anfrel ^ivld I » “ ^ou't.w:^k" d.oT .y” Hot
dà^ Novn3rdd a ÏUher SÏÏ' contain- | ™e ceremony was performed on No- here Monday Tv Jning ,ind"eft"for"ho,mi	C°Ue°"ng	"" Petlt,ou- ~ The large mercantile establishment of j	~~ ~ ~
.'Z," d.'mn'ln<1In formation^oYtK 'Ime I ™,her’ h/ '£e	R Warrington of M™^' Moore, of the Otter Lake I^nTj'm.Uurl^CouZl'adjoumed' "'r°^dhAre on ^f^8y corning last. | he Works, Alex. McDmmld.^propnetor
will be thankfully received by	Portage du Fort, and in presence of a House, went to Bristol, Shaw ville and At tnsjuuc ne „ J	Everything in the building comprising a ; turns out s superior class of work in Mon
Trveman Hodoins han,ber of the friends and acquaintances Campbells’ Bay Wednesday, returning	Trn7.„ ’r Urge stock of fall goods, was consumed, uments, Headstones, etc. Prices reason-
Yar’m. of lhe,popull,r .young couple The bride Saturday.	I Til-n	shawville N?,v (i 18W The loss is placed at <75,000, partly cov-1 able
waa the recipient of a number of use	Messrs. Win. Kelly and W. Cahill, of	lown ual1* ®naw 1 e* ^ * * ' * ered by insurance. Adam Brison, a bus
Prompt Payment.—Last Thursday 1 ful and valuable presents, a tangible evi- Campbells’ Bay. went up to the upper	*_____ driver, was crushed to death beneath one
evening’s mail brought to the Secretary ; dence nf the high esteem in which she i* lakes Wednesday on a fishing trip.	nurti irnon onuDADmiu of the walls of the large structure which 1	Church Services.
» x c«v.....il. r /t a cheque j held by the large circle of friends wh-	Mr. F Murtagh went to his depot	ONE MOKh bUrrüKlÜjK. collapsed and fell upon him as he was1	-----
the death I enioy her acquaintance After the knot Thursday, and there was another gang of	---- passing out of the yard. The fire is | sh^wvmp N	Pam?j,Churcbe
1 1 "	- I men for his limit ahead of him Wednca- i Dr. Selwyn Approves of Georgian ! supposed to have been caused by the fur \ngf 6 ;i0*	eveniuc '' 7°30 even*
. iiuuA. *	v.«« v..v vMiiu I aouiimiu K-.vot«	» umm. cujujamo | aay.	ü„ v „nfti SrhAmo	I nace, igniting the floor of the ro^m above,	*
despatched till the arrival of the evening before taking leave of the hap y Miss Laurena Farrell has gone to col-	*	I where several kegs ot gunpowder were . dhawvilleMothiidiotChüIICH.—Mom-
--	*"J -*--J	1 young cu,,kin Who.e fu.ure happinJ lege ir(htowà	g	I	---- I stored	mg service, 10.30; ivening service 7.00.
and welfare all am sincerely concerned. Mr. P. M. Farrell was in Shaw ville	Mr. McLeod Stewart, last week received
Returning to their hum* last week, Wednesday and Thursday.	the following letter from Dr. S*l*yn, late
after a short wedding tour, th« friends ot Mr. Richard Hynes, of Bristol and j director of the geological survey, in regard the groom at P 'r»ng«i dti F*»r* accorded his son-in-law, Mr! Win. Caldwell, were 1,1 ltlti Bltawa and Georgian Bay canal Mr. and Mrs Smil. y a right royal recep- here a few days this week, and were the l8che lie: tion, ue well adding »uM*niially t. guests of Mr. Robt. Farrell, ho list of wedding giffs
investor who can appreciate and discount tho results certain to accrue from the construct ion and opening up of this magnificent line of water transport. In view of the many warm friends and supporters whose sympathies and approval you have entitled, including men of the
Young People's Paper.
X copy has reached us of the fiisi, number of the Young People s Paper, published by T. J. Shanks & Co., at Kingston, Ontario. This journal is intended to he to the young folks of Canada what the Youth’s Companion or Harper's Young People is to those of the United States, ho far as the much lower ; half a dollar a year—will permit number before us contains
a engaged in designing a new eldest son of Mr. Hector McLean, of j postage stamp, and is averse to having Eardley, after an illness of some duration. J too many irons in the fire at ouce.—Ed. Deceased leaves a wife and family to mourn his loss. The remains were interred at Eardley cemetery on Sunday.

Beauty at Elliott's Hall
DENTISTRY.- Dr. Stackhouse, Sur
EdElBHiEBE j •?''HfprS ç Z
call early/	mothers, and hundreds of leading citi-
Owlng to an accident to the electric car j zen% wives and acquaintances till the which he was coming I)r. Stqpkhouse , utage upon a crowded canvas.
size
price
The
an interesting
selection of short stories, anecdotes, counts af travel and adventure, glimpses of natural science, bits of useful informa» tien and other matter especially suited to the youthful mind. In an articles addressed to parents particular stress is laid the importance of seeing that their children are supplied with something better than the trashy and degrading literature so common at the present day.
v-pn
was uffhbk to fill his last appiontments.
The Shawville An iteur Dramatic Club was formed in town last week, hy members of the 41 Colored” Minstrel Company who gave one performance last spring. The new organization will iuplude several of the fair sex of our town. ^Mr. A. J. Jackson has been chosen manager.

ac
Hymeneal
on
Destructive Fire at Renfrew
i
of Court Shawville, I. O. F.,
for one thousand dollars, being the death ! enjoy her acquaintance ^ claim of the beneficiary of the late Dr. had been 41 well and truly tied,” the a*
H. H. Knox. From the time the claim semhled guests sp*nt a most enjoyable I da was i
cheque only six days had elapsed
i
I
Epworth League—Monday, 8.00, p.m.
I I Julies Prayer Meeting -Tuesday, 
Regular Prayer Meeting Friday, 7.90
PRBSBYTBRI
Social Nov. 29—Tlie social under the auspices of the Ladies’ Aid of the Methodist Church, advertised to he held on Wednesday evening, Nov. 1st, and unavoidably postponed, will place in Elliott’s hall on evening, Nov. 29. Tea served from 6 to 8. A choice musical and literary program will lie presented, and during the evening a sale of useful and ornamental articles will be held. General admission, 15 cts.
7.110.
Lumber Business Booms
mic Hall, Rev. Mr,
A>

Prices for Canadian lumber, especial!) Ba-ck) Sunday. 10.30, a.m. Vancouver, B. C , 1st, Nov., 1899. I for common grades, i* h'glicr than it, h My Dear McLeod Stewart,—1 whi over been known before Thin i» il pleased to learn ihat you were proceeding statement of a prominent Chaudière lun Tho new Pre*bv(*»rimi Church at P-rk-l	"*	I it once to I^oudort to promote your Oita- berman. The Canadian and Butiah im
man, had celebrated within i»* wall* o	# Shawville Council.	uud Georgian B.iy Canal scheme, to- kers are simply booming, and a funh
Wednesday last, »h« fir*» marriag-	---- wards the accomplishment of which you rise in the British inaiknt i* «xp ct i
.	_.	ceremony in it» hiatnry The contracting	Minute* «»f nguiai eees'un of the M u-	nave done *n much in Canada.	My own	j	The mills at O'tawa are potting all »h
Shawville Photo stuaio.— Having	.mrtipa were Mr F. C arke, chee«e inanu-	icpai Council of the Municipxii-y *»•	view» respecting it are well known to you.	export trade they can a tend o,
purchased the photograph business of A.	facturer, and Mi** Fannie Young, sisfe» I	Snawwose, h II on M-mdsy, tin* 6 n day	| Now, on your own deoariure.	I muât	prier s are g-aid enough to *au»fy
L. Handford, I intend making this a per-	f Messrs Sila» Y *u"g, merchant, of I	of Novt-mb -, 1899 Piesei.r, Mr. M<v	j wish you ihe gna eat possible	measure	l	umberman. Business smund ih$- C
manent stand during the winter and will	R*rkman, and	Mr. B W. Y o g. of this	" G.	F H » gin*; Cuu« cillor*, .1 H	of ucce*» in y«;ur endeavors in London.	I diere nulls, is being rudn-d ju*t at pi
introduce my work to the general.public,	village. Rev	Mr Bick « fiîmated. A	Shaw.	J A C wan, D »n*ld McR-re,	The scheme, if carried out, is one,	| so that all the *awn.g win be done t>	t	•
I am running greatly reducetl prices till	reception was	given the y iong couple in	earn,$26 37;Jamrs Prend» rg**t, fo» work	which iu its *tfv-ct, in promoting the trade	there is any danger of interference	*»
further notice. OBbtoet . photoe, $8.00 I the evening	by Mr. and Mrs. Silas	Arihu«	8uitl«ty and 0«n. M D »it«ld*n» .	I and commerce and seulement of the D r	anchor ice. Booth’s mill will be run	u
per dozen; half dozen, SI. 00. Sunbeams, Young, at Park man.	M >v«d ny coun. McU.e, seumnie i by hi mon is second only to that which ha* nil the last of the pres, ut month Tli
76c. per dozen. A crayon enlargement	„.	. ^ ..... coun 0 wan, that lutnu ea of la#» <>gu a op«#ii achieved by the Canarian Pacific cut this year, however, is hardly up
for $3 50. Call and sec samples. A tnal	.	-	...	ronn»u,g rm adopted.—Carried	railway, as such it is certainly deserving the average as the number of l.ige ink
solicited. Wood taken m exchange for lecture om 44Ireland "iBSstrated vrifhla^	Mov^d by ooun. Cowan, seconded by of the greatest encouragement and sup out last winter fell sum»-what below i.
photos.	ter views, In Portage du Fort, town hall	Shaw, that the supplement »t the port that can be given it by an enlighten usual amount. The mill, however, h*
n a	imisow, i noto^rapher. on Monday evening, Nov. 20.* Good pro! ! juror's h*l tor «he year 1899, be and is ed, far-seeing and patriotic g «vernment, been kept busy with a large gang of
P. 8. 1 hob* taken ram or shine. 1 gram In connection.	I hereby approved.— Carried.	(and alee by the discern.ng cst ita ist and employed.
now take Wednesday
V

+
Sans Ceremonie
WANTED Bright men and women who arc not too proud to. work and would like to make some money during the next three months handling the v ful14 Light of Lift-some make twice capital unnecesHLi BRADLEY GAL

er
#3.00 a day it. Ex per
re ;
or
ifi SON CO., Lt\ , Braulf rd.

? n

GENTS Wan and o I • h-wey. " th hero. B Mur nlemi and ail ». iteel and h**i Inche»; neari- oo lions Only $i 5u.	<- «,
commission*. u i lifetime. Writequ « k . T, P»ny, 3rd Poor Caa...i. s dg
A
E
h
al
al
*r
c
j
«1
•c
«I
T-
5oo
I
10
*-

U* ¦ eliiM
Clin he»
l>i»nilniim l bieuuo
¦C

ttIHI
I




1

L




!
1
K
>
###PAGE###2###
I
\
House Parlies in England
Hie Black Speck ~ SrSSI™7AS' treasure oate|EEHEBHE
tu iul so absorbed with one subject
tjiet no other can imssibly aquoese in,|IT CONTAINS FABULOUS STORES I country.
ami low ih the only monopoly that	QF GOLDFN INGOTS	Dale and his companions could H*'*'
dot’su i admit ot beta. Iry it.*	I	_	*	but little hope for theiuaelvcn, ©spool®!*
lle shook h s head. 'Does one fall in	—	hv aH they had admitted they were in
love s duply by making up one’s mind >% ll,,e Quern of I lie Oar Xorih liullsns L search of gold The fact that they to do U V	^««l Juin, w. Dale. Who Wketvrrrd W0M pl l0tM| under a heavy guard aille fell into gloomy silence. Sud»	Ihe Muluy l»i%v t.ohi llrlds, Mow Mu* lMr ^©ir interview with the Queen
de lily he raised Ins head with a de-	Qvrr Unlaid Healiii.	L|j,| uol tend to raise their spirits, and
ttMUnmnl jerk.	After a reign of many years Andaga, I they felt sure that death was but a
«..t	k —.............. w i«. i«, ‘w "fj, -ïÏÏJÏi
erything that one can do to keep time ruled over a small band ol attractive
thought dead, and tire out the body* Indiana occupying a territory some "We will leave here to-night,” calm*
1IVIV 1	‘ 1 ,u' ^,1,slvr' ,UM 1	3UU miles north of the line dividing the ly announced Dale one evening, alter
».	««to. ........
one look at his fare told me that he and her daughter Nila, the wife of yueen'H daughter. '‘Fact is, 1 have had l»oasled in vain.	John XV. Dale, the young man who dis- made an impression on Nila, and slie’s
me so suddenly. 1 m off next week on place, says a Fort Francis, Ont., letter. viaj( tiie treasure cave, take what gold an vxploiing trip to South Atncu , bet- (Such is the news that has been we can carry and then join you.”
F°Ulj-	it is the first information of a definite night. Guided by a figure wrapped
ot a moment he brightened at the character that has reached the outside in furs they started for the mountains.
ot talking it over, however, and going nearly three years, when Dale, who L|e . ^ (ho njght with the guide,
1,110 l‘,BUul °l 1 hf scientific part of the , had been prospecting in that region whom they knew was Nit a.
, ...	.	. .	..	-	« , in ht. h rancis, w here, they told t heir
The next woman who is now his wife, and relat-l t0|y th were lnugbeti at as men
mo tiling when^ he got out of his berth ©d u tale so startling that its truth who had been temporarily crazed by he caught hold of me with a hone- 1	1	1
breaking grip.
“ It’s gone, man,’ he exclaimed, his
face radiant with relief, it’s gone I house full of gold and had had a uar- A party of men were gathered about
s ,r r,r "r dr1 ¦¦ u-1 fcs»1’«'i	’
of u dream troubled me the whole 100 Indians, who, he said, called them- structure which passes as a night through. You've saved me, old selves the Uugavus, and had a while Rainy Like City, when the door opened fellow, you’ve saved me/ and h s grati- woman for a Queen lie. with his and in walked Dale
I", U.;	... - s7.r.zAvTtf.rsss s
and his spiiits rose with every night oalw by ihe young woman, the daugh- (|je wife of the proprietor of the hotel, he passed m dreamless sleep, mid when ter of the Queen, who had later fled L iter Dale and she were married in were finally camped and at work, with Dale	lower, Minn., by one of the Roman
surrounded by the solitude of nature, ...	‘	.	. ,	. . . Cat hollo priests who periodically visit
the sun brazen and the nights chit- 1	. aUl1 girl were married 10 *t. this section of the country,
ling, hv actually gained flesh in his Francis several weeks after their ar- Two or three weeks after their mar-new-found freedom of mind.	rival here, and finally returned to the riage the Indian girl began to fret
«wÆJ^'*ysÆvtSi5 “ - «» «r-r -• .to. to,. .I»	r .s1
take a guide or two and go off in lhe daughter might make her peace hack D;l,v trie<1 jo vain (0 ^rwuade search of the rare game. One night with her mother, the Queen. That she her to remain in civilization, hut she the guide came back without him, re- was successful in her undertaking is would not listen to it, and at last ‘her
— ¦» •¦—»> - -........ ™-buïï“!.^™d $5 sas
a thicket. 1 he night wore on and he ner« who has just brought the news of | jia8 no^ i,een heard from until the In- dear, to lie sailing on the matrimonial did not come. 1 was just on the point of rousing the men and starting a search party when 1 heard the pony s hoofs coming at a rapid rate, recklessly running, not the slow, sure trot of usual habit. As 1 stood out from the fire the pony swerved by me and Fred threw hiiuself from the saddle, his face livid.
" 'My dream!’ he panted in a whis-r, hie ey. s diluted v UUi hofrror.
The realization of my dream 1*
1 stared at h m, struck dumb.
XX hat did he mean ?
“ 'll was just after n.ght,* he went on, still in that strange whistler, as though the fear of the unseen had smothered him, ‘1 was riding toward camp past a certain thicket, when a sound came from it, au awful sound, at first like the low chuckle of an owl, then rising, rising, like the wail and triumphant cry of an eagle, until it tore the air and curled round me and over me and seemed to tear my flesh and suck my blood. It was awful 1 infernal—1 don’t know what 1’
shivered. All the health and life and hoi*) had gone out of him.
" ‘And as it made a coward, of me,’ he went on ; 'it caane to me like a picture—my dream 1 The voicing of my dream. It terrified the pony, as it did me. He bolted, but he could not go fast enough for my desire. But it is in my ears, worse than the dream.*
“He clenched his hands, and throwing back his head, gave the cry.
“Never in my life have I heard its equal. Clear, shrill, yet resonant, it was ghoulishly wild, humanly revolting, it seemed to warp itself into the marrow and freeze there 1 The
perspiration ran irom every pore of hand	of man, only	broken	here	and
me, the flames seemed to shrink to- | there	by mighty masses of	rock or ex-I e(j ,n everything, from astronomy to
gether and burn blue. The silence , tensive swamps, in	which	wild	rice	horse racing. With such	a wide lati-
followed was awful iu its posai- grew	in profusion.	tude from which to choose	subjects for
In Hi 31 v* h;it might be.	After several days of hard travel-1 discussion is it any wonder that what
“Carter m ;ips moved again. I threw ing they came to a range of mountains, “8tie sixli\ to him,” and vice versa out my hand. Don’i ! 1 shrieked, in plainly the divide of the country over | should fail to interest her? terror, 'don’t dare do that again 1
FALL FUN
Why do they say. “ !"*'?« tire born,
not made f” They want tu put the Maine on some one who can stand it.
Usher, the court having been much
annoyed by the shuffling of feet,—
Will yo Mould yer tongue# up there with yer feet in the gallery I
He is not in, said Mrs. Shortly to
the collector. Madame, I know he in not tin, eaid the collector, want to know, has ho any ?
Returned Volunteer—What’s an appropriate gift from a soldier to his
sweetheart f Jeweler—1 should think a powder box about the right thing.
Teacher—Why don’t you answer the
question, Frits ? Frits—You yourself
told us only the other day to remember that "speech is silver, but silence is gold."
Rejected Suitor, flippantly
well, there are just a# good fish in
the sea as were ever caught. She—Yes, George, there are; but unless you change your bait they are safe.
That Miss Ttqwail makes me angry
with her talks about yachts. Why ? I
When the last notes of the Lon do# fieasuu died away the owners of Kng. lish country places whereon there i§ good shooting were busy preparing to entertain shooting parties says a writ* So much that is keen and bracing, social and otherwise, attaches to tbs sh ot mg season in Great Britain that by August 20 all pleasures of the to we pale before it varied emotions, is over, Eton and Uar* row have filled Lord’s for the famous event in their cricket year, every one is more or less conscious of being a hit fugged after so much town life, and the fact that "close time in the count try is over is hailed with delight.
Where there is keen love of sport of when a particularly good shooting 1er» ritory is at hand all hosts and hostesses of country houses make up pleasant parties, fixing the dates with a view to congeniality among the guests ag well as to the convenience of Loth sides.
'Tome to us from the 20th to tbs
huit settled in this rich gold-bearing
Ami this is how 1 heard it.
It was alter dinner, and we sat lu a quaint, squan- hall, before the brilliant fin* of blazing logs gowns of the women were, here and there, shadowed by the black coats of the men. The gay stream of talk that had flowed out fnun' the dinner-table gmdually deqpeaied into the more subdued interchange of thought maid experiences, and under the influence ou the changing pictures in the fire and the soft light of the lamps, turned to the weird and unknown.
Then the narrator, taking his cigar from his lips, told us the following, and as his rich voice stroke of strange and weird fulfillment we drew closer together and were glad of the cheerful blaze upon the hearth;
Does any one here believe in dreams as fore-runners or warnings of events? Personally, 1 never did years ago 1 had an experience that caused me to consider them from a new loint of view and that not a pleasant point.
“Du you remember Fred Carter f Dig Fred, always quietly cheerful and up-to-date on most th ugs going that h.ui nothing to do w ith imagination i Not that he was utterly ilevo.d of imagination ; he had just enough not to make him too matter-of-fact and keep him healthily adjusted.
“At least, that is the way 1 would have thought of it if 1 had had occasion to analyze him mentally, but I’m not much given to analysis, and Fred wasn’t the kind of fellow to suggest it.
“Bui one night 1 somewhat changed uiy opinion. 1 met him at the club, looking hollow-eyed and jaded.
“’What’s the matter <' lasted.
“Don't sleep very well/ was his laconic answer.
'Insomnia ?”
The light
or
What I
Derby day/' with Ua
— Oh
too
But three
told her I had put a new binnacle on my yacht and she asked mo if 1 had scraped all the old ones off the hull.
Customer, in a rage —When I buttoned your coat for the first time it feeling that within those dates you are
split down the back. Clothing Deal- a guest specially desired; that you are er—Indeed 1 It must be, then, that the never overstaying your welcome or in. buttons were eewed on too strongly!
27th if you possibly can/' writes your friend, and you have the satisfaction of
was my companion.
We left m the evening

the hardships they had undergone TIIE1R STORY DERIDED.
was doubted.
Dale said he had discovered a store-
terfering with anybody rise's plans or intentions, and you come and go with tho agreeable assurance of a welcome and an "Auf Wiedersehn'' which am
They way ejie married for money.
She
That’s where they were wrong
thought she married for money, but ¦he was mistaken. Then what did she marry for ? She hasn’t found out
the two-story log
hotel in
gurs pleasantly fur the commg year. :
A typical party of the kind was at a charming place about fifty miles from L"iidou. .where I was met at the station by my hostess, who was a capital "whip,” and who drove me over the
t he
some xv hat
yet
1 was discharged simply to vindicate
an old adage, said Simpkins. How was
that ? The adage aaye
there's smoke there’s fire.” The boss had a rule against smoking. 1 smoked and was fined.
Where
we

four miles of deep green country,
pointing out objects of interest and
I understand, said the tourist that chatting of mutters familiar to us both
In that pistol duel yesterday an in- jn (he simple, cordial fashion which 1#
notent bystander was severely wound- the English woman's nearest appioach
replied
friend
Needn't xx <>rry Rubberneck Hill. They ain't no innocents in the whole town.
ed
to demonstration.
My friend was a young married woman. and enthusiastic over the way they were restoring pa i ts of the old
the death of the Queen, and crowning | dhn runner brought the news of t he I 8ea wj(h «uch a kind and loving mate? manor house* which we were approach»
of Mrs. Dale in her place. At-tah-wa- Mention of Mrs. Did to the position Mr young wed—Yes. indeed ; but don't in« Al wua a P^turasquc. ir régulai
go, the runner, says the Queen was |11 Wueen.	y«>u think we’d better put into port building, of the period when the early
a little while and ship n cook Î	Tudor began to merge some of its con.
An Absorbing Topic.—Dick — Miss plexity into wider, simpler lines, the
unu __	; middle portion stood out, showing no
' xra r r i iEHHEE»
haired, short-skirted female. who mer beau—Mention pearls to her, and circular, and showed the most delight* strides, sticks her hands in her coat you will have nothing to do but listen fu| p,^g, curving, low windows all pockets, lectures on woman’s rights— an<* !'uy*	around on the ground floor, and above
or rather her wrongs-and who warns 1	*l,u hai1	to burn in quaint easements of unique design
JXfz	5S % B- BEEHE EH	r? a
i rancis, according to the diary, and, suade her to change her own name. 0{ dollar bills.	party. Should you arrive at tea time,
wdlici1^! ^ 1L r°°1, hUti klfied dUthB The bachelor girl is, on the contrary. Anybody, who knows enough, said the guests will be chatting agreeably
north. in th, gizzard ‘of each duck Ua 8wetit and womanly as her more Mr. Spiffing ran learn something from	whkT wS
was found considerable gold, some of domestic sister. She is strong, in- « anybody el»», however ignorant the ^ 8|lown t0 your 'rooms, generally it quite pure, and some of it mixed deed, in the truest sense of the term latter may lx*. That is true, assent- dressing and sleeping apartments ad-wuh sand and gi avel or bits of peculiar L^€ sense which has no need to show ed Mrs. Spiffing, cheerfully Now, I j,,in ng, where eve y po able arrange»
r°"T*hat rock came from the f ir	eccentricities, hut which. !ran occasional^ learn something from nit>nl fur comfort is made, and every
IBIS
tl,.1)ti8-	.	..	.	,,	. like of goss.p. She herself never discus- bourn, for fear of accidents. I don’t „ame must not be touched, according
1 rocuring supplies in Ft. Francia the ses her friends’ affairs, and should (1are do that, Rivers. It always rains fQ |aW| amj ten days after "close litt le party set out to find the gold regarding some person’s conduct the I when 1 lend it.	Itime” no game, unless that which ifl
£ àSHErlS EBSüHEt— !	r,.;: ;
probably has uu equal outside of 8he does not care to listen to other as this ? Mr. Caudle—Yes, you aie .	exceot in rabbit holes
STM ÏÏSrvKSSS	^ -”* •**»•' i* «—•*»-«*¦-‘WSS’SK.
She is broad-minded, and is interest.
Mrs. Y'oungwed—Are you hajrpy
No,’ gloomily Uuinph 1* I said to myself. 'Trou-Cau’L be money, for Fred was Tt w on’t do to step on his toes
*1 wish it was.*
blé
rich
with questions.'
“ 'Well, old follow,' 1 slid aloud, ending the pause during which 1 had been trying to think how to put my willingness to serve h ui into words without pressing the matter further than he wanted to go. ‘If it’s anything in which 1 can serve you, be sure to call on me.'
taken ill several weeks ago, suffering from what he describes as "burning in the head and devils in the chest"—probably pneumonia Uugava Indians with their white ruler —the woman who has just passed away —and the discovery of the storehouse of gold was brought about in a peculiar manner.
GOLD IN THE DUCK'S CRAW.
TIIE BACHELOR GIRL
1 he finding of the
'That's just it,' he replied, staring
listlessly at his crossed knees, as he
leaned hack in a dejp armchair, no
one can help.' lie considered his knees further, then looked at me with a wistful gleam in the hopeful expies wiou that had taken possession of his eyes. T 11 tell you about it, though you’ll think me an idiot to let it worry me, but 1 oau’t throw it off, try as 1 may.
“ 'You kuow I was tever a fellow given to “isms’ and all that sort of thing, or fads or the occult ; I've been an everyday sort of oh up, 1 suppose, with all my wits about me. When I’ve gone to bed I’ve slept from the time my head has touched the pillow until the last moment of getting up, and never a dream the while, pleasant or unpleasant.	'
“ ‘But about six weeks ago, at Dover, things changed. 1 was out on Jackson’s yacht with a party and we made a run on a gloriously perfect night— its like 1 have never seen X had exclusive possession of the prettiest and most interesting girl on board, made doubly interesting and pretty by the moonlight.
" Well, when I went to bed that night you would have supposed that if 1 dream at all 1 would have had visions of goddesses and angels. Not at all. For the first tiniti in my life, as I can n member, 1 did dream, but a ridiculous, oheap dream, it seemed to me then, that had nothing whatever to do with goddesses or angels or anything else that had reality or romance | connected with it. It was tremendously vivid, but it seemed such an insignificant dream, as 1 said, that 1 recalled it next morning, only to forget
IB

game’9 includes
drunkard, and 1 must turn over a hares, pheasants, partridges, grouse,
new leaf 1 Mis. Caudle, at first speech- black game, heath or moor game and
less, then breaking out in anger—What ptarmigan, bustard, rabbits, deer,
do you mean ! Am 1 to i*ad the cur- woodcock, snipe, quail, landrail and
tain lectures here or are you f	wild ducks.
Blake—So yuu didn't go abroad thin While sport is being properly enjoy> ri i x j ... . . ed, social life is not at a standstill,
-e&K	ri’.™- z, storwiS'si B" tor.r=.„d "• a™ *£&£?s?sxi.
round the fire, one was missing I red, ^eapons cm ajevel with the breasts of weU f.s™ihe, bas^ome^ight/in “’the bJIringl!j% globe^'of “Jale%r^ thlt grand/toilet“e.-“The'
tmm
results in a scene, (hi culmination be- A gardener was standing near at appear newly garbed, wh le a dinner ing tears on the domestic woman’s hand.	,	! in such a house is not only a cereraonl-
Finally they were led into a huge in-	and a ‘iruJ i‘Iosing of i he street	Do tell us, cried a girl, what those	aj stately in service and duration but
‘ ‘Natives I' muttered	one	of	the	closure, where they were taken before	<loor OIJ hubby s part as he strides	beau-oo-tiful things are?	a picture worthy of any artist’s can-
men.	a raised platform, upon which sat a	d°wn /“j® steps in all the wrath of of-	Which ? replied the gardener.	vas as a splendid sr-ene in social life.
“They had done the deed well, with- white woman, about GO years of age, I tended dignity.	Why, those, said the girl.	Lady Juliette Lowther, whom many
out a betraying sound.	A spear	was	as near as they could judge, and a	I, bachelor girl is in every respect	Them ? said the gardener, with a	consider the most beautiful debutante
through his throat 1”	younger woman, not over 24 or 25 with	,7 ,,, , Ve her husband s chum or	chuckle. Them's onions gone to seed.	0f the season, was present at one at
"Ah I looked down into the	wide-op-	a face that plainly showed both Cau-	an(1 be can tell her little affairs	 these h use parties and received mucSj
they seemed to cry up to cassian and Indian blood. Both of the of hls own; "bich, while she may not	HOPE.	attention.	• ¦
women were loaded down with orna-f aPProve °f them, she is yet perfectly ments of gold, roughly fashioned, and ?bl« t0 condone, and talk over and strung on what looked like pieces of mugh at with him rawhide.	Having the newest and best ideas ##
What is called photographing in re- They received the strangers gravely, £aT.d ,lg bygiene—and practicing them
The but seemed to take kindly to Dale from	bis a healthy ho ly, consequently
the first, and under the impression at healthy mind, therefore it is impos-that he already knew of a secret cave 811 Ie	. b°r t° take distorted views of
in which the tribe’s gold had been ac- accidents of existence. She is cumulated for many years, talked free- herself happy and desires others to he ly with them.	happy also, and so far as lies in her
According to the story of the wo-	no ‘kes them so.
man, she was stolen by the Indians Dong live the "bachelor girl!" when she was about 13 years of age from her parents, who were among the first white people to settle in the Ft. Francis country. She had been taken before the chief, then a young man, who, infatuated with her beauty,, had claimed her as his wife. To them was born one child, the young woman, who now sat beside her, and at the
own
a
There are always so ml
it
" 'But having dreamt that same dream every night since then without a single exception, its proportions have become ovp rpoweringly immense.
When I put it into wo it is it will seem absurd, absolutely nothing at all, yet, it is taking all the. life out of me.
“ It begins: With a long road, dusty road, stretching straight like a vista. Down at the far end a small, black object appears, like a dot at first, but not a dot, more elongated, like an exclamation punt. Up that road it comes toward me, slowly, then faster, faster until it rushes up as if whirling in a mist, and 1 can’t make out just what it is; then, as it gets up to me and I put out my hands to seize it, hold it, it vanishes. And where? Down my throat 1 Isn’t that a-bmird ?”
“lie tried to smile, but, failing, he took out his handkerchief and wiped his forehead, which was wet.
"‘If i could once grasp it, catch it Ln m> hands and hold it off until I can make out what it is, I am sure I could rid myself of it 1 But, up, up, it comes and just as 1 put out my bands to cat oh it the thing disappears—down my throat 1 Now, what kind of a dream is that ? Yet, if I don’t get rid of it, can’t shake it off. that miserable little blavk speck running up that road will wre k m* mentally, 1 feel sure.’
"Looking at the change in him, I lief is done by a Frenchman did not doubt it. But what could I ad- model s placed so that concentrated vise? He was always having change light fails upon him from opposite of air change of scene; his phy- sides, bringing the salient points into si cal bealtn '.vas perfect; his mind was greater prominence. Two successive untipimmaled uy A care or briden; he films are taken, and a print obtnin-was temperate in every walk of life. ed from these after they have been What explanation then could I sug- exactly superposed, gc'si ? Absolutely none.
" 'The mere idea of sleep has become hateful to me/ he went on. 1 hate night to come. I jmt off going to bed! But why, asked the shade of Pat-as long as I can hold off, or when I do rick Henry, did you have Anne Bo-go I try to be so worn out I shall leyn’s head out off?
Bleep without dreaming. But it's no Well, answered Henr use—the instant I lose grip of mvself rrnlly did not need it. < that dream pounces upon me."	the hou.*e, you know.
I sat up for him ; that other night’s experience so vividly in my mind, it was absolute torture break I woke the others and started two searching parties I led mine in the direction from which he* had returned on that never-to-be-forgotten occasion.
"At sunrise we found him, stretched on the grass, dead and stripped.
Before day»
Instinctively
THE WHITE QUEEN
en eves mine
My dream ! My dream !
I II
The victim of hay fever smiled through his tears.
Yes, he exc laimed, I am going hunting in the wild woods of the north 1 But do you really .expect to get re- an ice cream made of seal oil, into lief up there? we asked him.	which! snow is stirred until the de sir-
Yes, replied he, buoyantly, Up there ed consistency has been obtained; then some other hunter will very likely frozen berries of different kindi are mistake me for a deer I	| added, with, a little of the fish egg for
Of course there was the chance that flavoring buck ague would intervene and prevent his being fatally shot, but he wna disposed to hope for the best.

;
£
DELICIOUS ESKIMOAN DISH
RELIEF PHOTOGRAPHY
A favorite dish with the Eskimo
re-
INNOf £NCE.
Of course we have to pay more for coal now than we did a month or two ago, said Mis Chug water, but we ought not to mind that. I suppose is means that they have been raising the poor coal miners’ wages.	.
Samantha .said Mr. Chugwater,and he looked at her over his glasses, yoW are too good for this wicked world.
ON PRINCIPLE.
Why do you not eat some chicken, Mr. Gupp ? ask d the boarding-house mistress last Sunday.
Tbanks, replied the star boarder, giving up the struggle, I never work on Sunday.
A SUPERFLUITY
WHEN TO BE IN DEAD EARNEST
We want a clergyman who can see
a joke.
I
can see a Joke all right, but J don't want any humorous arrangements about my salary.
VIII., she was head of
l
I
o
I

Y
###PAGE###3###
ÏZ.
t
PU

v
#
s
• i

i
)

i
i
4
4
id.
<
0»
»g-
e if not more, of their labor and feed by 0 feeding into hoih« poor and inferior breed of stock f Ksjeeoinlly is this tm.> in swift*.
1m it not just ne important In hove the best breed of swine ns to have t he best yields of other r roiw ? The swine crop is the beetl paying crop "n 'I lie price for eggs advances enough the farm It is, therefore, most im-
In lb, fall to make thair production lortanl t0 >'av" « kreml that will pro-nmfitnhi -,	,.	.	, ,.	, dure and return to you a proper re-
lic, if i lie hens dido t show wttr(j for the lalxir that you have he-
1 decided inclination to drop off in stowed in bringing about the best c rop
their laying. Jt is this tendency of of feed for them, and that you may
u«- bona to fall off in la,imr that look «,»„ them with pride for owning
J .	the b«»st breed in your community and
1 1 {l‘h 1 lv	%o U(P m price, and receiving the oompliments of your
001 8 plot on the |Kirt of the liens to neighbors ns such.
op laying when eggs Ale high. Hut
68 U rule fall eggs are more profitable RECENT SCIENTIFIC RESEARCH than winter
FU A NK AJÎOITT AM FS
NORTH BRUCE NOW
THE SUPERIOR QUALITY OF
Il
I
Russian women are said to be markably frank about their ages Several years ago one of them misrepresented her age in Court, and she
Ok the Farm.
to
re-
9

LU DELLA Ceylon Ka
lu
t
‘ge
Soon There Won't bo a Leg Left for Diabetes to Stand on.
he
was
fall and winter kgus
promptly sent to Siberia that the Court b uf France are absolutely unable to get correct étalement# of the number of years the fair daughters of the land have been upon earth.
If is said
at
speaks for itself. A trial is the most convincing argument in its favw.
. . .2J, JO, <0, 50 & 6OC.
V#
Lead Packages. . . .
ill Over Her < eimlry Dlabele* le Bring Vaeqnlefced l»y lludd'i Blilnry Mile —Thom»» Mroeks, of North Dranr,
Tbla lime—Hie Cnee Krqulrerf Two Dozen Hoxre.
Us
ir.
LADIES WANTED
US
ns
ACTION COMMENCED
North Bruce. Oct. 90. However it in in other parts ofl Ontarioi this big toe of I be province known #the value of Dodd's Kidney l’ills for Diabetes. It was not so long ago since Diabetes was considered Incurable throughout Bruce
'¦«**.	" « l-uvo plenty H»a, it seems, resulted in a sure cure f-ninty. Anyone who contracted Dia-
e—-~~
then- falling off in numbers I It is	being carried by the air directly to	«uential	inen	in	Bruce	have	been	car
be.iiu.se they have too much fattening | the diseased parts	of the throat or	n<' ,,	,y. ,	1	I	l ion
loci ,hl*,h., guibi'i rr.nlb.li.ld.	Wnm tin. .umn.lln, torn-	now*dl"‘ “ *d"tl,l"“
r rtr ......- a-tss"* $s.irsrs&*s, „
lh«l the full is the harvesting time,	ritable throat, etc.,	yield to Caturrho-	toJ that
*nd that neatly every plant has rip-	zone every time.	Write for a free	,l,'va,lc'03	to a dangerous	degree	g«
•ned it. fruits and seeds. The ground	Kingston ’ Ont°	where“//r^urliclLi'peoX*tryTng every-, they
*	1	thing unde: the sun before resorting | Tork
to Dodd's Kidney Pills, have been snatched from the edge of the grave by
The case of Mr. Thomas Brooks, ofl torney in New York, is acting for the
belongs somewhat to association, and Lbe charges are to bo Mr. Brooks says*
de
To use the latest and most popular DYK on the market, known as
Bl ---- s« they »re th» muni *imfie m l	heivllu-t Any person b»>iuM Cloth#*.
Home Dyes,	rr,«K»? o
INMITIVkTy Union Dye#, »n-l will -lye (Mton.	rtllk or Mliml (l,, de with Al reeulU. AsS
ur rfrugml for the in. or umid direct and we will ui ul fr#ie to any b'Mp«*h H* ' pwkag*", <,r three for «#& PpttÊm
. ' « .	TORONTO HOME DYE CO., TORONTO.
ad
The U h in.I Rr«n »i l e ml l.lfr llrft* title IlMir-lel. JmiifK U A tiling lor the Cent petty.
(From the Toronto Globe.)
The Mutual Reserve Fund Life Am-
04
f,
at
ELEPHANTS HAVE EIGHT TEETH.
Elephants have only eight tee I h,
two below and two above on sach Hide. All baby eJephanta' teeth full out when i Iih animal Is about 11 years old, and a new set grows.
When a Londoner desires to express deep grief for the loss of a relative lie puts crajie on his cane.
r.
Music ssBt$f
OF DISCOUNT. We |	-	are equipped fe
Teachers Wanted
is*
nt
w
cph charged with circulating false and libellous charges against t lu

11
issocia-
ih
The charges were first made
from Diabetes in this district. Dodd’s | with the New York Insurance De par t-fCldney Pilla are too well known here
Diabetes is cured before it
6 Co.,
168 Yonge SI., TORONTO, ONT
II
ment, and when it was found that the department ignored them in ith exhaustive report upon the association were rei*vited to various New
until
found willing to give them publicity. Col. 1C. C. James, the eminent at-
ir
incr-
eases

to 11 m: 4 ( oi l* i% own i»aw
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. All drugglete refund the money if U falls to cure, k. VV. (irove'it h g mture Is on earb box.
jdG&Lr " ¦¦AVI* BRAND - Mack In tee#
SfÇ5||i3éUA f9r Bub ber OiotàJuj Ce, MeeXretü
ri
i« covered in every direcliuu with seed, grains, berries and frails, and the hens
re
one was
B6c
INDEFINITE.
Husband—This jm|*»i says a man wastes fully one-third of his life in sleep.
Wife—Does that include the time he put a in at church ?
An arteean well is on the farm of
Charles Schaffer Ohio. He lately turned on I he water to Irrigate hi* parched lawn, and with the fluid came myriads of little fish of the black basa variety, from two to four inched in length.
a-
go forth and fatten on these secure an abundance of food, whether they are Cud at Uomni or not fatten up quickly, and get lazy and sleek, and then they begin to cease to lay eggs this tendency we must be able to shut the laying hens up in runs or yards
They
>r
THE TRAGIC1 JOKE.
Virginia, never fall in love with a CATARACTS
in m who hasn't any sense of humor.
Why. Aunt Alice Î I refused one once ; he took me seri. ouhly and never asked me again.
h
with
chiul Awtbnut
' opération), Mro* in J Dvr faim #
cured hy safe, «ure an! Dolent remedies, Ab ..luteTf harm h ^ I’arti ilare and terme nddres*
DR URANT, 33flrnecaNt. Buffalo
They
North Bruce, I this latter class
was troubled with Diabetes. 1 con-	.	HI
sulled a doctor, but be could not help thti original offenders, but also against me. I have n 1 ho used other medicines, onyoue icp-aiing the libellous st.it» but got no relief. I have, used two *Heuis. Ihe move ui the Mutual lie dozen boxes of Dodd's Kidney Pills	will, it is believed, commend lift ml am completely cured. I	can high-	8,‘ * 5° :i^ honest meu, and all who
ly recommend (his medicine	above nil	art* ‘oieresied in the asso iai ion. D
o I he r h .	Two years ago I could not ,M a move Lhal should have been ioade
hack r°J	°Nowl,“i can^to” l	vnl&VI hr .!u« ty " r‘..“ U
.and bend with ease. The doctors want- l“al UH' no credit either to the msui excellence. Their regular ueo prevent lnfeoLi-o»I to nerffirm nn nnontinn	but f	uux-'ti business or to journalism. These	ou*	diseases.	Auk	your	denier	to	obtain a
would ‘not anew. hTCld'-s Kidney	«“fk- have been ,Vl m circular torn,,	«PP*	U.u mad.dIfree on appHcaMo^
Pills are belter than doctors.”	au<1 sol,J by the thousands to cornpet-	F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
ing companies, who supply their agents wuh tnein, who, in turn, distribute
them among the people w ith a view CftttOrS Ll^LD CU*Vr ' a'V. V*" \i o M°
Miss Ahniir—So he married < hat to prejudice public opinion against the	""" * *
Sib kleby girl at last, did He T What association.	a j* \ Sk 3 Mills. Mill* A Male»
did ho wear at the wedding î	Une will naturally inquire what the I	y%dg#"%iebi !
Miss Blithe—A dejected look and a Mutual Reserve nus doue tu meut su«h |naS*li w W moed IL W . Toros to. FI lift 5	f	fY I
unfair treatment. Its greatest sin	-	-----------------------------MJfVsl«fj ¦ UI U<4l 11 ¦ By I
weeinn to be thaj. It has saved US pol-	permanently rurei |	For the very heef. «end your work to the
icy-holdurs about forty millions ol dol- B	veturrh -.f noee, '	“ BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO."
When a Man and Woman	, which ,Us <•¦„.„,* lilura would have	Momreal Toronto Ottawa" Onlher
Are married, romance ceases and his- taken from them, and to thm charge iud,»n Catarrh CureUo., liti at. James et., Montreal. j roomreai, 1 oronto, Ultawa, yuabec.
lory begins. When you g»*i Catarrho- 11 pieftds guilty. Bui why it «hou <1 zone and use it your Catarrh, Brun- he abused for working for the pouchitis, As 1 Inna, or Hay Fever disap- ides interest is difficult to undvr-petirs, and health begins. Catarrho- stand, unless it is on the principle that
zone will cure—absolutely cure—Oat- the most clubs and stones are always----------------------------
arrh. There is no danger or risk in found under the best apple tree, and q.... ». u.sirig this pleasant and effective rein- uo doubt the insuring pu'lie will take ri " U r I II U
edy. it cures by the inhalation of that view of it. Indeed, it looks as K« 1 or ur»*n blatk mlackboards(w# surpj medicated air, wnich is sent by the though the the question of the future ‘^ru	rr [ ,K (dt-eX< « : a j ' Build,'
aifl you breaths to the minutest cells would be w hether the public are to ing». Tor nto, done by our rt. m). M*tai (Mljngs, Cor» ,,'K ’’iv ih^or 211?] foi 2Sck rtL'ïTb .«^‘luLTtoi.ie cw.lif^ and passages of the lungs, and brun- w ork for the stockholders of iusur-	i«ekiVianV”ai!fTutof t°L e*w'unt r”‘‘ploneWl f^‘1f,>r:s*jre ,br jjl «îrooer». or send luo for * lb package
chial tubes. It cures because it can- a nee companies, or their own families, c. OUTHHiiSONS. Adelaide&witimor 8ts.,Toronto ^ Aaenu wautedin everViilatcT" loronto‘
not fail to reach the right, spot. You aa the business seems to be drifting	1 —---------------- ^--------------------
breathe, it doe4 the rest, (DUO at all into the hands of a few manipulator* $2.00
Send 10c In other words, is it 10 t>e life insur- liable arm
expense* ; experience umi'»CH«*ar
II
I
pushed vigorously, not only against
H
New York
Q0MM0N SENSE KILLS Roaehoe, Bed Druggists, or Ml Queen W. Toronto. ofclEHi
111 order* to counteract
a
at Wapukoneta,
a
W I* € 996
1-
POULTRY, BUTTER, E0C8, APPLES,
eri«l Uthiir PRODl CE. to ensure bi^Al rwulN connigu 6v
The Dawson Commission Co., Lirriited,
Cor West-Market A Oolborne It., Toronto,
ROYAL MAIL STEAMSHIPS
Montreal end Quebec to Liverpool. Large and fast Steamer» Vancouver, Dominion, Scotsman, Cambroman.
R'te# of p%ee*fe First Cshm, SWj upwerde ; Seeead Csliio, I3v Hieerei#, MW end |23 50 For fur»h*r In for men on apply to l<xal agente, or
DA TID TORRANU* â CO . Oenrrel Agente,
17 HI SeoraeieBi St.. Monwreid.
put of the day, where they cannot find so muxvh food
d
CALVERT’S
Let them get all the exercise they can, and instead of turning them out in the gardens and fields early in the morning, let them tcratch and work in the yard for their breakfast
il

d
Dominion Line
Tlie Salvation Array.
I
h
4
>
«
They won’t get much there, but the effort to find food will
h
MANCHESTER
ENGLAND
THE LIFE OF THESE SELF-SACRIFICING WORKERS OFTEN ONE OF HARDSHIP.
be good for them
Later, when turned loose in the fields, they will have a better stomach to digest w ha l they may find.
At this season oi me year they need While on limy <Hpi. Men. Ilryna Wn* to he fed green bone, pou ivied shells, stricken with a Mippotetl Incurable End other articles with lime, in them. iiinchnc mul Iuiec«l io Keiinqui*ii tlu* 1 he frwu aud bornes au,‘ seeds which	n ,,rk 11, ||„, N „ „ K„,.,rr.d III.
they find in the fields: will be fatten- Picniih.
ing enough, but they do not contain	. .	_
the lime essentials that go toward I ^ 1 om 1 'l<l News, Alexandria, Ont.
foifcnmg egg slid Is.	These must be The life of a Salvation Arjn.yl work-
given to the hens artificially, and if cr is very far frum being a sinecure, they are added to their regular diet Their duties are not only arduous, they will show less inclination to fall | but they are called uj<on by the re-off in their duity of egg laying. On | guiations of the Army to conduct large grain farms ihe chickens and out-of-door meetings at all seasons hens will, of counts, piolq up plenty j and in all kinds of weather. This boot grains that have been left in the | ing the case, it is little wonder that field after threshing, but if one does the health of these self-sacrificing not go into this kind of farming, wheat bran or some other kind, of grain diet must be fed
cellent for the hens, but we must see that along with it they get the kind that supplies them the proper ingredients
nature of the food that the hens are
likel
AT TIIK NUPTIALS

l
d
l.
breach of prom ice suit
I
y
i.
t
o
SSSSS
d
f.

H
L-
I
113 Vonge St., Toronto
11
ROKCO
and Sheet Motal Werke.
ROOFIN'»i HLATfc, m Blaok,
6

h
d
d
i
Variety of food is ex
PER DAY Sl'RK - RELIABLE
t
Solid Gold....iJ.88 Best Gold Fill 1.50 5 yrsGold Fill 1.00 Best Glasses..- 100
person, gentlumiwi >r is-ly, tu ropreatiit re; position permanent ; $6'J0 per jr. sr and
V


druggists, or direct oy mail in stamps for sample outfit to N. C POLSON & CO., Kingston, Ont.

I
4K
ance for the people or Llooleyism (
There is one tiling evident, when the ___	_ association has come through such a	___
Whenever a black cat passes a | rigid examination at tlie hands of an FARMS M0rae (treat b rg*ius. Apply
to put A. mildly, did them scant justice, | XcE. ST* WART, Drawer 16. Kincardine P
, . _ .	, , . hostile Department of Insurance, who,
salutes it in military style. I his Is be- I ts ‘'compelled" to sny they are ab-
cause of a eui>erstitlon which leads solutely solvent wit h practically a mil-him to believe that the cat contains | lion dollars of surplus over and above
all liabilities actual or contingent,
___	they have nothing to fear in the fu-
lT„rkti7/r,Ue1ntlï r" ryat K I O’KEEFE’S7», MALT I‘"7^1
In any measure on the promiscuous | ville, Ont., iT well known through |	LLOYD w ooiî ! Toîon tî! a e8 f r a L AGENT v™aid hil ™ sh,,w" IJt',u ly '	111	Sausage CftSlngS
feeding of drugs. If proper attention ! his former connection with the Army,	“	L%%sJ endorsjuioT the association
were given to all the hogs in the coun- j twivin« been stationed at such im- AN IRRESISTIBLE ROWER. I could possibly get. Not only so, but
Kingston^ Guelph and BrockviHe"\n Nf> receptacle has ever been made to the thoughtful mind it means that I
f CALLA LILY CREAM
site
tar has written three law books, and disgusted with their self-elected chain-’printer has been able to discover pious and ashamed that their business
the orthography of his should seem to need such helpers, llie
Mutual Reserve Fund will doubtless follow up vigorously those who have foully tried to injure it, and all honest men will hold up* its hands, for the
ry
M. A. O KEEFE,
Diet Ménager. Lou ivn, Ont
to
' A
Too oft vu u eg loot to study the
i
6-
1KB iLU F
i
i.v to pick up oil t.hfti place or in field is the real cause of the falling off in the egg supply.
A little close study of the quest ion will give ufl an abundance of both fail and winter eggs, and increase the profits of the business.
FOR SALE - IJKUCE COUNTY -
to JAMES O., Ont.
I
r

We guarantee perfect satisfaction
tb<

GLOBE OPTICAL CO.,
Hindoo sentry at Bombay he gravely
%

r.ku«v *i«/ lu-»»
who fc*7o failed to be ou red nia# where. writ# tc Or Arson, Berlin who will coavieceyou be <un curey.w
Stammerers
r
93 Yonge Street, Toronto
\r
1
S
a
110 for (0 Cents

r
the soul of a British officer
TME DES MOINES INOUIATOR-lest end cheapest
O. Rolland, aula agent for the Dominion. Send Sot. •tamp for catalogue. 37S St. Paul btreet, Mud treat
tl.
UEALTIIY HOGS
\
*
Thla bcnk rontaina one hundred ten of the bext humorous récita Wo era bracing the Xiero. Yankee. Irlah i Dutch dliUecu. nothin prose and versa* as well as humorous fmmpositions of every kind and baratter. Seat. pos% paid, with our Illustrated catalogue q# booka and novelties fur only ten cents*
Johnalon St .llrlarlane 71 YougoSt.,
3

The health of hogs .does not depend
n
New Importations finest Kagliah Sheep and Ana a llog Casings—reliable goo la at right pr
PARK. BLACKWELL a CO.. 1
I

cea
*
Toronto

S
t
try, the makers of cholera oures would
lorvufo.f
LEAD,COPPEk. BRASS
Wholesale only. Long Distance Telephone 1720.
WILLIAM ST., TORONTO.
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

Michigan Land for Sale.
»
Û 000 ACRES 0000 FARMING LANDS—A HKN AO
Og loaoo, Ogemaw and Crawford Counties. Title perfect. On Micb.gan Central Detroit k Maokiuuo and Loon Lake Railroads, at prices ranging from $2 to M neraere. These Lands are Close to Enterprising Ne* Towns, Churches, Schools, eta, and will be sold on most bis terms Apply to
R. M. PIERCE, Agent, West Bay City, Mich. Or J.W. CURTIS, Whittemurw. Mich.
norance of the public it is but to tell
i
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA
the truth, and it la not saying any-

1
i
1
•rs in all its phases are the first to
may that disease first gets its foothold in filthy p ns and yards and from
drinking stagnant water start herds that are properly cared I appearance giving for become infected, and, if the season | his recent sufferings is favorable for the development of the
bratuîord
>
#00LDJ£
®HAPLEY
W&MUIRe#
%C0ilKJ3l|
Brantford cas.
Galvanized Steel Windmills and 1 owers.
Steel Fla* Staff»,
Crain Orlndere,
Iron and Wood Pempe See Supplie#.
Send for New Catsl gue.
no
BREAKFAST—SUPPER
The story of his illness and suhse- no
gei nu of disease, an epidemic of hog | (puent cure by the use of Dr. Wil- an error in cholera follows, that sweei*s hogs j liama* Pink Pills reads like a miracle, | manuscript.
(forth untold thousands
It cannot be said too many times I lows:—" While stationed at Deseron-
pure water and plenty of green feed the pain became t<x> severe, rendered1	nw«
during the period of development and me untoumcious The length of these —
hog cholera, if it comes at all, will unconscious spells increased as the 8T« JAME8’ HOTEL-»^™,1^ ,rom er p-come from an outside source. Once it disease advanced. After spending Railway. Firet-dos#Commercial H has arrived prompt measures to check four months in the Kingston General | provemeou-Estw moderate its ravages should be resorted to and Hospital, and on the Salvation farm, persisted in until the disease is Toronto, I regained some of my for-checked.	mer strength and returned to my
work
when I was stationed at Schenectady,
N.Y., in October, 1898, and was more severe than the firs! of the second attack were very similar to those which preceded 1 he first.
ALSO
GO TO
i
California#
via.
and is kiven in hie own words as fol
IREO
M
MO
Mention this paper.
J BOYS AND GIRLS l
V	WE ARC GIVING AWAY
I
1
via MISSOURI PACIFIC R’Y and HE
IRON MOUNTAIN ROUTE. 91!
Family Hotel rat* H 50 per day.
HELP.
Hicks—To be strictly up-to-date you should get an automobile NaysKJQ — I suppose but—
i
I
Ï2US2I3** *"»** a*
a##**###* |
Ikvl
:s
THROUGH TOURIST SLEEPERS.
LOWEST RATES.
For full information and reservation of sleeping cm berths, address
H. C. Townhkmd, O P AT.A., 9t. Louie, Mo. HD. Arm-»t*ono,T PA..7 W Fort-et , Detroit, Mloh Biswsll WiLseN, D. P. A., Ill Adams nt., Chicago. Iu
ouee. Modern im

I
I auto ;
BULL EIGHTS IN PARIS.
Parût is to have its bull fights to
add to the excitement of its populace.
The arena, however, will not be within the city walla, but at Engien, which is some 12 minutes’ journey by train.
I A \ I in Ÿ i lt *i i A i'j'% 1
$100 Reward, $100.
The second attack occurred
Loan and Savings Company.
mvonpuBA ren 1855.
The Oldest and Largest Canadian Morfr
gage Corporation.
The readers of this uni er will be pleieod to learn that there I* at least one dread, <1 disease that science has been able 10 euro In all its sksues and that, la Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh ( u e le the only positive euro now known to the medical lraternity. Catarrh being a cons*
I Wholesale and Retail News Dealer.
mucous surfaces of the xyslein. thereby de^ troying the foundation vf the disease, and giving the patient wlrc gth by building up the constitution and as-isiing nature m doing its work. The proprieto's havs so much faith in its curative power*, that they otter « no Hundred Dollars for any cast, that if fails to cure.
"‘"«Aft, “.'J. "V't'vHKNEV » CO.. To,-,». O.
th. best
COUNT THE COST.
The Anglo-American
News Co.
It is the popular cry now to 'be progressive/’ "get out of ruts/' "experiment V’ Well, that is all well enough if i he beginner is su re he can afford 1 lie only apparent difference being
„„	„t...... -,	x',
ence and of «nielligence up to t hi Owing to the precarious stale of my aveiiige. Before he rushes into an health, I was compelled to resign ray
untried field, let him count well the l**dtion after the second	at-
tack and return to my home at Max-ville. While there a friend advised me to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and I began using them in March. 1899.
1 ha vie used only a dozen boxes and pm once more enjoying perfect health, I feel that I nm perfectly well, and can cheerfully say that 1 at*r bute my percent state of health to the effects produced by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. Mrs. Bryan has also used the pills and htis benefited very much thereby."
Fhe symptoms
$ j,600,000 1,200,000
Paid up Capital Reserve Fund
Head Offios-Toronto St., Toronte.
• ranch Office»- Winnipeg, Man., Vancouver, B.S
FOR OVER FIFTY YEAR»
37 and 39 Adelaide St. West
TORONTO, ONTARIO
sflSHSP
DEPOSITS RECEIVED. Interest allowed.
DEBENTURES ISSUED far 1, 2. 3, 4 or 5 yean, with interest coupons attached.
MONEY LENT on security of real estate mortgage# Government and Municipal Bonds, etc.
have a good line of Books
Y Y 250 to 400 pages—list t >0 numerous to mention, hut we can assure mir patrons that they a s the Lest value in Canada, and include the beet known authors, such a* Conan Doyle, Capl Chas King, the Duchess. Bertha Clay. Zola. Anthony Hope. Hawthorne, Eilttrf, Stevenson, Scribner, etc. Regular price 25- and 30c each, hut in order to make room for our Christmas goods we have determined to close hem out at 10c. each, or 3
for 25 cent*.	. _	.	..
(When ordering, send 2e. extra for each book,to cover
postage).
cost. Aa a general rule it is safe to nay that the line of farming commonly followed in any one county or comma nil y is the one that l he average beginner will sure ed better with at the BtnjFt. If he would depart from that lei it be done by degrees. The beginner may bave I be advantage of a good training under the tutelage of a aucune! have facts and
During a recent small-pox outbreak
in Altoona, Pa., all cats and dogs in-
infected house* were put to death, by
order of the Board of Health. This
warn to prevent the spread of the disease by theee animals roaming from house to house.
For further particular* apply to
J. HERBERT MkSON.
Maeeglng Director, Toronto.
sold
Hall
#
On the shore of Thurso, 106 bottlenosed whales were seen one morning, They had drifted onto the beach and
died. For miles the decaying flesh tainted the air, and the residents gladly sold the entire collection for $180.
JAS. ft. ANNCTT, Manager
J
JOHN J. MAIN, AtipL on# Tret#
, have Five Thousand Sheets
of Music, with word* complete. *11 the Meet RvguUr price 40 end 50 .-e-'is osch. our price 10c. for 50c. Also sung books containing 50 of the 1 at «-At comic and seotime nt a I song», including ‘ The Girl I ! Aired in Sunny Tennessee, "Just as the Bun Wont Down," " Hello. Sly Baby." *' I Uueei I11 Have to Tetotrnph My tUby. etc1 5c. e*‘h, or 6 diffeient kinds for 25c.
WE
The Canadian Heine Safety
BOILER
rcssful fargner ideals that are not in harmony with those that control the farm life about
: m
in bis judgment he I pH io develop hie own powers and by their growth he must advance, nnd be ft leader instead of an imi-i 11oi or follower
o.
Pharaoh 10o."%=lT
¦S

or 7
eac
If such let him follow the best
In that way he
OBSERVANT BIRD.
O, George ! squeaked the pa not, as soon as the young man came into the parlor. How rough your face is!
'clLJut ÿ&fiUiuA* 44 futA jfru/d, it /Krt /lis	JtCù
Uns- -/riiAsié	•
vus $
carry in stock all kinds of
Y ? Papers, Periodicals, Books and Magazines, la eluding comic, sporting and theatrical papers and magasin* ».
Esplanade,
•pp. Iherboums St.
in tun
Toronto
l


LUBY’S SS&55
Sold by all druggists. 50c. a bottle.
Self-respect is the corner-stone of all virtue—Sir John Herschel.
la Toscana, lOc. SforoaViiSSlf
Owing to 111 health Vice President Hobart will not be a candidate for ro-eleotioo.
SXVINK IMPROVEMENT.
Why is it that so many farmers ire laboring, toiling and putting forth every effort to increase the yields of their crop# year after year, buying the moot costly and latest improved machinery in order that they may bring about the best possible results and burdening themselves in so doing, and then, in the end, waste one-half,
yOU can order anything in read-
e ing matter published in the English language,
may reel assured that your order
High Class Water Tube Steam Sellers, for All Pressures, Dutlee and Fuel.
¦HUB TO* DESCRIPTIVE CATALOGUE.
through u», and you
WiJsiSS for HOreet à Smith's publications P. a-Wh-fi send ng order» for 95c. worth and up , Money Order Is the safest and cheapest 1 mention this
STMS
—«ass
UIN»#alfc ##—» haüemmay be »e—weeMraJ
I
JWoooz Photo. Engraving
# J L IONLS I NC (9
‘T.-8 K) ADI I MOI ST W TORONTO.
J

J*
J
r
L

1
y
L
à
###PAGE###4###




4
à
¦m

" 7
Special Notice.
Humors have been floating around for some months to the effect that the Canadian Pacific Railway Co., are about to purchase or lease the Pontiac Railway.
Whilst wo have no authority for either denying or continuing the rumor, it occurs to us that the idea seems well within the realm of 44 human probability.'
There is no doubt that the construction
THE MARKETS.
THE EQUITY.
All persons Indebted to the lute Hr. Knox are requested to settle their accounts with me, by cash or note, before the First of January, 11*10. After that date the bookiwlll be given to Mr. Gam*
Shaw ville, Nov. 14, 1SV0
SH AW VILLE.
Wheat, (standard) at mill, 70c.
Oats per bushel, 24 to 25c.
Pease i>vr bushel, 54 to 5th*,
Eggs, per dozen, 14c.
Butter, per pound, ItHo 17c,
Wool, per pound, 10 to 17v.
Hay, per ton; $5.50 to $7.ixi. Calfskins, 40 to 4.n*.
Pork, per 100 Iks.. $4.75 Beans, per hush., $1.00 to $1.14. Hides, per loo pounds, $5.50 to $0.00 Pelts, each, 40 to 05c.
SHAWVILLE, NOV, 16, 1899.
MRS. KNOX
EDITORIAL NOTES.
ææ?
The by-elections in West Elgin and South Ontario, for the Legislative Assembly, have been fixed for Tuesday the 28th Railway to Parry Sound, and the enormous traffic that has accrued to it from
PROPERTY FOR SALE.
or extension of The Canada Atlantic
i
First Snow you will want a NEW SLEIGH OR CUTTER
I
The undersigned offers for salt* hi** de siraiile property situated on Main street, Shnwvifle, opposite thvlhmk. For term* and particulars apply to
lust
I
that stroke of enterprise, has caused the <\ I*. It. management to look around it for a move direct route to Montreal. This being the case it is only natural that the big c<u*imration should turn to the Pontiac road as a solution of the problem. Completed to Chalk River with a crossing at Ferguson's Point, our road would effect a saving in distance between that place and Montreal of something like fifty miles, which is certainly a very weighty consideration in the handling of freights in these days of sharp competition and close rates.
Another reason why the C. P. R. may have an eye on the Pontiac Road, is the
44 One hundred per cent, profit on binder twine," remarks the Stratford Herald, 44 was never recoxded until the Laurier government came into power, and smarted tariff tinkering. Farmers, why don't you cheer ? "
SILAS YOVXti, Farknmn F O
OTTAWA.
Eggs per dozen. 18 to 22c.
Butter in pall, (1st quality) Iff to 22c Butter in prints, 21) to 24c.
Cheese per lb.. 12 to 13e.
Beef per 100 lha., $3.00 to $0.00. Lamb per U*., 5 to 8c.
Mutton per lb., 5 to Tv.
Veal per lk, 4 to 8c.
Pork, heavy. $4.50.
Pork, light, $5.20.
Live hogs, select $1.00.
Live hogs, heavy. $3.50.
Hides per 100, $5.50 to $0.00.
Oats per bushel, 20 to 30c.
Potatoes per bag. 05c.
CEO. HYNES,
o
We have a nice line of these goods for public inspection
also
Straw and Ensilage Cutters.
SMART <6. SMITH.
The British Government have declined the offer of our Federal authorities to send a second cent in *ent of men to the Transvaal, which is taken as an evidence that John Bull considers he has sultioieut material at hand now to square up accounts with Oom Paul Kruger. The Militia Department, anticipating that the men would be required, were making preparations in a quiet, way to equip them on short notice; but since receiving the reply of the Imperial Authorities have discontinued actions for the present.
r
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER.
SHAWVILLB, - - QUE.
\ large, well -elected and Mirivd stin k of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
project for some time past in contemplation of double-tracking the line between North Bay and Montreal. For this purpose the saving of fifty miles constitutes a big argument in favor of having
GENTS WANTED KOIl “THE LIFE Mini Achievements of Admiral Dewey,” the world's greatest Nrival hero. l$y Murat Halstead. Hi»* life-long friend ami admirer of the nation's Idol. Biggest, and best books
i line oil the north side of the Ottawa I over 500pages, kxio Inches; nearly 100 page;
. hftlftnm Illustrations Only IkfiO. En or-The supply of 2,000 tons of Canadian river, and ol course, it reasonably tullows mous demand Big Commissions, outfit
hay required by the British Government that the line already constructed in part j The Dom'lnïon°Compauy’lSrd F^oor Caxtou for the war in South Africa, will be carried to its destination by tho steamer Montauk, which has been especially detailed for that service. This is a new arrangement, whereby the prospect of producers getting a fairly renumerative figure for their haj is somewhat improved. According to the original plan the freight on hay to Cape Town would have exceeded considerably tho price which the Homo Gov
A
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of Hum ml Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to t he most elegant I y designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
B big., Chicago
should form that link.
These with other minor reasons lend a
certain amount of color to the rumors re I Berkshire HOff fOI SsrVlCQ furred to, hence it will not surprise us |	®
very much if they turnout to be correct.
TO WHOM IT IVJAY CONCERN:
!
The undersigned lias a pure-bred Berk shire Hog which he offers for service Fee One dollar.
The Irish regiments at the scat of war continue to break holes through the Boer lines, likewise through the resolutions of the blatherskite societies who urge them not to do their duly.—Montreal Gazette.
ED. T. BHOWXI.EE,
Lot 3, Range 5. Clarendon
Gentlemen :
v
Having bought out the Tailoring business of Mr. Charles Frame. I beg leave to state that I am prepared and in a position to give every satisfaction to those who may entrust me with an order.
D. WILSON’S,
eminent were willing to pay
Making It Hot for Thom.
We are Agents for
The Ottawa Citizen says it is settled
that pailiament will meet either tho last The small hoys of Smith’s Falls burnt week in January or the first week in Mr. Tarte in iHuy on Hallowe'en, ami _|1	.
February. Any Imgering idea that the lho	"« bestow,d upon the CllOlCe COllfeCtlOIieiy,
...	.	. image of Caul Kruger at Perth.	,
government had of an appeal to the ________________________	<<	GTOCGFlôS
country this winter has been entirely dis-	'	______
polled by the events of the past month ^	ï T T*?	“ Fllllt, (ill SCftSOB),
Mr. Tarte has developed into a vet it-	^	\LSO -
able old man of the sea, and until the	ON	^ r\ .
government can do something to lessen	Th© K!Oîl(j îR©	r 1 GSil UyStGlb,
the feeling existing in all parts of Canada against the minister of public woiks theie will be no appeal to the country.
MAIN STREET, SHAW VILLE,
The Popular Store for
My Motto :
The Winchester
Prompt attention to business disappointment?* to patrons.
N
My Determination :
Rifle
To turn out a class of work that will bear su son with the very l>vst work that by its stylish and fashionable appearance, will draw the attention of everyone, and secure the continued patronage of those who entrust me with their first order.
sful compare i class of

Served either raw or >tewcd
Catalogue now toady. Write for ono and prices.
McDOUCALL & OUZNER,
BV IïEV. F. A. ALLEN
Customers promptly and courteously treated.
wwie: Elliott’s Hall, Shawville,
f the houfci
the date of the meeting has not beeh definitely nor formally fixed, ministers have talked tho matter over rmicr the auspices of tho Church Workers and have come to the conclusion that it
SUS
Wednesday Evening, Nov. 22,
Leave your Measure next.
Pontiac
Woollen
Vsocintion of St. Paul’s Church
J. W. C0IV|BA, tailor.
STOVES !
shall not be later than Thursday, January 25th, or February 1st. this decision they have been influenced by the representations of prominent supporters all over the countiy, who have become heartily tired of summer sessions.
NEWER AMERICA,
In reaching I Must rated in Color Pictures over 100
brilliantly enlarged by powerful Oxy-hydrogvn lime-light lantern.
STOV3S !

(McArthur'sbuilding. Main St.)
STOVES i
I
VIso limelight views of 150 local prominent business and professional men, lovely ladies and handsome young men, pretty children, and noted sights in town ami country. See.

SHAWVILLE
Meat Market.
One Thing Needful.
From the attitude assumed by Mr. Bourassa, M. P., for Labellv, on the
Children 10
X omission Adults 15c
Mi s
v •
The comforts of a household are never complete without a good Cook Stove
fast approaching, does not catch you Ill-provided in this re sped.
Doors open at 7.30
question of sending a contingent of Canadian volunteers to assist in defending British prestige in South Africa, and the ultra loyal speech of Sir Wilfrid Laurier at Quebec on the eve of the departure of the contingent, we gather that there ex-
See to it that the winter season, which is
Lecture begihs at 8.
CHOICE FLESH AND CURED
DO NOT MISS A TREAT !
MEATS OF ALL KINDS
Property for Sale.
Still In It.
The only Establishment of its kind in the County.
NOW IN STOCK.
I am still in the business with a supply of the popular makes, ready for Fall trade, and the large number of Stoves I have sold during the past year is sufficient evidence that I keep the styles the people are looking for.
ists a wide difference of opinion between \ desirable property on Court Street,
the Premier and his erst-while follower iu | Shawville, containing four village lots,
and having erected thereon a comfortable dwelling house with necessary out-build*
young man who represented Libelle at | ings. For particulars and terms apply to .	•	» »	» »	i Donald McRae, Shawville.
the last session. Mr. Bourassa resigned	ALF. McRAE,
his seat as a protest against the govern-1	Ham iota. Man.
ment of which he was a supporter, sending military aid from Canada. Sir Wilfrid sent the contingent iust the same, and, if we correctly interpret his speech-
Thanking the publlic for past patronage, I respectfully solicit a continuance of the same.
the House of Commons, the misjudged
J. G. McGUIRE.
The Farmers’ Stove.
CARDING SPINNING
Etc. Etc.
Our “ NORTH-WEST" High Oven Stove nearly always catches the farmer who takes time to examine it, ami those who have bought one say it Is just the thing.
Several kinds of Under-Oven Stoves on hand. See tliem.
9
Shawville

I
NOTICE.

Any person found trespassing or doing work of any kind on the North East Half .	...	.	w .	, of Lot No. 6, on the lith Range of thetown-
es, he believes he aid the right thing.	of Clarendon, without my personal
Now, the question arises, will Sir Wil- permission, will he prosecuted to the utmost rigor of the law.
JOHN G. McGUIRE.
General Supply Farm Machinery and Carriage
R. J. BLACK, Main St., SHAWVILLE.
frid allow Mr. Bourassa to be re elected
DONE IN THE USUAL PROMPT AND SATISFACTORY MANNER.
for Labelle without opposition, or will he take the consistent course, and put a candidate into tho held against him ?
nnjuvuifinnn^j
rinnjinjuuin/uinjuirinnjinjiruijmririjinnnnnnjvinn

Tax Notice.
Depot.
Can be Procured from the most
0
The ratepayers of the village of Shawville are hereby notified that the regular Mr. McLeod Stewart, the energetic I Municipal Tax for the year 1809 is now
promoter of the Ottawa and
Bay waterway is very much uplifted by liged to request an immediate pay-
.h. result o, the «„ ,e„ reeenll, cm jjg*	SS
pleted at the summit; level between Trout may thereby be avoided.
Lake and Lake Nippiaing. To The |	riUe, this 15tli day of N°y.
Always In Stock a large and well rted Range
o
Reliable Dealers only.

t
Farm Machinery (all kinds,) W agoons,
Expresses,
Carriages,
Buggies,
Carts,
<5

of

e e e
Worsteds,
Serges,
Tweeds, Flannels, Prints, &c.
These Goods are from
THE BEST VALUE IN THE TRADE.
J. R. HORNER,
Equity he stated a few days ago that these surveys establish beyond a shadow of doubt that there will be an abundance of water at the summit level for the purposes of the canal, and demonstrate also that that particular section of the work ! The ratepayers of tnis School Mu n id wil,coat cm.der.Wy le» to
than was originally estimated.	30th day of June next, 1900, are now due.
Mr. Stewart now feels convinced that |	Payment will save interest and
SHOREY’S
i
Sec.-Treas
Sewing Machines, Washing Machines, Wringers,
Churns.
School Taxes.
i
Heavy |black worsted cheviot

Straw Cutters, Corn Shellers, Wheelbarrows.
ULSTERS

Li
â
the work of construction will be commenced next spring, as the Government will be
and on which depended the granting of AGENTS: — Our Christmas book-, are the guarantee required by the company. ready. From 50 cents up. Four l>ooks tOTlGS. Besides, tho C. P. R. are now taking a	explained in one Prospectus. One is
keen interest in the project and are anx-	“ famous Men and Great Events of the
ious to see it go through without delay— particularly the French River section.
With navigation assured between the great lakes and North Bay, the C. P. R will erect large elevators at that town in which to store freight to feed their road during the winter months, view, therefore, the canal company will proceed with the work on tho Ottawa and French river sections simultaneously. *
II. LANG.
Sec,-Trcas

the best Scotch, English and Canadian manufac-
PRICE
!
Nov. 0, 1899
WELL LINED,
WELL MADE and EXCEEDINGLY STYLISH.
Everything required by tl\e Farmer
in the line of machinery to lighten the work about his premises may be got here.
$8.75
They have been selected with a view to
This Garment u Made to order ” by a Tailor though perhaps “ not to fit ” would be $17-00»
SHOREV’S CLOTHING is not_ made to order, but
made to fit, and every thread is guaranteed.
JuTjirinnnnjuTjmrLnnn/injTJLriAnnnjinJuinjiriJirLruin/uiA/iruuinj
Great Battles, supplying people with the class of goods
Ninel<m nth Century."
Great lien, Créât Inventions and I Ms-1 they require, and they have been marked coveries, Progress of Nations, every prices that must sell them when exgreat event of the century. If you have | mlne(j. a slow selling book or engaged in other agency business you lose money to tlnuc. Here is the best opportunity for making money you ever had. Big profit, easy time, new plan, get our offer
IT PAYS
To buy a good article, and an inspection of our stock will show that w e keep only the beat goods of the best makers.
A. HODGINS
coil

Prices that will sell.
y
Shoiey’* Ready Tailored Clothing can be obtained from the following Firme in the County of Pontiac :
* H. S. DOWD, QUYON.
O’MEARA BROS . BRYSON.
f. a. Maloney chapeau.
To meet this
PROPRIETOR.
G. F. HODG1N3, SHAWVILLE.
paul McNally, Campbells bay.
8. SMITH, BRISTOL STATION.
A. SMILEY.
sure.
BRADLEY GARRETSON CO., Lt d.
Brantford.
Advertise.in The Equity.

k
- .

à









###PAGE###5###
r
t
*

r
V
T



1
v X
f

(
1
1
1
G. I. DonJdSBi,
from a stranger who had called upon him a abort time before. A traveller for a weatern agricultural college, who waa one of the listener», stepped up to him and said, 11 do you take the local paf>er I "
l the ruffled farmer,
“ Well, that explain» it
JAN. HOPE & Co.
VIANUrACTURIXO STATIONERS,UOOK8KL ItX 1er», Bookbinders Printer», etc. Depository f me Ottawa Auxiliary HltileSoulety,Ottawa, Out.
THE EQUITY,
GOOD VALUE
1
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISH KD KV1RY THURSDAY
AT 8H AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, UUE.
SUBSCRIPTION-$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages e paid, unless by special arrangement with ubllsher.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and
L JEWELLER
KEEPS
A «ELECT STOCK OF
WATCHES,
CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, SILVERWARE
An. Ac.
<1<
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L
‘ No.” sai<
o*oo*o*o*o*
I »
41 I have t ravelled over a
not
NOTARY PURLÎ NOTARY FOR THE RELIANC E LOAN AND HAVINGS CO., OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will lie In Sliawvllle on Tuesday of every week.
the traveller great part of this country, and I have found it to he the case that the great majority of men who have hven taken in by sharper*, did not read the homo newspaper."— < )rillia Packet.
The Ottawa Cheese B»ard wound up the teas Mi’» business on Friday lark, m which occasion, President Joseph K-ivan agh stated, unofficially, that the value of cheese so’d by the B -ard this year was 82100,000, which was considered very sat-i factory.
Means Excellence in Quality
with Cheapness
*
m.
o
ADVERTISING RATES :
I^gal advertising, eight cents per line for first Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at N.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at tho rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and three coals for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will he Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per Hue.
of Price
/
R. MITCHELL,
BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
for the District of PomHc. Office, Mu in 81., Hoawvllle.
A'•counts collected and prompt returns made.
llnpAiRirro—
A 8l'E< 1ALITY
We have never before in the history of this Store placed such an array of tempting values in seasonable and up-to-date goods.
Large Consignment of—
SHAWVILLE, Q.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN S^ITIji Proprietor.
s
Montreal, Nov. 13. - Yesterday morning at 8 o’clock tire broke out in the establishment of Vian A Fiere, manufacturer* of biscuit* and confectionery, at 1288 Notre Dame street, and spread to the large warehouse of Trotter Bros., situated in the rear, destroying property to the value of $300,000.
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
SiSli and
DOOR
f
FACTOEY.
JOB PRINTING
The spot spot for
To hand—all bought before the advance in prices, and will be sold at old prices. | Meriir s El|Erior Money in them for buyers.
Our stock consists of all the leading brands:
The famous Goodyear, Columbia, Dominion,
Maple Leaf, and Jacques Cartier—in Men’s, Ladies’, Misses’, Children’s and .... Boys’ cotton and wool-lined....
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Ordeis by mall promptly attended to.
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, on
11—A sad fatality
Kngston, Nov	H
occurred at the farm <>f Jessie Barker, near C'atnranui, three miles from the city, when John Knight, a farm laborer, met death in a sudden manner. Ixnight was assisting in the binding of a load of hay in Barker's ham when the binding pole broke, precipitating him to the floor. He alighted upon his head, fracturing his skull and injuring his brain. Death was almost instantaneous.
ALL KINDS OF
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
A Clean Shavk
W Your Turn next
Aerent for The STAR LAUNDRY oi Ottawa.
Articles to l>v lanndried forwarded every
Tuesday morning.
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
MANUFACTURE!
F. M.A. McNaughtoq,
District and Country.
DOORS, HASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, &c. &c,
K* j»t in stock ami made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULARPRICES
Graduate of McGill University1,
The Arnpi i r Chronicle of last week Mr. V Bu Id of Renfrew formerly
An epidemic of smallpox hae broken out in Essex Ctunty, Out.
The estate of the late Senator Sind ford is valued at over one million of dollars.
Mr. Thos. Mackie, M. P. of Pembroke, and Mr. Claude McLschlm, of Arnprior, have been elected members of the board of directors of the newly organized Otta wa Insurance Company.
Mr. Louis Coste, late engineer of the department of Public Works, on Friday night was robbed of a valise, at Bonavei • lure station, Montreal, containing gold and valuables worth 821,000.
J. W. Anderson, who was tried at Winnipeg last week on the charge of robbing the Moleon’s Bank, was honorably acquitted and tendered n bai quet by his friends at the Robblin House. Five hundred citizens attended.
Messrs. Perkins and Fraser, of Ottawa, will make application in xt session on behalf of certain capitalists for pi rmission to construct a railway from near the mouth of the French river on the Georgian Bay, in an easterly direction, through the districts of Ni pis dug, Party Sound and the C lunty of Renfrew, to Pembroke and Portage du Fort, with power to bridge t’ie 0:tawa and to make use of the water jow era along ihe route.
On Thursday evening last Rrv. Dr. Moore of tliu Bank St. (Ottawa) Pres by tenan church, was m trrmd to Mia. E iz v bi'th Macfur'ane, of 378 Maria St., widow of the late Dr. William Macfarlsne, of Almonte. The ceremoy. was performed in Bank street church, ItDr. Armstrong,
• •f St. Paul's Preahytto i m church,« fticiat-ing. The wedding WA* a quiet one, and j J very private, only the immediate n 1 Hive-* ! £ being present.	j
mays
oç Arnprio-, is a bacln 1 »r no longer has wed Miss Lottie Weeks of Western, Ont , who has visited in Am prior. The honeymoon tovr, which is just over, was quite expensive, taking in among other places, Antwerp, N. Y. Among the wedding souvenirs received was a sofa from the Eureka Fire Co., Renfrew, of which Mr Budd is captain. He and his wife spent Sunday in Arnprior.
Office— Residence of the late Dr. H. H Knox, Shawville.

He
McCKEDIE & HODGINS.
War Declared in our Moccasin Dep’m't !
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D, C, M
Estimates furnished.
F. T. M. C.
Gradusie of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow l>y examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omet and Residence i J. 11 Armstrong's House, MAIN STREET
The Oil-Tans have taken up a strong position against the combined attack of the Beefskin Long-top and Short and genuine Deerskin. Fortunately no loss on either side so far.
THE BULL ELECTEE! CO.
SHAWVILLE
Cars run at Intervals of twenty minutes n ihe morning and fifteen minutes in the after noon, dally, Sundays included.
V
1,000 Willing to go
LEGAL
Edmonton, N. W. T., Nov. 11.—Frank Oliver, M. P., hits notified the Minister of Militia at < Htawa that the Northwest will send one thousand men to the Transvaal if the British Government should require them. They would he composed of ex-members from the Mounted Police and others who are all experienced and expert horsemen.
BODRBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L. L
Close connections are made with all f ana-Han Pacific anil Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
I
Oil-Tan IVjoccasins Reinforced with Wet Weather 1
Full lines in
the famous Skowhegan,
Black Leather, Tallow-Tanned and Hair-lined.
SEE OUS HITS AND GLOVES.
They are very Special and at away down prices,
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON will visit Shawville every Monday
f
Baggage promptly handled
W. IL TAYLOR
Sec.-Treas
WM- GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, &c.t
159 Main Street,.....
aT.T.YaT.T
t_
-? Vc*? A

Hull.
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Ofilce-over G. F. Hodglus’ Store, Main Sf.

?
*##
• ••
AGUINALDO SURROUNDED
|Stevens Rifles;
Such is Claim of Americans. The “Terrible American Yell."

V
AiiTiiLK McConnell.
respondent Xhsocmtud Press with Gen. Young telegraphs from Sail .lose that Aguinaldo did not escape to the north-vast He nntl his army, the coiTcap*indent adds, arc surrounded His last orders to the Filipino commander at San Jose were t<> hold San Jose and Carrang-lan at all cost.
The
Manila, Nov. 1 f the
; are guaranteed to be
A TTORNEY AT LAW, Main HI. Hull, \ Owe, will, at request.Htioudallcourt» in the (list riel. All correwpondcuct prompt' 'mil boa18hawvlllcflrstThursdnyofeach month.
S SAFE, SOLED,
G. F. HODGINS. I
*
&GGÜRATE,
P. S.—Goat Robes.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
fProm tlio
H	_ ,
$6.oo “ Favorite 99
Elliott & Bartier’s Mill 1toourmo5te,pcnslve",dea''"
£
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,
230 Main St, -- Hull, Que-,
(Old Registry Office, opposite Court House.)
Law business In District ot Pontiac attend ed tv.
WANTED Farmers'sons or other industrious persons of fair education to whom $40.00 a month would be an inI could also engage a few
GERMANY GETS THEM
The - IDEAL " No. 44 is a fine rifle. ! I £ ONE OP OIK LEADERS, price only $10. ; ] $ Wcgufj «iltee it in every respect. Noth- * j ^ ing cheap about it but the price.	m
-h Mnde rcjularly In .22, .25 end .32cal- ' | y lbre rim-lire, .2<V20 STEVEX8, .32—40, ^ , 4.38-53 and. 11- 40 center-flre.	> <
IN SPECIAL SIZES, S 12.00.	' :
Send stau'.p for complete Catalog and
lland Hook.
Samoan Islands Will Become German Territory—Agreement Reached.
ducement Indies at their own homes
SHAWVILLE.

T. 11. LIXSCOTT, Brantford
Toronto, N->v. 9 —Daring a desperate battle with 1 wo burglars, who sought to
rob him of his valuables, John E Yarcoe, I	Nov 8.—It was < ffiically stated
a groci r at N<». IdJ Queen street, was shot | thjg morning that an agreement, sulj^t t by Iiia i aaailants sustaining wounds which : to the ^pprov. 1 of the United States, had
caused his death shortly after , o clock i been reached between Great Biitian and	_
! SSS2SI Atsasss "" “
after an encounter with lho police, the latter being shot down while attempting to make his escape.
W. W. IRELAND,
Planing,
Matching Dressing
i
Farm Stock for Sale.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Commissioner and Conveyancer Deeds, Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satisfactorily.
I
|J. STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL CO.,
QUE
SHAWVILLE
I
P 0. Box 1311,
CHICOPEE FALLS, MASS,
1 span General Purpose Horses. Several good Milch Cows,
“	2-year old Heifers,
“	Yearling Heifers and Calves
WILLIAM ELLIOIT
T> AILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT X> Shawville . Que., respectfully noücUs êntftKoraontiiforftuy buslncMfctu connection with all Courts In the County. Collections
madeand prompt return «.assured
territory
*
and
AGENTS, —Dreyfus; the Prisoner of Devil's Island. Full story of the most remarkable Military Trial and scandal of the age. Big book, well illustrated, sells on sight. Snap for canvassers.
BRADLEY-GARRETSON CO., Lt d,
Brantford.
The Ontario Colon’zition society, the headquarters of which are Ottawa, has sent twenty five families to the Ni pissing district dunng the past few months to occupy and cultivate land which the government disposes of at a very nominal rate.
New roads have been opened up in different parts of the country and the society
has done everything to facilitate the col- | AGENTS Light of Life onization of the district. The soil is fer tile and as an instance, one of the settlers from Ottawa raised 370 pounds of wheat from ten pounds of seed which he obtained at the experimental farm. A large cheese factory has just been opened at Verner with a capacity for handling 5,000 pounds of milk per day.
1 Foal.
Terms : Cash or joint notes.
BENJAMIN WORKMAN,
Charteris, Clarendon
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
LUMBER OF ALL KINDS
done at
reasonable rates.
GENERAL.
J. J. TURNER,
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
-	Sample» Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
FOR SALE.
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
Pontlae. Sales conducted In a business-like and eallefactory manner. Goods or articles of abv kind taken and disposed of by public or private sale on reasonable terms. Public sales conduced at Bhawvllle once a month. A variety of articles always on hand for sale: Offlce : Shawville, Que.
The New

o
Testament explained and the Lives of.	_	, ,	,
APO..I»,...bo,k,™ tLgsRïï àrïuïïric
dorsed by all clergymen. Bonanza for | Berkshire Boar, registered.
These animals will be sold cheap for
all demands supplied for

ROUGH AND DRESSED LUMBER.
WM. BARBER
canvassers. Agents taking orders from three-fourths calls made. If you want a | cash share in this gold mine, hustle. BRADLEY-GARRETSON CO., Limited.
Brantford
J. G. ELLIOTT
EDWARD BROWNLEE,
Clarendon
Court Shawville,
No 216.
Oct. 31, 99
An Earthquake
L0.E
I Meets the 4th Wednes ! I day of every month.
/ Court dues must be paid / promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially invited.
H. 8. Barnett, F.S
Wâ
While making a drain a short distance from Marathon recently, T. G. Armstrong had the good fortune to run across what is likely to prove a moneymaking coal oil well, says the Carp Star. Mr. Armstrong was working together with another man wheu they struck the vein, and from the odor thought something was burning at the house, but to their surprise and delight it proved to be petroleum of a very good quality. Mr. Armstiong took pieces of;the rock to Ottawa on Tuesday where he met a gentleman from the Queen City oil wells, who informed him that the sam» plus were better than any he had seen, except those from Barrie with which they
comp, red favorably. The matter will be I THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A looked i ito in a few d yi by special*
ista, and from present reports the work of developing the well will be proceeded with.
Always creates a lot of excitement, j Incidentally we might remark that • ' our splendid and well selected stock_____
of general merchandise ie creating (I PROMPTLY SECURED
a like amount of excitement amongst ' " rnumi 1	1 *&"*»,,**.**
the purchasing public, the cause being our very low prices.
So to
PATENTS

L.B.C
DALE BROS.
rpHB
Write for our interesting books “ Invent ors Help" and “How you are swindled. Send us a rough sketch or model of year
invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. We make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
Civil A Mechanical Engineers, Graduates of the Polytechnic School of Engineering, Bachelors In App.led Sciences, Laval University, Xmbm Patent Law Association. American W ater Works Association, New England W ater Works Assoc. P, O Surveyors Association, Assoc. Member Can. Society of Civil Engineers.
* NEW YORK LIFE B'ID’C.. MONTREAL CAM. OFF.CES: "j ATiANTIC BUUDINC.. WASHINGTON, D C.
J. A. Cowan, R.8
PORTAGE DU FORT
HUGH Hobbs, C. R.
For anything and everything in the line of - - -|yhe Farmer
Stoves,
Roller Mill
HOTELS.
Tinware,
St. Lawrence Hall,
will find us prepared to supply his every need. We have everything he requires from a plough to a suit of clothes
Furnaces,
Cistern Pumps, Roofing or Evetroughing.
T., «a
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN
The Housewife
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
W ill also be pleased to learn that our stock of groceries and household necessities was never so large and complete. We have everything she may require to make the home happy and comfortable.

PONTIAC HOUsf
I[ilBMT ’	ni lffiMl
First Quality Flour. JoVbing and
Repairing
Some time ago a syndicate of Br tish and American capitalists acquired some 3,000 equare miles of spruce forest in the Gatineau district, and it is now said to be their intention to erect somewhere near Ottawa tie largest pulp and paper works in the world, having a capacity of from 500 t#000 tons a day. and giving employ ment HWLJQft to 2,000 hands. The greater part or tho necessary machinery for both pulp and paper is said to have been ordered, mostly in the Unitee States. C instruction of the works is to commence mxt spring, and the mills are expected to be running by next autumn. All kinds of paper are to be made.
60 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
a

AS* Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
In Conclusion,
Neatly and promptly executed at low prices. Good workmanship guaranteed.
Suffice it to say we have everything usually kept in an up to ^ate general store.
4
Trade Marks Designs
f rrf” Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch and description may Quickly ascertain oar opinion free whether an Invention is probably patentable. Communications strictly confldentlal. Handbook on Patenta sent free. Oldest agency for securing patenta.
Patents taken through Mann A Co. receive gpecial notice, without charge. In the
Scientific Bttitrkaii.
Ï0 PITlHT bOOu Ideas A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest rir
sa-aea	jgjgnissÆ;
!»E PUM RECORD	MUNN 8 CO.1*""**”' *6W TOtll
Branch Office GJS F St. Washington. D. C. ,
JOSEPH BROWN,
Proprietor
SiLAS YOUNG E*k_Starke’s Corners.
i
DALE BROS.
FOR SALE: .
1
SHAWVILLE, QUE
Highest Prices paid tor Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Eggs.
A quantity of—
In one of the hotels in Campbell ford, the other day, a man gave vent to his feelings in language that was neither choice nor poetical, because he had been swindled in the purchase of an article
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
P. S.

SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
C. CALDWELL, • •
proprietor
k

y
_

	
44
###PAGE###6###



r t~*;



v
* f
i



mm


t
<
torcou rse with Margaret. True, MImhi, He point» out how readily UP Il A Ü PATTOP 1^(1 TflRfi V often thought ot her; he could not helphhi» eruunel break» off from the JLU3 JL1Ü0 UtiLUÜlÜ lu VvUibibi doing that, but somehow or ot her t hese j nubjaoeiit iron, if it bo submitted latter thoughts were not as the ton- too rapidly to a great heat. 1 hi» he der, blissful musing», to which he was attributes to the rapid expansion onoo accustomed. And she, feeling of the metal without a coi respond-that her love had been scorned, kept j ing extension of the enamel. Once wholly to herself.	cracked, moisi ure obtains
If she would only show a little con- to the iron, which bceomea rusty,
Even now amd the enamel then peels off in
True, he
nesa.	île
e na me
many left-overs from other professions, and took to this business as a last resort. Sooner or later such people will learn that it take* skill, industry and intelligence to be ceseful farmer or dairy,an.
STAND BY THE HOt
If one has learned how to breed sidération,” thought Tom
. I	and improve a hog, to feed and care she knows that mother is ill, very ill, small flak. s or large pieces
>.	-.urt«n ....	hll,„ „.a	...i:,rc
*	....	^ en teen days, and live from three to nish l*>rk from European markets, hunger for a word from you. Tour sll-
w. s Protestantism’s principal mmx- , six weeks after laying, their life be- Then corntw along the stately beefer enoe is something awful.*1
ing ,0nger. and,n'ur? aCt‘:e in d“,UP	"Âr; wlKfÆ	&ïît "h.V™COOKING WITH HONEY. I mom, king within roach
r-E™ EH HHSS É5 SSStF' FF- EiHEFF rrn
In the race for universal empire. | will kill them as will also potash so lu- tate <c> all. Hama, bacon, sausage, lard, er to rest. With no regret of his s. If- tarai state, or strained. There are 1 uU« I resident as his hatred of
pigs feet and loins are too securely dental, and no repining for	that m iny ways it which it can be used 1 ho «•tnl uf England. These two are
,	raS;iSSSrSa?ES“..............................................fer1?
rivalry, legitimate enough, but fatal into an emulsion with coal oil and hie price below cost of production. The " I have tried to do roy duty.”	many apples as desired, cut them in	,kwr '¦ nothing more nor lew
^	- —*—sss _ — pp;
navigation act of 1(151, which prohibit- I ho parasites live on the surface of enemiee cannot, if they try ever so f%'%'%'%'%pat a little butter and a teaspoon of ed the importation into England or the skin and adhere to the fatty mat- hard, because he will stick to the man f At\	è I honey. Pour a little water in the pan,
z 2 zzrzz z! zz zzzzvzrz '	kThe Home r:r ?r.r=sz £->zz zz ™
HFF™ E"FFF" — ' ¦	——SSL^. dEEEHHE
land, which was doing at that time ' *th a magnify,ng glass upon auy _	Lier and a teaspoon of salt. Hub into war. Already Lhe Boers camoaurn ia
three-fourths of England’s carrying dark surface. In handling the afflict-1 I h/T I IT 7/Y I fl\T T*0 ' s n ru e carrots an» not treat- ,jjt, f loo r 2 tablespoons butter ; add 3	.	...	.	. . . .
trade. War between the two conn- animals, should any of the para- I I IC" I \\ III I I	V f™ I	A	e<1 respectfully either by cook or din-	well beaten eggs, 1 cup strained honey	against this place, which has
*ites get upon man they quickly die. j	Æ Vf	T VI	ers Yet they nre a wholesome veget-	nn<1 1-2 pint milk, Beat well until	Htfoiig	strategic inducements for it»
ilaiige is never developed, but from I	- able, capable of being made into a thoroughly mixed, and bake in jem ®l,lt*rJ occupation uaide from the
is the microscopic search fur the Ac-	* ^ er^ tne "h° ^nt u of er hands.	honey and granulated sugar, 1-2 cup road king, the king of multi-million-
arus Bov is. After exposure from the hls devotion declared that he was a A few receipts to this end may be Loft butter, and 2 well-beaten eggs. jVIV8. the "old lion” whose esoag* time tbo parasite ia deposited upon the ; model son.	of service to the housewife who is I kSifl together l pint of flour with a Ernger be waded when Jameson an*
su “.k!bÆ ïzzsxzïz ! ~f r;r?rvnY' — ‘•¦v— «-	—-! ».xra:	rt sr
iod of from two to six weeks, depend-	mself asserted that her love for preparing her vegetables and a salad | above. Bake in a moderate oven a tested personages are bound up in on#
ing upon the number of ’parasitée | °im compensated for all things.	for her simple dinner, and who hereto- hi If hour or more.	stalwart body, and Lhe name# of that
transmitted.	When he had laughingly announced fore has only thought of carrots as Honey Hi tiger Snaps.—One pint 1,0 L 18 B Lodes, who possibly does not
appear» as pimples and vesicles, then aH laughingly replied that he would stew.	beaten egg and flour to make *tiff and he nmy also put loo strong a faith
scaling and the formation of crustal remain a fine old bachelor.	I	One method pt preparing car-	en4,u*h to roll. Into the flour put a	!" lr’	defensibleness of the place he
These are attended by in-1 Tom did not care, at least	not much.|	rota ia in U,is wise: Take sever-	‘ot »^in^,.owder.	pi^di.ly ” ‘,rououJ,cad M “,e M
he had met Margaret Storrow,| aI bunches of small carrots and	MANY PUZZLERS	I WHAT RHODES WOULD GET.
A 0 :1 5 AS D COM MES TS
MVkWiWiVA iYMYAV ^YYmVWim^
Agricultural
The war between England and the Dutch residents of South Africa Is a chapter in the history of one of the most Interesting and protracted race feints Lu the world’s annals the peace of Westphalia of 1618 formally gave to Holland the independence from Spain for which she had been fighting intermittently since 157*2, and
CECIL RHODES MAY BE CAPTURED BY KRUGER'S FORCES.
a sue

WHAT CATTLE MANGK IS
access
¦lentntlummI i,*w WHI Nnl Avail Hlm Tteei — Km oïl m Wnn Seul ta hlmbrrlry |U IMe, Nul Llvrd la lieramr Oam Piml't Honl lliilrd l a cm y.
When
Cattle mange ia a very ancient contagious disease. Moses described it. it
Mr
It was
certain extent
When Kruger can bring himself te
ri<Ni
that murderer" with u
are used, should have them overhauled I choke of peeaion and » slight twitch
2 as ÏÏfïïi'S	k «•	...........-
be at once discarded	| not repress a desire to ehoke him
then and there if be but had the dis-
ions wars
in i n v
dard-bearer
London was the world's financial I weather
Amsterdam and not
Next to hie
center
tion, lye, turpentine, tar, tobacco ao-
Right here came
POINT
tries resulted, which saw some of the fiercest sea fighting recorded in history, and which closed in 1654. Neither country gained any decided advantage, but the policy which England started by the act of 1051, dealt a bow to Holland’s commercial supremacy and was the beginning of a political feud between the English and the Dutch which is in opérât ion in of its manifestations on the African continent to-day. Holland had been at war with Spain and other nations, with a few intermissions, for three-quarters of a century when the conflict iu Cromwell’s days took place and she was at war, with a few intermissions, for a century and a half longer with several nations and coalitions of nations, England often being among the number. This eventually exhausted her resources so that her colonies one after another dropped out of her hand# and she sunk to a low level among the nations.

1
ami scabs
tense itching, worse during the hot
part of the day. Animals scratch, rub	'	, .	,
and bite theuiselvee on affected parts, and taen he realized that there was plunge them into boiling water for the hair falls out, the skin becomes another kind of love far different from five minutes; then rub the outer peel * Lxidy and thickened, ulcerated, scab- what ho had been experiencing. That off with n clean cloth. This is "con-
of thè bodynnuiy I J^nv^ded1,8 butr fhe wh‘eh be entertained for bis mother sidered a better way than scraping disease usually begins on the sides of suffered no diminution, it being pure, them, fut off the green tops and cut the neck and shoulders, the base of the true and filial to perfection ; but the the carrots into thin slices. Put into horns and the root of the tail, spread- emotion engendered by Margaret was a sauce pan three ounces of butter,
Treatment'-toSdb? preceded by'a ot au etiUrelr d,tte,euL character ; it lie table«poonfaU of water, a wit-careful scrubbing of the akin to clear was » steuuy, consuming flame that spoonful of salt, a little pepper and
ZZsrSLZrCXJT,SS5-—H-.IH...
and add to them half a cup of cream and one tablespoonful of chopped parsley. Pour this sauce over the cooked carrots, and let them remain over the fire long enough to cook, and then serve immediately.
The French manner of cooking very ...	. c, ,,	.. ,
BHieasi
m%mê isiiliSIil
aaJ BBS IIP pliS
and stir them into the creamed sauce! ^htle he was delighting h,s Caledon-1 Kru«er The young man started as though When hot turn them into a heated ia° comrades on the gold fields by
ari“^,sbo"t“1 ™ *r "* ”..."	|ti?";.^^h:1'aÆThtf;
said. " Well, perhaps you are right. I A delicious entree is made thus:	LATEST IS THU "1'ATHGMETKR.” accumulai bv Oie most brimant
“ïymë°Æriovetü,ohu dLriJ.teh- S tl'LtooZ1îAS 0f the inven, ing of long-felt cycling	cew ««C
standing what you have just said in into a saucepan containing three pints , want» there seems to be no end. The ^ hJ*i 1 i ; ,,nff..rH L , W„M fnn . a moment of vexation. 1 would be will- of boiling water, and cook until they Lit eat of these is an instrument by of money for the sake of nossesson
SSESSwt iSlrvs HSH	» “i	iHEEH&ES
Think, dear, mother is old and and pepper. Cool rapidly until the j a bicycle, but also the various direc- again ami again with flmosi hildi».h ill. To leave her now would be cruel, stock has been almost boiled away, lions foflowed during the journey and .)i„Uolire To?dav monev in him is hut I cannot do it, even for you and my add a large tablespoonful of butter, the hills ascended and descended. The tooJ w*z,u whi(.h h Jxiwt* to rnrv« selfish happiness. I would not bring and shake the pan so that the butter record of directions is obtained by V:g wav to Higher ambitions wlun« you into the same house as her, for and remaining liquid will mix and ad- means of a compass. Toe needle is | hieh-toindmr *	'
that is her home, and she is mistress' here to the carrots, coating them. Pile	suspended at the top of the "patho-	se,f (annot clearlv see
of it. Can you not wait a little while the carrots in the centre of a hot	I meter,*' as the apparatus is called, dir-	His greatest reoroarh	him.
iolong/until I Cable1 to	wa°y I placed %'ro^d \he^ed^^ of ' '^The | Tords IrTtaken.^^ °“	îest 1 e sîi^ene ifgy ‘ ^ente^ny 6mome°nt
;™ KC r sstr&’SïTiaKï
cried. "It is simply a case of your » peppercorns, some celery seed of advertising a patent medicine. And he is hut 46 years old
,,	h	,	rr, 1% % %	Jsra&szzt	^ ter i	t
I>06-1 p-roduclH of factories, such as linseed | f(„. ali this matter shall be dec ded now. cold meats or using with beets to gar-	Boggs-Not much ! That's where he	hi„ ,h'OPs	ever a weikl nâ « nï
This cottonseed meal, and to ignore t lie | yuur choice—choose now between! uii»h potato salad.	I showed his cleverness. He hired & abroad to die His armetite is \ won-
agreeing topay 1 owner of'theTrdl	iu"%Ue'ly'%|	bWe“7 ::	^*™ IN TI,E POT"	! ^ ^	ma.who:ltVa%ïol: ÏS *
a large proportion of the postage to'ducts, and the prices for them havej though facing a fearful ordeal, but he The use of enamelled iron ware |	"TOMMY ATKINS.*'
The Postmaster General	advanced under the demand, never wavered.	for culinarly purposes is becoming
so that to-day when a farmer pays o *• Be it as you say,” he answered, very w good round price for a ton of any of »« j will make my choice. It is this:
a these by-products, it is a question jj will n(.ver desert my mother I To do I*X4Sesa one 01 “ore ot Lheae aru- the fact that the printed forms used Whom I came to this town, said the whether it would not pay him better that would be for me to make myself i clfa, which have much to recoin- in the army have the name "Thomas man on the dry goods box, everything to buy a ton of oats or corn from a a coward, au ingrate. Margaret, you 1 mend them on the score of ease in Atkins," printed to indicate where the	I	hhd.	in	the world was tied up in a
neighbouring farmer at the market- have refused to be just, refused even ' cleansing, and the rapidity with	should write his name.	red	bandana handkerchief.
Prk*- L tJ. .	.	,	to be generous. With angry words youi ,ih ,	( penetrates to (he mn	-?-	And now? naked the tourist, who
We should learn to depend upon our reply to my pleadings. À ou say,1	MICE AS PFTS	wa*< waiting for a train,
farm crops for feeding, so far as gx»s- * choose,' and I do. My mother—first, I e 11 a*	^1SI,I,!D' ** * ^ °f	'	And now, replied the man on I he box,
sible, _*d with a little skill in man- jttat and always."	Brighton, has, however, called our M*c® Lave long been in demand as scratching his jaw, everything Pve got
age ment it is an easy matter not to a moment later he was alone. The attention to this latter property,	They ran 1>e trained to perform in the world is tied down with mort-
be formed to buy any food for stock,	y^ed with rage, had rushed from ' and shown that it may constitute many tricks, are very fond of music *****
In thin age of w ience and intelligent ( his pre8ence. The knowledge of the a source of dmger, says the British and have l**en taught to dance irrace-farimng every dairyman should know futility of her efforts to conquer bun Medical Journal. He met with the fully to waltz time.	"
something of the relative value of mil(i(iened her. Sighing heavily, Tom case of a cook, who, in cleaning foods, and of the mlative cost of rats- turned away from the tryst ing place, I	a saucepan made of	this ware, had	v	..
ing them in different sections of the allt|	went hack to his borne, and—his	beau pierced with a	sin ill piece of	^ IHK MAPI EH 01 MANAGEMENT
country hut by the way that some mother.	lhe enamel under the finger-nail. It is better to laugh than to erv said
neglect their o|>portunities, and dnft,	found her unusually ill, and for	I pun examination	after extrac-	thw young girl, brightly
with the tide it would seem as if (lie	afterward his anxiety as to her	lion, the fragment	proved to he	Not if you're trying to	manage	a
business of dairying was crowded with condition prevented his having any in- like glass in appearance and sharp- husband, said the worn in

If Lhe price set uihju the head of the Colossus should lead to his cap» Lu.ro alive there is no doubt whatever about his ultimate fate, for he As a corollary to the recently issued I would have the "benefit” of an iin-
report of the post master-general mediate military trial, and if he should
where the it,mu of insufficiently or !"' ‘«^ enough to be shot Lnstead u« •	,	— , »	. .	.	. I hanged that would be the best he
obscurely addressed letters is dealt would get.
with, it may be noted that the depart- Twenty-eight years ago Rhodes was
ment had had many tough tasks to | a ,anky, thin-faced boy of 18, whom
his doctor declared could not live si g months, even in the milder climate ot South Africa, making a footnote of Once an envelope intrusted | t his prediction in his memorandum
To-day for relentless force and
Mat lhe Postal Hr 1»* r mini I Hu* Arqnltleil
l|*eir Fhvoini lily.
only effects the parasite, but does not
kill the eggti. in about a week these I that his affection lor Margaret was give birth, to new parasites. In many reciprocal. She was what is known as cases it is necessary to make a third | a pretty girl, a good dresser and conversationalist. supposed to possess u kind heart, and always especially attractive when Tom was in the neighborhood.
_	_	.	, I Like many other girls, she wassome-
Formerly the dairyman planted t he | what of a coquette, her only visible
smallest amount of corn possible for | imperfection being an air of irnper-
food for his cows, and depended upon | iousness which at times was decidedly
*raBB and hay Whenevar FSibly' Tr “ WeaTom had told her of hi, plane, day we are going gradually more to In fact| thti two had talked the inai-
corn amd less to hay. The reason is ter over many times. He had told her
thait we can get more from an acre of his mother, had- taken Margaret to
or „r„	... „„„ wu ™ I 2" SXS'V&ii? tZ'Æ'
Margaret promised that she would be Corn far outranks hay for the dairy- patient, although it was evident that
she chafed at all this consideration Tom was showing for his mother.
" I w ish you had more decision, Tom, said Margaret one day ; ' girl will not wait forevei
it did not take Tom long to ascertain
It would seem as if the two great liberal and enlightened nations which Europe saw after the peace of Westphalia ought to have remained allies
enemies, but
graph
to it on which was inscribed—“Gro- I Look fredevi Lon-W’—seul <mm	- SSÜÏÏ'ÏÜS’Ï Î1Ï ÏSili
was delivered to the eminent scientist, deal h of Gladstone, in all the vast
Sir Humphrey Davy.	| British dominions.
lie was a youth of big ideas, with
(implication
instead of becoming jealously decreed otherwise, and so the commercial and financial scepter passed to England
Holland planted in South Africa in 1H52, back in the days when Cromwell
FOOD FOR THE DAIRY
The colony which
was at the head of England's government, and which, in the flicts of the next century and a half, was aften menaced by England, and once or twice taken, passed into England's hands
con
quantity and quality
permanently ii* 1806.
England's enmity to Holland passed to
Holland’s progeny, and, with one
two wars to extend and intensify it,
rages to this day. At the outset ;
the struggle between the two
tries 248 years ago the chances for
world primacy seemed to be even as
bel ween England and Holland, bu ithe! lt lhe laad wafl us*d fur raiamg buy
rate which Imposed on Holland the Corn “ a woude,Iul fuod P|a,lt- and necessity of an eternal warfare with:	undoubtedly the finest in the world.
and its position on the The ignorance of feeding the grain too
mainland of Europe which exposed it! Lxxly to animals us an exclusive diet,
to assault from powerful nations and' aiil1 musing sickness thereby, does not
coalitions of nations, was fatal to its in least injure the real value of
Thus the limitations! corn as a food. It merely shows that
of geography and topography at last | the true way to use the crop fur food
gave the ascendency to England
mans needs if it is properly fed. Whether we rut the crop for the silo k.1’ I before the grain is ready for harvesting or simply raise it from the grain and feed the stalks to the stocks, we get more for our labor per acre than
or
No
inn
4
coun-
of affairs."
HIS HEALTH
the
ocean
pre-eminence
was not understood. Wherever corn
mine
does its best oats and pease thrive
PIGEONGRAMS IN NEW ZEALAND. I aud these crops are intended by
—	nature to supplement that of corn.
A Novel System of Wlrrle»* Telegraphi | They should l>e raised in a limited way
with corn and fed in conjunction with
summit perhaps he him-
Adopted by lhe 4-«reminent.
The New Zealand Government has lit adopted a novel but thoroughly cessfui means of postal service from
Then the dangers to cattle so of-„ | ten threatened by injudicious feeding of corn will all ue averted. With an ...	.	. ample supply of corn and some oats
on»* island to another by means of | aucj pease we have a standard of rati om ing pigeons
sage carried by the "‘pigeon post," the i These crops should he raised so that
the dairyman need buy as little byproducts us possible.
The fashion has become in recent
sue
To denote the mes- lion that canuoi well be excelled
new’ word •‘pigeongram" has been
adopted
the first difficulty lay in obtaining yea.ru to recommend the feed of by complete control and ultimate
In organizing the service
session of the birds used
was
be charged
‘Tommy Atkins,
has become the nick-oatnw of the British soldier from
Most households
then authorized the issuance of 600 special "pigecwigV'aan stamps’* as trial issue, one of which was to be used on each message sent stamps cost 35c each, and are purchased and canceled at the sending and receiving post offices in the ususl
The message is written in lead pencil on thin but tough tissue paper, the stamp is placed on the cen-
Tbe message is folded up into a small compass, tied under the wing of a bird, and in un hour is in the iiadi of the person to whom it is addressed poet office authorities believe that in this way they will be able to send a pagoongram across an expanse of thirty miles at a less rate than the telegraph companies charge for a ten-word message
common
AFTER THE BOOM WAS OVER
These
manner
ter and then canceled
THE CLKRK‘8 MISTAKE.
I want a Turkish bath, said the patron.
Yes, sir, politely replied the new clerk, l ue of Joblot z's department store,Iwill yo
shall we send
The Auckland
a It with you, or
m
k




<

L .
###PAGE###7###


I
»
think# I had better sleep down stairs fair size. I imagine those above are to-night, do you mind f" and then she the Haute/'
had rung for	her maid, and Rose had	| " The	rooms	above	arm not	ours,”
mad» up the	Chesterfield couch in	said Jack	abruptly,	”	They belong	to
the recess off the second drawing- Mr. Harry Rosa—who is dead.” room, and she bad said in joke how ' f " He was your lodger 9” said Skew-easy it would be for any one to come ton. in and murder her, walking over the * leads of t ho great library built out ” why not f”'
at the back.	Probably no man ever looked less
He had proposed that he should come like a hxlging house kee;*er than Jack down, too, but this she would not al- Ht. George did then, but then nobody low.	suirely wap ever so little like a traitor
She knew it was all fancy disliking and a hound as her room at	the top of the house so	yet—
much, hut he	should not be allowed to
suffer for it,	and then she had gone
gayly up stairs to undress, coming down presently in her dressing-gown,
Rose, the maid, recovered herself	and with Rose in attendance, who
first. Pushing her way through the	placed on the table beside her bed the
throng, and casting a look of con-	night-cap Mrs. St. George usually
temp* on her master, she stepped over	took the last thing at night. Jack alike dead body of the man with a shud-	ways laughed at her for taking tide r, then snatched up a silk dressing-	but take it sfhe did, with the utmost
gown thnlt hung over the back of a	hreguiaritv* t cotituacen ü l tea-
chair, which, with a small table and	spoonful of Jamaica ginger in hob	milliards of redemption money to Gar
t	a	“.^Lsr; -¦* —	.......i- - *«<¦ *>»• —
lonely figure that crouched on the	enough for her usual dose in the hot-	every conceivable means of taxation,
bed.	tie, and she told Rose to be sure and	hns lately taken to advertising as a	recently been built	up the White	Tass
Her mistress did not move while be-	get so-me more next day. \\ hen t he	moans of money making. This method	bas revolutionized	travel in	the	gold
‘B St‘«¦VaS’iJS JÏÏ.	S£ ... .i™.,	u, «.M.... id., -i-o., .u U,.
but when Rose tried to raise her, she	ing robe before a long glass, bad	erous municipalities which have sold	(,antf«r out of the journey.	It
got up with a quick, defiant, move-	frolicked around generally, out some	the apnea on certain public buildings	from Skaguay up the White	l'as»
yond, as Marie Antoinette may have bed.	. trepots, barracks and numerous other	be made to Dawson City by wa-
done he crowd	surrounded	shall come down the night
her tumbril.	see how you are,” he had said, as be
Yet her lip* quivered—not for that tucked her up, and then she had naked poor dead man-her heart was hard him to leave the windows open in the . atone toward him, and she had ! semnd room, and the room beyond, thought of the suddenly arrested and to close he folding-doors between • I	This he had done, returning to his
books, but going in again to look at
has always handled these V**te difficulties sucres if u l y.
He ai flee that the men love them be, < a use of the effective mail s|Jtem they
KLONDIKE REGION IS NOW A COM- Lave estab] shed during the closed æs»
PORTABLE SETTLEMENT.	son when the boats which contract to
bring the mail cannot get through.
**«'• “"«• «""* »'«-•*'“« '» •*“*»•“ the dogs and the driver being chang-I»e »r..i I. ike Wraand.	ed at each station. In I hie way the
Klectric light etram heat and all | distance from JJawson to Skaguay, OHO
mi lea, is covered in a remarkably short time and the boys in Dawson City get their mail from Seattle in mil and by water to Dawson City and twelve to fourteen days.
fho Klondike at the present, time, says There is very little quartz mining
a letter from Duwson.	I ,in Alaska, the race* of It is plao-
er mining. Of course, when the war ter i« frozen up for two to four mont hs 'togs and the dangers of Chilkoot Pans I in the winter, there is no washing am now over. Dawwon City can be done. But the work goes on just the
France, whose national debt has been j «ached from Toronto by rail and b,	^ Tug
growing every day since it paid its |,,oat with the single exception of five near the sluice boxes. When the wadies portage around the grand can-| ter is warm in th<* summer and running freely we dump the dirt intothd boxes and wash out the gold, i have seen as much as a
ELEVEN DATS TO DAWSON
c
Mystery of Shaft No. 13.
ing-doors, that would hardly open far enough to admit them, pausing in the second room ne in the auditorium of a theatre, the laafc room of all appearing a stage, with its two inmates ;**#'<! in a silent and terrible tableau.
Outside It, stood the husband, white, rigid, him arma folded on his breast, apparently as incapable of movement or of speech, an what was laying at him feet.
' My lodger,” said Jack, proudly

CHAPTER 1
* O, long, long, is the winter nicht,
And slowly daw ne the day,
There Is a slain knight in my bower,
And 1 wish he were away.'’
The light grew stronger, and crept beneath the lowered blinds that bid the gay flowers on the balcony, >*‘t ¦offered their sweet smell to enter through the open windows, spread itself softly over the carpet, and showed a woman's gold thimble lying there —then stole toward the shut, folding-doors from the other side of which not a sound or movement had come for hours. Here it seemed to piume awhile, as if afraid, then stealthily passed underneath them, and traversed an oddly-shaped apartment that ended in a place not much bigger than a large recess, and partly hidden by soft, pink muslin drapery, now pushed roughly on one side and held there by something that had fallen heavily between them.
In pity seemed the light to touch
Harry Itoss, n nd | comforts of travel in a lung settled
country is the condition of affairs by
To be Continued.
FRENCH FINANCES
'there is no
for sleds and
more use
The 4»verimiml Hu*» Clone Into Hie Ad vrrllnln* Kimlnene lo Help lli Trrnmry.
The narrow gauge railway which baa
HALF A MILLION IN GOLD DUST
stowed away in tin cans at the foot of a man’s bed and the door was not locked night or day. The man who to I would steal another's gold would not get out of the count ry alive.
The difficulty which must be solved in the Klondike, is the frost in the g remind. The cold in the air is not troublesome, and when we are all dressed in furs we cease to think about it. The frost in the earth ban to be thawed out before the soil will answer to the pick. This is done by means of a " blower ” fed by kerosene, something like (the blower you see used on the asphalt pavement. It is also done by steam.
Shafts have Iteen sunk to the depth of 275 feet in the hope of getting below the frost, but without success. Professor Heilprin, of the Academy of Natural Sciences, whom I met up in Daw-
"letire annonces," or advertising post- It would take four and one-half days son, is of the opinion that the cold paid letter sheet. One half the sheet, to go to Seattle a distance of over 3,(MX) that froze up the ground to so great
5 ££%%%%£%%£&	/•'•« »”«- «*. «*««•• 5S.t
ing, except a space about 4 1-4 by 5	Skaguay, 1,000 miles more, and jou r<0|,| Qf the glacier period.
1-2 inches, reserved for the address, on wrould then be on the boat three days. Some method must soon be invent-which is printed a fifteen-centime post- that in seven days you would be ed by which the cold ran/ be driven on*
æ ssrA'nrijz'z&'t -îas.r,sivr»’s““i““*sSï
then ingeniously folded and held by the White Taau to Dennett, 41 milt s jn Dawson. There is an abundance of a gummed flap. The whole thing is in 4 hours. From Dennett by steam- wood of the pine tree tyfw, which sold for 10 ce-niimes; that is, two thiids bo%t tü Dawson City changing boat* makes excellent fires, and it is this
ï «air ,£ ts s-.rsa “ ™>»~ w*.	» “i,u"**“ " — “ — —-
card.	necessary to go by portage around the
Dy this means the publisher saves | canyon for about five miles, one third the postage and gets his paper and envelope for nothing. Nominally the scheme is worked by a corpor- below the canyon carries you 150 miles
ation, Société Anonyme ; but, as it seila to Dawson City and the Klondike. This postage at one third off and has its wareN for sale at the postoffices and Government tobacco shops, it is practically a Government enterprise. The new system will evidently take the place of the postal card ; it will decrease the sale of postage stamps, but the receipts from the advertising will enable the Government to make a substantial profit out of the project.
runs
It.
There it lay, a strong figure lying face downward, with sunny crown abased, and brows pressed to the coverlid of a wide couch, upon which a womain was lying in a deep sleep, her head pillowed on her outstretched arm, a, picture of perfect innocence and rest.
ter
public buildings, as well as the pack ages in which several kinds of mono poly goods are sold, are entirely under co,ne fearful to all travellers, has been the control of the Government, it is abandoned and with it the ciiy of
evident that it has advertising facili- Dyea across the Lynn Canal from Ska-ties at its command which entirely eclipse in extent and value anything that private advertisers can offer. 1 he value of these may he greatly enhanc- I about $200 to go first class from Toed by legal rest rictions upon the own- I ronto to Dawson City, and barring deers of private property, preventing the
sale of space fur similar purposes. , ..	. ,	,	.	,	,
The latest device of this sort is the l*ie trip could lie made in twelve days
Chilkoot Pane, whose name has bé-
as A
no
With the smooth coverlid drawn to We or of the pity of U. but becauee
BHMUI
aym doubled up beneath him In atti- HI>IH< (1 h 1 m—as a woman despis	the outer door o(%n, seemed to feel the
tude unnatural and strange.	™an who (lu®8	rise to the ’ pnuse before the folding-doors yield-
Serenely the clock ticked away the	** H^e herself has done, ay,	to the midnight intruder’s touch-
moments and the minutes to hours, the higher yet, for however magnifoe gaw jjarr^ rOS8 standing there on the Dresden china shepherds and shep- ¦ womans pluck may be, a ma • threshold, his sunny looks gone, his herdesees on the mantel-piece had long should always be able to soar a	likeness changed from the man of hon-
ago nodded each other good-morrow, j	JÊHÊÊÊÊlÊÊBÊIÊK^B^^ÊtÊÊÊHi
the pictures on the wall exchanged1 One of the policemen kneeled down
glances, fimt erf amaze, then of in- «nd turned that quiet figure at the
quiry. as to who was the new-comer foot of the bed over, revealing a calm
who distributed their privacy, and and handsome face, marred only >y 11
come, alas, in such woeful and uncourt- 8™a1I hole in the forehead, throug
which a bullet had passed, and out of which the life-blood had ebbed quietly
guay.
At the present time it would cost
the
lays occasioned by waiting for boats
or to the renegade against his friend, and the brute in inteniotn, he saw—
0	God 1 what more did he see as he turned away his eyes, shuddering? Presently he oame nearer to the bed, now tossed and disordered, that had been so smooth when Elizabeth awoke that morning. He stooped over it— what business had he with it, and why did bis hand steal to his breast as he arose again, starting violently at sight of the man who at that moment came through the folding-door with swift, silent tread, and eyes that said, "You are mine—you have done murder, and
1	am here to prove it.”
Jack’s calm had broken at last, and with a vengeance. He sat down, or he must have fallen from excessive agitation, and if ever a man wore the livery of guilt, he wore it then.
The quiet, keen-eyed man laid his hand on Jack’s trembling one, hidden in the breast pocket of his coat, and drew it out, with whatt it held.
"It’ was a toy pistol of beautiful make and quality, and looked innocent as a child’s plaything, lying in the detective’s hand.
TO CURE INSOMNIA.
THE NEXT BOAT
ly guise I
The white mouse, looking perchance for his absent little master, popped &wa7 during the night, his pink nose out of the cage that Barry Rose had been a good-looking was never very far from the prin- enough fellow in life, but in death his cess, and, aghast at what he saw, went face took on a sweetness and majes-in again.	ty that brought tears to the eyes of
In the street without, in the house many who looked down on him that within, the cheerful noises of every- day, bitterly resenting the foul injus-day life liegan, and swelled each mo- .ties that had robbed him of his ment louder, so that when a footstep birthright—life. Rose, who stood with In the next room caused a vibration her back to the walls, glanced swiftly of the floor, she opened her eyes, and from mistress to master, and hack lay listening and broad awake. The again. Their faces told nothing ; in fact, couch was so low tha,t what lay at so unnatural to the onlookers seemed its foot did not come witbiu her range their stony acceptance of the situa-of vision, as she fixed her glance on tion, without any of that display of the folding-doors, watching for them amazement and horror which might to open, and her maid with the tea have been naturally expected, that the come in ; and as she looked, one swung conviction gained ground that bot h hack, and through it came Hose, er- were " in the swim,” and knew all ect, pimpante, in her smart cap and about the night’s work, and each oth-apuon, smiling too, as if she had some er’s share in it.
•special cause for satisfaction that To Elizabeth St. George it seemed
Opinion or Hr. Mwartl ISrrkrr, a I *le braled Phyulrlau of IVel»ba<lent f.re-anany.
route hay become the accepted one
Not one of the new narcotic drugs The other is the all-water route to tit. ! advertised ns "absolutely harmless’* Michael, a distance of over 5,000 miles ia 80i aud therefore iu is far wiser to from Toronto, ibis route is only i*rao- overcome insomnia without drugs than
tical from the end of J une, to the mid- Wl^ them, even though it may require die of September, while the other is only closed two months in the year.
The ” Take Pass,” Jack Dalton s Trail,
the Stickine route, and the Chilkoot do with the act of; (going to sleep. We I'ase are now considered unfavorable. feej gieepy at our usual hour for reiir-For the last two years there have been any amount of
from Seattle to St. Michael’s or Ska- the same time, insomnia often cornea guay. Naturally these boats are hand- from irregularity more than anything
somely fitted up—^so handsomely in ej8ej and unce the feart of not sleeping fact that the sudden change to the dog sledge and Chilkoot Pass was fear-
egHdays transportation prevents natural rest.
down the Yukon Hiver was had by The patient must be persuaded as
means of log rafts or dugouts and ' much as possible that he did sleep well many lives were lost in their icy wa-1
-Now it is ver, probable that some	'iil'rïnet ^ uToneof of “becoming darkness,
^fm:Tp%nTT:h:rridlo^t	powder in a glass of water.
something you	don't like,	so I want	^ the White Puts in which	the little	«lve	it to	him, and he is apt to sleep,
you to look out	for me, and	if you can	^jaskan railroad runs.	under the impression that he has had a
satisfy yourself that a present is These river boats are nicely fitted narcotic. It is a fact ihau many who about to be purchased for me induce	They have an electric plant which think they have nut slept a wink bav#
the purchaser to buy something I will	furniahee light; regular steam radi-	actually had quite an amount of sleep,
now select.”	ators which supply the heat ; cushion-	absolute wakefulness being very rare.
Ihe proprietor could see nothing I chairs and inches and carpeted In the case of nervousi patients quiet wrong in granting such a	request,	floors. Indeed, so comfortable are they	and patience will do muchi to give
and the young lady selected a	number	th Qne of(en forgets that he is in	them the required rest. Too protract-
of pieces o( jewelry which suited her , dread cold country, Alaska, which eu labor is oilen the cause of sleepless-taste. They were marked and the as- {[(te^n yean$ ag0| was practically un- oess. and when this is the case a reroom.	sistants notified, t rom all	that can	inh bittid by w hites and	knew noth-	turn	to a	regular hour for retiring
Mr. Skewton, left alone, shook his be learned the	scheme worked well.	.	^ civilization.	will	help	to re-establish the sleep
head. There was a good deal more in	*	The only break in the chain is at habit, especially if the brain has been
this	business	than	met	the	eye.	He	the White Horse Rapids. Here the riv-	rested for some time before retirng.
had naturally	only	an imperfect know-	YE UNREASONABLE MALE	BIPED,	er rushes through a canyon at the	Where it is evident That the sleep-
ledge of the circumstances of the case,	t *	lessness is due to congestion in the
and the account of the enterprising Husband, compelled to write a bur- ' uiv-tv mît av hour	brain the use of cold hip and footbaths
constable who had sent for him, had ried business letter, at home—Where	blA11	a	is wise. If it is found that the proper
pointed to a woman in the case, whose in creation is the ink ?	The canyon is very high. The snow reaction does not follow the cold
absence from the scene puzzled him. Wife—In the front left-hand cornel never melts on the summit. Of course, footbath give the patienta a hot foot-He followed Jack into the other of my w ork-box. That's on the cor- ;8 impossible for a boat to live in bath before the cold one, and then put room, where he stood looking out on ner of the dressing-table in the north hts iapide. In the winter the water a hot-water bottle to thé feet in bed. the balcony with the sweet breath of room up stairs.	freezes within its narrow walls. The The feet must be warm for any one to
stocks and mignonette in his nostrils, Where’s the paper?	rest of the water piles in upon it freez- sleep well.
so that ever after the sight of those I am just out, but I believe the girl ing turn uotil there is a solid mass It is a grave error to try to cornpen»-homely flowers turned him faint and has some. I’ll see.	of ice almost to the top of the canyon. ate for the loss of sleep at night by
sick.	Where are the pens?	In the summer the river rushes	taking a nap in the daytime, for this
"There is	a lady in the case i” said	Somebody stepped on	the pen last	through with great noise. The trav-	only aids in continuing the trouble. If
Mr. Skewton.	week and I forgot to get anotner,	eler to the	Klondike changes boats
“My wife,” said Jack, briefly.	but I’ll send over to Mrs Makeshift’s	faere aud ia	carried bag and baggage,
Mr. Skewton paused, and before	the	and see if she has one. She is always	Qn dt>g M]edge« or in the summer on
pause had grown wearying, Jack	fill-	borrowing mine.	waggons, to	the other end of the caned it up.	Huh ! Any one might	think no one	u £^ve Julies away, where a new boat
"My wife sometimes sleeps down !in this house, ever wrote a letter. .gt ap handsomely fitted up as the stairs,” he said, his face calm and Nonsense 1 There isn’t a more vol- ri,a£ one jfl awaiting him ; and in two resolute, "the weather has been uiminous correspondent anywhere than very hot lately, and she was brought I am. You men can never wait up in the country, and feels the poor minute for anything. I’ll warrant af-accommodation upstairs very much.” ter I’ve half killed myself getting all " Why poor?” said Mr. Skewton, the things together you won't write looking round, "these rooms are a very a dozen lines.

a little more time and trouble
Habit and will power have most to
FOR BRIDES-TO-BE
ing, just as we wake usually at about
boats running
Not long ago a young lady living in a small town was about to be married. About two weeks before the time
the wedding was to take place this young lady visited the various stores The shiver in Jack’s limbs had pass- ! in the place. At each of the jewelry
well has been aroused that* very fear
ful. In those
________________ ______________ ____To Elizabeth St. George it seemed
morning. But as she came forward, afterward that she eat for hours in ed, he looked afraid of nothing as he I shops she called the proprietor aside
between her that alcove, facing the mouthing, said* mjeggijm
kerne thing—something	..	.
mistress and her, arrested Rose’s at- staring multitude; but she could not -*l don’t deny it. I shot the man tention ; the cups on the tray in her remember what any one had said, or with that. Now do your duty.” hand rattled violently with the tre- what answer she had given to the Mr. Skewton’s eyes narrowed, mor that shook her, and shuddering, question put to her, for at her heart’s j He felt that he would have cheergasping she backed away, with star- tribunal was standing the man, once j fully paid a good deal to have entered ing eyes fixed on that—backed till | her lover, now her husband, who thus the room three seconds sooner than he she came to the door, and escaping openly by bis silence and his deser- had (j|one
through it, shrieked—such a shriek as tion, accused her.	"Is this pistol yours ?” he asked
clove through walls and w indow, and All things have an end, and at last * Sec for yourself,”, said Jack, and made the passers-by stand still in the the moment came when Rose was free Mr. Skewton looked, and found a name street, with that heart-quake which to take her mistress away.	and date inscribed on the barrel of
men know when tragedy stalks red- Gathering her robes around her, the pistol, and the name was Jack St. handed through their mist.	Elizabeth rose, and swerving a little to George and the date over a year old.
Meanwhile her mistress, guided by one side lest they should step on the ; "The sooner you take me away the
t AM 9* AA ! J T « aI. a..	1 __	__1	n J
and told him of her approaching mar-
the night before and will sleep well
.And if he still is fearful
mix some
nanaea mrougn tneir mist.	. ,Y *	....ù
Meanwhile her mistress, guided by one side lest they should step on the; the woman’s eyes, had raised herself, body, and the crowd dividing for better,” said Jack curtly, and turned and by some dreadful instinct born of them, the two women passed through j on his heel and went into the outer courage, felt herself drawn toward in- tile rooms, and up the staircase, stead of away from it—so that on hands and knees she crawled toward the still figure, which dumbly spoke its own eloquent message of eternal separation from her and all living things.
out of sight
CHAPTER IL
“Whaur shall I gae, whaur shall 1 run,
Whaur shall I gae to lay met For I hue killed a gallant squire, And his friends they seek to slay me.”
hap d'e-breadth
away from It she paused, looking down at the tossed, silky, fair hair set in a wide halo of blood—blood that had soaked and welled and ebbed for many an hour through the long sommer night into the coverlid at her feet.
One arm was doubled beneath his chest just as he had fallen, the other lay stretched out to its full length and w| pale palm uppermost—a hand that stupefied and alone in the place where would never sew or reap any more, he had stood throughout, returned to never help or hurt any one any more, her mistress, and shut herself in w ith never be filled with those gifts that her.
the prime of a man’s life well-spent Apparently he bad not moved yet, may reasonably be hoped to bring. when Mr. Skewton, who had been tele-
Steim were coming, people were com- graphed for from Scotland Yard, firing, w ith a thundering, rushing sound, rived, and found him there, aged and all hastening madly to that horror lined in the space of one hour to such In the house, that smell of blood in & likeness as his own mother would the air that we call ” murder !” and , have • found it hard to recognize, thalt we stand agape to look on, even Was it only last night that hliza-while our flesh recoils at It.	hath had said to hun, ' It is so dose
The master of the house came first and hot up stairs, Jack, that Rose on that terrified wave of struggling humanity—came in to see the murdered man lying there, and his wife on her knees beside him—across the body their eyes met, and oh 1 what a look was there 1
The glance of horror, wonder, and pity with which she had first gazed glown at the murdered man, had been ¦swiftly followed by one of dawning comprehension, changing into one of passionate loathing and contempt,
Thiq, too, was gone, when her husband came, and their eyes leaped togeth-
A
It was Rose who locked her mistress into her bedroom, who got the house cleared of its uninvited guests, the body of poor Barry laid upon the bed that had not been slept in that night,
then, leaving her master still
IT!
the insomnia is treated promptly, by ascertaining its cause, a little common sense in avoiding a continuance of the exciting agency and a return to the most regular possible life will generally effect n permanent cure of far greater value than that offered by the use of drugs and she will reassert herself, but of course if you continue to do too much work, to smoke, drink or eat to excess, not even drugs can give yo% that calm, peaceful sleep so necessary to the economy of the human system and the building up of waste.
D days he is in Dawson City a 1 Dawson City, too, is a revelation. It is the largest woolen city in world. It has some twenty hotels and boarding houses, two banks, and five play houses. It is lighted by electricity and has a water works which when completed will equal that of the city of Toronto.
The wages there for a common handler of the pick and shovel is a dollar an hour, but it costs from $6 to $9
a day to board at any one of the	Druggist—What did that woman
twenty hotels, and meals range from want who sampled the candy, tasted $2 tp $4, depending upon what you the soda water, and to whom you On an average it costs a man $15 showed all those patent medicines? a day to live.	Clerk—Bought a two-oent stamp, got
yA	Vy|	I There is very little rowdyism going $5 changed, and used the directory
.	IÈ1	I on at Dawson City. A great many peo- and telephone ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
ij	pie think the town like the mining |
l ( fT ww;	W	Mm*'Y	A	towns of Denver or San Francisco, and
" He thought me guilty, and he kill-1	!.&•	V yA	that everybody carries a gun. It is not
ed that hound—end he did well,” she	lyfey sT.	1	v X	y	JNWk'* ' '**	bo. If they catch you with a gun ini The men-of-war of the Romans had
thought, with a wild sense of exul-	'	fey wWKr*	the town they arrest you and give you . crew about 225 men, of which
tation that brought a strange light	A	"	<	~	W xVSSl	six monthe at hard Iahor-	174 were oarsmen, working on three
to her eyes, and a heave to her breast	I	Jib	À\\*S ^	^ t	X'vl	THE KLONDIKE IS CIVILIZED. decks. The speed of these vessels was
LDdthen Otatathh? toe but- °	IdL&S W	Tbet pro,e.”by tb#improvement. | about six miles an hour in fair wea-
Breathleae they gazed, in one light-1	T	put in so rapidly up there
ning moment engraving on each soul	>'	- "X 1	** '?	'."k ^ due tC .t^emount'
the likeness of its fellow's guilt, (hen,	I v~	1^ -HiLii41'. • jft--i r^^	ed police, that the countijt is eopeace-
without a sound, the woman shrank! S .	—V	I	able. I be men are all good men.
down, hiding her face and shudder-1	"*#T\***..	. "W.	.________________._________________________________________|	| There are no foreigners there who will
Ing, away from him. and from life,	u------------ work for almost nothing. The miner
*hendoad8 “ wer6, With heraelf aDd	HOW THE BRITISH OFFICERS GET KILLED IN WAR.	he “demands his ,myWeCoionel° Stee"e
Up they came, those people, eurg- The extraordinary fatality among the leaders of the British soldiers in action at Smith Hill and Elands- 0f the Northwest Mounted police, has I ing up from without, who had set the |aagte js clearly explained in this picture. While the men in the rushes up the kopjes took advantage of every won ^	^mo.r‘cal“ a”f., C,1"
oMhe'law with ' h%lmo\he°da^ty cover, the officers esteemed it their duty to stand erect. In this position they became conspicuous quarry for 1 /“pûtes in m ning town/concerning
fold- Boer marksmen.	| claims and stakes. But Colonel Steele
Give nature a chance
the
AS USUAL
¥$ /
)
Hi
p êM
%
I


¦N

eat
M
x
C




Vr
t
er
ROMAN MEN-OF-WAR

ther
ON THE BRINY DEEP.
There ia one good thing about an ocean voyage, remarked the globe trotter.
What ia that f queried his coma man can get as tight as he pleases every day and everybody will think he is only seasick, a ns wired the traveler.
drawing-room, and through the
i

###PAGE###8###


;r
9
1


/>
King-1
1
OHAWVILLE
Hash is
PHOTO
STUDIO.
INTER
Thero is nothing lil\e taking advantage of opportunities.....
*****
I CAME
( )OOOOOUOOOO( >OOOOlHXKHH)( )
O
MY TERMS
o
To Slmwvllïc to visit a friend n couple of weeks ago.
O
U
Y RK
o
We lire giving n SPECIAL OFl'KH. for a short time only, and would like von to give un it call.
o
o
ST EUT 1A CASH
NECESSITIES
o
I SAW
o
o
HXK >OOO0OOOOOOO0OO(. )
Ex iivlhering closely to this rule it enables me to do xvateh and elovk repairing,
11 evevvthing in my line at
o
ta CABINETS. Glnae FinKh, #i.\00 pel
$1.00 per half doz.
I,..,
X. H. McGuire's immense stock of choice Fall Suitings and was induced to try a suit.

tr CABINETS, Dull Finish. |2..*k) per <i ' 1.'-' i»er half do/.
recording to style of cat
K
nu!
»
(Higher pi Sr SI 'N HE \MS. 75 cents per dox
HOCK BOTTOM PRICES.
I CONQUERED

itT CHA YON PORTRAIT for
KN1 « A1 Mi EM E N TS in ( raven or Pastel
It tits so well, looks so neat U extra-well finished. It pays to get the last and his prices are so low.
Y11 mv f« inner trouhh
My work is guaranteed for a Year.
This week we enumerate a few seasonable articles................
Wo photograph Houses, School Groups, 6cc, and guarantee all work. Call and see samples.
Our goods nv© guaranteed a $’s worth tor a $ ©very time • • . • •
11 IMISON, - PHOTOGRAPHER

GOODWYN
Wood wanted in vxcl
P. S Photo
t
Furs, Caps, Muffs, Coats, &c. Coat Robes, black and grey. Ladies’ Cloth Coats.
White and Grey Blankets. Ladies’ and Cents’ Underwear. Moccasins.
1.
-The Watchmaker-ARNPRIOR, .. .. ONT.
Whatever strategy thvie might lie, weave ! well aware tnat the beginning of cur con llict with ths Boers must bo nmked by a ' retirement of our troops fiom positions I they are not strung enough to occupy.
It is necessary that they should wait for Butiicient t «deforcements. 1 do not ai-
2.
WAR MEWS.
of the place and thatAliwai North is de
sertvd and defenceless.	f
The railroad has bven cut at Vrybure, I uniP‘ to fonçait the future. I only say
1 that my faith in the British soldier is um
OTTAWA MATINE AD RÏ
3.
LO-TE!» H\ UOER8
two atatioua soulh ol Aliwai North......
other I Vier force ia rep -rted to have bounded, and I mit deeply grafted to
towards that ho ia in the vigorous and saga-I cions hands of («en. Huiler.
An
CHANGE OF TIME
L -n, Nov.	SoHlaoat	R ,
Summer time card as below will take rived in the city yesterday on the steamer Iv' ^ ‘ tr, * 39 urD ivist i« p
........y,	.««h
NO. ! Train l^Ave® o ti »wt.".'.'.'.. s.w !i!!i". stopping8 Mr. Schkcht was the publish- ”P?ot*'1 f'* ioin l*>o Freo Slnters betwivi, ; - Regarding the fu'ure, 1 will only do
I:i
No. : Tram L-ave Ottawa......9.80 a. m. the situation prior to his departure, Mr.	^	Only the other day I saw it asserted, not
*NLlTirRnU^rAan?UcHx“pt Sun-iav3Sp m Schlacht .aid :	"1 never saw such a The following is a copy of the despatch I by a chance writer, but by a man who
Nos. 3 and 4 daily except Saturday and mixed up ard lawless place as was Jo- SL'llt *>)'	Joseph Ummberlam to j has been a member of the h reach gov
SNnla/;n,i fi qmnrdAv nniv	hannvsburg wîieu 1 left there Before I-ord Minto declining the offer of a second eminent, that this war hsd for ita obj ect
Nos. 7and 8 Sunday only. '	this war tin* city had :m uu'luidvr pop'l contingent to the I rans\a.-il
toFër N^Tr^dd.frrT,hcekrelDtremnîU09? SpTrA Ut""> "f «bout 60,000, ofwhxhthe
6t., or 31 Central Chambers. Ottawa.	greater part was English, with the Uer ......	.	..	. XT T .	.1 •
F. \V. HESSEM \N. mans next, while 1 doubt if there were semi without delay n second contingent the Transvaal. Now I beg to assuie this
Gen’l Sup’t. I over 1(H) Boers in the place. Of course, for service in South Africa has received gentleman tlmt Her Majesty's cabinet
the city government and police were iti the attentive consideration of Secretary has not had a farthing from the Tnms-
the hands of the B-era, but few Boers of State for War and his Military Advi- vaal or any other gold fields. There is
(cared to live there because the city con »em, hut they regret that under existing the Yukon, about which there id no cm -
1 tained so many outlandere, whom they circumstances they are unable to accept test. If there had been any chance of
hate. The week before 1 left Johannes- if- The offer will, however, certainly be our gaining advantages, these Yukon gold
burg thidy thousand foreigners left the borne in mind and Her Majesty's Gov-1 fields should have yielded something; but
place, and I understand that the other ernment will have no hesitation in avail- I appeal to my friend. Lord Hamilton, to
xrrive	}» 45	thirty thousand made their txodusduring	ing themselves of it	should future events	km.w if the cabinet ever hid a farthing
",	the wuck immediately fallowing my do-	make it-desirable to	do ho.	from them (L vughter ) 1 go farther, Eng-,
parture. They made straight for Cape Her Majesty's Government attach land, as a whole, would have had no ad-
“	8"50	Colony, and the trains were jammed to	great importance to	this fresh proof of	vantage from the possession of gold n ines,
;;	8.4i>	suffocation. In one small car I saw fifty	Canadian sympathy	nud good will and de-'	except as hor government Conferred the
»	men aud women--both were forced to	sire to express their	grateful appreciation j	blessir gi of good administrations upon
" s'os travei jn cattle cars. Meanwhile a veri- 1,f >t.	those engaged m the industry. Ail t-uc- j
%	table reign of terror prevailed in Johan I	(Sgd )	“ Chamberlain. jcessful mdumy breeds commerce, and all
E	L„asauro«„„
oats, p.itati.v, and all *orts nf prov.sto,,. j lowi d-Iivenmeu wient the Tran» were seiz'd by them, and horses they i vaH{ made especial pivy < f for use in the army.
One foreigner was he'd up while driving in the street. 1 lis horse was taken out
4.
NOT \ WAR ( V OAIN-
NO
5.
6.
the gratification of the lusts of greedy lords, who desired n partition among to themselves of the gol 1 and diamonds of
London, Nov. 7, 18!*9
44 Your ministers’ generous offer
Pontiac Pacific Jnnciion Ry
We invite your inspection.
i
0
l
Official Time Table :
e. Hudgins & son.
P.M
A.M

5.45 Leave
Aylmer til reckon ridge t E ard ley Parker’s Crossing t * Mohrs Quyon Wyman’s tTan a Bristol McKeVs Shaw ville Clark’s
Campbell’s Hay ?Tank Î Vinton Cou longe * Mellon's Walt ham
1
H (M
6.12
cl
8.18
4 •
M
8 28
• I
8
«. 47
1
S. 56
I •
h
#.58
4 4
7.01
C
7.26
7.4
C
#.00
8 03
1C
8.12
• 4
1.80
H
1.47
# .55 Arrive
Leave 6.30 •Flag Station. tTank. t Flag Stitlon.
bi
our interest
0OME
AND SEE US
Pontiac’s Greatest “ c Furniture Store î
ot
WONT 8TAND IX1 CHIER KXUE
tu
war now going un :—	1
‘•The great subject that interests us “ What we desire is equal rights for all all, undoubtedly, is this war, adorned men, of all races, and svcurby for our ft? ....	. . .	. ,	with Romany splendid features of her low subjects and our empire. rJ ho hour
i tilt shafts and .ed away, and he was nism ar.d skill, but saddened by so many for asking by what means these results
. Ijeermgly i,.formal that .he wa king whs logeeB, I have great difficulty in de.limj can be obtained is not yet come; hut gond. I ho Imers looted e\or) thing with- with the war, and, if I attempt to deal these are the objects and the on’y objects out mercy, and it wtll b‘? a pretfy state of with the future, I should be undertaking wo seek. We do not allow any other alUirs that we foreigners will tmd it we [ a task in proohucy from which the nard consideration to cross our path ever ga bac.; there. I left nay partner in eet would shrink. If I speak at all it may seen it suggested—and it seems to mo a mfien « a Tin	charge o. my printing i !.:ce, hut I never i ratlier be to deprecate criticisms and	wild suggestion—that the other	powers
1 Airis# VÜiiéjJj	expect to see it again. statements which 1 think unfounded,	will interfere with this country	and in
•IT rnnnnrrt rmrpnDPD n 10nn	I do ind tlunk that the Lc.ers can ac than to attempt to pass judgment on some form or other dictate to those who
III	LI 1 Du 1 ubiuDhil 9. loyy.	!cur?(.ey u‘ cuilt?<ia ci\MXdd nation, ^hey wjlat «till depends upon tho latino f0r ita	are concerned in it as to what its	upshot
r 4 oTrnxr tmtttotaxt	în î13'0	tra,.t® a,ul they are uni full determination.	should be. Don’t let any nun think it is
EASTERN DIVISION.	; f >rmly testy and quick-tempered.	“Respecting the feeling expressed in that fashion the conflict will be conFRONT.	twice or thrice that the want of troops eluded. We	to carry it
Durban, Natal, Wednesday, Nov. 8.— | due to a want of action on the part of the through ourselves, and the interference A large force of men and guns from the home government, 1 would point out that °f anybody else will have no t iiVct upon British first class cruiser Terrible has! there have been two or three voices. (Cheers ) In the first place, because
Two or three months ago we were told by we would not accept that interference, the m031 authoritative voice outside the *nd in the second place, we are convinced
that there is no ench idea in the minds of any government in the world.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway Aylmer.
A
i
ui
P. W. UESSEMAN,
G E X EltAL SU PERI X TEND EX 1

V
A
m
CANADA ATLANTIC

HI
fo
have
O
B
A
Car-load of Goods just added to our . . . Extensive Stock. . . .
is
M
to
mi
eff
Trains daily between iSS
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 21-2 HOURS.
fel
Come where you have the advantage of selecting from a big, wide ranging
and well-assorted display.
bei
started for the front

KO MBARl» M EXT ST A RTF. I *.
Pretoria, Tuesday, Nov. 7. The bom bardaient aud attack on Kimberley start ed this morning.
to
government that there was no occasion tor military preparations. Since then we were blamed because there were no military preparations. But neither of these criticisms is at all relevant to the London, Nov. 11.—It is officially an-! events which have been taking place. It n ou need that the troopship Yorkshire, j has been often said, especially abroad,
Lism ore Castle and A mania have arrived j that we are a strong nation, attacking a at Cape Town with 3,<i7<> troops. The weak one; but, so long as the principal first two steamers immediately proceeded part of uur forces is separated by an into Durban. It is supposed the Aurauia’s terval of five or six weeks from the field troops will be landed at Cape Town.	of action, it would rather be true to say
that we are a weak nation fighting a | tho issue of the curt :st or its terms strong nation. Elements of distance are j should be. They have not claimed that vital and essential in this matter. “ It 1 right, because they cannot. It is not in would have been nothing to the purpose accordance with international law that to issue proclamations for reserves some j they should possess it. Therefore, such weeks earlier. For, what was the cause dreams should be set aside, of the war, and what was the cause of “ Whenever we are victorious, we shall the ultimatum Î It was not because of | consult tho vast interests committed to any demand we had made. It so hap
pened that at the moment the ultimatum I form and taking counsel of the uniform was issued, we had withdrawn our de j interests of our colonial government and mande, and there were no demands before moderation and equal justice to all the Transvaal government. It was be-1 races of men, which it has been our uni cause we had taken measures to increase form practice to observe, I do not doubt the amount of our forces in South Africa. we "hall so arrange that the issue of this But if that had been done a few months ! conflict will confer good government upon
sooner, exactly the same result would | the territories where it rages and give. /NTTm _________ _	_ _ _
have taken place. The moment you had security sorely needed against the recur-	I J U I H K H! R. lSCiTm AT It K. A TT A Tvl
shown sign, of rsising your force to at. ! rence of any such dangers and the neces j ^ ^ X equality with the force opposing it, that ! e*ty °f any such future exertion, and for moment the ultimatum would have been | the restoration of peace and civilization to issued and war (cheers )
T ,	to .	...	. , .	“ It i* not, therefore, right to aay that I » tremendous ovation
London, Nov. 13. A special despatch there was no adequate military prépara-
È^mwÊÊm
which the B->er losses were heavy. No Wftl against us. Year after year accumu-detailshave been received.	lation of munitions was made which
could only be that we should avoid the Cape Town, Tuesday, Nov.7.—It is re I interval of trial and danger necessarily to ported that a Boer force from Smithfield intervene between the moment when has crossed the frontier at Bethulie. It war was declared and the moment whin is estimated to be 4,000 strong with field our forces could accept contest and appear
upon the field.
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
Da
Local -st'tps at all in termedlate stations. Ar lives Montreal 9.60 a. in. ValleylieM, connects Co lean Jet. for Cornwall and points west.
a (>.10 A.M,
wh
A HINT AT ABSORPTION.	--------------------------
Xriïlî'ZTElegant Parlor, Wing and Bedroom Suites,
their close great territorial modifications, Spring Mattresses—all the different makes.
but, except as provided for by treaties,	e
in none of those wars has a third party Flbr6 Mfl/ttr6SS6S, ventured to interfere between the coni-	e
batants. in none of these wars has any	Chairs—an endless variety, ranging in style from the
dd~d. rigb, I. d.........	most beautiful,, fluisbed to the plainest kitchen article.
mu
MORE TROOPS
Limited stops Alexnn-
•	andris only Montreal 11 15 a.m. Pullman parlor car attached.
Sundays only- stone at
•	intermediate stations. Arrives Montreal 11.55 a. m. Pullman parlor car attached.
a 8.45 A.M
i
Arrives
0
Td 8.45 A.M
mg
bee
/
rec
Ix)« al — f#»r Rock’and . and intermediate ids.
Limited--Stops Alvxan-. dria and Coteau Jet. only. Arrives Montreal 6.50 p. nr. Pullman parlor i ar attached. Connects with trains for Quebec, Portland, Halifax and all points cast of Montreal. For Va l ley held and all points south of the 8t. Lawrence River. St. Albans, Burlington, etc. Arriving Boston 7 a. m„ New York 7.20 a. m. Has through Wagner sleeping car. Ottawa to New York.
Local—stops at interne,li # ate stations. Arrive Montreal 9. 45 p. m. Connects at Coteau Jet. for Cornwall, Kingston. Toronto, Chicago, etc. Has Pullman car to Montreal.
a fi.40 A.M a 4.20 P.M
fiiti

are
T
RUMORED CAPTURE OF CECIL RHODES.
Paris, Nov. 10.—The Figaro asserts that Cecil Rhodes has been captured in one of the sorties from Kimberley.
London, Nov. 10.—The report in the Paris Figaro, that Cecil Rhodes has been captured by the Boers at Kimoerly continued here, nor is it believed, latest advices here were that all was well at Kimberley
Tue of li ialii
TO INTENDING BUYERS
We offer a word of advice. Exerything entering into the manufacture of Furniture is advancing in cost, and consequently the price of the finished article must go up. The advantage of buying at once is therefore obvious. Our prices have been graded to suit the conditions of trade and at the same time shaved down to the lowest reasonable figure, as an inspection of our mammoth stock will vincc.
at 1
<>.35 P.M
whe
hea
is not The
ed
Vast duties lie upon us to per
our care
coti
how
wen
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot
Loral—from
a 7.25 A.M a 11.20 A.M.
Rockland
# and intermediate points. Local—from Boston. New York,^HH England and New York ;xdnts, Montreal, leaving at 7.30 a. m. Stop at local stations. Has Wagner buffet car New York to Ottawa.
KEEPING A LOOKOUT FOR PRIVATEERS.
Gibraltar, Nov. 11.—The British torpedo boat flotilla continues narrowly to patrol the straits. It is understood that this action is taken in view of the rumors that the Transvaal government has granted letters of marque and reprisal to would be privateers of France and other nations, and not by reason of any fear of hostile action on the part of any other great newer
T1
UNDERTAKING.
New
Mes oper limit thirt i.ig f
This Branch of our business Is fully equipped In every particular, and all calls receive our most careful and prompt attention.

Limited — from Montreal and pts. Alexandria
Limited—from Montreal • leaving 4.05 p. m. Stops at Alexandria only. Has Pullman parlor car.
Daily— Local— front inter mediate point*. Cornwall Kingston. Toronto and points west. Has Pullman parle real.
a 12.10 NOON
east, leaving there at 9.40 a.m; Stops at only. Has Pullman parlor car.
usy
a 6.35 P.M
j peart ! othe:
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
SHAWVILLE, QUE,
if. 15 P.M.
illi
H uimit
would have begun. thftt portion of the world.”
Lord Salisbury resumed his seat amid
MAIN STREET,
*
m
REPORTED ROER DEFEAT
^ Tt don, the 1 ber c had t lattei to ini their » ladiei again only i
Middle & Western Divisions.
SAVAGE Repeating Rifle.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
f I 1	-4 Y-f For Arnprior. Renfrew,
• .1 9j J\,• IyZ • Lganville Pembroke, Barry’s Bay. Whitney. Canoe Lake, Parry Sound and intermediate points.

For Arnprior Renfrew, Egan ville, Pembroke, and in.-
5.05 P.M.

7
Cattle De-horqing.
termediate points.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central depot

B jEB INVASION OF CAPE COLONY

L
From Pembroke. Fgau-% ville, Renfiew, Arnprior
11.00 A.M
it i
Calibre .303.

1899 Model.
and intermediate points
4? Oil Yf From Parry Sound, Pern-
Z a rZ * broke, Egan ville, Renfrew Arnprior and intermediate point#.
I wish to inform the farmers of Pontiac that I shall be at their service from this date forward for the purpose of dehorning Cattft, with either clippers or saw as desired.
Parties having such work to do are requested to notify me by post card.
menb the 1 nlacir lastin road 1 work none comp] for tri been i of get

SMOKELESS, HAMMERLESS, SIX SHOOTER,
ORIGINAL IN EVERY FEATURE,
POINT BLANK RANGE FOR HUNTING,
ONE RIFLE FOR LARGE AND SMALL GAME. SIX DIFFERENT CARTRIGES,

guns.
The latest advices are that the Boers had not entered Aliwai North yesterday evening, but the Besaterkaal force of Boers was momentarily expected.
It is said the Boers have already captur ed some police and others on the outskirts
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
» FAITH IN THE BRITISH SOLDIER,
“That interval has already passed. Our troope are beginning to arrive. For eign nations have complimented us upon the calmness with which we have received the intelligence of occasions! checks.
Central Depot Russell House Block.
Ticket# to Europe and all parte of the world by all American and Canadian a team* hip lines, also Cook's Sou*.
Writs for Catalogue and Circulars, free.
L. D. DAVIS.
SAVAGE ARSIS COMPANY,
UTICA, M
a Trains ran daily except Sunday b Sunday only.
Shawville, October 25, 1888. *
'



j

(
V
1
