###PAGE###1###
No. 24. —19ut Year.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, DEC. 5
1901
81.00 a Year in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
BANK OF OTTAWA
LOCALS THAT PAY
)
1A Cabinets at regular dozen rate now IJ RVT|Î0,M(Î •'«ingnt Campbell's Bay till Xmas. H. Imison, Photographer. the loth Inst.
Just one cook and one box stove left at v	HI'1 »n, J Iiotognipher.
Smart and Smith's. A bargain in cither * 0,1 WftRt a new cutter Î See the dashy for anyone who wants a stove.	new ones at Smart and Smith’s,
Coupon and Local Tickets to all parts r (,a|Iery will he open Thankgiving Day. of the world. All Information cheerfully | Leave your orders early. II. Imison.
ffsutiv;r.o;r,ew"dT,,k i o™,,™-»,,», «-....
_	...	.	coats, will be sold under cost to dean out
Barrels Apples-Russcts, Greening»,	At Thk Palace Grocery.
Davis, Baldwins, Talman Sweets,
Canada Rede, Scarlet Pippins, Spies.	Those elegant grizzly bearskin robes at
At W. T. Earl’». Smart and Smith's catch the eye of the
w ,» o/vi î c	4 i man with the stylish rig, and he buys, of
Wanted.-300 cedar fence posts de course, and completes the outfit.' See
livcred at Maido Ridge before Feby. them before they are all picked up.
1st nest. Eight feet long and not] CosrK(TI„m_m	of choice
confectionery, comprising all the varieties
Farmer, note, bought end collected.	I Fqr	pMSENm _0ver 100 Tarl. |	"on v™'
Money transferred to all paru of the world. etles of Fancy Cups and Sauceis—Also Rûtlon &(‘-» «e„ at lowest prices at
Photo Frames, Albums, In fact all kinds I	^,,K Palace Grocery
of Fancy Goods, including Picture Books, at	W. T. Earl's.
on
Head Offl.-s: .. ,,
(îafilUl suWrltNyl Capital paid up ?!
OTTAWA, CANADA
.........$1,094,MO
.........1 .MS ,940
.........1,600,450,
Heady-to-Wear Clothing.
OF CANADA.
Heat
Board of Director*
Charles Magee, Esq., President George Hay, emq.,Vice-President
How. Geo. Hrtbow, Jr.	Joint Math*», Emq./
Albx. Krakau, Khq ,	David MacLarbw, Esq.,
derma Mvarur, B*<4.
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
- $6,000,000.
*
100
Head Office, • Montreal.
Ben
GEORGEBURN 1). M. ÏTNNIB
General Manager
—O
We have had gratifying success with Ladies’ Jackets this season. Our stock is still quite well assorted, having lately ceived a third consignment. Every garment we offer is the best of its kind, made of first-class material, in latest style and finished by skilled workmen. We keep none of the foreign slop work, and you don’t have to make over our Coats. They are all ready-to wear.
Branche* î
IN ONTARIO
Keewatln.
KemptvUIe,
MatLawa,
Ottawa,
our
SEAWVILLE BRANCH,
Lanark,
Parry Hound, Pembroke, Hat Portage, Winchester, do BankSt. Renfrew do Rideau Ht. Toronto, Vankleek Hill, Smith s Palls
IN MANITOBA ;
Alexandria, Arnprior, Aronmore, Hear abridge,
Carle ton
Money loaned on approved leeurlty at reasonable rates.
less than tive inches at top end
re-
P. Dumas
do
Place,
Hawkeibury,
SAVINGS BANK
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
Portage La Prairie
IN QUEBEC:
Hall,
Bhawinigan Falls
Agents la Canada, New York and Chloage— Bank of Montreal.
Agents In St. Psnl-Mercksats Net Bank:
Agents In London, log.—Parr’s Bank I*t*d.
Accoun/s opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
OFFICE Hours Saturdays .
PERSONAL.
Dr. S. R. Martin, |snrgeon dentist, will be at Uuyon Dec. 13th and 14th ; Shaw ville 16th ; Portage du Fort, 17th ; Bryson, Campbells Bay, 10th ; Fort Coulonge,
The Rev. W. J. and Mrs. Conoly are visiting relatives in this section at present.
Aid. C. B. Taggart, of Ottawa, was in
Lachata
Montreal,
well, of Shawville; L. Simpson, of Ottawa.
Mr. Tarte had to leave at 10 o’clock to catch the train at Haley’s and so did not hear some of the speeches, which we hear were specially intended for fcis ear.
Before leaving it is said the Hon. gentleman promised the P. D. Fort people a new steel bridge to replace the I town huit week
wooden structure et the mill, which ie in | Mre 8. A Mack.y, ol Montreal, vi.it-
ed friends in Shawville last week
10 A.M.TOS P M
10 A M. TO 1 P M
18th;
F. A. PARKER,
Manager,
20th.
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
A jlmer Council ha* proclaimed com- Chamois Vest, the beat protection igalnit , pretty ahaky condition jmleory vaccination.	the coid wind.. Ail .^for^l^and	-
Onr Whooping Congh Cnreaeldom (all* Enlargement» at reduced price*.	Teachers ^Convention.	| Colgan
^Tn u	H. Imison, Pontiac Houee.	Th, Pontlâc Teacher,' Aaaociation Iof	on Saturday
iSiMSS
regular quarterly session at Bryson on Mrs. Samuel Armstrong and daughter ence of an unusually Urge number of Shaw on Thursday afternoon.
Wednesday next, the 11th inst.	Mine Mabel, are both ill with pneumonia parents and friends interested in the u w	.
sps assess
LVd a^L^Tto, th7.ÏÏÜÔn18 ’ mey °f th”,0UDg mlD C°nnore by W0lTee- The paper of Prin. Armitage on the &We property on Main St., which ie to
Santa Claus’ Xmas ship is billed to ar by the P. P. J. train on rive at the School House, Bryson, on ing, the delivering of
Friday evening, the 20th inst., laden eial stations along the line, caused a de I much interesting discussion with all manner of presents for the young lsy of 2$ hours in its arrival here that Miss MacGregor's paper on Co oper-1 daughter people. See posters for further par- evening.	ation between Parents and Teachers ex- I
iSMÉHmpE™! FSSsSS
Thorn by post office,	_ _	A	Inspector Gilman, that this work ha* al- died on Thursday, Nov. 21st, of heart
The Rev. Manly Benson, D.D., preach L To B. REPEATED.-The Concert given ready begun m this Province, and that it faüur#. She was 57 years of age.
w TcônW^B A be repeated on Tuesday evening, 10th Lector Gilman, the latter taken up the wu Dreeent and a-ii,tod in the morning I Dec Admiwion 10 cents.	work on Test She, to, and illustrating by Mr„ Rohm on, of Radford, daughter of
SsrtSSas £&£	% S-	%
ed in this village.	|	It was decided to co-operate with In- many of them old acquaintance, of the
Messrs. Norman Brownlee ( late of spector Gilman and hold the next meet- 1 ePar’™' »7he aÏ? 8erv1^ C0D Radford ) and T. A. Wainman, the well- ing of the Association at Shawville Acs- ducted by \ en. Archdeacon ay or, as
known agent for the Singer Sewing demy on the second Saturday in January sistet. by Kev. A. Ireland.
Machine Co. have opened out a display next, when a convention of teachers The death occurred ou Nov. 25th, at sMerlw neighbor in August 1900 I °* mueica* instruments and sewing roach- will be held. All teachers attending will Clarendon, Stark’s Corners neighborhood IU...L FvonlrWiU riL Indian inea in the premises lately occup ed by be entertained to tea by the worthy of Mr. John Beamish, one of the oldest
frwkimîiff a trader named Thwmaa Me &*** Merchants Bank. The display of in- Inspector. It is to be hoped that every settlers of that section, being a resident P R8 . tr- i_ fixfd f0T this •trumento comprise piançw and organs teicher who can will attend this eonven- there for more than 40 years. The de-VâDfe	manufactured by the Dominion Piano and tion, and that every friend of education ceased was 81 years of age. A wife and
****"	Organ Co. and the Willis and Williams will show his interest in the work by his family of live sous and one daughter ser
Th* First of The Season.—An Xmas Companies, and combine to make a very presence on Jan. 11th.	vive him. H s remains were interred at
tree entei^inme^ wiU^ given by the attractive exhibit. Messrs. Brownlee and	-?- P. D. Fort cemetery on Wednesday the
K'Lït ttkSJL »? I 0torend“1 **¦><» Comm-ione™. «‘h, «*
Xmas songs, recitations and dialogues. I have placed a number of instruments, and	Shawville 2nd Dec 1901
«É1-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
= '“ — -“ ESSSStSsS ~Sf «g «*£ pa1îffiâÇ* °S=~
the Ottawa river about 33 miles from honor of th* minister and Mr. Mack ie	\COT^B Gf atone to be delivered at Rai ford	appropriate reply, re which he thanked	Hall Caines latest work, 14 The Eter
Montreal, and owned by Mr. T. B. Macsu- WM held in the town hall in the evening.	during the coming winter, viz:	4 cords of	^ people for their kindness and for	nal City."
ley, secretary and actoarv of the Sun Life About Vôpersona were present, to enjoy h 8tone f()r underground, and 4 the interest token in his behalf. A BOOKS FOR YOUNG PEOPLE-
s;dr.ï-iSrk irrrï “ra», tja	sattawaiwfflast
tress, which number is to be increased to du Fort presided. After the good things	80k(H,| grounds Tenders to	be in the	Psre® t"e Udies. After tea some	Crusoe, Arabian Nights, Ballantyne's
6,000. The Equity is glad to learn that had been well and satisfactorily discussed,	handK of the Sec -Treas on	or before	r‘me waa 8Pent In g?cia^ conversation,	Books for Bovs, EIhip’s Books, Pansy
Jimmie is so comfortably located.	a lenghty list of toasts was proposed, to Tuesday the 10th day of December 1901. then a11 went on thcir waX 1,ome rojoic- Books, Henty s Books (the d lat, t »
Mr Tn,ii.	nNimoter of the whlch responses were made bv Hon. Mr. ^Orned	7	inK- The address was as follows :	BIBLES & HYMN BOOKS
E±	%^K&üdiZrp JSSXÎ321. r* Dra" Æ5; .ïÆ 1	5lSSSSS«5t=C:
while on hi. wav to Portage du Fort last » number of others. The Georgian Bay	H. Mathmon,	appreciation of you- ««vices aa paator
iïïsCHIKS*-". »-*—-• mîï:r.5SSK
r-irrr	“• No™mb" ^ ttvorte' tsr^:
SSssHSSS ESÏ	ySTiT 3tÜ£ ï?£ MÇSM % C “
tackimr tenet it through In addition IP1*”**1 m th« eatmiatee next area,on for I attendance 173, Cl*,. V.-Clara Mc- I life's loumey, and when life « work i. to the uronoeed railway it may be «Ut-1the hrst section of the work.	Rally. Claw IV. Harry McNally, ended that xou, a, paetor. and we, a.
à^K£ê =5Sa5S
We had a call from Mr. Charles Mc, the veteran boot and shoe man
FOR MEN :
Our Overcoats and Pur Jackets are worthy your inspection, all good, honest goods, sold at very close prices. They make you look smart and prosperous.
tfht left Aylmer Nurture of Moral Impulses on children Thursday even-1 was evidently written for the benefit of
both parents and teachers and provoked I Born.—To Mr. and Mrs A. R. Me "	**	k	I Guire on Sunday morning, Dec. let, a
i nursaay which at th
OIL TAN MOCCASINS :
Married.—At St. Michael’s R. C
The largest stock in town—all No. 1, guaranteed. We ask you to look them over before buying.
last
J
SHAW.
P. S. Blankets, Rugs, Robes.
In the Court of King's Bench at Hull last week the Grand Jury brought in true bills against Stanislaus Lacrox, of Montebello, for the murder of his wife and an
The Drug Store
is more fully stocked than ever for
The Holiday Trade of 1901.
LADYSMITH
ALBUMS-
PERFUMES-
We have the very best French and American makers’, both bulk and bottled, including some handsome packages for Xmas Presents. Nothing is | PHOTO FRAMES— more appropriate than a nice bottle of
New Covers—small prices. have a large stock of the newest designs from 25 cents up.
was more or
Something you can't afford to miss at the prices we are selling them—10c. to $2.00.
To furnish amusement for young and old, — Nations, Authors, Checkers, Dominos. Parches! and Crokinole— the popular game—at our popular price $1.
EBONY GOODS-
You have to see them to appreciate the value. Mounted with sterling silver snd guaranteed, In Hand Mirrors, Hat Brushes, Hair Brushes. Toilet
XMAS CALENDARS-
Our Calendars are works of art. Our descriptive powers fall to do them justice. We nave a very large assortment and at prices to suit everyone. Come early and make your selection, as they are going fast at this early date.
CASE PIPES—
We offer some special values in Cas* Pipes and Smokers’ Sets. „
FANCY GOODS-
The Drug Store,
cal
Shawville, Que.
Thorn by mission. Thornbf, Nov. 2S, 1901
# #

###PAGE###2###
HOUSEHOLD HUMOUS
HINTS FOB MODERN BIBI*
?FOR*™ homeIIÜ^
------------f l,PU ton ogg*. 1* pis I'":k. »ml » lil-
0 tlo salt. Sweeten and flavor to nuit
K’SKCLZS,""" t

is frequently the rose, no return whatever comes in from the food consumed. Boarding animals for nothing is a very poor business. The careful, thoughtful man will not do it. He will try and so feed his animals that they will continuously improve during every day that they are on his farm and have to be provided for by him. It is curious how years ago this fact was not more recognized. Since, for instance, young cattle wore kept until eighteen months old, and wore not much hea-\ 1er at that ago than they are now at loss than half the age, they were kept over winter and had to bo fed as a rule during that period without making much gain. This was a mis-
mistake of keeping steers to the age of three or four years that ought to have been marketed at two years. The constant aim of the stock keeper should be to avoid to the greatest possible extent the boarding of animals for nothing.
*
' FOR FARMERS
HOW LADIES OP LejK. AQ0 KEPT THEIR BEAUTY. >
“•	s7.,
of Past Ages.
Light is essential to health—also to the owners of gas stock
To rejuvenate ancient butter—turn Wake in it over to tho soap grease man .
If you would never have tainted lish, order nothing but salt pork.
i
Seasonable and Profitable Hints for the Busy Tillers of the Soli.
Recipes for the Kitchen
4
*
• custard
MISBEllVINa FERTILITY.
If shutters aro removed during the Tho fashionable beauty uf t i
rr™7®B5 IBS!
Sf™ ™ ËeSSSS s—iüipi : eé* rr
itud while increased fertility and pro- An oidmaiv inilway engine will stand again until light, then bake soldered to tret her	wero tIlird pusson round; dur Ar.no Rolcyn was less extra vug «at
ductivenvss increase his capital stock lrax vl 11 bout 1.000,000 miles bel ore httif an hour.	Wits on*y two—us two "	in her bathing nnd was content a ilk
loss of fertility and lessened produc- 11 Wv;us oul*	Husks No. 2—Three tablespoons	—-4-—	'	* know that, but he spoke to you water, which she found "preserved
tivoncss decrease his capital stock. There is said to be only one sud- sugar, 2 eggs, 1 tablespoon butter, WH/T Iq Tmr qHAMROCK f in thc first l)0V80n- didn't ho?**	her beauty better than tho ran**
So many do not seem to consider den death among women to eight 1 pt sweet milk, nnd 2 or 2 table-	^	i 1 was tho first pusson myself, wines" ; in fact, sown of her foolish
farming as their business in the sense *mong men.	spoons yeast. Set at night and _ .	. + Triee 1A evnuf Thnt t,»	courtiers vowed that no nine
that they do storekeeping or other	The value of the mining	machinery ]mould in thc morning. Let it rise.	, m	Jr	t.	<niMrll	.	' ou dont understand
mercantile efforts, when in reality it	j tho Transvaal is not	far from then mould it into roll si put into u	lhUGS	^moiein is	viover.	ho was talking to you did	he	say
manufacturing enterprise in MO.OOO.OOO.	baking pan nnd bake. " -	During recent years literature 1ms will pay you $50.M
which the operator should produce a T!l0 record price of £1 200 has Waties N°.	1—Two eggs, J cup been abundant in tho attempt to No, sah; he didn't say nothin' ANUH3XT UltECfAN LADIES
m«::: seczzêsg## EW#J3
ways open to practice. One is the "f°dod fo|* tho boUlcd \ccl il,u aei" 1 iron Should always bo greased well ment has been thnt the clover was judge and do jury—In fac' you was * V? J, .	d (\TUdn beauties
keeping of stock in sufficient quanti- *tld IVV1,01 s consumed annually m nnd purnt oft two or three times be- un introduction from tho continent do host in town to cover up roskvl-	heir locks with a decoction
tics to consume all that is raised on	,cat UrlUl,u*	fore using. Also, be sure and grease	of Europe,	and could not have been ity."	oi	nine	ana	ocer.
the farm, or at least all the rough-	There arc about 700.000	houses in both sides of your iron well before	Ireland	at that time.	For a brief, breathless moment the	i	u »!	T?,	1,1 1 ventury Englnfc
ago and a part of the grain and as London, which on cold days consume baking, and have them pretty hot A correspondent of the London trial was suspended.	.uu< s mane ummsv.te.s beaut ful, ui
much additional feed as profitable, 10,000 tons of coal, emitting 480 before dropping in tho batter.	Gardeners' Chronicle, W.G.S., goes	.*|‘ thought, by covering their faces
wad carefully returning all thc man- tous of sulphur.	Wallies No. 2—One pint sour milk ovcr the literature of the subject.	--4--- Wlth mack patches of a.: shape.%
land, at an average cost of one flour for a thin batter. Have the *nry °* I ho Linnnean Society, start- Queen Wilhclmina ts said to be a ! d shilling an acre a year.	irons hot and bake quickly.	od a doubt ou the subject in a paper notable housewife, like Victoria She W 1 °
read before that society. W.G.9. makes regular tours of observation quotes from publications, with their through store-rooms, china and linen
Itaram
round ot citron. Roll thc fruit in OYSTF.RS THAT GROW OX TRI.KS *m’ro P&rllcu,,rly, lhc coffeepots.
g =mgf=:
Itllli
Th Ine,,nr ^n<1 kotT closely covered. SOnio note, brought forward an in- . .	, .	.
Jhc above is a	southern rule, is ra-	(cresting proposal for increasing and	vd ia said to be of iho most delicious	cry country in Europe
but makes a cake	improving the cultivation of tree-	description, but hitherto thc Irish-	It was	in her reign	that ladies
that is best if	not cut until three	oysters, and as there is a rich field	men of this district have not realized	wore tiic	grotesque farthingale,	mi
A woman living in Maine is said to , months old, nnd	that will keep the	jn nearly all the West India Islands	bnw	^ sold. Father Michael,	enormous	hoop worn	round	the
make a living by administering,	for	>0tir round. I)o not attempt to al-	and along tho const of Central Am-	Kilnmcrenon, has now not only	waist, from which the skirts
a small fee, thrashings to such	of	,,r lbe proportions by using a little	erica, r,omet hing will no doubt come	taug,àt tlicin to employ tlio parcel	like 2 partly-deflated ballocn. Tu
,, ; the children of the neighborhood	as	1l*ss of this and a trifle more of the	cf the scheme The ovsters clinrr	l>ost ns 11 means of conveyance, but	rival this amplitude the men stuffed
b	circT	,CC'1	11	sho".!d	«ru in „,cd of correct ion.	other to make up for it. but tho rule	°he branches of the mangrove	,tb<! «"cot uses of advertisement as	their clothes with feathers, rags, and
|LAD:nsw»o
ia-*y be employed for the purpose of ' a‘'	.	s.;lt petre. Pulverize the lan ns fine With to>’9 for >*our heart's beguiling I Two ladles In thc United States ludicrously impossible, for the h»v
conserving and economizing the i ,A 1 rans-Atlantic steamer, carrying	RS ..ossible and mix thoi ouchlv with	And flowers nt four dimpling foot,	have the privilege of sending letters cr who	could	get	near	enough to hie
moisture supply uf soils. Subsoiling what is called a "full mail," usually	tho Fnlt ,	. \nw «.h «	Remember the little ones weary,	free-Mrs. Lucretia A. Garfield, "ladyo" to graf*p	her	extended	hand
,s une of the most important uf takvs -OO.OOU letters and 300 sacks snmll quantity 'SlHhe mixture on tho Wlth UPS unkissed by joy,	, widow of the late President Garfield. was nn exceptional and enviable
*htSC mentis. Experimental farms o1 newspapers lor I.ondon. to say	rind sj(lc of tllc pork t,‘ romnindpr	i,ie citV dark nnd dreary,	and Mrs. Julia Grant, the widow of n,nn
have made careful studies of the in- nothing oi the .,00 and odd sacks for	on thc Uoflh sidc rubbine- it in w.'n	who never have known a toy !	General Grant. Letters from these
Iiuence oi subsoiling on soil mois- otlur places.	Pack in a box that will allow the	^	,	,	jladies have their signatures	either
ture, and describe this influence sub- The increase of unsound teeth	drippings to run off. Rub each niece	° ono» frotting mid frowning,	stamped or written upon the en-
sîantially as follows; SubsoiJiog (1) among tho English and Americans	well as you put it in tin- box after	When your linv World ffoes wrong,	velopcs. In addition, all mail i.
increases the storage capacity of tho is attributed by Dr. Egbert to the thirty-six hours take out nnd annlv	tears your bright eyes drowning, ter sent to these ladles is carried j fcast
***‘1 for moisture, (2) increases the growth of meat eating. The Hindus	two quarts of salt in the si mo man-	And filing your happy song,	[free. Tho privilege is one granted I charms
rato at which waty will sink into of India, vegetarians, aro cited as a	nor, and pack again. Leave it for	Rcmemt)cr the	onps wistful,	only to widows of United States
lnc sod» but (3) decreases tho rate race with sound teeth.	three or four weeks and then smoke	Whose	sky is	so rarely blue,	'President/.
SSs—:T,z wsBvs
rtiu’iiîg *since plaats are capable of France, two^alfons'of bee^'inShiL- vu red this^ way Thanwhcn^brino Is ; i. ng a laige proportion of thc eia, half a gallon of wine In Italy, used.
%i%^anreomn^5,r coarse-;three pounds of fish in Spain, and To Cook Cabbage.-The readers b s..i	/ 1 , 1 s’ v . flu* ounces of butter in Belgium. who think they cannot eat cooked
¦¦¦
all should bo done when tho subsoil average of ten shots with the Qer-
i*self is dry enough, and this is most man infantry rifle has shown a rauz-likely to occur in the fall after the ,zle velocity of 2,008 ft. per second, crop of the season has withdrawn with a maximum volôcity of 2,132 the moisture from it. Subsoiling ft. per second at lu ft laic, too, leaves no time for the soil muzzle, to lose its open texture before the rams to be stored reach it.
•o
The question of tho retention of the fertility of the soil is getting to be an aged one, but it surely grows in importance from year to year and there gvrnns to be little danger of its being paid over much attention grain crops draw heavily on the fertility of tho land, some much more heavily than others
All
Somewhat similar was the
A IS*
vuIt of 11or-
Many times grain crops sold for actually less money than would bay an amount of fertility equal to tho amount used to produce the crop sols'.
Thc fertility of our farms is the very foundation of our present and luturo success in farming and consequently maintaining fertility is of vital importance and interest to every former. Usually it im not necessary for one to leave the neighborhood, murh less tho community, for example of misused and run down farms, farms once rich and productive, yielding bounteous crops, and now so exhausted that they will no longer afford a living and sufficient profit for a man to
the i lied i#
nl
CITS OF INFORMATION
ie
A Few Items Which Will Be Found .thick us for doughnuts
of Much Interest
so
one inch deep will weigh 101 tons
nnu*.
assume tho glue to induce perspirallie face with e both
CULTIVATE THEM
so thnt she be
I
WOfl
When ' ever move palatable, for they cirant
1 j Ha health in
! had used in her bath
me
tho very water she
is a
sum
moons, crosses and crescent.s j noted beauty adorped Ins face with "on uncanny galaxy m owls' eyes."
In Queen Anne's days the I lead-dress of fashionable women resembled nothing so much as a towering edifice, throe storeys high ; so high, 800 I in fact, that "even thc shortest Indjj çould not pose through a doorwaj without much stooping." Thcj took snuff at this time with more zest and frequency than tho modern girl munches chocolates, and coquetted with their snuff-boxes as theit successors flirt with their fans.
, In tho number and variety of cosHut pro- j tunics no modern society lady
vie with her predecessors of three <u more centuries ago. Elizabeth, the wife of Philip II., is said never te have worn any gown twice, and hef A new industry is being opened up j wardrobe never contained fewer than for Southern Ireland by the enter-11,000 dresses, all of tho costliest, prise of a parish priest. Thc peas- Queen Elizabeth, when sho died, left ()t unis of Donegal, it seems.# a re nearly j behind her no fewer than 8,000 u all apiarists, and tho honey 'produc-1 gowns, including examples from ev-
ANOTHER METHOD
to alternate the grain crop with clover or leguminous plants plowing under the latter as green manure, while the third is the purchasing of commercial fertilizer in sufficient quantities to keep up the fertility. It is doubtful if the latter method could be pursued with profit in many instances. Such fertilizers are extensive and some knowledge and experience are necessary to apply them eu ssfully.
1 he first method
Tho new Glasgow municipal telephone service has underground wires 16,500 miles in length. It provides for 20,000 subscribers.
DOMESTIC RECIPES
Whatever the number of orders, no leer ever leaves tho best German breweries until it has been standing for at least three months.
Men over forty are proof against enteric, fcvci thc keeping of lone man over that age tell a victim huge quantities of live stock on the *n the Soudan campaign, we believe to be the best in
farm
majority of cases most
Sundays and fixed holidays exceptât seems the cd, it is estimated that $100,000 natural way of conducting a worth of fish is daily dragged out of tarm and the one that will yield the the sea by British fishermen 'dost satisfactory returns means, perhaps, more capital necessary to conduct the farm unless we make Final 1er farms and put iuto
.stock more money otherwise invested iu land
can
This
in the jungles of Sumatra large spiders are found larger specimens measure <8 in. across tho back and have 17 in. of leg spread.
HONEY I’ROM IRELAND
Some of the
Greater productiveness leans mors feed for lnrgvr numbers
cattie, hogs, sheep, and more , 1UU	,	.
manure spread upon the fields which acro to 1!>H acrca' nnd t,ur,y upon
spaces nnd commons from one to | thur expensii
267 acres in size
London lias fifty-six parks and gardens of from one-fourth of an
i
should result in greater productiveness.
hung
SUBSOILING PAYS
i
In the days of "Good Queen Dess" ladies of fashion fed their vanity by
; ; i.dcd from
that they might a view of their "Alas !" wrote .lean des in what an ago do we live;
;
carrying mirrors
mat-1 tholr waists, so
nt will on
Hi
( a urr».
to we such depravity which wo see, that induces tlioin even in church to wear those scandalous mirrors hanging round their waists. It is true, at present, none but the ladies of thc Court venture to wear thorn; but long it will not bo before every citi-daughter and every female servant will wear them."
11 is curious to learn that in lho.s< times a pair of black silk 6tocking$
a luxury that th«\v
HAVE YOU PERFECT EYES ?
Only ono person in fifteen ha» perfect eyes, tho large percentage of defectiveness prevailing among fairhaired people. Short sight is more j common in town than try folk, und of all people the Germons have a larger proportion of short-sighted people.
O little one, winsome whose face is, To whom all thc world is fair. Whose pinafore trimmed with lace is, With dresses of silk to wear, Remember those loveless others, Though cares their sad lives fill. They aro all your sisters and brothers In tlio sight of tho Angels still 1
zen s
among coun-
:	Slice very
aw cutter or

wore so raie were considered a present fit for a Queen or a King. Queen Elizabeth was so delighted with a pair presented to her that sh£ said. * I nk< silk stockings so well, because they ore fine, pleasant, and delicate, thaï henceforth I will wear no more cloth
stockings."	, '	„
So strong was the craving for anything novel in tho world of fashion that when Isabella, daughter of I hi!-ip IT., vowed she would not chanffi her linen until the siege of OstenC was at an end, and was thus com polled to wear It for three yearn. "the color of her linen gave rise U a fashionable color, 'the Isabella, s kind of whitish-ycllow-dingy '
or
l
I
£
ft
t-
n
V 7
St
/
t

r

EASY FOR RICE
>
Mi


SCENTS USED RY RULERS.
A lady has been compiling a list ^ the favorite scents used by reigning monarch». The Kaiser, she W*. pr» Garden of the Pariah 1 n but occasionally used Viang-Y lung, corylopsis, and iris. The Empress Augusta Victoria prefers mayscent. and for her private rooms eau de Cologne. The Tsar has a wcaknt tor scents, but his especial favorite l* unknown. The Tsarina prefers violet perfume for the handkerchief ; her room» and corridors are sprinkled with Jonquil and jasmine. The Queen Dowager of Italy, Margherlts, prefers eau de Cologne. The .rows Prince of Roumanie Is fond of ro water, Sultan Abdul Hamid has • delicate taste, for he inWgoe ia • mixture of lilacs and violate.
The following are good ways for cooking rice. You will find them easy to cook and delicious when
d o ' i °
cup rice, wash in several waters and put into tho oatmeal double boiler with * toaspoonful salt and * cup raisins or any kind of fruit desired. Fill the dish nearly full with milk or boiling water, sot the double boiler on the stove, and cook two or three hours. It does not hurt it to cook Ronger any more than it does oatmeal.
Another way, which ia richer, ia to take 1 *up rice, 1 qt milk and a lib-tie salt, sweeten to taste, flavor with fruit or spices if liked and bake in an earthen dish one hour or more, in a hot oven, thick scum
iN
N
from thc
For a family of four take *
v%
fers
4
l
6
COURT LANGUAGE.
GROWTH OF LIVE SPOCJC.
1/ all who keep live stock knew better the value of continuous growth in the young animals, more attention would be given to maintaining such growth ¦*¦¦¦¦¦¦ is plain
boast makes oety half growth, half the food of maintenance is lost. If a csil, for i.«stnifCe, stand* still for a Sleuth after it is weaned, because the» food is unsuitable, the food cater by that cnlf for that month is en-u I * ie*l. If a young cattle beast it. i au gak. for * whole winter, as
\

üi
The use of English
courts is very common nowadays pecially at the Russian court, where since it became known that tho Tsar and Tsarina always used it between-themselves royal household make a practice of speaking and writing it. This is curious, because at one time all own royalties spoke German, and at Tel-el-Kebir it was noticed that whenever the Duke of Connaught grew excited he gave his orders in that language.

The problem Eve» y day that a young
many members of tho
\
our
F
MpiritîonnoVâ h^bkaîe.-!m<> 1 coms down <»* road at night I is atartisd k#
people Is a'skeered of ‘der swa shaddsf.**
Over the top will be a Do not disturb this


###PAGE###3###
/
A WILLING MMÎtCUHY.
Kiret lk>y-*"Wi>t’e tho rush?
Nccoml Boy—"I hnml pa invite an old friend to dinner, and I'm hurrying homo to tell mnmniu Did y'r father send ycr?
I
rhen whn ou running y’nelf to
I* for?
'< ne if nmmnaa knows company is cornin' we'll have a better dinner."
The steady increase in the sales of
SAVED BY THEIR VOICES,
A TEAMSTER'S STORY.
Sozodont
ïooth Powder
Iudella Ceylon Tea

il
INSTANCES WHERE NOTED SINGERS WON FREEDOM.
Charles Santley so Delighted a Brigand Chief That He Granted His Release.
SUFFERED GREATLY FROM ASTHMA AND KIDNEY TROUBLES.
9 9

*C
25
ê t
9 9
00
No.
l #
the fact of its increasing popularity. You ’ll like its purity
In Lead Packages, 25, SO, 40, BM-cc	__
We need large quantities for local and export orders and can pay the top market price for any quantity ot well fatted and well dressed
Turkeys, Geese, Duoke and Chickens during next 2 months
The Dawson Commission Co., Limited, Toronto.
We also no.4 APPLEH. OMONE. BKAXR, HOWF.Y, BUTTKIt. PîOS.fcn.
9 If
proves and fragrance.
Spent Some Time in a Hospital and Almost Impoverished Himself Buying Medicines Without Benefit — Again Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills Cure After Other Medicines Fail.

9 9
tag
Good for Bad Teeth Not Bad for Good Teeth
POULTRY
Many years since, when travelling with some friends in Mexico, Charles Sant ley was captured by half-breed
From tbo Recorder. Uallfux. N. 8. *Jttndlu being unable to pay the
Q11
Halifax Polo Grounds, n one of b b|s mlshlip dmnccd to break Into «trteken. Madame OH,I retained com-those who willingly bear testimony „„„ whlrh ^ dollghtod tho brigand I'lole presence of mind and with the to the curative' powers of Dr. WII-1 chlo( tllnt ho demanded an encore, utmost composure began to sing At liums I ink I ills. A reporter of the Bentley saw his chance, and express- once the maniac was quiet Ills whole Acadian Recorder who had heard of C(J hi# willingness to comply on ion- attention was riveted on that mngni-Wr. Cochrane’s sutler ingn and sub- dillon Uiat ho ttnd hf8 companion# «cent voica-and ho remained the sequent	cure, called at his home,	wcr0 grunted their release. Tho mug-	most appreciative	of listeners until
/ when ho	gave an account of hi# ex-	gestion was accepted, and for over	the train reached	the next station,
pericnco substantially am follows:— two hours was the singer’# voice where ho was secured. It transpired lie had for many yours boon a con- raised jn sllch exquisite melody that subsequently that ho was a maniac «tant sulTorer from asthma, accom- the bandits, true to their word, a I- with homicidal tendencies who had Paniod by an aggravated form of ! lowed him and those with him to do- escaped from an asylum, kidney trouble The latter trouble part.	An amusing story is told of Localised	severe pains in the back and	The late Joseph Maas had a some-	blachc,	the celebrated bus#	singer,
lolita,	and at times his sufferings	what similar experience. Years	0,10 «W as ho was strolling	loisurc-
were very acute, lie said ho had al- back, when with a companion buffalo I? through a French fair a cry was most impoverished himself buying hunting on tho American prairies, he suddenly raised that a bear had es-modiçtnee of all kinds, but to no	warn captured by Indians and carried	cared from the	menagerie. The
purpose;	the trouble continued and	off to their camp. When at his wits'	crowd fled in every direction—all
Boomed to grow worse a« the years end how to extricate himself from ; «ave the singer, whose massive pro-pnssvd. Mrs. Cochrane said that tho dilemma his friend suggested the portions precluded tho idea of rapid she had frequently seen her husband power of song. Forthwith he com- motion. Amid the general cornnio-choko	up and fall to tho floor us	meneed an operatic selection that so	1 ion	amongst them all stood unihough	dead, and he would have to	delighted his captors that they loos-	moved,	calmly awaiting the	advent
be worked with and rolled around cned Ills bonds and urged him—at 01 **u- ferocious boast which sure before he would revive. A few years tho point of their spears!—to con- cnoxgh come slouching rapidly tango lie spent ten days in tho Victoria tinuo.	wards him. When within a few feet
General Hospital. Tito doctors then Luckily his voire had a sophoriflc cf- ** halted as though to gather itself thought that the pains in the back j feet upon the Indians, who one by together for a final rush when La-were duo to over-exertion in his one dropped asleep until, just as he ImchQ sloped forward, and from business as a teamster, but gave him was on tho poing of stopping from	lowest depths of his immense
no material help. After leaving the exhaustion, the last passed into the ch^st. sont forth such a thunderous hospital, ho used butties and vottlcs realms of dreams. Then ho and his IOJir that the tombed animal turned
of medicine, but failed to find a euro, com.vnion	1	”<**•
!*f
At Fchonbrunn, tho Austrian Km-poror’s palace, is the finest collection Of orchids in tho world, numbering 18,000 plants.
Soiodont Liquid i$c !ar*i Liquid and Powder 75e All Mores or by mall tor the price. Sample tor postage to,
HALL A RUCKEL, MONTREAL _________
ter
lier

t».
U*
??THE IMPROVED
LAID DP
W>-
YOU CAN CET 10, IS, 8,20* PCR PAIR.
•ce
YOU CAN MAKE 12 TO 20 PAIRS PER DAY
i
MONEY MAKER
HI UP
1!»
IT-
A STRONG MAN ON HIS BACK THROUGH KIDNEY TROUBLE.
-AND-
ATTACHMENTS
farl
JIBBER
is
mniuctiew
A Toronto Contractor Who Was Never Without Pain for Years, And Who Had Many Times Quit Work—Dodd’s ICidney Pills Made Him Well.
•ei
« l
ni
to
f
ft
\
MACHINE
&
1«5,


Toronto, Ont., ’Nov. 18.—(Special) —At No. 86 Lippincott street, in this city, resides Mr. W. J. Keano. Mr. Keano is a contractor, and is one of the best known men in his line of business in Toronto.
Like many other successful men, M . Keano has suffered during his busy life a great deal, from Kidney Disorders. For years he suffered great pain. He was forced at times to quit his work altogether and go to bed. He u?:« (1 Dodd’s Kidney Pills and is well. This Is what he says about it ;—
"It gives me great pleasure to write in praise of Dodd’s Kidney Fills, and the good they have done me. I am never without them.
"I have been a gr<eat sufferer with pains In my back, in the region of my kidneys. I was very sick, and at times could not attend to my work at all.
is
t N.Î

fl 4

Of



Guaranteed Reliable ——and

bf
INDER-
\
cl
o-
A
el
•MA HIE] R
U>
A Complete FAMILY KNITTING MACHINE
10-
>»
AT A LOW AND SPECIAL PRICE.
Address CREELMAN BROS., Box 601, Georgetown, Ont.
i
w
Canarir.
ih
)
Ik
- «
t*r ew ^7M JjfXk We are givin * away brtt^» rromlotns l^n wr b»f w* for ieHw|
B" 1m 8l2L£L StM TVlkW Gold King, set wiih leal pe..r!» end garurt«, In ¦	¦	plash case ; Violin and how; Antuhirp; ten-keyed Accwle»>n |
Lady'ser Cent's ten-year gold-filled Watch Guard; la y'» Dress G*mx1« and Shirtwaist
IIhsiii at 30 cents pel boa and send ue our money and we will lend you any one of Urn abo*w
nl
I
Ik
vj
<
î(l
A
»k
A neighbor of his, Mr. Lowe, whose wife had been made a well woman
QUIETLY STOLE AWAY.
His wonderful voice on one occa-nftcr years of sickness, by the use of Ejon placed the great tenor Mario in Dr. Williams' Dink Fills, advised him t, somewhat invidious position. When to try them. jIu used a couple of travelling with some companions in boxes without apparent result, and ! Spain ho fell into tho hands of a
felt somewhat discouraged, but Mr. party of marauding gipsies, who do-1 onutiou ceremony in London | |H Lowo advised him to continue the manded tho customary ransom. Mar- comprise tho Maharajas of Gwalior, of the pills, and before tho third j0, tickled at the situation, answered Kolhapur, Jaipur, Bahawalpur and box was finished, he began to im- ; their request in impromptu song, Nab ha ; also a small number of prove. "Dr. Williams' Pink Fills which ho delivered with such exquis- native gentlemen, selected from the bave bien a Godsend to me," said ! jte mock dignity that his captors, dite rent provinces. I hero will also Mr. Cochrane, "they are the only; with unanimous acclamation elected Me R European deputation from the medicine 1 have taken which seemed ; him captain of their band. The sing- Tn^linn public bodies, and the Indian to do me any good. 1 had one pre- er diplomatically acquiesced in their ^r vices and a large military conscription from a doctor which cost decision, but in the course of the fol- | fhigent, which will represent till mo 81.75 a bottle, wntdi like many lowing day contrived to dirkc his es- j ,’anlk9 R.nf* classes of tho native army other medicines 1 took, was just so capo with hie friends.	th.f. ^D^ial Service troops,
much money wasted. I have used On another occasion in Madrid the fnoy wiL be headed by the veteran, eight or ten boxes of Dr. Williams’ same linger, as he was returning late kSir } crt*\b ^mgh, of Jodhpur. Ue-Pink Pills and can say that, before one night from the theatre where he 1 fording tho remaining Indian princes
«- — — — -	fSSCf.rŒ; püSSÏ
the corn notion will bo 1,000 men.
J*reiuiuui* you eeka.
Our ills are the Kest reme ’y In the world for Impure blood,lire* and kidney dkewet, rheumatism, scoroa'.h disorders and all female troubles.
Yon take no risk as vou may rm*mn HTh, If unable to trT! them, ef the lari^f «4 medical Arm» in (.aiada, ami you can rely on our	wmeeiAcfly at
represented. Send your imme at mc* and secure an extra Premium. Mention tt* paper.
INDIA AT THE CORONATION.
iâ

k
?

i#
Many Native Princes and 1,000
Native Soldiers.

"I used several medicines, but nothing I ever tried seemed to help mc in the least, until a friend of mine advised me to try Dodd’s Kidney
Pills.	”¦¦¦
as
India’s representatives at the cor-

.TORONTO, ONT.
88
PRICE MFC. CO.
will
*
BAY ST
¦1
I immediately found relief,
and was able to resume my work. —	,	, ,	.,	...
"I used altogether seven boxes bo- All unconscious of danger	1
fore being completely cured. Since tic rabbit was sporting in the grass, then I have never been sick a day. I - "Look out for me! hissed a snake, have never had the slightest indicar suddenly appearing near >y. lion of a return of the trouble." Ian adder!" "Pooh What s that?
It is hard to understand how any- retorted the rabbit stormu Y* one will continue to suffer from suppose you've never hear* to ot Lame Back or any other symptom of , folks multiply? ’
Kidncv Trouble after so many frank
S-“u TÇ& 5 KNffi -ftTT
Dodd s Kidney 1 ills have cured them.	,,	Mi 1dmay—"Don’t mention
C-L'W	« sjp <U .»« ».
absolutely proven that there In no of us suircrcd* __
case of Kidney Trouble, Laine Back.	of ointments fOP Catarrh
Thousands of Canadians have tried, Care, manufactured by F.J. Chenev & < a. To*
- —l!—l

use
88 men and twenty-three women die from sunstroke each year in England and Wales.

o
.0
la
Miimrd's Liiiimrnf Cures Colds, etc.
‘8
%
J
Of ihc world’s rubber supply of 67,500 tons, 25,000 come from the Amazon Basin, 8,500 tons from other parts of South America, and 21,000 from tropical Africa.
ii
;
H
*
k
Blmard’s liniment Cures Distemper,
i-
A
at

1 sir, I don’t know next meal is coming Overfed—"ITa! Same
Cook left,
I
Most
bec°au»ù0nr.OrwmUinuv' Pink nils demanded that his friends should bo
...
inner anaemia nervous prostration	«\»ure means of	proving the truth of	fercnce to tho	dachshund: "
,nH I'lndred troubles See that the	his words.	Ten	minutes later Mario	dockshound is a	dog notwithstand-
.,,r williams' Pink Tills	"ns bowed	out	with many regrets	j„g npoe. cncics.	lie has fore legs,
Vnlc Veuille," Is on l ho wrapper	au„L ,'r<’fuso	af°lofleî;	two In front end	two behind, and
SÆ= -	EFB
c< cent iic behavior, tiiat he was I so far away from tharo tales, it bothers them sum to wag the lattur. J wunst noo a dockshound who was too impashunt to wale till he cud signal tho whole length of his boddy when he wanted to wag his tale, so made it up with his tale thet when he wanted it to wag he would shake his rite car, and when the tale seen it*shake it would wag."
3
3
A
A WONDERFUL DOG.
h
This is what an Aberdeen boy once
i
W P. C. 1104
re-
Tho
h
CALVERT'S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
I
I
I
I
t
1
For mil skin alimente.
& o. Calvert â Co.. Manchester, England
MINARD'S LINIMENT
The Armstrong gun-works employ
Schneider-
Krupp,
I believe
will care every case of Diphtheria.
MHS REUBEN BAKER.
t
24,000 men; the French Canet, 25,000; the German 20,000.
J
TltlO FLOOR OF THE SEA
Riverdale I believe
A DANGEROUS LUNATIC.
Brass Band
MINAKD’S LINIMENT will produce growth of hair.
MRS. CIIAS. ANDERSON.
Stanley, P. E. I.
I Lelievc MINARD’S LINIMENT is the best household remedy on
earth.
M. Tcwipoif, a Russian naval surgeon attached to the Baltic *¦ /,;l fleet, has h<cn experimenting with apparatus for taking photographs of the sea floor at any depth; and, it is reported, with such success that reliable records of Kuhmar-
bc reckoned ani-

Though her companions were panic-
Ainord's unirai coins Gtm in cows.
i
s
all
!
CAREWORN MOTHERS.
LEAP YEARS.
The twentieth century will have the greatest number of leap years possible for a century—n timely, twenty-five. The year 1904 will be the first one, then every fourth year aftvr that up to and including the year
times have five Sundays;
1948, and 1976.
instrumente, Drums, Uniforms ate.
every town can have a band
WHALEY MCE & CO., Limited,

i
l
Life Often Made a Burden Through Nursing a Cross and Fretful
Baby.
I
MATTHIAS FOLEY.
ongf-t our valuable sources of biological knowledge. The great dith-culty is in the construction of a
SSLTS
SSSS-. SJTSrJSJIS?"®
sii'olT Is Fivitl to have overcome. Al
invention will be serviceable m many other wayo-m wreck investi
gation, for example.
;
Oil City, Ont.
AU babies should be good-natured ; | catarrh Cafi well babies, if there is no outward
sas# | ,a==ri
night for a sick, cross and Irctfu There are a thousand and one so-I shrug my shoulders, baby, when a little care and Huo- tauccj cures for catarrh. Most of
sight would remove all the troube them contain dangerous narcotics. I	snip* Hi* ceagh
bo caused by any one Japanose Catarrh Cure differs from' that ma	y| other so-called catarrh remedies.
it cures and the patient stays cured. I poiitan macaroni in a year. It performs whon others promise.	¦
Japanese Catarrh Cure is absolutely certain in its effects and has never yet failed to cure any case of catarrh
It is a
Toronto, Ont, and Winnipeg, Man
Be Cured.
i
February will three
in 1920,
FEATHER DYEING
Inc »od Curling and Kid Gloves cleaned Tb
Clean
That is, I can
ror Over Fifty Veers
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO.
MONTREAL
taillions of mothers for their children «bile teething, ft soothes the child, Miftcne the gums, sl ays pain, caret had colic, regulates the stomach and hotels, and lathe Lu remedy for Dis/rbrna. Twenty-lire cents a bottle |tli,i by dr tggieu throughout the world. Be i B for " « un. Wmaaow a Sootmiso tivnup."
QiLEADINE
an
{
crossness may of tho numerous
lives a misery to themselves and a constant source of worry and discomfort ( to the mother, such as colic, worms, indigestion, constipation, the irritation accompanying tho cutting of teeth, etc. When baby is cross do not, if you value your child’s future welfare, give it any of the so-called “soothing" medicines, as they only
stupefy and deaden without remov ^ ^ the teat of all the trouble,
ÉHHSÉB SSSt j
ailments of little ones, making them take our word for Uiie. "c can	--
|lanpy. The best proof of I'rove it by recommendations from Liverpool has a gasometer which is is the high praise all mothers physicians and thousands of testi- ih(J large8t in England. It holds 8,-
hnve used this medicine award monials. We want you to Prov®1^ hop,000 cubic feet.	_
Mis W. S. Benvcrstock, Church by tending for a sample box, which Street Hroekville,	says :	"I	have	you can have	absolutely free of
‘	,(l Baby’s Own	Tablets in my	charge. Send 5	cents for postage,
house for several yeaia and know of etc., to The Griffiths & Macpherson no medicine for little ones that	can	Co., Limited, 121	W. Church tit., To-
equnl them. When	my baby	was	ronto. Sold by	all druggists. Price
teething she was restless, cross and 50 c peevish, and I could do very little
with her. I gave her the tablets and I EVER TRIED STONE PIE?
CtoLlTS TUCKED UltBSS.	CMcltmMn’ wlgwtkm^ she condition. the bnrko of trow Mid I Lo.uimv'. W.inK-hoosw MJfkXl In
rssr-STuiiirsr	at - — ,"M0 - "
To cut IM, drew for * child of 4 L. not keep them »e»dM «.U to U,d«*bl* time.
fSLÏffJir&S -STM LSW, 11 sozaDOMT for th. TEETH 26.
V, id. vM he required	sent you by moll, post paid.
Britain buys 70,000 cases of Nea-
Tke Chinch a Islands, on which not a plant grows, has yielded to the Peruvian Government guano worth $600,000,000.
The Sovereign Healer, is a Balm of Gilead C int-ment. It h ab Ulcer», foie. Bruises, Home and Sores, long standing or acuto. h unequalled for Inflamed or w< ak eyes. Once tried always used. The best testimonial is & trial sample Free on receipt of 33 in stamps.
Address,	.	. .
CILEADINE CO , lox 564, Toronto, Ont.
S0Z0D0HT Tooth Powder 25o
Miiiard's Liniment Cores Diphtheria.
hurt in nccitlnntn
0,801 [Topic worn
in Ixmdon streets lost year, of whom 207 were killed outright.
AGENTS WANTED.
Gcr-
Russia has 900 newspapers,
times as many,
when persistently ^ used.
soothing, refreshing and healing ! many has seven H| ointment, which is inserted up the France five times as many, and Kng-nostrils, when it is quickly breathed I lanh four times as many.
Line Steamships
TXM l.EK'H PRICfc' EtiS RECIPES, 3000 recreiH for the Home. Farm, Laboratory,
Workshop} 3ffSpage». Send 25 cent». If the book H not worth the money son-i it back and	vvwlSi
your money will be refunded. Thi' in a good Large aud Fist Steamships Superior aooouanwdallw side line. VVi i am Briggs, Mc:hodist Book |0r ail classes o< painters. Baissai sad Sutsrssw
Room. Toronto. Onurlo.---------------- ZSHSOZ ÎStLSSSS ISJSStZ!^
Write us to night. MeDermid A Lo^an. Dep t D London, Ont.	à
pool. Portland to LirarpooL Via Qu.»


T&-.
D. Torranee à C&.

this
who
i
I, if
fill
lltli
i
I
AXTKD-U PKR day BUrtE-OLN
tlenaen « r ladles-not to canvas, bin to employ agsnta : position pern anrnt; I6W piv year and expersei; roliabo nrm ; reference»; exneriecee nnn#ce*wary.
O iCBEFR, address 480 Truth Office. Toronto.
it.
!
w
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
•Kill; I d
ÎHlïlIEllI

EPPS’S
, be>t k. A.
i-l-l-i-K-H-F

I 1
GRATEFUL COMFORTING.
1 î The Important : ; : i Consideration !•
VETERINARY COURSE.
t8.
41 I
COCOA
ARMKR8 SONS WANTED-To take a
ESSi t
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.

!
clad on, Lendon, Oat
, to the man or woman with a deposit
•	• account la the security of tho money
•	• deposited. If the deposit Is with
:: Canada's
1
JkL,
its safety le beyond question. A » • secondary consideration i- the rate of . ? interest the depositor receives. Thi* Is .. also very aitrae Ire. AU information T cheerfully and promptly supplied	%
over a
à

’COS
• • THE CANADA PERMANENT Î and WESTERN CANADA MORTGAGE CORPORATION
Toronto Street, TORONTO
nii-
Al rtubdu/ /rwumhr
C*4V t x/ y H
Ï

it
i
con-
ftu.

* "


—--


jL
799
435
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
HARNESS.
MASSEY-HARRIS
SMART & SMITH
Sight Made Perfect.
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE
SHAWVILLE, DEC. 5, 1901
It- a*
\û>
Perfect eight le deter* mined by » eeriee of eciontlflc teste.
We render faulty eyee perfect by scientific* ally fitted glaeeee.
order ({
1
The compu’aory vaccination « has been totcinded in Ottawa notwith sanding that smallpox continues to pre vail there.
A petition is being cirauhted in Ottawa, and is being numerously signed asking the Ontario Geveromeut to re-the disquliScatlon of ex Mayor
Coarse Fine Harness Heavy Draft Harness,
Horse Blankets,
and a full assortment of
Horse Collars, Liqes and other Harness Parts.

ï
Horse
Furnishings

move Mori is
The Liberals of North Lanark have chosen W. C CUdwell, M P.P., as their candidate in the coming provincial electS )Uth Lanark Conservatives will again run Colonel Matheson.
\
I
J
Collars,
Harness,
Blankets,
iona
A 1 GOODS AT ROOK
B0TT0M PRICES.
Cattle Inspection

“THE DRUG STORE”
A. H. BOX
Optician SHAWVILLE
Hon. Sydney Fisher, minister of agriculture, claims that the U. 8t. authorities hare no just ground of complaint against the withdrawal of the Canadian veterinary officer from England, whose duty it warn to inspect all animale from the old country destined for Canada for stock purposes. The season for shipping animals direct to Canada has about closed, and any that come out after this will by way of United States ports, and may be inspected upon landing, or previous to departure by a U. S. veterinary officer in the old country. Should ani-rainals destined for the V. S. be landed at Halifax and St. John during the win-
MACFARLANE BROS.
P.Q.
Brushes,
Combs,
Bells.
P. 8 —We are now receiving and paying highest market prices for Dressed Poultry and Hogs in good condition.
J HE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
come
M. BROS.
A NEWLY RE-BUILT N|ILL
SMART & SMITH.
ter, which is not likely, they.cin be in | T7I A fi fin	T# XT'
npected at either port by Canadian veten-j J7 XTLV/ A	X\ X
nary experts, the Washington authorities declined to accept the certificats of English inspection.
CLARENDON ROLLER MILLS
(Formerly McCredie & fjodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
*
Rev.Irl R. Hick la Not Dead
The Best Flour and the Largest Returns P. S.-See our Cutters and Robes, for your wheat is Our Ambition.
widely current Irl R. Hicks was
Notwithstanding a T rumor that the Rev. dead, he never was in better health, and never did a harder and more successful year’s work than that just closed. He has just completed his large and splend-did almanac for 1902 and, with his staff
of able workers, has brought his journal ] COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE
into
international reputation. For a quarter of a century Mr. Hick has grown in reputation and usefulness as the people’s astronomer, and forecaster of storms and the character of coming seasons. Never his weather forecasts so sought
HONG KEE
We desire to have you and our Flour meet. There is a basis for a firm friendship between us after you ; ; and the Flour have argued it over. : ;
OHAWVILLE’S
V NEW
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH VP • TO - DATE MACHINERY AND
J
CHINESE LAUfJDHY,
SASH and DOOR
PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
We have a Large Stock of Everything in our Line.
Highest Price paid for Hard Milling Wheat.
JAMBS WILSON.
Next door to Miss A. McRae's
FACTORY.
Main Street, • Shawville-
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will bo kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
Laundry work of all kinds done In first class style.
were
after as now, his timely warning of a serious drouth this year having saved the people from loss and suffering.— Millions of bushels of wheat were harvested through his advice to plant crops that would mature early. The Ameri-people will certainly stand by Prof. Flicks when it costs them mo little and the benefits are so great. His fine Almanac of 200 pages is only 25c. and his splendid family journal is only one dollar a year including the Almanac. Send to Word and Works Pub. Co, 2201 Locust St, St. Ijouis Mo.
Iu connection with my former business I have just placed in position a set of first class machine» for the manufacture of all kinds of
We Satisfy.
1901
1901
PERT C. HODCINS.
OR
van
;C
Sash,
OREMOST
URNITURE.
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
PEOPLE WHO BUY TRIER GOODS AT OUR STORE GO AWAY SATISFIED THAT THEY PROCURE
FOR SERVICE
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first clam* work.
BEST VALUE FOR THEIR MONEY
Hon. G. B. Foster on Contingent
Pure bred Yorkshire Hog. Fee SI.00
JAS. BALLANTINK,
Bristol.
Apply to
IN ALL LINES OF
Toronto. Nov. 27.—H n. G. E. Foster,
•peeking it Bo.m.nvllle Jest night et Pnrp l)n,d Yorkshire Hog. Service nomination of C. J. Thornton for the fee—$1.00.
Commons, referred sarcastically to the I	JAS. ARMSTRONG,
attempt which is being made by aome to	Green Lake,
juggle between what is a contingent and
what is simply a permission to recruit, in Large English Berkshire, pure bred connection with the despatch of another Won first prize at Shawville this year body of Canadian troops to South Africa. Service fee -ene dollar
Thecountry in whose bosom we were born that protected our infancy, gave our young manhood freedom and liberty, that is our protection and the protection Improved Chester White Hog. Took
t ns	1 '
Afzica, and governments and poll iciatia|	Clarendon
are fighting and squabbling about this differedee. And oh, the pity of it ! For very gratitude's sake if for nothing else send help to mother that has done so much for us. Are we so shoit-eighted thst we cannot see that it is j net as effect ive for the destruction of empire if one I Pontiac
of the pedestals is destroyed as though be held in old town hall, Shawville at 2
»• h*1"«1*
a Roar alio, bred to destroy the riante 1 financial report for 1901 and electing a and liberties of Br.tish homes and sub- Board of Directors for 1002 jects in Africa is a blow at Canadian lib- A Directors' meeting will be held the erties. If Canada were invaded by the same day at 10o'clock a. m. foe and if we maw that the home govern-1 E. GRAHAM. JOHN ^ OUXG ment and the opposition papers were quibbling about the difference between recruiting and sending GOO men out to help us what a miserable thing would we not think it. The voice of Canada in 1899 «aid Government or no Government,
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage In the past, I shall look forward to a future increase in business.
# e
# #
# e
# e
HAVE A LOOK AT THE CHOICE SELECTION OF
We have also a first-class assortment of
JOHN G. ELLIOTT
SEASONABLE GOODS
CHARGED MODERATE. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
TERMS REASONABLE
PERSONAL ATTENTION
ALEX. BEAN
Portage Road
WE ARE NOW SHOWING BEFORE LAYING IN YOUR ; :	FALL SUPPLIES. : :
PROPRIETOR.

SHAWVILLE.
J. GRAHAM
Here it is ! The Place
THE MARKETS.
FRESH and CURED
Silas Young,
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 08 to 00c Oats per bushel, 00 to !0r Pease per bushel, 05 to 70c. Buckwheat, 43c. per bush. Rye, per hush. 40 cents. Eggs, per dozen, 00 to 15c. Butter, per pound, 00 to 15c. Ducks, per lb. fi to 7 cents. Chickens, per lb. 5 to 0 cents. Turkeys, per lb ti to 9 cents. Wool, per pound, 14 to 16c. Pelts, each, 40 to 50c.
Hides, $5.50 to $5.75. Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each
MEATS
Public Notice.
Starke’s
Corners.
The annual meeting of the Members of Agricultural Society No. 1 will
of all kinds at
Where you can get — anything and every- Lm thing you require in I a Tin, Agate and En- I v amelled Ware.	I cm
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. a. McGUIRE,
President*
Sec Trees
Stray Cattle.
Eavetroughing,
Roofing and
Repairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS
A small-sized red yearling heifer, with Opposition, Canada I white around the belly, strayed away [ South Africa and | from premises of undersigned about 11th
to recovery thankfully received by
John A. Trelpord,
Bedford.
Proprietor.
t
Opposition or no 1 shall he’p Britian in _ help her she did it, and she says the same today, and so send along your six hundred and add to It your sixty hundred more, and pay the bill like men.
OTTAWA
of orders by engineer Strong of the continental limited. Toe erder, it is claimed read :61 Pass at Seneca, ” but Strong under#'o fd It to read Sand Creek. The
mises of the un-1 conductor of the train did not know that
one year-1 the engineer had misundt ritood the order j	6 per ,,
and supposed that the train was going on a siding. Finding that the train was
running rapidly the c >ndoctor put on the j Pork, $0.25 to $7.75 per 100 air brake* himself, but it was too late. Chickens, 45 to GOc. a pair. The two trains crashed together and cars Oats, 48 to 50c. per bushel, on the westbound train were crumpled up | Hay, $5.50to $9.00 per ton.
Wool» 13 to 14c. per lb.

Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
“ pails. 18 to 20c. per lb Eggs, fresh, 25c. per ooz. Potatoes,"80c. per bag.
Strayed on to the premises dersigned about 1st November, one vi ling red and white bull. Owner can h the same by paylng^ex^nwB^incurred.
Lot 8. R. 8. Bristol
Not Yeomanry
¥
Mutton, 5 to8c. perlb Beef, 3J to 5Jc. per lb;
Stitfijy&f you can stub
your foot but you cannot stub the rubber.
are
With
DBC1DID EXCEPTION TAKEN TO THE NAM* CANADIAN RANGERS WOULD BE SATISFACTORY.
•I
Shawville.
will outwear two pairs of common rubbers.
is imitated by every rubber manufacturer, but your dealer knows the genuine from the
No imitation has our
Horrible Railroad Disaster
As to the suggestion to call tho Can-	__ I in a hemp of ruins. Immediately after
adian mounted corps about to be enrolled	rR0M go T0 iQQ persons killed and 100 ! the collision six of the cars of the west-
fur South African service The Canadian	injured. bound train, crowded with immigrants,
Yeomanry, an officer who served with	. _ _	burst into flames. The unf* runate in- Wabash railroad near Seneca did not
one of the contingents says :	“Without	Dutroit, Nov. 28.—Two psesengerliains mates fought madly in their attempt to tend to	minimiza	or	detract	from	the
wishing to say anything derogatory to the	on the Wabash It. R., one going west the crawl out of doors and windows, thus night’s	awful	calamnity.	Most	of	the rPIFM‘nTP’DQ TP/VP
imperial troops so designated, I must other cant, met in a frightful col(is?on hindering each other so that the tu'k of wreckage has been cleared from the track	r VXV
confess that the name ‘yeomanry ap- while going at almost full speed, one1 them were unable to escape. The ira- It continues to appeor that the number	fiHFFSF UâlfPD and QFPPFTA RV
peals to Canadians who have been in mile east of Seneca, Mich., a village migrant train was made up of nine cars of detd victims will reach from 80 to 100,	url“OL-mwycn anu dLOV\C
South Africa as synonymous with inex- elev0!1 miles west of Adrian, shortly after behind two of the engines. Six of these and that more than the latter nnmber	- vas,
perience and blundering. The feeling y o’clock lait night. Both trains were can were jammed together. There wa; are suffering greater or lesser injuries. Sealed tenders marked “ Tender " ud thoroughly
SïEirHES SfSSSS'aSS SSïïsF££?«%£	««SfesftKKf
as ‘yeomanry. I would consider the probably reach 125. Flames added to the : grants who were lucky enough to get out human forme being cullectod seems to	Cheese maker is to furnish supplies ucces	each rubber. All others are frauds
name Canadian Hangers much more de horror of the wreck. The westbound I alive from the last one or two immigrant indicate enlargment rather than diminu-	jury to manufacture cheese to weigh and	upon the public.
r S5SSS °'—
^ ---- migrants going west from New York. W hen the relief trains arrived as many it is claimed that m China no bank has and keep an accurate account of every- 12-Inch tops, with Rolled l.dge and
mwm Wmmwmm mmm
*
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
It

imitation, specially manufactured Rope Can-the only fabric which can be impregnated with the
Rusasss
*
	
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Booms.
A. SMILE Y, Prop.
Court Shawville,
Ms. 276.
Poultry Wanted.
Jot
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Intereeb.
püBLisHiD eveir thumday AT SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
suBSC*ipnoH-$i.oo a re a* /* advahci.
No paper stopped until all arrearage* are paid, unies* bj special arrangement with the publisher.
t
Meets ths 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren eon dtally Invited
L.B.C
We are prepared to pay •
HIGHEST MARKET PRICE for all well-fatted and well dressed
POULTRY.
Bring along your Grain, Butter,
Eggs, Pork, Hides, Sc.
X. A. Cowan, R 8
H. 8. Barn nr, r.B
:o:
John Bicrett, C.R.,
WINTER WANTS :
ADVERTISING RATES t
Legal advertising, eight cents per line for Insertion and four cents per Hue for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at #4.00 per ysar.
bocal announcements Inserted at the rate of live cents per line for tiret Insertion and three cents tor subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or I The spot for— for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.	|
Advertisements received without Instruc tlons until
HAWVTLLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOp SA|ITH, Proprietor.
s
first
Before placing your orders for winter supplies be sure and have a look over our new aud complete stock
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Clnan Shave.
Cutters Robes
accompanying them will be Inserted __lôrbldden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pah-1 ^our Turn next. 11 shed free of charge. Obituary poetry tb cents !*>* line.
*
ree
CEO. HYNES,
5
JOB PRINTING
You can always rely in getting top prices
for all produce.
All kinds of Job Printing nestly end cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly a t tended to.
Blankets Rugs,
Bells Whips, &c.
1
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, * - QUE.
Business Cards.
We are now showing an extensive range of the following lines :
Snow Shovels, all sizes,
Axes, Cow Chains, Buck Saws, Cross-Cut Saws from $1.60 np.
We handle the Celebrated Maple Leaf Brand.
9
MEDICAL.
DR. STACKHOUSE,
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
SHAWVTLLE - - QUE.Iin umpbrtakinq
Surgeon Dentist,
LOWEST PRICES.
BEST GOODS.
I also keep a complete stock of if une ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
F. Me A« McNâughtoHi B.^., M.D.,C.M.
A. SMILEY.
The Best Assortment
The Largest StocK
See our range of Heavy Rubbers, Moccasins, Mitts and Gloves.
A good Oil Tan Moccasin from $1 up.
Graduate of McGill Université,’
Office—Residence of the late Dr. II. H Knox, Shawvllle.
Office noarm -Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
District and Country.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
LINES
Written In loving memory of William Dagg, who died November ID. 1901.
and
i
Robes! Hobos! Robes!
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University. Toronto; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
Of net asd Risn>i*ce : J. II AausTnow/s House, MAIN STREET
Dearest father, thou hast left urn,
Left us for a brighter home—
Thou art gone from earth to heaven, There to wear a starry crown.
Oh yes, dear father, how wc miss you ! More than any tongue can tell ;
Oh, how hard It was to part thee,
And to say fhe last fare-well !
Your face so sweet and peaceful,
Your white hands folded on your breast
Just one glance at your dear features, Told us you were save at rest.
CiOtl has called thee home to heaven, There to join His glorious band.
There towing His praises ever,
With His angels round the throne.
of Goods may be seen at
Genuine Saskatchewan Buffalo Robes.
SHAWVILLE
J. F. GRONAUS
LEGAL.
Third Consignment Ladies’ Caperines just in.
See them quick. They are fast sellers.
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L, L, L
LADYSMITH,
who keeps all the staple lines of
F« HQTM>TMR. j Dry Goods, Clothing, Boots & Shoes, Groceries,
Hardware, Crockery, Paints, Oils, &c.
If you want the Best Goods at the Lowest Prices make your purchases at J. P. Grouau's.
All kinds of Farm Produce taken in exchange.
I

ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
o
WM. GAMBLE,
J
BARR	*	•»	j Gone t0 ujm on whoin you've trusted
Room 20, Trust Building, No. 4S Sparks | your sufferings now Is o'er,
"	Prating here and meeting yonder
eeting those who’ve gone before.
, St., Ottawa, Ont.	I ;
ahâWTllle, iecond and fourth Thursday | Meeting those who’ve gone
This precious one from us Is gone His voice wc loved is stilled ;
That place is vacant in our home Which never can be filled.
P, 8.—This Store closed Nov. 28—Thanksgiving.
At
of each month.
d^Hee—over O. F. Hodglne' Store,.Main 8t
SALE OF
MILLINERY STOCK
John W. McRae of Ottawa Accidentally Shot.
GEO. C. WRIGHT,
A new R. C. church to cost 1100,000	. T u w ur u
.¦tube erected at Little Farm in the	On Friday last John W. McRae, one
suburbs of Hull.	of Ottawa's best known and most enter
prising business men, accidentally shot Dsvid Shepherd has placed in his mta-	^i^lf dead on Friday morning in his
Phone No. 1324.	Mes at Pembroke 175 head of cattle to be	offioe in the Be„ Telephone building
Attends courts of	Ottawa	and	I ont me	,tali-fsd during the winter.	Queen St., Ottawa. Cleaning a revolver
District*.	I	fo Dp j A gparliog»4 departure he exploded one of the cartridges, which
from Doug's* to Pembroke he was ten	entered below the chin, coming oat at
dered a banquet by the citizens of	the top of the head and causing almost
Douglas.	instant death. The asd accident which
„ ..	«	„	, . D happened at exactly teni has called forth
1 Grove Cottage r arm, owned by K.	0f the sincereat sorrow on the
------	White, reeve of Pembroke township, hss	^ Ottawa's citiens, among whom
Xt Shaw ville 3rd Thursday each month,	been purchased by Michael Ureeee ©I	| Mf McRae hid always been a moving
At request attendu Courts in District of Bromley township Pontiac. Prompt collections and immediate remittances. Special attention to correspondents.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC-i
OF THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
Trust Building—
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
-AT-
HEAP
C
H|rs. McWilliams’
ShawviUe.
on
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L
ADVOCATE. Ac..
LAW CHAMBKRS }
i
Sale to commence on Nov. 15th and to continue till Dec. 15th.
MAIN STREET, HULL, • • QUE.
From Bankrupt Stock.
Goods will be disposed of in bulk or by
private sale.
Trimmed and untrimmed HATS will be sold at wholesale prices.
Two only Sharp's, 21-inch round barrel, 56 cal., rim fire, single shot ; weight 7 lbs. Price $5 each.
Sharp's Repeaters—8 shots, 56 cal., centre fire ; weight 8) lbs. Price $8.00 each.
Spencer Carbine—single shot, 56 cal., rim fire ; weight lbs. Price $8.
One only Spencer Musket—31 inch barrel, 7 shots, 56 cal., rim fire. Price $8.
One only Springfield Musket—31 inch barrel (second hand but in good order); cal. 45.70, centre tire, at $f>.
Ballard Carbine, .44 cal., rim fire ; weight 7 lbs Price $7.
left * Two only Kentucky Ballards—46 cal., rim fire, 96 inch barrel. Price
$7 each.
First come, first served. Write to
We
epirt, active, energetic and enterprising
Despite the care taken, smallpox ham •gam broken out in the two Pern-	Devoured by Wolves.
broke families which previous’y suffer-	-
ed from it. The Standard wants the horrible fate or a gatiniau man.
?own to erect a permanent isolation	-
hospital.	The Montreal Gazette of Friday last
S3 mm
Oe IV M	1	'	A Western Ontario publisher recently the next day's work. Nut returning dur
NOTARY	N0TAR\ FOR T H h |oe(i e delinquent subscriber for 114,40 ing the night and wolves being heard in
KEL1 CO?,OF ONTARIO.	and got it in spite of the usual defence— the vicinity, a party started to look fur
money to loan on 1ASY terms.	11 never ordered it, " The court evidently the missing man, and they had not gone
• BRYSON, - - QUE.	thought somebody had been reading the far before it became evident that their
Will be in ShawviUe on Tuesday and Sat- paper during the time that bill was ac- worst fears had been realized. The hungry urday of every week.	cumulating and should pay for i».	anima’» had overpowered the poor fellow
,_ SsSifS^È SS$Hw£r“
iSSlP ptfii JËggË llllll-s-a-E
The Kingston Whig says that two King- unfortunate boy whose tragic death has ^Qd^lriTtiUW the mine with deadly reports gathenog 52	gill ne e set in	Cana-
ston hunters encountered m the country naturally caused much sorrow m the	’ nd imoke. It is impossible to give dmn waten, east of	Middle and	1 elee
sarjms-* su, st rave ws ,2?;	Fr-T-t “73
ye,r.. And yet good people «pend freely Heweton', camp, ne«r Birk Like.	A, soon ». the men became sware of D|inn took a run out and gathered In the
on fereign mi,a,on, when home tr.Tell.ng	-- 	the danger, efforts were made to reach	. **• 0n“"» G'herte, depart-
- "" sstjssi. aasa
on the r own side of the line. The Petrel which is doing good service, will not go into winter quarters for some time.
have only a few
In addition to stock will also be sold HAT STANDS, LAMPS, 1 JEWELL WOOD STOVE and SINGER SEWING MACHINE-
W. W. IRELAND,
as I leave for Mon
McDOUŒALL & CUZNER, Hardware Merchants, -
Sussex St. Ottawa.
Aylmer, adjutant general of the Canadian force#, who now succeeds to the title.
was so filled with smoke that it was six hours before rescuing parlies could penetrate the m opes where the less fortunate were. Seventeen dead have been removed from the mine so far. The engineer, Hugh J. O’Neil was found alive, but is cot expected to recover. No list of the dead is obtainable at this time.
PATENTS
Perish in Flames
NEXRI.Y 100 LIVES LOST IN A COLORADO
PROMPTLY SECURED
Write for our interesting books " Inreat-
Yankee Poachers
Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Rejected application hare often been successfully prosecuted by us. We )conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal land Washington ; this qualifies us to prompt jly dispatch work and quickly secure Patent as broad aa the invention. Highest reference! furnished.
Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special notice without charge in over ioo newspapers distributed throughc the Dominion.
Specialty Patent business of Manufacturers and Engineers.
MARION & MARION
, Plient Experts end Solicitors.
)	. f New York Life B’ld’g, lontraal
(Offices. J Atlantic Bldg,Washington D.C.
HOTELS.
St. Lawrence Hall,
out
at this point for some time and Captain Dunn took a run out and gill nets. Tue Ontario !
Mrs C M. McLean,
Propriety###*
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-class Livret Attached.
*
Atex. Skinner, who a few year* ago
¥ WATCHMAKER
H- —-	EFEH'SE EB
“'"or Attempt to Burn Hamilton Clnldiln milit, during the rebel; ion of With which, it.ort bins, machiner, and

The Games That College Girle


play
•# )

m
In its January issue The Ladies’Home Journal will present s double-page of photographs illustrating more fully than has ever been done before the athletic side of a girl’s life at college. These pic. lures were taken in the largest girl's schools in this country, mod they will show all the various eporta in which tho young women of to-day are indulging. It will be tha second installment of this magazine’# new 44 picture-story ” of 44 What a girl does at College, '' which is being presented in a series of one or more than à hundred photograph.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
1
a%
To boy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer amd Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
T*'.
5»


# m
m
A SrenAMTT


mine


###PAGE###6###



I
1
Î tho UolF, nml no doubt acting under orders from tho other."
'Ti wisely; and that other must be a criminal of some mark to secure the services of such a thorough-paced v scoundrel ns thin
Cara pat a on our side."
"How?"
"I shall have him arrested within V half an houi
cd of complicity In those on tho Seine
v v ?> *?* * •>	%">•>' y.MH"K*v ’X4»>
*•* * »***

X



*:
HIS
-<h

V

*
The Untimely

But wo will got


I ILL-GOTTEN
ï-
/
/
End of

y
A
:
:
v
%
:


\
Joseph Devso.
/
i.
I know ho is suspect-
robberies
¦¦¦¦¦illo is
band, nud wo have only hesitated to lay our hands on him because wo wanted to entrap thorn all at one

WEALTH.
?>
%
'i

V
y
•%
•>
?
:

v ?!*»!?•!• *î* •!* I v v %* v
to sen you
2
VIUlCEDINU dangers
Ol
onto mi ore
BVNOPS13
CHAPTklKS,—Securities vanish ft oav again
the strong-room o( Candalent, l>aady So great was tho influence of thin and Waldo, bankers. Mr. 1 usko of extraordinary umn over Fnmhcttc Scotland Yard is called in to solve that sho drank in with avidity those the mystery. There are two keys tender expressions, and believed to tho strong-room—ono held by Mr. them, every word.
Waldo, partner, the other by Mr. ,	« You know, Leon," she said
Surtees chief cashier. 'Uno luvvt has two children, Hob anil doses-phino. Ho reproaches Bob. who is extra .’ttgant subaltern with AS* pirations Vo the hand of lleler.a
««if»*
No. yon shall bo a JMitvvhiouoP».
; I uyi a Marquis pggg its in the Isle of Wight, and and again visit
coup
"Well, hut whan you have arrested him how much nearer shall wo bo to unmasking our friend tho Marquis?”
*1 know this Cumpatn; ho has played la musiqtM before now have used him as a spy at Musas, and now, after ho has been a few hours in the depot of the Prefecture, lie will gladly let out the whole story on u promise of being sot free."
• 1 \L
X
m
t,


s
/

(
l
tm
you
homme, my first iuuI only While you are true to mo 1 ready to follow you all over the
%
P
are mon low.
k»
am

un
world."
back to England
am
You Will go
4c
"But you have not got him yet?
"That's an easy matter; ho is not yet out of sight. lx»t us walk a little faster, Monsieur, ami you can assist at tho arrest."
A few minutes more and they had overtaken the voyou. Daunt, acting under Joburd's instructions, placed himself on one side of Carapatu, Jobard himself ranging upon the other. Two ordinary sergents de ville, at n signal from Jobard, followed close
2k
r.
«j
w

lude. Mrs. Waldo missis some pcs u nd «c-cuses Josevhtno p
thoit Sr It" haul llaviit. m Wno nl least ns nm eh n with Jooepl.ine, meets the Murqujs W(, will take ,i vllln soinewhei <lv Oio Yerdo 10 whom tiob lost pis country, or in tho
detect»vo t<> watch j bIiuII only now MrS. Waldos
\K SOUTH AFRICA- AN 1NDA11A HELD AT THE KRAAL OF THE C’UlEfc
of/m YEOMANRY. IN THE NORTH LO MAJUNDA DISTRICT.
TUI', OUKIULLA WAM’AUI
SII’OLILO 1IY CAl’TAIN I’l.AKl
lùvisUuico is useless,” whispered
we arc four to one. You
Walk on
¦; The inside of this rccop-i tilde, however, is peculiarly fitted up with u plate ruck arrangement, and
THEY STEAL THERMOMETERS ond doc.!Utorn lit comfortably. Thin AND DOORMATS*
ONTARIO MINING
money and sets a him and Kanchette maid.
I stone hag
SPECIALISTS IN CRIME
¦	¦	¦	¦ I I	the hitter. |__ .
Hi When shall wo be married?” asked had Letter come quietly I’anthvttv. rather anxiously. ‘ Hero, without paying any attention until I before we leave?”	get a fiacre."
,*..yursÈir ss v" « km Jsrrz&zt zrss
» if. %	= STJSUriSSTZ 2%
0, m '	,	,	. unir its but all to it once to tied: meanwhile, let us go Tho moment the door was shut the
nn'Xmrnosc She .Td tlh » shock. K» break fa.tt-chcz Koyot-il U «„!.• ...isoncr was made safe by means of
"„(1 was evidently sore afraid.	“	»" * 1,wttP- 1,r ,u‘r,wv cord-	ln"
Kor the next two or three days she remained invisible, and when, finally	CHAPTER XX\ .
she appeared, she certainly looked	Haunt, let ns drop his u
weak and ill.	(	that he is about to act as
"I am truly delighted,” said M figain, regained his apartment Joliau. on seeing her at the door oî What chafed and disappoint her little room at the hack of the su,|tjcn reappearance oi tho Marquis, sho]>, as he was passing down nm| the failure of his plans. i he stairs. "Truly delighted	to see you	onjy tiling that consoled him	was
out and about again, but	Madame is	tliat the pie cnee of the Marquis	in	Jn ordt;r	t0 mako jt	0f pleasing and
Mill soutirante, 1 fear.	Paris might load to lus identification appetizing appearauce, and lit for the
"Monsieur is most sympathetic and	pv t|ic French detective police.	board	in	tho home that self con-
1 wish 1 had	more utnh	i Haunt prepared to give «¦ ect	to	KtauUS	Knglishtnan	conjures as his
this idea directly completing his toiCilh|k.t oversea raised meat that has 11c took his hat and rallied ^ovn ,rozcu to preserve it requires to forth, having loft instructions with [e lh,iwv(1 suy9 the London Daily M1 have been B<t Madame Jobard to keep an eye on ws 'pho hater process is the j^ihe victim, have Fanchetlc.	hast lovely of any, and it is wasto*
ful, to boot—Wasteful of those qvali-tivs m tho meat which make not only for toothsomeness nutrition as well. \	JH
oi the void storage chamber frozen or chilled meat at once begins to absorb whatever moisture or humidity there may be in the atmosphere;t ho carcass becomes wet and clammy, and eventually it begins to "weep"
All of which is far from
town
Output for Last Nino Months Breaks tho Record.*
CHAPTER XXIV
The greatly increased, development of Ontario metalliferous mince is
gentleman, too, works in conjunction
M"? ISSiEz!	HE
who nightly despoil station yards These show an aggregate of $2,8L2.-Just as the most eminent physi- f|m, coai.whUrves. One gang of 003, compared with $2.641,181 for ciaus and barristers devote their at- .]un,|)jC8i» &«* tho coal-thieves are the whole oi 1VU0, or a proportion-tention to one particular disease or ,,rofeKSi0'naiiy termed, managed some uto increase of about 48 i>or cent, branch of the law, to do profession- [wo or thrcc ycnrs ngo to steal over This is the highest, production yet al thieves specialize.	f< rty tons of coal in a week from reached by the mines of this Pro-
Tho topmost rung of the ladder variull„ xMiarves and sidings. It Is Vince. Tho increase 1ms every sign among purloincre of other people’s curiuUS that they were tracked to of permanency, as it is made up property is occupied by tho safe- (h(lj|. ,air through some of the coal largely of iron and nickel, of which breaker, and, occupying that, n man itse]f One of the carts in which they the*e is an abundant supply for the would just as soon think of going in rvm()Ved the stuff happened to have future. The following table shows for other branches of knavery as an <(,vcral }10|es jn its bottom, nnd tho production and value of the :: eye specialist would think of ampu- 1hr(>u'gh these holes small particles tpcctivc minerals luting an arm. And even snfehreak- k t dropping. By following an ir-ing is sub-divided into classes. There reglliar trail of dust and small coir- Iron ore, tons is the breaker of bank-safes in strong b)cs f()l. n distance of about a mile Pig-iron, tons rooms, and there is the breaker of au(j a jmjf the police next morning Nickel, Tbs... the ordinary office and warehouse traco(i the gang to their very door. Cooper, lbs... safe.	"Another branch of knavery which Arsenic, Tbs...
It would Kocm, indeed, as n every ha8 lm,duced its specialists in re- Cold, ounces other branch of purloining has its c<mt yoftrB js (he purloining of the Silver, ounces particular votaries, who stick to contc‘nts 0f show-cases. You know Zinc ore, tons . lay.” to the	what 1 mean. Dentiste, for example,
are wont to display sets of false
like a score of short sentences for moœber8 of tho light-fingered fniter-
H88S IBB11SH
*¦*
usuiilly buys—in order to avert mus- tire, to Ul0 ,mri0ining of rolls of
picion—a briar pipe for a quarter or cloth from thp entrances of tailors' two. The man I am talking about has been, to my knowledge, engaged in this peculiar ‘lay* for fifteen years, and. in seems still
A Detective
Queer Things That Are
Stolen.
stead of humlculTs by the French police and the whole party went to the depot <*f the Prefecture.
To be Continued.

no
1
hit
9-
, some-ed at the
TIIAWIITG FROZEN MEAT
New Way of Treating Refrigerated
Eeef and Mutton.
re-
value
Quantity 210,014 $ 224,646 87,888	1.296,644
6,618,191 5,950,428 976,054 .1 1,008 98.200
kind
friends
787,214 280,876 80,432 180,294 6 8,707 2,000
"You may rely on my devotion ana je*te discretion
1 am wholly yours
Monsieur,
wronged I and caused such grievous wrong to oth-
tlmt 1 would gladly re- #]1C
Oh
If Uiey go out," he said, si jly op togethei them, and the first chance send word
she or follow
400
own
one
man
ers—wrongs pair if I could
"Why not. at jonce unburden your to the VrufcctmiV’ heart? Tull mu all your trouble.’ News cniuc about no m What is it you have done? '	from Delphine to the chef de )«i Eui
"It was not my doing—at least I t.tc. It was ns follows:—
Left Hue du Bac at twelve
w at break last chez l ’oyot
but also oi When taken out
EXCLUSION OF ALL OTHERS

A note
Art
yielded to the persuasions of tin? man 1 thought 1 lined. He is a villain.
1 bave sacri ccd everything to him, Vaiq
yet still he peri utes me, and lean- Accompanied by Daunt in	, OP uri|,
not escape him.”'	disgui v Jotard took post opposite ^otty, ûn(| does everything else but
Surely you are alarming yourself p ool's, t,ut quite another half-hour ; cnilut‘lCC t|le value ol the commodity.
Remember the law @1 appel before Fanchctto ami U
Marquis left the restaurant. J They seemed to have no of reluming to the Rue du line. Moth
Rue
!
. ; nickel from to $737,214 for the find,
unnecessarily.
(.in protect you "Not from him!” cried Fanvhetlc
olmoi t I»/ stci ica lly she cried
A New Zealander, A. A. Vnupman, hailing from North Utago, lias come
•Jung with a simple patented contri-I Hi	H	value for the treatment of frozen
which docs with all that
voice)"	people who had breakfasted well. Tht 1S im|,ictwa*t and restores to it its
It came from a gentleman who at Marquis, with his coat thrown open @ i%inal qualities, and, what is that moment was inquiring for was enjoying a full-flavored cigar, ^mrc, its perfectly natural color, lie Madame Foi rat in the shop, and who while Fanchctto hung on his arm c.tns ^ • d ,.y thawing,” and it Lethe next minute walked, quite with- with n pleased simper on her face, ns j|Ig U8Ct| w|\h eminently satisfactory out ceremony into the inner room. though this were happiness indeed. rc.sults by one of the largest firms of ''Leon! I knew it. What brings | They passed together into the Lux- importers and salesmen m timithticld
cm bourg Cardens, and stayed there j market. Instead of being exposed to It was the Marquis; dressed as us- |under Die shade of the trees.	the open air, Mr. Chapman’s method
ual, with florid precision in tight- do hard followed, nlciv ; Heurt js to ,,jate the meat as it comes out filling frock-coat, and looking from (0 ,)d see him circling round and : ()f ,j (, col(, vha4ntcr in an airtight the top of his shiny hat to the tips round, till presently he approach* d mackintosh envelope, and alter it has of his shiny boots, quite the noble- the same seat. There lie took out a so |lUng for a number of hours it man—from Cuba.	newspaper and composed himself to l:om0:i out 4l beautiful color, dry and
"Tiens!” he begun,	in a mocking	rend.	hard, which is by	way of being retone, "I fear I am de	trop. Fray	, nis proximity did not	seem to dis-	mnrknblo	in point	of contrast	with
tell me if 1 intrude Who	arc	you?’’	turb the Marquis in	the least, and	thc wct flabby, ill-colored and some-
he went on, finding Fanchctto	could	j u,,. time <at there together, side by	tim. s evil smelling stuff that has
W—1^—not	The	ths
" Pierre Joliou, at your service and j Vaunt was wondering how long thi'; .<lrv thawing" process is that the
Madame’b, t lie honor of whose ac- waiting game would last, when a atmospheric vapors are condensed cm quaintnnee I am proud	to	enjoy.	frcsh turn was given	to tho advvn-	the outside of the mackintosh cover,
Who. pray, are you?”	turc by the approach	of a disreputa-	an(1 not on the surface tissues of the
"A much older friend of madame—| hie looking ruffian, whom Haunt, ns carcass. Publicity is all that is re-Poirat? yes, Foirat—than you, and	he passed, recognized iv	the man who	qU|rtK^ to	bring the	system into	great
one who has far more	right to be	had spoken to Fanchctto in tho i ms	demand,
here."	do Boulogne. This man, more seedy
and 1 appeal to and miserable than ever, slouched up
to where the Marquis and the others
wire seated.
ntcntioi
Mon Hit
t
is that?
what
you here?
ore
VARIETIES OF KISSES
- /	4 .• 1 f	Someone with plenty of time on
The very queerest kind of th:cv- hlfj handN has conceived the idea of
spite of repeated captures. I^hose rve ‘«Uready L/uLsd Tre	Enîli^novel.^ts' for the
pretty queer ; but a few years ago	0 of gathering all the tidjec-
¦	un old lag/ who is now serving a	with which to qualify the word
Another man of my professional long term for jewel robbery, assured ..kiKS •• The result of bis labor acquaintance devotes the whole of me that, for the first two years of h&t kisst,s Cftn be as follows 0©W, his time of liberty to literature. His his criminal career, ho had stolon warm icy burning, chilly, cool, lov-plan is to haunt railway bookstalls nothing but thermometers. Pia- . indifferent, balsamic, fragrant.
second-hand shops, where there mends and gold were, comparatively bljs's(ul passionate, aromatic, with is a big outside show. Ho wears a speaking, without the least tempi a- teal!s bedewed, long, soft, haRty, Incoat with inside pockets constructed tion for him > but the mere sight of t()XjlC^yngi dissembling. delicious,
, and he is marvel- j a thermometer, cither inside or out- . ufl tendcr beguiling, hearty, dis-at concealing therein : side a house, at once created in him £	^ frantic, fresh as the romn-
hc takes a fancy an intense longing to possess it Re	breathing lire, divine, glad, f*u-
cofifesseil to having stolen over 2o0 }icia, <lX1i0t, loud, fond, heavenly, "Read them ? Well that I couldn’t of those instruments.	, devouring, ominous, fervent, parch-
tell you. But, if he does, it isn't the	------4------- iing nervous, soulless, stupefying,
prime object of his taking them, for UNLUCKY NAMES FOR SHIPS, flight, careless, anxious, painful.
EtL'HrEHtEl" ? -&£-25 ":s:	*
his own home, over
discovered, packed up ready for sale, to	I	I	I
foy it appears he worked in connec- bra, !he Serpent was lost with near-
tion with some more or less rascally ly all her crew, the Wasp was wreck-bookseller.	cd with heavy loss of! Troy Island,
"Whnt do you think of a man who and a second Wasp, a gunboat, dis-
shops
TO PERSIST IN 11

is
not bring herself to speak
or
especially large lously quick any books which
?
"That I deny Madame herself."
"jJ am her tummccd husband," coolly replied the Marquis. "How can your claim equal mine?”
"Monsieur is my neighbor Eunchctte, speaking timidly and for the first time; "he called merely to inquire after my health."
"And having had his answer he should have retired.”
M. Joliau took the hint, and rising from the chair, walked out.
' Who L that old fool?" the Marquis asked, long before M. Joliau there must be danger near was out of hearing. "Has he asked with that he stole a furtive glance you to marry him?”	at his companion on the bench, n
"Not in so many words; but 1 iglance which M. Jobard bore with have been long expecting him to imperturbable self-possession.
Come
DRAMATIC TABLEAU
to
Remarkable Snap-Shot Picture of!
a Fatal Drink.
Here! What lie has per-
Carapatn. i brings him, 1 wondt r said Laps something to say
The fellow came closer, and seemed on the point of speaking to tho Mar-when he suddenly halted, I
What!
"The most remarkable simp-shot picture in the world is owned by a friend ui mine in o town in Georgia/ say s
graphe:
i, stage.
_ .. i——o— —
steals China and glass, and very lib- appeared in a typhoon, never to HAD A HEM TO STORY tic else ? It sounds incredible, be heard of again. In consequence of „pid vou RC#; the account of that doesn’t it ? But I know such a man. this double disnstc» to ships named	of‘lightning that burnt the hair
Considering the fragile nature of the Wasp, that name has been struck	a boy's head without other-
goods, it would seem to be a difft- out of the Admiralty list of avail- . burling him ?” *T did," uncult job	I able names. In the past we have lost j KWfire<1 thc cheerful liar, "and I was
his
m enthusiastic amateur photo-\ "Its story is extremely curious. It seems Uiut ho went one day to a blacksmith shop to get a shot at the men at the forge. The smith was
piece of Iron work and helpers. Just behind them, on u shelf, was a pint flask of yellowish white liquor, evidently the corn whiskey for which thc native Georgian had a peculiar liking.
"As my friend was preparing to take his picture, one of thc hclpe-s caught sight of thc bottle and communicated his discovery by dumb show to his companion. The smith’s back was turned at the moment, and the first man reached stealthily for thc prize, while my friend unnoticed in the corner, quickly aimed his
It was a comical scene, and
quifl
Jaw fell, ho turned at one* heel ami walked quickly away
his
on
mut
I
“Sapcrlotte, it is ml rang* tered the Marquis between his teeth.
"Wht t	' H him. I wond
n
engage*! on a difficult
had two
Funchet le. I must know
have am 1 what thie ans." went cm the Ma
!quiti, as he rose and hurried after
A few steps sul *1 t «>
but. as they
alongside, C'a ru pat a said cxcib-
«- «w. «AT» iîÆsrüv°t» a=tig==rsssrs
and dishes ; but this man is an Cobra will be built, but should any-	f ft 'ClXSC that is really re-
adept at it. Busy market streets in thing happen to either of them the kahjc The lightning entered a suburban neighborhoods form his name of the other is almost certain-	^ ^op and not only uinter-
happy hunting-ground, and Saturday to be changed by the authorities in . thc task of singeing a
his favorite hunting-time, deference to the sentiment that pre- :. ,r hut ,t rung up the
unlucky Ümount on tho cash register.”
propose.
"And you would him? How about me?
I had no hopes of your keeping ("urapntn
said Fanchctto, rath- overtake the othci 1 have been disappointed
your promise er sadly again and again."
"Why did you leave Loudon when 1 wished you to remain there?”
"There was nothing more to be 1 had served vou as you Why should I continue my
i
came
cdly,
muu s
proper
eight is
II,. carries with him what, from the vails afloat concerning outside looks like an ordinary Glad- names.
Puss oi
"Don’t speak to me there is dun jer; la rousse
When?"
asked the Mat
"Where? quis, as lie passed.
"There! there on your very side Jobard had
camera
in his mind he had already named the photo ‘The Stolen Drink] helper uncorked the flask and took a
and his companion
Then
done, wished
hateful slavery with that horrible woman?"
"And you preferred Paris £o Lon-
Children Love to Take It
the bench, by
It was le Major '—
erved and earned a
of di urn-major i -» regiment
I oburrl,
The
swift gulp
snatched it and did likewise for a brief, breathless instant they looked at each other, and as they you? Gome to j did so their grin gave way to such a of Fere Ibivabas to-night | store of questioning horror us 1 ever
4 t And without, waiting saw before upon a lu man face I
know, because it was tien that the camera clicked and the picture fs ns clear as crystal. The flask contained carbolic acid.
"Within an hour both men were dead. When roy friend took one print ho broke the negative, so as to make the photograph absolutely uhique. It shows the forward end of thc shop. In thc foreground is
the smith bending Behind him arc the
grade
of thc line— le Major, M
of the cleverest from the cuisine
don?
And so Listen to roe.
"Paris and independence would you, Leon Why not settle down here? We might be so happy together, Leon. JUy business prospers; I urn making money fast- honestly too all your great schemes, I beseech
It Cures Them of Coughs, Colds Croup, Bronchitis, Sore
Throat and Whooping Cough.
Olio
(Prefecture)." "Where can I sec
And
the hi I lint* at twelve, for mi answer the Marquis ami couchette walked quickly to the nearest cab station, then, taking there a fiacre, were driven rapidly away.
White this little episode was in pro-lobanl had mode u sign to

Give up
you. Think of the risks You will be far happier in n quiet life.”
Thc Marquis sat. there, thoughtfully, and without speaking for a time.
he said at length; "It is impossible. 1 cannot withdraw yet; things arc too complicated; there e will be too much danger in it: T must see them to the end
which strikes a chill to every mother's heart. You can Turpentine. It has stood thc test.
gross
Daunt, who came near.
hr asked, uneasily
No
What
Dr. Chase’s Syrup of
Linseed and Turpentine.
Well,;
CPS»?"
Not much, hut still something Besides, don’t know thc man himself
do his friend—one of the worst ruffian» that ever haunted tho barriers
get at what w<

thc anvil, with over his work, twd helpers, one stiW holding looking atHgHlHÊÊH can see tragedy i es print. It*is malic tablent
duplicated by*a
hut 1
an you 1 now. Even now I
I cannot live in Paris it is not safe for me am risking much in being hen a hen ! heard that this old fool was
won—when 1
thc
You
in their eycn ns plain a frightful and dra-thnt could not ny sort of art
each other
We shall, 1 hope, want through him "1 have seen ...
Be sure Uk#
There are other preparations of lineced and turpentine put up in imitation of D**- - v #e portrait and signature of Dr. A. W. Chase are on the bottle you buy. 35 cent * tx tun. time- os much, 60 cents. All dealers or Kdmaneee. Dates & Co., Toronto.
DJfdly sise, thrts
that fellow before,
who ws
ill watching Fane he tie, as l told you, m
paying his add
thought that you were forgetting me 1 bravely set out, ready to face ¦
tH*
S t
said Daunt







###PAGE###7###
DD

WHY THERE IS HO 'MNIL
HOW THE CHINESE GET RAIN
GOSPEL OF HEALTH
ADVICE FOB SMOKERS.
rams mes cannot buï
and agent# from most of the European museums have sought to buy it. Princess Beatrice alone offered $100,000; but this is far below the mark, and the top price so far is $205,000, made on behalf of Mr. Rockefeller, of the Standard Oil Trust. But the aged owner, who has a small but comfortable annuity, has never parted with a square inch of it. There are over 200 pieces, worth from $150 to $1,500 a yard, and oven the less perfect portions would cause a buzz of admiration at any court function ing coronation is suro to bring more offers than one; but it is certain that, while the owner lives, not a scrap of it will bo sold.
Peculiar Practice In Vogue in the Celestial Kingdom.
It is one of the peculiarities of the Chinese that, while they have developed elaborate philosophies, none of them has led to any confidence in the uniformity of nature. Neither the people nor their rulers have any fixed opinion as to the causes of rain-fall. The plan in some provinces when the need of rain is felt is to borrow a god from a neighboring district and petition him for the desired result. If his answer Is satisfactory ho is returned to his home with every mark of honor; otherwise ho may bo put out in the sun, as a hint to wake up and do his duty. A bunch of willow is usually thrust into his hand as will bo sensitive to moisture.
Another plan in extensive use is the building of special temples in which arc wells containing several iron tablets. When there is a scarcity of ruin a messenger starts out with a tablet, marked with the date of the journey and the name of the district making the petition. Arriving at another city he pays a sum of money and is allowed to draw a new tablet from the well, throwing in his own by way of exchange. On the return journey ho is supposed to cat only bran and travel at top speed day and night. Sometimes he passes through districts as greatly in need of rain ns his own. Then the people in these places waylay him and temporarily borrowing his tablet get the rain intended for another place.
l’rnyers are usually L.adc in the fifth and sixth months when the rainfall is always due, and a limit of ten days is set for their effective operation. Under such conditions rain usually falls during the prescribed time. When the prayers are in progress the umbrella, among other objects. comes under the ban. In some provinces foreigners have been mobbed for carrying this harmless article at that time.
A Few Hints on How to Preserve
Your Health.
To be healthy is the natural state, and diseaso is, in nine cases out of ton, our punishment for eome indiscretion or excess, says a writer.
Every time we are ill it is a part of our remaining youth which wo squander. Every recovery, whether from headache or pneumonia, is accomplished by a strenuous effort of vitality, and is, therefore, a waste of your capital of life.
The host plan to avoid illness is to live regularly, simply, with a frugality that stupid persons alone will deem painful or eccentric. Sleep eight hours in every twenty-four.
Ventilate the rooms you work and sleep in, Very few people, even among those who think they are well up in modern Ideas, have any conception of what ventilation means. Even when my voico was the only thing I had loft in the world 1 slept with my window wide open, summer and winter, and never caught cold in that way.
Examine seriously into your list of social obligations, have the good sense that there is neither pleasure nor profit in most of what you regard us essential in that line, and simplify your social life—simplify it all you can.
Complicated living brings worry, and worry Is the main enemy of health and happiness—the one fiendish microbe that does more to destroy the health and happiness of mankind than any other.
Make your homo a pleasant place, cheerful, but well within your means.
If You Must Smoke Do It ’Vlth
Leisurely Puffs.
VARIOUS PLANS StfOH£N OF, BUT NONE ADOPTED.
ORJtAT WEALTH THAT STAYS
IN COTTAGES.
Thoro arc many pipe smokers who
beat
do not know how to get the there is out of their indulgence. The great point in pipb smoking is to smoke slowly. Ncrvou» smokers smoko too rapidly and burn their tongue» with hot smoko, beside» failing entirely to get the fullest and best flavor out of the tobacco is nil a matter of habit, but slow smoking 1» a habit which it Is hard for some people to acquire. In some pipe smokers have tried for years to check their smoking speed without success. They began llatc, ond the habit of rnpid smoking Is shaken off with difficulty when it Is once acquired.
Rapid smoking is as bad as rapid
It is also “had
The Most Famous Bed in the World—Antique Silver That Can’t Be Bought.
Thors arc Eot many wealthy collectors In Europe who have not tried in vain to buy the magnificent carved oak . bod and overhanging» belonging to Mr. John Eustace, a yeoman humor, at Elmer's Farmhouse, just outside Upton, says London Answer».
This is one of the moat famous beds in the world, and was slept in by t^mrios I.; and Mr. Eustace has refused sums varying from $75,000 up to-,1125,000. It oven beats in value the two Louis XV. tablep which the Duke of Leeds sold last July for $75,000, and is really n splendid piece of work. The King of Denmark offered the fortunate farmer $00,000 for it five years ago; but the best offer was made last year by Mr. raramoro, the
AMERICAN MILLIONAIRE.
Rut it is the owner’s pride that, even dining the worst years of depression in farming, when an agriculturist is the un luck lost of all bread-winners, lie has boon able to point to the famous relic, and declare that, though nearly penniless, he hits refused a fortune on an average once a month, and the luck of the holr-loom always pulls him round again. The hod, which is of black oak, and over 850 years old, camo out of liothuno Castle 210 years ago, and no .banking account on earth can buy it. It will remain at IJpton as long as ils owner’s family lasts.	»
Princes, bankers and wealthy people of every class have for years tried to tempt the owner of the famous Els wick Pinto, containing 200 piece* of the most valuable antique silver known, to part with the treasure It Is in the possession of Mr Greaves Wright, of Norton, England, and is kept in tho room above the little estate office where he works daily Strong safes protect this beautiful collection, which the King has more than once made an offer lor, and for which the late Jny Oould sent Mr. Wright n blank cheque. The cheque was returned unfilled, and likewise the largest precise offer, amounting to
$200,000. WAS REFUSED.
Good Reason For Not Joining England to France «,* Scotland to Ireland.
The recent passage through • House of Lords Committee of the Bill for constructing a four mile tunnel beneath the Soient to *Jic Isle of Wight will certainly revive the Irish and <’hnnnel Tunnel schemes.
in 1881 the South-Eastern Unil-way at the instigation of Sir ward Walk in, seriously began the task of constructing a submarine highway across 1ho Straits of vcr. The Channel at this point is particularly well adopted for such undertaking, Its deepest sounding is only 210 feet, and excellent tunnel boring beds of grey chalk and chalk marl, each 225 feet thick, run between thu English and French coasts.
By means of the Beaumont pressed air borer, a seven-foot tunnel was pushed out from the English el do at tho raCe of fifteen yards per diem, until a total distance of 2,000 yards hod l>een attained, Then Parliament suddenly took fright at a French Invasion bogey, and the work was brought to a standstill
Eight years later, on the completion of tho Forth Bridge, Sir Joint Fowler and Sir Benjamin Raker proposed to throw a glorified replica <>f their great work across the twenty-four and
Folkestone and Grlsnez tho route was slightly widerU the Uovcr-Calals alternative, It had the advantage of passing over Varno and Colbort shoals, and ran throughout across a solid foundation of
WHITE AND BLUE CHALK.
This huge undertaking had J20 spans, ranging from 828 to 1,r»11 # feet, and gave a clearance of 180 feet at high tide. The piers were to be constructed ashore and floated out to their proper positions, large quantities of oil being employed to secure tho necessary calmness. The piers were to Ic used as lighthouses —their total cost being estimated at
It
The upproach-
COJBCS
Eft
too
UNEXPECTED ADVICE
Do-
80 mo time ago a man presented himself bel ore tho Liverpool magistrates with tho following tale:—
“Mo name is Patrick O'Connor, an' I lives at liens in my collar, but the waterpipos is burst, an' my hens are all drowned."
eating or worse form," whether it Is cigar, pipe or cigarette. The smoking should deliberate In order to gut tho fullest enjoyment. It is especially *> with a pipe. Many persons i 'J smoked nil their live# and yet do not know how to smoko. It is as painful to watch some people smoke os it is to sit at tho table with a man who "gobbles" and “gorges" his food on “fifteen - minutes - for - refresh-
en

Street, an’ I kapes
com
“Well, my good man, wo can do nothing for you; you had better apply to tho water company," was all tho advice ho got.
A few days later the same man appeared with precisely the same talc.
“You were hero a few days ago, and wo advised you to go to tho water company. Did you do so?"
“I did, ycr honors."
"And what dill they say to you?"
"They told me to kapo ducks!
tho
mon Is" plan.
Tho deliberate pipe smoker gets out of 10# pipe an enjoynent of which the zapid smoker has no inkling. A cigar which has once gone out ha# Its flavor ruined forever, for nothing is more obnoxious to tho sens# of smell than a newly extinguished “butt."
But it makes no difference to the flavor of a pipe how many times it goes out. Fastidious pipe smokers always have at least two pipes at hand and never refill one until it is
This is a help a reason-
• 9
NOT PLEASANT FOR SMOKERS
a half miles separating
Although t huri
When the lute President Faure, of France, died many rumors were abroad ns to tho exact cause of his death. It is now alleged that ho fell a martyr to excessive smoking. It scorns that ho was In the habit of j entirely cooled off smoking fifteen cigars q day, and he toward good smoking and was deaf to every remonstrance on ftblo life in a pipe. A good way to the part of his friends. Furthermore tell if you are smoking too fast is ho affected a certain special foreign to hold the bowl of the pipe in your brand of weed, and had accumulated hand. If it is too hot to be held such a largo hecatomb of victims with comfort, then you know that when he died that it was calculated y0ur smoking speed is too great there was enough to last him for Good tobacco, n good pipe and de-four years. M. Loubet hits no inton- libera tones# are the prime essentials tion of ending his existence in this in pipe smoking. Eat slowly, smoko way, so lie has already got rid of the slowly, drink never ; so shall you deceivers.	live long in the land and enjoy the
f u 111 < ''S
the
NALUE OF THE KING'S GROWN
Tho crown worn by King Edward at his Coronation will bo enlarged, but its weight will he kept down to the lowest possible degree that it has become an object of great interest after a long seclusion many questions are rife concerning it. The man in the street, who is most impressed by tho cash value of an object rather than by its historic sentimental associations, is particularly anxious to know how much the crown is worth. The question^® more
Now
or
CHESTNUTS
Where They Come From and Their
Many Uses.
is
easily asked than answered.	.	...	.
Sixty years ago the crown was va I - fifteen millions—whilst the iron »u-ued at something like a hundred and | perstructure ran into Another i.me-thirteen thousand pounds, but it i.« teen miUions. T he entire work, was considered that the gems have a to use up a million tons of st«*e . higher value now apart from that nn<l occupy twelve years In con-which historic importance confers fltructlon; but the scheme sti. mi-
SUGGESTION FROM JAVAN.
It la the custom on the birth of a
The work of cultivating the chcst-
----I	mi i i	i tree and preparing the nuts for
Japanese baby to plant a tree. Hus | A mile Irishman, smoking a short t|lC market is carried on to a very
is carefully tended untl, the party is ' c]ay pipC entered tho crowded inn of iarg,, cxt<nt in France; the centre of is carefully tended until the party is ft gaarket town, walked up to the thjs industry is Lyons, but in many about to be married, when it is cut ^ar, elbowed several customers ft- 0f the departments the chestnut nf-down and made into an article of 6ide> took a match from the match- fords work for thousands of people furniture for the new homo. The gtaud on the counter, and then walk- q he chestnuts grown are of various custom might well be introduced into cd out without saying a word.	kinds and sizes. The two distinctive
this country, and in the case of small , q^0 a s t on i si hod barman gazed af- names are marron and châtaigne; tho boys tho branches of tho tree would	ancj wondered who ho was. former made It n o w n to us by the fa-
come in handy for knocking original , rp^o very next morning tho little mous marron glace, is a grafted spe-sin out of them.	Irishman walked into the same place j cles, while the latter grows wild. In
lit his pipe and then made his way 1 some parts of France, chestnuts form out again.	I a very important article of food ;
At the old-fashioned inns and res- As he reached the door tho bar- they arc boiled, pulverised and eaten tuurants in Sweden it is customary man called after him: “I say. who like mashed potatoes. Baked chest-to charge less for women than for are you?"	| nuts are sold from door to door in
men on the theory that they do The Irishman turned round and most towns and villages during the not cat so much. At some hotels in said, "You know me," then went . autumn and winter. In confection-Sweden n man and wife arc charged out.	cry, the chestnut occupies n con*plc-
as one and ont-lmlf persons if they Next day at the same time ho came uous place; every confectioner pro occupy tho same room. A husband again, helped himself to a match as pares them There arc large esUib-and wife inav travel ns one and one- usual, and lit his pipe. He was just i lishments all over the country where half persons by railway, ond also by Walking off when tho barman caught chestnuts are prepared during the post routes, furnishing their own him.	season; the largest of these is in
niirimre.	! "Who are you?" asked the barman. I Lyons, where more than -00 girl.
i "Oh, you know me," replied the and women are employed. No fewer Irishman.	than 25,000,0001b. of chestnuts arc
"No, I don't," said the barman, annually prepared by this firm, the Who arc you?"	| season lasting only four months.
"Why," was the cool reply. "I'm j The rest of tho year is devoted to
the man that comes in hero to light | the preserving of other fruits. 1 m
nuts are first peeled and then boiled
in clear water; then the inside skin is removed and they arc placed in
vanilla, in
COOL!
guishes.
Proposal» have frequently made for a more stable link between Scotland and Ireland
The Crown Prince of Germany, through his agents, made this offer, which Is tho last, as well as the biggest. Mr. Wright estimates that if he had been able to take all the various offers put together, the sum would reach nearly $10,600,000, and he Is fond or describing himself as "the $1,500-a-yeur millionaire." Ho f* absolutely Impervious to any offer from any source, and lias entailed the plate most strictly. It is not shown, as a rule, except by special arrangement; but anybody can see it by introduction. This collection came into the owner's family on the death of the last Lord Wentworth, and ho# no equal in any museum or private collection in Europe.
The splendid Thorne china, which ite the despair of wealthy collectors, Is also In a cottage, and one hardly big enough to hold it; but it is beautifully cared for. It belongs to Mr. Benjamin Wheelwright, who treasures it In his cottage at Clay-don; and there are 400 pieces—all priceless, and extremely beautiful in design. Old China enthusiasts continually besiege Mr. Wheelwright and the famous dealer, Joseph Burry offered him $80,000 only a year ago. But the finest offer was from Mr. Nathaniel Hubbard, tho New York "alkali" millionaire, who offered $100,000. and raised It by thousands to $150,000 in spite of Mr. Wheelwright's Intimation that he might ââ’.e himself the trouble, ns it
WAS NOT FOR SALE.	'
t, » e n
QUEENS AND THEIR PHOTOS.
Queen Alexandra, who is an enthusiastic photographer, always travels with lier kodak, and has many interesting records of her journeys. Her Majesty always carries with her an enormous number of photographs of her many friends and relatives for tho adorning of lier private rooms wherever cho nay be. The late Queen, who also bad numbers of photographs, was fond of having little statuettes made of her favorite relatives, friends, and even her pet dogs, and these costly souvenirs— many of which were executed in gold or silver—now form a considerable item of the "plate" at Windsor.
At present, route to Dublin (via
tho shortest
Holyhead.. H	I M I I
of sixty-five miles—no light undertaking when the wild northerly gales are sweeping down the Irish Sea. Of the alternative routes via Milford. Barrow
sea passage
involves a
WOMEN IN SWEDEN
shortest
and Larne, tho
means thirty miles of sea passage, and each necessarily involves much
transshipment.
In 1881 it was proposed to con-
hundred
a huge dam, cne |||||| width, across the thirteen separating Tor Point
struct yaids in
miles of tea	¦	I
(Ireland) and tho 'full of Cantiro Simultaneously the Crinan Canal was to be sufficiently enlarged to permit the passage of vessels to and from the North Sea. But tho investing public fought shy, and Ireland i* still no nearer
Are md
come ten years later, proposed to inclose an ordinary bridge structure in a litige tube, which was to he and anchored sixty feet below
Through this curious
the
RESIDENCE FOR THE KAISER
Great strides have been made with tho alterations at Buckingham Palace, which has been completely restored in the interior and very largely refurnished. The suite of rooms which belonged to the 1 a to Empress Frederick as Princess Royal of Groat Britain, has now increased the accommodation, but tho King has placed them at the disposal of Ids nephew, the Emperor William, thus affording the German Monarch a permanent residence in London. As at present arranged, tho court will spend Christmas at Buckingham Palace for the first time for many years.
-+
promulgated
A HUMOROUS THIEF.
scheme
A Belgian paper relates a story of a banker and municipal treasurer in
who disappeared.
an Italian town, leaving a deficit of $100,000 authorities proceeded to break open his strong box. which was found to contain a piece of paper enclosing thirty-five cents, and stating that the money was for the locksmith who should be deputed to break open the
safe.
The "1* pipe every morning."
sun:c
i he surface HPHH tunnel, electric or pneumatic trains
were to be run over the twenty-two separating Portpatrick and Tho inventor estimated
ACCOMMODATING
syrup, flavored with which they remain for three days who | After draining the chestnuts
coating of vanilla
"Come back as soon as possible said her mistress to Maggie was going home in response to a tel- | treated with egrain saying her mother was ill.
"Yes, mum," promised Maggie.
A day or two a letter came:
"Dear Mis Smith: i will bo back next week, please kep my place, for me mother is dying ns fast as she
miles
Donaghadee the cost of his scheme at
FIVE AND A QUARTER MILLIONS.
are
a
and packed in boxes
fatal
There is unfortunately one objection to a submarine tunnel between Scotland and Ireland.
bod 11 : dlllllllllllllllllllllllllll
coast forms a deep pool, varying be-That Andrée, the daring cxploier, tween 500 and 9U0 foot, which would
of entail the construction <>f a huge and
For this
A WEDDING WITHOUT A JUNG |
This seems to us incongruous, but in Cadiz. Spain, no ring is used. After the ceremony tho bridegroom moves the flower in his bride's hair ; left to right, for in various
rose above !
OFFICERS LIKE MUFTI
The
WAITING FOR ANDREE
The late Prince Henry of Daltcn-lierg once made a small offer—$70,-OOO. But the Thorne china will certainly never leave Mr. Wheelwright's from hands. Tho whole collection was pftrts of Spain to wear a was bought for $5 or so—the exact yoUr right ear Is to proclaim your- j •mount is not known—by one of Mr. sc.jf a wife.	I
Wheelwright's forefathers, who was an innkeeper. The owner keeps an account of all his offers, and the people who make them, which shows n total of $8.000,000. and most of the titled or wealthy "chimnnaniaes" of
longs to Mr. HlgJiaui. of lligham, Eothos-pi oj s that i i( >« -ougli wobble along on any others > on may vico ci0thing, which gets quite suffi- to tho consistency of thick cream, and his people—	for the mono) ¦______________________have left."	cient wear aud tear when worn on Carefully press out all lumps. Stir
and
Considering how much naval military uniforms are admired, surprises many folks to learn that as
soon as British	off duty js lost iy the general convict
he likes to don mufti. More espe- his countrymen, but his aged mother expensive approach tunnel daily in this fact puzzling when it thinks otherwise. She lives very un- ! reason the twenty-four miles of the is considered how very fond the fair ostentatiously in Grenna, a small whitehead and Portpatrick route sex arc of the brilliant uniforms worn town, on a pension which the Swcd- ti in a ted to cost seven millions: Uni by officers ashore and afloat. Mufti jsh Government allows her. The lit- twenty-two mile tunnel between Bonis very much worn to-day, but it hiv tie room in which ho used to sleep aghadec and Portpatrick: and the nl-mostly been confined to tho urn is carefully sot in order by her own ternativo twenty-six and a half mile ten." An older has recently bee t hands every day, and she never sits route between Island M.igee and Wi-oxtending tho privilege t<> down to a meal without praying God erston Hill estimated to cost from non-commissioned officers. There are to bring lier boy safe home to her. eight to ten millions, have all been two substantial reasons why mufti is Andree's sister lives with her, and reluctantly abandoned. The fifteen liked, one appealing to the purse, |sho is almost	as hopeful as her niilo route of the Car.tire tunnel has
and the second to the fashionable mother.	been voted impracticable, on account
Naval and military uniforms	of tj10 j,Ug0 railway detour it would
with a lot of mono and	--------4-------- ,jv#(
Tho first successful subaqueous tunnel wa<* that constructed by Brunei beneath
didn't hurry so much in those days and nobody appears ¦ |	I
unduly surprised that this undertaking commenced in 1825 was not completed until 1848.
Of course the engineer was working to a great extent in the dark, lie had practically to make his own experience, and it cost him dear, as much as $0,500 per lineal yard in some places. To-day—such is destiny—the trains of the East London Railway run through it, and move than half of their passengers realize that they are being whisked through the Thames tunnel
sea near the Scottish
can
it
To oblidg, "Maggie."
~+

Thu Severn Tunnel, 7 miles long, is tho greatest in Britain.
British inhabitants drink 35 mil-
yearly of patent medi-
G?»-
—
to be the ambition of all ^on bottles
dues.
It seems
young wives to cook well when anyone calls. A young brido heard n ‘ 110 men go mud for every 100 wo-ring at the front door. Tho maid men; but women lunatics live longer out and she rushed upstairs to than insane men.
issued
the Thames. People
to have been
duty without it being worn on nil : in half a teaspoonful of powdered re-occosions. Some uniforms cost fifty sin an«l pour on to the paste a cup-times more than a good suit of ci- fui of boiling water, stirring it thor-vilian clothes can be purchased for, oughly. When it becomes very thick, so that there is good ground for the pour into a jar, add a feew drops of
of mufti in that respect oil of cloves, and keep in a cool
farmers, who have tilled a farm called the Hangings, near IJiglmm, for many centuries. Dealers, collectors,
and American_______curlo-seoKors have
ransacked most of this country of its old furniture, but this house still contains sets which arc the envy of ¦II the connoisseurs in European» the States
thousand dollars is the actual value placed ou the collection, some samples of which arc absolutely unique; but a couple of years ago Tfenry Grunt, tho railroad magnate, offered
much ns $400,000 great county families in Britain have much priceless furniture. There is not a deal of It—about fifty pieces but several of these pieces date back to the twelfth century, and tho more modern Sheraton chairs alone arc worth $100 each: while an oak coffer Is worth $80.000. Mr. Hlgham has mefer sold a stick, î-hwuvcr. and each heir strictly re-entails the collection Neither is the house ever opened at A CHARGE FOR ENTRANCE.

f
(hMiljH---------¦---------J—¦— ¦—I
alone, without taking into considéra- place. When required for use take a
tion tho natural desire officers have little and soften with warm water, for a change in clothing and keeping in touch with tho fashion.

m
>
y v
not
-----1——— -
ONLY WOMAN SEA CAPTAIN


Two hundred and fifty
1
Mario Joanna Kersaho, recently on tho Island of Croix, in Fiance, at the ago of seventy-two, had the distinction of being tho only woman sea captain WÊÊÊÊÊÊtÊÊÊÊÊÊfi She went to sea with her father when she was twelve years old, and after his death she captained three move vessels, and obtained several medals and money rewards for hefeUrn the water.
who died

ot ce world - famous

IlEUB TEAS
8
Medicinal teas are generally made by throwing a handful or more of the I ¦¦dried loaves of tho plant in-
COMPANIONS IN ARMS.
They wore nu decoration,
No medals on their breast.
But they fought with desperation. And they scorned the thought of rest.
in the world
Very few

green ori
to boiling water and allowing them to steep In about two pints of boiling water for 20 minutes, and then to become cold on the leaves. Catnip tea, the panacea and other ills of infants; pennyroyal tea and other herb teas are prepared in this way.
Slippery elm tea made from pieces of the bark broken up, with boiling water poured over them, is an excellent drink In case of cold. So is flaxseed tea, which requires four tablespoon/uIs of whole flaxseed with a quart of boiling water poured over It. Add the Juice of two lemons to either of these teas, with sugar enough to make a palatable leinoa-
v
# 5
on
for wind colic

The scarcity of rations But made their courage rise;
_________________________________They tried to overcome the foe
Baked potatoes supply more nour- With loud discordant cries, ishmeut than those cooked in any
other way. and fried ones are the And when nt last surrounded, most difficult to digest.	; As prisoners they were hild.
With	’ill uplifted
40 out of every 100 postcards sold | In unison they jelled.
In Germany last year wore tourist's pictorial cards.
Ireland has 255 poultry for every 100 Inhabitants. England has only 04 per 100 people.
BAKED AND FRIED POTATOES
.v •*;

There arc not many famous beauties in the Courts of the world who would not draw almost anything from their resources to possess the
---------— * -



4%.
¦¦m
\
Oh, it was a famous battle, And dreadful was the am. When father walked the tarpet, Each arm around a tw!u.
:,:.G
ex i*rc:a*

###PAGE###8###

E. HODGINS & SON'S A DVT.
ouR
STEWART’S
BOOT‘SHOE STORE.
Bargain Hunters’ Delight.
LEADERS:
We have just received another small lot of
OUR FAMOUS
English Worsted Suits, all colors
Imported Serge Suits, black and blue - - - -
20th Century Umbrellas at - -
$15.00
$12.50
Men’s Overcoats

A Treat for
Thrifty Buyers.
Oil Tan Moccasins :
Navy Beaver at $4 00.
$1.00
Grey Union Flannel
*
H- McGUIRE.
18 Cents per yard.
Something Swell.
News of the War.
Ladies’ Dongola Boots, laced and buttoned ; real good, fashionable and well made at These Boots compare favorably with our regular two-dollar goods—
Remember our price, Q„ly $1.25.
Boers Growing Weaker.
Pretoria, Nov. 29 —The depletion of ths Boar forces continues at about the average rate. Several districts are practically clear. There has been much prog re es in the last fortnight, notably in the southeast of Orange River Colony, where nearly 200 of the B *ra are accounted for. Commandant Ackermann a’one loet 90 men, and only stragglers remain in that 1	¦(district. The Boers’ difficulty in main-
JI taming their supplies of food and ammo-nition are increasing and causing anxiety t > their leaders.
QTTAWÂ, NORTHERN & WESTERN
$1.25 a pair
98c.
Mens - -Mens No. 1
-AND-
- - $1.25. Men s Long Top - 2.50. Boys’ - •
Children’s
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION gYS.
Xmas and New Year :: HOLIDAYS ::
75c
Our Xmas Novelties
coming early in
December
811 R8BFLS KILLBD.
Somerset But, Nor. 29.-Forty-wren | One First Class Fare Dec. 24 and
25, good returning not later Dec. 26th, 1901, also on Dec 31st, 1901, and Jan. 1, 1902, good returning from destination not later than Jan. 2, 1902.
One First-Class Fare and One-Third
Dec. 31st, 23rd, 24th and 25th, 1901, good returning not later than Jan. 3rd 1902, also on Dec. 28th, 30th, 31st, 1901, and Jan. 1st,
1902, good returning not,_________
later than Jan. 3rd, 1902.
men of the district mounted troops attacked 30 rebels in the Zuurberg after e fifty miles night march. The rebels retreated, leaving six dead and some wounded The enemy lost nine horse# killed end five captured. Sjme of the enemy were khaki.
Men’s Long-top
Hard Beefslyn MoCCOSiflS !
SCOUTS HAD BIST OP IT.
S’andertoo, Nor. 29.—Waldens Scouts, while reconnoitering to the south of King river, came acrosi a herd of cattle which they were proceeding to drive sway, when they were attacked by two parties of Boers. They had to leave the settle and • sharp fight ensued. A third party of Boers coming up the men who formed the scouts’ rearguard were eurrounded and overwhelmed, losing and killed, seven wounded and four prisoners. The prisoners were subsequently released. The enemy state that their loss wss three killed and 17 wounnded.
E. HODCINS 4 SON
*
Three Rivers Brand - -
$2.25.
SCHOOL VACATIONS.
Guns,
Gifles,
Ammunition,
BOERS BANISHED.	'
Pretoria, Not. 29.-A further li.t of|To Teachers and pupils of
banished Boer leaders, twelve in number, is published. It includes Land rest Kelly of Zoutpansberg.
Overshoes :
schools and colleges, on surrender of standard form of school vacation railway certificate, signed by Principal at lowest one way first class fare and one third Dec. 7th to 31st, 1901, inclusive, tickets good returning not later than Jan. 20th, 1902.
The Celebrated
GRANBY Overshoes for Men, Women and Children.
Our ever increasing sale of these Overshoes is a sufficient guarantee that the Goods and Prices are Right.
Boer Yams.
A Canadian trooper writes to Montreal friends that while doing duty in the South African Constabulary he found Boers who believed the following :
Lord Kitchener has been recalled, end oo hia return will stand bis trial for high treason.
General Beden-Powell ie confined In the Tower, end hie execution at Temple Bar is fixed for next week.
The King has sent s private message to Mr. Kruger, imploring him to come end take e seat on the Privy Council.
Mr. W. T.Steed will occupy a prominent position in the coronation procession, and will figure in the list of honors.
England is in s state of excitement at the probable termination of the war, end society is laying itself out to entertain the conquerors—the Boers.
French	____
bledon. The first indemnity, will bel OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
paid tomorrow.	1	___
from

9
P. W. RESSEM AN,
Cen. Pass- Agent-
AT
• #
e #
cm ATLANTIC ARMSTRONG BROS
:

RAILWAY.
LADYSMITH.
NEW SERVICE
P. S.—Hardware.
MODERN EQUIPMENT,
have encamped in Wim-
The
On and after October 13th. 1901, and until farther notice, train service# will be aa follows !
Zinc Mines Caved In.
--	EASTERN DIVISION.
Joplin, Mo. Not. 14.-Id s era-in at	D^^b^klwd.^Lk»
Oronogo, near here today the entire plant bnry, Valleyfleld. Montreal. Quebec, tit.-
of the Aurora MiningCompany one of .he '"XïiloM 1L«8.T.taw & A great zinc producers m the district was intermediate C. A. R. stations ; ha# parlor swallowed up. No lives were lost. The I car Ottawa to Montreal.
Our stock of Felt Goods 11 ErEifEEv'lEp
cr, andIs immense tailing pile. Oo en-
‘.tiLrhlïr ü:	»„ I There ia nothing on the face of the earth in
:âH‘£ IThich it i= easier to be deceived than in jewellery.
the surface only a few minute# before the 1 Ottawa to New York via Rutland r. R the abyss. Farther caving is feared	---0__
.nti work in that vicioit, h« been ,u.- Middle and Western Divisions.
pended. It is impossible to estimate the damage.
Goods :
Felt
Reliability !
is complete in all sizes for men, women and children, and the price is just as comfortable as the goods.
The public know nothing about jewellery and are just as liable to buy a poor as a good article if left to themselves. Their only safeguard is to buy from a reliable jeweller to whom they can return the goods if not satisfactory. Don’t be deceived
by the shine of the article and remember that no
one sells good dollars for 75 cents.
k
V\
Arnprlor. Renfrew, Egan ville, Pembroke, Madawaska, Parry Bound and Intermediate stations.
Population of Western Towns.	de,,y
8 25 A. M. Express for Pembroke Parry Sound and Intermediate et lions.
LOO P M. Mixed for Madawaska and Intermediate stations.
Ottawa, Not. 27 —The otnios d. partaient is preparing a table of the census
art
the west are :
Mad
Trains arrive Ottawr, Dally except Sunday. 11.15 a. un, 8.45 p. m. and 4.05 p. m. Railroad'and Steamship tickets foi sale to age I all points.
WHYTE
THE WATCHMAKER
Manitoba—Brandon, 6.380; Port Is Piairie, 3,901 ; Selkirk, 2,118 ; Boniface, 2,019 Northweit Territories —Calgary, 4 866; Edmonton, 2 629; Le'hb’idge, 2 326 ; Prince Albeit,2,276 ; Regina, 2,-
M. STEWART

OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES

;• Central Depot, R miel I Home Elect
l
%
OOR. KLQIlf AND SPARKS STS.

646.
:: SHAWVILLE. ::
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE,
British 0'»lumbia —Nsna'mo, 6.130; Ne'moo. 4,610; New Wretminiatar, 6 498; Rowland, 6.164.
Yukon—Dtwson, 8,600.
Do your Xmas advertising in
THE EQUITY.
MAIN STREET	SHAwViLLB.


__ ...
	
