###PAGE###1###



3* 'W

'T T #








»




U


. à \ci





N
ad
IStu Year
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
1
THURSDAY, FEB. l>1, 1901
•1.00
A Y EAR ÎM A E VANCE.
}
11». \mU of IVrf<
$1 15
<‘imm.il, Shn.wviîl February 21st.
lï
1
s'y: ip foi

li


;
<
• un
Jt t llFIIf), ut
K. NV \i\ u \
Hoil/.n*.,	t'« ()
1




' •% 5
Uy
r

iî"U < Lip'll
M
r\WA. CXI AT) A
I

OP CANADA.
Il
k*r ti.-it -hi h hml
'4
ïh
i
i
1
1

i ti
f

BiHint of i
• Màoeb, E*q., Pri aidant.
< k OIU JE il A Y, i.Sij.tViCd iVosidont.
Joux Mmir.tt, Kf 3 D'v.r» MacLalln. I -
'

It
-	$0,000,000.1 ,„2trv
-	2,600,000.
ml


made
CAPITAL - -RESERVE FUND,
t
:
.
%
11
Wed
an Î is doing ax
i

r.iV. Or 1. Pv.v x, Ja.
Aux. KUAhLU. E«g ,
grocery.
Tho Advance last week death of Mrs. Richard Ed. y which occurred on tho 7th in>:
Have a look at tho K. W.limn in i- of!', on usual price a bargain.
Mr. Tims. J. Wilson, whose farm tvaalh , advertised in thc.se columns last week haw i ,w sold tho sumo to Mr. K l. T. Hudgins, >i the latter having disposed «»f his place to v»,r brother, Mr. w. A. HudginH. Mr. |w„]„w uilson pin pose ^removing to M-viney

:
i
i
i


De N MH M'f
f

Îm the

«
(lend Ofllcr, • Montreal.
low

Spring1
Trade
neofviFfivnN I), m. riNMt
General Manager .. .. Ifanagtr
MARTIN 8 LAKE

liroh !.*'* T
IN ONl AitIO
Keewatin. K,«ruj.tv lie, M itLtwa,
Utt 1*3,
t

•	•.	— Good time* and bid roads is
•	nditiun of things hero.
•d. •. W. J. Mutin of XidtiuM passed iy u dvtly on January 18th, leaving a '¦ 1 and two children to mourn her
0

1901
lilîtf
its
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
I
Nu
rike
Àtoandrlt,
Amprior,
AvutUlJT**,
1 iwebrl Ig*,
Uailetou
Lanark,
Parry h JVmhr.kV Rat Pur! Winchester,
> *	' ‘. fn *
-In RiU“."'i St.ToMhtn,
Vaukleek Hill, timithn Falls

ul
Money loaned ou approved security at reasonable rate*.
Farmers note* bought and collected.
Money transferred to all part* of the world.
SAVINGS RANK.


rge E. Kennedy also departed :i the *ith inut., leaving a bereft
Mace,
Hawkeshury,

IN MANITOBA
Duuplün
Winnipeg
Mr. Wm. Kennedy of A Id field is under the 1

Portage La Fratrie IN QUEBEC ;
, Hull,
Hltàwihigm Falls,
A.-mti in Canada, Nor York al<1 Chlcag*'-Hmk of Montn *1.
A^rnta In St. Paul - M «*rcb ant « N.it Dank: Agehla in Lobdun, Eng.—Pan's ILnk Ltd.
Accounts opened for amount* of one dol-1 Ont lars aud upwards and Interest allowed
i ire end very ill at present
Wo understand that Mr. 0. H. jirahn- ! *>u;_w,; hope for his recovery soon
zon lws been	......."
for the Noxon T

Li.Lut*
W	k\JA ill/ A VVV VV1 y OVUM#
I Mr. Martin is down from the woods
f ïngerHoii, an1i oni 7;ng a fine time.
| Mr, A. Judd is still hustling out the
Snow Dkikt.
a {«pointed a general agent 'ompany, <<"
Vpper Pontiac, or the Haie don Manager. | Peres district, Mr. Hrabazon ejects,
tho territory in which ho will be chief y engaged fof a tiny* at lea t.
in am. to", p.m
Office Hours Saturdays .
We are busy getting ready for coming Spring trade. We have bought freely in all the different lines that go to make up a first-class stock, and in a few days will be fully prepared for the Spring rush with a stock second to none in the country.
10 A M. TO 1 P.M
Ont
F. A. PARKER,
is 1 ’S' Efl

:
GREERMOUNT
Church Services
METHODIST CHURCH
QAMPBELL'S bay
Mr. S'anlty B. Wilson, the gentleman
SSSSaBi» ..................
Everyone welcome
lb.—Burn to Mr. and Mrs. Dale
c
*
SKATING RINK
*
*«*#
Open every night ^Sundays oxccj from C.3Ü to 10 o'clock.
LESLIE SMITH, Manager

Mr. Fred Schwartz has returned home e w >ods.
that no doubt will stand to his advantage I	CirhbvrUon of Bristol is visiting
in turning out a live, spicy newspaper. ^cr (lai;ghter, Mrs. Thos. Dale.
We wish our new confrere every «assess. /'* at Mr. Hamilton s were down ,, .	with lagrippe at once except Mr. H. him*
i	p'liv.iasing an enlargement | sv!f, and no had to act as cook and in fact
ime complaint a short while before -1 it got he grip of the rest. Miss R . r Miiit-s of t.ie latest design Hamilton, who was in Montreal, was sent to match. All grades of work guaranteed, for and arrived home on Friday.
Clothes and ties changed to any desirable | Mrs. Connors of Dakota, daughter of
Competition
II. IvIson, Artist,
Ponti-u* House.
• • • 0
\\
cl)

\
« »


of Rock. Salt. G. McGuire
= I Just received a quantity ^ A good opportunity now to ast a I nr
gain in any kind of stove at Wainumn's

»
LOCAL NEWS.

elsewhere call on Imison and view his I John-of all-ivork for a few days prices He enlarges in crayon, Indian | tho	1
ink, water col >astel, sepia, and <»:1 Zephyr and Berlin wool in different I paintings shades at	Mrs. D. McRae's.

'

Sai* Cans.—Order your sap cans at Wainmun's liefort* the Spring rush is on.
(ïRKAT CLEARING SALE at the Shaw-ville Root and Shoe Store.



in veu nome on rriuav.
Connors of Dakota, (laughter of Mrs. Wilkins, arrived late Saturday evening. There is a slight improvement in Mrs. W IkinsYcondition since Friday.
Mrs. J. McCleary and the girls have also had a touch of lagrippe. Mrs. Mc-Cle ry is still confined to her bed It was noticed that one of Miss Mac-failane’s large scholars drove a certain young Indy home from church on Sunday and she was not the teacher.
< l.ving to the bad condition of the roads and the amount of illness in this vicinity the attendance at school was small, t e average for the week being IÎ.
Violet & Pansy.
I
Seven bars soap for 25 cent». Apricots, c<)jor j rem v i n j Yesterday being Ash Wednesday, scr-1 peaches, prunes, bigs, and aU kinds of ,	\
vices were held in St. Paul's church. vaimve. coods cheap at McGuire s Grover).


W- oiling the l»e<t 25cent J pan Dr. !.. Mulligan, V. S., remove^ from j Tea in tow n. A trial will convince you. Shaw ville to < Htavva this week.	McGuire's Grocery.
A Card
We want to see all our old customers and many new ones, and assure all of our best efforts to please them.
A gani^of man for Mcssrs^Gillies Bros. I
were driven north next day.	' ‘l"< 1,0 *' an * '	'
.	.	,	. Dr John Armstrong, of Dunham
liy Mi- i iir-- s gv"Cu.y toi R*,>-i while home attending his uncle’s funeral
eu rod fish.	I spent	h Dr. MaeNaug
ton, a college friend.
We, the undesigned, do hereby agree to refund the momy ou a ûO-ceut b Ltio of Green’* Warranted Syrup i f Tar if it failli to cure y ur cough or cj!J We a!ao guarantee a 2") cent bottle to prove satisfactory or money refundad.
Shawville Dr
f

*
if




Co
bet ween
The interproviucial hrulg Hull and Nvpenn l'oint is complete l

>
I
shingle blocks to sell take them to J. G. Klliot-t, Shaw ville, who will p*iy you the highest cash prie going.
If you have a

Great Sale of Hoot'.aî.dSho- , M tt.». 1 Mo- cabins during the month of F< >uuun%) ut the Root and Shoe Store, Shawville.
%
Want a 1
— The (
deputation fi tiac, headed by cx-R and Reeve Drew Messrs. M.i ,..r- and Murray, M. P t, on Friday last in connection with the application to the Government for 810,000 for an intor-provincial bridge between Fort Coulonge and Gower Point, < >nt. The members of Parliament promised that they would have representations made to the Government and the deputation itself w ill interview tho Government at a later date.
un says a id Penn lxvid f Westmeath, met
%
*
:
s
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
The country roads are in a terrible con dit ion with pitch-holes at present, mak iug travelling very disagreeable and slow.
A wedding takes place on Wednesday f this week in the English church, North Clarendon.
MEN WANTED

I have been to secure font* good men to work on farms near If irtney, Manitoba.
K. W. Hoik;ins, C. P. Agent.
J. H. SHAW.
Fob. 18. Messrs. E. A. Maxwell, of Gilmour & Hughson, L td , and Janies Robb, agent. and J. C. Bertram of the Rideau Lumber Co , spent the most of the past.week amongst the different jobbers on the Pickanock.
Mrs. Geo E. Murphy returned home from Kazuhazua on Tuesday.
During the gale Wednesday the home of Mr. Fred Way, 13 miles up Pickanock road, gob burned to the ground. Very few of the contents were saved as Mr. Way was absent, and the nearest neighbor nearly two miles away.
Mr. J. A. Smith, of Smart £ Smith, Shawville, was here Wednesday.
Mr. John J. Gillies, of Gillies Bros , w.«n at Utter lake Wednesday on his way up Coulonge.
Mr. Arthur Queale was at Shawville t wice last week.
Machinery for a steam saw mill, I hear, is to he on the bank of tho Farm Lake by March 10th, and this country is plen-I illy supplied with all kinds of timber it can only he said that the editor had no ' and the wonder is that wo hive been so j personal knowledge of the details ot the , long without a steam raw mill. It is to supper at the Pontiac House. Tho item ' l>* hoped the party putting up the mill complained of was handed in to us by one mil put in a planer also. of the parties who was present, and wc Mr. P. J. Masson, of McGinn ie: Ah- | presume he was under the impression the bott, left for Kazubazua on Sunday. | supper was gotten up in the manner which	Saxr Ceremonie. I
the item sets forth. As it was otherwise, we are glad Mr. Caldwell has drawn our attention to the inaccuracy.

'X
Me.S' rs. Alex. Pitt, of Mansfield nr.cl P. B. Coyne of Portago du Fort, are the Miss Barnett, of Arnprior, is in town, | commissioner* appointed for taking the attendance at Mr. John M. census in this county.
<




ti urse m Hudgins’
Mr*. Richard Hudgins left here on
Rolled Oats at 61.05 per bag. Spanish I Saturday morning for lluhberdton, Ver-onions, red onions and white onions ; cran mont, on account of the serious illness of
terries, oranges, lemons and apples all #n elder sister, Mrs. Davis, who resides cheap, at McGuire s Grocery.	there.
Correction
«
Shawville, Foby. 18th, 1301
SI.GO per standard paid for gorxl Pine | Wednesday, beb. _,. Parties will oblige Basswood logs at J. G. Elliott’s mill, j calling early.
Shawville
Mr. Editor,
1 wish you to make right to tho public the statement in your last issue in which you say the “outsiders ’ hockey team treated their opponents to an oyster supper. This is an error. The House proposed giving the supper and gave it, and not the outsiders or insider* either, nor any company or private individual.
C. l1S£,DWELL.
on
i
<>r
Do yourself justice by bringing your Master Willie Wallace, of The Equity I children to Iimson’s studio on a bright staff, who was seriously ill with pneu- day. Ho makes photos at lowest pos, has returned to his home at wiblc prices.	H. Imison.
Clarke s Station where he is i ecu wring I M ainmaii'x stoves are acknowledged to mk rapidly.	the best and he is celling them off at
greatly reduced pi ices to make room for Spring stock.
International
M

mon i a
J
Remarks: - I¦ reference to tho above
Stock Food.
M

Lost.—About feur weeks ago at Bris toi Comers, between Mrs. Roht. Thomp eon’s
blanket
leaving the same at Mrs. Thompson’s, or with the owner. Win. Sheppard.

i
nml No. 1 School, * blue horse I Mrs. Richard Hodgiin of the 5th
The finder would oblige by mnk"e J-Iwondon, is at present enjoying
a visit to her son, W. at Bonfield,
Got., who purposes removing from that
%	,,	.	,	, .l^rfc of the country to Manitoba in the
Mr. Wm. McCredie has taken the | course of a few weeks.
agency for the sale of “Queen Victoria,
Her Life and R n," a book which is to be issued shortly by J. L. Nichols & Co. ^ructions to sell by auction on Wed n es-The work is by the well-known and pop- day» March 6th, the stock and other cfi. Caatell Hopkins, the | *<fvte °* Mr- P Voikery of Clarendon
Front. Tho sale will be witlm i-its Mr. C
Wc have received a full line of these reliable Preparations including
International Stock Food,
Killed By a Saw
Auction —Mr. J. J. Turner has in

•—	Kir.gt'on. Fob. 16.—About 5 o’clock
Smallpox at Sudbury. - A com; icrcia! '.tat evening u terrible accident cccured in traveller who returned to Ottawa from Pittsburg township, 8 miles fr^ro this c ty, Sudbury a few days ago, reports an al- when Thoi. Gillespie, aged 30 years, unarming condition of affairs in that region ! married, inetamly was killtd by the burit-ow ing to the existence of numerous ctses | ing of a c rcu ar saw, of smallpox. He says that Sudbury has lie and two farm laborers rero engaged been quarantined, and only those who in saw in" firewood, a circularFaw operated can produce certificates shit ug that they by hom-p.»wvr, ht-mg used. The trio have neither contracted the disease nor had just about concluded their day # labor have been exposed to it, are allowed V- « hen pieca of the iron frame work of
Doctor» the sawstand ( \ w v, jamming the saw and cuu ing it to burst.
A triangular piece of the e»w, 7 by 8, by 0 inches, struck tin unfortunate y rung man o;i tho right breast, to tin* right rf 'he nipple, parsed e'ear thrrugh his body nud coming out bdow thn left shoulder h’adc. Dcnth was instantaneous.


Considered by competent judges to be the best and the cheapest stock food. “ It’s not what your cattle eat, but what they digest that makes them fat and healthy." International Stock Food helps digestion.

ular author writer of several interesting hooks

r< serve
purposes removing to Ottawa.


Cari» op Thanks.—The Rev. Father
K Brunet desires to offer his sincere thanks j fh° death occurred on Thursday last j5|	and heartfelt gratitude to the citizens of	i	<jf	Edward Tubman, at the early
• I	Portage du Fort for their gallant and	|	R8A °* H y<mrs. She had suffered greatly
successful efforts, under many difficulties,	N,n'"° Aiig»;st last, the disease proving
9 in saving the ohuivh and also the greater	fat d. The funeral on Saturday
9	part, of his h »> d . effects from the tire	waa conducted by the Rev. Dr. Tucker,
9	that destroyed tlx presbytery on Wed-	^ Hie Methodist church, Chartcris, and
nes lay morning, the 13th inst., and his | largely attended 9 prayer is that God may bless those noble 9 friends for their timely assistance.

A
'
International Heave Cure,
board the trains at Sudbury have been sent from Toronto to attend those atllictod with the discs There are nine eases at Sudbury, three at Chelmsford, one at Hacsidc, one at Wi-ir-ton, two at Wahnapitoc, three at the Canadian Sou and several at Massey.
As there are a number of Pontiac people presently located in the disease-affected region, it will he a matter requiring the serious consideration of our several health organisations throughout the county i‘ the disease is to be kept outside our borders Quito a number of our young men are engaged in the lumber woods adjacent to tho p ague stricken and when those men return home
For Heaves, Coughs, &c.
;
A young man named Burnett, employed hauling supplies for Gillies l>n »h. with The funeral of the lato James Arm- a team belonging to Mr. Lawless of West-strong of Clarendon Front took place on meath, lost his life last week in a sad and Thursday from the family residence to peculiar manner. It seems he had t „ . ™ the Methodist church, Shawville, where load of pressed hay, and is supposed to ™ tho services were conducted by the Rev. have been sitting on the front of the load Dr. Tucker. A large assemblage of with the reins tied around his body, friends were in attendance, testifying to Descending a hill, tho sleigh struck a rock tho esteem in which tho deceased was which for a moment chocked its speed, held. Mr. Armstrong was the young- and precipitated the driver off directly in est son of the late Francis Armstrong, front cf the load, under which he was For many years he has been a prominent drawn until the reins tightened so that ? figure in the township. He was a coun- the team were brought to a stop. The 1 cillor for some nine years and for several unfortunate man was pinioned under the years Mayor of Clarendon He was for load, and in this position he is believed to ten years a school commissioner and took have remained for about two hours’ time, a warm interest in education. He held when Mr. Jos. Brownlee came along in also for many years the office of rural in- the opposite direction with a load of men spector. No man better deserved the eu route to the ahauties. The injured respect he enjoyed in tho community, man was extricated as soon as possible, In politics he was always a Liberal. Mr. but he died almost immediately, after Armstrong married in 1864, Janet murmuring a desire to see Ins mother aid M. Sturgeon, daughter of the late sister. The remains were taken to Amy-Dr. Sturgeon, to whom with her family, otte’s and thence removed to Westmeath. Tue Equity extends most cordial sym- The accident occurred near McKay • pathy.	lake.
international Poultry Food,

1
Prevents disease and makes the liens lay more eggs.
on a
International Worm Cure,
The Quebec government ha$ issued an •ni» r 'oppressing the nickel-m slot math : es rxposed in th-* bar-o uns throughout the province. Inspector 8ymines returned o flu'l last Monday from Montreal, and gave ordersf«»r removal of the half dozen m «chines doing butine*# in the Hull hotels.
Purely vegetable, safe to use and effective.
.
Silver Pure Healing Oil,
i
region,
-—(some have already done so in order escape the contagion) there will be a danger of tho disease accompanying thorn unless rigid precautionary
been recommended and many arc voinn- two honnds one black and tan with short tarily submitting to the operation as thu hair ; tho other black and tan and white initial moans of safe guarding thomselve* w ith large hlaok spots on hack and white
Sir SEHSssy -hood wc believe it would Ik- » stop in Hi	MICH/ EL GORMAN.
right direction.	Fort Coulonge.
to
Cures Cuts, Wounds, Bruises, &c:	The best
known remedy for Proud Flesh.
Hounds Astray.
in leisures are

THE DRUG STORE

*
Youv money bacl\ if not satisfied. SHAWVILLE.


i














X












###PAGE###2###




ART OF PYROGRAPHY
USEFUL DOGS.
atLne emotional tragedies Id the lives U* sadly, Lord Harhetsoa stood bs-of others. So It was with the senna- | tween them, tkm of having received a physical
VANITY’S VI TONS.
A\m—t ¦¦¦*¦
k VERSATILE DECORATION CAPABLE OF MANY APPLICATIONS.
*k**
t«garlly
Mi»m« sf Thtm
"1 Aid not mean to be an earee-shook that he listened to Janet Aine- I dropper. I had corns in early. I had *** EVENING GOWNS, LUXURIOUS
WRAPS AND SMALL ACCf-faCRIES.
-"lEEvH
worth's confidence a few days later | fallen asleep behind that screen lie had met her is the corridor lead
1
r*a necessary laetrameate, laelad. las riaila
am sorry; 1 am glad—sorry to lose
you out of my Life, Patricia; glad not alrl*» Ball Gown - Tkree-gonrter in the	I
When is Mise Heath’s wedding to | to buy my huppinoes at the cost of ***#"%!* Coat mod Eton Jacket In the great sh«’< l> ,UI,t eH	. .
your.. We can be dieere*. It will	d. Chi.. Pop.l.r. America an<t to the e.UD
Patricia‘it In October, I be-1 be leas than a nine day*’ wonder it A atorr ol tioldl	gontina as plam-a w ""	,
we are coutioua. And your father- The popularity of the plain abort a very important and on-'
wmm WMm
* — — *™ “• -Wb,r	"%	...	— f ,»*»	VL Ù, . ...	...”
% =r- ~ - rs r Mxssxssi ~ « - - r £
••nest fellow I know-bar none. ..You lre iu, You have been hurl,	ftoa	ctancia, and having devoured It
What! P -, my soul, what-" Wbat u itr	rush back to their flock, pursued by
For her bps were quivering-her “1 am not ill. I have been hurt—	Wf*"	the farm dogs. When they reach the
eyes were brimming over.	. little-yea. I am going away fora
Oaut you neel she questioned in ,onj$ lime- 0r-it may not be ,o long
s time.” He was warmed by the sympathy of her Lips—her eyes.
'•When—when 1 return may I come to see you, little Janet?”
01” said Janet, of the portrait of Patricia their eyes met.
"May I—Junelf”
"Cornel” she said.
Pine P* breathed Bertram Ainn-
Ing to her brother's cstudio
Points, and How to Cao Thom — Preliminary Prmetlee.
•worth.
bis roioe thrilled the girl sitting to him for her portrait light an the laoe-on the satin—the effect is
The half-stifled rapture in
take placet
That rose-
The variety of uses to which
rnphy may be applied la endleea. It lends Itself especially to the broad treatment of large surfaces, but It can also be used In the adornment of the most dainty articles by delicate lines and soft shadings, says a Good House, keeping writer In preface to the fob lowing practical Instructions:
The Iron style of earlier days baa been replaced by s point of platinum.
lieve.”
rvelous!
tVi
studio, a uarretn studio enough compared with others in the same building, but Ainsworth had not found it necessary to crowd his corners with armored figures, heap his couch with multitudinous pillows, nor hang his walls with fabrics of divers texture» and many colors. Perhaps he could not well have afforded these luxuries of his brothers in art. Perhaps he preferred to paiint people instead of things—souls rather than objects. Whatever the reason Patricia Heath had almost hesitated urn the thres-
to gam
at once
flock they seem
ami turn on their pursuers

courage. _
They guard the sheep both night and
and also assist the shepherds to
collect them on the
a passionate whisper, "that this is killing him—killing him!"
“Killing him!" he repeated blankly. “What is f 1 don’t understand."
"That portrait—the portrait of Patricia. You were mad to bring her into his life, with his tempera*-ment, his ideals, his adoration of beauty—O, it was crueJl"
"I’m confoundedly sorry!" stammered Heath, lie was honestly trying to understand. All at once a Brief though it tight seemed to break in on him.	Man Who !¦ Well Aware When
day
drive them or

'A >

pastures.
Speaking of the American dogs writer says that in the mountain dla-of Colorado sheep-dogs have
the
2S
O!" She thought
Then
1
tricts
been imported from countries as far
distant as New Zealand noted breed in Colorado is descended from a pair of these dogs, and their offspring have an inherited gift for
bold—had almost expressed the surprise she felt by the slight lifting of her delicate brows the first time her little satin-shod foot had touched the studio floor other brother's closest friend was the moment of astonishment, which was in no way embarrassment, did not escape the artist. He had flushed hotly all over his handsome, beardless face. But he had come
» N
l he most
s
æ:
A RUMMAGE SALE.

shepherding.
A six-months-old puppy was employed with others in getting 10 hundred shivcp into a corral Wore a blizzard. When the snow began to fall it was found that two hundred sheep wire and that the puppy was no-
lle line Enough

"You don't mean to say-----------”
"O, i dol He does sleep, lie is here at dawn; he inhere till dusk. He does not know when
“There." ox claimed the big norm Fide resident ns he threw himself Into Ills favorite chair, "we're home, and
not eat—nor
À


we’re going to stay right here! No lie ia dreaming, more skirmishing from pillar to post
by me or mine. I've had a bountiful She broke off, voiceless—shivering, sufficiency and am not a hit like the "I’m awfully sorry! again. IIis vocabulary was
one speaks to him.
forward to greet her, a straight and | when he awakes-gallant young figure, and had given
nusaing
where to be seen
l b • herders hunted all that night ptstlnum Is used for poker work, be-
• hen the cause It Is the only metal that will
Vi
her gracious welcome—a welcome ui> une umbered by apology.
DRCOUATKD TABOttKT
said Tom muu who docs not know when he has of the had enough. All this traveling for
I never thought, you i ll,',l"h or Plvamn‘‘ >» sentimentality
and doesn't pay 10 cents ou the dollar."
“Must have nr died that conclusion
VA
and part of the next day
two hundred sheep were found driven absorb the gas of the naphtha by
with the puppy which the supply of bent Is sustained, guard. The dog had been The complete outfit consists of platl-
thirty-six hours without foul or ws- mini points, a cork covered handle, a
-rw nr\*zt « ACurz.Lzz
b, Injudicious .1.1,'» lb"	...„ „
bulb with tubing attached. It Is also necessary to have some alcohol and
stance, one with the new rolled collar, Colorado. The mother of tins puppy naphtha. Be sure to have the naphtha lined with sable. Immense soft revers was on j day missed at supper. She bottle tightly corked and never open of sable, scalloped hell shaped sleeves wtts found at the corral, guarding a it In a room where there Is a light nml handsome large tortoise shell but- gaLC (hut a shepherd had left open or the smallest spark of fire, as It is
ish Is an ICtou jacket of black broadtail with great revers and collar of white broadtail and broadtail muff to match.
1C evar a man put his whole heart most limited
unto his work, Ainsworth put his in- know. He always was a queer chap to the portrait of the steel king’s I—I'll think it over!"
KmtTANTK’S HALL UOtVN
into a little gully
volunteered the | " large fur trimmed wrap are affairs 8lund
>f which one thinks twice. However
on your last trip practical neighbor who had dropped in.
• Yon iis, (| to be awful keen for getting away from the city and enjoying | her heavy furs, and a better example
of all that is dvlic.ous lu this line would he far to seek than a three* overfeed ng
ng on
only daughter, lie was not unconscious of Lhe honor done him in the j doing a foolish thing, un insane thing, selection of his brush to keep alive and ho knew it. Ho was claiming un-
for the father, soon to be left lone-| necessarily another and still another relaxation, as you put It ly, the vision of his child’s loveliness. ! sitting. He heard of the arrival of
He knew that it was to the friend- Lord Harbetson. One morning Torn apparent Irrelevnuey
ship of Tom Heath he owed the com- j Hss h b ou h him to s.*e the ; onr it. y°u
The two had met abroad, He was a pleasant, unaffected young!	ask everybody to donate thli.gK
There's no limit. Anything from lact
handkerchiefs to stone crushers. Tlici they go out and collect these things fix up n sort of a department store, and
a lot of pretty, persuasive women but
It will J tonhole the visitors Inveigled In and
As for Aimsworth himself, he was
the truly luxurious wouinu must have
Ever attend a rummage sale?" with
No? Well. I ll Its a church Institution
This occurred nmr Port Collins in
quarter sealskin coat of today; for In
mission
had toured Italy together and had I fellow, with a short blonde beard and kept up their warm friendship after j gentle, blue eyes.
It is marvelously good
The alcohol also
very Inflammable
should be handled with care. To do a variety of poker work an outfit of several points Is necessary, but It Is well for the beginner to have at least two, It Is to evening styles that the magic	—	ns Illustrated In Figs, c and d. The
fashion draws ua most Irresistibly Just tMi riewman I h arih« foin» Marled of	g |a tjie more impor-
¦	*’Mr	mb	as	outlining
of shading can be done, but the second
the night before
their return. Ainsworth had made It is true, some notable successes in ! meuted
he coni-
It has all the freedom
portraitura, but it was unlikely that | and grace of a Gainsborough David Heath would have selected so make you famous on two continents, make them buy
TWO THOUSANu SILVER PENNIES,
I congratulate you
I’ve been down to my old horns The two weeks that followed saw Î .vou know, and they had a rummage
sale. It opened the night I was to leave, eo 1 went down with my wife and little daughter, prepared to go from there to the train. There wne
youthful and comparatively unknown am artist to transfer to canvas that beauty which would.
Linger when herself was gone, —were it not for the insistence of his son. The latter felt a personal pride Ln Lhe growing merit of the painting, a personal anticipation of the furore he was certain it would create. Now that the work was ncar-
at this season, for among all vanity's
visions are no greater dreams of do Samuel McMiclian, plowman
light than the confections for the fair rios •u n Duwirindi re, Scoil.nl, hai |g better for backgrounds.
young girls whose debut society Is just biought to light a potful of silver Before attempting a design the be-
now celebrating. One of these appears pennies that were bar ed probably 587 glnner should practice on a smooth pine In the cut—a fascinating first hall
gown of net with cliyux of Illusion
and pale pink wild roses with dark
glossy foliage and garlands of flowers
serving as epaulets, while the actual
merry times in the studio often dropped in—Harbetson camo, too. The mem smoked unless when
Heath
Ja.net and a few of her girl friends were there Then the fire was lighted under the battered old brass sam- bought liberally, for a fellow likes to ovar that the painter had picked up in Rome, and tea was brewed and gay talk scintillated. The Englishman and Janet seemed to have much in
no checkroom, so we stored our traps and calamities in different booths. I
board or a piece of whltewood. which
years ago. or thureabjut
S.mujl M M.chau, bo ng a plowman Is better, as the finer grain makes prao who t, k s a pride io lna furrow, rested He* cas!er. '1 o light the point put some
his ho,.V S It ibi eM of the Uld the	woo>	,JLn,t"oup1’»htr.l* f»!,“ of
do you thick? They had sold my over-1 sleeves are In one with the draped w0lk‘“g * lew ng° and <aat nnpbtha. Connect the bottle with the coat and hat. uiy wife’s cloak and fur bertha. A girdle and ribbon of pale bis e>c ûlonhr thv linv be 1,51(1 foU cork handle and with the bulb by the collar, the little girl's Jacket and all | pink satin complete the corsage.	lowed to ace that it was straight*™ ¦	j
the smaller bundles. I made a gallant
make a good showing when among the people with whom he grew up.
"When It came time to leave, what
%
in# completion, he came almost
daily to watch the exquisite face, the Lissome form beginning to live—seem- | coinmon» Only the boat was strangely silent.
I ¦	rubber tubing, bold tiie point In the
His critical eye noticed flume 0f the spirit lamp until It Istlior-
in the ground, and oughly heated and blow gently by Samuel McMichan stepped kick over pressing the bulb until the point be-Lhe clods of ibat high-lying field to as- comes red hot The point may now be detain the cause. Ue found that his withdrawn from the flame, and Its beat plow had broken i p n an eai then ware can be kept up and regulated by the pot, and befoie bin lay scattered liun- pressure on the bulb, which forces the
vapor of the naphtha through the tubing Into the point, where It burns. The lamp may now be extinguished. The object of the cotton wool In the bottle Is to give more evaporating surface. Fig. a shows the apparatus. Some-silver pennies of the reigns of Edward times a foot bellows (Fig. I» Is used In!.. who annexed Scotland, and Fdward stead of the hand tvellows. This Is less II., who lost it
iAg to breathe under the swift touches of that magical brush in those nervous white fingers. He came that day as usual.	H _
friend—a smile for his sister
It was not
Crepe de chine Is the popular evening
attempt to laugh It off. with a hope | gown material In soft shades of blue, an unevenness that they would make good for the loot, but not a cent; not an attempt to recover the plunder. They thought It a good Joke. I remained over and
It was the day of the last sitting. Tom was out of town. . There was
He had a nod for hie I aonle trouble at *“¦ copper mine in
Wyoming which made his presence
there desirable. Patricia’s chair
He
looked from the original to the picture ,	,
and back again in a tram of adrnir- ,tood waiting-^in empty throne. She locked up. but from this on 1 m stay
at Lon. That slender young shape in cam* lu lt* P4^6* a httle languid— In^ riRbt ere ** ome
"azi hour’s defect of the rose."
dieds of pieces of what, in his homely lowland way, he called "tin.”
With a cap. u ot "i n ' thr M Micnan wenv off and consulted the fanner, and must of the "tin ' turned out to U*
Was
this the radiant creature his genius had evoked on canvas? He stood be-
the oJd high-backed chair of Flemish
Down the Chimney.
Job May was one of the first settlers of Bureau county, Ills. His cabin was built on the side of the river bluff. The site for it was partly made by an excavation Into the hank, so that the roof "There is nothing more to do,” he was little above the ground. The chi in-said. His voice was harsh. "The ney, built of stones, mud and sticks,
was a huge affair, with a fireplace six feet wide In the living room.
One fall a neighbor gave the May boys an old blind horse. The little fellows were delighted with Old Bob and made a great pet of him.
The second winter of Bob’s life with what that means to me, his young masters proved a hard one.
The snow was deep, and the poor She rose and faced him. She was I horse, unstabled and with little hay
or grass, found existence a doubtful blessing.
Oue night Bob was wandering around searching for comfort In some form when he discovered that hot ah
ft
oak! The sweeping gown of silvery blue satin, with the fichu of lace and ah ter tawn knotted at the half-bared fore bls twisel, palette on thumb.
shapely bead brusb suspended. Suddenly he flung
both aside.
x
À

bosom! That small
with its rings and ripples of tawny gold in charming relief against the

There wire over lUOJ tiresome and gives the operator both
of them, all in good preservation, each hands for work.
dusky wood—loaning hack with that pretty, stately air that held perhaps I Portrait is finished!” Then he was bo
The delicate I side ***"' bia band clutched the back
of her chair until the knuckles show-

¦:
measuring three-quarters of an uch ^ow Kra8P tbe corb band*e' not t0°
They weighed 5 pounds in Dpa,‘ the bot P°,nt* *antl tr* to nmke
true, even lines on the pine board. This
jssfxsrrj SKSSffieB
ed liom 1-49,to lJfco. 1 here are also a 0nd the line will resemble a smudge.
few beat mg the m ni m irk of Water- To overcome this first trouble bring the ford, in Ireland
!
a hint of weariness
actoss bulk.
face with the wide, hazel, bluck-fring ed eyes, the dimpled chin, the geran- | white, his eyes blazing down in
to hers

Do you understand,” he
iumrred lips! How perfect—how on trancrngly lifelike it all was!

cried, his words half a sob, half a
groan, finished!’ "

He said somethin# of the sort to | ; the artist, but the latter scarcely appeared to hear him. He was working rapidly, feverishly, striving to get while Lt lasted the full effect of that
Th< latest are those point upon the hoard with a sweep of of Edward If., whom the Scots cheer- the hand and lift It off In the same way. fully thrashed at Bannockburn in Keep this sweep as even and light as 1314. In 1313 Edward Bruce drove the P°88,b,e until you have a firm, clean
English oppressor out of Njthsdnlu ,lne* The tH>K,nner wlU 8Ucceed more
easily If the point Is not too hot.
Try different lines as you would
learn to shade with a lead pencil
v,
white, but self-controlled and fear less.
I understand
a be said. All at once she shrank from the Lightning ot his glance help me!"
He did not speak nor touch her
wonderful flood of light, that brought owt unimagined gleams in the golden hair, and made rosily transparent the slender, jeweled hands.
"Patricia,” he announced, "I have news for you."
"Good news?
"What else?
and it is suggested that some English-
was rising from the chimney and took I l	J	ira-n, being m a hurry* to reach the
up a position near by.	border, put his 2000 ails
Suddenly the family, sitting around	\	potsherd and hid it	in the ground
plunging nlK.nt. scattering hot coals	Although It	amaeka of	repetition to	tell us. But. at.any	rate, the crown	is
and ashes In all directions	mention gold,	such mention Is Imperil-	claim ng the penni a	as Ircasure-lrove.
The family Med with cries of dismay.	tlve- for gold continues to	be the glory	so they will probably find their
of the toilet	I into a Scottish inusi-um
One seam In front and one In the I visitors to look at. middle of the back mark the newest
I—I understand—God
r pieces in a
a
Father had a cable-
fate do its woLStl "Look at me!" he commanded
gram this morning from Lord Harbet-souk lie has sailed—is on the Atlantic bj this time."
e lifted lier eyes.
It has been said one lives ages of agony in an iaslant. In this moment when "their spirits rushed together,"

b
So soon!" she whispered.
So soon!" Her brother's booming
How corn-
way
for English
Old Bob whs soon recognized and. with
one shoulder badly scorched, was led these two lived through an eternity | limping out of the door
of bliss.
laugh filled the studio plimented he would be—the bridegroom who comes across the sea! EM What is it, Ainsworth?"
there had been a scrambling a fier the
«•brands, to prevent the iking tire.—Yon til's Com-
skirt model.
A welcome revival reported la that of "pinked out” taffeta niching» among stylish trimmings for gowns In gauze fabrics.
e
d
c
What broke the spell? A stir—a | coals and
bouse fro i
ODDS AND ENDS.
41
footstep?
"I must go," she said. "I shall curtly. He stooped to pick up his I always be happier for knowing that maulstick which had clattered to the [yen—you cared. But—I must go!" floor. He rose, hastily set aside his palette on which a wide, blurred I Rossetti s lover streak of many colors betrayed the rave." Then ho forgot all things save random course of a nervous brush, that he and she were there together "Nothing. I shall not detain you —together for the first—for the Last longer. Miss Réath. The light is I time! But she was not a woman to
Posthumous praises are bkc feathers on a hearse.
To be personally greet Is to forget all personal greatness.
There would be no great ones if there were no little ones.
Nothing!
returned Ainsworth
Too Rich to Spell*
?
Vegetables Rechanges.
Cold vegetables, such as peas, beans
“I wish,” said Mrs. Parvenu to her 1’hen he lost himself.	Then,	like	daughter’s teacher, “that you would
his passion	did	but	drop spelling from the list of Janet'S	asparagus. Brussels sprouts, eaullflow-
studles.”	ers, etc., con all be tvarmed up and
"Drop spelling!” exclaimed the teach-	served a la maître d'hotel by tossing
Why?”	them In butter over a moderate fire.
"It la so common,” replleo Mrs. Par-	with a sprinkling of chopped parsley,
venu. "Everybody learns to spell.”	pepper and salt and the squeeze of a	wbivh	*	picture
"But your daughter will need the	lemon. Boiled potatoes are best served preas.
knowledge
•'She’ll need It for her correspondence, and”—
•t •
If you would keep your eecret from • n enemy tell it not to a friend.
The beet part of beauty, after
cannot ex
INSTRUMENTS USED IN THE ART.
Make parallel lines, long and short, broad and narrow, even and graded, straight and curved, as shown In Fig e. Designs are to be used in the fol-
¦HSSa- BE HEBE
oÏîHïïs	EE1- r
baking dl*h. lined with crumb,, put	_ I 0pere cloake ere now ,|moet smoth-
nlturnate layer, of half Inch bit, of	,	- ered In chiffon, llMe or mousseline de
cold turkey, etufflug and gravy (or 8"neat on any matter de,err. ao!e Ermine and «able mink are tb# white eauce and crumbs. If there be no mg toil la certain to produce good most fashionable ton. aad mink le stuffing and gravy), cover with crumb# trait.	|te farming M «rawbecry and P#*
and bake 16 minutes.
er
all.
##
be won by viol;-nee—to be carried by Tom Roath took his sister down to I storm. She spoke aad he listened, her carriage. He was s cheerful, ! When she bad done he did not lift prosaic fellow, who had married the | hie head, nicest girl he knew and was quite
content with her himself and his life I she told him. "This is good-by.”
Forgive me,” he said. "God's lovs
protested the teacher. | cut In slices and fried as pommes de
terre saute*.
"Enough!” Interrupted Mrs. Parvenu haughtily. "Evidently yon cannot rise above the common level. My daughter will move In the highest circles of society and will be rich enough to have a private secretary to write anything that she does not wish to have printed. I do not wish to have her time wasted.”—London Answers.
I am to be another man's wife,”
àn general That "angel, or knight or fairy called Romance” had never I go with you walked with him. He had not been
He stood aside to Lot her pass.
"Patricia—Ainsworth!”
There was a step, a voice, a pr
conscious of any lack in his practical, well-orderei Ufa. Naturally he was
in detecting or appreoi-1 ***** between them. Smiling a lit»

	
###PAGE###3###






like • water gate across a stream-1»post
substituted tto catch the clover as It falls from the elevators. When the rack Is full, the driver, by means of a hand lever, opens the gate, letting the clover elide off, leaving It
in windrows.
It was formerly thought necessary to let the clover lie in the windrow until partially rotted. Dut with Improved clover huilera this is not required. If the weather is favorable 1 let it dry three or four days or until it is in the condition of overdry hay, and then stack and hull immediately, or cover well and leave several weeks. Treated in this man-the straw will be almost as valuable as hay and is relished by stock better than timothy hay. Uul-
lJkj
NAPOLEON OF USURERS.
;
card with your name and address will bring you free sample of
QUALITY ALWAYS WINS the reason why


Ob the Farm.
f

HOW SAM LEWIS FLEECED THE YOUNC. BL< ODS OF LONDON.


i

WINTER WORK IN TUB DAIRY
L
Sltfr Per Oil, Cm III#* VihiI < karge far
OlD YH*02ST TH1 A., ha* proved a winner. It m ik#» new frlemi» every day.

Before milking the cow's teats are always washed with a cloth and wiped, whether they seem clean or not says Mr. W. H. Hostetter. My practice is to have a 10-gal milkcnn in the barn into which the milk Is strained last as drawn. The strainer is made of the finest wire cloth and under this is a second strainer of two thicknesses of cotton flannel cloth, wiith the nap sides out. If the nap sides face each other the milk will not run through. When tt\e milk is delivered at the dairy house, the dairyman's part is done and the butter-maker’s part commences milk is not good and clean the butter-maker can not make good butter. Of the best of milk can be a poil-
¦"lining Honey — l.lrrd lu MugiilSrf M In iLe West Knd of lomlon.
' Ham” Lewis, who was 63 years nS at the time of his death, had for many years carried on the business of money Lending at usurious rates, and ité said to have accumulated so much money that he actually did not know, what to do with it in luxurious rttyle at 23 Urosvenor Square, I/ondon, and had more than one splendid seat in the country, and i/n town and country alike was uc custom^d to entertain lavishly such persons as would condescend to accept his hospitality. With the pretended object at getti-ng rid of some of his superfluous cash, He was accustomed i to visit Monte Carlo, but always, ns he complained, with the result of making more, money than he lost. I Once ill is said, he "broke the bank, i and is credited with having distributed half of his winnings among the poor of Marseilles.
Lewi* was, in fact, rather proud of his munificence to the poor, but he fairly gloated when plucking the aristocratic spendthrift* who were his only patrons, as he steadfastly refused to transact business with ordinary persons. lie was known to every-budy who had money to borrow and nut too much security upon which to borrow U, To him it was that the gilded youth of England turned first i<n their difficulties, lie knew them
'"at Lard William had been A°«7
nm from 30 to i0 p, r cent,	-ut-o ».	. »TV%
for his accommoda tien.	uosTO. Mention ihle paper.
AND TIMES or tiUKKH VIO eoii'Bining» fu.l aouount of the moat Mu* trios* i eign in th history of the world ; including tb| eurly Jlieof her Maje ty, her areas toe to the ikrone an<| oorotuUon ; murrOg» to nines Albert ; greet event* flii'i.ig the brilliant reign, personal trait* end nharae* tertetic* that endeared her to the peeple : graphic da*» crioi on of her vrmrnt; g home life; noble qualities a# wifrthh'l moth-T, wonderful growth of the llrltleh JCm-pire, etc, together with a sketch of the life of King kdwfird VII writteu by A. L Merrill, B.A. ; the n o*» complete and aui bent o life of England • illustnou* embellished with more than 100
OflTLON ORfflHN TH A.
“Salaria," Toronto
occasion
POULTRY NOTES
Lewis has otft.cn been rieirmnred Vls for his practices, but nicver so fors:b-ly and effectively as he was during the inquiry by a House of Commons Committee in to the evils at moneylending a Is nit three years ago. Sir George T/ewis the eminent lawyer, and a member of the highest standing In the Jewish community of London, in his argument before this committee complained particularly of the transactions of such man as "Sum"
Lewis. Sir George si id that "the Jewish community loot tied and despised them, refused to allow them „ to hold any position In the Jewish ranks and the Jewish rabbis preached against them and their practices."
Never inbreed your flock».
tim; one feed of sound grain daily.
The best layers are usually indifferent table fowl».
Young turkeys for laying, old ones for breeding.
One ration of corn per day does very well for hens.
There are good hens and bad hens in every breed.
Ducks are easiest raised of all of the poultry family.
Warm feed is all right, but hot feed is injurious.
There is no better absorbent for the
ions
llo lived
nur
superb «mgrse-
1'ige "f historic scenes, portraits, etc. ; Dearly ils bund» re«l pHges ; price $1.75; outfit free to «iperMDODd ta>eers ; we pay freight; give credit, premiums, and liber .1 commissions , nu promisee broken. The old and reliable company, Parish Publishing Co.. Toronto.
queen
even
ling clover from the windrow is usually very unsatisfactory work, be-of the delay caused by damp-
If the
cause
ness from rain or dew. I have known three or four days to be spent doing a job that might have been done In day, had the clover been stacked.
Mammoth clover produces but one crop in » .«.son conaequentl, it	houso tban plaator.
cannot be utilized for both ha, and	much coru,	too mucb „gB	or
aeed. \V ben a see crop is esnci it	oo|<j	qUarterg wj|j	not give egg„,
should be mowed or pastured In May, „„ ^ slack your vigilance in
Otherwise i wl	,c“ to watching for lice in the poultry bourne
handle on account of it. great length.	tha	are	6(>|der.
It ia more certain of a good seed crop	yhjle , ver, eick chiokon	*
tban the common red because of the	cursed and	doctored back	to
greater number of insects in midsummer and therefore the perfect
writ.en, beautifully illustrated, well bound, »od tM print remarkably low for a royal octavo book , o if *1 50; sou,I in your n vine and < rder for noouMk which ie now being prepared ae speedily ee and the same will be sent to you in order ae rerumoB no charge for outfit, If you mean buaioeee. fre r* paid; territorya’siine-l ; dont wait to thin» anow it or someone will get ahead of you,
WILLIAM BRIOOA,
course
ed in the making. I run the milk through the separator as soon as It reaches the dairy house, so that it falls as little in temperature as possible after being drawn.
The cream is run into a can that stands in ice-cold water, so that in a short time the cream is cooled
one
#
A UTTlAi lllllS
mtmv
Methodist Book and Publishing Mow##, Tore*!*
very
to 46 degrees or lower. It is held at that temperature until ready to ripen for churning hours before churning the cream is warmed to 70 or 80 degrees, de pen d-
the weather. A sour milk
e,
We are as often duped by diffident# as by confidence.—Chesterfield.
Twenty-four
health, it is not often advisable to try it.
When you begin to fatten fowls for market, do it just as rapidly and systematically as possible.
One meal of soft feed a day Is sufficient, and It should be given warm and early in the morning.
When the fowls have all of the milk
they will drink it is rarely necessary to feed meat.
The three principal causes of cholera
among chickens are overcrowding, filthy quarters and unwholesome food.

êWÂ

pollination. Mammoth clover is lent liable to injury from insects which
the common red and in
ing on BpmmBMMmipBH
starter which has been started 24
hours before is added to the cream, part of the starter to 20 of the In 24 hours the cream is
A VERY SICK MAN MADE VERY WELL IN A VERY SHORT TIME.


prey u;
localities where much injury is done

Laxative Bromo-Quinine
one
The Case ef I». II light I* am lalereeUa* Mery ef Mow » Impairing la valid Finally iàalüfd lleullh and dirrwgià Threngh Ike la# ef l)odd'« Sidney Pilla.
from this cause, it is preferred.
During the summer of '98 the clover seed crop was almost a complete failure in my locality. And yot there has seldom been a finer promise for seed than there was in the growth and development of the second crop during the summer. The bloom was luxuriant, but the ripened heads revealed the fact that there was prao-Ucally no seed. After some investigation I arrived at this conclusion; To get a good seed crop we must have a good honey year, tieemen informed me that the summer of *98 a poor one for the honey crop.
cream
ready to churn after being cooled to 62 to 66 degrees. The usual time for churning is from three-quarters to

all, and they all knew him, and he
;
The reward of one duty done Lithe power to fulfill another.—George Bl-
*
had even acquired among these sometimes frivolous young persons the re- Little Rapids, Algo ma, Ont., Feb. 11. iot. pollution of being not such a bad fel- —(Special).—Most of the inhabitants of
this district are constantly exposed to
inclement weather and extremes of j The reader» of tbto paper wm be pleased ••
i, ...	leurs tbal there to ai leem oee dreaded dieeaee
heat and cold, with a result that very that •< lence ham been able to cure In all itg
stages sad that le Catarrh. Hade CaUrrtf Cure le the only positive curw now known Ml . lame back and rheumatism are , the medical iraternity. Catarrh being » coney
,	.	,	,	to he found among our people. Mr. D.
Lowih took a liking	Haight is one of our most respected	sally,	acting	directly	upon	the	blood	am*
Some of the recent more notable	reeUleote w*o baa been a terrible ¦ S5SS"'.'““ndetton ’If"ttï	&£«	a3
martyr to the drcad tortuIe ebronic |
work. The proprleton have eo much faith lui _	,	.	.	,, _ ,	lie curative power*, that they offer one Hnu-
fcor four years ho has suffered. He dred u0uarg for any case that it fails le cure.
who, about twelve years ago, whiJe ! has lrie<l evt»ry prescription, patent j ^od for list ofuwt :(H5g^g£YJfc(X^ Medn a still known by the courtesy title of	medicine and home remedy that has
Viscount Dunlo, married Belle Bil-	bc^ti suggested to him or advertised,
ton, a variety singer, upon whom	t>yV all to no purpuee. Mr .Haight
one hour.
As soon as the butter is nicely granulated the churn is stopped and for a churning of 60 lbs of butter # pound of salt is put into the churn. The churn is revolved a few time». The dissolving of the salt thins the buttermilk and the butter is less apt to run out with it. As soon as the buttermilk Is drawn off, water at 58 degrees is put into the churn, about the same quantity of water as there was butter-milk. The churn is revolved a few times and the water drawn off. Water at 60 to 62 degrees is then put in^o the churn, about twice the quantity that there was of buttermilk. The churn is revolved a tew times and the water drawn off, which should be almost clear; if not clear, fresh water at the same temperature is added and drawn off. The butter is allowed to drain a Dew minutes. Salt is then sprinkled over it in the churn, using one and one-half ounces to one pound of but-
$100 Reward, $103.
low after all, in his way
SIXTY PER CENT,
was very likely to be mitigated by Impulses of charitable considerations for those of his clients to whom
à
bad caaes of chronic kidney dis-
many ease
La Grippe’s Ravages.
*
patrons of Lewis may be mentioned
A CAMPDEN LADY CURED OF ITS
AFTER EFFECTS.
One of those was the Earl of Clan-
kidney disease
carty, the fifth holder of the title,
was
To bring honey into the flower at the
period of bloom the weather must be
dry and the days and nights hot. But
during that summer these conditions
were reversed; and there being no
honey in the ckover blossoms, the
bees did not work and consequently pollination did not take place and no seed formed.
•he Wiw Left Weak und Kan Down, and Unable I# Regain Her Slrragik Until She U*e4 Dr. William»' Pink Pills.

Sold b
Hall's
75c.
are the beet
In the village of Campden, Ont., and throughout the surrounding country, there are few people better known or more highly esteemed than Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Albright. Mr. Albright has for many years filled the position of village postmaster, in addition to conducting a boot and shoe business. But it is with the postmaster’s estimable wife that this article has chiefly to do, as it gives, practically in her own words, the particulars of her recovery fom a severe illness through the use of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. To a reporter who asked Mrs. Albright if she would consent to give the particulars of her illness and cure for publication, she said: ' If you think my experience will help some other sufferer I am quite willing to give it, for I may tell you that I am a very enthusiastic admirer of Dr. Williams' Pint Pills. For some years prior to the winter of 1898 I suffered with a lame
.¥ >
If thou art a master, be sometimes the callow youth squandered vast enumerates at least a dozen disagree- blind, if a servant, sometime# de":.—
sums of moncÿ which he had obtained able doses which he has forced dow n Fuller.
from Lewis. The latter found Clan- his throat in the hope of securing some carty a very undesirable debtor, and, relief, but all in vain
FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS
in his effort to enforce such settle-. would help him fora time, but very jgf	tiTmmI
ment as was possible had recourse to goon the pain would return with re-	^
by all drugg.sta throughout ibe werlA B* lore and m3 tor “Mrs Winslow s Sm>-hi*» bymp "
Some of these
QUEEN VICTORIA’S OLD FRIEND
advertising the noble Earl in the ' ne wed vigor to torture him.
London Gazette as a debtor who (At last sony; one suggested that
June, Lady (hurrklll. Ung I» Her Her flee Died Jut He fere Her,
Only a short time before her death Queen Victoria Lost a lady-in-waiting who had been devoted to her service for forty-six years. This was Jane, Lady Churchill who died the other day at her home near Windsor.
Three years ago her health became so feeble that she was compelled to forego her usual trips to the Continent with the Queen and retired to her home at Iver about seven miles from Windsor. There she lived until her death. The Queen visited her regularly when she was in residence at Windsor Castle.
Jane Lady Churchill, is the "Jane” and “Jane Churchill" referred to so frequently in the Queen's book of memoirs. Bhe was 74 at the time of her death but youthful in appearance, and she used to flatter herself on her resemblance to the Princess of Wales.
She is said to have posa earned a more intimate knowledge of court life than any other woman in England but all she knew hah died with her as she was one of the most discreet as well as one of the most faithful of her Ma-
king of kidney remedies, Dodd’s Kid-Another steady patron of Lewis ' ne y Pills. Ue had tried so many medi- last which a great mind acquires the late reprobate Marquis of sines that he had very little faith, but Racine.
would not pay his balls.
The feeling of distrust is always the
ter.
was
Ai-lesbury—known generally as the j at the suggestion of his friends he	uA|iOE
"Costermonger Marquis"—who, when bought and used a box. He com- A Well UK HOUSE
he came into the family titles and me need to improve from the first dose
estates on the death of his grandfnth- 10<* gained steadily as
er, in 1886, was found to owe Lewis continued, till finally every vestige
a sum of £250,000, which he had bur- symptom of his old enemy had
rowed on powtohits and squandered on disappeared, and he was a \u .1 man. :	y ER I S
1 This is over a year ago ami Mr. Haight
1 hiiH had no return or sign of the old
The butter is placed on a butter-
worker, where lit is worked about
one-half enough. If necessary I add
more salt. If the granules of butter
happen to be a little too fine, it will
hold more water and wash out the
salt. I really decide .by the taste,
and salt to suit my customers
think the time to stop the butter-
worker can only be determined by experience.
McOlll-Tollege Stem* MONTREAL

Family Hotel rates $1.50 per day
the treatment
W. P C 1063L
I
the notorious Dolly Tester of the Don't >n variety stage, whom he finally married. To enable him to repay trouble.
Lewi, for hi. accommodation», the Hi* »:ia beee regarded by the peo-
Marqua., in 1892, sold hi. ancestral ^ *»n aa ODe of the moet rCmarkab‘e
estate of Savernake to Lord Iveagh cur<*8 tbat ever e,,ected “ . J. 0. Calvert A Co., Manoheetur, En*1«l*
Algoina. Mr. Haight says, “Four----------------------------------
years ago my kidneys were in a bad ' state ; I tried old medicines and new
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.

Per all skin aliments.
I
CLOVER AS A SEED CROP
The value of clover as a fertiliser or for hay is sufficient reason for growing it, writes Pervier Illinois. But aside from this it has another value as a seed crop, which is of no inconsiderable amount in the income of the farm. The yield of clover seed may be placed at from two to six bushels per acre, and the price on the farm three to seven dollars per bushel. It will not be far out of the way to place the average yield at three bushels per acre, and the price at four dollars per bushel, thus making #12 per acre gross income from the clover field, after having already taken off 1 1-2 to three tons of bay per acre» to say nothing of the hullings, or straw, which has considerable feed value.
*
back, which frequently prevented me from doing my household work. Later exposure to cold developed sciatica, and every movement of the body caused intense pain. In this way passed gloomy days and restless nights, until the winter of 1898, when my trouble was aggravated by an attack of la grippe. The first and most severe symptoms of this trouble passed away, but it left me in a weak and depressed condition. 1 did not appear to be able to recover %ny Strength:	my appetiit? was very
fickle; I was extremely nervous, and my heart would palpitate painfully
gt the least exertion. I had been un-wa» always noted tor strictness of ^ a doctor.„ care, but did not reideas on all questions of deportment. cover my strength, and as a conse-She was in a measure the means of queuot) l waa mUch depressed in
-an alienation which his uncle and heir-presumptive, Lord Henry Truce attempted in vain to prevent by a ; resort to the courts. When the case
Music
TeachersÏ Wanted
3
Complete
lesue of fcualo an#

medicines - of all kinds, doctors’ i prescriptions and bom «made cures, Koine of them relieved me for a little while, but 1 was soon' as bad aa ever
with Spool#* Idleoouni
was in litigation this charming young peer swore that he was still
receiving money from Lewis; that,	and , wconij tril, „ the Mau
m fact he wns mamly dependent up- ^ pruvcd lU wrtMMsneM. ...
on hi in for his daily maintenance, and | ».ld* % was recommended to get Dodd’s ----------
that Lewis stood, as it were, between Kidney Pills and they vuxed mo and I laueage Caeings-New importions nue* Eoglta#
him and starvation. Lord Iveagh	stayed cured.**	| SfitprSoM.'Apark? biÜKck‘w^LLàœÎTiKeLk
Melallif S 8 YLIGHTS
JUBILEE SSgl
, W	I	j---,	elat the tally in gaining the beuefltauf the Jutllee. Prfl
contains a remarkable letter from lOowh $7.60 per hundred.
WHALEY, ROYCE * C*.
16$ VoneeSL
At
il
I
had agreed to pay nearly £800,000 for Savernake, the greater part of which would have gone to Lewis ter had promised, if the thing went through, to allow Lord Ailesbury
£2,000 A YEAR
for the remainder of his life, but
this pittance by no means suited the
view «Of Marchioness Dully, who
firmly refused to release her jointure
or marriage settlement, rights over
the estate. Before the business was
finally cleared up the Marquis died
and Lewis was Left in the lurch for once.
DOD 01 AS ###%,
184 AdeUtfle it-Toronto, ON#
FUTURE OF THE WAR.
A
The lat-
jesty'a ladles-in-waiting.
She was tall and slight her dark hair was streaked with gray and she
Pa re Kobe Null, f Hip Highland Brigade Think* I lie War Mutl Kan In I’our.e.
The Aberdeen University Magazine I
the Rev. James Robertson, chaplain
of the Highland Brigade. The letter PILE CURE iti .dated St. Andrew’s Day, 1900, and
A trial Cure for Piles will be
To secure a seed crop from the corn-red clover, the first crop should be cut near the middle of June, although it may be cat earlier or later with success, if the season is favor-Should there be hbumble sees'
acquainting the Queen with the news
At this juncture a friend
¦ I III ¦¦ ¦¦¦ ¦¦ I
of all that happened in the outside w^0	upon me advised me to try
world and frequently acted for her Dr williams’ Pink Pills, and I decid-when the sovereign desired to do some ^ tQ follovV the advice and procured courtesy or show some kindness not. #upply# j0 my gratification 1 felt altogether compatible with her rank. j an improveme nt in my condition al-She remained in the Queen's service ' mQat from the outset, ana after
using the pills for a little over a for the previous two or three years m0nth I was once more enjoying the
she had been compelled to give up best of health, every trace of the some of her duties. Her son Churchill began as a page, and is now a lord-in-waiting.
any ad drew on receipt ef two cent stamp. No knife, m
in written fronn E h nburg, in the gveeey salve. Ad'irees, THI HUTCHING FREE# Orange Iciver Colony. The Important MiDiciNECOuToruui-o «>ut________________ J
pissage is fhr forecast of the future.
There is no fight in the Boer. Mr.
RobertcKwn says, save when The great advantage is all on his side, and it j Dawson Ccmmisalon Oo. Limited
is a sure thing.
nr.
It Will Pay You
able
nests in the field, tell the boys not to disturb them, as the seed crop will depend largely on their work later on in fertilisation. A bounty
to consign oil yomr Produce to the
At
t this time Lewis also sus-

Col borne sud West Market 8tv 'Jrrusto. will got yon highest possible prices.

Cor
until the time of her death although
"All the same, he
has not given in. It U a mistake	m VUM HVCIM##
to regard the country as conquered. FEA I MEM U T tIlNQf
tained a heavy loss through the operations of a clique of swindlers under Lead of Frank
Tarbo, who had former, been one of What would ^ «», d you heard of a-ta,M
the leader, erf the "Johnn," Irving	IL*" Urne	BRITISH AMERICAN PYEIWC ##(
Lord
ful seed crop is certainly abundant compensation for a few bee strings.
The popular belief tbat the first
S’SX t = an artistic distinction.
amount of seed, beoauee of the im- Mr. Sappei«h-Mr. Wooien eeeme
b- s&rsa “uT ca. "Z ' w
know.	!
trouble that had afflicted me having disappeared
years since I used the pills and I have been well and strong ever since, and I have the beat of reason for ascrib-preavnt good health to the - of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills.
Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills are atonic and not a purgative medicine. They Do not winter late pullets that have enrich the blood from the tirât dose failed to make a fuir growth. Better to the last and thus bring health and fatten and market them as soon aa strength to every organ in the body.
j The genuine pills are sold only in
borne with the full name, “Dr. Wil-Pink Pills for Pake People,”
If your
It is nearly three
gang in New York city. Lewis always refused to make known the amourVt of his losses in this connection, or the game by which he was induced to surrender his cash, but it is believed that the swindlers bilked hum through younger suns, who
The enemy are playing well their only card, tbe guerilla trick. I verily believe—1 hive eaid It for months— that we nhall have completely to denude the country ere we quieten it. -1 know well enough we shall be reproached with the old charge, "they have made a solitude and called it
One of the latest scandals in which peace,’ but I am so sick of this foe.
Lewie figured we, the case of Lord ! <*	and chMin* an elu.-
ive enemy, that I would welcome the
cessation of hostilities, èven though bam fit-ids and blackened homesteads frowned all around. Desperate diseases need desperate cures, cannot cure a cancer by a ca poultice, any tatfore than you can cure
the stubborn Boer, until surgical and cauterising instruments in the shape of fire and wword scrape and burn him to the very bone. 1 am a (raid, as Professor Bain would say, my metaphors are getting rattier mixed.”
Wood & Photo Lnuuving
# J 1 JONCS I M, (
Ts 10 AOfLAIDl STVv TORONTO

ing my
and other insects no early in the The second crop is cut for
QUEEN VICTORIA.
season.
seed when all the heads have turned
brown or black. Perhaps the old
self-rake reaper would be the best
implement for this work, but as that has now gone with the sickle and the
cradle, the mower or binder will have
to be substituted. If the mower is
used the clover should be cut and
raked when damp, to avoid shattering
as much as possible. Nevertheless,
will be considerable loss of
were their moet frequent direct victims.
Her Life and Glorious Reign* Biography ever written. We want » few Masai re memorial volume lavish ly lliuetrsted. ably low price for auabamagniftcentbook. Ne« or capital neoewary : espevtaive outftt free ;
vs Amitt easr
possible,
Every rooster not intended especially for breeding should be killed or marketed before cold weather acts
William Nevill, the fourth son of the Marquis of Abergavenny, who, in February, 1898, pleaded guilty to fraud and was sentenced to five years' imprisonment. His financial difficulties were first ventilated in a suit brought by Lewis In the preceding year against an officer of the Guards named day, through whom he had cashed two notes for £11,000 for
Lord William Nevill. Lewi? acknowledged on the witness stand on this
llama' g| printed on dea 1er
reot to the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Brookrille, Ont., and the pilla will be mailed post paid at 50 cents a box, of aix boxes for #2.50.
i the wrapper, cannot supply you send di-

THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
in.
The objection to feeding growing
pullets with the old hens Is that it
the pullets are fed sufficient to keep
thrifty the old hens will get too fat.
An earth floor la the best for the poultry house, provided it Is raised sufficiently it tide to ‘mure beifyr perfectly dry at all seatone.
You
EPPS'S
GRATEFUL COM PORTING.
COCOA
le
«ni
there
seed in this way.
When the clover stands up well 1 found the binder best and the
It cannot be too often repeated that U la not helps, but obstacles, not facilities, but difficulties that make
men.—W. kuthews-
have
waste of the seed least. The binding part of the machine Is removed and .> rack with • swinging gate—somewhat







###PAGE###4###














é*














J*
Farmers, Attention I
THE MARKETS.
THE EQUITY.
WARE-ROOMS FEBRUARY
THE McCORMICK
MASSEY-HARRIS
. . . SHAWVILLE . . •
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 70 to 77>v. Oats per bushel, 8Gto27c. Pease per bushel, Buckwheat, 40v. per bush. Kggs, per dozen. 15c.
Butter, per pound, 17 to l So. Wool, per pound, 10 to the. Pelts, each, 00 to 75c.
Pork, $7.50 to $7.75.
Beef, $4.00 per 10U II*.
Hides, $4.30 to 4$.75. Calfskins. 35 cents each.
SHAWVILLE, FEB. 21,1901.
HARVESTING
MACHINERY
SALE
According to the Auditor G ancrais report, just out, the 44 COO immigrants which Mr. Sifton br< ught into the country last year cost the country $434,569, if which $39,521 was spent for printing and advertising in the Vuited States, and S3,312 in bonuses.
IS SECOND TO NONE IN Til 15 WOULD.
o
_H?-upl>iy the some to t!;o
mtlao i»u vvusonaVlo terms.
; ?
I am prepaid farmer* or 1\ and aN<> to famish HE PAULS, which will always be kept un hand, thus avoiding
delay in having tu band away Lr them.
It vt
Our stock of Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware is in every respect complete and will be sold at reduced prices to make room for Spring Stock.
exchange for Me
A prominent Liberal is our authority for the information that there was « pretty representative gathering of “ the
faithful " at Bryson on Saturday last tu discuss the patronage question. Resolutions were passed, we are informed, demanding the heads of all the conservative vriiciala in the county, without raserve. Nothing will satisfy the “ advisory committee, " it soouis, but a clean sweep, and this is the proposition which confronts Mr. David Gillies at present. Nevertheless, there is a well-grounded suspicion in the air that oar local member will :
or H vs
chinery.
SEWING MACHINES
WRINGERS
WASHERS
CHURNS.
OTTAWA
ALE HOWARD,
Butter, print, 24c. per lb.
pnils. 20 to 22v. per IV.
Kggs, fiv>h, 9iX\ per c.oz. Potatoes
44
\
The McC;rmic\ Hamitm* Machine Co<iy>âr.y
AlbH) FOB
Organs, Piano- <nd Sswtqg Vach
to
Apples, b-.OO to $3.00 per bbl. Lamb, 7 to Pc. per lb. Mutton, 5 to 7c. per lb.
Beef, 5 toOJc. per lb.
Pork. $7.00 to $8.25 per 100. Chickens, 00 to 05c. & pair.

DALE BROS.,
Shawville, Quo.
P. S.—Highest price for Hides, Calfskins and Pelts.
J. C. ELLIOTT,
Oats, 30 to 33c. per bushel. Hay, $7 .70 to $10.00 per tor.. Woo!. 16 to 17c. per lb.
JUST IN !
DEALER IN
AND MANUFACTURER OF ALL KINDS OF
NEW GOODS
LARGE ASSORTMENT.
not be bullied iuto doing all that the committee thinks proper as, after all, he | is not under any particular obligation for the position he holds to the men who fancy they have him under thumb. Most of them have already been conciliated
by other means and Mr. Gillies owes them I :}ct Incorporating a Eatlway Company J ,	.	..	.	........ construct a line of Railway fn m some
no further consideration ; and if hie debt of point on the Ottawa River, In the County
gratitude to the county for election is J^low Andthe moTnfof t^'uÜ^ weighed in the balance against what Hiver, thence by the most feasible route to
that honor represent, in dollars and cent. ^e^^Duîiofne K^aid "th«K we believe he has ample justification for northerly to the shore of James' Bay ; and allowing hi, own counsel to govern,
rather than submit to the mandate of any [ wav company authorized to build lines of
committee of advisors. Nobody is more I railway along or near the said route, or . „	.	.........	^	any part thereof ; with power to construct
fully seized of this fact than Mr. U lines. | branch lines ; to own, charter and run
steamboats and other vessels ; to acquire,
.	. A. .	.... I operate and dispose of mines, minerals
The amount spent on the Paris exhibi- and their products, timber lands, water
: ion by the agricultural department to powersnnd privilege* ; to purchase, use , T on	OOÛ 4	,	1 I And sell electricity for all purposes ; to
June 30 was $200,268, made up of sal- construct, acquire, maintain and operate'
wries, preparation of exhibits, etc., $S9, tramways, bridges, ferric<. milL, wharves j
*«¦«* JW.*»; «.»•	' •.TSAStl
portation of exhibits $.>, J, 8, workingmen men ; ana to construct and operate tcloJ
and decorators, $23,819; other expenses, 1 graph and telephone lines along the n
$8,882. Mr. Tarte s traveling expenses ¦ of the said railway nr connecting the:
amounted to $3,000. Other «.Uriel are: with to transmit messagt for com
mereii\l purpos. ad to collet 11 Is
Dated Ottawa. January 2nd. 1901.
CHRYSLER & BETH UNK,
Solicitors for Applicants.
Hough ard iu Dressed
FJGTEOE.
Notice is here
,	1 glv
„ I tion will be made to the Par!lamer. Canada at the next session thereof fot
t of
Tenders for Wood.
LnaTseï Shingles, &c.
U
5
Sealed tenders wUI Ik* received hv the undersigned up to the 20th day of Febiu ary, inat., for twenty cords of dry hemlock or tamarac wocxL Must be sound body wood. The lowest or any tender not nee •warily accepted. Wood deliver'd ut Lily Factory.	D. J. HILLIARD, *
Sbnvrvm, Kek Ô, ,90,. ^
Smart & Smith
o
PLANING & MATCHING
il»-no to order.
CUSTOM SAWING
P. S.—Harness.
d >ue as cheaply as the cheapest.
FALL
Highest Cash Pidco paid for all kinds of sound Logs, Shlnglo Bolts, &c.

Mi IK STREET, • 5MVILLE.
Lumber
GOODS !
"[HE DAVID MAXWELL & SONS
SHOW-ROOMS, SHAWVILLE, QUE.,
J
U 1
Sawing.
•T. X. Perrault $4,126; W. D. Scott, $4. 297: Jas. Jardine, $4,199; A. II. Gilmour. $2,034 ; F. Gourdeau, $1,380; Secretary Dupuis, $2,092; Secretary Cusson,$1,760; Mrs, Dandnrand, $1.420; Misa Barry, $1,069: Misa Galbraith, $560; Mini È Leboutlnllier, $782; Mrs. Turcot e, $276
Are now open for business.
for.
Our customers will find well stocked up with a good
. . line of . .
us
1 wish to inform the public tint I am prepared to do eus Aria est doaa6 pir I» prient qiVune tom sawing—both lumber and
demande sera adressée au parlement du ; shingles—lit reasonable l'atCS, . , <¦ nnaii.i, ù s-i prochaine Resmon, afin a •	,	,	, .
The «rangement recent y entered into 0|)tenir un acte constituant en corpora niu' “m a’s0 prepared to pay
In the first pace, the Manitoba tor- he comté de lXmtiue, dans en entre le1 lhick Yard.
ernment have taken orer the Northern township d’On.W .-t l'enibouc’v re dc la1	T ...	.	rA______
Pacifio lmea m that province, embracing rivière Dumoine, do la ,sir la route la1	1	Will	also	pay *l.vO	per
:tS0, nulea fora term of-j) year», the an- ,,iU8 practicable jusqu'ou district arrosd COI'd for a quantity of good,
««m * t**
SlZà.OOO and upward to a maximum of h* ||*y James ; et pour (usioncr, |«saer	"	"	~™	-----------
^300,000. e	un bail ou faire des arrangements de tnf- !
The province of Manitoba in turn traits fic avec toute autre compagnie de chemin
•en t.o lines in questions to Meair*, defer AutoaUée à construire des lignes Mickenze A Mann, of the Can id tan de chemin defer le long ou près de ladite Northern, who assume t.ie provincial route, ou toute partie d icelle ' avec pou Government t obligation to the Northern vuir de construire des lignes déni-1 Pacific, and woik the system aa part of branchement ; posséder, affréter vt navi-their own, winch is fast assuming the di- gUer dee bateaux à vapeur et autres vais-mansions of a transcontinenta rai.way. neaex ; acquérir, exploiter et dvpneei des The deal, it is li«e*i*o said, cm vac es I niines, mivreaux vt de leurs produits, de he guarantee by the Manitoba (. -vern- terres à bois, de chutes d vau et privilèges ment of a Canadian Northern bond is.me 1,3drauli.mers ; acheter, utilizer et vendre to the extent of $G,COO,000 the province * pu, IVIectrivitv pour toute tins que ee soit; t j hold a lien oa the earning of the system construire, acquérir, maintenir vt exploiter des tramways, punts, passages d’eau, I moulins, quais, docks et élévateurs, et exercer l'industrie dc voituriers et d'enter-
his majesty PRESENTED THEM Ann a | poseurs en général ; et construire et ex- ,
die et de tél-u dit chemin
0
Farmers will consult their best interests by calling and inspecting sample of our latest improved
AVIS.
SEASONABLE GOODS
of all kinds for
The Manitoba Railway Deal
Fall & Winter Trade
Disc Harrows Fleury’s Ploughs.
and a comparison of prices will show that we arc in it with the best of them for good values and satisfactory dealing.
CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
And
J. J. McCLEHRY.
Shawville, Feb. 11. 1001.
McRAE & McGUIRE
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE’S CORNERS.
9
AGENTS,
D. McRae's Old Stand,
Main Street, Shawville.
MlLfiY
• •
FRESH and CURED
I
NEW SERVICE
MODERN EQUIPMENT,	-x -r Z-X T-T~r-
Trains daily between Si |\j |J YÂ/
OTTAWA t< MONTREAL. ^	VV	'

l
MEATS

'-'Stf&tfacqpas Honored By King.

59
- N-
;t4
of all kinds at
Or. ar. 1
r T
l until further advised



vs :

plotter des lignes de télégrai *]*!• >nc le ! u; de la r(>ute d de fur, ou s’y raccord, et transmettre des messages pour des fins commerciales, et prélever des péages pour ce service.
CHRYSLER ri BETHUNE,	A-ll!1 ;/
Svllicituers des requérants. | Ex-V,** f.% ^ Ottawa, 2 janvio
I %*
THE SHAV/VILLE
SKATES iSrat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
DOLOR AND GAVE THKM EACH A
MEDAL.
I
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:—
x 6.10 H. 1
Arriva ^
Hàwk:--



a at nil iotermedinte sta-xl fU'ta. tn. Ro'kLtiil h. Valley field, cor.!
" i. ¦
M
b*i
-, .t
Y f R
%ts
/\t Bottom Prices.
London, Feb. 15—King Edrard accompanied by Qurea Alexandra this morning inspected at Buckingham Palaco !
:m officers and men of StrathcGii&’d j Horse. His Majesty presented the icgi- ' ment "with the King's color and gave medals to the men.
A detachment of guards held the lawn rendered, as I do. I feel sure that in en- l2^C Uoütfd"®t°r 1 Ai “adrts anJ CoUm of the West Terrace and the Canadians trotting the King's color to you, Colonel Arrives M.’ntrealG iOp.m. Pulmiu Parlor Car were drawn up in front of the terrace. Steele, and those under you, you will : attach*!. C.nn t* with tnine for Portland and
The, company present included Lord always defend it and do your dut'y a. you ; g % "Tsl: UwMiw. “t Roberts in full uniform, General Duller, have dono during the past year in South Allan* Ikirlingtou. etc. Arriving Beaton 7.ooa.
the Duke of Connaught, Mr. .Joseph Africo snd will do so on all future occas- [L Car ovawYt' \,Cw Yr*kthr°Uith 81eep‘ Chamberlain and many army and court ions. I am rhd Lord Strathcooa is here l6tM P' M. lcU-sWt intcnmilste stsitoM cmceri.	to aav, as It is owing to him that this	Anivea	Montrai	lO.COjuu.	Connecta at Coteau
The royal standard warn hoisted over	magnificent force was equipped and sent	faction for Cornwall, King,too, Toronto. Chioage
the palace as the King, wearing a field 0ut. I can only hope your short sojourn marshal's uniform, and the Queen In deep in England will be agreeable and that mourning, appeared on the terrace, ac- you will return safely to your homes, toTipanied by the Duke and Duchess cf friends and relations. Be assured that Argyll, Prince Cherlee of Denmark and neither 1 nor the British nation will the Duke of Cambridge. His Majesty ever forgot the valuable services you have ebook hands with Lord Roberts and Gon. rendered in South Africa."
Duller, and the band of the Coldstream Col. Steel, thanking the King in behalf Guards played God Save the King.	of the regiment, assured him that the
Col. Steele, of Strathcona’s Hors?,	people of Canada would always do as well
was presented to King Edward, who pro	as Strathcona's Horse, if not better, and
oeeded to inspect the regiment.	added that they were “ Always ready
Returning to the terrace the King to defend the flag, the King and the rights handed a medal at Col. Steele. Then the 0f the British Empire. " officers and men tiled past a table, the After three cheers for the King, the King presenting each of them with a officers were presented to Pis Majesty, medal.	who shock hands with ai;d thanked each
The King’s color was brought by an 0f them, escort of Grenadier Guards to the foot Lord Stra»hcona announces that he will
spms sas»
trooper1 as fo lows.	. jng from the same disease, but their condi- 2.50 P M. Mix*! Train* from Madaw^ka, Egan-
“Col. Steele, Officers, Non-Commis- lio8n ia not considered serious.	vilflT, Renfrew, Arnprtoand intermediate station*.
aioned ( 'theers and Privates:	_________________ OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
“I welcome you here to our shores on
your return from active service in South
at c
c
3 points wot;
. srrlvc* Montreal 11 20 o.m.. r.x with I. ('. fly. Maritime ll:. :rix. nul all Intermediate a Purl r Cat attached.
:. a
VS
V V v w*
:
T-*
• -
ut
1-Otl
1S.5C A.M. Hi — stations. Arrive Mol Parlor Car attached.
nr'*
..t int,irmM!atti d 11 td a.in: Ti;liman
:a
We are selling at cost.
J
Proprietor.
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
Desirable Property
for Sale.
To Catch the Eye and the Mind at the Same Time
The undersigned offers for sale hrs farm property, desirably situated in the Front of Clarendon Township, being Lot No. 3. on the 3rd range thereof, and containing one hundred acres (more or less) of goori land, all tillable, with about 70 acres clear
is the art in advertising. This Ad. illustrates how trueI Tb.',ÆïEu“d.!SÆwÏIÆ this saying is, especially to those wishing pleasant and SKÎibV'SSid” o^tiTêS profitable employment. " Canada's Sons on Kopje and	‘.uw“V.d" S
Veldt," the only book dealing exclusively with the Can-1 E-ta' ZidSMS ZXÏÏUÎ. adian Contingents, is the book to handle. Official, Authentic, Cheap, sells on sight to everybody, and anybody can sell it. Capital or experience not necessary. Send for Free Outfit and make money.

I It
Ve
Trail* wive it Ottawa Cic.irol Depat :
• 11.10 r.M. Lo-il-frorn Deaton, New York, New KugLani and Montreal at P.OO a, ro. Has Pull-uun Parlor Car atUcb«*i,
12.13 P. M. Limit-^d—From Montreal and points •aat. leurir^ Montreal at 9.# a.m. Hits Pullman Parlor Car.
9.05 T. M Leva!-Firm Montreal, and interm Rate pointa, Cornwall, Kin^toc, Toronto, and i»tav weal, Has Pailran Parlor Car, Leasing Montreal at 3.W, p. m.
a 6.33 P: M. Limited—From Montreal leaving at 41) p.a: Has P^lmin Parlor Cor.
for storage of hay or grain.
This farm which ts well adapted for stock purposes, is situated 4 miles from Shawville and 3$ from Bristol Ferry, and is cou veulent to church and school, property will be sold reasonable for cosh, or half cash down, with balance in yearly payments at 0 per cent interest. For fur t her particulars apply to the owner.
/AS. T. CALDWELL.
Massey, Ont., or C. CALDWELL.
Shawville.
Middle and Western Divisions.
The
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Polly, except Sunday)
Train leave Ottawa Central Depot :
8 15 A. M. For Arnpiicf, Renfrew, EgnuviRc, Pembroke, Parry'* Bey, Whitney. Canoe Lake, Pam Bound and inter me llate pointe.
The Bradley-Garretson Co., Limited,
Brantford, Ont.
, Pern*
.303 Calibre.

WE,«302

/tf # 77
Savage Magazine Rifle.
—, £ri*surüE s £E'S ZH°Hr;È SmSSSÈe
deeply sppreciated the service# you have paration of the necessary amendments. b. saaday only. c, Daily.
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Only Emmeries Smokeless 6-Shnter.
One ! ifle takes fix different curt ritlges# Point Blank Range for Hunting.
Finest and safest rlfie ever made for large or small game.
Write for complete 19# Catalogue.
RM8 OO., VTICA, N. T., V. 8. AMERICA.











L
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
Court Sliawville,
No *70.
f tot
STOCK-TAKING
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
rraLMHBD ivanr tiiursdat
AT BHAWVILLK, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
8JB$C/IIPr/0.\-$t.O') A YEAR IS ADVASCE.
No piper itoppod until ill arrearages e paid, Unless by special arrang ‘incut with ubllaUer.
t %. i
Meets Ibo itli Wed an-day of every mouth.
Court dnee mast be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
L.B.C. J
Is now going on at the C. F. HODCINS Departmental Store which means Great Bargains.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
H 8. tiAUNKTT, K S
f. A. C'UWAN, it 8
Joli y tir.* KKTT, C. H
VJ
ADVERTISING HATES !
Legal advertising, right cent* per line for first lneertlon mud four conte per Hue for each subsequent lusertlou.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch In-m i ted at lit» per year.
Local announcement! 1 nier ted at tho rate of five ceuts per line for first Insertion and three cents fur subsequent Insertions.
Commercial | fur longer per which will ho given on application.
Advertisement* received without Inetruc lions mcoompuiijlng them wll| 1m* Inserted until forbidden u»d charged fur accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published freo of charge. Obituary poetry three ceuts per Une.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN StylTlj, Proprietor.
s
fe1 Clearing Sale.
FOR
The ypot for—
SLEIGHS,
CUTTERS,
ROBES,
BLANKETS,
HARNESS, WHIPS, BELLS, See:,
advertising by the lovls lneertvd at ;
month or low rate*,
A Fajhiioxaihi: H un Cut Good Shampoo, on A Clean Shave.
UT Your Turn next
BIG DISCOUNT ON LADIES’ JACKETS.
M
We bought at a sacrifice 26 Ladies' Jackets and placed in stock at the following discounts
4 Ladies'	Cloth	Jackets in	grey,	regular	$7.50	now	$5.00
- Ladies’	Cloth	Jackets in	brown,	regular	0.00	now	4 50
4	Ladies’	Cloth	Jackets in	bl’k nap,	regular	7.50	now	5.00
5	Ladies’	Cloth	Jackets in	n. blue,	regular	0.00	now	4.00
3 Ladies’	Cloth	Jackets in	bl’k nap,	regular	0.00	now	4.00
1	Ladies’	Cloth	Jacket in	bl’k nap,	regular	7.00	now	5.00
s 13 Ladies’	Cloth	Jackets n.	b. plain,	regular	5.00	now	2.50
2	Ladies’ Cloth Jackets bl’k plain, regular 5.00 now 2.50
2 only Ladies’ Cloth Suits—dark grey Eton Jackets and Skirts—regular $7.00, now $5.00.
1 only Ladies’ Siberian Jacket—a stylish garment —regular price $55.00 ; take it at $39.00.
20 Boys’ Overcoats, well made, well trimmed and of the very best material. Regular price was from $3.00 to $6.50. You can have one at just half price.
JOR PRINTING
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and ebeaply executed. Orders by mall promptly
attended to.
y
JOHN A. COWAN
end
Publisher
8>"
JEWELLER

Business Cards.
IBIM
A SKWtT STOCK Or
WATCH EH,
CLOCKS, JfiWILLERT. 8ILVBRWARB Ac. Ac.
m
MEDICAL.
/v ;:'ui
F.M.A. McHaughtorj, M.0..C.M



Graduate ok McGill Univeksitt,"
OîUee —Residence of the lute Dr. H. 11 Knox, Slaw ville.
Vflke hour.-* Monday, Wednesday and
Saturday afternoons.
%
RtrAtiuso-
ASrEQALITT
CALL AT
SHAWVILLE, Q
SMILEY’S.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M.D., C. M
65 MINERS IN BURNING PIT
)
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Triulty Uutveulty, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria Uuiwrsitj, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity M L Colley*. Toronto. Omet asd Rchdencs : J. U ÀtutATRoxo'e House,
SHAWVILLE.
A Terrible Disaster in Cumberland Coal Mine, Vancouver.
Vancouver, B. C , February 15.—Sixty-five miners arc imprisoned in No. 0 shaft of the Cumberland coal mina on Vancouver Island.
The only exit is the mouth of the shaft, which is filled with s huge volume of riaroe.
There i< considered to be no possibility of the unfortunates escaping. Their do m is practically Details of
The Cumber and mine is near the tillage
of Union, about sixty miles nor h of the
town of Nanaimo. J'he only te’egraphic
cr inmumcation from Union is by single
Government wire, and little is known <,f
tie tragedy in the mine except that a
-,	..., terrible explosion occured in No. 6 shaft
At SUawvlile. second and fourth Thursday q( (||<) Cl|mherlsnd ,bout j, 0-clock lhil
of each mouth
1901
1901
MAIN STREET
OR
LEGAL.
OREMOST
URNITURE.
BOURBEIU BiHVILLE, l. L. L
)
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Shaw ville every Monday
certain.
the disaster are meagre
WILL VISIT
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, &c.f
Room 23, Trust Building. No. H Sparks
St., Ottawa. Ont.
morning. Following the explosion the mhrnft caught tire and the sixty live miners _	I w»re working half a mile from the
0	0. WR1C H I • I entrance, were caught in a death trap
A relief party from No. 0 shaft made a brave but futile attempt at a rescue. They were headed « If by the fire and could not reach the imprs med men. The attempt at re-* cue was made tfftuugh No 5 «haU, tut the flarnea and gas prevented
ê #
tare-over G. F. Hodgloe* Store. Main St
We must make room for our heavy Spring1 Stock.
We have also a first-class assortment of
LRMd REASONABLE
HARtiK.4 MUDLRATK.
» F ACTIO N l, T A R ANTKI.T
PERSONAE ATTENTION
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
OF THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
Tin4 Building-
4S Spark* Street, Ottawa
Phono No. 1173,
XttendH courts uf Ottawa and Vontinc ' a ay development tf the perilous venture District.*.	I A second attempt to reach the m *n from
No. 5 shaft a’s * failed. All the men are out uf that shaft, and a second explosion is feared.
The f. rce of tlu h at ermu s'o wai to Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deed*, I great that »he men in No. 5 shaft were Mortgages, etc.,executed legally »,ud sails- | netr*y thrown off their feet. Three mine
! actor! y.	boxes were whirled over a mule, which
SHAWVILLE	ÇUE. w„kled.
SHAWVILLE.
J. GRAHAM
o
G. F. HODGINS,[Farmers!
W. W. IRELAND,
We can pay you highest market price (in cash) for your wheat any time you fetch it along.
We can do your gristing and give you best satisfaction in returns, and flour which will enable you to carry off prizes in bread competition at the county fair every time.
We can sell yon at lowest prices Flour, Drain,
Meals, Bran, Shorts and Feed.
.%r FULL STOCK ALWAYS OX HAND.
Clerk of the District Magistrates* Court
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
THE SECRETARY-TREASURER In Account with the Municipality of Shawviile.
The scei c on the top Hoir tf No. 6 baf-Ihs description. Twisted pipe, scraps of NOTARY FOR THE | iron end wood, splinters from several
p >unds‘ weight down t > sawdust, some of which was blown clear from the bottom of die mine, the wh< la covered with the in-1 Dec fcrnal black One was near the bot-Will he in Shawviile on i ue.sli) and Sat- jcm 0f (ho shaft when tho i xplosion took urday of ever)* stoek.	| p The other was near the top. The
litter was blown ncrily to the pulleys, I wie;u the clutches held her without
s. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
NOTARY PVHLI
RELIANCE LOAN AND HAV1NG3 CD.,OK ONTARIO.
1000
— DR.—
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERM*
BRYSON, - - QUE.
31. To e?iah on hand...............
11 Arrears of Municipal Taxes
Bonus Tax
79 54 351 OS 143 10 88 90 424 97 ÜU3 IS 497 54 50 00
“ Road Labor Tax
44 Municipal Tux Roll 1900.....................
41 Bonus lax Roll 1900.........................
4 Road Labor Tax Roll 1900.....................
44 Hotel License Fees..........................
44 Burtch’s Show License fee...................
44 Kickapoo Show license fee...................
44 Trade license fees—Messrs. Stewart, Earl & Box
44 Adam Elliott for old plank..................
44 Dog tax and arrears.........................
4 Loan from Merchants’ Bank....................
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
AIL1FF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT i injury.
Shawvllle Que., re»pectfal!y solicit» Volunteers are strainirg every
c,o.r the ob.trucUon i.
i.iadeandp'omptret urnnsssnred	J the shaft and to n a h the unL r unate
entombed, bat no hope is Bela cut for
J. J. TURNER,	I their safety.
xezsszssxssz -MgEE'tS
aud satisfactory manner, Good» or article* | as to the cause of the explosion in No. 0 of any kind taken and disposed of by publie I ghift, in which the accident occurred the
«u going,,,,
month, a variety of article» always on | but the tire wai still burning although not hand for sale: Office : Shawvllle, Que
B
2 00
10 00 30 00
Fop Sale
x
75
9
45 00 389 90
The South East Half of the South West Half of Lot No. 13 on the 3th range of Bristol, owned by the late Patrick Murphy. and said to contain about fifty acres (more or les*5. The land is in a good state i of cultivation, is well fenced, and near the ] railway station and post office. Will be sold on terms to suit purchaser.
Applv to T. G. MURPH V.
Am prior, Ont.

2775 96
— CR.—
By amount paid out per vouchers, resolutions and
exemptions............
* arrears Bonus Tax.......
44 arrears road tax........
44 arrears Municipal Tax....
44 balance due, cash on hand
RUBBERS
2181 25
143 41 105 01 280 38 58 91
so fiercely ns during the previous 36 hours. The tremendous body of water

• • •
pouring into the mine is expected to extinguish the tire in a day or two, but it will be several days before the bodies of the 61 entombed miners can be recovered, because after the fire has been completely put out it will be necessary to pump the water out of the mine before a rescuing party can hope to remove the corpses now lying at the bottom of the shaft.
NONE or THE BOD1B3 RECOVERED.
Victoria B. C, Feb. 19 —The latest news from Union, the scene of the colliery horror, indicates that good progress is bc-
E8TABL1SHED 1886.1 ing made in the search for the bodies of
the unfortunate miners. The fires have been put out and the inspectors have penetrated through No. 5 mine to No. 6, expelling the gas as proceeded and at last reports were within 100 yards of where they expect to find the bodies. Premier Dunsranir and party are on their way back to this city, having left the work of
recovering the bodies in the hands of ex-	_	_	_
perts. No. 5 mine was not badly damaged Dewet Badly Beaten bu„ escapee
by the fire but No. 0 is completely	Capture.
HOTELS.
a

St. Lawrence Hall
Tenders for Stone ||g&
WANTED
9
2775 %
*»
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress#
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al rays well famished.
First-class Liyirt Attachn».
A
We have this day examined the Cash Account, Collection Rolls and Vouchers
of the Secretary-Treasurer and submit the above Statement.
W. A. Hodoinu H. S. Barnett,
4# ^

Sealed tenders addrewed to the undersigned will be received np till Saturday the 23rd of February inst ..for the delivery on the Corporation Lot Shawville, 50cords j of boulder stone	'
}
Auditors
Shawville, Feb. 2, 1901
o

will outwear two pairs of Ordinary Common Rubbers.
Search the World and you will find nothing better than
JmifoMi by Every Rubber Manufacturer and Dealer, but no imitation has our specially Manufactured Rope Canvas or Duck, the only fabric which can be thoroughly impregnated with the Para Gum.
When worn out have leather sole put on and use for a Plow Boot.
TheJ. D. KingCo.tLimilecLhave
the only genuine
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
By order J. it. HORNER.
Sec y. Tress
?
— DR. —
I
To uncollected Taxes 44 cash on hand ....
533 80 58 91
cumstancee he would not have committed De Rivieres is under arrest and will have his preliminary hearing tomorrow. While admitting the slaying he claims to have acted in self defence. A coronet’s inquest resulted in a verdict of murder being retorned against DeRivieres. Row sad's mother resides at No. 30 St Patrick St Ottawa.
The Shawville
Stoîjfcsf
594 71
FACTORY
SASH and DOOR
By note due Merchant# Bank.... t4 Balance in favor of Corporation
4i)0 00 400 00
194 71
ALL KINDS OF—
Murder at Greenwood, B. C
Interior & Eiterior
FINISH FOR
EsaeesSs Verandahs
Details reached Ottawa on Tuesday of the murder at Greenwood, B. C.of Harry Howand, formerly of Toronto and
Two Children Burnt to Death
wrecked
Pretoria, Feb 17 -Gen. DeWet having
Last Friday,® Citizen contained the I crossed Orange river with a large ammuni-following item, referring to the death of a tjon ç0j pjamer’s column gave chase to
Clarendon	* rdeideDfc °f him and inflicted a severe defeat upon his
Many will learn with regret of the death command at Fhilipitown. The Boers re of Miss Jennie Cowley, which took place ! tired in confusion at night through rain last night at the residence of her mother, I j roud. They narrowly escaped capture. Mrs. D. K. Cowley, Richmond Road.
Deceased had been in failing health for a
j i longtime, but her condition was such as I was .	, . ,
(T\ to cause immediate anxiety to her family. Gen. De "ets retreat at *
About 7.30 o’clock last evening, she had He captured 50 prisoners and 20 wagons
asmsw
i Calabogie Feb. 18.-The house of Mre.
11110	_* **”JP*7 Rioter, at the hands of, George Lagree caught tire today at
James F. McGill Dent?ieres of Ottawa, ; o'clock while she was visiting a neighbor formerly engaged as civil engineer on the for a few minutes. The flames spread Crowe >est Pass division of the C. P. R. I with great rapidity and in them the two have been received from Greenwood, i ,0UDpeat children cf the family perished, where the tragedy took place. DeRiviers ! j|jf remains of the two bodies were taken is an excitable little French-Canadian, I from the debris, and although horribly about 4ti years old. Go Saturday night, I burned, could easily be identified. The it appears Rowand, who was intoxicated, ' village has been cast into gloom over the visited hie cabin and afteramusiug himself, ,sd affàirand great sympathy is expressed
for a time In teasing -‘Frenchy,’ ai De-j for the mother, who is almost heart-
Rivters was called, as to his Quebec origin ; broken. Her husband, who is in the and increasing him own intoxication en- J Nanties at Riyside, has been telegraphed deavored to place the engineer on the red hot stove. Upon this DeRiviers drew a
case knife and used it twice with fatal Editor Watson Litle, of the L Orignal } Forty dollars a minute represents John
effect. Opinion in the camp seems to be Advertiser had his dwelling house and j D. Rock feller's income frr m th Standard that DeRivieres was goaded and fright-1 printing office destroyed by Are on Wed- j Oil Trust Uet year. Just figure this oui ened iuto the act, which under other cir- * needay last.	, for idee of this man's enormors wealth
one
MANVFAcrrrr.ED
one
DOORS, BASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. Ac,
Kept in stock and ma le to order.
1V.UBBR DRESSE b AT P0PCLARPRICE8

Rubber.
Don't buy unless the words
are stamped upon the sole of each Rubber ; all others are frauds upon the Public^^MÉ^M

Col. Grabble, with a force of guards, sent with an armored train to cut off
StaSîH
McCREDIE & HODG1NS
Estimates furnished

for


###PAGE###6###

» #








—
cliffs, it commands a lovely view of the buy—looks toward the Pur beck wyy Hills on the i ight, and the Isle of £7 | Wight and lli nglstbury Head on the left. The house itself, as far us l could sic, left nothing to be desired, and the grounds had been beautified iu the highest form of landscape
to the carriage, and obo# acated t urn-etl to us and bowed her gracious
RAILWAY RUMBLINGS.
ABOUT OUR LATE QUEEN
I
%
Wsri
lmere*U
greeting.
Wo stood /or some minutes gazing after the carriage aa it rolled away to the reviewing ground, and then th*' Cvdonul premier at my elbow shook hijiuK-lf nnd said :
"lieid, 1 would not change my position us a *ub)»*ct of that woman to bo preside ni of t h" proudest republic on earth.”
Ltiit May 1 was enabled to cubit from the Trans rial err tarn news of moment to h<\r ,m t j'-sty
later, wh n I returned to Km g land, I found n graceful little telegram of thinks from the queen hang.s framed in my study in Ixwidcu ami I pusses*
NO PitOUOKU TREASURE.
1 The Man Who Knows
Railway».
The ground over which' the London and North-Western Railway runs extends from London in the south to Carlisle In the north, and from Cambridge in the east to Ho I y he* d in the west, a distance of MG miles lU RftgCU by 200 miles in breadth.
When locomotives were first built khe driver guvv notice of ilia approach V blowing a tin ho. n. Several mishaps Months occurred, however, through the horn not being heard. George Stephenson thei xipon invented the contrivance which, when attached to the boiler and the steam turned on. gave out the shrili whistle with which everyone is wo familiar.
Colenso railway bridge over the luge 1 a, which it will be remembered was blown lip by the Boors at the commencement of the campaign, was the largest on the Natal Government Railways. It consisted of five spans, each 105ft. in length, the width being llift., and was built in 1877. Krere Bridge, which was also destroyed by the Boers, only consisted of two 105ft, spa us.
Two hundred miles o£ the southern section of the Manchurian Railways were destroyed by the Chinese at the commencement of the "Boxer" rebel, lion All the station buildings have been burned down and a large number of engines and much rolling-stock destroyed, the damage being estimated at over £*2 000,000. The repairs of the line will probably cost about £1,200 per mile.
From the year 1829— when George Stephensons "Rocket" won the prize of A'ftiO offered by the directors of the Live i pool and Manchester Railway Company, by travelling at the rate of twenty-five and thirty-five miles an hour—to the end of 1W0 it is estimated that £720,000,000 was expended on railways in the United Kingdom. The gross annual receipts amounted to £02 000,(00 and the net earnings to about £30,000,000.
Most of the railway companies now have the carriage cushions and carpets cleaned by the compressed air system. This safes the wear and tear consequent on cleaning them with brooms and brushes. Besides, armed with a single air-cleaner, one man cun clean three cushions in the time it
SOME INCIDENTS IN THE LIFE OF
HER MAJESTY.

A* timlwem War fnrropAnihsl Peser I be» Her m He *aw Her tin Several Orem»» I me-Review #f Troop* nt Mliiber*H ami Wlmb>«t«s—*er*e at Treiurls.
Writing before the queen's death, Douglas Story, the famous English war correspondent, describes her majesty as he. sa .v her oil several cocas ions.
One day in August, twenty years
were onl, known you r. ;	my ,rifnd an(1 „„ ,„lber
in u summer-home ii|H)h the lawn. Both appeared unaffectedly glad to and equally sorry to hear
the truth
our mysterious friend Nineveh
1 poR the cutter over on another tack, and we ww»t crashing back t h i ou g b	blue water towards the
pier. Toe strains of the bund came faintly off to us. 1 had enjoyed my sail, for I had taken a great fancy to this huight young fellow sitting by my side. I felt I should like to have finished t&< education his father had so gallantly begun. There was something irresistibly attractive about ham, so modest, so unassuming, and yet so straightforward and gentlemanly.
Dropping him opposite the bathing machines, I went on to my own anchorage on the other side of the pie i
and went up to the town gotten to write an important letter that morning, and as it was essential that the business should be attended to at once, to repair my carelessness, 1 crossed the public gardens and went through the gardens to the post office to send a telegram.
1 must tell you here that since my
,
We walked for some distance in silence
began to talk again—this time, however , in a new strain and perhaps with a little more caution
"You have been a great traveller, I understand, Mr. flattera*.''
"A fairly great on You also, 1 am told, nave seen something of the world."
"A little—very little.11
"The South Seas, l believe. IL) y ou know Papeete?"
"1 have been there.1'
"D'yceu know New Guinea at all?"
"No. 1 was never near it. 1 am better acquainted with the Far Hast —China, Japan, eic."
Suddenly something, 1 shall never b,? able to tell what, prompted me U> say;
"And the Andamans?"
The effect on my companion was as sudden as it was extraordinary. For a moment he staggered on me

Presently in y companion
see me
that 1 liait dime to but them go. d
Mr. Barter was not visible
bv
and it w as w il b no IHt le nu prise I
learned that hu, too, was contemplât-| 8^	writee, I saw the queen for
tfc«\ first liny. It was in Edinburgh,
trip to the metropolis,
"1 hope, if ever you 1	__
mouth again, you will come and see uv iid the Du ko as 1 rose to lea I t "Thunk you," said k "and 1 hope I °itiaen soldiers, and in the fore part
if , ver your non vtails Australia you , thA day lbe Queen's park was will |H'i init me to lw of some service | checkered l.ke u highland tarlan
with its multi-colored bodies of
mg a
To-day It
Mr. Baxter
visit Bourne-I an<1 ®*r uiaj\ity had come north to
review the volunteer forces of Scot-
land, All Scotland
red forth its
«nii
It w difficult for an Englishman to writ© or to ppvik intelligently of h 8 feeling for th.* qu on wh> h pis*-
twice in my
to him.
‘ You are very kind
mg ao gently «way
vmr offer in mind."	I U' l'0,re *»>e parade etnuinenoeJ. each lifl‘ l h 'vv Veen in the |« nit ion whore
Shaking baud.) with thorn bulb, I a rnin “«tiled down as Edinburgh lt was treason to aing "Ho I Saw I <•
1 hade ihom good-bye. and wont out |	»<* known from that day to this. Qy." «» ' “»e	in|PfcaeiTV ,n*
In nn twp^ n carriage, protected only Cl *enl °f my career was the s.nglng
wit h umbrella an I mackmtnuh. her lho ***** anthem when Herd
Rotor te uniurled the union Jack in
1 will bear j *r<xW«
Then 1 pulled myself ashore
I had for-
th rough the gate.
But 1 was not to escape without an
interview with my clerical friend a£-I nklJe*tY aat while 25,000 men slipped
\s I left the grounds amt *Mst h^ in the mud. Marching was lu.iKd into the public road 1 saw s im^lWe. At parts of the route the | ”<* a dry eye among the released
little wicket gate | volunteers were mid-thigh in water | prisoner# by my site, and tnmy »
browsed and battered veteran biu bed
there was
Pretoria <>n June 5 last.
ter all
man emerge from a
8om< fifty yards or so further dowi ISttd k*S Ikt of deatbi from peew meeting with Mr. Baxter, the young	P*(b like a drunken	man; his face j ^	lud^è. From	the	way he made	m^nia	and phthkds that followed exMarquis’s tutor, 1 had been think-	tfrvW a*hi'0 pale, and	he had to give ! ^ ^ appearance, it was obvious he	had	I	oeeded	thane	in many	a "hard fight,
ing a great deal about him, and the	utterance to a hoarse	choking twuud j ^	,n xxaptmg for	me	to leave	the	I	But	Queen	Victoria	faced it through
more 1 thought the more certain 1	before lv- could get uut a w. i»l Then
To he said;
away a tear as th • rule prayer roee
from th© kirk «quire.
Then, ua n<Av, we were thinking not
rmijesty and
—faced it with the memory of the ^ Queen \ ivtvi Li a
might, but of the trail little yoman
wot h Lug the fretted beds at Net ley,
carrying fruit and je I lie# to the
at Osborne and Balmoral, of the
house
certainly enough, my old ,atal chill her husband caught in As 1 came up with | the name city nineteen years before.
But there bis been no other review,
became that we had met before
11 was friend Baxter
No—no—you are quite mistaken, It was one of 1 assure you. 1 never knew the
And a mans.’’
tell the truth, a great distrust of the man was upon m » those peculiar antipathies that no one can expiai*. 1 did not like hi* face, and 1 felt sure that he did not boast world knows, aie located the Indian
him he said, with the same sancti-
tliat usually encircled I am,« my memory serves me rightly, I PUI>1 hi6 mouth playing round it now;	I** has ucrer atept a night in the ^finitely tender .nother of nation*
• A nice evening for a .troll, Mr. «““‘“•h capital einoe.	.	Tbc picture tlwt elmga moot per-
Hat it-vas."	Th© following day 1 waa present af tentently to me is M a young g** I
A very nice evening, as you say. | the great military review in Wim- | queen vu the balcony at Buckingham
Beneath, a r< g.ment is Icav*
below
mom ou s g: m
Now, ou the Andamans, as ail the
penal istablishm. uts, and noting As tny thoughts were still occupied hie behaviour, 1 became more and j with him, my astonishment may be luvrv convinced in my own mind (hat ; j^r i^xter.' imagined, on arriving at. the building, there was some mystery about Mr. at Hireling him face to face upon the i Baxter that had yet to Is.* explained, steps. Lie seemed much put out at j I had still a trump card to ploy.
"I'm afraid you are not very well, his “Good-afternoon" for all the | Mr. Baxter, i said at length. Ter-
world as if 1 had caught him in the haps the heat is too much for you,
or wc
any too much love for me
bledou park, when the young Princes pilaoe. your Albert, Victor and George returned uig fur Syria, and as it paws
from the-ir tour around thj world, ^ P^h thj girl bends, draws oft What is your ibe occasion was memorable because b r little featin shoe an I casts it uftei
I on that day were more of the immedi- | fb* noliBats for luck
later «be lies' dying, the most loved
“May 1 intrude myself uy privacy for five minutes?" “With pleasure.

Sixty years
seeing me, and hummed ami hawed
business?"
“Of small concern to you, sir, but I a to descendants of the queen gather-
Mr. |ed together than ever again met on | queen of wham Wory has any recard.
ovei
of immense importance to me
arc walking too fast? Ibis ie | Ram ras, 1 have it in my mind that | one field. Won't you come inside and
middle of some guilty action Returning his salutation, 1 entered my hotel the building and looked about me , *ake a g.ass ui wine or some thing to
revive y oaf"
MY MEMORY OF THE QUEEN
you do udt like me.”
Fur England’s Queen at last has dawned the day,
Releasing her from all her pomp and state,
"1 hope 1 have not given y cm cause at th.it time i* of * very little lady, to thiuk so. Vi ay what can put such j vvry plainly dressed in black, who
a notion into your head?"
for a desk at which to write my
wire. There was only one vacant, '	nodded his bead eagerly. Large
and 1 noticed that the pencil suspend- drops of perspiration stood on his ed on the string was still swinging forehead, and 1 saw that he was quite
•at extremely upright in her car-
1 half hoped that he would make I riago and bowed with a slow, sweep- | The cares and hills of imperial gggalluouu to telegram had hug inclination, vastly expressive despatched for me that morning, but her dignity. Behind her carriage, he was far too cunning for that. He L>n the rumble, stood John Brown and looki d me over and over ou.t of his the other Scotch gillie, kilted in the small ferrety eyes before be repli- royal Stewart tartan—stern
sway,
And opening for her feet the pearly gate.
scum
to and fro as it had been dropped, unstrung
1 am nut well -not at nil well
took to clean one by the old method
Now Baxter had only just left the building, so there could be no p Bible doubt that it was he who had last roum 1 rung for twe
As soon as we lunched the smoking-
brandies and When they arrived he drank But hi* off almost at a gulp, and in a few
A nation mourns and hearts overflow At many of th* loco, works, too, boiler-
seams are closed by the same plan. The air has a force equal to 10.000 tapa of the hammer, and does the work
with dread.
Her sons in other dunes their trib-
men,
,	I whoec devotion to the queen was as , w,v. ,
“1 cannot tell you why I think so, pure and spontaneous as the air of | While millions o'er the earth will bow Mr. flatteras* but in t met generally | their native glens makes us aware when we are not
sodas
used the stand. 1 pulled the lot in towards me and prepared to write as 1 did so 1 noticed that the previ-
cd;
utes pay
seconds was pretty
very quickly and effectively.
The London Metropolitan and District Railways are taking traction On then 1 ms. Tenders for the under.
well himself
the head,
As strikes the hour no mortal hand can stay.
ous writer had pressed so hard upon again his pi noil that he had left the exact
Years passed before I again saw her
quite all we might l>e to other pvo I majesty, and then it was on a long I
pie. Forgive me for speaking in this country road near Balmoral it was Where rising sun with brightest b.'ams
z-SSr — - - —•
good terms with friends of m> em | to me and bowed—a gentle little lady | Where lie the land/» that face the
Bun's decline,	...
From East to West, the sorrow is •« involved, and tin* cost of changing
the same
1'bttuk you far join k.ntlivsMr.
1 think vsv mu>t
H altéras, ’ ue said
impression of his message plainly visible upon the pad. it ran as loi- bave walked up the uill a lit lie too
fas»i for my strength. Now, i must
You omitted bv going hack to the town. I find
J have iorgotteu something."
Almost by instinct 1 guessed his lie was going to despatch Sailor Hotel, East India Dock Road, another telegram, Resolved to try
the effect of one parting shot said;
taking have been invited by Sir Wm.
the companies’ consulting engineer, from American as well as British firms. Over fifty miles of line
lows;
“Letter received, reverend
Dru etomenfa of danger bas ui. en.’
The train is laid, but a
pi oyer's family."	I sitting very low in her low-swung
• You are surely not afraid lest 1 carriage, with thJ Princess Beatrice should prejudice the Du*»' ng un^t | beeido her and a single attendant on you/"
the system from steam power to elec-
eiraud
It was addressed to “Nikola, Green
trie is estimated at one million sterl-
Sh) had aged greatly in | 'Ti# not to pomp nor sceptered power
and show
horseback.
ing. It .#txp,cted that, when once the Such tribute's paid. Her lofty wo- work of alt- luiioo i* < umm« n< < <1, it
will take about eighteen months to complete the new system.
An independent company will petition the British Parliament next year for as net ion to construct a submarine
1
London," and was signed "Nineveh, 'lbe message was so curious that
1
Not afraid. Mr. Hatteras!
th© intervening fifteen years, and
have too inueh faith in y oui sen^e I there was a pathetic wistfulneas io i	manhood
of justice to believe that you would ^ faoc [ did oot remember from The nations own ; the people fully willingly deprive me of in y moans of |OQg 4J^0k	know
livelihood—for of course that is what | Thvre io hcr highland home she The truth he speaks who calls Vie°	toria good,
was woman rather than queen—a
go d and kindly woman, who sent | Her royal jewels blazon forth their
worth;
Perhaps you do not happen to be
1 looked at it again, and ihv longer 1 Looked the more certain 1 became R l>*nK n‘ ai the telegraph ofiioc again? that Baxter was the sender. Partly ^ You are, should 1 be taxing your
kindn as ux» much if i asked
you to
because its wording interested me and partly for another reason which *vax v a message there lor me? 1 find
I 1 haw forgotten oat.*
He bowed and simply said;
With much pleasure,"
it would mean in plain English."
I
“Then you need have no fear have just said good-bye to them
going away to-morrow, and it is | very Improbable that 1 shall ever see either of them again."
“You are leaving for Australia?"
tunnel under the Solent in order to
will become apparent, later ou, inked the message over, tore it from the pad, anu placed it carefully in my (
1
jellies from the castle to the frail old in the cottages, and who
And brightly gleams her splendid establish railway communication between the mainland and the Isle of
am
I crown
still drove out occasionally to tea in I They count for naught. The people# Wight
shepherd's hut or a gamekeeper’s	of the earth,
! j	Will hearken only when her virtu.	. •	...	# -	... I ous deeds are told.
Down in the village of Oral hie was
“I a in much obliged to you for I tb<i little church she bad built, and the generous way you have treated evX\ry Sunday the Balmoral party eat me. 1 shall never forget your kind- j listening to the chaplains rqyal of
ness."
It is proposed to start the tunnel at Hurst Castle, a point which project# well out into the Solent, being about two miles from Tolland Bay, i where the tunnel will end. It will be
He pronounced it “pieesure," and
One thing at least
pocket-book
wus certain, and that was, if Baxter ^v‘	11 licked his lips in his
1 w on-
If he were not dered how be would conduct himself
usual self-satisfied fashion
were the sender, there was something
“Very shortly, 1 think."
—John A. Offord.
under hand going on well, then there could be no possible xx ^1 n ke su w message 1 was going to write.
constructed of tubes larger but similar in design to those employed in making No, «aid Miss Caye* a ¦, I don’t care the Loudon Central Electric Railway, for people who continually pay com- The cost of carrying out the schema
estimated 4.7 GOOD,
But it Dhows an amiable disposi- about two and a half years to com, plete, after the necessary Act o 1 But to mi* the habit re- Parliament has been passed.
harm in my keeping the form as a little souvenir of a rather curious
HER OPINION OF COMPLIMENTS.
Taking a form from a table near where 1 sat, 1 wrote the following; “John Nicholson,
“Laiigbam Hotel. London.
.Scotland—Principal Story, Dr. Cameron Lues, Dr. MacGregor, Dr. Norman McLeod
Is that Then
"Pray don't mention it. all you have to say to me? good-evening!"
“Good-evening, Mr. Hatteras."
“H ATT ERAS "	H- turned buck by another gate I fail h, and many an earnest discussion
Blotting it carefully J gave it in-	iul°	lht‘ 8urdt'n- ind 1 conLinüed	“I	baa her	majesty	waged over	the
to his hands, at the same time asking 1	wajr	all>Ug the cUff' reflecling on	the	luncheon	table	afterward,
him to read it, lest my writing should i	mterT,CW 1 bad Just P»ssed Kpiacopalian in England, » member
not be decipherable and any question!	lf the lrutb muat	^	of the church of Scotland in	h"
might be asked concerning it As he	known 1 Waa qulLC al “ losa to	un'	northern	kingdom,	the queen had	hcr
read I watched bis face intently d"rsU"ul whal he meant by lU XV b> I ohaplaina and respectful friend, oo
Never shall 1 forget ,be expression bad bt' a^d lbal quesUon ab0Ut that swept over it. 1 had scored a
experience.
I wrote my own message, and having paid for it left the office. But 1 was not destined to have the society of my own thoughts for long. Hardly had 1 reached the Invalids' Walk before 1 felt my arm touched my supreme astonishment 1 found myself again confronted by Mr. Baxter. He was now perfectly calm and greeted me with extraordinary civi-
Many a curious ser-
plimente.
mon ha# royalty heard from Jh ae stout old upholders of the Scottish
“The train is laid, but a new danger has arisen.
tion
Per ha pe
minds me that some people are will-

To
/
An
i
ing to pay only what costs them no- |
,	. .	.	Let the young man who blushes take
th.ng and what they don t really owe. courage, for it is the color of virtue.
The Dangers
Uty
BOTH SIDES OF THE TWEED.
Once more I saw the queen apart from her public appearance in lam-don less than two years ago. It was at Windsor and her majesty waa to
Mr. Hatteras, 1 believe," he said. “1 think 1 had the pleasure of meeting you on the sands a few days ago. What a beautiful day it is, isn’t it? Are you proceeding this way# Yes? Then perhaps 1 may be permitted the honour of walking a short distance
Australia? Wn< it only chance that had led him to put it, or was it done
of La Grippe.
complete victory. The shall went home. But only fur an instant. With wonderful alacrity he recovered himself and, shaking me feebly by the hand, bade me good-bye, promising to see that my message was properly delivered.
Whi n he had gone 1 laid myself going up the cliff to my hotel, and I buck in my chair for a good think, shall be glad of your company think we met in the telegraph office
designedly, ami for some ieasun connected with that mysterious "train mentioned in his telegram?
I was to find out later, and only too thoroughly
review her honorable artillery com- | JQ PERSONS OF LOW VITALITY-LOCAL AND GENERAL
TREATMENT PRESCRIBED BY DR. CHASE.
1 ha<l accompanied a
piny there faimrus colonial minister to the park,

with you."
“With pleasure," I replied
To be Continued
and the queen had intimated through With tb‘ very young and very old j Turpentine is too well known as a Sir Jama* Rail, the physician who and with (persons of low vitality, the* cure ior bronchitis and severe chest
»•** inobnuovsnuss.	«...	to W* b* ,tot.b.	.«.Id	£££2 %%% %; %	ftMlKItyS
Charley, dear,	said	young	Mrs.	Tor-	llku	11	“ “ W<’U H an<.	'	* 1	farm is n frequent result. It is a I-	in the system and builds them up. It
might greet him bn entering hcr car- clammed that very many eases o? rekindles the vitality of persons weak-
i was permitted to accompany	eonaumpti--n can be directly traced	ened ljy disease, worry or over-exer-
to la grippe. The after-effects of	tion, and cannot posai by be equalled
la grippe arc moat bften felt in the	as a restorative and reconstructant to
nervous system. The extreme de-	hasten recovery from La grippe, and
be I it y in which this disease leaves it#	to prevent serious constitutional com-
rtatrm Is more than most nervous ay*, team can endure—paralysis or prostration follows.
The most successful doctor* advise th ir patkmts to avoid ex&nsure to cold br over-exertion, and recommend both general and local treatment, such as Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food, to Strengthen and tone the system, and Dr. Chaw’s 9yrup orf Linseed and Turpentine to loosen the cough and protect the bronchial tubes and lungs
from threatened complications.'	mg it, and now am strong and beal-
Any honest and amscientious doo- thy, and fesj real well. I am perfectly tx*r will tell you that this combined sure that anyone who usee Dr. treatment rtoommended by Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food tyill belisve, as 1 Chase cannot be surpassed ad a means do, that it is the b#t strengthened of relieving and curing la grippe, and restorative obtainable", arnd restoring the weakened and Dr. Chase’s remedies are for sale ht debilitated body to its accustomed vi- all dealers, or Ed ma neon. Betas I
**r Dr. Chase’s Syrup of Linseed a#d Co, Toronto
"1 am
* ! The situation was a peculiar one in !

every way. If he were up to some devilry 1 had probably warm «I him In the poet office, 1 think. 1 had not, why had he betrayed himself so occasion to go in there to register openly? a letter."
If kins, I am go ng to turn over a new leaf.
In What connection ?
I’m going to quit being superstitious. I have always disliked to begin anything on Friday.
Yes. It is very silly of you.
Well, your arguments have convinced me. You know that new dress I was talking to you about?
Y-yee.
Well, I’m going to atari out and buy the material on Friday, Just to show I’m not afraid.
just now."
liage.
the two gentlemen to A spot on the her race near where the carriage waa
Half an hour later an answer to
His speech struck me as remark- my first telegram arrived, and, such able. My observation was so trivial is the working of Fate, it necessitat-Lhat it hardly needed an answer, and ed my immediate return to London, yet not only did he vouchsafe mil had been thinking of going for some one, but he corrected my statement days past, but had put it off. Now and volunteered a further one on his it was decided for me. own account. What reason could he As I did not know whether 1 should have for wanting to make me under- return to Bournemouth again. 1 demand that he had gone in there to ter mined to call upon the Marquis to post a letter? What would it have bid him good-bye. Accordingly, don-mattered to me if he had been there ning my hut, I set off for the house, as 1 suggested, to send a telegram?
"Mr. Barter,” I thought to my- ! Duke of Glenbarth possesses house# self,’’ I’ve got a sort of conviction io half the counties of the kingdom; that you r# not the man you pretend but I sm told his seaside residence to be, and what’s more I’d like to* takes precedence of them all in his j bet a shilling to a halfpenny that, *f affections. Standing well out on U« *fce
standing.
As wti walked over Sir James told how her majesty was very sensitive &ti to any but her immediate suite being present when she walked these latter days. She had grown so heavy of late year* walking had become „• pain to her, and she dreaded any publicity of her suffering.
Arriving at our point of vantage w that A long gangway had been raised to the carriage to obviate the necessity of her majesty’s gtep-
Quickly the door
plica lions.
Mr W. H, La Blance, Honfield. Ont., writes;
"I was once a sufferer from catarrh, and while using Dr. Chase’s Catarrh Cure I was recommended to use also (Ehr. Chase’s Nerve Food to build up the system I have found it the best preparation for strengthening the body that 1 even used. My nerves exhausted and I waa too weak
WHAT'S SAVED IS MADE.
Tees—Mr. Phoxy seems very anxious ping up or down, to ha we hi* wife make over her last opened and the queen appeared, leaning on the arm of her Ipdien,servant #40 W and on a thick ebony walking stick. Vary glawly she crossed the distance
Now if Burke may be believed, the

year's gown.
JtittS




###PAGE###7###

UNDERGROUND WORKERS.
PERSONAL POINTERS.
kwp the *41 œ a level. Put on the
giant
with manure to tta very top. plant until the find beat la gone.
The planta will sprout beat to the dark. It will be beat to oarer the
glana, but aa eom a* the planta are {TUB POfitilDILlTIgS OP POPCORN
through the ground g Ire them light j KLrst| be“refui to aeleotlng, and and air. When, the planta tow. b the thooW| „	lbe gba>1> ,e,low
glaea pry up the frame Juet a little j rk# Mrn with smiLU| hard ktrneu. at a time, no a. to keep the planta ,>u<w # ba„,,fuj to the popper, and ola*. to the glaaa. Planta down In a *,,„ke brlakly over a bed of glowing pit will grow aplmlltog. Mils is ^ab^ then hold it above a leas severe where the beginner <a euro to make a beat a molnent to cmpiet, the cook-nuMtake, They will atuke awl nui ing and mnke each kernol tender. That down th-trame, makta t U Immova' le. * lbe plaifl unseasoned style. But If Lea*, it lone on top of the manure „ rlober „,rt ^ ^.^ed. proceed as I directed, and It can be adjusted I follows. M<llt „ |urap jf butter and to «urt the wants of the plants
& lemon squeesed Into a cupful of hot water without sugar taken night and morning.
Le mon-Juice and sugar furnish a common household remedy for coughs and colds. Hot lemonade Is also good; l»ut the very beat form In which the lemon can be used for such cases Is
Fill all around tbs frame
Dont
hints for
THE FARMER.
Xe .rly Peur aed a II .If Millie» Keeple IMre In ihr ftanli fer a Urleg*
According to a recent 6oen4>ulatioa madd in France ( befe are 4 85a 1^*6 pviaou-i of boih seau» wIij spend l-eir lives procuring from the earth such indispensable products us coal* metals and salt, which cannot be cla-^ad among the necessaries toilers spend their working hours tar below the surface. Not many years ago the treatment which thousands o| them received, and particularly the and children who toiled in the
HOUSEHOLD.
felee ef lelrrrsi A Hue!	ef Ibr
World*» firm Krepir.
If the gossip-writer of a Pari» paper is to be believed, the King of the Belgians is very vain of his personal appearance. Hie beard particularly is the object of much attention, for at night before retiring Hie Majesty envelops it in a silk bag. which keeps it in c url.
ÜVSB AND OA HiK OK FARM IMP LE»
MEN Wi
In purchasing a farm outfit, is is policy to Imy only the best. Remember that every piece bought must be
stored and kept in repair, so
ones should be purchased
the following : Put a good-sised lemon in the oven and let It remain until thoroughly baked. It will then be soft all through. Take it out, and add enough eugar or honey—honey is I table is covered with brushes, combs, preferable—to make a thick syrup j and various kinds of brilliantine. with the juice. Keep this warm,and	Prince llenry of Prussia was so
take a teaapoonful every few min- I bed a shot in his boyhood that his
friends were almost afraid to trust
Most of these
no un-
IIi4 toilet
neoeesA ry ¦¦¦pi ffeleot only those that sesm to 1»
made of tha best material, and avoid Utwwe that have a lot of levers attachments and springs, as these are often designed as talking points (telling agents than for any
women
deep coal minus in Great Britain, be
scandal. The adop-
utes.
Lemons in almost any form have a I him on their preserves wuh a gun bénéficiai effect in case of rheumatism | huit now, as becomes a naval officer
and ere recommended by doctors.
cams) a puo.ic
of Lumutii) laws led to a change
more
am
Uon
in the disgraceful conditions under which they worked and lived miners of the wor«d have now a plciuant existence compared with that which they Led a lew decades
for tt
real practical benefit to t ho farmer,
Buy of re-
iH
a pinch of salt in a large kettle on the buck of the stove, the# stir in a handful of corn. a loeg-handled spoon and stir gently till the first kernel pops, then me## it 1* the front of the the practice of drawing and spread- fltove and hold the cover on. In a few mg manure in t b v\mti r can claim moments, the tiny explosions will be that it «loom not waste as much in «nded, and the finished product is the field us it does in the yard, sa>h ready for emptying. The plain pop-
Mr. l) »y. Why will not the water <x)rn is preferable in the following re-off of u whole field leach It more than the water from the few square rods
he is an excellent marksman. Some years ago be and his brother, the German Emperor, had an exciting contest with carbines at 200 yards. This was during a visit tu Cowes. The Emperor won by seven points.
Duke Carl Theodore of Bavaria is an oculist, and the old Castlo of Tegern-soe is an eye hospital. The Duke studied in Paris and Vienna, and was only twenty-three when he took ha* j degree. At Tegernsee this Royal practitioner may be seen at all hours of the day by all classes of the people, and since he obtained spécial authority to practise from the Chancellor of the kingdom he has per for mM over 10,000 operations, with a success little short of marvellous.
Earl Wemysa, who, at the age of eighty-two, has married again, had previously celebrated his golden wedding. Stalwart and straight as a dart, the Earl bears the burden of years very lightly, and would pass for a man of sixty. Id the Bouse of Lords it is noticed that bis voice still keeps its ring, and his only connection with the early Victorian period, of which his economic views strongly savour is his attire. Though always carefully dressed he never appears without a velvet collar to his swallow-tail coat.
Always wear nice petticoats, so that The Duke of the Abruzzi, who made when your raj*e your skirts your ap- a name for himself some time back by pea ranee may be dainty
The
wlho ia to use the tool, liable hno
and buy for cash, me ft year's credit Li of no advantage to the buyer nod bis to be roundly paid for in Increased price, taken the place of wood ên many parte of the implements now on the market and in a great improvement, beanw, cultivator frames and other parts which are likely to hr exposed
durable than wbeB made of
WINTER HP READ MANURE.
I do not gee bow the advocates of
FASHIONS IN NECKWEAR
It would seem that new things In the line of neckwear ware long since beyond the ingenuity of the human brain, so many new inventions along that line have appeared within the past year ; but this is one of the fields of labor In which there are always
tied has
ago.
in no part uf the world are theia
underground workers, in
ao many
proportion to iola> population» as in Ibd South African m, n ca workers are in Uh gold mines, and
under
Plow
These
c i pea
Pudding No. 1,—Soak two cups crisp manure being tender popcorn, *n a pint of milk half
pleasant surprises, and the new y y shoulder cape is the latest. It may be aeen in every kind of fabric now used for neckwear, and takes the place of ties or other ornamentation.
pi Auuculiy ail aie u--gross
Ike worst tnuig
are more
wx»d, which checks otui warps from
In selecting, one should
of the barnyard? T1
on top and the lumpi projecting up ttn hour. Add half cup sugar, one cup above the enow and being darker than
it
overseers
wane
iiOout their ale is that the Boers o£ the Transvaal have never consented
ex pom ure
lo >k to durability, case of handling, lightness af draft, and ease of keeping in repair.
in the use of mower* or any other machine», a* Boon as the
raisins, two eggs beaton lightly and the »now draws tha heat, • > tin y thaw one tablespoon butter. Bake in a mod-oait long before the ground as bare. erate oven one hour and serve hot The leaching proceed* and the ground ^ith hard sauce, being frozen the water caunvt ttoak
in aod must run off the surface. As Gf flugar and pour it over the desired the snow nil thaws off several times quantity of corn. Form this intopi*-in tba cuairae of the winter the waste ties, first dipping the hands in cold
in thin way must bo considerable
There are aiment always one or two 0f a hot saucer and serve at once with raina before the ground thaws out Liquid lemon
more than 1 in. deep, which washes	Balls.—Make a thick syrup of mo-
ths manure and very little of the tasses and pour over a dish of corn, sediment lodges in the •oil, as it is Keep the hands cool by constant dip-already full of water. If the manure ping in cold water, and press the corn i* properly piled in the yard where into shape in the palms, the «took can run on it 1 do not think Wafers.—Grind the popcorn througn it wastes much except on the surface, a coffee mill or meat chopper, mix and on the bottom, where the weight with a thick syrup as above, and roll precises the water out, il it is drawn afl thin as possible with a rolling pin in the apring. 1 have often bad to on a bread board, stop drawing manure In the mil «lie of spring work, and wail for tha cen- a buttered dripping pan and pour over tre of the pile to thaw, and it cer- it a brittle taffy. This is nearly as ta in 11 y cannot waste until it thaws, good as nut taffy and more easily It may be all right farther euuth, digested, but fcn this climate I think it Is batter drawn in the spring, oven though it grind and make as if it were real duKX# not get dry enough in the fields coffee. The flavor is delicious and no Jk> draw It until it U time to beg in injurious effects follow.
Wonder bulls.—This Is a pretty feature to introduce at a children’s party. Make as described for popcorn balls, placing in the center of each a small toy or trinket as souvenir. Dolls.—Any little girl may possess
Lo ttuppi’ô-a the Uquoi salouud near
The irenavasl uovein-
A new material for neckwear is a crepe brilliant, a corded fabric, very light in weight and riok in effect. This is made on the new accordion machines and lends itself quickly and gracefully to the formation >f jabots, a* well as to the fancy shoulder cape.
The new ties are very jubot in effect. Cascades of various fabrics rising full at the throat, fall at a depth of from eight to ten inches from scoop stock collars of an infinite variety of shapes and materials. A great many lace edges are introduced in the making of these new stock ties, as well as in the formation of the oape.
the m*utis lu* UI ii «4 4 drawn a iuigo revenue irom
Pudding No. 2 —Make a thick syrup
«.keae baiouns by mean* of a heavy
ih*> result is mat most
cutting
knives btxxMnc dull, every other part k put ton more severe test, the wearing parts grind harder and the prop -1 lli'i) g power must be increased. Tihe kmve« should only be started when fcn good condition and much care should be used in keeping them an. There are many large machines that ât la not practical for a farmer to Own a lanes, but that can be owned in
with neighbors and taken
license Lax g mu lilaca miners have spent a large
diink, and
part uu liiciT earning* m
wuj durs, luuneries and other
water. Put each cake in the center
many
enmuti nave occurred.
Thousand* oi black men also work
sauce
in the deep diamond minus at Kimber-
feature of
ley. The muel peculiar their employ in en L is that during the oi tbuir contract they are
term
They live inside a large
prisoners
compound surrounded by a high board fence on wmcn guards are mounted. Every morning they are marched out lo the unncs and every night they
company
from place to place as needed, machines should have the same man to run thorn no fax as possible and Urns guard against accidents. Unless an implement k§ well oared for, the bent results from Its use oaoaot be
These
TO KEEP A GOOD APPEARANCE
Inside the
are in a re lied back again compound are the rude cairns lq
Taffy.—Place a layer of popcorn in
winch they sleep; and here and there are sUops where they may buy everything they require. Liquor, nuwevei in kept away Horn them, and so the years spent in the mines are far more proucabie to them in every way than is the case among the gold-miners.
Here come# in the need of a
Either a
had.
workshop on t'hc farm, building should be built fox the purpose or ono can be remodeled for use. Two rooms are at least necessary, and throw would el<n better. Making new or repairing carriage#, carts and implement# is divided into three or more classes or trades and a Shop or ruaun for iron-working, one for woodwork and another for painting are needed.
ascending Mount Elias, in Alaska, (Never lace a corset too tightly, as and who has now succeeded in getting this will push the flesh whore it “farther north” even than Nansen, should not be, and cause the « carer’s shared all the hardship# of his men hands, face or nose to I
Coffee.—Brown popcorn a rich brown
red, during the recent expedition cor- a hundred days they were obliged to
For
and swollen. For a slight sets of medium length in trout with I live on dugs' flesh, and the Duke lost short hips and low in the bust should two fingers through frostbite be worn ; for a plump woman a corset j Royal Highness, whose father, the nearly the same length all the way j brother of the late King Humbert, round Is preferable. Let the corset I was once King of Spain, entered the whether worn by a stout woman, or Italian Navy when he was quite a lad a slight one, nearly meet at the waist, and before he was eighteen started but open wider at the top and bottom I on a voyage round the world in an edge ; this will keep the figure in trim. | Italian man-of-war.
A stout woman should clasp her corsets from the top downward, whereas I aristocrats, whose family archives go a slender woman should fasten her | back to the reign of James V., but oorset from the lower edge upward, he has • all the good qualities of an -Wear your hair neatly and becom- j aristocrat and none of the meaner Lngly dressed ; if you have very little j ones. He is, a peer of the realm with hair, you should, in justice to your- a tent-roll uf £60,000 a year, but self, wear artificial. If the front hair there was no mock condescension in
VO.i.
Thu United Kingdom has over one-tenth of ail the subterranean workers uf uhu world. Ihuy are ma.nly engaged in the coal and iron mines of western and central England and south Scotland and in the Lin minus of Cornwall. Many of the iron and coal mines have now reached great depths and the day is not far distant when uf them will be abandoned, as
Ills
epnng waxk.
MAKING ICE IN MOLD* Where u farmer in not situated to
The. blacksmith a bop should ba fit- get ice readily from creeks or ponds, tod with n forge, anvil, drills and a it as possible to make it by running Here n horse can be shod, a I water into mold# and allowing it to tire, set, and most of the tools on the freeze. The beat molds are made of farm rep tired and sharpened. The metal, such as galvanized iron, cut wand «hop Should hive a good bench and Umldered in the proper dimensions, with a vi#K% a grindstone, p nsibly a Many who cannot go to the expense lath-»» and a full #et of carpenter trois, of metal for molds could build them The paint whop can be made nearly of wood. They should be made of •a useful as the other room, as there I the following measurements; 9 to 12 are many chance# to add to the use- in. wide, t!4 in. lung and Id to 24 in. fulnms of a wagon or implement if I high. The water will freeze much » coat Of paint or varnish is occasion- I quicker and with less danger uf ally giwn. Very few men realize I bursting the molds when they are of th«i impur tance uf varnish in saving this s lu pa than if made with the uar-a carriage br an implement if it is I row dimension perpendicular, ad mutin t tired in season. To hire it I If built Of wood, they may be made doom i# expensive) to do it oneself re- I uf inch board#, tonguod, grooved and quire# romt Bkill, but after a little planed smooth on tho inside. The practice it is not difficult. There is board# should ba set up in a stiff oo better place to educate the boys I framework, which can be properly or the. farm help than in the farm I braced at top, bottom and sides, and work «hp during tha winter months Lu constructed that the. whole can be ox an dull day#, and in such a shop j taken down quickly when the water as describ'd there is very little but j# frozen. The only method to get that can ba done in the way of re- the mold# nway from the Ice u to putrs, and much1 can be clone In mak- J pour hA water on tb? outside of them.
With metal mold# it requires very little to get them loose if they are properly made, but with wooden
difficulty will be experienced.
a large family of dolls by drawing faces on the corn, which often pops into grotesque shapes, furnishing noses and other features in just the right places. These heads can be stuck ou darning needles, and dressed with bits of old finery. The child's Imagination can furnish whatever is lacking in the artistic quality.
Decoration.—The useful part that popcorn plays in decoration must not 1 «	thin, an artificial fringe may i his handshake with the printer's mcs-
be forgotten. Strung on thread end M*	but select one that U | aenger who. while waiting for "copy"
festooned upon the Christmas tree, it | 001 heav7- or Lt wU1 not look natur-
aJ ; if the back hair needs to beadded
Lord Uupetuun is an aristocrat of
somt)
it will be cheaper to import Uian to sink to greater depths for mineral
A FREE TRANSLATION.
Willie—Fa, what'* thu meaning of Sec tru u»it Glui ia Mundi i Pa-li'm! well-vr Gloria Mumiy in tbi name uf b woman, I guetis. And, le mine ate —a c gutvss tbit's got soun-lhaig to do with * ride in an ambulance. Now, go to
bad.
H'm, 1
at a State* function in Australia, went up to him and proffered a friendly hand. And when, regretting tof select a switch that matches your	the Queen s bounty did not ei-
own in color and in texture, and do not tend beyond Great Britain, he sent have it top heavy or too long.	a cheque for £3 himself to the hippy
Every cue should like her beat at p0*™1 fatherot	Lk°rd U?pe"
sightly shoe is not nece.aar- all lLmee. not alone from a motive of	"of"%n Toritiah
lly a hygienic one. Grace and com- g«i(_respect, but because her friends Colony likes fort are compatible even after one is
emancipated from the idea that the
human foot Is wed g**-s hoped. The shoe
should clasp the heel and arch of the
foot firmly enough to prevent slip- ^ . the omj great thing in dress is ping, but should b* broad enough on ^ it well made and well hung the sole to allow free and Individual
transit.
finds its most appropriate background.
Hi
THE MOST SUITABLE SHOE
NOT WHAT HE WANTED.
Ye#, your honor, the butcher was
ugly. 1 tusked 1
What did he gtve you f Au under cut.
Three dollar# and coats.
BuT
McSwigan—I don't like that goat that comes into our back yard.
Mrs. McSwigan—But—
McSwigan—Exactly; that's why i don’t like it.
An
m
for a choice out
rr.ii
like to think of her as pretty or da in
Mr. Alfred Gilbert, R.A., who has
ty. As one advances in years, to have j been elected Professor of Sculpture at pretty and fashionable clothes it is not necessary to dress Like a young
the Royal Academy, is now in his flpirty-sixth year. A pupil of the late Six Edgar Boehm, he also studied in Paris and Italy. He lived for years in
tug new a leu.
and becoming
Rome, where Mr. Marion Crawford was one of his intimate friends. As the result of ten years' residence abroad be speaks French as fluently as English. The work by which
Mr. Gi liber i is best	in Loud « m l|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||l|l!llllllll!lllllllllll!lllll||||lll
is, of course, the Shaftesbury Mom* I Minerva—Yes. he and I had a do-orial Fountain at Piccadilly Circus An Ughtful conversation last night and even mure ambitious work the memorial to the late Duke of Clarence in the Albert Chapel at Windsor.
H*> used to occupy a studio next door to that of Sir Edgar Boehm, in the (Fulham Rond, but he must nuw be jeettve. sought in Maida Vale. Ho has been
movement of the toes.
The common-sense shoe is not suit-
one#
THE HUMORIST'S REPLY.
fhould be of moderate height, so as ^turixT.
not to crowd the foot too far forward. Yea, indeed, replied the other, I'd Tiu ex-Kmprees Eugenie is described pto of apace ehould intervene be- haw quit if I didn't, you know her home in Farnborough, Surrey,	~
HOTBEDS FOR FARMERS
more
Most farmers had better let hotbeds alone. lAs n rule, those who try theon are auxiwiw to sell their outfit in a year »_sr bwo, writes W. L. An.1er- m
Hotbeds will not run them- ^ a
and the weather is very fickle » early Hpring
has aomejoie who can be constantly
In Boston.
A HAD DENOUNCEMENT.
the theme was level Diana—Indeed?
tween the end of the foot and the toe of the shoe. Especial care should
be given to growing children in respect to the length of their foot-gear I ye took out buntin’ yesterday got a
Much future misery and pedal distor- few quails.
tion may be saved them by careful	Josh Gunn-Aw, yes ! A fool bird|R.A. eight years
of shoes adapted to their would occasionally fly into the shot.
son
HOW IT WAS
sad, white-haired with rheumatism spending most of her
She is too infirm now to
woman, and time in
We were discussing
Minerva—Yes. whether love Is subjective or ob
Hi Stackpole—I see that city feller
Unless the farmer
prayer
near and constantly mindful of the |*10 in the sanctuary of the big white botbod, rt won't pay
ere carod far and intelligently man- [built and under which are two large •ged, th y yield large profits in buth sarcophagi in red granite, laden with <*y and pleasure. I advise the wreaths of immortelles, each wreath farmer who will thus care for the hot- | bearing a card on which a royal auto-to have one by all means
Bad World»*» of » Good Scheme
•'My man. tell me bow you came to be a tramp.”
•‘Oh. bless yer, they got me F Jlne one o’ these don’t worry clubs, an 1 got 80 1 didn’t keer when I lost m’ job. ’
A drop of the blackest ink may diffuse a light as brilliant as the light of
But if they church near the mausoleum she had
It is said that once when the late
selection
growing needs. To produce a beautiful foot one must begin with baby's first shoes and sedulously watch ev-subsequent selection.
Lord Russe 11, then Sir Charles, was on circuit, be became so indignant He, admiringly,—You are a girl af- I with everyone in general and his
A COUPLE OF CONFESSIONS
LCD '
ter my own heart
solicitor client in particular, that he
She—Thank you. 1 hope you are not seized his large and heavy brief and
smote the solicitor on the head with it. The solicitor indignantly collected his papers and hurried out of court, murmuring that hr. would never brief Sir Charles again. Some time afterwards a shipping magnate came to the same solicitor with a big Brief Russell,*” he said. The
e has -endowed and ery
Ll.
graph is seen
In making U, first get the sash— (entirely supports the monastery. Three
8xti ft. i# (beat.
to neatly fit the «asix Select the [constantly for the souls of Napoleon «pot for the bad and set the frame (andthe prince imperial. The annivnr-
<m it

a man after mine, beca wise engaged.
e it’s other-

day
Than make the fr»me black-robed Benedictine monks pray
FOR THE TEETH
The schoolteacher stands at the fountain giving direction to the stream of life.
Bacon says youth are against old age ’
We pay our friends a high compliment, and one that is seldom unappreciated. when we exert ourselves extraordinarily to please them.
Flavel said that if men should riat from the dead and read their epitaphs, some of them would think they had gr>t in the wrong grave.
In the effort to please, there is involved a subtle flattery that is all the
It's lonesome here this evening, l more acceptable from its sincerity
never being suspected.
The Chinese bave a saying, that as unlucky word dropped from the tongue cannot be brought back again by a coach and sir horses.
Men, like horses, start aside from abject# they sec imperfectly. Enmities Cynirk—I wouldn’t mind being a started by an indistinct view, won 1c
often be allayed by confer eues.
To win the regard of some people, give your hand to assist them along j |gai» the respect of others, help
Mix one ounce of charcoal, as much
will lie on a dime, five
A PERPETUATED LESSON
quinine a#
grains of magnesia and a few drops Where are you going, my pretty maid*
Both a soft and a | To learn how to skate, kind air. she
said.
Mirk the ground, drawing a sary of the death of the young prince line entirely uround the frame and imperial is a day of broken-hearted a(f ir ()f roses
k**y from it, do that th pit sorrow to the empress, who, indeed,	^	^ uaede Bnd the
will Im ijine foot water on every side mourns her double loss every hour of	teeih brushed from the topi Pray, let me teach you, my pretty I im* oe IWe- as Rustell had ne'er apolo
than thr.». frame. Met the frame aside her sad life. Her face in the saddest downward, the lower teeth from the	maid.	giz*A. Then give me my paper#
and dig the pit aluut 15 in. deep, one can possibly imagine. Always,	UpWard. The inside of the You taught me last week, kind sir, she !	ÊVelit ually^thc
Arrange for «Irainage ho I hat it is riot even in the zenith of her power, a teeth require to be brushed in the I said,	I unhappy mon of law, not wishing to
put-isible fur water to stand in it, for charitably disposed woman, she is now flame way. Besides the usual brushing I	¦ -	j lose his best client, had to a polostanding water will dee troy the heat » benefactress to the poor within her	a *day the teeth should be	FIRST AND LAST.	j to Sir Charles Russell for leav-
and ruin the. M. Ocrer the bottom !»¦>«•-	I bru,,W with'soip three or four time, The ctothw , ,ot here lalt wint,r. Iin* thc court whcB *s“u,ted
a, week. This is not at first pleasant, I	siopay, wore out very quickly,
but it is very beneficial to the teeth.	^	you'd try to make this suit last.
of	Soap is an alkaline preparation, be-	it last, eh Î returned the tail-	I wiflh some of the neighbors would
sides being antiseptic, and it also helps ^ e d0D,t ^ink PU make it at all | come in (	j
to remove the tartar.	| unjeBa you make a settlement first
"The debauches of so many conspiracies
case
one
solicitor said be was sorry, but it was

with cornstalks
•esiat the drainage, then fill in one fo»t drop with manure tramped down hand. This manure nh mid haw been h aped and heated and worked over • tm** or two before being used. Place
fh frame now cm the manure, sloping 300 superb costumes have been appor-it four to nil inches to the south, tionod among her friends. Immediate-
^ut “ five idt six inches more of tnan- |y after King Humbert's funeral she	, h_
EzHrJLtrJ EBE-EErH	ErHEEE1
yield to the simple treatment of half things may pink up
•>r coarse litter to
THEY’LL COME
HIE LAST CHAPTER
Dowager Margbcrita,
» just completed the distribu-
t
Italy
tion of her personal effects, and has finally retired from the court. Her
I’ll just lie down on the eoueh for a nip ; that'll fetch 'em.
NOT HOPELESS.
ADVANTAGES OF THE LEMON
CURE.
IN A NUT-SHELL
Fir#t Theosophist—I’m afraid you’re
Jimson—A squirrel f Cynick—Yea, he finds the sec rev 01 life in a nut-shell

Pbt #m f ^r to mix inches of rich Boil, I ramp it well
tion, sud all her jewelry has been
Luuew up t.»p top, gi**n to relatif


###PAGE###8###


\
r
GREAT
CLEARING
SALE.
McCUIBE’S
i
i
CLOTHING.
Genii even : Wo have about ‘JO Suit sengths of Fancy English Worsteds that we procured at a bargain, They are the newest and most up-to-dato goods on the market, usually selling at $18. Our price for next
two weeks—$15 cash
just the same as if you paid
full price, and we put the" McGuire
fit and finish " on them all.
Boots & Shoes
$2,000
worth
S
of
• II»
New, fresh, clean Stock just opened up at our Store. Make your selections when you have the best choice.
TO BE SLAUGHTERED
During the month of February at
!
The SHAWVILLE BOOT & SHOE STORE
No. 1 trim
To make room for a fresh <t-xk of Spring Goods, which xpect about the 1st ot March. We have decided to sell out* entire stock of Boots, Shoes, Mitts and Moccasins at cost prices and under.
Come early and have your choice.
nung-s
we v
New Prints New Ducks New Cretonnes New Muslins New Cottons N ew W rappers. New Lace Curtains New Spring Blinds New Curtain Net New Art Muslins New Wall Papers
Etc,, Etc.. Etc.
W|c CUIRE, The TAILOR.

P. S.—All Winter Goods at cost.
1
SHAWVILLE.
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE
R|. STEWART
»

Sale of Lands for Taxes
1
}
Province of Quebec,
¦ v of the Municipal Council of the County of Pontiac
1st Division.
)
Province do Quebec,
Bureau du Conseil Municipal lu Cora tv do I'ontiu
Ire Division.
JE DONNE AVIS parle pits »nt it bs v.: ^ ci pipit's décrites seront vendues par encan public, à la - ills du comté o.e Pen tin vhlairo do Bryson. MERCREDI k SIXIEME >ur de MARS prochain, A DIX heures de l’avant midi, p ' r cotisations et frais men t ion v s sur les différents lots et parties de lots ci après d-krite*, A moins que les dites cotisations ne me soient payees r*v» v •< fim* vnv >J1*US usant K* jour tixe pour la vente.
9
I H EU EU V GIVE NOTICE that the land» hereinafter mentioned
\lock in the forenoon, for the assessments and costs due to the palitics hereinafter mentioned, upon the several lots or parts of lots hereinafter described, unless the same be paid to me with costs before
e aforementioned day of sale.
9
AU
munici
»
1
Taxes Municipales. Costs
Municipal Taxes. Frais.
Taxes
Etendu, d’écoles
Rang
le 1
N
Name «>f Municipality
*
Total
Lot
School Extent. i Taxes.
Rang e
Roll
Nu
i AsS1
No l do Municipalité
)
2	05
3	47
4	84
2 w
ICO
15
n
Alitieli
3 47
15< i
1	N O *s 41. 42, 4
2	S À 41, ill 42.. .
Campbell D. J..
Duel >s Auj’i-v. Dv'che: ty Daniel
rîaboury T. V... Unknown* Inoonr
Mo »rc David---
Martin 11. T.
N Un Thomas..

4 84
E. HODCINS & SON.
150
1 33
i :u
l'K)
o
»
2 34
1
H)
4

3 X A
2 20
10o#
2 20
4
2 35

200
»
45. 4 «
1 33
1

0
4	S {, 52..
4	Si 41»..
1	X W N
and 38
1 33
1 33
50
1
1
X
H

17
1 44
1 44
4 HO 22 74
100

»
K 45
Reuckw-.’d Fvi 1 William
12 70 30 70
1 <H)
V
)
I
Village]
Part—Partie 31 Part—Pat
v;%i*
Je
Chafeav Villa
XT'
l • *)
T
15 ÎH
1
s A H
\ and others-----
Iv J hn estate 'f—eta
Kelly T
GOODS WELL BOUGHT,
ARE HALF SOLD
If
K
as
18 51
7 52 1 84 38 71 1,5 07
1 <>i
»
1

3 I * i
A !s W — SO }. 10 3	23,24...."...
i o
\W»tc
i 40
1 50
4 42
10».»
n Art
wn - In Roy Andrew..
-I.
Irwin
Prick Juhu
An
i
71 13


4»hI
To Lay well, watch the !a
formation in the >p UJ
The Canadian Grccer and Storekeeper The Hardwire and Matai Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
*	Sfltr.plea free
TRADE PRESS.’
do
n o
o
8
4 IN E A 23........................
\V —f) A 4 and iill 5 and ‘
4	12, 13.,......................
5	14, 15........................
4	43............................
s >:
10 Gti 7 30
X
X
ino
y James Thos. A.
vacant
7 3»
1.50
(
Cawuoi
200
o
10 40 33 02
do
Official Time Table
10 40
33 02
200
J
do
114
AW
Meehan Willi a MvRao Mrs. (
i	état de.
. J ihn.
Burns B. estate of—etüt de... Crawford Robert or Henry
Brown.................
McCuaig David..............
Stevens William or H orner....
Dale John..................
Woolsey William............
Beaudoin Jean..............
Daley J oseph..............
Mull gan J dm «i.........
Chu HESTER
MacLEAN PUB. CO.. Limited

$.45 Leave
Arrive M3
Aylmer ? Brerkeuridge I‘Hard ley Parker’s Crossing V Mohrs Quyon Wyman’s ?Tana Bristol McKee's Shawvllle Clark’s
Campbell's Bay ?Tank t'Vinton Coulongo 'Mellon’s Waltham
estate of—
13 50
do
13 50
75 ei
11 23
9.21
8 00
30
2	49 B.
1	4, 5.
3	<i, ! •
Montreal and Toronto,
t
9.06
6.12
75 81
lo
297
6.18
8.59
11 23
lo
S. 28
8.53
109
K
«
6.87
8.40
do
NOTICE.
6.47
«
8.22
7 09
Litchfield
7 09
100
1.56	”
8.14
7 F h 28. 1 S K j 8 5 28........
10	Fi 22.
11	3a......
8 04
do
8 €4
1.58
8.06
?0
7.04
8.02


do
Notice is hereby given that Application will Ik? made to the Parliament of Canada at its next session, for an Act to amend the Act relating to the Ottawa and Gatineau Hailway, and to change its name to that of the Ottawa, Gatineau and Western Rail wry ; to empower it to acquire or amalgamate with the Pontiac Pacific .lunvtion Railway Comjiany; the Hull Electric Railway Company, the Ottawa and New York Railway Company, the Ottawa loternrovincial Bridge Company, the Ottawa Electric Railway Company, the Kingston and Pembroke Railway Company, or any one or more of them, a\d to exercise the powers, franchise and privileges thereof, or to acquire and to hold the stock or bonds of any one or more of them ; to issue stock, common or preferred, and bonds secured by mortgage or upon income, to such amount as may be necessary for the purpose of the undertaking. Andalso to authorize the company to acquire, work and dispos»» of. mines and timber lands and the products thereof ; to acquire, erect, use, and dispose of pulp, and paper mills ; and to acquire, use and dispose of, water .powers for electrical • I other purpose*.
II. R. M. GIVERN,
said Company.
Dated at Ottawa the llth day of January, 1UU1.
6 50 2 j60
100
7.26

7.52
2 60
do
100
7.31
7.45
2 85
too
7.14
do
2	85
9 90
3	85 7 94
.0
7.1 J
9 03
9 90
North Onslow do do
100
M2
7.0»
X i 15 or 151 12 IN $ 4 oi 4c 145 and 146..
12
3 85
<30
100
C.'l
6.S9
1.47
14 05
do
2 82
do
3 29
Leave ti.C')
1.53 Arrive
•Flag Station. tTank. VFlag Station
VlLLACE of QUYON
I
House and 3 lots more or less situated on West side of Pickanock street and bounded on North by land of J I Elliott, on South and Wv*»t by land f Robert Dru'g.
! Maison et 3 lot plus au « luest de la Rue Pickanock. Bomee au Nord par le terrain de J. (». Elliott, au sud et Ouest par le terrain do Robert Dagg.
Connecting with Hall Electric Railway at Aylmer.
<;

P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL BVFBBiyTKNMNT
33 7t
I
33 TO
Villa* •£ of Shaw ville Hudgins Andrew
mmn au cotv
OTTAffA&GATINEADM
l
I
Fail and wia’er Time Table
Taking effect Nov. 2<), HM)0
5 65
2 25 2 25 2 25 2 25
3 40
215
1 1
Smith Bernard
5 65
Waltham
i 40
or.»
)
-1 -
1
do
5 65
do
3 40
151
3
1
do
5 65
do
3 40
182
No. 1 Train Lca.vo Ottawa, ho. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa Noe. 1 and 2 dally excupt Sunday
, 4 00 p.m 10 25 a. m
4
1
55
do
55
do
11
(
Estate of—état de George Bryson sr...................
65
55
M.ANSFIKLD
22
4
un
1 10
1 10
do
3	41, 42
do
For ticket* ami further Information apply to Central Chamber*. Ottawa.
do
Solicitor for
I
P. VV. RER3EMAN.
Oeià’l Sup't
WILLIAM G. LeROY, Secretary-Treasurer,
Corporation of the First Division of the County of Pontiac Corporation de le Premier Division tie Comte tie Pontiac.
60 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
PATENTS
Bryson, 4th January, 1900. Bryson, 4me Janvier, 1900.
if

PROMPTLY SECURED
Mr. Blair has given notice in the House of Commons that he will move that in the opinion of this House it is important that all binder twine now held by the Government, together with all twine that mny ho.e if ter be manufactured by them, thaîl be sold direct to the farmers at a price to cover the actual cost of production only, with one cent per pound added, and that no twine manufactured or paid for out of the Dominion treasury ahtll b) sold or disposed of in any other way.
At the result of injuries received in rescuing his children from his burning home, Mr. Robert Hands of Nairn Centre, Algoma, is dead.
Tne Montreal Cotton Company will double its present capital of $2,000.000, and call in $500,000 to build a now mill at VaVeytiold.
In the report of the Minister of Agri cultural issued at Ottawa it is shown that there are at pie sent 20 lepers at Tracadio, N. B , aud that four have died during tho
year.
Write for our interesting books " Inventor's Help" and " How you ere swindled/' Send us fit rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and wr will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Rejected applications have often been successfully prosecuted >y ns We conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal and Washington ; tilts qualifies us to promptly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents, as broad as the invention. Highest references, furnished.	,	,
Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special notice without charge in j over loo newspapers distributed throughout, the Dominion
Specialty Patent business of Manufacturers and Engineers.
MARION & MARION ;
. Patent Experts and Solicitors. ,
>	, f New York Life Bldg, H ont reel
fOffices! j Atlantkblug,Washington
WVVVVVVVVV^VVv^VVVVVV
pany was first organized are getting ex'ra-ordmaiy dividends on the raonuy they invested. It, must not ha supposed that all the money is made out of oil. The company is now interested in many other things, and a c msidenble part of the present dividends are made out of iron and steel. Indeed, it is said that the Standard Oil interests, Mr Andrew Carnegie and Mr. J. Pierpont Morgan, have for some time past been negotiating with a view t » forming an iron and steel combination, that wou’d control nil th ) great iroa and steel plants in the United States, flow much truth there is in this report remain» to be seen, but the success that has attended the efforts to consolidate American railway interests recently causes many people to behove it.
Standard Oil Dividends
Trade Marks Designs
JPFIÜ Copyrights Ac
####
tptflal notice, without charge. In the
Scientific American.
m SfiySjpMP
Tbu largest man in Canada ia Edward Besupre of Willow Bunch, N. W. T., who
i- 7 foot, 4 incite* in height, weighs over 400 pounds and is only 21 years old.
Many thousands have di*d on the Russian steppes from hunger and typhus and it is admitted that the outbreak is caused by eating the carcases of diseased cattle in the absence of any other food.
CEO. HYNES,
The Standard Oil Company raul a dividend of $20 per $100 share on February 5. The capital stuck of the com-,*ny ia $100,000,000, and the total mm-junt of dividends paid last Tuesday wuj-$20,000,000. Thi* is only the first divided of the year. S>me idea of whst the shareholders are likely to got this year msy be ob'ftioed from what they received in previous years. In January, 1900, the dividend paid was $10; in July, $28; in October, $10; making $48 for the year 1000 on each $100 share. In 1890, $33 iva* paid; in 1898, $30; in 1897. $33; in in 1890. $31, and in the five p-ecedmg years$1$ annually. Of coursa n $100 share yielding such dividends is worth a gfi.ddevl more than a hundred dollars o-dsy. I d «d the $100 shares sold as Although the seat in the House of 0-im-high ai $815 in N*w Y -rk thh other day, mons for the District of Nipissing i* olaim-and a* low as $805 But th* $100shares ed by Mr. C. A. McC>ol by acclamation, did not cost ih»- original owners r.esrly his election expenses, according to h * |100 Th »»«¦ who b »u»ht when the conn published statement, snount to |9'»7.00.
J ma? er en
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
<
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on Land, at prices to suit all clauses.
IN UNDERTAIUNtl
I also keep a complete stock of Pune nil Furnishings, ranging from the plainest rrtpiLsitv* to the most elegant • ly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
DC.
A peat fud o n pni y with $100.000 capital him beeu formed at Frasurvillp.
The Bank of Mntrua) has offered to float the Mont red city loan of $1.500,000 ni a tommi.jicn of one-half of cue per cent.


