###PAGE###1###
V
Vol. XVI, No. <$.
SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P. Q., THURSDAY,
JULY 28, 1898.
I
„	_ subscription
vb# Dollar a Year In advance.
“THE EQUITY”
BANK OF OTTAWA
Be»t quality vinegar and pickling ¦pice.	J, H, Shaw.
Pork Hams wanted in exchange for a first-class Japan Tea at J. G. McGuire's
The water chute at the Queen's Park, Aylmer, was successfully opened Thursday last.
Mayor Bingham is authority for the statement that two large factories will shortly be erected in Ottawa.
Have you tried Dowd's “High Loaf” Flour ?
Preserve Jars of all kinds, very cheap.
J. il. Shaw.
Only the best material used in the manufacture of the Chatham Giant wag gon. For sale by A. Smiley, Shaw ville.
Ottawa is to have another mammoth hotel
extend through to Mackenzie Avenue.
a spring
pullet of the Brown Leghorn variety, which cackled over its first egg on Friday
Ottawa is to have a plebiscite on Jan uary lit, on the question of Sunday and civic control of electric lighting.
A series of meetings held by the Seventh Day Adventists, in Ottawa last week are said to have attracted large crowds.
>
Is issued from the office of Publication, Shawville every Thursday.
Subscription, 91.00 per Annum.
—o—
Advertising rates made known on application.
Correspondence oi local Interest solicited from all parts of the country.
cars
Head Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . *1,500,000.00
Rest.................*1,125 000.00


Board of Directors :
Charles Magee, Esq., President George Hay, esq.,Vice-President
Hon. Geo. Bryson, Jr.
Alex. Fraser, Esq.,
un

Mr John Nelson, of Nepean, father of Rev. T. A. Nelson of Bristol, died Tuesday night of last week, aged 70years. He whs one of the pioneer settbrs of that section, and a gentleman well and favor» ably known.
John Mather, Ehq David MacLaken, Hhq
It is to built on Sussex street and
on
Dennis Murphy, Ehq.
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices Inserted free ; but obituary lines, or "poetry” will be charged at the rate of 8 cents per line money toaccompany the manuscript In every
case.
Bicycle for Sale—A Pelham bicycle only used one season and in good## M will be sold cheap for cash.
R. W.
Mr. J. J. Turner boasts of
GEORGEBURN I). M. FINN IE
General Manager (Local) Manager
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
repair
An exchange very sagely remarks.— Money made in town should as far as possible be spent in town. The more money you keep in your community the there is to circulate HÉB that remains here and passes from hand to hand that does the most good and not the dollar sent elsewhere and never returns.
last
Uoduinh, Shaw ville
Draft* issued on all Ranking points United States and Great Britain.2
Notes and Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current rates.
in the Doinin-
/. A. COWAN. Publisher
Watch your *10 “Dominion Bank” 0v.er eiKhty people, young and old, notes. The notes. Nos. 46,001 to 47,001 I	*he shelter of the pines at Green
letter A, were stolen from Napanee, ’and ,	eRcaPe Ihe broiling heat of Sun
have the name of E. fl. Baines forged I da7 afternoon.
ton
more It is the dollar
Court Shawville,
No 216.
S 1.0 F 5
Sums of 11 ami upwards received Li Havings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
L 1 Meets the 4th Wed ties- I Office Hours- 10 a. m. to,3p. in. Saturday 10am. 1 day of every mouth. | to 1 p. in.
>| f Court dues must be paid «/ promptly every month.
r Visiting brethren cordially Invited
Photographs. —Parties requiring pho-1	( 13 8a,d ^at the population of Nor
tographs will please remember that Mr. I wa^ 13 da^X increasing, and new Green, of Arnprior, will visit the Shaw- j mers ar!e charmed with the delightful ville gallery on Friday August 5th. First | ""foundings, class work furnished at lowest prices

1ÉË

Rev. Walter Russell, evangelist, preached in the Methodist church here on Suns day last.
Mr. H. Lang’s family, accompanied by several of their young friends are at Green Lake also, this week.

ÿotal and EmcraL

Mr. James Moyle, furniture dealer and Chief Dodd summoned a number of I weaker, of Quyon, has recently erect Arnprior’e demimonde to appear before a I e<1 a hn,e !arKti furniture warehouse, which magistrate, but they skipped out of town. '18 r,ow bem8 sneered with brick.
The chief is ridding the town of all such characters.
L.B.C

H. 8. Barnett, F.B
J. A. Cowan, R.8.

Are you using Dowd’s Flour ?
j Dii.der Twine and Harvesting tools of *11 kinds.	J. H. Shaw,
The next meeting of the Masonic Grand Lodge of Canada will be held in Ottawa.
W. J. Eades, C. It.
Liver Complaint.
I have great faith In Burdock Blood Bit- I Mr. Geo. E. Casey, M. P., spent a
tW" The Shawville Marble and Oran ! iTli	f':W laat week around Bry«<'" »nd
equal to It.” .MRS. WM. JOHNSON. Bal- vicinity.
m ral, .1 u.	Miss Maggie Smith, who has been re-
A young man named Elliott, formerly of siding in Montreal for the past year, vis-
Bristol and latterly of Arnprior, who | ited her relatives in this locality last week.
mi	t „7	I went to the States some time ago, is re-
Filii	I	ttts
awarded for waggons at the World’s Col Santiago.	bath.
umbian Fair, Chicago.	Miss Chamberlain, formerly of Clarem
rv nf fw,««r«. â i0 Arnprior Chronicle says; - An don, after an absence of many years in L Q k • . f Anglican chapel has been erected at Mar the United States, has returned on a visit
.... Mary J.„,	*X’ S wWîlîïï'f™". rf
Mr. Hiram Thrasher, of Pontefract. ! Arnprior and Messrs. Finnic and Par Mr- August Rose, of Thorne, returned Rev. Geo. Crombio, of Fort Coulonge, malee of Ottawa. A service was held on fmm h,a triP to the North West last tied the nuptial knot.	Sunday afternoon, Rev. Mr. Coleman ofti week» Phased with what he saw of
The oncert and supper given under ciating. Mrs. Finnic presided at the or (he country, iho auspices of the Ladies' Aid Society 8an- The chapel, which is not quite fin Mr. Ernest Smith, formerly teacher a) of Portage	du	Fort	Presbyterian	congre	ished as yet, will	be dedicated by his	Quyon, and now Principal	of Farnham
galion, on	Thursday	evening of	last	week,	Lordship Bishop	Hamilton, who is to	academy, is at present on a	visit to Rev.
was a most successful affair, and well visit Arnprior in the autumn.	Mr. Plaisted at Portage du Fort.
patronized.	Seturday’e Journal saye:-John Knox Mr B Mitchell's family returned from
of Cay wood, Gatineau district, was 1 ,reen Lake on Tuesday, and Mr. J. H. brought to the city yesterday on his way S,,aw and family have taken up quarters to Longue Point Asylum. Knox is a ^or a 8ea8on *n Alpha Lodge, young man and is violently insane. Mrs. Matthewman, of Ottawa, accom-While bringing him	to the train, twer men	panied 1 y her two chi'dreii,	has come to
had a hard time.	Several times Knox	*pvnd the remainder of the	summer sea-
leaped from the carriage, and each time ¦ n in Shawvil'e. Shtjis the guest of Mrs. ran a long distance before he was caught, H. Hobbs, and then he fought desperately. Finally he was handcuffed and brought to the train that way. He sat very quietly in the C. P. R. station, while waiting for the Montreal express.
Dr. J. E. TAGGART, L. D. S., D.D.S
I

i te Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor, turns out a superior class of work in Monuments, Headstones, etc. Prices reasonable

! OTTAWA .	,	, t
Cured hams, pork sausage,'—we manu tar Burial attention given to appoint monta made facture and sell at a very low price.
by meil-	_	J. G. McGuire.
The Raymond Sewing Machine equals J any in the market. Fur sale by A. Smiley Shaw ville, from *20 up.
Corner of Rank and Wellington Streets,


In the absence of Rev. Mr. Black at

C. C. STEWART

PHYSICIAN and SURGEON
(L.R.C P. AN!) S , EIUN.)
OFFICE,

Note and receipt forms, done up m neat books of 25 and 50, each, to be had at The Equity office, cheap.
Mr. R. J. McClea united in marriage on
o
ELMS1DE, QUE
During the thunder storm of Monday
BODRBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L. L, I	—
A coal war is on between Ottawa deal-when the price of that commodity down last week to *4.95 per ton.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Will attend all the Courts of the District, es penally when required.
ers,
came
DON’T neglect that nasty cough. Dr . _	__ _ _	, Wood’s Norway Pine Syrup
S. A. MACK AY, B.C.L. cough remedy made
NOTARY PUBLIC,
/^iLERK of the District Magistrates* Court 1 Massey Harris machines still at the
vHiageipropèrty. "sZVy front, and going like hot cake, lor ' The Reliance Loan and .Savings Com- your order soon and be sure of getting a
°wM?Bry.o» every Thursday ' ,1,achine in
can cure it.
25c., all
A Miss Seifert, of Quebec, has been engaged as Principal of the Academy here for the approaching school term. She is a graduate of McGill Norman School, has a B. A. degree and otherwise highly recommended.
Give in
comes
A.S Smart
SE=EE|M=ilS5|||Slil
Died. At Bryson, Que., on Sunday.	_	.	...	_ _
CEO. C. W RIC H T, I	S;'
7 1 Ville, Ont., aged Go years.—Kemptrille efl about for eeveral «eascns. But some papers please copy.	three or four weeks ago, a portion of one
...	.	.,	.	.	, „	<.f the piers gave way owing to the rotten.
. , „wl°8	departure of Mr. Amy ess of the foundation timbers, and that
#111 attend Superior and Circuit Court at of Portage du Fort, for his native conn- section of the structure has taken on a Bryson, also other Courts In Pontiac m«- try, the Island of Jersey, there will be a very angular and forbidding tilt It is tricl when required.	I public auction of all household effects, reported that a government engineer had
early in October, except what has pre- been examining it this week and would viuusly been sold by private sale
Arthur McConnell,
A Special Prize of $10.00
Divided into three prizes of *5 00, $3.00 and $2.00 will be given by E. Graham, to the lady who will canvas for and hand in the greatest number of new subscriptions to the Pontiac Agricultural Society No. 1, between now and the evening of the 13th Sept. 1898. One dollar is the subscription for which they will also receive a fortnightly Agricultural Journal. Regular subscribers who have not yet paid for 1898 will count. Competitors to the above must have over six names to cora-i pels for prizes.
One of the best features of the American Army is the presence of two Eganvil'e boys. Mr. John Brougham, brother of Messrs. Wm. and Thomas Brougham, of this place, enlisted in Second Wisconsin Regiment, city of Ashland, and in a let ter to his brother William, received last week, hé was with an army of 00,000 men drilling at Chickamauga Park, Georgia.
report it unsafe. The Portage du Fort 1 he other ie Mr' Plllrick Deloughery, who
I a S&S EI	%%	A H„.„
«rw.ww.m	of transit from Calumet Island, was not bkely travel over it this way. — Mer» Uan(tago de Cuba. If F addy s tightmg and Rakes for sale cheap.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT	allowed, and the ore has accordingly been curr-	propensities have not diminished any
B'SKWjr g;,5B5S ^" r. r. j. n.	• ¦	Th.Ka™„„T^„<tt.A„
"GSS&SS'tThViiiffl;?	,”w». r. a. S-hg ... m	|.r" Ch-om,!., h.d .ho	it,™	I s,„.
made and p-omptreturnbassured	| * home fur a day or two last week, in ' ,n, ee.kt	, _e *	. â _	,
search of material for instituting a Court . lhe atr(dng wind and heavy rain, along A 4 Bean Party. -With a view to Oats.
of the I.O. F. Ho found the field a good * , u? thunder ancl lightning, did con- contributing even more to the pleasure of ^eas.
one and prospects fairly bright for a good ®l“er?bie damage in this place, the wind those who are at present enjoying an out Buckwheat.. healthy organization, when the time	,	,!n£ .wn of thc 8rain crop and	ti»g at that supremely delightful and	pic	Eggs, (fresh,)
comes to act, which will probably be next	,	lightning striking in three different	turesque spot—Norway Bay—and to quite	Wool.
month.	J places within a mile. Mr. Henry Por- a number from this vicinity, Mr. Whil Butter
iegii^*®silF
M,s &5Æ!—' I	fflsstitirj; st s'
Good A ccommndiillon. Table and Bar at- until the spec.nl had arrived8	°ry	8 buah WaS a,eo etruck' ad®P* at |be ,bu,‘neae- Thti other accès
ways well fm nlshed.	v	amveu	1 n	lories to the feast were very kindly pro
First-class LIVERY Attachkd.	I A very heavy storm accompanied by a I, ( 11 Sunday morning last a farmer who vided by the ladies present.
high wind and some hail, passed over the	lve!	^ 810/î distance	from	this	village	About 9 o’clock Mr. Whillians an
third line section of the township on	ld,	, hla 10r8e	to	hla	buggy	I nouneed, much to the gratification of
Monday afternoon, blowing down fences and.,°\w °,U\- .to attend service those who were waiting in pleasant anti-and damaging grain to a considerable ex- al V1®, *lethodlat church. XV hen he cipation, that supper was ready; when all I I tent; in some places where the grain was reached the church she<l ho had r evasion surrounded by the friendly glow of a huge "= jSKiy pretty well ripened, it ia said that enough look into the back of the vehicle for bonfire, proceeded to help themselves to •'! I	for twoseedings was shelled out upon the	80inetuing, when very	much	to his sur-	the excellent beans, bread and cake so
^ u?:	ground.	prise	he discovered a	hen	v.ry	cozily	generously and profusely provided. This
imm a most terrific thunder storm also 8fluatted on a ne8t» m which on closer ex- interesting part of the evening’s proceed.	swept over the North Clarendon section lrnin?ton there were. ,und three eggs..I inga—so th roughly enjoyed—being con
Tne farmer was puzzled at first what to | eluded, Mr. Whillians next invited those do under the circumstances. He did not
72 MAIN ST. - NULL QUE.
JAS. HOPE & Co.
I
<
A. S. Smart
Shawville Produce Quotations
o
25 tr 00 to 45
3X1
30
. BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT, OFFICE COURT ST., SHAWVILLE
...	0 to 9
... 10 to 18 .... 12 to 00
3.76 to 4.25 9.00 to 10.00 .... 35 to 40 ... 0 to 8 . 00 to l.Oo
Accounts collected and prompt returns made
All courts attended.
St. Lawrence Hall,
•2
52 BOILS
44 Three years ago I was troubled with boils, and tried several remedies recommended by friends, but they were of no avail. 1 had FIFTY-TWO BOILS in all, and found nothing to give me relief until I tried Burdock Blood Bitters. The first bottle I took made plete cure and proved so very satisfactory that 1 have mended B.B.B. to many of my friends who have used it with good results.” A. J. MUSTARD,
PONTIAC HOUsF


BPS»



w
a com-
abuut half an hour previously
recom-
¦	-	,	,	..... .present to repair to Mr. Percival’s cot
The directors of Ag. Society No. 1 held i	lose the hen, which he found tage, where seats had been provided, to
a meeting on Friday last, to further per would be the result if she were left till the I further enjoy a program, especially pre feet ai rangements for this year’s ex hi bi seivice was over, so the only alternative pared for the occasion, of vocal and in* lion which takes place this year on Sep ,eft *** to safely tether her until he was strum entai music, recitations, etc., rf!l of | Hydcr, Man tember 13th and 14th. The meeting de- rendy to return home.	e	which was rendered in excellent style,
cided on holding a two day event thial Fhe incident created not a little amuse* I and received by the audience in ’Bvide year, the first day to be observed as a for- ment by those who saw it, and one good appreciation.
mal opening of the new hall, to which the church member suggested that if the three Votes of thanks to Mr. Whillians (recommissioners of agriculture for this pro- *Kg* were hatched out, the chicks should sponded to by the audience singing “For vince, and Hon. Mr. Fisher the Domin-1 certainly be called Metho'lista.	I he’s a jolly good fellow ) to Mr. 1’ercival
r Caldwell ......proprietor | ‘on Minister of Agriculture, with other	------»---—	and family for the u*o of their cottage I should use only
roîSh*. ^omm.ld.li^noMhepto1?.Tr"	ed,dl™ the rmer"	The ThO CltiZBU IS OttaWft'S I Th. ".iogihll of**"O^VNi'|(br''»n<!i
assrsis-ss p 'srb p le^=r, paper-»»- pjppp pc pb
Ladles'and gents bicycles kept for hlr« | a°d disposed of.	I VG2?tlS6 IB it*	I	On* Who XXrA8 There
i
i
Any one troubled with Boils, Pimples, Rashes, Ulcers, Sores, or any Chronic or Malignant Skin Disease, who wants a perfect cure,
ent
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
BURDOCKS™.
P





<
###PAGE###2###
FUNNIGRAMS.
Why are you going to see * m,n
duster around her feet. Tt was early —she had stipulated for an early atari Uteri —the dew st retched like a cohwed over the grass, and in the border a cloud of sear let poppies was beaded with drops like silver; the honeysuckle at the etid of the porch was pouring its fragrance from curved and polished horns. Hhe had planted that honeysuckle twelve years ago. Hbw happy she had been then I Now, faithful w ife, tender mother, modest., careful housewife—good, boo. mhe thought to herself, humbly— she was not happy. Oh, most miserable, most, miserable 1
Mow strange it is that the tree whose fruit is suffering and pain, is the knowledge of good sus well as of evil Perhaps the single know ledge of eith er would not mean anything ; or per haps there cannot be knowledge of one without knowledge of the other. Here La a great mystery; we poor lit tie creatures cannot understand that He both page sonn
makes peace and creates evil for His t|vo blood, to which one ia first senal own purpose#. This i>oor girl, in her tive through a feeling of chill.	,	Verv
rure and placid life here on the farm,	alijfllt u ,tm chill oftentimes that ,	( hi,, that, and the other. Sat upon,
iftraftaiSisirsfisst......»—.................... ¦——»¦» *»
in the track of a draught or that the |	Oh. no;
she doesn't take any notice I
The Corn fed Philosopher *-It U all said the Cornfed Philosopher,
can make h fool
must not ask no jnrvvt__wilv do you may she remind#
you of brown sugar 1 Brown-Becauae .she’s sweet, hut unrefiue<l. .
Always pay as you go Lhidley Hut, uncle, supi>ose 1 ve nothing to pay wit hi Then don't go
Absent-minded Professor, in bath-tub—Well. well, now 1 have forgotten what 1 got in here for.
Th the razor «harp* asked the barber. Comparatively so. maid the victim; it 'tikis an edge that would bo splendid carving knife.
Hizon- Spain'# navy doesn’t #eem to be scoring many bits 1>iion—No ; I don't believe tboSi'Aiiieb gunffers oould shell peas
A cold, as nearly ev»*iy intelligent I i;,»M| for the
—• - - -u“ * --1 SSI," ?ZZl w
should live and er—lot live.
Hrnperked.—Spawker — Your wife
fond of commanding you
Pleasant, you — many questional 1 never knew a
tie girl talk mo much."
Pleasant looked troubled, and drew
Well, mother, it’s my
Good for the Soul.
maid Uncle
a long breal h thoughts. If I didn't have so many thoughts. I wouldn't talk. Do you have
mot her Ï"
As for the neighbor#, «octal life came slowly, because of Peter's long indifference to It; but it came, and people said they liked Mrs. Pay because she was so different from other folks—"always real pleasant/ said.
So it was that nearly ten y en va passed before that shallow, of whose coming the world would have had no doubt, fell, little by little, into the dark bright ryes and across the smiling lips. Fell, and deepened and deepen-
IV
the
thoughts. _
Rlizalwth laughed. Well, yes
aant, 1 dn "
(To He Continued.)
Plea
Of course it le perfectly obvious huw a "sober and discreet ' marriage of this nature must end. The elderly, simple-minded, plain countryman, and the little actress whose past had never been laid under her neighbor's eyes—what could happen, says the wise world, but
disaster and pain?
And yet neither befell.
He took her home, this gentle, passionate, pitying husband, and nursed her. and petted her. and played with her. All the checked and stunted youth in him blossomed out. lie told her bis thou&h(ts—for on his slow way, it seems, he had thoughts. He let her his simple adoration of the ideals which she embodied:—-gentleness and prettuiesa. and purity, lie was jealous to shield her from every rough wind, from every cruel knowledge ; all the Love of all his bleak unlovely life was poured Into her lap. And she was very "pleasant" with him. She felt towards Peter that warm-hearted admiration which begins in appreciation and ends in love. He was so good to her—that was the first thing the wife felt; and then, ho was so good !
She laughed at him and suug to him, and even put on her pink dress and danced for him sometimes. And
her neightiors
on a
TO CURE A COLD
4

Lon g RrcMht Will Drive II lw»y When II
Flrwl Drill us.
Doctor —Invalid— I
ed
" You're not well, wile t” Peter said anxiously.
" Nonsense !
person
where of free circulation of
she said, smiling at
him
Hut when be left her. her face settled into heavy lines.
" If you don’t look better to-mor-Peter threatened, 'M il have the
row
dot'tor
breath, looking at the dear house and at the dear love.
Elizabeth shook the reins and nodded, smiling
er father ; be good children. Hood-by Feter.’*
eee
The doctor 1” hi# wife cried, laugh" Why, 1 am perfectly well."
And, indeed, the doctor could not discover that she was ill in any way.
" Then w hy does she lcx>k so badly f"
Peter urged, blinking at him with anx- „....	.
ions eyes	When will you be hack ? her hus-
"Oh: she's n little overtired." the î>and “M; his hand on the bridle-the doctor assured him, easily. "I think . horse hacked and fretted, and his wife
she works too hard in that garden of fk*/de(i good-naturedly.
I ll never get off I Oomel go on,
Captain. Oh, well, then,—to-night,
ing
temperature has changed.
The usual notion is going indoors, by
tiood-hye, boys, don't both
changing to heavier clothing or re
treating from the moist atmosphere the I to say that a woman
These precautions of a man. She merely develops 1 m
wrong
danger is averted
are all well enough, but the first and I Another U>ng-I elt Want—Mine Snip-through every win. an i SO by heat in- | Hj,ie8 uf it
stantly counteract the little chill.	Confound these consumers! exclaim-
One and perhaps the simplest. meth- ed the wheelman im he gazed at hi#
obliged to suffer more or less « x- rnilignnnt Womnn-Thie dog l bought
po«ure iu winter, or who scorn t he com- yUU ( umt. near eating my littl# girl
forts in cold weather of overshoes, the other day. Dealer—Well, you said
you wanted a dog that was fond of
children, didn't you f
We All Know Him—Hi nek son and hie wife do not get along very well to-erod. or a sudden chill or quirk change gather, do they f No ; you see he i# from warm to cold atmosphere is en- the kind of a fellow who merely does du red. to inhale three or four deep his duty to hia wife, breaths, expand the lungs to t heir full- |	^ Reflection —A throne, said the boy
est extent, holding every time the in- ki|1g wJth the gravity becoming hie haled air an long as possible and tâv-n statjoxl| ,8 very much like a bicycle, slowly letting it forth through the jn ^ hat respect f inquired I he Prime
Minister Things go easily enough while
Put it's hard to dismount
hers. T think Pd put a «top to that Mr. Day "	,
And having done his worst, this wor-	,	, ,
thy meddler with the body departed, ,,	I eter echoed, blankly,
to prescribe physical exercise for a	"cil, I should say so! Pleasant, take
bra in-worker at the i>oint of exhaus- (ftre °/ mother	and he Jet her
tion. But Peter was grateful for some	"U,t st<xxl looking down the road,
positive instructions.	etching the h<x>d of the buggy jog-
" The children and Ï will take care King up and down, until the light, dust
almost, hid it.
Elizabeth leaned back in her seat and drew a great breath of relief. Pleasant, smiling all over her little round face, looked up at her.
mine-
ure
of the garden, and you can just look What you need is rest."
So. to please him. she triad to rest;
she brought Jim into the very par-tor itself 1 At first, very likely, it was ill part of the play of life to her. She but the shadow deepened in her eyes
““ W-M.. « «W «.Id .... g “US' ‘.“kr-iJM”,
to 8|>euK. tne hea(i over Peter's offer to take care of
on
overcoat and umbrella»
I Their method is. when the tempera** Mother, may 1 hold the reins P she ture 0f the body or extremities is low-
said
the stage setting, so
bare, ugly parlor, with its landscape-1 the garden
papered walls, and faded photographs "What! trust my precious flowers dwâ «U». to-.in.l- -V.1 b..C “/to" frames very near the ceiling; the lus- dpp(1 ] nvmi't !"
tree ou the high wooden mantel-piece; The garden Peter had made for her
the crocheted mat was a great two-hundred foot square,	snook and jerked at the ends of
sunk between four green terraces; it 1 he rams, saying, t«et up there! and was packed with all sorts of flowers, y ticked as she had heard her father and overflowing with fragrance ; all the , »	®(luar*nK her elbows, she
itanding at exact angles in the win- beds were bordered with sweet-alys- !^pr- *eet aga,Jllfd *"e dash-board.
—» *"d pet"-wi,b
ing faces together in masses of riotous	. ... . „ ..	..
mg at the incongruous, joyous, dan- color—the glittering satin yellow of * **• dear <'hild. the mother anting figure, with the pink skirt twirl- —California poppies, the heavenly blue H we red mechanically. She drove with-
reen enjoyment; but after awhile— • but tone, and everywhere the golden hpfore her- Tt was growing warmer;
However, that came later.	sparks of coreopsis; there were blots [be dew had burned off, and the misty
MeantUue ale ra.W touetime, «.	|
, to six down by some border to weed, ^here was a elullow run beside the while ha tried to read his agricultur- smiilng at her flowers, putting her road*. which chattered and chuckled
al iiaper, but had to atop Itecause she fingers under some shy sweet face, to	Pebbly l^ed, or plunged down
1 raise it. and look down into it. re- ir! llttle waterfalls a foot high, run-jolcing In the texture and color and n,,ng <*•? ®tone81 smooth with moss, or perfume, and then, suddenly, her pleas- 8t°PPinff »? the shadows under leaning on the sunny side of the house, where ant eyes would cloud and her energy tfees’ ftnd spreading into little pools, she could see Peter working in the flag, and she would sit there, absent v ea.^ and lining and brown as Plea-
and heavy, the pain wearing deep in- sa,™1.8 €ye®	.	,	....
to her forehead.	H would he nice to wade, wouldn't
By the time another year had come [[ mo*her!" the child said; and the moto be sure, was rather commonplace, her whole face had changed; her eyes t	aga,in' mechanically.
There were clumps of perennials in the *> rarely crinkled up with fun that	.. . .
one had a chance to see how big and , , no^ 866 **ie run» " hich by-sad and terror-stricken they had ™d‘b* widened into a creek as it and encroached more and more; and there grown, and her mouth took certain piti- . r?ad went on together; and when were shrubs, and some seedlings sown ful lines, and seemed always about to ^aptain iwgan to climb a long, sunny
as the wind listed, and there were a °Ppn into sad and wailing words. An- s °l)e' on^ knew t he difference l>e-
.	, ,	.	,	„ , other war—they had been married 0,11196 the sweating horse fell into an	er.s
do/, ii ragge o< rose )us es. u twelve years now—had certainly ***** walk, Pleasant chattered with	oble, where a purse recently disappear
Bessie Day threw herself into taking brought this husband and wife.	out	gggggg	¦
care of all the friendly old-fashioned to that dreadful verge of disaster, fragrance, heart and soul, and body, which the sober looker-on must sure-
e»m
Hill
S*pisliE=
threaten, gayly ; " 1 go to church. ^	*°°d;
w ,	, , a little gravely	Sae knew of a child that was getting Elizabeth did not answer. Pleasant
" Anything you ever did was right ; over *°*rlet fever, and wanted a pickle, slipped off the seat and leaned over the
—right enough for a minister to do and teased and teased for it ; and they dash-board to pat Captain; then tried
himself I" Veter would declare, stout-	hfr:Jln.d ^ well. Very sitting sidewise with her legs under
likely Elizabeth just has a kind of a her
1 wouldn't like to see the parson	V.'le ro,un. f°: ?.day' Wel1' "Thi* Is t,h<\way, ‘he cat sits, I
in pink petticoats." Elizabeth would she shall Mercy ! she shall have just never understood before what she did
retort, her eyes twinkling with tun. ™ y thing in the Lord's world. ,f lean with her Ixick legs. Fhen she slid She always went to church with Pet- lt f‘»r her ! I wish the buggy was- down again to sit on the floor of he and he kept awajte to look at her *> «hnhby I must 1» getting a buggy and hang her head over the pretty face in her Sunday bonnet ; and	vfor her.' ,	.	5 heel to see the tracks ,n the dust
later, when the children began to come	,	Still when the moment came for her	Elizabeth came out of her dream at
he had his hands full to keep the boys	he was anxious again.	this, and bade the child get up on
In order, and not let them read their!	.	Suppose you take one of the	chil-	the seat.
sasss^ss
stssterstSi-s 5vH£T:»5=nS5tassr-,
Pleasant said, excitedly; and turned I don't mind, if you want me to | kneeling down on the seat, so that she
could clasp her mother's neck with So Pleasant, uttering shrieks of joy, I both little warm loving arms. "Ob, I
mm mam
Take the ends of them." Elizabeth mother will keep her hands in
said
front of yours, for fear Captain should take a notion to run."
Pleasant beaming and crinkling her eyee up ns her mother had done before
In-
tho big Bible on >f the centre table; the prim, uncom-tortable sofa, and the rosewood chairs
nostrils.
In doing this the inflation of the yOU re on. lungs sets the heart into such quick gr^.pfuiiy motion that the blood is driven with unusual force along its channels and so runs out into tlie tiniest veins. I his radiates a glow down to the toes and finger tips and sets up a quick reaction against the chill. The whole effect is to stir the blood and set its motion as from rapid exercise.
Let any woman who goes to a dinner or hull in a low-necked gown, where the rooms are chilly and her wraps not accessible, try this little cure, or, better still, this preventive against cold and enjoy its merits.
Let her try it when taking a cold drive or when condemned, by accident, to sit in wet garments. Let the maxim Of a victim to colds be always; Keep tike blood in rapid action, use the deep-held breaths where a first chill is felt
H random was in the habit of reading Willie a story after be went to bed. One evening she was persuaded to read a second, and Willie demanded «till another. Not any more tonight, said grandma, firmly. Oh, please, grandma, let’s have the rublier.
Two commercial travellers, comparing notes: I have been out three weeks, said the first, and have only got four orders. That beats me. said the other; 1 have been out four weeks and have only got one order, and that's from the firm to come home.
He thought it safer to write to the girl's father for her band He was an ardent lover, but a poor speller, and his note ran
—the flour of your family. The flour of my family is good, replied the old man ; are you sure it isn’t my dough you're after?
Desperate Case.—Perspiring Manager, of excursion—We’re a little behind time, I know, but we ll make it up on the last	the Indignant Ex-
An incident which is not, perhaps | cursionist—Make it up I What’s the use
of talking that way I We’ll meet ourselves coming back long before we get the re 1
& is knee, sitting, gaping at her—g ap-
hid knee, with her head on his shoulder
teased him into laughter ; sometimes on a little couch out under the trees.
I want your daughter
garden. She found not only rest but Intense interest in this garden, which,
A CRUEL FARCE.
The Terrible Ordeal of a French ««Idler
al Grenoble.
borders, upon which each year the grass
wholly without a I rearing on the Dreyfus case is reported by the French pap-Tke scene is the hirracks at Uren-
Thcy were very, very young; also very, very dirty—twx) little lads of the street
school, and the other was writing his excuse for him. tiay, Jimmie, said one, If yer wants me to tell yer taacher why yer wuz absent, yer must tell me wot
One hud been absent from
ed in circumstances that threw sus
"It’s nice to come with you, mother.
Where are we going? Mother, I think I must have l>ecn unusually good, don't you, for God to let me have thus ride, and hold Captain's reins? I wonder if Captain knows I've got the ends of the reins? He doesn't try to run.you see;I guess he knows he couldn't, with me to help you hold him. Oh. look at the bird sitting on the fence! Well, I’m glad I've been good lately, or else, probably,
I wouldn't have come with you. Donald was bad yesterday; he pulled the ! Lieutenant was convinced of his guilt
kitty's tail very hard; so I notice God however, and in order to force a con f es didn't let him come; I never pull the don tried the effect of a torture which kitty's tail", she ended virtuously. It though entirely mental, was none the
paid to lie good, Pleasant thought; and less terrible. It consisted in solemnly I Probably no trouble that afflict# Baid, Get up, there, Captain 1 ttnil condemning the man to death and or- mankind causes more intense agony jerked the reins so hud that her dering his immediate execution by a than sciatica. Frequently the victim mother came out of her thoughts with file of soldiers. The poor fellow was is utterly helpless, the least movement
stood up against a wall, blindfolded
picion on a numlier of soldiers in garrison there. A Lieutenant of engineers investigated the case. After questioning and .searching the men to no ol>- | sickness yer had. Well. Detie, said the
other, dubiously, scratching his pate, kin, yer spell "dipteeriaf" If yer kin, dat's wot I had. If yer can't I guess " measles" 'll have ter do.
vious purpose, the officer picked out one of them as the prolwbleculprit and ordered him to confess. The man protested his innocence, and there was not
a particle of evidence against him. The
AGONIZING PAINS.
Fmlurrtl by Thane Who Muller From SfUh If# A Vhllm Tell* Mow to Obtain Belief.
causing the most agonizing pains, and warned that lie had but a minute Tho*^ who are suffering from this mal-to live. As he. still denied the theft, ady the following statement from Mr. the cruel farce was carried to its end. John Hayes, of Uayesville, York Co., and a volley was fired nt him. Blank I N. IL, will point the road td relief and cartridges were used. but. the man cure. Mr. Hayes Kays:—“For upward went through all the horrors of death of twenty years 1 have suffered from except its final pangs. I he military weakness and pain in the back. Some authorities have taken the matter up, four years ago my trouble was inten-for it seems that they considered this sified by Sciatica settling in my right inethmi of securing evidence somewhat |«g. What l suffered seems almost Iw-° ijcytionuhle. J he Lieutenant they I yond description. I employed three
condemned to sixty days of confine- : doctors but all td no purpose: I had to ment in a fortress, but, lest the digni-	¦	g
ty of martial justice should tie affronted. care has been taken to spread the rumor that the officer's mind had lieen unbalanced by an attack of fever contracted in Tonquin.
A great deal nicer. Pleasant."
My I" said Pleasant. "I suppose
give up work entirely and almost despaired of life. This continued for two years—-years filled with misery this time 1 was advised to try Dr. Williams* Pink Pills, and after using six i)oxes both the sciatica weakness in the troubled me so long, were gone. I wai again a well man and feeling fifteen years younger than before I began the pills. Nearly I wo years has passed sined* I ‘ discontinued the use of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills and in that time no symptom of the trouble has shown
Hams' Pink Pilla for what they have done for me."
Mr. Hayes voluntarily testified to the truth of the above statement before Edward Whosead, Esq., J. P., and his statements are further vouched for by Rev. J. N. Barnes, of Stanley, N.B,
At
h
and the back which had
WALKING LIZARDS
er
I
The remarkable "frilled lizard" of Australia, which runs about on its hincls legs In a partially erect attitude, has been often written about
It
Under God I thank Dr. Wil-
is now asserted that some other lizards practise the same manner of locomotion. A resident of the West Indies in a letter published by Nature, avers that all the lizards itf that part of the world, including even the tree
iguana, which attains a length of five feet, run erect on their hind legs when hurried. It is suggested that these animals „may have descended from some remote ancestor in the Age of the Great Reptiles, w hich was able to walk and run on its hind legs; but the sight of one of the monsters of those days in such an attitude whoul have inspired more terror than amusement.
top of the pew, with Pleasant’s sleepy head against her shoulder, looking so cheerful and pretty that it was no wonder Peter looked oftener at her than at the parson.
with a sigh
Peter
So
CLOVJDED LIFE.
Your old friend has Why is it f
H HI I Years ago he proposed to a very beautiful girl, and--
Mrs. Bliffera—And she refused him f Mr. Bliffera—No. She married him.
Mrs. Bliffer such a sad face Mr. Bliffer



&
.


-,
a#

###PAGE###3###
WEBE FOUND BT ACCIDENT.
known proportion», he wm able to com-!——	-	.	!	i	MDASUIVNO.
pule the real quantity of each metal : W AW A hmiT	f	^	^ ,
in the crown, and thus discovered this	V/ W dkX KJ\J U, U	I	The	Fair	One—I suppose	you will
fraud that had been practised on thu	ww	• ti I iaariX. though, when the golden op-
King, to whom he hurried, exclaiming,	/^11 T* HlHnn I portunity of fera, won’t you I
"Eureka 1 Eureka I" "I have found it 1	* v/i4X	1 The Cautiom One-It will depend up-
I have found it 1" an exclamation that is It pure, and le your akin clear, fresh on h°w much gold thure la in tbe oppor-h.is ever since been used to express a-nd fair Î Or do you bave pimples, | lunity. exultat ion over a discovery.	I blockheads, t>oils, sores and eruptions f
Coming down now to our own time, Hood's Sarsaparilla will make your
X™; saccqarinb, jxi—» - - -T*. ,.bw« i	î“" “*	“ —— —- -
The tea that goes the farthest........
MONSOON
A GREAT MANY FAMOUS INVENTIONS DUE TO CHANCE.
1NDOCKYLON TEA
not only goes farther, but is pure, healthful and delicious. All grocers sell it, 1#
lead packets only.
86, 30, 40, 60 Mid #0*. per found.
«nepow«1rr. Telescopes an«l Hiram Amon( linn-How tidlsea diet on the Track o. Ike riionogra pk.
TUB REQUIREMENTS.
Many things of the greatest service to the world in general owe their.origin entirely to chance
of a piece of amber "evoked" to uaq I three hundred time» more intense than Faraday » words, "an Invisible agent. / t hat of cane-sugar, reads almost like which hue done for mankind far more
ITIHEHIIEIIS ENGINE#* ¦ I CASTOR MACHINE I III
CYLINDER v ¦ ¦
TERMS
Bon I—-Ikon't you realize that mar- ENGINE PACKING and
riage broadens a man Î Benedict—Oh put that way, word I've always used
Hood’s Sarsaparilla
(îniwla'd Greatest Mn 'IHni. and tie cur d.
a romance.
.	...	...	..	^ _	.	., Dr. Fahlbcrg had entered the John»
wonder flit things than tbe genie ol Hopkins University in America,
Aladdin did or could have done for I order to devote himself exclusively to
him;" the up-forcing of the lid of a] 1 study ot the chemistry of coal-tar
“»«"«	.t. -uvs-yasn» îsyrsvsrs
lous power of steam, and the falling I de tected an intensely .tweet flavor of an apple from its parent stem de- on hid bread and butter. lie traced
monstrated the law of natural uttrac-P^0 sweetness to his fingers, to his
hands and to his coat' sleeves; and it dawned upon him that it must have
o. a suspended lamp gave birth to tho I l*\en derived from one of the new com-1 ters application of the pendulum, to which	pounds, which he had that day succeed-	know. It is	worse,
the precision of modern astronomy owes	j *]' producing. He promptly return-	one married	to a count
•o much; While tho finding of the na- ,.unt °n£‘® f êvTry ' vlL ^ wl th % h i c h ' he Margie, who», mother had forgotten tural magnet loadstone, "did more,"	had been working. His idea was cor-	to prick the	upper crust	of	her	pie—
Said the grave philosopher John Locke, I	rtet. One of his beakers contained the	Oh, mamma, look I You haven’t	made
"for the supplying and increase of eo- »'veet material.	I the buttonholes,
•ial commodities than those who built1 Profe“or Hon,«en c,llne UpOD h,a
m Hood s Pills act eiudly, ettuotlvuiy. 2.» cent
THRESHERS' BELTS,
1 suppose it can be "flattens" is the
yes
but
Get our prices# We want your trade#
SUMMER SMILES
e WILLIAM C. WILSON & CO.,
Some girls keep a diary, remarked tho
observer of men and things, while others destroy it the following year.
Hanks has four unmarried daugh-
Well, it might be worse, you
He has a fifth
up-
»
LIMITED.
•T1AMB0AT, RAILROAD end MILL #UPfll#%
$4 Front 5t. East, • • • TORONTO
lion. Tho simple swinging to and fro
SH.,Z!ELPPBU.?E* coNBors improved ceie «
i
THE DAWSON COMMISSION 00., Limited,
Dor. ef Weet Market and Colborne Dte., TORONTO.
received the high# •it sward# et tbe World'# Fair 189k
•OONSOY'S PATENT
ROLLER TOPS
have met wità euch universal fs-vor, tbsl othee manafaotu rere ere now inferior
en*.
Inelf t on having the Cob boy make ae imitation* are
never ae good ae tbe genuine.
flare you written on the
,,	. . . .	Mrs. Joggins—Willy, haa your moth- ENTRANCE or P. S LEAVING
workhouse.."	I odToutnew fM.I^Xarch in'phya": “ buying a new rug i Will,-
The manufacture of	gunpowder, Bc-	eal science. besides being of farreach-	! 1	¦	You wouldn t	know there was	NE83 COLLEGE,	yonok	a gbhrard sth .	to-
ing practical utility in surgery, and	a	bole	in	the carpet	now, would you 1 i	RONTo.	an<i	receive	full	particular*	at>out	the	Fre
" other depart men Is—quite by chance. None but the Brave-Could you love I
¦ lie was experimenting in the dark w ith a man who was cowardly, Julia ?" Well I	AddreMwW.
old Schw artz, having	put a composi-	a Crooke s varcum tul>e, which was cov-	I	should	want him	to have courage
tion of sulphur and	saltpetre in a	ered with some sort of cloth. A strong	enough	to	propose.
electric current was passed through it,
while close by was some prepared pho-	.
tographic paper, but no camera. Next bants they use in the Itussian lan-
day he noticed several lines on this guagel Yes; whoever originated the paper, for w hich he could not account. Russian language must have got it By restoring everything to exactly the "pied."
Rime condition as on the preceding da>, hi was able to ascertain the real origin of these mysterious marks.
"1 was singing," says Mr. Edison, "to ^otnetimes on one and sometimes the the mouthpiece of a telephone, when other. It depends on who is getting the vibration of the voice sent the fine *he best of it.
Bristol plumber, who, one night about steel point into my finger. That set | She—A captive bee striving to escape the year 1783, "had a dream, which was thinking. If 1 could record th" ac- ^a8 been made to record as manv ua not all a dream. " that he wo. out i„ '	^	".540 wing atroke* per minute in a
E.	=%.',& Cauw and EH«et—Whet'»	„.J ~--------------------------------------'--------¦*"*---------*-*•»”*
' s g u .i s, and lie at * Quid work accurately, and gave my a8-( ter between Slims and his wife? They onoe	sistants instructions, tolling them what only necrn to speak when it is abso-
TOOK OUT A PATENT.	%%%"%%.	%,== T * 1"""=* J°
»	ssrst E$n.s “•	"" """"" " •
spectacles and noticed that the glass	------------------- icfuses to say grace.
was corroded and softened the acid had touched it
cording to Sainte Folx, was thus re
«7.2»
vested. An Augustinian monk, Barth
N. SHAW, Principal
STAMMERERS.
Only Institution In C&nadn fur the mire ai 1 every phase of epeeob defect F.atebliebe?
__In Toronto, 1890. Oure guaranteed.
OHUgOH H AUTO-V008 INSTITUT*,
____ # Pembroke #t,
Quickcure
A Theory—What anuml>er of conso-
mortar, it took fire, and the stone that covered it was blown off with great violence, which accident led the chemist to think It might he used to much advantage in attacking fortified places. He accordingly added to it a quantity of charcoal to render it more apt to take fire, and increase combustion.
À Handsome Oold Ring lëi WTflfc
Genuine Garnet» end Pearl»
FREE!
l » " Ssocfo
CûS'Ziras
odor, to icfl f«r »
#
Jimmy—is your aunt on your mothers or your father's side, ? Tommy—
Too
/
n
X
fire*
And VTA

Leaden shot are attributed to a
cloth, a urw dtsauvery wh /Other per^uro tries for
fweet and fragrant i	_	__
7?u cad) among friands a# lOo. par when sold remit uâ the money, and'ire VH]
For Bunions, Corns, all Inflammation or Pain.
THE TRIUMPH
ADJUSTABLE STOVE PIPES. Bmr put up and taken down. Gen be cleaned, nested, and pnt away in ‘ space. Ask your dealers for Manufactured by
C. B. BARCLAY,
168 Adelaide St. W.. Teroato.
ALLAN LINE
Royal Mail Steamship Co.,
» small them.
Montreal to Liverpool.
where Taking the hint, he made a liquid, then drew some
NES1SD
CLOSED
HOPE.
Steamers mall from Montreal every Thnradaf morning on arrival of trains from Toron is am# tho West about 9 o'clock.
RATES OF PASSAGE
Cabin 152.50 and upwards ; Second CaMi 134 and and $38.23: Steerage to Liverpool London, Glasgow. Belfast, Londonderry m Queenstown $22.50 and $23.50.
A reduction of five per cent. Is allowed os round trip first and second cabin ticket*. Pot sailings of Ntoameii or other Information apply to any authorised agent.
I
The Moon’s Influence.
, „	Dominion Line Steamships,
I	t,hP, Wea'her T af,rei,te,i by Wine Mo;l,..l „„,l gu.be, tu Liverpool Ip .umm.r lu,,,.
I ttS real, by others it IS disputed. 1 he Md fa»S twin screw	' Labrador,' 'Van*
ms
EzS 'S'tEKCEf 5	^ na^a." a„«r no'ot^10na- "" "	Safe
denly hi» little girl exclaimed : "Oh,	„ _	mriri	Iron Turning Lathe, sixteen inch swing,
papa, nee how near the steeple comes!"	SIGHTS OF TWO EYES.	HIS SlATUS.	six foot bed, rod and gear full, counter-
Anxious to learn the cau.se of the The tw0 6yes really flee two objects. Askins—What do you think of Puf- shafl complete, good as new, VERY child’s amazement, he turned toward» „ Àl_ .	,	u ,j	„* firurton Î	CHEAP. Apply,
M tZrJiïï onhe h% a the distance o/on'foot. the other two	W Z.T &: ^ W'L80N PUBLI8H,NC %
her eye. the other at arm’s length; an<| feet in front of the eyes, and the	on one end of the country the other end	_ _	M	^	,	UM,Tea
billing her to his side, he noticed that torm&r ^ looked at, two phantoms of	flops up in the air.	73	81 Adelaide	8t. W., Toronto.
MS*
about, making use of hLs new know- all^ lima we were1 declaring our in-J	ft?,Ca^ t	(fT,^7.
ledge of lenses. Ere long he h id fa.shi dei>endenc6 of our parents t	J	( heney & Co., Toledo,0., contains no mercury
toned a tube of paste Ward, in which The Husband—I’d rather make some »nd Is uken internally.actingdirectly upon th«
î!f M=ÏS“ KKTÆK SiS-SSSs
I he following year; 16J9, Galileo, continue to pay the bills.	In Toledo, Ohio, by F. J. Cheney & Co. Teatl-
while in Venice, heard of the discovery;	_ monial¦« free.
and tieing greatly struck with the im-	A LONG WALK.	H.U'.U'amn^Pilî;	b°lU*‘
portance of such an instrument, soon	J	^
discovered the principle of lenses in a shifting tube, and made a telescope for his own use. To having been the first astronomer in whoae hands so valuable a gift was placed. Galileo owed both his reputation and persecution.
Among the many traditions concerning William Lee and	,
THE STOCKING-FRAME
Dollle—My music teacher says I have figures upon a piece of glass covered the most remarkable voice he ever them with varnish, applied his corrod- heard for one of my age Ing fluid, and cut away the glas-i round	tm
bis drawing
H. Bourlter. 1 King St. W. Toronto
The Dominion of Canada Guarantee and Accident
Insurance Company.
Room# 400-12 Board ef Trade Building,
TORONTO. ONT.
Authorized Capital $1,000,000 Government Deposit 81,000
Head Office, - TORONTO
j GEORGE UOOÜERMAM, President.
J. E. ROBERTS, General fianager.
| A Canadian Company-with Canadian Capital and Canadian Dimerous,
Thomas Flynn.
John L. Corrn.
AS ANDIB80N, M.S,Us.f Osttsgs-sC.	à
¦cat- «=
Good Friend—T have reason to suspect that your husband is flirting w ith
You ought to follow
HER VIEW AND HIS.
She—What an imposing figure Major Borrows has.
He—Oh, yes ; naturally so.
She And why naturally f
He—He's always imposing on some
other women him wherever he goes.
Great Heavens f My husband is a letter carrier.
9
' What ?
AMBERINE”


like some of her elders
one
%
Every morning on the way to school is one that he was expelled from the ! said the little miss, the boys catch me university for marrying, and that, be-1 and kiss me.
ing very poor, his wife was obliged to j Why don’t you run f rom them ? ask-contribute toward the housekeeping by. i ed her father.	. .
knitting. It was while watching the Because, replied the small edition of motion of her fingers that he conceived | Eve, maybe they wouldn't chase how to imitate those movements by a
machine.	I A JUVENILE FINANCIER.
Arkwright accidentally derived the	A , . .	...	, D .
idea of spinning by rollers from seeing That eight-year-old boy of Il<>nd-a red-hot bar elongated by being pa&s- clipper’s is a chip of tin* old l*u k.
ed between two rollers.	]n w^nt wa^ '	,	_	,	,
The ordinary pi act ica of taking a bath > Res treasurer of his Sunday-school solved for Archimedes the question of class, and all the pennies that come into his hands he loans to his mother
C
<
TkômShosphaîePoiei?
If PC 020
me
BOO mrm	H Iq Haqtlllo^
IOOO li$ Toronto mi)à Loq^o^
Removes Dandruff in One Week. Cures Itching of the Scalp. Prevents Breaking of hair»
Stops Falling Out.
POSITIVELY GROWS HAIR.
COR SALE—Highly Improved Farm near Winnipeg;
I 3J0acres. No. 1 boil; improvement atone cost $9,< 00; price $8^000. say two thousand cash, balance in ten yearly payment4 ; Interest 6 per cent; will sell implement costing $1,360 for $800, say five him lred cash, balance J yearly payments : interest 6 per cent. Ê ddrvee, Frank 8. Nugent, Harris ter, Winnipeg.
Mille, Mills A Hales,
Barri>‘ors, etc.,remnve l to Wesley nidi's.. Richmond 8u VV„ Torcnto.
TORONTO CUTTING SCHOOL offers special 1 inducements to young men desirous of taking up Cutting. Full particulars on appli | cation. uj YONQE ST., TORONTO.
LAW
how to test the purity of the gold in
Ilieros crown. He observed that when | fifteen per cent ho stepped into a fuM bath tho- quantity of water which overflowed was equal to the bulk of his body, and it occurred to him that the worth of the crown might be tested by such means.
He thereupon made two masses of the | yet s:ime weight, as the crown, one of gold tho other of silver, and immersed them
p
THE USUAL WAY.
Bessie—Have you finished that novel? Lena—Yes, but I haven't begun it
Is is true that Pidger is financially I PAINT SO CHEAP ehingie roofs er eWee ol oMvat^/Ta't'oveXwld in'each'c^'	j
Having found by this means what a measure of the fluid answered to the quantity of each metal, ha? in the case of the gold than of tile silver—the bulk of the former being less, weight for weight—he next immersed the crown Itself, and found that It caused more water to overflow than the gold, but less than the silver the difference between the two masses of pure gold and gilver, in certain
A
THE INCREASING
«
¦ ^	vi yw ei.x.	^	^
Job Cook Iff CtL, Leadofl, Oat/^o^
\ SURE ! S&P

x-
LUDELLA Oeylon Tea
Popularity of
#
leaves no doubt that it is well worth your most careful attention.
eg, 40, $o and 6oc.
Having found
*
Try IS.
Lead packages#
# re»i


L
###PAGE###4###
\
Season of 1898.
The Pontiac Woollen Mills
Good Country Roads.
The Gquitÿ.
DIZZY SPELLS
And feelings of falntneae that come over you WITH PROPRE DKAIKAUK GOOD ROADS AR1 are only Nature warning you'of the weak
EASILY MAINTAINED	I
then all feelings of faintness disappear.
SHAWV1LLE, JULY 28, 1898
“The great secret of success in road» making and roap keeping is to drain the roads, and keep the roads drained by
__	keeping the ditches open,” writes John
The Turner Government of British I Gilmer Speed on “How to Have Good Columbia, after all finds itself in a minor ; country Roads," in the August Ladies' ity of three or four seats, when noses Home Journal, “The old method was to come to be counted.	| run a plough through the side ditches
0m^^0g^0^gand throw the disturbed soil, sod and all Hon. -Senator Gowan, of Barrie, has ! in the middle of the road. There it it another $400 to Principal Grant to would stay m the middle of the road, wards the endowment of the Sir John A. i I here it would stay till a heavy rain came MacDonald memorial chair in Kingston | to wash this soil back into the ditches and
till them up again. If there were money enough this kind of thing would be done over and over again, as often as four times
The Montreal Gazette remarks that |in • V*" Where there were wet spots , there are in the political situation some | «"d broken stone or gravel wou.d be things which make it possible that there	'"the road and lef for passing
from sevmd^quarters.'^to ZTdeTZ The money° wa's" absolutely thrum,
ssaeaT-* —...................RTSftsi %
outlets for them, and then so shape the road the water falling in a rainstorm will run off’ at once into the ditches. The water must not be suffered to run in the road, but off the road. The rainfall, being thus simply and effectively dispos/ ed ef, becomes*» most benuticial instead of a destructive agent; it cleans, and shapes, and hardens the roadway, instead of wash.	.	.	,	.,ing it away and deepening the ruts.
Although the appointments have not wBhen there ,,, wet placea ,uch „ .prings
actually been made, it is nevertheless understood here that it is quite settled that
Mr. Isaac Campbell, Q. C,, is to be appointed Senator for Winnipeg.
E. HODCIMS & SONS.
Having been thoroughly overhauled are again in full operation, fulfilling the requirements of the farmers of the surrounding country.
•i
yy E OFFER
At Lowest Prices
We - -
;
ttM
University. This makes$4,000 the sen a tor has contributed towards the chair.
Offer
Binder Twine Haying and Harvesting Tools Machine Oils Harvest Mitts Paris Green.
done on shortest notice and with the usual satisfaction
to customers.
O
O
The Ottawa Citizen, maintains that the present high price for binder twine is solely due to the Dominion Governmeut having placed that commodity on the free list, thus crippling the industries that were engaged in its manufacture here, and curtailing the output. The war has nothing to do with the increased price.
The large stock of
Goods In connection, namely of-^

i -
Binder Twine, Grain Cradles, Machine Oils
TWEEDS, WORSTEDS, SERGES, FLANNELS, PRINTS, &%
I
#
L
in the roadway, gravel and broken stone
Col Hutton, C. IV, will'succeed General |	d%ed"dl' u^demeath'/he Toad'
Caacoigue as general officer commanding
the Canadian militia and that Major Foster, U. E , will be appointed quartermaster general in place of Col. Lake.
#

9
J. H, SHAW.
way and into the ditches by means of pipes or blind drains. The whole thing is so simple that any one can easily master the principles and put the details into practical operation."
T
ALSO
will be found of the latest design, of superior manufacture, and at prices that cannot be honestly under-
• I Cute * e
The postal note system will be in opera tion shortly. The object of these notes is to largely take the place of poet office orders for transmitting small sums of money. The cost of obtaining these notes from the Government will be from one cent up to 40 cents. For instance a five dollar note can be obtained for three cents, and a 25 cent note will cost one cent. About sixteen denominations will be issued in all, but these will not be all ready for the present.
The Bell Telephone Company, one of
Massey-Harris Co. P. s.—Preserving Kettles
and Jars.
(
The War Situation.
Repairs.
If the Spaniards were not afflicted with so much “honor" they would immediate ly sue for peace, and the war which has been so unfortunate for them would end forever. If there was any liklihood of an American reverse, there would be some excuse for a continuation of hostilities, but after Cervera's exploits and the ignoble surrender of Santiago, a continua-
K'sra&'Bsrtt trs I	wst
vrrf^îrs
it, line, eastward to compete with the being a'av?d„uff “ a, po,aible. It Bell. London ha, .Iready granted the1 wou,d be better to face the worat now new company a fifteen year franchise, and St. Thomas, Brantford, Hamilton and other cities are prepared to welcome it.
The days of the exorbitant telephone rate are numbered.—Ottawa Citizen.
<
An
o
I
Inspection
WILL REPAY INTENDING BUYERS,
o
A. HODGINS,
PROPRIETOR.
EHmkEEIe. hodcins & SONS.
to execute one wise movement now. The government of Sagasta is probably as good a government as Spain could have.
The euplementary naval estimates sub I Perhaps no other Spanish government milled to Ihe Imperial Parliament call could have prosecuted the war wit.i fur an expenditure of $8,000,000, and. greater success. The disintegrate of with those alreudy brought down, will ^Pa’n began long ago when c mean the construction uf new vessels ^rst began to mark Spanish r battleships, cruisers and torpedo destroy tion, particularly the adnv •« era. to the value of £15,000,000, or sixty | her colonial affairs. Saga ta million dollars. Most of the extra grant rether than the author oi tno ci.c.in • has been necessitated by the action of Rtn stances that now confront his country, sia it: preparing to build new ships, and he fears, not without reason, that hv in keep ng with the resolve to maintain n:a)r become the victim to lvis country s tin British navy at a strength equal t displeasure, for her national “honor" de that uf any two possible antagonists, mandu sacrifice, and Sagasta is the “shin-This means a somewhat heavy task, even big mark." Tire mob is not prone to for the United Kingdom; but as it recog• argue a question on its merits and make nized as * necessary task the country will a logical selection of its victim. If h bear it as it bears other burdens that were» b would have to satisfy its revenge grow out of its greatness.	by the destruction of movements.
In the Phillipines, Rear Admiral Dewey appeals to be able to hold his own with • •ut assistance or oven advice. Perhaps he is better off without the latter. Ad di.-al Nelson, two whom he has been com i
Shawville
Sash and Door Factory.
McCredie & Hodgins, Proprietors.
H. PERRY
5
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
lot
Practical Tinsmith
ru
u
atl'.'ll <1
lie v ct u
»
ATENTS
has opened shop in the premises directly opposite the Russell House, Shawville, Que., where he has on display a line range of
Sashes, Doors, Mouldings, Blinds, etc., manufactured to order.
All kinds of Matching and Planing done on shortest notice.
Estimates Furnished.
Feed and Provender G round.
Trade Marks Designs
rffYn1 Copyrights &c.
Anvone sending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an Invention is probably patentable. Communications atrictly confidential. Handbook on Patenta sent free. Oldest agency for securing patents.
Patents taken through Munn A Co. receive tptcial tiotlce, without charge, in the
Tinware, Agateware,
Stoves etc.
X
Scientific American.
Special attention given to furnace work, hot water or steam fitting, plumbing and roofing.
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest ctr dilation of any scientific Journal. Terms, #3 a year ; four months, $L Bold by all newsdealers.
MUNN m.-6'1™--New York
Branch Office 636 F St.. Washington, D. C.
The Moncton Transcript thinks that after a short while Liberal Government in Canada will mean “one cent saved to the people of Canada on each letter mail
ed to points in the Dominion or the Unit pared by enthusiastic admirers, liked no*
States, and three cents saved on each let- thing better than to get beyond the reach ter mailed in Canada to Great Britain, uf mdera and give his own genius full Newfoundland, Cape of Good Hope or 9W»y. Dewey ia a man of few words.
Natal." To those who take the pretence Uis despatches are models of brevity and Suffering from palpitation of the heart, for the thing itself, the Transcript s claim conciseness. He is a strong “ magerful” dizzy or faint spells, watery blood, will seem all right. To those who look at man and his countrymen are satisfied that	etc., can be readily cured,
the public accounts it will be known that American interests are safe that are en
reduction in postage rates will mean a trusted to so gallant a sailor and ao able I A Manitoba Lady Tells About Her Catf,
greater deficit on the administration of a diplomat. If reports from Manilla be |	________
the department to be made good out of true he ha, put a etop to German annoy- There no need whatever for M many other sources of revenue. The “saving" ancos by insisting upon an answer to his women &o be the subject of faint spells, is very Laurier like. It is not a saving, question whether Germany is at peace or heart and nerve weakness, anaemia, or —Montreal Gazette.	war with the United States. The indica
tions are that the city will soon be occu-Visitors to Ottawa's great fair in Sep pied by the American troops. Bar tember will see many changes and im- rasaed by the insurgents in the rear, the provenants at Lansdowne Park, where Spanish can save the city only by sur* the exhibition is held. Indeed the im- render, provenants have been so great that Otta
wa confidently assert their fair park and I so pleasant, although Santiago has fallen accomodation are now the very best in and Cervera's fleet is destroyed. General Canada. The size of the grounds has Shafter appears to have a good deal more been increased by the acquirement of trouble than he counted upon. Branded some eight or ten acres and the canal bay as a coward by Richard Harding Davis, has been transformed into a beautiful alopped on the face by a yel ow journal-lake with a running fountain. A new i§t, and at loggerheads with the ineur-main building, fire proof, in which all gents whom he was sent to liberate, he the exhibits will be on the first floor, ad- must find his vexations hard to bear in ditions to all the other buildings and the the awful heat of a Cuban summer. Gen-construction of a wharf near the Elgin eral Miles too has met with vexatious destreet gate are among the other im- lays in his Porto Rican campaign through provenants. As usual the fair directors failure to meet with Admiral Sampson’s have secured a fine list of special attrac escort. This was not his fault but Samp
tions. The night spectacular will be the sun's. At the same time, the delay was ten years I was troubled with throbbing “Siege of Delhi," the costliest and most none the less vexatious and perhaps dan- *n<* flattering of the heart. I tried five thrilling military spectacle yet produced gérons. The movement on Porto Rico d°otors and several remedies but none of by the renowned firm of Hand & Teale. has every appearance of a land grabbing .ri?.,JT mur.i goo* . Lately I bear«
We icarn that among the .peciali.t. ,e scheme aud a few delay, and vexation. ^ught two box*. BeWI .tarU using cured are Prof. Lazcam the famous bal- are neither here nor there when the prize yiem j couid not my house work and
lonist and parachute performer, Prof, i is so valuable and its acquisition sure. gave myself up to die, as I thought I would A	.	.	.
Sutherland the “dare devil rider of the In the meantime, Premier Sagasta is never be cured. Now I feel really splendid A Complete Rim elegant century." Johnston, Davenport and Lor* attempting to prevent disturbances at since taking the pills, do my work, enjoy	SOrtment of TlN and
ello, comedy acrobats, Newell and Shev- home by suppressing the agitators and my meals and feel as if there was some-	.	1
ette, triple bar performers, and the Cor- exercising a more rigid censorship of the thing in life worth living for."	AGATEWARE
nalla's quintette, the favorite European press, perfectly unmindful of the fact that Milburn's Heart and Nerve Pills, sold constantly keüt OR hand Court acrobats. The last named family | the longer the agitation is suppressed the J>y 1‘ 1	or	3 l^x*9	*
is said to be the greatest in their line in j more disastrous will be the inevitable ex* for #1 95. T. Milbuai Co., Toronto, Ont.
the world. There will also be the marvel | plosion. It takes Spain a long time to of the century, “the high diving horses,” learn that perfect freedom of speech and and the “guideless wonders," horses that action ia the safety valve of any country, trot against each other without drivers. [ —Ottawa Citizen.	*
WEAK, NERVOUS WOMEN
tlT HIGHEST PRIVE PAID FOR HIDES AND PELTS,
cto
A Call Solicited
H. PERRY.
QTOVEJALrç
March 8, 98.
¦
any of those health destroying ailments
peculiar to her sex. Mil-SF burn's Heart and Nerve $ Pills regulate the heart ** beat and make it strong and full, tone the nerves, enrich the blood, \ and relieve the pain and weakness from 7 wliich so many women M suffer.
[ARMS for the
^tiâÉNdiKi
When in need of a Capital Range or COOK STOVE at prices away down drop in and see the stock
carried at
%
hCr£i!xl
f
In Cuba the American situation is not
a

A
Mrs. Alexander Better, of Pigeon Bluff, Man., writes an account of her case as follows: " I have great pleasure in giv-
\
I
MILBURN
HEART 4 , NERVE
GEO. E. WAINMAN’S.

&
/

1
f
W <
»
\ v
V*
Tinware Depot, aSfcSS I Main St., - - Shawville.
Heart and Nerve Pills. For about

ù r,
\
i

t,
/


‘ SSSf^-MSfSSSSXStg
Marlin Repeaters
have Solid Tops, shedding water hire a duck's back. Our 197-paoe book (Just out) tells all about them. Up-to-date Infor-
I
r
A
Best
Lowest
Prices,
f
Goods.
i
and
——o
m i* ion about powders,black andsmok* less; proper sixes, quantities, bow to load ; hundreds of bullets, lead, alloyed, Jacketed, soft-nosed, mushroom," etc. : traiectonee, velocities, p« net rations. All calibres *1 to 46; how to care for arms and 1,000other thing». Including many trade secret# never before given to the public.
as-

jJljrll* nrsarau Cx^risw1*
The

For Prices on MARLINB, (any calibre) consult YOUR NEAREST DEALER
•esnsMBsas
PH## E##.
G. E. Wainaan,
Shawville, June 14, ’98.


%

Êf:


r
###PAGE###5###
THE WAR.
as guides and interpreters in his coming campaign, but the administration has been very careful to not make any promises about recognizing the Junta when Porto Rico has fallen.
McGuire, île Tailor.
Another Naval Victory
a
tt
((
SPANISH TRANSPORTS AND GUNBOATS AT MANZANILLO DESTROYED.
Plays del Este, Guantanamo Bay, July —'•—The following ia the official account of the latest naval victory—that at Man
zanillo—told t>y Commander Todd, of the y ashiog&on, July 21.—The Spanish solicited States gunboat Wilmington, in his ^'or® wh° are now prisoners of war at , report to Admiral Sampson;—	Santiago will be taken back to Spain on
« “At seven o’clock on the morning of Spanish ships. The contract for their $ 18, the vessels on blockade duty in this transport has been awarded to the Spanish vicinity, the Wilmington, Helena, Sour- Trans-Atlantique Company, represented pion, Hist, Hornet, Wampatuck, and ^y J. M. Ceballos & Co., of New York.
Osceola, approached the harbor of Man- Th
from
Spanish Prisoners.
u
u
a
WILL BE TBKEN BACK TO SPAIN ON SPANISH SHIPS,
n
(i
(i
22
Keep Cool !
a
u
a
•i
u
a
n
P. S.—Unlined Coats.
a
J
zanillo on the weetward. At half past I Oom Cuban pwte to Spam fo/$2o"kr I	A. llOt tllUG 18 COIÏlillSf. Ill OPClOT
sevt n the Wilmington and Helena enter- each enlisted man and $65 for each com- ^r\ Vûûrv	"U r-%	^	1 i jn	¦%
ed the northern channel toward the city, missioned officer, subsistence to be fur-	J^l L/UU1 XlcLv© Q, lOO-K ul~17*011 P*h
Scorpion and Osceola the mid chan« nished by the company on the army ra-1	TTYvmnn«/-t vin ^	^ p r>\ •	" -,
nell, and the Hist, Hornet end Wain pa tion basis as provided for in the Govern* ^ ^1 11X1 £110 LIS G r£lI12f© Ol Jo^^lSS £111 U. tuck the south entrance, the movements	advertisement for bids.	afoirinrl ivinnlivi« ^	i	*
of the vessels being so timed as to bring The award provides also that the com - ® VO;lliy U 111 U.S11I1S, TDlTGCcllGS Z6VDlir
2ÏÏUÎÏ2 SS2.1" I M'-ir	I ginghams and other washable fob-Iff». a. Graham - -
“At 7.60 fire was opened on the ship-	ân(* enough to complete the trsn- yipci_Pnrrnnf cv4-v-i-flP «4-^	^ 1
àr.V.S.V.î'^T.h^ s'S C“sÆ.?rr; ‘zp:	a Pom" '	' 'stark6’3 Corncrs
transports, El Gloria, Jose Garcia and La I were considered, that the Spanish Trans- AVI UdUlti, vvUOl cXUCl IELSlllOIlEi Dl© ClrGSS Puriaima and Conception were burned I -Atlantique Company finally being *c- OT* oTn	TKTCk io4-
and destroyed. The Pontoon which was cepted as in all respects regarded as be | OAxli. U W dlOU. the harbor guard and atoreship, probably	the beat made	_
for ammunition, was burned and blown On the basis of 24,000 enlisted men I	TTTA	J • i	,	1
up. Three gunboats were destroyed. an^ 1,000 officers, it will coat the Gov I	VV © lid/V © jjcLSSGCl XU uO SLOCiC OUI*
One other was driven ashore and sunk; ernment $535,000 to transport the pri-	•	,
and a third was driven ashore and is be -oners.	Uilll U lOU OI -DlOUSGS, til© IllCGSt
"No cu.ltie. occurred on board any Washington, July21.-During the nav-	haV0 ShOWEL tlllS S0aSOIl,
sss^ltggpl;IIssssœ
» I	tropes. Guaranteed fast colors,
Am“u“ 1	’r.î.sïï,fLrs and only 75 cents each.
•CUBANS PROTEST aoainst v. s. treatment. I the battleship and exploded, destroying	Q# _ _ j i _	j	.	I	Mn Graham.
--	the ceilings and walls of several of the	&GG UllGDl EU2Q VOll 3LTQ SUTG LO QTT A Q VYMTXÏY2L
London, July 25.—A special despatch I *»rd rooms occupied by the officers. No I	-,	**	I OJ.J-SJljLO a U JN U\
from Madrid says the Spanish government I one was injured. The repairs of the ves | UU^# has drawn up a message for Washington #el are being effected at Guantanamo by preparatory to discussing peace. An arm- the engineer repair ship Vulcan and the latioe is proposed.	| -hip's force,
Santiago, de Cuba via Kingston, Ja.,
July 25.—The Cubans here resent Gen-1 Shatter's attitude
the
o
THE STOCK-IN-TRADE OF
CONSISTING OF
A COMPLETE RANGE OP
Having been purchased by the under signed, he desires to inform the people of the surrounding country that he intends carrying on business in the premises, and by square dealing and strict attention to the requrementa of the public, he hopes to merit a continuance of the patronage extended to
same
Bristol WM
G. F. HODGINS,
AND-
In Santiago harbor the other evening
In ignoring 0,,.,-1
SsBÏISSSiS
interior, hi, letter to General Shatter and The officeri Peered, he with them, and
iS	153£? - "!¦ —«
and applauded by all classes of natives. General Garcia refused to accept a subordinate place, insisting that he was
an ally.	I bieyllst tshould be without a bottle of
Gen. Shatter', answer, saying that thi,	and roî^ne?.1 of L* fol n'uïndmu^
was a war between the v. o. aud the des. Relieves pain anil takeedown swelling Kingdom of Spain, irrespective of Cuba’s j 1,1 an tnstant. 25 cents.
individual	and President
Kinley’s instructions with reference to the administration of the surrendered district,
published here yesterday are interpreted I Sackville, N. B., July 25.—Rev. Dr. as tacit avowal of American intentions to | Allison a Methodist clergyman created annex the island and to not grant inde- quite a sensation here yesterday by dependence. This is opposed by the Cub- uounciog prohibition from his pulpit. |g0gScnor Joaquin Castillo, president of the S.in Carlos Club, and a brother of General Castillo, urges an official protest to President McKinley without delay, saying:—“Silence now would indicate our consent to the American attitude, which plain breach of faith that the Cubans cannot possibly tolerate.
A meeting was held yesterday after-at San Carlos Club, to discuss the matter, and it is probable that> pro*e, t drawn up which will be submitted.
TROOP* SUFFER
The United States forces are suffering in great numbers from heat and malaria.
Two hundred cases in Gen. Kent’s division, 90 in Gen. Lawton’s, and 80 in Gen. Ludlow’s were reported this morning. The horses are also prostrated. Of six companies of the Ninth Infantry, companies B, C, D, F. G. and H, quartered at the theatre hero, 117 are report- j ed on the sick list.
Owing to the number of sick the garrison here is doing guard day and night and is breaking down with excessive work. Thus far there is no talk of relieving the men. The Ninth and Thirteenth Infantry constitute the garrison at present.
M Pit Ferry.
era
and
The Up-to-date Store.

Until further notice, the undersigned, who has secured a good safe boat, will carry passengers and freight every day (Sundays except, d) between me above named places at the usual rates,—
Leaving Bristol Wharf at 8 a m., & 4.30. p. m. “ Hand Point “ 10 15 a.m.. <fc 0.45, p. m.
Special trips run when they will not Inters fere with the regular.
GEORGE BALLANTINE
THE WHEELMAN’S FRIEND
Bristol, April 22, 1898,
t'.
Gray’s | 6 Syrup E of Red
; §fidc.”5& Spruce
:
A Ghastly Sight.
IA
Chester, Pa., July 22.—The British tank steamer Oilfields, which arrived here today from Shields, England, reports having passed a large number of bodies of persons while off the Newfoundland Banks, a few days ago. Captain Shawyer stated that there were fully 200, and he supposed them to be some of the victims
A Klondiiior Reported to have two I of the La Bourgogne disaster.
Tons of Fuggots.	-—_  ----------------- .ji—— .lj . _
Deonunced Prohibition
1
H
: 7*
/
ans

«2.V
Eleventh Annual
\mrni ClieslerWiiitB Pip I exhibition
Quebec, July 25.—A letter received here from a Quebecer, now in Dawson City, states that one man has taken two tons of gold from his claim on the El Dorado creek. The cleaning is worth over a million dollars.
Gum
chitis, Sore v throat, etc.
' KERRY, WATSON A CO., Pnom
f V
is a

AT
For Sale.
OTTAWA, ONT,
SEPT. 16 ~ 24, i ’98.
The undersigned offers for sale 9 young pigs—3 hogs and 0 sows, farrowed June 18th, Imps. Bred from Beg Hog “duck” No 948, and
No 1 two—whose pedigrees
rroat
noon
Montreal
3
was
Reg. sow. “Regan’’ can be seen at the owner's.
He also offers for service the above named Reg. Hog. Fee 11.00.
HENRY T. McDOWELL,
Lot 4 6 R. Clarendon
Indiana Charged with wholesale
Murder.
Ü
PATENTS
Port Arthur, July 20.—Four Indians | July 4, ’98 were arrested last night at Heron Bay on the charge of having committed 8 mur decs. They are all brothers, John Lock Moses, Joseph Moses, Lewis Moses, Antonia Moses. They are accused of hav ing murdered five section men from on whenjon a fishing excursion, five years
Over $75,000
[PROMPTLY SECURED!
O
READ THIS!
Write for our interesting books “ Invent or's Help” and “How you are swindled.” Send us a rough sketch or model of veur invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. We make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
Civil A Mechanical Engineers, Graduate* of the Polytechnic School of Engineering, Bachelors In Applied Sciences, Laval University. Members Patent Law Aisoclatlon, American Water Works Association, New England Water Works Assoc. P. U. Siu veyore Association, Assoc. Member Can. Society of Civil Engineers.
OFFICES: {
expended this year in extending and improving the grounds and erecting new buildings.
o
or, VTE7ANTED a man who desires to fill a I	steady, paying position and earn good
wages. If you are at present employed, that need not prevent you from sending us
When Joseph Mo,e. wa. searched the I
silver watch of one of the missing men and thoroughly up-to-date nurseries in the was found in his possession. A year lat- Dominion. There Is a largely Increasing deer the Indian, slew two of their relatives	%%you
to secure some furs and the next winter nothing; you get your pay every Saturday.
murdered a white trader They have de- MVtifc hed capture for years. They lived in the for part time. We grow a full line of
afiBszKrsfsffS ESS®5®
UNITED STATES intend to make A naval I ty are now in jail here.	guaranteed to live.
station OF IT.	I	______ Write and tell us you are open for an offer
and we will make you a proposition you will
JSSSSi SfaîMtaïSB:I AttSKSSu;	w
•d States ia the avowed policy of the ad 1 nlghte	1	TORONTO, ONT
ministration.
:
ago
The Prizes have been increased in all Live Stock Classes, including Poultry and Pigeons, besides 32 Gold Medals as “Special Sweepstake Prizes” for Horses and Cattle.
New Main Building 310 feet long, con* structed of iron, Agricultural Implement Hall and Poultry Building enlarg Dining Halls, in brief all build constructed and enlarged.
Superior Live Stock accomodaton, New and Novel Special Attractions for day and including Diving Horses, Horses
Mr. Charte. Riordan of the Merritton I---------------7th records of 2.12 and 2.17 that race
sc'JwLtStiriCSaST" HWjS1161,8 ! ' " " " ?fr“t
=EEBh‘EH",Hi sESdHr ”¦*5; i™!!”1”! ‘SÜ.,,,;.
Mexico the Carnbean Sea and the fut- Mrs. Stephen Ledue, wife of a hotel	foïhom^row2»S^l8to5t
ure canal across the Isthmus.	keeper at Bearbroolf, was burned to death is on the increase We need more men. If
When the United States undertook to t>y a lamp explosion on Sunday night want steady, paying work, write us. drive Spain from the island of Cuba, it 17th.	We furnish all supplies free.
eHH,£".hH35	=42' eBBsssl¦
the inhabitants of Porto Rico may not Mrs Leahy, whose husband and five m®n. like the change, there ia little doubt they children it will be remembered were burnt We guarantee all our stock, will soon learn that the Government of to death at Ottawa in December last, We furnish purchasers with eertifi-the United States is preferable to that of died at the Water street hospital on Sat-	cates from Government Inspector, j
Spain.	urday morning. She leaves two children	stating our stock is free from San
Members of the Porto Rican Junta in —that remain of a family of nine. I Jose Scale,
New York city, who have been working Mr. Leiter, senior, after selling proper 0ar nurseries comprise over 700 acres, and
for the formation of an independent form	ty at over a million dollar#, has borrowed	rnîTiVS thecliSeif1poselbleflgarâ.	-
of government for the island, have re	$3,000,000 more, for the purpose of msk-	Men succeed with us who have	failed
oeived little encouragement from the ad-	ing good his son’s wheat losses. The	with others.
ministration. General Miles has agreed	Leiter deal was the biggest of its kind-	It will cost you nothing to learn what	we
sx zLtzzrL 00 - »S£«asa «— -
NEW YORK LIFE B'LTtt., MONTREAL 0AM. ATLANTIC BUILDING., WASHINGTON, D O.
Will Keep Porto Rico.
ed, New ings re-
warranted and
hÆ
m

(<!

m


!
night,
% *
1

A I
: ; WILD • ,
lstrawbeisM
71
i

% Va i « 44
Evening Entertainment
)
as usual. Magnificent Spectacu-ular : “The Siege of Delhi” every night with fireworks, and all specialties performing
Is the most reliable and effective remedy known for the reVcf and ) cum of DlAVKHOtA. ITSfSENTFRY,
Couc. Champ*. Cholera mnd Sum. mer compta ivt. It settle* the 7. stomach, stimu’etea tha heart, soothes and heals the Irritated bowel.
s
)

I
Special Low Hates on all linos of travel#
NEVTR FAILS.
" For several sens *n l xv » have re-Mlied on Dr. Fowler’s Extract of Wild <• Strawberry for mil summer com* 1 plaintr.. A few do*#* always give relief and it never fail* to cure. We think it a very vn’uaMe medicine— as precious ms rold.”
Winger. Font Hill. Ont
i
I
Eor all particulars address
i
enables us
Wi. Mchisr, M.P., £. McMakflB,
Secretary 3# SparksISt
MSJ. F. C.
I
President,
FRICK SS CCNTS









w

###PAGE###6###
ITEMS OF INTEREST.
MU the
IB ROUTS FOR THE YUKON
27th.—We are still at our second camp—everyone is in good health and
Mietenrj of thin cream, ml, the parle I	—	I g™- H^mÜT^th^w? find
green into this liquid, then add to the SOME PERSONAL EXPERIENCES OF our meals more satisfactory and rewater and keep agitated while spree-	A HUNTER FOR GOLD.	gular. T. went to dkaguay to-day end
si	1
in contact with vessels used to ton through many (rain.4torms and continue I tie following account of the exper-	TWO OR THRFE DAYS , I In three years the expense of run*
!:!d %Za%r%^ar:mcI^ I	thB	îbo°KloLa^7r,;;riHTt|nt°e“re«ting" Tl'e	milTJf °“ l° ""	^	”*"** **
intlk have been removed. Wash one Udn, iin my potatoes l have needed no writer was until very recently abusi- . April 1st-We are now camped with-	n# iwm
of two glass tumblers which have held l more «praying, and two weeks after QPSfl mim |u tho Northwest but sold in four m,lea of the Summit, and are | tat ions of the 1 aria .x 1	^
-™ >»	-...•»«	-1zæÿ&jxste?" ,1"|-..«*“Jbs; j”„*sr““
hla way to the mines. His experiences | stage without are thus related by himself
to bne pound of paris green flour ta a bucket or buckets to m con
e
On the Farm.
.4 Few Paragraphe Which Will he Foeew
Well Worth Beading.
Eight thousand carrier-pigeons, all well-trained are in use In thq German
x
lug

(
<
Ibe buildings, walks and ornnmen-
will cost 120.0(H),000.
Sheep thrive best in a pasture where particular diffi-1 moles are numerous. The mole-boles I except the fact | serve to drain the land.
»
as
We made this
)
cold water Indore the hot-water hath
any
culty or mishap, if that I got up to my nook, in the river and on one occasion was run into by a I wrote you last from thq steamship loose sled coming down the hill while
n-	: HsSS..................
trimmed corn, wheat, oats and such	on* °r he American, ses j»orts to |mt R reasonable amount of swearing to the smallest possible bulk, and
crops will not thrive there, and in con- the Yukon country—a very rough,irre- at the owner of the sleigh and an ap- thus sleep
53prfr,	, , lt „
the farmer really desires to utilize that	A 1 llt **'M mllt 8 o«)k uh to the > kaguay	our good*	up a steep hill, and thence	the	navy, 52 ixir cent, of the petty
o-round alontf his he dire# Usually the	wb‘cb town we reached on the 15th. I	send them	forward by horses; trail is	officers, and 42 per cent, of the sea-
,	St-»!»
vrais beyond dispute. Mnooth surfaces. hy ninBing R hnrrow over it the ground sarui-these towns are full of people “'uth-All «udoIIm are ^ *'	pendente, Kansas, was amputated four
SrEH 1SS5SS	.... i~ K"" A-~ «
. / .	. 1	.y# u .1 v	• will be out of the way here. These pro- 1 meal for 50 cents. We lost a day in point, at Log Cabin, within nine miles Artificial teeth made of paper are
of dairy implements should have their duvts will sell in the markets or will j getting clearances from the American of Lake Bennett, where we will build
ssssi
er, frmne purchased w hi< h furnish	lurk-	ways ways to utilize these vacant or	and if they are fat and short they look	considering	the idea of selling the	A	novel cure for consumption, it (1
ing-piare.s	for	unwholesome	germs,	neglected hits of land if we will «top	v funny We hired teams to take	hora<‘a nnd	buying dogs and pushing	ha8 been for some time In use
Mhany. “	Jen Iff l°	-- °Ur 8UPP,i“ “P t0 tb# kaguay river. wea^r^t.^uV'watm'we"' wiU cer- "* Dr. J B. Murphy of Chicago. The
chagrin of the maker, has been off	YOUNG TURKRY3.	on the ice, to the mouth of the path, tainly have to abandon our horses, remedy consists in the hypodermic in-
Mil MlSipffEell PH
could not l»e reached and destroy- wheato with the feed so as to get them | |)ut waa disappointed* in fact nothing verj interesting picture, and we are Hpain is so much in need of tun os, ed. Have not women been often in a- (m^ whole grain as soon as possible. uaa _	„	’	.	* sorry we did not have a kodak to take that any person entering her limit#
r„ Mrs."?, ass >.-• r	T	s.'5	..
people of the country combining and which the turkeys are housed at .	..	*	UP THE MOUNTAIN SIDE	seems new.
demanding of manufacturers more night. This will encourage them to	along much better if the	. -1	, t	An early Anglo-Saxon custom, strict-
careful construction of dairy utensils? return at night.	weather was cold, but it only freezes a , 1	1	. k ',•	( f ,	, k ly followed by newly married couple»,
mgasgg #3#^#
something better,the bowl must be us- Le saved. Although not a pleasant We arrived at the mouth of the Moun-	iVil	-an boDe>r,nouth
rns	•* r~-« - **» **• »>, *. —« * K*;i -
ery time they are used, and the butter otf a bird whistle and spy glass we ani fuun<* sume tN'° thousand people dangerous on account of the	.
should stand in the bow l as short a	have facilitated greatly the worst drud- camped	on	the	ice,	and	thousands	of	s‘,des, one of which	occurred five ‘	'8 I those of the second-class, after ibers,
a z	^ - •«*’	-	¦»»'-	f«-	»	...	y r.vx.ïs	rarinsiS.
-tS I PERMANENT PASTURES.	SZ‘JZrZ‘Zu, »	3ÜWa™*.,. Ihiu.cI.j, .„d
¦.ni“id.trCi».V,"5,ZÔ.1 |'.U i".oi£ ' l^«jSuvt2"«SSSUa. r™ 0"uRi«p“*rt l°*”°rr0" “ "°rt °“r	ÎS'ÏÏ.i.» M i	o«bl,8,.m t,.o N.» Yo.l ,0 Lo.do.,
g «rysrMres ^rr.“,d.,r's	s« Sssi?,oSL
ESSSEEC'	c “* e'veryove camper rerr - TllTî’good heautr St	. —
utes recommended scouring pans, pails the re foie advisable to add n!so some and cans with salt. Would not this	tall oat, .grass, meadow foxtail and
the tin rapidly to deteriorate ?	some of the festucas and June grass
A luxuriant crop of clover will gen erally run out sheep sorrel.
the one washed with scalding water looks dingy and dull, the other clear and sparkling. Upon the surface of the one has been deposited a thin coating of milk, which in the other was removed by the cold bath. The same processes produce like results with tin. The coating deposited by the boiling water may not l*c i>onM‘ptible to the eye, as in the case of the tumbler, but It is there as truly as are the 1 meter la in the air we breathe, in the water we drink, and which the microscope re-
LAND ALONG HEDGEROWS

r
Since the beginning of the present war lobsters have become unaccountably scarce on the Atlantic const.
It Is the habit of Arctic dogs to
March 17, 1898
A great many farmers who have hedges around their farms complain of
In the United State» regular army, about 25 per cent, are foreigners. In
rn
furnished by the dentists of Germany

United States war vessels of the first-class are named after States*
those of the third, after the principal cities and towns, and those of the fourth, as the President may direct.
it costs 25 cents a word to send &
At the summit we
*
itted a score of times be-
iym
Thin bam Wo tubes are fastened to
moving as quickly as possible, out I and living well. Our menu comprises	,	.	.	.
of the river flats to higher ground, pork, ham, canned beef, beans, com- carrier pigeons In China, to protect
as there is danger of the former break- pressed potatoes and onions, oatmeal, them from birds of prey. When the
pMlteflüH
four days making this distance, haul- supplies are moving along to the next
Sir •¦«•orge Turner of Au*trails Trie* ills ,ntf ^	, our horse,and packing on | stage. This place, called Log Cabin	4l.
use. and it does not matter very much cal tradesmen’s club took place on the Ior .P6®» * mean my lead pencil, great many people are giving it up juws make this a crime, and he has
whether it is wanted for sheep, cattle. St. Kilda ground in the presence of a tjJe frldl', on the narrow river* on*!he	^ttii!‘at® Benne°U bee" *>ntenced to two years' imprison-
swine or horses, it is highly useful in large number of spectators, says the ice, every available space is taken up where I believe there is some sort of mente any case. There are but few sections Melbourne Argus. The municipalities with tents and tons and tons of sup- mail service
says Pro#. Shaw, where it will not won the toss, and after the customary |,lu‘s' l°d the mountains rise up a! Lake Bennett, May 1st.—I am very I man in Pratt County, Kansas, on his
rv- s-v* "" wï.‘"; ¦“;! »r!“vr	-	ftrs. sa^tTMt sg zt‘ #-&.'& “nss
there is no kind of soil on which it will bat. Sir George Turner was sent in narrow, and winds in and out, and weeks’ very hard work. I have been
fail to make more or less growth, un- —or, to be more correct, went in early; twists and turns around huge rocks | driving a dog train nearly all this some fraudulent transaction. The of-less it is soil soaked with water in the but ho proved a dismal failure as he “n<1 ftcr”8 loe anl snow bridges. On ; time, and have just brought down the f|(*r was considerate enough not to
the	car
he refused to yield his bat on the Here will be a pony loaded with boxes I have struck yet, consisting of«- canvas not he followed by another crop the ground that it was only a “trail ball" hales and hags on oue or two sleds, and loff stores and hotels, all put up
ss	£ “*' — -	— «•	& ïiæk-- “ KJ:...........,.
as early as September, and if it is to er occasion the Premier “went out’ to ox puiiing ded», then wall be follow-, being built and got ready for the open- in the Grecian Archipelago. The con-he pastured in the autumn, it should meet the ball—which he, of course, ing a string of donkeys some hauling in& of tbe lttke- Tbis 18 ©*P®cted to federation numbers over 7 000 tier-
ESS5E&345
difficulty may lie obviatedsometimes	™ It ha^ned	that he and the drivers; and so the whole	-*"- and no female is ever permitted there.
ïst* Br-ihr-r	i£rAzs\£is:	™ home-made SL’nasss&s* “
EEEHfE™ EH-S'ÉsBê EFESSœE SrSSs"'-trv,^
eaten too Imre toward the npproach of ', ®	,T	'Î', curs, when a horse is down, or an Physician-I will be frank with yon. eighth birthday, she presented to him
w inter. When thus eaten an II a bard	b°‘ th^'hlnd for faîiintr to “P^t happens, which ie very frequent sir. (Being unalrle to discover what was a carriage, a gold watch, a herd of ten
winter follows the produce of the rye %'^a"y by the hind for^fa.hng to	cavalcade is delayed.	the matter with you. and being unwill- Holstein cows, and #3.000 in cash. Dur-
SBZfïJsffZ'-'sz	EEEH "HE p
pears to be much older; he pulls in treatment has not commenced yet. [ler t0 °1:lke lbe?®	^8’	be
front and she shoves behind with a	(But you have given me pills right knew nothing of her thrift until	he repole on the sled. There is also a one-	along.	ceived the gifts.
legged min, whom I frequently pass- They were only a sham. They were As a strategetical i>oint Cuba is ed and repassed, with bis pack on his	made of bread.	considered of great importance	by	Cap*
S* abT^kw.r.,r»;i.fï,.0* HLT.it	•- -> t.
25th—We have	made it.	He says, “So far as position goes, Cubs
Mo wonder I'm worse.	has no possible rival in her command o1
the Yucatan Passage, just as she hiu no competitor, in point of nature strength and resources, for the con trol of the Florida Strait, which con nects the Gulf of Mexico with thi Atlantic."	#
is
cause
Washing with strong soapsuds- occasionally before the hot water bath, suffices to sweeten, and will not in any way injure.
the action of the
A PRIME MINISTER AT CRICKET
The glories of war bad no attraction»
RYE FOR PASTURE
Ala., he
A humiliating misfortune befell a
honeymoon trip. He has a wooden leg, and on the train, he was arrested for
its purpose in providing pasture there j second ball he was clean bowled, but are hut few localities in which it can
most remarkable scene
A monastic confederation of Greek Christiana has existed since the twel-
will 'be much less the following season. And when rye is sown so late
that it enters the winter in a weak 4	...	...	.	, .	.	,
condition, the results the following turn t0 *be Pavilion he explained, that spring will also l>e disappointing. The t?ot out through a fly alighting on growth will lie much more feeble than bls spectacles as the ball was being de-t.hat of rye which hvs gone into the Uvered. Through his glasses the fly winter in a strung and vigorous con- became magnified, and thinking n was dition. (Because of this late sowing	struck out, and did not
many who have sown rye have been led l'nd out his mistake till he saw his to under-value it as a pasture. It mny | off-stump knocked over be sown in with corn at tho last cultiv-tion, but tho plan that would make it foJlow small grain is a grand one. for then the plowing of the land buries an army of weeds and thus greatly helps to clean the land.
1
BEEN WORKING HARD
to get our supplie» about eight miles further on, and nowr have half the amount moved
A (BEGGAR’S RICHES
HER CHANCE
A beggar died at Auxerre, France, not long ago, and in his trunk were found stock securities valued at a million francs. In his cellar were found The main difficulty in successfully I ^ bottles of rare wines
spraying potatoes is that rain washes the poison off the vine», frequently within an hour after its application, says a writer. I find an easy and inex-
This distance will
III ¦¦	My heart is on fire, be cried, as he
bring as to the foot of the much- dropped to his knees before the beau-coveted “Summit,” and about five tiful maiden.
miles from it, with a very steep hill Well, she coolly replied, they keep to climb before it Is reached. We have splendid ice cream soda just around stopped hand packing now as the haul the corner, is too long, and we are hauling with the herse and sied»; M. and myself attending to the horse and sleds, and the others packing some goods that were left at the first cache considering the advisability of buying another horse, but as a decent pony costs $125 I'm afraid T. will not buy one.

SUPERIOR PARTS GREEN MIXTURE
I
CHEAP FARES.
To populate the section of countrj through which the new Siberian Railroad runs the Russian; Government offers the cheapest railroad fares eve:
announced. A through ticket for 1,* 200 miles, willl be furnished for fl.5Q or, for over 4,000 miles, $3.50.
PALMISTRY,
FIRE FROM METEOR.
A meteoric stone weighing four tons_
fell on a warehouse In Flume, Austria,
, t	.	. and set it on fire. The atone crashed
weather is to use ten pounds of flour through the house and
to a barrel of wateir and about one-half I buried in the cellar.
The mysteries of palmistry,
I cannot understand ;
Yet when a man and maiden shy Go driving *neath the summer ky I then foretell a marriage by . Then lines within her h
We are
pensive way to spray potatoes in wet
was found
and

ft





###PAGE###7###

a
bers coming on in long trains, flying os swiftly a* (he bourn, swiftly a* the seconds, ready to crush for ever. If we realised it, would not we stamp our foot, and cry : " Man, immortal, look out for eternity I” If there be no danger in rejecting Christ, we might as well drop our anxiety ; but if their I» danger, let us cry the alarm. The world knows at this clay (hut we who profess the faith of Christ, standing in our prayer-meetings, Sunday-schools and pulpits act as if religion were a fiction. Oh for something of the urgency of the angel that, came to Lot,
A despatch from Washington, says: not coolly discussing with him the —Dr Ta I mage preached from the text: chemical properties of the storm that
-*«-«. *» -b, ™.; u «... ;rrb"sr'bS..'‘;xr"hta %
thee, neither stay thou in all the pushing him out, and crying with an
to the mountain, lest emphasis that must have sent him at
(ha top of his speed : " Escape for thy life ; look not behind thee, neither stay thou in all the plain; escape to the earth are the darlings of the moun- mountain, lest thou he consumed."
tains—their necks garlanded with wild My subject also suggests that the flowers and their foreheads flashing in
tb. sun, but tb.ra b, ou. lube luaib- STARTING GIVES NO SECURITY.
ui«*	to:
from all that la beautiful. 1 he m h*, gut to the mountains. Men start for ern traveller finds it. It lies down ac- heaven, but do not ulwfcys get there, cursed; no tinged shells adorn its It my house be burning, and I take a
fish live in its stenchful bucket of water and put out the flames
In this, and that and yonder room, while I leave the flames in another part, do not fly anywhere near its room, I might as well have wasted no
.surface, and the bather comes up out strength and brought no buckets of ___
of it encrusted with the salt *d sick	H11Ab^onlyhalf or as a fool to the correction of theShe gave no answer. They went
w ith the taste of the water, hitter,	^ u not wive(j ftf ,lU Ten thou- stocks ; till a dart strike through his *ln yhe had passed up to reckon with
briny, sulphurous, dark, it seems as	men start for the kingdom of liver." So «ays God in Proverbs, shall God. Oh. man immortal 1 woman
if tho shadow» of past desolation chus- Chruit, but do not get there. They be the doom of all th« impure.	! mortal ! tarry not in the plain. If it
w, ..b.,	R. .«d	A
the traveller, struok through with met-	^<1 for France but was	lost with; near-	ter associates, but says:	I guess l;yOUe If I saw your house kindling with
anebolj, hastens from its presence,	ly ,11 oo board. There	is eu<h a thing	will go down to the rewrn and see the	f|„me, I could not help but cry out :
the place. Where that lake now	lhp mountaLn ot refuge. Lot might as	resolutions and all serious impressions.	HOui th.lt iH \n disease and in peril, I feel
spreads out, thirteen cities once stood	well have stayed in	his own home	They are witty, they aie brilliant,	iikft coming, and with almost a violence
—OU. lb., sworn It would b. un- -	Aj ¦¦	S E/mK’ita Ob’ bZ-
pardonable if, in this presence, I re- L	Sabbath ninht there were men many have started out of associates,} Lot and his wife were in peril
counted the crimes of that city. Sut- fapre wh() Htarte(i f0*r the kingdom, and looked back. Oh. be not among (hey stayed in the city, what would flee it to «ay that the citizens were Have they got theref Let me say to them. "Escape for thy life.’	I become of them? Would it lie the
so bad they mobbed an angel that came all such as have not reached that place
- “7-	%j£ :i sr ;is 5	,
solie<i to leave the city, but did n are; overtaken by the storm here you 1° *£e,t 011 make much haste.
travel, and, at the rate at which he tors have atte
waa gu.ug. death would have dualled he come, up to life again, begin» to upou him before he got to the mou - reiA»80| and ^ twelve hours he is a
tains. And so the angel seizes him, dead man. There are men who have Iltti and too lazy to win neaven>	Ixit started for the mountains. He
5~EHr5 mmmm mmËM mmzm
not behind thee, neither stay thou in not quite ; there came on them a cold JV *k 11 uo fh!“ indermd bv t he 1 s*<le **	cleft rock .in Vwe may
:=r isssi mmmmm
istsSK iSEEl iHEii.!EWi
fears him! Suddenly there is aflame digul Son If he had stopped half-way !2V^üdn't wefeel sHl/lf our property in the sky. and the volcano rocks and between the sw'ine trough and his f^- shou,d ^ confiscated and the city
bustible material coining in the pre- all. Oh. to have started for heaven	If lb ALL A HOAX.
and to get there 1 If there are any I don't wonder that a man says that in this house who are in this position who does not believe the Bible ; but if a and amid the falling flame, and up- j now describe, let me say that you man believe the Jtible, 1 don't know heaving asphaltum, and the suffocat- are no more safe In this half-and-half how he can say that, because this Bible
lag stench of the brimstone, end the experience than you were in the time declares God will turn into hell all the
before you began to think, and so I nations that forget Hin, and sweep with , sound the tocsin:	"Escape for thy the hail of His vengeance the refuges
crackling, all-consuming hurricane of life. look not behind thee, neither stay of lies. In the peroration of His ser-God's wrath, Sodom shrieked its last thou m an the plain; escape to the mon on the Mount, Christ told how' curse and died !	mountain, lest thou be consumed." some houses are on the rock and: stand,
My friends, God hates sin just as The text suggests further, that a and other houses are on the sand and much now as lie did then, and it be- man after being persuaded out of sin, fall. Sodom must perish ; sin must t>e hoves you, and it behoves me to leave	SOMETIMES LOOKS BACK.	crushed and the whole world acclaim
our transgressions, and start, not with	‘	t . T . the justice of God.
snail's pace, not with deliberate walk, Lot's wife looked back and perished. Lot Perhaps Lot and his wife thought but at the top of our speed, for res- himself would have looked back had it ^re Wtt8 no hurry They may have cue; the ange» that helped Lot out of not been for the warning of the text. It . “There is no sign in the heaven; trouble meantime taking us by the is very natural that they should. It t^ere never was a more beautiful day arm, and crying in our ears: "Escape	was their home. All her friends were	^an this. \ve suppose that when the
for thy life; look not behind thee,	there; all	his friends were there. We	time comes, there will l>e some signs of
neither stay thou in all the plain; es- become attached to the city of oar ^ There will Lie a rumbling in the cape to the mountain, lest thou be con- residence, notwithstanding all its sins. eartj1> or there will lie an ominous sha-sumed." What is the sin that	we	Still it was wrong for them to	look	(j0w on the hills.*’ They were mistaken,
must hasten from Î Sin is just	.one	back. God forbade it. But are	there	j gyppo^ it came in an eye-twinkle,
thing. The legislature makes an en- not persons in this day who start out Qne moment mirth and. song, the next actment; a man offends against it, of their sins yet look Uu k wistfully volcanic eruption, and bursting cloud, and he is incarcerated. You make a for occasional indulgence ? Here is a and horrible obliteration law in your household; your child wil- man who started for heaven a year ago. jarry ;n the plain of sin and say : "There fully disobeys, and punishment fol- He had been given to dissipation ; he no hurry. What if your breath lows. God makes a law; we have all has looked back. You are drinking too should stop? Where would you be? broken it, and hence we are all sinners; hard. I believe a moderat e drink- whe re w ould you go ? I don’t ask and in consequence of that sin	we	er may get into heaven, but a	hard	yKjU pafce my poor words about the
must be punished unless there	be	drinker, never 1	‘ No drunkard	shall	brevity and uncertainty of life. Ask
some pardon offered—unless there be inherit the kingdom of God. the any commercial man whose kind of some door of escape set before us. snake catches the eye of the bud on business necessitates that he calculate Blessed be God, there is one	the limb;	it begins to tremble, and	length of human life—ask him in	K'nglS	lbl
My text in the first place, suggests	soon slips	from the tree branch, and	business what he thinks of the	6.	Give	me
urgency on the part of all those who	begins to fly down toward the serpent,	uncertainty Qf human existence. "Oh."	(ui value in money, or a better vine-	j vineyard of Naixdh. No one can study
would induce people out of their sins,	and soon it is caught in the terrible	8 80me ‘manf; '*1 shall repent on my *	- r Vnimfh'* H« could not le-	I this lesson and its connection without
Why was not the angel more polite? folds and is gone. The wine cup has	;*d * will you? k The last sick- y	‘ .. .	*	. lfi rememliering that as the chariots of
Why did not he coolly and formally	been your fascination. You have by	netid as far j have ol>served it. is	gaily	take it by force. (c>ee m o.	A^b and his bodyguards deinvite Lot and his wife to leave that	it been brought down from the circles	genera|iy divided into two parts. The	18.)	Ilis avaricious heart could not	pended the slopes I*tween Samaria
city ? The angel, so far from that, in which you once moved, and come ^rst luilf of that final sickness is 8ee wjjy another should not do wrong and Jezreel tL^re were in the corn-seized hold of him, pulled him out, down nearer and nearer to the day of | spent in the expectation of getting	.	, .. Iiptlliaiice was nart- 1 Pany Jehu and Bidkar who heard the
pulled him on	your destruction, and after awhile you 1	the discussion of doctors and for tfain’	^	.	' awful prophet pronounce a doom which
will be caught in the coils ui that which 1 different styles of medicines ; the last tly chagrin at Naboths implied ie- those two men were destined to help
TR. «->.. O., g.».12"s»$•«rœ.-sTriMS 1	1 —1 out
not the world, looking upon ua and	ing Qr giv6 up beuvrn, There i.syour	thought. So that l take	it	for
seeing our coldness, come to the con-	choice A man stood on the scaffold	«ranted that
»“u	^".Pey^are" '	h" wlkh: wjd: ’^ofhave THE POOREST PLACE ON EARTH dent	Ahab (lare assume, she
precisionists, so cold, and stolid, and ruinôC| me. I had a little brother. 1 i in the first part of that sickness he I will give. Quick to conceive a plan, unemotional f Suppose a blind man | joved bim very much. He was a win expect to get well, and in the last and knowing her power, she hesitates were on a rail-track, and you «aw a j bright-eyed lad. I came home one day I half of it he will not be fit to think, train coming, would you go up to j intoxicated. My little brother was | What a foolish thing it is to tarry in him and say: "My dear friend, a , pickiQg berries in the garden, and for, the plain, when more people perish be-machine commonly called a locomotive, Home reason I got maxi at him, and I 1 tween Sodom and the mountains than invented by James Watt, is making took up an iron rake and with actually perish inside the city. A gentle-rapid revolutions towards the place OQ0 Btroke I felled him* Now man was telling me, a night or two where you are, and unless you change j am to die for it, and you ask me ago. walking up the street, of a lady your course of pedestrianism, it will w^at % have to say. It is this: never, who said: "I will repent and turn to be soon decided which of the two is the never# never touch anything that can God In six months. I have made up strongerfH Would you do that? \b intoxicate." Alas, if once you start my mind deliberately to that, and no ; men are not so stolid about tern- for heaven and look back to your early when I make up my mind I poral peril. You would cry : "Get out dissipations I	stick to it. In six months
of the way. The cars are coming 1"	Here is another who has made ship-	£ mean to be a Christian."
And yet when it is spiritual danger we	in another direction it has	of the six months passed along,	and one
use so touch circumlocution, and so been	evening, at the expiration of the three
much caution, and come with so timid	THE HOUSE OF SHAME.	months, she said ta some ene who was
ssgsfsæ b£KSÎ£Ssl5SSSaSiBS
THEY MOBBED M ANGEL


#
%
v\
^3



REV. DR. TALMAGE PREACHES ON HOW TO ESCAPE PUNISHMENT.

PC
S#
K


t

Mona wm m Very Wicked City—UI Ad-vlned to Kneiipe for Ml# Mfr Damger la Mejectlac Christ-To-Day,
I# the Time t




N
X

X
s


U Afrfpl-Onpp
hot
A


Started on the Bold
E

Dr Ta Image 1* Stroag l,aiiguag« Pointa +al the way.

«
K

%


-h

x
SIN
x




i

x
f

%
f


*%

I w
ms v-Sw^WWW^Vf^
j&'ilivvt.&ÿvjr,'^l
Ajite
\
plain; escape thou be consumed.”—Gen. xix. 17.
For the most part, the lakes of the
* — fl

• I
TOT

Hi

\\\



t
*mw

a.
;


f L

eorne
ssrr??*
ai
bunks; no waters.
The waterfowl, for the must
UNITED STATES FLEET FIRING OVER THE HILLS AT SANTIAGO. CUBA.
To atone for some supposed disgrace, and thus create a prejudice against Naboth when he is accused. ft is also a religious cloak to
, not used alone by Jezebel. Not in honor, but in the
9. A fast.
un-
cover crime
On high. -	,	.	. 9
sight of the people, to be tried for
crime.
JO. Two men Two witnesses were necessary to convict. Sons of Belial. Hebrew, Beligaal. Not a proper name, but signifies worthlessness, lawlessness—hence " a worthless, lawless fellow.” In the New Testament it appears as a name for Satan, or all that is bad, 2 Cor. fi. 15. Blasphemed God. Jezebel knew the people would not stone Nabot h for blaspheming Baal. Even in their idolatry they respected the honored Name, and would punish the convicted blasphemer with death. The king. So that his possessions, as those of a traitor, might be forfeited to the king, verses 15, 10, 19 and 2 Sam. 16,

If
"Escape for thy life.	| ]_____
My text suggests that some men,1 i<yw ()f an arm* or foot, or eye? Oh.no; having started, loiter l>y the way. They would he death utter ; and before tarry in the plain. 'They are too lazy fhe disasters passed from that city
awhile they may have luxuries. But ; they are struck down with none to there are some men too lazy for this deliver.
life and too lazy to w in heaven. If I T . fltnrted for the mountains. He
the people had perished In their homes *	11	"Lest thou lie
m
14
nobles . .	.	.
Their alacrity in carrying out the infamous designs of their wicked queen shows how low they had fallen. " Like king, like people.” Oriental justice is little better at the present time. How much more noble the Christian standard. " We ought to obey God rather than man.” Acts 5, 29.
13. There caono two men. Satan is always ready with tools w hen they are needed by his workmen. So when Christ must lie convicted Matt. 20. G, and Stephen was to be stoned Acts G. 13. Carried him forth out of the city. Capital punishment always .took place out of the city. See Acts 7.28; Lev. 24.14. Stoned him. A punishment com-with mobs Exod. 8. 20; JNum. 14.
11. Elder t and
did
mon
10. etc., and rnadt* the lawful mode of executing blasphemers, sacriificers to Moloch, w izards, Sabbath-breakers, idolaters and enticers to idolatry, reliefliuus sons, and adulterers. According to 2 Kings, 9.20 his son suffered with him, as was not uncommon Josh. 7. 24.
14. .Sent to Jezebel. Having imbued their hands in blood to please her, they hasten to send her, word, hoping to resume reward. Their readiness to
IHE SUNDAY SCHOOL.
INTERNATIONAL LESSON. JULY 31.
•euce of the fire immediately ignites;
I. Kings ‘>11. 4 1*
so. 17.
“NubotlT* Vineyard."
«olden Text, RtwL
PRACTICAL NOTES
ceive
commit the crime and -to send her word, her manner of receiving it and telling Ahah, and his in proceeding immediately U> profit by it. all show an utter recklessness and hardness of heart, the direct outcome of the infamous and debasing idolatry which she had introduced. Is dead. In verse 19 the murder is Is dead. In verse 19 the murder ie charged upon Ahah. He. his house, and Jezebel were condemned for the crime. He was guilty because his apostasy from the Lord opened a way for The couch upon which he re- the crime ; he could have prevented it
He lay down flat, and did not ; he willingly lent his authority to It, and he gladly accepted the result.
15. Take possession of the vineyard.
Which he The
Verse 4. His house. Probably at Samaria. * Possibly the "ivory house” of 1 Kings 22.39 and Amos 3. 15. Heavy and displeased. That is, sullen and Naboth. From his reference to
bursting thunder, and the roaring
angry
Jehovah (verse 3) he was probably one of the seven thousand . faithful ones (1 Kings 19. 18). Had said. His refusal based upon the divine law (Num.
was
36. 7). He refused because it was wrong His bed
dined at the table turned away
would not eat. Such a manifestation of ill-temper is even now characteristic
from the table, and
Enjoy the results of crime refused to give thee for money bitter spirit of the tyrant is shown in this sneer. Naboth is not alive, but dead
husband as of the poor corpse Nalxith.	I
16. Ahah rose up. The Septuagint, the ancient Greek version which we have already quoted says that w hen the news of Naboth's murder was brought to Ahab he burst out into horror and remorse that be "rose up." To go down to the
of oriental monarch**.
5. Jezebel his wife. Her character as a strong, unscrupulous, and ambitious woman is clearly brought out in
"A prudent wife is
Men now
e is as contemptuous of her
e
>1*
of
this narrative from the Lord" (Prov. 19. 14), but Ahab did not seek his from that source. His marriage was one of his great sins (1
It was from this
Ahab had offered the
WITH IRRESISTIBLE FORCE.

Jezebel's
7. Dost thou not govern contempt for her weak husband is evi-Eduoated under a more despotic
THE LION OF JUDAH.
Negus Menelik, of Abyssinia, the Lion of Judah is preparing to visit Jerusalem in 1990. He wishes to visit the
scenes w h re the mother of his raco. Queen of Sheba, was entertained by King Solomon. According to his own genealogical tree. Menelik is the ninety-seventh successor of the Queen.
at no wickedness to accomplish her pur-
pose.
8. Wrote letters. These had all the
The impress
authority of the king of his seal upon them, not to seal up, was by his permission, and thus the crime was shared by him. Seal. Signet rings are very ancient, as shown by Egyptian and Chaldean remains. Pharaoh’s ring, Gen. 41. 42, was one. Judah’s is mentioned in Gen. 38, 18. The impression was probably made In See Job 38, 14. Elders . . . Doubtless the city tribunal,
Naboth was
COINCIDENCES.
First Stranger, on railway train—So you are selling Prof Blank's new book, are you f Strange coincidence ? I am Prof. Blank.
Second Stranger—That so? Then you wrote the very book I am agent fort
Yes. The hardest work I ever did was writing that book.
Well, well I That's another strange coincidence. The hardest work I ever did was trying to sell it.
Three
olay.
nobles. I
Deut.. 16, 18. Hla city.
inhabitant of Jezreel. the letters written from Samaria. Bee 1 Kings 20, 43.
an
were







v -

3
###PAGE###8###
To the President and Dirrctorb op scpply the miners, lumbermen and others Au. Society No. 1 ;	doing business in the district through
Dear Sirs and gentlemen,—Would it be wh oh the railway will run, with electric. out of place for some of your members to ity for their worksand operations.
On rnday yinoon tlie express ont he j u8k you through The Equity if there are The road, if once completed, will open Maine Centre* Hailway ran over and kil-	going t0 be any preparations in the way	up a rich section	teeming with	forest	pro
led an unknown man about two miles ouï	t)f 8tttbles or sheds to shelter our stock at	duct ion and other lines,	waiting	to	spring
of Lewiston, Maine. The ^ unfortunate COmiug exhibition, or are we to drive into the arms of commerce, as well as af «an had a Mile nf whiskey in his pock I diem into the grounds and let each take ford much needed facilities tor thorough et. The tody, which was conveyed to	pot luck, as the old saying is t It appears	products.
Lewiston, was completely cut in two.	you disposed of the old stables and sheds
A Chinaman, employed at the Oakland	that were there for very little and also
«(Cal) fuse woiks, who had murdered u	the hall and dining hall, and left nothing
fellow countryman, was hunted down by to shelter the public from the inclemency six deputy sheriffs for the deed. The uf the weather at the coming exhibition Chinaman took rufuge in the fuse-works —only the frame of a hall, which wo say
and when the deputy sheriffs enteied the looks very good if finished and in a proper Edmonton, July 23.—-W. A. Fraser building with the intention of arresting | place. So wo don't see or hear of any arrived from the oil boring operations at him, he exploded a quantity of giant pow preparations whatever for the coming Pelican rapids on Saturday. The flow of der which totally wrecked the building ^ show fair; but wo understand or hear gas from the well bored last year is still *nd killed every one of the deputy slier- there is a company making a track for a eo great as to render further boring im ritfb and a woman who was visiting at a race course on the exhibition ground, and possible without a change of casing. The house across the street. The Chinaman | we as members of the agricultural society gAB ,a U8e<] by Mr. Fraser to raise steam thimielf was blown to a tome.	| would really like to know on what autho- for the engine and to cook with. The
rit y they are doing this. It is said they flow i, very strong and undimimehed., may let the society show their horses on The gas is absolutely odorless and can be, — A _
Rev. M.P.VampbeU, the highly esteemed | ehl*w fa,rd,f*	, _ „	breathed without injury. It ia unquea» R A R,f + A l’NT
pastor oi the Baptist i’hurcb. E«m>x, nni* Now, as there ie so much talk among tmnably the finest natural gas yet discov
£HSHe'1CS U handlmg anil ZÜ g.^	îi'| SALB. - -
disposing of the public agricultural society	j,, the well in quantities, and it is expect*
grounds, and fur the satisfaction of the	ed that light oil will be struck when the
members, and perhaps for the welfare of I	limestone formation is reached within the
TTnitl fltinrmiri/r	Tlnnlnn	I the .^iety, would it not be well in future	„e,t 200 feet. Mr. Fraser ie .ending
Hnll	f	At (fll	l° *'ut a llot!ce	E<jim and give	down more casing and tools. He is now
llUll UlUUUliift lUlIUI. 11	diteemtertioue; when you on him way to inspect operations at the
”	I w»«ld have a public meeting and where, Victoria well, which is down 000 feet.
so that all who wish to attend could do
so ; and to have all by-laws, agreements and deeds, and all other actions and
Backache
Calcium Carbide «* shortly to be man ufaeturtd at New "Edinburgh from saw dust.
THE BANE OF MANY A WOMAN'S
LIFE.
A BerUn Lady Telia
How to Get Rid of It.
f©
içk
4
Doan’s Kidney Pifls
fl. S. Dowd’s Column
Oil in the West.
The Remedy.
Mrs. Eliza Reitz, 33 Wellington SL, Berlin, Ont., says, “ For ten years I have been afflicted with kidney and back trou*

A SPLENDID NVPPLY POUND IN THE NORTH
W EST
1
suffering greatly from dizziness, ner-I vousness, weak eyesight, loss of sleep, and appetite, ami an almost constant tired, weak feeling. In February last I I got a box of Doan's Kidney Pills and received so much benefit from them that I I continued their use until I had taken three boxes in all, and was completely cured. They removed every vestige of pain, dizziness and nervousness, and enabled me to get restful sleep ; so that I from being a sick woman I strong and well
I Doan*» Kidney Pills are the best remedy in the world for Bright’s Disease, Diabetes, Dropsy, Backache, Gravel, Sediment in the Urine, and all Kidney and Bladder Disease#. Sold by druggists, or sent by mail on receipt of price, 50 cents a box or 3 boxes for âi.sc.
• The Doan Kidney Pill Co., Toronto, Ont
''THE LEADING HOUSE "
BIG
A Baptist Minister.

am now
again
SHAW VILLE
Now lu .
Full Blast.
ThvXJLaL70i«g	I THE HULL ELECTRIC CO.
well pleased.
Be one of the crowd next Friday or Saturday and get yourself a

MAIN ST., - - SHAW VILLE
Ottawa had an epidemic of the Cana dian cholera Inst week as a result of the
If yon require a Hair Cut or Shave, you ,	, ,	.. .
are guaranteed MitlhiaeUou at the HJiaw vi lie agreements, and also their agreements,	,
Hair Dressing Parlour.	I with the village codicil or any other |
Parties wishing to have their razors boo- I party or body of men brought forward
condlUon'for	‘hen and .hero read .loud, «, that
everyone could hear for themselves and
U OH JT SMITH I ÎMK or'for^tho'bv'neriTof uîjtgrT I slgn^on th™ Hlb of J’^l^mVaiVb^tox
N,Ww***e cultural society or not. We hope that colored and answers to name " Wallace "
-" the present hoard w,11 at tend to thie re
quest at once and oblige your humble	ANDREW GRANT.
4#'8y servants, Membres of Your Society. '	Eimeide.
TIME TABLE
leave
PARK.
Collie Astray.
LEAVE
PARK.
LEAVE
HULL.
LEAVE
HULL.
Thy my Hair Tonic.
AYLMER. I
6.20 am 2.50 pm 7.00 am 7.00 I 3.15 740
8	20	4 05	| 9 00
park. ! 4.30
I	9 00 9.25
9	50 10.15 10 40
II	05
11.30
11.55
12 20 pm 9 00 12.45	9 40
110	10.20
1.36	11.00
Nobly Suit . . Hat or Boots . .
2.50 r m
7.40
3.15
3.40

8.20
3.40
4.05
Arthur Smiley,
or anything else you may require, at the Special Reduced Prices.
0.25
4.30
Public Notice.
4 55
0.50
4.55
r iiilerliikcr Emba Juicr and Funeral Director SHAW VILLE - . 4M E
Elmside Notes.
5 20	10 15
5.45	10.40
0.10	11.05
7.00	11.30	|	0.30
AYLMER. 11 55 7.40	12.20pm|	7.40
8.20	12.45
6 20
----	1‘ubllc Notice Is hereby given that the sup-
r,	...	.	, v I piemen! to the Jurors' List for the year 181*7
Green peas are selling at a good figure win bo brought forward for the approval of
in the outskirts of our town.	Municipal Council of the Vlll
Mm»™. S. Smith and A. Beamish of %day Pembroke spent a couple of days here	J. R. HORNER,
last week, while on their way to Ottawa '	—	-	Sec.-Treas
** wheeling.”
Miss Maggie Larivie of Arnprior is visiting at Mr. A. Grant's—“Cherry Bank.”
Miss Annie Johnston lias gone to
11/ a Truro	Smith's Falls to visit friends.	I Public Notice Is hereby given that the Mu-
VV Al CHES.	Mr. A . W. McDonald .pent a couple of	ol
d iys with his family last week at the UNt* Wt>8, in presence of the valuators, revise
CLOCKS, B,y.	.
JEWELLERY *“£>	IlHJ”""
rivtd heie Friday evening, remaining till 0tC- 6tC. I Monduy at Mr. Fin Ian’s.
Miss Telia Harktiess, Arnprior, is visiting friends at Norway Bay.
Mr. R. N. Whillians gave a bean party at his camp last Friday evening which figOlXT’S | prover to be a decided success. A great
many were present. When refreshments had been served the remainder of the
5.45
!
0 10
J
held o°n | NOW IS yOUP
Chance.
7.00
t
All orders will receive Vrrhinal Attrn- j
T10N AND 8A11SKAC110N GVAHANTJM».
Telephone No, 3
8.20
Shawvllle, July 25, isos
110
0.00
?
$7 to $10 Suits at $o.SO Suits at
1.35
i
9.40
Public Notice.
2 00
10.20.
11.00
11.40
2.25
And others at - - $2.95. Extra Harvest Shoes. $1
2 00
2 25
»
Cara tun dally, Sunday* Included. Clone innuectlons are made with all Canadian Pa-
at Hun aDa
baggage promptly handled.
are
have
Monday the 25th J)r6SS GOOdS.
HUGH MATHESON,
W. R. TAYLOR,
Sec.-Tream

Sec.-Treas
Either Silk, Wool or Cotton manu, facture in Summer Styles, will all be offered in July at auch^liberal reductions that buying will be difficult to resist
Aylmer, 30th March, 1898.
île__
Leads
A complete atock of the above always on hand at
£
A. J. JACM
Main St. - - S lia will*.
REPAIRING .4 SPECIALTY.
Gloves Hosiery Laces, etc . . .
evening was spent in music, recitations, etc., everyone having a very enjoyable time. An evening at the Bay is always appreciated.
Mr. E Graham, Dr. and Mrs. Stewart, Miss McMartin, Miss Grant, Mr. Arnold and Mies L zzio McKechnie took in the excursion on the G. B Greene, Saturday.
Miss Rawlins, after a pleasant visit here, left for her home, Pembroke, Sat-
CxOttawa^
Business College.
(Established 32 years.)
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
o o o
---o
and many other seasonable lines wi-1
be subject to Great Discounts during | |#*OUSe & Sign Painter, July

H
Fall term commences August 15th. A per manenl Ma,IT of lour experienced able ex pert teachers ; thirty two years of uulnter i upted success ; being endorsed by the lead ing business and professional men of the I uvdey. Miss Maud Gibbons did likewise
Meurs. A. Smiley and B. Armit.ge
Canada ; the success of our graduates (they I were in town Saturday, are to be found t very where) are points for your consideration Svnd for new Catalogue.
JOHN KEITH, Principal,
148-154A Bank St., Otawa.
Gilder, Glazier» Decorator.
We are positively . .
o----
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
I Rev. M. D. M. Blakely and family,
Forester’s Falls, Rev. H. Taylor and faui-I ily, Loehwinnoch, Mr. D Craig and family, Ottawa, Mrs. W. J. Deacon and family, Mies Story, Mr. and Mrs. J. Hendry and family of Renfrew, Mrs. H. Richards and daughter of this place, are wid^nte at Norway Bay, which is fast becoming a Vc. j V^V1” ,ummer resort.
The Misses Johnston and Bolani wen-guests at Rev. H. Taylor’s Friday and Saturday.
Mr. Joseph Niphen seems to be doing a rushing business in ice cream, fruit and temperate drinks.	i
Miss Betsy McJanet spent Sunday, p. | m. at Mr. E. Graham’s.	,	.	. ,
Quito a lot of rain fell here Monday, | Leave JOUI* Ol der With C liarlie
and be in the swim.
ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
Headquarters for the best Groceries in the County. We are continually on the lookout for the best and est goods on the market.
STILL CONTINUES TO
o
Shawville
new
LEAD THE RACE IN TURNING OUT
K1R8T-CLASS WORKMANSHIP AND SAT-
LIVERY.
ISFACTION GUARANTEED.
We have
-:Nobby Suits:-
o
P.vk'et, Baked Beans, Canned Corn and Peas at present that are admired by everyone, and praised by all who use them, and at p i 03 that will tonish you.
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
AT
0
First class horses and rigs at popular prices.
Special attention paid to the commercial trade.
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
POPULAR PRICES.
a

%
H
also hail.
The McMirtin Bros, are guests at Dr. S ewart's— Hill Crest.”
Rev. M. H. Scott, Hull, conducted «¦orvice in the brick church, Sunday and :it the Biy in the evening.
Much sympathy is felt for Rev. T. A Nelson in the loss of his father who died last week at his home in Nepean,
Starch at 5c. per lb.
Salmon at 10c. per tin
McAillli & Yoeiie
?
??
AT
W e stay with
I
Furniture Furniture Furniture
good quality and of all styles at
Tie Leading House for Bargains. | Amazingly Low Prices
FOR CASH.

SWATMAN'S.
Ceylon and Japan Teas. Oür namt is a household word in every home in the county.

?
iTTF
Trip
3#
r>
F

5
Dr. Lev’s Pleasant Worm Syrup
*8 I be nicest and most effective remedy f<> worms of all kinds; Never any trouble get ing the children to take it.
1
Pontiac Paie Jonction Eï
For the Best Qualities and the Beat Prices call at the old reliable ©very time.
Rings
Alarm Clocks $1.10 “
8-day Clocks 4.50 “
Watch Classes lOo & 15c.
Other Jewellery - -
- - away down
from 15c. up.
\
o
5
Official Time Table :
IT tv Railway Lino Mooted.
t
A. W
Corne lo DOWD'S,
5.45 Leave OOO “
Aylmer ? Breokenrldge fEarcIley Parker’s Crossing
toIohrs	;;	Wattawa, July 28.—The Haliburton,
Wyman's	•«	8 22	Whitney and Matlawa Ry., is the name
?Tank	••	8.H	I of the new line about to be core ructed
McKee’s	«•	g JJS	to connect Mattawa with the Ottawa,
Shawvllle	•«	7 5:	Atnprior and Parry Sound Ry., at Whit-
Î?! neJt and continuing onward to Halibur-tTatik	*	••	7.if, ton, where connections will be made with
Î Vinton	“	7I00 the Grand Trunk Ry.
'VtolYSR	SJ{ Notice h»» been given that an applict.
Waliham Leave «.so tion wi 1 be*made at the ensuing session ,	iPir wi 1 wi?
•Flag Station. tTank. ; Flag Station. of the OnUrio Legielature for an act I,	IBt, JEWELLtK,
.i,h u.,1	.%«%. IS H A W VILLE, P.Q.
Aylmer.	|, ew line by electricity instead of steam if
desired, and if by e’ectricl y power be given to tell the sur] lus electricity f r tgLi, heat'and power purpose*, and tv
Arrive 9 45
MATTAWA TO BE CONNECTED WITH O. T. K
AT HALIBURT*»N.
9.21
6.12
9.06
8.58
6.18
6 2H

*4
6.87
6.47
6.56
44
6.58
7.04
7.26
7.45
K.00
?
H. S. DOWD
8 03
AT SWATMAN’S
8.12
8.30
•«
8.47
JJAMES MCARTHUR,
6.55 Arrive
Quyon Quo.
SB AWVILLE.
??
P. S.—Bicycle Repairs kept and Repairing done.
P. VV. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
?






i




