###PAGE###1###
ERREUR(S) DE NUMEROTATION
9

?



i

¦ rnm


S 4Æ


* \

a
/




\
I

No. 45. 10lH ÎEAR.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
THURSDAY, MAY 1, 1002.
$1.00 a Year
in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY.
FIRST-CLASS
Picture framing, enlarging, copying etc., a »pecln!tjr.| ¦¦¦	| ¦¦ ¦
farm fencing
Mead Office
OTTAWA, CANADA.
¦¦¦. 12.000,000 .	1,76'
Capital paid up
Imihon'8 New Studio.
Mr. Warren F. Burton, of Hamilton, lawyer, fell from » C.P It. train at Bronte bridge on Saturday and waa killed.
OF CANADA.

Reel
ONLY

• •
hoard of Dirtctors:
- Chàrlbh Magee, Esq., President. George Bay, esq.,Vice-President.
flou. Gto. Putsch, Jr.
Alix. ITustn. Kwj.
30 Cents per ROD.
\
CAPITAL -
at,,, m,,	"=- I Reserve fund, -
- $6,000,000.
II ¦ I MB a by Car r i ao bs. —Several styles in
2,600,000.1 8U>ck At different prices.
for sale by
THE ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., limited,
PICTON, ONT.
Wanted !
#
Jam Graham.
4 OBORGBBVRN, D. M. F1NNIE
Head Office, • Montreal#
G« orrai Manager .. ., Manager.

» #
# •
e •
For sale a new Wellington Bicycle, I — first class in every respect. ' Wiil be sold cheap fur cash.
intending travellers should write J.
K. Tierney, Arnprioi> Ont., Ocean and Railway tickets to all parts of the world.
Bmr. -hei!
0
THE NEW CROERY
ii. A. IIoiMilNH
Keewatin.	Lanark,
KenptfUe,	Parry Sound,
Matlawn,	Pembroke,
Ottawa,	Rat Portage,
•V>	Winchester,
do Bank St.	Renfrew
do Bideau 6t, -ronfo,
-lo Homrmet tit.	Winchester,
Vtàhklœk Uül, Smith* KaU*.
IN MANITOBA :
SHÀWVILLE BRANCH,
Money loaned on approved aeeurlty at reasonable rate*.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all parts ot the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Aocoun/.s opened for amounts of one dol lars and upwards and Interest allowed.
OFFICB Hours . . jo a m. to3 p.m. BATPRDAYS . . .( fo A M. TO! P,M.
F. A. PARKKR, Manager
Alexandria
Amprior,
Aronnr.ore,
BracebhUge,
Oarleton
Hawkesbury,
AND
MEAT SHOP.
RAMSAY’S PAINTS - the right Paint to paint right. See new picture ad. Inside page. For sale by G. F. Hodglns, Shawvllle.
4
Place

Any quantity of good
Corner Main and. Plcknnock Sts.)


Dauphin |
Winnipeg,
¦New Photo Studio.-Having moved hi • I rny new Studio (opposite H. Matheaona) 11 am now prepared to execute orders for | any style of picture deeired. A call will convince you of the fact.
Portage La Pralri*.
IN QUEBEC; ,
Hull, gaa. F&l
Agrnts la Canada, New York and Chicago— Hank of Montreal.
Agent* In tit. Paul—Merchant* Nat Bank; Agents in London, Eng.—Farr'* Bank Ltd.
I	‘•eeured a new and fresh stock
j i ti#0( ERIES people can rely on get-'rig h good article. Intending buyers would do well to come and inspc-
jppck.
also have on hand all kinds of m>b and writ MEATS, also BACON, LARI) and SAUSAGES.
A Call solicited.
BUTTER and EGGS

* Montreal,
Lsehote.
1 mison s Photo Studio,

t our
| KNOW YOUR BYES ARE ,RIGHT
The degrees of sight range from perfect vision to the verge of blind-We will test eyes free. We recommend glasses only when absolutely beneficial.
THE DRUG STORE,
Shawvllle
e	*
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
fl

for Cash op in ex change fop goods at
lowest prices. Stock

Advertiser»and correspondents are reminded that we cannot assure the For Sale, Chsap.—Good Milk Wag-Insertion of matter unless It is In gon. Apply to hand by Monday noon of each week, j	Hamilton Stewart,
Lot 28, It. 5, Clarendon.


H. A. HODCINS. PULPWOOD WANTED
the eastern division of theC. P. R. under I-----
the general lupcriiitendauce of Mr. C. W.
Spence. Time tables on all of the line» will be changed and a better train service
provided. As to whether the old mb. lft-l ,	, r> ,	_ f	I
A later retro rt say* that a circular an-	t. A KG UK
noüncing to the officials of the Ottawa, |	Shaw ville.
Northern and Western the sale of the road ,	.	......	. . ¦
to the C. P. R. will be issued on Thurs- Wanted A ««art* intelligent boy to
day, May 1st when the transfer takes I,eani tI,e PrinlillK business.
nlttce. On that day Sir Thos.Shaughnessy,
Mr. McNichol, Mr. C. \V. Spencer and other officials will make an inspection of the lines, which have already been re-1 «hingles for sale, ported on by the engineers, probably be then decided as to
Kmart girl wanted to learn the mil-
Mrs. D. McRae.
Hereafter, Dr. Stackhouse, geou Dentist, will be at Shawville on WANTED—A few smart girls to learn I third Tuesday in each month, and Camp-the tailoring.	A. R. McGuire, hell’s Bay the following day. Parties will
The Tailor. I oblige very much by calling early.
Sur-
linery.
Book! Boos !—Any quantity of good fresh eggs will be purchased at Stewart’s Boot and Shoe Store. Shawville.
Mr. John,Horner has the material
the ground for the erection of a new brick
• i t>*	,,	« . .	,	, residence, on his farm 6th line Clarendon.
Ping-Pong-the latest and most
popular game—now for sale at The I Mr. James Trelford of 6th line, Drug Store.	Clarendon boasts of a ewe which re
Mr. Willie A. Glenn, late of Mr. 0. cent,X	three i?ml^-*wbkh
Hodgins', left on Wedneday foi Modi-1are a11 lhriff>r Hnd do,,1« wel1' cine Hat, N.W.T.
on
now complete for the Spring- trade.
Apply at The Equity Office.
Shingles
for Sale.—A quantity of
The contract for the carriage of the
visiting Shawville every Tuesday as here-	^
tofore.
Samvel Smiley,
Range 5, Clarendon.
It will proposed extension of the Pontiac line to connect with the C. P. R., whether at Pembroke or Chalk River. It is said
sitor substituted the word “Miss’ for ed The sum of <16 was realized*	VOL.rt ot King, fe Benca.	V. McGuire, J. H.Shaw,
“Mr." Armstrong, teacher of Bristol	e”7	G. &	- G. F. Hodgtnw,
Corners, one of those mentioned as According to the report published in The Court of King's Mich opens at I	miir1 VvNEK’<?
having received the government grant in Saturday's Evening Citizen, and repro-1 Hryson on Tuesday, May 6th.	G. M. Donaldson A Smiijet^0^ ^
recognition of the high standing of the duced| in our issue this week,, the nego- The following Crown cases are on the J. knew ART, |	*	j
school taught by him.	[tiafions for the sale of the Beemer rail- roll for hearing:—	I George Hynes.
Th« ‘‘PfirAti* Hnnuo ” ripvann that niri I system, known as the Ottawa I I he King against
I»f***5epa
NOTICE.

J. H. SHAW.
3
*
P. S.
- Come here for Hardware.
W. A. Whyte, Smart & Smith.




(
A-
\
#



cal moment.
David Kingsberry—Similar charge. Lena Holden—Similar charg Noeily I)yher (Assyrian)—Infanticide. Daniel McCawley—Threatening to do
SSSeSif—________________________
¦awfamapi
gâëàaaaaàl
a consignment of atock from hereon d ”	*****	t,0T".for fact.	I Mr. and Mrs. Harry Boyce, who lived
Friday. If the cattle exodus from Pon-	Furmiv’a A d„iun of 4n«si	°i?r, fne.nd* when he took the m the same building with the Hills, hid
tiac keeps on as it has been doing for iro. r™arka that ' V’ ' j' ‘ . I trou,>Iu of devoting so much energy and ! a nirrow escape.aud both were injured by the past year or so, our local butchers	W	^ ^ mtici8,n ,,f a “‘•tter in the flames. Their hired boy, Charles
will soon 6 nd it adiffleu It matter to supply nart witlFS^o-d Garflv with	which be la not particularly concerned, 1 Renaud, had his hands burned. He was
their customers. The man who can at-	, an/ , t?one tu the extent of publishing the by- , the tirst to awaken and shouted to the
ford a choice beafsfceak nowaday^ > l-im&l f, fln#	°D’ whlch an<*. thus given bis readers a fair | Boyces that the house was on (in-
quires to have a pretty substantial b»l- i)„rinir th»» nreeent uuon T-~3 opportunity^forming their own conclu- I Renaud says he also shouted .to Mr. Hill
a£*y JS trve rjRrs: rs h sss ™	- y; z
Eary Closing.—As will be seen from £•}?' the vefcer*n horseman nf just, notwithstanding the savage hostility wait to find out. The flames were
a notice on this page of The Equity, the rH	_*	_ to Shawville, which bristles from every ! spreading quickly, and Renaud, who was
merchants and tradespeople of Shawville	^	*	line of his caustic screed. But, of course, j only partly dressed, ran to ijie street
fhave agreed to close their places of busi- v. P. R. Now Owns Beemer j that would not have suited the purpose shouting "Fire." ness at 6 o'clock during three evenings of	System#	. of the man whose chief mission in life The charred body of the hired man
the week—Monday, Wednesday and	—	seems to be the disintegration of schemes ! was the first found. It was lying in the
Fnday- commencing Monday next, May deal -Ain to bp. Completed AMD transfer and projects, which he himself has not stable and the body of a horse lay across . Our rural subscribers who are in the	will be mad* immediately.	|conceived.	|one of the arms/ Watson is supposed
Perhaps had the Council of Shawville to have been asleep in the stable when he . roay a Ottawa Citizen says :—An I before adopting a measure designed to was overcome bysmoke or when flames cut Officia I of the Ottawa Northern aod | conserve the interests of this place, taken off his retreat, or he may have gone to Weatein railway announced the sale of counsel of the sage who presides over reecue the horses and was cut ofl* by the _	the road to thf O. P. R. ha* beee finally i the destinies of Quyon, they would have flames.
At the successful meeting of thdl ontiac and definitely concluded and will g > into escaped the gratuitous attack that he has 1 he Hill house collapsed while the e.u-her 8 Association it wasi decidedto »	immediately. The negotiation* , made upon them But they took the fire was in progress and when the flames
make away with • jporüuai of the surplus which for someume have been in progie* other plan of dealing with* their own I had been extinguished the bodies of I he funds of the association by , ml,» lyingJhe are concluded, andIon Wednesday next business in business fashion, and if un- Hill family were found in the rains.-mem bora thereof in a treat at t he May the old board of directors will meet in fortunately they have run foul of the From the position, of, the bodice it ia
HPmM of even so great a personage as thought that all were suffocated in their William H Meredith, Esq., editor of ! beds while asleep. The bodies of Mr. not j the Pontiac Advance and Chief Mugis- 1 and Hill and their youngest child Maggie,
...	. ..	,	, , -	, .	.	:"Ci trateof the Village of Quyon, why it were found in one place and the bodes
i^M-ciHtion will n hereforo bo atatus, in view of th* #a|e, will be | oanmd be helped; and we don't see that ! of ’he other two children in another » rprised if they are railed upon to lui they nave rco t:d so intimniion that that individual s hostility, coupled with ; plate. Apparently the mother and fath-ptoride • BhM. of the refreshment#.	"ill bo provided for.	oil the ridicule he can rn.m i5t<rooliimm, ir .nd the youngoet child »lept in the
urther notice will 1 Kn<n iri *Hi-. lr Pontiac *»«d Ostinrau line, ft is and yards of jaw-breaking journalistic front the room whiloths other two children Equity and ¦ card.	^ I announced, ¦ *n h. *uialgam*ted wirh | effort ia going to help matter one iota.# I slept in a room at the rear.
Six People Burned to Death
in Hull.
o
k
FAMILY OF THOMAS HILL AND HIRED MAN
THE VICTIMS,
a rather severe crushing, one of his legs, which

SEED TIME !

- L
Your time is far too valuable at this season of the year to waste by sowing cheap and worthless seeds. We guarantee our Seeds FRESH! and RELIABLE, the product of the Best Seed Firms.
FIELD SPECIALS :
TURNIPS :
Selected Purple Top Swede.
CARROTS :
Improved Short White.


BEETS :
#
Danish Sugar, Blood, Turnip.
\
MANGELS :
Long, Red or Saw Log.
5tb
habit of do:
remember thin fact, and lay out to do their shopping on the alternate nigh to or during day time.
will do well to
8atu
A choice selection of GARDEN and FLOWER SEEDS.

THE DRUG STORE.
meeting. It warn agreed that this treat Montreal to formal y hand over the line had beat take the form of a picnic at the I to the new Durch»«e>*.	ÙJKÊ
her will be coming down. Teachers of I yet been info: mod as to what their exact I trate of the Village o"f OuvTn ----------uu— —" " ^	.....r -x------'	9 cannot be helped/
* that individual's
I all the ridicule he can cram intof columns
picnic at the to the new purchmeia time the tim I The local < ffictale of the road have
PURE DRUGS.
FRESH SEEDS.






__à
###PAGE###2###



m il n

Chronological History of the Ihirty
flonth’s Struggle.


I

l
A
>•

i
V,
retire on
Boers
Bloemfontein
Kroonttad.	.
March 37—Death of General 'ou-1" it
I
m
3 899
IS

(
!
Oct. 11—Time fixed by the Boers
ultlmat-
J.
for compliance with their um" expired at 5 p, m.
Oct. 14—Boers march on Kimberley
Marvlt 31—Broaitwood attacked at Waterworks. During retirement It. II A. and convoy entrapped at Korn-
Six guns lost, 350 casual-
and Mnfvking.
Oct. 15—Kimberley isolated.
Oct. 20—Boer position on Talana Mill captured by the British under
Symons.
Oct 21—White moves out force under French to eject Boers from Klandslnngte. Boess routed.
Oct. 22—Yule retires from Dundee on Ladysmith via Deltli.
Oct. 23—Death of General Symons at Dundee.
Oct. 30—General sortie from Lady-Naval guns silence Boer
\\>

Spruit
ill ft

April 3—Detachment of Bo.val Irish Hides and Mounted Infantry surrounded near lteddersburg '
7—Colonel Dalgety isolated


S
i
4

x\
April near Wepener
April 15—Chenu»! de leaves Hed-flcrshurg to relieve Wepener.
April 23—Dftlgety relieved retreat northwarclH. under Botha
May 10 Zand
Boers rapidly retreating before Lord Roberts* advance
May	1*2— Lord
Kroonstad without opposition, I‘resident Steyn having retired to llcil-bron, which he proclaims his new capital. Attack oil Mufeking repulsed, 108 Boer prisoners, including Commandant KlotT, taken.
May 13—Mahon with Mufeking Relief column repulses attack at Koo-doosrand.
ZÎ

c
%

V

* à
Boers



m

crossed
River
55
m

kl'
h	WJÊÊÊÊÊÊM
sivgv artillery. Surrender of part of two battalions and a Mountain Battery at Nicholson's Nek.
Oct. 81—General Sir Rodvess Bui- i 1er lands at Cape Town.
Nov. 1—Boers invade Cape Colony. Nov. 2—Ladysmith isolated.
Nov. V—General attack on Ladysmith repulsed with heavy loss to Boers.
Nov. 15— Armored train wrecked by
Over 100

>
X
z

X


«
K

enters
Roberts

w

>
7
i
X
ŸM

0
&

ww

X.
V
Z
c
\
#
L '
I
\
m

Boers near Chieveley British troops captured Nov. IV—Lord Methuen’s column for the relief of Kimberley concentrated at Orange Hiver.
Nov. 23—Methuen attacns Boers at Belmont with Guards Brigade and 9th Brigade
Dundee
May 15—Huiler occupies ami Glencoe, having driven the Boers from the Biggarsberg infoivcd by Canadians and Querns-landcrs from Carrington’s division, joins hands with Mahon.
May 17-18—Relief of Mafeking.
May 24—Advance portion of Lord Roberts’ force crosses the Vnal near
FIELD MARSHAL LOIROBERTS,
Who Changed the Whole Complexion of the Campaign.
VlunttT, ve-
GEN. LORD KITCHENER,
The Commander-in-Chief: Through Whom the Peace Proposals Were
Forwarded.
SCHOOL CHILDREN S EXCUSES
WOODEN RUSSIA
Boers driven from
This name, says our consul at St. their position Petersburg, is familiarly applied to Nov. 25—Methuen attacks Boers in Mister sir, my Jason! the vast forest areas of Russia in position at Enslin and dislodges
cover 464,548,000 them General fiflr Red vers Butter ar cent, of the entire rives in Natal.
Yet some fear
School teachers get sumo written excuses for absence them reads
curious
One of
Pnvys.
May 28—Annexation of Orange Free State under name of Orange River Colony formally proclaimed at Bloemfontein.
May 30—Flight of President Kruger from Pretoria.
May 81—British flag hoisted at Johannesburg. Surrender of Yeomanry at Lind ley.
June 2-4—Futile negotiations be-j tween Duller and Christian Botha for 1 armistice.
June 5—Occupation of Pretoria.
June 8—Ilildyard takes Botha’s Pass. Surrender of 4th Ikuby shires at Roodoval.
June 11—Stubborn fight at Alterna n’s Nek. Heavy Boer losses.
June 12—Boers evacuate Lang's Nek. Roberts defeats Botha at Diamond Hill, cast of Pretoria.
June 14—Boer attack on Suid Ri-
Feb. 10—De Wet slips through into Cape Colony.
Feb. 13—Botha writes to Kitchener proposing an interview.
Feb. 23—After desperate chase Be Wet recrossee Orange river, having lost all guns, ammunition transport And many prisoners meets Botha in response to the Boer commandant's desire to confer with him with a view to peace negotiations.
March 3.—Unsuccessful attack by Dvlurcy on Lichtenburg.
March 10—Botha breaks off negotiation.
Mar. 22-23—Bnhington routs Bela rey at Ventcrsdorp and captures three guns and six Maxims.
April 8—Plumer occupies Petersburg.
April 10—Civil jurisdiction resumed in Transvaal.
April 14—Kawlinson captures luug- South Africa er and two guns at Klerksdorp
April 20—Winter operations in the i^ar Waterval.
Bush veldt begin. During following Sept. 5—Letter's commando ca|>-two weeks many small captures are | tUred by Colonel Scohell; Commandai most daily reported.	j ants Lot ter and Breedt prisoners.
May 8—Milner loaves Cape Town | Sept. 10— Colonel Crnbbe routs for England. Municipal Government | Schcepcrs* commando at. Laings-s tar ted in Johannesburg.	burg. Van de Mer wo killed.
May 24—Milner received by the Sept. 17— British force under Major King and raised to peerage. . j Gough surprised near Utrocht.
May 29—Del a rey defeated by Dixon Smut's commando surprises 17th at Vlakfoiitein.	Lancers at Eland's River Poort.
and two field cornets surrender at Warmbathi.
Aug. 13—Kitchener reports
losses More than prisoners, 700 wagons, and iPt.OOG cattle.
Aug. 18—Kritzinger's commandoes routed near Steynsburg by Colonel Uorringe.
Aug. 17—Boer laager near Middeb burg captured by 8. A. Constabulary with heavy loss.
Aug. 19—Du ko of Cornwall lands at Cape Town.
Aug. 21—Kitchenerls despatch published commenting on inefficiency of certain reinforcements.
haul to be late to-day. It is his biz- Europe. which nos to milk our cow. She kicked	acres, or 3t> per
Jixv‘ in the back to-day when he	area of the country
wu.svi’l looking or thinking of her is felt that the country may lie de- Boers at Modder River actin’, so he thut his back was broke	forested through the carelessness	of	ing all day.
but it ain't. But it is black and	private owners, and the	Government |	tion.
blue, and the pane kept him late is considering steps for the protec j _	—
tion of the forests. In Russia houses Africa notified, built of any other material than wood arc
the cities, and wood constitutes th« principal fuel.
tin
Nov. 28—Methuen engages 11,000
Battle last-
largest return of Doer made in a week
yet
8011
Doers evacuate posi
Nov. 80—Sixth Division for South
¦>oa
Kitchener
We would get rid of that cow of we could. This is the fourth time she kicked J a sc. but never kicked him late before. So excuse him for me." A girl absent for half a day brought the following satisfactory excuse :— "Mister teecher—Mv dotter's al>-
Dec 1 Australian and Canadian almost unknown outside| contingents leave Cape Town for the
front.
Dec. 10—G at acre attempts night attack on Stormbcrg, but is surprised and driven back with heavy loss.
Dec. 11—Methuen attacks Doer poll agersf on tein and is re-
0envrai
nuiicv yesterday was unavoidable Her slices had to be half-soled, and she had a sore tlirote. Her kon-
LONGEST OCEAN CABLE
sition at
Before the end of the present year pulsed with heavy loss stiiushun is delikit and if she is ab- the work of ,fl.vinç the trans-I'acilic Wauchopc killed, sent any more you can knew that it cable to connect Canada with A us- Dec. 15—Duller advances from Is en acount of unavodabel sticknese tralia and New Zealand will lie be- Chieveley against Boer positions near or something else." A boy absent #un h*v the British Government. The Colenso. British force repulsed on for half a day laid the following ex-	manufacture	of the cable is	in pro-	Tugcla with	1,100 casualties	and	loss
phmation on his master's desk	fiTCSS, and a	new cable-laying steam-	of 12 guns.	Mobilization of	Seventh
"Dear sir. please excuse Harry. He cr* the largest vessel of the kind Division ordered, went to grandpapa’s funeral with j afloat* is u,ulor construction. The Dec. 18—Lord Roberts appointed me this forenoon. 1 have been pro- 1 longest span of the new cable will Commandvr-in-Chief in South Africa, mixing him for several weeks that ,,e	miles, lietwoep Vancouver with Lord Kitchener as Chief-of-
he might if he was good and he has	ls,and and Fanning Island	in mid-	Staff.
been very good, so 1 kept my word ' j	Pacific just	north of the	equator. | Dec. 19—Regulations icjued	for	eui*
The total length Will !><• about 8,000 ploy meut of Yeomanry and Volmi-miles. The cable will touch the Fiji tours in South Africa.
Islands and Norfolk Island, will Dec. 20—Formation of City of Lon-A distinguished judge has discover- reach Australia near Brisbane, and don Volunteer Corps for South Af-
to will cross thence to New Zealand. rica announced.
Aug. 25—Kitchener announces receipt of letters from Steyn, De Bet, and Dotha declaring their intention to continue fighting.
Xug. 27—Lord Milner returns to
ver repulsed.	*
July 4—Roberts and Duller join
Railway to
Aug. 81—Train wrecked by Doers
hands at Vlakfontvin Natal clear,
July 11—Surrender of Scots Greys and Lincolns at Uitvnl Nek.
July 21—Advance eastwards towards Komnti Poort begins.
July 30—Surrender of Prinsloo and 3,000 Doers to Hunter in Brand-water Basin.
Aug. 16—Eland's River garrison relieved.
DIDN’T RECOGNIZE 11
cd that he still
has something learn in the direction of agriculture He bought a farm recently finds special delight in walking about the place commenting on the dition of
11)00
Aug. 25—Execution of Cordua for conspiracy to kidnap Lord Roberts. Aug. 26-27—Fighting at Dalmunu-
aml
Jan. 6—Suffolk Regiment loses
over 100 Boer attack on
Sept. 20—lvrit zinger
fails to
force a crossing of the Orange River, after inflicting heavy loss on Lovât's Scouts.
June 2—Kr it zinger captures Jamestown, Cape Colony.
June 6—Elliott engages Do Wet near Reitz and captures his convoy.
June 12—Disaster to Victorians near Wilnmnsrust.
June 26—Boer attack on blockhouses along Dolegoa railway.
July 4.—Train wrecked by Doors near Naboomspruit.
July 5—111 reply to Botha's enquiries about ending war Kruger tel-egraplfs to Botha to continue figlit-
NOJNFS AND SNAKES
heavily near /Reusburg
It is a curious fact that there are prisoners taken certain kinds of noises which attract Ladysmith repulsed snakes. For instance. Hie whirr of j j,[n. io—Lord Roberts and Lord the mowing machine, instead of scar- Kitchener arrive ut Cape Town. For-ing these reptiles, as might be sup- Wnrd movement for relief of Ludy-posvd. seems both to allure and en- smith resumed
I'ngo them, and they almost invar-	Jan.'ll—Dundonald seizes point on
iably dart towards it, rearing them-! Tugcla at Potgviter's Drift, selves in front of .the machine, which jUn. 18.—Duller makes second at-
<>f course, promptly chops oil their j tempt to relieve LadysmDh. Dun-heads. Jn six months . so 120 cobras alone have thus slaughtered on one grass farm India.
con-
tha
the crops ways showing his interest in his new
and in many
Aug. 30—-British occupy Nooilge-dacht and release 2,000 prisoners.
Sept. 0—Duller occupies Lyden-burg.
Sept. 11—Kruger, flying from the Transvaal, takes refuge at Lorenzo Marques.
fSept. 13—Proclamation issued by Roberts calling on burghers to surrender. French occupies Da r her ton.
25—British force occupies
Many Boers cross Portuguese frontier and surrender to Portuguese.
Oct. 9—De Wet driven across the Vaal out of Orange River Colony.
Oct. 19—Kruger sails from Lorenzo Marques for Marseilles on Dutch man-of-war.
Oct. 24—Duller sails from Cape Town for England.
-•*»—Formal annexation of South African Republic, to he styled Transvaal Colony.
Nov. 6—He Wet defeated at Dotha-villc.
Nov. 22- Kruger lands at Marseil-
Sept. 26—Botha’s attack upon Forts J tala and Prospect, on the Zulu border, repulsed with severe
loss.
Sept. 29—Proclamation Issued at Pretoria, providing for sale of the properties of Doers still in the field, in accordance with previous proclamation.
possessions.
One evening during the summer ho was strolling over the farm. Thu grass had been cut during the day— a very thin crop—and was lying or the ground to dry. The judge suM it. and calling his man, he said :
"It seems to me you are very careless. Why haven't, you been more particular in raking up this hay ? Don't you see that you have left little dribbling* all about ?"
For a minute the man stared, wondering if the judge were quizzing him. Then he replied :
"Little dribbling* ! Why that's the crop
many as donald. having crossed Tugeln, on-been gages Doers near Act on	Homes,
in j Crossing of Tugela by Warren and i Lyttleton concluded
21—Warren attacks Doors'
Sept. 80—Delarey's attack upon Kekewieh’s camp at Moedwlll bra ten ofT with heavy loss on both sides. Martial law extended throughout Cape Colony.
Sept
Komati Poort
mg
July 13 — Broadwood surprises Reitz and captures Kteyn's correspondence. Narrow escape of Steyn.
July 14—French drives Scheepers* commando with heavy loss out of
Jan
MARRIAGE CUSTOM
right flank.
o ,	•	. .	I Jan. 23-24—Spion Hop captured
i he Scandinavian bridegroom | anfj held during 24th, but evacuated
S*v«* hls betrothed a prayer-book 0n the night of Jan. 24-23. General and many other gifts which usually Woodgate fatally wounded, include a goose She. in return, jnll 26-27—Haller's force recrosses
attack Vaal Krantz captures and occupies.
Feb. 7—Vaal Krantz evacuated and British force withdrawn across Tu-
1902
Camdeboo Mountains.
July 20—Death of Mrs. Kruger.
July 30—W. Kitchener captures one gun, 32 prisoners, from D Vi 1 joe» near Mlddelburg.
Aug. 1—Kitchener report* shooting dians in charge of the baggage at 0000100	Hart’s River. Canadians held their
Aug. 6—Proclamation by Lord Kit- post, but lost eleven killed and lor-chener of permanent banishment from ty-flve wounded. In one section ev-South Africa of all Boer leaders tak- ' cry man was either killed or wound-en in arms after September 15 Aug. 8—Commandant do Villiers i favorable comment
Feb. 19—Canadian Mounted Rifles arrive in Durban.
March 7—Capture of Lord Methuen by party of Doers near Klorksdorp. March 81—Gallant stand oV Cana-
dian
i
A VALUABLE ROOK
Oct
of native prisoners by Boers
ed. This brave action elicits much
which he
les
Nov. 28—Garrison at Dewctsdorp captured by Du Wet.
29—Lord Kitchener takes over supreme command.
Dec. 5—De Wet's first attempt to! enter Cape Colony ¦gMgïigggJÉ Knox
mimed from Southern frontier leaves Dec. 11—Lord Roberts sails ft Modder River with Cavalry Division Cape Town for England, and Horse Artillery.	Dec. 13—Clements defeated
Feb. 13—Lord Roberts at Dekiel s heavy loss by Delà rev
/
Nov
V
gela.
Fell. V—Lord Roberts arrives at Modder River.
Feb. 11—French, having been sum-
,4
/
y

frustrated by
Ve


B

l

!
A, -
•in
i


^gg* with
u 1 Nonitgv-
Mishup to Bin bail Vs Horse
A

k
\
\
r/.

dncht
Drift.
Feb. 15—Lord Roberts at Jacobs-Relief of Kimberley.
Feb. 17—Rearguard action between Kellv-Kenny and Cronjo en route to
Fourth attempt to re-Buller presses ad-
&4Î
!



&
V
at Znstron
;
! v-v
Dec. 14—De Wet and Steyn through Sprinklman's Pass.
Dee. 16-20—Doer Raid into Cape Colony.
Dei-. 20—Martial law proclaimed over Northern districts of Cape Col ony.

dal

escape
i
/
Y\
m
Bloemfontein

lieve Ladysmith
#
Monte Cristo Hill
ince "a
Feb. 19—Duller takes Hlangwane
•ft
Dec. 22—War Office announce des patch of reinforcements to South Af rica.
Hill.
Feb. 20—Boers under Cron je, hnv ing laagered near I'uardeberg bombarded by Lord Roberts.
Feb. 21—Fifth Division crosses Tu-

i
I

! I
z
A

i

are
Vi
>0
28—Do Wet fails in altempt ty break back into Cape Colony. ( ape raiders driven northwards.
of Liverpools
Dec



! gela
/
I
>
Dec. 29—Surrender at Helvetia.
f
Feb. 23—Duller unsuccessfully attacks Railway Hill.
Feb. 26—Duller makes fresh pas-


It ,4
4 V
/
1901.
Jan. 1—Colonial Defence Force called out in Cape Colony.
Jan 3—Defeat of bodyguard Lind ley by Botha.
Jan. V—Determined Boer attack Belfast and other stations way to Lorenzo Marques.
Jan. 18—Delà rey's force defeated near Vcntersburg.
Jan. 28—^French
Smlth-Dorrien repels determined at-
Morch 6—Field Force arrives at j>*<* by Botha. Sweeping movement Curnavon to quell rising in North- 1 commences in South-eastern Transites t	vaal, finally resulting In capture of
March 7—Lord Roberts defeats	7:$4 prisoners and large
Boers at Driefontein.	quantities of ammunition, transport,
* March 11—Overtures of peace re- cattle, etc.
d hv Lord Salisbury.	1	](%h'	(>ni(*r announce des-
¦ Lord Roberts, without Patrh oi additional 30,000 mounted
y
]
sage oi Tugela.
Feb. 27—Cronje surrenders at Paar dvlK*rg. Pieter ^ Hill, the main Boer position between Ladysmith and the Tugela, carried by Hildyard.
Feb. 28—Relief of Ladysmith. Clements occupies Coles berg.	l-
March 5— Gatacre occupies Storm-Bralmnt again defeats and
Overtures of ptacc
U
«
w

Û
y
near

/
y
/i

'////.
Oil
m
At
on rail-

^2
(
li
%
z
%

r/
z
%

I'ifgg pursues I made hv Boer Presidents
I
m
enters Ermelo
% M; '.-V.Vm
%
v


E (-PRESIDENT STEYN,
Id Whose Hands Rested the Termination of the War,
EX-PRESIDENT KRUGER The Man Who Was Primarily Responsible for the War.
J
i
Marc! #ggg	.	^
further lighting, lakes possession of «loops
1 «L




###PAGE###3###


^1
*****


¦ J


(

M
i

)

/

ADYIOI T# A mm##: ##m l like snyehaneeeettlw ewtset tf W*r marri* We, *»v*
the dozen richest men.
TABLE OF BISKS B. C.
À TALK WITH GIRLS.
Sunlight

There lfl Just a round dozen of men
Insurance Systems Practiced
Early Ages.
In
In the United Kingdom who pay tax
on incomes exceeding £50,000,
eleven in Great Britain and one in
Ireland. The eleven Englishmen are
assessed on more than £1,400,000, so most of them must pay income tax on much more than £50,000. Their gross income, equally divided between them, would give them each a nice little sum of £127,000 a year, with more than £000 over to make a private secretary uncommonly
the
HOW TO OBTAIN BRIGHT EYES AND ROSY CHEEKS.
\
Accident insurance companies base
their awards on systems of statistic»
i% ,	.	.	. _	,, that are supposed to be the out-
Pale, Anaemic and Easily Tired growth of highly modern research.
Girls Often Fall a Prey to Consumption.
SQRP
REDUCES
EXPENSE
All companies of any importance support a highly paid stall of exports, whose sole duty is to figure In young girls we look for abun- worth to him. The wonderful maze
rosy out what a man's left leg, or three I firm, plump fingers on a child's hand may be flesh and constant cheerfulness. How of figures which is necessary to these often, however, wo moot	young girls	computations to an ordinary	mind
who seem prematurely	old, feeble,	would be as staggering as the	higher
pale, listless, thin and irritable, calculus to a boy in common frac-Theee abnormal and dangerous con-	tlons. The expert can figure the pre-
ditiuus are duo to a general weak-	else difference	in the risks of a rail-
ness of the blood, and	should bo	road man and those of a lady	teach-1	Recent	articles	have	appeared	in
cured just as promptly	an possible	ing school. His tables take account j	the	press	announcing	the	wonderful
‘or the whole	life of the patient	will	of habit, temperament, diet, climate,	discovery by a celebrated European
bo ruined, if.	indeed, decline and	con-	occupation and various other con-	j surgeon, of	the euro of cancer by the
sumption do not speedily follow. I)r. dittoring circumstances.	I X-Ray treatment, and while it ap- -------- —-----------— ¦¦¦ ¦¦¦- — e
Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People All this Is supposed to be the out- pears as a new thing in the medical nAV|An T-a	.	# A DA IN |
are the natural, logical and sure come of scientific investigation world it is not generally known that	I Os IS III© TlnGSl @ I nil l I
cure for weak girls. These pills reaching back only some fifty years, during the last two years several f©© th© WOfld PVOdUCes» ÎCI IDDDIQC make rich, red blood with every but though the method may bo wonderful cures have been effected in	T t ¦	' lOUill lllwt
dose. They strengthen the nerves,	new, the idea	of paying for injuries	our	own	country, in	the	City	ef	Ham-	9(10	IS	SOlti Only Ifl lOSd #
act upon the whole system and	according to	a carefully adjusted	ilton,	by	one	of its	well-known	phy-	_».L,»*#
bring health,	strength and happiness	scale Is old, and was practiced in	sicians, Dr.	Cummings, who was one	P*&rt© 13.
to those who	use them.	England and Germany long before	of the first	in America to introduce	BlflCk.	Mixed find GroOM#
Mrs. Hiram Hinkler, South Pelham	Caesar	conquered Gaul.	the X-Rays in his practice,	and has	t	1	2
township, Welland County, Ont.,	When	those early globe trotters,	effected several remarkable	cures in	span te.i diinkers	try ‘fSakda" Greta Us. ] J ^
¦ays:—"It is with pleasure that I the Phoenicians, returned from ven-leases whore the Knife and Plasters give this tribute to the health-re- turesomo trips along the west coast! have failed entirely. Two Hamilton
storing virtues of Dr. Williams' Pink of Europe and told strange stories j cases in particular might bo men- CHANCE FOR INVENTION.
Pills. When my daughter Lena be- & strange people who were giants Honed, one a Mr. John Lcuigton, who "Shall I clin vour hair n lit tin nt I m gan the use of your medicine she was	nod had light hair, these	had cancer and had tried all	kinds of	thp	on(jg sir?"	asked the harlier nf	o
In n most wretched condition. Ini	some blonde giants practiced clabor-!	treatments without avail.	Hearing	uis	customer who nnnp<l ^ ,, wit	#
fact we were seriously alarmed lost llto schemes of Justice that wore of a wonderful cure in the City by amonrr his friends	I •
she might not recover. The symp-l based on tables of risks. They did Dr. Cummings, he placed himself in 1 ,,j	„*»» hav« in •• w,«
toms were a feeling of languor and	not rate the price of a	man	as high	his hands,	with	the result that to-	tho gober answer	2
weakness, gradually growing worse,	ns lie may rate himself	in a	modern	day there	is not	a trace of tho dis-	vented some method	bv	which	von	•
She became pale, lost flesh, had lit-	insurance company; he	Was	worth	ease left.	Tho other case was that	cnn clip jt t f thef middle	find	#
tic or no appetite and was apparent-	,n Saxon computations	about 100	of a widow, Mrs.	Wm. Gleason, who	save the ends which	>rn	mi.1v	r	®
ly going into a decline. Finally the shillings; if he lost an arm or a leg, after several, operations both by I sh0Ultl orefor t hat nf	~
trouble became complicated with a	*16 could	mako tho offender pay	him j Knife and	Piaster, found the disease
persistent sore throat, which gave	something like 60 shillings, while a recurring.	Her physician retom-
ber great difficulty in swallowing, «overo wound might bring him 86 mended her to Dr. Cummings and ?She was placed under the care.of & I	shillings.	To-day an arm or a	leg! she is now permanently cured. One
doctor who said her blood was poor worth	usually about $1,600,	and; feature of	the X-Ray treatment is
and watery and her whole system a woun(* varies in proportion to its that no scars or traces of the disease
badly run down. The doctor’s treat- severity and to tho closeness of your are left. From this it will L___________
ment did not help her much and friendship with the attending phy- that Canada is not behind the older then acting on the advice oi a neigh-' sicinn. bor, 1 began to liams’ Pink Pills.
with which this medicine was urged upon us was not misplaced, soon noticed a distinct improvement in my daughter's condition. Tho uso of the pills for some weeks completely restored her, and from that time she has been .a cheerful light-hearted girl, the very picture of health."
never fail to restore health and strength in cases like the above. Through their action on the blood and nerves they also euro such diseases as rheumatism, sciatica, St.
dance, indigestion, kidney trouble, partial paralysis, etc. There are many so-called tonic pills, hut they are all mere imitations of this great medicine.
A copy of Illustrated booklet 11 Weekly Expense» Reduced” sent free to your address by writing to
UVIR MOTHER! LIMITED, TORONTO «*1 happy.
dant health and strength, cheeks, bright eyes,
*
T
O
We are handling large quantities! We can handle yours to advantage.
The Dawson Commission Co , Limited, Torontg.
Consignments of Butter, e»ge, Aoplee end other Produce Solicited.__
MAPLE SYRUP
the wonderful x-rays
IN CANCER CASES.
I
#*#*#*#»#»#»#*#*# S# #*#'##»# #»#»#*#*##
2
4
It will surprise you to see how it looks, how it wears, how easy it @ works, how	••<<, nominal it is 0
when you paint with
a
$
RAMSAY’S
PAINTS*
*
*2
I»
xW
the oldest and best known paints # in Canada to-day, made from the best paint material to fight off hot sun and storm, to outlast all others, and at just the right price • for pure paints.
Drop us a line and ask for
BOOKLET "K" FREE.
Drop us a card and ask for
i

A. RAMSAY & SON, ,Mt Î .	________________—m cntreal Paint Maker* f
course."
A RAILWAY MAN.


The finest nutchee In the werldjmade frem •oft oorky pine, end espeolally euftablc for demeetlo wee-put up In neat eliemg boxes, aeeorled celer# each hex oentelnfnf about m matches-three bexee In* peek afe.
EXTRAORDINARY UNPLEASANT SYMPTOMS OF KIDNEY TROUBLE IN THIS
CASE.
Eddy's
Headlight
Parlour
Matches
Everybody ask
seen
H'.
Non-
Sulphurous.
Odorless.
Every Stick— A Match
Every Match— A Lighter
for
countries of Europe in the wonderful
give hcr Dr. Wit-1 Kar* in those days were looked] developments of Medical Setenco.
The confidence I uP°n in t,lc light of superfluous ornaments, and the loss of one brought 12 pence • in compensation, while, strange to Bay, you could indulge your wrath by biting off an enemy's thumb, if he would permit, at not greater expense. A finger was marked down yet 2 pence lower.
The insurance expert is tho life of tho company, and his figures and theories are part of the boast of civilization, but the idea of these piecemeal estimates originated with those inventors of beer and mysticism, the Teutons.
91
11
as I
Tortured by All Kinds of Pains And Aches He Tries Everything but Fails to Find Relief Till a Friend Advises Him to Use Dodd’s Kidney Pills—They Have Made a Well Man of Him and He is Grateful.
&
• • •

For 8alo by All First Cl Coalers.
Those pills
!
Ottawa, Out., Mur. 31. (Special.—
Frank Uhartrand, a railway man, whose home is at 180 Little Chaudière Street, has acknowledged that I China devours nine million edible Dodd's Kidney Pills have done more birds' nests „ yearly. Fifty of these | Christian for him than anything else in tho make a pound.
world has ever done. Ho says:—"I	---
suffered with backache and was al- to ihue a cold I* OX* iMT.
* ”ry	SSSSiSSërœ
I had frequent severe headaches, and more times very sharp pains in the top of my head, which gave me much annoyance in my work.
I H M f l H H-f-H*

1
#
l
The earliest mention of a doubla
name is that of John Philip Curpcl, of Finehain, in 1363, AD.
4
Vitus’
/Ax
A NATURAL MAGNET.
91
A scientific professor was once lecturing in a provincial town on natural philosophy, and in tho course of his experiments he introduced a most powerful magnet, with which ho attracted a block of iron from a distance of two feet, conceive a greater attractive power?" demanded the lecturer, with an air of triumph.
"I can," answered a voice from the audience.
"Not a natural, terrestrial object?” Yes, indeed."
Tho lecturer, somewhat puzzled, challenged the man who had spoken to name the article.
Then up rose an old countryman. Said he: "1 will give you facts. Professor, and you can judge for yourself. When 1 Was a young man there was a little piece of natural magnet done up in a neat cotton dress os was called Betsy Maria. She could draw me fourteen miles on Sunday, over ploughed land; no matter what tho wind or weather, there wasn’t no

Mil aid’s Liniment Lumbermai’sFrienii
Be sure that you get the genuine with the full
«
1
name,
Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People" on every box. If your dealer does not keep them they will be sent postpaid at 50 cents a box or
by addressing Medicine Co.,

i i
« t
The average weight of a grown About 41 in every 1,000 men in man is 1401b. 6oz.; tho weight of bis the British army are six feet in skeleton is only 141b.	j height, or over.
MISSES’ SHIRT WAIST.
"Can any of you
Waists with deep tucks at the I My fingers would cramp and I
s;,!- z “S sfiSKs ïïïï
ssrts «s x srKsUr
ite washable fabrics; but taffeta, i would have a pain in my left side. I tlejai remedies. Deafness to cauesd bran
,ird s.-A'ss.urrsa.s SEKHHHE
cold weather waists. The cat anything.	feet hearing. aad when it is entirely closed
admirable model shown la ot white "X had a constant soreness and j ¦‘•‘/««•J*	'g"1* Kidth Sinter iî2»r5l
mercerized duck with handsome pearl tenderness over the spine and tired i ,i.norm.l co.d.Ucn, f.in.t w.ll be de buttons, used for the closing, and is feeling in the region of my kidneys. #troysd forever : nine cwee ont of ten aro unlined, but tho fitted foundation is 1 “I suffered quite a little with»
advisable for all silks and woolen dragging heavy feeling across the I we will give One Hundred Do;tore for any materials.	I loins.	| cone of Deafne#» (canned by catnrrhl that can
To cut this waist for a miss of 14 ' “Dodd's Kidney Pills were recoin- VcfcuT.rtV/e ‘ years of age, 3 3-8 yards of material, mended to me by a friend of mine 1	*F. J. CHENEY &; CO.. Toledo, O
21 inches wide, 2 5-8 yards 27 inches | who had been cured, and I began to Sold by DruggUto, 75c. wide, 2 yards 32 inches wide, or lj use them.	I IIoITb Family Pill* are the beet.
yards 44 inches wide will be re-i "Almost from the start I began to qulrcd.	| feel tho wonderful improvement,
which continued as the treatment I for any
proceeded, till the unpleasant symp- $100,000 for a necklace of 424 line toms had one by oné entirely disap- ] pearls.
Russia boosts of the world s great-1 ^-^d’s Kidney Pills have worked I Messrs. C. C. Richards & Co. est choir. It is in the Cathedral °f|a wonderful cure in my case and I Gentlemen,—After suffering for me Alexander Ncvski, in St. Pctoisbuig, cannot speak too highly of this great v^n years with inflammatory rheum and is attached to a convent erected| and good remedy."	iatism. so bad that I was eleven
in honor of the patron saint of what Doddfs Kidney Pills have I months confined to my room, and Russia. Its members, of which there (lono fo|. Mr Chnrtrand they have for two years could not dress myself are about thirty, are all monks, and d/)no for thousands of others, and without help. Your agent gave me are chosen from the best voices in, ^ do tho same for you if you a bottle of MINARD'S LINIMENT
all the Russian monasteries. When, ivQ thom rhanco	In May, '97. and asked me to try it. j	whotrieeciieadioewinn
a fine singer appears among the no- Therc ftrc many railway men in which I did. and was so well pleased
vitiates he is sent to the monastery Ca0ft(la to-day who find Dodd's Kid- with tho results I procured more	-----------
of Alexander Ncvski, where he is j n	indispensable They are Eive bottles completely cured mo and
trained as carefully as an opera-j ^ railway man's surest and best % have had no return of the pain for singer, and remains there doing no-| frien(1	I eighteen months.
The constant vibration on trains I The above facts are well-known to --... _____ __ ._.
and engines is very hard on the kid- everybody in this village and neigh-	i.
A.
disetisc	| St. Timotliee, Que.. May 10th. 1899. |
„ ii, il I t j ii il U	The first piece of underground rail--------------*-------	“
Kte* Hinird s LMmI lit tht Hotise i	WANTED
six boxes for $2.50 the Dr. Williams’ Brockville, Ont.
BOYS BRIGADE
?
Bugle Band
Instruments, Bugles. Files. Drums, Caps. etc.

• *
PULP AND PAPER
I 4
EVERY TOWN OR SCHOOL
Can have a File and Drum or Bugle Band.
quoted. Illustrated price-list for ANYTHING in MUSIC
for tho
Canada is Pre-eminently the Greatest Pulp Wood Producing Country in the World,
Lowest prices ever mailed free. Write us or MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
WHALEY, BOYCE 6 CO., Limited
Winnipeg, Man.

*
â
Toionto, Canada
The prospectus of the Atlantic
Limited, Messrs.
Pulp and Pa|*r Company,
Just issued by the brokers,
Sutherland & Cameron, Ottawa, contains some interesting reading matter. The mills of the Company will
Riv“£ew Richmond" oîîhett| «JJg goodb£‘i?won't draw 2
far as Betsy Maria.”
TO PRINTERS
FOR BALI.—Two 2-rivolutlon Campbell Presses, bed 40x56 Inches. Splendid order. Price $1,000 each. Terms easy.
# FRANK WILSON,
73 West Adelaide 8t, Toronto
The greatest price paid last year
article of jewellery was
des Chaleurs, where it is proposed to erect a paper mill with u daily capacity of 54 tons, a ground wood oulp jniil with a daily capacity of 50 tons and a sulphite pulp mill with a daily capacity of 40 tons. The wood -used will bo principally spruce, and It believed that pulp	PuPcr
jeon be morn economically manufac- I During the teething period great itured there than at any other place care should be taken of baby's health 4n America. The properties and 11m- The little one suffers greatly; the lit* acquired by the company contain | gums arc hard and inflamed and any (about 802 square miles. The. com-I disorder of the stomach or bowels pany has reports on the property increases tho peevishness of the child made by five different rangers, whose and often fatal results follow. Mo-jreports show that there is sufficient ther’s greatest aid at this period is wood to afford a perpetual supply of Baby’s Own Tablets—the surest of all timber. One of the rangées who has remedies in curing the minor ail-‘traveled and examined limits In the mente of children. Among the many State of Maine, New Brunswick and mothers who testify to the value of Quebec and worked in Wisconsin and j these Tablets is Mrs. U. B. Bickford, 'Minnesota, says It is the liest pulp | Glen Sutton, Que., who says:—"My limit he has ever traveled over.
SINGING BREAKS GLASS.

J
TEETHING TIME.
BtTMIRS WAIT A MINUTE I
; Chaffing Sores.
Is the Critical Age in the Life oi
All Little Ones.
¦ c
*3
Chaffing »
•imply ease* fer time Being. Cl LEAD me
: i !
V T- >
wtUtn
e

j
Dominion Line Steamship*
i

Kl.
thing except assisting at the music at mass in tho morning and vespers in the afternoon, until he becomes aged, when he retires on u pension. Some of the voices arc of marvellous
,, 1.	. ,	.	L	strength and sweetness, and it is
RC	little bnby suffered much from tvelh- snid thafc	members of the choir
! Th« water which w.ll be used in mg and indigestion. I procured a caa Matter a thin glass into freg-the manufacture of paper is pure and box of flaky s Own Tablets and it ments by Bingln„ |nto lt- BO ,,ower-kienii, the Little Cascapedia River worked wonders in baby’s condition- (ul arc Ulc vibration8 their tones, being fed by springs and is suitable In fact f believe it saved my little The monka aro all \egtarians ; they for making the finest grades of par one s life. I sincerely believe thatl-novcr ent meftt The rulcs of the
per without the expense of filtering, where now many a home is saddened Roman church forbid them to shave , W. C. Edwards M.P of W. C. through death of a little one, joy and their hair ia worn like a wo-Edward* & Co., Limited, lumber- would be supreme if these tablets had man»g Vnlike ordinary monks they pen. Ottawa, is the president of the been used. I consider them baby's are fastidious about * their appear-compnnv; R. Y. Ellis, director of P. best doctor and would not be with- Bnce# an(1 put up their hair and
W. Ellis & Co., Limited, manufac- out them.”	whiskers in papers every night, so
luring jewelers, is the vice-president, Baby’s Own Tablets when given in thnt they nrc v;avy ftn(j c|Jrjy and the other directors are: Charles accordance with tho directions pre-H. Wateroue, president of the Water- vent restlessness and nervousness— oue Engine Works Company, Limited, cure simple fever, diarrhoea, consti-Brantford; R. H. Thompson whole- pation, colic and all stomach trou-saJe paper merchant, Buffalo; A. F. ble. Guaranteed to contain no op-57 Eckardt, manufacturer, Toronto; late or other harmful drug. By dis-Chnrles Lyman, president of tho Ly- solving a tablet in water it can be anan-Knox Company, Limited. Mont- given with absolute safety to the real; J. W. Wardropo, director of the very youngest baby. Sold by New Richmond Lumber Company, druggists, or direct by mail, post Limited, Montreal; William II. Me- paid, at 25 cents a box, by address-Intyre, paper manufacturer (late mo- ing the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co chanical superintendent Laurontido | Brockville, Ont.
Pulp Company), and W. R. P Parker, barrister-at-law, Toronto.
md
retime t# là» molatiee V-'t
« UtOf HMt



*2SS£ftM
—>

en la
Sui	t» I2^*5îea£2
Lever’s Y-Z (Wise Head) Disinfoc-I 2i5t«fetL;ieiui mPconwploue« oUceethreugbootty tant Soap Powder dusted in the bath I
softens the water at the same tune ^peases, BOt 10 #tc##d il 59 per day.
that it disinfects.	I Writ# ter panicuisrr.	FwtoSc* boi 337,
iKTEINATlONlL MEDICiNt CO.. LBN DOM 0 NT,
Street.
If all the houses in tiio United Kingdom were grouped together, it is estimated that they would cover about 480 square miles of land.
i
i

Minais Liniment is used bf Physician
Westmoreland is the most thinly populated of any British county. It
to every
Wood a Photo. Engraving
pu. l jones Eng.C?=^f
-I6Ô BAY ST peer -toron 10
In England 133 in 1,000 people has only one inhabitant are children ; in Greece T44 in 1,000, four acres of its surface, and in Franco only 97.	'	------

\
The Oaths Act, 1888, provides that "if any person to whom the oath is administered desires to swear with iplifted hand, in the form and manner in which the oath is usually administered in Scotland, he shall be permitted to do so.” It is evident (says tho Law Journal) that this provision is among the things not generally known. for it is certain that if it were belter known many more witnesses would avail themselves of it. Those whose duty it is
to administer the on tit might be in- Ls,»,^, Hromo-Quleiae Tabletg oars a oeld st meted to acquaint any witness I» one day. Me 1 ura. No Par Prie# toeeate.
that he may be sworn with uplifted	?
hand. Perhaps a better course would Perth was the last British town to be for the Legislature to put nn end j abolish the tax of births, altogether to the practice of kissing the Book.

H-f*
Far Over Sixty Years	I A$|[ fflf Miflîfti $ 3fllj 'd?6 HO itflEf
Mm Wixsiow # Sooth tn# Amur hss bum need by	¦¦ ¦ ¦
I The largest Parliament in point of
for Mm#. Wisslow esooreixa sraor."	| Britain’s comes second with 670.
Negro children are never glossy black until quite six years old.
y

~ i
•j* THE CANADA PER MANENT I and WESTERN CANADA X M ORTGACE CORPORATION

!



w r 0 ms
•»
4
•• Invites investors of large or T 11 small amounts to investigate X I ! its	T


THE MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE
Step* ike C#**b
Then, when you have finished : The subscription books are now I your lecture,” said the professor of open, and prospectuses, with full in- elocution and deportment, to young formation and application forms, nulle. ”bow gracefully, and leave pnay be obtained from the office of the platform on tip-toe.” “Why on Sutherland k Cameron, Ottawa, Can* tip-toe 7" queried Bulle. "So as not Ada, or the National Trust Company, | to wake the audience,” replied the Limited, Toronto, Montreal and Winnipeg.
i i
aad wisrkA •If lie# I #14.
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
¦ ’ Four Per Cent Debentures


4. with half-yearly interest cou-
Tbey are is-


•	• pons attached
' * sued for fixed terms of not T ' ' less than one year and are T
*	\ secured by assets amounting 4« ..to

THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
professor.

EPPS’S
Page Acme Poultry Nettie
ashed at bottom and doss not require rail ipport at edges, having strong etraigb
top. boiion.and in contre, caauot saw easy to eracl The “Pac* Acme” netting i##f
---, very darable and cheap. Wa also
ko ferai cad ornamental fence, gates, nails sud plea. Tno name of Page Is your guarantee of quality
The Page Wire Peace Us., Limited, Wslkervlllc. Ont. I
She breath.
t
1 am not wealthy,” ho said, "but if the devotion of a true and tender heart goes for anything with you.
” "It goes very well
with me, Mr. Spoonbill," interrupted the fair girl, with a pensism look in her 'ice ; but how will it go with the grecer and butcher ?”
# «
f* Im
3S
$23,000,000. ::
Toronto, ! !
H-H -H-H-H"!
GRATEFUL OCMFORTINQ.
COCOA!S :: iSS»o.. ..
MOU
t wt

CLOSE
EMM


Miss Clara


AT


BOTTOM

particular, by p<Ht and we are eure 10 eatbfy.
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.





/







###PAGE###4###
wrwr
\


r \

4. >A

1








THE EQUITY.
shawville, may l, 1902. I Sylvester Njachinery
RIGHT AT THE FRONT
MASSEY-HARRIS
SMART & SMITH
We Lead in
with a full lino of -
WARE-KOOMS
SHAWVILLE
Cent’s Furnishings
: ik -
ù
(?
e)
Also a stock of
ADAMS' WAGONS,
BRANTFORD CARRIAGES an.t
EXPRESSES. DOWSKLLS WASHERS, WRINGERS and LEADER CHURNS.
1 %
JlThere will bo no legislation this session iu regard to cattle guards upon railways, says the Ottawa correspondent of the Toronto Globe. Thus a solemn promise given by Minister Blair is broken an for another year at least a gtave injustice from which the Canadian farmer is suffering will continue. When the
Laurier Government is called Upon to | Wave rooms next doorto D. Mcl ic'sshop.
!<>oee between the railway companies and the farmers, it is always the farmers who are turned down. And yet the tillers of the soil represent seven-tenths af of Canada's population.
U
Just Received 1
\ Car-load of
The Celebrated Gray
Carriages
Our Men’s Serge Suits at $6.00 in Black and Navy are Extra value.
A Call Solicited.

Vr
R. J. HAMILTON.
P. 9. Hay Forks.
For Gent’s Hats, Shirts, Neckties, Shoes, Hosiery and Underwear, this is the place.
The Public Accounts Committee has managed to secure the information, tha* in spite of the fact that a three years' supply of ties was purchased last year for the Intercolonial a further supply I
has been ordered this year. The To be Collected during Season of
prices of the two year's compare inter- .... ,	,
cstingiy:-	|	1902 by the Quiqze Rapids Im-
provement Company, Limited.
%
Tariff of Tolls
it
and Buggies
Give us a call and convince yourself.
Last
year.
This
year.
Hemlock....
Princess Pine Beat Cedar..
^lhe fall in prices ranging from 21 lu ! Saw logs 17 foot and under in length
• i per cent, represents the fact that there is no general election at hand and that, consequently, t he Laurier Government. is not buying up the Maritime I,tvi1 aild White Pine. Tamarac, Provinces.	I Spruce and Hemlock, rounder
flatted, over 17 feet and under .*tt) feet long, per thousand feet board measure
MACFARLANE BROS.
2*
28
For iso of Iipraonls
30
28
»>.)
Drop in and have a look at these stylish rigs before placing your Spring orders.
per thousand feet board me»-
Cventx
O
sure
1902
1902
SMART & SMITH.
What New Zealand Thinks.
A NEWLY REBUILT KILL !
71 cents
The attitude of New Zealanders towarde I ^ all<i White Pine, Tamarac,
Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, Ik) feet long and upwards in length, per thousand feet board measure.........
Rod and White Pine. Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, square or wanvy board, per thousand cubic feet.
CLARroller mills,If"Clm ”
preferential trade is exactly on a par with that adopted id Canada by the Conservative party,
Mr. Caldwell, of the dmi of Steen,
Mackay & Caldwell, of Auckland, New Zealand, who is at present in Montreal, expressed the opinion that the business men of his country would be disappoint-at the new budget. In discussing the matter today, he said that, while New Zealand had not given Great Britan a preference in her tariff, the people perfectly willing to do so, provided it was placed on a reciprocal basis. He did not understand how Canadian manufacturers could prosper under the present tariff.
And yet New Zealand has sent quite | Notice is hereby given, that the partner as many troops to south Aftiea as Can- ship heretofore subsisting In*» ween George ada; she has offered to do more if neces- H. McDowell, and R. W. llodgins, both aary. Can her loyalty be called to of l,ie village of Shaw ville, under the
~ i sES-EEm
necessity work out to the disadvantage ' has this day been dissolved by mutual of the Empire. She wants a business I consent.
like preference such as Sir Wilfrid Laurier refused to accept.
0 cents
FURNITURE.
ifovents ! Remember that we are adding to our reputation as manufacturers of High Grade Flour.
| You don't Catch Us standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation alread y established. No, sir !
' I We want Milling and Seed Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large stocic of Flour and all kinds of" Feed and can make Prices Right.
Dissolution of
Partnership
were
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
)
JAMES WILSON.

UNDERTAKING BRANCH
The bu sine» w ill in future be carried on by the said George li. McDowell, to whom all accounts, notes, etc., due the late firm are to be paid, and by whom all obligations due by the firm will bv settled.
Dated at. Shaw ville this hist day of March, 11**2.
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
THE FAVORITE
(
The Parliamentary Week
The past week in parliament was a rather interesting one.
Mr. A. K. Lancaster, pressed his cattle <;uard bid and forced promisse from Sir Wilfrid Laurier and Hon. A. G Blair, that next session the government would devote its attention to the question.
By a straight party vote the govern ment again refused to allow the public »cc<urLs c mmit'ee to investigate H m A. G. B air s Intercolonial railway trail suctions.
The opposition had a chance to ray something, however, when the r away estimates cime up. It was shown that the Intercolonial coats .'4 per cent.
to operate than any road in tka l ulled States.
The census was disci:isvd and it proved rhat while the census of 18t>l only cost 11 cents per head, that of 1001 cost 20 cents per head. A further sum of $120,-GUO was voted to pay the enumerators who have been waiting a whole year for their money.
John Charlton introduced a resolution giving advice to Great Britain as to how she should treat the Boers. The house threw it out with little ceremony, feeling that England is quite competent to carry on her own negotiations.
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
o. h. McDowell,
It. XV. HUDGINS.
THE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
pRESH ARRIVALS
Public Notice.
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
AT
Province of Quebec.
I Municipality of Clarendon.
Hu die notice Is hereby given by the under signed Secretary Treasurer of the Municipality of Clarendon. County of Pontiac. That the list of persons entitled to vote at the election of a member of the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Quebec, has been prepared according to law;
That a duplicate thereof has been deposited in the office of the undersigned, at the disposal, and for the information of all persons interested, and that on Monday the sixth day of the month of May, 190*j, at the usual time and place of meeting, the Municipal Council will proceed with the examination and correction of the said list.
Dated at Shaw vide, tills 8th day of the j month of March, nineteen hundred and two.
HUGH MATHESON,
Sec.-Treasurer.
IN
WAiimnvz
> 4»
FACTORY
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
(Formerly McCredie & Ijodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
tv o e
AT THE
dash Store,
STARK’S
CORNERS.
0
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, T II K PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. ::	::
A full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
a e. wainmanT SHAWVILLE.
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the 'smallest possible margin.
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
keeping of such records takes about one half minute per cow per day. The outlay for a balance would be from fifty cants to five dollars.
The increased flow of milk due to keeping such a record where ten cows are As a means of converting the raw pro-	kept would pay for a balance in a week,
ducts of the farm into more saleable	Keeping milking records induces a spirit
forms, the good dairy cow is without a	of interest, ani competition among milk-
poer. The good beefing animal will pay 1	ere, and, in the mind of the milker,
very little more than market prices for ; among the cows milked by the same ,,T*10 undsrslgned offers for sale hear food fed from birth to shambles. The ! milker. Ripid, e’ean and careful milk-	nuV-*0^hLBn£i'
sheep, with her fleece and her lambs ng will raise the average return from a range, and containing «Sacres, more or gives only a very modest profit on food 1 cjw by from two to ten per cent accord- less, over lOOof which	I I
consumed. The pig and the hen, if ing to the cow—the better the cow the a good state of cultivation. On the press isely fed, do much better than either 1 greater the increase.	mises are created two dwelling houses,
of the above, but it is very seldom that If you oversell cows, the ability to give	sUblee, l log barn, granary,
the returns from either of them go be-	an «curate milk recerd w,11 generally Lildlti? The	la fairi^STinSId,"
yond one dollar and fifty cents for one «peaking, raise a cows value, from and and has an abundance of good water. The dollar s worth of food consumed.	I facilitate the sale, Especially is this true property will be sold wither with
The dairy cow, however, frequently ! if she is a pure bred. Further knowing out stock, or implements, as deeired. goes as high as two dollars worth of the return from each cow in any herd, « or terms ami further particulars apply
product for one dollar worth of food, and I you are in a position to easily select for ' many a cow has been known to giye two I breeding, besides, in almoaterery herd are dollars and fifty cent# worth of products j found14 Boarders —cows that pay a very _
for one dollar*' worth of food consumed. low|price for thoir food, leave no profit,	. .. A .
Moat herds fall far short of such a high and frequently are kept at a losi that you ever made, do you decide to m-
return. The reasons may be summarized , They should be detected and fed off for troduce lt*	. .
as lack of breeding, improper or msufti I beef. Keeping a milk record is a sure , ?8 upon you, the advisabi-
cient feeding, and lack of judgment	and I way to discover them. To the breeder of	!ty	of	®uch » 7°ord'	fWe wo;,d
management.	| pure bred stock of any of the milking	be	most	happy to send you	forms for
Every diary herd should average over | breeds, Jersey, Guernsey, Ayrshire, Cm , tbe da! * rccord> 11 wel *s f°rme fifty dollars worth of products per	sow1 nadian, or mi king Shorthorn atriini,	w	0re< 1	: 1,1	1 ‘ 1 8Urtm,ary	to b® kept
per year. If your herd is not giving	you I the daily milk record should he quite as	reference.	y hen you wrue for f ie
such a return you are rot doing it justice, important as the breeding record. We ;or™1*	Biae the number of cows
Possibly, every individual in the herd is ! venture the assumption that in a very few	, ad?reîe . era 1,°	,
not a number one dairy cow, but do yt u 1 years, every breed putting forward any iri" ,1 Agncultanet, Experimental
know wh ch are really doing good work claims as a dairy breed, will be making a frm* Ltaws<, nt‘ r M 5) * I dress-and the relative merits of the different specialty of milk tecords.	ed come post tree,
cows ?	The reasons an? obvious. Beau y cf
In order to kndw your cows you must style, color, and conformation are very keep a daily record of the milk yielding important, and where the breeder makes by each cow. We would like to see you his money in some other line than farm-do this. We are willing to help you do tog, ha may be able to keep animals for
it. Daring the past year a number of their looks alone. We, who are farming Wilkes Barre, Ps.. April 2fi. -Seven-dairy farmers, at our suggestion, made	for money, must look to the profit side	teen-year-old Walter Pope	hud his moth-
an effort along this line The results	of everything. With us •• Handsome is	er arrested foa> neglecting	to clothe and
were most satisfactory. In cur possession as handsome does. "	feed him properly. She was held under
are many farmer's letters, emphasizing The Holstein men have made a move- bail for court and will be tried in two the importance and value of such records, ment in the light direction with their weeks. The boy earns between $10 and both as a guide in selecting cows and as advanced Registry ; the Guernsey breed- $15 every two weeks in the mines, and eflNrtiveJmeana of directly improving the ere are working along similar lines. It gave all to his mother. Hia clothes, he
actual herd. The extra outlay required would thin seem to be a good thing for said were rags, and only a crust of bread Sixty lives were lost by the burning of
is very small. We would supply you	some breeds, and we are sure it would be	was put in his dinner pail.	Several rain-	the steamer	Cify	of	Pittsburg	at	Turner’s
with record forms fora time at least. Th *	the nnst important step for improvement	era have been dividing meals with him.	Landing, 24	miles from Cano,	Ills.
A Word to Dairy Farmers.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turning's, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
P. S.-Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
Improved Farm for Sale.
DAIRY HERD MIIK RECORDS.
THE MARKETS.
SILAS YOUNG.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) (18 to 75c. Flour per barrel, $3.40 to $3.80. Oats per bushel, 40 to 00c. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75c. Buckwheat, 45c. per bush.
Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Eggs, per dozen, 10 to lie. Butter, per pound, 14 to 15c. Wool, per pound, 14 to lflc. Pelts, each, 00 to 00c.
Hides, $4.50 to $5.00.
Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each.
ROBERT C. IJODGINS.
are cleared and in
Here it is I ISTT The Place

SASH and DOOR
J. D. FIELDS. Rutledge P. O. Que.
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
t
OTTAWA
In connection with my former business I have just placed In position a set of first-class machines forthelnan-ufacture of all kinds of
Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
pails. 18 to 20c. per lb.
Eggs, fresh, 13c. per doz.
Potatoes, 30c. per bag.
Lamb, 6 to 10c. per lb.
Mutton, 0 toOc. per lb.
Beef, 51 to 8c. per lb.
Pork, $7.25 to $0.00 per 100.
Oats, 47 to 49c. per bushel. Hay, $0.00 to $9.50 per ton. Wool 09 to 00c. per lb.
?
44
t
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Repairing
w ! For which I am now prepared to re
Xfeatly dono &t lowest f*'»* orders and guarantee first class
prices.
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
E. W. Hodhon, L’ve S:ock Commissioner
Arrested His Mother.
work.
The creditors of the late Rev. John McLeod of Vankleek Hill have lost their suit against Malvina Rose McLeod, widow, an action ti secure for the creditors the life Insurance on the life of the late clergyman.
Thanking ray many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future In crease in business.
DALE BROS


Shawville.

JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.

P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.


	
	
###PAGE###5###


.





THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Court Shawville,
No. 816.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISHED EVERT THURSDAY
AT BHAW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION—$1.00 A Y CAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper itopped until nil arrearage* m e paid, unless by special arraugement with She publisher.
I.O.F
FIDE sqowwc OF
SUMMER DRESS STUFFS.

Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
The Kind tljat Gets all tl|e Cream :
The Improved
U. S.
Cream Separator
r„.B.<
J. A. Cowan, R 9
H. 8. Barnett, F.B
o
John Beckett, C. It.
ADVERTISING RATES i
Legal advertising. eight cents per line for Bret Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at 94.00 per year.
Local announcement* Inserted at. the rate of s cents per line for first insertion and 0 cents for subsequent Insertions.
IThe spot ,or-
which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instruc-tlons accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-1 ^ Your Turn next 11shed free of charge. Obituary poetry to cents per line.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR, JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
The beauty and elegance of these Summer Dress Fabrics baffle description. They must be seen to be appreciated, and it is well worth a visit to the Store if only to have a peep at these beautiful materials. Without a doubt the finest showing we ever made is
I view. No lady should think of buying without
CEO* HYNES flrst seeing our assortment.
i
t
1


A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, oa

A Clean Shave
now on
I
ree
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
if
'
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVTLLE, • • QUE
A select range of Dress Muslins, in- ! English Mercerized Dress Sateens :
eluding Stripes, Dimities and Figured j Dark grounds only ; Spots and Floral design» ; 30 inches wide special
RECEIVED COLD H|EDAL, THE HIGHEST AWARD
Business Cards.
15c ts
Batiste ; these make dainty cummer or evening gowns ; all the very newest color;
At the Pan American Exposition held at Buffalo,
N. Y., last summer. : ;
MEDICAL.
Applique Lace :
F.M.A.McNaughtoq,IUV,M.D.,C.M.
(•ur stock is very complete in the new 10c. to 25cts. Applique Lace. These are selling extra
quick. See them.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of I in3*- Price P«r 7*"* Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
Graduate of McGill University,*
Office—Residence of the late Dr. H. H Knox, Shawville.
Office hours—Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
White Swiss dotted Muslins, extra line
- RIBBONS :
Before purchasing a Cream Separator see samples of the lr- S.”—the best machine made—at our
quality, j/eryurd...........10c to .'Met».,	,	,	,	...	i
Lovely neck-wear novelties that sell u
White India Linon —nice even weave— | regularly at 20c. per yard, to clear per
I	yard	hIhh
warerooms
lOcts
I also keep a complete stock of t une ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night,*
suitable for summer and evening B1 rnaes and dresses. This line i.i especially attractive. Per yard
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
Another Tempting Offer :
A reversible Tafatta Ribbon, three
15c. to 30cts. I and A inches wide, in pale Blue.
Cateleya, White, Azalée, Royal I Black. A splendid selling line this son, and worth 25cts. yard, going here at 20cfcs. per yard.
A. SMILEY.
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omn amd Rksidrmck : J. It Armatronu's House,
8HAWVILLK.
and
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith
District and Country.
sea
MAIN' 8TRHET
Above lines on display this week

A Waferhury, Conn., a man holds the record for a year in drunks, making a
I COHCPDICP I total of 730 for t we’ve months- an aver-Urn LLuULltllliLfl| age of two a day. His wife applied for
NOTARY PUBLIC,	and obtained a divorce and the above
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday, Thors ti8urce were brought out in the evidence.
¦ **««om" -1 js sapasj tsar
Hilf an acre is nsed for the purpose In their season the stock ofcateipiüe 20.000. Buttei flies and me the can be supplied at any season of the yosrj
LEGAL.
P.S.—llcta., Cash or Trade, paid for Eggs.
1
Headquarters for
G.F.HODGINS
BOORBEAD RAINVILLE, L L, L,
s is
UP-TO-DATE GOODS
*
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
A c >w owned by Herb Gray, who lives on a farm on the Simth’s Falla ruad, about mil way be* ween Fort Elmaely and Smith's Falls, gave birth to a calf having two perfectly formed heads. The mcn-Rooiu 20, Trust Building. No. 4H SparksUtensity was taken, to Smith's Falls
St., Ottawa, Ont.	where it will he mounted and placed
At Shawvlile. second and fourth Thursday | exhibition
of each month
WM. GAMBLE,
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
P. S.—Commencing May 5th this store will close at 6 o’clock, p. m., MONDAY, WEDNESDAY and FRIDAY of each week.
BARRISTER. Ao.,
on
Over $5,000 worth of chc ice liquors accompanied Hon. G. W. R,>as and his __________________ cabinent ministers on their trip to Fault
CEO. C. WRICHTe Ste Marie recenl,y* Ho* it that for a
* Temperance Ibemier ? It ii said that ADVOCATE» BARRISTER» AC ,	| Mr. Rosa is a tee-totaUr himself, but he
likes to treat his friends to a glass and thon. It encourages votes you know;
'u *1 •* p i n* Mxpiyor l as to pay for • iir.r fun juu the san e.
»fflce-over G. F. Hodgtns’ Store, Main St.
ASK FOR
OF THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
now
9
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
Trust Building—
8
?8 Spark* Street, Ottawa.
5
HO
Phone No.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
r
J. F. GEONAU
¦PMr«
B
LADYSMITH.
At Chatham, Ont., they are debating I he question; If a man's assessment be rahei $500 because his wife buys $5 worth cf paint and decorates the fiont d >or and veiaidah, how much would the MAIN STREET. I Hunting of the back door involve.— HULL,
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L
ADVOCATE, Sus.,
1.AW CHAMBERS J
(LONDON)
Fishing Nets
•I
INDIA PALE ALE
QUE. Another $500, we should say, if the wily afgjts >r makes up his mind to go At Shaw ville 3rd Thursday each month. | atound. Tne assessment law acts as a
SrSS !
correspondents.	att rac.ive, and Ivts the Iszy man off
_________ e ay.
Sold all over Canada at Grocers, Clubs and Hotels. Those who are accustomed to using imported English Ales will find it the best to be had.
For Agency, address 3 St. Peter Street, QUEBEC.
• « »•and . ». •
Fishing Tackle
W. W. IRELAND,
The man who reside* in the peaceful \rmn„,
sha les of a rural hamlet, not far from yr ancouver, B. C., April 24.—Jos. It is said that the number of settlers
SBI*1**5B—I___________________________________________
NOTARY PVBLI NOTARY FOR THE u*di of a stomach pump gavH quick relief 110,I Iûn * ,ch it ha, Miurned.	| A. p Ebert il luine J. W. Munro of
mSü	en
EftSpSHÏ	.—r'».?•-
band for «tie; O«lo. : SUawvIlle, <4u*. Next.	nn	ùzl Ur**t	l.he One of the busineea placei at Cildwell's fatalities.	J cim * w.oh.nici Fngm*,n Oredn.*. of ».
sHpH 525 rLf'I£ & svisâÂas ÉiiW'^îE
confer in the destruction of Injunous in- water, .ha. m.aring an .11 year ,upplyl	g	Eight calfee, eight sheep; six pig,, forty -*
•ecU. A h iench naturalist asserts that if	A physician of note, writing on the geese fifty hens, six tons of flour, thirty
the world become birdless, man could not lr* ®* Hutchison, ex-M P. for Ot-, subject of prunes, says a pound of prunes casks of beer, ten jars of spirits. That inhabjt !t after nine year* time, in suite j {**•? who ! ked a.i^r the ( madiin ex ,a équivalant, as food, to a gallon of i* something like • lay-out, isn't it Î
of all the sprays and poisons that could bibiUon 1 an-American exhibition milk, and costs but quarter as much. It	.	,	. . . _ ,
agnsMi
hibited birds. It is a pity a few fines]	Windsor, April, 24.— Charles Hager, • ’V ““ K8,	riced a boot in the aisle, and thinking it
j	Jtfliotod in this Tuesday morning the stables of Edward the Sandwich South farmer who was Before the Public Accounts Committee one that had been thrown into the car by
There are men Radkey, about half a mile above Locksley knocked down and torn by a row in the ! of the House of Commons a witness in	*neljd*» threw the be °t out of
o
of all kinds.
year
McDOUŒALL 55 CTJZNEE,
Village Laid Waste

PATENTS
MARION A MARION PATENT SOLICITORS A
TS
HOTELS.
St. Lawrence Hall
9
m9
Mrs C M. McLean,
A Bridegroom’s Mistake
Good Accommodation. Tsole and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
i
III
aim
11
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER | of the kind could not be inflicted
sec’ion of the county. ------ — - •••«*•	«v^ukuau • muo suuvc A^ucKiiry luvviw uuwn iiiuwiii oya cvw in uie j oi me auuse vi vommons a wures.i in	IM ..— M. M v.
and boys who imagine themselves sports station were struck by lightning and s woods last fall, died of Ms injuries last i the tie enquiry testified that a letter of the window as the train was moving. It and who go about with gur,» shooting numberof his animals were	¦¦	¦ “ g mm	i	I | ¦	M	ÈÊMÊ	u ^ ^ * -
every living thing they see. Apart from the stables were. 10 cows and a the cruelty of it they are inflicting a cows and the calf were killed ; 15 sheep pcsitlre injury on the farming community "	"
as nearly sit the birds are friends rather than enemies.
lire largely on mice and no doubt farmers who have had their trees girdled dur roof of one building and ran along the ing the past winter can blame to a cou- ioof till it entered the other building, e id arable degree the parties who want Strange to say, with the exception of the only to destroy the birds that would roofs, the buildings ars ittict.—Pembroke Stands* d.
and
MBg
killed
JEWELLER
W 1	" ••	” —	- —-•'"'I	-. w — —	— —	—	— J	• WW T.	* V	VHM.UI* J «VW» BUV	******	**	• W % « V ft	V ft	|	j	1	g	,	-	_	* ¦
i.	In . night. Since tko attack he had sat in a	instructions to him from Mr. Blair had	happened that the boot belonged to a
calf,	8	chair day and tight, being unable to lie	disappeared from the drawer in which he	w\ . ,wn loronto commercial traveller
down. Ilia abdomen was ripped open in had put it. Then Mr. Emmerson, M. P, , ? removed it to ease his weaiy a number of places. Mr. Hager was	produced the letter and the informatisa	l0?: Un the arrival of the train at
going through the bush to hie home, when was given that he had obtained it from	tr.e groom was compelled to
he espied something moving under a heap	the brother of the witness, who, it Mr.	. PalT ,, boots for the
of brush. He poked the brush with his	Emmeraon’e suggestion, had taken it from	d rummer.--Smith a ra News,
staff, and out eprank the sow, which had just given birth to a litter. She ripped his flesh and trampled on hire until he was almost dead from loss of blood. He crawled home on his hands and knees.
H

KEEPS
A SEL1TT STOCK Of
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY,
SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.


r>.
! 10 of which were killed ; 9 lambs 3 of friends rather I which were killed. Two yearling horses The Owls in particular ! were also in the stables, but were not
ouched. The lightning entered at the
m

Ft
u
1%
where its owner placed it. Ia it a legislator or a private detective that the people of Westmorland have sent to represent them in Parliament ?— Montreal Gazette.

A*

RtiAiniKO—
ASpsciALrrr

Cholera continues to spread in the Pfci’ij ines. There have been reported to date 805 cases with GC2 deaths.

SHAWVILLEj Ç. I have kept the mice in check

Z
L V
###PAGE###6###

1

~\s
Ml


' Ï
r


*'

**


ikierestino items.
izy STLsr " °""11 S’vr&zx* w°",d
=:=r=ilsiEgti
was in the vaccine matter; but th0j strcct8.	_ . ,
diseuse was really the result of * A church in Soidlitz. in Bohemia, secondary infection of the v<Jcnn*~ contains a chandelier made of hut ion wound with the gcim of o | man bones.
ju w
Bagllili Free Seheel Rales. 1784,
Imprimis, Whatsoever Boy cornea to School past 7 o' th’ Clock la the Morning In Summer time an6 'gat 8 o’ th* clock In ye Winter time [without Shew-Ing-good reason 1 Shall receive 8 Lush-
care of vaccination

THE
ing to raise the nap. Do not put all of them away ; keep one out of
in case of coîti, rainy or sickness through the They may be safely kept if newspapers or laid
| FOR ™ HOME \
•------------•
NOTES AND COMMENTS
When
each bvd weather,
to the
According to ft telegram London Time* from Tokio the real
of the visit to England by Matsukata, recently arrived
The
summer Wrapped in smoothly between the mattresses. Wrap the smaller articles in fresh
There is something in ink that moths dislike.
es.
Item, Whosoever absents himself from School, Either by Tenantry, by trying to stay at borne, or otherwise; Shall lncurr his Master's highest displeasure, Suffer the hissing and Scoffing of ye whole School, Tarry behind the Rost one hour at Night for a week, and besides [ms a suitable Reward for his —] shall suffer 12 Lashes.
Item, Whatsoever Boy shall at any time Curse, Swear, or take the Lord# Name In vain. Shall assuredly suffer for such offence, IS La shea
Item, What Boy soever addicts himself to Obscene Talking or foolish Jesting, shall Suffer for each such Transgression.
Item, What Boy soever absents himself from the Service of Almighty God on the Sabbath day, and spends that Day In a wicked man'er In playing & running about Shall receive 20 Lashes.
Item. Whosoever steals from or defrauds his School fellow of Ink, Pens, Paper, Quills, or any Other Thing
Shall certainly, when
Recipes for the Kitchen. ® hygiene and Other Notes 1 newspapers
• tor the Houiekwiwr. .	I. ,„,d
#a#aeae#e#e#e#e#e#*#e#e tolling how to circumvent them. Tic
up and label all articles and pack THE APPLE IN COOKERY. awav jn chests and drawers, putting
purpose
Count
at Sun Francisco on his way thither
loan which
#
was
is to arrange a secretly premised eby Great Britain
in order to “equalize the advan-
0f the Britiah-Japanese
w.	, A , . , ,nuH eo One thousand five hundred and
A similar, but fortunately loss m thirteon novels were published in
llii!
< robes haxo invaded the vaccine There are 150 persons wound with the result that a very p 00() injured by traffic accidents on serious illness has occurred where at tho streets of London each year, in folding men’s garments use t^0 most only a slight inconvenience ^ BOme 0f tho farming districts of great care to prevent wrinkles. Place Wtl8 to be looked for.	China pigs are harnessed to small
newspapers, folded flat the entire Smallpox Is such a h aiiu ( is< a <. Wllg0ns nn(j made to draw them, length of trousers and sleeves, and an(j vaccination, when proper v to 1	^ purig tho cab-driver is prohibit-
sr-t Trest MS=ayr™£Ss: 3,sr-sf"
aauce	-- best educated physicians when op- jured
Eti'S-H ~	a-. SSSs SEE.«EBB
-,,r.- z:z .............................................
«BBS
sugar ' Most apples will he better if of sunshine will color up the yellow ^ a 8ollrC0 o( great danger when tho British Empire-ton In Uritlsh UKa|n.
entered the first 10 or 15 minutes ; leaves and bring out new ones.	worn too long. A shield may be North America. seven in Australia, .-wen, that Is a former representative
thi9 keens the iuiro from evaporat- Chicken-pox and scarlet fever both worn for a dny or two, but not and two in South Africa.	who called the correspondent of the
ing. linked apples are better for | grcaUy affect the eyes of a pat ent, ,onger Then it should Ims replaced ^he metric system of weight# and leading paper In his district a liar. The
***iSS*
1	‘ theK season apples are grows clean. Quench thirst by the place to become perfectly dry be- the entire wheat and corn crop.	mnn t0 congress for anyway and final-
sometimes almost entirely larking in drinking all the hot water you can (ore the cotton Is applied.	The finest complexions in the world ,y came-to the conclusion that a repre-
(luvor In this case a few raisins or and wrap the bowels lightly in baud- I( t)l0 arm becomes inflamed, espc- are sn|d to be in the Bermudas. This gen)at|ve who could not get bis name the grated peel and the juice of a ages of hot flannel.	dally if matter is oozing front the |g accounted for by tho fact that the	could not be of much ac-
1 can on give a distinct taste : but An ideal bedroom is provided only sore_ it should be cleansed frequent- inhabitants live almost entirely on » Washington. It took 1,400 bal-
EUrsilrn sSPHi sSISim 6B53V 5 mam*
sxrsis •"* «srrjs s - F-F syrrs svasr. -ss	- - -
BBS i/m
EaHssTHB-r	tSKSSSSSsS
s as rMrass	t sssoJttsr - - -* sirs zzz
mm mmmm
Waste apples will fur- garden plants of kinds such us cu- stone thus detached has a weight f bpfaUKe of thc clouds of mosquitoes.
cumbers Is to plant them in the about six tons.	Fifty-five years ago a London firm
house in cups made by hollowing out	+	(>f solicitors advertised in the Times
large potatoes. Fill the potato shell Lordship—“Prisoner, you lmve for certain next of kin. A few days with rich earth. When thc weather ^ right of challenging any of the ago the missing heir answered the becomes warm enough set plant and v ^ you desire to do so.” Pris- advertisement and claimed his inher-
cup in the ground. The	oner—Right y’are,
decay in time to make i’oom for flght that
expanding roots.	bloke at thc end, if he'll step out-
A seed is a delicate thing. Think gide .,
stinct within it, that reaches and	* d . rei)airi.M	pod for three weeks by the ravages
towers."	- --------------- of two man-eating lions was so far	Co*fcl»E Fleh,
from being an exaggeration that it pQ|| haddock and codfish six minutes underestimated the actual truth. f nound; bass, salmon and hall-
ssmm e=i
to December. During that period about one hour nnd smn 1 ones t y twenty-eight of the Government's to thirty minutes. Broiling requires a Indian workmen, and it is believed quarter to half an hour, according o fully twice as many Africans, were ||ie glz* of the fish, very small epeci-devoured, and many others were |Ueng being finished In five to ten min-more or leas severely injured.
Tho terror inspired among the Indians warn so great that they flung	Tfce L#*t Straw,
themselves on the line in the track	gtugglna—My husband Is • per*
of advancing engine», so as to leave	crfl„k
the engineers no choice but to run	Buzefne-All husbands ere, my
over them or to transport them to 1
BBE.E £S“ Jssers-
Mr. Patterson, ono of the engineers are not as strong us those h s mot of tho line, describing tho panic that used to mnkel prevailed, says that the savage animals fda red nothing, neither fire, nor	** women Admitted.
weapons, nor the approach of thc Malwotchln, on the borders of Rns-white men. They would carry a man ‘ 0Dj c,tj |D ti,e world peo-
not look at goats or other animals wall of Kalkon and ent	‘
when human prey was to be had. |ia. All the Chinese of this bolder city
The natives that remained hung nre exclusively traders, their beds to trees, or placed them on the top of water-tanks, or whero-eve r they thought they would be out of roach of thc enemy. It was useless to supply the coolies with firearms, as they were not accustomed to their
nl-
a list of them on top Hang dresses,
smoothly on dress-hangers, then lino old sheet with newspapers, pinned basted on, and pin tightly around
tiwm nnd hang up
out in tho spring fresh us when hung
needs to ho treatment of
loges littnee. It
bablo that an informal promise
and will, coon
The average cook taught thc different
and sweet apples, although for
waists and skirts
is by no means nnpro-
to
sour
general all-round use in cooking, a sub-acid apple is the best choice where one cannot have several kinds. The sweet apple requires longer and
cooking ; it has more fiber cellulose, and keeps its form better than the acid fruit after cooking, resembling in this respect the quince. For this reason sweet apples are often used in quince preserve and to make it go further," as the economical woman says. It
thc strong flavor of tho
1
an
that effect was given or late,
which we have
Intelligible enough when
recall that, although Japan posting which England

or
killed nnd
be fulfilled. The words put in quotation
Thov will come
up
slower
marks are
or
we
*c ‘s the very lacks In tha Far East, to wit and efficient army, her
f
a
own
largo
financial resources are unequal to the maintenance of it in tho field foi a idcrable period. Thc Mikado has fear of the Czar, and would not shrink, apparently, from undertaking, single-handed, to bûi' him of Manchuria, provided hti could ob-
that the French
jams,—
dilutes
quince without materially changing the consistency or appearance of the
cons
no
out
Whatsoever, found out and detected, receive 9 Lash-
sour <>r
ea
tain tho guaranty fleet should not combine with
ami provided, i
the
on a
The Reporter’» Itereege.
“Do you see that man7“
And 1 observed a rather lonesome person wondering aimlessly about the capitol. Regrot was stamped upon hla face, and his whole attitude was that of a man who had tried and failed and who had no Intention of every trying
also, he
Russian,
could find means military forces and support
conduct of prolonged
operations. Tho British-Japanese alita face, provides thc
to mobilize his
them
the
during
1 lance, on
gar
gether
French interfrr-
gua umty against
but it says nothing about tHR
ence
loan which is almost equally neccs-if Japan is to confront cheer-
thc prospect of a From Japan’s point of view
•ary
fully
with
war
it must seem reasonable enough to seek from her ally thc pecuniary aid which Russia receives from France. That is why it seems likely that the telegram from Tokio concerning the which Count Matauknta has
Jon is well
Lute in
object
In view in visiting Loud
founded
how-
Tlierc is reason to believe,
that a change has come over
the British G overn-
ever
Cheap Living I* Mesleo.
the temper of
Bicnt and of British capitalists since so lavishly distributed loans
along their Contin-
“Mexican laboring men,” says a man who has been visiting In Mexico, "work for 12 certs • day. This may seem In-
they
and subsidies entai allies during the wars against French Republic and Empire. Before London bankers make a loan to Japan, they are likely to prove inquisitive touching her fiscal than Paris bunkers themselves with regard
the
more resources
have
to
eh o
Russia’» capacity to pay her debts W^ÊÊ limits, by the way^^g
even
There are to thc risks which Paris bankers are
willing to incur for the sake of pactiser \o that the
for we
triotism
latest Russian loan, amounting to than ninety million dollars, is
more
offered for France,
land
It is, perhaps, deuce that definite data on the subject were published the other day in tho London Morning Post.
in
subscription, not but in Germany and Uol-As for the solvency of Japan.
a calculated coinci-
Captared Bis
glass partitions. A St. Louis paper i that during a session of the school of the teachers was much annoyed by loud talking In on adjoining room.
At last, unable to bear it any longer, he mounted a chair and looked over the partition. Seeing that one boy who little taller than the others was talking a great deal, he leaned over, hoisted him over the partition and banged him Into a chair in bis room, the Uganda Railway saying, "Now be quiet!”
Stopped for Three Weeks.	^ quarter of ou hour Inter a small
head appeared round the door, and a meek, scared little voice said:	,
•‘Please, sir. you’ve got our teacher.”
even
jelly from it nish a half dozen glasses at a time
with little work and give a article for thc table in preference to turnips and glucose of commercial jellies.
In fact, tho apple is a most adapt-
in cookery. Its poscible extend from salad to desert ; it with thc cereal at break-
•avH
one
pure
the
itanco
Assuming that the silver yen is worth fifty cents in gold, wo that Japan’s revenue is now $135,000,000, and that thc present expenditure is slightly less. The public debt is $260,000,000, which pays
interest of 4 per cent. The
610,000 men, peace footing $20,000,-nnd the navy rather
Httle black-whiskered
able fruit
was a
find
uses
MAN-EATING LIONS
comes on
fast and with the roast at dinner. In the sick room the invalid is refreshed with apple tea, and in early convalescence is allowed a baked apple.
Any skilled cook who understands principles and combinations evolve a long succession of desserts
more than $10,000,000. Thc reserve | %%	sUrchof rice', tapioc"!
held by the Treasury aggregates, corn flour nnd similar preparations, $115 000,000 in cash or in gold aiso with eggs, milk or cream, and
to»* w- y r r
for an issue of bank notes to an j ^	gelatine in fancy molds
equal amount. This statement is Lnd garnishes is also large. Fro-entisfactory so far as it goes, but it ! bably the worst way to cook apples
«...**«- «¦»	: if® or £.??» JS
cannot be largely increased. 11 undercrUst. would seem to follow that, while Thc pi0 that comes to tho modern Japan may be regarded as able to dinner table is a different afiair from
for a large loan is questionable. So An new dishes fade, the newest oft email, however, is the pay given to j the fleetest ;
Japanese soldiers, and so thrifty is | Of all
the management of the Quartcrmas- ¦ Thig 9Qf c0Jrse means a freshly bak-ter and Commissary departments, | cd jujcy pic, seasoned mildly and
$100,000.000 at 4 per cent, j with a light, flaky crust. The apple
pie deteriorates with keeping. Serve it fresh and not quite cold. It well to make it sometiim-s without of Russian administrators, when tQp crust> cover with a meringue
the pinch comes, if not now, Japan with whipped cream. Give it the
s rss. —z SSJF
will be strictly graduated to her guJt will show that the apple
debt-paying capacity.	spends to this treatment. In fact, is
there another fruit that can be treated so abominably by cooks and yet furnish something eatable ?.
1
Work on
an
average
army, comprising costs on a
on
can
000 a year,
onjenje
X/fenze.
;#
utes.
now	w
in<X it) mas AWHOû,
orvpcte wmf
ntnxxi? af
•tfoRsao
xjmhWiqax
IT Ml^HT fwcart
AtoVJAy
yet vaatt’VMOîui

, thc apple’s

that
would probably ho made far as double that sum in the hands
to go as
is
mMETOTTAOPAlNf old cocnrtsx nnj<
«
or
i
4
1X5-
9
k,
re-
Gleoray Eve* Then.
Hook—BJoncs Is the most melancholy fellow I know.
Nye-Tbnfe right He proposed to » use	. girl once by asking her how she would
The lions survived many attempts [ like to be his widow, to destroy	were eventually
shot by Mr. Patterson. They were about four feet high and nearly nine feet long.
WINE FOR HORSES
WINTER CLOTHING
BUliiSI
¦zine, but have no fire near if use thc latter. If benzine is used it must be used out of doors, not in the house. Do not leave any dirty I'd like to know," exclaimed the spots, for they arc what moths re-
why I ought to feel vel In.
outcome of the Blankets, if soiled, should he washed In suds as hot ns you can bear your hands in, made with a good
with borax or
K
with
A Oeeê Prerlier.
«te your husband a good provider?”
srs>
new places to wash last week
the usual quantity for the amount of work.
you
Doctor (who has bedn sent for at
gÉÉsÉgaÉÊkgÈ^gnsgs send
, if you want
2 a m.)—“Madam, pray for the clergyman, andj to make your will, for the lawyer. Madam (horrified)—"Good gracious ; is It so dangerous, doctor ?" Doc-Not a bit of it ; but I don't want to be the only one who has been disturbed in his sleep for thing.”

4 «
enraged client,___
jubilant over the ease ?" "Didn’t we obtain a verdict for $10,000 ?” the lawyer nsk-Yes; but you got about ail of
it What good does it do SB# *"
•vMv dear air, the other fellow feels the same temperature, wring Hat
lust as bad as if every penny of it through a wringer, hang on tho line
Rare going Into your pocket."	land shake and snap often while dry-
Hle Sebewe.
Friend-Why do you wear those fearfully old fashioned collars?
Winkers (a man of affairs)-Beenuse when the washerwoman sew* them to
anybody else the; send tb*ia bo ek. e
# #
tor-
laundry soap, and ammonia In it. Rinse in water of
ed
###PAGE###7###

, <



w l#g7



I

Jr, r «r V'£ï* c1 «^:^*********-*-**
she intends honoring mo with a few Billings ?”
Daisy laughed—ft rippling, musical laugh that charmed Mr. Kerne,
"No,” she said, gayly that Kate never Intended my face to bo hung side by wide with the Ladies Lisle "
in after years they both remember-1	—-f—••• r•••» *'•••*
ed these careless words.
The time was arranged for the
| Any branch of farming which in-•*\Nc must hurry home, said Mr*. creuRee tho general fertility of (ho Wyverne, then. ‘There will be bait** farm land while paying a living pro-ly time to dress for dinner, ami * , fit is worth more than another which expect Lord Lisle. Not one word of steadily decreases the productivity the picture to him, remember ; it of thp * soil Robbing the land will be a charming surprise.	make present profit is an umvlse in-
Lord Lisle thought his beautiful vestment. Sooner or later we pay fiancee looked pale and fired. 11o | for r nn(] sometimes dearly. Now. was kinder and more affectionate to her in Ids manner than lie hud been before.
feeding mid amount of feed should be strictly observed.
Another matter that is apt to be overlooked Is that of regular ever-else. A large paddock should be provided where the colt can lie turned out daily. Jf more than one is kept, it is safest to turn but one out at a time, especially in cold weather., Exercise toughens their muscles, promotes digestion, produces un appetite, purifies the blood and fortifies the system against disease.

AO TES A AD CO HUE ATS
t
for farmers !
*

According to a telegram from Fokin; the long-pending treaty in relation to Manchuria linn at last been
signed by the representative* of Hua- •
Nia and China. Let iih nee Just what # tills agreement signifies in it* ultimate form, end why the St. Petersburg Cover ament, after long delay and with much reluctance, has consented to it. The principal features of the treaty are the following : In the first place, Ruseia agree* to withdraw from Manchuria within mix months after the signing of the treaty, all her troops with the exception of a few needed the railway which connect* Tranm-Siberinn front-line with the now port of Dalny in the Lino Tung Peninsula. As regards the port of Newchwang in particular, Russia covenants to evacuate it as soon ns the foreign	troops now occupying
Tientsin make over that place to the Chinese We may note in passing that the delay in the surrender of Tientsin is due to the Germane, who insist that the Chinese have thus ftir failed to fulfil certain obligations touching the free navigation of the Pei Ho. In the third place, Russia promises to deliver to the Chinese the railway	running from Now-
eliwung to Shauhaikwan as soon a% the British shall have placed the Chinese authorities in control of the railway from Shauhaikwan to Tientsin and Pekin. In the fourth place, while Russia maintains tlie right to maintain order on the branch of the Siberian railway which traverse* Manchuria, all of the exclusive industrial mining and banking privileges in that region, which for a long time, she demanded, are now withheld from her. hi a word, if the treaty had been shaped by re- my presentotives of the United State», Great Britain and Japan, it could scarcely have l>een improved from their point of view.
2 The Fatal Dower
Seasonable and Profitable t hints for the Busy Tillers + of the Soil
X think
?
*
OR
THE DESTRUCTION OF A PROUD SPIRIT.
1NCKKA6I NO FE11TJ LIT Y
THE pigs.
A ration, consisting of wheat and oats, half and half, is an ideal rtv* . lion for growing pigs.
If one hog in the hunch is abusing the rest put him by himself or druse him off.
...	,	,, ,	.	, ,	.	| Do vou observe how much butter
dairying, of all branchy of forming ,hoi,re,I «wine feed and take on
came In sweet with perfume There them up to a point where their val- .	.,	. ilt tl) vat
=5## =mmm wmmâz
fui under tins softened aspect than | their property. There should first lie coœhination of the following
i, .	.	.	. , i. i° rpKll,ur rotation of mirli 'rops ns Sieved ground oats, ground wheat,
Why did She look end nml thought- corn, oats, ,-lover and timothy two ro wheol middlings, oil meal, mix ul-,us iinrles darling child ? Could years and	to ft lhick slop with skim-milk If
It he tin, she had noticed the cold- PASTURE ANOTHER YEAR. you haxe it. We would not advise
BüiiHEi =
u care should be (aken not to have the one-littcr system and you
af- make more money. We believe, how*
She said nothing of the
O”
SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING j relative*
CHAPTERS.—Margaret Howard, on j distance between them, but ¦ ¦ the eve of departure to join hcr ne- word betrayed how great she felt it crctly married hu*band, leaves her I to be child with Susan River* and 1* drowned at sea. Susan rear* ¦
to protect child, Daisy, os WÊÊÊKÊ	JH
66	«h» Her daughter, Margaret, alone knows j post-office
Daisy * secret. Lord Lisle t>ccks hi* that it might be the last she child, and Margaret, taking Daisy's ever to write to him birthright, announces herself him Mr*. Wyverne came to her dressing daughter. She falls in love with his room almost immediately afterward, nephew, Philip. Daisy, Lord Lisle's I "Daisy tells me that you arc bet-true daughter, *olns her foster-sis- ter, ray dear, and that you have ter, and captivates Philip, who Lord j been out. 1 want to speak to you Lisle, on hi* death-bed, make* pro- j very seriously. Can you spare me a mise to merry Rita.	bscoines | few inimités
Lord Lisle ; asks her to marry him Ralph Ashton, to whom she is cn- |sho replied gaged, writes her a letter
I
j The letter written she would not the Intrust it to anyone. With her own her own, and dies. | hands «he carried it to the nearest
wishing, an she did so,
WHH
l
r
My time in all at your service,
and tin* elder lady sat upon tho luxurious little couch.
"Your wedding is to take place in the autumn,” said Mrs. Wyvernc. ”1 assure you, my dear, the time is
*on her face
a
CHAPTT7K XVIII
he had ever done before
Rita"—so the letter ran—"I must
darling 1 No matter short enough for all we have to do.
1 must sec you ! I | Lady Hammond has been hero this
and she tells me that
see you, my what happens returned to England since—1 went straight Newt, hoping, believing, youHHB
be there to welcome me and redeem |says they are more superb than any-
saw. I have been as 1 Intend to give we cannot do better
some weeks I morning to Rooks' Messrs. Storr & Mortimer have some
She
would magnificent pearls and rubies
your promise. Heaven grant you thing she ever may never feel the grief and anguish thinking that, that fell upon me when 1 heard that you jewelery, vou, mv darling—my promised wife— than drive there at had left, never to return In the they please, you can select what you
eShS,! ::	- - - - -............- -
nnme or address. To m.v passionate I Mrs. Wyverne wondered why tliej ..	'	the «lock, weed out the poorest of
pleading mid prayers she gave no beautiful face looked so strangely ....	.	.	, eve the herd, and keep only ns many as
heed. In despair that knows no white and sad.	• L, ,	" he said "It l% „%s farm can support, and leave a
words I sought for you. There is "Daisy Is going with us." she con- «	, t_vou are ,,„like liul<! ""'""thing me, Do not farm
little need to tell you I he clue by! tinned. "I asked her purposely ; she	¦	shu|1 ,	to up to the very limits of the soil,
which I discovered mv lost darling— has exquisite taste in all such mat- J ' ,	That is, do not take off each year
wife that is to be. The world ters. The carriage will be round in >ou	,,	quite all that the land will produce. • we have more time during the win-
may call you 'Miss Lisle' ; you may ten minutes. Will you hasten to *	|jk’ Leave a little balance in the bank ter than at any other time of the
be u brilliant belle, a wealthy heir- dress ?”	j g	'	as a nucleus for future accumulation, j year to look after t he pigs, and
ess—no matter, you arc mine, sworn The sun shone brightly, and the	!	:	footstool As one *ll<*eed* in the farming sue-j these fall farrowed pTgs go to mar-
to me by the most solemn vow a streets were crowded with Keyly-[ ^	'	,	,	cessfully with twenty acres, keeping ket the following summer at six to
woman could take. Had such for- dressed people ; yet on Rita's heart r1™	, .	,	a herd of cows on it so that they | nine months old when pork is scarce*
tune come to me, were I to be made there seemed to linger a heavy He	to HRa as he \nv uoc have aniJ,ie to eut and a )jttle fiUr„
a king to-morrow, it would not mat- [weight of dread and presentiment. do 16	‘	‘ ,l 1	*Plus over, more land can be brought
I should value all because you'All pleasure was spoiled by the mis- should be togefh^r, sin g	under cultivation and the stock in-
Rita, these three vears. I have come	thought their companion	silent and [	ofJ*11	hi» hopes loi	nvi. ^	.	that, and devote the attention
to claim vou. I know you are true	dull.	[	Shc	listened, and	yielded	to	me	strenuous cultivation of the remain-	country	squire: Tbe	old	gentleman frète me and waiting for me. No fear	Ah.	me	! the	gorgeous jewels ,	tdiarm. Something^	would	happen.	der A liU|e radical change	like	quently	dined with	his	country nelgh-
nssails me. Perhaps those proud	spread	out	More	her !	Diamonds !	Ralph	dare not persecute her ;	c	thjs wj,, Work wonders on many	a I bars and drove home,	often several
relations of yours may want some that were as living jets of flame ; | would withdraw his claim and ea e ruil_doWn favm	miles, late at night. Once, after din-
preparation before seeing one who is! rubles glowing like hearts of fire ; \her 1,1 .peuc®* ' or,1 , , , ! ! , . ...	- | log heavily, he fell asleep and did not
teips irps m.............................................................................................
she dressed for the ball. I hrough ed the shining jewels what deadly	ft compartment is placed a disc, and tjon	thaM t()	fv0(, onc kil)(, of tfrttjn
the rest of that summer night Rita thoughts of hatred were passing	as cach js occupied a number is plac-,	,	:	,v	mixcd feed is more	the	night In his own coachhouse, and
lay in deep, conscious thought, through her heart. Mrs. VVyverne ed on lhe (1$sc and a counterfoil is palatable and more digestible than the two clever servants kept tbeir own There was no rest and no sleep for gave lier carte-blanche, and Rit;i jUU)dc(| to the passenger by the < other	I counsel—and their places.—Manchester
her: She must answer the letter, selected rubles and pearls that a	.,uur(Ji rv a recent judicial de-	,	.... , ,	Thnptl
There was no alternative. But see princess might have envied. She	cisjon no passenger can claim a seat	1 cw farmers	arc Wll,ing to nt(oltl
him she would not, unless she was chose tho most gorgeous settings ;	by placing (>t>jects upon it.
obliged to do so.	and Daisy smiled as she thought
She dare not ring for her maid at how well these rare jewels would an earlier hour than usual, lest some become her sister's queenly beauty, suspicion might be aroused. Rut You will have tho finest jewels in when Thcrese did come sdic looked London. Rita with surprise at her lady's pale face and shadowed eyes.
When nearly dressed, Rita turned suddenly, os though the thought had only just occurred to her.
"Did you place that note upon my toilet table last evening. Thcrese ?” she asked.
The young ghl's face flushed slight-
Jf you hove a suitable pig pen i#
once ; and if
will
raising hogs to suit the building, and more will make tlie building suitable for the hogs.
Of special advantage is the two* litter system to the dairy farmer, who has a constant supply of dairy waste that must lx; utilized. Further
Moat Have Been Asleep.
Mr. W. P. Firth, the artist, once re-
The fact just mentioned Indicates the sources of the pressure to which Russia has submitted. The British-Japnnesc Treaty was a warning that the Mikado would not be left to cOY»e unaided with the Czar and his French ally. Even after that was made known, however, the respon-sixe joint note issued by France and Russia signified that the two last-named powers had by no means made up their minds that they Would not try conclusions with the British-Japanese combination
a definite decision Jj ihat point, it became a matter of vital moment to ascertain from the
ter
la ted this anecdote of a picture col-to lector of his acquaintance, an Irascible


Some time later, while enjoying a late supper, the butler inquired his master’s whereabouts. Was he spending the night out? A brief dismayed colloquy ensued, but they divined the
Be-
fore arriving at
on
the
United States, which occupy in Philippines a position of commanding strategical importance, whether in the event of a war between t^ro coalitions in the Far East, that Government would preserve a strict
or would look with a
the
neutrality friendly eyo on the determination
ushered him in.
“Bless my soul, I must have been asleep!” he muttered drowsily as bo stumbled up the steps, but he never guessed that he had spent a part of
of tho British and the Japanese to
door in Man-
nmintain the open churin, and to uphold the political control of that territory by China.
wns returned by the United States to the urgent inquiries on the subject addressed to it by the Russian Ambassador Washington is not yet definitely
known. The tenor
inferred from the fact that
What answer
the proper value to wheat bran. They imagine because it is so light it has but little feed value. Its greatest value
at
A Badly Timed Bath.
In his biography of Cecil Rhodes, is in combination Howard Hensman tells the following One has heard a good many uneoiti- with other feeds. It is laxative and story: “Rhodes, it seems, then premier
New aids in digestion. Its practical value of Cape Colony, was to open an cx-
RULES FOR POLICEMEN
of it, however
may be
Russia's representative in Pekin was
Instructed to sign
8iiid Mrs. Wyveme, plimentary things about the
Ah they drove away. "And now. if York police, but nothing could give is greater than its scientific value. I tension of the Cape Town Suburban you have still time to spare, I should us a more vivid notion of their for- Oil meal is very rich in protoéfl, and railway, and many conspicuous per-liko to call upon Mr. Feme 1 mcr state than the new regulations j while rather expensive, a little can nonages were present on the occasion.
Mrs., Wv vente smiled.	that "barbers must be patronized at milk is an excellent feed, especially lot a tea.
"I have said nothing to you about regular intervals, and water is not while the colt is young It some- "Everything wns In renditions for the it,” she continued. 1 want your to he considered a luxury !"	times happens that the dam clous not opening ceremony, when suddenly it
picture as a surprise to Philip	—— — ¦ a - -	give a sufficient quantity oi milk, was noticed that the central figure.
Every Lady Lisle hangs in the great j	NOW HE WON’T.	j In such cases nature’s supply should Rhodes, was missing. There was some
Jones i: just married.”	be supplemented with skimmilk, at little consternation at this, and messen-
Ha ! ha I That’s a good joke on least until the colt is old enough t6 gere were sent In all directions to find
eat readily Its first grain should l>e b|m Presently the prime minister was ground and fed where it can eat at	¦¦	¦ ¦
leisure without interference from the
the
last week Manchurian convention in the form
dictated to China by
practically
Great Britain and Japan. It would that in this matter Russia and lune suffered a serious dipto-
•IV
seem France Bin tic defeat

iy
"I hope it was not wrong, Miss J.isle,” she said.
"Wrong ?" said Rita. "Certainly gallery ; you lune a double right to Why should it be ? The thing be there, as a daughter of one lord
and wife of another. I consider Mr. !
Feme the finest artist in England. !
If you are willing, 1 should like him to commence your portrait at once."
I can have no possible objection",
“The person who gave it to me said Rita. "On the contrary, I like j said it was of the greatest import- Mr. Feme’s pictures, and shall be a lice, lie asked me to place it there much pleased to sit for him.”	j
that you might see it."
“1 do not blame you this time said Miss Lisle
take the same liberty again. Thcrese. ter, the young Countess of l:\ei
If—if that person should ever ask sham ; Sir llarry Hulme, and Cai>- jpj-anq a’ij-joo ,qt six you to give me another letter, pray tain Lionel Verne, the son of the tell him the post-office is the proper bravest and finest officers channel for begging letters of all English army, kinds
A SEVERE SHOCK
Did the coroner's jury ascertain
Howersox's sudden
not
is, I do not understand that kind of
received tiling, and should much prefer letters
being sent to me through the post. How came you to do it ?" she continued.
what caused
death ?"
• • Yes>; it appears that he a plumber’s bill in mail."
J ones
espied calmly enjoying a bath In the blue waters, totally oblivious of the fact that lie was keeping every one
"A good joke ?"
"Yes; he's always boasted of being independent.”
his morning
, dam.
After the first tow weeks of its life, it can easily be left in the stable waiting. At length the situation seem-
during the day and both marc and ed to dawn upon him. and, hnetlly get-foal lie better contented. As soon as ting Into Ills clothes, with the sea wait begins to eat, a little clover hay ter dripping from his hair, he declared should be given An animal should the line open for traffic, maintaining
never have more fond tl
“But surely that did not kill him?
"That wasn't it, but about the plumber himself called and said there was nil overcharge in the bill that ho wished to .correct."
CASEY'S TRUISM
noon
Bjuuici aotosrw
They found several visitors of rank Axo.ih «siufl )0| iuh-üd oX ‘sXwp and note at the studio. Lady Ttolfe, etnqi jaq^VAx OAoqw pvaq o.idA daa% hut remember never with her pretty, fashionable da ugh- 03	oX j[ "}oqt «IX,,,—Ansso
-, Ao ) .laqwjl 'nu-.imn ,qi	eat clean before
}uudf[ given. Regularity both in time
*
1
•4
the while a perfectly serious and com-the next feed is ,)oged face„
THE HEMEDY
declared Gazzum, as he
You'll
"No, sir
warmed up to never be happy so long as you arc in
debt. Pay your debts, Sway back
pay your debts "
"But I have
Swaybnck.
"Then borrow it
the subject
in the
Dr.Chase in the Lumber Camp
Rita saw at one glance how she Thcrese thought,, herself only too had risen in popular favor. Lady fortunate to escape any further an- ; Kversham, the most fastidious and gcr from her imperious young mis- exclusive of belles, hastened forward tress. She said nothing of the hand- to address her. The gallant captain some, haggard face and imploring impatiently awaited his turn, and eyes, or the gold which found its Sir Harry llulme was busy composway from Ralph’s open hand to her j lug some original compliment.
They withdrew at length, aftefc Rita did not go down to break- many protestations of delight at the fast. She shrunk from the ordeal of unexpected meeting, and assurances hearing remarks and comments oxer from Lady Evershain that she should her pale face. She ordered some tea look forward with delight to the to be brought to her, resolving be- friendship of Miss Lisle, fore anything else to answer Ralph's The artist, Mr. Feme, had leisure
r a wnm OPINION	letter.	Ahen to spenk lîe listened to Mrs.
,	She composed a cleverly-worded , Wyv-erne's Ideas about* the picture ;
"What do you think of this new reply. There was not one word his keen, artistic eye drinking In, ns photograph of Amy and myself tak- which could In any way compromise it were, the magnificent beauty of together ?" asked Miss Gold- her. She said nothing of welcome. Miss Lisle and the delicate loveliness thorpe.	nothing of loxe. She never	named	of her sister.
Your	sister	takes	a	really hand- constancy, but she appealed	to his	Seeing how	much	Feme	admired
Miss Sterling- generosity
worth, after	an	inspection.	with difficulties,” she said
-------+—--------- he be generous and wffit—not press	slightly jealous.	He	seemed	to	pass
"This suspense is awful," ns the for nn interview that would cause her oxer and concentrate his ntten-horse thief said when they hung him her to run the serious risk of dis- tion on the fair, spiritual face and by the heels to a tree.	pWasii^T her newly-found friends and \Vender eyes of her foster-sister.
said
no money
The Exposure and Hardships of Camp Life Bring on Kidney Disease, Backache and Rheumatism
The Lumberman's Favorite Remedy Is Br. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills.
VAGUE PLEASANTRY.
Collector—"Can’t you give me any encouragement at all about this old account ?"
Mr. Go-Easy—"Why, yes, of course 1 will pay you as soon as I pay anybody.u
Chase's Kidney-Lix'er Exposure to cold,
pocket
It is to the teamsters, formers, railroaders, lumbermen above *J1 others that Dr Fills prove their marvellous control over kidney disease, backache and accompanying ills	0 I
dampness sudden change of temperature and the strain and jar of active» vigorous life, frequently Bring on derangements of the kidneys,, boweto ami bladder,, and cnmwqumt pains and aches in back and limbs.
Mr. John Orr. lumberman., Trenton. Ont , stnUns—"Through exposure t» all sorts of weather in the lumber camp, and as a result of the strain of my work,. I became a sufferer firam kidney disease, which in my case took the form of very severe paihs across kite Aadk. oven the kidneys and dawn the hips.. When in the woods cutting down trees these pmhe would coma on. me with such force that T would Haws to g « up work and return to camp, entirely used up..	,	, r.	.	.	, . . ,	.
“Finding that a number of the boys in. camp used 1%. Chose r Hidney^Liver Pills, I decided to try them, and	did	so with splendid results,	os they» thoroughly cased me.. I	ffefil like	my oM	self again, and taa work
just	us	good ns the next one.	1 am grateful for this cure,, and	honestly	believe	that Br^ those s Kidney-
Liver PlUs are the greatest medldhe there is for kidtoey disease "	wl_
Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills bare by far the largest sale in Canada of any similar préparatif* I hey have	proxon their right to a place in every home as the most thoroughly	reliable	medicine that science has
Tliev are prompt and	natural in action, ojid regulate	and Invigorate	the kidneys.	and
bowels as no other medicine was ever known to do. You can scarcely meet a person but can tell you of remarkable cures brought about by this treatment. On# pill a dose. 25 cents a box, at all dealer#, or W
Hums**» iot.i Toronto.
»
en
was surrounded ' Daisy, Mrs. Wyverne introduced her ¦¦¦tYould to him. For Uie first time Rita was
She
some
dexised
###PAGE###8###






Your Horse needs a Shoe.
E. HODCINS & SON'S ADVT.
New Straw Goods.
For Spring we have a splendid range of Ladies’ Sailor Hats. Latest shapes and best goods in town. Price from 40c. to
$1.26. See them before buying.
New Dress tyuslins.
Our new Muslins are real beauties. Latest patterns, newest shades at moderate prices.
HOLD UP
When he does you do not bring him to us, but
to a Blacksmith, because that is his business and
Uvl confident of getting satisfaction. "When you require a pair of
you
tt miaul# and read this, if your c lothes are beginning to approach a condition of innocuous desuetude* which will make
Xtf, ft Ml ^ gK
if necessary todiHoard them. We want.
your patronage—not for one time only, but permanently. If we can get the former we are certain to secure the latter. Why f Our stock is so largo we wil' have the kind you want. By selling so many Suita it enables us to sell so cheap. Our Ml and workmanship are all right.
BOOTS and SHOES
why not come here for them ? We make a special study
of the Boot and Shoe business, and feel confident that we can
anywhere else.
Give us a trial and judge by the results.
give you better satisfaction than you can get
0
A. R. McGUIRE,
The Tailor.
>
The Boot & Shoe Man.
The Barondale Veterinary IVJedicines.
Embroideries.
Opening 5th IV|ay.
IS
V

r

Our stock of Embroideries is the largest and best ever displayed in Shawville and we invite special attention to these goods.

Before Using
After Using
Now is the time to purchase a box of the Barondale Condition Powders
sEilsiliSiSSlgP
'Wmassem
hors«.s~ who after driving him eonsldrral.lv, on n warm dâv. failed ' of «I defective w md.	^ our^ truly.
For Nile at—
THE EXCLUSIVE DRY GOODS
A Real Bargain in Little Boys’ Clothes.
We have a large line of Boys
Two-Piece Suits which we
offer at cost for the next two weeks.
STORE
j litige* ol , ....... to see the least
du*IN BURKE, Ottawa.
Opposite Pontiac House.
%
COME AND SEE US.
0 Meara Bros', Bryson ;
T & D. Rousseau's, Campbells Bay ; J. E. Cahill’s, Calumet Island ;
Wm. Moore s, Otter Lake ;
J. F. Crcrau's, Ladysmith. 5 las Young s, Starts Corners.
Drug Store, Shawville ;
W. H. Lucas’, Caldwell.
troops massed, and Japan is a’eo ready, j ln the course of the interview the editor Regular meeting uf the Municipal	Both the Russians and Japanese
Council of the Municipality of Shu w ville, ? war. &a ^evitable. The Anglo-
held on Monday the 21st day of April, ,;*Panf^ alliance will prubibly have the 1002.	‘	'dect of delaying tha recurrence, but the
Present : Mr Mayor Arthur Smiley :1 tten^ vî opinion is that it must come Councillors: J A Cowan, Geo Hynes, 1 soo.ntr or ,8t8r‘ The Japant-sa are pre-J H Shaw, J A Smith, W J Eudes. Itann*' ^ W4U as the Russians and they Minutes uf special session held on I are rc?_ ^ h*attle «»t a moment’s notice. i hey have spies dressed as Chinese going through Manchuria and Siberia and hive charges of dynamite ready to blow
up the Russian railway audits bridges at a given signal. ”
ShawviHe Council.
T. W. Wilson & Go.
E. HODGINS & SON.
March 19th, 1902; also eial session held
read, and on motion of Coun Shaw, by Conn Eades were adopted..
Moved l>y Coun Smith, cec by Coun Hynes, that the list of Parliamentary,	___
SSrü'SÏSJZ	****** FJ1““ Canada.
Burroughs, James Duncan, Lewis Hod-15,000 to go tj g ns George T Hodgins, Samuel C Me
Dowell, Moses McCord, William Story, Montreal, April 24-A parly of one Sdas îoung, Samuel Burrows and hundred and tifty French-Cansd.ans who John Burrows, ——	.	have been expatriated fur some years in
Dowell, James Scubie, Robert Little, missionary in the West and has been in
#### Pasture for Cattle.
dell. Rev A A Ireland, Scully.- will return from New Eoglsnd to the
( aMied'i in P i	i	Canadian West this'season.
Moved by ( oun Eades, sec by Coun	—	___
Steamb0at
tendance and supp ies for Mr Wilson .	_ I  -—----——-— ----- O. N. & W. RAILWAY.
gf fesssil =5=55
Moved by Loun Cowan, sec by Coun either burnt to death or drowned, but as aro8e aa to « division of this money.
. V^J £“at th** Secretary write the Pro- the steamer’s register was also destroyed I ^:e ^am^y discussed the matter and as a vint’Ml t-cretary for a set of Codes in and the survivors have become scattered result documents were signed yesterday Train No. 1 leaves Ottawa. Ont., 3.30 p m
ssppsg r :====
John Elliott, and see what can be	__ _ I This ends a most interesting c»se which The above trains are daily except Sunday.
tenstz mrjss?	c°i =-»•-• isrsesiars, % -yœsaw-œr i -
ilynes, that the Secretary procure a rities and ammunition into the hinds of I closed resulted.	P. W. RESSEMAN*
Minute Book, Blotter, By-Law Book and 8C^eo1 >J,,ya of 14 and upwards is an ex-1	C#»r» Pace a „an«
Letter Kyles for this Council.—Carried, ceedingly good one. Boys learn the art1	--*- J	Agent
The Council adjourned.	to shoot very rapidly, and, once acquired,
the knowledge of shooting is never lost.
Col. Hughes’s plan would make Canada ! MANY small farmers a nation of sharps ho iters, able to hold
ti.j .	. j. OR .	.,	their own against any army which could
r,r'Z itüter...................... u“-1
Of Daya^Oon. By.
n r
,	iSKSi.iTfZsblsrS^Ewrythmg Guaranteed as Represented
ÆKïiVïC2: ::ts;r£cf * %%	Sr =	or Money refunded.
-______ ."y —A«ent tar ^Celebrated Jas. Boss Filled Cose.
rsir x x r*::d 8”tu-iüL*« Sa .Lrzra
JS&VS. îksxïï: "IL1; ¦—	;.trp z“ ;g tr t;
aboa*r, enormou» prepetition, .re beinp	_ rnd	fif,t **1 ~ Al,tl1 'here qaickl/ Uksn by the "nodder” sod there
f^arz •SitïrJ; I „S;0:;s±-x	1 r„- ^	| EBHr™—-
Terms : Cash or Trade.
minutes of spe* n April 4th, HKfJ. ^
sec
Selling Out I
P. S. CHOICE FAMILY GROCERIES.
SOUTHWEST THIS YEAH.
NOTICE.
I
Thoroughbred Ayrmhiee Bull, registered No. 14106. Best animal of the breed in the County. Service fee $1.00.	I rrw
T1 f	THEODORE HODGINS, ' "==
P. S.—For sale.	Shawville.
Corne in for Bargains
in all lines.
Everything Must Go !
We Mean Business !
tuwwi
V
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
-AND-
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION f(YS.
Time Card.
Goodpasture, well supplied with water
A. W. DAHMS.
Thorne Centre.
at
ARMSTRONG BROS
M
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
LADYSMITH.
Agency
C.A.R.
Here’s a Pointer
Macleod District Filling.
HONG KEE,
If you want to buy anything in the Watch, Clock or Jewellery line call
ARE FLOCKING TO SOUTHERN ALBERTA.
No Rowdies Need Apply.
on
0 LESE LVLDRÏ,
WHYTE.

Next door to Mis* A. McRaes,
If you have anything in the Watch,
Clock or Jewellery line that needs repairing bring it to . . .
Laundry work of all kinds done in first-class style.
arc
WHYTE.
Japan Laying tor Russia.
Whyte The Watchmaker,
Opposite Pontiac Ijouse, Sfjawville.
I
t
• •> **

