###PAGE###1###
F 1	\





K



#4
V*'-
nr


te
2T'
/
k

*/. * »
V"
x *
No. 51. 19th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
THURSDAY, JUNE 5, 1902
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
FIRST-CLASS
Il K h k’h A Snap-Pear*. 10c. a tin; pine apple., two tin* for a quarter ; canned bee ta» two for a quarter ; ward Inca, 5 cents a tin; peanut* 10 conta a pound-At the Palace Grocery
Apprbmtus Wanted
Head Office : .
Capital paid lip
OTTAWA, CANADA.
.........12.000,000
. . ....	1,765,000
Important Clearing out Sale of
OF CANADA.
ONLY
Kelt
Board of Directors;
Charles Maobe, Ekq., President. IPADÎTA!
Gsoroi Hay, esq.,Vice-President.	VArl 1AL - •
I RESERVE fund,
Head Office, • Montreal.
30 Cents per ROD.
¦¦ I	¦ ¦ I I I II A «mart boy
-	$6,000,000. "
-	2,600,000.	S2îs
finish go to Imiaon'H Photo Studio.
DRY GOODS - CLOTHING
for «aie by
THE ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., Limited,
PICTON, ONT.
OEOROI BURN, D. M. FINME
General Manager .. .. Manager
At the Palace Grocery-Pease, Corn and Tomatoeft—10c. a tin; or 3 tins for 25e. or $1.20 a dozen. Peaches 20c. a tIn.
THE NEW CROERY
Branches
IN ONTARIO
Keewatln,
KemptTille,
MatUirt,
Ottawa,
do
«.AWHILE BEAKCH,
Money loaned on approved security at tune ad. Inalde page. For Bale by reasonable rates.	**• Hodgtne, ehawvllle.
Farmers note# bought and collected.	Sticks Red Jacket Gum-two sticks
Mok.7 tr. inferred to .11 part, of the world. îoï Sy^Vi^nda^^k^PurityLi
RAVINGS bank.	rice two for a cent, at the Palace Grocery
A choice stock of picture frame mould Account# opened for amount# of one do]-1 ingsnt Imilon’a Stndio.
lare and upwards and Interest allowed
Office Hour»
Raturdath .
Alexandria, Arnprior, Aronmore, Bracebrldge
Carleton .
(’olxlen I Hawkeebury,
Lanark, ram bound, Pembroke,
-AND
Ilat Portage, Wi nr heater,
do Bank 8t. Renfrew Place, do Rideau8t. Toronto,
do Somerset St. Winchester, Vankletk Hill, Smith's Falls.
$5,000 worth of Goods to be mold at wholesale prices—many lines under cost price.
MEAT SHOP.
two
co- (Corner Main and Ptekanock Sts.)
IN MANITOBA
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
Portage La Prairie
IN QUEBEC :
,	Hull,
Bhawinigan
Agents in Canada, New York and Chicago— Rank of Montreal.
Agents In St Paul - Merchant» Nat Bank:
Agent# in London, Eng.—Farr's Bank Ltd.
Having secured a new and fresh stock Cabbage ami other fresh vegetable# to I of GROCERIES people can rely on get-be bud fit the Palace Grocery,	I ting a good article. Intending buyer*
would do well to come and inspect our stock.
Montreal
Lack ut*
Having decided to sell out our present stock of Dry Goods and Clothing, we are offering the entire lot at prices that will make a noise far and near.
10 A.M.T0 3 P.M
T. W. Eari
10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager
H. loci son. Photographer, will he at Campbell's Ray on the 10th and Fort Cou-longe tha 11th Inst. One day only in each place.
We also have on hand all kinds of fresh and salt MEATS, also BACON, , ,ru „ ,	,	, LARI) and SAUSAGES.
The I alucc Grocery has reopened in the L _ ie
--- old stand known as llobb’s Store, Shaw-1 ft-Cal1 aolleltad.
¦ ..	___ _______ Sur- ville, with a cho line of Oranges,	^^ÊÈÈ^Ê
goon Dentist, will he at Shaw ville on Lemon», Bananas. Strawberries, Pine third Tuesday in each month, and Camp- '	an<* a klI1(,s fruits in
bell’s Bay the following day. Parties w ill oblige very much by calling early.
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.

Hereafter, Dr. Stackhouse
Advertisers and correspondents are reminded that we cannot assure the Insertion of matter unless it Is In hand by Monday noon of each week.
H. A. HODCINS.
season
This is no fake, but a genuine clearing-out sale of a complete stock of the newest and best Goods in the trade.
When Seeing Is Painful
Tscruf Cash.—Parties owing for job	^	Iin..- _ m
work nt this office are requested to Kettle The two remaining canes Wore the	o king awhile your eyes
for the name at once. We cannot afford Court of King’s Bench at Bryson weie 4	% . x V*' ^mediate relief
t o wait for money due on this account. disposed of last week. Thomas Howard	CoWtiti V*"
The attention of our readers is directed charged with indecent assault, was sent- SatiefkctiOB guarantied ***	*' I The Board of School Commissioners of
to the change in the professional card of tenoed to six month s imprisonment, and ^	THE DRUG store Clarendon will receive applications from
Mi. Wm. Gamble, advocate. who proposes Kingsberry charged with shooting an_ Teachers tip to 10 of the clock, a. m., of
vkiting Shaw ville every Monday, begin- Assyrian peddler, was acquitted. The —- -= Friday, the 13th day of June, 1902.
.ring June 16th.	prisoners were ably defended by Mr. J. Quebec’s Rural Schools.	,w	tfachea *nKîlc<i :70nc ,1J0'
A session of the Magistrates Court, ». MCUougail, *. V.	--- teachers, holdihg satisfactory diplomas.
wa* held here on Tuesday last, J. F. St. Scnrlatina has caused another vacancy Quebec, May 30.-The Protestant , As T"? ”f.the teachers (applicants) as Julien, Es,,, D M. presiding, further in the household of Mr. William Hod- committee of the council of public in. presoniS sakl'**
report next week.	gins. Portage du Fort, having claimed I struction met today at the parliament | The teachers Inlhc municipality are re-
BmtN — On	17ih ln.1 for its victim a bright little boy aged Gve buildings. Dr. Shy. occupied the chair Hrved from teaching or. the said 13th duv
™ «steMü xsJjsuzA r. z;2 2att S.	¥....
t^	* „„„. «a. jtjbz srasruas.'¦5.*ss su cTOsssaretsste
sing district»now boastsof a newspaper, The bereavement.	present at the meeting to represent Sir	By order, H. MATHESON
L.»,, » dealer to tbi. d™"5
2 Rsa;:«s*-a lartüÆja
Ma.Vi%to»lln.,k«>	E.,], .h„ nftor , ,,„«L 7W,d.“ r.: ‘A*.	?? •?*»¦“ At K»«fcip.l	raml.to, ,„„id
son, Newon a lad of about 7 years of nanu*	matter was left with him and the secre nmtter*
age, who died on W ednesday last from Card of Thanks.-Mr. and Mrs. tary, Mr. G. W. Pr.rn.alee, for any ar i rights disease, following an attack of John Beamish, of Starke's Corners, de rangements they may wish to make scarlet fever.	mire to express their thanks, through |	_____
mswm
. _
This section was visited by a pretty I tor&l address. Also that Messrs Albert e,-severe frost again on Wednesday night 8. Cleland, Robert H. Whiteaide and Tnhn a,!.“ " ' " last, but owing to continued coolness the Edward W. 8. Coates were recommended u... n r.'' ' ' following morning the frost did not do l*w ordination and full reception into the , H,mer as much damage apparently, as was ex- | Conference. Rev. Dr. Benson, of Am- r H	"
prior, has been elected President of the n u Conference in succession to Rev. Dr. ^ M; Ritchie
N Brownlee ...
Dr Klock..
Clothing for men, boys and Children.
Come and secure some of the big Bargains.
CASH or PRODUCE.
Mr. R. Mitchell removed the remains
Public Notice
To all wl[om it may Concern.
J. H. SHAW.
m
HUGH MATHESON, Sec. Treas., of Municipality of Clarendon Shaw ville, June 2nd, 19(12.
R. R. Association
NEdld Protest! readers P. S.—Don’t forget Footwear.

Pbractib Match, May 24
Wanted for 1, 2 and 3, Masbara, Co. * right, with First or Second Class Dip lomas. Salaries $200 for 10 months’ teach mg. Service to commence middle of Aug ust.	Address,
AND. HAMILTON.
Secretary Treas.,
La scelles P. 0„
Co. Wright. Que.
ÛC
c
1 i
s £ 4
til,
§ § g g
Name
-------------- been since last summer.
21 29 21 71 Miss Edith Farrell who has been in 20 30 20 70 Ottawa for the past few weeks, re urned 10 19 26 64 I home on Su ’ ~
18 26 20 64
• e

ay

Miss Alice Smith, of Coulonge Road, 13	25	25	63	I was the guest of Mrs. Murphy this week,
20	20	16	60	also visiting Mrs. Thomas barker's.
18	25	15	68	Messrs. W. A. Moore and George
21	10	17	57	Wilson went to Shawville on Thursday
16	20	18	54	returning Friday.
17	22	12	51	Several members of Sandy Lake Hunt
17	22	8	47	Club spent a few days this week at the
17	14	15	46	clnb house.
8	46 Gilmour & Hughson’s drive will be
9	44 finished next week.
HEAVE CURES
pec ted
At the Methodist Conference in see- j aion at Sherbrooke on Wednesday last,
the names of Rev. Foster McAramond I The annual meeting of the Deanery of and D. C. Sanderson, were dropped from Clarendon, was held at St. Paul’s Church I R Woodley- • the roll of membership in silence and on Wednesday last. The following Rev. J*rae« Wilson and without credentials being granted, gentlemen,were in attendance: Rev F Alf Howard.. Thus endeth the Syracuse episode, | Smith, rural dean, Hull; Rev. W E. W McCoshcn. ¦¦MÉH|jMMÊÉMfa|MHH»Kaneen, Eardley; Rev. H. A. Naylor] Eades...
j ing day, Thursday, the whole proceedings | Tho* Armstrong Sudden Death.—Mrs. : Olmstead, an | closing with a very successful congrega-1	“—
aged lady, who has been residing here | tional social at the rectory in the evening with her daughter, Mrs. Wro. Wilson,
Hi nee the latter took uf> residence in Shawville, expired suddenly on Wednesday morning, before medical aid could be called to her relief. Her funeral took place on Friday.
i
v
14 24
i8 ir
8 16 18 24 11 24	6	41
11 11 14 37 8 13 17 38 8 12 12 32 6 22 6 13
International
Barondale
Mayners
Squires
Excursions to Manitoba and Canadian
The War Is Over
PEACE TERMS SIGNED ON SATURDAY
28

London, June 2 —in the house of 14 commons today the first lord of the trea-- sury, and the government leader, A. J. woe* winners ;	Balfour, announced the terms of pva< v.
First Class—Dr Alexander.	in ^outh Africa as follows ;
Second Class—Sam Howard.	The burger forces lay down their arms
r«<™. H.tcv, M.v »	e™
¦ HH ¦ M HUH	500 Yards, 11 Shots.	or under their control.
Mr. J. W. Monroe. the newly elected	Dr Alexander	4f>	i All prisoners are to be returned so soon
I JB	I M M.L.A. for North Renfrew, died Sat-	N Brownlee	“9	as possible to South Africa, without loss
¦The local horsemen are keeping the	urday morning, from blood poisoning,	J no Stewart. 26	of liberty or property
grass from growing on the race track at	caused by an ulcerated tooth. His il)-	R \v Kdnh. °5	No action to be taken against prisoners
the exhibition grounds these evenings,	ness only lasted three days.	iv.	Klock . 25	except where they are guilty of breaches
when the weather is propitious for^his The late Mr. Monroe, was 62 years of |	. j of jlie rules of war.
kind of amusement. Messrs. F. A. Par- age, and was the eldest son of the late	Dutch is to be taught in the schools if
ker and John Smith have recently been Willianm Monroe, mason, of Fiteroy.	.spoon winner.	if desired by the parents, and used in the
to the list of those possessing The late member was bom in the High-	First Class—Dr Alexander. 1 court, if necessary,
crock driver*.	knd* of ScotUod, »nd emiferotod to Cmi- The members are reminded again of	allowed for protection.
nmm
week’s tnp. Occuring at the opening of ; on, up to the date of hie death, when he	_ Y~~	(16,000,000) is to be provided for restock
the season, the lose to Mr. Sharpe is was regarded as one of the roost pro- I	Otter Lake. ,	ing the Boer farms,
heavy as well as unfortunate.	| minent business men in the Ottawa Val-	—	i Rebels are liable to trial according
mmm
21
14
J. W. Monroe Dead
possession,


Sold only at
THE DRUG STORE
;
SHAWVILLE.
P. S. Paris Green.

i
###PAGE###2###



V
FOR BUSINESS MEN.
was borrowed by the Saxon king#. It I» a gold ball, #U Inch## in diameter, encompaesed with u hand of gold, embellished with roeca of diamonds encircling emerald*, rubles and sapphires, and edged about with On the top is a remarkably
ib wreaked upon me—I am the vie- | ^
tor not you
She wait frightened then, for
i a

ho
Hints Which May Prove Valuable in Extending Trade.
It takes worth to make business,i
The proof of advertising Is the remilts.	—¦
Don’t advertise an article for what it is not.
The beet way to got business» is to go after it.
When in doubt about an advertisement tell the truth.
It take** judgment and thought to give to advertising its financial value.
De ns holiest with the customer as you would want the customer to tie with you.
It is better to advertise persistently if you want to keep a persistent grip on prosperity.
Every advertisement should have some reason why people could ex|>ect value when they responded to the offerings.
If you have values worth offering to bargain hunters it. is necessary to tell the bargain limiter in order to sell the goods.
llow can people know that you hnve what they want unless you tell them how much they want it and why they want it?
A little advertisement is 1 letter than none, but often a little advertisement is wasted where a great deal would show a decided profit.
Every business man should keep his eyes open for business opportunities and should use them properly at the right time.
A straight statement is tlm host advertisement for anything it is desired to soil. Honesty is essential in every hit of advertising.
Fair treatment ot customer» will do much to make the establishment the popular place the proprietor naturally desires it should be.
All the push in the world won’t overcome the bad reputation caused by unfair treatment of those who are entitled, at least, to consideration.
The man who pushes for business gets people interested in his efforts and makes the bargains stand out by his own continued hustle.
The liest articles command the best price. Don’t advertise that a first-class article is selling for half price what a first-class article ought ta bring.
Every worthy article can he advertised and every business# man should have that which is worthy in order to reach those who appreciate worthy goods.
If all the advertising were planned with business judgment there would he. no doubt of the financial value to the one who promoted the business
I The Fatal Dower
hard
seized her arm
;
grasp.
"No," he said, "you shall never conquer—1 will kill you first."
She looked in the fierce, angry face bent over her.
"Ralph!" she said, "you cannot mean it!"
As she stood then1 alone in the
silent depths of the woods with that The Regalia of England, by which fierce, wild man, Captain Darcy’s | is meant the crown, swords, words flashed across her, "If you other signs of royalty used at ever want a friend with a true heart | Coronation, for the most part dates
back no further than t lie Rv.stora-
(Joinmon wealth office: s I destroyed it, and converted the pro-"I am ceeiis for the use of the Government. You Rut, while this is true of the spe-
;
#
X
2
pearl
line amethyst, oval in shape, nearly an inch and a half in height, which forms the foot of a cross of gold, three inches and a quarter high and three inches broad,
thick with diamonds, having in
side
X
I
t
OK
X


*ot
THE DESTRUOTION OF A PROUD SPIRIT.
very
the centre a sapphire on one and an emerald on • the other, embellished with four large pearls in the angles of the cross near the con-ami three large pearls at the end of the cross. The whole height of the orb and cross is eleven
inches.
and
and
the
1'UECInDINO
full and warm upon her face. l’er-haps the most |uiinful moment of her life was that in which she woke. The first rush of memory smote her like a sharp sword. She remembered all—why she had slept, where *ho was going, and what the day would bring forth.
It wanted but a few moments to seven, and she dared not delay, lest, not meeting her, Ralph should conic to the house, and an exposure take place before all the servants still wore the rich dinner-dress and costly jewels that she had put on to please Lord Lisle. She did not stay to remove them. A dark cloak flung over her shoulders bid them from
and a strong arm. remember me Ah! if he could hut come to save 11Ion, as the
9 I
8 Y sursis
CllAlTlvUS.—Margaret Howard, on the eve oi departure to join her secretly mo.ned husband, leaves child wiUi Susan Hivers and is
OF
tro,
her no if!
"I do mean it!" he said, mad, you have made mo so!
shall not leave this place alive un-|cific articles at present, their less you promise to be my wife— to j igimils, and the meaning which they
with me now and at once!" convey, existed and take its root girl saw something back in the days before the Norman
her
the
or-
l'OU It SWORDS
Susan rears g Iwr own, and dies
drowned at sea child, Daisy, a»
Her daughter, Margaret, alone knows Daisy's secret. Lord Lisle seeks his child, a id Margaret, taking Daisy s birthright, announces herself ^ daughter. She falls in love with lus nephew, Philip. Daisy, Lord Lisle s true daughter, #oins her foster-sister, and captivates Philip, who Lord Lisle, on his death-bed, makes promise to marry Rita. Philip becomes Lord Lisle ; asks her to marry hiui-Ralph Ashton, to whom she is gaged, writes asking her to be true to her promise.
Cur tu lift,
There are four swords or the pointless sword of ineicy. the
temporal and
the sword of
go away The hapless shining in his hands, and turned to I conquest.
¦H| There was a rush-a strugglo— St. Edward's crown was made for sharp, shrill cry—a shot fired—and Charles 11. in commemoration of the the deed was done.	crown of the Confessor. It is rich*............ «• - -r s-J-
the ruthless I em,ds’ sapphires, pearls, with a
mound of gold on the top, surmounted by a gold cross, adorned by Jewels, and particularly by throe large oval pearls, one of which is on the top of the cross, and the others pendent on each limb. The crown consists of four crosses and as many flour-do-lys upon a rim of gold, adorned with precious stones, from the top of which crosses rise four circular arches. The cap within the crown is of crimson velvet.
swords of justice, ecclesiastical, and
state. The latter alone is worn l»y the king at coronation; the others being carried before him by officers )f state.
Curtail a is a broad, bright sword, the length of the Made being thirty-two inches, and the breadth two inches. The scabbard belonging to fine, gilt wire, is four inches in length, besides the pommel, an Inch and three-quarters, which, with the is plain steel gilt, the engt.h
being about eight
his
fly
She
the ami ling heavens black and angry
at
crime.
Down in the thick, dew-laden grass, crushing the fragrant flowers, sho fell, her death-1 ike features by the fern leaves
time to repent—no time to
en-
vie w.
What was it caused her to stand for a few minutes at the door of her room, and look back upon its luxurious quiet as upon a lost home ? No thought came to her of the next sleep she would take upon the pretty white bed.
Gently and noiselessly she went out into the parlor. None of the servants observed" her ; no one saw her leave the house, or knew at what hour she had done so.
The morning was sweet and calm ; dew-drops still glittered upon the tall trees and the fragrant blossoms. The birds were all awake, singing of the quiet summer IxMuty around them. From the depths of the wood came the music of rustling leaves and the singing brook. The flowers had rained their bright heads. Nature is never so fair, so smiling, no gracious as in the early hours of the day.
The beauty of earth and sky brought no gladness to her sweet, fresh summer wind raised no color to her features. The flowers bloomed and the birds sung in vain for her.
She saw Ralph Ashton standing at th* Atifo that led into the woods. He smiled at the shudder of hate
hidden There had been
ask
for niercv—no time to plead for par-
cross,
no
CHAPTER XX 11 I
the cross
The scabbard be.onging to with a rich brocaded
of
inches
it is covered doth of tissue, with a gilt ferrule
hook, and cape
The Sword of State is a large two-handed sword, having a scabbard of crimson velvet, decorated with gold pintes of the royal badges: harp, thistle, and rose; the orb, crest of a lion standing on a crown, portcullis. The handle and pommel of the sxvord are embossed with similar devices, and the cross
of the royal supporters.
"Rita,” said Lord Lisle, gently, "despite your feverish attempts at gavety, you seem very unhappy. What is it ? Have you any trouble . If so, share it with me. Let there
bo no secret between us. If you have
tell it to me.
don
lie stood for one moment stunned by his own net. then ho knelt by her side ami called her white face from the ground and saw
llo raised the
turned up with ermine.
The Queen Consort's crown is of gold, set with diamonds, pearls, and other jewels, and was made for the Queen of William III.
rid*
death there.
"1 did not mean it,** he gasped — "I did not mean it! mad, Rita! '
Down again fell the dead taco, and
with a cry that rang
any sorrow or trial You know 1 am your best friend.
Ho looked so noble, so strong and
that she longed to kneel at his
Rotter to moot
You drove mo
true
feet and tell him all Judgment from him than from Ralph Ashton. The impulse was strong upon her, hut she resisted it. solving to tight to the very last and in that resolve sealing hei
THE ROYAL SCEPTER
ho turned through the silent woods—rang up to the high heavens
The Royal Scepter, or Scepter with the Cross-, which is placed in the right hand of the sovereign at coronation, is of gold, the handle plain, and the upper part wreathed; in length two feet nine and a quarter inches. The shaft is enriched with rubles, emeralds, and small diamonds. The ancient fleur-de-lys, with which the scepter was adorned, were replaced previous to the ^coronation of George IV. by golden leaves surrounding a large amethyst, each bearing the rose, the
®	,, ,	. -, shamrock, and the thistle. The
fragrance, all heedless of the crusher I mctfifiiificent. amethyst at the top
heap of shining silk and gleaming fovms a globe, which is encircled jewels—all heedless of the hair stir- | wj^h diamonds, and surmounted by red by the summer wind or of the
white face hidden by the fern leaves.
(To Be Continued).
He turned and
is formed
having a rose with n laurel on side and a fleur-de-lvs on the other The Sword of Justice to the Npir itualitv is a pointed sword, somewhat obtuse the blade is forty inches.
The Sword of Justice to the Temporality is a shnrp-pointed sword.
GOLDEN SPURS.
tied
re-
one
Blind with mad fury, glutted revenge, and wounded, outraged lovo, the air like a red-hot mist around him, he tied from the sight of the dead features that were to haunt him until his last hour.
The birds, scared for a time by the shot., resumed their song; the sunbeams begun to pierce the dense foliage and glisten in the dew-drops; the little brook murmured its own storv; the flowers gave forth fresh
own
fate
but
She
But ho could not cheer her
; there was no music How could she cither
The length of
talked to him
in her voice smile or forget, when she knew that
Ralph Ashton was keeping his stern watch near the walls of the house, and that early to-morrow morning she must give her answer ?
She endured it until she could bear
her energy seemed to fail.
The banda were cold
the
the
The Groat Golden Spurs are symbols of chivalry. They have no rowels, but end in an ornamented point, being what are commonly denominated "prick spurs."
The Ring which is used at corotin-ti cross of precious stones, with a	tion is of plain gold, with a large
table diamond in the midst.	table ruby, on which is engraved
The Scepter with the Dove is of	St. George's cross. The ruby has
gold, three feet seven Inches in	to bo newly set. for each sovereign,
length, three inches in circumference	The Queen's ring is of gold, sot
at the handle and two inches and a	with a large table ruby, and six-
half at the top. The pommel is	teen oilier small rubies set about	represented.
garnished with a circlet or fillet of it.	, Advertising just now should be
table diamonds, and in several	The coronation ring is connected planned to sell summery things to
places with precious stones of vuri- with St. Edward the Confessor in those who want summery things^ ous kinds. At the top is a mound	a pretty legend. A certain "fayre	I he	best way to	know	how	to	write
surmounted bv a cross, sustaining a	old man" having asked alms of him.	that	kind of advertising	is	to	know
dove with extended wings, enameled	ho had nothing to bestow upon him	the goods that arc	to	he	sold	and
white; the mound is encompassed	but the ring. Shortly afterwards	to tell others how	well	you	know
with a fillet of diamonds.	two English pilgrims lost their way those
The Queen s Scepter with the cross	in the Holy Land, "when there came	good about them
is of gold, adorned with precious	to them a fay re ancient man, with
stones, very like the King's for the	white beer for age. Tlienno the old
most part, but not wreathed nor	man axed they in what they were,
quite so large.	and of what regyoit. And they an-
swered that they were pylgrims of THE ROD AND STAFF.	England, and had de lost their felly-
ship and way also. Then no thys olde man comforted they in goodly, and brought theym into a fay re Cytec; and whaune they had refreshed theym, and rested there allé nyglito, on the morne thys fay re olde man went with theym, and brought theym into the ryghte way ngayne. And he was gladdo to hear theym talke of wolf ay re and holynesee of theyre kyngc, Saynt Edward. And when ho shaiilde depart from them then no he told theym what he was, and sayd, T am Johan the Evangelist; and saye ye unto Ed war de, your Kyngc, that Î greet him well by the token that lie gaff thys ryngo with his owne bandes, which ryngo ye simile delyver to him agaync/ and when no ho had delyvered to flieym the ryngo, he departed from theym suddenly." The ring was received by the Royal Confessor and placed in Westminster, and preserved at his shrine. And the legend is commemorated in meny places about the Abbey.
no more
her strength gave way Lord Lisle held in his own
as marble. *
"I am very tired, must ask you to excuse me your last night here leave you so early.
that she could not repress. "True to your time, It it a,' But you always were.
/
he
1
she said
If I
said
remember rightly, you wore often at the try sting-place lief ore me "
. It is r am sorry to
9 9
She did not sfieak ; she had ro-solved to hear all he had to say in silence. She would give her answer and take her chance. Never again would she kneel at his feet or ask for his mercy. The beautiful white face was cold and hard.
MU. SMITH’S WARNING
only hope rest may said Lord Lisle
re-
"1 can
store you/ feel better in the morning let mo see
you i efote 1 go	.	,	,
How little he thought, as he looked on her lieautiful face for the last , what the morning sun would
If you
"Look here, wlmt are you doing there?"
The man who asked the question seemed excited, hut the man to whom it was addressed was not disturb'd in the least. Ho was dumping a load of rubbish on a vacant plot of ground. This was perfectly apparent to the questioner, too, so that the question was clearly unnecessary as a means of obtaining information. The idea must have impressed itself upon the man at work, for he went on with his task. Tho other man became more excited at this non-attention, and asked tho question again in a fonder tone than before.
Then the workman replied, "I am unloading some rubbish, sir."
"But don’t you see that sign?" demanded the angry man. pointing to a notice on a post not ten feet
• 9
time see !
"Let ua go into tho wood." said Ralph. "I mean to have things settled this morning. If we remain here, some of those prying servants may see us. and interrupt what promises to be a very pleasant scene."
She followed him into the wood-path, where the tall trees met oxer-head and shut out tho smiling, merciful heaven. The tall, green grass was wet with dew ; pretty wild /lowers grew side by side with rare fern leaves. Tho wind made solemn music among the leafy branches.
As she looked her last upon the summer skies, and went into the deep shade of the woods, the unhappy girl shivered as one seized with mortal cold.
"Not so warm hero as in one of Lord Lisle’s hot-houses," he paid, with a coarse laugh. "Now, Rita, let us have no tragedy airs. I have come for my answer, and l mean to have it. Whnt are you going to do ? Will you he my wife ?"
last, and had at her answer

She was alone time to think
goods and what you know
/
should be
Did ever hatred and love light os they fought that night in her heart? Did ever the pure stars shine down
wretched ? Look where
She
HEARD IN RATTLE
Upon one so she would, there was no hope
was hemmed
Deeds of valor and self-sacrifice in face of the enemy are not always accompanied by rhetorical fireworks. During the Zulu Wav, after an engagement. in which the British troops were defeated by Cetowayo's warriors and were compelled to fly for their lives, an English cavalryman, whoso scraggy little pony leaped from an assegai slush, detached himself from tho retreat and galloped back upon the charging Zulus A glance over his shoulder shown him a dismounted comrade, stumbling painfully along trying to jam some cartridges into his clogged
When the trooper's pony the Zulus were almost
Fortunate-
in with toils of 1 caught in the fatal round herself.
and
The Queen's ivory rod was made for Queen Mary, consort of James II., and is a scepter of white ivory, three feet one inch and a half in length, with a pommel and cross of gold, and a dove on the top.
St. Edward's staff, which is carried before the sovereign at the coronation, is a stuff of beaten gold, four feet seven and a half inches in length, and about three-quarters of inch in diameter, with a pike or foot of steel four inches and a quarter long, and a mound and cross at the top.
The Amoullft, or golden eagle, containing tho consecrated oil for the anointing, is of gold finely chased. The head screws off at the middle of tho neck for tho convenience of putting in the oil, the neck being hollow to the beak, the holy oil is poured but into a spopn through the Beak. Tho height of tho Ampulla, including tho pedestal, is about nine
ft half inches wide, and the distance
from tip to wings is seven inches of tho whole is about eight or ten ounces, and it is capable of contain-nbout six ounces of oil. The
in use is said to be
own making web she had woven If she refused Ralph Ashton ir.ac’.e him desperate, he would go straight to Lord Lisle and toll him She knew that he could easily
his story, to Lady Sybilln
black
all
truth of
prove the
v Daisy's likeness
Lis»> was one proof in itself
What vould happen then
} spared the prison cell,
would lose everything—name,

away
» »
"Yes, sir "What does it say?"
"It says, 'Place no rubbish here by order of John Smith,' " read the
Even

had
if she wen
position, rank, wealth, and Philip. She, who had reigned a haughty and brilliant queen, would he driven forth from the luxurious homo that
her a penniless outcast, 1, c.espised, and in-those who had flattered at whose feet the noblest offered their hom-
an
man
"Well, sir," the angry man went on, "1 am John Smith, tho owner of that ground!"
"(Had to know you, sir."
"None of your impudence, sir, or I will have you arrestedf Now, wish to know why you dump rubbish on my land when there is a notice distinctly forbidding it?"
"1 beg your pardon, Mr. Smith, but that notice does not forbid me from dumping rubbish hero."
"It doesn't. eh? What does it , then. I’d like to know, sir?" Well, Mr. Smith, I’ve read it to you once, but I will read it again if you wish. It says, Place no rubbish here by order of John Smith.' and I have placed none here by order of John Smith. I work for a man named Robinson
At this the man mounted his cart and drove away, leaving Mr. Smith very thoughtful.
The next day the sign was properly punctuated.
revolver trotted up
upon tho two soldiers ly, however, they had discarded their spears and were mishandling captured carbines.
Now, in a melodrama or in a realistic novel, tho language of them two gallant soldiers, one to the other. would have been noble, lofty, and
This is what they real I j
No !" she said, in clear, steady
thought well, i
sheltered mocked, scorned suited by her—she, in the land had
I have
would rather suffer any disgrace, any shame, any torture, any death than be your wife ! 1 have sinned, and 1 must suffer. I thought to escape— to prosper in my evil deed—but n Mighty Hand has overtaken me. Do ns you will ; expose me, degrade me. rob me of all l value and love, 1 am still spared the greatest degradation of all—that of becoming your Wife !
His face grew livid with passion. Had she seen tho fury that flamed from his eyes she would have tied for her life, but her face was turned from him.
"That is your answer ?" he said, in a low, hissing voice.
"It is my final decision," she slid. Do as you will."
1
age
never live and endure the loss of all she had sinned so deeply to win.
On tho other hand how could she renounce Philip and marry Ralph ? What excuse could she offer for such a breach of faith ? The world she loved and served so well would disown her. With every preparation made—with guests invited, and the whole ceremony arranged, how could she break off her engagement ? Certainly not under the pretext of old lover returned from sea." could she present Ralph Ashton to a gentle, refined lady like Mrs. Wy-? No one would tolerate him.
did so and married
She could
inspiring
said:
The pedestal is three and
"(let out of this, Dill, ye bloomin' ijit — the black beggars will skewer ye," gasped the wounded man.
"You climb up on this 'orso or I'll punch y or 'cad off!" Was the reply of the other.
And it is delightful to be able to say that ho did climb up. and they both escaped from the black beggars." and that the trooper got th« Victoria Cross.
sav
tip of the extended ¦¦¦¦The weight
* 9
IT CALiK IN HAADY
It is aaid that when in India, Winston Spencer Churchill, Lord Randolph Churchill's son, presented a copy of his first book to General Tucker, who, previous to his South African command, was all-powerful at Secunderbad. “Do you like it?" young Churchill inquired of the general. “Haven't read it. Is It meant to read?” “Why, yes.” "Wish you'd told me so before. 1 keep it hanging up in my dressing room, and tear off a page every morning to wipe my razor on.”
mg
Ampulla now the original, and to date back to the reign of Henry IV.
AN ANCIENT SPOON.
9 9
an
How
i «
The Spoon, from its extreme thin-appears to be ancient, and it
"You know that I shall go straight to Lord Lisle, and tell him how vile a traitress he has asked to be his wife ; that before sunset you will he thrust with ignominy " and disdain from a home to which you have never had the slightest right !"
"I have a right," she said, "that you have overlooked. Erven supposing you carry out your scheme of vengeance, I shall but change places with my foster-sister. Tho late Lord Lisle intended* to befriend Susan Rivers' child, even as she had befriended his daughter. You will disgrace and degrade me—your power stops there."
The fury in his face would have alarmed her, but she never saw it.
"Ralph,” she said, in yonder house everything is prepared for my wedding. I love rank and luxury; T love Lord Lisle. Make a compact with mo. Leave me in peace—leave me to take my own path, and you take yours man—rich dreams
gracing me.”
"Yes," lie replied, angrily, "I gain my revenge."
"You refuse, then?" she asked.
"I refuLC. I have sworn and you have sworn that you will he my wife. That vow shall be kept!"
“Never!" she said, calmly. "I prefer death. 1 have sinned myself, but I could never stoop so low ns to marry the man who could trade upon a woman's secret. Do your worst; you cannot hurt me much. I will go with you, and look Lord Lisle in the face while you tell your story, t am no coward. When all is dune—when your worst vengeance
ness,
may have been used in corona lions
< the ‘~1$0fà&BÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊJÊÊÊillÊÊÊÊ
To prove to you that I>r. ! are four pearls in the broadest part
Chase's Ointment ig a certain 0# the handle, and tho bowl Is dec-and absolute cure for each ' and every form of Itching, bleedingand protruding pllee, the manufacturers have guaranteed It. Sec testimoniale In the daily press and ask your neighbors what they think of it. You can umIt and	,, ,	,
get Tourmonov back if not cured. 60c a box. at sent» supreme political power, all dealer* or Edm a won,Bates & Co., Toronto, haS nevcr been put into tho hands
Dre Ghaso's Ointment of any but kings or queens regnant.
I The use of this emblem is as old as the Roman Emperors, from whom it
TELEPHONE FOR DIVERS
verne
True, if she • Um, she would still have wealth ; the fortune Lord Lisle left her was considerable ; but it would be worn1 useless—it would he poisoned
century. There
Several up-to-date divers' suits arm being expeiLnented with in different pi s round the British coasts They have a telephone attachment, so that the submerged person converse with his aids at the face. The
Piles
--->
orated with an arabesque pattern.
The Orb, Mound, or Globe, which is placed in tho King's hand immediately upon being crowned, repro-
and
All unconscious of danger, the little rabbit was sporting in the grass. "Ix>ok out for me!” hissed the snake, suddenly appearing near by
an adder.'
by11 the continual presence of Ralph Ashton.
She would never do it
after the training of these
like
can
9ur-
telephone is stated to
have s<> far proved
trustworthy, mid a great improvement on the rope system of signalling.
She would
"I'm
What's that?”
retorted the rabbit scornfully suppose you’ve never heard how our folks multiply?”
itself to fce
Pooh!
never.
few years, associate with one Ralph Ashton. Never again with him would he living death.
No ! fate must do its worst. Sho hated him with a deadly, rancorous hatred. She would rather Buffer anything, she would rather die any death than marry film. He should not trample mpon her ruined hopes and prospecta. From the wreak of her life he should not rise rich and prosperous. Let him do his worst, sho would not marry him.
The pale glimmer of the stars had died away, and the gray morning light came into her room before she b I made her final resolve. It was
made ready
"I
Life

JACK, A COMMON NAME.
In Franco tho commonest Christian name is Jacques (James). Hence, in course of time, folk got into the habit of using it as a kind of nickname for a common man—a peasant, for example. In England John is tho commonest Christian name, and it is said that by a similar process in imitation of the French model the familiar iJack came to be applied not only to common men, but also to common things, especially to things of every day use which took the place of services oneo rendered <ly an attendant. Thus we have bootjack and blackjack, jackass and jack pudding, and even Union .lack and jack tar. In those last two instances the word is used out of affection rather than contempt.
She Had Nervous Prostration
Was Very Thin, Weak, Nervous and Run Down —
Dr. Chase's Nerve Food.
Fully Restored by Uclngr

I will make you a rich beyond your wildest You gain nothing by dis-
There are few diseases more difficult to cure than nervous prostration. Before the discovery of Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food doctors usually gave some stimulant to whip up the exhausted nerve# and quicken the heart’# action
Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food acts in an entirely different way. It gradually and naturally creates new nerve force, and builds up the system You can prove that it is benefiting you by keeping a record of your
weight
Mrs. S. W. West, Drayton, Wellington County, Ont., writes "About two years ago I got terribly down, and finally became a victim of nervous prostration. I had no appetite, seemed to lose interest and ambition, and could scarcely drag myself about. Hearing of good results from the use of Dr. Chase's Nerve Food, I used three boxes with great benefit. In a short time I gained eleven pounds, and as I was very thin when I began to use the remedy 1 was very proud of the increase of weight.
* 'Then the following spring I became rather poorly, and they again built me up, and gave me such * good appetite that I wanted to eat nearly half the time. I was so pleased with the cure the Nerve food brought about that I recommended it to others, and they have told me of the benefits thoy had obtained from this preparation. You may use this testimonial in order that others may learn of the good there is IS Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food.”
Dr. Chase's Nerve Food ie sold at 50 cents a box at all deal**, or Edmawn, Bates k Go., To reels.
at last ; hei She looked at her watch ; it
She was to
answer was
then nearly four
at seven. There was
little time to rest.
was meet Ralph
some	¦ ¦ mmm
A solemn hush and silence fell over
Her answer was ready and sho could not foresee what it would cost
run
her
her.	,	,	,
Surely the most solemn sleep of
the condemned
TRAINED ANTS.
Trained ants arc the latest novelty in Berlin. There is a little circus in which these performers appear daily. They dance, turn somersaults, draw miniature waggons, fight sham battles, and perform other wonders.
all is the sleep of
just before his death. The deep ¦ that fell upon the unhappy
man
repo»
girl was not more dreamless or still
There was no more torture of
answer was ready

her
dec i won
She slept ;mtil the August sun shone
###PAGE###3###

r



N
-6

/
*
BiTüRB’8 BLE* SOME DOCTOR'S EARRIM
D u ,	|	EXCUSED HIM.
Results from common soaps:	A lady travelling by rail «at facing
eczema, coarse hands, ragged LTSZ A.	.‘i
clothes, shrunken flannels. ,lcr Hho became indignant and
A* 14
m • jB	#	J	Æ
V* .
FAMOUS SURGEONS OF LON-JON CHARGE BIG FEES.
IS FOUND
IN HEALTH, STRENGTH AND FREEDOM FROM PAIN.
fluid
of /urn/	</njts svcw' M&us
f/hu cWeMV,
Sunlight
Soap
"Why do you look at mo so, sir?" IIo fluid he was not aware of having done so, but eho insisted.
I beg your pardon, madam, but it's this eye, is It notT* lifting his linger to his left optic.
“Yes, flir, that'» the eye/*
"Well, madam, that oye won't do ICXPCNA j yon any harm. Tt’fl ci glus» eye. I
¦¦ I hope \oii'ii excuse it. But I'm not
WI surprised that
One of Them Has an Income of $100,000 a ïeiir From His Work.

This Gift is Meant for All—On It the Happiness and Usefulness of Life Depend—Without it Life is an Existence Hard to Endure.
The lending surgeons of London as a whole iiaxo, during tho past year, increased their fees considerably. One of the best known West-end practitioners, who formerly asked 160 guineas for an operation, now wants 200 guineas. Tho most popular surgeons for appendicitis—an operation that takes perhaps four or live minutes—were formerly satisfied with 100 guineas ; now they ask, in more
REDUCES
Health is nature's choicest gift to man and should be carefully guarded. Ill health is a sure sign that the blood is either inaufllcient,
Ujry or impure, for most of tho diseases that afflict mankind are trace- I than one case, 160 guineas, says able to this cause. I&vcry organ of London Tit-Bits, the body requires rich, red blood to The few men at the top are so enable it to properly perform its overwhelmed with work that raising life sustaining function», and at tho their fees is their only defence. They first intimation that nature el vex openly say that there arc many men that all is not well, the blood should I who can do the work as well as be cared for. Purgative"medicines they. But they have tho name, and will not do this—It is a tonic that the public tioc/k to them, is needed, and Dr. Williams' Pink	The surgeon who is generally re-
,Pills have boon proved, tho world l*4tod to be the first among his fel-over, to surpass all other medicines | tows in England—etiquette prevent» in their tonic, strengthening, and
health-renewing qualities. From one I steady minimum income of £20,000 end of the land to the other will be 11 yeur from his operative work, an found grateful people who cheerfully income going up in some yours to
skss a %zvr
Among these i» Mr. Elzcur Jtobi- for an abdominal operation ; but he	occupied with	great themes
doux, a prominent young man living can Ket. through many operations in	Health	of	mind	and	health of body I that they are fearless and enthuaias
at St. .Jerome, Que. He says :—	a rJ5.<Jrnin®’’	are the natural results of living in such	tic in their praise of anything	oi
some y air» I was a great	1 hif «urgeon	lives over in strict	a high and lofty atmosphere. Our men-	anybody that has befriended them,
sufferer from dyspepsia. My appetite training, lie gets up about flvo tal life has so much to do with deter No one is more capable of grace-(beeamo irregular and everything J	<> clocOt, and works steadily before	mining our physical health that we must	fully expressing gratitude than
ato felt like a weight on my stomach,	breakfast with	a	secretary, at his	strive for harmony and for nobleness	average French gentleman.
1 tried several remedies and was book». He goes early to bed, and of purpose if we wish to live a healthy, A recent case illustrates this point under tho care of doctors but to no	^isee almost every social invita-	happy life. "	Mods Joan Boivuc bay for many
nxail anti* I grow worse as time	^ His one recreation is a trip to	If our minds are filled with great	years been afflicted with a terrible
went on. I became very weak, grew	Switzerland. Yet for many years,	themes, high and uplifting thoughts, we	malady of tho Kidneys,
thin, suffered much from pwins in	while overwhelmed with demands	shall have no time for ill temper, anxi-	Ho suffered a very great deal
my stomach and was frequently eeiz- Ifrom bho rich, he gave a large part ety, Jealousies, and the thousand little pain, nndihis disease forced him to ed with dizziness. One day a friend	of bis time to work among the poor	petty cares that,	if we allow, infest our	rise every hour during the night,
told mo of the case of a young girl	of tho slums, going down to an East	Mays and make	us miserable. Miss	Ho was advised to use Dodd's Kid-
who hud suffered greatly from this	end hospital almost ©very day._ ,	Whiting, in her	admirable little book,	nev Pills, and after taking a short
trouble, but who, through the use	An Income of £20,000 a year is	he World Beautiful,” says : “The fin-	treatment, found himself completely IT
of Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills hacf fully by no means uncommon for a great eet and most “beral culture is none too cured.	*	1
regained her health and strength, «"/rgoon. Sir Astlcy Cooper, who in to tit a woman for homekeeping. His gratitude know no bound» and • and strongly acMsed me to try	!lifl (^8t ycar earned five guineas and	rh® woman unlearned in art, literary	ever since he has recommended to all I	#
these pills. 1 was so eager to find	1,1 his second £26, made in one	««Hure or social culture may be a most	his frjen(ts the wonderful remedy I	•
sat ssq: asur “-	•*18
¦lIllipÉ*
clnes, Dr. Willinm» I mik Pills, and	slon of £500 a year was granted to	the intellectual but even more largely	Mons Bolvuo Ra>’s :
1 shall always have a good word to	the lucky man. Sir Morel 1 Madron-	all that wc call spiritual in its nature,	"DwM s Kidney Pills are	good.
m\ru°n i , . al ,	zic received £12,000 for his attend-	of swift recognition, intuitive under-	"J know	this	because while a? one
hiougii their action	on	the	blood	mice on the Emperor Frederick,	standing and liberal sympathies.	time I suffered	very	severely from
and nerves these pills cure such die-	Mackenzie was famous alike for his	To keep the living coal on the domes-	Kidney Disease, now T am	well,
eav.s as rheumatism^ sciatica, St.	| high fees and for his generosity in	tic altar is an angelic and a divine life	Not. long ago I used to	hav
Vitus dance, indigestion, kidney treating people for nothing. Those *n Ms truest and broadest significance; I K0*- nP several times during tho night trouble, partial paralysis,	etc.	Be	who could pay had to pay, and pay |	and a popular belief that the more	cul-	now 1 mn	well	all night with-
»ure that you get the	genuine	with	well, but artists and literary people,	tivated and educated is the woman	the	out rising
the full name "Dr. Williams’ Pink | and any whoso purses were smajl he more she must betake herself to pro-1 "You can believe me, I am glad Pill» for Pale People" on every box.	charged	nothing.	fessions outside the home is	a signal	to bave regained my	health,	and	I
If your dealer does not keep them	There	is no more	striking	contrast	falIacy- Where is there a	position!	«ay thanks a thousand	times	to
they will be sent post-paid nl 60	than between the	early	and	later	tIiat may be made so influential for!	Dodd's Kidney Pills/*
for $2.60	of a	tSir	good, or bo capable of rendering
ZSZf&az.ZÆ:	^	rïVÆSr.,ÏSJK IWi UM»tfeemutm
tion, was an instance of this. Dur- housekeeping for homekeeping.	lagara, in Mexico. It is four inches
ft gin»» eye
hould fe«*i interestf<l in so charming ft woman/*
Tho explanation
even
4 Jcf Msfls £ <Jc foî/zeJt/ y
wu-
profcKsion tliere 1» a great gulf
1 ho sixpenny doctor of the slums is I m(*nf combined to put the lady into by no means always the poorest. A | K°0(1 humor.
receivos many patients and is paid cash, can make a good living. Tho men who have the hardest time the poor young fellows who try to | build up a practice In some suburb I JEAN or country and little money
and the compli-
A THOUSAND THANKS
I
are
r^H eTapa nd wiTl beovÎr KArawDA YS00I> AND
The Dawson Commission Co , Limited, Toronto
Consignments of Produce Solicited.
BOIVUE IS VERY HEARTY IN HIS EXPRESSIONS OF GRATITUDE.
town, with few friends
II I Dr. Conan Doyle hn» realistically pictured their poverty and their struggles, and even the
imagination of the inventor of Slier- | In Graceful Sentences He Pours look Holmes cannot over-color them
the mention of his name—has a
Out His Praise of Dodd’s Kidney Pills,
Done So Much for Him
the Remedy Which Has
A LOFTY ATMOSPHERE
a
St. Klzcar, Que., May 26.—(Spe “She was cial)—It i* a well known character is
tic of our French Canadian people
"For
The Frost 10 Wire and 6 Stay Fence
tho
is the strongest and heaviest wire fence made—good openings for good agents ; write us at once for terms. Ask for catalog.
the Frost wire fence co., -
WELLAND, ONT.
of
t

Faint up your Houfc, your@ buildings, your fence», everything # that should be painted, and do it well. Fay a fair price, but don't pay any more. Get
T
JO

Ramsay’s Paints
V
i
R
anvi you get the best that in the
You
better than other mixture
goes
world of paint making, get pure colora, pure oil ;
white lend or any to preserve, to beautify, to last, and at the right price.
L Drop us a card and amk for
Î
i
soon
IV
i ;
Î 36
BOOKLET ' K" FREE, showing how some homes are painted.

FAIN
?
!
A. RAMSAY & SON,	,
Paint Makers f
Eftab. 1842


MONTREAL

a
a#e a#e#a#a a a#e@ae#a#a###a*#ee*a#aee*#ea
Out of every 100 habitual criminals 1G of the men and 53 of the women have been convicted over 10 times.
Fnr Over Slaty Veers
Mm. Wivftf.ow • SooTerxo frnur has boa used bf millloiie of mothers for their children while lothflkg lisoothea the chtid, sefteni Uieguete. allays pmn, cerM wind celle, regulates theeiomaes end bewels, and falsa heat remedy for Diarrhea. Twent* l»e cents a hotiCa , *?.*L?**%P throughout the werld Sc sure and a«k for Mkü. \fibslow snoutsrxo •vner."
A farmer reckons there should be a ton of straw to every 50 bushels
of grain
cents a l

Reid
£23	13s. Until he had been
geon for sixteen years it never ceedcd £100. After 1851 his income The vanguard of the great army of I rosc steadily till it reached £10,000 soventeen-yenr locusts, which is duo a y«a»’- Then he gave up operating to afflict the country this year, has | and it fell at once to £7,000, alreivJy appeared in the Smithson- Mien slowly decreased, ian grounds, in Washington, D.C. |	*s"’ James Simpson earned nothing
Two large trees are covered with the nt 1,l‘st. Yet when he was thirty the insects. Some time ago the United | hotels were filled with hfs patients, K ates Agricultural Department sent nnd his practice was worth thou-out 5,000 postal cards to those j sands a year to them, points of	in
locusts appeared in 1885, with tho request that the addressees forward them to the Department as soon as the return of the locusts was noted.
So far replies have been received only from Altoona, Pa., and'Nashville, Tonn., but tho scientists of the Agricultural Department expect that within a few weeks locusts will have appeared in other parts of Pennsylvania and New Jersey, Delaware,
Mainland, Virginia, West Virginia,
North Cnroliha, South Carolina.
Tennessee, Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana,
Illinois, Michigan, and Wisconsin, and possibly in other States. Chief
The Vanguard of the Army Appears in Washington.
a sur
Only 70,000 British reside on the Beware Of Ointments for Catarrh Continent, while 200,000 Europeans
' that contain Mercury
ex-
TO CERE A COLD Iff ©SB DAY.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets A'l druggists refund the money If It falls to cure. K. w. Grove's signature is on each box. Me.
THE REVIVAL.
live in England
w r c use
as mercury will surely destroy the sense of smell and completelyderange the whole system when entering tt through the mucous surfaces. Such articles thonld sever be used except on prescriptions from reputable physicians, damage they will do is ten fold to the good y u r*n possibly derive from them. Ha Is Catarrh uare, manufactured by F.J. Chesev ft Co .To Icdo. O., contains no rnercuiy, and Is taken Internally, acting directly upon the blood and mucous surfaces of the system. In buying Hall's Catarrh Cure be sure you get the genu . It is token Internally,and made In Toledo Ohio, by F. J. Cheney ft Co. Testimonials free.
Sold by Druggists, price 75c per bottle
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
and
THE CURIOUS UPS AND DOWNS
OF THE WHEEL.
500,000
people in Great Britain pay carriage licence. There are 15 private carriages to every 1,000 peo-
ati I he
the most popular DENTIFRICE
I
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
pie
Almost in the Catalogue of “has beens"—Now Popular
Everywhere.
Monkey Brand Soap makes copper like gold,
like marble,
Sir Erasmus Wilson, the
famous
ffdn specialist, was so well off that
ÎTk eC bv! ngtngo vet-1 cieopa trn 's Nwdle I The varylnK mood °» the public. | crystaJ to England, and £30,000 on a I lnflu®nced as it is by fads and fash-charity like the new wing and chapel I ions, is a curious study. In this
for tho Sea Bathing Infirmary at gard there is Margate. Sir Erasmus Wilson died in 3681. leaving £180,000.
SIR ANDREW CLARK I I
is said to have seen 10,000 patients Ithe Pncumatic tire and cushion frame annually, and in his time had prao were established its progress was
Ucally every famous man under him. remarkable, and the climax wae, c c mrHA«n<5 t. rn
ÎmC'ÏLÏÜ'mw* £S£I	MIN. A„y »Nd „,,rTT.„ b„ p,.«uUM '«»*,	«» »«« * •«*
two	guineas. He is said to	have	mg amounted to a	positive craze I ARD’S LINIMENT on	my	vessel	and	as	a	criminal	in	England,	but	in | 6MM**muÜn7^0k3l”rSw '	wSimtor*E2î
once	received £5,000 for going	to	a	'rhen there	were black	days, but this	10	my	family	for	years,	and	for	Germany	12	is	the limit	of responsi- | thing In	Wu*if #r ti«ucal imirdeicBt*.
*111.0 mil. Inlun. thl. Orem do.to,. i.v. " mo.,1™. J° Z", ' l"	">v" '""I 1	•.*«.«
yo«r. They are not a plague or a fee of a guinea a mile for travelling > ^ anythin* to takc the place pest, despite the traditions to the to see patients outside their usual the bicycle as a convenience, eape
™n=£» arwa-Ss-’SES
inflicting any permanent injury upon ! weeks* attendance at Sandringham 1 h® big revivaI is due to this them.	I	when	the Prince had typhoid fever,	a I	to the fact	that a good bicycle is
of the locust is endan- I baronetcy and £10,000.	now within	easy reach	of any pocket
gored by our civilization ** said Prof. | When one goes from these big men book Howard. His burrow is onlv about I tn t.h* r.,.vt ««a #n« the n,e(j|^j
tin like silver, crockery and windows like
I ne
I
Italy and Britain are about the same size. But the United Kingdom no more interesting and her Colonies have 259 out of history than that of the bicycle, every 1,000 of the earth's popula-From its crude introduction until tion, and Italy only 22
Preserve» the teeth. Sweetens the breath Strengthens the gums
re-
A racehorse travelling full speed clears 20 feet at a stride, an ostrich 30 feet.
Brass Band
Step* the CeuftH
Laxative Bromo-Quinine Tablets cure a cold loose day. Me Cure. No Pay. Prieé toccata, Instrumenta, Drums, Uniforme Eto
!
WflALBT ROTCE & 00., Limited,
Toronto, Ont. and Winnipeg, Man
ae I Mi Hard’s Liniment Cures Dandruff.
on a voyage
of | without it, if it cost a dollar , bottle.
CHENILLE CURTAINS
—U
CAPT. F. R. DES JARDIN. Schr. "Storke,** St. Andre, Ka mouraskn.
and ell triads of house Hangings, also
¦:	“Ah! now you're a little
Fred (in trousers :
And now, ma,
Mothci man
first time)
I call father Harry?"
LICE CURTAINS DVILV.
r,in	Write to us about jours.
f f
and
MUTISM AMERICAN DYEING 00., Sex 118, Montreal
The life
SUNBURN
CONSUMPTION
paid Prof. I	__________
H	His burrow is only about! to the rank ami file of
two feet deep and is consequently destroyed by deep plowing. Macadam roads and asphalt streets prevent the exit of the insects ; but, most effective of all, the blackbirds,,	_	. __
catbirds and sparrows have learned I l xe	Medicine in the
for Children of All Ages
WHAT DO YOU ?
Like any other form of Inflammation le readily healed by CILEADINI. No other ointment relieves pain eo quickly. It ll not an anmathetlo, but a healer.
tie, Druggists, or Olleadlee Os., Toronto.
Honey refunded If not satisfactory.
EVery merchant is making a lepu-tntion for one thing or another.
What sort of reputation are you making ? Some merchants choose I If you want to get one of the best I to be regarded as seeking for the World I wheels made anywhere—wheels made j best things on the market. .Some for comfort and wear—enquire about want to have it- known that they „ . .	- m	.	, the "Massey-Harrla," "Cleveland,” are shrewd in driving a bargain.
.1-M. 8	n	a,Icl,s nre ?°ud for	"Brantford** and "Perfect'* bicycles.	Some	want	it known that they are
en (Iren of all	ages from the tiniest,	Drop a card for a catalogue to Can-	liberal	and	lavish. Some men go in
wea est mb y to the well grown	ada	Cycle	& Motor	Co.,	34	King	these reputations	by design, others
child, and nre a certain cure for	St.,	West,	Toronto.	in npite of their	own desires.	The
"T «tomacb. colic.	-----,---- best way is to hitvc it known a mor- I Do you cough?
ssr ,-js '•»m""	*CL0UK UADE 0F BBE1D i	syzessis u-«
hi1 nLi d/en' Thc,*is no| Milnn has a curiosity in a clock I it's safe to deal at their stores j Do you spit up phlegm ?
>thei medicine acts so speedily, so j which is made entirely of bread. The j	-o——	Does your bead ache?	I	IJ
9UI?y, and ,they con-.maker is a native of India, and has BEQUESTS TO EMPLOYES. | Is your appetite bad ?	DOmlr.fOÜ UlM StOâmOhlDt
n J10* .0ne Bni tide of the opi-1 devoted three years of his life to	... .	.	Areyour lungs delicate? v	Moetrwi u> LiTerpeei Bwion to u?«-
ates found in the so-called 4 sooth- j the construction of this curiosity.	lhe Wl11 of Mr- James Diak, the Are you losing flesh ?	p~» PortUad to Liverpool. VimQa#*»*-
ing medicines. Mrs. R. M. Ness,	The clock is of good	size	and	goes	"rubber . king,	of Glasgow,	has.	Are you pale and thin?	Lareeîïd	Part	Stesmehipe Superior •	¦
Barrie. Ont., says "I first began	well.	been registered at	Edinburgh,	and	Do you lack stamina ?	loraffoiama	of	ngwa	u4	buimmm
using Baby's Own Tablets when my!	-+-,__	by it he leaves handsome bequests These symptoms are proof that you,	u7nffffS?4
baby was teething. He Was fever- Lady (engaging servant):	"I to al1 llie employes. The cashier have in your body the seeds of the most	•>(,««• i» *n4 »u f*rti«ai*n, sp»b ie *n#
lah, sleepless ami xery cross, and ought* to tell you that we are all rcceixes £5,000, each clerk gets dangerous malady that has ever devas-	-
-sFulIered	from	indigestion. After	strict teetotallers here. I suppose	^^00,	the manageresses of depart-	tated the earth-consumption.	|
using the	Tablets he began to get	you won't mind that?" Mary Jane:	ments	£50°	each> women workers	You .re invited to f«t wliat ÿi. system wfll do for
=	SL-1 ZLna-agt&f-"- ~ ÏSLJÏÜ, K? 5»jSwÎmKtmÀtmiit	WANTED
s&ras“jars,;:tussnsrttSESSSSSSsrea,.
Hams' Medicine Co.. BrockMllr days "no debtor shall be sued for maid, coachman, and gardener £1,-1 American peprre w.a pkssi s*d for ssmyhe la ^5F-vJ.	W.NO.Vt£25
Ont., or Schenectady, N.Y,	1 money owing,"	000 «*eà.	lleru-w. M^twn twHp«.	' Ibti BAVtTRttT.-SOlUMHi
Prevented and Cured.
Thinking about a Wheel ?
BABY'S OWN TABLETS
Pour marvelous free remedies for all sufferers reading this paper. New cure forTuberculoels, Consumption, Weak Lungs, Catarrh, and a rundown system.
to eat them and gobble up the brood as fast as they appear.**
Mr. Howard says that when the locust appeared rex en teen years ago, the sparrows were themselves too new to know that the cicadas were good food, but they soon discovered that they were and will be on the lookout for them this year.
The Entomological Society of Washington made some experiments in 1885 to determine the value of the locust ns a food. One of the members of the society prepared a plain stew, a milk stew and a broil. The comments of those who ate the dishes are Interesting and varied. One sa id, ns an old report shows, that the) would "never prove a delicacy," Valle another member of the society said that he preferred cicadas fried in batter to oysters or shrimps. • Scientiste say that tho sox on teen-year locust was a favorite dish among tho Indians and that the arrival of the insects was looked forward to f/em year to year lv rod men.
TO PRINTERS
FREE.
FOR SALE.—Two 2-rsvolutlen Campbell
wmjgrnmmammmmmm
ii easy.
Presses, bed 40x16 Inohee. 8
ei der. Price $1,000 each. Term
$ FRANK WILSON,
73 West Adelaide St., Toronto
rr fxUtlos
1
!l
en in
eer day.
>o«toSce bo* 357,
LON COM ONT.


The only town in a civilized country which is ruled and managed entirely by colored men, is Eaton ville, in Orange County, Florida.

!

###PAGE###4###

\

t
SMART & SMITH
MASSEY-HARRIS
RIGHT AT THE FRONT
THE EQUITY.
WANTED
SHAWVILLE
with a full line of
WARE ROOMS

Sylvester IV|achinery
SHAWVILLE, JUNE 5, 1902.
r)
Also a stock of
ADAMS' WAGONS,
BRANTFORD CARRIAGES and
EXPRESSES.
dowskli/s washers, wringers
mid LEADER CHURNS.
3000 cords peeled Poplar or Basswood for Pulpwood for delivery this fall or next spring on P. P. J. By. line.
We are contracting every day for wood. If you have any such wood for sale drop us a letter to Campbell’s Bay P. O
Everywhere throughout the British Empire j»*y prevails that at last the cruel war in South Africa is at an end. In Canada owing to her active assistance in the prolonged struggle, and the fact that the Mood of some of her best sons was shed in upholding the prestige of the mother-land, the news has been received with unbounded satisfaction. The brave Boer has been subdued, but that sub* that subjugation does not mean the thraldom of serfdom or slavery, but rather a participation in a form of liberty to which hitherto he was a stranger..
Just Placed in Stock
.. A Car lot of the ..
W are-rooms next door to l). McRae's shop.
A Call Solicited.
FAMOUS
R. J. HAMILTON.
P. 9. Hay Porks
Vhe tight for supremacy between the political parties in Ontario which terminated in the election of Thursday last, one of the h it and most stub
history The Ross Admin-
JUBILEE CHIMES
V No. 3233d, A. T. R.
t wo
BAIN WAGON
w as
bornly contested in of the province. rnu H iat.ration had to put up ft desperate struggle to maintain its existence, and out of the melee in a rather battered and damaged condition. Indeed, had it not been for those “New Ontario” creations of the last Legislature, Mr. Rons’ pros * poets of a retention of power when the vice of Mares at Shawville during t lie House assembles would be of the | season of UHKi. health permitting.
Terms : For the »e ison #10, paya »le .•* time of service with privilege of return if horse i my property. All mares at owner's risk.
the
Standard Bred aqd Registered.
¦ 9
Sired by HAWI.KY CHIMES No. 27W Time, 2.10. I)am. Velveteen ; time 2.HU by Glencoe Goldust. No.
J ubillce Chimes will stand for the ^er
conies
To be sold out at universal prices.
MACFARLANE BROS.
SMART & SMITH.
new
slimmest possible character. These new constituencies,—returned four Ross supporters out of the six seats, a feature of t he election which comes as a surprise to the Conservative party, who were banking on at least two of the seats going into the Opposition column. And the fact, that they have not done so, gives strong grounds for suspicion that the machine," which in times past has done such yeoman service for the Ontario Liberals, has been making its pernicious influence felt in these new constituencies, where its operations could not be watched as closely as in the older parts of the
o
L. DUMAs,
At McGuire's Hotel.
Shaw villi
P. S. Headquarters for Melotte Cream Separator.
1902
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT MILL !
Deer and Njoose.
CLARENDON
ROLLER MILLS
4 4
UICH CLASS RND MEDIUM
All well disposed persons are expected, and it is their duty, to assist the Game Warden In protecting the deer ami moose during close season.
Many are humanely doing so now, but more could and should do it out of kindness to those harmless and beautiful animals. All that is necessary is to drop a line saying when and where the deer or moose were hunted, molested or killed, and by whom, and if by more than one person, give the names of all.
It is better but not necessary, that you should give your name, unless you wish to l>e raid for your trouble.
All correspondence strictly private and confidential. Address,
N. McCVAKt, Provincial Game Warden
FURNITURE.
province.
All the Urge cities wentetrongly aga'nst the government, which leads to the belief that when all the votes are counted it will be discovered that, although Mr. Ross has a small majority (4 or 5 sexto) at his back, the popular vote af the province has recorded
In Ottawa city the Conservatives won hands down with Messrs. Murphy and Powell, against Messrs. Bingham and Lumsden, the latter polling an even thousand votes below Murphy and over nine hundred votes below Powell, who defeated Binghan by 483. On the other hand the Liberals in some localities scored big victories, as for example, in South Renfrew Litchfovd defeated Moss by over BOO votes ,while in North Renfrew Munroe led the poll over White by 400. These results were pretty
Remember that we are adding to our reputation as ufacturers of Hu;h Grade Flour.
man-
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables,
Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
You don’t Catch Us standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation already established. No, sir !
Bedroom Suites,
Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
a majority against
him
We want Hard Milling Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large stock of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Prices Riuiit.
P. S. - Article 1 Win of the Game Law.,, important to whom it may concern, read-.
as follows :	.
“ No person owning, having or harboring any dog accustomed to hunt and pursue deer shall allow such dog to run at large, hunt or course in any place inhabited by deer, between the first day of N<> vemher of one year and the twentieth of October of the following vear, under penalty of a tine of at least $5.00 and not exceeding #i\00.
Any one may. ' responsibility, kill
running at large, hunting or coursing in h locality ! between the above mentioned dates.—I Ed. VII. C. 12, s. 4.
JAMES WILSON.
ü— —
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Fu!ly Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
THE FAVORITE
(
over
generally expected, aa both Liberal candidates were exceptionally strong men, personally, besides having succeeded in entrenching themselves with the electors by a liberal expenditure of money, which in rural constituencies invariably counts .as a decidedly potent factor in swaying the vote.
without incurring any anv such dog found
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.

•VS
sue
| CRESH ARRIVALS
HE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
T
Female Teachers
Wanted.
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
AT
Number Large Quality Bad.
New Y irk, May 30 —I nm:2 -.Vion ü
now at me Highest point in the itisroiy of the country and tiie average uf the c’a*» of people cuiuing Lure id legarded by 80me of the officials as the lewis'. Counting the immigrait* on board s'e unships due to arrive today and tom rrow. the immigration for the mo.ith will reach the record-breaking total of 88,500. In May of 1803 the previous record-breaking month 73,000 people came in o the country in the steerage of Atlantic liners. The bulk of the immigration is from Southern and Southeastern Europe. Immigration from Ireland, Germany. Norway, Sweden and Denmark has fallen off greatly. Seventy per cent of the immigrants now coming in are from llusiia, Austria-Hungary and Italy. Most of these are non-producers. The immigration authonties say the great rush of aliens is duo to the commercial prospsrly of this country and industrial stagnation in nearly every European country.
IN
WAHTltAH’5
w wted r ir V
X * and X t. Svp teat v S eipulPy of Bristol, County of Pontiac holding a First Glass K. Diploma. Appli cations to be in the hands of the under signed on or liefore the L>th .lune VNti.
HENRY GALLaGHBR.
Sec iTreftH., Glengyie, Que
1. No. 2 >o. < Muni
Four Teach 'V
FACTORY
(Formerly McCredie & fjodgins) Is again built up
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
AT THE
flash Store,
and
Bull for Service.
ready for business.
ST ARK’S CORNERS.
Thoroughbred Ayrshire Bull for service. Service fee $1.UU. Special terms fur larger
numlK-is.	ARMSTRONG.
Green Lake
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, T H E PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. ::	::
% full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin,
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
FOR SALE
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
Thoroughbred Durham Bull. “ Premier	____________
I G. B. WAINMAN, SHAWVILLE.
uendon Front
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done os usual.
V à
P. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
How 10 Maintain Soil Fertility,
and can be plowed under ip time to p ant to corn. This adds largely to the humus of the soil, and will tend to carry the crop through a drouth * ithout injury.
As I said, it should be our aim to feed all, or nearly all we raise on our farms for the purpose of keeping up the fertility of the farm, and 1 believe it to be profitable to sell cur produce in the form of butter, baef, pork AC , than to sell it in the rough. I believe our produce fed to good stock, will bring us than twice what it will sell for on the market. For example, I can feed a for 12-1 2 cents per day, and have hei bring in 25 cents per day or more for butter alone, and 1 believe the same to be true with all other kinds of stock.
Many advocate the use of commercial fertilizer. Of course, the basis of all our fertility is the amount of cirogen, potash and phosphoric acid a soil contain!. When we consider that an ordinary crop of wheat if 25 bushels per acte, removed about 75 worth of these elements from the soil, and a crop of corn nearly si much, we can readily that wl en a soil is exhausted of these elements, it is quite expensive to repiece them by using commercial fettilizer*. Now if we feed our crops on the farm, we can return about 80 degrees of these elements to the soil in the manure, and at the same time get twice the market value of our produce. We can readily see that it is more profitable to farm ao as to improve our soil, than to sell our the market, and at the situe be losing heavily in the fertility of
THE MARKETS.
"Weyall know that it iajvery desireable to hive a fertile soil in which to grow crops, " says F. P Pock of Michigan,
For success in farming debends largely the fertility of the land. Every one knows of many, once fertile farms which now producing half what they should —scarcely enough to pay for the labor necessary to produce a crop. It is more profitable to farm so aa to maintain or improve the soil than it i* to rob the soil of Ita fertility, and in the end bring ruin to the owner of the farm.
How ia it to be done ? I believe our greatest loss of fertility ia the loss of humus. A soil without humus will not carry a crop successfully through a drouth. A clay soil devoid of humus will be lumpy and hard, and will not retain moistu re for very long. We all know the effect on the crop, and the great amount of labour required to prepare such a p ece of ground for a crop Hence our aim should be to farm a > as to produce and leave aa much humus in the ground as possible. This is bestgj ¦ plirthed by a rotation of crops, and one crop in the rotation shuu'd be clover, which ia our greatest soil renovator. We should aim to feed everything, or nearly everything produced on the farm, and if aad a li tie bran or concentrated feed to the ration of each an mal, and carefully save and apply all the manure, it is easy to see that wc «hall maintain, and probably add to the fertility of the soil.
Many advocate the plowing under of crops on green crops, but unless a farm is very time
much run down, I would not practice the soil.	,	.
this, unless it be to bury a second crop of I would not advoca o the feeding clover, or a clover crop towed	to protect	wheat, but would sell it and	pu	cha
the ground during the winter.	A clovei	bran or cotton seed we*!, which is	worth
crop should always be sowed	whenever	more for feed than w^ieat, and	ass	abou
a piece of ground remains id'e	during the i	double the manorial value.	If	1 sold
fall and winter. Many times we have a much wheat, I wou.d u*e commercial piece of stubble which we intend to plant fertilizers freely, for it is impossible to corn or potatoes. On this we can keep up the farm, an 1 sell gram without grow • crop of rye or peas and barley, their use. If we grow alII the forage either of which will make a large growth crop# we can and feed them on the farn ,
carefully save and return the manure, we need have but l.ttle fear about the fertility of the land
SILAS YOUNG.
SH AWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) Ort to 75o. Flour per barrel, $3.40 to $3.80 Oats per bushel, 40 to 00c. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75:% Buckwheat, 45c. per bush. Rye, per busk. 45 cents.
Eggs, per dozen, 11 to 12c. Butter, per pound, 15 to 10c. Wool, per pound, 14 to 10c. Pelts, each, 00 to 00c.
Hides, $4.50 to $5.30.
Calfskins, 45 to 05 cents each.
ROBERT C. HODCINS.
A %
F. W. Hudson,
L:ve Stock Commissioner.
on
are
Will remain free from the Trust.
OHAWVILLE’S
O NEW
more
Here it is ! The Place
ELDER DEMPSTER COMPANY ACTS ON AD VI» E OK CHAMBERLIN ANT) CANADIAN
(10VBRNMBNT.
more
sash
and DOOR
Lindon, May 30.—The Daily Chronicle announces this morning that Sir Alfred Jones has declined the overtures of the Morning Shipping trust and that the Elder Dempster company thus remains outside the combination. It is believed that before .entering upon any d scuaaion of the matter with Herr Ballyn and Mr. Wilding. Sir Alfred sought the advice of Mr. Chamberlain, and also of the Canadian ministry at Ottawa. Both the imperial and Canadian authorities advised Sir Alfred Jones in the strongest possible terms to maintain for the Elder Dempster company its present position of isolat i n trom the lines working under the North Atlantic conference agreement.
cow
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
OTTAWA
In connection with my former business I have just placed In position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
Batter, print, 22c. per lb.
pails. 13 to 20c. per lb.
Eggs, fresh, lie. per doz.
Potatoes, 90c. per bag.
l,amb, 0 to 10c. por lb.
Mutton, 0 toOc. per lb.
Beef, 5 to 8c. per lb.
Pork, $7.23 to $9.25 per 100.
Oats, 47 to 48c. per bushel. Hay, $6.00 to $9.50 per ton. Wool 00 to 00c. per lb.
4 4
•ccom
Saab,
see
Eavetroughing,
Hoofiqg and
Hepairirçg
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, Stc.
we
Ottawa the city of conventions, is to be visited <n October 7,8, 9 and 10 by between 400 and 500 delegates from the Christian Endeavor societies of the province. The executive committe of the local societies extended an invitation to the Ontario executive some weeks ago to hold the convention in Ottawa and word has been received that the invitation had been accepted. The Ottawa societies will make energetic efforts to cause the coming convention to be regarded as the moat successful that has ever taken place. Prominent speakers In the United States and Canada will be invited to attend.
For which I am now prepared to reorders and guarantee first-class
ceive
work.
Teacher Wanted.
customers for
Thanking my many their liberal patronage in the paat, 1 shall look forward to a future in
signed, Hating Hilary wanted, and what grade of dlpkuia ; also experience In
teaching.	»¦
M
crease in business.
Shawville.
JDHN C. ELLIOTT,
proprietor.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
Sliawrille, May U, 1908.
###PAGE###5###
J
f

7
V ffP



f



THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Booms.
“ ~ A. SMILEY, Prop.
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
Mo 816.
SHAWVILLE’S
il.O.E
* Weekly Journal devoted ta Local tntereote.
rUBLMMD BTBBT TMCKODAT
AT SHAWVILLE. Co. PONTIAC. QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION—$1. 00 A TEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages •re paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.
m
Meets the 4th Wed nee-dsy of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially invited.
H. S. Baku*tt, F.8
GREATEST STORE I
FOUR BIG SPECIALS
l.B.C
J. A. Cowan, Its
The Kind tljat Gets all % Cream :
The Improved
John Bsckrtt, C. It.,
O!
ADVERTISING RATES
QHAWVILLB OHAVING PARLOR
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
Legal advertising, eight cents per line for first Insertion and fonr cents per line for eaeh subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at *4.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of • cents per line for first Insertion and b cents for subsequent Insertions,
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instruo lions accompanying them will be Inserted until torbldden and charged tor accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-I iehed free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
t
J
FOR FIRST WEEK OF JUNE SELLING !
or The spot for—
A Fashionables Hath Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Cue AN ShaVb.
u. s
Read carefully every Paragraph in the following List
Hosiery Specials :	Neckwear Specials :
tw Your Turn next.
Cream Separator
CEO. HYNES,
JOB riMNTTNO
All kinds of Job Priming neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVTLLE, - ¦ QUE.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Wo have placed in stock a large lino of Men’s Four in-Hand, Bow and Made-up Ties, worth, regular, 25 cent, 30 cent and up to 33 cents. We undersell, them in this way—
We brighten the first week in June enthusiasm in Hosiery in this wise : Women's Plain Black “ Everiest
RECEIVED COLD IREDAL, THE HIGHEST AWARD
Business Cards.
At the Pan American Exposition held at Buffalo,
; ; N. Y., last summer. : :
Stainless ” Cot ton Hose, made with full fashioned legs, Lisle finish, very elastic instep, and a fine well finished cotton, to bo sold first week in June—	_
MEDICAL.
Bach at 20c.
DR.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Come with the crowds to this Tie Sale, First week in June.
Before purchasing a Cream Separator see samples of the « jj. S.”—the best-machine made—at our warerooms.
Per pair 15c.
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE :
at the new house built by JamesCuthbertson, opposite the Exhibition^rounM.^A3T
At home—Monday, Wednesday and Sat urday afternoons. Telephone lu office.
IN UNDERTAKING
Men’s Colored Cambric Shirts :
A. SMILEY.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith
I also keep a complete stock of funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
D. B. ALEXANDER. M. D., C. M
Our stock of Men's Colored Shirts is now complete. Come in and see the neglige line made from Scotch Zephyr, cuffs attached—all new patterns for spring and summer wear. Prices each .................. ducts.
I District and Country.
elimination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
Orrioe awd Rssidemci : J. M Aemthoho'» House,
MAIN STRKKT - - SH^WVILLK.

One thousand persons were killed and four thousand injured by the earthquake at Queziltenango.
M. Lee, a ion of a well-to-do farmer, shot and killed Miss L. Suttlein a church near Atlanta, Gi.
Corsets :
LEGAL.
1
D. LECUERRIER,
Ask U) see the new Corset placed into stock this week, for the first time— 44 No Brass Eyelets." Every pair guaranteed or money refunded.
Headquarters for
NOTARY PUBLIC
The gold output from Rhodesia for son on W<> ^1; ^lliiyQ^Q,^t 11001 amounted to 180,888 ounces nearly
Will visit Bry day and Friday of every R. McC. Ritchie's residence
UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
double that of the preceding year
Come, see, look around and make comparisons—that is all wo ask. The test is easy. You can decide for yourself. Be with the crowds the first week of June selling at the Busiest Store in Shaw ville.
Kooian, a Bohemian vi >lini*t. aged has been guaranteed $100,000
BOÜRBEAD RAINVILLE, L. L. L,
nme;o n for eighty concerts in America
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
Winter weather ia reported in France and in the Pyrenees Department fifteen inches of anuw lies on the ground.
y The strike in Sweden for universal I lull rage has been settled, the government granted the desire of the strikers.
BRYSON
ADVOCATE
• *
G.F.HODGINS
Wm. gamble
*
advocate, &*.,
Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.	King Edward and Queen Alexandra
AT SHAW VILLE EVERY MONDAY, opened the loyal military tournament at
agricultural hall, London, on May 2Jrd.
UUDIOUT I The general assembly of the Presby-Va CU> V» ft Ixivn i teriao church across the line baa accepted
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC-,
OF THK PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
1
omoe
P. 3,—Monday, Wednesday and Friday of each week this store closes at G o’clock.
Î Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
LADYSMITH.
the proposed changes in the confession of faith.
Thu Pvriotic Find AsWatvm hve dec d id hit luembdis of ti.e last cbnû.i-gtu; of Mounted U flea shall share in the
btudtits uf the fund.
The fifteen-months old son. of S. H. Armât mug, Btacebridge, Out., fell iato a tub containing a few inches of water, and was dead when taken out.
Rev. Foster McAmmond, who a short time ago resigned the ministry of Ashbury church in Perth, is now representing the New York Life Insurance Co.
Yukoners are will pleased with the modification of the Treadgold concession, the removal of the royalty and especially grat tied at receiving local and federal representation.
Andrew Carnegie offered to p>y $23, 000,000 for the Philippine Islands provided he was authorized to announce to the Filipinos that their independence would be acknowledged ultimately by the United States.
The street of Smith’s Falls arc to ba named and placarded. At a recent meeting the council authorized the street committee to procure signs for all the streets in town and to have lhatn placed at the corner of ea;h street.
The cash system is becoming more general. The Kingston shoe merchants are about to join tin movement, and contemplate making a unanimous change to “strictly cash." The change, it is expected, will be made July 1st.
The record time for the shipment of a grain cargo from Chicago to Montreal has been bioken by the despatch of 17,000 bushels of grain between these two cities in five days, seven days being the usual time consumed. The cargo was shipped from Chicago to Depot Harbor by propeller Yale, and from that port to Montreal over the Canada Atlantic railway.
The new C. P R. bridge, Winnipeg u completed and ready for the rat.a.
Dr Roddick's bill to create a Dowin-MediCiil Council passed the Cm-
ACCEPT ONLY
xfaw
J. P. SR0ITAT7
Trust	street, Ottawa
Phone No. 1324.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
urn
Fishing Nets
moos.
Caigarry, May 24 — M ohael Morrison a rancher, who settled iu t.h> K ia eHiil district 50 miles fr >ai h *ra, ab >ut a year ago, was found dead from dxp jsuro on the prairie.
Mr. George Grant town councillor, has been awarded the contract for the erection of the new church which the B vptiits of Arnprior are to build. The church will cost a little upward of $5,003.
Rat Portage, Miy 27.-All;tt:onal discoveries of rich bodies ofhornitito close to the Canadian N r.hern line, around Split Rock Like, is raising a goo l deal of excitaient, and numerous prospecting parties have smarted.
Montreal, May 28.—Wilfred B,urdoa aged 50, was killed last night by a shock from an electric wire in attempting to d sengsge a lad named Archambauit who had been caught in the wire. He pulled the wire with both hands and was in* stanily killed.
W.nisor, Msy23 —R)v. Cinon C. C. Johnson, one of the oldest and b tat known clergymen in the Episcopal church in Csmda, passed away at his home here this afternoin at the age of 73 years. He was a graduate of old Upper Canada and Trinity colleges and had been in the ministry over 50 years.
Ottawa, May 23 —Rsv. Dr. Horridge of 8\ Andrew's Presbyterian church, nounced to his congregation today that he wou’d remain in Ottawa. Sow* time ago Dr. Herridge received a call from the Presbyterian ghurch at Frogmore, near Loudon, 03# of the nioit important churches of that body in England.
A steam boiler used for operating a drill at the Louisa street sewer, Ottawa, blew out and crashed through the roof of a nearby residence, The fireman was scalded and a couple of boys looking on severely burnt. Going through the roof of the house, the boiler alighted on a bed
in a bedroom.
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L,
ADVOCATE, lui.
LAW CHAMBERS j
ALES end
STOUT
MAIN STREET, HULL, - - QUE.
.,..and . •• •
ill

Fishing Tackle
correspondents.
o
W. W. IRELAND,
of all kinds.
McDOUŒALL & CÜZNER, Hardware Merchants, - -
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Deeds,
v
i
6
Commissioner and Conveyancer Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satis
factorlly.
Sussex St. Ottawa.

i
B
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
!

S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
money to loan on easy terms. BRYSON, - - QUO.
Will be In Shaw ville on Tuesday of every week.
i

PAT ENTS
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ; |
ARE HALF SOLO

IIP
y%
PROMPTLY SECURED
WORLD'S CXHÏBlTlONa
To buy well, wtlcS fh«* h»**s» prices nn.. n- ; formation in the special TRADE PN65S. ,
The Canadian Orocer acid Sterejcsepec	'
The Hardware and Watal Morchant	<
The Dry Goods Review	f
The Book seller and Stationer.	«
m	Samples *7ree	«
mmm
&robaapbpitoM«^es'‘suras
Uigbeat reference# fumwhed.
MARION * MARI PATENT SOLICITORS *
IM18M
Social y ot CIvU Knftsieere.
w*: i KfiT.a dT
The Cioaiian Government is sending lumber to the island of Vincent in the West ladies. It will go in bond to Norfold, Vi., a id from there will be carried by a collier of the United States
J. J. TURNER,
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
tüügfi
month, a variety of articles always on hand for sale; OtEcs : Bhawvllle, Que.
MacLEAN PUB. CO.. Limited (
Montreal and Toronto.
navy

an
James McNel, the veteran tisheiman who makes hie headquarters at the mouth of the Nottawaeaga river, last week captured perhaps the largest tturgeon ever taken in Georgian Bay; it ia at least the biggest we have heard of. The huge fieb weighed 229 pounds and measured 7 feet U inches in length. It was as much a* McNeil and him assistant cou'd do tc land the monster from the net. Sturgeons are sluggish at this season, and if this one had possessed the energy that they exhibit later in the year it might have been impossible to make the cap lure in a small boat.—Creemore Star.
Alfred Brule, who accidentally shot himseif last week at Buckingham, is dead, as the result of the injury received.
The Dominion Government has completed arrangements with the Allan, Elder Dempster, Thompson, Donaldson, and Manchester lines for the installation of an entirely new system of cold storage on their stei mers.
Ao interesting maniage ceremony | I performed by Kev. Father Leduc in St. Alphninus church, Chapeau, on Wednesday, May 2l, which united Miss Rose Ann Kelletr, a very amiable young lady of Allumette island, to Mr. Louie Carroll, an ambitious ‘young man of Waltham. The biide was becomingly attired in fawn poplin with white satin and p?ail trimmings and wore a beautiful white chitfon hat. The bride was assisted by her friend Miss Pnupore, who performed the duties of bridesmaid graeefuly, while the groom was ably supported by his brother Thomas. After the nuptial mass (he happy couple with their friends, drove to the ree dence of the bride's patents, Mr. and Mrs. Michael Kellett, where an elegant dinner awaited them. The bride received many beautiful pre «enta, among them a handsome gold hracefet will settings of rubiis and eirla, the gift of the groom.
G, l. llOMliSOI,
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
PATENTS
Word reached Winnipeg that Mias Murray and Miss Younghusband, Manitoba young ladies, who volunteered for teaching service in South Africa, became engaged on the voyage acroas the Atlantic, and will return to England to become brides after completing a year’s service in South Africa.
O
and
A
JEWELLER
was
PROMPTLY SECURED
»

À SELECT STOCK Of
WATCHR8,
CLOCKS,
JgWBLLBRT.
- 8ILVBRWAJI1
Ac. Ao.
Write for our interesting books •• lev or’s help” and " Mow you arc swindled."
Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion a» to whether it is probably, patentable. Rejected applications have often,
been successfully prosecuted *y us. We conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal and Washington ; this qualifie» us to promptly dispatch work and quickly secure Patenta as broad as the invention. Highest references
Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special settee without charge in over ioo newspapers distributed throughout
the Dominion.	.	,	.	'	.
Specialty —Patent business of Manufacturers ana Engineers.
MARION & MARION
Patent Experts end Solicitor*.
ym
*
Miss Serdinnand R gar, of Alma at.9 Hull, who was burned by the explosion of s lamp Tuesday afternoon, died Nie following afternoon about 2 o’clock. Deceased was carrying the lamp upstairs when the accident happened. She was burned about the body by the explosion of a lamp and ran screaming to the street. Medical aid was summoned and she lingered about a day,
kVaw

fi*/il Æ
\

it

Interprovincial Bridge Cut Off.
R HAVR TORN UP SWITCH AND PUT DOWN STOP BLOCKS
The Canids Atlantic Railway authorities have torn up the switch at- (Hf Central station, thus making it impossible for any trains to cross the Interprorincia bridge to or from the station. Mr Chamberlin said that as the Gatineau and Pontiac trains no longer come into th« Central station it ia a needless expenst and danger to retain the switch and frogs. Instead atop blocks will be put the north of the station simil ar t< those which were there before.
Russian newspapers state that Gen. Von Wabl, Governor of Vina, wu shot for cruelties perpetrated upon political prisoners under his orders. He had been condemned to death by the Central Revolutionary Committee, and received warning to that effect.
Pembroke, May 27,—Mr. S. Cshil , of Weatmesth. passed sway in death on the 23rd inst., in the gen ers 1 hospital here. He underwent an operation but was too weak to survive. The deceased was born at Calumet Island was highly esteemed. The remains were taken to Westmeath by bit brother James, for intermint. The deceased's brother Harmon died about one month ago.

RspAtBiao—
a Speciality:
»
0. A

SBA1V1LLE, 1.
k l
Catharine Emily Oram, wife of Wm.F. Sinn, of Braeside. and daughter of George Oram, of McNab died very suddenly
Death was due to
Teacher Wanted.
mh of June- 1 PBTKB mclban.
Sec.-Treasurer, Bryson Que
Wedneeday evening, a dost) of CBrbolio	• Ü wjto 0 P
poied by » mi,tike for other medicine.
Decea*ed wee in her 33rd year end the
mother of three children, the youngeet »n infent. The remain, were interred in
the Amprior cemetery.
II#
I. B. Lucas, conservative, has been sleeted by acclamation in Centre G ey.
in on
794146
###PAGE###6###

W! BAT TOO MUCH MEAT, !
Elrl^aVZH131 ™EBI ouhemboiiikk i tsfïossjs. "Sa£
SîüriJï ZZZxm. one OF MAEÏ lï S SXTh XLi:i£t\*~u?&S!s‘fg£' "•
maintaining the boily in n perfect	TO WEAR A CROWN.	Louie XIV. ami Louie XV. each 8.	,	NEWS BY MAIL ABOUT
###:%	:W #	5 #s.=-5
jz rr^rciî «2K“ï&ffKMLS	swrr	tc :%r"
by reason of any suixrior merit of trogonous or protein bodies and the I ils fuli lfuota of the potentates in	0 '	___ »	Ktneruiiy eovoted with snow, says'	tilUrs‘
ils principles as because economical carbohydrate», in acktiUon to these, pinaforos *h° have helped to rule	aOOKo wrvjm urw"™ mv	i* ! ‘ü^trK, Cu[tis, ,n the Chicago!	Mails were first sunt by	railway in
[considerations compel it# adoption, U,ey contain those mineral elements j 10 wor^' ,n t-he last sixty-nine	1	‘ ' MI*,N IN JOY.	tecord-Iierald. As I have explained! IN.'to between Liverpool and Man-
says >!. XV. Wiley, chief of tho bureau of which tho bony structure of the	counting Alfonso in the ranks r, t .	.	,	.	° ,0» *bo lorm Mount Lebanon is Chester.
of chemistry, United State# Vcpurt- boc*y is composed, viz., lime and I ?! . the interesting little company, er	ran ly read anything heavi- misleading. There is no i>enk of	It is said that	dark people me
ment, of Agriculture.	phosphoric acid, if, therefore, man iPam and Portugal between them	r	,	a ‘rench novel.	that nnuie which is applied to a lofty multiplying and	the fair	dwindling
There is no doubt of the fact that Wtir# cunlined to a single diet, there have seon two queens in tiny short L,Lord ^*vo said that "Robinson ,un#e xx ith several conspicuous sum- in number in Britain.	*
meat eating is not essential to hu- nothing which would bo so suit- , r®ssea and two kings in Eton (-,*U800” beat any book hoover read. nn,s oxtending about 100 miles from Tho î>uL» of Wnrt	.
man life, and that man can be nour- ah!e for his use a» the cereal». Jft^0^8'	,ht* <fohn Chrysostom never tired t,ie neighborhood of Damascus to the given £15 000 for th« numnM Ul*
îmIksI, and well nourished, without Starch and sugar are primarily the I mdorn history numbers thirty-six of reading or of praising the works Isoa and ,>cinff about twenty-five building now echnnl* n. Ahu.,nv re-sorting to a flesh diet. The prin- foo ls which furnish animal beat and ! ?uch ^all monarch*. Brazil, Greece, of the Apostle John.	|mllee broad from base to f# ,	, °	Alnwick
ci pa I argument for tho use of moat energy, and, hence, should be used !	• ngland, Scotland, Sweden ! James I. of England was a lover baee« The most elevated # pt oposed to establish
is bawd upon taste, since it Is ad-	in groat abundance by those who	^ d Austria each contributing to of tbo classics and very familiar with pcak® are those that I havo
milted by all that tho function of	ar© engaged in manual labor. The	,	,	1)f twenty-five royal girls, most of tho Latin writers.	just mentioned. Mount Herman, 9,-
foods, so far as the human animal j workingmen of our country, espe-1 m<\a of w ,,m bxed unhappy lives, Bunyan read little besides his Bi- '$8,t fcct; Pahar-el-Kudhib, 10,020 is concerned at least, extends con- cially, should consider this point.	‘VK.	n,fail,*v	,	wbom	m®t untimely or	Me, and often said that Christians	«Tebel-Makmal, 10,016; ’ El
sidernbly beyond the necessities uf and accustom themselves more and	V1.,	Uls*	would do well to read no other book.	Miskych, 10,067; Fum-el-Mizah. 9 -
nutrition. Food is a factor in so- ; moi o to the use of coroals in their » ,n, t>u '.u.s own grandmother, Isa- Salvator Rosa liked any kind of Sannln, 8,900 foot. These rial economy a ml an important one j foods. When properly prepared and	‘ Was 0,16 °f thoso into ! poetry, but more especially that re- p0ftks ftre broken by rugged ridges,
in domestic economy. Not only do	properly served they are palatable, |	.	“’s>* 1 0 calM0 mucb sorrow. She j lating to the country or	country Lprcc,pitous dills and deep gorges A
we demand that our food be nutri-	us well as nutritious, and their ju-	?	° 1,10 throne when a child of scenes.	' 'parallel range, which does not reach
but also that it he palatable, dicious use in this way would tend (îoa" . a<’Uf‘a.,,y took up tho reins Hume said that Tacitus was the|so Krcat a height, is known as Anti-I Just at the present time, however, j to diminish the craving for flesh. ri' . ‘, tvn y Ca rs later.	ablest writer that over lived, ftn(j | Lebanon.
tho necessities of nutrition are pro- wliieh however, it is not advisable	BtenJilv''4 began, to be	himself tried to model his style on*	When the word Lebanon is used the
rented which demand careful atien- to exclude entirely from the siet. By |	jif '	f	inuod	'throiyhout her	that of the Roman historian/ I	higher range is meant, and it is ,o-
with0l,t indulging too freely in tlio Although tho King is, us a rule, a died of a broken heart '	*	' ?! th,!	his 1,681 M6'» and 6,300 feet and are known ns
s~œs.¥Ts{srsiTs.*-%%‘JJïïïæ j;ckat™aadKJtts,arsar
not »o high, but after losing Jo per ; jlis Majesty, never very fond 0f	crowned, for Edward V., ftn ^I(1 counfry church, paying very L,^ UttVtiti.cs of Material Required: tram-car» are converted. The latest,
cent, of the meat in refuse, the I*ur- letter-writing at any time irenei-illv 1 ! >V succcet,inK to tho throne | ?reat attention to the service. Dur- 10 s,ze [or two y^ars will require aad one of the best, is seen in tho r l:lser ain safely count upon having reserves penning hie private epistles i l' *0” 11' Rpcnt tl,e twelxc weeks of \ng the 8Prraon ono of them heard a !rfc yards of lawn thirty-six inches rawing in twain crosswise of a car
s&r s-sters. rs : rsurJ*F - -	....	sr
r. ni ui the total weight received can | once had a letter from liis Majesty, I ,renry VIH. began his reign when back and his mouth wide open. ?f ft yQrd of tucking will be needed at London, that has been in cxistr bo regarded as nutritive value. , us 11mce of Wales, which coin- ftnd when the throne descended The temptation was too strong for for tho y°k<?. Three and one-half ence s,nco 1828, is doomed to ex-
*3*i
___.___ L-.nJ*........-, ww*.	jT~A c-*"¦"
tlon of material# of the same kind,	.nnd th,'ou«h all more than four year# for their com- one of the smoker#	*	d . 1 *ald- Str. I wish to marry vour
if.:,	a
;s.br ,w^	z-çzzs.% Mr
».«—<—mi—.- -wy AisrssJ&iisaYs:-s
LEBANON’S OLD TREES.
IB HlfiBT OLD SBBLA8B
SOME GOOD SUBSTITUTES ARE OB® SUGGESTED.
JOHN
as a Rule. Over-InAppetite In Regard-to Meat Diet.
Humanit
dulges

to the British Africa is 204,000
oi
a servi co of motor cars between Northium Itye and Hastings for the carriage of farm produce and general merchandise.
>
“Love letters.
business letters, poetry, songs, etc., written to order by literary gentleman,M states tieo posted in n shop window Cardiff.
a no-
nt
in
The rector
turns
of Birmingham ea.ys that the long hours in shops constantly making more consumptive patients than all the consumptive hospitals could ever cure.
are
TOO MUCH MEAT
died
was
of) Of all
he formerly covered the slopes " anon only five remain to-day and wan they are limited in
South
U1 verst on
has a "Two G1h£m\<hv.
înnwn11 »itU^ ÜOO^all'oÎ
, not to drink more than a couple of of J glasses of beer during any evening.
Lord Greenock, who has just cele-his forty-seventh birthday, in tho Scots Guards,
niiin, With
thnvl !irtLstlc glfts# whicb ho displays in " landscapes.
THE WASTE IN MEAT
tho

gas
mo-
ot
to
now
pur-
and
IB
at
and return them highest portable
At the early breakfasts which
are
hearty
she married
Both well When 25, and through
•ai.„. b.. ,0». 1 ^arajsi
I 19
vulHAIV *Ji

###PAGE###7###
i
J
V
t
* -
f


PAPBB-FOUftHT BATTUS.
TOBACCO TRADITIONS
ONLY 4 DAYS TO CANADA
â Ferlloei Profcailon.
There are some astrologers In China,
HEALTH AND THE WHEEL
NOTES AND COMMENTS
. .	.	|	|	„	- , Give the delicate girl a wheel—but
but not many, as astrology Is a very	watch her; watch her closely.	It	will,
Perilous profession. When one of these	not answer to let her overdo.	It	will ! NEW
so called prophets predicts an event be your fault if she does, but it will he
which does not occur, he loses his head. | laid unjustly to the wheel, if by her
want of judgment and inexperience ebe I London Engineer Has Designed
The Piste Is Verr 014.	i injures her health.	a Vessel on Lines of New
The flute Is very old in Its origin, bdt 1,0 no} allow your delicate daughter |	Discovery.
MMSKMjSS sv-SgLeva J 5 !, HI ¦	».
upon fiom time to time, and the old	? pace ehg|| ^ moderate, and	the	dis- suiting	engineers	and	naval	archl-
people would probably fall to recognise	tance travelled not too far	for	her tecta, has	designed	an	Atlantic liner
It now. The flageolet, which Is some- | strength to hold out what similar, Is credited to Juvigny
The Value of Smoking in Epi
demie Disease. ~
LEARNING LESSONS IN THE ART OF WARFARE.
ATLANTIC LINE» TS BREAK THE RECORD.
It is commonly taken for granted *;the ? increused
propos* by the Gorman Imperial | How 0ermaa a” yr#nch officer.
ftÉNMMlKKtho Reichstag
The belief that tobu smoke Is a disinfectant has long been popularly held, says the London LancoU As long ago as 1888 Dr. Paul Toe-slnari, of Pisa, subjected the germs of \arioue deadly diseases (such as anthrax, cholera, and typhus fever) to the action of dense clouds of Imprisoned tobacco smoke during periods of 100 and 150 hours, and he came to the conclusion that in
and especially when
Have Studied the South African War.
«till higher duties demanded by the Agrarien party represent simply a
No war has ever before been $ fol-
protoct native industries I lowed with such careful attention
abroad as the present war. Every H	M I I I I	big battle in Mouth Africa has been
as the agricultural interest is con-	(ought over and over again on paper
cerned, the assumption is undoubted-	in hundreds of military clubs and
ly warranted: tin Agrarians ha va no	bsenÜW % ^rgo cigare had been employed as
other end in view but to secure ft	Merest in oven the smaller engage-	generators, the development of	pa-
monopoly of the homo market for	monts that thousands of pounds	thogonlc bacteria was either	par
Government is powerfully influenced	tigtyH Pearson’» Weekly. Strange to	al pipe, indeed, scarcely counts	in
by the recognized necessity of aug-	say, however, our own military men	comparison with Dr. Teas hi a ri	s	in-
«. »*,»	...... sjsrïsxæz?*:	z
fBCt has hitherto Win ovwiooki d	fn tjomo Berlin 1 military Italian investigator, would not the,
in most of the military smoke of coal or wood produce the1
same results as that of the cigar ?
It is recorded that during the
Mr. H. E. J. Camps, of the Loo*
against foreign competition. Mo far
capable of beating the Trans-Allan* Of course, as she rides end becomes I tic record by almost two days accustomed to the exercise, she will gain j During the last few years the suo In strength and the ability to take care | cess of a few of tho English type» of herself—but watch her still. Youth of water tube boilers has become is so thoughtless and careless. See that assured, und, owing to the vast she does not ride when the noonday sun ; strides made in the design and rouis pouring out his pitiless rays. A short ; struct ion of steam turbines, this ride in the early morning, and another form of engine is now well within in the gloaming, is far better than one the range of practicability, selves with shells and, keeping the long trip taken in any part of tho day. j Mr, Camps has taken advantage
wounds open a long time, form deep Look to it that she is properly cloth - 0f this great advance and tho steam-scars in the flesh, which they deem ed, that a jacket is taken along, no mat- j cr which he has designed he propose» highly ornamental. Another singular ter how warm the day, to be put on in working with turbine engines sup-mutilation is made among them, when case of a sudden change in the weather pijef] with steam by water tul>e In Infancy they take off the little finger when she is resting fn some cool shady boiler»
mm»»w	i..££s..«!ir'z%wt %
Be sure that she does not cool off too | ricd jn tho double-bottom of the
r«* «	o, » jss?Arzr# ;	....
ceptacle for grain or other substances, perspiration. A bath, fresh undercloth ! Mr Cami#H . wjll not ho ,eSM ^an The expression at first bad no refer- | ing, a loose gown and a rest in a cool, thiJ.ty knots an hour, more than
darkened room-» nap if possible- l,x knots faster than the swiftest
should supplement ndea for health. lingr afloat. This is got without
Creamy Collars.	I f ho ideal way for her to 11« e h- up'> sacrifice of strength or stability.
mm =5i wmmm
rectly after to raise the pile.	| How many mothers are worrying to
day over the round shoulders and hoi	.
.r i-ar s I EHiE§©r£!|j EH"Is5"5 — “5
The soil gets so full of feeding roots give a fictitious and short-lived appetite,! IMMENSE ENGINE POWER that nourishment must be supplied ex- ^nt no real gain is made in health. I "My steamer is over 700 feet long traneously.	A good	fertilizer supplies	I Mother, your girl does not need stars,	j —about the sumo length as the
the plant with food quite as sufficiently	I braces or mdeicines, but good wholesome	Oceanic. To drive her at tho stated
as would repotting.	| outdoor life; this will give appetite for speed the huge installation of 80,-
food and healthy sleep.	! 000 horse power has been decided
Then, as she gains strength, she will	Up0n. This is more than double the
straighten up, her shoulder-blades will	horse-power in any existing or pro-
r“r'ZTTZ-wtk.ÆŒ,K‘ 5
pits and mashed by handfuls like iai- |and ahe will never have to give up the thc Deutschland, the Hamburg-Am-
pleasurc of riding because ‘ she is not cidcan crnck, 35,600. • strong enough to ride a bicycle.”	| "Jn spite of this f am able to save
than per	the
of machinery and boilers over the ordinary type of liners.
"Tho boat will be not only tho fastest vessel afloat, but the ncut-
cases
A Dose of Arsenlo.
The usually fatal dose of arsenic Is two grains.
no-
In New Holland the women cut them
that the duties leviable on the pro clubs, and
posed higher seule advocated by I academics in Germany, large rooms ¦¦¦¦¦Agsegi™™™™™* g tyivc been set aside for the purpose
of fighting tho South African war. Great Plague children were told to to yield an annual addition of bo These rooms are furnished with smoko in their schoolrooms. Tho tween forty-five and fifty million dol- largo tables, on which are stretched Idea was probably borrowed from
It will detailed and large scale maps of the custom of the buriers of tho dead different portions of South Africa in on their way, in charge of dend-which important fights have taken carts, to Holywell Mount. We read place. So far as possible these maps in “A Brief Abstract of the Vir-aro kept up to date by map-makers, tues of the American Tobacco Plant"
- who are specially employed to mark published in 1783, , that at first it might have been foreseen that on maps every drift, donga, and these persons only used tobacco as
the financial resources of the Em- kopje, which are mentioned by & deodorizer, "little thinking that
its constituent States * nowffipaper correspondents, or in what they used for momentary relief
official despatches*from the seat of would prove a constant preventive, war, and which were not originally When the plague was happily stuy-nomic crisis through which Germany I recorded on the mape. This noces- ed, the virtues of tobacco began to has been passing, and from which it | earlly entails an infinitude of be investigated ; it was found that
trouble. On more than one occasion those persons who plentifully used German military authorities have It, either in smoking or snuffing, had jy. on tho one hand, tho power o* cAt>led out to South Africa merely most wonderfully escaped the dire
the taxpayers to moot exactions has to discover tho exact position of contagion ; for though they visited been crippled, while on the other | »omo drift or donga mentioned in the chambers of the sick, attended
u.[«t....	...I
and medium-sized towns nearly five upon tho mans should not be lost feet Ion." The writer even goes so per cent, of the operatives and ar-|or won under	| fur as to advance the theory that
Europe
In which the battles I dem‘C81 had.	decreased and
wo find him stating the belief that
dealers in tobacco were secure from
piuguo infection. Yet he can assign
Chancellor von BuZow are expected
Peek
lara to the imperial revenue be easy to show that a considerable addition is Imperatively needed.
ence to size
pire and of would be affected by the severe eco-
taking the proposed route of the Canadian fast Atlantic service the
can hardly expect to recover quick
be
Potted Plants
ANY MISAPPREHENSION
tisane have been thrown out of work and made dependent upon charity, the governments of constituent
B The manner
are fought over those map# is gen-I III	I - B , erally as follows : All procurable
States, including notably Prussia details and particulars of an en-, and Wurtemberg, have boon obliged gagement having been obtained and no reason why tobacco should prove
- —- -——
are to lead the British and Boer	a**in»t exhalations,
the bills providing for a colossal ex-1 forces respectively, each leader is Workmen in tobacco factories are
...»„.|jj».“gjrf-s*» T.
present the forces. These pieces 0f	interesting to trace this belief back.
|is no I WOO(| are go made that they dove-	Abroad it probably received its first
doubt that	in	some	of	the	constituent tail, each separate .piece counting as	i impet us in 1 oulouse, where shortly
%,a,„ U,,
the divisions of tho armies may ^ i said to have remained immune dur-to make both ends I accurately represented, and broken I	deadly epidemic of suetto
I up or concentrated when necessorv j	(swearing sickness). The belie! may
during the progress of the fight. In-	P°rhaps, be of the nature of folk-
fan try is represented by red wood,	l°ro- The medical man attached to
mounted men by blue, and artillery I	the Bordeaux State factory thought
I	MM®	green or yellow. In this way it is	that this local industry was a verit-
Saxony a heavy deficit is looked	for.	made possible for the onlookers to	*ble blessing to a damp and foggy
It will	be	remembered	that, under | see at a glance the exact disposition	town. "The piquant and ammonia-
of the forces, their strength In num*	ca* omanations arising from the tubers, mounted men, and guns.	bacco qualify the air and diminish
The gentlemen commanding tho [ its insalubrity. Before the establish-|g	ment of this factory the poorer parts
An Ant Mneh.
A favorite dish of the East Indians la
sins
again, the assent of tho Reichstag td
To Freshen Ratals#.
If figs or raisins have dried up so they seem chippy, put them on a plate In a steamer and set over boiling wa- A famous lawyer onco had a «m-
ter. In half an hour they will be plump B’,lar cns®. lo, "ettlc- ,A, ,lhy8,"“:" ¦a when Juat bought. Allow the mol* «m. ^ h,m in great distress. Two
ture to dr, off and roll them in confec	equal "âge who so re-
tloners sugar before putting them gcmbled oach other that their own
EASY TO SETTLE
huge additional burden upon the Federal Exchequer. There
est.
same house
"The present would be the best opportunity for the Canadian Government to step in with its fast line, so long suggested. 1 am willing to place my services at the disposal of Canada and to give the Dominion Government the benefit of my ideas.
"This would enable them to checkmate tho operations of any hostile trust, and to annex the passenger traffic hf the North Atlantic by feeding the United States through Canadian ports, tho reduction in tho time occupied for the journey Wing sure to prove irresistible to the great majority of passenger»."
Mr. Camps is a level-headed, experienced man. lie had his early training with the great firm of liar* land and WoUT. For several year# h* was with Palmers, of Jarrow, and he has also had experience in northeast coast yard». He occupied a high position in the firm of Sir Ravlton Dixon and Company.
cal finances have found it difficult, if not impossible meet.
mothers were unable to distinguish them when they were together.
Now it happened that by the carelessness af the nurses the children had become mixed, and how the mothers to make sure that they received back their own infants ?
perhaps
Insecte In Greece.
Greece uses more than 5,000 tons c*. copper sulphate per annum for kilHt/* insects, especially those that feed upoa the currant bush.
were
To balance even tho Prussian bud
get has been no easy task, and
said the lawyer, the children weren't changed at all.' "Oh. but there's no doubt they
said the physician.
Fertile Egypt.
The fertility of Egyptian soil is Illustrated by the fact that every one of 10,500 square miles can support 928
the Constitution of the German Empire, wherever the Imperial revenue
falls short of imperial expenditure, | two forces first arrange their
a manner as exactly like Hi
in which	tho	actual	forces	epidemics and contagions now
were arranged	for	the	actual	battle	known. The deathrato among
-acted from tho constituent States, (to be represented ns possible. This tobacco workmen is, he adds, very
the battle is fought on the low, while very few cases of illness line laid down by the most reliable occur among them, although they newspaper descriptions of the fight, are ln general ill-lodged and clothed to the ever-increasing and official despatches. After this and even worse fed."
weight of the matricular cont dbu- the same battle is fought again, but Wo have no new facts to add in
s— n " — u“t	=£S5 o,„ £dSr sltz «,. ««.
more successful	or	less	disastrous	yot, at any rate, there is nothihg that	London	consumes	no	fewer	than
authoritative to be said.	15,000,000Tfowls	a	year,	which if	even-
ly divided among the population would allow about three per head per annum.
were changed !
"Arc you sure of it ?"
"Perfectly/*
"Well, if that's the case, why don't you change them back again ? I don't see any difficulty in the case."
__ ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
the I °* Bordeaux had been ravaged by | persons, whereas even ln densely popu-
un- lated Belgium there are on:y 580 to the the, square mile.
the deficiency is made good by so-called matricular contributions ex-
manner
the present time some of these States done
Matchmaker*.
It takes the constant labor of 00.000 people to make matches for the world.
DANIEL DID SO
complain that their financial bles are due
trou
During one of their college vacations Daniel and his brother return-I to their father’s farm he had a right to some return for the money he had expended on their
education scythes and requested them to mow. Daniel made a few sweeps and then stopped to wipe his brow and rest. "What's the matter, Dan? '

Thinking
London Like# Fowl#
revenue has risen from about $385,000,000 in 1898-99 to an estimated
the father gave them
GOT IIIS ANSWER
THAN THE ACTUAL WAY
amount of over $585,000.000 for tho
next fiscal year. The expenditure, it is really very far from being so,
however, for imperial purposes has	%%	At Lord Rothschild’s magnificent
From the battle is	Fl"a.dll*l •¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦(¦¦¦¦I	|
seen, us tho mock-fight proceeds,	ly’ as at hls country seat at Tring,	nvoid the risk of losing their places by	His	father	fixed	it	and	Dan
tlcipated by the imperial estimates where the weak points ou both sides	a,1(* *n all the other Rothschild resi-	oversleeping by tying a string to one	to	work	again,	but	with	no
H® I* 1ÜËÉ iifpi
State. Plie deficit, therefore, must are tpue or unreliable, in fact, have	reason of the beauty and splendor of
be made good by a loan, although a bird's-eye view of a battlefield,	its immediate surroundings, at once
during tho last ten years tho imper- which is what every general in a	catches the eye. This is in compli-	A German sanitarium regrets that so
ial debt has been considerably en- real battle longs to have.	ante with the rule among all ortho-	little use Is made of goats' milk. Its
,	,	,	...	...	.	In all cases tho maimer in which dox Jews that they should have no advantages over, cows’ milk are, be
k n ( a îougn it was only the these battles on paper are fought is	permanent abiding place until they	says, that-It is richer, more like human
other day that tho last issue of much the same in essential par tic u-	are restored to the Holy Land, and	nnd absolutely free from germs of
bonds took place.	I are, though no two cases are ex- this unfinished bit of stone is to
actiy alike. In some cases the forces mark that the abode is merely tom-are represented by slips of card- porary and incomplete, board, on which are written the number of men each slip represents ;
In other cases the precise disposition of tho forces is merely marked on the maps of tho scene of action, and the fight conducted by word of mouth. Tho latter, which is flagrantly unreliable, is mostly favored in London military clubs.
ln every case tho most trivial bit of intelligence bearing upon the battles, how tho forces moved, tho difficulties they had to encounter, and tho way in which they overcame them is sought for, noted and rebill Introduced by the Government, membered for the peculiarities of
™	° «*» —" "y	ZZT U	n'nm« !«r £
the Agrarians,	with	a	single	eye	to	have the British or	Boer generals,	ships," said the haughty captain;
the monopoly	of	tho	domestic	mar-	As a German military	officer remark-	"they all have to end in *ic/ you
ed to an Englishman	shortly after	know." "Wouldn’t Seasic bo a suit-	the	world.	It	must	be	a	burly	bird
tho battle of Colenso	:	abl0 namc for a ship?" suggested	which	picks up	the worm	in	Glppsland.
"You	the Boers	Mooney
tail, rather than expand, the imper- you are fighting the extraordinary	. j ..	,,, h 0 hntl prov_	Yawning,	Bread riots have broken out at
It is doubtless,.for this topographical eccentricities of South od tt) me tjlat advertising brings re- It is not merely a common saying Aleppo, in the northern part of Sy-
Africa.	-- " Second Jeweller: "What that yawning is “catching,” but the via, in consequence of the increase of
First Jeweller: highest scientific authorities say that the price of gram
"Did
about tho empty box ?
Tell me about it there’s nothing in it."
It all sounds a trifle childish, but
It was a village post office. As lit many villages, the office was also a general shop. It had, in fact, been the shop of the village, but within a few months a rival establishment had been sot up. Yes. another shop had been opened, and the fickle villagers were already beginning to flock to it. Smithers, the post office shopkeeper, was furious. One day a villager entered and asked for a letter, Smithers eyed him severely. Ho was one of those who had gone over to the new shop.
"No, there's no letter for you/' he said. "I told you so yes ter-
EVER WANDERERS
xsked
Morocco Mall Carriers
his father.
"My scythe don’t hang right, sir."
went better
more than kept pace with the increase of revenue, and a deficit is nn-
Mall carriers in Morocco are said to
Something was wrong with
success
the implement, and it was not long before it needed fixing again, when his father said, impatiently:
"Well, hang it to suit yourself." Daniel, with great composure, hung it on a near tree and retired from the
Goat»’ Milk
field
AUSTRALIA'S CHURCHES Australia
more
try, the number being 6,013, or 210 churches to every 100,000 people. England has 144 churches to every 100,000; Russia only fifty-five to the same number.
day
"But there might bo one to-day/1 was the not unreasonable suggestion.
might, might there?" Well, then, there
has, proportionately, churches than any other coun-
Oh, there
tuberculosis.
sneered Smithers ain't."
But you haven’t looked Haven’t 1?"
Cashing*# Way.
“Caleb Cushing would go into the street and ask information of the shabbiest negro if in that way he could learn what he wished to know,” said one who was associated with him ln
If by a now tariff an addition of from forty-five to fifty million dollars could be made to tho imperial revenue, it would be possible to avoid a recurrence to loans for some time to come, while the matricular contributions might be lightened, or, at all events, not augmented. To insure such an increase, however, it would be necessary for the tariff adopted by the Reichstag to adhere for the most part to the lines of tho
No
BIRDS AS SIIEEP DOGS
"Oh, indeed! Well, you’ve got your answer and that’s enough.”
"But it ain't---"
"Confound you!".screamed the furious Smithers, stepping off his stool and flinging himself all over the
an answer no. not
you go and get your letters you buy your goods!”
Tho yakamic, or trumpeter, of Venezuela, a fowl of tho crane species, is a bird of extraordinary intelligence.
Tho natives use them instead of I W asliington sheep dogs for guarding and herding
how
A sheep eats 7 cwt. of grass in a year, a cow 60 cwt.
London contains one-fourth of all English people who live pi towns.
Tho biggest price ever paid in England for a cow was £1.200 for "Guida
The French Government makes 12 to 14 millions a year clear profit on its tobacco industry.
30,000 tons of writing paper a year and 150 miles a day of wallpaper is the output of the largest paper factory in the world.
Lobster# end Crab#
It is said that
their flocks
over far the yakamic may wander with the flocks, it never fails to find I heaviest are the best The male lob-its way homo at night, driving be- ster, though generally smaller, has the fore it all the creatures entrusted to j best flavor, its care
"Won’t you take No’ for . I tell you again — no. And if you ain't satisfied,
where
In buying lobsters and crabs the
in 1880
<
Big Earthworm#.
Earthworms six feet long are found In Gippslaud, Victoria. They live In burrows ou the sloping sides of creeks and arc the largest variety found in
A SCHOOL FOR DOGS. .
A school for dogs is the latest development of the educational movement. It has been established in Paris with the object of teaching, not letter, but politeness schoolroom is furnished with chairs, tables, and rugs to give the necessary "local color" to the surroundings. The dog pupils arc trained to welcome «visitors by jumping up, wagging the tail, and giving a low bark. When tho visitor leaves the dog accompanies him to the door and bows his farewell by bending his head to the floor. Tic is trained likewise to pick up a handkerchief, glove, or fan that has dropped and to return it to the owner. He Is taught, further, to walk with "proud and prancing steps” when out with his mistress.
If you don’t quit eating so Willie, you will be sick.”
¦¦¦
"Won’t it be time enough to quit
Tho
kot, would prove practically prohibitive, and, consequently, would cur-
then?
ial revenue
that Chancellor von Bulow has set his face like flint against the Agrarian proposals, quite as much
suits was
"Yesterday evening I advertised for | it is unquestionably true A good story is told of a certain I a watchman, and during the nightggggggg^ggg as because he sees that the right to | self-made man, whose desire to my shop was burglarized.”	The Kola Bride.
admit foreign products under a rela- "«how himself ofi” was only exceed-1 Firgt Traveller (taking cigar from The Zulu bride is not properly mar-lively moderate scale of duties Is in-1 c1<! bv hi* ignorance. t dimur one Ljfl fas0); “Have you a match on rled until she has thrown a calabash of
°"eWCll-knoWn you?" Second Traveller (insinuât- waler over her husband, plentifully be
K	1	He had no	epigram.	After his	guests	w 1 J °"7
expected	deficit	in	the	imperial	bud-	wcro gone	he called	the cook	"Wlmt is meant by the	lap	of
get is	met	with	a	loan,	an	increased!	"Didn't I give you early blnnchv I luxur>^ ' nskpd	a teacher ot	a class
of little girls.	"Please, ma	am,	I To rem< varnish from the bands |
know." exclaimed the smallest of the] ru^ them with a little methylated spirit, wipe with a soft rag and then wash thoroughly with soap and water.
reason
A TASK FOR TTIE COOK
You did ’No use—
not
He: "But don’t you think you arc eomewhnt extravagant." His Daugh-Now, papa, don’t be unreasonable! You know I never ask you for money except when I haven't any!"
dispensable to the conclusion of com
ter
man manufactui ^
mistress.
Ho (after having slipped the on gagomont ring on her linger)
pleased with it, darling?" Delighted, George. It is so
+-
And
Varnish State*.
TO STOP LETTER STEALING.
The French postoffice estimate* that no fewer than 98,000 letters were stolen last year from pillar boxes. Experiments arc being made by fitting some of the boxes with steel teeth, which prevent the extraction of letters, in the hope of guarding against these thefts Is the fur
ture.
are you
She:	"
different from anything of the sort I’ve ever had before ’
for this dinner ?” he demanded.
"Yes, sir—you did. sir," replied the cook
revenue must be procured. If only to provide interest and a sinking fund for the recent and prospective additions to the public debt.
Well
Well, now it seems that at I what is it, dear?” inquired the teacli-
tho cat steals lap* the cream
¦
lot
You
Here, air, is a book that should be in every family. It contains a receipt for everything." Cholly:	"Give mo three copies. If
it has a receipt for my tailor's bill I'll take five."
Agent
X’s they have epigrams at dessert, j <*r kindly and good* ones too, and folk miss into the larder
liixon—"Do you believe that man I'em when they come here. Now, off the milk," responded tho little originally sprang from the monkey?" you'll have to servo up epigrams— one. And the teacher, on refiectfop, Dixon—"No; but I believe all wo- and, what's more, cook 'em better wasn’t quite sure that her pupil was. men spring from mice.	I than anyone else 1"	* wrong»	I
The Tarklah Fee.
There Is only one fez factory ln Turkey. Austria makes nearly ill of the Turlish national headgear.


###PAGE###8###


r
E. HODCINS 4 SOI S AOVT.
HOLD UP
Shoes for Everybody
a minute and read tblw, If your clothe* ure beginning to Approach n condition of in nocuous desuetude, which will make it necessary to dhoard them. We want your patronage not for one time only, but permanently. If we con get the former we are certain to secure the latter. Why f Our stock is so large we will have the kind you wont. By selling so many Suit* it enables us to sell so cheap. Our fit and workmanship are nil right
BARGAINS IN WHITEWEAR
We have grandfather's slippers And baby's first pair ;
Shoes for the homely And shoes for the fuir,
Here are shoes for the golfer And shoes for the “ fan,"
And we might, find a shoe For the one legged man.
We’re acknowledged headquarters For this class of news,
So call at our store For your next pair of shoes.
Two-thirds of our lives We spend in our shoes ;
So now on this topic Pray let us enthuse.
Our styles are the latest.
Our stock is complete.
From the cruisers rough boot To an Oxford, petite.
We have shoes for the young And shoes for the old ;
Shoes for the timid,
And likewise the bold.
We have a few lines of Ladies’ Whitewe&r which we will offer at greatly reduced prices
M. STEWART.
Night Gowns Underskirts Drawers Chemeses Corset Covers
A. R. McGUIRE,
Main Street, Shawville.
The Tailor.
The Barondale Veterinary IV|edicines.
Stylish Dress Goods
•a n d-

\

w
Dainty Waist Fabrics!
These are real nice, well-finished goods, and are sure to sell quickly.
After Using
Before Using
Now is the time to purchase a box of the Barondale Condition Powders.
the blood, remove hy condition for the all who use it. We
Customers will find that our Stock appeals not only to the “High Class” but also to the mighty “ Middle Class."
Animals this season of the year require somet hing to purify the old coat of hair, restore the appetite and put him in a health Spring work. Our condition medicines is highly endorsed, by have many testimonials testifying to its good results. Once tried, always used.
Testimonial.—About as had a case of heaves as ever developed in a horse, developed in one brought to my stable recently. 1 was in a great way to cure him if possible, but so bad was it 1 had very little hope of doing anything for it. The Baron dale Heave Cure was recommended tome and 1 procured a bottle. I gave him only two doses, one in the evening and one in the morning, and after that I defied any person to detect the least defect in his breathing. As a proof of its good effect 1 might say that this horse was afterwards sold to a (1 ipsey the last of judges of horses—who after driving him considerably, on a warm day, failed to see the least
sign of ft defective wind.	Yours truly, JOHN BURKE, Ottawa.
For sale at—
O'Meara Bros', Bryson ;
T.& D. Rousseau’s, Campbells Bay ;
J. E. Cahill’s, Calumet Island
Now is the time to make your selections of Muslins and Embroideries.
Wool ! Wool ! Wool !
We are in the market to pay highest price for good clean washed Wool.
Wm. Moore's, Otter Lake ;
J. F. Cronau s, Ladysmith Silas Young's, Starts Comers.
Drug Store, Shawvi’le
W. H. Lucas', Caldwell
Have just opened out a complete stock of Groceries—Fresh and Clean.
E. HOGGINS & SON.
Burned to Death
News of the War
Six Canadians Fight 50 Boers
On Saturday aftem >on a most unfortunate accident occurred at the home of VN illiam ti. Ross, of Marlborough, by which hie daughter Mi«s Emma Hoes, lest her life by tire. Mise Rose was heating pamt oil on the s'ove, when that inflammable material caught tire and the fUmee reached the lady. She was enveloped ia a sheet of dame and her aged father, who came to her assistance, was severely buraed in several pi seas. Dr. J. A. Jones, of Ktmptville, mediately summoned, but human skill could do little more than attempt to alleviate the agony af the sufferer.— Death came in the forenoon of the day following (Sunday). The Ross home ik on the Rideau river road, a couple of miles from BecketVe Landing. The father, William H . Rose and him daughter, an aged maiden lady, had resided together there for some years. — Kemptville Advance.
Try us on Teas. • None but the best kept.
A despatch from Toront) says : A tra gic mystery in connec ion with the death of Cor Kinaely and P ve. T. B. Day, of the Mounted R fies, at Hart s River, has been cleared up by a letter from Private Bruce, who writes to Day's fats.V, detailing rather an exciting story of us became detached from the troop while trying to reach the convey after the terrible battle at Hari s River. Btrt and 1 were two of the six and we wandered all night Monday in rain and all Tuesday. On Tuesday we bent off a body of four mounted Boers who attacked ub. On Wednesday, 8 a m., we were again attacked by 60 Boers. We had fair cover among rocks and feught hard for five hours. By that time we were surrounded and they had closed in to 200 yards and showers of bullets fell around us. We could stand no longer and shouted to eaoh other to run out and surrender, but our Corporal Knisely and Bert never answered. They were both
shot through the brain and when the Hou. SenatorClemow paaeed awav Boer, had .tripped u. of all but our Thuraday morning laat athiereaider.ee, underclothes, we hastened to 6nd our Ottawa, after an illneee laeting aeveral oemradee. Both Kmiely and Bert were week.. Member, of hie family and hia already stripped and quit*.dead. They physician, Dr. Kennedy, were prêtent appeared to have been killed early in the wj,en the end came
The four aurvWor. were com- , Deceased leave, a widow and one pelted to walk fifty mile, barefoot to daughter, Mrs Lola M. Powell, ol Pine Klerkedrop, sleeping two nights in the Street, New Edinburgh. rain. Two are still suffering from acute | Rowell, chief of the Ottawa pence, is a rheumatism.	i nephew, (hher relatives are Mrs. Cle-
mow, daughtei-in-’aw, and the Mowing The Inhabitants of Martinique | gnnd children, the Misses Irene, Gwen-
*»“tle	! X“L!?1 M
m	Beatrice Bayley. A son of Senator Cle
London, May 27.—The Morning Post mow died in Detroit a couple of years this morning publishes a despatch from ago the Island of St. Lucia, dated May 24, Hi
Any quantity of Fresh Eggs and Butter wanted. Highest price paid—cash or trade.
f\
io m
Six
Selling Out I
T. W. WILSON & 00
was ini
1
A Pointer
i
Come in for Bargains
in all lines.
Everything Must Co !
We Mean Business !
1
If you are engaged in any kind of business you make a mistake if you do not invest a dollar or two with
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
Hon. Francis Clemow Dead
AND-
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION %YS.
Summer Time Card.
on
O. N. AND W. RAILWAY.
Train No. 101 leaves Ottawa 5.05 P.M.
8.26 A.M. 7.45 A.M. 0.00 P.M.
1.30	AM. 8.00 P.M.
9.30	A.M. 0.45 P.M.
+ Train No. 102 arrives o Train No. 103 leaves o Train No. 104 arrives S Train No. 105 leaves § Train No. 106 arrives -r Train No. 107 leaves -r Train No. 108 arrives
ARMSTRONG BROS
Mr. Wm
¦5
LADYSMITH.
The Printer
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
+ Train No. 109 leaves Ottawa 5.10 P.M + Train No. 110 arrives
*	Train No. Ill leaves
*	Train No. 112 arrives
to show people what you are doing.
0.25 A.M
oo, Francis Clemow was a son of Cap! which says that tit. Pierre is now com- John Ciemow of H. M. 4let"regiment, pletely covered with lava and that it will He was born in May, 1821. fle was
be dangerous to approach the p’ace until educated at Upper Canada college, To- I + Daily except Sunday.
the covering hardens. Ash showers and ronto, and in 1840 settled in Ottawa_	0 D&H) except Saturday and Sunday
detonations centinue, says the despatch. He was a director of the Ottawa E ectric ** Saturday only.	g I	_
Ü^ar:.W.WE print
apprehensive lest the lightning flaehee bneineee affaira of the city. He alao tjok | For tickets or further information apply nh&)l fire the hundreds of tons explo alive interest in niuncipal affairs and j to station ageut or GEO. DVNi VAN, sivee stored in the forts. The inhabi web a member of the city council.for	Diet. Pass. Agent,
1 ants are fleeing. Two hundred of them years. lie was chairman c f the Ottawa '	42 Sparks St.,
arrived in St. Lucia yesterday and 1,700 Collegiate Institute boird for 25 yeais. _ ..mearaaaa* Ottawa, u . are in the Island of Guadeloupe. Most He was grandmaster of the Orange lodge W. RESSEM AN, of them are destitute.	of Carleton County for eight years and	Cen. Superintendent,
was one of the stalwart supporters of the	union station (C. r. R.)
order in Eastern Ontsrio. In recognition I	OTTAWA, Cat
of hie eminent abilities he wag called to the Senate in 1886, and rapidly forged to A story of President Linc^.n is repeated | the front se a man of sound judgment
in lset week’s L.w Time, which can never Lnd practical idea.. In 1802 hi, .bilily
55 ax T.%	ÏMSS jUtr wSSi-STSS
statement of a client s case made by the Regiment.	1
client himself, when, after staring at the ceiling for a while he euddenly iwung hie chair round and maid : “Well, you have a pretty good case in technical law, but a pretty bad one in equity and justice You’ll have to get some other fellow to win this case for you. I could not do it.
All the time, whi e talking to that jury,
I'd be thinking, ‘Lincoln you’re • bar, ’ and J believe I roixbt f irget myself and say it out aloud! "
6.45 A.M 4.36 P.M,
A MAN IS A FOOL
WHO IS WOT HONEST I
Envelopes. Letter Heads, Bill Heads, Statements, Cards, &c. at moderate cost and do the work well. Try a sample order.
It pays to be honest. We might sell an inferior article, misrepresenting it, and make a $ or 2 by the deal, but would lose not only the customer, but his or her influence, which would mean hundreds of $’s in a few years.
Honest Lincoln
aaya
“The importation of pig iron from the Dominion to the Clyde has created quite
Our greatest ambition is to have everyone satisfied with us. We aim to give a $ for $. If there is anyone who thinks we have not dealt squarely with them we want to know it.
We Mean what we Say.
The Equity.
/
A little ion of Mr. John Reynolds, of Paria, Ont., was killed by faffing of a bridge.
Fissures emitting fire and smoko have appeared io the earth at Oporto, Portugal.
R. S. Louie, teller in the Royal Bank of Canada, at Charlotte!on, cfimiitted suicide.
Public Notice.
Canadian Iron
The Directors of the Lily Cheese and Butter Co. desire to inform the public that
I cheese who are not
Whyte The Watchmaker,
ITS EXPORTATION TO SCOTLAND HAS CREATED A SENSATION THERE.
all parties requiring patrons must receive an order from the Secretary of said Company before they can procure the cheese.
By Order,
H. iï. ELLIOTT, Pres. H. A. HODGINS, Sec.
In hie annual report to the department of trade and commerce, Canadian Government Agent Murray, In Glasgow,
Opposite Pontiac House, Shawville.
	
