###PAGE###1###


X

r
\
g 1.00 a Ye a h in Advance.
1900]
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE, THURSDAY, SEPT
13,
No. 1:1 —18 ni Ye.au.
PERSONAL
vvuimmtiHii
)
BANK OF OTTAWA
MuvxmI hy
il. Henderson,
by conn Taker, ami resolved, that the revised vablation lull as it is prepared by the valuators lie and is hereby homologat*
id
New Goods !
The U« v. II A. Nayl.il- left on Mon day morning on his return trip t.> tin Yukon, where lie intends remaining until v<i next summer.
The Yen. Archdeacon Naylor is in |,y Montreal attending the Executive < ont-r mit tec of thu Synod, of which he is a
member.
Mrs. MacwiHiatus returned home on Saturday front Montreal where she has been visiting her daughter, Mrs. Root and attending the fall millinery openings.
Mr. T. VV. Allan, who will he remembered as having charge of Lang & Kemp's store here a couple of years ago, paid a visit to town this week. Tom has just returned from a trip to Omaha, S.
Miss McEathren left on Wednesday to enter the employ of Geo. R. Mythe & Sons, Ottawa.
Dr. McNaughton left on Saturday w ith a patient for Montreal Hospital. He spent g couple of days in Ottawa on his return trip.
OTTAWA, CANADA.
.........*1,»V4.|!00,
......... 1,7:11,0*0.
............ i,wj,mu.
lïofiil OtiW: .. .. Capital nulwrlbml Capital paid up .
R. st ............
OP C AIT AD A.
Moved by (,‘ottn. IIciwlct«'il, seconded mi. S mi ley, and resolved, that the < ’oum il |"i' up a n •(icu c Rugged <
H
*li«' public ill.* i.' lu id <• is un wife for heavy loads, ami that the (Council will not be responsible f«>r any accident that may after the posting of this notice until the bridge is put in g"od repair.
Complaint was made to the Council that the water was dammed hack on to lhe third concession line road on lot 21, by the Bristol Iron Mine Company, building their railroad across said mad Moved by cotin. Smiley, seconded by coun. Taber, and resolved, that the Secretary write C. McGee, president of said comjmny, to have the obstructions removed so that the road will be free from the overflow of water.
Moved by conn. Kelly, seconded by conn. Smiley, and resolved that the Council adjourn.
A. W. McKechnib,
Sec.-Treasurer
Hoard of Directors :
Charles Maobb, Esq., President. Gcokok Hay, esq.,Vice-President.
John M u hi a, F David MaU.arrn,
<N
- $6,000,000.
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
CAPITAL
Wvÿ for fa|| Trade.
v <thiyun river, notifying

-1
Hon. Oeoi IlnvsoM, Jr Alkx. KhascH, Eny ,
DkNNia Ml RHIV, E*Q.
Head Oflico, • Montreal#
General Mntmgpr ..	.. Malinger
OBORORBUItN D. M. FINN it
UCCUI
SHAW VILLE BKANl’II,
Braivlies •
IN ONTARIO
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
10 A M TO 3 P M.
10 A M. TO 1 P M.
K. A. PARKER, Manager.
Lanark,
Parry Hound, Pembroke,
Hat Portage, do Hank Bt. Renfrew do Rideau Bt. Toronto, Vaokleok Hill, Smith* Kali*
IN MANITOBA :
Keewatln. Kempt vdle, Matt iwa, Ottawa.
Alexandria,
Arnprlor,
A von more, ltrarebridge, Carle ton
We are now receiving large consignments of Goods for the coming Fall and Winter Trade :
Plane,
Hawkesbury,
Winnipeg
Dauphin
Portage La Prairie UHJÜBBKC:
Montreal,	Hull,	Lai-hute.
in Canada, New York and Chicago-
Dress Goods,
Cloakings,
Ladies’ Cloth J ackets, Underwear,
Hosiery,
Trimmings, Smallwares,
Boots and Shoes, Mitts and Gloves, Moccasins, &c
Office Hocks
SATURDAYS .
Agents
I tank of Montreal.	......	»
Agents m Bt. Paul-Merchant* Nat Bank Agents in London, Eng.-Parr h Bank Ltd
For Fashionable Dressmaking call on Miss McHugh, over G. F. Hod gins’ store.
Toilet articles, Soap, Sponges, &c., at the Drug Store.
Tooth Brushes, Hair Brushes and Nail Brushes at the Drug Store, opposite McGuire’s hotel, Shawville.
Ladies and gents.' calling cards, scratch hooks, note and receipt forms to he had at ThkEquity office.
E. Graham, Mayor

Church Services.
METHODIST CHURCH-Pastors—Rev. W. Bowman Tucker, M.A., Pb. D. Rev. W. R. Jobuitoo.
Hkkvickh every Sabbath at 10.80 a m ; 7, p m. Sunday School at « 80, ». m.	^
Epwortb league. Monday evening at 8.M.. Ladles' Prayer Meeting, ’[uesilay 7.J0. p m. General Prayer Meeting. Friday, 7,.K), p m Everyone welcome.
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE.
Mr. Jhn. Robertson, foreman <>n Gillies Bros.’ Cou longe depot, was at the Otter Lake House Sunday and Monday.
Mr. Jas. Robb, agent for Gilmour f Hughson; left for Kazubazua last Mon-
Mr. .John Thomson, of Lower Litchfield, was here on Tuesday.
A large number of horses passed through here on Tuesday on their way from Temiscainingue for the Gillies Bros, limits above this, and a good many men left for the woods during the week.
Messrs. W. M. Sutherland, Fleet and Jas. Wilson were visiting friends on Range A. last Wednesday.
Mr. Wm. Kelly, of the Bay View Hotel, Campbell's Bay, was up this, way Thursday.
Mrs. Geo. K. Murphy and Miss Bella Queale went to Shaw ville Friday.
Messrs. Fleet and Jas. Wilson, of Ottawa, who have been spending their holidays with their cousin, W. M. Sutherland, returned home on Friday.
( 'ampbell, agent for Mr A. Fraser, was hero on business Friday.
Sans Ceremonie.
Talking about Glosinglll
No, Indeed.
IT IS l|E-OPENINC
day
UNDERTAKING
attention and charges moderate.
Wanted—Young lady to assist in office and work in dry goods’ department, general store ; must have some knowledge of book-keeping. Apply, giving reference, and salary expected
I
We are Talking About.
THE AUTUMN SESSION OF THE
Pontiac Business College
— will open on—
Tuesday, September 4th, 1900,
“ Merchant,” Equity office
For good Perfume go to the Drug Store.
Just arrived, a new stock of fall millinery.	Mrs. C. McCaou.
New Fall Hat-8, now on exhibition at Miss Annie McRae's, Shaw ville.
An assortment of latest style pattern hats now in stock at Miss Annie McRae s.
Secretary E. Graham will be in Shaw-ville on Friday, the 14th inst., for the purpose of taking entries for the exhibition.
R W. Rro. Lough, of Acacia Lodge, No. 71, of Buckingham, and D. D. G. M., of Ottawa District, paid hie official visit to Pontiac Lodge A. F. and A. M., on Friday evening last, the date of the regular monthly communication of that lodge. The distinguished Mason was met at the station by a committee of the local brethren, composed of XV. Bro. Thos. Wilson, W. M.; R. XV. Bro. A. Lyon, and XV. Bro. A. J. Jackson, secretary, and accompanied by them to the Russell House, and subsequently to the Masonic Hall, where the business of the session was carried out. At the close of the meeting, Bro. Lough was entertained to supper at the Pontiac House, at which there were present about twenty craftsmen. The usual round of Wats was oh-served,.and on the whole a most enjoyable tima^WAs spent. The supper provided by the host and hostess, Mr. and Mrs. Ca!d well, WAS all that could be desired in point of excellence amkus such received the well merited compliments of the entertained.
Bro. Lough was much pleased with his reception, and alio wuh the good working condition in which he found P -ntiac lodge.

For thf study of Commercial Subjects, Shorthand, Typewriting, English. French, and other special studies.
Special attention to backward students.
As only ft limited number of new students can be accommodated for this session. early application for entrance should be made.
A postal will bring full particulars.
AlfUREft*
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE,
Bryson, - Que.
t
/
We anticipate a big trade and have bought accordingly. Our stock will be found larger and more complete than usual.
We sell high-class goods and always make prices to meet any legitimate competition.
Mr. <
*e<»
\
î
Mr. John <». Elliott returned from attending Toronto Exhibition <m Saturday. lie reporta that lie heard from others who attende i previous exhibitions there that this year’s was not up to the mark.
Then; will hu a public opening of
Shawviile Academy in llodgint. hall on Friday afternoon, Sept. 14, o’clock. Certain prizes and medals w >n last year will lie distributed. Seeches will lie delivered by the local clergy. The tublic are cordially invited.
I
BRISTOL
Picking black berries are all the rage. Several parties fr<>m this district have gf.ne to the mountains in Onslow and returned laden.
: I re. Robert Allison is slowly îecover-
LOCAL NEWS.
L
J. H. SHAW
two
Births.—In' Shawvdle,	Tuesday,
me	t" Mr VtLrMnl* Jamv*
Cuthbertsou, a daughter
At Starke’s Corners, ou W ednesday, the 5th inst., to Mr. and Mrs. Silas Young, a daughter.
Mayor Hynes lias proclaimed Wednesday, Sept, lffth, a civic holiday.
For Organs, Pianos and Sewing Machines, see A. Howard at Pontiac House.
in*
Miss Flossie Cowley, who wits on the sick list, is able to he about again.
I Lev. Mr. and Mrs. Morrison have ic-turoed from their holiday.
Miss M. E. Warren has returned to Montreal again.
Mrs. J. T. Pattieon, of Aylmer, is renewing acquaintances here Miss Mina McKillop has returned to
Ottawa.
Miss Alice Bussell has returned to Am-
t
Notice. —An the Shaw ville photo gallery has been vacated for some time on account of the illness of the present photographer, the undersigned wishes to n -tify the pliblic and the photographers of the different places that the gallery will lie rented to t.he first good man w ! comes along were better.
A Letter from Alaska
Rev. Dr. Tucker will preach on Sunday morning on *' The Ministry.
The Rev. H. S. Boyle preached the special sermon at the Harvest Home Herat Bryson on Thursday last.
Chances for business never C. Caldwell, Shawville.
Mr. Jas. Cuthhertson, of Clarendon, has shown us a letter from his son Norman, dated Galivnn Bay, August 15. In it the young man says lie is working on the erection of a hotel and st< re at the place mentioned at flO per day, pays fttJX) a day for board and is making about a week, which lie considers nut bad. He expects to make enough money t » do him over the winter months, during which he says there is nothing doing except whip-sawing lumber to be used in constructing sluice boxes for washing out the sand in which the gold is found.
Galivan Ray, says the writer, is about 1*0 miles from Cape Nome, which lie hears is a pretty tough place. Dark -uts in now about i0 o'clock ; but during the summer months there was no darkness at all This change lie says, affords the people who are there a chance of stealing, and they are doing it right and left, taking from oik another anything they can get their hands on.
The condition of things at Nome is reported to be wretched, thousands of j pie not knowing where the next meal is to come from.
Norman says he has been prospecting all summer, but it has been a poor season, as the whole country has been located Next year the prospects may be bet ter, as if the holders <>f claims do not have their assessment work done by the 1st of January the claims will revert to the Government, and others will have a chance to stake them.
PIANOS
prior again.
Mrs. A. Caldwell, of Fitzroy, spent a few days in this vicinitv.
Mr. Richard Thompson is home from Braeside.
There was quite a nice little party at Mr. Joseph Glenn’s last week. Sty T.f ain't that hill steep to climb ?
vices
Mr. J. E. Lindsay returned to his home in Rawdon, for a week’s rest before going back to college to enter <>n his final year in Aits. Mr. Lindsay came to us in May last to take charge of North Clarendon, and his services were retained after Mr. Boyle’s coming to enable Archdeacon Naylor to take a holiday. As student, in charge, he was a general favorite at North Clarendon, and won his way equally well in Shawville. He is a fluent speaker, with a very pleasant personality. We regret to part with him, and are glad to know there is a chance of his returning at some future time to look up some of his many friends here. The Rev. Mr. Boyle will, of course, remain on in charge of North Clarendon, though ho will try to keep in touch as far as possible with the whole parish.
Mrs. D. McRae has just received her stock of fall millinery, hats, flowers,
new feathers, etw
The D. W. KARN COMPANY, Limited,
The Methodist church was well lighted .... Sunday night with the new Angle lamps recently imported from New X oi k,
North Clarendon Methodists arc preparing for the erection of n new church—an improvement much needed.
Everyone will lie welcome at the meeting conducted in the Methodist church Thursday under the auspices of the Bern broke District.
on
SvniBE
197 SPARKS STREET, - - OTTAWA
Opposite Blythe’s New Store.
RADFORD
We have several good Square Pianos and
we want to sell them quickly. Our new
stock is coming along now, and we
, need the room. When in the city,
at Exhibition, come in and make
us an offer.
Do you want a good Second-hand Organ ?
We have some and must sell them out also.
Sept. 10 — Mr. Al. Smith was visiting his niece Mini Amanda Hudgins, of ILd ford, last week.
Mr. Snow and family left f-»r Ottawa
after spending a pleasant summer with
Mrs. T. Richardson.
Mr. Newton Silly, of Ottawa, is spending a while with Mr. A. XX. Chamberlain.
on
i
1
A grand haivest home picnic takes place in Qnyon on Thursday, Sent. 13th. An elaborate program of spurts has been prepared.
HELP WANTED To assist, in post, office work and in book keeping; must he a good penman and accurate at figure*. Young lady with some experienc e preferred.	K. Ho do ins & Son.
Married—At the residence of the bride’s parents, on Sept. 11th, 1U00, by the Rev. Dr. Tucker, John Henry Murray, of Bristol, to Miss Emma llodgins, daughter of Geo. llodgins, Esq., of Clarendon.
A number of the Shawville Met hodist choir drove out to North Clarendon on Tuesday evening, for the purpose of entertaining the congregation there with ft repetition of 41 The Story of a Pink Rose, acceptably produced here last week.
Dr. Stackhouse, surgeon dentist, will be at Shawville on Tuesday, Sept. 25th ; Fort Coulonge on Wednesday, Sept. 26th ; Campbell’» Bay on Thursday, Sept. 27th ; Bryson on Friday, Sept. 28th. Parties will oblige by calling early.
Parties who own clogs within the corporation and who have not paid their dog tax are to be looked after by the Secy, foho lias been instructed by the Council to collect all such taxes on or before Sept. 20th. After that date, dogs on which the taxes have not been paid will be destroyed.
Mr. A. W. Chamberlain is building
:he new church at Radford.
Mn. J. IL Ralph will leave for home in Minneapolis on the 10th inst. Mr. inu Mrs. McCord will accompany her. Mr. T. Prendergast is.reported not so
well thh week.
Mm. Wm. Richardson will leave on the 19:h inst. to visit her husband who is engaged in business in Ottawa
Corn Cutter Wrecked.—Several men engaged in operating, a corn-cutter at Mr. Thus. McDowell’s on Wednesday last, had one of the narrowest possible escapes from serious injury and probably death, that they will be likely to experience again during their natunl lives. The machine was owned by Mr. W. J. Starke, of Starke’s Corners, and had been in operation about half an hour when the cutting wheel burst with a loud report and literally wrecked the whole affair. Mr. Starke was feeding at the time, and all he knows about it is that lie was startled with a crack like a cannon, which made him involuntarily jump back, and then a glance at the machine showed that it was badly damaged have been that the engine used in driving the cutter suddenly gained steam, and increased the speed considerably beyond what the machine was intended to run at, and consequently resulted in the bursting of the cutting wheel. The fragments of the wheel flew in all directions, one piece over 40 pounds in weight penetrating through the double wall of the silo, where a couple of men were engaged packing the corn. Just an instant 1	Mr. Henry McDowell,
who was one of these men, was working direct!
ed him w ithout doubt. Another piece of the wheel to which one of the knives was attached was carried off and could not be found. Other fragments of the wreck were also carried off, but strange and singularly fortunate to relate, no one was hurt.
>eo
Brown y
See our Mr. J. R. HORNER, Shawville. He will give you every attention and send you what you need—at once.
The Conservatives ( f Argenteuil have nominated William J. Simpson as their candidate and he has taken a week's time to consider the matter.
The Limb biscuit and confectionery works at Ottawa were destroyed by fire Saturday afternoon last. Lois, |25,-

Bristol Council
Minutes of regular session of the Municipal Council, township of Bristol, held in the town hall on Monday, the 3rd day
of September, 1900.
Members present, E. Graham; Councillors, Henderson Smiley, Kelly and
Taber.	, «
Minutes of last session of < ’ouncil read. Moved by coun. Henderson, seconded by coun. Smiley, and rescdved, that the
minutes as read be adopted.
Moved by coun. Kelly, seconded by coun. Henderson, and resolved, that Jas. Kilbride be and is hereby appointed road
and st l "f Richard
The trouble seems to
on
000
Toronto, Sent. 6.—The general com mittee of the Methodist t hurchggg hibition and moral reform this morning resolved to send out an urgent appeal to Methodist voters to express disapproval of the course taken by parliament on pro hibition and to prevent the election of
anti-prohibitionists.
I
on pi o-
Farm for Sale
Farm to Let.
Comprising lots 17, 18 and 19, on Range “ A ** of the township of Iveslie, and containing 317 acres, more or less, about 1U0 of which are cleared ami in good condition. On the premises are erected the following buildings ; Dwelling house, 22x30 feet ; barn. 2ox30 feet : two frame sheds—one 20x30, the Ollier 20x30 ; cow house, 22x24 ; stable, 22x24 ; granary, 10x20 ; pig-house, 12x20 ; milk-house, 10x18. Good pump and well-house, and the premises are otherwise well watered. Fana w ill be sold on t-easonable terms. For further particulars applv to
I MR. AND MRS. CHAS. REID,
Residing on Farm,

The undersigned offers to let for a term of years his Farm, situated on the 7th range of Clarendon, two miles from Shaw" ville railway station. The farm contains 200 acres and is in good condition with all necessary machinery in good working or-Premises will be leased with or without stock as desired. For terms and all other information apply to
JOHN M. HODG1NS,
Shawville.

The parish of Portage du Fort will celebrate their annual Harvest Home this year on Sept. 13th. The whole day will be t ken up with special services and festivals. The program of the day is as follows ; In St. George's church, Holy Communion, 7 30 a. m. In the afternoon the Sunday school picnic at the rectory grounds. Special thanksgiving ser-with appropriate music, at 7 p. m. The Rev. C. Lummis will preach a sermon at the 7 o’clock service.

Tenders
y in the path of this huge projectile had it struck him would have kill
inspector in room
Gibbons.
Moved by coun. Kelly, seconded by Smiley, and resolved, that the
Council adjourn for one hour.
Pursuant to adjournment, same members present.	„ ,	.
The revised valuation roll for the cur-
laid before the board for
Tenders for building sidew alks on Main St. from Academy west, and Pickanock St., south, will t* received by the undersigned up to noon on Thursday, Sept. Mtn. Specification of the work may be seen.at the mayor's office
der,
un
GEO. HYNES,
or
vice
Leslie, Aug. 11,1900
rent year was
j
###PAGE###2###
UNREQUITED LOVE.
SuoH wonderful things happen
nowadays.”
Stella drew herself up proudly, with a defiant air, almost; tall and straight and alun
own
%
the next two hours, rend till the dusk deepened ; road on by lamplight, not knowing what she was reading; think. , . , Br , in* of own book all the while
,^"2. I *»“ **• »...........................	?
turned and nulumabie.
Mr. Nestor in* had bœn making an I ' 61 l“'ie,‘1 ’ exclaimed; "I ahull
now would be I a brand fuae Stella and In i nv"M toarrjr. Why, Ut it would hs to
cruel,” eaid Neetorlua gravely. "Her next that it was no wonder he had all <,xUlange k‘“d ot bondage for | DEVELOPMENTS IN AERONAUTICS ”eâ 11 h'l' f&ther*# ex ^ moe la a (but shipwrecked the < ntry.	| another.
coMohug hallucination. t>oor Hold- "He is always in extremes,” said her 1 lr*a w^d. 1 cun see him now rushing ladyship, with a vexed uir
al“’lg lll>lyu>1l m his	<>f a gowu. asking u fire-brand into
A tad. Herculean figure, a face like | That pule face and a ' ( an s, ugliness and
ousiy combined, lie bud fim
RULE FOREIGN NATIONS
For a ease of despotic power wielded
by # Bi H,
"=S"";=-^
there is an instance
a
«ri(
4*62
un
said of it
was by a long
way the moat useful ruler t he
<*->9
IV» lx\ Continued.
coun-
v as a Scotchman, « knowledge of iho Moors nnd tho Arabic language (hit was on-equalled by any man who ever lived— except, perhaps, (he traveller Burton. He was originally a mining expert
ihcy were all to throw up their post. ' out (he
CHAPTER XIV. Continued. "To underceive her
l>«e to *lr B .l»rt ir*rt~ try ever had. He oihrr lirlfon» Mho llit?r«»vcriiMl With and had
Many a foreign nation has its livate British king, whom it could ot do without.
1 his does not include officials like
1 want to Us independent lint i» my day-dream.”
have another daydream before lung. I know what girle |	* bo iwfcrest in aeronautics has had
are, my Jove. 1 know their little Û re,uarknl'le growth in the past yeai
^ ou don’t know my ways,11 es- l11 et*om*Datea, perhaps, but military
"1 am not like other ciene aud tneteorology also claii Kvmvmber what my life has ,!l0,r "bare of attention, so that the
port a lire and
own
(omit f«M Iep;irlliâ*«
KxjicrlmratuI Air «l.ili l'rlir* fer lrr«Minuilrt «I l’itrU.
"Ah, you will
. "U iA like one's house.
moua-e-like demean-o»r of Stella have caught his fancy.
®yee« 1 I And she has Last no time in making em^nbttr, but net bur eyes. The) , up to the greateet mau who bus eve, •«e .s,.uthorn.-	I oome her way."
y. t u*Tf0t tb,e Gitaniai 0Od0Ubt "WouU you H-ink «be would have
: ¦*• *............................................................................•
you—13 old wood a relics— ouly xnmiat uio and 6t>iue char t<m1 utterly unreadable.
ways.”
power curi-
ewvred Stella gills
U*eu lu I ilia house. ] can never forget lunv kindly 1 have been treated in this houne and how cruelly.”
aimuse himself, with.
<cope
Ona uf the latest ventures in this I ,‘ou* ^o-morrow, (here would be a ,
"You will only think of it all ae u	(be gnat balloon of Count Zep- 'S A * * OMh IN STORK	" " " GOVERNING
dream by-and-by, when you me P»11», °t ^utlgart, Germany, which for th* countriM they administrate. Finlayson remodelled the hippy," cooed Mrs. Mulciber.	,m.de Its trial trip the first of July. 0n'!, ”f the "l,Ht successful of these	the	revenues, and
The girl Ind evidently no id'eu of her This gn“: ,:rsh'P is cigar-shaped, cyl- ! "'a!* Sir Hobert IIart- Hir Robert pray. , rooeo 'w* to flourish. He did what possible promotion.	indrical at 'be middle parts and con- 1 lcal,y “ lttn" the c«untry, and nil no Sultan had ever been able to do-
ui igitiitiiiir iht* ui . Mr. Noe.orius was absent three days i6a!at the e..d.s, with a length of near- ! <’hin'1'8 I'rosperity was due to him. k»P‘ tbe wild tribes of the Interior
.  ' z :*	z i	z: iss : pzzzrzziz z
-'Loud Lashmar is positively an Ml Piously bewailed the absence. °°ni,ista e,lhrely of aliuninum rods. 1 j1 ,ul on 'he ye'ge of rUfn' "art, who i “rere extent, but it was impossible to
"" "- - L	srr r %%	r r;r
has gone altogether f”	give the outline in cross-section; these h NUS "i(h many of the Chinese of» CI1 ft8ed the nation's revenues from
“1 hope you will tak© advantage of I ore 10,11,1(1 toKflther by longitudinal	a,ld 80me ot th^e, seeing what £,5°»000 to ^500,000
hi« imitation and spend an occasional ro,,s* and ,,racod inside by radiating a ho,,eIesa atate tb" c°untry was in, U* lived the life elf an Arab chief, "vek in London,” answered Stella. vvires 1 fioa,,y the whole is strength- nnd k,,owing IIart k,ltiW more of Chi- ,iUt kpP* to the Christian religion.
You would see something of the ened and 1,01111,1 together by a frame- mvsp finance, than any European elite, Waa oh|iged» however, to conform to world and of your old friends.”	wo,k °f rods inside. The space between ^CUre<t h,m thrt Position of Controller the ceremonies of Mohammedanism,
'1 am too old for the world, my dear, I two adjftcent polygonal rings forms a 01 ( ustoms.	for he was too tactful to '
and my old frieuds are too old for me! ! separate compartment, each inde- This was the highest post in the Em- Judlce* The nation at large
There are few men like Mr. Notorious, l>endent of the others, like the wa- pire' for il carried the control of the ,hullNfht him an Arab by birth \\h>, at the very apogee uf greatness! tertight compartments of a ship, '’n,ire revenues, and was in practice, was always traveli ng about the councan remember the humble friends of | Arming n number o; rier rate bal- j a nnich heltpr Positi°n than Emperor, ^y with his suite, turning up unex-
ioons, the envelope <\ eaoh be ng u ^art f°und 1 hat every Chinese offi. Poctedly. He held the chief post of Stella we loomed him with a happy I *lght silk material v»ated with India- rai wko handled the revenues, from Justlce. and was feared and esteemed smile, when they met unexpectedly in rui,bvr elution t gas for filling is rhief ,0 oHice-boy, helped himself as no native ever was. When some of the park, on the gray October after- b*vdrogen*	b orally, and barely a sixth of the , h'n unruly subjects raided Spanish ter-
noon that witnessed his return. |	1 bu entire I at. mm is covered with ^nperial income reached its goal. He ! r‘tory, and nearly caused a war, he
I	going to Vcrner’a cottage,”	‘base Nueves. The task |,ul,pd his adopted nation through tbs
Are you reading up the factory , " V ,1S 1,1 lhe garden before he said, looking down at her »ith a I to l,rotect it from rain and tho sun’s WftS an enormuus one, but Hart en-j f x* and P^id a very small indemnity, question/ he naked lightly; “that’s a /' ' ‘ 'lflt’ ^ Ilg , Vt I an c u ly riser smile which the interpreted as pater- • r,l*V9, There Is also an air space l*e- colUaged 1 rade, got concessions from *)iu e evpry year he visited his native pity. Your full man never tells in tie- 1U 1 W. Cl*rrulor u fore tea, m Stella's nal and protecting, but in which I twpen every two adjacent balloons to ,leigh! our,nK countries, caused half a town of Aberdeen for a week. Moroo-
mvu tittle <len of an evening, an- shrewd Mrs Mulciber would have seen t,revent the undue expansion of any dozen shi,,s tu corilp	co misses him sorely now he is gone,
nouncmg herseif with a modi^t Up at some touch uf deeper feeling. “I one from affecting the others.	WliEltE	ONE CAME BEFORE | an<1 lho country's prosperity is not
,h7‘rr-	„	,	,	ih' **h 1 ahoal<1 find y°u thaïe.1*	Tbo total capacity is about twelve and altogether made things hum The \ .W,lat U Was* He died ^ fever, caught
e 8lli3’ pe0I,1° m lhe drawing- 1 ba\* ouly just left him. tie will thousand cubic yards, which gives it debt was paid off. and China blessa t l” the Tetuan ^«mps and his funcr-go, inau; touch and go.”	a!e T'-aymg gumtss. i have be so glad to see you again,” answered a carrying power of about ten and a 1 the name of Hart Thponn,	7 al was honored even more than a
*'i will be as touch and go as lean; ***?	lo a httle chat with	ÿp\y.	half tons. The total weight is about venues went up from about 11 to J SulUuX Morocco did 'lot kauw he
but 1 should like to know the extent }°U’ 8 6 U0llld Wllb her triend- ul 1 dun't think I will go on eif?bt tons, leaving about two and a 000000 in a few years and th r • waa 1 he son of a Scotch tailor, but
¦IÉI*
Whlle- ih:y mjybti of no im- ! ^ Stela. .mjMUenUy. "Surely you , How delightful I cried Stella, with made with ease Complete defails n	government, and	had erected to himself.
mm
wait. If Ra<vi * gre'lt ljL*1 kfl bave to shed, after having been filled, and ui- m<i<le a happy and prosperous nation I f°* a >ear however, for a rival chief doubt if mv uublùt!?- a,llV6, tl>-day 1 lowed to ascend a few yards to test 0f * country that had been in a bad "'‘T’6'* a faction a8ain8t him, and
.dZciS-—::l	-:i -___________ “1,m ~
as she has
e»t
a bee nf
army, resoon Mo-
papers
Cunning takes the place of know- Who .....	„ot | “? J" b“ ¦	'*• *.d
get them read; experts decipher even a charred
*.r to read to me, but 1 real contrive to j \y think 1 must get rid of her manuscript afraid she is
I'm
nowadays. 1 should like to Bold wood’a relics.”
‘ Wu can do su whenever you like. Sue a a philanthropic curiosity ought to be sat iafiod
answered Lashmii
is making about the girl.” pur-
t a r m i u ow v i n d ic lively.
manner at tea yesterday. I wonder if he will dis-
onus
sued Lady *'i could se<t it m his
smilingly
Not a wuixi did Nestor ins Stella's authorship he issued anonymously Its own story.
Mr. Nestorhis deserted the drawingroom that evening, withdrew H bile i. idy ( . ; m Sv hum.mu n
say of 1’lie honk was to
It would tell
lie
cov^r any more geniuses among the
housemaids
tends to my bith b is a very intelligent counteniiice.”
I m sure the gu 1 who at
quietly
u is p| lying
It was not that the
excite pre-real ly
now
In Le Lady lAarm now was finning at the insolence which could charms except her own the mild Mrs. Mu ici her whs trying to make friends with «louât ha u Hold wood's daughter, ;ui<l was beginning to establish familiar relations wah her other's friendliness She lay in wait for Stella at odd
lie
¦talesman
see an\
was indifferent to Schu-
Music whs
ui mu, exquieitly played, one of the facets of Ins eoul
you t 11”
many-sided
But to-night he had anotht keener
r
and
interest
straight to the library fourni Lash mar still toiling at 11 m •a id.
lie
went
Mrs. Alul-was irrésistible,
turns
w here he
bite
You know what you want and what your factory people ought to •want. Don’t
case with Touch and
ruin your statistics and hard fact#
of the s gainst.”
1 M\ dear La.shinui , you can never Legislate against the liberty of the | ^1>U I11UdL he an elegant dancer OIWBtive—his divine right t.i .1 his labor in the best market. but 1 didn't come here to
evii 1 want to legislate
TO HIS DEATH
‘ 1 have never danced in in y life “Never! How hard that
on
you to show me those paper» “What papers?
in a.I the great houses iu Loudon and has aat
asked Lash mar, pretending uot to understand.
Hold wood’a relics.’*
liow keen you are. Upon
my

races on earth
of papers laid ou the table
people, a genuine a temple he
<
1
un-
up ou his marriage.”
And on Stella's birth. 1 understand! It La your interest
“Perhaps it is, because
in reality Î
in her jam @ slave. I have m> u igee, I ha? which makes you exiger to find out , nothing in the world that belongs f 1 ail you can about her father.”	me and never have had since the last i
“Naturally. Nly interest is in the bord Lashman's death living, not in the dead.”
then allowed to ascend about fifteen yards, when it was released, carrying up Count Zeppelin and four other
, Mr; Nestorius did not add that gave me and which1 7 7 novel waa to be produced
F™"=	ËÉîiSÉ*
*	**-**••—<k« 7 **••.	11 "“ 5J* *»a (ran .ü.b a | t„t. will	|„
^	EâSCz ~ =EHEE~	i	——-
7z zTLuZ" ;,rz zzzzrzzztrz	szs V-
...
walked across the park very fast	ACCURATE.	making down A ou cannot afford to *,radoa^Jr became strong and well I
1 feared I might be late.”	XV1 , „ , . . ,	f**” tbe nak iyf doming a victim of ,ea/ to° mUfib In fa von of this
--	..... JïlZTÏÏ"^S'ÎZZ =:fZ::,T.='rz 62 SSrSUTtiS A5L5
: ssi mug
Intense Heat and Many Deaths.
except a few
biAiks which he
th • m.mature.
me
Î
Dreadful Sufferings Among the Poor and the Weak-Low Vitality Unable to Hold Out Against High Temperature- Safety in the Use of Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food (Pills), the Great Blood and Nerve Builder.
*
gypsy.”
f
Of course not, nor has your broth-
eyes
ed in the land. Never came such an off-shoot as that from a wandering tribe of low-caste Indians. Hut these ¦moke-blackened letters may tell something.”
If they can be deciphered.”
“If they can be deciphered? Why, it was but the other day when the calcined registers of the Parisian Record Office wore transcribed by Parisian experts. There can be no difficulty ¦ bout deciphering these.”
Lady Lash mar was the last to hear of the interest which her dependent
had awakened in the mind of her most True, Mis. Mulciber, distinguished visitor, but she did ul- j house must be very nice.” timstelf hear it from Lady Carminow, I "You will know that when who formed her in one breath that 1 married *od have a home of your
sea, just a tiny little box in
«à li.i ri >w
• ireot off the east cliff at Brighton where I have my relics, my scraps of furniture from the fathers and the poor husband’s
us
• j
vicarage
barrack
and I ready think I happier within these wails
roams
am
with my
poor little tea tray, my mutton chop and my slavey to wait upon me, than i am in a ducal palace nothing like a house of

Stella
one * own
you are
L
/












###PAGE###3###

r-
- |

rîrîofï
hince
who
large
long
•oun*
man,
foors
i un-
"ton.
pert,
tin*

cv"l»*rtty nivl tl of town rv>t aurpieeml Lii emhroulery.
pipe by nvuinfl of a rotary pump and SOMRTMIfNO QUITE NEW—. discharging It into the vat again through a strainer which allows It to fall into email streams. The exposure of the fat to the air for some time
of lb. fl rient lew obl.lnnble ga*r.nteed to iSti-ify «he mo*t p.ritonl»r le» drinker.
LUDELLA
L
w VS
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.


Thi
surgeon relie» upon certain •t itches for different needs Just üh Uh drewmiiker picks and ch m shs among the various forms of stitching. The h instil oh, ml Ht i I oh. whalebone, he»rring brne, running u t itch and baok ha nul ho dear to th • feminine fingent b » vo fh^ir <y >u nt e rpti i U in th** aug-goon *h mat I raas suture, interrupted ami continuous sulurt\ sub-outicular witur*\ purse string and figure eight su ur*w, l4$mb-rt and Cz« rney sut une. As t be wownyslrcsa ait* 1 cot8 an appro-
a seam, a t> u It ton -


remove» the odor.
After the fat baa been sufficiently
a «rated in this uuinnor it is ready for
the next strp. I htis is t ho a<l<lmg of
e-fourth as much skim milk •»«<! Savor •• Japan, enly more delicious
POULTRY NOTES.
Ventilate well me roosting houses for poultry during hot weather. Poultry would be healthier if not confines! in any building to roost in at night, for moat houses for this purpose axe entirely too close.
Fowls should be well supplied with clean fresh water during summer, lie very careful about the drinking vessels to keep them well cleaned, for this is where most diseases start, and from where It spreads. Hotter to have large vessels than small ones, but pure running water is best of) all.
Feed the young, growing chicks regularly, for they cannot pick up a good living and develop Into good birds without it. The older fowls may get sluing, but the pullets will well repay you next fail and winter by giving them good attention now. Separate the cockerels from the pullets as soon us possible, especially the small breeds.
Cull out the old flocks to give room j for the growing chicks. It would be much botteir if the old fowls were kept entirely separated from the young ones, and it will pay to have yturd.i ao arranged to separate the flocks, or any part of them at any time desired. Matured fowls will give twltea results any time if yarded properly and attended to than if running at large.
If fowls are constantly kept in one place for years they are sure to have xvnaumed the necessary supply of grit in a great many localities, and they should bo. furnished with grit and shell matter
constantly within their reach. Lime and wand mixed, such as Is used for plastering, is excellent. It pays to keep them supplied with oyster shells,
In Lead Packets
CJÜj Y LOJNT -I'&Jk
CEYLON UkEEN TEA
If you have noticed the difference in the appearance of a building that needed painting and after it had received a coat of paint, you’ve been astonished.
Ï
about
a# there is fat. A |>*rfect emulsion
of the fat and skim milk is made, by
the mu me pumping operation, except
that the strainer is removed emulsion is then run Into a vat of
ice water, where it is quickly chilled taking the granular form and looking like butter before it is salted and worked. It is now salted and worked and printed or packed in tubs ready for the market.
• I'
Yob Are Astonished •
THE SURGEON'S THREAD
the
I’he
M*my Kind* ef Meedlr* nntl n V irlrly of Mlllrlir* |;»rd In Operation*.
10 a mile who
sav.
it he
\
&
4%
Imagine a tailor who deliberately I‘ '	*' '*for
hole or - ik edging, #o t h«i surgeon
Wix*ifi forming his life-iuving
iftitrAvis.
RAMSAY'S
PAINTS.
pi me t<> ha vo the »t it chert ho carefully sown give way at u certain time. Supprwe he should use one kind of
thread i n a <
brtvik in <*ne week; another kind In
ffijuav


Paint does more to increase the value of a property than any other one thing. Makes it look bright and handsome wears well and preserves it as only pure paint can.

warranted to
easily explained
i
Vh
ra-
tlin tmuepra, guaranteed to fall apart in a month, and using permanent ma-tari il only in milking up a waistcoat. Yet Üii» Ls exactly what th* surgeon
does every day germ’s thread Li called, are made from va ! Luis materials, according to the.
Catgut, Nik thread,
Wo-
Well ?
What’» wages and malar y l
If a man, Ls working for $1 a day running a machine of some kind, or lying brink or doing mmehhing else tih.it nn-km a white collar an. 1 oufffl uncomf< Mr table hr get« wage» you under»Land what I mean?
Y**«, sir.
But if ho mite at a dmk' a.mrl uses a pen. and gets $11 a week and (ha» soft hand» hr* receive/» a salary you the difference?
TO OBTAIN THE BEST SEED CORN.
Gather your seed for the next planting when your corn in in the dough. Before getting hard «trip the shuck back, hang it up and let it dry until cold weather, then bourne for winter and you will have the atrongeflt and beet seed you ever planted.
hat
l he difference between
ior
Sut un*», as th» sur
ir-
A.RAMSAYS SON,
Bat'd 1842
) a
to
MONTREAL,
Paint Makers.
jv-qui remonta fcilkwinrm gut, mùlmr wire, kangaroo
he
Do
In.
fondons and horsehair are in common
GUILTY OF MACBETH
ALREADY COUNTED
ma
list*.
Old Merchant-!M>re 1 answer your request for my daughter's hind, pr.rm.it in *, to artk w hit your yearly income, sir I
Young Officer—All tol i, it amounts to £800.
Oil Merchant—H'm
School Visitor—Now, then, boy Numlwr One, who wrote Macbeth i
Boy Number One, trembling violently.—Mima*, sir, 1 didn't.
School Visitor—I know you didn't; but who did ?
Boy Number One, with a spasm of virtue—Please, sir, I don't wan ter be tell-tale, but it was Bob Buster, over in the. corner seat. I see him a-doin' of it.
POULTRY HOUSE
Git gut wns at ono time ot>tained mhero of the feline tribe. As have your poultry house warm, place ^ u** inorease*I the supply ran sh>it. it on the ou ta i do of the house and KiiMidjikents Nhowed that sheep furn-paint it. Any kind of water-proof	* ; an acceptable substitute
paper will answer if it is painted, and Mtgut uskxI by aurgeoi it will keep the cold and dampness uail n^kers of musical instruments out. If used on the inside It condenses
f,
If you use tarred paper in order to fA^n
uu
le
Now do
to
31,
So
A LOUD-VOICED BIRD.
A star y runs that, on a certain day two m-'.n, one of them very deaf, were walking by the railway an express train nishe*I by, and am it passed the engine emitted n shriek that seemed to rend the very sky. The, hen ling man's ears were well nigh «piit, but the deaf man «trunk an ecstatic attitude his suffering friend, he said with a pleasant «mile ;
"That’s the first robin I’ve heard tbirt spring 1”

jewellers

To that
would be a cl de <1 the interest at 4 per cent, on the sum of £-0,000 that I intend to give rny daughter for her dowry.
Young Officer—Well, the fact is, I have taken the liberty of including that in the calculation just sub/nit-
iy
le
mow from the mihmucosa, or
comm
the moisture and causes the house to	ml*Id 1*	layer of the	intestine of	s
be damp. With a strong frame no	^sep.	It 1» the must	commonly used
Ixjards need be used at all if the heavy	0y au	suturing material
three-ply paper is resorted to, but it	stitohee	are absorbe*!	in from five	to
must be admitted that the boards	days, depending on the indi-
will be of good advantage with the vidua 1 upon whom they am used. Ln
txc i-vlOttSl instances catgut •tltebN have been known to be absorbed in thirty-nix hours. By treating it with chromic add, such a suture will re-muln in punition for many wertkn. Because of Its adaptability and the cheapmew of the material catgut heads the list of surgical threads.
l-
a
Suddenly
[-
>f
Catgut
d
W I* < I (MO
if
CALVERT’S
bed
e
Then, turning to
Lime should U
pa pe r
6
Carbolic Disinfectants. Scape, Ointment, Tooth fowdirs, eta have bees •warded 100 medals and diploma* for eu perl* excellence. Th*ir regular use prevent infects-one diseases. Axk your dealer to obtals a supply. Lists mailed free on application.
F. C. CALVERT A CO.,
ENGLAND
REASONABLE.
The Father—Look here, my boy, you told m<* you would noed only $ >00 for your college term, and now you want $:>00 more.
The Son—But this ls for the things 1 don't need.
SELL BETTER
»
Dehorned cattle sell better than horned cattle for all purposes. They are preferred by shippers, slaughters or exporters. They look better, feed better, seU better and k II better. The that feeds horned cattle ifl handi-

Loo
PLENTY OF OTHERS. Blobbs—He doesn’t know enough to come in out of the rain.
Slobhs—That’s nothing thourttinxl years ago th*re was only man in all the world that did.
MANCHESTER

A trough of bran kept in the dry but where the chick» can have access to it at all times will be found of ex eel lent effect io preventing bowel troubles. If the bran becomes wet it will soon sour and will then become a source of disease. Whatever shelter is provided for Lt must be built with a view of perfectly protecting from dampness.
Bsttf E* Oselnge New i in port at ,c a# finest English fih-r, sod Asertc»n Hog 0«#lng#-reliable good# *& t . ht price. PARK. BLACK WEI. L â CO., Toronto
Silkworm gut can be more thoroughly starili**! than any other known
suture material lures of all warts, the usual method
bt to boil the material in ether, allow It to soak for twonty-four hours, them place it in alcohol for a <lay or two and follow this with a bath of mercury
lug this thorough cleansing, the microscope reveals germw still present in varying numbers in many instances. Silk worm sutures show fewer microorganisms than o(h*r materials treated Lrt this way, h mice in U highly recommended for surgical work material ia extracted from a silk worm killed immediately before it be gins "to weave its cocoon nately for the surgeon»,, silkworm sut urea are, not absorbed, but remain
For this rea-

Severn 1
ma n
capped from 10 to 25 cents per hundredweight in moat cases.
“ A Thing of Beauty Is a Joy."
Nerviline is a joy also. No rein-y*dy in. t ha world equals it. Neuralgia and rheumatism are relieved almost instantly and minor uehea and pi ins are cured by a single upplica-( 1 /a. Nervi line is wire to cure.
In preparing hu
E .TO* IA.L/ CHOICE FARMS, BRUCE County, JH Oml Write for yarlieolare, Jmmi 1C Btewmrt,
ffincsrdlBe, OmL

on**
HU an me wan Noah
MILLS, MILLS â KALIS,
BmrrU'.'-rr. eto.
Removed to Weeiey Buildings
Kiohtno-'48l W . Town to.
LAW
HE EXPLAINS.
Mamma—Why do you call him 'Jon-
HEART PALPITATION.
eey?
Not withstand
solution.
Catholic Prayer
It id well to keep the fact in mind that pure air and eun/thine are the beat of d us i n fee ta u ta. They dis
Johnmy—Well, you ere. hU name is Jones, but short.
FOU THE YEAH 1900
OlflXM, Soapuur*,
,	,	. .	Reludoot Pictures, Htetusry. aai Church °r°***"*f
No better resolution can be made than »,iu0BUoeal Works. Mail orders receire prompt eM*
to resist buying any of the substi- ite.	D. â J. SAOLiie * 00., Montrwil.
tutefl offers! as "just as good' as the great only sure-pop corn cure—
—Put min’s Pain leas Corn Extractor.
It never fails to give satisfaction.
Beware of poi-onou» flesh eating substitute©.
A QUEBEC LADY RELEASED FROM GREAT SUFFERING.

we call him Junnsy for
6»
count everything in keeping the
Turn
Slie Had Tried Naiy Heillrlne* without Avail, Rut I'll i ma iel » Bound n lure Through I be Tue of Hr* William*' I'lnk Pilla.
Brass Band
DANGEROUS WORK.
The dangtirom work of coil-mining i« a 1 m/nsft n third as fatal as the battlefield, far of every 1.000 miners 23.2 a.rd killed every year ini the performance of their work.
nursery coops in condition these coo;m over frequently so when the he-n- aiul their broods are out on the range, the sun may shine on them all day. if tnia ia regular.y attended to and their location changed sc aa to occupy afresh spot of ground once a week, you can relieve your nnud of any fear of foulness which will be injurions to the chicks kind of disinfecting coats nothing in the way of labor, and ia one <?f the cheap things which i/J thorvugiy
The
Instruments. Drums. Uniforms. Etc.
Every Town can have a Bang
Lowest prices ever tooted. Fine osUJofue trsiiom mailed free Write me for saythlnf la
Music or Musical Instrumente.
Whaley Royce A Co.,
Few bodily afflictions are more terrible than disease qf the heart. To live in constant dread and expectation of death, Huddeu and with last farewells unspoken, is for most people more awful to contemplate than the most serious lingering illness. The slightest excitement brings suffering and danger to siich people.
,
TO SCREW UP COURAGE.
Old Lady—How dare you a.%k any on** for money i You’re full of liquor now
Unfortu

EASIER SAID THAN DONE.

f
Mr. Newlyxved-Why not ©ay you worry you married me and dono
permanently in place sun its use is restricted to special
Soiled Sooner—t know it, lady! Yer «ten, I co#me o’ good people, an’ Eggin'
hard ter me I gutter take a
This
are
with it Î
Mrs. Newlywed, sighing—Ah, that is easier said than done, dear!
POULTRY, BUTTER, ECC8, APPLES,
tad other PRODUCE, to ensure beet results ooo**- %#
The Dawsoq Commission Co., Lin\itec,
Oor West-Market A Oolboms St., reroute,
work
<¦ inos
ouoiple o’ braoers 'fore I kin do it !
The short, tough tendon© taken fzxwn the tail of the kangaroo furnish surgeons wtith a valuable thread.
tendon stitches will
Thw time
For several years, Mrs. Gravel, wife oi P.H.A. Gravel, foreman in Barry’s factory. St. John’s suburb, such a sufferer, but
I -
good

CONVINCING
•in
H)R OVER FIFTY YEARS
MRS. WINSLOW H SOOTHING RYRUP hu been ¦eed by mother* for their children teething. It eoo he the child, eofieus the gums, sHayi p*in, cures wind solic, end Is the bee» remedy for di»/rh<M. 25o.» bottle. Beld by »il druggists throughout the world, W# emse end eek for " Mrs. Wine, ow e Nothing Syrup.
nui
cigar
Quebec, was thanks to Dr. Williams* Pink Pills
Kangaroo
h< 1 I fast for many day* of aboortion h estimated from four
I
Amicus—So you hive another baby
vvuai is he like? he i
< THE HONEY MAKERS.
Bees can endure dry cold, but not
da mimes*.
There are no lazy bees lew bees build drone comb.
Heat dues not damage honey, but tende to ripen and improve it. Darnp-and da.rku<*B9 do not agree with
# K#
I
t
at your house Eminent Critic—Well
interesting, but he is mighty
not
she is again in the enjoyment of good health. Mrs. Gravel says:—
weeks to two month©.
Dyeing ! Cleaning I
For the terj beet eeod your work to the
••BRITISH AMERICAN DYEIHC CO."
Look lor H*nt in yuur town, or tend direct.
Montreal,Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec.
very convincing
Queen
Horsehair and «Ivor wire sutures a-absorba bit
SUMPTUOUS CHINESE DINNERS.
A Chinoise dinner is pleasant only
For lavish dis-
"My general health waa bad for several years my appetite was poor, and 1 was easily tired, but it was the frequent sharp pains and violent palpitation of my heart which caused the greatest alarm. I tried ninny medicine©, and ’was treated by several doctors, but In vain. « Finally I became so poorly that 1 was not able to do any household work, and was frequently confined to my bed. At the suggestion of one of my friends 1 decided to try Dr. Williams Pink Pills. After taking a few boxes 1 began to gain new strength and vigor. The pu ins In my h a rl were less frequent and less severe, and in every way my health was imprvv-
t
The flui Is of
are
the body do nut affect th>*m in any way, and office in place the ©titchea will remain until forcibly removed. By «orne it is asserted that silver w’tre has distinct antiseptic proper-Nitrote; of silver in solution is known to be a goo t germicide. Hence it is argued that a silver salt in-juri us to germ development is formed by the contract of body fluids with
1'hu© stitch Abscesses
said to be of rare occurrence when
l7C>
HEMTl
as a roiiumsoeiice
play, abundance of fhual decorations originality of customs, and urv*atablo disbe©, a Chines» dinner has no coun-
oees
it
Honey that remains in the comb some time after being stored is always the best article when extracted.
In very cold w'eather bees often die, and, falling, will clog the entrance. They must be removed or the bees will •mother.
During the winter care must be taking in removing dead bees, so as not to disturb the hive and arouse
them into activity.
It is not ©o much in understanding the theory of beekeeping that brings ruccesss as in the capacity for looking after the details.
If there i* too much drone comb im the hive remove it ami replace it with worker comb. In this way the supply of drome© is easily regulated.
By having and keeping the entrance U> the hive© and vicinity clean and convenient for the bees to get in and many bees may be saved in w inter.
When bees receive but little attention and are allowed to build all of their own comb they always have kuge amount of drone comb, and this results in an over-production of drones.
me
ENGLISH
TEETHING SYRUP
Largest Sale
DISEASE
ter port
tie©
^	IMONT*EAL MOTEL JUgQTiBT. ^_____
The " Balmoral,” Free Bub
Mv< ; ill — Oollog# Atenue Family Hotel rates $1.86
AVENUE HOUSE
is a symptom of Kidney
A well-known
, j silver wire A re
silver wire Is utilized
Disease doctor has said, “ I never yet madea post-mortem examination in acase of death from Heart Disease without finding were at fa nit medirin which was first on the market, most successful for Heart Disease and all Kidney Troubles, and most widely imitated is

IN THE WORLD.
FAITHFUL LIKENESS
Silk thread sue.to as is used' by tail-hut of the. finest quantity and of larger calib r, is frequently used. The stitch1© are practically non-ab-soirbible though at times no trace of £ tthread his been found in the tissue _ at the expiration of a year
Artist—Here ia the portrait of your
and Sheet Metal none.
roofing blatrj*
lad or Qr**o SLATE BLACKBOARDS iWe H able end High SohoolB,Toronto I Roofing Fell, FHe% Honl T»r. eus ROOFING TILE (B e New Oily BstiF inga, Toroete, done by our flrui). Meut Ceilings, On* a eee eaa B*»lmeteirumt»hed tor work • omplele « fl aisterlnlaeh pped to eny part of Ibeeonntry Phone l* û. DVTHUA SOWS, Adelaides WldmerSU.,T#reelii
ROOFING
wife which---
Mr. Riohmin—Ah! It's very like her!
Artist—She—vr—h en— h* didn t p y Shft ©aid you'd do that.
Still more like
otr©
the kidneys The Kidney
1 continued using th.» pills until; 1 hud taken elight brxe», when i had, completely recovered my health, have gained In flesh; my appetite is imi I am able to do all my
wig
for it
Mr. Rich	n—Ah
her
THE NIMMO and HARRISON
To accommodate this assort ment of	¦ —^	j «
.fS.:*US5u"Dodd s SSSSiS&gseg business
to. 1 am vory tbaakful to Ur. Wil- "homsowife" entail needles tbit	Kldll6V	Louant^.«Vd^Nr.sna'pVe.cnbod £2
luma' Pink Pills, for they kiva tn.1, would warody be recognised,is such	AAlUliCJ	lC5u“ bf" 8*
— - — —	“* :	Pills	ESEEE™=3
-è=ê
Others hive the Virer'* wife-Well. Mr». Ulugge, I'm «orCirculer,end	^ToWe.0 The Canada Permanent
T?Z\XT^\ob:	TCtZnZr	and Western Canada
tew are formed . ter for it,	GOLDEN EAGLE'S STRENGTH.	Mortgage Corporation.
The golden eagle has great
It lifts and carries off with eu?e a weight of 80 pounds.
good
h-- h i l work without feeling the
COLLEGE
awful fatigue 1 was b.;f>re subject
SHORTHAND
I. 0. 0. F Building, Toronto.
*
out
l hope that others may be induced to toy this wonderful ui-diciue."

Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills cure by going to the root of the disease. They renew and build up the blood, and strengthen the nerves, thus driving disease from the system. Avoid imitations by insisting that every box you purchase is enclosed in a wrapper bearing the full trade mark, Dr.
Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale IVople.
If your dealer does not keep them they will be seat postpaid at 60 u'<ea an cents a box, or six boxes for $2.50, holder.
a
tune knife blade
apaces razor edge
like ordinary sewing in id# of greater ten 'il strength
HOW PROCESS BUTTER IS MADE
%
Some

I'his product is a comparatively
11 e r
Mrs. Bloggs—Oh, yes m, that he be.
Why, ever since e tpok Ihe pledge he’s
like a friend than a hue- strength
but
needles
competitor of creamery
&ew
B»d it is country butter of various degrees of rancidness and color, that s. so rank in
Canada Permanent Building,
Toronto 8t.. TORONTO.
Winnipeg, Man., Vancouver, • St John, N.g
Head
Office—
been moire
Instead of	lble a surgeon
needle band
instrument called a It ii shapsd like a pair of the points of which are blunt Th» needle i* held fast be-
Bsawcs Orrrc
taste, smell and ap-
to be unsalable for dir-c<mi©umption is thrown into a tank surrounded with water at a temperature of 100 degrees t, or
When the maas
pearanee as
uHL*i	lA/
¦Sl/htf. .
scissors
by addressing the Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co, Brockville, Ont.
Capital Paid Up, $6,000,000 Reserve Fund, - 1,500,009
fCt
clamps	¦¦¦¦
tween the jaws of the clump* until
released by opening the two blades am
Then a fresh

|Hl melted
Ubecome thoroughly melted the vat s skim mod, leaving the butter fat at
It is now removed to an-vat similar in construction fo
HIS FAILING
>ver. a
Ikl
are opened
scissors
hold im taken an dtbe action repeated with every stitch.
Money to Loan
Deposits Receive* and Interest Allowed
{sn/
las
Your husband, tried to commit eui-
Beerge Cooderham.
drift, did he f adked the doctor who had been hastily summone<T Yes, sir, replied the weeping woman. Made the attempt with a razor?
1# Vlce-Pnsldeet ep4 Ckwreifco of EieeeUte

the bottom
otheir-----
the first, where the mass at this stage
ef the process ham a very bed
next stop is to remove this disagreeable and disgusting smell. This a dons by pumping the fat up in a
A skillful surgeon has perfect
1 of tit» needle at all times. I hr re
during an operation
sav-
oom-
ma
|f|
Debentures les la Sterling and <.
a
tuf A
are moments
wh*n a well-plaoed etitcb nxeanm ing th© life of a patient.
tha skillful surgeon displays a
Yes
dor,



He
Well, madam he has failed will pull through nil right.
Oh, I suppose he will, sobbed the
wSSV'
the
At such
time*
awkward !
Poor John is

X
			
	
—
jb-t1 ¦—

###PAGE###4###



f
THE EQUITY.
DRUGS DRUGS
... 1900.
Removal !
The 44th Annual
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
• . . SHAWVILLE • . •
SHÀWVILLE, SEPT. 13, 1900.
• • • •
To the People of Shawville and viciqity :
• •••
DALE BROS.
Exhibition
EDITORIAL NOTES.
Farmers !
Wv wish to nrmoimve to you that »t have opened an npto-dato Mm; St on in Sliav \ il le in
uqder the aùspicos of
Agricultural Soc’y Jilo. 1
COUNTY OF PONTIAC,
It is feared Ireland will sutler from fau.iae again this winter owing to the extensive damage to the corn and potato crop.
HAVE
REMOVED THEIR
HOBBS’ BLOCK,
When you are in Shaw-ville call in and see our
Tinware Shop
Mitiuiie s Hotel)
'inly to supply >ou w it I
()|»i
Mr. George Taylor, M. 1*., chief whip of the Conservative party, speaks thus’-istic terms of Conservative recta in both Ontario and Quebec.
and we are n
Will he held at
in en* pros-
Drugs aijd Chemicals, Perfumes,
Sponges,
Toilet Articles,
Soaps,
Combs,
Brushes, &c.
SHAWYILLE, P. Q.,
on
Tuesday, Sept. 18th.
to the premises on
Plows. Pickanock Street
recently purchased by them and recently occupied by G, W. Swatman.
V
Notwithstanding all reports of his teiuplattid retirement, Dr. Landerkin has accepted the nomination of the South Grey Liberals.
con
The VERITY PLOW CO., Limited, Brantford, whose plow we keep on hand, has been awarded the
Over $1400 in Prizes
^ir l harles 1 upper and lion. George E. h ester are receiving rousing receptions erywhere throughout the Maritime pro-where political meetings are being
<'Ufrtomers will find us with
For all breeds of Horses. Cattle, Sheep Figs and Poultry Ladies' Vseful and Fancy Work Painting and Draw ing; Boot», Harness, Carriages. Implements. Grain and Horticulture.
ANo Dairying,
A full line of Goods
ev
vinces
held.
COLD MEDAL at the | »"'l prepared a* usual to execute *11 order#
in the jobbing line in n prompt and satisfactory manner.
Paris (France) Exposition, 1900, in recognition of the superior excellence of their plows.
The questions of prohibition and adult au d rage were shelved by a recommendation that they be referred to a vote of the people, a majority of the votes to be oast decisive.
DALE BROS.
A good program; of Attractions may be expected
Under t he able management of a Com-
See the local papers for a list. Special Frizes for Attractions will l>e thankfully received by above Committee.
A number of new Horse and Cattle Stalls and a Poultry House will be built for , the better accommodation of stockmen. I
Dinner may be had on Grounds.
A Brass Band may be expected.
Membership Fee. $1 00. Exhibitors'
Tickets free.	__
EChMTron °!Octs.“"dS ' Adulta>2Sota; W0 AM AgfilltS 101
Recipes of all kinds
will bo carefully and skillfully dispensed and at the lowest possible price.
We ask you one and all to call and inspect our Store and Stoc k.
If you do not require anything we will be just as pleased to see you.
jeadthis
And Remember It I
ENTRAL™ ANADA
Exhibition Association
Ottawa, Oat.
Lord Roberta has formally annexed the Transvaal to the British Empire, which fact, however, may not hasten the end of hostilities. A more decisive step in that direction would be the bagging of old
Kruger, and his wary generals, Botha Ifortunc t0 mm >'ou a11»
-a DiWit'	I " 'SES*.
SMART & SMITH.
Trusting that we may dmve the good
o

P. S.—Machine Oils and Mill Teeth.
SHAWVILLE DRUG Go’y
The Independent party, largely made up of Patron# of Industry, completed organization at Toronto last Wednesday. Their platform favori direct legislation, personal representation, public ownership of public utilities, government banking and compulsory arbitration.
A H BOX MANAGER.
its
The Winchester
All entries must lw in the hands of the Secretary not later than the 14th Sep tomber.
M and 10 o’clock Saturday morning and by noon the waters from the gulf had
inundated the island as Twelfth street | For Prize Lists and other information here in Galveston. From there the waters gradually encroached farther inland rising about 1.’» inches an hour. At »»p. m. there was oti inches of water in the lobbies of the Tremont hotel, the
•I
1
Rifle
ap- J

.38 - 55 BALLARD & MARLIN
The dates for the holding of our Exhibition
this year are from
ply to the Secretary-Treasurer at Elm side.
\ b
\
Hon. Hugh John Macdonald, Premier of Manitoba, has accepted the nomination of the Brandon Conservatives and will h*fihest point in the city. At nine o’clock
rr r “ - ..........................
ar.lament with Hon. Mr. Sifton, Min- it gradually receded but the wind was ister of the Interior, at the next general cycionic ln its force. It reached a veloc-elections, which means that an exceed- Uy °* M mileH an hour and then Hie il ‘
ingly hot time is store for that gentle- weré'wrôck'ed.^
Mr. U P, RobMn is spoken of as Mr. Macdonalds successor f<»r the Manitoba premiership.
Special Prizes.
Winchester loaded Shot Shells, 16,12 and 14111 111 ZZlllI OWl.
10 Gauge, slightly discolored, at $1.50 Entries close 13th Sept.
per hundred.
T he following is a list of special prizes offered, namely
L. Shaw, $.V(X), for the best herd of pure bred cattle.
British American Insurance Co., through their agent Mail vs Cowley, $4.00, fur the best general purpose farm team.
The Shaw v ille Milling Co.. bid. flour for î lie Iiest n bushels Scotch wheat.
The Dowd Milling Co., Ltd., $5.00, S-» tH.\ 1st : $-.00, 2nd, fur the best five bushels w bite oats.
Ib ii. Ge Bryson, $10.(H). divided follows : $:> 00, $2.00, for best 4 11h loaf of home-made bread ; $3.00, $2
for best 25 U», tinnet of home-made but
COLD
MEDALS
IY|cDOUGALL and CUZNEIJ’S Hardware Stores,

Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
man
As soon as daylight came and the fury of the wind had abated the work of cue and searching for the dead me need. In one room the reporter count ed seven dead bodies
I	in list as Spec iai Prizes !
The Largest List of Specials offered by any Exhibition !
res
com
MCMULLEN’S
POULTRY NETTINGS and LAWN FENCINGS
I
The ‘Tremont hotel was made a rendezvous for the lir-
as
Oar old friend Mr. J. T. Pattison, from
his sanctum in Hull city, has been
phesying little things about the result of the coming election
1 ii.d not have done thusly, becanse the fact should be
No effort will l>e spared to make this vear’M Exhibition +b* 1^t exer keM by the Association. •
’ho grounds and buildings are now in bent condition and up to date In every
mg
no
pro-
Are not Surpse»ed In the World.
t vi-
Untrue Reports.
Regarding t lie Cotiser vat iv c nomination for this county report-* have been in cir
î culation that Mr. E. Graham, of Elniside, JOHN YOUNG,
is going to be a candidate against all comers, and that Mr. Gerald H. Rmhazon had expressed hi.- intciVioii <,f hein_ in “ the field as well
xv‘“. Hemphill, $2.00, fvr the best set ol hand-made horseshoes, (square cork from the hammer.
Mr
Pattison
Tlieir
Worn Wire Fencings
s
exce respect
wer present with him that
prophet, politically, he has
E. chah/\m,
as a
the past achieved any great distinction. It seems to us in this particular f fiat the deductions our friend has reached are very much dominated by th • tight that they should be precisely as he has reasoned them out.
never in
have stood over 15 years of successful testing on farm and rail wav.
Si:i '. -THE AS,
instance
Both gentlemen • were m town on Saturday last and Tin I ; * i, ,
anxious tu get at the truth, interrogated All the arrangements have been i hem oil the subject. Knowing the pleted for the big fair to be Whilv this is character of the gentlemen it did il :
SPECIAL OFFERS MADE THIS YEAR ON
Ottawa’s Big Exhibition.
will be the best that
can procure.
HOC FENCING.
money
CO 111-
given at
no doubt very satisfactory and j leasant |,riSv l,s tu Ivarn that the report* referred ingSept. 22, by the Central Canada Exhibi-
&2Ss»j£»
pui o.iee hope of success. We are con- held, and we feel assured they will loyally Nearly all the available exhibiting space strained to believe our friend will discov- sld,1,dt :° whatever decision is come to. has been engaged and the applications or his mistake by and by, and confess he	-—----- lmve come frul« «11 over the world.
, k„o„ jm bo. publi. ... I GLAOLY_ACUEPT.
jrbt? f *» —« « T°he B”,,d4Con“"a,ira,	i:
ti.e l embroke Observer with the idea xx mnipeg. Sept. , .—The convention i agement having undertaken the task of that if Thos. Murray consents to become '' iîra!uIun Conservatives held at Suun?, making the last of the big fall fairs the
HI £=H :ESE.,
A*1 l! can 'earn *n Hie same connection, t0 ,a-	,	I excellent in every respect. The Very beat
it would be foolish for the Conservatives \ tc.egram announcing the fact was specialties which money could procure
c arnation. No doubt this would be very *ilct ant* wl" °° proud to be the candi- which could only be selected by careful gratifying to the Observer, which, by the ,,e:	. ,	study and long experience.
55 EEEBH
, jst as staunc.i a Liberal, too, as Thos. wood,amis, wiu become premier in sue- horses and horsemanship in the most
Murray. But our cotem need not enter-1 c®88,0“ to Hof>; ?Ir- Macdonald and that marvellous high jumping and other feats
the cabinet will increase to five paid mem- of acrobats and athletes and the comic • bers, Mr. Garland, member for Portage features which go to make every exhibi-is- la t rame, and Colin H. Campbell, with- tion a success but of ono thing the public on out portfolio, going in.	may rest assured and that is that anv
These Goods are all manufactured by the Ontario Wire Fencing Co., Limited, of Picton, Ont.
0
Mir
Modern and
Realistic
Spectacular
“ Battle of Paardeburg aqd Surrender of General Cronje.”
ror sale by the Hardware Merchant* and General Dealer* throughout Canada. Also by the Canadian Hare ware Jobbers.
GEN. AGENTS
The Cr. Greening Wire Co. of Hamilton and Montreal. Agent for Railway Fencing Janie* Cooper, Montreal.	^
Cumupundencc \nth Manufacturers incited.
seen
Tlii* i> the famous battle in which our
Canadians took such a prominent and effective part.
*** Svv tllv Rattle re produced on the Exhibition Ground*.
Canada’s Sons Kopje and Veldt
Just
Published
on
on
0
Reduced Rates
on all lines of travel.
An authentic account of the Canadian Contingents in the South African War. By T. G. Marqis, B. A. Introduction by Wry Rev Principal Grant, L, L. D. Based on the official despatches of Lieut. -Col. O. ter and other commanding officers at the front. Complete in One Volume, 600 pages, richly illustrated, only $1.50. Agents coining money. GET FREE PROSPECTES.
For Prize list and nil Information write
E. McMAHON, Sec'y,
-0 Sparks Street,
OTTAWA.
T. C. BATE,
Treasurer.
1*. s. Ske Masset-Harris Co’s Specials
ON PAGE 4 A AND 4 B OF PRIZE Ll8T.
The Bradley-Garretson Co., Limited
BRANTFORD, ONT.
Wm. HUTCHISON, ftf. P.,
President.
tain any such glowing hopes. The Con eervatives of Pontiac are alive to the sues of the day, and will be found record when polling day closes, in very
pronounced condemnation of either Thos. 1 No “ Machine " in this
Murray or any other candidate who ap-	-
peala for their suffrages aa the supporter The eighty-seven charges, including
of the present discredited adminiatra-1 Per*on»‘°"». »S»''«f»1 ‘he return of Mr. | Mr. John V. Eli., M. P., for St. John
last, ^ and the petition dismissed with I The fellow employes of Mr. Alex, costa against the petitioner.	Justice Fal-	Young, whose death occurred	from acci-
hadhinf ;aid lhat ampl°	.?Pr°rtunity	dent at Whitney, Ont., some	weeks ago,	Finest	and	safest	rifle	ever made
__	. lad been 81'en Becure ail necessary have evinced the esteem in which the de- for large or small game.
Galveston,	Tex ,	Set t,	10 —Several	" Hnes*e# and not h,"8 to establish wrong	ceased was held by collecting	a purse of	| Write for compete 190# Catalogue.
hundred to	one	thousand	person,	killed	t?"* * respondent hed	been	1350 and pre.enling it to the	widow. It
a city almost in ruins, the warf front en I**'	I was a thoughtful and generous act.
¦W1
The storm commenced raging between mation comes from a good source. wÊEÊKÊt WÊÊÊ	I
person visiting the Ottawa Exhibition with the expectation of recoving ment and instruction will not be disap pointed.
.303 Calibre.
amuse-
case.
?


Savage Magazine Rifle.
lion.
Appalling Calamity
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Only Emmeries Smokeless 6-Shooter.
CAL VESTON CITY, TEXAS, ALMOST WIPED OCT BY STORM AND HUNDREDS OF LIVES LOST.
One rifle takes six different cartridges. Point Blank Range for Hunting.
RMS GO., UTICA. N. T., U. 8. AMERICA.
THE MARKETS.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
Stopping Place to Rent.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, old, (standard) 75c. new,
Oats per bushel, 86 to 27c. Pease per bushel, 00 to 60c. Eggs, per dozen, 12c.
Butter, per pound, 00 to 18c. Wool, per pound, 16 to 18c. Pelts, each, 45 to 75c. Calfskins, 40 to 50c.
The undersigned offers to let his large well-equipped stopping place on John Bull Creek, 1 pper Coulonge. The premises nf- j ford good accommodation, which includes stabling for fifty-six teams. Will be rented already stocked with supplies for Ing winter’s travel, or without, as lessee may desire. For further particulars apply
GEORGE CRAWFORD.
Otter Lake.
To buy well, watch the latest price# and information in the special THADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware end Metal Mereheet The Dry Goods Review The Benliseller and Stationer.
mplea Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO.# Limited
70c.
coin
to
stead will remain standing.
s






###PAGE###5###
t


THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No. 21Q.
An Early Glimpse of
11 OF i
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISHED KVKKY THVKShAY
AT HHAWVILLf, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION—$1,00 A TEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper «topped until all arrearages e paid, unless by special arrangement with ' ubllsher.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
f

Meet* the Till Wednesday of every month.
Court due* must be paid promptly every month.
Viilttng brethren cordially invited.
Fall... Goods
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Booms.
LB.C
I
A. SMILEY, Prop.
Fall Ploughing
s. A. Cowan, II Ft
H. k. Barnett, F.6
J. W. Eadkh, C. R
o
ADVERTISING RATER *
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
Legal advertising, eight cents per line for flrst insertion ami four cents per Hue for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards nut exceeding ouo Inch Inserted at 14.00 per year.
I/'cal announce monts Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first insertion and three ceuts for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per Hue.
[Jew Dress Goods flew Silks flew Hosiery flew Underwear flew Cloves
New Blankets New Comforters New Mantle Cloths New Jackets New Capes.
We have an immense range Ladies’ Jackets and Capes
to select from.
All the leading shades are to be found in the selection—Dewey Blue, Emerald Green, Black,
Navy, Brown and Fawn.
84 Nepean St., Ottawa, Ont.,
Limber cf All Kinds Bo# and Sold.
will soon be in order, and farmers need not be told that it is decidedly to their advantage to provide themselves with a first class Plough before they begin.
See our
Latest Improved
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commission Business a Specialty*

V
ItKmtKXi eh by Permission ;
l>enli* Murphy. Pm. Ottvwa Transportation C h\ W* Avery,, Hull Lumber Vo.
iShirrin. B. B. Eddy Co.
La tot ford & McDougall, Barristers.
John Hfney & Sofia.
H. N. Bate A Bon.
This is of where
JOB PRINTING
J.T
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order»* by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
we
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
J0I{N S^ITH, Proprietor.
s
Riding Plow
Shine !
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
F. M.A.McNaughtoq, M.D..C.M. TUc spot spot f°r~
A Fashion able Hair Cvt, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
Manufactured by the Perrin Plow Co.
IVjade in several styles to suit all kinds of soil.
The Most Complete Implement yet Offered.
Graduate of M< Gill University,’
Office -Realdence of the late Dr. H. II
Knox, Shaw ville.
Our Dress Goods
ft M Italfjçnn I Continue to arrive weekly and among the collec-U, ffl.UUllflllluUll, tion you will find the latest designs and best
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
tir Your Turn next.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
m
A. SMILEY - SHAWYILLE.
F. T. M. C.
tirsdnate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Gre-iaate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Ornca and Rksiurnik : J. H Armstrong's House, MAIN STREET - - 8HAWVILL*.
values. As usual we enjoy the reputation
of being Leaders in HIGH-CLASS DRESS GOODS.
Tweed Skirts are the Correct Thing
For Fall wear. We show a nice line in Plaids, Stripes and the popular plain Homespun.
(Blouses to match.)
P. S. —Stylish Rigs and Harness.
amd
JEWELLER
LEGAL.
KRKP8
A flKI.RCT STOCK OF
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE
&<*.. Ac.
BOURBEAD RAINVILLE, L. L. L
J
ADVOCATE
B HYSON
u —

r ?/>
• •
)
1

WILL VISIT SliAWVILLK EVERY MONDAY

HKPAIRtNO —
A SPK- IALirV
THE IMPROVED
Alpha de Laval
i
WM. GAMBLE,
SHAWVILLE, 0
Ready-made Clothing.
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Hoorn 20, Trust Building. No. IS Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At aUawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office-over O. F. Hodglns’ Store, Main St.
District and Country
* I We show for Fall trade the finest assortment of up-to-date and popular priced Ready-made
Clothing in the County.
I
The Massey Harris Company of Toronto, have been awarded at the Haris Exhibition the grand prize, or the htghest award til q | u we j given, for their display of Lanadian agri-Vi tUi V ¦ W K I Vl tl I j | cultural implements. This company also
carried off it the Veromf Italy, exhibi-I tion the Grand Prize over the worlds competitors for their implements.
Z

iSc
BABY No. 1
j wil! save you $10 per cow " !	per year
P. S.—Rifles, Breech and Muzzle-loading Shot T,ie Prices are net at list t0
one and all alike
discount.
O
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
3
OF THE PROVINCE OF gCKBEt

lolaona’Bunk Chambers —	. ,,	.......	.
11 Metcalfe St., Ottawa. Hon. W tlliam Mulock has not pleased the
farmers by his administration of the

Phone No. 117%
Law biixinein Ottawa and Pontiac Dis-1 Posta* Department any more than he has trictsiU vdt-d to
Guns, Ammunition, &c-
no
i Hr
m
the letter carriers and city electors. A v gorous protest was registered against the inefficient service in rural districts on the platform where Sir Richard Cart
wr’ght was nominated in South Oxford last week. His effort to make a good financial showing by playing the part of a «lave driver with the postal clerks and letter carriers, and by reducing the service in country placer, will not satisfy the people.
A,
WSm
W. W. IRELAND,
jyo DIFFERENCE. GEO. HYNES
FURNITURE DEALER AND
9B
Write for particulars to
r
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satisfactorily.
» W.S.CLARKE,!
AGENT FOR PONTIAC,
MOREHEAD, - - QUE. f
//

\
The fact that the name of
our place of business has been changed j from Park man to Starke's Corners makes no difference with us.
\i
QUE
SHAWVILLE

UNDERTAKER,
- - QUE. I *
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
' H-
This year’s programme of special attrac	OTT A
lions at the Central Cinada Exhibition at We are still in the old stand, doing busi- oHA \ArV ILLS, Ottawa, which commences oa September ness on the same fair, square-dealing lines 14th, is beyond question the finest that and ever ready to meet the requirements has ever been secured by any exhibition association. The list includes chariot racing in fiery chariot». Professor N. It.
Sutherland’s held f trained horses, Miss Lillian Schaffer and her wonderful leats on horse back, laughable antics of the celebrated trick mule, Sparta, exhibitions of fancy bicycle riding including the des cent on a wheel on a ÜU foot ladder from the roof of the grand stand to the ring, acrobats and contortionists, the whole to conclude with an unusually grand disp’ay of fire woiks. The management have spared neither trouble nor expense in selecting and securing the best features procurable. These, combined with n competition along every line of exhibits open to the world, cannot fail to give all visitors satisfaction to the utmost limit.
One of the most interestng features of the fair will be the twelve mile road race on
I
NOTARY PUBLI NOTARY FUR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND HAVINGS CO.,OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, . - QUE.
Will be in Shftwville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
?
?
?
;
A large, well-selected and varied .-dock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
of our customers
During the present season we	to
direct special attention to our
NEW ANI) COMPLETE STOCK OF
WANTED !
Y HE
IN UNDERTAKING
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
PORTAGE DU FORT
AI LI FF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT Sbuwvllle . Que., respectfully solicits engagementalor any business 1 uconueetlon with all Courts in the County. Collections madeandp-onipireturnsastiured
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging front the plainest requisites to the most elegant-iy designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
B
Summer
*
Roller Mill
An Active Canvasser
In Pontiac County, to work
Goods
GENERAL
FRESH and CURED
amongst farmers, to represent the LARGEST NURSERY IN CANADA
JAS. HOPE & Co.
YrANÜFACTVRINO STATIONERS,BOOKSEL Al 1er», Bookbinders Printers, etc. Depository f the Ottawa Auxiliary Bitiledouiety,Ottawa,Ont
which embrace a varied assortment of the-newest lines in the market, and only need examination to recommend them to customers.
HAYING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
STONE & WELLINGTON, of TORONTO.
MEATS
Permanent position to good, steady man; pay weekly, free outfit and good terms. Splendid local references will be supplied as to our stock and reliability, to assist in canvassing.
J. J. TURNER,
TEAS! TEAS!
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
Pontiac. Sales conducted In a business-like.	...	..	.	,
and satisfactory manner. Goods or articles foot. In this, athletes from the 0. 0.
O'*r eaao nabïe^terran.% A' C will enter into competition with
lie sales conducted at Shawvlile once a n®r§ from all over the world and the novel
month, a variety of articles always on and interesting race will start and finish hand for sale: Office : Khawville, Que 1	¦
of all kinds at
e # #	e e #
Our stock of Teas stand unsurpassed in quality ami price. It will pay you to give them a trial.
First Duality Flour.
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. 0. McGUIRE,
rur.
Apply to
C. K. GRIGG
JæT Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
in front of the grand stand. This takts place on Tuesday, Sept. 18th, and will be watched with great interest.
During the session of the Central Canada Exhibition at Ottawa last year some of the railroads decided not to reduce their rates on the ground that it did not I the day
pay to make such sweeping reductions. I We had quite a number of visitors in This year, however,'arrangements have | town this summer, but must of them have* been made by which return tickets will gone away.
be issued over all lines entering the City, I The Public School has re-opened, and
with their connections, for one tint-class I has two teachers instead of one. The as-1 London, Sept. 7.—A special despatch from fare and during the Fair excursions will distant is Miss Honan.	Shanghai, says Li Hung Chang has made
be run on special days at still greater re- The new Methodist Church, which has I request for an American escort to accom-duced rates. Special rates will bo issued	been in course of erection since June, is	pany him on his journey to Pekin and that
to Exhibitors and their attendants to	completed, and will be dedicated on Sept. !	United States Consul Guoduow is coneid-
allow them to come to the city previous to	16th. The Rev. J. Grenfell, of Arnprior, j	ering his request.
the fair and return after it is over. The will preach and dedicate the church at Now that a proposal more in conformity Tl I	nmnnTT I public are advised to watch for the announ-	10.30, a. in.; Rev. Wm. Knox, of Beach-	with the original American recommends
L A	I	||K	Y	cement which will appear in the papers	burg, at 3 p. m.; Rev. A. 8. Cleland, I	tion has apparently met with the appro
1 ÜU1 Ulll i I and on posters giving all information as to former jwistor at 7.30. On Monday even- j bationof at least a majority of the powers,
the prevalent rates and the days of the	ing tea will be served by ladies from 5 to I	the British foreign office has allowed it to
special excursions together with fares, :	7 30 p. m. on church grounds. 7.30,	become definitely known that the British 1	—^ ¦¦eueie „ T1 A 1 IPRAMPTI Y CT CTPI IRFfll
program in church, addresses, music, etc. I government is of the opinion that it is	TTTTT.Q QTT"C! : j|» nUlYir I LT 3C.uLlflCIJJ
Admission, tea and program, 25cto. I advisable for the allied forces to remain in	YV ¦¦¦ W w ¦! kr j | / Frj|e.f®î oxî\ *"%Z**"* books " ,BveBV
Beachburg band in attendance.	| Pekin until satisfactory arrangements are MAIN STREET. SHAWVILLE, (send u* ? rough sketch o^môdel ©fyooHn"
concluded with the Chinese governments.	_	Jvention or improvement and we will tell you
assumed air of authority ; but the balance	1 e e- ews	rSliSttprecoml through M.rton & Ma-]
of opinion leans to the belief that Russia	Mr. Orner L. Auger, of Montreal, who 1 >rion receive special notice without charge in,
is still inclined to adhere to her decision has just returned from Cape Nome, says j j the Do m i n km***	distribt,lcd throughout,
to quit Pekin, whatever the other powers it is all a fraud about the great discover-	°
may do.	[ iee of gold at that place.
;
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE'S CORNERS.
RENFREW, Ont
hotels.
THIS IS THE SEASON
St. Lawrence Hall,
JOSEPH BROWN,
FOR
aar
T., Q
PROPRIETOR.
Proprietor.
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Ice Cream,
Fresh Fruit,
Choice Candies, Confectionery, &c.,
FOR SALE:
Allies to Remain in Pekin
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
?
A quantity of—
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.

The Shawville

PATENTS
All to be had at the popular Fruit and Grocery Store—
SASH and DOOR
—ALL KINDS OF—
etc
Interior & Exterior
COÜLONŒE.
The Model School of Coulonjze opened on Tuesday with a new teacher, Miss si i•iming, of Costicook
FINISH FOR
2ouies 8c Verandahs
MANUFACTURED.
Snowflake
John Rankin died in Toronto on Monday afternoon after an illness of ten Nearly all the young men of this place j months. Deceased formerly carried on are away to the woods.	- | business as a lumberman and merchant in
Lumbering operations are being extern ! Cobden and Renfrew , was elected as a sively carried on this season.	! Conservative for North Renfrew to the
Two of the pupils of the Model school I first parliament of Canada after Confeder are going away to school—Master James 1 ation, but resigned in 1871. He was Colton, to Shaw ville Academy, and Mas-1 appointed collector of custom# at Bowman ter George Bryson to Ottawa.,	ville and held the office until 1897. when
The farmers have all finished their har- ! he was enperannuated. He was 85 years vests and threshing is now the order of 1 of age.
log
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. Ac,
Kept In stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULAR!*RICES
<
tarera an<?Engineers
MARION & MARION
Patent Experts and Solicitors.
—Patent business of Manufac-
McCREDIE & HODGINS.
On the first of December this year the A new alligator steamboat is to be built Merchants Bank of Canada will asume Its | at Sand Point this fall for the use of the new name, the Royal Bank of Canada.
Estima tee furnished.
f
New York Life B ld g. fUntrwl
Upper Ottawa Improvement Co.
DC.


à X
Vi
.5*4.


j
###PAGE###6###

him to give thn fu latent ©<ua to
were there »ujr mark* which wh» H the
U the butt«r mdU. Then boat un
yWWWWWWHWWMiN
HOUSEHOLD.
| mon eouroc of eontamlMt ion. On milk farms where there ha» been a case of typhoid fever, boiled water only ehould bo used for rinsing the milk cans.
it sometimes happens
^i«.VeViVÙVm>	«V. AiiWiVùiiWAVSA »’«•'.
j Agricultural!
IAAA*V W/W#vMMWM*»' f
Notes and Comments.
iMwt, to throw uny light euhw upon Pudding.-One cup I his name or from whence he came, eour milk, one- Whether, after hU wtrunge Arrival on
hallow pin*
1WW Indian
wwt milk, one cup	.	, t
If t«viîsixon/ul of soda, « pinch of	nIumxvi of Nova hoolLi, any al-
and one-half cups of corn tavmpt was made t<> tench him an in-two and ft half to three | udligible language Is not known; but
the long
from India with The mo u*oon
BiitWf news com ins

In su tamer that I diseases are produt l hy ice oi b	Hunk.
cleanliness und low
it»gat'd to t ho famine.
«nu» «»» *»*
famine totals shows signs of diminish- The -four crop' rotation, corn, preventives inir But even yet there are ecmie wheat, and two years' grass, seems to tumpeiat uie
not established itself. ing, detail, corn is planted on the able to milk tom mg turn t
cult * Indeed, that is the case every- and soils subject to drouth, un applica- to avoid danger of dist i ibuting drne tm
where lor even with the combined in- turn of ÛOO pounds of kainit broadcast, in his milk ho musU *ulin»t four tu
fluence of ample moisture and tropical	The fallowing fall the wheat is plant-	Never	allow mlk U) enter the mi	*up.
Wt fodder must have some time to	eKi_ and is fertilised as seeded, with	ply if	it omm* from an umma s
s row. On the» whole, however, things	commercial fertilizer. The timothy	ing from any kind o a Lat'tl4*n Ul
have taken a turn for the better As	eeed is sown with the wheat, the clover	never	a*-a *ul> lw,^’u ravuig	in
the rains have begun in a the following Spring. Vhe third contact "ithoi i «covering rom >
.V.iriet fever or diphtheria
In
I1ANC. THIS UP IN TH G LA UN Oit Y
The
Balt, one
llkCV» 1
Dry 14si et ai us on table linen iu»> lx> removed by applying eqnil U nantit lea of the yolk of egg and glycerin.
When dry wash In the usual way.
Apply glycerin to coffee ,la‘n8» Lwo |oVel wash the spots in lukewarm wutei I	jIV4t b fore serving
and iron until dry.	in iy 1m added to the pudding if liked,
Spots produced by acid will disap- 18pC4Ha awest apples or ram ns being
greea additions,
Oak» Filling,—Boil one cup
Steam
S,Mve with a sauce made by L^taln it is that during
lire
Beyond much doubt a
hours.	.	.
using one cup of maple sugar and one-	h(S h is passed am mg
¦¦of milk boiled together and hl<> r<Vs,i lent* of Dig by Neck he ins tablttspoonfuls of butter | |U>1 ncqUj,^i their tongue, and he
has never by Npeevh conveyed as much
the hum-
half cup
roouâouu lias
Fruit
IA a single thought to any ont
of hit arrival
v a h
The manner mysterious; he h h remained a m.*-
t*<ry ever slnci ho hi* been a mm without n name,
which was
If touched with spirits of harts
pear
horn, and those produced by alkali wlir disappear if vinegar Is used.
Pour clear bulling water through I ol)p of water
For fort y-t wo y rs
Layer
Of granulated sugar and one-quartn
without at ir ring until It
when dropped in oold water.
except that <nf "Jerome,’ given him by *>mm of the fid Who thmght tint on,N of tin ho uttered resembled tint word,
ill very well for (he poor people of the district to lw* ho pit hie towards the h l,l'*-s cripple for a while; but it was difficult f *r tlvm l<> lh dih - I for th ‘un ¦ Iv **
felt that th*y call no
berry-stained goods.	stiffen*
Blood stains should be washed in Thou stir in quickly one C’JB 0 M t.4
lukewarm, not hot or oold, suds. Let Lt Bml chopp'd raisins am	*w 1
few minutes before | (>f <>no egg whipped to a frutb. bpnvi
The cake should
nrinan
•oiiu Is
aoon a*
Light iron rust, ink or mildew, may cf nulk, oiw t\gg. <	0( longer !*• burdened with bn Mi|>p i t.
srs	r-tt z r:;:,..........
r JLz rr-;d='^~E. °ik'X ;;i ::
Wagon grease or tar spots should j the dry lugi«'.liants;	unce Jone hundred and four dollir*
tie rubbed well with lard or kerosene butter aivt water. -	( waj| .. jer0ro V* first coined-
Let the | muffin pan half an hour.
Fritters.—One cup of sweet
It was
the oaks at once
oil
One-
crops
th it with the advent of the raine
the consequent decrease of the famine nitrogen for the other three crops
end of distress. Peo- the rotation, but this it rarely doe*, a0uroes or with boiled water.
consider that the especially a* the clover itself frequent-stupendous calamity, \y fail* from luck of mineral plant THE CULTIVATION OF THE OHCH-
Aa timothy follows the clover,
i ad
in rinse
totals there is an
pie on the spot traces of thus
which has almost overwhelmed u large food
of India, will bo visible for the the nitrogen stand suffers
t oinini n»n-
AUD
il
The ideal orchard is kept tree from all vegetation, and the surface soil cultivated frequent enough to keep it In view of the fact that most farm- iu a	porous condition. Weeds
and the
a severe come
par l
best part of a generation. The people attack More the grain crops
back to their homes round.
* -e
|M li-
ft i"e now going broken and well-nigh helpless. 1 hey have practically lost everything
riv a id of t h ' legH-i ir*u > u {ht, and, p i 1"'?
granttMl an ill w-
The
very little fertilizer, is it any mortality among the cattle, their womjor that crop yields have fallen gl0Umi is kept shaded and cool by a main source of wealt h, has U*eu so c>^ y Qf course, the point is made that mup.jli tiitker of the soil itself or the gieat that it is estimated by authority retw»e part of crops, and the most auuuill deposit of leave® left that in many districts not more than 5	gINLM is returned as manure,—
|X‘i cent remain alive. Much good gxrtictically, not one half of tliie plant aUy eU€t will furnish shade. Soane land therefore, will not be under culti- tlKkl in cni^ used on the farm goes faniMjra utilize their orchards by ration at all this year, simply because	tv the soil as manure. It is not planting root crops between the trees,
there are no oxen to plough and pie-, all important that it all ought to The cultivation of those will keep
matter of praotiesl duNN u the weeds and keep the ground
not allowed to grow.
era use
are
tx> the fabric.
to de-
Thu tree, after it has grown to
cay
while the grease is fresh lard remain awhile, then wash «nit
tion with the HIu*-banks of the l
ih, 1 from that tim • t « th* pres-bis reguhrly appeared Financial ILdivn
>;o /-
PP le ^WPWPW
ssiElli™
Serve with powdered
iiuve ent \\U nnm
i h - pig'- of
(<* LnvratigaUuii unravelh* I nothing
ini tbs leg! liture
pare it.
go back ; ae a
fact, it does not, and would possibly |uoae the surface.
Again, before they came to the not J>av ^ l{ aid, ou account of the Where the trees are large and close Government relief works the people	exlwnde in	handling.	*	together some crop that will need but
had sold all their household g«»«»ds.	Now	[<lllUtils oo\«r thoir whole	utile tending should 1% put in. Cow-
Their furniture, their superfluous	’laud with twenty tous of ma- 1XKia will be of benefit to the soil, and
cooking-pots, the bangles and heads of	acj6i t>ui if they did, they will furmsh an abundance of exercise
the women, all the scanty possession» wmjU y acie about -0J pounds and food for the fowls it allowed to white goods i may	goak
1, dependent for tho neoeeear.es of ^ ^ wllh mintiU1| fertilizers. truifc There is no belter crop than I»* <>f.	, M,v.
life on charitable funds and the bene- ^ ^ and phosphates, its nitrogen clover, especially the crimson variety. the ^.b"° 8houW ^	,hP
of the Government. blx ^ Ue ttddlld lttrgeiy to the gam, as Xh* roots keep the soil in good condi- •»» dlfferc’nt wat”a	.	[J,
months must elapse before any propor- muvk u[ a ,emvim iu lhv „tubb.e and tion and add nitrogen to it. The *tal° “ "T*™1,	^	. f.,bric
tion of them can be onoe again self- ^ ^	^ ^ ell u( „ u counted, heavy annual ueposit of leaves and lime may be left to "U	.
supporting. The Government, it may be	aml added	lo vbo farmyard	manure,	«terns act as a mu ch, while the heavy ^ ^	ink stems	on «• H *
umed will deal generously with the	^ toUl	^ etlll below the	needs of	growth of the plants shade the ground	at	once oovere'1 w
peasant and make large remissions of ljj#	lt ia true that there may and kecp ib cool. As to the labor in-
revenue in the affected districts. The ^ 6ome considerable gain front ruin v-olved, this crop will need no attention consequent loss on the 1-aud revenue
made it seem inevitable a few mont lis
vl 1 h ' grant from year to
tallow cxn
tallow—by the time
gone the Ink will be gone, too; still | doughnut#
another U» to soak the stained gar-
lf the ink Is on
be rubbed with
year ever since.
Before the advent of th ' rail way, "Jerome" was an object of much iu-
i by coach, w ho
him btskiiw in t h »
sugar or syrup.
ment in sour milk
tercet to passengers won I I obwve summer sun.
"JER01E" OF NOVA SCOTIA
md woui I stop to s *e
Hut
him and inquire into htj cis" eventually they got ko the sight an,l to ih* story thU «h -y
themselves with simply
ickiu>wledgLng him by a wave of 'ho
Wit it I h ' " a :i-
A STRANGE ENTRY IN THE BLUE BOOK OF THAT PROVINCE.
accu «tom » I to
content v«l
(hr shore 4* lean A*« !'•** Itmh l-egw Am pel sud-HI» X«ll«»elllF Kit 11 a ilyelrry.
round on
vole nee
hand a* th v posa id
ing of Interest and curiodty on » he part of the public, tog th.T with t ht <•; mis truc I ion of the . rail way—"hi* h un like the <>1 I post-rood, do>> r,«»t i»n
of t hit locality—
*\
of the

"Financial Rot urns,"
Blue-book# issued by the legislature time, of Nova Scotia, contains a very brief
one

__ Mit, end left thorn for some
wheat they may be rubbed with a lit- eoitry, the «tory of which is I*' b i>s
tie lemon juice.	unique in the annals of public doeu-
Apiilv very strong soda water to monts. It is simply the one line:
$ 104.00
or
near th* sh n "Jerome
ml hU strange story ate I mo.«t forgotten except by t ho e
neighborhood of
the. hbirfts of t lie tnd wh *r«
water so that taking ail ii\ ail, the cxcept plowing up and reseeding every nitrogen may po^iiny be made up— third or fourth year.
mow a in the immediate
paint spots, Spread soda on grease	Jeax>me.....
of Normandy and lint tans in
to a further
ego to have recourse rupee loan of considerable magnitude. Now, however, it seixm* that this may
The despatch of the
though we aii g no w n ifiu't. iu the <xuki of the uiniejui lei lilizers,
MAUL HIM TO IS THE MARK
«pots on it boiling water
He
Charles was a bashful lover
touch his lady’s
potash and phosphoric acid, the quite difieieut.
ly m*eds i).U pvuLuls of puUiah, anti lo5 hand t-ouud* of phu.spiioiic acul. An app,i- was cation of twenty toils ui laaniyaid mo- was nure toupipucs tiUJ pounds of the
ana mud) p.and# of the other, leuv- in vain
might kiss th» hem of hm garment,
but to kit** hea Ups or cheek-the very to the coitisisteJioy of thick cream to audacity of the thought made him o*i étain* on wall piper, let eta
four hours, remove, and the spots will
case is l ho tola turn actual-
StaLns or marks on
soon disappear paint id furniture that cannot be re-ved by ordinary methods wilPcome
be avoided Indian contingent to South Africa in tin* autumn of last year made a very large saving to Indian finances. And now India is in the act of sending
scarcely dared tv
He loved her well, and she
worthy of his	for she |
iruxletit, intelligent, and lovable, off if treated to a little powdered
like all good woman, she yearned pumice stone, rubbed on with a cloth
ChaiL® worshipped her. He | wrung out of hot soap suds.
Apply pipe clay mixed with water
was on Who to "Jerome Î" Whence came he/
ants
the time of Louis Quitorze
None can ever
hut
uuu
Why should his name appear
Iilue-l*'«'k as re-
guvw.
the h»t day *»f
soenc 10.000 men to China. In this way India has been, and will be for several months to come, relieved of the cost of a large body of troops, in addition to this the immense! movements of grain during the acute period of famine caused a considerable in. crease in the railway returns.
"Jerome/’ during
still tn-ks in th th X hJU*3 where h* lives
French-Acadian family, and
b.«sid3 t he
in a Government
chiving an annual amount from the country to which he never rendered front of
cent'a-worth of service f Few can , with a
of the members In winter In ha Idles cl >«*
He partakes of such fool ns
• still
sui in
iug a shvi logo of UU pounds of pvtish and ùexeuiy-fivo pounds of phosphoric acid, even \\ hen lhe twenty ions of farmyard manure are u-**d. When only ten Ions are used, or even none, farming Income* a plain, straight gamble, with chance* about equal to piaying u sharper with load-
summed1
m
IN
a
tumble ^
They sat together by the sea, look- come too
Lb'S track of the moon’d
Scarcely any
tell^¦¦¦
of the legislature know to -whit the j stove.	.
ontry refers; it has figured In 1 he is plwad before him; but ha i
"Financial Keturne" for many years; the same silent, m»nsj I It was there before the several prov- he was when first discvvere Incee of Canada were welded into the j benob f<.rty-t»o years ago. lie keep, present Dominion; it was there when by humeelf as much as I***1 e‘ 1 Nova Scotia was a .separate colony, simply paaaea his days much after In themselves these facts may net) manner of the beasts of the • pr<ee.nt anything that is particularly For more than four decades hi • J
remarkable; but when taken in con- history has been as imS*"e r,‘ ' .
strange was that of th» Man with 13
Mask ; ami it is scarcely within the
range of probability that the veil will
‘Jerome" is in-
Ing out upon
light, which white-winged yachts
now and thou—
"It was a witching hour, a scene For love and calm delight." Suddenly she moved sligh; ly away
CARE OF LAMPS
wtM6 crossing
The cause of explosion has usually been attribute»! to allowing the oil U, g<* low in the lamp, the vacuum
filling with gas
• «— “r %%
. off the charred portion of the wiok
when the lamp is filled.
. Observation will show that in a
.	.	.	tn	nllh volir arm few days’ use the wick becomes like
four-year rotation system, fertiliz-	you	wore just going	to	pur y	charcoal in composition considerably
iug only the wheat, at least U.50U around my waist, an w»n, go	I below the top of the tube, and after
pound» of «	fertilizer containing	try	a ad kins me!"	^	the lamp has burned a short time the
eight per cent	potash, and three per	'Dear Arabella	heated tube fires all of the charred
zzrzz zrr z	si z
apt to contain three per cent potaeh blame. It i* ju*	‘	A be prevented by cutting off a suffi- Some forty-two years ago the peo-
an«l eight per cent phosphoric acid, but do to hw ewectheait, in- *	.. „ d^nt portion of the charred wick each living around Digby Neck-th«
ET=£2E	=2
fertilizer should be used, not of pv*sed he would io,	. oil lampe as safe as the other is to movements were unusual; she seemed/ Kansse City and Philadelphia will en-
wheat alone, bui distributed grinned, and m hi irh vw ’	keep them full, fill them by daylight to be hovering aimlessly around the jeavor to gather up any loose change
mere the wavelet* laughed.	I ^ htve the wicks well trimmed. It Mme	and when darkness fell that the Paris expoHitiou may fail to get
UK AD TDK INVISIBLE. L claimed also that a tablespoonful sh< wa« still l bar*. Her peculiar thto	her latoTtroobie. to
¦rz ~	! EHrEÏH EEEiE5E2Ei
...........—
One class of bacteria producing iM,luUl- 111 ’	, f invisible lumps from smoking take a qu'in- a small keg of water and a bag elhcient than usual, or are the Piimarj
human disease pass directly from sick tsVv!>' ru>xs 1	"	detective great danger In the use of coal oil ship-biscuits, and by the side of them elections worse than usua uls
rr ¦
should be filled with cot- Wu* the work of a skilful hand was City air they want free of charge. Kan
|	HHl	| bus City Journal.
v
TH.SFISH CAUGHT ITSELF
cd dice
--	Ih-ti crops actually make use of this
-™r ;; ! zrzrrz*, _ w.
According to Richard Rice, and his	ut leaet Uiilf M much again of
word is usually taken in New Brunswick. members of the New Brunswick Yacht Club were seated on the veranda of the clubhouse recently when heard in the river below, some large fish thrashing about at a great , rate. Suddenly the fish jumped clear of the water and a second later Rice’s yacht began to careen.
Charles Taylor, steward of the boathouse
found the fish had jutnped into the cockpit of the boat and jammed there, lie killed it with an oar sturgeon four feet long, fifty pounds.
Suriiron
Another cause as-
T lease
both most be applied. It ls impossible | she said to realize on every puuud of plant j „
"What ?" he askwl in genuine
sur
Jmum 8’
junction with desertion on the shores of the Land of Evangeline, and the impenetrable
I
food given to t he soil.
To theoretically keep up the soil, iu
prise.
* 0h, you

needn’t tell me different
they
bo torn aside
f
a
h is ever since sur-
now
deed a mystery, ami In all likelihood will go down to hut grave without any one being able to even haz^ ard a conjecture as to hU identity.
mystery that rounded his identity, as well as his ext raorxliitary demeanour, the matter may well take rank with1 any of the obscure oases that history re-


cxwxhs
rowed but to the yacht and
t
TOWN TOPICS.
It was a weighing

course on over
PA-SIN i BEANS.
the rotation. This is not a
and needs
This is an exciting game,
at least two older people to auperin-	and th. farmer anxious to know
The children are all arranged
small table or
bold statement. The facts are given
be-
CAN
tend it
why he is going behind every year, figure out tbd poiuts for him-
in two lines, with a chair at the head of the line upon
bowl of common
cun
self
une
which is placed a
There should be the number of beaus in each bowl,
white beans
•a mo
about 12 or 14 in all.
ZZL2...... »-	—
beans one by one until all are passed,
the order being reversed when the end
of the line is reached, and the beans
the child at the
r
i
stance*, contaminate her milk with th i tubercle bacillus; but this field on» unless tho disease has attacked
iy
methods children
One of the most common
¦Hew
=«“SS3s àSSÏ-"
the application of heat.
mm mm
spoonful of soda, five cups of pistiy .
Put the first five Ingredient* | turn hi* nationality
i warm them un- a scrap of paper of any kind upo
demon*trated by the careful manner	_
in which the raw stumps were# hand- j	R\T OF THE PHILIPPINES.
KSSI £(£S£S£
•....¦•Is~“.isr=='=
The creatures
<n curs
the udder, oi unless u has reached it»
Theoe bacilli may give
ton
started back again end dropping them into the bowl.
There are sure to be several beans .f ^ mU|£ ^	lt may occasional-
dropped in the excitement, an ^ en ^ n tliat scarlet fever and all are returned those in each bowl ^ btheria arkte /rum milk contamin-counted, the one having t e gie.i -	the germs of these disease.
«.VSi.r5 ¦...»•>»'•'.<¦—-» '!•
beans at the end the one who can get germs find their way into the m«U them in first wins the game. It will from	outside source. Typhoid
SV;','.f°h.^ 0tVh=entOérUinPeOtPh* «ever is « m<«t common example of children to nc?r C^ch ot the itnes this class,__The^ germ grows
io keep order, as this is a most exciU groat readiness in milk, and if a few
~	-	1 of them get into a milk supply, they
drinking manT* may multiply so rapidly as to distri-
w hole corn-
iest stages
to the disease in a huïnan being
aged
turn*
h iir and blue eyes
clothing and delicate
inferred that he had been well
...r “
prated into Australia, where they have increased so rapidly that they have become a pest. A boum y is offered for their scalp»., ami recently 10:1,000 of the beast» were destroys» a cost of thirty ovnts each
are
was
water
ere
r#
FAVORED RECIPES
subjected silent; and hi* could be called, consisted only of guttural sounds that non# could undermade by
with
im-
Temperate.
“W*s the deceased a
####
Philadelphia North American.
stand, though efforts were many sea fating men who had a smattering of foreign tongues to ascer-
Themfi was not
bute the dincase over a munity and produce an epidemic. The milk may be contaminated by handling the milk or milk cams by those who have come in contact with the dis-
pounds even a
highly skilled chemist may time in experimenting
the right method I flour
1 a lo«ig
before he hits upon of making the writing visible.
spei
n
in a granite bowl a

s more com-
Impute water is
I


j


	




*mj ;

###PAGE###7###
pr„
f
Ing fhe
l by a m itor b birrh ro*i on his outatr»tcbt*d
MATRON AND MAID.
ENGLISH SCHOOL BJYS
TAKING THE REINS.
ï’d convince you. There, there, let the whole thing drop.”
“And you positively refimv to give me 1 Floivn Nightingale has completed a trial?"	| her eightieth year. Hhe la an invalid and ter in Inn work al huila» in 30% seconda.
"Confound you, there you go again! , confined to her room.	I H,.„rgc W. Norton’s pacing mure Sally
Do you take me for nn Idiot?”	Mrs. Franklin McVeagh of Chicago Hook ia entered in F-Î0.OOU worth of
I—I wouldn't go na fur am that, sir. bua ib* rarest Venetian glass service ever early doming You don't seem to understand that I brought to the United States.	I Pmhorn, 2:2\,
was	believe you would give	MMbh mggasjssjggmd
opportunity to show my worth. I am greatly disappointed, air."
"Heavens, man, are we going over all that again?”
"Try me for a month, air.”
"Not for a minute!”
“For a week.”
"Leave the room, sir! Oo, slrl Ho to the Idiot nay I urn and marry somebody in your own mental class. What an im & mmnl scoundrel you mus* he!”
HL I	$
À Aiiaaü T) 1 HTM f l AT) 7 “Of course you're such an imbecile you
A Queer BiiiMcr. ? r b,
greatly surprised at your unreasonable
treatment.”
"Your father! Who cares for your father? Why doesn't he keep his weak-minded children at home?"
"Hood day, sir.”
The door closed with a sharp bang, end there was a brief silence.
"I wonder what the deuce he meant by
A PARABLE
One had marble ready to hli hand Ami cunning taatrummts to rut ami shape And made a term of beauty and command,
And one tolled tireless, long day by day,
With mod Am* for hi# tools but naked hands And nothing for his work but common clay,
And sll men bowed before the msrbls form And hailed him master who had done this thing. And et the cley they mocked with Jest and scorn,
And one walked proudly, crowned with men's societal.
And one ant sullen, muttering In hie heard: •‘Behold 1	1 did my beet! Whose, then, the
blame ?"
^Theodoill Pickering Garrison In National Mega-aine.
Blondie, 2:13Vj, recently not fi d i rpiar
whi 1) Ufs covens with bis hi iok gown, marches up to th* head muster, holds out hi.s op u h mis, pa Ira downward, a al U a I inh A across the knuok/efl.
1 ho hum 3, G 1 is chirgcd to pur-c.nts for th* lurch, which i* never used
Vt St. Haul’s a burly port»! hoists th'* hr;y upon, his back while th • head master does execution, no one else being permitted to administer a flogging.
At school everyone Is j boy, as it the university every o-ne is a m n, and nothing is a greater proof of his still t>-.irig a boy than lb'' fact I lo.t he U liable to he. flogged up to I h I ime of hi- leaving school, which is usually w ban h') is about 20 yea fa of age.
They Unir No *« n%r of l’«r»onul I'Jury When Thr.olml by Itieir U.tUeri, and Oflm Hvqufsi n WbfpiilUK.
Public opinion has at various times M. Mpressed Itself against the corporal
pu rues

owned by W
? woman U «live In Viitma who eang Ricws, Inna, U., ha» gone to pa log sud punishment of I» pa ia degrading and in the churn, at the tiret performance of is very r,i„i at the gait.	brutalizing, but l lift us., of t h» birch
• -,....... ......... -.....-........
years old.	; last eighth In 14% second».	, lm '«nportaat f id or in tho imparling
Mr». Maud Wiley Towue, wife of the Athanlo, 2:10, the Austrian horse, is knowledge in all tho great public Populist candidate for the vice presi* considered better than ever and the best fcli%U of Knglmd. dcncy, Is a gradualu of an ou stern wo- horse now in training in Europe.	The eystem of flogging, like fag..................................Z^ th,^ ......
Miss Ruth Cordis Ixuig. a niece of Sec- Expressive d), 2:12%, in a few races in <,f,g,ee f h in m former years, ret ary Long of the navy department, has California this fall.	Jn the time of Queen Elizabeth and
decided to become a gospel singer, eniu-*_l*arlyle Came, 2:11%, the gray trotter during bor residence at Windsor Cas-
luting Ira L>. San key, whose vocation from Oregon, has won the title of "king (|6| Hcve.ril 1 »ys ran away from the
.... &6r23',AJîîJSUX6 •*? - — ¦» <*•*»	•*
blind at the Utah State School For the	TJu.	Xirghipt 2:11%. is doing well for	WM	discussed	at	the	royal
Deaf and Blind, expects to deliver an	% y	Hawes at j'dmstown, Pa. He re-	table	in the	presence	of	the	great
address at the National Educational as-	».tc;,pcil the half mile track in Qmwn by Lord Burleigh, Sir Richard
«•
« d.u.ht,, .f MW T,l„. Boonttella. ,1.	...... I. r. *"1,~ 'b'*“	“
baa sent to the city council of Lynchburg,	gH1(Je(j ag undoubtedly the best of the	dhsoipime,	'I	be	Schoolmaster, was
Va., a largo and beautiful Mag of the	u,*wcr Importations. Who la improving	the result	of	the discussion.
United 8t*t*». It was made by her own	readily, and her record now stands at 1:25	sir	Richard	Siokvillo	at	the	same
b,nd* ,Dd " 0t dehCM,e mlk *X<1U	7	I”	kilometer -about a 2:10 rate	time	declareil	tb,t „an	(>ver ,eaIoUa
I Hile» Noyes, 2:0.)%, the pacer that lust ,	.	.
Ml.a May Thorne, M. D„ lecturer on yH(ir sllow,(l ,uch lmei,,ectedly good master had driven all love of learning the theory and practice of vaccination at form fur (j1?0rge West, Chicago's ca- from him by fear of beating.” the London School of Medicine If or Wo- pttb|e trainer, is going so well that a This tte-vere discipline is not dis-
ESJSS "*** "" “*	K...IW...........
and is empowered to give certificates of, To(j HloanPf the American jockey, sus- uI*m a spinal dem-anor as a very im-proficiency to qualified pupils.	taiued a painful Injury in the paddock in Partant part of their son's educa-
Mrs. Julia Ward Howe, poet, philun-	tfl0 ra(.e at pa,;a the other day. The	tion.
throplst and philosopher, whose eighty-	ligament» of hi» side were bo badly
first birthday occurred on May 27, was	wrenched that his body had to he tightly
honored by the New England Women’s bandaged club, of which «he has been president ru(jw the for more than 20 years, which tendered "Good," said the old man.	her a banquet and reception at the Hotel
“By the way," maid Spencer, “what do Vendôme, in Boston.
you want me to may to Van Annarn &	Mrs. Neve	of	Rouge	Hills,	Guernsey,
lie will soon	cool clown.	Pat her s gruff	Co.? They make an offer for your stock	,s 105 JparB	*hc	was	brought	up	at
¦miner I» largely assumed. If you have of cochineal, you know."	Bristol at a school kept by the sister
tact, you will discover the way to handle "Accept it and tell them we’ll ship the of Bjr0|Va Amos Cottle and, unlike most Mnv Mi him truthfully9 it j«>u hiivt* ii stuff tomorrow#	ccntcuflriftiis wih fieuiisiutpd with mmiy
chance, how wc met at Aunt Stanhope’s	“1 wouldn’t do that," said the serre-	CPiehrtltP<j people including	Hannah'	Terminals, free transit and trade are
mod that as	soon as we were quite assur-	tnry.	More Sir Humphrey Davy and General	what lbe nations are seeking In China-
ed that we	were all In all to each other,	"Eli!" cried the astonished	old man.	Dumouriez. When Do years	old, she	not territory. They can exploit the coun
which, you	must add, came to both of	"You don't seem to know	that there	is	ma(|e a journey to Cracow	to visit	try without owning it.—Philadelphia Kec-
«M an a complete surprise.	1 sent you di-	» corner forming in dyestuff»," said	Kosciusko’s tomb.
tvetly to him.	I will prepare him as far	Spencer, with a slight smile. "Walt a	__________!_ It looks now as if the Boxers would be
mm I think judicious for your coming,	minute, and 1 will telephone for the latest	nor	ri|77FQ	the Instruments of precipitating that cri-
Krep up a stout heart and girard your	quotations."	btt	DjAAto.	ejtf ja the affair» of the empire of China
temper."»	i He arose as he spoke and stepped into	which for years past nil the outside world
Spencer turned the knob and went lu. the outer office mud entered the telephone The fumes of burning sulphur will de- c|oarjy 8eeu to he imminent.—Boston There were several clerks writing in the box.	Btroy all moth worms in combs not oc- Advertiser.
enter office, but they did not look up as "It is Just na I supposed," he «aid as he cupied by the bees.	jf Kussia has not prepared the oppor-
fce paused along the narrow	space before	rejoined the old man. "Cochineal jump- ! The surroundings of the hive should	tunjty for the establishment of a protect-
fhe high railing to the door marked ‘Tri-	ed 34 per cent	at the opening of the mar-	always be kept clean and no weeds or	orate 0V(,r northern China, events have
?ete." He knocked nt thin door, and a ket this morning."	filth allowed to accumulate.	I certu/n|y mb aped themselves to favor her
gruff voice bade him come lu. Spencer	The old man turned and went	back to ;	So far	as can	be done a e'ean,	open	gads with truly marvelous fortuitousness,
summed up all hi» resolution and entered,	his desk without a word. A	moment	place	should be	selected for	the	bees, !	—Philadelphia Record.
A sharp featured old man with heavy	later he looked in again.	where it can readily be	kept in order. !	with the	armies	of	the	world	rumbling
eyebrows was seated at a desk, with his j That mean* $2,735 to	the	good,"	hr	it }B considered quite	an advantage	al-	qhout	her,	there	Hits	on	the	imperial
tushy gray head beut above	a handful of	said. “Guess	you'll earn your salary all	ways to furnish « new swarm with a	throne at Peking Tal-An, the royal ti-
papere.	right.” Then	he slowly added, ‘And I	frame of young brood taken from another	gross of China, the modern Agrippina
"Sit down," he said, without looking ! guess I’m gelling old."	colony.	! whose soul is steeped in th®	V In-
Ihe sound of an opening door dr*-\v bis When bees are allowed to swartn at numerable murders
Spencer obeyed, and after a little the attention. A radiant	appeared in wjjjt we nmj D()t i,„,u for mu. li surplus
eld man raised hi» head, glanced at tho	the doorway. It was Emily.	honey, because excessive «warming will
dock, and then gave the young man a	"Well, papa T she cried	as she	stepped	tjje ruje
long searching glance. As ho did so be forward.
grew a letter toward him and glanced at The old man’s lips tightened. "I scut a page of it. Again he stared at Spen- him packing," he said rapidly. "A moM
reprehensible young fellow. You didn’t fectj lumb
,£L“S£ou'wX'ytB	k“p;'£ih7,odu!d l,,di*n.üf'y rn.!y	t	they
-H«ly at 10. This ergues well for your ÎMumstdtig apparition appeared in th. ^ d f roonii additional space early training. You bare made ¦ good do u-way of the inner room. It was Sprn	, , d(]ed
tnpremion on me to start with."	eer-it wee Spencer, bareheaded with a ,q b#DdU swarms care mlIst be tuk-	The Prince of Wales is among the best
garrzt E:£E:HEHE i-xm® sækasswjsrjs
"Tonr father uya btft that yon mm*	at her over the old man'# shoulder, and	that none	will be lost. St.	.ouïs	p	. J-
file him. He writes that the resemblance	drew back
ft» so strung	that	1	couldn't help	but	know	* Uh, father." was all Emily	could say.
who you	were	If	1	chanced to	meet	you	"Dou t feel bad, my child,	said the
anywhere. I don't agree with him, °M *nau, with u little tenderness in his though there is a family resemblance, tone. ‘‘\oull soon forget him." He You are much better looking than he lowered his voice. "I've got a young fel ever dreamed of being."	low '"side there"-he jerked his thumb
"Did my father say that?" inquired	toward the inner door—"who is just the	mile» across, with au urea	of 4i	square
..........S3 Ï.C «wVr.™ tt:	mZ	MM pi...	I. «.	I p «ir. WM^ I B .™
delusion	But	Waved me $2,735 this very	morning!	'§	Jamestown, which has a population of mma	is	by	no	means	fne from	gii	is I was a mat ten ot sornt pi. le mu '*u
Hadn’t been at wo,k 20 minute,. Wilt	.boat 2,500.	feelings.	Formerly	she	w.. toe	strictly
a little, and I’ll Introduce him"	Diana’s peak, the highest point In the controlled to be able to Indulge her naV
"Let me have a look at him!" cried l.l.nd, n.ar tba center, i. 2.7U0 feet b keen deHghMn hea'ring from themselves from roll call, without
a ove t l «ta.	bpr ladies in waiting nil sorts of petty de- permLatiion, in order to attend one of
tails of the lives and affairs of her court- lheir boat 8Ul>pera, he flogged the,	f _
¦•?r S23V m. ... n„..„	,„r.„ .w.,. i «jjr -si as
In whose favor, it is .aid, King Oscar <*isly and effectively between uud- pole,
may abdicate, is the heir apparent to the	night and 1 p.in.	Rev. A. M.	Hnrvout has been chosen
throne and represents a political party	King la ko, who was	one of	Keates'	president of	the new theological »*?uii-
srsassrïrsfjs
tuguese	on	bt.	Helena s day,	21st of May,	e8ty*g recent expression of sympathy for	scholar, an eloquent	poet, a	cap *	|g tbe a„thor	of over 40 volumes of ser-
1502.	The	Dutch	held	it	until	B>0U,	Brjtnjn has aroused popular feeling in	banohor, aad he humorously adds, "one	mons novels	and essays, and now that
when they were expelled by the Lug-
on! tim
a

By W. R. Rose.
PLUMAGE ON WOMEN’S HAT4
The many kind hearted persons in this country who are shocked a t t lie thought that sung birds should he sacrificed in order that the r plumage adorn women’s hats will he g!act
The morning sun brightened the gilt letters on the sign above the entrance to the stanch old warehouse, but Itn redi-
loHt on the young man with
an ce was
keen, gray eye» who stood at the office *nying he'd tell hi» father?" Spencer
door and hesitated before he turned the heard the old man mutter. "Who's his
knob. In that brief moment he tried to father? Well, whoever he is, hi* son
rerun the dirertlou» that Eml'y Quark, "bull never merry my daughter. What it.
the world could she have seen in such an
may
to learn that by uo means as many song birds have been sacrificed for this purpose as his hitherto been supposed* and that much of the plumage supposed to be theirs has really been filched from pheasants, ducks,
colored
"Father I, peculiar " -hr had Mid. "“/^"nty^icp'sounded oo the.floor. °u niust know him hefoie you <an up OHU wnpenrer looked up toe old man predate him." And Spencer Grant won- waH guzing down at hits from the door dered how long it would be before this way. Ilia face was very red and hU appreciative Binge could be reached. He white hair «till bristled with Indignation hadn’t met this peculiar father, and here “\\>n, Mr. Secretary," lie said, “how h® warn standing on the doormat Of bis erP we coining on?" office m isterlng up courage to go in and i aak hîlti for hie daughter.
What else had Emily «aid l "Do not momenta." contradict father. Do just what he tolls you to do. Let him have his own way.
If he blusters and fumes, wait quietly.
geti->d
and barn yard roosters.
This fact was revealed the other day
mariner. Certain lovers of
in a curious birds met in Vienna, and decided thit prompt steps should be taken to pie-vent women from wearing the pluin-- ;e f song birds that such women should he boycotted or should ot her wise be regard* d
After a fimouc rebellion at Eton «orne years ago, England's greatest acbool, by reason, of I be number of illustrious men she had sent forth.
•Til
"Very well, sir," replied Spencer I lay those replies upon your desk in t few
He was game, however, and
race.
It was suggested
when t hi Boys hud wreaked their vengeance oji Uie whipping block, and fled from the school In a body, iheir purembs, membra of gomo of thr greatest families, insisted an some of e,| u[ this meeting, and at once up-the leaders returning to receive the pointed a committee with instructions inevitable fl -gging before the inevit- to ascertain to what extent the skins able expulsion.
THE CHINA CRISIS.
Japan's landing of marines in China la a significant admission of her claim» as an important power.—St. Louis Globe-Democrat.
with public disapproval.
The de tiers in birds' plumage learn-
ui feat he is >i Mmgbirda war# used in English boys will stand flogging, their trade, In due time the roman I have no not ion of injured personal niittee reported that no plumage of honor on th it score, no nutter what ' fl()ng birds had been used for some modern theorists mty hold, and many years, fitting substitutes for it being of the*in would prefer a thrashing to obtained from the skins and featheu
ord
the laborious task so frequently iin- uf pheismta, du<ks/ gt*e.->e, cock^ and
pot**! on. them.	other domestic fowl, which were deft-
Eton sont forth more of th» swbse- ly colored until they resembled the
j	f i ny de sired bird.
Herr Franz Fetter, an expert, informed the committee that during t h» last few years seven hundred and fifty thousand artificial birds had been manufactured in X ienua, all of which fashioned from the feathers of
The dealers in birds'
'
quently "illustrious’' under the twenty-four years of the iron rule of Dr. Keate, known as the "flogging mas-tar," than she did at any other period of her existence.
w ere
domest fow 1 plumage hive now made these facts known and hive furthermore expressed their willingness to ind ! law which may be brought forward fur th* purpose uf preserving the song birds.
This head master of Eaton could not
be described as a Hug by boy once
designated the greatest of modern sc ho© I masters
ep
?* any
The missionary follow» uis enured mis-the merchant follows the missionary, the Boxers follow both, the warships Swarms may be hived in empty frames land the soldiers to follow the Boxers, with success, but when thus hived care and the great powers will probably fob did. Of course, 1 can't peach; but if
must be token to have the hive set per-, low their soldiers till they get more lJr Arnold know it I shouldn't have
“spheres of Influence." — Now lurk
1 he lad once wrote I shall be homo next
sion
to hU father work. 1 did not do it. 1 know who
I
ANIMAL uDDITIES.
r
He's a beast, but he’s a just The letter was sent to Dr.
to go. beaut.'
Arnold, and there was no expulsion, which is the m,wt terrible event in
Among the animals of Australia Is a species uf hug out much larger than a
THE ROYAL BOX.
rat
Bumblebees, butterflies and beetles are
In some of the
habitual drunkards southern states these insects alight on certain plants, drink heartily from the blossoms and fall to the ground stupefied.
Rats have exterminated a colony of 48 prairie dogs in Lincoln park, Chicago. At least their disappearance is thus explained by the keepers, who found 46 cleanly picked skeletons, mute evidence of the tragedy.
tho life of a public school boy, as all the universities, the army, the navy, the church are all closed to a guilty pupil who has been expelled from school.
Nicholas II is a voracious reader. He and the czarina get a great deal of pleasure from discussing new works together.
Unlike Alexander III, the present czar ii St. Helena Is distant 1,440 miles from most catholic in his tastes, and is ac-?frlca and 1,800 from America.	quainted with the literary stars of all anxj was not over pirticular about
The island is ten miles long and eight climes. Jules \ erne, Scott, Kipling and ^entity, consequently a boy suffered
Stevenson are his favorites among for
lie.
1 hua the follies of a boy are more heavily visited thin the sins of
Dr. Keate gave no quarter
6T. HELENA.
a man.
The sea horse alone, with one other existing fish, the gar pike of our western rivers, possesses the power which was common to many of the older fishes, that of turning it» head independently of its body. The sou horse van also turn its eyes in almost any direction.
occasionally unjustly. The expodi-
Bpencer hastily, lie knew the thing was quite impossible laboring under some quvei &# didn't mean to contradict him.
“Yes, he did," chuckled the old man, with a grim smile. “Fathers with but
one child are very apt to be asses.” Then Emily, and she darted to the door.
his tone changed. “What can you do? 'Good morning, she said to Spencer. The coast of the island forms a per-Can you write shorthand ? Do you un- “Good morning, answered that smiling pendlcular wall, or cliff, averaging from lerstand typewriting? Van you compose youth, with an eloquent grimace.	UOO feet to 2,000 feet, all around.
# good letter? Con you spell?"	j Kmijy turned to her astonished paient. Qn % 1&90, at the end of the Zulu
“1 think," said Spencer quietly, “that 1 ‘J*e B she said. "< ome out here, war i>inlzulu and UndabuUo, two Zulu can best answer that by saying that 1	An(* came forward hand in chieftains, were transported to St. lie-
have a pretty thorough business training
thut was picked up in four years of prae* j Bless my soul, cried the paralyzed
tlval work. I’ve been hard at it, in fact, fat'H‘r'	,	, ,	M _ ,
ever since I left college."	Vou sre right, papa," said Eml-
“Your father doesn't make any such Ij- He is just the man for me. In fact, flaiui," said the old man, referring again % ve thought so for some time, and yet to the letter. “All he says is Try him.' j 1 do» t believe you really know who he 1 will. I've made a place for you. I am !	«re getting reckless, daddy. Tell
going to indulge In the luxury of a pri- him who you are, . poncer, vat, eevretary. Hu, ba, be! Here, take The youni man gravely straightened these letters. See what answers they i his fa,,,‘-
seed. Answer 'em. That’s your little * am Spencer Grant of Spencer Grant side room there. Leave the dour open— I & *	* importers of dyestuffs and drug-
1 may want to call you."	gw* supplies, and entirely at Mr. Richard
Spencer smilingly took the letters and Q»ar*ps service, without a trace of hesitation went Into Spencer Grant & Co., gasped the old the little room assigned him. He found	man "s ” look of horror came over his	the Boston public	schools for 2,.>00 addi-
the conveniences he needed, and with his	f*1'1*; * I li,in who was the other fellow?	tional pupils.
âuiuëed smile deepening be weut lit bin I ^ ®	snid » pon^ei gently, lhat President Eliot of Huvvard is to make
tesk.	It was the highly recommended ion of BDOther tour of the west this summer.
Presently he heard the outer door of	7°l,r °I<I friend.	He will again be	the guest	at dinner of
the office open and shut, and a moment I "Awful, groaned the old man. I was	[be various Harvard alumni	clubs !¦ dit*
later the following dialogue came to him	right when I said fathers with one child	ferent cities
through the half closed door:	| aia HSFOfl- How can I explain /	^ i Frederick Washington Atkinson, prin-
“So you have come?" growled the old man.
On one memorabln oc-
tho sch /Urm casion, whan eighty of them absented
THE DOMINIE.
Iona.
St. Helena was discovered by the Por-
!	Sweden, where the musses are all fur the whoin yOU could hold	lightly—for ho	be is past 70 years of age	he is writing
1	Boers. ______________________ had th> pluck of u	bntt liions and	a book fitted especially for	mini term
Dr. Mandell Creighton, the bishop of London, rarely has time to prepare hi» speeches carefully, and many of them If the success of a school are thought out while in his carriage. He
reads and answers on an average OU letters a day. He is not a teetotaler, he smokes, he likes a good play and he ipeuds his holidays in little Italian vil-numbered a mm g his	pupils sixteen	luges, where he throws	work to the
Dukes, fifteen Marquises, m«>se than	winds and prowls about the hills doing
motions.
luh
Ladder hill, on which the government house is situated, Is so called because of the almost precipitous, ladderlike wooden stairs by which its acclivity of ÜU0 feet has to be scaled.
had flogged half the ministers, sécréta ries,
bishops and generals of the
THE DRESS MODEL.
count ry.#
m i y be pie lged by the number <>f aris-
Very small handkerchiefs daintily embroidered and trimmed with lace are the fashion.
Cashmeres in pretty light colors ore embroidered in small rings of white silk, which give them a new style.
Low necked nightgowns made with » much trimmed loose bodice and a trim Died skirt attached are the modes for summer wear.
A new silk which is like quicksilver appearance has appeared. It is plain, not figured, and is used for waists instead of taffeta.
One button kid gloves are worn with the new sleeve, which has the dainty undersleeve banded ho closely at the wrist | tha school that a longer glove is clumsy.
Scarfs of uiaitese and brussels lace are much worn with the soft, finely
They are carried twice around the neck and tied sailor
fashion, bow on the bust.
Gold and silver ribbons, which are silk j miSte.r with a rod, c »mpo- »d of four
made of apple twigs, and
tocratic scholars, it may be of interest ! to note that “this dispenser of woe '
THE PEDAGOGUE.
t
Provision must be made annually In
fifty Earls, two Prime Ministers, with Viscounts and Barons and Baronets
RAILWAY RUMBLES.
by the dozen.
Every school his its pirticular
At Winchester,
In 24 hours close upon 700 trains pr.sa In and out of the New street railway sta-
m.xle of flogging the mother of public schools, lh* vvea- Bon, Birmingham, England.
Electric trains will lie running under* gnmnd in London before New York lias tering, dates from the foundation of milvh more than made a beginning ou her
Fhe culprit kneels down,] proposed rapid transit tunnel, unbuttons his braces at tha bick, and
are asses. How can I explain?	....................
“Suppose you If live the oxplinution to e!piil"uf the liigh »‘hool at" Sprlngtieid, your new secretary ?" said Emily.
"Let me suggest," said Spencer, with a _	......... ...... _ ....... ^	.....
happy smile, that you leave it to the |Q mkiug up his new duties as the first
nf th. n»u, Urm A#	American superintendent of public In-
struction in the Philippines,.
At Harvard university there Is promise of an increased attendance in the regular departments of the summer school. The number will probably be near 1*00, besides the Cuban teachers, or a total of about 2,3lX students. The session will begiu ou July 5 and close on Aug. 15. .
jx>n us*d and the fashion of ad minis-
Mass., is studying the methods of the industrial schools of the south preparatory
“Yes, sir," maid a mild voice with a lit
tie quire! in it.	. .	,	,	. .	-	,
“UVII,” mid the old roan with a dan junior member of the new Arm of Quarle,
gorous rising Infliction, “I want to tell *	,	, , .
you that It can never lie!"	An< 'hen the f™ ,old ““ fbvck'ed.-
“Du you mean that 1 won't do?" In-1 Cleveland Plain Dealer.
quired the mild voice.
“That’s just what I mean," snarled the old man. “Your comprehension does you credit."
“Rut Low can you tell till you've tried bp?" protested the mild voice.
“Tried you!" roared the old man.
“What do you mean by that?"
“I mean rir." said the mild voire bur- I process of forcing, rledly, “that I hardly think it's fair to Poppies should be planted where they condemn me unheard and untried. Î aie to grow and then thinned out so each was led to think you would show me | will have six or eight inches of room.
In a sunny, rich soil, with all the water “Oh. you were, were you?" snapped 1 they want, popples of all varieties are the old roan. "Well, sir you have been l0 beautiful and gay that they well re-faJsely led. I know my daughter much pay culture. They are oriental beauties, better than you do, sir!”	Very few annuals will make such a fine
“Your daughter, sir?"	,	display of bloom during the summer and
“Yes, my daughter! And don’t you fa|| an(j furuish so many flowers for outdare to mention her name."	ting as the verbena. It is without doubt
“I—I had no intention of doing so. our g^est bedding plant. It has not the
1 slightest objection to Woomlng right along up to hard frosts and freezing
weather.
r
President Diaz has appointed Augustin two bnv. who “tiike him up," or rath- M. Chaver. and Batauialao Velasco, eugi-
: ïïï
II of his back is bared

very
tucked silk stocks
I
The head
THE FLOWER BED.
sm a
EXCLUSION.
and tinsel woven together, are a new fancy find a very pretty one for belts and collar bands. They are ns soft und diable as if they were of all silk.
The elegance of the white lawn petticoat has ni, limit this season med with very handsome embroidery au<l lace, is made to fit the hips in the approved fashion and costs anywhere from $2.1 to $05.

There are 708 distinct species of roses known.
switches
tiwl u> th* end of i grooved hi mile, givtvs him. four cut*, and if th^ operator tikes a good shot h" stings hard.
The Chinese embassador does not like the spirit in which Commissioner Pow* derly approaches the administration of the provisions of the act. What Wu Ting Fang really wants is an exclusion act that does not exclude.—Ran Francisco Examiner.
Lilacs, either the common purple or the Persian, become white during the
Rank of England Notre.
It is not every one who is aware that a Bonk of England note Is mot of the same thickness all through. The paper is thicker in the left hand comer, to enable It to retain a keener Impression of the vignette there, and it la also considerably thicker in the dark shadows of the center letters and beneath the figures at the ends. Counterfeit notes are invariably of one thickness only throughout— London Telegraph.
i
It is trim
There is to this day the following inscription at \\ incheater :
Out disce, out discede un net sors
<
Bore consideration."
Our treaties with Japan must be so modified as to admit of a Japanese exclusion act similar to that by which Chinese are excluded I e modification inkstand for the second and a birch of the treaty with China so as to per' mit the Chinese exclusion act furnishes » ! precedent for action in this case.—Ran Fi uncisco Call.
forth caedi.
Above this there is a crosier and a
A plain pale blue parasol is one of the Items of a fashionable outfit this season, mltw. aa a reward for the first, an and a detachable */*rer of fine white unisUn tucked and trimmed with Valenciennes lace transform* N	r*n for	® & symbol for the third.
West mina ter is the ly srh , 1
afternoon-
whore punhhment is administered in public, and hare a formal and somewhat pi inful ceremony lakes place. The whole «chool assembles. th? head
master, i r m	nd a "ra
“I do so love to gamble." *he answered	themselves om a raised dais at
enthusiastically.—Chicago Poet.	j eIU\ the long h ill The culprit.
Han't Wisdom.
Maud—Isn’t the man you are engaged to a speculator?
Clara—No, indeed! He's a financier. Maud—How do you know?
Clara—He didn’t buy the engagement ring until after I had accepted him.-Chteago News.
sir
Right In Her Line.
"I have seen It stated that any girl who marries a man under 25 years of age is taking big chances,” he casually remark-
"Eh? Coming to your senses, are you? That's right. She’s only a foolish, headstrong girl. In a month she’ll forget gour existence.”
"But T don't see what your daughter has to do with It She is nothing to me.
Village Minister (to crofter’s wife)— Well. Kirstie, how’s your husband today?
Kiretle— He’s just like yersel'. Ue has plenty to dae, but he wiuna dae It.-London Answers.
Deefcehnmd'a Pedigree.
”Haa your dachshund a pedigree?” “Pedigree? Look at him. It makee him sag to carry lt”--<?hlctgo Record.
ed
Sir."
“Sonlr»n like e
«ihltt vnnth T Abano*,*

I
i

\




###PAGE###8###


r
Great Sale !
U know U
WANT A FALL SUIT.
Follow the Crowd to
9
Ladies
Jackets.
STEWART’S
Boot and Shoe Store.
Why wait until the rush is on? See our new Fall Suitings. They are the latest out, and give them a finishing touch that cannot help but please.
Place your fall order now with us.
Great reduction in Prices du 1 in g |
the month of September.
All Spiing and Summer Goods must go to make
room for Fall and Winter Goods.
we
WE HAVE RECEIVED OUR FIRST LOT OF
Ladies’ Fall Jackets
Latest
Styles ^cand Fashionable
Shades .
Black, Fawn, Navy, Green, Etc.
PRICES RANGING FROM $2.50 to $8.00.
L R. WcCUIRE,

THE TAILOR.
5
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAW VILLE,---------
QUE.
months
have been spending the summer with the Rev. Williams, returned to Montreal on Monday, where they *1 1 again take up their duties as teachers.
M SB Lucy Ebert is visiting her sister, Mrs. John Hamilton, in Clarendon.
The revival meetings, which have been held in the Hornerite hall here for the last two months by Misses Saddler and
rr:IBi*6
4th._____
PONTIAC
THE WAR.
• • •
WOOLLEN
Strathcona Hors© Losses.
Sir Alfred Milner cables the Governor General under date of Cape Town, Sept

II
I

6th
MILLS.
Be and see them.
o
This well-known anil reliable establishment will be found this season fully prepared usual to meet the requirements of the farmers of the county.
and
'
E. HODCINS 6 SON.
as
Ottawa, Ont.
arm/corrobo^teiS^ATrld'l roble and j Special Attractions for our Fair
sir îsrSfîi &*"” I m. www.	:
Garmer belonged to Mowimin ; Logan tfg.nO ; Cutlilwrt^n, Graham A hlli" .. to Folkeaton, Eng. : Jones to Hereford, fiUM, have subscribed in vash t.m Eng • Cruikshauka’ number on the nom amounts set opposite their names, "t * mal roll is given as 608. He belonged to | Free for All and Trotting race, the money wi„ hv fount| choice and complete In eve ry Red Deer N W. T. and Sgt. Brother* to bo divided as follows	o	resect, and at money wing price*,
belonged io Arthur. On.,	| Free Fur ^U-lst P«re, *10 ; .m . ^ QARgFvr< INSPECTION INVITED.
Our stock of Clotli
One SU First Class Fire
Including nil the finest makes in
SERGES,
TWEEDS,
WORSTEDS,
for Round Trip
from all Stations, good going from the 14th
of Sept, to the 22nd,
inclusive.
!
&c. &c.
It’s a Decided Fact
Cables were received at the militia de* j part ment on Saturday morning from the j general of the Natal army in further ex- i planation of the information cabled on the 5:h September, reporting casualties among the members of Lord St rathcuiia a Horse in the fighting near IVtdfontein oil Tuesday. The men reported missing have since been discovered to have been killed.
The men were : 693 ( îruiksh inks, Ri Deer, N W. T. . 406 Sergt. Brothers, Arthur, Ont. ; 297 Jones. Hereford, Eng ; 284 West, Nottingham, Eng ; 312 Wigg* Rocksbury, Mass ; 335 Sergt. Logan, Folkestone, Eng.
CANADIAN MOUNTED RIFLES DO GOOD
That our new Mill is giving the public entire satisfaction.
A. HODCINS,
PROROPRIETOR
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
Minute Rice 1st prize, $10 ; 2nd. $t;.00 ; 3rd, $5.00. Rice to be omîtes:,ed in heats. Four horses to enter and three
American trotting rules to gov-.
k
to start
Quality of Wheat Up-to-date Machinery
Competent Millers
ern
Spring
Season
I
Caldwell, t
$10.00 special by t divided in prizes of $5.00, $3.‘10 ami
in saddle —
$2 0<> for a running race uiul the track.

All leading bakers of Pon-
twice ar
Are drawing the trade our way.
using our Flour. The farmers get same quality in exchange
Y. A. Parker, $5.00-to be divided in prizes of $3.00 and $‘2.00, for a hitch and unhitch race, twice around track. Horses to be hitched and unhitched once each round, and to !w fully harnessed without snaps.
TIME CARD,
In Effect JULY 2, 1900.
EASTERN DIVISION Trains daily between
tine arc
ins,
For sale at all times : FLOUR, FEED & MEALS.
Highest Market Price paid in Cash for Wheat.
WORK.
London, Sept. 7. — Lord Kobe!te report* from Belfast, under date of Wed nesday, Sept. 5, as follows :—
“ Boers with two guns and one pompom this morning attacked 12.) Canadian Mounted Infantry, guarding the railway between Pan and XVondersfontein.
“ Mahon proceeded to their assistance, but the little garrison had beaten otT the
en*"J; was a very creditable performance. Smart & Smith, $5.0<>, t<> be divided in “ The wounded were : Major Sanders ] prizes <»f $3.00 and $23 tO for a base-ball and Lieut. Moodie, slightly, a,.d two | match between Elmside and 1 eerie-s
L« xiges.
THE SHAWVILLB MILLING CO.
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of MILK PAILS,
MILK PANS, BREAD PANS, DISHES of all Kinds
ALSO A FULL LINE OF
AGATEWARE
H. Brabazon, $5.00, divided in prizes of $3.00 and $2.00, for double driving teams (owned by farmers in unty and driven by their owners.)
ti
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
MINUTES
Furniture I
LIMITED TRAINS 2 HOURS Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot : -
Brandi, Huwkeabury Bran h, Valley field, eoime.-ts at coteau Junction, tor Cornwall and points w
aO.CC A.M . Limited, arrives Montreal 11 makingvl06€rouiiCKlions w:th I. * . Ly. M Express for (j'ulfec, H alifax, and ail intmued;
I nt« east Pull 1
nlv—Stop*
cu
C. Turpain, *5.00, for best Hackney Stallion.
n.t
Furniture !
hid
1
1-8.C0 A.M. Sundays
atat Arrive* Montrai u."	1 • 1	| S x men are misai!	¦	,	...	.
Parlor Car atta- lied.	C C Motor Company—Silver ( up for
- I *	”¦ -
all point* east of Montreal. D-r Wlievti*.! am ce|8fu] raids of Therm, s ecuute at Klips j M. Stewart—A pair of 1
ÜüAAZZ AnYvt.5 V »: River have reached Pretoria, h «ppeari the tw„ leaders m a boys' race (10(1 Qfftypc »w Y«-rk 7.20 H.m. H*s through Baf't * rp-1 thnt after the derailing by the Duets of I yards.) Boys to be Imre-footed and undei	V CO #
4=32^^	.. . ..."------------------------------
Juu.'tion for Cornwall, Kingston, li routo. Chicago surrendered and were eliot do^ n after |	\\ m. Elliott, $2.0G — 1' or a i at M tie >
etc. Ha* Pullman Parlor Car to Montreal.	| t^ey had thrown up their hands. Tw0| j>HVVl #KJUy a-i- i
Trains arrive .it Ottawa Cuiaral	1 of them were killed m t his manner. The
all 30 A.M. L'wal-from Boston, New Vork. X w engine wai blown up witli dynamite, but
England and x<w Yoik i >ints. Muntn-.d Un ..1 tj1(} driver who had hidden in tiie tire* : (under 15 years) race, <n
SSE tSsgSc I	' ' - w **— "
. m • :	i m. Ha» P'iihnan | hilling eleven 1 n«
Pailor Car.
«7.35 T. M. Local—Fr^ni M- ntreal. Vail
mtvrmediate points, Cornwall, Kingston, Fort and points west. Has Pullman Parlor Car, U Montreal at 4.10, i
1 oie P. M. Sunday only; From Montreal ami in-1 «P» termedlate points, leaving Montreal at ¦ •
Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto and points w Pullman Parlor Car attached.
nlO 15 P: M. Limited—From M mtreal having a
nnectlng with I. C. Hr. Express iron lias Pullman Parlor Car.
men
1
m inspection of which is in
'
outs each
Look out for the New Things !
Our Spring Line of Furniture is out of sight !
If so drop in and inspect stock.
crew
The balance of our stock of Stoves t he cleared out at reduced figures.
Would you like to see it ?
boy s mnd track, run with boots on and properly laced ; then hoots to l>o taken uti’and carried next third ; then put on again, properly laced and the r ice
completed.
$2.00—F iv a nice :
Roofing Contracts taken
and estimates furnished.
Wm. Moore
In Parlor Suites
C. E. WAINMAN
eas
J
Id and
Frame are New Coverings are New Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
Shawville
BOB ILS BREA Kl SO UP
g| London, Sept.8.—The following de-tch \ bi been received at the war office
from Lord R >berts :—	I \ young man named Joseph Kelly in
11 Belfast, Friday, Sept. 7. — Ian Ham, endeavoring to get un a moving freight ilton succeeded in turning the Boers tra|n at Oaletta on Tuesday misled his right Hank, clearing the way for fuller’s : grjp and was thrown to the ground with PCZI	great force. His body was badly torn
" Dundonald and Brock el hurst occu-. though no bones were broken, which pied Lydenburg Thursday.	• I |atter is next to miraculous He was
“ The Boers are split up,^ and going brought to Arnprior same night and now northward and eastward. Most of the ljeg at	McHile’s home on McGon
and storei 1 o been sent to Krug-1 gt, . t where Ur. Cameron is attend
ing him.
P.S.—Top price for Hides and Pelts.

at. ila
7.60 i».m all points vast
advance
What’s the use of making a stump speech every time you try to sell a
Bristol Wharf
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
fi 15 a. M. For Amprior, ftenfiew. Eganvillc, Pern broke, Parry** Bay, Whitney. Uanoe Lake, Pari y Hound ami intermediate* points.
4 40 P. M. For Amp.lor. Renfrew, Eganville,Pem broke, Madawaska and intermediate stations.
1 OO P. M; Mixed Train for Arnvrior, Renfrew *EganviiIe, Madawaakaand intermediate stations.
Sideboard,	Bedroom Suite,
Extension Table,	Spring Mattress,
Dining-room Chair, Wool Mattress, Kitchen Table,	Parlor Table,
Kitchen Chair,	Hall Rack,
Bedstead,	or Lounge 7
Show the products of the best manufacturers,—they do their own talking.
«uns
ere post.	,	.	,
•* Mart, who is |anting s. irhweit of
Krugersdorp, report that among the dead An Australian inventor has produced a Boers left on the field it is believed that fifle *hich fires 40 shots a minute, but the body of Theron ban been found. ’ *hia speed has often been surpassed.
More than 25 years ago the Soper rifle, a single shot breech-loader, was fired GO
Um- m one minute. Jh,	j Leave Bristol Wl\arf
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 6.00 a.m., and 4.00, p.m
FERRY
CHANCE OF TIME.
The undersigned having had two years' experience in ferrying passengers between Bristol Wharf and Sand Point will continue to do so this season as follows ;
I
THOKNBY
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Dejiot :
11 10 A. M. From Madawaska, Pembroke, Egan-Ville, Renfrew. Arnprior ami intermediate points.
5 55 p, M From Parry Sound, Eganville, Renfrew. Arnprior aud intermediate points.
9 fiO P M. Mixed Trains from Madawaaka. Egan-ville, Renfrew, Arnprior and intermediate stations.
a—Trains running daily except Sunday, b—Sunday only.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
rifle then used in the American Civil War, fired only ten ahote a minute ; then ? the Spencer,” which emptied its
Sept. 10.—The people are through with their harvests around here, and we will : hear the hum of the threshing mill. The Judd Bros, began threshing on
Wednesday las^^ ^ Mf g Reid have
given up store-keeping and are leaving
our corner*__Mr. Reid intends removing
to Campbell's Bay, while Mr. Wilkins in
Tickets to Europe and all parts of the world by all ! tends starting store in Eardley.
American and Canadian steamship Unes, also Look s j	Mieses Maxwell and William!, who
hours.
came	.	_
BSS»*£.1—	Lea». Sand Paint
age maximum of modern service rifles, but there are automatic rifles, in principle similar to the Maxim, which can only fire ten shots a second, the difficulty being to supply the ammunition quickly enough for a minute's continuous firing.
soon
CUTHBEgTSON, CkARAIVI & ELLIOTT,
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m
Meeting all Trains.
CEORCE BALLANTINE,
Ferryman
Furniture Dealers aud Undertakers,
Central Depot, Well Honse Block
h




mm
_
