###PAGE###1###
Iff.
the
Vol. XVI, No. 34
SHAW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC,
f*- Q , THURSDAY,
the
FED. 10, ls«M>
;
... ».1R?8.cR,.prT,,.0.1.....
“THE EQUITY”
will
BANK OF OTTAWA I *r\youjusmg
Have you tried D .wd'a “ High Loaf ' Flour ?
Herring*. Syrup, Rolled oat*, Corn meal and Flour
Fhureday and Friday were among the coldest days of the present winter.
Sturgeon Falls is to have a branch of the I raders' I$ank in its midst.
, ms .	, Tff0 ehsntymcn are said to have been
Allied (senvroau, of Masham, was kill frozen to death recently near Whitney e<i by the falling of a tree in one of Ed- T. ,	,	,	,	.
wards* shanties last Friday.	1 hoae of our Iocal «Ports who attended
.	-	*"0 races at Arnprior last week says that
X report lacking confirmation reached there were some very exciting contests Arnprior on Monday morning that four and pretty fast work. The wither men had been killed in one of McLachlin rallier cold for pleasure.
Bros, canipH on i^ake Wahnapitue
Is issued from the office of Publication,
Shawville every Thursday.
Subscription. $1.00 per Annum.
—o—
Advertising rales made known on application.
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from all parts of thecouutry.
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices Insorted free ; but obituary IInes, or “poetry*’ I BEORGR BURN
moue J to»*ccôm plnn htmÜa^Mpt^év^y |	^«BA^BAN^TO BUti.Nm
case.
a at
feet,
prior Ron
J. H. Shaw
Head Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . 11,500,000.00 Rest .
F U RH
—A few L-idioti’ fur coats, collars and mufti at very low prices
Sen them
11,170.000.00
Misses Macgrvgor and Davies,
J. H. Shaw
of the on the
1 bo
Board of Director» : Chaklkh Maubk, Ehq., President,
There will bo a
session of Superior Court at Bryson on the 17th inst.
ents
Bargains. —Wo aro selling all kinds of
John Matusk, Khq.. W1,'ler 8oot‘® At special cut-prices Patio Mai Lakes, Hay., and see us
Groupe Uay, esq..Vice President
IIon. 0so. Hstso*. Js.
Alsx. Fkaskr, Kwj ,
Come
J. H . SHAW
Dknnih Murphy, Khq.
ï::ï; |^55 i'SaJ’KSS
morning from pneumonia.
Y,
was
,The **eiKhing which every one was -1 talking of a* being so g ,od, was spoiled,	,,
•msiderahly by the blustery weather* of R^v. Mr. Knox and Mr Whiteside arecor.
I hursday and Friday last.	[ducted a series of revival services in the
Methodist church here.
J. A. COWAN, PuMUhtr. 1^^^'!!
---------------------- Note» and Hill* collected.
in the Demin
A meeting of the Pontiac Teachers Association was held in Shaw ville Aca demy on Saturday, Feb. llih.
A letter from Inspector Gilman run read regretting that ho was unable to be aa a company ! present at our meeting.
A paper was read on “ School Attention * by Miss M Matheson.
A discussion followed in which a number of those present took part.
A paper was given by Mr. He man Armstrong on Mistakes or Don’ts taken from a book by Prof. Hughes.
Selections were also read by Mr. W. D.
At mitage, from Prof. H ughes* book. A
lengthy discussion followed in which
» Death of Thomas McTiern&n many took part.
Charles Armstrong, yard foreman of the	---- Yen Archdeacon Naylor gave a read-
vanana Atlantic Railway was run over by Mr. Thomas MoTiernan, of Nepean, a ing on Phonetic Spelling, a shunting engine at the 41 deep cut, ” gentleman well known in this county, A discussion followed.
ttawa, and killed. He was 28 years old from his long connection with the lumb r	Owing to the absence of some of the
and leaves a widow and one child.	1 business, during which time ho was a Committee the Literary meeting which
Mayors Fiiotim. n,;.* , v i	i resident of Clarendon, died at his home was to have been held in March wae post-
Ttnw> («»-	^until April-Further no,ice win
elected.' Ury<"1"’ h DMOUche* (r«. death wa, due to kidney troub'e. fr O,..:,,.,1 I-	,	.	, , which he had been a sufferer for some I sent
I SST-	tefcs ¦-1- -
The many friends of Dr. Knox will be p eased to learn that according to the late communications from him, he is feel ing much better since he went to Colorado 4 han he was dome weeks previously, notwithstanding that the weather out there has been of unusual severity.
DR. STACKHOUSE, Sr
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at carrent
• rates
I

HIRtiKO.N IIENTItT,
was
was
next
!» by
lom-
poru-« mli ter-
9 VlS
is at
to s from nt Id *r to Borneo n-iettc
We learn it is the intention to
Will hereafter be In Hull first four days of each week. Pariles eoniing from the C-muty of Ton time. 21S |a*r cent, reduction wl.l be made to ray their railway I a re.
Office—opposite the Post Office,
HULL
enterpn.se next season
A communication dealing with the Tei- I ^	'hat Low township has made
chers’association of the county reached an offer of $500, and $150 us too late for insertion this week. |t tlement of its indebtedness for will appear next issue.	I<>f taxes now longstanding, and regarding
«sa |EüF"™" —*
minster, U C., and gone to 8a n F ranci# co, Cal.
cas in aut-arrears
)
QUE.
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, fto.,
159 Main Street,.....
OF CANADA.
Hull.
At Shawvllle, second and fourth Thursday | CAPITAL
of each month.
Office—over O. F. Hudgins’ Store*Main 8t
- $6,000,000
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000
y.
f’Otl-
ser#
nine
ant
Head Office, • Montreal.
Court Shawville,
No. 876.
£lo7f5
—o
sea
PmV
ter-
ault
•Mil-
lion
mte
el & le la
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
! 9
Meets the 1th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially luvlted.
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of five dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
H:s be given
A good number of teachers were pre
fiu
LB.(
et
in le rlv-*>ur
J. A. Cowan, It 8.
II. 8. Baknktt, F.S
Hrun Bonus, C. R
Office Hours Saturdays .
10 A M. TO 3 I M.
10 A M. To 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager
A Large Mica Establishment For
Ottawa,
e.
Death of Miss Ida Reilly
Dr. J. E. TAGGART, L. D. 3., D.D.S
J
A change for the worse in the condition of Miss Ida Reilly, (whose care gave some evidence of hope as we went to press last week) took place the came
There seems no probability of any hitch I ,l,nkS a»‘d continued to grow more alarm-occurring in the grist mill enterprise this ,nK until Fud.iy morning, when death time, and the chances are when next sua- terminated a comparatively brief illness son's harvest is ready for market, there Shortly before dissolution, the suffering will be fewer loads of grain cross the liv- “f the deceased lady, which had b ? r for disposal. And this will be as it tense for some days, gave place to should.
BUILDING LEASED ON WELLINGTON STREET FOR THE NEW INDUSTRY.
SfflMÜïïfl OTTAWA
Special attention given to appointments n.adt by mail.
$otal iinû General,
Ottawa will have a large mica factory It will be operated by the Eugene Mun sell Co., of New York, the largest firm on the American continent. Munsell, in company with his partner, Mr. Franklin Brooks, arrived at the Russel afew days ago. Their visit was for the purpose of looking about, with a view of selecting some suitable place to establish a factory in Ottawa. Wednesday a large building was leased for a term of years, and an agent will be appointed to look after the firm’s business at once. It is their intention to forward the mica direct from the mines to their factory here, where it will be looked over and prepared for shipment to New York. Mr. Munsell has not yet decided upon an agent but the choice wil1, in all pr bability be made in Ottawa.
for
y.”
ev«
» to
(ilRL WAN 1 ED.—To do general housework. Apply at
BQGRBEAU RAINVILLE, L.L, L„
r »
mica
for
Mr
The Equity Offk e.
vll l
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
Will attend all llie Courts of the District, en pecially when required.
}
en in-
The Raymond Sewing Machine
K*e
HjUrt 8
any in the marker. F .reale by A. Smiley Shawville, from $20 up
a season of p« ace which continued until life’s
notary pu.,,0	sS-SESfyE I
mmmim. s::z:z
watchmaker, Arnprmr. His ads will lie Mr. A. L. llandfurd wishes to thank fer 8 nnrriage,atid prior to that event for found Interesting and protiiable.	the people of	Shawville ai.d surrounding	some time with Mis. Lyon, who is also a
Id the district. All torrespondenci prompt- turns out a sunerinr	House g»Ilery, and also announces that	amiability which creaied the esteem and	the	firm	have their	headquarters	at
who had to	be sent away and have to	parture will be keenly regretted, while	don, Eng. At the latter	place	the	firm
Mrs. Anthony Barber, an	age! woman “cal again. ”	her memory will long remain fresh in	have a	large	factory,
of Radford, passed away since our last iIiu,v Vv„	i _	their hearts.	Mr Munsell is vecy favorably impress-
issue. Her remains were interred on 1 ° ' , V ', ‘	. * OHU The obstquies t< ok p!<toa at two o'clock ed with Ottawa and says it is one of the
M nday morning.	k V	iT’^ T* °" Sonda, afternoon, „„d w. re attend, d m.*t fl -uriehing cities he ha. been in.
M*sris?isa.*8ES'S:'ssaft	.D*.?r¦&“; kirS rirs ^zr3tr7vK'?T-'h-  »
«f the Ottawa Auxilary BitdeSociety,Ottawa,Ont. returned home on Saturday evening, not .	,	“	^	of relatives and a few friends—were of the company, whose big factory at N-w York
much improved	rtgu ai 11 1 ion.	I choicest variety aud exquisitely designed, is the most extensive in America.—
WILLIAM ELLIOTT	Mr*. Martin, Mrs. T<xld Lyon, Misters The citizens of Portage du Fort, held I To the bereaved ones who are left to Citizen.
T>AILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT and Mr. Hugh Reilly, brother of the a meeting on Tuesday night last at which mourn the deceased’s ear y and unexpcct
sngaieraeo t * fo r any bu »lnes« I u* con d ecu on	Mr' Wüîian. McElroy and »»» ^edvd in send » deputation to ed departure The Eyi'iTY joins in tender
4h all Courts In the County, Jollectlons Mr. J°hn Kemp, brothers in law; Mr. E. Quebec, to liitoiview the Government, on lng lts deepest sympai tiy. made and p-ompl returnsassured	Lyon, nephew, and Mow A Elaon wore 'he subject of granting assistance to-	“ One by one our friends depart,
here attending the obsequies of the late ,“rde having their bridge rebuilt. We '	Who hath not lost a friend ? •
Miss Ida Reilly on Sunday •	understand the naming of the deputation
s r±si
ford-down ewes from the docks of Mr. lherewl,n*
Henry Arkell, of Guelph, Ont., who is one of the most extensive sheep raise is in Ontario. These ewes, Mr. Armstrong informs us, weigh 200 lbs. each,
md
the
f
KM-
S. A. MACKAY, B.O.L.
**P-
du-
ras
iff
he
3y-
by
autour McConnell,
ny
».
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
72 MAIN ST. - HULL QUE.
Notice of Meeting.
wl
Notice is hereby given to all parties who have taken shares in the Green Lake Cheese Factory, and also to those who intend doing so, that a meeting will be News was received last week of the | hvl<1 afc N<> 10 «chool house on Saturday, A prop s of the above, a rumor reached	I death	at Naahelu, Kan, Hawaiian Is	| February 25th,	at	2	o’clock,	p.	m.,	at
us on Thursday to the effect that word	lands,	on January	20;h, of Mrs. Joseph	which fheir	presence	is	respectfully	re-
had b en received from Quebec rating no Pritchard, formerly Miss 3/aggie S. Mor-J nues*ed assistance was probable. It is to be hoped riaon, third daughter of Mr. George Mon this rumor is ill-founded, as the appeal is riaon, of Glengyle, Bristol. The deceased Farmers and	others interested in dary-	of too serious a nature for the Govern	leaves	a husband	and three children to
ing and cheese	making, are	requested	to	ment to dismiss without action .	mourn	her loas.
FB1H-Hî» f I
; ! SliSSS	I
fine series of dissolving views of a great physician and a good nurse were In constant i n .
While at Portage du Fort a few U.y» number of the met noted and historical	P^u'mn Z:
ago Mr. James Hodgins informs The places in the Emerald Isle, including sev , was called in consultation, but too late; she I p,,nV« h.«nr
7S£	| HSSa» % « I
garding the conduct of some of the young the Giant’s Causeway, Blarney	Castle, .	¦	t
2l men of this nlace, who visited Portage on etc. The Rev lecturer, being	. true	etery a ‘JùJ.tove	N.îlfbu, fn	“ îm.gê I	Butter.
£ one or two .Sundays, and acted, so it was Irishman himself, and thoroughly conver called Waiohlra».	p »	10f ‘ V ‘ ‘ ’ *i
’	. basuta» mzs. SSSHS 2f I a-™	' - • • •
Hodgins that if the offence is repeated, ir.g features with which it was	replete.	;°^leMKr- Richard will	then write	you	full)	p ,f tC. CALDWELL,.PROPR.eioR	I »te,,H will be token to punish the offend Some of the young ladies of St.	Paul'.,	ISkeenT	Hid a
This hotel will be lound fully equipped I11®» lJAlties. is with much regret we Church Choir, rendered with pleasing a few days with them aud how happy and p„n. ’
«ssMsaste	awsfti'swf'-rt-a eeeSmlBSE i i±>- ¦
...................	1 SUa.SL	w*» « — «• |—
St. Lawrence Hall,
Died in Hawaii.
m9
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress*
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
JAS. ARMSTRONG
Green Lake, Feb. 9th, 1899
PONTIAC HQ(J3p
V T7
PASTURAGE
Wt.S

<
Anv person wishing to secure pasture for thelrcow this coming season should see me at once. Rales lew. good water In pasture, and by arrangin'' at once can be guaranteed proper accommodation. After 15th of April will be too late.
O. CATER.


m


en
y
Shawville Produce Quotations
o
00 it 29 58 to 6,3 38to 40 37 to 40
81
• ••••eeeese
i
suould be ta
Eggs, (fresh,) Wo„|
i
15
ken
C?
18 to 18 14 to 15 4.75 to 5 00 4 00 to 5.00 C 50 to 7 00 35 to 50 . 0.00 to C 76
40 to 75 7 to 8c. 5 to 5
# #
• »••••? •
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
e •
• tit
• •
#####*##
# # e
# #
# #
lc°:
• e
• • e e •
Chickens Duck#
5 to
6 to 7c.
IHIIMmiHIIIHMIlti

Z

J


v

###PAGE###2###
— U
Love and War
\v;iy down (he stairs, calling to Annie, [ missioned officer, and a man of wealth who held the door-knob in her hand "ii«l tank, many privileges ¦¦
Min. (indium, allow mo to he your corded to him which were denied the escort Roue, in not willing you should common soldiers, and his first not uf-
go out alone."	ter entering the tolmceo house was ta.THp aftpd rrm,
Ibank you, I turn not at all afraid, seek out his late c< mimnion and ask 1 ”,	ECTS MORE .
and prefer going alone, as Mrs. Simms afier his welfare Th'didn t know him at uEKOUS THAN THE DISEASE imglii not care to dSiaet a stranger," I first though directed to that locality VI/	I Annie replied, with anvlr of so much	the one where the Preacher " j 4 well Known Qnrbrr
»iuici dignity, that Jimmie knew there	would probably he found Tic could not j inmlii ui*ery for Ik	" ^
no alternative for him save to think he hid ever seen either of these lie Found Heller * ^ pi" _ j	... w .	. reumi ,u b'H sister h chamher, which famished, misera hie hiking creatures, I
?**! x\aS lighted in the dining- fwlmg, making her wish more and he did, feeling far more crestfallen hut touched hv the impressive scene. | 'he epidemic of lagrippo which h*. m ami the heavy damask curtains	‘hit sin* was aw a) where she than lie had supposed it possible for he stood a moment listening, while «wept over Canada like a sv.ou.kv «hi!
u Hopped before the long French	he obliged to come m daily him to feel, just because a widow had Isaac read.	winter, hag left thousands of weaknnH
hi.L*	,X vWrful vuai f“‘‘ w as	vont act with him. I inler these eir-	refused his escort.	" I am	the wav, the truth, and the despairing sufferers in all parts of 1 ?..
ynig t'n the maid !<¦ hearth, wh le tho	j iMiinsttinet* n in not strange the eon- It w in wholly owing to the taint of	life. No	man cometh to the Father ,amL	is u treacherous diseas.?
Kih	‘ ,l.S s,nuwy lini,ii. »ts china, ver.sat ion flagged, until for Hose’s sake Re he Id ora clinging to him, he knew, hut by me.*	Y.J,U. th,nk, y<>u are cured, vet 1 ht
invi,	l UI gass’ a most	Annie fell compelled to make an of-	for he was not accustomed	to having	" Yes.	hut how shall 1 go to Himf 8l.hfh'vst cold brings uu a relapse i,„
fe.d	a,,p<;aru,Ut‘’ u,aking Jimmie	fj»n• Suddenly lemvmhermg Isaac	his attentions thus slighted	by the la	Where is	He r the sick hoy asked, and viciiuw are left in 11 weakened condi
nil « », I* 81 lomc l,han 1,0 had through fciuiius. she asked H anything was ever dies to whom they were offered, and bending lower, Isaac answered :	,m<l «H «»« easy prey to its maid
f.vm! ,1	ng >Vars !,f hls xulu“tary exile heard	hi	Washington of the Huh-	all unconsciously the manner of re-	"lies here, lies standing close by !°‘d complications. The	blood	is l.fV
• I m U-	lMr,‘Q.t,aI ruof‘	mond	prisoners 1	serve which Annie assumed toward	you. lie hears all I say. lie knows 1,11,1111 and impoverished: the	nerves
K.,,v	1 h‘7* he sud, with a plea- "Xes," Jnumie replied; and eager to him wp* punishing him for his sin 1 you want him, and he will not east "halt, red, and heart trouble and net/
/ t	^ ^n.vfaetmn noi unming- ahow his own willingness to talk of unite as much as anything which had >011 off. for lie has said he wouldn't, ous prostration are too often the result
I X certain degree of self-re- the war and the Federal Army, he .vet occurred, miking him feel keen I v Only believe, an.l take him at his word, »ne following statement made hV ; ''huh whispered that after Hdd how only tin- day before he left that by his traitorous act he had, for that’s all "	tX,r. ,,aill‘‘l Closavy, a well known
» i bad passed he was hardly worthy H»i Rockland, news had come from a time at least, built a gulf between There was an evident lifting up of fu,!mvr '‘vmguear West Brome Une liIv. the recipient of so much lux-	saying he was as well as could himself and those whose good opinion both souls to God. and Tom felt that indicates the ravages made by the
A , ...	l,c expected, considering Ins fare, but was worth the having.	even in that horrid place, there were u,‘u,r effects of this scourge
these were about simp- the hoy captured with lum would sure- I “Why haven’t you gone r Rose ask- angels dwelling. He knew now that los»cy says:-"Some five years uiro I . , ,‘,M uves 'nto "'“ds, when lie *> ,llt‘ ‘f	>"'<>u restored to purer ed. as he camn into the room. M She I one was Isaac, and the great tears mU au “Hack 0f la grippe. The en r-
1.1 ugm sight of a figure he hid not “ini belter care thin those tobacco wouldn’t let you t I don’t believe you rolled down his cheeks as he saw the llvr symptoms passed away, yet I eon • on o nerved, and I ecu me aware th t prisms at folded.	j asked her just as you should. Dear, fearful change wrought in little more U,1U,,<1 tu f 11 ' in health, and suffered
'/Vs. “V1 alonp "lth mother, as (»h—11 will kill Mrs. Simms if they dear, it’s all going wrong between you than two short months.	nmnse pain in my head. I was suit.
U*.f * s 1 sl,l'P '«ed.	11 was a delicate unl bring him back to her deuil,' two, and if lorn don’t act* any better " Isaac,’’ he said, -ofilv, " Isaac, my •j1" * *u attacks of dizziness, and unless
be ngure, not as petite as his sis- a,‘d the hot tears gushed lrom Annies when he comes home, what shall I do? ’ bov, hut don’t you know me ? ’	wounl g va eq> something would fill r
’sr7;-îsjs?	- ? ...............
a. niosi too small to suit the theorems	lh,‘ hr| ‘Vtl cl another hock laud volun-1	what lie had seen that so far as Hose	xv ,re as cold as iuv even in th«
well inuJL Curp’,hut l,ookin^ vastly	leer.	was concerned. Annie's tenure at the	SOME QUEER SOCIETIES.	fu,ntrj*‘i m?nths. if 1 attempted the
« Jimmie, whose first thought l hv tears unvv started could not be Mather mansion was stronger than his	_ ' I,''IS| wrtion my heart would beat
apstrs ssasBsas?:»...............................................^ - ssss
wcie coiled, forming a large square	to ber room, poured oui üvi grief in	Mid regrets for the past and occasional	Many societies with the most	out-	three different doctors, their treat.
v?,01 ,	,,	r;îllinx ,ow ui’OM t'"1 neck,	'cars and prayers for the poor sick	thoughts of the little white-fared An-	IhhJMi 1 hjecls have from time to	nme	lm‘nlA l,,,H,Ul‘<‘d not the slightest bene-
prance,C Z	Ir I	'    """> ,'f Z
find in Ills sisters protegee, the Widow	,lulu of thanksgiving that to her bad the intelligence brought by Jimmie of	‘	' tU ,lM‘ '*	' 1 'recent	tiouble, who was cured by the use of
»! a ham. He knew it was Annie, by	been given the cumfun of knowing her hoy, and who. with	her hands cov-	growth in London	1 ml elsewhere.	'>r • Williams 1'ink Rills and 1 decided
\ r \,ml'lIln,nf rrbe fitting s<) closely th“ tb*‘ death pillow of her uailmg ‘‘ring her fare, was weeping bitterly, A lady « 1' means living in a large 10 ,r.V them. The result was siinnlv
= ...............................................................................
hl l’,‘‘’1'Pd living alone with his molli- pi on not or dise, piiue h id disturbed to me now as if he was dead. I'll never ‘ S' ' 1 '	h" pnmding the nient failed to accomplish— restored
er. hut one glance at the sweet face	m pvuvelul dymg. see him any more. Oil,	Isaac, my dar-	'v,,»'kiiig-classt*s ’with chap, in >r il	nie to full health and vigor and I am
rümvu ,t0,'V:,rd ,mn as Mrs (’arid on	Meantime J mimic had leiurnvd to Hng I”	lii ei a 1.11 e." That	the s, v .mens of	Hgam a|,!e lo «'<» my work about the
u,1wiira:;Cg:^!Lrb:n!	\u,rTniA,^rxv„i	-.k ,un,ed«m, by tws.«rh,y ..m*	urvü"
liplBlllI ilii 11I1IIIP 1111 ¦£=-¦¦¦Be
across the placid waters of the Inv to she saw her brother's evident chagrin ,Vh, y ol uni an iy shared, when he , 11 never got beyond suggestions, and |(*,ked ul,on ia dearly depicted with
%%%%?" “• - a-™ ^ azur&fze.» I ssresn* rzz ¦ iïurrxtss svsjgss
:::::
her to steal God's time, and appropri- er Annie Graham should not know of ' r,''ll'hH<1 llM destination, and no society of eight mortal beings having I'o'es that there are thousands of min-
a- rest sxmsi :!m tsasrte. aat.	c	stoss^b!» .u-nssr %	%
where she learned so strict a .creed, was that she was there and vet he ' fr% h r a peace which kept his heart a society was actually founded, and 1 u'lth a hot needle, or even, to push and adding, "hut I half believe you're would not have sent her a wav*	if be	<l'11 '-ieakmg.	.....	no mtention of being	funhy.eilh-	' be experiment fun her, you may thrust
kissing her blushing check, he h id led fairs, both past and present	Wh u	. , \ "T intense,	until at	last hep- died	and fifty pounds.	tbe body share this peculiar insensi-
her from the rocks over which the made Hose tell her of the Requot and Li d^u- T'	?,unP’ an<1 ,Vle ,X ‘r"	. XX ,a| !hls .f,md "as f,,r cannot be	to p,in’ but the unfortunate
him. There was no sail upon the hay, thing had brought her to his	mind	fî h t' ^ “Î V* •* f‘ °	1 ' v\^°’ #8it 1 h°se i non	against another.	alive that, unless the point of contact
no more watching for the ebb and flow and as the servant just then came in’	i;„ ’ h '	, llf ‘	Iv	lonp' 1 . 11	was unfortunate that	the society	is r(,nf‘ne<! to the dead point, the pain
%= 2Î5JVÏVUÏ sts- srirass t S i StsjS	«r* " *" “*““*•
SeHSIIIe îfSlIÜ!i	I
¦aani
have felt for any stranger who came I to prevent her hearing Hose’s reply to her as the brother of her patroness. " it's dark as pitch, and slippery, too And still she was conscious of a deej>- Jimmie, do please see her to tbe gate er interest in him than if he had been but don't go in. for the widow is n perfect stranger, and his presence | ful against Rebels H iwuke wi inn her an uncomfortable
La Grippe’s Victims
wvro h«

/IS
/IS
t

n\
dan
<?/
A STORY 01 SI A\>:RY DAYS. Bv MANY J. MOI MI S.

\i>
rinlTrrfi l«‘ai* in-tor

w « s
Mr
i


you to
v every trace of ihe poisonous germs from the
liuil.l up and en rich the blood society provide hi lengthen the nerves. Sold by all
de liera or sent post paid at 50 rents a «-ox or slx boxes for $2.50 by addressing the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co..
. r	,	Ilrockville, Ont., Always refuse
.mu- o£ -i society for the protection of lions or substitutes
domestic servants
litvi ituri
but l he a i t ivies of i hv
system,
- and
given a wav
‘ill it all profits accruing fr< m th, of i In
my
lit
ifiy n pamphlets
mm
ire tu l,<j
imita-
CAN THIS TRUE ?
or
moral literature" As it is, it is merely distribilled small tradesmen,
I v«*rv living Being Ma hi to In*
Blind.
U will probably lie a shock to many to learn that, without
they are sihle to
did not
sold
Pit ri tally

w ho
w rap
ha |kiribs ol tea" and sugar in tlie pages fur the moral elevation of their
Every week a fresh hud-
any exception,
all partially blind and
insen-
custoine rs
pain

and parallel lines on a large sheet of paper, and
passing up and down each meridian
until the whole area of





j

It
THE ZINC CITY
Every house and household utensil thut can be is made of zinc in the
prepreventing

HEROIC.
Madge—Is he really in love with that
old maid.
Marjorie—Well, he wears a pair of acorns were dis- wristlets she crocheted for him.
.	ln «he East end hv «h.
society’s workers, but for lack of rea-	------------------
and ,'°°Pcr'itinn the DISTANCE OF TIIE PLANET MARS, .cneme died down, when, like one of
sss, ssr}ji,r ju“
A hundred bottled t rihuted
prison.	.
With Tom it had fared better, for Yankee-like in his precautions, he had gone into the battle with a quantity of gold fastened securely around his person, and gold has a mighty power to unlock the hardest heart. A a a com
aw-
The next moment Jimmie was half
When the planet Mars is nearest the j earth it is 36,600,000 miles away.
,»

###PAGE###3###
\

times (lick up words find phrases
which nro worse than slang, hut the mother need not ho unduly alarmed bemuse of this. the hoy and girl will speak the language and use tlie dialect of home, and if the mother possess ihe children’s entire confidence she will not find it difficult to convince the children that vulgar speech is a thing to avoid.
Mothers will never in the years to rom.» regret a union of mild measures with firm adherence to principle in i lie home life. Hut of harshness and loo much government J hey may repent in dust and ashes.
Whnt th«*y prnmlw they would find tb«
benefit of it.
COST MILLIONS OF POUNDS PRINTING M THE X RATS.
llJhe Home]
CHOICE IIECIPKS.
MARVELLOUS ADAPTATION OF THH
GREAT DISCOVERY.
STATELY MANSIONS OWNED BY ENGLISH LORDS AND LADIES.
,train Soup—Waih and akin 2 net a of calf brains, and plump in ice water one Now plunge them into 1 quart
with 2 spoonfuls of and 1 tablenpoonful
It’» l int, r.nty mill I Im h i» < mi R«* Uwrd
for Welling an Well mm I'llnlnl Waller—
How II l« Work. «I.
In the Electrical Engineer, an article on A New Process of Printing," by the use of the X Hays," by i)r. Frederick Strange, Kolb*, opening up what lie claims to be a feasible method, one of whose features is the immense number of impressions of records that one man can turn out. Dr. Kollo says that the first suggestion of printing by the use of the X ray* came from Prof. Elihu Thomson two years ago when he showed that multiple radiographs could be made at one exposure ; these he called skiagraphs. The experiment showed that more than a single sheet of sensitized paper would be affected by the rays when laid one upon the other. There were 1 hen, however, m my objections to t he process, which l>r. Kolle declares have been overcome, and now, he says, typoradiography is not a theoretical dream, but
A PRACTICABLE PROCESS
which will ove rerun « the cost and labor of composition, the limited time of striking off copies, and keep the entire work a secret from the printer ; a valuable fact not to be overlooked in diplomatic documents, letters, communications, etc. Resides this, the matter to he typoradiographed need not appear in type characters, but can be written, permitting the actual reproduction of the original.
The ink to be used is first taken up by Dr. Kolle. lie says a suitable writing ink would be composed of red lead, powdered gum arable, glycerine, and water to make proper solution. For type work a semi-fluid mixture of red lead, potassium bromide, and glycerine sufficient to make a paste would be advisable. These inks will, however, only permit of white text on a black background, therefore, a second or " unfatty M ink which will pet mil of black characters on a w hite background must he used. IJichro-matized mucilage, which has not been
W liai One Hill lor H<*i»mIm on Blcnkdni I'm lore I nine lo-1 mu Mime Site of Home of I lime lionne».
TUI: LAUNDRY SLUNK
hour
\ft«*r the linen, shirt bosom or collar, t»f boiling wat« r
b86“ °arotu,ljr etur0h6d' haV’ lr“ fluent., SO minute.
()f other etowpan put 1 quart of sweet
in ilk, 1 generous tablespoonful of bul-
1 thin slice of breakfast bacon,
Heat
f
has
In an
It is no exaggeration to say that among “ Stately homes of England,” there are many which could not be bought by as many gold coins us would pave the sites on which ihey stand. Perhaps the most remarkable of these costly pleasure houses is Mount Stewart, Rothesay, one of the six palaces of the inany-millioned Marquis of Bute. More money has been lavished on this “miracle of masonry " and sumptuous adornment than would carpet its site of an acre two and a half times over with £f> Monk of England notes.
To buy it would reduce two millionaires to their last penny ; and every one of its 150 rooms have cost, on an average over $(r>,(M)0, or more than sufficient to build a dozen suburban
icady at hand u basin of cold water dean covered ironingbonrd; a piece clean, soft rag, and a well heated polishing iron
water, and then lightly wipe the surface ( ,u. HtrW|i;m with the brains and the
of the collar. On no account make it water in which they are cooked.
boil and pour 'tito
crackers, and serve
AGRICULTURAL PROSPERITY
Prof,
Koberliim'a Itimnik* Ikliire I lie I h ii it (I l;i ii Pre»« 4 «‘«or I a l li» ii.
Professor Junes VV, Roliertson delivered art address u|x>n “The Press and Agricultural Progress in Canada,” at the meeting of the Canadian Press Association, held in Toronto last week. He pointed out that good times followed the fort unes of the farmers, l*v-
Last
Let
a
too wet, or it will blister, and be care- all come to ful that no drops of water fall on it. tureen ov* i pane Hold the collar in position with the
left hand, and run the gsdishing iron - -	#
up and down it with the right. At first toes, 1 quart of water, 1-- cup of roii-the linen will have a streaky appear- fMj cracker crumbs, I tablespoon ful of
Kf.'SArsaSMS	ZtETJiïZ
hour, add 1 quart of
a
at once.
Tomato Soup.—One quart of toim
cause I b y created its wealth
quarters of
hot milk, and just Indore taking off the
1-2 tablespoonful of soda in
and pour boiling
an
year »h** farmers had good crops and now wv had
TOAST AND CHEESE
growing nines.
It was important that the farming
fire put
For a genuine Welsh rarebit, take a
m2 üïrrîim = % Lsnnt&we
pan at the back part of the stove. Add tomatoes. A small potato and c hopped a tablespoonful of butter, and a gill of onion can also be added for a c hange, rich milk, and set the saucepan in a pan Curve of Chicken.—One large* <*hi< k of boiling water and stir the cheese en, a knuckle of vivil, 1 canot gradually until it melts, and a smooth, onion with 2 cloves stuck in it, a lea-thick mixture is formed. Have ready spoonful of parsley, and salt and white two slices of bread, from which the tapper to taste crusts have been trimmed and w hich to boll gently ; skim well have been toasted a delicate brown, chicken is done remove it and the veal For this purpose the toast should 1m Put back the skin and bones and sun soft, not crisp. Moisten the toast with a mer 2 hours. Chop the chicken fin**
BSBZSH; eSggLE:
egg on top of each slice of toast. a	Met urn the pu	the dullest farmer as to information
The greatest mistake which am a-	a,ir steadily and I**.	... m regard to agriculture on an equality
leurs make is to serve this preparation l>mlmg- Hninh wnli 1 I _	s with the best nHurmed farmer now,
of cheese on crisp hard toast, when it or.eam an<11. 1-8 ‘ Ul’ , , f , ‘ fr:Bd ;n	levelling up would mean increase
loses all its delicacy. The bread must *'l[h NIIlüI. . H<,u .,r J	pii.ht	«»f wealth as a result of improved work,
lie soft and the cheese must be rich Gutter.	above wil sti	K mg of farms, the press of to-day was
an<l mellow, and above all, it must he l*‘°l,,e-	1	«ne of i h" great agencies of civilization,
served very hot. Some cooks add a bit Cabbage Soup—One thin slice oh In Canada the newspaper reconciled the of cayenne, a mere pinch, but this is bacon 1 teacup grated carrots, 1 pint farmer to bis isolation, it helped to not a part of the original English f ra,’botfe stock, I bay leaf. Place in “ould bis opinion*and it could be made preparation.	*	.	,	.	to foster the courage uf the farmers
a soup ix)t and cook 25 minutes. ^ ki by recognizing more f ully their worth
x	well and take out bay leaf. Now add: and by giving tb**m the praise their
due
th * soup tureen
community .sh"uld 1st well informed, houses with some pretension to irn-aud tho press was the agency of in- portance—in the eyes of their tenants, formation in Canada. It was the duty One of the largest of English coun-of t h<* press to impress upon t be farm- try seats is Lord Fit zw il lia ms Yorker th** necessity of availing himself of shire house, Wentworth Woodhouse. the most improved machinery in or- This colossal building has a length (1er to insure steady progress. As to of no less than 200 yards. Its hall is th** possibility of progress in agricul- 44) feet high, and has an area of 3,604) tun*, it could be appreciated when he square feet ; it is so large, in fact, said that the c,untry cultivated 30.04)0,. that a half dozen suburban houses I 0!) of acres, and that 300,000,000 acres of could lie comfortably placed in il, and •'and equally good might U* cultivated, it would he possible for its owner to Ontario in tbit case would support 20- live nearly six months in Went wort h
Woodhouse without spending two days in the same room.
In addition to this commodious house Lord Fitzwilliam has a house in (Jros-venor Square, and a seat in County Wicklow, while he has an income of over $2,54H) a day on which to maintain thepn.
There are few, if any, private houses which are
“SO GREEDY OF THE SOIL”
I
Put all in a soup pot
When the
as Ha by Castle, Durham, which stands on no less than two acres of ground.
Goodwood, Chichester, one of the Duke of Richmond's four houses, has a length of 12<i yards. Eaton Hall, the well-known seat of the Duke of West minster, has a single corridor much longer than the height of St. Paul s Cathedral. Lord l.econfield’s Sussex st-at.
Pet worth House, is 107 yards long, and Rlenheiin Palace is longer still. Rlen-heim Palace, indeed, is one of the most marvelous and bewildering of all these mammoth houses. With its count less rooms, corridors and staircases it would be quite possible for two people to spend a lifetime in it without knowing of each other’s existence. Nothing, perhaps, gives a more breath-taking idea uf the -dze and costliness <>f i his
palace, built out of public money for I phototype would be to print or write the soldier Duke, than the fact that a the text with an adhesive or mucil-hingle repairing bill is said to have aginous ink, and then dust it over with amounted to over $1,560,000, while the some opaque metallic powder such as
well into biniodide of mercury, zinfc oxide, or
lead ovide ; or the letters may be writ-It is more than remarkable	that one	ten with	the non-nn-tallir ink, the re-
of the very ugliest houses in	England,	ma fader	of the surface	being dusted
plain almost to the verge of the ludi- upon a previously gummed copy, thus crous, is one of the most	valuable	giving a	black text upon	a white back
mansions in the world. Devonshire |	ground.
House, as seen from Piccadilly, might appear to a casual eye to be dear at #1,54)0 a year; and yet its rental value •annot be less than $150,000 a year.
Plie Duke's bedroom in this
Thos** jokes that appeared about “hays eds did, in many cases, much harm, by causing boys to belittle, the occupation of their fathers, and desire to rush to the overcrowded cities. The
press often was uf infinite service to
th * agriculturist by pointing out new openings for special kinds of farming; for special products. lie advanced several cases wh re profitable departures had been made by the farmers of certain sections in consequence of the instigation of th** press. Then the press Put tomatoes and water to boil could persistently call attention to the
sieve fact that for every dollar’s worth of
a.sold unes may stretch. You and add salt and pepper. Place again	T,'"” o/t.ugbt ' uu	'o(
may have to adapt your pattern, on ac- on ihe. fire and boil, adding the flour, $13,53, Wi, h this fact emphasized, farm-c «uni uf the limitation of the old ma- mixed emoot lily in water, next the but- erH W<->UI<1 see that it was to their inT *	s ffii	KStiS :rr,Lrz^:us.re,,*“-J3
If the old material is insufficient, re- „f baking soda in Ihe tureen. sod clearly be willing to buy, and that it
member (liât colors and materials of when the soup has come to a boiling would he unwise 10 look to our southern
well
MAKING OVER.
1-4 teaspoon of pepper and 1 teaspoon
of salt. Hub together—tablespoonful of butter and 1 tablespoonful of flour; add to 1 pint of hot milk, and pour
Let come to boiling
Unless you have unlxmnded confidence in your own capacities, do not attempt to cut and fit anything without
into your soup, a pattern. Purchase a good model, with point, and serve
a pictorial representation of the com-
Tomato Bisque.—One quart of turtle inure maloes, 2 quarts of cold water, 3 table-

exposed to light previous to its use, in order that its non-adherent property may be retained, is suggested for the writing. The “fatty” ink then applied with a roller will adhere to the unwritten surface of the paper, leaving the letters uncovered or free foi the penetration of the X-rays.
Another method of preparing the
pleted garment desired strikingly unlike the old one the better; spoonfuls of flour, 1 tablespoonful of the less likely will your neighbors be to sugar, 1 pint of sweet milk, 1-2 table-recognize it. If possible use different spoonful of butter ; salt and pepper to buttons and trimmings. Always have taste
new linings; Ihe fit will probably lie until soft; then strain through a bet ter
yearly glazier's bill runs four figures.
together. iHJ,n1 Pour ** Iu ond mlx UI>
Serve quickly.
neighbors who were indis;»osed to buy, and might at any time stop cur present fry until small sales to them.
nearly all kinds are used Combine two or three old dresses as one, or get sufficient new stuff of a matching or contrasting order to su|>-ply the needed sleeves, skirl, flounce or vest-front
ruy, velveteen, lace, fringes, lieads and 1 onion
Okra Soup.—Chop and brown 1 pound of round steak, with 2 generous tablespoon fuis of butter and
WHAT WAR DOES.
Fiik, velvet, plush, eordu
Into a soup kettle now put	—
passementeries will trim effectively all i pint of okra, cut in very thin slices, It I*» Life to the lititnirr* ©f t.reat ship* fabrics except cotton or linen ones.
Trimming may often hide defects; as a bow a darn.
THE PAPER.
Alter the copy is prepared, the sensitive paper on which it is to he printed is mule into what Dr. Kollo calls a sensu-block, which contains A) to 100 sheets. It is tin n mounted or clamped into a form—sensitized side up, upon which the copy or phototype
.	,	.	.	.	.	_ e„;. , is laid-facing up, and is thus suh-
have bought the entire bedroom suite	{ [q the ncti(m of thti x rays;
of a man one alone of wluise seven jfQ|. or(|jnary printing at a distance of
houses would make him a mi ,u>n,1!n'' from ten to sixteen inches. The cur
Stafford House, St. James, ranks ng 1 | rpnt js turned off after an exposure of
about 10 or 12 seconds, and the block taken into a dark room for developing. With all the difficulties of poor ink. apparatus, etc., overcom says, 20 senso-blocks, each •containing 50 sheets of paper, might be arranged around one X ray tube, which would give 1,000 copies every 10 seconds of exposure. This would give 6,001) copies per minute, and if ten tubes were used 6*1,000 copies could be made in one hour at a
NOMINAL COST OF OPERATION.
I liiil (in l»ow II Inn» I lie mini.
2 quarts of boiling salt-When tender add the steak
bod slowly 2 hours, various enterprises which depend en
and add ed water.
War may he “hell," but there are
<
and onions and
Huh together 1 tablespoonful of but- 1 tirely upon it for existence, After the
ter and 2 tablespoon fuis of flour and manufacturers of war materials the
Pour this
“TREASURE OF BRICKS
was, in his ante-nuptial days at a ay-rate, as plain and unattractive ns the building itself ; and probably $15 would
TEACH CHILDREN TO MIND
If one is hound to ruin his children, add * quart of hut milk
into the soup kettle and season with
white
point and serve at once
shipbuilders are most happy over international contentions
the choice should l>e to do it by kindness, rather than brutality ; but there is not the least need of hanging on either horn of this dilemma. Let every mortal child that is brought into
In these
Let come to boiling
liepper
days of commercial enterprise, when evjry great nation has its trading fleet, as well as its fighting ships, the
among the stately houses of London. Hundreds of thousands of pounds have been lavished on the» house and its de-
magnificent
FERN TIPS FOR THE HOUSE
risks run owing to the necessity of ob-
| English women are passional- ly de-
let it lie tnught this while it is vo^ed to ^‘rn culture, and many coin- scouring of ihe seas by the hostile a little child, not humoured and jietfed ,nvnts are made contrasting sister Heets, the sinking and capture uf ships, to death then, and taught hundreds of Listes
tricks which it must be broken off af- that England is an island, moist, and	seas that no industry out Site of
terward.	the system of lighting interiors by	,bat which provides war material is
If you cun leach your child	uliedience	lumps and candles is less injurious than	so active. The dockyards in time of
= *££.*•«; irss
cruelty ; hut if lie will not fear or obey room plants. Hut intelligence in se- perforin, the almost impossible task of without such punishment, administer it Acting may do much toward having keeping pace with the wear and tear
'1 he pterris quadriaurita, which is wiih soldiers clothing in an active log blows at him for a week afterward, very handsome, does well in room cul- campaign, and this lends extra activity While gentle, respectful and obedi- ture. A robust window plant g< oil in to the clothing industries. Hut, all ent children, are the sweetest things color is the aspidium acrostichoides, things considered, shipbuilding un-un earth, there are lew things more and a favorite fern with the Japanese, douhiedly is the industry most bene-disagrveable and repulsive than bad- twisted by them into many situations, filed by a wlir. Even when the war ly managed and unruly children. No is the dnrallia bulluta. It has sien- is over a long time elapses before the one can endure them and their parents der, scaly root stocks the size of a shipbuilding trade assumes its normal are justly to blame.	goose quill and smaller, and two feet level of activity
Once get that central idea of un-	and more long.	The Japanese	plant
qualified obedience well grounded in	them with moss,	fine roots and	other
your children, and your government materials that will hold moisture. If	THE ZAJW'GA.
stands firm, iou need not be all the kept sufficiently moist ihese stems
time laying on commands. Do not fet- will soon produce very beautifully cut In Servis there still survives a won-ter your children ; within certain limits fern leaves, three to five inches high, derfui old institution known as the leave them free; teach them that their and form a living, luxurious wreath. y , a [, [H the living together of
ErawES wwsB—"
dearly and that you punish them not	____ absolute aut hoi u y of one < hier. He
asrszsr&s «un» ««,&» i»» ss. s.tss sat ass
passion upon them, but for their good. Children pass through a great many family life.
feelings are apparent in ihe	minds	of	Kpel’ lhese related facls ln mmd- "®	vml)|OVment Agent-Tbose are fine
those who correct them.	sometimes fix a fault by taking too	recon5nendations ihal gurl has, mum.
'Tie enough to make one sorry to much notice of it. A mistake should cu.,u [ ^,«1 f,»r her to coins and talk h«ir of a new birth to reflect upon the not be treated as a wilful sin À I wiih you»
V^H?t. to things I Either by too much	fansienl awkwardness may be	due	T U °Lm; tut--
and severity or by a weak and	to rapid growth.	A shyness of behuv-	f(||	()r	thin,
Hai her stout. mum; a good, strong—
Is she stouter than I amf Oh. yes, mum, a good deal.	in
won t do. She'd split thti seams enu^e of every dress I have.	,
this world be taught to obey its parents
marble
corations. Its staircase alone represents a small fortune ; its walls are beautiful from the brushes of famous Italian painters, and it is crowded with pictures and bric-a-brac of almost priceless value.
Dorchester House, which gave hospitality to the Ameer's son. is said to have cost $2,4:00,1100 ; and Lord Burton gave $7541,000 for Chesterfield House, South Audley street, with its sumptuous library and its unique marble staircase.
Dr. Kolle
Hut it must be remembered
so diminish ihe number of vessels on
He goes further in his deductions and de lares that ten men working I he Duke of Bedford's house in Bel- I eight hours a day could mak*4 at least grave square. Lord Rothschild's in Pic- 250 exposures each during that time cad illy and Lord Port man's in Pori man which would represent 7,500.0 »0 copies square are among the houses which are a day, which could be developed, fix the despair of m n who do not make @d washed and dried within one as much in a life-time as would pay | working day.
;t quarter's interest on the capital each
pleasure house represents.
ner ; but du nut be looking and speak-
One of thn advantages of the process, it is claimed, is that the ropy before it is developed might be enclosed in a sealed, light-proof envel-
thk smell of flowers
a	«"'•	1 Z;£
that the smell <.f flowers is injurious to the voice
contents to be known by any on** but
He declares that several I (he writer and the recipient, ft i-
operatic singers of his acquaintance suggested further that some secret ow» the loss of their voices to their process of sensitive paper making and passion for certain sweet smelling developing might he suggested to he flowers.	used for copies sent by special envoys,
spies, secret messengers, etc , which it opened by any one but the right per-would contain nothing hut blank paper, which would respond only to one developer, the composition of which might be a government secret
THE QUEEN REGENT.
The Queen Regent of Spain leads an extremely simple life, rising at 7 and retiring to rest at 11 of society. Most of her time is taken up in anxious consultations wit h her Ministers, and when she has half an hour to spare it is usually spent with
her children.
F
son
are
She sees little.
THE WRONG MEASURE
THE CLEANEST PEOPLE.
The Japanese are said to be the cleanest people in the world.
THE EARTH S DEEPEST HOLK
The deepest hole in the earth is near
It is 5,375 feel
A TASTE FOR MUSIC.
Say. Jim, wool's der matter wid a. billy goat?
He's bin an* swollered a music bo*, I kin hear it a-playin' Here's i Hot Time in his atummick.
Ketschnu, Germany ¦¦¦ in depth, and is for geological research only. The drilling was begun ’ -, |PRO, and stopped six years later he- i the engineers were unable with their instruments to go deei*er.
rigor
injudicious indulgence they are too ot- iour which amounts to a painful
started wrong, wrong, all wrong;
t L^lveT 'when'SI en °t o' gT oa	b* comment an,I reproof. This is
w ay g lone. If parents would spare pecially true in regard to speech of «heir threats and then perform Children sometimes use slang ; some-
timidity, will pass if not accentuated
an
Witue



— ik

###PAGE###4###


Notice to Te&ohere.
The equity. I FARMERS' ATTENTION !
A TEACHERS’ INSTITUTE
Will he conducted at QVYON by Inspector Gilman on Friday afternoon and Saturday morning and afternoon, the 17th and 18th inst.
Teachers can attend this Institute without loss of time, as the Government has made such days legal holidays to all those teachers who attend Institutes or Conventions.
All teachers are invited.
i	,	.. . ______ , Arrangements will t>e made to accom-_____
In pursuance of a ce operative am lge- mod#te t|lllge w|u) 8toj, over on Friday VTq sm 18081VIM ment between lion. S. Fisher, Minister night.	I	®
of Agriculture, and that Dopartroeu' for]	W. M. MYHILL. thlfl W86k....................
SHAWV1LLE, FEB. 16, 1899

,w
The proposal of the Ontario Government to reduce the sessional indemnity of tin members is likely to meet with pretty opposition from the latter, on both f the House, and it is even hinted that they may retaliate by introducing h measure to lower the salaries of the Cab inet ministers.
Hodgins’ Hall,
For Spring.
Shawville,
stout o sides o
MARCH 2nd, 1899.
sa
»
m
A
vtw
:

The late victoiy (Sunday 5th) which the U S. soldiers won over the Filipinos, in which several thousand of the latter were placed hors de combat, cost the invading army, it is reported, 208 troops, I this Province, for the holding of a series
including killed and wounded, as follows : uf meatings therein during the present —Killed, 3 officers, 56 enlisted men; wounded, 8 -'dicers and 106 enlisted men; missing, 2 enlisted men.
4T


I
PLANING, MATCHING » DRESSING
NOW DONE AT
,s£tompeTotid Z: ! Elliott & Barber’s Mill
winter, it has been decided to hold one nf these meetings at Shawville, as above
I New White and Grey Cottons,
New Sheetings—plain and twilled, New Table Linens,
New Prints,
New Ginghams,
New Dress Goods,
New Lace Curtains,
New Laces and Trimmings,
'IM attire as tw
stated, on
Thursday Evening, March 2,1899,
at 7.30, p. m.
An American fakir claims to liavo the remains of Christopher Columbus in his possession, and promises to place them on exhibition. Following his shining
example we may soon expect some equally | Tae 0bject or TH18 Mkktino is enterprising Canadians, with all the cun
rung of their American prototype, exhib-	1—To diSCUSS Iliattei'S of
a.general interest to dairy far-
original Ottawa platform of 1893.—Mon- niers. treal Star.
You need a new Pence.
Be eure and get your Barb Wire from us.
LARGE STOCK
Contrary to expectations, the French	.
Chamber of Deputies has adopted by a at creameries and the improve
Ime-t Of curing rooms at cheese ^ ^ ^ ^
ces by ths Court of Cassation. The effuct I til^tOl ICS, îtllti	jog jygt added a first-class Planing Ma-
3-To give information on	iïSfTiÜÏÏl,'™ KTÏ
if he is innocent. Ii will put a new diffi- the disease 01 tUDCrCUlOSlS 111 , ftt gilort notice9 and also supply
culty in the way of the friends who are ft]	manda for rough and dressed lumber
seeking what they believe is his vindica»1 vliLUÜe
D. M.R.. ! A «...tl„.r
come*.	I and other geiillamau thoroughly con- 2*0gS	ShlUglO W00d
versant with these subjects, will ad	S®„ Rcqalred.
dress the meeting.
SHAWVILLE.
OF
FOUR 4 SIX INCH BARB.
now is A GOOD TIME TO BUY YOUR STAPLE DRY GOODS
all de-
o
HODGINS Ss SONS.
B.
Attorney General Martin, has secured the passage of » bill through the Legislature, in virtue of which he proposes to inaugurate a wholesale decapitation of Conservative Queen’s Counsel in British I ed to attend,
Columbia, in other words, he inetenels to| ___________________________________
strip Conservative lawyers, who were ap~
pointed by the Dominion Government, of iot 0f interest. He said the policy of Her tile title of Q. . C. and appoint Liberal Majesty's government did not contem-iawyers in their stead. Another grand p|ate the acquisition of the territory in stroke of statesmanship, which will cer (Jhiua, or the dismemberment of the tainly add to Fighting Joe’s claims for Chinese Empire. The destiny of China,
k o,tlhood :	I he added, was as impossible to foretell as | por i]ie nreater convenience
, ,	_	, it was to tell what was occurring on a cer-
The moat noticeable feature of the fin tain island within a cert lin palace at Pe of ))UJ Customers An addition ancial statements which appeared in last kin. All that Her Majesty’s government ‘	”	9
Saturday’s Canada Gazette is the an nouncement that during January the Gov
J. H. SHAW.
ELLIOTT & BARBER.
Everyone interested is request-
Shawville, January 24, 1899
NOTICE
TO FARMERS.

wan concerned with at present was to see I fO ?HV Storehouse at Bristoly that the treaties were fully observed, that
ernuient found it necessary to float a tern the interests of British subjects were safe* / hare erected tlVO U6W Store purary loau in L-muon fur £o00,000 the I guarded, and that nothing was dune by
increased revenue from cu.tums and ex China or any other nation to compromise | houses----One at McKee’s and
cise, which is being taken out of the peek* their rights.	I
ets of the people not sufficing to meet the Referring to the Soudan, the Premier the Other at Woman's— lavish expenditure, both on account of 8Hid that Great Britain had dominion by
consolidated fund and on capital account ^e title arising from the fact tî. <i the 0)1(1 am prepared tO OUI/
in which the Government is indulging. Soudan formed part of the terriioiios of j // » • j /•	»	,	,	——-------
lac%suss-urst; tt"im*. . r, •. |The ^ *<,
Ihd ex jieudu ui c ^ti,540,OUt), ns cum pared I quest. Any revival ot the claims of titles J Cw)ll\)lyjO) U fl IC/l i IVZli pay wuh $6,206,000 in January lajt; s«> that which events had swept away could not .,	, . .	.	.,	,
while the revenue only increased $38.000, I sustained by historical precedent or *"¦$ nll/nGSt price the market the expenditure on account of the con- international law.	•//	//
eolidated fund was $334,000 more than So far as the Czar’s rescript was con* ' iri" OllOU\ last year.	I corned Lord Salisbury said no one could
doubt the purity and humanity of the Em.
Iieror’s motives.
“I should heartily rejoice,” he contin-The Imperial Parliament was opened I ued, “if the conference achieved an hum'
on Wednesday lm>t, and with it, cables a bier aim and if by the steady use of the I to the Montreal and Like Maskinonge, I the	stock comprises	a	nice	line	of
correspondent, “ attention to (he political principle of arbitration we might dimin- and $5,160 to the Great Northern. There COOKING BOX	AND	PARLOI	R
wo-’ l has again been turned to two im- iah a number of the causes by which war remained, at the date of the report, to be	*
portant subjects—ritualism and the guv- is produced. If by human legislation we paid on the same account, a sum of $9,» ernmeut of London—which it is admitted I could also diminish the horrors of war, 573. being $773 to the Hereford, $7,356 will form the principal items on the legis* I we would render an immeasurable ser- *•» the Great Northern, and $1,443 to the lative bill of fare. An ecclesiastical ses- wee to humanity. Meanwhile, we must Baie des Chaleurs. Since Confederation •ion seems 1 kely to be the outcome of the I follow the example of other nations and (1867). the province has paid for the con-rising controversy over church discipline, be prepared for war. I do not believe «truction of or in aid of railways $15,993,-The prospect is welcomed by neither I this is imminent; but the causes of war 000, and by the Legislation of the past Ministerialists nor respone ble Liberals. I still subsist; and, while doing our best in ten years is still under obligation to pay If it be realized it is certain to lead to I the blessed mission of peace, we roust $900,000 more.
some emhatrassring complications. Last maintain the popular security which gen- The length in miles of the various ays* session the Ritualists had thoir ap orations has given us and which wo hope terns, or parts of systems, in the province olvgists in Parliament. Mr. Balfour to keep.	I is
replied to Sir William Harcourt’s expos- I The debate on the address to the reply I Intercolonial.....
urea by suggesting that the attack wos in* to the Queen's speech at the opening of Quebec Central.....
sincere, and when he questioned the tas»e I Parliament yesterday was continued in Grand Trunk.........
of discussing the subject at all in a sec the House of Commons to day. Sir Ellis Canada Atlantic......
ular assembly the sentiment was cheered Ashmead-Bartlett, Conservative, moved Quebec and Lake St. John
by Mr. John Morley. Feeling has since I an amendment asking the government Vermont Central............
undergone a considerable change. Mr. I to take early and effective measures to Boston & Maine.........
Balfour has become a convert to the flar I assist China to maintain her territorial in- Temiecouata...
court view, while Sir William has acquired I dependence and to enforce the policy set Canadian Pacific.
an authority on the question which must I forth in the resolution of the House of St. Lawrence & Adironack
inevitably have the effect of thrusting him Commons of March 1, 1898.	Hereford.........
into a leading position in the debate. Ou I He argued that was the only possible Orford Mountain... the whole, the outlook can scarcely be de-1 policy for Great Britain. The speaker Pontiac & Renfrew
scribed as encouraging for the new Liber- I further asserted that the policy of spheres United Counties.
si leader. If the question is raised on an I of influence meant the partition of China Mont ford Colonization amendment to the address, which is prob I and it was doubtful, in his opinion, if L’Assomption ably, he is certain to find his predecessor I Great Britain would have the support of Lotbiniere & Megantio leading not only the opposition but a pot- the United States in a policy of partition, Philipeburg Junction..
¦ible majority of the House	at	the	very	I whereas he believed Great Britain	was	New Rockland.......
outset of the session.	I	assured of the support of the United	Ottawa & Gatineau....
Another important matter	is	the	Lou	I States if she went in for the effectue	pol-	Great Northern.
don Government bill, by which	Ministers	I icy of maintaining China’s integrity.	Ottawa Valley.......
propose to cut the capital up into as many I	_________m	Pontiac Pacific Junction
as thirty municipalities. Such a measure	Baie dee Chaleurs.....
is bound to give rise to pro’onged, if not Quebec s Hallways and Thoir Cost to Great Eastern........
acrimonious, discussion. While theG iv* I	Province	Quebec, Montmorency & Charlevoix. .30
ernment have evidently taken the lesson I	t	~	. Cap de la Madeline
of the election, of la.t March to heart, for . The rePort°f Hon‘ Mr: Du<ty	South Shore.............
the scheme i, far leas drastic than any of 8l,on®F public work,, «how, the length Ohateauguay and Northern the fantastic proposals of last year, it still I of	Quebec, at the close of the Carillon & Grenville..
bears the unmistakafcli hind of Toryism I y-"r k 1* Uk?’ ‘i hlT8 bden 'niles of I East Richelieu Valley....
The City of London, for m.t.noe, remain. *h.ch 2.802 m,le, was constructed after ¦
untouched. It i. treated a. sacred territ- *•* July;k18®' ' he date f. Confederation.
ory, and its administrative constitution. Du"n« th.e *wel.Te mon,h' «£• Pro,mce
aasrt raœæ I sttsws sssr: r
relic. For the rest, the new man icipslitiee are apparently to be of the character of slightly glorified vestries.
BUSINESS
CHANGE.
NEW
GOODS
NEW
GOODS
111
form the people of Shawville and rounding country that they have bought
out the Tlnemlthlng Business and Stock,	,	.
of Mr. HARRY PERRY, In Shawville l,a88,n8 lnl° Btock * complete range
and that they Intend carrying on the .................
same In the old stand-opposite the Rua* sell House. By strict attention to business and square dealing they hope to merit a fair share of the public patron-
sur
I am now receiving and
FALL GOODS
E. GRAHAM.
Imperial Parliament Opened.
Ki inside. Oct. 17th. im
OF ALL LINES
age
To which 1 wish to call the attention of my customers and the public generally.
-STOVES-
O’ The goods have been selected with great care and bought at close figures, and it is my intention to share both of these ad-
STOVE FURNISHINGS,
COOKING UTENSILS, TINWARE, AGATEWARE, Ac
—of all kinds satisfactorily done, at—
[MODERATE PRICES.
vantages with intending purchasers.
GEO. W. DALE. BOB!. A. DALE.
SiLAS YOUNG
449	• T.—The Highest Oath price paid for
212 “idea and Pelts.
470 Shawville, N 3 r. 15,1898.
Starke’s Corners.
63
249
121
ARMS rORTHl
?
39
??
69
NDfK
^chosen .with &
1,016
v
m
20
Furniture Furniture Furniture,
good quality and of all styles at
Amazingly Low Prices
FOR CASH.
63
5
26
5
59

32
9
3
• •
28
:)
»
6
4
<
x.
...66
»
À

86
xX
\
6

71
i
L*
98

12

«4»
<
2
Marlin Repeaters /
Jav®,Solid Topa, shedding water like a f matloQ about powdere.blsck and smoke-
far. tSSSJ!S\3S&BX
46
12
12
20
?
One of the Ontario Government's dairy farms last year coat $1,913 to ran and produced $602 worth of stuff. It would seem to be a place where the farmers would learn what net to do.
$15,1911 The Imperial Parliament has rei 60,000 the amendment to the addrees deploring 120,000 the lawlessness in the Church of England. Speaking on the de- There was alee paid, in conversion of I The majority of the members seem to be bate in reply to the speech from the I land subsidies, a sum of $26,090, being I wisely agreed that the deploring shall he throne. Lord Salisbury's speech created a | $9,666 to the Bais das Chaleurs, $11,375 * left with the lawleasncro—in the Ohoroh.
JAMES MCARTHUR,
bream
111!
l
y?£E
Quebec, Montmorency and
Charlevoix............
East Richelieu Vall» y..
Greet Northern...........
acted
M
ill
?
For Price* on MAKL1N8, (any calibre) consult YOUR NBARE8T DEALER
London, Feb. 8

###PAGE###5###
All Suits
piece In HU possession. —Curried.
Moved by coun. W. O. McDowell, see- I IV)Ont fé onded by oouo. James Robinson, that irV^	1YIQK6
John D*gg be paid for 19 cedars used I	%
between Lots 6 and 7, on the 9ih Range, at 30 cents each.—Carried.
Moved by ooun. John Smiley, seconded by ooun. W. A. Hodgins, that the .-Treasurer be and is hereby instruct -od to collect the taxes due without fail, with costs if necessary. —Carried.
At this juncture the Council adjourned.
UutiH MathK.HON,
Sec. - Treasurer.
I
at
0UP
Bovv
PRACTICAL WATCH MAKER
Cut Prices DURING JANUARY.
A. R McGUIRE,
the tailor.
hy
To the public for the liberal patronage given us during the Holiday Season, and desire to express our appreciation of the
We have had the best year’s business wo have ever had, and with the general outlook more encouraging in anticipation of a still greater business during the year which has just been ushered in..........................
Sec
and
JEWELLER
1
A MELKi T Hfix K 09
WATCHES,
CLOCKS, JKWtii.LBitT, HiLVtfK WARM Ac. Ac.

same.
m

Shawllle Connell
i
we are
Minutes of a regular session of the Mu
m
KkiaiHINi.
Property_for Sale.
The undersigned olT-rs for sale that portion	__	_
or his property being north of main street,	Members present, Mr. Mayor, O. F
BSHtBSHi fine dtsi? A-ij-b
order. The property will be sold In whole J. A. Cowin
SIrMr»riVMr0h*,er' For'ermH,‘,,d Moved by ooun. McRae, .econded by
H.YMVKLH. McDOWELL, ooun. Donaldson that minutes of last Opposite Premises. meeting be adopted—Carried.
Moved by ooun. Donaldson and onded by ooun. Shaw that O. F. tiodgins be re-elected Mayor of the Municipality, —Carried.
By the undersigned, who will [reeelve* ten-1 Mayor Hodgina here stated that lowInJVinH.1!1 February- Inst.. for the foi- much as ho was interested iu a proposi
sbssiiaa
Four cord. Hemlock, t feet long.	w« b.mK dueuaed.
Four cords Pine, a feet long	. Two propositions were read—one from
Dry wood preferred	James Wilson, offering to bui'd and put
Tenders on other kinds ol wood may be m operation a mill, provided the Council
RALPH W. HCDOINR. grant him an acre of ground as a free site. Box 46, Hhawvllle. The other proposition from Jas. Fades,
- I John D Jan and O. F. flodgins asking for 20 years exemption of municipal taxes.
Moved by coun. Cowan, seconded by coun. McRae that the proposition of W.
J Fades, O. F. Hudgins and John Do-
2 Second-hand Binders, ÏÜ.T.tt.SS'ïï Hpr2ï,' L,
Mowers, Jecfc to t*ie fallowing conditions Said ... proposed grist mill to be of the capacity Drills, of seventy five barrels of flour per day ot Donpor 24 hours; to be built and put in running XVOilJur, order in time for next season’s wheat
Plows,
nicipal Council of the village of Shawville, held on Monday, the Gth day of Feb’v. 1899.
w
a Mi e- iali rv
SHAWVILLE, 6
O
Suifs
REDUCTION SALE FOR CASH NOW COINC ONFisl
of all Winter Goods
I
Htiaw ville,Feb’y 7,1899
Good-fitiing
Up-to-Date
sec
Wood Wanted
Consisting of Overcoats, Caps, Muffs, Gloves,
Mitts, Moccasins, Underwear,
Horse Blankets, Bells, &o.
Odds and Ends—half the former price.
mae
ALWAYS TO BE HAD FROM
IUT»
C. FRAME,
A 1.80
WHITE GOODS ;
Everything in Linens, Table Covers.
WHITE GOODS REDUCED Sideboard Scarfs,
Bureau Drapes,
THE TAILOR
pOR SALE, CHEAP.
who insures the future custom of those who leave an order with him
for the next month.
our
A Trial will convince.
2 •'
(<
GROCERIES.
2
<<
it
Shawville — Que.
l
u
a
A full line of choice Fresh Groceries
Our Coffee, Tea and Cocoa
BEST BRANDS BEST QUALITY BEST VALUES
'7W
crop, »nd to run for at least the term of 1	« r\ ' tt	months annually, failing which it is
1 set Driving Harness, understood that the proposed exemption
1 good Mare, 12 years old.	:%%%
ty A H to be sold at half price, SgiA
JAS. ROBINSON. USSt!*.
Shawville, Jan. 30, 1899.	,n,d *n County of the same capacity.
—Carried.
Mr. Mayor 0. F. Hudgins again resumed the chair.
Moved by coun. D malison and onded by coun. Cowan that the auditor’s
report of 1898 be accepted.—Carried.
Moved by coun, McRae and seconded
by coun. Cowan that the bill of James	,	...	,
Fades for operating the road maker be m, accordance with the agreement enter-
paid.—Carried.	uu info by the said parti vs with the Mu-	---- I An Inspection of these flr* ass Rigs is re-
At this juncture the Council adjourned niciH Council of Shawville; and further	The Clergy of the Diocese of pelll. | «Pectfuliy Invited.
J. K lioRNRR, O. F Hodui ns ' that the chairman shall secure a bond broke received last week from His Lord Sec.-Treasurer.	Mayor from the aforenamed parties that in the ship Bishop Lorrain, the following circa
J ' event of their failure to carry out the lar modifying the ordinary Lenten régula above agreement, a penalty of $50.00 tions.
Shawville School Commissioner's	parties
Meeting	said by this School Board
For the motion :—Yeas,—Hugh Hobbs, I that terrible malady ua wippe,
Meeting of S. Commissioners held this Jno. A. Cowan.	present so prevalent throughout our coun
Lnd day of February, 1899, at which	Against Nay,—Geo. M. Donaldson, try, I consider that I have sufficient
were present, commissioners W. A. Hod-	Motion declared carried.	son to modify the regulations which have
gnis, Cowan and Donaldson.	H. Lang, Sec.-Treasurer. in previous years been in force in this
Minutes of last meeting read. Moved	----?------ diocese concerning the fast and abstinence
by com. Dt>naldson and seconded by com.	yree for Farmers.	of Lenf
Cowan, that the minutes of last meeting	____ In conformity with the example of the	—,	_____...
n0M^ai i A,loPte<l;-c»rried.	three p.,vnd samples of tested variet other Bishops, and particularly that of	SliaWVlll0
n ?,	^°?lan» seconded by ies of grains to be given each our Metropolitan, His Grace the Arch-
Donaldson, that Mr. W. D. Armi	applicant.	bishop of Ottawn, and by virtue of the Sash SLTLQL DOOT FaCtûîV.
tage be employed to teach the Academy	___ powers conferred upon the Bishops of the	____ "
department in the absence of Miss Seifert A circu’ar letter has been issued by ^hole world by the Pontifical Decree of « n j- n tt j • n • * on same terms and conditions as present pruf. Saunders, director of Government !Irtn,mry 14th, 1892, I decree the follow- MuCMiG & MglUS. PfOIUlOtOrS,
M |WhrCttme^ i ,	Experimental Farms, with respect to the m* dl9C1Phne for season of Lent this F	'
• >\e y com, Donaldson and second- fre<? distribution ef seed samples. It ia I yciir :	Seslies. Doors, Mouldings, Blinds, etc.,
t<i by com. Cowan, that Dr. Knox be aa followa:	. TIl° (!nly days of fasting and ab- manufacta ed to order.
allowed the sum of one dollar and forty “For the past ten years systematic I N^nence during Lent will be the Wednes- All kinds of Matching and Planing doneon 75 cent*.	®ents 0,1 Pr“ year’s school tax, being	efforts have been made to increase the av-	% and ^days of each week, Saturday	"bo, test notice.
___	für^ne pupil, deceased.—Carried.	erage returns and to improve the quai	I 2f the Eniber Day (Feb. 2oth), and Holy	Estimates Furnished.
‘	n	jy com. Cowan, seconded by	ity of the cereals and other important	‘ *turday (April 1st)
‘M HULL BLEW GO.
Regular session of the Council this day I Meeting adjourned	seed of the best and most promising In making known to your parishioners	—
Members present—Mr. Mayor Thomas I	H.Lano, Sec.-Treas. I sorts These varieties have been tir»v these extraordinary mitigations, remind Cam run at intervals of twenty minutes in
} lërsSSœ	===—•
___, , . m ..___,	At 8 special meeting of School Commis- tioa. The sample, sent out have con-	,4 s, f. f0!?î£ena?tl0". for these favors close oonnecllon. are ma.ie wliu all Cana-
Minutes of -ast mooting read.	I Hioner«s held at the office of Sec.-Treas tained three pounds each, and every ore- which the Church, with such tender sol- dlan Paslflc and Oallneau Valley trains at
Moved	by	coun.	John	Stewart, second	urer this 9th day of February. 1899, at	caution has been taken to hare the seed	lclfcude for the welfare of her children, so	Hull and with Pontiac	Pacific at Aylmer,
ed by	ooun.	Thoe	Me Faria ne,	that the I	which were present, commissioners W.	in every instance thoroughly clean and	kindly grants, exhort the faithful to do
minute, of last meeting aa now read be A. Hudgins, Donaldson, Hobbs and Cow- true io name, and the packages have been votti themselves with more zeal and fer-and are hereby confirmed.-Carried. an, (Com. Wilson being absent from the sent free through the mail. Those who vor ™an ®ver toJhe practice of interior Moved by coun. John Stew in t, second-1 Municipality), Chairman in the chair, huve received such samples and grown ""unification. Entreat them to abstain ed by c«uu. W. A. Hudgins, that coun. Secretary Treasurer also present, the them with care have usually had at the "om worldly pleasure and profane amuse-Thos. McFarlane be and is hereby ap minutes of last meeting having been read end cf the second year enough seed to ™*ots, bo carefully avoid the occasion of pointed mayor of this municipality for -It was moved by com. Cowan, seconded sow a large area, and in this manner «n, and to be constantly faithful to the the ensuing term .-Carried unammou.ly. by com. Donaldson, that the minutes of careful tarznors all over the Dominion Practice of prayer, good example and Moved by coun. John Stewarr,	last meeting now read be adopted.—Car- have been gradually replacing any infer- ai?l8^l.vin4;	,,
onded by W. C. McDowell, that a vote of ned.	lor ftI1(j |eee productive aorta which they 1 faym8 God to keep you in good health,
thanks of thia Council be and i. hereby Moved by com. Hobbs, seconded by have been growing m the past with au- and to bless your labors during the holy tendered to Mayor Thos. Prendergast for com Cowan, that whereas certain of the perior varieties posaeMr ' greater vig- ®e»fon of Lent, and make them l>ear ab-the able and agreeable manner in which resident ratepayers of this Municipality or	'	undant fruits of sanctification.
ha has filled his term of office.-Carried, to wit; George F. Hodgins, James Fades, By instruction o. thehon. minister of v . I remain very .sincerely,
—* t— —— T^*—	---- —^ 1	T-1— ^ 1	•	- -	....... I Your devoted servant in Jesus Christ.,
N. ZEPHIRIN,
Bishop of Pembroke.
2
((
U
“READY
-FOR-
The Winter Trade
SIX
t
HAVE A REPUTATION THAT IS UNSURPASSED
mi
o
G. F. HOGGINS'

intending purchasers win And me
1 now in readiness for th*» approaching WTuier trade with a largt- stock of
. . Departmental Store.
TARIFF OF TOLLS
GUTTERS
sec
P. S.—Fish.
To be Collected during Season OF 1899 BY
The Quinze Rapids Improvements Company, Limited,
For use of Improvements.
Got up in the latest a ml most stylish designs and finish.
Lenton regulations for 1000
—o
Aa usual 1 nui prepared to execute all orders for
Sloops, Sleighs, &c.,
Pembroke, Ont., Jan. 31st, 1899. On account of the ravages wrought by ,lf '	44 La Grippe ”	"
Sawloge, 17 feet and under in length, per thousand feet board measure 5 cents.
Red and White Pine, Tamarac,
Spiuce and Hemlock, round or flat ed, over 17 feet and under 30 feet long, per thousand feet board measure....
Red and White Pine, Tamarac,
Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, 30 feet and upwards in length, per thousand feet board measure.............
Red and White Pine, Tamarac,
Spruce and Hemlock, square or waney board, per thousand cubic feet...........
or anything in connection with the Rlacksmithing business.

ARTHUR SMILEY,
SHAWVILLE. QIE.
Oj cents.
com
7 J cents.
Olsrendoa Oounoil
Baggage promptly handled
W. R. TAYLOR,
Sec.-Trea*
Piuac Pacific Joaclioa By.
]« nas iiiivii me term or omw. carried, to wit; Uforge F. Hodgins, James Hades, •* By instruction o. thehon. minister of Moved by coun. John Stewart, sec And John Dolan, having waited on this of agricultural, another such distribution onded by coun. Thomas Prendergast, that School Board, at a meeting of the said is being made this season, consisting of Mayor McFarlane be and is hereby in Board duly convened for the purpose of mam plea of oats, barley, spring wheat, etructed to arrange further with John obtaining exemption from school taxes	* '	e
Little or anyone elee to furnish 60 cedar* a certain niece of land and the buildi more for the front, to be left where they be erected thereon, to In* umH ,
- •	4	#	* m#	" 11 s	"	UmvU	<S 1
null Mill any sfcorehouses connected there* I irom euciene» ur iuuiviuimh wiuauv v*
m. T> J	I yith for ,the U8e ot 881(1 mill; be it there- considered, and only one sample in all
SeISMI Bases'..............................................
oompany with ll Inspector, Henry B.	nually as commutation money, namely;	which the lists will be closed, so that all	Madrid, Feb. 10*—The Supreme Court,	8.80	••
Hudgins. Carruid.	the sum of three dollar# per year for a	samples asked for may be sent out in good	which has had under consideration the	HÎ	"
Moved by coun. Thos. I rendergast,	perlod <>f ten years from the erection of	time for sowirg. Parties writing will	lose of the Spanish squadron at Santiago
seconded by coun. John Smiley, that the! the said mill and other buildings on said	kindly mention the sort or variety they	de Cuba, on July 3rd last, has decided to
Sffrasttaacga * I stînft......................................................................................
due by Wm. Hodgtns for municipal and I construct the said flour mill ami nth*
bonus tax previous to him taking the buildings and have the same in ooeraHnn
Official Time Table :
5.45 Leave
8 0i
Aylmer ? Breckenrldge t’Kardley Parker*» Crossing ?’Mohrs Quyon Wyman's ?Tana Bristol McKe«*s Shawville Clark’s
Campbell*» Bay ?Tank
f ?Vinton
Cou longe •Mellon» Waltham
Arrive 9.46
9.21
8.12
field peas, indian corn and potatoes.
s to I These samples will be eent only to those The budget speech of the Provincial flour who apply personally. List» of names Treasurer of Ontario, delivered laat week, — 1 from societies or individuals cannot be shows a deficit of $165,000
9.08
on
6.18
8.58
6 28
M
ip
8.5»
6.87
8 40
are wanted; that is 100 cedars in all Carried.
6.47
If
l«
8 22
6.56
••
8.14
658
80S
Hugh Ryan, the well known contractor,
7 04
•i
•«
8 02
7.26
7 52
7.45
7.81
8.00
««
7.18
•«
7.16
7.06
6.64
•«
6.90
B-56 Arrive
Flag Station. tTank. f’Flag Station.
—------,---,, rw,.w|__________r_______ and should the available I prosecute in connection with the disaster, I ------
¦aid parties build and | stock of the sort asked for be exhausted, | Admiral Carvers and Commandant Emilio at Aylmer.
Dial de Keren, former captain of the de-1 itroyed cruiser Cristobal Colon.	1
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway
e other good verify
will be
P. W. RE8SKMAN,
onruuL atTreiuNTiNDirr
•ame in operation1 place.
*
\ -



###PAGE###6###
!
X
have iht- oommlsaarr rl the
ai
aï-ï'-îtaïî
THE SUNDAY SCHOOL.
treasurer
#.. , „
^MBRS
•mmm i*ii iMBU
s#g mmm wmm mmmmmm
rmm sms iüüs eüsëpsSh
iiwi mmm# hé=s îüüü
=iis?si ipf Ü mmm mmm mmm
mightier and society purer. Hull <>n, « alls *a n ”.‘‘vep Ym-n ccs g,e,v along burned up	. wel| chosen. It is near ihe southern aa nourishing. I wo small fishes. A
EEEHE3	ElSip|£|	EHHS	IehESs
EHHE=	ES.EHSÏ EEFHH'E gglsi
Let all armies he routed, if from ven. on shoulder» of in^bKJ ^ ^ js gle:lt and glorious world If iu name lo ,be sea on and around ()f ,lol,uiation. The fish this little boy «hairspring the new Heaven and new where art thou# J ^ ^ aI18wer. for the bringing ou of that glorious 2 A greHl multitude followed him.	Th*re was much grass in
r^sr*	«.tSJ rjwa,'.»r^ t«« :‘r=*
—=£™ sg.=c ;=mmm± =mmm
They ruled society as with a sceptre. IEJulh, ]	> who bids for u ( Life is very much like this da) th,<)“* of such great crowds. D routed in five thousand. Doubtless to number
;««¦¦¦¦
iS?SIÉü IliS^rSSi e>“ “ f-	ggsg#
EtîirtztfEE^S g5js5s.6M^B .^.îïvir^ifèr; s»3^3st“jS'H
isiishsi mmm	mmm mmms
mÊmmMmmmïîmrnmm'Êmm
mmaagsssmmamm
romantic school-boy sits on the crumb-, I look at the changing >h,ipt °	,1S cracks, and from the iug*	, tAon.	wag nigh, pure in character, kind to his fellows,
¦¦¦IP*
I############
under the observation of the American conical th ape x'l,n no	miracle in the evening. Come unto
Thenar th^ll The iL changing, the hen a	muff%a red- ulZ PhiDp^ His conversation with
nSi“stssrra». *•*««— 1	»—*•
vaster than the
THIS HHÜEETAIN WORLD !
lu*
INTERNATIONAL LESSON. FEB. 19
REV. DR. TALMAGE DISCUSSES AN INTERESTING SUBJECT.
nut
Thoumlitl
lima tv ho plea haul
i v
the year, ti. This
rnmlll
To
He Speak» of
Minima iehlrreraenl» t'rnmlile 4w«>
The Hr. t all» «he Roll of king».
and Arll»l»—Rven Ihe I'Jirlli I» t hanging
Shape tirent fonwalatlon In >4all*lug
With t lirl»l
, he hinl to prove him
i ni h and t<> t « -mi »•
pennyworth oi
The worth
al» ui
about seventeen cent! pennyworth
Rev. i>r
following text:—“The fashion of this
Corinthians,
world passeth away.”—1

vii. 31

a i

on earth are
ter

i he
at about
walked with au air of opulent dashed down behind well-groomed
steeds clattering on As they passed, all hats were lifted as they entered a room, all conversation was hushed or turned upon th m
the pavements
Not
i
Had
cart man s
let
METEOROLOG[CAL -PHENOMKNON
The buran, or snow hurricane of the Pamirs, is a meteorlogical phenomen-
Even in naidaum-
snow
st reel corner,
In the antiquarian's library knowing where they tread, the Tennyson», and Longfellows, and Bancrofts, walk over the graves of historians and poets, taking by storm the libraries of the world, mounting up on ladders of shelves until they plant their batteries of tight and truth on the very height:# of knowledge. The great libraries at the Vatican, and in Munich and D-rsden, are only the Westminster Abbeys to which royal I woks have been buried. The tooth at Time is gnawing away at reputation that it
on of great interest
the temperature during a
mer
buran frequently falls to 14 degrees
the winter of
Fahrenheit, while in 189^-93 it dropped to 15 degree i below zero at the end of January. The buran comes with startling sudden-ihe atmosphere growing dark
mow flakes whe e
ness,
with
tea reel y a minute before the sky v *« perfectly clear.
whirling
was
C
###PAGE###7###
I When Queen Victoria goes to France! ^	^	/i i mr •	¦	^
In the Hpring extraordinary precau- ¦ UTC I tfl, ( 100(1 ValUC, LOW PflCC
HERS AND THERE.
i
I
I Was
t ere represented by
LUDELLA
«orne Peculiar Thluge Which Hure Map l»cnc«l in VarlouM Paris of lhe World.
A lively and venerable goose struts
•round the yard of John Guisa, in f
Crawford County, Ohio. It was brought £
from Germany by John's father, Ah- p ram (juins, in 1839* and Is nearly 00 ê yearn old. Last Spring it raised four 4 goslings.	A
Two pulleys, with wooden handles at- f tached, are fastened to a window. By | f of a Jar wou,d make mc 8,1°ut
à with pain. I was afraid I f should be a cripple for life,
\ prescriptions did me no good, f Finally 1 sent for a bottle of Hood’s Sarsaparilla, which
tion will be taken by the police. Not only will she be accompanied by detectives disguised, but a battue of suspected people, will be driven out before her arrival, and a veritable cordon of detectives will prevent anarchists arriving in her neighborhood. The French detective» will he aided by experienced officers from other coun-. tries. Precautions of a similar charao- J ter were adopted during the visit of ? the Russian Kmperor.	| ?
?
Completely
Helpless
With Rheumatism.
o
Lead packages—
21.30,40. 50 and 80o.
Could not move, the least bit
i
?
WE RE AFTER YOU
i
:
#
pulling one handle the window ascends; by pulling the other the window descends. This is a recent English invention, and the ladles highly commend it.
Mats are spread under, the houses of the better class in the Philippines, to exclude dampness, and are daily removed and dried in the sun. Nearly all living and sleeping rooms are about six feet above thu ground, with un open space underneath.
Topers in many of the towns of the
Argentine Republic are shamed into
reform ition by being compelled to
sweep the streets for eight days for | each offense. Respectability is
cu.se for leniency, and it is not a ___
sight to behold a man in a dress suit toiling in the company of ragged tramps.
as
+

:
Hr Are or Ohio, City of Toledo, I
Lucas County,	/	.	*
Kkank J. Chunky make* oath that he Is the T urn lor partner of me firm of K. J. CiienBy 3t T I'o. rleiiiK buainesH in ihe City of Toledo,
A I I nunty And Hi ite, aforesaid, snrl that said firm A
r I will pay the sum o ONK HUNDRED DOIr 1 w LARS for each and every cane of Catarrh that, rannot be cured by the use of Hall's
Datasse Cubs,
BUT WREN YOU READ THIS
•«.
1
».
YOU’LL BE AFTER US
?
;
i
helped me much, and two bottles more put me on my feet so * that I could walk without a crutches. I was soon well enough to work on my farm." W. H. Rhoads, Windham, Vt. ,
Hood’s Sarsaparilla is pre- f pared only by C. I. Hood & Co., Lowell, Mass. Sold by all dealers. Price $i.
:
?
We do not offer you SOMETHING FOR NOTHING, but we do say that your dollar is worth two hundred and fitly cents in these propositions —
*
?
l
?
i
i
FRANK J. CHKNKY. Sworn to before me and nubsoribed in my pre*enoe, this 6th day of December, A. D. 188d.
A. W. GLEASON,
BACK

|BEAL |
Notary Public
m
?
Hail'* Catarrh Cure la taken Internally, and i * art- direst ly on the blood end mucous wurface» ? »f thu nyittein. Kend for t' Mtimonials, free.	4
r. J. CHENEY & 00., Toledo. 0.	4
Sold by Druggnt*. 76c.	I 4
Hall e Family 1*111» are the best.	I •

?
1
:
4
no ex-rnre
?
I
Proposition No. 1 Send us one dollar of your own, or some other person's money, and we will send two copies of THE LADIES'
JOURNAL to any addresses you may^desire, and also send you, as a FREE GIFT your choice of
a high-class pearl or ivory
—v handle Pocket Knife—ladies’
o ) ---------------;-----------—
__/ or gents’ —a pair of Embroid-
?
:
+
f
A MORNING RAISE.
Did you get a raima this year?	, #
Yea; the boss gave me that alarm | 4
clock

Several society people iu Washington along the roof and off the edge, c_
started an "early to bed club." It ox. Ing a fall which has laid him up with
isted about three weeks, when a min- Ia ^roken afm#
ority of the members discovered that while they were in their couches at I tor for the wife of Morris Persky of ttm healthful hour ofl nine, Ihu major- New York City. She waa auth-rimr
&iïT. :.tc & ikrsi a ;™>, ¦	*» *—¦ »«¦
going to bed early—early in the morn- fami,lar with the usual method of
Lug.
onus-
1

Ilot whisky was prescribed by a doc-
N
ÎHÔmAS’PHOSPHATEPOWDEP'
?
O
?
!
ery Scî*8ora or a Sterling Silver Souv
cnir Spoon
salaries of burgomasters in I 2
.	„	, | ^	¦ pre-
parmg hot whisky, so ho put it on the,	n	    ,	.
stove to heat. Presently there was an	1 rustila	are ^7, >00	in Berlin, $6,000 in	I	J
explosion, nml the ignited alcohol sev- Breslau, and Cologne, $5,000 in Eber- ? er ly burned Per sky's two-year old	and Kassel, and so on down to Î
child and aet fire to the house.	Erfurt,	$'J,.500,	1	*
The
:
Proposition No. a
.	If you will send us Fifteen new Sub*
sci ibers at rilty Cents each, we will present you with a handsome G mi-metal Ladies' Chatelaine Watch, with beautiful bow and dress attachment,—an
:
The biggest rats ever seen In Brussels have lately infested one of the fashionable streets there,
Berckmona. Every house on the street
has been made a runway for the rodants, and in some oases the residents have fled from their dwellings, seeking abodes elsewhere to laugh at the poisons and traps set to ensnare them.
t
excellent timekeeper—all the rajgg •] and just the thing no lady wants to be without now a-days. I These are honest, business propositions.
the Hue
»
: Î ?
:
A Cleveland lady, who was about to cross a crowded thoroughfare of that city, politely asked the assistance of a
gentleman who stood beside her, and Carbolic Disinfectant* Soaps, Olnt*
^„ted"^d\trfuoni,'armpAîréî
EHHE'HE	*
slstance is ofb red. W hen dynamite is
on the ground the explosive force is downward; when it is placed on the . TT ,
side of a wall, its greatest force is | “e (	*<>,000 from the bank
carefully conoeaPd the
U I* € 958
s
?

CALVERTS
“The Ladies’ Journal" is a large 36 page domestic and Illustrated fashion monthly, printed on fine paper with departments to interest every member of the household. You will not
regret vour Fifty Cent Investment.
{ script ion is One Dollar!
J to 10 lb,e (>ur list in order to secure more advertising at better rates • account of increased circulation.

!
The rats seem
:
_____ The regular yearly sub-
XVe cut this amount in two bt cause we want
?
on

?
ENGLAND
?
l THE LADIES’ JOURNAL, 73 Adelaide St. W
Mr. J Tl. Laird, of Kirkwood, 111., has a very interesting little daughter.
and
*
sf. •?>
>nto, Ci
VONTRFAI
The “ Balmoral," Free Bus	*
4
»
/

Mille Mille A Halos
™ tiToh I ICroak-M in, APPLES, BUTTER, ECCSo, P0ULTR1
mond dt, W„ Toronto. |	ebll>lh,m ^
The Dawson Comm ssion Co., ltn%ited,
*0.
against the wall; when placed under
object, its force is cheifly in an upward some paiera direction
LAW
an
money among
The interesting little daughter is extremely tidy; and while Fred Erickson was attending an cleaning up the room she threw the
engine in the Kansas City pumping paPfr1 an<* ni0l*‘y into a blazing stove.
entirely unaware that her father had no much money to burn.
FREE BOOKLET.
(iUIDE TO HEALTH.
t
>
^3
AUSACl CASINOS—New Importations finest English p sod American Hog Osslngs—reliable goods»! 4M FA HE, BLACKWELL 4 00., Toronto.
8
She#
Pamphlets and Samples of Material of our Steal Frame
if
station when his hand was caught in
the driving wheel and his arm torn off. William Henderson tried show how the accident happened, and his hand was caught in the same and his arm torn. off. Both men hurried to the hospital, side by side, in the same ambulance.
i
f
DON’T BE IDLE !
Niagara Vapor Bath
RETURNS IN ONE WEEK.
Wo want good Butter, Eggs, Poultry, etc.
Ship to uh, and you will h tve your cuhIi in a wtiuk or lose TIIK AIKKNHKAl) PRODUCE year, and CO., ** Front St.. E , Toronto.
to perpetuate a record of his travels A R1 YOU ARTISTICALLY IHOLINIO 7 If so, we can m foreign parts. Replicas of the medal . teach you BY MAIL in a few week» a branch of art
have, by his directions, been presented	Part?cSar»*riîî0Th2com* I	STRATFORD, ONT.
Government of each country ““Cial	Portraiture. Toronto Junction, On». | TU ^ 0 „ r» A ~ • t yo.trg men and woman
I he King of Siam has ordered a medal to be struck in commemoration of bis tour in Europe last
t-
PREPARE FOR A FIRST-CLASS SITUATION I
to
went to any addrema on receipt of stamp.
Thermometer Attachment and Vaporizer Complete.
Agents Wf»ut<>d for Best Selling
t

way,
were

;
'JA
m
& 9 me moooro vapor Bom co
John Reinhoel, of San Francisco, tried to commit suicide by inhaling Illuminating gas. A friend discover-
4+
17 Vonge St, Toronto.
.3 OLD'S
cd his condition, and he was revived.
The gas, however, caused the formation of a blood-clot in his heart, and after his restoration to
©
N)
CUTTING SCHOOL—^"“4
C. & D. SCHOOL CO., Montreal
consciousness
the clot moved to an artery in his right I v TO CURE A COLO IN ONE day had toabegramPut"’'aDd	,ilnb ! iSSXSHSi ÏSZaP """
A thirty-two pound turkey settled to
th« roof of the Norwalk Hotel in Hart- HEALTH ANI> A COMPETENCE.
sssr
turkey made a dash for liberty, and neighborhood tradesmen. Old Croe- -
In the effort to fly, dragged,' Henry sus must buy twice as much.	filANUMAPAsa
Quite right, answered the trades- 01301
man, but he’s so rich that he pays try I hare spent «0 years’ stud* on this alstreeefng hsbït w hen he gets ready, which may be only °°me Bod	< K. BÀR
once a year, and ono can't afford to __poda.tat, aWQoiicg. s»., Toronto
dun him, while Middleman realizes my a itnrccr o nn needs, pays promptly and doesn’t have L» LUrrfcfc & LU., a fit if I send him a bill.
CATARRH
slogue.
BUILDERS.
Stammerers S£
where, write to
Dr Areott, Btrlln. whe willeootinoeyou he çsu cure yo
Cltenst b fortify f he entire
•nd HAY PEVRR Permanently Cured by Medicated Vapor Inhalation— a miracle of lucceu. 10 Days Trial Free. Send 15c. forexpreeeon outfit
DrA*aJ?,eeu®oeeeful Remedy Ce.,Toronto, Ont
Dr. Antl4?oustii>stlon Pills always cure. London, Eng. Mellwurne, A us. Torouto, Osa.
I he Hon. Joe. Chamberlain # re ont Appeal
•oihe British public to investigate the laoreae. ed developm nfc of infectious dime»so In the
nized germ destroyer and proven tat I vo again## Fevers nnd Ague. Pamphlet* and medicine m tiled from the Canadian Agency.
The BOLD PHARMACAL C0„ Toronto. OARN A HOLE In Three Minutes.
IT CAN CAHIt v ne DONC WITH THE
Swiss Darner. . .
»»d
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
Every stammerer
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA
THIS SETTLES IT.
io«
After a little preo-lloe we pay ladles fit B week * salary whe have Itarued te become Hufticieutly >re-flclent with Till Swiss Dabkbr to*e# as our «gents end to Instruct others Tn their locality. We require thousands of sample darnings for oar bus! ness, and girls »a4 have Tig
Mr. Charles Dean, on Dodd’s Kidney Pills.
CRAIN AND COMMIMIM tfEMMMMTt,
Australian mail now reaches London
rlured They Did After HI* Doctor and Other Mrdlrfnr* Had Failed.
London, Feb. 6.—The publication a	Public Attention
few days ago, in the press of this, and Is present being directed to Cat-other cities, of the statement that Mr. *rrbozone, and much interest, has been Charles Dean, of the City Hotel, had Roused by its marvellous effect upon been cured by Dodd's Kidney Pills, of P1* 18 germs. Catarrh, bronchitis^ a disease that every other remedy he irritable throat, and such] maladies in-had used, failed to even relieve, créât- tilantly disappear when this apparently ed wide-spread comment and discus- m,1<1 pine-scented gas is inhaled. It sion.	penetrates wherever air can go.
The majority of the citizens agreed Messrs. N. C. Poison' & Co., Kingston, that the case wns not a remarkable Unt., have generously intimated that for Dodd's Kidney Pills, which, ! sample outfits of catarrhozone will be
given our readers free, for a short time, if sent for immediately.	|
j;	I Dominion Linem"ü.“,,.lHt,LTH restored sis.rys:
WarteKwwœa I	Barry’s ÆÏ’IL.
f Invariable Success. 100,0(A
Ann.ml flirts of Const i|m. I Q
‘ 8
Du Barry & Co., pu«
BREAKFAST—SUPPER.
40S-1I
X>
TORONTO, ONT.

FREE
We give this fine
WATCH
with chain and charm, for selling two do*. Whitel At Wicks at ten cents each. No Money Required. Write, and we will
¦«to*
QTAMMERERS.
women who
Swiss Darns» cm
\
1a i
’v • '
easily ears from $3 te 9* weekly lu darning samples for us. Tni Swiss DA BN ms will
I \| send the Wick*, postpaid, and otlr big Premium List. When YM you have sold the Wick*, re-Tln turn the money, and we will at

I?

Established
/ A
u
!
I Ut • fresh keel or toe m b sleeking lm tw#
minute». It aaendl table olotke, eertama underwear as 4 all fBkrios with etiu.j sleety and speed, and ft child osa operate II M easily se s crews person. Thb Hwisd Darn»», neatly boa. ed, ooreplete with full ructleBs,teetlmon. Isle, etc , sent to anj M	»¦ 1 <lre«s on receipt ol
rrlee, 30 orrits Sample damlnw. five cent* additional. The Swlee barrier Oo , 73 Adelaide St W„ Torente.
i
Wl
: • » >>
once send your watch free of all charge. Hundreds have earned fine watches working for us, why not you? In writing, mention thie paper.
WM1TELICHT WICK CO.,
TORONTO. CAN.
» J


is
L Metallic Telephone
Tablet	p^j
/The OFFICE SPECIALTY MFC. CO.
LIMIT»,
Toronto end New
t
il.
• r •
one
they said, cure every case of Kidney Disease for which they are used.
Some few persons, however, doubted the accuracy of the report.
To settle the nuestion, once for all, we interviewed Mr. Dean, and asked him if the press reports were true.
"Certainly they are true,” said he. "The only fault they have is that they are not strong enough.
"I used to suffer so much that I had to lie down to get reliet. My doctor said my Kidneys were affected. He gave me medicine, but it didn’t I help me.
"One * day I met Mr. M. L Duffy, architect, who was cured of Kidney j Disease by Dodd’s Kidney Pills. He I advised me to try them, and I did so. When I had taken four doses I was relieved. One box made me a new man. I have taken three boxes, and am completely cured. Dodd's Kidney I Pills cured me. They are worth their weight in gold.”	I
This certainly settles the question. J Nothing further can be said. Dodd's Kidney Pills Cure Kidney Disease—
that Is proved.	I
Those who require Dodd’s Kidney I Pills can get them at all drug stores for fifty cents a box, six boxes for •2.50, or by sending the price to The i Do/P# Medicine Co., Limited, To-
y


PAT Aft-1 ? h:) >
«	\	. 'v.' ,	%
i net
>
X*

n
----	I pa*n*ge-First Cabin. $AV00
1 sSbsKar ss -
others countries.
upwards aovordlng to ¦Mi M ail Inform*Mou apply to Loosl Agent», or David Tomranoe 9c Co.. Oanl Agent*. 17 86. 9»<ir»mt*nfc 8t.. Montreal.
I
3
50 Years
»

iCrvny/l'
ofLOs
O
A
wc

Hundreds
The Dominion of Canada Guarantee and Accident Insurance Comp y
Authorised Capital.
satisfaction	----------
Æîiî'wftt,»
be plated In Cellar, A fctio or B nth Room.
or In any place where there Is a floe or chimney.
Fire required only once in two wtek*. For olrcnlar and price write
JtA
M
Zt/L
Stooeeee
si eo*
y V:

sarwsB:
THE ODORLESS GREHA fORT CLOSET CO
NBAB OFPICB,
010*01 OOOBKRNAM,
President
• - - TORONTO, ONT
4 1. ROBERTS.
Hamilton, Ont,
rooto
Oan Manager

###PAGE###8###
; s
r
Lumber
ANNUAL CHEAP SALE
WATCHES
Bï Mm -
The Boffdlo All-Steel Disc Harrow.
Sawing.
This le the only Dl»c Harrow made or aold In rausd*. having Independent, adjustable hi ring pressure upon the Inner end» ol the «nog discs, allowing any amount of pressure to be throwu upon the Inner ends of the uHiigN. by the foot ol the operator. By thta mi an# a perfectly flexible action Is secured sud i he ground can be worked to a uniform depth. Examine this Machine carefully and compare It with other*.
m

l desire to inform the public that during the mth of February l will do nil custom sawing at $•2.00 per thousand feet, cash, and shingles will bo cut nt the rate of 90 cents
The No. 12 Cultivator

I. s. Dowd's Co*
I
is A MARVEL OF 8U00B8S. The only Cultivator math* that both Hues of teeth will cut an even depth In the ground. Examine H amt you will see why. The only Cultivator with a double tooth set.go that the angle of the teeth can be regulated to suit any condition of noil. Pressure can be regulated to act differently on every section requiring It. The teeth are carried beiween the wheels Instead of trailing behind, am In other machines. thus securing lighter draft. This machine Is furnished with grain and grass seed box when required It has reversible diamond steel points for the teeth ; also extra wide thistle cutting points can be furnished; Examine It and you will buy no other.
NUAvN NEW IUFFALO FaT*NT ALL lT|U	HAMRV»
ARNPRIOR.
IIH
a
Compare Prices with wliat you have been paying.
Sterling Silver Case. Waltham Movement
Sterling Silver Case, 1*. 8. Bartlett, 17 Jewels
2lM ear Gold Filled James Bosk Cast Wallhaiu Movement
20-Year Gold Filled James Boss Case,
»». S. Bartlett..........-.....
35-War Cases with same Movements cost $:t 00 more, viz , 016.00 and $21.5).
gST Every Case stum ed with the maker’s name a rut the guarantee. (N<d h paner guarantee but stamped Into the metal).
every watch guaranteed in every
PARTICULAR.
Sole Agent for the James Boss Cases.
-- )
nuariiutcv.l satisfactory, or money nTumled.
‘‘THELEiDISG BOUSE”
$7.50
«#*##*#***
• • •
• • l
13.00
• • • •
• • •
• • • •
1300
jut thousand
see
TrüSSÏSE-
Over 4C.VOO Drille and Seeders of our manu- Of 5U0OÔSS $ . „ . lloilaC - - -facture In use In Canada. Th# only Drill | made with lever for Instant and perfect regulation of depth of hoe In all kinds of soil, while team Is In motion. Howe absolutely cor reel to scale ; saves meed. at* every kernel Is deposited at a proper depth to grow Purchase only the best and you will be satisfied.
We a so manufacture Binders, Reapers,
Mowers, Hakes, Cultivators and Pulpers, as good a* the beat.
Send for Illustrated catalogue.
{ M.TH.NA4. &r* morn Cviî.WO*
fr-
is 50
JOHN J. M°CLEARY,
SHAWVILLB.
II
Is in always having the RIGHT goods at the right TIMk and at the right PRICKS. Our customers know tliât they can always get just what they
The Fall and Winter 1898 will not find
February G, 1899.
J
want here, season of
ua behind the mark. Every department is now filled with only the best goods desirable for a Canadian winter—Comfortable Furs, Comfortable Clothing Comfortable Bedding, etc., etc., and the prices are as near right as the combined efforts of ready money and years of experience possibly make them.
4 PPLICATION will be made at'the next A session of i In* Parliament of Canada by ihi* Pontiac* Pacific Junction Knllway Company lor an cl to extend the lime for commencing and completing Ita extensions tumid v author!* d : (I) from its present terminus at XV till ham to Ha nil Hto Marie via Pembroke, (*-') 11*011 Ith present terminus at Walt hum In 11 north westerly direction to a point In the County Of Pontiac, and (3) from Its present terminus at Aylmer to a point In Hull, and thence over the Ottawa river to Ottawa ; and also for commencing and completing the bridges authorized to be constructed over the Ottawa River at Allumette Island ; and lor other purposes.
A. FERGUSON,
Solicitor for s Id Company. Dated this 25th day of January, 1HV».
I A COMPAGNIE de chemin de fer Pon-I à tlao et Jonction du Pacifique s'adressera ,	. vu 1	:*L iL„ I au parlement du Canada, A sa prochaine
This department is tilled with me „ess|nn. afin d’obtenir un acte prorogeant
'C	pi SSSSSS
per yard to SI 50 per yatd. Colored salute-Marie via Pembroke, (2) de son term!-Cashmere, and Serge, m .11 the de- nu- aclue, » W.mmm^U.n^une direction
airable colors for this season a wearing. | j|e pontine, et (8) de son term Inn a actuel A
Aylmer Jusqu’à un point dans Hull, et do la sur la »lv 1Ôre Ottawa Jusqu'A Ottawa; et eussl i>«mr commencer el romp ôter les ponts dont la const ruction est autorisée sur la rivière Ottawa A Plie aux Allumettes, et pour d'au res fins
=3
ALL RI PAIRS
GOODWI‘1 - - THE WATCHMAKER,

vMN l*»wL
# S
NOXON BROS. MFC. CO., (Limited)
INGERSOLL, ONT,, CANADA
W. WILSON, Agent
SllAWVILLK, OVE
ÀR.\ P1U OS!, O VT.
faculty for horse trading.
If you don’t throw this in the waste
basket you might hear again from
Scribe
PARKMAK
Go to
Oathbortson
Ss Graham’s
can
Times are prêt y brisk around here, and Mr. Silas Young seems to be plotting by that fact as he is doing a rushing business.
1 a in glad to note That Mr. Ben. Smart is improving somewhat.
Mr. and Mrs. James Wilson were the 5 I guests of Mr. A. S Smart one day last we< k.
Mr. F. Clarke visited a few days among the people of this locality last week. It is suspected F has s- ine attraction here.
A very enj y tble evening was spent n • c ntly by the young people at Mr. Titos. Dean’s.
Miss Maggie Richardson is welcome hack from Pi rtage du Fort.
The Dress Goods
Honor Hollo
Pine Grove School, North Clarendon,
for December.
Grade IV. —1, Norval Homer; 2, May Hobin; 3, Lena Laughren. Grade III.— 1, Eva McDowell; 2, Jennie Pratt; 3, Lila Murphy; 4. Harriet Stanley and Sam Hamilton (equal). Grade II.—1, Percy Smith; 2, l>awrvnce Homer; 3, Effie Wilson. Grade 1.- 1, Harry Horner; 2, Garnet Horner
Department»**..
F «> It
CHEAP
Scotch aud French Plsids in great variety, from 10 cents to (>0 cents per yard.
FURNITURE
A. FKRUU80N,
Solliciteur do la dite compagule Daté ee 25 Janvier l*tW.
Teddik
We have nothing • ohl to show you
January
In the Silk#
Department #
Grade IV.- 1, Etta Laugh ren; 2, Lena Laughren; 3, Laura and May Hobin (equal). Grade III.—1, Lila Murphy; 2; Harriot Stanley; 3, Jennie Pratt IL- 1, Fen la Ralph; 2, Laurence Horner; 3, Effie Wilson. Grade I —1, Harry Horner; 2, Garnet Horner; 3, Langford Horner.
of all lines.
Tenders Wanted.
s e
WEIRSTEAD

Grade
Fell. 11. Jack Frost has been paying a lengthy visit to this vicinity.
Tho muls arc not very good since the storm, but if a certain horse and cutter parses here as often as usual, we expect they will soon be restored.
Miss S. Smiley of Radford, is visiting f; lends here.
Miss J. Drummond. Miss M. Telford, Miss A. Smiley and Miss M If Leach, will spend Sunday at Woirstead.
Mr. W. d. McNeil passed through here today.
Mr. W. K. Smiley of this place, accom pa Tiled by his sister Ida, and Miss K. . Telford paid a visit to friends at Radford last wreck.
Miss Lizzie McCaffrey has returned home from Bristol Mines.
Miss G ribbon is still teaching here, and 1 am glad to say that our young gentleman don't forget her on a stormy night. The visit of the Weirstead ladies to Mr. G. H. Connolly’s, as reported by “ Spy was false. Four Spy! you had better put on your glasses, 1 think you must be a descendant of Ananias and Sapphira. Don't bo discouraged, however; write again; but be sure and write only what is true, and oblige
Some new stork just added an Inspection of which is cordially invited.
yeah <1 Teinter*, mwrked “ Tender for Cheese in a ker.'1 mid " Tender for Secretary,” will he received by the undvrslgmd up to 'titlurday, the l'tli of Febnmry next for a competent ('livuseniHUer and secretary for the Clarendon Chet ge A Butter Co.
For chet-M nvikor i wo forms of tender will be considered, n on* ly :
1—	Chet semaker to a:ate amount tn 1 wages he will accept per month lor making and
oxing ches-e and ke< p ng milk book, the Company to furnish all supplies necessary.
2—	III** < 'h« e>omiiker to state price per 100 pounds for making and boxing cheese, keeping mllk-ts'Ok and airmailingeverything re-qui red to manufacture cheese.
The quantity of cl»» esc manufactured during the pa hi year by this Company was 87.020 pounds.
Tenderers for the position of Secretary max ascertain the nature and extent of the duties of that office bv consulting the Bylaws oi ihe Company wh ch may bo seen by calling on t he uiidvr.dgned.
Th ‘owes! or any tender not necessarily accepted
New, fresh goods of all the latest patterns in Blouse Silks and Colored brocades
J. G. Steven, Teacher
In the Staple Department -
r
uNDEaTAKim? s
SCHOOL NO. 4 CLARENDON.
Grade IV. 1, Janet Kilgour; 2, Frank Corrigan ; 3. A rnold S. McDowell*
Grade 111 —1, Willie Belsher; 2, Law'' rei.ee Belsh* r; 3, Lyman Hudgins.
Grade II. — 1, Ethel Hudgins; 2, Milton Belehev; 3, Pvt ley Belsher.
Grade 1. — 1, Manson McDowell.
M. Matheson, Teacher.
You will find nn extensive range of Canadian and English flannellcttcs from 4 cents to 15 cents per yard.
>	« C « 9 a ? « 4-0 « ®-r S v'CS
; iul 11 is Branch « f our Innim-ss is iqu •* '1 witn
g the be t t ii ba ming app ia ices
1
cessary supplies’!
cb
Blankets and
Comforters - -
OFFICE AND SHOW ROOMS—
A K. SMILEY’S BUILDING,
( We have never shown such * a line of White and Gray l Blankets and Comforters.

A. U MURPHY.
Pres. (*. C. A B. Co
A $20 000 Fire at Buckingham
Ni.xr I'o i it i o Dosa i.dh< s *s J k w kli. k k y Sn>HL
Hhawvllle, Jnn.St, 18W
lull Sir c, - - Mmm
TWOFERS N8 BADLY BADLY BURNED
Ladies W oollen Underwear .

Buckingham, Feb. 10.—The A. D Cameron block on Main Street, occupied by Jam. Lang, Grocer; J«>s. Cyr, butcher nid David Jackson, fruiter; and the ad joining brick store owned by N, A. Bel curt of Draw#, and occupied by L. J Watts, general store, were totally destroy» d by fire about three o’clock this morning.
The Lang and Jackson families had a narrow escape, Mr. Jackson and his daughter being severely burned. These two families escaped in their night clothes and lost everything. Lang has $400 insurance, Jackson $350, and Cyr $200. Cameron had no insurance.
The total loss by the fire is $20,000, on which there is about $7,000 insurance.
¦ *
with, or without sleeves, ribbed or plain, all sizes. The latest nov cities in Ladies Wool, Cashmere and Kid Gloves.
< i I \ W VILLE
A. J. JACKSON.
kii iMg Parlor
Washington
SHAWV1LLE, QUE.
SU AW VILLE
u ux ^ r, -
The Clothing Department# •
BRISTOL
----o
If you require a Hair Cut. or Shave, you are guarantee I *al Islaci Ion at the Shaw ville Hair Dressing Parlour.
Parties wishing to have their razors honed or drest'd cat) have them put lu excellent condition for from 15 to 25 cents.
Try my Hair Tonic.
Feb. 11.—News has reached here, of the death, in Holualo, of Mrs. Pritchard, formerly Miss Maggie Morrison of this place. The bereaved friends have the sympathy of the whole community. Mrs.
Pritchard was held in high esteem by all who knew her.
Mr. Sutherland, of Arnprior, gave all who were present at his entertainment, an interesting trip through Scotland by means of Steropticon views. He started with the ship which would convey you
across the ocean and thence on through	leadership.
the most picturesque and historic parts Dublin, Feb. 10 —The resignation of of Scotland. Mr. Sutherland gave a short J„hn Dillon, anri-Parnellite Nationalist account of each view. He is also an able party in the House of Commons, has performer on the bagpipes,- the Scottish strengthened Irish unity. His resigns-instrument of music. Mr. Sutherland had tion is likely te be followed by the partial his little son with him, who has already retirement <»t John Redmond, the Partaken several prizes for dancing High-| „eilite. The fav.intecandidate for lead-land Fling, Sword Dance, etc. After the views were exhibited he treated his audience to some Scottish music. Among the selections was the 44 Cock of the North " rendered famous since the lmttlc of Dargai.
Master Sutherland also danced the Highland Fling very gracefully, after which the entertainment was brought to a close.
On account of the very cold weather the c u nival at the rink was poorly attended
an car•
House & Sign Painter, Glider, Glazier, Decorator.
Confidence in the clothing depart ment was established long ago, but will be largely increased when you the well made, neat.fitting stylish-looking suits we are selliny
at $5.00, $0.00 $8.00 and $10.00.
Mens' fall overcoats, equal to tailor-
made, at $5.00 to $10.00. Men’s underwear in all sizes and qualities, and at the very lowest prices.
o—
see
JOHN SMITH.
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDEDTO.
I ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
C\Ottawa^
Business College.
(Established :fj years.)
The Irish Party.
O
MR. THOMAS SEXTON FAVORED FOR THE
FIRST-CLASS WORKMANSHIP AND SAT-
The Dclecacies
of the Table#
Are all to be found here in the Pink of Perfection.
Groceries j
IS FACTION GUARANTEED
Fall term comnvnce* lUKUStlSih. A per mxnent staff of four experienced Able ex pert lewch^rs ; thlnytwo years of nnlnter-ropted success ; being endorsed by tbe leading business and p ofesalonal men of the Capital ; each gi a-luate gelling the Dlpo.na of the UUMlnesR Educators' Associât.on ol Canada ; the success of our graduates (they are to be found everywhere) are points for your consideration. Send for new Catalogue.
JOHN KEITH, Principal, 148*164) Bank St., Ottawa.
o
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
er ia Thomae S»xton, chairman of tha Freeman's Journal, and an orator and organizer of the first order. Mr. Sc-xron, however, hesitates to accept the leadership, and a party conference may develop another candidate. A Nationalist convention i* planned to take plaça in Limerick, on April 4th, when an entire erance of the party from the English Lib erale is expected.
Boots and Shoes
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
s
You’ll be glad if you do and sorry if you don't visit our shoe department, and get our prices on all up-to-date goods. Our store is filled from floor to ceiling with the very latest in Fall Footwear, for ladies and children, men and boys. Our stock is admired by all. Our Bales are large, and this year will be a record breaker.
1

60 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
PATENTS
sev
I
ATENTS
PROMPTLY SECURED
The citadel at Halifax got a scorching on Thursday night last.
Toronto had a $200,000 tire on Thursday night. The Gowans-Kenfc establish-merit, the largest Chinese bric-a brie tsblishment in the ceuntry was demolish
Write for our Interesting books Invent; or’s Help" and “How you are swindled. Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we wui teu you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. We make a specialty of applications rejected in other ha mis. Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION PATENT SOLICITORS » EXPERTS
Civil A Mechanical Engineers Graduates ofths Polytechnic School of Engineering, BachMor# In App led Sciences. Laval University. Members
52SÜS:	Ï-V
P. U. Bui reyore Association, soclety of Civil Engineers.
...... : ! KfflffiJRiSKKK ff
Friday night. Miss Lillie Morgi of the young lady’s prize, w hich pair of nickel plated hockey skates
Mr. Andrew Davis was successful in the gentlemen's list, while Miss Maggie Thompson took the prize in girl’s class. Ma ter Allie Reid took the prize in the boy's class.
Mr. Wilson has a busy time just now getting ice for the large demand there is for it.
Mr. John Reid who has been in Clarendon for the last few days has returned home.
Some of our young men have a decided
was a
Trade Marks Designs
P FFTM 1 Copyrights Ac.
tpteial notice, without charge, In the
Scfeaflfic American
largest r» r
¦ - THE LEADING HOUSE • -
HI DOWD,---PON
•d
Winnipeg’s big hostelry, the Manitoba Hotel, said to be the finest building of its kind between Montreal and the Pacific Coast, was completely destroyed by tire on Tuesday night last, also the depot and office of the Northern Pacific Railway itdjoining.
'


1
f
