###PAGE###1###
KSBT +
Q.UTTY
No. 30. 10 ni Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, FEB. 20, 1902.
H.00 a Year
in Advance.
L

Come and finmed cmni
1>V (,‘mn ffunr-H Smith, that the
umjl do hoi thy give the inhabitant# of the township of Clarendon further no
...................- Over 125 barrels of \ I1' c ,luf ^	ito exhibit satisfac-
different varititie# to	be sold out at greatly 1	' "	lhvu!< s r :l	^fewarh
ieduced prices at-	|	»	or to Hugh	Matheson,	sec
«¦ ! ir tie fore the 25th instant, complied with compulsory	H
vaut.ination by Law. shall he pMsecuted j according to law l>y the Mayor in the name nf the cor|>oration i this action being t,uii<l necessary in consequence j ¦¦	»
of Provincial Hoard of Health orders and ! H’flflu the chances of a further spread of smallpox	ww Ir
Coupon aud U,*l Ticket, U, all part, moot.	-CmM ana ni-
given. W.!.rH. TuL'nly! u'i i ! w’ay and Tic k ..	C",1,‘ J»"»« Wilson, see by
et Agent, Aril prior. Ont.	Jojn w A Hodgms, that Mayor Stewart
Moved hy Coun V\ A Hudgins, sec by
Special Reductions this Week I \£ Th,-,lliU-. that the to-uw he
1 uratfed for this council, for the month of In the followinglines at W. T. Earle's {March meeting to be submitted to the rate
payers of the Municipality to abolish statute labor. — Carried.
At this juncture the Council adjourned.
Hi on Mathbsqn,
»Sec.-Treasurer.
Ç3.60 enlargement
impctition defied, ü I.uIson.
<
Good
Ili-ad Off -e: «îei’tUil i-sid u|i
OTTAWA. CANADA.
.........#.'.000,000
......... 1,7*5.00#
Immense
Clearing Sale of
Boots & Shoes
Ari'LKs
m
OP CANADA.
font
for
Board of Direct or 9
The Pula
riro?cry, Hhawville
Chaules Malek, Esq., Preside.U. GtOBO* Bay, k*q.,Vice President.
no». P*o. Bstsoa, j*.	John Mati'k*. R.q
Aa.»i	Mi Rrîrï*Ma(Lau^' Fhv
CAPITAL - • • $6,000,000.1 Kxtinmos of Timk.~My days hence-
- forth at Campbel 'a Buy will Iki every
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000. 2,ld tt,ld 4?h Tue,Md,iy in ^ munth
I |	¦	¦ ¦ ¦	¦ M. Imimon,
Photographer
ano ut* in mit
U M. KINH1I
¦cad Office, • Montreal*
G «oral Manager
BmnrVtpa*
IN ONTARIO
Keewatli,
Keni|.tw !!#, Mattswa,
Ottawa,

SlAWilLLE BRANCH,


Alexandria Ampriur.
Area
BraMbridgi-
Marietta	do Hank Ft.
Fleett	do RklaaiBt
Vo Men.	do Rom craft Ft.	Winchester
Hawkeabun. VaitkUtk Dill, bmitb'a Fall»
IN MANITOBA ;
lAoark,
Parry Henad, Pembroke, flat Portage Winchester, Renfrew Toronto.
Mooej loaned on approved security at
reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected,
Money transferred to all partaof the world.
do
SAVINGS BANK.
AocourVe opened for amount» of one dollars and upward* and Interest allowed.
If» A M. TO .1 P.M.
10 A M. TO 1 r M.
F A. PARK Ell, Manager.
Dauphin
Wleiipeg,
Portage la Prairie INQUIBBC:
Hell,
Ihewli >gan Falla
Agents in Cana»:», Ntw York and L'hicagr-
Kmnk of Montreal.
Agents in 81. Paul—Merchant* Nat Bank.
Agents it London, leg.—Parr's Bank Ltd,
$3,500 worth of Footwear
to be cleaned out at
Sweeping Reductions.
Montreal
laibute
Orne* Houes
8 AT VH DA Y N .
Crockery, lamp glasses, Lantern globe».
Brooms and Wash Tub* Butent Medicine»,
WHEN PRINT BLURS.
When print blurs. Irritable temper and general discomfort result. We positively cure this condition with
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
PERSONAL
Mis* Lu lu Ki tuer, Bryson, i* visiting her sister, Mrs. F. A. Parker.
It i* reported that one ardent Pontiac tended the ice races at Ottawa last week, sport dropped a wad of ffiOO.OO at the
Mr. Pierre Plouffe, merchant of Shaw %%%%	He d<Wn t live
ville and Ladysmith, has made an assign-	Borrowing hue hand she leave* a family . . M ^	,	J
went.	A very pretty wedding took place in the of three email children, all of whom have el8Kri Mr"- w* ' * “8ont °* town.
Geucher held for the murder of hie	church at Portage du Fort, on the sincereet eympathyof the community Mrs Robert G. Hodgins ie home again
son at Kippawa, wane weeks ago, hae Tuemlay moramg, lltà mat, when Mme m their irreparable lost	after a month's visit to her relatione in
been liberated from Bryson jail on |>er-	^	‘,/*llK'5ter of Mr. The late Mrs Mitchell was a daughter Masham
tonal bail for two hundred dollars	Thomas Faught, of Forester e Falls, of Mr. John Coxford, of Pembroke.
was united in marriage to Mr. W. • E.
(irahain, secretary < 1 Ag. *N)ciet>, >•. J, |oai|8 0f wheat from the farmers of this appreciation of your valuable service*, so *>n ** giaiuoph«,ne and the people will be also Mr. Hayes, of Ag. .Society No. 2, jjKtrjet ÿfr g n ports that the com- frevly and faithfully, so long and lovingly glad to learn that we are to have the same were inOttawa on Tliurday attending the ' have just closed a deal for the pur- ^udcred» for tho bcnetil of our church in pleasure in the near future
*u Id une after another to a>ud clashing. cnihi*aeing grist and woollen mills, terest and a leading part, while in the People have had tcry sore arms. The A deputation from Allumette Island, planing factory, electrc light-powers, position of church organist, you have done K‘r.V is not yet : “O ruy heart, 1 but Oh!
(It,«peau. Chichester and Sheen held , and cheese factory The property is	rèvcrcnWcmeanor w°hî!è engaged	(
eoncrem-c with the town Council of Pern- considered a valuable one and desir in the service of God’s House.ha« bad tar-broke on Tuesday of last week, to discuss ably situated for the purposes of 1 he Dowd reaching effect, in the example set to the the project of establishing better ferry Company whose business is assuming younger member* of our choir and eon-
rr^r Y,raJMe *nd ,,ery ,ttr pro,,ortiü,“-	RT&c;	. itl PI _
tht Quebec suit of the mer.	—	- ?  ment to those associated with you	in	ug on at tin 1 alatc Grocery.	As	the
AU EUi"U shtt « large ^eci-	Lr ,{ H	an(1	Mrs. Kluck have the I whia,by”u°n.rU* red ou r iffuf,M H,ÎKjf*.?! ^fba^ns	m.f be‘
men of the owl family oûO morning re	gympathy of	the community in the	lose of	rausU. htvs ever been an inspiratiou	to	liud » all of the follow mg lines .
wntly as the bird was perched on an	their widest	boy	Jiiumie, whose	death	your fellow worshippers.	Groceries Crockery,
stp=r“?5c:ssssmMssm EB»-
wing-spread of over oti inches. It is near- ^y advanced tu a critical stage so about to be deprived of the benefit of your	Confectionery, ete., etc.
ly pure white in color.	speedily that the child’s	condition was	distinguished talents, both pastor and	Dont’t miss this chance of getting the
Shawviui Wins at Qvyon.—The	too low tu permit of an operation when	people were oppressed by a sense of almost	hest goods at the lowest price*.
third hockey match of the season be- its character became clearly defined -	coaled, however, by the fact,
tween Shawville and Quyon teams, was Little Jimmie s untimely departure will that God s work at large will not suffer, played on the ice of the latter on Friday	be universally regretted among the fill*	for wc are convinced that wherever your
afternoon last. The match resulted in a	«gère, who all admired and had a kindly	lot may be cast your life and labor will be
s?	t
been pretty rough, but no bones were afternoon fr in the deceased child s late noble.	Pickanock road near the 10th concession
broken, and tho event	wa* rounded off	home to St. 1 nul a church,	thence to the	In presenting you with this, address wc	of Clarendon, about the 1st of November
with an oyster supper	tendered by the	cemetery opposite. The	casket was	feel that mere words are not sufficient to	last. One I* of reddish brown color with
I,  	f,, ti,„ « Liters	adorned with a number of beautiful floral convey our sentiments, and would there long ear*, the other is whit* with brown
tributes, the gifts of relatives, friends fore^%you to accept this ebony toiletset and black marking* and very long ear*.
«»-, BHj..~About .„d	;s“	'r.,37h““ asr.TTÆ^r1 ïÆSt
three on Wednesday afternoon the okl	¦ ¦¦ —	I tangible reminder, that vou leave behind will be paid for the recovery <
bell of St Paul's which has recorded	u if*¦**¦««t v«eu»n Awav A	you in this place many fife long friends.	both	of	these dogs at The Eq
and hands had been consummated *ith-	Umfc Mra- Hit-hard Mitchell had passed	of His dear Son, and the gift of HU Holy	TAMJn-r	XAH	mi
in the wa.ls of that sacred edifice. I ht ^	^ residence of Mr*. Halpenny, Spirit, that we may consecrate our lives | GflUÊTS TOP dGCrGtârV.
mm mmm*
Ireland, in presence o a	° Le had lieen in declining health for many presented by Miss Girlie Thomson,
gahon of interested specta o .	months, and when bereft of ean infant daughter of Mr. Robert Thomson, of
bride w;is very tastefully a ire a to ^ son in October last the gravity of her P. D. F. The recipient made a brief tumeof blue, as also the n,- cumiition became more pronounced, yet reply expressive of her thanks for the AnnieMcIbie. Mr R.W. Hodgins «lhlled she held up bravely, through her afflict- manifestations of esteem thus kindly the functions of best man,	‘ ion and entertained strong hopes up till aud substantially shown towards her.
ceremony and the young couple had a very ^ort time ago of her ultimate reemerged from the customary congratula c0	Iu December last on the ad
tory ordeal, the wedding party dro\ e rom v|C0 Qf n frjon(j 8h0 placed herself under church to the residence o the brides the treatment of Dr. Quackenbush, ho-
father, where all enjoyed a pleasant meopatl]jstj Ottawa, and for a time I	Shawville, lOlii I'cbv, 1902.
evening. An elegant display o presen > s)inwetj fiomc evidence of improvement; I Adjourned meeting of the Clarendon testified to the esteoni in whic c n	these hopeful symptoms were of Council resumed this day.
is held. Thu Equity joins wi e	short duration and were succeeded by a	Members nrese t: Mr Mayor John
,inends of the young couple in wis ing	stjn raofo critical stage of illness, from	Stewart ; Councillors : James Smith, W
them a happy and success!ui u uic. which she sought relief in again desiring A Hodgins, F Thomas, James Wilson
to visit Dr. Quackenbush. In compli and Thomas McDowell.
The Anglican church, at Danfurd Lake, jar with this wish the indulgent hus-	Minutes of last meeting read
February 7. at 4 p.m., was the scene of I bind took her to Ottawa on the 8th inst.	Moved by Coun Thomas, sec by Coun Has its own special staff*of corrcspon
» very pretty wedding, when Mr. Alph	and roaehed his aunt's with hi* wife in a	W A Hodgine. that the minute, of last	t 0ltftwa and Qucbec (or	lhe
Heney son of Mr. Henry Hency, of this	very exhau ted condition. I he prompt	meeting as now read be and are hereby
place, was united in marriage to Miss use of restoratives had a wonderful confirmed .—Carried	sessions of the Dominion Parliament
I izzo Carruthers, daughter of Mr. Archie satisfactory effect, however, so much so, Moved by Coun W A Hodgins, sec by | and of the Provincial Legislature both Carruthere, of Aylwin,. The Rev. Mr.	ndet-d, that Mr. Mitchell felt safe in re-	James Wilson, that John Stewart, Esq.,
Ball performed the ceremony. Miss Res-	turning home to him family again that	meyor, be and is hereby appointed Mayor
Heney, sister of the groom, acted as night. But on Monday night he was ap of this Municipality of Clarendon for the bridesmaid, while the groom was assist- j prised of a serious change having set in, ensuing term. -Carried unanimously ed by Mr. Ash Reid. Miss Lena Heney, and he returned to his wife's side, to Moved by Coun F Thomas, sec by played the wedding march.	find that the end was fast approaching, Coun Thomas McDowell, that the bills
After tho wedding ceremony the wed- and that she was quite reconciled to it of John Elliott and .'aines CuthltertiK-u	,	t _____
ding i uty drove to the future home of During her residence in Shawville, j be laid over for explanation,—Carried.	In view of the above events, 1HK
the newly married couple, where supper	when enjoying the vigor of health and	Moved by Coun James Smith, see by	GAZE i l K will be sent to new sub
sa* nerved and an enjoyable evening	young womanhood, Mrs. Mitche 1 took	| Coun W A Hodgins, that tho Sec.-	scrihvrn dally for Three Mouths on	re-
epunt in music, singing and games and an	an active part in promoting church en-	Treasurer bo and is hereby authorized	ceipt of One Dollar,
appropriate and congratulatory address terpnsee, and was recognized as a meat to pay to the County Council	Addn-s order* to
was triven by the reversed gentleman	useful and energetic member of the	being the share of Clarendon for loc* mg	,	D	,.	.
who oerfonned the ceremony.	Indies Aid of the Methodist church, by	the town line between Bristol ‘ and Cln, |	k.tVRO WHITE, PrwsMest,
Thehanpy couple were the recipients of I which organization her demise will, no eudon.—Carried.	,	'	Cazattk Prixtino to.,
many land none presents.	doubt, be deeply lamented. Beside# a 1 Moved by Coun Thoinee Me Well,	Montreal.
A number of our local horsemen at-
The Drug Store,
ShawwUie.
Mr. William Muir, of Brandon, Manitoba, arrived last week, on a visit to his
This will be the biggest event in Boots that has been.
GREER MOUNT NOTES
Our stock consists of full lines of Men’s, Women’s and Children’s Footwear, made up of the finest leathers in the market, and in the very best shapes.
Our prices are always low and during this Sale we will make such substantial ductions as will make it interesting for bargain-hunters.
re-

You want Boots Now We want to sell Now
Come in and see what we can do for you. This Sale will continue for Thirty Days.
Clearing Out Sale.
Big Clearing Out Sale of Good* now


J. H. SHAW.
Reward Offered.
Trading Without Risk.
In ordinary' transactions this is nearly iinpossible. Trading here, however, —“ Your money for our Goods/—carries with it absolutely no risk. You get exactly what you want, exactly what you think you are getting, at exactly what it is worth. We stand behind every transaction, ready and willing to trade back our money for your goods. If you are not satisfied with what you have bought, even in cases where you can t judge for yourself.
of either or CITY office.
Doctors’ Prescriptions and Family Recipes, for instance, you may take our word for
it, you will get a fair deal.
A. SMILEY
Mayor.
FIRST-CLASS
Latest in Patents :
Perurça,
Ortega Oil,
Baby’s Owq Tablets.
Dr. Pitcher’s Backache Tablets, Kelmer’s Swamp Root,
Dr. Sheep’s Restorative,
Dr. Sheep’s Rheumatic Cure.
I FARM FENCING |
ONLY
! 30 Cents per ROD. |
CLARENDON COUNCIL

for sale by
THE ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., Limited,
PICTON. ONT.
Th= MONTREAL GAZETTE

of which opened on Feb. 13. The re pyrta will be full, impartial and reli liable.

The Drug Store,
SPECIAL OFFER.
Shawville, Que. :
Headquarters for Pure Drugs and Reliable Medicines.
###PAGE###2###
i-
IN MERRY OLD ENGLAND EFFECTS OF RAREFIED AIR
gentleman of about fifty,
LONG WATCH FOR A SON.
with After a few momenta he reached n
\ I strongly-murked features, a heavy, cool, sequestered spot, where refresh-J, blonde moustache, and hair greying | men Is wore going on 1 at the sides. The duke appeared down and was perfectly happy.
Y	paler and heavy-eyed, more prooccu- Presently someone tapped him on
Y	idtHl and ill at case, than on his the shoulder and informed him that
Y	I former visit.	his wife wanted him.
T "How-do?" ho said, greeting his lie found her in a small room,
hostess, with an elTort to conceal his | with the duke and duchess and one weariness the tall
"It is definitely announced that the I D#we% of Ely Place, solicitor to our lUike of Moncastor s county ball will huuily." iaUe place at Brightheitustowe Tow-1 l*lls gentleman
O-s on the 18th instant. The gath- Ructions over, took his seat, as so-1	"1 regret, sir," began the duke,
•ring will be, as usual, both distin- licitors become inured to doing, in "that your wife and yourself have guished and exclusive.—» ltrighthelm- Lhe most shaded corner position of been the victims of what at first btoue Courier/ "	.	lll0 room. This enabled him to ob- seemed an objectionable practical
"l tell you, Nathaniel, I’m about | serve without being too closely scru- joke but now has assumed a more
tinised in return.	I serious aspect/*
l am sorry her Grace is too un-1 "What do you mean
A Door Left Unlocked for Twenty-
Eight Years.
Hero ho sat
»
NEWS BY MAIL ABOUT JOHN BULL AND HIS PEOPLE.
\i
ITS INFLUENCE ON BRITISH OFFICERS ON THE VELDT.
The death last week of the Her.
William Miller of ClilTord, Penn,, ends a long and fruitless watch for a run- | Occurrences in away boy.
Elder William Miller, ns he was known, was one of the beat-known
Baptist preachers in northeastern	Jamaican bananas which arrived	n	Wnfl	in one of Jules Verne'#
Pennsylvania, lie officiated at more	i" London recently wore retailed in	storios that two men bot out (o
wuil.llngs und funeral» than any uth- the slrcots at two a penny.	climb a mountain. As they went
Lord Port man had a serious fall higher and higher up the air grew while hunting at Durwcston. He is more rarefied and provoked such ir-Ho was strongly opposed to games progressing satisfactorily.	rltabllity In both that they fell Into
of all kinds. One day twenty-eight	For the first time for many years	an	angry	quarrel. They challenged
yours ago he discovered that his	there were no prisoners for trial at	each	other	to immediate duel and
youngest son, John, had been p ay- Um Southampton quarter sessions. turned to go down the mountain
... _	...	r&sæz-n
, .	,	„ , vitation hero Issued in my name by jt)hn told a companion afterward! There were 1.70% deaths and 1.608 »torcdll,1<wenthcy got to the fobt
he duke turned more pallid and some unauthorised person	that he would "show father a births registered in London last	lhcy e,e f l
m irras"’4n e rr: r; rr—
ESHEEHs I	** kaSHstS m bsarsr œr i ESS
r,,th‘v-	The duchess compressed her nos- he would slip into the house some “V .	. ,	mountain climbers.
Mis Uraco is much worried,M ex- trlla, and her eyebrows were raised Light as cautiously as he lmd slipped I J !!0 d10ftth 18 announced of the Rev. An instance of what Is meant was plained the solicitor from hi# corner *||ghtly, but she remained silent. Lut. They accordingly always loft |I)liV d Daviea« vicur of Llansilin, Os- furnished by two Colonels of infan-Since tue I’arkyns had made money “ niuch worm'd. Anti you are the "I am prepared to deny and can the door unlocked for him at night. I wentry, where lio had labored for y in	the	pickle	and	salted-fish	line,	only	person	who	can	help him.	You	prove by my engagement», such	was	When a year had passed they woro'*uvI* a century.
their	saurincos	on	the altar	oi	la-	n ro;	1	believe,	the	owner of	the	Plov-	impossible. As to Dawes, I am	not	Lure ho would return on the mini vox -1 A treasury notice	published	in	,	.
binon had	been endless und inexhaust-	v,iskv	sapphires, the finest set of	aware of his	having been in	the	sary of his disappearance:	and when	Tuesday's London Gazette prohibits	,, y rode	a	dozen guiles	north ana
ible.	stones	in Europe, of which her Grace	neighborhood.	Further, I	am at a	she retired that night his mother loft	the use of sucramine in the manufac-	t,um to and	fro ftIll0l,R	the kopjes,
but society drew its skirts as deft- is.	fortunate to be possessor |0S9 know why either he or I ! on the dining-room table those arti- tare or preparation of beer.	,t found poor sport.
ly and us	impenetrable as when their	o1 the	('nly re.plieu-oven which. 1	should call, or	what object	you	can	! des of food of which the	boy had	Nine hundred old people, whoso	* .L^Ji1 T nr.t!dk
souls never soared above fried fish.	IH V<1 not remind you, is of consider-	auggeot for our	doing so."	been most fond.	combined ages amounted to 70 000	'V16 u	,g /“! *	,rVe®
— 4%:::"w ~heh!=£B£ eh:
SS2H35Ê5 EEmEH rE	EFHvEFE | EEr#
to, ho has permitted them to paw duko, “Then there is no reason vitcil the young people of the neigh- J ‘	8	‘ „
1,101 why I should screen you further! Uc-ifiorhood.	10	,.v* P* ^ Horlock, them.
turn me my sapphires, and L Then ton years was (ho time to!6 A" 8ald ,to bo England's oldest They rode on for a good stretch and my husband will leave your which they looked forward, for they I( 11 ,,gyil.lun.'1 *llls d od °t Nowton-Fop- outside of their own outposts. Sud* house immediately!"	said "Johnny will surely come homo |,k‘for ,n his ninety-fifth	year.	dcnly	one of thorn caught sight of
"Woman, you must be inadl" cried j	when he has been gone ten years." I he Dean and Chapter	of Wcstmins-	niounted
the duke. "Your sapphires! I know The fifteenth and twentieth ami I- ter claim the privilege of instructing
nothing of thorn!"	versaries of the boy's disappearance 1 the Sovereign in the rites and cere-1a score of them, among the folds of
"You will deny that?" she exclaim-j were as anxiously awaited by tho monies of the coronation ed fiercely, "when they lie on your ! parents. Three years ago they Clouds of seagulls passed over
wife’Skiieck before me?"	| counted much on the twenty-fifth j Dover recently, returning to the I round them up 1" shouted the elder
Her hand went out as if she would	j year since their boy ran away, at Channel from	inland,	where	they	had	and senior Colonel, and off ho gal*
have torn them from the fiir throat	which time they were especially euro boon	driven by the severe weather.	loped with the three officers close on
and breast of the other woman. The . that he would return; and the moth- q'i10 Duke of Argyll accomnantod his heels and the orderly chasing bo-duchess shivered.	\er was ready to greet him with an Ly the Princess Louise visited the hind-
"You	deny it,	after coming	with	abundance of the delicacies of which1 Alexandra Palaco on January	18	What the men	of the	Doer patrol
your	solicitor.	You deny it	after	he was once fond.	)1Ild delivered	an address on "Physi-	thought is not recorded,	but.at one#
confessing you had taken, and pawn-1 Since the night he disappeared notjca| Culture."	J they spread out and pushed their
ed, your wife's jewels, and im-	a thing has been heard from the mi#-i ,r. pr:nrA	.	...	horses on as hard as they could topi oring my aid and complici-	sing son. But never for one instant I	‘“P”	L Vk	»,	wm	.	ward the dark boulders along the
ty? You deny It, after borrowing would the parents entertain the be- 1v,!im tni h. ï.»	1 rince## of ( baso of the nearest foothills, the
for to-night, so that she,	lief that he was dead.	Up to the	L	? if?1.0/ lhe	Vuke | buck shooters	tearing	alter them.
hour of his death this	week William	°'fh7^r	at badminton	from	0nce among the	boulders	the Z&rps-
"You are evidently under a delu- Miller expected his son’s return.	,	10	for they proved to be men of the
»ion," responded the duke gravely. The aged mother, now alone, has 1 vvo hundred and twenty-six tons, Transvaal police, jumped off, got "My wife’s jewels were, till this eve- again taken up the watch. As for of f,sh wero brought into Aberdeen cover and turned to take the meaning, in the custody of her banker», years past, in her sleepless nights, harbor on three different days, and I 9Ur0 Qf their amazing pursuers, and were brought down by Messrs. 1 sho listens for the opening of the tl|e sn,ps *or the week amounted to They result came soon. They shot Spinkin by the evening mail."	door	which for more than twenty- £-00,000.	one of the junior officers dead
Mrs. Parkyn stared at him wildly, eight years has never been locked. Queen Alexandra is to perform the I through the brain, shattered the arm then, with a hysterical cry, sank up-	—--4--—	ceremony of christening the new first j of another, wounded one of the Colon a chair and laughed.	A REAL ARISTOCRAT. class battleship Queen, which will be onels in the thigh and pierced the
"Great Scott!" exclaimed Mr. P.,	___ launched next March at Devonport wrist of the other, besides disabling
in frenzied consternation. "What.I	. ..	«. AU(r, . dockyard.	the orderly. They laid out their men
does this mean, d^ko?’’	|	a Collie Dog.	An extensively signed petition,from j” 1,16 nearest farmhouae, dressed
You have been robbed, replied |	e	Berks and Bucks has been presented Ithcir wounds and sent a messenger
against the alleged right of the cor- 10 Bloemfontein for further aid. punition to levy tolls over Maiden- Roth Colonels got a severe repri-hend bridge	mand. But possibly a Dr. Charcot,
s-mii #=s
.d „« .	„„,t.	MoTT-. d,General.,
whoso forte was not patience or bal-û ance even in the most restful of air, finished his South African opportun-of itiea in the careless rapture of a gallop very like the race of the buckhunting officers. lie was to link his Mr. Thomas Fleming, chief purser forces with those of another general of the Cunard liner Umbria, is about in completing a lino of communicate retire, lie is the oldest Cunard lions, employe, and during his forty-six years of service has sailejj 2,760,000 miles.
Colonel Sir Herbert Perrott,
Knight of Justice and Secretary of tho Order of St. John of Jerusalem in England, was married the other day to Ethel Lucy, daughter of the late Capt. Marcus Haro, R.N.
According to Sir William Thiecl-ton-Dyer, tho director of Kew Garden#, experiments at Chelsea during the recent fog showed that in a week six tons of solid posited on a square mile.
l he Archbishop of Canterbury ccntly visited Folkestone to new church, house, schools, and creation hall, erected as a memorial to the late Canon Matthew ward, vicar of Folkestone.
u
the Land That Reigns Supreme in the Commercial World.
From the Moist Air of England Into the Rarefied Air of South Africa.
•K

aiiow me "—presuming or two others. She looked pale and
Cyril agitated.
gentleman—"Sir
i.
Nathaniel," she exclaimed, "1 have sent for you to have this mat-hows and intro-1 ter threshed out."
• s
vr clergyman in Susquehanna county lie was 81 when he died.
tired of tins!"
The speaker—a handsome, 11 or id
woman, magnificently dressed, buij"'0*1 10 call," remarked Mrs. l’et-1 Varkvn bearing the unmistakable stamp oi j worth Parkyn sweetly, skilfully con-iiumbie origin—sat iu lhe suhe-a- | coaling her chagrin.
manger of the Westcliue Hotel,
Ln^bihelmstowe, biting lier lips in a •late oi deepest perplexity.
Her rather shapely lingers, adorned I •xdaiiuod, wall irngs, held between them the I brandy 1M	I quietly,
sheets ot the local newspaper.	* be peer accepted tho proffered' ro-1 some others
" •Distinguished and exclusive!' " htorative with a will. Apparently She crushed the green-tin text columns ! 11 *uu* desired effect angrily between her tapering lingers, and looked moodily be*ore her.
T'here was no mistake about it.
O"
inquired Mr
4 4
some
the
Mrs. Pet worth Parky n had not "caught on." Society would have none oi her
who rode out of Bloemfontein ono day with a couple of junior officers and un orderly, to shoot buck.
could explain what they did when the buck failed
ter laiiiily, who had hitherto prided .
themselves ou possessing the only re- ! 1 vmlH>I anly into other haw *
duchess, unaware of the situation, has expressed her intention of wearing them at the coming ball, which is more or less of an annual family
plica of this historical set. But with this shu had had to be content.
"1 tell you, Nathaniel, 1 won’t stand it! Ball or no ball, duke or.	.
duchess, whatever the anair is, and RA* hr ring, to-morrow night however tony, I’m going!"	• Negotiations with
• But how?" asked her husband.
"That's more than 1 know! But it’s gut to be done!" And she swept majestically out.
Mrs. Fetworth Parkyn was ip a good humor when she met her husband next day at dinner.
had lost no time. At a bazaar or sale of work, got up by the vicar of BrighLh elms to we in aid of his new be. 1-tower, she had, she informed Petty or ih, bowed over the graciously extended lingers of the smiling duchess, who was now sure to invite her to the ball.
By t at night’s mail tho ball-dress was oidoied.
By lunch time next day she was in tho lowest vortex of mortification and despuir. The duchess had cut her ! Passed her unacknowledged on] , the open street, with a cold, unre- 01 cognizing stare. And the dress was countermanded by wire.
A card
Parkyn the same day •crlbed in the customary copperplate: "The I>uko of Moncaster."
"What does it mean, Kmillia?" he
MOVING FIGURES,
the parties holding the gems being impossible in the time—we understand the gems have been banked in New York—his Grace has been good enough to consult us; and, after duo consideration, I can advise no other course in our extremity than to apply to you—and you only," he added, in his blandest
tones-.
the veldt a mile away.
Como on. they're Boers ! Let’s
• t
There was silence for one moment. A tumult of mingled triumph and pride shook Vie bosom of Mrs. Pet-worth Parkyn, mid thrilled her pul-
ses
my set should not find you out?"
"What would you wish me to do," she asked.
It is imperative that the financial complications remain secret from the duchess. You are the only person who can assist ua in this.j’
"1? In what way?" she ejaculat-
• i
"if you would kindly consent, for tills purpose, to the loan of your
9 9
was brought up to Mr.
. On it was in-
1 cannot say I am indisposed to render you any service in my power —even this you suggest. I shall not be wearing them myself on the night of the ball," she added reflectively, with a furtive glance at tho duke.
"Any arrangements that could be made," interposed the legal function-
• 9
4 t
the peer.	I A London gentleman who owns a
A brisk, clean-shaven man entered beautiful collie keeps him provided, the room, followed by tho local in- as is usual, with a collar, on which specter of police. It was Johnson, his name and address are engraved.
This lady has lost her jewels,” Some one asked him recently wheth-thc duke’s special functions.	er this had ever served to bring the
tho detective, who always attended | dog back to him, and the question
*f Apparently she led to the relation cf an amusing in-v» been robbed by a man impers on-1 cident.
ating me."
#skcd
"Can he have come to apologize?" ruminated Mrs. Fetworth Parkyn, purveying herself in the glass critically.
# 9
4 4
ary
Where will you see his Grace, requested the obsequious wnit-
Would be quite unnecessary !" she retorted. "It is not that; but She laughed musically ns she hesi-! tated, then added pleasantly: "You see my difficulty—the duchess has not called, has she?
I The duke sighed despondently.
But, still, that is no reason why I should not have tho pleasure of being of service to you, is it?" she added, smiling, as with a meaning glance, she handed the key to her husband, and lie loft the room—"provided I am not ns equally disappointed of my invitation to the hall as of her Grace’s charming company. It lias not arrived yet"—she gave an irresistible smile—"and I am just a little bit concerned lest it should be forgotten."
’ You see. this—cr—little dance is strictly n — er—a family affair," suggested the solicitor.
"Yes; 1 understand so
4 4
stated tho duke
O”
•*r
9 9
*1
The Rev. Miss Edwards, who has for two years acted as minister of , Biblo Christian chapel at Falmouth, officiated recently at the funeral tho oldest male member of her grogation.
On one occasion I lost Scot! in
You know how much I
Well, Wo tra-
‘'We will see him here," said Mr. Parkyn.
As he closed the door he wiped his forehead.
"Millie, my dear!" ho exclaimed excitedly—1 Millie, I believe you’ve got cm, after all!"
A clean-shaven man with a restless preoccupied air entered the room.
Mrs. Potworth Parkyn extended her hand in greeting, in reply to his salutation, a* she rose gracefully, with the air of a princess.
So happy!" she murmured. "This is indeed so kind of your Grace! The dear duchess—is she well?"
The "dear duchess" was quite well.
"Her Grace wished to bo remembered to you, and regretted her inability to call personally."
"Some other time, perhaps?" suggested Mrs. Potworth Parkyn softly.
• Many other times, I trust," said tho duko earnestly.
'You delight me!" cooed Mrs. Pet-! worth Parkyn. "It was a pleasure j to see you botli at tho bazaar yes ter- ! day."
The smile on the face of his Grace was arrested a moment by an air of j doubt.
Piccadilly
"See hero, marm," exclaimed the|rush about in hansom cabs detective, producing two
graphs, here?"
9 9
photo- Scoti always goes with me do you recognize anyone ; vel a good many miles a week togc-
I thcr in this way; but, on ono occa-That," she said faintly, pointing slon I was walking and missed him. to the nearest to her— "ifr—is the I searched for him but did not find ¦ i	I him.
Not quite, marm!" said the man, Tho crowd was great, and the with a smile. "But near enough to street traffic drowned my whistle; cause us trouble at times."	after waiting a while and looking
The other bears no resemblance," j about me pretty thoroughly, I wont she continued falterlngly. "Ho was back homo without him, hoping he tall, had a blonde moustache, and might find his way back himself, grey hair at tho sides; and he sat in In about two hours after my arri-the shade."	I v&l a hansom cab drove up to the
"Certainly a good description of door, and out jumped Scoti. The Dawes," said tho duke.	cabman rang for his fare, and think-
"Make-up!" explained the detective mg ho had captured the dog in some
"Your Grace it is as T way, I asked him how and where lie
It's Flashy I found him.
One of them
driving a brougham in liv-lhim at all They were watched, and left for a-standing close by St
But what turned Church n-looking out for a fare
con-
• i
t •
4 4
duko!"
But when the other met him he was dashing along on tho veldt, except for a handful of bodyguards, swallowing the "heady" air a» though it was tho most SPARKLING OF CHAMPAGNES.
i f
so,
4 •
4 4
Asked where his division was he mado a sweeping gesture to tho horizon and rodo on. Ho was hours away from his command.
Some such mental disturbance provoked by breathing this air may bo put forward perhaps to explain the matter were de-1 proceedings of tho three officers of
the Intelligence Department who were sent out from tho War Office in London before tho negotiations between tho British and Transvaal Governments were broken off They were to Wood-1 report what force would bo needed if it came to war.
All three went different ways under POISONED TO SAVE EXPENSES, assumed names, grew beards, wore
8—1
SB####
est vocabulary of any white race—in their entire indifference to ell questions of speculative philosophy which may save their brains from certain risks.
Then there is the soft voice of the bearded burghers that contrasts so strangely with their bigboned figures and the elimination of all violent exertion—for even their seat off horseback is as easy as a rocking • chair—that may mean some reacting lesson learned from the air around them. Their eyes see Into It farther than good field glasses have enabled most men of other races to see,
decisively expected," lie added. Dob and his partner
It's that
I f
which makes my sapphires essential, isn't it?" she added thoughtfully, as she unlocked the case.
Tho duke’s eyes glittered with suppressed emotion, as ho gazed on the wondrous blue stones.
"If any other arrangement could " suavely urged tho man of
"Oh, sir," he said. "I didn't hail
He hailed mo
I was James’
was seen
cry
re-
London mid-day.	^I
the police off tho scent was they ex- ] when in jumps the dog. pec ted a move on your Grace’s place, " 'Like his impudence.* says I. So und were surprised to find them clear 11 shouts through tho window; but ho We’ll do our best for you, wouldn’t stir
open a
re-
be-
llion I gets down
marm," he concluded consolingly. I and tries to pull him out, and But they’re likely to be half across j shows him my whip; but ho sits still tho Continent by now, and I’m and harks, as much as to sav. 'Go. afraid it’s a hundred to one against on. old man.'
you seeing cither those gentry or "When I takes him by the collar I their booty again."	roads the name and address
Everyone was wonderfully sympa- right, my fine gentleman’ snvs I. But the detective’s surmise ‘I’ll drive you where you’ro a-wanted
And that moment- I dare say.’
off
law
"I’m afraid not," replied Mrs. Par-
4 4
"Oh, t he bazaar I Yes, yes; of i jcvn#
course I Exactly. But we have oth-1 The duke’s eyes feasted on the er tastes in common, I understand. gt(mcS-
You too, 1 believe, collect sapphires, “Certainly not, Dawes! The invi-«nd I have heard your collection is | tation will" be sent
Miperb.	,	] hero by to-morrow morning, and the
A proud flush mantled the lady’s sapphires returned tho day after, ciuvlv as she acknowledged the im- | p^wes will give you a receipt,” ho peach ment.. '1 lien they discussed fer- j addod, as, with a triumphant gleam vent ly of settings, cuttings, sizes, in her eves, she placed the case in and colorings, and other points dear his hand.
to tho enthusiast’s heart; and when, « The duke’s word is sufficient!" she after a little more conversation, the (l(](]cd proudly matchless jewels wore produced, his
'All
It shall reach
thetic
proved correct
,,us visit to Brighthelmstowe Towers I "So 1 shuts to the door, and my Mrs. Potworth Parkyn’s last at-j gentleman settles himself with his tempt to enter society.—London An- ] head just looking out. and I drives
on till I stops at this hero gate, when out jumps my passenger, a THEY STILL NAME TIIE COOIC. | clearing the door, and walks in as
calmly as though he’d been a rog'lar
faro"
I gave the cabman a liberal fee and congratulated Scoti on his intelligence, instinct, reason or whatever it may be, that told him that as hansom cabs had often taken him safely home before, a hansom cab would probably do it again, seeing that he had lost his master and could not find his way.
was
swers
_	..He bowed respectfully ns he held
Lraces temples flushed, and his eyes ! |icr hand a moment, and was gone. ^ queer custom which prevails at glittered with suppressed interest, it )tut thc solicitor remained behind to no other court than that of Great WaS a proud monieul for tlic incr- make out the receipt, which, being a tain, is tho annoimceiiMint ftt IM chant's wife.	I sensible woman, with	a business	as	beginning	of each course at a dinner
well ns a sentimental	side	to	her	<)f tho naU1<;.°/ the cook who has prenature she took.	Pared the	dishes served. Tho origin
From tho hotel window she	and	her	of, th»s	custom dates hack to the
husband watched the newly-painted reign of King George II., who made she said, reverting to 1 carriage bearing thc ducal crest, a ffrCat. favorite of one of his cooks, the language of their business days, (1rivc r ipidlv nwav.	promoting him to tho rank of chief
"I've got 'em!"	I The duke kept liis word as to the over lll<> beads of all his seniors.
‘ But," ho suggested cautiously, invitation cards. Shortly after lun- Ibis, of course, created great jcal-though secretly sharing her pleasure, cheon the next clay they duly arriv- ousy« an<1 every effort was made to
’ ho^aid nothing about the ball." C(1> Mrs. Potworth Parkyn, in the oust him from royal favor by render-, The latost development in surgery
S.
tier that driss by wire!”	coronet on thc envelope flap.	blc Greatly incensed thereby, and
*	*	*	#	I	#	#	*	*	fearing to lose his post, he com-
plained to tho king in person, immediately gave orders that henceforth, whenever a dish was placed before him, tho name of tho cook responsible for Its success or failure should be announced in an audible
On his departure, after a reassurance that the duchess would certainly call, she flung her arms round her undemonstrative husband’s nock.
"Old man,
4 4
IS GLASS ELASTIC?
"As brittle ns glass" is an old saying, but like many other things told for true by our grandfathers it will not pass to-day. Do you know that glass can be made to bounce up from the floor like a rubber ball? have seen a glass plate that, thrown upon the table, rebounded with a metallic ring, and when broken by force separated Into small crystals, instead of tho usual scraps. The inventor claims that this glass can be made from tho ordinary kind, that tho whole operation will bo completed in a few hours, and with expense not so great as that of the common and fragile variety.
NOSES IN ANY SHAPE
which is now being practised in Vienna. In tho deformity known saddle nose tho most remarkable suits arc said to be obtained. Tho process consists in tho subcutaneous injection of paraffin, which before it completely sets is moulded into tho desired shape. A warmed syringe is charged with the melted compound and tho needle is inserted between thc eyebrows, just above the root of the
She found | ably happy to notice that.	I inland has only 330,000 acres of I nose. Then tho compound is injoct-
As for Mr. Parkyn. assemblies of forest, as against ten million acres ed into the subcutaneous tissue as aristocratic looking I this kind were not much in his line, 'under gross.	' tho needle is slowly withdrawn.
as
Wo
rc-
The next day brought no duchess, The gathering was brilliant, and if nor tho next, nor tho following one. confined, as Sir Cyril Dawes had It wanted but one day to tho ball, stated, to thc family circle, cortain-when thc unsettled feelings of the ly numbered a hundred or more. Mrs. Pet worth Farkyns were considerably potworth Parkyn’s reception by the relieved by the intimation that the | duchess and thc duke was, perhaps,
mm mt wlW
Mrs. Potworth Parkyn sallied down | reserve, but she was too indcscrib-Joyfully to meet him * iim accompanied not by the duchess but by a tall.
tone
somewhat of a study in frozen
The first practical quick-fire, tbs Gatling gun, was perfected in 1*61.

###PAGE###3###





\
BITS OF INFORMATION.
SONUGHT Soap
NOT CHANGED MUCH


"I am glad/' ho fluid, plcommtly,
"that you have taken up this 'New Woman' idea."
"Really ?" she asked, doubtfully.
"J was afraid you wouldn't like it, but it does scorn os if a woman ought to take a more important part in the affairs of life."
"Yes, indeed," he replied tjcr mind off her clothes, will bo a great stride forward.
Nho will care less for appearances and more for the realities of life."
The Huitor—"Here, on mv knees, I MUCH SOUGHT AFTER. I cour«’." «*>« Bnid- Proud,y-place this diamond ring upon your	___ With our B,‘l,,r^d *P*>«ro of usef.il-
whatth.Roy.ii»vit.tion
It Is genuine ?” "My love Is as	Ar® Llk*’	rel!“nt" .? rl®e? <X'T to	UH~:,
are paid by Government. Igenuine as the blush on your cluck." Highly prized as are invitations to exactly, ho returned. Now, if
I'hcHC averaged $2,01)0 a head last | Mother the love 1 1 mean the royal functions, the magic piece of ;•v"n" 'vero not a "®w ^oman you
diamond."	pasteboard itself is not, as a rule, "01,1,1	1,0 dreadful'y mortified to
of very magnificent appearance, li trunk t hut your hat was not on is sometimes distinguished from M(r,l|irht, but being a those issued by loss august entertain- dohn l «ho cried, "I must look ers by its superior size. Tho private I"1*' a bight, invitation cards of her late Majesty Queen Victoria were about 7 inches long Jiy 5 inches broad ; but, othcr-Whcn babies arc restless, cross, or wise, like tho everyday atti. o of
and Princesses, disappointingly nnregal to look at, says London Tit-Hits.
Tho "open sesame" to Westminster Abbey on the occasion of Queen Vic-
torla’B coronation whs a plain card I Ceylon Tea IS the flrtCSt remove the bearing the royal arms and the seal	.
of the Earl Marshal of England, and I 63 the WOrld prOdUCG3, anyone of inscribed as follows :	| gnd ,g ^ Qn,	|ead «*•	=
A Few Items Which Will Be Found
Worth Reading.
(T
f	C6
REDUCE\S EXPENSE
One ounce ofSunllght Soapls worth more than Two ounces of impure soap.
Ask for tho Octagon Bar. If your grocer cannot supply, write to LIVER BROTHERS, LIMITED, Toronto, sending his .name and address, >. and a trial sample of Sunlight Soap will be lent you froo of co^t
Of tho seven I'rcaldcntB Franco has had, only ono hus served a full term.
Tho greatest distance that a shot hu« been fired ia a few yards fifteen miles.
In Norway the average length of life Is greater than in any oilier country on the globe.
The number of men who died of consumption is 140 per 1,000, but only 1115 por 1,000 women.
To keep the world's cables in working condition calls for the constant employment of forty cable ships.
The travelling expenses of Italian WP.'I


070
èk/ ^clc6*
à m /dctCi
JÔOj
over
JÙJ- 75 L
'It will and
take
that

y
ffPC III ,
The 112 railway companies of Kng« land and Wales employ between them 812,000 men. The Scotch and Irish companies 40,000 men between them.,
THE ** 9T POPULAR DENTIFRICE
I #
o
Ci ALE FOR REAL ESTATE. WK WANT f*rm, oil y und town property In nil p rW fcend dt oriptlon »n 1 cash price.
o
o' Canada.
H wermnn nnd (Jo.. II imlit -n, Can
year.
|n Munich the penalty for not filling a beer-gift ne to tho limit Is $125 | RESTLESS LITTLE ONES.
2î»o and two weeks' imprisonment.
IIM S. Nilo Inis tho thickest armour of any British ship on active service. It is in places 20 inches in thickness.
The English railways cost on an
average $250,000 per mile ; tho (1er- I peevish it is the surest possible sign Kings, Queens,
$100,000; and the American | of illness. Well babies sleep soundly
nnd are cheerful and playful when Prisoners when arrested in Maroc-I awake. When baby is cross too many to are required to pay the policeman mothers give so-called "soothing" for his trouble in taking them to medicines, which contain opiates that gaol.	deaden, but do not
The Sultan of Morocco, who has trouble. What is wanted is a. inedi-lately spent $10,000 on a camera, Iclno that will go right to the root of recently paid $1.500 for a set of I the trouble and make baby sleep well gold-mounted bagpipes.	cat well and be cheerful in a natural
Twenty-five of the best-known thru- way. Such a medicine is Baby’s Own 1res in London will sent. 28,000 pco- Tablets, which are sold under an al>-ple, representing a nightly earning solute guarantee that they contain of $80,000.	[neither opiates nor other harmful
tmo of the Buenos Ayres news- drugs. All mothers who have used papers has a consultation-room in them for their littlo ones speak of i which the poor can daily get medical | them in terms of warmest praise.
Mrs. Albert Young, Stratford, says:
"My baby, who is now five months of bread and 50oz. of meat, while an I old, has always been very cross and Italian gets but 81b. of bread and | peevish. She was very constipated
and sleepless. She was n thin, deli-The cheques which pn-ss through I cute looking child and cried nearly the London Clearing-House in six all the time. I did not know what weeks are more than equal in amount to do with lier. I tried several medio nil tho coin in the world. % I icines but they did her no good. A The longest measured drift of a | friend who had used Baby's Own bottle was in the Pacific, from 4deg. Tablets advised me to try them. I south of the Equator to the Fiji did so, and since using them 1 nby Islands, a distance of 6,700 miles, in j has been quite well, her bowels arc 455 days.	regular, and she has grown plump
The ocean used to be considered and good-natured. 1 am delighted T^c fiamo of the guest, together about as deep at	its deepest as	the	with the Tablets and keep them on	with date and hour, were of course
highest mountains	ore high.	It	has	hand nil tho time, and whenever I nby	filled Bi with pen and ink in the
now been proved	to he half	ns	deep | gets cross and feverish I give her n	usual fashion. In the case of the	bin lis	yearly	than	deaths, 'i	his
Tablet and she is all right."	private operatic performances with	number	has	now	fallen	to about
is These Tablets are the best modi- which Her Majesty in recent years 180,000. cine in the world for simple fevers,	sometimes entertained select au-
ral ic, diarrhoea, all stomach troubles (Hence# at Windsor, dainty books of | CALIFORNIA - OREGON EX CURt aati -* -	— i E.„	- ui-k
children of all ages, and dissolved in j The cards giving the privileges of I Union Pacific & Northwestern Jane	stager—"I'm sure of it
water, or crushed to a powder may attending tho funerals of members of runs through first-class Pullman and Lyog followed your every movement fie given with absolute safety to the the royal family, in addition to be- tourist sleeping cars to points in Cal [jas^ night."¦ youngest infant. Mothers who on e ing deeply black-edged, arc often dis- [ ifornia and Oregon daily. Personall> try them will never afterwards use tinguished by n touch of purple, any other medicine for their little being tho royal mourning color, ones. Sold by all dealers in medi-
o
P P
SALESMEN
WANTED
“AU T0SPHÀY ”
FOR
Freeervee the tee h Sweetens the breath. Strengthen# the gums
Peevishness and Sleeplessness a Sure Sign That Baby is Unwell.
Hast compretMd air tpriver made. Sample machine free.-CAVLR» MO»., Call, Ont.
«A, «uu.uuu tuns of hpamwh iron ore are imported into Great Britain in tho course of a year.


Dyeing I Cleaning 1
4
Par the very beet lend year work to the
“ BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING 00.”
man, $55.000
<11 aid's Li lineal u Dtsi b msioier
Montreal,Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec*
"Mary, did anyone call while i was out ?" "Yes. Mr. Snooks Snooks—Snooks ? i don’t know
that no me." "Probably he called to see me."
Mr
Una Steamsîilps
Monti tal to Liverpool. Bolton to Lifer pool. Portland to Liverpool Vis Queenstown
Large and Pe/t Hteeieebige. Superior aeconvnodetioa far ell ei^e-e ol oa mongers ftJooaa end Siateruemg ire amldihipe âfieciel ettenUon hae bem riven to tie tacwid Saloon eud Third -01ms aoooimaeoauoa. Poe raise of Damage	particulars, apply to any agoni
etiheUompany.ee
Bletards. MiUi à Co,
11 dtaioBt. Bov tea.
Westminster Abbey Coronation of Her Most Sacred | packets# * Majesty
QUEEN VICTORIA.
Admit One Person To tho Gallery in tho North Aisle,
On Thursday, the 28th June, 1888
Norfolk, Earl Marshal.
For Over Sixty Veers
dm*. Wikiiow ¦ SOOTH!no Sn UP hap hern used hj
nilllon* of moil)* n for the r children while teeihing 1' eoothea ihr chi 11, tofU n th a imt. a. ¦>> • pain, cure-t aiud en.ic. regn.aies she mom «en ;m 1 bowels, anti I» tL« tK-it re nedy fi r Diurrhœa. Twenty fl.e o.nui a hotel* Sold hf dr	throughout tlie wor d. Lie rure and
ak for" Mm Wmatow anoorniM# hVHirr."
Black, Mixed and Green.
D. Torranee »C*.
Montreal and Portland,
cm tea drinkers try "Sakda" Green ten.
U

50,000 letters passed through the Calcutta, Bombay, and Madras The programmes of tho ceremony I English Fust Otilco daily in 1801 (have a combined population of just
were printed In gold letter», on white [The number is now 8,aoo,ooo. or on
Those honored by imitations to the
late Sovereign’s evening parties gen- I J**# L'Xailro Promo Quinli o Tablets A l
era!ly received a hig white car,I, with	WUZiTb^%
gilt edges, the copperplate form of invitation being :—
Tho Lord Chamberlain has received the Queen’s Commands to invite Forty, on
f
aid and medicine free.
In a week an Englishman eats 9Ih
over 2,000,000
SOLD SORES
Mnard's Liniment Cures LsCrippe
TO (I RK 4 €OLI» H 0*K OIW.
12oz. of meat
omoved or healed by one or two npptL a1 lone of Clleadlne. It keeps the ski* oft and clear.
Urge Boxes 25c. ileadlne Co., Toronto.
There arc 4& million farms in the Japan now produces 2-2,000,OOOÎb. I United Staten, most of them between of lea yearly and VO,000,0001b.	of | 50 a,ltl 'r>fj0 acreS-
sugar.	----------------------
Druggist» or
to an Evening
THF MOST NUTRITIOUS.
# •
the
of
raw Band
• • ••
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL COMFORTING.
CO C 0 A
** P* III»
,	and work* off |):i* ( Iff.
Frock Dress i Loxa’ive Brorn, Quinine Tab'eis cure a cold
la one day. ho ure. No l ay. Price 86 cents.
...o’clock
at
ins rumints, Drums, Uniforms. Kic
In 1810 France had 202,000 more
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAN3
Lowest pike* ever quoted. Fire catalogue .V'Oiilu^trauDns.inallfd free. Write u- for any* thing in Music er Musical Instrument'.
tigain—that is, 45,236 feet.
It is affirmed that no notion
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
fffl/LEf ROYCE & CO., Limited,
increasing so rapidly in height and weight as the British. In fifty years the average height has risen from 5 feet 7j inches to f> feet 8] inches.
The Bedouin Arabs are small eaters. Six or seven dates soaked in melted butter serve a man n whole day, with a very small quantity of coarse flour or a little ball of rice.
The Spanish are among jhe most charitable people on earth. Without n poor-tax. Spanish communities of 60,000 self-supporters feed a pauper population of 5.000 or more.
An octogenarian wheelwright at Nihscy, Lincolnshire, England, who is still hale and hearty, has been n member of n choir for seventy-three years and has never missed a single hoir practice.
SHE WAS ALARMED
Toronto,Out., and Winnipeg, M.iu
HYPNOTISM
His
¦¦¦¦gratify your ambitions; cure dial bad nabits; and wield wonderful power and Influence over others? If so, writ# tor our back—by thirty eminent specialists. II thoroughly explains all the hidden secrets of Hypnotism, Personal Magnetism, Magnetic Dr. A.—"Why do you always make Dealing,Etc. It is the most remarkable work
such particular inquiries as to what b'fore^nbl^h.d iVha» brought au"" w your patients eat ? Does that assist thousands. We guarantee success to you ot
m u BSESF*^'6»'8
me to ascertain their social position	I
and arrange my fees accordingly."
Society Rosebud (alarmed)—"Gramas I conducted excursions from Chicago |ci0US 1 Do you really think he ¦ to San Francisco, Los Angeles and |all L ntc ut SUpper ?"
Tho special copies of the burial ser- Portland, leaving Chicago on Tues-	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
cine or sent post paid at 2f> cents a vice issued to those present at Queen | Jays and Thursdays. Lowest rates, box by addressing the Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Brockvillo, Out.
saw
erises and
HOW HE CHARGED
Victoria's obsequies wero bound cloth of the same shade.
in Shortest time on the road. Finest Scenery. Inquire of your nearest ticket agent, or write B. If. Bennett, 2 King street east, Toronto, Out.
f-
LONDON’S IMMENSITY
IDDLDN'T WALK
The immensity of London can only be understood when wo come to deal with the many sides of the people's lives. Every year about 130,000 babies arc born in London, some 5,000 of whom arc not wanted and arc not welcomed. There arc always more boys born than girls, says the London Express.
More than 400 out of every 1,000 never live to be two years old, over
30.000	little coffins being used every year to bury their remains. More than 20,000 people die every year in London workhouses and infirmaries: but, in spite of the fact that about
82.000	Londoners go to their last Tho lingering tortures of rheuma- account, there arc 50,000 more per-
tism arc too well known to need des- sons alive	in London each New
cription, but it is not so well known Year's day	than there were on tho
that medical science now recognizes previous occasion. There arc more that the primary cause of rheuma- than 40,000 weddings each twelve-tism is impure or impoverished blood, month, 30,000 of which are celebrate The result is that hundreds of suffer- cd in the churches of the establishes apply external remedies which ment. Strange as it may seem, see-cannot possibly cure the trouble. The	ing that we have had compulsory cd.	^ Tjrij
only tiling that will really cure rheu-	ucation now for over thirty years,	Dodd s Kidney I ills	were	recom-
matism is an internal medicine that there arc every year more than 2,-	mended to him,	and he commenced a
will enrich the Mood and free it. from 000 persons married in London who	treatmcnt, and	improved very fast
rheumatic taint. Tho surest, quick- can neither read nor write .	from the first. As the treatment
est and most effective way to do this It Is a common mistake to sup- continued the improvement increased is to take Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, I pose that everybody who can comes until ,10 was nl),e to about his which arc proved to have cured thou-	to London, and that the population	wJ]rk as wc«l as evei.
sands of cases of rheumatism many hg increased almost entirely by this	., ^ he theory so often	advanced that
of them after all other medicines lmd process. As	n matter of fact, close	Kidneys	ore	the most	importai!
failed. The cage of Mr. Philip For- upon 40,000	Londoners leave theme- orffan8	oi	th®	^ody	aa(	thnt	Rlark<
asrAsra;tssi-«-«
Î-J25VM SOX £	KSÆÆ.ÏT EEHB'HEE
has not always enjoyed such good |	‘	for as Baon 88 1)0(1(18 Kidney I ill uon&l nmedW. Do fn	nZthî
zxszs? i,ieesh»rjrs —, *	asstSffiM&fi
have severe pains in the knees, while "that has watery eyes, and coughs	1	8 have been	published, but t I l0	it* normal oondtti n,	tearing	w 11 be	deal others the pam would spread to and hangs his head just tho way	!ilInIy n°?° aH wondelful as t,Iat <>f 1	whiih	Sreihineh'iiuSle”
cralhrem^es whteh ''were o/noavaii jP " What ' <ïhî ^yo^papâlTL his L "e has written a letter giving the j	any
stir, .susses br7 ,he "”r "ll-	a vias.****'=
and thev completely cured the j "He sold him," was the innocent for^a , y or}LC, more aft( r ei,ch n Pro |	F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, Ou
trouble and I am now as smart, as answer.	'°n8°d Pcriod °f	has start-
™~, mmw*
mine."
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills make new, rich, red blood and strengthen the nerves with every dose. It is in this w&y that thfiy Cure such troubles ns r heu mu tism, sciatica, neuralgia, kidney and liver trouble, partial paralysis, St. Vitus’ dance and erysipelas.
Through their action on the blood they restore tho color to pale and sallow checks and cure tho ailments that make tho lives of so many women miserable. The genuine always have the full name Pink Pills for Pale People” on every Sold by all dealers or sent post paid at 50 cents a box or six boxes for $2.50, by addressing thç Williams’ Med icin'*	Brock ville. Ont.
Fifty-six different authorities exercise control over the Port of London.
FOR TEARS
«ranges, Lemons, Fresh Fish of All Kinds
1
AN ABNPRIOR MAN IS THANKFUL THAT NOW HE IS ABLE
TO WORK.
RHEUMATIC PAIRS.
ZiAbrador Herrl
Limited, TOKOXTO,
Shipment» of Cutter, Eggs, Poultry, Haney, Beane, App.os, Potatoes, Seiloitod.
TUB 1) 411 SON CO M MISSION CO.,
CAUSED BY AN IMPURE CONDITION OF THE BLOOD.
Often Found Himself Unable to Lie Down Without the Greatest Pain.—Cured by Dodd's Kidney great benefit from tho use of MIN-
ARD’S LINIMENT in a severe attack of LaGrippe, and I have frequently proved it to be very effective in cases of Inflammation.
Yours,
W. A. 4JUTC111NSON.
Messrs. C. C. Richards & Co. Gentlemen—Last winter I received


Pills
Liniments and Other Old Fashioned Remedies Will Hot Cure— The Rheumatic Taint Must Be Removed From the Blood.
EDDY’S
TELEGRAPH
TELEPHONE
PARLOR
Àrnprior, Ont., Feb. 8.—(Special)—
A very remarkable cure of Backache and Kidney Trouble has just been brought to notice at Basin Depot near here.
Mr. J. H. Martin suffered for over eighteen years with Lame Back so that he actually couldn't walk or lie down without enduring the most dreadful pain. He tried many medi- The population of the Channel Is-cines without getting relief, and was lands has altered less than that of very much discouraged.	any other part oi the United King-
dom in the past 50 years. It 00,789 in 1851, 92,234 in 1891.
USE
““MATCHES
Every Stick
Every Match—
A “ Lighter
was
?
Winaiti's Liniment is the B,st
In 1849 British sailing ships cm-loycd 144,165 men. Last year the number had fallen to 57,000.
[i
T
/

! For a Lame Back !
Sold by Druggist»', 75c. Hall's Wml y Filin are
tho beet.
A lame back means that dull, aching pain over the small of the ba.k, or the “catch*’ which takes you as you arise from stooping. That and all the symptoms of general debility and lost vitality which usually go with It I cure with my new appliance. Lumbago. Sciatica, Rheumatism—1 conquer them all in few days.
Dr. McLaughlin—Fir : In regard to your Bolt for lame back, I can @ay this :-I re found ltjnat a* yoe repr***.;-* \ It to be. aW a Utile better. It» wei^n* Trt gold u!d not buy ît If 1 Oould not get another llito It. I hare uota trouble! with my
of WO. and am
A wind-bag of a barrister was noted for a peculiarity in speaking ; he never spoke without using, over and over again, tho words, "It strikes one.” There came a time when the habit pn snl from him, and this was Y-Z (wise head) has an advaBtSg! I how it came about. Rising to speak over other soap powders inasmuch as jfor his it also acts us a disinfectant
Tliis is a Monthly Magazine of Travel and Edur^tion] published by the Passeng Department cf the New York Central, the great four track line. It contains a fund of interesting and instructive reading matter, and, lika all other features of this popular line, is thoroughly up-to-date. Five cents per copy or fifty cents a year from Geo. II. Daniels, Gcn’i Pass. Ag’t, New York.
Irish fisheries employ 27,000 men In 6,000 boats.
er
client, he said: "M’lud, it strikes one, in reviewing the evi-denc
a
9 9

Eddy stone Lighthouse
The second was built of wood, was 92 feet high, and displayed a light from 1708 to 1755, when it was burnt down.
ISO Kinds for 20c.
hav
wo
It to a fact that Palter'» vegetable and flower «céda are found In me re gantons Mu m an I on more farms than any other Ca In Ame/iva. There to reason for thto. ' We own mid operate over fcue mere# for the rrudu.-Uon of onr choirs seeds. In order to induré you to try them w» make tt.o following unpreo jr" edeii led offers
a\ ffffSO Cents Pot; f fti
back since I was 17 years
non ville, Ont
Any man or woman who will secure me earn have my appliance and pay when cured I ask no pay In advance.
"Dr. Williams
Minard’s Liniment fer Rheumatism i
m
box
m
In the Crimean War there were 344,400 admissions into hospitals. 46,000 more than tho total strength of our forces.
Dr. McLaughlin’s Electric Belt
„. assn	&vys3*s
of my experience to my modern appliance. It fbee a glowing heat-no bnrnlnfr, fid •hook. Cure# while you sleep.
The average canal horse can pull a barge of 25 tons at 2| miles an
hour.
1* M U |ier*.oee UkiImi, IS rwrlm IciiaM vartsÜM, IS spleeiU he,leer's.
*
À countryman walking along tb‘-
streels of London found his progress
stopped by a barricade of wood.
"What’s this for ?” said he to a
'•Oh, that’s to
fPage Woven Wire Fence
‘ Owliik* to the variations of the Canadian climate, cons dvrablv allowance must be made in all fences for contraction and expansion, which makes an or d i nary wlro fence un:*?r vicesble, aa when it expand*
I m ________ It becomes eo loose aa to provo of little value. Note
he continuons coll	! m me km it elastic and self-régula tin g The Page
Wire Fence is madeof “Pnge" wire, which i* twice aa strong ae ordinary wire. Prices are nerticnlarlv low thifrtrea-on. 50,000 miles of Page fonças now In ore we also make Oates.
|| m Poultry Nett«p;. I hj r-.jo W>ra Hanes Cn., L*m Isd, W»l*»rvHI». 0*t. >
of cboine vegetable»,
in all 110 kind# bttobds of cl lots and lots V . tier with onr great cataUtru* b line all about t*?« .vnte end It* Oat sod B remue and ff pelts, onion seed at eoc. a poaad. etc., ell far
- r
::::
j., i -on stjincllm:	Y
stop tho fever from spreading, piled tho other, by tho way of being ocosv ¦' Ah.” said tho cowntrvman. •Tvo often heard of a Board of Health, but I never saw it afore.”
dr. m. Ué McLAUQHLIN, 130 Yonge 8t., Toronto.
orFICK HOURS-» lrl te 8 JO p.m.
ro-
iOHN A. SAL2LR SEED CO. U Croate, Wit
tii
y


.
771
###PAGE###4###





«art

*

H .il. Win. Tomjleton, of Victoria, B .0. who ti t n the D m itiion Cabinet a» Minister without portfolio, U a native thti OUawa Wiley. He val born iu Pükenlm», educ.it >d ihere and afterwards engaged m K«wapa| b iahed the Almonte Gazette. Ile moved to Victoria, 1» 0 , in 1884. Three times ho was au unauccddeful eaudidaie fur I he
THE EQUITY.
Busy StocSç-ïakifig
MASSE Y-IIÜ REIS
SMART & SMITH SHAWVILLE
i
*
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE, FED. 20, 1902.
work. Ho e#'li-
er
But not too busy To Sell Goods !
*•
w

It is anid tba‘ full it.v atigation of the nr my remount scandal will reveal the fact that Great Britain his been swindled out «ots» if ('ominous, and as a reward for
party tabor was calhd to the pi new IB
1897.
Wc are still in It, and prepared to supply the Best Line of Farm Implements in the Market.
\
f £8,000,000.

Bo you want any of these ?
CHOICE GROCERIES, of all kinds,
CANNED GOODS DRIED FRUITS,
MEATS, LARD, &c.,
SALT AND FRESH HERRINGS, RED HERRINGS,
FINNAN BADDIES,
FRESH HADDOCK, PIKE, &c.
Cmtraois for fivo hundred tons of cast-iron piping for shipment to Port Arthur have gone to Canadian firms in competition with firms in New York.
Quebec Revenue.
FRKMI1B VAR1XT MAKER URATIFY!Mil AN-NODZCCSMBXr OK FINANCIAL KB-
S0UBU18,
mis
zy
9
WASHY-
-HARRIS
SECTIONAL
SEEK*
Twenty three million, five hundred thousand d dlais is the estimate coat of the improvements the Canadian Pacific Railway Company w ill make on iteayatem in the near future. This will include the cans*ruction and repair ahopa in Montreal and other places, new equipment reductions cf grades and the building of second tracks, and grain elevators and terminals Ten million dollars is to be expended cn lotivea and other equipment, and #0,500,000 on reduction of grades and other track work.
Quebec, Feb. 14.—Hon. Mr. Parent as minister of lands, foreafci, mines and fisheries, makes announcement in his third annual report that the gross revenue of his department for the fiscal year ending o.i 30th June last amounted to #1,405,003.07» being the largest of re
cord. That of last year exceeded the gross receipts of all preceding yeirs and tins now been exceeded by no less a sum than $105,031 34 Moreover, lus» year's revenue from Mr. Parent's department is
¦fiS toss!
ssæna®
crown timber limits held in June. 1301, ST ^ h «	|r% yHj % & JR ^ > ,1 >;•
which netted Uie province $376,047 19 li	A	, 3
or an average of $81.12 pvr square mile,	^ -k v ~	t O'U 1901
the premier holds that the prices were	W $ 5	H	SWe B 1	1	i
most remunerative, "and enabled us to	A tL \J? -cW, JL.J A K AyJt •vJw	]
correctly appreciate alt the wealth we possess in the immense forests which
still over n eoneiderable portion of our j Rpniember that W0 «11*0 adding to OUI’ reputation 3S
Ul‘‘" 1	ufacturers of High Grade Flovr.
m

y';

1
IMU i
Broad-cast Seeders, Hoe Drills, Shoe Drills, Steel Land Rollers of the latest and most
improved makes.
Samples ou band for inspection. See them before buying.
Spring Goods to arrive immediately after $toc\-Taking.
:o
MACFARLANE BROS.
0
O
SMART & SMITH’S.
1992
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT MILL !
Mr. John Charlton, M. P. who has been carrying on a propaganda of his own during the past year or ao to bring about closer trade relations between Canada and the United States, has thua early in the session given notice of the following resolution “That this House is of the opinion that Canadian import dutie« should bo arranged upon the princip e of reciprocity in trade conditions ao far as tnay be constatent with Canadian interests that a rebate of not less than 40 per cent, of the amount of duties imposed should be made upon dutiable imports from
nations or countries admitting Canadian , .	.	.	,
natural product, into thoir market, freo	S ,ur!,fe*
of duty ; and that the aca'e of Canadian d"d.at fi 2B c! ; th”	*
duties ahoulrt be efficiently high to avoid j ^s.de“ce “l	CJT }',
inflicting injury upon Canadian .ntere.t,	*7/’ Djffer‘“ bad b t"‘ lo“*.!n
in ca,« where a rebate of forty per cent. ,l.\h(a,'h', ,U? .	peacefully
or more shall be made uuder the condi- af,„er a mght of total uueomciou.nm. linns aforesaid. u	1 London, Feb. 12—Lord D u florin nev
We wonder if Mr. Charlton feels like | er wholly recovered from the shuck which •exchanging any of those timber limits he | h9 experienced as the result of the death holds in northern Pontiac for some of the | °f his son, Lord Ava, in South Afiica, and bad lands ” of Dakota ?	I the failure of the London Globe finance
corporation, limited, and kindred com. ,	, «	. _	.	. panics of which he was a dircc or, com-
Cabinet Changes and Senatorial L!eted l llbreak dowr. w.th the «cep
Appointments.	tion of hie youngest sou, Lord Himilton-
—	Temple Blackwood (who is with his régi»
Tho following changes in the Dominion	the Ninth Lancer*, in South
Cabinet, and appointments to the vacan-1 Africa), mil the family were present at
the deathhod. Lord CUndoboys, the eldest son, who it a cleik in the foreign office, and who married Florence, daughter of John H. Davis, of New York, «note vd a tu the title.
1901
OR
OREMOST
URNITURE.
man-
The Marquis of Dufferm Dead.
L'indon, Fdb. 12.—Ti:o Muqui* of
Duffdrin, f. rœerly Gnverinr Geiural of,	. ~	,
Canada, Mid who ha i til ed many i.i^h j We want Milling and Seed Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it! We have a large stock of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make 1‘kices Right.
You don’t Catch Us standing still and trying to do business solely ou a reputation already established, No, sir !
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us aud you’ll prove it.
e e
# »
# #
JAMES WILSON.
We have also a first-class assortment of
TKÎlM.t REASON ADI.R.
('HARO» MODERATE.
PERSONAL ATTKNTION.
THE FAVORITE
SATISFACTION OUARAWTOID.


J. GRAHAM
SHAWVILLE.
GOOD STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
T“ mmm Rash is King.
SASH and DOOR '	_	°
rWf-Vl-1
A BHÎ STOCK NOW ON HAND
n
aies in the Senate took place a few days prior to the assembling, of Parliament
Hon. David Mills to be a puisne Judge
of the Supreme Court of Canada, vice Gwywue, deceased.
Hun. Charles Fitzpatrick. Solicitor-General, to be Minister of Justice, vice Mills, retired.
Henry G. Carroll, M. P. (Kamour-Mktk to be Solicitor General, vice Fitzpatrick .
AT

WAINMAK



k* •
Beginning with the Now Year I have decided to conduct my business on a new basis, by selling for

FACTORY
Ross' Deep Duplicity.
Your choice also of several other makes in Oook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
(Formerly McCredie & Ijodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
Mr. Ross having ascertained that a I large number of prohibitionists would not |
_	be satisfied with the referendum dodge,
Senator v\ llliani Templeman to be a j Lut proposed to punish him for his deli-minister without portfolio in tlio Federal berate breach of promise, by voting
_	lagains’the Government at the comi g
\\ illiarn Gil>snn, ex-M. P. (Lincoln and j general election hit upon the plan set Niagara), to be a Senator.	forth to put them in a hole. If these pro-
James McMullen, ex-M. P., (North hihitionists veto at the general election Wellington), to b# a Senator.	they will make it so much harder for
Hen. R. W. Scott will be government themselves when tbe referendum vote
leader in the Senate, assisted by Hon. comes up, for they will have to show more William Templemao, the now minister I than half the vote» cast at the general from British Columbia,
CASH AND FARM PRODUCE ONLY.
tiy this method I expect to be enabled to dispose of good4 at the smallest possible margin of profit to myself and a corresponding advantage to thoee who favor me with their esteemed patronage. : :
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH VP TO . DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. ::	::
4 full !iqe of Stove Furnishings,
election to accomplish their desire, If they	the general
Canadian Cattle in Aberdeenshire I election, it will be so m uch easier for
____	them on the re’erondum vote, and there is
The removal of the British embargo on where Mr. Rosa has. the advantage of Canadian castle is evidently still a live [his honest prohibition brethren.
’location in Scothnd, aa shown by the
following horn from a recent issue of the I The Condor is Undoubtedly Lost. 4t North British Agriculturist " a paper1 which has strongly opposed the free ad mission of Canadian “ Stores, ”
4‘ A rather curious debate for a Literary Society, 44 Should the restrictions on Canadian cattle bo removed? " was held in the Public Hall, New Deer under the
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
G. E. WALNMÂnT SHAWVILLE.
With many thanks for past favors I wish all my customers the compliments of the season, and trust the year 1902 may be to them one of prosperity and happiness. : :
P. S.—Highest pries for Hides and Pelts.
A full «took of Doors, Sash, Mould-
• #
# #
Silas Young,
on hand and Custom Work done as usuaL
discovered platinum they w< u’d do lire it was silver and « iffer from $3 to $4 ao ounce for it. The r.saay i fficifls do not tie themselves down to any exacf state. . .TtoH. M..J* «.-H. K K
meploei of the locsl Literary Society. Egeria ha. returned here after an ob- ,olfed ,uml Tar,ir,B from hundred, to The local papers state that there waa a sence of two weeks, during which time thouasade of dollars, large attendance’ and considerable in she searched along the west o -ait of Van-
tereet wa. taken in the debate. Mr. couver Island for trace. of the	The End of the gteen Contra-
Nils, caachbuilder,supported the negative Condor, which left here for	u at
nnd Mr. Godrnian, of Maina of Fedderate, the beginning of December. She brings
<he affirmatire. Mr. Nile made an able back what appeira additional proof that i The appointment of the Reverend F. speech in favor of his side, pointing out the (-oudor foun tered to the itcim 8teen „ Vicmf Christ Church Cetkr. the injury that would be done to small of D.cemtor 3. Thia con.i.t. of a .heath dral with tlv, fu„ eliar.,fl „f ,h„p»r«.
farmer, and crofteis who depend mainly f.om the Royal in*.U tiuek w.th il#Uhial work; while iho Vonerahe Arch-their stock for a living, were Canadian, aamnt.keable mark of^ the broad arrow d „oon if,irmn rem in, Reel, r of Mont-admitted :but Mr. God.man . who argued imprinted on v. Attached to ihi. waa a r<ai wj,h fBM autHon y in pur.':v Cethe-saaio’y on Free Trade theor ea waa one .mail portion of a «par and a quentiiy of dra| matlergi j. , hippy aol» ion of too many for him and in the end carried gear. Officers wlioexamiutd it are « f Tex0C| “S^ctn controversy. 1 the affirmative by a considerable majority, the opinion that the truck, falling to the arrangement involving, no doubt, aune The great majority of those present were	tl}esh^athroay l ave been broken |ieri0lia| flscr fire*, ie highly credit*b!e to
not farmers at all, but the vote shows how off it. Ouly the sheath wa, brough- h re h1| phTt\eB wh ,#K consent wa» necessity opinion may go even in this Urge cattle M having a mark on it, la all that u valu- t) jti An un plaçai • eo.-Ua,tied scandal breeding country.	ahle. Ihe boat that was picked up off h&, Weu avoided; one ,.f the most el
A house tt some time sgo, wu».to carried quent preAchere „Dfi original thinkers i., hero by the roiunung vessel. The Lg* di cese return* ti active w irk in a sphere rise voyage w is no withuui tici eiutn 0f grenr naefulries*: snd there is nrery >Vhei, coming eut „f C ayoquo Sound prospecl thftt thfi f!llhedral service will
she had a narn * <, nom ... h • action. hv-co ne more popular than ever — Moot* Butter, print, 22c. per lb. Steaming at about threoquictors speed rvi. aUr	*
she ran on a submerged r«*ck Three	*	m_________	“	palb. 17 to 19c. per lb,
quarters of the entire length of the cru-	TW^ncr Dofith	Eggs, fresh, 30c. per ooz.
z	« ,'r	- _	». p. t*
and remained until high wa er at mid- man die - aptfi: katino. G > hard Lamb, 6 to 10c. per lb. •
night, when fortunately she floated off!	,,M,IFI>	KGO#e	Mutton, 4 toOc. per lb.
uumjdre-	.	I Antwerp,	F- bn	-y	13. ~M.	Leys mr*#,	Beef, R) to %c. per lb.
a no;ori«.u6 v urmand, » « aiNn himself Pork, 87.25 to $8.25 per 100. to death a; K'iÜHêF. He frequently aie . .	... OA
forw.ge>	i	v ,.m. i	iue'wdlut	Chickens, 66 to flOn. a pair.
iwelve yards	f »	n	u a on* wi ring,	Oats, 47 to 48c. per bushel.
300 mue,e*.„d wr „ u rf. n br.&d it	Hey. *&60to $9.00 per ton.
another. The	- / w - 4hit he	,,
cuid not .,»t *<n	,1 . i	. Wool. 12 to He. per lb.
an hour Whon pi ; p 1 L v a ns had devoured *rxt\ n , id c 41, qnerd-
ly he lost the b t
became violently
THE MARKETS.
HIS MAJESTY’S SHIP EGERIA HA9 RETURNED TO VICTORIA WITH MORI WRECKAGE
AS EVIDENCE.
Starke’s
Corners.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) 08 to 78c. Flour per barrel, $3.40 to $3.80. Oats per bushel, 40 to 46c. Passe per bushel, 70 to 75c. Buckwheat, 45c. per bush. Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Kggs, per dosen, 00 to I5o. Butter, per pound, 00 to 15o. Ducks, per lb. 6 to 7 cents. Chickens, per lb. 5 to 6 cents. Turkeys, per lb 8 to 9 cents. The | Pork per 100 lbs.. $7.00 to $7.50. Beef, per 100 lbe., $3.75 to $4.00. Wool, per pound, 14 to 10c. Pelts, each, 40 to 50c.
ROBERT C. ROBBINS.
Here it is I	8"*™ES
The Place and °a°s°Hr
versy.
ou
?LI
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and En* ^Hamelled Ware.
Eavetroughing,
Roofing and
Repairing
Noatly done at lowest
prices.
Id connection with my former bus!-. ness I have just placed in position a f
Bides, $4.75 to $5.00. Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each.
f -
set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
The Legislature Opened.

Sash,
OTTAWA.
Tht Quebec Legislature was opened on Thursday lait by Lieut.-Governor Sir Lou!# Jette.
The speech from the throne dealt with the question colon zatun and foreshadowed the appointment of a commission to seek means of improving it, and examine that pertaiuing to it. After a reference to the negotiations with th* Dominion government as to the province's right to the inland fifherit*», road improvements edu-ca ioral advancement and improved stock raiding were touched upon.
Boors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first class work.
Vancouver, B. C., Feb. 14 —The Canadian government essay office here states that quantities of platinum ore aie being The largest mining deal in the district bought up in the Klondyke, according to of Algoma, contiguous to the Canadian its information, at $4 an ounce, and being waa consummated last week, disposed of at $15 and $20 an ounce.
a mililonare lumber- Au organized gang appears to have beon to Fred R. Rico, of operating in this profitable field. Its
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future in crease in business.
DALE BROS.
I

Ghawville.
when Frank Perry
paid 860,000 WÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊIÊÊtÊIKKKKKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊ/ÊÊÊÊÊÊtÊÊIÊIKÊ
the “Soo” for his holdings in the Supe-1 members would visit claims whose the
rior Company’s property.	' clean ups were being made, and f I ey
4 .

JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
¦ St. Mary * (Roman Catholic) church, <te he | Montreal, valued at 840,000 was destroy by tiro on Sunday.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
sbo*I

r ^Mr
?ojo txuired.
v a














HUB

###PAGE###5###


=• r




»
THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Court Shawville,
No 216.
#1M
w-.-sh
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests,
Will, la II El) KVKKY TU VUS» AT
AT BHAWVILLK, Oo. POSH AV, QUE, SUBSCRIPTION - $1.00 A TEAR IN AO TANCE.
No paper «topped until nil arrearage#
l)re paid, un loss by special arrangement wlib the publisher.
?
Glimpses
County Pontiac a Largest Waro-Rooms.
! A	A\i. ! 1 M-Xl» tho ;;*& Wedncr
I I till X	II."
-	¦ÀL'\I Court dues must be paid
yjSÿl ijr^Sr Promptly every month.
XV-jj-—'¦•--'•¦f/ V'iklllng brethren cor**	dlttlly luvittid.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
of Spring
/. A. Cowan,RH
H. H. Raunett. F.s
:o:
John DiCBKTt, C. Il
Before placing orders for Spring Goods I wish to remind tho general public that
,	ADVERTISING RATESj
Lewi advertising, eight roots per line for Ural Insertion and four rents per Hue for each subsequent insertion.
Rumines* card* not exceeding one inch iu-•cried at N OV per year.
I/tcal announcements Inserted at the rate offtve cent* per line for firm Ineertlon and three cents for subsequent intortlouu
Commercial advertising by lb tor longer periods Inserted at which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Inalruc Modi accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-1 Imbed free of charge, obituary poetry th cents per line.

HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
WE HAVE THE MOST UP-TO-DATE FARM MACHINERY ON THE MARKET-------------------------
irivi
Early Arrivals of Spring Goods at
The apot for*—
e month or low rates,
as a glance at the construction of Disc will show ; also the number of sales made to the leading farmers on their merits.
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Uood Shampoo, o«
A Clean Shave.
The Up-to-Date Store !
Vour Turn next
ree
CEO. HYNES,
JOB PRINTINO.
Note.—Pole can be arranged for two, three or four horse», instantly without removing pole. Made in nine different sizes from 1G to 20 inches ; double lever—a great convenience on side hills and turning at end of furrow.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and ohespiyexecuted. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
Our First Shipments consist of..........
New Dimity Muslins : Fancy Spots, Plain, Fancy Stripes (silk effects); Organdies and Plain Lawns.
New Mercerized Sateens, Fancy Japanese Silks, and Beautiful Delaines in stripes and checks, for Spring Blouses ; new Laces and Embroideries.
New Lace Curtains and Netting.
Zephyrs, Prints and Ginghams are here in abundance.
See our Fine Mercerized Sateen Underskirts with deep accordeon-plaited frill.—Splendid value at $1.50 and $1.90.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
Business Cards.
MEDICAL,

F. M. A. McNaughtorç, B A-,
A large, well sc levied and varied stock of Furniture always on baud, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING HHH
I also keep a complete stock of l'une-ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All cat la receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
Graduate of McGill University,
0dice-Residence of the lato Dr. II. II Knox, tihawville.
Office hours -Monday, Wednesday and
Saturday afternoons.
A. SMILEY.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith,
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D, C. M
F. T. M. C.
Grvlnate of Trinity Uolrerelty, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria Unlrorilty, Toronto. Fellow by examinstton of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
0 tries xsd RsaioicrccE : J. 11 AMtimtovu’e IIoujs, MAIN STUEKT - • 8ÎIAWVILLB.
District and Country.
It i« rumored that the price paid to - Mr. Booth for tho C. A H. is $20,000,000.
The Lindeay curler# have won the Ontario Tankard.
A rh ick of an carthqmko VM fjlt in New Brui.iwick.
Arnprior has a rifle association under the rnilitia regulations.
LEGAL.
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L L. L,
There is no other Store within your reach where you can choose from so many Patters, Colorings and Fabrics as here.
BRYSON,
ADVOCATE
e #
Headquarters for
WM- GAMBLE,
UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
BARRISTER, &c.,	I Brockville carried a by-law to expend
Itoom 20, Trust Building, No. 4d Sparks 000 on improving the lighting plant
St., Ottawa, Ont.	of tho town.
The Atlantic steamship companies have combined to advance both passenger and
At Shawvllte, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
¦Knee-over O. F. Hodgln»' Store, Mein St. I freight r.Us.
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods,
Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware,
Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
J. F. GR02TAU • •	• • LADYSMITH.
G.F.HODGINS.

—---------------------- The Henry block Uxbridge, owned
G EO C W RI GHTe bjr Mr- 8* (,âr!and» Toronto, was dea-
1 frayed by 5ro.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AG ,
or thjc PHoviwoa or gueuse,
Trust Building—
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1384.	I Ottawa bakers have decided to cam
uuude courts of Ottawa and Pontiac bine and build a big bakery in Hull to AWtAgt#,	! escape the rigorous Ontario laws.
James Macfarlane, C. P. R conductor of Smith’s Fall# had his right leg taken off at Dalhoutie mills.
HONG KEE,
While . attempting to force a door to obtain entrance lo Malgoriw Vailancourt’e residence at Sault Bte. Marie, Out., Pietro Oasts» ilo was shot and killed by
Vullsncoart.
J. Murray, a Mol trail hotel keeper, was fined #20 or two months' imprisonin'ub :o < o .h.g a C.P.H Lcket.
ARTHUR McCOWEELL, B. C. L,
• advocatb, *»,
LAW CHAMBBHS )
CHINESE L#0HY,
The body of Mrs. Gustave Miller was the 0.
, While locked up on a charge of P R. tracko at Winnipeg drunkenese at Brockville, Williem J. having bien run ever by a train.
Louis Rinor, jmitor of the St. Oath- Sund*y morning.
with arson.
MAIN STRKKT.,
HULL, - - QUE. found on
Next door to Misa A. McRae’s,
K.„ „i«i ..	£,21 Main street, - Shiwville.
OSE PH RODGERS’
J
At Shawvllle 3rd Thursday each month.
At request attends Courte in District of Pontiac. Prompt collections and iirnnc- atine* post* (lice, Ima been ariested on a diate remittance». Special attention Vo jaenous charge made by his daughter.
Laundry work of all kind» done in first
John Scott, 05 years of age, at prêtent class style.
The Ottawa City Council will not aid I serving a two-year term in the Central ,_ Ml the Live Sti ck Show which it it is pro- Piiaon, Toronto, was given three years
posed to held in the capital this year. more on Tuesday by the Julge at Guelph The new whatf at No way R»y, n-w
on another offence.	| being built at the Upper Ottawa Im-
iltee, have been a. rested on	g Î they intend enlarging it next year agai*.
copper ,Teer4from",hree Lmcoîo l «ht a	ICast steel to the backcone, 3& inch handle. Price
P°Wer 0O>	1 The Almonte Time. : “The three I 25 Cents J postage 5 C6IltS.
in town ore recovering 1 Write fop Catalogue of other ad-see.
iiiii»
Genuine Pocket Knives

W. W. IRELAND,
> 4

The Blanche River Pulp and Paper Co. are in hop* a of aecuring the exfe. a on of
e"..	WWTLd % 1,htir Pri""*ei Dear ““**«•
faotorlly.	| The City Council of Guelph are discus-
• - QUE. sing a by-law to limit the number of
licensee in the city U 14.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
SHAWV1LLE
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
AND HAVINGS OJ..OF' ONTARIO.
MO MIT TO LOAM OM EAST TERMS* BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be In ShawrUle on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
Vancouver College has has been affiili-
electric wire in the boiler-room et the | serious injury.	| patienta, and a trained nurse from Ot-1	9 mm
building.	I Many wrecks are reported from the taws, who has had an extensive practice-------------------------------------------
John Legree, of Cshbogie	is	under	Maritime Provinces	as the result of the	in nurairg smallpox	patiente hee been ! Quebec m*y arrange the	time for	»he
arrest in Kingston on a charge	of	forging	brg atorm. . The	coal sit amer Maris,	secured.	meeting so that one fair	will follow	the
the rame of S. J. Dempsey to	» $100	from Boston, was	lost near Yarmouth, Ltst spring a Sudbury French-Canadian	other ând ,looe wii!	One of	the
LICENSED AUCTIVNEBR tor theCoanty | promissory note.	N. 8 , sad her craw was J®wued wJl,h	otme(| Dumaa packed	up a lot of boot*	*d vantage of this plan would be that	ex-
forcibly ejected from the council room	emigrants coming to Canada smallpox. Dr. Bryce reports that at
by two constables.	I next au turner.	. | leant eight cassa of the disease have re-
sulted therefrom.
NOT t R Y FOR THE
McDOUGALL & 0UZÜTER,
- Sussex St. Ottawa.
Sold by All Newsdealers
J. J. TURNER,

p
m
Tne meeting was K ibertson.
eioner, warn chairman.
Addressed by Prof. J. W . I Commissioner of Agriculture and Diiry-
HOTELS.
Furnishes Monthly to all loves* of Son* and Music a vast volume of Mow, Choice tng ; Supt. O. C. Creelman, of the Farmers Copyright Composition» bv the most pop-
lu.litute ly.tem. To.to. and Mr. H
B Cowan, of the Ottawa V l * y Journal Fiscs» for Flans—Once a Month for #* Mt-tera. Crce'm.n »,,d O w n were >p
pom Lad a commit tea to confer won the performerton the Plane or Organ, we will send COLONY FROM AILS A CBA 0 WILL FOVMD I fairs thioughc ul Ontario sud Quebec you a copy of the Magadne Fiwe.
NEW LONDON IN THAT PiSTai	T.	I about managing the times of uietumge.	ei.Mt. »	rLUn *!f	m
¦Pü	WÊML	A second rraolut.on was passed askmg th*	«Wh a Locust St».. FhModsipHo, F,.
a j j n d o	:n*ft | Toronto, Feb. 10.—The colony < f Ootmo Government sp:>o nt » lUpor
^	. t.	,	w	,	.	n , ®ro'vd.(-t	1	in «	\peop\e from Ailaa Ctaig, who have	taken	Rendent of fair» and combine with She
The	popnl.tion	of	MuioK	P.rrf colli.ion with « light engine	the I land in A-m tr.mg tvwn.hip,	in tb,	„Up,riDl,ndent .,f the P.nuAr1. In.tili»#
¦ isdpisi §mm
tian who has died in the city in the last 9A	*^e New Ontario patnph eta.	mext \evb	been consummated. The buyers are Geo.
“d	six years.	Fire at Franworth on Thuruky did Frank A kmsoti, in a letter to Director	- ,	W C n k. nephew of H H. Cook, and
Ss	line fr03‘ Burlm^t3n *° 0ak,r,l,e-	store ; Floyd and Son. merchant tailor ice, that they nuyget settled early. Tb se
jewellery, Rev. James Livingstone, of Windsor, shop and residence; York’-i barber shop; Ailaa Craig people ha vocal led w hut they ülLVïKWARE has been offered from the Methodist J. O’Brien's shoe store, Thomas Barry’s intend to be t i»n new London hi.u
Church in Daws m City #3,000 and grocery store.	have already applied tu have a post office
Ue “ C°n6idCrinR th	A„ awful exp'.,On occurred a 6 13 t , ^^:d" b^kTm.Th .’h™^ °P
Bgg^^gggggggorao y.	I night, startling the whole t>wn. The |
iHtfîiuB, 1.1 Jist,	,1%% ïste’îrîarrusir s n=, t™.	™ f.,„.
taws, bave been arrested for contempt boiler room w«a completely wrecked " m .	"	_	.
of a judgment in favor of Mr, Gibson, of George Unw in», one of the proprietors, Saya the Ottawa Journal < f Friday last :
assesses ssp m&isSsè
St. Lawrence Hall,
Mrs. Jotephioe Speers, of Owen Sound, WM badly burned about the hands and arms while cleaning gloves with gaeolme, which tx>k fire.
The C. P. R. will endeavor to complete the connection between their through lino to the coast and the abort Montreal Ottawa line. The connection Misi Cecilia Sanderson, of Pefceyboro’, I will paradai the Canada Atlantic in Ot-eniphiyee of the Canadian General taws, and a joint tunnel will probably be Electric Works, fell dead on her way | constructed nnder Sank street, home from on
On To Temiscaming.
Mrs C M» McLean,
<Kl»iton. Table and Bar ml-1 an
Good Aoeo
ways well furnished PlMT-CLAM UV1KY ATTACH*D.
Gigantic Limit Deal.
ii, y onaldsoo
i
z
'V
cura
A SKLBCT STOCK OF
-irfonthe north ahora of the Georgian B--»y, with the little town Cooks’ M Ha as ne centre, and cover eight town-•np*f or three hundred square miles f territory It ia reported that the price ,»aW by Mosers. Co »k and Lumn.it, a# now firm will be called, was $1,250,
ern Canada nest year
Bonk Soup in Hull.—Tim present is onoof the dullest winter* yet exper -enced in Hull, says tho Ottawa Citi/eo. Nearly all work was auspeuded late in the old year and tho alack condnions are
in marked contra building and other year ag . The 01 families in poverty.
Ar. Ac.
Rstaibinu—
A HFSdALITT;
(MX)
ivity in oticed a
rh
F ol. J. Mashaw, of Billings, Montar a w< • .•irtiniM to have been atcLn by St. K g * Indmt when a boy, haa found c t-.vw- ne*r Ottawa, whrre the name ia spelled Michand.
8«)
r atnors repot
h ni on
r a ty and the h all i ;port money
i i
###PAGE###6###


w

I HEALTH VALUE 0E SCENTS.
jhhbbe
»^SB«BaasaB(WfeiMmnwr
5=ÏÏ» FÆt3~ te; S
year which can only bo fed to 'Igs #(| um| if th fall to comc up t0 swelling of the tube which leads from ° thl” ?llc,c8' nnl1 wlth the multiply if planted In nullable soil. 1 elltutlon' to make a profit on them. Potatoes ^ requisite developments, turn the "ose to the car, and when one °njon-lwhlch should bo chopped fine but not otherwise. So the germ or
«nailer than an egg arc generally re- | tlicm to market. Superficial or «wallows the air escapes from tho ear' 1 0ur t<ho SCasoni,tff over the potatoes germs of a cold will not grow in a are obtained in three ways: First by fused in our market, hence I natur-1 fancy markings have little to do ,nto thc tube, which, being swollen 1 an<! m,x wel1* Mayonnaise may be healthy noso; tho mucus membramo spreading fresh blossoms upon glass ally have a quantity of cull potatoes with lho production of the animal, i Prevents tho air from returning and ' for .the dressing, instead of tho of the nose must be prepared by some thickly smeared with pure grease, on hand each year. Of course I do j mcan Mlch points as color on muz- I n partial vacuum is produced in ( 0,1 an(1 vinc^nr and gives tho salad a j ,ocal or general cause which weakens letting them stand in the sun, and as not feed cooked vegetables alone. 1 zle9 or tongues, or peculiar mark- tho middle ear, which causes the ear- I dclicftte flaVor-	itB	Power of resistance. This may they wilt, replacing them until the
use about one pound grain,—ground j on thc l)tulivs	arum to be depressed inward which I	  1	bc	n local disturbance of the blood- grease is as fragrant as tho flowers:
U the bull shows no prepotency, 1 i mechanically presses tho bones of the I	su^ caused by a chilling of the second by repeatedly infusing fresh
get home grown wheat ground at the I wolllcl discard him, no matter how w together, and pain is the result. !	,JCE WATER.	sw-fuco of the body.- or irritation by petals in oil; and third, by infusing
local mills I have the inillci teke muck kc cost, or how fine ho seemed 1	11 lb,s vacuum become» greater the ^ is probable that few occidental inba,at 1011 of duNt or of strong them in ether, which is then distilled
about thirty pounds of the prune ^ nnd Uv again. When one is serum is sucked out from the lining cooks who prepare rice in various fum68' *» of bu^nin« sulphur; or it to a dry solid, floi-1 11 oiu cum v It o pounds v )ca , found that is giving the do ired re- membrane by tho pressure of the vac- I ,onn® tor diet are aware that in dis- i may ®ome defcct in 1,10 construe-
and let the remainder go in the gults in his calves, (always in the uu™. the germs which are always carding the Water in which it ns \,on of lJî° ?n8al cttviticfl* causing a ounce, It is easy to understand why shorts and bran for pig feed. 1 mix gr.lde hcrd und sometimes in the Posent in the car soon convert this b<>‘lvd they are wasting what is rc- <:hronlc d»«charge which keeps the tho ether process, though far and one pound ground grains about | |)uro blood), ! would breed him	into pus. which causes cxcru- eardvd by the oriental as tlio most muro,U9 membrane constantly irrl- away thc best, Is not commonly used,
eight or ten of boiled roots. I steam	{Q hjs own daughters. This cinting pain, only relieved by th0 nutritious part of the food. 'j his I taLl.c<?: ?r 4t may bo somo influence But tho scented grease and the cssen-
two barrels at a time ant find »t 110t only gi\e three-fourths of Perforation of the eardrum, which fact Was curiously proved some wan# I u ^11 depresses the general system ccs made by steeping it in pure spin-economical and most satisfactory to L)ure blood, when the dam is of no finally occurs as the result of the smev» when a detachment of Luro- nm,. mak?s 11 vulnerable to the at- it are never cheap. After all the mix equal quantities of t-’ml,Ps, particular breeding, but will make i tremendous pressure.	peons	and native troops m india lao^Su0,i microbes*	scent possible has been abstracted
mangels and potatoes in each xurel. such a strong infusion of the par- oreign bodies, such ns bends found themselves beleagured in a fort ‘ mht innuonccs ma.v be fatigue, from thc grease it is still fragrant When thoroughly steamed dump the | ticular blood denied that the charac- Pens, buttons, etc., are often intro: *iih inline,out rations, oven of “cntftJ ?nxicty’ loss of *”d tho enou^h to makc thc vcry flDest Pcr' contents of the barrels into a	teristics will be marked and more duetd by children into the ear, and rice, to enable them to hold out un- 1 lk-0, bUt PcrhaP® more oiten self- fumed soap.
tank, and while yet hot mix in the llko, to bc perpetuated in the off- may cause severe pain. A boil mav til a force could march to their Z- f)0,801n,ne by the waste products Al thc citrono scents, bergamot, grain mixture and cut and mash all I, r would then iSvlcvt another develop deep in the tissues of the ex- lief.	ound	111	tho	intestines	and absorbed neroli. orange-flower water-arc re-
hpMr
good for both of these objects, but	dmoARn« J nJ1	even	truer	of	sert,	with still the boiled grain for MV building a dam near Kertch nine in tho same way. Sometimes there
we think that thc Wyandot is still	_a_ tionV nf tL hJkf tIlannof 4°ther p0r- other purposes.	miles	long.	In	the	wall immense sea- j sklp over a generation, as with
dication for proper treatment hv n 8fivcs the impression of being a Mm-j The strength of the French army ther s. We have seen a collection ol specialist.	‘ pie country gentleman rather than j will henceforth be computable by handwritings and signatures in sup-
If tills be done it will moan	nn expert and profound lawyer. * pounds. A rule whereby conscripts port of this contention, and the redire of thc disease at its out^.f	This was evidently the idea of a have been hitherto enrolled accord- semblances are very striking. l hi
professional seller of painted birds, in8 to height has been superseded by characteristic is more marked in wo who some years ago met him in tho a regulation to the effect that re- men than in men. neighborhood of the law courts, and ¦ bruits must weigh 100 pounds per exhibiting one of his birds, asked I fivo foet in height, and proportionate-him if he could tell to what species | it belonged.
The judge stopped, examined the bird with great care, pretending to admire the gaudy plumage, examined ! mcnt it again, and then remarked :
"I do not think I have ever a bird exactly like this, but judging from the old proverb that Birds of a feather flock together/ I should say it was a Jailbird.M
ABOUT COLDS.

I FOR FARMERS
Seasonable and Profitable Mints for the Busy Tillers of the Soil,
I
Scents wore
COOKING FEED FOR SWINE.
notably vervain. The Mosaic
Greece set cinnamon
•Il
n half hour or less
Chemically derived per-
TRUE FLOWER SCENTS
barley, com and often wheat
If I
As this solid sells for $250 an
m
\
People who feel themselves faint in a crowded room, are often the victims of several scents simultaneously attacking their nerves. A single od-Princo Edward of Wales, who is a I or, no matter how strong, after a
CUR FUTURE KINO
POULTRY ON THE DAIRY FARM
is


How can we make fowls hustle and exercise ? First, wo must not feed
too heavily or make it too easy for Splendid Vehicles to Figure in birds to get their food. We must get them out of their houses in winter us much ns possible. The profit ^ be coronation pageant in London in winter depends on having the win bring out such a display of gold hens well-housed and giving special	coloring in the way of state
care. A house 12 by 20 feet is large carriages as has never been seen by enough for	50 fowls.	I)o	not permit	t,ic Present generation
any of the	floor space	to	be occupied	statc carriages are now being pro-
wit h nests, roôsts or other fixtures. pftrcd for Lhe King at the carriage All of the	floor space	should bc re-	works in Abandon street, and u	large
served for	tho hens, and	a part of	amo,lr|f gilding, royal and	noble
EB3	:: %
-h,te - «"
(he royal arms with supporters with chicken with water and boil until the thc Garter, the motto of this Order, Incat 8,‘l>s from thc bones and the and the pendant of jewel, os well as Uil,,‘r *8 reduced to half a pint. Pick tho prince's own motto,"Ich Dien." °" V,:° meut *n good-sized pieces, re-On the left panel is thc familiar do- ,novinff all fat and bones. Skim the vice of the "Prince of Wales' fealh- fslt from ^he liquor and add pepper ers,” and on thc right the addition an,i RQb *° faste, with one-half commanded by his majesty in coun- ouncc of gelatine cil, namely, the badge of Wales. solves pour over the meat
PREPARING CARRIAGES
Coronation Pageant
Several
TESTED RECIPES
AN EMBARRASSING HONOR
¦ . Young men liable to military
service will now train like jockeys in The obsequiousness of those* order to reduce their weight below hope to advance themselves by being the standard, so as to avoid enlist-! exceedingly polite to their supermM
in office sometimes assumes an amusing aspect.
A certain head
who
re-
ef a government
department was invited, says a daily When "progressing" through the [paper, to dine with others nt a streets to perform some kind of ccro- j table with a cabinet minister. Dur-mon.v^ the King takes off his hat on |jng the dinner the former, who Impan average twelve times a minute, lpCned to be placed between a door that is the almost incredible number |and a window,* and had said nothing of 700 times an hour. Tho King re- at all, began to sneeze, quires a new brim to his hat every ««Are you taking cold, Mr. Brown?' fortnight. Being very economical in asked the cabinet minister.	v
his headgear, he does not buy n new "j believe I have that honor and hat every time the brim requires re- pleasure," newing.	I l |
BOWS 700 TIMES AN HOUR
seen
the pieces
corn that is given them and stand around waiting for more. Chopped clover is good and each day will
should he fed and chopped vegetables not take its place. On tho average farm there is much that goes to waste that the fowls utilize, and this helps to give profit
HIS SECOND COMMISSION
A good story is told of a once swell young office» who had been compelled by adverse circumstances to throw up the commission he held
in a crack regiment and to enlist as | Thc hottest place on earth is ap-a private soldier.	; parantly to be found on the south-
Ho found it difficult, however to western coast of Persia, on the Gulf I it is stated that in one of thc Saf> forget his former rank, and one day, ; of Persia. There during forty con- vation Army’s shelters—2d. dors on being ordered to perform some socutive days in July and August houses— in London were recent* rceii ncce.saary duty with the spade, to ; tho mercury has been known to stand 0n tho same occasion, employed us which he-strongly objected, he ro- above 100 degrees in thc shade day cleaners and assistants, an ex-vicap monstrated.	! and night, and to run to 180 in the of tho Church of England, an ex-i
"But, sergeant,'’ he drawled, "or— I afternoon. In Bahrein Island, which | Presbyterian minif*cr, and a gentle: you—cr forget I’ve held TTis Majesty's [ is situated in the centre of this most | man who had, while in receipt o' ission ;	—’’	torrid port of tho torrid zone, water |, r $2	0 a year as an undvrgr;
is un mown
Brow i
answered Mr bowing very respectfully.
can
an
When this dis-
The liquor should bo seasoned highly os
thc chicken absorbs much of the fla-Put the mixture in a cool place in deep bowls to form.
Cauliflower, Parisian Stylo-Boil n good-sized cauliflower until tender, chop it coarsely and press it hard in a mold or bowl so that it will keep its own form when turned out; put the ehu^c thus made that will stand the lic.it and pour
over it a tomato sauce. Make this The sergeant cut him short, bv cooking together a tablespoonful "And now, >ouag li.. j' of butter and fltour in a saucepan and to hold Hie Majesty's shovel."
THE MODEL DAIRY COW
NOTED INMATES
One of the most attractive, as well as popular fallacies, is the idea of cross-breeding. It is so easy for one to think that he can cross the Holstein
vor
BIG* FIRE-ENGINES.
The two biggest fire-engines in The |an unexcelled milk producer, world arc in Liverpool. These arc with tho Jersey or Guernsey, equally the most powerful fire-engines known, eminent in thc line of imiter, and throwing 1,800 gallons of water a produce an animal that has all thc minute and a jet 140 feet high. Tho good points of both and none of force with which the water is ejected the objectionable ours. I he result, from them may be estimated from nineteen times, out of twenty, is an the fact that tho jet was "warrant-animal that hen few of the good ed to kill a man at 850 feet/' points of either its ancestors. Tho end of on hour’s time.

upon a dish


Shafts have been sunk uate, acted as coxswain of tho <>*-vc got | to thc depth of 500 feet in search of | ford boat in tho inter-Varsity Boat
at o of his roar.


it, but in vain
V


l
- '___


###PAGE###7###

her house and took the child to " Dcepdalo.
#	^	________ .%	. g1 "I told tho woman to come again
y	0	W«<l /v	H ^ 4L __ w	bX	t In a week e time. *1 wished to spare
*	h	H I g~*	H >1 S	B B	\ XU 7iOl É* W Lord Lisle the pain of suspense. Uy
^ ll M & xük ü	y A JF* * yy	I 5 that night's mail I started for Deep*	J dalr 11 is a litllu place, ûuits out
q ! of the world, looking as though it e ! had been asleep for many years— © j quiet, calm and unknown. There I made all possible inquiries, end found that Susan Hivers had lived In * Rosemary Cottage ; that she had two children, called Daisy and Margaret, one of whom was her
AAA
A
1
sibllitiefl. Mr
Baker says
importance of the new s < m of timing can hardly ho overestimated. By it all the ships of a fleet cun ho provided with Instruments tuned alike, so that they may communli e freely with one another that the
o
The
e
!
>
| MARCONI’S
j ACHIEVEMENT,
| How Messages Are Sent
X
e # # #
x
X
)
and have no fear ,	enemy will read the mes-
V Hugos. The spy of the future
he un electrical expert who can slip in somehow and steal the secret of % I the enemy’s
companies will each have its
own I When Ougllolnio Marconi went to I this purpose Marconi adopt. ,i a <!.•- !iui<mI ' lrumcnt to n'a‘ixp onl/
¦¦BpsnWHi
mmm rnmÉmm mmmmm ###
Hi Ipeui™==.I Smii mmm
Wyv rne returned to India, hi oken-	| Another great step ill the utilize- j 'v 11 ns , ..	. .-Lji.	the present cable comm iinication. deposited here and there. So that it
hearted at the loss of his child.	tion of Niagara power is announced : Jlavin8 1(5 e 101 L ? * , % Mr. Baker tells how this difficulty has an opportunity to dry and he
1,0 dlf* 11 °* nbandon the search ; one morning in May, as Philip hy Electrical World and Engineer, of ni ,|)'lS^ ,)1|l}	^ ^ ,	v n was overcome.	come pulverized, the least draught oi
never ' Lord Lisle wishes to sec you at ««mos, each driven with its own .	‘ s areuod Mr Marconi The receiver that it responds only to a tho dun*cr of doming tuberculous,
once during tho course of them did once, sir,” said the old man. “He turbine, and developing 5,000 horso- ^	‘ , R , mf.kinie an in8tru„ certain transmitter. That is, if the if his system offers a favorable soil
one iota of intelligence gladden >is fs ia the library, and begged you J™*r. A wheel-pit parallel with j which’would produce a pecu liar transmitter is radiating only *800,- for the growth of the bacilli. IJy heart.	would not lose a moment."	the first one was recently completed, ...	, wave and in receiving and 000 vibrations a second the corrcs- “favorable soil for the growth <>1
lie grew at length to believe Huit Philip turned hastily away. At tho! an(i within tho last year orders were *1 '	. ‘	'	.	second ponding receiver will take only the bacilli” must be understood any
•he was dead.	door of the library he stood for I given for eleven moro water-wheels j *	. b	,	t a llist.mC(5 from 800.000 vlbvr.V.ons. In exactly the	condition ia which the body is tom-
Life had no pleasures for him. He somo few seconds lost in wonder at |ttnd generators. When they are in- J4* ['	T	same way a familiar tuning fork	porarily or permanently enfeebled,
never owed to mourn for the lov- tho scene. Lord Lisle lay back to j Stalled the company will be able to 11,1<‘	* *	r	will respond to another tuning fork Such a condition may be inherited
fug, gentle wife who slept beneath his chair, white and trembling ; supply 110,000 horse-power in the ' A CHUBB BEGINNING.	having exactly the same number of from parents, or acquired through
the waxes—he never ceased to re- Mrs. Wyvcrno stood neuir him, a look form of electricity. Operations are ; „Jt was therefore a practical me- vibrations per second. And Mr. alcoholism or drunkenness or othoi proach himself for having sent for of great excitement on her face and Jlow to be undertaken oil tho Cana- chunical problem which Marconi had Marconi has now succeeded in bring- intemperate habits, through priva her „By so doing, ho had lost both tears shining in her eyes. A strange I dittn Kid(?i	to meet. Beginning with crude tin ing this tuning system to some cîe- <'*on or disease.
lus treasures. He thought of hcr un- man, with a clever, shrewd counten- lho Electrical World and Engineer h()XCg ^ up on poles on the grounds gree of perfection, though very much Besides the danger arising frois t?a.singly, picturing to himself how mice, whom Philip had never teen I Na>'s llmt- contracta liavo Just been of his father's estate in Italy, ho fin- work yet remains to tie done, l or carelessly deposited sputum, or spit •lie looked ; what she would \x> like before, ceased speaking ns he entered placed with the O encrai Electric a„	devised	an	apparatus from instance, in one of his English ex-	tie, the inhalation of the small par-
If she still lived ; had she Margaret’s the room.	Company for the construction of wh’ieh	a curront generated by a hat- periments, at Poole, in England, he	tides of saliva which may he ex
•wwt face and soft, dark hair.	“My dear uncle." cried Philip— three ten thousand horsepower gen- t and posing in brilliant sparks had two receivers connected with l>dled by the consumptive during
At length a change canto In his who invariably addressed Lord Lisle ! cators for tho new plant whoso ul- between two brass balls was radlat- the same wire, and tuned to different his so-called dry cough. or when
by that title—“what is the matter ? timnto capacity, it is estimated, will Uj from a wire suspended on a tall transmitters located at St. Gather- speaking cpiickly or loudly, or when Are you ill ?”	probably reach 200,000 horse-power. ,e But Cutting off and turning ino’s Point. Two messages were sent*1 sneezing, must also he considered as
Philip." said Lord Lisle, earnest- Tllc negotiations have boon conducted ()n lhis peculiar current by means of one in English and one in French, dangerous for those who come in ly, with quivering lips, “thank Cod through tho Canadian Niagara Power L device similar to tho familiar tele- without tho least interference. And close contact with the invalid. Tlv se for me ! My daughter is found !” Company which had tho original grapher's key, tho waves could bo so so when critics suggested that the almost invisible dr dps of saliva may "Found !” cried the young man. charter for tho enterprise, but whoso divided as to represent dashes and inventor may have been deceived at1 contain tubercle bacilli. Recent ex-”Is it possible ?”	rights have been acquired by the Am- dots, and spell out letters in the St. John’s by messages transmitted
“Wo have traced her,” said tho crfi^£ul company.	Morse alphabet. This was the Irons- from ocean liners, he was able
stranger. "We know nmv where she These dynamos will be situated like | mjtter. It was, indeed, simple on- respond promptly : ’Impossible. My was left. Wo cannot say if she is those of the Niagara Falls Power OUgh to start these waves travelling instrument was tuned to receive only still there.”	Company at the level of the surface through space, to jar tho otheric from my station in Cornwall.* ”
"This is Mr. Braye, the detective of tko earth, while the turbines will jeUy# so,to speak ; but it was far officer,” said Lord Lisle, turning to *n a wheel-pit directly underneath. | more dilffcidt to devise an apparatus
Vertical shafts over one hundred | to receive and register them. For feet t long ^ will connect the water-	mgggjggMgggggmgMg
not much, sir,” said tho | wheels with the generators
asserted that these dynamos will be
The closest
?
!
OR
must
t
Without Wires.
<T#
*
X
THE DESTRUCTION OF A PROUD SPIRIT.
•©•••ee0eeeeeO»eeee^s3*o»Oeeeeseeeeeeee® •••(••
SYNOPSIS OF
<
<
tunes. Great telegraph
own


and
ecret
CIIAPTKIt VII
re-
Os
at
on
the
at
er.M
All
SPREADING CONSUMPTION
How Does the Inhalation of tin Bacilli Take Place ?
Twelve years passed, and
fortunes. An accident that created a sensation in the groat world. Lord Lisle and his two sons, who had gone on tho Continent together, were drowned in the Lake of Como. No one knew exactly how tho accident had happened. There had been n sudden gust of wind—a sudden upheaving of the deep, blue waters.
Those who waited for them on shore saw the gentlemen struggle for some time with the waves. The boatmen saved themselves, but the English
"milords," none of them good swim- Philip. “Tell Mr. Lisle all mers, sunk, and were lost in spite have told me," he added, to him of all the efforts made to save them. "It Is
It was more than a nine-days’	man ; "but little as it is, itl	WÊÊ	H	U I
Wonder. People could not forget it.	that Miss Lisle is found. Last	week Itbc largest over	builtJJ
The father, still a handsome man in	a woman	waited upon me. saying she	approach	to	them is	made	by	those
the prime of life, lost with his sons,	had read	the advertisement and could I being	installed	in	the	power	house
two fine, promising young men I give tho information required	HHHHH
The tragedy seemed for a few days name is Mrs. Markham.	Seventeen	! Company, of	New York
to spread a gloom through all Eng- |years ago she lived at No.	11 Linden
land.	Street, Regent's Park. Apartments
The people were loud in praise of	in her	house were engaged by a
the deceit l nobleman. The title	gentleman calling himself Mr. Jfow-
and estate devolved, they said, upon	ard, who was going to India,	and j	A very	curious	fact is the	impossi-
Cuptain Arthur Wyvorne, now serv- !	leaving his wife and child in London. I	bility of	moving	your eye	while	cx-
ing in India. Ik. the nephew, and | Mrs. Howard remained with her until omitting the reflection of that orgin next of kin to tho dead lord, was urgent letters froài India summoned in a mirror. It is really tho mov-his heir at law.	her to join her husband. Mrs. How- able part of the face; yet, if you
The news camo to him, but it nrd begged her—Mrs. Markham—to I hold your head fixed and try to move brought nothing but sadness. Ho undertake tho charge of her little ! your eye while watching it, you can-bad loved the bright, gay-hearted j girl during tier-absence. She was j not do it—even the one-thousandth cousins xyith whom his childhood obliged to decline, ns all arrange- of an inch. Of course, if you look at had been spent He felt a grateful mente had been made for her to join the reflection of the nose, or at any liking for Lord Lisle, despite the her brother in America. Mrs. How- other part of the face, your eye great quarrel and its conse-'urd then resolved to leave	the little	must move to	see it.	But	Hie
queue*#. Ho would far rather they one with some woman who	had been	strange thing	is that the	moment
had lived, and he remained Captain .her own nurse, and the name of the you endeavor to iwrcclve the motion Wyvorne His interest in all that woman was Susan Rivers She lived the eye is fixed. This is one of the cotiSttVni the world was dead. He j at Bçepdule, In Devonshire. Mrs. reasons why a person's expression ns might have returned to England , Markham with her own hands wrote seen by himself in a glass is quite j years ago, but he did not care to do the address on the box containing the; different from what it is when seen I Ho mi~ht have gained posfHçn child’s clothes. Mrs Howard left by oUmsam,	I 1
periments in this direction have shown the possibility of infection by this means.
to
f-
The venerable Dean of Westminster has almost compte eîy recovered from his recent indisposition.
POSSIBILITIES OF THE SYSTEM. Wireless telegraphy has infinite pos-
you
It is
Bile Poisons—Liver Disorders.
means
Headaches, Biliousness and Constipation are Thoroughly Cured by Dr.
Chaee'e Kidney-Liver Pills.
Her of the Manhattan Elevated Railway
4-
Mlere is no single organ in the human body which exerts such a wide intluenco over the other organs as
It has been well named the regulator of tho system. Once the liver grows sluggish and fails to filter the bile poisons from the system, there comes pain, disease and detail. The head aches, the tongue is coated, tho bowels become constipated, the digestive system is thrown out of order, and foul impurities that should be removed from the body, are thrown back into the bipod stream to find their way to the weak spots of the human frame.
Dr. Chase’s ICidney-Livcr Pills have a direct action on iHt* liver, and bring prompt relief and lasting benefit. Nearly everybody is familiar with the extraordinary virtues of this famous treatment. Here is a sample of the letters received from cured ones:—	,
Mr. John Skelton, the well-known bridge builder of 101 Sherwood street, Ottawa, states:
"I have used Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pillsjor kidney and liver dérangements, brought on by exposure^ and find them better than auy pill or medicine I have ever used.
They cleaned my system and made me fee: healthy and vigorous and better in every way commend them as tho best liver and kidney medicine that I know of
Mr. James Hai/d. postmaster, Consecon, Ont., states:
"It gives me and my wife much pleasure to recommend Dr Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills as a family medicine of superior value. Wo use them in preference to all other pills in our family, and I might horo state that they cured mo while suffering from biliousness, and also cured my wife of sick headache, from which she suffered severely ”
Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills, one pill a dose, 26 cents a box, at all dealers, or Edmonson, Bates Compuiyr# Toronto,. .
TRY IT YOURSELF.
does the liver
I can re-
4 4
one



» ...



¦H -

###PAGE###8###


*+*+#+#+#+	@40^**3 $ * » P
Sphndid Chance
for Everybody!
E. H0DCIN5 \ SOS’S A DVT.
9f
%

*A
Spring* 1902
You’d hardly thinly it, yet it is quite true that

This great sile of Gloves, Mitts, Overshoes and Felt Goods offers rare money-saving
opportunities.
REMEeVSBi &
McGUIRE, THE TAILOR,
We are Daily Receiving
New Goods.
h ii
ii
will make it interesting for
anyone in need of a suit or overcoat during January.
Only Two Weeks more and we will close Sale.
Delay is dangerous. Do not put off but come at once to
Our Prints
Muslins
*
P. S.-Fit guaranted.
Store.
The Shawville
Boot
and Shoe
?
Ginghams
and Sateens
M. STEWART.
The Barondale Veterinary NJedicines.
Farm Help Wanted.
Public Notice.
Are now in stock and we will have much pleasure in shewing them.
Wanted, for general farm help, man and wife without children. Permanent employment to evitable parties.
Apply to M. C. POSTER,
Rutledge P. O., Que.
The following Resolution regarding Vaccination was passed by the Mu-nlcipal Council of the Township of Clarendon at an adjourned session held on Monday, the 10th day of February, 1002 i

m

Green Lake Cheese Factory Shareholders.
Moved lit Conn. Thoms# McDowell, | seconded by Ci on. Janies Smith, that this council do hereby give the inhabitants of
the Township of Clarendon* further notice. A meeting of the share-holders of Green that all who fail to exhibit satisfactory I«ake Cheese Factory, will be held hi No. certificate* to John Slew art, Esq., Mayor, 10 School on Saturday Feb. l&lb. at 2, or to Hugh Math* son, Sec. Treasurer, on p. in. All patrons inn shareholder or before the &>4h instant, of having com requested to be present plied with compulsory vaccination by law shall be prosecuted according to law by the Mayor in the name of this corporation. this action Wing found necessary in consequence of provincial Board of Health orders, and the chances of a further spread of smallpox in the municipality.
- Carried unanimously.
UVGH MATHBSON,
Sec.-Treas.
We expect a large trade in Ladies’ Blouses. Our new stock ready for inspection.
After Using
Before Using
What We Claim for our Cough and Distemper Cure.
The disease commonly called " Distemper " is just now raging through our country; but the disease itself is not to be feared so much as the result* if proper treatment is uot used. We claim to have the best remedy on the market for Coughs, Colds, Bronchitis, Catarrh. Pinkeye, Nasal Gleet, Strangle», Distemper, Influenza and all Bronchial and Catarrhal affections. In the majority of cases one box, price •it cents, has cured the most obstinate cases, removing the disease and clearing out the system so that no bad results follow.
Equally good results obtained from Baron dale Couch and Distemper Cure. Ringbone and Spavin Cure, Colic and Inflammation Cnre. Healing Ointment, Hoof Pa nt, Condition Powders and Anodyne Liniment.
For sale at -
Wm. Moore's, Otter Lake T. â D. l|ousseau s, Campbells Bay ;
J. E. Cahill's, Calumet Island ;
arc
1. K. ÀRMATRON!
Sew
Shaws Hie, Feb. 4th
Tenders fer Cedars.
PRICES AND QUALITIES
ALWAYS RIGHT.
Tenders will lie received up till Thursday the 20th inet., for 300cedars—Ifl feet long. V inches at top end, straight and sound — to U» delivered on the corporation lot of this village, on Pickanoek street, on or be fore the 1st of June, 1902.
Tenders for lots of 60 or any quantity up to 800 will be considered and all tenders must lie in the hands of the under signed on or before Thursday the 20th of February inst.
(True copy.)
J. F. Croaau s, Ladysmith. Silas Young s, Starts Corners.
W. H. Lucas, Caldwell
O'Meara Bros', Bryson ;
t) the fast Atlantic service, the Yuk^n boundary question, and other quern-tiors, which he failed to eee mentioned iu the Speech from the Throne
The Premier followed but he did not hare much to a'in mnee to the country, as ho said himself there were no impur tint mea um to be cr.nsilered. and hr was inti ned to think that the < Imposition expect cl the same. One uf the font une of the day wae the scoring by Mr. Monkcf the Government for no mention in the Speech from the Throne cf the tianspor-istion question.
In the evtning, Mr. Maclean, East York, spoke on the questio » of national-zing the roilwsye, and the p^s’al and telegraph services t»f Canada, as had baen dope in other countries.
Drag Store, Shawville ;
E. HODCINS & SON.
display made by Canada of her products, at the several expos lions at which they have been exhibited during the lait year haaattracted much attention, and hae already mulled in many in-;u:r ej and orders for our goods.
I may also congratula e yuu on the satisfactory condition of the revenue and on the steady and continuous expansion of the general business of the country a»
evidenced by the increased In meeting you u^in at the commence portl ar<(}
ment of another sets ou of Parliament, it
Dominion Parliament
A. SMILEY. Mayor
The second session of the Ninth Parliament of Canada was opened with the usual ceremonies at three o’clock on Thursday last. His Excellency, the Karl of Minto, delivered the following-Speech from The Throne :
Honorable Gentlemen t f the Senate : Gentlemen of the Hours of Commons :
-
Horses for Sale.
The undersigned has fur Nile three] Horace-two general use and one heavy draft.	JKRItY SHEA,
Calumet Island. Que
Selling Out I
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
W.th tho view of Kill further faci itat
is my first duty to vxpriFi the deep g rati- j„g gpcj developing our trrdf with othe JvIb to D.vine Providence for the many countries, it will probably be foS^d ex blessing, which Vangja hM i ç jv?d dur-1 p^dicut to increace the number of ïh£ the pAst yeaf, and particulaily foi commercial agencies, and Parliament will the exceptionally bountiful harvest in be asked to e insider the desirability of Manitoba and the North west Territories It was very gratifying cordial reception tendered by all classee of the people, to the Prince and Princess of Wales, on the occasion of their visit in September and October last, the only regrettable feature being the limited time at their disposal, which prevented their visiting many imputant centres of population. It is however a great satisfaction to know that their 11 >yal Highnesses joyed their tour through Canada and carried away the most pleasant recollections of their visit to this part of the Em
AND
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION %YS.
our
News of the War.
making additional provision fur that par pose.
Winter.Time Card.
ANOTHER BOER TR.U*.	I	----
Pretoria, Feb. 10-One hundred and	O. N. & W. RA1LVN A\.
fifty mounted infantrymen while patrol!- Train No. 1 leave#Ottawa, Ont.. 4.46. P.M ing theKilp li ver, south of Johannes 44	“	arrivesGracefield, Q. 9.20, P.M
burg, February 12, euirounded a farm Train No. 2 leavesGracefield, Q., (>.20. A.M house where they suspected Boers were |	"	14	arrive# Ottawa, Ont, 9.46, A.M
in hiding. A single Beer broke away from
the houseand the British started to pursue I	p p j HAILWAY
him. The Boer c’imbtd a kopje, the	'
British Mowing. Immediately a he ivy Train No. 1 leave# Ottawa
fire waa opened on them from three tides. I	" arrive# W alt ham,
The British found themselves in a trap Train No. 2 leaves Waltham
11	“	“ arrives Ottawa,
0
to ko e the
Come in for Bargains
in all lines.
1 have a ho the pleasure in Infor mit g you that the Government of Australia and aid New Zealand have accepted an invitation from my Government to attend a
London next June for
the
conference in consideration <f trade, transportation, cable and other matters of intercolonial concern, and it ia hoped that the meeting may lead to an extension if Canadian trade with those important portions of Hie Mijeety'a Dominion.
I have further to advise you that my Government, having caused inquiry to be made, has reached the conclusion that the establishes* nt of direct steamship service with South Africa, would enable Canada to secure in that country a profitable mar ket for her varied products, and, 11 that end, w ]! endeavor to arrange for such a service. •
His Majesty has been graciously pleased to mvi'o the Premier to be present st the ceremonies attending his Coronation. It is to be hoped that the presence of the leading s'atesmen of the several colonies upon this occasion will afford an opportunity for the discussion of subjects of mutual interest which may considerably affect the development of our trade and commerce in the near future, with the mother ountry anl with our sister colonies
Everything Must Co !
We Mean Business !
en
6.16, P. M
*.35, P.M 7.00 À.M 1(115 AM
and m a posititn where they were unable to make ary defence. Eight of the British officers made a gallant effort a id defended the ridge with carbines and
until they were overpowered. The Br't’hh had two officers and ten men killed and several * ffiora and 40 men wounded before the foro was able to fall back under c ver of a blockhouse.
London, Feb. 16—Loid Kitchtmr, in addition to reporting tha Kdp River affair, says :
11 A party fiOmS »uth Africa constabu-Vy line, on the Waterval River, encountered Feb. 10# superior force of the
Vantondersbek, and was
pire.
The assassination of President McKinley has elicited a universal feeling of sympathy and sorrow throughout the civilized world, and, though Canada has happiy ee far been free from crimes uf this Chirac; e% the cl >ae proximity t> the United Siatfs may make it advisable to join our effo ts to the efforts of the United States and other nations and to provide by legislation for the adequate punishment uf those, who either by speech or writing, incite fanatics to the perpétrât on of such horrible crimes
Tne ie‘uru if the latî census will be laid before you and, while the absolute increase in the number of population is not so great as might have been expected, the evidences of growth in wealth and in the geuenl tokens of prosperous develop ment are highly satisfactory. There is good reason also t; believeihat'he increase of population during the latter half of the decade has been very greit y in exctsi of the average of former years, and that in the near future we nuy look fur a much more rapid growth than occurred during the period cove red by the last two censuses.
Application having been made by the Ciiiad an Pacific Railway Company for approval of an increase of its capital, to meet the demands for additional rolling stock and other improved facilities, for handlingthe growing traffic, my Ministers availed themselves of the opportunity to stipulate that the long pending question of the power uf th ) Governor in Council to regulate the tolls of the Company should be submitted to the Courts for a judicial decision. The correspondence and other papers will bo laid before you.
The inventor, Mr. Marconi, having met unexpected obstacles to the carrying on of his experiments in wireless ocean tel Jgraphy in a sister colony, my Ministers deemed it expedient to invite him to continue his operations on the coast of Nova Scotia, and th y availed themselves of his presence in Csnada to enter into ne gotiationa resulting in an arrangement through which, should the project prove as successful as is hoped for, the Government and people of Canada will tho benefits of the invention on
P. W. RESSEMAN,
Cen. Pass- Agent
ARMSTRONG BROS
revo vers
¦J
LADYSMITH.
RAILWAY
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT,
OTTAWA fc MONTREAL.
enemy near driven back with leas
On and after October I3lh. 1001, and until further notice, train services will be as follows :
Two Thousand People Perish
Your
Gentlemen of the Home <.f Cumm ins :
The public aooun's for the las: yia* and the estimates for the succeeding year will be laid before you without delay.
Honorable Gentlemen of the Senate : Gentlemen of the Hi use of Commons ;
1 commit the above matters and all other which may be submitted to you to y «ur earnest consideration, and I r ly upon your wisdom and prudence to deal with them in the manner which, under Divine Providence, may prove most conducive to the best interests of Canada.
DEBATE ON THE ADDRESS .
Ottawa, Ont., February 14 —There will be no important Government legislation at the present eessi >n of Parliament was the substance of the concluding words of the Premier's add leas this afterncon.
The business of the Ooinmous is now in full awing, and the speeches of tûis afternoon seem to indicase that the session may not be finished as soon as some anticipated.
The Opposition leader's remarks tended towards enquiry why no important measures aie brought foiward at this season.
Mr. A. Campbell, West York, who moved the address, and Mr. Bd’and, Bdauce the seconder were well received m their addressee.
Mr. Borden made a speech which was pertinent to many important matters which the Government could have brought at the session. He made aeference
EASTERN DIVISION.
Trains leave OTTAWA. Central Depot. 8.30 A.M. Dally, lor Rockland. Hawk»-hurv. Valley field. Montreal. Quebec. St.John, Halifax and all points on I. c. It. Arrive» Montreal 11. 45 a m., stops at all Intermediate C. A. It. station» ; has parlor car Ottawa to Montreal.
Baku, Transcaucasia, Feb. 17.—Details wh chare slowly reaching Baku from Shamaka, about 70 miles ftom here, show that 2,000 arsons mostly women and children, perished as a result of the earthquake last week and about 4,000
tX & 14 si fcaasTftaawas
inaka also suffered. To add to the ter rurs of the neighborhood, a volcano near tho village of Mi rosy to the eastward of
Shamaka, has broken out into active 14,10 p. 11, Dally except Sunday, for New eruption. A great crevaes hu, appeared,
whence immense names anil streams 01 Lawrence river Hssttaroogh sleeping lava are being thrown out. The course Ottawa to New York via Rutland R. R of the river Geonchaska has been altered Trains arrive Ottawa. Central Depot, in consequence of its bed being dammed	èi^.Dl1 7 f,xrepl unday an ‘ 20
with earth which has baa»A dislodged by	¦
th® eirthquBke. Battalions of guard. | Middle and Western Divisions.
and detachments of sappers with tents
have been despatched to Shamaka to aid Arnprtor. Renfrew, Egan ville Ptrubrokc in the work of rescue.	|	«ouod .nd ..lerm.Ul.,,
Watch
Needs
Cleaning


t *


m
1
all point* east, arrivée montresl 7. 25 p. m Stops at all Inlermedlaie C. A. R. stations. Connects at Coteau Jet. with Grand Trunk Ry, for nil points west. Has parlor car, Ottawa to Montreal
I

7a

car
—o
k
If it has not been cleaned inside of 18 NJontlis.
Trains leave Ottawa, Central depot, dally
CtoEs-lXa rjsr lEZ'a&az'- —
ion with the purchase of horses for the | qq p x. Mixed for Madawaska and In
Office in New Orleans was ordered to Trains arrive Ottawr, Dally except 8nn-clear hi. eharactor by the promu of	"•
bringing a legal action against his accusers, he resigned his commission and forfeited £800 to which he was entitled.
gy We give all repairs our personal supervision
and guarantee satisfaction or your money back. Out * of every 10 watches spoiled 9 are spoiled by incompetent watchmakers—not by the wearers.
cale to
all points.
en.vy
vtry favorably terms, including rates for transatlantic massages very much below those now existing.
1 am pleased to inform you that the
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
"SL ft£!S,lm WHYTE - the watchmaker - shawville.




i
L
v
