###PAGE###1###
JU
/
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
No. T.—lOrn Year.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 8, 1901.
11.00 a Yeau in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
locals that pay
Buy your Twine et J. M. Sliaw'n.
Maple Syrup in 36 and N) tent tin*, at
Mnj uirk 8 Grocery.
for the latent style of photos go to I ml-
GIRL WANTED to look after general housework. Apply to Mm. James Cuth-bertëon, Shaw ville.
Head Office! .. .. Capital aubaertbad Capital paid up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA
.........fl .MH.DOO
......... 1.093.940
......... 1,060,466,

OF CANADA.
New Fall Goods.
Nyal's Wild Strawberry Compound In recognised on all hands as the only rell-
MAMMA*	A A AAA aaa I able and effective remedy for Diurrhoe
CAPITAL -	-	- $6,000,000. I>y*enterv, Colic, (’ramus and Siimmez
complaints. It can be relied upon to cure.
| RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000. |Pr,r< 28 cento ^ l,oU,'tHB »BV0 sr,,»,
Head Office, • Montreal.
ltd
Hoard of Dirtciou
son

Charles Magee, Esq., President. Geo hue Hay, esq., Vice-President.
Hon. Obo. Pmnon. Js.|l|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
A LAX. Kraasr, Bsq ,
Dennis Mi'kfbv, Esq.
J. H. Shaw sells the best Twine.
Remember we are still takin the old stand.


h otos at
Lumber and Shingles for sale.-Smart & Smith.
IT Î

Dr. Stackhouse, Surgeon Dentist, wifi lie at Bryson the first week of each month; Campbell '# Bay the second ; Fort ^ He/‘ond hand Noxon Binder will Ik*
fïrihTJÎ*lhirt,: anU 8hewvi,le ,h<1	App,y u>
.	I'lvmouth Special, Standard and Beaver
Don t deceive yourself. If you are about Binder iwme-H cents per pound at W. to purchase an enlargement, why n- ome | ”• Lucas, Caldwell,
B’SH&BSB	vr-rs
II. IMJSON
OKOBORBURN D. H. FINNIC
General Manager .. ., Manager
«I
Branchée ?
IN ONTARIO
Keewatm.
KemptviUe,
MatUwa,
Ottawa,
It’s early to talk about Fall and Winter goods, but the mills and wholesale men are rushing them in, and we just want to say at present that we have already received and opened up several large consignments of the newest goods for the coming season.
SHAWVUL8 BRANCH,
Money loaned Ob approved eeearlty at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all perte of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Alexandria, Am prior, Avoumdfe, Bracebridge
Caileton
laser*.
Parry Sound, Pembroke,
Uat Portage,
Winchester, do Bank 8t. Renfrew do Bideau St. Toronto, Vankleek Hill, Smith's Falls
IN MANITOBA;
ilo
pises,
Hawkesbury,
ri	ii Having An office fitted with the latest
.	20,000 Farm laborers wanted to har- and most approved dental appliances,
Aocou*. opened for amount* of one dot- Ve(jt Manitoba’* big crop. Excursion* Dr. MacGregor „ in a position to renclur
lare and upwards and interest allowed. | from Ontario, East of Sudbury, August the most effective service to patienta.
8th and 16th, $10,00. All information : Rooms over Rudd's Drugstore, Arnprior. write J. R. Tierney, Ry. & 8.S. ticket A call solicited, agent, Arnprior, Ont.	—	------------------------'____
Winning,
Dauphin
' Portage Là Prairie IN QUEBEC ;
,	Hull,
Bhawimgan	HH
Age nia in Canada, New York and Chlcago-Baak of Montreal.
Agonie in Bt. Paul-Meichants Nat Bank. AgeSto In Loudon, Engv-Parr’s Bank Lt'd,
Laohute
Montreal
10 A.M.T08 P.M
OFFics Hours B Arm days .
10 A M. TO 1 P.M
F. A. PARKER, Manager
PERSONAL.	57.5*'ah¦ ¦ "Üs Tir” „	x	„ .	. iL. „
, M„ Ata-d» ™ .sum. -«.d. i.	Oo y°u want something for nothing ?
Quyon last week.	Judging from tne numbers, pairs strolling
Miss Muriel Church, of Ottawa, is the around through the pines, and the good	Try OUT II Eli/	D/lli/ltl
guest of Mrs. Klock.	fellowship and of those around the lunch	J	H E WW	I UvfUE
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Had to Change Dates.
The celebrated Kansas Cattle Fly Oil for male at E. Horigin* and Son. Only 16 cent*
* utitTL
Sinew the prize lists were Issued It has Men found Impossible to pro-
- SSESss
Mr*. Box was visiting her friend* in in the village, Mis* Jessie is expected Renfrew, last week.	next week.	_ I ||
Mr. Joe. Amm, of Quycn, dropped in I . Mise M E- Cowley and Miss Harriott see us while in town last week. Stnirle, who have been the guests of Cant.
M. Cowley for the past three weeks,
. ...	Armstrong, of Carsonbjr, I left for the Capital Thursday afternoon.
-------%%	*-*• .ssxî/kü
EEyrjssrrirsr" «st araraasfcr: $£!±2xr*>.****« n„„.
Mr. George Jewell, of Fort Coulonge, ^d that he "expeete the miîlsTilfbf^n . Mr',K(L J:	of Mr J. H. Hhas’s, Miss Mayhew, of Carleton Place, is the
purpoMS lighting hm new hotel with thorough running order in about eight 18 “king ln lhy I an-American this ; guest of her brother, Mr. W. E. Mayhew, acetylene gas The plant is being put in (j time.	week.	Miss Lil ie Morgan is visiting her
by Mr. W. J. Lough of Portage du Fort.	.	The blue berry crop, usually abundant friend Miss Lillie Dilworth.
. Since the re organisation of the band on the “Kazubazua Plains ” is reported a Mr. and Mrs Mayhew took in the ex Rennet Rosamond, M. I. has do- the boys are putting in some good pract* total failure this year in consequence of cursion to Ottawa on Monday and return Dated $250 to the north Lanark Ag. ice, under Leader Donaldson, and are the drought	ed on Tuesday evening
AesÉ# eeIISS	::: r :::r
acKitoctore is colonial in design, and in they will he in a position to do credit to last week. \*e understand on Friday rkesterville snoke a few words
that respect differs much from any similar themselves and tlie town as well.	bmt he disused of the Ramsay property, % Mr Lowe im ached a verv fm-
BA	"Mcttr* “”7“'
iiaement on this page that the Canadian	u]tel the tariff of advertismentsin We had the pleasure of a call on Mon- Miss Marion Stewart, of Shawville, is
-Pacific Railway intends running 4 bar- the Quebec Official Gazette has been day from Mr Arthur Pattison, formerly of i spending a few days here the guest of Tester's excursions to Manitoba and the changed, and that from and after that the Advance, who, with his two hoys, I Mrs. George Ring.
"Northwest, instead of two as first art ver- date, the notices, documents and adver- is taking a holiday wheel through the Mr. and Mrs. John Young, of Boston,
:limai. These excursions leave points in tisements will be inserted therein on the county visit ng old friends.	| are visiting Mr. John Young.
Ontario on August 8th and 15th, and following terms.	-— ¦ ¦
Quebec points August 9th and 16th	'¦mm
or MUSTARD.
Mrs. Allen, wife of the Rev. A. A..
AWen, of Chelsea, formerly of Portage | cure the expert Jud*ee ft>r Sept. i©th
du Fort died on Thursday last
expected. This obliges the D1
The Band favored the oil mens with an tore to hold the Shawville Exhlbl-out door concert on Saturday evening, tlon on Tuesday aid Wednesday, | ^ and elicited most fovorable comments | eepti 17^ Bil<i isth, Instead'*! on the
ted In the Lets.
A splendid premium with every package—selling like hot cakes. Buy quick if you want ’em.
Mr. and Mrs
from all quarters
18th and 19th,
Gents’ Furnishings
\ full range of Newest Goods for the very swellest boys ......
J. H. SHAW
let insertion : 10 ctm. per line instead ,	,
eESE™ | EEHBSi ï I
at law, applying for separation in the matter of bed and board from hie wife.

P. 8.—Straw Hat Enamel—all colors, old hats new.
Clarendon Schools
Shawville, 3rd August, 1901.
We notice that Arnprior, Renfrew and	_____________ I Bord of School Commissioners of the
several other Ontario towns have been	VA;m NDTP'S	Municipality of Clarendon met this day.
fill Bill
mu	taken. In view of the facts, however,	Mrs. R. MeJaoet	and daughter Miss	confirmed.- t arried ¦¦¦¦¦
Mr. W. A. Armstrong,	who is travel-	people should be on the look out for sus-	Jessie, spent a week	with friends in Bris-	Movod by R W. Ralph, sec. by James
ling through part; of the county crop	furious characters, and -each town or vill-	tol and returned home on Sunday.	Wilson, that the rate for the coming year
viewing at p-esent, says	the number of	age should employ a night watchman to	Mr. T. A. Elliott	is on the sick list,	j*eJbe name as the past yeai, namely,
; protect iteelf against this class of criminal, alao Mts. Jan. . Hanna, hut both arv ban a cent on the dollar, 25 cents par
improving favorably.	huoath children fees; save and only the
Lightning’s FREAKs.-Mr. John Mc- I Mr. T. Palmer who was laid up with Model Schoel Fees, which will be 4U cts. Corriston of the rear of Bristol, is not rheumatism is able to be about again. iPer month — Cari ied unanimously, likely to forget for some time the clap of Mr. El win Hodginc who was at Char-| M'Vt*d l>y h. Ihomas, see. by James thunder which startled the majority of ter is is home again.	Wilson, that Jho bills of James Carson
our citizens about 4 o'clock on Wednes- Misa Blanche Horigins spent a few &nd &lrs. R. Telford lie paid,—Carried, day afternoon. Seeing a shower ap- days visiting her grandmother, Mrs. Car- e Moved by Fred Ihomas, sec. by John preaching, he drove lus team into the son, Shawville.	. .Grant, that the Auditors of the Secy-
dnving shed in the Russell House yard, Miss Mildrid llodgins who has been * ressuiera books ho paid their fee of $4 and was in the act of removing some very sick is, we are glad to report, on the each.—Carried.
bags of salt he had on from the back to improving list.	At tins juncture the Board adjourned
the front of the wagon, to keep them Misses Harriet Horigins and Lena I	Ht'-h Mat meson, Sec
from getting wet, when the crash came, Richardson, of Shawville, accompanied and a bolt struck the building almost di- by Master Clarence Richardson, went to rectly over his head. The electric flnid Onslow Thursday, descended the shed posts on either side Miw Maud Greer and Mr. L. Robert-of the wagon, knocking of a slab about 5 I son, < f Ottawa, are spending a few weeks Recorder Weir, of Mon*real, makes a	inches wide from one, and a narrow stiip I	with Mrs. Jas Belsher.
practice of fining parties who swear on	from the other. The second post to the I	Mr. M. Trophy, of	V ica,	V. S.,	is
streets of that city at the rate of ten doll- right of the wagon was ako scarred by over for a while vacation with his rela ars a head. How would that regulation the lightning, which seemed to run both tivee here, Mrs. T. Dagg. Mo arc all apply to Shawville ? It seems to us that	from the spot it struck the shed, |	pleased to see him again,
while it would bear lightly upon the	along the plate over the poets, each one I	Miss Celia Wilson and	Master Freddie
shoulders of the citizens as a whole it conducting a portion of electric energy Horigins, of Shawville, spent a few days might put us in possession of some out- 60 *he earth. Mr. McCorrieton, who the guest of Miss M. E Seaman, side revenue, w hich would he very help- could not have been more than three Mi* Louiar Finau was the guest of the ful in repairing the sidewalks that are feet from the post that was most shatter- Misses Strut.
sometimes unnecessarily obstructed by the ed, was completely prostrated by the Mr. Fred. (îreensliield bad his hand profanely indulgent.	effect* of the shock, and was for some badly cut in the mill at the Ragged
..	. .a ,	...	. moments afterwards in a semi-dazed con- Chute and is home for a while,
supplies (rifles and! ammunition) dition. Simultaneously, the end of the Miss Maggie Workman has gone home for the Radford r.fte umcui -on armed	8idcw»lk at the	gi(]e „f the 8treet	„„ n V18lf £*her ,iarcntfl.
here on r ridsy evening, although the	CT0««ng near	Mr.	Lang’s store, was	It is with regret we report the serious
militia department could not see is way 8t ruck, and moved sidewise towards the il ness of Mr. Charles Dagg; the anxious to provide each member uft.io association	street about 3	feet.	It is several years	famMy are waiting for a change for the
with a rifle, it is thought that for the	mnce anything	has been damaged from a	better, but can sec little or no improve-
purples of practicing one ride placed in Hjmjiar can^ here.	ment as yet. We all hope for his speedy
the custody of each squad of four men	recovery	Clement,
will overcome the difficulty at least till	There never was a paper in any locality	*
such times as the Department becomes that gave all the local news. It is often more generously disposed. The fact, how- that some persons come or g * that the ever, that rifles are not to be supplied to editor does not see. It happens that a all has had a dampening effect upon the family is missed several times. They get
you
Stationery $
£ repartirent.
competitors entered for the growing crons competition this year is very email. Doubtless this
is due te the poor appearance in general, in consequence of the drought.
Lost Three Fingers —Alex Miller, An employee of Mr. A. N. Wilson’s raw mill at Ragged Chute, while running the hutting saw onJThursday morning last had three fingers of his right hand taken off by the saw in some way which he cannot Account for. Louis Murray, another employee, was dispatched with the injured man to Shawville, and reached here in about one hour after the accident, when Drs. Klock and Alexander performed the surgical operations found necessary.

We have beer
4 gradually adding to
Stationery De ^tment, aW now we feel confident we can ghow you a large and well selecte ^ gtock of the newest and up-
IN MANITOBA to-date St % including
CANADIAN |I	a PAPER,
wanted |NORTHWEST!#	/BITING PADS,
ENVELOPES,
ACCOUNT BOOKS,
SCHOOL SUPPLIES, &c.
our
¥
reas
Mr. W.T. Walker, of the Perth Courier, died at Perth on July 21st.
20,000
FARM
LABORERS
t
t
t
C
V
The Canadian Pacific R'y. will run FARM LABORERS' EXCURSIONS, second class,
to C. P. R. stations in Manitoba and Assinibofa. West. South West and North West of Winnipeg as fares
MOOSE JAW,
ESTE VAN and YORKTON.
The
$10.00
m
Magazines and other Periodical Literature in stock or supplied to order.
BRISTOL NOTES
On AUGUST 8th find 15th, 1901, from Stations bury and
And AUGUST 9th and 16th, 1901, f, Station* in Province of Quebec. Qur Megan tic and West.
ip Ontario, Sharbot Lake, Sud
all has had a dampening effect upon the family is missed several times. They get Aug. 3.—Some of our young people enthusiasm of the members, and it is the impression that the paper does not held a very enjoyable m< É 11 : likely some will .withdraw from the as- care to mention them or has a grudge | Norway Bay Thursday sociation, on that account.	| against them. It is a mistake. ^
^_________________________ able moonlight picnic to
likely some will .withdraw from the as- Icare to’ mention them or has a grudge I Norway Bay 'Thursday evening. Two Bociation, on that account.	against them. It in a mistake. The boat loads left Bristol about 8.30. After
Captain John Stewart has requested us paper has no ill-feeing, no spite no «unity ! lunching at the Bay and making night to announce that a meeting of the aasoci- against anybody. Most people take the ! hideous for the campers for some few
ation will be held at Radford School local paper. Don't he afraid to tell the hours, thtyrowed hack in the moonlight	¦ H I
House on Saturday, the 10th inst., at 7 editor news of interest.. Perhaps you Mrs. Auburn, of Montreal, fulfilled the only on conditions named ther o’clock. Ifombers and all parties inter- think the paper shows partiality, hut try I duties of chaperon delightfully, and all For further particulars and ested are requested to be present.	and see if it doesen’t treat you as well if I voted Mr. George BallarAine and Miss ply to nearest Canadian Pad
THE DRUG STORE
om
*
bee.
CERTIFICATES will be issued c purchaser to a second class ticket return to original storting point route on or before Nov. lOth. 1801
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
i titling good to by same t $18.00,

tickets ap
Ac Ry. Agent.


v

: f

# A


0
###PAGE###2###
X*JEJ who are using
BOTTLED SUNSHINE.
I ON THE FARM. I
f-tSHt; îMî-iMHÎHÎHSHieJK1
LUDELLA CEYLON TEA
exclusively know they ere having a goal thing.
Try It sut1 you will have the same.
FRAGRANT
Radium Has Wonderful Power and • is Highly Expensive.
Bottled sunshine has at Como n possible thing, though somewhat costly. Itudlum is the mineral promises to furnish us with
Prof'S.uiiKfiey, who linn boon mnk-	——*•	---— a
Raw Sill S0Z0D0NT LIQUID ...	25e	. . #	# #	.	. .
New Patent Box S0Z0D0HT POWDER .	.	25o	Znli rn^vomi'S Mmv"rumi1" •
Large LIQUID and POWDER ...	75, MW	o/uraotom0" the'Swôr »,!!« • ¦¦¦
At the Stores or bv Mail, postpaid, for tho Price.	I found radium to posses* wonderful ,
Dentist’s Opinion:	As an antiseptic and hyrienio Lru each about the size of your little s
mouthwash, and for tho care and preservation of the teeth and finger, an unceasing greenish-white ®	• , #	ijr . e 1	n	n \
^saSSs5S»“fesrdf htog Material	for Sale.
s I tho vials contains a white, starch- 0 like powder; and tho other a similar j • substance broken into cubes with # faces a tenth of an inch in dimen- ^

last be-
t


i
which
HARVEST SONO.
Summer all is a pleasure past, Summer charm is a tale that's told; l>ays of reaping have come, at last.
hays of ripeness ami days of gold; Down the meadow-way, glad and strong.
Love comes singing his harvest song.
Love is brown with his harvest toil, Drown, and brawny of limb is he, Master strong in the garden-mod. Lord of pasture and plant and tree; Treasure-burdened, he plods along, Singing brightly his harvest song.
And in answer the autumn breeze Sings a pleasant and fair retrain, Through the bows of the orchard trees,
O'er the fields of the waving grain. Mark, the echoes about him throng— Nature’s singing her harvest

r
p-

îrt the TEETH and BREATH


•Se
®6®®$Xs)®@yS($X3
A
these suggestions without danger of loss.
i/l: s

L

song
The three plant foods which have to bo supplied arc phosphoric acid, potash and nitrogen. Phosphoric acid can be used in the form of acid phosphate, dissolved bone, ground bone and boneblack. These materials can all be used several weeks before planting time, and worked into the soil. It is best to work them in, ns there may be loss from surface washing, and again by working in they are within easy reach of tho plant roots. The forms of potash arc: muriate of potash, sulphate of potash, sulphate of potash-magnesia and kainit.
These products also give bettor results when used in the same way as the phosphoric acid. In fact, authorities recommend that the potash and phosphoric acid should be applied together several weeks before the seeds arc planted. Thera is little danger of these mineral fertilizers washing out of the soil, since they form new compounds in the soil and remain there until taken up by tho crops.
With nitrogen, though, special care has to be given:	Take nitrate of
soda, which is the most soluble, and quickest acting form of nitrogen and

sufficient"light	ono'to n'ad J °"e Four Rol!er Campbell Pres,, front delivery, bed 43,56, $1200
printed page held closely to them $ One Four Roller Campbell Press, bed 37x5a, .	.
The power shown by this small j # quantity of radium leads tho scion- (5 list to the conclusion that half a •
pound of tho mineral, if thinly	_ , „	, ,
spread out, would light an ordinary @ Two 7-col. quafto Brown Folding Machines, each , .
sitting-room.	#
Moreover, if in giving off light the 0 radium parts with energy, it is so slight as not to be mcnsurahlcggg Îestimate being that r. 1 almost indefinite time would bo required to exhaust tho light-giving properties of tho two small vials in question Its energy is a| parently in the mineral itself, for after being in the dark for a couple of months tho light given forth was nowise weaker.
Curiously enough chemists used to treat radium as though it were practically valueless, but now the m ncr-Ah! guv'ncr, If they was only all al has become so precious that it as quiet and peaceful as them, eh?" costs about $1,000 an ounce; for only small quantities of it are found in uranium, and its extraction is very costly.
This mysterious radium is capable of emitting two distinct sets of rays —one like ordinary daylight and the other like X-rays rays have the effect of sunlight on a photographic negative tried as an X-ray, the light was f u 1111
through the wood of a plate-holder
m
FERTILIZERS
. . 81100
a
Taking every item on the farm there is probably none in which the maxim "Knowledge is power” manifests itself so much as in the use of fertilizers
o
>
ff/J
ËÊ
I There is really nothing complicated about the principles of feeding plants, and it is due almost entirely to ignorance that so many mistakes and failures occur. A soil may be almost destitute of plant food and still fail to respond U applications simply because of lack of judgment or ignorance in using them.
It must be understood at the outset that plants can onl their nourishment in a therefore, before fertilizers can be of one particle of benefit to the growing crop, they must be changed from the solid to the liquid form.
Every opportunity should be given to facilitate this change If the soil contains plenty of moisture at the time of planting, the fertilizer, will, of course, dissolve rapidly and be ready for the tiny plants just as they need some nourishment to give them a strong, healthy start the other hand, if the soil is dry at seeding time, the fertilizers will not therefore best suited for practical
use. It should only be applied at a
. 3400

W&i
Vj
%
nn
• Two Roger’s Typographs, in first-class order, each . . , SS50

" Also Cutting Machine, Stones, Stands, Body and Display Type.
All this Machinery Is In First-Class Order. Ess? Terms will be Given, a or Special Discount for Cash. On account of adding a more up-to-date e Plant the above Machinery and Type will be disposed of at a Sacrifice.
$.JTA
L
y take up hquid form,

i
' 1
§ The Wilson Publishing Co., of Toronto
•	TORONTO. CANADA.

) Limites
S I
e#e###e#*####e#e###me@eee
e&###(####
o
OWES HIS EYESIGHT TO A MIRACLE.
Customer: Walter, it Is nearly half nil hour since I ordered that turtle soup. Walter:	Sorry, sir; but you
know how slow turtles are, sir.
NOW, ABOUT THIS SEASON’S
lb,
On
Moreover, the
Per MOWERS, REAPERS, THRESHING MACHINES,
pass into liquid condition, and the
crop is deprived of the feed it needs, timc whcn the plant is in need of and this is a drawback not usually nitrogen The elleet of nitrogen is overcome during the entire season, *° stimulate growth and to hasten and results usually in much reduced blunts to early maturity. It is to yields. Again, there is even a pos- se<?11, therefore, that nitrate of sibility of injury ensuing in a dry sot*11 possesses special advantages season when fertilizers arc applied at f°r truck growers and others who seeding time. The plants just as wish to get their crops on the niar-they are sprouting are tender and ket curly in the season so ns to se-may be injured by coming in contact cure the highest prices, which usual" with crude fertilizers. The remedy W prevail then. As the plant does for all this, then, is to apply the wot Heed nil of the nitrogen at one fertilizers before planting time, in time, it is best to divide the nitrate order to give opportunity for them soda into three parts, using the to become dissolved and spread out first ns u top dressing immediately through the soil. There are some after the seeds arc sown, the second fertilizers, though, that arc so solu- portion two or three weeks later, blc that they cannot be applied be- and allow about the same amount of fore planting time, otherwise they t*nio to elapse before using the would loach out of the soil and be niaining portion lost to the crop. A few words, then, about the distinction of the different classes may enable farmers to follow
*te,
Finn H v
The
II
S" PEERLESS
INDEBTEDNESS TO DODDS KIDNEY PILLS ACKNOWLEDGED BY THOMAS ST.
PIERRE.
capable of photographing
le Favertte with Ontario Farmer# - ever 20 Veare before the Pvblfo. ret It. Hardware. Dfu*
Itorse eell It Holds 17
See that veu and Seneral Gold Modale.
ee
o
LIFE-SAVING MUD
Train of the Northern Pacific
Health Entirely Re-established by In London, when tho streets are I which created such a furior during Dodd's Kidney Pills—Another muddy, there is a marked ditninu- its first season. In 1000, is again Triumph for That Wonderful tion of diseases that arc prevalent shooting back and forth across tho Remedy—His Eyesight Has when dust is blowing. Consumption continent in all the glory of its form-Been Strengthened	often gets its start from dust. Other cr ,i. x
This Crack Train of tho North-
eanatsiKsaa
USE M!OA AXLE GREASE.
When I first knew Drown he let his
And now? He
money go like water seems to have frozen up now
nnl n T 1 on zo .x illnesses, almost equally grave fol«|
¦«¦ill
this sufferer was not stone blind, therefrom docs not nppcar „ (la!l.
is,-'» srstusrs	— * - -
they have been completely restored by Dodd's Kidney Pills, which is another point of similarity.
There is no attempt made to assert Dodd’s Kidney Pills are a cure for blindness. Dodd's Kidney Pills are the greatest kidney medicine ever known. That is the claim made for Dodd's Kidney Pills, and there is evidence enough to prove that claim. Dut in cases where Kidney Disease has left poisons in the blood and tho said poisons attacking the weakest spot, injure the eye, Dodd’s Kidney Pills arc just as infallible as where tho poison attacks the joint of the arm or the small of the back.
That the eyesight of Thomas St.
Pierre was restored is but another argument that Dodd’s Kidney Pills make the blood absolutely pure.
Here is Mr. St. Pierre's letter nm happy to-day to s&e my health
Mioard's Liniment Cures Distemper
o
Tho oldest university is that of Paris, dating back to the eighth century. Then comes Lyons; uud Oxford has third place.
re-
VENT1LATION AND AIK CURRENTS.
Minard's Liniment Cures Diphtheria
While the milk room should be well ventilated those who still use the open pans should be careful that there is not n direct current of air blowing over the pans. The outside air is not pure and sweet. It may be laden with dust or it may be bear OF with it odors which are not desirable in the butter, or bacteria that will produce bad flavors or early decay. Hut even if tho air is all right it toughens the surface of the cream so They that in churning it does not break Pre- with the rest, but cither goes away In the buttermilk or mixes into the butter, usually most of it doing the latter, and then the butter is filled with specks which are simply sour cream that will not only impart an undesirable taste to the butter, but cause it to become rancid very quickly. We learned this by a little unpleasant experience of our own many me, years ago, as we have learned some other things, writes a correspondent, and we advise our friends to be warned before they have to pay for the lesson. One may remove these particles of tough cream by straining the whole through n fine sieve, but it is easier not to have them. Place a screen between the window and the milk shelves if it is necessary to open tho windows to cool or I ventilate the room.
780 miles of Japanese railway ,	owned by tho Japanese Government
urnes, current magazines, ladies I>ar- enrn8 one-third more yearly than lor and observation platform, all to- 0.942 miles owned by private get her form a train of unusual com- panies. fort, excellence, and even luxuriousness even in this day of luxuries.
Of course, broad vestibules, steam heat and steel platforms are there, and there are nearly 800 electric lights on the train, the baggage car and day coaches being thus lighted also.	I ?
Pale and Dejected
com-
THE TRYING CONDITION
MANY WOMEN.
FROM THE TRAINS
Passengers Get Glimpses of the Pan-American Exposition.
Subject to Headaches, Dizziness und^Heart Palpitation.
Grow Discouraged and maturely Old.
From the Review, Windsor, Ont "Dr. Williams' Pink Pills ,s the only medicine that ever gave me any real benefit," said Mrs. R K. Harris, a well known resident of Windsor, to a representative of tho Review recently. "I do not know exactly what my trouble was ; doctors seemed unable to tell though 1 thought myself it was consumption. I had a constant racking cough, and a constant feeling of languidness. My blood seemed to have turned to water, and I was very pale. I had a feeling in my chest as though some foreign substance was lodged there. The slightest noise made mo nervous ; I was dejected all the time and could not scarcely do any household work tried medicines, but they did not help me in the least. Doctors did nob seem able to help me or tell me what ailed me, although their bills increased with alnnning rapidity. I grew so weak, and so despondent that finally I decided to take a trip to Colorado to see if n change of climate would benefit me. While contemplating this trip 1 read in a paper one day the testimonial of a person whose symptoms were almost identical with my own, who was cured by Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. I decided to give them a trial and purchased a box. When that box was done I got another, and found gradually that, the pills were helping The trip t" Colorado was
abandoned, and I continued using the pills until I had taken eight or nine boxes when I felt like an altogether different person. From a pale. thin, listless person, I became the picture of health, and felt it too. It is several years since I used the pills, and I have not had any return of the trouble. I am positive Dr. Williams' Pink Pills saved me from an early grave, and I cannot recommend them * too highly to those who arc nfùicted ns I was."
It is the mission of Dr. Williams'
J Pink Pills to make rich, red blood, nourish the nerves, tissues and various organs of the body, and thus by reaching the root of the trouble, drive disease from the system. Other medicines act only on tho symptoms of the disease, and when such medicines	are	discontinued,	the trouble
returns—often	in an	aggravated
form.	If	you	want	health and
strength, be sure the full name, ' Dr Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People," is on the wrapper around each box. If your dealer cannot supply you the pills will be sent postpaid at 50 cent# a box, or six boxes for
». Wil-
ts, Cat-
C. C. RICHARDS & CO.
Dear Sirs,—I have used MINARD'9 LINIMENT in my stable for over a and consider it the very best
People travelling from the cast and
west will come within tho zone of The train runs from St. Paul to the direct influence and spirit of the Portland, Oregon, passing through Pan-American Exposition miles away Minneapolis, Fargo, Bozeman, Butte, from the great aid glorious spectacle Missoula, Spokane, Seattle and
itself._Surrounding the setting of Tacoma.
tho exposition there are numerous features that will rival the attractions of the great show for public attention, and especially is this true of Niagara Falls. There is no greater or more wonderful eye-feast in the world than the Falls of Niagara, the beautiful gorge, and the dashing tuI multuous waters of the Whirlpool Rapids. If they are alert, long be-entirely re-established by Dodd's fore their train stops at Niagara Kidney Pills. I owe that wonderful Falls, passengers over the Grand remedy a thousand thanks. Before Trunk Railway will come in sight of using Dodd's Kidney Pills I had con- the mighty observation tower from
suited many physicians	taken	^HHSHHHHiri
medicines of various kinds, but each made mu worse. I had a constant pain in the back and limbs night 1 couldn’t rest and I could not see by lamplight. Having taken only two boxes of Dodd's Kidney Pills I am perfectly cured. My eye-
all those
year
for horse flesh \ can get ami strong» ly recommend it
GEO. HOUGH.
Livery 6tables Quebec.
Connections from Duluth nnd Superior and for Helena are made
en route.
Send to Chas. S. Fee, General Passenger Agent. St. Paul, six cents for Wonderland 1901, a royal book having a chapter on this royal train.
—	: .^SiSKSrsSS
Mr. Grouch went to n masquerade | Jtneetiy and served with	_
tJie other evening disguised as a	^
bear. Did anyone recognjze him ? I	fi 1 V lv<
Only his wife.
i •
CALVERTS
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
For all skin allmonte.
O
For Over Fifty Veers
which searchlight signals will be Mr» Winslow* Soothing Rtkit bee bwe used by flashed to the Electric Tower of the Pillions*>f mothers for their children while twihiof.
Exposition. In fancy one can pic	SiSVS CS
turc the beam Of the powerful pro- be* wwedjr lor DUnhaa. Twenty-life cents • holds
jeetor Mtendtag way off toward	^
Hamilton, Ont , to give glad well come and greeting to the incoming trains laden with humanity to see the falls and the exposition, whose health is not good, from Speeding across the wonderful j | whatever cause, to try Dodd's Kid- the train will carry its passengers in r.ey Pills. Nine times out of ten full view of the Falls of Niagara and sight is clear. I advise all those the Whirlpool Rapids, while the Two dollars spent for Dodd's Kid- markable gorge will stretch out ncy Pills will do more than millions either side of the greatest railwax spent otherwise, for who holds any- steel arch bridge in the world thing in the world more dear than | bridge of the Grand Trunk Railway health, or would spare any means at Niagara Falls is one of the i to save it ?"	ders of the locality, and resting, as
it d< os, one end m the domain of King Edward, . the other in the United States, it forms a portion of the industrial bond in the Anglo-Saxon union that forces a realization that ne matter on which side of the Niagara we reside, wo are all
Americans—Pan-Americans.
At
CABBAGE AS STOCK FOOD.
The value of cabbage as food for stock may be summed up ns strong in two points, the large amount that can be grown upon an acre of soil and its succulency, which makes it n milk-producing food easily digested But it requires strong soil and good cultivation, does not keep well for winter use unless pitted where it will be frozen until spring nnd even then having but n short season, while if stumps and any decayed leaves are fed it is almost impossible to prevent it imparting n rank, unpleasant flavor to the milk nnd butter, or even to the meat, unless its use is discontinued two or three weeks before the slaughtering. As
regards the nutritive value, Prof es-1 An entire town has recently been nor Johnston, in Agricultural Chem- discovered in the dominions of the istry, estimated seventy pounds of late Czar of the existence of which cabbage to have about the same val- | no one seems to have had any idea, tic as four pounds of oil cake, twelve I Deep in the forests of tho Ural lie# pounds of pea straw, sixteen pounds & flourishing city, the Inhabitants clover hay, twenty pounds of men- of which speak a curious language dow hay, 110 pounds of oat straw of their own. and seem to form a or 120 pounds of turnips. This last sort of ideal commonwealth, in wo think he bases upon the flat or which taxes and tax gatherers English turnip, which are not as nu- among other troublesome things, are tritious ns the rutabaga. The value | unheard of. of the cabbages as of the roots, Is best found when a small amount is given along with coarse, dry fodder nnd limited amount of grain.
A 2O-kikiVm vainer cannot be stop- | *- 0. CrtWrt â 0»., MHOfcMfT.
IN 01N HRS’ SUPPLIES.
Asbestos Goods, Pips CoverSWi lubricating Oils, Creates, sto.
WM. SUTTON 03MP6UN0 CO.,
Limited,
TORONTO.
anxious
ped in less than three minutes, during which she has travelled, in spite
of reversing lier engines, a full half
mile.
sight is cb
gorge
fJaS

\
wubff
i
o
re-
on
Minard’s Liniment Cures Colds, etc
This
P0UQIA8 eaoo,
121 AdstftHsOJj Toronto, Oss
In 1831 the paupers of the United Kingdom numbered 90 in every 1,000. In ten years tho number dropped to 75 per 1,000.
Metallic SKYLIGHTS
W011-
I11C
Brass Band
DISCOVERY OF A TOWN
la id's imiiiii cures Gomel in cone
Ins rumints, Drum#, Uniform#, Etc
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
London had 51 inhabitant» to the acre, Put is 115.
noted. Fit «catalogue Write us for any
Lowest pi Ices ever an
Whaley Boyce & Go.. TKESSWr
The length of the night rt time of the year may be foi mil bv multiplying by two the time of the sun’s rising. Doubling the time of its setting will give the length of the day.
r«e
5100 Reward, $103.
The readers of thl* paper will be pleased to 'hst there U iu Jevnone dreaded dleeis# that science hi* beet able to cure to a'l It# kovoa and tfcst la Catarrh. llalVe Catarrh l ure is the only positive mra now kuown to loaLraleraliy. Catarrh bring a cons-
l.	uUoaa1 dbease. requires a constitutional ‘ e,?’nienr-. Hall's Catarrh Cure Is taken Inter-
i ,, scllIli< directly upon the b:#od and
TZ IS
Jf ,.i** **Heni strength by building up the Sii0™ an<1 **'ND*# nature In dot»» its vînn*. fihe ^prieto • have #o much fait h in irViUîûli.?e ^wer* lhnt they offer eue Hun-
SSS L'K&ZW »	“—
[«**1™"' co^kliùo
Malls Faintly PUB are the best
( aroful Housekeeper—Bridget, you
m.	tv get all the preserves we canned
tls	and boil them up again I
am afraid they have begun to work.
ndgct—Like enough, mum, like nough. Everything 'round tide bouse has to.
any
ismmm
CidtHCA £ Ofct facLX,
JL/rutf ejvrCfCgmvn 'jb.Vnc&t	Ixa
Awruaitouj *4"yo fc Jviïia
éïlrn-
BEST FOR WHEAT
Clover is the best crop to plough under for wheat after the second crop of hay has been cut. The soil is then richer in fertilizing material than at any previous stage of growth. The shading of the soil by clover, and the fact that it adds nitrogen also makes it one of the most valuable crops that can bo grown, ns the value of the plant food to the soil is nearly equal to that of the crop Itself.
¦“Tftsatfc
WOVEBCQATS
MSSvsVtsx asJv*
AMERICAN DVIINQ OO.
BSSS&***
¦y
j/-ù
f*
A
BRITISH
ficLcfiUi
Pnom I noravini.
J L'JONlvS I Nfj <°
H 10 AU! I MM VM* 1
Qlt
WOOU’A
by addressing the T>r
Brock vi. '
liams' Medicine Co
TORONTO







###PAGE###3###
4 f 4#	> r—
I *



housekeepers don't make thorn bo- The Duchess of Devonshire haw cause, as they say, they are "all possibly entertained the present I ,%
2n ,pieced up"—meaning that whenever King and Queen more often than any *£
[any one wants a bite to eat he takes other hostess In England, and has ' •• a cookie, with the result thé Jar is superb suites reserved for royalty at empty when they are wanted for the Chatsworth House, table.	House and Bolton Abbey. The suite %
Ono scant cup butter—not too at Chatsworth is particularly fine, C*Vvv*^ scant; two cups C sugar, four eggs, having been refurnished in most	EFVWth
yolks and whites whipped ' separately elaborate fashion in preparation for	'v N 01 DROUGHT,
and then together, three teaspoon- a visit by Queen Victoria and the Farmers In old sections notice that Plenty of healthful, cooling drinks fulfl of good baking powder sifted Prince Consort.	droughts affect their crops more than
contribute greatly to the comfort of into ,our teacups of flour. Beat the THE DUKE OF PORTLAND.	<1,d in former years, and natur-
tho family during the liot summer h,uttcr and eugur together, then add	“,Jy conclude that the droughts
weather, and an all but endless var- 1,10 **8*, then the flour. Tumble at , k A 1 1 v l,is “ m,,[rn 1(0,1 room severe and longer continued. As
mmmmm
mm wm mm
and repeat the process of the day before. Two days after strain and to each quart of the juice add a pint of water and a pound of sugar. Stand over the fire and stir until the sugar • is dissolved. Bring slowly to a boil and skim off the scum. Then strain, bottle while hot, and seal Strawberry and blackberry vinegars are made in the same way.
Mixed with cracked ice, Jamaica ginger beer is a pleasant drink on the warmest days. To a bottle of Jamaica ginger extract add six quarts of water, an ounce of cream of tartar and two cupfuls of sugar.
Stir until the latter is dissolved.
Orate the peel of two lemons into it and heat it blood warm. Put in a quarter of a yeast cake dissolved in a little water. Stir up thoroughly and bottle. The corks will need to bo wired down. The beer will be ready for use in five or six days.
Currant water is another refreshing beverage that is easily prepared.
Simmer a pint of the fruit in a quart of water to which a tablespoonful of powdered sugar has been added.
Cool and strain and servo with cracked ice, a slice of lemon and I few of the fresh currants. This water is said to be beneficial to persons salTering with liver trouble.
Barley water, very thin, well Iced and flavored with lemon, is frequently served at luncheons. To prepare it put a heaping tublcspoonful of barley into an earthen bowl and cover with two or three quarts of boiling water. When it Is cold, drain and add lemon juice and sugar to taste. Grated nutmeg is also used by some people.
An old-time recipe for a summer drink that is supposed to resemble champagne in flavor is made as follows :	Slice a large lemon and
bruise an ounce of ginger root.,
Pour • ten quarts of boiling water over them and stand it away until cooled to • a blood heat. Add an ounce of tartaric acid and half a yeast cake and put it in the sun for the day
ties, and fasten
*************
?****+****44 ">*********
•> *4? <4*4444444444444444»444444444444444444444
t
?
HOME.
ON THE FARM. ?
Interesting Description of thc institution by a Lady.
»
Monastery At Oka.
£
Devonshire
4
<?>
M
: ' a
v
************
:
u
b
SOME COOLING DRINKS
I
!
t
t
are

*
hero
# $
ni in-
¦¦¦¦¦ moments The monastery is open to cv<-n 1 he worst sinn«*rs
Men from
ull professions, who have made grout mistakes in life, retire here.
thie end of the building is devoted to boarders.
testant or Catholic,
ON THE WAY TO OKA
The boat steamed up the Ottawa for two Hours, passing many points the soil and act as u hallowed by the blood of the French hold moisture during pioneers. To the lovers of history
this whole country is full of charm, rriic thing needful is to make and	H	was	down	the	Ottawa	that	the
royal personages than any other	use all the barnyard manure possl-	Iroquois	used	to	come	with	their
English noble, Lord Lonsdale,	bio and supplement this with all the	wi,d cry of “Hohe, hohef" Over the
whom the German Emperor has vis-	crops you can grow to lie down on	rapids at Ste. Anne they swept, to
the Duke "« K»irclough, at	the ground or turn under. There	the sorrow of the small fort at Vilri
lec will	keep	much	longer wrapped	whose Scottish Dalkeith Queen Vic-	are plenty of them now, and the far-	Marie, now Montreal
newspapers,	as	it	excludes	the	l°rla held her only Scottish draw-	mer who does not avail himself of	this same river that Dollard
ing-room; Lord Itoscbcry, the Duke them fails woefully in living up to sixteen men went to meet 700 Iro-Moth millers are flying about now, Marlborough. All of these noble his opportunities, and	arc said to be unusually thick	f>er8a,is have entertained royal house	We	mention	some	of	the	greatest
tills	year. Woolen garments hanging	forties. There are ofliers	who be-	friends	of	the	farmer	in this	respect,
in closets should bo looked after.	b>ng to the elect, but the list is not Medium, mammoth and alsike clover,
After you have washed and ironed vory *°ng.	cow peas, soy beans and rape,
your ribbons, draw them swiftly un- 16 vou,1K Duchess of Marlborough Too much emphasis cannot be plac-dcr the flat-iron, holding it on one	5vn* the ,llst American hostess to	ed upon the importance of these
edge. Do this two or three times	mve the honor of entertaining the	crops as renewers of soil for all
and your ribbon will not bo stiff,	Posent Queen, but other Americans,	crops. The more extensive your far-
but soft and pliable.	* omîtes» of Craven, Lily, Duch- min g operations arc to be the great-
Thoee hot days a frozen desert is	rss of Marlborough, and Lady Ran-	or reliance must be placed upon the
the kind most approved, and there	(,oli‘h Churchill, were favorite host-	above cheap pasture, hay, humus
are many kinds that may bo made	ot t,ie 1>rinc* of Wales. It will and fertilizer crops. |
with	less trouble and expense than	b« Intvrostmg to see where	the King
pie	pudding. It is a simple mat-	^aws tlio line and what	friends of
sxvnsrsft e,5S»s ss.—
Ices frozen without stirring LN 1 LUI AINING ROYALTY
arc in special demand, and in freez- j8n’t, after all, so comfortable and ing such the process must be slow, delightful a thing that men and wo-The texture depends in considerable Dien need cry for it degree upon the proportions of ice grout but the trouble is greater and and salt used. In packing any mix- the responsibility of the hostess is u | turc that is not to be stirred the ice tt trille wearing. Everything is pre-and coarse salt should be in about pared with pomp And circumstance, equal measure, the ice crushed line but, of course, everything is subordinated to the whim of the royal
»
There any man. Pro* priest or la «mm, may stay if ho chooses, and it is fiui,j that priests who have ginned are often urged to Lu Trappe to purge their souls.
A fier dinner the chapel was thrown for ray eyes, though I was strictly forbidden to step over the door-sill. The altar wag decorated In excellent taste, though niy distance from it made a minute description impossible
sion

HOUSEHOLD HINTS
I ted.
It was up with
air
i
quois, each man vowing to give no quarter nor receive any. They found a grave at the Long Saw it Rapids, but their daring deed checked the inroads of the Indians for many years.
About twenty miles from Lachinc the river widens into the large, calm and beautiful lake of Two Mountains. From the boat Mount Ca vary may be seen, crow nod with three of its seven chapels. Headers of Mrs Cathcrwood's "Romance of Dollard" will recall that the wife of Dollard is supposed to have stopped for one night with her Indian companion in one of thcs3 chapels, as she followed her husband to hit; certain death.
Then perm into visit the
was granted
grounds
Jt is against the rules for women
° £,J ubout these grounds, but you
may forget the rules for to-day," the father said.
in front of the main building, on a flight elevation—we should call it a hill in our flat country—is loire, with an imago of the Virgin.
I rom here a splendid view ran be obtained of the farm of 1,000 acres.
I lie old house where the Trappists! N>eid their first winter is near, and farther oft the old convent stands.
I he barns are large and well kept; the holds promise abundant harvests, the I turcs contain the finest breeds of cattle
an oru-
DAN1SII EXPERIMENTS
Some experiments in Denmark, extending over four years, have been conducted with the view of determining the chemical properties of Danish butter fat, and of ascertaining if dairy cows may be relied upon to produce milk of a uniformly high standard
pies of butter from 800 creameries I tery lies in the lulls three miles !"¦ wero examined, as well as butter yond, and we soon wound slowly from individual cows on different I over the low hills, it would be hard
P	to show to	1
that the quality of batter and its along the Ottawa. Now the river The old cemetery is the square commercial value stand in no relu- is in sight, now hidden from view,	formed	by the building,	but	that	is
lion to its composition, and that a until suddenly La Trappe appeared	filled	and	the	later	cemetery	is	out-
perfect guarantee of purity cannot	before u.1. The building	is in the	side.	It is a beautiful spot, adorn-
bc established by means of chemical	form of u square # around	a central	od with flowers and shrubs, and	in-
standards. With regard to the ex- court. It is made of grey stone, closed with a high fence amination of butter fat from indi-	with several towers, and is very pic-	ses may be seen	at	a distance,	also
vidual cows, it was found that the	turesque against a background of	the open grave, and	the silent	white-
quality of milk differed considerably, green hills. Doth the building and robed figures pacing back and forth Six cows wero selected from each of the location are new. This building at thoir devotions, three dairy farms, two of each lot	was erected in 1890. The	old mon- Not	the .east impressive
being fresh milkers, two in about	nstery is farther down the	hill, and	of the	day was the bell
the middle of their lactation periods,	is used for an agricultural school,	teen minutes of	life	is gone
and two old milking cows. The	The monks are excellent farmers, as	rings, and again	and again,
r manufactured from the milk | the fields, vineyards and orchards not seem
fast
lug
A QUAINT INDIAN VILLAGE
The boat bow reaches Oka, a quaint Indian village, the landing place for La Trappe. The stage was No less than 7,881 sum-1 waiting at the wharf, for the monos-
Huge Percheron horses, imported for the monks' use. are in the stables and hogs nrc raised on a very extensive scale, for besides their wiü'v honey, butter and ch monks sell large quantities of pork
AN OPEN GRAVE.
The honor is
the
eese
and well mixed with the suit To pack a mold of ice, put the pro- ! guest, parution, in the mold, heaping it a , Ordinarily, the host and hostess little, cover with a piece of waxed 1 and the other guests see compura-pnper, press the cover on tight and j tively little of the royal guests, bind the seam with u strip of cloth 1 though the Prince of Wales was ul-dipped in hot suet. Put a layer of i ways distinctly in evidence and most ice and salt in a small tub, on tl is informal. In the houses most freplace the mold, cover completely i quented by royalty the royal suites with ice and salt, packing closely, are quite shut off from the rest of cover with a piece of carpet or a the house, having even their own blanket, and let stand from four to | private and secluded gardens attach-six hours
The crus-
feature Again fif-and it It does as if life could speed so
ed. Meals are served in the private rooms, dinner being usually the only meal which the royal jguest elects to oat in company with the host and
hostess and the other guests. The yielded by these cows was submit- testify, but not one was to be seen
royal visitors bring their own ser- lcd to chemical examination month- at work at that hour. The good Nine years ago, when tlicj new FEW PERSONS WHO MAY HOPE | van ta, so that they may be served \y for a year. The general conclu- fathers and brothers were taking building was dedicated
by attendants familiar with their %lon drawn by the analysts engaged their noon-day nap. They dine at place was thrown open for inspectants and tastes.	in the experiments is that the varia- 11 o’clock, then sleep from 11:80 to tion. Vast pilgrimmages of men and
The chosen few, who are likely at tlons in the chemical properties of 2:30. They certainly need the rest, women came here from all directions any time to be invited to join royal Danish export butter are not due to for, though they retire early—at during eight days to see this home house parties, never accept such an adulteration as has occasionally seven in the winter and eight in the of silence. The women might then invitation without taking with them been claimed but are caused by the summer—they rise at two in the examine all parts, the cells and beds full outfits of mourning. It is im- natural variations in the butter fat morning.	where the monks sleep; I
perative that every member of such from the individual cows.	RECEIVED MOST CORDIALLY, sional, the chapel; but
a party shall wear exactly the de-	----- '	‘	their curious eyes have not pene-
gree of mourning prescribed by the	WEANING PIGS.	The inscription In Latin over the trated. Still, from the cordial man-
court; and, now that royal relation-	'	door bespoke welcome.	ner of the monks, I am almost con-
ships are so complicated and	far The common method of weaning “Happy are they who dwell in the vinced that they do not exclude us
reaching, the court is likely to be pigs is to let the sows go out in the house of the Lord."	because they hate us.
thrown into mourning at a moment’s	pasture and shut up	the pigs. Then	The white-robed fathers received us	jn Spjtc	of what might	be called
notice. A house party beginning	in	the music begins.	The sow hangs	nr )st cordially and talked very free-	hardships,	La Trappe seemed not a
rose color and sky blue often ends around there the whole day, and then 1$, though for the most part in bad place to stay in dead black.	the udder would get	caked and we	if/cnch. Some of the brothers were	wholesome	and simple, the	hours are
. Queen Alexandra never went with FOR TIIE ROYAL VISITOR.	would have trouble	with them, and	also present. They wear the brown	eegular. sleep is sufficient,	clothing
cloth and let it stand	twenty-four	her husband to a racing house-party,	as well ns his host,	the occasion	sometimes have an excellent brood	robe.	is comfortable and clean, peace ol
hours. At the end or that	time	unless the host and hostess	were	jsn't all cakes and ale.	All the local	sow ruined. I don’t do that now,	The first enquiry—and	a very	hos-	mjnd	js t.l;eirsgg*H ¦
strain it mul pour it into boti les. great dignitaries of the realm, and j philanthropists rise up and call up- says a writer in the Swine Breeders’ pi table one—was whether we had had Tho mcnks themselves give evi-Cone securely and stand	away	hi a,	never visited at a house whose	host	on the royal guests to	open bazars,	Journal. I have a feeding floor ad-/	dinner. Of course no one would	dine	dence	of good car0 iu their fine phy-
cm! piece.	was a bachelor, save in the one	case ,	lay cornerstones, plant	trees, give	joining my hog house. The feeding( elsewhere with a dinner	at the	con-	si ue>	Sonic faces are saddened,
A sort, of tea kmotnde is .lk*I by	of the one visit to the Earl of Fife	medals, make speeches. Floods of	is all done on this floor, the sows	vent in prospect.	The meal was	some nrc	spititualized, some are full
many people for an everyday hover-	who, later, became her son-in-law.	j letters, all asking favors, pour into	are shut in on this floor, and the	soon served, for	guests are always	of mirth>	no ,ifc of gji^ce ûnd pcn.
age. Make some weak lemonade Now that the Prince and Princess lhe house. Social delegations and pigs allowed every access to them, fc expected, but they are with rare ex- ance can (,uench. Hut whatever and weak tea; combine them und of Wales have become King and magnates call to present petitions, feed the sows all the oats they will replions men. To them La Trappe story thuir faces told, thev were all sweeten to taste. i his can be made	Queen, their visits will be hedged	| Every shopkeeper hopes that His	eat; give all the water they cau	is as freely open	as any country	equally hospitable and cordial
and kept on the ice for several days	about by more etiquette than ever,	Royal Highness will buv something !	drink. The pigs are fed all the shel-	home could be.
by making a strong infusion of tea	nnd it is supposed that only the	j uf him and so give him the right to	led corn they will take. They go up The dining-room	was light and airy
und a strong lemonade, straining, very elect of the Kingdom will bo & splendid sign bearing the magic there, cat and get to the sows. By and spotlessly clean, with a touch
mixing them and diluting to taste	honored	by permission to entertain	j “Purvey ors to the King."	Queen	the end of the week these	sows arc	of the feminine in the	muslin cur-	During	a local election in a Geras they are used.	Others use a	them.	TTiero is a certain small	Victoria and the Princesses	were al-	dry and the pigs get so	disgusted	tains at the windows.	The repast	man town only one man appeared	at
combination of vichy and Russian	|	English set that has always been	wavs delightfully good-natured	going up there and	finding	nothing	was bountiful—roast meat, vegeta-	? he nomination desk.
called the royal house party set, its1	about the last function, and where-	that they just quit.	Now	you can	bios, bread and butter, and wine—	Whom do you nominate?	inquired
Iced coffee, too, is a delight. This	members being all eligible to invita- |	cvcr they visited every little shop in	turn the sows right	out in	the pas-	not a tiny glass of it, but a whole	the official,
is better if the cream	and sugar are	lions	to	a royal house party and	j the neighboring village blossomed	turc with the pigs, and there is no	tumblerful—followed by	cider, served	Myself!	was the answer,
put in while it is hot,	and after cool-	most	of	them being eligible to the	' out in royal coats of arms	and uc-	more trouble. Now this	is not a	as generously. The wine is of their	Do you	accept the nomination?
ing it is then placed on ice.	position of host and hostess.	I credited alorv.	theory, I have done this way for | own making, the dark wine called Well, no.
jn ono tdny village the shops were years, and I never had pigs suck the | St Hilaire, tho light wine Lorette.	The officer laughed, and said:
¦	, _	,	go small that the official attending ! sows again. It is a very easy thing Honey was served, too, made by	Then we must try again
who, though firm in matters of the t h u sent to the shop-, to dry a sow that way. Feed them their own bees, and cheese, which has do you nominate?
HmH" EHHir IvS Bmr ErB —
ful of pitted cherries, spi a «	guest, never Issued orders as to the d protested Thev would Shy- different pastures, sows in one and led Port du Salut.	A subdued Donnerwetterî escaped
=., f vpt eruttss süïæ 5	sr asst- sr *•' - — - ™e — srsa	—-.........—> -
to11."» t ‘s»	n“"
oven. Serve with cream and sug.n not known to bo persona grata, and	Î&L _ v	begin- There are many places which need said, but had bread, wine, cheese nnd
or with a liquid sauce.	tho Queen never suggested additions	n this	visit that an epi- draining only because of some spring fruit. Usually they have but one
Cherry Cheese.—Pit red chcrnes to tho list, unless there was some s , cc .	, j(.i mukes one's which docs not discharge at the sur- meal a day, but in the busy season
and chop them line. T o each poum urgent reason why a certain person *. f	,	, roV .ltv When face, but rises near it and then sut- there is lunch at four o’clock in the
of fruit add half a pound of white should be included. The Prince and	^.^TYrrlvnd the 'young urates the soil all about it, until jt1 afternoon.
sugar and simmer slowly till a princess of Wales, on tho contrary, f	^	k ’ fauteuil, finds some place where it can drain j They perform manual labor five
smooth, jelly-like mass Seal in	0Len made out, themselves, the list i nnl.	nxviih r mture	began	off. We have seen such a place well	hours a day; the rest of th« time
glasses Ike jolly, and when wanted	0f persons they wished to meet, fn i b	,	violently un and	down	drained by a shallow, open ditch j they arc at study nnd prayers. There
for filling layer coke, sandwiches	a certain neighborhood, and the list q . ;	0l ,?.n	'^,r..1(!(,	that led up to the spring, changing	arc fipe Trappists’ monaster, %s in
or tarts. It is delicious served with	frequently	included perso As	who	,.n, i* r»n't holn it cran "	gasped	the entire previous bog meadow to	America—three in Canada and two
whipped cream.	would not	by position and	prece-;	.. p’ /E™ *	,.ft V. the'loveliest	firm land with a running brook of	in the United Statcs-one in Ken-	avtuat q	rinr.'Q
Cherry Syrup.-Extrnct tho Juice	dence have	naturally been invited.	, ltn^“*I	* .truck "	pure spring water through it. Other	tucky and the other in Iowa The	ANIMAL S	CRIES.
of the cherries as if for jolly. Vo	Whether tho King and Queen will J a	truest	like	that might seem al-	places need the more thorough drain-	law of silence is ordinarily observed	The	roar	of	a	lion	can	be	hoard
each quart of juice allow three	follow the same custom remains to most human	age given by the tile drains at about	throughout tho convent, but it seems	farther	than	the	sound	of	any	othei
pounds of granulated sugar, and a be seen.	I	‘	two rods apart, to carry away not ! to make these monks fluent talkers living creature. Next comes the crj
quart of boiling water. Dissolve Queen Victoria, cjuring her reign, I	_______|-----—	only any spring water that may when they are permitted to speak, of n hyena, and then the hoot of th#
tho sugar in the water, add the juice never once visited a subject who did I , *	j come up through them, but the sur- The sign language is used, and two owl; after these the panther and th#
and let it come to a boil. Skim,	not hold high hereditary rank	or a |	\ iady about	to visit a	former i	face water that comes down from	monks may often be seen talking to jackal. The donkey can be hoard
boil it a minute or two, then bottle	distinguished position gained by in-	school companion, and wishing	that	| the surrounding higher lands. One ; each other in that way.	fifty	times farther	than	the	hors<
and seal tightly. It makes a delic-	(effectual and personal merit. She	her baby daughter should look	its	I of the readiest methods of distin They work in silence, passing out	and	tho	cat ten	times	farther	tha*
ious sesve with hot wheat	pancakes,	steadfastly ignored tho invitations	best, intended to put on the	child a	guishing these bogs is	that,	where	1 to the fields In	long, single flic; they	the	dog. Strange	as	it	may	seem,
It is also an addition to	the mince	of the moneyed aristocracy; and, if	needle-work cape she had been at	there is a	hidden spring, the	land	j cat In silence,	and, of course, pray	the	cry	of a	hare	can	be heard	fan
the King goes to Cliveden, he will great pains to work, and gave it to j will bo wet even in a dry season, and meditate iu silence.	tlicr than that of either the cat o*
do what his mother would not have her to air before the kitchen fire j while the other may get quite firm | Once a week—on Fridays—they cos-1 the dog.
rinnn POOKIES	donc‘	while she went	into tho next	room,	in times of drought. The spring al-	ligate themselves with a whip. Some
uu 1 v	' *	Among the notables who are cllgi- she was absent longer than she cx- so, may often be found by the fact are cruel masters to themselves and
Children and grown folks alike en-	bio to the position of host and host-	peeled and on returning was aston-	that tho show melts earlier during | carry the wounds for days. Then
joy good cookies. They are handy	css to the sovereign, certain ones	jShcd to hear little Bella call	out	| the winter and the grass starts ear-I there is also the daily confessiez at
to have in the house and	"top off"	have always, on the ground of per-	from the kitchen:	Mamma!	d yer	Her in the	spring, and	keeps	green	two o’clock in	the morning
a breakfast or tea. or fill	a gap in	sonal liking, been singled out for	think it's neeley done? It'o	gettin'	during the	dry spell in	summer or	monks assemble before the bishops
the l'joch pail very Acceptably. Some the most frequent royal visits.	and brown.	* tall.	I of the convent, and if any one has
ENGLISH MAL VISITS,
the whole
TO ENTERTAIN THE KING
At night put it into bot-
the corks down] King Edward’s Ways as Prince
The Late Queen Victoria as a
Guest.
It will be ready for use
with wire
in two or three days.
Ginger beer is another wholesome i King Edward VII. is going to vis-drink tlmt is easily prepared. Re- it William Waldorf Astor at Clivc-movo the seeds from six large sound dpn# say t|lc English papers. Jn the lemons and slice them into a deep old days when the King was Prince earthen bowl. Add to them three of Wales his visits were hardly ounces of bruised ginger root, six tional events. Ho visited en garçon cupfuls of sugar and four gallons of wherever his fancy led him. al-
When tho latter is though he xvos a tremendous stick-lukc-wurm put in a quarter of a jer as t,0 the houses which his wife yeast cake dissolved in a little wa“ | could honor by her presence Cover the bowl with a thin
the cunfos-sinco then
nu-
boiling water
The foods are
ter

f-
A RELUCTANT CANDIDATE
tea
QUEEN VICTORIA,

Whom
DOMESTIC RECIPES

...
You accept the nomination?

i
No
,
cups
Myself! came the invariable reply. Do you accept the nomination?
The man rose up nnd a smile of satisfaction spread over his face ag he answered proudly:—
Having been three times solicited by my fellow citizens to accept the nomination, I cun no longer decline to accede to their wishes, nnd re tired.






use



&



pics


Miss Grimm—All right, sir; I sh sue you for breach of promise ton—You’d better not attempt it. 1 you do, I’ll bring an action fof slander against you for eaying / proposed to you.



The













###PAGE###4###
SMART & SMITH
MASSBY-HARRIS
THE EQUITY.
We Offer
WANTED.
B
Qualified 1’rot estant Teacher for A hi field School No. I. Duties to commence Sept. 2nd to Dec. 2%rd, and from 1st April to June 30, HMti. Salary stated on application.	FRKDV. SCHOEN,
Sev.-Troaa., l^wlysmith, Quo
SHAWVILLE
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE, AUGUST S, 1901
a few more pieces

d
W' X/
Summer Dress Goods
The British Parliament has voted Lord Roberts one hundred thousand, pounds for his services in South Africa
Lime For Sale.
Threshing Mill Men :
and the balance of
Krilzitmer, one of the Boer commandants, has notified general French that he will shoot all natives in the British employ, armed or unarmed, who fall into his hands. He has shot some a'ready. He is justifying the characterization as '•marauding ruffians " of the Boers who are now in the field.
The undersigned offers any quantity of Lime at a reasonable price.
ROBERT STOREY,
Clarendon Front
Readymade Blouses
PONTIAC
WOOLLEN
We are now prepared to supply you with
at the same discounts as last week.
See the Blouses at 25 and 50 cents.
The British Government is trying to secure from Germany the most favored nation treatment for Canadiin golds. If success attends the efforts Canadian exporters will be put back in the place they occupied before the Laurier Government undertook to run the foreign commercial relations of the Empire, and made a mess
of it.
Mill Teeth, (all kinds)
Belting*
Cylinder and Machine Oils.
Binder Twine at rigljt prices-best brands.
MILLS
*
-A FULL ASSORTMENT OF-
Houao and Floor Faints, Varnishes, Stains, &c.
The service i of the immigration branch H&V6 COI21I116IlC6Cl O P 6P& -
x tio™for the aeMm>au'1
laborers for the Manitoba harve»!. Mr wjH be foUlld tltOVOllLrhh Frank Ptdley, superintendent of l in ml-	,	,
gration, has cabled to W. T. U Preston,	equipped tO UO <T SatlStaC-
SX2	°iw>	t«y trade .ill, the farmers
1hborers sre required to harvest the crops 0f the SUlTOUlulill'1 COUlltrV. in Western Canada. Wages vtiered are
i--25 to $2 50 per dsy and employment I Custom WOrk Will receive
,or,h,“ —a...*	I careful prompt „,,e„.| MACFARLANE BROS.
tion, and the public may rely on getting the best satisfaction.
! We are sole agents in Campbell’s Bay for
Art Baking Powder and Spices and SALADA Teas.
Best materials and correct prices.
The grant of £100,000 to Lord Roberts was objected to in the House of Commons vn the ground that the Field Marshal had shown great inhumanity, and employed barbarous methods in South Africa. If the Krugentes had their ways the British soldiers would probably be deprived of their pay, while the Boers would get a grant out of the excheau batje they slaughtered, premium to the ruffian who finished his man after he was wounded.—Montreal Gazette.
SMART & SMITH.
McCormick Harvesting Machinery
ANDREW HODCINS,
BVERYWSERI TAKES THE LEAD.
uer for each noi , with a special
THE McCORMICK BINDER.
How The Lumbermen Will Entertain The Duke
fhe Pros
inner always has a
JHE DAVID MAXWELL & SONS
SHOW-ROOMS, SHAWVILLE, QUE.,
FARMERS !
call and inspect our
Binders,
Mowers
and
!

The Otlawt Va ley lumbermen, ac cording to the sketch program submitted Toronto, July 30. —A Globe special I to the committee, have decided to enter-from Winnipeg says that President F. W. tain the Duke c f \ork on the cc:asion of Thompson, in’opening the Winnipeg Fair his visit to Ottawa next month, in what said: 111 hop* to live to see the day 1 may be termed a moat represenVive when the province of Manitoba will be ; manner. The idea is to const uct four producing more wealth than the entire , cribs near Britannia, for the accommo-spring wheat of the United States which : dation of the royal and V ic-R?gal parties, promises to-day some 250,000,000 bushels j the committee anl the p:e»s. Pievious
When Western provinces will j to entering on the cribs the royal visitors be exporting more cattle than are now j will be shown through the mill if Mr. J,
«hipped from the shores of all America. | R Bioth, at th3 Chaudière, which turns When Wininp?g will become the chief j out annua ly 12.),000,000 feet of sav n o ty of the Dominion, and one of the 1 lumber. The cribs will run all the rapids moat important on the continent. The &nd the si des. Five hundred river men, time cannot be far diitant for develop- picturesquely attired, wil.act as an escort ment must come, and when our famous j travelling in birch bark canoes and river grade of wheat known as Manitoba No. 1 boats. After passing the Mes the Duke
and a camp crew w.ll exemplify all the operations In connection with the manufacture of tquare timber and sawn log*, i 4Q01 Subsequently the royal family will bo enterttmed at luncheon.
The Future of Winnipeg
RIGHT-HAND ^
CALL
MîCORMICK
AGENT
m



mm
or more
CK
i
v.

ALF. HOWARD, - Agent - SHAWVILLE.
N#*,-.



Bakes.
Will Benefit Stockmen
1901
Stock raisers in Eastern Canada may congratulate themselves on the fact that the Pan-American Exposition is going on at the same time as the Central Canada Exposition at Ottawa, from Sept. 13th to 21st.
The reason for this is that the western herds will in all probability stop at Buf | 1 falo in place of coming on east and thus ° the eastern stock raisers will have the field of competition for the liberal cash and other prizes all to themselves and be free from the rather dangerous rivarly of their western brethren.
In consequence of this there will be a much larger exhibit of eastern stock than ever before. The management are making preparations accordingly and the ac commodat ion will be unsurpassed.
The special attractions, the dairy and other exhibits and all the pharaphernalia of the fair will be of the highest possible order and agriculturists and stock men
J-CRAHAM
OR
We have also Buggies, Express
agons, Harness, Churns.
A Boon to Manufacturers
OREMOST
URNITURE.
i The action of the Canada Central Exhi tion Association at Ottawa in throwing pen their agricultural building free to all w ho desire to exhibit their manufactures at the annual fall fair from Sept. 13th to 21st, is causing great satisfaction among manufacturers. Not only is space free but power is also supplied gratis in consequence of w hich the manufacturer secures a chance of exhibiting his products to the best advantage before thousands of people a» a trifling cost.
The attendance at Ottawa's exhibition promises to be unusually large this year, and Mr. E. McMahon of 2t> Sparks St., the Secretary of the Association is daily receiving applications for space, informa i tion, &c., from all parts of the country.
McRAE & McGUIRE
*
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it. ..	.............
Here it is I new
The Place goods
We have also a flpst-el
aasoptment of
TERMS REASONABLE,
CHARGES MODERATE. SATIS FACTION U V A R A NTEKD
PERSONAL ATTENTION
NEW
GOODS
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
SHAWVILLE.
ostriches are sure to prove a big drawing
.	_ _ .card and manufacturers will do well to
A Big Enterprise In The \ UiCOn. %.{the secretary for information as to
¦	freight rates, soace, Ac., be'ore it is too
Toronto, Aug. A special from Ta- p^e to secure good locations, coma, Washington, says : “The greatest1
enterprise ever undertaken in the Klon dike mining district has just been started by a sycd cate of British and Canadian capitalists, w o hive ob aiced from the Djminijn government a concession whereby they are to divert water from the Klondike river at a high pciut and to
distribute it through flumes	and	ditches	! Last week there was discharged from the
to a thousind hill and	beach	claims,	eit-	! prison of Wallichiech-Meseritsch, Vienna,
uated along the main creaks in the diatiict j a peasant woman, Marie D The comp my is composed of Malcolm 1 serving twenty years out of a sentence of Orr, Ewing and A. N. C. Thteadgold, of twenty-five years for attempted murder.
London, and Walter or Toronto. The;r In 1881 Marie P -----------was the wife of a
ounce* si< n provides that at least $250, prosperous farmer, but in a weak moment 000 noua! be expended before the end of I she fell in love with a young farm ser-1892. The building of the main aqueduct ! vaut, and the two conspired to murder the
h*s been started.	I	husband and take possession of rhs farm. .	...	4	-,
After a desperate struggle the husband |	Albert	Hubert, employed on
escaped although severely wounded.— board the barge, R.O. Byers, went out
The woman was sentenced to 25 years	!118hl t0 tM 1 11 tlie ljltiVd ™f.er
and her accomplice to imprisonment for 1 His boat spiung a le ik a id w h h.hng life, dying afterwards in prison. The «pidlj whanibe jumped overboard evi husband weak and crippled through his ' dently intending to *wmi ashore, but he injuries, was not able to take care of the was swept away with the eurent and property, gradually lost everything, and	before the men on the barge could
became dependant on his relations.—Irender	^16 deci8ed
When the woman left the prison she took wa®	lb®.b >uth African contingent,
and had been invalided home on account
of a severe attack of enteric fever.
Money Grant for the Buiferera
Road Changed Hands
NOW OPENING OUT -ÀT-
Toronto, Ju’y 31.—The Ontario Gov eminent has decided to place an appropriation of $1,200 in ihe hands cf the local o muiitte at Temiscan in* for the rt-lief of the sufferers frjm the re:eut liree.
A grant of $300 has a'ai been mud; for a school iu Kerns township. The people there had just completed oce at a coat of $000 when fire swept it away. A large tract of land has brea fire-swept which the settlers cannot crop juat now and to prevent second growth timber from coming up all over it, a grant tf $500 has been made for grass seed with which it wi 1 be seeded down.
Saturday's Ottawa Citizen says:—Tbs Hull electric railway, whose line now opérât a between Ottawa and Aylmer, hai|r_ i	¦ ¦
-J.51 - tavetro ugh i ng,
The basts of agreement of ta’e has it is	Da/vChw amJ
learned from an official tource, been1	00011 Ijfi 3,MU
agreed upon, but before all the paper» can	1
be finally signed and delivered legislation	Dûtiolrlntr
to overcome some provision in the charter	liCUttll II1K
wilt have to be obtained. This will be u i,	,	1
applied for at the next session of pailia- ITOâtlV ŒOH0	ât lûWGSt
ment. The consideration ia over one
million dollars in cash and bonds.	|	PHCQS.
The negotiation for the purchase of the road have been conducted conjointly with those relating to the running of cars over the interprovincial bridge. In semiring the road the 0., N. & VV. railway is incidentally relieved «>f the necessity of bui d ng a line in from Aylmer in connection with its Pontiac divieiaoo, for the tn-nacen run in over the electric line, which is equipped with the regulation Lesvy rails. It is understood that this service will be inaugurated during the present month.
The O., N. & W. railway, it ia stated, will take owr the entire electric line plant and rolling stock and assume their whole managmcot.
One of the members of the Hull Electric company stated yesterday that the money invested in the concern Lad never been real ted to the extent anticipated and the shareholders regarded the present time as the best opportunity for affecting the sale. The railway company could utilf’zs its present managment to operate the road and the two concerne could be operated as one much more cheaply and profitab'y than at present As ab)ve stated, the basis of agreement of sile, he said, had been reached and all arrangements practically completed. He refused, however, to e+ate the exact amount paid for the line.
Up-to-Date Store
STARKE’S CORNERS.
Romance of a Prison
HUSBAND AND WIFE RECONCILED AFER
TWENTY YEARS
Come and have a look at our several lines of Spring Goods now open for inspection.
, after
A South African Hero Drowned
DALE BROS
¦I
Buckingham, Aug 2. —A young man
Shawville.
Silas Young.
The Deinothenum
P- S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
REMAIN* OF A LONG EXTINCT ANIMAL PAID 10 HAVE BEEN DUO UP.
Willamstown Ont, July 30.—Some d*ys ago a farmer namtd Bonneville in digging a well ou hie farm, two mi'es from here, at a depth of thirteen feet came acioei the fossil remains of some Urge animal in a very fair state of preier vation. It is thought by man of tc.ence who have sine j viewed it to be the re mains of the long extinct Deinotherium The bones of the head are about the size of and resemble those of an elephant. The vetrabae are from eight t > nine inches in diameter and the teeth about two to three inches in length and are much worn on the crown. Much interest has been aroused by the finding of the fossil animal, which is now in the possession of William McPherson, postmaster here.
VANTED
FRESH and CURED
Qualified teacher lady for section No. Leslie
1
with her nearly £250, the result of 20 years' prison life. H*r husband met her as she came out of jail, and a reconciliation was at once affected. The money was handed over to him, and husband and wife went away together determined to buy back the old farm and begin life
MEATS
Apply, staling salary, to
H. H. SEAMAN, Otter Lake, Que
Followed Her Husband
Otter Lake, July 18, 1901
AN OLD WOMAN COMMITS SUICIDE WHERE HUSBAND WAS KILLED.
of all kinds at
Public Notice,
over again
----------- Ithaca, N.Y., July 30.—Mrs. Hannah
An appeal will be entered by the Poo- Smith, aged 73, committed suicide in tiac Pacific Railway against the decision Fall Creek Gorge, near Fall Creek mill in the recent arbitration between the to-day by jumping from a ledge of rock railway and the Grey Nuns over certain 30 feet high into the shallow creek. 30 property in Hull. Property owned by , years ago this month, her husband was the nuns was used by the railway. The ! killed in practically the identical spot by nuns wanted $20.000 for the land and falling from this bridge with a heavy en-the company offered $8,000. Arbitrators gine. Formerly Mrs. Smith was an ex-decided that the nuns should be allowed | tensive land owner in Ithaca and very
wealthy.
THE SHAWVILLE
The will of the late Archbishop Lewis hie been probated. The estate ia valued at about $20,000. The widow is the principal beneficiary.
$11,000
Proprietor.

###PAGE###5###



THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
Mo *16.
LI.OF
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interest*
t
Meets the 4th Wednee-day of every mouth.
Court due* muet be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cor-diaTly Invited
punLiiHid evear thuumday AT BHAWVILLK, Co. PONTIAC, QUE SUBSCRIPTION-$1.00 A YEAN IN ADVANCE.
Plymouth
inder
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
L.B.C
0T No paper «topped until all arrearage* are paid, anleai by special arrangement with | j A CoWAN R H the publlaber
A. SMILEY, Prop.
H H. R A l(N BYT, K fl
John Beckktt, C IL,
o:
ADVERTISING RATER !
HA W V ILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN Styinj, Proprietor, j
S
Leisl advertising. eight cent* per ne for flret Insertion and four cent» per Hue for ,,ach subsequent Insertion.
Rosine** cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at $4.00 per year.
Ixxial announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
for °l oil* e r ' pè Mods ' 1 nserled X a t‘ low rates']	A Fahhionahi.K If A fit CUT,
which will be given on application.	Goon SHAMPOO, OR
l.m.V anm>mpaulylng l'h *m wllî ho Inserted	A ( r,K4N ti,lAVBe
fntll forbidden and charged for accordingly, \iW Your Turn next.
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
The Celebrated
W|cLaughlin Carriages
Now in Stock.
Is Purest Strongest Evenest Longest The Best and
Most Economical Twine on The market.
9
ALL STYLES ALL PRICES
CEO. HYNES,

JOB PRINTING
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order» by mall promptly attended to.
9
These Carriages stand unrivalled for Finish, Workmanship or quality of Material used.
At the Paris Exposition last year the McLaughlin Carriages were awarded the Silver Medal—the highest honer attainable in their class, and the whole exhibit was sold in Paris, proving that for real merit these goods are on top.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLB, - - QUE.
JOHN A. COWAN
Publisher
9
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
F.M.A.McNaughtoq,BA.,M.D.,C.M.
A large, well-selected and varied slock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
Graduate of McGill University,*
Oflee—Residence of the late Dr. II. M Knox. Shawvllle.
Ofloe hours-Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
A. SMILEY.
*
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
Just received—A car-load of Chatham waggons The best.
F. T. M. C.
Gradnate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Oradaate of Vletoris Univeralty, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity M*L Col legs, Toronto. Om<m a am Reeisesce : J. U Ameiwowi's House,
8HAWVILL1.
Buy your Plymouth Special from us.
Only 8 cents per lb.
QBE AT
CLEARING SALE
MAIN STREET
Express and Buggy Wheels
ALL SIZES. EIGHT PRICES.
McDOUCALL and CUZNER,
LEGAL
mm
B0ÜBBE1Ü HAIliVILLE, L. L. L
'I
ADVOCATE .. BRYSON
VISIT ShAWVILLI EVERY MONDAY
MILLINERY GOODS.
kbs. McWilliams
»
WILL
N|cCORMICK’S STANDARD

WM. GAMBLE,


ONLY 7f CIS. PER LB.
BARRISTER, fto.f
Room 20, Trust Building. No. 43 Sparks
St,, Ottawa, Out.
At Shawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
'VSce-ovor O. F. Hodgins' Store. Main At.
IS OFFERING HER STOCK OF MILLINERY GOODS AT
WHOLESALE PRICES.
O
SHOO Ilata at $1.75.
Sailors at 10, 15 and 20ocnta, to clear
them
V eiling 10,15 and 20 cents.
Flowers below cost.
All Trimmed Hats at a very low price.
G.F.HODGINS
CEO. C. WRIGHT,

HARDWARE MERCHANTS
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
»
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER, AC
OF THK PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
All must be sold by August 2(fyh.
Trust Building-
¦ 48 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
for a good milliner trade.
A good opening as I have done a cash
Phone No. 1884.
Attend» court» of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
WHY BUY a low grade Flour simply because it’s 25 to 50 cents a barrel cheaper than our
mrs. McWilliams.
----——— --------—The School Commissioners in Account with the
District and Country.	Municipality of the Township of Clarendon.
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L.
ADVOCATE, dee.,
LAW CHAMBERS )
i
MAIN STREET. HULL, - - QUE.
DR
XV
1898.
June 30 To amount of cash per last audit
11	“ uncollected taxe», arrears of 1896-97. ;
u	44 total taxes as per Collection Roll..
44	44 Children's Fees....................
4 4	4 4 Government Grant......... ........
44	41 School Fees per Miss McCuaig.......
44	44 Pension Fund, 2 per cent ou $2250.00
44	44 Superior Education Grant...........
44	41 J. Telford, over credit............
“Gold Medal” Brand,
$.115 82 1071 83 1898 08 701 60 232 36
At Shawville 3rd Thursday each month. C msiderable damage was done to the At request attend» Court» iu District of Cornwall Canal last Wednesday by the
«•nrrespondent».------------------------- or thf£ diiya for repiir..
Mr. Nain Lister, of the Marchants' Dmk, Eganville, has been transferred ti Renfrew, and h s pace in Egan-viile has been taken by Mr. L Maxwell, of Ottawa.
Mrs. Wm. C >nnor, of Smith’» Falls ha» ha 1 mure than her share of ill luok late A while ago she had one of her legs amputate! ; then the had a cataract iamoved from one of her eyes ; last Friday, while preparing to undergo a similar operation she fell and broke her wrist.
which we guarantee will produce 36 to 37 8-lb. pans of beautiful flaky, white bread ? If you are using a poor flour compare results and you will pay the difference in price every time.
Used by local and city Bakers
5 25
W. W. IRELAND,
45 00 65 00
1 38j - 4330 34g
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court
Comrolselooer oud Conveyancer Mortgagee, etc., executed legally and satis factor 11 y.
Deeds,
CR
1897
$4 30
July 0, By Mrs. Jas. Findlay, balance of contract, No 11
4 W. J. Eads, halt expenses to Ottawa........
44 H. Armstrong, lighting tires No. 7.......
44 R*v. T. A. Wilson, Deputy Examiner No. 1
44 James Creek, lighting fires No. 3.........
41 Miss Smart, '* No. 2......................
44 James P. Carson, tixiuc seats, No. 2.....;
25 44 Mr. T. Hodgins scrubing and dusting No. 5
44 J, W. Armstrong, auditor...................
44 E. W. Hodgins, auditor....................
44 Ernest McDowell, repairs No. 4.............
12 44 Robert Armstrong, lighting tires No. 10
16 44 H.B. Hodgins, overcharge No. 9..........
14 H. B. Hodgins, lighting tires No. 9---
21	44 J. A. Cowan, pric ing.............
30 44 G. F. Hodgins, blinds, No. 4........
44 H.Armstrong, for work, No. 10....
44 Clarke, repairs on stove No. 12.....
5	44 Janies Hope & Sons 14 Dictonaries
6	41 Freight on Dictonarries............
15	44 Lizzie Elliott"chalk and broom.........
19 44 Mr. Thomas Hodgins, exemption, No. 5
22	* 44 Mrs. J. Wall, fees for child, No. 12.
23	44 John Rabitallie, fixtures, No. 8---
23 41 J. H. Bradford, 14 Registers.........
QUE.
Special Prices in 5-barrel lots.
SHAWVILLE -
3 oo
10 oo
15,
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
9 00
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
N° K elYa ncb Llo'a NN a n dRiha vinos11 L
GO., OF ONTARIO.
MONK Y TO LOAN ON HAST TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
12 00
5 00
23
3 00
5 00
23 “ T. Palmer, for wood, No. 10................
23	“ J. G. Armstrong, repairs on stove, No 10 26 “ David Hughes, work on school, No, 9....
March 1 “ H H Elliott, work on the 12 schools.........
overcharged No 5..........
4	“ Mathew Thompson, firewood, No 1..........
12 “ James McArthur, 2 chairs, No 11...........
15 “ William Hayley, overcharged No 3..........
17 “ W C Stark, 10 cords pine, No 3...............
17	“ John Argue’s bill, No 9....................
24	44 Thomas Palmer, contract for wood, No 10..
for work, No 9..............
26 44 John Stewart, contract for wood, No 8.......
26	44 Thomas Prendergast, contract of J Richard
son, No 7 ...................
April 2 44 Stewart Stark, 10 cords of wood, No 3.........
14 44 Mrs James Findlay, on contract. No 11.......
25	44 Henry T McDowell, for work, No 4...........
6	44 Advertisement in Montreal Witness..........
21	44 McArthur, revolving chair, No 4............
28 4* James Creek s bill. No 3.....................
28 44 Freight on school charts.....................
28 44 James Creek, rebate for 1897, No 3...........
1896, No 3.........
5 00
1 35
8 00
Sir Sandford Fleming has presented his fine collection of exotic plants, valued at $10,000, to the Government, handsome new conservatory will be erected for them in Major Hill Park. This LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County I collection will form the nucleus for a
"r “fvïuîe^on “mod übî^ ter mV Pub- Pembroke'., ratepayers are soon to vote ®*Pl- f He male# conducted at Shawville once a on two by-laws, one to raise $18,000 for *(,ct*	1
î.irrôfflVf Bâhra»vni‘q‘»y' 00 general improvement, and $14,000
construct a macadam road-way on Pern
broke street.
On Sunday night burglars entered the residence of Mr. Thorn. Carpenter, Arn-1 prior, and carried off two watches, two chains, rings and other jewellery, besides a email sum of money. They got in Dec through • window. The McGuire grocery nearby was also entered but nothing was taken from there.
1 50
8 00
55 00
6 00
Aug. 9
A	i o
80
12 00
44
1 44
22 74
1 60

J. J. TURNER,
l oo
12 20 10 75
1 60
9 00
1 90
25
1 50
15	27 10 00
16	50
3 00
14 00
24	44
to I Nov
40
55
13 20 10 00
9 60
HOTELS.
3 20
4 00
1 00
St. Lawrence Sail,
6 70
2 30
1 00
15
4‘ freight and cartage on registers
Hodgins, bill, No. 5.................
“	»4 for school No. 11.......
9 44 George Telford, lock and pail, No. 8..........
13 44 James Hart's bill, No. 2............• •• ••••••
20 44 A. W. Chamberlain, bill of repairs, No. 10... .<	st	“ No. 13...
20 44 D B. Stevenson, bill, No. 14...
44 1 Receipt Book $1, express charg 44 John Dagg, contract for wood, No. 12.
44 Louis Cutberison, sick children, No. 4 28 44 Miss Seaman, window blinds, No. 14...
44 W. C. McDowell, bill of repairs, No. 12 30 41 B Workman, repairs on school, No 12.
June
23 14
3 50
20
3 44 G. F
Mrs C, M. McLean,
PreprletrMit
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
13 65
65
3 44
4 80
95
2 40
4 50
1 60
it
12 00 24 00 14 00
44
28 44
A wasps nest is always a bad thing, but one has brought particular trouble to James H. McCrea, a respected resident of Sheen, He decided that the nest, to insure safety to the family should be | destroyed, and applied a match to it, on
PRACTICAL Tuesday last. Unfortunately eparke
communicated to hie barn, and the build-WATCEMÀKEB mg and 80 tone of hay were destroyed.
18 00
28 44 H T McDowell, No 4.......................
30 44 G F Hodgins' bill, No 4...................
44 Mrs Wrn Stu-geon, lighting fire. No 1... ft44 Mrs Jas Findlay, bal. of contract, No 11 30 4' Wiletta Armstrong, lighting fires, No 10. 30 44 Mary A Horner, window blinds, No 13.
30	“ Mrs Thomas Hodgins, contract. No 5-------
ini, No 1........
20 44
1 10
20 00
1 25
es 25c....
30
20
4 00
9 60
30
24
10 90
2 50
25
1 15
i
1 20
14 02
80 27
.10
1 55
3 00
44 William Sturgeen, repa 44 James Wilson’s bill, N«
.10 “ OF Hodgins' bill, No 5....................
Miss H McKillop, chalk and broom, No 8
30 44 Thomas Palmer, overcharge..............
30 44 Mrs Thomas,‘balance of contract, No 7
Amount allowed for taking census......
30 44 Postage and Stationery.................
30	44 Secretary-Treasurer’s salary......
30 44 Amount over credited J Fulford, No 3
Over'credited James Robinson..........
30	44 A mount of Teacher’s salaries........
30 44 Amonnt of arrears for 1897 98..........
30 44 Cash on hand ...........................
30
20 48
o 3
30
1898
30
45 02
3 “ J. W Hodgins, bill of timber, No. 13........
6 44 Mrs. James Findley, lighting fires, No. 11.. 0 44 Mrs. W. J Murphy, bill for 1897, No. 13.
¦»	“ brooms, glass, and putty, No. 13
11 John Mubin, contract for wood, No. 13......
10 “ John Grant;	"	No. Hgg
10 44 McCredie & Hodgins bill, No. Id..
10	44 Thomas A. Elliott, repairs, No. 9..
10	R	~u	extras, No. 9...
11	“ Mrs. Thomas, lighting fires, No. 7
12	" O. F. Hodgins’bill, No. 9..........
12	“ John H. Shaw, bill, No. 9...
» G. F. Hodgins, broom, No. 14
12	“ Mrs. James Goodwin, amt. allowed her........
15	“	Ralph Homer for sick child. No.8.........
15 “ Ralph Hodgins for W C. Hodgins, 10 cords
wood, No. 9.....................
15 “ 1 Box of Crayons, No. 4_...................
15	"	S. Berber, charged for 1 child deceased, No. 1
19	“ Box of Crayons, No. 9. ......................
“ John McLean, for lumbei, No. 8..............
88	" Ralph Hodgins, moving school seats........
44 A. Angus, pail, bn>om and dustpan. No. 12. 14 Robt W Ralph, fencing school grounds, No. 10
and	I Toronto August 1.—Patrick Boyle, jaQ
JEIFELLEB formerly editor of the Catholic Register,
latterly editor of the Irish Canadian, was ”,P*	„ found dead in bed this moruing. Mr.
wa-tviipV	Boyle was one of the best known journal-
ÇLOCKJ*	*n Ihecity—in fact in Canada, and
jgWELLKRT. his death will be deeply deplored by Ca-1 hilvbrwÂrb I tholics. Mr. Boyle was well and hearty
last night, and he made an appointment this morning which he was nut deatined to keep.
66
4 00
30
80
14 00
9 00
65
5 44
10 10
11 90 13 50 19 65 10 00
30
6
8 00
%
120 00
1
38 j 50*
2 60
30
Ac. Ac
2245 38 ggggg 1160 304 15 83j - 4336 34$
liability of $1116.00 consisting of )), borrowed from W. J. Blades,
3 00
6 46
Rspairiho—
A arecULlTY
17 26
— n I The largest of the Canada Paper Com
SB AimiE. 1.1	few.
destroyed with the ex
23
12
In addition to the above account there is a $600 with a year’s interest at 6 per cent. and also $480.00 for Caxton’s School Charts.
These items do not appear in the above accounts because the loan was contract-
principal nor interest has been paid. And the first due till next April, there being three years to pay
1 46J
was
1 60
Everything
c?ption of the two tfc*am b filer#. The St. Francis Mill was built in 1897. It ,, warn perhaps the beat equipped and
S9S5S-H
mining unpaid will be handed Into the | hands were engaged in this mill Merchants' "Sank for	jjjjOX
7 80
Notice to Debtors.
ed last year, and neither the payment f(»fMJ|MMÈM| tor same.
We the undersigned Auditors having duly examined the accounts and vouchers of your Secretary-Treasurer respectfully submit the foregoing statement, which w@
Ê5-VKS5T }
15
the charts is not
1 GO
15
5 10
Feb. 15
75
proximo.
The
68
certify to be correct. Shawville, August 6th, 1898
23
fire will not interfere with the operations of the two other n.i *s at Windsor.
2 92
23
Shawville, July 15, 1901





###PAGE###6###

*¦

VOTES AXD COMMENTS.
..a hour. h. wm Ç) All the
Am/1* «	...	arrive, diamond
|g Krect the youvj ^îoate^1 William	h° K°l Uiem 1,0,111 1 do«’t
MBSOËÉÉB
^M^toiMWpWIWS
E5É*B**
sjmïïtc s££? «s s a	* sras L ms? -l=,;
r - —	-™ j «s#«?*»*>:~ : rtesssss
the upper part of the walls compara- fh.ut'er* whoso name was liloxam. and lncf V?pe* if 1^ut>crt ! come back at ,	1 ,8ay' don,t run it too hard, guv- b,i'ck marbie being used throughout tend to keep his body at a low (urn-
lively bare, but actually filled valu- *^1, WorU,y ^-tlenum was busily	«^ld.	nor."	nnd the decorations were responsible Pevature. The man who works Ink
™ ™ ..—
r;° 1 .*ust scc Curzon and get 1.	5	8	u	'	«gain.	Oh ? he was hav- I 1 dont know. This man sa vs gt> 1 gridiron that belonged to the ! ftlso tends to cure hay fever. A suf-
be regarded as an index of the posi- ,IlcIp yourself out of .,u. ”lc' .	bdre	«	few	days	and.	of	course the î-!,m Sïî ranging between !ererf from dyspepsia may find relief
™,° C.,lk" zr, „ ï '-F *!-- *>« -> £n,r - »”rz “ sz srs? »•ss ter» %
E f-F —1	pH %	bfs
lough we belong to a nation the mumtos Wllh tho message that ho ° (,.iei of his travels all over the V°ung fellow—how would vou r„..« cn !'c °n*s to the Spanish court, the horses is excellent for consumptives genius of which is mainly ngricul- Was t0 take me to Miss Curzon at , °rl,1 \}lis ’uck at the gold-diggings lo come to California ?"	cooking	utensils	alone	having	a	face	°r	those	Buffering	from	weak	lungs.
tomm
i ne Francis.	ten myself seen whales' blubber.
stud. Goodness
knows
COSTLY KITCHENS.
A GOOD BREAKFAST.
It Means Success and Happiness
t)n the occasion of the approach- i* ing visit of Ills Royal Highness the I £ IHike of Cornwall and York, Toronto ! £ will witness a splendid military pa-1 $ 8' ant. 1 en thousand volunteers j 5 will pass in review before the royal visitor. The demonstration of loy-
I


feet ive manner
To harvest the abundant crops with which Manitoba
4 4
a con-
the eves with which
lure, and, eliminating the ties of man's
incong mi-manufacture, teaches lJS to see unsuspected beauties in the familiar landscape. A Journalist,
writing of the West “The land is fat and
says, tivated ;
well cul-
the
people
arc
comes says, “O
but
they
cd, they are fat-heads is cultivating and elevating expressed on a small canvas
arc
We
not
cultivât-
9 9
can be
Recent
rumors
#
nation itself
- -=L~3Ssvm™
it on ladders about 14 feet or
Wherever one another and^ofd^teldy and firm! i ThC l®1IeJ of thc following story
' |>y long iron spikes driven into	'-- " ’
brickwork a few inches
1
1
1
BEST SHOTS IN THE WORLD
4 4
]
9 9
has applied for membership of famous Big Fib Club* ¦ serve it?
He and his brother, he says, spent a year in and about the Itocky Mountains. They had two rifles, ¦ bullet, and one keg of powder.
With these they killed
the
f
the
Doe.) ho de-
t
every ton
Why I feet
4 4
t
a rather
one
this
4 I
on an aver-
c
I

the
y
61
ii
fc
o
rc
sc
same
at
ni
Bl
CAUTION TO LADY CYCLISTS.
M
im
ke
ee
th
excoi;
I»«T
Du
ha
lot
ha
iy
Ladies
had
Go
Inp
child is a gir-rul.
lie
OUI
and
Mm
lib
Iht
Go
ibU
soi;
on




###PAGE###7###

se
!
"I give it up, dear,” replied the father wearily
| HIS
ILL-GOTTEN |
1 WEALTH.
You must tell I haven't energy enough own
SUMMER BEVERAGES
/

:
v
1110
a
•%

The Untimely End of
Joseph Devaa.
to guess.
"Why, you dear, stupid old father; you might have guessed, I'm mire. Who else would it be but—Bob ?"
Bob !" said tlio father, in a tone which did not indicate the liveliest satisfaction again ?"
"Ho only enme up to dine and sleep ; and there la a party, you know, at the Waldo's, which, of course, he did not care to miss
"Where la ho now ?" asked Mr Surtees, abruptly.
"He went out on the river for an hour or so, but he will be back in plenty of tirno look for him ?

UN
X
Timely Hints as to the Cool an/
Cheering’ Cup.
X

it
r
v
er

;
k-
•ratcful to the fevered palate is a cup of coid water in the fervid days summer, but more acceptable is! 1 do-loctable draft compounded of ' arcfully blended flavoring substanc-
';M jl ls the far cast with its sherds co-olcd by snows from the neighboring mountain tops, that has! taught, us how to allay the pangs of
midsummer thirst.
If a If the benefit of a beverage is • ost if it is badly served. ' of lemonade jn which float 1 hree itr;iwberries cherries
X
•i.
».


JJAM ( nj 0 HILL
Jtj'rl AM WESSuK
U-
t

i
Bob in
town—
I
i
:
i
t.
F

V
**••• ? v ?•• *!*%'' ?•>*>*>*><*«>*X*
>r
isme
oank. He received the strong-room
'«•y from Mr. Surtees, and placed it on his own bunch.
.	1 o** the present, wo two part-
wuldo told hit partner the “crR' ho Raid to Mr. Waldo, story in much the same words a* bo responsible for our own securities
he had weed to Mr. Faako.	und .wish. That will do. Mr. Sur- w,lh that Mr. Surtees passed into
Mr. Dandy listened attentively, I loes- And the unfortunate cashier hall and out across the Mali to then turned abruptly to the detect- with * few muttered words left the whcre tJie steps led down to the ivc. and said : "What do you think room-	river.
of all this, Mr. Fnske ?"	I "What is to be done next ?" asked ,:<> had not long to wait for his
I never nay what 1 think, sir, at Mr Waldo, rather helplessly.	fl°n, who was even then bringing his
least, not till 1 am sure."	"I will tell you," put in Mr b(mt alongside.
y°u u,° su,e ot nothing lu Peeke ; that is' to say. If you ' Why. father I would you like a ™L '	.. ,	!!!< an 10 fnt**list me with the affair, turn on the water ? Jump in :
1 am mure it is a put-up Job, v mu«t keep a close watch on this take you ns far as the church." said Mr. i-aske. decisively ; "you urtmh and find out all about him, Mr. Surtees shook his head and know what that means ? No ? both before and since the loss of the «aid rather sternly.
Well, done in the house by some one bunds« X)o you happen to know his ! "No, Bob, come on shore : I want who knows every move. Don't you private address ?"	to sf>eak to you."
seo how cleverly it’s all planned ? N°• 27, The Mall, Chiswick. That ! Bob Surtees chained up his boat I heso bonds-specially selected, pay* tH where Mr. Surtees lives. Any- ! end sprang lightly up the steps. A aide to bearer no transfer necessary, thing else you want to know ?" I fine athletic figure he looked in his harp that, eh ?^ rs, the cul-I Mr.	note-	white	and	at any other
f>rit is some one behind your count- book in which lie entered methodical- ! time the sight would have gladdened	J0V® is	a	fac-simi,ie	of	the war medal which will be presented to
cr* .. , ,	•	iï* 1 10 VarioU* fncts connected with hie father’s heart.	fln‘" hf| took Pftft in the South African campaign Th.» bars will
z™'"’
with a smile ; That goes far to ex- other a son, who was at that time I “There was nothin* dnimr in '	- biomo - camde._
=% ..tp'iiL'i"	r.u2r.«'"A,£.i!r rs	^1—* ~\*Utt£S?£Z£SgAE-	Jr jsisss rjrttisr.is
.m2», kl* syjrjTK	;,r;- C0DNIï' blf «	'v
Mr. Waldo. I cannot bring myself I from me, gentlemen, before long." : interrupted his father nno-rilv	—-	t,	^ cost. Having established Currant water is an excellent medl-j
piM|====£~
Bridge, facing the river, with gard- hearaal of their theatricals.”	.Z Z?iZ \B thc dls‘j|a-v *" ; menu. The industry w,* ,t new ono ice tefore serving,
ens both around the house and op- "In which you are to take a part „hi, Z;‘ J?A°W ,cnso wo find : tor this continent. No one could' Agreeable drinks may be made for
^ ^ ^	^ |
the waterside. Mr. Surtees was a lows nonsense. Robert. You don’t t 9m us	‘^b a mineral exhib-; |y no	liter a turn bear- Pounding of soda water and apply-
widower. His wife had died when - suppose for one moment that Mr. * tl , ? fuAltiiCr. investigation we mg on this subject, thc imcnic man- inK water and ice to them.
,, rISwz sB—Er™B!HF	SK
^JHBSpBnH
Emm
mmmmm ¦to» bm
pb mmm r ‘ ™ ~ ¦ ¦ | *
possession ?"	altern :	was full of fun and "go," j future. You have laid a heavy bur- lai rociuction works	ig of twelve pieces among themselves, The amount of satire which may
Invariably."	good at nil games, ready at a mom- | den on me, Robert, a heavy burden, a m*v CrVa£ ” r,hln\ln<v and this band gives frequent open air bc conveyed in an apparently harm*
"At night?"	ent's notice to dance or fight, to and I am nearly crushed by the tlon	^ concerts. All of this tends to a bet- less remark was well illustrated in a
I place them under piy PllIow jQin in any amusement, or take his weight."	I 7°# ni«nt i <hi« I ter feelin^ between employer and conversation which recently took
u "	share of hard-knocks.	; With these words Mr. Surtees turn-, building of this plant an i . _ | employees and may well be copied place in the writer s presence. A
As for Josephine, she was a per- cd to re-enter the house. The day , unniiy stai tea.u usning x « j to mutual advantage, by any large number of business men |
.	r „	______________. : fresh, was waning, thc red sun sinking be- of ^"«oftlieores but aB \vas wast- employers of labor.	sing the sudocn rise in life of a ccr-
key. could have laden healthy, straight-limbed, in thc first I hind the belt of trees, from amongst *»•	')0,k was ," fltZ® The Canadian Goldfields Company tain wealthy manufacturer.
...... She i which rose thc old tower of Chiswick "Partedl «gain, arnl again• in* first is an English Company. It is a I taught him all he knows, said ,
few days or weeks ?"	I carried her head high, and looked Church. But there was light enough this, t non mat. out n i n « , close corporation, no stock. being gentleman present, who belongs to a
"It is absolutely impossible : none fcaricssiy at you with her bright i to sec up and down thc Mall, nnh mispickei w ouia not m up ils g i . for 8ft,c ttn(1 this no doubt accounts racc famous for its money-getting of my kcya-ccrtainly not the strong- CVCS( challenging respectful admira- as Mr. Surtees crossed it he recog- , j a-ngiuio e\ kktk e oi m e, i	for thc fact that very little has been capabilities. I remember him whci
room key—have been out of my P°b" tion for her beautiful face, with its nised a figure slowly sauntering up dAV 111 me neap a	“ heard about this mine, although it he was a little tradesman with a
session."	clear wholesome complexion and fine the road	! „Jnrt.iniiv ^«nnnoariiur thc present îî* only 110 mi!vs from Toronto and turnover of about $15 a week. Hi
Mr. Fnske looked across the tabic cqIqp. Her hair was dark—ai- ! It was Mr. Fnske, in the same at- *1 a y ‘ 1 1 .	. n , f .	, has been successfully operated for bad R bro w hich brought him in a
at the partners in n meaning way ; most blftCk> her eyes a deep violet. ! tire he had worn at the bank that I ners now icaiang ine ueneiiis oi about fivo years> This is the only thousand dollars or so and enabled
and both seemed to understand the Although tall, she was exquisitely! day. with T.is tall hat poised loosely rorm(‘1 rallu,c^	‘	, r#e|n..in„ arsenic producing plant on thc Amer- him to extend his business
glance, which was intelligible to poor proportioned, her small hands, like on his head and his hands in hie . was ,,na *v c °	(	‘	.	icon continent manufacturing arsenic that he had another fire which
Mr. Surtees.	J her clear-cut upper lip and slight pockets.	T Lmurht 'hv th* r,ndi n on tt commercial scale. The pro- brought him over five thousand, and
"I know it is all the more against nostril8 betokened race and breed- "They have lost no time," said erty wa# Dougnt i>y o Lan . n duct ,8 40 to 50 ton8 p^r month and ho found the money very useful.
me, but I must tell the truth. Ih0 ing. while her voice, capable of the Mr. Surtees to himself us ho wont | (,° (	•	1	1 h.niHintr . lnnrn mifi this output is steadily increasing. ^cry interesting; remarked a quiet
key has Mover been out of my Pos- most varied modulations, now soft in. "I suppose I shall have that ! »	^ tbe oro bv	man; but there is one thing that I-
rj SSHS — sHE-E §	caK5 S5
loth to accuse you, Surtees ; you have readily obtained sweet svmpa-	A NATURAL MISTAKE.	Ulls ^11 iqSfl when the nresent ,ightcd with ttn anecdote relating to how he worked those fires.
s	bsssfije-™': mi&fe PS —
SSssSlSm HèSSHHS t—'
h
t
» l
CjWAMQg ru?.Z vf/\72
t-

mm
:
P
V
CAP L CO L 0M i

&
Hie cup two or
a
801110-
Arc you going to Shall I go too ?"
For the first time almost irr her young life her father broke away from her and spoke less gently than was his wont
"No, no I must speak to him— alone and at once."
i)
manne:

raspberries fruit depending, 1 '' '	' upon tin *m on,
giCiit flea I better than thc ed without any embellishment Lemonade is
or
%
of
tastes a one serv*
»

¥
(CHAPTER I CONTINUED
one of t hi dril Properly made it has no ri-vjil in popularity. Its basis should 0 distilled water if possible. As that is generally out of the question, it may have as a substitute filtered water, which has been boiled thon allowed to cool
Mr

will
mmw
r

CHS
VI
z

S
%

V.
>>
y
y

V.


and
Squeeze the juice from several lemons into a separate vessel arid add two table-tcftspoonful of powdered sugar lias rind of one lemon
cupful of the distilled or filtered water to each lemon used and the mixture
<V>.

-'0
l


P
IM
'KÆ/////JrÏML» \//
P f
Lh
t
1
O
U*
1

C/r '¦' "d Wy*>.
Four over this a
> 0

I'll
w
t
f
put
the ornamental
howl, pouring it over tho lumps of ire. Diop in a few fine strawberries and tha lemonade is ready to be served.

z
m/i

/
into
///.,.V
i
I
A DELICIOUS DRINK
may bo made when currants are ii.
Take a pint of 11.- Hi picked .fruit, and when they have been washed, let them simim (juart of water, to which a heaping teaspoohful of powdered
teen added
SOUTH AFRICAN MEDALS
?¦ Cason
fresh
r in o
sugar bus When cold, strain and
bined with
classification nnd I ico treated
The currant
a t er may bo by handed in glasses in which a slice of double lemon and a few of the fresh
This
cur-
and
"Any signs of a burglary lately in thc bank ? No I Any cash taken ? There was cash in the strong-room, po you said,—I think—nothing touched, only the bonds, which are payable to the bearer ! There was no con mon thief in this, you may be sure
ov»
• »
Well, but what docs Mr. Surtees himself say?" interposed Mr. Dandy, quite as much disinclined to think evil of his cashier us Mr. Waldo ; “let's have him in."
“Yes, I should like to ask him few questions," said the detective, once more nursing his leg.
A minute or two later Mr. Surtees entered tho bank parlor
was white and haggard ; his eyes restless ; in spite of his endeavors to keep quiet his lingers twitched nervously, and it must be confessed that his manner was altogether against him.
is com-
lake a good-
llis face
»
of various this form of on the judicial
lar
re-
JUST ONE QUESTION
4 I
I I
with my watch.”
“Do you think it is possible that	......__
your keys, or more particularly the | fe‘j~ typc cf an English girl :
strong-room ~	...... ....o___ ......
into any other hands during the last I bIo™v ’o{ budding womanhood '...'	1 -	I carried her head high, and looked ; Church
were cliscus-
Aftci
A FIG THEE IN LONDON.
Growing figs in the City of Lon don are great rarities courtyard of thc Aldgate Schools there is to be seen at th« present time a beautiful fig tree in full leaf, with at least twenty-fin good-sized figs developing upon It The tree is believed to be a relic o< the old abbey of the Holy Trinity, which existed for a good many centuries. The abbey was abolished by Henry VIII.
now. In th< ¦¦Ward
on
j





M


###PAGE###8###
'







QOOD NEWS
E. HODGINS & SON’S ADVT.
OÜR
il For Men and Some
\
4
n
LEADERS.
Fall Dress Goods
High Glass Goods
AT THE VERY LOWEST PRICES,
WHITE BOOTS, RED BOOTS,
BLACK BOOTS AND SHOES,
PATENT LEATHER BOOTS
in fact everything in the line of
SPRING AND SUMMER FOOTWEAR
from a Goodyear Welt to a common Split Bal.
can b^iad at the
BOOT & SHOE STORE.
English Worsted Suits, all colors
Imported Serge Suits, black and blue - - • ¦
20th Century Umbrellas at - -
$15.00
We have just opened up a large shipment
of Dress Goods
)
$12.50
New,
Serviceable, Fashionable, Etc.
$1.00

IV|. STEWART
OPPOSITE
- - PONTIAC HOUSE -
. SHAWVILLE.
A. H. NjcCUIRE.
The latest Fashion Papers say
“ Despite the fact that an effort was made by ufacturere to replace Brocaded goods with Cyril cloths, Soleils, etc., yet during the coming season Brocades and Figured Blacks will be than ever, and travellers report larger sales of these goods than ever before.”
P. S.—We take Eggs for Boots.
man-
m
Canadians m A Fight with Boers.
T ifteen years ago so Arnprlor cinzen
iSBi
with a seven-pounder mountain gun, to1 dislodge some Bom who were known to. «	.
make a farmhouse at Xuufootfin, three . * *!!? 0N. ™* Inland.—About halfpaet mile. to the smith of V.reeniKing, their nine M(,Ddiy "‘«ht ”1 l«t wtek a big bl.ze rendezvous. S'xty Boers were m the	11 'hland. At tiret it was
house, mud they are said to have suffered 1 10!" u CttniPer * 6re, but it severely, in they exposed themselves to a 1 Vjrnec vUt *° ,v premia»» of Mr. B.
heavy tire. It is estimated that they lost 11*	* fvrroe,y kept the
ms a. m.	twelve men killed.	Briuah Hot®] m town. It seems the
8.00 a. M	.	.	.	0	^	.	| family had been making soap and had
61iPM	, London, Aug. 3.—The Boers who are gone to a party it a neighbor’s in the
13#r M	invading Portuguese territory, says the evening without thoroughly putting out
810 P'if '	Lorenzo Marquee correspondent i f the	the fire. It was not long before the
7.45 r* M;	Dal,y Mail, number 50 0. They	flames were fanned by the breeze and set ENTRIES CLOSE OR SEPT- IITN.
t.ao A. M.	crossed the line near Naneta and are	fire to the outbuildings and then to the ‘
Train* No. i and 2 daily excfptSunday.	now K0*11** northward towards Komati-	house, all of which except the barn
Tnuu No. s and 4 daily exerpt Saturday a Hun«tay. poort. A Swiss farmer reports that his	destroyed. The household effects were
îîîi“ No!	farn? bu,IJ[nB« h»»e I'tien burned and hi. | neail, all eared.-Pembroke Standard.
- “	-SJr.iSt5, «»("-. Y,™ *;> «*. •
Gen'lHup’t. | the Portuguese authorities are preparing crtl jzir Ç u™ Uf;r?' company is corn
tu make vigorous resistance, only 144	n*. ^ieA ^	. ,ware
men under Capt. Almeip are purtuing the ITAt^ to mV8j	lu brings and
*	I Plmt, provided a free site is given, and
Renfrew capitalists subscribe $25.000 of the preferred stock of the company, necessary for the carrying on of the business. Three representatives met an
Toronto, August 1 —A Gl. be epee al ! aml!K*m*tf,d meeting of the town council The spcctocnliir in the evrnl-iR will 1* from Victoria, B. C. savs a terrible tra- | aDd l>°mrd of trade, and after discussion representation of the “ Siege of Tien " 8.M I gedy was enacted at Mud Bay, near New I a c<	11 am, tov canvae f(!r Thin " and the destruction of the Boxer
; Sump mm-'~
7?s heat1f kil’ed him Distantly. A farmer's The Kemptville Advance tills a pathetic Immense Fireworks Display In connection boy saw the deed and gave the alarm to "tory °f the death of a family of four-neighbors. who battened up. Springer father, mother and two children—in the said, “ I’ve fixed h mal right this time. "Pac« of four months. Last winter Mrs. SPECIAL HATES He had fired the house and escaped. Edward Ring of that village was taker, ill While it was being searched frr Tvmp* and sent to an Ottawa hospital. Whilst ron’s body, which, however, had been | there little Percy was taken ill of iodigee-taken to the woods, was discovered later l*on and on April 5th died in that city, al terribly mangled,	the age of four months. Just before the
ipspii BliS!
mmÊWmP--
night. The men bad a fight and al Pembroke, August 1-A Hi imash np though Thompson was badly used up he °,ccurfet* on the v,P,R, lsvt night at one «vas far frr in being a corpse,	o clock. The engineer and conductor
were inju-ed. Two mi'ei west of Pembroke a freight train going wast ran of the track. The engine with tender and one box car loaded with freight were landed in the ditch. The tender and box car were completely destroyed and a box car haded with coal broke through a culvert. The rails were badly twisted, and other damage done to the road.—
Wrecks train from Chalk Krer and Cxrleton Place were soon on the scene, and had the track cleaned and repaired by noon. The west Soo express was held at Chalk River, and the east Soo was held at Pembroke, The rails spreading
QMuttd the evident.
i
(
THE ANNUAL FETE.
worn more
The Central Canada Exhibition Associa
lion will hold their
OTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN R'V.
We are shewing beautiful Figured Goods in black
From 25c. to $1.00 per yd.
Homespuns, Tweeds, Serges, &c.
Some splendid Box Cloths,
New Check Tweeds for Skirts.
(Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
-AT-
Summer Time Card
TafcioE Effect, Monday May 13, 1901.
OTTAWA
Train No* 1 leaves Ottawa 5 00 P. M. Train No. 2 arrives H Train No, 3 leaves “
Train No. 4 arrives “
Train No. 5 leaves “
Train No. tt arrives "
Train No. 8 arrives |
Train No. 7 leaves “
— FROM—
SEPT. 13th to 21st, 1901.
were
The Gold Medal Special Prize Lint itt big ger and better than ever thin year.
$250 offered in cash prize* by the Massey-Harris Company.
Special Attractions comprise Balloon as ccusions and Parachute Leap, Trained Elephants, Slack Wire Artists, World Famous Dancers, nil the finest specialties w hlch money can secure.
These Goods are sellers and we would advise an early inspection.
E. HODCINS & SON.
O
Official Time Table :
Killed Hie Companion.
AM.
Arrive 9.15
5.45 Leave
Aylmer
fBreckewridge
t'Esrdley
Parker’s Crossing V Mohrs t^uyon Wyman's ?Tank Bristol McKee's
Bbawville
Clark’s
Campbell's Bay tTank VVlnton Cou longe •Mellons Waltham
800
• •
9.21
6.12
9.06
• •
• •
6.18
6.36
• 6
6.37
• •
6.47
«6
11
8.22
8.56
88
• I
8.14
8.5*
si
• •
8.08
H
7.04
««
8.02
Harvesting*
Requisites
7.96
7.45
6.00
8 03
therewith.
IS
7.10
8.12
• •
IS
7.06
8.30
• I
6 54
on a#l railway and steamboat line* both for visitors and
8.47

««
6.39
8.56 Arrive
Leave 6.30 •Flag Statjon. tTank. VFlag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
On hand at Lowest Prices for CASH
exhibitors,
For Prize Lists, Entry Forms, and all in formation, address the secretary.
WM. HUTCHISON, ex M. P
President.
k. McMahon,
Sec y., 2t> Sparks St
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
Forks, Rakes,
Grain Cradles,
Grain Scythes, Binding Mitts,
Straw Hats,
And everything you require.
i

•«
!
Mi,m
^ii
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT, Trains daily between
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
OOO
Ccme and see us as we are sure to please you.
—~ 000
Kicked to Death.
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
To buy well, watch the UtMt prices ami in. formation in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant rho Dry Goods Review The Bookseller end Stationer.
Samples free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto,
Oa and after June h», 1991, and until further advised train service will l>e a3 follows !
ARMSTRONG BROS, LADYSMITH.
Cilery, Ont., July 31 —Th^tnaa Bugg a farmer nuar Chts’ey, wrb kicked by a liorao in his barn yesterday afternoon, and died half an hour af’erwards from the results. A similar caee occurred in this village last night. George Patterson, a farmer from Sullivan township, while having his horses shod, was kicked in the bowels by a burse belonging to another man ana so badly injured that he died this morning,
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
8.30 A, M. -LiK’ftl—Stops at all intermediate at*-Arrives Montreal 11.39 a. in. Rockland Brunch, Valley field, connects at Coteau Junction, for Cornwall and points west;
l'8.00 A.M. Sundays only—Stops at intermediate stations. Arrives Montreal 11.00 a.iu: Pullman Pari r Car attached,
aflkOO i\ M., Limited—Stops So. Indian, Glen Rob-Alexandria and Coteau June. only.
Arrive® Montreal 6.40 p.m. Pullman Parlor Car attached. Connects with trains for Portland and all pointa east of Montreal. For Valleyfleld all points south of the St. Lawrence River, Ht. Allans. Burlington, etc. Arriving Boston 7.00 a. JU Few York 7,2Ç a.Q, Has through Buffet Sleeping Cal’. Ottawa to New TdîV,
ab.55 P. M. LôCil—Stop! it !:?tthnediate stations. Arrives Montreal 10.00 p;m. Connects ut Coteau Junction for Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, Chicago
etc-
tiou».
P. S.—Binder Twine —Plymouth Special.
OHAWVILLE’S
V NEW
and
Here is a fish story, lays last week's Am prior Watchman, which is not at all 44 fishy ” as the gentlemen who are con-% ested therewith have something to show to substantiate their claims. Oa Monday the Rev. Henri Gelen and Messrr. Ferdinand Shields and Richard Lyman were ?tolling near the foot of Aie Flat Rapide on the Madawaska, when suddenly there was a tremendous jerk at the spoon end if the line. Mr. Lyman had control of the cord and it was soon evident to him that he had hoekod sonething above the ordinary. After playing witqHHH| for fully fifteen minutes, the monster was towed to the shore and safely landed. It proved to be a maekinonge weighing 2ty pounds, measuring four feeb The fish in its eagerness to devour its supposed prey swallowed the hooks and spoon of the troll, while after being extricated were soon beat up and broken as to be usekgs for further use. Rev. Mr. (Helen b rougît the head of the fish to town Tuesday and exhibited the trophy to numerous friends It tipped the beam at 3J. peunds.
Two Committed Suicide.
SASH and DOOR
Guelph, Ont., July 31. —Mrs. James Pirie, a rendent of the village uf Winter* bourne committed suicide by cutting her throat with a raz>r. The cause of the act was despondency over ill health. Mrs. Pirie was 54 years old.
logersoll, Out , July 31.—Mrs. Johnson, a widow, who recent came here from Chicago, to be cared for by relatives, owing to the failure of her mental faculties, was found drowned in a mill pond, she had evidently committed suicide.
FACTORY.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Cenaral Depot ;
&12.2C P M. Loral -from Boston, New York. New England and Montreal at 9.15 a. ra. lias Pullman Parlor and Sleeping Care attached.
<9.05 P. M. Loral—From Montreal, and intermediate points, Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, and points west. Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving Montreal at 5.45, p. m.
a 6.5$ P; M. LhnPed—From Montreal leaving at 4.10 p.m. Has Pullman Parlor Car.
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot ;
8 15 A. M. Fur Arnprl'T, Renfiew. Eganville. Pembroke, Barry’s Bay, Whitney. Canoe Lake, Parry Souud and intermediate point#.
4.40 P. M. For Arnpdor, Renfrew, Egarville,Pembroke, Mafiawaska and intermediate stations.
1.00 P. M. Mixed Train far Arnnrior, Renfrew, Egal.ville, >1a«luwaska and intermediate stations.
HAVE YOUR WATCHES AND CLOCKS REPAIRED AND GUARANTEED FOR ONE YEAR BY
0
In connection with my former bu«i-nesH I have just placed In position a Fct of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
the priie
1
Sash,
4
Baltimore, Md., had a bulldog untt recently, that made a practice of milking cowe in the field». Juit how the dog formed the habit is not known, but it ie thought that he acquired it by following the example of calves. He had often been seen with the many cowe in pasture about Mount Washington across a cow a back while the was lying down. H a appetite for milk grew so strong that he	,	,	.
was not satisfied with part of the supply, Tb* latest ou* in the way of a swindle lut wanted it all and attacked a da ry-. « that of imposing on the sympathies of maid who went ino her barnyard to milk.4Pdecea9ed friend,. There is a gang who He was despatched	by	a	policeman	with	*a‘rh whoa	a person	die,,	ard in
a revolver.	a short time serd a	bjok	to the
express office, purporting that the deceased had subscribed for it just before his or her death, and asking the nearest wglaiive fô set'le ft r it. In the majority of Re# they pay for the book without a m I	-	word, ana Tie	worst of it	in. it proves to
ment for t ie army	sni	navy are consider-	be a ten cent	novel, when two	or three
td the cause of the decrease.	I d„;lm W1S pe,d lur lt _El.
Doors,
Mouldings,
WHYTE, THE WATCHMAKER,
Turnings, &o
d’POSFE PONTIAC HOUSE,
For which 1 am now prepared to receive order» and guarantee first-claw* work.
Train# arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :
11.10 A. If. From Madawaska, Pembroke, Egan-ville. Renfrew. Arnprior and intermediate points.
5.55 P. M From Parry Bound. Fganvllle, Renfrew. Arnprior aud intermediate points.
MAIN STREET - - SHAWVILLE.
1
Thanking n% many cuatomer* for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future Increase in business.
8.50 P M. Mixed Trains from Madawaska, Fgan-ville, Renfrew, Arnprior and intermediate stations.



OTTAWA TICKS! OFFICES
Tramp) in England are fait growing fewer. In one county there were about half a# many tramps last year m there were four yea re ago, and in another county not oue-fhird ae many.
i
!

Central Depot, Roll Ms Block.

JOIN G. ELLIOT

i
Tickets to Europe and all ports of the world by all American and Canadian steamship lines, aise Cvok's
a. Tiain* run daily ex"*pt Sunday.
I». Sunday only, c, Daily.
Enlllt-
1
«
'
«
PROPRIETOR.
i




















