###PAGE###1###

V- '

Oü
1 1 ,
-





¦>
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
No. 11.—17tii Year.
THURSDAY, SEPT
14,	1hî»!>.
81.00 a Yeau in Advance.
>

Have you tried Dowd's “ High Loaf
Flour ?
tmidi furtl
While 11
'gl'lltltJIlH n
instituting thy search, iithtTH scour* v<i flu* nuijglilHuhontl in different divvu-
n",! • but 'h, U laljors f,,i t|
with
ut
wui
(Mice Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,500,000.00
$1,170,000.00
> tiny closed stolen
OF CANADA.
;
*
ny tidin

Lost ", t ween fiuwell Hou K1<k RV. Main Street, on August Hist, a lni> s gold chain bracelet, Pinder will h oblige liy leaving stuno at the Itus II House.
f fl
1 Ih
I"
Rest
l«vrt>

I
Mr. .1 ,1m V
CAPITAL - - - $0,000,000 RESERVE FUND, - 2,000,000
Hoard of Directors : Charles Maobe, Esq., President Oeohob Hay, esq.,Vice President
Ho.n. Oeo. Hkyhow, Jr
Al.KX, FltAHEH, Esy ,
LADIES’ AND
CHILDREN’S
I
Mi i s ufticu ii«» truce I, property.
mu
i I
la\
gl.t
IvHIll
I
i ml of ili

lei
»
r
Picnlce under auspices of the congregation at St. John’s Church, Clarke’s on "pproved #ecl,rl,y ,Station, Thursday, Sept.
14. Dinner from 12 till 2.
John M uiikk, Esq David MacLarun, Hsq
Head Office, • .Montreal.
r
*
CORRESPONDENCE.
*
Ur.NNiH Mi hi hv, Knq.

,
GEORGEDURN D. M. FINX1E
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
General M/tneger, .. . Mu nager
SIMWV1LLE ItIMMlI,
BRISTOL
Farmers notes bought and collected
Money transferred to all parts of the world. I A11 welcome tO COme and
HAVIN'* iS HANK
Tliruftîiiüg ia tho order of the day here All the mille aie out and every* y w,mta their threshing done r»ght otl, so tho mill men will have a hustling time of it.
Mr. James Young, formerly of this place, now of Ottawa, was married in that city on Wednesday, the Gth inst.
Dear Friend, We have for some time I . Vuite a number from here took in the past been hearing unpleasant rumors re- | farmers excursion to the Experimental sporting the probability of vour ceasing to Farm on the nth
ti&ssus dsastor L*t asi* *->•
tinned. We therefore ask you to accept V hüJl(Jitys here returned to the city this purse as a token of our appreciation 1 ue3(i»y.	¦
(,f your services as organist of Lower Mr. and Mrs. David Reid and family
pH.y'Si	vfc	^ !;r - *“•* «-* - «<•
Mr. T. B. Draper has in hand the er- may enioy much success and happiness v,8'n,1K 1 neir relatives in this place, action of a thoroughly up-to-date c>w there. We trust, too. that if we may not I Miss Hannah Russell, of Arnprior, is barn for Mr. Duncan Campbell, of Maple !<"l»f,'r ll,lv« your good presence and help «pending lier h< hdays at her mother’.
.."
Mr. Archie Angus, postmaster at Char- with every convenience for feeding and lions ne’er break up and Sabbaths have no 1 eer‘e8d Bodge I. O. U. T., is still inx teris, had a severe attack of inflammation | caring for cattle, besides being absolutely end.”	creasing. Four new members last night,
last week.	I frostproof.	Signed,	|	Scribe.
Thoh. W. Pkyce, on behalf of Choir Ira E. McLkan,
Petek E. Smiley
Drafts Issued on all Hanking points In the Dominion, United Staten and Great Britain,
Notes and Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current rates.
Hums of #1 and upwards received 11 Havings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Hours—10 a. m. to 3 p. in. batuiday lOa.in.
to p. IU.
Jackets & Cloaks
enjoy the day.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dol lars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Offic e Hours
SATURDAYS .
10 A.M. To 3 P.M.
10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER,
Manager
Prasentation
To Mrs. Nelson Dcrkeli
(Direct Importations from Berlin.)

»
LOCAL NEWS.
Lost On Thursday, Aug. 21st, somewhere betwiea Norway Bay and Bristol Corners, a ladies’ waterproof cape. Kinder will please give information, and oblige,

I

Are you using Dowd's Flour Î
PICNIC
ST. JOHN'» CHURCH,
CLARKES.
Miss Maud Findlay has opened dressmaking rooms over the barber shop.
Word reached Shawville on Monday of the death of Mrs. Milliken, of Leslie.
{
. <
Bins. M. Thompson, Biistol Corners, Que
Thursday, Sept. It
i
are
We have now ready for inspection the largest range of Ladies’ Jackets and Misses’ Cloaks we have ever shown, made up specially for this season’s trade. There is not one old garment in the lot.

*
t
There was a large attendance at the Owners of Waterloo Threshers dedication of the new Presbyterian Can get all kinds of repairs and teeth church, Starke’s Corners, on Sunday last. j of the genuine make, warranted to tit,
from me at reasonable prices. 1 can also ...	.	,.	. _ . A.	,, supply a different grade of teeth (same as
i«^UurMvn tU n* .8ta 111 1 iU Person of others are offering)at To cents per dozen. Mr. Williams, of Arnptior.	Give me a call and be satisfied.
S. School Man. Cum.
BRYSON.
#
I>vyson, Sept. 11.—An adjourned session <»f the Superior Court was held here
»
Mr. J. H. Shaw has made another
Pontiac Co. Teachers’ Ass’n
----	I on Thursday and Friday before Judge
The annual business meeting of the Lavergne, the time being all taken up Pontiac County Teachers* Association was in the hearing of the suit of Mr. George Owing to their having in hand the held at the Academy on Saturday the 9th Bryson, jr., to recover his deceased s equipment of several other roller mill*», ilist. Fifteen teachers were present. The Pother’s and sister’s share of the estate in different parte of the country, Messrs, election of officers for the ensuing year re* of the late ,,u,ni Bryson, M. P. Many Goldie & McCullough were unable for suited ns follows :	of the most prominent residents of Fort
the present to send a full staff of men to President, Mr. Fred. Vaughan, H. \.; Coulonge were in attendance. Mr. Henry set up the machinery in the new mill 1st Vice. Pres., W. D. Armitage ;	Aylen is attorney for the plaintiff and
here. Consequently, and in order to 2nd “ Miss K. Dunlop ;	Mr. C. J. Brooke for the defendant,
avoid delay, several of our local trades- :tr<* ^	Miss K. Smith ;	The mining operations at the Ostrom
men have been engaged to assist in the Sec.-1 was.. Miss M. Davies.	nickel mine on Calumet Island, which
work, which is progressing favorably. Programme! ommittee :	have been prosecuted for several months
Prin. Vaughan, Convenor ;	by the English-Canadian Mining Com-
>Ir. lltomui Armstrong,	pany under the local superintendence of
Miss G." Stev“nsr0'lg’	I Ml' J- E- s- Trelawney. have been aban-1 I ntending Buyers
Miss Mel arlum/	doned for the present at least, and the
Miss Jennie Arm-trôner.	| ineri paid off. This means that a deal
between the Company and Mr. Ostrom is dropped finally, unless some new arrangement is entered into.
At the Grand Calumet Mining Company’s works considerable quantities* »f tine ore are being taken out by a gang of men under the superintendence of Mr. W. H.
Walsh—some days as much as 25 tons.
Ten heavy wagon loads of empty sacks were received within the past few days, in which this ore will soon all be shipped to Europe.
On Friday Mr. Thomas Walsh received a severe crushing at the Calumet Company’s mine, but fortunately no very serious injuries resulted. A heavy rock being hoisted up by the derrick, swung and caught him between it and the rocky wall of the shaft.
Mr. Win. ( i. Le Roy returned home I from a short holiday at Fast man's Springs I <»n Wednesday.
Mr. Henry Hurdman, of Ear d ley, who xvas taken very seriously ill while on a visit to his daughter, Mrs. R. McC.
Ritchie, is making satisfactory progress It towards recovery, and is expected to soon be able to get around again.
Mayor F. C. DvZoucho has returned from a visit to Eastman’s Springs and a trip up the Rideau Canal from < >ttawa to Kingston and down the St. Lawrence to Montreal.
The Latest in Style,
Perfect Fitting,
Correct Materials,
and all marked at prices that must make them ready sellers. ......
John Carson
The Rmian Catholic e’ergy of this diocese held their annual retreat at Pern broke last week.
Wanted Immediately.—A Blacksmith with good experience for a general
>. Apply to Richard H.
jobbing shoj
Thompson, Bristol Corners
Miss Lummis, daughter of Rev. C. Lumniis, of Greermount, is attending the Academy here. She is lodging at Mrs. Dilworth's.
New Photographs.—During the
harvest most people are too busy to think of getting photos taken, hut wo artmaking special arrangements to give the
people of Shawville and vicinity a chance «...	.	...	,	.
tv get the K,t	at the lovve.t price ,	' ' 'T""T " h
after the busy time is over. We want, to 0,theA" -"at.on witl.u printed copy of th.
get as many as possible and are willing to c'm*titutiu!i iind by-law s was considered
cut the prices almost in a half if wc can and referred to the following committee,
get a crowd. It will pay you to watch w ine h is to report at the next meeting
this paper f >r date and prices.
Uandfokd, Pontiac House
UNDERTAKING.—The undertaking equipment of Cuthberteon & Graham is second to none in the disliict, and all orders receive prompt attention a: moderate charges.
Mr. S. Armstrong has begun the brickwork of Messrs. Smart & Smiths proposed machinery depot, which will occupy the site directly opposite the Russell Puuse, Main Street.
EcF" The Shawville Marble and Granite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor turns out a superior class of work in Mon uments, Headstones, etc. Prices reasonable
are invited to look them over.
J. H- SHAW.
Prin. Avantage, Convenor ; Prill. Vaughan,
Veu. \r h. Naylor,
Pria. E. W. Hodgins,
Mis.-* M. E. McGregor,
Miss Jennie Currie,
Miss M. Mat lies >n.
A very pretty wedding took place at Eltnside on Monday the 4th, when Miss Lena, daughter of the lute John Fmlan, and Mr. M. J. Breen, son of John Breen, ex-warden of tho county of Renfrew, were made one. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. Father Bruuett, P. < ev,< vi uPon
..	., , vv ,	. i ,	P., of P. D. F. The bride waa supported Thc next meeting of the Association will
the widow . J. . Ini pily) passed away, b R 8j8ter 0f the groom, while Mr W P 1>v bold at the Academy on Saturday, Oca victim to consumption, He was about j FinIftn supported the groom. After a ¦ tober 7th.
i \ears ,, ago.	| sumptuous spread prepared by the bride’s
We understand that the construction | mother, the happy couple left for Toronto of the proposed road from Bryson towards j and other cities where they will spend Campbell’s Bay, to which reference was 1 their honeymoon. The presents were made a few weeks ago is to be comment- j handsome and costly, ed this week
<*
/
TIu* Academy entrance examinations
were fully discussed but no definite plan
I
At North Clarendon on Saturday morning last, Herbie Murphy, (second son of

*
I
same «away Wednesday.
Messrs. Gillies' Bros, also had a drove of cattle at the Otter Lake House yards last Thursday, for the Crow River.
Miss Martha and Mr. Sam Caldwell,
Mrs. and Miss Hynes, all of Clarendon,
are ,it present the guests of Misses Edith Miss May Shaw, eldest daughter of and Laurens Farrell.	Mr. James L. Shaw, left on Monday
Miss Lurnmis, of Grecrmount, is visit- morning to undertake a course of study ing friends up here.	at Dunham (Que.) College
Now, that there is a first-class watch-	,
maker at the Otter Lake House, there	‘ • Bona. Ison, . am Ralph
will be no excuse for getting up late in and ,	. ", Lalph, left on Monday for a
the mornin’	couple of days uuck shooting in the neigh-
Messrs. Wm. B. Lafleur and W. M I *»hood of Otter Lake.
Sutherland were at Shawville Friday.
Sans Ceremonie.
PERSONAL
î
*
Mies Lillie Dilworth has returned home from Montreal to resume her studies in the Academy.
>
!
Cool Theft of a Horso and Rig
Mr. Andrew MeCredie, of Bristol, was ,	.	robbed of a valuable horse ami Mr. John
,	,	, k,T“ere1 l,a,saed ?^ay, rather suddenly at Murray, of Clarendon Front, vas reliuv-
Mr. James Armstrong, of Green Like, J nis brother a residence. Portage du Fort, t*d of a buggy, on Thursday night last
returned home last week, having finished °n Monda) morning, Mr. Howard Reid, under the following circumstances his work at Dumoine slide. He learned youngest son of George E. Reid, Eu, , seems Mr. MeCredie was engaged during of the misfortune which visited his home &na junior partner of the firm of Reid the day thrush in ' at Mr. Murray’s and on the «>rd, on his arrival at Portage du Bros., Arnpriur. Death was due to in the evening took the latter s buggy Fort.	| pneumonia and heart failure, the latter and one of his own horses to go to his
i^EEfpvrE11 EEÉüàEp: ErEEEEH:
day, Sept 2ht for the purpose of re- | at hand, aa ho he was ceiving entries for the approaching Exhibition.
!
Mr. Frank Needham, of Mr. J. H. Shaw's store, is enjoying his holidays at his home, Pakenham, this week. Mr. Robt. Woodley, of G. F. Hod gins’, is also off for the same purpose, and is vla-
Minutes of a regular session of the ll'n8 dockland and vicinity.
Mrs. William Gardner, of Holten, W is., I Municipal Council of the Municipality of ----~	-------- '	-r
morning came, however, and the	men	paid a visit of four weeks to her mother,	the village of Shawville, held on Wed
Master Ben Armitage went to the Pro-! went out to feed their horses they	dis-	Mrs. Win. Parker, of Range A., Leslie,	nesday, the tiih day of September, 1890
.	.	-	, testant Hospital last week to undergo	CoVerud Biat the buggy was missing,	and	leaving fur her home in the Status last	Present—Councillors, George Hynes, A.	Anglican	Services.—St.	Paul’s Church,
for the proposed new iron bridge which	^ eatment for a painful malady from i w»th it Mr. McCredie’s horse that he	had	week. It is now twenty years since Mrs.	Smiley, Donald McRae, J. A. Cowan and	-shawville :	Sunday morning, 10.:iO;	even*° replace the old wooden structure j	wfiich he has been laid up for the nasi driven tbe night before. Closer investi-	Gardner was in this section and she was	J. Id . Shaw.	mnrnin^nVn vor.s’-inmg	7*,i0t	Haily
toit collapsed last fall,	| two months. Arriving there the attend- #a*i"n showed that Mr. McCredie’s mare well pleased with the many improvements Moved by coun. Cowan, seconded by	' *	..........
A grand picnic under the auspices of	*n8 physicians found upon examination ! ”"A Ie8S valuable animal—had been	re-	made in the country since her last visit,	coun. Smiley, that coun	Hynes	preside
?Ka	nf tW qpntinn «ill	f	I	that the source of the trouble was a deen- i moved from the stall she occupied	the	The Misses Crawford, of Ottawa, and	at meeting in the absence	of the	Mayor.
Mr. Richard Hazard’s, Thorne, on Satur- '	fistula, in the lower part of the I ni8ht previously to another, which dis- |Miss Maggie Crawford, of Thom by, were | Carried.
day next, Sept. 1*5. A varied program of amusements will be provided. All are invited.
For Salo. —One new Single Buggy—
(manufactured by J. B. Armstrong Co.)
>
near put his horse in the stable, in the stall as ,	.	8'hng	about as	I signed to it. Satisfied that everything
usual as late as llminday last.	His re-	was all right, he then retired with the
.	_	.	_ ... t	mains were interred at Portage	du Fort	members of the Mun ay household. When
Three engineers of the Public Works | cemetery on Tuesday afternoon
Department have been at Portage recently,, securing data for the specifications
SHAWVILLE COUNCIL
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
Church Services

Sh a w VILLE M ETHODI8T CliVRt II. — Mom ing service, 10,fill ; evening service 7.00.
Epworth League Monday, 8.00, p.m. Ladies Prayer Meeting-Tuesday, 7.3U. Regular Prayer Meeting—Friday, 7.00.
Presbyterian—(Masonic Hall, Rev. Mr.
Rack) Sunday. 10.00. a.in.
seated fistula, in the lower part of the j	previously to another, w
ssitated CoVtiry L*d to the conclusion, that the I the guests of Miss B. B. Parker, Leslie, Thi latter thieves had first examined that animal, Sunday last, at on:e. aad I finding that she was blemished re- |
body, the removal of which m c.‘ssitated	I covery led to the conclusion, that the	I the guests of Miss B. B. Parker,	Leslie,	I Moved by coun. McRae, seconded by
a rather serious operation. Thi	la ter,	* thieves had first examined that animal,	Sunday last.	coun. Smiley, that minutes of last meet-
however, was undertaken at on	e, aid	I Hnd finding that she was blemished re-	Some of our neighbors took	in	the	ex-	mg be adopted.—Carried,
performed successfully, although a large turned her to the stable and then made cursion to the Experimental Farm. Moved by coun. Cowan, seconded by portion of flesh had to be cut a* ay. Un- w*th the horse. The thieves seem to Among others were Messrs. G. and T. coun. Shaw, that the following bdls be
der favorable conditions it will be	six or	have thoroughly understood how to go	Wilson and Ah. Sheppard.	passed, viz :—John Burroughs, for work	AGENTS	WANTED-FOR	"THE	LIFE
—a first-class stylish well-finished rig for I seven weeks before Ben . will have	recov-	al>nut accomplishing their purpose with-	Some maliciously disposed	]>nrty	set	on roadmaker $33.83; Ralph Hudgins,	^	worju^Kreatest	Na va Aiero' ^	^	'V
a moderate price. Also a second-hand ered sufficiently to leave the hospital. out arousing the inmates of the house, fire to the premises of Mr. Joseph Gil- t'< r tile $9.00; and G. F. Hodgme, f< r Halstead, the life-long friend and ad nil re r single buggy—good substantial rig, dirt |	*	| for they took the precaution to shut thi	pin, last Tuesday, when all tlto members	sundries $28.00; and that the bill	of Lie nation’* Idol.. Biggest and best	book ;
dog up in the stable,	a#d then they car-I of the family were absent. Mr. Gilpin	James Creek $6.66, and valuators’ bill,	bafffo ne P*tf fu s irn u one. eon°ya?i>"'i)!°0	Enor"
ried the buggy out to	the main road, a	arrived home however, in time to quench	amounting to $51.00, be left over	for	mous demand. Big Commissions.*	outfit
distance of about two	acres. Strange to	the flames before much damage was	further consideration.—Carried,	The' Dormnion^omna^M^i
Mr. Arch. McFarlane, of Bristol, has holly a hall at Campbells’ Bay was the say all the harness that was taken seems done.	! At this juncture coun. Donaldson ar- Bldg.,Chicago.	‘	"	* on
purchased the boats and equipment of	j «cone of a p,easing eient on	the evening j to have been an old collar; but the rob-	Miss Liurena Farrell went to Portage	I rived and	took his seat
Mr. John McAra, and will commence	Labor Day, when a large party of bers were not without equipment in this	ulu Fort and	Shawville on	Monday,	re-	Moved	by coun.	Smiley, seconded by
the regular ferry service between Norway	children assembled, mostly scholars of the	1 respect, as the evidences	were plain	that	j turning home Wednesday.	coun. McRae, that special officer James
Bay and Sand Point this	week. Mr.	*'Cid school, and bade farewell to one if	the buggy was driven off	when the	road	i Mr. P. M. Far ft 11 went to Shawville | McArthur, be instructed to visit the side
McFarlane is determined to make the their number, Master Hector Mur agh, was reached, to which point thu parties Tuesday, returning Wednesday.	j road between lots 7 and 8 where the same
service satisfactory in every respect,	son of Mr. r rancis Murtagli,	lumbermar, who appropriated it were eisily tracked,	Miss Annie	Whelan is at	present	the	| intersects	the 7th	concession line	and
Posters, containing time table and other	anc* who left on Wednesday	morning to , a large footprint and a small one being	guest of Mrs.	Wm. Moore.	give the	necessary	instructions to	the
information have been issued.	attend the l niversity ot Ottawa for a ! traced in the yielding earth. The stolen j Mr. Nagle, representing Messrs. Jas. ' parties who have volunteered to perform
.	.	-	.. . .	complete course. A simple address,	i horse was a large animal,	and as ho	had	Linton & Co., of Montreal, was inter- ! certain work thereon, towards opening it
The section men of several	divisions of	brimming with good wishes, was read by	quite recently been shod on the front	I viewing his customers here Monday.	out.—Carried,
the P. P. J R., were concentrated at . Miss Maggie Shannon, and evoked an I feet, while the hind hooves were bare, Messrs. Pigeon & Lasalle had 22 men Moved by coun. Shaw, seconded by Shawville l ist week for the purpose of impromptu, but eloquent response from the task of tracking him along the road at the Otter Lake House last Tuesday, coun. Smiley, that we do now adjourn.— putting m a new siding, with the object the young recipient, who was heartily was an easy matter. The direction on their way to Mr. Fraser’s limit.	I Carried,
of giving better facilities for handling the cheered by his comrades. • The young taken was towards Bristol Corners, thence Mr. F. Murtagh, of the Bay, was also increasing grain and stock output at this folk afterwards enjoyed a pleasant dance, | liack as far as No. 1 School, and along the at the Otter Lake House with another
point. It may be said also t hat the com- during which Mrs. Kelly liberally die j line on the left to the town line, which gang of men for his limit on Coulonge, I An attempt was made to burn the pany have made new and larger stock i penned choice refreshments. Master I was also followed; but when Mr. McCre- most of whom were hired by Mr. Wm. D. bridge between Hull and Gatineau Point yards here, and thus have rendered the Murtagh <»rnes the good wishes of all die and Mr. Murray reached this point Lafleur.	| on Thursday night last, but fortunately
work cf loading care much more conven- Campbells Bay with him for his college ! the track became so tramped up with Mr. Reid, of Aylwin, purchased 116 | the blaze was detected in time to save the ient than formerly.	| career.	| ^hers that it was impossible to follow it cattle in this neighborhood and took the | structure from being destroyed.
-,
cheap

v,
Honor to a School Mate
John Lester, Shawville

r
c
Shawville Produce Quotations
O
Oats........
Peas........
Buckwheat..
Rye..........
Eggs, (fresh,)
Wool........
Butter......
Pork per 100, dressed
Beef..............
Hay per ton........
Calfskins.........
Hides,
Pelts
22 tc 23 58 to 55
# * * #
to

— to
.... — to 14 .... 14 to 16 ...	14 to 16

• • # • •
— to
.. 5.00 to 5.50 .. 5.50 to 7.00
.......45 to £0
-- 6.00 to 5 E0 36 to 60

esse

• #

e #
ses

Subscribe to THE EQUITY.








_






.u f




-
###PAGE###2###
*

THE NEW ELIXIR OP LÏÏE
i !r	,r=
nFESsKîïBTH i p«ïs,ci4"s «X"®»"”" wm»
tsUtho'coldest, for cold itir fulls.
'
Ills hands, so turning her fees toward# him.
Sweet is True Love.
a
C
«ho
“Not HH happy an I might bis answered, gInnmug back Into the face above her own—as brave, kindly, *Dd , true a face iih a woman need cure to release her from the influence * V° see—"not as happy as moat of the girls
HKoinst the woodwork of the w'n,t0 ; my lot/ Hut there,—it w my portion m
she almost swore to herself '	1 this life to have trouble, I «uppoee.jo	(Q ulake nlvl yet so rarely found,
-s. .o,	... o........	«?“’ ’ - 1	*	- »...— »•» *j~
mund note. 1 must stay away from . i	n	ith bitter earnestneas, -	“Katherine,”	said	Blackwood,	wist-	at*	what	an important	place	it	poms
only ball l ever cared to go to. ' ‘	- Wils suddenly broken m fuHy, "my darling, 1 cannot bear to ïu hygienic cookery, and while pndmg
.... laiiued Misa Blount, indignantly. ulH)n hv the entrance of a young n"" hear your talk like this. 1 wish to themselves on rich and indigestible
ly mul inoua speech with hui lied bit t e - .muinviit lie gazed wonderingl> haps afterward — in time—if you will | or watery comi*>und, which they ‘ >g aes8, and turumg aside to the window' ^m	half-averted, sorrowful wait a llttle-"
is an o«ainous rising in her throat gave ^ ^	wh»reoti the recent tears had led	•Hush!" Misa	Blount	interrupted
üÿpz&T&’tS ”F xtashsr&ssstra,«»» - *•»
"EhÎ Well! What arc you complain- ,^lt	to ,hl, selection of his	while a	„(	intense	pain	economical.	Take,	for example,	vege-
mg of now, Kate#'* demanded the pet- |af u.	shot across her face. "Hush, Black- table« soup, an appetizing dish when
sàeStHa	rJîtHîS =1.^ rj^TS
his face which most people acquite	d , dtishly. glancing swiftly round girl eouj1| h ive, hut nothing more, breakfast, and naturally broileu
when their thoughts are in the clouds, from window as she spoke. Wh't * never anything more."	entire steak. That tough, st ringy l»art
and which is. of all expressions, the	n()W how am l to understand The expression of Blackwood's eyes	us Lhv •• lai| « of the steak, no
waTch fof sympathy. "Oh, that ever- !	mean ' my temper f '	m„ pretend to make any mis- one cnre.l for, and it was finally giv-
lasting ball of the Tauntons, ed# \N ell, | That is .• y t*u un mu«nts and pur- Hike,*' he said, almost sternly, un- en to the cat. Now, instead ui Dio 1 told you before it could not be. you pg ; allow you. Bid you mcau junsvning her fingers from her arm, in the entire steak, cut off the know, and that- should bo sufficient.	and holding them firmly	between his
Stop that devil’s tat too on the window- ,	..^Q my dear \ r] ;(| not,” the young	oxx n “You know as well	as I do that
pane, will you, unless you want to give	maQ ans^PI.P(i Va!mlv	; 1 am only	for everything the world	contains
headache with your restlessness.	;lnxi()US t(X ,earil xx hat	it is that has	xxould not be your brother. You know
Hut why cannot 1 go?’ t b * gnl	• j vou durl|1g mV	absence, u ill	ajHO that 1 will be to you	all or noth-
persistently, facing
don 1 very * “What the use?” Mies B mint	must be nothing, then	»
often ask you for money, as you must ;nQUired «nu xxith the sense of injury answered, very sadly, though firmly, ravv ou •	,
allow, and--"	fuii upon her. "You cannot help me,	but nol darmg this time	to raise her	half a white turnip, and	ial	»
"It is utterly out of the	question,	^ mnst |)robablv if 1 told you my	eVP8 to his; after which	she walked	cut in dice, one onion,	one	?P11*
interrupted her father. languidly. ieViinPC> woukl only consider me axvav «lowly to the door without un- thyme, one p-pper to taste,	s o
put it out of your head once for | *	u, mon con8ider a girl frivol	0 her word. Arrived there, however,	ly until the vegetables	aie	doneitm
l could not let you have a fart h- | ;	• :f	;he happens to wish for a lit-	sh«* lingered - woman like - with the	oughly, adding water	iueauwhi e, s
ing just now-even supposing it were	{ lho common necessaries handle in her hand, to see if he would that there shall always be lüe n g »
a matter of life or death-being as J,f lifenot make some answer to her last quantity of soup, and when nearly done bard up as I well can be; my usual “There is an exception t«> every cruel speech; but she waited in vain. add a little chopped parslejr. condition, by the bye. Look here,, ru|p so put me out of tbit list,” ber Blackwood made no reply; and, Other vegetabies may cas ly	(u
Katherine! if Barrington calls "bile 1 ! companion answered, getting up from gl ,n ing involuntarily toward the win- stituted foi these. If y	11
am away send him up to the squaie jjU seat an b ihossessmg himself of one jow, tl> where the autumn sun was have a cupful of caune< « <>	»
fCLApz î $r^-*sa^ss?	w*‘ ““ - w““ '* rrr . txrs;
magnificent p inters	as	ihe>	lay	j.. j (j0 no( belong to it. as I could ha id- Blackwood Craven was Miss Blount s	should be served hot, a. a	1
dozing beside his chair.	' |y think you. frtvolou , even if 1 tried,	first cousin, as far as	relationship	soup is a spoiled soup.	a
The coolness of the refusal, knowing or—or	unvthing else, unpleasant. I	went, but in reality he» had ever been	1 hie same tail *****	bv add-
:is she did, how idly an 1 selfishly bei f.%ncv ;	so tell me your misfortune, and	f,r more to her than that term gener-	basis for a g,HKi "lua	11 '	1 ^
fat bet’s money was spent, together uip fisgist xou, ,f i can.”	ally sign fies; in her babyhood, he had ntg mu* pint of cold wate ,	PI
xv i* h this whole bearing, roused Miss “Well, it is all shout tlv Tauntons t,e(,n her companion, in her girlhood a *>f thyme, one small on »	'	‘ ‘
HI uni’s quick temper beyond vont i ul. ^	mU! mured, soltened by t^ot her, and ever since she had reach- mid a sprig of parsley, Boil gt >
1 æ&sm rnmm wmm
SSlISHE
feelings that rose so angrily within becoming to the perplexed little beauty
.... at his side; after which he got puz-6he thus stood, battling bravely z|ecjt antj fdl to wondering about many
will) her thoughts, the dazzling Aug-	ndngs as tjuixoiic as they were
ust sun shone brightly down upon her, flu hing her face and hair and fltfu,e
with its gay warmth, so as lueia > o	countenance vv	I I B
frame her in its yellow gold—and a 9ged quite correctly all the ideas ?eî y 1 cauliful little face it xva> o	were tormenting him. and was
frame, ri; hly tinted, chingeahie and immt,ngeIy amused accordingly, passionate, expressing only too i mar- „jt is of no USI>, Blackwood ly at times the secret workings ot her 8aid_..y0U cannot help me heart. Her eyes were singularly love- dpar boy arul i dare say presently lv. of a fine, deep hazel, laige, and ^ «hall be reconciled to my fate ; but sometimes tcu h ng in their pathos, __ind here the sofiness vanished, the albeit, it must be confessed that sne ^ hftnl look 1aking its place T swear was by no means angelic in her ten- ^	.( j can avui(1 it| I will not end
Jen des, her celestial qualities being	^ jn this kind of poverty. I
decidedly few and far between, and ,	marry rivhes or not at all. *
heavily blended with our coarser earth Re topped her hand hurriedly, nl-besides. Her mouth was not small, mQst rudely, and turned away, nor was it perfect and her color was an “Monev does not always mean bap-unmistakable gipsy-brown; but lor au ines8 ^ he eaid.
that she was as sweet and Keable and ^	.g alway8 unhappi-
ness/' she retorted, quickly.
"‘Tita/’ he reasoned, after H ment s pause—she generally went bv
¦1^1/Tita "—short for Tit-h ni a—with her two most intimate friends, on account of her fairy-Uke proportions—"Tita, do not place too much dependence upon riches thev will fail you in the end, my dearest
__believe me, they will—whereas love
that never dies, and a bare sufficiency, will carry you through all difficulties.
for instance f" she asked, half
About the Douse,
THE NEW DISCOVERY.
..... '.n.w	llr r. C. HoMrn, of Brooklyn. Bey* Tkn*
lMl’OHTANT QUEhTlU«.	»nllir" |« rrodurlu* Bnuerkoble
„I shl,ulci never think of telling BeenHe-Bewrdy for Ckronle llle. molin', said one young girl to nn- Two phyekiuna of Greater Now York
confidence of the morning „re exiieiimrnling with lymph from
the die- the glande of goals, which hue Been
P. Roberta, of The lymph wu« the
AN
TO HAVE GOOD SOUP.
There is no article of food more

CHAPTER I
other in tete-a-tete cussion
tempe would nevei
into which came
triumphs and contre-1 prepared by Dr. ti. I
onh^Ult night's party. "ShelGrevn City. Mo
understand iu the least, topic of many discussions in medical vou know why 1 should have said to Lire be* recently, when its discoverers him what 1 did. or have allowed him I asserted that it had the power of cur-
ivhat he did. Mothers ing milüy ui# and of introducing nsav
differently. ü(e iut0 the feeble and suffering, know "	It was announced to the publia as
V \nd yet this i*irtirular mother was (he iBtest step toward the discovery of one of the most faithful of chaperones, ^ „luir oI life, which the celebrated
•• daughter told her everything, and 1‘ ing years of his life.
it were not for the conventionality tom- Whilo nu claim is made by the two
required it. she could be trus	th«	physicians of New York who are using
LhfngtTshe'diil^not it'll her mother, but ,ho fluid that it gives youth to ditl confide to another young woman, I ugmj one 0f them, who ha» employed it included an appointment to	t I in caeiMi of e ghtecn patients, devlar-
the hoU86 (d hei fruiv a you? g father iw that the résulta have been remark-
mother hadEarned her, as not at Lly successful, and that the lymph all the sort of acquaintance wnom | wU1 bo UIUuUg the crowning medical they would like to have hei r< *f oUr triumph* of the country.
srSZTiB&F
lem that we are trying to solve from I ^ the physician who declares that the the outside, w hen the true	° 1 f lymph ha» worked wonders among
u.~.
veil were once lifted from the ex- patients, he «ays, have been cured of perienre of mothers in this particular, e^ruldv Ulimtnu which had del led the should find ourselves become a con- ^foi id „f physicians for years. _
in which we should be ,nosl iegt>ti that it is particularly efficacious enger to discuss the question.	. in locomotor ataxia case*.
How shall we find and win back again jle injected it subcutaneously into the little ones that we have lost, t e ^ Wl(e uuj himself. The result has children out of whose hearts has do-	he «sseits. that his wife has
parted the loving, clinging sense <>i trsble the power of endurance and childhood, the clear-eyed frankness t natU tb||t be hius been materially benefited, speaks out the hopes and desires, m Dr. Huberts* process is the triiusplnn-
full confidence that they will b<'fNN.V tat ion of ‘life cells" from the lyiuph-corned and shared by the heart oi too	glaU(lH 0f gullts into the human
¦ M	His contention is that by
ht
?xi
to say to me look at all these things so
nify by the name of soup.
Now, a good soup is not only nut ri-
but also
9
ihe
and utilize it for a nice soup.
with une quart
tail,
Put it in a saucepan of cold water salted, and add at once
two tablespoons of pearl barley, one oup of slewed tomatoes or three oi four
few potatoes cut very fine,
I
me a
went on once more as she spoke
mg
the girl
so
nil
lie ul-
we
fere nee
t w
mother?	.
Compared to this treasure of absolute. trustful affection, nothing else that the world has given, or ran	goats
counts for a moment with the t ru ,<A skillful gardener," said Dr. li id-mother. Her daughter’s life ,U. vn last night, "can carry life cells from own domain, and how to find het u *> onp piaot to another. Dut scientists back into it, if she once finds 'eiseti | agree that the higher the organism the excluded from it, is a problem wo it ny greater the difficulty of cell transplan, most strrmi «us and thoughtful sitiay. | tat|on Dr. Roberta asserts that he
haa been at work on this idea of cell transplantation for thirty years. He contends that the lymph increases the richness of the blood; it increases the activity and function of the whole blood cells; it causes an increased elimination of the waste p o fuels if the body, su b as ‘diseased cells
system
the lymph it is possible to rejuvenate ut human bodies with the aid of
l
worn t
Up vnill
your i
living beyond y out	.
h morn tile way yt u are now doing, «b» cried, piss.on itely, htu* line eyes
means
ELECTRICAL ASEPSIS.
A New 1I< HhmI or Trenting Wonud* and
IMvaird herfncea*
Patenta have been taken out on a new application of electricity, where-
foreign accumulations and poisonous excretions. It is
.	.	...	,	u iK.6if.Te sp i ic an Hit the pclfionof
by. H w claimed, wounds suppurating rheumatism and the results of rheuma-
and other diseased surface are render-
ua
id
tus in
WHERE IT IS NOT USEFUL.
"Acute rheumatism is not benefited, neither is any other acute disease. It ha* not failed to cure functional diseases of the nervous system senses
he
nascent ozone by means of electricity. High tension currents, preferably of
In organic due to sclerosis or overgrowth
the dishes or the service.
There was, to quote the account of
high efficiency, are applied to the ^
part* affected through n glass vacuum of connected tissue the curative results
few an*
HOUSEHOLD HINTS
her
As
one who was often a guest, "a coarse, A teaspoonful of whisky poured over inelegant plenty, without any regard Q 0f [ce cream makes it digestible to order and arrangement. A table and tastes fine,
prepared for seven or eight was often Mjuskmelon filled with ice cream compiled to have about it fifteen or mtkes a delicious desert.
When this pressing
electrode. The currents, it is claimed, have been incomplete in a become attenuated# on entering the va-	e	majoilty u cases
cuum chamber, and passing through ..‘Jn tjip twelve hundred cases treat-the contact surface of the elect rede, ed by thus lymph, there has not been leap through the space between it and a single death since the experiment beU»' -r ».	, •"—> h 1SS' 5£Si2yX
through space. The density of the dis- hypodermic springs. Dr. Roberts is
charge can he regulated at will, as not a follower of Dr. Brown-Sequard.
He does not say that he has discovered the fountain of youth.'*
agreeable.
Miss B ount
who was watching th furtive anxiety,
The "drum" shape is a decided nove'-
sixteen guests
difficulty was overcome, a deficiency ty .Q sm;lu stands, being, as its name of knives and forks, plates and glasses indicates, in the shape of a drum, with
The attendance was in the thp stick3 f0r a handle. One decorated
she
Give it
succeeded.
same style.*
Sir Joshua never minded what he ate
or drank, and never recommended the
may also its area, ranging from n quarter of an inch to several square feet. In aiypearauce kthe discharge resembles a shower of minute downy feathers, and it creates no shuck or unpleasant
red and gold is usually attractive.
I Hostesses in need of a new idea for ^ the decoration of their dinner tables ii , k He |l#fl HVntr>hJ^si ndeM with advantage try the Japanese attentive to what was said by any one method. A charming scheme which | physiological sensation on the most sen-
“SF £= sërmsMS	="%
bers of Parliament. The singularity large bunches of palest mauve orchids, the surrounding air and that occluded of the service and the disorderly ar- rather loosely arranged. A <dose-	i^	the. diseased surface,	but the oxygen
rangement of the table served to en- growing green plant stood on either	contained	lT1	the	purulent	or	other
ha nee the hilarity of the guests. Even side of the centerpiece, which also was malter present. The oxygen molecules Doctor Johnson, who appreciated a composed of orchids. The crowning thus resolved into atoms and recon-guod dinner, came there for a good peculiarity, however, was the presence | tilructe(1 talk rather than for what he might 0f two black Japanese trays; hut eat and drink. x	! though the groundwork was apparently
At four o'clock precisely dinner was a tray, on each was arranged a lands-served, whether two or three lords had cape, all worked out most minutely in arrived or not. But during those fes- various shades of sand.» Little tire hours all the guests were all mounds represented a mountain, which peers, and were as disputatious and sloped toward a tiny lake, all must vehement in argument as lawyers in faithfully depicted in sand and titled a trial.	with flowers. These were curious and
An anecdote, related by Northcote, effective in the extreme. v the artist, who was a pupil of Sir ( Wash the shelves of a china closet Joshua, shows how turbulent the in boiling soap suds, then scatter cay-guests ofter were. Dunning, the elo- enne pepper into all the cracks ami quent, and witty lawyer, happened one crevices, to keep ants away, day to lie the first guest to arrive. Wash tarnished silver in hot soapy "Well, Sir Joshua,” he asked, "and water ; rinse in clean water and dry whom have you got to dine with you wilh soft cloth. Polish with a little to-day? The last time 1 dined at fine chalk or pulverized whiting, us-vour house the assembly was of such, ing chamois tor a final polish. If very a sort that I believe all the rest of ( much enfraved use silver brush to re-thv world were at peace for that af- moVe any of the chalk or whiting.
ternoon.”	In laying aside knives or other steel i were gained. Complications of catarrh
implements they «hou d be slight y (ht, Kt(imach likewise yielded to the oiled and wrapped m ;ssb	treatment. It is also claimed that el-
prevent their rusting. <	«	•"	ectric asepsis stimulates the local re-
a 11* steel *a rtic les unless some such preJ
I issa.1 -1 s%sa. ™
when at some conjuring performance a thick lather of boiled soft soap and
run needles and water. Lay the linen thu* wetted up-
the grass in the sun, cover the
stains with salt and from time to time |	THE GAME OF CHESS,
as it dries water it lightly. A couple	_ ei ei, .
iw*rson has hundreds of senseless specks cf days should be sufficient to remove In 13. (1 Mohammed Halba usurped
rJ skin all over his body through which the worst of stains.	the crown of Granada in spite of the
one else	were	to do so	when	he	was	bleached muslin to! protect them from	his conduct of the war against me
\ l ndfolded he would not	be even	aware	dust and flies. If books are not in case	| Christians and was at length assassin-
nVthe fact Physicians call them dead cover them with an old sheet.	I a ted by poison absorbed through his
iplpii	teSiili
WSWmm
IN SQUARE MILES.
fish or venison
Thf Brlllnh Umpire Compared Wllh lit
lloilirr C ountry.
It is a commonplace to talk of the
on which the
British Empire as one
sets,” and perhaps the gran-
perverse a creature as ever be earth or broke the heart of man Numerous were the victims who sried for quarter to Miss Blount; indeed, she had it very much her own
few being
sun never
diloquent fact does not convey any great meaning to ordinary ears.
Year by year the British Empire ie
The English
a mo
ve ry
the name of
into a new group, as ozone.
Ozone is fatal to ail germ life, and spreading and growing the bacillus and spores of anthrax, the language bids fair to become the * ne largest and most obdurate of pat ho- universal language of commerce.
EEiFE jsæïà =r ,r.
system a wound may be rendered per- world was as follows:— fee 11 y healthy throughout its entire English. ....
tract, and to any depth, owing to the Russian..........
penetrating power of the current and German. • its decomposing action of the oxygen French. . necessarily present. A case was cited Spanish. . of a patient having a well-defined Italian. .
caso of phthisis, with night sweats, Portuguese. .	-	-	. f „
high fever, loss of appetite, insomnia. Judging from the past rate i coughing and other manifestations of gress one may assume with :s<>. * the disease, and exhibited colonies of | tanty that in IHidl Englanc _
thank for this extraordin-the affairs of the
boast of Great
way with the sterner sex able to withstand her tender, wild,
fsh , thinned their ranks so mercilessly.
Old and young, grave and gay, succurn-
oe 1 without a murmur to her smiles
, however, she scarcely
MB
regretting bitterly now all the hasty words and thoughts she had been in-
forgivo me 1 I do not dekindness, I know, after
. . :	27 7
.	,	18.7
;	,	18.7
,	.
:	.	10.7
With women
As
12.7
8.9
liai
3J
tube real bacilli. After a week’s treatment all these symptoms were almost entirely gone ; very lew bacilli were we have to
in the sputum and three pounds of flesh ary prominence in
world. No other nation can
British crown, the mother country
«*»
be computed at 1,21 A*
ece
t
net
hive possessed	.
Her father. Archibald Blount — cold, worldly, and selfish to the heart s core No love for his beautiful child ever warmed or brightened the stagnant feelings of this breast; she was there—before his eyes — the living of her dead mother but to him
than an incuin-
DEAD SPOTS.
no
was
Mfmllf* Hay hr Run Throeyh Them With
ont	F»l*«
du) g ing in
serve your what 1 said to you a few momenta ago; but, believe me, 1 am very grateful to
you."	,	.
Yet still she did not move forward to kiss him as perhaps a more beloved daughter would have done.
"Do not distress yourself, my dear, ' her father replied, with the faintest inflection of sarcasm in his voice. I am so well accustomed*to your numerous little tender speeches that they cease to embarrass me- long ere this, and eo saying, he went out, closing the door carefu'Iy behind him.
‘T have wronged him.” __ said, with extreme compunction, when she was again alone with her cousin, “I have wronged him greatly both in
but that is just
Most people have doubted their eyes
>
they have eeen a man
through both cheeks, evincing no
as be does so. In reality, every
image
she was little more br n e, the unwished for consequence
of a regretted marriage.
small wonder that the girl
on
us
pi ILS
pain
square
101,027, while and Borneo can (190 square miles

It was ¦ 1	1
should, under the circumstances, pay lit'le outw ard respect to his wishes or commands, though in her inmost ben t there lay bidden tor him n lasting love, far stronger than even she bei self believed could possibly have existed for the father who held her in su b slight estimation, and spent his time in racing or betting, or gambling away the small income — a remnant of of his < nee princely fortune—that sufficed to keep them from utter destitu-
bu
UNIFORMS.
of soldiers slain in bat-deal on the col-The more flashy
asm
The number
tie depends a great of their uniform.
Miss B ount

or

word and thought, like me, is it not—so ready to judge, so quick to condemn, and never hesitating a moment to think before 1 speak ? Ah, if 1 could only change my nature in some things, I do believe iq the end I might learn to be
I ion
She was a neglected flower, a tender creature growing up unheeded and unloved at least by him who ought to have been her th'ef counsel jr, but who, if ever he bestowed a thought upon
t
THAT WAS TOO MUCH.
- -
thought of such a thing.
«
Tita?

###PAGE###3###
7


4
1 1
»
MEN OF MANY TRADES.
^«VWmWVMWAVwWt| to do 1» to make a strong head halter
that can be let out or taken in with
buckles eu us to exactly fi,t the head. I A,ler Trylag Alano*t Kver.rilaiug, They el J taker, a discharged soldier, who haw
Put on the head halter at first with-	1,4181 11,4,1 *"***"'	\ just returned to hie home in Ilazelton,
out any hitching strap, and leave the lrurr words were never written the n | p* While In Manilla a sea-fly bifc him
colt aJl da, to bucume uwd to it, tak- thow ,>f Sbakeapeare, x/hkh Uliu.that »n lb.>right destroying I he sight ing off the halter at night. When men play rnuny parta. The career of other eye is now affected, and it Old, broken-mouthe<| or, we may add, I the hitching strap Is attached It should Dr. Wallace, M.P., who recently died M Ga,, <l tota Idmdnes» will reault. ruptured ewes, must go, and a faulty ^eld firmly, for if the cult finds that In harness, ia an a;d illuatration there-
Udder ia, in most cases, an unpardon-	Lrn"lW%biL «“i^welTa^fkst	^	The 1,,te MltWlan started	his life
able defect, say h a writer in London	to lead the colt and its da ml aide by	ae	* preacher, then he became	anedl-
Livv Stock Journal. It le less easy	side. When he learns to atand by u	or,	a hanker, a legislator, and	a paib-
tu still further cull the flock of its	Aching post without trying to pull	Ho	lecturer, suye the London	Daily
away the breaking to lead may be Mail, considered complete. It takes very '
ment is required In culling out the little time when this breaking to the «ut there are other men who haye weak members, but the opportunit y halter iw made while the oolti ia young, put their hands to a variety of call-must be taken, ami no doubt rigorous J.b® handling that this requires is thej ings. in some oases failure in one pur-............... “•	«- U SfVSK.
pioving a flot k.	impressed the breaking to harness is
A weak, bare, or badly-colored head,] made much less difficult speckled ears, w hen a uniform color ia
One of the perils of the Philippines U manifested In the case of Hugh
SHORT, BUT STRONG, Is this argument—

Agricultural!



/
F
POINTS OF THE SHEEP
CSVLU* TEA NAS TME 4LAV0S AND QUALITY Lead Packages. ...	. • . .*5» J°> 4<b 5° * •W
Korns. Korns.
FIJI WEDDING DOWRY
Brass Band
here are inure than one wort of korni* Home korn it* planted in the ground and the other wort don't need. planting ; they grow quite naturally	,Mlanf 8
on men i* toew and	don't need	hoeing,	and red,	the red	teeth being	worth
This kind of korn	has two worts—one	about 20	times as	much as the	white,
gentle or tender like until Bill Jones 'j-fie native carries his wealth around Mtejie on your foot, when it gets boil- hla neck, the red and white of hie ing mad and swears like everything; coinage forming a brilliant contrast to the other is hard	headed and	makes	his black	skin. A common and curious
a row all the time, especially	when	eight in	the Fiji	Islands is a	newly
your bouts are on. I don’t like koriis, married wife presenting her husband and use the extracting medicine, Put-| w£tb a dowry of whales’ teeth, ri a m's Tuinless Corn Extractor, which removes them painlessly in twenty-four hours.
Whales’ teeth form the coinage of the
They are painted white
I
lews desirable members
Great judg
Instruments, Drums, Uniforms, êtc.
Every town can have a band,
Lbweet, prloes ever quoted Vine oalalogue. 506 Mbs* Iretlone mailed frwi. Write ua for anything la Mmlu or Mualoal Instrumente.
WHALEY ROYCE A 06.,	- Terento, Can.
i
suit bns made them devote their energies to another; others, believing that variety is the very champagne of life, have changed their occupation from
in type, pink or badly-colored lips and SUGGESTIONS FOR KILLING motives of recreation, and not solely nostrils, and spots where no spots	WEEDS.	tl> «mass fortunes. No living man has
Hbciuld be, a rusty, auur, ugly head The eaaieat way to get rid of hurra tapped life at so many pointa in any breed should be got rid of. it u to bow oata or when* in the fielda Uerman Emperor. There ia hardly a ia no great matter if we cuU beyond where the weed ia found, and after the I'rofeeaion or occupation th*P he has our usual draft, as there are plenty of grajn baB lieen removed to mow the not “IVlied himself to. Poet, preacher, opportunities in early autumn to re- burs before they can ripen. Ragweed, Ht>,'lier,	musician, mechanic, di-
place by buying u few good ewes. too, can be destroyed in thia way by P<°“»atUt, doctor - these are but *
Nothing looks better than good mowing the pasture or grain field in few of thU many-sided monarch# ac- Phttfaph 10 0 .	«..-...«ut
heads, and strange ua it may aeem, ^hich it is found. Uurdock ia hard to oomplUhpieota.	[	- _____	ONE NIGH I
a sheep's head, which ia only worth kiU| ljlU by cutting it deep in the His uncle, the Prince of Wales, ia not	THE CHEERFUL IDIOT.	FARMS F0B sale - BRUCE COUNTY -
UU. at the	butcher's, ia worth	a lot of	ground just before it ripens for a year	far behind him in the variety of parts	l „„	H„mfl fellow going int0 lhfl McK HTKWA^vV»Lw^"«rd,™{-of^
money	when earned on a good	ram	or tw0 it C|ln	always be gotten rid	he has played. Science, literature, the	rabbit rearing business, said the board
of. By cutting	several times during	fine arts, the drama, politics—in each	er who	got the morning paper first.
Next	to	the head and earn	we	look	the season aU	the larger and older	°» these subjects, to mention but a	J^JJ*» 'hare-HfU^
for good .tuhIv* Ewe-uecked sheep nev- weed» can be killed and the smaller few, the Prince could give many men Qttlur0| gal(j ihe Cheerful Idiot.
a oueH reduced in growth or their roots w|j0 ure following some one of them
" thatbbCM°be fmind0inlbtLWpMtureeia Profeaaionally along start- Further, he	monteial hotel oissotorv
possible, weed out Juug or hollow- the thistle. The best time to cut or has been celled to the bur, and enrolled	An. pi.,
necked ewes. A muscular neck indi-	grub them in ju/*t before they bloom,	as a medical	man. It will thus I*)	evi-	I*10 Balmoral, r 56 DUS|1^oàup
cates htrength of cunslitmion, and	^ will be necessary to go over the	dent	that, if	it	was at all necessary	|fs\4-g| Cfl.rslR.kB Kuropeso Ro°ni«
1 have never know n a sheep-breeder	f^^his tIm" If ^he^field ^ba^earo-	*or	Highness to earn	his	Q.T.R.Hutiou, Mom reel. 0*lc%lmlek Jo., Iropi.
who did not strongly object to a shabby	full y Searched each time it ought not to	duil>	bread«	h*	would ^rov®	AVENUE HOUSE- Mil
EQUAL TO THE OOOA8ION. --------------------------
Leaving the royal atmosphere, there gy JAMES* H0TEL«Oppo*it# are many examples of mure lowly inor
%
THE NIMMO & HARRISON
MilNESS AND SHORTHAND
Cor. Yongeand College Hta., Toronto
CIVIL SERVICE PREPARATION A SPEC I
A well equipped, widely patronised Hohool. High reewtd fur good results Indiridual lietruotlon. Prospectus mailed to jour address free.
NIMMO god JAfl HARRI80X, Principals

COLLEGE
t
New importations finest fcuglish Hheep and Am-
Sausage Casings
arioso Hog Casing# reliable goods at right prices.
PARK, BLACKWELL A CO, Toronto
IALTV
»
as the
Several societies In Germany nmune
themselves by disiratching carrier pig
eon» to and from various points. About 300,000 bird» are thus employed. It is aaid that the army uses 8,000 of them. I Qafment
§
;
TNI DEI MOINE# INOV BATON-Best and oheaNest
O. Holland, sole itgnnt for the Dominion. Send 3ot. •tamp for catalogue. 373 8t. PaulI Street, Montreal._
who wish to Improve and have up ___	_ to-date methods, write na.
Cutter* 1 C. W. BUNT *C0.,Toronto.
?
K. D
32% Profits for the Month
Oi JULY This Company, after paying the 4 per oeol monthly coupon! maturing August Dr, hare remeli lng I surplus of 3# per cent. After deducting expenses. and tld amount earned to the reserve fund there remains to |àd oradtt of the invest ire a surplus over dividend of DM percent. Amy amount from #68 a awards received investment. Jw Book free, givleg full particular#-The Dominion Investment Oemperty ef Teronte, Oauada Permanent (Jhatiberu, 18 Toronto #1.
I
Que


Cere Cure Ask yon druggie for it Price 10
for
Catarrh : Indian Catarrh Cure.
Bold by all reliable Druggist#
Michigan Land for Sale.
000 AONIS 0000 PABMINQ LANDS ARKKAQ
| loeco Ogegiaw aed Crawfurti CeuotUjf TlUdMl Ob Mloh'gan Central, De'iolf « MacktuaC Loon Lake Railroads, at prices imaging Irene #$*»## pur acre, These Lauda are Oless to Knterpriâlaà
Chuicbee, School*. «to., aad will be toldoO idael
P
or owe
\
8
I
Stammerers S5
feet
t
er look well, mid a good scrag is strong point. Let *U8, therefore, as far
Î-;
»
Dr. Aroott, Barilo who will eoatlnuayee be earn our* you
own#
«¦aaonable tarins. Apply to

UH
R M PI
i
“ «AVI* BRAND " Maoklnte.h
never hsurdens A la guaranteed Waterproof, Ask f r II,take no other. Beu ter Rubber Clothing Oe, Montréal,
Or J
)
,SSÉ|
furnished for work OMiMfih •Ufi
.ME
ROOFING
Opp
»
dLATK i flohesli
I
Red or Green. I Publie and High Coal Tar, etc, ROOF Inge, Toronto, done V aloes, eto Retlinatee
pOIIMON SEMIS KILLS ItoMhe, Bed
If Begs, BaU and Mies. Bold by ail
1

neck. Mr. ELI mar, the Lather of the be a difficult matter to rid it entirely i Southdown breed, insisted on the im- thia troublesome weed
>OÔD & PHO TO ENGRAVING
, -3J.L.JdNESENG.t? “
t h iu Adelaide vw Toronto:
portance of thus point. Mr. Jas. itaw-leuce, of Uulbridge. one of the oldest
Railway. First cln*4 Commercial House, provementi—Bates moderate
Modern Im
a
ITEMS OF INTEREST.
tais who have appeared on life's .stage in different characters. Mr. tiret Harte toiled industriously in many pursuits until he found his true vocation in enriching Anglo-Saxon literature by his London milkmen convey their milk vivid stories of life in California. Start-
from house to house on motor wa-| ing as a miner, he developed into a
school-master, and then became in turn
The leant troublesome and most pro-|	messenger, printer, and news-
paper editor.
Fortunately for literature, he narrow ly escaped becoming a very wealthy
Mexican ladies ^ire fond of chocolate.I man by selling his interest in a mine
before Its value had been discovered .	^	.One day he sat down, and, over a pipe
to them, and drink it during the scribbled a poem of humour — "The
Heathen Chinee," to wit—which made The first plucking of an ostrich oc- him a man of fame.
It was laid down as a truism that to become a successful novelist one should have seen life in many of its
ROYAL MAI STiAMSHU*
t
Dominion Line
1
of our noted breeders, would uot keep
a Weak-necked ewe, and no man who a rew	Which Will Prove
Worlli Beading.
»
THE ENEMY'S SACRIFICE
f
tl
Montreal ond Quebec to Liverpool. Large and fast Steamers Vancouver,
Scotsman, Cambroman.
peer de
•Maud-—Major, is it true that once during the war one of the enemy died to save your life ?
Major B untly.—Yes.
Maud—How noblo 1 How did it hap-
HARRIS
values his Hock would buy a ram with this tauit. The neck ought to be muscular, arched, tapering and neat.
Shoulders are as important as neck, | gon». and should be considered as follows;
First, they must blend with the neck.
T hey must be well laid back so as to produce thick " crops " and a great girth. Secondly, they must be wide over the tops. Thirdly, they must be wide through the heart from blade to blade. Nothing can be more effective than a good fore-end. ll* you try to think of it, imagine the sheep to be
grazing with her head towards you,fours when it is seven months old. A and you will then notice the grand effect of good shoulders. Deep floor to the chest and a prominent breast, coming well forward between the fore-legs complete this paid of our picture.
Next let iu* look at the ribs and back, the loins, the quarters, the let-down of the legs of mutton, and lastly, at
the general ampleness of form There ...	,	_	_	,	..	,	,	. .
•d ur detective ewe must go.	. Utm.	ÆriZ '	WW Cat Man-Yea;; there len t a
A *1^. tl°chk Jt™1?},.* u JThe	An entert>riAinS y°un« man with a Mr Jerome K. Jerome, although still man in the town I -don't owe money to.
W 'to take	UU ind mit on blg trunk sfco»®d at a Chicago hotel. a young man, has had a varied exista new and improved head to the flock When he left the discovery was made enoe. He has now found his proper	FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS
iMmmm mgs mmM mmm
can go on wi.hout it.	under sixteen years of age unless on wrrlght, author and journalist.
a written order from his ox hex guar-	* ----
CARE IN HARVESTING POTATOES, dian
b
LEAD. COPPER. BRADS Mueosiy. LM| Dtelsoo# T#leph#m#lT*L
WILLIAM IT., TORONTO.
omimon
Per further Inforwstlo» mipfy toleosl	<*
DiT,i>	tzLX Msxur
n
Rates
Osbie,!
a
e
A mm# Mills, Mills A Hals#
LAW Ê2SR3?
pen
Major Bluntly—I killed him
fitable animal to raise in this country is the sheep.
o
Motel Mil fislcen m»e o»tiot »f ord le US without ihe Automatic Faucet AUac#, ¦r»t, se itdaysfer Hael/la vue wee|draw* img beer drip, no wafcte * ou o umekmmd bodm* beer with die Auvuaet but lu oaae of rush you osu hold glaee*ii cl. hand, m the Au testable eady The Aitomat
1

e
•LUBY’SEH:""-
1 Sold by all druggists. 50c. a bsttle.
ajr,0W The Dawson Commission Co., Llrçlted,
Osr. WeeV Market A 0 el kerne St, Ter onto.
#
Even in church they have it brought
e
1
(1
Always r dr aw» tile Snarl giaaaef beer an*
le need lor any trade, a» it pub# the kind ef Le»d en the beer the! you want. Prior* SI 60 pre-pald-* mope, refunded If u*»t satiifa* tory Hamilton MfgCo.,ToroaPl
vice
n
A*
b
VERY LIKELY
QaYEIJTC Procured le all countries. Design* I " * ¦I’*® Trad*) Marks registered, Copyrights, . LlV** Precured Write for Information. EATON. R. CÀ8E, Registered Soi toller Jf Patent Neurj Publie, Temple B itiding, Toronto, Ont.
1
Whits—She baa a great command of language, hf isn’t she?
.	,	... ,	.	Black—Yes; that's the reason, I’m
I,a»t year 367 persona in the United ^riTrôeot Mr. F^O PhiUips, the	l° lhink' that ** D6V6r gUt
States lost their lives by lightning, tbor, of "As in a Looking Glass,”
ws 5vsr zpjxsat H-FEIHEH
Coffee tabloids or lozenges are com- sword for the footlights, where he saw
is
dozen feathers are usually taken from the wings and tail atone time.
KG
f
i-
HARDWARE, DRUG AND GENERAL STORM ALL HELL IT TO THEIR GOOD TRADE.
Catholic Prayer
Religious Picture*. Statuary, and Church Ornaments
wn rtlCl ToV'SZrZ""
TORONTO Cutting: School offer* syeolal advantage*
I to all deiiroue of acquiring a thorough knowledge ol GoHur and FUttkg Geatlemea'a Garments. Wnle for particulars
one
PEERLESS"
SlSs
La Toscana, 10c. ^or^kmoM
l<
t.
It
an important person
Machine
10
b
113 Venge St. Toronto
BECAUSE ITS THE VERY BEST OIL THEY CAN GET
o other giregmeh complete satisfaction to FABMFHe
jmm
is
*
BUSINESS SCHOOL.
ALBERT COLLEGE,
Hon, etc., for one term of weeks. Bend for specimen of penmanship, etc	W. P. DYER. Principal.
sa
ITVO"-

t-
ROKTO

OOERSpris
n
)h
WHITE'S PHOSPHO SODA
>7
CAItAltA PI;RMA\Ki\T

is
are
d

I/
Loan and Savings Company.
laconruKATET) 1865.
The eldest end Largest Canadian IIengage Corporation,
»d
Conscripts in Cologne produced symp-OPALS FOR GOOD LUCK.	toms of heart disease by taking pills
*m=# gpsEiü	1
have seen potatoes ser.ouslj mjuredm A famous ma„ waa the |ate James carries with it the best of luck and appearance and in real value by the Hradt> o( Mendon Mich He gloried happiness in Its highest form
cumlefiH use of hue oi ( igK« i .\t iy .Q	title of champion pie eater of deed, it is now considered the token	HELPFUL KNOWLEDGE.
H/H. r Hr.? rzzsSshBæ
out deeply into it in order to remove put the stalks in a person’s mouth, be- ^ devoted a character as to show it- didn* happen to be on ban' to push pn' the part which has turned black and cause if the sap chances to get into , (j	t nt and fiery flashes 0f 1 boiler,
dry in consequence of the reckless a crack in the lips an annoying swel-
z =?	:: 2 ~ z-
root must be thrown away. Knowing
CARD INDEX
• ••
The only per feet lyetem fw keep-lag names aad ad dr Sample tray out It..
$2,6o0,OOO
Paid-up Capital, Reserve Fund
13.
1,200,000
Head OITIee-Teronto St., Toronte. Branch Offlcee—Winnipeg, Man., Vancouver, S4
Sate laity Mfg. Ce.,
Limited
futory: Newmarket.
The Bffiee IS aad 134 Bay St, TORONTO.
be
O'KEEFE'S MALT
he
DEPOSITS RECEIVED. Intereel allowed.
DEBENTURES ISSUED for 1, 8, 3. 4 er 6 yean. With Interest . oupon» attached.
MONEY LENT on security of real estate mortgagee, Government and Municipal Bunda, eta.
Solid Gold....$2.85 Bosk Gold Fill 1.60 6 yrs Gold Fill 1.00 Best Glasses... 100
i and Strengthens, oronto. GENERAL AGENT
LLOYD1 W(?OD,Ÿi
he
In-
n-

rs.
for further particulars apply to
i. HBKBbKT MASON
Managing Director, Terente.
is
sh'
•3 Yonge Street, Toronto
ne
On Trial
he know» that any such bruise rnayj backs Qf camels. The steady jogging	--- +	* VFe will give One Hundred Dollarn for any jÇ*
Vwi	ani,nal Churned the milk int0	A DIAMOND SEASON.	I	8.04°^
trrsüsïm»* —— *w mmm	rsr nz£tesr*^”*e
tss -,	si it tzjzjsz d~- *—= - -*• -—.................................................- ™‘ - "• -
market. He knows that when stored, nakedi and 700,000.000 cover only parts that we p088e®“ where	the	light	will	come	flooding in,	of iheir body; 500,000,000 live in houses	One time pearls	are the rage
many	bushels	will	be	lost	by	turningj	700,000,000 in huts and caves, and 250,-	next year no one	will wear anything I ajd
K%-	»• ZZh"‘ ”v — *°d	,or I nzttsæx. jm&tss1
Petroff Valdorf, a Russian scientist, I at all times and at all seasons—!n the has demonstrated that kerosene may ! daytime, in our hats, laces at night in
ky and supplied at 30 cents a gallon. ha very great	Uw*rdid 100 modal» and diploma* for superior
Now for the petroleum punch and kero- To be correct, we must wear two de- 0	de^i^'to" ohtL^ a
sene cocktail, to warm the stomach and licate gold and jeweled chains around	Tiîts mailed free on application,
makes the eyes glow with delirious de-	our necks, two or	three gold bangles,	-	n	P	* » yrpT s. nn
I'Fht.	diamond lace pins,	costly rings, collars	F.	t-	b	’’
An eloping couple met with a mis- of pearls and jeweled hat pins in the I Manchester.	«
hap in “Warner, Tenn. Miss Florence daytime. ,
Williams was eloping with her sweetheart, Mr. G. C. Bishop, in a buggy,
when an obstruction on the road upset the vehicle. She was hurled out, breaking an arm and dislocating a wrist. Two hours later she stood before a clergyman with both of her arms in splints and was married.
For thirteen years the left arm of
Eli Forbes bf East Brushfield, Mass.,
had been useless from rheumatism. He
was sitting at his window one evening
recently when a thunderstorm arose.
A flash of lightning seemed to play about his affected arm, causing a shook and prolonged tion
ward involuntarily, and from that time it has been as well as ever.
of
WE SEND THE
be
77
8.7
8.7
OR TBB
2.7
ANDERSON, FORCE PUMP
tenu* Ne sucker, nt will lest a lifetime.
).7
8.3
on these
packing
For Illustrated Catalogues address
AYLMER IRON WORKS
J. W. ANDERSON,
Aylmer, Ont
3J
i
o-
<
Your choice of a Violin, Guitar or Autoharp for selling only 3 dozen Gold Topped Lever Collar Buttons at 10 cents each, or a Mandolin or Banjo for selling 4 dozen. Ko money required Just write u* and we will send the buttons postpaid Sell them, return the money and the instru-choose will be promptly for-express, all charges paid. Lever Uattorn €#., Dept. *, Toronle.
REE
f*r
en
or
iat
ri-
bs
of
HEALTH RESTORED
withqut
or e
oust disordered Stomach, Lain**, Nerves, Bladder, kidney». Brain and Breath by
gut medWag ieenae to tkl Liver. Bleoit
;at

ment you
as
warded by
he
Policemen in Ghent, Belgium, are
each to be supplied with a dog, as
of attack by desperadoes
Du Barry's Ara6l01 r d
rhleh Saves lavalld* and Children, and also Sears mud nesfnlly Infante whose Allinvnte and Debility have r# Mt-d all other treatments. It digests when all othed rood is rejected, saves 50 time it# cost In medicine.
Invariable Success, 100,009 Annual Cures of Constipe* tlou, Flatulesuy, Dyepepsiai Bdlgeetioc. Consumption, Diabetes, ilronchltie, lutii* mza, Ooughi Asthma. Catarrh, Phlegm, Diarrhea* it-rvous Debility, Sleeplessness, Despondency,
Revalent*
lt-
the
an
KISSIHC BUGS

• * e
• • • •
in case
ire
il P V
green.
thrown W ®	¦	. .	-
one will knowingly buy a lot of green
and bitter potatoes. Often the loss
from this source is by no means small.
Before marketing the man who values
his reflation will carefully sort his
crop, rejecting all tubers which are
under size or affected by decay. Iiis
product will then present aa uniform
and decidedly attractive appearance,
which will go far toward effecting a
sale at fair prices.
Now, it is not asking too much of the potato grower to observe such simple rules as these. It will not cost him mitich to do so, aand will be a nouice of pride, as well as of profit to I have, seen loads of potatoes tak-... to the car from which the buyer would reject practically none of the tubers- On the other hand, I have seen lads from which several bushels were rejected as unmarketable. Which
pays best?
DnuQ _Do you want to give the girls ouJa	a genuine surprise?
You can have oceans of fun with this novelty.
The mainspring of life is fun. Send for a Kissing Bug, and live ten years longer. Sent post-paid with our list of novelties, for 10c, in stamps or silver.
PROGRESS NOVELTY CO.,
123 Richmond 8t.W
ea-
'V
Girls
ith
CALVERTS
50 Years

ist
>
704
ua
nta
Toronto, Ont
DuBarry & Co., =5?
It
13.-
JAS. R. AM NETT, Manager
wouden. W , also In Paris, 14 Rue de Ceetfglio
and
unen, w., ai»o in rana, ie nue ne vasttgiion, v all Grocer», Chemist*, and Stores everywhere. In tl , 3.,6d., 6# , 5lb., 14s Sent carriage free H »rry e Revalent» Biscuits, in tine, 3s M. and Is. trente for Canada: The T. EatonOo . Limited. Tarent*
JOHN J. MAIN, Supt. and Treae
t
a
Also
The Canadian Heine Safety
BOILER
at-
3 HOW CASES. WALL CASES
ol-
ALLAN LINE
Some of the largest jewelry house*
in New York have immense mirror»
behind the counters, ao that when they turn their back upon a customer they can see if he transféra any gem» to hie pockets.
Office and Bank Fixture#, Modern Store Fronts, Mirrors and Plat# Glass. For low prices write
*hy
ket
nt-
ROYAL MAIL STEAMERS
8T. LAWRENCE
ROUTE,
MONTREAL TO LIVERPOOL.

him
eta
TORONTO SHOW CASE ^
Esplanade,
0pp. Sherboum# St
aen
Toronto
04
ten
EVERY THURSDAY
ive

Frees Liverpool.
From Montreal
....7 Rent
....14 Hepi.
:E.TSr

V
BAVARIAN..
CALIFORNIAN
...TA IN VI.. .
..PARISIAN..
. BAVARIAN.
Twin Screw S. 9. Bavarian, 10,000 tone, wtl sail frem Liverpool Ana. 34, and from Montreal Sept f Cabin Paeeaee -IdS.O0 end upward*, heoend Cabin-*» 00. Return Ik* SO.
High Claes Water Tube Steam Boiler#, for All Pressures, Duties and Fuel.

7 Be ye 14 de>4

HALTER BREAKING COLTS.
Every colt should be taught to lead with a halter while still with the dam. -	, b leas difficulty at this early
—", than later, and also less liability to having the animal^ injured in ita struggle# to get free. The first thing
old
The
to
Ê	à	y •/	SEND FOR DESCRIPTIVE CATALOGUE
V	iAil *1 Tosento. whi
JtA
There
vef
prickling he arm a
senaa-
ahot for-
In an instant t

#L BSÜNLIER, 77 Yongre St., Torontg, er N. a A. ALLAH. MenVeol.


i

/
###PAGE###4###
wJSSZ"1 bs Pontiac
Woollen
among party leaders. All last week mem hers of the House anil prospective vamlulatvs wore streaming into the min-11 Oflfl istevs' others at the Parliament buildings IVvu*
1000
I the confidence of the French Canadian ! Liberals of Quebec. Uis appointment - I would rally the Soleil and its friends t * *
SHAW VILLE, SEPT, 14, 1899.
bask* to talk the proposed change over with Sir Wilfrid and the Ministerial whip. It is possible that Judge < ho (juetto will run for the county of Lot bit tore.
THE EQUITY.
1899.
mil consulting fts to the best policy t
Present indications
K.mrn-r* having tanil» to dk|H.sv of thin ill ,|o well to hold them until , mh they arc bound to
pursue
seem to
point m the probability of an early iUm.no lut ion aiul an appeal to the country un lev the leadership of lion. W. U. IWs, the present premier going on the bench us previously reported. But whichever course is chosen the political horizon is bounded on every hand with heavy clouds for the Liberals, while to the Conserva vive party the outlook is correspondingly bright. Next month will pi<dably wit* ness anc startling developments in provincial polities.
Season " t hey get our price
the highest that wil be paid, d AS. HOBIWSON.
Ituvvr for Mr. Jamieson.
Bcnfrew
The Forty-Third
EDITORIAL NOTES
b«
The revelations that have liven made in the North Waterloo election invest iga lion, which began at Berlin, Out., last week, disclose a state of corruption on the part of the («rit political heelers, that is fully up to the methods that were employed in West Huron. The “ machine " workers seem
money to dispense in the way of capttiling C onservative votes, as well as the in numerable other adjuncts necessary to I pi steal an election
XHIBITIOM
Xugust £1. W
Clarke Wallace Replies to CartWright Speech.
Mills
Sept. S. — Hon. N. Clark Wallace made a vigorous speech at Toi to have had barrels of | onto Junction on I’hursday night last in
reply to the recent Tort ni t Richard Cartwright very large amtiviui
SHAWVILLE
Meat Market. |
Toront
under the auspices of
Asricultural SucyNo.l
o speech of Sir He addressed a mil won much np-
The iron production of Canada, as a
result of the operation of companies now
organizing their plant in Nova Scotia,
Xftvr declaring the Liberals realized j promisee in the early future to bo largely
the people dist rusted them and that Sir j increased. The disc wry of great bed*
Richard had been sent to deliver his re- ! of ore in Southern Newfoundland ha#
The total mineral production in On I vent speech to endeavor to dissipate this given what was needed in connection
tario in 1891 was $4,705,683, and last feel mg. Mr. W allace tackled thv Knight'* with the Cape Breton ooal fields to jus
year $7,214,341. Of the product m 1893,	of un......,h, W,orals I ufv the employment of large cap.tal. and
J	i ,	,	and quoted hgui
stone and clay were valued at $£,922,	7
379; oil, gas and carbide, $2 328,110; salt advantage of the formel and gypsum, $282,886; graphite and Sir Richard, lm said, had had the vf Uda's minerals.the development of tie
-»v“, an	t!
and ailver, $l,bo9,OOL. Ihe number vf I vatiVes. Whv, in 1S71 there were seven The promise now is that in a few mont Is employees last year was 7,490, and the j teen million acres of land under cultiva it will be no longer possible to say this.—
The I fcation, and in 1891 there were just Montreal Lazette.
In 1898 the bank
The only Establishment of its kind in the County.
mat
COUNTY OF PONTIAC,
HOICK Flilisll AMI (THED MEATS OF ALL KINDS NOW IN STOCK.

Will be held on t he Society's (iroun Is at
SHAWVILLE, QUE
ON
Wednesday, Sept. 27.
\
spolity under the Liberals tify the employment < f large capital,
^lires of Conservative and ! the men with capital equal to the oppor Libev'il regimes in that connection, to the (unity Imvc been found ready to invest advantage of the former.	it. Like much in connection with Can

CARDING
J. 0. McGUIRE. SPINNING
Etc. Etc.
Thai.king the publlic for pad patronat, I respectfully solicit a continuance of
the same


Over $14-00 in Prizes
amount of wages paid #2,404,23!)
SiXr;: n I ESSwaa -
good prospect of it going over $590,000. | 1895 the depositors in savin- hanks num
Last year the production of refined nickel j he red 204,000, and the deposits amounted
to 828,000. In 1878 there were 18.000,000 letters deposited and in 1890 no fewer than 90,000,000 were mailed.
Mr. Wallace denied Sir Richard's
For nil breeds of Horses, Cattle, Sheep Rig", ami Poultry. Also Dairy Pro duets Ladies' Useful and Ornamental Work. Painting and Drawing, Roots, Harness l’arriagvs. Implements, Horticulture and Grain.
TO WHOM IT
IV|AY CONCERN:
A Thin Excuse
In
DONE IN THE USUAL PROMPT AND SATISFACTORY MANNER.
The government has seen the folly of its course, and ordered that no more Galicians bo induced to come to Canada.
An effort is being made to demonstrate that the wicked Tories began the Galician business. We 1 ardly believe that
any considerable section will exculpate.	..
the ministers on this allegation. If true, Tho Uppep F,at of lho Now Hal1 wl the wiser men had ihe power to beat be completed and used exclusively
back those degraded people.	1	for Ladles Exhlblts-
was 4,597,500 pounds, and of copper, refined, 8,373,500.
o
Always In Stock a large and well rted Range
Gentlemen :
Themju„ic. of cutting ofir the
service between the Chapeau village and I the expen80 incurred by the Liberals t«>
Waltham still exists, and although the ! bring in Galicians and such, asked what
distance between these two points is only they had done to bring in Anglo-Saxons,
the race that had built up the country
,	. , j • «	* i	i	, under Conservative rule. Mr. W all ace
has to be made via 1 embroke, and away I tended the immigration work of the
around by Ottawa and up the P. P. J. | Conservatives, and said the value of sellRailway to Waltham, or the reverse ers’ effects brought into the country
route when Chapeau is the objective	slSnf»
point. This grievance came into being I f|llling llway ,luriug tlle Ust yi,»r. In with the advent of the Mulockian system I 1SP7 the figures were $2,2:13,000. In of false economics, and although the 1898, $2,400,000, and in the year ending people of the section interested have ,ïulv *st* l&W* $2,800,8,#». In other
clamoured for its removal, and the prêt.	%u7of\\Zerv!r
of the district have repeatedly pointed tive ruiti w,ls $2,ti84,<)00, while the aver-out the unfairness and absurdity of it, age for three years of the Grit adminis-lio action has been taken. It seems evi- i t rat ion was $2,t>21, DM), or $<>.>,90## less.
of
Having bought out the Tailoring business of Mr. Charles Frame, 1 U*g leave to state that 1 am prepared and position to give every satisfaction
• •
Worsteds,
Serges,
Tweeds,
Flannels,
Prints, &c.
These Goods are from the best Scotch, English and Canadian manufactories.
in a
to those who may entrust me with
eight or nine miles, mail communication
A DIAMOND FOR A DOLLAR
Special
Prizes.
an order
A Limited Special Offer which will Last for 10 Days Only.
My Motto :
Prompt attention to business. No
GENUINE POMONA DIAMONDS have a worldwide reputation. It is almost impossible to distinguish them from genuine diamonds costing hundreds of dollars each. They are worn by the l»est people will* forward a G*knvink Pomona Diamond mounted in a heavy ring, pin, or stud, to any address upon receipt of price, 81.(Hi each. * Ear-rings, screws or drops, $2 per pair. King settings are made of one continuous piece of thick, shelled gold, and are warranted not to tarnish. Special combination offer for 10 days only ! Ring and stud sent to any address upon receipt of $1.50. Send for catalogue. In ordering ring give finger measurement by using a piece of st ring—also full particulars. Addre» plainly, THE POMONA Co.,
1181 1183 Broadway, New York.
disappointments to patrons.
Following is a list of Special I My Determination : Prizes received since the prize
list was printed :
William Blakely, $10,
Wt
To turn out a class of work that will hear successful comparison with the very best ; a class of work that by its stylish and fashionable appearance, will draw the attention of everyone, and secure the continued patronage of those who entrust me with their first order.
Merchants Bank of Can-1 Leave y°ur Measure next.
ada, $6,
To be divided into prizes of $3, $2 an < ,1, for a Trotting Race, twice around tinring ; each competitor to unhitch his horse twice (once in each round), take him around the rig each time and hitch up again. Horses to be fully harnessed without snaps.
To he divided into prizes of $4, $3. #2 and $1, for best Stallion and his family of not less than four of this season's Colts: the volts of the winning family to compete for the money—the stallion to get nothing.
dent that “I William Mulock has his
THE EXOM's
time so fully taken up devising newer de
signs for post stamps than has been, that j claim that the Liberals had stopped the
he cannot spare a moment to look after 1 exodus. To do this he quoted the figures
the administration of his half-starved de- sjlow*n£ t*‘° sv,rluI> olivets carried out of
the country. If the exodus had stopped
part ment.	| ^iesc should show a large decrease.
However, in 1894 the figures were £L-
019.000,	in 1895 1,049,000, and in 1890
81.301.000,	or an average of $1,022,000.
In 1897 they were $1,008,000, in 1893
8993.000,	and in 1899 £1,051.000. These figures show that in the last three years
, vf Conservative rule, which was the Quebec, Sept. 4.—The loud clamour vely worst- <>f the regime, the average of the Quebec Liberals for better repre	mam	~MT
sentation in the Federal Cabinet, which has been voiced so frequently of late in the Soleil and still continues, and yesterday's demonstration at St. Michel, which was entirely organized by the Soleil itself, was intended to snub Sir Wilfrid Laurier as much as to compliment Mr.
Marchand. Although Sir Wdfrid repre sents a Quebec constituency and has caused Parliament to vote enormous amounts for public works in this district during the session just ended, not a move of any kind has been made to give him a demonstration here. With the death of Dr. Guay and the appointment to office of Dr. Rinfret and Messrs. Lange!ier ai d Choquette, who were the real Liberal leaders of the district, the rank and file of the party here are extremely dissatisti ed, and were the Soleil to cease its complaints it would no longer represent the real views and aspirations of the Liberal
electorate, and would probably soon find Mr. Wallace disputed Sir Richard s itself opposed by a new party organ. ^Mm that the railway so increased eus-Neither Mr. Dobell nor Sir Henry Joly p)Ills revenue that such alone would pay de Lotbiniere has ever addressed a party f,,r the expenditure incurred. He said meeting here since entering the cabinet, he hiul taken the customs returns from and if general elections were to be order- eVery port in British Columbia which
ed tomorrow, there would really be no- COuld possibly he improved by the con- Great Northern, Colling wood, Sept. 19 body in the district of Quebec whom the strnotion of the railway. He found that to 22.
local Liberals could look to as a party in 1897 these ports yielded £380,273 and Oxford, Woodstock, Sept. 21 to 23 leader.	in 1898 $332J)00, or a decrease of £48,- Halifax F«tir, Halifax, Sept. 23 to 30.
In view of all these facts, the Quotidien ; 939 instead of £9,000 more. He dared North Brant, Paris, Sept. 25 to 20. of Levis has drawn attention to a singular j HUybody to challenge these figures. Fur Centre Bruce. Paisley, Sept. 20 to 27. gathering that took place the other day at t\ïc yuîll. ending July 1st, 1899, the re- Haldimaud, Cayuga, Sept. 29 to 27. the home of Sir \\ ilfrid Laurier, at Ar- ct>jp‘fS from these ports were £377.309, or West Kent, Chatham, Sept. 29 to 28.^ thabaska. That party reorganization in $3,000 leas than before the railway was | Centre Wellington, Fergus, SepL 27 to anticipation of general elections, was one imjlr.
of the subjects discussed at the meeting	__________________ I East Algon.a, Sault Ste Marie, Oct
in question, seems natural enough from	3 to 4.
the fact that Mr. Sutherland, M. P., the ONTARIO GOVERNMENT IN | New Brunswick, St. John, Sept
Government whip, has been summoned AN AWKWARD SITUATI0X
by the Premier.	___ Stormont, Newington, Sept. 12 to 13
Amongst the members of Parliament IfThey pace Bye-Elections Maior- Owen Sound, Owen Sound, Sept. 12 to
i«y will likely b» Reduced to 1	"
ÎR.-ÏÏSfrSfir.rSrrtt Three'	TT"' I --------------------------------- I	------- Iproflt* the experience|, ,__Prlc„
thabaskaville. The most careful obser- Toronto, Sept. 11.—The Liberal guv- Twenty-five families of Minnesota I yj i pniinnPP MD. navirf fiillinc	* ,1	,
vers there upon both sides of politics affect eminent of Ontario is oil the horns of a farmers are going to move into the Ed ”• Ul 'bupuiy, nprij ua	u gî>,	OI tllOS© WHO
to believe that serious changes at Ottawa a dilemma. When North Waterloo is montun District this Fall.	M.P.P., and Other prominent TT .	, _ I rf>D 011 E liD Tfl DCIIT
are contemplated. The deposition of declared vacant, as it is almost certain to	. . .	.	.	.	11	. j	HAVE MADE IT PAY iUM oALt UM III ML 11 I
Sir Henry Joly de Lotbiniere is urgently be, there will he four vacancies in the John Charlton thinks that the Michi-	gentlemen are expected,
demanded by the French Liberals. Now House—West Huron, North Waterloo, gan lumbermen will heat the Ontario
ISMiSI ISiE! ::
Price. The only difficulty in the way of of them will prove too great a task, even	Toronto Board of Education has xx lu rv	",U " "	11 Xl ll ,hl
this is Mr. Charles Langehers open ad for the varied resources of the machine. Voided to strike Algebra and Euclid ' a8Ual J)11 Cbe vocacy of Mr. John Breakcy, president if the Conservatives win these seat s they from the list of Public Schools.	_/
of the Quebec Bank, for the position, will then have 45 seats in the 1 louse, • cts which are of little practical use in Mr. Breakey is not urging his own leaving the Liberals a bare majority of	life of the greater percentage of
claims, but he gave Mr. Langelier a gen three.	pupils in the Public schools, they can
:	support in the Levis election.	This would prove much too small for a well be dispensed with, they think.
It is even possible that Messrs. Joly working majority and would soon result J and Breakey may go to the Senate, since in the defeat of the government, and the The present reign of the Liberal party
it is known that Sir C. A. Pelletier, who	consequent advantage of Mr. Whitney in	at Ottawa has been fruitful in catch	1	^ Entr|es ,mlst be in the hands	of
has wealth and a title, is quite ambitious	the appeal to the country that would fol-	phrases, if nothing else, lo Mr. 1 ctit »	tbe Secretary not later than the 23rd	of
to ascend the Bench, and if he does so, low.	‘	44 Business is business, and Mr. Pres-1 September.
Sir Henry Joly de Lotbiniere will pro-	On the other hand if they avoid this	ton's “ Hug the machine,” the Moncton	1	por prige Lists and other information
bably succeed him as president of the	scy 11a they fall into the charybdis of a	Transcript's 11 Every day has been a	I	apply to the Sec.-Treasure!
jX"ch"e..utid,n,,p'.2“ u ”0"" rzi Si:';;: % m	YoraG
the Gabinet, and he himself succeeded on The outlook is far from a pie,want one between $tW,000,000 and ÇtiO.WU.UW «	Prksidext
the bench by Senator Pelletier. Judge from the Liberal standpoint, and is year, too, the picnic is no mean one.—
Choquette is a political fighter and ha- causing a good deal of apprehension | Montreal Gazette.	1
Wallace attacked Sir Richard's
Mi
They have been selected with a view to
supplying peiple with the c a s cf goods they require, and they have been murk d . t prices that n.uU se 1 them wh«u <x mined.
J. W. C0iV|BA, tailor.
THE FALL FAIRS
(McArthur's building, Main St.)
POLITICAL SHUFFLES
The Dates Fixed for the Principal Events Throughout Canada.
a. HODcmrs
How the Quebec I iberal Malcontents may be placated.
PORTAGE DU FORT
9
The fall fairs will be in full blast this month, and with the object of Keeping the public posted on the dates of the principal events the following list has been prepared :
Central Canada Fair, O.tawa, Sept. 11 to 23.
Carleton County, Richmond, Sept. 13 ! For tlie best Roadster Team owned by a tQ 15.	! farmer in the county and driven by his
Souih Lanark, Perth, Sept. 11 to 13.
Prescott County, Vankleek Hill, Sept. 12
to 13.
S mill Grenville, Prescott, Sept. 19 to 21.
North Liuatk, Almonte, Sept. 29 to 28 South Renfrew, Renfrew, Sept. 28 to 29.
Kemptville exhibition, Kemptville, Sept.
28 to 29.
Huntley Fair, C.irp, Oct. 3 to 4.	[ G. H. BpabaZOn, $5,
“sSKysSSB «2
Pontiac County, Shaw ville, 8ept. -, .	the county and driven by their owners.
Canada’s Great Eastern Fair, Sher-	_____
ivÎKSfSlÎSÆs.pt. :,o.	| Thos' Prendere«t. $5,
Kingston District F.tir, Kingston, Sept. Divided into prizes of $2.50.81.ÔHand
t ii	fora foot Race for Boys under 18 years :
. v L I *•	, I 1	nuu:	once around the track ; onv-third of the
Quebec rair, Quebec, h*pt. 11 to lu.	distance to lie run with 1 foots on properly
Bay of Quinte, Belleville, Sept. 13 to 14.	laved ; then to take off the boots and
Peterboro Fair, Sept. 29 to 28.	c irrv them in tlielr hands while running
Weet Middlesex, Strathroy, Sept. IS to	the ii. xt third ; then put on bouts and
lace them properly, to the satisfaction of the judge, and complete the rave.
W. J. Poupore, $10,
PROPRIETOR.
ROLLER MILL
For best matched and most stylish Car liage Team and Outfit in the county, driven hv their owner.
as $1,018,000
was almost the same which was the result <»f the boasted Lib eral policy.
Valuable Property
Wallace scored the Liberals fur nest Railway arrangement 1*. It., claiming they had
Mi
Geo. J. Bryson, Jr., $5
IS AGAIN IN GOOD WORKING
ORDER FOR THE MANUFACTURE OF
the Crow s with the C. given the railway a subsidy of $11,000 while the V. P. It. had agreed with Sir Charles Tapper to build the road for £5,0#Ml per mile. The alleged concessions obtained by the Liberals by way of reduced freight rates, he said, were of no value, because as the Conservatives had pointed out, the commercial necessities of the situation would prompt the C. P. R. to make such reduction as could be made, and this was found to be true, because the l
iness considerations made reductions more rapidly than it was required to do its agreement. Thus the Liberals had given £2,000,000 more than was necessary
Valuable Farm Property for sale, being the K Half of the N. E. Half of Lot No. 7 on ihe Fourth Range of Clarendon, containing fifty acres, more or less, all cleared, In an excellent mate of cultivation ami well watered.
On the premises are erected a dwelling house, stables, sheds and other out buildings.
For further particulars apply to
REV. E.S. MORRISON,
Hudson, P. Q.,
Hhawville, Que.
owner
First class Flour
Dr. D. B. Alexander, $5,
f '
Divided into prizes of £3 anti £2 for tests of speed, trotting ; double teams ; for all green horses without a mark in the countv, and driven by their owners.
\ Call Solicited
or H. MATHESON
JOSEPH BROWN,
PROMU KTOR
C
The Celebrated . - .
prompted by bus
P. R.,
Judicious
Advertising
C 4
H
NORTH WEST
under
Has proven itself to be the Best and most Economical Farmers’ Stove on
the market.
A Word to the Wise
INCREASES BUSINESS EVERY MONTH IN THE YEAR.
20
!
Is Sufficient.
Therefore we need not dwell on their many merits. Suffice it to •ay that anyone requiring a first-class article should call and see them before purchasing any other kind. It will be to your interest to do so.
Jos. A. Smith, $5.
Divided into prizes of £2.00, £1.30, £1.0n, for bicycle race twice around the ring: all competitors to be residents of the lmm
ty.
R.W. Ralph, $3,
£1.50. for bjst and heaviest pair of fowl; £1.50. for highest scoring pair of fowl.
G. F. Hodg’ins, Barrel of
Flour,
One bag for best pair of overstockings for gentlemen, with strings and tassels; one bag for best bouquet of home grown flowers.
Other Styles.
28
Merchants,
Mechanics
We have several other styles of Stoves on hand, eo that we are in a position to satisfy intending purchasers with anything they may require.
J
11 to
20
J
Tradesmen I B. J. BLACK, agent,
Simcoe Central, Barrie, Sept. 27 to 29
ouraska
:
5

r
s
and make
your business known to the public through
AT
UPPER THORNE CENTRE, QUE.,
»
PROPERTY LATELY OCCUPIED BY
H. Newham,
As sub
Membership Fee - $1.00,
Consisting of one acre of land on which is built : .
The Equity
EXHIBITORS’ TICKETS FREE.
ENTRANCE TO GROUNDS :
Children IOCts
Building 20x39 with addition 12x18, used as a store and dwelling.
Building 29x00 (2 stories) used storehouse.
erous
whose circulation
is steady,
well established, and reaches
the people who buy
every week.
as a
Adults 25Cts,
There is also erected on property
kitchen, woodshed and
a summer oil house.
gy Conveniently situated for a General Store.
E. GRAHAM,
For particulars apply to
f
W. W. IRELAND or, J. H. SHAW,
Sec.-Treas
Bhawvllle, Que

* jr
###PAGE###5###

\
?
P I

<
)
Hold on
nut of the house. Mrs. J whose cottage adjoins that of tho Ctrl* eon», was also severely burned and her cottage destroyed. The other cottages were owned and occupied by I). McKee, M. .Judd, and T. M. Williamson.
No fire-fighting apparatus of any kind is
kept on tho beach.
Horning
THE EQUITY,
:
JAN. HOPE & Co.
MANUFACTURING STATIONERS,BOOKBEL
111	1er*, Hook hi inter * *• Hrl hier*, etc, Depository
f me Ottawa Auxiliary UlhleSovlety,Ottawa, Out.
I
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISH KD KVr itY THURSDAY AT Hll AW VILLE, Vo. PONTIAV, QUE. SUBSCRIPTIONS!.00 A YEAH IN ADVANCE.
fr.qr No paper stopped until nil Arrearages e |,n|d, unless by special arrangement with ubllsher.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
To your Dollar
(
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
and
fig
NOTARY PURLI
RELIANCE LOAN AND BÀVINU8 CO., OF ONTARIO.
Will lie hi Slmwvlllv on the first Tuesday of vwry month and remain until Saturday morning following.
NOTARY FOU THE
JEWELLER
%

Head the liât of Spéciale offered at the Shaw ville Exhibition.
A SELECT STO< K Ok
WATCHES,
CLOCK 8, JEWELLERY. SILVERWARE dtc. Ac.
Until you get the dollar’s worth we give you for it. Every cent saved makes life easier. You can save many of them at our store. Our goods as well as our prices are always right.
A movement hits been inaugurated in Hull for the piirjKiHe of securing the release from St. Vincent do Until penitentiary of .Joseph Hiopelle, who was sentenced to four years’ imprisonment on the charge of manslaughter. Hiopelle was convicted of causing the death <»f Del phis I loyer, an Kurd ley farmer, while driving home from Ottawa one evening last October. The evidence on which Hiopelle was convicted was largely circumstantial and was not decisive enough on certain points. The petitioners state that the evidence was not sufficient to convict and n*k for executive clemency.
advertising RATES :
I,..nil advertising, eight rent* per line for flrMf insertion a ml four rents per lino for each subsequent Insertion.
Business raids not exceeding one Inch in* eei tud at ?« <*! per your.
lorn! announcements Inserted at the rate Hnawxllle
rive rents per line for first Insertion and Account» collected and prompt return « t nrrv rents for subsequent Insertions.	I made.
Commercial advertising by the month or f,»r longer periods Inserted hi low rates, which will be given on application.
XdvertlNomonts received without Instructions accompanying them will he Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
I

R. MITCHELL.
MAI1.IFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT for the District of Pontiac. Office. Main St.
ltr.vt
SHAWVILLE, Q.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN SIVJITIj, Proprietor.
s
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
f
A Good Cook wants Good Groceries......
The Shawville
FACTORY.
The spot spot for—
S4SII ami
tMMIR
JOB PRINTING
Cornelius Vanderbilt Dead
Ntw Yoik, Sept. 12.—Cornelius. Vanderbilt, er , died this morning at 5. 15 o'clock at his home 27th street and 5th ave nu?, this city. There were with him at the time of hi* death, his wife, hit daughter Uladye, and Reginald, his youngest son. Ho was 50 yea is of age.
\
A Fashionahm: Hant Cut Good Shampoo, or
A Clean Shave.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mail promptly Ht tended to.
We are the Banner House for absolutely . . CHOICE FRESH GROCERIES . . Customers can always rely on getting a
superior article.
ILL KINDS OF
JOHN A. COWAN
A'iV Your Turn next
Publisher
Interior & Eiterior
Agent for The STAR LAUNDRY oi Ottawa.
Articles to In* luimdrled forwarded every
Tuesday morning.
Business Cards.
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs
MEDICAL
MANUKA! TUBED
MR. McNAB DISMISSED
F. M.A. McNaughtoq,B4,M.D..C.M, District and Country.
e DOORS. HASH. NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, k<\ &• ,
Kept in st«>< k and made to ordt-r.
LUMBER DRESSED AT P0PULARPKICE8
OUR TEA AND COFFEE ARE FAVORITES.
Influence of New Westminster Grit Politicians Successful.
New Westminster, 1$. C., Sep*. 11 — The influence of the local Grit politicians
Graduate of McGill University
A tire, doing damage to the extent of Will occupy the office of Dr. H. KI. Knox ] $150, occurred at Matthew’s pork packing during his absence
Coffee ground while you wait.
<
factory, Hull, on Thursday
,\rcCREDIE& HODOINS
D. H. Alexander, m. D. c. ».	Threshing Season
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto; Graduate | a,ld Mutor Company.	a ^ellknown local Grit politician.	! T"> ^ ^
Furious gales raged along the Atlantic	_______m__________	JlI. i* U Ulbl vvlb •	•	•	•	•
om«R...D..C, : i. ii akhhtbon.v. Houhk. i much ‘Vh.ppfng’ andT numw’if '"li vea $18.000 Fire at Carleton Place.
MA,N 8TREKT * •,HAWV,LL1-	1 ^ “"»•	1 Carieton Place, 5^. 11-Fire broke
The Glen Falls pu’p mills at Riviere I out in the saw mill belonging to Mr. du Piere, on tho line of the Quebec and Robert Prestley, of Ashton, on Saturday Lake St. John Railway, with 1,000 morning, and resulted in the destruction
BOURBEil! RAINVILLE, L.L.L., |
iginated is a mystery. It had gained great headway before the alarm was giv.
t hed the prisoners Murray Clifford and then done to save the other building.,
Johnston, who are confined in Hull jail, tho tire g lon read from one t0 ,hti other
as the parties who participated in | till all were consumed. The loss is esti-bank robberies at Howmanville and Osh»
awa some time ago.
Estimates furnished
o
THE HULL ELECTRIC CO.
of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
The busy housewife will necessarily require an extra supply of
Cups, Saucers and Plates.
We have lately opened out an immense range of these Goods.
Cara run at Intervals of twenty minutes In the morning and fifteen minutes In t he after noon, daily, Sundays inc luded.
LEGAL.
Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, visit Shawville every Monday
Chief of Police Jarvis, of Bowman ville, arrived in Hull last week and iden
WILL
W. R. TAYLOR
Sec.-Trea*
WM. GAMBLE,
A LARUE AND WELL ASSORTED STOCK OF

BARRISTER, Ac.,
159 Main Street,..........
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over G. F. Hodglns1 Store, Main St.
mated at $18,000. No isurance
FANCY CHINA & GLASSWARE
Hull.
##»
• ••
An unfortunate accident, by which William Pednault lost his life, occurred
in McLaren’» saw mills at Buckingham, The Ottawa Citizen says—According about 8 o clock last Friday morning. Do- tQ the hte8t developments the sale of the —
artheb mcco.xnell,	’wVsitSÏ "*'
aSæSSS ïpîïSïïrîit: ïss,,3:^.sirÆ
ly answered.	„	mine, on which there is at present a shaft
VV1thbettl4UaWVl tflrelTbUrH R> °	Four draft horses belonging to E. B 90 feet long is showing up splendidly, and
mon '	Eddy were killed by an electric caron the a force of men will he immediately put to
IA/DIPUT Ayluier road on Sunday night last. The work on it. Modern machinery, steam Q tO*	W K I w H 1 y animals ran out of an open gateway on to hoists, drills, etc., will be installed, and
the track in front of a car that was run* the mine worked night and day. ningat the rate of 3.8 miles an hour. The present buildings of the mine have Twenty-five persons were on board at the been found inadequate f*>ix this purpose time, but no one was injured by the and new and more extensive ones will be «hock. The front of the cir was eome- erected immediately. The company s what damaged.	factory in the city is also found too small i —, ¦ tare
for the business and new premises will be , /X	H	y e
|Stevens rifles
The Father Quay Mica Mine
ALWAYS ON HAND.
S.—Table Cutlery a Specialty in our Hardware Department.
^ are guaranteed to be
? *
2
SAFE, SOLID, ACCURATE,
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
? i

» 4
VFrom tho
3
i	$6.oo 64Favorite”
to our most expensive ** Ideal.M
£ -------------------
>< The " IDEAL" No. 44 is a fine rifle. *
f ONE OF 01 R LEADERS, price only $10. ^ \ S tfegnd «ntee it in every respect. Noth- » < £ lag cheap about it but the price.	» <
Made regularly In .22. .25 end .32cal. * * V Ibre riui-flre, .25-20 STEVENS) .32*40, > « .3-4-55 and. 11-10 cenler.flre.	? <
^ IN SPECIAL SIZES, #12.00. J !
Sir.dstc.7tip f 'r complete Catalog and
Hand Book.	T
1
advocate, barrister,
230 Main St ,
(Old Registry Office, opposite Court House.)
Law business lu District ot Pontiac attend ed to.
Hull. Que-,
GrO to
SHAWVILLE.
Owen Sound, Sept. 7.—A sad drown- secured ing accident happened on Sunday at the The American company has every rea-home of Mr. Chae. McPhatter, Kemble. ROn to believe that the Father Quay mine
Clerk of the District Magistrates'Court. I His little two year old daughter was hH f.ir frol,i being worked out, and it is nUsiouer and Conveyancer. Deeds, I playing near a ha f barrel tub of water, likely other properties will also l*e secur Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satis j and luting her balance fell across the edge Lj. In fact, this company is at present faetorily. '	of the barrel. The little one's face was a , buying up all the mica in sight for cx-
QUE. couple of inches under water, and as she |	it is used almost conclusively for
had not sufficient strength to recover her | electrical purposes, and as this held is WILI IAJ1 ELLIOTT	I position, she was drowned before her constantly growing in Europe and Amer-
T") ah iff OF the SUPERIOR COURT I mother discovered her.	i icatho demand cannot l»v satisfied. The
B Shawvllle . Que., respectfully solicits j	* e * q w n p	nn price paid for the Father Quay mine can-
SSSr* |
false arrest in connection with the robbery of the bank’s branch at Napanee dismissed yesterday by the Divisional Court with costs. The appeal was from the decision of Mr. Justice Street, who refused to postpone the case at Cubourg and dismissed it.
i
W. W. IRELAND,
Planing, Matching Dressing
For anything and everything in the line of - - -
Stoves,
i«
Tinware,
W. STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL CO., ^
P 0. Box
CHICOPEE FALLS, MASS,
SHAWVILLE
Furnaces,
Cistern Pumps, Roofing or Evetroughing.
$
v.
and
? A
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
Mr. W. H. Sills, president of tho com pany, w ho is at present in the city, de dines to say anything in the matter merely confirming the report of the pur chase of the mine.
LUMBER OF ALL KINDS
done at
reasonable rates.
GENERAL.
J ooloing and Repairing
warn
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
»	_¦ Samples Free
J. J. TURNER,
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
Pontiac. Hales conducted lu a business-1 ike and satisfactory manner. Goods or articles of any kind taken ami disposed of by public or private sale on reasonable terms. Jubile sales conducted at ShawvlUe once a month. A variety of articles always on
Shawville.Que.
SALE OF TIMBER LIMITS.
Four Parcels Belonging to the Firm of Booth & Hale Brought
$431,000.
all demanda supplied for
Omemee, Ont., Sept. 7.—Yesterday afternoon while threshing at Mr. Costello’s farm, seven miles from here, Michael Powers, ci Downey ville, met with a fatal accident. They were just finishing and Powers attempted to cross over the machine but slipped into the cylinder. His legs were torn from his body and before medical aid could be obtained he expired, lie was 18 years of age and leaves a wid owed mother.
Des Joachims Bridge Down. -
On Saturday last the interprovincial bridge at Des Joachims, which had been threatening to fall for about ten years, at last collapsed. Fortunately no one was it when it fell, but a woman had a narrow escape, just crossing about five minutes before. It is hoped that a sub stantial structure will soon be erected to take the place of the old rickety thing that was meant for a bridge.—Pembroke Standard.
Neatly and promptly executed at low prices. Good workmanship guaranteed.
ROUCIj AND DRESSED LUMBER.
WM. BARBER
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
lia ml for sale; Office
J. G. ELLIOTT
Montreal and Toronto,
Court Shawville,
No 276.
Timber limits belonging to Booth & Hale, of Pembroke, were auctioned in the Russell House rotunda on Wednesday . The territory offered consisted of 170 miles of the limits in the Georgian Bay district. Mr. Peter Ryan was auctioneer, and the following lumbermen were present at the sale :	Messrs. J. R
Booth, Claude McLachlin, of Arnprior Morris Quinn, Hun. Peter XX lute, P broke; Hon. John Charlton, Norfolk; A. Charlton, E. Sparrow, Michigan; A. E. Dyment, Thessalon; and Thomas Pitts, Bay City, Michigan.
At the sale, parcel No. 82, on t lie north shore of Lake Huron, was bought by Mr Thomas Pitts, of Bay City, the price paid being #315,000. The limits are thirty-miles in area, and amongst the most valuable in the province.
Parcels Nos. 2, 3 and 4 in Butte township, on the O. A. &. P. S. railway, were bought by Mr. J. R Booth for #75,OOO. Mr. Booth was bidding independent of the partnership existing between himself and Mr. Hale. These limits contain in all 37J miles.
Parcel No. 5, consisting of limits Nos. 136 and 137. on the Serpent river, was bought by John Charlton, M. P.
$30.000. *	,	, ,
Parcel No. 6, consisting of the whole of the township of Spragge, twenty-eight miles in area, was bought by R. Brooder, Ottawa, for #10,300. These limits have all been worked upon, hence the low price.
By private sale Messrs. Booth & < rar-secured the limits on the Vermilion river, 7 3-4 miles in area.
The sale was held to wind up the affairs of the firm, tho senior partner of which died recently. The amount realized #431,000, is regarded a satisfactory return, considering the limits have been cut over once.
An Earthquake
I.0.F
DALE BROS.
Ft
m
Always creates a lot of excitement. Incidentally we might remark that our splendid and well selected stock of general merchandise is creating a like amount of excitement amongst the purchasing public, the cause being our very low prices.
Meets the 4th Wednes day of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. 8. Barnett, F.s
P AT E N T S

SHAWVILLE, QUE
— Highest Prices paid tor Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Eggs.
V
P. S.
PROMPTLY SECURED
L.B.C
Write for our interesting books ' .Indent ora Help" and “How you are swindled. Send us a rough sketch or model of year
invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion aa to whether it is probably patentable. We make a specialty of applications rejected in other humid. Highest references furnished.
MARION & MARION PATENT SOLICITORS & EXPERTS
Civil A Mechanical Fuglneers. Graduates ofthe Polytechnic School of Engineering. Bachelors in Applied Sciences. Laval University. Members Patent Law Association, American W ater Work» Association. N«w England Water Works Assoc. P. q. Surveyors Association, Assoc. Member tan. Society of Civil Engineers.
NEW YORK LIFE BTD’C., MONTREAL CAW. ATLANTIC BUILDING., WASHINGTON, D C.
J. A. Cowan, It 8
em
Hugh Hobbs, C. It
The Farmer
HOTELS,
on
Sixteen thousand cotton and jute work ors at Dundee are out on strike.
will find us prepared to supply his every need. We have everything he requires from a plough to a suit of clothes
St. Lawrence Hall,
whose columns overflow
A newspaper	¦
with advertisements of business men has more influence in attracting attention to building up a town than any;other agency that can he employed. No power on earth is so stron ed build up a town as newspaper well patronized, and its power should be appreciated
• 9
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
flood Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
The Housewife
six
The Ottawa Carbide Company, with a capacity of five tons of calcium carbide per day, started work last week. This factory is the pioneer in the industry eo far as Ottawa is concerned. It was start el as an experimental plant some months ago by Messrs. J. XV. McRae and H. Larmouth. Carbide of an excellent quantity was turned out and after tho work had been carried on for some time it decided to increase the capacity.

a
Will also be pleased to learn that our stock of groceries and household necessities was never so large and complete. We have everything she may require to make the home happy and comfortable.
OFFICES
pQtjJIAC HOUsp
*
50 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
Two Farmers Struck by Lightning and Killed.


i

ATENTS

In Conclusion,
Dicton, Ont., Sept . 8.—During a heavy thunder storm which passed over this section about 3 o’clock last evening, Rob-8. Dainard, living about ten miles
from here while driving a team of h<
struck and instantly killed The horses were also kill-

for
sr
was
New machinery was put in, and the plant has now started to work and will turn out the carbide regularly.

Suffice it to say we have everything usually kept in an up-to-date general store.
¦0

ert
Trade Marks Designs Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch nnd description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an Invention la probably patentable. Communications strict iy confidential. Handbook on I at enta sent free. Oldest agency for securing patents.
Patents taken through Munn A Co. receive ipecial notice, without charge, in the
Scientific American.
rues
Err
to water, was
by lightning.
Hamilton, Ont., Sept. 6.—-A fire broke out in the cottage owned by G. (>. Carlson, on the north side of the piers nt Hamilton Beach early this morning, and before it had burnt itself out five cot. tages were in ruins, together with most of their contents. The fire is supposed to have originated in the kitchen of Mr. Carlson’s cottage. The mother of Mrs. Carlson, an old lady who slept in the room alone, was cremated in the tire, and Mrs. Carlson was severely burned in getting
SILAS YOUNG
Starke’s Corners.
I
cd
Peterboro, Ont., September 3.—During a thunder storm which passed over this section about five o’clock last even-William Forester, a farmer living
struck
1

11
row

mg
nhoiit four miles out of town, was by lightning and instantly killed Forrester was harrowing with a team of homes in his son's^field when he met his death. He was 53 years old.
To PATENT Good Ideas
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Lnreeet clr eolation of any aclentifl* Journal. Terms. S3 a year; four months. $L gold by all newsdealers.
iBUttïSïsSeï#
Mr
may be secured by our aid. Address,
THE PATENT RECORD, Baltimore. Md
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
c. CALDWELL,
proprietor

###PAGE###6###
/
\
>
t
X
V
v
THE RETIRED BUELAR.
froon n *h<>t gun; bub It didn’t do any damage; it was dark and by that Unit* l wiih a little too far off to Iw hit by a man whose aim wan likely under mi oh «ircumst tnoea to more or leas unoar tain anyway. But there had I Mien danger enough in hanging head down on the aide of the house from a second storey wondow and taking the chance on getting righted up Iwfore you etru'k Uhj ground and I made up my mind that one try with the I ra;*cze was all [ wanted; I was satisfied after that with cellar windows, and that sort of thing "
ADVICE TO SINGERS.
country hut little traversed by olvlllz- the others made haste to noose the e<i man.	struggling serpent. Their shouts and
To enter into the details of his voy- cries brought host (lano and a dozen age, or to briefly catalogue his many of his servants to the spot. They cur-1
sci ntifir dlsoovvilee would only weary ried my brave rescuer and myself to HIS UNFORTUNATE EXPER1ENC I the reader.	Hie little tent, and we were brought | WITH A FLYING TRAPEZE.
He was much surprised one day, af- hack to consciousness. Except the
of-ihe-way Mi ts of the globe to atmly ( d^nlv come upon an extensive clearing had suffered no damage. I was less the characteristics of reptiles and col- on the right twink of the river.	fortunate, the terrible hugging 1 had
h‘Ct fresh specimens of rare species.	I Ik* well-built house and other out- teceived hail so bruised my body that
buildings, and the carefully-cultivated for several weeks l was confined to fields surrounding it, were a handsome my bed sight to the professor, and he made a
Landing.
Great was his surprise to be received af t h* little wharf fronting the huddle of buildings by a fair-skinned man. who addressed him in English and bade
HOW HE WON HIS WIFE.
I'MllI
rm'nuiltfut t.iiiplojr<l by Mme
Kale* by fl hlvls to Preserve Ibe loler
My friend, Professor Jtimes Rodman, is a member—active or associate—of a
of scientific societies.
1 don’t believe in coddling myself and making my throat too tender." «aid Mme. Patti to a young who «ought her advice vocal powers at their full by extreme care, but you will notice, if you have been told of my rules of life, that I’ve never made myself sensitive to slight
score oi more
woman
A NfMiid Nl«n l'.xi»rrlni('Nf Thai Mr MaiIc On Only Onm Ofrnnlun Untie a MUr.tl rnlallon nn«l » rut I rauhln* 1 hruusli I lie leln*».
“Once in the course of my expexd-Pnquita wan my nurse, I ence, anti only once," Haiti the retired
1 kept any
About a ytNiv ago I parted with him on the wharf as he was sailing for La tiunira, Venezuela.
lie was bound ou a long trip through the almost uupenet ruble jungles that line both banks of lbe Anima River—
#1*V, r - wv0.k \ . tmd ttn “I>lMir- abltvlooking ho,me in a town I had 1 ? ,° Vlewin8 t he lug boa. 1 was made a few visits to that summer t hat
Ï had a
mighty Orinoco—ami 1 received only	1	w*8 f*’° f*xx n*‘1	f)ie Ah-	, !11 ' . ,nu, ^«Ip shudder mg when 1	me. It was always open, t ha lower
c.uv leltttr from him. announcing hi»	w ,>.m	who had ,mtgr»t«d to lb,»	hough! o ray fnmnd Wing orusImU to	L,„h thrown up hack of the upper; but
t...r ",   -, I................."?.....r	""""' —"	rz:.".:
\osterdaj. however, when 1 a» un- daughter of a weal hy Venezuelan	—-?-	.oof to reach it by, where it seemed
don an.I his household was now man-	F ACT AND BEAUTY.	In fact perfectly safe It» leave it broad
aged b.v lus only daughter	Pat,u.ta.	open as they did. day and	,light, lie-
(lus wife having died about three years	In some far-away	tune when the	cause nobody could reach it	without a
previous	P'rftH't-ability of the hum in rave I i.ltlri. Rut l ncvn lookvd 11 i hit I at I he absurdity of the verse and I he I
\ km: v m ing a brother monarch shall be an accomplished fact then window without thinking of what an oddity of the custom that permitted nover P*iss from a heated room to ilia
4;rJ5|spf EEi™™	g*£S^ SS
from South America yesterday, and	,l*sl	h	ms. If. and told	his gutst mm>	,^uje .,,asl|c Rt,jnirS wu»| 3o much na-	was a big tree, with atout, h g branch-	bowing :	ef	11	all,	the lobby, the vestibule and
Th,. postscript m arly tuck my breath	£ »	him'but %'%!	k'r,'iU «‘«‘wledge ; labor and you Dall	as practically g,H»d as ten miles as far	Aml „ l live the ruving wind» re-
Es:~ F - — -
Bouncing	the	fact	that	there	was a ^ ( uns|j* ‘ <*ssful.	m>i help you, nor labor; knowledge, of j	t roe by a trapeze, unde fast to that	mu	lo	in mace "
Mrs. Rodman	two	or	three times.	1 ll4’ Ku>wnig dear upt ion he	gave of a	cerium kind, may,	perhaps. You	straight stretch of limb.	I'd just
wTira.iX'KîK sstfK	^ ",i"r 5*. sssz&rxt ,*s&>*z
but the professor was such an ardent * Het , tin i,,jhum - »f t lu nions er.	îe question of Beauty vs. NN ,1V	, rouldn t swing on mis well 1 he widow saw it was not good
woman-hater—he had had an iufoi tun-	1 u‘ 1 'llN pm po-^* tie made seveia 1- asciuatiou is periodically agitated, enough to land on that window sill d'or her to dwell alone,
ate love experience early in life— that lriPs in ’ t.lu’1 J|,flu‘- generally >*‘in&'Tiie del ini lions of fascination are many anyway.	And so I he heart she gave to Wood,
Vïïï&r ess asnsSwU	s *- —« -	1	- •** **» vr  — •* •
dying a ainffle mm	a small army of servants who vainly 1> covers the whole ground oi a fus-
lookod	i	vitiating	charm is "luci."
ban-lv Time to dre^ !n l hV.-rLl home 1 l,oa.	! iruly tactful woman is seldom very to niaka some little experiments and Wolves sometimes take our sheep by
with all ^Jd 1	'	1 n 1	Tliev had selected as their base of young, for she must have a knowledge **« Ju«t how lon^ the trapeze would	night,
It iÏpLhTan min,it,w fiv,. „vi ujMTatioiw a little, cleived sikit ill the oT the woriel ana its shims beiure she have to lie to strike the window sill. And Millers take our grain,
Wdwn ,h.A nil	h,d .»vr,	Jt	H«I	mA	mi.lst of	(he jungle. Where a gaudy	can combat them. A rounded chin	1 twd the string with the nail weight And when these two their trades
down at the	«toor t f	h*	M*trn,nl«	trnt was	erected, amt hammocks were	with u pretty dimple is a very small	»» the horizontal limb, and swung it	unite,
I It n,mv Irl ! xv .J mVn.'di- swung IkMweeo the great trees that pan of her anatomy, yet it is worth	another limb back of it, fun her Where is our safety then?
atelv shown to the nrofessor's mirt- >x ailed in i lie ivisis.	j noue to a woman than all the wisdom away from the hoi we, the limb that 11 a. gleam of ho;w springs o’er my
* 8	1	1 p	1	1 one day, with the beaters were busy oi Common. And a pair of beuuutul intended to swing from myself when 1
«£«« SaH-iS?: B3 HEBESi
d nee o™'the	uresence	of	one	of	i h ,	N .zmp	a small han l-nvt. he rushed	dreu we are shaped to this end. We	«'ar.l I < ou!d put my feet and leg»
fairer IV	presence	or	me	or	the	u>w;|rd the bright-hued fellow, but it	are told that we cannot go into the	through the window, and be ml ern
• Ml. .viL	•. ...Cl thA nrf, lumbly esLVilk-d him, darting down one *uu to play, because, our i'aoes will be- dl>xxn “nd Jj0}*1 011 •>>' Vm there inside
ilHlSsI slgSIllSI ipSpg; :ssps;r................................................................................................
, ,wumin . 1 PT Î uvd, amt ttie planter, fearing that the watch the little buys at their happy	h»u*'. and when I fume Imk to A modest little flower.	"It lhere are any epecul rules bj
rt a. hi t Hi! f J' „ unprotected nature of his friend’s play, then go aud thread a string of tll° window, loaded up, I was going to "Mr. David H. Cook to Misa Laura which I have preserved my voice the, in t.niil talking to you mm	h.xid and viol, ut exertion might pro- hr.ght heads for our aeek. We stand g<’t on the trapeze and cast louse and. Mariner.	are pretty well indicated in what 1
BnHMttl
served alwuvs outs me in th« hnst f s^ie heard,	with vvhirli#uols of envy and an un- tised this and I kept my feet and legs	HER DRESSMAKERS.	apt to become dry and hard, in cold aj
humor	x	I And presently, parting, the vines, de now of censure. Nothing daunted straight out in front of me and ready v	whn h.vA th* r*r Iwel1 aa in warm weather
1 nr* rather an ab^temitum mm in ehe 8aw her father’s guest struggling sue pushes her tiny bark from the to curve ’em through the open window	J* ‘	, *L ,8	\ t | give advice. It’fl a little thing
the matter	of	wines	beinir	somewhat	in ,hrt 001 ls of !l gigantic serponf.	ifhore, and sometimes she is carried	when I cuine to it, and then drop ’em	man Empress would believe that she ^ yet effect* big results.	When you	an
of v sufferer from	gout	and	the	nro-	I Iie big reptile was wound about the	over the falls, at the head of which	and clinch ’em there ; but somehow 1	spends money extravagantly on her , out doors always keep	a bit of oand'
feasor is a total abstainer	scientist's body like a cable and was stands the rock Success. Do you sup- had made a miscalouliition in trying dress, yet she is said to keep 12 women in J°ur mouth—not to eat, but to die
:,« ¦ ,td	w.zrr;.: txtz’üt. & —» -h»- - --	vs:
joined Mrs Rodman in the drawing- sLe saw with horror that it was purple, to give tea parties and talk small instead of thrusting my feet through under the supervision of a maid of them moist.
}.(X)m	1	g"	and that the imprisoned man’s eyes	scandal ? No, he would have risen;	the open space of the lower window I	honor.	When	about	<o take	a journey	“1	never go out,	summer	or	winter
were starting from their sockets.	but instead of a, man great and	jabbed them both plumb through the	,bat	inv„ivt,8	some	special	ceremony,	ridinK-	driving	or	walking,	without	,
She realized his awful peril, and king.y, with all his sms, he would have double sash above, up to my knees. 1	,	.	.	.	.	. cho.olate caramel In mv m >uth lettim
knew that unless he was instantly re-	left one of those names which stain the	let go of the trapeze In the excite-	s lv emPl°ys ^0 dressmakers, and when ^ dissolve as slowly as	pissible •'
leased his life would soon be crushed	leaf of every history—the name of a	ment, which 1 don’t think was surpris-	she at lends a wedding the Empress rewoman who feels within herself a pow-	ing, and the next instant 1 was hang-	quires 15 new gowns. For state occa-
Pale and trembling, and wringing	er ; but being denied the right to ex-	ing bead downward outside; with my	«ions court irowns are made in Vienna
her bleeding h inds despairingly, she excise it openly, she rules in the dark, bag, that I had my tools in, that I had	.
looked about for some weapon to give covertly and by stealth, through the carried by a strap over my shoulder,	are	80	long that the trains have
the monster combat.	men whose passions she feeds on, and dangling down below me now with the
Hidden among the undergrowth was by whom she climbs. They tell us we strap around my armpit, a tree limb of generous size. Seizing are not forced to use our youth and •‘When X smashed through thoe-s two this, she crept cautiously toward the	beauty; that we are free agents! Yes,	windows I made us much noise as
serpeni, whi h. with blazing eyes, was	and a cat set afloaù in a pond is free	vou’d hear in blowing up a crockery
tighten ng its coils and hissing loudly,	to sit in the tub till it dies there ;	factory, and I knew, of course, that it
She had to be careful lest a blow in- neither is the drowning man forced to would only be a mighty short time be! tended for I he snake should strike, the clutch at the proverbial straw. It is a fore there was somebody around, aud professor, and in moving about for a glorious liberty 1 The plain girl, the I made a great effort to get free. I point of vantage, her f..ot was plunged woman who is old and ugly and poor, knew I wou 1 d go smashing down on to the ankle in a mound of soft earih. looks in vain for men's chivalrous at- the ground, but I wanted to take the Almost instantly her lower limbs be- tentions, but she does not find it. ch inces on that rather than be caught, gan to smart and sting, as though red- The bees are very attentive to the and 1 didn't hesitate at all alx>ut try-hot needles were being thrust into the flowers till their honey is done, then ing to pull my legs out from those flesh.	they fly over them. Perhaps the windows, though I knew I should fall
She realized that she had disturbed flowers feel grateful to the bees; they the minute 1 got ’em out. a nest of fire ants, and knowing the are great fools if they do. pugnacious character of these pestiferous insects, she determined to make : them her ally in rescuing the profes-
%
exposure.
"Of course r great deal of rubbis* has been written about my dread oi taking cold, and 1 have been informed of the eccentric means 1 use to avoid It has been said that 1 have all my clothing marked with cabalistic signs, and that a variation of a few degrees in the weather will cause mi to add to or take fiuui in y clothing, si and so many ounces of underwear read also ill one crazy paper that
JVTAHH1AGIÎ VERSES
Obituary verst's, while nowadays regarded by most people as superfluous, if nothing worse, are not so uncommon as to occasion great surprise marriage verses have ho completely gune out of fashion, that, when one rum# across them in old magazines or Imper* of 7Ô to 80 years ago, ho cannot; refrain from a hearty laugh both
one of the western tributaries of the him welcome
it
Hut
teivd into my club for lunch, the porter handed me a note, wtfich he said
1
1
the
h id been left by n gentleman night before.
It read as follows, und was signed
Mr. Henry M. Locke to Miss Oath- finally to pass into the street, is an
ope: at ion which takes me half an bum,
'AVCL1MA 11SINJ • MY.‘-'ELI
a;s i go I
"All that is rubbish, of course—that is, it is rubbish to say that 1 took uuy such time. I'm careful, as every singer should be, to avoid sudden aud violent changed; but, ou the other hand, 1 would warn you not to make yourself too lender, and invito cold by the iuex# porience of slight exposure.
"Harden yourself; build up your con.
stiiutiou; don't occupy overheated
rooms at any time; live out of doors at
least for two hours every day, and
walk and drive. That's my advice
Then, don't be afraid to breathe plenty
of good, fresh air, even if the weather
is cold. The people who go about with muffled throats, overburdened with wraps—men singers who turn up tin collars of their coats at the slightest breath of air aud women singeis whe hide themselves in a mass of carriage rugs and cover their faces with lacei and woollen when carriage driving— are the ones who first begin to cough
"On the other hand, don't go to ex t renies and expose yourself in raw, damp air, especially at nightfall. Ik sensible, and preserve a happy mediuq between wise caution and
FOOLISH CODDLING.
Mr. Thomas Lemoine to Mrs. Susan
St tine
"Mr. Harry Miller to Miss Magdalene Wolf.
i
A NAIL FOIL A WEIGHT,
brow,
In this dark, dismal gulf ; r the Wolf has caught the Miller
now,
The Miller stole the Wolf."
Mr. Alvah Finch to Miss Harriet
Weed

i
I
am
Let mi
am
She was very young — not more than eighteen, I should judge — and it looked to me like a genuine love-match.
"Here are some fine native cigars, colonel," said the professor. "Paquita does not object to smoking."
When I lighted a cigar and leaned hack in my chair, Mrs. Holman drew an ottoman up to her husband, and seated herself at his knee insuch a position that she could look up into his face, and at the same time give her guest courteous attention.
The professor glanced down into lier upturned face, gently patted her hair, and said:
"I told you before dinner that but for Paquita's bravery I would not be here today will tell you why."
She laughed, her face flushed, aud she said:
“You have my permission, if you will confine yourself to the facts. M nection with the adventure was a very trivial one, for I was badly frightened, and really would have been able to
nrea.mt‘s^ ^ ^ """ °£	With .hi, idea, she bent forward and
••That-s all nonsense. Paquita/' con- 8trut* ^ a"a^ " »h»rp blow with the tradicted her husband, good-naturedly. tr?,®. inl1 sbe had picked up.
"But the colonel shall judge for him- With an nngry h.se. the serpent Uart-
aelf what measure of credit is your f tov'".,rd hekr’ u^8'!18 lh,u b?dy of due. I am only sorry lhat the mon- 1,8 T,otlm’ who had relal*,ed ™t0 un" ster who might have been my death co5?(^lousness.
has not yet passed the customs auth- The wnthmgs of the serpent further orities. You shall see him as soon as d‘aturubed a"d enra««d the ants, and
^,el him oui aud have him properly	.warm ^.r ^ .ajy
and when he had finished I declared hot. bar8ame,dk t0 "“*• hlun« *p that Mrs. Rodman was altogether too madn,esa by an!.8' tb® monster hern .dost in making light of the great	J6,îx ,lte co!l8labo?t
service she had rendered a man whom *^d?a,,oi y' and thrash about to you will be forced to acknowledge was rU* ,l"elf °f the swarm of ants.
g-zKz'awr •pr-
the necessary crew and attendants, 4 i'y* m;(U ,,	.	. ,
SSLSSTtf ÎS&5 tifd-F 23 "" '	" '
Araztca River.	"Ifc 80 happened," said the profes-
At this point he outfitted hie little sor- in conclusion. "that several of the craft with provisions end other neces- bush beaters heard her cry and rush-ry supplie*, and early one morning f0 *pot. While two or three of started on hie long joureey into a ] T	attended to Paquita and myself,
«
out
A WOMANS TRAITS
A certain philosopher declares *ha
to be carried to enable the Empreati a woman is known by her mouth. No to walk, and are frequently studded by the words that issue therefrom with jewels. The rule at the German but by the shape and color of the lips court makes it impossible for the Em- aû(* the lines and dimples that gathei
press to appear twice at the state | about this important feature functions iu the same costume, and much of the work done by the 12 dressmakers is in making alterations so that the rule may nut be broken and I with the fact that no woman with tin
the dresses may have a different look, | small, red lipped, "Cupid bow," moutl even though they are in reality the The Empress, when in full
Some of
He it
supported in his theory by pbysiqgno mists, who all endeavor to impress ui
so praised in song and story, was evM
intellectual or generous of heart, and
it is consoling to those whose mouth#
#	,	Rut. Rut she has some beautiful gems, giv- | are not in accordance with the lines o:
though I'd lost the trapeze iu that cm to her by the Emperor at their
and a beautiful collection of to her by the late Empress
With her permission I
en me
dress, wears many jewels these are the property of the crown
beauty laid, down by the poets to b# told that a "wide, straight mouth with strong, white teeth," denote! the woman of superior intelligence goodness of heart, strength of mind and a (thousand and one other sterling qualities which we all like to thin? wo possess, ft is the fashion at pro» send to hold the lips very slightlp apart. This is supposed to give that innocent, wistful, wonderful exprès sion which was the peculiar properties of the heroines of old-fashioned novels but which bicycle riding and kindred amusements have caused to vanish. It is difficult for the thin lipped, determined woman to acquire this trick, but perseverance works wonders.
y con-
one moment’s excitement when 1 struck the windows. I was cool enough now, und I was figuring on how to get the window sill, which 1 couldn’t quite touch now, and so break my fall somewhat, when I did get free, and above all things turn myself over so that when I did go down I’d strike the ground on my feet and not on my head.
marna pearls
Augusta. Empress Friedrich is most economical in matters of dress, and so are, the majority of women who come to'the German events. At the so-called "schleppe cour," or "train court," which corresponds to a presentation In England, the costumes are not brilliant. The most necessary thing is a train of satin of a certain length Some of these trains appear to have becin in use for years, and they are
as I pulled on ’em, and I sett led down I f1aat,,'n’vl ?n <° various dresses, which until I could touch the sill lielow with ,	. ? from Ume to time at the
my fingers. Then I heard the bed ini dxawl“*' rooms of the Empress, that room jouncing under somebody springing up out of it—you see all this that it takes me some time to tell
you about really happened in next to I Marriage in Spain take» place by day no time at all and I know if I was or at night, according to the fortune of
” just°yankod ^nd* smashed toth fn Iife.1 T( “we7%^d7 Lhe^ceremony I °r "baby hatcher'’’ oI a new kLn,X hal myself c,r,rorth.K&ndti WANTED IT TO BE IN HARMONY.
IZS-sbsfL1-H
8*.
left
SHE ALSO CHANGED HER MIND.
A young/ couple in a Lancashire village had been courting for several years. The young man one day said to i he woman :
Sail, 1 canna marry thee.
Hows that? saked she.
I vp changed my mind, said he.
Well, I'll tell you what we'll do, said she. If folks know that it's thee a*sl bias given me up, I slianna be able to get another ebap ; but if they think (hat I've given you up. then 1 can get another chap. So we'll have banns published, and when the wedding day cornea the parson will say to thee ’Wilt thou/ have this woman to be thy wedded wife ? and bha muai say T will.’ And when he says to me, 'Wilt thou have this man to be thy wedded husband? I shall say I winna.
The day came, and when the minister said. Wilt thou have this woman to ha thy wedded wife? the man answered :
I will.
Then the parson said to the woman:
Wilt thou have this man to be thy wedded husband? and she said:
I will.
Why, said the young man. furiously, you said you would say 1 winna.
1 know that, Said the young woman, but I've changed my mind since.
sor
:>
"I yanked one log partly clear and then the other, the glass rattling and
THE SASHES SMASHING
l
MARRIAGE IN SPAIN
NEW BABY INCUBATOR
What the French call a "couveuse,"
l
###PAGE###7###
HEALTH.
e™=™=ii ssSüS * 'm SIEE:
*B#HHÉeaBw
=£âPiü|lliIiSS I"ÊE^:iSÏESs lülüi| ;EfEü
ThuSi Ahia» <l	a truly wonderful ring was given to sometimes assume extraordi- three days had been discovered and the end of another month ' bings ha'- j- jne When the owner is an individus
....
vt a 1	*	..	.	dim ,,f lions. Says the Itov. C. W. .King: " I h« \ery ,y worried about the failing health of pulled the poor wretch through and At any rate we have preserved our self »lhree oun,ea 0f rosewater,
ring the mou i o	.	.	first sight of this jewel sufficed to hp|. inafnt# The milk was suspected, avoided spreading the infection. 1 had resect, our health and our e o ies. One ounce of glycerine.
Israelites, n	forming in itself a complete cabinet of a salive officer of the district, and to-1 proceeded to explore. I unfastened the And then we had dejeuner—the very
counterfeit letters ordeimg e • eV4>ry kind of precious stone, of cedor wMng a satisfactory reply, drove Canvah and peeped in. Although it finest meal I have ever eaten in the
: h	was	follow^^l^^^^^mH^Hi^^PI
—;-1	—©id the metal diameter, composed of several cemcen- where the ass w.«h to be waiting.	curled in blankets fast asleep, two on ,.,t l>y ;m fr|8h stew, and slewed peaches A woman is the West End of Londoâ
were made was oi pu^. * , ulelitiali peo- trie circles, joined together by t ho 'jo her amazement, there, tied to a stretchers and *m© on the ground. The and coffee. The conversation over the follows the peculiar calling of wrinkle UîUUvl1n«Vuot ouIV rings» un their Hu- spokes radiating from the center m ^ aj, ready to he milked, stood a sudden intrusion of broad daylight meal and for some time after '	removing,	and	claims	that	if	she	can*
g«i«, but also in their nostrila ami cars. whi<h wa« a !arge round.sa^phijB. huge ghe bear, It seems that in the awakrned the latter. He «at up-a	an	head.	“	We	uot always remove wrinkles she can .*
Aliropi» oi this cMasluin, reaching alown	va|ueK	exre|>l	the diamond,1 naiive dialect, the words ass and hear tuwzltid| unkempt figure.—and in the s[) ,uUI h:lv(, g„t at it all right, butja great measure p,event them, if he*
to a later date, Mr. abribes thv occurred in this glorious company. On an. RO nearly alike as to be scarcely free an,j frequent language of the for Jim, who having once been a store- instructions are faithfully carried out. ^'4 “f in Arab sheikh «whom he met, th*‘ hick was fixed the shank and w|??« ! distinguishable in the mouth of ft common people domanded to know who keeper on a mine, insisted that t »c Much, she declaie . depends upon thtj
^SHSH3?‘S5^rqSe«.OT*,itsr.k=r-r^,5Sa»“^;=-=:^ri3l
SiüSü ISSEEI	ISlifr;:;
rings ‘«tended to Ul ui tne	dangers of ©very possible charac- Taking a bit of sponge, he covered ment, then (greeted me with the 1 Hal- fused to assent, on the ground that a ^rh ad frowning, twisting the mouth.
.Scïæîk	ststs	w—
IhISShIi i	r,IE —[TO„ EHEHEE;
(he XVaterton Dactyliotheca, and is and numberless magic powers were as- of (hf, Blythswood. Money began to several theories, Horn suicide to irau r went away with longings,
KgsSi warn Hail B®»b§ fills;
****SB:
subsequently termed the jus an- wh(jfle passlonat* grief became now rak^_Lhe bank that pays no interest for months, with no pi P° ‘ K,n	heart,
mmmmmÊM wmmmm:
isgHSSï 52~ï=	asassss»-
With the increasing love of luxury ®	in walking by its margin, inle^rity was iron, and whose heart the quietest holiday 1 w ‘.v^r	\ if Through all my hopes and fears.
gæZMMê «sesss g see
tmm
¦fee
finger rings.
CAKE UE YOUK HANDS.
There is » great knack in using tW hands gracefully which seems to b4 hut little understood by girls and woJ
Hands blush
won in* who carelessly toys with »mmo4 banda upm her fingers
I lv
i
the g<
Di
their
2
red
di<
ary ti> many
BDV©
turned in turc#, from which it
they were
use
________ •	to be found in his- dominions. Its form
The earliest materials of which rings W;is that of a wheel, ah *ut 3 inches in
TO REMOVE WRINKLES
of that unfortunate man
the hardest to deal with*/
not
an
coun-
lid relates chiefly to perfectly,
WORRY STOPS DIGESTION.
The cat has served to teach mankind all-.mportaut lesson corn ei n ng the working of the stomach directed upon a cat's stomach have de* monstrated that any irritation or disagreeable nervous excitement arrest*
the process of digestion Lange, of Munich, who makes a special study of the stomach, performed # series of experiments, which resulted in this interesting discovery. After, the cat had eaten the X-rays were turned on, and Dr animal's stomach, the cat by placing a live mouse just beyond its reach. Dr. Lange was abU to observe that digestion was absolutely interrupted by the irritation of th<
Briefly stated, the lesson fox and women is; Don’t let anything bother or interrupt your dinne.
an
lhe X-ray*
!
Dr. Frit*
Lange watched tb* Then he irritated
I
was
animal
men
COLDS.
I have noticed that persons who suf fer most frequently and severely front colds usually insist that they exercis< the greatest care to avoid exposure
Thus says a wrtier in P pular Sci n (
Monthly and, continuing, says “The> have dressed in the warmest clothing, wrapped the neck in ih< heaviest mufflers, remained in thi closest rooms and avoided every draft and yet they continually take cold. Thi street urchin, on the other hand, wit! only two or three garments and without shoes and who lives out of doors suffert less frequently from this a& fection.”
THE YELLOW CAME
That's, the only way I can describe it — ihe yellow flash that came and stayed.
“The ftunny part of it was that in amongst all the other feelings, I could see that old horse jogging along, jogging along—not all of him. you know; jusT his hips and the breeching that kept rubbing. 1 didn't have an achf or a pain/' Mante y went on, "not ,'th« first bit of trouble. I didn't even know that anything had hapi>ened. only f wondered at the yellow that wae everywhere, and the hot feeling in my head, and I thought it was kind of
strange that I should feel so light and all split up. 1 couldn't see anyihing bug the old horse’s hips, and it Hooked after awhile as if we were away up in the air somewhere, I, a-floating and he just jogging along 1 be same as ever— Gee, how my mind pains me."
"And how long did that last ?"
"I don’t know how long, but it *wa* till I felt something sting my face, Then the yellow and the old horse faded away, and the doctor said, How you, Manley ?’ and I said, ‘What, me? I’m all right/ And then 1 found myself all bundled up in cotton and my aches and pains set In."
the head.
They keep better, eat better, and are in all respects better than those that suffer just before dying.
The best fishermen in Europe and
America know this—the suffering of
any animal just before dying always tends to make the meat unwholesome and sometimes poisonous.
The writer recalls well when he was a boy a Welshman and his family in the same village plied fishing as his ___;	He and his boys each carried a wooden mallet, and as fast as fish were drawn in, each was killed at Another fisherman asked why He answered, "Would you
)
' our
|i|M
l
business
once, be did it
eat a cow’s meat that died a natural death ?”
"Of course not.”
•‘Neither would I eat a fish’s meat that died a natural death.”
are
PROOF ENOUGH
yoti believe that a thousand ever a day, and a day as
Do
TOUCHING.
were touched whei
years was a thousand years!
I believe the latter half all right enough—I’ve just spent the day at the dentist's.
I suppose you your wife, gave you that $*>0 easy chaii
Of course 1 How else do you imagim
wife could come by |50?
my
were
###PAGE###8###

Kash is King.
1
Fow Mon Original.
I M\1 you ever notice lmtv few peopleart) original in things they pay and do instance, one* man makes a fortune out < f
FALL GOODS!
For
» simple thing; immediately hundreds « f others try it
While it b gratifying to be the 1
man
I >
Il 1
>u
riii* is litiilliii nature
g|ooo T\sn
Hints
lir.it
??
U
to bring out an idea, the great
111:189 niu«r he content to follow thvii leaders
\ III
«»
STIÎIf !’|,V (’ASH. X
WE HAVE JUST PUT IN STOCK ... A NICE LINE OF
• • •
I In vo ia < nv line tli.it i ?
o
Always
original, Ii nvt'vcr, and that is the business of Hiadliy tiirrctsun (
I T int foil), < hit., because they continually bring out publications, to Pint tli and aeasoi
o
In ilt
l )lKll>OOUv>
o »000**00000l»0( )
tuition fur thus,
111,1,1 may know !„,u appear
w h
Nu
h i hviillg vluxvly |,i this ni h
ck r
Limited
f
it enables
"nieli injury ,t „haM him. htisinv' with n
» do watch
I
ne mai do
I
\ vn I liin.
lVs look
MEN’S FALL CAPS.
"ell dressed that’s We are prepared to do hu
h	'.i-i,
e ! unes
ROCK BOTTOM PRICES.
tbin Ihuit* agents are kept steadily at it ami make In g money fact, no «
Miiess
ttl,d for their benefit
are oitVring i ho finest and larges
Kali
I
tiier occupation is more honor ible, healthful, lucrative
My work is guaranteed for a Year. ?
Oui* goods are guaranteed	%
a S*s wort h for a $ every	X
time.......................... X
! range of vu vu s in
As usual our patrons may roly on getting
the most up-to-date goods at
RIGHT PRICES.
r iII t.i half
Si I 11 \«.x
and Ovnu l in our line.
19 ««any opportunities for promotion. I life school. Many nun uml in Vaimtla to-day, testify to the truthfulness of this claim, in fact, it h c ,needed “U all hfludu, that
town. \\
is n
women
A. l\, f^oliUIRE, The Tailor.
goodwyn
5
ono years experience with th's Kirin is wnfh more t
;
HI'}
)'“ung man or woman, than two or thrvt yrarn at < ’ illvgo, from an educational point of view, and ti iaucially, that can ho desired.
i
-The Watchmaker-
ARNPRIOR
* cents' FUR GOODS.
it is all
ONT.
I
y

Stray Steer.
Our Furs have also
COATS,
CAPES,
COLLARS,
MUFFS,
COLLARETTES,
Etc. Etc.
speak more about these Goods i a future advt. Suffice it
contain as good value where.
come in.
GENERAL NEWS
OTTAWA & GATINEAU fly
•>oii\ Airmuv,
H«'t 1, Ivingt- l\ (’Inreiulon.
.•tu‘c!nM»y Vs',"h Rs l,eUw wUI lake !t has Arrived in Seattle From !	'¦««plnmry.
KSife-™Jas “ B“-“'K,0,,dlkc- W.^,lg
Uen’l Sup't	““
«P
CHANGE OF T1MK
aforesaid
Tenders Wanted.
" on
We will
in
to say that they as can be found any-
’Oll.x YOVX(i.
President
1SVH*
They Claim a Good Deal
Bad Railway Accidents	_
' nnii
I	;;f,f ï'aduct, with the result that	--?   '
.4 were killed and 30 injured.	QUALITIES OF LIQUID AIR
Jamestown. P. A., Sept. (i._A fnVht- Q • .	- -J AIR.
:# f:
»¦ ITHE TBANivAL QUESTION. !%:
Peae,„r w„ DrpenC „„„„ the
;’!* ^îbUe Ü1 1x10 Suzerainty.	tiaiisnuo the platform. Iron dipped into
al I Lnni0n’ Sept> 10—The actual statuai breaka'» «ôd» bitcuk.''^" “ easll>'as u,,e „ ,,	. «tâtions, utile i nuis va al
Pullman parlor car at- changed
Pontiac Paie Joiciioa By
----o-----
HEAVY TWEEDS.
Official Time Table :
P.M
AM
5.45 Leave
Aylmer ? Itreekenrhlge » Kardley I arker’s ('ro.ssing ? ‘Mohrs
Q u vo n Wym ait's ?Tank Bristol McKee's Shaw vi lie Vlark s
Campbell's Bav 'Tank * f Vinton ou longe
Mellon's Wall ham
Arrive t* 45
6(H)

H. 21
tu‘J
The heavy-weight, hard-finished Cloth that
the people want. We have of these Goods. Call and
Xi*
tus
6 26
6.87
Ice Cream !
i crus
#1.47
a good stock see them.
6.56 6.58 7.i»l
il
If you wish	j,l(i,lIg,
1ii
fied
II
a glass ream, call at
aii'l get tIn-roughlv *
> i
7.26
îü
lei
7 1
Ml!
8.00
8. U3
E. HODGINS & SON.
SAVAGE Repeating Rifle.
8.12 “
s.8o “
8.17
8.55 Arrive
•Flag Station. tTank
3. WILSON,
Opposite Pontiac House.
I
I
Leave
? Flag station
Simt-VILLi;,. Ql E.
Connecting with Hull Elect at Aylmer.
ne
P. w. K ESSE MAX,
l'ENEI; VL st l’KKINTFNI'KN T
FARM POE SALE
At a Bargain.
I

TIKE CARD,
M EFFECT BIT 1st, 1899,
red
I
Calibre .303.
an
1899 Model.
1
N K w .ski: VICE
O
(
MODI: R N KtjVlTMFXT
Trains daily between x
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS Train> leave Ottawa ('
i
If'IN.VL IX EVERY 7;"'	l’OIXr HLA XK RAN(i
" «x ..scar
: oguoancl Circulars, free.
SAVAGE ARMS COMPANY,
—	UTICA, Now York, U

feature,
F FOR IH XTIXO,
F AX I) SMALL (,'AMI
>î\ MIOOTI
( >n I
ter
i:s
FfiOPERTY FOR SALE,
Write for Cnici
- HOVIÎS entrai Depot :

a <;.V5 V.M,
a-s.4:> \.M. os.45 A.M.
Aimes Moût real n.j ta, lied.

!
S. A
1
t
NOTICE
T3 ALL WHOM IT MAY CONCERN :
\1
\s vur\<;,
i'nr'uumu I \ <>
A
l
Shawville
UHt<
crisis appeal* to be un-     I 1t; K-V'fs Wantei, H'un -yin- i
». *sbsk -
= ènli s.i
i. m
I
Ki\
a 9.40 A.M. a 4.20 r. M.
1.0
I
1
I

I,' I
General Supply Farm Machinery and Carriage
nlv
Amy, s Mnutrea r at ta. la d
i vanor 1
-‘il points vast ,'t1	'"««T** wiamoeriain, then
points .-outil Of the st. Law- thü prognostications of the
.......... «a IsKte* ;• *-* r=r re
• As tar as the international
w«r is no nearer
FURNITURE,
furniture
run
Depot.
î
O
Farm
Aüt.ONs,
K.XJ'REhsES, Far ri ao es,
Bvgoiks,
Carts,
.'Machinery (all kinds,)
act of
We have just the kind
of Furniture that
every person wants
and at prices to suit all.
i
Alfxandri
Sewing Mai mixes, " amiing Machines, Wringers,
Chvrns.
t
(Wawa Aniprior, & Parry Sonnd By
>
I
Straw Otters,
CORN Sji ELLERS, WHEEL!) ARROWS.
Wonderlui Uornetaik
Come and bo Convinced..
vet
0
Everything required by % Farmer
111 t^1L‘ of machinery to lighten the work about his
be gut hero.
are now lie
JZv, Barry's Has Trains
CUTfjBERTSON & GRAHAM,
premises may
fivw. Arnpri.ir and i
5.50 P.M
uneijual H patent • The
A mprior
IT PAYS
Undertakers and Embalmers.
To buy a good article, and an inspection of our stock will show that we keep only the best goods of the best makers.
Prices that will sell.
v Full 1
me of—
UNDERTAKERS' SUPPLIES
—Always kept in stock
A. SMILEY.
1
