###PAGE###1###

w <*+
No. 16.
19th Year.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, OCT
10, 1901.
#1.00 a Year in Advance.
I
BANK OF OTTAWA
Bidered—mission grant-» recommended, the advisability of continued operation in
certain directions discussed, usual ar* i poR <5 a i v t,.	^	,
rnngemcnta made for Misai nary and j Umha (min' (7r«h Prlcr'rlght0”" Educational Anniversaries, and plans! Apply to J. (». Armstrong, proposed for the agressive work of the	Green Lake.
District during the winter, By resolution	studio Pontiac House
. ... the Chairman was requested to prepare a | Our cabinets compete with any in the
- - $6.000,000. Pawtoral totter addressed to all members ! f*}/» b» price and finish, a trial sol
of the Church within the District, the kllr •	H. Imihon.
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000. j	ÆCÆ" iffSÆMJS»
ville was appointed to visit Thornby KjvJn* •}• R* I ikrney, Hallway and Tick-• v the interest of financial matters. et Age,,t’ ArnPrior. Ont.
By resolution it Was decided to hold a H you want photos taken of your chll-“ Conference at Shawville in the month J, , {wl vise you to take them early in of January in the interest of Class Lead- !!!,' ay* 1 can ®,ve y°u tetter satisfac-era, Local Preachers and Stewarts, and a	Imihon.
committee consisting of Revs. Dr. Tucker, Lnlaroemknts.—Think what you are
By a further resolution it was agreed that tniits. The kst only. Samples always two or more Reading Clubs should be ee- |on hand.	H. Imihon.
Ul.li.hiKl in the District.	Dr. Stockhouse, Surgeon Dentist, wifi
W«2h M.,wr(Tr l0;?81 " °f P*Bt Bryson the first week of each
Westmeath Methodist Church the mem- month ; Campbell’s Bay the second ; Fort
bera of the District Meeting came for the Coulonge the third ; and Shawville the
social enjoyment not usual in connection fourth week.
PA“»5r. | ZtjZ:%;z:"teet%r 2 aS	jz
presided over by the Chairman of the registered. Cannot he beaten for size and District in his genial and wise way. Mualitv in this section of the country. Will Addresses were delivered by Revs. H 8. be sold reasonable.
Osborne B D., F. C. Reynolds and W. I	Apply to Alkx. Ellidtt, SrJ
,	,,	.	. .	, B. Tucker ph. D., »m the Social, Kvange-
Spongcs ranging in price from 5 cents to >' e have all kinds, sizes and shapes In lj8t,jc and Financial Missions of the ^a,,heDn,«St.re.Shawv,„e.	Çh.?h	th. cWr	b/ Mr"
First class new single shot rifle for sale dow for them.	The Drug Store. nudd furnished a good programe of
at The Eqvity office.	- uA##a#^Ku#s6#a 1 muRIC'
LOCALS THAT PAY
)
Held Ofllcn: .. .. Capital subscribed <-»I'lt*l paid uv
OTTAWA, CANADA.
..........tl.W4.Wlf».
........... 1,993,940,
........... 1,060,455.
FUR GOODS.
OF CANADA.
Beet
Board of Director»:
- Charles Magee, Esq., President. George Bay, esq.,Vice President.
Ho*. G to. Rkymow, Jr.
Alei. Frase
CAPITAL
_ ¦¦	Joa* Matiirr, Esq.,
h. Egg , David MacLarbw, Esq., Dekrib M vira y, Esq.
Head Office. • Montreal.
We are now opening up a large and complete range of Fur Goods, consisting of the newest and best goods in : : following lines : : :
GEORGEBURN D. U. FINN1E
General M.,nager .. .. Manager,
mission m
4

Branches•
IN ONTARIO:
Keewatm, Kempt ti lie,
MatUwa,
Ottawa,
SHAWVILLE BRANCH.
Alexandria,
Àrnprtor,
Avonmore,
Bracebrtdge,
Carleton
Lanark,
Parry Wound, Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winchester, do Bank 8t. Renfrew do Rideau 8t. Toronto, Vankle^k Illll, timlth'a Falls.
IN MANITOBA:
Money loaned on approved seeurlty st reasonable rates.
Fermera notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parte of the world.
do
Place,
Hawkeebury,
SAVINGS BANK.
Dauphin
Winnipeg,
Portage La Prairie.
IN QUEBEC :
Hull,
Shawinlgan Falls.
Agente in Canada, New York and Chicago— Bank of Montreal.
Agents in 8t. Paul—Merchants Nat Bank:
Agente in London, Eng.—Parr's Bank Ltd.
Accour.'s opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office Hours ,
Saturdays . .
Ladies’ Sacques, in Electric Seal, Coon, Astrachan. Capes, Caperines, Collars,
Ruffs, Caps and Muffs, in all the fashionable furs.
Montreal,
Larhute
10 A M TO 3 P.M

10 A M. TO 1 P.M.



LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Clarendon

Men’s Coats in Coon, Siberian Buffalo, Tasmanian Coon, Brown Dog, &c.
Robes in Grey and Black Goat, Rocky Bear, &c.
Mrs. Woodley and Miss McEachren»
Dressmakers.
Have you a fall huit to make i If so, call and examine our work and get our prices. Satisfaction guaranteed.
P. S.—Tailor-made costumes a specialty.
#2.
PERSONAL
Principal Grant is recovering fr m a very serious illness.
PORTAGE DU FORT
One grows depressed from hearing L, , .	v u „ , .	_ ,
constantly the dismal wail of the dullness | Helshei\ h. S Hudgins, \V in. Stanley
James Kennedy and camp meeting tent - Carried.
i
of Portage when in reality there cr: I.
, ^	. Mr. R. Mitchell, and family returned I grounds for it There is a sort of dignified , M , ,	T .	_ ..
The Messrs Hudgins Pros, last week un Friday from a two weeks visit to Pern- repose about the town, something of the Moved l,y conn. John Smiley, sec. by
began the brickwork of Mr. J. J. Cald- b oke.	style	that “ marks the caste of vere de c?un* 'Vm* C* McDowell, that on condi.	-tw h,t | 1 sr:EEnE¥r@= EEHSHZiÉÎ
year « l.usmesa.	1 Mr. Win. Cl» ke, C. L. A., returned Duchés over to spend a day with; us we ”erV°<? th'v.he d^cliaT the sftmo to
Tlie Clarendon Roller mills are now in I home from his visit to the Northwest on could have promised them the longest day ,!!i ; umcipaiity. tarred.
first class condition for the fall and winter Tuesday last. He is much impressed with they ever spent.	1 he ÜX,ract th.e,Ilst jurors brought
1—lj* ~	/n the great posai bill i ies of our western À large number from here went to see u^’ ex/l,,nne< ant ^<ium* correct and »p-
SSeBBE 'll I	"14
fonne, hw not been here for twenty I „n the Phalli, giviny their H.^ka their
years*	• bear ngs and general instructions, so if
they do not follow a straight course, but dri t hither and thither, thj are not to blame.
Of all the old friends who visited us this | Model Dkpt.—Grade I—John Crawford T	¦ u ËÈÉj	11, Nettie Horner 2, Edith Waddell 3, Hi
ram Smiley 4. Pearl Howes 5, Minerva Caldwell 0. Crade IL—Lüella Dale 1, Marie Cuthbertson 2, Flossie Wainraan 3, Kathleen Wilson 4, Verna McGuire 5, Lena Caldwell 6.
are no
Our Furs are manufactured by the leading makers in Canada, and we guarantee every article to be the best procurable at
: : the price. : :
AsK any of our customers about our Furs.
trade
!
Hvoh Mathbson.
Sec. Treas
The Hon. Clarke Wallaoi was reported to be in a very dangerous condition of health last week. Saturday there was a slight change for th
Diphthera and emallwx are h th an Miro Lucy W- Edey, of Billerica, so purcntly spreading in Ottawa, notwith- well and favorably known as the teacher I sum,,,er' none was more cordially wel standing all that is being done to check jn No. 1. school South Onslow, has re- comed than Ml- Jn|‘n McFnrlanc, of those much dreaded diseases.	tired from teaching and has gone to Ayl Australia. We fear John is a confirmed
sssiiti
¦J8	benefit those with whom she came in	just now, the men at work
contact. As an evidence of the high es- wd *‘le structure look like acrobats, and The Annual Thanksgiving service in teem in which she is held, about sixty , scenery is charming. The crimson connection with the Parish of Clarendon pupils gathered at her residence on Fri- . J[oId «utumntmt 4 of the foliage crwn will be held on Sunday 20th mst, as day evening last, Sept 27, and presented the rugged mountains and cliffs, follows : St. Paul’s Church at 10.30, a. m. her with a handsome silver tea service and the b,ue bIue sky all reflected in the
a *»»¦> ‘•“T"' v sr - Pi *	* “<N“ '«aîsrssÆSiSfjiïK
7;,	S1SHS
viiafc troubles rarely come single-hand- tunity of expressing to you our high ap- aone 1 ^rtage	I-George Murray 1, Muriel Jackson 2,
©d is exemplified in the case of Mr. R. predation of your work as our teacher	“ Oonah ” Lottie Shaw 3, Arthur Shaw 4, Laura
D. Fmniizan's fauiily wherein two cases Hnd ?ur admiration of the noble character |	Woodley 5, Maryn Findley fl.
of typhoid fever have developed since the 1 % fwl th^we Cannot Jnfflckntly thank sad occurence noted in these columns yOU for the many acts of kindness and con-last week. First the youngest child, a sidération which you have shown to us. little girl, and later the head of the house- Those of us who are older wish to thank
hold have been stricken with the malady. ^eX^weîfare sin*"we &nU
We Want that Ladder.—A ladder, orobleinTof îîfe6” We assurcvmi	1^* ° Member» present—Mr. Mayor, J
unp*inted and about 22 feet long, was 5h*U ever cherish sweet memories of our	: P^ncillors Win. C. McDowell,
taken away from the vicinity of Mr. tt. school days at No. 1.	John Smiley and Fred Thomas.
G. Hodgine’ house some time since the In your new home and sphere may Pro- Minutes of last meeting read. Move 1 fire in June last. The party who took it vidence grant you many happy years and by coun Win C McDowell, sec by coun.
7ftir7lateu^e!°	‘	^ ^	| ^rv^asa%httCi^%7r%rd(or	hZnd ^atrlR I	£c=lvo ^ “iai[at
May it ever remind vqu of tne girls I confirmed.—Carried.	I Bristol Ridgt I ust office complain of a hat
Mr. George Dale, ( of Dale Bros. ) and and boys at old No. 1.	At this juncture coun. James Wilson seems to us a good deal of uunecessary
Miss Laura, youngest daughter of Mr.	Signed on behalf of pupils :	took his sent.	delay in the receipt of their papers. The
Richard Hodgins, 4th range, joined	Ada L. Srailev,	Edith M, Edey.	Moved by coun. John Smiley sec. by	Equity is mailed from the office of pub-
hands in matrimony on Wednesday last.	Mildred E. Edey	Charity M. Thompson,	coun. W. C. McDowell that coun. James	Nation on Wednesday afternoon and is
The ceremony was performed at Arnprior,	W Fred Pri Tard°n>	Wilson be and is hereby instructed to 1^ "" board the train the same evening,
after which the bridal party drove home	Billerica, Sept. 27, 1901.	give out jobs on	the 13th	concession	Eor some cause, however, they have nut,
to the residence of the bride’s parents,	’	*	’	__	.cross lots 14, 16, 1<$ and 17 to the amt. 011 several occasions, reached Bristol
where with a number of other friends as 1 he address was read hy Mh W J, of #20, if he find that good work can be Rld8e till Tuesday of the following » eek, sembled a pleasant evening was spent. J/ tchanl, and presentation made by Mr. done, otherwise ho will withhold the although the distance from Shawville to To the happy younj couple The Equity M-B. 1 homson.	money.-Carried.	that office is 1 as than ten miles. From
savs “ bon voyage. ”	Although completely taken by surprise, Moved by coun. James Wilson, sec. by what vra can learn the delay does not
Miss Edey made a reeling reply.	coun. Jolm Smiley,	that Rurtl	Inspector	l)CCÙV Afc any of the offices through which
Mr. Andrew Grant regrets the loss of a	A ve y pleasant evening was	spent, old R W. Ralph, bo and is hereby appoint-1 the mail is forwarded, and must therefore
two-bladed, black handled Rogers knife	school games being	played, tchool songs	ed to go to the Heath road to a point Ixi	he due to mistakes on the part of the mail
which has been his companion for twenty	sung and stories of	school days retold,	tween lots 9 and 10 on th » °nd range	clerk. The matter is certainly a source
3*?SSS3£	istasz sss^rj t
moment the article disappeared. Mr. 0. fully provided well tilled baskets for the 2»$ feet wide, also that he (R. W. Ralph) hope wo shall not be driven to the ne prizes It highly because of the long time It occasion.	be and is hereby insti u:ted to picket out cessity of laying the grievance before the
has been in his possession, and would be The gathering d:spersed after the sing- the sideline between lots (i and 7 on the p () d‘ par:ment and demand iug an in very thankful to hare It restored.	ing of “ Auld Lang Syne. "	^ 12nd range, from the front of the 3rd con- veAigatioa^ggggggggmMg
cession to the Portage du Fort road, 29J
feet wide, and order all obstructions to By-Law Def eated.—The property Pembroke District Meeting. I be removed off said width and report fo holders of Shawville, as evinced by their
——	this Cjuneil at our next meeting.—Car- votes on Tuesday have not yet been tilled
The Financial Meeting of the Pembroke ried.	with the idea that the village is in need
. . .	District was held in the Methodist Petition of James M. Hodgins and 128 of a water system, the by law providing
Dear Sir,—That npologv "	. . t Church. Westmeath, on Tuesday Kept others asking that the Government fur such purpose having been defeated by
false11 I never had* any correspondence 10th. The village which is situated inland road fiom the Calumet Road a vote of 17 for to 38 against. Scarcely with her ; 1 never apologized to her. My was reached from the C. P. It. hy means to the cross roads on sideline be- half of the votes on the roll were record-husband told her to leave the house anil \)f*special conveyances furnished by the tween lots 21 and 22 on the 10th range, ed. This decision will prob.bly relegate she did so, and there was no need for an generosity of the West meat hens and a opposite David Moore’s, be kept open and the question of waterworks to some pe-
8. vLUrr. number of brethren thus were treated to repaired, brought up for consideration. nod yet en veiled by the mysterious f lithe luxury of a splendid drive of eleven Move! by coun. F. Thomas, sec. by lure, and what the intervening time may miles. The meeting coxmsncing at 3 P. coun. John Smiley, that Geo. Towell be I bring forth, of course, no one can tell. M.» was ably presided over by Rev. Dr. and is hereby instructed to give out jobs | But we cannot escape the fact that grave Benson, Chairman, Rev. F. C. Reynolds to repair and remove obstructions off the | probabilities are to be contemplated, ng duty as financial secty. Theie were Govern men t-travelled -road from a point land is to be earnestly hoped and trusted but two absent ministerial members one oppoeite David Moore’s to the Railway j that the Fates, so surprisingly consider-of whom ( Bro. Henderson of Pembroke) crossing on lot 22 on the 9th range, ami late in the past, will continue to smile was reported dangerously ill. A resolution not to exceed $6 00.—Carried.	I upon us, and that each and every citizen
expressif# of the meetings, deep interest Moved by coun. James Wilson, sec, may retire afc night with that sense of and prayerful sympathy was recorded by coun. Wm. C McDowell, that Richard I absolute security, born alone of indifler-I and a copy ordered to be sent him. The I Dagg, (Health officer) be paid his bill jence due to s prolonged streak of good I work of the District was thoroughly con | $9.50, for attend ng, as follows .—John | luck.
September School Reports
morning
e better. Presentation And Address
Rev. pilots
Ladies’ Cloth Jackets.
SHAWVILLE ACADEMY.
Have a look over Ladies’ Cloth Jackets. We are showing a range of goods worthy the attention of careful buyers.
mine,
1
Senior Elementary.—Grade III—Pearl McDowell 1, Velina Waininan 2, Eva Morrison 3, Violet Homer, 4 Bernice Wain man, Roy Horner, 5 ; Winifred Tucker 6, Edith Tucker 7. Grade II— Claire Wilson 1, I va Cowan 2, May Smart 3, Chester Prendergast 4, Merle Smiley 4, Earl Turner 5.
fair, in route home best country fair he ever saw

1
J
SHAW

and

Clarendon Council
GREERMOUNT SCHOOL.
Class IV.—Florence McCleary 1, Carrie Hamilton 2, Birdie Judd 3. Class III— Silas Somerville 1. Maggie Judd 2, Mai y Ann Stewart 3. Class II—Louisa Lum-mis 1, Maggie Judd 2, Mary Ann Stewart 3. Primer II—Charles Lumrais 1, Creighton Lathem 2, Bertha Mulligan 3. Primer I—Gladys Smith 1, Clarence Smith 2, Susie Stephens 3, Maggie Stephens 3, Maggie Stephens 4.
Town Hall, Shawville,
7th October 1901
Pemlar session of the Council this
Are You Groping

you

in the
Dark?

If you think there is no difference in the quality of Drugs, try our
Seidlitz Powders,
Carbolic Acid,
.Sweet Nitre,
Iodine, Castor Oil, &c.
And be convinced that we sell only the best. Your money back if not as represented.

Com.
A Repudiation.
Ottawa, Sept. 30,1001

Editor Equity

apology.
Remarks.—Yhe “ apology " above re ferred to appeared in Tin: Equity of Sept. 12th. It reached us through the mail with a request for publication attached. \>e took the document to be genuine and without further thought gave it a place in our columns. The fact that it was not genuine shows that we have iwen the victim of a little game of “ smart which we promise will not catch us again in a hurry. Henceforward apologies for pu Mi cation must come from tbeliandsof the makers and be paid for at the rate of ten
THE DRUG STORE,
doi
:.. Shawville, Que.



###PAGE###2###
ST
DISASTER FROM BENEFIT SOME SILENT GREAT MEN, FROM BONNIE SCOTLAND,
ÏÛDE UNLUCKY MME
In tho spring his thoughts turn to misfortune, because that is tho miss above all others that seeks to court him then.
It was in the spring that his bicycle slipped on wot street car rails, and threw him heavily to the ground, partially crippling him for a couple of weeks. It was at that particular season, too, that ho had invested all his savings in a concern that had turned out an unmitigated fraud.
It was in the spring also that ho had missed one of the host chances of his lifetime. He had been offered a situation in one of his firm's agencies, but had declined to accept it, because he was in love with a certain young lady at tho time, and did not want to go away and leave the field open to her other admirers. Later on. however, after they had become engaged, there was a quarrel which resulted in a final separation, and to make matters oven more aggravating, the young follow who had accepted tho situation abroad had succeeded to the agency shortly after his appointment ; his predecessor having died very suddenly.
NOTES AND COMMENTS.
SMILES OF FOR- PECULIAR POINT IN WORLD’S NEWf} BY MAIL FROM HER
STATESMEN.
WHEN THE
TUNE WENT AGLEY
SOME PEOPLE HAVE CERTAIN PERIODS OF MISFORTUNE.
It is likely to be but a short time helm a large part of the great Dosert of Sahara which is now unin- Summer Holidays Make Some habited by man, wfll bo open to civ-	Shiver.—Others Feel Warm
tlization, if the project lately con-	at Christmas Time.
LEADING
BANKS AND BRAES.
Very] Count Von Moltke Did Very Little Talking.—Lord Palmerston Was a Silent Man.
Well Meant Kindness Has Often Ended in a Great
Disaster.
Many Things Happen the Minds of Auld
Sons.
to Inter***
Scotia'*
A tendency towards extreme taci-
There are people to whom certain
automo-1 months are particularly unlucky,
and the approach of these periods is always looked forward to b> them motor vehicles in tho desert and in | with great apprehension, not
many parts of Algeria have
that they are peculiarly adapted for
An exploding pistol cost William Arnlson the sight of one eyo twenty- turnity would appear
ElUia ass--
1 list summer u wealthy friend sent always been accompanied by briefness Sheriff Principal Lees has appoint-
bo London, to one of of speech, as witness the following 0<i ex-Provost Cock burn, Falkirk, aa
i. An opera- notable examples of taciturn cole- Honorary SherilT-SubsUlule.
and Mr Ami- brines.
ceived by tho French Government for ii'av^-^Ang the desert with biles is successful. Experiments with
Mr. Carnegie has give* £100 $n
to he a dis-
the majority 11,1 organ for tho East Free Church,
Kllblrnlo.
un-
One
shown I mixed with superstitious awe
__________________________________________ dreaded the approach of December because the advent cf that month was generally the harbinger of mists difficult and fre-1 fortune of some kind. Twice In quently impossible. Within her new- that fatal month ho had lost his
ly established boundaries in Africa, situation through no fault of his
™ own, and twice lie had been laid up * ranee finds it necessary to openly |nfluenia o( a malignant type.
new lines of communication to trails- | Numberless times, too, he had been merchandise and provisions. | sufficiently indisposed to be unable to Camels, the common means of desert | enjoy	Tmt
travel, arc stow and uncertain al- that jli8 troubles all coming in Deways, and totally inadequate for I comber was merely a coincidence. A
many of tho routes desired to be tra- coincidence could not l o maintained
consistently, ho argued and despite all our efforts to eradicate the impression that December
to establish a regular system of I unlucky month for him, ho still per-
trnnsportation between the principal sisteri in his belief, with good justi-
had *o admit to our-
man
use in countries where travel by ordinary means
the sufferer
the greatest eye experts tlon was performed, l._
went homo again to Southampton, England, with directions to remove tho bandages that day weeks. All his family were present
IN THE SHADED ROOM
Tho linen wrappings were taken off. jj^d Kitchener is positively Sphinx
and, for the first time in	like in his reserve. Napoleon rarely	, .
years, tho man saw the faces of nis «poke when ho could avoid tho pro- rim Council of Ayr has decided wife and children 1 Ho 6**0” Less nor did Bluchcr, his groat op- that no electric street cars shall be round, and Won, without a word.	^ in a reputation for lo- ™n until a plebiscite has been taken
fell buck fainting. A blood-vessel off	cit' ho ftlso being an unusually to ascertain tRe popular will,
tlu) brain had burst, and he was rjuiQt soldior.	The Rev. William Robertson, for-
doad in a few moments.	in the arena of statecraft a similar nicily of Philjphaugh Congregational
I'his is not the first umo that wen- Ltate 0f affairs would seem to pro- Church, Selkirk, has accepted meant kindness lins ended m 1 ls" Vail. Lord Palmerston, the famous pastorate of tho church of Foula, aster. Tho cutter "1 otunla P premier, was silent as the prover- Shetland.
##§#= pSSf!	=
IE5=Hilü üPSs
She was formerly a slave of tho "Petunia" strained upon the haw- 1 y .	manv davs without The fishing season nt Stromncss is
Vididi (dowager) Khedivah. at whose Ler. But "Birnom': " engines were *	.	* tlian a f(#w syllables . almost at a close. Tho total catch
house tho then young ruler of Egypt powerful, and they plunged along . A	tho #amoug French H* 40000 crans, representing earn-
first saw her. As beauty gives rank together nt some live knots an hour. "	.	rarely that his ing* to the fishermen of nearly as
in tho Orient, tho young slave's con- Suddenly came a crack like a cannon r a \,OXihX chronicle the fact muny Pound!l sterling, dition did not interfere with her ad- shot, and five hundredweight of steel L ,ien	occurred. Darwin wrote Contracts are being called for with
vancenient. She was courted and w|rc whizzed across tho deck of h hut talked little • and Lord a view to tihe construction of an won by tho dashing young prince,	“Petunia,” killing one of the crew,	Kelvin	the famous president of the	electric railway at Kirkcaldy, and
and finally formally married to him	badly injuring another, and doing	L. . Society is among tho	it is proposed to enlarge the scheme
and raised to tho rank of khedivah. over one thousand dollars' worth of I '• p	GREAT MEN 80 ftS	*n Dy**rt.
irEsfESbE EF	b	rs
servants and governesses for her bor cost William Patterson his life Cd to be in congenial society he	41	.
three daughters. She studies with in January last. Paterson's house | would not utter a single word be- burgh died recantly in the person of her children and has an open, in- caught lire in the middle of the night yond the ordinary phrases demanded Mr. J. L. Dlbdin. Mr. Dibdin was a quiring mind. The khédive adores and Patterson's next door neighbor, by etiquette, and whilst engaged in grandson of the famous Charles pib-his wife and is a devoted father. He by name Curtis, heard the alarm, thinking out a new work lie would dm, the writer of so many of Eng-has charming manners, an easy.1 and rushed over to proffer his help. ! often puss several days talking to no I land s sea songs, smooth address, in which there is | Curtis had lately invested in one of one but himself. Tolstoi is another i q bo inauguration of a handsome just a touch of the good fellow. But those patent chemical fire extinguish- instance of silent greatness, for UH organ, Mr. Andrew Carnegie's gift ho never forgets his dignity. His ers, and this he brought with him. though the most amiable of men, hou0 tho town of Kirkcaldy, in the most intimate friends always remem- The fire had started In a bedroom, Mg reserved in conversation and	Adam Smith Hall, was	celebrated by
her that ho is khédive. He is quite (which was	blazing to tho ceiling,	times absolutely mute.	a recital given by Mr	C. W. Per-
stout, tho result, it is said, of his Some valuables were stored in n| Mozart was sparing in his speech, I kW, organist to the Corporation of having when at the cadets' school in chest in the	room, and their owner	Beethoven was likewise reticent,	and	Birmingham. Provost	Hutchison
Vienna imitated his professors in I was wild to	get them out. Curtis	it is related of Frederick Chopin	presided. The proceeds	of the rccit-
drinking beer. He ls good looking	strapped tho extinguisher upon Pat-	that he	loved silence better even than	a| were devoted to tho Provost's war
and intelligent. Hm has displayed	torson’s back, and the latter ran	music.	Rossini, Gluck, and Handel	| fund.
rare capacity for keeping his own I upstairs. A moment or two later n were loquacious talkers, but Wagncr;.	new Qifror(j nntl Qarvald Ra.il-
eounsel. Tho smooth penciling of,violent explosion was heard, and whom some critics place abovejthese wny whhh opons up a considerable brows, eyelids and a cetrtain dreamy something heavy crashed down into masters, was silent to the point of porUon of Fast Lothian to traffic, expression, give the oriental touch to the street. It was Patterson, so dumbness, save when discussing baa boem inspected for the Board of his face.	(badly injured that he died before lie musical matters.	Trade by Major Pringle. R E. The
could bo picked up. For some ex- Among members of the histrionic ljne which hag bcen in course of traordinary reason the extinguisher profession it is rare to encounter construction for fully two years, had exploded, blowing the man who	taciturn people, but one notable ox-	will probably be	open	next	month!
carried it backwards through the	ample of a great actor whose powers	A, preScnt the terminus is	at	Gifford
window.	, of speech were almost limitedI to' the	;t is hoped it may prove su**
In giving James French a days stage is furnished by W. C. Mac- cossful enough to encourage cs* holiday, the manager of the Little- ready, tho celebrated tragedian, | tension to Garvald.
In India there are races like the I stone tin-mine little thought tlmt he whose rcticcq?o was a byword in the Bengalees and	some	of	the	tribes	of	was signing the man's death-war-	theatrical society of the day. Mac-
Madras, who cannot	by	any	provoca-	rant. The young fellow, delighted at	ready was distinguished by a curious	ceivod a letter
tion be induced to light, or bo train- the prospect of a trip to Fowey, abruptness of manner and converse» ; Carnegie intimating his intention of cd as soldiers, and they live side by hurried to the bottom of the shaft, and in many quartern he was known presenting a free library to Hamil-side with others like the Qhoorkas— and scrambled into the cage. It was as	ton on condition tluit the burgh
secured for us by the intellectual ac- eight hundred feet to the opening THF. “SILENT TRAGEDIAN." adopts'the 1 reo libraries Act und
sfiUf.p-ka =.0E ^r=l=2aî56-
both probably °brftver than the very till within a few feet of the top, and talkative habits. XVitness the case
bravest of the white races Why are then suddenly the crank of the engine oi the famous Dr. A hornet hy, who|burgh free library, who Is Mr. Car-
SüSpHü W4MM IbssSs
with a debt of £17,000—for the tain occasion tho Sage of Chelsea shares had dropped to that extent— paid a visit to the Poet Laureate suddenly diod.	and remained with him several hours,
upon difference of diet—a subject in-1 There is a town on the English Throughout, the visit both men smok-volving the entire future of Chris- South Coast, the realization of cd incessantly, but no word was tianity in India—or upon religion, os whose pet ambition ended in nearly spoken until Tennyson remarked in so many observers affirm as regards | ruining the place. The town had al- his deep, thrilling voice, Pass the all Mussulman converts, or purely I ways had a snug little harbor, but matches, please !" Soon afterwards upon race? Even as regards Chinese | it was not large enough to suit so Carlyle took his leave, remarking as there is a most amazing conflict of I growing a place, and the council ho wont that he had enjoyed his time evidence, competent observers dcclar- never rested until they had obtained immensely. Doubtless there is a ing that they are essentially timid, powers and money to increase it by touch of exaggeration in this story ; while others equally competent as- building a sea-wall. This was done; but tho fact remains that both poet sert that they have innately all the but almost before it was finished it and philosopher were among the capacities of soldiership—a difference was discovered that the whole set of most silent of the world's great men. explained by Chinamen themselves tihe tide had been altered by its crec-by attributing to the peoples of the | tion. and that while the harbor was different districts entirely different silting up, the sea was encroaching characters. As a matter of fact, upon the west enh of the town, and Chinese from Yunnan have beaten threatening tho very existence of the French regulars; while Chinese from houses there. Thousands have to be Shantung seem unable to stand up spent to
to any Europeans, or even to Japan- BUILD A SECOND WALL, cse. who spring from the same race.
In Africa the investigation is even more pressing, for African armies are yet to build. There is a great body of evidence to show that the higher African races, though purely black, such ns
brave, and if crossed with the Arab, exceptionally so, but many experts, including, we fancy, all Boers, deny this, and attribute true bravery to the blacks only when under certain influences, of which severe discipline
ferenco of opinion on the subject, even in the Southern States of the Union, where knowledge must tensive and practical—a difference so great that it can be explained only by wide differences In the origin of the quondam slaves, who belonged originally to at least four unconnected tribes.
^ It was ho foggy at Glasgow recount Von Moltke, tho famous Coi-1 contly that tho electric cars had to man commander, was hardly known run ak diyr with their lights turned throe I to open his lips save when absolute' necessity demanded tho effort. W Duke of Wellington was similarly #11-wId 1st everybody knows
son
on
The
Mr. J. W. Bailey has been elected that Ia* representative of thn Sixth Ward, I Greenock, in room of the lata Baffin Cook.
port
so
But by the use of automobiles Vie French Government expects

versed
was an
EGYPT'S KHEDIVAH
th#
Noted as a Beauty in the Land
of Beauties.
fiention we
oases of Sahara; and to this end official tests and investigations are now under way.
selves.
Another man had gloomy forebodings when tho summer holidays were at hand. Misfortune, great or small,
generally overtook him either before
Deserts have no terrors for tho au- he set 0*ut for his holidays, or while
toinobile. It requires little fuel, is j ho was actually enjoying them.
One year he got hie puree, containing the bulk of his money, taken from him while waiting his turn at strongest camel. In some parts of tho ticket office, and a porter went
the desert motor wagons may be run | over his foot with a barrow, heavily
laden with baggage, just after he had
unaffected by scorching temperature, and carries a bigger load than the
at the rate of eighteen or twenty miles per hour, and their average speed is more than double that of tho camels, which march usually about three miles per hour. A camel
COME OFF THE TRAIN.

Another time he was having a bathe» near to where some boys were amusing themselves by throwing should have water every twenty-four I stones into the water, when either
hours, and in regions where the oas- by accident or design, ho was struck
by one above the eye, and had perforce to spend three days out of his precious fortnight’s holidays in tho In some ! house doctoring his injured forehead.
es are few and widely separated it is impossible to procure water for a
week or even two weeks
portions of the desert the terrific heat!The cut has left n mark that ho is
likely to carry about with him to
tho end of his days.
On another occasion he was having men who have experimented with au- I n quiet stroll through the harbor.
tomobiles in the desert state that they which was generally quite deserted
at this time and place, when he happened to alarm two men. who were
evidently after some nefarious pui
incalculable possibilities and impor-jpose on board n vessel there, with
A I the result that he was mistaken fur some one belonging to the boat, and
, was set upon by the two men and how we ever managed to do business ! severeiy mauled.
before automobiles were invented
renders passage from one oases to another practically impossible. French-
A well known musician of Edin*
i
I
are useful where all other carriers fail. Thus another field, and one of
tance, is open to tho automobile few years hence people will wonder
The removal term is a portentous
time for another man, and at its
approach he resigns himself to fate,
ami devoutly hopes that ho will be
» let off mercifully. Tho horse attach-1 he annual repot t of the Labor De- cd ^jic i0lTy that was removing
partaient of the British Board of, furniture one year took fright Trade represents the year 1900 as . whcn going under a railway bridge the high-water mark of the working ovcr vvliich a train was passing at classes as regards increase in wages tju, time, and made a sudden plunge end reduction oi hours. It was the forward, thereby displacing three culminating period in the upward | c|iairs that had been placed in rather movement which began in 1896. Tho official Labor Commissioner writes:
WAGES IN BRITAIN
COURAGE OF DARK RACES
n precarious position. As the chairs fell, the log of one struck the glass
“Not only did the general level of | door of a wardrobe, breaking it to wages in the United Kingdom stand
the
any other year for which statistics 1 house-hunting, contracted diphtheria exist, but the rate of increase during Qn(i had to bo removed to tho hos-last year was unprecedentedly high. If we confine ourselves to tho industries OWIi relations were able to come to for which it is possible to obtain de-1 his assistance by keeping house for finite statistics, we find that no fewer | him, ho was obliged to than 1,112,684 workpeople, or about one seventh of the total employed received advances during tho year amounting to no less than £212,000 per week, while only 23,010 sustained decreases to Hie unimportant amount of £2,800 per week net weekly rise of £209,000 compares with £91,000 in 1899 and £81,000 in 1898.
As in the two previous years, by far the larger amount of the increase Is accounted for by the rise of miner's wages, which rose on tho average nearly 4 shillings 5 pence (rather more than a dollar) per week in the course of the year, and accounted for £168,000, or 80 per cent, of the total weekly increase of wages ing into account the various dates at which the changes came into operation, it is estimated that the additional amount disbursed in wages
Some are Brave and Others Cannot be Induced to Fight.
pieces.
At another time his wife, while
Provost Keith, Hamilton, ha# ro-
from Mr. Andrew
As none of his wife’s, or his
ENGAGE A HOUSEKEEPER,
Hand. in addition, he had all the trouble of the removal himself. Once, too, lie stumbled while cairying up a large fern case, and got it shivered to atoms. The worst of the business was that he had insisted on carrying up tho case himself to insure its safety ! Truly, he is a veritable Jonah at a removal.
There is another man again, who stands in awo of the summer holiday time. He tells you with a shudder, about the first accident that befell him then. He was standing at a pier head fishing, when a huge Newfoundland brushed past him, and jumped into the water after a biscuit that had been thrown in. Whether the dog had staitled him from his reverie and thereby caused him to lose his somewhat insecure
.	.	.	.	, ,	,	.. .footing, or whether it had upset him
during 1J00, occasioned solely by tho b coming against him he cannot increase of wages recorded in this re-1 gay .	any rate, he was pre-
port, apart from any change in the | cipitated into the water, and being number of the working population, I bu^ a poor swimmer would more was not less than £6,000,000."	than likely have been drowned had a
Writing, however, in July last, he | ljfc-buoy not been promptly thrown has to record that the first half of I to hinj thua enabling him to keep the present year has accorded with afloat till one of the numerous plea-the signs which were not wanting sur0 boats around picked him up. toward the end of 1900 that the per- Another time, shortly after he had iod of rising wages was drawing to Ieft his rooms, his alleged brother a close. The increase of wages, J called to see him and was courteous-though still more widespread than j |y nsked by the landlady to come in the decreases, have not balanced and wait his return, them in amount, so that for the first His "brother" came in, hut, after time since 1895 the net effect has waiting awhile, he told the land-been a falling amounting to nearly ]ftdy that ho would require to go as £30,000 a week, tho decline being he had a train to catch, and had most marked in tho mining and iron | barely time to get it. When our and steel trades, which recently had j friend returned he found that his shown the greatest rise.	i mythical brother had not been con-
In spite of the great amount of al- j tent to take his departure alone, but teration in 1900, it is recorded that bad also taken a pair of gold sleeve-only 5 per cent, of those whose wag- links, ten dollars that had been es were changed were engaged in dis- [ hidden nt the bottom of our fi lend s pûtes on this account. This was i box, and a meerschaum pipe I largely due to the extent to which I Another tiino when he went down wages in the coal, iron and other j to tho house he had engaged beforestaple trades arc now adjusted by hand, he was coolly told by the conciliation and wages boards, slid- landlady that she had let the room ing scales, or similar machinery, the to "another gentleman, who was cases of more than half the workpeo- | giving her a much better price for pic concerned being arranged by such it," and it was only after a good methods.	ideal of hunting about, and when
he had agreed to pay about double the sum he wished, that he managed to secure
cal institute may bo erected How Morrison, curator of the Edin-
Mt

The
out
THE CORNER STONE
There are men in business who are not taking advantage of their opportunities. There are men who are successful because they have just accidentally fallen into tho great whirl of prosperity can’t tell why. There are other men who fail even after a conscientious, determined effort. It seems strange to some — especially to the one
The man who stumbles
Tak-
They succeed and
to which as yet the answer is most imperfect
Then does the difference
DEPEND UPON HABIT,
who fails
into prosperity is fortunate would probably never have gotten there any other way. The man who fails gets consolation and pleasure, perhaps, out of the activity which should have but did not produce relic gets benefit out of his experience and next time can go about his work more wisely, with a greater
chanco of winning son for success may not be because of good advertising, but good advertising is a foundation upon which to
That foundation must have for its corner stone honesty
and persistence commercial requisites. They give to tho merchant his reputation, make his advertising valuable. They cauro people to know that when the man says a thing it can bo depended upon. it is easier to get business from advertising after tho reputation for honesty has been established. It is easier to secure customers when people know what they have bought in times past has proved satisfactory. Tho reputation established by a firm is tho strong point that clinches tho argument and causes people to know the values offered will prove worth the price asked or tho establishment will make it worth while for tho customer to call attention to the goods that wore not of the right quality.
He
suits
The whole rea-
build success
OBJECTS TO AFGHANS.
The immigration of Afghans into Australia is increasing rapidly, f-tetmers bringing in large numbers weekly, writes a Melbourne correspondent. Mr. Barton, tho Premier, in response to representations urging him to prevent their incoming, has replied that had lie known in time that the last batch were about to arrive he would have prohibited their landing as an act of state. The Labor party arc clamoring for an aliéna hill to exclude natives of Asia, rica and Polynesia, but the ministry adhere to their bill prescribing an educational tea^.
Those points are
They

Spending money on an artesian well is always a risky business, for no one can say with any certainty how deep the water lies beneath, or whether, indeed, there is any water nil. So the delight of George Richards, a New South Wales sheep-farmer, may be imagined when, after sinking nearly $5,000 in boring operations, an underground stream was struck, and water gushed up in such quantities that it formcel a pond around the boring.
The water was clear and cool, and the grass grew, and the sheep drank. But after a few days all who had used the water—both man and beast —began to suffer severely. An analyst was called in. and pronounced the spring to contain n dangerous amount of arsenic and other minerals. Many sheep died, one of Richard's children became paralyzed, and what nt first seemed the greatest of blessings has proved a curse !
at
the Bantu, arc decidedly
Af-
A COMBINATION.
If a business man has business
judgment there is not much difficulty I The very first day he was out bath-in the question of advertising. Is is ing there he dropped a five dollar better to be a steady going business i bill from his pockets cither when man than to be one of those bright • taking off, or putting on his clothes, felloes who can tarn a joke to an Of course, when he missed it he advertising advantage. The test went back to where he had lost it ; thing to pvt into an advertisement | but whoever recovered n five dollar is commercial value. If a man can bill lying where it had been combine commercial value with bust- j dropped !
ness honesty and can get the people Another man dreads the spring, to believe he possesses these two fen- The poet has said that "in the lures, he will not fail to reap the spring a young man's fancy lightly benefits to which those two qualities ! turns to thoughts of love," but this give him reason to believe he is en-j particular young man is an exception to the rule.
There is, we believe, a dif-
A SUITABLE ROOM
ITIS GREAT WORK.
You speak of your friend Tomkins as a great man, said Spykes, but what has he ever done for humanity) Ho .invented a new drink, replied Spokes, after a moment's thought.
be cx-
o--
AN OPPORTUNITY
Supposing I give you your eup^cr.
said the tired-looking woman will you do to earn it ?
Madam, eetd Meandering Mike, I'll rive you de opportunity .of sceln' a inan gk t'roo a whole meal wit out findiiV fcult wit' ft single t ing.
The woman thought x minute and Ihcn told him to ootu# an* shea | set tho table.
GAINING DISTINCTION.
He has broken my heart, wailed a beautiful girl. There, there— don't take on eo, said her friend, in tones of deepest sympathy. It might have been your bicycle I
Cholly does put away a lot of lemonade and soda water.
Yes; he's a hard drinker of soft l drinks.
24 per cent, of British emigrants travel cab j nr and 76 steerage.
titled.
i
___L
###PAGE###3###
—

!«*ê*#*******#êê#êeêéâêt##êêé#<yéé#êêêêêe#â#, ^'^^•;d0^Wat|'"_Wh" t0 g<> b°Ck i t********************************************	THE COUNTRY HOME
' DUKE OF CORNWALL M*1!l Ml« t	Duchess of Cornwall <*¦¦"! SSSr«
î of IIj«	ha<l been rained to the rank, of cap- ! Z	t mmm a	> four children. The Heir Presumptive
A \J|\	I	| tain in the Royal Navy, but it wan 4? n tt A X7/x 1	I	? to tho Throne, Prince Edward of
amj i ukr. d, u, d, d, j itojii nigh»™. * zz; % ana York. — mm
î****vv**^*^*#*#*#*Vv^^^#^#**#*^**#«P#<l#***##^ ing*1 of nil h^ncw^cen^nmnhU duties	f	Port; on J,,nc 2;i
¦¦¦ke*!
ed to over £100,000. apart from ?/, York a Ute which created by cond voyugc round the world, com- .h	r /	tL	; Commander-in- a more accomplished	and cultured
£10.000 allowed for the separate use H,c !ar< 11 1,1 ld85' hftd ftlway8 bcpn mcncing with Australia and	°*	tho	™nce?8, A,u" young ,ûdy thun fiho c<,ul<1 Possibly
of his Consort sivt v ,innunn,| „ confined to	gust	a, who married the Grand Duke have been but for that experience
year alono from the Duchy of Corn- 1,10 Sultan at Stamboul, him mater- ENDING WITH CANADA.	"I	Moolc'cnburg-StrellU ; and I’rin- Princess May attended her first
wall Is a handsome enough revenue «>< uncle tho King of Greece at Ath- That tho Heir Apparent is deeply	,	auj1°', wl'° married tho Royal Drawing-Room in the .
and it may truly bo said tbs * it e'is, and the Into Khedive Tew Ilk at imbued with tho Idea of Importai un- " ,h lock' become the moth- of 1886, and was present at two could not have devolved upon a more Cairo—having experience of men and Ry may he inferred, among other. ,.	l?	yr08Pnt	1 Irr,jess °*
careful economist than . its present things wherever ho went. After an- things, from tho fact that he and his '	‘ 1	mK' ns wpl1 us of
possessor, in whom there never was other course of gunnery trolining at Consort, conferred tho significantly
anything of the wild "Prince	Portsmouth, to which he volunteeredi additional names pf Oeorgo Aivircw JPHHIHHHHHHHHPBUH
still less of tho Prodigal Son.	he was next appointed to the North- Patrick David—those of the pntmn was the only young Princess about honored with her presence as g
IIIS CHARACTER	umber land, flag-ship of the Channel j saints of our four nationalities- .in the Court in the late Queen's young- Q? at tho tbeulre an(1 oU,cr Public
was formed in the two best «rhoni» *Squadron, and during tho naval man-, their eldest son, Prince Edward, voo cr days, and thence bore something P accs, and the bright, self-reliant, of our national virtues—the familv • oeuvres of 1^89 he was placed in com- now stands In direct succession to I like the relation of a younger sister a most aU(,ac,uUS countenance of the circle and tho fleet. In his moss tires nu,nd of a torpedo bout—which, by tho Throne and thus in his own boy- towards her. Hut, though thus seen gay an( ’nppy ymmg 1 nnccss bo-to tlio navv and army on succeeding the way, also took part in the grand ish self incorporates the United King- and admired by many, it was not camc fam!liar to mftny P' °Pie. to tho Throne, Edward VII. rightly rcvipw ut sPlthead in honor of his dom. Tho Duke of York is now en- till she was thirty-three years old Constantly together as they were, thought ho was paying tho former collsln	j gaged in a mission which is bound to that she met her fate. Then a young Princess May could not but be ilithe highest compliment in his power T1ir rFnMAisj rMPPnnn	rPKult lri tho closer unity of tho whol Prince, a few years younger than ; spired with the characteristics of
when ho reminded it that, as her de-	Ul Empire. Apart from its purely polit- herself, and almost as handsome as her "English" mother. Of these
ceased Majesty "had made it the pro- As a result of his solid merits I ical "Rpccts, Hits mission, with its the Queen's husband, appeared on perhaps the most notable were char-fession of my late lamented brother, Prince George was soon thereafter bracing sca-hrerzos and its healthful I the scene He was Prince Francis of ity and industry. The Duchess of so I also chose it for the early edu- (May 1890) appointed to command changes, will also, as we all hopeJ lock, the only son of the then Duke Teck was very industrious. All her cation of both my sons."	the gunboat Thrush for service on have thc cffect of strengthening the Alexander of Wurtemberg. The chil- housekeeping was done by herself ;
After two years' training on the the North American and West Indian co,lfllitution of its ilh,strioufl chief, uren of this union, the eldest son she wrote innumerable letters, both Brittnnin, the Royal brothers were Stations, a command which he held wh,,so i,,npss Prevented him from he- being the father of the Duchess of friendly and charitable, with her transferred to thc steam corvette for thirteen months and it was dur- ing Misent 111 the final scene in the | York, were called "reck," as that own hand ; and she always had some Bacchante, commanded by Captain ing this period that lie was deputed momentous life-drama of his grand- ja one of the lessor titles of the piece of needlework ready to take (now Admiral) Lord* Charles Scott, by the Queen to represent Her Mn- mothpr’s rpign’ aa wo11 as the open- Kings of Wurtemberg.	up to fill unconsiflcrcd trifles of
and ns "middies" on board this ves- jesty at the opening of thc Indus- ing srn,v‘ in the <IrniHa of King Ed- Hie young Prince Francis of Teck time. In a little pai*?r Uiat s*,c sel they made a memorable voyage trial Exhibition in Jamaica, on Ward V,I<	wont to England In 1800 to visit once wrote to recommend the
round tho world, visiting among oth- which occasion lie specially request-	th(S 1 ri,1C0 of wales, whom he had i "Needlework Guild" to ladies, she
cr places, Halifax, N.S., thc West In- od of tho Admiral in charge of the	-0- mpt	0,1 the Continent. Ho was pre- | observed that both she and her
dies, South America, the Cape, Aus- station that ho might simply be	BOEP<3	fmtpt? ate	spnt at a dmner at St. James’ Pal- daughter always had a piece of knit-
tratia, Fiji, Japan, China. Singn- treated as an ordinary naval officer.	'	”c® the 7th of March, and there ting or needlework lying ready
pore, Ceylon, Egypt, tho Holy Land On returning to England the Prince I	*	met the I rincess Mary Adelaide ; on take up at an odd moment, and that
and Greece; a voyage of which tho was promoted to the rank of com- Are Leaving for German South | ^P1’1* ' t-h, while walking with heir in the result of these accumulated mo
Princes kept a careful diary-record, mander (of tho second class cruiser	West Africa.	IKpw Gardeiî8’ *?eai’ Kpw c:7ttage. monts was astonishing. Charity
which was afterwards published os Mclampus) being then only in his	'	where she lived with her widowed deed, took almost the form of
tho "cruise of II.M.S. Bacchante," twenty-seventh year and the four- Twenty Boers, who live in A ms 1er- mother, he proposed to the Princess business—at least it was an ever with additions by Mr. Dalton, and teentli of his naval service but with (,am’ wiu leavc for Herman South- and was accepted, and thc wedding present duty—with the Duchess, and Was read by the public with the deep- fts good a record behind him as any Wc8t Africa shortly, and in Decern-1 took place on July 12th, after some in this respect, too, Princess May
I of his contemporary mates. This ber >2(±? Caic ^lonists will leave
Capo Town for the same destination.
These people have been influenced to emigrate by the favorable reports received from Cape Colonists and Transvanlcrs who emigrated there last spring. They are, without exception, perfectly sasisfied. Twenty five of the forty who went there have bought land and arc very busy cultivating it. They affirm that they have seen nothing of the German bureaucracy, which had been painted to them in such dark colors ; on thc contrary, the kindness of the Governor and his officials cannot be praised enough. All find thc climate very good. Some have started sheep ! breeding, and, beginning with only a few hundred, they have had a great increase in lambs, which thrive very well.
The plan conceived by the German administration of the Camcr-oons to penetrate into the country as far north as the Iliver Benue, and to found a settlement at Gama, is now to be carried out. First Lieutenant Dominik will lead an expedition through Adamara, and establish himself at Garna. It will not be a military expedition, but will consist of a caravan of carriers i and workmen. A large military ex- I pedition cannot be sent owing to the lack of men. The Colonial Administration will, for the present, only gain a footing there. The "Settlement will establish relations with the natives and accustom them to German I rule. The intention is not to ad- | vanco as far as Lake Chad, which is | situated 400 kilometres from Benue, and could only bo reached with a great military force. Owing-to the disturbances in the coast districts | of the Cameroons, the whole garri-1 son must remain there for some time to come.
t
tender care and mip-The Duchés» of
year

THE HERMIT OF CAPE MALEA.
Pathetic Story of An English Sea
Captain.
LONDON COURT CIRCLES
us ns tho Duke of

About twenty-five years ago there was a young English sailor who, by dint of hard work, integrity of character and firmness of will, reached at the ago of 2(• tho summit of his bit ion—becoming n master of what then would be called a good-sized
some 900 tons register.
spring
or
Corn-
three
three other Sate functions in that year. She was a constant companion of lier mother at all the private gatherings which the Duchess of Teck
well

nm-
PHINCESS MARY ADELAIDE
steamship,
Upon this accession to good fortune he married
the girl of his choice, patiently waited for him since as boy and girl sweethearts they parted on his first going to And with rare complacency his ers gave him the inestimable
who had
sea. own-privilege of carrying his young bride to sea with him.
How happy ho was ! I Tow deep and nil-embracing his pride, as steaming down thc grimy Thames hi explained to the light of his eyes all the wonders that she was now witnessing for the first time, but which he had made familiar to her mind by his oft-repeated sea stories during the few bright days between voyages that it had been able to develop to courtship. The ship was bound to several Mediterranean ports. the time being late autumn, and consequently the most ideal season fur a honeymoon that could possibly be i imagined. Cadiz, Genoa,
Venice, a delightful tour with one weary moment wherein to wish for something else. Even a flying u visit to old Koine from Naples had been possible, for thc iwo officers, rejoicing in their happy young skipper's joy, saw to it that no necessary cares should trouble him, and bore willing testimony, in order that he should get as much delight out of those halcyon days as possible that thc entire crew were as docile as could be wished, devoted to their bright commander and his beautiful wife. Then at Venice came orders to proceed to Galntz and load wheat for home. Great was the glee of the girl-wife. She would sec Constantinople and the Danube. Life would hardly he long enough to recount all the wonders of this most wonderful of wedding trips. And they sailed, with hearts overbrimming will as the blue sky above them seemed welling over with sunlight.

i
to
Naples, not
u li-
es t interest.


r

A
«
fis
t
V/


C
joy

I
i
rJ>
I
<
/
WIND AND WEATHER
favored them, nothing occurred to cast a shadow over their happiness until nearing Cape Ma lea at that fatal hour of the morning, just before the dawn, when more collisions occui than at any other time, they were run into by a blundering Greek steamer txnunjc the other way, and cut down amidships to the water's edge. To their peaceful sleep or quiet appreciation of the night’s silver 'N splendors succeeded thc overwhelming flood, the hiss and roar of escaping steam, thc suffocating embrace of death. In that dread fight Jor life all perished but one, he so lately tho happiest of men, tho skipper. Instinctively clinging to a fragment of wreckage, he had been washed ashore under Cape Malea at the ebbing of the scanty tide, and his strong physique reasserting itself enabled him to reach the plateau. Here he was found gazing seaward by some goat-herds, who, in search of their nimble-footed flocks, had wandered down the precipitous side of the mountain. They endeavored to persuade him to come with tlwm back to the world, but in vain. Her would live, gratefully accepting some of their poor provisions but from that watching place he would not go. And those rude peasants, understanding something - of Gf his woe, sympathized with him so deeply that without payment or hope of any, they helped him to build his hut, and kept him supplied with such poor morsels of food and drink as sufficed for his stunted needs.
And there, with his gaze fixed during all his waking hours upon that inscrutable depth wherein all his bright hopes had suddenly been quenched, he lived until quite recent years, "the world forgetting, by the world forgot," a living monument of constancy and patient, plaining grief. Hy his friends. whose language he learned, he was regarded as a saint, and when one day they came upon hit* lifeless body fallen forward upon his knees at thc little unglazed window through which he was wont to look out upon the sea where his dear one lay, they felt confirmed in their opinion of the sanctity of the hermit of/Cape Malea.

1


s
s
«C
•l
x



%
1
%
\
I
EP
X3







%
*


sc w
f
cS
v

/

<
syQ-
a
%
«




/°


y
%

f
i
Wfjpo
fh
V

\


V* *
f
)
I


»
x


(
DUKE OF CORNWALL AND YORK.
DUCHESS OF CORNWALL AND YORK
TIIE ROYAL FAMILY
On returning from tho voyage
t„ï kjst'jzs is-s t
foi six months to peifeet tlw nisLlves three cases ^at least they had suc-1,1 French, and then then* paths for cce<jccj to the Throne—two of them, thc first time diverged, to their great H yill. and Charles L, after thc sorrow—for they had ever been a do- doath of their elder brothers
\oled pair Prince Eddy coming Iast bearer of the title had been the ashore, so to speak to acquire those, 8olUier son of Ucorgo m graces and accomplishments, inde-apensablo to a prince standing in direct succession to thc Throne, which were impossible of attainment on the deck of a ship; and Prince George
sixteen weeks* acquaintance. Queen was trained to follow her mother's Victoria was present at the wedding example, in Kew Church.
The Duchess of Cornwall and York THAT “OFF” -FLAVOR CHEESE | was thc first child of the young
couple, and was born at Kensington Palace at one minute before midnight or. May 30th, 1867. The baby was
baptized in the long string of names knew him, Albert Victor, Duke above given, in Kensington Palace, Clarence, was betrothed to his pretty tho Queen being one of tho sponsors cousin May, public satisfaction with proxy, and the	the
who was present in person, another
Such work as all this is not done so whole-heartedly and kindly without winning recognition ; and when it was announced in December, 181)1, that the then Heir to the Throne, Prince Edward, or, as the public
o
The
Prof. Harrison Thinks He Has Found the Bacteria.
, who was
our commander-in-chief for many
years. Having thus succeeded to his The difficulty over tho ill-flavored brother’s position as heir apparent chceso from a number of Ontario facto the Throne, the new Duke of York tories is in a fair way to be cleared after a decorous interval, also step- Up. Hon. Mr. Drydcn is in receipt ped into his brother s shoes in re- of a letter from Prof. Harrison, bac-
betrothed, Princess Vic- toriologist at thc Ontario Agrivillas to a scene of future honor and	toria Mary of 'Jock, whose formal	tural	College,	stating	that	he	has
usefulness. As a midshipman on the	engagement to Prince "Eddy"	had	found	n	species	of	bacteria,	which,
Canada he served with distinction on only been announced a few weeks be- he thinks, tho North American and West Indian fore ho died. This matrimonial nr- "off" flavor Stations, which gavo him an oppor- rangement has its analogue in the tunity of visiting the Dominion, then case of the Czar Alexander III. of under the governorship of his uncle Russia, who hud similarly taken ov-by marriage, tho Marquis of Lome,	cr the matrimonial engagement	of
tin his nineteenth birthday (June 3,	his elder brother, the Czarevitch	de-
1881) lie passed as sub-lieutenant, ceased, to Princess Dagmar of Den-obtaining a "first-class" in seaman- mark, sister of the Princess of Wales, ship; and in little more than ft year It was said that Prince George had
thereafter, having spent tho interval long been an admit cr of Princess gome months has puzzled cheese-in hard study at the Naval College. May. but had stood aside in favor of : makers and farmers alike. It is in-Greenwich, and IT.M.S. Excellent at I his elder brother, and had now si in- j tended that he should examine thc Portsmouth—a ship which is not a ply reverted to lus old love. Ibis niiIk can9 jn which the whey is car-ship but an island— he obtained his was the luvt time smee Janips 11 » t ied back to the farms, and also pos-lieutenancy, after taking a ‘first- who had also been a Duke of York, gibIy thc stables. It lias been notic-class" in fivo of his subjects— sea- that an heir to the ! hrono had chos- cd (hat thc -0n»» flavor is irregular manship, navigation, torpedo, gun- en an English bride, so tho Dntifch jn its appearance, and sometimes is nery and pilotage; and it Is known public were all the more in favor of not prcscnt for tlays at n time.
that his severe examiners were	no re-	tho marriage, though the blood of	The	complaint came first respecting
specters of persons.	.	I rincess May was not exactly a fresh	chcoso	nm(Io at the Innerklp factory.
After this his career was as rapid introduction into tho Itoya family, The	flftvor has sinco been de-
as it could be by dint of honest nier-	she myJ the Prince, among; other con-E tçd	at n scoro or morc othor fac-
H and not of rank, which is	not a	sanguineous ties having h.id a com-	torios	nt irregular intervals, and as
thing to conjecture with in the Brit-	mon ancestor	in tho person of G ecu go j ^	thc	price	of	the	chceso	in
Navy i	i alters of promotion.	Ill Ecvei	was a Royal mart utgo
First, appointed toXho Thunderer on more popular, and its celebration on the Mediterranean Station, ho was duly < th, 389.1, will always rank as transferred to tho Dreadnought, and one of the most splendid and ine-to tho Alexandra, flag-ship of his morablo pageants of tho Victorian
sailor-uncle, tho Duke of Edinburgh, era.	.	....	,	, ,	_
under whom	ho remained for three	Tho Duke had once already, if ru- million people	emigrated	from	Ire
years, during	which time he visited	wor could be	,trusted, returned* to his I land
' ENG LIS! t FRINCKSS,''
PRINCESS MAY
STICKING TO THE SEA
thc daughter of thc beloved Princess remained her mother’s only girl ; M«ry. Duchess of Teck. was very three brothers did not take tho place fUcat. J he Queen, w ho had always of the one daughter, and the tender , ^lt ailf* shown great kindness to her relation between the Duchess of Tcck cousin’s family, gave her hearty ap-and her one girl was of the closest proval t° I*10 match, and prepara-and fondest throughout their life, ^ions fot the wedding were imme-Retwcen Princess May and her «hately begun. Alas ! those happy brothers and the children of tflic Plans werc clouded over almost inPrince and Princess of Wales there «tontly. Only two or three weeks was a good deal of intimacy and fre- aHer tho betrothal, influenza broke (iuent family visiting. They were out with great virulence at Sandringham. Prince "Eddy" was taken ill only on .January 8, and on January 14 he passed away,!
is responsible for the j He is experimenting with it to ascertain, if possible, if it is the same as that found in the milk about which complaint Is made.
Prof. Harrison, who is assisted in the investigation by Prof. Dean of the dairy department, has instructions to spare no effort in the at-	, , ,	. Jjj
tempt to solve a question that for much of an age, the Duke of ( larence ¦¦¦j |	|	the Prince of Wales eldest son, be-
ing three years and the Duke of
York only two years Princess May’s Something more than a year elaps-senior. Prince George (now Duke of ed before it was made known that Cornwall and York), was the tho Duke of York had offered him-"picklc" of his family at the time, self to his cousin, and that after of gaiety and pranks. Ho had j all Princess May was to be the bride not then hanging over him the re- of the Heir to the Throne. The same sponsibility of being heir to the reasons that had made the original throne, but expected to pass his life marriage with the Heir popular were in thc perhaps really more pleasant now added to by public sympathy
comparative obscurity of a younger with thc loss that she had sustained, An excellent building material son. Princess May was very gay and and the marriage was generally op- scmMing pressed brick but harder, is lively too ; but perhaps the gentle proved. The Queen gave it all the n >w being made at European and more melancholy elder cousin distinction in her power by attend- works from coke ashes, was more attractive to her lively ing in State at the ceremony, which .troublesome waste. Thc spirit at that time.	1	took place in the Chapel Royal, St. carefully powdered
Many as aid tho calls and respon- James', on July G, 1893.	tenth part of slacked lime
sibilities of a Royal housekeeper, and Apartments in St. James' Palace into a stiff paste with costly as is the education of sons, called York House, were provided as pressed into bricks like ordinary thc Duke and Duchess of Tcck, whose a town residence, and York Cottage, clay. Thc bricks, protected from income for their station was email, in Sandringham Park, was enlarged, min, harden in the air without tin found it necessary in 1883 to give and became	; aid of artificial heat.

uncom-
humblo
never
full
A NEW BUILDING MATERIAL
ré-
gnait ivherto a ICS ; n mixed with a formed
tho English market it was deemed necessary to find thc cause and the remedy at once.
watt
and
Between 1850-1800 one and a half
-
A
/
\
###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
SMART & SMITH
MASSEY-HARRIS
PONTIAC Seasonable
WOOLLEN
SHAWVILLB
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE, OCT. 10, 1901
o

*- fi'rf
(D
Autumn is here again and it is sure to bring muddy weather.
Toronto, Sept. 2l>.—President Herri-nuu of Lindsay, addressing the conference of charities and corrections which assemble! here yesterday, suggested that government might appropriate a portion
of A’gonquin Park for a consumptive.	.
sanitarium. A moderate outlay would | H&V0 C0DlII16IlC6d 0p6FB- |f VOU WQiit
”.«* “ H.	,SZ: I ^ for Ihe season and1
banish the disease
MILLS
Cold Weather
Requisites.
Boots, Rubbers, or Oil-Tan Moccasins
will be found thoroughly equipped to do a satisfactory trade with the farmers of the surrounding country.
Ruddin, ex Mayor of Liverpool, was in I	_	...	,
Toronto, opening a depot there for the | vUStODl WOrK Will T6C61V6
careful and prompt attention, and the public may rely on getting the best satisfaction.
High prices for fowl will probably rule in Canada this winter, This is because Canadian birds hare become Great Britain. Last week
Dopular in Mr James
Cooking Stoves and Heaters
Horse Blankets Robes.
Give us a call.
purchase and shipment of fowl and game birds of all kinds, and appointed Mr. M. P. Mallon his Canadian manager. Mr. Ruddin a modest order is for two million birds. That means he wants all he can get. He is a'ated to have several million pounds of capital behind him. Another enterprise, it is said, has been hunched the purpose of which is to tike advantage of the high prices for fowl on the English market in spring. A company has been formed which will purchase a large quantity of fowl and keep it here over winter in cold-storage shipping it over in the spring.—Globe.
$
We keep the Linton Boots, which we can recommend. Also No. 1 Oil-Tan Moccasins. No second grades or culls sold here.
*
; ANDREW IJODCiNS,
MACFARLANE BROS.
Here it is !
The Place New Grinder
Big stock of Coarse and Fine Harness.
>
Big Wm. Whistle—he who made the fuunyspeach before the Duke and Duchess at the shanty in Rxkcliffe—fill a victim to a little girl with sunny ways and he parted with a big wooden s'ool which the Royal Duke sat upon while in the than 7.
Souvenirs of the Duke's visit were much sought after by visitors to the shanty and it is said the plate the Duke used was sold to about twentyfive different people so that many paid for and are prizing plates that the Duke never saw. Tuesday afternoon the shanty was nearly cleaned out of everything portable and the big genial foreman was showing some visitors a
roughly made wooden stool which the	. e
Duke had sat upon. The seat was made r Q l/OTPfi 11 On IH CY of the section of a tree.	BUUUglllllgj
A little girl named Ethel Dixon, whose	¦% #s	¦
address could not be learned, asked the	KQQTinPf 3.110
big foreman how much he would sell it	I	ID
for. While he was thinking alnut the	Dnno	fY
price, a bystander remarked 44 Remember	llBUCll ¦ llIH
It’s a pretty gill who wants to buy it ”	*	¦
Mwtiy done at lowest 1901
the seat away in triumph, It was a heavy	PTlCGSe
load for so small a girl but the pleasure of |je possessing the trophy appeared to be greater than the weight of the stool.
Ottawa Journal.
SMART & SMITH.
I
In order to meet our increased trade we
have put in a New Champion Grinder
with a capacity of 80 to 100 bushels per hour (double that of the old one.) Farmers can depend upon getting their hashing done in a first-class manner and without delay.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
P. S.—Percival Sulkey and Walking Ploughs.
THE SfjAWVILLE MILLING CO.
1901
\
OR
'O'-
DALE BROS.
OREMOST
URNITURE.

V
>
Shawville.
A Western Explanation
/
“ The slanderous reptile who runs the ! P. S.—Highest price paid
:%%%%% i«:lfor Calfskins nnd Pells.
that our wife has sued us for divorce on account of excessive and repeated cruelty.
In order that our readers may know just how much truth thete is in this story.
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.
FARMERS, Before you commence your Fall plowing come and take a look over our stock of Plows. Sulkey Plows guaranteed to be the best on the market. We also handle Tinkler’s Patent Plow.
Public Notice.
_	...	-, Public Notice is hereby given that the
we will expliiu. Our wife has not sued Board of School Commissioners of Ciaren-um for divorce stall. We haven’t any don will receive tenders for Firewood-wife. We never had a wife. The whole dry pine, birch, maple and beech-for the
s Ks-ffsr: ts tiFSEr
ettdct that we are to be married week tractors are required to remember, after next. And there isn't any truth By order, HUGH MATHESON, in this story, either. It is all we can do	Sec.-Treas
to support ourself in this darned town, let alone a wife. But if the lying old blatherskite of the Rotate Creek sheet doeaent wait to get in to trouble let him keep out of our way for the next month or two.
• #
# #
e e
We have also a fipst-clase
rtment of
a
CHARGES MODERATE. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
TERMS REASONABLE.
PERSONAL ATTENTION
McRAE » McGUIRE.
SHAWVILLE.
J. GRAHAM
Shawville, 5th Oct., 1901
A $333, 030 Timber Limit Deal
FOR SALE.
THE MARKETS.
Mr. Robert Hurd man, the wellkr.own Ottawa lumberman, ham purchased fiom R. If. Klcck Sr Co. 228 miles of timber limits on the Kas Kana river, an K'ppewa To Banish Anarchists From The : district, tho price being in the neighbor*
Continent.	I he of of $385,009. Competent bush
Fifty young Pigs—cross from old Chcs-White Sows and Berkshire Hog. 30 ready 5th October ; 20 two weeks later. Price $1.25 each. Apply to
Ë. GRAHAM, I Klmsidc P. O
Public Notice.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 00 to OOe
ter
We Satisfy.
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Shawville.
Public Notice Is hereby given to nil proprietors of real estate and resident householders of this municipality that the Collection Roll of school taxes established by School Commissioners of this Municipality has been made and completed, and that it now is and will remain in my possession for inspection by parties interested durimr thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended. Any ratepayer may, during the said delay complain of such Roll, which shall lx taken Into consideration and homologated with or without amendment at the meeting of Commissioners to take place on the 18th day of October, at the place where the meetings are usually held, at the hour of seven o’clock in the afternoon ; but such delay expired it shall come into force and every person interested, after having taken cognizance thereof if he so desire, shall pay the amount of his taxes to the undersigned at his office within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty da vs, without further notice.
Given at Shawville this 16th day of the month of September, In the year 1901.
H. LANG,
Sec.-Trcas.
Oats per bushel, 00 to 30c.
----	. I range s report that these limits contain a I pease per bushel, 63 to 65c
Mayor Morns has received a circular large quantity of lvgh grade timber, ao letter from the headquarters of the Liyal that Mr. hurdman has evi iently acquired League of Americaat Tacoma, Waahingt n a most valuable property. Tue limits are calling up residents of the United State* about f< r y n.i'es from the Kippewa rail-and Canada to uni e in suppressing an- way station, at Cordon Creek archy. The league has as its stated ob- Klock & Co still hold a c msiderable ject the u‘ter annihilation of anarchists | of timber lands, including some 309 aod anarchistic teachings within the | on the Temiacamingue and Quinze, bordera of North America and to prevent disloytpy to existing forms of government “ The preebe ine of work, the communication states, ” cannot at present be outlined ; this must follow more compete organization—state aid national legislation is, of course, its ultimate object. At present organization of public sentiment that wi 1 keep these vipers in their holes and their tongues silent is essential.
C
Buckwheat, 40c. per bush. Eggs, per dozen, 12c.
Butter, per pound, 00 to 15c. Wool, per pound, 14 to 15c. Pelts, each, 00 to 73c.
Hides, $4.00 to $5.50. Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each
CHAWVILLE’S
U NEW
the
PEOPLE WHO BUY THIER GOODS AT OUR STORE GO AWAY SATISFIED THAT THEY PROCURE
Messrs, area miles
SASH and DOOR
BEST VALUE FOR THEIR MONEY
A Family Feud
FACTORY.
OTTAWA
IN ALL LINES OF
MAYOR PREP YNTAINE REPUDIATES MR TARTES CHARGES HE SHOULD APOLOGISE
OENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Butter, print, 23c. per lb.
pails. 19 to 21c. per lb.
Montreal, Oct. G.—A quarrel! has	fresh, 17c. per aoz.
broken cut between Lion. Mr. Tarte,	New Potatoes, 65c. per bag.
minister of public works, and Mayor	Lamb, 8 to 10c. per lb.
Prefontaine, of Montreal, who also re-	Mutton, 0 to8c. perlb.
presents Maissonouve in parliament, in	Beef, 4 to 6c. per lb.
the Liberal interests. The quarrel	Pork. $7.00 to $8.75 per 10Û.
paused by Mr. Tarte» charging that	Chickens, 40 to 70c. a pair,
the Montrea! board of trade had been	Oats. 4o to 43c. per bushel.
i'r£*•£»“•«»-<-
Ascroft, B. C., Oct. 4 —The Royal organ, cn Sa urday contained a strong 00 ' ' 0 per * party passed through here last evening on article against Mr. Prefontaine, It is be-the run back from the Pacific Coast The Never the a-tide emanated from Mr. last ceremony on the Coast was the re- Tarte, who, at any rate is blamed for it, caption on the wharf at Vancouver of a and Mr. Prcfrn'aine has answered it by large number of Indians, repreaenting a vigorous attack on the minister, who, he the Port Simpson, Mission Coast Ma:n- says, is a danger to the Liberal party a d land and Sechelt tribes. They presented who is dehying the harbor works, Mr. the Duchess with the41 Hat of the Chiefs" Prefontaine says, because he cannot do (Kiti-Um-Shamorgat), a head-gear which what he wishes. Mr. Prefontaine says they venerate and hold as ot priceless the charges against such a body of men value, it having been handed down from &s compose the board were most uncalled countless generations. Half a drzsn bands for and Mr. Tarte should apologise.
“ God Save the King " and the _..	—,--,  __________

0
In connection with ray former business I have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
p HAVE A LOOK AT THE CHOICE SELECTION OF
SEASONABLE GOODS
Sash,
Presented With Headgear
WE ARE NOW SHOWING BEFORE LAYING IN YOUR : :	FALL SUPPLIES. :
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, 86c
A RARE GIFT FJR DUKI OF YORK
Silas Young,
" Notice to Boiler Owners-
PATENTS
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-class work.
In accordance with the provisions of the Act 57 Victoria, Cap. 30, every owner of a steam boiler carrying over six (6) pounds of steam, is obliged every year to supply the Inspector of Factories with a certificate of inspection of their boiler and steam Owners will be notified by Inspec-and shall afford him every means for the inspection. Copies of certificates must be returned by 30th October, 1901. Every Owner that opposes such inspection, or neglects to comply, after being notified, will be prosecuted at once. Any owner that has not been notified will at once communicate with
Starke’s
Corners.
PROMPTLY SECURED
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future Increase in business.
Write for our interesting books •' Inventor’s Help" end " Mow you are swindled.'* Send us a rough sketch or model of your in-, vention or improvement and we will tell you, free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Rejected applications have often, been successfully prosecuted us. We, conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal, and Washington; tills qualifies us to prompt-, ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents, as broad as the invention. Highest references, furnished.	i
Patents procured through Marion & Ma-, rion receive special notice without charge in , over loo newspapers distributed throughout, the Dominion.	,
Specialty Patent business of Manufac-< turers ami Engineers.	<
MARION & MARION j
. Patent Experts and Solicitors, j
J Office- / New York Life B'ld'g, nontreal (Unices: { Atlantic Bldg.Woehin*t,m D.C.
•Mi
pipes.
tor of District
t
JOHN 6. ELLIOTT
FRESH and CURED
warships in the harbir fired the iv>ya! salute as the Royal train pulled out <f Vancouver for the east. Yesterday afternoon, between Yale and North Bend the Duke and Duchess with some of the suite mounted a specially prepared engine, with arm chair strapped upon it, and rode for some miles amid the wonderful rock
scenery of Fraser canyon. Tho Royal ,	- T M
party will divide at Banff, when the Duke	Designs
will go on with a small following to Poplar	Copyrights Ac.
Point, Manitoba, to shoot small game on Anyone sending aeke,<;51*nd dc^pt«onmay
Senator ivirchhcfier e ranch, Ine Dachesa	»n Is probably patentable. Communie*-
remains at the Mountain Resort twod.ya,
where a programme ha» been arranged for *%%%,%%hm th.
Haas™™ Scientific American.
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
MEATS
PROPRIETOR.
I
LOUIS GUJON,
Prov. Factory Inepee
88 St. Gabriel Street,
Montreal
ATENTS
tor,
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
of all kinds at
FARM
THE SHAWVILLE
W|eat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
To buy well, wetch the latest prices and information in the special 7 R fl OE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer end Storekeeper The Hardware end Metal Merchant The Ori Seeds Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
Samples ?r#e
MacLEAN PUB. CO.. Limited
To Let or Give on Shares.
Tne province of Ontario has been awarded the gold medal for cheese which is sent to the Pan American and which competed with the whole of North and South America. The exhibits consisted of 130 boxes and were the product of 67 factories of Ontario, situate in both the east and west	5
Comprising Lots 13 and 14 on the 7th range of Clarendon aud containing 2U0 acres of land. The premises are in good working condition, with all necessary buildings erected thereon. Terms reason able. For further particulars apply to Hodoins Bros., North Clarendon1 or J. M. Hodoins, Shaw ville.
A handsomely 111 tut rated weekly. Largest dr-dilation of any sclenUBo Journal. Terms, |« a year : four months, |L Sold by all newsdealers.
m
South Renfrew’s fair was one of the successful ones this year. The great tug of war contest wis won by the Horton team.
to.
Proorietor.


j
###PAGE###5###

THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Rooms.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
Court Shawvillef
Hojns.
Meets the Ub Wednee day of every month.
Court dues muet be paid
promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cor-dlaTly Invited.
H. 8 Baknstt, F.8
mmm
SUÉ
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interest*.
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY
AT 8HAWVILLE, Co. FOOT!AC, QUE. 8UBSCRirr/0M-$t.Q0 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher,
Successful Fall Opening.

L:MW
Our Stock in every Line is Completeness Itself.
X. A. Cowan, R 8.
John Beckett, C. R
o
ADVERTISING RATES :
Legal advertising, eight cent* per line for Aral Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
'Business cards not eioeedlngone Inch inserted at $4.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and three ceuts for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or I The spot for— tor longer periods inserted at low rates, | which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will l>e Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth» marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry th cents per tine.
HAWVILLB HAVING PARLOR, JOHN SN|ITH> Proprietor.
s
9
We have on exhibition at The Busiest Store one of the best displays of Fall Goods ever shown.
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
r
I
tiT Your Turn next.
ree
t*
CEO. HYNES,
Our Direct Importations of German-made Jackets are the admiration of all the ladies. They are moving out rapidly. Come quick and secure first choice.
JOB PRINTING

The Perrin. Sulkey Plow.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER.
SHAW V IXiLE, - - QUE.
The construction of this Plow is such that all dragging on the ground or against the land is done away with, and as a result, even with a heavy driver, its draught is lighter than any other plow doing the same work. The width and depth of the furrow can be regulated with certainty by the driver without his getting off the plow and without interfereing with the management of the team.
Intending purchasers will be allowed to have a trial of the plow to convince themselves of these facts.
Publisher
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
New Dress Suitings, New Stock of Furs, New Winter Blankets, New Fall Underwear, New Overcoats,
New Hosiery,
New Blouse Materials.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq,	M.D..C.M.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
Graduate or McGill University,1
Office—Residence of the late Dr. H. H Knox, Shawvllle.
Office hours—Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
I also keep a complete stock of r une ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. H
A. SMILEY.
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Vie torts University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
The Best Assortment
The Largest Stock
0rnt”TA^sTRerr -J'-s,uwnLu*'	I District and Country.
AT
Earnest Hoy received such injuries by a premature explosion at Copper Cliff that he died in the hospital at Sud but y,
Alex McKechnie, formerlr of Ottnwa,
dropped dead la?t week in West Bay City,,	___	_	_	.	, _	t1 ...
Mich.	W e never had such magnificent Furs—all stylish and
Joieph Leavitt, s new.b y at w<>r.dn‘r>ck, prices very low. Ladies’ and Gent’s Fur Coats, Collars,
Ont., hes been left a fortui c of #10,000 by L > t it i z< hie stepfather in England.	| Rllfts, Mil IT3 and (. clJUMlllCS,
McDonald—At Pembroke, on Sept.
29th, 1901, Margaret E. McDonald, aged 15 years, 4 months and 16 days, third daughter of Mr. Alexander McDonald, j
A hunt is being made in Canada for the mineral known aa “pitch-blend, " which
ft gfh	lAi DirUT I i*lll**à in the x ray« process. Perhaps
tibvi V« If lalUn I ^ U' me of item be fuuid in tie Ottawa
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC., I V*IIer- which '» «° "fh in “>inera!i. j
Win. Allen of Grenfell, Asainib u,
N. W. T , general agent, will apply to pirliament next reiti >n for divorce from hie wife, Lcuisa Allen
LEGAL.
and
Our Fur Department.
BOORBEAU RAINVILLE. L L L

ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
of Goods may be seen at
J. F. GRONAUS
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, &o.,
Room 20, Trust Building. No. 43 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At QUawvtlle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Ahfflce-over q. F. Hudgins’ Store, Main St.
to
G.F.HODGINS
LADYSMITH,
who keeps all the staple lines of
Dry Goods, Clothing, Boots & Shoes, Groceries, Hardware, Crockery, Paints, Oils, &c.

p. S.—Ladies’ and Misses’ Ready to Wear Hats very nobby.
OF THK PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
Trust Building-
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
If you warnt the Best Goods at the Lowest? rices make your purchases at J. F. Gronau’s.
Phone No. 1324.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
Shaw 3.
Pair barred Plymouth Chicks.—Dr Alexander 1, John M Hudgins 2, James W Ison 3th, line 3.
Pair white Rocks.—John M Hodgtns 1, J L Shaw 2.
Pair white Rock Chicks.—W A Armstrong 1, John M Hudgins 2.
Pair black Polands.—J J Turner 1.
Pair Ducks—Win Little 1, Thus Reid 2, Robt McDowell 3.
Pair Aylesburg Ducks—W A Arm strong 1.
Pair Guinea Fowls—John Robitaille 1, John M Hudgins 2.
Pair Buff Cochins—Dr A'exander 1.
Pair Buff Cochins Chicks—Harry Me Dowell 1.
Pair Andilusians—A R Smiley 1, Wellington Armstrong 2.
Pair silver laced Wyandottes—Dr Alexander 1, W A Armstrong 2.
Pair silver laced Wyandotte Chicks— Edward Hudgins 1, Dr Alexander 2, Mrs H Matheson 3.
Pair white Wyandottes—John M Hudgins 1.
Pair black Minorcas—Dr Alexander 1,
Arjbbiikop G.mt.ir ha, appointed LIST OF PRIZE WINNERS
Rar. John Meagher, Kingston, Dean of
Regiopolis College, to be assistant to Rev Sh&WVille Exhibition. Father 8 antou, Brockville.	___
ARTHUR MoCONEELL, B. C. L.
ADVOCATE, «Mk,
LAW CHAMBERS }
At Shawvllle 3rd Thursday each month. At request attends Courts in District of Pontiac. Prompt collections and immediate remittances. Special attention to
correspondents.
All kinds of Farm Produce taken in exchange.
I
Continued from last week.
Rebecca Garvin, Westmeath, Renfrew, MAIN STREET, I Ontario, will apply next session for a hi I j • - QUE. I of divorce from her husband, Oliver Garvin, j-., formerly of Renfrew but now reaid ng m Michigan.
DRAWING AND JUVENILE DEPARTMENT

HULL,
We are Agents for
Painting on Jars one Pair—Miss E -li 1, Miss M Shaw 2, Mrs L Cuthbert-
Ab shsm Li coin's coffin was opened * Minting on G ass—Miss Elliott 1, Mrs recently for the purpose of identification Cutbberteon 2.
before coi s gning the remains to the r Pencil Drawing—Mrs M Drummond 1, final resting place. The body, was Mi»a Mary Graham 2. found to be in a remarkably well preserved Crayon Drawing—Misa E l'ott 1. condition.	Oil Painting Scenery in County—Miss
mSSSSS»	SS- -
-• »UE.SSSSk'SmsS
didn't hsre the opportun!., of de.lin,	oj}} fl"k-M I McD.well 1,
MONEY TO LOAN on easy TERMS.	Huntingdon, Oof. 4 —Wm. Long, • psl> Kipp Pegged Boots—Wm T Bar
BRYSON, - - QUE.	farmer, of St. Agnes De Dundee, in this ber 1, Harry McDowell 2, Joseph Sly 3. John M Hudgins 2|	I
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and Sat- country, shot and instantly killed Daniel	'	Pair b.'ack Minorca Chicks—Dr Alex
urday of every week.	Leubert, farm laborer, working on a farm	_	.	__	^	'	... u .	ander 1. John M Hodgins 2, W A	Arm
owned b, Long but rented to Gerald	Carrisge Harde* Double-Arthur Smi-	„	3.
Davidson. Loubert put his team up at	a. , . .. a . Pair Langshangs—Nelson McLallaa 1,
, n , noon aud was about to feed them when , Carnage H *rne?s . i ^ e—Auhur. mi-1 pr Alexander 2.
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the Loan y Long met him st the barn door and shot	I	Pair Langshang Chick—Dr Alexander Flat Dutch Cabbage W A Armstrong 1,
a nrv^mal^n e * Goods ôV articles him. Death was instantaneous. Long Coarse Fine Harness Double-Arthur ^	McLeiian 2.	James	Wilson	5th, line 2.
o?any kind taken and disposed of by public came to Huntington, where he was ar- Smiley 1.	Pair Game Fowl—Jas L. Shaw 1, Wm Drum head Cabbage John G McDowell
or private sale on rea»on«bi^ terra s^Puib- reete<ii Dr C'ouston has gone to Dundee Lumber Harney—Arthur Smiley 1. Wilson 2.	1, W A Armstrong 2.
montb!*1* <v"riUety^of «nlcle» al«r»,« on	to hold an inveitigation. There ii no ip-	farming implbmtnts and carriage.	grain.	Specimen Ur.pee—M Leltoy 1, Alei
Land tor sale; Office: Shawvllle, Que,	parent cause for tne shooting. Long does	?	« t MnD utaII 1	I Fall Wheat—L Cuihbertson 1, L	Weig- Elliott 2, L Weigand 3.
: not express any regret for hi. deed.	fsm ™f£nt 2^ In.7nh Sir i	and 2.	Disp’ay of Potatoes-M D,union nd 1,
¦Saw®bSS'M.F’t ‘ÉiîsëSSki
paia-a-e.'.-:!
-aptriasmm
— » ^	'¦ œ JR2 jxn&i SE3F "™:'-*¦ fflbfe K KAZ&K
HffiSShaw tews*»**
JEWELLER stopped at nine minutes past 6 o’clock. Pair light Brahams Dr Alexander 1.	horticultural products It tt.w \fi,s Fllir.it I
"EÉr‘ -	HsyErt !
—üEEgi Ssei	JaffisaaltS
L. Scott, and a bill made out by W. L. Pair white Leghorn Chicks.—Dr Alex-/
QÏÏAW7IIIP 0 I Scott, City View Dairy company, for a ander 1, John M Hodgina 2. uiln “ f IbuiJ, W' j Hmaii AmoUDt.	i Pair buff Leghorn».— Dr Alexander 1.
Mr. Scott was a married man well- Pair brown Leghorns.—Dr Alexander 1,
known in business circles in Ottawa. He Thus Held 2. Harry McDowell* 3.
æèwsï'iIm	;
ft:ssrspsnés
Mr. W.'II. Mumo of Pembroke.	Scott.	I Alexander 1, \\ A Armstrong 2, J L
THE WINCHESTER
W. W. IRELAND,
SHAWVILLE
Rifles and Guns.
S. A. MAC KAY, B.C.L,,
If you want one write us.
McDOUCALL & CUZNER,
HARDWARE MERCHANTS,
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
J. J. TURNER,
Paper Flowers—Mrs L Weigand 1, Mrs J M Cunningham 2, Mrs Thomas R id 3.
Wild Moss Ornamental—Mrs A Smiley 1
Tidy Crochet—Miss Armstrong 1, Mrs W H Corrigan 2, Mrs John Smart 3.
Embroidery Chair Tidy—Miss Armstrong 1, Mrs H Birnelt 2.
Limbrequins—Mrs H Barnett 1, MrsA Richards 2.
Bast Display of Indies Ornamental Work—Miss Elliott 1, Mrs H Barnett 2, Mrs J Smith 3.
HOTELS.
Fell Over a Cliff.
St. Lawrence Hall,
T-, Q
Mrs C M. McLean,
Proprietress*
Terrible Accident
Good Accommodation ways well furnished.
First-class Li vert attached
NINE-YEAR-OLD BOY SHOT AND KILLED 19 MONTH-OLD BABY IN MOTHER S ARMS
Toronto, Oct. 4—A terrible accident occurred this morning at the residence of Mrs. Chater, No. 304 Lippincott, by which her brother, a little 9-year old boy, shot and instantly killed the nineteen-year-old girl baby of Mrs. Chater in her mother's arras. The boy came into the dining room of Mrs. Chafer’s residence with a message for her and after delivering it he lifted up a gun that was lying in a comer and began examining it. Then, not knowing it was loaded, he pointed it at Mrs. Chalet and the baby in her arms and tired. The bullet struck the child in the head ank killed it instantly. The police, after enquiry, decided that the terrible affair was entirely acc’dental.

« I
III'

i r-
to


a
N f '


L/
m


Bffl
Ma A:


m
¦j/Eâl "
79
Ac. Ac
L
RIPAT* I KO—
a Speciality

White Be’g an Carrots long—Alex son, 5ih line 3.
Bean 1.	Table Mats Embroidery—Mies Arm
White Belgian Carrots short—George strong 1.
Graham 1, R»bt McDowell 2.	| Crazy Work—Mrs H Birnett 1, Mrs
Turnips Swede purple top—James ; Thomas Rejd 2^Mrs Jas A Carswell 3 Steele 1, John G Armstrong 2	I

Shamrock II, Sir Thomas Lipton’n challender for the American Cup failed
at the international
to capture the trophy yacht rices off Sandy Hook Let week. Her opponent, the Columbia, won three consecutive races over a thirty mile course, but the contests were of the neck-and neck character.
„ww -, _______________ | Lamp Mat Fancy—Mrs J F Fiizsim-
Turnip Sw ede purple too—W 0 Hudgins j mons 1, Miss Atmttrong 2, Mrs Andrew
Richards 2.
Toilet Set—Mrs Thomts Reid 1, Mrs D Duff 2, Mrs Bf Drummond 3.

1
Oiheart Cabbage—James Wiison 5:h line le
L
###PAGE###6###
I
'
•> >	‘H* •> < ? ?	•><• ?> ?? «>*?? ?> f	?>?> •;• •> *H* ?> .
Sh'Ycm have Influence over this girl. I ^
admire her—ah,	yes, Sir Richard, îfe	j|F
trust a woman for finding out such jg WJ A/V
*1 assure you, Mr». Waldo, you |	» S V^I T lL^9
aro mistaken. It is gossip of the worst kind, scandalous gossip, which connects my name with Miss Surtees, a young lady 1 esteem highly, but ovur whom I have no influence, believe mo, such as you suppose. M

solve your soap or soap powder In howitzers of a mere modern type water, sprinkle over the top of the have been provided for them,
* i EB. •wiSy.SS £15v£Ss rvS'
wator to cover clothes, and cover the private ordnance factories In Eng-tub with a P cco of old carpet or land that It Is difficult at present to something to keep the steam in, and hope for the early supply of some of lot your clothes stand and steam an the guns which it Is desirable should1 hour, during which time you can be bo mounted for the defence of certain' I ¦	doing your morning's work. Then Indian ports
Ten In the farm house and In the wring the clothes through clean,
m	1HHHH	EH **p BWRy country village 50 years warm water
SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING and then you can keen house for "Then I shall appeal to the police, ago. or even less, was the last meal and hang on tho line. You will And #4 4 . . ,
CHAPTERS.—Securities vanish fiom him" * 1 i The papers I must and will have of the day. Dinner was a middax that tho white clothcn havo been me,lt *s to make India a» independent the strong-room of Candelent, Dandy -That would be pleasant enough bftck-”	.	and- unfortunately, a hastily eaten steamed clean, and tho very soiled °J En»,fnd n® Possible in tho matter
and Waldo, bankers. Mr. Foske of but nt any rnt0 j aln rv.ulv nn(f ’ "Of course you have evidence	in u^al, and always an informal affair, ones will need but little rubbing of 5up1p,y:ul °I!?at "trldofl bavo, been
Scotland Yard is called in to solve soIved indecd t0 d() lnv K', ’	..	support	of this charge ?"	No one thought of putting on tine Possibly a touch given to wrist- mado 1,1 th4,s dh*t>ctlon of late, and
the mystery. There are two keys -you will not hesitate to send to ,]'f° bo ,bure”	E*othc? for this midday meal, but hands and collars may bo needed;	. g!'c'iltc,r,hi!^ V* A°iPnK PtS
to the strong-room-one held by Mr. mo Promise me that." said Daunt I ‘'Remember, it is an accusation of I toa-that was tho objective point of and tho colored dresses and waists V,y vis,b,lc: A»r°ady a plant Waldo, partner, the other by Mr. earnestly, "if evor you are ill trouble 1110 lnost odlous k,nd* Euless you 1,10 day.	may not bear an hour’s steaming	«hells with higti
; urt®es ch\e{, cashier. lhts latter difficulty. It will be my only ure 1,ulto Curlain of what y°u «&>’• 0ne nftcr tho othor in tempting nr and soaking, though tho gasoline \	”, laH. bee.n e.rcctüd» and is now
^É|
forget all that."	"Some friends of mine ? Can she expect, os she is sclfishf"	In rn rinnfi cvervono servos hot I “ a* India> With characteristic I reason to hope that tho delays and
"Forget that you have plighted me mean the Surtees ?i What can she .You don’t spare her," said Jose- ste , fruit8 f break-fast Nn c0rt încrgy ,1C bas sct in train remedies losses which have occurred during your troth 1 Never !"	huvc to say about them ? Nothing, Phine.	of food is more healthful or whole-1 ^ ad these various evils. New rail- cent years, through inadequate
. "It is absolutely impossible, Sir except to abuse them. I shan’t go," Her selfishness is evident. She	u stcw d frllit pillipr frpsh ?rty 8ohemcs* vast projects of irriga- suitable transport, will
Richard Daunt. For tho present and, full of this determination, he takes tho best of everything. Her | dried Got some those reddish î10n’ fû reaching reforms on tho peated in future, everything must be at an end be- vent to bed.	boudoir is one of the best rooms, ^rnle Dlums and stew them lus ns fronticr’ radical changes in official
tween us."	The morning brought wiser coun- and I have no doubt her bedroom is J	... an . Jse Annula tod Procedure, all of these arc engaging
"I can never agree to that," re- Mis. Daunt felt that lie ought not thc samc "	sugar and an’en uncled saucermn nnd t ,C attention of our most able Vice-
torted the young man, promptly, lose a single chance. Something ‘ Where is it ?" asked Josephine, I , ' a„	n dishfit fornLlnV Iroy* The fmal recommendations of °n good authority soldiers - Tike -"Now more than ever you will need useful might come of nn interview ! evidently in perfect good faith. ! Ppnrh™ Hf„wnri thn	tho Government of India regarding ' bcsb to bo officered by gentlemen,
my protection and support. 1 will with Mrs. Waldo. In any case lie ^t looks over the garden ; in fact, mos* delicious	y the new frontier province will go but they have their choice of the
not surrender my claim. You must might be able to find out more about * think it opens out from the bou-	c	home by an early mail to the Sccro- type. Of the right, kind was General
and shall be my wife."	Fanchcttc.	the French maid.	doir. I could see that much. Have	- tary of State, the whole subject hav- Crawford, the leader of the Light
There was a long silence, during It was she who received him when You ever been into it ?"	SOME GOOD RECIPES. Dig been exhaustively discussed hero Division,
which Josephine with her face hid- he arrived at the Rookery.	| "I ? Never ! Neither into the A	v	.	.	during tho last three months. Lord | An incident in his career, during
den in her hands, wept bitterly, ' Madame expects you." was the bedroom nor tho boudoir. What ! . A	ourishing Drink.	1 ho follow- Curzon has issued stringent orders!0110 °f dho Wellington wars, shows
while Daunt waited in great anxiety greeting. "She told me to be on the should take mo there ? Mrs Waldo ing# . J. Physician says, is a most regarding the curtailment of official him to havo been rich in that justice for lier answer.	look-out	for Monsieur. Will he give never showed me any particular nourishing drink for an invalid, and reports nnd returns, and tho rcduc- which commands respect from equals
"No, Sir Richard," she said at himself the pain to follow ?"	favor."	is easily digested by the most deli- lion of clerical work to a minimum. and loyalty from inferiors ; in a
length. "While this stain rests upon "Mademoiselle is very good," said havo seen the bedroom," cried ! c , sumach: Heat 1 egg thoroughly Theso orders apply to all depart- I word, ho kept discipline without ro our family I cannot be your wife. It Daunt, in excellent French. "Mado- Hob, with a wink. "It's a clipper, nnd add 1 cup boiling milk, stir con- monts alike, military and civil. Al-1 gard 1° rank.
would not be fair to you. You must moiscllo is a Parisian, of course ?" 11 can tell you."	* , , y ,	° pouring over tho egg. ready n considerable degree of success Hia division was crossing a ford
not associate yourself with us. It Fanchette simpered at the compIi-1 "Have you seen it, Bob ?"	APd to this tea enough to flavor it, has been attained, but there is a po- on °ne of the Spanish marches, and
shall never be said that Lady Daunt ment so dear to Frenchwomen.	! "Yes, once. It may sound odd • I dnnk ^hjle warm.	tent force to bo met with—the pas- an oflicer* to kecP his breeches dry,
is the daughter of a man in prison." “Hut, yes. Monsieur. Parisian to , but I’ll toll you how it was "	I c n°PPC(1 Mustard PickJes.-One sive obstruction of the Dabu, the rodo through on a soldier's back.
"Who will dare say anything the finger-tips."	And Bob described his hunt with qut.u\t ch°PPcd cucumbers, 1 qt chop- clerk of India. This gentleman has Crawford observed the thing with
against my wife ? and when we T knew I might rely upon you, Helena for Fanchette, whom th^v , tomatoes, 1 pt chopped onions, more to do with the government 0f disgust, and in a minute was sp I ash-pro vc that that man is innocent, as.Sir Richard," said Mrs. Waldo, found at last in Mrs. Waldo's room. 1 qt Vlnegar* 1 CUP sugar, d green the country than most people have ing through the water after them wc assuredly shall, all evil tongues when he was introduced. "It is most "And Mrs. Waldo almost caught !’C£Pe,S' * ground mustard and '2 nny idea of. His ono aim and ob- both.
will be silenced for ever."	kind of you to pay such prompt at- 'you, vow say ? How were you tablespoons flour, took all together , ject in life is to multiply reports "Put him down, sir !" he shouted.
"Wc must wait till then, Sir tent ion to my request."	! dressed'?"	gxT ’ • can or	nnd returns, objection statements, "Hut him down ! I desire you to
Richard Daunt," said Josephine, May I ask in what way I can "In petticoats, of course, as the	roll ÎÎT °j.i Sp ? them (pieries and statistics of every sort P1^; that officer down instantly !"
eadly but firmly. "Until my father’s servo you. Mrs. Waldo ?" inquired Widow Twankav. I dare say she ? «7	* T ,	, clcar ta î;he and description to the utmost of his I The soldier dropped his burden nnd
good name is restored I cannot ac- Sir Richard, courteously. "You rc- saw a bit of my skirt."	Itai1’ cut off head’ rcmov0 entrails, | power
cept your offer."	fei red in your note to some friends I Sir Ricliard was
"But you love me, Josephine ?" of mine who were closely concerned, 'discovery "I do, more and more ; and that is Will you tell me their names ?" why I refuse."	I will at once. I mean
"It is hard, very hard, to sub- dreadful Surtees." mit. Your docision—although, believe me, I respect thc motives which inspire it—is cruel, very cruel to yourself and me."

A
X
-,
, H IS--
I ILL-QOTTEN I ... WEALTH. ,	j
X
X
The Untimely End of
Joseph Oevae.
%
I mmmxmm*
?
lit
I

v
i
*
STEWED FRUITS
QUESTION OF SUPPLIES.
Tho Policy of tho Indian Govern-
will
ex-
Tills factory will manu-

Yvt another
tcncod
tude.
Tho
now
i
i
Tho frontier cam-
# #
re-
or u lino t be ro-
IN WELLINGTON’S TIME
"The time will soon pass. It will	PDico Sense. I cannot	hear	anything	somehow and some day, to turn their	known Is wax beans is best for nick	tho question of military reform and
be one of probation and suffering	against them.'	possession to her own account,	ling Cut off tho tin and strings	T'armamont* The re-armament of
perhaps, but that will make us the * *ou will change your opinion, Meanwhile, it would be necessary ta and steam over boiling salt ' water * Cava,ry and infantry of the army more anxious to hasten the end. The I m sure, when you hear what I havo , find a scapegoat, and she chose Jose- until they arc easily pierced with a I °f Indla* boUl British and native, is 'lay my father is righted and set	to tell. Of course you	know	about	phino-thc sister, in preference to	fork drain on n towel and when col	”ow Proceeding apace. The British
irw 1 promise to become your wife.”	the father ?"	her brother, because it would seem	D,ick in a jar nutting i little ro	trooP8 ar® receiving Lee-Enficld
¦ ¦ [	S r Richard bowed.	more natural that she should go to	pepper bHweén thc layc?s Make	";Capons- thelr Lec-Mvtfords, after
don than any offered to a knight of Nell, the gill is a thief, too.” Mrs. Waldo's bedroom. It was safer », iccd vinegar bv addin- 1 cun suua U.1lor1ollgh overhaul and repair, being old. I will strive to win it with all Mrs- Ua,do !” Sir Richard’s in-,too, because Bob might, if accused. aufj <j teaspoons each of white mus	?,ver to u,c native army-
my heart and soul. But I shall see	donation was such	that	ho almost	call upon his companion Helena	to	tard and celery ^cod to every 1 i>	1 rnctically the whole of tho field
you sometimes ?” he went on, struck	sprang to his feet.	prove the innocent cause of	his	vinoo-nr Pour hot nvrr tho ho.ni	army	has becn thus re-armed, and by
with a sudden fear that Josephine ' 1 am certain of it.” went on Mrs. visit.	wei- ht mvl stand in a cold place fo I next yenr may be possible to prointended to bid him good-bye.	V>aldo.	"As perfectly convinced as	But why accuse either of them ?	three	da vs Then drain reheat	th 000(1 witb tho re-armament of tho Im-
"I do not know ; I cannot say. It	if I had seen her steal thc	things.”	Why not one of thc housemaids,	or	vinegar cover the Leans ’with hnr^	ptTi?1	8crvice troops as well. As rewill depend, of course, on what be-	“What things, may	I ask ?” went! some other guest ?	radish leaves cover with the ho	gar< 8	thc artillery, a good deal detomes of me, and where I go.”	on Sir	Richard, striving in Jose- !	Because the Surtees were in	syrun	and let stand a week Lcforo pends °,n thc results of tho corVercn-
"Havc you thought at all ? Have Pme’s interest to keep calm.	, trouble. Because the father was nl- jpg.	‘ cos and committees now being held
you made any plans ? Your rela- "Some papers which I keep here in ready accused of theft.	Caramel Pudding.-To 2 cun !?• I:ngland* , India’ mU8t' Perforce,
lions, will they take you in ?”	this room. Papers of the utmost— Stay—Mr. Surtees had not been Scalding milk add 2 tablespoons cor j	the typomof gun. 1°?
Wo have no near relations ; but the deepest—importance to mo ; they arrested on that day of tho dress starch stirred smooth in a littl ,	, , and 1:eaVy artillery whim
I would not stoop to ask anyone for have disappeared, like the bonds at rehearsal, and there had been no milk. Cook a little, then add 2 well	!	t*1 !? ihc "l*11' ° . au"
help. It is too soon to say what I tho bank.”	mention of tho robbery outside a teaten eggs nnd * teaspoon mit Pu i î L 1,1 th® meantlmo steps arc
=5£=™H"	.......
utü.
#	S
J
3
Æ I
• k


i
i*

i

z
Such a promise is a richer guer-
e i
;
iîWKiî*
N
».
Parishoncr—"Why, dbetor, I understand that your son was to go as a medical missionary to China as soon as ho received his degree of M.D.”
Hector—"Well, that was the understanding, but owing to the settled conditions of affairs there it is not deemed advisable for him to go at present.”
Parishoner—"What is he doing in the meanwhile ?”
Rector—"Killing time.”
un-
DECIDEDLY.
Mnriiage, said Snooper, is a loj
And a rich bride, added Swsyback, is a capital prize.
« «
Ef-
tery
(


>
s



###PAGE###7###
*
i
SELFISH POTATOES
egg-producing varieties the most profitable, while others argue in favor of tho large breeds. Some settle on tho medium or all-purpose class as a compromise, each has hie favorite, and to listen to them talk one would almost suppose that all others are worthless except the varieties they keep.
This will all do very well if they Some attention may well bo paid Just stick to tho same variety and to the selection of heifer calves, giyo them the attention necessary to writes Mr. >, ti. Cooley. Those of make them profitable, liut too very small size, weak or seriously many keepers of poultry change tftclr
g-	sk/stt- . situations vacant.
—~ ÉÉSHFI ^iSliP
be more economically secured than the enthusiasm all drops, a change	. a . itself alone.	~	- 4 OENTd WANTED FOR OUR NEW
ba<*8*	once in a while, but it will not be of it8 economic development and	_	.	drv Lod, nmn	g
My practice of rearing calves has found necessary if we are careful to public life. A country whoso fin-	"	kt ,1t l	4 L	|	i:n:niAn*	n;ufAT«nAP
been to separate the calf from its j keep our breeding stock, and manage anciul position was utterly shattered i DT ATM QfflD ATflTI^	' Johl*’ ^ou must show nioro | flllUHrU S IMWlm lll^S ÜIS.Cüipf Tf
dam after the first full meal. It is carefully in other matters.	and whose resources wore well-nigh A iLAlll OlJUllml"	thn	V°U . h*v\ }ol(1
Kir.trÆ: p	ss.	forward letter £Bt“‘	™,Sh“d“
feeds twice a day. Warm separator ens, from the fact that vo cannot become a prosperous State, with a	ouiamaoic.
milk Is gradually substituted during always toll just what our breeding satisfactory balance of trade, sound tho second week, until it forms al- stock is going to do, but if wo fail finances, increasing production, and most the entire teed. About 1 cjt in getting good hatches, or strong, the fairest prospects for the future, now milk per day is fed till tho end healthy chicks, wo should not get its industry is developing, although of tho first month. Two feeds daily discouraged, for the next seunen per- in this direction Egypt will never be are given, always warm and never haps will bring us butter returns, able to compete with Europe. Tho
excessive in amount ; but three feeds and to keep right at it one year future of the country lies in the ter- A Convincing Piece of Evidence as occasion gg ¦	¦ ¦ m I
per day would be better. Calves with another is the right road to tility of its soil, the cultivation of to the Wonderful Power of this Jou sec, madam, he suavely are taught to eat dry grain after |	success with	poultry.	which is being extended year by year	Remedy—Bright’s Disease, Heart	Pllcd»	there has been a great	scare
two weeks old and given ad libitum	Adopt tho	variety of your fancy, by means of costly irrigation works	Disease and Rheumatism Each	Jty of	tapeworms this year,	hence
a mixture of corn meal, oil meal, and in no case keep a mixture, which connect largo areas into fertile	Afflicted	Mrs. Brovosts—Dodd’s th® advance m	prices,
bran and ground oats in about equal Never cross pure varieties, for there fields. Tho results thus attained are	Kidney	Pills	Positively Cured	,John had no	moro trouble with
parts. C car so forage—hay, silngo or is no advantage to be secured by it. very remarkable. Tho cultivated Her.	z 1 httt CU9tomcr-
grass—is always supplied to tho	_._ ground subject to taxation, which	!... , ,, „ 0JJ-J
extent of the calf's appetite. Tho	r	only amounted to 4,175,000 fed-	kSti Mag loi re, Que., Sept. <50.
horns are removed by the use of PIN?TIM A VIP PATlffQ	dans' in 1880, had reached about (Special)-The following letter was
tauslic potash during the first two JUUsUJBAllU 1 Ail! U# 0.000,000 'feddnns' in 1900. During written by a well-known and highly Mrs. Nanny Ooat.-I have such a weeks, thus securing the benefits of	¦ ¦ —	the last ten years the land tax, the respected lu(,y of this place, being a dreadful pnin in in y stomach
dehorned cows withourHisfiguremont CAUSED BY AN IMPURE CON- principal source of revenue of the copy of the original sent to the Mr. William Goat—That's
Egyptian Government, was gradually Dodd's Medicine Company, of lo- you get for eating broken glass and diminished in annual instalments by r0dJ(ol'	carpet tacks at the same meal.
template confinement, a hardier and jf Neglected They Will Grow Worse !a sum °* 4503,000, and yet the promore rugged cow results where they an(t Serious Trouble Will Fol-iceods remain at about tho same have daily exercise in yard or pas- low—Rheumatism Can he Per fiKur<> as in 18801 The production lure. The feed of skimmilk is con- m^nentlv Cured	has increased about fifty per cent in
tinuod during most of the first year	y *	consequence of the systematic annual
if the supply does not fall short. From the Telegraph, Quebec.	irrigatien. There has also Been
At all events, growth must be kept Rheumatism is one of tho most I great progress in the development of /rapid by liberal feeding, until the common and at the same time one of communications, which is promoted heifers are sent off to pasture. Here, tho most painful affections from by the Government. Numerous rail-ngnin, it is poor economy to keep which humanity suffer. It affects the ways have been constructed, includ-stock on short feed. A stunted joints and muscles, and is character- ing some electric lines, as a means growth is a great loss to tho breed- ized, even in its simplest form, by a of facilitating tho transport of cot-
dull constant pain. While it remains ton and communication in tho country ! Disease During the second winter heifers ln the joints and muscles, it is suf- districts. PosT and telegraph offices dies in the world and always gie receive a small feed of the grain Aciently painful and distressing, but have likewise been erected, and even | worse and worse.
¦ppiijs
¦¦PliL,
from reaching her most useful de- away; one of my legs was drawn out ^uro
ON THE FARM. I
Sozodont
Tooth or Powder
I* IW I It is necessary to as#
:?r
Certain
B plants are Bohemian, nourishing themselves from day to day without care for I Others, on the contrary, are proC I foundly selfish or provident—but for themselves, without occupying themselves with their neighbors. Such is
above all the case with tho potato, ____________
which, so long as it is living, not I iÿ VAU Wah+ *»tresultsm/lFall r<mr
only takes the food and water no- "	1 uu nani bvtti*, boos, foultwv, apples, ether fruits ms produis, te
ccHBury to Its dally nourishment, but Th© DaWSOfl Commission CO. Um'c2lk,^t
moke» strong provision, storing	uoioornefct., ioronte.
nourishment for winter in its tuber-


tho morrow

CEYLON TEA BUT ONCE to fall In with the tea on the market
popular Idea that it la the foremoit
Packages, 25, 30, 40, 60 and 00 Gent#.
Put up In Lead
REARING HEIFERS.
Good for Bad Teeth
AGENTS WANTED.
Orel
write
Mil
(
The Boarder—I protest against drinking any such water as this I It is positively warm ! Landlady-Gracious, man, that's not water I That’s your coffee 1
at tho price
France has now the deepest well ii the world. It is 3,609 ft., and thi temperature at the bottom is 11 degrees
----	On tho following day another lady
MRS. LOUIS BROVOSTS PUB- came in and requisitioned John's I LISHES WHAT SHE THINKS | services for a dozen knots of tape. ABOUT DODD’S KIDNEY
PILLS.
For Over Fifty Veer»
Mm WmiLoWs Sooth mo Brnor hu hern uwd by mJlllfme of mothers for their children while teething, fteoothee the child, roften* thr gum*, allay* pain, cures •Hud colic, regulate* the stomach and IkjwcIs, and la the b, et remedy for Diarrhoea. Twenty-life cent* a bottle Hold hf druggist* throughout the world. Be sure and ask for " Mas. WmsLvw e Soothino Htaür."
I
Again the prices in this rather exclusive store were complained of; but this time John was equal to the
re-
96 per cent, of deaths from whooping cough, and 90 per cent. Qf deaths from measles, occur in children under five years old.
MIXED DIET
mm's Lumen cures cm in cows.
Out of every 1,000 English people there are 68 Marys, 66 Williams, 62 •Johns, and 61 Elizas name claims as many as forty in the
what
Dr trouble.
While calves grow faster in almost
No other
DITION OF THE BLOOD
When I wrote you for Dodd’s Kidney Tills 1 was so couragcd that I had no hope of being able to find any remedy to save i Little Willie—I bin flshin', maw ! my life. I suffered with Bright’s	Mother—Nonsense.
Disease, Heart Disease and Rhcuma- Little Willie—’Deed I have, maw ! tism, and 1 was much bloated also j CaUght all our goldfish with a pin-with Dropsy. 1 was so feeble that hook I was unable to do anything. 1 suffered for sixteen years with Rheumatism. There were two years and half that 1 suffered with Bright’s 1 have tried all the rerne-
some
dia-
Deafness Cannot be Cured
FISHING LUCK
by local application*, ax they cannot reach the dim;used portion of the ear. There Is only one way to cure deaf nows, and that is by constitutional rented ie*. De»fne*Jr i* canned by an coud 1 ion of ' he mucous lining or the HHW^ÊÊ/SUêËÊ» When ihin tube ie in-, flamed you have a rumbling sound crimper feet hearing, and wbon it is eut nly closed denfncMi ia the result, and unltsi ihe inflam, mation can be taken rut and t hi* tube rentered to its normal condlth n, hearing will be destroyed forever ; nine msei out of ten are o .uaed by o«Utrrh. which la nothing but au inflamed condition of the mucous «ur ace .
We will giro One Hundred Dollar* for any came of Deafness (caused by cat .rrh) that can not bo cured by Hall’* Catarrh Cure. Send lor circular*, free.
Inflamed 1 Eustachian Tube
ASTHMA FOR SEVENTEEN YEARS
a
er
A G. T. R. Employés Cives Unmistakably Evidence That Clarke’s Kola Compound Will Cure Asthma.
F. J. CHENEY & CO.. Toledo, O.
Sold by Druggist*. 75c.
Hair* Fami y Pill* are the best.
I read them
It teem* rather funny that people In thli enlightened ege should allow themselves Is go on nurt'orfng y^ar after year from Asthme, when a permanent cure is within tho reach of every sufferer.
Mr. Robert Crow, O. f.R, employe, Elm dale,
Jnt., writes:- -"For seventeen years I havu . . ,	.
been more or lens troubled with Asthma, and 9 tnat during the last five years have not had a full | time, night's sleep. 1 tried every known remedy, and three doctors in Barrie, with no benefit.
Finally Mr. W. J. McGuire, druggist, of Elm I When you write to an advertiser tell him that dale. Ont., recommended CUarke's Kola Com. you saw hie advertisement In thle paper. It Is to pound. 1 took In all seven bott'os, and am your interest to do so, as Our Folks are treated now completely cured. During the last year, j honestly and served with the since taking the Compound, have not had least symptom of Asthma. My health in every way has improved, and have gained much in weight. I heartily recommend Clarke's Kola Compound to every sufferer
from this dreaded disease."	¦ ^ - -	----- - -
Mr. W. J, McGuire, druggist, writes:—"! nALvERT S em woll acquainted with Mr. Crow, and can | vr*“ w	1 ^
vouch for the truth of the above statement.
(Signed). W. J. McGuirv, Elmda.’o, Ont,
Clarke’s Kola Compound has cured
AN UNSYMPATHETIC GIRL
Can I confide to you my secret sorrow, Arabella?
Yes, Arthur, if it's a new one; If
same old one, I haven't
have I am cured of
best.
tho
W P c 1096
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
For all skin ailments.
book on Asthma mailed free, enclose I & e. Ulvwrt â Ce., Uanohwtw, England
t/»	—*- *— —‘	—1,:— Ad-1
DMWrROYINO.WURVU, GRAIN	p
Limited,
Brass Band
3. Keep your bedroom window open
Instrumenta, Drums, Uniforms Etc
_____Z. ^
I don't sec any reason why people
to your bedroom [should interfere when fools want to
go through the Niagara rapids in 1 Lowest prices ever quoted, bedstead barrels "	1 «0lllestretlw. nullea free.
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
Fine catalogue Write a* for any thing in Haste or H estent leslramenl^
But it does seem a shameful waste
WHILE! BOYCE & CO., Limited,
Toronto, Ont-, and Winnipeg, Mon
' Dominion Line Steamships
Monti est to Liverpool Boston to Liverpool. Portland to Liverpool Via Qumna-
is well cooked.
9.	For adults. Drink no milk.
10.	Eat plenty of fat to feed tho cells which destroy disease germs.
11.	Avoid intoxicants, which destroy those cells.
12.	Daily exercise in tho open air.
. JiL ™sn° P6t an'ma1a y°Ur	Stanstcad Junction. 1™.
living rooms.	9 . A * ROq
A MISTAKE.	kStyourrtcmîêr0n‘	back, and I struck on the ends of the
F	sleepers, causing a serious injury to
A certain shopwalker in one of	--------f-----	my leg. Only for its being very
the largo dry goods establishments	e	fleshy, would have broken it. In an
in the West-End of London was not- MllMrti S IjlllllDfflt LOftS lOlflS, tU hour could not walk a step. Corned for his severity to those under	----- menced using MINARD'S LINIMENT
bim.	TWO GIRLS	and the third day went to Montreal
One day he approached a Junior	'	on business and got about well by
assistant, whose counter a lady had	if	ten men	should	ask	you to mar- the use 0f a cano. In ten days was
lust left.	ry them, what would that be ? nearly well. I can sincerely rccom-
You let that lady go without mak-	what would	it	bo ?	mend it as the best Liniment that I
ing a purchase ? he asked severely.	A	tender.	know of in use.
Yes, sir, I---	And if one should ask you what
* I And she was at your counter fully would that bo ? ten minutes ?
Doubtless; but then, you Exactly. I saw that, in spite of all the questions she put to you,	AS TO MADNESS
you rarely answered her, and never	I I
attempted to get what she wanted. Miss May, began	. ,
Well, but---	would you—or—be mad if I were to those who
.avz, %	1	r, ,o,u -1
Well, I hadn't what she wanted. tainly be mad to let you.	the snow.	_______.
What was that ?
Six shillings. She's a book canvasser, selling the 'Life of Napoleon the Great.'
The shopwalker retired crestfallen, amid the audible titters of all the assistants in the department, who greatly enjoyed his discomfiture.
NOT TIME ENOUGH
Little Ethel—Mamma, I know why I	K
you Can t count tho stars.	I ire smidsbips. special attention hss hero tiveo to the
Mothec-Why. my chUd.
Little Ethel— Coz it won t Stay el the Company, or dark long enough.	tiefcarde, Mills â Oo,
_______I T7 State St, Boston.
crevices filled with insects will bo j trial.-	i as sufficient evidence of title,
stopped up. The granary should be I Experience has proved Dr. Wil- prohibition to grow tobacco made as tight as possible and | Hams' Pink Pills to bo without an ky been withdrawn. An experiment thoroughly disinfected each season, equal as a blood builder and nerve jn colonization has bean carried out Before the adoption of bisulphide of | restorer. It is this power of acting |n the districts along the Blue and carbon, one remedy pi acticed was i directly on tho blood and nerves that white Niles with two disbanded Sou-
heating the infested grain to 140 ; enables these pills to cure such dis- I danCso battalions............but even so
degrees. It was left in this tempera eases as rheumatism, sciatica, non- 8O0n ns this there is a considerable turo for 8 to 10 hours. The remedy ralgia, locomotor ataxia, paralysis, improvement in the condition of af-was difficult to adopt and was not and all the ordinary diseases of the | fairg jn the Soudan. Tranquility extensively used. Tobacco, sulphur blood and nerves. These pills are prevails throughout the country, and many other substances have i sold by all dealers in medicine, or ancj there has been an important de-bcen used with satisfactory results | can be had by mail, postpaid, at «>0c |cnne jn the price of provisions." where large quantities of grain are | & box, or six boxes for $^*>0. by stored.	addressing the Dr. Williams Medicine
Tho simplest, most effective and i Co., Brockville, Ont least expensive of all remedies for stored grain insects is the use of
The
D. Torrance * Co..
Montrool and Portland,
Metallic SKYLIGHTS
D0UCLAI IR0S.
124 Adelaide St . Toronto, Ont,
and Sheet Metal Works
ROOKING SLATE, In Black Red or Green SLATE BLACKBOARDS. We lupply Public and High Schools. Toron tel Roofing Felt, Pitch, Coal Tar. eta ROOFING TILE (S*e New City Buildings, Toronto, done by our firm). Metal Ceilings, Cornices, etc. Estimates furnished for work complete or for materials shipped to any part of the country. Phone 1863 A SONS, Adelaide A WldmerSta.
ROOFING
-O
, Toronto
D. OUTNII
TELEPHONES IN AFRICA.
bisulphide of carbon. To insure I people often wonder how the na-grain from the attack of insects it j tives in Africa contrive to transmit should bo treated with bisulphide news with apparently miraculous thoroughly after being placed in tho rapidity across miles of bush and debin. It is a foul smelling liquid sert. The explanation is a simple nhich evaporates very readily. The, one. q'hey use the telephone. The fumes are heavier than air and pcnc- Soudanese telephone is nothing like trnto tho grain, producing an atmos- j one in “use in European countries, phero in which no insect can live, jt is of two kinds—a hollowed-out Although explosive, this material elephant tusk of immense size or can be handled without danger If tain-tarn. The tusk can be made to care Is taken not to have lights of j transmit- seven distinct notes by any kind around during the fumige- ; means of a slice of tred bark, which Won. The material can be thrown js placed on the outside of the tusk diicctly upon tho grain without in- | nt, various distances from tho mouth-luring it either for seed or edible j pieceu By means of this instrument purposes. About one pound, equiv- sounds can be heard at a distance of Aient to a pint, is necessary for one | several miles, and messages are breton of grain in store poured tec about
grain. The price of bisulphide of carbon varies from 15 to 30c. per lb. depending on purity and quantity gjn
known as fuma-bisulphido of carbon, especially manufactured for the disinfection of grain and seeds.
AFETY ECURITY
proper depository for logs of the people. In
s
ARK
INDISPENSABLE
FEATURES
the sav-
of a
Yours truly,
C. H. GORDON
CANADA’S
PREMIER
I don't know ; what ? A wonder.
HEARING UNDER THE SNOW
COMPANY
fact that
It is an extraordinary
buried in an avalanche of snow
Mr. Hoamley, I hear distinctly every word uttered by
arc seeking for them, most strenuous shouts
these are the most distinctive characteristics. They are combined with a profitable return to the depositor.
Apply for particulars—
men
It should be quently transmitted as much as 200 in soup plates or tin pans, j %nR@# in a single day by these primi-on the surface of the tivo telephones.
The CANADA PERMANENT and WESTERN CANADA

IN THIS ADVANCED DAY.
Some men arc brutes exclaimed the who had been reading the news-
c**/ do <y
purchased. There is a grade
man
Cfl/ Mjty
Mortgage Corporation, Toronto Street, Toronto.
paper. »
That is quite true, answered Mr.
Mcekton. 1 know a man who habitually forgets to put the key under o doormat when his wife goes out
The way ho keeps her | My wife always consults me about
article of attire she buys— shoes, gloves, every-does too—that is,
ÿo-f-d/ 1
A A/f n /
%
BREEDS OF POULTRY
The question of profits between the to lecture	I	J ¦
large and the small breeds ol poul- ringing the bell while ho wakes up every try are very frequently discussed be- out of a sound sleep, makes a light, frocks, hats, t xv von farmers xx ho keep their faxror-, put s on some <1 fh.s • ’ n < i y < • r s <lu\\ n t1 hing% My Wif6| III HI lev variety. Some think the small to the door is positively inhuman. she asks mo for the money

<Wooi> & Photo Engraving
g J.L Ü0NE6 tNG.C®
H»JG|0 AOILAIDL.VJrtï'SOSONT

L
###PAGE###8###
/
E. HODGINS & SON’S ADVT.
STEWART’S
B00T&SH0E STORE
OÜR
Ready-made
Clothing I
LEADERS:
English Worsted Suits, all colors
Imported Serge Suits, blackand blue - - - -
20th Century Umbrellas at- -
<r.
$15.00
We are offering special values in Rubbers, and we are confident we can give you entire satisfaction, if you only try us when you need any style of Rubber.
High-class Goods, guaranteed no shoddy ; manufactured specially for us in August, 1901, by W. R. Johnston & Co. of Toronto.
$12.50
duality, Fills!, Style aid Fit almost Perfect.
$1.00
y
f

H. IV|cCUIRE.
Mens Fall Suits at -Boy’s Fall Suits at Pea Jackets
- $6.50
1
Ladies Rubbers
3.75
$3.75 to 4.50
Desperate Fight at Ita la
-wl
i
GREAT BRAVERY ON BOTH RIDES.

Overcoats and Ulsters
For Men and Boys.
Durban, Oct. 4.—Later details show that Genml Botha a full force of 4,000 I men made an attack on Forte Pr wpecte and Itala, in ZuluUnd. The British fought magnificently against overwhelrn-! ing odds for nineteen hour". Ti e Boer* were fearless and fought deaneratVy. They gaine 1 thi k arum t of I u i i repeat ! edly, but were repelled each tun*. It was probably the news that Gen Bruce Hamilton was approaching that caused a cessation of the fighting. The B »ers : staff.red heavily. Three hundred and I thirty-two of their dvid were found, and in add i m tlvy carried off their killed. Tracy admit having 300 wounded. In their rushes they were :n?t with cold steel.
S x hundred m n. met under Boome* and Gaobelaar attacked Fort Pi os peels. They a*so suffered heavily. S xty of their dead were found where t.hey had been mowed j down by a Maxim gun. At Fort Itala i the Baitish guns were put out of action.
THE BOERS L ST SIX HtHDRED
OTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN R’Y.
The Elma
A neat, stylish and durable Rubber with toe-cap.
4
Heavy Tweed Pants,
Summer Time Card Sold everywhere for $2.00.
Taking Effect, Monday May 13, 1901,
(Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
Our Price $1.60.
Train No* 1 leaves Ottawa 5 (H) P. M Train No. 2 arrives “
Train No. ;t leaves “
Train No. 4 arrives “
Train No. v leaves “
Train No. 6 arrives “
Train No. 8 arrives J**
Train No. 7 leaves "
8.45	A. M. a .00 A. M.
6.15 P. M.
1.80 P. M.
a. io p. m.
7.45	P. M;
0.80 A. M.
Trains No. 1 ami 2 daily except Sunday.
Train No. 8 and 4 daily except Saturday & Sunday Trains No, 5 and ti Saturday only.
Trains No. 7 and b Sunday only. '
For tickets apply Ticket Agent, Central Station.
P. W. RB88EMAN, tien’l rtup’t.
We stake our reputation on these goods. They are new ; have not been lying shelves for years ; the materials are not rotting with age, but they are thoroughly up-to-date, twentieth century good in every respect.
Pearl
on our
4
A very Pretty and strong Rubber with rolled edge. An extra good wearer.
*
London, Oct. 5 — A despatch from Dundee, Natil, to the Times, sijb tbit the Boer lot» totaled over 600 in the a i trek on Forts Italia and Prospect. The But rs inf'lined the prisoners that they expected to fit <1 the Fort Italia ga niton only 100 strong. The. burghers lost more men thin in any prev'ous action this year.
There seems no doubt, says the Timss correspondent, that the Boers intended a combined invasion of Na al east and
Poatiac Pacific Junction By.
E. HODCINS & SON.
High-cut or Storm
The ideal Rubber for rainy weather to keep the feet dry.
Official Time Table :
4
e.M
AM
5.15 Leave 6(M
Aylmer tBreekenrldge t'Eardley Parker’s Crossing t'Mohrs Quyon Wyman’s ?Tank Bristol McKee’s Bhawvllle Clark’s
Campbell's Bay ?Tank Î'Vinton Coulonge 'Mellon’s Waltham
Arrive 9.45
9.2l
6.12
9.06
6.18
8,5.9
6 26
8.50
1.37
8.40
6 47
41
west. It is stated that Gen. Da Wet ordered the burgher» in the northweit>rn part of Orange River Co’cny to concern-trate at Tale Hop, but up to now the only J’jJ !! result of the movement has le n the is | iiuo luted invasion of Natal by a email com . mando, which can easily be driven bark. <30	»•
8.22
S. 56
él
8.14
Guns,
gifles,
Ammunition,
1.58
S. Ob
7.04
• I
8.02
7.52
7.31
7.18
8 03
7. It
7.06
6.54
Men’s
Rubbers
1.17
««
6 39
1*55 Arrive
•Flag Station. tTank. t'Flag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
Leave 6.30
Details of the Disaster to American Tro ps in the Phillipines.
Washington, Oct. 4.—The war department to-night received the following despatch from Mr. Chaffee,* dated at Manila, giving further details of the disastrous attack on the 9th regiment :
“ From those who escaped, the following : Sept. 29, while at breakfast 6.45 morning, company was attacked at signal ringing of convent bells by about 450 Women, 200 from rear quarters, 200 I front ; simultaneous attack on officers’ quarters Ccmpany completely surprized.
! Force attacking front gained possession j of arms. Fight ensued forthwith in i which many met death in mess | room in rear. Enemy beaten off temporarily by about 25 men who gained their arms. Sergeant Bettron assumed Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot ! command, endeavoring to collect- men, 8.35 A, M. -Local-Stops at all Intermediate »ta-' leaving boats, re-attacked by enemy.
Strength command, 3 officer», 72 men. for Cornwall and point* west.
Killed, il office s, 40 enlisted men ; miss- -8.00 A.M. Sunday# only—Stop* nt intermediate
in«,6; wounded, 13. Party attacking ^Zc.r“ ,l pu:lm“
o%ers in convent entered through L,.00 M„ Limited-step,s„, lidlaa. Cta. itob-church, large mi ml tors led by president.	Alexandria and Coteau June, only, »
Probably 101 rifles with company, SO	aSCI'.TkSASd
saved, 15 of lost (rifles) b Its drawn ; all point# east of Montreal. For Valle>field and 25,000 ammunition lost. Ninety-five All point* south of the St. Lawrence River. 8t.
prisoners outside Cartel joined in at- j?,1 'Tw%% T tack at signal. Boat of missing men cap- mg Car. Ottawa to New Yuik. sized. Captain Rook miller may pick | «6.55 P. M. Local-Stops at Intermediate *t*ti luen up. (Signed) Lieut. Jaa. 1*. Drouillard, nth Infantry.	| etc.
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
The Montcalm
A very dressy Rubber witfi toe-cap. Excellent value.
RAILWAY
4
AT -
e •
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT. Trains daily between
ARMSTRONG BROS
"I
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
On and afer J une 10, 1901, and until farther advised
LADYSMITH.
train service will be as follows
Champion,
The latest style, with) rolled edge and warranted not to cut.
P. S.—Hardware.
tv
Snag Proof,
The best Rubber for the bush and guaranteed not to stub. Wears
like iron.

UÎJR


Trains arrive at Ottawa Cfnaral Depot :
d!2.2C I’ M. Lovai -from Boston. New York, New , England mid M mtreal*at 9.1', n j| j young man, who rail away W ith fifteen- man P.irlor and Sleeping Cars atta.-hed.
year old Edna McIntyre, and whose ap U’9.05 r. M. Lovai-From Montreal, and interprehension on a charge of abduction, the
police all over Ontario were asked to se-I Muntnai at 5.44, p. nr.	k
cure came up for sentence in the sessions a 6.55 P; M. Lhiii»ed-From Montreal leaving at this morning. The girl, it will be re- 4.10 p.m. Has Pullman Parlor Car.
SStetir 2S171»“ 32 te I Middle and Werteni Divisions.
away. This morning McGee before sentence was passed said if he could lay bare his heart, the judge would see in it nothing but 1 ve and respect for his companion ^	??•*'?	Eganviiiv, peTll.
whom he had not harmed. The judge Bound and Intermediate l'xdntV. ta,l0t ake'rar'>
sent him to the Central for nine months. I 4.40 P. M. For Arnprior. Rvnfiew, Eganvitle ptl
broke, Ma-lawaska and Intermediate station».'
Oi Siturday evening Sept 21 B% Tho§. 1.00 P. M; Mlxod Train f.r Arnprior, Renfrew HaII	^________
Turcotte, c f B’ack Bay. was struck and	Eganville, Madawaekaand intermediate station», ' | Vull uHu SCO tüGUl.
killed at the west e nd C. P. H. crossing	Train 1 arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :
a Pembroke by the Winnipeg train going j 11.10 V M. From Madawasks, Pembroke, Egan-emt. Mr. Turcotte was driving home. I ville. Renfrew. Arnprior and Intermediate point*.
The horse passed the crossing in safety, &*&6 P. M Fiom Parry Sound. Eganvilie, Ren-but the eu'ky in which Tu.cMte was ait,:	,
ing was struck and complete'/ wrecked, *$£. Henf/vw. an,nriùr «nTin the man being thrown out and hii neck	-hh UÊÊÊÊ^M
and arm broken. The body was taken to the establishment of Mr. E H. Gardtic-, undertaker, and the funtrtl ttr»k p’ace from hi, .hop to the R man Catholic |
tours.
Toronto, Out. 5 -‘-David McGee, the

We have just received another large assortment of Ladies’ and Gent’s Rings from the best ring makers in Canada-	>
We have a full assortment of the celebrated Granby Rubbers including Men’s and Ladies’ Long Rubber Boots. Every pair guaranteed.
TO AND FROM THE WEST (Dally, except Sunday) Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
A pleasure to show goods.
WHYTE
THE WATCHMAKER
M. STEWART
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot, Russell House BlocL
j
4
:: SHAWVILLE.
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE,
# e
cathedral and cemetry on Monday morning. He leaves a widow and grown up family to mourn his sudden demise.
e e
a.	Trains run daily except Sunday.
b,	Sunday only, c, Daily.
MAIN STREET - - - - SHAWVILLE.

r
JET

