###PAGE###1###
7
? r
J
I
W
'y



I
*

No. l’a
18rii Year,
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
TIIUltSDAY, DEC.
u 1000.
$1-00 a Yeaii in Advance.
BANK OF OTTAWA
)
Hodgins be paid hi» contract of : on Quy< n bridge, 926.00. Carried.
Moved by coun. John Smiley, second-1	Shawville, Dec. 10th MMX)
edbvcoun. /I ho*. Prendergiwt, that Jos. ^«nl of School CoinmiwioncrH of My he and is hereby instructed to see to ' wrendon met this day. Member# i,re Jos and Ann Little, Provide them s,;nt -Jtolph Hodgins, Kan., Chairman
-	$6,000,000.	,,ipe8 ,mU[wJüiSB.Smîtd'teJ:
Moved hy conn. Hum. Prendcrgawt, Minute»of last meeting read
-	2,600,000.	1. V0dgi,,M.' t,wf 1	Hmi «fried, that the
~... Uà	.	.	..... fl .	fy, now rea(J
Clarendon 8. Commissioners
«
repairs
1900
iiful Ofttoe: .. .. Capital sulwerllwU Capital paid up ..
1900
OTTAWA, CANADA.
.........• I, SW, WO,
......... I.7.U,oho.
......... 1,40J,310.
OF CANADA.
Unit
Hoard of Director a :
Charles Magkr, Esq., President. (iRoimjk Hay. ksq., Vice-President.
Ron. Oho. Hurst»*, Jk Albx. Fhahkk, Ehw ,
CAPITAL - -
n,%, reserve fund,
Durai» Ml RI II T,
CHRISTMAS !
I I Prendergast,
. .	..	-,	., ’ A Undgin», that. .	,	-----------
John tirant lie paid $4.00 for work and minutes of last meeting lumber on VVrn. \\ ilsun s bridge.	1
ther that Robt. C
cedars at the usual price ; also Wm.
Hudgins the extra #5.<X) on contract on *>e 5i,,(l is hereby exempt from *
John < Wms bridge «Carried.	children'» fees for scholastic year, ending
Moved by cuun. John Smiley, second- Mth dune, l!>00, on the certificate of the
cd by conn. W. A. Hudgins, that ten- ‘	__________
ders be received by this Council up to in his family.—Carried ten of the clock, a. in., of the first Mon
Fur | ilr hereby confirmed.
anion ni l»e paid for 25 I Moved by John Grant, seconded by d price ; also Win. (\ *«»bt. Kmart, that Max St. Jean, senior.
Head Office, • Montreal.
G BOROF BURN l). M. FIN NIK
Gmwral Manager .. .. Mu21 agi r

Dram line IN ONTARIO;
, SHAH villi; branch.
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rules.
Farmers notes bought and collected
. .. ,. ”	vAvmpL irom paying
children s fees for scholastic year, ending
Alexandria, Amprtor, Avomuore, Hrwebrldgt*, Carle ton
Keewntin. Kemptv Me,
Maltawa,
Ottawa,
Lanark,
Tarry Sound, Pembroke, Hat Portage, do Hank 8t. Renfrew do HitP au Ht. Toronto, Vankleek Hill, Smith's Falls.
IN MANITOBA :
Interesting News for
1IziiSBrI Christmas Shoppers.
| H» feet long and 8 inches at the top buds the Municipality on his list in ar-end ; 100 cedars, sound and straight, 18 rears of taxes, if not paid before that feet long and 8 inches at the top end ; to time. -Carried.
lie delivered at. the Town Hall. Shawville, Moved, seconded and carried, that the unless otherwise arranged.-Carried. following persons he and are hereby an Moved !>y connW. A. Hudgins, nee- looted to measure and report the lire ' ‘mager- <>n<1‘^ hy coun. 1 hoy. Crvi Morgan, that wood delivered at the respective schools
---- the hoc. -1 rensurcr be and is hereby in- -Nm J School, Alonzo Draper No. 2
structed to a*lvertise for sale all lands in I (j00- MeCagg ; No. J, Silas Armstrong ;
...Shall I Buy for Xmas?”
•KwSswSSr	SiSVJS	, Wr tSt «
hpworth longue. Monday evening at 8.00.; I,,0vvnii>e uu paid $1.00 for repairing n Den. Workman; No. IX Jhh Italuh
,aSîss»s|trÆ;.......................U:r.......irri '
HuoH MATHB805,	Sec.-Treauur’ur
Koc.-Treasurer.
Duyf.ir tu tliu effect that liu had sickness
Place
Hawkeabury,
Dauphin,
AocountH opened for amounts of one Uol lars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office Hours .
SATURDAYS .
Winnipeg
Portage W Prairie
IN Qt’KBKC Hull,
To every man, woman and child within reach we extend a Christmas Greeting and a cordial invitation to visit our store.
Agents in Canada, New York and Chicago— Henk of Montreal.
Agent* in Bt Paul- Merchant* Nat. Bank. Agents in Loudon, Eug.—Parr's Hunk ltd.
Ivhntr
10 A.M. to 3 P.M
. .	10 A M. TO 1 p.M.
F. A. PARKER,
LOCAL NEWS.
Church Services
:
Wood taken in exchange for photo* at II. ImisoiiH studio.
A choice array of < ’hriatmas presenth at the Drug Store. See them.
The stables belonging to tho Methodist parsonage at Portage du Fort were destroyed by five on Saturday.
<îot your X mas photos now
i us a better chance
II. 1m ISON.
I liis is a puzzling question, and it is our business to help you out of the difficulty.
we
ed
WE HAVE NOW ON VIEW A LARGE STOCK OF NOVEL, USEFUL, SEASONABLE, AND PLEASURE-GIVING ARTICLES • • • FOR HOLIDAY TIME. . . .
A nice Xmas present for grandma would bo a family group
t onio j them
We take
II. IMIKON.
SCHOOL REPORT
early and it will give to please you.
Bristol Council
Shawville Academy.
KKl'UK'l 01 STAN mm; FOR NOVEMBER
Crade 1
WANTED A good, smart Intelligent boy to learn printing. Apply at
Sec our Xmas presents before buying, j once at Tho Equity ofilco.
No trouble to show good,	"	Horn, ftt New Westminster, It. (’., on
1,,E St,,rk- I Nov. 7. tu Mi. nnd Mr*. Goo. A. Klieil,
Tlic Misses F. « nd M. Wallace, of “ «laughter < flat ke’s St it ion, 1 for a few days last week.
The names of Mr. and Mrs. .las. Guth-bvrtson were omitted from the list of those who were in attendance at the Ma* ternie bamjuet, published last week.
Mrs. Beaulieu, wife of Mi Beaulieu, of Clarendon, pass'd Monday, succumbing t long and distressing illness from Ktoruacb trouble.
Minutes of régulai- session of tho Mu nicipal Council of the Township of Bris tol, held in the Town I fall , 7. the 6th day of December, HI.'HI Mein hers present. Councillors, Z fonder
son, Lucas, Talau*, Smiley and Kelly.
Moved by coun. Smiley, seconded by
conn. Lucas, and resolved, that coun.
lrtber occupy the chair in th • l,s -nee • tho Mayo:.
Minutes of list s
1. < India Wjho
Monday
O	I-.2, Tho-,.
Smart ; X, Cliff rd Knox ; 4, Eva Kurx
:'1 i! iro,d Rimez « quai ; »i, Mildred
Î~îini	; i0ur Chri3tmas «hrocwie» can’t be beat.
Ann it- l'i, (J P, Tiioiu on. Grade II
Armstrong ; :
• o Jam s 11 Ooiton ; 1, Lyod . '• Lynda Lang ; C,
X, ( h tries Burroughs.
L K. N.»yI .r ; 2, U. Nayl
’.unman
Undying.
on
wore visiting 111 town
An apple social and Xmas t oo will In held in the hall. Bristol <
Dec. 24th Doors open at fJ.30

omers, on
- A good program may he ex* \dinissioii, 16 and 10 cents.
*4
In Staple and Fancy Dry Goods and Furs showing a full range of New Goods.
Special Holiday and Presentation Goods in elegant silverware dainty China, Leather and Celluloid
gM&sssr® pu°s,
j Mits and Gloves, and hundreds of nice thin*# we can t mention here.	®
Call and See Us.
-1
we are
2, UiiiiirJ Wain man
on llody I <>, Claude Shaw Grade 111 -
ion of i liuneil
1*14
Wo culm
Bring your old
I
re ul

photos to Imisou if you want
u from them
Henry
_____Moved l>y
^ e coun. I lenders minutes as read 1
M°v< I by c > in. Li	,;d
conn. Menders. m, and resolve*!, that Council get legal advice as to who J -ouncil can collect arrears of taxes, after hinds have U*j*oM !.y Sheriffs Bale for Other debts.
t copy or a
Kelly
; X, Arrhn
5, J
seconded by n, and resolved, that the
coun
crayon portrait t maketho I
u
t. Lila W
iway on the effects of a
>n
W,
fur flu* b
sfc money
Ml
C.S
non ;i>, (i.isd *i arual. £ Absent far If examina tier,
R C Dugvir>, Principal
Somcr Elementary Dept.
1
e<(
work guar.iu
1
Pontiac H<Mise
rrriu
;
i
Team for Kale.—Suitable for farm work or portAging. May be seen at the premises of the undersigned. Price runnable.	Wm. A. JlonuiNs.
Poste!1» are out announcing the an ni tea meeting of the Metbndiiit to take place on Christmas night. The principal feature of the evening w ill be a lecture by Rev. Mr. Grenfell, of Arnprior. Admission, 25 cents.
her
Notos of the Campaign
Money Talks.—Tlie army of evacuated Podtiac on Monday.
Grade If
- L P; rcy Beckett ; 2. tlaroh nid E hul Campbell
1 i ' Dale i*. d V
'v '•1,11 - uequal ; 5, L'-na Boyd and A nui Krniley < q id. Crad« ill. —1, lj. J. Nivho'dnn ;2. Eva J. Mori in* n ;3, Mill-orx ,l Caldwell ; 4, Idiram Smiley ; 5 NV mired iuck*r: 0, Elsie Moriiaoii.
J. L Anderson Teacher.
Berk*»:
John 1
invasion
4(2 0.1
•i rro
Moved by coun. Lucas, seconded i>,
>	,	,	ti<wn. Kelly, and resolved, that the fob
¦ mi mrvHJe uad the honor of rolling up lowing lands be forwarded to tlm Counti
thv " -, Al i ‘i ity for onrhome man. Secretary to be told foi unpaid tax
Lot S. VVA lit,
I “ 2.» anti 24,
“ N. E. h 23,
“ S. E j 18,
“ S. E. 4,
“ N. E. I 4,
“ N. E.j 3,
“ S. W.| 2,
Moved by coun. Krniley, seconded by coun. Kelly, and resolved, that the Coun
The fairest election ever fought in I cil*ti°!iro for one hour, on Wetlnes-1 Pontiac, declares Sam. Surely this is , • üe*,n® resumed. The Mayor took Business : Election n,,fc a drive at our friend, Murray.	I '1IS Keat ay the board.
____	^ petition from Mr. Emerson asking
It is proposed to alter the course of the [‘le (-ou,,u,^to °Pun the roads between
Ottawa, so that Pontiac will lie added to lotV and ran8e 8- northwards,
Ontario. Tenders for the work will read
shortly issue from the Liberal rooms at Bryson.
vernary
Chinch
J. H. SHAW
» 1
Range A
I hose Ladysmith stalwarts are the right kiu-l of material to depend upon when The 8. 8. Children,of St. Paul’s church I lu hiciplvs are at stake. Their magnifi-will hold their annual Xmas Tree festi-1 l.unt	' *<>r Brahazon, showed that
val in Elliott’s hall on Thursday evening, I * ieJ’ C0M^ not b* “ cashiered the 20th insfc. A most interesting program will be presented. Admission, 25 and 10 cents.

3

<-

4
Clarendon No. 13. for November
i
(>r.ide IX —1, L k Murphy ; 2, Laura arid M^y H -bin equal ; 3, Eva McDowell ; 4. Eddie Smith. Grade 111 —1, Fred Horner ; 2, Percy Smith; 3, Herbie Richardson • 4, Silas and Clemmie Laugitren tqual. Grade IL—1, John Elliott and Ferda Ralph equal ; 2, Cecilia Horner ;3, Garnet Horner. Priin-er IL—1, Earl McDowell ; 2, Emily Horner ; 3, Roy Hamilton ; 4. Lottie Horner. Primer II, 1, Willie Elliott ; 2, Mary Ralph ; 3, Gordon Elliott ; 4. Harry Smith. Average attendance 38
J. G. Steven Teacher.
School No. 2. Clarendon
4
9
What it took to swing that 500 majority would do a hig tiling for Pontiac, were it applied to our roads, for instance.
10
The annual meeting of Pontiac Agricultural Society No. 1, will be held at
the Town Hall, Shawville, day, the 10th inst of a new board of directors
PIANOS
Ivost—Mr. H. T. McDowell informs us that while driving along the town line between Bristol and Clarendon on the last day of March, last winter, he lost the hack,fto*vyf his driving sleigh. The seat was paint, d black, and Henry would be much obliged if the party who found the same would let him know about
was
Moved by coun. Kelly, seconded by coun. Taber, and resolved, that the Sue____	rotary be instructed to advertise for ce*
The question of the ownership of Pon-	Slivered at the following
tiac has been settled,	at least for tho	next	^	*	on or before the I5th day of March	Class IV. — 1, Mary Cuthbertaon : 2
five years, barring accident.	next,	lenders to be m the office not	Ilorbie Hurt;	3, Henry Johnator!
Iater than the oth day of January next :	Class III—1, Annie Johnston; 2,
The congregation of St. Paul’s church I Mr- Gillies' advisory committee may be	,	Ar	vU>on river	on sideline between	Harold	Carson; 3, L zzie	Lynnl	|
will give a Twentieth Century Supper h,xl)vctn* to let itself be heard from soon;	1!	s	'!!" raln8e	;>u pieces 7 inches	Cams II	.—1, Clarence Carson	; 2,	Edgar
and	Entertainment in	Elliott’s	hall	on	P ^ under nu	compliment, and he	'V nm	¦ en.tl ; Lots 4 and o, range 3, 50	Cuthberteou ; 3t	Lila Maitland and
New	Year	night,	Jan.	1st,	1901.	The	nlay *et ifc 8° to —we	mean adjourn.	ruvu8’	' ?nche.8 Hf sma,i end, 18 feet	Harry Beaulieu	equal. Jr. Class II
program will be of a musical and literary w	.	---- nühL piCT*' ^ feet a,nd 10	-1» Kmer.on Cutie ; 2, Nellie John-
character with addressee from visiting ,Tho vote m Shawville, Thorne and	,	111. «uuueter	at small end. At	rton 3,	Mary Little
clergymen. Admission, 25 and 15 cents. ^laren?lon, I,roveh that religion cut no	II» _	Hidelme between lots 7 and 8,	Cotie;
figure in those places in the fight against r,in^° j" ,,u pieces, < inches in diameter McCagg.
In view of the near approach of the T. M.	"	at small end, and 60 pieces, ÎI inches diMunicipal elections in this county, a|	---- ameter at small end, 18 feet long; 8
worthy citizen suggests that those of the It is reported that a rather unique per- pieces, 20 fert long and 10 inches municipalities which are stuck on outside Missive agency was used at one of the diameter at small end. To be deliver-representation, should intimate through poli» m behalf of the Liberal candidate. c“ on Y1™1»et road on lot 11, range 4, 30 the Ontario papers that positions may be This particular vote catcher was in the IL inches, and 40 nieces, If inches
had for all sorts and conditions of aspir-1 form of a two-year old jar, ornamental on jn ^'^meter at small end, and 18 feet ants for whom the people south of the °ne side with a chromo of Sir Wilfrid - P* . At .Sharpe's Corners, 25 pieces, 7 Ottawa have no particular use. Tho sug- Laurier, and on the other with the in- !nc"®s 111 (|,a,l,vter at small end ; at Wes gestion is well-timed.	' | scription “Vote for Gillies.” The jar ^ r ouug s, 25 pieces, 7 inches in diam
had a tenant in the person of Mr. John	8!,1.A^ î at Elmside, 25 pieces,
Barleycorn, and the way this eloquent	i	»,1D diameter at small end ; at
and persuasive old gentleman appealed to hrlHtul Mines, 25 pieces, 7 inches in (lithe risibilities of the crowd is said to have ametcr a< , end ; at Weirstcad, 25 Grade l \ been beyond description—it was simply PieJe8» f inches m diameter at small end, were i paralyzing.	J; I' itzsimmou's, 25 pieces, 7 inches
The sorrowing	_____111 diameter at small end. All to be 18
parents and relatives have the deep sym-	’	feet long. All the above cedars to be
path of tho community in their affliction.	Clarendon Council.	straight and sound.
i ...	,	.	,	---- Coun. Lucas retired from the board.
>Ve learn with much regret of the Town Hall, Shawville, Dec. 3rd, 1900. Moved by coun. Henderson, seconded death on Thursday last-, at < onneaut, Regular session of the Clarendon Coun- hy coun* Smiley, and resolved, that the Ohm, oi Mrs. Jh. Monck, third daughter	cil this day-members present, Mr. May-1 Secretary bo and is hereby	instructed to
of Mr. VV J. I oupore, ex-M. P. Touch-	orThoe. McFarlane; Councillors	W. C.	writ© P. W. Reseeman and ask him	to
ing the sad event an Ottawa paper says:	McDowell, John Smiley, John	Stewart	8ranfc the Council liberty	to make	the
Mrs. Monck had been ill only a few days,	and W. A. Hodgins.	road from sideline between	lots V and	10 ,	,
young and promising e life.	• ended by coun. John Smiley, that Robt. | Sec. Treasurer. " Mayor, j ^ch“f hîTliiêinieN 8U" ^ went	^ird Thursday
The D. W. KABN COMPANY, Limited,
committee
i
197 SPARKS STREET, - - OTTAWA,
Opposite Blythe's New Store.
A
Sr
We have several good Square Pianos and we want to sell them quickly. Our new stock is coming along now, and we need the room. When in the city, come in and make us an offer.

Class 1.—Earle 2, Willie3, B.oulitu ; 4, Fred Florence Toll. Teacher
g
No. 1 School, Leslie
/
Kimna Qucale, 1428; Guy Farrell, 1312; Eddie Craig, 1299 ; Flo. Parker, 1095. Junior.—Hall Farrell, 1047 ; Lizzie Millilcon, 1025; Walter .Stephens, 1005; Rebecca Stephens, 948; Bertie Farrell, 80ti; Ida Wilson, 801 ; Pearl Farrell, 009; Edith Sutherland, 280.

<
Do you want a good Second-hand Organ ?
We have some and must sell them out also.

I
1
M. II. Lowe, teacher
Master Stewart Hobbs, third son of Mr. Robt. Hobbs, of Clarendon, closed hin eyes in death’s last sleep on Saturday, the 8th inst., after a lingering illness from consumption. His remains interred on Tuesday
nount School
See our Mr. J. R HORNER, Shawville. He will give you every attention and send you what you need—at once.
— I, Artie Somerville; 2, Bird ie Judd; 3, Carrie Hamilton. Grade HI—1, Emma Atkinson; 2, Howard Lummis; 3, Ida Atkinson. Grade II— 1, Silas Somerville ; 2, Mary Tubman ; 3, Pearl Lathem. Primer I.—1, Bernice Dale; 2, Louisa Lummis; 3, Maggie Judd. Primer L—1, Chas. Lum-mis; 2, Earl Lang; 3, Creighton Whom; 4, Clarence Smith.


M. McKablank, teacher

I
%







Wm. Brock#, fifteen yean old, of- Jamestown, R, I., was killed by a boy com pan* ion, who shot at a duck yesterday.





> ?
a
v
V



\.
V .
A
\ V
###PAGE###2###





JEWS OF OUR COUNTRY. ,'0,cs and
Comments.
CHINESE THEORY OF PUNIS',M, NT
IUTTEH COLD.
The ooze wan what was left of animal ciucassee sweeping downward through centuries; the clay was the plastic remnants of even earlier periods, the spherules were representatives of meteoric particles which had plunged through immeasurable distance from outer dark into inner dark.
Volcanic debris, oxides of iron, zoolitic crystals, manganese nodules and remains of whales and sharks arc characteristic of these deep holes. One haul of a trawl iin the Pacific brought up from a depth of ntvtrly three miles many bushels of manganese nodules, 1,500 sharks' teeth and fifty fragments of the bones of whales tint beyond these, all other objects which might U* expected to drop from the surface are wanting. It is not surprising, however, in view of the terrible pressure of the water at these great depths. Nothiuig not especially adapted for it could withstand It. It is calculated that one mile beneath the surface the pressure of the water on all sides of an object is orne ton to the squard inch. In view of this it was formerly1 supposed that the pressure at the lowest depth must be great enough to turn the bo11ora to stone. But the dredge shows this to be wutrue.
The fish that live in these! deep holes are soft and gelatinous, the ly condition in fact which would save them from the effects of the pressure. The water permeates their soft structure and counteracts its
states when a state gives a plu» i lit y, no matter how small for the Democrats all the Republican voters disfranchised, and send up not a man to have a word in the selection .f President. In Canada if a province with ‘JO members for the House of Commons gives a small majority one way, it is probable that the representation sent up to select a premier will probably be divided in the proportion of 1J to 8 or 13 to 7. This is a good deal better than sending the whole 20 to plump for one party and disfranchising all the electors of the other party as is done in the United States. It is notorious, however, that the United States never borrows anything from Canada. That is not directly from Canada. Some day it will notice some teints of our system in Australia or New Zealand and
iGionto Letter.
President Pritchett, of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology has
just giv
Monthly, his ideas of how large ttie population of the United States will be in the year JîHXUki thousand years from now. llis flgurm which are forty billions of imputation are bc.,cd upon a study of the United States census from 17tW to 18P0. This conclusion,
II 1l«i»l be Mi, Terrltte «»• I» Tritium
Kvlltloert.
FROM THE
NTERESTINO ITEMS
DIFFERENT PROVINCES.
ire
in the Popular Science
Even pirates in China excita something of compassion. Like the vast multitudes they are probably shot1 of food, and fur their offense, when caught, they are cruelly punished. In the Magistrate's Y a men at Canton there, were three pirates just brought down for trial by one of her majesty s gunboats, These wretches, loaded will' fetters, were awaiting the certain!) of decapitation in a filthy yard ad-
When 1 saw them
but an*
Thk United States Elector ai Ucx.lkuu — How it Fails to Fvl vil 1rs Function—Bryan Might Have Been Elected By a Minority— The Canadian System.
rlf Event* 1h.ll InliTCst I he «Tinaillnit
mint i
l\opl«« (Troiilr nl Nrlcllj —
I* rmii ili, % l In nil* l«> <li
on
H.'uHli'.
rate is *24 1-2
tax
Owen Sound’s
mills.
A Teerswater mm has had success
in growing peanuts.
A new Anglican church is taing er-
All hu Ban institutions are fault> ami nwer <**• be made perfect, but this fact should not deter us in en deevori.ni» to make them as nearly perfect ns we can. No chronometer keep* exact time, but the variation of one of these instruments from the true time is so small and so accurately known, that the watchmaker can keep the time from year to year and never be out more than a few seconds. This is therefore the reason why in
which is of relatively little importance to	ilc now living on the
earth, is much surpissed iu interest! the actual figures upm which he
I li S ‘ go to pi “\p
erted at Ciananvque.
Kirn in expects to have elactrie cars before Christmas.
joining the court t he v had not been hoi tm @d other was brought in who ha<l bet a judiciously handled the day before. The theory of the criminal law of the is that every prisoner must
b uses his estimate Prof. Pritchett's general contention When not disturbed by ex-
running
The hiIlient license in Eganvillv has Ijvrn reduced to
that
traneons causes, -i ti as emigration#
XV. S, Hu,ili is spoken of us a mayoralty candidate in Hrockvills.
Hon. Smith Curtis has removed from Ibwodand to Victoria, HC.
A now Presbyterian church has been dedicated at 1 la Id nr, Man.
(ÏVD. 11. Ixivitt, one of tho wealthiest ci tisons of Yarmouth, N.S., is dead.
Wurk in proceeding <m the erection ,rf the new postoffice at Kamloops, B. C.
ILtw. Father Palmer, of Greenwood, H. C., bn« been rum Arod to Spokane,
the increase of
warm and famines population g tv* on at a constantly dim shii i . I ,• portance of this deduction is this, tb.it it runs straight against the famous doctrine of Ma It bus, the demigod
empire
voluntarily confess to his crime I before he can be punished. In practice the confession is obtained by constant
use in
adopt them with considerable of flourish, while Canadians will only
ABC.
The great irn-
a
regard to our ; political institutions we are never to rest satisfied, or hope to get a machine that in itself will always work nearer the true line and
People who
tortures, repeated day by day, or as often as the accused can endure them, for they must, at the magistrate’s
risk, stop short of death. 1 his
basket,
sjnile.
of the M im hi-istur school of political
economists, who prod limed tint mum
lendcd to multiply very much faster
than the means for his subsist once. The r«searches of many eminent men
that time (have shown that Mai-
EARTH'S DEEPEST HOLES
1
own
pirate was brought in on a because the day before his ankles hud been broken in the course of his torments, with a wooden hammer, and
correct Its own errors search in the historic past for perfect rights will never find them. Right and justice and peace are not behind us, for the past holds little but cruelty and injustice and wrong, but in front, and the way to progress is not
ONE OF THEM GOES DOWN OVER A MILE AND A QUARTER.
since
wrong and that Nature
would look after this matter as she
The most
to ex
Mian# sunk en In it Shi I low Cewimred With ihr Ocean*» Ibyofl The»e Arc gicr Four Mlle» I» Hcptli.
a well has
he was to be hung up again tract a few more crumbs of evidence To enter the yajnen of a magistrate is to plunge deep into all the "enchantments of the middle age,” with the addition that the Oriental torturer takes a far keener pleu-his dreadful work than one
thus was
W. T.
Halifax Presbyterians have given $40,000 for the Presbyterian century fund.
Ven. Archdeacon Fortin has been rector of Holy Trinity church, Winnipeg, for 25 years.
Harvey Thoiniwon. Bobcaygeon, who htm been in the hotel business for thirty years, has retired.
Rvv.La xvrence Sinclair lately Church of England minister at (lore Bay, has been stationed at Huntsville.
Henry Hyman lias been appointed waiter-works superintendent at B r-lin, at a salary of $50 per month
W. J. OTwnor, a Mount Biker, B.C., mining man, pu#s<wses a curio in the shape of a $7 United State» bill of 1775.
Mayor Wilson and Aldermen Mitchell and lives will bo candidates in the coming mayoralty campaign in Winnipeg.
Ktinuei Moore, one of the pioneers of British Columbia and a leading rancher at Nicola, is dead. He wus a native of Montreal.
W. A. White# of Owen Sound, has gone to Singapore Straits Settlements to take the management of a life insurance company.
In British Columbia the Dominion Government is erecting postoffices at New Westminster Nelson ami Kamloops and a drill-shed at Vancouver.
A monUHKHit and. fountain to the memory cf Bobbie Burns was recently unveiled on Beacon Hill Victoria, B P., by Sir Henry JoIy de Lotblnere. It wns erected by the Scotch citizens of the. Pacific Province capital.
Chief Justice McCVll stated at a meeting of the Full Court at Victoria, B.C., the other day that in his opinion and that of bis as sociates there were nt.Kv too many sittings of the court of appeals. He held that four such sittings lier annum should suffice. Mr. H D. He line ken Q.C., concurred, and stated that he would be pleased to convey their Lordships’ opinion to the Attorney-General.
some wf
Chinese
doe.» after so many others recent conclusion seems to be# that as
to revive some worn out constitution but to frame a new one as perfect as we can with our present knowledge.
Near Pittsburg, Penn been dug 5,532 foet deep—that is, 252 feet mure than a mile. Wheeling, W. Va., they are sinking a well which is now w ithin a few hund
man increases in number and as hi* wants Increase in complexity, his rate of increase will decrease until long before there is any danger of the earth being unable to sustain
will reach tine ®ta-
Near
•J!
These remarks are brought out Xy a consideration of some features of the recent United States elections.
In the days of Washington and Jefferson it was thought that the Fleet oral College, the members of which were elected, so many for each state. the presidential campaign, would meet and select freely of their own motion thp best man in the United States for the office of president. How long the Electoral Do Page did act on this principle I do not know, but It is certain that if the College^ ever lived up to this high conception of its duties it was so long ago that the fact has passed from the memory of man.
lege has su long been a mure set of
counters that many know such an institution exists. So far as performing present functions concerned thy (members might as
sure m
would fain believe can ever have been the cape hi Europe outside the cells of the Spanish inquisition. With positive delight he exhibits the bUod the rattan and the bamboo, and explains how many blows of the thick
needed to kill. Graphically
red feet of a mile deep. At last report they had reached the 4,920j foot level. At Sperembcrg, near Germany, they are driving a hole in
beds which is already 4,569 feet deep and it is getting deeper lU	"At Schladabaeh, near
humanity, man
Berlin
own pressure.
Forty-three areas have bee# found on the sea bottom lying deeper than three miles. Eight of these are deeper than four miles. These are; Nares Deep in the North Atlantic, Ross Deep in the Antarctic, Weber Deep in the Banda Sen, Challenger, Tusearora and Sap an Deeps in the North Pacific, and Aldrich and Richards Deeps in the South Pacific. Three of these Deeps
They a re
Resides this every
tkuwry state
invention, increases the food produc.
of the earth and a a to the
gypsum
on
mg power
the amount of room left for man to in the mont competent author!-
every day Lftipsic, they are taking salt from a
well that is even deeper than the Vit-
This hole is ü,2t>5 feet
cane are
he illustrates the peculiar torture of
trussed fowl,
grow
tiA* state that the whole of the present population of the earth could bs must allied upon the products of ths
It is evident there-
tying a man Up like a
and then
BREAKING BIS MUSCLES
tsburg well deep. The Red Jacket shaft uf the Calumet and Her la mine in the- Lake
Amazon valley fare that as yet we are not in danger of crowding one another off * h<*
with repeated blows, or hamstring-him to keep him quiet in future.
elaboration of cruelty
Superior copper district is a mile deep and men work in the shaft the Tamarack mine has a shaft near-
llut at
mg
Near by
corn tain five-mile holes Aldrich, Tuscarora and Weber deeps. But the Aldrich Deep hole is the deepest, as was stated above. Yet, deep as it is, in spite of the fact thatMount Everest, the highest mountain in the world, if dropped into the hole would sink out of sight in the ocean, that little pinnacle called Sunday Island standing squarely in this five-mile hole is able to rear its head 2,000 feet above the surface of the sea c ideal t a 1 ly this conveys a vivid idea of the contrast nature is able to make in the matter of high hills and deep boles.
no
which is not daily-practiced in a Chinese y amen, and the numbers of the onlookers show the light in which such sport is popularly regarded.
It is only fair to say that the Chinese have an explanation of this theory of punishment. Un the whole,
few disturbed
earth.
ly as deep as Red Jacket Paruschowitz, in eastern Sil aia, there well which is (mow 0,701) feci deep,
On Nov. 21, the Ninth Annual irrl-
inet in Chicago.
gat ion convention The great object of the members of thirt body is expressed in their motto, the forests ami store *h# They desire to have t he U.
In fact tlie Klectora 1 Col-

ie a
oir exactly 1UU feet more thauu a mile mud a quarter. They are still boring and it is the intention to go down
people do not
Sa v e
floO.lft
S. Government take up irrigation as
8.800 feet, or one and two-thirds miles, when some interesting scientific experiments will be made. Unquestionably, this is now the deepest artificial hole in the world.
Rut im this i*ace far into the earth's
the country, save in a districts, is comparatively free from while the police are admittedly
are
well be black or white balls, sent up
To do this they
a national measure believe it will be nece.ss.iry to replant the watersheds with trees where they have been destroyed by fire and and to plant new forests, where none have existed within the memory ^of Along with (4;ia \viifl Tfo re-which ure to be constructed the highlands with suitable canals and channels to carry the water te lands that have never felt water be-
f-^yi the different states according the said states went Republican or
1 do not know whether ever seeks a seat in the
crime
wanting in any sort of efficiency. 1 he watchman, who goes his rounds at
night, wields his rattle gong to warn intending malefactors of bis approach. Close to Vekiu, in the city of Clmig-llo, the policeman Still further and discharges his
In-
ti s
axe
Democrat
beats his
any person Electoral Col 1 ege, hut if so, I feel it must be purely fur tho sake of the filiez, and, perhaps excursion, attached. If a state gives a plurality for the Republicans then the nix, ei&ht or members of the College to
cere there are other competitors, other well holes which are not quit# so deep as these big ones pressing them hard. They aro MOSTLY IN GERMANY.
At Lieth, near Altana, there is a hole 4,388 feet deep. At Eu near Strass-furt they have gone down 4,241 feet, At Lubthcon, in Mecklenburg, they
man.
..sçryoirs
"Did the Boers expect to win t "Of course, most of them not sure they wouldn’t hive made a good fight of it if they hadn't been such asses as to sit down round Lady-«mit h
the game was up.
Ladysmith alone, keeping juat a few thousand men and some guns to hold White, they could have occupied the whole of Natal."
but are
And I'm
on
goes
old musket in the air over the principal inns to let robbers know that he is a bout-^a remedy, in itself both deterrent and self-protective. For a moment 1 was at a loss to know whom the guardian of the peace was shoot-
en
The point numbers of the con-
fore.
vent ion made is that at present s
which that state is entitled are absolutely sure to vote for the Republican candidate who has been chosen
in advance. Thus the original intern- ; are still digging at 3,949 feet tton of the framers of the United Semnewitz, near Halle, 3,644 feet has States constitution has been nullified and in the place of an active, judicial, and responsible body they have a useless adding and subtract- while at Fried ne bsa ne near Aschers-
ing machine, which formally announce leben, they have punched a hole in
perfectly well known
When I heard of that 1 said
If they had left
large part of the United «States is go-backward in regard to moisture.
At
ing
TJie clearing away of the forests hss caused spring floods and summer drouth in place of a fairly equable flow in the streams and rivers all While irrigated lands have
ing at.
The principal value of the constable is that in default of the actual lawbreaker he cam be flogged for non-
01 far more importance is
At Inowraxlaw, Posi
feet,
been reached drills are working at 3,624
MOOSE FOR NEW ZEALAND
year
tho great disadvantage of increased coNt they have some very important
Lise farmers are al-
d recovery
the universal and complicated system
evs wha t wae days or weeks before
3,543 feet deep. At St
the earth Louis they have a well which will stand comparison with these German
All of
illrmpt In Arrlleuilltf C un .«lien Big In I Ur	"# — Large l-ee*
slim iienl» Aeul Out
Canadian moose and caribou are not only being extensively hunted this Ben son by sportsmen from all parts of the world, but by special permission of the Quebec authorities live specimens of these species of North American large game are being shipped to various foreign countries consignment of m ose has lately been Nent to New Zealand.
About a year ago the Government of New Zealand divided to attempt to ac liniatize the North American moose
there and entered into correspondence with the Canadian Government. The authorities at Ottawa promised to assist the project and with the help of C. C. Chapman, Chief Commissioner of the Hudson Bay Company, throe baby moa-**, none of tbam more than a few weeks old, were got together in the Lake Manitoba country were hand-reared for six or eight month** on cli »ppel food, fresh fruit, vegetables, etc., special care being taktvn to get the. i sufficiently tame for the long voyage that is before
of mutual responsibility among members of a family amt neighbors of a house—that system which has its roots so deep in the foundation of Chinese aociety and there exhibits so much of the earliest traces of civilisation. All this is a great social safeguard, hut for the determined criminal there is little of check or restraint outside of
He may be reprobated by
imil
advantages
The result of this shrivelling up and dying of a good institution is that, it 1 wells. It is 3.843 feet deep [„ p, ss.We for a min to be elected these wells are more than half a mile president of the United States who re- deep and several of them have passed
thousand fewer votes | the three-quarter mark.
As these wells all get hotter, and
hotter as they are driven deeper and
suggested is.
of moisture, and can have
The
ways sure
it juwt whan the crop needs it farms must be small, which! conduces to intensive cultivation and sociability among the	gener-
ally resulting* in some form of co-
The.se are features much

TASTED LIKE ITSELF
Lord Wolseley, the retiring Comma nder-in-Chief of the British Army, dues not tell this story, but somehow or other it got abroad and is generally credited as strictly true.
On one occasion the famous Field Marshal’s zeal for the welfare of bis men got the better of his discretion. Dinner was being served to the soldiers, and orderlies hurried backward 1 forward with steaming pails of Lord Wolseley stopped one of
ceives many than his opponent. This is not only
r
a suppositions case but men, we are
told, have actually been elected in deeper, the outcome
In the lust election the that as soon aa a sufficient depth is
reached, natural steam will be en-

ope r a t ion
desired m farm life, so that irrigation besides putting back the area of desert and improving the rain fall in
other parts has many smaller benefits for which iit is desired.
4 large
this way
New York Sun claims for McKinl-y a
plurality of 750,000 votes, and yet countered, or if the well be dry, wa-had only 75,000 people, who voted for ter can be pumped in and returned in McKinley turned over and voted for the form of marketable vapor. It is Bryan, Bryan would have been elected pointed out that many buildings in To prove this the Sun gives the vote in several parts of the world are heat-twelfe states where the Republicans ed with naturally warm well water, by close pluralities. The total ^he hospital at Grenelle and large
over*of^7")"oOO would ^vîgive^tbë I *~torle. in Wurtemberg are notable state# to Bryan. Thmr collective re- examples. Also, the geyser shows presentation in the Electoral College heat from the earth’s interior may 71 which would have been enough
this to
the y amen his clan and his guild, but he certainly has little police inspection, Therefore, argues the apologist, the punishment inflicted must be of so terrific a kind as to frighten away evildoers by its mere atrocity. All justification of the barbarous punishment runs on the same lines. Besides, manifold as is the subdivision and organization, of Chinese life and being, you always feel that their attitude of mind and conception of manners, differs more widely from those of the mouirii uian of the west than he can from his ancestor of the specious times” of Queen Elisabeth. Yet, what were the views of the Elizabethan man in regard to torture, sanitation, and magic ?
'

About 1850 Prof. Layurd began aa investigation of the mounds of Nineveh. This city which
a
IV
soup
them. The man was at attention in
was out of
won

at the time of Xeno-
memory even
phoB, 400 years before Christ, shown to have been as great:	and
the Bible.
a moment.
Remove the lid. No sooner said than done.
Let me taste it.
But, plane yer—•
Let me taste it, I say.
And taste it he did.
Disgraceful 1 Tastes like nothing In the world but dishwater.
Plase, yer honor, gasped the man,
and so it is.
was
populous as described In
Kawlinsun and others did Babylon what Layurd and hie assvoi-did for Nineveh, to the first
manifest itself forcibly on the sur-
was
to elect Bryan. Supposing
have occurred Bryan would have been elected though he would have receiv-about 500.000 votes less than Mc-Yet there are some people in
for
face
Beside the chasms in. the oceani bed the holes Lu the land are as pin punctures, (or more than half of the whole floor lies two miles below the surface of the water. One-eighth of this latter area is depressed below three miles. This eighth itself is million square geographical
These
•tes
quarter of this century there were who did not hesitate boldly
Kinley
the United States who say that to attempt to remedy such a state of af-affairs would be unpatriotic and un-American, such.
writers
tx> deny the authenticity of the biblical account of the origin of Babylon, and to declare that it was Impossible such a city should have existed in very ancient times, from Lhe fact that it had passed so completely out of mind could positively assert where it stood. Not until excavations had been made in the great mound of Nimrud was It plain that one of the earliest if n*>t the earliest centers of popula-
sea
Argument is lost on
them.
Their railroad journey from Portia Prairie to the Pacific Coast about 1630 miles, and now they
Mrs. Younglove: John, do you know that you haven't kissed me for a week ?
Mr. Younglove : Yes, darling ; 1 w as just waiting to see bow long it would take you to notice it.
John, it will be observed, bad his of mind with him
seven
THE M1PORTANT THING.
I am thinking, she said of writing h novel. How would you advise me to begin? Would It be better to have the plot all worked out before I start the story, or let it develop as I go along ?
Oh, he replied, I wouldn't bother of minor details of that kind, hirst get publisher who can sell 100,000 copies before you begin writing. The rest will come easy.
lL>w this nan occur Is readily seen
miles in extent and contains area-4 or
rather basins which dip iu places more than five miles below the surface.
These last almost unfathomable holm
in the ocean bottom occur only in
three places, or at least only three
soundings of five mile* or more have
been made
i go
if we remember that when a state ReplLcan by a plurality of 500
was
haw been embarked on board the steamship Aorangi for a sea voyage of a month to the Antipodes.
Four very fine specimens of Newfoundland caribou have just been sent from	in's to the National Zoo#
They
goes
all the vr»tes in the Electoral College
to which the state is entitled whether
they be three nr thirty according, to
the size of the state, go Republican,
and that this voting power in the
college is not increased though the Republicans got a majority of 200,000 votes in the State. Thus a party might heap up ewmous majorities In nearly one half the states and lose by narrow majorities in the remaining elates and thus lose the election though hundreds of thousands had voted for their candidate
that no one
presence

There may be others, of

Magistrate, to prisoner: You were caught in the aot of opening a bedroom window Prisoner
evetn deeper, which have as yet
had been discovered. Thousands
lo cal Park at Washington.
shipped by United States Con-
course
remained undiscovered
than
of bricks, Inscribed with the named
were collected
a
sul t arter at ht. John's on board the
steamship ^ly via, bound for New York. they were caught when quite
young by Georgs *ncbolls at Dee! Pond and were so docile that they would follow Nicholla about like dogs.
Orders have been received at Quebec for live beavers for Bronx Park, New York, but as the capture of these animals is at present prohibited here, it may be some time before they can be supplied.
The deepest of these holes exists in ihe South Pacific to the east: of the Kermadece. It is 5,155 fathoms deep or 530 feet more thuin live geographical miles. The sounding that went to bottom represents the farthest reach of humankind toward the cen
Yet what came
Yes, your worship. I
believe in hygiene, and I **s only
the window an inch or
,f Babylonian kings and found places on the shelves of public and private museums. Every noticed that the bricks of Babylon and the walls of the palaces of Nineveh were covered with wedged shaped characters, of which no could divine the meaning Some regarded them as arbitary ornaments half a dozen other explanations were volua# teered, but finally, on the face, of a
in Assyria, there was die-
înMoriptSon,
going to open two for the benefit of the occupant's health. It’s frightfully unhealthy to sleep with your bedroom window completely shut up, your worship.
Old Gentleman, dictating indignant letter: Sir,-My typewriter, being a lady, cannot take down what I think of you. I, being a gentleman, cannot think it; but you, being neither, can easily guess my thoughts.
Mrs. Skinner* Oh, but I wish I was a man 1
Mr. Skinner: Why so, my dear Î
Mrs. Skinner to-day, if 1 was only a mun, how happy I could mike my wife by giving her a diamond necklace tor a birthday present.
one
i
than for the victor
its
ona
Such a state of affairs is conceivable, but very unlikely under the British System members 105 might be elected with
tremendous majorities, for one party and 110 elected by very narrow joriti&s for the other, but the chances are overwhelming that such will not b the case. In fact the British system provided in its House of Commons' an Electoral College nearly as Jefferson eunoeived it should be. In the United
of the earth
ire
It is believed that the. emigration from Germany to the United States will be very heavy next spring.
The Italian Radical newspapers are making a campaign in favour of the withdrawal of the Italian troops from China, declaring that in the rescue of the members of the foreign Legation- at Pekin they accomplished their sole task.
buck with the rod
was meagre m
In Canada with 215
of what might have been ex
globigei ina ooze,
view
•cted A little little of that curious red clay which nearly half of the seal floor,
IMPORTANT TO CHORUS GIRLS.
And whet dues the story of the prodigal son teacher.
It teaches us bow to get the fatted calf was the prompt reply of U boy at the loot of the class.
precipice overt d
which ghve the dew tio the mystetrU
and Instantly the
history of a conquering nation and of two great cities stood revealM.
ma
a bi-ling pal
noflTS
i lew m ganese mudules, some min magnetic spherules of cosmic origin—that was all; these and the positive assurance of intense
ness and
I was just thinking
teach us ? asked the
characters
ute
ous
bad
dai k

P
1
###PAGE###3###
/
Z ^










#


hours end
•ente.
Apple Sweetmeats.—Make a syrup in the proportion of 1-8 pint water to two cups sugar. IJoil, skim and flavor with lemon
do no I ins a h in cooking. Stow in clear wuter until tender. Transfer to syrup and boil until transparent.
I with liquid pudding
lion of fowl milk in Denmark by grad Intf it when it >	•	-
tIm and creameries,	___
... 1 tH' "Godards for «rading are : I SCIENTIST WHO SAYS COOKING IS
*n ,k,lnts are *iven f°r all milk	A USELESS NOTION,
without
I «r»
#
COOKED fOOD IS ODE CÜESE
A person living on uncooked diet ne«xJ have no fear of comuag Lgicontaot with oontagl
whore there is pestilent hr h-a con-etitution has become so healthful that it will cast off all disease germs. Alan may be made just as free from’small-
j Ok the Farm,
he Home
comes to the chess*
may go

Select apples which
PLANTS FOlt WINTER.
Plants that have been lifted
tho garden for winter t
house will l*e leas aifeoted by
change to c lotte rooms if they are left
in a somewhat open shed or back
kitchen for a few «lays then moved into a
FARMERS NEGLECT THEIR
HEALTH.
an<y faults. The most points
=. z |	1 .........
Farmers are, as a class, careless about
from
care in the
* Belter Sfheme Frofri.er • fier Ikm (pitif Mew Iei»ii and Aver*
rnuft Iwve „ «00,1 Inwh T*“	I- hm.r Ih.n EvrrJP01' y*ltow ,ev«r °r bubonic plague a*
irotna. Milk with nine pointa I. not Prof,*s,,r B Tyler, of Chicago, be- “ horfl<!'	H,; can	tra',«1 in	country
preserving the purity of their water I leas freah. Eight pointa milk has not	that cuolte<1 food in humanity’» w,thout	fear of	affliction	groin th.
Have a wumlen horae	to	put	the supplier! and about the drainage of been treated so clean »» could be wlah Kr,,at,'at cura" “¦** thus enforces bia cl|mate.
room with an open window and ?}° .	a a,nnll	cane	to	heat, their houaea in relation to the water ed for, or ie Wiunimr to turn »„„r V'*'v" “ au “‘'vocale of the use of raw
no fire, thus to become gradually an- ,h°, “ out ol th»m;«Uo, a board or supply. Then, too, there ia the lly mnn pointa the fault ia » pro-’	fur tbp ct,z,8flr,,s*
slimated. Plants that have been ta. ung enough for them to be put question of food. Farmers eat as u I no u need that the ,u i>	, Afl a reâulfc my own experiences tion and preservation of ideal health
growing in pots all summer require <hwr who,e ,e,l^th when brushing rule t<o much pastry and cakes. They	acquainted with ,,,lluu * u,vl of	by other persona at	e*»pe with the steam, and the food
twre of this kind to soins extent. thejn# IIave twu brushes, one & hard , fry their food rather than broil it.	root It as soon as x	<M01' luy Erection and under my observa-	retains a greater supply of all, lime
R'ixoa ami brackets for the windows, bliatle; th® other soft use the hard- Their bread is not as goo< on an	milk ia rotu rued	^ *'	' * *	" * fi«>n, I am firmly convinced that cook-	and other such substances than na.
ind all designs filled with ornamental *** for the *Tftat onats« arwl for the average, as it ought to be They eat	|n tom§ of t« ,	.	wl food Li (he greatest curse of (human-	turn requires for the amount of food
.........
iËE «SP» Süi
wmmmm mm mm m
It is thirsty; than it should lie thor- ,	,.	, n , .. ..	°*Jh* wt*r* roulld of	(lutiea| GENERAL INFORMATION. 'iy* There is
Highly watered	* J 0,10 " '	together;j which often ooustitute the entire
„ .	th** t*nwh the inside and la*t of all
It is a a plead id plan U carry all the dollar
the plants to the kitohen on wash day and give them a t borough soaking tn the
the
TO BRUSH CLOTHES
In cooking food all the actdfl and
in taken into the system
COOKING A NOTION
Cooking is all a notion, and a very bad one for the human race, it began somewhere back in the prehistoric 19	as a fad, and has continued to
MB
p^ara, grapes, numer»
ouA others that are healthy and rellsh-able
The melons are all well recur»»
| .................................l5% .tZrlnE	J
day*. If farmers would only follow A railway engine is equal in <*use than the ceatinueua injurious ef-	mature calls for ,t.
these principles, it would be found length to !)U0 horses.	fects beieg wrought by cooked foo,j
ex[>erieiire that farming was by far tho health!- | a mile of railway there are over the human race.
' keeF,r* J*lly with*mt covering	the	est of all occupations.	It is pretty | 2.000	sleepers.
v<v,.-.8ia in which it ia placed.	For	well favored as it is. but	attention to
Tears, she writes, this practice	has	these details would make	it much bet-
wipe the pots, and when the l«e„ discontinue,I. After fillin* glass superfluous water had run away they w
no doubt that the an-
sum
Salt
DON'T COVKJt JELLY GLASSES
PRODUCED RESULTA.
Please, lady, gimme a penny, pleaded the ragged little beggar.
Good gracious, child ! er> Iaimed the kind-hearted lady, giving him a nie-kel, are those the best shoes gut t
Yea, indeed
kindling with professional pride couldn’t git no letter for rry business
de nickels out
rinsing water, plants to net in the tub until all the mrth Is wet, then transfer them to the sink to drain, remove all dead leaves
Allow the
A writer contributes her
un
i
COOKED FOOD DESTROYED It was never intended that
1 he game of chess is taught in all th** Australian public schools.
Ur. Invest igB turns in England have The shortest mile is the Chinese,
«vain ready for their .helve., f <Z ui^puT iÏ'Ï	^	^	^2	““	9,0 yar^ Norway hae the long-
i frated! in this way they seldom re- cloeei, protected from the dust by
quire watering but once a week and width of while cheesecloth, the muss is avoided around the
any living thing should derive substantial sustenance from that which has been destroyed
troyed. It is the destroy.
you ve
Food when cooked is des-
are
moat healthful occupation. If their **d 12.182 yards.
death rate, which was the lowest on The preparation of human hair for which is the list of the occupations investirait- th market gives employment to more put over the array of glasees. Treat- ed. be regarded at the standard of than 7,000 Parisians.
meaner	not mold,
out at this linn, is quickly and easily but a cryatalli,ati„n takes place
done. Never set plants whose leaves
mission of fire to
le replied, h U eye
a
I
I We take ™to our body dead relis to i replace thr* worn out cells cast off from 100, thou the farmers rate Would be German engine-drivers receive a' tiiti htM,y- Man with bis superior in, oov- expressed by 114 ; paper-makers Would gold medal and £100 for every ten telligt-nct* should live much longer in
fluors are being swept are a wise precaution. It will save the labor of extra sponging and serve to keep the plants growing thriftily. They have no lungs but the pores of the leaves, ...
and the** must not become cheked up	thi* is Lhe tixird	time	you've	been	R was formerly. There is no necessity I	are 6,050. In Russia there are only
If Vfiti wn„W	^ 1	here.	for as much exposure in way of wet	7*3 newspapers, or one to every 170,000 •. 1 euffered from	viatic rheumatism
«wrsrzwtrzs ««•	—<-*.«.r¦»«•	••*>
try g of ne mornimr » lories nastur-	°**r' 1>e been	trying to	get	work	acience of cooking is better master-	The flags to be hoisted at one time	*** alwaya ful1	of	dandruff;
Hums sweet ftlyssum and sweet ue*a	aad C(mldn’t.	^ than it was then. Many implements	in ««nailing at sea never exceed four.	‘^rer na‘la were	«hort	and brittle.
In the house Th«v will r«w.r.i	You wouldn't work if you could get use<1 by farmers are more favorable lt is Hn interesting arithmetical fact ‘ h these afflictions I was looked
with brLhtblosiLT.It “¦	B,ld lt	««V to. Lb is olas, to rea- "-at. within eighteen varicolored , ^un b>'™^	« " b»"hy man.
====3	=
iehed separation from neighbors. 1 wrHn*thiiig of a trade in crowns. They	*
f	Wages is no object, your honor; all There are fewer people on lonely *** real ones of solid gold, with cap
a I want is work with food and clothing farms. There is a sense of self-respect | of crimson velvet, and a shelter
Win-
Sponging the leave* inside and
duw
bey don’t- do a t'ing but bring

BY HI8 PKN.
And you say you have made a fortune» by your [ten ? said the earnest young man with tho literary look.
Y es, sir, replied the comfortable per# And I deserved it. It is one of the best fountain pens ever put on the market.


son
and ill health the
in agricultural implements whereby States and in Ear<q>e with genuine ^ bad reached fifty years of
much of the hardest work is lighten- Jordan water.	, bright was 5feet and 8 inches; my	TOO ELOQUENT.
HE 1,01 SOME WORK TO DO. I ed and the routine is cut short by a The total number of newsfwpers of, height 232 pounds. I had been af- That man Wixford, who wan injur-Prieoner, said the learned magie- feat ni+*J hours. Thon, too, the M11 kinds published in the world iajfl,cted with kidnc7 trouble from ed in a railway accident, sued the com#
trate to a lazy fellow before him, clothing of all classes is better than M2,800. In the United Kingdom there \L>ut 1 contracted eczema from vac- puny for 124)000 da males and plead*
cinatlon.
ed nil own case so ably aad power# fully that he lost it.
How was that ?
The injury for which he wanted damages was a broken jaw.
age
My 1 head
my
VALUE UP MUSIC
4
roil
Mrs. Maternal—I am eorry you art

r
it was honest work
my daughter.
Prof. Von Note—Id ees nod necei-
THE APPLE.
What kind of wtgwf
I now tip the scalt-s at 153 pounds, and can race up three flights of stairs sary* hh* knows enough museek to
with any boys in Chicago. My kidney geL max,ied 00• ^ eemplaint vanished the moment r rem Ted the cont.nuing cause and rnrncod to live on raw diet.
Within six days after beginning new diet, my rest was the moat re tttke two-third# of tn^m away, what freshing it had been
i
Iced Apples.—Pare and core ldos large apples, fill with sugar and l little butter and nutmeg, put in the oven, and when done, remove to aflat dish. Ice top and sides with cake j (>f a j°bî icing. Set eway to get oold.
Black Cape.—Pare and core tart ap-
pie*. Fill the center of each with I hU eyee-
Very well,
incrustations of

which is stimulated by association £*rn*t, topes, and other kinds of And you'd work if you had that sort wifch other people which tends to bet- cfaeap but showy stones, and are sup-
tar oare of health and more observ- Filed to the Kings of Africa—of Indeed	I would,	your	honor; only	of the	necessities of life on the	whom there are several hundred— at
try me, and the tears actually came	P«t of the	farmers.	All these ole-	a highly satisfactory return of ivory
meats enter	into the	case and the	an<1 other merchandise,
said	the	magistrate,	fanner's lot	ought to	improve until	the course of an Australian tour
kindly, we’ll give you a job, with it attains its possibility of being the *n 1898 vf™e- Alva volunteered to sing shelter, food and clothing combined, umst conducive of any occupation to Six months’ hard labor. Next ca


SUBTRACTION
com-
Teacher—Jimmy, if you found eighteen pennieJ and another boy should
my
f
would each of you have (
in seven years from
^:^sœssf
Jzzzzzz.znz rrr: vizzr, isr b z tz,mz "1	-1 - -- •
and bone in the spring, does not wor- h“°'s 88 » singer." The legacy was half moon shown on each nail and I say Î
ry much about their winter's feed. I at the rate °f ^OUO a song.	am pron,l of their beautiful pink color.
But the man whj ia alive to his duty I Carried men in Sweden and Norway	TEETH FIRM AND HARD
an a farmer cannot dismiss matters I a{* as much lalwlled as their wives.	My teeth bave bec.îme remarkably
so lightly. He is studying upon or has They wear wedding-rings thereby firm and bird. I imagine that what
Many a dairyman fails to do as well glgt^ hey proclaim the fact to the throughout my whole system have
as might more from lack of knowing UUtSKle publlc by 8portin* « ring,just bee» loosened
as do their fair financées. Indeed the
happy pair exchange gold circlets then and at the altar.

sugar, stick four cloves in ths top and hake in a deep pie plate, with a little water.
Apple Pot Pie.—Line a pot with paste ; put In a layer of sliced apples and some sugar, then another layer of apples and sugar, until the pot is full. Pour in a little water ; cover the top with paste, leaving an opening in the center to allow the steam to escape. Cook over a slow fire, or, if preferred, bake in the oven. Eat with cream or a soft pudding sauce.
Jimmy—I'd have six pennies and he'd
my


seven
longevity and strength
A BIT OF ROMANCE.
FARM SENSE
COMMON TO ALL.
Teas—She and Mr. Gabbie appear to be talking very animatedly. They have something in common apparently.
Jess—Yes, they're discussing the weather.
He, tentatively—What would you say
¦
She, thoughtfully,—What would I
He, hopefully,—Yes, dearest.
She—I would say—I would say—
He, eagerly,—Yes, dear. Go on. Go

Rt member
my boy, said Uncle
Apple Fritters.—Cut peeled apples James, as he gave Bobby a coin, that Into slices about a quarter of an inch M you take care of the pennies the thick. Remove the core from the cen- pounds will take care of themselves, ter of each slice, then dip in batter, Bobby looked a little dubious. 1 coating thoroughly. A good proper. do take care °* the pennies, he replied, tion for the hatter is one cup sweet but as soon as they get to be pounds milk to two cups flour, one heaping P* takea cttre of 'em.	18 business than from lack of money.
teaspoon baking powder, two egg,	_____ %	knows he does . thing,
.Tr.rrxr Jfc.	ES -
plenty of sweet lard.	J in the kitchen just now, Mnryf
Mary, complacently: Oi hope so, ma’am, for thin Oi can call yes as r witness in a case av bra i ch-av-pr omise suit, ma’am.

Don't you love the country when tbo trees begin to leaf, and all Nature takes on the freshness and full-fed flavour of the juicy earth, Mr. Cod-man Î
up and carried
by the pure water I have taken my system, either in eating the diet of
!.. H	Me.sre, P.U.»| Z™ " ""°"»'	""
Virag who some little while ago discovered a system of very rapid tele-1 of water I did under the old graphy, are now said to have invented of eating
away
into

un-
Well, I—I—why, yes, Miss Gushly. I think so.
And all animate things come forward so full of joy and sprightly life.
1 don t drink one-fourth the amount
re likely, other things being equal, to achieve success than
'•LI
system
Now, at the age of fifty-
a system, by which 60,000 words per two, I am enjoying perfect health. I
hour can be transmitted, and, what am just aa active and just as aupple I	Co<,mao ” lh“ disking, sk ipping,
Sg^ggggss	'bleating lambs, fur instance? Don’t
you dote on it ?
Apple Batter.—Beat one large cup tweet milk into a pint of sifted flour, add one aaltspoon salt, and the yolks of three eggs. Beat this mixture until light, then fold in the whites of the eggs beaten to a stiff froth. Pour half the mixture into a low buttered pudding dish and set in the oven until firm, then nearly fill the dish with sliced apples that have been cooked until done but not broken. Sprinkle with sugar and flavor with nutmeg. Over the apples pour the remainder of the hatter and bake in a slow oven. Serve with hard sauce.
Apple Pudding.—Peel mud chop six ¦our apples, add six ounces each of grated bread crumbs, sugar, currants, citron and butter, the white and yolk separately of one egg. Flavor with cinnsa"'* end nutmeg. Boil three

he who works at haphazard without a I this knowledge.


I
If, for instance, more dairymen, rea-, ,	, _	.	. . _
is more wonderful, printed in ordin-l** at the age of twenty-five.
ary characters on a slip of sensitised Since knowing of my own personal

limed better the possibilities of the their pocket books would
Algernon:	You moat not think. If, however, in addition, they knew paper at the recei,in« end- The slip experience theae remarkable blessings
deareet, that because you are rich end why the corn in the silo is better °°mee out ol the receiving instrument from eating raw food I have made it lam poor I am trying to marry you than whan etanked not only would reedy to ** *ununed on to a form tor my misaion '•<« to endeavor, with on account of your money.	pocket book, grow stouter, but they de'iTer*;	what	and ener«y 1 P«8ess, to
Genevieve; Whoee are you e/ter- should rewive » goodly dividend of ^^a'° LoDdon hotfel «wsabush- convert Jbe world into my practice.
bn the tables la the writing-rooms, test.

1 do, indeed, Miss Gushly. If the lamb is well done, and the



peas are
fresh, and the mint sauce about right, I know of noth.ng I dote on


more.

A. H. Selling, of New York, and H. 0. Smith, of Mexico, are at Ottawa in connection with a scheme for utilizing the water power on the Ottawa near Tetreauville.
removed and another put in. Pens in I «Nment. Anything that is good cook- Husband: Anything you want in
S3r££KE	r ïs m,•*
claimed that a potato penwiper is ther0* eDJO> 7<mr ™ells to0re than you Wife? We have plenty left ; hut 1 GRADING MILK IN DENMARK i best preservative against rust and ever dl<1 b||tore. Almost any diseas» wish you would stop at a registry ok
They are trying to., t tie the gua-ISÏT ^ °“ *	* rëwlooÏL	ma a “‘^^g -mg
T.	s The farmer's family should learn
git was very rude of yon to to find enjoyment in the little things Ewy morning a large potato is put As to what kind of raw foods you yawn while we were making that call, | of life* in the walk* about the farm, & compartment of the pen-box,and eat [t dopsn't make much difference
¦ Mr. C : Well, good gracious 1 I had I ^	°* tke growing crops, in after twenty-four hours the potato is unless suffering from some especial
to open my mouth some time I	I *Ee Gower garden. Some o-ne has said
" There is more salvation in a garden .	of flowers than in a , cathedral of
1 be little Grand Duchess Olga of | stained windows."
Russia is the richest baby in
world. The week she wu* born £1,-
OOO.OtO was invested for her.
Mrs. 0. :
the

/
-
v


###PAGE###4###





yf. Howard,
THE EQUITY.
Public Notice.
W 1
The annual meeting of t hr Pontine Agricultural Society No. 1, will he held in the Town llall, Slmw ville on Wednesday the lllth i list, at 2. p. in., for the purpose of electing a new board of Directors for 1901.
E. GRAHAM.
Sec. -Treat*.
im
SHAWVILLE, DEC. 1:1, 1900.
AGENT FOR
Fed. Life Assurance Co.,
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . . .
»


JOHN YOUNG,
l‘resident.

EDITORIAL NOTES.
Of Hamilton, Ont,,


Conley Church
Organs, Pianos
J^tsmssttswsssl and Sewing Machines.
, J. R. Horner, the undersigned Secretary	---_	_	, I
likely to croate surprise in the minds of Treasurer of the aforesaid Municipality ; Office and Residence opposite Dr. Lyons.
A*. ¦Uoff.ther .1	---------------
aiSSSSS IMPORTANT | Robes
this added to the weight of influence next, 1901, at ten o’clock in the forenoon,	TO	l^rvofa
which he could command through his | ^ nae Cou n c i lion! ofTl 'e sahi tMunicirmlit>\ I u/\p Q A ICTDC	’
wealth and his extensive business opera- ; pursuant to the provisions of the Munich	eiwWl ilMIObiiWi
b.,k,d u, b, ,h,	«.d »'j jt?1»™” .fc'T	Æ Ma SERVICE KuSS.
eistance of several rich lumber concerns, Hynes and (ï. Fred llodgins, retiring	"	y *¥É"*	TY1 1 j
made him a particularly hard man to j ‘“""vlnThi* 11th day of December one Improved Cheater White Hug. Took | JDi&DKGtS, down. Pad Mr. Brab&z m stood on the thousand nlxe*hundrcd.	flrat prizes at Shawville and Beachhurg
«ma level ~,o far a, the foregoing ee-;	' " UOBNER. See.Treaa. Exhibition, thtoyearjoe, #1.00.
•entials to success are concerned—the i	_ _ _	LI. T. McDUXVKLL,
PubllC NOtiCe. 1	Clarendon
Public Notice.
Not Surprising.
— — ,	I Province of Quebec,
The result of the election for tho Leg ; Municipality of Shaw ville.
iilature of this province when all the circumstances arc taken into account is not
The Season for
HEAD-QUAI{TEI)S FOR
STOVES
____
held at the town "hall in the «aid Municipality, on
Harness,
Collars,
Bells,
Whips,
y
Is now In !
Cutters,
Sleighs,
Sloops,
DALE BROS.
SHAWVILLE,
Are prepared to supply the public with Stoves of all kinds at lowest possible prices.
Washers, Wringers, Churns,
Sewing Machines,
tight would at least have had about it the
feature of equality, notwithstanding that , rrovinc(> of qllobec the advantages politically wore all with | Municipality of Clarendon, the Liberal candidate from the positive assurance to hand that the Parent Gov
FOR SERVICE.
Pnblle notice is hereby given that a pub lie meeting of the proprietors of real estate and resident householders of t he
eminent would be sustained. But the | nicipality of Clarendon will he held in the
town hall in the village of Shaw ville on Mondav the 14th day of t he month of Jan strategic pointa while the battle waged, I nary, 1901, at the hour of ten in the morn
bia petition b.ing much .bin to «... -,	SiZ°	_
General Duller at the battle of Colensu, | mas Macfarlane and Thomas Prendergast, I	,,	, n« *	•* a
Beqro., whose term of office has expired. t roes Thoroughbred Chester W bite and
Given at Shawville this 11th day of Do | Berkshire hog for service, tine, lengthy
animal. Pee, fifty cents.
Apply to-
CEORGE CATER.
Shawville.
A Thoroughbred Yorkshire Hog, bred Mu I by A. W. Ross, of Douglas. Fee, $1.00.
Apply to -
JAMES ARMSTRONG.
Green Luke.
Axes, &c.
Shovels,
PONTIAC
Conservative candidate held none of the
FOR SERVICE.
WOOLLEN
while he lacked the big guns and ex haustleas resources of that veteran lead-1 comber, 1900.
SMART & SMITH.
U. MATHESON, Scc.-Trens.
er. Mr. Brabazon had only local men of limited means to stand by him in the fight, and they performed that duty nobly till the last shot was fired. Every one of these men recognized the many and varied difficulties that stood in the way of success, but they relied much to a serious consideration of the issues at stake, and the guidance of principle accomplishing the great end in view—home represents
(ion. Except in a few praise worthy in-1 SHAWVILLE],
stances, the county has disappointed them by deciding otherwise, although there exists room for the gravest doubt that the decision so given was fair, unbiassed or uninfluenced. Nevertheless,
MILLS.
CEO. HYNES,
FOR SERVICE.
0
This well-known and reliable establishment will bo found this season fully prepared as usual to meet the requirements of the farmers of the county.
Purebred Berkshire Hog. Took 1st prize at Shawville Exhibition this year.
Apply to—
ALEX. BEAN,
Portage Hoad
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
- • QUE.
S3
sw
QHfjlSTMAS GIFTS
THAT MAKE THE HEART CLAD
FOR SERVICE.

!
m
p
Pure bred registered Berkshire Hog for service. Fee one dollar,
Apply to K. BROWNLEE,
Shawville.

Our stock of Cloth
Including nil the finest uinkes in
A large, well selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit nil classes.
FOR SERVICE.
SERGES, TWEEDS WORSTEDS &c. &c.
5/
IN UNDERTAKING
White Yorkshire Hog year old ; took first prizes at Shawville exhibition this year and last. Fee 7") cents. Apply to ROBT. WILSON,
Clarendon.
Frank*-one
this pronouncement of the people stand?, and be it prejudiced or otherwise to the interests of the county, there is no get ting over the fact that the people of Pontiac have thrown away the last opportun ity they may have for some time of choos- j ~ ing a representative from among them- j selves—no matter what the nature of his • politics. The situation seems humiliating, but the people have made their choice and there is no help for it.
W\
I also keep n complete stock of funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
}
m
is what you want to present to your friends. A useful present is always appreciated by the recipient. We have a magnificent stock of—
a, A' V
t
i \
„v
FOR SERVICE.
}
* .
will he found choice and complete in every respect, and at money-saving prices.
A CAREFUL INSPECTToy xivviTED.
4y
4
Fee-
Thoroughbred Yorkshire Hog.
$1.00 fur 1 sow, or $2.00 for three sows. Apply to SAM L KNOX,
Lot 1, 0th Con. Clarendon.
U.
THE MARKETS.
C
Fine Perfumes Albums,
Photo Frames,
Albums,
Xmas Cards and Calendars,
Books, Booklets, &c.
I

SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 70 to 75c. Oats per bushel, 00 to 24c. Pease per bushel, 00 to 57c. Eggs, per dozen, 15c Rutter, per pound, 17 to 18e. Wool, per pound, 10 to 18c. Pelts,each, 00 to 75c.
Turkeys, 8 to H.^cts.
Geese, 5 to 5&cts.
Chickens, 5 to 5kts.
Ducks, toTcts.
Pork, 5J to diets.
A. HODCINS,
PROROPRIETOR
FOR SERVICE.

n.nlr.n
njiuj
Purebred Berkshire for service. Fee, one dollar. Apply to
ALEX. H. KILGOUR,
7th Range Clarendon.
The Provincial Contest.
FALL
Come Early !
With two constituencies in which voting is yet to take place, the new Legisla tive Astcmbly, as the result of Friday's polling, stands 7 Conservatives to 65 Liberal?, Such a result is the natural outcome of the conditions. The Government had the benefit of Mr. Mirchand's fair administrative rcord ; it had the advantages that follow the possession of power; It had organization and money, and the help that came from association with the men who achieved the parlia roantary victory of November 7. The Opposition was almost helpless. Taken by surprise, it became stampeded. It had no organization, no funds and no hope. The lack of funds was probably its worst handicap. Most people know that a fund has become recognized as a necessity to a party, even to get candidates in the field. Men deemed worthy of sitting in the Legislature look to a central organization for the mean* to carry on their campaign, even to provide the deposit with the returning officer that, if their candidature is justifiable I And justified, will be promptly returned I
Probably eight out of ten of j the orators who take part in the public j meetings expect to be and are paid their ; -expenses if not a fee in addition. The j average canvasser does not work except j for a daily wage, and the average com-1 mitteeman and scrutineer is like him I For all this, “ the party " is expected to , pay. It usually has paid, sometimes with money honorably obtained from men who think public interests will best be servod by the political organization I they] have associated themselves with, I
Make your selections before the last day. You will be better served and it will also give us a better chance to please you.
FOR SERVICE.

GOODS I
Thoroughbred Yorkshire Hog, Davis Champion (No. 3773), bred by .1. K. lire-thour, of Burfonl, Ont. Took 1st at Toronto and 2nd at Ottawa in 1899. Fee—one
WM. HODGIXS,
Portage du Port.
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
THE DRUG STORE
dollar.
OTTAWA
!
Rutter, print, 24c. per lb.
“ pails, 19 to 23c. per lb. Eggs, fresh, 23c. per doz. Potatoes, 40 to 45c. per Img. Apples, 45 to 75c. per bag. Lamb, 7 to 9c. per lb.
Mutton, 0 to8c. per Ib.
Beef, 31 to 51c. per lb.
Pork. $6.50 to «*! 75 per 100. Chickens, 35 to 55c. a pair. Oats, 28 to 30c. per bushel.
Hay, $9.00 to $11.00 per ton. Wool, 14 to 17c. per lb.
Stray Cow.
F
Our customers will find us well stocked up with a good
. . line of . .
Strayed on to the premises of tlie undersigned a red vow. The owner van have her by pense»
We are Agents for
The Winchester
r proving property and paying ex JOSEPH BROWNLEE,
Park man.
SEASONABLE-GOODS
u
WOOD WANTED.
,	of all kinds for
RIfl@* Fall & Winter Trade


The undersigned is prepared to receive tenders for 1UU cords of stove wood (soft and hard.) Also 25 cords of cord wood. Wood to l>e delivered any time during the winter.
' 38 - 5 5
BALLARD & MARLIN
% »
and a comparison of prices
Winchester loaded Shot Shells, 16,12 and | will show that we are iu it
with the best of them for good values and satisfactory dealing.
CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
GEORGE CATER. P. S. For Sale, Cheap. 4U0 lb. hog and 2 second-hand single sleigh».
%
Government parties. One of these wa In 1696, when, without a great organiza tion or patriotic fund, Mr. Mercier swept the province. The other was in 1892 when Mr. DeBoucherville, as hardly off
as regards money, destroyed Mr. Mer-1 Tenders will be received by the School cier’a abused power forever. It is easy to Commissioners, addressed to the School think that the Conservatives are stronger Sec. Treasurer of Shawville, up to 10 11 in the Province than in the Legislature, o’clock on Saturday the 15th hist., for 15
« -	»•* “ T
shown a little more spirit they would j feet lon^ç and stpliL suitAble for u«e. Cash have been stronger in the Legislature than | 0n delivery-they are. That phase of the situation aside, as a matter of past history, however, It is the duty of the representatives

10 Gauge, slightly discolored, at SI.50 per hundred.
IV|cDOUCALL and GUINEAS Hardware Stores,
Sussez and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
r
WOOD TENDERS.


SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE’S CORNERS.
H. LANG, Sec. Ticas.
Shawville, Dec. 3, 1U0U,
Agents, Why Don’t Ton Seri for a Free Prospectus
»liül
WANTED
FRESH and CURED
put their hearts into the task.—Montreal Gazette,
MEATS
fund at the command of the Conservative leaders half of the constituencies went by default. Conservative candidates, where they presented themselves, did so expecting to pay and paying generally out of their own pockets the cost of their contests. Their party has reason to be proud of the men who, in the circumstances, took up the burden of the fray. Whether they succeeded or not they did honor to their cause. It is due to their action—self-sacrificing, often—that there will, in the new Legislature, be an Opposition, fairly able, though small in numbers, to maintain criticism of what may be wrong in the Government’s policy or c induct and keep up the traditions of a party that, with many faults and mistakes, Lüin Canada made the greatest record for high public purpose and achieved tional ends. Their success, though it is, will be sn inspiration to their party when the next election is to be fought, because it shows that when men of courage and character enter the field, they do not need to depend on either a central committee or central fund, or what often lies behind the latter There have been two contesta in this provint)#’# recent history in proof that inch men. under favorable conditions, can triempb ever the best organised end best supplied
A number of Teams to haul supplies on Kippewa for W. J. Connelly.
Apply to J AS. ARMSTRONG,
(Green Lake), Shaw ville.
of Canada’s Sosa on Kopje ano Veldt ( It in the latest book out. An agent just reports 51 males in 8 days, another 26 in 4 day a. Big Book, sumptuously illustrated, and is so cheap it sells on sight.
Send for a FREE PROSPECTUS before you sleep, and make money easy and quick.
HER MAJESTY'S HEALTH.
It is said to be Causing much
Anxiety.
New York, Dec. 8.—Much anxiety
srssfisrarrrar»
low) despatch from W indeor. She has of Clarendon Township, being Lot No. 3. broken down noticeably einco the was In on the 3rd range thereof, and containing formed that the Empress Frederick was one hundred acres (more or Jess) of good suffering from eancer of the throat »nd
could not Iiye many months. She has The soil consista of sandy loam with some lost her appetite and passes sleepless clay and clay loam,and the premises nights. A belief undoubtedly prevails excellently watered. On the farmm among those around her that the Queen erected a good log house, suitable size and
" -	ëæsiSÈSsmïïS
in readiness to move to Osborne on the for storage of hay or grain.
20tb, the arrangements may bo counter- This farm which is well adapted for mended at tho last moment. Every- stock purposes, is situated 4 miles from
jssfÆttK SS&?5£SS «*
ing to Cimiez is the wildest speculation. 0r half cash down, with balance in yearly It is unsafe to prophesy her movement# pay mente at 6 per cent interest. For fur or condition a week ahead.”	ther particulars apply to the owner.
The papers in London assert that the	J T* CALDWELL,
Queen is is io her usual health, bit the above are the true fast#
of all kinds at
Desirable Property
for Sale.
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
e *
The Bradley-Garretson Co., Limited,
BRANTFORD, ONT.
I
ProDrietor.
are
I
are
.303 Calibre.
na
a- 1
limited



Savage Magazine Rifle.
, and The
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
sad #*#** rlf• trer wade	#me rifle tab*# rim different cartridge»,
Peiet Blank Ram## for Hinting.
T
Tie Oil) Huilerie» Meta Wlrter.
Massey. Ont. er C. CALDWELL,
Maw nil#
MCI» OO-! rnOA, », !.. r. ». AMJMC*

X.


u4iu - üwi 1 i

j

J
z





/


###PAGE###5###




MJ
/
;

THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
Ho. 276.
I
I.O.F
A LETTER
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUJ1LISHKD EV1RY TH VMM 1>A Y
AT 8H AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
8UB8CRIPTIQN ~$1.00 A YEAH IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages o paid, unless by special arrangement with ubllsher.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
m
Meets the 4th Wednes day of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Booms.
FROM ..
L.B.C
• •
A. SMILEY, Prop.
X. A. Cowan, U R
H. R. Baknktt, K.B
SANTA ? GLAUS !
J. W. K A DAM, C. R
0
ADVERTISING HATCH :
Legal advertising, eight rente per Hue for first Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Dun In eFH cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at 11.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cent* per line for drat Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertion*.
Commercial advertising by the mouth or for longer periods Inserted at low rales, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices nub-1 lahed free of charge. Obituary poetry tb cents per line.
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
84 Nepean St, Ottawa, Ont.,
Lumber cf All Kinds Bongbt and Sold.
FOR
Frost Town, Dec. 10, 1900
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
CommUslon Business s Specialty.
SLEIGHS,
CUTTERS,
ROBES,
BLANKETS,
HARNESS,
WHIPS, BELLS, &c:,
Mit. G. F. Hoduins,
Dear Sir
Allow me to inform you that I will make my regular visit to Shaw ville on Xmas Eve. and I take pleasure in intimating that you have been appointed Commander-in-Chief for the distribution of the immense stock of Dolls, Games and Toys which I have sent
Kindly show all the dear little boys and girls through these goods and allow them to select anything which may suit their infantile fancy. All are welcome. Hoping to see all the ladies and children at your store,
I am, sir,
Yours sincerely,
SANTA CLAUS.
ree
lUrKRERCKH BT PEBMIWIOW :
Denis Murphy, Pres. Ottvwa Transportation Co K. W Avery., Hull Lumber Co.
Khlrrlfr, K II. Eddy Co.
Latcbfoid & McDougall, Barrister*.
John Henry & Sons.
UN. Hate k Son.
JOB PRINTING
J. T
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN S^ITH. Proprietor.
s
Business Cards.
you
MEDICAL.
F.M.A.McNaughtoq,BA.,M.D.,C.M.
The spot for—
A Fashionable Hair Cvt Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
Graduate op McGill University,*
Office—Residence of the Into Dr. H. H Knox, Shawville.
Office hours Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
CALL AT
CT Your Turn next.
: SMILEY’S.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
I

1
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Owes AMD Rbsidsxcs : J. H Ahmstbowo's House,
SHAWVILLE.
and
JEWELLER
MAIN8TRHKT
MM
XIBP8
A SRLECT STOCK OF
WATCHES,
CLOCKS.
JEWKLLHBT.
silvfhwarp.
6c. Ac.
LEGAL
Farmers !
«
1
BODEBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L. L
I
The reputation of this Store for always carrying in stock at this season the latest Novelties in Christmas Goods is still maintained and
. e e fully endorsed. e • •
We wish you a Merry Xmas and Happy New Year. We thank you for past favors, and solicit your present ^orders. Many returns.

We can pay you highest market price (in cash) for your wheat any time you fetch it along.
We can do your gristing and give you best satisfaction in returns, and flour which will enable you to carry off prizes in bread competition at the county fair every time.
We can sell you at lowest prices Flour, Grain,
Meals, Bran, Shorts and Feed.
FULL STOCK ALWAYS ON HAND.

ADVOCATE . . BRYSON will visit Shawville evert Moxpat

%
A Km IAL1TT
1

WM. GAMBLE,
SHAWVILLE. Q
BARRISTER, dfco.,
Room 26, Trust Building. No. 4S Sparks
St., Ottawa. Ont.
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office-over G. F. Hodglna* Store, Main Rt
District and Country.
The announcement that Mr. Martin tm been elected in East Queen’s, P.E.I., ~ adds another to the Conservative etiength in the House of Commons and reduces * tho number of the Oovemoient’s in that province to two. Sir Louts Davies has
1 in his ifton in
O
CEO. C. WRIGHT
G. F. HODGINS.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C ,
OK THK PRO VIN CK OF Ql'fSKC,
Phone No. 1173
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO.
ru
been handled almost aa mu, particular province as was Mr Manitoba.
v.icct-. Ottawa.
• r
. Arthur Weir, poet, üIsmi/ writer and tinaucia. critic, for the past tire mouths night editor of the Ottawa morning Citizen, commited suicide at about 5,20
o’clock on Saturday night by shooting hiimelf through the head. The act was most deliberate, the revolver being placed at the forehead immediately between the eyes, the bullet entering the brain and coming out at the base of the skull. D.-ath was instantaneous. Business worry coupled with financial difliculties, are the icasons assigned for the rush act.
%
Canada Utofe »,.]Jg GRAHAM
Furniture Dealer HOLIDAYS !:	sn4 Undertaker ...
Barge and Crew Loat
W. W. IRELAND,
Cleveland, Ohio, Dec. 0.—A special to the Plain Dealer from Erie, Pa., says :
“ In the midst of one of the most bitter gales that ever swept Lake Erie, the iron ore barge, Charles Foster, in tow of the Iron Duke, went to the bottom at 4 o’clock this morning, ten miles off Erie, and eight persons were drowned, as follows :
Two bro hers, Camille and David Auger j Capt. John Bridge, of Cleveland ; first who live at Hull, left a >me days ago on » I mate, name unknown ; Seaman Kobt. hunting trip to Meaches Like. David r. • I Woods ; Wm. Kelly, of Port Austin, turned to Hull last week and relates the Mich.: cook, Mrs. May, of Detroit; and story of a Terrible accident in which he two unknown deck hands.
•oyihe shot his brother, perhaps mortally The Foster was one of the fleet of wounding him. They had been hunting .lames Corrigan, of Cleveland, and for together, but separated, so as to make twumonths had been running from Duluth sure of their gtuie when David, seeing a j to Erie with iron ore. Her cargo con-deer, tired. The shot took effec1, the ball | elated of I,‘>00 tons of iron ore passing through the deer's neck mud lodging in the abdomen of Caiuile, who was in the path of the animal. He is npw said to be in a precarious condition.
ï
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Peer!* Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satis factorlly.
CHRISTMAS and NEW YEAR....
QUE
SHAWVILLE
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
NOT tRY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND SAVINGS CO., OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON E.OT TERM*.
QUE.
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
SUCCESSOR TO
NOTARY PURLÎ
SINGLE FARE.
Going December 21st: 22nd, 23rd, 24th and 25th. Returning until Dec. 26th.
Going Dec. 29th, 30th, 31st and Jan. 1st, Returning until Jan. 2nd.
FARE AND ONE THIRD.
Going Dec. 21st, 22ml, 23rd. 24th and 25th, Returning until Dec. 27th.
Going Dec. 28th, 29th, 30th, 31st, and Jan. 1st, Returning until Jan. 3rd.
CUTHBERTSON, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT,
Main Street - (Opposite G. F. Hodgins’) - Shawville.
BRYSON

A first-class stock of Furniture of all kinds now on hand, including some special bargains in Lounges and Parlor Suites.
UNDERTAKING CALLS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
IILIFK OF THE 8UPERI0R COURT flbawvlll# . Que., respectfully «oMcita enraiements for any business In connection with all Courts In ths County. Collections msdesndp-ompireturnsassured
B
!
FIANCEE GOT INSURANCE.
Affianced Bride of Canadian Killed at Paardeberg gets ? 1,000.
For Commercial Travellers, Teachers returnin
merits w
For nil information apply nearest agent
J. J. TURNER,
g for the holidays special arrange ill be made.
William Hebden, a young Englishman, was drowned In Lake Nipiaimg on Wed-
¦IM--------------------------------------------sr.,,.
•EHEEH7EH
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
Pontiac. Males conducted In a business-11 ke and satisfactory manner. Goods or articles of any kind taken and disposed of by public or private sale on reasonable terms. Public sales conducted at Shawville once a month. A variety of articles always on band for sale: Office : Shawville, <j,uc.
The Result of the Election in Pontiac.
J. E. WALSH,
Asst. Gen. Pass. Agent
MAJORITIES.
'J
Polls
UK A BAZOV. MURRAY
B
B
52
68
10
HOTELS
42
4 »
3
St. Lawrence Hall,
28
>•>
oU
do
50
\
til
ro
Bristol No 1... do No 2... do No 3.,. Clarendon No 1
No 2 No 3
V
m9
« W
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietrees.
. G7
12
oh
19
cover is
an excellent picture of the Rev. D. C.
Uoasack, M. A., L. L B. editor. There is also an illuitrote article on the work of Rev. Wm. Meikle, who has been stated pastor of Cooke's Church Toronto, during Negro Gambler has two Hundred	j the vacancy ; also on Rev. A.	B. Win-
Bullets put Through his Body	| cheater, minister-elect of Knox	Church,
Buckingham, Nov. 30.—A moat deter-1	____ Toronto ; on Rev. A. J. McLeod late | Calumet Island No 1
mined suicide took place last week, when ji#ko	, Nov. 28.—Spencer ! Principal of the Regina Industrial School
an elderly man named Coliite, who had Williams a negro gambler, was shot to j The number contains an excellent repro nnmnmr	I**»» residing	with	Mr. Phillip	Gareau,	iecet D^r this city yesterday by a mob.	duction of the central figures	of those
PA	I	In	I	told the	fsmily	he	WM	80ing	to	Back* I Williams, who recently arrived here	about the Moderator's desk at	the His
mu lull la ingham. A few hours later a passerby	from peneacola, last night shot and	|torial Moment when the Covenant of	Litchfield	Nos 1,	2, and 3
found the old man’s hat and coat hung	dangerously wounded City Marshall	|	Union was signed uniting the two Scott*	Mansfield------¦
on a stick which he had placed In the	Strange and William Strickland, a bust-	!ieh churches The news of the churches	Fort Coulooge
J road near a small lake. Suspicion being	ne8e man 0f ^his city. Marshall was at-	j exceptionally well arranged, and of the	Waltham........
aroused the man got some of the residents	tempting to arrest the negro. As soon	I	advertising pages the most interesting is	Chapeau........
and going to the lake soon found the old a# the newaof the ahooting became known j the full page illustration showing the mills Allumette Inland No 1 man s remains with a 15-lb stone inaide Wizens formed a posse and overtook an(1 Toronto and Montreal warehouses of J	do	No 2
his shirt bosom aud another large one In Willis»» this morning in a swamp. WÜ-1 The Consolidated Pulp & Paper Company j Chichester the back. The deceased had lately been	was literally shot to pieces. Fully
somewhat low and despondent, but not ; 2(gj bullet holes were found in his body,
¦uflicently to indicate auicidal intent	¦	¦¦
53
82
9
------	some means got separated from his foot.
Good Accommodation. T.Ole and Bur.l- Further ielrch irai made and Hebden', W»j’s wen luinianea.
First-class Livery Attached
96
do
49
47
d<
79

43
body was recovered
SHOT TO PIECES
do
49
118
28
Shawville , P. D. Fort Bryson....
90
A Determined Suicide
?
21
55

* e
17
33
1«
ESTABLISHED 1886.
f.
30
No 1
The Shawville
do
«0
97
22
Thorne No 1
75
4
do
SA8H and BOOK
• #
50
Leslie
148
102
6
96
20
—ALL KINDS Of—
:t4
14
• • t t
41
34

Iiterior & Eiterior
15
19
4

26
81
55
FINISH FOR
HonsesSt Verandahs
92
iff
68
22
Limited
Sheen ..................
Des Joachims............
Aldficld................
Alleyn & Cawood.........
Duhamel, Guigues, &c Majority for Gillies, 496
23
MANUr ACTUM»
23
6
20
12
which was brought into town and placed j Kipling to Write of Pussy's Purr in front of the court house gate, where it was surrounded all the afternoon by a crowd.
BOOKS, SA9H, NKW1L POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBBIt, AC. Ac,
Kept in stock and «a ie to order.
IJUURK DRE8SJED AT FOFÜLARPRIOÏS
28
3f
11
%
Daring Robbers in Vancouver
One of Kipling’s new Stories which he is now writing for The Lad ies Rome Journal, will tell 44 How Pussy Got Her Purr
Ju*t So

Vancouver, 13. C , Dec. 7.—A gang of
ES ÜË! mil mmm
Allowed bv law having expired the coroner considers that hit suspicion* killed at Sturgeon Falls on Tuesday even despises the " twaddle which fille so	. M II
Ratepayers are hereby notified and r# death may bava something to do with the ing of hit week. He wseon his way to many books intended for their entertain-	watching a football game in San
qaeetf f to pay their school tax to the tan footpads. Ha has ordered a post mortem the station to taka the Soo express for ment,and keeps far away from it in every- ? rancieco turn» ' hr n f . r i I build-derelgnsd without delav, as funds art axamination. All the rohbertee have been Bon field, bat stopping on A aide track to thing he doee with his pen ; eonseqneotly ,l;f% tb* roof fell in and over thirty pro needed w meet sun»* ' * w*LAWQ aommitted in daylight or early in the adjust some parosla was struck by * train hie stories interest men and wemeo »a pi* vera kdUd and hundisdi wne injur
•ee^Treaa. svealng.	backing down and cut to pieces.	well as delight children.	*d
McCREDIE & HODGINS
In the same humorous
\
Tea deer hunters have been killed*, twelve wounded and one missing sinew the season opened in Michigan.
Brakeman Msrrm, of Allandale, Ont., was killed by filling in front of moving cars at Severn Bridge, Ont.
John McDisrmid, bridge foreman, warn killed and two other workmen injured by. a train on tka Crow a Neat Past lino, near Blairmore.
stsi famished.
Es
ry
The time
B&*#v*e, Oél. m, 1##.
k
1

###PAGE###6###


1




I
<
BlSIiBfi!-
*«'' thing, nor can the, be, u ,0Ur I ^	1 d> Vd brin« “ to »>«>'.
own kith un«l kiu.	1IN	K tti hsr, wea of course,
However, 1 had to look m, trouble	' 1 ou*ht lo have a6“‘ it
in the face and stand up to it as a	IU,<1 “ot l4Uceu the risk of
me an	answer in man should, and I suppose t bits kept	fo”hner •ronnd there with it at all;	I A	queer ator, comes	to light show-
ooi nie t il	T* ,>0roh at Charing Crms.	You will me from brooding over my loss i8	hul 118 * matter of fact I didn't think	inff	“shot that prevented
=: r rn:nr::s ^	=‘ srs r -j" rjn % m sk
Us nival, sprang on	to his shoulder to	"(iood-«night.”	* IOOUtl' ful Uapeetu, booked for	Xl 1	16 11 lf 1 vou,<1 «et it, a	' oel’	hfiad °* the great	tin ms to firm;
crouch t hire, watching the three uivu	Wtvi* Premie nr i it .	i , K h"' >,a,s amuüg the islands, where	Uvvk i;llni • 1,1 the evening, and of	ha,i	t>eou murdered in	his office in
through the curling smoke drift with room. Dr. Nikola l„‘ another cigar and	toJnm to water copra, to u^rao I put it at such an hour th.t J«*»“nesburg.
its green, blinking, fiendish eyes.	turned his attentions to Mr n,,t.	balance*, and to lay the """ d be after dark, and of course 1 he story whioh first reached Eng-
Dr. Nikola smiled aa he noticed the "Six month* airo Mi in,,, r i ""udatiou of the strange sdventurea knew that even so, when i got there I
effect the animal had upon hu guests, found for you a situation as ‘lutin' to ,'r ' / T g°'ng lo teU >ou "hunt in 1 1	1 here w“
!‘Now *,1»“ WB *et to hue,usas f" he tiv young Marquis of Beckenham You
*4‘ih bn,,kKlï- ,	,	.	,	"till hold it, 1 suppose»"
lüc others almost simultaneously (j ) „
knocked the talma off then cigars and *«|,	^ ,
brought themselves to attention	' U
Ntkola a dsuiny, languid
eu to drop from him like a oloak, lus
eyes brightened, aud his voice, when
he spoke, was clean cut as chiselled silver.


M * *ie ^an Who Knows. 1
WWWHF Ui WWW-
CAUSE Of TRANSVAAL WAR[11
I
admitted at the trial-cost • great UNKNOWN FACTS RE- many lives and a great tnël v mil« CARDING THE CONFLICT.
lions."
I\
I
t
"But what was (ho piati”
The War Une te a Mel-Boers la (reded "«Simply to get rid of iki^fer and ,e °T,rl,«r»w Oeni Pa «IN iiavrreiuca I hi» reactionary gang, and better
“.T.;; “	'¦»'¦* men in power. Two very well-known
Ihmr 1 aider»—one since dead and one still fighting—were to be the figureheads of it, Init the real motive power
was to be supplied by the outlaudei millionaires.
"The idea
sSSSKS E~~-==:
ef smoke luxuriously through hi» deli- |y, you will deliver catciy chiselled nostrils
t

r
at half-past two prvciae-
*
Ilia
i
a revolu-
wandered round the
t
I
r
world
w«s just tu seize thi President and half a dozen of his principe adherents, take possession of the Government buildings and the arsenal, an<l arm about 1Ü.00U men, who all ready.
H
C
1
1
1
r
were
The whole business would have been done in a few hours, and there would hive been very littl# shooting."
o
represented that a stranger any neighbors visiting, I n*n¥Ht Von Veldtheiro obtained
audience of Mr. Joel, and demanded It was just a simple, plain house, ^^00 as the price of certain infor-halfl W1' l^uit any curlycues of jimcracks uuiion about nn alleged revolutionary
rel	about it,	and standing back from the	P1'* * that oui Mr. Joel's refusing thial	W<11, a Provisional government
went	ut>	,Vtid' luaJhe thirty or forty feet ; it	request the visitor drew a revolver	WOultl h:l™ he,vn foruietl- the Volks-
Great	Barrier	Reef	to in a	place not very far out that	afld *hot him dead, subsequently at-	raad (tLisolved and an elect ion held
my I Somerset—the	pearling	station that I	htt<i l**u	all farming, but was grow-	tempting- to commit suicide. Many	'*n prop<‘r constitutional forai.
JL ,	Witb him had K51 come into existence ou Cape in* UV "ow with the houses of people rl«taiU in this account
t
an

I’d wait
t
After my time expired
served my Trading Com piny
the inudbanks of the Pacific, I the lads father, well | turned to Australia and
and 1 had
t
'And afterward V*
on
«
o
Dr.
disposed towards you?'* "In every way beat' to ingratiate myself
rhat wm^mÊÊÊÊËmËtm
e
msida the
m.iunvr iceiu-
t
have done
rhs
country Boers would lia vs known nothing about the revolution till it
cl
weru inaor.UF
ata
was
new-fangled laws I The woman herself let me in,when I Van Veldtheim was arrested and I a11 OVAr’ and llwn they would hare rnguiute the marling trade! 1 ,,ulled !he lwl1- 1 imagined when l| ^i#d on the charge of murder. The avx'ept®d *-*»' situation, knowing that
tjyir own ineu were at the head of
t
h
^ va*	Dut 1 was not certain (that
that you would
1 ou are doubtless anxious to be in loi uied why 1 summoned you from
all paru of the globe to meet me here T “ uu}thiu»f 1-k
vxhen 1 l ist met him hr must still i
a difficult person to deal with
thi| boy hk»' you?”
now
n
succeed. If the old [had come
what he was
into force ; days when a was lheje Ix'fore that she
the evidence of Harold Strange, local_
nun oould do almost us he liked u,llT l*r»n living there. 1 knew it ^ of Kama to, who hud been in the affaire* and tbere was no danger of LX. ,HIU0Ug the ^'inds ‘n those seas. 1 n<*w the minute I got inside the door. rooia whmn tbe fatal shot was fired, th*ir ^dependence.
>e5l<lun 1 know how other folk liked it, Nl>t because she let *», m, of course; b(kre out the story of attempt ed black- “Besides, Uhmo wtmi<1 bt‘ nothing foi l»ut the life just suited me—so much ^e'd have dona that anyhow; but I Bw^' followed by murder.	thorn to fight about, unless it was loy.
lhat xsh, D ^meraet proved in- C-U1 lel1 an empty houoe, for instance, But the jury declined to aire wehzht ^ Kruger, and he wa.s by ni <unv,niant and the settlement shifted tka *“““<* 1 get inside of it, and I to Mr. Strange's testimony and .,c- ""*** gpenerâlljr poyilttr '«<it*ss to 1 huraday, 1 went with it, ^ «eiise it. whether there's many quitted the prisoner after a nominal Coh*SI°n amon* the tioers, except ande Whlt wa* loore fo the Mint, with or few, or only one in a bouse.	deliberation of four minute*. The ™ Ui* lloint ot hostility to Rnglaud.
money enough at my hack to fit my-	NIB LIVED ALUNK.	verdict was received with tumultuous wW°* h** UDiU‘l tht,m iû lhfl Prwnl
^ ou have done very well, fu]j crt>w »h V ^	r 1,1 !	^ be parlor w here she took me I huslasm by the audience in court*
. 1 am pleased with you. on my own account ***** ‘ ^	I when sited «Lut the front door, was ei>d ^ on Veldtheim was subsequently
•I.	l	_	a rijeln Bios I've seen lota of. Square ,mro °f a P»vular ovation	in the	"Then they have	ne	stomach	foi
>n	tnuct.	room, Brussels carpet, haircloth fur-l<*mdt8*	fighting, anyhow.	It	was	the	for-
1 beg you pardon, Bournemouth. I	--- j nit un», cylinder etuve and all that, However, he was rearrested on the eigners who did all tha fighting of
Hia Grace owns a house near Bourne- mTTTjl nnmrnrm	nTrnnT ir	k,Mroaene lamp °n the shelf, with no	minor char«y of blackmail, and when	U*	vvar,	and	mure	than	oaoe
mouth which ho occupies during the I 1 üüi UÈllulljJ	flUiluLAlh	I Kbe<le ou U* 80 lhat 1 could see her	thl* char<PB :i,*> failed of proof and	H<*rs deserts	their	foreign	allie
iiiTi.m r moot lie.”	__ plain—I thought of it, afterward that waA wifhdrawn, ho was expelled from	f*ve of the enemy
It was as*-	Nery wpjl~lben to-morrow morn- THE MOST CURIOUS	OF HIS MANY **yb* *he left the «bade off so she the Transvaal as
ware drawing inspiration for l"**,	WlU go back to Bournemouth STRANGE EXPERIENCES	could set) toe» and--you understand il pBrâ0° H
•urne deadly mischief from the uu- ‘“A < vn,muo to ingratiate yourself	- hadn’t seen her at all before; I was MEANING OF THE MURDER
canny beast.	|	*,hvr and “n- J™ will al.o	th, rin.r. ..*	actually looking at bar now for the All this puasM English
r* s.2 ; s— <« 22 "Msrt:	x r^XT,:;: rrt
fur the muât	importent	business	for	°l'“' avvar‘‘tbat his draire h is its 1 uever committed	bigamy," said	it her by that ; but here she was now	Iloer Government / !, ", ", °
wh.eh	1 have	ever required your help.	®our®e 111 you—but do not fail to foster ^«retired burglar.-'but	1 had a chance	"here I could look at her (air and	tried him h I it lie J<sjlg* "ho
(Three .lo» .irokea down the centre o( “ 8,1 >'ou <*¦- l will cmmuuuate to «>»«»• A singular sort of peri- square.	a.àlt h ^ ,	a strong I,ne
Hill EiiEiiiil ilpd^EË
55m §#### @m# K
tone.	>'ou* thought fit to baulk Dr. Nikola V* \ w *	„.	V 1<l,Dt° her dress at her throat, where gm with," said this informant. "The
W" rang the bell and ordered hj bed , h ?“ ,	there folks wear such things, but she did- charge of murdaf WM .imply non- A CLEAR UNDERSTANDING.
This duty dise barged, he placed el 5 hL t a TJ ,enOUeh’ somebo<1ï n * She set ‘t up on the shelf against sense. Von Veldt helm went to the One of the beat repartees <ra record tell you, you will be able to gather a thv cat baek iu ils pnaon, shut the lid	f. , th ' k • accounted to	me be wall and left it standing there, office on Mr. Joel's Invitation. If he	Is that of Foot»,	the	actor.	Dining
great deal and imagine the rest. To d,'fic,,,lde<1 with the basket to the hall*	( *su, ^ * L™pluetiS of 'he house'	I hhe » banked me for bringing it back had been bent on bUokm.iil it would	with acme friends,	a	heated	dispute
begin with, there us a man living in and callvd a hansom. When he had her tnthi ‘v “tural eiu,ugh for Snd	to P»y me for my trouble have boon the easiest thing in the aroae between himself and a young
this world to-day who has done me a clti6ed the at,ron' lhe porter inquired that ry u*. ! WM.the ^an and and att that and than she began to world to .put faim off for an hour or nobleman. The latter sought to dis-gruat and lasting injury. What that Ito what address he should order the |eft	® C* ™r wh8t there waa l8lk to me about myself aud to sort two, or even to give him a cheque parage Foote by asking him what his
You .cabman to drive. Dr. Nikola did nut "‘What eort of a nielnr	° ..TnpBtkise with ™e-	and *®P it by telephone before he father
would not understand if 1 told you. **»lr tor a moment, then he said, as I asked her All this talki.L" J k a ‘ , thoUefct 1 ulust ^ dr‘T®n into had got outside the office."	" A tradesman." said Foote.
So we'll leave that out of the question.	be6U th'nk ng e°m«tbing out: forth going on. you und.rsUnd across	^ f	^	"V**' dU ** 80	***"'"	‘'Then' sir- IV* a pity be did not
tie is immensely rich, tiis cheque for the Green Sailor public-house, Fast	the room with her in h~i ’a	^ hotne> 00 bUoe to go, and I * 'My own belief is that he was sent	make you one."
£cW,OUO would be honoured by his bank I *°dla *)ock *<<,ad-"	atandimr rio-ht ih h 8n<	didn't let on to her that I'd got the for by Joel because It was suspected
------------------=
dvscriptlou, and occupation, a a they Lu K a W	lght °U and 1 thou«ht «he wouldn't take any more
¦ey in the Police Gazette. Richard tiat- M * ° T" T'	83 ahv interest in me after that, either. So
EH! PI HEP EMI
r---.%%rr-.-2	3F1 ,,uwr 11
"tint, remember, I demand from “!	? my back-	'	°f
you1 your whole and entire labour f , ‘g shaluc tv mo lf 1 were not While you are serving me you are ao' e‘roDg- «onsidering the free, open-mine body and aoul. 1 know you are devil-may-<,arti life I've led. Why, I eervmg me you are mine body and d“‘ng mao a work at an age when
h- - - SÏÆS 22X2
era. Id been half round before I
was
man
v
to-night i And u ia wry natural you eliould be.
v
But then, from what you knuw of me, you should not be surprised at anything Ido.”
Ilia voice gradually dropped imo iia old tone ui gentle languor. He drew in a great breath of smoke and then »eut it slowly out from his lips His eyes were half closed, and

T hope mo.”
Have you brought me his.photograph as l directed f”
"l have. Here it is.”
Baxter took a photograph from his
pocket and handed it across the table < 1 ood
Cl
bark
There wai
f
t
r
again
be drummed with on a linger on ihe ». table edge. The cat looked throagb , the «woke at the three mvu, and it , lu'“‘,rrow| morn™<t you will go Wk eve wed to them that he grew evtirj *r hirt mew ut target
Presently his owner took him from Ins
h
BOERrt ARE POOR FIGHTERS
Ba x t vt
n
ti

tud more leroeious
a
the
h
perch, and seating bun on hta knee fell to stroking his iur, from head to tail, XN h his long sbm lingers if he
« 10
u.
04
'There was a case in point not |on| before Kruger left the Transvaal. \ German officer was in command of about seventy-five mon, along with a Boer commando.
"an undesirable
si
ti
readers

IL
"At the first British shell that burst In their lines the Boers turned tail, and the Herman officer, infuriated. told his men to face round and fin on them.
to
*
U
fc
1 hey killed nine and
K
wounded ot liera. h**ard of it he remarked^ that it served them right for not standing firm and putting more f*•**¦*•' x~'oe Lord.'
“W«.'li laoWHTd the ting- of Joel fcneak uip the plot ?"
“The men
When Mr. Krugei
In
ft
ter
B]
tiruwnlow, but Brown low
m
at
who were financing it took fright thinking Von Veldt helm had given the game away, and then
hi
tt
bi
V
hi
place
w
rn
OJ
h
f
m
tit
'1 .am not going to tell you much about it
very
But from what 1 <iu
Ï*
bill
Ml
?
tj
?
gl
te
eti
J
i
m
injury is is no concern of yours.
was.

qv
r
at

"A
1, pray, 1st me ask you what was your father, my lord f”
" My father, Mr. Foote, tleman."
in
Bfl
at any minute, power. Be has had reason to know * that 1 am pitting my wits against his, | and ha flatten himself that so far he has got the better of
loi
l
was a gen.
ne
ye
PLOT AGAINST KRUGER.
"Then, my lord, its a pity he didn't
a
That is
me
“Was there really a plot Î Of course I™**6 You one." tMre was, and a real good scheme, too, If it hud not been for Joel taking fright and blundering into ar affray with Van Veldtheim, the plot would have succeeded, and there would never (have been any Boer
la
k
th
tlb
Messrs. Mackenzie and Mann, al Winnipeg state that 2,000 men will be engaged in the spring to build the remaining 140 miles of the South-• eastern Railway.
Lo
V*.
wi
gr
the way you three men have performed the parta I shall call
war
dr
ne
AN HONORABLE MEDICINE
W<
th
to
than 1 am now, and wasn’t that just as fair and square a Pioture was | offer as anybody could have»
" I sin’t much of a talker, but of
z z\ SHKw	-
your future husband, ia it not so» learned to here confidence in them me need by taking Dr. Chase’a Kid. 2%^.—:z she SœS
sont husband is when he's absent. I taken the lead as the greatest sell- for my nervousness. It strengthen________________	<V~”,cb "rftoine dealers handle,	ed my stomach	aid whole	system.
I and this enormous sale is entirely due	and I gained in	flesh. I	cannot
«truck the tail end of a I °* Baling it down for what there I Wel1, btt*e what's your name f ^ 1 downright merit which they i speak in ter ms of too great praise cyclone, it was thought, and went was in th« frame, he’d set the thing Shad rack Ncbuchadneszar Zoots.	I Dr	^Wney-Liver Pi Us and
down, lock, slock, and barrel, U.v- upon the top of hi, a.f. for a kZ\	*'* rou that name»	m	I ^‘dl^y Ui^TtZ	Z
vu	expected	to go	2*	i”*'* °n<>	lto	tel1	th#	tale.	of an ormouent,	and	that picture	wtia	,	1 dl>11 *	kn“'"r • bot ,f 1 ,lnd	°“t when «temach headache#, baekacbee, paies	mam, a great deal of good.	I have
Esstover rose, shook	hands	and	left	**	1	°"t	flthl'r and	mother	in the	j^t	»»	familiar	to	me	there,	on	the	IgeU	older'	*»"y for	it.	in the ahoaUdem amd limb., and de-	every oo.fWe.ee	1. reeommending
Arz	I	«usas	aas
thing.	y û,a<1 lf covcredi M far as I knew, that was the picture she was talking y°u some t,m® ago.	and irregular bowels are the cause this statement of his cure is
Nikola took another letter from his ^ ™7 fami,y in the world.	about, and the picture of her dead ,Johunni®~1 “y, father, what kind °f at ««^tenthn of human ills, | fectly correct
porket ..d turned to Prendergaat. A„y way you look at it. If. calc- husband. And when I come to ask her * ’	1 ** t0 *** *	ÎSmSTiSJ*'
ni«rht°cr^.î0p?°Wn. t0 Dover t0- 'ated to g1ve W » tarn; at fifteen «boot the picture I found that that ght, crom «. Pan. to-morrow morn- years of age. to know that ther.'a ,.t j wee praoiaeiy what it was.
That Appeals to the Beet Judgment of the Beet People and Gets Right Down at Cause of Disease Is BR. CHASE’S KIDREY-LIVER PILLS.
mi
til
an
fu
I says, and she says:
It was a daguerreotype, set
th
ra
So
at;
trustworthy. I proof that
w<
you
arc — pardon tho expression — unscrupulous, and 1
flatter myself you are silent. What is more, I shall tell you nothing bejond what ia
tib
the world
lwas fifteen, and had been wrecked twice and murooned
He sat down again and took a ,taper V*** thc beat huaband to my mother, from his pocket. Having perused it \inB Ulpir short married life, that . .
he turned to Eaatover.	j 807 xv°man °°uld possibly have desired. Il>iclure in lt* * d seen standing on the
"You will leave at once—that m	pa	P<>0r sou1,	died of fever in	the	LuI> of 6	in tbe hack room of a
to say, by the boat on Wednesday- for	“dlpp,ne- tbti	year I was born,	and	f 6,106 in tbe	citJ- He’d bought it of
Sydney. Too will bank yoor pwmeo	C	*rDf to tbti	h°ttom in the schooner	tbe majl tbat	stole, and the chap with
to-morrow morning Jtlxmt thing god	•	f° TroT*	a degree west of	the	lbe chinners	had happened to catch
Join her In Plrmemth Yen will	L-np Islands, within six months of her I his fancy» somehow, and so instead
u [ decease ;
ob
SOI
once be-
an
on
wa-
tri
si* I
an
to
ra

oom-
ptx
an

UM


tel
lai
.'I*
m<l to-morrow evening at » add re## I
will «end yon, and receive yoor final instruction#.
we
vn
Good-night."
to
Seeing that he
y
bcc
wa
not
i m
per
The chances are that yoor neight
eu i

Kk<
organ# a#
There are eight field British Army.
rabais in th#
r

I J ; /
, I
X
/I ^

###PAGE###7###



/
/

hnvw thought that this mtmtoment of
our method, with the reason* for It
whlcdi wo thought good thon, might
.servo am food for reflection and
.study by no mo of our readers, even to suggesting Imtter . plans to t hoir minds.
IRRIGATE 400,000 ACRES
All Japan teas are colored
*
PeMclee Hey Chenue, Opinions May Cliente, bat one thief that never ebengee. the#
Ih the qualify of
f
i
On the Farm
SALUA


A
LAND IN ALBKRTA WILL BE MADE MUCH MORE FRUITFUL
—Mr. as he great

COMPOSTING MANURE.
tlvr Nerk in ||„ I nr Ifni In OIUoIhI »f il»'- ll iiar. mem of I hr Inferior units* lAiNilirymg liilelllgruee of I'rt.grnu of
i hr i etiMlrr.
• For several years we followed the practice of making a compost heap of the manure made on the farm in winter, and we thought It profitable to do so, writes Mr. M. F. Ames. We made a heap from 10 to 12 feet wide at the base and tapering to a point at from four to five foot high, and the heap was as long as wts could make. There wna a layer of dried muck or of sods and earth dug up along the hedgerows that previous Occupants hod thrown up by ploughing around the field. Then the manure went In, trying t<i mix it jn lay-era so as to Include that from horses, cattle, sheep, swine and poultry, and the contents of vaults and cesspools were put near the middle of the heap. Leaves and other material that needed to bo rotted, if they b»d not all been used as bedding for some of the animals, also went In, and the
ooarse bedding was also kept well toward the centre.
Then this decomposed, and in so doing heat enough would be created to destroy moat of the seeds Inside the heap, while those on the outside germinated and were killed by the subsequent handlings. If any ammonia was found escaping from the heap it warn covered anew with earth, until :vs were ready to begin at the end the heap and work it over, taking care bo put all unrotted material or
frozen lumps well into the centre of the heap again.
As a result, we had a pile of well-rotted compost fitted to spread and borrow into the surface for corn and market garden crop* where we thought it would do roost good, or to put hi the hill or drill for squashes, melons, peas and such other crops as we thought it would help meet k that way. It was fine, of nearly uniform strength, and plant roots could and did feed upon it from the starting of the first crop often until the harvesting at a second crop.
We have said wo thought it paid to do this. Our different manures used were so various a quality t(hat we could not well have decided which would be the best for a certain crop, even if we had not to plan for more than one crop on the same ground. We were obliged to hire help by the year to assist in caring for the stock and in milking, and much gl JLb'a work was done when uieiKmd te itiH-OoUlti do lit tic else.
If we kept i.-vkse varied stock, and used bedding less freely, and if we bed been obliged to hire extra help to do the work, we might not have been so sure that the composting was profitable, nor would we It our crops had been less varied In character. If vm had been trying to make a permanent meadow of grass and clover, or a permanent pasture we might have been content to pivugn in the manure so that it would have decomposed in the soil, but we had little trouble with our catch of grass or grain when we put down a field after it had been a fowl years cultivated in this way.	%
And we were not so anxious for
mil
CEYLON T HI A., it al way* remain* tbi boat
DEVELOPING TIIK DAIRY CALF.
The culf destined tor the dairy should never be fed a ration which will make it put on fat. If the fleshgrowing habit is acquired by I he young growing animal, it is retained n(terward and the animal is Injured for dairy purposes. F. W. Hod son recommends to remove the calf from its dam am soon as dropped and to put In a separate pen, where it must be thoroughly rubbed dry with a
cloth
clean the calf, but he considers it doubtful If any good U served thereby and in the case of a heifer with her first calf, the longer the calf in left with her the more troublesome she is likely to be, especially as regards holding up her milk.
Teaching the calf to drink is not a troublesome process when it Is removal early from the dam. Always give the calf the oo last rum or first milk and let it have the dam's milk for a week. Feed frequently and in small quantities, never more than 2 qts. per feed. Feed the milk at a temperature of from 90 to 98 degrees. At the end of the week, begin to substitute skim-milk. There is no better substitute for the butter fat removed in hkimtning the milk than flaxseed or linseed meal. Take a quart of flaxseed, soak for five or six hours in 6 or 8 qts. of water and boil for an (hour. Give half a teacupful of this jelly at each feed and increase as the calf grows.
An English dairy farmer gives the
In Lee* Packet» 36, 30, 40, 60 and OOo
CEYLON GREEN TEA
is pure and uncolored
Mr. William Pearce, of the Depart-Kieut of I hr Interior, who has been in
and e t ter low» i one [uro.
jwer
udei
Al tor ta for some time putt, returned to Ottawa recently. ;Mr. Pearce, in conversation, said that he was present When
Let h bridge by the Canadian NorthWest Irrigation Company, and had
al»Ho gone over nearly all the irriga- last two years. The demand is tion system which he had not hit h- mostly for heavy draught and good erto visite 1. Roughly «peiking, the drivers. The former are worth $126 system, with extensions, will irri- to $150, and the latter from $60 to
$126. Good saddle horse# are worth Southern AI barLa, east of Ht. Mary’s about the an rue as drivers, river, and south of the Belly river, The crops throughout Alberts were including the neighborhood of Leth- fairly goo 1, Mr. Pearce said, and had bridge. Nearly all this land was of not August and (September been un-the highest quality, and will sup;» 1 y usually stormy, the crop return from an immense quantity of forage, Alberta would have been a record
Already a steady stream breaker. Even as it was, the oat crop
for each meal, which is made into a IKirridge with water and added to 1 qt. of sweet milk in which a pinch of salt is put. The grain is gradually increased each week. As regards this ration it may be said that skim-milk could well be substituted as
Poultry, Butter, Eggs and other Produce,
If you have any correspond with us. We want 100 OARLOADS
to bupply our tr ade.
The Dawson Commission Co , Limited, Toronto.
water was brought into
A CHOICE OK TERMS.
Hero's another man who got away with some money that didn’t belong to him, said the yomng woman who was reading the paper.
How much, inquired Miss Cayenne*
It doesn't state.
That’s too bad; I wanted to determine whether he U a plain thief, a misguided embezzler or a bold financier.
thi
H i n
more economical than new milk, and also that the feeding of corn meal and ground buckwheat would have a
tendency te induce flesh-forming ] g about 400,000 acres of land in habits in the animal
Home prefer to let the cow
the
nali y e re mid and ttl#
•• EKUT If* I OKLiKT."
Ladies of Canada ;
The bond of union between the mother country and her colonie* is strong
colonies have always been loyal. I gram, etc.
Patriotic Cunuli in ladies, while they	of immigration was setting in to	had turned out wonderfully well,	the
^t°1 Mr Whl“ cZnlnts “In0"”	war,le	U,ifl ,0,;tlu“ ot colLntrï' und	™,ly doubt .1 brat it belutf whether	the
substantial way. Ceylon and India	during	tine past season two settle-	grain b dry enough to ke«pafter	the
produce the fin os t Green teas. Drink-	merits	of considerable size were es-	bot wo i'her seta in next spring. This
w of Japan teas should try them. I tablMied on the hanks of the irriga Monsoon, Ha la da and Blue Ribbon packets are known to all.—Colonist.
in time of necessity the
ent
FOR OVKR FIFTY YEARS
ka-
MRfl WINSLOWS HOOTHi NO SYRUP has iiwd br mot tiers fur their children teething. It soot nid. softens the gums, »ilsj«p*Jn. cores mod wo eUie heelremedy for diarrhoea, 28c» bottle, by 1 druggists tnreughoot the world. Be sore »nd for "Mr# Winslow's Soothing tiynip
1
eld
the ob
rhi
no-
vas
does not ap>ply to the whole country, but to a Urge portion of It. A considerable quant U y of barley of fair quality bad been grown, and there was u goo I local demand for malting
The quantity of wheat
He who compos Injustice is eve?
wretched than he wbe
ive
tlon cabal one at Mag rath and th< other at (Sterling hud boon mnatly from the United Statm, but some of the settlers had
ia(
made more -offers it.—Plato
Iho emigration
01
PERSONAL POINTERS.
o|
é&Â
come from Eastern Canada.
Mr. Pearce paid a visit to Ed mon
purposes
grown was large, bait not much of it was firet-clues; there would, however, be a.good ideal of fair milling wheat
There had been an excel-
Interesting Note* A boni Meme of the
IVerldN «3real Pfojilf.
oi
?y-
two ton, which he nays is growing sa tie-bracelets on his left wrist. One con- factorily. Asked about gold dredging
tains a useful little watch, the oth- In ttoe Huekatchewan, he eaid that ow-
img to the high water this year, and
there had
The German Emperor wears
ni
This elgsatare le on every box ef the *enul«$
Laxative Brome-Quinine Table*,
ai
obtained.
lent crop of vegetables, end gencr ally, they had b Butter warn not produced in large quantities, owing to the scarcity of U* close of labor necessary to produce it, but the number oi cattle in t-hii country was increasing, and the butter imduMry would no doubt receive an impetus in the near future.
Pi
er is in the form of a gold cable The Queen rarely sends any tele- th® demand fog labor, grain» to any member of the Royal lw3,i practically no hard dredging Family, or to her intimate friend*, d(me	y&ir- The only dredge of
otherwise than in cipher, a system of, tiT,-v H^ze 011 ldver wn* Otter, figure ciphers having been carefully, ^di-ngtug to 'ht- Drolet Company, arranged for her and their use.	Thin dredge had been refitted with
The income of the Emperor of Hus-	and «nipioved machinery, made
sia for one day Is 45,WU ; Sultan of “l England, but owing to delay in CAUSED BY OVER-STUDY AND CLOSE Turkey, £3,(*HJ ; Emperor of Austria, getting the machinery over, the
CONFINEMENT.	£2,000; German Emperor, £1,000;' dred«« ^ not ready for work untw
King of Italy, £1,800; Queen Victoria,' Mlix,dlti of October, and after that
1 about all tine work she did was dredg-
d.
safely housed
en
To be proud ef learning Is the great# «et ignorance.—Jeremy Taylor.
nt
$1§0 Reward, $103.
The readers ef this parer will be pleeeed tf learn t bat tAere is at least one dreaded dieen# that eciesee ha* her- aWe to cure In ad lr« •lake* ae<l that i* Catarrh. HaiTw Catarrh (nreistke euly positive <urj new known te themedical fraternity. Otarrh being a tone titutienal disease. require* a oonetituticnal tre vinenf. Hall * Catarrh Core ie tak n internally, acting directly upon the b ocxi and mucous surfaces ef the ryetem, thereby troyiag the fouudatto » of the dleea-e, and giving the patient strength by building up the o. netftutien *ad wt-l-sUntt nature in doing lie work. The propriétés have so much <aith In he tmrative powers, that they eifer me Hundred Deliar# 1er any oan# that It fall* to cure. Send fer llet ef te-t
>1
Dizziness and Nansen
r-
>f
ie
o
DEPENDS ON CONDITIONS
I
Hew • Pepelur	leather He Erred- gU J ,300 ;
Aed Bow Acting en a 1‘rlendN Advice Hhe Tried Dr. William»' Pluk Pille aed
King of Belgium, £1,300; President of France, £1,000; President of the United States £25.
X
litplodimn tixy It** lle.rtl at tirent
IM*t mrc*.
That explosions can 1* heard and can prUluce an effect at a great distance is well known, hut precise statistics oil this point, have only lately been gathered. Taking into consideration the fact that much depends on the formation of the country and on the condition of the weather prevailing at the time it may be admitted that a cannon can be heard at a distance of twenty-five kilometres when the wind Is favorable, that thunder can be heard at a distance of more than twenty-five kilometres and that an explosion of dynamite oan be heard at a distance of thirty kilometres.
The explosion of a powder factory in Anvers suine \ e ir.s ag ) c • us <1 a > ©r-itabde earthqu:k«\ which was felt at a distance <jf more than thirty kilo-Hkrttres. The more recent explosion at St. Helen's between Liverpool and Manchester, was even more notable in this respect. The explosion took place in a factory of chlorate of potassium, an explosive material, of which eighty tons were destroyed. The explosion was beard at Alderley Edge, thirty-nine kilomètres from St. Helen’s, and at Murple, forty-five kilometres from that city. In many houses the windows were violently shaken, and near the seen4 of the catastrophe the ground was moved as by an earthquake.
From these and other facts scientists now conclude that under favorable conditions great explosions be felt at a distance <*f fifty kilometres, and they maintain that accurate knowledge on this point is moat desirable, since it will help to minimi»1 the danger that might otherwise result from pre-arranged explosions of dynamite or similar substances.
img a l>eith for herself for the win-No return» of the amount of gold dredged by her had bean made up to the tinne Mr. Pearce left, bu< it was not thought In Edmonton that the
1
1er
à
omleH.
F J. (TUSEY&CO., Toledo a
i Lae beet
The late Sims Reeves was once asked how he first came to sing with such splendid energy and expression his very popular bong " The Bay of Biscay.” He gave the interesting reply that it was in consequence of his own experience of a terrible storm during a sea-journey which he once made between St. Katherine’s Dock
"About the most thorough and popular teacher we have ever had here,” is the opinion expressed by the people of Qannan, N.S., of their pres-
7 driugh» «. 75c. Fâzaily Pi IF are
Sold b
Hall'»
I
1
Mutabi‘**y of temper and inconnus* tency with ourselves is the greatest wenkneas of human nature.—Addison#
eut young lady school teacher, Miss Nellie Out tern. Muss Cuttcm is possessed of keen
Woman’s
Weakness
MfTMAi HtTCL DIRECTORY
intelligence and engagihg manners, ananas been peculiarly successful in her chose* profession. At
present ahe look, the picture of , In thejuatteFof handwriting it is h-lth.. and cm, observing her^l "fating to know that Mr. Michael coior a ni buoyant spirits, vould u;l v itt, who lost his right arm in a never think of associating her with milnufactory wham he was only ten aieknesa. It was, however, only last year, of age> writes a singularly dear autum. that «he was almost hopeless band, only distinguishable by its sup-of continuing ,n he. work on account eriority trom the ordinary writing of of her ill-health, and her condition j^pi, „bo have both hands but only was a source of alarm to her friends. USti the right for writing. Mr.
les, she said to an Acadian1 re- i ^ tenches his children to write with porter who called upon hor recently ^b the right and left hands, a eus-to learn the particulars at beri case, j invafiably followed In Japanese "I suppose it is a duty I owef to Dr. sclmois.
Willi,uni	Pink Pills, that I should
The “ Balmoral," Free Bus
* VENUE
pw <Uf.
and Newcastle-on-Tyne.
Prm reporte state that the Duke end Duchess of York will return te England from Australia via Canada.
A woman’s reproductive organs are in the most intense and continuous sympathy with her kidneys. The slight est disordering# kidneys brings about g cerresponding disease in the reproductive orgama. Dodd’s Kitlney Pills, by restoring the kidc<-ye to their perfect condltwh, prevent and cure those fearful die-erdern peculiar to women. Pale young girls, worn-out mothers, suffering wives and women enter tag the Change of Lite, best friend is
w. p. c. 105:;.
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
For all skin ailments.
J. C. Calvert 4 Co., Manchester, England
At a charming summer residence at
make public the wonders they worked Merges, on the Lake of Geneva, amid
for me, but perhaps I would not fir trees and vineyards, Paderewski
have thought of it if you bid not : lends a delightful life when making called.”
Music
Teachers
Wanted
Ts send for eus Complete Cota» lo,: ue of Sheet > u Jo and Boo.tt with Spacial rates ef discount.
upon
your
holiday and reciting from the strain
Dodd’s
Kidney
"You see, in addition to my tea ch-
aud excitement of the concert plat-ung, I had	studying very hard form>	broad acres of vineyards
over enj B work, and then I was attacked with whooping cough, which
WHALEY, R3YCE & Co.

more grass as for market crops, for we felt that wo could get forage quite as cheaply by growing oats,
hgyr^edirn stover froni sweet corn, not leave me for along time, and and corn fodder from drilled corn,
J
are the finest in the country round and at time of vintage the great musician may be seen any day superintending the grape-gatherers and tin- pre-
IBS Venge St. Toronto, Ont.
Pills
so I became pretty well run down. I was always considered the embodi-
DOUOLAS BROS.»
121 Adelaide St., Tojwwto
SLATE, TILE and METAL ROOFS
as we could to try to bring up a lot of old meadow and pasture that needed cultivation for a number of years before it could be made to ' nf a good crop of grass. tWe went over large fields to get but little hay, and thought it our least valuable crop, though it we hid remained and followed our system for a longer term wb should have greatly Increased the grass crop,
The manure made in summer and dropped in the yard was piled up nearly every day, and perhaps would have been every morning if the weather or u need of hurrying to get some other work done had not made 1A seem best to omit it some- i times. This was a good heap in the fall, and we thought it worth more (/ban if It had lain exposed to sun and rain in the yard during the summer. Sometimes this or the heap from the stables were increased by the green weeds dug in the garden, when we (thought they were too large or too abundant to be left there, for they sometimes did get the start of us and make a rank growth, as they do on the land of nearly every man who
ism to cultivate sides doing bis buying and gathering an almost daily harvest from May to November.
Sometimes we made another compost heap in the fall with all our summer manure or most of it, and used it for fall mown crops or for tepdreeaing the best of eur grass land where we thought it would do more good than on the poorest, which we intended t« break up and cultivate as fast as we could get around to it.
We hove detailed our practice not because we think it
limiuary preparation of the wine unmen t of health at home, but last 1 tij it ^ cajrneti 0ff in great butts on amount could be large, as she had autumn I was really alarmed over
onl
•swage Casings Sew importations flnrst l.ngiiih Hheep abd Aimncan Hoa C hu h reliable goods al .^ht Fkw. PARK, BLACK WKLLâ CO , Toruuto.
MILLS, MILLS 4 HALES
RarrUterf.etc.
Removed to Weeley Buildings, Ki' htno dbt. W , Toronto.
really only done a few days’ work
bullock-carts
Mrs. MacQueeny, better known as The Drolet Company, be said, is now schoolroom I wou Id be seised with Kate Livingstone, a oousin of the ce le- building at hdrnonton two large dizziness, and often I would faint
y
AH
my condition. Sometimes in the
LAW
bra ted Dr. Livingstone, has now en- dredges, the material and machinery tered upon her 104th year. She lives for which are being brought from at Salon, M 11. Though afflicted now England	I
with deafness, and her memory to a c*asa ^ evAry respect, and has been considerable extent gone, she is fair- made of extra strength, ly good health. Dr. Livingstone in-1 dredges are of the type which have variably, on visiting Mull, called to been ho wuccessfully operated in New
The company ex-
awuy. I would take vomiting turns
also, and had a feeling of nausea
and languor all the time. I lost my
color and became thin and pale, and
it seemed as if my blood had turned to water.
"This condition of things was mo different frofn anything which I had previously experienced that 1 sought medical advice at cm ce. I warn informed that I was suffering from anaemia, and i at once put myself under medical treatment. But although 1 tried several bottles of prescriptions, my condition seemed to be getting worse all the time. When I went home for my Christmas vacation, I was almost in despair was while I was at home, however, that my friends advised me to use Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills. Acting upon their advice, I took up their use. The first box made its effect felt, but I used four or five and them the cure was complete health has been excellent and I have felt my real old time self, and am able to attend to my duties, which are by no fatigue and languor that made the work irksome. You may depend upon it I will always have a friendly word to say for Dr. William»’ Pink Pills.’*
If yotir dealer does not keep these pills in stock, they will be sent post paid at
for |‘2.50, by addressing the Dr. Wil-
Th# machinery is first-
TORONTS CUTTING SCHOOL ¦!»
Yonge St.
Latest, np to-da*" reliable *y stems taught for grutl* mew e garment s. Terme moderate. V"r'f for Partie»
These
I'M K I NtO> J4« k
Catholic Prayer
Books, A wanes, Cru-olfuee, Soapulsre,
Church Ornament*
Zealand rivera pec te to have both dredgea oomplet-
which floats over Britain and all her
cokmiee iw eittblv-autic of the adage, "In union then- i» strength.” patriotic ladies of Canada can exemplify that adage, and indulge a patriotic sentiment, try assisting their English, Scotch and Irish ooue-
Governorship of Mad,us at the early Speaking of the prices of cattle, ^ de^Gre^s ol U-y ton® t^'lnd^ age of thirty-one, is probably the sheep, and homes in Alberta, Mr. Tea drinkers will find the Ulue Kib-youngest Governor of that dependency Pearce su id thx;y were very good, bon, Monsoon and Salada green teas on record but is nevertheless senior ! Beef was worth 63.50 per hundred-
see her or sent for her to visit him,
She still exhibits with pride a handsome silver brooch with her name in- 6d f lllA winter, und will commence
scribed on it, which the distinguished op®rati<ma on an extensive scale next
spring.
R*4iftauji Pkt.iroa, Statuary, sn-i K<iee»ti#n*l Works. Moll orders waive prompt atne,
tioe.	I A 4. SAOLIIR A 00., Montreal.
rhe
pm CORE A trisl of Ces s Positive
f\irv for Piles will be sent free ts any eddren* on rreetyl of two vent stamp. No knife, m# grew, solve. Address. THE Hl/TCMINO CD£{ MlûMli 1M OO., Torouto, UoL	1
traveller presented to her.
Lord Ampthill, who assumes the
LIVE STOCK PRICES.
v*oor> Photo f m i>m inc.
J I JOS LM M ( i
io aw : Aim y>::.mp.0Nra
a pleasant change from Japans.— Colonist.
< -
to his brother-in-law Lord Beauchamp weight off the ranch, and fcheep |3.60. who was appointed Governor of New	Meet of the heavy cattle went to
South Wales at twenty-six. In view !	Great Britain, but the light cattle and
of the very distinguished qualities of	all the sheep went to British Columbia father which were mure particu- bia, where there is a good de	1H
laxly manifested at the time when The supply of hogs, be said, is very ; you keep a girl.
Lord Beacons fie Id, pa id bis famous of-	limited, and prices rule high. Horses	Mrs. Peck—It’s	no	such think!	You
ficial visit to Berlin, where the first	are in good demand, and prices have	know	well	enough	I	can’t	get	a	girl
increased fully 100 per cent, in the ; I can keep
It
CARPET DYEINQ
Mid Cleaning. This is a specially with the
A MISSTATEMENT.
Mr. Peck—Before you married me, remember, you had to work and now
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEINQ OO.
Send particulars by post and we are sure to satisfy.
Box IAS, Montreal.
nd.
ifR
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
ny crops, bo-

Ever since then my
Lord Ampthill was then Ambassador, the new Governor’s career is watched with exceptional interest.
The enormous wealth of the late Marquis of Bute was the inspiration of his father’s enterprise. He, the father, had Hie courage to mortgage deeply the family estates in order to complete the building of large docks at a little town called Cardiff. People were tempted to call the docks Bute’s Folly. But they became Bute’s Fortune. They made Cardiff one of the richest and largest ports in the world a/nd they brought to the Bute family
a revenue that nrmeea might envy. Cardiff is grateful, and was proud to have Lord Bute as mayor in 1891— the first of a long line of mayoral peer a all over the country.
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL COMFORTING.
COCOA
up ligtht, without the
X5

l/Osfy *714/	/by	OMi/tLe/
G/iJirTi/	cftel/ I 1 & f A % w
WAX
d/ V	TH1 QÜHBN CITY OIL OO , Limited,
I Sami Rogers. Preat., Toronto
I Aat(ufl#okr(«lt
BREAKFAST SUPPER-
USB
FOR
cents a boa or six boxes

would be beat I W*™ Medicine Ox. Brockville, On*.
*>• - - *
not think it would be, but it waa the qtfl o( oorB meal, 2 qts. of ground beat we knew then, and we are not buckwheat, 4 qta. of wheat bran and
could do better now under two handfuls of linseed meal

JL A /

And we rulf receive» a heaping tablespoonful
sure we the name oircumstanoea

###PAGE###8###




\
r

Boots,
Rubbers,
Christmas
U know U
WANT A FALL SUIT.
Moccasins,
Overshoes and Felt Goods.
IS

Why wait until the rush is on ? See our new Fall Suitings. They are the latest out, and we give them a finishing touch that cannot help but please.
Place your fall order now with us.
Corning !
We are now ready with a new, full and well assorted stock of fall and winter Footwear, which we will sell at the lowest possible price. Call and inspect before you buy elsewhere.
and we extend to everyone
R Merry Christmas
j
A- R. %GUIRE,
¦m


J Chistmas Shopping
M.

THE TAILOR.
9
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAWVILLE,-------QUE.
I

to
I
i

through denee jungles. Their food and clothing were often scanty, and they were
Stray Cow.
THE WAR.
!
«S
As usual we have been making extensive preparations for the Holiday Trade and hope to satisfy our customers
I continually shot at by an invisible enemy. They acted according to the highest stall datcl of patriotism and made the army re-spt-cted and feared in S >yth Africa.
In conclusion (i iural Roberts said : 1 regard you, my gillaut comrades, with stffCtion and admirativn. You will live in my meimuy to my life’s end." tlouerai Hndri -R-well has tiled the
II
Strayed on to my premise* nbout 6th November, a red and white vow. Owner may have the same tiv paying expenses.
LKX SMILEY,
Radford P. 0.
(
ÜE
‘ i

2,500 BOERS SURROUNDED.
Heard in London that Viljoen and t Erasmus aro Closely Pressed.
X-Z
A
% %


Bristol Wharf
| London, D c 5.—A London news
agency puWwIns » deepatch from Pre- iKidquarU'ia uf the l'raiuva»] polieo furco
Arrive f «V lorl"' 8il>l"g lllat Nhtmg ha» been going lt Mi.d.leifcmleiu, where ihe dynamite m , o, | on for finir days at Hrotikhorat Spruu, fict,iry buildings will be used “ fU»ti, east of Pretoria; that Commandant N il*
s.'iiv j itml »asmu3 with L\f>0<) lb its, arv c.en U .berls, who has turned over his ;;	'k	;;;	surrounded	and that eight lLera	have	command to Ran. Kitchener, will embark
m	s	f j	been killed.	_	: i England on « steamei I will call at
At the War Oflice this despatch is	char	st. Helena, where t!en. Cronje and many	The undersigned	having	had	two	years'
m>-.’	acterized as	behted information regarding	ut|lvr	ara pri ou t* < f war lie is	e\porte me	in	ferrying passenger*	bet ween
ü	tssfc
Official Time Table :
PM.
Aylmer tBrevkenridge f Kant ley Parker's Crossing t* Mohrs Quyou Wyman’s tTank Bristol McKee's Shaw ville Clark’s
Campbell's Bay ?Tank Î Vinton Cou longe * Mellon’s Waltham
•Flag Station. tTank. 1‘Flag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
5.46 Leave
4 *
MW
as uai

6.12
FERRY
• 4
• I
#.18

44
4 4
Ghristmas
Groceries.
o
44
6.87
CHANCE OF TIME.
6.47
I «
6.56
S.58
h
I ê
44
8.08
7.04
44
I •
7.26
44
• I
7.46
44
*4
8.00
4 «
• 4
7.16 ! 7.00 I
8 06
tein, Nuv. .‘JO, although the statement j
that the B era wore surrounded is not One of tho Good Things this supported vtheuily.	|	Year.
Gen Knox in hot Fight.
si
• 4
Leave Bristol W^arf
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8.00 a.m., and 4.00, p.m.
S. 12
« 4
4 »
8.30
M
I
'
1.47
» •
K :tv Leave b.:>0
11
8.55 Arrive
Tl e new innnth'v, T «o Ladies' M, g v '.hv Cat.nd an Woman's nt w*p:ipv i —
it h the Chtisimsa
number, and already U.-, pn.inieed growth m strength and brightness is \ery a;>p;r* | Meeting all Trains.
• ivn. Knvx re e,,k.«g,.l D wet near T The Dumber number appear, i,
®saEass;:
¦H*
kil,ed.W tea other ,«l^r, were w,,„d.	bl:'"
and in price the cheapest, Christmas pub I test ions <.f the year—and a credit to Canadian journalism. Ten cents a copy.—
Thk High C. MacLean Company, Toronto.
Leave Sand Point
Valencia Raisins, California Raisins, Malaga Raisins, Cleaned Currants, Evap’d Apples,
»N mi1 vnkry • —<, j Prunes,
All through the Season. ^
As mÿ stock I* largo and well selected	® J
1 am ohle to suit all customers in and price, and 1 know it will he to your advantage to < all More you purchase elsewhere;
J É y -	--O-- *	¦
Thanking the ladies of Shawville and >\ir rounding country for their past favors.
Almonds, Walnuts, Peanuts, Lemon Peel, Citron Peel, Orange Peel, Chocolate. Carra way Candies, Wintergreen Candies, Pulverized Sugar, Apples,
Canned Goods.
Spices, &c.
zint
i - n its sr.
London, Deo *V — The W ar Olfue ha» received the Ld low in g from Lord Kitoh ener, dated Bloemfontein, December
h :
Every day (Sundays «
At 10.31 a.m , and 6.12, p.m.
t4‘d)
jo

P. w. RESSEMAN,
(i g N B R A L S V r KRIN T F X D E N T
I
C.EGRCE :i ALLAN TINE,
» 4
F? .
Kerrvman.
à >
He d
lay.
0ÏTAWÂ&GATINEAU RY
!)t)

ï'
Look out for

Fall and winter Time Table
BARGAINS
Taking effect Nov. "Jt, 1900
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa Nos. 1 and 2 daily except Sunday.
f y
. .4.0) p.m 10 25 a m

For tickets ami further Information apply to Central Chambers. Ottawa.
P. w. KESSENf.VN.
Gen’l Sup’t.
ed.
Thirteen men were killed and fifty-nine were wounded. Gen. Paget’s mounted men are pursuing the Baers.
A despatch from Cape Town reports Liana Botha has been raiding near Stan-derton, capturing cattle and stores. The British sent out a force which drove the Boers off, and recaptured the loot.
Gen. Delarey Attacks British Convoy.
1
Rf|rs. t. McWilliams.
i
KAMA!
I
i
/
60 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT Trains daily between ;
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
Public XTotice.

4
1

I
The taxpayers of the village of Shaw-ville are hereby notified that inasmuch as there arc numerous large bills coming due which must he provided for it is therefore expedient that nil taxes Ik* paid into the hands of the Secretary-Treasurer on or before the 15th day of Ileceuil»er. Given at Shaw ville this* 2Uth dav of November, 11HJ0.	J. ft. HOHNER,
See.-Treasurer.
'ATE NTS
London, Dec. 0.—The War Office has received a despatch from Lord Kitchener dated Bloemfontein, Dec. G, announcing Ob and after Oct. 14th uni until further advised I that Gen. Delarey, with 500 Boers, att a.- service will be as foll«ms ;	tacked a convoy proceeding from Pretoria
Trains leave Ottawa Ceutial Depot:- | to Rustenburg, atBuff’elspoert, December a 6.10 A. M.-Local—Stoi'# at all intermediate sta- 3 burned half the convoy and killed 15
,Vme- Arriv,“ MootTeal (,-1°*'m- Koekl,n'11 men and wounded 22, including Lieut.
Baker.
The Bojra soared considerable loss, some of them being killed with case shot at 50 yards.
Guns and assistance were sent from Uustenburg and Commando Nek and the Boers driven off.
The advices also say that General De Conner ta with trains for Portland and 1 Wet crossed the Caledon, December 5th,
Kmepmt Drif. mmk.ng fur Odend.l. AlUans. p'iiiington, etc. Arriving Boston 7 00a. Geueral «Knox was following him, the
•ng car* Ottawa to New yI^kthrough Bu,1V* | drift being held by a detachment of the
b.ic : V. :	.if—8topsstinterim»] iat • stations i<;uartl3 a,i^ t,ie river flooded.
A -nv-s Montreal lti.00p.ro. Connects at Coteau Junction for Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto. Chicago
Trade Marks Designs
rVfTV^ COPYRIGHTS &C.
Anvone «ending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an Invention la probably patentable. Communication» strictly confidential. Handbook on Patents sent free. Oldest agency for securing patenta.
Valent» taken through Munn A Co. receive iprcial notice, without charge, iu the
Christmas Presents.
Bran, h, llawkesbury Branch, Valley Held, connecta at Coteau Junction, for Cornwall and points west.
i>9.00 A.M . Limited, arrives Montreal 11 ‘2d a.m.. making close connections with I. C. Ry. Maritime Express for Quebec, Halifax, and all intermediate points east. Pullman Parlor Car attached.
I'#.00 A.M. Sundays only—Stops at intermediate stations. Arrives Montreal 11.00 a.m. Pullman Parlor Car atta< lied.
Albums,
¦
Games,
Frames,
Baskets,
i	'
Drums, Rattles Clocks,
Trumpets,
Tin Toys,
Carriages,	Cuff Boxes
Wool Toys, Work Boxes, Draw’g Slates,Perfume, Paint Boxes, Mirrors, Harmonicas, Sachet Bags,
Glove Boxes, Hdkf. Boxes
Cards,
Toy Books, Mugs,
Cups and Saucers, Marbles, Lamps, &c.
V
Scientific American.
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Largest rtr-culatton of any scientific Journal. Terms, f.'i a year; four months, f l. Sold by all newsdealers.
MUNN & Co.36,Broadway New York
Branch Office 625 F St. Washington L>. C.
>
I
n*|.’2© P. M., Limited—Stops Glen Robe reson, only. Arrives Montreal 6 40 p.m. Pullman Parlor Car att a- hed.
!i
I
I I RUBBERS


Vt v-v W'w -o-w VW-.-WVW V.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD


>

Being Killed by Kindness


etc.
To buy well, watch the latest price-; and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
w	Samples ?ree
I
)
SO r ,L. OTTER RAYS RE CANADIANS IN 1
ENGLAND.


•>
Train* arrive at Ottawa C.‘nanti Depot :
i.l 1.10 P.M. Local-from Boston, New York, New England and M mtreal at P.50 a. m. Has Pullman Parlor Car attached.
12.15 P. M. Limited—From Montreal and points ? ast, leaving Montreal at p.50 a.m. Has Pullman Parlor Car.
9.05 P. M. Local—Fnin Montreal, and intermediate points, Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, and «paints west. Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving Montreal at 5.50, p. m.
n 6.35 P; M. Limited—From Montreal leaving at 4.10 p.m; Has Pullman Parlor Car,
-----o—•
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot ;
8 15 A. M. For Arnprivr, Renfrew. Egan ville, Pembroke, Barry's Bay, Whitney. Canoe Lake, Parry Bound and intermediate points.
4.40 P M. For Arnprior, Renfrew, Eganville, Pembroke, Madawaska and intermediate station*.
1.00 p. M. Mixed Train for Arni.rior, Renfrew, Egan ville, Madawaska and intermediate stations.


rg


f A
London, Dec. 5. —The visiting member» of the Royal Canadian Regiment, piloted by the Duke of Argyll, Mr. Jos. Cham o ri in, Lord Lonsdale, the Duke of Ab-uiu-'en, Lord Lansdowne and others, visited the houses of parliament this morning. Mr. Chamberlain made an address, acknowledged the indebtedness of Great Britain to the colonial troops. The Canadian contingent was meet cordially \.cr coined in the House of Lords by Lord Lansdowne and the Duke of Aberdeen in brief speeches.
Col. Otter* in thanking the speakers, denied the allegations of bad treatment of the Canadians. He said the only complaint he and his men had to make, was that they were being killed by kindness.
My Gallant Comrades.


Anglican Prayer Books, Methodist Hymns, Presbyterian Hymns,
art* alv-fiv acceptable presents.
t.
will outwear
StaB W
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
two pairs of
Montreal end Toronto.
r
Ordinary Common Rubbers.

Search the World and you w ill find nothing better than
1
ii
StitBîroof



t
PATENTS
Jmitated by Even* Rubber Manufacturer and Dealer, but no imitation has our specially Manufactured Rope Canvas or Duck, the only fabric which can be thoroughly impregnated with the Para Gum.
When worn out have leather sole put on and use for a Plow Boot.
Ladies !
1
Be sure and see our stock of Silk Handkerchiefs and Ties. Just the thing for giving to your gentlemen friends for Xmas.
PROMPTLY SECURED
Write for our interesting books •• Inventor’s Help” and “ How you are swindled." Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and wc will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably, patentable. Rejected applications have often been successfully prosecuted \y us. We conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal, and Washington ; tnisqualifics us to prompt-, ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents, as broad as the invention. Highest references, furnished.	,
Patents procured through Marion & Ma-, rion receive special notice without charg< over too newspapers distributed through the Dominion.
Specialty Patent business of Manufacturers and Engineers
MARION & MARION
. Patent Experts and Solicitors.
/ New York UfeB'Id’r, nor,treol (Unices. J Atlantic Bldg,Washington D.C.


Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :
11.10 t M. From Madawaska, Pembroke, Egan* ville, Renfrew. Arnpriorand intermediate points.
6.55 P. M From Parry 8<"ind, Eganville, Renfrew, Arnpriorand intermediate points.
8.50 P M. Mixed Trains from Madawaska, Eganville, Renfrew, An,prior and intermediate stations.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFirna
I
1 Fancy Prices ! Everythin el Cem-Seese Prices.
THUS DIP ROBERTS ADDRESS THE BRITISH
ARMY.
ThcJ. D. KingCo., Limitée^ have
££ StaB'jH’
f
Johannesburg, Dec. (Uh.—Prior to leaving, Gen. Robert a issued a farewell order, praising the army for its conduct during the campaign. He referred to the sufferings and hardships of the troops, which, he said, were endured uncomplainingly. He added that they had marched enormous distances at incredible speed, over precipitous mountains and
*
Rubber.
Don’t buy unless the words
are stamped upon the sole of each Rubber ; all others are frauds upon the Public,
E. HODGINS & SON.

out
J
Central Depot, Bussell Dense Elect.


Tickets to Europe and at! part* of the world by all
American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook's toon.
a.	Trains run daily except Hunday,
b.	Sunday only, c, Dally,



(
1

(
1
\
/
1
