###PAGE###1###
Voi. XVI, No. 5
SHAW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC,
F Q., THURSDAY, JULY
21, 1898.
î
SUBSCRIPTION
fin• Dollar a Year in advance.
{>
“the EQUITY”
WANTED :
An active and reliable
Is issued from the office of Publication, this District, a first class British Fire Insurance Company. Address : “ Insurance,” Equity. Office.
j Have you tried Dowd s “High lv af" Flour ?
Mr. W. A. Hodgins has been re-elected chairman of the Shawville School Commissioners.
A large number of people ing at Norway B.iy, Bristol,which is becoming a most popular summer resort of late
i Mr B. D. Finnigan, commenced the erection of Ida new dwelling house on Pickanock at. last week.
Mr. H, Lothian, of Bristol Corners, has sold out his store business, opened last winter, to Mr. Watt Mayhew.
Only the best material used in the General Manager. manufacture of the Chatham (liant wag (Local) Manager, gon. For sale by A. Smiley, Shawville.
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS	,	.
TRANSACTED.	An analysis of the stomach of the late
Peter Blair, Carleton Place, who died suddenly a few days ago, has disclosed the fact that paris green had been taken in fatal quantities.
Are you using Dowd's FI
Binder Twine and Harvesting tools of all kinds.	J. H. Shaw.
was instantly killed.
Ho worked all last winter for the Itasca Lumber Co. in Jno. Chisholm's camp. 1 was never personally acquainted with urea ham», pork sausage;—we manu- Andy until he came here, but he appeared facture and sell at a very low prie*.	to be a steady young man.”
.1. (.. McGuire. 1 jt m;ty l,. stated that the deceased left The Chatham Giant Waggon, for sale home about thirteen years ago and for by A. Smiley, Shawville, leads all other B"me time past had not been in corn muni* makers. It carried off the only medal cation with his parents, so that the latter awarded for waggons at the World’s Col- i were not cognizant of his whereabouts
until the awfully tad nr • of his t'-rt :bly sudden death reached them through friends in Pembroke to whom it was transmitted.
ur
Shawville every Thursday.
Subscription, $1.00 per Annum.
BANK OF OTTAWA
are summer
—o *—
Advertising rates made known ou application.
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from all parts of the country.
Birth, Marriage anti Death Notices Inserted free; but obituary lines, or “poetry*' will be charged at the rate of 3 cents per line money toaccompAny the manuscript lu every case.
Ilcari Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,500,000.00 Host................$1,125 000.00
uinbian Fair, Chicago
Hoard of Directors :
Charles Magee, Esq., President George Hay, esq.,Vice-President
Hon. Geo. Drymon, Jp.
Alex. Fraser,
*
tJT The Shawville Marble and Granite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor, turns out a superior class of work in Monuments, Headstones, etc. Prices reason able
The remains were expected to reach Haley’s on the 5th Inst., but owing to some delay did not arrive there till the Photograph*. —Parties requiring pho- j 8th, when the funeral, which was largely tographs will please remember that Mr. j attended, took place.
Green, of Arnprior, will visit the Shaw- Mr. Leitch and family have the hearts ville gallery on Friday August 5th . First j f«lt sympathy of the community in the class work furnished at lowest prices. | tfreat burden of grief that has so suddenly
and unexpectedly been thrust upon them.
•John Mather, Kay. Dan 11» MaiLakln, H.-sy.
J. A. COWAN, rail idler
Demms Murphy, Esy
GEORGE DUHN U. M. FIN ME

Court Shawville,
No. 276.
(lOFl
f
Drafts issued on all Banking |xdnW United Ht,nten and Great Britain.
Notes and Bills collected.
Interest alluyved on Deposit Receipt at current rates.
Hums of ft ami upwards received 11 Savings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
Oftlce Honrs-10a. m. to.3p. m. Satmday 10am.
to 1 p. in.
m.
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially invited.
in the Domin-
ion
Dunrobin, July 18.-- Wellington Boucher, son of Mr. George Boucher, stepped on a nail five or six days ago. The wound did not appear dangerous, but blood poix soiling set in and death resulted.
Foresters’ Falls, July 18.—Mrs. James I The Rev. George Crombie, jr., of Fort F.. Brown has met with an unfortunate Ooulonge, will preach his farewell sermon accident. While she was milking, the at Leslie, D V. July 31st.
L.B.C
Dr. Low’s Pleasant Worm Syrup
Is the nicest and most effective remedy for worms of all kinds.- Never any trouble getting the children to take It.
THE WHEELMAN'S FRIEND
No bicylist ’should be without a bottle of Harvard’* Yellow Oil. It takes out h I the eMflroeNS and soreness of t he Joints and muscles. Relieves pain and takes down swelling in an instant. 25 cents.
H. H. Baknbtt, F S
J. A. Cowan, ILS
W. J. Kadks, C. R
Dr. J. E. TAGGART, L. D. S, D.D.S
ÿoaü and ffirocral.
The estate of the late Albert Monette are suing the Ottawa Electric Co., for the sum of $10,900, for the death of the plain tiffs son by being run oyer by the com pany’s cars while he was bicycling.
1

Corner of Hank and Wellington St reels,
$&T H]*eciHl attention given to appoint aient* made by mail.
J OTTAWA
Preserve Jars of all kinds, very cheap
J. U Shaw.
At the North Gower celebration on the
Mr. and Mrs. W
are
Twelfth the bandmaster of the Manotic I among those who are enjoying the cool brass band caused a little excitement by j shades at Green Lake. r« fusing to play party tunes such as “The
J. Liisignon. of Eardlev, crossed J. Delorme'* property for thirty one years without hindrance, and because they quarreled, the former suad the latter for trespass and had him fined $1.00 and costs,
__	_ _ Pork Ilams wanted in exchange for a
Ce C ¦ ST E W ART, firat-claes Japan Tea at J. G. McGuire's.
PHYSICIAN and SURGEON
(l.r.c.p. and s., KDIN.)
_ ,	„ .	,	.Mr. J. T Pattison gave The Equity a
Protestai. L,.y» when requested to do friendly call, while in town last WeJnes-so. He played patriotic airs instead, and
the brethren abided his decision.	' \'w	... »	», . ,	, c< ,
Messrs. W. Lang, Robert and Sumuel
Mr. J. B. Arnold, of Boston's Corners, Dale left for Indian Head N. VV. T. on has a Holstein cow which has beaten the | * uesday morning.
record so far as we know for milk. It is
*a thoroughbred Holstein, its name is Jemima, and it was three years old on the 5th of March In the month of June, thiily days, it gave 1,780 pounds of milk or 59 8.15 lbs per day. Jemima is due of a herd of twenty seven Holsteins. Mr.
Arnold owns a herd that is said to have no superior in Eastern Ontario,—Rideau Record.
Renfrew had a heavy fire on Monday of last week’ in which about $10,000 worth of property was destroyed. The principal losers, are carter,—who lost all his buildings with three g *ocl horses and a cow—and Mr.,
John Bridge, whose carriage woiks were destroyed. The tire had gained considerable headway before'it was detected. The water works system was found to work well, but defective hose caused several delays in successfully combatting the flames.
The Chelmsford correspondent of the Sudbury Mining News, says:—John McDonald, of Larch wood, farmer, who was on a hunting trip north of Larchwoud, fell in with another hunter who invited him to dinner at his camp, which was built of birch bark with a low entrance, which compelled a man to stoop to enter. Be fore entering McDonald passed his gun butt forward, and the hammer striking on the edge of the door discharged the gun, the bullet passing through the lower portion of the body killing him almost instantly.
Beat quality vinegar and pickling
J. H. Shaw.
spice
Note and receipt forms, done up In ntat books of 25 and 50, each, to be had ELM SI DE, QUE. I at The Equity office, cheap.
The Corporation of the Town of Xl monte are offering a reward of one thousand dollars for information that will lead to the apprehension of the party who murdered Henry Gray on the night of June 29th.
The young man who took over the fancy goods store of Miss A. D. Me Credie, at Am prior, some months ago, skipped out last Thursday. Miss Me-Credie, who, it seems got nothing for her stock, is a loser to a considerable extent.
o
OFFICE,
Mr. S. M. Logan, Sec. Treat, of Thorne, spent Thursday last in town. He reports that the late frost did a gieat deal of damage in his section.
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L,	ttCrhktSeFo?«£byï KÏ
' 1 Shawville, from $20 up	1
- The Aylmer people are talking of buy-Will attend all the Courts of the District, es-1 ing out the waterworks system from Mr. penally when required.	| Pou pore.
A feature in connection with the opening services at St. Alban’s church, Park-man, on Sunday last was the baptism of four children.
-I
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
Mr. J. A. Smith, late of the Pontiac Advance, has been commissioned General Deputy H. C. R. by the I. O. F. High Court of this Province.
S. A. 3ÆACKAY, B.C.L.

The Misses Wilson, L?ster, Armstrong and Strutt, spent last week camping with Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Hodgine at Green Lake.
Mias Mamie L'efleur of Bryson, and Misses, Annie McRae, Nina Hudgins, and Martha McGuire, are camping at Green Lake this week.
NOTARY PUBLIC
pLERK of the District Magistrates’ Court I 1 v_y at Shawville. Money to lend on easy |e term* on farm and village property. Notary for " The Reliance Loan and Savings Com pang" of Ontario.
JtfT* Will visit Bryson every Thursday.

There is reported to have been a good time at Gray'» Lake picnic, Thorne, on July 12th. Five lodges of Orangemen
Mr. Silas Young reports business good since he began storekeeping at Starke’s
Corners. Silas started right, that is with | mustered at that point to do honor Jo an ad in the local paper.	| the occasion. These were: Thorne Cen-
tre, Sheppard’s,- Tubman’s, Sparling’s, D( >N’T neglect that nasty cough. Dr. | and N. Clarendon Main St. Hull,1 Wood’s Norway Pine Syrup can cure it
M cough remedy "W"
ly answered.	I dealers.
Will be a tstiftwvl Retirât Thursday of each
month.
Drysdale
Mr
Arthur McConnell.
TTORNEY AT LAW

A
I wish to state that the Frost
Notice
& Wood, (> ft. cut, No. 2 Binder which I purchased from Smiley & Thomas, has been set up and did splendid work from the start.
Do you want a waggon? If so, carefully examine the “Chatham ’ now on exhibition at A. Smiley’s, Shawville. It is Massey Harris machines still at the j made of the best seasoned wood, and bet-front, and going like hot cakes. Give in ter ironed than any other waggon, while ^	\Ai D I UT I y°ur or<*er eoon and be sure of getting a it has every point to ensure durability,
**	__ W%kMX*rM 1 f | machine in time.	J. | strength and light draught. Nothing like
A. S. Smact
25c., all
Wm. Adam Hodoihs
3 2 ,
HULL QUE.
it in the market
Lawn Social.—A lawn social will be held at Mrs. Thos. Richardson's, 8th (line Clarendon on Tuesday July 20th. Refreshments served at seven o’clock. A program of the customary amusements will be carried out. Admission 15 and 20 c nits. Proceeds to apply to building fund of Radford English Church. All respectfully invited to attend.
72 MAIN-ST.
Six hundred Orangemen and True
Last week was a great week for sav-Blues celebrated the Twelfth at Cobden. I ing hay, and the farmers were not slow to There were 27 stand of colors in the pro take advantage of it. Several were tor-cession, which was over half a mile in tunate enough in finishing up on Satur-length.	day. The dry spell was broken by a few
The cloak advertised in these columns K«ntl® ,howers on Su"(,»y- ,ullo”ed b? a
SSSSSI sSrssSHrHr I	™ h-s-”
wns claimed within an hour after The Equity was issued.
Wilt attend Superior and Circuit Court at Bryson, also other Courts In Pontiac District when required.
/ •
•z
JAN. HOPE & Co.
A few second hand Binders Muwers and Rtkes for sale cheap.
The Quyon Maple Leaf Lacrosse Team defeated the “Stars ’of Eardley cn July
OAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT Correction.—Mr. D. B. Stevenson 12th at the Eardley celebration by
writes us to say, that the sum of $50.75	score of 5 to 0. The Eardley boys were '	HOW Andrew Loitch met HlS Bdath.
wlth*all Courts l n the County? CoUvction" which appears as his bill in the minutes of	principally “green uns’ , which doubtless
mideand p-omptreturunassured	the Clarendon School Commissioners,	accounts for their bad defeat, but they	As several mis'eadmg rumors have been
----- published in our issue of 30th June,	are said to hare put up a pretty good	in circulation regarding the death of An-
-pj-Tra should have been $5.05 (live dollars and	game, notwithstanding that luck was	drew, son	of Mr. Daniel Leitch of Cla-
' sixty five cents).	against them.	rendon, we have been requested to pub.
Ff lish the following account of the accident,
Our popular townsman, Mr. W. J. A rather pleasing htt.e event took place Htint Mr. Charles A. Birke of Deer
Fades, was united in matrimony at Otta- <n,r€en Lake on h nday evening last,	to \ir< Wm. Mills of Pembroke,
•wa on Wednesday afternoon last, to Miss	the occasion bemg the christening of Mr.	the writer	evidently having no definite	,,	,	1AA
Emma, daughter of the late James Me	U* M»tchdls summer cottage, recently	knowledge	Gf where the family of de.	£ork	^er 100
Tiernan of Clarendon. The young couple erected. The building was very appro	resided :	Hay per ton,.
S&S? * *"‘e Co“- Iwl'CX.1 "mV Î b.	j» gSSS:;;;.
g	.*	About Lent* young people of the villa.,	ono ha. written you the particular. of the P„|„
We notice that an attempt has been	were present and were very hoapit&bly	Itnt i«1 wInch Andy Leitch lost hia -
mado to burglarize the oltice of the Ayl— entertained by the host and hostess. j ^®e ^ write it below as 1 got it from mor Gazette. The burglars meut either rwowN-N- Aividfnt - A verveadaoe, ‘i16 ^«nian, Jaine* ChUholm, who waa
mem,
, ssmms rnm&wmmm
3 ggfsssi?	mmm
'1 £ “ Zt.,,.,% s^rses-ter — anus : £EBE3FEE
ceipt of a sample of honey from Mr. K. The panther story which appeared in his left hand and gave a pull. Chh holm to all the imitations and substitutes that McJanet of Yarm. To this we wish to these columns some weeks ago,*is thus fe t that the log he had hold of was mov- have been offered the public in their stead, add that Mr. Wm. Young of Bristol Cor- made light by our friend of the Quyon ing, and shouted to Andy three ti me to Mr. R. E. Pitt, the well-known con-nera and Mrs. Thus. Eades of Radford, Times:—“The panther scare has been die- get out of there. Instead of jump.ng out tractor and builder, voices these senti-have also brought us a quantity of the yelled by the appearance of th> original of the way he kept pulling at the chain mcnf? wlien he sa-vs’ “ I have had kidney product of their hives which are very sup. himself. Some had described him as a and backing up, bent over. The logs trouble for years. I had tried numerous erior. The busy bee has evidently had low, stout, gray animal with very mus- commenced to roll, and a log 18 invhe.	-h “i much rclief*’ antJ had
no difficulty in storing away a large quan cular paws and some agreed that fora ter-1 in damater. Id feet long struck Andy on	„ JlnuAi.^rV, V- F0ne»!^,r g100ti'
tity of this delicacy	during	the	past	rible noise it beat all. One fellow could	the head and knocked him to the plat-	has keen ^marvellous ' t illl^.lhc rcsult
monrh or so.	swear his tail was four feet long. But all	j form and from the platform into the	gone. I feel like a new man and c*
relieved by a couple of men who water, 7 feet below. • As soon as the log highly testify to the virtues of Doans H OffâTTTa I H°t °n his trail and hunted him to his den, struck him Chisholm shouted that Andy Kidney Pills.” ii iiU	1*3 V W» 8 and discovered it to be Mr. A. Richard’s ( had been killed, and the rest of the boys Doan's Kidney Pills are sold hv aH
leading daily	paner—Ad" j	peacock. No doubt many hunting parties	were on the sp>t in short order. Two	dealers or sent by mail on receipt of
j. ¦	have been abandoned and many a gun	minutes elapsed from the time he was	pnee, 50 cents a box or 3 boxes for $1.25.
VOrtlSe IB It.	I hung up for the present. ’	| struck till they had him on shore. Andy j The Doan Kidney Pill Co., Toronto, Ont.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
A. S. Smart
Shawville Produce Quotations
o
Oats........
peas.......
Buckwheat.. Eggs, (fresh,)
Wool.......
Butter.....
25 U 00
to 45
• •
BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT,
OFFICE : — COURT 8T., SMAWYILLE.
50
0 to 9 ... 10 to 18 .... 12 to 00
3 75 to 4.25 9.00 to 30.00 .... 35 to 40
... 0 to 8 . 00 to 1.ÜJ
Accounts collected and 1 «rompt returns made
All courts attended.
St. Lawrence Hall,
Mrs C M. McLean,
Kidney Trouble
FOR YEARS.
Proprietress,
Good Accommodation. Table and BaraJ ways well furnished.
First class Livery Attached.
Nothing did Mr. R. E. Pitt
any good until he got
Doan’s Kidney Pills.
PONT I AC HO (jgp


Djd,
I

i
mi
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
CALDWELL,
This hotel will be found fully equlpp< for the accommodation of ihe 1 ubllc generally. and especially commercial men. Free ’bus meets all trains. Good livery In connection.
Ladles’and gents bicycles kept for hire
PROPRIETOR
fear was

###PAGE###2###

Mamie «at down on the table swing- th* single exponent of the everlasting lug lier legs took) and forth, and look- feminine had been hi# mother. \ e( he ing concerned. "Well, now, can't you hail hie ideals: he twlieved in goodnems go home au bile f * sh« wild.	and in purity in a wuy that even *
Bessie looked up impatiently. "I man who had known them in their haven’t any home. 1 haven't had for human limitations might not have something wrong, and he saw a fright-	six years. I came into this to support	done. In his grave and simple way
wood wince under the smiles and paint	mother, and when she—died, 1 didn't	he know the world was wicked. Hut
on the kirl'a face. Peter Day ground	have any home. As for relations, I’ve	he would not have those white-winged
teeth. How dazed the brute look	some relations somewhere, hut .-features whom he revered have even
that way at his sister 1 That was no they're too good for the likes of nie 1 so much know ledge as that ..	.	-	way for a brother to look! From No. no 1" She got up, the tears dried, At the end of the third week the Mon. .	1 ,.	u	1,lti i,a{uL uu4,	that }K»int he only saw Bessie; he saw	and her dark eyes sparkled wickedly;	(ague Sisters came to Old Cheater ;
uiizgs	ana on til	steal tvam. that	her growing whiter, though he no-	the cocktail had brought a little color	they had two nights here, and it was
m.u v l|	, i^aflî *.	0	l!tuluutiul “ad flak-	ticed that the color in her cheek was	into her cheeks, and she was as pretty	vn the second night that Bessie broke
c< 14 ,	'liMered ;	a	crack, ran from a	as bright as ever—which seemed to	as when she stood before < he foot-lights	down absolutely, and fainted dead
sec o lid-story window down towards the him a xery unhealthy sign.	in vivid rouge and snow-white powder
lroui dvoi, which sagged a hi tie in its j “It's that way in consumption," he She took two dancing steps battered white frame. Inside, the wood-, thought. Ho felt impelled to leap upon cn steps were so worn that the knots the stage and tell her brother he ought stood out on them :-minunvratde town to take Mtenvire of her; and then her meet mgs lair?, lectuzes, and ail such dancing fascinated him so that he for-•ulortaiimieuis as tins vl the Alun- got. lier pallor for a while—then in>-l.itjuc toisicis. inailv much travel over ticed it with sharp compunction, tile wide, shallow staircase, the walls The last whirl and pigeon-wing, the Wvrt) tot*, the plaster stained and last kick and flurry of gauze skirts, the cvaulted, even broken in two ji three iasl leer—then standing on one leg. places, and studded with nails tor all each sister kissed her hand, bit her the <iif lervni decorations ut pint* or ]i|>, looked down into ilk' audience and tkigs or crape or 1 lowers wh.ch had winked, and—it was over 1 gone up and come noun in more than
fifty
ANAEMIA. OR BLOODLESSNESS.
GOOD FOR THE SOUL.
Il» vif HIM* arf raie la <’el*r, Subject blr.ilnrs», PnlpIlHtlo# of the Heart au Other Dlfllreanlns Symplema.
1
11
From I he Echo, Vlattsvllle, Ont.
Anaemia, which literally means bloodlessnes», is prevalent to an alarming extent among young girls, and young women of (he present day, and is a fruitful source of "decline" and
The symptoms of this hut among the
The tow u-hull m Gruftuu aloud iu the square, winter rains had washed and waahcd against its narrow, faded old l'neks, until the piaster between them had crurn 'led aud the angles had worn ilun u.
his
cousu mpt ion trouble ere many
most noticeable are pallor of the face, li|vs and gums, shortness of hr eat h on alight exertion, dizziness, severe headaches, weakness of the vital organs, palpitation of the heart, anddliopsical swelling of the limbs, these symptoms shown the necessity for prompt treatment. Hut busincsM is business; 1 n*' Among those who have suffered from troupe was advertised to appear in the anaemia and found a Nre is Min next town, and they had to move on. |.;mj|y Webb, a young lady residing So. with protestations, and most honest m,ar Wolverton, Ont. Miss Webb, says; anxiety, and the real, practical kind- __\jy illness first came on when I was ness of leaving some money for her aj,ou( sixteen years of age. My coinhoard with the tavern keeper, they p|PXjon was a pale waxy color; I on. But Voter Day staid he- waJ1 troubled with general weakness,
-	•”“*	™ “4
lie was tingling unh excite ment ; the stand up to us all, J.iz. will you V* haven fc .any sisters.’ He looked dumb- ..	?	.. Xr	she told '!* "V, " ' ‘ ‘-LTi new ml health,
sudden ana unuMial concentration of "Hint u,V the gill said. Tin nearly struck. Thon I caught on."	him her cvm crinkl nS wVb a liugh iVI,lh? T* of 1,0X68 ,ny ap|,etlU
: 1 saisies :: ps iiti
sus lies uu.l sword, Xth.rb mi ruled l J. • glare at you » hen you crossed lie- man « lit. through his Lig steel-rim- •• i want vou % me" he said ",l"1auffer l's 1 <lld to glve lhnm ,lfttir pink singers, low pink satin skin- bear from il. 1 wish you didn't have to c her every morning as .silent and .m Ju...!...Ph cut T".‘	'"'s"hy. rosy-
.wpatfcuïï .."'.Tpft-'.«is:™.. :!v&.u;r :s
i tei l il m
pu gjauiiuc, ihc lluusy .diiti i ustlmg jjome door seomed to shut behind him; happy, and tumultuously in love. lie She tried to sav •
“	% rrAM-svtr i:	ss c. r** """"
twenty, when his mother hud nil ped iu they were hoy and girl. lie was getting g( f> i enough 1	.	û "us iu‘r the I-ud certain tendencies towards young, this sober, elderly man, and the
name-— .css <* . y lie sid mer, it apir.tr- love-making the consciousness that he warm-hearted, quick-witted little acted, was Bessie s brother, wh) was in- had a life af his ow n. And he I egan re s. with her peals (if laughter, her rUi'f.\1!6’ 1-1 1,1 u! 111 ' vdh i in, i,o live ii. tj * announced that he was funny winks, ami grimaces, and good>; ] -ol(,	shortly to appear going away for a week or two.	natured raillery, was the onus - of it.
» niJlii‘i,lvd'. lliateti- : •> .Mrs. Wilson; "What ! nmv i ‘ ejaculated one of the He never knew how hotly .she defended !/.uj “ Lcssie and her sisters, Minnie, hands. "Why, were that busy—" him from the suspicions of the Pudiie. Ainniit*. would play their cards "I'm going," his employer said, and <d the company : she was so quick to property, the mei e incitent of the wife *et, his lips in a dogged way that he recognize his "goodness” that she
would make no difference. J hey would had learned under his mother s scold- turned whire with auger when his go to a picnic with the Other Alan
aud then, and then, and then rollicking chorus, with Minuie and Ma mie
I
rhvy were all very kind to her No— i —the m&negri un i tlie Other sisters/' no— WJi&t duet* all tli«* world care rhey were in and out of her ro u all for me I '	that night, and Dink in son would have
"Except Hayseed." Mamie reminded givtn jier all the whiskey the tavern
"lie afforded if it would have done am
ftwav
The more of t ho greater
her. with a thoughtful frown, cares, It appear*. 1 say, Liz, I 8up-jgo,Mj IKiso you could lay off. and—"
The girl turned <xn her savagely.
"Now look here ; .shut up! He « good."
MamieKhHeked with laughter. "Oh, lie doesn’t bite, doesn’t he f"
"Ho doesn't, try to make me Idle," the
other Miid. sharply ; then suddenly moved
Peter Lay eat like a man in a broke down again and flung up her Somebody cuffed him on the anus, and said she wished she was L "Did they put you dead. "Talk about a home ! If I
\ v a i b
1 g i p w des-
iprov-
ide hu<l no cxjH-rivnve in indecencies
returned, and with It
cheeks, and
1 h(ill ron-
\o; oh n" ! he
FUNNIGRAMS.
in
was not she couldn't Hie
euc<
N«.
Bvssie Mon ta gut
2nd Edition
1 h< togra her, to Captain In bis new
is cheek dow n against ho ill dr unii'or m— Look fierce, please.
" Tin i h - re ; It's all i ig ht,
couldn't !'
But he gathered h»r up in his arms pu t and said
uni I've got the license Mm was so weak that suddenly she *n 1°'<
T®8* fainted, and Peter was lilc
oung Willie King had been rushed in and said it was all right, and
- *,,........,,......,, EÉSSélâS iSStl WOS.......................................................................—
and decent clothes and sanctimonious The Montague Sisters went to Mer- said; "truly 1 don't, Mr. Day."	i T'm * tt, i ‘ • a T? ,	° \iml
uir. Jhc audience roared at each iu- I car, and im to two or three smaller Ho laughed at that, in his soft, big îui J »vlrxVl?«7L‘f u	, VXn<
and Minnie said things that weren t, gerously above their bodices; but it ’em but. what they're spoiled I Well	U° * ontinued.)	King is that? Spatts—Old King Coal.
ErEHHHSH EESV5™s
know why the masculine part of tho "It's a dead mash for Liz," the man- doit."	Mrs Helniw T)nr»nt n . .	..	the cramps? Old Doctor—Cramps. He
audience roared so. Nellie had almost ager announced. "Say. Liz, can’t you "OK if fever had time to go to walk thor v»r i . uT Ù® he au* «Jjdn’t bave money enough for uppen-nothing to say, and Bessie was the pre- got him to give you a theatre? Come, in the country and see the brides !"	apwral p,a-vs that ha™ »*en divins,
mit re danseuse, and only joined in the now, don't forget the company when	she said, her eyes suddenly wet. "Pm	1 acted ln	London	and New York, and
choruses, lo Deter, from the first mo- you strike it rich." Liz laughed, and	pretty tired of this kind of life."	j baa a,ao	written	a volume of short
ment, she was the most fascinating fig- groaned, und dropi*?d down on the He m&de an impulsive gesture, and I>wm.v a novel of New York life and urc on the stage. Her dancing and broken springs of the horse-hair couch opened his lips; but he dared not speak many short «tories. Moat of her works
,of th<* !ittIe hotel* As for. her, she went up to the hotel bave been published in England, where fnr r JliiugSter ttnd eT k SoiVbo5£ d better give me a grave." parlor, and sat on the horse-hair sofa took a diploma as trained nurse turee, went to his head. He saw noth- she said Say, Dickinson. I'm played under the steel engraving of the for her mission work in London slums mg else; the tawdry wenery, the soil- out. 6 he liegan to cry. and the man-	"Landing of the Pilgrims," and told
ed cotton velvet and flimsy crumpled ager told her, good-naturedly, not to	Mamie she wished she was dead
“L™;	rï. 0f vu>'ir.ity- 1,0 **ooL.	^	Ml Peter Day knew no better than to	STRONG EVIDENCE,
never touched h.s innocent mind. Ill send you up something that’ll make his protest to Dickinson, who The	-,
He looked at her open-mouthed, make you feel better, he said. But the	winked at Lhe barkeeper to call his at-	thttb	1 ?at eVxdenc* bave you
breathless. The play was about half cocktail and the kindness only made	tention to the joke. Pm thinking of	m T	not in 'full pos-
sa.’fAmisis ans	^ c“&w^5rsTsr
gesture to show that she had done mg!	views. In his cramped, unlovely life, Uke to k/ow	" man mad I"
She—You s*v you have never been
How near have you come to n madman ? He—I was married once.

%
u n
Ho a much do you charge for a ride
in 1 tie balloon / Forty cents going up. And do.\ n i
Four dollars
i me a
wife spends hours at
Now . \n li • t does It jail amount to? Egbert—A pretty fig-
J1 icon—V mu
ure
Johnny—Pn, what's t lie difference l.c-
bweeri puncture and punctuation i Pa — Not n great deal, my son. They Loth
lie—If you w ill marry me 1 will make
it rat* duty to anticipate your every
wish. She—But a re you sure that your anticipations would be realized ?
Business Man — When they say
“money is easy," it means simply that
the supply is greater than the demand. Ilia	Wife—Goodness !
think such a thing ; possible.
Throckmorton—Eve made her appearance while Adam was asleep, we are told. Goldthrope—That is right. Throckmorton—I wonder if she seized the opportunity to go through his pockets ?
Is there any danger of the boa-constrictor biting me? asked a lady visitor at the Zoological Gardens. Not the least, maim, cried the showman. He never bites ; he swallows his wit ties whole.
Similar—Waters' talk reminds me so
I shouldn't
THE HARBOUR OF SANTIAGO DE CUBA -(From a photograph.)
~X
C
t
much of a river. It does run pretty steadily

Yes ; and though there it undoubtedly some connection between his head and his mouth, it is not ap-pa rent.

mm

m

mans

7
•Ml
You must.admit that your argument
My dear sir, rcrnark-
n w ho was filibustering, in a caa** like this it is not the thickness of an argument that counts. It's the length.
His First Engagement—I think I
know now, said the soldier, who was
miking a determined effort to masticate his first ration of army beef, what people mean when they talk about the sinews of war.
The Father—Do you know, my son,
if we moved our legs proportionately
as fast as an ant we should travel nearly 800 miles an hour ? The Son—Then you'd never mis* your train in the morning, pop. would you I

il J3

Jir
5.
A
was rather thin
%
il
ft
ed the

9
HÏI

7

#



%
10, Cayo Ratones.
0, Lime ta Peint
6, Lighthouse. 1, Morro Castle, 7, Cayo Smith. 2, Morrillo Point. 8, Nlspero Bay.
8, Estrella Battery.
4. Santa Catalina Fort. 5. Fort La Zocapa. xc The Sunken MerrLmae.
14, City of Santiago,
, Point Blanca.
IS, Sal Point.
11, Poin( Taxey





###PAGE###3###
}

ITEMS OF INTEREST.
SWARMS OF MAN-EATERS
SURELY HE WOULDN’T.
If I were only a man, she «aid, we could—
Possibly we oould, be «aid, but the chances are we wouldn't. If you were a man I wouldn't be here. I’d be saying nice things to somebody who wasn't a man.
Hornetime» it would be worth while T° I to think of such facts as these.
Every leaf 1» selected with the greatest care.
"I'm So Tired I"
I
MONSOON
A Few Paragraph* Which Will Prove
w orih Beading.
*'•	1-*u“KJw5 “*r'K.uS
your blood is in hu< h a poor, thin, sluggish condition, it does not keep up your strength and you do not get the benefit of your sleep. ' feel strong and keep strong Just try the tonic and purifying effects of Hood's Sarsaparilla. Our word for It, ’t will do you good.

SOME UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCES IN THE CARIBBEAN SEA.

INDOCEYLON TEA
a guaranteed to give satisfaction, or yon cM get your money b tek. All grocers sell It, Id lead packet s only. 25, 80, 40, 59 and SOc, lb.
__	_,-m mmm	*
Hare ymi written uaon
ENTRANCE or LEAVING
bourne
Ihiirki Prowl About (hé Heel* In Southern Water* Kirilin* Experience* With the Terrible Pish.
Gloves made from frog skins are popular In Paria.
The most violent thunder storms are experienced in French Guiana.
Flour, pressed into bricks, is in use
in the army to facilitate transportation.
A Key West, EMa.,, despatch says. Shark hunting has jber<ime a favorite sport among the men in the fleet and ou lhe despatch lioate. The Southern waters a/re alive .with the ugly monsters, and they pxe the boldest, hungriest
kind ol man-eaters from the North at first laughs at the (•hark stories, but /ho does nob cruise in 'these waters Umg iltefore he joins in the general stampede to quarters, and gets as much excited i as the natives whenever a man-eater vomes alongside. And they ruine frequently and in large numbers.
It would he difficult to imagine a more hideous «looking object than a hungry shark of fihe Caribbean sea, as he comes gliding along through the Blear w ater and i pokes his nose against the hull of a ship. When t he water is quiet and the sun Is shinning ho « an be Been ninny feet down in the water, and the closer he approaches the more hideous he looks. Few stories told about.
IIA VF Y
Kiamieatioim thle j ear T
—Hi i* happiest, I» h* king or peu»- i^pl^ciMTRAL^BUsiNu'a ant, who fin is happiness in bis home. | yono* à okkhard hts , Toronto. mhI rentre
art ioulari about free echelarahlpe fer iwcomfiil oan4|j ataa. Fall ter* opens B#t£ lui
Hood’s Sarsaparilla
s
IIPC ÎMN
AddrwRH,
• MAW, Pr'.lOlpâl
In Milwaukee there is a full brass
band composed exclusively of police-1 "hoovCpius mire ifl TTvar Ills. 2fl cent* men.
Eggs command ten cents each in
Havana, and the hens are beginning
to strut proudly, as if the price would advance to fifteen cents next week.
Is Canada's Greatest- Modlolne
r
VvOVIIf VHOItkl Sit.liWIS(, ,
l.l )(1N< >1 s(. < °
r. s iv \l>lt Vi>f-_v w HWMKH»
The "sailor man*
threshers engine
CASTOR MACHINE
CYLINDER
ENGINE PACRINti and
THRESHERS- CELTS,
Oil
THE FUNERAL PROCESSION.
Hannan XMnrf a* Roiulrd a| one I'nlnl and itnollier In Hie line.
Only eleven pope, have reigned more I ..Ry looking int„ lny rarriag8 of a thon twenty year., and the present fun8ra, procession," says Mr. Stay-
5&s	I	..i,
,	,	, its relation to the hearse. The
At the University of Berlin female K oa„,agM in fronf. of the hearse
students are not permitted to wear carry the pa„ bearer8- whn are H„,ier doing so were dismissed.	I are selected because of their station
99
Ouickcurc

Get our prices. We want your trade.
WILLIAM C. WILSON & CO.,
For all pain or soreness, pimples, boils, bunions.
one or
LIMIT ED,
STEAMBOAT, RAIUtOAB and MILL SUPPLIES,
24 Front 5t. East,	TORONTO
CTAMMERERS.
Only Institution In Canada for the oureoj 1 every phase of speech defect. Established In Toronto, 1890. Cure guaranteed. OHUKUH H AUTO VOCE INSTITUTE,
Knirlish engineer. One minutes work "After the hearse comes the car-of this gun, under favorable conditions, rlage with the chief mourners, whose would mow down a full regiment
i?«î " "—¦>«“*'	ræï;
l> a k as he x haa been i>ainUxl. 1 he to s*h a negro git 1 nancing wit	them the tinge of sorrow grows rap-
thoroughbred hulor liâtes him as white man, or a w hlte girl with a man Irily lighter until it wholly disappears, fiercely as he does a Spaniard, and Gf tawny complexion, and males and 1’hore may be seen In one carriage a fights him with fihe same spirit as he females smoking as they whirl in 1 he child looking out from a window. In would fight a Spaniard. Sharks alout ma7y waltz.	some there will be seen friends and
».	su ». »¦«. »• »»>» »*• .»»•<«> » srss ssus
because they have been so long arcus- the city of Lancaster, Penn., a fine re- attitudes
to tiled tu feed on human flesh Havana ai de nee valued at $25,000 for a public "Then will come carriages containin'! rbor is swarming with ravenous library building, and promises to pro- ing those who look from the window}» sharks, and the Cubans believe that vide for the permanent endowment of as they pass at objects unfamiliar, and •they are lured there |>y the number of the library.	then there are carriages containing
human Indies which have been tossed	.,„irA *a people w ho do not hesitate to talk and
°h3EEEHHB„,^ I Së=ÿ25£ S	iiK |	ÜHI
the crew of the Associated Press des- Many ladies of the higher c	• --------	P*10 UP CAPITAL,	130,coo.	j	** j*] Auâreaê plainly written.
patch-boat Wanda, had Wit h the man- licensed for this purpose; and among The trustees of Now Hampshire sav- Cor. West Market A Colborne fit., Toronto,	» n V ' i
AWJSKS	SIS5K m2 ffïffe, =2%:
wZ^	12e ''Thrt”d ^	. .J . T« C«r. « Corn	%'
»f 'he crew ou deck were started by an Bank of England wree recently cashed the ^“«"«.ImeMknowniteco,^.	BenctoAgency
little closer to ike small boat, andoc- A New Haven photographer took a thhtrla\lone “Çfÿ lh as (llrec,ed the
KttïïrAt k - »	;¦* * w-.|ï%fc—
weed or some object that had been without her knowledge, contrived o thrown overboard from'the ship. CM id- ao arrange the photograph t hat. she big along, just above his nose, were appeared riding on an ostrich.’ He three pilot fish, which are always seen ^(d some of these to her icqtiaintan-awiuiming close to a shark. They | cos. and she has begun suit for dam-never lea vet him. and he never makes j ages any effort to disturb them although he is the mortal . foe of every fish that swims the salt water.
• Pembroke 8L, Toronto, Canada.
received the highest a ward w at the WorldV Fair PTOt
OONBOVS PATENT
ROLLER TOPS
have met with such universal favor. that other manufacture re are now making Inferior imitate
Inileton having the Coeboy mnke an imitation* are never ae good a# the genuine.
THE TRIUMPH
grief la sacred. There may be another
ADJUSTABLE STOVE PIPES. Rasy put up and taken dome. Gan b* «Tanned, nrsted, and put away in *1 space. Ask your dealers for Manufactured by
G. B. BARCLAY,
•66 Adelaide 5t. W., Toronto.
them.
•ne
AN. ANDIRION, M.O^Ne.1 Oollege-eL
4

A Handsome Gold Ring Set Wftfc Genuine Gamete and Pearle
•HIP YOUR
MBW
v , :K »
•*

Ï?

i;i
l
d you
S
i 84 McOnal HI., Toronto»
ALLAN LINE
Royal Mail Steamship Co.,
Rooms *09-12 Board of Trade Building,
TORONTO. ONT.
Montreal to Liverpool.
Put Hum's.'* and
Thomas Flynn,
Joun L. Coffee.
Steamers nail from Montreal every Thursday morning on arrival of traîna from Toronto an# the West about 9 o’clock.
RATES OF PASSAGE
HIS SHREWD SCHEME
For Sale.
,	-_____.	.	.	.	I Cabin $52.50 and upwards ; Second Cable
e a busy man, and so am T.	'ron fuming Lathe, sixteen inch swing, SS4 and and 25: Steerage to Liverpool
buy this book I will make W I	n^,%RY	”
CHEAP. Apply,	I round trip first and second cabin ticket*. Fov
sailing* of steameieor other Information apply to any authorized agent.
Business Mon—-This is in y busy da> and—
Hook Agent—Yes, and mine too, air!
You ar If you
profit. Gimme $1 and I’ll let yoi& off.
Cheaper for you, and takes up less of
ray valuable time. What do you say? | The WILSON PUBLISHING CO.,
LIMITED
73 to SI Adelaide 8t. W., Toronto.
The contract for printing ^United States postage stamps next year in-Some times the uprightly little pilot j dudes 2,726,709,525 two-cent stamps, fish will rest upon the shark's ugly and if&$4,526,650 one-cent stamps. The nose or snuggle close down upon his tallest number of any one variety back, just behind his fins, as he glides will he 4 430 fifty-dollar stamp*. These through the water. As 'the shark clrc- arQ use(j for postage upon newspapers led closer to thq small boat the sailors maiie(i in bulk, became more frantic with rage and1 alarm. One of the negro sailors on
deck nearly had hysterics. " Brass de | pet rated at a Boston place of amuse Lftvvd l” he shouted, “dal shark jump in de boat isuab. 1 seen um got right in de boat and eat two Nassau nlggahs just last yeah. O <1© good Lawd 1 Uem Bailors gone suahl" But the sailors were not eaten, although several times the shark came up close to the boat and poked bis great nose against the tiller.
H. Bourlter, 1 King St. W. Toronto» or H.
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury.
a* mercury will surely destroy the senne of smell and completely derange tho whole i-y.s-tein when entering it through the mucous tur such articles should never be used ex-
Allan. Montreal
KNITTING
THE.^NEY fdAKEF
Ribbing
l^CHINE
A theatrical joke was lately per-
fa^en.
copton vreFcriptionn from reputable phytic.	,	ian*. a* the damage they will do is ten fold to
ment. A veiled creature in t he auai- the good you can possibly derive from them.
usher forcibly tore off the hat and veil, blood and mucous surfaces of the system. In and exposed a bald headed man con- buying Hall's Catarrh Cure be sure you get
nected with the show.	f‘T
At the opening of the Hofbrauhnus	D?u«..U, P,l,.Tfe. per botUe
in Munich, on Sunday afternoon, w hen Hall's Family Pills are the best,
the bock beer season began, the pa...	.	...	trons consumed 10,000 quarts of the
been watching the game, and, calling to foamjng beverage. Eight hundred pro-
the cook to bring him tho carving minent officials, headed by the Gover-knifa, told the bailors to throw out nor of xrpper Bavaria, had tested the pimril bits of ibiaouit to the shark and l)eer on the previous day. keep him close to the boat. The cook soon came running With the knife, and
Captain Miller lashed <it firmly to the I payments to a Boston house and,, of a fluke pole. Then, getting down	a letter, pleading hard times in
Mpü,..........................................................
beck, and for/i distance of fifty feet or At the sunset hour. In Seoul, Corea, pered in Judge Meyer's ear that he more t ould U* seen writhing and lash- a fown bell proclaims the fact w’hen I would like to go home to welcome a
fettom.“uttle6pUot	thn 8Un bafl vanUhe|d b*“ealh ‘he hori" l»aby vvho had just arrived in his fam-
leave him. In less (than ten minutes ™n. No mas is allowed in the street ily The judge adjourned court for another shark, larger than the first. after that hour, under penalty of forty-five mmutes In thirty-five min-came up, and .he received a deep gash flogging; but. strange to say, the wo- utea the happy father was back, and from the cook's knife, but he was not men are permitted to go around as | the court proceedings were resumed killed. The knife, although inflicting usual, visiting their friends or strol-* wound fully {.waive inches deep, did | l*n8 f°r pleasure, pot strike a vital part, and the shark swam away leaving a trail of blood l>e-jhind him
MACHINES.

OLD AND RELIABL1
Established 1*7t
nils IS F81 VSU-
w*
Cleths your family from bead
to foot with our
• fj ¦ j* •
r®
MONEY MAKES
Prices only SIS, $20 $30.

i s
"¦ y '
X	.« T à mrnâ ,
BAITING THE MONSTERS
», •
Y
.... -W:
» •
Captain Miller, of the Wanda, had
WHY SHE QUIT
!LÆM
fil EM AN BROS., Georgetown, Oat
De Style—Ah, Alias Flit, and have you given up your Sunday school class?
Miss Flit—Yea, Indeed; I had to. The boys got. to he such big fellows, and A Texas merchant was tardy in his I asked such embarrassing questions.
He One of them asked me to marry him
H0MÀS PHOSPHATEPOWDER
C.Î
What?
^‘AMBERINE"X-
I
I
H li| Kaqillto».
n
LAW
Mills, Mills A Hales.
Bairbter* etc .vomovdd to Weelo) Bldgs.. Rich mond 8t- XV., Toronto.
Removes Dandruff In One Week. Cures Itching of the Scalp. Prevents Breaking of Main
Stops Falling Out
POSITIVELY GROWS HAIM»
TO CURE A CULD IN ONE DAY Take Lexrtlve Bromo Quinine Tsblete gist* refund the money if it fell» to Cure. Ve.
PAINT to CHEAP J5SWW
».,, - ,
that the population of s country
should not exceed half the number of I C'A DIUIQ AWD eSTATii bought sold &
its cultivated acres. There are, there-I ^	SIMPSO^Re^lKtaE^nd
fore, seven European countries which I Financial Agent, Montreal, Que
overpopulated—Belgium, which has I---------------------
115 persons to each 100 tilled acres; I TORONTO CUTTINd SCHOOL offers special England, 115; Holland 95; Scotland, 86; | ¦ inducements to young men desirous of
Italy. (10; Germany, 59. and Switzer-	SïVcfiioH «T^toîSo? ‘PPU
land, 58
All Drug
SHARK'S BULLET PROOF
There is little Satisfaction in shooting a shark. Three 44-calibre bullets were fired into one from one of the lattlo-shipa, and after the third shot, the shark swam back after more refuse meat that fiad been thrown to
7
him
Nearly all the battle ships and guns boats are equipped with sharkhooks, hut the most original apparatus for killing the ugly creatures is used by one of the jg an boats of the mosquito fleet now guarding Havana Harbor. This boat has a small electric battery, with a long wire attached to it, and small dynamite oartridges are attached to the end of the wire. A piece of fresh pork is lashed to the cartridge and thrown overboard to the shark. After he has swallowed the pork and dynamite, the electric current is turned on, exploding the dynamite and blowing the shark to atoms.
are

a
THE INCREASING
%
>X M Cwk If g Ck, LeWea, Oil X\ SURE! /y
?
?
LÜDELLA Oeylon Tea
Popularity of
leaves no doubt that it is well worth your most careful attention.
•5, 4°» 5° and 60c.

Lead packages.
Try iL

V
A
###PAGE###4###
T
Season of 1898.
London, July 12th. —The Duke of Norfolk, postmaster-general, announces that, as an outcome of the Imperial conference on postal rates, it has been decided to ad ppt the proposal of the Canadian representatives for a letter postal rate of a penny per half ounce for the United Kingdom, Canada, Newfoundland, Cape Col» ony and Natal.
The date for initiating the new rate has not yet been fixed.
The Equity.
SHAWVILLE, JULY 21, 1898
DIZZY SPELLS
And feelings of faintness that come over you are only Nature warning you tof the weak condition of your heart. Mllburn’e heart and Nerve Pills make the heart strong, then all feelings of faintness disappear
The Pontiac Woollen Mills
w
x. V X. X.X.
Tho Dominion government will it ia said, postpone all the bye elections till tho fall, when they will all he hold on the one day and on tho new liste.
E. HODCINS & SONS.
Having been thoroughly overhauled are again in full operation, fulfilling the requirements of tho farmers of the surrounding country.
At Bialey last wwk the (îuerneoy team of riflemen won the Ktlapore Challenge Cup with a score of 744. The Canadians took fourth place in the shooting with a tcoie of 735.
When Mr. John Charlton, M. P., gets his oar in the negotiation of the Canad inn American conference he will doubtless see to it that the hostile Canadians lift the embargo recently placed upon his fellow-American pest, the San Jose scale. —Ottawa Citizen.
Trickery and Desperation.

WHITNEY ATTRIBUTES THE CALLING OF LKU18LATUKK TO THIS.
1
IME OFFER
At Loi est Prices
Toronto. July 15. —A carefully prepar j AJy A m m ed state meut by Mr. Whitney as to the '	“
action of the government in calling tho House in midsummer is published. In it the leader of the Opposition denounces the proceeding, saying that neither Par dee, Fraser nor Muwatt, would have signed such a memorandum as that which Mr..E. VV. Morrison, of the Hamilton been Mr. Hardy's Signature, lie char Spectator has been appointed editor of Isoteri v* the tiist and third
for	the	as
twaddle" and says “the true and only object for Mr. Hardy in calling tho House is to endeavor to pass an act declaring that constables and owners of polling booths have always had the right to vote. He sandwiched this reason between the two dummy reasons, hoping perhaps to make it appear as merely one of many."
Touching tho alleged precedent set up by Mr. Hardy. Mr. Whitney says. “The amendment of tho Dominion act was j found to bo necessary because it was feared that, under it deputy returning officers, poll clerks, and constables were all disqualified, whereas under our act the I deputy returning officers and poll clerks]
Washington, July 1G.— I he President are specifically excepted and given the has appointed the following commission- right to vote. Besides, where is the pre-ers to meet a similar commission on the cedent as to the owners of polling booths, part of Great Britain and Canada for the The whole scheme is in flagrant and dir
purpose of adjusting the relations between I ect violation of every consideration of
Canada and the l nited States: Senator fair play and honest dealing. It is simp-Chas. Fairbanks, of Indiana; Senator My deliberate trickery, the product of
xr6?*	* i DTJÏare; Ij^presentative desperation in the minds of men who are
Nelson Dingley, of Maine; Hon. John A. not ashamed to attempt such an outrage,
Kasson, of Iowa; and Hon. W. Foster, of The attitude of independent and the district of l olumbia.	I minded men at this juncture will be of
serious consequence to the future of the

\*
Offer
Binder Twine Haying and Harvesting Tools Machine Oils Harvest Mitts Paris Green.
done on shortest notice and with the usual satisfaction
to customers.

reasons given
the Ottawa Citizen, Mr. Clarke, having signified his intention of retiring# The new editor is spoken of as one of the brightest of young journalists and a gent leman who thoroughly understands how to make a good newspaper.

O
O
The large stock of Goods In connection, namely of->


Sir Louis Davies, brother, Benjamin, it is announced, has been appointed im migration agent at St. Pauls at a salary of #1,500. Mr. Davies used to be a ranchman in Montana, but latterly has been living in Minnesota. The Liberals being in power is making some United States residents think kindly of Canada.
TWEEDS, WORSTEDS, SERGES FLANNELS, PRINTS, &c#J


Binder Twine, Grain Cradles, Machine Oils,


i

#
J. H. SI A I.
eee

will be found of the latest design, of superior manufacture, and at prices that cannot be honestly under. . cut. . .
ALSO
P. S.—Preserving Kettles and Jars.
Massey-Harris Co. Repairs.

fair
The Legislature of Ontario has been | province unexpectedly called for the despatch of business on August 3rd. The news has created a surprise throughout the province. The holding of a session under the circumstances which exist at present, is regarded as unprecedented, * and is meeting with pretty severe criticism at the hands of Mr. Whitney, and his supporters, who are bound to tight to the death any fraudulent schemes that may be introduced by Sir Oliver’s wicked part-
i
An
*
Denounced by Its Friends
Inspection
o
The Dundas Bruner, edited by A. F. Pirie, who contested North Wentworth in the Liberal interest at the last election, comes out in denunciation of the rascality of the Laurier-Tarte Government sounds the tocsin and calls upon the Lib. eral press to speak out and denounce the administration to save the credit of the party. The Banner, among other things says :
WILL REPAY INTENDING BUYERS,
O
It
A. HODGINS,
PROPRIETOR.

ner
E. HODGINS & SONS.
«
eSISSËI SS|e|5
3ft:7. rtfiiiï t J:;f:r£§: f ««.** ,
Kp'V.rf.'LnS.Z. B	IB3U». - -	Ijssa^^ss.”— B,lnJ- ""
EEHE^H Si ssrSSS U* rsLSV^I ==—
man who runs Sir. Wilfrid's government. j,|u"”,to *eeure-they are not the things when yotl CRH get IV remedy to
tliat the country expected—they are cvi*	a. •.	VV
taiuly not the things that will strengthen	It# I EX AS PLY JK.IL-
the Liberal party against the coming of LER will. It Call be had at II
¦'^rrirz.:,,	^	'
James Somerviile, M. P, and has alway* * “OHl been regarded ns one of the staunchest Grit organs in Western Ontario.
Shawville
Sash and Door Factory.
McCredie & Hudgins, Proprietors.
ÏÏ. PERRY
J
re.»
Texas Fly
Practical Tinsmith,
seven
has opened shop in the premises directly opposite tho Russell House, Shawville, Que., where he has on display a fine range of
\
?
Tinware, Agateware,
Stoves, etc.
>
The Winnipeg Commercial, under da*e of July 9 h, iitys:—The sta»e of wheat trade in this mai ket is still one of stagnation; there is no demand and scarcely sufficient business doing to determine values. A few cars have changed bauds during the week at 95c for No. 1 bind in store on Fort William. Yesterday pro
bally 93c could have been got, but tho«o I Six people were killed and a number prices are still several cents per bushel wound* d by a boiler explosion at Buffalo bel«-w export value.	| op Thursday last
check the demand somewhat and in con '	10 vne ang reformatory for In e
sequence trade in all lines was quiet, Pc ra*
with no material change in values to note. There i? an unconfirmed report of the The advance in peas noted yesterday has | drowning of Rev. Walter L. Lyon, the been fully maintained, in fact a sale J First Church of England missionary to of a round lot was made late yesterday | the Kiondyke
Smi„, o,OV,.w.,
over Clc today. Gate were quoted at 31c I	bf?n	‘•vleral days, «a8
iu the future for higher prices. S...r,e ,ltled ,,UiC de* a\be had beun actln8 small lots of rye are offering on the mar- ! etran8e,>' f'ir 60,116 11 "1P-ket, for which the demand is slow.
(
Special attention given to furnace work, hot water steam fitting, plumbing and roofing.
or
*
or
George Robitaille,
Agent, Radford, Q.
V
A CARRIAGE MAKER
t J" UIUHEST PRIVE PAID FOR HIDES AND PELTS,
Suffered ten years from weak heart action and nervousness.
Cured by Milburn’s Heart and Nerve Pills.
No trade or profession is exempt from disease or derangement of the heart and nerves. The pressure of work and the mental worry are bound to produce serious consequences sooner or later.
wnm ciow-T
ten
A Call Solicited
\
J
H. PERRY.
gTOVE TAL^
March 8, 98.
\

)

AfôMS FOR THE
• •v •e>e ^NDÏKÏ
When in need of a Capital Range or COOK STOVE at prices away down drop in and see the stock
carried at
nm
c
1 ^
%
in

Winnipeg, July 10*—The glowing ac-1 " counts of the condition of the crops in Manitoba must be modified someth t for the time being. The excessive rains of June and the succeeding hot weather have made the grain in miny parts sickly and the present prospects are for a light crop, though grain still has a chance to recover
......	.	.	, very considerably between now and bar-
likely to be given i, the English preco. | veet wlth favorable weather dent of having an appeal to the people after the passage of a new franchise measure. But the real reason for such a policy will be the anxiety of the government to escape the pressure for office which is now being exerted by its supporters. So far the administration has been able to withstand the pressure to the exfen* of limiting the appointments of ten. But the demand for positions by members wearied of the struggle and fearful for the results of another election is increasing and must be met by heroic measures.
Then, if the Quebec conference should result in a treaty of reciprocity at all f&v crable to Canada, Sir Wilfrid will not hr averse to making if an lVue at the poll* and getting all t ie lulus appe tain iog to its conclusion, ere the treaty tlnii run the gauntlet of the United States Congress which has a trenchant for veto* ing arrrngements made between the governments at Ottawa and Washington.


v
M

May go to the Country.
\


List Thursday's Ottawa Citizen says: — There is a rumor afloat to the effect that there will be a general election before an other meeting of parliar

CEO. E. mm


%
X '
.7
/
%
Mv<
The excuse
t
f

as v
&
hï

Mr. Donald Campbell, the well-known carriage maker of Harriston, Ont., said:
“I have been troubled off and on for ten years with weak action of my heart and nervousness. Frequently my heart would palpitate and flutter with great violence, alarming me exceedingly. Often I had sharp painsin my heart and could not sleep well at night. I got a box of Milburn's Heart and Nerve Pills and from them derived almost immediate benefit. They retRAde Marks I 8tored y‘tior niy nerves and strengthened Designs	my entire system ,removingevery symptom
Copyrights Ac. ! of nerve or heart trouble, and enabling me | a	,__s « Z
Anvonesending a sketch and description rosy to get restful, healthy sleep.H	Complete anil elegant
SSSSiSTcS^e IfIJS»'" ï!aaÜ ftnd ?erv* PiLu,oar! aortment of Tin and
tions strictly confidential. Handbook on Patenta palpitation, throbbing, dizzy and faint	A	*
“pZ'Z taken* ÎKnmik“MmmTd^'^lTe BPe'leJ n«»on.neM, sleeplessness weak-	AGATEWARE
TeSSftSF"—”----------------- ffWJKttfîS'ftîiSlfîtSS I constantl)r *** on hand.
^vNllllllv /imuivaile I druggists. T. MilburnACo ,Toronto,Ont.
Tinware Depot,
- - Shawville.
V
?
Main St
I
v
50 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE

r
•5
1

i
ti
»
Best
<
'AT ENTS
Lowest
Prices,
Marlin, Repeaters
have Solid Top*, shedding water like a duck s back. Our l'J7-p,iae look (lust out) telle all about them. I "p to-date Information about powders.black and kmoke-less; proper sizes, quantities, how to load ; hundreds of bullets, lead, alloyed. Jacketed, soft-nosed, mushroom,, etc. : trajectories, velocities,penetrations. All calibres a to 46 ; how to care for arms and _ 1,000other thin**. Including many trade T secrete never before given to the public. *V

Goods.

as


î
ut
For Prices on MARLINS, (any calibre) consult YOUR NEAREST DEALER

A handsomely illustrated weekly. Largest dr	_	_	_
eolation of any scientific Journal. Terms. $1 a , LAXA-LIVE H PILLS OUre Conatiprj-?aar: four months, $t Sold by nil newsdealers. lion, Biliousness, Slok Headache and
« JwrsJMtf* ISKS5-. K»,';r.aïwMr,"
G. B. Wainman,
Shawville, June 14, ’98.



9
###PAGE###5###
TSE WAS N EASING AN END Santiago Surrender».
Ik Z1?. ^ftiî ®* wr*te8i when it was seen mat the X izcaya w«« almost defeated, the
aauora of his turret scratched on one of
w,„,, tts&p “ fYR: --sa-sss
BïSSffipSSW». „	_
the terme and understanding that hie	-?   ËÆ	I I
troops shall be returned to Spain. Gen-	Wa. Murray Doad	l\ MMf) I	I I
eral Shafter will appoint commissioners to __	- I V	^^111/ I ¦
draw up tij* conditions of arrangements L Mp\ ,.?• Murray, of the firm of Mr.	I	"
for carrying out the terms of surrender. 1 \Jnd \v- Murray, Pembroke, died at	-- -
This is very gratifying, and General | Clifton Springs New York,, on Friday Shafter and the officers and mcu of his i aat* Mr. Murray was about 03 years of command are entitled to great credit for ***' and has b B since early manhood a	.
,A hot time is coming. In order DIRIM/CC f'ülïjnp keep cool have a look through Duûlimoù UiMlilîti,
< °yr. immense range of Swiss and	—
C stained muslins, precales, zeyphr
Sï« ?.ïïïtaS& 5*r.Vî, tïlTLS,1	ginghams and other washable fab-
****"“ $sg» A. mu*.	-correct stuff to make a com-
"tztzAr'"' “VrriSl“	ifortable, Copland fashionable dress
@»8BtftoSS8S
ibwsbisfs
ee=S^"^ Lu/66 them and you are sure to SILAS young-
ease®» ¦
HBSipsIeM
%'%pç^Ac=r:i ssr-îat- asti =
war is extremely bright.	I was schooled in the spirit of the Christian's
duty and was recognized as a man entirely ,T ,	__	^	.	free from any taint of bigotry
l nder Morrc Caatle, Harbor of San- prejudice
tiago de Cuba July 18. -At exactly 9 Mr. Murray's death is regarded as a o clock yesterday the Spanish flag was great loss to Pembroke and to the Upper lowered from the staff crowning the Ottawa generally.
heights upon which battered Morro Cast-	___ I Hot Winds may Damage Wheat la
3	¦“* totothr .	Manltol»
SœEEE Central Canada
:teE£H3«iEEBBEHE Efliti AacialM
MBfil
* Six ur seven tine steamers in the bar 1 '	1 Rc< Hog' Kee »1-00'
bor fall prizes to the army and navy.
The Spanish gunboat Alvarez had already been taken possession of by a prize ?from the New York, lie at the other end of the harbor, at Santiago proper.
McGuire, ttie Tailor.
u
a
it
it
u
u
tt
u
ti
tt
on
((
U
((
<6
a
1
l\ S.—Vnliiied Coats.

*
IlfE STOCK-JN-TRADE OF
Geo. A. Graham - -
¦ ¦ Starke’s Corners



(Signed)

CONSISTING OF A 0 MPLBTK RANGE OF



having been purchased by the under signed, he desires to inform the people of the surrounding country that he intends carrying on business in the premises, and by square dealing and strict attention tu the requrements of the public, he hopes to merit a continuance of the patronage extended to Mr. Graham.


same
mill $hf
G. F. HODG-INS,
—A N D—
Sami Point Ferry,
The Up-to-date Store.
—0
t. ntl 1 further notice, the undersigned, who has secured a good safe boat, will carry passengers and freight every day (Sundays except, d) between t be above name d places at the usual rates,-
Leaving Bristol Wharf at 8 a.m., A 4.30, p. m.
SaLd Bolin " 10 15 a.m.. Æ <5.45, p. m.
Special trips run when they will not Interfere with the regular.
SPANISH FLAG HAULED DOWN.
GEORGE BALLANTINE
Bristol, April 251, ls98.
or mean

?
Cray’s 1 ## Syrup
IS of Red
! com^b8^: Spruce
m
:

8
2



very serious
some
Eleventh Annual
Iiproni MtMli Pigs exhibition
For Sale.	OTTAWA, ONT,
SEPT. 16 ™ 24, ’98.
Gum
Î chitis,
î throat,
« '
Sore etc.
# KEARV, WATSON A CO
Montreal
*
ir
PATENTS
HENRY T. McDOWELL,
Lot 4 6 R. CJarmdon
i
Mining at Rosaland.
OVER ONE THOUSAND MEN WORKING IN I	_
! HEAD THIS! r
TSSSWâ-h^F^E 3Ssss«!'^ ffiSSSSBBI
Write and tell us you are open for an offer I constructed and enlarged and we will make you a proposition you will '	" *
want to accept.
Over $75,000
July 4, '93
PROMPTLY SECURED
i crew The other vessels
Association, Assoc. Member Can.
$100,000. The work is to be completed within three months.
Why Dewey Won
pss^Hs^HsSsb!*:N55&S5E8-- "
tides roll in with great high waves, which I 'V® haye tbe lar8e,t """eriea in the swamp all boats that cannot get to the Dominion.
shore. To this fact the large number of „ e bolh. “'“I?0* commission, fatalities reported is due.	XV e engage either whole or part time
men.
We guarantee all our stock.
We furnish purchasers with certificates from Government Inspector, stating our stock is free from San Jose Scale.
Our nurseries comprise over 700 acres, and growing stock in large quantity enables us to sell at the closest possible flgure.
Men succeed with us who have failed
with OTHERS.
It will cost you nothing to learn what we can do for yon.
Don’t write unless you mean business and want profitable employment.
DR.

y FOWLER'S B
EXT-ÜF i
WILD
STRAWBERRY
> *
WaâB
M:,
f
VJ

The tank is
Evening Entertainment
as usual. Magnificent Spectacu* ular : ‘‘The Siege of Delhi” every night with fireworks, and .. .all specialties performing...,
Special Low Bates on all lines of travel.

CURES
Remember the Maine
the Indiana’s men sent a shell so
MARKED INTO THE VIZCAYA.
DIARRHOEA,


DYSENTERY
AND
### ##2
the naval battle off Santiago, a shell from	1
ono of the forward 13 inch gnne.	Livar Oonmlalnt
,«Jii“lii'eùL*tbroi?ôîéV?h! t.:.»fBJ5«5J|LS—!S°S£oSJSir
•» ïïïïs, sSf >¦“«''sysN-so-r*
»
SUMMER
COMPLAINT.

morn
I
Price 13c. at all druggists.
ncruac «usinruru,
was
Eor all particulars address
W
THJY arc
We Hatcbisoc, M.P., E. McMahon,
i Secretary 26 Spark»;St.
OANOEROUI
President.
i




###PAGE###6###
is not s single cloud on the sky ; but	Man the 1 life-boat.! Pull, nijr lads, (At this part of Mr. Talma**'* aer-	until	nature'* strain has been aome-
suddeiily lue breeze freshens, and	pull,I A steamer with two hundred on mou a noise occurred which diaturlied	what	rased. An angel. A messenger,;
there ure swift feet on t ho vat lines. un<t 11 oard making the lnat plunge !"	Why	the whole congregation.) What I are	apparently	supernatural.	Arise and
the cry is: " Way, haul away there!	does your rheck turn pale, und	your	you mo afraid when there Is no danger	eat. 4. God's people always	find their
DR. TALMÀGE PREACHES	ON THE t,ut before they can square the lax mis	heart innind until, listening, you	hear	at all f Will the slamming shut of a	real needs	met by his care.
HELPLESSNESS OF MEN.	and tarpaulin the hatchways, the ves-	it f It is because, my dear brother, you	window startle six thousand souls?	6. A cake	haken on the ooale. A round
mel is groaning and creaking in the	realize that because of your lifetime	Would to God that you were as cauli-	flat rake, cooked by lifting put between
grip of a tornado, and falls over into	sin and rejection of God's mercy you	ous alsmt eternal perils as you are	healed atones laid in embers of achar-
t he trough of the sea. and broadside	are in (>erll, audit really believe there	shout the i>erila of time. If that slight	coal fire. Cruse of water. Ajar or hot*
rolls on U> the bench and keel* over,	are thousands of people in this house	noise sends you to your feet, what will	tie. At him head. At his pillow,
te* by the Sudden Sweep era iemp«i	loilvjng ( |u, Crexv t<> struggle in th”	t his moment saying w ithin themselves:	you do w hen the thunders of the Inst	which was very likely a stone. He
I"#w ¦¦••pis Hheuld Lite io	merci] es* surf. Cast away 1 cast away!	I "What shall I do f" I)of Do' NX hy.	day roll through earth and sky. and	did eat and drink, and laid him down
1	Vint su 1 have to tell you that there	my brother, do what any ship does	the mountains come down in avalanche	again. He i* so utterly exhausted in
thousand* of men destroyed when it is in I rouble. Lift, a distress! of rock? You cry out for the safety mind and body that he cannot even A despatch from Washington says:	through t he sudden swoop of tempt a-	signal. There is a flush and n boom,	of your hotly; why not cry out for the	eat all he requires, but lakes a little
Dr Ta linage nreach*,1 f mm the follow-	t ions. Some great inducement to world-	I 1 oil listen and you look. A vessel is	safety of your soul? You will have	and returns to sleep, while God and
.	,	line**, or sensuality, or to high tern-	In trouble. I he distress gun is sound-	to pray sometime , why not liegin now.	his angel pntienlly wait,
lug text; Lest that i> an\ i «	• per or to some form of dissipation, odv.ot a roeket binent up, ora blanket while all the ri|>e and purple clusters 8. Arose. From Inn sleep under t ne
when 1 have preached toothers,	1	myself	comes upon them. If they had time to	is hi tod. or a bundle of rags—-anything I of Divine promise liend over into your	Juniper tree (verse 4). His bodily wear-
should	be a castaway."—1.	Cor.	ix.	27.	examine their Bible, if they had time	to catvli the eye of the passing craft, jcup rather than postpone your prayer	incss	is gone. Strength of that meat.
MiniHt*rs of religion mix finally he lo consult with their friends, if they ™ '* y<\u want to Is* taken off the until your chance is |*asl, and the How like the bread sent us from hea-‘	1 u	g ‘	. .	, had time to deliberate, they could wteck of your sin. you must lift a dis- j night drops, and the sea washes you ven (John (Î. 35). "Christ which stren-
lost. 1 he npostl* m the etxt i ,k stand it; but the temptation came so t iks* signal. Hise. Lift you hand. ( ry out. and for ever, and for ever, and for gtheneth me" (Vhil. 4 13). Forty days. + that possibility. Gown, and surplice, suddenly a—eu roc I v don on the 31 edit- out for mercy. Ine publicani lifted i he ever< you become a cast a xx ay f	(lore bwa* not over thirteen days'
mm# E:SEEiEpEil|™£ iiiii
=f f iï ilpEEEilUll ::	~
sBSzBIi ! ####...............................................................
^ 'ni ,not	h ^oon.Ms i There wm an ôl.l «iïtor thumping
through thv aamo gate ot pardon as	¦'lT’ 1 h'lt coats, the	. ' «lout In » small boat in a tempest. The
miss it. Thv re have been eases of ship- tie the parted et rands. How often t <tff m jif(. ll|l|t tlmt it ,|light soon
* ,b;'t men Perish for the reason that ovel. Jftnd , thought aolnfwh:«t imlis-tlie temptation ,unies from some un- „n.-tly aljolrt ,»y friend, on shore, and
prearhed to others. , my.H	^	,f
winds; hut the wind changing to the UJ| wheR , s|lw *,iright star
v“•1	i'So^h, eru 'zMzz&rL'T - —•	^ -  
-	, niercy upon those upon whom comes and it seemed to take right hold otf me,; »nd her ruinous influence, on the na-
have crossed the ocean, borne ot >ou	t h« sudden woo,, of templet ion, tlmt	au<| ^mehow. 1 cannot tell how it was.	lion. The nation	was	all with	her day I phets
have managed vessels in great stress	they peri-sh	not, becoming foi th,{M	but .somehow, while I was trying to	More vesUrdiLv
of weather. There is a sea-captain! and j uolld 1,1	1 ^v‘ x^0l t 1(1 voule* t ls watch tha* star, it seemed to help me
there is another and yonder is another,	Hy talking	with Hors I hive found	TOUl.'eeeyou^ot thTgt tamerbetween	message she sent	was	practical	banish
and there a goodly number of you who.	out also that	some vessels come to this	^ rifLs ()f tht, atorm„r,t)ud * Would	ment	MM
though once you did not know the dif- calamity through sheer recklessness. (0 that that light might lav hold
There are three million men who follow the sea for a living. It is a simple 11 fact that the average of human life	stem.
sprit-sheet-sa il knot, and although you on t he sea Ls less than twelve years. When .suddenly a star arose, could not point out the weather-cross! IhU comes from the fart that men jt xvils the star of IBethleliem !
>k b,.«	Uiuugii...
min lin ilia HIS ii»i
hooks of steel, and blindfold them, and ()f excited thousands, that boat was j si tiered the queen's authority. *!«	/, !! j? Tlv,i h?,l lJ*n i’IiiflhN
«SHSH SSSkâissmlF:
ogfy. Drifting in their habita. Drifting night mf a grander lnuneliiiig ami from the Jewish wor.hu*-rs of Jehovah, and taught hw disciples a similar Imsod in regard to all the future. No God. ^he dry-docks t*f heaven. Word came concluded that Jehovah's cause was >x l‘*n ,	^ r « r* aV<>Wr k ,JU 1 8
net,::":' s«h;	srS*:T7r*™ r^ V“'!fvr,:i " ^
ing nearer and nearer lo a dangerous ,lte1 ar heaven the life-boot of the lo laUor a”d t,gllt th,in lt 18 lo learn glory of the Lord. Shekmah was not coast. Some of them are on fire with world's redemption was launched. It lu wult- Many men. like Elijah, strug- 1,1 tb‘,' hosts of the angels of t lie wind, evil habits, and t hey shall burn on shoved off the golden sands amid angel- glo heroically and successfully, and in î‘^c" lrue glory of the Loni is not
sr.sx^.tÿru'K finta: &sss« StsxiA ssrz ‘s.—-8..1- T,——	10
Many of them xxitli great troubles, fi- and it comes in sight to-night, It	'ti n oua fone, mo: a I	( ou i age, and I jo. A still	small	voice.	Literally,	"a
nuncial troubles, domestic troubles, comes'for you, it comes forme. Soul!	faith in God necessary	to endurance. | sound of soft	stillness." Just	the gen-
social troubles; but they never pray soul! get	into it. Make one leap	for	It is	the last quarter	of	an hour	of	tie, peaceful, comforting voice needed
for comfort. With un aggravation of heaven.	This is your last chance	for	evAr	t	h,	n	t	,	r	.	by his wounded heart. To him it was
sin that stirs up the ire of God, they life. Let that boat go past, and there ;	'	u o a re8j. ,inc| consolation—perhaps noth-
pray for no pardon. They do not steer remains nothing hut fearful looking- | Beoia moa, which belongelh to Judah. Lng more; but to us, favored by furfur the light-ship that dances in, glad- | for of judgment, an l fiery indignation , Iteersheba wan nearly one hundred th^r revelation, it lights up I he fact ness at the mouth of Heaven's harbor; which shall devour the adversary. 1 miles south of Jezreel, and stood ut that "the law was given by Moses.
reckless as to where they come out, 1 am expecting that there will l>e the extreme southern limit of PaJes- l,ut fi^ace and truth come by Jesus
drifting further from God, furt her xx ho le families here to-night who	will	.	 __ .	.	.	.	.	.	Christ." John 1. 17.
from early religious influences, fur- get into	that life-boat. In	1833 Ilti*	on	l“e	e(ige	a ^renl	desert.	It	ig heard, and recognized it
ther from their present happiness,	the Isabella came ashore off Hustings,	was separated from Jezreel not merely	as the voice of God. Mantle.	His	up-
further from heaven, and xx bat is, t he	England. The air was filled with	by miles, but by national lines, and	per garment—a sort of cloak	or cape,*
worst thing about it is, that they are sounds—the hoarse sea trumpet, the was part of the kingdom of Judah, perhaps made of untanned sheepskins, taking their families along with crash of the axes, and the bellowing of	Left his servant there.	(1) Solitude is His face
them, end if one perish, perhaps they j the tornado. A l>oat from the shore	often helpful in hours of mental and i Uxve
will all i>erish,	and the way one goes,	came under the stern	of the disabled	moral strain. (2) Strength and weak-	cave must have been larger than that
the probability	is they will all go.	vessels. There were	xvomen and chii-	ness lie close together in the cliarac-	now shoxvn as the "Cave of Elijah."
Yet no anxiety. As unconscious of dren cm board tVat vessel, ters of the greatest men.	:	15. Go. return. Active service is the
danger as the passengers on board Some of the sailors jumped in- 4. Went a day's journey into the beat cure for discouragement. Wilder-the Arctic one moment before the j to the small boat and said: "Nowr give I wilderness. A desert of gravel, now | ness. Probably the region iwtween .	.	..	.	Vesta crashed into her. Wrapped up us the children." A father who stood called Et Tib, which stretches for un- j Rashan and Damascus Anoint We
ing saw it, and made up Ins mind that	ju	t ^ie business of the store, not re-	on deck took his first-born and threw	counted miles eastward and southward,	have no record of the anointing of
h» was not anywhere near the shore.	mpmher|ng that soon they must quit	him to the boat. The sailors caught	westward also, from Beereheba. It	either Hazael or Jehu by Elijah It mav
lor be said.	a xessel tù<it	all	tjr earthly possessions. Absorbed	him safely, and the next, and the next,	was not safe, he thought, to remain	I have been done in secret as in the case
must be a vessel lor it has a movable	in	their ^Svxl position, not knowing	to the last. Still the sea rocking, the	even in the kingdom of Judah, for the	of David, or left to hi!s successor
he had no apprehension un- that very soon they will have attend- storm howling. "Now," said the sail- kingdoms of Israel and Judah were "Anoint" should probably not lie tak-til h"	heard	the	rocks giatiug	<>n the	ed the last levee, and whirled in the	ors, "now the mother;" and she leaped,	now friendly. Sut down under a juni-	en literally but means appoint
ships	bottom,	and	it	went	to	pieces,	|ast æhottische. They do not deliher-	and was saved. The boat went to the	per tree. A brown ugly shrub, which !	if,. Jehu the son of Nimsiii	that	ia
and the villians on sb »re gathered up	ateiy choose to he ruined; neither did	shore; hut before it got to the shore	grows where nothing else will grow,	the grandson see	2 Kings	9	21	Jehu
8ltolrVeershak™gBTts Un tern anT men	lVi[a are 80 uugmented’ the chances	night that a great many of the fami-	done	Elijah was brave. 2. Nervous ,	Lord.	Ho probably knew the place and
snore,	snasing	ils	muie n	ana	men	of escape are so	few, you will die just	lies here are going to	lie saved, and	exhaustion—natural revulsion aifiter a	the man verse 19 20 AbelmehoUh
look oft	and	take	(hat	flickering and	^ certainly as	you sit there, unless	saved all together. Give us that child	day of mighty effort and strain. 3.	meaning "The field of the dance " must
and ?hf cnCu“*Heavegthe main to,^	Jounelt. I fear, my bro- for Christ, that other child, that other Loneliness. Note how often Elijah have been in the Jordan valley not fa,
an.,	18 • . , A r, • ,ûe Ii m v	ther, you are becoming a castaway.	Give us the mother, give us (he father,	said.	1 am alone." 4. Apparent fail-	from	Bethsheun
sai l to the mast Î Ail is well I xvhen	you are making no effort, you are	the whole family. They must all come	ure.	His apparent success had vanish-
sudden destruction comet n upon i hem, j pitting forth no exertion for es- in. All heaven wades in to help you. ed into thin air. His thought is, "All
and they shall not escape. >o there are cape. You. throw out no oar. You take I claim this whole audience for God. is lost,; let me die all kinds of lanterns swung on the
A DARK NIGHT AT SEA
feMfU Wrecked by liilif l.lghl* «« tl« Bruch-They ..........» go lo the llol*
Hennin Shipwreck 4 Sermon It or III Krutlltsu.
i IN
V
not figuratively, but literally, broken. O, ministers of Christ, because we have diplomas of graduation, and hands of ordiuAf Ion on the head, an I address consecrated assemblages, that is no reason why we shall necessarily reach the realm celestial. The clergyman must go
Probably in n night
All'll» I vision which may continue until the Ixxwed in t urn to the strong-willed pro- | thirteenth verse. It is immaterial
whether the wind earthquake, sad fire were real or only a vision ; the teach* All that Elijah had done. The sacrifice, i,ig i.s the same. / What doeet thou
I he answer by fire, the slaughter of I hert\f "A question of tender kind-
lh„ priests, and the prayer for raill ne^, to leHeve (he uull, hurdened heart ......	,	..	.	. of the prophet, that he might pour out
1,0 had HlajU u11 Ihe prophets. Most of | his xvhole ,hwirt before the Lord."-
these prophets had probably been imported from Sidon and Tyre, and were therefore countrymen of Jezebel ; an
came
I
Menken
10. Jealous. Not for hie own honor, -glory, or advantage, but for the Lord. Who can now say that truly i Israel. Like David and Paul, Elijah held Israel tin his heart next to God. Tor-
1'be finest down-
wreck, xvhere all on board escaped, excepting the captain. Alas! if having
attack on them was an attack on lier
2. Then Jezebel sent a messenger un
<o Elijah. The strength of this worn-I sake u thy covenant
while I ward step. Thrown down thine alters. After forsaking God’s covenant the next step is to neglect his service and overthrow bis altars. Slain thy proHa tied of good, and murder follow naturally. See the history of the Horulsh Church Hero Elijah oversteps the truth vvi.se IS and 1 Kings 18.	4.
If her choice had hern to kill [seemed to him that he was alone in his
Seek my life.
be a castaway We are u seaboard town all stood on the beach Many of you
Hod forbid it
Ihe
tn commands our respect, even
it is all against her
I only am left
to-day ; but she does not waver. The
:
(See
•But it
Elijah, she would not have notified him | j^t^ïvvi h^Vai'ed*death see verso 4
hut it was llie t'iiImination of Israel’s in terror, he would probably lose his j Bn. So afterward they sought to kill
let I Jesus,
tlanity, there has never been lacking a persecution of tho e who have preached re|H‘ntanee and faith with zeal and eur-
df you to-night.	.	_	, ,	,	, .
"Death struck 1 ceased the tide to beforehand. If she could make him fl>
fere nee between a brig and a barque and between a diamond knot and
)
influence with t he people the gods do. She does nut appeal to
Behold Jehovah great wind, . . Though God
there is a dark mghu iu your memory of the sea. The vessel became unman-
ageable. You saw it was studding to-1 they wards lh - shore. You heard the cry
"Breakers ahead I Laud on the lee bowl” The vessel struck the ruck, and you fell the deck breaking up under your feet, and you were a castaway, as when the Hercules drove on the coast of Caffranu, as when the Portuguese brig went staving, splitting, grinding, crashing on the Goodwins. But whether you have followed the sea or not, yuu all understand the figure when 1 tell you that there are men. who. by their sins and temptations, are thrown helpless 1 Driven before the gale! Wrecked for two worlds 1 Vast away ! cast- away 1
By talking with some sailors, 1 have found out that there are three or four causes lor such a calamity to a vessel. , 1 have been told that it sometimes comes from creating false lights on the I beach. This was so often so in olden times. It is not many years ago, indeed that vagabonds used to wander up and down the beach, getting vessels ashore in the night, throwing up false lights La their presence and deceiving them, that they might desjoil and ransack them. All kinds of infernal arts were I used to accomplish this. And one niglit, f on the Cornish coast, when the sea was i coming iu fearfully, some villiana took ! a lantern and tied it lo a horse, and ! led the horse up and down the beach, I the lantern swaying to the motion of I the horse and a sea-captain iu the off

i
\

)
J
An instinct of reverence and Stood in the entering in
The
\
i/
HE WAS PUZZLED
The entire story
no soundmirs. You watch no compass. ! I pick not out one man here not one I is in accord with the deepest principles beach-philosophical lanterns, eduea- You are not calculating your hearings i man there: I claim this whole audience at mental and physical science tuonal lanterns, humanitarian lanterns.
Men look at them and are deceived, when there Is nothing hut God’s eler-
¦That man lia a ;puzzle to me. said I am the physician, thoughtfully
while the wind is abaft, and yonder for God. There are some of you who, not better than my father^ His con- n't the faintest idea what he is worth is a long line of foam hounding the thirty years ago were consecrated to science upbraids him (for his ow n un- What difference dons,"that make ? horizon, and you will be pushed on: Christ by your parents in baptism, -faithfulness, cowardice, and irrésolu- Why, I don’t know how much to nal light.-house ol the Gospel that can toward it, and thousands have per- Certainly I am not stepping over the tion. He judges himself as he judges charge him‘for my services. If he is keep them from becoming castaways, iahed there, and you are driving in j right bound when I claim you for others, and Ueoides that he is not inside of a hundred thousand I want Once, on >> old brag light house, t hey the same direction. Ready about I Jesus. Then there are many here w ho worthy of prolonged life. 3. How to make a reason®file charge, as a tried to build a copper figure of a 0oWn helm 1 Hard down; or in 1 he I have been seeking God for a good while, good it is that God does not answer practicing physician, but if he is worth wolf, with its mouth open, so hat the next five minutes four minutes, three Jesus. Then there are some our mistaken prayers I	more than that the proper thing to
storms beating into it, the wolf would minutes, or two minutes, or one min-| Jrsus. Then there are some 5. He lay and slept. The needs of do ils to call myself a specialist and howl forth the danger to mariners that ute you may % castaway. O, un- here who have been further away. I his physical nature—rest and nourish- make the price to suit, might he coming anywhere near the forgiVen soul, if you could see your saw you come in to-night in clusters ment—God I#rat supplies. The const Of course it was a failure. And peril before God to-night on account I —two, three, and four men together— thoughtful, sympathetic Christian will
so all new inventions for the saving Qf yOUr lifetime sin and transgres- and you drink, and you swear, and are oiften observe men and women of strong	DESIRABLE.
of man s soul are unavailing. \\ hat the ah>n, there would he fifty men who bringing up your families without any affections who are suddenly bereaved She to grocer—Shall I oi»n *n human race wants is a light bursting would rush through this aisle crying I God to take care of them when you are by death or plunged into some other count or do vou prefer to have ,m. forth from the cross standing on the for mercy, and they would 1 dead. And I claim you. my brother; I unmeasured suffering. They are in for what I get f	^
great head-lands—the light of pardon, he as men are when they rush claim all of you. You will have to such physical and mental condition the light of comfort, the light of heav- arrass the deck al a foundering ship. ,come to-night to the throne of mercy,	they cannot at iflirst exercise	the faith
and there would be thousands of arms	God's Holy Spirit Is striving now	in God that they really	possess
tossed up Ifrom the galleries; and as with vou irresistibly. Although there wise (friends sometimes do harm by these Christian men rose up to help	may fie a smile on your lip, there is	urging them to
them, it would be as when a vessel	agitation and anxiety In your heart,	ienees that (they
drives on the rocks, and on the shore	You will not come at my invitation;	ly and . mentally
tiie command id ; "Man the liife-hoat f you will oome at God's command.	(God's plan is beat.
I have-
s

ae-
G racer— Both mad am
en
Un
A SUMMER REFLECTION.
The center of this earth is hot,
Our comfort would be greater If nature changed her plan and gof A big refrigerator.
By talking with sailors. I have heard also, that sometimes ships come to this calamity by the sudden swoop of a tempest. For instance, a vessel is sailing along in the East Indies, and there
assume are
unable to bave Lot them wait
exper
physical



,
###PAGE###7###
W.WAVM
Agricultural!
MMMMWMMWd. | ®lueberyr Puddling- One plot milk, rangement of window dr&iteriee In
$ 2 l'rfg.s, 1 milt-spoon, aalh, 1-4 teaspoon room* in daily uw.	i
HOUSEHOLD. Il ES	SSr =* - '
enough l/lour to make a I; hick I fatter.
One pint 'floured blueberriee d irred in at Lhe last. likiil 1 hour in a buttered mold.
very bad for hngs In cool weather. Tt ahrorhs too uiuch animal brat. Milk is cooling as a drink, and almost indis-penaahle in raining pigs.
KILLING TEE CURRANT WORM.
Tn small gardens and yards where only a few currant bushes are grown the worms are now stripping them of their foliage. Although the fruit is in
SELECTING DAIRY COWS
ROW TO PREVENT SUNIBURN
SUMMER HOUSEWORK
In selecting a dairy cow, any» Prof. Haecker, we should try to obtain an animal with u dished face, prominent, lively eye, long body, deep through the middle with thin neck, light shoulders, prominent. hip*f>nnes, high pelvic arch, thin thighs, with high arching flank, 4 giving plenty of room for a good udder, which should extend well forward, and well out and high behind, giving long and broad surface attachment, to the body, with good-sized teats, well placed ; the legs should be short and clean, and there should be ample heart and lung room. It may be interesting to explain what Is meant by certain of the points named. For instance, why do we call for a dished face in a cow f
Just now it is almost impossible to avoid becoming sun burned iiZ one is out a/ doors much. And although wo are as caretful as possible, the disfiguring (frecklesand tan will show themselves.
It is almost mid-summer's day and the lust days of June In-fore the housekeeper is compelled to regulate her i To protect carpets, clothes and y raws ripe or almost so. the rav-	work If or hultry weather. June le pro- cloth-covered furniture, furs, etc.,they
T" , “ d he checked at once so that	verHally the month of roses and of should I» thoroughly beaten, shaken.
iHiÿfiE-î	Ü|“
apply is hellebore dusted on the loaves ^uaHy accomplished with all the in- , spring, either in April, May or Juno, An excellent way al preverFing sun-
™ mzz rrt, îssb; ir .r.
Or the fioison may be put on as a spray.	traT^' are ninths W*IPD eveiy contnv- consideration to remove the eggs or	solving ten grains of ijorax	and	one
Dissolve one ounce of hellebore in three |	a,l°® must I* resorted .to to lessen the I young jûrvac which might eacape no-	drachm df alum, in a pint of	rain	wa-
an<* mual!le.	**«« thoroughly cleaned and if new- vent tiun,)lim an(, w i 11 tend to bleach
A kitchen detached l/rom'the main '	' fi'	^ tJ H|Uf If| evHrt 14 ve,*y dark skin.
f z,"r, % : '= =:	j	xeïiH rSSftSxrSaS
This is	the reason.	The	dishing of	the	and there is danger of their going dry,	mer, and may lie advantageously used , month during summer, brushed, and if	known >f>r k,„ .,in r fhe *kin	fair	and
face is	caused	by	the	prominence	of	mean out and deepen until convinced	months W the vear The chimney nm<fftt,ry' ex,,ofled to the sunlight. It	clear ,u tu
5 rr rs m M SsSS&ssc - rs ïscmï feSSksSH
A j furs by wrapping them tightly in t;lj!lJv iflip]e ,.nr>ugh to deserve at kitchen chimney passing through .the | stout paper or inclosing in well-made ie<wU ,A
bags of cotton or linen cloth or strong
PROTECTION FROM MOTIIS
There are many simple remedies at
we may reduce tbia
V
DEEPENING WELLS
ko a handl/ul of freshly
strong nervous temperament. By a
strong nervous temperament we mean
a large supply of nerve force, and this in cement, so that contaminated sur-1 on the ht one of the moat necessary things	water cannot reach the household
a cow must have if she does large dairy I "upply. Much sickness can he traced . .	,	,
work. Another good indication of the to impure water. Special attention n<mse tuples valuable room, and is nervous temperament is a strong, rug- ought to be given to having it pure, j usually a cause otf annoyance during at
ged backbone, rising well above the |	- least eûx months in the year. In sum-
wit hers, with the ribs set, well apart. WEEDS IN SMALL GRAIN FIELDS, mer It often renders two or more r< oms
the*1 row' | witVncxioul Ccds.^hTtCn'sZw |	th I	Ad frL Z ^	' ^epuùi^. Uke'u rlegglnd mUk
Is an indication of an extra large mar- | attention after harvest. Before the j 10^t, affects the atmosphere of all the 6fl	twlj,.e	wjth ,twu	(‘VRn teaspoomul’	Wlih	great relish,	says a	writer.	fJhe
row, which shall furnish an abundant, weef^8 can ;n the stubble ground I u['j.T1 'y%m.s in tin* house.	otf	baking	powder.	Make a hollow	in	«*gg	was	first	placed	in	a	cup,	the
I SSI ¦Pliiii ill
mgggm........................::™:............mÊmM -
tained in the pelvis. Milk-breeding and The London Spectator questions	an oil 01 gasoline stove should pp,th. Lay the roly-|xdy in a steamer
g###
and ns an inclination to that end we wntgr visited a hairdresser a shop	away the odors of cooking, m well m	which has boiled away, and turn the	moving it	up	an I down until every
call for a pronounced pelvic arch The in Ireland, and was offered a bottle of	' , . 1 • . , 11 >(of such a kiiitchen	j)Ul|tjjli r Quic*klv Let it steam half
m..." w- îSShfS;sssme~« ,JL
all others, ought to be deeply inter- ! efl*	!	,	, I here should lie a ventilât- ei| (jplc.(.t|y Af| |*,iijnr water. Turn it tie bru<h. A fier all soi lu re is remov-
ested in its study.	I " Oh,” replied the man, "it’s grand ^ 01 a «hallowair chain »er dir- ¦ ;ij>so once in tk.lt (..l8C Und when it is ed, rinse in clear warm water. Allow
stuff. If» ft sort of mttltuin tn parvo.	end* “** ‘°	^l-tlone. It need not cook in boiling	it torlri,, for a few	minutes,	.hen
Experiment, have been made to aa-|Th, ,eaa you take of it. the better.»	If there is a cellar kitchen or "cold	££ %ve a wifha rirh'heud sauce”	P% the crow/over"	a tx.wl	pah "“r
Celtic fancy has been described as a I !K,m ,1161 *7 uru*ei ,h,‘ main kit- Cherry Pde.—The simpler a cherry pie any article t hat matches it in shape nptod to the small home dairy. The • reaction against the despotism of | '	^b«	;c d;.shcs.m,iy be pn pared, or can made the better it is. Line a	and when	this	is dry press the brim,
Oondn cheese, made of new milk, seem* fact.» An extravagant statement gives	e cooked over a" re thé arrangements	tin PîcPlate with Plain crast and Vut	^nir the	tare	iron upon 'he wrong
land, hut by a somewhat different pro- torical society was surely the happier	' ' °r u ««‘' ossary to a summer	uaually a fK.un(l the whole world	coat of shoe dressing
cess from the one used here. While for the extravagance of his statement	without tiL and other annoying™ to	«round.»It will require more than
, concerning the fact that in China a sects by the use of wire screens at .	isteUer to stone
AN hen it has stood long enough to lose man condemned to death can easily hire th<> windows and doors.	the limit. Mix with it however, every
its animal heat, warm to 90 degrees F. L substitute to die for him.	I Ls aT^at'heh, to “the^hOTsikerne/ d'ot Pu‘Uc that can l,e silv,:d frum ,
using sufficient rennet to cause co-1 -And j believe," the debater went Hml in that raj. the Joking of a large the stoning. Mix in also, about a | Mall grrvlr, Thr.„,gl,.„,l It. Fmplre In.
. , p . . ,
insert the front finger at an angle of way »	___ pie from three-quarters of an hour to s.vstem in the ] ersian Empire under
45 degrees until it touches the curd. Indeed, words are not quick enough WAVq OF QFRViVtt mr itpr^rptpg	minutes.	| Cyrus the Elder, but it is clear that
If on withdrawal the curd breaks clean in Ireland to express the rushing1 WAYh Ut	LNU itiLLEItLRRILS
ftcroes, with few or no bits attached, thoughts of this active-minded peas-it is ready to cut. Divide with a knife antry. When Doctor NValsh, the Arch-untii the size is that of an average bishop of Dublin, visited a remote vil-wheat kernel. Stir gently five minutes, I age in his diocese, an old woman hob-then gradually increase the heat un- | bled up to him and exclaimed til 100 to 104 degrees is reached, con-
coldest days otZ winter
paper
GIVE EGGS TO BABIES.
I hive seen a small baby of a few
ROLY-POLY
TO CLEAN STRAW HATS
filk-r is wet, then lift it from the n at-Lav it ii-ion a Ward or table, and
er
certain what kind of rh“ese is best ad
fresh from the cow the milk is aerated
POST ROADS IN OLD ROME.
e<|iialle«l 1»> «n> An* I# n# Male
We find the first recorded postal
Bomb of all the ancient States possessed the best organized system ol transmitting letters thrugh its num-well|eroua Provinces. All along .the great Homan roads houses were erected at a distance of five or six miles from each
At each of these stations 40
(Blueberry Biscuits—Take 1 quart.1; of flour and sift into it 2 teaspoons bok-
FURNITURE MEDICINE
"The secret of never wanting new things is to keep the old ones mended,” said a wise housekeeper, as she exhibited the shelf where she kept
mg powder and 1-2 teaspoon salt. Mix; well, then add 1-4 cup butter and pour your | into the mixture a scant pint of sweet
Add 3-4 cup molasses into which 1-2 teaspoonful soda has been
Wish», now that I’ve seen
stantly stirring as the temperature I lordship, ye may die and the Lord | milk rises. Drain or dip off the whey, leaving be praised
the curd firm bat not too dry. Press The same clergyman, meeting apar-by the double handful firmly into the Lshioner who was much addicted to hoop, until full, then put on cover and drink, insisted that he should take the | pint or more of blueberries press lightly an hour. Remove from the pledge press, and put around it a band of | temptation cloth long enough to lap a little ; and
** other
what she called "furniture medicine There we re tins of different colors of I horses were constantly kept, and by
paints and enamel, brushes of several | 1 help of relays it was easy to tia\eJ
100 miles in a day.
These services were intended for the
•H
stirred, smoothing but little. Add 1
9:i r
sizes, a bottle of liquid gilt; some good glue, and remnants of all the
different kinds of wall itaper. A hand-1 State only, it being imj>erative to] some six-leaved Japanese screen had cure the rapid interchange of official been bad 1 y mutilated by a careless ! communications. In the time of housemaid, so that two of its panels Julius Caesar the system was so well were unsightly. She patched the gash- j organized, that of two letters the es carefully with court plaster, and great soldier wrote from Britain to with a box of water colors and the | Cicero at Rome the one reached its des-liquid gilt so concealed the patches | ti nation in twenty-six days and the that it was as good as new. A some-[other in twenty-eight days. Private what top-heavy Ixut sturdy little boy I citizens had to trust to the services of made a seat of the handsome Chinese slaves, and it is not until the end of porcelain umbrella jar, when down • the third century that we hear of the came l>oth boy and jar, the latter in I establishment	of	a	postal	system	for
Itilueberry Cake—One	pint	si'ibed	a dozen pieces. It was not therefor i private	persons	by	the	Emperor	Dio-
One absolutely genuine saying comes ^)our teaspoon sail:, 2 even tea- discarded, but piecing it with the cletian, but how long this system re* To salt the cheese, make a saturated from a recent tourist in Ireland. It	1U Min hllf,.nr greatest care with cement, a brush | mained history does not say.
solution of brine, and float the cheese was a notice posted in a pleasure-boat ‘	‘	^	\ was dipped in liquid gilt and cover-
in it	from	five	to	eight	days,	turning	belonging	to.a steamship	company.	l“- CUP sugar, 1 egg, yolk and	white	ed ap the cracks, which, from their
every day	and	sprinkling	a	little	salt	" The	chains	in	the.	cabin	are	for the beaten separately, 1 cup	miilk,	1	heap-	zig-zag directions, really added to its
over the top. After removing from the ladies. Gentlemen are requested not to ing cup blueberries. Mix flour, salt Oriental appearance.
brine turn onge a day the first month, make use & them until the ladies are and baking powder and sift. Rub the	__ I The (following story is about a man
or if kept two months twice a week, seated.”	butiter to a cream, add sugar and beat	'from Klondike who found something
and once a week the third month. The	im.	ag.uin. Add yolk, well beaten. Chen	DECORATIVE DON’TS.	too warm (for him. His name was Fin-
curing room should be cool, a little	*	the miilk. H:ir this into the flour and	iA	, negnn and he had l>egun liife poor. Now
dampness will be beneficial than oth- AN EXPERIENCED COUPLE. lieat thoroughly. Add the white beat- Don t put borders on carpets for, he was rich for the time being,
erwise. During the midsummer months , h	u fujjv appreciate the fact en «^iff and lasldy the berries, which small rooms.	| thought nothing too good for him
the making of this cheese requires less th t *Y :	,	,,,. )t is for have l»een sprinkled with if lour. (Bake Don’t bang chandeliers or lamps in] Oi say, yees kin bring me two dozen
labor than butter making. The process ,if‘ , tl : t obligations vou ,-is shallow pans or in muffin • rings low-ceiled rooms.	| eyesters, he said airily, as he took a
Is simple, the product good.	sume are most solemn, said the min- a^1	a5, hour.	'	Don’t be chary of rich, warm tints 11 n °ne th(1 finest restaurants in
- -...	ÊÊÊMÊ
Making it in winter requires too | ned thiee times l^fore and him twice thfi ed^0 |;o prevent . the juice 'from Don’t make a table a pivotal point spied, a bottle ol Tobasco, and proceed-
and we know the rope» pretty well by eti(;aping	from which the rest of the furniture ed to season the bivalves, not wisely,
this time.	(Blueberry Cake—One cup butjter, 2 radiate».	but too well.	x *
cups sugar, 3 cups - flour, 5 eggs, 1 Don’t make a narrow doorway nar-i Impaling an oyster upon his'fork, he
eat, they will fatten rapidly, and my TRANSPORTATION IN HAVANA.	ho/wT/l totjln	to^toet wUha %ro, Jto.AndC
belief is that three pounds can tie made The favorite means of transporta- nutmeg 1 fteaspoon oinnnmon, 1 quart rinn't ww decided rat terns for ni>.! £an dancing about and like a madman.
sjfcïs.tsr.BCia	s^-sar- - -grass is (doling and loosening and coun-	.. . .	.	. . en yolks, then milk, Ulour and spice,	.	..	.	,,	you out !
terantn the feverish properties of the persons are enabled to go to any point wMt— beaten stiff an.t the soda, lest- Don't nee large patterned wall pap- P-p-put me out, fa it» CH wish yees corn. Hogs will never melt in summer, within the city limits for a peseta, ly atir In Rhe blueberries, being careful er m small rooms, or a <lc«-i' border ; would put me out 1 yelled Finnegan however fat, If they can have access which is equal to about seven j>ence In lio bruise them. iBake in a loaf in "Rb low cciling-s.	Me insides is blazin’ loike » match*
waiter and mud to lie in. Mud is English currency.	* •• ^derate bul: steady oven.	I Don’t have any fanciful fixed ay-1 (factory I
as the only protection against | gently and take spoonful iin the hands
(Bake in u ho*;
and mold 'into shape
teetotallei
se-
¦	¦	¦¦¦	I “ You’ve never seen a
of sufficient width to cover two or j drunk. Tom,” said the priest, three inches on each end. Cover top and “Ah. your reverence,’’ replied Tom bottom with a round cap, return to “ I’ve seen many a man drunk, but 1 | flour hoop for 24 hours, with increased pres-1 couldn’t tell for the life o’ me whe sure.	' ther they were teetotallers or not.”
The Gonda cheese is ordinarily three A poor woman was advised to avail	,
inches thick and 8 inches in circum- | herself of a free distribution of soup. int0 ko® lllour 1111,1 mIX thoroughly, ference. A simple lever press can be " Do you call that stuff soup ?” cried Add the milk and beab well. Then add constructed of a hardwood stick, 10 she. “ Why, ye only get a quart of wa- the Oeaj:en yolks and then the beaten
£&ÏÏ2SÏ	SCO?*	“ “	*°-1" “ *«-•
the wall. The cheese,	hand and end cov- a more	contemptuous	description | ovei and	rolled in flour,
ers should be dipped in very hot whey | could hardly be imagined or water before the cloth is applied
oven
IB lue berry Griddle Cakes—One pint 1-2 teaspoon ma lb, 1 teaspoon soda, 1 meant pinL sour milk, and 2 eggs well beaten. Sift soda and salt
JUST WHAT HE WANTED
t
and
FEEDING PIGS IN SUMMER.
much food to keep up the animal heat. If hogs have plenty of grass in summer and about half the corn they will
in


###PAGE###8###

“ I had Salt Rheum of the worst kind, as our family doctor called it, and could not get anything to
I read of Burdock
SALT
The total liabilities of the* insolvent
Warning
—sSB, H2 %%%»mww
.	_	I debts. Mr. McDougall has offered 40 man, claiming to be deaf going around the
cents on the dollar, which will probably j village and country soliciting subscriptions be accepted. That such a large amount for papers, pamphlets and books. 1 would
I iloslre through the columns of Tna ' should be on the book show, the fallacy advise the public to have nothing to do Equity to express my sincere thanks ami uf the credit system, which is the curse with his papers, etc. lhe paper which he
SraSaæHSs-E ^ïZ.‘"d ,6’.........................................
flictlon which has recently come upon us by	__	___ Among the evils which it seeks to savane
Adlro„too^lmt,Trl«lphl
July bin, 1SCS.	DANIEL LEITVH. The follow iug address was presented to freedom of all religious belief and prac
Miss Hinds. It.A., by the members of St. Ooo from state control or re^nctmn, thus Paul's church Bible class, on the occasion jimking ,l an easy matter for Sabbath-Rev. !\ Campbell, il»« highly esteemed uf j|w teachers’ farewell party, held on breakers and all enemies of Christianity to
..*..*—*—*
remtsiy lor ull ki>lm*y	j. ||,Nl,	land.	W. KNOX.
We, the members of the Bible class of St. Paul’s church S. S., deem this nil appropriate occasion to publicly thank you
The undersigned offers to rent his property for the kind and efficient manner in which nt VPperTbovm‘ rentre .which . emnpr m . t , jiaVti conducted the class while in oui amination) :
Souse" ami ’stable. The "preinlsvs 'would midst. Your regular and punctual at H Grade. -< ivrtrudo McJnnct, 1 ;
make a deal ruble residence for a doctor, of tendance, together with your manner of Blanche Hudgins, 2 ; Phillip Tracey, 3 ; i	A t\t
ml!^IVCn^"‘l,<‘r ,han Sh:tWVlMv | imparting instruction which told of pro- Marcella liodgins, 4 ; Elxvin Hodgins, 5 ; j JdAKItAIIN
¦ \ ns preparation and an ability to teach, Katie Wilson, 6. Ill ( • rade. - -E valine is a clear proof that you consider it on im- K liott, 1 ; I. Bella Argue, 2; Herbert portant work and that you desire to help Elliott, 3. II Grade. — Clarence Richard-therein. When we consider that during son, 1 ; Cecelia Argue, 2 ; Mina Belabor, five days of the week you are engaged in *1 ; Wattie Workman, 4 ; Edna Hodgins, imparting secular education, of itself quite 5. Good Conduct (during month)—Mina laborious, we see the self denial required Bolshar, Gertrude McJaiiet, Pearl Smith,
•	on your part. We realize that	by your	Clifford Workman, Evaline Hodgins, Ad-
departure we shall lose faithful	and etti	die Elliott, Cecelia Argue, Hattie Elliott,	The	people	BTC realizing
K''“S“'i,h- Fl.h. CrRniE, Teacher. Values and OTO going
Truly we have been the receivers and	--- ? —WCil pleased.
you the givers in the past. It is more	_
Parties wishing to hsvolhelr razors 1,on- I''*"*»»1 to give than to receive We	WttMMMttlll».	Be 0116 of the CfOWd 116Xt
us Ma^ttlikmvof ou^gîrd flî yZ ovek one hpxprgo tons op phosphate Friday or Saturday and get
Thy my Hair Tonic.	work.	keapy FOR^SBIPBCBHT.	JOUTSelf a
we are confident that	~	^	~~	=
-m!y the congregation but this community Cascades yuc., July 14.—The sparr
a: large feel grateful to each of the teach mine at Ellard s will be starting up again Nobl>7 Suit . . x.	ers of Shaw ville Academy for their faith-	foon; The cause of it stopping was the
4	ful w ik amongst us, and we wish	nil sue*	burning of |he smelting works, but tiny	TTaf qji	RoûtS
I css whether present or absent.	are rebuilding.	®WWWI * "
I The address was read by Mr. K W ( Hudgins and the gift—a choice collection | of books — was presented by M»ss Magtrie
I Reid.
age
CARD OF THANKS.
it
cure me.
Blood Bitters, and determined to try it. I got one bottle and before I used half of it I could tell it
K
F
H. S. Dowd’s Colin
was doing nie good, and after taking six bottles I was perfectly cured, and to-day am a happy woman at being curedof that terrible disease. " Mrs.
Magdalena Voigt, Rhineland,Ont.
B. B. B. is the best remedy in the world for Eczema, Salt Rheum, Tetter, Scald Head, —i Shingles, Boils, Pim-
pics, Sores, Ulcers |J and all Blood and Skin Diseases
RHEUM
A Baptist Minister
$

“THELEADING HOUSE”

Property to Rent.
Juno Honor Roll.

No
H School, Y a hm.—(Written Ex
BIG
Me
i
Apply to I’AHL STKINKIE.
VppvrTbornv Centre
• B
July 10, lm
SALE. - -
m
SHAW VILLE
Now In . t Full Blast.
Hair Dressing Parlor
THE BOLL ELECTRIC CO.
our
MAIN ST., - - SHAW VILLE
TIME TABLE
If yon require a llair Cut or Shave, you ere guaranteed sattslaotlou at the Shaw ville Hair Dressing Parlour.
LEAVE
PARK.
LEAVE
1*ARK.
LEAVE
HULL.
LEAVE
HULL.


AYLMER.
G. 20 A M 7.00 7.40 8.20

2.50 v m	7.00 a m 2.50 r m

JOHN SMITH.
3.15
7.40
3.15
3.40
8.20
3.40


4 05
0 00

4.05

4.30
0.25
4 30

PARK
0 00	4 56
9.25 9.50
10.15	| 0.10
10 40	7.00
11.05 11.30 11.55 12 20 p m 12.45
Arthur Smtlev,
t
9.50
4 55
The mica mines at Carman is still turning out the mica under the supervision of A. Bishop of this place. There are also large quantities of phosphate taken out
. ,	...	... . .	.. -jii ,, "f the same mine and it is hoped that the
'	M,“	m 8cceI’tinK «"* "he har |lrico of tho |atter will ra;9e> they have
- h“nT P!e#T ,mefor,ua ,,f khawv.lle cf ,lbout m to,,, of it already piled 1 1 which the Bible class was one, and she 1	1
v;-s pleased to be able to say that all tin
teachers had enjoyed their year at Shaw-
ville.

<>r anything else you may require, at the Special Reduced Prices.
5 20 5.45
10 15	5.20
10	40	5.45
11.05 11.30	6.30
11	55	7.00
12	20 pm 7.40

FmlerttiKer, 1 m l>n liner and Funeral Hi reef or S11AWVIL1.L - - <;i E.
----:o:----
All orders xvii i i.ei hive Personal A hen-
TION AND SAT’sFAOHON OVAL O'. 1 ID.
Telephone No. 3.
ï


6 10

AYLMER
7.40 8.20 0 00 O 40
1.10	110.20
1.35	11.00
2.00
2.25 I


Now is your Chance.

up
12 45
8.20
1 10
1.35 2 00 2.25
0.00
The parties concerned in the robbery of the Dominion Batik at Napanee about a year ago, when £33,000 were stolen, have at last boon run down. £10,000 of the money stolen was In Dominion Bank M'ss Alice Rawlins, of Pembroke, is a I hills, to which the cashier's signature had guest r.t Mr. John Patk’s.	i	n°t been affixed. These bills have since
The Twelfth was celebrated in Mr. John j been put in circulation from time to time McC irriston’s grove; but as everyone j Wlth forged signatures, and it was through
them that several arrests have been made
9.40
i
10.20,
11.00
11.40

$7 to $10 Suits at $ô.ô0, Suits at - -

Elmsido Kotos.
im
$3.00.
And others at - - $2.93.
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
Gars tun dally, Sundays Included. Close connections are made with all Canadian I’a-
Extra Harvest Shoes. $11	at Hl,,UuU
j Baggage promptly Handled.
W. K. TAYLOR,

JEWELLERY seemed to be there from far and near, 'tie
needless for me to tiy to give details, which leave little doubt that the culprits J Everything passed off pleasantly.	I have been located
Mr. George Young has wed Miss Jennie Taylor of Dull and has gone to reside in Smith's Falls wish him much happiness.
The Misses H. M. and M. I>. Campbell of this place joined Mr. and Mrs. A. Smi-ey, Shaw ville, last week and spent a day
berrying.
Mr. R. H. Townley, who has been holidaying here, left fur his home in Montreal last week.
Miss Bui wash left for her home Saturday morning.
_____0____ Mr. S. A. McKay's family, Shaw ville,
Fall term commences August 15th. A per- ‘\rc achled to the list of campers at Norway ma lient stair of four experienced able ex- Bay, and a number of their Montreal
KpUd=; raby,srza: fArie,id?are wi,hth*m- 8,'°Mi« ^<•<
ing business and pofessiona) men of the Am prior.
Capital : each graduateyettiug the Diploma Misses Grace McKechnie, Shawville ;
Canada ; the success of our graduates (they Maggie Macfarlane, Riverside, and Louilla
are to b-j found everywhere) are points for Craig, Ottawa, are at Mr. Harper Loth your consideration 8 ml for new Catalogue. jan g eamp
JOHN KET1 H, Principal,	Mr. and Mrs. James McArthur and
148*154$ Bank St., Ottawa. | Mrs. James McCrtdio, Shaw ville, spent
Sunday p in. at Norway Bay.
Mr. Woods and sister of Dakota visited at Mr. A. W. McKechnie’a.
Quite a lot of rain fell here Monday p.m.
Mr. George Grant is suffering from in
Hope to hear of him speedy
Trip,
ess
Dress Goods.
8ec.-Treas
Aylmer, 30th March. lc98.
etc. etc.

Either Silk, XNool or Cotton manufacture in Summer Styles, will all he offered in July at such liberal reductions that buying will be difficult to resist.
His many friends here
A complete stock of the above nlwayii on hand at
He.... Leads
©
A. J. JACKSON.
Main St. - - Shawvillc.
RE PA IR11Y<; . I SI ’ECU I. T V.
Ottawa Business College.
(Established years.)
Gloves, Hosiery, Laces, etc ... .
SHAWVILLE, QUE.

o o o
O
House & Sign Painter, Gilder, Glazier, Decorator.
and many other seasonable lines will be subject to Great Discounts during July.

)
We are positively . .
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY’ATTENDED TO.



ESTIMATES FURNISHED.


Headquarters for the best Groceries in the County. We are continually on the lookout for the best and newest goods on the market.
o
\

STILL CONTINUES TO
Shawville
FIRST-CLASS WORKMANSHIP AND SAT-

LEAD THE RACE IN TURNING OUT
ISFACT10N GUARANTEED.
LIVERY.
tlmnimation
We have
o
-.Nobby Suits:-
recoveiy
f

ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
Pickles, Baked Beans, Canned Corn and Peas at present that are admired by everyone, and praised by all who use them, and at prioes that will astonish yon.
The Calumet Mining Go. have a
Lawsuit
o
AT

COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
at popular priced"" ^	| ^	w ih, I POPULAR PRICES.
the commercial trade.	I	C: *^3'beTn th^swim1Starch at 5c- Per lb-
taken out during the past three months, j	dim U6 111 SWim.	|
Salmon at 10c. per tin
Wo stay with

e f


?
Mr# & Mi
— A misunderstanding has arisen between e Mr. John Bowie of Calumet Island, on ! whose property the rich deposit of galena is located, and the Grand Calumet Min I mg Co., et al. Mr. Bowie sold the min* ing right of this property to Messrs. Russell and T< ugh who in turn sold to the £ G. C. M. Co. In the original transfer or ? agreement between Bowie and Russell there would seem to be some ambiguity or lack of definiteness in reference to a , royalty that was said to be paid to Mr.
Bowie besides his bargain price. In con- V) 2*. si quence of Mr. Bowie's interpretation of his agreement, when recently the G. C.-
I M. Co. were about shipping 250 tore of Alarm	SSI 1 O S1
Arrive » 45 [ the ore to Belgium, as there was no pros	V10W46D
pect of him receiving the royalty of $5 yer ton, which he understood he was en"	« 5»» titled tc, he took out a seizure and detain-
•!	1*1 ed the ore. Mr. J. M. McDougall repre*
•• m.ÎÎ sentedG. C. M. Co. before Judge Curran,
8),h while Mr. Bowie's interests were looked .«	75*. after by Mr. B. Rainville. As there
*'	7.31	was urgent reason for the immediate ship-
ment of the ore, security for the amount •• 7M of royalty claimed by Mr. Bowie was fur-(i s<- nt®hed and an order for the release Leave 6.3(1 granted. It left Campbell's Bay on
Wednesday.
, Mr. Bowie through his attorney gave Connecting with Hull Electric Railway . notice of appeal from «Judge Cunan’e de*
»t Aylmer.	| cision, and Mr. Rainville left for Mon-
treal on Thuisday to appear before the higher couit and endeavor to have the ore general superintendent. J intercepted at that point.
AT
Furniture Furniture Furniture
good quality and of all styles at
The Leading House to Bargains-1 Amazingly Low Prioes
FOR CASH.
\
SWATMAN’S.
Ceylon and «Japan Teas. Our name is a household word in every home in the county.
j
r

l
iHSS
Pontiac Pacific Jnnction By

J

For the Best Qualities and the B Prices call at the old reliable every time.
eat
from 15c. up.
j
o
Official Time Table :
A.M
Aylmer t Brer ken ridge t Eardley Parker’s Crossing \* Mohrs Quyon Wyman’s tTank Bristol McKee’s Shawville Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank I Vinton ' Cou longe * Me I Ion's Waltham
?Flag Station. tTank. t Flag Station
5.45 Leave
Come to DOWD’S
dou
9.21
8-day Clocks 4.50“
Watch Glasses 10c & 15c.
Other Jewellery - -
- - away down
6.12
9.06

I
«4
8.
6.18
44
6 28
44
6.87
#«
6.47

u
6.56
If
6.68
44
7.04

7.26

«(
7.45
?
6.00
• <
H. S. DOWD
• 4
8.08
44
8.12
44
8.80
AT SWAT MAN’S
) JAMES MCARTHUR,
44
8.47
8.55 Arrive
THE JEWELLER,
Quyon Que.
SHAWVILLE.
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
P. W. RESSEMAN,
?

P. S.—Repairing a specialty,
