###PAGE###1###




No. 1. 20th Year.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE

THURSDAY, JUNE 10, 1002
tfl.OO a Year in Advance.

J

LOCALS THAT PAY

FIRST CLASS
I farm fencing
Tub Shaw ville Ra kkry	ON^y T
For enlarging. copying, viewing, picture j framing and photos of the best platino I linish go to Iml eon's Photo Studio. I
RAMSAY'S PAINTS-the right Paint to paint right. See new picture ad. trelde page. For sale by O. F. Hod gins, Shaw ville.
A choice ritock of picture frame mould ingsat Jiuieon'e Studio.
Head Office; .
Capital paid tip
OTTAWA, CANADA.
.........#2.000,000
......... 1,705,000
OF CANADA.
Important Clearing out Sale of
Rest
Board of Director»
130 Cents per ROD
Charles Maoer, Esq., President. I CAPITA!
¦ Georob Hay, esq., Vice President.	vAill AL - -
I reserve fund,
- $6,000,000.
- 2,600,000.
DRY GOODS-CLOTHING
fop sale by
THE ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO,, Limited,
PICTON, ONT.
NOTICE To whom it may Concern
i
Head Office» • Montreal.
OEOROEBURN D. U. FINN1B
General Manager .. .. Manager,
Brandie» •
IN ONTARIO
Keewatln.
Kemptville,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
do
do Bank Place, do Rideau Bt. Toronto.
do Sonoernet tit Winchester Vankletk Ilill, Smith's Falls
IN MANITOBA
Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC:


When Seeing le Painful
8HAWVILLE BRANCH,
Aleisndria, Am prior, Avonmore, Braeebridge,
(Jarlrtou
Colxlen Hawkesbury,
Lanark,
Parry hound, Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winchester, Renfrew
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
ESsafplSSI
THE DRUG STORE. 1 _ _	FRANCIS WILSON

$5,000 worth of Goods to be sold at wholesale prices—many lines under cost price.


SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dol lars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office Hours Saturdays .
Dauphin
Wiontyrg,
ShuwvUle, June Id, 1902.
Advertisers and correspondents are reminded that we cannot assure the Insertion of matter uni hand by Monday noon of each week.
House and Lot for Sale.
Montreal,
Hull
Lflehnte
Having decided to sell out our present stock of Dry Goods and Clothing,
offering the entire lot at prices that will make a noise far and near.
10 A.M. To 3 p.l*
Shawlnigan Palls.
Agent# in Canada, New York and Chicago-Bank of Montreal.
Agents in tit. Paul—Merchants Nat Rank.
Agents In London, Eng.—Parr's Bank Ltd.
It Is In
10 A.M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager
Mie undersigned offers for sale his House and Lot, situated on Pickunock Street, Shawville (near the railway track.) Terms made kuown on applieat
EDWARD HOGGINS, June 10, 1902.	Yarm, Que
we are
PERSONAL
ion

Mrs. H. H. Knox, Montreal, is in town visiting friends.
I f*ev* H. S. Boyle, Montreal, was Sur-1 *n town ket Tuesday
The Itev. Alex. Elliott who hss been I Tencera for drawing cheese from the
Ills Lordship Bishop Carmichael will padsand in boxes at The Drug Stove, taking s very important step the par-
ci	I	ssr&r ~ ",,ec‘ - +• ¦* *
July 1st.	.	------?-------
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.

Tenders Wanted.
Take your butter and eggs to T. \V Wilson and get top prices for them
Hereafter, Dr. Stackhouse, geou Dentist, will he at Shaw ville on
This is no fake, but a genuine clearing-out sale of a complete stock of the newest and best Goods in the trade,

NOTICE.

XV e tho undersigned Merchants of Shaw-vilJc will close our places of business on Coronation Day, June 20th and on Dominion Day, July 1st,
K. Hoduins & Son; T. W. Wiwox&Co.
W. A. Whyte, Smart & Storm.
J. 11. Shaw.
G. M. Donaldson. The Druu Store.

day evening next FOR SAFE ;
1 10 foot selected cedar skiff, new
Clothing for men, boys and Children.
Acknowledgment
The Hull and Aylmer Electric Rail 2 18-ft. selected white nine skiff, new. ! way has been purchased by the C Apply to Geo. Baalantink, | p j|.
Bristol, Que.
Auction Sale —Mr. Francis XVilrfon desires to announce that he intends disposing of his furniture and other hou e-hold effects by auction on July 3rd, commencing at 1 o’clock, p. ra.
It is proposed to give a reception to His Lordship Bishop Carmichael at the
The nndermgned trustees of the Slmw- , F Hnni..va nlle Orange Lodge, recently destroyed | John Sri:wart The Rev. Mi*. Waddell exchanged hre’ desire t<> acknowledge with pulpits with Rev. Mr. Morrison, of Bris-	receipt of cheque for the
tol, on Sunday latfc	18,im of seven hundred dollars from Mr.
R A‘
A. Smiley
Come and secure some of the big Bargains.
t

Fic-Nic
B. Hodgins,
J. L. Shaw, Alex. Elliott Shawville, June 10, 1902.
}
Trustees
The C. V R. ha* givt-n the C. P. R
rectory on Monday evening, the 23rd I permission to run through the Central inst., from four to nine o’clock. All the Station at Ottawa pending the arrange-member* of the congregation are invited |ihenfc for » definite agreement to attend
CASH or PRODUCE.
A GRAND PICNIC Under the auspices of
The Radford Rifle Association
will be held qt
__	____ _ _ ______ 4a
The members of the Holiness Move-1 Mother and Son Drowned at
The several committees entrusted with I nJent began a series of camp meetings at	Portage du Fort.
the work of preparing for the picnic at. Knox Settlement on Saturday evening	-«
the R. R. A. range on Dominion day are Mast.	w Mi6. D. McCallum, and son, a little
Tho Rov. George Brow nlee, who was I river. The mother hearing the child
recently ordained at Montreal, h«s been crying despairingly for help rushed to the À n A no	PrnirrQm
placed in charge of the Anglican appoint- river and plunged into the water to p**11	<tVLl v L iriUgldlu
ments at Campbell's Bay and Coulonge. | reçue him; but she got beyond her ;; OF SPORTS X
becamVentangled^	lier"\%l,"sn |wi!1 beProvidcd> Including the following : |P. S.—Don’t forget Footwear.
that she wras unable to see a pole which another son reached out to her. A short struggle and mother and son disappeared from sight. The bodies were recovered about an hour afterwards. The husband and father was away at the time, working
was booked for Braeside on Dominion I At th! Mînae’ in VâlleyBdd Que., I on the Schneaux boom * few miles below |,
Day and ao the committee will undertake °.n	Ju°? ?rd> J902,’ ^ the Iter, the scene of the accident
to procure some other club, in order to *7 E'« -^c °v i A’st	£w °f,	-*~
fulfil this feature of the program.	^	°0 , e m ‘ p’ L;P S*’ (>f St. Matthew’s Church, Chartcris,
Sf
sftAS- s SjvEISrr	“,"4 "
EEESSSEy™ f-ff Lstiurtusaas
Ottawa District, having been appointed , „EM,BKLRE?! T0n Tuesday evening of pretty, useful, and valuable Mr. James Way, wife and daughter, of to that im nor tant office bv the G M of ,a8fc Mr* John Splane was presented with presents, received by the bride, testified Huddersfield, have taken a trip to Ire-îhe aJ£fi3£^of Quebec, to complete ? ^"daome couch by hi, fellow mem- to the esteem in which she is held. We 1 md.
igssES ipmpr1WzisÈ&'su
and after the ceremony accompained the Al1,1 ^es *l! ie.s *or llls future happinee*
, Aylmer brethren to Ottawa in the even- Al?. ?ufcess111 .thenew RPhereof llfe upon These who competed in Spoon Compe to the g	I	I I
jng to witness the conferring of the	he was shout to enter.	tition on Saturday Juno 7th. Range j members to procure a suitable range
the Third Degree by a number of De- The Candidates. —The followin' la ^ yard* lying:—	I convenient to the town,
troit Masons, who visited the Capital on die; have kindly consented to allow their ™r”,ay Armstrong -I—	.	names to be proposed in connection with	Howard......
». is."?°«r*e. —’»	St% w«r-i-
Strutt efficiently performed thé duties According to reports the Smallpox J. H. Stewart of “best mao,’' while the bride was as- plague is far from being stamped out in Ralph Richardson eisted by Miss Nina Splane, sister of the the country; several localities in Ontario Herb. Coughlin..
groom. A lumber of spectators wit- are troubled with the disease, and in ,1. A. Cowan.
nessed the union. The bride and brides Montreal, wheie little attention seems to Sam Howard...
maid were becomingly dressed in white, have been given the c mpuUorV vaccin- Arthur Clarke_
After the ceremony the wedding party ation order of the Provincial Board of Ralph Richardson
repaired to the home of the bride’s par- Health in December last, there are said Wm Bides.
eate, where refreshments were served, to exist at present over forty cases. If Henry Howard!!
Ths Equity joins in extending the something is not done to stamp out the M. Ardill young couple its hearty congratulat ions, disease before the men return to the woods Vic. MacCosham and trusts the enjoyment of a long and next fall, it is reasonable to expect R. McRitchie..., happy life may be their’*.	another outbreak will occur next winter. I John Howard

J. H. SHAW.
Aylmer has lost one of its oldest and | struction most respected citizens in the person of George Ram both. For over a half a century he lived in Aylmer, during which time he has been engaged in In inhering and farming.

Wanted at Once—On a farm in The announcement in the R. H. A. I Manitoba—a good man and his wife to picnic posters, issued last week, to the work on farm; wife as housekeeper, effect that Shawville and Elmside bw- Will pay #35 per month for five months ball clubs would play, was made	Employment in winter at smaller wages
strength of possible arrangements being	John Elder,
made to that effect. Before this was	Norquay, Man.
done, however it transpired that Elmside 1
BasebaT Match, Tug of War Putting the Shot,
100-Yard Dash
Running Leap,
High Jump, &c
Suitable Prizes will be awarded for the above
A Popularity Contest for a glod watch between three young ladies, representing Shawville, Clarendon and Bryson.
was
Paris..
. Green I
new
• e
To save time and make your labors productive use a good PARIS GREEN,
Proceeds In aid of Association.
By order of Committee
Our Paris Green is made according to the Government standard and bears the Government stamp of approval, the best safeguard against a cheap and worthless arti-
The Arnprior rifle association has youe wall owing to inability of the
" ’ Thomas Dumas, of the firm of Dumas or .& McElliotfc, Egan ville, was married in Ottawa last week to Miss Mary C. Me-1 Caffray, of Ottawa.
. 22 I A commendable postal law in fore3 . 21 I across the border makes it a punishable .	21 j offence for persons to take out of the of.	20 fice mail other their own and not re,	181 turning it. Its infringement incurs a
.	18 penalty of $200.
• Jj! Martin Breen sat on the station plat’ form at North Bay with his feet dang-1 {? ting over. A shunting engine cut off j one foot aud one arm and otherwise inIn jured Him. Breen died and his remains j were taken to Killaloo for burial.
12 ' Arthur Brunet has been sentenced to 11 six months’ imprisonment for bribery iu 11 connection with the parliamentary bye,	9 cleclioe m Montreal some months ago,
. 6 when his uncle, Aid. Brunet, was
. 2 eleoted.
27
that date
de.
In Pounds and Half-Pounds
22
25 Cents a Pound.
# e
TE DRUGSTORE,
SHAWVILLE.

0 _	-

__À
J


###PAGE###2###
s


*

f
crimson clover ham proved too uncertain to bo a mitiNfactory oovo* crop, our chief difllculty being to gel
during tho dry wouthol
t FOR FARMERS |
His confoemion of the crime published without naming the | ¦
Moat people
believed him to have been mad, or to have slain the unhappy gi'l fov plunder, i rond the few member» of the family, no one ever heard of the tragic love story of Halph Ash-
was
raat upon me by acme of your
RBBRSBB8BBSS8
were
countrymen, Jealous, no doubt, of my luck with the girls.
“ My guide was one Francisco Marti —you start-perhaps he Is known to
mo
Uvea that led to it
u start
which so generally prevails during the latter part of summer. Wo encounter the same difficulty with rod clover, sown at that time. In fact there seems to bo an increasing difficulty in securing a stand of red clover, sown at any time. Of Uu frost-resisting leguminous plants which may bo sown late in Minimal to gather the later formed nitrate» the hairy vetch seems to offer tin most promise, chiefly because Its comparatively largo seed will permit deeper covering and therefore hot ter condition to withstand droutl than is practicable with the clovers; but our succès» has not yet beef largo with this plant.
Alfalfa is not to lie considered it
because it
!
*
1 DOCTOR JACK.
Seasonable and Profits^!© hints for the Busy Idlers * of the Soil
HINTS ON SOILING CHOPS.
», I had found him a bright and useful fellow during the day, and can see him in my mind's eye now thy, agile, dressed In a coloured cotton shirt, pants tight at the leg, and held by a crimson sash, leggtns and sandals, with a red cloth Phrygian
you
I
wav-
*
ton
1 for some time in
He was ovci w helmed by the
of doubt
Lord Lisle sat ¦Hence. 1
By ST. GEORGE RATHBORNE,
Captain Tom," "Baron Sam,” "Mbs Pauline of New York," "Mb. Caprice,” Etc
shadow
No
discovery
rested on his mind of its truth
remembered the picture of Lady Ny
billa Lisle, and I>ut«y*H perfect
of that fair and noble
remembered a thousand
vet each hear-
Ho
Tt «4
Soiling crops should l>c grown rotation, viz., mixed pens and ont» the year after rape, the rope after
clover.	. . .
In sowing the peas and ont» widen
the flret acre should
Author of ^Doctor Jack's Wife,
cap above.
- i would give his weight In «liver to have that same Franc taco Marti In alone with me for ten minutes
m
re-

semble nee lady.
trilles, "light as ailing 0 strong confirmation of the un
happy man's story.
To ho Continued
*
a room ¦¦¦¦¦
—hut you shall see. We had arranged to learn how the Barcelona fandango compared with the Parisian Mabilo, and my guide took me to the gipsy quarter, where the southern dance, he
08 now hei So, uh 1 said
He

tsmmsmm
follow the rape, ho sown as early as possible other nearly a month later, the crop is olT, say, by the ft ret of August, without plowing. Sow rod
the rate of twelve pound» per acre, and thoroughly harrow it If the surface soil is composed of humus there will bo no risk in getting a catch, and u good growth before the winter. The red clover may he cut green and fed to milch and other animals on the farm
the
whon
By the way, what did
gusted with it
do w 1th the skin of the bear I shot whtn with you In the Pyrenees ?"
44 It Is made into a rug.
it when you go home with me. My niece is nil excitement at the thought of meeting my American friend, of whom I have
CHAPTER I.
declared, could he seen else in all Barcelona, before, when the sunset gun had been fired we started out upon our clr-
To provo to you that T>r. Chase's Ointment Is a certain and absolute ouio for each and every form of itching, bleeding and protruding pi Ire
Dr. Ohase’s Ointment
>ou
Piles
this connection
too long*to become established belongs with red clover, as # plant to he started in the early spring,
fown when
rat-tat-tat 1
This summons, Tin shape 4>f several hva.'x'y blows, is beaten upon the door
-the best the house affords—
It
clover at
You shall
pee
in
cult
till
o. a mon
of an hotel on the Calls del Prado, in Madrid. Within the chamber there is a movement among the bed-clothes, a «mothered yawn, and then a voice, reft nant and unmistakably American.
but it should bo ground CIS bo tilled and tho covered instead of on the surface ai we sow clover. The cow pm and m>y bean possess every requisite for a
except one, they cannot Their large mnkI per-
seed
talked bo
(To Be Continued)
much.
Jack is using Ills hair brush vigorously. for his curly locks are thick. He does not even smile at the Implied compliment, for even at thirty-two one he much of a cynic and ancho-
COW»
and if there is a miiylus it con cured for hay In August be plowed about
rolled and harrowed, ami cultivated several times with the wide points of the spring tooth cultivator, in October, spread farm manure on the surface and cover in rib». rl ho Allowing spring harrow and cultivate alternately for rnj>#> <)ne acre should be sown at the beginning 01 May for early feeding, and the other acre a month later.
advisable to row rape m wide, and cultivate
the previous direc-
ts
cover crop
endure frost inits deep covering; they lovo heat ftmI arc fairly (lout.h-re»isting; «own any lime through June or July they will cover the ground with a donne growth before front, and being legumes they have the nitrogen accumulating power of that order ol
Wc have adopted the piac-
IVI110N THE SULTAN SLEEPS
cells out :
••Hello there, what's the row ?"
" The senor wished to ho awakened It lh a beautiful day for the
the clover sod should four inches deep,
sufficient to protect - n
Guards
kingdom surround the palace tries icady for instant action parade the corridors, and huge and savage doj.8 lie before the porta’s of the
hut these pierau-
ay
rite, and this American fancies he Is l root against all the wiles that may be found under the vail and mantilla of Spain's black-eyed daughters.
Don Carlos watches him with that deep look In his eyes again—an expression that tells of some thought flitting: through his brain over end examines with a quick glance some object on the stand—It is only a cluster of withered roses tied total t in the
sen
gt nine
bull-fight. Besides, there is a gentle man waiting to sec you," voice of the landlord from beyond.
up In bed
sleep is gone from his eyes entirely as he sees the golden sunlight creeping in through the small windows.
" Send him up in ton minutes, landlord. and have breakfast for two lx
double that time."
" SI, tenor."
Jack Evans proceeds to dress leisurely, as though life had little in it to make him hurry, 01 else from some deep-rooted aversion to haste bed has been a hard one, singular young man has roughed it all
the world, and possesses the ad- | Catalan peasant
of adapting j eyes of a Spanish gentleman to read
When you told me
comes the
CHAPTER XXV
Too bewildered for words, lord royal charnier Lisle opened the packet before him;	tions do
from it there fell a picture. Ho ruis-	troubled mind
ed it, iuul saw before him Daisy’s constant readiness a m-ouj <> face; the sweet, spiritual face. the 1 rooms, and nobody knows until ho tender violet eyes and golden curls 1 st moment w hu h he \\\	1.
of a little child, lie recognized it j fur the night. All are hull an y in one moment; then he read the ( illuminated, that none sha
nr—-
Like one in n dream he opened the room is fitted with hidden places of letters and read the passages where	! osai! e, in ti c	codings,	‘ ooi s	am
the voting mother spoke lovingly of	panels. These	were	fas:muet	».
her little Daisy's golden curls. Proof Knvlish workmen, and none hut the was heaped upon proof.	Sultan has the secret to tMr Vos-
The strongest proof of all," con- tion and fastenings. Hut with all tinned Ralph Ashton, in the same such precautions he is tortured by constrained, passionless voice, "is ' ever-gnawing fears, trembhs like a the fact of her death. She never de- child in the dark, and da re not at
She told mo tempt sleep without n person of the
responsibility reading to
stories he sinks
The
jack Evans sits
the
not suffice to ea.*e The Sultan has
in
planta
the of sowing soy bean» when clover catch fails, nnd find them vrrv good substitute for clover, but
the first frost kilts the niant and
We find, how-
the
He Vends
bed
u
It is
drills two feet according to
tions.	.	.	,
Rape is one of the best foods for
keeping animal», including sheep.
calves and all young stock in
It i» an
thus ends its work ever, that the ground breaks up in much better condition in the spring
after having grown n crop of
diecuesing cover crop* to be forgotten legume and therefore add» nn the soil, but no other
get her with a thread Spaniard's ey?s very significant.
“I thought as much, Sr nor Evans. You hope to p?c a face at the bullfight to-day—the face of the girl who sold you flowers in the market on the
Ah Î renor, trust the
soy
beans. In rye Is not
not a XI
nitrogen to ¦_	,
plant of those mentioned, unless it
he the vetch, will more effectually save the nitrates which are probably formed whenever the temperature in above the freezing point. »
His
It is
but this
Pigs
Kambla in Barcelona—the
a good, healthy condition. -excellent food for milch co.vs, must be fed in limited quantities otherwise it is liable to injure flavor of the milk.
The other acre may any other hoc crop If so desired. Af ter the. hoe crop is taken off land should he cultivated repeatedly until fall, then ribbed, and followed in the spring with peas and oats.
With a few acres of pasture vcniently situated, and such soiling
here named, a large
hut
over
mlrable characteristic himself to circumstances sleep just as soundly whether on a feather bed, in a New England town, or on the bare boards of a Mlssi-rilppi shanty boat—in a word, he i to keep ajjj makts a superb traveler, grumbling at outright—a merry
seqn 1 s like these that story I knew you w< uld look for
her in Madrid."
This time Jack finds it impossible straight face, and he laughs cheerful laugh It Is, in favor of the
lie can
the
be sown with
hied the charge—never fthc would rather have the disclosure highest than he my wife. If you want fur- him. ther evidence, my lord, go to Deep-dale; there are people there who can swear that this is the portrait of the child brought by the strange young lady to Susan Rivers. They will that the dark-eyed, dark-hair-
Riv-
the
l istening to to Bleep, to awoke in agonies of four through nightmare.
MENDING SPLIT TREES
that prepossesses one peif.cn from whom it emanate*1.
" My dear fellow, it's dused hard to
1 was hoping
nothing.
He has Just finished his ablutions, and is applying the coarse towel vigorously, when a rap sounds upon the d<?or.
It often happens that some of the best fruit trees are split by bearing too heavy a cra*>. It i» very im-portnnt to get them mended if possible. L. B. Rice suggest» the following method:	Placing the split
limbs together add winding
thing tight about it, will kill the
A long ex
con
keep a secret from you to lay eyes once more on that face, for it impressed me not by the beauty alone, but something deeper. She said she wi s to he in Madrid at the time of the great hull-fight, and I found I could just an well he here ns above,
COUGHING PLANTS
Man, or even the animal kingdom, monopoly of coughing, or
arc
crops as	.
number of animals can he fed cheaply, and, at the name time give the
best results financially.
A second pasture of two or
the barn, is necessary f
For shelter
he sings out, whereupon the door, which he has unbarred, is pushed open, and a Spanish gentleman
greets him warmly.
You are a late riser this morning, Bvnor Evans. The fandango last night n ust have been too much for you,"
has no
even getting red in the face, in an effort to throw of! foreign substances Before there was a vertebrate on the earth, while man was in process of
through the vegetable
Enter !
swear
ed girl called Rita was Susan ere’ own child."
“This was her secret, then, ”
Lisle
no mo-
th me
mur»
poor, unhappy
mitred Lord girl
tree fôr a few years ¦¦¦¦ins taught me to treat such
Cut
acres, near
sheep, calves or pigs they require n building to go in will; all pastures should have a group of maple trees. They grow quickly if cultivated in the summer, and mulched in winter for two or three years.
so I came.
" You had quite an adventure in Bar relona. 1 understood you to say las
e o u o
world, Ktaria Tussein—that is what bo tan i ts call him, while
the coughing bean"—
and
t
M perience
0 trees in the following manner away the splinters and block, tho prostrate parts into positions. Bore txvo holes through the broken and unbroken parts and place In these holes holts of a size, that the size of the limbs may indicate correct. For a small tree l one-quarter inch holts or ordinary Fone-half inch bolt». In one large I butternut tree I used one inch bolts.
bolt midway of tJie
That was her secret, my lord,”
"That you may not slandering tho
replied the man he sure I am |
dead, I bring you the letters 1 received from her some weeks since in London. You read these."
lie read the letters composed with such skillful art
doubt about them; at the very time she was his promised wife she corresponded with this man.
Lord Lisle leaned back in his chair stunned, unable to think or speak "She always loved riches
grandeur," continued Ralph Ashton, j a gas accumulates*inside, and when “She	was	very	beautiful, and she gains	sufficient pressure there	and contented
longed	for	dresses mid jewel» to set	vomes an	explosion, with a sound	There is no
Sno loved luxury	exactly like coughing, and the dust	ration of a brood sow
I	can imagine how it	js blown	from its lodgment. And l Do not feed
The right-
wc
raise
the
laughs the new-comer.
“I confess that I dreamed of the gipsies, and the clattering castanets haunted me, but that was not my first sarr.a-cueea,, Don Carlos."
- Indeed, I thought you had only stood up before that
*— T	z&vri&z
My dear fallow, I spent three years takes more interest In himself and his of my life in Mexico. It was there I affairs than mere friendship would made my fortune in the gold mines, warrant, and once or twice a faint know. That Is how I speak Spanish suspicion has flitted across Jack s and Jack Evans proceeds to mind that possibly the artful Spaniard
may have .i reason back of his curio-
night."
The American looks n trifle annoyed. He likes Don Carlos, who has some admirable points about him. and who
hear in the
know him ns
coughed, got red in the face blew the dust out of his lungs. Recently botanists have been giving ial attention to this bean, and tell interesting tilings about it. It is a native of warm and moist tropical countries, and objects most emphatically to dust. It has an effective means of getting rid of ol>-jactionable matter. When dust settles on the breathing pores in the leaves of the plant and chokes them, young pigs too much at first.
A well pig is usually quiet

know her writing—
»P
as
use
SWINE NOTES
There could be no
Overfed parents will produce enfeebled offspring.
A stunted pig should never be used as a breeder.
Do not attempt to crowd the
had
I place ono
broken part, to bind the pieces closely together and one above the juncture of the limbs, so as to strength-cn	i so bolt# with «mil
pr.«t i. am ....
covered with the growing wood
stronger than it
and
you
so well ^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦^¦¦R#
arrange his ti? in a neglige style that has always seemed a part of himself.
The Spaniard looks at him In a peculiar way, as though the answer brings amazement. This young Am-
whose acquaintance he had ! fast
sltv
" Yes, I hinted to you about It last night when I told about the flower girl. Let me see—it Is time for break-I have ordered for two."
Don Carlos expostulates that he has broken his fast two hours hack, hut the American will not take no for an
nut
o:i her beauty and wealth. | was all done, my lord
fui Miss Lisle was away from home | (he face through the effort when Susan Rivers came to die. She
trusted the secret to her child, who used it for her own Let justice be done he continued
growing pigs their be
and the tree will l
in
strange, the plant gets red in grain in a dusty place
A feeding place is too email that ever was
compels animals to cat in filth.
The hog is the most valuable animal for a farmer to convert his
more
erlcan ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
formed In gay Paris, excites new feel-ithin his breast every day.
Three years in Mexico, fenor
And you have hunted gris- answer.
It is time you ate again, then. V
Com-
WATCII WAS LEFT BEHIND
Quite recently a left «¦flgOW for
their fortune in that country.
A few days ago ono of them sent home a letter to his better half that he had settled down in Califor-and bidding her to sell off the surplus household goods and take
there with all speed, was naturally agi this intimation
FATIGUES THE MIND
lags
must hav
number of masons America to push
A very interesting report by Mr.
Parez, of Edinburgh, issued by tho Board of Education, discusses question of mental fatigue.
5SSS	a:
said Lord Lisle.	sibilitv in the skin, or increase in season to aiiothu.
“So l»e it," replied Ralph Ashton.	* in thc work done. Math*- Age alone should not send a sow
"If inquiry is made there is no fear.	kg *nd (sinuige to say) gvm- to market, but evidences of failure
Miss Lisle will have her own."	nasties prove to be the most‘ex- a» a breeder should.
As Lord Lisle sat listening to the tj Ejects; foreign languages When they can be had conveniently
details long forgot- ^ re„ iolIH instruction come next, leaves moke a better bedding than —	actions he ha< ^ at ft jong interval; thc mother straw.
thought strange—all rushed through	ue natural science, geography,	In marketing	hog»	evenness in
his mind; each one corroborated the	d	history make but	little calls on	quality and size	should	always go
story he had heard. All that seem-	he	gyspem‘; singing	and drawing	together.
ed a mystery to him was clear now.	...	\	Afternoon	work is infer-	Milk and bran	make a very good
Ashton told the whole tQ and more tiring than that slop for pigs If water is used, add story, from thc meeting with Rita done jn t|ie corning, and even in thc a little middlings.
w... --	srs s p .irsr vjsrjtssisr^ra
the tseneaicune krrcd (jcaln to becoming his wife. ..	fat forming foods.
i He stopped then and his lips, dry	______^______ In selecting a brood sow do not be
and parched, trembled convulsively.	DOCTOR'S ORDERS.	governed < utlrcly by beauty of form
There remains but one t hing more,	and stylish appearance of the nni-
lord, to be discussed, and that is Mrs. Small purse “I he doctor says maj the murder. They tell me you have I must go out of town this summer. Under all conditions one service is detectives here from London. Now, I was just thinking that per- i)Ctter than allowing the boar en
see hap» a cottage at tho seaside
might--"	,
Lord Lisle rang the bell, and in a\ Mr. Smullpursc—“Your aunt
Scot- uncle are anxious to have you visit
their farm, you know."
“But that is in the country, doctor say» 1 must be on thc wa
own
grain into meat.
It is usually unwise to disjnrd a \t- young sow because she fails the first
my
Evans
Files in the Rocky Mountains, played ¦
cowboy in Texas, shot moose while on must share my olla podrida
trailed the pany makes it sweeter."
Very well, senor, since you insist Resides, as we eat you can re-
purposes lord
Miss I isle take her place.
“I will place the whole matter in the hands of a skillful lawyer must have legal as well as proof
Let tho true
the
Br.ovv-shoes In Canada jaguar on the Amazon, hunted tigers and elephants in India, been chased by lions in Africa—you have seen the wastes of Siberia, explored China, been lost In Alaska, failed on a whaler Into thc Polar seas, and traveled across the Lark Continent with Stanley—in the of Heaven, man, how old are
We
moral
on it
late your strange adventure in Bar
mn
ctîona. ~
Jack shrugs his should res
her passage Mrs. C., who toted on receiving called in a neighbor to assist in pudking up tho necessaries.
During tho packing operations they came upon Sandy's watch, and after some examination the neighbor
•aid
and
thinks his companion ret in his ways. No wonder the Spaniard makes a good hunter, when by nature he Is so per-
her
strange voice ten. words and
name
slstent.
So the tv.o make a break for the dining-room of the Spanish fonda, and are presently discussing a bieakfast, which Is, indeed, quality and variety, shaming Jack's Joke on the one dish question.
“ Now, Senor Evans, I am all atten-
you ?"
Jack Evans laughs aloud amused at the astonishment of the Spaniard.
" Seventy by experience, but really Just thirty-two last month, Don Carlos —we Americans live fast, you know. At twelve I was riding the wildest mustsngs of Texas, so you see there has teen twenty years for the rest."
Caramba 1 you ate a wonderful man, Then a flash of suspicion
He Is
warm fair in
n grand watch, Mrs. C. ;
ye'll he takin' it wi‘ ye ?"
** responded Sandy’s net* it wad he n’ nne une oot
It's
Ralph
Na, na
ter half.
there, (or Sandy tell» me in hi» let
“it wad be o' nno use oot the time in California, so 1 taking lumber."
tien.
cloister adjoining church of San Pedro at Gerona ?"
Jack Evans stirs the contents of his cu.p adding a little more sugar, and set ms to be collecting his thoughts, so that he may waste no words in narrating his adventure. There Is a vfetion in his mind—he knows not whence it springs—that he will well not to trust his entire confl-to this olive-coloured acqualnt-
tcr half
enco o need na I
•enor
leaps to his eyes—" Perhaps you have already seen a bull-fight they have terrible encounters in the land of the Montezumas."
" Yes," replies Jack, quietly, " I have
some bull fights that would set I from
#1:
I am told
my
A TOUCHING OBITUARY
con-
brief but touching
clever
Will you be pleased to let me one?"
Thc following eulogy was recently pronounced by a sergeant over tho tomb of a soldier in tho cemetery at La Haye:
Con,rades, thc deceased, a friend ol
Ho look-
tire freedom with thc sow».
Damp sleeping places should be guarded against as they tend to induce rheumatism, colds and other
seen
staid old Madrid wild, I imagine, for the Bpanlsh-Amcrlcan blood would never put up with the tame affairs you have over here, If what I hear of them Is half true."
" Ah Ï senor, I think they will give a sight worth seeing to-day—a
and
do
few minutes Mr. Grey, from land Yard, entered thc room
Ralph Ashton stood up before him. “You arc n police officer?" he ask-
dnice
ance.
diseases.
Early breeding weakens thc maternal forces of the sow, causing Hmall and weak litters with no suf-"Um ! Well, I think that cun be fleient nourishment, managed. I know a very nico old jn electing a boar discard one couple who might be willing to take showing a weakness about the heart, a boarder at a price within my
us all, had n clean sheet ed after his boots, which rarely required mending, and he always ha some money to draw from ms pay. Imitate his example, comrade».
It Is hardlv worth the telling. Don Carlos, but since you have expressed a desire to hear the narrative, I will proceed. After leaving you In the Pyrenees I ran back to Paris, for the
I received was Important. I
and
The
ter
replied thc detective
I mn/
you
blcck torn, the fiercest bull south of the Apennines, and Instead of the worn out hacks usually put In to bait his fury, they mean to have noble horses for the picadoia. Thin Is the greatest day Madrid "has had for a decade. Your blood will be thrilled by thc daring of our brave bull-fighters."
Jack listens with something of a sneer, for he has had much experience among this class knows what little bravery they usually possess, slinking away whenever a fierce bull turns upon them, prodding him from the rear, and vaulting the
he makes a rush
quietly.
“I surrender myself to you
murder of Morgan
I shot her through the I killed her; but I swear I
She insulted me, and I fired! "
he

message
spent nearly two weeks there then made up my mind to see Spain, reached Barcelona first, and put up at Fonda del Oriente, the hotel on
the Rambla.
O. K.
worth half so much ai
dear. Other
at the same time avoid one with a too prominent or strong shoulder.
said, "for the Rivers!
means
"I am not I thought."
•Wirt
people think you are."
“That’s splendid ! Do they live on the water ?"
“Yes, indeed ; nil thc summer long. They run a canal-boat."
j heart!
I never meant it maddened me
A cry of rage and horror came from Lord Lisle. lie started from
his chair.
“Nay, my lord,” tivc, interposing
SOIL PROTECTING CROPS.
At the Ohio experiment station
the
!
enough of me, :
i
You have seen
to understand that when I go thing I let nothing hold me This applies to everything I
senor,
Itching Piles Can Be Cured
said the detec-“Let the law
into a
undertake, from sight-seeing to a fitr- I
taUOanWjtwan«edeofy the'ol/cUy. "Z	Ralph. '
when the afternoon came was almost take its course, my loi d tempted to take the train down tne worth your anger coast for Madrid.	tremble and
“ What prevented me ? Well, in from fear the first place, I set eyes on that flower girl, and received a shock from her eyes that riddled my heart like a housewife's sieve. So I made up my mind Madrid could wait a while, and arranged to spend the night In Bar-
of boasters, and
let the law I am not See, my hands limbs fail—not she
I saw her face, I haven't slept, eaten or rested. There will be little left for the law to do, my lord Let it l>c carried out. Let Heaven judge who i» more to blame—the woman
who deceived and maddened me who struck her in the heat of pnat-lon and wrath. I>‘t thc All Seeing Power above judge. I have
done with men “Remove him!	¦ I
“Mnv God have mercy on him He was lod away, and Lord Lisle
Before
Ralph
saw
The
fence as
Bianlsh character, as seen -from a foreign standpoint, has little In It for an American or Englishman to admire, and Jack has never been able to overcome this prejudice. All candor himself brave to a fault and dating, to»— a splendid boxer, dashing rider, keen sportsman, and no mean hand with the foils or the rifle, this American adventurer cannot understand the crafty tactics that generally go hand in hand with the Spanish nation—he cannot enter into and appreciate their methods, so different from his own.
" J trust it will be is you say. Don Carlos. My blood grows stagnant rgain, and I long for excitement. I hope your black bull will be the equal of seme I have slain In Mexico."
"What! you a bull-fighter, too, senor ?"
"Oh ! I’ve taken a turn In the ring •long with the rest, and became dis-
As Is Being Proved Every Day—Operations With All Their Risk, Expense an* Danger
Frequently Fall, But You Can Rely on
my
co nee
Or. Olxase’s Ointme
i>.
or
After
It would be difficult to imagine n more difficult case of piles to cure than that described below twenty years of misery Mr. McLaughlin was cured, and cured permanently.
Mr. Alex. McLaughlin, for 80 years a resident of Bowmanville, Ont, writes :
“For twenty long years I suffered from itching piles, and only persons who ha\e been troubled with that annoying disease can imagine what I endured during that time. About seven years ago I eaAed a druggist if he had anything to cure mo. He said that Dr Chase’» Ointment was most favorably spoken of, and on his recommendation I took a box.
“After three applications I felt better, and by the time I had used one box I wa» on a fair way to r#-
I am firmly
I
celono
" There were things to be seen there after dark, and my guide had laid out u programme, which the evening gun from the fortress towering high above the city was to usher in
gala time there—In fact, I 1m

said Lord lAslc
It
was a
agine you people of Spain, like those never saw of Italy, have seven holidays a week. the time of the trial came Soldiers' gay uniforms were every- Ashton died From thc evening he where, together with the fancy cos- gBV0 himself up, ho had never one tumes of the natives.	sensible moment. He died of brain
"Many a beautiful senorita caught feVcr; and even those he had most my eye as she showered flowers upon <leep|’y sinned against were glad me from a balcony, and black scowls I	was im	*
thc man again
I continued tho treatment until thoroughly cured, and I have not suffered any E-ii :e
convinced that the ointment made a perfect cure.
“I consider Dr. Chase's Ointment an invaluable treatment for piles. In mv case I think the cure ***» remarkable when you consider that lam getting up in years, and had been eo long a sufferer from this die-ease
ta a box, at all dealers.
This ifl the only preparation guaranteed to cure every form cf piles. 60 Edma.ison, Bates ie Co., Toronto.

ws

		




###PAGE###3###
<•» .--V ' „






WHEN MARE MISTAKE5
THE INDUSTRIOUS LIZARD
ly visible, even upon tlie whit# wall, came out of the crack with my two friends, and I knew that the family had increased to four
KISSING THE BOOK.
TWO CORONATIONS.
ANTI-SCANDAL LEAOUB,
Relic of the Time When Kissing Was General in England.
SI I
pnsrjstay; axjssu'szjz.shawri® ™-- ra-vsrtrs
HWiseii*1**
*, c.u',d :ot
In hiV^henrt ^ W,th b,tter,l0SB The expression "as strong aa a C-oapel». The laying of the hand on ' of her rrivat0 I)ir nev	° ^ to asccrtain tho truth-
horse’* is a very common one, be- the Gospels has its parallel in other |	*•_ SCANDAL REBUKED.
cause we believe the horse to bo the countries besides England. The kis«-
HOW I GROW SWEET PEAS. strongest animal we employ in this ing of the book is, however, wc bc-
* country, whereas it really is the lievc peculiar to England, or to Eng-borne grow awcot peas one xvuy, | weakest. A single cat, if it attain- land and Ireland, and it is not quite I Jn a short time will be held in ianother. Some aie successful ed the same size, could do the work easy to assign its origin to the kiss- j various towns of the Haute Vienne with them, home are not. An au- 0f three horses, and a caterpillar , ing of relics when wc apparently find and the Correze, the two depart-ihority says I grow mine in would be equal to a stable of ten. it introduced in England after all monts in France forming the old this way ; : and I always suo- In addition to being the weakest | veneration for re:les had been swept j Limousin province, the Ilair Fairs, cecd in getting a great many bios- animal proportionally, the horse ! away and made illegal.	!	or “Foires aux Cheveux.** Country
room.	. 1ro!”,tJf,n* 1 consider nivself sue- suffers from complaints and diseases It is worth noting that English [ girls will be invited to sell their
Presently, I heard a deep-toned C™;UI T*1;" Uie.m’ c.Yen	trntmmt	more numerous than those of a hu- people were more addicted to kissing tresses, or to barter them in cx-
“Chunk! Chunk?** from over the 'na' a^ec: in rf8Pects W1.th..t“at man being.	once	than they are now. Kissing as change for cheap finery and trink-
wintlow, and looking up, saw tho 1 A, t • f	P** *Pcc,all8ts- But wc are often led astray by ap- j a form of salutation was so common ets. The fairs arc usually held in
tail of the big brown lizard lashing '	* J	in !? ° 1 \e ^ro«?t pearances in the case of animals. For among them that it excited the in- ; such places as Tulle, La Roche, Can-
furiousiv. Tho next moment he .rm.n/fti *ï.	Jn f + instance, whales are erroneously be- terest and amusement of foreigners, iliac, and Lnplcau. When the girls
darted up the wall and across the % +, i * i	t	Bcved to spout water, but their nos- ; Erasmus refers to it and a Hungar- have selected the goods they desire,
ceiling, and when peace was onco i while the uni) in maI ami ,iam8n	trils are so constructed that water I inn gentleman who visited London | or received money, they kneel down
more restored the strange lizard wa» i t wvpn tl _	_ r J	cannot be drawn into them. What And moved in good society in 1663 before their executioners and become
beating a hasty retreat, minus a a ’ correenondimr mdivhv nf ? hJ they do on rising to Uie surface is was much struck with the way in | transformed into apparently beard-tail.	\tL .ns ^Vffroundgis Rkllv to drv mit to	! which men kissed ladies when they less boys in petticoats. Tho ©per-
Thc victor helped himself to a moth j ”"jdl 7 ~ jftko V-shaui-.f trench^	BREATHE OUT T1IE AIR greeted them where Hungarians alors hang up their spoils before their
as if in recompense for the services about five inches in depth. Scatter the *n their lungs which has become j would have shaken hands. Even booths as an inducement to other rendered the little lizard, and then 8eed j„ these about an inch apart Cov- heated during their immersion under Frenchmen in the Middle Ages held , girls to part with their black or went back to his territory over the er the seed with about an inch of soil thc waves, and the force sends a kissing ns a peculiarity of the Eng- brown tresses Jor a trifle. After the window.	I	and press it down firmly with the foot, fountain of water into the air. Hah nation, much as we remark up- j fairs are over the spoils arc bought
INTERESTING PETS.	I	When the young plants arc about two Neither can a camel go for days on it now among the French. It is. Up by an agent, who supplies deal-
_	. . . _	..	.. I inches tall, draw in another inch of soil without water, as it is supposed to therefore, at least possible that the er9 jn Paris and elsewhere. It is
( no night I was eating my dinner , ajjQufc them^ preg8in« R against them be able to do, but at the end of for-I kiss bestowed upon the book in tak- ! affirmed that a good deal of the hair very quietly, when two bright little w|^	^ Continue to do this as ty-eight hours it is completely ex- ing an oath may have been not so j from the heads of the Limousin girls
eyes appeared over the edge of my the p]antg grow# untp you have retunv hausted if unable to quench its much a kiss of veneration as a form | ia 8cnt to London, plate, and gradually the head of a C(1 t(# thc trench all the soil taken from thirst. In this respect the horse can of salutation or acknowledgment by lizard emerged from the shaoow, 1 1 R. The value of the trench system is hold out longer than thc camel. bodily contact, somewhat more cere-the silky white throat, pu ng o t-at not fully understood. The idea is to get We put camphor in our clothes to ! monious than manual contact, but , j)cajerM_
-every breath, an , mldio-ht likn r^ roota °f the plants so deep in the keep the moth from eating them, but | still not associated with any great | (to assistant) tongue, flashing in the lamplight like ^ thât th will not be easily affected the moth docs not relish a meal off | feeling of solemnity
mmm
half doubting air, and then scam- iyetem 0f planting.
pered away.	Nothing in the way of support
The next night my visitor return- plant so well as brush. It tal •d and ate a morsel of chicken that it readily, and finds in it exactly the kind I had placed behind a pickle bottle. 0f trellis its rambling branches need.
After that we always dined togeth-	f0 ft, choose coarse-meshed wire
er, my guest playing hide-and-seek netting. But it will generally be found among the dishes until I had finish- necessary to weave the vines out and in
ed my meal.	among the meshes before they will cling
After dinner, when the servant was * *•	~	.
gone and tho room was still, my little friend became bolder, some-1 are times catching an unwary fly with- | this network in an inch of my hand. As soon as
That of King William IV. and King Edward VII.
¦¦¦¦!¦	The parent»
came regularly to dine with me aa before, but the babies never ventured so far from home.
DEATH TO FLIES AND OTHER
INSECTS.
How the Habit of Defamatien Might Re Stepped.
APPEARANCES ABE VERY OFTEN DECEPTIVE.

They Act as Scavengers in Philippine Houses
Very Tame.
Become
THROUGH THE TELESCOPE
Daniels
shrouded in dark-And I am not
The lamp hung in the middle of the room, and one lizard discovered that within the circle of light which it cast upon the coiling was always a cloud of moths. For some weeks it feasted unmolested; but one night a strange lizard found its way into the room and in tho course of its adventures came upon the chosen spot. Tho little fellow who had already taken possession was so busy eating a big moth that he was not aware of the stranger's presence till he heard an ominous “Chunk! Chunk! Chunk I" just behind him. The stranger not only had taken a fancy to thc locality, but to tho half-eaten moth, and was preparing to fight for what remained of it. The little lizard ran for his life, but tho intruder followed, and for several seconds there was a lively scene enacted upon tho ceiling of the old Spanish

!
Some young ladies ut the house of Rev. 3. Jacob», of Cambridge!)ort, were one day talking about one of their female friends. A» he entered the room he heard the epithets, odd. singular/* etc., applied, He askod and was told the name of the young lady in question, and then said, very gravely, ' Yes, she is an odd young laxly; she is a very odd young lady. I consider her extremely singular." He then added, very impressively, “She has never been 'mown to speak ill of an absent friend.** The rebuke was- a salutary one.
HATH FAIRS
4 4
e plante will
ret ; but a better root start is made while the soil is cool and damp than
warm weather encourages a corresponding activit top, and the ground is likely
V-shapc depth.
JENNIE BARLTKOP.
A HUGE CRANE.
A gigantic crane, which is styled by the Germans as "the largest crane in the world,” is to he seen in use at Kiel. Its own weight is 450 tons, and it is capable of lifting as much as 150 tons stretches fifty yards from point to point, and is fifty yards and more high above thc foundation It is worked by electricity.
Its arm
MILES OF SALT ROCK.
The largest mass of pure rock salt in the world lies under the provint» of Galicia, Hungary to be 550 miles long, twenty miles broad, and 250 feet in thickness.
in second-hand Garments ]: "We can’t mark this suit 'Fashionable*; it's too shabby." Youthful
clothing and will eat nothing. It a tiny egg, however, which is in time hatched into a tiny insect and cats tho holes we attribute to the moth. We also say that thc house-beetle is black; but it is not so black as it looks, being in reality a luxurious brown.
"As blind as a bat’* is another ignorant phrase, for the bat has tho keenest vision of any animal and
perfectly in black riark-.	J ness, what we attribute to blind-
to it. Strings are of little value as sup- n<?s» being merely drowsiness caused port for sweet-peas unless a great many by thc brightness of thc sun. Neither u*d» ?nd they are woven into does a snake sting, but only bites,
„	’	...	. .	, despite the ugly appearance of its
r.very summer the complaint is made I /ai-i/aH inniruo, Nor can any snake
____ round a tree as tho picture
base of j b0oks would have us believe; it goes
its stomach
Assistant (a humorist):
There have been noted 151 different I "No; but y°“ might mark it 'Very forms of snow crystals.	j mucb worn *
It is known
suits t takes to
7-~

» 1

¦ >.
•a
*


can sec ness,

S

Every summer’the complaint is made forked tomruc he spied n fly he would crouch and that early in the season an aphis begins roi." lash his tail, exactly as a cat docs work among the foliage at the base of hnn
I ISSSSIe ees'BmE
bsad to seo If it was wise to make | Apply this with an ordinary garden another advance. When about with- sprayer. Begin to use it early in thc in six inches of his prey he would I season. Do not wait for the aphis to
hurl himself upon It with a rapidity appear. It is an easier matter to keep An interesting series of experi-that tho eye could not follow. Fejf, j hnn away thin it is to get rid of hlm ment» has been tried by the school indeed, were the flies that escaped after he has put in an appearance. Ap- authorities in Soyth Germany to this deadly little hunter.	ply this soap infusion twice a week, test the faculty of observation as it
One night my pet brough a pet hiking great pains to have it reach the j8 exercised by boys and girls. A with him. They came down the wall lower side of the foliage. The result Inan dressed as an ordinary work-with many misgivings, scurrying j has been extremely satisfactory with me. man and with ordinary features was back to their retreat at the slight- My plants have kept their foliage every placed in a room by himself. Classes est disturbance. Evidently my regu- j year since I ha ve used this insecticide; of gjris 0f different ages were sent lar visitor was the male and tho | and the aphis has given me no trouble, through tho room All that the newcomer was his mate. He made ; while those of ny neighbors h%yc been teacher told them was that they
ss atrs,îT^ïf	»?
brttcr-lmll to venture over, but in ¦PP’i<*t °” ï j* t]}®, eenon. end When lhey returned to their class
Wmm mmm
É^H«|	£?5sSr5£
was nibbling the chicken she would	*	features, the remainder to both feu-
wag her tail slowly, spread her four	-?-----turcs and clothes. .
tittle bird-like feet in readiness for flight, and watch closely for any
show of treachery on my part.	Probably the most curious Euro-
One morning two empty egg shells, pean oath is administered in Nor- Bullets made of precious stones each about	the size of a	humming-	way.HTho witness raises him thumb,	are rarities in warfare. But dur-
bird's	egg.	dropped upon	the table,	his forefinger, and his middle finger,	ing the fighting on the Kashmir
bluish white,	and would	These signify the Trinity, while the	frontier, when the British troops debirds'	eggs, had	larger of tho uplifted fingers is sup-	feated the rebellious Hunzas, the na-
posed to represent the soul of the	Lives used bullet» of garnets encased
90 witness and the smaller to'indicate in lead. The British preserved
many as curiosities*

when it sees a mouse, he would creep forward
J

t

4 A





» \
t
WHAT BOYS AND GIRLS SEE
4 •











4 J
Xi
o
it
7


The same experiments
in •



v.

m
THE OATH IN NORWAY
• «
PRECIOUS BULLETS

They were a have passed lor they not been Joined together Thai night two baby lizard»,	¦
tiny and pale that they were scarce- 1 hi» body
ON THE WAY TO TIIE CORONATION.
He—You know one of my ancestor» was beheaded in the Tower/* She (of London)—Oh! how perfectly lovely!


###PAGE###4###


RIGHT AT THE FRONT
THE EQUITY.
shawville, June i9, 1902. Sylvester achinery
SMART & SMITH
MASSEY-HARRIS
Seasonable
Goods..
with it full line of
SHAWVILLE
WARE-ROOMS

A*
IV ••
VM


Also n stock of
ADAMS* WAGONS,
DHANTFORI) CARR I AG KS ami
EXPRESSES. DOWSEU/S WASHERS, WRINGERS ami LEADER CHVRXS.
Conservative Policy Endorsed.
WW

PREPARE FOR THE HAY HARVEST.

It is a matter of congratulation among C mservattvea, that the conference of the Dominion boards of trade recently held in Toronto, endort oi in every particular thu policy which1 Mr. U. L Borden and his followers ?o warmly urged upon the
vormmn' during the pist tao sessiota; ».rooms next do P. McRaes
end which Sir Wilfred Laurier and his |	___
loyal majority s) strenuously opposed.
The c.invention was perhapa the m< * » representative, from a bunness standpoint ever convened in Canada, and men from the Atlantip and the Pacific,—Dec* n-
datita of Britain ar.d France,—were most | P. 9. Hay Forks, emphatic in dliving home the spur to the sides of the lagging government horse.
A Mutual Preference between Canada and the Motherland; a Fast A'lautic Service; a taritifor Canadians which will protect home industry; the removal of the embargo on Canadian cattle in British markets; a system of imperial defence; and state owned cables, were among the progressive measures cal ! o I for. Sir Wilfred Laurier has placid himself fairly and squarely on record again*t several of tlu innovations, and I ' as for the others, he confesses his inn bility to carry them to a satisfactory conclusion. bir Wilfred lias ever been credited with the gift of forestalling public opinion, but he has failed lamentably of late. As the ountry grows, hie perception of its needs is becoming more and more crude, and if he does not come out of the Coronation Conference with flying colors, there ia bound to be a reaction set in from one end of the country to the other.
** »
The success of the Massey-Harris Mower is due to its possessing the following special advantages:
First of all—Quality.
Folding Bar, operated automatically by coil spring.
Adjustible Whiffletrees.
Largest range of Tilt of any Mower made.
Barbed Wire Field Hoes Paris Green
Shovels, &e.
Everything in Builders’ Supplies
including Paints.
1
9
A Call Solicited.

*
Vi
R. J. HAMILTON.

Â
Mdt
JUBILEE CHIMES ^|so
** No. 32335, A. T. R.
A vide Bake with a Frame that will not sag.
Standard Bred arjd Registered.
Si ml by HAWLEY CHI MHS No. 27WS. Time. 2.111. Dam, X vlveteen ; time 1>y Glencoe (iohlust. No.
Made in following sizes :
L’ij Tooth— 9 ft 0 in. wide. 30 Tooth—10 ft. 0 in. wide. 34 Tooth—12 feet wide.
II1,.
1 for tlic sev at Slmwvillv during .season of UKtf. health permit!
Tkums ; For the season SV time of service horse is my property.
er's risl
Jubiliez Vliinus will st of Ma
MACFARLANE BROS.
* 1
/
I II
V\
pay
»1
t l

W1
vurt
w it


I, 1)1 MAS.
At Mctiuiiv > l lot i !
c|
SMART & SMITH.
1902
1902
wvine.
A NEWLY REBUILT MILL !
Deer and Moose.
QLARENDON
ROLLER
mu î s HICH CLASS MEDIUM
All well disposed persons are expected, and ii U their duty, to assist the Game British Preference Thrown Away. | Warden in protecting the deer and moose
during i season.
Many lire humanely doing so now, but more eon Id and should do it out of kindness to those harmless and beautiful animals. All that is necessary i- to drop a and meal, and three pence par hundred tine saying when and where the deer or weight on grain, came as a thunderbolt moose were hunted, molested or killed.
from a clear sky into tha ranks of Can- and by whom, and if by more than one
person, give tue
. xAQ ,	, n î I ' i s better but not necessary, that you
l-,8 down to the present tune, the C m .should give your name, unless vou wNh
aervative party hare urged upon the to tie paid for your trouble.
Government the right of Canada to a I All correspondence strictly private and
reciprocal preference at the hands of confidential. Address
Bo^dl^intî!5iucdU molution* tmbody J	Ml Gn! W^en'
ingthis sentiment. Sir Wilfred Laurier	whoïïtt îL/conZn ^
and his followers voted against it, to a ah follows :
man. They did so, because Sir W ilfre l, “ So person owning, having or harbor Sir Richard C.irtwiight, lion. XV. S. iner anv dog accustomed to hunt and pur F elding and otheis claimed that it was deer shall allow Midi dog to run at
a r-dicu’°"s re»o,“tion- .v.nt‘i hjs.und
ret . rned to protection and dcJared for a vein lier of one year and the twentieth of duty on foodstuffs, thi y said, Canada October of t he following year, tinder pen-could not hope to reap advantage from ally of a fine of at least $5.00 and not ex a reciprocal preference. Mr. Fielding feeding 62.*>.(U
declared that it waa ‘‘ arrant humbug '	foun?!
to expect England tu tax her food supply running at large, hunting or coursing in I his is the key note of the whole argu- such locality between the»)*ovc mentioned me it of the Liberal party against a red- dates—1 Ed. X II, C. 12, s. 4. procal preference.	___________________________________
The announcement of the decision of the Biitish Government to impose a duty of tive pence per hundred-weight on flour
FURNITURE.
Remember that we are adding to our reputation as manufacturers of Hum Grade Flour.
You don’t Oatch Us standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation already established, No, sir !
We want Hard Milling Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large sti ck of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Prices Right.
ada's “Fit Reform ' Government. From
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards Kitchen Tables,
)

»
JAMES WILSON.
o----

UNDERTAKING BRANCH
y place inhab- = first day of No- __
cCOBMIOK MOWERS
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
. G-RAHAM.
ARE BUILT RIGHT

Get the McCormick
JHE SHAWÏILLE SASH and DOOR
>
fRESH ARRIVALS
Public Notice

St. James1 Division Crime.
11 !f I


To all wljom it may Concern.

Edouard Lefebvre, the young man who was twice nut out r f the wav as a dan-

IN
II


Ml

i	in the St. JarncV dlectiml Munlvip ' taxe» n italning unpaid
crime case, has again turned up, ax d lias on Jhv 1st day or du.v. next, I*.*'2. shail bv
1	collected as the law directs, without fail.
; I The Mayor instructed to attend to the matter.

¦
FACTORY

been held by fudge CVquet in 82,000. two sureties cf 81,<>00 each. The judge intends to see justice carried out, and Lefebvre has given evidence to the effect, that while he was representative of Mr. J. II. Bergeron, the Conservante candidate, who opposed Mr. Brur.e', M.
P , the present Liberal member ft r the riding, a man named Monro camo to the poll and offered him money to keep hia Wanted for 1. 2 and fl, Mnsham, Co. eye* shut. Later, Arthur E. Brunet, WrijAt, with First or Second ('Ins. Din
¦W«*»'¦	r.. S^StoSSrSBMR
came along and offered witness &lo and usî	Address,
a position to “see nothing.” Hetu, the	AND. HAMILTON,
returning officer, paid Lefebvre 85 and	Secretary Trens
promised §10 later on.	lAjeellei» P. 0„
Lefebvre then told how the ballot	°' WHght. Quo.
box was opened and the ballots for Bergeron taken out, and J. M. N. Dciy, the representative of Aid. Brunet, the Liberal candid ite read from the votaV list names which were in the poll-bcok, and Ifertu, the deputy returning officer marked bailors for Brunet, and put them into the box.
Towards the end the ballots were examined, and it was found that tl ere were still fifteen ballots marked for Mr.
Bergeron, when Hetu destroyed the ballots, ail but four, and replaced them by ballots marked for Brunet.
It’s up to the Toronto Globe to explain that everything is perfectly correct about the latest revelations.




(Formerly McCredie & fjodgins)
HUGH MATHESON, Sec.-Trens., of Municipality of Clarendon. Shaw \ ille, June 2nd, 1902.	¦
RUN LIGHT.
V-—
AT THE
Is again built up
If!
II
dash Store,
Big 4 Mower, 6 or 7 foot cut
Vertical Lift Mower 4 A or 5 “ Little 4 (1-horse) 3 i or 4 “
Female Proleslast Teacii8rs: ^ hay-
and
ready for business.
10 feet 20 Teeth 10 feet 32	“
12 feet 40 “
8 feet 20 Teeth
8	feet 20 0 feet 23 “
9	feet 2d
STARK’S
CORNERS.
4 »
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH VP - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, T IIE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: GOOD WORK DONE. ::
Ail Steel, Self-Dump.
Eg" Repairs on hand.
• •
0. A HOWARD - AGENT - SHAWVILLE.
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin,
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
NOTICE.
• •
• • • •
• •
THE MARKETS.
NOTICE
Thoroughbred Ayrshire Bull, registered No. ll.'rfM. Ilv«! .miiu;t! ot the l»i' 1 in : lie .
count y. Service fee 81.OU for one and re- Jo FropSl’ty-HolderS Of Ulârôndon. duced rates for more.	|	r 1
^|
.	Clarendon Front.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
SHAW VILLE.
Wheat (standard) OS to 75c. Flour per barrel, §3.40 to $3.80. Oats per bushel, 40 to 00c. Pease per bushel. 70 to 75c. Buckwheat, 45c. per bush.
Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Eggs, per dozen, 11 to 12c. Butter, per pound, 15 to 16c. Wool, per pound, 13 to 13c. Pelts, each, 35 to 45c.
Hides, $4.50 to $5.50.
Calfskins, 45 to 65 cents each.
The property holders of Clarendon who are desirous of availing themselves of the council's otter in reference to the ac-thirteen Liberal rcoresentativesowe their I ceptanev of barb wire for fencing purposes,
a call. Without the gerrymander, which lin,i that all information regarding the served the Mbwafc Government in its procuring of the same may be obtained time, that of Mr. Rosa would hare fallen from the undersigned, last month. One illustration will show	By order, H. MATHESON.
how the things works: Toion’o is Conservative. 1rs four members, with those of East and West York, into which the
c ty extends, represent on an average I that Mr. Ross has made not less The Toionto Mail and Empire has 0Vt,r 43,000 people. Algorna is not than $3,000,000 on the deal. Friends made a calculation based on the official Conservative. It is scarcely fettled, has j say that $12,000,000 wou’d not be or other reliable returns, which shows	area many Government roads and I too large an amount to credit Mr. Ross
the constituencies in the recent Ontario 0ther works which have received Govern- with ss his gains for the year. The elections to have given majority as ment appropriations. It is a constituency public is already intima*® with hia con-follows	I in which presumably there are more than | naction with the Cape Breton enterprises.
In favor of Conservatives	21,40/	^ usual proportion of voters open to the ' In Dominion Steel it is estimated that
in favor of Liberals ^^^^^^^13,134 | ^fluence of the public purse. Algoma's Mr. Ross' holdings have increased fully
four members represent, on the average, $4,000,000 in value, while it is claimed 7,333 I under 10,000 persons, Toronto and that he made at least $5,000,000 on the Algoma represent, the extremes:n thes-rt rise in Dominion Coal, when that stock of business a gerrymander accomplishes, was carried from 35 to 245 in one of the There are other constituencies where the most exciting campaigns ever seen on effect is the same, but less marked. They the Montreal stock exchange. The year's enable the public to understand how, by I work, in fact, places Mr. Ross in the disregarding juatice and violating the ! foremost ranks of Canada's richest men. spirit of the constitution, the Liberal Indeed, it is doubtful if his fortune now c I machine rules in the province of Ontario. | is exceeded by any save Lord Strathcoaa's. Mont real Gazette.
SILAS YOUNG.
PERT C. HODGINS.
Here it is ! STT The Place
Shawville, June 0,1902.
Majority Against Ross.
Teacher Wanted.
SASH and DOOR
Wanted For School
No. 1 I.ower Litchfield, Female teacher holding first Class Elementary Diploma. Application, stating salary expected, to be addressed to the under-signed uot later than the 20th of June, 1902.
PETER MCLEAN.
Sec.-Trcnaurer, Bryson Que.
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Excess in favor of Conservatives
In connection with my former business I have just placed in position ft > set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
* s' ^
The judicial recounts have slightly affected this, in the way cf increasing the msjority of ballot.s counted for Conservative candidates. Under the system of electing members by constituencies there will of necessity almost be discrepancies between the division of the popular vote between parlies and that of the represen tatives elected. For this, ordinarly, no one is to blame. It is doubtful, however, if the discrepancy was ever so marked as
indeed,
promises a reversal of the destitutions I one of them is james ross who cleared I in Parliament to open the way for Sir intention, and a rule of the majority by twelve million dollars dcbi.no ! John Thompson’s entry into federal pub the miaority. The difference in the	this year.	he life, and ao made possible the most
majorities for the candidates of the two	—	brilliant, if one of the briefest, of great
parties generally has been already com | Montres1., June 11.—It is pretty wt 11 careers in the anna’s of Canadian states roented on. There are nine'een con- understood on the street, says the Uhip. Whether Judge Muleaac had an atituencies in which the Conservative j Herald, that Mr. James Ross, one of j idea of what would come from hta act candidate received majoiities of over 500; ] our leading Canadian 44 captains of in cannot be told, but it had mumeutons in only seven constituencies did a Liberal dostry " hie made more money during | consequences, not the least of which was candidate get 500 majority. There were the past year than any other man in | the puttieg at the head of the Ooveru-
nine esses in which a Conservative re Canada Mr. Ross has just completel ment of Canada a man of the highest	I
ceived 800 majority or over, and only : ihe sa'e of the R rmmgham railway in intellectual powers which he gave to his	despatches have	fallen	to	the	lot of re-
three in which so large a majority was ! England, and people in a position to country's service with no thought bat to	form	sohod	lads	in	South	Africa,	says
cast for a Liberal. Oa the other hand, I know a little about the transaction claim ! secure its good.	Lord	Leigh.

The Terms of Peace.
&
Cjpe Town, June 11.—An extraordinary issue of the cfticial Gazette published today fixes July 10 as the limit In which B-jers or rebtls who surrender will receive the benefit of the peace terms. All rebels surrendering before that date will merely be disfranchised for life and will not be subject to trial or punishment. Exception is made in the case of
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Hepairiqg
field cornets and justices of the peace, I i* ._ ,	.	.
who may be tried and fined or imprisoned «Nûâtly Q.QH0 211 lOWGSt but they will not he executed. The rebels	ttwnaa
who hold out after July 10 will be subject	Jp*lC6Se
to the extreme penalty for high trea |	--
DALE BROS.,
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
Judge Angus Mclsaac, of Antigonish, it de,d He will be remembered ae the man who, in 1835, vacated his seat
Canada’s Rich Men.
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-class work.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage In the pwL I shall look forward to a future m crease in business.
son.
Three Victoria crosses, ten distinguished service medals, to oromotions to om-missoned rank and four mentioned in
Shawville.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
proprietor
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.





J*


###PAGE###5###

THBBOSOS* »OWOOOTIW9lj*iàded.
cIcnlytfofitiiid'soLaiyeScjWWeflWSmKis.
AASMLEBYIVopp,
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No. 1H8.
SH AW VILLENS
fi.o.E
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
fit hi, T.s ii Ed even y tuürhday at HHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, WE.
SUBSCRIPTION^!.00 a year in ADVANOE.
No paper «topped until all arrearage» are paid, uuloss by special arrangement with the publisher.
Meets the 4th Wed net day of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. S. Babbitt, F.s
GREATEST STUB I
FOUR BIC SPEEttt
f LHC
J. A. Cowan, R 8
John Beckett, C.It.,
:o:
T%,KiK(MI#a(A8talbll#8Aamm
ADVERTISING RATES %
Legal advertising, fight cents per line for first Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at W OO per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of # cents per line for first Insertion and & cents for subsequent Insertions.
^Do m m e rc I r longer
Advertisements received without Instructing accompany!*)* them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly
HAWVTLLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN SNllTIji Proprietor.
s
Tlèdrhppowéd
/
advertising by the month or The spot for— period» Inserted at low rates, |	.
be given on application
FOR FIRST WEEK OF JUNE SEUUIIWC !
t
A Fashionable Hair Cut,
r

1
Good Shampoo, ok A Clean Shave.
#
#

1
' i3T Your Turn next.
Read carefully every Paragraph in th&hfcli List:—
Hosiery Specials :	Neckwear 8|fipisitls :
ÏN-th, marriage and death notices published fr<e o/charge. Obituary poetry three cents per tine.
S
i
CEO. HYNES,
t
mrSippwttoDr
5
JOB PRINTING.
Aiir'Elnda of Job Printing neatly and cheaply ex»ftit/*d. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN
FURNITURE FALEIt AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
We lmvo placed itii NloelKAlklifrgfcH'K line of Meu i IYiiP •ml Made-up TjcsJ *tftn(toV1^dto*WAI > 25 cunt, ::0 cent atut tipi d%t^n^ . We undersell thein ifH^*^ ioy—
We brighten the first week in June enthusiasm in Hosiery in this wise : Women's Plain Black “ Everfost Stainless ’’Cotton Hose, made with
Publisher.
REBEaiiBfMOLI! EQUf HHÏNII UlffBDIWMIlR 0
A iAti fciBiQÏteAiAôrzecifi	biioheltiltit BitiMo,
N. IV. Maiti *btouaoB.e r. : ; : :
Business Cards.
'o,
full fashioned legs, Lisle finish, very elastic instep, and a fine well finished cotton, to he sold first week in June—
MEDICAL.
Ea&qtetiOtt
c.
DR.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of t une-ral Furnishings, ranging from the — I plainest requisites to the most elegant-r ly designed. All calls receive personal - attendance. Open day and night.
i
e with the crowds WthWhia First weeKMlmAune.
(
M*
Per pair 15c.
Belkfe>pU4t*ttjhigittger<tiiti;'Sie^ïti|a»O»t|ie0j66iflj6tel#!of tlidho
7. H-’^tMbeà ntaoliinbitwadduk'tt-oùÿ'Wafrvroynm;
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE :
at the new house built by James Cuthbertson, opposite the Exhibition grounds.
MAIN ST., EAST. t
At home—Monday, Wednesday and Sat-urdayeftvrnoons. Telephone In ofttce.
Tie S
a
i lo
Men’s Colored Cambric Shirts :
AA • SM* LE5Y.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
Our stock of Men’s Colored Shirts is nutiM ^oifiptepif to Come in and see the neglige line made ficffioigci&etotcli Zephyr, cuffs attached—all new patterns for api##in#iitnd summer wear. Prices each ............................ .. - - Gûeâêpts.
JJ .FF.Gmcmæu’sp
Liaatosmitth,
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trlutty University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omd AMD Residence : J. H Armstrong's House, MAIN STREET - • 6HAWVILLB.
District and Country.
)
The iron bridge at Portneuf, Quebec, and four email wooden bridges were washed away during a storm. The loss is $20,000.
Corsets :
LEGAL.
Since the opening of the war in November, 1800, Canada has contributed 7,000 men towards the en:p re's de-
D. LECUERRIER,
Ask to see the new Corset placed into stock this week, fur tfte 41 No Brass Eyelets.” Every pair guaranteed or money
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday, Thurs-1 fence, clay and Friday of every week. Office at R. McC. Ritchie's residence.
HéfmfcfUpmtarlofor
Thomas Cashen, of St. Cathaiiues, was working in a trench, when the ea'th caved in. He died scon after being taken out.

Come, see, look around and make comparisons—that is'alP fci YHk.&a^'hc^* test is easy.
week of June selling at the Busiest Store in Shaw ville.
You can decide for yourself. Be with the *drt>tfl§w§JA) &hkt&rat
BQDRBEAD RAINVILLE, L, L, L
*1
fiait h:.i carried three by-laws, one for a dietnet park, at second for waerworks Axtensi m, arid a third for a Carnegie library site.
EL A. Mai beano, of Whitten, Que wae shot and killed by hia nine-year-o'd I
Office: Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks | *on,and a C «oners jury returned s
verdict of self-defence.
Ii a dispute in a Windsor billiard room A* gus McLeod knocked Wd lam Dalton
^	U/DIPUT I down with a cue. Dalton may not re-1
G EOi G* W KlUil 1 y | cover, and McLeod is under arrest.
El8gajjtSil$8ï®i«l nflrite Soodafis, ReBdyrii6[d»dBliMiMg?$ntieilwMie?r, CrBceeiespÇhOtBnantiSItiiwwve, JettolleHyi3(ndnBaliiyc6o8dejls, >
d3d^aBg*ttisittow)gt)8$8nki ialla WHTtat dïdèded
j. a,.9H8»«âreL w.........L&D3SM%rnji
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
G.F.HODGINflS
Wm. gamble,
• I
9
ADVOCATE, Ac.,
tit., Ottawa, Out.
P. S.—Monday, Wednesday and Friday of each week tlds '	v
6 o’clock.
AT S11AWVILLE EVERY MONDAY.
ADVOCATE» BARRISTER* AC«» I President Schwab, of the s et-1 trust, OF THE PROVINCE ok QUEBEC,	hat appointed hia brother 11 Joe” preai-
Trust Building—	|d»nt tf American #r«»1 'mmdrei com-
43 Sparks Street, Ottawa.	pit y, vv ih a sau’y of $3f),Û00 a y tar.
Phone No. 1321.	Tr.o c >n.«r stone of the new beet supar
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pont: at i&ctoty ai Wnrion was laid by Prend- tv Districts.	1 Mille, of tie Oi.t«rio Agriculture Col-
lege, Gulph.
Sa
Gold Med WL
Another


Wf9!

t
'n
sttihgglWfc
.amW..
FFFsè+i nggTiæMèe
!

W. W. IRELAND,
Br ckville ratepayers carried by-law»
to expend $10,000 (jt Exhibition bui’d-
. iogs an 1 $11,000 in improvements to the Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, T,jsrn Ha,|. The $20,000 bonus to the
Mortgagee, etc., executed legally a ml satis- Union Hat Company was defeated, faciorlly.
I COM COM )
The Pan American Exposition GdldMdrtielltil (the highest award) was awarded to Lobatt’s Ales and Stout.
For Agency, address 3 St. Peter Street,—QUStiCBEC.
Clerk of the District Magistrates’ Court*
The Council of Montreal has passed a e I by-law to permit stoiei to keep opt n on Sunday which sell fruit,candy, cigars and temperance drink?, but on condition that they sell til of the articles and net merely come of them.
QUE
SHAWVILLE
?—
S. A. MAC KAY, B.C.L,,
‘ , NOTXRY FOR THE an AND .SAVINGS ONTARIO.
NOTARY PU8LU\ RELIANCE LOaî CO., OF 0
Public Nâtttiœe.
it was found impossible to save them, so Reginald Daly, an Ontario man, but I rapidly did they spread through the build-latterly of Harvard, has been appointed j ing.
Canadian geologist to the international	____
S2ÏÏÎ SX Brave Boy Save, Pa„.„ger
United States.	1	iram*
S,
money to loan on easy terms.
- QUE.
All manner of pers### »,,wha %\0	e"'1
School oi municipal	fHt* thw
of Thorne, and will ndt ' taxes in full before thé	uy D^lw'
1902, will be pmsecGtW! tA# wA Uenlleiue»,bewa^^c^^^^
Sec.sPteS&T
Wft
BRYSON,
Will be in Shaw ville on Tuesday of every week.
!g
ÎÆSflfflTpyAfl&'fT.^ 5CU32Œ3£^H»,
UsSdVtofft2CM(âiaJitSsts - - SuSsex&SCtCowœri.
J, J. TURNER,	I The citch of mackerel along the Cape I rushes across burning bridge. ucap-
L1CEN8ED AUCTIONEER for the County grdton coast exceeds the catch for any ing blazing ties and performs
3SiSSïsK?Krl^s,4	. , _________________
or private sale on reasonable terms. Pub- commenced, the catch thus far exceeds	Derby, Conn., June 11.—Clutching a- .	, .
WATCHMAKER | four lumbermen, three extractors, four	Sparke from a locomotive ignited the
manufacturers,	I covered portion of the wooden trestle
woik across the Naugatuck nver between this city mud Anaonia. Thomas Conway, an aged gate tender saw the flames. Not
ZN1 .	, ,	_	,	. being lithe enough to cross the ties
Clergue h« returned from Ottawa after himltlf| he paaaed the red flag to young a protracted meeting of the director. of Brady> the cn’y peraon he aaw near, and the conaolidated company. It i* «aid told him t0 reaoh the Derby aide if he that negotiatione are in progreea for the po„ibly Cl)ujd acd .top the train then purchase by the syndicate of the Canada near
Atlantic. Dr. Seward Webb was in the Conway saw young Brady disappear Soo a few days ago and held • confer- ewanowe<j up m the flame aud smoke.-•nee with Clergue. W ebb s option on It Memed ig0S befcra the lad emerged,
Éke Canada Atlantic expire*, June lit. — but the piucky youth kept on and had 1 he purchase of the r .1 la |>;ut <>f a reacbeda point a hundred feet beyond plan to combine the l »n*<ia Atlantic, tbe trestle when be sankdown exhausted.
< ariadian Northern, Mamtouhn, North | T|ien be heird the train coming aud he Shore and Algoma Central, and complete vvftVed the flag, a great transcontinental system to compete with the C.P.R.

By order at Thorne-,rTVb l June 2nd 1902. '	/	>

RCWUlSOlOLDHie
à
1 I
1 t
&J28»T4B«MteA QTymmMamwwembkm
> Ti	-ANflD*D-



I
poiraac«i(fliiBFjewNo* ws.
SutiDmariTmiaiCaiSird.
free
aMiHAS Wf.t €0 \ 'llotited ’ e
Three Ships Gb	Ê&
East London, Capiè4KMfi^?®!Mïl —The Norwegians Hamburg, March1 18, ifir Wslwnj the Sweedish bvlp. Aui4WT,*'‘
Oct. 15. for E»st man bark Eliz Link. ' froiM about Feburary l.*fdr ?VnlU&t? ™ been wrecked durirtjfrEh%fy*#FiWâU^st gale. All the efrewrof tfie^tbA*WrF^re drowned, except ^ the ^a ashore. The creWl Vf ' vessels were saved y The1 with wreckagé knd*,4fj> rfbH&0IWf bark's cargoes.
\u
Î
0. N, XNBNW. MtAILWlAVAY.
Traifrtfo. m lèâviea0g,IAlW*U6rJM.) M, TraürrNo.NttZ mrnrnré^ “8.25c^Mk.M, ) Ttoih Sio. Ï86 léttteftve*' ‘7.457ALMUM, > Teato-àio. 3W Wbrai vé* '; aOOflBM?. M\ T(R5r#o.N% Wedeevef ‘T.301&MI M, TétOfrtfo. mam v<* 'S.OOmW.M, T+aSrKo.MU&4e*ve4> ‘ 9.30ûAiMl.K. TtaSi No. 30* Wiroivt* “6.45GR3K.M,
tad
JEWELLER
IMP!
A SELECT STOCK Of
watches,
CLOCKS*
JKW1LLKRT.
BILTORWARI
Ac. Ac. I
Æ
<TO
ro
Clergue as a Merger.

m
à
4r.A

r,orfro
NSKWHOBHRY


Sault Ste. Marie, Jnne 12.—F. H.

9s
ftf*

Sr\
e



*
a;
mx.
MMBATSHMm
F
¦It
psses
'kfe<p«‘diid*«ski
Oi*w


REPAIltWt-r ^
A Speciality:

¦&*&*** <**tAck
.)
P. P, T. RAHATiAWAY.
11H rratti No. 30ü lüNesM,
I TtairNo.Nto àttiani 1 9.23ÜÆAL.M*.
*	TfoirNo. 3N LtiWeavej“ ''6.
•	Tfaïr-*o.3t6ti*Airivét ' 4.:*3tAAL.M,
’SBAIVllLB, 1.
I
HHHHHHHHHHHHHPVaw*	jjt w* wwiWr <w*wit
A French Deputy u	G*6MN»#èpWl&mw^ô&y#Rge
thief to the Preeithraf* ite
and a free fight fôllèwi <***& faitMAlteV »4vo##^^lM^kW»tMdWp#6pWro dt-zen members to( fc pk-P.,rt*
A despatch fr^m	MliAMA ttlnlèndl
Fdlconio, the Papal	. L, Jpwh»IMl<PiiMCT^ i'6fo<*lBAÜÔ>FpN
baa been definitelyii*ttFa|*MWit^e-£AMRti»8A«M«SSiKS._
gate in the United 8mwâleSi
t . -	- *
PATENTS
Ksssssax.
§ Shtbutinrbofiyuily._ J
f-	I
yf .Aë.ms ' -fi.^dav-i ft i ’n i ns oaiyinly.
ur-r
iSriitihayuay.
The engine diiver hsw the tignal and •topped the train two hundred feet from the burning tics. Representative Hallock, of this city, announced his intention tonight of giving young Brady a
PROMPTLY SECURED
11V
For
tOlsIU
A Chicago Horror.
0B#
rHteketà erfarther infanimti oil	d >-
itanweL-atrniXAKOJDl'NCANAV
I)isL 6h*k.uAg<*iâ, tl, 42S|urUs.St^tM
Ottâyw.v^tünt,
On Wednesday of last week Dine men | gold watch, and one women were killed and thirty persons were injured by the burning of a Sanitarium, conducted by St. Luke’s Society, in Chicago. g ^
I>y far the greater portion of patients received in the institution were those seeking cure from the drink and drug habits. When fire broke out there was on the fifth floor a number of patients suffering from delirium tremens and some who were deranged by drugs. Several of these were strapped to their beds, and
ffftttlMtitffeod.
.ft
Emperor Willlii*
of the new gun, mudY'lks*4#a#*A$’#tA) mise fiom Henf Krifp^' clusively for the ’^fae^Wf ftethfle navy. •
The propeller QcffaPHhn^lhti smashed No. 2 gstifrf and the water tarried The propeller was^^aAFl-^ditWtétW^' harbor and datriegedg fly taMArotidF A’lan Liner Pâittîàtf)'
*
pro-
Killed on Shipboard.
The Ooveruor General received word Wednesday by cable from casualty depiriment that Melvin Gorto of the 4th Canadian Mounted rifles had been accidentally killed on lnard the troopship Winifred is n at sea on June fl. Be enlisted at Newcastle, N B.
• The same message also states that E.
« MAA.H
Mb
P.iwwetoSMM^N,

PATENT SOLICITOM » EXP**»
s-, My uf Civil Bttglnsers.
, ! Mrsurassy
UNHMneiA.Tiew7(ib w R )
d
t.
»! Ker&W *4»(* )WccUW#dre(b iChfoagoagv In »pMIWSi«tiwttlri|ltotl^aÉWW4<^ fei-V i ^l^iWtsA%*Hlfetllibb)okh«h 4riiMé-wlthitfejatap< anjcfhasyuir
• w4iiwibiirtyij|Avrt.
* V i"“ 1 Tlitii (*i:ST«rgnr yn!
,|>60f	anietegit««i)ArÉl nembarbef elfoiitep-
, h4 diet *»i t b tllwlh tiécfcsçle# nacbeib*ài#.«p.
nu GaïUaamàsiias
an.
the





__L
^92126
###PAGE###6###


NOTES and comments.
another should be studied.	There can be no doubt that were i,,v",lt‘rH 1 And like the Ue Wet of TOBACCO haq x/AXTTe,
=====mm#
- •	mm
[| iiSE-'HEïiSfgEÊ^-^1 Els-H™EEHHEimilSSl'
cook rapidly lift con minutes, then	STARCH FOR LACKS	work.	cornered/1	mo	often born “located” ,h® birch *» used as well m the
pour of! the hot water, and pour	‘	Probably our first "Do Wet” was 80 of,en "hw rounded,” ho often ^ an,d almost equally fewd. Next
for! on cold to whiten it ; pour that off	a/°	•©much that dl- tho gallant Herewnrd the Wake a ,irtimlI>r "killed.” Yet he ever rone t0 a thrashing, the cells are the ,
and return it to the stove covered I	** thczu UP a,° al>* true Saxon to the core. What a agti 1,1 from somewhere, and dropped mof /beaded punishment within a
with hot water «gain. It should | T y .	*	pretty dance ho led William the wi,h bf« drsi rt followers upon un- Punishment. The man sentenced to
l: J U - tj	BE™	SH 2* ISvSk HSxtKi
first, mhock. After a time I got the not Rtlr whiI<> cooking, but use a 5 “	.Vig Watcr‘ Place °» tho the defeat and death of Harold 1 0,1 more frpely when we knew that proof 6611 • which is almost dark
etearlng gear to work and headed v®8se] w‘th » handle, and tosa »t L®	0,#	a	Ltea" fiut Here ward got n body of men his '‘tinal end” had truly come.	Third ln the list of severer pun-
r.-~ f,h"-r—-as.%Sm'?r-T^'ï "^affinairsrarsnzzlü —*— I?sr
—*- " —”	“ "• "•»" '«p.X2srars,s ¦ z ™= ™„ush "de wet." U	wvrrs ‘trz,.
Still another appel long way is to ! of °?,d "»**• it *wk for William offered him terms ; he teTdin^! *>Udding or ^^t(lus Uamo bv ûw Jl'TCÜT ,
ra»	! HH	“ c'"‘
only describe as sounding as though l‘our ovcr the top one cupful of «_ leasts which are given fused this.	ays, l hursdays, ami Saturdays The business man who is wide
every bit of machinery In the world cook"d, tomatoes, after having sea- jvussia T ',i8tricta ,of , 1!ia ^scandante Hxe to-day. the A pINT OK SOUP. awake to his own interests wants to
sir^ z	a r“re3 S=s= ™~=~ SS5b-S
ie^
imam
j H. Miller, ,	er f,e ”ot than even Llewellyn Kaln lost health, and the death rate
Sin is never at a stay; if we do not JVas* 1 robably the greatest of all ie only ten per thousand—less than
Uct8 of any country half that of the healthiest towns in
carriage for an hour or two when \lt> nnd the farther on we go the | tjie famou8 Owen Glendowcr.,l the country.	The Secretary of the American
the weather is fine will atone for more wo have to Come back.-Bar- , J he stratagems by which Glcndower I The work is not the hopeless toil Treasury ordered an investigation to
keeping it in unventiluted rooms in 1 roTT; . ,	,	,	.	J	iv V f -	1Ina‘1*0,"War	»s	Henry	of the tread-wheel. Men are put to ascertain whether safes can be ro-
the house. What it needs and wTmt ^ind looks, kind words, kind acts, 1V- for nearly ten years, and his tradcsr-tailoring and shocm^inn- garded as burglar-proof. Experts ¦	a11 children,-and grown ;ieoplo as : on(! warm hand-shnkes-these are sec-! warrior-son, Henry V., for another ' Principally. Many at Portland and reported that the finest steel can be
The smallest microbe yet known is well, need is not simply a few ! on(lary means of grace when men arc 1X6 years, have given Owen a right Dartmoor work m the open air Pierced with the aid of eaicKto haxt) been discovered by Mr. breaths of fresh air a half dozen m troub,e’ are f,ghtinR their un- to bp considered the most cunning Then there are various privileges compoundL*nowh to cveryCex O. Voges, of Buenos Ayres. "It is times a day, but a continuous sup- 8e€n battles.—Hr. John Hall.	anaid rave of all "Do Wets” of the an <* even money, to be gained by ' cd burglai. This compound is call-
much less than the influenza bacillus, P1^* Not oven a half day in the	 +_ p w * _er ..	GOOD BEHAVIOR AND ward ed thermite, nnd when mixed with
and only just discernible whefl mag- °Pen 041,1 atone for spending the	. ,y„ UIiPS **endower was	WORK	magnesium powder itVsoftens
aided about 1500 times.” Tho work rest of the day, and very probably A TIME-SAVING DEVICE. I	got aWa-v • how .	hardest met* to tmcT an extent that
¦s mmwmwmmm—=
their beauty. How strange it is 1 m T i. T the individual Is at i toll. Hut it may be safely said that <m° lettjer ,n 8ix months, and receive their sight when they are between
MOURNING SUNDAY."	.“u/S fcS.tjlsHr frf‘	|	"«% ita	“TtïT^T t X'llS’CUS,'‘ MlJt
A curious custom obtains among children with one-half the car* " h's white light is turned on. When I taught Henry how to use his brains earn a gratuity of a shilling a This blindness is tuused by tho ex-
%	srssjrrssjstupi —Vts7«......si1»1 --1*
M “ïï ira1: ,.M„„hr .Lisr s"-s ?-üs* «s Dprr     J-* « txtrjxss
son s relations as are available meet the invention of a delicate imrtr» y important matters his bine light ,ifl methods of eluding the English : (c,ass* distinguished by yellow fao “Mummy, dear, I do wish I might together and go to church. So far ment, accessible to every household Û® in ®vidoncci. wbilc tho display of »c«. who was a real “De Wet” In »*» He may now send and get one give some money for poor children s
s.':iisr.s ^ ™	d5~ œ ssrsar1 zs: rr, 4ïïtji« js;
stu—• zt 1 XtS:	¦“ I — w 7 " »“• u“ v. .n. tMa.: ! s. «.sn, a&zra.. s: “
ward participation In the servies. I	_ I , ,	F?*!?9 ,urning whcn wetted ]?tter Dlay now reach him once |n »Glcmnly for a moment, and then
London postmen cover between lhat n must go out owing to the thrce months. He may look for- add; "Must it be sugar, mummyV1 them about 55,000 miles daily. j alUcks of Hdward I. upon it.	j Ward to a forty-minutes' visit once “Why, no, darling. What would you
2,000 million cigars are smoked THE SCOTTISH "DE WET” I in thc 8amo time.	like to do without?” "How wfruld
yearly in the United Kingdom. | And then, too, there was UrurA LrtLnüT.	BLpcnaI «rvitude ®oap do. mummy, thon?” «rishned
uru°e, 1 prisoner s discharge he may pa* in-1 the small maiden, In
reads of the awful erup-| # tion in Martinique and St. Vincent, ? the appalling loss of lift and the # horrible agony of many of tho vio 2 tiins of the disaster, it is with I T mingled feelings of sadness and ¦terntfeoo. It is difficult to
pnhoml the real extent of the awful calamity
Recipes for the Kitchen, hygiene and Other Notes for the Housekeeper.
con-, ,
coin-
r(‘a l r that this terrible pyrotechnic tuid titanic upheaval •lands
least in modern history.
Gapt. Freeman, who was terribly burnt, but lived
Mild in part:
to toll the story, others produced
Which ' f *
I remember seeing huge clouds of flame and steam ing from the ship
4 4
ri&-
men were wringing their hands, and people wore Jumping from her decks fnto the boiling water. Their deaths must have been instantaneous,
tho water was seething like a caldron
i
i
It looked like a mass of boiling mud. Many of
cook
1
i
i
1
i
1
i]
ï

!
«
i
1
A
v
cares
a
of
v
V
g
the
M. Albert, the owner of
an
n
u
hig his experience, stood still Mont Pel^o seemed
shudder and a moaning sound issued from its crater
vc
says:	"As I
can
nice
V
But
T
C4
HI
an appe-never suf-
a
/

«
tho
ti
con#
ml
hi
XV
FINDING THE WAY.
Pi
dr
a
di
C<
F
seen
cane, and where a fraction of
R]
Tl:
ly
ho
I
COI
ing
am
on
boj
ten
long. Transfixed I stood, not knowing in what direction to floe.
thi
the
plo
wo
nee
tho
con
for
it
one
to escape It
sol
and
one
tioi
pet
hav
ext
abo
a n
of magnifying power.”
for
nom
put
Wo speak
the
Jn
emp
his
righ
ing
will
mim
forn
umphs pale into in significance when contrasted with the terrible
out
give
slacl
ploy
advt
of fl wou wou whet or h read
What hidden force» lie dormant which may bo called forth at a moment's
AÏB FOR THE BABY.
a moment fancy that,	.	*	- J I-------,,
I outdoors in its ! fetreat *rom it, we shall advance in former
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦	it, and the farther on we go the Was the	______
more wo have to come back.—Bar- | The stratagems by which Glcndower I
defied such a man-of-war as Henry of the tread-whMl
-------------------- ---- ,	• for nearly ten years, and
and warm hand-shakos—these are sec- ^arnor-son, Henry V., for miumer i p* "luruii, ondary means of grace when men arc *lve years» have given Owen a right Dartmoor
notice, transforming luxuriant valleys and fruitful plains into a howl-1 sending an infant tog wilderness
Don't for
BURGLARS AND STEEL SAFES
It
ever,
a/Tni
A TINY MICROBE
-
a c
15
ness
latio
ployi
cons!
bor,
profl
life <
and
foum
formi
tied
toget
In th
of pr
consi
the
A BUNDING INDUSTRY
*:¦<

life
what
the i
than
too i
of mi
count
too 1
to tl
forts.
aimec
way
men,
Faim
FACIAL BLEMISH.
successful hostess selects her givaU <rom
No
than 587 languages
Sfcrope,
are Just os the I carefully









###PAGE###7###

cfhy, 'fi*Ju+%Iêÿ */tôfUt/ $(ut (JtA/ À4 MtC Humd/firf*
&tv y*u/ ^tAïUs $*nu ,
have the power, to make their work from early morning until late at night, and looked at from other standpoint than that of
WOMAN'S FORTITUDE,
men
AN UNFOIITUNATH ATTEMPT.
What shrunk your woolens ? Why did holes wear so soon ? You used common soap.
\
H-blue
They had been having a discussion concerning the necessity or otherwise of purchasing a new silk dress in order to be on a level with the Do Moneys next door. Banks had vetoed the purchase on the ground of extravagance and want of funds, and his wife was much put out.
"Dinner ready, my dear?" he asked, in his most conciliatory ner. Her face had been like a stale
over since the die-Banks wanted to
no
an*
AIL-1 *onal gain, it is a very decided mistake. Incidentally it may not be amiss to say that the farmer ought not to ask his sons to do what no reasonable man would expect his hired men to do. Many a good boy has been driven from homo by that sort of treatment.
Then again it is a matter of the first Importance that the men
treatvd.^m
Behind the veil of her womanly I houses if not largo should at least modesty and fortitude, nearly every be made comfortable. The gardens
sutlers indescribably from attached should be largo enough to
istead
f that meat their for a imply
SEVERELY TRIED BY MENTS PECULIAR TO HER
SEX.
Sunlight
Soap
Ordinary Medicine Will Not Cure Because it Merely Touches the Symptoms—How to Get at
the Root of the Trouble.
the
irnui-
REDUCES
D
thunderstorm agreement, end
< ii.mge
yes," answered Mrs
aise
their
serv-
Thcir

ft
EXPENSE
j

V
hard
4 *
, short-
en
svery
may
cook
rhich
K,
ly
woman
time to lime, and continues to sul- enable them to gn.w vegetables for for in flU>ite of all her effort», because their own use, but not so large os dkuiry medicine 1» powerless to do to take up too much of their time, o™ in such cum. Ordinary modi- and if a few apples and small fruits cine may give temporary relief—oven can be grown on the ground they a purgative may do that—but the will be more appreciated than by <me great medical discovery capable those who can afford to buy them.
W permanently curing and provent- A cow is almost a necessity to a *ng a retu rn of tho ailment is Dr family on the farm end an arrange-Williams' Pink Pills. These pills are ment should be made to have it pas-not an ordinary medicine; they aio tured, but on no account have It not a paient medicine, but tho pro wintered by tho farmer. It is too flcfiptlon o^a regularly practising severe a trial of human nature to physician who used them in hie pri- allow a hired man to feed his cow vat# practice for years before they from his employer's meal box, and were given to tho public under the is almost
name of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills. SURE TO CAUSE TROUBLE.
They aro the best medicine for man, , The faculty of getting on well with onJj medicine for woman. Mrs. & rod men on the farm Is well worth *,°hn Mclverr, Clnckney, N.W. 1., Lyitivating. My own experience
sax» :	Dr. Williams I ink l i Is have leads me to know that if you engage
Sed ÎÜ10 muny a doll<ir in doctors' good men there is little trouble in I*or 8/)me years I was greatly keeping them, if we, as employers, afflicted with ailments that make the do our part. It is our duty to try life of so many of my sex miserable, ^o make them as comfortable as cir-il tried many medicines but found no cumstances will permit If we do so relief until I ln-gan the use of Dr. Wo may expect faithful service, and Williams link Pills* Ihc.e pills from good men we will get it Let
have made me feel hi e a new per- the rules be strictly laid down and	-,	.
son ; the almost continuous su/Tor- adhered to, and on no consideration «eneon and are exceedingly smart, both
e: SHHj	5 psSSHs
SMTSsbr	szfsiss ¦stay: saws; M
*¦¦,1
a box or six boxes for $2.fi0, bv ad- KA8.t Jew ye“ ^tnnrtv en.nlovmcnt o î"o y8rd,9 °f Vftttrial 21 inehc8 widfi. ..	-4- Tho London estate of the Duke of
dressing The Dr. Williams' Medicine d5a to en	„ 2 1-2 •Yard8 44 ,nc,lce w,de- ®r 2 yards In a thunderstorm which occurred Bedford covets 118* acres. There
Co., Brockville. Ont.	^ ^ound but conditions are 52 inches wide will be required.	in the South of England on June are about 3,000 residences or shops
'still unsatisfactory in many dis-	-*- 6th. I860, lasting two hours. 1,244 vn this estate ¦
St-rsl eeuben draper, sr - “m-
the cheapest. Try and get hold of good men and where conditions will admit of it, have profitable employment the year round, and use them ¦ ttB you would like to be used if you The Dominion Live Stock Com- werc |n their circumstances, misai oner Gives Some Good	y tv. HODSON,
Advice.	Live Stock Commissioner.
“Must try again," maid Banks to
trîssIU» Dawson Commission Co.,
void,' Sarah."	Can handle your BUTTIR, EGOS, POULTRY (allvs or dressed), 8TRAW4IRRil£
"You often wiffcr from headache," | APPUI, TOM tTOll, other Fruits, VEGETABLES or PROBUOE to good advantage.
Shipping tag#, stamp#, pads supplied. Correspondence invited.
ord
/
go

hich
who returned, in u cutting tone.
Banks drew his chair up to table with unnecessary noise, refrained further attempts at dilation for the rest of the day.

*
k
tho
may
•on-
The
It costs Just as much to put on poor paint as it does pure paint. It octts more ! because it 1* harder to work. Buy good paint, but don't pay any more than you need to pay. Buy
IPaint It Well
/
rap-
salt
\
the

text
i -
i
the
f
Ramsay’s Paints
a


to

)

a
I
and you get the oldest and beet known paints In Canada, brought to perfection with GO y ears' experience in the best materials that go to make the beet paint. Easy to work, durable, fair price for best goods, handy cans Drop us a card and ask for BOOKLET “K" FREE, showing how some homes are painted.
V,

if
%
<
Ceylon Tea I» the finest *Jjj Tea the world produces, and Is sole? only In lead | ftÿ_ packets.
Clack, Mixed and Green.
•pan tea drinker* try "Salads" Gmc tea.
iso-
%
\
- u
n'-
un-
i
\
>1)9.
1
"GIBSON" BLOUSE JACKET
\
i
ho,
\
Blouse jackets with "Gibson” plaits are among the latest features of the
nd

DNin
"y
bo
Eetib. 1442
A. RAMSAY ft SON,
Paint Makorc
Lho
HARD TO SATISFY
/
on
T	^ ?JÊÊPrJ ’ MONTREAL
of
Some men are hard to please, peciolly in their flustered and ill-natured moods. A good story is told of such a nmn, a banker.
One day, when nothing had seemed to suit him, he broke out suddenly to one of the clerks, in a tone like a thunder-clap:
Look here, Jones, this won’t do! These figures are a perfect disgrace. An office boy could do better. Look nt that five, will you? It looks just like a three. Nobody would take it for anything else. Look at it, I say."
es-
res
of
cream
it,
he
The finest matches In the world, made from •eft eerfcy pine, and especially suitable
ch
E.B. Eddy’s
Headlight Parlour Matches
Mon-
Sulphurous.
Odorless.
Every Stick— A Match
Every Match— A Lighter
Every tody ask
is
for
# •
in-
fer domestic use—
an
99
ii
put up In neat eliding boxes,asserted colors each box containing about 640 match three boxes In a pack
ut
o,
on
f-
iy
T—cr—I beg pardon, sir," began the trembling clerk, "but—er—well, you see, sir, it is a three."
mg#
10
1-
%
All First Dealers.
f^WWW H4+W-H4kJ4 M M M 4+TH M"# W i i P
And the subject dropped
lo
WPG 1133
O
I-
is
the most popular dentifrice
y
ro-
ll
FARM LABOR QUESTION
For Orrp Slxtf Tcnr*.
Av Old and Wen-Taieo Rkmidt. - Wn Wioslfiw¦ KopthmgSyrup has been used for ever elity ralliions of mother» for their children while
sya
is the best remedy for Uiarrhce» la piei«ani to the ,	“oli by dnj*gi»t# In every part of the word.
Do you know cwenty-dv# cent» » bo ;le. It» value is kealoulable.
should be tied?”	' Wia,l0,‘	Sjm**
"Yes; with a sin-	______
CALVERT'S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
I
fl
Mlrard’s Linlfneot the best Hair Res'orei
few men have had such
A THRILLING EXPERIENCE.
RELATIONS BETWEEN EMPLOYER AND EMPLOYED.
t
1
t
---	She (artlessly)
A Quebec Gentleman Who Relates how n love-knot an Interesting Story of a Nar. ,fe (meaningly):
s7r.H”L"J;HrE I «a SsÆwZ I ci	isTHFH	I « rjyr*
on a	satisfactory basis as farm	la- aity of Toronto, will he	held in tho	alive to-day	who	have	passer
bor.	There are various causes which | Gymnasium on Friday,	June 13th,	through such	a	terrible	trial	us Mr
tend	to bring about this state	of j a{ 7.30 p.m. The aim	is to make	** Draper of	this place. Mr. Dm
none more	so the dinner as informal	as possible,	Por says:
unreasonableness of fcm- an<j <0 gi\e all who attend an op-	. rou! four y°ttrB aF° 1	tnl
ployers. Socialists tell us that the j portunity of renewing old acquaint-	i!l with what 1 thought wa*
world could produce enough for its nnccs and making new ones. In a I travel needs if every man worked, but half word, the occasion will be one when tho number of hours that is now aq Cnn be boys again and live over considered n working day; but un- memory the happy days spent at fortunately on our Canadian farms old Varsity. The dinner is to be a it seems necessary for the farmer source of benefit to the University and his men to put in each day a a8 well as of pleasure to those at-solid day's work all the year round, tending. Tickets are $2.00 The an-and even then it is difficult to hold nuftj business meeting of the Asso-one's own among the keen competi- elation will be held at 3 o’clock on tion. In these days when the com- the afternoon of Thursday, Juno petition between capital and labor 12th. Cheap railway rates are as-have become so intense that a little Rured. Buy a single ticket to To-extra strain at any time may bring ronto, and at the same time procure about tho most serious results, it is a standard railway certificate, which a matter of no small importance when countersigned by the Secretary for farmers to consider whether Gf the Association will entitle you something more cannot be done to to a return ticket free or at one-put tho labor question, as it affects third fare. Kindly inform the Seethe farm, on a better basis.	ret ary, Fred J. Smale, Toronto, as
In an ideal condition of affairs, the soon as possible whether you can employer would never ask or expect attend, his men to do more work than was right or reasonable, and when hiring would in all cases be steady and willing to give a fair and just remuneration for services to be performed, and would endeavor to carry | ACKNOWLEDGED
THING AS A LABOR SAVER
4 i
Preserves the teeth. #western# the hreath Strengthens the gums
)
I
ex-
Brass Band
no
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury
Instrumente, Drums, Uniforme Etc.
EVERY TOWN OAN HAVE B BAND
Lotveefc price# ever quoted. Fire cuwalogur. u0<) illustrations, mailed free. Write us for any thing in Munie or tlnsleal ItiAtrouirat«.
An average pair of engine driving-wheel run 66,773 miles before they are worn out.
things and perhaps than tho
aa mercury will mrely destroy the eense of iimeli and completely derange the whole system when entiring :t through the mucouy surface*. Flops Her Cengu	I Huch articles should merer be used except on
,IT	_	.	.	_	end work# #IT She Cold.	prescripiloiM from reputable physicians, a# the
I was suffering great pain so I	Lax&îlve Bromo-Quinine Tablet* cure » cold	damage	they willdo isteu fold to the good you
sent for the doctor,	he gave me	in one day. Mo Lure. No Pay. Price *6 cent* I can possibly derive from them, lia 1* Catarrh
r - "d -,d - — ti„„ „	, sesas.:
“He came twice more	and charged	used aline in I reach and English	mucous	surfaces of the eysitom. In buying
me fifteen dollars. I	was ft little	without change of spelling.	fAdSï
better but not at all well, and in a	--- Ohio, by F. J. Cheney & Co. Testimoniale
%"m,ftft.r,tookft^
“This time I sent for another doctor, with about the same results, only I was getting weaker oil the time.
WHULEY ROYOE & 00., Limited,
Toronto, Ont and Winnipeg, Man
.^preparation made from cr ide-pEAU MONT^
rec< ot yearF. A pure sen wpa«dyoire for 4II throat, bronthisl and lung at «•**••, opr su mb' lion in its es filer stages, and rhsuiu^tisnf.
Large bottle prepaid to any address on rsl celpt of one dollar. Address.
BEAUMONT MEDICAL COMPANY,
Box 569. Beatmunt. Tetae, U.ti A.
!
The railways of Great Britain have just over 150 miles of tunnel. The seven longest railway tunnels !
1 made ugly faces at your stuck-up sister the other day, but I suppose she didn’t see me.” “Oh, yes,	. . . , Al_
she did, but she thought they were|‘iaxc a	length of 13 miles,
natural.”
1 1
“Then a man advised me to try Dodd’s Kidney Pills, for he said they had cured his mother.
“I thought I would try them and I got a box and commenced to take them right away.
“In just one week after I had taken in the first dose, I parsed a stone as large as a bean, and in four days
WHEELING AGAIN IN FAVORI S&gJ&ZS,
commenced to feel Better at once.
“The improvement continued and I gained strength very rapidly until in a short	mftÊÊÈHf/ÊÈ
ever.
CARPET DYEINQ
sod Gleaning. This Is a specialty wUh Ihe
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING OO.
Send particulars by post and we are sure is satisfy.
TO < I/IIK A COLD 1» OXF, DAY.
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. A l druggists refund the money if It falls to our». K. W. Grove s signature is on each bux. die.
The most expensive war of recent times was the American Civil War of 1862-65. Its total cost to sides was 2,000 millions.
WIRE WOUNDS.
Address Box 1M, Montreal.
My mare, u very valuable one, was badly bruised and cut by * being caught in a wire fence. Some of the wounds would not heal, although I tried many different medicines. Dr. Bell advised, me to use MINARD’9 I LINIMENT, diluted at first, then stronger as the sores began to look better, until, after three weeks, the sores have healed, and best of all the hair is growing well, and is not white, as is most always the case in horse wounds.
TO PRINTERS
both
FOR SALE.—Two t*r a volution Campbell Presses, bed 40x56 hiobee. Splendid order. Price 11,600 eaob. Terms easy
# FRANK WILSON,
73 West Adelaide 8t., Toronte
Millard's Liniment is k best
THE BEST
out a system of farming that would give employment to his men in the
slack part ot the year4 The tm- I Thousands Using the Bicycle
2ZZT., Z'lZTbZt Throughout ,h. c.™»,. of a temporary scarcity of labor; It took the public nearly three would never shirk his work, but years to realize just what a useful would be faithful in doing his duty, article a bicycle is. At one time whether his employer were with him wheeling amounted to a positive or not, and would in all cases be craze. The uniqueness of the ma-ready to put forth an extra effort chine itself appealed to the fancy v AT A BUSY TIME.	of nearly everyone. Two years ago
It is scarcely to be expected, how- many tired of it as a novelty and
| m |	¦	0f all of us since then gradually began
toffee I that it was an invaluable convenience for covering distances, saving time and money, and was positively unequalled as a vehicle for exercise pleasant to take. This is given generally as the reason for ! what is known as the bicycle revival.
The cities have not alone wakened up to appreciate the good qualities of the wheel, but throughout the 1 country districts there has been remarkable movement, a movement indeed more easily understood than that ill the cities, where means of
transportation are many. It is safe -Well. I've guessed ye this time, to say that there is nothing so if, funny I didn't think of it be-absolutely useful as a bicycle on a ,ore. you-*, e mesmerist." farm, where the post office or ones ; am nothing of the kind." friendly neighbor are several miles -Well, I'll give up. What is your away ; and the price of the best ilne? I know you're in the biz. wheel is now within easy reach of ’cause I heered that young feller call any pockctbook.	| ye per fesser “
"I’m an instructor in Greek rhetoric and ancient history.”
WM JHHJU m	"An' ye can’t do no tricks, ner
If you want one of the best wheels I play music, ner hypnotize?”	I Mrs. Highup:	Yes, I advertised I BB HUMBUfl	-
made anywhere on earth, "Cleve-	“Of course not.”	for a footman, but you are too1
land,” “Massey-Harrls,” Brant-	Tho man turned and	gazed out	of	small. You will hardly do.” Appli-
ford,” or Perfect,” write, to the	the window on the opposite side	of I	cant (backing out of the room):
Canada Cycle & Motor Co., 34 King	the carriage.	"Then you didn’t really want a foot-
St. West, for particulars of June	“An’ ho calls hissell	per/eeeerÎhe !	man, mum you wanted a six-foot-1 * *
proposition. Write to-dgy.	J said.
time I was as well as
l,2o0,000 men are employed in the I -	. ,	, ,	• , -
coal mines of the world. The death j DOVtllWIOfl LmS ot6SIHSnipS
them by accidents is 1 in
“This is over four years ago, and I have not had the slightest return of the trouble since, so that I know now that my cure was an absolute and permanent one."
among
602.
Montreal to Urerpoei. 9m got Partie»# to Liverpool.
n to U
Vie Qeeeme-
F. M. DOUGET.
Weymouth
jar
rstceof of the
Ittftif woo#
Minard’s Liniment Cures La Grippe
THREE THOUSAND BONFIRES
A chain of bonfires, extending throughout the length and breadth of the three kingdoms, will illumine the night of the Coronation. The arrangements are already well advanced ; the country has been divided into districts, and circulars will shortly be issued giving all necessary particulars. At five minutes to ten o'clock on the night of June 26th a detonating rocket will
rpoMof*
Co»p»aj
A POOR KIND OF PROFESSOR
7. or
D.T
i-dVortlooA
The train was about to leave the and a young man leaned
shook hands
150 children
out of 1,000 born die before they are a year old.
Moaimd
station,
through the window,
with the middle-aged gentleman, and said:
“Good-bye, professor.”
A man with wide stripes in his shirt front looked at him narrowly, and after the train had started said:
'Sanra
car s ?' ’
“No, I never touched a card ” “Mehbe ye play the pianny?”
J "I know nothing of music, except-ie I ing as a mathematical science.” a 1	' Well, ye ain’t no boxer. I kin see
that by yer build. Mebbe ye play billiards?”
“Hé."
Woods Photo.Engraving
^J.L JONES CNG.C?;
BAY STREET-TORONIÔ
ever, that such a Utopian state affairs will ever exist while frail his i##» nature remains^ as it is, but by
of a little plought{ul-ness and mutual forbearance the relations between employer and employed may be much improved. In considering the question of farm labor, as it effects the operations and profit? of the farm, and tho home life of the dwellers there, morally and socially, it will generally be found on large or moderately large farms, that the employment of married men boarding themselves, is altogether preferable to boarding men in the house. Outside the question of profits there is the all-important consideration of home life—the home life cannot by any possibility be what home life ought to be when
the farm[^MMpriHH|flHHHHl|
than a boarding house too much to aay that the future life of many a bright boy or girl in this country has been a failure through too little attention having been paid to their yearning for home comforts. One of the first things to be aimed at in operating a farm in this way is to employ none but good men, and then do everything In reason to make their lives comfortable. Fanners have no right, even If they
FITS
EPILEPSY
¦	, ,	X THE CANADA PERMANENT
Sd'SS	rati U*MI OF Utlin FIT HUE. ::	,e,te,n canaoa
SL*vaZ “• 3-0OT "* l"!sSÊSkSS'SSs :: ¦“T““ompmatiw
N trt.i betu* with valuable Tree ,• rhe aainolebetUe will bexnt by «ail, yrapaid, loyooi I
1 : :
ye do any tricks with
nte
DERIVATION OF “YANKEE
It is generally supposed that this term originated shortly after the landing of the Pilgrim Fathers on Plymouth Rock in America, about 1620. The Indians asked them of what people they were, to which query they, of course, replied “English.” But the red v man could not twiet his tongue round that word, and “Yangeese,” and “Yangkies” was as near as he found he could get to it.
INVESTMENTS
$23,000,000
ABURNTCHILDii
President. GEORGE GOODERHAM T
ee 1^be5LTTtfERMRT1MaA 8Sn* '*
. I % W Vke President, W. H. BKATTY %
is nothing better It is not
su
A GOOD CHANCE TO GET A
WHEEL.
BONDS

la which Execute™ and Treat aether*tfd to Invest Truet
1 wt h are acceptable a# deposit bj Oaaadlaa Govern

æ
ISSUED AT 4 PER CENT.
4-H-I-H444-H-H-H-H-I -H-i-W



M
###PAGE###8###
r»




\



0Diitlai?saaddS8Ba6fi.
E. HODCINS & SOU'S ADVT.
HBOLD UP
DBwdidtcrflhBStihtmmntnhd on a pipttlylfSBiiBbBfflseSrisiweyc a •asfcymJT fartai o *u+
a minute ami read thin, If your clothe» an Are beginning to approach a condition of ;t.t. innocuous desuetude, which will innko It t. It necessai^f to discard them. We want )v< your patronage-not for one time only, l but permanently. If we can get the (" former we are certain to secure the lat* tt f ter. Why Î Our stock is so large we w will have the kind you want. By selling »o >o many Suite it enables us to sell so v'.'.scheap. Our fit and workmanship are all
upright.
« r,
BARGAINS IN WHITEWEAR

W5VTéodeoSiafiaièaimo teelàeèh«âyygu^ieds.WlVïliaU'Mh)do
chtiaii» is \\si'ltt^ogdo6dQbda(Mat hDtoih-RiBce.WAYe hnhamaàaile^istiidÿ' CïdhtiiSàilKitl'fl.dcpiixuipaqntisrtlijfumir stcsflodk fsvfroé ûfl ajltbkhdtylesiéndmMwotattües.WiWoiÿuyl ouPuÿliSfcvieéiidnlecfilinoitiidlibt'jlcsÉi matiuiujttUTvrsXuNo :niddtWlei;ansu^rqcfitrfitibifo|rv)grotu ^oiyiagr thdlibiSHAwmi.E HaBooaNANiiitiHOto tàrojîE.
We have a few lines of Ladies’ Whitewear
which we will offer at greatly reduced prices
9
r
1-
A. R. McGUIRE,
The Tailor.
Night Gowns
U nderskirts
# ,
Drawers
Chemeses
Corset Covers
JVM
MKaimmbMkmüülle.
#
\
Tfl9ie6âaraldaléfdfetBnmyÿll16dioB$es
TT.ffll. WILSON & GO.
V
V
Œoukikfai: attention is itiataietibt&the following
*
AfWftVsUWng |5(5ËÏÎL:
St btfft, Closing
These are real nice, well-finished goods, and are sure to sell quickly.
SiBük84tiid Satins are moving freely.
InlihBress Materials there is a more pro-nowronoed demand for plain goods.
StSfcdi)dily developing activity is noted for Lil4neni and kindred Fabrics with twine-cobolored Muslin to match.
NMWhftWii* ürpbMbalebaxbik tNetBerBa^ile.iCbhditBfl^dfih
hwemny tiNtWntot» tlwi Rl	iVHpan* 11 (V; ^ oiwwtrklh	f
TPPP^iPiÉS
ÈssBssEssæsBsgsê
fcoi W6rs^wi*t hfM^Xfh l.tK h?tiiW«Ms,n.>aw .km* w,inü <<w;.#*ii#,i tn *VriwU,“t
:	>*lg#*A"4HWtlW'%ind.	1 IM#* truly/WÈ*Ka5oKwi^
1
Now is the time to make your selections of Muslins and Embroideries.
1.1
MiMlitilns.—Last week was a record-breaker in the salea<M of Muslins. With the advent of hot weather we4bithrow our whole stock of beautiful Muslins to tlutk^ mercy of the public regardless of profit.
PrlMees range from 5c. to 50c. per yard.
LaLftcfcb Curtains and Curtainettes are being frçftrWÿ bought.
For Ffcfr &fkr at-
;Wm.	;J. F.Wysmith
T. & t	WttwbWte Bay ; Silas jfertoingty 'taftpftftners.
J- E-Jî*llâhiWye6Wl*Fltond ; Drug^^ret^^Mitie ; W. H^^XIu^^ClItiwell
*i	tift*	‘<l£*
P*r!-WlHwWji wds'"Wk4i#r	iW Wwef n
RidlIkléÀtf'Oafcal ^n-'H.^brt-tWv	in£ ' WdvWW tfvk <M 6*>i itya h ( V-N)f i ^ H à Ju!
gn	i»r	. U.t	^yoj. ^ L
lSMiw IftWtigei*.	W'ftM WiWl ’Mttiti tli jfo 1 iqf <u \U* y, ,iV i i i vm ;•>„jH |\i
cy.leyvMhbt'vifR <tiMidS-swM»:'»tflSii#g ¦& *	|fy 6uA,u(W»iNL • I I 1
______ I	tJfe ifc**t»dWWb<ifi • f I 6
------------ IfkWilum * 8 8
PT0$$EhAg^SNj^dEfc^iiuf^m»3W:4vU,f^WaW,n
—»—	®	1 Cf
?.. .]%#,	:*W< x6*:Tmiwp. ';tf •ao‘Fr-
•¦Si,	y s ||as s'$|i
va]uW*WlÜB“«Mb.“Wfy‘%
psreWShmilM^nt. MfiienMi e %lv
Plif,
.. _r_
the Myk
had tfeiMfnpftft #!	\
o'cl(W Wymÿre
up mfWhdffi##, aJkferf! la.W stvfswJB^ Vf8 Ml
:
E. HODGINS & SON.
of
uiOtiro6«flee%;Department will be found replete in every respect
. WILSON & GO.
THE FAVORITE
i


f\
(Selling Out I

4
Ce
,
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.

Come in for Bargains
in all lines.
Everything Must Go !
We ean Business !
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
AT
|BEEE£
rtir'Sheen.
WAINMAN’S.
;
'A
zn
the
R oi
-3W;
tiNaiSjhu YoWjtf£eiidice also of several other makes in
Co0feo8:tBtttves as well as a fine range of
and Triple Heaters.
dar
béa; li
Al
IS
«K uH«*
t
t
tfitic
n&

proiAWy the the *k-dffiPy
.on@4)f
i
B4fifttàjtïtiS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
°* which we have a variety in stock.
g
°»
ARMSTRONG BROS
°n*
t ÿSî
«Mrtiffn d##c4"#«W cMMffiÿ tmJW'lŸH'ea'ÿinleSPÇW S greuWWJirvtfWftfWirf poor8TAWffinWfv#^Sl
the
met
n a
¦J
® Wnfiiftf & Stove Furnishings,
cou
bars
i
m
LADYSMITH.
WM™
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
SHAWVILLB.

l

p*m
Clot
jk#iRNB
om
1
lie»,' M
vi
fell
i	!hALff.u? h^,llftaà8fieled and Ponte consideration of the Council, copy of a
^rMcSn.kvle w	w. WiiW ins me, was again letter of Instructions for Valuators, which
85d ? îwl11»!	rhe* Council, and after he is authorized to send to the Secretary
^Vmtui'onl PKS1 SfniSoratidh Ml was moved by May- Treasurer of eich Municipality forth-
Ç.3T/PéditK,' jècbndei by Mayor i with.
&y niatter be left over to Mayor Meredith moves, seconded by jMr^SÆ^ 'hf the Council, that the ! Mayor McGuire, the Secretary-Treasurer rial Wkêfield and Pontefrac; i be authorized to purchase twenty-two ^mrhisnivMe vduncil with a detailed j (22) copies of It. S. Municipal Code, —CatTied.	j now in press, from C Therot, Montreal,
i^S-te/Wea.uror ,.'d that he had forlltho “>e of the different Municipalities «Medfti getting a corrected ac- <" th™ Count,.-Gamed.
•n rnam’iSftariç, of insane for 1901 I SIo';6,d by Mayor Hayes,seconded by May-¦ «•miflilnijt. Hoi, therefore g Ad"™! !hlt.,n ,the fent of the bocal
amount claimed le„ Uonieipditw having failed to pay m
sr q rrq at sq
Mm^ii-llitughen.i., Calumet, I 'h? P'^ent of interest due on the
I	w:o j
Hfflv.1*0? 1 le C' un, r ^ | authorized and empowerd to borrow from fL^^t C icliester, testifying Uhe Bank of Ottawa one thousand dol- j
, tiiT.. , kla aPaH 0 r? Pay f ,r i lars, a id sign a note for the same on be-.ahdè of her husband, insane, ; half of lhig Council.—Carried.
ty. m	| The Council adjourned on motion of
ArJBf thé Municipal Council of Mayor Hayes, seconded by Mayor alkn ^ the Seqond Division Lucas.
lULïf1 î^nfiâc, asking a grant	William G. LbRoy,
Hospital of Villemarie was ! Secretary-Treasurer of the Corporation on the Council.	I of the First Division of the County of |
Fonluc.
as be Som
f mwgm & pm<i *m* m, ,4lsk8f#*nm5
liâeitymëmiWtffflfa iîw	N
vMf-.Ja*» t'huL^o^.pf Litchfield, w sre on business Thursday.	.
the
¦ &~Spi3&3fosst price for Hides and Pelts.
bec
mm

an
Wedding Rings.
K,
ance
e
town, i
»ps

Cou
ma
OU HCl
*
ouncil
n
See our large assortment of 10-K, 14K. and 18K. Seamless Wedding Rings.
Our Wedding Kings are all. that they should be be—there arc none better and few
member—Quality.
Bear in mind our Wedding Rings as well
as the other goods we, sell are just as represented.
Froi

Cofi
Cou
M i n quart of mtift
E * '- ." S
or can	¦
as good—and	j| z
f.t»
rngBsm
SlllllSii
:: WHYTE::
land
THE WATCHMAKER
Opposite Pontiac Rouse, - - - SRawirille.
ifth moves, seconded by , t}v*ï*â grant of $2j bi ib'ital of Yillemaiûat Baie
Too
Mr. John Dodds, of Peterboro’, was csught in tho pulley of a shingle mill and
ed,
¦ift/' submittel fur the ’ killed


