###PAGE###1###


!
i
No. 3
19fH Yeah.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, JUDY 11, 1001
$1.00 a Yeak
in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
LOCALS THAT PAY

Mm|.:c Syrup In nn(j W cent tins, at M<'1 I hk k Grocery,
Huy your Twine at.f. If. ShnwX
A nice assortment of fresh vegetable* a? iho I’a lace Grocery.
For the latest style of photos go to I ml- $6,000,000. I |.,if®.s(;m.Trjr “n<l m#p!c w)r"P "t The
- 2,600,000.1 r.sStet.T grans:
able and effective remedy for Diarrhoea Dysentery, Colic, Cramps and Sumner complaints. It can he relied upon to cure. Price 25 cents per bottle.

lloâd Om^î .. .. Capital aiilwi-rllnd Capital paid up ..
OTTAWA, VA’fADA.
..........$ 1,994,1)00.
......... UHMl,f40.
......... 1,000,4M.
0F CANADA.
ï* lk Shaw k
Splendid Results.
• ' h< m ! Tw I ne,
tl,!. uM "V ore «III taking photos at u,< 0,(1	If. lwmx.
r nml Shingles for sale. Smart
lteat
Jioard of Directors
SOIL
Chakleh Maoris, Ehq., President
Ubouoe Hay, ehq.,'Vice-President loi. (Iwo. Binon. Jr Alix. Khaki
CAPITAL
Lu in be & Smith
FUND
I ' h ( oflve the tx-st brands (Java ami . lo< <u gn.und while you wait at The I Alice Grocery, Shaw ville.
>
Our big Discount Sale a great success. Goods moving out at a lively rate. 'She purchasing public appreciate such bargains as we are giving, and we are thankful for a large and increasing trade, and to express our appreciation we will for a short time do still better for all who may favor us with their patronage.
Head Office, • Montreal.
O EO lui F. BURN D. M. FINNIK
O'ntral Marap^r .. .. M.itios«r
Till.... s,o„.
Dr. SUclthouw, Surgeon Dcntkt, wifl IVud.r-, „„„s,
Money Joined on ipproved Mcurlty al I m°0nth ; ’(CnpMIVi liny ^ Jn-wcoml ; f**t reasonable rate*.	Couloiige the third ; and Shuwville the
Farm*™ note» bought and collected.	fourth week.
Money transferred to nil part» of the world. | Having an office fitted wi»h thn latest
and most approved dental appliances,
I»; MacG'wgur is in n position to render AecourV* opened for amount* of one do!« | the most effective ficrvico to patients
Room r !’ I'
A call solicited.
— — f i
For Mtli* at
firenrhf» •
IN ONTARIO
K>fwn!|n, Keitptr He,
Mb t taw»,
Ottnwn,
SHAW VILLE BRANCH,
Alexandria, A re prior, Avoemore, Biwobrldge
, pine apples,
now 0,1 han-l nt The J'ai.ai it (jitcil hhv^
tie Cream Separator before i he latest and best for sale by
Smart & Smith.
Unarlr,
Tarry Hound, remhrokit, Rat Win
do Bank St. Bruftr-w do Ridf*u St. Turuntii.
See the M you l
do
Cariste
V
llawkentui), Vault leek Hill, Smith’e Falls
IN MANITOBA :
D >n ' <?f‘f‘eive yourself. If you are about *o purchase an enlargement, why not come wiicie you can get full .value for your money. we guarantee our work and don't a^k you to take it if found un satisfactory.
H. I MI-ON.
SAVINGS HANK
Dauphin,
Winnipeg,
Portigr La Prairie IN QUEBEC:
Hull,
Bhawlnigan Falla
A ente In <* la, New York .1 I 1 l i'-ago— Hank of Meut reel.
Ageiiln In Ht. l'a il Mi ndiante Nat Rank.
Agent» in London, Kr.g.—I’arr'n think Ltd.
lars and upwards and Interest allowed
:
Montreal
I achate
Officr Hours Batumi»yh .
10 A M. To 3 P.M. 10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER
Excursion to Vancouver, Seattl going July 4th to 12th, returning up to Manager. | Aug. .‘<Ut. First class from Arnprior,
ffî5.f»0. bd days excursions to Manitoba and North-West, going July Kith to 2Jrd. To Manitoba and Return, $28.00
etc
On Wednesday, June 26th, and for following terç days we will offer the following lines :
Clothing,
Dress Goods Dress Ginghams Muslins,
Felt and Straw Hats,
Tweeds,
A Pretty Wedding
*

The residence of Mr. (it
M unison,
All merchant of Glengyle, was the acene of u
information J. K. 1 lernvy, Ry. and 8. S. fashionable wed ling on Wednesday even agent, Arnprior, tint.	|evening, June 2bth, in the presence of
about <iJ rebi’ivus and intimate friends.
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
For Salk.— Two good work horses. Apply to Alf. Howard Shaw ville.
Senator Villenuve, formerly Mayor of Montreal, is dead.
The watch found and advertised in these columns last week has been claimed by Mr. Frank Mitchell of this town.
It cost a resident of Bright, near \Vookstock,Ont.,$(U for having a lumpy* jawed cow in his possession
Mr Andrew Allan, head of the great shipping firm of that name, died at Montreal last week.
PERSONAL
his daughter Ida was united in marriage to Mr. S. i>. Devtnny, of Buckingham,
Mrs. Dunn, of Beach burgh, is viniting
Mr. I in w ley Naylor, of the Dell Tele ...	. ...	...
phone Company's office, Montreal, is home | relatives in Shaw ville and vicinity
on a visit to hi# parent# Ven, \ i hdeaeon and Mr>. Naylor, after an absence of five years.
y u
Dn the lawn an arch of evergreens had Married—At Pi richer ('reek,	\V. I keen erected, beautifully decorated with
T., on June 20th, Mr. J. 1). Buchan to Marini, flags, Chinese lanterns, and a Miss Inglee, of Quyon, is the guest of I Agnes Douglas, liftK daughter i f Hugh ! 1hW Ht»ral horseshoe Miss Kfiie Wilson.	I McCrtd.i, Esq , of Bristol.	| Promptly at 8 80
i
^KÊÊÊIKÊ clock the groom
SEîœS^rE I p:ir ;:*! IÊEEFs ESS
I '	township. It is a stalk of timothy, aud Iean,no 0,1 the arm of her young-
measures exactly 5 feet.	I ¦>« brother, attended by Miss Mar-
garet Graham, who made a charming A Kansas minister told his congrcga- I bridesmaid. The wedding march was tion that those who were in debt need nicely rendered by Miss Jeanette Mor-not place anything on the collection risen, a little girl cousin of the bride, plate. The result was double the usual The bride who is a pretty dark eyed amount. How would that work in bur fret te looked superb in a gown of Shaw ville (	I rich white bed ford cord trimmed with
)
Miss MacGregor left for her home in St Andrew’s East on Tuesday morning of last week.
The intense heat recently experienced on this continent caused great mortality in some ot the large American cities.
Mr. A. Smiley also i('presented Shaw-
The family ..f Jan,en Kennedy, near V,U* ,lt Perth	I,,k: week'
Chartens are afflicted with diphtheria, Mrs. Appleby, of Deseronto, Ont, and and one of the children has succumbed to lit le son Lyon, arrived last week on a the dread disease last week.,
At a discount of 20 per cent.
ivory Katin and chiffon a tulle veil
visit to Dr. Lyon, their uncle.	I The colors of the city of Ottawa three caught up with orange blossoms and car-
Jc&	E5EFE-E2
* Mr. Henderson. Ottawa is first city in wore a frock of dove colored cloth and the Dominion to select civic color*, and | vest of white satin and carried a boquet doubtless other cities will follow suit
Cache Bay, a village about three miles west of Sturgeon Falls, on the C. P. ft.
had a disastrous tire on Sunday of last j which she visited friends week, which swept out about half of the and oth-r places, bes des taking in the i.	the Pan-American at Buffalo.
This means 20 cents saved on every dollar;
$2.00 saved on every $10.00 you spend here.
we offer you nothing but new goods, and if our prices are not satisfactory you not obliged to buy. Come and see
'
»
place
^¦¦ lof pmk carnations.
Lumsden’s limits on the Temiscamin- <Aptain John Stewart went to	After the ceremony which was per-
guc and Kippewa region were reported on Friday ast to meet,Mr. Thomas Mur- As will be seen by advertisement in formed by the Rev. J. D. Morrison, tire hwt week, and that much timber ray .un »usine«a in connection with the another column, the Mayor has called a and The usual congratulations, the guests
equipment for the luul urd lune Atwoci- rnee ing of citizens for Thursday opening [repaired to the dining-room where a ation, recently organized.	next the 18th inst., *o discuss «the sub- r recherche dejeuner awaited them. The
Prof. W. J*. Workman, the well-known Besides that of Green Lake referred Muct nf water-works and fire protect- ] interior of «he house was tastefully de-mueiciau, died suddenly at Vasselman, j to in our last issue. Orange celebrations ioDi <)jr. readers will please keep the I corated with roses and acacias. After Out., last Tuesday from paralysis. He 1 are to |,e held at Cole’s Creek, Thorne, date in mind, and make a point to be pre- spending a pleasant evening the guests was 51) years of age. He leaves a widow, \ aDd North Ona'ow tu the 12th. *	1	sent at the meeting. The question is departed to their several homes, leaving
three sons and two daughters.	______ _______ '	« entitled to the most serious consider- their best wishes with the newly married
¦¦	WÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊEÊÊÊ^^^EÊ
The County < f Pontiac Surd «y Schocl worth of property at stake.	i Mr. and Mrs. Devenny left by the C
association met at Billerica re ir	Quyon,	P.R. fur Montreal.	On	their	return
last Thursday. The Attendance	was not	A	Challenge.—Mr.	Dan. McCauley,of	they w ill take up their	residence at
representative owing to the fsrirers be- Thorne, is out with a challenge to road | “Kim Bank farm Buckingham.
his roan
Rev. J. B. Kuberon, of Quyon, retiring	against any other horse of similar weight
pres.denf, presided, fhe piiiciia1 fe»-	and condition, for the sum of $1,50.00.
ture was an address by Her. W. E. Ha’-	The race to be from the Russell House,
penny, sicretary of the Quebec Sunday ShawvilD, to Mr VV. M-	OtterHH
echoal union.	Uke, snd to come off	about the Kith of I the picnic at Couhmge.	All	report	a very
Rev. D. M< rriaon and Mrs. Mormon	next	month, provided	the challenge i*	enjoyable time**
h io spoke. The new pres de: t it Rev. accepted by anybody. Mr. McCauley A very pleasant time was spent by a
L). M. rne<m, of Br-s-ol, and the secretary-	prt,pf)8e8 to start during the night and	party of	young	people	at	the	new resid-
treasurer, Mise S J. Armstrong of Bristol,	return to S-nwville in daylight, the	| ^nce of Mr.	Richard	Gibbons	last	week.
—-----e-------	horse tiret arriving to be declared the
This is worth your consideration.
on
was being destroyed
are

us.
J. H. SHAW
Madam LaZelle, a professional palmist, wan at the Russell House here for several days last week, unvieling thejnys-teries of the future for those of our citizen* who were desirous of knowing their fate.
P. S.—Some big bargains in Boots and Shoes.
WIBRSTEAD
The provincial ministers, remark» the Montreal Gazette, are promising a surplus for ihe year just c osed, and adds that those big sales of timber lands at good price weie held at the proper time for such an announcement.
A lady called at this office Tuesday, stating that she also had lost a watch between Shaw ville and Radford a few days
ago. If this comes under the eye of the J Child Desertion and Death.—Our finder of the article, we hope the party usually quiet village was thrown into a will leave it with us in order that it may flutter of excitement on Tuesday mur.i-be restored.	I mg by the occurrence of an incident, the
IJBBBi U1 M details of which were both shocking and Mr. H.Lang, secretary of the Shaw ville Mr. Wihiam McDonald, who returned , revolting. The story in short is that on	Board of Bchool Commissioners recently
from Ross township on T riday, reports • Monday night two Assyrian women who	received the following letter fr< in Mr Co-
that during one of the recent t hunder had been peddling their wares through	lin Duguid, late principal of the Academy
storms, his brother-in-law, Mr. De ever, the village during the day, «topped at	which will no doubt be rend with interest
had his outbuildings destroyed by light- the house of Mr. \\ m. Murray, whore- by those of our citizens who have some A terril la acc dent happened on the mug, and also some live stock. Mr. sides near the mst end of Main street,	knowledge of the matters therein referred	\VMb*th	railjwsy	ntar	Dei u,	Ind.t	where-
let1 ver was away from home at the I* was observed that one of the women	to. Mr. Duguid characterizes the letter	by	If pe	q h were Idled	aud 50	eericukly
l,,nu	* wa8e in a critical condition of health, and to the Bulletin, to which his name isaf- wounded
fault, <w an adjournment was made to ahe questioned her about it. But the
_____
mittee, through one of its members, has	gone only a short time when Mr J Me	A 8UC(:*:8*KVL TKA' HKRe	der, which 1	am the owner	of,	I have	cut
informed Thk Equity that the inadequate	Dowell, while going to an adjacent surimz	“ To the Editor of the Bulletin.	sixteen years with it and	it	has	given	me
SSStfiBSS î=rMr*£sràj s3FHEse3£3 EsHHEE^E;
seems that three coaches were ordered to the bouse.	Ihs infant was lying among Lmit.s iii UuelV<- the most improvement	and	cut right along for neighlmrs	ns	well
be left off at Ottawa just before the train some old	logs and brush but was still ' was in the Senior	KJeinvntarv Grade of	as	myself;	have	always	found	it	light
9 ' r.„r .u ,w	stitor MW	E55ÎE5 Ee isMB
ou Friday, June 2Vth, a terrible heavy	ed the women had gone. Meanwhile	*** Mbs Anderson'# work was doubled
thunder storm swept over that district Mr. J. R.	Horner took a convevan<w nnd ! a,ld *be was	unable	lo do the work, so
While it did not do much damage in made for	the same point. Eventually M'k j*-.i,She	\h.”arts
killed by lightning as he was walking case, when the unfortunate infant died	-•-"	system of waterworks, or such other
bsBH
years ago. Mr. 8 Hatton s bam in pannrfled n jury, which after due deliber- Lizzie Milliken 2. Grade II.—Bert porUnce, I trust then» will he a large at
sj?3x
lure» wind.	Bryson jail.	I	J. L. Akdeeson, Teacher. I Shawville, July 9,1901.	Mayor
A number from this district attended
Miss Mabel Telford has returned home from Braeside, where she spent a week visiting her sister.
Mi. Win. Allison, from Hasting Co., Ont., was visiting at his brother-in-law’s, Mr. J. Telford, last week.
Misses Hattie Telford and Mary Drummond, teachers, are spending their holidays a* their homes in this vicinity.
A DIME SAVED
IS MADE.
w.nner
Evident Case of Fraud Here
You can save money by buying your INSECT DESTROYERS from us when you take into consideration “ QUALITY "
For instance here are a few things you
may need now, and remember we sell only the best
most glaring and shame
Th* Berber Mercury has completed • he 30:h year of publication, and dec.de-dly show* no eiifence of decay.
Westbournc, Man
,J une 29,1901

A Word for the “ Maxwell
Bryson, Jan. 30, 1901
Fly Pads Paris Green Insect Powder and Tanglefoot.

4

>
r>
4
»
b


Yours truly, John Stewart

Public Meeting
4
x
PRESCRIPTIONS and FAMILY RECIPES
receive our careful attention.
QUALITY THE BEST.
THE DRUG STORE.
PURE DRUGS.
^gThe
woman to
I —Ray Farrell 1
###PAGE###2###
J





/

t
VR self to its old place. Love ami rca- y .	X
son luust work in perfect harmony Ÿ /j\T TfJC C A DH/T
Ak in 1,10 awful struggle to conquer the X Vil 1 11 JC FAIvItIi y ^>rccs that threaten to capture the X	Y
*	yfc citadel of life, lhtl love should not I a A A.,	Y
x£-	a^UWV(l to gain the mastery over * * * * * **vvvvvvvvvvvvvvvv
¦Tv^v^v ^ ,	love	alone, the! llnw SHALL WE JU1)U i 1 0W8
VINEGARS FOR FLAVORIXU. natural anxiety of the Watcher is I ,v,	gularity. Ah the haj m usual 1>
...	,	, bound to be expressed. ami this will i ts little, if any, doubt that gathered up from t|lc windrow with
ii :11
ot cross bred cows that arc giving . u 1 \ ;v , |11 , U|1' a '“•Y,1a v 1 started for home, and had the Brit- bow! of the pipe appreciably sum 11-their owners less than three tlions- . 11 . *' 01 fa Im,h	ati	"c	1,8	11 ish hide-market to herself for	a cr, it should be cut out. If this is
and pounds of 3.5 per cent, milk 1,1 * lv< 100 '	^	fortnight. The $10,000 paid to	the nut done the difference in the con-
yearly. as a penalty for trying to	r	Argentine "took the shine" out	of i traction and expansion of char and
harmonize dissimilar functions and EVILS RACING TIIE	CHURCH, the profits, but it was a	of the wood will cause the bowl to
traits.	-- .,Nnm rmjNTPI1 ,,vr split open. But care must be taken
. . liai lOUMI.IMflT. in cutting away the char not to regetting one's move it all. When it is cut too was the dodge adopted thin the wood will burn, and mako Crawford Ames, the well-] the fact known in extreme c%ses by known agricultural expert and York- frequent cracking sounds. In such shire landowner. He lias one of the casts the breaking process should b# finest model fruit farms in England, resorted to again, and is second to nobody at growing| prize fruits. His neighbor—Mr. !
El in le'

SOME BIB IIT-FOB-TATS. S.?'S„.ar,lh,r4,’"Z;
that it will not be surrounded by	had tho right, and British flahermvn
water at any time. If the hay is	could not be allowed Uiere ]in« :
stacked in the field, place the stack FOLKS WHO DID NOT OFFER had her hands full at tU :t*r. J, 5 so that the hast amount of hauling	THE OTHER CHEEK.	m'tf 11 <ltul ^boroyghly with the
fields the stacks are scattered till I	--- J ut Britain, by way of retort T
over the meadows in more or less rc-J K Steamship Co. Bought Out \0XQtv^ V°*NiMo advantage and hvln'tn
cod-fishers of all nations but French
ïirsii’fc-ÆÆr
I* rone h fisheries became une lean, and ti:e breach fishermen reduced to l precarious living by lobster-fishing
TREAT YOUR PIPE KINDLY

I HOME.
a Government in Order to Outdo n Rival.
Celery: Bruise
the ml
the
at somebody
¦¦U	But
Kndymion," of Hope,
,, managed it through
the -1.1 d from I #on-
liivei Plato to get a | Huw You May Get the M. t
Joynwnt Out of Tobacco.
En.
lo-
an
cry
Onion: This is highly esteemed by Chop & doz large onions, add 1 tablespoon salt and let stand six hours
many
Add to ! qt vinegar 1 tablespoon sugar, and pour over.
Tie up. and at the end of a fort- I ma»y a family
night strain, «•*<
Gooseberry: This is a substitute for white wine vinegar, and is thought by many to surpass it.
Crush ripe gooseberries, to each <jt of pulp add three pts warm water.
At the end of a week, strain and to
WASHING SPREADS
A simple rule for washing white spreads may be of value to inexperienced housekeepers
It is not here assumed that every
in i cow *m'(l 80 U,1<1 so- and built along the lines of a certain typo, will be
.. g re t producer
tie something, which may be denominated individualism, that has to do in the production capacity of vows
An Alphabet Taught by Rev. A H, Perclval, of Chicago.
The spreads
should be washed by themselves abundance of white suds ami thoroughly rinsed and blued. They may lv wrung with the hands, but they usually too heavy to wring through a wringer, and arc not improved by the process. Some housekeepers prefer to have them taken from the last wringing and hung the line to drip dry be taken in when they are almost dry, stretched
A unique way of OH 11 ! .. k by Mr
each pint of liquor add lib brown sugar. Keep warm for two or three months. It can be used in all recipes where white wine vinegar is called for.
Cucumber: Pare and slice 1 doz or more large, green cucumbers, put the slices in a stone jar with «'I sliced onions. 2 tablespoons salt. 2 teaspoons ground black pepper and a pinch of cayenne. Let stand three or four days, bring to boiling point and when cold, put in cheese cloth. Press lightly and bottle.	j
Use the best of cider xinegar, store the buttles in a cool, dark cellar and keep them closely corked and sealed with wax, until cold weather.
Cress: Bruise } oz cress seed in an old-fashioned mortar, and let stand two weeks in 1 qt cold vinegar.
There is a sub- A Is for Ambition to ho on equal
footing with others lu stylo of living and dress, xml if possible, outstrip them.
and makes wide differences'll is for Illuming the church for
coldness—apathy after giving energies to outside organ!; at Ions.
breed, or even between cows of a C is for Covetousness, Card playing,
family of a bi d, are so marked, even when the breeding has been ft,H* folded and put guided by a recognized expert, that under a heavy weight over night.
They may then be unfolded and thoroughly dried in the sun or hot kitchen till perfectly dry.
a re
A LONG BRADAWL
of medium size is the best implement with which to clean out the wooden part of a pipe stem. When away from homo a bit of steel wire of thu size used in making bicycle spokes will answer very well. It can bo conveniently carried in a pencll-caSO alongside of a pencil. A straightened hairpin will generally do in default of anything better.
But the great point cf nil in pij* smoking is to learn to smoke slowly. When this habit is acquired, tlio full flavour of the tobacco will always be enjoyed, every smoko will be a cool one, and tongue burning will be unknown, it is, however, very hard for nervous people to smoke slowly. We know of cases where smokers have tried for years to check their smoking speed, without success. They probably did not begin to make the effort early enough in their smoking careers. With good tobacco and a root pipe, the slow smoker attains a degree of pleasurable enjoyment in smoking of which the rapid smoker has not an inkling.
Perhaps all smokers do not kno* Chat it makes any difference In the flavour of pipe tobacco how many times a pipe goes out. A cigar which is allowed to go out once has its flavour ruined and is most appreciably termed a butt. A pipe, however, tastes, if anything, bette: for going out.
Fastidious smokers always have at least two pipes at hand, and never fill one until it has entirely cooled off. This is a help towards cool smoking and reasonable life in a pipe. A good test by which to tell if you are smoking too fast is to hold the bowl in your hand. If it is too hot to do so. then you may know that your speed is too great-
in them as to profit; the differences between the best and poorest of n
Travers — was more of a scientific experimenter than a fruitgrower
on
They should
and was particularly inter-
im Grace for pulpit novelties D is for Debt, Divisions among ] ested in helping farmers by means Christians, Dancing, Dyspepsia of controlling the rainfall. His pet spirit, so that neither the milk *tudy was the Italian-vineyard nicth-nor meat of the Word can be as- 0<* °f inducing rain from scattered slmiluted,	clouds by heavy gun-fire.
Whether there is really "anything in it
a mistrust is in the minds of many as to the reliability of the claim that cows can be bred to do with a certainty more than average things. This mistrust is justified in many instances where pedigree and certain external forms have been sought
no not allow ice cream to remain I wiU,out msisU'ncc tllat high performante should go with them, and
fancy was desired more than milk.
10 is for Erroneous views of God’s
Word.
F is for Frivolity False teaching.
G Is for Gambling and Gossip,
H is for Haste to be rich and scarcity of Homes.
I is for Intemperance, Indifference, and Inconsistency.
.1 is for Jealousy In the ranks.
K is for Knee-drill, neglected,
L is for Love of gain and Low moral tone of politics.
M is for Mistaking means of grace for grace,
N is for Neglect of family religion.
0 is for Ordinances irregularly attended,
P is for Pleasure-seeking, Political corruption, and Poverty.
Q Ih for Quack evangelists.
K is for Rivalry between denominations,
tu n matter t-f opinion; but, Formality, ami j nnywu.*v* Gravers bought tho old
| Georgian battery of muzzle-loading ! cannon from Hull, and used them freely when
He seemed to have very fair —at any rate, a good deal of rain followed his bombardments, and the countryside believed in it. But Mr. Ames, who wanted sun for his fruit, and not ruin, protested; and, as he could not get redress, conceived the novel idea of buying 200 Indian finches. and turning them loose on his boundaries.
Now, Travers was interested in growing all kinds of grass-seeds bis estate, and these finches "death" on grass-seed.
HOW TO DO THINGS
the conditions suited
in the can freeze it a second time
over night, and never
and use.it The can should be thoroughly scalded each time bo-Not every housekeeper has learned | fore using, no matter how carefully
it was cleaned before being put
success
Still, it is an admitted fact that very few cows are great which are not well built along dairy types. A far less number of cows are poor ones that arc of dairy type and temperament. Tens of thousands of cows are great producers that have no known distinct lines of breeding, yet ninety-nine out of the hundred will score well in dairy temperament and form, and seem built for milk. The man who selects cows, even if they are not. thoroughbreds, needs to judge and "guess" by the same standards as are accorded to the blue books of the herd.
ns it is very unsafe
CANNING CHAPE JUICE
that pure grape juice can be canned Those who have ventured are de- | away
lighted with results, although some Cover two quarts of strawberries do not go about it the right way. with one quart of sugar, rub through It is needless to cook the fruit be- a cohinder or mash with a potato fore straining. It injures flavor. | pounder; then add two quarts of The grapes should be gathered in a sweet cream and freeze. When near-cleanly manner. If no fruit press is |y frozen stir in lightly a pint of at hand, just simply mash the fresh whole strawberries. Try this. I Plucked grapes, in any good sized know you will snv it is delicious, receptacle, preferably porcelain lia- When carving a beefsteak do not ed. it being best not to let the juice (give all the best to 011c or two per come in contact with tin. Use a
on
arc
THEY WORKED SAI) IIAVOC
with Travers' grasses, and Ames paid liberal compensation to nil other landowners and farmers who complained
hhhbhihbihhh
world, the flesh and the devil, and Travers began to Lombard the sky for Theatre.	furiously fur more rain.
U is for Uncharitableness, Universel- The feud became so strong that
the neighboring formers interposed, with a plea for arbitration, and the affair ended in a friendly banquet.
An extraordinary tit-for-tat was Exodus of accomplished in the racing world a
few years ago, when Skylight, a bfg bay horse, used to carry all before him in the English North-country races. His owner, Mr. Lloyd, was proud of the horse’s extraordinary qualities, which relied mainly on a straugo antipathy which nil other horses had to him rest of the field drew aside, and
('ut out the tenderloin close to the bone, and slice it into long, strain off the juice, run it I narrow pieces, and do the same with through a strong, fine cheesecloth; the meat on the other side of the heat to smart boiling (no more than | bone. Serve a slice of each that, and in porcelain-lined kettles), and immediately seal up in fruit jars.
sons
In regard to the specific points of cow signs there is no absolute agreement, even by the experts, and what one man lays great stress upon another passes lightly by, and lays stress on another sign that impressed him most
agreed, that femininity is the basis,	.
oi desirable outline, but with thoi * 18 *or Vanity in individuals and
1T	.	_ ..	_ _ .	_ _ .greater number indications of nerve I _ churches.
Use J Explorer Tells of Curious Telegra-1 power and capacity to digest and W is for World I incss.
assimilate food are now placed well I * 18 *or Extravagance»
to the fore: and the slim, trim built good families, cow that has the bright, prominent | Y is for Young and old dominated eye beneath a brain that indicates intelligence, and a deep body that
might be called pear shape, from the | Z is for Zeal for the glory of God
and the salvation of souls want-
wooden masher (and wooden spoons if any)
S is for Sabbath desecration, Skepticism, and Slander.
T Is for The Trinity of evil—the
Another 200 finches and, on the other hand.
and
with fat to those who prefer it
In this all are
ism
QUEER NEWS SERVICE
Stand jars bottom up a while. If any prove not airtight, heat again and use a thicker rubber ring, no old, dead rubber, or Worn-out rings Put no sugar to the juice. Keep it pure grape juice, and serve it so.
An ordinary sized family will wish there were hundreds of jars of grape juice in their storeroom, so delight-1 ful and refreshing is the drink. The value of it once understood, there
phic language
A French explorer has discovered a most curious news service in operation among the savages of Africa, lly this means news of important
events in the interior of the Soudan., A , A , A. .	,
reaches all the trading ports on the fttC*,1 s ‘	‘ an<i prominence Just
coast in a very short time, although 1,1 f, oat ° *lc. u<^.< ®1, , With there is no electric telegraph or tele-	shape and width also goes the
shghtly	h,o»e,
The communication is made by J0.,l?ted vertebrae, yet well knitted	- LEFT HIM A CLEAR COURSE There arc three products of the
rr sszr »d	A" —c—~ - »- * *.»»..     „„ :;trrsztn
mméhoe
all inclined to be stout, when she commander at Stanley Falls was in-1 (UY ,<nvnr ?hn ,	g°?,	"t’ attack of pneumonia from a much Brooks’s relations were employed
wears too high and too tight a col- formed by a native of a neighboring! ,	'.JV	n° slighter exposure. The nervous orl-! Here Mr. Maynard had the jockey so
lar. shows her defect much more village that a provision train had	LnnLn Hni™»LJwmL . v «° of 601,18 8°oms to ho recognized well treated that he forgot about his
clearly than when she wears a low been attacked by robbers two days	... h*	.‘,tf ,,,	t ? !? bv a11 Physicians who have made n "training.” and began to put on
collar ami one that does not lit too before at a point 180 miles farther	,lv	V i ^ \	^ , a , hU?" special Rludv of acute diseases of the flesh at an alarming rate,
tightly. As a rule the shaped collar down the Congo. A week later the r • ,•	mix ng breeds |ungs an(| throat.	I time he got back for Chester
is the best, lower in front than at j party arrived and confirmed the ...	1 Th .	.Yfi^1 ‘ 1 . 1 (	‘ q' 11 18 explained that the tempera- a month later, he was ludicrously There are some things of
the back, and with a tic pulled well : story in part. They had reached the * . ..	. .	1	. _*'CU80n	turc of the body is maintained by. fat and out of condition, and Sky- even the poor may get more than is
down in front. If a woman has a scene of the alleged attack at the	,	‘	f tIm<l?i^	Th	u!«ti «	the nervoua system, and that the light was unable to come in any ! necessary. A weary and hungry
long neck she can. ns a rule, look time reported, but the shots which	.	...	. .	*	• ’	. *’	^ V"	,cost fal,urc or relaxation of ncrv-| better than tenth with him. The nian fell from sheer faintness by the
much smarter than her short-necked , the natives had taken as indications	t]0	, :	f	LJ	ms energy causes n change of the plot was explained, and was hailed wayside. A crowd gathered at once,
sister, for she can wear any sort of of a conflict with robbers had been	T}	¦	.	.	’	‘ .v	bodily heat, and impairs the power as one of the biggest jokes in the re- ttnd an officious bystander bustled
a collar and tie, provided only it is tired at a herd of antelopes.	Thom iq n clime mm -, ti h .#.»> « of tl,G body resist the approach cords of racing.	I forward, shouting!
high enough. The soft lace ties and More recently, when an officer of jntelliffcnce norvn form r ii.nru v * ? !! °* disease. It is a wonderful fact Governments, however great, are Stand back! (live him air! those of chiffon with the lace ends the French Congo came to grief in	,	’ w .	V * ‘ ‘ *f , that under any change of outside given to "getting back” at each	Tha fainting man rallied, and sat
are so becoming that they arc al- the rapids, the accident was report-	Wood	mul!i and the nerve to ml temperature, even if one go from1 other from time to time: and when	«P
ways in fashion. There must be a ed the next morning at a village 136 pcrftJncnt &nd so wo look to the cow \h0 Arctic regions to the equator, | France "rushed" Britain so badly
line of either black or white about m,lcs «h»tant.	[hat is of thjs tvDe nnd tournera- the hent <>f the body remains at over the Newfoundland fishery ques- Why, gentlemen, I ve had nothing
the throat, that is one of the pre- Among the Bengal a tribe a sort of mcnt do ^ ^or)c 0#	mnv. abou t 08 degrees.	tion, Britain gave her tit-for-tat in i but air for three weeks!
sent rules, and the little touch of xv °Phonc 18 us,‘.< Ultl1 fovr notea» ing just ns Wo look for speed In a	tor its rrffulatlons by the ner- » waV that would take a good deal
“d " *	ESySSSSus 2822J&ZZ	* "" ” ""
Bvi
agents, so that when they reach a	- dually disappear: d
village thsy find the provisions or i the munitions desired collected knd ready for them.
by the principle:	"Enjoy your-
self and don’t get hurt."
ing
ELEMENTS OF NATIONAL
STRENGTH.
In a race the
will be no grapes to spare; no question of
these grapes."
CAUSES OF COLDS
What will we do with all
CONCERNING NECKWEAR
Gold, be*
To cut off th<
where to make them available constitute important elements of uationaj strength.
By the races.
WANTED A CHANGE OF DIET
which

Air! he gasped. Give me air Î
HONEST LABOR
as every
TIIE GENERAL BELIEF IS
Look at those, these, them! said Weariness, anxletv. that Britain was hopelessly "had" I Weary Watkins, proudly, showing |2.
over this treaty; but it is not under- I hope you ain’t been workiu'f ex-stood that Britain's counter-hit claimed his friend and partner, JIun-made the French position a very I gry Higgins
¦ ¦¦^¦Thc earthquake! barren victory. The treaty, which No, not 'xactly; been posin' u • from the least exposure by disturb- is an ®ld one, piovidcd that the horrible example.
Ing the process of regulating the I 1 rt ||ch might fish for cod along the I Temperance spieler?? temperature.	I Newfoundland beaches, which belong] Nuw. Soap faker.
IN THE SICK-ROOM.
The duties of the trained nurse, no matter how nearly to perfection she has reached in her railing, arc light when compared to the service of the 1 ovin7 person *»ho is nearest to the
STACKING HAY IN THE FIELD. The stacking of hay la not diffi-
###PAGE###3###
L
i




V
t
ISiMBLISS IN THE Ml
—thin Inst of tho consistency of India rubber, and quite undesirable.
Fowls are seldom if over kept. All nbout the houses, and up to the very door», are corn fields
corn Is cut the sheaves are spiked on m,,	..	...
, nst s.-viMsrjrz	F
Speaking in An Almost Entirely Forest Coun- occasion we wore forced to rouse the ,,11 ««1,,,	« «» v m.v n, »nd
----	good people of Iljorkholm from their brltSl oMtu^n
Si J jsjs JL-srJi jss jr=®
The extreme north of Europe is	IU8Unl hnlMiourtcd welcome In the	carriages are:	King Edward VII
mostly forest—Lupphind is entirely	great kitchen, where a fire was kin-	the Czar, the German Emperor, the
You must journey eternally]	b,r us on ^bo open corner King of the height us, Victor Emiuun-
Italy would not	play	the part of a	I through	pines, firs and silver larches;	* 11 i I e the doors of wlmt up-	uel JII., the Shah, and tlio Heir-Ap-
euppot	to any	Power	whether of the	* lovely	combination— monotonous,	Pcan-d	,n b,‘ huge cupboards ranged	porçut of liclgium.
She could not	porhaI)e'	but with the over-changing	rou 11(1	tho w,Ul9 oponed’ And *]e°W	, 1,0 ,itt,e King of .Spain is	guard,	A	_	monotony of the sea. Tlio forest nlr	mon‘	women and children looked	ed every night by a body of	picked
accept another Dlzerta at Avlona or |s of ^equalled purity and clearness- ouV revealing tho fact that these, men, who are natives of Espinosa.
Durazzo. This allusion to tho Al-	the sky of the softest and most kind-	wero beds* built in tiers like the	,l,ld	have	served with distinction in
banian ports opposite tho Italian	ly blue; tho sunsets and twilight—	bvrU,fl on a steamer. Only the mar-M”®	array	It is by them tho gates
U» ....	u,. Foreign 0,11c.	|	*ï«S ÏÏC	«S. râ StoiiVSi
Vienne, where the diplomacy of tho |	colors from blue and groen to rod,	°ur wwlcome was kind In every re-	J"	“'./Jj	h',s Sovereign, Span-
last thirty years has been directed	and the trees and hills outlined	Hpc(:t but ihaKt °.f cordiality, ^oon	ug if	hy "lightning vtmke W and Iccr and Htnrt out 0,1 a new li,c- 11 night, the hour for ‘ turning-in/'
BrB	## -gs	§5##%
a general rising against Uio rule of are employed on tho farms of the wc lcft tho poop,e. to , lr cn,,V sorry to maintain.	touch me. I followed the waggon light of an old lantern 'loo "
the Sultan In Macedonia would be Swedish settlers who form the scan- ^'inihcrs, after warning them that An amusing story of the Pope's Un,10’ arndr	wifh the crowd. ‘ Nap/* and "banker" are kept up
™	sszrz	HiEHEsEHE	ISrvsES	BsHH ST3	ptEEHEEE:	-
Durazzo, which are	but	a	few	hours	Those who arc left are generally old-	drinking the coffee, as it were,	painters whose powers arc not al-	l.?	hc.lp	glvrelmo	a#8taT^	"	tho.	r,ght I however
Eplfi
on tho <>no hand, and to tho minor boot-bands. A widow, however, as- A writer estimated tho cost of stances, ho wrote as*>follows' "Do him work.	j deck quoits, and any other game
Balkan fltatos on the other, for no- sûmes those of her dead husband. wars of tho nineteenth century to not afrQici; it is I—Leo XIII "	True to his promise, Hill appeared that lends itself to chance, though
thing is more certain than that nelth- | The farmers (who are all Swedes)	nearly reach the	enormous sum of	gjr Walter Gilboy Bart has Just	at tllc oflice nt thc i’acific Garden of course, his transactions have to
or they nor Au,tria will permit tor-I ”1uat eompros, all their farm work	| »20;OOO,000,000.	Just how much i«	celebrated hie sovenUoth' birthday. I	Mission as promised, and declared
,,torln,^u,.,U_byIWy..jJ!rL^
eastern shore of tlio Adriatic If they | to got men to act ns drivers or pressivo. There are only 8,166,- ftnd his brother Alfred first wont in- term!nod to gain an honest liveli-con prevent It. Tho difficulty for I boatmen, though tho natives are	*>78,600 seconds	in a century. If wo	to business ns W. and A Gilboy they	,lood Mr- Monroe started out with
them, however, Im Just there, for I bound by the Government to provide	tft^° Archbishop	Usher » chronology,	made their start in a couplo of un-	the new convfrt. at once to see if he
¦r	t sr	% MXiusa rus	1 c”'d e*‘b,m "p,oyme"t'
•olve on much n ,tnp It I, In * port- wh|ch the travoller must enter hle have ,pent on wnr during he nine- Tho brother, Walter and Alfred wero
name and tho number of horses or	^	'&U tho Partncrs end all tho staff too
rowers that he employs. This also lers m,nute "l,1C0 the CreaUon explains the reason for the apparent Inhospitality of the inhabitants; they never come out to welcome a guest, or seem anxious to keep him, yet their kindness and attention when their interest is won are unsurpassed.
tho smaller stations is scanty, and a party of throe is the greatest number that can be conveniently accommodated in tho houses.
Jokkmokk is the metropolis of tho valley, and stands above a beautiful double fall of tho river. Not far below this is a division, and it Is up the lesser branch that wo are now making our way. * The other is practically uninhabited, but It contains tho mighty Ilar-sprlng or NJommol-snska, said to bo tho
FINEST FALLS IN ALL EUROPE,
MD comments' gjg NORTHERN L1FPLÀND
PERSONAL POINTERS
A DRAMATIC CONVERSION

Note» About Some of the World's
Great People.
À recent speech of Signor Guicciardini in tho Italian Parliament has thrown considerublo light on the tangled situation . created by tho trouble» in Macedonia hia character of reporter of tho Budget Committee ho said that tho situation there was critical, that an outbreak might occur at any moment, and that in tho event of a surprise.
3urglar Places His Kit of Tools on the Church Altar.
A TOURIST’S SKETCH WITHIN THE ARCTIC CIRCLE.
When the
MORE OF IT DONE THAN IS GENERALLY SUPPOSED.
nw.
lune
men
tain
and
A rather dramatic confession startled the 800 persons attending religious services at the Pacific Garden mission, Chicago, last week Ü«m IIill advanced to the altar, and us evidence of Ids good faith, laid
thereon his revolver and kit of bur-i	,,	...	.........
'lur tools, and signified his inten- .	'* ’ ntf. n navy, though fno-
tion to turn over a new leaf. The r* / H, ! earned on to a greater Kov. J. S. Detwiler, of St. Paul, K. .l ,U,ttn ^ generally imagined, and Assistant Superintendent Harry ‘	surprising when it is
Monroe, of tlio Mission, had been j M' ,l< lliaf du<;k , ar has preaching, and the latter had just °* sl" idling his money wliflo at sea, finished his address when the self- ft,,< Gu ifi. is certainly not his greats nfcased 4>urglai walked t lie al-1 ' ' virtue
Bet ting on garni ii I ce is chief-
“Fi ends," he said, "I have been j favored and a pack of cards forme
cracking safes, robbing stores and one of the most cherished possetpicking pockets a good many years *ions of every suit. The men are for a living. 1 have served terms in permitted to play as much as they Sing Sing end Joliet. But to-night please in their leisure hours, but it 1 nm going to end my criminal car-1 is not until after ten o'clock at
are
Cards, Dominoes,
s®,
Quoits Are Used—“Bogey" I» Played in Hot Climates.
Deck
medical cole-
tlie
Wil-
try—Most Wonderful Falls , In Europe.
vuy
[nve
t> to
Mich
suit
so
Ihe
and <> a
no rucnife
first or second rank
g
f
tar
En-
Bari must havo grated harshly on
to-
of
«IIV
gun
au
to
mis
est
u
tiy
ecu
tll-
Thia,
rurcly happens, be< tuse the stakes played for are never more serious than a few pence; nevertheless, by the time tho next monthly pay-day comes round it is not unusual for a man to find that he has
[)ld
eru
it
for
ml
t
<-<l
convert it Into an Italian lako
in
to
inade, tho Italian Government has
lie
Ho
thrown down tho glove to Austria
ir-
ire
ut
nt
be
nil
CONDUCT!:]) IN SECRET
‘ii-
But when in a hot climate a garni) known as "bogey" is as popular as any, and has the distinction of being seldom played outside the navy. We viII presume that five men propose to indulge in a friendly gamble, and having agreed that the stakes shall be a penny for each player, five-pence in all, they take their places round a table and put down their coins. Then a sixth man who acta
p«
n.V
ill-
o-
lio
II-
tlon to carry it Into effect unices its navy should prove ns Inefficient us it did at Lissa in .1800,
is
.«P
In Vatieono, known to us n» Ht. Revenue. Apart from his baronetcy, rotors Koine. It has coat not l-wa one 0f the greatest honours which than $< 0,000,000 since Its fournla- |iaVo befallen Sir Walter Gilboy is tlon stone was laid, yet nearly 800 ^e presentation to him by the
Th.	, sis t;r:r	rrurs	;r„,zr •"
spent on wars during tho nineteenth j portraits of himself and his wife, century, The cost Host building on i recognition of his services in the re- _
this continent is tho Philadelphia vival of horse-breeding."	In 8ome respects," ho said, "tho
public building. which represents Forty-two years ago Admiral Sir most Peculiar place I visited was nearly $80,000,000; yet nearly 700 Francis Leopold McClintock, now Ncw Zealand. There tho laborer is copies of tills great pile could bo % veteran of eighty-two years, made supreme. Ho su proms il he thftt be erected out of tho money spent on the first discovery of tho relies of Sir can havo an audience with tho Preinwar during tho Inst hundred years. John Franklin’s ill-fated expedition ier’ <r)ick' Seddon, at any hour of
The world spends upward of $830,- which had sailed for tho Arctic re- V10 night, ihis when, perhaps, one pitch and toss with halfpennies, 000,000 a year on education. If It gions on May 19th, 1845, and had I11 a Uglier station in liio would not though still played, has lost much spent 37 times as much It would not , last been seen in July of that year. , &blo to see Uio first minister at I Q[ jts 0)d popularity, because nartt-equul tho war expenses of the past Sir Francis, who was then untitled alL Seddon s government stands ; cal ingenuity has devised many century. Tho population of tho and a captain, started on June 30, ^rely for the approval of the work- !	better'suited to gambling,
world is estimated at 1,600.000,000; ifl57, in command of the Fox. a ves- ^gman Without his popularity ; ^most every ship has one pu% . . .	.	.	. . . tho money spent on war between 6C1 of only 177 tons, which had been am°n£ tho laboring classes Seddon |	of earning quite apart
which may only bo approached by a 1801 and 1900 would give to each purchased at tho cost of Lady Fran- could not retain power. I know this	' (	^ , v ^othur v,- -1
party fully accoutred for camping. man ,woman and child alive to-day klin and her friends. For two win- for a fact and Seddon will cheerfully -» .kil t !l(, ° r	a common
Jokkmokk is an unkempt village (ns m0ro than $13 ns pocket money. tors the vessel was frozen in. and it ?dmit the same thing. So supremo ; -2,	‘I' hiph	1Lnd
most Luppland up-country towns if n man counted 200 a minute for was during the sledging expeditions 18 labor New Zealand that an	i	ti , r, ,1
^	..	, are) in a forest-clearing. It has, 10 hours a day, six days a week, ho of the spring of 1859 that some but- employer engaging two men and IS1 , „nvf “1°, iuh) '
they 1 avo arc In tho direction of however, quite a pretentious gust- would havo counted one million In tons, medals, etc., belonging to r,ndinK ono to suit him, discharges 1 of 1,1 ,v. Sel ig l' autonomy under tho sovereignty of gifvaragnrd or Inn, two churches— eight, days 3 hours and 20 minutes. Franklin’s men were obtained from other, will find perhaps that lar ¦ winner, of <uui •.
and n prison! Tho new and larger At tho same rate ho would need 8,-	the Esquimaux. Later, skeletons	bor wil1 step in and make him dis-
church is a supremely hideous cxcres- 388 days, 3 hours and 20 minutes,	were found, and then came the great	charge the man whom he finds useful	p-ven racj„g is not	overlooked,	for
conco of light yellow wood and	not counting Sundays. To count	discovery of the cairn containing an	and take on again the employe whom	mcn will bet on a forthcoming horse
ground glass, and is regarded by tho	twenty billions would take 632 years	immense number of relics, and one	,l° discharged for unsatisfactory	racc before leaving port, and settle
itives much as wo regard West- 150 days. 0 hours and 40 minutes. I important document which gave an vvork- A most peculiar condition minster Abbey. In the midst of tho	*	account of the death of Sir John affairs certainly exists in New Zca-
=	ADAPTED TO THE *A»KET.
much' ns'^nn'unTsc^'udvc^isoment Fruits and Vegetables Must Be	CHEWED BY A LION.	^
boarding	given to un-	"Good Shippers."	_	ûZ"the'%:t^%h^%
derstand, conceals the prison SI Those who raise fruits and vegota- A Hunter’s Experience With the hundred and twenty and one bun-
~	HEBEBBb
Scrvia. to which no doubt Montene- whon thc Luppland Swedes paint	docs not necessarily mean those	rica, a few weeks «go, was Lieu ten-	dcr tho most auspicious circum.sLu.u-	cept a share of a comrade’s "shot"
gro is also a party. The obvious their buildings at all, it is generally	which aro best in flavor. A tomato,	ant Carpaux, just out of the hospl-	ceg x anticipate, nevertheless, a con-	as readily as they would a cheque on
intent of these conventions Is to bar in this rich warm, red color, which	no matter how delicious, that be-	tn* af Domson, to which ho had been	Kidcrablo difficulty in harmonizing	a bank. In other words, thJ»
tho advance of an Austrian army to lends a very cosy appearance to n	comes "mushy" under a few hours'	taken after an interview with a lion.	thc different tariffs. This doubtless	method is equivalent to incurring
tho south and to provide for regu- settlement. Near it is a cluster of	shaking in a freight-car is unprofit-	rhe lieutenant thus described tho	wiU soon become a thing of tho past,	or.o debt in order to clear off an-
»ftr and combined action in Macedon- low. misshapen huts, without win-	able, except for local markets. The	meeting, which seems to havo boon	but for tho prcscnt I think it pro-	other.
la and	Albania whenever the contin-	dows. and shut up in summer. They	railroads have made thc range of	an	unusually lively one.	sents a problem of considerable mng-	It is seldom that a sailor turns
arises against which they pro-	are where tho Lapps live in winter,	supplies for every region so wide	n0 morning L	started	oir	to	see	^itude to tho politicians. There will	out to be an inveterate gambler, be-
when they come down from the that the first requisite of any per- what 1 could do in the way oi lion- never# jn my opinion, be free trade rouse his opportunities for parting mountains to barter their innnufac- ishable articles is that it shall bo a	,1U|UI”»* 'vo na(1 sc!Il0]lPir , c:n	between New Zealand and Australia.	WRh his spare cash	in	this manner
ture—boxes of wood and birch-bark, "good shipper."	inu^nT.no U?inrJî\nn<\ «rlni.t	“A feature which struck me very	,iro not so numerous	as	they were	in
knives with cunningly-carved bone Scientific agriculturists arc now oua mnne. l llrea, ana nc ran fa^ forcibly while travelling in the col- | Ul0 days whon gambling was carried
handles, and what not. What a	bending their energies toward secar-	‘	wounded	and went	to	look	onica WflS the enthusiastic loyalty of	<m nbovu dock and under tho eyes of
during	the interview between their	wonderful time, by the wav, winter	mg by cross-breeding, a combination I	10	» ounue -	the colonials. I was in New Zca-	tho offlccrs_ who looked on and said
ses HHpnm s$e
n@ÉÉ8
tlon so suddenly developed may be protecting wall of logs, to lie there I ^ nidg thcir commercial success The I ,CC1"f.f‘r.	h to
traced without much difficulty back all winter.	"navel" is ono of several kinds of ““L	” 1 the lion’s grip re-
to the visit of the Italian fleet to NO INTOXICANTS THERE. seedless poranges, but it is	and what seemed to me m.racu
Toulon. Italy’s hands have boon Jokkmokk is the limit beyond tinctly “°^koef ns. to	S lous, he moved off a few feet, and
freed for action in dealing with what which no intoxicants may be taken. I almost a monopoly of fe . fltood looking in the direction in ,	,	_	. , ,ma in Beyond it, therefore, wc lose sight of	*	which my man had fled,
the Italian Government deems its in- ^ WQr8t of Swedish faults-	EXPOSURE OF^COAL.	thinks mo dead,” I thought.
tercsts in the Adriatic and Méditer- drunkcnneeg. It is a criminal of- J( ' lQQfl o( ' (.oal i8 * left out of haps I may be saved."|
ranean, and as in the former they fence to give liquor to a Lapp. Any U ^ moused to the weathcr-say. stood I was able to get hold of my come in direct conflict with those of drunken man may turn to fighting—a I month_it loSt.fl one-third of its rifle, and rapidly aimed and fired Austria, the Triple Alliance is pal- dnmkcn Lapp often murders. Jokk- hoating ,.ualitv lf a ton of coal is Just as lie was turning round to fin-pably weakened. The question that mokk has one other interesting fca- placed on the*^ ground and left there, ish me. IIo fell dead.
wHhmhcr,aaUlcdt0 bX./States is ^^aà^pari.ctRaUy empty oT“ts Lhed^th^latter" losM^ut "as” per Lo^wor^my chest and shoulder;' but	%JTis^risfor''had been
s:::z.z fhhehe hh™ be
population of southern Albama, Uon The dwelling houses stand a dry place, covered over, and on all	..pnrrFHi'iANFAN MASTERY And when the news came to the ¦¦	_	¦
which has close affinities	twth Greece	rather back from the water on the	sides. The softer the coal thc more	OUR MLDII LHIlANbA.N iL.itï	Kjng fiho conc|U(ied that his army	with mo a fow days, and as	he is in-
could be relied on to	higher ground with a picturesque	heating power it loses, because the	The mastery of the Mediterranean	had been defeated, it is said he cov-	dependent, r.nd I tho reverse,	and had
with the Italian policy.	nujJ0 s	foreground of boats, high-peaked at	volatile and valuable constituents	by Britain, a power owning no conn-	ered his face with his hands and	i0 fif° out daily to business,	my wife
very little doubt but that	the Italian	^oW and stern drawn up on the	undergo slow combustion.	try on its shores, has become in-	wept, and no one ever saw him smile	found him an awful boro to	l& z dur-
Oovurnmcnt Intended taking \ e r v	and fishing nets hanging on	? ¦ —	tolerable for its political and fin an- again.	tuy absence.
drastic steps at Freveza the other' E horizontal poles. Tho people	THRIITY SCHOLAIbS.	ciul consequences, to all the other But are you sure he never smiled Too polite to openly remonstrate
gaps is *¦=	îbshs b---------------------------- ----if: sssss
^ t ' '	'	int< lotion.	V and niUk. and a Uttlc dried reindeer | credit of tlio youthful depositors. 1 armed will bo foimcd.	tickled him?
n-
LABOR IS SUPREME.
ml
to
as umpire lays upon each penny a few grains of sugar, and the game begins. The climate being hot, the Itov. Gcorgo Glover, of St. Leon- room will doubtless be full of flies, Qf | ard’s, England, gives a newspaper which will immediately begin to buzz reporter a few impressions of his round the sugared pennies, though tour abroad.	for so mo time, with the casual per-
versity of their race, they refuse to pitch on any individual one, which naturally adds to the excitement; for tlio man whose coin is distinguished by a fly first settling upon it pockets the stakes.
en
New Zealand Government
Workingmen.
and
Long before and ever since the Berlin Congress of 1878, the Austrian and Italian Governments have been endeavoring by every means in their power to acquire a predominant position In Albania, and of tho two the Italian has probably been the more successful owing to tho family connection of prominent Italian statesmen and politicians, Crispl among others, with tho clans of upper and central Albania Miridltes, the most numerous of the Albanian tribes, are Catholics, and in direct relations with Romo. Generally speaking, none of tho Albanian tribes, north or south, entertain any desire for Austrian rule, while such political aspirations as
e-
>o
ko
by
Ldi
"in
b#
nt
NI
«y
lui
09
bo
Thon the
KO
11-
e-
[Xi
V-
10
I-
Jf
II
‘K
tho
r,
LO
CLEARING THE STAKES
This, however, is for
When
tho Sultan
many reasons Impracticable tho final Hcttlement is made in tho
es
r9
li-
lt
western part of tho Balkan peninsula Albania with Macedonia will necessarily pass under that of Austria-Hungary without a struggle, is now evident not only from the declaration of Signor Guicciardini in the Italian Parliament but from the
up at thc first opportunity of ascertaining the winner.
Sailors do not always gamble with money, but will give slips of paper entitling the holder to a share of their "shot" at the canteen. Every man may have goods on credit from the canteen, and this is called his shot." lie is not permitted to

.<!
w
r-
h
t-
*
16
4 i
y
ir
19
>
»,
>1
t
r
d
gency
d
vide
a
11
! '
Tho attitude of Greece and Rou-manift has probably been defined
o
t
y
*
i would bo unbearable; so if a sailor loses heavily by gambling ho at least knows that ho has dono so iu fair play.
6
I
2
hesiou to Russian plans could be pur-
i
THE FIRST MESSAGE.
"In this way the first message warn sent over the telephone, and I have been told that Brantford calls itself tho "Telephone City
That was in 1875. j_______
“A short tlmo afterward Mr. Charles Williams, of Boston, strung a telephone wire from his office In Boston to his house in Cambridge-port, a distance of two miles was the first telephone wire to be permanently erected.
Since those small beginnings, what amazing progress has been made I "I)o you know that there are nearly 2,000,000 miles of telephone wires in tho United States alone?
» 9
ever since
somehow do not seem so partial to
them.
"Returned volunteers from South Africa to Australia assured me that the Canadian soldiers had achieved by far the greatest reputation at the front."
This
if he
per-
While he
A TICKLISH QUESTION
NOT TIIE WAY SHE MEANT IT.
A correspondent writes:
A brother of mine came to stop
f
<
them At once


###PAGE###4###
»
w -



-.4




THE EQUITY.
SiiAWVlLLE, JULY ÏÏ" 19Cl
THE MARKETS.
oooiH’",.IP TOtr WEED AtT7 PAINTS»*»"™ MASSEY-HARRI8
J Ladysrçitl] Gash Store j WAEBB00MS
SMART & SMITH-
SHAWVILLB
m
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, Ma Oats per bushel, 129 to
Pease per bushel, 60 to (liin.


It is rumorvi the Northwest votne the home of
ii to beam.her large ooloow I Buckwheat, 10c per hush. Russians (30,000) with a jaw-breaking j l'XKs. per dozen, Ilk name. In common parlance the pros pec- | Butter, per pound, VI to 15c. t vo invaders are% known as “ Muk People.”
ri
Is the place for you to buy everything you need. We sell at lowest prices for cash, and pay best prices for • • .. Farm Produce............
o
HARVEST PROBS :
ri
P
O
M
Wool, per pound, 15 to lOv. Pel tu, each, 00 to 75e.
Hides, 91.00 to $5/0. Cftlf>klns. 513 to 1U cents each.
o
H
NNith Douki, fiiUicnns, end Milk Sops, it strikes us tint the N. W. will soon bo anything but an enviable region for Canadians to tende in.
now
H
H

M
I'ooj.losay our Dross Goo,Is i.ru the l„ si
ftuti hlylihh.
&
OTTAWA
They inv fancy
a
The probabilities are that there will be Heavy Grain Harvest.
ft
It is whispered around that this late date an attack is to be mads on the seat of the Local member for Pontiac, and by a gentleman too, high up In the councils of the great Liberal party of this county. % muds, if this be true, what are we coming to ?
Putter, print, 18c. per 11».
palls, 15 to lOv. per 11». Kjggn, fresh, 12c. per <ioz. Potatoes, 40 to 45c. per bug. Lamb, 7 to 12c. per lb. Mutton, 7 to 10c. per lb.
Beef, 5 to Sc. per lb.
Pork. $8.00 to 90.00 per 100. Chickens, 00 to 80c. a pair. Oats, 35 to 35c. per bushel.
Hay, 97.00 to $10.00 per ton. Wool, 13 to 14c. per 11».
a
UdivM Dresses and Mens Suits In un to .lutv styles, m i li t-> order. <'u>to nvr-' chu hnvu their choice from out extra good Scotch Tweeds and Scrutes. Wv guar antee our lanko to be Ursulas*.
even at
w

ti
co
Our Mecllvlm- Department is complete. We only b-rf guo. , ice-.i, pore medicines, sure to cure, f u I,in tie’s lV ' uschek* medicines are known world w id<\
purity °n n rv!atM,y Ih ft guarantee o. high eh
HI
PX
M
MASSEY
HARRIS
BINDERS
Their e-i ami
o

o
td
Our stork of Hoots and Shoes will be sold :it from Ü5 to .VI pci cent h-dow retail pric e, to make room for new stock.
H
O
Nineteen persons killed and 1,611 injure! make up, according to the Chicago Tribune record, the total of casualties of the celebration of theFourth of July in the United States.
W
K
J. F. CRONAU.
P. S.—Don’t forget that we guarantee our goods to be new and up to date.
| ! BUY FROM US AND SAVE MONEY. I |
c '-----------------------------! !
oooooojtagj,	‘ÛVfîCîîD ‘J Toooooo
McCormick Harvesting Machinery
are the best made for this kind of work.
TERMS REASONABLE.
%
C
For
s
-
The event was about ns
NEAT-FITTING
ba.l as a sharp skirmish bet eideralo armies.
weon taro con
Like other thing! glori-
WELL-MADE
??CLOTHING
oui and noisy it was costly.
Mr. I arte has had his eyes open to the «reat possibilities of the French River route, and is now a thorough be-liexer in the scheme. He has been over the ground, so to speak, and is simply amazed at what he saw. He is warmly enthusiastic about the route, and if nothing occurs to cool his ardour before the estimates are prepared for next session, it is altogether likely a substantial sum will j be placed therein for the improvement of rench river—the first link of the great i Ottawa and Georgian Bay waterway. Mr.
T arte is the recognized business head of our “business is business government, |
and what he undertakes invariably teri alizés.
P. 8.-All kind of Repairs, Twine and Machine Oil kept on hand.
Mcfliii $ urn
EVERYWEBRE TAKES THE LEAD.
“THE 2 TAILORS’’ ,	„	-
Main Street, ShawviUe. ! *-very Prosperous Farmer has a
l MÇC0RMEC&
SMART & SMITH.
PONTIAC
WOOLLEN
z
JHE DAVID MAXWELL & SONS
SHOW-ROOMS, SHAWVILLE, QUE.,
FARMERS I
call and inspect our
Binders,
Mowers
and
1
ma-
s <rrwtV
4jf ~

,S
ffOwalkVRe«m6ft*7h(wt M‘viwFi«*liTTu41w«yh»^ni|
MILLS


Found Lots of Water

Toronto, July 4 -Hon. J. Israel Tarte
of his trip a?wnrtheffFrench*iteHn I ^ave commenced opera- callonmI^Corhick
canoes, accompanied by engineers of pub-	110I1S for tile SOaSOll a 11(1
«'ill be found Hioroughi,- THE McCORMICKBINDER.
SÎSsïï: W. witîVeTa‘™t neProsperousRrmeralwaystoa
tour rapide that would render necessary I _r	%.
the construction of dams and locks giving 0t the SlUTOlllUllIlg COUIltry. ~
U'Z'	th. Custom work will receive ! i
«SZ SSÜiÏÏSIïirXrî' c.*refttl and Prompt alien-
agree that four millions would be suffi- tion, and tllC public IliaV c:ent to make the Ficach River a great! i	.. •	.	.	J
l jute for deep draft vessels to Noith r^v 0n getting tllO best Sat-
Ray. From the latter point to the Oct- is fact Inn awa river would be the second stage of1	tUUU’
the great northern waterway.
XT '—
If
!
#.%»# \. *
Right-Hand
CALL
Rakes.
ii’-........**•
MSCORMICK
AGENT


S>

m

a
We have also Buggies, Express
agons, Harness, Churns.
ANDREW fjODGINS,
CK
it
S*
CLARENDON COUNCIL.

va**.
W
Shaw ville, July 2nd, 1001. Regular session of the Council this

McRAE & McGUIRE
Mrs. McIIUIAMS
ALF. HOWARD, - Agent - SHAWVILLE.
day.
9
Members present : Councillors Wm.
<\ McDowell, John Smiley, Jos. Wila n,
James Robinson and Fred. Wilson. t Moved by Conn. James Wilson, see. by
Conn. James Robinson, that Coun Jno. I New Sailor and Walking Hats 81111 ley be and is hereby appoin od Mayor r	o*ii	-rn	,
pro tern. - Carried.	Laces, tellKS, Ï lowers and
SiTiSSS a,M> Feathers, Chiffons and
sec. by Conn. Fred. Thomas, that the Other Novelties ill this
minutes of last meeting he now read	c,	,	^	.
and are hereby confirmed.— Carried.	• .beaSOn S otj’IOS
Moved by Conn. James Wilson, by Coun. James Robinson, "that
Repairs always kept on hand.
RBOE
Here it is I
The PlacelGOODS
1901
1901
NEW
OR
OREMOST
URNITURE.
• e #
NEW
GOODS
HOC.
Where you can get, anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Eavetroughing,
Hoofiqg and
Qepairiqg
Neatly done at lowest * *, prices.
_______________________________ as complaint has been made that Edward
5Iee, Jr., Road Inspector, has not performed his road labor in his road division, this is therefore to command the said Edward Mee, Jr., Road Inspector, to perform his work in his own road division, that a copy of this resolution be sent to the said Road Injector -Carried.
Moved by Coun. James Wilson, sec. by Coun. Wm. C. McDowell, that in the xjvent of W. A. Armstrong, Esq , not i bviiv4 in a punition t<» till the appointment as Auditor of Secretary-Treasurer’s TWo MEN NL‘TIFIEr> P0LIVE that they had
books within 15 days from this date, then I ¥jVSD B0DY NKAR DVcK KUadj I and at that time Heman Armstrong, Esq., is hereby appointed to till the position mpany with R. W. Hudgins, Esq.—
Call and seo Tier. She will please all her customers In prices and styles.
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test and you’ll prove it.
Mrs. McWilliams.
NOW OPENING OUT
Coun. James Wilson, that we now adjourn.
US
AT-
Hugh Mathkson,
Sec.-Trean.
j % Up-to-Date Store
• e
e #
e #
# e
We have also a first-cl
assortment of
Shocking Discovery of Canoeists.
STARKE’S
CORNERS.
TIJRMS REASONABLE.
CHARGES MODERATE. RATI.srACTION GUARANTEED.
PERSONAL ATTENTION.
e •
• •
• •
—O
J. GRAHAM
SHAWVILLE.
Washing about in the waves of the Ottawa is a dead and mouldering body. Whose bcdy it is no one can tell,9 does anyone know the story of its getting there.
Two men that were dressed respectably and who told a straight story, called at the police station Sunday night. They said that they weie cut canoeing near Duck Lake, about six miles down the
Come and have a look at our several lines of Spring Goods now open for inspection.
m com
Oarri_. I I I I	H
Moved by Coun. W. C. McDowell, sec. by Coun. Janies Rob nson, that Stewart Hudgins be and is hereby appointed Road Inspector instead of Win. Stanley.
—Carried.
Moved by Coun. Fred. Thomas,
"Gold Medal" Brand, P.S._H.. t .
»"c»1'juhn ’!,ïik-y ÿkïo i.r'lLliinJteehwi t0oneend of ,llB "irr n,e dtld which we guarantee will* produce 36 to 37 8-lb CalfakinTand Pvlt.0 *'ai‘
w	P&ns of beautiful flaky, white bread? If you
“521jwSS.*SS RdlwïÏÏ' I »>' t.iiing Wt Using a poor flour compare results and you will I FRESH and CURED
!IX Kf STJrt F Sia	. W difference inprice every time.	1
lût %% hTtalSSJ?” ’l" I u“d kl baal and city Bakers
Smart and Bemsley Smart, at the cost of The pollce have 1 C0UPle ol thcorie* »«
¦said partit*.—Carried.	to the bod>' fouIld- Or,e is that a foul
Moved by Coun Fred. Thomas, see. by murder has betn committed. Another ia Com,. Win, C. McDowell, that the Sec - ‘hat the body of a man that wa« found
Treaauier personally go to all delinquent ln,the rlver 8 C0UPle of week' "K" *nd taxpayers and accept from them their WRich was suppoied to be buried was arrears in cash or note bearing six per to* ed out to the wharf and tied there in cent, jwr annum interest for, may thirty or(*er *° Bave funeral expenses, days, payable at the Merchants’ Bank, The county police will likely investi-Shaw ville, with 30c. added to each ac’ gate the matter.—Ottawa .Journal.
count for expenses of collection.—Carried.
nor
WHY BUY a low grade Flour simply
because it’s 25 to 50 cents a barrel cheap-1 DALE BROS
er than our
¦I
sec.
Shawville.
Silas Young.
are
For Sale I
80,000 feet of
LUMBER.
MEATS
Special Prices in 5-barrel lots.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
of all kinds at
Will be sold in any quantity to suit purchasers. The above lumber is composed of inch pine and hemlock ; 2 Inch elm plank, 2x4 scantling and 2 x 8 joists.
We have also for sale Twenty Village lots fronting on Norway Bay.
& GRAHAM,
or WM. GRAHAM,
Elramide, Que,
the shawville
Meat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
Lime For Sale.
Straw Colt.
The undersigned offers any quantity of Lime at a reasonable price.
ROBERT STOREY. Clarendon Front
There is talk of another general elect ion in Manitoba.
Strayed on to the premises of the r._ dersigned on 19th of June, a brown mare Joseph Leduc, the founder of Dawson 1 about 3 years old. The owner is re Complaint of Coun. James Wilson left City, died at Schuyler Falls, N. Y on (laested to come and remove the animal at
—	, Robjmon, -, * I BUST — "*"*
un-
Apply to
over.
proDrietor.





###PAGE###5###




W


J
J
T
>
THE EQUITY,
j
Court Shawville,
No 276.
ŒtiFi
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUnUHUKI) KV Kit Y THURSDAY
AT SHAWVILLM, Co. PONTIAC, QUF
SUBSCRIPTION -$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No vapor «topped until all arrearages are paid, unless by special arrange ruent with tlio publisher.

FARM REQUISITES I
CORKERS FOR VALUE.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
mt
Meet» the 4th Wed nee day of every mouth.
Court due# must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
L.B.C
f. A. Cowan, r 9.
H. H. Baknktt, F 6
A. SMILEY, Prop.
John Bickktt. C. U.,
ADVERTISING RATES t
Legal sdvarttelog. eight rent* per lino for first Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at #4.00 per year.
!,ooal atiuouiicenionis Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first Insertion ami three cents for subsequent Insertions g
Commercial advertising by the month for longer periods Inserted at luw rates
wlileh will be given on application._____________________________________
Advertisements received without Inst rue- '	(,t,or) SHAMPOO, OK
nons accompanying them wtn be Inserted,	A CtKAN Shank.
until forbidden and charged for accordingly, sir Your Turn nprt
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-1___________
11 shed free of charge. Obituary poetry th cents per Hue.
S
HAWVILLB HAVING PARLOR,
J0f|N StylTfj, Proprietor.
The Celebrated .
McLaughlin Carriages
Now in Stock.
Every line in our large range of HARVEST
TOOLS is well thought out from the point of
Suitability, Reliability and General Satisfaction.
We do not deal in Shelf Warmers. Our forte is Reliable Quick-Selling Goods.
f r The spot for—
A Fashion a bi.k Hath Cvt
roe
CEO. HYNES,
ALL STYLES ALL PRICES
JOB PRINTING
All kinds nf Job Printing nestly and cheaply executed. Ordors by mall piompily attended to.	3
JOHN A. COWAN.
FURNITURE DEALER AND	.
UNDERTAKER, |0ur selection embraces the choicest stock of
• the best factories :
These Carriages stand unrivalled for Finish, Workmanship or quality of Material used.
At the Paris Exposition last year the McLaughl Carriages were awarded the Silver Medal—the highest honor attainable in their class, and the whole exhibit
was sold in Paris, proving that for real merit these goods are on top
Publisher
Business Cards.
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
MEDICAL.
Ill
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B.^.,M.D.,C.M.
GRAIN CRADLES, CRADLE BLADES, do FINGERS, SCYTHES,
SNATHS,
SCYTHE STONES, SPADES, SHOVELS and
3 TINE PITCH FORKS,
.*» and ii PRONG GRAPES, FORK HANDLES,
GRAPE HANDLES,
HOF HANDLES,
HAND RAKES,
HOES, GRIND STONES and GRIND STONE FIXTURES.
\ large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Graduate of McGill University,'
OBlue Residence of the late Dr. If. II Knox, Shawville.
"S&ÆyXXSf ""'I'" "«D«„TAK,rô
# •
• e
• #
• #
A. SMILEY.
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the m./st elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trlufly University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Kelliw by examination of Trinity M<mI. College, Toronto. Chick a wo IUwdkmcs : J. H Armstrono's Housm,
8UAWVILL8.
Just received-A car-load of Chatham waggons The best.
District and Country.
MAIN BTRKKT
/W^
The artillery at Deaeronfco shot so straight that the target wai destroyed iu he If a day’» practice.
Richard Walken, an American lawyer, jumped overboard from the ttjamer Furness at sea and was drown?d.
Mr. Andrew Carnegie has intimated his intention to preeent a free lit ra y to the fcowu of Hamilton in Scotland.
LEGAL.
Pure Paris Green and Plymouth Special Binder Twine-Best on Earth.
Express and
Buggy Wheels
ALL SIZES. BIGHT PRICES.
McDOUCALL ancTGUZNER,
BOORBEAD RAINVILLE, L. L, L,
11
ADVOCATE
BRYSON
# #
will visit Shawville every Monday
We have almost everything in Farm Supplies and are in a position to save you money and give you the best goods obtainable.
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, Ac..
%
Hoorn 20, Trust BuUdln* No. 13 Sparks | .aid le beZn. i’h^Dunk'n

pealed in Richmond, County (Jue
At Shawville, second and fourth Thuraday
of each month.
<VHre-over O. F. Hodglna* Store, Main St.
Mr». Pierre Blouin, of Ste. Anne de Beaupre, (jue. Ml dead in a held while returning from milking her cows.
The dead man found at the foot of the f j bridge near Rodney village, Oat.,o n Lake Erie, hai beeu identified as J. H. Hunt, of Hmii t -n.
G.F.HODGINS
CEO. C. WRIGHT
9
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
OK THK PROVING* OF QUKDK( Trust Building—
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
Mf. Thomas Bus worth, an employee of the ( i rand Trunk at Stratford, has fallen i -n q m
4 u	, heir to $150,000. • tie will retire and re- " O.—Try OUF MlCB AXi0 Grease.
A"ends couru of Ottawa and Pontiac aide in Loaduu Districts.
o
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1324
Grand Future For Beachburg
J. 0. ELLIOTT,
haid to keep tab on the old maidi," they villige, in a ie:ent elect lie storm was Rnth ,jL u nn 6 ?n ^ve years. Mr. J. H. Burritt, barrister of the
are liable to go off a tangent any struck by lightning while standing at a	6	'/"l**6 a fourteen town of Pembroke, is now in the city of
window/ The lyntning burned one «ide fZd. no L.U .n ?,'! T ,he‘f Philadelphia reprinting twenty-tive
mmmmm
r",7«f7.h0 4re °n lh0 ®n Pltb-~Aiminle there cm be no more than 105 heir, i raced mmammm	out each one will receive $485.000. In
I all there would be over $12,000,000 for an Entire Family, the Beachburg heirs.—Observer.
ARTHUR McCONfEU, B. C. L
ADVOCATE, &o.,
LAW OHAÜBHBS }
I
MAIN STREET HULL, • • QUE,
DEALER IN
AND MANUFACTURER OF ALL KINDS OF
Pa
Rough and
W. W. IRELAND,
Lumber, Shingles, &c.
Clerk of the District Magistrate#' Court.
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds Mortgage#, etc., executed legally and sail# factor! ly.
now
SHAWVILLE - -
PLANING & MATCHING
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
NOTARY PUBLI \ NOTARY FOIl THE RELIANCE LOAN AND SAVINGS CO., OF ONTARIO.
MONKY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
done to order
CUSTOM SAWING
done as cheaply as the cheapest
conoi ton
A provincial minister says there was At a meeting of the Manchester Cham- reason in view of the larg* receipts from ber of Commerce on Tuesday, Mr. Helm, land and forests to anticipate that the and satisfactory manner. Good# or articles the secretary announced that an auto- government mould have a good surplus j Italians Shot
tmhi
jiwsllehT. trsinf.r of the Plain, of Abraham, bnt there wai but little rain. The farmer. I M/nlrne fbe thTe^h^iam, ih.n
F 9	-'F“fi‘ " i —'=% %%% «îto&Sf £*s£3ts
, -|*plbi=61«*
male holding a second class K. diploma, correspondent rays he learns from a good vey line for 24 miles north of Noith thu morning with his wife to attend the again. At the time of the accident Mias burned to the ground N<> insurance Applications stating salary expected, to source that he has been threatened with Bay. This route wes chosen after Saturday Market, leasing hi. young sons, Park was accompanied by a dog, whose The house belonging to C. Chapman warn J* addressed to the undersigned on or resignation, and that the situation la be- ! searching for a route to the lait and wuit o and 11 years ai home. During the instinct seemed to grasp the situation, occupied bv B Taris was alio dost bef<wo the fifth day of July, 1901.	com mg more and more threatening. It So soon as the surveyors get ever the parents absence the elder of the two child- as the animal went home, and manifested house covered by insurance Mr Tana
PETEK McLEAN,	M proposed that as Lieut. Governor height of laud Mr. Rnasell will come to ren ciroe across a loaded shot gun, used so much uneasiness that the other mem- succeeded in laving the content. Tfa«
Sec'y-Treasurer,	Jette s term is np next year Mr. Parent ; Toronto and lay out the roU) for the for shooting ground hogs and while play- here of the family concluded that some- flames jumped from there to G. Delahev’s
Bryson, Que. sha n-togo m Speocerwood. ! ro#d.	ing with it, shot his ht’le brother dead thing was wrong, and at once went to house ¦ ¦¦ggg
J. J. TURNER,
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County Pontiac. Hale# conducted In a bust nee*-like
HUN STREET, • SHiffILLE,
month. A variety of articles always on hand for sale; Office; Shawville, Que.
HOTELS.
St. Lawrence Sail,
T.„ Q
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress*
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
I Reported Trouble in Quebec
Cabinet.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
end
l JEWELLER
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK OF
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
f
e
A Bad Fire at Pembroke

Rkiaihino-
. A Speciality

Teacher Wanted
wer>
June 25th

ilf

	
###PAGE###6###
J qBÊ m

%Lm

t

\



IN MMP AND HARBOÜR,
1SCAPIN8 CONSCRIPTION.1
CEYLON AND INDIA TEA
NAVAL AND MILITARY NOTES OF THE BRITISH EMPIRE.
) METHODS ADOPTED TO ELUDE
MILITARY DUTY.
GREEN OR BLACK.
Its Virtues are Many ; Its Faults None.
;
i
T
Condensed Paragraphs of Interest to Both Military and Civilian Soldiers.
Recent Trial in Germany Elicited I The Many Ways in Which It Is Done.
That’s saying a good deal, but it is a true statement Probably the most sensational trial t'on can verify it yourself. A trial will pro,, the truth or St4“-ÏÏT»!?ïiA* ATS j
falsity 01 tbo above Statement.	recently concluded st Klbcrfeld, fingers, and thus after a few days
__ when	forty	imiing	rming tbs hand and
4% fi R	m	m	Ceylon Teas	are sold In Sealed	Lead	sovorftl doctorH' woro charged with	foot. It is said that many hundreds
UL” M H	A	il A	Packets nnlv	Rlnrk nu#ni i!nm|AMj	^eing concerned in obtaining the re-	of young Frenchmen have undergone	There nro some gold-fish in Wash-
A ¦	9	r » n .	‘	* u, UllCOlored lease of recruits from military see- this oiwratlon In order to escape log ton which have belonged to the
fc JsSLm 8	A#	ft $ Arm.	t >n 11	Arhree samP'C3	3cnt*	Vice by Illegal medical practices,	conscription. and it was only	sumo family for the last fifty yours,
VJh m&ËWm	BFSü	Address “SALADA,” Toronto.	During the course of the trial, which	through one of them refusing to pay	'"id they seem no bigger and no less
occupied twenty-one days, some as-	that the police got an Inkling of the	vlvi ous to-day than they did when
tounding facts came to light re- work which was being carried on. they first came into the owner's pos-garding methods which have been j	session
-----f	Itoyal Aquarium at St. Petersburg
WARM WEATHER ARRANGE-	ore known to be 150 years old, and
ME NTH	the ago of the sacred fish in some of
the ponds attached to the Buddhist l>o you take your cook away with | temples in China is to bo counted by 1 you in the summer?
| No, oh. no; we can't afford to go ! priests to the kind of place that would satisfy her
nrver varie» from lia Ugh standard mnd Mill maintains Us place Always She people s choice.	Lead Sa otages, ta Sf, 4S, f»o
ae î#»der. and Mote.
I t YOU Want ^sum*. 3cci, poltm. ASM.ee. ether rewire »**rmwee, se
The Dawson Commission Co.
Tho stoker of H. M. S. Canopus, -oyco by name, who struck Captain Niblott at Malta, has been sentenced (to five years' penal servitude and .dismissed from the service.
I The War Department steamer Lord .Wotseley brought to Scilly four
inch guns and 90 tons of tion, including shells and cordite for the new forts just constructed.
Rear Admiral A. K. K. Wilson has hoisted his flag at Portsmouth, in •his Majesty's ship Majestic, as Commander-in-Chief of the Channel Squadron.
F1SÎI 150 YEARS OLD.
six-ummuni-
A few of tho fish In tho
to keep up tho army to its present low zero and water bathing Is
tiP« BBM»ww
".'ir."'.!:; r1"	?r ;:r;
ling trophy to be competed for by1,1,? IU,P,0'° t,le conditions of barrack . let has n bathhouse for common use.
•c vein I ban«ck"n!!(L'nt%nl'" hü1. “r 1U:nm,t.t	In hie latest ! twelve wide
PortsmouthU,,,10ry	^, marks : VtaLXt g.vo ran air or light enter
The torpedo boat destroyer Viper , VOTmg“r ofn<*rs- tho nvw <* "f the interior I:
IIHÜI	%«ÊËËê^
I The lesson to tie learned, soys the Saturday. Early in the morning of Westminster Gazette, is that the that day wood is brought and a lire
iEflsslEliHsiS igp»» ______________________________________________________________________,
Fs55âfB~S!s ¦HwSSsS MISSUS!
-, «.M .it.	.....	ksk'Ssiramtosssys
1 erspira tion pours from the swelter-	,	---->---- run possiblj derive from them. Ile l'7c£tarrh
ing bodies, yet more active exorcise ^ (M)Rcnpts were also shown how to	iri, f	Cart, manufactured by T.J. Cbensi 9c Vo..'
is demanded, and switches come into cleverly feign rupture, while con- PKAR LI I ILK MPD11 *S.	lernuHr	eJ?ki° "u
play Each bather lays on his ‘1,1,11,110:1 waa a,su simulated by Wordsworth's lines of the child at mucoSiMarfaoni of the	In buyti*
neighbor with a will until “En- thrmx'lng »I> blood, which had pro- play, “as if his whole vocation were	9*1* b# euro you get (üo *
y	»L"S1> JSfJSZJ: %» -S?|£S.Sti	"SSUS tit - ' • s&etrsssst
-.rz:d ,o «pr\“.“. ter	sü'l-æïï.'s t vsï.ïîsr	js„*iris' «sAsmerz»1—
bodies are now as red ns boiled lob- Port®d young fellows unfit for svr-	of nurse, rang an imaginary tole-
sters and the blood circulating ac- N *co w*l°	phono on tho watt to talk to Imr
lively. A roll in the snow com- BEEN OPERATED UPON	companion at tho fail her end of the I	I	can't get	on with	that young
pletes this novel bath.	*•*	room, who played the part of doctor, | man at all
In fact several army doctors were Halloa! said the nurse. Is that What'* tho trouble?
How Would You Like to Wear a I	tha°triaiti/ï t^Cur!ior sltt*\* ?f the doctor?	Oh, she gets mad when I say she's
... F,o„„LtndMyH...	FROM THE PLAINS	4"*^Azsr-"‘torastsr--—1 -
rounding country no man is better Several garments made entirely of	,a u 1 ?4,1 dH honorably ac- Ibis lady is \cry ill, he was In-
known or more highly respected than fish-skins, and made to be worn, too,	flTl flUTU H/IUCinn	? ' ‘‘‘h the other prisoners recciv- formed.
L’npt. Goo. Crandell. Forty-seven ^ were recently put on exhibition in	llh I H Hi W Hn\ I	mg sentences ranging from three Well, what seems to be the matter?
_	' 'Zniit'^nTiT::^ practised to	^
the Scugog. Since that time success tion of curios gathered in eastern Si-	^ v	11	,ar«® extent in Russia, probably The doctor, not flurried, inquired	I’nss?n”
has	crowned his life	both	on	land	beria	by	Professor	Berthold	Laufer. I	NEWS 0F ANOTHER SUCCESS 1 more so than in any other country	wlmt had been done for the patient;	*	mllllons	from	^oods-
nnd	water.	For forty-nine	years	ho	ot	the	desup	North	Pacific	expedi-	ON THE PART OF DODD'S | in w,dc,‘ the laws of conscription	but tho nurse, too, was ready in cm-	’	Le
Was a member of the Lindsay town tion. These fish-skin clothes are the !	KIDNEY PILLS	j *m* enforced. So skilfully, however, cigcncies.
council, lie is now 73 years of ago work of tho women of the remote	*	is tho business managed that (he po- She answered:	I gave lier two pads
and enjoys the best of health, but it (;‘lyak and Gold tribes of tho River	- \icc experience the greatest difficulty of blotting paper.
has not always been thus. Some Amur, and very odd garments they &n Alberta Man Reports His En-i tracinK	parties concerned,
years ago the exposure and worry a,;v	j tire Satisfaction with the ltut n fow months ago the authori-
incident to his calling began to teil The tribes live entirely by fishing World Famous Remedy—Blood i ti<XS 111 M°scow succeeded in arrest-
mmmm mmm
mon medical aid	lsufrer^ much I ments.	6 hdence in thorn. They do as they loc\k"!* contraction of the joint op- germs. Start now to use Catarrh-
pain and at times was attacked by Sa,mon skin, when made into	are claimed to do.	h^Vi ,UP°n	C 10,1 s '^re chief-	ozone. Inhale it into the throat.	Between 1828-18.17 Hudson’s Bay
smothering spoils which caused me I clothes by the Amur Indians, is like	Nor is the claim a small cne.	,y , c soas ()t P°°! people, who	nasal passages and bronchial tubes;	was closed each winter for
great distress. Frequently these	kid in appearance and softness tut	Dodd's Kidney Pills* are claimed to i could not afford to pay	much for bo	it goes	wherever the air you	breathe	j ago	of	181	days,
spells attacked me during the niirht	** is tou£her than kid—in fact, al-	cure some of the most dangerous ;	Inked, ' although	many of the	goes,	and it	will prevent and	cure	now	fallen to 179
and it was with difficulty that I most °-s tough as parchment. It is and deadly maladies that flesh is well-to-do often placed themselves in Hay Fever Endorsed by not less
managed to breathe at all I con- d*vod yellow, and red, and indigo and heir to, and what is more, they do her hands.	j than one thousand doctors in ( an-	For Over Fifty Years
suited several doctors, but their somo of 1,10 garments into which it	il- The proof is positive.	Thou»-	It appears that the woman's hits-	atla nnd ^ s<?nt to any address	Mm. WmiLow'i Soersmo &mvr kss bwe wed by
medicine failed to benefit me. I then }s made aro highly ornate. Curious-	and thousands of	reputable	band, who died about two years ago	for $1 00 forwarded to Poison Chem- |	|îl^0thî,°îbïïhuT^UMlh^î.n.ÎMîS-îJiS*
tried a much advertised remedy but y enouoh. most of the orna men- people attest it.	had also carried on this extraordin- J^a t-°-. Hartford, Conn., U. S., or inndroUo. repiistM thotoinMb m>1 i>o««u, and
this also failed to help me. I had	talion is on tho back	For	instance	everyone	knows	ary trade, and after his death the Kingston, Ont.	|	ni» wedj r»r >..r h,rx ucwti » i
always been fond of smoking, but I	71,0 garments aro sewn together	Bright's	Disease	at one time	meant	| widow continued in the same busi-
Was in such poor health that a few	f,na thread, also made of fish- the sentence of death. Does it now? ness. The police had long had sus- In 1800 the United States export-
puffs from a cigar would distress me i • Sn nnof h°r U9<‘ to which Ask Arthur Colely, of Somerset, picions regarding the illegal opera- ed 120,000 bales of cotton In 1900 so much that I had to give it up al-	1 km, put ls to decorate the Man. He was cured of Bright's Dis- tions which she carried	on, but she
I _	*¦. I grew worse day by day	7. 3 °\ ?oUl men and women, sec- oase. the last stages of it, by Dodd’s liad always managed to	evade them,
and began to think my end was near	' ° ''g ' y-coloured	skin being	Kidney Bills.	until someone betrayed her by giv-
and that 1 would die from the trou-1	«.* !l 0,1 h" 1 v udc	wkich the	Dodds	Kidney	Pills will cure the	|ng information to the authorities.
boots arc made.	lesser disorders of the human sys-1	6
One of the fish-skin garments in the tern arising from Kidney Disease "I Üni'fo1,'1!? ,'iS..l\WaT r,T'!°r,Ki:n»- with just as llluch certainty find nn | recently unearthed a whole band of
tlwnwenrerUV°	th° “nkU's ol sl“te of 11111 bl,’ud,llre, tl,u mosl woman m Moscow, they made de-
imsmsmm
oned in a graceful arabesque design. T had been troubled with Pimples 1 caH was lssuca 1 he edges of the arabesques are all over my face, and Backache, fastened to the body with as minute tried everything to cure it, all kinds stitches as if sewn by a machine, of medicine, but failed.
Bands of simpler designs ornament “I was told to try Dodd’s Kidney
Pills and did so at once. I got three boxes of Dodd’s Kidney Pills and took one after every meal.
They cured me. They are the only things that ever did mo any good. 1 will always use Dodd’s Kidney Pills in case of sickness and advise all other sufferer’s to do so."
not
Seaman
FRAGRANT
§Q29m
c nturies, it wo are to behove the
mart's him imnaan's Friend.
! U is perhaps fifteen feet long, i _ I . ¦ "	U boasts no windows
ro- | and only whan tho door is opened
In tho mid-an ovenlike
3 ptiEtct liquid dintlfrltl for ths I Daughter (sobbing)—1 lost my temper with Jack and threw a t— toa-• cup at his head,
| Mother—You poor child! And I'll wager you haven't a bottle of china cement in the house.
A DAILY THOUGHT.
The strength and glory of n town dors not depend on its wealth, its walls, its great mansions, its forceful armaments; but on tho number of its learned, serious, kind und well-educated citizens.
Teeth «d Mouth

25
c
| What time is it? linked lits suspiciously, as lie cumo in.
I one.
, three
commence to stutter? he said, with u feeble attempt at justification and a joke.
wife
Just then tho clock struck Gracious ! When did the clock
tuining 35 knots.
“ Recruiting is undoubtedly on the as the current returns are
Axk for Minard i and lake no other
wane
allowing against all official optimism.’ says the London Express Influx of men is steadily diminishing; more men are wanted and fewer are
Dll) TIIK REST SHE COULD
1'ho
Louise (in surpriso)You don't
wr « ni organize it Untilry system fails us, Mr. Rrod-rick's scheme must speedily collapse "
The Gazette announces that the conspicuous gallantry medal has been awarded to the undermentioned petty officers and men of tho Royal Navy, in connection with the recent
Mr. Brodrlck. in recently forwarding L,*> to the widow of Private Barry, informed her that lier husband, had he lived, would certainly have been recommended for the Victoria Cross A correspondent wrote to Mr Brodrlck and asked him whether it would not. be possible to award tho Victoria Cross to the next of kin, of every deceased soldier who had earned it, In reply, the Secretary for War regretted that the fact that the V l . hud never been delivered to the next-of-kin, unless a man had been
HEART TROUBLE
t
( nu
BROUGHT ON BY EXPOSURE
AND WORRY.
Capt. Geo. Crandell, of Lindsay, Tells How He Secured Released From This Dangerous Malady.
HARD TO PLEASE
FISH-SKIN CLOTHES
wo*
From the Watchman, Lindsay. Out
Several garments made entirely of fish-skins, and made to be worn, too, were recently put on exhibition in the Museum of Natural History in New* York, in a remarkable collection of curios gathered in eastern Siberia by Professor Bert hold Lan for. of the Jesup North Pacific expedi-WM • These fish-skin clothe tr# th
of the remote
Keep iinord's Lionel» in me loose.
Forty-seven
AV EWtiO SO
1 he British working-class family spends on an average $1.70 a week Uny on liquor.
HAY FEVEIt CAN RE PREVENTED
Minord’8 uoneoi is used by pnysicions.
ocean
an aver-This average has
lithe
J?. •-
:
Duly 11,000 acres of Norway is under wheat, while barely one-twon-ticth of the land surface has been cultivated.
she sold 0.430,000 bales
together
ever
W. P c. 10 M
St. Martin, Que , May 25. 1895 C. C. IUCHARDS & CO.
hie
Some time ago 1 was advised to try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills 1er taking one box I noted provemcnt in my condition and so I continued their use proving till now I am as well and strong as I ever was in my life before and have not been bothered with the least malady for months to enjoy a smoke ns f used to without feeling the least distress, this 1 owe to the greatest of all medics, Dr. Williams' Pink Pills."
Rich, red blood and strong are the keystone to health Hams' Pink Pills are the most widely known and praised of medicines
TIIE POLICE OF PARIS
Af-
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
fer all akin ailments.
an ini
Gentlemen,—Last
¦ II ¦¦	November my
( hiId stuck a nail in his knee, causing inflammation so severe that I was advised to take him to Montreal and have the limb amputated to save bis life.
A neighbor advised us to try MIN-
£|***w*«.Mu, >m
all right , mid I find so grateful that I send you this testimonial, that my experience may be of benefit to others.
I kept on irn-
Like the
sign of my former I am now able
All
Brass Band
re-
They would then j' I And out those who wished to escape the service, and for a thousand francs offer to cause them a bodily infirmity which they said would, of course, heal up again after a time, but which would prevent the army
SHZ'LZZr I —F- - “ i »c-'
twisting and squeezing the toes and take out all these strings I
nerves
Dr. Wil-
LOUIS G AG NIER
Instrumente, Drums, Uniforme. Cto
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
Ivoweet prices ever quoted. Fire catalogue 3)0 illustrai!'ns, nuRca free. Write us for any thing in Music er limitai Inslrunienl-*.
Toronto, Out.and Winnipeg. Man.
are
A TEDIOUS PERFORMANCE
An-
store weak
This garment is further ornamented with scroll figures in blue, each about two inches long, over the entire surface
front, is a fair imitation of a rooster, tail feathers and all.
take
any substitute—do not take an\ thing t liât does not bear th-- full
name
Pale People the box.
Dr. Williams* Pink Pills for on the wrapper around Sold by all dealers or by mail post paid at 50 cents a box or six boxes for $2.50 by addressing the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Urockvillo, Ont.
Toronto,
Ont.
P »
FEATHER DYEING
Near the neck, in
A SUGGESTION.
Don't you think that the wires all ought to be put under ground? asked Cawkor.
Yes, and the wire-pullers, too, replied Cumso.
ClwelBS Red Ou/llog and Kid Ulores cleaned Th canbe eeel by put, le per oa. ibe best place ii
Qttfoiuùxx; Ixi *uX "hufes i/j- IccSt, n
Uncufcuu t coy, Ÿ* AcoX
*ffwa it uxJaxaty ont, 4/iZl'u+tlf f&ast ufpa -if- qU U\ i'UcCTis
Su/ton /fc
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO.
MONTREAL.	1
A NOVEL BATH.
Dominion Line Steamships
*3k
operations in China William John Glu
class ; I nalmon seaman man man steward.
A three clays* bazaar, in aid of a soldiers* Institute now in course of erection at Bulford Camp, was opened by Karl Roberts at Salisbury. He salt a question he was often asked was, "How are you to get recruits
How It is Done in Finland 40 Degrees Below Zero.
A primitive sort of Turkish bath is indulged in by some of the Finlanders of Northern Norway. In winter in this part of the country the thermometer averages forty degrees be-
petty officer
Harry Swannell, loading nig; William Parsonage, able ; Patrick Golden, able sea-Ernest Whiblcy, ordinary sea-Thomas Gardner, sick berth
second
SYMPATHETIC
tST,
tear
You ought to think more of others But I do
•orslfelwse#
BpVbcn the first of the month comes around I am as blue ns can be. wondering what my creditors will do.
foi
“•Mitti.

4 Co..
onSotn

\vooo* Photo EnCzKavIng
J. L.JONLS I NC C? .
& 8 10 AMUlOf $TW fORONIO
Sozodoilt '"‘"•Teeth «»« Mouth 25c|	\U
AU ÿtèazs-

###PAGE###7###

I

I
*!2fi£M3R
ransom for my girl, and I am quit willing to let him have it wretched thing hus caused sufficient misery to make mo only too glati to bo rid of It.”
I hope however, wo shall b< able to get her without giving it 1 said. "Now let us go aft to
NOVA SCOTIA’S TRIBUTE TO THE BRAVE :?
f

Th»
: Love Conquers t
The Man Who Knows.
Tho Memorial Which Is to Be Erected in Halifax
by the Residents of the Province.
é
?
: Death
t

up
? ?
lunch.”
'1 ho day following we wcro within "Ho thereupon begged my par-I a hundred yards of our destination, don, asked mo to attribute hie lm- and by mid-day of tho day following patience to the collector's eager- that again were near enough to ren-ncss, and after a fuxv last words | der it advisable to hold a council bade me 'good-night,' and left the | over our intended house
"When hie cab had rolled away | the Marquis, Wethercll. tho skippci I went back to my study and sat and myself, met undci thinking for awhile. Then some- awning to consider our plan of war thing prompted mo to take the stick The vessel herself was hovo to, for out of tho safe. I did so, and I we had no desire to put in an ap-sat at my table gazing at It, wonder-1penrance at tho island during day ing what tho mystery might bo to | light, which it was tho key. That it was not what Hr. Nil *. had described | .in to consideration.
i
SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDI NO CHAP-
Wetherell Is abducted by Nikola wào demanda m I
from her father £150,000 and
As Mrs. Morgan bent wood heap in the yard of her Aus-| tralinn homo in the dusk of the early morning, she felt a sharp, fiery sting in lier arm, and looking down, saw a snake glide away among the logflj says a writer in Youths' Compare it had passed the night in tho! wood heap, and angry at being dis-' turbed, had stung her. She flung down her armful of logs and rushed into the house. A sharp butcher knife lay on the table; this she seized and cut the wound and the cd the blood
thi '
over

VA
re mom
ter tous Chinese «tick. Mr. Wrlbore U and her lover, Me herd ll.ittcrae attempt a coup to release her but ere betrayed. Hattora* finds ebo has boon carried to Pipe Liinriu. A yucht la equipped end pursuit commences. Wotheroll tolls tho story of China Polo's stick.
-AS
movements. Accordingly a little before lunch thm

V A

ion
*
the aftci
m
$4
£ tl
m
Tho
first matter to bo taken
I think, Mr Wothcrcll, ” Raid tho skipper, "Is the "At the end of half an hour I point as to which aide of tho island put it in my pocket, intending to we shall bring up on.”
I "You will ho able to settle that.'
CH A PT lu H V.—Continued.
(	But she had little
hope, for the bite was from the fange of a venomous snake, arid she had received the full force of the poison.
Already she seemed to feel the first symptoms of coming death in the deadly lethargy which crept through her limbs. The thought of her babies, now lying asleep in tho adjoining room, further agonized her, for a' mental picture rose before her of her darlings starving slowly to deathJ And how sad would be their father'd , home-coming! flow terrible, to find! the wife and children ho had left' alive and well lifeless corpses!	‘
i Then her mother-love cried out fo^
, tîroe, only a little time, in ordeff that she might provide for themj Her husband had been away shears
weeks.
back in a fortnight
prepare enough food to keep them for that time
use to try to take the children to1 the nearest neighbor, fifty miles disj tant; she would die on the way and' leave tho helpless little ones in the Tho old horse might know ! enough to take them to their destination, but. probably he would return home. There was ample flour , in the house; she would bake and
you propose that I	cook’ ftr»d fight back death until cn-
wc	reach the hut when wc	ough food was prepared to keep
to make a loner story an<1 7 . ,F thore an-v undergrowth. iWwMflsKdBKsKai	the children alive until their father !
demanding from me, on behalf of a	Wo W,U thcn ascend the lull #	f 1 'r'H't'l _ %	up thc dough she had prepared over-
Chinese	characters wliich was said	nt)l <>xpcct u8 from that quarter, and	batchcfl of bread, and placed
to have	been stolen by an English-	, Wl|1 a>.,1,CfLSt be casicr than climb-	them in the warmth to	rise.
And	that is?’	Pete. This was very clear)v another	firc‘ What do you say?"	drowsiness came over her,	but
A	Chinese	executioner’s sym-1 attempt	on Nikola’s part to obtain	They all agreed that it seemed	shc resolutely fought it down.	She
bol of office.’	possession of it, so I replied to tho Practicable.	>	,nust do her work, and death must
u^ffiJïïr rJi’ywte?-1	n”1 "ueri-'-ii-	mu scmn «««»'*¦• ™ h« »„<, fell ™ sou™	sur;
’Of course my reason for wish- <lcn to “e- What was more, I be- When the arms had been dis-	qttmmttï Panurrivr	( .	.	partly left her.
ing to buy it is rather a hare-brained ^<in to develop that extraordinary tributed and carefully examined,	oumiuer PROBLEM.	clc may be easily overcome, by pull- Even now, when night had come,
one, but if you core to let me have ;f< ar ot Niko*a which seems to seize the sixteen foot surf-boat was un-1	_ Mn8 down the shades of one set of and the children were peacefully
it	I	will give fifty pounds for it ypun every one who has any deal-	covered	and	preparations	made for	! T	v _	windows, especially as	it is hardly	sleeping, she did not dare to lie
with	pleasure.	in&8 wdh him. When I went home	hoisting	her	overboard.	By the	-KeeP °u* *“e	Mosquitoes But ever	desirable to have	the sunshine	down lest she should never rise again
•• 'Not enough, Dr. Nikola/ I England some months back, I j time this was done it was late in tho I	Not the Air.	I and light, come from both sides at She looked round with intense sat-
said with a smile.	dl(I iL because my spirits had got : afternoon, and almost soon enough The usual «mmmor nrr»hi»m h^vo orîîe*	isfaction on the pile of loaves she
into such a depressed state that I for us to bo thinking about, over- best to k<‘on ti, m,LmUnl n,?, <\Z The same system of netting may he had baked; at least her babies would could not remain in Australia. But coming the distance which sei.ar-o'tofvour	appllcd to hammocks and ia equally not starve
I took care to deposit the stick with ated us from our destination. Ex- time to‘ admit ^ niurh »ir Is nn^i effective. In fact, it is well known dawn,
my pluto in the bank before I left.	actly at	four	o’clock, the	telegraph	blo	is nnL, nIL/c‘îmhL P	that	fishermen protect themselves	day, might she not recover? Then a
there it remained till I returned,	on tho bridge	signalled "go ahead.”	As the host mutimH nt Vnnntvtrr	fr?m	5nats in a similar	manner, cov-	dim recollection came of having
when I put it back in its old hiding- and we were on our wav once more, tho mnsnuitno* i« in	J ., er^n6 themselves with their casting heard that if one could ward off the
5-as:'==zr:z:
=>|rp~~	jarA-arra a .= BHSx.'SïS
to lock the door upon it.	lie unbuttoned his coat and ”?thlng but the lovo of M,m ~ j» diameter. The comparatively	monarch in strength, and cried j A REMAnKABLE COW
sswr surs» =	Æ	x-ssüt	""~
will temot vou?’	shape he had described I	it opinions.-—H. Heine.	mcndation of the new method.	* 11 five dollars.
- -I'm afraid the offer of ten times from him and gazed at it careful I v	Ho wht> !ivc8 onlv v’ l,encfit, him* While the meshes are large enough Done- done! You shall have it. I versing on their favorite subject Af-
,».L ....... would ..... .. dU.«- |,. ... ...or..,	.... wild w^i ||^^o^'w^Td.
The integrity of men is to be mens-	time,	it	will be	found that the	flies	a ,ion s* and putting on the wolf all	the corner of the room said he had
ured by their conduct, not by their	will bo	excluded	simply from	their	OVeV his bead and shoulders, old	a coin which bore the image of the
profession.—Junius.	dread of venturing across the thread- Marlow strode off to the aggressor Queen's mother-in-law. The company
'»he higher wo a. se the more iso-	work.	and, seizing the terrified wretch by	wouldn’t believe it, but the old man
I ated wc become; all elevations are	The	beauty of	this method is	that	the collar, said to him in a whis-	persisted, and said that he would
cold —Do Bouifflcrs.	the admission of the air is in no way per that was heard all over the wager £5 that he could produce it,
Calumny would soon starve and die impeded, the wideness of the netting room •	"Done,” exclaimed one of them, and
When he saw that on his part I would show no mercy I Many countries have curious meth- deal of the air at the same time.	NEXT ME AI	WOMEN anxious iu makky.
I was not to be moved his temper I Put why had Mr. Wetherell brought I ods of making money to reduce tax- There is but one condition to the	Marriageable women in Scrvia haw
gave wav and he bluntly told me	the curio with him	now?	I put I alien. In Hesse,	Germany, a tax	proper working of	the suggested	sys-	That	man says	he	never knows	a que€r way 0f announcing they an
that I would have to sell	it to hi in.	the question to him.	I has been put upon	bachelors, who	tem—the light must enter from	one	where	he’s going	to	get his	next	jn the matrimonial market. A drew
'There is no compulsion in tho I	*01 nne very good reason,” he I now have to pay 25 per cent more side of the room only, for if you meal.	ed doll, tinging in the principe
matter ' I said warmly.	The curio	answered. "If it is the stick	Nikola in taxes than married men. The re-	have windows on	the opposite	side	Is he	so poor?	window of a house, indicates ths
(i my own property, and	I will do	is after, as I have	every right to suit has been that	many well-to-do	also the flies will	pass through	the	No; but he’s a collector and	eats	thCrc is living there a woman whe#
jua<, %'• i please it/	I suppose, he may demand it as a | bachelors have emigrated to Prussia, netting. Nevertheless, that obeta- wherever he happens to be.	anxious to become a bride,
If
"As tho clock struck eleven I maid good-night to the last of F I
my guests upon U,o door-step. The cm.
had not gone fifty yards down street before a hansom drew up before my door and u man dressed in a heavy cloak Jumped out. Bidding tho driver wait for him ho run up toy steps.	mmmmmmmmm u
'Mr. Wetherell,
take it upstairs to show my wife, | locked tho safe again and went off answered Wetherell, looking at to my dressing-room. When I had I
tho
me
U
You nro acquaint- <1 with the plut described the interview and shown | and can best advise us ”
Z sy-A-Siaa, “Js I	fA SJ5 a s
wont to bed.	deck and drawing an outline with a
s*st.;.r¦&-»\*y ss. il*5s.- a;
sound of some one knocking IIcro if) thc bcst nnchorag YjoionUy at my door. I Jumped doul,t. but hero la the point
1 ülli#|
as we suppose, will be on n little plateau looking south, and hard by the only fresh water on tho island.M
sort of anchorage shall we get there, do you think?" asked tho skipper, who very properly wished to run no risk with his er s boat.

I
I believe?' ho I nodded and wished him ‘good-evening/ at the
asking his
" 1 will tell you with pleasure,*
ho answered, ‘if you will permit five minutes alone with you. most important and an I leave Sydney early to-morrow, morning ! you will see that there is not much time to spare.'
"I led tho way into tho house and to my study, which Was in tho rear, overlooking tho garden. Once there I bado him be seated, taking up my position at my desk.
Thon, in tho light of tho lamp,
I became aware of the extraordinary personality of my visitor of middle height, but beautifully made. His face was oval in shape, j table with a deadly white complexion.
In contrast to this, however, his eyes and hair was dark as night. Ho looked at me very scnrchingly for a moment and then said:	My busi-
ness will surprise you a little I exit'd, Mr. Wetherell. First, if you t^il allow me 1 will tell you something about myself and then ask you a question. You must understand that I am pretty well known as an Eastern traveller; from Port Said to the Kuriles there is hardly a place with which I am not acquainted. 1 have a hobby. I am a collector of Eastern curios, but there is one thing I have never been able to obtain.’
HÉk
• •
said
if
same time
without
where
mm
mo
It is
j
m
flVjm ||1

He would bdf and she inustf

, .V
i
me

'What is tho matter?’ I cried.
” 'A burg lari' was his answer.
We've got him downstairs; caught him in the act.*
’T followed tho officer down to the study.. What a scene was there! The safe had been forced, and its contents lay scattered in every direction
# #
m.
m
It would t
of no
Ht
A
And what
• *
m
• •
M0ii
IJW WW ))$gp
<0- m '"i
-
^ II iMiVlIlii il ' '
muimiiiiimmm-\\*\ um^g
own-
cart
He was
"Mostly coral
¦¦None too good, perhaps, but as wo shall have steam up, quite safe enough.”
"And how do
One drawer of my writing-was wide open, and in a corner, handcuffed, and guarded by ft stalwart constable, stood a Chinaman.
#4IV.
•»
Ay ,avI

"Well

wm

!
I
l

I
f« «
«< I

# 9
9 t
9 9
He jumped as if he had been shot, and then clasped his hands tight on tho arm of his chair. My random bolt had gone straight to the heart of the bullseyc. This man then was Dr. Nikola, the extraordinary individual against whom China Pete had warned me. I was determined now that, come what might, he should not have tho stick.
Do you not consider the offer I made you a good one then, Mr. Wetherell?' he asked.
M
Then hope began to' If she had lived through tho
The net- was worked out of the blood life
# <

9 9
Recently, at one of the large hotels in Liverpool, several enthusiastic students of old coins were con-
enco,* I replied, feeling more con- writing, and had a piece of gold silk vinced than ever that I would not attached to the handle. There was part with it.	nothing very remarkable about it ;
¦ lie laid himself back In his but 1 must own I was strangely chair, and for nearly a minute and a fascinated by it when I remembered half stared me full in the face, the misery it had caused, the changes
so I ! and chances it had brought about,
S 9
You have teen Nikola's eyes, so l aim mania» h nau Drought about, needn’t, tell you what a queer effect | the weird jtory told by China Pete,
they are#We to produce.
an endg^^gj going without a drive a bargain
9 9
	
###PAGE###8###

j *


\
r
E. HODCINS & SON'S ADVT.
Hot Weather
Bargains
QOOD NEWS
ouR
For Men and Women
?
?

»
LEADERS.
?
:

High Class Goods
»
?
?

?
»
AT THE VERY LOWEST PRICES.
WHITE BOOTS, RED BOOTS,
BLACK BOOTS AND SHOES,
PATENT LEATHER BOOTS
in fact everything in the line of
SPRING AND SUMMER FOOTWEAR
from a Goodyear Welt to a common Split Bal.
can be had at the
?
English Worsted Suits, all colors
Imported Serge Suits, black and blue - - - -
20th Century Umbrellas at - -
t
$15.00
»

i
While we have no surplus stock of old or unsaleable goods on hand, we have decided to make some special bargains for our own customers, and we offer in


!
$12.50
BOOT & SHOE STORE.
SHAWVILLE.
$1.00
Dry Goods
Every piece of our reg 12 and 15 cent Pi

OPPOSITE PONTIAC MOVSti
N|. STEWART
ular
rints
for only - - -	10c. per yard.
Boots and Shoes
A. A. IV|cGUIRE.
r. S.—We take Eggs for Boots
OTTAWA, NORTHERN THE WAR & WESTERN R'Y.
AG. SOCIETY NO. 1
pairs Men’s Dongola Laced Boots, usual price $1.25 to $1.50, now $1.00
Groceries
24
List of Growing Crops to be Competed for this year
$2 00	1	75	1	no	I	25	1	00
2 00	1	75	1	50	1	25	1	00
2 00	1	75	1	50	I	25	1	GO
2 00	1	75	1	50	1	25	1	(Kl
2 00	1	75	1	50	1	25	1	00
2 00	1	75	1	50	1	25	1	00
2 00	1	75	1	50	1	25	1	00
2 00	1	75	I	50	1	25	1	(Ml
2 (Ml	I	75	I	50	1	25	1	00
2 00	1	75	1	50	1	2
2	CO 1 75	1 50 1	25	1 00
2	00 1 75	1 55 1	25	1 (Ml
As the judges	are expected	to shirt	on	their	tour of	inspection	of crops	on	Mon
20th of July,	it	will	be necessary	to have all	entries for	same in	the	hand*
•vvtary not later than Saturday, the 27th.
Rats in Millions in Capo Town

(Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
C#pe Torn. Jniyfr.-Wy hiv fluw 2 mw» Spring Wheat . ,	the plague with us four months, and - do tints.................
Summer Tims C&Pl	the harvest <f dea'h had t xceedtd 2 do Peas..................
Talim Effect, May May 13, Ml. ZSmPJZt
pit cent, of those attacked.	1 d ' beed Corn. « * •
The most re mail alb feature is the ! do Potatoes...........
et ormous part that rati have taken in do Sugar Ibvts. .. the spread 11 the duetto. Capetown must do Swede Turnips
bear away the palm among rat-ridden do Mangolds................
cities of the w orld. There are veritably Haiden of \ egetahles millions of th in her \ Their rum are 1 acre of Beaus labyr nthine, and th« r i is scarcely a house in the city whkli can claim to bf
Train No* l leaves Ottawa r> 00 P, M Title N<
Train No Train No Train No
Train No. t* arrives
1
S.4’i A. M 1.00 A. M
Our famous line of 20c.
Japan Tea - - now only 17c.
arrives
leaves
1 on
6.15 V. M.
1.30 P. M.
S.10 P. M.
7.45 P. M:
A. M.
Trains No. 1 an l 2 daily except Sunday.	, .
Train No. t ami 4 daily «x.-ept Saturday & Sunday. | free frein them Trains No. 5 and 0 Saturday only.
Trains No. 7 and s Sunday only,
For tickets apply Ticket Agent, Central Stat'on
P. W. RESSEM AN,
Uen'l Sup't
arrives
vs
es 1
Train No. s ar Train No. 7 leaves
We have a few Ladies’ and Cents’ Straw Hats at greatly reduced prices.
lay, the •f the S
(lovei timent LI oust) was rat-infested, and w." s owing to the discwery uf carcases of rata that are said to have died of ,	.	.	,	,
MS ,S ÎÎÎ*. I "Jïliia Stir™ hBR .... —.
la d down under the boards a weeks?gi. The whole if the Government vthcea are being treated in turn in like manner, and the aaa.e process is going on all over the town.
A very pleasant went took place at
i of Mr, A. Bowman, 599 Gilmour Street, <> tawa, June 29, the marriage of his eldest daughter, Misa Aggie J., to Mr. Fred. Crain, also «»f t It taw a. The bride was dressed in pearl g cy silk trimmed with cream applique and in the latest style. The bridesmaid, Miss Ada Bowman, sister of the bride, was dressed in white dimity trimmed with white lace .•Mid pearl». Little Miss Crain, sister of the groom, was maid of honor. Robert Crain supported the groom. The presents were both numerous and costly.
few Bristol
Mr. Bub Hamilton aid hie bride ire here on a visit to him Father.
The Orangemen'» annual ; a mde tve-k place an Sunday the 7th init at St. Stephens. The itruion was delivered by the Ri v. t ' L îuimie.
A?1,n€r , Arrive J 1. | Rua that had died from plague were ; Preparations are in progress for a rt u-rKardUyk	"	9.06	found under the there of the Supreme !	j„g picnic here on	the 12.b, under the
Parker’* Crossing %	Court, in the Treasury buildings, in the	auap ees of the L.	O, L No. C7 of thi*
fOuyon8	“	S:4t*	plague admmiitration depar.mcnt. ai.d	p«aCPe Several sister lodges will be here
Wyman’s	"	8.22 j	iii Zîoa of other public otthes. It is a	allt| many other*.
?Tad*	!!	^	common exper eoce when taking up the Miss. Lena Dale	nas the quest of Min
McKee’s	"	8 02	floors of a dw«l ng-house in the city to !	E. Judd latt week
Bhawville	"	7.52 I	hud from thirty to forty dead rate under |
!!	7 ?J Ihe floor of one room.
BBVS„; *	“	l.it Rata infest the hospitals ton, and the	,
tj Vinton	**	7.0$ =	I late Yeomanry Bctji al t.t M.itlai id,	|	OTTSR LAKE. AND LESLIE
•Me'uon’s	“	£» near Capetown, built less than a year ago	----- . I Winnip-g, July 6-Mr. Ena, » |n-
1.55 Arrive Waltham Leave	6.30	and rtcdntly so d to the Cape (iovsrn-	Quite a few of our	neighbors went to |	mj|,ant r«»iceiit of	U< 8*.hern, Bask , has
•Flag Station. tTank. PFlag St ill on.	ment for a plague hospital, is horribly in-	Furl Cuulonge for the pun c on the 4 b.	reccjve(] wnrd frrm	Rullja that	the sect
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway fasted with them. A vigorous war has ; Mr. W. M. Kelly got an iron spike run known ag the Molukainee, < r Milk People at Aylmer.	been wi g-d against the vermin, bat the	through his Land on	Tuesday, causing a t	to this	country to	settle in
P. VV. RESSEMAN,	number caught in no wwyatfccta the grand	» very ugly wound,	but which is now |	Saskatchewan
general SUPERINTENDENT | Uul.	. healing up. ^	. .	There are about 32,000 souls. They
A large number of cats * rh euEc'ent Miss. Ben ice Farrell arrived h„mel ^tfle along the north branch, be-sportive instincts t > engage in a rat hunt	from the Ladies	College Ottawa, to spend	tween	fto*thero and tiattleford.
have died from plague. Hundred of	vacation under the part nil roof.	Mr.	Ene 1 as known these people	for
ferrets have been brought from England	Miss Edith	Farrell, whohai been	yean and 8peaks h'ghly of their	Attain-
ti reuse the rats from their lairs in the , visiting friends	in Shawville, returned | mentB
city, but many of t#iem have contracted ! home Wednesday.
the disorder, so much so that the author- Messrs C. Cars: n, and W. A. Moore, nies have togun to dis pair of the utility went to Bhawville, oa Wedcesdsy. of the ferret fur tLii work in this I Mr. O. DejarJin went to Shastille country.	I Tuesday, returning Wednesday.
The worst of it is that although the | The picnic on Thursday in Mr. W cases are fewer lately, no opinion can ' Farre 1 s grove was fairly well attended, be formed as to the prospects of the and the bill in Mr. Hoys ha.I at night stamping out of the disease. The rats i had a go >d call; there were quite a few have trekked from the lower parts of the visitors fiom a distance the dsy was tine town owing to the vigorous measures of although cloudy. Mr Imison, artist, of the cleansing staffs, but they have a; pjared Shaw ville, waaonths grounds and took in the best residental quarters of me city j * few snapshot* of some of the inhabi*
nd have also gone tv hunts.
Rubbers for Gem Jars (Tints and Quarts) only 5c. per dozen.
Official Time Table
DEAD RATS EVERYWHERE

A.M
P.M
E. H0DCIN8 & SON.
5.45 Leave
6 00
& 12
6.18
6.26
6.37
8.47
6.56
6.58
The Molokames Coming
7.04
Pansy and Viole*
7.96
7.45
ANOTHER RVSS1AN SEAT NVMBERING THIRTY HOVKAND TO KETTLE IN NORTH WENT.
6.00
8.03
6.12
8.30
Three Cheers for
6 17
ARMSTRONG BROS
¦7
of Ladysmith.
ooo
CMS à™
They are the men who are giving the farmers of Pontiac a good, straight price for their FARM PRODUCE.
RAILWAY
I
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT Trains daily between
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
ooo
Farmers, get our prices before you dispose of .. your butter and eggs this summer. ..
CALL EARLY AND AVOID THE RUSH.
To boy well, watch the latest prim and information in tbe special TRADE FREES.
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
The Canadian Grocer sod Storekeeper The Hardwire end Metal Merchant Tl* Dry Goods Review The Bookseller end Stationer.
-	a«i*pi»a /ree
On and after June li*, 1901, and until further advised train service will be as follows :
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:—
8.30 A. M.-Local—Stops at all intermediate sta- I —the “(Hardens Arrives Montreal ll.:’U a. m. Rot kland
Messrs A. Smi'ey and B. Young were here Friday on butii ets.
Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Farrell and Mrs. W. Moore went to Shaw v lie, Saturday.
Mr. James Way, of HuddertBe'd, was down this week Iviing men for haying.
Mr. James Roberticn, foreman on Gillies Bros. Coulonge faun was alto hiring men for haying.
Five per cent off for cash.
Try our 25c. Tea.
reside in the suburbs
luma
Branch, Valley field, connects ut Coteau Junction, for Cornwall and points west.
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
THORNBY
a9,10 A.M , Limited, arrives Montreal 11 CO a m., liawkesbury Branch making close oonneutioue with I. C. Ry. Maritime Express for Quebec, Halifax, and all intermediate points east, lull man Parlor Car attacked.
ARMSTRONG BROS, LADYSMITH
July 3. —The farmers around tyre are making preparations fur commenting
l'8.00 A.M. Sundays only—Stops at intermediate
Arrives Montreal 11.00 a.in. Pullman their nay
Advertise in The Equity
stations Parlor Car attached

We are glad to say Mr. Allen Smith
*4.00 f*. M., Limited—Stop* Indian, (ilea Rob- I ,s stj]| lllCU(j
M*onU«r«‘4 p.m"' Pullm.n Parlor Ca, Mr. and Mr,. R J. Woods, of Lady-
attavlurd. Connects with trains for Portland and smith, were the guests of Mr. Jim Acres all poliTs text of Montreal. For Valleyfield and , f unniinv
All points south of the St. Lawrence River, Ht. '	.
Albans Burlington, etc. Anlving Boston 7.00 a. Miss Maggie Black returned home on m New York 7.20 a m. Has through Buffet Sleep- Thursday after spending a week visiting	(Too late for last issue.)
.é!ss r.	a i'ntcn=,di.«« étions. I friLnde j?,?ri8t<;1	Clar^ndT" fi -, . ,.,ReVvGeVfgc ?n‘fnt;l*oe «*nd daughter
Arrives Montreal looop.m. Connects at Coteau	Mr. William J.	Sheppard, of	Bristol,	(Mrs. Needham), of Orillia, were visiting
Junction for Cornwall. Kingston, Tvreuto, Chicago | «pent Friday and	Saturday with	friends | here last week; also Rev. Alex. Grant
and wife of St. Mary's.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Canaral Depot :	I Miss Rose Hill is home on a visit to I Mr. Win. Grant, of Cubden, and Mrs.
«12.20 P M. Local-from Boston, New York. New	her parents	G. H. Larivee, of Arnprior, were also
Ragland and M mtreal at 0.15 a. m. Hus Pull-	Mr. and Mrs. Joe Hill, Sr., left Mun-	visiting Mr. Andrew Grant.
mm Parlor and sloping Care atuu-hed.	day to visit friends in Renfrew.	| Mr. W. C. Young has been visiting in
I Mr. Jim Brown who has l,t,;n vimting Renfrew; lately.
and points west. Hr.* Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving friends in Ross for the last week, return-1 Mr. Hiram Richards, Mr. and Mrs. Montreal at	>.4.», p. m.	|	ed home on Monday accompanied	by his	!	George Vuthbertson, Rev. J. D.	and Mrs.
1 ?em$m :	u‘.«Lp!!iind.T V*Y^rltav	Lister, Mrs. J. Johnston.	Morrison attended the General	Awem-
’*	Miss L. and E. Brown spent Sunday | bly at Ottawa week Indore last and ha<l a
with their uncle, Mr. D. Brown.	grand time.
Mr. J. Acres, Sr., has his new house | Mr. A. W. McKechnie has been get-just ready to shingle it.	i	ting in such a large quantity	of milk
Quite a number of our	young people	!	lately, that he has had to get	another
8 15 A. M. For Arnpri..r, Renfrew. EganviH,. Pen,- I 'l.tten,1.ed the P‘CnjC at Ç0ul°DlS«- Su">e I cheesemaker. broke, Barry’* Bay, Whitney. Canee Lake, Parry them have (lot returned yet Hound aud intermediate pvkte.	Mr. Ned Bennett was the guest of Mr. | here
P,œ' I J™ Crawford Sunday evening.
1.00 P. x. MM Train f.„ Amon,,. Renfrew.	* McUowell and Ml* R Sanf-	M-«f
Egân ville, Mâilaàfwankaaiid intermediate stations, ten hi! g vxtre the gliestfl of M I8fl Maggie j '
Black on Tuesday evening. Flossy, wee* ( htawa.
Quite a number of campers are at “The Bay at present.
Mr. J. C. Jamieson's health is quite
The closing of a very satisfactory 4erm I Miss Roy who has been teaching at of tbe 8cho« 1 took place on the 28th ult, 1 Elinside for .three years has gone home The pupils were loth to part with their i Her scholars presented her with a beau teacher even for a few ihort weeks. She | biful gold watch chain before she left had endtared herself to all by her many acta of kindness etc. After the rendering of a very nice programme the chairman gave a short address and Afias McFarlane also adrireraed all present especially the chi'drcn. The boys responded by lust-
ELMSIDE
New Jewellery Store.
In the premises lately occupied by Mrs. George Hodgins, in the
Hodgins Block, a thoroughly up-to-date stock of
etc
here
t
Jewellery, Watches, Silverware, Etc.
Is now open to inspection.
Middle and Western Divisions
This is an entirely new stock, having been bought this Spring on the Montreal and Toronto markets at very low prices and will be sold accordingly.
TO AND FROM THE WEST (Daily, except Benday) Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
The Kelly Brothers, of Yarn), are both
REPAIRS
Mrs. James McCredie, ofJElmside, and i-i McCredie, of Shaw ville, atlas Bowman's marriage last
Having lately taken a course at the Canadian Horological Institute (Watchmakers' School) at Toronto after liaving served a four-years’ apprenticeship under *•' Goodwyn, the Watchmaker’’ of Arnprior," I am in a position to intelligently undertake any watch, clock or jewellery repairs that may be entrusted to me. I guaraantee satisfaction in every in. stance and will cheerfully refund your money if you are dissatisfied. I mean business, am here for business, and want to do business with you, and am anxious for am opportunity to show the people what I really can do in my line.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :
11.10 A. M. From Maduwnska, Pembroke. Egan, vole. Renfrew, Arnprior and intermediate pointa.
5.55 P. M From Par# Sound, Eganville, Ren frew, Arnprior aud intemiedUle pointa.
2,50 P. M. Mixed Trains from Madawatka. Egan nlle, Renfrew, Arnprior and intermediate stations
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
GREERMOUNT
Central W, Bussell Bouse BlocL
Mi« Annie and Misa Nellie Baird have both got wheels. We have ct me to the conclusion that we never too old to learn.
Mr. Ed. Young is visiting Mrs. John Park here at present.
Tickets to Europe and all part* ef the world by ail American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook’s toms.
a.	Trains run daily exsept Sunday.
b.	Sunday only, e, Daily.
....WHYTE, THE WATCHMAKER....
SHAWVILLE.
HODGINS’ BLOCK,
Opposite Pontiac House

