###PAGE###1###
SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P. Q
THURSDAY, OCT. 6. 1898.
SUBSCRIPTION Ob# Dollar a Year In advance.
?
Voi. XVI, No. 16.
t
TEACHERS
I. wued from the office of. Publication, I endbT.
Shawville every Thursday.	Vortage du Fort.
Men’s fine tweed navy waterproof coats —navy and black—long cape, sewn seams, only $3. See them
New Milliner Shop.—Opposite the Post Office; also dress goods and confectionery.	Mr.h C. McCauu.
Photooraphh.—Keep in mind that Mr. Green, Photographer, will visit the Pontiac House gallery on Friday of this week—Oct. 7th.
“THE EQUITY”
Have you tried . Dowd a "High Loaf* Flour 1
took reluctantly. This was about 8 or ft o’clock in the evening. On about 10 o’clock the bottle containing the liquor was taken upstairs to the room where the sick man was by Mrs Sparling, who alleges in the evidence she gave that her husband wanted to take the liquor pure if he took any more that she gave her husband some of the liquor already mixed by John Steele, which remained in the cup, and took a
J. H. Shaw
Clarendon Connell,
The attention of parties interested is particularly directed to the following re-She also stated solutions passed by the Clarendon Council at its meeting of the 3rd inet :
Moved by coun. A. Workman seconded by conn. John Htew*rt that all road returns not ,	,,	»>	.....	. , come In within ten days from this date shall
The Sunday School Association of the mout“ful herself. Previousto this the evi- he brought at the cost of the defaulting road
day of October inst.	ten mmutee after he took the ,,<lU9r from	lug not paid on	the	15th Inst, the Hec.-Treas
’	his wife’s hands he began to vomit again,	1» hereby instructed	to collect as the law dl-
E W* The Shawville Marble and Oran-	and, according to his wife’s evidence and	reels.—Larr e .	^
iteWorks, Alex. McDonald, proprietor,	his own ante-mortem statement, seems to
turns out a superior class of work in Mon-	have had frequent Vomitting and purging
uments, Headstones, etc. Prices reason-	spells through the remainder of the night.
---1	John Steele affirms that some time about
11 as-;™ :r :::
.Sparling in a veiy sick condition, and repast, and then presented Mrs. William An Indian woman, of the l pper Gatin- Lb()Ut i o'clock decided to go for the doc- Blakely with a handsome coon coat, ac-t*au district, made an attempt to murder Lor As he set out on this mission he pas* companied by the following address: — Bailiff F ault, of Maniwaki, who was sent	ge(j y» the end of the house, and directly	dear Mrs. Blakely
%%%%%
back with a tomahawk, b< iinusly injuring ^^^nd narticîes of some tureen substance I Blakely, you will never feel the stormiest him	*, , 1	, .	i:l | blast of winter when you wear It.
I,m*	which appeared to him very much like Trusting that oar Faith In each other may
in s; LL^mliïSS	Sîa ïrsïæs |
to cease the publication of that journal. I to whom ho pointed out tbs suspicious
Our oof rare does not inform our readers | looking stuff, at the same time enquiring
of her if she knew how it came to be
Subscription, $1.00 per Annum.
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, *o.,
Advertising rates made known on application.
Correspondence of local Interest solicited | Bbawvllle, second and fourth Thursday from all parts of the country
HvLLi
159 Main Street,
of each month
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices offlce-over G. F. Hodglns’ Store, Main St Inserted free ; but obituary lines, or “poetry” 1 will be charged at the rate of 8 cents per line money toaccompanythemanuscrlptln every
BANK OF OTTAWA
case
Tl. Math boon,
Sec.lTreaa
J. A. COWAN, Publisher
Hoad Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . f1,500,000.00
#1,125.000.00
Presentation
Rest
Court Shawville,
No. 276.
able
Board of Directors :
Charles Magee, Esq., President. Gborûb Hay, esq.,Vice President.
John Math hr, Rhq. David Ma< Laren, Bttq.
I.O.F
m
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.

Dennis Murphy, Esq.
L.B.C
located several claims
Visiting brethren cor dlttlly Invited
General Manager, (Local) Manager
GEORGE BURN,
D. M. P1NN1E
A GENERAL RANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
H. 9. Baunktt, F.B
J. A. Cowan, R.8
W. J. Eadeh, C. R.
te in the Domin
Drafts Issued on all Banking poUi ion, United States and Great Britain.
Notes and Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current rates.
Sums of Si and upwards received l.i Savings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Honrs—10 a. in. to 31>. m. Saturday 10a in, to 1 p. m.
Dr. J. E. MART, L, D. S, D.D.S
1
1 OTTAWA
or SiH-cial attention given to appointments mad, by mall.
Prize List Corrections.
as to whether he is going to the Klondik , .- ,.	,
. I or that he expects to strike it rich in a there. She was surprised at the discov The following is a list of corrections of I more congenial climate; whatever his in-I ery, and exclaimed:	My goo, wou i r errors and omissions made in the prize
'entions or expectations, however, we be possible that she would give him any ^ as published in last week’s EqriTY : ^hall hear with pleasure that our friend of that. Steele then a^ked if there wa Thlrd prize Carriage Team should be Wm, has hit upon something good. Twenty any Pans green in the house, and his Beckett.
-even years’ ill paid labor in the sanctum wife recollected tnnt she and Mrs Ren-
- -I amassa SÆV Ç baSSs-———
it should be on a bac< ahsif under the 8econd prlleditto should beH. B. Hodglne.
stairs. They looked for the b >x	First prize Htallion (pedigreed coach hone)
found it, not in the place indicated, but _nol gecond jn Blood clas--J. J. McVeigh.
in the corner of the room. Steele though? First prize Ijear-old Heifer (Ayrsh1 re) Jag. it would be well to throw the stuff away, Armstrong but his wife favored taking it over to Mrs. Second prize 4Dairy Cow-,
my in the market. For sale by A. Smiley noon b Coroner H. T. Hurdman, after Mr. Whiteside, the next witness, who
Shaw ville, from $20 up.	| ?he r0fJains, and the late abode of de was with the deceased in his last moments, , The under8,gned offers to rent the Store
CEO. C. WRIGHT,“* “““ " r"c,i"	C
72 m^.00h™ ÇUB.I	â ë	I sSSScBIm
.
JAS. HOPE & Co.	A short session df the Magistrates’ far,luer3 in the neighboihood. He was a knew that he had taken Pans green, buM
myg-ANUEACTURlNG STATIONERS,BOOKSEL p0Brt waa held here on Saturday, when y(,ung man of very quiet, inoffensive dis- Sparhng rep le no, « T)(Ctor did JH lerm, Bookbinders Priu>ra, etc. Depositor) judgment was rendered in the case of [)oeition, against whom no one had any. thought ot taking it. 10	,
f the otuwaAuxtiiery BibkeSooiet)-,Ottawa,ont. Bl»ir vs. the corporation of Mansfield fm thing to say, so far as can be learned, not see any of the matter the dec
---------------—	damages on account of injuries receive i 4flVe that he was accounted alittle tooeasi- had vomit ted or passed from his b>>wti,
•	had been thrown out, but he det^c -
G. ^h*ys®^wart’ m%û timer al
and SURGEON
(L R.C.P. AND H., EDIN.)
OFFICE,
Are you using Dowd’s Flour ?
A large and varied assortment of veiling just arrived at Mrs. McCrbdie’s.
Copies of the paper containing the Aw Society prize list may be had at this of*
First prize two year old Draft Colt should
o
ELMSIDE, QUE
BOORBEAO RAINVILLE, L. L. L
Was ho Poisoned ?

bee
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Mr. C. Caldwell, of the Pontiac House, Will attend all the Courts of the District, en- |oef fine driving horse last week from
penally when required.	inflammation.
f V8PICIOUS DEATH 09 CHARLES EDWARD
&PARUNG.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.
E. GRAHAM
Sec. Treae.
C
Business Stand to Rent.
for
artmur McConnell,
attorney AT LAW, Main St. Hull
A que, will, atrequest,attendallcouri In the district. Alhiorrespondenct prompt
be^tShawvilleflrstrhursdayofeacl
month.
!
posite the post office
MRS. (WIDOW) C. McCAGG
Bryson, Sept. 26, ls&S
Farm For Sale.
own.
Will attend Superior and Circuit Court!»! | $<>, $8 Bryson, also other Courts la Pontiac; District wbeu required.
New drees goods piling up on oui counters every day. Iinspection invited.
J. H. Shaw
af ply to
GEO. C. HODGiNS,
on 'he Premises, or by letter to tihawvllle P. O
NOTICE.
__________ 1	I while descending Pempsey's Hill with h
THE SUPERIOR COURU loaded sleigh. Partial damages and a tint
¦«es*™
A meeting of the Pontiac Teachers’ _aa alleged in the evidence -that it latter distinctly told him he had been giv Association will be held in Shawville Wf>ald cause gossip and trouble. Accord en poison in the liquor administered to Academy on Saturday, Oct 8th, at 2. P.M. ,nir to the Steeles, the quarrel did not him by his wife.
Inspector Oilman is expected to be pre- amount to much, and the young couple During the afternoon, when it became sent. We hope the teachers will make a BS?ain become reconciled to each other. evident to the jury that a verdict cou d Rjfe. ••••••
special effort to be present. All interest- appears that Mrs. Sparling had gone not be reached with the information la Egg » (	?/
ed in educational matters are invited to away from home for a time subsequent to before them, it was deeded to make an Wool.
¦,0"e'	Steele remarked to him thU he must be quent analye.r. At the evening sese.oi
The holiness campmeeting which is go- talcin(. the mea,lee, a* hie (Steele’s) own of the enquiry, their report waa present
ing on in Dagga’jçrove here this week, be daughter had had them.	? *"d.reed- 11 btet.ed t.het body wa
gan on Sunday morning with a large at Qn Tuesday or Wednesday last—it found in a well nourished condition, the tendence. A large staff of evangelistic does not appear very clear which—Mrs. base of the right lung was slightly r
.	a e i	^	rm-	_	_	m	_	.	* .^A _ .J « » A a	nnA ni f ha uttaa
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
y influenced, or “ soft ” as the term goes
VOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT* 11 any person or persons found trespisNlng on LAKE DUMONT, situated In Berths 62, tid and 482, contrary to the provisions of the Game and Fishery Laws of ihis Province, will be prosecuted to the utmost rigor of the law.
mr
HAMILTON STEWART.
Lessee
BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT,
OFFICE : — OOTBï HT., HHAWVILLB
Clarendon, Sept. 15,1*93
Shawville Produce Quotations
Accounts collected aAA-prompt returns made
All comte attended.
o
20 tc. 23 00 to 52
Oats......
peas.....
Buckwheat
*
St. Lawrence Hall,
30
00 to 37
T-, Q
12
Mrs C M. McLean,
... 16 to 18 .... 00 to 14 3 75 to 4 25 9 00 to 10.00 .... 35 to 50 ... C to 8 .	40 to 75
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-class Live»y Attached.!
pONTlAC HOtjg/r
OTTAWA MARKETS.
The following are last Srturday s quotas lions on the Ottawa market :
Peas 50 to 60 cents.
Oats, 25 to 26c.
Wheat. 65 to 70c.
Rye, 45 to 60c.
Buckwheat, 30c.
Barley, 28 to 30c.
Hay, $7 to $9 p< r ton.
Straw, $4 00 to $6.00 per ton.
Potatoes 60 to 60c per bag,
Veal, 4 to 6c per lb.
Lamb, 8 to lie per lb.
Butter, print, 20 to 22 cents.
Butter, tub, 16 to 18 cents.
Eggs, fresh, 16 to 18 cents.
Eggs, stored, 14 to 16 cents.
Apples, $2 00 to $3 00 per bbl. Tomatoes, 16 cents per gallon.
Cheese, wholesale, 9 to 10c.
Cheese, retail, 9 to 12c.
Hides, rough, Cc per found


T'ii



woifceta were present, including Mr. Sparling returned home, and began the J**ted, and a portion of one of the mtes Waddell, who it will be remembered warn dJ,ty of \ ,0king after her husband. On tines gave evidence of some irritating sub
here some years ago with Rev R. C. Bor Thursday his condition was not improved, j "tance. " ner.	but it was not so bad as to oblige him to “ *lthy.	...
Mr. Wo, Draper, of Danford Lake, stay in bed, as the evidence shows he was |
Que., it ia reported, is the possessor of a up ard d wrn
The other organs appeared

m
_________I As the jury was still lacking sufficient

IK
wn
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
. , PSOPSIfTOR
C. CALDWELL,
This hotel will oe lourd fully equipped for the accommodation of the public generally. and especially commercial men. Free •bus meets all trains. Gotd llvei) In
r°n"Ladies' and geDts»blcyclcs£ept for hire
1

?

###PAGE###2###
t>no as well, that will add alt>a#	touch	found by	a sentry	In 8t. James’s Palaoe , through the line I dropped my	bugle T À XT 1	TjlT (1X170	TM	TOP PPMTS
of color to the pink tea.”	Garden*,	home one had been brutal- by my #i,ie aiHi (b,»n l had to use the I UJi f Ü	1 UU fl U	111	1 UlvllUll 1U
not pare or remove the seeds; put them I sentry left hi a pout, and this de relic- now troubles me periodically. But I |	NOW WITNESSED,
in a saucepan, nearly covered with tion of duty being discovered, bo WM did no< know 1 was wounded at the
w„ and	h Jt.: r„:rrr,.
seeds	from	four	quarts	of	ripe	toma-	cloth hag, which is better than	flan-	was so touched by	the dog's gratitude | we mowed away, now to the	right, 1	_
toes,	add	three	sliced	onions	and	boll	t16.1/ ban» this l wig up to drip.	The	that the	prisoner	was released, with j again to the left, twisting and	turn- ^ <hispatch from	Naples, Italy, says:
—* -.....- r	Sutras it “œïsm...............................	......« ... ..... «. »...	riESiï
neve, return to the preserve kettle, ,.ery pint allow an equal quantity of be bound up with those of the (Scots , several avenues in the enemies lines, '	f
Add 8 tablespoons of sugar, 2 of white granulated sugar. Return the juice to Guards.	through which we rode to the rally. Mount Vesuvius continues on the nl-
ssrw'^ss-zs	Æ	* »'*.*• r:"	" h“ 111 ""
%,’Z.sr;* stiraarst	&$$	stavtjs	...... «*,.
étantly. Beal hot in fruit jars.	minute#!. Put it in the tumblers, and afterward carried a flask of brandy to “1 suppose you had a good view of even this extra, vent does nothing to-
tioideaux Sauce:—Chop separately, when cold cover it with two thickness- the wounded.	the charge Î”	| ward chocking the flow of lava, al-
larire head of cabbage, one dozen cs of thin paper, each one dipped In At Inkerman he was wounded in the “ t)h, yes, until the ' Lights' disap- Plough there is a marked cessation in
»................ ...» "» .«** «*.... ...
peppers, IMix together 8 tablespoons	______________ ged comrades he charged, and with Scarlett when he gave the order. ‘The 1 smoke
of mustard seed, 2 of salt, leach of	oprimcntii nnnQ	tooth and nail went for his country's Heavy Brigade will support the The meteorological observatory on
whole allspice, pepper corns and	KLU1MLN1AL UUUb.	enemim.	.LightsI* These were, I believe, his ex- part of the volcano known
ground gmger, 1 heaping teaspoon	-- The fight over, the faithful animal act words. The Lights had then brok-.	Il||Lron, 1»	w
ground oloves, 1-2 teaspoon cayenne	Bob of Hie Koynl Berk*hire», and Jack of	Wl»nt	joyfully to find	his protector.	cn into a gallop and were close to	Mt 1,11 voma.r( m, is seriously	tnreat-
pepperr. I teacup sugar and one pint	the sroin tiimrd*.	Find	him he did but it	was among the	* The Valley of Death.’ 1 sounded and	ened by the subsiding of the	ground
br;t:=3BEEEm'i:
hot.	I masters' cronies are numlierlvss, but was invested with a miniature Victoria	"Suddenly he turned around in the overwhelm it unless It is diverted from
Peach Catsup:—Peal and remove the	dogs who rise to the position of "regi-	Cross	and the Crimean	medals; but he	flRddle, and exclaimed, " Why, the	its present course,
pits from 4 quarts of rare ripe peach-	mental pets,' who become part and	P«nod	away from sheer	lack of interest	* Y Y'T? a«? ret iring I Have you sound- This observatory, situated 2,200 feet
sleeping his last sleep.	back and met Lord Lucan. It was he of a hill which divide.* the lava streams
who had stopped the Heavies. As near | descending from the crater into great
tiene™rS^rlettCt'WeV6 h^tThe LW ^nclie. wM established many yearn Brigade and we must save the a^° for lh»* purpose of putting a sc l-e-..en.l	Trnmprl,, .hr lnmn,e Heavies.* "	®fio watch upon the volcano and of
of * Workhouwe In London.	" Had the lien vies not been stopped r \ mg warning to the surrounding
by Lord Lucan what do you think country of impending dangerous erupt ions. Many lives have been saved
làlheî!2üd
TOOTHSOME MEAT SAUCES
Nine new craters were
one
t
es. 6tew until soft in a very little parcel of the regiment at home and in
water and rub through a wire sieve, action, and who receive official recog-
Beturn the pulp to kettle and add one | nit ion, are comparatively few. teacup vinegar, 8 tablespoons sugar, 1 each of mustard, cinnamon and ginger and 1 teaspoon ground allspice.
Delicious with cold, fowl or game.
Grape Catsup:—Wash ti pounds of	[companied his regiment to Afghan-
grapes, drain on a napkin,remove from	istan, and went through, at the battle
stems, place in a preserve kettle and	of Mai wand, one of the most terrific
mash with a wooden masher, so it will	day’s fighting that has been known
not be necessary to add any water for during the past generation.
•#» — —	? zy •« -y y «
tie, add one pint vinegar, 3 lbs., sugar,	Hob would not be denied his share in	1	ancras workhouse !	It	was	he	who
1 tablespoon each of salt and cinnamon	the fray, lie kept on running to the sounded	the	charge	of	the	"Heavies” famous warriors.”
Bob was the regiment al pet of the 2d
ONE OF THE HEAVY BRIGADE.
Battalion Royal Berkshires, and ft soldier dog to the l>ack bone. He ac-
John Loudon who. with the gnl- would have |h„ upi(hotr	,	u
lant General Scarlett, was one of the •• oh, undoubtedly, we would have . ? notice from it to the inhabitants first men to draw Russian blood in shared the same fate as the Lights, in *	2,on vinno xl.Tr,„
.h.	=b.„.,h,	!'bV’, »™ iSb"”™
for a not her cliargti.11	I hroak of April 1HTJ, IHrortur I Ini—
Loudon holds several letters from ?1PI \ bravely faced almost certain
death to take note of the awful phe-
and 1 teaspoon each of mace and clov- I front> harking firecely at the enemy, on that glorious morning when a mere "Every 20th of October.” «aid be	threatened
Zt Uoil 8l0Wly 20 mmUlea ttn 86	until at length a bullet laid him low.	handful of General Scarlett's men mow- Proudly. ” until I he day of hia death I	Th^ïava torrent near the crater
preserve kettle and boil together slow-	England the next year. Bob received	the awful collision between Gen. Scar-| he is ending his days with a pen-
lv for one hour Add 3 teacups vine- I	Rrcat honor at the hands of thqlqueen,	left’s three hundred and the Russian «ion of 9d per day—or at least the tit.
gar, 1 of sugar! 1 tablespoon each of her majesty not only decorating him Bne of thousands:	Paneras guardians get it instead.
salt, cinnamon and mustard, 1 tea-1 with the medal for the campaign, but “Well, 1 sounded the charge, and
spoon mace and 1-2 teaspoon white tying R round his neck with her own we then went for the Russians like pepper. Simmer together half an
hour and bottle.
They advance at the rate of forty yards an hour, submerging everything in their path, searing the vegetation in the viciait y as though fire has passed over it. An enormous quantity of lava keeps pouring out of the crater. It has filled Vetrana valley, a deep ravine, and ashes lie several inchea thick for a long distance down the sides of the mountain and on the adjacent villages.

( SCIENCE ON T1IE RUN
hands when the regiment paraded be- tigers. I was stirrup to stirrup with
the gallant General Scarlett when we
Doctor—Troubled with insomnia, ehf Eat something before going to bed.
Patient —Why doctor, you once told me never to eat anything before going to bed.
Doctor (with dignity)—That, madam
fore her at Osborne House
Home-made Chutney:—Pare, quar-	,	.	..
te. and cover two quarts of tart ap- L,kl' ,uany another warrior, Bob did plunged into the enemy's line. It was
pies; remove the seeds from the same not live IonS to enjoy the blessings of a neck and a neck race between four of
quantity of green tomatoes; pare two Peace- Iu a little more than a	U? T Which W0Ul<l hîlve the honor 1	, .
he was run over and killed iu the Isle of the first onslaught. But goodness wafl away back in 1895. i
made great strides since then
FARMERS IN DESPAIR
I WÊ	The slope of the mountain is one of
Science has | Ihe most thickly populated districts in
I he world. The fertility of the soil ia celebrated, and in the l>est parts four crops a year are gardened great aid to this fertility, the numerous wells, are beginning to dry up, and the farmers are in despair.
Travellers from all parts of Europe are flocking here to see Vesuvius iu (eruption
large onions, and chop each separately and fine. Remove the seeds i __
chop one pound of rai i ms fine. Put all in a stone Jar; add 1 'l-2lbs.sugar, dog, took part iu the hottest fights in lett was on a very speedy charger,
3 teacups vinegar, 1 teacup lemon the Crimea. He became the pet of the and I believe he won a very exciting juice, 3 talde*4)ouns salt, 1 each of ginger, cinnamon and cloves, and 1 level teaspoon cayenne. Mix together thoroughly, let stand over night and next morning cook very slowly three hours.
Bottle hot.
only knows who unhorsed the first of **Regimental Jack," the Soots Guards' the enemy. I know that General Sonr-
and of Wi*ht-
FOND OF DISPLAY
Rut one
Mrs. Gadd,—I hear Mrs. I)add la going to move.
Mrs. Gabb—Yes
race by decapitating the first Rus-winter's night he was eian. A moment after
Guards in a curious fashion One cold
she move every we crashed I year since she got her newe furniture.
The spectacle at night is of indescribable grandeur. The faint, palpitating glow that normally marks the great, crater, is now exchanged for a vivid tongue of light, coloured at times almost like a rainbow illuminating the heavens and fleeted with exquisite effect in the waters of the bayjl* tions are accompanied by deep rumblings and thunderous subterranean plosions, followed by great outpouring! of lava and ashes.
one
DAINTY WAYS OF SERVING CORN.
Corn	Soup—Grate one quart of
sweet corn when in roasting ear, add
three pints of boiling water; salt and
pepper and a teaspoon of sugar. Cook ten minutes, add a half cup of sweet cream, a tablespoonful of butter, and serve hot.
Fried Corn.—Cut a thin slice from the top of the grains, then with the hack of the knife press out the pulp; have teaspoon of butter very hot;pul in the corn, season with salt and pepper, si ir frequently until nicely browned, then add a very little boiling water, cover Closely and cook five minutes, and serve hot. Field corn is almost as nice as sweet corn if a little sugar is added as it is frying.	i
Scalloped Corn.—Cut the corn from
the cob as fried corn. In the bottom
of a baking dish put a layer of corn,
season with salt, pepper and bits of
butter, then a scant layer of stale
bread crumbs rolled very fine and seasoned with a little salt, pepper and butter; add more corn; then more crumbs, and so on until all is used, having crumbs on top. Add enough
rich sweet milk to moisten the crumus;
cover, and bake for half an hour. (Remove the cover and brown the top. Serve from same dish baked in, by I pinning a napkin around the dish and setting on a platter.	I
Corn Fritters or Oysters.— Cut the
corn from the cob, aa for fried corn,
and to a quart of corn add two or
four well-beaten eggs, a cupful of rich sweer milk and flour, as for pan cakes —about one cupful probably—in which a tablespoonful of baking powder has been sifted, also a heaping teaspoon-of salt. Fry in hot fat, as pancuikes, and serve hot with syrup or jelly. I Are delicious.
%
5#
These manifesta-
¥
i
ex-
«
i
Km
GRAINS OF GOLD.
I
!


Doubt whom you will, but doubt yourself.—Bovee.
'I he more we study the more we discover our ignorance.—Shelley.
Doing good is the only certainly happy action in & man's life.—Sir Philip Sidney.
Blessings ever wait on virtuous deeds, and though a late, ward succeeds.—Congreve.
1 rue dignity is never gained by place and never lost when honors are withdrawn.—Massinger.	,
A REASONABLE DEDUCTION.
X es, she exclaimed; I don't believe any lady could listen to him for five minutes without being fascinated.
U hat a simpleton the fellow must be, he growled.
• CASE OF LONG STANDING.
Mrs. Fillauthrop—If you are a sufferer from nervous prostration, as you say you are, why don't you do thing for it?
1 Uffold Knutt—I do, ma'am, I'm » takin' wot they call the rest

neve:
I
it
i
z

1
til
if
/
i
«
\
a sure re-

I



i

i
(
ÜP-
«M
\
«V

ii
!
j
!
X
some-
sf
«
2
cure.
11
a
BOUND TO GRUMBLE.
Mrs. XX alts—At least you will have to admit that the lecture had the it of brevity.
XX atts—Yes; but it was short at the wrong end. XVhy didn't he begin hour sooner?
t
l

iner-
I
I
1
i

JELLY MAKING.
This is the season for making rhubarb jelly, as the early spring rhubarb lacks the quality needed to "jell." Wash the rhubarb well, but do not peel it, as the skin gives the pretty pink color to the prepared plant. Cut it in inch pieces, never minding if it be stringy. «Allow half a cupful of water to each pound of rhubarb, and let it
stew gently in a granite or porcelain kettle unt 1 all in fchreds. Stiain in rough a cheesecloth or flannel bag. allow a pound of sugar to each pint of juice. Let the juice boil gently for twenty minutes, add the sugar, stir until all the lumps are dissolved and withdraw the spoon. Turn into glasses which have been rolled in hot water and cover closely when cold and firm. Not only will it be found a "tasty" jelly, but an exquisitely colored one as well, that will add a trofcytouch
an

i

r
m


ITS HEALING POWER.
Did that stuff revive you? asked the attending physician of his impatient patient.
Revive me, doe? Good heavens! three doses of that medicine would tate the dead languages.
/
r 3
A
!
/

7/
i
l
resusci-
z
*
i
V
A PESSIMIST.
\

(
Did you enjoy your vacation? Not much




It made me miserable thinking that with the passage of each
day t he time for return to town drew nearer.
z
?
V
Ï
Do you think he loves you my child? Not passionately,
told him I was to be Uncle Abner’s heiress, he said he guessed we’d better wait aliout getting married until uncle died. He said he didn't want to prejudice the case.

/
V
When I
mamma
7M
THE DEATH OF GENERAL GORDON, KHARTOUM, JANUARY 26, 1885.



###PAGE###3###
r
spare time, have learned to play on some Instrument
are taken from the Duke of York’s school for sons of soldiers, the Exmouth training ship, and similar institutions. The majority of them have not been trained to play on any In-
tBBÊKHÊ r=-~ ÏaEfiBS
An ignorant wise man Is less flan- the stomach, creates an sppetite, over-	°î ,h" ^plete band. Such The Spaniards have been wringing ***%%' 0 m w -	.
gerouH than an educated fool.	comes tl&at tired feeling and gives I PJ^ates and non-commissioned offlo- their hands at the idea of the ashes of _	_ . _ „ * 3”rootu*
SS&mP	law ase-
But few wives who drive their hua- LJ	**** ^ ** time they can go up for the prelimin- .
bands to drink have to use whips.	| |	w PAflllft Rrj examination tor the School of Mu- "I
Poets ere horn-therefore their an- _11	w:I filhould “ men pans this examina- as that of St. Bede. It has never been
castors should be held responsible, • —j.-f~ ,,   -. —1  —r— tion he must in addition be recom- able to find a quiet resting place. The
H00d PI118w J	™! 5£	.1-
.âsftfAtï THE BBITISH 1KBÏ HUM KrSffiïSSfeS 5r“
(All the worUl's a prize ring, and all	—	to Kneller Hall, but the reward, If	in‘*aaant cara 0 tbe. d*a,d
the men and women merely wrappers. | HOW MUSICIANS ARE TRAINED FOR aspirant is successful, is propor- D(K,y OI her husband. She carried it
THF mu ita dv CFDVirF	t ion ate. When he enters the School of about with her when she travelled. For
Music as a student he Is on the direct three years the body was deposited In road to appointment ns n bandmaster,
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
We Know
Many of the boys
Always a Winner - -
KVhat can't be ovuewl should be well
tosuTbd.
Learn to nay "No.” It # better than -Nit.”
It's harder to nave a penny than Ht in to earn it.
Ludella Ceylon Tea
What Hood’s Sarsaparilla Soso When thi/
Blood Is Impure.
Has the reputation of being the most regular In quality. Try It*
Lead Packages, 25c, 40c, 50c, and 600.
3
Rloh«
Neuralgia,
##at Neuralgia Our* Mae Ma. Km1«n Sli stsmpe far trial packapa. Tke Hutchings Mediates Oe , Tereule.
of the Cathedral of Havana. The dead ly of Columbus has been as restless

IF you want to either buy er sell Appl in car lots, writeus.
The Dawseq Comm ssion Co , Limited,
•riglfwl

All
A wtw man baits bis hook with inquiry, but a fool bait* his with import inenoe.
feme men are too stut*orn to acknowledge the corn until you step on their toes.
the church of San Francisco in Valla
Ee LI MOM, 79$ Venge
All orlglaal deeigee. Wrtle fer fries* WfSjf
All Heed ma* le re Maul Be Thoroughly with all the glory and Increased em-
Hrhoolvil—Bandamcn Are tinder the oluments which the place gives, and doiid, where it found its first resting t'onimand of the Beglmcutal outrer*. possibly a commission in after years place. In 1513 it was removed to Se-
Music has always played an Impor- *	mg CARRRR.	CbJ,,"w« ^‘“dlslnLrr.d^nd
The musical training at Kncller =™r'l'><i across the Atlantic. It found Hall Is one of the most thorough kind. 118 “ext re8lin8 place in San Domingo Actors always	like	to tread the	that while lutes, and stringed instru-	The staff consists of	a commandant, a	f8 ^ olumbus had wished. When the
lourds, but	it’s a	deadly insult to ask	ments were originally used in the ser-	quartermaster and	nn adjutant, a	aland was ceded to Prance, the bones
fwssii f!
anything the next morning.	trumpets of the Roman infantiy, and and ten professors, besides numerous ^ Jn an 1i[rn ln a niche in the left
henevei some husbands and wives lief that these Instruments were used short everything necessary for a ful- orld rest in their soil. It ap-
•EH" EruT Hr™ -.............................s-ESiS-H
A woman would rather lay down the U a,mo6t M 0,(1 us the army itself, the the Btudent is thoroughly examined, *n *°u,h of the sacristy of their Uw to one	man	than	practice it in	regimental band as now understood in	I and if found efficient	earns a diploma	j «dhMral. Here they were discovered
an organization of comparatively re-	and usually remains	at Kneller Hall	n j®*** . ^ ^ Spanish Government J
am a teacher until there Is a vacancy afa*n claims the ashes of Columbus, | for a bajidmaster.	îhf‘ restless spirit of the explorer will
regarded as ornamental appendages	when	he reaches this position bis	have to return to Spain, fur every inch	-
to the fashionable regiments. Their	work is,	as has been said by no means	” thv, territory which he	presented to	• PACECI * Pfl
expenses were defrayed by the officers,	light, but he is generally able to make	his adopted country will	have passed;	*1
and the uniforme of the musicians	a Kreat	deal more money than the	rr,,m °er ru1».
average commissioned officer. ___ members of the band rise at 6 o'clock.
Of course,	the	more	and generally are obliged to attend ^
Hade	Pré» the	Sleet**! ef	Leather-A | wealthy	the officers and	the	more	morning drill at 7 o'clock. Breakfast	»	*	5\fford to H??rrf n
is at 8 o’clock; from 9 o'clock to 10 hüe - Why? Im sure the tailor
o'clock there is individual practice. would trust you for a dress suit if you The reins of a set of single harness gorgeous were the uniforms of the and from 10 O.clock untll noJ,n fuu mentioned papa's name.
are each about	18 feet	in length;	band,	and Pepys	describes	the	musi-	concerted practice. After dinner there
those	of a double harness	about fif-	clans	of	the Life	Guards as	"rich with	is practice again, and once or twice in
teen feet. For business, harness reine embroidery, velvet, cloth of gold and l^\7efk,rthe !)and is expected to play
silver.”	lùe officers’ mess. Of course, on
The names of the Instruments used

Beer is said to be fattening, but too, .	.	....	.	,
much of it will make a man lean— |tant Part in the *rts of war as inr the
against something.
i
arts of peace. It is indeed, probable
•Jj * #


THE TRIUMPH
1
ADJUSTABLE STOVE PIPES
Ou
¦ur pul up tad taken Sown be cleaned, nee led, and pets
¦vejie
l
¦pace Aes four i MuifutaiM bp
DOUrt.
C. ¦. 1ABSLAY, i4S A4eUlée3l. W., Tereele
It Ui said that men wflto never drink, | eent growth oke or stay out late at night live to B ripe old age. Perhaps that's their punishment.
The first bands were
Ill
OLoes»
CRAIN AN# COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
The
were entirely different from those of the regiments.
HARNESS REINS.
ENCOURAGEMENT.
TORONTO. ONT.
fashionable the regiment, the more
W#H Abdel ManAholdn.
Thomas Flys*.
John L Go;
g^ronW. Tome» »»d «ward Sis. fall T»rm bow 01
fâsrSuTïïir asus1- *~h
Warts Painlessly Removed.
Warts are an eyesore, besides being an inconvenience, they are all too any special occasion elaborate music common. Many a woman would give 18 Provided,	and in great reviews and	her	head,	to	get	rid	of	an	unsightly
in the old days make quaint rending	pa-ades the	bandmasters of the var-	wart.	We	have	pleasure	in	informing
r; ^ I	•as	Cil?jHH a
the leather of which traces are me de, tlme* winks' pommera, hoi ns, brass It Is on the evenings when the band ed this and know whereof we speak theme,	however, being	of	more than	bornB* cremornes,	jingling johnnies,	18 not expected to play for the offic-	-
•no	thickness. Occasionally	lines for	bassoons, cymbals	and tambourines.	P^ tk'lt ^‘‘	»PPortuniiiesof theband-
.......	. in	master and his men are found. - _	...»
light or for cheap harness are mad# 'o	of the crack regiments, such as the Do you think your wife’s vacation
of cowhide, but not often; as a rule THE FANTASTIC COSTUMES. Grenadier Guards, possess bands which benefit ted her very much ?
the best of la&ther ie used for the reins, I whlch lhe bandsmen wore in the time	°W th# Unlted	t J^^ue^^^prepTratioVof	I DOillllllOII Line StdamShiM.
uMt™iniwmi eseesSate
on the reins of track er road horses are once did much to bring victory to manding officer. There was a case MImUmUtI dllrlMtfrMBylTTr»™ Cea l Agon ta. 17 tot. 9acia»tat gt., Mf-*nsT commonly made of lighter leather I British arms, and that the music alx>ut two years ago in which one of
î(^îî;h*r and îh®n «omet i mes which would seem uncouth and ridi- tht;, celebrated regimental bands wns
secured to them in such » manner that c°io"” &t pr*a,nt day' waa juat " dUciplin'e. TTwa^i.nly	"moat
they can be shifted on the reins to I Inspiring to the armies of Marl- abject apologies that the bandmaster
suit the convenience of the driver. The | borough and Wolfe as the cultured | and musicians were not all court-mar-three-loop hold, is commonly used for track driving; the single loop ene used by most drivers on the
are made of leather, tanned blank; the reins of carriage harness are made of russet-colored leather.
W. H. SHAW, PrtnefiMi.
W.G. HARRIS,Toronto
Pays the
Best
Price for
THE HORRID MAN'S VIEW.
LEAD.
SCRAP,
Some
1
1
I
IN APPLE TIME.
When the red is on the apple.
And the apple's on the tree, When Myrtilia with her basket Flings a saucy glance at me, All the ioys of all the seasons Ripen in a rosy glee,
When the red is on the apple And the apple's on the tree.
.	_ performances under trained bandmas-
There are patent handhold. macTof ^year ET^arÏT'th. dividing
metal. The wooden buttons sometimes line between the new and the old in band funds. Resides this he takes his seen on reins, used as handholds, are British military bands. In that year	Proportion of the earnings from priv-
haying astern with a thread cut on it âblUwa" pa*"d Providing that bands-	among^hT^mberT^of''th™ band'll
wh.cb	goes through	th.	rein	and	»	men should be recruited as soldiers,	cording to th -ir rank, me governor, e. leowabta. Fo,. F..t
screwed	into the	other	button	of	the	should be enlisted on the same terms,	provides for the instruments, but the	premooneed It a loeal «(•***# s»d yrwerlWd
l - -,	y, STMS BSSSeSSSSsCK
,	u ,	,, .	,	,	very few of the bandmasters have	oesetltutiemel dim#*## amd therefore require*
also the Royal Military bchool of Mu-	ever been made, commissioned officers.	••¦¦SiSutleaal treatment. fl ll'e Catarrh Cure, ,™® ™ ™ ®
* The people of Gangutla, in Bengal, I sic was founded by the Duke of Cam-	Lient. Dan Godfrey, of the Coldstream	Ohfo^^tJh^om^y ooaslii^i orntf cure	oe^ke | J-HMoNAIlARA,Barrister,North Bay,Ont
have a barbarous practice called hook I bridge, the commander-in-chief of the	^uardfl, recently received this honor,	martial.	It l«	taken lwUrnelîy in «le#
.winging. The, deck themselves out British army. This esiublishment is	ona°	^,1^?«Lï
with garlands, and then asseml.Ie to- unique and deserves to be described in	Whether the officers of the Britto.'	%*rhf.tlTjnf°cu!"aUn“¦	“t«“
get her to undergo the most horrible some detail.	army, which is about t he most eonser-	menials.	'	Addr**»,
torture. A (wire about a quarter of When It was decided to organize the	organization in the world, Soldbr TfrnhuSvlfT * CO'# *,elede*
Bn inch in diameter and seven feet regimental bands of the British army, tional comprimons ot°their mess wb'h '	W &F*heeh
long is pierced through the tongue,and	and to train the	musicians who were	out protest cannot lie said
then the wretchid being will dance	to serve in them,	one of the first ob-	Everyone must remember Kipling's
for over half an hour with the/ wire Meets desired was to do away with the	of fJ™ ^hite Hus-
still hanging through the tongue, foreign bandmasters (and bandsmen I veneration felt h/%ry man in^thl Some of them form themeelves into a	wko were jn	majority in nearly	regiment for the old drum
herring» on a wire when ready for the	dleeex, was chosen	aa suitable for the L usually some veteran of many	war»
hook. It is thought (hat the v ,m" school. The latter was not désignât- and occupies somewhat the same pince
I sr	I is îsüü
One	WO	WKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊmmmmmmrnmmammM
difficulty brought
The Reid Rroe. Mfg. Ce
MsnufBfluten
___	•» nf SILUAkD
TABLES and BOWLING ALLEYS Pk«ç« ÎJ*3. S#u4 lor Catalogue. 367 Eimg St Weel, TORONTO
There is mere CakaiTh lu thl* section of the country than all ether di
t Farms for Sal©
” Three Farms for Sale, on easy terms. Property situated convenient to C. P. Railway. Specially adapted for stock raising. For further particulars apply
country than all ether dimeaee# put together. , #*nd en til the l»*t few year* was supposed to The governor he Incurable. For e
HOOK SWINGING IN BENGAL
to
es from
k Heating
OUR SPKCIALT
f

sti
gj HOT WATIH- Our new tern with steel radiator*

it
a
WARM AIO—Coal or wood fur a sees. We here mens styles end sises to selest
from.
OOMSINATtON- Hot
W P C 930
i
n

è /
<
and Warm air suited for
» l
ny requi
WANTED.
Write us if yea hate any.
horse
The
f
r •
v
A Thoroughly reliable woman (married er widow preferred) in every city, lew» and village in Canada» to act at soliciting agent for » well advertised and established artieie. Easy to well and satisfaction required. Give refereaees when reply lag. Address,
advantage
W1 aiWD mil SATALSStfS AMP MTIMATgS
•N AFFUSATIgM.
CLARE BROS. & C0M w™.»™
eared. No deposit
jMd are with great tion to such members of regimental n5und again.	I bands as showed special capacity. At
For Sale.
Ill
TO CURB A COLD IN ONE DAY.
..	.	«	»• it « I .Tsà.e I^ï?fclTe Broeo Quinine Tablet*
the present time no man is eligible I «<•*" refuad the money if it fails to Ome Me.
for the important place of bandmaster unless he has studied at the
E. A. SPRONO,
Hamilton, Out.
TESTING A TRANSPORT.
A good story is told of the First Bat-
Immediately, says our Gibraltar oor-l a bandmaster, one sergeant, one oor-j between 1872 and 1897 inclusive. It	rrwoNT# curriNa	school	offtwa
respondent, life-buoys were east over, poral or lance sergeant, twenty prlv- appears that the annual percentage of	1	tndneementa	to	young men	deelrone of
2* »'»	SaSS."Sf SZJ*-	SS ea-StflüArSSSfl.-—
•d, but nothing rouId seen of the I fifteen. The boys and privates are re- 1030 per thousand. Between 1877 man. The captain said. "I don't be-1 cruited in various ways. Men who and 1897 the average has varied be-Ueve there is any one overboard,M ] have some knowledge of music are en-1 tween 4.40 In 1880, and 734 in 1881 and whereupon the rtoltd little colonel
FRENCH ARMY MORTALITY.

18 IN. STURTAVANT
BLOW FAN
7 in. Outlet, 4x3 Pulley.
Good as New. Cheap,
STAMMERERS.
The Wilson Publishing Co.,
LEMITHD,
T3 Adelaide SL West,
TORONTO.
listed m bandsmen, and are immedi- 1882, while last year It was 4.66. The plied, "Oh, no; I only wanted to ate lately taken by the band. Most of the mortality from typhoid since 1888 has If you had your appliances all ready." members of the band, however, consist greatly decreased, while smallpox haa The captain of the transport's reply Lt of privates who have exhibited some been virtually stamped eut by vaeelna-not given.	| musical Want, and who, is their I tion.
*
###PAGE###4###
K
E. HODGINS & SONS.
Our federal member, Mr. Poupore, was at the Chapeau exhibition on Wednesday last, and spoke at length on the Ottawa canal scheme, lie was very confident m the ultimate triumph of this most
The Gquitvf.
t

SHAWV1LLE, OCT. 6, 1898
Inspector Oilman has shown us a letter , important enterprise, and stated with
from Mr. (ieo. W. Par.nalee, Secretary of | »»»ur.nce that a .tali' of surveyors would .	„	» . it	i shortly go over the route to determine its
the Proieetaui Ooiumittoe of the Depart- pract%ability and coat,
ment of Public Instruction foi this Pro | This should bo very encouraging news
vinoe, in which ho states that an effort will j for the upper end people, who have been
be made to stimulate the interval of the ?" '""K handicapped for want of commun-
people m educational matters by means Mr puUpore reC0gnizes tliat the enter-
ot a series of public meetings, which will prise is of the utmost, in fact the greatest
be held in this, and other districts of the ! importance to his constituency, and he is
province at the time of Mr. Parmalee's I determined to devote all hi. energies in . .	„	......	assisting to get it under way in as short
vi.it to the respective localities.	j a timo po,alb|e, nuw that doubt, no
Mr. Parmalee expects to reach Pontiac i longer exist as to the practicability of its
about the end of the present month when | being undertaken and pushed to competition.
FEETWARE.
P1 GLOVES
Gentlemen tiro taking advantage of the opportunity afforded them for securing a fine suit from C. FRAME and are rushing in their orders.
A word to the wise is sufficient.
¦
Wo are showing splendid values in Feet ware .. for the Fall trade . .
We have received for the Fall Trade a large stock of Rouillon’s celebrated Kid Gloves in Blacks and Tans— fashionable dome fas-1 tenors—the best dollar! glove in the market. Also, a good cheap line —4-button—at 50c.
Genuine Whole Stock
Boots for MBIT and BOYS
it is hoped some action will be taken to carry out his wishes along the lines indt-It is fell that people are altogeth-
The Republican State Convention of New York, have nominated Theodore Roaevelt, for Governor of the State.
Dr. William King*ford. L. L. l), the J Maker's stamp on every pair.
eminent Canadian historian died at his 1	1	v *
residence, Chapel street, Ottawa, on Thursday morning last, aged 70 years.
Another batch of twenty one election petitions in Ontario, were dismissed on Saturday last, in accordance with Arrangements betw een the solicitors of the parties interested.
cated
er too indifferent to the very important question of education, and that something should be done to awake a more lively
Parmalee's idea
G. FRAME.
Mr
interest in it seems to be a very good- one, providing people will only concern themselves suf ficiently to encourage it by giving the proposed meeting, their attendance, which is certainly a favor they cannot very consistently refuse, considering that the matter is one which affects one and all
We are leaders in Fine
P S
“ Three Rivera”
Tailoring.
Long Moccasins.
Season of 1898.
The Hon. Thomas Bayard, former American Ambassador to Great Britain, died at Dedham, Mass., on Wednesday last after a lengthy illness. The late statesman will be remembered fur having taken The vote on the Prohibition Plebiscite J an active part in promoting the existence
of	the Brit
ish and American nations.
“ Palmer’s”
EF See our fine Mooho i	~
Gloves, patent fas-j Th© PonticlC
toners, embroidered in colors—very durable and stylish.
The Plebiscite
Oil Tan Moccasins.
taken on Thursday last, has resulted in the fulfilling of the general forecast that the prohibition sentiment would prevail
Woollen Mills
“ Skowhegan "
The Westerners are not very enthusi
»t thu polls. But to the ardent temper I ¦¦*«•»»¦». Sif'^> ?eW 8ut'1™’. the 1 ,	,	, , Doukoboriiskis, or Christians of Univer*
ance worker the result can scarcely be ac M, Brotherhood from the Caucasus, counted satisfactory. In the provinces They know as much of self government as
where local plebiscites have already been j * horse knows about Hebrew, says one
• f the westerners; but they are inoffensive and not iikely to give much trouble. Probably they are cleaner than some of thusiasm which the movement was pre-jMr. Sifton’s other immigrants, and this sumed to command, provided, of course gives cause for hope.
wo take the view that people through	----------- ¦¦ -------
Waterproof Moccasins.
Having been thoroughly overhauled are again in full operation, fulfilling the requirements of the farmers of the surrounding country.
Hair Lined
J. H. SHAW.
taken, there is manifestly a falling off rather than a gain in the interest and en-
Oil Tan Moccasins.
Moose
Notice.
out the Dominion regarded the plebiscite with seriousness. It is indisputable how
ever, that very many electors did not su I Notice In hereby given that the owners of consider it. On the cont r.ry they looked 2% Wo % %%%%:%«
upon it as merely a subterfuge adopted by ,TnZwnZ'%m îuùïnà or^emo^any Mr. Laurier and forced upon the temper- Umber, hunting or trespassing In any way
.	,	_ on one or any of the above lots, (the mineral
ance people, as a means of escaping tin | burl ness not I nclu tied.) more einbarrasing position cf tackling th« prohibition issue straight. /folding this ground, and knowing something of tin current of feeling in this province—Lauriers atonghold—towards the issue, they were utterly indifferent to it, because in any case,—whether the temperance cause triumphed or received a set back at the polls,—they were convinced that a prohibitory measure would not necessarily be the complement of the plebiscite This to our mind, accounts largely for the comparatively small vote poiird.
Apart from those who tooksides upon the issue, few considered it worth their time to vote, and many who gave their support to the temperance side wore prompted to the act by the principle involved—not by their faith in the ultimate result.
The vote has given enlightenment on more than one point, but the most impor tant fact revealed is undoubtedly that which indicates how the trend of feeling lies regarding total prohibition. In the rural constituencies, (leaving this pro-
P. S.—Ladies’ Coats.
Moccasins and Mits.
done on shortest notice and with the usual satisfaction
to customers.
D
Parties found so-doing will be dealt with according to law.
E. HOGGINS & SONS.
By order
M % LCOLM LeROY
Calumet Island, Sept. 17, lbtH
The large stock of Goods 1 n connection, namely of-^
J. 0. McGuire,Icall
TWEEDS, WORSTEDS, SERGES, FLANNELS, PRINTS, &c
MILLINERY | UNDERTAKING.
OPENING
Butcher
and
Crocei
ir
i
liss Alin Man's,
will be found ready for the Fall Trade with a choice supply of
SUCCESSORS TO
A. SMILEY, UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Fresh ;iml Cured
Shawville,
SA TURDA Y, SEPT. 10.
will be found of the latest design, of superior manufacture, and at prices that cannot be honestly under-
• « cut. . .
MEATS
• • •
—with a complete stock of
o
—o—o—
GROCERIES,
CANNED GOODS, CONFECTIONERY, CANDIES (all kinds)
The above firm having purchased the Undertaking business and equipment of Mr. Arthur Smiley, have also secured hie services as manager of the same for a term of months, which is a sufficient guarantee that the requirements of the establishment will be fulfilled with the same degree of satisfaction as formerly.
A complete stock of Funeral Supplies
will be kept on hand.
HATS
A COMPLETE ASSORTMENT OF ALL THE LATEST STYLES IN
1 #
It
— COMPRISING—
Ladles’ Walking flats*
Ladles’ Sailor flats,
CliildrcH’s Tains, &c.
—ALSO A NICE RANCE OF—
An
also a variety of—
Inspection
Fresti Sfflrtls FRUIT
WILL REPAY INTENDING BUYERS.
viuce aside) we find there is a preponderating sentiment that liquor should be abolished; but all the	and large	|
towns, with a few exceptions, have strong ! E?” A call will convince intending
¦ purchasers that our goods are
as represented, and that our
pi ices will compare favorably
with any store in the county.
was simply crushed by the weight of the I J Q* AÎc(tI I H K
majorities adverse to it. And depend '	* "	ftHAWVITTF
npon it these cities—our great centres •	MAIN ST., SHAW VILLE.
of population, wealth and commerce—will have very much to say in any legislation which the temperance people may and will doubtless ask the premier to submit to Pailiament. The question is, will he undertake the task at all? If the jewel ot consistency cut any figure in Mr. Lturier’s public utterances and acts, we would not hesitate to say that the circumstrnces would oblige him to do so; but it is undeniable that it does not. Then there is the old Province of Quebec to be considered. It has done precisely as it was told to do by the gentleman who controls the government from which some people vainly hope prohibition will come. Quebec plainly says:
41 Hands off !” and it may reasonably be Bet down for a certainty that the admonition will be heeded. So then, with these facts in evidence, and taking into account the indifference with which a very large percentage of the people have treated the plebiscite, it does occur to us that whatever the nature of Mr. Laurier s
prohibitory legislation — granting he frames an Act with that object—il will come far short of fulfilling the expectations of a class of the community who have looked to him in confidence to meet theirwishes.
o
SILK VELVETS,
FLOWERS &
A. HODGINS,
PROPRIETOR.
ly pronounced a contrary view. Take Montreal, Ottawa and Toronto, for instance, where the prohibition movement
FEATREES
—OFFICE AT TUB OLD STAND—
MAIN STREET, - - SHAWVILLE.
An inepectson of stock is respectfully invited.
Jab. CI THBERTSON.
JA8. GRAHAM.
Alf?MS for the
NEW
GOODS
mmm*
?

NEW
GOODS
A. J. JACKSON.
Furniture Furniture Furniture
5

SHAWVILLE, QUE.
I am now receiving and
passing into stock a complete range
m
»
5
v j
----O
of
V.
i\
L

»
Mouse & Sign Painter, Gilder, Glazier, Decorator.
FALL GOODS
h'. :
5
l
I
V
a
'Ll /'
good quality and of all styles at
Amazingly Low Prices
FOR CASH.
OF ALL LINES


O

To which I wish to call the attention ot my customers and the public generally.
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED VO.

Marlin Repeaters j;
hare Solid Tope, nheddmg water tike a / duck's back. Our Vf7-paac book (lust out) 2_ tells all about them. Up-to-date Infor- C> iimtion about powders,black and moke- . less; proper sizes, uuantltlea, how to ’I ; hundreds of bullets, lead, aUoyed, jacketed, soft nosed, mushroom, etc.; y . traj miseries, velocities,penetrations. All rN calibres» to 46; how to care for anus and f/ i , 1,000other things. Including many trade A H secrets never before gtrento the public. %
pjsrZKiS
I ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
The goods have been selected with great care and bought at close figures, and it is my intention to share both of these advantages with intending purchasers.
O
'CLASS WORKMANSHIp'aND SAT-
load
?
I8FAÜT10N GUARANTEED.
JAMES MCARTHUR
9
*

ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
SILAS YOUNQ, CS^Starke’s Comers.
SHAWVILLE.
For Prices on MARLINS, (any calibre) consult YOUR NEAREST DEALER,
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

??
?


###PAGE###5###
X



7

Washington, “ acquit, the dismissed offi-oial of com pi icily with Kang-Yuwei Cantonese reformer, but convicts him vaguely as crafty and treacherous."
. ® ,rue r^asoii for his dismiasal and vanishment, the Timen correspondent asserts, in that Chang Yin»Houan was a
powerful supporter of the Emperor# party.
I
Notice.
the
I
Province of Quelwc, #
Municipality of Hliawvflle. j
Public Not fee Ih hereby given that the '• ril Collection Roll for ih« | Municipality ui siihwvIIIv Iihm been made and comuleted anil Im now open for Iiimdi¦ci.lon by parties Interested, at the ofllco or I he Nccretarv-Trea-Mir» r, All r* tepa.tera |are hereby lequli ed to call and settle the amonut of (heir laze* wiihln the twenty da) a following the date of this notice.
«liven at .Shawville tbl* 4th day of October,
IV'Hi
LORD VBLVO


(28,911)
By GENEVA, 2.11$. Trial 2.08. Dam, Velveteen, 2 31J. “ 2.261
60 Armenians Killed
SKVKKK FIGHTING with THE TCKKrt OCCUR*
RK!) AT ALAMHUORII.
J. IL HOIINER,
Thie fastest son of Geneva, the fast-
Hec.-'J reas.
«at Trotting Bullion over owned in Csn- Cbn.Untii.ople, Sept. 30. -Advice ju.t ads, will make a Fall Season at Shaw- received from Van say fighting has occur
ville at the following moderate terms :	| rut* at Alashgorb, between the Turks and
• iron i* number of Armenians from Russia, f lo.UU. About fifty Armenians were killed.
Peace 2 Peace I
Anything for Peace.
We are prepared to purchase at our Elevator all the good, clean Oats, Pease,
Rye and Buckwheat offered.
Farmers may rely on getting highest prices from us this season. We want your trade, and expect to get it if fair dealing and top prices will fetch it, together with
the most convenient elevator on the line to handle your grain.
f
Onk Mark....................
Parties brekmno Two Marks 26 00,
with privilege of return if mares prove not in foal.
o
Accidentally Shot
As long as you wear an ill-fitting suit war is raging.
Obtain Peace
by procuring a good-fitting, neatly made, well finished Suit, Overcoat or Trousers
—FROM—
A WINCHESTeK MAN KILLED BY A HIKLE's
DISCHARGE
CNOttawa^
Business College.
(Established :#% years.)
Kemptville.Oct. 1. — James Hittsman of Winchester was accidentally killed by the discharge of a rifle at the residence of Mrs. Workman, yesterday. Hittsman ____Q____	. r » visitor and during the visit Mrs,
Fall term commences August 15th. A per- " °rl^ra**J 8 John, aged 16, brought manent staff of four experienced able ex-I out nis rifle to show it, when it discharged,
RSMSi	Mr <»«
tug business and piofesalonal men of the Hot know the weapon was loaded.
Capital : each graduate gett lag the Dip'orna of the business Educators' Association of Canada; the success of our graduates (they are to be found everywhere) are points for your consideration. Hend for new Catalogue.
was
A. R. McGUIRE,
THE TAII.Oir.
New fall goods now
Now Bottillons In Philippines
P. s.-
in stock.
OFFICERS AND TIIEIK FAMILIES REPORTED
MASSACRED.
JOHN KEITH, Principal, 148*154} Hank St., Ottawa.
— Madrid, Sept. 30.—A telegram
ed here from Gen. Rio*, Spanish Gover nor of the Viaayas Islands, who is report* ed to have recently proclaimed himself Governor-General of the Spanish dominions in the Philippines report that the insurgent expeditions have arrived at the ¦ Visuyas.
receiv-
er
* -

'
Shawville
Wr*W

• t
~£t
m
rXH
LIVERY

/

V
*4*
»iK\
W
•r?’	-

....
The rebellion, it is reported is spread ing and several provinces in the islands of
First class horses ailtl rig8|Lul'>n h&ve been invaded and some ofti-
,	n cera of the gendarmerie and their families
at popular prices.
Special attention paid to the commercial trade.
VJiTvLï- V

- * &
O
•/

massacred. The governor and officials at Iloilo, Island of Panaya, have fled to Manilla. La Correspondence blames the Americans for tolerating the new rising of the insurgents and urges the government to present a protest to the Paris commission.
STOVES.
McArllmr & tone.
The season for Stoves has now set in and the public will find me fully prepartd to meet all their requirements with a first-class assortment of
Stanley’s Decision
Seven Years for Middleton.
COOKING, BOX
HE DECLARES THE FRENCH HAVE NO RIGHT
TO OCCUPY PASHODA.
Woodstock' Out., Sept. 20.—-Launcelot Middleton, the bogus railway promoter arrested heie on charge of false pretences I New York, Sept. 21). — A London tele-and bigamy was this morning sentenced gram says the only man in the world who to seven years in the penitentiary at is in a position to say impartially whether Kingston.	the Khedive authorized the abandonment
Two of his wives were in court to hear of Fashoda when Emin Pasha withdrew him sentenced. Middleton was well from the equatorial province is Henry M. known in Buffalo. He had also served a | Stanley, who is at Biarritz, suffering from term in Auburn.
AND
Gr. F.
HODGINS.
PARLOR STOVES
WITH EVERYTHING TO FURNISH THE KITCHEN IN THE
—LINE OF—
Tin and Agate Ware,
at prices ts low as the lowest.
au attack of Malarial fever. Jn answer to a despatch to Mr. Stanley, asking him to decide this question, upon which war or peace between England and France may hinge, Mrs Dorothy Stanley, writing in behalf of the sick explorer, says:
“ Mr. Stanley took letters from the Khedive and from No bar Pacha to Emin Pacha, authorizing Emin to abandon the equatorial province, as it could not be supplied with troops; leaving him, however, the option to remain, if he pleased and was able. This permission, however, lid not include Fashoda, which is not in the equatorial province, this province not coming lower than the Bahr El Gazai. ”
This reply from Stanley is the firs* statement he has made on the question. It seems to destroy forever the French claim that Fashoda was abandoned when Stanley conducted Emin Pacha to the coast, and that Fiance has a right to oc~ cupy it as a derelict territory.
-A GREAT-
The Edmonton Rente.
Furnaces, Steam & Hot Water Heaters
COMBINATION.
A TRAVELLER WRITES AND PRONOUNCES IT
A SWINDLE
satisfactorily fitted up.
H. PERRY,
MAIN ST. - SHAWV1LLE.
Victoria, B. C , Sept 2‘J.—Dr. Bennett, who is travelling with a party from Halifax and Chicago into the over the Ed mon ton trail, has written a letter describing the terrors of that route, dated from Syl vester L Hiding, where the party, who an well provisioned, have decided to remain |, for the winter.
He describes the allegation of a passable trail as a most infernal swindle. He say» there are at least 3.000 men scattered over the country, from Edmonton to the Land mg, that scurvy is rampart, and that horses of the parties have perished miserably in the sloughs.
The prospects for the men in the trail is extremely forbidding.
“ THE FAMILY HERARD AND WEEKLY STAR,”0F
THE EQUITY
SHAWVILLE
t
Hair Dressina Parlor
AND "
99
For the balance of 1898 for
MAIN ST., - - SHAWVILLE.
If yon require « Ilalr Cat or Shave, you are guarameed esilslartion at the tibawville Ualr Dressing Parlour.
Only 35 Cent»

Par.les wishing to have their razors hon--id or dres-Hi cun have tli-m put in excellent condition for from 15 to 25 cents.
O
The Almonte people scored quite a
cess with their annual fair on Wednesday
and Thursday last. The number of exhibits shown was close upon 3,000.
eue
To New Subscribers
This is the best short term subscription rate rate offered. The publishers of the “ Family Herald and Weekly Star” have been induced to make this offer, in order that the improvements in paper might be more generally known, vcl of cheapness.
Quocn of Bonmarx Deal
Try my Hair Tunic.
JOHN SMITH.
The aged Queen of Den mat k, mother of the Princess of Wales, died at 5 30
ever
IThe American Health Association, who o'clock on Thursday morning Inst. Queen I visited Ottawa last week, were given h Louise of Denmark was born Sept. 7, 1817, trip up Deschenes lake on the steatnei she was a daughter of Lmdgrave Wilhelm, 11 Greene ” to the Chats’ Falls. The vis-of //esse-Caseel, and was married May itors wore thoroughly delighted with the 20, 1842, to Christian, fourth son of the magnificence of the scenery along the riv-late Duke Wilhelm, of Schleswig-Holstein er, and enjoyed the trip very much, Souderburg-G lucks burg. Christian	¦**¦¦¦¦¦¦
appointed to the succession of the orewn , ,	. A .	.	.	.	,
of Denmark by the treaty of London May ha\SeCU™1 Çontraot for the bridge
S, 1862, and by ,ho Danish larr of «accès 1 w",k "" the Mon,roaI and 0,tawa Shurl sion of July 31, 1853. He succeeded to the throne as Christian IX on the death of King Frederick VIL, on Nov. 15,
1863.
For the last thirty years of her life the Queen exercised such influence on the
Shawvillo
that wonderful Sash and Boor Factory.
~ It is a mar-
MiCredie & florins. Propristoii
was
The Gquity
Pembroke, Oct. 1.—Mr. J. W. 3/nuro
Snshe», Doors. Mouldings, Blinds, etc., manuiactn ed to order.
All kinds of Matching and Planing done on shortest notice.
Estimates Furnished.
Feed and Provender Ground.
Line on the section between Montreal Junction and Vaudreuil, which the C. P. It. Company intend double tracking. As there are some thirty-five bridges on thii section the contract is an extensive une.
Will supply you with all the local news and the
44 FAMILY HERALD AND WEEKLY STAR ”
.	, ,	.	will supply you with
two pages every week of the most valuable and instructive reading matter
including the general news of the whole world. A marvel of exoefleLce’
and to say that its subscription price is low does not do it justice, fur it is
of such extraordinary value that it looks as if it were given away. ‘‘The
Family Herald and \N eekly Star’ is the world s great newspaper success of the age.
NWP
I	I	I —, C. P. R. Surveyors are at work net»r
politics of Europe that she was sometimes the Parry Sound preparing profiles fur called the mother-in-law of the continent, the proposed C. P R. line between Tor-
Aimther title which was sometimes given onto and Sudbury. The proposed line.	r* tt n „ ...............
her was the “Royal Match Maker.” | will pass through Barrie, Penetang, Parry	>SY HSCRIDR NOW.— This offer is ff 00(1 Wit U October
S.	10H, and is for New subscribers only.
Ïiïïïïr/J: rï«	I	Send your subscription, to
Tz, A . ,	.	. . _	i bably divert some of it to Toronto and
London, Oct. 1-—A special de,patch Sudbury. It will be aomewhat of a com from Shanghai published bo-day, aaye tele-1 petitor of the Ottawa, Arnpri.ir and grama furmthed by the Taotai, or local parry Sound.
Governor, to a Chinese paper there, alleges that the Emperor of China committed The Eganville Enterprise reports the suicide on Sept. 21, after signing the de- following sad drowning accident list créés which placed the Dowager Empress week:—
at the head of affairs in China. This, it The twin boys, aged two years and it added, is understood to mean that the nine months, of Gotlieb Rad ko, of the Emperor was assassinated.	township of Wilberforce, were drowned
All the English speaking secretaries and on Friday afternoon. Mr. and Mrs. the principal members of the Chinese for- Radke were digging potatoes, and the eign office, it is further announced, have little ones were playing around them, been seized and banished.	Unnoticed, the children strayed away to
London, Oct. 1—According to a der- a waterhole which was used to water patch to the Times from its Pekin cor ret- oittle out of, and when missed search wa<
pondent, the Imperial decree issued Fri* made for them and both little oues were rnTTTjl TiZ^XTTTfTiXT” rv TVI iriT/^TTi day dismissing from office and banishing found drowned in the waterhole, which J. H Pi	U JL J. JL CJ	H I I § P»
l° *!?’• Ç,^neee Turistan, Chang• Yin-Hou- was not three feet deep. The bereaved | an, Li Hung Chang’s opponent in tbs for I parents sre nearly frantic over the low of eign office and former Chinese minister at * their children.

Tu
I:- - :


Pntiu Pacific Jonclioa fiy.
Official Report That the Emperor of
China la Dead
JOHN A. COWAN,
THE EQUITY,
Official Time Table :
»
P.M.
5.45 Leave 6 0)
AM.
Aylmer fBreckeu ridge rEardley Parker's Crossing t*Mobn yon
Wyman’s ?Tana Bristol McKe-’s Bhaw ville Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank UVlnton Cou longe •Mellon’s Waltham
•Flag Station. tTank. VFlag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway
Aylmer,
Arrive 9 45
Shawvilll, Que.
H
9.21
#1
8.12
«I
9.08
8.18
• 4
• I
8.58
• 4
8 26
• «
8 50
41
6.37
44
8.40

44
6 47
• 4
8.22

6.54
44
44
8.14
8.58
««
«•
8 08
7.04 . ••
• «
8 02
7.26
««
•t
7.52

Job Printing
EXECUTED WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH AT
44
7.45
44
7.81

8.00
si
In the
44
7.18
8 03
.«
«-
••
7.16

Line of
8.12
44
44
7.06
8.30
•«
«•
6.54

8.47
44
44
6.39
8.55 Arrive
Leave 6.30



---Shawville, Que.
P. W. RESSBMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT.
###PAGE###6###
I

I
/
f
from field guns swept through the mass and mowed them down, and not one man out of ten reached Yakub's __	, standard. 61 at In Pasha, who had re-
BKILLIANT CHARGE OF THE LAN-1 cognized Yakub's flag, rode out and
CERS AT OMDURMAN.
VIGOROUS OLD ABE.
MANY DEEDS OF TALOUS
THE CASTING
AWAY
MR. WM. ELLIOTT TELLS HOW TO
OBTAIN IT.
found (he Emir still alive. The dying chief(nin recognized his old enemy and erstwhile prisoner, and died in his
OF
ALESHINE.
MRS. LECKS AND MRS.
Wonnilrd He* Von I In tied to right-Rome Heroic Kcecnn of Injured Liurrnt-Knilr
Ile 11*» Been Mehjcct to tainting April» and Cramp» - if a* tiradeally ii rowing Weaker ami Weaker.
From I ho Echo. Platt avilie. Ont.
presence.
Ah Yakub expired several of his body-guard, who lay near grievously George Stevens, of the London ! wounded, managed to raise themselves
Daily Mail writing more fully on (he ul> ilml firtM* ,h*ir ,ifl(VH al °ur »•*!,
Mrs. Aleshine, ’ said 1, looking at i Ruth, that l think 1 perceived the in- iiriinHllt	t i. .	» „» whereupon they were promptly de- Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have attain-
her very steadfastly, “1 believe, after fluence of the happy event of to-day	‘	111 1,11 s * a spate bed by some Egyptian soldiers. ed a most enviable reputation in this
all, that you and Mis. Leeks had your even be forts it took place. I have lately 1 mdurman, declares that the charge The Khalifa had already fled, and community. Probably no other medi-own way in regard to hurrying up had a better appetite for my food, and of the Lancers formed no part of the J Yakub's su|>erh effort was t be last cine has had such a large and incre&a-this mutter.”	have experienced a greater enjoyment Sirdar's plan of battle. He did not organized attempt, by the dervishes to iMg sale here. The reason is that this
" Ïsaid she, with happy complu- of my surroundings.”	give the word f r It- „sih«r Ai I it rotrieve the fortunes of the day.	medicine cures. Old and young alike
coney, " 1 shouldn’t wonder if wo had. «• | should think so.” murmured Mrs.	!’/	\ 'r	®	MARCHED INTO OMDURMAN	are benefited by its use.	Recently we
burrin’ up the parson was our ,last Aleahino in my Vftr. f„r we’d no soon-	lmx# a\,y d,reot bear,n8 ul)on	the su’	The Sirdar's entry into Omdurmnn	printed an account of a	remarkable
chance, unit it wasn t much trouble to er Snowed that you two were to make j	vreme issue of the day. But	it was,	had touches almut it of lm: baric t ri-	cure of a well known lady	of this place
: z	gg.gtgg'g
e.l her foirner frieudly demeanor, ul- tle ami work al the ielend. Mj». Lerka « h« regiment went Into the fray, they | tbo hands o( ou'r oMloj^s. phe Sirdar "right, is a well known figure there, though she was not w illing to let Hie Mlj Mrs. Aleehine would not consent lost no fewer than forty killed and rode straight along the main street Although an old man he almost daily
~ r: irr:: rshsh,s- p=™:-r r- = ^	:
marked the next morning, " that l was , hv collditiou of their house when they	«ut to pieces by the ferocious harmed. The previous night they had th* ^rm on which he now lives and
getlin pretty well outdone w ith you. returned. It was,	in	fact,	the	evident	foe. The Lancers attacked the enemy	been led out in chains, apparently for	cDnu»<1 it of forest. In convei sat ion
m.T.hTôS.A” ï?	tire's	*— ’"¦f™10 ' "«,	SS-SSta* — J*1'1" --HiSk*» fcfiKS %%=
see what was good for him, didn’t de- by jiving every thing bettor than I they	over ground which had not A,, (fat> afternoon and evening our of ugeand strong and healthy for an
serve to have it; and it Miss Ruths lllPy found it.	been examined by the scouts, wherein	armv marched steadily through the	old man. Mine has Iwen a vigorous
father had just Come Howu with a Mr. Endvrtun	was	much	surprised	at	a deep khor was held by a couple of	streets of Omdurmnn to the river bank	constitution and up till six yours ago
£ Hi? .ViHi E-aErlKÎS'BS ^ t'iis-.ïïr.SL's;
bygones is bygones. And now, what prepared his mind for an indefinite hundred yards away, too late to change man. after quenching their awful cramps in the stomach. I was treat-\w \ got to do is to ieady oi continuance of it, with the position of their minds; and though the dervish- thirst., threw themselves on the bare by doctors, but received no benefit-
MlheiWek<ling ‘ i1 ?*claiUleh	filled* by ù'oumpUiinl^nnd^aWectionale 68 were P'*®*** *,n or fifteen deep> the “'"“t'h*" ' went to^%^'l''0r^ all'of	llnBt Ae *hre«e score and ten. I
Mrs. Leeks regarded me with m ez- duughter. He had no reasonable esuse regiment dashed into them with » them there had been but little water lhoU8ht niy. ,!m<'	come- N.e,t
pression in which there was some- [ f()r complaint, for the whole subject thwack.	or food for twelve or fourteen hours. J took fainting fits and often
ii:;: t'isr’ssssr- ~rs;.	*«« »*«*»*» «»	vs,“..i:	“ **-- % <,.1%.,%.,^%'^ %
-ff, irez	“h-V" “••‘rr.i	tireX?" ssti rYrzirixft.r.Kf
amt to bv trusted no further than you consideration of his own well-being, cm y four men be“ind liim* Lieutenant Detachments of all the British and with me to use when I felt a faintness can ere him. and not so fur, neither, lbat this discussion of our plans had dti Montmorency went back among the Egyptian regiments left Omdurmnn coming on, hut this I refused to do. I it it can be helped, lies wiliin toi you mai|e no impression upon him. He now dervishes to fetch the body of the ser- early in the morning by stearner for hud read in the papers of l)r. Williams
lomuders you the master of this is- ev#r produced very little effect upon tel1 on tu his horse, not knowing that Its re|,ulur roW8 i}t windows were m®-. ,n fuct thought 1 felt worse. I .land, oi non *» he thinks it R he for Rnv uf tl„ |or we were all too busy to he was dead. The horse bolted and once shaded by shutters; now they are decided to continue them, however,
let him get away from this island, and vf Mve Leeks and Airs. Aleehine con- who were firing heavily fifty yards ed.up rubble. This forlorn ruin was with faillt‘ng "pells. In si* months jusi let him set his eves ou some earning him. If 1 had left that island distant. Captain P. A. Henna and a formerly the seat of the Government time with this treat meat I gained flf-
wimsMS 5=s~»
in. A n<i Miss KutDi	is not me gi	\ ery early on a beautiful morning	body was also recovered. The Lancers	front of the ruin; the Egyptian detach-	The«e pills cure not by purging the
Ihhlalin.t^iiles lexts i»n her	?.utk aud 1 et.arted out on our wed-	who were killed in this charge had	ment on the right, the British on the	system as do ordinary medicines, but
•st-v ,3£tf	sL-sst
hy y y, * fh {? .	1 know- l’^^Dle in the stern, with Ruth near tu ribbons. With one exception, no battered tower rose two flagstaff#, tism sciatica, locomotor ataxia, para-
wh °n v n’l lv«'r «ih other ^ ‘111 ^rfl* Leek s and Mrs. Aleshine sat man who was once actually unhorsed with halyards ewhioh were in charge lysis, heart troubles, erysipelas and all “ain (ur	he 11 t il e her nobodv dicing each other, each with a brown was again seen alive. The single ex- of Lieutenant Ftairley, R.N., Captain forms of weakness. Ladies will find
iz %	tr	^7 — sreonhft TT
f riuhu ii,,,, »i.vh i	ivM mM Vet ”	rlved* ^«86 v\ e re to be ever cherish-	His horse was bi ought down to the	Sidar, who stood with his staff in-	health and vigor, and bringing a rosy
°.. ,w „ llt‘ i. : j	.. «	116 memorials of a wonderful ex-	grouud, and the officer fell among the	side the quadrangle, suddenly raised	glow to pale and sallow cheeks. There
mmsm
in and cookin’ tu he dune before we
I
Many
>
his hand: the hand of the Grenadiers is no other medicine “just as good.” played “God Have the Queen" and See that the full name, Ur. William*' the Khedival hymn, and at that mo- Pink Pills for Pal* People is on every ment t he British and Eyyptian ensigns I package you buy. If your dealer doea were run up side by side. The Union I not have them, they will he sent post Jack shook itself and streamed out | paid "t 50 cents a box, or six boxes for strongly on the breeze. The guns of 92.50, by addressing the Dr. Williams' the Melik boomed a salute of twenty- | Medicine Co., Broekville, Ont., or
Schenectady, New York.
Sergeaut-Major ljreuuan, who was riding ahead, saw the major's peril, and gallantly returned to his assist (nice» After a
tough fight, iu the course of which Brennan killed several dervishes, he succeeded in getting the officer on to his own horse and back to the regiment.
one guns
the rest of the ceremony had reference to General Gordon’s death. The British band played the "Dead March in Saul," and the Egyptian hand the Trooper Byrne, fighting with desper- | march from Handel’s “Scipio
memory of Qieir dead. The four chaplains — Roman Catholic, Presbyterian,
Anglican and Methodist — advanced But the madness of battle was I and faced the Sirdar, and alternately
upon him, and he continued to fight. | read the burial service, the gunboat
all the while pealing minute guns. The
_	, .	.	, service over, the pipers of the Cam- ,	.	.....
IX) let me have erons and Seaforths wailed a lament, I greater l^irl of t hs journey on foot. A
one more go at them, sir." Sergt.- | and the hand of the Egyptians follow- few leagues from Vienna he became
Major George Veysey got a slash from ] ed- 1 he burial rites having l>een con- exhausted, and was obliged to ask a
su initiated, the troops were dismissed.
afterwards through,-. ,
It is still green with lhe fumilJ received him kindly, gave chest. I palms, and acacia, orange, lemon, him supper, and then invited him to
A PATHETIC STORY
WOUNDED MEN FOUGHT ON
The pathetic story of the last time that Beethoven ever touched a pianoforte is not very widely known. He was traveling from Baden to Vienna, in
in
«antes came back, and we could have
took Emily or Lucille, whichever it was valour, was badly wounded first by that kept house, and showed her ev- a dervish sword and then by a rifle erythin’, and told her juet what we bullet had done. Rut when they do come '
....	...	.	.	., .. back,” she added, ' and read that let-
mi mmm—
USES ESSfüS" “ ~ " “ ‘
eumfuit. To-morrow, 1 ihiuk, will tio lbe	I his	men	through the action. Before	Vienna	papers are commenting on	'V,le an^ daughter laid their needles
morrow was not received by ituth with The new gypsy shoe is made of green engaged an Emir single-handed, and (Millon as Mme. Sans Gene paid #1,250 '>Dl0tlon enviously, and when the play-
Eiw.îi. «ol ro m“b lu mine	"d “ cl“”d	l,"rkk °»"- tbe li.uie.i.nf. .word. * rikin. ...in.!	ktl.r.d lh„ record hj » e,t h.m lb. -illuMI, in II..I bov.uk
I fear as	Lo those offered by Mrs Leeks meeting	two	straps that	cross	high on	the chaiu armour, lient double, as	As a matter of fact, however, real	Symphony iu A.” He flushed with	hap-
and Mrs.	Aleshine.	*h«	instep.	Very	often	a	pretty	pat-	though it were lead; but before the	royalty pay < nothing like these prices.	Î"?®*8' „ l- !“a. ,P?î'?love".1 C<j™®	a?4
.sufjr :u\‘!rX'h\‘Xe;	». -,r.,b., |	»r=bTZd%:	....	^ r&k îssiKSî i? K
iug in green things to deck the par- An'	g 1 011	^	Loee, exact 1> m.uclung , |bt>	l rent	sword and stunned him, and	Ians gowns for $40 to $; 0. The Arch-	evening following the concerted music
the	shoe, are worn.	la Lancer opportunely coming along | duchesses	Marie Valerie and Giscla	w*^h heavenly improvisations. Far in-
,b.tESVi: g,<" "T»•«"> :.%Zd ÏÆÏ“•*
dervish spearman, lost his sword, and *	*	e 11 Empress buys her When he went to bed his vein* seem-
his life was only saved by the prompt-	dresses in \ ienua, and pays not more	ed full of fever. He could toot sleep
ness of a trooper I rehind him, who ran	* Dan $320, while the Empress Elisa-	#nd finally stole out ef doers	for
his lance through the dervish.	beth gets the latest fashion and best	air, remaining until be was tbor-
BRAVE EMIR YAKUB	quality for $60.	J^ly ®hillôd‘ th« morning he was
I he Comités.' last el lane has just his anxious hosts sent for a physician I>ought a tea gown from Worth for and summoned his friends in Vienna.
Hummel waa almost the only one to come, and he stood inconsolably be.	......	side the master’s bed, as he lay there
trope velvet, crinkled according to the apparently unconscious. At last Beeth-latest fasti ion. • The long, straight oven moved and caught Hummel’s front is of cream-colored mousseline de hands in both of his own, “Ah Hum-fioie and cascades of cream and silk lace.

l took this advice, and broached the subject tu Mr. Eoderton.
" Well, sir,” said be laying down his
response to an urgent call from his favorite nephew, who was in trouble, and, to save money, was making the
night’s shelter at a humble house near
, We wandered and almost simultaneously a Gordon's garden.
warn thrust into his
nose
spear
Blood streamed from his wounds, but ! pomegranate and fig tree» and sugar Ia comfortable seat near the fire. Then
lor, and doing every imaginable kind »[ work .necessary to a wedding which
lira. Aleshine was willing to give inio	ly at night for dances and dinners
their hand*. As for herself and hei	Their black .satin vamps are cut low
good friend, they put themselves upon	^ possible over the toe, which is
their mettle as providers of festivals	rounded, and the heel is gilded to har-
j hey made cakes, pies, and 1 netei	monize with the delicate geometric
knew, half so well as the r hree sailors, ]ines 0f goid p^Groidery that are fret-	II
howr many other kind* of good things. te(i out over the bIack background. Comparing experiences, many of us Besides all this, thej assisted Iiuth to	Occasionally one sees worn with these I	Lave	arrived	at	the	conclusion	that	the
fit herself out in some degree in a	black silk et< ekings heavily interwo-	finest	display	of	individual	heroism
manner becoming to a bride, aome light ven	gold t b reads.	I was made by the Khalifa's brother, the
and pretty adornments of dress were	fantour Emir Yakib. Never did man
borrowed from Emily or Lucille, they.	n* fl. w, THn unwvw	show more supreme contempt of death,
knew not which, and, after having been	J up. JUUiNJLfcY.	jje rode at the bea<1 o£ a crowd of
done up” and fluted and crimped by Sandy Macgregor, after five-nnd- horsemen, and repeatedly tried to get Mrs. Leeks were incorporated by Buth twenty years' steady work, took a to close quarters. Over and over again into her costume with so much taste fortnight s holiday and went to Lon- these horsemen galloped right at our that on the wedding morning she ap- don. At the foot of the stair where line, wheeled round, and thundered peared to me to be dressed more charm- Sandy was lodging two or three young along our face, raising dense clouds ingly than any bride 1 ever saw. fellows gathered every morning round j of dust as they went, and leaving a The three sailors had done their own a barter's shop door, and when Sandy trail of dead and dying men. At one washing and ironing, and appeared in	passed backwards	and forwards from I moment a	merciless rifle fire	poured
cleanly garb, and with hair and beards	seeing the sights	they began	to no-! into I heir	flanks and rear, but they
well wet and brushed. Mrs. Leeks and	tice him, and resolved to have a lark	|	stopped, and, scorning to get out of
Mis. Aleshine, put	on their best bibs	out of the au Id Scot. One morning, on	!	range, gathered in a dense mass round
and tuckers and Mr. Endertou assumed emerging from his lodgings, Sandy I Yakub's standard, and proudly faced his most clerical air, as he stood be-	was accosted by	the barber	himself] the rain of lead. A great	body of
hind a table in the parlor and married	with the words:	“ Ere, old	fellow, white-clad	footmen screaming	hoarsely
Ruth and me.	|'ave you seen a lorry passing this 'ere; tbe name of Allah and brandishing
" This, said Mr.	Enderton. as we	way loaded with monk-ys from Bailey's	huge spears, ran at full speed across
were mem ted at the	wedding feast, “is	show?" “No, ma mannie,” said Sandy,	the open ground, for no other purpose
a most charitable display of attrac- ,e[ didna* see it; but, puirchiel, hae ye apparently thin to die with their lead-live viande; but 1 may say, my dear faim aff I*	| pr. Rifle aud Maxim fire and shell
Venetian eandals are assumed chief- finished the chief lain
cei
which she paid $6,000. It is trimmed with diamonds and is made of helio-
mel, 1 must have had some talent Î" he said faintly. They were his last words.
The front is bordered with a most exquisite trimming, consisting of a i luff y jabot of white feathers caught here and there with diamond ornaments. The effect of the diamonds glistening among the feathers is Iquisite. The feathery trimming reaches from the shouJ dar the hem of the gown
velvet sleeve is small and laid in tucks ards and other reptiles live in places toward the top, and on one shoulder devoid of water. A hat of Western are a few sprays of velvet purple and j American inhabits waterless plains. In white orchids, and on the other Is a parts of Lozere, France, there are bunch of voilets. The gown has a herds of cows and goats which hardly long train and an indescribable air of ever drink, and yet produce the milk regal elegance.	j for Roquefort cheese.
ANIMALS THAT NEVER DRINK
There are some animals which never drink; for instance, the llamas of Patagonia and certain gazelles of Far East. A number of snakes, liz-
ex-
t he
| right to The crinkled
'
###PAGE###7###

A STRÀEEB'8 WÀRHIHB.
1
f
***¦
ISeMSI
BiBHHBsE SS BHE—HB SSHS2
There sr# six hundred thousand Inhabl- (ho affaire of Ciml'* Amverninenl are in- 2n T/' fl/lf you "topped breathing, nostrils throb with the hot haste as mass* did mil periodically gather to
wmm
mmm mm wmmmrnm wmm
never rising to more than seventy de- Divine clemency. What careful walking ratastronh » Wnrnmi hv t hr .i.v.th of PmV ’ w.ake -Vou up-	. Dom the Lord, whose scepter sways
»— «*	ïïisfbu? ss s-uT i“«	ÆïÆïîsÆSta
opportunity he almost empty. Men ^ AH NED DAY AFTER DAY,	'°^e wafl doomed to be put to death	was honored by the	loyalty,
On its throne sits	and women do nut lose th*dr souls	and month after month, and year aft-	, ,en, the curfew bell struck nine	and affections of his	subjects.	People
Sard an a pa lus. his	every meal a ban-	through putting off repentance for	er year—warned, warned, warned.. O!	->fc?ck at n/^ht, and she thought that	are apt to respect rulers who	try	to
quet, his every day a coronation. There ev*r* but only by putting it off one	my dear brother, if your soul is lost,	j , c ,.l4,ep î^1 ,.’e 11 (ro111 rin^ ; do right, in politics	there can	be	no
- *—• -*>'• o' >.o« .o.' ob..-	!SWT rz	«»¦ """"" —	"""""
colony, bewildering with arrow-bead but they die in youth; or they pro- better chance for heaven thin l had. ®r, 'he. shadow of the night she , „ His heart wiia ,ifle(1 u, in , ha
of exciting I*>8* in old age to be Christiana, but I was preached to, and prayed for, and	up ml° ,^Ltpw?tr *pd lwd hold
Them are	die in mid-life; or on the forty- Divinely solicited. I was shewn the \\ h‘ lon£ue of the bell. (After awhile
!£*fifirww'• “• --z"LriÆ":r,•tie.*ésmsrs.5
...»	...	EEs,Eïiti;: i=i,s
mm wsmmm mm
winged lions. The city roars with <be deck smoke with their speed. As	T ... .	_	,,	. nwl rang not and so time was gained and •	...	. f . .
:“°L rt, "'"T r crs	USJ1r,I r «1«7, s «fi z sr£,.r‘ rrix'zVr.Tur Z JT
f hoof8' and lH a" a-rush and a"| pyramid of years, and days, and min-	| hour you have happened to escape	there were those here doomed to death.	lt probably	took two years to so orbite with pomp, and fashion, and pow- utes, but they are going, and they will	SU(,n intimation to-night 1 ring it in	You have condemned yourselves It,1	ganize his kingdom as to make pussier. The river Tigris bounds the city take u" with their lightning velo-	ears:	‘ Vet forty days and weerns to me as if the death knell of We this holy work ot ¦	¦
city. If I should by some superna- Mneveh shall be overthrown !	your immortal soul were about to Early in his reign he thus real-
¦ .. .	...	..	..	.,	tural revelation to-night tell you just	Still further: I learn from .this sub-	strike. The angel of God's justice has	De<l that	false religions could
wall bound it on the other sides, and how long or how brief will be your	ject that when the people repent, the	his hand on the rope, yet I seize the	not be	extirpated unless the
there it stands defiant of earth and opportunity for repentance and sal va- Lord lets them off. While yet Nine-I tongue of that bell, and I hold on. hop- people were thoroughly instructed in
Don, you would	not	believe me. You	| veh was on its knees, and Sardanapal-	ing to gain a little time, and I cry out :	the truth. One generation thoroughly
would say:	I shall	have tenfold that	us sat in the ashes, and the unfed	"O God, not yeti not yet I" hoping that	taught in the Bible, at home and in
.	Dine; I shall have a hundredfold that cattle were yet moaning in the air, time may lie gained and pardon may the Sabbath school, will give t he world
iniquity ev- time." Rut you will not have more; and the people yet deploring their sin, fly from the throne and your soul may to Christ. Sent to his princes. He -ent Nineveh the magnificent, you will have less. You have put off bod reversed the judgment, and said: live. May the God who saved Nineveh out the nobles in the realm to teach
rejientance so long that you are going "Those people have repented. Let them save you. Rut some of you have put his people. Note the. influence of high to l>e very much crowded in this mat- live!" And the news flew. The gar- it off so long that I fear time is up. social position in extending reform in ter of the soul's salvation. 1 he cor- dens saved. The palaces saved. Six	____________ __ religion Three classes of men were
SUNDAY SCHOOL. EEV" E2F ""
sunburned as though he had been countant who has to have a certain J the other; from the east wall, clear	——	g Levi tes It was a great Bible
under	the	browning process of	number of figures .added up by four oyer to the	west wall. Let the	bells	INTERNATIONAL LESSON, OCT. 9.	school, an assembly held	all through
o’clock m the afternoon. It is two | ring. Let	the cymbals clap.	Let	  the kingdom to indoctrinate the maL
bnata.no other man ever rod.
whale’s fins and	flukes	being	to him	in a case of life	and	death, five miles	room. "And God saw their works,	PRACTICAL NOTES.	the golden age of Solomon
both oars and	rudder.	The	man had	from the depot,	and	the train starts	that thy turned from their evil way;	Verse 1. Strengthened himself against	9. They . . . had the lwok”of "thel
in thirty minutes, and you have not and God repented of the evil that He Israel. The young king had every law of the Lord with them
. «-«-«.	, h-, aras SLiTiJ-MK ïsl: “ «* jsv^pui.‘ssr^s ssc for «Æsjz .s: sr »ïs'"*r,sr % $s±
now, at last, his feet	strike	the street	a swollen	river in time ot a when a sinner repents. God repents,	forced to resist the aggressions of the	school we may imagine thin to the
freshet. The	circumstances are such The one gives up his sins; the other	kings of Samaria. But Jehoshaphat	public worship Evidently the book of
that he must go across. The bridge gives up his	judgments. The moment,	was	a statesman	as well as a soldier,	the law of the Lord was	exceedingly
w-	u».	—«	m.	for	rrs.'vr.r s'r.,113 sr	s-sasr^ j	s?
loud and distinct utterance, he begins; waits, until the bridge cracks In twain changed, and the storms. and Israelite king. His first action was. second as a guarantee of their high and the water carrier seta down his »"d ,?oe.8. down, hoping then that on the lightnings, and the thunders, wisely, to prepare for war; his sec- j mission. Those who instruct in Cents
f.	charioteer „i„	"" S.."5	! Sî Æi.—	*“ “	1^*.“,^ 'E'.iS"
steeds, and the soldiers on the top of God is not looking inertly and un- realities of the eternal world, all be- 2. He placed forces in all the fenced | that their teachings may flow from the wall break ranks to look and lis- I concernedly upon the position you oc- come hiu coadjutors. God and the cities. In Jehoshaphat s age "stand» God's pure fountain and not from the ten. while his voice shivers through j cupy. Just as certainly as there is a	corne over on his side. .Repent, ing armies'' were in their infancy, and i broken cisterns of human thought ;
the avenue, and reverberates amid the ! bank to the ebbing river, just so cer- tf*ve up your sin and turn towas the novelty of garrisons in the for their hearers, who will feel the dwelling of potentate and peasant, as tainly there is a bank to the river of >ou will be ^ved. An, says some great fortifications that led to this j power of the direct reference far more he cries out: " Yet forty days, and I your opportunity. The margin is fix- uoe, that s a toughening to ao. i I special record. Amid present condi- than the mere quotation. Throughout Nineveh shall be overthrown I" The ; ^ There will be a limit to God's have been dunking. says some one, tions no; ruler would think of erecting all the cities. Not merely the lead-people rush out of the market-places ; forbearance. ''Yet forty days, and or. 1 have been unchaste, says some a fortification without a garrison to ing cities; the more remote, the great-and to the gates to listen to the Nineveh shall lie overthrown."	(>nH; or’ 1 have ,hf°“ blasphemous occupy it. Set garrisons in the land er the need. Let us seek out the pén-
étra nge sound. The king invites the Still further; I learn from this sub- says anothei, or, I have been a Nib- of Judah. He established military pie without waiting to be sought by man to tell the story	amid	the corri-	jeot that religious warning may seem bat h breaker, says another, or, Ihave	posts, and it. is not improbable that	the peuplejm/gKM WÊÊÈ
dors of the palace/	The	courtiers	pneposterous.	So it is now that re- * hard heart, bays another and now	the standing army of Judah was the I	10. The fear of the Lord fell upon
throng in and out amid the statues, /‘giou;. warning seems to many an you ask me to give up my sin. lean- earliest in the world’s history. The all the kingdoms that were round
^;ssgs;5=s5-lHl ËfâsHS™	UsHSliS
wmmm : wmmm mmWm ™
and put in the prisoif of the city ” Rut *'\ed Feel the muscle in my arm." husk—the other is a, carnet. The one p. The Lord was with Jehoshaphat.
srh v 4?	wsrKMÇfx.» îsr&s-æ
Ninevah shall be overthrown.’^ There need to make preparation for the fu- uimnatLon.	chronicler is not exactly plain to us bis goolah. He fills it with filtered
k no madness in his eye, there is no I Dire I have noticed that it is	/	Hi? f%^N Id Ind Hia hec:,u!?e of a sIi«ht question concern- water, and in the morning can com-
HÉML.
pent,.nee is almost over. "Yet forty right. 1 mean some day to surrender ffet to the next verse, and find that days and Nineveh shall be over-	the entirety of my nature to God.	the word father there refers to
thrown."	>9. reasonable. I mean to be a	Asa. and when we read m the parai-	He	(afler marriuge) -	What ? You
Still further: I learn from my sub-	j Christian, but not now. That is what	lei passage. Kings ,—. 43, he walk-	have	no fortune? You said over and
t that God gives every man a fair	thousands ot you are saying. I am	ed in all the ways of Asa his fat her.	over	ftgajn that you were	afraid some
chance for his life. The iniquity of | afraid if you do 'not give your heart to Asa s early life was conspicuously of one would marry you for your money. Nineveh was accumulating. It bad Go! to-night, you never will. You a high*r uioial tone ihtn were his She—Y>s, and you said over and over been rolling up and rolling up. There may have heard of the ship Rebecca	later years. Sought not unto Han I im.	again	t hat you	would	be	happy	with
the city lay—blotched, seething, feat- Goddard that came near one of our	W hi eh word here is pro »a > I y used	me	|f	j	hadn't a cent.	Well, I haven’t
ering under the sun. Why did not ports this last winter. They were generically to include all idolatry. a oent.
God put an end to its iniquity ? Why I all scoured up and ready for the laud-	There were many sorts, ranging from
did not God unsheath some sword of I ing, when coming, almost into the bar-	th? worship of the true God with
lightning from the scabliord of a hour, an ice-floe took the	ship	and	the help of images, "th»* sin
storm-cloud and slay it? Why did	pushed it out to sea, and	it drifted	of Jeroboam," down to the foulest	Young Mot her-What in the	world
He not with some pry of an earth- about two or three days, and there orgies that were ever misnamed wor- makes the baby cry so? quake throw it into the tomb where	was great suffering, and	one	was	ship. It is hard for unspiritual people	Young Father—I	guess he heard me
Caraccas and Lisbon now lay? Why	frozen dead at his pod.	How	near	to worship without the help of their	say I managed to	get a little	sleet
did He not submerge it with the scorn | they got into the harbour, and yet I leuses. Forms and ceremonies can- last night.
MV. DR. TALMAGE PREACHES AN ELOQUENT SERMON.
¦e Drew» Home l'irful Uiml From Ibe
- free lui
I
I
«
PiiiirfNnllty of the Dlflie Arrange mraft — Hellglawa Warning May Arrui Prepoeteroat UmI Wvm Kvery Man a Fair ('hear* for HI** Life.
A despatch from Washington says:—
was
en
the homes
greet
city roll the commerce of Eastern and Western Asia
service
inscriptions and scenes chase and victorious battle
ways of the Lord. There is an uplifting of the heart in proud seif-con-
mansions adorned with bronze, and vases, and carved statues of ivory, and
places and groves. It was not enough for him to himself walk in the ways
It was his duty to alfol-ish the popular idolatrous worship. Asa had done this before, but he had not done it quite so thoroughly, and the Jews had secretly made new idols
of t he Lord
reformation
on one side, and moat and turret ted
heaven. Fraud in her store-houses
Unclean ness in her dwellings. Obscene display in her theatres ery where Nineveh the vile
NINEVEH THE DOOMED
Indeed, he had been
a sea voyage wrecked and picked up by such a life-
been trying to escape his duty of
Theirs
of that city. No sooner has he passed under the shadow of the wall and en-
I
who are in earnest in
A LAND OF MANY THIRSTS
The Egyptian never travels without
rnand a pint or more of watercooled by evaporation through the unglazed
clay. This precious fluid he does not waste on unsatisfied thirst
Taking
off the long w hite w rap and the piece of cloth that covers his head during
The European, with all his instinct for clean-
A BLACK COVERING
is thrown over the horses and the sheep and the cattle. Forage and water are kept from the dumb brutes so that their distressed bellowings may make a dolorous accompaniment to the lamentation of six hundred thousand souls who wring their hands, and beat their temples, and throw themselves into the j dust, and deplore their sin, crying out:
" Yet forty days, and Ninevah shall be overthrown #”
God heard that cry. He turned aside from the affairs of eternal state, and listened. He said: "Stop! I must go down and save that city.. It is repenting, and cries for help, and they shall have it, and Ninevah shall live." Then the people took down the timbrels, and loosened the foot of the dance, and flung new,light on the panels of alabaster, and started the sup-
MENTAL PHONOGRAPHS
A FAMILY AFFAIR
###PAGE###8###
\
I
T

V

>
\

f
A tornado visited the neighborhood of The Montreal market reports a decided St. Catharines, Ont., last week, and dam-1 drop in butter last week.
•fid property to the extent of many thou sands of dollars. A few persons lost their lives and many were injured.
How the Awards were Made
In She Ch«-rse and llutu-r Competition nl the Shaw ville Fair.
-------- ÜtRwi
The following report of the judge» in the cheese and butter competition at our recent inhibition will be of interest as well as value to competitor» at future exhibi tors. The judgment was given by points—possible number, 10U. The numbers
given represent the ticket Nos. of the exhibits :
CHEESE. '
FOR SALE.
tv:
WJ

•>
fi
The undersigned offers for sale the following Registered Htock :
A few SHROPSHIRE Ewes,
Ram Lambs,
Ram (I4 years old).
Also, some BERKSHIRE Pigs, two monts old.
The Plebiscite Vote by Provinces,
According to the latest returns to hand, the following is a statement of the Pie* biscite vote, represented by majorities, in the several provinces :
Several
One
44
Total 92
Color* 13 Finish 9
Texture 26
No. 33 Flavor 45 “ 125 “	83
“ 123
1. S. Dowd’s Coin
«4
80
9
4*
44
14
20
4 4
43
II
44
09
44
44
0
13
44
20
30
44
44
For. Against
10,102
18,404 10,7:15 0,559 3,154 2,024
90
44
8
44
14
25
44
44
43
44
Ontario..........
Quebec...........
Nova Scotia......
New Brunswick..
P. E. Island.....
Manitoba.........
N. W. Territories B. Columbia......
30,363
All the above Stook Is registered and very choice.
BUTTER. Color J10
Finish 4 » 80 4 = 90 f> = 55
Salt 8
¦'THE LEADING BOOSE "
ED. R. BROWNLEE,
Clarendon
Texture 18
No. 93 Flavor 40 " 23 “ 132
10
• *
13
20
43
14
44
44
2
13
0
35
14
44
79
3
u
10
13
18
35
u
7
Hog for Service.
4 4
4 4
5 = 09 5 = 90 5 = 75 4 = 80 4 *= 84
?t
8

23
20
44
41 m
IS 03
44
779
6
44
15
20
45
44
44
The undersigned offers for service his pure bred Large English Berkshire Hog " Jerry,” bred » y and purchased from Mr, W. J. Nli el by. of Harrow smith, Ont. Fee—Oue Dollar.
6
41
12
BIG
15
38
44
45
44
Total for.........
Total against.....
Total majotity for
03,815
30,353
44
8
s 8
20
104
40
44
44
4 4
7
4%
15
18
40
" 30
44
BARGAIN SALE. - - -
ALEX. BEAN,
Lot 18, R. 3 Clarendon
27,402
PROHIBITION.
2m
Rept. 17,1898
BRISTOL
The Vet» on 'the Piotiscitoi in' Pontiac Ltt
Tk. following incomplete return, h.vr bern rcccircd ,hoeing the role recorded |	prohiKn-
had the majority of votes at our village.
A very interesting “ Box Social” was hi Id in Peerless Hall in aid of Plebiscite fund. The programme was very good ; all present seemed to enjoy themselves heart
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
Now In Full Blast,
JEWELLERY [ Yi,e people aro realizing our
values and are going away well pleased.
Be one of the crowd next Friday or Saturday and get yourself a
%
• t




s
last Thursday on the Plebiscite : —
YES NO 30 28
S
POLLING STB DIVISION

etc. etc.
Village of yon......
South Onslow:
Wyman’s School.. Hammond’s School

\
25 1(1 I iiy 4(1 14
Maj. 8
A complete «took of the above always on hand at
# #

Miss Christie McCuaig, who had been visiting friends in this vicinity, has returned to her home in Auburn, N. Y.
Mr. John McCuaig, of Pembroke, was visiting his mother last week.
Mr. John Warren, one of our popular young men, has deserted the “ bachelors ” ranks by taking to himself a wife in the person of Miss N. Olmstead, of Litchfield. Who will he next /
Quite a number of our young people attended the Ottawa exhibition. They

North Onslow Bristol.
Gk 3ME.
1
Main St. - - Shawvllle.
ÎFPAIltlSa A SPECIALTY.

78 17 45 23 22 40
Bristol Coiners Tow n Hall N r a Bristol .
Nobby Suit . . Hat or Boots . .
Rush In Lumber
Clarendon
82 02 89 11
63 01
42 04
77 00
20 34
27 14
Morrison's...........
S:atk’a School House . Hodgins’ School House Clarke a School House
HEAVY SHIPMENTS AT THE CHAUDIERE FOR THE EV.OPEAN MARKET
or anything else you may require, at the Special Reduced Prices.
There is a special rush injlumbor circles report the fair as being very good. They I the Chaudière at present. The cause ill claim to have enjoyed themselves very ,,f the ruth is the usual heavy fall ship-
mnch.	ineiits to Quebec for export to the Brit-
Mr. and Mrs. XV. A. McCuaig had n hah market. The docks around the Chau-new member added to their family Sun dioro are lined with barges, all being lay morning—a girl.	loaded with high yiade lumber. The J.
Miss Alice Ilussell has arrived home | Booth Company are loading fifteen from visiting friends at Coulonge
Shaw ville.....
Portage du Fort Bryson.........
Now is your Chance.
$7 to $10 Suits at $5.50.
Suits at
And others at - - $2.95. Extra Harvest Shoes. $1
Dress Goods.
Calumet Island. Town Hall O Harv'd..
14 59

• •

Thorne ..........
Leslie and Claviiam
57
25
bargee, each of which will carry from 250,000 to 300,000 feet. The other exporting lumber firms arm also shipping heavily. This rush will keep up from now until navigation of the St. Lawrence closes in December. The lumbermen have during the summer months been short of boat room, and consequently could not ship as fast as they otherwise would have lone. -Ottawa Journal.
24 30
Scribbler
Litchfield
$3.50.
Campbell's Hay...........
Vinton..................
Mous lean'# School House
Report of Shawvillo Academy for
September.
33 3 4
03 77 Maj. 03
02	43 22 14 11 20
03	29
Mansfield and Pontefract. ...
Fort Culonge................
Waltham and rhyson..........
Chapeac ....................
Allumette Island
D.viaiqn No. 1........
Division No. 2........
Township of Chichester......
Townships of Sheen and Esher
Malakoff and Aberdeen.......
Aldfield....................
Alleyn ane C a wood.........
Tsmiscamingue...............
Ville Marie.................
Gvigues.....................
A CADE M Y DE PA RT M ENT.
Grade 2, Academy —Clarence Naylor 1, Edna Armstrong 2, Kenneth Naylor 3, Jennie Wilson 4.
Grade 1, Academy. —Winnie Knox 1, Lila Wainman 1, Tommy Smart 3, Hill i.ird Wainman 4
A Groat Pulp Industry
Either Silk, Wool or Cotton manufacture in Summer Styles, will all be < fil'd red in July at such liberal reductions that buying will be difficult to resist
10 51
LARGE ESTABLISHMENT TO BE BUILT UP JN THE PKTAWAWA RIVER-SULPHITE FIBRE AND PAPER TO BE MANUFACTURED
MODEL DEPARTMENT
Grade 1, Model.—Eva Knox 1, Clifford Knox 2, Florence Elliott 3, Jfanson Wilson 4.
Grade 2, Model.—Wilfrid Armstrong 1, Willie Shaw 2, Louie Dilworth 3, Lynda Lang 4.
11 10
Dr. Viggo Drewsen of New York, who is widely known as an expert in matters connected with the manufacture of su I phitc pulp, was in Toronto on Friday.
He is the Vice President of the Petewavva I LEUNGS ûtC Lumber Pulp & Paper Company, the com *	*	9
i»any incorporated by special act of the Ontario Legislature, which holds such Grade 3,—Verna McGuire 1, Sylvanu> I “beral concessions from the Ontario goy~
D ivis 2, Pearl Burroughs 3.	6 nment, setting aside extensive tracts of
Grade 2.—Ka hleun Wilson 1, Miner sPruco lands in northern Ontario for the a Cnldwtil 2, John Crawft rd 3, Emelim- purpose of permanently supplying raw
Oagg 4.	I material for the manufacture of wood Vv 6 &T8 pCSl"
1 i>ulp in the large mills which this com	"
pauy will build at Petawawa, Ont., where tîVôlV it has secured about five hundred acres | V *	1	‘
of land and all water power rights on the Minute, of regular see,ion of the Mu I 1‘etewawa River, in the vicinity of the nicipal Council of the village of Shawvillo, kaN*dian * ttCl^J ' ' * * * ? station, held on Monday, the third day of Octu The Company expects to have in oper->er 1898	ation before the end of next season a plant
P,coni' Mr. Mayor G. F. Hodgini.;	w,ith ¦capacity of 50' ton, dry *ui
0 .une. Geo. Hynes, H. Lang, Donald	I',1".16 6^0 and a, there will be, after sup
, n	( lying all the power that can be u:ed by ,	.
Moved by C u Lang and seconded by	rh'B Pllllt-,abuul J0'000 ^,r8e Power «“{; I W 0 HaV0
Cun. McRae that minute, of last meet-	"blc for other purposes, the company W,II
ing be ad. pled. Carried.	°f aboU-
Moved by Coun. McRae and aec.mdU 1°0 t-n, daily c.pac.ty ny Coun. Hynes that the bill of H. The doctor W». in he cry consulting Ling fur plank for side walk amount ing	with several IoCai gent.emen who are in»
to $5 4(1 bo paid. Carried,	'ereated in his company. He is about
Moved by C uü. Lang and seconded by	wil‘n8 J0T Eur0Pe on busmees connected
se, for the year 1898. Carried.	^ „nly real competitors Canadian,
I We stay with
u = "o rey's Read.-to-Wea, Clothing can be obtained from I	th.ri
the following firms .	the provisions of the municipal code of I the ability of Canadians to compete in all
H.	S.	DOWD, ............. Qcyon.	(he Province of Quebec, at which session	foreign markets, and ie particularly er-
O.	F	IIODGINS........... Shawville,	were piesent:	Mr. Mayor G. F. Hod	thusiastic about the prospect, of the Pete-
O’MEARA BROS..............Bryson.	Lj„, and Coun. D. McR.e, George wawa Company, on account of its excel-
PaUL	McNALLY............Campbell’s Bay.	Hynes and H. Lang, forming a quorum	lent facilities for manufacturing and ship-
F. A. MAYLONEY, .. .. Chapeau.	10f the Council u ider the pnaidency of ping, and the assurance of permanently
the Mayor,	' cheap wood in unlimited quantities st
It is ordained and resolved by by law I Petewawa, while the coat of it to the of the Council a, follows:	That a tax at	great	majority of existing mills must soon
the rate of jj of a cent on the dollar be	advance rapidly, owing to the present en
levied on all taxable property within the ormous consumption, which’!, constantly »,	1/ I municipality to meet the current expen- growing. Dr. Drewsen certainly ought
PROMPTLY SECURED H for the year 1898.	to be » competent judge, ae hi. father and
By law read three times and passed. grandfather were paper manufacturers, a
sEHEresfc® i	SÏIJKTS
invention or improvement and	we will tell	(	| tZi A\\ n»rtiA# interested in the onen- I while	another brother manages a large
firobabhTiM,tentAb?e°n\Ve make a specialty	\	| ing of the side line between lota 7
of applications rejected in other hand a	...................
Highest references furnished.
Orlovos, Hosiery
M. E. MacGregor, Tende
SENIOR ELEMENTARY DEF T
Grade 3 —B« rna McCrediu 1, Luell Dale 2, Irene Shaw 3, Lena Caldwell 4.
Totals
0000-00000-00000000000000-000000000000000-00000000000
JUNIOR ELEMENTARY DEFT
and many other seasonable lines will be subject to Great Discounts during July.
The Ready-to-Wear
Idea . . .
/
V*
V
E Smith, Teacher


Shawville Council

Is what gives Shorey’s Clothing it* prestige That idea should suggest another to you. The saving of half your Tailor's Bills.
Headquarters for the best Groceries in the County. We are continually on the lookout for the best and newest goods on the market.
\

¦4
i

It does not matter what your Shape is, Tall and Slim or Short and Stout, Shorey’s Clothing will fit you and to all appearance you will still be a Tailor Made Man,
See that Shorey’s Guarantee Card is in the pocket of each garment, it is worth remembering.
z
Pickles, Baked Beans, Canned Corn and Peas at present that are admred by everyone, and praised by all who use them, and at prices that will astonish you.
t
Salmon at 10c. per tin.
That it means Satisfaction or
your Money Back.
A
i
Ceylon and Japan Teas. Our namo is a household word in every home in the county.
OC-&&OÔOOO<XK>
Dr. Drewsen has unbounded faith in
For the Best Qualities and the Best Prices call at the old reliable every time.

THE BOLL ELECTEE CO.
Gome lo DOWD’S
If,
PATENTS
I
Care ran at IiUervals of tv enty minutes In the morning and fifteen minutes In the after-nion, dally, Sundays Included.
The Leading House for Bargains.



_	___ i. Tress, gest paper mills iu the United States,
writotoall parties interested in the open- while another brother manages a large ing of the side line between lot# 7 and 8, paper mill in Germany. In addition to from Main street back to the 7th line and the unlimited demand for wood pulp In that said line be opened up as a public 1 England, a profitable trade can be done road on Monday, the 18th of October, and in shipping sulphite fibre to the United
govern I States, owing to the U. S. duty on this ' product being lower than it was under former United States t niffs, and is almost
When you come to Aylmer don't fall lo shoot the chute at Qi.een’s Park.
Go through the maze puzzle if you can.
Ride on the Merry-go-round:
H. $. DOWD
*
Watercbnte affords the finest amusement
Endless chain takes you up
j I	s&srsua
yj^'Cr.nd	i ,ll^rtie.C^.,Wlîft Üi*>^crG««ingi Mora certain if any reciprocity agreement is
tv Suit, yore Association, Assoc. Member Can. < ,he road maker goes on the road	reached by the Quebec conference that
^TimsSsMssff ! !	; sunS fa It t
I	*	more favorable terme.—Glope.
In the country ¦
In a boat and gravity brings you down wlit* a great spluth Into the water, but you don’t
get wet.
Close connections are made with all Tann-dlan Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.

Quyon Que.
i
it
Hoc

Baggage promptly handled.
W. R. TAYLOR,
hec Treas
>


—
