###PAGE###1###


V
No. 5—18th Yk ah.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.
THURSDAY, JULY 10. 1000
$1.00 a Yea it
in Advance.
»
Devnii < ri vk Stokm
Wednesday last :
was marked hy a succession of thunder- \\ storms such have nul lu en experienced hitherto this season ; hut the most ter- u ride and destructive of the lot occurred in ; the afternoon, when a portion of ( don township, north and north
capital - - - $6,000,000.	i„w
RESERVE FUND. - 2,600,000. S'X55"32?ir,*S
Mr. Matt Wall
veu left for Ottawa on ty mumiiig, where he has secured
i i on the < luctric
MIDSUMMER
BARGAINS!
Great Clearing Sale
1 I
II
OTTAWA. t’ANAI) \
Ileal <
CaiiHal

i
OF CANADA.
ud
1,7tI.O' 1,40 ; 'll
'
null t of the f action of
It.at
The Twelfth
Hoard of 1H rectors;
CharlesMagee, Ei>., President.
George Hay, esq., Vice* President.
J< ¦ If i David Mac Lakkn, Ksy

Tin riot
1
n uJth'sy ar by umnmvjth célébra’ions tal uf the Ihil'nî centres cf the I>>-
¥
Hon. ôko. Urn v, ,Ii.. « Alkx. Fsum:h. Esy ,
l
In k
*
From what wo can learn t! rather cyclone first cam* the earth in the viciait\
Kelly’
Db.vxii Mntin v, Chû

e in Ottawa, where about rguuen from the neighboring sam tabled to commemorate the
mi
Head Ollier, • .11 oik real.
with 4.0(
in cont.u
i )
oEoitnr nunv.
D. M. FINN IE,
Oh-rnl >ianng< r ..	.. M uiugcr
Henry c
f Mi
M tilh muge, ml on in a northeasterly <li

pmg i event
)
Stmt VILLE BRANCH,
. .1.1.	1 .",ï* «very I:i Pontiac there were three célébra-
0„ „„'rov.d ^r:,y a,	J r'rYud'
Mr. Amirov linnnn -, and other* in that c-unty «„e,„bled; at North Clarendon, nvu il«.rh.,M.|. I hu outbuilding* of Iwtli -f which a report 1» given below, and at gentlemen menti-,ned were wrecked, as J„. Sheppards in Than».
als„ a Urn and «tablent Mr. \\ in. She,, | At Steel/, we learn there was a large,
!’*;• p 11 , |11 "i 11 vvs wul v	orderly gathering, and the day passed oti
, ’ fences hlu'.viHlowii and mule or lews wry satisfactorily, although tho weather «Iftimigo done to build mgs in the track „f wa. ? j „t the kind desirable f„r a ’ i" vonu ui. ij it iea< iud Mr. Andrew pleasant day a outing. Uf the gathering
lN Ml s’ ,IV,U ; :le ^u)on 1IV,'r* livre n ut Sheppard'» we have as yet received no moKt astonishing incident occurred which report, but txpect to be favored with
!h worth rel ating. Our informant is Mr. one la*er o;». Through the kindness of a
*.Y liul>	Arupiiur, . gtO'Hii friend we are enabled to furnish our
ut U10 HtUfiion huvuni ih, which animal ho reader! with an outline of the proceed -UNDERTAKING	j was driving at the tiino. Ah ho approach- in.e at North Clarendon
Cuthbertson,Graham 6t Elliott still ed Mr. Havlin's place Mr. Vrimpbvll	oh The 12th of dulv Ornn«»n r.îrnie h-hl
T«K « HO PLEASURE SO SWEET	HfSSSi	KÜ£i :%"=%%%	w	r
1	attention and charge, moderate. I passed. He accordingly drove into Hav ce„ a, an Orange pienic in that the
A ST71|IMEZt SESSION Commencing Sunday, duly 22nd, the | !,H ,n<	^1 "	'' '!l	" 1 *,,e !,uiid- end>u are to be congratulated on having
„7V u n T	Sunday train on the Pontiac Pacific ‘"ft Mr. ( ampbe I says he can scarcely successfully furnished an excellent din-
SS&t^tiKÿMS	«—» -«I '«•	! SSSfSæ? 16	i“3	— —
for the UkîtV^oTluaTneiî amUui	t(> “*• twe^nti Tlt^e.	when he°gnt'u,,	find
Commercial matters. Shorthand and ^ Shawville on Saturday the 14th ^ was not hurt -lie discovered that Typewriting, English and French and	to'Mr. anil Mrs. J. U. MeUmre, a lhu b“/n , w#? wrecked < " wi'hin three
.... o tier xpciuai studies. daughter	feet of the floor-a confused mass	of
ruasssss^z asss .-«riVdstvTr. "•!*
around home during the Hummer vat a- : I'" u* the Methodist churcii heie on Sun- could not get up, yet fortunately was un* tiun when they could be getting a start- day morning.	.	hurt, the remaining part of the wall in
ing of a practical education at a very WANTED, everybody to know that my some miraculous manner shielding him Nligh’ cost <	farm of 200 acrew and HO aereM of hay are for from being crushed by the wei-dity tim-
77:%	....
\,	! to en< uire into business methods 1 urulciy \\ ah hi. owith ns <ifiy Him it | wt$nt ol thoii owu accui I n	-ah
and to be able to return to their schools rained in the fall, feeling that they have something practical to give their hoys and girls.
IN ONTARIO
I
heew itin. K" uptv lit Miiîtiiwa, Ot‘aw.1,
Alexandria, AntprliT, Avon more, Ilraettbriiigi?, Carle ton
4 t !
Firry round lVmiiroke, lt.it Portage, do ItaiikMt. Iteufrew do Hide,à»Ht. Toront », Vaiiklcrk Hill, Btnlth'» Fa!!#
reasonable rates.
Farmers note# bought and collect*d.
Money transferred 10 all pnrtsol the world.
HAVING# DANK.
Accounts opened for amount» of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Hive,
liawkenbuiy,
IN MANITOBA
Winnipeg
Dauphin
Portig'* La Prairie.
We have been looking over our stock and find we have too many goods in several lines, particularly in Felt and Straw Hats, and Fine Shoes, and must clear them out
before end of season.
IN QU ED! Hull,
JO A M. T 10 A M. TO 1 I’.M.
K. A. PARKER, Manager
Office Hourh .
HATVIIDAY» . .
PM
La chute
Montre»!,
Agente In Canada, N<•" York ami Chicago-
It nk ! '! 1
Agent h in Ht. Paul—Merchant a Nut Dank.
Agents in London, Eng.—Purr’d Dank Lt’d.

----o
As that which Is combined with Profit
Two Weeks’ Bargains !
HATS! HATS! HATS!
Straw and Felt Hats—a large stock still on hand ; everyone reduced in price. Now is the time to secure a
bargain in head-gear.
pre
sent «in that day, thereby clearing the * of CO, which will be devoted to the new church which they are at present building.
Tne day on which the picnic was held wee, unfortunately, not of the beet, yet hing daunted the loyal Orangemen assembled, with “ blowing fifes and beating drums, clad in the uniform of their or- |
der, and with banners floating in the, BOOTS & SHOES * breeze, to celebrate the day dear to their	"
hearts and to cheer for King Billy, the hero of the Boyne,	.
After dinner speeches were the order of the day, and after an address by one of the it mibers of the Orange order, era! eloquent speeches were given.
Mr. Lindsay, the first speaker, as an observer uf the Orange order, reminded the Orangemen of the danger of Protestants becoming so Protestant aa to forget the grand Catholic doctrines which the Great Master taught. Rev. Mr.
II yie Bpjka from an historical point of view, and a’m st a a being an Orangeman liinitelf ns belonging to a kindred order, that uf the 44 True Blues.”
Tucker made an eloquent speech. He stated his intention of •* making a reputation iri North Clarendon, and Johnson followed with an appropriate addrcis.
no
the
We have a very large range of Footwear—too large for this day of the year. The quality of our goods is too well known to need another word. For next two weeks we will make prices to
please any buyer.
men
If the popular fallacy regard- | out of the building; but neither ing that day ia verified the outlook for | jured, although Mr. JIavlin had haymaking is decidedly gloomy
were m
eev
l very
naarow eHcape. When discovered he
WHEAT WANTED. -For the next ten I was about twenty feet from the barn and days the Shawville Milling Company will held in a trap, as it were, by one of the pay 75 cents per bushel for good clean, I heavy door# ; but strange to way the bard standard w heat.	I door was held up at one end by some tim-
For Sale—Team of work horses rjcr> which saved him from being severe-weighing about 2.400 lbs. Will give My crushed, if not killed outright three years' time to good man. —L. T. Campbell s impression of his memorable Martin, Ladysmith.	| experience is that the roof was lifte 1 bod-
ily off the building and carried away, and
,	.	. .. ,	,. .	. u. .that the tii here ui the wall were blown
ufactone* at Quebec this week, affects int(, „ ,, ilu moment afterwards. flow about 16,000 of the population. The L„ J wilhout injury will ever recause .a due to a demand for h.gher my main a mystery to him. The storm at
ftreciAf, KATIN K'*R THOSE LKTERIMO FOU THE S' NMKR BKSHION WILL HE ALLOWED TO ALL PKRflOKH WHO ENTER THEIR NAMES BEFORE JVI.V NINTH.
Drop a Postal for full information.
Mi
Come help us unload and secure Bargains .. you will not hear of again iq a hurry..
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE
Bryson, - Que.
Rev. Dr
The closing down of several shoe man
LOCAL NEWS.
J. H. SHAW
Wanted.—Two men and teams for that point was nut accompanied by very threshing	season of about fifty	days,	heavy rain, but the	thunder and 1 ght-
Will take	teams without men it	neces-	n(nK were appalling.	Resides the loss of
sary. Apply, stating wages, to	his barn Mr. Havlin	had his house dam-
£. T. Martin, Ladysmith,	wd, and otherwise	nstained loss.
Fur Organs, Pianos and Sewing Ma chines, see A. Howard at Pontiac House
Every or e was pleased with the speech-Everyone was pleased with the tea. Everyone was sorry that the rain would persist in falling, and after some more marching around everyone went resolved that if ever there was another '’range picnic in North Clarendon they w uild make sure of another pleasant
es
It will interest many in this vicinity to know that Mr. Geo. E. Brownlee, of Shawville, has successfully passed the Matriculation Examination at McGill University.
1
We can furnish you with photos of all sizes, from a chic to a crayon, at lowest possible rates. Call and see us before going elsewhere. H. ImisoSt,
Photographer, I Misa Burwa h, formerly ft
. un aC *l°llte. Klmside, is visiting here at present, th M. Day ! aid win, M. A., late as- guest of Mrs. Dil worth.
_ _
delegate to the General Assembly of the #	Rev W. J. Conoly, Mrs. Con 1*
Presbyterian Church which recently met Mr. J. II. Bromley, Pembroke, inspec- [child, are visiting relatives in at Halifax, conducted the services in the tor for the Ottawa Fire Insurance Corn-	and vicinity.
Masonic hall on Sunday last. His dis- J^ny, was in town on Wednesday and	Miss McKvchnie.	(etcher auiv
course partook af the nature of a digest Thursday, in the interests of his coni-	Saturday uvonin»' to	m	cud hv-i!
of the proceedings at the meeting refer- pany, and keeping a sharp eye fur any	:n i»rmi. n	'
red to.	new risks that might be available.	p f p-j] ^	.. j f.
isslsill ÿEÿESskï
..........................
Fy	10"T Fwnt UKKr>	yue-	town na the guv:it of old vollv# fxi
kcowonATBD.-Th.KtWmeorpomte here.
f-ervifs rfnilertti to ue ty jou during the i-owt two	the “ Holiness Movement Chutch in	Mr	Geo.	I>.	Cam obeli	acen4	?
!•	>V»«ü-t,iu	Canada/’ was ,u»ented tl> th® Gov-	Fnueer & Co., was in	town on Friday and
pivsent members we a#k you to accept this I'oin, not einoi-wuncial on tlie 14th day of June Saturday. Before leaving he purchased
SfASSCis Wîfce—- ...............................J "
wo find it ueedlei» to say more ; but e£we are band- ate for the dale above given, and will
Heawn-1” ^ cur	"10 may we klje,lded 1,1	set at rest the doubt which exists in the
Wiehioy you all hajo	f*>r your future welfare	minds of sonic that the movement is not
wherever your lot may be desMned to be,	incorporated.
We remain, Your» fraternally,	Mr. Harry Newham, late of Ladysmith,
Mimbbrs or I**osraCT Lodo*.	A number of our sijlwcritiera are in the and now a resident of White Lake, in
ipss 5	EEfHHî"?
----	subscription. A better and more satis-
A large number of the members of Vic- factory way would be to hand the y
ess5si limn .
t|honsln^en”Zh“ jSywL^uliTUoX	Mr- h Sh.nuileined the l.« of	d^'t'lho " FnJ" ^rryMorrp, fur «prmküng street,
to witness the presentation of a gold a mare Monday morning through a run- when his father, the late ('Baric* Scheibe l-.Ml, and Harry Morrison, for cleaning bracelet to their departing sister, coupled away accident,	which iu itself wae not c.f	resided in that locality. For the past 11	street, 7 Ac.—Carried,
with the following address ;	a very serious	nature. The team, ({	years he has been engaged in tlie job	Move 1 by c un. Eidci, seconded by
which the mare was one, were hitched to printing business in Toronto, and lias ccun. Cowan, that this meeting do now
To47S'eŒ;-Ti„ men.ben of viciorla • *«K°n »nd were standing at: the granary «^dually worked himself into, fairly ,dj..un,.-Carried.
I.O.O. T.» îi ing aware that you are soon to depart uoor in Mr# ohii.v s yard a. thd old home* large rim lu (.ta ivti business, from nur mjiUt.de.lr.Jointly t0 a«ure you that y «lead, when the animal» luddeaiy made a The Ven. Archdeacon Naylor, 11. A
£r“k/0r th« ,0*d;, The drir.r, JanrnLith Mrs. Naylor, left on Thurolay laat	Therulpmill,andoon.truction work.,!	.
Yourmany social virtues have not only substantially Ilooertâon, fays the horses leaped the for a well-earned vacation ami rest, the new paper mills at .Surgeon r alb school it.ior.T	j>u.	School Ui port, No. u, Clarendon.
i‘SE,eTrS5SS“"'; cônoivd w,u iL'X'Sr'rt «Z'	in.-i.. »«« >v«ns 5 2 a,,,». 0rw,e iv-i. n.riw,; 2.
îESEESEiH1 s	ÏÏ 2k.SMS Sr M	H5£Sr*Srtte'i«!
Absent from but not f,)rgetten	opposite gate.	When James came up he	deacon intonda to spend most of his va-	Lluyd Cj., in making their purchase, did	?,	%	i 7	1	ri?lcr	Uodgms.	Grade	111.-1, Tensie	Sly;	L>,
By thsflrieiMlejrou have begotten—	found the mare	had her left hind leg bro	cation in New York where he will visit	not get as much land in connection with	II. —L r.iiza hinmers<)!i_,	.lohnnie	Haz-	Kate Hodgins; .3,	Percy	Barber.	Grade
sÆmà
pupils parente sad û uta In this section, »hot* which was done accordingly.	I the Bis *'s visit on August 19th.	led by arbitration.—North Bay Times. * h ANNii M. hazard,	"• gin< Lftie Corrigan.
ome
PERSONAL
Snaps in
i-y
ici
Peerless Lodge, I. 0. G. T., No. H, disire to tender a vote of thanks by way of expressing their gratitude to all outsiders, who so ably rendered their assistance at the picnic held
Mb. Signed on behalf of the Lodge
Sham-ilia Council
at Hamilton's Bav, June
Minutes of a regular scs-ion of the Mj-iic:[d' Council of the Municipality of the vvhgi; of Siiâwvilîe, held o.i Tuesday, Jj'y 5;h, 1900.
lV-3.'iV, M . MiyorGeo. Hynes; Cjun ;;.i :i J hn A. C ; van, Jo.eph Smith and
me
1

1
1
J.IS. E drS
1
Move l by c:un. Smith, seconded by :ju\ Elle», ; At; the minutes of last meeting ai. I also minutes of adjourned s'-ssion, htid n June 12:h, bu ad «pied.— Carr
going1 fast !
'
CLuncillors Joseph Smith and John A. C «wan were appointed by the Mayor to act in conjunction with himself to instruct Mr. A belt Horner, roid over ettr, as to the character of the work decided to 3- done on the streets this seas n, and to 4 va the sa d officer authority to hire earn# and men necessary to the ex cuti m of the maid wotk.—Carried.
Moved by coun. Eidte, seconded by toun. Smith, that whereas it ham been found from report uf the health itii err, who recently ma le an inspection of the premise» of the citizens of this corporation, that several of the ?a;d cit z ns have not complied with the ordinance of this ijuuncil regarding the proper sanitary ;or.dit on of their premises. Be it resolved that all parties bo defaulting be no fie.ho fu'til the requirements of the
We Have the following BAECrAINS only now
.. .. remaining :
One only Hood Square Piano, rosewood case
One Gilbert Piano
One Dominion Square Piano, rosewood case, carved legs, in splendid condition
1
in clarge
week in
• e
# e
1
$ 75.
e •
• e
e #
150.
# #
# •
e #
Mr. Robb. Modgins, baker, bas g, no to Russell village, where he linn procured n situation at his trade.
150.
The ah eve all on three years payments.
# #
For further particulars see
Mit. J. IÎ. Horner, .. -Shawville,
who \< our authorized representative fur the Counties of Pontine and Ottawa.
sent occupant
We had the ulensure uf a cull on Moo-1 Council within twelve days of thin notice,
otherwise pioieed.ngs will be instituted «gains*: them.—Carried.
Moved by cour. CoT.n, seconded by Mr. I coun. Eudes, that the fd low it: g bills be
v z Selialey E. H. dg.'ns ntd
names
/:
D. W. KARN COMPANY, L’t’d,
197 SPARKS STREET. OTTAWA.
Clartiidcn, July 11th, 1000:
###PAGE###2###






ihi* towns th« 'work of cleinelng ,vml at Uie same time I owns the liability to t rim hie on account of thpao I I'ramm <*f ih Norialllf Rccor-J • the
a«mih African w *.
FEVER BEATS BULLETS.
+++#+0*#?#???• «parkling glass, dainty chins, and
à	I polished silver on the table, and in
\\Æ*+ i t hi « age of cheap luxuries such things
to a degree, at least, are within the J reach of every woman glass, thin, delicate porcelain ware, and plated articles are now made in
Notes «.uni Comments.

HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
About tie Bouse.
rh it there Is some danger of a re-
co question Is In-
tvd by the weakening o£ tho Sul-ruiuent owing to the recent
genus
The fighti/ng In South Jifrlt* during the past two Months has not been < f Do not allow the brooders to get too | a very murderous txh irudter a-.xt a
muuh smullnr number of Drltbih sol» Too muoh stimulating food i iiiscs I diof» hafe boon killed on the field or
v via I of tlv Mm
freshed
POULTRY NOTES
dit
NEEDS OE THE SOIL
SUITED
TWO LUNCHEON Oil
DISH ES.
tab « fort
of the grind viAief, and the encroachments of Era nee in the south-
Pos-
be maid
ffn a general way it may
xv a i in
much beautiful designs, and in such t tiiat
(Ihe three prime factors in
Housekeepers who in summer time I close imitation of the costliest china I raising large crops are cultivation, rouse an oil or gasoline stove for cook- and silver that every household ma> | tation and fertilisation Every farming sometimes build a fire in the | hare a supply
When this is
over egg production
died of wounds received in action than Feed the breeding fowls so as to [during the earlier months of the war. keep them in vigorous health
Grain charmai is about the brat | total number of deaths has kept pace
condition powder to feed to hens
Wt is a good plan to breed largo [off at a corresponding rate the death numbers of chickens as early as pos- | ll>t has grown with appalling rapid*
ity. The div4ih-< by disease have kfi-Houses that are kept clean and well | egganed s<, fast that the diminished ventilated need very little disinfect- fatality of the recent fighting is much
more than offset. To establish this Cholera is often communicated by j point wc prosent an analysis of the eating food contaminated by feeding i casualties reported at different dates.
hinterland of the empire.
ei u
session of lami front km with Morocco proper le.ss well defined; but as she
acknowledge that the diet' tlie hinterland agreed upon
Algf ri.i gives France a
er under.Narnia the Importance of
thorough soil culture. When land is
well broken and finely pulverised, the or crack a. readily u the inferior | eoU water movefl aboul ra(ire readily,
Vhc following recipes will be kinds. Of course every woman who
Hut it must not be imagined that the
In the end the best is the cheapest, the fire is often used to I as fine gl.tsa and china does not break
range on baking day
wore or
ne cessary
also cook meat to Ik- u>ed cold for sup
with the reduction. Instead of falling
does not
vi.sion
tv the European powers in Africa, ap-
pel
and the plants are not so apt to suffc from drought ; the air is also permit ted to permeate the particles and bring about certain
I
possesses pretty glass and china Dotted lleef.—The remains of cold I knows that much things demand care-roasted beef, mutton or chicken may ful handling, but when this is once
found good
h semi-barbarous power, she
si hie
plies t
has m-estrictly regarded it in the ease
beneficial
Whit Franco wants is
of Morocco
tc push the Moorish-Algerian frontier ^*0 Id fbe south some distance to the uie 1 t^d butter
U- chopped, seasoned and pounded, understood there is no further cause j	The ^	„ p,ant, in a
each pound allow four ounces of for anxiety. No careful housekeeper ,Uvelv pr,1[mllM, mii|, can forage about .......	, ..	• m.x thoroughly and will trust the washing and putting | (or food and ^ more lier»„il,le the
thus taking in a piece 01 «tie	ck in jars or tumblers, cover with away of her choice glass and china to
Western Sahara claimed by Morocco, nielted suet and keep in a cool, dark j * servant or child, m order to acquire so me valuable
mg
latter is, the more rapidly the crops I develop. Good clean cultivation also doe* away with the growth of weeds. These, if allowed to thrive, would rob the (plants of nourishhient which rightfully belongs to them. Without good cultivation no amount of fertilizing or other care of farmers can produce a bountiful crop.
Rotation is simply a common-sense practice, through which a farmer, by selecting a series of crops which fit in well after each other, gives his land a resit and avoid* heavy draining of plant food. Rotations differ according to sections and crops cultivated, the aim being, of course, to choose those which follow each other well and to avoid having two heavy feed-
The war, an will be remembered, bo Diarrhoea is usually cannul by im-Igan on October 11, 1891), and the list proper food, filthy coops and dump, | of casualties issued by the British
cold temperature
Do not feed young, growing chick- | regarded as roughly covering the ens. wot, sloppy food
on the ground
place. A tableepoonful of Worcester- If one is gifted with a small degree sauce may be added to the l>eo(, <>f judgment and skill no risk of and a little celery to the chicken. | breaking or spoiling handsome table-kgalnet this, one max i ux u*ef . specially foi pot»
eases which may ultimately nerve to *bire Complete a railway connecting Al
war office on March 12 last may b#
per in and Senegal hoxvevor. Morocco «tenuously protests, tlUg aud	enough to last for two
and xx hen. recently, the French fol- Cl lowtd the occupation of the Ixvat poun<|s from the under-round, as this Oasis by the Flamant expedition from ic>b expensive and xx ill answer the Algeria to Lake L h •<!. by the own pat ion of igli, the Moors began to tw0 tablespoonfuls of water, four make preparations for a determined tablespoon fuis of butter, a quarter of
That, conceding their a teaspoonful of pepper, same of cin-right to n hinterland, they were par- nainon, a tablespoonful of Worcester-
tially, at least, justified In so doing iri to apparent; for though th< Moorish fine,
claim to sovereignty over Twat will kittle of cold xvaten. bring it to boil-not stand, the oasis being clearly ing point, and boil carefully for three within the French sphere, in occupy- hours Ing Igli to the northwest, the French chop fine
ware need be run. In cold weather when necessary to beat meat and vegetable dishes, common ware should be used, the best dishes should never he set around the stove, or sent to the kitchen, nor plunged in boiling water, as the result will be breaking and cracking.
In cleaning the table after a meal,
deaitba In the first five months of bos Keep everything sweet and clean if | tuition. At that date there had been you ex|N<it to have healthy flocks
Particular care should he taken to [ were killed in battle or died of their that lice 'are kept out of the wounds and 1,029 died of disease. Here
Purchase two
three weeks
a total of 3,447 deaths, of these 2,411
Put it into a crock with
pur p.»s,
see
brooders.
U a monthly average ut 488 in the l'hf l'oliih fowls are not a large | former and 206 in the latter class, breed bu b n do I f a h. re I aj*
résista nce
Two mon-tha later, on May 12, tbe
|H*ur smaller than they really are
all scraps and grease should be scraped from dishea and plates. The dish-Stand the crock or jir in a pan should be filled half full pf hot
water, and a little powdered borax added. The glasses should be washed first, and quickly dried on a aoft towel, then the silver, and cups and
advanced about 130 miles into terri- smooth, and mix with it gradually the saucers, leaving the greasy dishes and tor y hitherto regarded as belonging to liquor from t hr jar; add two teaspoon Morocco
total of deaths in the two classes wa.i So many of the eggs of young geese 1 6,385, of which 2,893 were on the bat-prove infertile that it is beat to use tlefield or from wound* received in tiie eggs of old geese for hatching, action, and 2,492 of disease. This is A slatted frame that will admit the an increase of 475 in the former and chicks and keep out the old fowls is 1,363 in the latter class, or u month-needed in every poultry yard
sauce, and an onion chopped
Wbeu the meat is tender
era in succession.
The third essential, fertilization, is now much better understood than heretofore. The work of the experiment. stations, farmers' institutes and agricultural papers has diffused knowledge so freely that almost every farmer knows now that the object in fertilizing is to return to the soil the three ingredients, nitrogen, phosphoric acid and potash, have bftoome too exhausted by con-
pound until perfectly
ly average of 237 in the killed in bat-Condimental foods are those which 1 tie and 681 in the deaths of disease, have a stimulating effect other than Thus, while the deaths in the former that derived from ordinary food
plates for the last. When the wa-fuis t-f salt and half a pound of melt- (pr becomes cool, more hot water and ed butter
class had diminished more than one-half in their monthly average the deaths of disease showed a more than threefold increase. We may add that the table of casualties for the week ended May 19 displayed an intensification of the difference. In this week only thirty-seven deaths in battle were reported, but no fewer than 311 soldiers had died of disease, mainly of enteric fever. Truly the fever in Boor-land is mo oh mure deadly than Mauser bullets.
If you have a few pine borax should be added nuts at hand, stir in a cupful or you
The first few days of incubation are most critical ones, and careful atten-
Latest reports state that a ' holy is oein g preached against
Table-ware when thus cared for
may add a few toasted almonds that ¦ will always look bright and clean. France, thiat the Moors are massing bave been carefully blanched and	______
nt Figuig. north of Igli. and that the chopped fine. Pack the mixture into	POINTS ON MARKETING.
French troops in that quarter, which cups or tumblers, cover with melted have of late been considerably rein-
wai
thm must be given at this time.
Charcoal pulverized and mixed with the soft food aids digestion, and is an
Fish, to be good, must be fresh. In huet, fasten with paper, and keep in a buying, see that the flesh is hard,
which excellent preventive of disease.
dt is wrong to condemn any vnr-
forced. are preparing to repel attack, dry and even to take the offensive if ne-
the	shiny, aiiii the eyes bright
Jellied Chicken. Sing	md draw a	-otherwise. Mr.	Fish hai	been	on	******	topping.	It	to	important	to
cessary.	While there	is	little danger	good-sized chicken, put	it into a ket-	eatth too	long to	he relishable.	Fish	^member,	though,	that	it	dues	not
of serious disaster overtaking the	tie 0f boiling water, boil rapidly for	should be	rinsed
French,	the situation	is	nevertheless	f|VP minutes, then push	t he kettle to
sufficiently grave, owing to the pres-
tée
let y for t he misbehaviour of a few in
which some unknown cause may have wrought a propensity for evil.
Never grease a hen that is sitting, fur if grea.se gets on the eggs it closes the p»res through which the confined chick gets its air and the consequence is death.
merely suffice to put these three ingredients of plant food in the soil and depend upon nature to do the rest. Good cultivation and judicious rotation. as already outlined, must go hand in hand with proper fef ilization.
By proper fertilization h meant t lie use of the right forms of plant food iV! the right time. It is well to way right here, that the forms of plant food exert a great influence on both quality and quantity. Nitrate of soda has the advantage of being a concentrated food, averaging about 10 per cent, of nitrogen, hence there is a saving bifth in hauling and applying. One hundred pounds of nitrate of soda contain as much nitrogen as a half ton of stable manure, and it
carefully, using as little water us possible, as much of the back part of the stove where it p destroys its delicate flavor, cut weakness of the Sultan s govern- cannot possibly boil again, and allow
ment and the possibility that the it to remain until the chicken is ten-
GENERÀL PRETORIUS.
Beware of canned fruit if the ends
Sever I Tull Kffrnilj om,l
Hoi r I ami.
of the cans are bulged out; it means tribes may get out of hand and so der. When done, lift and put aside to th.it the fruit has fermented!, throw the empire into anarchy. In cool, siving the liquor in which it that event it might be difficult to pro- was boiled
vent a general scramble of the pow- remove the meat, rejecting the skin nhen freshly cut ers interested in Morocco for a divi- and bones
Owe
General Pretoria» is a descendant
In buying beat or mutton, always When the chicken is cold choose the piece that looks bright red
TINY ROYAL HOSTESS
of the original Pretorius, the first President of the Transvaal llepubli -, and the man after wh m Pretoria w s c hristened of the earliest bitthu of th* ». ir. taken prisoner and removed to oar hospital at Wynburg with I hi er invalid Boers
Fresh pork and
Ihen crack the bone* ve.il are a nice pink, and good salt sLon of the spoils ; a scramble that all fine, put t hvm. with the skin and one pork is firm and white.
Europe is interested iu preventing, small, chopped onion, two bay leaves
the on*y
daughter of the German Emperor and Empress, celebrated her return from the mountains by entertaining all her little friends at where chocolate was served, and not
Princess Vik oria Luise
He was wounded m one
lest it should start a general confia- a blade of mice, and half a teaspoon-gration, and so realize Bismarck's pro- ful of celery seed, into a saucepan, phecy that the Western question Add one quart of the liquor in which would make more trouble than the the chicken was boiled
five o’clock
a
GRAINS OF GOLD
it
His wound u
tea
Joy is the best wine—George Eliot
Simmer
si ta ted his leg being amputated, but he does not see in to be any the woi e for it, and is reported to b* on i li • high road to recovery day he was shown over a man-of-war at Siinonstown.
Now, the old General is one of the older generation of Boers who his never hitherto been out of his ou n
He had never seen the sea.
Ihere are so few little Princes and
Eastern. There is, of course, no rea- until reduced to one pint; strain and bon to believe that France, though season. Moisten a perfectly square —Prior, wanting a section of the Western Sa mold or pan with cold water. L\r bar a to which Morocco lays claim, is range a layer of chicken neatly in the manners.—Menander disposed to disturb the general peace bottom of the mold, then one of
They always talk who never think
Princesses of tender years that lit tie people of lots exalted rank were included among the invited guests. These latter, a little shy at their first 1 introduction into imperial circles, were received by the gracious hostess in such .m informal manner that they felt at home at once.
She has inherited housewife capability from her charming mamma, and she insisted ipon dealing out t o each separate guest Ins or her share , of cake and chocolate. As each child
Evil communications corrupt good
l‘h i ot hr
is in a more soluble and available form. Another strong point in favor of nitrate of soda is that it acts very quickly, can therefore be applied at a time when needed, and in jiW such proportions as will be both economical and profitable.
Jn applying plant food it must be re mem tiered that all three ingredients, nitrogeu, phosphoric acid and potash are needed. Neither one can take the place of the other, nor can an excess of one make up for a lack
The luxury of doing good surpasses in order to get it; but as there is a slices of hard-boiled eggs, sprinkle every other personal enjoyment.— possibility that the empire may break lightly with salt and pepp»r, and a Gay. up from internal dissensions, it would little chopped parsley, then add an-
ils not what man does w hich ex-
see m the part of wisdom for the pow- other layer of chicken, and so on until I alts him, but what man would do.— ers interested to agree upon a settle- ; the ingredients arc all placed. Strain | Browning, meat while all heads are still cool
country
in u h h »s a modern m in-of-wai
Of
over the chicken stock, and stand
Loveliness needs not the aid of
Ibis may foreign ornament, but is, when un-eerved plain or with mayonnaise adorned, adorned th»- most.—Thomp-dressing.
course, he understood nothing of the wondrous mechanism which he saw all round him, but he was immensely impressed by the great engines, the guns, the discipline, cleanliness and
aside over night to harden
The only powers immediately interested are Spain and France, each of which claims the reversion of Morocco, and Great Britain, whose possession of Gibraltar and trade with Tangier makes the ultimate disposition of the Moorish estate a matter of vital interest to het however, that Europe would agree to the acquisition by England, of any part of Morocco, the partition must lie between France and Spain, the former getting the larger share. Great Britain being squared by a guarantee that no fortifications shall be built on the southern side of the Straits, and that Tangier shall be kept as a free
port.
son
left it received a* a souvenir a package of chocolate, attached to which was a small portrait of the fascinai- order ,,f everything on boar.l
Allemavhtig !" he said.
We ought not to judge of men's Corsage of peagreen and black plaid merits by their qualifications, but by taffetas. Vest composed of laoe, tucked mousseline and plain mousseline.
Revers and collar of tucked mousseline edged with embroidered mousseline, and the revers o* plaid are edged
the use they make of them.—Char-| of a second. The best plan is to see
that enough of each is supplied. Now, as to applying. The main ob-
it is

ing little imperial hostess. It was all
She is not
run
worth while being wounded and losing a leg in order to come all this way to .see what the rooineks can do with all I heir little bits of iron and steel
a very great success only beloved by her father, mother and six brothers, but the entire
A Uod speaks softly in our breasts;
softly, yet distinctly, shows us what I ject, of course, is to vive crops their to hold by and what to shun.—Goe- food so they can take it up with the
Vs it is, improbable
im-
perial household is at her feet
greatest facility
No human being can come into this | **hown that phosphoric acid andd potash should lie used some weeks before sowing time and worked into the soil, so as to allow time for dissolu-
Experietice has
t he
It is very wonderful, but I am afraid that playing with the forces of nature in this way is just a trifle ungodly !"
Iliis little sprite can do with her father as she likes, and at the hour every morning she runs into his study and delights him with ins accomplishments from day today, ia 8l,ih as a new verse in French, German or English, or anything that she thinks will please him.
She is 5 years old, very blonde, with expressive blue eyes, and the utmost every moment of her til now unclouded life
same
world without increasing or diminishing the sum total of human happiness.—Eli hu Burritt.
var-
/
lion and dissemination. Nitrate of soda gives beet results when used « .
SUGGESTING THE COMBINATION.
What will you like for dinner today, Henry ?	*
Anything you please. 1 feel too blue to care what l eat.
You feel blue—and you look yellow. I’ll cook a mesa of greens foi you.
- JSHFi
lifei

TAPESTRIES UNIVERSAL
a top dressing after planting. There l be taste for tapestry is the craze |	nurt be any waste in using nit-
of the hour. They are used for ev-
%
rate ; an average dose of say
which is about right for grasses and grains, might be divided
into three parts, one third being top-squares. reproducing in text stitch dressed, just after seeding, and the	llltI<* da,,gbu-r a,e inseparable,
tlie paintings of Lanier and Wouver- other two portions at intervals of aDtl io lbl9 VV;ly lhe Utile one has be-man, are the latest for drawing rooms three or four weeks. The distribution C°me quite a ,raveler’ *nd she has with curtains and carpet* to match. | cail be mad* more uniform if the ma- " "e laudi than
225

f

try purpose under the sun. that hour pounds
furnishing* cm afford
enjoys to
THE GI RLE OK SPAIN
9
(
Seats and
un-


m
A taste for the best reading is not cultivated in Spanish girls, even where the treasures of that great Castilian literature are accessible to them. Convent education knows nothing of Calderon.
Love and religion are the only su Injects villi which a senorita is expected to concern herself. Hippiuess us thus made to h « ng on a chance. Even when a Spanish girl win. her crown of wifehood and moi h i hood, her ignorance and poverty of thought tell heavily against the most essential interests of family life.
The Sp.iuish girl is every whit as fascinating as her musical, cloaked gallant confides to her iron-grated lattice. Indeed, these amorous serenades hardly do her justice, blending as she does French animation with Italian fervor. In Andalusia, she dances with a grace that makes ev-
backs of chairs composed of small
The mot her
<
RATHER AMBIGUOUS.
Old Gent lernan—How old are you, my little man?
Newsboy—Nearly 7, sir.
Old Gent lernan—And how long have you been in the newspaper business? Newsboy—Ob, ever since 1 was a kid.

z

&
many a grown
person
A new plan, in library, dining room
teriul be. mixed with several times its
or living room* decorations, shows a | bulk of earth straight band of tapestry on either
5
SHOWED NO CONSIDERATION
The observance of such points as while I have been noted in this sketch is what across the top, framing these, there often regulates the margin of profit i* a straight cross band of Henry II. | oa the farm, style. They are lined m some heavy textile to match the color scheme of
side framing the window
At
A
*ny rate, said the thoughtful _ me.n and affairs, Lord Robe i ts hi» proved himself a mighty mean man.
m '
\
observer of

/
GOT THEIR FEES, ANYWAY

'/.'s
\
Me Jigger— Young Ur. Downs fa-
llow so? they asked
Why, he failed to follow the advice I Ce'“ly mad<’ ,5° io a gueMl,lg con-of the London
A
MILK CANS.
I When the system is used of setting milk in cans and allowing the cream to rise, then skimming off, necessitating the keeping and using of a considerable number of utensils, one of the most dangerous germs that can infest milk is that found in the old, soured milk in the seams, joints or corners of the pails or utensils used.
Of course, where proper care is taken in washing and scalding out these vessels this danger is avoided. But a little carelessness along this line and these germ* will be found plentifully and as under favorable conditions they develop very rapidly a good cause of much spoiled butter may be found.
Vessels should all be of good tin, should have as few seams and joints as possible, and should not be patched up to any considerable «extent;
tiie mom


/
test
it
:
newspaper war experts, and still went ahead and won, didn't
be? And Wasn't that mighty inconsiderate of him ? Just look predicament
f
%
Thingumbob—The only one who guessed correctly, eh?
Me Jigger—Oh, no, Two other doctors got the same, and all three Of them guessed wrung
called in consultation over a
BARELY REMEMBERED HER.
What has become, asked the occasional guest, of the pretty black-eyed girl who used to wait at that table over in the corner ?
What pretty black-eyed girl? frigidly inquired the young woman with the snub nose and prominent chin.
If 1 remember rightly she had a little bit of a mole on one cheek.
Oh, that girl with the blotch on her face ! 1 think somebody married her.

'
W

&
at the in which he has placed
You see, they
them.
were
patient
IN THE NEAR FUTURE.
Mis. Bull, of London—Isn't it un-
ieasonable to spend every night in
th«* weak .it your club?	I it is a mistaken notion, we are told,
ilr. Bull—But, my dear, it's a rifle that French women who have pasted club, and every patriotic Briton must their youth still cling to girlish modes, learn to shoot 1	I it is a fact that middle-aged women
dote on fluffs and frills, but the
ery other use of life seem vain. And
w h-n «toe bargains! There is nothing i *° niatcii. I he edges of the fronts sordid about it
FRENCH TASTE IN DRESSING.
are held together with narrow black
Her haggling is a social condescension I hat at once puts the black-eyed young salesman at
her mercy.
velvet ribbon straps and buttons. Sleeves of taffetas. Material required, taffetas, 20 indies wide, 5 yards.
, ON THE CARDS.	I French woman makes a particular
B'h. s.nd the Continental states- study of the fashions that suit her mm, it is quite true that the British style and age, and this understanding
arp ,IW,ely a nation of shopkeepers. Is just what keeps the French woman Just .so, replied his friend; and they appearing young. Juvenile gowns,
going to open a branch establish- I worn by women past their youth only u*ot in Pretoria
ONE OF HIS BITS Y DAYS.
I urn going io fight this blamed chills and Dwer, said ih« saffron hued mm, tc the bitter end!
And h* took bit regular dus3 of
quinine
TABLE APPOINTMENTS
NO reflection on the boys
Few things express so clearly the Senator Croesus say* he began life good taste and refinements of the | as a newsboy, household a* the table appointment*
h fill" une with feelings of content- I lhe boys Some black
Oh. well, we ought not to blame
sheep get
merit and pleasure to always have | into every line of business, you know.
are
serve to bring out age
###PAGE###3###
Stella It wm not the truth ; for Stella it was n mise ruble, mocking lie.
She lay moaning, " I want to see Lord Luahmar back / Oh,when, wtaou.whcn f"
She mobbed harwelf Into a feverimb, rerttltvie slumber, and she was delirious again that night.
Tihe doctor was much concerned when he came to wee her in the evening and was told how ehe bad recovered her aeivse fur a little while only to lose them again.
' Did you tall her anything f he aaked.
HOLY WAR THREATENED.
Î
weik to elt up awhile. I'll send B my
to you/'
“No, no, I don't want her Lord Liehmar. I eh ill go mad if 1 don't. see him!"
The dowager scaled herself In Betsy's vacant chair by tbe bed, un uwful figure, stern and terrible ae Fate itself.

elementary Mohammedan Instruction
through some zealous mom her of the
fraternity. Agrieeltere i»d plwtiiig NOHIH AFRICA THE SCENE OF THL of palms and olive trees is greatly encouraged by them, ind thus tba Grand Chief has been enabled to spgead M<
win iif slurb Were F-.rniiilrhir Than *k« Influence into every part of the M »-
"" —'<«• »- Min«
UNREQUITED LOVE.
I want
«
When will ha he
:
i
COMING CONFLICT.

BY M188 M. E. BHADDON
CHAPTER VI.—Continued
And honest Betsy, who set beside '*! will be very careful," said the her bed sewing, wondered that the
child, who had never recovered her
i'u* key. in Persia and India, in Algeri i While lh« whole civilized world Le *„d ligypl, the eyeterioue uiikn watching with unabated interest the regions of Centra) Africa and in dis remarkable events now transpiring in tant china, yea, even in Java and (ley C hina and prepares itself for new a of	fj;. influence is felt by every Mo
stirring episode and perhaps of Hitn- hammedan guinary encounters that may set Urn measurably brief time he whole Orient aflame, in the very heart any thing that id worth learning, md '*f Africa t* little movement has start- he is kept au courant of all avant* of ed, curiously analogous to, hut vastly importance in the world Hi* orders
more formidable than the Boxer move- are also transmitted in the shortest of merit in Cbm *
To Le Continued
thlld earnestly.
She reed the Inscription Inside : "To Stella, from her adopted father, LsAhiner, Midsummer day, 17M."
" That Is the beat of all," she said ;
) w II
senses, since the accident, should have this instinctive consciousness of an irreparable lues.
At last there came an interval in
K MATRIMONIAL MEDIUM
connu unity. In an ini-
le irns if
Slany Hurried lowplet Owe Their M*ppl ¦cm I» ¦ lir Turn of n Toiler? H heel.
answered Belay, f However true or false may be the
saying that "marriage is a lottery," it is undoubtedly true that many married couples owe their happiness or misery to the capricious turn of a
lottery-wheel.
“I shall always love the watch for that agony of delirium, The throng tny adopted father's sake.	j of spectres was clouded over by a
They were to start upon an eicur- gracious darkness. The weary arms •ion so*n after breakfast—an
Not a word,
" She wanted to see Lord Lawhmar dreadfully, but I told her he was out for the day and she seemed to heme ; but "he made herself very unhappy about him. She was so fond of him. poor dear ! And well she might
• <
excur- ceased to strain towards that unat-il-m planned in honor of the day. He ta in able point. The burning lids Ml kid lately bought a pair of horses, of over the aching eyeballs. A deep and lieve whUvh he was particularly proud, fine, healing sleep followed that feverish apstanding bays, an exact match in unrest ; and the patient woke to aolor, sise, form action and pace. He know the kindly face of her nurse for be was an admirable whip, firm, temper- the first time in ten long days and ate, with light hands and an unerring nights of fever eye. He loved horses and horaes loved
The Chief of l he Sell.
tune into the most distant regions. TltK NEW GRAND CHIEF.
After the death of the founder of
aussi Society declares tint he is about to declare a holy war against England
V
Only last year a fair Hungarian, a lady >f long lineage but abbreviated
"Ah, well, indeed !" said the doctor I111 “• m l,*e public offer if her hand
and heart as a lottery prize
in order to drive them furev-r from this society, which occurred in ISW, the Nile Valley. The Se no usai Society his youthful son, Si li el Mahdl el Mo. numbers ovtr 9.UU0.000 armed member*, h «mined ben Ali el Se no usai. bee. i nie aud the new Mahdi is able to put an Grand Chief
She
eîhakmg his head. "I'm afraid she thus arrn the best daye of her life, poor little thing."
" 1 um afraid she is in fur a relapse,* he said, " after be had taken her temperature. A hundred and five three-fourths. That looks bad. You must
He it n who has
secured the consent of th* Finance Minister of Hungary to sanction the issue of a lottery loan of 700,000 florins; each ticket was to he of the value of a florin, ami the owner of the lucky ticket was to be rewarded with her hand and a third of the spoil, an. othei third she was to retain herself, and i he balance was to be distributed among local charities.
11 says much for the courage of this enterprising lady that she was not deterred by the experience of another lady, also a meuilwr of an impoverished but high burn Spanish family, who. a few years earlier, bad offered herself in a similar way. In this case the lady w as neither very young nor I the highest very fiir, and that the lottery might political future of Africa, as well a* claim a holy .vir against i he infidels lack nothing of attractiveness on this for the war that sooner or later will the whoU* Morocco, between I>ke account, the winner was to have the,1*» waged between the Christian Pow. Tchad and the Mediterranean, will
She saw the sunshine of a Summer
army of 6,000,OOU soldiers into t he field, brought the society to Uuus and ammunition of I ho latest formidable strength, and he is regard, type are at bis disposal, and the work ed by his followers as the real and of Kitchener may be undone at any genuine Mihli Messius, who will deliv-moment.
its present
him
I he picnic baskets were packed, afternoon streaming in at her win-tot'* the phaeton in the stable yard dow.
and at eleven o’clock the carriage " li it my birthday f" she asked
simply. " Why didn't we go to Langs-
»*me round to the poiob Stella was ready in the hall, beam- I dale Abbey?"
Uig with happiness, the great dark And then, sitting up in her bed •yes shining out of the shadows nude ' very weak and white and wan, she by her broad-brimmed hat. Her stretched out her tremulous hands ah irt-waifited, white frock, broad blue I and asked; easli and lung wash-leather gloves, |	" Where is my watch ?"
made her look like one of Reynolds ehilAren.
J hole ii, however, bu1 lit1 le er lhe world of 1 dam from its pissent reason to doubt that the matters are humiliating position talcing a serious turn, amt as the fo|
As soon ai the
do all you can to keep her quiet. Give her Brand's essence and a teaspoonful of brandy with a little yolk of egg, alternate half hours You'll have to •iA up with her again to-night. "
"I don't mind I b it," said Betsy. "1 don't mind anything except hoaiing her uhk for Lord Lish.ui.ir.'
The doctor w.is right. Stella reentered the land of phantoms. This time her worst dream was of i va<t and «unless swamp, where never a tree or flower flourished; a place of desolation.; impassable, exhaling poisonous odors, brooded over by dark clouds, h semi-darkness worse ihm night.
From such a condition ns this she w is aroused by the howling of a I Summer storm in the great oaks, and the sharp rattle of the rain against the casement. This time Betsy was not at bind to he questioned.. Stella looked about the room wonderingly, slowly coming back from dreamland, slowly recognizing the facts of the external world.
Yes, It was her own room, that lightsome, airy < lumber, high up among the tree-tops and the swal-1 lows. The door leading into the sit-]
proper time comes—la his awe * >>i lowing Sut he. ten tic account of the time—he will aid Islam to regain i's Society of the tienou/tai and its aims lust splendor will show it is not the English domin- and of hn power is familiar to «-very ion in Egypt and the Soudan which is Mohammedan
file story of his riche*
M my a t m # me * threatened with the new danger, but order issued by this powerful Chief the I' ieueh expansion in C'euiral had sufficed to pi event a aungum u y
conflict between two M <h milled in
answered Betsy,
" Here, darling,' taking a little morocco cam from the dressing-table, delighted to be able to
There'* your
ittrll» took her seat beside Lord Lash-in ir hi the phaeton, Gabriel Veruer mounted behind and the groom leapt lightly lu his place wbon the horses wore iu full motion. The bays wont with a certain springiness which told Lash mar they were very fresh,
' Were those horses exercised yesterday ?" he asked of the groom.
" No, my lord, not yesterday. Smile* knew your lordship wanted them for a journey."
“Were they out the day before?"
“ No, my lord. Smiles thought the weather were too bad."
The bays were going «pieididly. L*-hmui kept them well in hand, and they bowled merrily along the high road outside the castle. They had fifteen miles before them.
" What nice horses," said Stella, enjoying the pace.
" Bo you like them better than Py-rainus aud This be ?"
" By ram us and This be are darlings, but these go faster, don't they ?"
" Yes, they are going faster to-day."
They had driven three or four miles in the morning sunshine, be- i tween hedgerows, full of eglantine aud honeysuckle, past a picturesque Mid-dhtfthire village, with its tumble-down half-timbered cottages, in black and ] while, its uutidy straw yards and mouldering barns.	!
About a hundred yards from the village, the road made a sharp curve aud Lord Lash mar aaw himself face to face with that which might mean danger.
A traction engine in full cry, snorting, panting, groaning—a traction en- | glue serving as a tug for a huge wagon of hay, which loomed large above fct. The groom stood up and uttered of Liiass inarticulate crie* which are as a common language of the stable. The men in charge of the engine tried to abate the fury of their mon-

Africa,
I #
A DESCENDANT OK THE PROPHET potentate* in distant pail* of Africa. The Society of the Senousai is one of There U not the
importance for the doubt ih it when h • sees fit to pr >-
gratify her patient pretty waloh pretty one! And ain’t you lucky to j have a watch, just like a grown-up
Usn't it a
Oh, my
« i«t shadow of *
young lady I"
The weak little hands wavered as they took the watch, the exhausted frame sank helpless on the bod, but the child held I he watch before her eyes all the time, and the tremulous fingers contrived to open the case
" Read it," she said, faintly ; and Betsy spelled out the inscription "l'o Stella, from her adopted father, Lash-mar." "Oh, isn’t it beautiful 1'" exclaimed Betsy, and then she began to
option of declining her band whilst ®r<1 and the Mohammedan world. Thin arvm at his bidding sharing the money prize, amounting society was founded in 1855 in the Oasis th* Scuou^ai is a [mwei which must to h ilf a million florins, with her. | of Djerabub. Its founder was Mohan*. U* reckoned with by ev« ry «rata The winner of the prize was, by a	Died Beil All el Seno tissu an Arab and	and count iy wit h colonial a-pi rat i
curious ca price of fortune, u coat h-	direct descendant of the prophet, and	in the Mohammedan Africa
man who, in more flourishing days,	a native of Algeria. In the early thir-	many, with hei vast Mb mime Ian
h ul been in the employment of the	ties he left his native land, breathing	population; Frame, with her M«di milady's father; and to her dismay he	vengeance against the French invail-	in lari colonies; Lng. md, wit h her
insisted on marrying her. The mar- ers, and swearing for himself and his Islamite dependencies, must reck m riage was disastrous: the husband descendant* eternal war against the l with this powerful chief, w h *s« m-squ m de red every florin of her dowry I infidels. For many years be preached fluence ca nnot be over -t an a-d. I ke in the coarsest dissipation, and ulti- and taught at Mecca and in Egypt, ' his father, Si d i el Mihdi is * mm if mutely deserted her after treating | until in 1852 he settled down at Djera.. exemplary piety and ascetic mod" >f her with the greatest brutality
At Smolen k in Russ a, t he lottery is | and adherents who had been attracted between the a recognised in itrimonial
and every three mouths a local beauty I world by the gz » tation for piety est In comme roe, igricult ure ind n-
tingM	oom	was	half open,	and	there	1us u prize. The tickets, of	ami wisdom which the sage enjoyed.	du-tr>s of every k-n I have only s‘i /e*l
were	p«*opJe	talking, she	hid	Leu d	|	wbi(q, (here are 5.000, are of the value |	Here he foun e 1 t h • Society of th** S n	to strengthen h..i influence
their voices amidst the rattle of the
1 he Society >t
ms
tier-
cry
" Don’t cry," said Stella ; “‘there is nothing to cry for."
She lay for some moments looking at her watch, holding it in both hands as if it were too heavy for one. Then .she put it to her ear aud found that
huh, surrounded by hundreds of pupils life. Bis endeavors to promote p• i *
various Moha inur'd in
medium I from every part of the Mob amine I an tribes of Xfric i. to fm t h u • he inmr-
it was mute.
" A quarter ta twelve." aba said Why did it atop at a quarter to I rain and t he bluster of the stoi in
of a rouble, and the winner thus	ousai, which h is liecoma i he most m-
aecurcs a wife dowered with 5,000	fluential and powerful Mohammedm
"Shall	you send her away?	asked	roubles. It is, however, within the	secret society in the world
it manly	voice, rich and full,	a voice	girl’s power to decline to marry him ;	of this society is to rid the Islam of
that was not altogether unfamiliar,	and in this ev**nt she shares the lottery	all the lattar admixtures and irupuri-
‘ No. I	shill keep her here.	I con-	money equally with the disconsolate	tics, and restore it
aider that a sacred du' y. foi poof Winner
Hubert's sake. But 1 shall try to re- A few years ago the great Christmas [prophet. Every piece of territory pur bis sad mistake in the manner lottery, which is one of tho chief where Islam had reigned supreme is of rearing hcr. I shall bring her up annual excitements in Spain, was re- to be reconquered under the dominion as a child otf the lower classes ought sponsible for t strangely romantic of Islam. The organization is an to be brought up. I >h H train her wedding. One day a weary and tatter, ceedingly strict one. Whatever else to be useful, a bread-winner among ed traveller called at a wayside inn on may have been the failings of t he o^her breudz-w inner*." '	I the outskirts of Cuenca and begged founder of this order, he was an
for a drink of wine, saying that he	organizer of th* very first rank. All
had noth ng to offer in payment	brethren are bound to keep the atrict-
except a torn and dirty lottery-ticket est secrecy in all matters concerning which he hid picked up on the road a the society. Unconditional obedienc few miles a wav
THE SECRET OF DAMASCUS.
twelve ?"
Ill t ami
Again Betsy dissolved into tears.
" Shoosh, dear," she murmured, pat-
Hnnv tVoni|i»r ul lltirn nrttU Mure Kn ffhlly Bee* Brought • * l/gtaf.
In reference to the recent discovery of Syriac and Culm documents. 1.000 years old at Damascus, the following additional details, .showing the manner of tiie discovery, nny pio-y o( interest. Some time ag' tbs ArnVf in os que was burnt down ; the government began rebuilding if a few weeks ago, and in the process, tfiei clearing away some of the rubbish, they found iu the outer court i email building with a dome resting on four col-1 umns.
On opening this they found the I hive boxes of parchments, which con-Med of revenue accounts, a Greek Bible, Rom»* Syriac books, one of which when opened by th** Syr: ir patriarch was found to be in attack on the Bible and the Gospels, and lastly the Koran in Cufic writing.
Cufa was an old city, older even than Bagdad, where the most .skillful copyist* of the Koran congregated, in the days of Malmmmed, whence tbs
ting Stella1* shoulder, " go to sleep, my pet, till the doctor comes to see Lei Betsy put the pretty watch
to the uncompromising simplicity of I he time of the
you
under your pillow."
" 1 don't want to sleep any more. I want to get up and be dressed ; you know it's my birthday and I am to be all day with Lord Lash mar. How late the sunshine looks—like after-Have I overslept myself ?"
“ You have been very ill, very ill answered Belay in a soothing
<‘X-
noou
Sho knew i lie face and figure lo which tlie voice belonged, the tall ' I and stately Conn, the strongly marked brows and aquiline nose “Rather rough upuu her, poor little wretch, after having been so pampered/'
"That is poor Uul>erL s fault, not
dear
preachy-preachy tone, "you are much too weak to get up. You shall have your Brand’s essence presently and a nice little bit of toast.”
to
the commands of th»* Gr.md Chief of The buxom, dark-eyed daughter of I the society, as w ell as religious venen the innkeeper, who served him, good- tion of his person as the représenta humouredly offered to take the ticket live of the Prophet, mutual assistance discharge in full;" and when in case of need and the most devout
one
" But it's my birthday," urged Stella, "and 1 am iodine with his lord-
l«
mine,” replied her ladyship coldly
of those silly ®he discovered that it bore the num- piety are the chief rules of the society
which represented not
ship ’
•Well, it was one
"My poor pet, your birthday was I things which your very clever men ten days ago, a week before the fun-J ttrti m do,' said the other voice. | only the date of her birth, the 12th eral," answered Betsy
•tor
ber 12,473
MOfI AM M ED AN C l LT UR E
Too late! The horses were off—all their reserve force in full action, bolting is fast as they could bolt.
“ Sit firmly, for God's sake, Stella ; the horses are running away," said
Laabmar, and then to those behind, | Starting up in her bed with a scared not half so interesting
Look.	I riil of a nuisance, and i hoie will be
She was so weak that cold drops a better chance of her miking a good ! expect you to marry me," the refresh-1 they do not touch any alcoholic liquors.
broke out upon her brow in the agita-I housemaid than if she is allowed to wayfarer said, w ith a laugh. 'Oh, The spread of Mohammedan culture is
certainly," the girl answered. "I will |another of the duties and aims—and promise that.”
The sequel of this strange and true ' j story w as that the ticket thus lightly
The brethren do not wear distingu
I took an intense, dislike to the brat I April, 1*73. hut, by	adding	the	nuru- I Lshing garments, but they	can easily
from the Hour poor Lish brought her bers, her own age	of seventeen, sho	make themselves known to	each other
home, like some Strayed mongrel aud i declared confidently	'hit it	was	suie	by means of secret s gm.	1 hey have
You'll get 11° win a prize.*'	renounced the use of tobacco aud of
"If it wins the first prize I shall |coffee, and as good Mohammedans |tvharaotera of the Arabic alphabet
used by them came to be known is
The word was spoken unawares.
" What funeral ?" cried Stella
• Verner, keep your seat, whatever happens. John, try to hold Miss Stel-
" Cufic
considered to be more than 1,000years
llie.se parchments then are
U
stay bore, wlere she’ll always reinem-" Go to sleep, pel," she pleaded ; I her Li sinner's idiotic indulgence.1 "tiie doctor wouldn't like you to talk "1 have told you that 1 mean to so mucJi. Lie down and go to sleep, bnug her op under
11	rejoined her ladyship, in
" What funeral ?" repeated Stella. | voice.
"Is anybody dead?"
Betsy only patted the child's shoulder dumbly, with streaming eyes.
" Who is dead ? Nut Mr. Verner ?
Oh, he was so good to me. He is not dead, is he ? "
"No, dear, no; Mr. Verner is quite well. He wasn’t hurt at all, poor, dear gentleman," answered Betsy.
"He wasn't hurt ! Who was hurt, then ? Was anybody hurt 1/ cried Stella.
" You were hurt, my poor precious.
You fell on your dear little head."
Stella gave a scream and flung her arms round Betsy’s neck Memory returned in a flesh.
tion of the question
old
The groom wound bis arm round the child's waist. bbe was looking at Lash-mar's face, silent, awe stricken. How
millions of dollars are spent by them
annually in nuil ting little mosques I heard of this find, he took possession
and schools in distant and out-of-the- | the parchments
them, and sent the originals on to
Constant inople.
When the governor, Nazeux Hash*.
photographed

my uv\u eye
a ten aide ! exchanged for a drink did a, m illy
win the first prize, amounting to the
pale he was, and how tightly bus lips were set ! Yet he did not look fright- | *<WAjr;. eued, only grave, intent, anxious.
" Are we all going to be killed ?" she asked tremulously.
" We are in God's hands, my darling," he answered.
Had there been e clear road the
bolting uf the horses would have been u* nothing with such a whip as Lash-
wav villages, where they provide fur
English equivalent of £? 5,000; and when the wayfarer again called at the inn and claimed his promised reward he found the innkeeper’s daughter ns good as her word.
"1 shall bring her up under my ow n she repeated "1 shall see that
that
Plain Truth Plainly Told
eye
she is taught properly, ami above all she learns to forget her foolish childhood, and to understand her position as a friendless orphan, who must learn to earn her daily
By plain, everyday people who believe in Dr. Chase’s Remedies because they have been actually cured by using them.
TIMES TO HE CHEERFUL.
When we are thoroughly tired and discouraged, then is the time to be really cheerful. Cheerfulness under blue skies and sunshine may only he a reflection of the cheeriness of the surroundings. It is the gray day and the hard road that test the real courage and sunniness of the soul.
byead."
"A friendless orphan!
Stella, in a faint whisper
Of whom were they talking? >he asked herself. Could it be of her?
And now her ladyship was talking about a fiiendless orphan who bad been brought up foolishly.
"She will hive to begin a new life as soon as she gela well."
"Ai soon as she gets well,* repeat ed Stella. Yes, it was of her they
mat
repealed
Bui the road was narrow and they hid to pass that huge bulk of the hay wagon and the engine. The drivers were dragging their load as far as they could towards the hedge, but there was little time fur this, with those frightened horses tearing away •A a mud gallop. Lashmur was holding them firmly, keeping ' them fairly straight ; but just as they neared the eugiue. it gave one final snort ; the off-horse swerved, the pole snapped and both horses fell in a heap, drugging the phaeton over in their fall.
Black night closed over Stella's dreams, ending this birthday of her# in deepest darkness before it was novo.
The persons who wrote the follow- f relief. Hearing of Ur. Chase's Kidney-
Liver 1’ills. I procured a box, apd they have cured me of this longstanding complaint. I don't have to iisr them any more at all. which gum* to .«how that the cure is complete and permanent."
l-ng letters did so in order that you might profit by their experience. If you want further particulars regarding any case here mentioned, the writers will gladly answer your enquiries. A test of any of Dr. Chase's Remedies will convince you of their merit.
ITCHING BODY S0RE8.
Mr. Ghss. K. Moms, Berlin, Ont.,
REASON AND INSTINCT
Of course, you consider reason higher than instinct.
I can't say that I do. invariably, answered the blunt citizen. 1 have
WEAKNESS.
" The horses !” she cried ; "yes, 1 remember
Ob !
those
Mr. W. H. La Blanc, B infield. Out., writes " 1 was once a sufferer from catarrh, aud while using Dr. Chase's Catarrh Cure 1 was recommended to use also Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food to build up the system. 1 have found it the best preparation for strengthening the body that I ever used nerves were exhausted, and 1 was t * weak to do a day’s work when I began u lng it, and now am strong and healthy, and feel real well. 1 am perfectly sure that anyone who usee Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food will believe ae I do, that It Is the best strengthens and restorative obtainable."
Imitators of Dr. Chase's Remedies do net dare t# reproduce his portrait a&d *4*nature which ere to be found everv box of his geoutse remedies At all dealers, or KdmesssSL seise A Go , lores**
dreadful
horses. Lord Lashmar drove so well; but I thought we were going to be killed. He was not hurt, was he ? Ask him to come to me; I want to see Lord Lashmar, directly, directly."
Those large dark eyes of here were growing wilder and wilder. She tried to got out of bed, pushing aside Betsy's restraining arms " Ask Lord Lashmar to come to Let me go to Lord Lashmar."
Lord Lashmar is out, love," said the frightened Betsy ; "Lord Lashmar has gone to Brumm for the day on particular business."
It was true. It was literal truth whack the had spoken and yet for
were talking.
She clasped her hand» in an agony of despair. She called out in a faint scream, too weak to cry aloud, as it
ia a nightmare
met many a man whose reasoning writes ‘My child, six months old, powers enabled him to argue by the wa* a terrible sufferer from itching
'«»" "¦* r.“ “.“"aX’,
instincts of a gentleman.	We tried many remedies recumm nded
but they had no effect. Having read of Dr. Chase’s Ointment, I decided to try it, and am happy to say that she was completely cured before the first box was all used."
struggling
were dream
"Lord Lashmar, Lui d Lash marl"
A facs—a bright young face, handsome as Apollo's—looked in at, the door —only for a flash. It give way at the next instant to the stern coun-
M j
i
AN EXPLANATION.
Mist ress—Why, Jane, what in the world is the matter with the cream? Jane—I don’t see anything wrong
tan a nee otf the dowager.	wl(L it, ma am.
"Are you awake, child?' (the asked Mistreaa-But what makes it so
"Please ask Lord Lashmar to name pa lei to me." cried the girl piteously.	Jaoe-I reckon that's because 1
"What do you want with Lord Lash- nearly beat the life out of it when mkr* Lie down, child: you are too1 you ordered it whipped, ma'am.
After the sudden extinguishment of the actual world, there came one long
me
CONSTIPATION.
Mr». W. H. Fisher, Preston, Ont., states "I can recommend Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills for Constipation. I was troubled for about nies years, and have spent hundreds of dollars with doctors and for remedies 1 heard of, but they failed to even give
dream of horror. One long dream,—a dream without awakening, yet a vise entangled that it was, as it
• l
#wo
were many dreams within one dream. Never to see him again," she
I •
moaned ; " never te see him again loo far fee tar I*
###PAGE###4###

#0 THIS
MASSEY HARRIS WARE-ROOMS *******
. . . SHAWVILLE . .
for public men to disregard their promise?, to kick over the platform they had been elected on, and to do themselves all the things they had condemned others tor doing.
And on this record they will shortly appeal to the electors for a judgment.
—Montreal (« izette.
THE EQUITY.
THE MARKETS.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 73v.
Oats per liusliel. LNl to 27c,
I Vast* per bushel. (X) to lk)e. Kggs, per dozen, llv Butter, per pound. CIO to It to. Wool, per pound, 10 to 18v. Belts, each, 15 to 7.V.
(' ilfskins, lo to ,Vlv.
SHAWVILLE, JULY 19, 1900.
And Remember It I
o
EDITORIAL NOTES.
C
ENTRAI,
ANADA
Exhibition
Association
Ottawa, Cat.
See our
School Meeting
From the present outlook it is i xpeeled
there will be a good demand for l ana
. i l. ihv ui'h *Uy ot July, Hk «. I'.immlH.slonrra dian hay this year, owing to a b;g elioit-1 plVNVnli ,* m.	loim m iiodgiu*.
age in the crop in the old country as well
as the United States.
Mve'tmr of Schoo' i'omml>sl(mvrs heUl on
action Grinder.
Rohvrl	nml I’ A Watiimnn.
The Chairman, \V A HodghiH, having svnt lu h 1m ivs.«nation, H xvas nu»eit t»y com lu>nu’ibuu, tiuXt John llodaln» do take the
. i MU'. Moved In Hiiu'tiil'm'ni Iw von, II...»-	H,.ai- |’„n of I.ot (Ion the 7th Range ,.f
........™ ' rr ssE,ES5Erz::
bcrguson ami a determination tint lie sce-ireaMuer a so bvln< present.	nml m a state of vulttvat ion. Iloii-v, Igi
would not be side-tracked, another piece	"""""	""" ;
of jobbery—this time m connection with „,^r\"ww°,’eàu’!'be® «veipl’èd ' «*.Aëo moî.'	' AMu-S ,:lt:AV,1!; „ ,
—Carried.	1	" uimvuu i . u. I
Mow 1 bv rom HodgluM, that the resignation ot XV X lhuliiiiH. us School commis don-
I
FARM FOR SALE.
#
r
It will grind your knives in less time without taking any temper from the steel, than any other Grinder on the market to-day.

» t
Tlio.lr.ii
for t ho holding of mu KxhiMti this year are from
on
Mr. l’iair'a administration vf the Inter*
colonial Railway !. i> lwn brought t
light. The fact, show that legitimate |	tbU H,’ara
Teachers Wanted.

Mo\vd by com T A Walunnn. that Mr n F Ht> 'g us V*	: t Hein "l < ommla
cm m cut for the supply i f lubricating oils > loner tiHva.l « i \v a Hodgtus, who has rv-
fur the railway were cancelled by Mr. Meeting adjourned, lilair immediately after he assumed
contracts entered into by tho late tiov*
W anted I \xt> Protestant t Elementary Diploma* to "vvtion No. 1 and 2. in the township of l	Address,
eis with ieat u in school
Entries close 13th Sept.
H I XNO,
Stc TrtNiMircr
COLD
MEDALS
II. II. SEAM AN.
r Lake, Que.
A few of our
Shaw ville
1 u 1 v 17-.li. 1
Ott
chared of the department, and tlie j >b of
supplying the oils was given by him to j clarendon School Commissioners, another tirtn, the manager of which had taken an active part on behalf of the Liberals in the Queen's county elect it n, at a figure which has cost the country many thousands of dollars more than would have been the case under the c m-
• t
Celebrated No. 7 powers
Teacher Wanted.
in list M Spec ial Prize* I
T vn lh 1. Shaw ville, *20 : h June, 1000.
Hoard if School Commissioners « f C.arend >n me* this day. Members present, Kaiph Hudgins, Esq , Chairman; Commissioners, John Grant, Robt. Suait and Jas, Armstrong.
Minutes of last meeting read.
Moved by Robt. Smart, seconded by John Grant, that the minutes of last meeting as now read be and are hereby confirmed.—Carried.
Moved by Jaa. Armstrong, seconded by Robt. Smart, that H. T. McDowell be paid $10.00 for his attendance at school house No. 4, during the year.—Carried.
Moved and seconded, that we adjourn until 1 p. m., Wednesday tint.—Carried.
The Largest List of Specials offered by any Exhibition !
Teacher Wanted for S. S. No. 1. Ahifleh! l>is>. with third class elementary diploma, for a term of seven months. Untie * to commence Sept. 1st. Apply, stating salary to	K. T. MARTIN,
still on hand
o-
No effort will he spared to make this ye.u s Exhibition the best exer held by the Association.
The grounds and buildings are now in excellent condition and up to date In every respect.
SMART & SMITH.
Sec. Trois Ladysmith, Que.
tracts of the late government.
• »
Dr. Wood, Collector of Customs at St.
John’s, Que., stands in peril of losing his position under the Government because he informed a Pro Boer named Potvin,
(who had expressed the hope that our soldiers now serving in Africa would all be shot and that none of them would ever return,) that the British had hung several June 27 th. — Adjourned meeting relike him (Potvin) in 1837. and tint they *umed' Men l’*r' lire,enl' R‘!Vh. H ,d'
ought to have h.vnged more. The Dr». jchn Grant and Robt. Smart.
remark called forth tierce attacks upon Moved by Robt. Smart, seconded by
him from La Patrie and Le Canada by J hn Grant, that if .’as. C. Armstrong
Française newspapers. These attacks promised t Miss Ivtrkwocd two wetk. at . . •	.	. A	,	, i Xmas, the .Vc -lreas. is hereby instruct-
prompted him to write a letter to a local j ed t0 ,ell!e with her and ,,ay her.-Car
newspaper, explaining what he did say,
and the circumstances connected w incident.
subject of a debate in Parliament, the matter having been introduced by Mr.
Monet, who wants to have Dr. Wood dis
MO DIFFERENCE.
P. S. Binder Twine, good quality at low prices.
0
The fact that the name of
our place of business has been changed from Park man to Starke's Corners makes no difference with us.
We are still in the oht stand, doing husi ness on the same fair, square dealing lines and over ready to meet the requirements of our customers.
will be the best that money
can procure.
Modern and Realistic Spectacular
|g||| Patent Express
During t lie present season we wish to direct >pe. ial attention to our
NEW AND COMPLETE
STOCK OF
Battle of Paardeburg
Buggy Wheels and Surrender of Cen-
ritKl.

m

and
Moved, sec tided ai d carried. that we viv.i. 1 p. m., if Siturday, July Carried.
h the
This letter has been made the 2 ’’ v,r‘\
• Di 1 i
i
vN
4 l
//J
/
Summer
' IX
mm
/
(Tired or not)
At Bottom Prices.
6ü]cBGUGAlL and GUINEAS Hardware Stores,
Sussex and Duke Streets. Ottawa.
ThU i" t In* famou* battle in which our
Canadian* took such a pronvinvnt and effective part.
it.r See the Matt Je r- produced on the Ex-hd ’‘ion (ï round*.
Ju’y 7th, l'JOO. —A j urtie.i meeting n stmied. Members present, Ralph H -dt imirman ; Commissioners b'l.n tirant, K ’vert Smart and Jas. Arm
Goods
E

missed because his loyalty impelled him to remark to a 1> -vr sympathiser that the British hung several like him in Is *7, and ought to have hanged more. Mr. « p od. M -net’s demand for Dr. Wood's t dl: .1
1 «
*
strong.
Minutes ¦ f hat meeting real and
" hid
i assortment tlu* market, to recum-
ei
IN
1
au-
o
i I
% >
*i 1 \ m ml tile!
uatn usiomers.
ex
Reduced Rates
on all lines of travel.
Mi verl 1 y J.is Vmstri :
1 by
Giant, that the teachers be paid* i e according t> c ntract.—Car ,

UCt
4 John
M
head, makes it appear as if he indu ltd .
full t: c n- i nvd.
himself among these wh m the Dr side red deserving the fate vf the rebels if an l the fun vf it is Dr. W > id is -j ;i:e satistied that all and sundry whom the cap tils shall wear it; and if the govern-
TEAS! TEAS !

MCMULLEN’S
POULTRY NETTINGS and LAWN FENCINGS
! For Prize I write
• •
infoi.
t ion
Moved! y K !* Kmart, ate tided by Jas. V Armstrong, that M. j * Cvirigan
sweeping and scrub-it:g and lighting tires in school No. f r the year.- (	Ala • Miss Wt
ment sees tit to dismiss him on the head etta Armstr. ng, £12.(;3, f r school N ».
1- . vL Miea Corngat :;•?>. :.
Mi s >ly §12.i*), fur acho 1 N Carried.
M.-ved
ui
9 0 9
MoiL of Teas Mann unsurpassed in juality and price. 1: will pay you to give them a trial.
0 • •
> • 1 •»
$
Oil!
if 12.00 for
U
E. McWAHCN, Sec‘y,
2 » Spr.rks Street,
OTTAWA.
11
i)

Are not Surpassed in the World.
>
fT


SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE'S CORNERS.


Wm. fyiTSHJSO.l, ft*. P.
T. C. BATE

ami
10.—
m ' " i ïi::ir iv
ma Wire Fntiiu
i f the incident he will v.ut c- nsider it any i dishonor. It vl be interesting now tv
Pivd lent.
Ti vaMirvr.
11
RH

crxH
I». s.
S: i ?f as*i:\-Hah ms Co’s Shi vials
ON HAUI t A AM) 1 H <)) Pl’.lZi: LlKI'.
await the result < f the inquiry inti the
matter which S.r Wjlfr d has promised, y ! bt. Smart, that Mrs. A It will determine the scope of the in- aL * *8 ^L‘reW'
lUenco that geutry „( the ,yr, V None, ^	paid », addi-
and 1, >urasaa are capable of exercising tjv a! for pine, and whitewashitig.-Car-over the government of the moat imp rt- rkd.
Armstrong, seconded
Thomas exempt from paying ! Nj. 7, for*the past
l y .his
-ful
f
r I
Hi

PONTIAC
Ui ON
I 4
ale Bros
HOC FENCING.

M yed ly .his. Armstrong, seconded by John G ant, that the Chairman and;
Robt. S
ifing the ach Carried.
M ved by R v>
These Goods are all manufactured by the Ontario Wire Fencing Co., Limited, of Piéton, Ont.
ant British colony.
"att be paid 8H OO each for vis-)îs twice during the year.—
• 4
The Record.
Al“ Practical
Tinsmiths
= SHAWVÎLLE
y the Hardware Mvrchar I y the Canadian H.irewar, ÜKX. AGENTS :
1
i
The Liberal convention at O 1893 viewed with alarm the increase in the public debt, and contre Hat le exj n ituro and constituent undue taxation < f j tion < f scho 1 ci mmissiouers next Muti-the people under the IrVo Government, day. !' !: inst.—Carried.
Sir L mis H. Davies said about the same M ved by ,1 as A mist r r.g, seconded time that several millions c >u!d be h'pptd ‘ y K bt. Smart, that Mr. C. Caldwel eft tho then expenditure without i: jury board bill be $ aid w hen we have funds and t > the public st i
Mr. Charlton said the Liberal party on getting into power would effect savings to the extent vf 80.000,000 pLir annum.
Sir Wilfrid Lturier said that in power the Liberals would reduce the expend ituro “two—yes, three millions of dollar*
Jobber*,
* ( i. tilWIlillZ \\ l
MILLS.
¦ . Smart, seconded by • ' bn Grant, cl.at the Cuairman be and is hereby app ir.ted to preside at the elvc-
iv i m
re* s
: * f «	’.
a r
r i î
i j
t>. o
Vg«*nt for Railway I Vnving : dames Voopi-r, M
Ith M
• V
O
1
fcF C
.
ice
n ici

iivc

This well-known and reliable establishment will be found this season fully prepared as usual to meet the requirements of the farmers of the county.
J
Wanted £eT~f„t
t i
4 f
ru well equipped to supply «11 t!u* demand » of
\
looked over.—Carried.
At this juncture the b ar 1 :\dj• urned.
H. Matheson, •Treasurer.
TIN-: Si KiNC AND SVMMER TRADE with a complete stock of all r.e( v»:My articles in
Sec
VICTORIA.
An experienced canvasser, or a man with good character and address, with the necessary ability to travel from town to town and appoint agents. No canvassing. Salary and expenses paid.
tion pei ma lient and promotion according to merit.
The Bradley-Carretson
Our stock of Ciotl]
I think Poppy must have died, so I
Sir Richard Cirtwrigh: cursed and said think I will write and let you hear fr he considered a yearly expenditure of Victoria once more, forty million dollars altogether too large. The hum of the mower is heard in th\s He idded that it was a gra •, and a | section once shame to ask for $38,300,000 a year for federal purposes.
lion. Mr. Mulock said there was nothing to warrant an expenditure of nearly $38,000,000.
tion. William Paterson said the Conservative (f jvenment was taking $0,110,•
OOO more in taxes out of the people than it should.
tion. David Mills said the Government of the country might be carried on for a very much smaller sum than that which was being taken out of the pockets of the people.
Tnen, in 1800, the people put cut the Government that had thus beeu condemned as extravagant, and those who had been condemning became themselves the Government.
TIN and AGATEWARE.
a year.
cm
Including all the finest makes in
Orders for Special Articles will receive promt attention. Tin Roofino a specialty,
more.
L >oks like business around the brick yard. 1 see Dave is making quite an ad dit ton to his house.
Mbs Nora S
at present visiting friends toria.
Miss Pella D de and Miss Elith Hod-gins left last Monday f r a few weeks’ visit among their friends in Br.ies.de, Arnprior and Renfrew.
Mr. dimes Leitch went to Montreal last week.
Quite a number of young people attended the party at Mr. ti. Wallace's, last Tuesday evening, and report having spent a very enj - yable time.
Quite a pleasant time was spent at the house of Mr. J. J. Hodgins Wednesday.
when the Templan gathered together
The expenditure on all accounts had spend their last evening with Mbs J. been running about $42.000,000 a year; Currie. The evening was whiled away in 1890 it was $41,702,803.	in games of all kinds, while supper was
In 1807 it went up to $42,072.000; in j served by the younp ladies, after which a IS.is it was $45,334.000; m 180!) it was very appropriate address was read by Mr. $51,542,000; in 1900 it was up to $53,- T. Corrigan. Miss Currie was then pre-000,000, and for 1901 power has been sented with a handsome guld bracelet, taken that may run it up to $00,000,000. signed on behalf of the Good Templars, Not $7,571,000 as promised by Mr. Pa- as a token of their love to one who has terson, not $5,000,000 as promised by departed from them.
Mr. Charlton, not three or even two | Miss
SERGES TWEEDS, WORSTEDS
&c. &c.
1
Posi-
merville, of Renfrew, is
a d V
f
X/Oey Limited,
HIGHEST PRICE PAID
BRANTFORD, ONT.
)
for CalGkins, Sheep Pelts and Cowhides.
Mention this paper.
\x ill he found choice and complete in every respect, and at money-saving prices.
A CAR KEEL INSPECTION INVITED.
.303 Calibre.

A. HODGINS,
PROROPRIETOR
T* *5*1

K
Savage Magazine Rifle.
Public Notice.
t
t(
Province of Quebec, t Municipality of Clarendon, t
Public notice is hereby given to all pro-	,	, . . ,
urietors of real estate nnd resident house 114 meat mid safest rifle ever made holders of this Municipality, that the collec-	for large or small game.
......
Ity has been made and completed, and that It now Is and will remain In my possession for Inspection by parties Interested, during thirty day*from this notice, during which time i' may he amended. Any Ratepayer may during the said delay complain of such roll, which shall be taken Into consideration and homologated with or without amendment at the mtel!ng of Commissioners to take place at the Town Hall, In the village of Shaw ville, at the hour of ten In t lie morning, of Monday, the twentieth clay of August, nineteen hundred ; but such delay expired It shall come Into force, aud every person In terexted, after having taken cognizance thereof If he so desires, shall pay the amount of hi* taxes to the undersigned at his cttlee within the twenty day* following the said delay of thirty days without further notice.
Given at Shawvllle this seventeenth day of July, nineteen hundred.
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Only Hmeries Smokeless 6-Shooîer.
V. 9. AMERICA.
On-1 rifle take
I» . n, , t;x different cartridges 1 oin Blank Litige for Hunting.
- *

Boera May Settle In Texas.
Austin, Texas, July 12 —The Southern Pacific Railway Company owns over (*>,-1)00,000 acres of land in Texas that donat ed by tho state as a subsidy for the budding of the Galveston, Harrisburg and San Antonio and other roads. A prominent official of the Pac-tic Company, who here to-day, said that negotiations for the colonizition of several thousand Boers in these lands promised to result fully. It is proposed to locate the first colony in Valrerde and Brewster counties.
Rev. l ather Paradis is suing the town
of Sturgeon Falls for 800,000 damages for a Itgei defamation of character.
The statement is made that tho Ontario Government is disposing of its Central prison output of twine to the farmer
at three cents per pound less than he has to pay for the Dominion Government's Kingston penitentiary brand. The diff the cos» represents the price the farmer is called upon to pay for the Government* friendship towards certain
peuple. It is only one instance.—Montreal Gazette.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
I	I I ¦ J. Currie, accompanied by her
millions as promised by Sir Wilfrid sister, Miss F., left for their home in Laurier, not even the indefinite sum aug- Montreal last Thursday morning, gested by Mr. Mills, has been lopped Miss Clara and Master Percy Hodgtns
off.	are at present visiting friends in the vie in-
Over ten millions a year has been ity of Parkmati and Victoria.
added on.	Miss Annie Cuthberteon spent a few
Then, when the Opposition called at- days last week the guest cf her tention to the failure to keep the pledgee | Misses Jessie and Bella Hodgins. the minsters had made, and which their ' What delayed the train list Thursday patty had endorsed, the Liberal repre- 1 evening at Aylmer ? Try and say good-eentstives in Parliment rose to a man and J bye quicker next time G.—E voted that it was, in their minds, proper
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special 1HA0E PRESS.
The Canadien Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardwire and Mete I Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller end Stationer,
Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO.* Limited
was
cousins,
erence in
success
HUGH MATHESON, Sec.-Treasurer-
Gipsy.

# •
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
W ANTRD—Hone*& man or woman to 1rs* ,-ff vel large houne ; Mulnry month-iy and expvhnv», with lneri'ane ; punition permanent : Inclose ?vil-H«t«ln*sHVfl Ntamped
envelope. MaNA(«I:h, m tax ton bhlg. Chicago.
Monday, July 16% 1900.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
rciir.fMiiki> icvrnv tiivhmoay AT BHAWVILLE, to. PONTIAC, qUK.
SUBSCRIPTION—$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
j&T No paper «topped until nil arrearage* v paid, unies* by special arrange meut with tiblleher.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
Court Shawville,
No 270.
-OO-O-O-O-
To-day inaugurates our
mm
A. SMILEY, Prop.
!
;Ê%|
Meet* the il h Wedne* day of every month.
Court due* muni he paid promptly every month.
VielHng brethren cordially Invited.
:o:
Big CUT-PRICE Sale Farmers
ADVERTISING HATES ;
Iz'gal advertising, eight cent* per line for flY*t I mu* il Ion nml four rente per line lor each subsequent luaertlon.
Hnsluea* card* not exceeding one inch In* sorted ni 11.00 per year.
Loral announcements Inserted nl the rate of five cent*' per line for Utmi I un* rl Ion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising liy the month 01 for longer periods Inserted nr low ralt *, which will he given on itppltenth n.
Advert IN" men Is received wliliont Instructions ace nil rallying them will In* Inserted until forbidden nut charged for accordingly,
Rlrlh, marriage and d**ath notices published free of charge. Obituary poetr> three cents per tine.
f.yi' ï
j Consider a Moment !
When about to buy a new Binder, why select one that is full of defects, when you can get one built on modern and correct principles ?
J. A. ('«WAN, R H.
t
II. M. IUKNKTT, b .fi
•J. W. K \ DK", ('. R
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
of ail Summer Goods !
8 3- Nepean 53t., Ottawa, Ont
# I
Lumnuxi AOBnrT.
Shoppers cannot afford to delay !
Lambcrif All Kinds BooeIiI and Sold.
?
Best Bargains first !
?
CONSIGNMENTS solicited.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commission Business n Specialty.
t
The Frost & Wood
N
?
go
JOli PRINTIXO.
All kind** of Job Printing nenlty and cheaply executed. Orders by mull promptly a I tended to.
New
Now for Cotton Hosiery, Blouses, Wrappers, Crash Outer Shirts, and Fancy Sateen and Pique Underskirts, White Gowns and Ladies’ Underwear.
See the new Khaki Skirting ”£3
A regular sweeping up of Men’s Underwear and
T..TTT„«	^ i 0ents’’ Ladies and Children’s Straw Hats.
HAVING PARLOR,, Special drive in Ladies’ Silk and Taffita Gloves.
JOfjN StylTlj, Proprietor.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
RgkKHKVt Ki BY PKltMIsW-N :
No. 2 BINDER

l>«üi» Mur; ! . Pivt. Ottvwu Transportâti I’. W* Av.rv., H ill L'tmbiît Co,
J. r. Shim T, B V. K.l-ly «'<. l« ‘t' lif ii l U Mi Dntigall, Uamttei#.
J«»lm llfi.ev \ No?,#.
Il N. H.'c 4 i-jii.
i
X

y
/
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
HAWVILLE
COMBINES ALL THK LATEST AND BEST IMPROVEMENTS TO BE FO TJND ON ANY HARVESTING MACHINE MADE. SEE IT.
S
F. M.A. McNaughtoq, M.D.,C.M.
(«R A DU ATI? OF Ml fill.!. UNIVERSITY,*
Offine—Residence of the kite Dr. If. H Knox, Shuwville.
Special Bargains in all Departments !
The spot spot for—
Headquarters for
Stylish Rigs, Wagons, Harness, Harvesting Tools and all Farm Machinery-
A Fashion able Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, ok A Clean Shavb.
Farmers’ Attention !
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
y
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omvs and IIkudkn * : J. II Ahmhtkonu'h Hou.sk, MAIN STREET . - 8HAWVILLK,
JiT Your Turn next.
We make a specialty of keeping certain lines of goods not usually to be found in other stores. Be sure and come direct to us for the following :	,
Portland Cement, Plaster Paris, Plasterers’ Hair, Cylin- ¦ tier Oil, Sole Leather, Grain Cradles, Cradle Fingers, Galvanized Iron, Nails, (all sorts and sizes), Tarred and Dry Felt Papers, Barn Door Hinges and Rollers, Herbagetim—the great animal blood purl- j tier ; Window Screens and Glass Gem Jars, for prt (1er Rifles (long and short), ammunition,
Barbed Wire, Pure Paris Green Tangle Foot and Fly Pads, &e.
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
SISH and DOOR
I
A. SMILEY - SHAWVILLE.
LEGAL.
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, 1. L, L,



ADVOCATE . . BRYSON will visit Shawville bvery Monday. ||]|f pjgp ^ EliOFiOF
FINISH FOR
Souses 55 Verandahs
—ALL KINDS of —
}
*%
THE IMPROVED
Alpha de Laval
t
Screen Doors, aei ving time, Sny-
Æ

WM. GAMBLE,
c
BARRISTER, &o„.
J loom 2ù. Trust Building. No. 48 Sp.irks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At S'uuwvtlle, second nud fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over O. F. Hod41ns* .store, Main St.
MANVKACTVltED.
DOORS, 8ASH, NEWEL IMsTS, DRESsEL
IMBER, à
K'-pt in sUh k aul it.a t« t«i Or It r. U’t.'.Rl; DUES'ED AT POITLU.VKD F.s
I

t
;¦
< :'r
&-
?
m
X f ¦
u

BABY 17o. 1
Thiqk c? tl\e worry ar\i expense- savod by buyiqg Itc-re !

CEO. C. WRIGHT, McCUEDIE& HODGIXS.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C
-

wil! save you $10 per cow
per year-
; The pi ices are net at list to
one and all alike
j	discount.

\
Z
€2r. IV
L m
E&tiinato* furninafd.
it
o
THE PRoVISi’K OF gDKHilC,
Mol-, m V Haul; (hnmhvrs
NEW
-DRESSMAKING-
SHOP
11 Met air* St.. Ottawa
Ml
1‘lionv No. 1173.
i.aw hU'luesK in lUtawa am! routine !):> i rivts attende 1 to.
no

it

For Sale.
Toronto, J u’y 11—Toe l rum *3 rat ion Department rf the Ontario <i vttnm *nt state* that there has beer, a larue influx «•f settler* into New Ontario this season. The immiorati -:i into tin township-* in the Thunder Bay district h ta been hrger thin elsewhere in New Ontario. Thu principal element is that from the l'uite 1 States, more particularly from the West.
Most (*f the newcomers from this quarter occupied rented faims in Ohio, lUmui?,
W. W. IRELAND,
S-iT-
Tii<* S nit li E.t «' Half of i Half of 21 i Kir-*t Hang acre known r*th< I'u liable proiM-rty, two i village. I o he Ho'd on
. E.
nu
'*• Write for particulars to
' W. S. CLARKE, A
of lût. ul: _•! i. ’Jt rt 'ou.s Enrni ; idles from 1 «• -v 1 cm, 4.
Xpply to MAI EES VOW LEY
Clerk of the District MogMrnte*' Court.
(’ommissloncr and Conveyaucer. Deed-Mori gHges, etc.,extcOU legally and hat 1m fxctoil.y.
(Over G. F*. Hodgins’Store)
SHAWVILLE.
>11
X
AGENT FOR PONTIAC,
MOBEHEAD, - - QUE.

lit
Z !..
i
QUE
SHAWVILLE - -

Th
u ude i1*,'z of Sliawvi
! uppt to' inform the e ami surrounding conn
ity that sliv In -	opened a <lreH>-makinu	I	Michigan, Wisconsin and	other western
shop in t! •* ioo	over (î, F. Ho igins*	,	states, and sought in New	Ontario better
-tore, v. hvi she	prepared to execute all	opportunities of becoming	the owners of
order* in t‘. ¦ lii:	• a '-orditig to tin- latest	th«ir own farina than are no" obtainable
; romp and satisfad , in any desirable Americsn locality. The.e
I include a few families of French origin.
GEO. HYNES
-
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L
f I
NOTARY FUBLI NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND SWINGS CO.,UK ONTARIO.
M < »N K V T( i 1.0 A N 0 N E AS Y TDK M S.
BRYSON. -
Will be in Shawville on Tu:\sdcy and Sat urduy of every week.
5
I ^
; ?
• ? •
•z> •
¦l
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
. SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
QUE.
•style.-*, o , , ,
A CD ïl solicite»!
JHE
-arm for Sale.
June Examinations.
MISS McEUG-E.
R. MITCHELL,
PORTAGE DU FORT
TIi	offers for sale t!:,it rie '
rallie farm known as the Stanley Farm
Akw. wdl^Wand varied stocko, i irnltare always un hai 1, at
to suit all liasses.
N
.‘5, Clarendon.
July 2in
18C0.
* )
BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT.
for the Olstrlct 01 lYantUc. Office, Main St Huawvllle.
Accounts collected and prompt returns made.
• *
jrpfi
• i
Grade IV.—1, Kina Smart, honors in Heading, Hygiene, Arithmetic, Geography, Sacred Histury,'Spelling, Di tion nnd Writing : *2. Ruben Stark, honors in Drawing ; B, lierth.a Quinn, honors in Writing.	,
Grade II1.—1. Hr he! Stark, honors in
. _	,	, 3rd K- id r, Si .. Gran mar ami I
.Jennie B Bou.ter, of Fort Gouluuge, ha* ! Writing ; 2, Gertrude Carvv, honors given §500 to the Per ley Kerne for Incurables, Ottawa.
District and Country.

Roller Mill
more

w it h Louse, barn and sta!
in* piviniMes are well \va 1 For further parti»
XVI LU AM STANLEY,
Charteris l*. O.

iv v n*vi r
thereon. T’ with a n apply to
cia
«I*iiivâ ii I I i Nilt	Wr Zk oîi he Iiiterj ro\iucial hrid.ro &t
111LL1A.11 LLL1U1 1	Ottawa is being pushed forward at a rapid
piua^eiuentMior i uy business t n connect tou vnrisimas. with all Courts In the County, Collections m Aite and p-ompt return* assured


UUM
IN UNDERTAKING
I al.su k«i p a complvtf ral Furnishings, plainest ref|ui I v designed.
toek of 1- lineranging from the sites to the niu-t elegant-All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
HAYING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WEIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
On behalf i.f lier late husband Mr%


WANTED !
m ,

writing, Drawing and Geography ; •'$, Gordon Smart, honors in Drawing.
Grade II. —1, Rouilla Stark, honors in !
GENERAL.
WillU Chipraan, T r -nb), a.l U. Sur-
teu% Ottawa, are two of the applicants I Writing and Cum position ; 2, Vivian for the engineership of Aropruir water Smiley, honors in Dictation ; .*>, Nessie and sewerage construction.	| Wharrey, honors in Dictation and Writ-
It is proposed *o hold a grand gather- j insr : L Amelia Stark, honors in writing, of the Macdonald clan in Ottawa, during ! Primer HT. — 1» Louisa Dean; 2. Bella the exhibition. The “Fierv Cross" will j Stark; 3, dean Stark; 4. Freddie Dean, basent to the North, to the South, to the Primer I.. —1, Edna Stark; 2, Mary East and to the West, asking the Mac (’rick; 3, Louisa Stark; 4, Lloyd Fulford, nalds and their kinsmen to gather in I	F 1 urrib, readier.
force.
J AS. HOPE & Co.
ANÜFACTURINO STATIONERS,UOOK8KL 1er», Bookbinder# Primer#, el-. L* f cue Ottawa Auxiliary BiMedoelety,Ottawa,Ont.
FRESH and CURED
M
First Quality Flour.
An Activa Canvasser
In Pontiac County, to work
amongst farmers, to represent the ! LARGEST NURSERY IN CAN VDA,
STONE à WELLINGTON, of TORONTO.
epudtory
MEATS
J. J. TURNER,
Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns an 1 satisfactory treatment in ! every respect.
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
Pontine. Sale*conducted In n business-like and satisfactory manner. Goods or articles of any kind taken and disposed of by public or private sale on reasonable terms. Public sales conducted at Shawville once a month, a variety of articles always on hand lor sale; Office : Shawville, Que.
of all kinds at
JOSEPH BROWN,
Permanent position to good, steady man ; pay weekly, free outfit and good terms. Splendi 1 local references will be supplied a* to our stock and reliability, to assist in canvassing.
PORTAGE DU FORT.
The invalided Canadian Soldiers who
arrived in Quebec on Saturday were ac |
corded an euthusastic welcome by citizens .
of the Ancient Capital. Five of the'’9
number who reside in Ottawa, and who
reached there the same night, with a . , rousing reception.	| day evening, having enjoyed her visit in
msims
tt. |	say. w»
occasion.	of her uncle. Rev. Win. 1$ isart.
The W iaiton C anadian recently placed Mis Oaudry, Ottawa, is the guest of in court 200 cases against subscribers who | her mother, Mrs. H. W hitegÈ^ did not whack up after being notified.
In every case judgment was granted at the rate of <1.60 per year. This should be a profitable lesson to parties who are careless about squaring with the printer, whose disposition to forbear is so grossly taken advantage of.
It is stated Sir Wilfrid Laurier has aban doned all idea of going to England this summer. After the session the Government wdl be engaged some time i% tilling all existing vacancies in the Civil Service.
The Premier will then take a short holiday at Arthabaskaville, and return to Ot-awa to get ready for the general elections.
THE SHAMIIE
IVjeat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
Proprietor.
Mrs. Lilly Harter, Benson, Minnesota, the guest cf her sister in-law, Mrs. Geo. McLaren.
Miss Nellie White arrived home S.itur-
FOR SALE:
HOTELS.
A quantity of^
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
St. Lawrence Hall,
Apply to
0. K. GRIGG,
RENFREW, Ont.
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress,
Proprietor.
ir
t
’Good Accommodation. Table and Bur always well furnished.
First-clash Livery Attached.
Bristol Wharf
PATENTS
THIS IS THE SEASON
FOR
@
Ice Cream Fresh Fruit,
Choice Candies, Confectionery, &c.,
FERRY
[PROMPTLY SECURED!
J
i
i
J
o
Write for our interesting books " Inventor's Help" and " Mow you are swindled." Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and wc will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Rejected applications have often been successfully prosecuted yy us. We, conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal, and Washington ; tnisqualifiee us to prompt-, ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patenta, ps broad as the invention. Highest references, furnished.	,
Patents procured through Marion & Ma-, rion receive special notice without charge in , over loo newspapers distributed throughout, the Dominion.	i
Specialty : turers ana E
PRACTICAL
11ATC1IMIKER
CHANCE OF TIME.
Mr. W. J. Lough went to Rjcheater, N.Y., Wednesday morning.
The undersigned having had two years* experience in ferrying passengers between Bristol Wlmrf and Sand Point will continue to do so this season as follows :
Com
and
JEWELLER
Farm for Sale.
Leave Bristol W^arf
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8.00 a.?r.., and 4.00, p.m.

KREP3
A flSLBCTSTOCK OT
WATCHES,
CLOCKS. JEWELLERY. SILVERWARE Ac. Ac.
V
v
The North HaH of T.ot No. 20, in the 1st range of Litchfield, containing 100 acres, more or less, fronting on Ottawa river and situated on the main road between Bryson and Portage du Fort. Twenty acres under cultivation, remainder pasture and woodland. large, comfortable dwelling and other necessary buildings thereon erected. For terms and particulars apply to
J. H. CHAPMAN,
Bryson, Que.
*
All to be had at the popular Fruit and Grocery Store—
Leave Sand Point

V
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 13.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m.,
—Patent business of Manufac-
Engineers

MARION & MARION

Repairing—
a Speciality;
D. WILSON’S
Meeting all Trains.
Patent Experts and Solicitera.
GEORGE GALLANTING,
Ferryman. |
J
SHAWVILLE, 0.
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE,
)

###PAGE###6###







» -#*



Mined «m h preliminary examination (luit the citadel bid been proof iKiirnt «hell fire, and that ihe en-
aud boilers had not been The experiments were
! making of continents. ! r:::r:.T
Floriculture.
Mrs Pepper, with quiet rapidity,
emptied for ue the drawers of » beautifully carved old oik bureau,—all the I things different and each driwing Eng- 1 from ue admiring exclamations, but while my young companions were en-
RUSKIN LINEN.
according to one authoril>
nor ess i ry
BOLD SCHEME TO BARE THE BED would he to cut a broad, luckless can
gi ne» room penet rated witnessed by the Lords of the Admit
HUM K OK Til K 1,1 LV
Mr. KeakiiVs deuh hss sent
my
al through the Isthmus uf I’unumi. sas to permit of the heated current
lilmt if on l<l lot lew i hr IM-yiag Up ef | „wlH,pjll4r through into the Pacific, in
InUe Hrle-4n lu ta ml Sea fan Mr 'Inge oî lie l»e%rri «il Sahara
The scheme propounded for laying
bare the bed of the Ked Sea sound#
practical. England, however, might
object.
No liver flow# into it. or is it# depth anywhere very great, while the ev ip, . It , .	,....., ... oration ha# been proved by actual ex-
(age industrie*	of	spinning	and wn.v-j called t he	HualunJinan . i mv-. -	perimml to average 23 (eet a your.
lug	fit*	by	Land,	had	long	passed . i«graph a	«.» of . t	u-s m, owt «	close ibe Slr tita ot Babu’l Mandib at
.....-........
o(l , hand so r.p.d and	cut racted .hat	•b.mt 6U year, there would be no Red
il would	have liken	long to pu,ml#	8*“ b'f-o'dy a huge au,l bed, worth
llt(| I at a m ulest estimate $500,000,000.
WHAT THEN f
Hut ihd question naturally suggests itself—when the whole of the deposited salt had been dug up and carried aw ay, and the treasure all recovered —what then ( “Oh," airily rep-y the prom iters of the idea, “it will then only be necessary to divert a portion of the water# of the Nile—at Abu Mamed ur Berber—into one of the
OF THE RED SEA
Three hundred and sixty-fi^ Mtle islands, over about three bundled of which the sou has a fashion of sweep-
umr ‘lute
thoughts back to a summer in land a few years ago, during which I mule u Ruskiu pilgrimage, write, ‘‘rely absorbed in the eight 1 kept
d « i ng nx i v to be ot hei ¦ hinge in that delightful little room In the fircpltve wan a jar of wild flowers emit leaves, and red cornel berries,and
i It y
The vessel will shortly be raised and towed into dock, when information t hv examination will afford
Mead of heading north between the Bahamas and Florida toward the Bri-tirh Isles. The ultimate effect of so drastic an interference w iili Fat he 1
Marla L. Owens In Oxford, Oho 1 sen
ing in turbu.ent weather the Bermuda Ls indl, lying ia the Atlantic about 5(10 miles off «lie coset
in all the islands
end Sheffield 1 iuw all that was acres* ble of the great teacher’s work
In srhe*W and museums, but there were oiher shrines in Lancashire and on the walls i photognph of Mr. ltus«
I kin and a certificate from his own ban I of the purity ihd hones > of lhe _ linen and hi* willingness to hive it
garni
valuable knowledge and perhaps
to officers of the Royul
of North C.i m imi there are but about lli.OOO acres of
gtiitl nice Navy.
u ralignum a
Ncpl une'# would be to alter Britain’s present comparatively mild and equable climate into one of almost Arctic sevei London.—which, it must be re-
privai «
i)
West morel and, and toward them nexi turned my steps In those counties t he ancient cot
Idnd, about 4.000 of which are under cultivation. Onions, potatoes, lilies and arrowroot are the chief products. The ie!ninis belong to (iriwt Britain, and are strongly fortified « moderate garrison being kept at t ho principal forts.
A friend who spent two of the spring months in Bermuda, it must enthusiastic in its praise—climate, scenery, hotels, being included iu her commendation.
The whole island—islands, rather, the hugest being *J1 miles long, with a deep indentation or bay at either end—is of coral formation. A thin skin of soii overlies it, deeper in the vaIe Leys and ravines and there most fertile. The rock is so soft it can be out like wood, witb a cross-cut saw, but hardens on exposure to the air. Houses and fences, etc., are built of It, and arm then whitewashed, roofs and all, making them positively dsx-sliing. A man builds his house of » he rocJc taken out of the cellar surface is high and undulating; roads, cut through the corul rook, are liko asphalt for smoothness and hardness. Deep cjuts a *e made in many parts to avoid high gr ids avoid high grades ; sometimes these or forty feet, m iking very picturesque roadways.
" Curiously, the natural vegetation is cedar, the hills and slopes l>eing clothed with green, make a fine con-
IH I*: BKLLEISLK’S HISTORY
| he Belleiale, a central battery battleship. with twin screws, was built it Poplar in 1K78, and engined by Maudslay, for the Turkish Uovern-She was then called the Pay-
es
it v

meiubereit is in about the same lui
tuile us Southern have i winter of similar coldness and length, while the greater portion of Scotland would he to ill intents and
Labrador—would
away, when Ml Ruskin Idea of reviving them in hi* own neigh-
men t
ki-Sherreef, and, when a new vessel
toi hood to give work and means support to poor old men and women who were sitting by their firesides
bought by the Admiralty from
J
was
the Turks, at a voal of £240,000. Her main construction was iron, her arm-
ii out, it w in about tlm dignity happiness coming from the venerable
purposes uninhabitable.
A “luckless canal' through tb** isth-
/n enforced Idleness, their occupation taken from them bv the mills. With I a 1 *¦ ® ,,f spinning
being 12 inches thick amidships
mus in question is somewhat of » big as poor De Les seps found to
and weaving, very photograph of Giotto's which had been the only
our
and tapering to t$ inches at the ox-trcmitie* of the belt
I he
order
his cost, and any such canal would
broi d
the help of friends inspired by hi*
This plating
" Weaving guide for repairing tnd putting < > gel her the old loom brought out of its
m I oblivion In a
zeal, the enterprise w is carried out so successfully t hat where only lmen , for underwear and household use had
ia backed by wood, which also va ries from lti inches to 9 in heads of her central hittery varied from 9 inches to 5 inches in thickness, tiding to their location. Her eon-
hive of »eceasily to l»e very indeed to carry through it the mighty Gulf Stream, which has more water
The hulk
turned out fifty years' decay
Yiendal cellar, wis on the w «II, and
been planned the product a treasure for artistic needlework, and
in it than ill the fresh water nvera of the world.
RUSSIAN ENGINEER’S SCHEME.
Even ui re fanciful and extraordinary than the above, however, was the scheme propounded in 1834 by M. Gootchoroff, a Russian engineer and scientist of no mean repute. At present the Gulf Stream, it may be as well to explain, splits into two parts, near New found laud, the right-hand
four picturen In a row of IVnelope, and other spinners and weavers of history and poetry—Longfellow's Priscilla. one of them There w m carved to be found running at l ight angles,
was prized by royalty itself
In due time Amhloaide was reached, and the region of the hand-made linen lows by, for the «pinning school.
arc
ning-tower in the forepart of the vessel was of 9 inch plating hid an iron deck l inch thick on the flat, strengthened to 3 inches on that part which slopes and was consequently liable to receive Injury from the direct impact of projectiles. The hull displaced 4,870 tons, her engines indicated 8,201) horse power when in
She was 245 feet
many lateral ravines, which are there
She also
WHS
I knew, whh in a cottage named after
oak furniture, black with age and very to its course, in order to reconvert
Rl Martin and dedicated to bira.1 prenoua. and «ample* of .he work of the dry bed into a sea again-but a at muling half w .y between Mr Hu-*- the present time, for wood earring fresh wade. ae. lb,a time, fly lb,a kins home in Vonieton. and Words- is another revived collage *rl ; and means Arabia, no* barren and dean-worth's in Rydal Now if Mr. Rus- for a finishing enchantment, Mr Rus- j late— tiud evwn the deeolate African kin had taken such an interest and j kin had often been In that very room, j coast would blossom forth under the
1 didn't forget the sheeting ; 1 could ample irrigation works which could,
though I couldn't and would, bo established in oouuec-
The
given so much personal attention to the scheme thaï t lie product of the look and admire
filed have any
good condition long, 52 feet broad,
Uontchoroff j feet when, in sea-going trim
armament consisted of four
muzzle-loading rifle guns, which remained on board during the
half taking a southeasterly course acroM the Atlantic toward the northern ciwist of Africa. M
and drew til
Her
f»M it—another I tiun with the world’s greatest fresh-
isked
1
cottage wheels and loom* was by his name, lhat w is sufficient inducement for tue to determine to see
sometimes these
drawer opened and « piece taken out —about a dozen yards It w t* vet y
Imt after the instant's
water reservoir
proposed, by me ins of an elaborate main system of floating dams, to prevent 25-ton
this splitting up of the current, thereby sending the entire stream north- experiments, as well as the quick-fir-w ard instead of-a.s at present-half mg gun* added at a date more recent
Her mister
TO DHY VP LAKH ERIE
the 1 .angdale linen and to go home coarse, very
the proud possessor of some Ruskiu shock 1 asked the price, -Hi, hut il j
was single width, ind I h id had not h-
ing but wide linen in mind, though.
I reflected afterward, no hand
Niagara L* eating its way back towards Lake Brie at the rate of some | 15 feet every year. Some day it will have progressed so far that it will be enabled to take « mouthful out of the lake bed itself, and several billion cubic tons of water will forthwith fall
sheet s.
On au early day then, I made a call
The immediate result, he claim- than her construct run
ed. would be the transformation of vessel, the Orion, remains in the *e: England into semi-t Topical land, while vice i* port gua rdship at Malta, the double volume of superheated w i- SOME >1 MILA It EXPERIMENTS
at the largest dry goods store, Aaighce , as
the village and asked if loom was ever made that would weave
w de sheeting, llut l put the next
trial to the coral rock. There are • few royal palms, of which Bermudians are inordinately proud.
“ Walking is delight ful ns there U
no end
drapers, in they kept t he Rusk n linen. Mr. I'ol

they question: Was it fur sale f
Oil ye« Why rtido’t 1 say instant- >»tu 'he Niagara River valley uUln’t Iy	I will lake sc. m.ny yards." and I drying up ot Lake Erie in this nnn-
bnng oft my prize exultingly# Well, “»r would, of course, be followed by
thought*, my * similar, though slower, drying up
good fortune w is so unexpected ; the of other great lakes, except Ontario;
and Ottawa Beach, Grand Traverse
son wished (bet he did have it tied promised it to him from St Mar tin's for two years, bui they
lhe attack upon the Belleisle by
i poured Into the North Polei Basin would so Increase the temperature of the guns "f the Channel Squadron is
ihr first experiment of the kind in
Hie
never any mud, and there w Apparently to the beautiful paths one
may choose ss a background. W i*in
twelve years or more ago, was fired unwritten hw that one «ball never at w ith all manner of weapons. The return by the path on which he went knowledge gained in her case was out. Often walking along the roads, made use of in designing the Royal we wou’d see rude steps cut in the
ind the battleships of the rock by tiiê roadside, and leading to Majestic class. Since that date, how- t.he summit. Via inhering up those we there his been great progress would find ourselves in the sweet coder forest, end before long rouie Up*
those hitherto inhospitable regions as
make future Arctic exploration England Mince t lie old Resistance,
get enottgh ahead o\er there to supply him Had l engaged any f No. 1 Well, 1 might get a yard or two for j l embroidering at the spinning .school. ! price tor two But I wanted sheeting. Ad! did 1 a..s 11 shillings a yai I. 82.»o know t lie price l Tour or five pounds as
to
wild n't collect my
child's play
breadths was the same
fir Bay. beautiful Vet os key, f.ir-faiued ouldn't M ickm.u* Island, and a hundred nh-
Sll
*, 1 could reckon, but l c i link how many > .i t* 1 should need nor how much it would cost — i* for conTn. Michigan and C anada would he
A COSTLY EXPERIMENT
er charming summer resorts in W is
bnvoivign
i
a pair. Surprised, but not quite "t ulined. I answered bravely
" But they
Oh they'll Using the English currency quick, I converted into lucre
lean not do it
ing about t Im’ room watch in hand, I
t II now it w a« nenlv time to go out : much an eventuality would present it
sun-pa relied
ever
in modern ordnance, and the practical lessons of the China-.la pan and Spanish-American wars hive shown that u «huger, which was not clearly reveiled in the Resistance experiments
H. M. S. BELLEISLE SACRIFICED IN THE CAUSE OF NAVAL SCIENCE.
are worth it, I suppose
Besides 1 hid been fiy- landmarks in a Sahara of dual
If bent on having
never wear out the linen 1 could wiite for samples, but as 1 wanted to **•<« for myself, Mr. Toison obligingly laid out a w iy for um to get to Kltenwrater without aging a whole day for it.
on a ill t le patch of potatoes ui onions. with a whitewashed cabin and
two. and \
most people, one would imagine,
On lire Fore and AH After lour Mliietf*
a donkey and a goat or lot of dusky youngsters ploying about.
” The lily industry doe* not flourish am it did once—they Jold us. Some of
over Hii unknown ru id ind meet the self as an unmixed evil. Hut ulilit.ir-cou h, which we must not keep wait- inn people evidently look at the affair ing. I hud boiled up with delight at from a not he i point of view, seeing finding that 1 could have the linen ; | that a plan has actually been mooted si ill, its undeniable coarseness had fnr hastening t lie operations of na-voole t me oft a little, and then, what furtti and draining the lakes irtific il-time w in there to have it measured |y j,v raeans of a canal. The project, off, and how could v'u get the great p pointed out. would neither be dif-heavy bundle to the coach. Common fjmlt of accomplishment nor especial-sens# -1 d l > m't lo ni h iste w:111
Mrlnx 1'roiu the Hnlr.llr'» I.mim I ht llilnl Mil Mlrw Away *h: runnel.
The destruction of II.M S. Belleisle 1 « -'vtuully very great, the risk of fire
on board the warship.
by II.M.S. Majestic off the coast of England a few week* ago wis one *»f t h«- most interesting as well »* one
of the most costly experiments which y\ r- Ered W. Carey has recently the British Admiralty has mule in	travelling through an almost.on-
recent years for the s.iko of naval known part of the Chinese Shun science. The spot on which the doom- States, which lie between China pi o-ed battle-ship was moored lie* south- jh., anj Burinah. in tbe account of
hi* journey, which be recently read
before the Royal Geographical Society
Hracklesham Bay, lay t he Channel he sp ike most favorably of the women Squadron, including the Majestic, „f t|l0 country, though bus opinion of which vessel hid been commissioned the men La not so fluttering. Ln their
1 was going tlie n*xt morning on t ho tour of the Langd ales, « coaching trp, and Mr. Toison t old me the piety w mid stop about threo hour* at Dungeon G by II. where I must leave it, walk over to Kilenw at er, some five miles see the linen and then “ pick up the coach.” on it* return, it some
the largest lily farmers, have given the culture and are growing ar-We visited one factory
up
LOVE BALLS
row-root
where the natives were scraping the root.*, which were being manufactured. The product all goes to Kngladn ; Bermuda arrow-root cannot be obtain-
I y costly ; while it would add more j than 100.000 .square miles to t he land surface of the republic
you may regret At leisure W hen in v
It seem* a worm prey
ompaniou had a lone
cb nice with me, she spoke of the lab- Qg ,jUi j,,hn Bull might possibly hive ric with irreveieiv > on. wouldn't
h ive a lied of hers seen with such hiieets. and louldn t sleep bet ween them for their roughness, hut that doesn't turn me—I hanker for Kuskm
#d in America ed upon the lily bulbs and growers
to van
But here
point on which 1 could arrange with the driver
west by west of Seise y Bill what les* thin two miles
home-
off, in
We did it all exactly, my
instead of devising means
something to say in the matter Can-ad i. equally, with the United States, has a vested interest in these vast
companion and 1. 'the rapid walk in that invigorating air was i pleasure In it self. W hit mount a ins we saw in the distance, and under our feet the grassy roadsides were dotted with ¦ I urdy mount tun daisies and yellow torment ils, while the parsley fern grew among the rooks in a profusion wonderful to our eves.
submit to be van
mulsh the worm finished by it uud try some
other
crop
fre*h water reservoirs.
DESERT OF SAHARA
with the work of destruction. In or- f:lce UI1(j figure, he says, these Shuns derth.it the Belleisle might represent rt»«emble the Japanese, and the wo-as accurately as possible a battleship
" I never saw suoh exquisite color* hs the water takes around Bermuda
splendid
sheets yet.
In Keen k Tie liueu industry ia
off-shoot from Mr Buskin'», but inland sea has lung been a dream of in act ion-hut yet a battle-ship parti- conventional and fascinating
the French engineering school, and in ally surprised—her torpedo-nets were resemblance ends 1883 the idea took definite shape., the not out, but her splinter-nets were jdzy good-for-nothing fellows, who Government even going so far as to spread over the upper deck
The conversion of Sahara into an
to say the least, just as mi-
There
Though the isJund ha.* harbor, so deep that the largest vessel can enter, it is girdle! by coral
men ire
a
an
The men are
has grown to greater proportions
reefs, at various depth* some near the surface, so that the water frets t he in continually, other furth-
Ihey displ ij in their salesroom more
i ii ety t ii ui we see « • St Martin’s;
Hurt y seven kind* of cloth differing ^notion i he expenditure of $21)0.1)00 tubes were two fully loaded torpedoes.
on tlie preliminary surveys. It was uud about her guns were placed 130
When Chapel >t de * is reached we
In her
never woi k unless they are absolutely
soon found *. .Linin'.* just is it h id been dem« nhmd
obliged to do so. The women toil during the summer in the rice fields and spend their time •when at home in weaving cloth and m household duties. They wear a very pretty costume, including a long, while petticoat. which is much more becoming thin the ugly, misshapen trousers of the l bines# women.
Mr. Carey describes a diversion of the young people which very much interested hi in. As he passed through the villages, the girls often provided themselves with cotton seed balls, which they call love balls, and many times he was pelted with these love missiles. He says they were of course not intended to convey any message to him. but at the festivities which take place during New Year’s these colored bill* have a very important part to play. On these occasions nothing could be more significant than the throwing of one of the*e bulls by a girl to a young man, for she is very careful to throw it only to the particular young man whom she w ould like lu marry. Thus she expresses her preference for one or another of the swains, -if the young man catches the ball, the fact is a
over
er he'nw. It is these that give the water its peculiar and exquisite greens and blues and purples, even pink saiue-
« qu unt place exactly fulfilling Horace’s injunction, ' Near he house let i here he
in width, fineness, degree of bleaching and price, and then is some are dyed blue, orange, purple, and red, ii brings the whole number of kinds shaped depression, the
which run* close up to
proposed to cut out i canal between dummy men the Atlantic Ocean and the vast, fi^b-
i spring
water end a wood close by.' '' The
Shortly after ten o'clock the Ma-of 1 jestic weighed anchor and steamed
of
handle the roust
times.
“ Bermuda is a paradise. I thought Honolulu t hP most beautiful spot :
visited, but Bermuda outvies it I h<ye I may mew it again) some day. ’
date. 1692. way on the front of the cottage We found that we had ihir-ty-five minutes for our si ay A woman scrubbing the floor rose at once, pulled down her sleeves, and then looked the real lady that she
At eleven
away to the south-weal
up to fifty	,	(
The sheet ing there was 50c higher nearly midway between the twent loth o'clock «he reappeared on the hori-
M min's, making two and thirtieth parallels of latitude. The zou, and it was evident ill it she was
Here
than at St
w it he come to $3.75 a yard, but they result would be, so it was said, tocov- coming into action
ind er about 60,000 squ ire miles of desert
ever
AT ABOUT A MILK’S DISTANCE
would not sell me any for that « x oilier kinds tie mi le specially for with water of navigable depih. there- from the target, the Majestic fired their own Keswick embroiderers there by opening up direct communication 1 the first round from her 12-in. «tar-
whit-h ran be 1 with far-stretching and densely pnpin board barbette gun
was. She saw the urgency of oui and quick, gentle and obliging, lost not i moment in wait ng on us She
showed i he linen, seven or eight kinds obtaiued only by entering an order luted regions now given over to bar- tered the Belleisle by the stern, trav In the piece, and then : he emhro'.ler- wilivlt XNl11 lm filled in it* regular bar ism. I he British Government, ! ersed the ship and emerged at the
turn; and there in one kind of which however, Intervened with in ultima* bows
turn, that, should any .serious steps be
case
FLORAL NOTES.
Gardeners do si range thing* with flowers. For Instance, they give us 3 blue hydrangea. To produce it they take a slip of some strong growing, white sort, root it well and stimulate it to the most vigorous growth. Then they mix iron filings in the earth of ihn j Kit, and water it with alum water, while the flower heads are forming. They come out in panicles, beautifully blue, wonderfully handsome jnd striking for all their artifice
Two handsome plants which
palms in their adaptability to house culture are Darcena indivisa and As- ^ pidistra iurida. The latter especially endures neglect with the heroism of
a stoic.
Fuchsias do well if the old plants are kept in from year to year; 1 hey get irtige and when in bhasom are handsome. But florists rely on plants raised from cuttings in
The shell en
are seven otbei kind
Then the 12-in. guns of i h"
tea—from small cushion covers and table, through tray cloths, covers for si anils, tables and bureaus, an t drapery for pictures, up to bedspreads and portieres. The prices of many were high up in the pounds, bui not too high for tlie work upon them, au I. the main thing, they found ready sale at t hese prices among I he summer
the Princess Louise takes » 11 they
make for her schools of embroidery taken to ourry the scheme into effect.
England v\ mid reg t ii is an on*
Majestic, working with extraordinary rapidity, poured in t heir heavy shells, while the 6-in. guns and the 3-pounder friendly act, and, in the end, the military guns in the tops rained an iff iit ended in smoke.
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA.
Similar plan* have also been promulgated for flooding The great Central Australian desert, and the ter-

They have but one spinner who can draw out a thread fine and even enough for this so the supply is, of necessity, limited. This work is all well paid when done, and. in addition, at the end of the yen profits from sales are divided among the workers. The cottagers all on et ! lie country side have I>een able from these earnings to repair their dwellings, and then they beautify them with their own handwork ; high and low have been brought into earnest helpfulness and friendship, and life is bright-
even hotter fire upon the Belleisle. It was observed, however, tint the boilers and the machinery were still intact. During the nine and a quarter minutes that the action lasted, the Belleisle, which Nva.s lowed to her
»
tropical looking
visit ors.
There were Oriental borders copied en a larger scale from the lit tie Oriental squares that we import ; Persian patterns, Kensington patterns and stitches, Greek lace, etc—all kinds of stitches, all patterns in white and in colors, in all threads, silk, linen, worsted and gold. 1 remember some large pansies outlined with gold, purple and yellow alternately on a checker-board ground. Another exquisite thing had the linen checked off with drawn work, and the squares in the border embroidered with pinks in Kensington stitch—while flowers and green leaves. This was finished with a silk fringe and the price was £3.
Much of the work was done in the London schools of embroidery under the patronage of the Princess Louise, but the linen was the product of the cottage wheels and looms, and was of different shades of gray or ecru, from the natural color of the fhx through various degrees of bleaching Sewn t# almost
rible Yuma Desert, in Southern California
somewhat resemble
fhe latter is, perhaps, the
mooring-place in us good fight mg-raust désola in place to hr found any- ^ rjm :i8 on the 4a y when she was first where on the earth’s surface. From
commissioned, was tremendously him me red. Strangely enough, however
Yu man to Carlton—a distance of mure than 100 miles—the traveler beholds nothing save a rolling sea of , smoke of the bursting shells and an shifting, billowy «and of dazzling esvupv 0f «team from a cut pipe led whiteness, and in temperature rang- ' ing from 130 to 170 Fahrenheit most the whole of the 13,000 square miles of territory comprising the de-
«he did not catch fire, all hough the
warm ened up for all.
A beautiful and impressive incident connected with Buskin is the fact that the casket was covered with a chaste, simple linen pall woven by the women of the Buskin linen school of Keswick.
sure indication that he wishes to wed the girl, and t he engagement might as well be announced at once. But if he niLsjtes the ball, the fact indicates that he does not reciprocate the affection the maiden desires to give him. and Tie must find a lover elsewhere. At ill other times the game Ls simply a mode of flirtation, when the maiden or mail who fails to catch the ball must pay a forfeit to the thrower.
at first to that conclusion, the experiment was half over
IT V BELLEISLE HAD SETTLED
DOWN
by the head upon the sand-bank, but. of course, she remained still visible, as there was only about a foot of water beneath her keel
Before
the funeral of Mr
Al-
vei y young
h
the spring.
Lilacs, either the common purple or
become white during the
;<
sert is far below sea level, and it has been estimated that an expenditure of less than 620,000 would suffice to let in up<* it the waters of the Gulf of California
b

the Persian process of forcing
L
M
INSURANCE COLLECTORS
What good are you f said the farmer u« he found I h*» dusty pilgrim yawning in hia hay.
What good are we ? echoed the knight of the road. Why, if we didn't smoke bulls in farmers' barns l^y'd never git insurance money to piy da mortgages off de res' ob dr
lilOL
C
As soon as t lv*
thereby reconverting it into the inland sea which it must originally—some thousands of years ago —have been.
TO DIVERT THE GULF STREAM.
h
Majestic had ceased firing, a cordon
reciprocal.
Pupa, I want half a dollar.
What did you do with the one I /j you the other day, pet I I don’t remember.
Well, you won’t get it. absent-minded beggar
Renting,—Ynu'rs a bear tknt
u
of torpedo-boats was drawn round t h wreck
8
No unofficial vessel was allowed to approach, and even the boat« which c irri-d
could not approach nearer than three
I
Î '	NO EXCUSE.
Dm ug the present century four hundret and odd marriages have been M »pp d by the non-appearance of the Bridegroom. In no case was a reasonable excuse .forthcoming.
i
I h^ correspnn lent <
To divert the Gulf Stream would
Yen are
seem to be at first sight an all but qu *rl*rs of a mile.	She appear
impossible undertaking, yet there |0 hive been pounded into an
I


!¦*
an
ui
have uu* been lacking men who pro- ^cognisable mass, but it was user
I


###PAGE###7###
°t».v higher plant th.tlr life depend* SOMETHING QUITE NEW-on tmnjterature, food and moisture.
Milk is perfect food for these buo-torii», which are com mon In the air of the milk-room and cow stable a« well
THE FATHER OF PRINTING
WHRN Wlî UROR YOU TO TRY
/
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
LUDELLA
SALAD

Five llmiflmlils Aiielvereury of	n
4» iilrnbrrg HrreiHly <>lebrelr«l.
The city of Mayence, In Germany, baa recently celebrated the five horn-flredth a n ni versa: y of the birth of Johann Uulentierg, who in commonly Iwheved to hive I* en the first man
SamO flavor a» Japan, only more delicious, to nuke uud U^e movable types. Out*
en berg was a native of Mayence. It was in that pleasant city by the Rhine that ho executed tin Bible,” "i"' "f i in- rarest gem» of t be Yes, sir; I put in mon’ hw of hud gf^at libraries. In Mayence lie died— work forming tfoal' girl's mmd. Wellf jn poverty—at about the ago of fifty- ! i n hIv esId she wouldn't have me. +|gbt.
flow much money have you, S-un ^ feature uf this Gutenberg festival f myt NN ell, If 1 didn t owe grandma* WllLS au exhibition of I fou best things d
and efater I’d luve fiftmn «ente
1 thought you and Rebecca the same age. We were seems to hnvo receded,


as inn the cow and the hinds of the milker
eut:gestions Aiiou r c olt train-
ChVL.ON i la,
I he care of the milk t bon should be MUi*h as, first, to prevent as far as possible the entrance of these
WM du so	umtidtul lh»l iW ti> ,h< in lUvur w.il	you.
# IS, M, 4e, »• and IMN
ING
The value of any horse is increased pr Ir.wned by his education or train-Many colts are ruined in
•	breaking," Many are never broken
it
There are three classes of men who
•	break" colts. One is the good kind, patient fellow, says an exchange, who lets the colt do about am it pleases. It can go, stop, turn, etc., without remonstrance.
Such colts make headstrong, deceitful, unreliable horses.
Then there is the man who goes at a colt to break or kill—jerking, jamming, whipping, swearing.
Colts broken by such men sometimes get over their fright by proper handling. but are most lik“ly to be natural fools, like the breakers.
They are always nervous, always ready to scare and run.
The right man stands between these two extremes.
He is kind and patient, but firm.
His effort is to convince the cult that he is "boss."
He has the horse under control always; to accomplish this it is not necessary to knock the horse down ery time you approach him.
As we usually have from ten to fifteen head of draft-bred horses, I will try and tell you how they are broken. We always halter-break when young, and handle frequently until three years old, when their harness education commence*.
First, the colt is quietly harnessed hi the stall and left awhile to view
himself.
CEYLON GREEN TEA
i
germs, aecorvlly, to retard the growth of those which do gain access to the
milk.
At milking time the milker sometime gives the udder and teats a few strokes with Iiih hire hand before
milking
shakes a shower of bacteria laden dust into the milk. If the milker wets his hinds with a stream of milk, this further softens the dirt on the teats and his hands, and the dirty milk drips into the pail, carrying a great many bacteria with it.
To avoid this contamination, the udder and surrounding pirts should be wip'd with a damp cloth; this not only removes much of the dirt and bacteria, but leaves the hair damp, ho that what remains does not fall off readily. The milker should wash bis bands thoroughly and th n milk with dry hands.
In spite of the best efforts, some bacteria will g««t into the milk; this makes it necessary to cool the milk as quickly as possible to 30 degrees or below. At a temperature of 93 degrees germs common to milk multiply JUU fold lii one hour, while at 65 de-
Always recognizee n good paiat 0 when he seem it, or when he uses K. He knows H pay# to use good paint, and that’s why so many painters ask for
imr
1 Good Painter
SUMMER SMILES,
Gutenberg
m
RAMSAY'S
PAINTS
The motion of milking
*

the printer's art bus produced during j five hundred years. It se. med st range , ? but she | tu niany of I ho visitors tint in some | ^ w hile 1 ve direction* there fois been bu little | \
The emfxAbnces of its working qualities, its great " covering" capacity, and its remarkable durability, fur both Indoor and outdoor une are aoine of its oheraoteriMice.
were

J
5
been going on
We of the muleeiith ternary Little Kliner—P i pa, what ib u pult-jt.4lQ barely surpass the beauty of tbe
mi terpiecei that issued from the ticiau, my son, is a man who hungers	wha h Aldus Mauutius set up at ^
a ml thirsts to sacrificed himself for x'enice in l-WO
gain
:
lii (Mdjicad—A	poil
llcianf Prof
SVT D mi
*
his country in limes of peace
Mrs Hat terso#ir—\N .foal I ’I ou have tuojt so much lime to print them breakfast at half past seven* isn’t that very earlyÂ Mrs. Cailertioui—
\e4. Hut it is neves»«ry now a.i.c my twenty volumes repies/nted quite a husband has given up business to p ay fortune, golf.
My foustound Loves mo dearly,
Slid u wife with knowing look;
How du 1 knowf U ell, because He eut» un y thing' 1 cook.
*
Uut tlie.se bunks weie for the rich
MONTREAL
*
that the edition.-» had to be small and
high priced. A private library of
; a
; *
The day of tfo* poor man dawned with the advent of the power press. That permitted the newspaper perfecting press and the typesetting
*
4
4
DR. HAMMOND-HALL’S
The
ev-
English Teething Syrup
4
machine, wonders of our own tune, Mrs. tiparkis-CaiVt you get that Mtill further cheapened the oust of grees only eight fold, and at 45 de- I stovepipe lugeilwei, Juhn* Kev. Mr. I the tiuok and made f he
are Pructioally iDaoti’,e-	I hjK..kH-No, 1 cumuii. Mary, aud il .1 |^iblti.
wasn't Ghat I'm a minister o£ the go*
penny paper
Comforts Crying Children.
POSITIVELY PREVINT! CHOLERA INFANTUM.
nilDCC COLIC, DIARRHŒA, DYSENTERY.
• • fl UUKtO HIVES end all TEETHING TROUBLES. • • ./>*
LARGEST SALE IN THE WORLD.
TT BRITISH CHEMISTS COMPANY.
4 Jq 85-% LONDON. NEW YORK. TORONTO.
There is now no man so poor that he Y
zi fur moi of the
STOMACH i'HOUBLB
pel i d kick the whole business to mily not ^ fu||y
world's doing*, as well as completely —	I Frayed Ferguson, reading— XX hen jn touch with the sources of culture
MAKES THE LIVE^OF THOUSANDS) de Boer army gits inter close uu.ir- yut OF PEOPLE MISERABLE.
piece®*
4
Johann Gutenl>e.rg was the VNtai y founder of the poor man’s opport uni-
ters it gits inside a laager
Willie*—JJey an us differ. We gits ; tiee, und it is well to remember thunk-*• outside a Juger an den usually gits fully the man who toiled in obscurity
An Explanation—(Judea taker, uo by- hz&Uon. slander at a funeral—Are you one of mourners/ Bystander—1 sir. Undertaker—Whut relation to defceueedf Byetandca—None at all— but he owed me. $¦>.
* A
4
ni
lu III,
Th.n a strap is fastened on the end of thn harness tugs, and the breaker stands behind the colt far enough to
b»- out <>f reach of his heels and rubs him with the tug, as he would be From {he Watchman, Charlottetown, j the
Mrs. John Holland, of Ta rant urn,
rink rill* raped H r After Oilier Uedlrlne* Failed.
m ;
« *
4
4
4
am,
rubbed when hitched
One of the most dangerous and repulsive forms of Kidney Disease is
if the colt is going to kick in bar- P.K.I., in well known and highly re-mss, we thus find it out before hitch- »pected in the community wh re she
resides
POULTRY, BUTTER, ECCI, APPLE#,
and other PRODUCE. I# eaeare beet rwulU •onsif» *
The Dawioq Commission Ce., Linyted,
ONLY WISE PLAN.
Her marriage seems to be happier thin the majority of that kind.
Yes, and it's all owing to (be, wisdom of her father. Instead of settling u fortune upon th(iro, he gives his titled son-in-law an alia want* that is to cense if they ever, aop-arate.
Oh, I see. Instead of buying i husband for her he has secured one on a salary.
The P ilmist—This line in your hand indicates that you have a very hi ilium future ufovad ol >cm— Simkins— Is Umt sof The Palmist—Ïvs, but the other line indicates that you are too slow to ever catch up with it.
Wigg.e»>-So*me persona hold that ihero Is no su b thing as perfect h p-
For some years her life was
ng
When he will stand around and be- one of misery and suffering, having
I wen an acute sufferer from that coin.
have nicely in the stall ha is bridled
leaving the halter under the bridle. ,U'JI* *°® nf humanity, dyspepsia Next is the leading.
This is Upside a well broken horse, Ito htjalth through the agency of that • Iso harnessed; the colt always on the wonderful remedy, I)r. Williams’ Pink .ff side	Pills for Pale People, call id upon
Holland to obtain particulars, P^oss in tiiis world Waggi-s-Uu e«
those persons never watched a young
ïitHUIB
A
reporter hearing of h r restoration
I
I
i
for which Dodd's Kidney Pills are the only certain cure. In Dropsy the Kidneys are actually dammed ud, and the water, which should be expelled in the form of urine, flows back and lodges in the cells of the flesh and pu ft's out the skin
which plugs up the drain. Restore the Kidneys to health. There is only one Kidney Medicine
: Brass Band
Mrs
I he h;i Iter «trap La securely tied in
lhr ring on the older horse and "hich were cbe''rtulllr «iven “ foU leada the colt by a strap on hi# bridle, lows:-"About four years ago I be-
Always keep the oolt up even and cum® very ***> 1 was
he will not try to hang back when “ dUtressi“* ‘min in my iriven.	accompanied by flashes of heat and
Those attacks wore generally *uii h is greatly troubled
vvmum in oblivious contemplation of
Instrument», Drum», Uniform», Etc.
Every Town can have a Band
Loweet prices ever Quoted Fine estaiogue 600 llius trstloDi msiled free Write ui for enfthing le
Music or Musical Instrumente.
Tsronlo. Out, eed WmuipM. Mae
attacked with 1 hat brand-new ring on the ihrd lin-
etomach, °* ^er loft baud.
Mrs. lion—They say that Mrs Swift-
THE FAR REACHING
Perfume o-f n good n inn heralds i he claim i hat Putnam's Painless Corn Extractor is a sure, certain, and painless remedy for corns. Fifty imi lions prove it to be the best, druggist s.
Remove the filth
with in, Mr. IJoon—Yea 1 under»! and
cold
- <¦— - -« arris. Z""".,rja
js;—r	z:: »z. z	»
1 in, with sudden changes of heat and exercise a peouH&r influence ovei her
husband. Mrs. Noah Tall—She dots.
Whaley Royoa A Co.,
V
At
?ftRONTO CUTTING SCHOOL offers op*»»'
1 t ages to all deatruiM of acquiring a thorough know lodge of Cutting an I Kitting Gentlemen m Garments, tfnt. lu, pwiiculM., 113 reng. It., Taranto.
Dodd’s
Kidney
Pills=
DOESN’T MATTER.
I The Fiancee—Poor fellow!
I confessed * hat I was not the only gir. ! be ever loved.
i The Confida nte—Oh. well, that doesn’t in ke any difference ' The Fianv.pp—O' course not; ho
. seenued to be afraid it in ght.
He
Dyeing ! Cleaning 2
I was so reduced
cold in my feet
in strength 'is to not be able to walk h 18 preserved an alleged poem he
To wrote when he was a young man, and
For tbs tery br»t «end jour work to lbs
“BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO.”
Look for kjcut in your town, or sesi direct.
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec
ROOFIHC and 8neet Metalwork*.
H ¦ 1 ™ U HOOTING MI,AT* in Bitch
BLATK BLACKBOARDS (We .upr-lj I'uhic ttixl High Schools. Toronto) Routing Veil, Fnek Roal Tar, oto. ROOFÎNÔ TIL* (9 * New City Sell*
___	n*e- Tor"Tit x done by our Arm). Metal Ceilings, Cee
, ^	__ A _	sloes,etc. 1. aiiu tei furnished fur wurk c oumleie or foi
The ^Balmoral,” FreeBue^
AVENUE HOUSE
_______ per day.	j Land wnrr* and f.u\mT* des-'iu* to nr-,curt- FRUIT
8T. JAMES' HOTEL-T.LW: ?Kfi5	KhZ
Railway. First-ties* Commercial House. Modern !¦ find here UrtKla s trees, strong and vigereua, nud well pro?euie*»ie— Kates moderate.	a«U,»ted to the climate t f the country » an extremely
lew price OrJtr direct from ut lly thi* mens* you will save the pr tit* of agent* and merchant*.
Post.paid :!Iustri'tc4 catalogue of 61 pages with direction* for preparing remédié» for the dee' ruction ;*f insect* on fruit tree*. ro*e-huehei, etc-, sent on receipt of 10 cent*. The KahTshn Townsmi* Nviuieur, Lswreovefdle, Que.
DAIRY AND STOCK NOTES.	.. t	....
,	any distance without resting
,StIck your n<>S9 into that cream-	wî>rk j ,iare not attempt. 1	began	whenever	he geia obstreperous	she
•ry, and mi iff! What does it »ine||	to feel that I could not live very long	threatens	to read it to hm.
Iikf? Il it smell* like anything
^Pt what bt is,
that nose around
Wiu’II find some dirt! Now, what's
'hat doing there f	| various advertised medicines
Here you, boy! Whit are you withoiit any benefit resulting. 1 was "«<1-1 picked them out myself eh ising that cow fori	Don’t you	the second	box of the pills be-	P,CIU1C *n ifor	c*.n was	nuch pret-
know that your father keeps her	((>re l(elt atiy benefit, but from that	,ier	than those-	on any of	the others,
for her milk, and that she won't	my rwxrvery ww rapid. I used	in ail I	Heavens,	tonal You look as d	you
be able to give as much as she	(jVe boxes of the pills, and have	never	had run your fare into an electric	ian.
rIjouM if you race her	like that Î	folt better in my	life than 1 do at the	Nt>-	It’s music	that's responsible for
Mind, now; you let her	walk after	Resent moment.	All the disagree- 1 lti*'	Mu*le*
able sensations that accompany dys-
M ike everything on the farm pay for its own keeping. Apply this rule to all your stock—old cows, bulls and dogs, as well as horses; no more that blind sheep than that ancient hog.
If the. creature pays do profit you don't want it.
Mr. Ne/wliwetl—tmvdness, wL^re did
Re-1 pr flretp
ex-
in my present condition. I was re a creamery, push dut,ed iu weigllt to 115, pounds. Two yc,u eet	peachest, Mis. New I in
some more. Aha I
DOING IT EVERY MINUTE.
Teas—Miss Phiiaay is in for everything. She is constantly doing something.
Jess, who recognizes Miss Phussy as a rival—Yes, but the one ih.ug she is doing moût constantly she won i admit.
Tess—Whit's that?
Jess—(flowing older.
MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTORY
years ago 1 began using Ur. Williams' w Way
Jkfore this I had tried They do-n't taste very good. Are they
but *'he beet you could get/ Mrs. Ne wil-
dcard Mr. Nealiwed—
Dink Pills

EASTERN TOWNSHIP kVRHRV
The
will
STRAPPED.
Boulton—l didn’t meet Jack Good-heart at the restaurant to-day.
Upton—No; Jack is a married man now, and it’s three days since day.
My ba rbe r s
very susceptible to music, and while he was shaving me t o-day an organ-
Yes
Cold was Found
In the discovery of »o wonderful a remedy as NerviJine—nerve-pain cure. No remedy in the market affords such prompt relief for toot hache, neuralgia and ibeumatism. Its action in cramps, colic, Ac., is simply marvellous.
A LIST OF
pepsin have vanished ; l can enjoy my meals With relish, and m> weight has 6™‘der came along and began play-
increased from 115 to 13» pounds. It	one *	rag-Ume lunes.
I don't know whether going into
politics bas changed my husband for
the better or not, said the woman
MISCELLANEOUS
MACHINES FOR SALE
pay
is now more than a year since 1 discontinued the use of the pills, and as I have not bad the slightest touch of the trouble in that time I feel safe in saying that my cure is permanent. I would strongly advise others suf-ering from stomach troubles to give Williams' Vink Villa a fair
Beware of Comments for Catarrh that contain Mercury.
at mercury will ?uvely destroy the ecm-e of •mell and « omplotely derange t he wholeeyetem when entering It through the murons surfaces.
Y««, -bar, a nice piece uf Jewelry. '	I
said Johnny, looking at the new scarf con possibly uerltc from them. Ha l • siai î n en. Baeli oroei.e Railing. 400 Feet Firello*#, II •einy
, Cu-e. nianufaf lured by r.J. ( heney tC « o . I o- Riw&m Pr. -h, KJe tre P ating Dy. ame, New t'pnght pin and handing it back, nut it's gold kdo 0.. cootaitii ttu mercury, mid in Ilmen In I Piano. Wat.hmans Clock. Ha d Fire Engine, rira
tern.ill/, ailing directly upou the hlcvl and Proof <uu Banktu S»fe. Tree* P atw aid Pap-i*. In-iiiucnu» hOrfare* of the syMoni. In buying t»1,U » Chair, R'*am Pil<-fh-.wvr Hammer 8ii foot Trout
A.,,,....... æïissspissl
free.	,	.	Pr«d*. Serer.il Hydraulic Ham*, fw<- Typewriting Ms-
Sold by Druggists, price inti per wo lie.	ehine*. 50h p Electric .Moror. I'wo Ore Bucket*, Twe
Hell's Kamil) Ville are the best.	I Mraai Kouk Drll*. One Hand Hock Prospecting Ur ill,
< -ne iet l>a'iediy Ma« hio"e. Itu'tcr Duh Ma-hme. Automatic Knife Grinder. En» Mi <:«¦ Kmtt ng Machine, f.'O Si in-lit Hand .lark. Wool Duster, Ntwapaper Folding ifuihme, Two Little «liant Wat r Wheel*. Bern Crain Chopper»; al* t 11 i ne of k,rwine»r»‘ and Mi
I'm going to marry a man with half j Men's Supplies s ni for Supply Oat» logue. a million dollars, said the girl in the •	M We PETRIE’ Toronto,
bicycle suit.
I'm glad to hear it, said the other girl. Who is he f O, I mu*n’t tell you that. He hasn't got it all yet.
AS FOLLOWS-
\oung pigs often hive large appe-
Never let
Set of Tinsmith's Took, Pc cr Meal t hopi-er and Stuff,-r. Steiiu Fee.I < ooker for farm use. No 4 Roots
STANDING UP FOR IT.
HE WAS THERE!
He knocked at the jxick door of a suburban house and the nook opened it. He was a sinister-booking fello.v and lube cook held on to the door.
Lidy of the house at home/ he inquired, gruffly.
No, trembled the cook.
Master of ibv house at home?
tite« and poor digestions th'-ru gorge down a quantity of sloppy food
lhe stomach becomes stretched, the gastric juices dilated; the stomach cannot contract and act upon its contents, and indigestion and scours results.
^ hen testing a herd of cows, some
Dr
trial.”
Dr. Williams' Vink Villa cure by going to the root of the disease. They and build up the blood and
filled.
Well, so's my tooth ! fiercely ex claimed Archie about that.
renew
strengthen the nerves, i bus driving disease from the system Avoid imitations by insisting that every box you purchase is enclosed in a wrapper bearing the full trade mark. Dr. Williams' Vink PiUs for Pale People. If
suppose that the average of the individual tests made should be th< as the herd test made by sampling the whob* of a day's milking in a mistake.
1 OR OVER FIFTY YEAR*
MRS. WINSLOW 8 SOOTHING KYRUP hae been u„d by mothers for their children teething. It soo he* the child, eeftou the gums, wllsy* pwin. cure* wind oolie. and U the be»t remedy for diarrhea i% a bottle. Hold by all druggist# through out the world. B# ears sod oak for " Mrs. WIds ow s Soothing Syrup.
No
•a me
HER HOLDEN FUTURE
iut
None of the people in?
None but me,” and she tried to »hui the door.
But this The herd test, or a
Abl never mmd, He growled, set-	----
ting has fool against it; I’ll come in WHAT \ DIFFERENCE IV MAKES and have a good feed. Lei go that door.
composite test, may be more or less than *uch an average, because richer or poorer cows may give more than average quantity of milk
would increase or diminish the test of course.
You
a ;
The Canada Permanent and Western Canada
Mortgage Corporation.
your dealer does not keep Lhem they will be send postpaid at 50 cents a box, or six boxes for $2.50, by addressing the Dr. William^ Medicine Co.. Prock
She—Am I the first woman you ever loved.
She let go the door, and the tramp He—Yes. Am I the first man who went in and fell into the arms od a ever loved you ? burly puiu'etnan who wae the rook contrary to orders
an
This
ville Ont
w p c lose
courting	She—Contemptuously— You
suiting!
ire in
«re a regular attendant at Sunday meeting, are yoù f You can st;in«l the two-hour service without
ABOUT LIGHTNING
{{fries— Canada Permanent Building,
Toronto St., TORONTO.
Bmawcs Omet* -
Winnipeg, ftMn. Vmoewver, B.O., St J*he, MB.
CALVERTS
If lightning strikes a tree after a long period of heavy rain, when the whole surface of the tree is damp, it generally does very little harm to the tree and often none at all. If, on the other hind, ths tree is struck when its surface is dry it is more severely damaged, because then the elt-o-tric spark will descend by a line of lower resistance along the damp wood under the bark. In this case the heat of the «park instantly produces steam
ire minute to a very high pressure under the
bark, and it is generally blown up.
Carbellc Disinfectants. Soaps, Olnt ment. Teeth Powders, etc., hare here awarded 100 medals and diplomas for seperlnr
SFBfcSCESgSF • |«mjw ^ «mjmj;
a murmur, eh? How about your horse? I* he tied in the sun in sum-Hfc'r, or in the wind without a blanket ki winter? Say, did you leave him checked up so ho couldn't bend his head down without yanking his mouth out of shape? What do you suppose hri thinks of your religion?
'MyC <#iz JH*/
Ai Xf Al+VAJt ,
Cf* /ôtejdbâns
F. C. CALVERT a CO.,
ENGLAND
MANCHESTER
Money to Lean.
A til Witte wine a Males B##rge Coodsrham.
LAW I
Deposits Received
aed Interest Allowed

i
SUMMER CARE OF MILK.
!hr souring of milk is due to bao-i ¦terh.
j ¦forms of pLnt Vm
Catholic Prayer	«
IDI «lt>ue l‘iciui«e, flUluery, *u l Ohureh OruaeroU* ”• *• ItdueeUoesl Wort#^ g	wStTMA^ J N*a*»ly
S
Debenture» Ivvsnd Is Sterling psd Cur*
Beatty.
!
i h'we berfeiia
kUA like corn or
I


*
###PAGE###8###
-


1
r
It Takes all Kinds
LITTLE THINGS ALWAYS COUNT !
01 SUITS
ARE KNOWN BY THEIR HT AND FINISH_________
of people to make a world, so it must necessarily
take all kinds of
Boots and Shoes
to suit those people, and prices must be right.
Our aim is to furnish customers with the host of everything in Tweeds and Linings. Our standard is quality, that being in our opinion the most eloquent salesman. Prices are
always satisfactory.
Khaki,” (what the gentlemen ordered South wear) we have it. Call and see it.
“ Save the cents and the dollars will take care of themselves” —by always buying from us....
9
; >

0 »
1
The Publie

5
?
*
may rely cn getting our goods at the
Lowest Market Price
as wo always buy for cash, thereby securing
the discount.
!
?

• We submit the following for your consideration this week :
IVjen’s Cloth Pants at IVjen’s Duck Pants at IV|en’s Duck Shirts Men’s Silk Neckties Women's Cotton Hose
ALL STRAW GOODS AT COST PRICE I
!
*
:
il
?
m
!
$1.00
!
i
nx. STEW
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAW VILLE, -
65
ALF. R. F/jcGUIRE,
!
!
#
*
?
60
e
QUE.
!
*

15
’INOXON
Victoria
BINDER

THE WAR.

5
s
i
f
n
m
m
y
M

British Reverse at N.'trnl Nek

Z

--AL
Poiliac Pacific Mellon E?
f
/
London, July I- — L rd R»ber*s ro ports to ti,e W..r Vfti:v, under date of
Pretoria, July 12, as follows : —
“ The enemy, having failed in their attack upon our right rear, as nentio ed in in y telegram if J u’y th ma 'e a deter ;i | mined attack upon c-ur r'ght tl i: k yca:er j day, au.1 1 rvgiet to Bay, succeeded in capturing Nitral's Nik, which was gar'	» 4t> I risoned by a njuadri n f the 8c >ts < treys
‘	s H two guns ; f a battiiv of the H yal, J
•	son Artillery and five companies cf the Lin-
‘ J-JJj I colnshire Regiment.
The enemy attacked in superior 7.18 I numbers at dawn, and, se.'z r.g the hill ,*! ^A0l commanding the nek, brought a heavy "	#*a I tiro to bear up >n the email garrison.
“ Nitrai's Nik if about eighteen miles from here, near where the load crosses ?heCr codile river. It was he’d by us in order to maintain road and telegraphic communication with Rustenberg,
“ The fighting !as*e 1 m re cr less throughout the d«y ; au Î immediately on
C/
I
f. Nv
-we
OfScial Time Table :
5 I T.. 5J FT. ANL 0 FT. i VT.
Highest Drive Wheel Ma ’<*. lira** Boxes.
Seventh Roller for Klvvator.
X]1 the latent and best Improvements
i
^‘1
A M
*
Arrive 9.45
A y liner
fP.rv -keuridge
CEardley Parker s Crowing t'Mohrs Quyou Wyman's tTank Bristol McKee's Shaw vil le Vlarli's
Campbell's Bay tTauk V Vinton Cou longe * Mellon’s Waltham
5.46 Leave
'.my
PORK.—A few good Hams at 9 cents per lb.
6 00
6.12
S..\-
6.18
I
8.5t
M
6.26
**
6.37
6.47
6.66
î»
N
6.56
»*
7.04
7.26
f

Twine.
t&4
7.31
V
7.16

8.00
»
8.08
t
8.12
Since advertising Binder Twine the manufacturers have reduced prices 1 cent per lb., and our customers get the benefit of this reduction.
*
8.30
At
I
t
8.47
leave t>. 0
856 Arrive
•Flag Station. tTauk. VF'ag Station
LIMITED, f
J
INGERSOLLj
vv v Ont.J
+.JW

Connecting with Hull E’ectric Railway at Aylmer.
P. W. RESSEMAN
general st FEWNTENPEM | receiving information early this mon
>.f the encmy’s strength, I spat reinforcements fr- ui here under V Godfrey, of the King's Own Scottish Borderers. Before, however, they reached the spot, the garrison had been evtr-pjwercd, n:*i the ju».s and a great< i
Taking effect Oct. 10, 18»-1
V'-’O p m I shot, ale » ab at a.ntty men of the Liu o :o a.no. | coin regiment,
" A list • f the casualties has not beeii received, bu 1 fear they r.ro heavy.
41 Simultané' u»ly an attack was made n our outpi-sta near V ir-.Vni rt, north .-f the town m which the Seventh Dra goons were engaged.
The regiment was handled with considerable skill by Litut -Colonel Low and kept the enemy in check until tin y retired on their supports and w u!d probably have s j tien1, bjtel'ght 1 its had not our troops mistaken some Boers in the
E. HOGGINS & SON.
I
V
ne! The
OTTAWA&GATlNEAURY
MM’iif
im
y
<
Oxford Clipper,
FRONT AND REAR CUT
- ;€• MOWERS C>
1
I


Fall and winter Tsme Table

It’s a Decided Fact
That our new Mill is giving the public entire satisfaction.
Quality of Wheat Up-to-date Machinery Competent Millers
Xre drawing tho trade our way. All leading bakers of Pon-
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa.
no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa
Nos. 1 and 2, dally except Sunday.
For tickets and further information apply to K. C. Arnold!. Ticket Agent, 9. Spark
Uen’l sup’t.
<
ALL SIZES
1 Rail Refiling
With Rolle.
Serrated Ledger 1'lutes if desired
o
Ask our agent to show you the new Patented Rail Rearing Knife
Clip.
o o o o o o o
Wo also man ifacture the best and most c
mlete line of Cultivating and Seeding Implements on Earth, comprising Spring Tooth Cultivators, y tit It with grain ami gras* sowing attachments if dcsivvil.) Spring and Spike Tooth Harrows, Disc Harrows, Grain Drills, (all kinds) Horse Raises,
tivn and ratchet dump) etc., etc.
If you deed anything in our line send for our 1900 Illustrated Catalogue, (sent free.) You will find it very much to your interest to do so.
TIMS CARD,
In Effect JULY 2, 1900. |buihp« fo! our men
41 Smith-Dornen had a successful en-sagement with the enemy yesterday near Krugcredcrp and ii.M ettd heavy them.
ic are using our Flour. The farmers get same quality in exchange
f
For sale at all times : FLOUR, FEED & MEALS.
EASTERN DIVISION. Trains daily between
SB 01
IIit.iiKM* Market Prick raid in Cash for Wheat
THE NOXON CO., Limited, IngersoII, Ontario.
44 Duller reports that the B ers who were destroying h m lit e or railway near Paardekraal were driven off yesterday After a short action.
44 Hurt reports from Heidelberg that the surrendering of Lxr arms and am-muniti n continues i:i that district.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 2 HOURS, v MINUTES
Eric E Smith, A! Mr A Smith, i>ouk. Mr ami Mrs .lohn Smi' h. bible, Miss Jennie Murphy,
bvrry^te
glas
lud 1, set g’a-s di<hc
For Service.
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot : -
a fc.I? A. M.-Local—Stupa ut all intvnuediytr stations. Arrives Montreal	lto>l.lai.l
Bran. h. H.twkesV’iry Branch, Valiev • at Coteau Junction, for Von.wall nn-l j
lui
Furniture !
The undersigned off er for -vrvi roughhred (registered) hhortho iccently pu reliai d at Vei .ton. ()
#1.00 per head, hut a re.in Nor made to parties hr!aging N*i -N.
Lot No. J, Range -V larendi n.
E. T. DROWN] FRANK ARM- . RONt
M
(ira t* Murphy, hvI hen, 2 pair y Fades, glass t.‘ rnmb duster, i i-ut’er servers.
. pair urtains. Ina pepper tray. Mr and rm tea set. Miss So-
1
Miss J Rid Miss 1
v-
4 WVft
la
i
Latest tews to inn 1 from China adds to the gravity of tl.e Bituati-m. There seems now scarcely a i ubt tint ail the foreign residents of P*Li"n have be m ki.
ed «'«me of them meeting death ia the *¦;;"1	< .	,r
most horrib'e manner. A despatch from i*;!: 1 •>ruwPa,r Tolis I, ngo Tien T«m, dat.d July U, isys 7,000 of H-ner,	: toy.elMr Samuel Ralph,
che aid dtnopa arewpted 'o storm th cru no tray and nr v h. oiiss ixatv Ryan, 'V I walls of tjie native cUy and were repu Bed î';41- * 1	- ns* I.aHie i liomns, cake
"i: with heavy Ui by 20,000 Chinese, who i'^'v •Iu:lV 1 'f' crumb tray and 'T* I nanned the wall*, and poured d wn a ‘	^ V N.iv.ai‘:i, table cloth,
deadly hail of lead upon the besiegers, vlv J >rjr]my, mut « ozvn mlror knives The American troops suffered terribly iimt ,u: KS* Mr Marshall Armstrong, half and the whole allied farce were in peii J'*"*?. , :‘VI" ycr.crs and laFer dmo. of teint- annihilated.	Mr " P»'*. cheese dish. Mrs S Howea,
cheese dish and half a dozen preserve dish es, Mi>s E J Hamilton, lamp doily.
md Mrs Geo Ebert, $5.00gold piece. Mr anil Mrs Jus Armstrong, silver fruit dish. Mr W Burton, linen table cloth. Mrs John Smith, 1 dozen table napkins and table cloth. Mr. Uoht T Armstrong, agate tea pot. Mrs John Hudgins, berry ?et. Mr John Hudgins, gro.un’s cake. Mr Fred Richardson, bread and cike and pearing knife. Mr Geo and S trah Mce, glass cruet set. Miss Jennie Watson, 1 dozen butter servers. Mr John Terift', half a dozen berry dishes. Miss 8 H u vev, glass fruit dish Mr and Mrs J< hn Homer, parlor rocker. Mrs F Schwartz, pair towels. Mr Alfie Brownlee, glass cuke tray. Mi a Emma Horner, ghos cake plate. Mr llaminie carving set. Misa L Thomas, China cake plate. Mr Robt Jones,
Iiss Maud Jones, set of Mrs Geo M Beach, tray Mr Wm Horner half dozen sil-
Ms\ A Judd, set of t. M r J ohn 1* glass fruit dish. Mr and Richardson, large mirror
iiO.00 A.M . L uited. anivf< M •
v. h i. -
X. Rli'l
1
I
fl
cr. John A S Frr. t r. hn f :
P.i
Rv. M
making eh « Exprès» forQTel points east. P'iV
\

H
t
1rs \Y
i • ra
I'd
1

Vi
t

18.CC A.M. -
Parlor Car r.'ta
urniture I
ays
I
I
i
A
—Stop#
ald.40p.rc. Puh.un Ccnnerts with trains f -r f
f»
a4.20 P. M.. i
Arrives attached
all	as! f ‘1	" I r Vaih yl:«
all points south <>f the St. Lawret •<• Kh>-Albans. Burlington, et ni., Ni Y rk 7.20 ... ing Car, Ottawa to Now
nT.CO P. M. La al—Stops -t I Arrives Montreal 10.lv pim.
Junction for Corn wall, Kmgst etc. Lias Pullman Parlor C..r ;u Montreal
ii

prm
*
.
Arriving II>t
4
Look out for the New Things !
Our Spring Lipe of Furniture is out of sight 1
Would you like to see it ? If so drop in and inspect stock,
nnc-Iiate -
inntctu Li
a
Trains arrive at Ottawa C *na al Dt p -t :
*V-VC '	; v‘ : S n,M V ' . Til! , Went
at 7.45 a m. st*•!*« at all l-cni stations. H.. a list of the presents received by Mis. through Buffet Bleeping Car New York to Ottawa. | Ju}m Hamilton on the CCOa^ii il ’« f hei al.25 P. M. Limited-F
The full
ng
Mi
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of
MILK PAILS,
MILK PANS, BREAD PANS DISHES of a!! I\inds
ALSO A FULL LINE OF
AGATEWARE
Montreal and paints
«•asi, leaving Montreal at 11.00 a.n.. llae Pullman Bailor Car.
marriage on June 20th : —
Mr. and Mrs. John Ebert, sideboard. #7.35 p. M Local- Fr-m Montreal. VnlUy rid at 1 | Mr an 1 Mrs Allan Smith, pair cf blankets intermediate points, Cornwall, Kingston, T romo. i and bed spread, half a dozen towels and a and points west. Has Pullman Tartar Csr, Leaving | pair of scissors. Mrs Hamilton, mother Montreal at 4.10, pi in,	of the groom, half a dozen silver krtive-
1-9.10 P. M. Sunday only, r-om Montreal a I in- and forks, and 1 dozen silver teaspoon-, termtdiate points, leaving Mont’cal a? 5.'A p.n . Mj8S Lucy Ebert, sister of the bride, tin
’	boiler. Mr and Mrs tie,,.	K-droorr.
Pallman P..l«r C»r .ttaclr.d,	I ^ of crockery. Mies Katie an,I Miss An-
nie Ebert, dinner set. Mr and Mrs Hen Judd, pair towels. Mr ( eo. Smith, pair of woollen h’ankets. Miss A ? ad 41 r T Armstrong, nickel tea pot. Mr and Mrs Mur* in Ebert, preserve dish and 1 dozen servers. Mr and Mrs Arthur Mulligan, berry dish md 1 dozen server-. Mr and Mrs Hayes, glass pitcher. Miss M A Bulan, half a dozen berry dishes, photo and tooth brush. Mr,
Richardson, vinegar and M*mp jt;
John If Brownlee, so: of glass dt.<l Geo W Prendergnsf. oil nainting, ami \V Horner and Miss M A and ner, set of glass dishes silver pickle jar. Mr Roht («rant, water pitcher. ilr Eddie and Annie Hamilton crystal water set. Miss M| Hamilton \% âter set. Miss Aggie Grant, hern dish
in Parlor Suites
I
#
Frame are New Coverings are New Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
?
dIO.15 P. M. Limited—From Montreal leaving fit 7.60 p.m;, connecting with I. C. By. Expren fie i all points #ast. Iks Pullman fttr.or Car.
t
>
Middle and Western Divisions
What’s the use of making a stump speech every time you try to sell a
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
8 15 A. M. For Arnprlcr, Renfrew. Eganvillc, Pci broke, Barry*» I3ay, Whitney. Canoe Lake, Pui Sound and intermediate point».
4.40 P. M. For Am prior, Renfrew, Egan ville. Pc: broke, Madowaska and intermediate st
1.00 P. M. Mix"! Train forArnprior, Renfrew Eganville, Madawatkaaiid intermediate station*.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central D pot :
A.M. From Msdnwaxks, Pembroke, E.nn Renfrew, Arnprh r	points.
5.55 P. M F	ry Bound, 1	- Mr Judd, Lamp. Mr Jus ( artio, )>it*k!«	, .	.
frtw. Am prior and Intermediate point».	set. Mr. John Baird, pair ouncils.	Mrs	i orngan, M views	mil	scope	|
X.60 P- M. Mixed Train* from Madawuika, Erin.	Baird, 2 cups and saucers. Mr Andrew	Russel (’lark, eviVro	tahîo	cover.	Miss
vit!®, Renfivw, Ampriorand Intermediate «tâtions.	Davis, curving set. Mr and Mrs	Jim	Lizzie Clarke, sofa cushi n.	Miss	Cafiftie
«-.Trains r inuing daily ex iptfcundar,	Judd, trav and water set. Maude	and	# ’lflVL FPt t dhff mnta
b-SundL	Della Ralph, clock. Mr and Mrs A Mutch	1
silver hi i tr MDs Emma II gins, 1< k. J MulliO, t»ct of glass dis
Central Dept, Russell Sense Block
David Reaver, «et of glass dishes. Mr and Mn Williams, set of glass dishes.
Mrs Titos Eadcs, porridge set. Mr. George
Vn
an inspection of which is invited
K
Bedroom Suite Spring Mattress, Wool Mattress Parlor Table,
Hall Rack, or Lounge ?
Show the products of the best manufacturers,—they do their own talking.
Sideboard Extension Table Dining-room Chair, Kitchen Table
and Mrs Wm lgs. Mr
carving sot. toilet mats cloth
ver dessert fc|MH»ns
irons
Arinin ng Mrs r;
and Mrs John C Richardson, berry Messrs. Torn and Willio and Mips M;
9
9
Stoves.
Mi
It'S
t
Mr S Î Hor-
Mr X\ illie Grant.
*
>
Mif-s Sly, horry -x
U
Vhe balance of our stock of S' he cleared out at reduced ligur
es t

9
v‘8
Mi
Kitchen Chair, Bedstead,
"d?
f et
Roofing Contracts taken
and estimates furnished.
ivgie
Mr
C. E. WAINMAN,
CUTHBEfjTSON, GRAtfAM & ELLIOTT,
Shawville
OTTAWA TlCKLT OFFICES
In a recent wind-etorm the wal'e in the burnt Wright block in Renfrew were blown down. The Morcu’-jr	that
builders estimate Mr. Wngbte loss at from 11,000 to $2,000 by the ga’c.
S.—Top price for Hides and Felts.
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
Ticket* to Europe and all *art* rf tie world by all American and Caiuduui steamship liner, also Cock's
tour*.







I
