###PAGE###1###











SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
o. 17. 23th Year.
THURSDAY, OCT. 9, 190J.
$1.00 a Ye a it
in Advance.


at I
MIi.linury,—Go to Mr*. McCre<iie'
¦I'lc f< i fall Millinery.
A cholee stock of picture frai ing • ImisoMH Si ml In.
For enlarging, copying, viewing, plcftm framing and photos of Urn host finish go to InilaonN Photo Studio.
M
run
J. O. Elliott
mclo ill his fl
ex hi hi toil tory in the
'•if ui« mi 1'iir . n, ft* C#
t A Shoe Store had an at*
i.
W
kef
I




I]

Ilf it! 0 fflccl
OTTAWA. CANADA
OPENING
'
1.1
f I
OP CANADA.
Chf'lUl j>aid ni
nn

P »>
ll.'ll IIIU

Beet
1.7


¦ c
?!
burdiut
It.
noktditig tool*, cutlery, shell limit ion and tire arms, the ar-"f which was particular!)
Board of Director$ :
xhiliit #»f
had
m
I I tV
harm:» Maoris, Ehq., President. CfBOROK Hay, esq .Vice-President.
Hos. Oé». UarsoN, Jr.
A» it "
! M ere I
cal *• Probs” on Wednesday last, was the indoor section* of the dis n AAA aaa c .unted superior to anything <
- Z,UUU,UUV. | Mwmhhd together within the
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000. RESERVE FUND,
S,
lever before well of 01 ( 'rider tho con-
rHîi'n#t
âiu2 i\
neuf
John Maihkk, E*q.. David MacLakk*, Km*.
ALki. PluMH, E-y ,
ÜWiHis MrnpHr, E*«j.
«pacious cxm
dit ions which prevailed a few year* .ig", I it would have I wen «imply im possible to hold snch an exhibition—and people m
then I an<l Id
Head Office, « Montreal.
We have just opened up and placed into stock a beautiful range of high class
General M*n»ger .. .. Mttnegnr
OeOROBBVRN. D. M. PINNTE
¦ Notes
'vo. J. Ilryson, Hugh Carton, u*.	I>. Taggart, Win. Shaw,
...eli were among the visitor* tl;< r.ijijtul who favored the Fair
ter presence.
e •

• e
• *
Bran< hr* ! IN ONTARIO:
Keewstln, KemptV lie,
Malta ws,
Ottawa,
k I
would not lmve attempted it because the facilities foi day which were
Money loaned on approved security at | lacking. And with this year's febuw the !frOO I
limit in tl igieet has i. an roaobed. with th mo that if future years are to evince continued expansion, more ro un will be Ayini rs representation on WeJnea* ¦1	change inaugurated day included several of the officials of
SAVINGS BANK.	| vvhereby space can be economized, as fur their agricultural society, namely, Presi-
example a reduction in the quantities, dent #*m. Kdcy, Secretary X. E. Cor Accounts openfrl for amounts of one «loi* t)10 existing system calls for.	I niier, si, 1 Messrs. Stewart and Routliffe,
lari and up ws rile and Interest allowed.	This year the number of entries record- | director». James Klock was also an
OrrH'K awn» “ 10 A.M.T0 3P.M. H wi,,‘ tlie8<)notary «aa far in excess of |intWWv d NwUtor.
BATUKWY. . . .	10 AM.TOi f.m. »”/ previous exbib.tion, M WM »Uo the	¦
F A. PARKER number of exhibitors—two facts which j MV*.lurry Moss and Mr. Dave Budii
WÊggÊÊ	Manager. 8° to show that the ¦	fcy is on the up- were ai,	n tin gent from Renfrew
ward move. Had the weather been at all who leiped out the show with their pro favorable there is no doubt, (having in ecnct. _Harry—jovial as ever-com-mind the large number of entries) the bined a little stroke of ** lnz ” with the outside display would have been on a par I pleasure of the affair in the line of horse• with that which tho hall contained. In I Aw# view of the adverse condition# the num-____	ber of horses that were shown f& well a?
A shooting match for turkevs will In* I tîm fpiulvy of tho animals was the inesfc hold at Edward II. MeeV. 8th range, on creditable feature of the exhibition. But Nov. 5th, to commence at 1 o'clock p. m. the unceasing rain during nil the forenoon Military rifles barred.	| and the muddy roads had its effect in the
extent and appearance of tho other stock exhibits. To bring animals out and have
t .	..	, .	them look well on auch a day was simply
ur stuff intend bucing their annual L widch few cared to engage in.
holiday next week, consequently there will bo seen by the prize list, however,
will bo no issue of Tiie Equity. The of. | several of the well known breeders wore
on hand with their animals despite the discomforts which they hud to contend with.
ill
8111W VILLE RIM Mil,
Lanark,
Parry hound, Pembroke, Rat Pmtsge, Winchester, Renfrew Toronto,
AlmndHs, ?m prior,
Aronwore,
Iwebridge,
uWM
Hawkesbury,
a
reasonable rates.
Farmer* notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all part m of the world

do Bank St.
de Hides#
do Somewt St. Win, heater. ¦ k Hill, Smith'» Falls.
in Manitoba:	I
PI**,
Furs

needed or some
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
Portage La Prairie.
IN QUEBEC :
,	Hull,
Agente tn Canola, New Tork and Chicago— Bank of Montreal.
Agente in St. Paul—Merchant* Nat Bank.
Agents Is Loudon, Eng.—Parr a Bank I-i d.
Lachute.
Montreal
for Fall and Winter trade. Intending buyers should look over our goods and get our prices. We are noted for selling the best Furs.
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
mw-itments, which we hope will pan "jt}» tifitahly—as of course they will,
iwm would knowingly Bell Harry a
poor m
Mi. Turn. Hally, of South Onslow, despite thu gloomy prospect, whs promptly ou hand with hie splendid general use atallkn, nn.l had the pleasure of adding another first prize to tho list of triumphs whie: this horse has scored. Tom says this makes the 14th.
SHOOTING MATCH
Secretary E Graham, Elmside, will be here on Thursday, 16th October, to pay oil prizes awarded at the Shawville Exhibition.
Clothing
Misa Annie Coxford, of Pembroke, in visiting at Mr. Richard Mitchell's.
Dr. McPhee, of Arnprior, will Attend person illy to all hw dental practice this
winter.
Mr. and Mrs. Tima. Brown, of the Wakefield House, Wakefield, were among the visitors at the Fair on Wednesday.
No Paper next Week.
An

Ready-to-wear, for men and boys. Have a look at the Overcoats we are showing, Our
prices are a little better than others.
An ol.jt the niri'.u
of particular interest among lispLtys which occupied the secoii! ti-Kfi of fhe hall, was a table cover brought from South Africa by a Canadian soldiv mud presented by him to Miss
The article was in the ver of black cloth emm g«dd and thread of other handwork—the product of na i giving sileut evidence that ni-barliavic land, the women ave the "[ante as well a# tho ability to .vu homes.
tiee, however, will remain open for tho transaction of business, attending to correspondence, etc.
s i
Reverting to the indoor displays, the obsur versa it onall sides the fullest inunifea-
Death lias again invaded the home of I cations of a roost prolific year. There was Grant, of Bristol,
Mr. Robert Smart, of Stark es’ Corners » horticultural display which any society form » t a taU<^o neighborlifwai, and claimed for its victim | in any chime might well to proud of, broiderec his eldest daughter, Miss Kate, who had I both in magnitude and quality of the colors -a been in delicate health for years, her ail- product*. In fruits also, the exhibits tive w mi mont finally developing into consumption, were excellent, while, of course not so in th which slowly wrought it* fatal work, extensive. Several varieties ¦tÊÊÊÊÊ Only a few weeks ago Mr. Smart lust his j snow n would be difficult to eclipse, even youngest daughter from the same cause, i in the great fruit crowing belt of Ontario,
Coupled with these sorrowful facts, it and the fact should give encouragement The judges—those individuals who on tuny be mentioned that Mrs. Smar, has	to farmers to give more time and	at fen-	such m	ms ^ms for tîie time bein^ at. least,
been au invalid for h i&rotractcd season,	tionTo the culture of fruit trees than they	!>ecom	. th; subjects of nil kinds of cnfci-
ande enri-ely ^ unable to perform her ha\o h-. en doing.	Men, * id upon whom a great deal of res-
household duties, while Mr. Smart is just rhere dairv exhibit including cheese, #i»netfr:ity 1 esta—were as follows : recovering from an attack of pleurisy..	butter, bread and honey, was an	ex.ep	jjuim	— tïëôrâe C*rav Newcastle Ont
Truly this is a case w here tho cup of bit-	tionnlly large one, and apparently	choice	(-1» t>rHainnerf Montit Vernon!
tehieSh has licen filled to overflowing, and m every resucct	&	, OncvUa, and Hwiue-W. H. Beatty
un V-r the exm", «Xr-j W	• I , Th# »	, •. v . , 1 • fi.-.vH, • -	... ,Jjai:;y t>,.; •/.
euma^^uu mm. 'inl.uBedvd kjw i ¦* »ui « gmu »?d	Cu-h, London, Ont, ir»rtie..l
fHXtfiyT* folfc Or ttow upon chum tho Vpetwr, the disphyof work» of ,y!. |,lW!Clarendon, Drawing
A real genuine C. P. R. locomotiv I .	*** M0 .unH?w,n8*y I f,l0cy x*ovk, etc..sh >wvd tost competition Und juvenile— Kobt Lawton, Shawville,
(but not one of the giants) hauled the ex-	«mart s remains were interred is particularly alive among the Indies it Fancy Work- Mrs. It. Woodley and Mrs.
press up tho line fur tho fi.st time un ^ St. 1 aul h church ccmetoiy on Friday would be simply out of the question to pt \m Parker, Shawville; ladies' Dept.— Wednesday night last.	a ternooii m presence of » large numlwr' I att«topt to particularize anything in the ] Mi»» Macfarlaue, Campbell’» Bay. In
| of sorrow ing relatives and friend-.	I bewildering collection that here struck two or three depart,ixmts the names of
SurKvVil iV.piî,l‘kj I Eva Telford A child of about 4 year’s I the beholder's eye. aa every species of | judges were not given in. Mr. Donald ljttt^”si,awriu!-* a«h>a»d(?Ut' Mrhvim ,,f"K°‘he y-.iingext child of Mrs. Tho. I fancy article- be it the product of brush ! MeUren, lewee o? Mr. J. <i. Eliott's 22nd; Campbell's Bay, 23rd; Cou loiige, ^4th: Telford of this village, died suddenly on or needle- seemed to be here in gorgeous ; ?HI'l,b wns the only coin pile tor for the and the following week commencing Wednesday night last, before medical aid | profusion. Apart from the exhibits pro- !x*dd medal oilered by the Caring Co., Monday, Oct. 27th, will he at Shawville. was called in to deteimine the nature of per there was a display made by the mer- Ifor t,lti ,H)St dressed farmer's waggon. His
her sickness, ow ing to the suddenness of chants and tradespeople of Shawville, j exhibit, however, was one which undoub-Wainman—Wall.—At Litchfield, Sep- the case, the medical hoard decided next which in every respect was noteworthy fe<^y n‘Vet have taken much time, care tomber 24th, by Rev. Win. Knox, of day to have their medical officers. Dr. and deserving of especial mention The snd ability to get up. It was simply a Beech burg, Air. Joseph Wain man, of Lyon, examine the body to ascertain if centre space of the hall was occupied by ! paving bigether in most artistic design Water ton, N. Y., to Miss Maggie A.	possible the cause of death. Dr. Lyon	Messrs. Brownlee & Wainman with g	<>? everything	prod,led	os	a	well	managed
Wall, of Shawville, Que.	reported that he found umnistakeable	magnificent display of Dominion organs |'^m - Mowers,	fruit,	grain,	vegetables,
symptoms of diphtheria, in the child's pianos and sewing machines. This ex- Mr. McLaren received many well Several of our townspeople attended niouth and thn^at, and ordered the buri.l hibit included ten high class instruments, deserved compliments on the exquisite
thé Bsachburg fair on Friday last,'Mayor of the child as speedily as possible, also and constituted the centre of attraction make up of this representative display.
A. Smiley ciptured a prize with his I the quarantining of Mrs. Telford's house for a large and interested crowd during'	Continued on 8th page,
standard bred colt, and he competed	Subsequently it became known that	the day. To say that the display was the
against some good ones too, as tho show	several of the neighbors, members of	best ever shown at our County fair
of horses was very large In some respects	different households, had been in the	would fie putting it mildly. The Art
the fair was not as good as that held | house, before tho medical examination | Dominion piano with mandolin attaclibéré, but had a large attendance.
President Roosevelt's efforts to end the coal strike have unfortunately failed
of success.
Wanted.—A young lady to take charge of our books, and attend to post office, must be a good writer and quirk and accurate at figure*. Apply at once.
E. Horn. 1 » & Son.
The man who took the precaution last Spring to stock his cellar with black diamonds, should he the most Am ten ted
individual oil top of this earth.
Mr. \V J. Mathvson mid Mr. K ley, of Russell, Ont., the latter an stock rainer of that section, were at the Fair on Wednesday, Mr. IMey
tdiNfiy pîetvwu nth the cîiattW or
exhibits.
& y
»
of Apples

New Lamps, Chinaware, Tea Sets and Toilette Sets now in.
extensive

%

was
< i the
1

i ~ 7 4

1

»v»i
J. H. SHAW.
/
1
«
0
P. S.—Buy your Vinegar here.
SHAWVILLE ACADEMY.
Model Department.
was made, so the board of health decided, nient is certainly a gem, and aa we listen I -I I I	as a precautionary measure, and on the ed to the beautiful selections by Mr. Dee-
ward The animal while being driven in I be an outbreak	of the	dreaded distsse	look forward to the time when ho will ; «rva (	aldwell ;	2,	Eva Morrison	; 3,	Wint-
the show ring, is said to have ruptured a amongst them.	At this	writing (monday	again visit us. In conversation with Mr.	Tucker ; 4,.Velma Wainman; 5.	Pearl
srï	tassa- e,r s ta&Mttx8r*a
chased the annual for about ?*w. tie that several houses are placarded with he informs us that the above firm control Dowell, Pearl Fades. was one of the best bred annuals in this the word “diphtheria" will no doubt the output of seven of the largest factor part of the country.	| create the impression in the minds oft Ma in North America, for Eastern On
I	I	HHH I	outsiders who do not know the circuro- tarioand the provinces of Quebec, New
The members of Court Shawville, 1. <>. F, stances that we haie an epidemic of the Brunswick, Nova Scotia arid Prince Ed-turned out to the number of nearly fifty disease in our midst. We therefore deem ward Island. This firm have tho reputa-on Sunday morning to take part in the jt our duty to assure all	who hoi 1 this	tion of being one of the most extensive
annual church prrmle. The brethren | impression, that	the quarantining of the	music houses on the continent. We con
attended service at St. Paul • church, and 1 hous3s, was done, as already stated, as gratulate Mr. Willis for having secured bad the pleasure of listening to a very in- rtn act of public sife yJHMHi ¦ I ËgT# I
structive sermon front the Rev. A, Ireland who although not a member of the Order himself, showed that he was fully informed as to its noble objects, and the genuin-nesa of the basis principles upon which it is founded.
HONOR ROLL FOR SEPTEMBER,
PROTECT YOUR SIGHT.
Present «training meant future suffer*
mtf
W$ will esamine pour •ye« free and recommend glasses only If absolutely beneficial. Satisfaction guaranteed.
Mms MacGregor, Teacher.
Fall Millinery
such enterprising representatives at Shawville as Messrs. Brownlee & Wain man, who have already disposed of a
large quantity of these instruments and An attractive display of Fall Millinery who inform us that they are letter pre- comprising pared than over to supply the wants of
4th Grade, w.-l, K«to Lett*. Grade the musical loving public. They respect | Ath ir —1 Mai v Morrison* 2 .Tame* fuly invite the public to call and inspect
ÜrEiSIi ErfcàiHEt S
In an Institute. After the usual opening Frost. 2nd Grade.—1, Hyman Hoi- th*t ,rD, wn? 0! l M particular of the meeting Inspector Gilman took gtein ; 2, Mary Bryson and Kthel Proud- Portlon of the building. Mr. Horners
sWÊËm BSs&Sii£::
teachers w ere entertained to dinner at the Primary 1st.—1, Ethel Bryson : 2, Grace * _	display of stove*,
Pontiac House. Uehould be aotloed that I Beach ; 3, Mabel Sharpe ; 4, David ranges, heaters etc.
was the election of officers for the next |	L. Carmichael, rubes, cutters, cream separators, as well
TWh»r as numerous other commodities in which ieSCneM these firms deal.
The Shawville Drug Store had a very neat exhibit, composed nrincipally of In --	ternational Stock Food, a preparation
Ivery w,,h
School Government. Next meeting will I**; barely escaped a solar plexus blow, Mr. James Graham occupied a cozy l e at the same place on Nov. 6th.	I owing to the eccentricities of that old ran- corner with an attractive display of furni
>
Honor Roil
FCLT COVLONOE VILLAGE SCHOOL
Ready-to-wear Hats, Dress Hats Feathers,
Ribbons,
Velvets, etc.
T
TT
9
“THE DRUG STORE"
A. H. BOX
Optician SHAWVILLE

ch
P O
l
now in stock at
MISS A. McRAES,
Shawville,
year.
President, Principal Armitage.
Miss MacGregor. Mins Robertson.
_______Mr. Humphreys.
Sec.-Treasurer, Miss Matheeoo.
{
OUR FAIR.
eases
Vice Presidents :



Call early and make your choice
while th





###PAGE###2###





HEIT SPRING'S GÀEEEN' THE PRODUCTION 0! MILKi
SCOTLAND’S PEOPLE

fr
SUNLIGHT
¦soap 1
Tho Population’s Increase in Ten
Years.
/(/AcLc/ /lurvirTu uAfurn/j/mmu
tbas^4HjucAami,- jùw mUU
4i •$ecr79wiÿ’ Wf^,
tnul/ <UH$Jwns difyÂc&
Jetons c/ets.
eby U*.

THIS IS THE TIME OF YEAR HINTS ON^ THE^BREEDINO OF
The population of Scotland at the Inst census, the report of which was issued recently, males 8,178,766 —n total Increase since 1891 of 440.45(1.
The rate of increase wan not the same for both sexes, males increasing at the rate of 11.89 per cent., and females at the rate of 10.34 per cent
Dominion Live Stock Commissioner Tells of the Function of the
Dairy Cow.
X
was 4,472,103— females 2,298,348
Nearly All the Bulbs and Many Annuals Sown in the Autumn.

r

It is scarcely necessary to	say I	A
It is a long look ahead for next that the production of milk Is the	/
spring’s garden, but flower lovers greatest function of the dairy cow. I / know that Vo experience the joys of The economical production of large I the first awakening of nature pro- quantities of milk, butter or cheese, Oft parutions must be made. Shrubs, determines the value of the cow, ÊÊr
buslivs, hardy plants and bulbs can- and the best efiorts of breeders ol T	There	has	been	a	loss	to	the	pop-
not bo expected to be planted in the dairy stock should always be direct-	Ask for tfce ouagea Rat. «4# illation by the emigration of 48,-
earlv spring and settle down to ini- od towards this goal. If the dairy !	"»¦'»- 1 w——889 persons.
mediate business after having been cow does not yield a profitable How	Fifteen Scotch counties show an
kept in an unnatural, dormant con- of milk, she ceases to have any rea- 2. Clothilde Bello............ 505.0 14.60 actual decrease of population, the
dition all winter, llow much better son for existence. Beefing qualities 3. Woodland Molly De	principal being Selkirk, to the ex-
then to set out all such plants dur-	are of comparatively little	im-	Kol.................. 368.7	14.42	tent of 15.78 per cent : Wigtown,
ine this month when, growing uc-	portance, except In cases when	n	4.	Axie PoKol........... 421.9	14.22	9.86 per cent ; and Caithness, 8.90
custunted to their environment, they	good cow loses the use of a portion	5.	Kuutjo Deboer	3d..	347.2	13.1V	per cent. On the other hand. Lln-
will live their normal life during the	of her udder, or in some way	be-	6.	Kdgoly Erena........ 841.3	12.38	lithgow, Lanark, and Stirling show
winter, and, with the first opening of comes undesirable as a milker.	7. Lady (irate of Avon-	increases of over 20 per cent.
spring, strengthen root and gain	I AN( Y POINTS.	^u*l!nûiït>iâ,%/înÂ'tie	^	1 here are in Scotland 28,106 who
vigorous blossoming possibilities.	It naturally follows that to secure j	1 HULL 1 LA US OLD.	speak Gaelic only, and there are
H Ishrubs. bushes and plants	the best practical results, little	at-	t.	Inka Sylvia.......... 568.2	17.55	202,700 who speak both English and
tent ion should be paid to what	are |	2.	Calamity Jane	2d	444.8	16.46	Gaelic.
8. Josephine DeKol	The return shows a gratifying re-
Co I ant ha......... 462.7 14.92 duct ion in the number of small ovor-
479.0	14.49 crowded tenements.
437.0	14.44
Unless the soap you use has this brand you are not getting the best
• s
# t*

6.	Edgely Erenu
7.	Lady Grace of Avon»
dale
y
be-
•V
WHOLESALE
Hardy
should be set out now, well watered
fertilized nnd when cold weather commonly spoken of ns fancy points, comes covered with leaves or straw. It is only in very exceptional cases The peonv, that favorite of our that color of the hair, size and con- 4. Anggie Iras
grandmother’s garden, will rarely tour of the horns, graceful carriage, 5. Daisy Text Id............
bloom if delayed in planting. Rome and conical teats, can make any o. lnka Mercedes Pool the iris and lilies may and do in possible difference in the actual Eol............. • ••........
their bounteous, generous wav. but j value of a cow, yet these and many 7. Mora Wayne of not very often. No hardy bulbs do. other equally useless fancy points Hnerside... ... ......
as well with a spring setting out, are held in high esteem by many 8. Daisy Mechtlulde and would the flower lover be joy- breeders and judges. Beauty of | 0. Ihusy Sol dene
fully greeted in the earliest spring form and breed type are always Clothilde................. .
bv our little friends, the snowdrop desirable, and breeders may well on- 10. I ndy Acme dd. and crocus, with their followers, the doavor to combine these in «s great 11. lu\y Ahhekcrk
hyacinth, tulip, jonquil and daJTodil, a degree as possible with capacity	’’ ..
thev must be planted during this at the pail, but the latter must j- 1 vnsen s Beauty
month for best results, ns they ever remain the first consideration. id. lone J. -a..............
should make some root before the POINTS 1NDIDATING l'UODUC-cold weather comes to insure good	TTON.
blossoms in spring.	The first great essential point
be sought
slitution, without which she cannot
I ho
0USTRU»4 Staple Clothing
ehduran5E”by-right^V I SÏÏKÏÏS
AiU your dealer lor these goods»
BEST EVER.
W*D
QUAUTV
HAD MADE HIS WILL
398.7 14.00
400.1	13 82
451.2	12.20
WYLO-DARLING
MA#*
FULLY EXPECTING TO DIE HAD ARRANGED ALL HIS EARTHLY AFFAIRS.
i
323.5 11.61 367.7 11.20
OSMPAMV, LIMirCB, TJlINTt,
Do-
S&SS - i The Dawson Commission Co., T„ee„.
201.6 10 :6 How Death was Disappointed by Can handle your APPUI, FIACMII, NAM, PLUMI, ONION#. PIUIT*V (dead or alive) TWO YEA US OLD.	‘he w Happy Restoration to IUTTIR, l COS, HONEY, to good advantage. Let uo have your consignments, It
588.1 2105 Health and Strength of Mr. j wW pay you, Stamps and pads on appHoatlsn.
Teeny.	|	-	----1 -1 j—.......................¦ ¦ "¦¦jüihw»
There are 400 sorts of humming | The yearly bill for novels supplied
j to naturalists. They | to the library of the French Chao»-
ber of Deputies is usually between $1.000 and $4,500.
Limited,
1.	Alta Poach.........
2.	Nancy Wayne of
Hixcrsidc..........
3.	Delia DoKol........
4.	Verbello 4th.......
5 Daisy Mechthilde
to
411.3 12.04 376.1 11.51 363.7 10.96
Sumner olal)—Mr.
place, xvas so ill with Inflammation of the Dowels and Kidneys that no I A 11 rm ot Dublin photographers ever expected him to itîcovcr. i	portrait photograph a few
and I yaws ago that was practically life-
It measured 64 inches by 33
•	,	29.—(Spe-1 birds known
Louis Teeny, of this
Assa
PEONIES HAVE TUBERS
aro found only in America
not bulbs, a distinction without much dilTerencc. Once planted they heavy are there for a lifetime, not being wide subject insects,
stand the strain
feeding and milking
chest, good heart girth, and to diseases nor marauding general appearance of vigor are the The tubers are ever In- chief indications of constitution, creasing, and so every year adds to other points largely indicative of
production are —a wide strong arc muzzle, a comparatively open lmck-bulbs, and hone or chine, indicating a tendency ^ Inka Mercedes Do-
Kol 2d..............
11. Princess Poach.....
Janet of Lulu... .
2d
357.6 10.71 270.8 10.18
316.4	9.73
267.0	952
320.5	9.50
one
6.	Cornelia Schilling
7.	Emma Abbekerk.
8.	Hexvdrop'y
t hilde...
9.	Not her land Crony
Monkey Brand Soap makes copper like gold, tin like marble, crystal.
All hope had been abandoned Mr. Teeny had made his will, fully expecting that he would die.
In this extremity Mr. Cosgraxe,
was on his feet and going around as if nothing had happened.
This remarkable cure of such an extreme case has created quite i sensation in the neighborhood ujid many kind words arc being said of Dodd's Kicwjpy Pills for the wonderful work they
like silver, crockery and windows like
size.
inches
Clo-
the! r beauty and worth The iris and various lilies
great multipliers of though more tender than the onies, they seem to hold their own so well that they increase and mui- ing use tiply in old, neglected, deserted and ft
gardens, where one would almost with large mammary \oins and
imagine them to be wild flowers, milk wells. A well known Canadian ];• 1 oll.v un>nc 2d 
While peonies look best in clumps by breeder has tersely summarized these * 1,ottle of Lulu.
illemselves, iris are ideal for border qualifications in the words—a big Hulda Wayne of
beds, as are also most of the lilies, mouth, a big belly, and n big bag.	Riverside... ..
Successions of bloom cun be hud in	TESTED ANCESTORS.	' *7. Lenora Diamond
both iris and lilies by planting dif- Experienced men are able to select	Netherlands. ... 214.6	8.41
ferent varieties. The liiy of the val- good cows with a reasonable amount	;*ueon DeKol 2d. 304.0	8.38
ley increases its "pips " so rapidly 0f certainty, but the most cx^rt j)1>e 1 auhne Fairmont...	241.6	8 31
as to become a nuisance if not pro-(dairy judge ' is largely at sea when	Hideau May. . 257.4	8.21	ease
vided with a bed wholly its own. Its iie attempts to select a good bull by	3d. —>0.7	8.04 I1lls remedy has always been
fragile, delicate beauty and fra- appearance* alone. Wlien we come to	Midge lnka .. *• ••••? 60.0	8.02	cognized among the people as a sure
qulls ami tulips must be planted this ccss is breeding from cows of	-,- .Br,t®'l8e pv,?r r°porte*1 ,n thl!l viclt>-	L°ute .0. .thc u|nck	Diamond Lxpiese.
month. Crocus and snowdrops are known capacity and from bulls	! i'y where they have been used with Everything strictly
delightful in the early Spring if whose female ancestors have also	MOULD IN BUTTER.	I 6lu‘h <V‘ick rwruJts
planted on the lawn. So,be like to been tested for merit at the pail and	- I n'nJï.cn-ï,,h.imse,î>. ? v*ry 1Rratc,ul
plant them In designs, or If one has churn. It is almost imperative that May Be Prevented by Using a I	r9.K dney Pllls for hls bap" ^
$Sv£rETiH!Hi	. ! «i*	—, rT7.
ward of the bright blossoms, thHist- satisfactory rcsujts nrc to be expect-	*cw	^ts of C anadian	butter	rhavo	nothing in the way of sickness that	ronge street,	Bodid	of	I rade	building their heads up before the grass e(j from his daughters	been delivered in the	United	King- j	Dodd's Kidney Pills will not cure:	Toronto,
has wakened to its growing posei-j ADVANCED ItFCISTRY	dom somewbat spotted with mould! and there is scarcely n home to be
bilitics. is easily earned.	\	on the butter paper and between the; ,ound in the neighborhood that does I The longest race ever run on
Eor	thc	others,	larger	bulbs,	beds	! About	tuen y ycais ago Mime of box and the	butter. That lias oc- not contain	a	box	of	this	wonderful	stilts	took	place from	Bordeaux in
must	be	prepared,	and	each	kind	the prominent American breedois of curred on suitless butter. As mould ; medicine.	1893.	The	distance	is	303 miles,
should be planted separately, though Eoistvin-r i îesian catt le, impressed, is a tiny plant or fungus, it is im-1 Men, women and children are find-thero	should	be	chosen	varieties	of,wlt l .c lrnPortance of	tllc	uboxe portant that butter makers and but-I out every day some new virtues
the same	bulb,	whose early	and lat-	<1 west ion, stalled u hut is known as ter dealers	should know by what *n ^ nnd it is xerv interesting to
an advanced registry,	in	uhn h means they	can entirely prevent its j hoar them .get together and
cows could be recorded	only	after growth on	butter packages, butter, Dare notes as to what Dodd's Kidmaking	a milk or butter record paper, or on	the butter itself. Mould ncV Dills	have	done	in	their	various
greater	than a certain high stand- can only	come from pre-existing i home*.
wnmm
.*"« reparation .or « f	.. ...
spring 8 garden it must not be foi- established a "record of merit," in A QTTtnvr nmw vAim •*	:	Actary Public, j . The making of wooden shoe pegs
gotten that there nrc many of our ^hich a cow may be entered only '	1	.	. I . ALT. •......•	yearly exhausts the product of 3,-
annuals that	do much better ii	the	aper niaking on official test for pro-	ona ounce of the formalin to	Hall’s Catarrh Cure is taken	inter-	500 acres	of	timber,
seed is sown	in thc autumn. It	one	duCt«on	of butter-fat The standard	one gallon of thc brine. The but-	na,Jy’ and acts directly on tiie	blood
tt T'"	r t requires that a two-year-old h,Be, ^ paper should be soaked in this	,r%.
well, if fact to glow at all, it Shau produce in seven da vs at least solution. Hie inside of all butter F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.
£r»f. “	agrarai- : "=: «tr	tss	.....
growth, while sweet peas, if sown in Vear-old cow eleven and n half ®li11 Wet with the brine containing
f s!l,!Iiy 9,K)t	V,,s autunin, will	as-	p0uiid^.	land a mature cow thirteen	f<>lz:inl:n should be placed inside the	Friend— How do you like	your	a glance	when	the
tonish one	by coming up before	pounds.	This is the highest stand-	buttcr 1>(,x» and the butter immodi-	new teacher, Freddy ?" Freddy—"!	nient
know has tuhy doteii mined to leave. nr(j aHcnted bv any association and a1c!> packed in it. rl lie brine con- don t know ; 1 haven’t misliehavcd In anticipation of the joy they will it wi„ fjoubt!c>s have a very hone- lining the formalin will destroy all >61." give the work is a pleasure.	Jocial eiïect on thc butter producing ^ores of mould on the butter pa-
(pialities of the bretul in Canada. P*1 a,lt* on the inside of the[*|__l Other breeders	of	dairy cattle	might	A b«»ue can be used for a	long per-
well take up this	matter	also.	, lf il be D°R6d once a	wevk. As
the formalin evaporates during the
. .	..	,,	..	.. .	. .	boiling process, it will be	necessary
made by the	Canadian	Holstein»,	to add to every gallon of	brine af-
nearly all under the supervision of tcr it has boiled and cooled one Prof. Dean, of the Ontario Agricul- ounce of formalin
tun.l College, ure given herewith. ; For the protection of the These are all for a period of seven which is to be shipped to days. Thc amount of Imiter may be Kingdom . computed approximately by adding the butter one-sixth to the amount of butter
357.5
258.7
285.0
9.19
P®~ to make milk rather than fat. a capacious barrel, capable of mnk-
of large Quantities of feed,
well-shaped udder, 13. Lady Margaret of
Lulu...............
9.11
9.11
roomy
236.9
322.1
335.8
8.71
8 (>9
Mliiard's Liniment Lures Dandruff,
8.03
i'
n
282.1
a LtiMlf# tiromo Uutnin-i Tsbleli cure » cold m ley No Cure, No Pey. Prlee 23 cent*.
8.59
The barometer rises higher ai
Irkutsh, in Siberia» than anywhere A square mile in the rich river val- eiæ in the world dul in Mr. leeny s | ]eyS Qf China will support 3,480 per- ^
sons.	"
re-
1N GOING TO NEW YORK
Messrs. C. C. Richards & Co.
Gentlemen,—My daughter 13 years old, was Thrown from a sleigh and injured her elbow so badly it remained stiff and very painful for three years. Four bottles of M1N-ARD'S LINIMENT completely cured her and she has not been troubled for two years.
first class. Sumptuous Dining Car Service, a la ¦Ë^HThrough Pullman gg|
Pullmans, time of trains, and further particulars, call at
Trunk ticket office or on
For
-, Yours truly,
J. 11. LEVESQUE. St. Joseph, P.Q., Aug. 18, 1900.
Yellow is the only flower color which is not changed by the fumes
For Orer Sixty Tran.
LM‘®\ Bj>,d druiiiiU in every part of the wor d
SSHHP «asst !
of blooming will lengthen
er habit
out the life and beauty of thc bed. For instance, all varieties of tulips arc marked by the seedsman as
com-

THE MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE.
CALVERT'S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
The New Zealand apteryx is the only existing bird which is without wings.
¦I	It is 150 feet high, and work
of cd by electricity
Minard’s Liniment relieves Neuralgia
Er—rv— the teeth. Iwwetene the breath.
•trengthene the guwe
The 33 biggest landowners fn Britain possess, on an average, 183,000 acres each.
ENGLISH SPAVIN LINIMENT
removes all hard, soft or calloused Lumps and Blemishes from horses, Blood Spavin, Curbs, Splints, Ring Bone. Sweeny. Stifles, Sprains, Sore and Swollen Throat, Coughs, ¦I Sure $50 by use of one bottle. Warranted the most wonderful Blemish Cure ever known. Sold by all druggists.
the
TO U'RK A (OLD IN OVK DAW,
TsMe Laxatif* Brorna Ouinine Tablet*. All drnt ri*n refund tho money If it fell# te cure. *. W 6.eves eieuiture I» on each hex. 25c
etc.
YOUR OVERCOATS
Bed fadrd Suite would look Setter dyed If bo ef oen le your town, write direct Montreal. Bos
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO.
,MS|
THE MANY ADVANTAGES
offered passengers bound for Buffalo ttttd Now \ ork by tho Grand l runk s I ¦ ¦ ¦ * q ¦ |Ncw York Express," leaving U 1 I 61 g S Toronto 6.15 p.m. daily, ure seen at 111 llfclllE
splendid equip	MF W
i Teachers SES
through to Buffalo, and one of Pull- Mil A k]TCI\ man's finest sleeping cars from To- W Æ I | SB ronto to New York guarantees pa-
To een J for our C o plcte Sheet Miuls Catalogue» and Specie! Rates.
fast
WiALEY, BOYCE 8 C# » United
Irons comfort and luxury us well a* I Mala Street, 158 Yonge Viz*, speed Thc cafo and dining cars an _ WINNIPEG, MAN. TORON T;, ONT. acknowledged to bo the handsomest I Uft UIIIIBIIC 8 r*hrrr	, ... ^
in America, being electric lighted anc ¦Umlllla mvemsiai	L iH
equipped with electric fun,. Clt> I	3
Yonge streets	|	Qk, f:N
— ¦	for|rial;|fil werli«,eeB4Baisar# Ftl 4	I1/
r»M, _ Tlllin _ ,	, - ,	v	II.S. Meyl, Q2 fer J 7 yr« ; C»*.#* D*«lT, V ^1J J
I li«3 iiliput palm of Ceylon has | m.iiyn. rxoiisluerrg*, r*M«id, bwe,«.fc9
icaves which are sometimes 20 feet long and 18 feet broad.
Sprained Ankle
Cured
box
HELP FOR MOTHERS
SOME OF THE TESTS
Baby’s Own Tablets Are What You Need When Little Ones Are Cross, Fretful and Sleepless.
If a child is cross, frotful and elvers badly, the mother may feel absolutely certain that some rangement of the stomach or bowels is thc cause. And she ran be just as certain that Baby's Own Tablets will put her little one right. These Tablet» cure all the minor ailments of little one», such ns Indigestion, constipation, simple lexers, diarrhoea, worms and teething troubles.
They are guaranteed to contain no j Jeeele Veeman A opiate nnd can be given with nbso- „ r-ulnmitv i„ne
lute safe,, to the youngest .ml ^ KunVe M.ocr 2d most feeble child. Every mother 4 Anltie Poech 4th
who has used them speaks of these r. carmpn Svltli Tablet* In the warmest terms. 11, s % D%l) DeKoi..
K Bancroft, 1 «rwood, Man s.\ s :	7 nideau OellnlTs
**1 have u»d Baby s Own I ablets j ,.fltl
for stomach and bowel troubles, foi Gillv Flower
eiznple fexers nnd teething, end I RubV (iretnuï............
think them the best medicine in the 10 pannv p
world Tney always strengthen chil- ,, Jemima Wavne.'.."" dren instead of weakening them ns ,2 i adv Pietertie most other medicines do."	^ j orôn i
You can get Baby's Own Tablets Nctherland at any drug store, or by mail post 14 Winnie Win paid at 25 rents a box by writing 15 Violct of Lulu direct to Tho Dr Williams Medicine	FOUR YEARS OLD
Co., BrockvAVc. Ont-, or Schcnec- le Toitilla Echo He Udy, N.Y.
Another Remarkable Case Where

butter Unitit is important that be cooled to a tempera-
from
St. Jacobs
turc under 38 degrees Fahr
fat, since good nutter averages thc second day after it is made
about 85 per cent fat. Breeders of When butter is allowed to remain at
other	sorts	of	dairy	cattle are	in-	a high temperature changes	begin
vited	to .send	authenticated records	which spoil its delicate flavor	and
of their cows.	fresh-made aroma. Each creamery
,, should have a cold storage room at
Bi V« !Jl temperature under 38 degrees
F*’ Fahr.; only refrigerator cars should
7^'	'	be used for the carriage of butter;
7	! ‘	and it should Iks put in cold	stor-
ago compartments on the stoam-
'! ships, and be carried at a tempera-
“J'Jx 'ture under 25 degrees J o. 33
Oil
T
Minard’s Liniment Cutes Burns etc,
--BY USING-
Standard American Wick#
Worked a Wonder
Brussels has n church clock wound up by atmospheric expansion induced by the heat of the sun.
AGED COWS
AND
Sarnia lamp Oil.
I.v-
Mr. W. H. Allen, Jr., of 17 mark street writes 1896 :
Dctv
Aston, Birmingham, under date of May 29th, I win a driver for the Keystone Bottling Co., of Birmingham, and I had thc misfortune to be pitched off my waggon, and besides being bruised from head to foot my ankle Joint was put out and my foot severely sprained. I tried many embrocations, but received no benefit; I then went to the hospital, but Virtue will be a kind of health and after having been treated for a con-13.39 beauty ami good habit of the soul; siderable time, I left, not and vice will be a disease and 13.35 formity and sickness of it —Plato
13.05 Give me neither poverty nor riches;
13.00 feed me with food convenient for me; lest I be poor, nnd steal, and take j the name of my God in vain.—Prov-
M IX
Wholesale 0*1 j
581 8
QWEENOTTVOILS8i
of September I
and October, will sell one way sec- ----------------TT-------77“
ond class tourist tickets at greatly j UOtmülOn LlfiO StQ£WH8n<p3 reduced rates to California, Wash- lioetreoi tc iJftrpooi. Boston to line Ington. Oregon. Utah,	Montana.	C£. Pertly le L,iwL VUQw-g
British Columbia and other Pacific .	raitst'imfei»* Sua#H<»r recoiuoodstisi
Coa.t points Tickets wilt be sold S
via all direct	routes. The Wab«*sh Secw4lsiso«	ThirSC;»» sccommvdi
is the shortest, best and quickest	- WUmim. u ay
route from Canada to the niov# BieLaNh, Mine à <x points. Finest equipped [ a&eiugcr	fTilalsht. Bo*
train» in America.
Hates, time-tables and
572.5
WABASH RAILROAD
During the months
•115.1
494.3
529.1
426.1
PHIHHpHHIHHpii A truipera-ture of 20 degrees Falir. is still bet-
ter
15.32
15.27
13.85
13.62
13.56
367.5 345.9
453.5 481.1
413.5 397.3
Department of Agriculture, Otta-
wa
JS
on;.
D. Ton
à Co
de- better. 1 then determined to try St Jacobs Oil, and 1 can assure that before I used the contents of one bottle my ankle was as sound tin ever, and I was able to go work as if nothing had happened
Diamond
361.7 400.3 430 2
you
Wood « Photo. Emgr wim .
H^vJ. I JONES tNG.0> : • j
BAV «)T»r;f T TCWWIO
W Ie C 11 is

all parti
culars from any ticket agent, or J A. Richardson, Dist


Passenger Agent, N. E. Comer King & Yungs Sts., Toronto, and St. Thomas, Ont.
to


Kol
511.9
10.17 erbs
y


###PAGE###3###

Z'
ludicrous situation would strike the eye of Mercedes could she but see It.
It Is impossible for Jack to even glance at his watch In order to note how time Is passing—he Is on tenterhooks, so to speak, until the vehicle drives up to the station.
Then he finds they are In ample time for the train
#
%
.#»* ¦ »: • w. » at » * ¦ a: ¦

!
...
2IE
FOR FARMERS


DOCTOR JACK.

>M:z
z
fig
1__

Hr
»^3
A
Seasonable and Profitable Mints for the Busy Tillers of the Soil.
' M I'******#..*-*'*'*'"'*
He takes It upon himself to oversee all matters, pays the driver, buys four first-class tickets for Paris, looks after the luggage, and last, but not least, secures a compartment to themselves. Such Is the maglo power of money on the Continent—In fact, the same applies all over the civilized world.
fi
•s
#
By Sf. GEORGE RATHBORINE,
Arther çf âTDoctor Jackfs	“Captain Tom,” "Baron Sun,» "Min
Pauline of New York,” "Min Caprks,” Etc.

I>EVKU)I’IN(1 THE COW
ë
In thu duvoloi ment of u cow very miwh depend» upon the matter of feeding, l.olh as <|uality of the food given and the manner in which it 1# fed. 'ilie succès» or failure in thin is duo to the intelligence and skill of the dairy man. We will hardly find two cows in any stable that should he treated exactly alike in
the matter | ¦
comes
study
a voracious
fief
v)
>
They are all feeling particularly joyful over the success of their game. No one hut Jack Is aware of the fact that
-43

•
Interminable the Vaaha knows of their hurried de-
means—an mfltKÊÊÊÊÊK^ÊKÊÊÊI^^KÊKÊKÊÊIÊÊIÊIÊKÊKÊÊÊÊÊ
wait—precious minutes lost, and noth- I Pa**ture from Madrid.
Ins gained when the servant Anally Doctor Jack walks up and down out-returns. Time Is too valuable to be »lde on the platform, under the preallowed to slip so easily. He knows tense of smoking a cigar, although the that this party Is like the rest, and ladies have given him the privilege of the Jingle of a few reals will make doing so Inside—an opportunity which him awaken. Speedily they pass from Larry does not scruple to Improve by his own hand Into the Itching palm using up an unlimited number of hor-of the clerk, and the effect on that rid cigarettes.
party is quite surprising. He be- In reality Doctor Jack is looking comes aroused at once like a man who for familiar faces—he wonders If the must now think for himself, makes a pasha will come, but looks in vain grand, heroic effort, and then glows for the red fez among the crowd. If with triumph, Just as the exulted pul- the Turk has arrived before them, he 1st cackles after laying her Arst egg, is all this while In one of the other
carriages. Jack, as lie walks up and ] down, glances sharnlv Into each com-
He takes the hand, and somehow a great feeling of tenderness for this lovely woman almost ovetwhelms him —he knows what her southern nature dictates, for he has seen the vendetta ef Corsica carried out by frail women, so that he now beholds Mercedes as one who had gained a signal victory ever the passions she inherited.
" Forgive me the pain I cause you, eenorlta, and believe me, I am not worthy of rour thoughts. I trust and believe the future has happiness in store for you, and that you will never repent much generous action, for I know and appreciate the national spirit of revenge which you have conquered. Heaven guard you, sen* orita."
He bends over the little hand and klesee IV hi a true cavalier style. Mercedes looks at him with her heart In her eyes, as though this little action has aroused a false hope in her breast ; then, seeing no change in his face, the wistful look turns to one of keen dlsapointment, and tearing her hand ftsto his clasp, she opens the door of the room, and Is gone.
Jack Is left In even a more disturbed frame of mind than before. He .. 5f°, 9 7?*,eman • ##	.
MeroXa tT du"	.pit,, ThÎÎ	" Whit r.iml^hoZ Doctor Jack. I g,ance-he cannot ace her face, for
moves her may be for	good or	evil.	wh,> «>*»• very near scaring the clerk	the reborn hides II, hut her carriage
#W#=c pâssc-iï iliiiü
bZauUful womü «td yet Jackhai '-»'ry Kennedy ?" and Jack fairly ,ng the lady manages that a corner
^r:Tt:.i:;i»th:rLo= ^^r^.ir::Tth,»k,ng
him ?	about ? My thoughts are wool-gather-	the success of him little game, even
aimn«t nnnnnwHniielv	he nuts	his	lnK- 11 wafl the little man who order-	though disappointed at seeing the in-
han, lnf _ n.irVtti nnd draws some- ed the vehicle. We thought they wc#e dlgnant face of a stranger, who looks habits and methods are to-day the thin» mil	iinon	which he	cases Ions	going sight-seeing, but at the last	after the clumsy porter	with daggers	Ruhie 1 hnihl	be	followed to-morrow,
it la thn	nnrtrait of	down came the trunk, the account was	jn her black eyes, and proceeds to re-	and every day,	because the cow	ex-
Avia Morton and since he has met the 8ettletl- and lhl?y were off- ^u,te a arrange her rebosa	- P®cts lt; 11 ml in th,s wa.v flhe is not
ariginmi lark Hnd« n new charm in 8Udd*n Hitting. I trust, senor, they Abell mounds—the guard cries " all disappoint, d nnd disturbed. Cows	I
the nlcture	did not leave you In the lurch?"	aboard " In his Spanish way, and Jack, in full How of milk drink nearly j buais is the giver of a large q' an- cheviot
„ y " Avis who kept me from Jack pays no attention to the ques- tossing his cigar aside, enters the car- twice as much water as a dry cow tity of milk, rich in hut U-r fat and moire held by fancy buttons at the _i ij| ’ mvMi# « mniivs to her Circe-	t,on* Lut Pounds away at his	sub-	riage.	Then the door is locked, but	or fuVeiling	stoer. Therefore pro-	CAS0,n» ut t,ic lowest cost of	pro-	Front, but all miitlng,	gown	and
Wk -ms ransom or no ransom.	J®01 :	na the American has bought the guard,	vide pure water in abundance.	duc lion. I h ;re are many herds	skirt materials arc appropriate.
KwHi u	would Msv*r do for Jack " Why did you say at first the pasha body arid soul, He will be on hand as	- averaging H orn 5,(H)0 pounds and 'n,e skirt is cut in seven gores of
t WBnt who -in be the accompanied them—what put lt into soon as the train steps at a station	THV SOU	upward per annum for every cow fuu length that are carefully shaped
fam? vested to-day and to mor! four mind T	to see what Is needed.	\ and heifer in the herd. Many ex- to be snog about the hips and to
row such a alrl as Avis Morton for	" 1 will tell you-it was	easy enough	,	Then	they begin to leave Madrid	That tho	physical or methanical	j haustivc and lengthy tests had	al-	fiare freely at the feet.	The flounce
iMtsnee and nleasa Heaven if I can	Set them mixed, senor. Just	after	,	behind.	No one Is particularly sorry	condition of	the soil very largely	: ready proven, and the World’s	Fair	extends from the front
eoavlnc# her of that same thing after	they had	gone, the Turkish general	to do this, for the Spanish capital	regulates the crop yield in grain is	I dairy	tests	only	gave	the	stamp
we have done our level best to save	comes to	me and	asks about	the | baa little to charm the modern tour-	clearly demonstrated in almost any authenticity	to	the	fact	that
Aink »k/'whall	take me	for what I	ladles"—he unconsciously Jingles more	|Ht like gay Paris, and	as the road	part of the	farming com try
am worth	old nomad that	I am."	reals in his pocket, which Jack read-	from the first generally	leads to the	ing aloix a
Thus he mutters to himself, and Hy understands have passed Into his | second, every emotion can be summed on on" side we s*.e a line field preH8eH lhe dUmb counterfeit reset»- possession from the hand of the Turk up in anticipation.	whe.it, exceptionally rank in growth,
bianco of Avis to hie lips after the —“and when I inform him of their our friends are very comfortable, indicating twenty-fixe to thirty manner of all foolish lovers. Had Mer- departure with the trunk he is great- but Larry is the only merry one of bushels of wheat per acre, while on oedes witnessed the action she would	excited, settles his account, en-	lhe four Avis is thinking of what	the other side the wheat is thin,	of
have been possessed with & mad de-	Rages a vehicle without regard to Its	|les ,n the near future. Will they find	a sickly color and not one-third	as
sire to tear the photograph to bits, and	C0»L and Is off carlssima, like a house ! Aleck and manage to save him ? As	highw.s Hint in the other field
perhaps scratch hie eyes out in the afire."	j ehe looks In the direction of Doctor | divutN.,e possibly five bushels
bargain, for who can account for the	“I	Well, I	cannot let all	my	Jack 8omehow a feeling of great	acre and yet wo can see no differ-
vagarles of a woman who has stoop-	friends leave me in	the lurch this	way,	peace come9 upon her—his face seems	en ce in the soil formation. Both
ed to conquer and been repulsed ?	80 1 will follow suit."	B0 atrong an(j masterful, that she be- must have had the flame sunshine
Sleep Is not to be thought of—the	dack Puts lhe words Into practice,	lleve3 nothing can be impossible with	and tho same rainfall and yet
plot thickens, and morning is near at	and in another minute is once more	fluch a man It will be readily per-	would take eight acres 3#^
hand—the time of action, when they	seated In his vehicle en route for the	celycd	by even thQ dullest reader	that	to yield as much as one acre of the
shall make a move, asd open up tho	railway	station. There is Just good	the effect of their singular	meeting	is	other. Again we notice one part of
enemy's masked battery If they	have	time to	reach It easily, and ho is not	hav| fuI1 sway> and that Avis	is	a single field ji Ids twenty-five,
at all worried, but leaning back, . t ag deep ,n the ,nud as Doctor fifty and oven 100 per rent, more As Doctor Jack walks to the	win-	smokes	Ills cigar in contentment.	Jaok	lg jn the mire.	than another. Still again we see a
dow and glances out, he eees a	faint	When	about half way there he sud-	As	for (hftt wortby, he	appears	to	! wheel track or a horse-foot track in-
llght In the east that tells him the denly sits up straight, and looks out	,anclng over the 1>ages of a mag- (liGated by coarser straw of a dark-
night Is spent and dawn at hand. He of the window. There has been an ac azlne hut his thoughts are not on lt. 1 er color arid longer heads than watches it grow broader slowly but cldent—a crowd has gathered. I-e »ees N ’and acaln be looks over the top tho rest in the field. Whnt do these surely, while the magic lights of the	that a coach has bro.;en down some-	the	„amphiet at	the fair face	near	varied conditions	indicate ?	Must
carousing city become pale under tho thing has allowed the wheel to com- j window. He is pondering upon wc conclude that there is a shade of Influence of the coming day. The co- off, and the vehicle lies there on urn-	things, and the chief of these | luck about this or that these re
horta of darkness seem to gather for side, canting downward, tho iai* .ia, ^ ke me whtch he Is expected suits come by chance ? Plants are a last final effort In the rear of the	touching the ground.	I	t	maninu*ate.	large and healthy	because the	con-
great buildings which are in a line	The accident is not an uncommon |	WJU	th Bucceed	? if not. the re-	ditions of the soil	where their	roots
_________________________m,
make hi. appearance-masks vanish Pay, but neither of ^Ich appear^o	succeed, she must be his. As been quoted if it were not literally	UNIVERSAL SMOKING.	Prague, has been studying this dido much good as the man seem.	from time true.	seu.se, and tells of two notable cases.
¦¦¦¦¦¦
mands	Their course is almost due north- tor draws much lighter, the soil , mics of Central Africa arc tnveter- chair. A person afflicted with aka-
-MM Z'Æ I £H'~	~ " ""d * ~ ,HHHi ii~ w= =
— ™rER,0R,TV OF	|	«g	trKS “
S^0S
of rations, and here the great and important >f the feeder. One cow with
'k-1-~
appetite, with groat digestion and a swim il a-will need twice us much feud ns another with a more dainty up-pclitv. Heifers should never be fwi as generou ly as ma tun owe Son.e1 iiiic»
for business
"Sunny, I see that you have been fishing */"
"Yith, thir."
"But you didn’t catch any fish ?"
"No, tldr."
"And I trust that you didn’t"-------
"Oh ! no, thir. My ma will do all the thwearing
powers of tion,
when J get
a cow when crowded
home."
commences taking flesh, and then dries up in her milk
This row she is
on
is of a beefy tendency, if1
fed with u food lew fut- had any practical experience with forming,	she	might continue to	be	her that she Is delicate, writes Mr.
a fairly good	cow, but weed her	out	Valency K. Fuller. No more fallu-
___ dispose of her. Another cow cions idea could jwasibly exist. Fos-
v it h greet 1 “,l nf that le.intifu! «1 ei like The food head, and fine legs we all so love, returned in	tho	and which is the evidence of purity
It is safe to feed	her	<>f blood, putting the product of her
of lier f<->(,<i in the pail, Instead of laying on a He ti, to those unfamiliar with her
But
Jack thliks
“ 81, senor, the lady has gone
assisted her Into a carriage not ten I partment, but falls to see the man he ancj minutes age, and the trunk, too. For looks for. A number of shades are j Dios, It was heavy," he rattles on, for down over the windows, and It Is as ho has learned to speak very fair likely as not the pasha may be In one English from coming In contac t with | of theie compartments, so many foreigners at the hotel
Tins Is god news to Jack he does j there aie other enemies to think not regr*t the Investment of the few | about, without taking the pasha into reals.
"The lady was not alone ?" he asks
" Vagfr her."


may be powers of
a great eater assimilai ion
Ei

.' h î
nflumes i.4
shape of milk
to tho extent of the powers digflfltlon; she will not t.»ko on
pound of ||« «h as long us she is giv- beats the impress of delicacy ing milk, (lient caic must l.c oxer-	rewtrxo nervous force,
rise cl In feeding this cow. She never alone enables her to produce year knows when she has food enough, 1" ami :*uur out, stands her in good and an overfeed may put her out of j stead in case of siokiivs», and like condition This 1» the cow the I *bo wiry man, she more often lives dairyman should pin hia faith to. j through such illnets then one of a She may not be the handsomest to *»ore lethaigic dispodiion, who is look at, but she is truly the dairy apparently hut not really stronger, cow. Save the heifer calves from Another objection raised is tlm this cow, and raise them in the rii- t,!C Jo seyfl arc more subject to ruction <>f dairy production to take tuberculosis than some other breeds the place of some poor cow herd. As it rule poor performers are great enters
ducth 11 of cows with great assimilative and digestive powers The dairyman should be regular and sx s'emetic in his methods of feeding. If he feeds before milking, do so every time. Whatever his

t
Health*», Jack keeps hi» eye» open—
0
!
consideration, and if any of them are about he wants to know It no, her aunt accompanied I mind he also thinks of Mercedes, and
I glances curiously at a number of
them
One attracts more than a passing
which
In his
!
No skirt suits the stout ligure more perfectly than the one cut in seven gore». The seams mean verti-1 hose Cili lines that always tend to give a best posted in this dreaded disuse blender effect nnd the many gt res al-woll know that tic contraction of j1)W 0f shaping snugly and ftioothly tuberculosis is a question of finir- over the hips without the use of eminent and sanitation, or coming darts. This very excellent model in contact with the bacilli of tuber- jllls the advantage of giving a choice culosis. All breeds	are equally	between the plain finish	and	a cir-
prone to contract it,	whether beef	cu|ar flounce at sides and	back that
or dairy breeds.	gives grace and freedom nnd yet
The Jersey cow has ceased to be does not detract from the apparent the giver of a small	quantity of	height ns tho front, gore is	left	plain,
rich milk, but judged on a year's	y\8 shown the material is	fine	black
trimmed with bands of
in the statistics prove the inaccuracy of this assertion and that, tuberculosis is a respecter of no bn od
Encourage the pro-
where
of it is joined to it» edges, nnd can bo
the either seamed t<> the lower edges <>f I’afr-e- Jersey comes into profit at un early the side and back gores, (the highway for instance, «go (two years); she is productive terini beneath
of | to a ripe old age
gore
ma-
being cut away
II* r tenacity in Hnee indicated in the pattern) milking, and consequently in butter applied over the full length skirt as making, is a fixed characteristic, es-1 preferred tablishcd beyond nil doubt.	jH laid in flat inverted plaits.
As an all-around year’s milker on The quantity of material required an economical consumption of food, for the medium size is 10| yards 21 no breed can touch her. Her milk inches wide; 7 yards 22 inches wide; contains a greater quantity of but- \\ yards 44 inches wideT/or 4J yards ter and of chee e per 100 pounds 52 inches wide, when flounce is used than any other breed. '
of butter and cheese is of the very icq yards 21mn inn mn inn mnmnnn it l#ost. She can assimilate and take 10} yards 21, 6* yards 22, 4g yards of one field <are of her food to better &avantage 44, f,r yards 52 inches wide when
than any other breed.	made plain.
or
The fulness ut the back
in-
jei
1
t
The quality and material cut away underneath

FEED COWS FREQUENTLY.
Tests at various stations seem to indicate that dairy cows fed three times a day give more milk and make a greater gain in live weight than when fed only twice a day.


one
CANNOT STAND UPRIGHT
Astasia"
is a nervous affection
the peculiar feature of which is the
fact that a person suffering from it
cannot stand upright
ho will be obliged to hop and jump
whenever his feet touch the ground.
To prove to yon that Dr. Jn a word, his actions are precisely Chase e Ointment is ft certain and absolute cure for each
and every form of Itching, qui red to stand upright on a (loo bleeding and protruding piles, composed of red-hot coal. Fort un-
atoly there are not many eases of hor* what they thick o' It. You can use it and this malady on record. Aknthisia is
SVS’rn«&S^w"b	&T&M 11,0 exact opposite of astasia, since
ii pers< n suffering from it cannot remain seated
all
If he tries
Piles
those of a person who might be re-
Dr.Cbase’e Ointment
The moment lie seats
from the streets, and something of business begins, although little unnecessary work will be done in Madrid during the festival time.
Jack bethinks himself of breakfast, and goes down to sec about lt. He knows the value of a few silver reals, judiciously placed, and thus avoids much of the friétlon that most travellers meet with In a Spanish fonda. Renee his meal, simple as it Is, consisting of eggs, toast, and tea. Is soon ready, and he does lt Justice.
All the while his thoughts are flying to other scenes—he wonders whether Larry has carried out his Instructions to the letter, and If the ladles are ready to depart. Much depends on this scheme being carried out thoroughly, and there are so many chances of something happening to throw a wheel out of gear, that the American Is not a little worried.
who was frequently at-
Whenever l-c
nnd
i
a
near by,
" Are you hurt ?" he asks, anxiously, approaching them, but his words I mg the border by keeping close to the are meant for Avis only.	Bay of Biscay, at Bayonne, when they
" Not at all, but a trifle alarmed— will be In France, with the dawn of a lt came so suddenly, you see," re- new day, wind and weather permit-piles the girl.	ting, after which a run of a few
" Well, we must not miss that hours will take them to Pans train. In a pinch, my vehicle will hold gQ the morning passes with various us all. Let us get the trunk up quick- delays—this fast Paris express Is a ly, Larry. Not a minute to waste." «• terror," Indeed, and makes poorer Jack's driver professes to be horror- progress than any train In America, stricken at the load he Is to take, but They have all learned to be phll-the promise of several golden dou- | osophical, and take things as they bloons cause him to show more alac-	WÈÊÊÊÊI^ÉKÊKÊÊÊÊIÊÊÊÈ
rlty—the ordinary Spanish Jehu will I noon, at a station called by the guard risk even his neck for such royal pay, calatayod, a huge hamper m put in and think little of his vehicle.	the carriage.
So the trunk is taken up. the ladles .. Dlnner ?„ cries Madame Sophie, placed inside, and Larry squeezes eagerly, and yet fearfully, for so many aiqpng them. Ja« k ia about to clam- deceptlons have been put upon her In her on tor among the trunks but they 8paln that ghe fear8 lest this may be
wmm
which has a twinkle in It, for do you * contenta of the ha-skc{-know, the sly fellow is chuckling to himself at the thought of how this
His anxiety causes him to finally leave the table. Consulting his timepiece he finds lt a quarter to eight Then he goes out and Is lucky enough to engage a vehicle. From the man he learns all about distants, then has his portmanteau brbught down.
" To the Fonda Peninsular in hot haste," he says to the driver, and the latter, having already been heavily feed, with the prospect of more ahead, does not let his animals steep on the way.
Many heads are thrust out of windows—the good people of Madrid believe every fresh rush or bustle on the street nowadays announces the coming of some new spectacle, and they are determined to keep well posted.
So the hotel Is soon reached—there Is beginning to be a show of lift around it, am the American 1 ¦¦¦¦ his carriage and enters. An ment and he has cornered the proper functionary who serves as a dent, dbd of whom he asks whether Misa Morton has gone.
The other leisurely surveys him, and begins to talk In a rambling way about gliding out; but Jack knows
Many Coughs and Bad Colds
The Recent Cold Snap Responsible for Much Sickness—Relief and Cure is Obtainable by the Use of Dr. Chase’s Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine
The time passes, and about
come
and positively cures the
this in the bud by promptly curing the I in action, they cough and cold before it fastens it-: cold as well ns giving prompt relief elf on the vital organs, and in this to coughing, hoarseness*, sore throat,
we suggest Dr. Chase's etc.
“The first cold I have had fall,” you hear people say, as cough violently. And to hear ¦.	--
«EES.EE &: r^sssl
at this season, when people are	not	cough mixtures,	but	because	tins
clothed to protect themselves,	are	preparation Is more	than a	tneie
almost sure to bring trouble, and cough cure, has stood the test of one can never tell where a cold is time, and never had such an enor-colng to end	mous sale as It has to-day. This
It may wear away, but It is more we consider the strongest evidence likely to hold on and he added to of Its worth ns a treatment for by cold after cold, until some	se-	coughs and colds	I
clous element Is devoloped-perhnps	Composed ns It	Is of linseed, tur-
consumption or pneumouia, perhaps pent me and half a dozen 0,1,1
kidney disease or liver complaint. gradients of known virtue in tin	l.nnf_
The wise plan ia to nip the trouble of colds, this remedy is far-reaching Bute» 6 Co., ioronto»
the
There are many imitations of Dr. Chase's Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine, so lo careful when buying and look for the portrait and signature of Dr A. W. Chase on the wrapper. This is the strongest guarantee any medicine can have.
Children delight to take Dr. Chase's Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine. nnd it is n positive cure for croup, bronchitis, whooping in- rough, coughs and colds; 25 cent» a cure bottle, at all dealers, or EdmaiihOn,
from
o8htr mo-
(r* Jde Continued.)

It
A
###PAGE###4###
*
<



THE MARKETS.
THE EQUITY.
For the Threshing Season
SMART & SMITH
MASSEY-HÀRRIS
SHAWVILLE.
Whvat (ut mdartl) ou to 00 ¦. Flour per barrel, $0.00 t-o $0.0( Oats per bushel, 25 to 20c. Venae per bushel, 00 to 05a, Buckwheat, 00c. per hush. Rye, per bush. 00 cents.
Fggs. per dozen, 15c.
Butter, per pound, 00 to 10c. Wool, per pound, 18 to 13©. Pella, each, 35 to 45c.
Hides, $1.50 to $0.50. Calfskins, 45 to 65 cents each.

SHAWVILLE
SHAWVILLE, OCT. O, 1902
WARE-ROOMS


•V
Sir Wilfrid lAurior Bailed for Canada «va Friday last.
NJ
We are now prepared to supply you with
meut. finding if iWa n t pay, has decided tu discontinue the limn* ufnvt uvv of binder twine at Kingston per.» Iteutiary,
Vho (îov
In Case of
Difficulty
Feeding Mitts, ace Leather,
Cotton Overalls and Jumpers, IVfachine Oil and Oil Cans.

It, is assented that the terms of a 11ritis)* Syndicate for u fast Atlantic service of steam shifts between Montreal and Liverpool, Bristol and London, have Been accepted. The steamers will be subsidized by the Imperial and Canadian (*ov-©rnments.
OTTAWA
Butter, print, île. per lb.
“ pails. 18 to 1th. per lb. Eggs, fresh, 80c. per doc. Potatoes, 50c. per bag.
Lamb, 8 to th\ per lb.
with the horse the quality of the harness will tell.
44 Mirth Algoma Voter, writes to the Kganville Enterprise commending a move meut to have the Ontario Government wer the waters if th>lden Like. He writes that not only would many miles of I Hvef, 4J to 6Je. per lb roads along the Bonn where valley ami many thousands of acres of land now lying waste receive permanent benefit, but a'l the water powers on the river—and theie | Hay, $5.30 to $8.00per ton are many—would be specially aided, particularly in the seasons of low water, which occur in both the winter and sum-
Also a full line of the best quality Delf goods, which are sure to be in demand now.
Table Cutlery and Fresh Clean Groceries, (WILL NOT WORRY THE HORSE*
always on hand at right prices.
Mutton, 0 to7c. per lb
HARNESS THAT FITS
Pork. $8.00 to $0.25 per 100.
Outs, 28 to 80c. per bushel
Wool 14 to 15©. per lb.
and will make him feel perfectly at ease. We sell perfectly fitting Harness.
Public Notice.
in or seasons.
MACFARLANE BROS
Province of Quebec'
Mr. Tarte has Prophetic Vision. I Municipality of Clarendon.
---	Public notice Is hereby given by the un
Toronto, Sept. 29 —The reaion fot dersigned Secretary Treasurer the Codec
Mare? isseff s E^HBEE'S
beat of authority that Mr. Tarie foraees alH0 the Collection Roll of the aaid muni that in a year or two the greatest tariff cipality for the current year, 1902, to pay in hlatory will develop between the interest and sinking fund of the railway United StaUe and European count rise J**™- Both collection rolls are. teposited
l..g. -I	tiS-S£ S^tïStiîS
goods being phut out of Europe will be liable for the payment of any assessment slaughtered in Canada. Mr. Tarte thinks are hereby required to pay the amount that Cinada should take immediate action thereof to me at my office within the to anticipate auch a dargaroua state 0f twenty days following the date of this no-
.lf*ira by	».	H. W.
day of the month of September, one thou sand nine hundred and two.
11. MATHESON.
SMART & SMITH.
G
o
Sewing Machines and Cream Separators.
1902 rs
1902
A NEW1T REBUILT HILL I
ÇLARENDON
ROLLER MILLS
IjICH CLASS AP MEDIUM
FURNITURE.
lieves that the national prosperity would he threatened otherwise.
Remember that we are adding to our reputation as man ufacturers of High Grade Flour.
Sec.-TreaH.
N. B.—That the said assessment is not divisible—must In* paid and promptly.
II. Mathbson.
Sec. -Srcas.
The Banner would be Loser
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables,
Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
You don’t Catch Us standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation already established, Nu,
Desirable Farm Property We want Hard Milling Wheat and can pay the
P	q |	I	highest price for it. We have a large stocK of Flour
rOr	'	and all kinds of Feed and can make Prices Bight.
Free traders argue that, in the event of the sbolition of protection in Canada, the demand cf our agricultural production will compensate for any h>ai to our manufacturers. Tin proposition is utterly absurd. If our factories are closed it means an ever increasing production of food stuff*, with a corresponding decrease of home markets and a lowering of prices. The cheapening cf products of the fac-

sir
The undersigned desires to sell the undermentioned farm property, situated
* _ :n	. v 4L I in the Township of Litchfield,* two miles
tory will be more than efijet by the fall from the village of Bryson, amt Intersected
in the price of the produc s of the firm. | by l»oth roads leading to Portage du Fort
And wo wou'd have nothing to hope fur and Shaw ville
in foreign markets, where wo would be In North West Half of Lot No. 80, in the
fra»=- - % ¦ ' ¦
demand for. Our own special production Also. South East half of Lot No. 20,1 Province of Quelw,
:s all wo*can hope to sell to outsiders, same range, containing 100 acres, and Municipality of Clarendon Wu should only go ebvoid for ih aej	i liviv ,,, Mlinll .hx oiling lioiv-.o with |>|ll)llc Notice is hereby given to nil
all necessary out build,ngs ;	erletora of real estate ami resident I, ¦
Also houth hast Half of Lot No. ‘21 in | holders of this Municipality that the valu-
ame range, consisting principally of hush Ution roll made by order of the School
Commissioners of t lie municipality On the above three lots there are about posited in my office where it ma 76 acres cleared. The property is well a mined by the interested parties
JAMES WILSON.
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Fu!ly Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
Farm for Sale.
Public Notice.
Part of Lot 27 of the 5th Range of Clarendon -13d acres: convenient to Shaw-ville, Portage du Fort, Bryson and P P. J. R’y.; 11.8 acres cleared well fenced and well watered, soil, rich clay loam, and in a good state of cultivation, level, but with sufficient slope to drain well, 73 acres ready for gram crop next year. 28 acres of hay. balance in pasture, of which 18 acres is cleared, orchard of 30 trees, large com mod Ions honse,* 2 barns 40x50 feet horse stable24x£i feet, tilted up with for hav fork. UU foot sited, cow house for 20 head, pig house, wood shed, carriage house, granary and dairy. .30 acres reauy for wheat next ye; r. \Vill be sold with or without stock and at terms to suit purchaser. Price greatly reduced for Immédiate sale. For further particulars apply to.	LIONKLHOLGIXS.
Radford, Que
pro
thing» which we cannot legitimately tluce at ho-ue, and any departure
pro
JHE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
! Choice
Fall
tluce at home, and any departure from this well recognized policy means neither more or leaa than equal rum to agriculturist and manufacturer. The farmer	............
should be given a ge.ierous amount cf | w.uèrvdiijùirtTv by tbeOPawa river), and | 3Ô days from this notice
is well aitihded for dairy pi
for selling Is
land
tie
The I time any ratepayer Interested m
tig,	Of 'U
he taken into consideration on i gated at a meeting o(Sch'XJl 1%k ers» which shall be fixed in a future uotlce.%
Dated, given at Shaw vide of September, one thousand i and t wo. HUGH MATHKSOX
protection as wall as the nvtnufiv1*!***. bat si fa-, alil-ough the g Vecumeat lias been ask*i	ik^amn cf the
FT rof Iffsc'çT; a fl tF r f s 1 hat Veen given.
1
nrposes ilinv*» in his
wl
mit
k
r
vac
ve
SBtnolo (Rasion
Goods
now coming in
t 1 family
FACTORY
1
For ftVnis and particulars apply to
•i. H. CHAPMAN,
Bryson, Que
held tl
t
2ft h day hundred
(Formerly McCredie & FJodgins)
Tariff for Revenue Only
Just now we are hearing a lot ab >ut “tariff for revenue only.” Mr. D. C Fraser, M. P. for Guyaboro, is a strong supporter of that policy Fraser is one of those Liberals who have fought the battles of hi* party on platforms which advocated anything from Commerçai Union, or in plain English, annexation with the United S ates, to 4 'Tariff for Revenue Only feature of the Liberal pdicy is appealing very strongly at present t) the Guysbo-r »uih Giant and others of his servile proclivities. In his o»n constituency the govornm mt is spending $21,460on public works. The locsb y. population benefited by the outlays, and the several amount?,

Is again built up
Sc.-frvas
__	_ ACCEPT ONLY
(LONDON)
AT
Public Notice.
and
The Starkes Corners
Cheap
Cash
Store.
ready for business.
For Sale
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Clarendon.
Public Notice le hereby give nrietors of real estate and resi holders of this Municipality Collection Roll of School Taxe lished by the School Commi-this Municipality has been made and completed and that It now i> and will remain in my possession for inspection by parties interested during thirty days from this notice, during which time it may be amended. Any ratepayer may during the said delay complain of such roll which shall be taken into considérât olognted. with,or without amendments, at the meeting of Commissioners to take place on the fifth day of October, 1964, at the town hall in the village of Shawville, at 10 of the clock, a. m. But > : h delay
expired it shall come into force and every | ^"Anyone desiring a farm to rent or on person interested, after having taken cog ^mrc8 can apply to nizanee thereof, if he so desire, shall pay the amount of his taxes to the undersigned. at his office, within the twenty days following the said delay of thirty days, without further notice.
Given at Shawville, this 2Vth day of the month of September, 1908.
HUGH MATHESON,
Svv. Treas.
Mr
) nil pro-it house-!int the
is estab-•ners of
One Draft Horse, eight years old. weight 1500 pounds ; 0 Milk Cows and Heifers, (Ayrshire Grade) coming in next spring-two will come in about the first of January ; also six grade Ayrshire Heifer Calves; one dozen purebred Yorkshire Pigs, ready to deliver on the 20th Octolwr. All will be sold at reasonable prices—according to quality. Apply to
J AS. ARMSTRONG,
Green Lake.
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, T H E PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. ::	::
ALES and
STOUT
jj
M
ÛÎ
The latter


IÏÏÏÏ
I
i I
a


nd horn
A full stock of Doors, Sash. Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
To Rent or on Shares.
Groceries always fresh
and select.
aid
Pop
Vote
!
t
3)rum Head.. Lirry'it River New Harbor.. Gr jsveoor.... Ogden’s Pond Sandy Cove,,
91 $7,000 332 6,000 184 G,000
MRS. HENRY GALLAGHER.
Glengyle, Que
400
i
SILAS YOUNG.
ROBERT C. HODCINS.
650
07	1,400

1
Farm For Sale.
Total
674 $21,250
The populations given are taken from the officials Atlas issued by Hon. Clifford Sifton. Ogden’s Pond and Grosvenor are so insignificant that the numbers of their inhabitants are not given. It will be se:n that the government is expending $33 per inhabitant in the six districts. This no •doubt is in keeping with Mr. Frassr's idea x>f “Tariff for Revenue Only. " It other members of the parliament were imbued with similar views, Canada's bill for public works alone would be about $269.000 000 per annum, and Mr. Fraser, to be <• insistent, would have to favor the outlay •‘Tariff for Revenue Only has a terrify tng appearance as Mr. Frasar utilizes it. And he is only one of many who are being furnished with such generous and c irrupt campaign funds.

Here it is ! S™E’s The Place

Heinv the North East Half of Lot No. 15 in the 2nd Range of the township of Clarendon, containing 100 acres of good clay and loomy land, about 30 acres of whicn are cleared. On the premises an* a bam and small house. For tenus and fuller information apply to Mrs. H. Burr, North Bay, Out., or
Wwurs c%HiBitioN3
Tharm arm no brims mo para and whola• soma as LAM ATT9 S Alas and Stout.
PATENTS
SASH and DOOR
Henry Gear, a farmer near Clinton, while returning from a hunting trip, attempted to lift his gun from the skiff. The weapon was discharged and Gear fatally wounded.
A gasoline yacht of the torpedo mo lei will be run on Chats Lake next season by Mets s J. C. and A. S. Ward. They are now engaged on the construction of the craft, putting in their leisure momenta thereat. It is t > be 22 feet long, five feet beam, and have a 3 h. p. engine which will propel it at the rate of ten miles per h vu r.
A. LYON, M. D.
Sbawvlle
FACTORY.
PROMPTLY SECURE
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Write for our interesting books " Inv* ora Help” and " Mow you are am India)
Send us a rough sketch or model of your vention or improvement and we will tell j free our opinion aa to whether it is proha
sssïâ I
and Washington ; this qualifiée us to prompt-/	Public Notice Is hereby given to all proPatenta procured through Marion fit Ma-/	of School I axes, as established by the	¦	.	¦	e
rion receive special notice without charge in >	School Cnmnnsrioners of this municipality	k Ol/Û t Infill Of H1M Of
over 100 newspapere distributed throughout/ i has been made and completed and that it —AWCLs U144» IllllCg
W» and
K,I a	Repairing
year. 110 believes that the output will SUI 1 Atlantic Bidg.Waehlngtou D.<L< I deration and homologated with or without	lv r**1 1 H|k »,	, , . ,	«
»	--------—:—— SE^KSSaSSS 4m.6 •* w j-i-isrs—s
in operation the returns will bo as great wldows and depending	person interested, after having cognizance
si former JT.	Hon. E. J. Davie announces that certi- amount of his tuxes to the undersigned! at
¦The	celebrated	libel	suit	brought	by	ficatis will be issued to all vo’umttre	his office, within tho twenty days follow
\V	T	R.	Preston	against	the	Ottawa	whose claims to land grants have b*Ml I Ing the said delay of thirty days, without
Journal for $10,000 damage,, has resulted proved on November Is». Toe certffi-	sl^wvillr. this 10th day of the	^ a ¦¦ ¦
in favor of the Journal, the jury bringing catds had hitherto t em held book, it la raol,th of September, in the year 1908.	P. S.—HlC iest nricft riftiH
^S£5r“ W* “ ""	te r'“-‘ -I	"	for Calfskins and pX '
Public Notice.
In connection with my former business I have just placed in position a set of first-claw machines for the manufacture of all kinds’of
Sash,
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, 86c.
They will be the Fastest Afloat
London, Oct. 4.—The des:gns for the two new Cunarders which will be built on the Clyde have not been c unpleted, but the tentative plane and drawings have been inspected by the admiralty officials and the directors of the co.npany. The t >nnsge, length and engine power depend upon the ip cd which will be attempted, and until this is determined neither the designs can be prepared nor tenders of fared. Engineers estimate that the new Cunarders, if designed for a speed of 24 knots, will need to be 750 feet long, and will cost about £875,000 each, while, if the designers are required to produce 25 knot* ships, they will be forced to increase the length of vessels and run up the cost above £900,600.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage In the past, I shall look forward to a future In crease in business.	' £9 9
DALE BROS.,
Shawville.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.

###PAGE###5###
\

V

THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Mens’ Suits and Overcoats.
Wvtkly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
Ftnif.rnukd a van Y Thursday AT 8HAWV1LLK, Co. PONTIAC. QUE.
mscmrrion-$i.QQ a ycah in adyanci.
No paper stopped until all arrearage# are paid, unless by special arrangement with 4U» publisher.
Men’s Shirta, Ladies* Blouses, etc., take a finer and more lasting finish— with less ironing JHHH Bee Starch is used.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
when
Your particular Suit or Overcoat want is here, . - i and being here is proof positive that you’ll not V* I have to pay more than is fair and reasonable
*
:oi
for
The

ADVKTITI8INO RATK3 I
it.
liCgnl advertising, eighteen!* per line for first Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at 14.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of * cents per line for first Insertion and 6 omils tor subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by Ihe month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application^
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will l>e Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
Perrin
Let us serve you this week with
STarcH
Suikey
Perfection Brand.
I?
m
We have placed into stock this week a very attractive and well-selected Stock of " Union made" Clothing for men and boys. Our buying powers are far-reaching, so much so that we find an open door to every prominent market, which makes possible such extraordinary low prices for good " Union made ” Tailored Clothing.
Requires no boiling — Iron cannot stick to the linen with BEE STARCH.
A Ht of three Patent Flat Iron*, nlckellsd, la «*-
Plow.

JOB PRINTING.

All kind# of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
FREE
These Plows, made in several numbers, are adapted to many natures but are all fitted with the wuue adjustments and carriages. The weight both of the plow aud the driver is borne on wheels with dust proof bearing* and the strain on the horses is loss than with any walking plow doing the same work.
The action and work of the plow is controlled entirely by the driver without leaving his seat or stopping his team, and any man, woman, boy or girl who can drive a team can do more work in a day than an experienced plowman can do with any Walking or any other Riding Plow, and do it as well.
JOHN A. COWAN
Publisher.
BEE STARQ1 CO.. MONTREAL ,

Business Cards.
îv Court Shawvilie,
mk Msjne.
\ il I Meets the 4tb Wednes-fif I lay o/ every month.
J® / Court dues muet be paid gky promptly every month.
^ Visiting brethren cor-w	dtslly invited.
MEDICAL.
L(XFj
Overcoats.
DR. N|cNAUCHTON.
i
Every Plow is provided with a Spring Lift and adjustment* for regulating by Lever the width and depth of furrow and lay of the sod, adjustable lock for striking out and finishing up land, etc.
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE :
at the new house built by James Cuthbertaon, opposite the Exhibition grounds.
We’re able to do exceptionally well for you in Men’s Overcoats, both for fall »n<l winter wear, a large stock of the new makes to choose from. Prices very low.
LB.C.
X. A. CoWAir, R 8
00000000000000Qg#
At home-Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons. Telephone In office.
R. W. Hodoiiis, C. R.
A. SMILEY.
GEO. HYNES, I Ladies’ Jackets.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.f
F. T. M. C.
Grsduste of Trlelty University. Toronto î OrsdtiaU of Victoria University. Toronto. Fellow by •¦amination of Trinity Med. College. Toronto. Omet A*D Rmidmics ï J. H AnMsrnniio'e House, MAIN 8TRKET - - 8HAWVILL*.
SAVE MONEY
.. AND ..
BUY FROM US
Besides showing an extensive range of imported Jackets, we have also placed into stock an attractive assortment of Canadian-made garments. Our Jacket sales so far have been very active. We advise an early call.
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWYILLB, - - QUE.
LEGAL.
D. LECUERRIER,
HOTARY PUBLIC.
on Wednesday, Thure* ¦	¦ week. Office at
ence.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at price* to suit all classes.
Will visit Bryson on W e day and Friday of evvrv R. MeC. Ritchie* reside
The Cloak assortment is at its best just now,
our third shipment having arrived.
BOURBEAURAINVILLE, ILL,
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the ¦¦¦uMtvs to the most elegant All calls receive personal
BRYSON
All Summer Goods will be sold at cost and below cost to make room for new Winter Stock.
ADVOCATE
• •
plainest req attendance. Open dav and night.
0
Wm. GAMBLE,
G.F.HODGINS
ADVOCATE, Ao.t
Oiticc : Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Out.
AT SHAWVILLE EVERY MONDAY.
District and Country.
A new Town m Fontiac.
Come and see our Prices.
Prize List Continued.
10 lbs Battfr in crock (Parker's special) —Mn. D Duff.
Clsrke
Mrs H Barnett 1, Mrs R Woodley 2, Mrs tox
harnfas	H Barnett 1, Miss Moran 2, Mrs John
-1EEL mm USES
SpHfK Ï rj*wsre nE£îSa®S
Clerk of tbe District MagUtretes'Court. Amongst the other structures erected arn licit 1. Mias Cuthbertaon 2, J H Arm-	Mr* Barnett 2 Mr» John Smith
Commlsiloner and Conveyancer. Deed», uffice, blacksmiih shop, boarding h.,uae«, strong 3.	..	„ „	3 Glia. iewel caie-Mra II Harnett 1
Mortgage», etc.,executed legally and aatls- e'e.*p camp and detached five-room cot Water Cjlor Paintirg—Mr» RQ El »• F ,¦	„	... .V , ., s ,
- - ÇUE. S.tv^e%dLl%d%d%" ''"wL Color o. .ilk-M.s R O Elliot. 1'%^ B^et^l Sïiu/c” Si-
'wl::Vr;...»www.ss^Sut:ASt
rash ey: ¦prss ;	i « l.	us ss lsss
MB
aleo bemg done by jobbers^ «even 10 Mra J Smith 3. Embroidery on silk— rioweie—Mra Thoe Reid 1. Mr, Weteandi j lrt o Mra Wilson, 3. White quilt,
, ;h ittx-sH ESTm^ETî-kî !	^ HssxE.
iHB: SJTSdSSFficj sH5Sra£& £
~ eee ™ "H	I	ee A—a
s wMBwaasm
BaFAiare»—	handling and .h.pment oflumber .a the 0r»ham lt Miw Armstrong 2, Mr. H | Mr. H Barnett 2, Mia John Smith 3	^	^ knittirg-xra. Graham. 1;
» SricutirTi rat’way Biding» and the lumber can be I B,rDett 3 R.bborsene w<=rk-Mra H : Fancy knitting m cotton-M.ie Arm-	ri*,kc 2 ¦
iSpiSS
having parlor|;ft	I
john sNttTH. Proprietor.	i jussü	i s2^r^~r.i
ly be safe in the nsnds of such expenenc-1 Mstheeon .3	.”	- m ^
td civic legiilatora as Aid. Jaa. Davidson and Ei Aid Robert Dêvideon.
Embroidered table doilies—
E. B. DEVLIN, N|.A., B.C.L.
The following articl», descripiva of Politise» newest 14 town,” appeared in the Ottawa CU zei a couph of weeks •go: >
Embroidered table cover—Mra
ADVOCATE,
J. F. GRONAU - LADYSMITH.
’
Rifles.
We have bought a Bankrupt stock of Rifles as
follows
W. W. IRELAND,
Price, $8 00 Price, $5 00 Price, $8 OU
SPENCER REPEATER, 7 Shot, 56 Cal., Rim Fire SHARP’S SINGLE SHOT, 56 Cat, Riui Fire.. SHARP'S CENTRE FIRE, 50 Cal.......
:o:
McDOVŒALL 5c CUZNER,
Hardware Merchants, - -
SHAWVILLE
Sussex St. Ottawa.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.


QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
J. J. TURNER,
-A N D-
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION gYS-
Summer Time Card.

ItvFW-
O. N, AND W. RAILWAY.
GIDmitfsoi
4 Train Ne. 101 leave»Ottawa 5.05 P.M. 4- Train No, 108 arrives 4t
o Train No. 103 leaves "
o Train No. 104 arrives 44
§ Train No. 105 leaves 14
§ Train No. 106 arrives *'
4- T Train No. 107 leaves 44
4- 4- Train No. 106 arrives 44
8.25 A.M. 7.30 A M.
6.00	P.M. 1. 30 A M
8.00	P.M. 9.30 A.M. 6.45 P.M.

K

\

mt

m
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
4- Train No. 100 leaves Ottawa 5.15 P.M. Train No. 110arrives 4
•	Train No. Ill leaves "
*	Train No. 112 arrives “
4- Daily except Sunday, o Daily except Saturday and Sunday.
§ Saturday only.
4- f Sunday only.
* Mondays, Wednesdays & Fridays only.


i


9.25 A.M. 6.45 A.M. 6.35 P.M.

#
; n'as Eil'ott, 3.
S
For tickets or further information apply to station agent or GEO. DUNCAN,
Disk Pass. Agent,
42 Sparks St.,
Ottawa, Ont.
__ _	______ A young roan named Wilkinson went
„irFfwSfv.1 stï£ï±ti™f" “-M—1 —
__	_	____ Homemade * companion named Johnston, when the
H.B. SPENCER,
Cen. Superintendent,
. P. R )
OTTAWA, Oat#
Corrigan 1
The spot for—
A Fashionabl* Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
UNION STAX I
Tour Turn next.
ST


###PAGE###6###
¦J*
njfcf!







UTILIZING THE EUPHRATES. ! BEAUTIFUL IS TttE RAIN!
Mesopotamia May
by Its Waters.
LAW'S EB-ÏSTABLMÏINÎ
ARCTIC COAL.
GOLD AT GREAT DEPTH.
A8 HODS WITH DNOLE SIS
Starting the Mining Industry Amid Spitsbergen Snow.
Me Reclaimed
Rich Sub-strata Beneath Creeks and in Moose Horne.
Provides a Wonderfully Clean and
Pure Air.
IT IS BEING ACCOMPLISHED IN SOUTH AFRICA.
how the stfcf* Yankee
SPENDS THE DAY.
Æfirsxsaïiaï jsrM^tsaM,rjsr t inr-s sr
coal bolds ou the southwest coast of	with more numerous ruins than in fortunaio that it	h is hern so	an it	Trading Co. from Dawson City, its
Spitsbergen. For several	years	past	Mesopotamia. It» present poverty is Vrts th . t	*rt #or ffrtwlt n-.	headquarters in the Yukon territory,
their ttehemsn, while in these	coset-	almost as remarkable as wore its	tj ,	* i )irinir savB t»M. lxm(loll	announce that an astonishing die-
al waters, have observed the	out-	ancient fertility ami wealth The	. ,	,	m0 tho muloritv it mnv be	covery of a gold-filled sub-stratum
Of all the departments of the new crops of coal. Their stories aroused soil is mixed with fragments of a „ TO 0f satisfaction that siùmb- *lae l>con m»do by boring forty-eight administration thnt of the At Lor- interest at home and the coal fields bricks ami earthenware; the so-called m iuslifiablv and he who can fcet below what has been previously ney-U encrai, Sir 1Uchard Solomon, were examined us a possible source	tells or mounds of rubbish are dot-	vasl nbout for n||(| (ln(j n fvw ro_	considered to be be<irock in the
Is perhaps the hardest worked, says of profit. Several companies have	ted in thousands of places over the	deeming features in regard to the ex-	"Iream bottoms
a letter from Pretoria. It is cer- been formed to carry on coal mining	plains, while a few remains of	lively unpropilions weather which	wa* made by two miners owning
ftainly the	most important; its jur-	in these new holds and there is	much	towers and crumbling walls mark	W(, are	experiencing proves the pos	wmall fractional claims at the Junc-
tstliction	extends, besides ordinary	:conlldonc# in Norway that	the	the sites of large cities, th©- very	srsfijon	uf virtuous content One	llon °* Bonanza and Eldorado
law work,	to patents, trade marks,	new Arctic enterprise will be	pro-	names of many of which are now un-	fact lnav proV0 a solace and that Is	Crocks, who not only found an
company	registration,	registration	Ütable.	known.	tlmt jt Wos Impossible to run	away	abundance of pay dirt forty-eight
of deeds,	prisons,	police, the	admin- A correspondent writes	from	Her The plains of Mesopotamia have from lhv weather	bv leaving	Eng-	feet below the usual mining level, but
istration of the liquor law, and pe- gen that the coal of Spitsbergen is	fallen from their former pre-cmin*	i, m« #or Mlmiiv b id and In some	ûIe0 the horns of a moose. Encour-
titlona, as well as to other work finely adapted for the manufacture	enco for two reasons. One is that	I ' ' a tfool» worse weather	by this evidence that they were	Just , years	ago Chicago	was
which in England Is performed by of gas. Th© fuel burns with a high	tho traders and farmers scattered	has been the rule snnarentlv over the	not to° low to they kept	organized into	a town with about
the Homo Secretary's department, dame and is extremely combustible,	over tho plains were exposed on all	wj,0|0 world Certainly in many	on digging. At a depth of 140 foot	ft (loz<‘n Luulllvh	grouped round	the
Tho work done comprises 120 pro- Although Hpitzbergen is in the Arc-	aides to tho incursion of barbarous	plftCee Whoro highly favorable wen-	lheV found another pay streak and	Port
cl am allons and ordinances, many of tic regions, coal may ho mined there	horded, their cities were sacked and	thcr so oftcn obtains tho conditions	tho trunk of a tree imbedded in clay
which are of tho most delicate and to considerable advantage. In the razed to the ground, and the popula- have been worse than those prevail-	TRACES OF VOLCANO.
Intricate nature, taking ellcct as lirst pi ace it has been found that no tion was reduced till to-day it is ing |„ tho Uritish Isle, Italy, fori it now supposed, says the corn-law but being, unlike ordinary leg- large capital is required to start the	scarcely over 1,000,000 In a terri-	examplo. has been visited with snow	pany's correspondent, that at one
Islation, which enjoys the advantage work, as is the case in civilized	tory us large as France, more than	8torms and a cold season has boon	time Bonanza and Eldorado Creeks	Th« domestic	silk Industry	em-
of cnticisiu and discussion from ev- countries. Theie is no costly ground	one half of the present inhabitants	accorded which for its bitterness ap-	were deep canyons Shafts already	P|oy» 34,000	men, 86,000 women
cry point of view, the work or one	to buy, no diffloult	foundations	to	are nomads, whose tenta are pitched	. peara to b„ without precedent. Other	put in to a	depth of 210 feet	are	»n<l 6 000 children In	488	mills,
man Tho fact that it has been	build in the way of	shafts, and	as	on the verge of tho desert.	countries reported to bo commonly	apparently nowhere near the	bot-	with $81,000,000 capital,
necessary to amend only one or two	the land is not inhabited there	are	The	other reason	for the present	blessed with sunny skies have shared	torn, and considerable excitement is Kansas will	require $5,000,000
spiuiks lor Itself.	no property	considerations to Inter-	desolation Is that	Irrigation works	the same	experience In this fact,	manifested over what may ultimate-	and $10,000.000	of outside capital
l ho amount of work already ac-	tere Transparut Ion	from the mines	were destroyed and tho fertile areas	perhaps, may lie a crumb of consola-	|y be found.	He adds that In	his	this year to be used In marketing lie
«omplished is one of the best proofs	to the ships will be	inexpensive,	tho	were ruined by tho invasion of tho	tion, but it Is small.	opinion the	whole Klondike must	great crops of wheat,	corn	and
of t it iu.'uivss made by tho new	situation of	the mines favoring	tho	sands	of the desort	Greater	consolation surely may be	have been once terribly shaken up	oats.
HiiTi rinhllî8	towage by	rope of railroad	cars	()N	T11E SOUTHWEST SIDE.	found in	the fact that in London,	by an earthquake or a volcanic or-	Crop estimates compiled from Gov-
“ .shur^Ld Vmtorla and resident lo";dod.*t n'ln0*\	Just ns tho sands of the Sahara at any rate, and In many other big I ,,ption Proof of this contention ernmenfs omclnl ligures, indicate a
“iTKzrfonlsts r*-z "ft"* ‘-""ur:,» jsrjss u::dn %xk	jzst^rs S” ss xfls&igs sss d
x s*	--	saw* riaap-s svw ïzjtz suss —
lH:'u	ni?f ? rt	12 40 pcr ton They say thuL^5 Tigris millions of acre# of once and clear air. Tho freshness and number of bones that once formed
suri, Ht, fh‘! In iiv'!, kr°il tv ' XV, tt ,orce of aixtv workmen, 25,000 fruitful	have Men turned into transparency of the air of London the framework of mammoth and
lilti rimr »thprl t'n t	H i! tons n,ay l,e takvn out ^nnuaily. iç> pincvs by the invasion of arc well-known effects of a sharp , other extinct animals are constanta til ing others to suit the new state The coal can be transported only in ^dstonna.	rainstorm.	Tho continual bom- iy being uncovered.
« wings.	the summer, but the works may bo Mr Ellsworth Huntington, who bardnient of tho air by millions of ''Every miner here during the last
kept going the year round.	has recently visited tho Euphrates, pure water drops exerts a median i-1 year,M says W. H. Isom, "hoe deIn Sweden none of the tx*st steel-	aa.,a ihere can be no doubt that	cal effect, a physical effect, and a voted more or less time to the find-
Among tho most important items	making iron ores are being mined	^ rixer ^ utilized some day	chemical effect, all of which play a I jng of quart*, but as yot nothing
In the new legislation are the ostab-	in large quantities, many miles	to reclaim the plains of Mcsopo-	part in a hygienic purpose. There that is realty good in this
lishment of courts of justice, the ad-	north of the Arctic circle. Tho only	tlUlljR through which it pass«*> He	is the mechanical effect of removing j üno has been brought
ministration of estates ordinance, railroad now existing in the Arctic	yie Euphrates ncodacontrol- suspended	particles—dirt,	dust, light, although there is on
the transfer duty proclamation, and	regions carries the ore from those	|in‘ just ^ the Uritish are con-	^moke, micro-organisms—and carry- Kock Greek a solid mountain of	80na desert is in tho possession of
the ammunition and liquor laws	far northern mines to the Baltic ;	trolling the Nile. England has	ing them to earth; there is the phy- oro that will take a hundred years	persons who have a wealth greater
¦¦¦ establishment of a Supremo	another Scandinavian Arctic enter-	found that the only way to secure	steal effect of a difference of electric to reduce. Tunnels were driven in-	«mn thnt of any portion of the
Court is one of the greatest boons	prise that will give a busy aspect	mMtery over the Nile is to control	potential being relieved, removing a to this mountain last year, and tho	Union—about $2,000 per head,
bestowed on the new colony; many	to the southern shores of the	ils sources; therefore »he is now	stress responsible perhaps for head-1 average of ore taken out was about	Shod were scarce In Connecticut
mitstandir* cases could only be do-	Spitsbergen Archipelago is likely	umking the huge dam at Assuan	ache and a depressed feei ng; and, ! $3 a ton. Recently, I understand,	waters this summer, but appeared in
elded by & Supreme Court. Its jur-	soon to be well developed and us	iuid ig considering the greater task	finally, there is a very important the values have improved until they	largo numbers in tho Ohio River, a
Isriiction at present is not fully	prosperous as iron mining in Arctic	of regulating the outflow of the	chemical effect by which tho air is! now average about $7.”
criminal; owing	to	the	disturbed	Sweden.	Africm lakes	freshened. There is no doubt that
lnn,iG C°.U	9,r	f	,e ThC	thorities	arc confronted. According enable vast tracts of	the	beet land	Place» where the air is naturally
muss	mm	mmi
S---------------
drink and business and domestic of food stuffs. Mr. Huntington b©-troubles were accounted to be large- Uevee that these wide plains are iy resjionsible.	again destined to	to	numbered
The London County Council has to among the richest parts of the maintain 2017 miles of paving, a large section of which is in a constant state of upheaval, owing to the number of gas, electric and
Advice# received in Chicago by the _ North American Transportation and
Some Interest! ment and
IMFor k Progressing Satisfactorily to People as Well as to Executive.
ng Matters of Mo# Mirth Gathered
From Hi» Doing».
Fishermen along the shores of th» Atlantic have been catching shark! in swarms.
Francis Murphy, tho famous temperance apostle, has become a resident of California.
Tills discovery
The beginning of the eocond half
sees the railroads of the crose the 200,000
of 1002 United State» mile line.

Hock Hill, S. C., Is. from an industrial point of view, one of the busiest and most prosperous towns of tho State.
The Rev. A. B. Simpson, New York, at Old Orchard Beach. Maine, on a recent Sunday received collections amounting to $15,335 for foreign missions.
William Penn, tho founder of Pennsylvania, was the son of Sir William Penn, an admiral who fought with distinction tho fleets of Ilol-I land and Spain.
Tho cultivatftblc part of the Arl-
JUDICIAL ORGANIZATION.
Tho
profitable catch having been made within five miles of Cincinnati.
IMMIGRATION ON INCREASE
if possible, works is said to be good, prices Roosevelt
He is to bo named Theodore
make a settlement
to
Business	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦m¦¦
of staple# comparatively low and j \ new union station. Involving an wages constantly high on account of expenditure of $2,500,000, Is pro-tho scarcity of compétent help. | posed for St. Louis. It is to cover
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦two	between
and 14th Sts. and Poplar and Clark streets.
EYE-STRAIN HEADACHES.
The commission appointed to
Proper-Fitting Glasses Is the Only apportion Oklahoma has announced 1	Sure Cure.	the total population of the terri-
tory to be 600,000, with one re proReference has been made more than tentative for every 22,000 people, once to the headaches result mg From and one Senator for every 45.000. eye-strain—either overwork with practically normal eyes, or any j has
Russia has decided to attempt to	work with imperfect eyes; hut so	new|y	devised system of electric	sig-
export moat and live stock to Eng-	much suffering results from the nag-	nais for the tunnel there, which
land, the greatest buyer of these	loct or ignorance of this fact that	ff&shcs	the red danger light in	the
food supplies. The Government will	no apology is needed for frequent re-	fftC0	the cngincer jn his cab.
assist financially in launching this turn to the subject.	it i8 estimated that more than
branch of the export trade. Slaugh-	The causes of headache are	legion;	$2,000,000	worth	of	building	conter houses are being built	at Libau	bad stomach, nasal disease,	"uric-
on the Baltic, and a regular line of acid diathesis M. Jean de Bloch, who died early cold storage steamers will ply be-in 1902, was a Polish banker of the tween that port and England. Thu first importance, a man to whom the Russians say they hope to make an Russian Government turned for ad- export market for ut least 100,000 vice and help in its financial opera- head of live cattle a year in additions. He was a man of thought, tion to xory huge quantities of and therefore studied the social and dressed meat. At present tho ox-economic conditions which make it port meat industry con hardly be	many a	person
necessary for governments to raise said to exist in Russia. That coun-	martyr for years	to	periodical	sick-
large sums of money. Ills studies	try has far more cattle than any	headaches, and consulted physician
led him to the conclusion that tho	other European nation, but for years	after physician, and had dieted,
maintenance of great standing arm-	its fresh meat exports have averaged	taken "headache cures," and done
ies is at the root of the matter, and	only about $100,000, while the ship-	everything but the right thing, has
that in the natural progress of	ments of live cattle have never ex-	finally had his eyes tested and fitted
events	these	armies	will bring about ceeded $200,000 a year.	with proper glasses and then	found
their	own	destruction.	It will, of course, be	neoe sary	the headaches disappear as	by a i	Many	anecdotes	show	that	Indian#
His argument is that the immense greatly to improve tho quality of	miracle.	have not	been	wanting	in	calculation
improvement in the implements and Russian cattle in order to compete	Usually	these sufferers	are	people j and	cunning	in	their	dealings	with
methods of war, the withdrawal of	with England's other sources of	wbo usc their eyes a good deal—j	white people. Indeed, the	paleface,
a constantly greater element of the	supplies The Government will give	^hey ttre students, seamstresses,	although superior in intelligence and
population from productive labor,	direct attention to the better breed-	watchmakers, bookkeepers, literary	education, is often obliged	to look
and the ruinous drain upon national	ing of Beef cattle and also to the	workers, or merely great readers or j	very sharp in order not to become
finances for equipping an armament	improvement of export dairy pro-	womcn given to fine embroidery or j	the dupe of tho crafty red	man. In
uml keeping it "up to date." will I ducts.	•	lace work.	"The Deserts of North America
make it impossible for the civilized. Most of the many million of cat-	eye-strain headache ia of no this anecdote Is related:
nations to continue the present mill- tie raised in Russia live on the wide cill, typo ‘ and perhaps this is j An Indian, after hearing the I Young	Spriggs lost &	rich wife	tary system.	southern steppes in the warmer part	it jg ^ ofLon unrecognized. It	1 preacher speak from tho	text, "Make
through a miscalculation,	or, rather,	It is not a sentimental argument,, of the country, where thev feed on	n	* he Q . ftn 0CCftgi0nal dull pain	j vows to	Heaven, and	keep them,"
through calculating too correctly, but the conclusion of a hard-headed the pastures during all the winter V forehead or temples, It may	up to tho preacher after the
He was courting a lady who wasn't	man of business.	His book is such	months, having shelter at no period	^ a gcneral soreness, or it may be	! sermon, and said:
so young as she used to be, and	one	a storehouse of well-arranged facts	of the year. It is astonishing that	throbbing racking headache which	' "I have made a vow	to go	to your
evening, when purling, ho said, that the Russian experts command-, with such an enormous quantity of hc gj^htest noise or a bright light house."
playfully:	ed by the tsar to	examine it advise	cattle, the country has never given	nmkee unbearable. It may be con-	The minister was a	little	surprie-
"I’m going to give you a kiss	for	the study of it by	every staff officer,	attention to improving breeds and	gtftnt it may be irregular, or it	ed. but ho smiled and said,	"Well.
Bloch’s last work was to tx‘gin the methods so as to make the animals	rccur with tho regularity of a i keep your vow
He set	to	work rather	wildly,	for [ organization of	a "War and Peace	of larger commercial	importance; but	m,alarial attack. Sometimes	the1	On	arriving	at	the	house	the	In-
und Institution" at Lucerne, a museum the main purpose of cattle raising	^ worse at night; sometimes ! dian seated himself, and after a time
lie had	meant to	which, by means of pictures,	models,	thus far has been for hides, tallow	^	patient wakes with a headache	j remarked,	"I have made	a vow to
thirty, but he	got mixed, |charts and other legitimate	devices,	and the local meat supplies. Tho	whjclh disappear# after a cup of cof-	SUP with	you."
meat is	fee Thc on, v	of eye-1	was also granted, but
ferior. Enormous value will be add-	Ftrftjn headache is that it is	per-	after supper,	the Indian announced,
allied to the cattle industry even if	9istcnt aIld doc8 not yicld, at	least	"I have made a vow to sleep in
more animals are not raised by im-	pcrmanentiv# to any course of	diet-	your house,"	the minister began to
proving the quality.	in-	medication, or hygienic living.	fear thnt there would be	no end	to
The sheep	are better in	quality	Tho	on, effectjve treatment Is re-	the vows of his attentive	auditor,
than the cattle and produce more mova| ,xf tho *rain by correction of "That is easy to do, and you
s? &:	star a 2 esrS5%rrs*«-t?-«2
shin woollen	mills consume nearly	readillg vcrv fine prlnt or rc,vllng In	ed, "I have made a vow	thnt you
a the entire	wool product.	Many	light or on a railroad train,	shall leave to-morrow morning "
millions of hog» are raised, and	nufc a word ()f Oautlon lg	mogt	The Indian	nodded. "Good!" he
hog product» arc the largest article	nccpg9arv here Tho gia.SSPe must he	“You	make my vows come
of meat exports at	present, though	....	.	.	.enlist	nftor	a	true:	so	I	make	your	vows	come
amounting to only about #1.000 000	^nation of the "yes. for true." And the next morning he
a year Exported hog bristles long bftdlv fitt(,d gln99cg wln oniy toftke went away in good humor.
EASILY G ATT: n r	amounted in value to about a# much
"Marriage is often a failure,"	o8 hog meat products shipped
said Mrs. Caustique, "that I don’t Pretended deafness is readily ex- abroad.
! blame women a bit for being old pored by a simple do vire, which is n is evident that Ruwfla has much
"Blame them?" said the often resorted to by the Parisian to learn from other nations ns to crusty bachelor.	"Of	course	not.	It |authorities. Six	men	there re-	the most profitablo methods of
ccntly tried	to	escape	conscription,	utilizing domestic	animals. But
but they subsequently betrayed there is now every Indication that Father—"Well, my son. whajt did themselves One man wan informed j iarge value will he added to the ani-you learn at school to-day?" Sonny that he might stroll about the bar- mai industries by the efforts now - "Not to cheek Tommy Collins." rack yard, a portion of which was under way to improxt» their quality Little Ethel (horrified)— We’ve paved with stone. A f xv minutes ar<| to compete with foreign suppliers invited too many children to our Later a coin was adroitly dropped 0f meat pred icts tea-party. There isn't enough for behind him, end its mu ical jingle them to get	more than a bite caused him to turn to ?o?k for it
each." Little Dot (resignedly) — The same trie* x That's too bad. We’ll have to call of the other five, and #ucetoM| in the time?' it an 'at home."1	[every casa	I whistle when Y Is smoking."
ro-
RUSSIAN MEAT EXPORTS.
DUTCH APPRECIATION
Government Will Attempt to Build Up a New Industry.
It is found thnt the Dutch appreciate extremely the rule of the officers, who throughout tho districts are very popular. Several of the magistrates are Dutch colonials. In
proportion to tho resident	magie-,	.	.«
traites a number of assistant	magis-	wa*er	companies having	thc	power
trates have been appointed, with the °I)0n roadways.
same powers as the resident magi.s- * he problem *»i housing t ho "1 ^
tratee, but under them. Several	in8 P®0!»1® is deftlt with	on	a	lur$®
Dutch have been appointed	assist-	*al®.	t,ie bounty acting	a*	landlord
ants. The duties of the magistrates a arc various: they are in fact judges of minor cases, collectors of taxes, health inspectors and general administrators. All power of prosecution is in the hands of the Attorney-General, and is in no case private.
Public prosecutors have been pointed in each district. Many of them are Dutch. At present the magistrates are chairmen of most of the repatriation and compensation district boards to come
code, a monumental work, is in course of preparation; it will probably be published in a month. The criminal procedure is based on either the Indian penal code, with many changes in consonance with the conditions of the country, or on the common law or the Romano-Dutch law, altered as circumstancs demand. Most of the commercial laws are based on thc English. The gold law and the companies law, the next two important ordinances to come, are now being considered. The first will bo based on the result of the labors of the gold commission. The patent law, the codes and marks law will be practically the same ns in England. The copyright ordinance will also form part of the future legislation.
Tho New York Central Railway mode a successful test of tho
«‘THE FUTURE OF WAR.”
Late M. Jean de Bloch's Opinion
of Large Armies.
tracts have been awarded in Patter-and other things ; son, N. J., since May 1st, and that but it is not an exaggeration to say buildings to cost that much are now ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I It more frequently
all the other causes week this amount is increased
» #
population of 12,596, housed in cottages, block dwellings and various other structures. The year's working showed a net surplus of $11,565 for these dwellings, compared with a deficit of $5,785 for the previous year. The County is a large owner of omnibus and street car line**, which carried last year over 118,000,000 passengers, while all the omnibus lines of Greater Loudon showed the enormous total of 530,000,000 passengers.
The city's debt statistics show n discouraging increase, the total debt outstanding being $231,844,855, equivalent to 124.98 per cent, of the ratable value, against 104.64 per cent, when the London County Council came into existence. Tho tax rate now amounts to about 36& cents per pound sterling ($5).
that eye-strain the fault than combined, yet it b perhaps the most frequently overlooked, not only by tho sufferers themselves, but also by their medical advisers. Many and
who had been a
course of construction. Every
Cupt. Ogilvy, who is to be rlod to a western lady, is the ond son of the tenth Earl of Airlio. He has lived in America for several years, and left Colorado to serve in the British cavalry during the Boer war, where he acquired tho rank of capt aln
sheep ranch in Lnsulle. Col
mar-
Hî<y
ap-
Ile la now conducting a
Legislation is still An enormous new penal
TOOK HIM AT IIIS WORD
# #
HOW HE LOST A WIFE
» #
every year of your age, dourest.
f •
CONFIDENCE IN CHIEF JUSTICE
he didn't much like the job. missed count
________
and never drew breath until he had I should exhibit the complete horrors quality of
plan
! to open similar institutions in the great centers of travel and population.
Although there is no novelty in Bloch's theory that thc war system must break down of its own weight, yet it is »o powerfully presented that the volume containing a summary of his argument will have wide circulation, and will exert a great influence upon popular opin-
It is hoped that the Circuit Court of tho country districts will begin towards thc end of the year, following practically the same direction as the old. It can be seen that the work of this department is practically in the hands of one man, whose task is Colossal. Sir J. Rose-In nes, as Chief Justice, has won thc full confidence of the Dutch as well as of tho English. A remarkable scene was witnessed a short time ago at a dinner oflfbred by tho bar to tho bench of tho Supreme Court, presided over by Sir R. Solomon. Among those present were Mr. Smuts, the late Attorney-General and a fighting commandant; Mr. Dcwet, a Cambridge honor man and Botha’s secretary; and Mr. Beyers, a prominent Boer fighter and able lawyer. All three are in constant practice, while Beyers, who was Boer commandant ma,ds* in the north, is in full practice as in attorney.
imprinted forty-five kisses on chaste countenance speak to him
Now she won't
"Wigwag is always going to law about, something." lie's even going to marry a girl named Sue."
That's so

Traveler—“Who was that man whom I overheard denouncing the new town hall as a death trap?
Village Merchant—"That was thc architect who didn't plan it."
9 9
ion
4 4
matters worse, and by leading tho patient to think that the eyes are not in fault, cut off all hope of a cure by a competent oculist.— Youth's Companion.
TIIE MODERN NAVAL OFFICER.
The day has gone by when the fool of the family could be sent to sea with n fair prospect of success if possessed of courage, determination, and good luck. The executive nar val officer of to-day has to combine the proficiency of the advanced mathematician, the ingenuity of the expert engineer, and the skill of the trained gunner, in addition to presence of mind, facility of resource, thc gift of diplomacy, and a knowledge of internat* n*l I#w and strata
h
sn’t their fault."
Flora—"Yes, I sing in a church where they have an awfully small congregation." Dora—"Then why don't you stop singing?"
A GIDDY INSECT.
Your mamma." said Papa Moth to his eldest îaji, "is the giddiest Insect I know."
"Why papa?'
"Slu »n continually attending camphor huile.”
# #
"Trailing gowns should never be worn on the street, my dear; they are intended for women who ride In all carriages." "Well, Jack, you know Oh, he can't very well that it isn't my fault that
I haven't a carriage/-
Oaller—"Why do you permit your 'li each office boy to smoke cigarettes
T Awyer

11
L
###PAGE###7###
"" -
*êt**èéêê*êê*êëèêê*****é*Mê*êêêêêêê*êêéè*èê
$ The Mighty I How «-«
? » * j	« • I Greatest City
l MCtrOpOliS I Is Governed
GERMANY'S MEAT FAMINE
PERSONAE POINTERS.
| SMOKERS ABE ELL BOIS
BRUITS as pood.
Health and nourishment From Apples and Nuts.
Notes of Interest About Some Prominent People.
In Texas women have taken to ' ** *tUd that those who eat fruit According to recent advices from ranching. One of the most success-1-®00*1 *0Wcr stimulants than those Germany the meat famine in all ful of these is Mrs. Pauline Whit- : *bo do not. There are many per- Parts of the empire has reached such man, who owns a ranch of two hun- ®°n# w^° “imply cannot combine the proportions that even the semi-ofli-
in the Pan	two Together. A	case is	cited	of a	cial press has been compelled to tako
There she	raises fifteen	dipsomaniac who	would drink	any-	cognizance of the agitation in favor
..	thousand cattle annually, using only thing rather than water. Nho re-1 of the repeal of the new law which > Thf,r_	.	.. . .	.
..	through It every day more twenty cowboys for their handling, quired something which would bite I practically prohibits the importa-* ru	Point on huh teach*
than	a	million	go	In	and	out	while	and	successfully	competing in the	and sting and she would	drink	red	tion of meats. In various cities and i H ,u , <U\.	oxccptlon	are	agreed.
It Is	light,	but at	night	It	la	*1-	market	with the	kings	of the cattle	lnk- or- >n fuel,	almost	anything	towns societies are being organ!,ed	".	that	“t>oki“«	by	grow-
mo.t u deserted as a city of the trade.	that was acrid. And so some fruits to carry on the movement in a Tr ,	incompatible
¦¦¦¦SIPS
ASH
HOW LONDON IS GOVERNED. rey docks and the West Indian docks hours afterwards the Czar saw the rhe banana abounds In fatty and the meat duty/'	, *	.
From what I have said about httJc eaÇb 350 acres.	window and immediately cut his oily material.	I The Tageblutt then goes on to say my mind in* confirmu tmrT of t hU I
London's city improvements you Even larger than these are the nanw- Then came the Kaiser, who I Nuts arc the protcld kings among that the cities should assert them- have noted enw after r ,<*>	.
will see that the government here is Boyal Victoria and Albert docks, added his name to those of the three .fruits. It Is on them that the apes selves more energetically in this KO, t n#	Pr'	umnn„
something of an Institution.	This	which are almost	three miles in	Royalties. A British diplomatist	main turn much of their vigor.	j matter instead of	waiting for Pro-	Lovk	in th#	tohivwt	ht!L*C r h
Is, you know, the capital of the	Xangth, and have	an area of 500	and an American millionaire are now Jhus the almond can be thorough-1 videnco to fill	the markets. It	-JL	hnvs	,fi#K	Vj VAa#	?
United Kingdom, the sent of	Par-	acres, and those of	Tilbury, further	striving to outbid each other in or-	ly masticated, or else pounded	or , quotes as follows	from the Straw	mil dfl whn	.,,n	r	® L? -fL	4n
11 amen t and tho residence of	the	down tho Thames,	which are quite	der to 8®T possession of the piece of	pulloii. It is rich in oil, as well	as burger Post, a Government paper :	|	their	studies Vpwin	tn fl»<r end rim#
King and Royal family. It has all	11 s *arge.	If you could put a big &,aw.	|in proteid. Almonds and raisins,	"Compared with the meat prices untq thcv brought un in f|L	Vi d
the chief omcials of the govern-	farm under water, and allow mighty	Salisbury has	a	favorite	cat	V	Ch	ar,e *° ?ften Uken after a	at Mulhouse, and other cities of this ‘	X	B	P
ment, but its own administration is	warehouses to rise up along the	bor-	n	jg tt creiH betworm	n	Persian	t»hl	Î14	1	arc, like cheese, absolute-, vicinity, those prevalent at Frank-
separate and apart from these. It is	ders and through the fields and	add	by	and a chinchilla	m w and	Huh	V	a complete meal in themselves; so	fort might be termed low. A pound |
difficult to understand it, for tho	hundreds of steamers loading	and	the name of Floss	Ii	u hloek	m.d	gl	rat	18 °*ur 1Knorance about food	of veal cannot be bought for less in
town has now a dozen or so mayors unloading at them, you might have well-bred, with fur ns soft as down— iV1V.UT' ,	,	,	! than 24 cents,
and n maze of other	authorities.	*ome idea of these docks. They are	«UBt the sort of cat one would	ox-	Jt 18	*? “	° The almond :	"Nut-	28 cents is the market price. Pork	j It was too	common
Not long ago it had	500 separate	profitable institutions, and tho Lon-	p^t to find in-the	aristocratic	at-	cre<Via	19r	recommended for	brain-	sells at 19 cents a pound, mutton,	to require	explanation.	I	venture
authorities, each exercising some don county council is planning to mo sphere of Hatfield House She Is *orkcrl*/ 11 is made as follows : beef and other meats for about the to say t could pick out the tobacco sort of control, but most of these bring them under the control of the allowed the free run of the olace \otm<1 i11 morter or mince finely same price. Even the price of anus- users in any cla«ss of boys, no mat-were swallowed up in the London c*Ty. They now belong to private an(j Whcn *he sees her master dim- * benched almonds, two wai- ages has gone up, and owing to the ter how large, and pick them out, city council. At present there is a companies, and the city propows to piaJ8 «ii siens of feline emotion nutfl' tWo ouncc;8 of P'kernels ; i generally bad condition of business, too, by no physical, external indica-county government, a	city govern-	buy out the present owners and to	which pleased and	hapov cats	are	°'.rr	night in oran6c or	lemon	not only the laboring class, but	tions. You	would n«ed	no other
ment and a borough	government,	manage the docks by a public board,	wont to manifest.	As soon as Lord	,	to* .	cr<?am should be	made	also the smaller officials and busir.e s	guide than what the results	of the
The borough government might bo a"dor tf»e direction of parliament. Salisbury sits down the < it takes “i08*1	, and aiay be used in the men are suffering severely. We are recitation room indicated,
called a ward government, for the This will probably be done at some 'possession of his knee and there the P aî? .?/ ,ut^er'	J	j informed that the local Chamber of "I think that smoking oven among
city is divided into twenty-eeven time ,n the future.	ex-Premici* will allow It tn remain L Ml k aImonds $8 made of the Deputies Intends to begin an inves- persons of mature years is a great
wr*': svs js ™	m “• ."vrr. s a s s
and a certain class of officials.	Another	thing which tho county Panion	*ie co or °f a,ubcr are delicious to	Tho Butchers’ Society of Saxony, <***«8 of many others of my	ac-
TUNTnoNf rnTTNTV ronvriL |C?unC1] is planning is the bringing,	*	.	®at Wlth biscuits or bread and butr the Tagcblatt continues, in an- quaintance. I like a strong cigar,
LONDON COUNI Y COUNCIL of water for London clear across '	1 ho Crow” Prince of Denmark's re- ter.	nouncing that a further rise in the and the interval after smoking, and
The general government, hswever, | England from the Welsh lakes. At :cont’ v*s*t to England has been an 1 • rated in a nut mill they are price of all kinds of meat is to be before I get back ray full mental and is tho London county council, com-	present London is supplied by	the	enjoyable one,	for he Is on terms of	food <o rorve with any kind of	expected, adds that the lack of pork	physical energy, is as much a part
prising 187 members, of whom nine-	Thames and	lea Rivers, but It	al-	intimacy	with the Prince of	stewed fruit. They are useful medi-	which, in the shape of sausages, has	°f the smoke as is the cigar itself,
teen are aldermen. This council	ready uses	205,000,000 gallons	a	Wales. He possesses considerable	finally, because of their soothing	hitherto constituted the principal	But with persons who have attained
practically governs London. It fixes	da.v, and it	is estimated that	the	! coolness and	personal strength,	and emollient properties. They	meat nourishment of the poorer	their full growth and maturity it is
the taxes and spends the money, and	will	soon be such as to	im-	which he has	shown on more than	should always be blanched in hot	classes, is threatening to become an	nothing in this respect to what it
that right royally, too. Last year Pair the navigation of the Thames. | onp occasion. One day, when the water, the skins being indigestible." additional calamity.	is with growing boys. With them it
its expenses amounted to $80,000,- Birmingham is getting its water beir to the Danish throne was driv-, Good fruits should be chosen, and "But it does not seem to make anv	in addit on to making them
000, or to more than the revenues	bom Wales, and so are other cities, | inff. with the Princess, the bells on	n°t pulpy and fibrous rubbish. These	difference," the paper concludes	lazy, to have a peculiarly benuinb-
of many a state government. The	and London will in all probability	Their horses startled the animals in	fruits should be carefully washed and	"whether the hard.working man is	:ng, befogging effeti upon the mind,
council arranges for the debt of the	bave to do likewise. The water-	another sleigh, which was overturn-	*aten while still fresh, If possible.	being deprived of his meals, as long	"This Is a matter for parents and
city, which now amounts to more	works aro now in the hands of pri-	ed* the occupants becoming entangled	As to The peel, some cannot di-	as the national cattle and porkers	not for teachers, except in such
than $238,000,000. It steps a lit-	vato companies whose gross income	*n their rug;,. The terrified horses	80*t it; but the juice within and	are receiving the necessary pro tec-	schools as include a general supertie deeper into debt every year, and	Inst year amounted to something	bolted and the unfortunate passen-	near the peel is valuable, anrl hence	tion."	vision of the pupils’ conduct out of
it enters upon all sorte ef public Mke $10,000,000, and whose profits &ers were in great danger, but the the peel should be boiled and the	a	school hours in the general course of
improvements, granting franchises were over $5,000,000. The London Grown Prince immediately leaped strained water taken as a drink, or	instructions. Teachers may lecture
and permits for all kinds of under- county council proposes to buy out out of his sleigh, seized the runa- at least added to some dish.	FA CIS AND FIGURES.	boys on the subject until the crack
takings.	These parties and run the	water-	ways, and by sheer physical strength	The fruit cure is probably	the	a false alarm of fire was caused in	of doom	and it will have little or
It is hard to	realize the powers of	works as a city institution.	brought them to a standstill.	pleasantest of all cures. It	has	parjb by a horse knocking Ins ilf»ad	no effect.	I have tried it and tried
E— £^7^*3 —	LKaTarS
at xiTjgf a. %	i	;
in fact, a wholesale and retail real steam engines, of which eight are raade llie aPn#arance the little man i Tommy Atkins, Australia forwarded ily for publishing the substance of iha>e made *P^lal Plea - wiUi boys estate business.	The	tenement build-	river engines to protect the	ship-	took him familiarlv bv the arm and	iTommy Cornstalk, and Canada	des-	a professor's lectures in his articles	who were	briKht and whom I saw
Inge will bring	in	moderate rents	Ping of the Thames.	dragged him over to the man with	Ptttclicd Johnny Canuck. Much	has	without permission.	beginning	to go the old tobacco road
and the city officials will collect THEY HAVE BETTER MAILS. the Imperial "President " he said i becn said re*ardinK th« merits of the Millions of Hindoos live marry j down to the d,mce corner. It may
as « s? f 2	- ¦- ss-rss	z, aa izru
the ground along the Strand, and it jn the United States. I refer to President Roosevelt took the hand C0“1C our wa>- i>e? are, therefore, our money a week. They never cat ,	. .	.	.
g-XLS^r fflfwsi'sr* % vau :i: <sàtstx	-.........Mr ass sr.a«:
London will become the richest cor- can	R |0tler weighing four duced you to me!”	ment.	Order of United Workmen, at its re- contests dors more in a month to
poration on earth.	I ounces to any part of the United I	A story of the war. written by an cert session at Portland, Ore, de- uproot the smoking habit among
Kingdom for a penny or two cents	.	! Australian, Corporal Adams, gives dded that a Spaniard was a "white schoolboys than the lectures of par-
and overweight costs a half psnnv’	r~~	the impressions of • man in the ranks man- withln the meaning of the ents or teachers would do in a
«• PH- “Xrv'- ,hl* % «sr xstJs&=s ,2 ! fa-sr-rj&ms	isriryy srss.*s- I
out for labor. The officers of t i	additional	pound, and the book	Dost	In<*ian papers, causing considerable	; The best, in his Judgment, were the	0f native	and imported plants to	A good story	is told of	Lord
council receive from $4.000 to $10,-	j8 about the aame ^ our8	F	dissatisfaction to the British Indian	Canadians, and next came the New	sc„ flowers	as models of the man-	Charles Beresford	and & young	mid-
000 P®r •vear* The clerk, eng neer rpbe telegraph service is lower than	Government. Since his accession to	Zealanders. Of the Canadians	Mr.	u facturera of embroideries and laces.	| «hlpman, a son of Lady Florence
and architect each gets $10,000; the |n America, The cost of a despatch	The throne he has had but little	Adams speaks in this wise:	"Their	i^ipzig University has had the	iJixi4, and a most cool, up-to-date
assessor $7,o00, and the head nf the to anv t of 0reat Britain and communication with the Viceroy of dashing actions, cool ferocity, quiet good fortune, unusual for German youngster. Amongst other accom-street. car department $5.030.	Ireland is	one cent a word, tho	low-1 India’ Lord Curzon, and has im-, ‘slimness’ and guileless verneukery'	universities,	of receiving a $250,000 i Püshmente young	Dixie managed to
Tlic officers of the city corporation	wt charge	being 12 cents, and	both	Phoned a number of British sub-	of the Boers themselves-and their	bequest from a private individual	run up a big bill	in his mess,	and
are ^ter p&id- lheJec®rt,er'address and signature being paid for. ^T# on suspicion of being spies. He pure hard cheek-rendered them fa-i It VM obtained after a complicated The fact having been brought to has,	PCF^ annum; T*|o Town In th0 roneral pqgtoffice in East ! has a,so raised many obstacles to mous and, fascinating wherever they lawsuit with the University of Vi- Lord Charles’ notice he had the er-
clerk $17,500, and the controller and London there is a telegraph room	tradc ia addition to those Imposed . went ” As an illustration of	the	enna.	ring middy up before him and gave
remembrancer $10, 00 eac i. In a - wbere 500 men are employed rcceiv- 1 his late father, and Is showing	"verneukery' of the Canadians,	an	Th@ most curious cemetery is sit-	him a bit of his mind—and l»rd
dition there are other salaiirs rang- ing an(, ^ding despatches, while	a di*P««Hion generally to have as	incident in which they trapped	the	uated at Luxor, on the Nile. Here	Charles can give it pretty strongly—
ing from $11,000 down.	jn the basement there are four steam |,,tt,e To do as possible with his tricky zarps, or Johannesburg po- repose the mummified bodies of mil- on the subject, ending up by saying:
-engines which supply the pneumatic $reat. neighbor in the east. Id !Boo. by adopting the Boer tactics is yon8 of sacred cat». Their re- "But 1 suppose it's the old story—
D K fK K-I ? « IA	tubes by which the telegrams are for- nddition to the measures taken to ! cited.	mains are aide by side with the Tho fool of the family sent into the
ofLondcm. Ho has a salai y of $50,- j liko the pogtai .ayinss bank ed Tents to be furnished for ninety- The zarps were trying to capture, i	arc quite changed since your day."
000 ft year and his house rent free gvst€m whjch jg ln uae all over six thousand men; and depots of iAfter a desultory engagement the	-$- This rather cheeky, but smart, an-
lie ,lvfa in îhe M*.nsl°" House, qreat Britain so that every little *railn and forage have already been Canadians rose and ostentatiously ;	swer, was so much after Lord
across The way from the Bank of m h jts 8aving9 bank You ^rmed in different parts of the coun- ' retired. They galloped past a ga,p THE MEANING WAS CLEAR. Charles’ own heart and style, that
however, any part of the metropolis	4	affairs of the two remaining indo- countrymen of slippery De Wet were ®on who came yesterday to begin the
except that known as the city or the	GOOD FOR BUSINESS	pendent Mohammedan States of 'caught toy such a ruse, tout we are study of law with me? said the
port that forms the chief commercial	Asia, Afghanistan and Persia, will informed that in this instance it was ; oth«r\
and money-making center. It lies Who Is that benevolent-looking became matters of international con- entirely successful. The Boers ad- "Yea/' ¦ |	a ¦ H
east of the temple and embraces tho man g-ving away marbles to boys?" 'cern.	vanced until at 200 yards the Can- "Weil, I thought he might as well
port, the docK», the custom house. He is a tailor."	I	.	adians opened a deadly and effective | toegin at the bottom of the ladder,
the bank, the exchange and the hun-	suppose he gives them to |	4	fire, before which the supposed vio- : and I told him that when he came
drede of great wholesale establish-	the lads because he is fond of young	i "Well, I never!" exclaimed a short-	tors retired with heavy less and in	'down this morning the first thing
monts, banka and other corporations	folks?"	j sighted old lady who was reading	havoc. Thus they were, in the ver-	, for him to do would be to clear out
whicn make London the financial Oh, no; he dies it because he	I the paper. "When I was young we	nacuiar of the veldt, "vemeuked"	the office. He found half a dozen
center of the world. This is the	known they will w*r out the knees	used to make macaroni into pud-	by the Canadians, for whom, as	(big, strong fellows there waiting to
city proper, and it is a city of the	of tbeL- knickerbockers playing with	dings and cheese, but mow they tele- '	they have subsequently testified, they	on business, but he did it all
dap. It has a population of 800,- jthem/*	I graph with it Instead of wire#** I acquired a wholesome dread.	j rights
Demand for the Abolition of the Duty on Foreign Meats.
OBSERVATIONS OB A SCHOOL
TEACHER.
Says He Could Pick Out Tobacco Users in Any Class of
Boy#.
died thousand1 Handle.
acres
London is rapidly changing. The . 000 and old city is putting off Its old clothes and buying new. Its streets arc being widened, many of the old building# have been torn down, and there Is a fair possibility that tho day 6f the American skyscraper may come, for flats are going up In the fashionable section, writes Frank O. Carpenter.
An army of workmen Is now busy on the Strand. As 1 saw the street ten years ago '.t was so narrow that two omnibuses could hardly pass.
To-day it is being changed into a wide avenue which shall run from Trafalgar Square to Ilolborn, not far from St. Paul's. Where the two streets come together about three acres of buildings are to be torn away, and this space will be leased out by the city for new business

on this sub-BlHlrteA
Those
houses
of my
so
IV
among
THE VERIEST DULLARDS
their classes. Tobacco did
and for choice cuts There was no need to ask the cau
an experience
it.

re-
III
BIO SALARIES.
I have looked somewhat into the matter of salaries here in London.
THE CHEEKY MIDDY
sorts
LONDON'S LORD MAYOR
ALMOST AS BAD.
Educated Egyptian—"You have no
wonderful hieroglyphics in
country, sir; no mysterious inscriptions, no undecipherable tomes of an ancient literature whose secrets thé wise men of the world have tried for ages to discover, and of which they are still as unenlightened concerning the meaning as ever they were Tourist—"No, we haven’t any of these things; but" — brightening up —"we've got owr railway time la**
vour
t 9



###PAGE###8###




During Exhibition Week F
We intend making our store more attractive	I
Stylish Suits
-FOI!-
Stylish People.
E. HODGINS & SON'S ADVT.
than ever by the quality of our goods and the prices asked.
Our Men’s Plough Bal.
LADIES’ JACKETS.
is a surprise to everybody as to quality and price.
That’s the kind wo want—don’t know how to make any other. We’re Experts you know—it's oui Business.
We guarantee to please you— don’t want your money if your’e not thoroughly satisfied.
Something very Stylish
Several Ladies have been critically examining the stocks of short and thin quarter length Coats now on exhibition in Shaw-ville, and they all say that for value and quality, finish and fit, our Goods are really the best.
' Walking Boots, Price away down.
Our Laili

Children’s Goods.
We make a specialty of this line.
Complete range of Moccasins, Gloves and Mitts.
im< I by making lionent guarsntec that the goods •nt will be found to be U half the price.
Our reputation, which va< work for past twelve year-*, i* which eome from our establi<lmu in every way equal to City in uiv
t \
U---

The Boot & Shoe Store
M. STEWART, - Shawville.
A. R. McGUIRE,
*
Î
The Tailor.
i
A Genuine

THE FAVORITE
Dress Goods Reception
October, 1902.
Glove Bargain
e
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
An event of pleasing interest to every lady in Shawville and vicinity in the Fall opening of
T. W. WILSON & CO. of
A few days ago we secured a snap in Ladies’ Kidd Gloves—REAL GOOD KIDD —regular dollar Goods, good colours, all sizes
A Hit; STOCK NOW ON HAND
t
AT
%»

WAINMAN’S.

Artistic Creations
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
For Fall and Winter wear.
There will l>e seen in our store (though small) the daintiest and choicest Goods that Fashion can produce. The charm of Dross Goods does not alone xist in its invariable be oiningness hut also in its extent.
We arc sure we will stand as heretofore above par in the Dress Goods’ Dep t.
Our Price—Sizes, 6 1-4 and 6 1-2—only 50cts.
6 3-4 and 7 8 4—only 75cts.
it

U
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
(
if which we have a variety in stock. .
A full lirçe of Stove Furnishings,
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
E. HODGINS & SON.
Modesty in Price
G. E. WAINMAN, SHAWVILLE.
gant finish of the New exhibition at T. W. . is a pleasure and surprise to every
i. Pleasing to wear and
The graceful swing and
Walking Skirts now on Wilson & Co
lady who tries them surprisingly low priced.
I'
?. S.—Highest pries for Hides and Pelts.

Pr'zj List Centime!.

THE NEW GROCERY
V ft 4 •
Yen-
l bull—Jo* B

' 1.
rn*r i
vc
If
ti
L>
1,
A Pointer
THE PRIZE WINNERS.
I 1
• i I A V v
ob l heifer—K
P. S.—Our Clothing fit to perfection. The rapid sales are proof of the fact. Try us.
T. W. WILSON & GO. I
1 »
i live 1,
-AND -
1>4 11 »
HOB
4>
4 U	lilt V mm
V
!
i %
» ' i
Dm ¦
J J MeViegh 1. A
Span draft hois.
A mm 1, Ge«t H l:< ud L\ David Smith X.
Mare ;
2 year
2 year vld c»»lt
•r
John MeCort
'i
Barber 2, .luhn Can foal if season
other than purebred— es in harness—Joseph
i 11. r
tv I
MEAT SHOP.
ill
I

Bri
»>
e
i in*
lieif lee 2.
.Milch con
f-K Iirowi
Jos Drown-
<>r nn
(Corner Main and Plckanock Sts.>
If you arc engaged in any kind of business you make a mistake if you do not invest a dollar or two with

1 Brownlee 1, Jos Brown-
i (draft) -1 i Stanley 2. i colt—James Sloan 1. Robei : McD >w ell 1,
• m 2, D K
colt Ed thins 1, Simon
1 A till lie
lliram Stanley 1st
i ml {
lee
1 1
*¦ »
Uivl M 11C
Herd of IIoLteins—Jos Brownlee 1.
Haring secured a new and fresh stock of GROCERIES people van rely on getting a good article. Intending buyers would do well to come and inspect our stock.
We also have on hand all kinds of fresh and salt MEATS, also BACON, LABI) and SAUSAGES.
A Call solicited.
Grade Cattle —
Milch cow E Brownlee 1. F F Corrigan 2, Alex Elliott 3.
Two year old heifer—Thos McDowell 1, Alex Armstrong 2.
Yearling heifer—J G McDowell 1, Jos Meredith j Brownlee 2, Alex Armstrong 3.
Heifer calf— 1) McLaren 1, S Burlier 2.
V si» IV tl,
old
JVr gee»#—W A Armitro.ig 1, Mu T I Sugar Beet#—D McLaren 1, A Bean 2 Iteid 2.	Blooi Boats—Jas Wilson 1, W T Bar
p<>frls_	her 2, Jiu Cunningham 3
Light Brahmas—Mrs T ll.-id 1.	Turnip Beets—Jas Cunningham 1, 11
Pr Hamburg»—Dr Alexander 1, chick T McDowo l 2, W H Corrigan 3. ens—Dr Alexander 1.	Mongolie long—(ieergeGraham 1, J G
White Leghorn chickens—John A Ben- j McDowell 2. F F C »rrigan 3.
Grade Sheep-	nick 1. W A Armstrmg 2.	j Mangolds ahort-J G McDowtli 1, W
Two ewe lambs—Robt McDowell 1, K Pr Brown Leghorns—W A Armstrong C Hod g ini 2, A Bean 3.
Brownlee 2. W A Armstrong 3.	1, W H C . rrigan 2. Chickens-W A Multi|lying Otons—W A Armstrong
Two ewes (1 shear) - K Brownlee 1, W Armstrong 1, II T McDjwell 2, John A 1. Seed Onions—John Young 1, G Tel-G McDowell 2,	W	A	Armstrong 3.	Rennick 3.	*** 2, \N T Barber 3. Top Onions—Jas
Two	ewes —W	G	McDowell 1 Ed Pr Plymouth Kicks—Jas Wilmn 1, J Hodgius 1, A1 x Bean 2. Top en un»
Brownlee 2. W A Armstrong 3.	’ L Shaw 2, W A Armstrong 3. Chickens	(long)-A Bean 1.
Leictwtershirn	—Dr Alexander 1,	M McLellan 2, Jas L	Orange Carrots—W T Barber 1, Harry
Leicestershire—	8haw 3<	McDowell 2. A Bean 3. Btlgian Carrots
Pr White Rocks—J LShaw 1.	(long) —W T Bather 1, Harry McDowell
Pr Black Polands—J J Turner 1.	2. Belgian C-rrots (short) -A Bean 1,
Pair Ducks (other than Aylesbury)— J A Rennick 2, Jas Wilson 3.
Geu Graham 1, H	Tubby 2, II T Me-	Turnips Swwlo (purple t>p) Thomas
Dowell 3.	McDowell 1, W C IJodgins 2, W II Cor-
Pr Guinea Fowl-Thoi Armstrong 1, | rigan 3.	.	-n.MT
Wm Little 2, John Greensh elds 3.	Ox-heart Cabbage—Jas Cunningham 1, | WE PRINT
Pr Buff Cochins-Alfred Elliott 1.	• James Wilson 2. Flat Dutch Cabbage—
Pr silver laced Wyandottes—George W A Armstrong 1, James Wilsin 2, Jag G . ham 1.	Cunningham 3. Drumhead Cabbage—W
Pr Wh te Wyandottes—Dr Alexander 1. A Armât rung 1, Jas Wilson 2.
Pr Colored Dorking Chickens- Dr D Specimen Grapes—M LsRoy 1, J G B Alexander 1.	Armstrong °
Pr Black M norcas—J M Hudgins 1. Display of Potatoes—Jas Hudgins 1,
Chickens—J M Hudgins 2.	A Bean 2, L A Smart 3.
Pr Langshans—N McLellan 1.	Di»play of Auples -W A Armstrong 1,
Bast pr Table Fowls—Jas L Shaw 1, J G Arms'rong, 2, H T McDowell 3.
W A Armstrong 2, Dr A exsuder 3.	Difp'ay of Tomatoes—W A Armstrong
Best 12 Fatted Chicks-Dr Alexander 1.
1, W A Armstrong 2.	Largest Squash—Jus Cunningham 1,
H T McDowell 2.
Largest Pumpkin—Mr*. H Matheaon
Fall Wheat- L Weigandt 1, Gilbert 1, W G McDowell 2, H T McDowell 3.
lelrer 2, L. Cuthbertson 3. Bearded cheese, bread, îirrrER, etc. I NX heat—Nelson McLellan 1. W A Arm- „ .	«. z .	.. r, r „
5555.
îïïtft '•L w* .ga=w*s
,5 s=r % wpais ft=sr x»-?h
White Beans—Gilbert TelRr 1, L A 3,B	. ..	. T „ „ „	. , Municipality of Shawvllle.
Small 2. J G Armstrong 3.	I n u? a* i /?	b ' as hu,for" l>, Public Notice ia hereby given by the mi I The ludcrsigned offers to rent hi* Farm
U ~.!h t m,H t By,ifw*»• "îo Wte. .i.»—h Mocrwiie i, sssg	Sv&
see-	........
Stallioii (general use) 3 years and up—
Thos. Sally 1, John Joyce 2.
Span horses in harness—Jos 1, Emerson Mooney 2, J G Armstrong 3 Mare and foal Win Horner 1, Frank McKee 2, Geo. Bailey 3.
Two year old colt—John Storey 1,
August Rose 2, J L Shaw 3.
Year old cult -Frank McKee 1, Geo Graham 2. John Caldwell 3.
Foal of Season—Alex Bean 1, Wesley Jlodgins 2, Frank McKee 3
Carriage or Roadsters —
gSBtS ÎE d"55EEisEr
n n k * n- TTiivu	Shropshire»—
S,™1	Ï ALt„mg j!i’.......6».-
1, (i r Hufe.n 2, 0 o F.ltodJ	ï«rold ™,-(Tb,...rd ... m.d.
... «...........................-....
A w 4'r;	...—*—
Y ear old colt-James * ulford 1, Il J Tff0 ewe -K Brownlee 1.
YViaon 2feam Horner 3	....	Two ewes—John Stewart 1, E Brawn-
K^l of aeaaon-A Smiley 1, Hugh | lee 2> Joa Brownlee 3.
McCredie 2, Jas Wikon J.	Two ewes (1 shear)-E Brownlee 1,
Single carriage horse - C C#ildwell 1, Jos Brownlee 2.
L A Smart 2, A G Mulligan 3.	Pen of sheep —E Brownlee 1.
Single rendster horse—Robt McDowell 1, Fred Thomas 2.	1 x,UI,1U0*n-
Saddle horse—Dr Alexander 1, James Graham 2, Ed. Moore 3.
H H E F. V .
H. A. HODGINS.

The Printer
i
Deer and IVJoose.
••
to show people what you are doing.
All well din and it in the*
posed persona are expected, ¦¦¦ WÊ ir duty, to aH*ist the Game Warden in protecting the deer and moose during close season.
Many are humanely doing so now, but more could and should do it out of kindness to those harmless and beautiful animals. All that is necessary is to drop a line saving when and where the deer or moose were hunted, molested or killed, and by whom, and if by more than one person, give the names of all.
It is better but not necessary, that yon should give your name, unless you wish to he paid for your trouble.
All correspondence strictly private and confidential. Address,
N. McCVAIG, Provincial Game Warden.
P. S. —Article 1403a of the Game Laws, important to whom It luay concent, reads as follows z
“ No person owning, having or harboring any dog accustomed to hunt and pursue deer shall allow such dog to run at large, hunt or course in any place inhabited by deer, between the first day of No vcniher of one year and the twentieth of October of the following year, under penalty of a fine of at least $5.00 and not cx-_	——	I ceeding $23.00.
f I 'TIT? R niTTTV Any ?.n£ ,UAT’ "Rbout incurring any A ** & JCi U III# j responsibility. Kill any such dog found
¦¦¦¦¦¦HlniDiiiiig nt	or coaming in
such locality between the above mentioned dates.—1 Ed. VII, C. 12. e. 4.


Envelopes. Letter Heads, Bill Heads, Statements,
Cards, &c.
at moderate cost and do the work well. Try a sample order.


Aged ram—J G Armstrong 1, Thus McDowell 2.	,
Year old ram—W 0 McDowell J.
Ram lamb and 2 eve lambs—J G Armstrong 1.
GRAIN AND SEEDS.
CATTLE.
Registered Durham—
Two year old bull—Thos McDowell 1. Bull calf—Thos McDowell 1.
Two yv dd heifvr—Ed Brownlee 1, Thrw McDowell 2.
Yearling heifer—Thos McDowell 1, Ed Brownlee 2.
Heifer calf—K Brownlee 1, Jos Brown lee 2, Thos McDowell 3.
Milch cow—K Brownlee 1, T McDow-

8 W IK E.
Berkshire—
Aged boar—Alex Bean 1, S mon Bar l»er 2. Aged sow—Wesley Hodgina 1, D McLaren 2. Sow of season—Simon j Barber 1, Wesley Ilodgins 2, Alex Bean 13. Boar of season—E Brownlee 1, Simon Barber 2.
Yorkshire—
Aged boar—Well Smart 1, Jas Arin-
»tr. i;g 2. Aged mow—A Meldrum 1,
Ayrshire»—	I Boar of scSsnn—E Brownlvo 1, S Barber
1 bree yew old bull—John Caldwell 1, 2, W Smart 3. Sow of season—Ed (lain Jas Armstrong 2	1, P ¥ Mousseau 2, W Smart 3.
Two year old bull—Ed Cain I, Geerge Chester White —
R Walsh 2.
Year old bull—S Barber 1.

ell 2.
Public Notice.
Herd of Durham»- Thus McDowell 1.
Farm to fient.











