###PAGE###1###
\7*


w
»
•'v r
4

Voi. XVI, No. UK
SHAWVJLLE, t’o. PONTIAC,

I' Q., Tin IÎSDAY, MARCH 1(1,
t’louV? y"U tn0<) Ul,wd’e “ U'gh Loaf -Fimi-ii. AtShnwvillcmTuoHday March
!	’ " L and Mr*. 8. A. Mnckiiy, n
woHi	>	¦¦ ¦ « ¦¦ j
I >91»
I


n a nmr
THE EQUITY ”
BANK OF OTTAWA
Are you using Dowd's Flour ?
Making suits to your order in something wel,k«-	(i. F. Hoduins.
Ih issued from the office of Publication, Hhawville every Thursday.
Subscription, $1.1 HI per Annum.
F< HOOL No.11 FOr FkBBVABY.
.....
w n‘ W“llilCH; 2' R*e Wil».,n and Willie
,h VC,/T"I;) 4' Ire,,B w»II»cp; f,, Her-
a 52^?^
'‘-"¦"i MuSi.'/a, é;„“	*¦
Grade IV.
HeadOfUrc	I nnada,
Capital (fully paid up) . «1,500,000 00 Rest . .
f
»
............«1.170,00000
Board of Directors :
PARKMAtT
An
ae-uitmeiit of Baby Cernâtes w on hand at Cuthhcrun,,, & Graham's
T ho adhérente of thu II i din van movement arojikely to build a church at or
nour ltadford.
Advertising rat< e made known on appltca-Sion.
Correspondence of local I nterest solicited from all part* of the country.
Hlrtb, .Marriage and Death Notices Inserted free ; but obituary line*, or "poetry’1 will be charged at the rate of Scents per line money to accompany the manuscript In every
case.
Cm ABLE» Maoeb, Ekq., President. Gkokok Hay, esq.,Vice President.
Ho*. G so, IIryhon. Jr.
Alkx. Fraser, Kh«j ,
Mr. flfnsrt of thi* pino«‘, who h'is been confined to the house ho ion* with a More h g. if-, we are glad to say, able to go siound
d((H 1 0#
Mrs. Hinart, sr,. anil Mrs. Sinclair, who wit* vl*|ilug friends In Renfrew, have returned home.
Deem, Gloom. Sow Black and fancy I lu.tVeeli; ' l“rk<‘ Vl"lllng Mf-ndi here 11 fvHM giuxlH juat received. See our stock 'Jf Wellington Smart spent laat Sunday ,	Xt ^
k.furc buying.	J. H. Shaw.	«r a.... L ^	WkW
with 8"t,pur included uf their I,algo room LerTe	.......«''.I- O- I o’. A,, Jeud<J an<lllM M- Mulaiary, , quel
There w,^ a kw''%!mhZ%nd'"%ll |	j 4’	U ¦' VnnïV"' U?h. il!, Î-
the eurroumlmg country. They have ,,	,,	8'ias Sun, mile, 2. Not absent dui'iné
procured teinjM,nu7 storage room in the I UEîm.gMRN - Coihe in and have a chat month—L. M. Judd, M. M Me Lear v exhibition hall.	I about Ready-made Huit» or Waterproof | Lena M Judd
Ireland and Srf Pathuk " will 1, ' ^	F HoD°,N"
tlif subject of a lecture by Rev. Mr.
Warrington %t ! hyson on Friday evening,
March 17th. The lecture will be illustrated by a line collection of Irish view n.
Proceeds in aid of St. James’ Chuach.
Xdmission 2octe. Children under 12 v 10 cts.	J
John Mstiikk, Ksy UAVir MalLarkn, F-q
Dennis Murphy. E*y
Mabel Armstrong, Teacher.
GEORGE BURN, . D. M. K1NNIF, .
limerai Manager Manager
9 •
• •
1
À GENERAL RANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
J. A. COW Ay, PubliAer. | ,„i!	“J.Ï	th*
Notes and Rills collected.
Interest allowed oil Deposit Receipt at current
ratal.
DR. STACKHOUSE, Sr.
HMtCiliON DBWTI^T.	I Hume of #1 and upward* received ij Savfnpt
Will hereafter he hi Hull first four «lays of Parl,,iCUt* Interest credited half yearly.
:?%&. 25*per*cent1 "reducUoa*wl f “b«	ol”""	»'	»<¦ - «-tun,.,   
mad.* to pay their railway fare.	1 P‘
Office—opposite the Tost Office,
HULL
l*e«
MEBiABE' BAM
QUE.
WM. GAMBLE,
Svhib M. Smii.rt.
« 4
BARRISTER, &o.,
159 Main Street, . . .
OP CANADA.
U T CENTRE
. . H I LL,
Gent lumen
A mild thunderstorm visited our section I t**S| ,U‘W ^nes JUHt ,n-•>u Sun-lav ev* ntng
truest Shock baa returned homo from A Mend CutkbrrLon <V Graham’» sale
To^Srlnr/h- wteier'Wb.^teTw I "f F,,rni,urB dutin« tf“> 2 *ak, Lumber and salt Co.	\r , ..
Messrs. Chris and Charlie Shock have re- Mi** Annie McRae ik in Ottawa this
a	o7.'t'he'couTonite.0	tbc	”I,cn‘
Mr. John lloilgln* and son. of Shaw ville, » *
Hpent Saturday and Sunday at Mr. K. Holt's.
MIhh O. Johnston ol Hull, 1h the g «est ni Mrn. Johnston, at Thorne Centre.
understand that our worthy P. L. H , a | °i rtiorne Centre 1* about t#» dispose of hi* mica property, on the Gatineau, to Mr. Waiters, of Ottawa.
Mr. Harry Abbott, of the firm of McGinn
, Ahoott, .vszuahazua, spent Tuesday In • lie vtlinge.
\v!irXy Jt’,' Kv„n«l7W I
MHout I I years of age, son of Mr. Will- n,‘* 1 hlH *eport be true we wish them iam Kennedy <,f Aldfivld, had his lower lip 1	Kiddlestickh.
completely bitten off by a horse. The accident, if it may be ho called, occurred at Mr. Wm. A. Hudgins’, a re
lafcive of the boy, where the latter hud ,
only been since Monday previous. At	MAPLE RIDGE.	F
little Mi«k -,f big furnituie etlittio”	K Jnnwl.	tLm T	7 A "timber of our brriuurs th '' d“f ,lf *•'&', TW.
tear.tsfitet t sr te.WSKi* G“ zTote&k	0...
when the first animal snapped, catching The two gentlemen who were in this Hy"ta. Art,lur Smi!,^ and Oeo M. Dm-him hy the lower lip, tearing it with part '‘T”"'"	"«'k buy,.,,, cattle, pincha. alda,,“- . .	_ „ „
a .	...	I We learn since the above was put m "f ™ch cheek complete y off and laying d ,h'.r,y htad "	1ua"y J*"™ 7 c?^,cRae a,ld seconded
S. A. MACKAY, B.CL ype that yo ng Kennedy was taken to the jaw hone bare.	8 -d drove them to An,prior for ship- by c ,u»- CorfWThat minutes of last
iiüS5i|S£;^;i;jiSiiitepgi=i|iiis
WÊÊ	¦¦¦¦	J H. Shaw. 1	^	who rvftlse<l Uf ^ pr»»vmg.	Moved by cun Smiley and seconded
..—,r teza&’ctezrz,I-k~ ¦ biKf^r" **147,“'=
saissp* —èSx,	sisës:
. ° .	^ uthbertson & Graham for bar- for the celebration of St.	Patrick’s Day	J<)Mn A*	thlH B ,Hrti will not hold itmdf responsible
gams in furniture	Their stock will be on a grand scale have assumed shape and Buy your Bari) wire Now, before fur-	fur ,u,y	damages that may	result	fi
round JNo Une, and at prices away below form. The programme is aa follows ther advance. 4 and (i point. Price lhc fencing not having been so performed, wm nu	11	'vt advertised,—without a High Mass will commence in Vinton right.	G. F. Hodoinh. —Carried.
itllMAIM I I I IOIT	guess.	Church at ten o’clock in the forenoon	_*__ Moved by coun. Donaldson and
“N®***
te, srite te 5r. strsw- z	"• *•	i >-¦ » T~ =.«-	—
6	“stets -...........«Nr* < "a
! ! Richardson’s on March 17lh. Shooting general invitation is extended to all to he „ ' J ,?	.'d, u w ,CrS'o
'	z... »
fee, 60cts including simper te thoae who Blouse and Wrappers are now open for Pra.peL* 2’ f "^*‘l Dr‘per; 3' GrürX° compete. By order of îonmnttee	| inaction.	O. F. Honours. | Steele: 4, Minnie W.l«.n
Sue our shirt s, col liars and
J. H. Shaw.
At Hhawvllle, second and fourth Thursday f!A PITA I
of each month.	1
Office-over O. F. Hodgtne» Store, Main Ht.
- $6,000,000.
RESERVE FUND, - 2.600,000.1'
ears,
Head Office, • Montreal.
Court Shawville,
No %16.
C'mËj
\Nu have received copies of a most ar-ti.stic little folder issued by the Ottawa & Gatineau \ alley Railway Company, deal scriptive in brief of the attractions which Farmers notes bought and collected.	a,>uun<* in the Gatineau valley for the
Money transferred to nil parts of the world. I	11 ,iU(*	-indicative of J
" I region of pure air, unsurpassed scenery, splendid hunting and fishing, and easy of
* access.

SIIAHllLIK BRANCH,
m
Meet* the 4th Wednes Jay of every mouth.
Court dues must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visit I iig brethren cordially invited.
Money'lotoeri on approved security reasonable rates.
Saf.e. Tin* stock and effects of the late Janies A. Armstrong of Radford, are to be disposed of by public sale, at his late residence, by H. Hobbs, on Satur-fbiy March 25th. See posters for particulars.
Mrs. C. Met

L.B.C.

• ••
HA VINOS HANK.
H 8. Barnett, F H 11 arm and” up wards* nïï I n i e' res r 1*1 lowrT
Hugh Hobbs, c. r.
J. A. Cowan, K H.
Office Hours . Saturdays . .
•	10 A. M. T<) 3 F.M.
.	10 A M. TO 1 R M
F. A. PA RK Fit.
Mh nager.
agg is in Ottawa attending the spring millinery openings this week,, and will 1*> home in a few days with thç latest New York and Paris styles in and miÿinery goods.
Dr. J. E. TAGDART. L. D. S., D.D.S

Garden and Field seeds fresh clean.
! OTTAWA
Sjwclal attention given to appointments made by mail.
and
G. F. Hoik.inc
ïoctil iind (&mmL
ShawviUe Council
r,ufici
L held on Monv
Pre*
<mn.
Geo.
BOURBEAli RAINVILLE, L. L, t
I
ADVOCATE . . tiHYSON
The Ktyiniiiid Sewing Machine « cpials
-¦*" w„»„. I K,1K	* *• ».....
}
*
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
- hull que.

Action

t
72 MAIN ST.

rate-
Will attend Huperlor > nd Circuit Court at I g Bryson, also other Courts In Pontiac pie- I h trlct when required.
/
res-
JfAS. IIGVE & Co.

EEESSHSS
«mi

evc-
on
«
!
m9
Wrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress,

PONTIAC HO


m

>




Shawville Produce Quotations.
Primer II
o
I
< hit# pea*
Buckwheat........
Rye.............
Etfge, (fresh,).... Wool.............
Rutter...........
Pork per 100, drcssvd
B uf...

---- 00 U.
( % in 05
.... 38to 40 ...	37 to 40
«91BE

I

• ••••••«
*###*#*#*##
• • •
I
F. R 88, Teacher.
12
The families of Mr. Thomas Premier gast of Radford and Mr. Themes Fie let er, who lives about 11 miles Ir. m the vil
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.	j SS i'^-rZ ''“ÛTX£.
C. Caldwell,.Proprietor	children were seriously affected
This boieii win ue lound lulii Miutnreo	Gie disease, hut their case» were
Mûrîtes1
eonDte<slJ?n,r -,	, ..	,	danger on Friday. The other cases were
Ladies andgents blocks kepi ;Ci Mr# also reported favorable.
,
STEELE LINE
... Iti to 18
.... 14 to 15
4 to 6 00 ......00 to 4 60
.. » • » • •* ,v	to 7 00
.... i 6	60
6 60 to <. 00
N >41> to 75 r." 7 to 8c. ... 5 to 64c. .... 5 to 6c, .... 6 t© 7c.

Quite n numher of •* e n. mille* n round bar# I	P ScHnoL No. Thorn* Centre
hHve been fuIT ring fiom ia gr|pp«.,	(# nnle V. — 1. Maty M<\N «lly.
The Or«nc. nvn are busy haul.ug the lum- IV.—1, Mary Smiih ; 2. Clara McNallv :
"WTKti' « few „.y. or & H.vry McCl.ary; 4. B. McN.h,; 5. I Hey per ton. v* e« k vUlfli.g nl« i.tis In Ottawa.	I E. Da huis. Grade 11.—1, R. Gran’ ; *2 Galrskine..
S..........
Torkrys ... ,
An Geese....
Y	Chickens ..
V	Ducks
t
Grade
• #
• • •
••• *##»*####*#«

• • • •••• •
*
• • • • •
Ml»* Jennie Cr» g re urneJ from Ottawa 3, C. Martin; 4, V. Smith, on Saturday.
A number of I ho > cung men are home from the wood».
Grade 1
%
t N. Seaman, Teacher.
• • •
1, Bertie Grant.
t

x.
##*##$######
• es
u
i • • l


f «4
#>








-










###PAGE###2###


POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
King went directly down into <41 *4'" trouble, and the Queen ini id from her privy purse for (he illumination of the Coliseum, both externally end internal ly, successively, with Bengal lights.
* 1 iigheiita, the l earl. I tie Neapoli- The admission to the Palatine Hill or
ins call her the Queen of Pearls. The within the limits set apart was a Jueen is very fond of Naples, and it ,ile ««jd a half, and this m<mey
'a ,h" f,lv,,rit'' ci|y "f tlle •*I*rinoe of "ell '“hat*wasVsUtaele'simply un-Naples,’ her only son, and only child, Imaginable. But the bats did not like tor he was born there, writes Mrs. the light.
Maria Elsie Lander, of Toronto.	I During our stay in Naples, her Ma-
' .................... ..«ml..! ;i'K, SSÜirîSiÆ.^
•fthe Queen,given me by herself, with I Cnpodimonte, which is seated on high her tiold, truly royal autograph be- land, some two miles above the city, neath, hangs before me, recalling many ,n<* ^ h« drive is ill th" w ay up lull
l.nghi memories of sunny, flower-1 b,,, whpr„t was rpceive,| by the «mi crowned Italy. Margherita is the bon- able Mistress of the Holies, the Mar :ue crowned head of Europe. The chloness di Villaniarina, who conduct-Mio-	crowning beauty of Empress Eugenie	V'1 m" ,0 ih'i "<Mt!inin,lf hiUiard n.om,
°r , rallce la htxr "uvely head and its	Umnrina, whom we met at the Quiri
wonderful |h>bh on a queenly bust— j nal, was associated with Garibaldi ini Every time a man looks at his neigh that once bright head, now, alas, bow-	the struggle which resulted in placing | |MI|. S fliu|ts he	uses a magnifying glass
ed down with grief; that of the ;ioor	In the	The mure a	gas jet blows the less
Intnxluoe new bkx)d	among	the	poul-	i mpress Elizabeth of Austria was the	j billiard-room Lings the portrait of	lright. ^ ftffon,s‘ Sume mvu reMomhU
.try once a year.	finest head of auburn hair in Europe,	! Napoleon the Great, who loved this	tr|S H
The horse is man's invaluable help- Giv« lime for growth	of lions	and for	sweeping down to her feet-in full	•>Mlac<’- The Italians have s capital	A small boy	is always very Industrl-
er, has as much right to be happy at eggshell material.	dress i„ court, Elizabeth always went pU" "" hi*	Hnn"l*rte:-	'xh,'n U 18 ",,M' for hlm to gl* lc
SE •“—-1 “iteH" - ,rol ™ "" ‘t - -,r *****	i MS?JVSIUS1
<fttn st mu,ales > g*	eyes; but Margherita is the incarnation The French are all thieves,
tiMLhe ^îîe°fivo^y‘eais^idd ^ **** of	grace and a great sympathy. I Not all, but buona |wu tiv-the lies! part. | it
and !lTZa^ul^ml%als^ ^ ,0™ ^TumLity, whTch raTai^i from I
her person and lends to her
way ip to show them, by example, that they are wrong.
For u young infvu it La n icrious niis-lakt tv begin with anything but the best. It is not necessary to spend a larger extra sum for animals of higli culture
and fat iy y pedigree, because they it re not always the best for his purpose. The best for him is the sort that, un der good care, will turn the grass on his pasture fields, the grain and hay grown on his farm ami labor expended m caring for it into the most money.
Pure-bred stoex is p eutiful enough now that anyone may make u start in ihr nghi direction, and once i he shirt is made there is nothing to prevent any man from cl.tubing up the ladder of success in bui ding up a herd that ,s better than th stock at aprioc that makes I lie one paid in the oj>eu market look small, cess of this kind is a work of time it can tk» attained ; unless pure- bred stock is used it is mijKkssihle.
The Queen of Italy
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
The century plant le a ease of age
before beauty.
If a cat has nine lives we should
redit a kit-ten.
Some addle paled lovers sue and sigh, then suicide.
It Home times happens that a divorce is the part of wisdom.
The tanner pays more attention to the hark i h in to the bite.
Gratitude is too often but a fervid expectation of favors to come.
Beauty is but skin deep, so it is on an equal footing with freckles.
Men may be bribed, but you can't induce women to take " hush money.M
The papeihanger finds business good when it drives hnn to the wall.
A single epigram may outlive a volume of machine made philosophy.
<
FAREWELL TO THE FAUM.
The conch is at the door at last;
The eeger children mounting fast, And kissing hands, in chorus slug ; Gx>d bye, good-bye, to everything I
To house and garden, field and lawn, The meadow gates we swung upon,
To pump and stable, tree and swing, Good-bye, good-bye, to everything 1
And fare you well forever more,
U ladder at the hayloft door,
O hayloft where the cobwebs cling; Good-bye, good-bye, to every thing !
for Mich
iveing»
Crack goes the whip, and off we go;
1 he trees and hou es smaller grow; Lust, round the woody turn we swing Good-bye, good-bye, to everything 1
—Robert Louis Stevenson
but
VOVLTRY NOILS
DRIVERS REMEMBER THAT

All mon are burn ignorant and lots f them never succeed in outgrowing
A driver should be his horse's best friend uud should study his corn fort.
The windows command ravishing
Every man can see where there is room for a lot of improvement in othvt men.	i
Ownership bestows no right to abuse or distress.
I Naples, it is useless to apply any ndjec-manner tive, for nothing suits, the opposite expression something dis- | shores. Vesuvius tinotly inimitable, and she ately fond of children and delights to gather them about her.
,.	.	, ,	. If the htvns show an inclination to
It is everybody a business to inter- pull teathuis, feed them salt pork.
fcre with cruelty.	It k esaimtiul lhat confine,, fowls be
it is hotter to direct your horse by | supplied with plenty of gravel
a low voice than by whip
whip is but little our best horsemen and
A big head doesn’t always prevent a man from coining out at the liitie end of the morn
In or 1er to mount tho ladder of fame an orator must win round after round of applause.
and facial
his awful isolation, rising against the blue heavens, with that dense column of smoke at night a lurid flame breakfast in the park, and was still From whatever standpoint you ro-1 there, and the Marchioness and I chat-gar d the Queen, she is a brilliant per l<4<1 of many things She remarkedI It is foolish to attempt the cultiva- —- —	isur	y°m
fluently, and 1 remember at our first Then the Duchess of Pallavicini presentation at court in the Quirinal I in» il most kind, motherly ikm sou, much
•* *—-.«-«• - «* i isre&'RStt
naUve tongue-that is when she spoke Finally, the doors of the private draw-—except the new Ambassador of Ja- | ing-room o|H*ned, and 1 was led to the pan and the Ambassadress, who, by the way, appeared for the first time in European costume, whom she addressed in French.
is passion-
i
The Queen had
Intelligent uianagt ment and feeding used by I are as necessary with chickens as with never sever- other stock.
or rein
The
ely
Horses need three square meals a day—as much as you do.
You can a horse food.
cauit
Revenge may he sweet at first, but it gradually acquires a fl ivor that is anything but agreeable.
Adam had th* earth at one time. His experience should be a warning to tlp>se people who want it now.
A cynic is a man who pretends to be tir *d of the world, but in reality he i# l man of whom th* world is tired.
WHAT PLUCK DID.
got no more power from than
you give him in his
With nn
An KnglMimnii*» Experience
Egyptian Viol».
The pennywise jmiicy is t h h\ n applied to dumb animals,
to omit the noon feeding is cruel
und impolitic—lietiei
meanest
It is the bull log fearlessness and tenacity uf an Englishman that makes him a conqueror even when he faces a mob of barbarians. After the bum*
Queen, and we were left alone. Seated near her, our con vers t ion was long and varied. How radiant Margin rita was tii it bright June morning, in soft grey silk—she is very fund of grey— and pearls, the beautiful soul looking out through that lovely pair of Mediterranean-purple blue eyes. Meanwhile,
Sgambati, the composer and pianist of Home, a favorite pupil of the great
Liszt, was waiting in the billiard-room ,	...	.	,,	. ..
to give the vu,Til „ music lesson. I h"ro ,m,i the,e l,y ."«Umtion hear Margherita’s soft, rich, musical i affectation of possessing knowledge
voice in fancy, and see her radiant which is really wanting is one of t lie countenance, as she talked or listened for many questions I hid to answer. I
omit your own
1 ho man w ho robs his horse w ill rob his customer.
Yelling and jerking the bit confuse | bard incut of Alexandria by the Eng
ft h tree and advertise a blockhead
Kicking or beating a horae is barbar-I trooPs out, the city was looted by
inis, hilly and inexcusable.	I thieves and cutthroats. Three or four
You should treat your horse as you hundred bluejackets were landed, win would be treated were you a horse.
Any tool can iu u a team, but a xx ise 1 , driver maintains its value.	'
To whip a burse, instead of his drix er, for
take.
Thv best drivers talk much to their animals.
Mnrghvrita plays the piano and faï» ftftd possesses a sweet voice, frequent ly accompanying herself. And she ¦sa xx liter of taste and brilliancy, greatly appreciated by her own people. The Queen is familiar with all poets
AFFECTED MANNERS
gui
lull licet hid driven the Egyptian
few ]>erwma are affected through and through, and can do nothing naturally, munit of us are caught
The
While n
topped the outrages by arresting vv-ry person fourni with plunder in his
the great
and it is her favorite pastime, xx lien her maid has prepared her for On arrest a person was tried by | the night’s reiwse, to wrap herself in drumhead court-martial, and the sen
possession
commonest fo-ins of the failing you suppose that half the people who talk enthusiastically about music understand or lovo it i It is the same with art and its fashions.
Do
cusset loess
‘s a great mis
a warm garment, if it in winter, and I JUSTUS1 F*
gracious
. .	.	_ may not repeat, and
before lying down to sleep to translate | waving of stately trees, the drip-
piog of a fountain i perfume of rarest flowers mingled with this happy
H.|"it	drtV.‘ StZ:
r, not requiring so much sleep as most P«nion of the up and the down. On
tence, .‘hooting or flogging, was exe
An Engl Mi
uted without delay
in ode from Horace
man, Mr. IIuline Beaman, who assisted I Virgil or some other ancient classic in punishing the robbers, describes in his book, ” Twenty Years in the Near L
East,’ a dangerous experience from people, is out for a morning walk with I my WA>' up, new and broader beauties Your horse needs water oftener thin I wllith he enabled to emerge by one of her ladies at the taking down	co“8,anf|y into sight ns I mount-
,ou^1Weiaa,	after	«upper.	coo., fearless, bulldog pluck.	of the shutters, frequent., making „i-
iuckt-is.	biters	and	baikers are na- He had been detailed to superintend	fling purchases, and many a stranger | Hut the thought, tlm mind
uru lesu ts o ubiise.	j the flogging if two prisoners and the meeting the graceful figure in the tlle8e f
xvorlfaDdy °r mUl,J> 1011(1 doubles the .hooting of a third, the sentence to be streets of Rome at that early hour lit- „	,h;î ,lo8e "liât memory had
carried out at their native village, a	tie imagine that he is face to face
nest of thieves. There were ten thou-	with the august mistress of Italy. The
sand of the riffraf looking on. Five	Queen is such an untiring pedestrian,
policemen. Egyptians, and three Eng-1 like poor Elizabeth of Austria, that she	_
Never strike or hurt a baiker. Stuff I U^hmen represented laxv and order, finds it very difficult to choose from Vnunnimii In vented it One Hundred and tivate a direct, blurting form of doth in his ears or hold up his foot 1 he prisoner, sentenced to be shot, for among her ladies any who can bear the	Filly Wear» Ago.	speech, which is supposed to imply
und tinker with it fully three minutes a murder, was fitted into a shallow fatigues of her mountain tours. When If further proof were needed of the truthfulness and thoroughness T Yet Divert his attention and do it kindly, grave, and the i>u l icemen fired a vol- in Home, Humbert and Marghérita oc- dictum that " there is no new th nir m 'n "b(>, st>vak in	way are not
than fouTJèk»1'1	* bhoe	amid tbe execrations lt“' | <U‘*> the	«nee the pal- un.ler the mm," it haa been «applied
Horses som»tim*	"t	)	'	i •	Only Mr. Beaman and the Egyptian	ace of the Popes, and are the worst	by an article in the Revue Scientifique,	of conversation. There is an	affecta-
do	and	should	b^faxored'^" ** >OU ufficer commanding the police under-	j housed there of all the sovereigns of	which traces the invention of the auto-	'it,n ot honesty, which may be	a cloak
-sv-sr- - - - -	~	m	t::- swaSH
Illinders are uselesa and injurious. Ashmen to get a\va>, while >et theie ^	^	4 «iurai decorations' mil the oran(ium recently brought to light, it pven more inexhaustible affectation of
WsSias | E=£EEH5 mmms
The fWmmr exasnerated th- crowd	at the «udden transition from darkness	008 carriage that ran without the aid	do not really entertain any	of th*
•ilreadv excited bv the execution and	lo tlle splendors of light. In the King's	of a horse or any visible means of pro-	sent intents which their bearing	and de
alieady excited by (be execution, and | aU(lienC6 chamber, Margherita’s chair	pulsion	meanor represent
has its own place by the table, und	Tl	.	,	_ ,	v	m*‘n "ho cultivate	a fascinating d«Ii-
every afternoon from 5 to ü o’clock,	1I)erHOns	took	their	seats	in	the	racy and fineness,	a shrinking	timid-
the Queen has her hour’s tete-a-tete	vehicle,	which	seems	to	have	been	as	4y, nn appealing	innocence t	It is
¦¦¦P*
Everything about the stable and Mendl^ The fa^ést 'signs of' wea£ 1	(invmg lugether*
dairy house mu t be scrupulously clean, ening would have turnecLA.i t mob infor every particle of dust or feed that I to furious wolves. falls into the milk will introduce d sirable bacteria. These will crowd out the des'rable bacteria, or those that produce the best flavors, and the butter will n t be marketable. Surround the cream in the daily house with thoe
or a bit from
Youi should praise your horse and fcive him apples, candy, etc.,—often.
not clip a horse and on yourself
A run on a particular set of bonks is, to a large extent, a similar pre-ti ryw. Many readers will say honestly what they have thought as they read, but a very large number will wait on public opinion—and follow into paths they would never tread of th, ir own free will.
As to afft dations of manner, is there
put an overlake your own
Coat
medicine
i
what of
A raise of on y one foot in ten dou bles the draft-
Balking is caused by abuse, overload mg or tight harness.
not a tendency in some quarters to regard gruf/neas as a sort of virtue, to think that plainness and bluntn«*ss
FIRST HORSELESS CARRIAGE.
FLAVOR AND AROMA OF IHJTTER
Formerly it was thought that the flavor of butter depended almost entire!, upon the character of the food I ,hey pre8aed close round lhe Kn8,isb
men.
What of the wo-
In June when pastures were at
ea t en
It is time to put an end to infidels their best, the color was of the most | torturing believers I” «aid a portly old
desirable tint and the butter
ed a fine flavor
HEIGHT AND GENIUS
Here are a few statistics bearing on
the question of height in its relation
to genius. Tall men—Burke, 5 feet 10
inches ; Burns, 5 feet 10 inches ; Sir R. Burton, over C feet ; Sir Walter Raleigh, G feet ; Peter the Great, 6feet 8 1-2 inches ; Thackeray, 6 feet 4 inches; Lincoln, G feet 1 inch; George Washington. 6 feet 3 inches. Medium stature
carriages
when the
King rode up to the royal carriage, both I	DEEP SEA RECORD,
,A" frrrlr:...............-
remained standing till he rode away. ‘ieved to have been broken by the B
The royal livery is scarlet and white, tiah cruiser Penguin, which reports JBMHBI	II
and every day the Queen and her ladies having sounded to a depth of 4,701 fa- —Lord Beaconsfield, 5 feet 9 inches ; drove past oar place of residence, and thorns or 28,372 feet, in the Pacific Hyron. 5 feet 8 1-2 inches ; Voltaire, 5 There are soft gray eyes that may I usua,ly saw her later on the Pin- Ocean, between Nexv Zealand and the fpet 7 inches; Wellington, 5 feet 7 in-
?rZVbP eDlranee °f du8t °r dirt °f °f f,irtati°n-	ro!» and'stood to	|
any Kina.	I She can make love as well as you. salute the Queen in passing
Take care, beware I	I sure you, it was a life in glamor-land 11 FINEST RIDING SCHOOL
She will hold you captive at-her own I brilliant royal colers, the bright Occasion 11ly find a farmer who ! sweet will, and when the summer is |	intellectual face of the
will say : "It's all right for the man I who can afford it to keep blooded stock, but the kind I keep pays well T enough." When we meet that kind of I fh ft man it is useless labor to argue the
un
i
BEAUTIFUL EYES
f
TURNED DOWN.
The drummer looked across the aisle.
was
STOCK THAT PAYS
I’he seat beside the pretty girl The finest military riding school jn i vacant. Going over, he said: Is this
It is b6!) feet	en**8*àt
«?.« fee, high. d^oTanyS' ,JUt 1 Um; 80 W0D 1
termin- 1	6
I Queen, the gallant greetings of her	existence is in Moscow
over calmly set you adrift, with pcr- , people, the sparkling and leaping of	long, 146 feet broad, »MJ ,, lPei n ,M1
an au revoir for next summer, j the fountains, the crumbling ruins of	and, saving only the Midland
there are gray eyed women of long ages ago ; in fact, one lives ia a	us in London, its roof is the largest
inorva type—women of intellect, perpetual glamor in Rome. I should	in the world, unsupported by pillars
brilliant talkers, always serene of j not have been at all surprised to have	It is lavishly ornamented, but in ev-I rupa	are	Uenerals	br«
temper and faithful in friendship, met Caesar in the Roman toga, or	ery respect save size, it is quite eclips-	e<1	Johnny of	his	father.
nPK *	~	4	T	“	4	4	**	U” '	Yes, my ton. as a rule, was the an-
af
iFm
AS TO GENERALS.
PflP*, are Generals brave men? ask-
question of keeping pure-bred stock of These are a most excellent kind. Joan Pompey, or Augustus and Olivia, or o ed by the subterranean riding any kind. He Is contented with the of Arc was a gray-eyed blonde, a j parly of ancient poet a	in Wetback Abbey. This wonderful 1®wer
EB3EEE g| ggm# I mmm* I

r
t

###PAGE###3###
1
the young girl at tho Pequot House,— the one he liked, and to whom be panned huu elf oft us Dick Lew. You remember 1 told you about her."
Ye», 1 remember," and Annie's voice was a little husky—"the little girl wbu was not happy with her aunt, and ho listened the more willingly to the boy's kind winning words."
An nie did not know, w by »he said ibaL, unless it were wrung from her by some sudden and bitter memory of what bad been a bright sun-spot in her cheerless childhood. When the Vequoi girl was mentioned in tier presence once befoie, she had gathered that it was mostly Mrs. Carle ton’s pride which had taken the boy away from any more rambles on t he beach or moonlight saiIs upon the bay, and perhaps it was a desire to defend and excuse the girl which prompted her to advance a reason why Dick Lees attentions had been so acceptable. She would have given much to recall her words, which made Airs. Car let on dart a quick, curious glance at bur. while Hose exclaimed: “How do you know she was not happy with her aunt# Did Jimmie tell you about berf"
"Never," Annie replied, feeling glad that a servant appeared just at that moment, telling Ho e a little girl was in the kitchen asking to see her.
To He Continued.
carnage, three more young, vigorous lives, ami leaving desolate two homes, one the lonely cottage where Hill's mother wept alone, the other the Mather mansion, where Mrs. t’arleton uinl Hose sobbed bitterly, while Annie strove in various ways to comfort them.
DISEASE OF THE SPINE.
1 Love and War
***	A STORY OP SLAVERY DAYS.
By MARY J. HOLMES
4\
A tlNlHdy Tlml Make* l.lfr Almost |!»il»ear
i»l»le— A Nov# droll# led y Tell* Mow to
l nr# 11.
Mrs Frank Minard, of Milton, NS., is a lady who possesses the confideno# of a large circle of friends. Mrs. Mm-ard has been a sufferer from spinal disease and attendent complications, and to a reporter she recently gave the particular s of her cure. Hhe said • " As a result of the trouble 1 suffered terribly. At times the pain would be confined to my back, and at other t iinee it seemed to affect every nerve in my Ixsly, from the top of my head to my toes. As a result 1 was reduced greatly in strength, and was unable to stand upon in y feet long enough to attend to my household work When doing any kind of work which required a standing position I had to provide myself with a high chair as a means of support
doctor prescribed for mo did not seem to afford me more than temporary relief from the pain and 1 was gradually growing weaker and weaker. Finally the doctors suggested that I should use Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, and acting on his advice f began to take them. I had only used a few boxes when the agony 1 had suffered for months began to abate, and 1 began to regain my strength. I continued using the pills for a short time longer, and was again in full possession of my health and strength, and able to do my household work I have never enjoyed better health iban I am doing at present."
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cure localise they supply the blood with its life giving properties and strengthen weak nerves. All diseases due to either of these causes are speedily cured by the use of this medicine. Sold by all dealers or sent by mail post paid at .TOr. a box. or six boxes for 92.50, by addressing the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
%


<!/
%

W
CHAPTER XX.
It was very lonely at the Mather mansion after the departure of the
SS3K3SF •¦= HS
"Yea old oh.™, ’ and Jimmie laughed ! <repl over her a* she began more and
Captain Car le ton. are Nome -lay among husband and her brothers, they were the terribly wounded, thigh abut still In Washington, hut they might through arm splintered above the el- be ordered to advance at any moment; bow jaw-bone broken, and all that, aud, In a tremor of distress. Rose wouldn't the pain he easier to hear, it waited and watched for every mad the nurse should happen to be Mrs. which could bring her tidings of them. Graham, or somebody just like her r, Next to her hu bands letters, Jim-“Undoubtedly it would," Torn nn-|mte‘s did her the most good, for Jim-“Still 1 should be sorry to imc hail in his nature u world of hopeful ness and humor; and his letters were full of fun, and quaint description of t he life he was leading. And

CHAPTER XIX.—Continued
After that night Rose had no cause for complaint that Jammie was rude to Annie, or Annie cool toward him, f»i* though Annie talked to him but little, she did not forget the sympathy so delicately manifested for her, end treated him with ns much reject ae she awarded Tom who grew each day more and more Interested in the black-robed figure, reminding him ho much of him loet Mary. Jimmie knew he did, and watched narrowly for time when she would know it, too; hut such time did not come, for Annie had no suspicion that either of the brothers regarded her with the shadow of a feeling save that of ordinary friendship. As much of her time as possible was 8|>ent with the Widow Simms, and a great part of Isaac's visible improvement was owing to her gentle care and the sunshine of her
John's furlough hud ¦¦

medicine which the
I he
the
•we red
have her there amid the sickening hor
rors
&== ssf s.
Nightingale, and Annie would make a -be latter buffered the must acutely,
Hidendid one, but I’ll never let her go, U«»r in addition to bis dislike of milit-unleen you, or Jimmie, or Will are, ary life he was compelled to endure wounded, and then we'll come togeth-Mhe jokea aud jeers which the coarser er, won't we, Annie f"	?nd	unfe.e*iag ° hia comrades
There was no response from	Annie,	heaped	upon him when, from Bill
until Jimmie said:	"akor, 'hey heard that his first ex-Yes, Mrs. Graham,	if I am	ever	perlvnce	in arm-bearing bad been
the sound of the little feet coming up W(,un,|,l(| an,i you hear I am	suffering	learned in ihe	army of the enemy,	io
the walk, and bringing with them so jQ	c*](Mmai h0ie w,ll you	come end	<'0e of Bill's	instincts it seemed	a
much happiness	to	the lonely cot-	caiv ^(>r	gieat ihmg	that he had	captured and
tage.	He did	not join	Will's or	Tom's nome I brought to	Washington	so illustrious
"I wish you'd stay home more ; we wj(ll j,ir, (>wn It was "Jimmie Carle- ;a prisoner us the "Corp'ral," a* he miss you so much, and it’s so dismal t(>n., wh()m Annie xvaH to nurse. But persisted in calling him, and the story without you. Mother nods over her ^ |lo( nmtter. Lifting up her head was repeated with su< hi wonderful ad-knitting, Tom just walks I he floor, or R(>	^cr K0ft, blue eyes looked in- i dit ions, that .limmie, when once by
reads some stiff Presbyterian book,. ^	Annie answered, unhesitating- accident he was <i listener to the tale
while Jimmie thrums the piano and \ . .	failed utterly	to recognize himself	in
tenses my kitten awfully,” Ihwe said ,*.Providence p#rmitting, i will, and I	the ", hap who	huit run so many miles,
to Annie one night when the latter tVulll<| (|Q ^ H;line for imy brave fel- from, and then fought; so many hours came in from a tour of calls, the last |ow, wj1Q fQ|jOWH as my husband did, with, the redoubtable Bill," who, of which hail been on Mrs. Baker, now ^ ^re duty to his country leads." "h le annoying his quondam captive so n	much happier,	better	woman,	than	.«S(> yoy flee y()U wm	f,ire no	better	I terribly,	siill, under all circumstances,
when	we	first	made	her	acquaintance.	ninn I after nil " Tom	laughingly re-	evinced	for him an attachment as
ÏÏ2 Su,it5r«*la.,T:A"—-• ' t£üi,,	*““• SKT&S JK	>—
down by her side.	' loin is a heap	.. \\ by	need	she	always	bring that; did, becoming literally	his servant	part.	But	the	lioness,	equally	valuable
entertaining,	while Jimmie is not	|iuslmn<,	jn?	had	enough to and drudge,	and thu saving him from	as a specimen	of the breed,	has	hither-
--i atftssïJ 5s£%«d sa-sais? *...........................
affect your happiness, or 1 would err-	Jimmie -i wisf.dlv for him U was n fancy of Jimmie's that by ,n,r> th* l imed condition
tainly have stayed with you moie, I	a ' k	.V he did that serving as a private in the army forded a spectacle, says the Leeds
: si tes "4?. '= %% '
expiied.	rnntinned "but as moon, until it set in the western sky, had b» eu offered a second lieutenancy
/Hr'itS; JTJSKS £	5.*SÏ ta.TKiKr' "'	" 'T %%
eawng, too, ;	,	weeks past, hud been to him a I erhaps I was foolish to decline looked angry. It was otherwise wilh
joined:	. . atranirar	fhe office, and for a moment I was	.
,h..'v>™ra.'Âmynfn7he	asTsfae 3d atUck him'""
-•EE'HEB- ESa lim -
some and rich, and,—and,—well, there's other Simms chap from Rockland,
no tel I in' what will happen, when a Hophnil	¦¦	_	....	.	.	..	...
widder's young and handsome, hut 1 know what his name is. Any way, he | the door and allow him to enter
this 1 know, I've never married, and is that crabbed widow’s son, my man's been dead this nineteen used to pucker her mouth years I? Nobody need tell me she’d be when so busy for anybody but them Carle-tons. If 'twas Cap'n, I wouldn’t mind, but that sassy-faoed Jeema. Ugh!" and in her ire at Annie's supposed preference for "sassy-faced Jeems," the widow spilled more than half of the spiced chocolate she was carrying to Isaac.
ex-
presence
pired, and mm that he was gone disconsolate Susan turned to Annie for comfort, while Isaac watched daily for
A LION REVOLTS.
the
Thrilling Heevtr In un IJigllili Menagerie ISronro Kill’d Narrow
An exciting scene was witnessed at a Leeds menagerie recently. Among the chief attractions are a couple of vans containing wild beasts. In the one are two lions and in the other a lioness. The exhibition was opened for the first time in Leeds that night, and as Bronco Bill, the lion tamer, was to enter the dens and put the animals through the usual performance, there was a large gathering of spectators. The two lions are fine specimens, and they have in
THE CZAR AT HOME
4 4 harming Plrliirr " o' Ihnnrtllc life
4 I n nrli 4 iiiriiiilldl sny*.
A volume dealing with the private life and mode of existence of Nic hulas II., was recently issued in Paris author is M Maurice Leudet, a mem-her of the staff of the Figaro, who some time h ick published a book dealing in -imilar lines with the Kaiser.
"Nicholas II., Intime, ' as the p 2 work is called, is a quite unpretentious production, and deals mostly with minor details relating to the personality of the Czar, and in well informed and entertaining gossip Majesty, it appears, has an excellent memory.
M Leudet a.-sures us that lie English without an accent, but it is noteworthy that he does not venture to -ay as much with regard to French. al Mr. Heath, his English master, is credited with a cordial dislike for Mr.
more
I he
She af
:
most ardent lover of sensation present. I he lion taming performa nee,was com-
Fol lowing Bronco Bill
— *¦
menced about 8.£0 o'clock the usual programme, first entered the cage containing the two lions
They growled at him
and
Hie
talks
Gladstone and a pronounced fondness for boxing, but w hether he trammit-ted the>e tastes to his pupil is not
recorded
He sought to drive her back, but she
He persisted,
pa ws
however, and struck her again and again on the. head with a stick, in t he
1 he young princes were brought up with as lit t le ceremony as
very
entering the door.
"1 would brave the cannon’s mouth for another look like that," was Jim-mental comment as he stepped Into the room, and advanced to ladies' side. "So you are glad I am going?" he said, half playfully, to An, w ho answered frankly :
Yen, very glad."
"And won t you miss me a bit ? Folks like to be missed, you know, if they are ever so bad. It makes one think better of himself, and consequently do better if he knows that his absence will cause a feeling of regret slight, to the friends left behind," Jimmie remarked, while in his eyes there peculiar expression which An-failed to see, as he stood looking down upon her.
She would miss Jimmie, she knew, for she had become accustomed to his merry whistle, his ringing laugh, his teasing jokes at Rose’s expense, and his going would leave them very lonely, and so she frankly admitted, adding that "it was not because she wished to be rid of him that she was glad; it pleased her to see him in the path of duty, even though that path led to danger and possible death.”
"Oh, don't, Annie, don’t talk of death to Jimmie !” Rose cried, with a shudder. "You can't begin to guess how it makes me feel, or how terrible it would seem if either he or Tom should
die l"
"Can’t I ?” Annie asked, with such a depth of mournful i*athos, that Rose's tears flowed at once.
Of course Annie knew how it felt, ami every fibre of her heart was bleeding now, as she remembered one w ho left her as full of life and hope as either Tom or Jimmie, but who came back no more, save us the dead come back shrouded and coffined for the grave. But Annie would not give way to her feelings then. She .would comfort Rose, and encourage the young who, she felt, shrank from the
So she rative-
iMjssible. On .Sundays the) entertam-or Phineas. or Eli.—hanged if | hope of getting her to move away from ed at dinner the small buys and girls
• who were admitted tc| ihe honor »f ihut I At length she rushed at him, send- their friendship.
ho ing the claws of one paw into the top f( _	___ _
that	young of	him	head, while she lacerated him	very lively functions
and	snatch I on	the	left (high with the claws of ihe	end to the tricks the hosts	uni their
_	*	Afraid that she might get	small guests played on one	another,
me. 1 reckon he’ll get the office, with | through the open door, he pluckily	Fr,,m er.to end of the (able there
r used lu be continuous firing of bread
e 4
mie a
the
these parties seem to have been
. "There was no
phe
saw
reb of a Carleton, away her gown for fear it should hit I other.
nie
its twelve hundred a year, which he fought her, while some of the attend can use for his mother's support. One ants struck her through the burs with pellets, which were perpetually strik-of her sons, you know, is married, and iron rods. For some moments it seem- ing pi in ely no es or landing in royal as good as lost to her; while (hat boy vd doubtful what would be the issue, mouths. Another favorite juke was to Isaac is nut long fur this world. Pri- Ihe infuriated beast actually got its jog your neighbor's elbow while he son life at Richmond did the business head and half its body out of the cage. • WBs drinking, or to baptize him with for him, or I’m mistaken a<> let Eli be Naturally the spectators were horri- a glassful of wine." lieutenant, and James Carleton only a fi*d at the sight, but they had little j i bis “charming picture of home private. Do you think? 1 did right, occasion to feel alarmed about their lif**," as M. Leudet calls it, is proof at and will that paragon’ of yours, Mis- safety, for in front of the cage door any rate that there are various ways tress Grabn n, think so, too?”	there was a kind of porch formed of 0f becoming fitted for the must polite
This w as w hat Jimmie wrote to Rose iron bars, and the door of this was
however
Never was the widow more mistaken. Annie Graham would have clone for Eli, John, and Isaac Simms, or possibly William Baker, the same offices she was doing for "the Carletons,” and her voice would have been just as sweet and hopeful when she bade them farewell, as it was that bright spring morning, when, in the parlor of the Mather mansion, Tom and Jimmie were waiting to say good-bye.
At the very last moment Bill Baker had announced his intention of going
was a
me
. .	.	.	, , .	.	,	...	4	¦, society, Still, it	must uoL be	supposed
after	he had been gone	for	three or	closed and	latched.	It was inside	this	from occasional license	that the
four weeks, and whaU Rose, with her «mailer cage that the lion tamer was , Czar's education was neglected, u ual impetuous thoughtlessness, read struggling with the ferocious brute ; received a very strict religious train-tu her moi her and Annie, w ho were she had him pinned and he dare not op- ; |ng aQ(j the impression it made on both in her room when the letter the porch door. At length the as-	may be gathered from a remark
came. Annie had made an attempt to distant managed to drive her back into made on the occasion of the death leave, but Rose had insisted that there th*1 cage, and the tamer was rescued, j 0f vTictor Hugo He knew that the
hum," he said; "and livin’ on ihe old sa*^’ ant*	,ea<* on* stumbling from a wound on the top of the head, his public funeral he said that, he
gal, who was gittin’ most too straight dreadfully, and mispronouncing words, an<| thigh bore the marks of the could not understand how
for .Jimmie's handwriting was never beast’s claws.	i ors could be paid to a man who "had
very	plain; and	this letter,	written	Bronco was taken	to the surgery	and	died like a dog.	’
with	a sort lead	pencil,	with	a bit of	bis wounds	were there dressed. By	and	The Czar ri-es	at eight o’clock, takes
slatestone for a table,	was his	very	by he reappeared in	the exhibition,1	tea with the	Empress at nine, and at
worst. She made	out,	however,	that	evidently not much	the worse.	He	half-past nine	retires to his study to
he had declined the office of second seemed to regard the affair as all in read the principal European news-lieutenant because he thought he did t be way of business, and at a later papers. I his ta.ik accomplished, ho not deserve it ; that, he had named Eli hour once more attempted to enter the goes out for a short walk, and at Simms as a litter	person for it	than	<|*.n of the lioness. This time he	was	eleven o'clock	is ready to nceive his
himself, and that	he	had called	the	more successful. As	before, she	re-	Ministers and	attend to his correspon-
widow a 'crab-apple, or something listed his entry, and it was some time dence. After lunch he drives out like it. All this was very clear; and, before she could be driven from the with the Empress, and on his return uf-er ex-Tiim og against Jimmie’s inor- door
•3
lie
too
such hon-
Besides
and blue for his notions that, he felt kinder ’taehed to the Corp’ral. and wanted tut be where he could see him and wait on, him like any other nigger."
Jimmie would gladly have dispensed with such a singular attache, but Hill could not be shaken off, and as he did
in various ways evince a strong regard for his former captive, Jimmie was forced to submit to what he termed "his thorn in , the flesh," giving from his own purse money for Billy's outfit, and furnishing the mother with means to repair her dwelling and make it far more comfortable than at present. This he was sure phased Annie, and no sacrifice was too costly if it won her regard. She had prayed for him, he knew, for Rose had told him so, and prayers like hers, though they did not avail to save her George’s life, would surely shield him from danger. He should come hack again when the war was over,—come back to find an older grave by Rockland’s churchyard gate, while the wife, who daily watered that grave with tears, would be as young, as beautiful, and far more girlish-looking than now, when, in her widow’s weeds, she offered him her hand at parting, bidding God-speed to him and the noble Tom, w ho stood beside him.
There were tears, and kisses, and blessings from Rose and her mother, a few low-spoken words of sympathy and good will from Annie, and then the two young men were gone.
Half an hour later, and the eastern train thundered through the town, bearing away to the fields of bloody
I	.Mlhough he again struck her re- shuts himself up in his study, where
bid sense oi justice in one breath, and I pea ted I y on the head and thrust his he is hard at work until eight o’clock, pronouncing him ’perfectly splendid’’ stick into her ojien mouth, while the the imperial dinner hour. 'Ihe irapor-IO another, she kepi on till she reach- When she moved away he darted-tance of this meal is considerable at paragon, ’ which >be rendered assistants beat her with iron rods, the Russian court, as may be imagin-"Pequot," making ihe sentence read, through the door, and as she rushed ed when it is said that over two hund-" Will that L’equm of yours, Mistress wildly about the cage he disc* ha riled a red persons are engaged in preparing Graham, think I did yighlf"	couple of pistols. Then, seizing the and serving it.
"What did he call me?" Annie ex- first opportunity, he slipped out amid claimed, her face turning very while, the cheers of the crowd, the "|>erform-as she leaned toward Ruse, who, start- anew" lasting not more than half a led at her vehemence, tried again to minute. It was undoubtedly a dan-make out the word, which was gerous enterprise.
strangely distorted, from the fact that Bronco Bill told the house that this just as Jimmie was writing it, his was the animal which killed a turner shadow, Bill, had struck him familiar-1 called Virgin ut Antwerp two ly upon the rliuulder, saying, with a laugh.
ed
man,
perils spread out before him. told how few there were, compa ¦ ly, who died on the battle-field, while the chances for life in the hospitals were greater now that better care and skill had been procured.
"Annie—excuse me, Mrs. Graham ¥" and Jimmie spoke vehemently,- while his eyes kindled with a strange gleam. I'Why don't you go as nurse ? You might be the means of untold good to the poor fellows who need such care
as you could give."
"I have thought of it," said Annie, while Rose exclaimed:
"You turn hospital nurse—ridiculous ! You never shall, so long can prevent it. Shall she, Tom ?" she appealed to the latter, who had Just come in. ' Shall Annie go into those horrid hospitals ?"
"I am not Mrs. Graham’s keeper," Tom replied, "but I should be sorry her acting in the capacity of
AIGRErs GOING OUT
t
It may be nothing more humane than fashion, which h is not a reputation for humanity in any way, but it is certain tbit the nigret is disappearing from the coiffure. It has taken with it. too, the irare filling the place of both They are artificial flowers, beautiful which stand up on a long stalk
years
and made a furious attack upon another known as Alfonso at Prescot, near Liverpool, in June last.
"Writ in' to your gal I s'pose? Give her Bill Baker’s legrets."
"It looks like Pequyt, and some like Patagonian, Hose said, deciding at last that it was paragon, and add-self of Annie’s evident surprise, "you ing by way of an explanation to her-did not like the idea of his calling you a Pequot, did you Annie? IV wouldn’t have meant anything if he had, and it natural that I should make the
roses,
from the top of the head as proudly as if they were still adorning the rosebush, cluster down in lb* hair a la Carmine, or there is one big flower on the top of the head and another tucked away at the side. It is & pretty and becoming fashion, and it obtains on the bodice of the gowns.
MISTAKEN IDENTITY
as I
And
wager that that ng than over there * ysician. you overhear him say that no one man can know everything ?
Guessington—I'll broad-brimmed you is a recently graduated , Cleverly—Oh, no I Did»
X
was
blunder, for that’s the name he gave
to see



t



###PAGE###4###

A. L. HANDFORD, PHOTOGRAPHER,
For the
The Gquity.
Spring Trade.

SHAWV1LLE, MARCH 16, 1899.
House. | Cleaning.
WILL BK AT THK
---O

Pontiac House Gallery FIRST FRIDAY
'¦vx/x
SAMPLES OF ALL KINDS 01
I
COUNTY COUNCIL MATT*Ms
(il
I
Apart from the exhaustive discussion
O
THE LATEST IMl'R VKP
of the Ottawa Canal project, which made the meeting the most interesting, perhaps, that has been held in the history of Pontiac, the regular business of the late
eessiun of the County Council was by no [ Make it a point to leave your order early means devoid of concern. To begin with, there was poetically a full board i in a tendance, and a glance around t he ta *.e showed that some changes had I be*n wrought in the personnel of the nn inkers w ith the advent of a new year.
Tnus we find that Mr. E. Graham has !

Latest Styles In Photos.
Prices Reasonable,
now on bund for Inspection,
m
ty Hkmkmbeh the Dates
A. L HANDFORD
Ye Housewife- take a look at the following list -

o
Z
A 1.80 A STOCK OF
Spring
Ready-mixed Paint, Varnishes,
Dry Colors—all kinds, Stains,
Enamels,
Whiting,
Kalsomine,
Alabastine,
Pearl i ne,
Sapolio,
Brushes—all kinds, Window Shades,
Lace Curtains,
Curtain Polos, &c.
Expresses,
GENUINE......
SATISFACTION.
Inducements
Waggons,
and Carts
supplanted Mr S'ephen Sm tii ns repre-
eentative of Brm.,,1; Mr. Tho. M F«r ,	nnd u ..«rloa.l of
lane takes the place of Mr. Tin»*. Pi en-	nniiiiPA
dergast for Clarendon; Mr. E Bmf »rd Q^ | ( j [ v) appears for Mant-tield instead of Mr. E.
Davis; and Mr. Adams for Waltham in place of Mr. Wane.
The re election of Mr G H . Brabaz »n
(o those requiring

FURNITURE
Our lady friends will be pleased to see our new stock of . . .
"• BUGGIES
Again we place before you for your approval our new stuck of
expected daily.
PRINTS
FURNITURE
A. SMILEY
Shawville.
to the important position of warden, without opposition, uiuiiistakeabiy indicatestlie Board's appreciation of the services of an efficient and deservedly popular official, and the re engagement of Mr. W. G LeRoy as Secretary ».t an increased salary, shows also, that the wotk of a tried and painstaking servant is not underrated,
for spring irade. Our aim has been to please you in selecting the best assorted and complete stuck of Furniture in Shawville. Spurred on by success we have increased the quantity, increased the variety, and even tried to in crease the value, great as they have been in the past. The distinctive elegance of our styles asserts itself as exceptionally exclusive, and our customers are assured they can certainly be suited iu any of the lines offered.
5
We are satisfied that for variety of patterns, unique designs, washable colors, and quality of goods, our range cannot be beaten.
We have the latest Checks In the Market.
For Sale or to Rent.
A desirably situated premises oecnpted at present as store and post office at Wetrslead,
when the character of ,hat work fully '	I*.'"
understood, as we believe it has not been good business point, distance from Hhaw-... #	. , . v	1 vtHe6 mile», and situated on the main road
up to a vciy lecent date by the Council leading from ihat place to Wolt Lake. It Is
i'self, no, ,o apeak of the community a,
large. Just a word on this point :	Since	10
Mr. LvRuy has occupied the position of	8TKF*HKN smith,
secretary, the duties of that office have vastly increased as compared with thetimes
We Quote a few Lines to show that we mean business : , . . .
Don t you want something before yon begin house-cleaning ?
In Printed Novelties
All Hardwood Extension Tables from $3.85 up.
All Hardwood Double Bedsteads
wo are showing the very latest
things.
Notice to Debtors.
when there was no bonus obligation to grapple with; no provision for the main-
| Inconsequence of having suffered severe
tenancy of insane, which by the way. is loss by Hie rec-nt the. I urgently request all r - . or .	...	,	, parlies Indebted to me to ca I and *vltle up T PO HI (1)1.OJ UD
becoming All annually increasing burden with Mrs. Holstein, who will be found at Mr i	r
HUrfh 11,'lil»'
“ Percales,”
“ Madras,*’ “ Armme Royale,”
In splendid cloths and fast colors.
J. H. SHAW.
Lounges from $3 50 up.
Spring Beds (guaranteed not to sag) $1 85 up.
on the County, and in connection with which there la a large amount of correspondence to be attended to other matters of minor importance, prac tically occupy the whole of the Sec re t,try's time; b for him to attend to the duiiea of the
E HOLSTEIN
Shawville, March 7, 18)9
These wi h
PUBLIC NOTICE.
For newest and most up-to date goods always call on us.
All other articles at like prices
Province of Quebec
lia; it is simply imposait Muntclpallt) ofHhawviVe
Public Notice Is hereby given by J. R.Hor-
uer. the undersigned secrelary-Tn r, of
office and perform the woik as it should * be at repaid Municipality, that the IM ««f
,	1	| persons who appear, by the \ alnutlon Uoll
be done, and as at present it ir being of i he said Municipality nowin for o, to be .	,	.	,	entitled to vote at Ihe election of a member
done, and engage m any other line of of the Va glslatlvv Assembly of the Province
business. This being the case it seems
unreasonable, even mean, in fad, to re- That «duplicate thereof baa been Indued In
the office ol l lie undersigned, at the dt«f osai
and for the mloimatlon of all person?,
ChlfU.
Given this fourth day of March, !<'
i
E. HODGItTS & SONS.
J AS. McARTHUR.
THE HULL ELECTRIC CO.
G-enuine
Bargains.
PLANING
MATCHING & DRESSING
WOW HOWE AT
Elu & Bai bers 11! Lumber
aioresaU. has been prepared according to law.
Carnrun at Intervals of twenty minutes In the morning and fifteen minutes In the after noon, daily, Sundays Included.
)
quire a man to perform duties which only a competent man can perform, in cmisid eration of a pittance, wholly inadequate to his support, and merely a tugatel.e as e :npared with what he could command as the employee of a mercantile or any other business institution.
Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled.
J. K HORN Ml
Sue -A re s
Our Spring stock is or-
de red and will soon bo on hand. In older to make room for it we are selling off "Ur winter goods cheap for cash.
W. R. TAYLOR,
heard Mr Clornn speak the other day will readily admit that lie is a gentleman of more than ordinary ability, and just the right sort of a man to assist in looking after the interests of the Ottawa Valley at Toronto, should the electors of Nip-issing choose upon him as their next representative in the Provincial house.
8ec.-Treas
A statement made by the warden rela toe to our railway debentures is worthy of mention. It seems that the D ink of
In the Meantime
Try oui
rup—a irai luxury —at $1 00 per
15”
Brand Sy-
Montreal, to which institution the inter, est on our debentures has been pail in, 1 hat been charging the County at a rate j of one half of one per cent, for handling the lund. The waiden, however, has

SHAWVILLE.
pail
Sawing
Ho Prohibition.
* Wo can recommend
Wo wish to inform the public that hav ing just added o first-class Planing Ma-late!y made an arrangement with the ! Sir Wilfred Laurier has addressed a let- chine to our other plant, we are prepared
Bank of Ottawa, to transact t his business I *' r tr> ^ j} Spence, < f Toronto, sec to do Planing, Matching and Dressing
retmy of the Dominion A Lance, stating I at short notice, and also supply all de, B:at the Dominion Government will not manda for rough and dressed lumber, per cent, and has thus i. meted a yearly introduce a piohibitory measure at the	_
saving to the C unty of about fifty dob j session of Parliament which opens to-day. \ Quantity of
lata, which considering the number of ! Spence expresses himself as thor
oughly dissatisfied with the answer.
Our Ceylon Tea—makes a»delight-
ful btiVemgv.
for a commission of ore sixteenth of one
CUSTOM SAWING
Get a Package
o
done at the rate
Or *»ur “Maracaibo" Coffee—Pre-pa ired enpecia y fir our trade.
Logs and Shingle Wood
Still Required.
of
years yet. to run before the debentures mature will total up a pretiy respectable amount.
Montreal, March 10.—Sir Wilfrid Liuner'a letter to the secretary of the Dominion Alliance refusing to introduce
Some remark, also from the warden I prohibitory Ugi.i.tion a* a result of
the plebiscite caused no end of excitement
here this morning among the temperance
. The local branch of the alliance
$2.00 per 1,000 Feet jSiLAS YOUNG
Starke’s Corners.
ELLIOTT & BARBER.
Shaw ville, Janu&jy 24, 1899
w ith regard to ihe progress made since
JOHN J. MCCLEARY,
SHAWVILLE.
last session with the lawsuit between people
Clarendon township and the County, and j at once to< k steps to answer this b ast of
the Premier. It was arranged that a meeting of the Quebec branch shall be held on Monday next and action resolved on. It is understood that a manifesto
BUSINESS
CHANCE
matters relative to the question of valuations, brought Mayor Graham to his feet
April 9,1899
NDIK£


with a proposition providing for the appointing of a revising committee tobe com j will beat once issued to the electors of
posed of men of well-known integrity and * anada exposing *'hat the temperance , . .	,	, .	:. . people consider the duplicity of the nun-
g ,,d J idgqienf, wlv.se duty .t would be „lry and advillng lhe formation
to go through the several muuicipalities, nf a third or prohibition party in Caoad
spend a day or more in each ae the case i*n politics. The prohibitionists hav-
may demand, and look into the respective in8.">">e to the conclusion that there i, /	..	.	... nothing to be expected from either of the
valuations, to discover if any inequalities twn g|y parties, and that the only way in
exist, and then lay their report before | which prohibition can be secured is to
the County Council before the rolls were
homologated, and in this way provide the
Council with a reliable source of inform-
«ten-.-



a
at once
NOTICE
TO FARMERS.
1

The undersigned desire to inform the people of Sbawvllle and surrounding country that they have bought out the Tinsmtthlng Business and Stock of Mr. HARRY PERRY, In Sbawvllle and that they Intend carrying on the same In the old stand—opposite the Russell House. By strict attention to business and square dealing they hope to merit a fair share of the public patron-
IP
\
>
f
>
S\
/
J Con wider—if von can keep the wet opt
JT of yuur rifle It will not ruttnoifreete. Only
f Marlin Repeaters
have Solid Ton*, rheddlng water Hire» f? duck’s back. Our W puae book (lust out) tells all alxmt them, up-to-date Information about powders.black and smoke. , less; proper sizes. Quantities, how to : load ; hundreds of bullets, lead, alloyed, , Jacketed, soft nosed, mushroom, etc : y trajectories, velocities,penetrations. All k calibres a to 46; how to care for arms and jk
m . 1,000 other things. Including meny trade
¦ SJLI accrete never before given to the public.
Ijfrras:
xV

place it above all other political issues and block all other legislation until the old parties grant prohibition.
For the greater convenience of my customers, in addition to my Storehouse at Bristol, I hate erected two new Store houses—one at McKee's and the other at Wyman's— and am prepared to buy all kinds of good, clean Grain, for which I will pay the highest price the market will allow.
I
i
atinn on which to base their course of
%
Legislature Prorogue!.
age

action. This proposition met with uni
versai favor, and to all probability will! The Quebec Legislature was prorogued cm I the stock comprises a nick LINE or
be adopted, in which case it is expected j Friday evening last by Bis Honor, the | COOKING, BOX AND PARLOUR
Lieut.-Governor, with the usual impres

to be the means <>f terminating the vexa
-STOVES-
sire ceremonies
tious lawsuit that has so long been pend ing, and prevent as well others of like character arising in future.
STOVE FURNISHINGS,
COOKING UTENSILS, TINWARE, AGATEWARE, &c.
WORK OF THE SESSION
One hundred and ten bills were sanctioned this year, of which three were private bills, and 07 public bills.
There were 155 bills presented in the Assembly, of which 113 were passed by John Laughren being appointed Regis- t)iat body, and 98 by the Legislative
trar of Xipissing, H. J. Cloran, the gen-1 C «uncil
tien mil who addressed the county coun
X
It is stated that in the event of Mr
—of all kinds satisfactorily done, at— [moderate prices.
a

GEO I. DALE. EOBT. A. DALE.
The Legislative Council brought in 15
Wed.-d., ... .... ««> r'f' I % IT» b“ r ri,k' Z
will l>e a candidate in the resulting by- I council|also amended%41%of the Asaembl election in tliat constituency. Tliose who] bill#

For Price* ou JiAKUNS, (any calibre) consult YOUR NEAREST DEALER.
P. T.—The Pigbeat Cash price paid for Hides and Pelts.
Sbawvllle, N>7.15,1898.
E. GRAHAM.
BElmsIde, Oct. 17th. 1998.

V
J
y
y
1



###PAGE###5###
INTEREST AMENEE.
rence, went on Mr. Puupore, is not the traffic we ere after for the Georgian Bey Canal, but we wtni to tup the trade that goes by way of Buffalo. The Ottawa route whs land l icked for almoat its enure distance, and thu* freight carried by it will be ssved the exposure that prevail» by the other route; this would mean «saving ... of about 7 per cent, in insurance, while
Large and Enthusiastic Meeting |	ln ,iftv*8*tio11 would be nearly
The speaker referred to the attitude of I he Canadian press, which with very few exceptions had declared in favor of the scheme.
UT US TO
The Test
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawvillo
NISH anil
HOOK
t
Pontiac People Endorse the Canal Project.
FACTORY,
— ALL K IN IJS Oi
at Bryson.
“Whoa you require anything1 in the
Interior & Eircrior
Addresses by Messrs. Poupore Stewart, Clonm and others.
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs
MANVKAt Tl KEIi.
Taking up that feature of the question relating to the guarantee of two |>er cent, interest which the Government was asked
live gathering of the stalwarts of Pon pOUpore said the Government for time present at Bryson on Wednesday year* p«st had been offering a bonus of afternoon last to hear the great question	a year in order to procure | I
o„... H...
from Montreal to the great lakes, discuss jf y0u give us half of this amount, ed by the promoter, Mr. McLeod Stew- shall put such a volume of traffic in Monart, his energetic assistant, Mr. Poupore, trea*» *B to attract the largest and fastest
vessels afloat without any bonus.
Comparing the proposed waterway with the existing circuitous route, Mr. Pou» pore pointed out the relative advantages The accommodation of the Council I of the former over the latter, as t would
was entirely inadequate to supply the I bivolvo a great reduction in canal or what Urge number of people, representative of "" k,,ow" 08 ru8tructed "«'iguticn. all sections, who came to hear the speech* n recent interview with the Premier,
es. Those who wore unfortunate in not j t^°	bad adviaed that the agitation
lt2 t ,	..	. should be kept up, with a view to more
gsming M mission, stood outside at the	UI,|1((hieni.,g people on the merit. „f
windows, preferring to endure the cold- the scheme. The speaker thought that
ness of the weather, rather than they I should unite and make common cause
.b„„d mi---------rd	from ,h. !	Th7^"
on receiving the treatment that
DOORS, HASH, NKWKL POSTS, DUJEMSF.D
LUMBER, Su. &, ,
K. j»l ill stuck and ma le to ord.-r
IVMBKH DREH8ED AT POPULAR PKK ES
some
: HEADQUARTERS FOR SEASONABLE GOODS

Mc(;KEDIEtfc HOJXrlNS
— SUCH AH —
we
Estimate» furnish< d
o
OIL,
GLUE,
PAINT,
PUTTY,
STAINS,
WHITING,
HAW OIL, BOILED OIL,
RED LEAD, WHITE LEAD, ALABASTINE, PARIS GREEN, LAMP BLACK, LIQUID PAINT, HOUSE VARNISH, COACH VARNISH, CHROME YELLOW, PURE WHITE LEAD, STOVEPIPE VARNISH, PURE PREPARED PAINT, BRUSHES OF ALL KINDS
tku federal member for this County, and Mr. H. J. Cloran, Mayor of the town of Hawkeebury.
Tenders Wanted
Healed tend.*™, ma- k< d “ lender for < he# s * maker * nnd foil er for Secretary M will h receive! by ltv* undersigned up t • Xuturday, Marrh 25 h. for a competent cheese maker a d sec re i ary for the Oreeu l/ikeChe*o»e and nutter Com pin y r* cent ly organized.
Tenders for cheese maker to Mate price pei 100 ibs for making and iioxlug cheese, keeping milk ho ik and furnishing everything required L > manufacture cheese,
\opllcaniK for secretaryship may learn the nature of duties r qui red by calling on Undersigned
Lowes, or any tender not necessarily accepted,
JA< ARMSTRONG.
i. L. C. de li. C
I’rcH. (
Green Lake, March 6th, 1*99.
speakers’ lips. This could be taken as a fair indication of the extent to which pub-I justly due, and if the Government refus-lie feeling has of late been aroused to the j ed lo K*ve the aid which was asked, the
8,„, imr„„.hi. ..... j x.xxzx,':
prise; and once aroused, and the advan purt. He would state, aa he had done tagea nf the scheme understood, the agi- or. all other occasions, that ho was still a
tation must daily become more pronounc-1 Conservative in politics, and that he yet
had seen no reason to change those opin-The present Government had ad; opted the same policy hs their predeces the consideration to which they are em | sors, which was affording protection to
titled from the Government of Canada
was
Property for Sale.
The undersigned off rs for sale that portion of hie property bt-lng north of main street. In the village of rtbawville romain log a-bou1 fifteen screw of good laud, (more or lew*,) which Im under cultivai ion and m good order. The property will be sold in whole or In part lo suit purchaser. For terms and particulars apply lo
ed, until it resolves itself into a demand that the interests concerned shall receive
tons
8AMVKLH MCDOWELL,
Jpposlte l'i vmisfh
Shawville,Feb*jr 7.1899
our native industries, and therefore he did not see it would be inconsistent toac-
_	,	.	.	,	, Cord them his support, which he was pre-.
Mr. Pouporo who was the first speaker pared to do if they gave the necessary I introduced by the warden, dealt wirh the assistance to the opening up of the Of ,ul.j«ct at ootiridereble length, and during ,awa ruUte. But if they refuted to do so the whole of hie speech he was listened , they cuuld not ¦.¦xpect hie nor the support to the keenest interest and attention. I 0f an)- man in the Ottawa valley. The j After some remarks of a general char» time had arrived when we should have actor, Mr. Pouporo entered with the sub' our share of the good things that are go ject by giving the reasons which impelled ing. For the past twenty years we have ! him to make common cause with Mr. been contributing largely towards the Stewart in bringing the scheme before deepening of the St. Lawrence canals, public notice by introducing it in Parlia which cost fifty millions of dollars; to ment, as all were aware he had done du the construction of the C. P. K. which ring the last session.	cost sixty millions in cash and land su fiai
He then went on to show how public dies, given out of lands of the Northwest, sympathy with the project had been which we have also helped to buy, and wo the canal. Ho had interviews with sev-awakened, in all quarters. He consider h»ve now reached the stage when other oral of the leading English dealers in this ed the people of Pontiac	should	be the obligations should net be permitted to commodity, from whom he had learned
first to realize its great importance as	it imPede die taking up of this great wmk that our pulp wood was much superior to
affected their interests to a greater extent 1,1 wh,ch all were interested, and regard- that obtained from other countries, and than those of any other community. No ing which the best advise he could offer therefore commanded a better price. Af citiz n of the county could raise any ob- wa® unity of sentiment, because, united ter dealing with several other features of
At the same time the I Wd stand—divided we fall. (Loud ap | the question, Mr. Stewart explained the
nature of the agreement which the S.
Pearson Com pany — the larges t contractors
I in the world—were prepaiod to enter into I In the evening Mtyor D.z>ucho and Mr. Stewart on coining forward receiv if they were given the guaiamee of two the members	of	the Bryson	Council
ed a hearty ovation from the audience, per cent, asked for, which showed that entertained	Messrs.	Stewart,	Pouporv
He stated that thi* Was the first time he they were to receive nothing until one and Cloran to a banquet at the Clifton
àsssssas	gs§ss=
WÈÊmmÈmrnmm
now lying dormant because of excessive the member for By town in conjunction that»° government could stand which	thLfonow^n^Tder-
transportation charges. Take the case of with the late John Egan, member for wou!d reject such an offer. He showed a '	L *	-
the Bristol iron mines where it was esti- this county had taken up the matter, and 1,16 advantages the canal would ensure Her Majesty 1 he Queen, mated there were deposited 30 millions of how subsequently Sir John Michell, 10 l*lti country by way of lessening the Our Guests—coupled with the names tons of iron ore of superior quality. an(j other eminent engineers, had pro CJ#t of transportation. Owing to the of Messrs. Stewart, Cloran and Pou Those mines which were operated a few I nouncod upon its great military value, enormous cost which was involved by pore.
years ago, had to be closed down because Then teferring to ins own connection with existing conditions, the thousands of Parliament of Canada—Mr. Pouporo the cost of exporting the ore was found the project, horelatedhis experiences with | ^'"migrants who went by our North The Navy of Canada to be too groat to make the mines a niy- *,% premiers of the Dominion, beginning ”e8t* werti obliged to leave the Cw u n - Ritchie.	j
ing investment. We had a'ao a mine at | with Sir John Macdonald, and ending 'Tf a,l(i 9etlly across tk,3	Wlth
Quyon, which gave evidence nf producing with Sir Wilfrid Laurier, who now had lhy canal in operation all this would be gold in paying quantities. People laughed (he opportunity of making a name for changed, and a groat proportion of the at the idea and said, 14 oh, gold is only to himself that would be handed down to 8rain traffic which was now g«»ng . by be found in the Klondyket but they future generations • Everyone of those u,her channels would be turned into * ,)Ur)
might yet learn their mistake. Then as premiers had endorsed the scheme, and tl,e Ottawa route.	Our Mineral Wealth—Messrs Ritchie
regards the mines on the Calumet Island, no doubt would have taken it up had time A® a lar8e number of French Can and Graham.
where operations were temporarily sue- permitted, but in the case of three of a<iiana were present, Mr. Cloran was Banking & Commerce—Mr. F. A. Par pended on account of an ill advised law- them death had intervened, while two requested to address a few . words to ker
suit. Regarding this enterprise, they had others had met with a political death be. them, which he did on much the same The Ladies—Mr. Grace, found that even allowing for the high fore anything could be done. The un- ,inoa-	,	The Prêts-Messrs. Cowan, Ottawa
figure which it took to transport the ore timely death of Sir John Thompson, who Mr. Grace of “ United C mada,” made Joun al ; Capt. Sills, Free Press ; Cowan, to Europe, consequent upon its having had got the charter through Parliament, a few remarks expressive of his deep in Equity ; Millions, Quyon Times, to pass over several lines of railway before had been a serious blow to the project, teres t in the success of the project, and Our Hist—Mr. W. McVeigh, reaching ocean bottoms, and then addi-i [n fAct an order-in-council to nrovide for tendered a word of advice to the young , AuM Lang Syne, tional transportation charges on the other I (he necessary aid was* prepared apd ready J raen who would reap the benefits that aide of the ocean, they had been enabled fur his sanction on his return from Eng-1 were in store when the work was com-to make a profit of $ 15.00 on each ton of land; but as everyone knew he was cut P*efe(*-	.
ore exported.	, down suddenly at Windsor Cattle, just t)r. Gaboury who was next called
mtm
& Gi.BisliSDi,
MH POCTORK SPE A KH
)


PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
ht
v
LE

and

IKHtUKK
G. F. HOGGINS'A
Wi
m

riH
I
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
\
g®

¦r
the warden and secretary to draft and •ign a petition to the Dominicn government, asking that the necessary assistance be granted to ensue the speedy undertaking of this great work.
The meeting then dispersed with chaera for the prom iters and the canal.

i
VJH
V*
!
GEAwmr.g

<¦
StyM
fiiod-fifiim
ÜÜÎ3-B3Î8
jection to it. ________________ _____ —-
scheme warn one which should have the plause) support of every one in the Ottawa valley, and not only that, but of every Can aman to*- it was one of national importance, and would therefore benefit the whole of Canada.
A BANQUET
MR STEWART HEARD
ALWAYS m BE HAD FROM
i
j
THE TAILOR
who insures the future custom of those who leave .in order with him
A Trial will convince.
Shawville — Que.
6*\ Ottawa^ Business College.
(Established IÏ2 years.)
Mr. R. McC
The Goorg'an Bay Canal—Mr. Slew
art
Medical Faculty—Drs. McNally and
Fall term communed a ugnst 15tli. A per-niHiicnt finff or four experienced able expert tH*chere ; l hlrtjr I wo ye.«rs of uninterrupted miccdH* ; belint endorsed by the lending liu-lnesK mid p ofek*iou»l men of the Capital ; each graduate getting f he Dip omn of the Hu si new# Kduen tors’ A»«oclat on ot Canada ; the succès* of our graduate* (they are to he found s very w here) are points for your consideration. S^nd for new Catalogue.
JOUN KEITH, Principal, 148-154J Bank 8t., Ottawa.

Double Hangring:.
PATENTS
PROMPTLY SECURED
Write for our interesting book* “ Invent ora Help" and “How you are swindled.' Send us a rough sketch or modtlofvvur invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion aa to whether it is probably patentable. Wc make a specialty of applications rejected in other hand». Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS * EXPERTS
Civil <t Mechanical Engineer#, Oriduatee of the I-o'.ytechnic School of Engineering, BacheUr* in App led Science#, Lavai University, 1Mr™t*re ratent Low Association. American \* ate%^ ork* Association. New England Water Work# Assoc V. u. Suivcyore Aeeoclatlon, Assoc. Member Can. Society of Civil Engineer#
eneu: |	.T'
•a'
the lakes route was clearly shown traffic which bow goes down the Sr. Law*
The
X
f
i

L

>




_
###PAGE###6###
l*W
am the door.. The door through which the sheep enter the fold, and through which the shepherds come to the sheep. These words, in Wreck, may still he seen inscribed over the inner
the Mosque of St. Sophia,
^&îtt£rs & i'MSSlES «SSSS
«•Sifüi" EâiSi-EI	%-f
If l could only be Much ing machine of affliction. If ft soul found the Pearl I lie one of my jewels.
You don’t know his can go through that, and keep bright, distance below Nia- it is one of God's jewels. Egyptian
topas, brought up from the ruins of Herculaneum and Pompeii, shows the same inextinguishable colour to-day, afier it has been buried hundreds and hundieds of years. And so God’s children come up out of the ruins of misfortune nmV disaster an bright am when t hey weint down.
The jewel setting. The lapidary gets the gems in the right shape, gathers th-in on his table, and then puts them into head-bands, or hilts of swords, or into crowns. The owning day comes, and th' people come in, and the work is displayed before them. Well, the bord Jesus will gather up his people, uni l*fore the assembled unWerse «b>hn. He ihdr splendor shill shine forth That parable, yet differing in will b the great jewel-setting. Ghrist- mo#t parables, and especially in the ;g often t retnble at the thought of i hat day. It is to I** a day of fire and
ii,l so therm Christians I t blinder,	^nd t lie
now going on in the triumph of ex peri- n,q terrifying to God's dear children. 7. il. Not by the door. During the day cnee, and you may envy them, forget- Amidst the multitudes of the re- (lm sheep are oastured at a distance,
% >»« « ....^
were obliged to fight. He content , bunders that pound the hills will be to the village or city for sa let y, ana with such Christian experience as Gist 1|0 mor^ frightful than thaï I scaling of art, gathered in a fold, which is often may see fit to give you.	a gong that calls you to a banquet. &
History tells us that in the Middle I-^e aouj ,ising up oil that day, w ill	h , i..,.,, pn
Vgvs the precious stones were synilnils I wrap aroun(j it the resurrect ion-robe, *he entrance, and a
of the apostles. In 1 hose Middle Ages. !ind t}v, ris king of the earth, in its tens he keeps the tally by touching for instance, the jasper was considered death-convulsion, will seem as gentle one more notch on his staff. When the symbol of St. Deter, the sapphire (o it tts (he swaying of a bough from ..	ithin he takes his ; Position
.ngsi.W,hch,u,	.. nigh, -tclttnun
.Inn> x of St. Phil 1,.. rhow Stones oh I it will bo lho wedding day-the sheepfold. In the parable ths fold , esh r(>miDg lo lead and wore not more different than (he men church on earth married to the Church seems to represent the Church of f0 feed ,he flock, and to direct all his whom flit y sy in I »oli sen.	“	.	lui heaven; but instead of human lips ('hrist, which contains» within its invia- under shepherds. That they might
)i»u comp a in that >ou are not	the fragrance of burning spi<e- the fold elsewhere than thiough 1 be ftH he is the Son of man. embodying
ppèpg§;	t,eh: : ::: ;
i t Ivugn > “U in.iv not in 1 . I t he king's eon, when God the lather same door both the sheep and tin slop shepherd must face the storms with
chaîne ter, 1 hey shill i»e nine in th When Christ shall step out from the is given entrance into the ( bun h if (>ur shepherd gives up his life to save cl ay w ben I m ak e u p 1 u yj'J e a. h heavens and take by the hand the the redeemed in earth and heaven. The our*. 7. How clearly the cross ever
sr.;rjsA;»s
mÈmmmm ms imm
jewels all go through that process. I heaven as when they were on earth. I not necessary to find a meaning m or whether I hi y go hungry.
«¦e
dgggg«Ü EH	:™:L __
ZWWZZtrAW: S5SWS8S let:	‘LT'^ysr£ 20. YSCXZtK. Si ÎT„™ IS
wstvarsawit iwrsfssrrtrart	ATt&ifc'&si
an ! tighten the girdle troubles may I ifa	ise Uo(l for th^ trials that So our Shepherd has each one of our and his church. 1 lay down my life.
c,.me to us, thick as the locusts and Sf|we(| them and ground them for the u;4nies written on his head. 3. So, too, Not only for thoss disciple# who were D ogs of Egypt, ^t they w 11 ü > kingdom < Who are these V you ask. 1 should each under shepherd, whether following Jesus then, but for all who make sm—that old 1 haraoh—let V< u . a^swer, " These are they who came out u pastor or a teacher, have u personal have l»een disciples since, did Jesus
r*v» a*.*?® tr s sjrarrss'Siriift? <2& yr“— --	“s. iMf*-,. ^ »r-
mm
sehseess ..........................
strument upon a common pebble. I c“u,t a„,j blackened « page of his- within us. 4. We inuat keep our utes, when the tentai «lightly «purred does not seem as if Uo< tbougbt ibat tnry i|||.p(t(1v in(amous. Not so hearts in tune if we would recognize hi|i h()lae_ tt balky animal, whereu|H>a
north, and from thf south, He will speaks out of bm own will. «tliriee hor#ellwke,(l j,is lordship. The em-
tn , hëîn t ®re.U“Cf^ urr !r.h.%;%%.îlT"n„.%:	d tenant remarked by way of
all the land and gather them up flock with alarm, and they run hither explanation that Ins steed always act-front all th- sea	(loi rond a and Ceylon, and thither in a blind way. Says	ed thut wfly when there was game to
and Coromandel	will	send their	best St. Paul, "He that is spiritual judgelb	b(- foun()
wia* flea
of ihis "parable," and to the Jews in A drive home writh the «puis brought general it was almost meaningless. 5. it again to its knees.
How fortunate are we w ho receive a " Hello, w hat's lip now î I here a nr clearer revelation!	game here," said his lordship.
7. Then said Jesus. He went	"True, my lord," was the re#dy re-
through the allegory a second time in-	ply, hut I forgot to tell you ee’s ai
terpreting its principal element*. I good for fish aa ee is for game.'
OEMS OP GREAT BEAUTY
I
the hour of their email-
and the king
RKV. DR. TALMAGE SPEAKS ON THE MOST BEAUTIFUL JEWEL
door to
which wax built in the sixt h century Christ lun church.
8. All that ever came before me. Not those coming before Christ in
the Old Testament prophets,
as a
SOUK
ami you say a man as this I”
Some
ike Shore* #f ley Ion
Diving fbr Jewel*
-Deeper Ike Water lise Langer the 1 earl
The Lord's Jewels Were Onre Durlril *
anil Sln-'I De tio*pel ol
on
history
gara the water is placid; • i ssys '» > tiling about the rapids writbing among the rocks and the fill of one hundred and sixty-four feet. So there are Christian experiences floating placidly
be ft a t1 > ou. but you don't realize the fact that that man has gone through many rapids of temptations, end may have hail many a violent fall.
It seems easy to be a general on some
l he arches are
lime, as
but those who placed themselves before him as religious teachers. Such were the scribes and Pharisees, who ,i aimed tobe the authoritative* MAre thieves and as would be t he
THE SUNDAY SCHOOL.
In Tre»pn#'M ihrlil Itrooghl Them In Light.
INTERNATIONAL LESSON, MAR. 19
A despatch from Washington, says:— Dr. Talmage preached from the
pounders of the law
robber#. WÊ0ÈHKÊB word if the reference were to earlier
teachers; but "are;" showing that he is .speaking of the self-appointed rabbins of his own time. The sheep did not hear them. Many did hear these false teachers, and followed them, hut not those who possessed the spiritual insight of the true believer.
it. By me if any man enter in. Through faith in (Christ as our Savent er into his fold. I he invisible Church, lie shall he saved. Placed in a safe position, out of danger from wolves, and sure of abundant pasture. Fine pasture. The food of the spiritual nature which they find who are in Christ. 6 He never wants who belongs to the flock of Christ.
10. Thus far Christ has represented himself as "the door;" now he shows another aspect of the allegory, with himself as the shepherd. The thief, is the enemy who comes to plunder and to destroy. Such were the priests of that time who robbed the people ; and the Pharisees, who were planning to murder Christ, and soon would persecute to the death his followers. I
Not now as the door
You envy this experience
Not "were
following text:-"They shall be mine, the Lord of hosts, in that day
—Malachi
"Christ the tiood *ke|»her4.”	'* * #
4. old on Tr\l. John !«•
PRACTICAL NOTES.
I
i t h
when l make up my jewels
Amen
Verse 1. Verily, verily
the usual opening to u sigmf*
iii. 17.
Far enough down in the mountains
to make u> dig, and deep enough in
the sea to make us dive, are geins of i |g Ci>mes hack from the war
l he kings of the what an easy thing to he a general
Hut you forget the nights of peril—you forget the carnage, the thirst, ami the them in the hilts of swords, in crowns. hungtir ihe wounds, and the long
and vnrennets. Queen tuarch. and that he plucked the gar
land of victory out of the stiff hand of
dca t h
sprung, the flowers are scattered, the brass hands play, and tlw* pe<>ple huzza,
» lh '
amen,
amen," the usual opening to a s»g»‘,fl
cant saying of Jesus reported only by
This is a
form from
exquisite beauty earth gather them together, and set
I hai ente ret h
lour we
double application of both "the door
h. Jesus, vers
i a ns
and v a ses Charlotte and Marie Antoinette boast-
Leo owned a pearl worth
Philip of
shepherd
ed of these eighty thousand crowns
, wort If fifteen the white topai of
Spain bought » gem thousand ducats. ^—
Portugal had an untold value King of Persia bought a gem
million six hundredt thousand llv-
belougitig to the
Vhe
worth
I'lie shepherd stands beside
one
res. The diamond Austrian coronet, lost in the battle of
Granson. had a whole fortune in it. Spain. France. Britain, boast of their jewels, and on coronation day are proud of the crown set on the brow of the enthroned mighty nations of the earth have all boasted of their costly gems, have guarded them with extreme vigilance, have rung them in the chime of their poets laureate, and have handed them down from age til age as an evidence of national wealth.
I'he
potentate
Just
The oriental
i
"Well, the Lord Jesus Christ, our King, has been gathering up his treasures for a good while, and great coronation day of the judgment he will, in the presence of the assembled universe, show that the good of all ages are his crown-jewels. "They shall he mine, saith the Lord of hosis, in that day when 1 mike up uiy jewels."
1 speak to you of the jewel-finding, the jewel-grinding, and the jewel-setting. It is a rare thing that a jewel is found on the surface of the earih. The heart of i he mountains is cut out to find it. Boring, blasting, and hugehanded machinery, make the rock open its list and drop the jewel. There are th «U auds of people who may be seen on thv shores of Ceylon and Coromandel. watching the divers who go out to get pearls. At the firing of a gun i he boats are low ered and the divers go down forty or fifty feet into t lie water, find the sb Ils containing ihc pearls, then rup on the side of the diving-bell as a signal that they are ready to return, and then the men at the top haul swiftly to the surface.
It is a rare (thing) that you) find gold on ihe surface; it is as thoroughly hidden as the pearls are. The miner must dig, and blast, and sweat, before he comes to it. So the Lord's jewels are hidden. Unco they were fur down in i he darkness, buried in trespasses and in sins. No human invention could reach them* No pearl was ever so far down in the water, no gold was ever so far down in the
earth, but the (grace of God came t,> thv work. I hut is a miner, and it can blast the ruck. There is a driver, and it can touch the hot tom of the i he Gospel of Jesus Christ went on. crushing down through this pride, and that sin. and this prejudice, pounding. and breaking, and washing, and sifting, until one day the gold flushed in the light of ihe Sun of Righteousness.
1 have been told that deeper the water the larger the pearl. 1 don’t know how that is, but 1 do know that from the greatest depths of sin the Lord Jesus Christ sometimes gathers up him brightest jewels. Paul was a persecutor, Bunyan was a blasphemer. John Newton was a libertine, the Earl of Rochester was an infidel ; and yet the grace of God went plunging through the fathoms of their abomination until it found them and brought them up to the light. Oh, there is no depth that grace cannot touch the bottom. All over the Dead Sea of sin covering the nations, God's diving-bells are busy ; all through the mountains of death, God’s miners are blasting. Where sin abounded, grace shall much more abound.
The geologist tells you that the brightest diamond is only crystallized carbon, or, am 1 might call it, charcoal glorified 1 and so it is with souls that were coal-black in the defilements of sin—by the power of God's grace they are made his jewels for ever.
You have noticed the great difference between jewels. Let not a Christian man envy another Christian man's experience. You open the king's casket, and you see jewels of all sizes, shai>es, and colors. The king says to the Sultan, who has come to visit him: "That is a topaz ! That is an amethyst! That is a pearl ; That is a koh-i-noor!'* So God's jewels are very different—different in taste, different in education, different in preference. Do not worry because you don't have the faith of that man, or the praying qualities of this or the singing qualities of another. It were as unwise as for a carne-lian to blusfc deeper because It is not a diamond or a jnponica to fret all the
on the
The application is to ministers
Hie
represent mg or his
He-
To him the
He knew Sim-
»ff
Am known of mine. Be-
Notice how these two verses are connected in the
(Ml
The Revised Ver-"one flock/' There
a
FOOLED IN A HORSE TRADE.

After the usual salutations
mounted
t une
some men were
that are not fit to be cloven divel steene—that is, devil stones.
There are those here who are almost ready for the kingdom ; one more turn of the wheel, one more shove of the harsh file, and they will be ready. God is testing in the presence of men and angels, whether you are paste diamonds or real diamonds. You know there is an artificial ruby, an artificial sapphire, an artificial emerald. Strauss, of Strasburgh, discovered that by taking silex, and potash, and borax and red-lead, he could make a ver> .good imitation of some jewels: but before that, Satan found out that he could imitate the Lord’s jewels. A composition of orthodox faith and of good works has made many a child of the devil look like a child of the Lord Nevertheless, borax, potash, ¦ilex, and red-lead are not jewels.
There is a way in w hich the lapidary tells whether a diamond is genuine or He breathes on it, and if the nger there it is a false di&-the breath immediately van-
<1 pthe of your sms w h el might grind you for the kingdom. that you may at last lia prer-pared for t hr great jewel-setting.
In Oolconda. if a slave find a diamond of extraordinary value, he lakes it up to the Government, and the Government gives him his lilierty. If
i
not
breath li m<>nd ; If
ish. it is a real diamond. Then he hue



L
X
(

V

V
###PAGE###7###
VICTORIA’S BEAR TAMER.
The Thom Comes Forth
A DOG BRIDAL ATTENDANT.
Careful attention to the smallest details enable uniform production
of quality and flavor. Try
44
A novel!j was introduced ata fashionable wedding in Baltimore a few d ij-t ago. There were neither maids of
The thorn point of disease h'.,uor “or ljrilJ,^m:udH t0 divid,! honors
with the bride, who entered the room accompanied l y her pet fox terrier "Jack," around whose collar were en-twinvd oruugf) blossoms and volumin-ouh streamers of white ribbon. During the ceremony "Jack” greeted the guests with a stony stare from vantage point at the bride's feet.
rte Qaeen «rallie» Her OraadCMldren mad Create* a New Title.
With Point Forward.
4P

¦k
During the recent visit of Queen Victoria to Balmoral, says the Chronik
dsr Zeit, the Queen was taking a drive I	or	But the
with her grandsons, the young Princes of Battenberg, when, nearing the gat «b of the park, they beheld a bear I whole body. Purify it With
s™pmu.
approach of the royal fcarriage.	Kidneys, liver and nt<»mjtch will at
Persuaded by the children, the once r,ePond T No lhorn in point.
Blood Poisoning—:m The surgeon said

lEVLON TEA
Lead packages.
blood is the feeder of the
25, 30, 40, 50 and boc.
OUR UNPARALLELED OFFER TO CANADIAN READERS.
hie
A MILLION DOLLAR | ! LIBRARY FOR $30.
T that c»»l over Sl.M.OOd ko prepare V #0 complet# thaï it outers the entire
I,
f* H hen become the slen'lard of ell English «peeking eeuotrlec of the world.
A LIBRARY eo compact that It »Ueee readily fore yen complete heowledge ef every eubjeet.
RESULTS WHICH SET HIS HAIR
when he took «ut the brsee shell received Ip .... ,	END.
,..	H-kEH 1^1"
zH"EHrirE"	i §E	Encyclopaedia Britannica,
proof that hia bear had had the dia- boll, .uBrr.d from «rrr. attack, of rl„„' j ' jtth",8Ul|,P"?ed maximum producing IN (33) THIRTY SUPERB SINGLE VOLUMES.
tinguiahsd honor of having danced We would not be without It." Wu. ll! and hitherto undreamt of yields be^ before the gracious eyes of Her Ltsrsa, ti> Leonard St., Fall River, Maes. come both possible and probable. I Majesty.	I /?	Ç	. *ÊÊ have from time to time seen results
*?	¦"	*“¦ JtoooJ àaUat>aMn	ï‘.7„.Sb7, %:
rather impudent request, but the	closed a big reserve of humus well
children prevailed upon her to accede _ w»——seasoned with phosphate.
taxxxer's wish.	~ Hwd s Fills ear* Hrtr Ills; tt» ¦•¦Irriutlng >nê M»-dressing of the
__ hy nut do it ? argued lut e j 5afi «aiharUo t# uke wiifc Hood's ÈerBeysrin^ Th«unas-Phosphate seems perfectly
Prince Henry. "Was there not a ------- well adapted. I do not know how far the
horse made Consn1 in Romet ’	"LITTLE PEACH."	lime of the phosphate may help, but
Well, tell me the name of the Em-	certain it is the clovers respond more
peroi who committed such folly," said This »« the name of a mysterious dis- luxuriantly to the Thomas-Phosphate the Queen, "and the bear shall gain ease at present affecting many peach than to any other application. I re£f?m,V<m "	,	, . orchards in southern Michigan. Its therefore have no hesitation in recoin-
weep*
Sont ham Farmers' Club, by Frank 'vallis, Agricultural Instructor.
carriage stopped and watched with much pleasure the performance of the bear. She sent the footman with a

THE CHEAT HOME LIBRARY.
30 DAY OFFER.
novtr Di\,jpfj0lflI
For this
clovers
the

MB. COLB ENDORSES
<
anoe Ï crop until paid. J. Mulhall, Sioux City, la.
W F C 962
$1.”
Entire Set Delivered on Payment of Only
¦alanre payable In Sixteen Monthly Payments of #2.0# eaeh.

Regu ar Pries of Thle Superb Set,
SITered for 3# lays at #30 Oash, er #33 on Monthly Payment».
BINDINGS. —The volume» are handsomely and durably bound in genuine cloth binding, double binged, with flexible back, on good qualily kook piper.
THIS MEW EDITION of the popular Allen Reprint I NO RIHK. - The met may b# retarred to ni any lime #f thie famous work le supplied w.tb a	jwitt.in ten days. If net satisfactory, and tke money will
«W 06MPL.TE APPENDIX VOLUME	KUSiSTilOW ... Uk. .d„UU„ of thi.
In mlditini to our ex• nustive American Supplement cl ance to eecert- tt.is uariraled fund of universal know "his appendix volume takes m cry important title in tke edge
•'«" »'• ¦	" -r.«. f.rfuller ,.r«,ou,.r,
xmtiins al»n 62 New Maps, Including the new Govern I tnent map of Klondike, Hawaii, (’ub*. Thus, with our lupplnmertal volumes, the Britannic» becomes the latest as well as tbs greatest.
ABSOUTTELY OOM PLETK. —This edition contains •very one of the 6,000 illustrations, 700 maps, and 25, articles found m the original, and while at less m e third the price, it la equal to the revised original edition.
Consider the advantage of a family which has three volumes over one which has not, or which has a cheap, three or four volume, unreliable,so called encyclopaedia.
When Information Is wanted by parents or children, here It Is close at hand, and above all it ir reliable The members of the family bee- me accustom- d V - refer to Its pages ; in a few years they pos ess a fund of knowledge worth many times the price of the work.
CALVKRT’S
PARRIED.
Conductor hastily—Dow old is that child t
The Report of His Cure of Rheumatism
Carbolic •ielnfeotame. Soaps, Ointment. Teeth fowkors, etc. hare boon
Young Mother in.lignuotly-I* I	5':%l”,'%%%
By Modd's Kidney	Pill* Wise» Every Oflirr	look	old	enough	to have a child old ou* diseases. Ask your dealer te obtain a
Tr ed Remedy	Had Smiled—Bis «’a*e	enough	to	pay	fare	?	eni'ply. Lists mailed free on application.
was Exceptionally Severe Bel Quickly ________—	p. Qs CALVERT A CO.,
Yielded l«i Ik odd * Kidney rill*.	MANOHEETEII. . ENELAND
Windsor, March 6,-Mr. F. G. Cole. ¦imlW'flU’Jinfttflll	*	___
W,la reported in thu Can»- ¦ I.IllZÿ,[if]	Mj f 'j J*	We w»nt^"M,°EN,V, Poultry, ,tc.
dlan nt w.-papers,	last week, was met	Ship to u*f and you will h*vo your cRuh in a
by a friend on the street, a couple of	____ _____ week or in-» THK AlivKNHH.AD PKODUCK
•venings ago.	MARKED ATTENTION.	CO., bS Front Ht.. K . Toronto.
"Hello! Is this
Thomas phosphate*
HENRY O. ALLEN A CO., 180 Fifth Ave.,New York
Gentleman :	/ desire tn take advantaoe of
your apteial offer on the Encyclopedia Brit arnica to Canadian reader a, and inclose initial payment. Send full pa lara, and if found satisfactory I will the set, paying for it in monthly payments of $".00 ; otherwise the money to be returned to me.
MARKED ATTENTION.
true that 1 have
$1.00 as
rticu• order
.	,.	,	¦ HiS attentions to you have been I 6'*10* Poultry Crlt IF th-* he*t dgenter In the market,
been reading about you being cured of marked have they not? «aid the vmimr I LAURKNTIan hand * oravkl Co., Montrai.
Rheumatisin. by Dodd's Kidney Pills?” woman a experienced friend.
..... O,,....,.. prviA~„,urfbii’p?.'»;,.ul“ ""
I should never have permitted it to be
published," answered Mr. Cole. *	I	I niiTTiun	Tudor* #mi Dr###
"And did Dodd’s Kidney Pills really La ToSOBfia. lOo. «RUANCR CIGAR VU I IINU OunUUL-\lakers ie,1d forçat
cure you, or was it your doctor’s medi- I	FACTORY. Monueal. | slugus. C. & D. SCHOOL CO.. Montreal,
cine?
l:s
ttian
MONTREAL
The “ Balmoral," Free Bue JfbJ-
Cure aasured in 34 hours, a news
HENRY C. ALLEN A CO,, Publishers. 150 Fifth Awe., New York.
Rheumatism
on receipt of #1. DR BOUliY, P.O
EUROPE'S OLDEST COLONY.
1 was taking no doctor’s medicine.
llieieiaK,—
cure* me. But though one or two of toouriacolo in onfdav —-13St. John sc. il#»ireel.
them gave me a little temporary re- fee# Leuiite Brew# oeisiee Tablet». ah Dm*-lief, none went anywhere near curing <lete refund tbe mouey if it r»de lu «me. He. me.
«f
I « ci tic, Ff-nt by mail Box 365, Montreal.
Avood* Photo. Engraving 3,
ps J. L. Jones LngCnm
"6 «10 ADELAIDE 5TW TO RON TOT
V.» a* Jim lift -	. > t ^'V?1
AA OF OUR STUDENTS have recently taken g «<>d **F situations, end four posit,on» remain until led.


II
POULTRY KEEPERS- Silica PoultryCrlt
STRATFORD, ONT. We teach real busin tat ion or n<*u sense In fair competition our graduates ere nearly alwaye o-ioien. Business men appreciate our work. Best Commercial School in Canada. Enter now. Circulars free.
no irai-
cylinder
su oie
OILS
CATALOGUE FREE
0. M. GRIM, Mfg Co., Montreal.
W. J. ELLIOTT, Principal.
I	BP	__	m	Cnnlnp
rr. SS»-B
aver I bought a box. and began°To a f TervTe'^aml‘are	FREE	| Csrmanla Oil Co.,
use them.	pointments as supervisors of the rail- .and grow hair on halcf heads. Dr Whites New Hiar
"I soon began to feel easier. My way stations. They receive reports grower Ce>. Chicago and Montreal.
sleep came back; the terrible pains from conductors, answer questions in vanished and four boxes of Dodd's German and English, call out trains M Kidney Pills made my cure complete in the waiting rooms, ring the station J# and thorough. I cannot speak too bell at the departure of trains, and _j
mimm
gagetnen.	,--------------—
lord
IlfGOrStOO!
without medicine or si pente te the
mufti du-»r i«i - d .St-.nuch, Lue#», Nenwe, Liver, Blevd, H adder. Kidneys, B/sia end Breath )y
HEALTH RESTORED
cosior
134 Bay 8t, Toronto
Du Barry's
Revalent* Arabica Food,
which Saves Fu valid* a .d OllCdien. aud alro Keen eue* cet-fully Infant# whi.si- Al!u.ents *u*l Dah.llty have r* S'ftrd all • th-r treatments. It digest# when ail other Food la rejected, saves VI times its cost la medicine
Success. 100,001 Annual Cyree of Count.pa-tins, Flatulency. Dyspepsia, Indigeeiloo, Coueuiuptlen, Dubete-. Rretchine. In flu e*»sa, 0 egh* Asthma, Cata'ib. Fhiegus, Diarrhoea, Nervous Debility, Sleeple#a«,#se, Despondency,
QTAMMERERS.
¦1 Sftftïïïrjisrs arûissi V/Mwr«^rS?! m
• Pembrefc# St, Toronto, On ‘
I
»	“ BEAVER BRAND ** Mackintosh
L never hardens A is guaranteed Waterproof. Ask f r It,take no other. He*” ver Rubber Clothing Go* Montreal,
50 Years
COMMERCIAL
REPORT FILE
, Du Barry & Co.,
S“iriS !P£SHsriH!
122 sod 1*4 Bey 8t.. Toronto, Barry e Revalent# Biscuits, in tins. 3s. Id »»d 6a. Factory : New Market. .________
*
Mills. Mills A Mai
Barrisiers.etc., removed to Wenley Bldg*., Rich* round UL W.. Toronto.
LAW
MENU CARDS.
The menu cards now seen are generally made of china, on which the dif- I w,th I^UAL APPLICATIONS, as they can
SIP
much of the restaurant and a bill of ,loe; It la composed of the best tonics known. IP wshi# ship them to
Th. 0.^ Cbmm^ C , LWt«4
which the written cards can be slipped I produces such wonderful results in curing
sras&rvs fir.- æt s I tT.S'gS*®** »
Hall's Family Pills are the beet.
Catarrh Cannot be Cured
New Tiros
First ilas guMky-
EITHER SINGLE or DOUBLE TUBE. Only a few left. Money must aocomp.iny order.
WM. B. NORTHAM, - Toronto.
$5
pe; -
P;-| HEALTH RESTORED ÏSSJTffîB
9 1 most disordered Stomach, L ings, Nerves. Liver. Blood, Bladder, Kidneys. Brain and Brea k by
I
, EOOS <h PaULTRl
Revalenta Arabics Food,
which Saves Invalids aud Children, and also Rears suol pes-fullv Infants whose Ailment# and Debility have resisted all other treatments. It digests when all other Food is rejected, saves 50 times its cost In medicine.
Invariable Success. 100,000 Annual (hires of Constipation. Flatulency, Dyspepsia Indigestion, Consumption. Diabete*. Bronchitis, InSu-saza, O.ugh* Asthma, Catarrh, Phlegm, Diarrhea*, If t-rvons Debility, Bleepleeasees, Despondency,
Du Barry & Co., Sr
| London, W., also in Paris, 14 Rue de Oastlglion, and I at all Grocers, Oh—lsts, and Stores everywhere, in tins; la., 3., H. 6»., S.b., 14m. Sent carriage free. Also Du Barry Revalenta Biscuit a. in tine, 3a 61 and 6*.
Agents for Cauad* : The T. Eaton Co.. Limited, Toronto*
Du Barry’s
-1 HARRIS BUYS
LEAD
Especially those who hire failed to he cured elsewhere, welle te Ur Arnett, Berlin, who will eonvtnoe you he can care y c
COPPER BRASS
William SL, Toronto
Stammerers
50 Years
business-like to be ire keeping with a well-appointed social dinner table.
SCRAP
MEXICO'S NEW TARIFF.
Wholesale only
Long Distance Telephone 1729.
TO OU* READERS.
Mexico's new tariff, which went in-
ry£jç/Wl5E^oTHÉl* KNOWS
^	THE VALUE OF	--
The editor desires to inform readers that he is authorized, through the courtesy of N. C. Poison & Co.,
Kingston, Ont., to offer each one euf- I ponent parts from 20 cents to $1 per ing from catarrh, fetid breath, bron-l kilogram, Children's tricycles with-chitis, etc., a simple outfit of Catarr-1 out rubber tiros must pay 25 cents hozone. Catarrhozone is a liquid per kilogram instead of 20 cents, as which, when inhaled, reaches every J now. diseased spot, cleansing and invariably ¦¦ curing catarrh and all nasal and throat diseases. For a short time these samples will be given free, to cure, address.
his
to effect on March 1, raises the duty on bicycles of all kinds and their com-
L. COFFEE & CO.,
Establish IMA
CRAIN AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
¦•erne *08-11 Beard.ef Trade Building,
TO HON TO. ONT.

I
if
•L
\S A PARTURIENT MEDICINE.

L A
- r j.uwm
John L. Co» fa
&
A -
<Jf7?us	|| GATARRH
sit* ihÀcrfL/ jUtvfl/
HARTFORD
TIRFS
It never fails So write at once to the above

and MAY PBVER Per
ntly Cared by
— *-• — j ___ m
on 00(41
William Zeigler, of New York, has purchased the Royal Baking Powder Company, the Cleveland Baking Powder Company, the New York Baking Powder Company, the Price Baking Powder Company and others, at prices aggregating something over $10000" 000. A new combination will be capitalized at $20,000,000.
V
f *
ÿbfUAVs
•* V*
r. Ray e Svooeesfm I
Pr^*eyyDtM?OB>t
CL
i pat ion Pills always cure.
the most nutritious.
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL—COMFORTING,
OiUy, £fU*ns mU itefuf Q Q Q Q A
Û	'	BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
/ Inner >
61 Maltese
Cross "
< Tubes, y
Many people suffer with catarrh un tli It becomes ehronic, because they do
% % sæüs sa I euu*
to be convincing. Send fifteen cents
to cover cost of mailing outfit. Dr. PvV'a Successful Remedy Co, Toronto.
" 3* tùfl.
Il#





7

36
###PAGE###8###

Remember—
BUY
Jas. B00jcl1 Case$
*
KELLY’S HALL,
CAMPBELLS’ BAY,
. PATRICK'S DAY-IH. i Boils Cohuni
THE LEADING BOOSE"
Hon pull-out
Perhaps
Pitted with
V0
Bows
the

i 7
It’s wotth mentioning that our N« w Spiiug TwttnU are all in and ready to You net d not buy one from us
%

ST

shew
Il is better to SERVE the public than
to CHEAT It.
It is better to make .« I'RIEND of a customer than a VICTIM.
It Is better to HELP one’s patrons than to HURT them.
What is fair and just to the CONSUMER is best in the long run for the STOREKEEPER.
THIS STORE IS RUN ON THESE
PRINCIPLES.
f you think it ton early ; hut if you
now i
l,.nk uur assortment over it may be easier for you to decide where y- u will purchase
suit later ou
A'In It" whet a
Reserved Seats, !tf> ta.
Children loci a
I
We have no
spring — fear but that you w*H come to us, fur un questionably and with -ut any intention of boasting, the assortment and quantity Bhew and have in stock would do creme rehaut tailor in one of the
notice.
?

litis
Given at Hij *-on tht» 27lh day *>i I’eluuai>
IVI
we
m	1 In the enormou»
TÙO becret % butine*# done by
of success î
dit to any cities.
A. ït. McGUIRE,
I'M*
F. C. 1»» ZOUCHK.
President
OOOD*W Y2T
The Tailler.
Is it) always having the RIGHT Qf>on8 at the RIGHT timk and at. the RIGHT
Our cusioimra know that
5
Notice of Mooting.
¦¦¦¦¦¦I
tht y can always gel just what they
want hero. The Fall and Winter of 1898 will not find
The Watchmaker,
AHM'KIOIC, OXT.

tesSSs»H,|;
l,r< aching season's w orlt ' II Interest* tl art
J t s. AttM - I K nMl,
|‘l L'htih lit
season
us behind the mark. Every department is now filled with only the beet goods desirable f r a Canadian winter—Comfortable Furs, C nib rt— able Clothing Comfortable Bedding, etc., vie., aid the pi icon are as near right as the combined efforts of ready money and years of experience can possibly make them.
FOa
REMARKABLY
CHtAP____
Tlic Bnîilo All-Steel Disc Harrow
Green I<a e, Match 6th,

Tilts Is the only Disc Harrow made or sold In Vanad*, having Independent, adjustable spring pressure upon the Inner ends ol the .	.
gang tl'scs, allowing any amount of pressure ea ny conn	.	.
to be thrown upon the Inner ends of Hie latwr of Thotnus Fraser he atm is hereby
.....L"................ I no Dm. oeoa.
depth. Kxamlne this Machine carefull> ami compare ll With others

. o)i11 Stewart, that the road
r

Carried.
Moved by conn. John Stewart, sec ondtid by conn. John Smiley, that road division No Hi, be and is hereby added to the road division of Alex. C. Cameron, No. I Hi.—Carried.
Moved by cmm. John Stewart, second -
A. Hudgins, that the
X

Department#
¦>
go to
CmiÈilso i k M«
mi
m®
This department is filled with the latent novelties in plain and fancy Black tioudJ. ranging from 25 cents per yard to $1 50 per y aid. Colored Cashmeres and Serges in all the definable colors for this season's wearing.
Scotch and French Plaida in great variety, from 10 cents to 60 cents per yard.
The No. 12 Cultivator
MM

ï
18 \ MAHVKL OF BÜCCF>8. The onl\
* oil I valor made that both line* of teeth will rut nn even depth In the ground Kzsmnn I otl })V n>un. W
whhV double VoT Hi set Jo ’that \ b e°an g le ni following persons Ik* and are hereby ap-the iveih can he r< ituiaird to *ult any condi- pointed road inspectors for the ensuing lion of soil. Pressure ©»n be regoMed to f	1\,rru»il
art differ ntly on every section requiring U. tenu.- t -n i ku.
Tin* treth are OMi rled between ihe wheela In ItoAl) INSVKCTOHS.- No. I, IP llussell;
box when required. It has rwen-lblu <llu 5 Hubert Harris; 0, NVni. Bennett;
iïniïiï. Alonz, .Draper; 8 Simon Hurl ht; V. Examine It and you will buy no other. | James Warren; 10, John Carson ;	11,
Joseph Slv ; 12, John G. Elliott ; 13, John
The best Drill Made. 15®
added to No. .‘Hi; 17, E. T. Brownlee; 18,
over 4*.,<X0 Drill* and Hecderso our manu- I Win. limllay; facture in use In Canada. The only Drlh Hubert McDowell; 21, W. .1. McDowell;
w„, a. a™*™; ». 1^,
while learn la In motion Howk absolute!* H origins, (Wins;)	r rancis Wilson,
eon vet toacale; saves seed, as every kernel 04 fpiU)1,ms B. Wilson; 25, Win. (I. Me
^“Slha t,TJndr $o5 wliî	Dowell ; 2(1, Wm. (’. Hudgins; 27, Robert
We a a • manufacture Binders. Reapers Corrigan; 28, W. B. Armstrong; 2B, .^îd n'Hie I^ir Cultivator, and Pulpers, as pet<jl. Brownlee; 30, W. C. Horstield; 31,
" s/mj* lor Illustrated catalogue.	| John Smart; 32, George Dagg; .13, John
Armstrong, (W. B s;) 34, Edward Smiley; 35, Peter McLean; 36, Alex. C Cameron; 37, James Telford, )R’s;) 38, Thus. Dale, Shaw ville; 39, Samuel Richardson; 40, John Richardson, 6th range ;	41.
« . ,	« «	.	, John Strutt, jr.; 42, Edward Hudgins
brat day of June next.	Bros. ;	43, Thomas Kades, Win. s; 44,
Moved by conn. Hender.cn seconded Wm j Hic!uml»„n; 45, Thon. Bides,
HE tâêùp'Z
tts-	w- J"h“
warden . , ggg.	.... Kl<*
the county asking the Council to inatruc g Stevenson*
thm, valuator, to value all property in L:; Wm D(ll’e; 6ti, John E. Jones; «7, he mm.icipvhty at it. .ctuil value m Jan|e8 McLaren; «18, given to Neil Mo futu e, instead of at a percentage as here Lejm; Rol)lirt j)^, Shawville; 70,
,<lf_,rd* , ,	«i j	James Workman; 71, given to Neil Me-
Moved by coun. Henderson, «conded	div . 72_ u(ldell t„ Verney Earles’;
by corn.. Kelly, and resolved that the	j h s,y; 74 James Smith, till.
valuators be ln.tructed to value all pro-	e; 75, Wm. Palmer; 7«, J. Albert
perty in thia municipality at its ac.usl Tejf((rd; 77, Alex. Smart; 78, Richard
value when the next valuation is made Richardson, Yarn,; 7!>, Put. Cunui Moved by coun. Morris, «0. b, <»un. ^	8() John ,, D;lgg. 81) Wln
Henderson, and resolved that this Coun- Bmwn. g2 j()hn McDowell, (Oco.’s).
ctl endorse the memorial passed by the p(|UN|| Kek1,KU8._ Henry Wallace,
C 'unty Council of the County of Pontiac Q Towell, Alonzo Draper, W. B.
at its session held on the 14'h day of De Hod inN jamea Telford, (R.’s) James T.
camber, 1898. petitioning the Hon., the g	Thomas Dean, Robinson Mod-
Minister of Public W. rks at Ottawa to
rebuild the ioterpruvincial bridge at
Portage du Fort.
M.iVtitl by coun. Hendeeson, seconded 1 y coun. Lucas, and resolved that tin Secretary advenue for tenders for tin g of the shed at the old town hail onto Hie lot buck of the present t«*w«.
Tenders to be left with the Sucre tiny on Hr before the first day of June
Tlieir stock will hr found 1 «1 rgc and second to none in
the county.
\Ti
,


Mirrored Sideb >ard« from So >Kn t1 P•
Cupboards from £3 50 up.
Extension Tables from #4 00 up.
3 piece Bedroom Suits from $7 00 up
Double Beds from $ 1.45 u
articles too numerous t" menu n ;it
like value.
;\
<,
W<* have nothing • old to. . show you
In the Silk £
Department i


«
The Booster floods So Introduction.
and other
New, fresh goods of all the latest patterns in Blouse Silks and Colored brocades
II
m
19, Roliert Hoblw; 20,



*- . T tr . «	—
In the Staple Department -
OFFICE AND SHOW ROOMS— —A. R. SMILEY’S BUILDING
w. WILSON, Agent
Shaw ville, Oi e
>
s‘s ,1i wEi i t:m S
You will find an extensive range of Canadian and English Hannellettee front 4 cents to 15 cents per yard.
1
Next 1> mk r



Main St., - • Shawviile.
UNDERTAKING
NOXON BROS. MFC. CO., (Limited)
INGERSOLL, ONT,, CAN ADA
Blankets and Comforters - -
Aa usual this Branch of our business is equipped with all mceisary supplies including the best embalming appliances.
Bristol Council
( We have never shown such | a line of White and Gray I Blankets and Comforters.
Minutes of regular suasion of the Mu* nictpal Council of the Township • f Bristol, held in the Town 11 1' <>n Monday, thet» h day of March, 1899. Present — R Gralnni, M iym ; Councillors, l lender* s>n. Smiley, K -lly, Lucas and M *rri«.
Mmutes « f l ist session of t he C iivicil
PPLI«- \TION will hr made at.the nvxi m'mIod oi ! he I'aril.niien i oi Canada by t tv 1‘imnav Tael lie Junction K il way
el to exit nd llie t line lor com
A
oi
pain lor an meneiiiK "iid eomp etlng its exten-lons tu-reaifv authoriz d: (i) from Its present t< r* minus ai W illliaiii lo saull sin Mane via Pembroke, (2) imm its ntvsenl terminus at Wall n un lu a non ti westerly direr Ion to a pot ut In U». Comity of 1*.»nt lac, and (8) from ils i»rt rfenVterm*huh at Aylmer to a pouil in Hull, and thence over ltin Ottawa river to Olliwa ; and alao lor uimmencing and completing ihe bridge* authorized l<> he <• ui Ktriiet* d over th * ui taw i Kivernt Allumette In slid ; and I r pownr to buiîil b anches from Its iintin line and e\i» usions ; ai d I r other mirposes
63, Thus 66, A1
Ladies Woollen Underwear...
59, Thomas
61, Wm 62, John Grant; 63, D. 64, James Smith, II. s. ;
read
f
with, or without sleeves, ribbed or plain, all sizes. The latest novelties in Ladies Wool, Cashmere and Kid Gloves.
M »vv«l hy coun. tlcnd «rson, seconded by c-uip. Luc K aivl resolved that the minutes ns rend be adopted.
Moved by coun. Kelly, seconded by coin. Smi'ey ni d resolved that r*»ad ii -spector Jol n S on y be instructed to re build the bridge on creek on Calumet road, on I t eleven, on whatever plan he • liinks best, and to take whit cedar he r*quires for tho work from the town hall.
A.FKRGUSON, Solivifur for* id Com pa y D «tid this 2viti da> of January, iS'.tt.
The Clothing Department# •
X COM PAGNIE ir hem In de fer Pon-Uhiî el Jimei o n «tu I* «ciflque s'adre-M'r « au parlement <lu Canad,, iX sn pinch «lue st-MtUoi. a tin d'owenlr un acte prorogent! I le* délais pour commencer cl compléter *«•> prolongement* «IvjiX autorisés—(1) «le son terminus «ciu d iX Waitham J-isqu'au ShuH Salute-Marie via 'em broke, (J) de son terminas actuel il Waltham dans une dlrecilon iSford-ou st Jusqu'il iiu point, d *n le rouit C* de Pontiac et ci) do son terminus actuel .1 A vl mer Jusqu'A m polni dans Hull, et <1 « ;a sur la Mvivre («ttawa jusqu'il Ottawa ; et au al oour commencer ol coin n éier les ponts dont la eons ruction est autorisé* sur la rtv-é e oiiHwaiX l’Iîe aux Ailumetle-, et pour pourvoir d construire «les branches de lm ligne • rli -i . i ¦ de ces « éteuuatloris ; < pour d’au res fins
w
L
Confidence in the clothing department whs established long ago, but will be largely increased when you see the well made, neat.fitting stylish-looking suits we are selling
at 85-00, 80.00 $8 00 and 810 00
Men»' fall overcoats, ? qual to tailor-
made, at $5 00 to 810.00. Men's
underwear in all biz-s and qualities, and at the very lowest prices.
nf:
Moved by cou i. Kelly, seconded by coun. Lucas and resolved Hint the E piity'* tender to publish the proceedings of this Counc.l and lie annual cash account fm mx dollars per annum be accepted.
Moved by coun. Smiley, seconded by coun. Hemtvison and resolved that Dr. S ewart's account f >r two trips for 13 »ard of Health be paid forthwith.
A petition was laid before the I# »ard by diaries D «rrion, who is soon to h ive .•« -aw and grist mill in operation on 1<>; 11 range eight, on Quyon Hiver, and ask* hat he he exempt from t«xei for ten years Moved by coun. Kelly, sec -tided hy cut i M »rrn and .resolved that the petition be granted.
Moved o> e mo. Henderson s»tc «ruled by c un Morris an 1 resolved thit th Council adjourn for one hour.
Meeting resumed, same members pre
gin»
Valuators. — David Russell, Alex. Workman and John Grant.
Auditors.—James R. Horner and E. W. Hodgins.
Rural Inspectors.—James C. Armstrong, Peter McLean, R. XV. Ralph, Henry 13. Hodgins.
Board ok Health — Richard Dagg, Wm. Corrigan, Wm. Rides, II. Il K lock M. 1)., Medical adviser.
Moved by coun. John Stewart, sertmd-ed hy coun. W. McDowell, that Wm. Barber be paid his bill, 84.(W, for plank and sa vying cedars.—Carried.
Moved by coun. John Stewart seconded by W. A. Hodgins, that Wm. Smart, Bemsley Smart and any others who have not moved their fences according to Rural Inspector, Wm. Rades* instructions that they be
prosecution for refusal.—Carried.
Moved by coun. John Stewart, seconded by coun. W. C. McDowell that whereas it is deemed necessary that a Commissioner's Court be established in the village of Shaw ville, that this Council do hereby recommend the names of three persons to the Shaw ville Council; that the Shaw ville Council do proceed to have the appointments ratified, the names submitted as follows, to wit Hugh Hobbs, Humphrey Lang, both of the villag Shaw ville, and Thomas Craig of township of Clarendon.—Carried.
At this juncture the Council adjourned
H. Matrkkon,
Sec. -Treasurer.
The Deleeacies of the Table#
Are all to be found here in the Pink of Perfection.
Groceries |
A. FERGUSON,
Soil ettfur Je la (Rte compagnie Da' û ce 2> Janvier ismi.
m -vm
h.ol


II
f
m*x
i
Morrn, seconded hy
M.ived by coun coun. Bend' ratio, ai d resolved that tli
I
Boots and Sheas

V,

C »u*-cd d
A. XV McKkchnis,
S c re ; a i y - V i va. u re r.
ow K<ijourn
Pniiac Pacific JobcIiob lit.
E. Graham, Mb) or
You'll be glad if you do and sorry if you don t visit our shoe department, and get our prices on all up-to-date woods. Our store is tilled from floor to ceiling with the very latest in Fall Footwear, for ladies and children, men and boys. Our stock is admired by all. Our sales are large, a d this year will be a record breaker.
sent
A communication was 1 ml before th** Board from XX m Weir asking that he h* renumera’vd to t ho amount of eight d«»’-lars for digging a drain on him own pro per^y :o accommodate James Doherty Moved by coun. Kelly, seconded b> Coun. Henderson and resolved that th matter be hid over until next session if Council
A letter from road inspector Riclmn McCuffrey, was laid before the Bond aekmg for fifteen cedars f »r his road lie -¦ion, also c >mp aioit g that the road ot
lot 13, 7< h r « « ; l: » • h i
the fence?, ai.cl htkti that# the r.-ad b widened to the necessary width i f for$>
feet.
o
Clarendon Council
Official Time Table :
AM.
P.M
Town hall, Shawville, March 6th, 1899. Regular session of the Council this day. Members present—Mr. Mayor Thomas MuFarlane; Councillors=John Stewart, XV. A. Hcxlgins, James Robinson, W. ('. McDowell and John Smiley.
Minutes of last meeting read.
Moved by W. A. Hudgins, seconded by conn. John Smiley, that the minutes of last meeting as now read, be and are hereby confirmed.— Carr ied.
Moved by coun. W. C. McDowell, sec mded by coun. James Robinson t luit tin* road labor of John Greenshields, Tracey Bros, and George Seaman on the eighth range be and is hereby given to the road division of James Smith on the seventh range, for this year.—Carried.
Moved by coun. John Smiley, second-
Aylmer
t Breckinridge
f Kuril ley
Parker’* «'rousing t Mohrs tin yon Wyman’s ? Tank Bristol McKh ’m Shawville Clark 'a
Campbell’s Pay ?Tank Î Vinton Cou'onge Mellon's Wall hum
•Flag Station. tTank. VFlag Station
Arrive H 45
5.45 Leave
notified to do ho and save
S 21
s »
601
f.O i b go
at
4.12

6.18
4«
8 28
8 «I 8 22
Ml

8.37
« a
« a
A 47
14
» «
6.56
*a
8 08
6 58
• - THE LEADING HOUSE - -
• 4
8 02 7 52 7.81 7.18 7. Hi 7.06
«I
7.04
• 6
7.26
• 6
7.45
• I
8.00
• I
E. S. DOWD, • - ¦ OUT OK.
is
• 6
9*8
narrow fi« tee»
• •
6 «
8.12
6 54
«.90
• 4
« HO
»
4 4
8.47
Leave C.;0
a.55 Arrive
e of
the
M< ?ei l*y ccuti. Morris, seen did fi 5o u n. Henderson and resolved that tli occupant of lot 13, range 7 beiio’if» P. W. RESSEMAN,	to remote his fences, leaving » dis'anr
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT j Let WCCD of ,rOri.J feet Utl ur Ltf ft‘ th*
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
/
r
i

x J

V
l

J

