###PAGE###1###
/
No. 26. 20rn Year.
J5H AW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, DEC. 11, 1902.
11.00 a Year is Adtakce.
MWK OFOTTAWA , lEfiCEiMTS' MI
J. Lawson, Veterinary Surgeon, will be PJctnre framing done on the shortest In Campbell s Bay on 10th, 11th, 12th, of |notice «t	Imison b Pboto Studio
this month, and treats all disease# pertain Ing to horse# and cattle.
Toth for the little folks—all kinds and Stall prices. Come In and see our im-tnennc stock
Mead OHIee: . Capita! paid up
OTTAWA, L’AHADA
W. T. Eabl.
Comr*cnoMBHT—The finest aw wo it m c n t ever shown In Shawvllle. You will roias It If you buy your Xmas supply amining our choice stock,.	w.
#,**,**
07 CANADA.
Meet
1.7W.0W
- H. Tu b bee, Shawvtllc, pay# the highest price for hides, calfskins and pelts.
before exT. Earl.
Board of Dirtetor» :
Charlu Maori, Esq., President. GBonus Bay, ihq. .Vice-President.
Bon. Oso. Brybgm, Ja.
A LSI. Fraixh. Eng ,
A Xmas Present
- $6,000,000.
D»... *oa,«fi££“L“"’ ¦**’ I RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
CAPITAL
Grr One—Call at Stewarts Boot and |line this 1902.—Carried.
2S4?StiT1	«ft52S
The Pontiac Advance of last week con- are instructed that where owners of wood tained announcement* of the death of Mr. or aturnp fences neglect to keep the win-John A mm, of South Onslow, aged 63 ter roads passable, the said Road Inspecteurs, from the effects of injuries received tor will keep them clear at the expense internally from a vicious ram ; also of of the owner of the obstruction ; and that Mrs Catharine Morrissey, oue of (jie old- the Secretary-Treasurer is now oidered to est residents of North Onslow.	send a copy of this resolution to all Road
Still'.In Machine Bhhmsm.-G. A. ,n2^«>lrTL"^muBicipality.—Carried.
Money tr.n.hrred to .11 p.n. of the world. |	, iTZt's be* ro"n' J««'« Wilim that Wm. Grant lie
sassssstor:
Account, opened for amount, of one dob I many are under the impression, given up w ent. i l" ”unle,B",.lV*
HH3S== immm
Intelligence was received in town en lof sale and cost of Lot 8. W. half of ‘26 Manager. | Thursday evening of the death of Mr. on the 11th range, sold to Mr. Prender-
Walter Won ill, one of the pioneer set- gast by mistake, inst ad of it be ng sold tiers of Bryson, In his young days de- to this council.—Carried, censed was an export river man, and was Moved by coun. Win. liodgins see. by sis ) a noted hunter and trapper. He was	coun. Thus. McDowell that the Sec •
something over 80 years of age, and his	Treas retain the |20 promised to John
departure marks the oblitérât on of the	Grant to help to open his sideline on the
whole family, son, wife and daughter	condition that John Grant may close the
having all predeceased him.	old road on tho 1st of May next and open
Mmdey ïnd telyV,,,,tea tHe CSP,Ul "" wimMweV.'nd'‘oS* awto* b"5 gJe^in The Klhÿ'^ZhûfohTsmrkl J110 tofu^cil wU1 receive tenders for
n endloHA variety »t the Drug Store.	-|am=e Smith that the bill" otJohS
The young men of town have started a	I Stewart and Lionel Liodgins be paid the
Ma ï«»v, ïnd propoM. r.EO.,io| lo	Firewood,	-h„h	...	prettr	want	.	mtor^tol	.“îr.n'l.'.pîc'l.S""v
Sudbury.	'	fe*	*,	*	^	coming	into	town	in	jf our frionda would be kind enough to	peases. Each of the parties interested
Dr. S. It Martin, Surgeoni Dentist, Of hberal quantities these days.	hand it in. This is a time when farmers to be charged $1.00 and B. Workman
Hrvson	17th!	We	have a very	nice stock of	Photo	are converting their surplus produce of	$2.00. Measurement as follows :	John
CnnmbelVs Bav 18th and	Cou longe	19th.	Frames and Albums.	Do not fail	to	see	all kinds into cash for good prices,	and	‘Stewart, 269 reals ; Lionel liodgins, 165
.	.	, ,	I them before buying.	when settling up the year’s business with i r(Kt8 i ben Workman, 99* rods ; E. Jones
Most of our merchants and business	The Drug Store. the merchants and tradespeople they rods ; A. Angus, 188 rods; H. B.
menare presenting their	customers	with	.	should n t forget the trifling amount	they	Hudgins 186 reals,
handsome calendar* for the approaching	Dr.	A. Lyon, D.	D. G M , left	on I	e t^e prjnter We are just in	the	Moved by .las Wilson sec. by	Thoe.
year—1903.	Monday to pay his ofhcial viMfc to the kumor now for devoting a day or two in McDowell that we adjourn to meet on
,5rs,t
the 22nd. Don t miss its Ijmd i it	vf officers for Pontiac lodge
will be one of the most important events	_
of the seas nv Now that winter has apparently come
######
exceptionally busy.	|	*ïlor ^wee^;
#.##
Sunday night	st	'• bappdy untrue The “fc.	m
_ }	*	...	.	„ young man waa somewhat injured, but.
For an Xmas gift what, belt*^than Was euabled to raach home last week. unlay morning.	,
_A 1 pheto of yourself or your family,	I wonder who the young men were who
Never mind thejwaather, conie efrlyin the The Arnprlor and Renfrew poultry while going to the party the other day. Place your order at once and avoid fairs recently held fell considerably abort iDg let their way in the field* I If you
of the expectations of the promoters, not are anxious to know ask the school H. I meow	I through aay fault of theirs, however, but ter.
A concert will be held in the Town I OT?deet1/ owing to the fact that poultry I hear there are to be several weddings Hall Portage du Fort, Dec. 88, in eon I****? md not materialise, or that the m the near future. I hope B— won't neetion with the Presbyterian Church. | quantity this year is comparatively small, forget to invite	Roeiarn.
Refreshments will be served during the evening. _ Admission : Adults, 26cts.; children, 16ote.
Next Sander, Dec. 14, the Rev. J. L.
Flanagan, of Montreal, will commence a ' series of Mission services in St RauVe church. The mission will continue dur ing the week and conclude on the follow» ing Sunday.
Head dice, • Montreal.
0*0 RO* BURN, D. M. PJNN1E
SPECIAL CLEARING SALE OF
Branebes•
IN ONTARIO i
Keewalto.
Keroptville,
MatUwa,
Ottawa,
MÀWF1LLB BRANCH,
Money loaned on approved secnrity at
reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Alexandria,
Amprlor,
A vo mnore,
Bnk'-ebrldge,
Carla ton
Onhden liawkcabury,
Parry Aotand Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winchester, Renfrew
SEASONABLE GOODS
do
do Bank 81 do Rldean 81. Toronto, do Bomereet 8L Winchester Vankleck Hill, Smith's Falls
IN MANITOBA ;
Place,
Our entire stock of Dry Goods, Clothing and Furs, we have decided to clear out these lines, and have reduced everything to prices that must make a stir and a speedy clearance. Our stock is new and first class in every respect. Our customers know that quality has always been a leading feature with us. Genuine bargains will be found in every department, and we have the goods that are wanted Now.
RAVINGS BANK
Winnipeg,
Dauphin,
Ports gc Ls Pralris
IN QUEBEC!
,	Hull,
Bhawinigan Falls
Agents In Csnails, New York and Chicago—
lars and upwards snd Interest allowed
Lachute
Montreal
OFFICE HOWS SATURDAYS .
10 A M. TO 1 P.M
F. A. PARKER,
Hank of Montreal.	A „ _
Agents in BL Paul- Merchants Nat Bank Agents In Loudon, Bug.—Pan's uanl
k Ltd.
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Fancy Goone— An elegant AKMortment of all kinds suitable for Xmas presents
at Karls.
By Telegraph.
Dear Bryson Friends—
GROCERIES FOR XMAS.
A Complete stock of Goods at the lowest possible prices.
Smallpox has broken out in the vicinity of Fitxroy Harbor ; the disease has also broken out in Pembroke
SPECIALTIES IN HARDWARE.
When in need of anything in this line give us a
call
Fancy Goods and Confectionery for Xmas
H. Math iron,
Campbele Bay.
Sec. -Tress
J. H. SHAW.
School Repo t.
coulongb mss. school. *
Sr. (ïrode IV—1 Emma Armstron
2 Kitty Letts. Jr. Grade IV—1 [____
Armstrong, 2 Mary Morrison, 3 Ines 3 Whalen, 4 Willie Sharpe. Grade III—1 !” eve —---------»¦ —J —* Howard Leggo, 2 Frances Gilman Bry-
*•»
4 Earl Proud foot. II Primer— 1 David Proudfoot, 2 Ethel Bryson, 3 Mabel Sharpe. 4 Jackie Moore. I Primer—1 Lindsay Costello, 2 John Proudfoot.
L. Carmichael.
%
P. S. Ask for one of our nice Calendars.
an
oven
t he rush.
mas-
School Taxes.
Elegant Things in the Poets— Shakespeare, Longfellow,
8eott,
Browning,
Burns,
I am Instructed to Inform the ratepayers of this School Municipality that all parties owing school taxes on and after the first day of January, 1908, will be charged with interest at the rate of per cent, until paid. School Code author tree six per cent.	H. LANG,
Municipality }
' of Shawville, >
December 8th, 1902. I
Bhawvtlie Council
Some of our Fancy Goods
Suitable for Xmas Presents.
Mingles of regular meeting of the Mti-ipal Council of the Municipal ty of the lago of 8hawville, held on Monday, At the Drug Store. I December 1st, 1909
nici
five
Vil
School
Sec. Tress.
Mr. Richard McNally, merchant of _	M,gjr Artl}ar S"”*»/ :
Bryson, who has been in the boepital at ^	Jlroee EWm
%S^tZZ ir. Zlz y°r*
aero. At 7 mi., Tuesday morning, It ipternal malady, returned home on Friday 3rd “d special meeting of Nov
^wiaiww.- ou,H.,d..h.	ttJ^tLESJEyr ssxsRsssss&iat
dollar bill, on the 10th of November, Curing Hecord	antine. $11 10 ; Shaw ville Drug Co 26c;
*5*ï* asvtr s? xissrsiffl 1
McKnight, lladford,	or	to The	Equity	glasses. When we undertake to cure	funeral expenses of Mrs. Telford’s child,
office.	headaches we do It or refund the money.	$8.25 ; Samuel S Dale for attending four
The Presbyterian Sunday School of 5%	at the Drug I f.milie, under qu
Upper Litchfield will hold their Christ	’ ‘ q	that the bill or George Hynes, funeral
mas Entertainment at Campbell’s Bay on Through the secretary, Mr. E. Mc- I charges for M >. Telford’s child be charg-Tuesday evening, Dec. 23rd. See posters Mahon, we have received a copy of the *d to the uau.te of the late Isaac Dagg. — for fuller information.	program® of the first winter meet of the I Uarried.
nuATAroA duv	Central Canada Racing association, which	Tenders for stone were opened and
PHOTOGRAPH t	comes off on the ice at Ottawa from Feb-	""**<!, when it was moved by coun. Hynes
Why be pested with agents,	when	you	ruary 2nd to 7th, inclusive. The sum of	**c. by coun Eades that the tender of
can deal direct with Iraison for crayon four thouynd dollars is offered in purses Mr- Brownlee at $4.00 per cord be ac	TIME TABLE,
and water color enlargmeote. Competi- for the efont-the largest amount ever oepted — Camed.
tion defied.	given for one week's racing in Canada.	Moved by coun Hedging sec. by coun. LEAVES Shawville at 6.15
! Eadee that, this Council do now adjourn¦
mKfÊÊÊÊ/KÊÊIÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊm On Monday afternoon of last week, the | — Carried For Sals.—1 span draft horses, weight C. P. R. p aced new ;m*aenger rolling about 2900 lbs, reason for selling ; Want stock on the Pontiac division of the O. money.	N. A W. Ry. The regular evening train
Andbiw McKnight, consisted of three cars, a first class coach, I	Town Hall, Shawville,
Radford, j a second class coach and a combination	Dec. 1st, 1902.
! baggage, mail and smoking car. The I Regular session of the Council this day.
Xmas Tree, Dec. 18.—There will he a cars are all new, comfortably furnished Members present — Mr. Mayor John Christmas Tree entertainment under the within and attractively finished without. I Stewart ; Councillors Thos. McDowell, of the Sunday School of the The train is planned on the general lines f Wm Hodgins, F. Thomas, Jas. Smith and byterian church, given in Elliott’s I followed by the 0. P Ry and each car ia James Wilson.
Shawville, on Thursday the 18th day I steam heated and fitted with air brakes I Moved	by ooun. Thos. McDowell sec.
of December, beginning at 7 30. p. m. and whistle. Each car bears tbe name of I by coun Wm Hodgina that the minutes j	.	_
This year the school is preparing a the division and in this differs from the] cl last meeting as now read be and are bpecisl alien »ou given to tlio banming
special treat for the jhiblie generally in I rolling stock in service on the main line I hereby confirmed —Carried.	]	of parcels and freight,
the shape of a drama in six acts from The new train will be welcomed by the I Moved by F. Thomas see. by James Birds’ Christinas Carol. There will J residents of this county and the travel-1 Smith that P. Gillen be baid fifteen del-also be a good selection off suitable music ling public as well. In a few weeks’ I lare for work performed on the Olaren and recitations by the children. All are time a similar up to ciat# train will re-l don and Bristol town line ; aleo Jshh-h welcome. Admission 20 cents ; children place the present one on the Gatineau j Harris, $6, being amount ordered by the 10 senti	’division.	I Const y Conseille be expended cm end
18 th
Calves Wanted;
BOOK MARKS INK STANDS PURSES
MANICURE SETS
DRESSING CASE
BOYS’ OWN ANNUAL GIRLS' OWN ANNUAL BOYS’ BOOKS
GIRLS’ BOOKS
won
left on.
Shawville, Dec. 11, 1902.
H. TUBBK.
HAT BRUSHES HAIR BRUSHES PHOTO FRAMES
PHOTOS ALBUMS
ROYAL MAIL LINE
uarantine, $4 OO; and
DAILY BETWEEN
SMOKING SETS COLLAR and CUFF CASES GLOVE CASES
Shawville and fitter Lake
FANCY PERFUMES WORK BASKETS WORK BOXES
NECKTIE CASKS
HANDKERCHIEF CASES MIRRORS.
, a. m.; arrives at Ladysmith, 9.30 ; Otter Lake at
11.00	a. m.
RETURNING Leaves Otter Lake at
1.00	p.m.; Ladysmith at 3.00 p.m.; arrives at Shawville at 5 4* p.m.
Imibon’8 Studio
Clarendon Council
Come and have your selection placed aside
Horses and comfortable Rigs for the conveyance of Passengers.
auspices
Pres
ball
THE DRUG STORE
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
The
C. A. HOWARD
Mail Contractor.
>
###PAGE###2###
F4J< * v
/

»
*t**étê*ttt*tt**t**t*t j ,mo« earn my «verging grail- «*£« MW Jry^aa^.ouK Htammer, brolly
# I Now, I muet mention that as a get me one Lüu1 Msemvd to bv
hobby 1 had taken up the study	of	very busy just now and 1 suw little	said
hypnotism some years before, and	of her ; and whan 1 did, the sight of	more
had acquired considerable power	in	her end. sweet face put all else out And	between	us	three	tho	«object
that direction. Percival Buffered	at	of my head. One evening Ethel had	has never	been	"Poken	of	agmn —
ISZlSZJFSfeS»%% 52 2*“rn£.M ^?£1*----------------------------------------------------------	$	«""*»“•	»-
HrTis H	....
5H£t-sSLJ .......Ç,.jtS-%
be entirely gone. Tho experiment1 bov calling out the main Items of the island of Celebes, adjacent to corfitor-#toKM> to lay or an Institution A strung* i«»nnng in o m 1 ° was a distinct success, and 1 had news in the evening papers. A sud- Borneo, bent on proving tho exist- lo open. sifys a recent London let- PO^oAVOf	V4*?ff1 *?
treated	him	onco	or	twice	since.	den	resolution	took possession of	of that creation of the county	tor.	Having laid more corner stones	i open an account	11 ask,m	to	out
1	placed	him	In	an	easy	comfort- „,e.	1 went downstair# to the street	,uir	nnd tlic side show, the *Nd(than	any other man living. U.e King	n l:,allk	h * 2
....""" sps ig~:	mm#
powor^nwr^y	XVftl this	Macassar they heard stories of tho	he probably happened to be interest- course of throe or four day# ho gets
“To-night Mr. Sydney Percival,	existence of tho wild men, nnd these	od	by mail a further receipt from the
tho	deservedly	popular actor, dill	they	thought to be merely myths. It	put	[jls • Majesty is a painstaking,	head otfice.# lie	may make hi#	next
commence his	carter us actor-man-	was	said that a typo of primitive	|nan	alld not ftt ftd bored w|t|i real-	deposit in «n ollice at tho	other	end
ivger. when he will produce at tho	mnn warn ex^int and	to	be found in	jy important matters of govern-	of the kingdom, if fio wishes	to	do
Coloseeum Theatre a new flvfract	the unexplored wilds.	-	ment, and it is safe to say that the	wo. It doesn't matter where	the
play by Mr. John Tempest, a now. Their informants said the wild men ^ing wa8 interested mightily in a money is paid in. playwright, entitled, 'Tho Awaken-	were so shy and untamable that it	corner-steme on which he hud to When he want# to withdraw the
ing of Harold.' Mr. Sidney Percival	was almost impossible to got ticnr to	(jRb mortar with a silver trowel a money he has to send to tho central
himself takes tho part of Harold,	them, even to catch a glimpse of	year or two ago,	for the structure	department, In n free envelope, a
nnd Mrs Ethel Tempest will play	them. The stories were not general-	Whosc beginning ho	thus honored is	notice of withdrawal, which he can
ncatrlce."	ly believed In Macassar, nnd the ex- lhe homo of tho biggest savings in- fift without charge at any postoffico.
Then followed a list of the cast, u	plorere thought at first that	escaped	utitution in the world, tho British	I he central ofTice sends back	A war-
synopsis of the scenery, and com-	criminals had taken	to	the	mount-	post Ofllco Savings lhxnk, in which irnnt# ^hich h® presents with	his	do-
i.i	ment» by the writer.	tain» nnd had frightened the ua-	mor0 than 40,000 persons ft day t posit book at any poHtufllce# lie
». rto	^	=üS5t«ü“.Mu,st:	a as* rarasJK	»£ r±L- ii“0- tav,i-“c A». »
remember	nothing of	to eight Hastily gathering up a	3rùi’i^'^but'be^t!g^.-d	lo fhow	o^bu"*" Hnd°arifUtnent»a*nd debates I^N^'one is permitted to	deposit
1 went	on.	eaat^ hat, and mtimer, I rutted	thomc ertnin type#	of	the wood	to perslmde parliament to make so more than 0fSO in one year,	nnd In-
tho downstairs-all my weakness gone in men who were held in captivity.	radical an experiment. At first the terest Is- not paid on a larger total
¦	tk0 xvhirl of excitement which pos-	He hatl a man. two	women, nnd a	plnn WU8 regarded ns rank socialism, |of deposit# than $1.000. A	deposit
"Thanks, awfully,	old	man. I	feel	sc>»‘d me. My feet carried mo 8wiit"'	child brought before	the	scientists,	Qnd cuU9cd fnr moro discussion than book may not bo usod as a	security
as fit as	a	trivet now,"	he	said,	as	ly along, and I reached and entered	^ho decided at a glance that they	t)lc p|fln parliament	is now consider-	for a loan, uiid a deposit In the pos-
he shook	himselfg_J and ^gw	1	must	the Colosseum. I went it nnd took	belonged tà à primitive race of man.	^ to €Ktablisli a	publie telephone	tai bank may not be attached,
be going."	UP a position where I was not like-{ The80 specimens, however, were half ^rvicc under the control of the postlie was gone, and I—I pac'd the	ly to he	seen	and	recognized from	tamed and had been In captivity so	offîfe doprtrtment. A year after op-
room with great strides and panting	tho stage.	The	curtain had just	jong that they had lost many of the	nation# began, 180,000 accounts
breast, like a wild beast j earning	gone up.	and	the	play was proceed-	characteristics of their race. The	,md l)€<ln op«.ned.* Between 1876	after
for its prey.	nig.	I rajah added that tho real wild men nnd 1880 tho nVernge number of no saving# hank Is almost funny
My wife came in before going to	How I hung on every line and	||ved in the mountain».	counts was nearly 2.000,000. To-day	iw'an# are provided for the	saving,
the theatre and putting her	arms	greedily watched every gesture, not-	Protected by nature to	a	large	ex-	thc totft| number of open accounts is	of children’s pennies. One	it the*
round my neck kissed me adieu,	etl every accent. The first act was	tent, they live in the fashion of men	penny bank and the other is the
Gone ! Yes—little they knew 1 Oh,	over, and a round of applause	Gf tho stone age. without many of	UVMt o.uvu.tyu,	stamp card. The latter is most in
it my power was strong enough Î It	brought the curtain up again and	the accomplishments of gentlemen of	xvith an average of $80 standing to	use because it’s so simple. The inbuilt] was ; it must be 1 Who the dupe	again. Act after act went by whilst	that period. They defend themselves	the credit of each, and the total	font economist buys a stamp with
when now ?	1 sut there in n frenzy of excitement.1 with stones, not even having learned amount on deposit being about each penny saved and pastes it in
it	yes. I would go Ï A horrible fas-	How they acted—those two î I had	the art of making the stone hatchet,	$700.000,000, for which every de-	place on one of the forms shown
ci nut ion drew me towards the house	never seen anything like it. nnd the	which indicates that they arc cons id-	positor has direct government so-	here. When he has saved 12 pen-
hide mv disappoint-	where so terrible n tragedy was to	audience	rose	at	them after each	ernbly behind the state of civili/a-	curity. •	ides he	sends	it in nnd	the	governed	be enacted. 1 went, and placed my-	act.	tion in which our ancestors of the	lt is this astonishing growth that	ment	looks	after	the	shilling	as
unlike	mv usual	self	that	1	caught	self where 1 could see. without	be-J	At Inst the fifth act was on in	stone ago lived.	compelled the postal department to	graVely ns if It were a million ster-
TftxrW eves	fixed	on	me	wondering-	ing observed/ myself.	which occurred the great scene of the!	They a re cave dwellers,	not	having	moV0 its bank out of the grim build-	ling. Schoolmasters whose	pupils
**«a*^*
HMBH
leading position upon the London 8aW only the make-beliedc. 1	two who do ?°t41‘0ar,.<lS	W th | Not one of these letters beam s form for banking their pennies with
stage whilst I was neither lucky as	cves were rooted to tho spot where	lie led	me along half-dazed, to	one fnr ^ with the other. In every KtarnPf for ihc government makes no	the teacher that	the elders do for
on actor nor successful ns a play-	that grim struggle was	going on.	| tho back	of the stage. I saw my	thousand children under fifteen years chft for rnrrving letters connected	banking their	shillings with the
wright, I remembered how warmly	Mv head seemed bursting,	and my	wife and	Tcrcival as in a mist ;	of age four show symptoms of some • wllh*its banking department, and	postofllce. The	government even
she had insisted upon the injustice	vision was getting blurred.	1 remem-	could just discern their start of sur-	car disease and six n *»nrkecl ' de-;wm tnkc jnfinito pains to corre»-	supplies at cost such C4ish books and
of my thoughts, and how she seemed Lcr stumbling forward and being prise, abd then 1 was before the fictency in hearing I>ower. ihe lia-, d with n boy in the northermost ledgers for the use of these" penny to resent my half-disparaging re- caught by someone, and ns 1 fell, house listening to the applause , bility to disease increast s from bn th ^own jn kingdom who wants to banks and carries deposit books, marks	about Fyrcival.	mv	eyes still	riveted on the strug-	the people I could,not see. l oi	ft	to the ago of forty, and	then begins	{)jaco M small a sum ms one shil-	curds, cash books	and ledgers back
As the days	went	on	my	sus-	giing figures,	I saw something	big	mist shut everything from	my	gradually to decrease as	old age ad-	,.	jn thc bands of the Postmaster-	and forth from the	central office free
Vicions became stronger and strong-	mld swift	fall	from the flies and	: vision, and a merciful unconscious- vances. Out of the total number o*	fienernl	cvcn if> ns frequently hap-	Qf charge. If the penny bank is
1 detected a secret meaning in jke	the	head	of Sydney	Percival.	ness fell	on my poor, dazed bi;un, | caRes subjected to suigua treat-	pcns be	wants to	draw it out again	patronized sufficiently well the gov-
everv look, and thought I could	Thcn	cnnic n	blank ; I	knew no	and even	as they clamored wildly for ment, it is estimated that about 63	fcw davs jntei.	And when that	eminent even goes so far as to print
fathom a subtle understanding in	more.	a speech	1 fell prone upon the stage J per cent, «re cured, and 30 per cent.	,>oy hnfi	‘8aVed ttS	much Vs a pound	the name of the little institution on
each sentence that passed between #•••••	‘ When I Cjime to myself, Mhcl and 1 permanently relieved.	|ie gctR interest on it at the rate of
them.	The first thing I became aware oi were alone ; she had a cob waiting,	----------------------- ,^r cent.
No one knows what I suffered at W41S the sound of subdued voices, and nnd together we entered it and bIUTONM WEI) BOER WOMEN. Aside from the comfortable knowl-ihat time ! Thc horror of my eus- they seemed a long way ofT. 1 did drove home. '	,	;	Af . edge that the bank cah't break un- In addition to all this banking
pkions overwhelmed me. I grew so not opcn my eyes, but lay hi a half Wo entered the little sitting room, i,rl or	‘ ‘ ,l	* less lhe government goes to smash, business, ono can invest in govern-
MUlikc my usual self (that 1.believe drclunv state, listening to the mur- and my wife, Heaven bless her. put the r ™ ‘V 11 .“*1 Vmhm» u»L	the chief beauty of thc postal sav- ment stock through the postofl*© to
half afraid of me at mvr 0f the voices As I became her arllLS around my nock, sank on ,neu- 1 ° ot	v,iv^h.îth 'n 1 Ings bank Is	, a total of $2,600. The stock can
MiWHI
for a	change	of	air	ant	lt	wns my wife. She kissed	me,	n wretch I am— whet, but for an	ac-	ww# decorated with yellow ribbon,	all	of these unimposing pens you ran	"nd t'ie[.e nr® ol,|y	“3U *®n in ,1'
Some	place where	he	will	nnd	x IeU U.e	hot tears drop on	my	cldent. I might have become.	thc ex-]’.ee State color,	while the	do	an astonishing amount of husl-	United Kingdom, but mont of the"®
hear no news. Then we can mature farc.	,, !	' John," the said. 1 know ttl • ' horses were adorned with red, white ness; for each is not only a Post- arc said to be in a prospeioi
plans Oh, I feel certain	of ..you must keep very quiet, dear,	ftn(i it	makes n# difference. Peruva in(, bluc	office but a public telegraph stn-	dll|on, and the decrease N thongl.t
what a surprise it will	bo	slie said. "You will	noon . get	knows,	too, and you may still	- lion,'from which you can send a	to bave stopiied n together, in
"He shall not know, lie cannot j ^ed, “but you will soon be > oui- up brightly before us from to-night.	'	" coated boy to do an errand for you agreement to the postal bank wi i
sus: e:t. I wouldn’t have him find	tcjf again, now."	In my ravings during thc weary	at sixpence that would cost half a	out loss of interest,
us out for thc world. If you cun	^lio went from the room, nnd	left	Woeks of bruin fever I had disclosed	dollar in Toronto, and a banking »l>e prodigious increasei	in
persuade him to go to your rcla-	^e other woman, whom	1 found	to	thc hideous secret, and had explain-	house where you can deiwsit or	business of the postal	•
tions at that quiet little village on	be a nurse, by my side.	Then,	and	cd (ll0 occurrence which almost end-	withdraw money or buy government	pains taken wit h anion	j < i
the Cornish coast, it would be splen- then onlv. came the recollection oi jn a tragedy, nnd would have	mm::«v'‘--ïiïk '* stocks without a letter of introduc- , require J.000 « ierks ot u*o
Get him to see a doctor. Tell	that awful night, and the causes	tonc but for a piece of wood falling	mUMlÈUS&i&sÈL	tion. and without being known to a	office	and in tin old com para wve	y
him you fear his health is breaking.	that lei up to it. I cannot describe	from the flies and striking the head	fevv'*.soul in the place, providing you	small	building m
The doctor is almost sure to order	mv sensations at that moment. The	of ivrcival, rendering him uncon-	have followed a few simple ru%s. Not	«trcct	they were Povtxa w
him	a change of air nnd scenery.	oae fact that stood out	before a'l	scions.	;	only this, but you cun get your life	dines. A glimpM o	writ„
Then	will conic our opportunity.”	others was that Ethel	was alive-	This.	then, was tho secret under-	insured there. or buy an annuity,	, rooms where the wm n ms J, •
I waited to hear no more. I went mv plot had failed. Then I rem.'m- 8<anding between thein-tho	plot	j,hfor these arc recent additions to tho ten nnd examined, cam rt *
out noiselessly and staggered along |bcred thc falling object which, des- which I had s > xilcly misinterpret- \Jgovernment-banking department. i s countless
the street like a drunken mnn. Here. 'rending from the flics, had struck cd $ They hud resolved to produce	JSs^Ni	There arc five young women in the that more bookkeeping '	' )n
then was tho thing brought home Sydney Percival.	|my play. Percival being confident of	postoflicc around thc corner from those two rooms mn P.i
to me in its very hideousness. Get ! Tho nurse, seeing my restless con- its success. He resolved to take a	-y^4®I	my house, and without aid from a any oth« is m me »	_ e*D«se
, id of me Î lift ! ha ! Me a poor | ditiGn, gave me a sleeping draubht,! theatre under his own management.	tSSHBET..	man they transact all this seeming- ™t, U\ epno oi tnc «i _
«•ànur.-s'sL'ss* % tr. zzsm rszxv. "J5 HHrhr-ssr*”
, heir plotting end planning. 1 would „rcw to weeks, and 1 began to leave know anything of it until success (f-	^ so narrow that the counter running in profits since was si a
be even with them.	the bed nnd get about the room. I bad been assured, nnd so desired to t>	j.	down the center of it gives tho girls
llllndly, madly, muttering incohcr-' had said nothing to Ethel of what get mo away where I i-bould be lit-	scarcely WÊÊÊ III	H
cntly, 1 stumbled alofig until I found EO occupied my mind. I could not likely to see any theatrical	itElf	lx?hind it* and the customeis srarce-
niyscîi in Hyde Park. 1 sunk on a broach the subject ; but trusted to ' ncW8. n was to be produced on my	|l|| j	Uy room to pass each other in front
rent and tried to think. I could time to make all things clear. She. birthday, and was to be a glad sur- flflBLiJgUj >-r j	Iofi...	. , , ,	4,
not My head seemed whirling bless her, was the very embodiment prifc	I V, ’S a ‘ u '	* u '" 'i
round, my brain on fire I retraced 0f gentleness and loving solicitude. Next morning Ethel came in with	public part o' th»- room is no so
my steps and reached home again. During all that time Sydney Per- a great bundle of dailies. We glane-	V ^	crowded that the three or four mes-
Ifome ! The hitter mockery of it. I ilval did not come nigh and his cd them through. The critics were SOMETHING IN A NAME. .	have'todive and'luirm
Wv™	=m =##==
*'I do wish vim would exert your suddenly struck me one morning, inter, when I’oftfval enme In, and) Second t huiqiie—Tt a* , it very •	HAKIM. A M IS 1A K K,
nktll on mo again. Those confounded ; During ‘the few weeks J had been' greeting me with a hearty band- rough ?	. i h marvel that I* explained only by*
m-urnMc pr‘»« have come on badly. I conscious I had not seen a nows- shake Raid, in that earnest way of:. first Chnpple-Npt duly Wt. but their long experience, the cure with, and I don’t want to give up. Just ,a'cr.	.	his, Tm ho glad, old man,” I felt we were obliged fo; contend' with which they are marked for promo-
hypnotize the,a away for me. and | I resolved to ask the nurse for too full for words, nnd could only those beastly trade wibde	tion and the aimplie.ity of tho rule. , «4 fcct high
TTeaven bless
Biggest Savings Bank
rgtvo mo." thing to forgive, "Think of it no
«>
»
There >8 PèreIv
r

THE PLAYWRIGHT'S
I
*
STORY
Bank.
the provincial *toge we managed to Mick pretty closely to each other.
Then Sydney's tilvnt began to assert Ittell. He was a born actor, whilst l w«* nn indifferent one at the best, and he soon left me far
behind He got to London and be- was under
gun to be talked about as tho com- last he sank back, my heart gave a
great throb.	was
my undoer, in my
at my mercy. My head began to whirl again. The memory of my Wrongs surged up and maddened me, and then—then a fiendish plot began to develop in my disordered brain, nnd gained ground with terrible insistence. My one thought—would my
him be sufficiently
but I would try- Yes, ,my turn had come 1 They
should both suffer. 1 pulled myself together, and in calm, decisive tones addressed him thus :
“To-night when you are playing Bernard to my wife's Millicent, the last scene of Xhc second act, you
ing man.
Meanwhile I jogged along and eventually, mainly through Sydney's influence, obtained a footing in thc West-end theatres. Soon after this I married a sweet little woman who had often played leading lady to my loading gent in thc provinces. With our joint salarie»—for she was then playing in London—we managed to rub along pretty comfortably, and fer a time, 1 believe, 1 was the happiest man on earth.
Sydney Percival, who was n bachelor, was always sure of n welcome to our humble little home, and he was a constant visitor there. Now, for years 1 had entertained a desire to become a playwright. As an actor 1 felt myself a failure, but 1 had dreams of victory in thc other direction.
As a culmination to many vioiiN efforts 1 had at last written a play which I felt sure, if 1 could but get it accepted, would bring success. Ethel was as excited about it •as myself, nnd urged me to get it read as quickly as possible. We were discussing its chances when Sydney came in, nnd I gate it to him to E ok aver. His face genuine pleasure when it. and he said it was certain to go.
Well, 1 sent it to manager after manager, but invariably with tho sumo result. Jt was always returned with the rame little note of polite refusal ; and at last I sent it out no more. It was a great blow to me. 1 had %xported so much from it. I had grown so attached to the Idea ol its success, and had such castles in thc air, that my castles fell to thc groynd hurt me more than I would own
power over strong T 1 knew not
If he is in a hurry he enn get It *in two urs from the time he
"I understand, dree my tones “You will
this when you awake Then 1 brought him out of sleep.
lit up with lie had read
THE PATERNAL CARE
with which the big John Bull looks the Infant department of his
Two
In trying to ment 1 grew strangely morose
so
its books and curds
WITHOUT CHARGE
Ethel was
times.
rJ1ie climax ciftnc one day. I
had
come in
rear tv
•TV
quiet
world
scenery
our success
do-
the
did
L
Par
!
!
to pass each other
room
Customer — "That umbrella you sold me is made of such miserably poor stuff onth " Dealer — vays tells dot kiid to intellectual men like you. You gets thinking on great subjects, and pocomes so abit in dree
veeks, and don you iiaf dc sutlsfao-xiuds it vill get vet."
!
It won't last a Yah. Ve ak-

sent-miuded you
dut do tnah who
1*
Tintoretto's record picture is at Venice
in the Doge's Pa lure. It 1» i«4 /cfS wtde and
A
1 ¥






###PAGE###3###





im

9 •'

*


)
! SOME HUMAN FIREBRANDS
AB UNTWELED CABINET
MAKINGS OF CHEAT MEN.
1 HUNTER'S P3T LUCK.
gtsU/ed b y tlip tame person, have
been conunittod In one province. The rower of the chief Marta exte beyond the confines of Italy dreadful riots a couple of years ago In New Orleans were organized by
this man, and more recently ho has	_	.	, .,	^ _	e
been extending his 6	Majority of t e British ‘. ablnet Great Theologian Was Once a
OPirnATi/iNa nvi 'ttimtm	Have Done Very Little	Dunce—Sir Hiram Maxim’s
Oi hit A HONS TO TUNIS.	Traveling.	Narrow Escape.
The Italian Government hou ahàd	t	. .	.	?
to usk the assistance of the French	f oryrtHutiomtl pedantn have sought	A gentleman was once passing	a
authorities to stamp out the Mafia	* prwedent for Mr. Chamber-	little village school in the North	of
organizations in North Africa. The	uin » tour they have found none	Ireland. Ho heard the sound	of
immense popular Interest excited by	this country, and only one abroad,	voices and went in and listened	to
m	EiuEE r
who was killed ,n ' Says, the London Daily Mail.
It is curious how few cabinet ministers have really traveled extensive-
ill fewer ministers uH^ which they fliÂit. This is
n.ush roomy flavor of a migW soar pi# of alternate layers of potatoes, venison and hardtack,

come

___ ________________
from ft groat white coral-llko fungus, DESPERATE MEN WHO MAKE which formerly hung as a parasite	| ¦¦
upon a tree in a swamp and would liave been ro#h]y set down as une-
w t tl .	„ less If not poisonous by those prao The Awful Revenge of Boris Sar-
,4Hungry as a Hunter Is a very tjcal,y UUVOrsod in the distinctions afoif—Russian Count’s Many 's Old and True Saying	between varieties of the boletus far ;	Crimes.
tmm - -wmm
tho ugly squat quadruped which The medical faculty are keen upon	army, and	gained	a name as. a
crouched in the branches and stmt m|Crohce, but never before has tho	magnificent	cavalry	leader, ms
U tumbling clumsily from bough to Englishman's ’ tub" been assailed, bravery and open-handed generosity	¦ I ¦¦
tfooufc'h to the ground. Had it not Î Now wo are not only warned against	made him the idol of	tho people. In	n* tv	has ever	received,
been for Jo© Ueaudouin, tbo gulcfo# * dangers of tho daily or weekly	1895 ho Irft	tho regular army, and	vo	shall	shortly	hear o* *II
tho porcupine would have been left ^ ^	ueliberntoly told that .vs#raised an inegular corps, with whom petalo revenge. The last time that
where it foil as a bit of vermin, with &roi*srll#& pnougfonla add vnrfW be vfctirod into the fastnesses of the a witness was, found to speak the • good riddance of had rubbish" as (llw?nei<^	iheTondon Exprès*. m mountains. Since tMit time he has truth about the doings of the Mafia,
Its sentence and epitaph.	| lg this true ? Medical authorities headed no fewer than »S4 raids into ho was discovered stabbed to the
A delightful gastronomic oxperi- ^ of	^ necessity of keeping	the	Turkish, territory. Once he captured	heart in tho police cell, where hr
once would have been lost to the c# Q	physiologists depict	the	the Turkish town of Mel nek with no	had been, at him own request in-
hunters in that cam. For by t ho da of not bnthitig, and early, in more tht/h (<>rt.V men, driving before , curcenitcd^-lVarson’s Weekly, tin is her owners had pulled out tlm wc are educated into the prin- him .100 Turk isth troops. The terror!
sijtvsïxjvk siijAss£sr““.tt.“r	™» **»*«««.
who had known no better than to j ^ ^ arguod that (ho higher the agents are maid to bo found in	can never go wrong, and it , would
¦¦BB
HT FOR A DIVINITY.	T . n" a npTancn" Z
Tlie taste — something liio good ^ ^ |,jul astray. Which is to bo & worker of miracles, and ins housp not differ greatly from other cash veal with n flavor of sucking pig	truste()	|ns#nct or this pseudo	of prayer became tho centre of an	rcgjst,.rs now in use, except that its
about it — corresponded therewith.	knowledge ? Tho chick makes	no	arnual pilgrimage. and of a new	keyboard is like that of a typewrites, in d mildly triumphant moon,	jn f0n(,wing the duckling sect. As the number of his follow- cr jt has a drum or wheel contain-
remindod tho company that hung<ir	pond. All animals governed era begun to attract attention, %Se- fng recefitacles tor holding money.
Is a very good fauco, and that there instinct avoid bathing in tho nussi moved back into tho desert. There are receptacles for £10 and was much in the old saving a ,nut- .	The primitive condition marching from oasis to oasis until y** notes, for pounds—several of
"""""" - * "m- .ÜT&ss 53$ -• -	ssss «trL.ts,,jrs5
EMliEB
doubtful looking candle grouse. experiment was. foolish It is n use- leaner of From these unpromising materials I erne waste of vital for<o, and causes Joe made pancakes, real flap-jacks, more work for every orgaia In tho which, taken right from the frying winter time wo eat more meat pan. were declared to ho the most' food, which causes poisonous debris, delicious confections over eaten by and wo perspire little, while in the
time we oat much lees meat, and perspire much,
Akin eliminates no examination of the
MINISTERS WHO ‘ HAVE NOT SEEN THE WORLD.
DIVIDING LIME BETWEEN SUCCESS AND FAILURE.
DISHES THAT CAN BE HAD ONLY IN THE WOODS.
MONABCHS TREMBLE.
llorto
children spelling their lesson I One small boy stood in a corner I apart from the rest, and the gentleman asked tho roaster the reason.
“Oh he Is a good for nothing, ' replied tho teacher, “I can make no-thing-of him. lie is tho worst* boy in tho xchuol." . ,
=slS1 fSMe
BiSpW
during our visit to this country ! « a yar or two had risen to to
thun the small nun,her of ministers	sp,>0'>1 I he dunce bc-
* ho hi vo #>er visited America." ritm» erentuaHv known to the world
Other cabinet ministers have, how- «• Adnm Clark, tho great thco-
over, traveled considerably. The Duke l°£iah and Greek scholar.
of Devonshire went with Lord Oran- A small boy who lived thirty years
vide to Russia after1	with his family In the
:	TTir rniIffiM^ïAn	Village of Sangervilie, in Maine, nnd
: to«7	,a	•	, was always amusing himself
in 1857, and there is an impression home-made toys, built himself, .out
ho wont to America In his youth. ()f tWQ ol(J carrifljr wheels, a Sort of
:##### Hamilton has served abroad in the came to tho farmer gave him a
Rifle brigade (1864-1868), but has thrashing which lasted him for a
never been to India, which he repro- imonth and made him resolve to give
sents in the Commons. Lord Geo. up such an uftap-preciutivo locality
Hamilton was, however, in Canada an(* try w,<*er tîcido. That country
during a stormy period in the bis- boy is	........
tory of the Dominion. Lord Scl-	^IR HIRAM MAXIM,
borne knows Malta and Gibraltar, as the famous inventor of tho quick-docs Mr. Arnold-Forater. Lord firing gftn whl h bears his name, Dudley has yachted abroad.	and of the pom-pom which played so
¦The traveled man of tho cabinet is large a part in tho recent war, and Lord Lapedowne, Secretary of State who is head of the great Vickers-for Foreign Affairs. Ho has been Maxim engineering firm.
Viceroy of India and GovcrnoMien- When Munkacey, the greatest of oral of Canada. He has been in IKingurian painters, was a hoy, ho Egypt and knows Europe well.	appears to have been a healthy.
Viseount Cranborne, tho Under commonplace youngster. One day ho Secretary for Foreign Affairs, took quarrelled with another .hoy, and the part in the late campaign in South latter, in a rage. hit him on the Africa as a yeomanry officer. Lord h ad with a heavy piece of wood. Stanley, the Financial Secretary to The future urtifet suffered for aime the War Office, acted as a press cen- weeks from concussion of the brain, sor on tho sumo occasion. Ho i* When he got better his disposition now going to India for the durbar geemod to bate changed completely, as the guest of Lord Kitchener.	He was far quieter, but much fonder
Lord Valentin, Controller of the work, yet subject to occasion Household, and the Duke of Marl- j ^ Qf pnosiou. Ills extraordinary borough served in South Africa, KUCCc*a in tho field of art was cven-which Lord Ilardwickc, the Under ^py paj(j for by the less of his Secretary of War, has also visited reason. Tho last years of his life Eari Ferry, the Under Secretary of wm) gpcnt jn a lunatic asylum India, has visited India as well as poW pCt)pie arc aware how Persia, and has traveled	1
THROUGH ASIA MINOR
after cruel torturing


No tar bur la to,
February, 1HU3, near Palermo, show what power the Mafia has attained undvr Its. present, cplef.
Tho Conviction of ty thfœ mOr-cTeror* 1» the heaviest blow the to*
dou^t,
ok# des-
and hpv «*1 bave/ visitée! thela represent ' in KiiHia
P<ÆÊÊÊÊ^ÊÊKÊt
abroad
iy
tho

little
with

there was tho
wheel immediately goes up one notch, and tho money is secured in the Lank in the £1 receptacle. This movement unlocks the keyboard nnd Tho Mahdi arose and killed (lor- e attendant presses down tho fig-When ho had established him-
TIIK DESERT TRIBES
and
urcs. ray. 3s. 6c!., the amount of the purchase, gives one turn to the crank, and immediately the correct change is delivered by the machine and the amount of purchase added to the total, as above describe*.
self in' Khartoum ho called en the ühclkh Senussi to become hi» ally, but the latter, who knew that soon-later the Hrftieh would retake
When Kitchen-
hungry men.	• summer
Hut it does not require tho spire of more fruits, hunger to make toothsome the meat therefore tho of tho fretful porcupine. One, stuffed poison, and an by the guide with onions awl some human perspiration shows it to curious herb of tho swamp, and then tain nothing poisonous, roasted on a spit before the fire, one This is how pneumonia is invited
wet dav. was delicious, *ml would he Tho vjctim gets into a tub ofMNHI	¦PQRP^
fudged to be choice eating anywhere, W(lll>r; he lathers his body	with Ufa's defeated army,
though to get the cooking of the 8(>n jj0 rubg the skin with a flesh To-day his power is enormous, woods to perfection, it ready ought	brush; the skin glows;	the blood	dreamt of by	any except statesmen
to be done in a closed kettle, huriod !WBeU uro taxed to	their limit.	Hi» aim is to	drive (ho white	man
deep in hot sand, and its contents Tho , dissolves the fat that' ag- from Africa, and to found a gigantic allowed	to bake slowly in the air- glllt|riatc»	the pores and holds	in-	Moslem empire, with himself as its
tight oven.	tact noterai layers of epidermis.	He	Napoleon. ITo has already an army
Half a dozen bl^ck ducks stuff*#!	the lath tub-a glowing, of over 15,000 trained men. and
full of suitana raisins nnd each en-	1	healthy mon.	yet withal a prey	to	modern rifles come to him	by	the
velopod in a generous slice of fnt	-	I)noumonia. fn	tho	morning he goes	thousand through a certain	port	in
pork ingeniously fastened with a peg	tQ Work	the	evening the	evil	the peninsula of Burka on	tho
of wood, diffused an intensely sweet	s ivit |>cgjng	tho	work. And	for	trrraneun. His Mokaddein,	or	pro-
uvor ps the heavy lid of the own	.	... ,jsk .f To bo ciClin? phets, pervade the continent Jrom
In which they had been ™î)tcr™n?"	Not ^ j For to be clean is not to	Morocco to	Abyssinia, and if	Se-
ously cooked was opened. The day s molRt but to bo dry	nnd Ilot to	niv-si makes	up his mind to	war,
“ .55 rz. s	. s sispr w
chimney sweep is clean, because the *A)o>andet
outer skin	is covered with soot;	tho ;	cruelly murdered. So were the Fulminer is	not dirty because he	is	press of Austria, King Humbert,
covered with carbon.	| President Carnot, and Prime Minis-
Why do we ha tho ? To be clean or ter Cnnovo, of Spam. These Kill-to look white ? Is, after all, the ings were committed by different per-Knglishmail's love of his tub a mere'was, each a ;rofessed anarchist, and species of vanity ?	-	each supposed to be a mere
crazed individual, acting upon
or or
tho Soudan, refused cr came, the Khalifa renewed his re-	machine will do the work of
quest. Again Sc aussi replied in the 8jx ordinary clerks. H tho person in negative, but ho received and took change were to put in a false coin care of tho refugees from tho Kha-1 deliberately, or without noticing it,
! in a very little While, whin the un- wheel turned round, the false coin would bo ejected, nnd the attendant woulc^ ho punished for his neglect, or his attempted swindle, by having to pay the customer or tho firm
con-
hot
very
born
near Napoleon was to being
British flag. Barely a
under tho
bro- year before hh birth. Great Britain
Franco were engaged in a
Dut tho Prime Minister> his then the President of the Hoard of and
Chancellor of the Ex- wrangle over their respective rights
Britain was not very
him-
self
tho
r a d
chequer, and the Home Secretary arc to Corsica
in the long distance sense untravel- anxious for so troublesome a possession, so eventually allowed Trance Of ex-ministers. Lord Salisbury i tQ have her own wayMBB|^Jj| spent soiiio of his earlier life in the a very short time before J,hc arrival goldfields of Australia. As Minister 0f Madame Bonaparte's second son for Foreign Affairs, he accompanied that tho tricolor wns finally hoisted Mr. Disraeli, Prime Minister, to Ber-. oVcr j^r iglnnd home.
IlD. at the time of the ltu$y>-TurK- ( Compara tMy*ïi tile is known of ish war, and returned bringing, in Corky, thî His ian writer, the popular phrase of the time, noxt to Tolstoi, he is the man “Peace with honor.”	MOST FEARED AND IIATED
Lord Goschen administered the af- by the Russian bureaucracy. Through fairs of Turkey as British Envoy Ex- ^ books wields a power in the traordinary to Constantinople.	lan<| second to none
Sir .Tames Ferguson served in	the	born jn 1868	when	a boy of
Crimea, and has	been Governor	of	tcon ho enter(d	a biscuit factory	at
Bombay, as well as a Considerable ^ a week. His health failed, traveler in Australia and America j ftnlj be Wd8 dr;VCn to sell apples in
dnd Canada.	. _ . _	. ti e street», llis misery was so ex-
B-F s
master in New Zealand prior to 1,1	;	.
serving as Minister of Education if
velopmentfl men are less traveled was playmg one evening with some than they were 50 years ago. In water colora belonging to hie step-those days no man ever thought him- son He drew for the hoy a man of self equipped for	any public life	un-	an imaginary iskmd,	and colored	it.
!osa he had made	the so-called grand	The shape of it	took	his fancy
rate he says ’	Tt cont uimxi h<iN
tors that pleased me like sonnets, and with the unconsciousness of the
ticketed my per-‘Trea.su rc Island.' The
Tho one machine in London is in the meantime giving o+i exhibition of its capacities in a back room of 72 New Bond street.
cd
It was only
CHURCH CURIOSITIES.
In St. Dionis, In Fcnchurch street, London, there are four monster syringes, which were at one time the only form of lire brigade appliances in London. Tho celebrated golden tombstone in St. Katharine’s, Regent's Pdrk, is very well known. It is a tombstone, or rather a small slab of pure gold, surrounded by an oak frame. Many people are unaware that tho body of Nell Gywn reposes in a vault in St. Martin-in-thc^Ficlds, and a still larger dumber of persons tfre ignorant of the fact that beneath tho same church there is still in existence the old parish whipping post. Beneath St. Ethcl-dreda's church, in Ely place, is the only subterranean place of worship in London. It is a completely furnished chapel with sitting accommodations for 200 people. St. Et hold ra’s is tho oldest Roman Catholic chprch in England.

misfortunes one could long, with such a dish to appeal to
Yet,
II. of Russia was
his
TENDER EST FEELINGS
Two of tho party after that followed an old moose for two days and killed him at last not half a mile from camp. To their dismay tho creature broke one of his huge horns in the death struggle, and the other was found to be about eaten through
with some curious disease, so that HAD HEARD HIM PREACH. ,	.	.
•ring mass of luscious, gelatinous,	and upon giving his name a„ tho, .world there is not the
melting marrow, not one of the band «« /Pvitod to take a seat In tho regretted the loss of the horns, as gentleman s study.	,	* nin.g, and Iflck
long as the meat, one of tho rarest 1 ^faXe * fcw <lltVS to,.spc*<lr .?*} one time he	HI
delicacies of tho woods, lasted.	town, said tho visitor, and I did j,end 0f n band of so-called interna-
Among other tit-bits which / no not want to leave without calling ^jonaj police, in reality, spies, who town-inhabiting gourmet can com* . paying my resets to you. took bribes from the Fee ret services mand at will is the flat, trowel-like 1 have heard you preach many a of each‘country to betray the
tail of the beaver* This no guide time.”	#	. e	I crots
who knows his business, will allow "Yes.” said the parson beginning to bo cooked, until it has hung for to ta*e an Interest in the visitor, a day or two In tho shanty chimney ”1 like your preaching, and though to allow' the rather strong smelling I do not belong to your church, yet mot|vee oil to exude from it. Then he will 1 mu§t Buy you preach the best either roust or bake it wed, re- mon I ever heard,» : move the tough skin and serve his I "Yes,” said the .parson.
^ patron with a tender, sweet morsel 1 "There are ' which will! make every other meat
Gorky
was
six-
crimo-
IUS OWN INITIATIVE
his
sitting c;n his bed in
slanunod, the sudden jerked the muncles of his shak-and the bullet merely To so tiny an ac-
doublo of this man for ferocity, cun-
of n|Cprinciple is said to have been
I
At
are
!
80-
that time,
made his headquarters in Switzer- WHY BLACK MEN . ARE BLACK.
hiHpfli
f Î taste insipid by comparison for days uprightness- we can place trust, that nniii(,mtllt ingenuity. TschernadiefT rays,' and - white reflects them, it
T:^t	w,.. cvc u, *. !
¦ woods, to	inquire too	closely	into " Yes," the good man repeated, ^ The villein is so cunning thiut	80•	T)le	reason is this : A white
the ingredients of the dishes an ox- ' ulld ti8 the bell tinkled he rose and " proof has ever teen obtained »kin scorchee	tt"d	blisters under	a
E EHFH"
|#mîg
tho reason why cold boiled salt pork ( ertalnly not in town ?	the Low Mafia.	I ¦	I
had so agreeable a flavor when eaten "Well, sorter yes and sorter not. A|| Q\C[\y and Calabria are under
that his cook always You know you preached at the pris- fhc ab80)ute 8Way Qf the Mafia Soon for some time. I was there for cj(itv jsgsro	HliHHl
stealing a horte and cart, and fin- fhicfialn So far north as Rome.
Ishcd mv time f )-d.iy> 111 thank	cover almost the whole
you for the bread	country, nnd blackmail every
owner.
Within the past eleven years 219 letters demanding money, and signed with the seal of the Capo Mafia, have fallen Into the hands of tho Palermo police, nnd In the same time 1,092 highway robberies,
As.
sei-
tour,- which included at any every European country.
can
predestined, I fo finance
pSSSSS SSSS335
chiefly among ladies where v the eau-de-Cologne habit has duccd shattered health and disorders. It is curious
thk danuer of scent
cases
promental that the
most ardent abstainers from ordinary alcoholic drinks have been known Ifall victims to this unnatural craze. In one case of delirium tremens a wardrobe was found stocked with empty cau-dc-Colognc bottles
The town council of Berlin, Germany, i» to issue liecnies for cats, just as it does for dogs. Cats are only to perambulate the city when
badges hanging, locket-like, their throats.
A recent cure for consumption ad. vacated by an Irish physician, Pr. W. C. Uinchin, is the inhalntion of the vapor of garlic juice. The doo tor claims that by this method ho has effected some remarkable cures.

authorized little
from
to
HIS DEEP COGITATION
PAINTED GIJNS.
The new method of masking a battery by painting guns rainbow fashion, with streaks of red, yellow and blue, rendering them indistinguishable against any background, has stood a very remarkable test at Aldershot. A section of Horse Artillery sent to engage them did not locate them until within#* distance of 1,000 yards. This method is the invention of a military officer.
You
DEI
It is said that the only th*ng Scotch in a set of bagpipes is the shcepiAin and tartan. The wood — çbvny or cocus—C3L.Cu from Africa or Jamaica, the ivory from Africa, sthe horn from Australia, and >|he cane of the reed from Spain.
A colonel now on the retired list had on# of his fingers shot off during the Crimean War. One day. having a friend to tea, he was telling how ft happened. His little three-year-old grandchild, sitting on his knee, looked up after he had finished, with a face full of pity, and breathlessly said
NO OCCASION FOR ALARM.
' I have sent for you,” said the man of the house, "because these pipes need looking after a leak somewhere, and a lot of gas is going to waste ”
boiltd it for,a day or so, in a pot of WkH seasoned pea soup. : %
It did not really make any dlfter-to have the fact elicited by
consequently of its

There's
tand-
e i
cross-questioning that the delicate pork chops the party enjoyed their last night out had been grown and by a clever old coon, whose late residence had been near to a field of late corn.
it did come as x bit of useful in-|pr tall pa. (bough, that the delicious
The finest grape grape vino in Eu-
L
rope is at Auchmorc House Breadalbane's Scotch residence. It is double the size of the one at Ilnmpton Court, nnd soni mes product s 4,000 bundles of grapes in ' a j all the hair shot off the tog of your
h ad, too ?”
on

e w
"M—no,” rep)
pany’s employe, meditatively by there'* a leek, but there ain’t any go* going to waste You’ll And it all down on the next account.”-
the gas com-
Ndrway fir makes the best mats. Next come the spruce fir, the A erlcan white pine, and the Scotch
pin#.
on
Gre.u’pa, and did y^u have
• 4
season.
»
I




###PAGE###4###
1
#
THE EQUITY.
THB MARKETS.
XMAS GOODS.
SMART ft SMITH
MAS8HY-HÀRRI8
IHiWVIUE.
Wheat (standard) 70 to 7fo. Flour per barrel, $3.75 to #4.00. OaU per bushel, 00 to Ale.
Pease per bushel, 00 to 7#m. Buckwheat, 45o. per hush.
Rye, per bush. 48 eenta.
Kggs, per down, lie.
Butter, per pound, 00 to 16c.
Wool, per pound, 18 to IBe.
Pelts, each, 35 to 45c.
Hides, #5.50 to #6,00.
Chickens and Geeee per lb. 8 to 6c. Ducks per lb. 7m.
Turkeys per lb. 81 to #0.
Dressed Hogs per 1001 be. #6.50.

SHAWVILLK, DEC. 11, 1902.
8HAWVTLLB
WARE-ROOMS

Mr. Tarte # Historic remark that elee
tii>oa ate not w- ii with prayers, seems tx> snply with considertble tore# to the late Ontario isfer end am farce.
Everybody buys presents—small or big at this happy season.
WWW
vvv^/wWVWW^
Àrgeotenll, Qu#., and Yarmouth, N. 8 both relumed Liberale in the by# election# on Wednesday last. Both cons tiluenciee were previously held by Liberale.
We can only say here that we can suit WllifPI*
your purse, no matter whether you are 1 prosperous or the reverse.
You will naturally feel elated and prosperous when you realize how much you can get here for a dollar.
All kinds of Xmas Goods now in stock.
Gome and see them
CSCX3B

Six hundred Austrians, who emigrated to the United States hoping to obtain immediate work, have returned home disg usted.
Cutters,
Robes,
Blankets,
Bells, Brushes, Whips, etc.
OTTAWA
Butter, print, 23c. per lb.
pails, 20 to 22e. per lb. Kggp, fresh, 2fte. per doe. Potatoes, too. per bag.
Lamb, 7 to Oo. per lb.
Mutton, 5 to 6c. per lb.
Beef, 4 to 6c. per lb;
British government is eesrehing for shipment of gold bars, consigned to President Kiuger with a view to eeiaing It am part of t he assets of the lets Transvaal republic.
M
The Pink of Montreal fend Molaon's Bank will ask their shareholders to largely increase the sepital stock of these institutions, to mast the growing demand upon the bank circulation due to the eopredecented expansion of business I Chickens per lb. 8 to lOota. throughout the Dominion.	| Geese, per lb. 6 to 7cts.
Tnrkeys, per lb. 10 to lists.
The little Vensauelao war aloud seems I Oats, 30 to 32c. per bushel, to have been dispersed. President Castro I Hay, #5.00 to #10.00 p*r Un. is reported to have rseognissd the justise of Germany's claims upon his Govern cneot and has promised to paj *P- The checking lilt's South American republics are generally impudent in proportion to their impotence; hence their frequent hemililatione.
M ACFARL A N E BROS.
Pork. $5.80 to $7.75 pw 180. Duck# (drw»w<l) 75c. to $1.00.
o
P.8. We are now prepared to furnish teamsters with loads for delivery to John McLaren’s, Coulonge Depot, at
$1.20 per cwt.
SMART & SMITH.
Wool 15 to 10c. per lb.
o
Hogs for Service :
P.'S.—Light and Heavy Harness.
1902
1902
Berkshire.
A NEWLY REBUILT MILL 1
Pure bred young Berkshire Hog, “Cook of the North." Service charges reasonable. Apply to
HUGH G. YOUNG, Bristol.
The province of Quebec has long had a claim to the championship for parsimony in dealing with its public schools. There are districts in Nova Beotia, however, which ere equalling Quebec's worst local records. The Port Hood Greetings reports ten schools in its vicinity vacant, Purebred Improved Yorkshire Hog and the reason given is that the salaries Service Fee—#1.00. offered are too beggarly to secure the	Ue Ll 111 ilVrJ
services of teachers. There is a lot of	Maple Rid8e
occasion for a growing time in connection with the public's sense of duty to the children. —Montreal Gazette.
jjlCH CLASS /p MEDIUM
ÇLARENDON
ROLLER MILLS
Y orkshire.
FURNITURE.
Remember that we are adding to our reputation as manufacturers of High Grade Flour.
Berkshire.
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables,
Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
for ïer7iœhbFee. «inœi8h Bcrkshire Hog You don’t Catch Us standing still and trying to do busi-
hetwvtNi^shawviîîPand B^son	solely on a reputation already established, No, sir !
We want Hard Milling Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. Wo have a large stock of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Trices Right.
The report that the Welsh settlers at Saltcoats, N. W. T., who came t) thie country via Patagonia, are in dire need, will arouse two feelings in our people—
one of pity and . desire to help, and the	Canadian pure I,red Yorkshire hog for
other of resentment at the perpetual re service. Fee. $1.00.	¦=
petition of this story of needy emigrants.	ROBT; JOHN WILSON,
Our sympathies are always being ap-	4th Concession, Clarendon
pealed to by tales of settlers who have been |helped to come to this country, and then left on the prairies—
usually in the autumn—without food, I Pure bred large English Berkshire Hog clothing or shelter for the winter. Of f?r ^vke- Bred from the best imported course these tain cross the seas and serve stoc 10 England. *e^jLOO.
!  --------- ^	— I R^Na^om^ny 7an rua|am.Ti^V™
)<- urvaded. Common sense should 'each ^ Machine Compiled Census. tbe two Companiesformerly known as the our emigration authorities that they	__Pontiac Pacific Junction Railway Corn-
fsp'SrE Ss
should systematically see to it thal*uch	i able to announce the number of ahe^p	thc time now	prescribed	by	law.for	the
people are adequately »«isted until they	killed in Canada in 1900. In order that	commencement	and	completion	of	the
a e ah.e to take care of themse ves. These M	,i	, . , rt railway, extensions and branches author-
I sête.-ttL 'Was»™ ---
urne wor,, a mighty damage t)lh?c, un machines/' Under the old system it was
y. on rta r.	I doubtful if the Census would be compM-
•<* by	machinery better
If, at the time of the Pacific Riilway	I Bre ll0P,d lor¦ Already its advan-
bergain, when Sir John A. Macdonald’s	t*6®e *re. evidenced by the impending
Government waa heavily aubsidzing the ""''etina regard to dead iheep, and	——
original Canadian Pacific Railway Com	moreatarlling revelations are anti Province of Quebec. \	I	book, "lavant;
lunatic. The Opposition of that day ^"ued quick,y and accurately L p to the Municipality of Clarendon, will be held in I (been successfully prosecuted *y us. We,
sirisïïüsr4Sra ™"r* c:errst	s	g&SBSaE&'S'
after the Canadian Pacific bargain, with , snk8 °‘ tb? Canadian taxpayer, and stead 0f John Stewart and Win. A. Hod- jr1011 receive special notice without charge in a second transcontinental almost cone- tboee wbo *n a moment of weakness	gins, Esquires, whose terms of office «x-1	jSeï>>minion **1*” d,stnbultd throughout
tructed. The Grand Trunk, cooperating have accepted var y census returns m	pire.	>	Specialty	Patent business of Manufac-
si	di* <? Msrsr;¦««»
ia made, and the work will be pressed 811,1 be relled 0,1 lo accomplish even more '	Sec.Treas. 5 Patent Experts end Solicitors,
to completion as rapidly as po*siby. I •*traordinary résulta.	[- | (Offices:
The policy of the Grand Old Chieftain	d * -a# n n	—	.	...	_	.
has been fully jmt fiei many years ago,	Brunet M. P. Resigns.	I CliuCrS WsiltCd*
but such a signal testimony to his fore- v ,	_	~~	---------o-
Call Mill;»»».,
the fertile provinces of the North Weal baa thiown up the sponge and resigned	Cheesemaker and Secretary for the	LUy	g	flll	llfl 1111 Fl Q
mesne greater activity in settling the hls 8eA.1, At the election trial thie after-	Cheeae & Butter Co., of Clarendon.	Ten	*	I	¦1IIIIIIIVI W
c	5s3SS£S3S
in the contest and at the conclusion of | Signed, . H. H. ELLIOTT. Free.
^	his testimony Mr. Ph. Roy, councel
Va Thursdiy last the elect in of the for the respondent, admitted that the "neighboring pioviuce of Ontario voted on proof waa sufficient end that Mr. Brunet the Referendum or in other words, wlâtia would resign regardless of the appeal
known as the Liquor Act of 1902, paased already entered in the supreme court.	,	,	.
st the last session of the Legislature, It is probable that the petitioner will Montreal, Deo. 9—Atm largely attend-which provided that if 212;723 of the abandon further procedure but some ^ a^ representative meeting of the electors of the province sad "yes" through state that Mr. Bergeron will demand that ?nd m?keri th« Dominie» the bellot box, the ber-rooma were to tne case be fully completed and die- he!d here. todsJt 11 **" decided to send be abolished, and the male of liquor qualification of Brunet asked for.	a deputation to Ottawa to ask the govern-
confined to the drug stores. This is the	______M___	ment ho place an elport duty on pulp and
third time which the electors of Ontario	rp. TYavaîIai**i	ww d, and to take other measures for the
kave been called upon to pronounce on	protection of the
Ua liquor queation, and aa on the two C0iniiBC1AL MeN Mr8T obtain uciffit previous occasions,—in view of the	m yvEintc.	were representco.
number of votes polled,—declared them-
«elve. somewhat emphatically in favor of Quebec, December 6 -At a meeting of proh b tioo; but at their previous attempt! the Q,ty Council thie evening the follow-resulted in notbii g, so alio is the'r jCg by-law waa adopted and will come into»* effort doomed 10 be non-productive to foree on Msy % nelt ._ of the ends aimed at. While triumphing
Y orkshire.


UNDERTAKING BRANCH
JAMES WILSON.
Berkshire.
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
F
Farm For Sale.
Notice.
Bclnxr the North East Half of Lot No. 15 in the 2nd Range of the township of Clarendon,contftiuingl00ft.?roflofgood clay and loomy land, about 30 acres of which are cleared. On the premises are a barn and small house. For terms and fuller Information apply to Mrs. H. Barr, North Bay, Ont., or
THE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
! J. H McKIBBON & CO.
A. LYON, M. D.
Shawville.
THE UP-TO-DATE
FACTORY I cm STORE . .
[PATENTS
H. L. MAt.TBY,
Secretary.
(Formerly McCredie & Ijodgins) Is again built up
Special Discount Sale
We have organized a special sale of everything in our Store, Includ Ingall the seasonale and up-to-date
llnesof DRYGOODS, CLOTHING, MENS1 FURNISHING, HATS and CAPS, MITTS, GLOVES and
MOCCASINS.
full line of FRESH GROCERIES. You must not miss this sale. Come In and see us an way, whether you buy or not
Public Notice.
[PROMPTLY SECURED!
and
ready for business.
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
We aluo keep a
A flill stock of Doors, Sash, Mould- Jj H. McKIBBON S C0-,
Inara, Turnings, Etc., will be kept 1	1
on hand and Custom Work done
f New York Life B’ld’g, non treat 1 Atlantic Bldg,Washington
,WWVWV^V^W\^V
DC.
(SUCCESSOR TO SILAS YOUNG)
Starke’s Corners.
THE UP-TO-DATE CASH STORE.
Highest price paid for Batter and Eggs and Fowl of all kinds.
usual.
ROBERT C. IjODCINS.
P. s.~
An attractive display of Fall Millinery comprising
Here it is I |S"T'T The Place
Ready-to-wear Hats, Dress Hats,
Feathers,
Ribbons,
Velvets, etc.
Aek Export Duty.
SASH and DOOR
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in,	„IUl
1 HI, Aga,t6 and En* I ***** I have just placed In position a
amelled Ware.
pulp and paper industry, arms in the Dominion I n
MISS A. McRAES
Shawville,
set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
9
Some are blaming the Ontario farmers for the failure of the prohibitionists to
win in the referendum fight. The big	' P A	¦ •
EeilBBBSl
machine gorm,men. h.« bemme notor.ou. of Quebw, „hioh \ shal| be d.liv.r-	8. vrn perron, were killed .nd twenty	.  , ,
theAcrwweo W,d w.ih ob.UcU.toLdby thecityclBrk	O.Urln hM voted three l,me. on the jojui>dby .n .oc.dent on I he Infreolorv "W8&tly 10110	lOWOflt
the snoces- -the temperance party, that j 2. To obtain said license a sum of three Unua of prohibiting the traffic of liquor, f?"	** Saturday night, near	Drifififi
«t eas almost a mnra\ in - s.b luy fur hundred dollars shall be paid to the city In 1894 there was the Mowit and in I$98 1 rU*°* 8e
that of getting Mr. R •*? out <d one < f the meet of »aid fine, with costa and iropns ing the vote of 1902. The prehibitioniats the Senate of Canada, and a Liberal in em”jraMing ^wti.m# m o which onment for a spocu of time not exceeding have been made monkeys of by the Lib- politics, died at hit home in Toronto es are prone to place him.	| two months.	I oral politicians.—Monteal G»sett#>,	Sunday.
#####
Sash,
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, 5bo.
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee flret-ciaea work.
Thanking my many easterners for their liberal patronage In the past, I shall look forward to a future in crease in business.
DALE BROS.,
Shawville.
he votes of 1894 »»r 1 ' f it follow-
IIon John 11 D >nahue, a member of
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
Z'i
on

% V -
%
###PAGE###5###
I
THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Zooms.
A. SMILEY, Prop

60 VIA**'
EXPEmewoe
G. F. HODGINS.
A Beautiful array of Xmas Goods ..
k
i
rOltnilD ITHT TEÜESD4T

?T »H4WVILLE, 00. PONTIAO, 4UB. f 0VêiWnm-$f.M à fiât 1* AD¥A*0£. Nfl piper • topped until »ll erreifi###
the publisher.
m

ADTeBTiemo bat* «
USÂtoKïKSlSi
sr-
Better than Ever.
W*I advertising, eight eents per line tor first loeèrtloe end tour cents per line tor each subsequent Insertion.	I Menu taken tftro
•sasszzirJ nwruo.
Of S cents per line tor first I oser Men nod A hentonmaly tllnetmied weekly. Unwt <* ft seats tor subsequent Insertions.	snlsUon of any aetenuan tournai. Term# ftfa
gai-1 ss'âE^Mïi
Advertisements received without Instrue-lions noeompanylng them will be Inserted until forbidden nod charged tor aoeordtogly,
Birth, marring* end death notleee pub-11 shed free of eharge. Obituary poetry th neats per linn.
We claim we sell the best goods on the market. The ones sold heretofore and the steady increase of Vehicles sold tell the story. Call and inspect our stock of
. Cutters,
Driving Sleight.
Robes,
Blankets,
Harness,
and Machinery,
and numerous other lines in Harness and Horse Furnishings.
We have made preparations for three of the busiest weeks’ selling in our entire history. That
Court Shiwville, means we are ready with complete stocks in every \ ,e_Te department of the store..
LO.E
a
I day of
f Court dues must be paid f promptly avory month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
the Uh Wed •very month.
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply eiseotsd. Orders by mail promptly
Extensive stock assortments are now ready in
Furs.
Mitts and Gloves.
Fur Coats, Raglan Overcoats, Handkerchiefs, Neckribbons, etc.
LB.C
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.
/. A. OOWAW, R ft.
R. W. Honores, C. R.
Business Cards.
CEO. HYNES,
¦IDIOAL
DR. IRoNAUCHTON.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
(WICK AND RESIDENCE :
si the oew house built by James Cuthbertson, opposite the Exhibition grounds.
MAIN ST., EAST.
u18HAWVH1LB, - . QUE.
UNDERTAKER,
None too soon to start buying Holiday Gifts. D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,|AUr**' w«u	*»d r^ed rt«k of | Our display this season is large and now ready-
worth your while to see the handsome display of
A. SMILEY.
Furniture always on hand, at prices
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity U at vanity, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria U ai vanity, Toronto. Mow by
to suit all classes.
SAVE MONEY
.. AND ..
BUY FROM US
IN UMDBRTARINO
Dolls Shell Boxes Games Xmas Goods Albums Trumpets Work Boxes Drums
Glove and H’d’k’f Boxes Wrltingr Desks
Watches that will
go at So each Fancy Braces Perfumes Fancy Slippers
Ornoe m Bwipawci : J. H AansraoMo's Hevea,
I also keep a complete stock of Fane-1 ral Furnishings, ranging from the I plainest requisites to the most elegant-» J Iy designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
MAIN STRUT • • 811 AW VILLI.
LEGAL.
D. LECUERRIER,
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday. Thurs
week. Office at
l
Canadian News
day and Friday of every R McC. Ritchie's residence
i
Abbj Ovli«i, Superior of theSuIpcian Or drr, one of the best-known Cat holto clergy, in Canads,died in Mon‘real Thundsy
BOURREAU RAHTILLB, LIL,
men
aged 67.
S»vt n G^ lacis na were pieced under arrest a*. Fort WiUleni on Thu siay night, charged with the murder of Stevan Roeback, a Polander.
At Means Blake and Devlin's meeting it Montreal $1,700 was subscribed to the Irish Home Rule fund,
George Wait A Co., produce merchant", _ I Montreal, have assigned on demand of JsmeiL Spied. Liabilities about $70,000.
The schooner Celtic foundered in Lake Hur n, ten miles out from Detour, Mich., and the captain and crew of seven were drowned.
BRYSON,
ADVOCATE
• e
All Summer Goods will be sold at cost and below cost to make room for new Winter Stock.
Wm. gamble,
G. F. HODGINS.
ADVOCATE, *e.,
Office : Trust Building, Jfo. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
AT SHAWVILLB EVERY TUESDAY.
L B. DEVLIN, M.A., B.C.L.
Come and see our Prices.
1	PUN	£ A
(LONDON)
ADVOCATE,

it is now rcl'l-d that * fat stock end
Will attend Court* of districts of Ottawa I	h^|d‘îu oltewVn.xl wh.tir.
and Pontiac.
190 Main St., Hull, Qvk.

J. F. GRONAU - LADYSMITH.
*
fi
»¦ ---------- Jueptph Arthur Couture, the trusted
f\ p>/\	U/DIOUT ***** al the Canod an Pacific station at
utwi w« If Iflvrl ¦ pjSt SchoU»t que, skipped out a few days
tfgo with $1,260 of the Dominion Express funds.
L
INDIA PALE ALE
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC ,
OF THE PHOTINCE OF QUEBEC,
The barley and bons used are t!ie finest that money can secure, it is a prime favori* 4.
12 MEDALS-14 DIPLOMAS.
For Agency, address 3 St. Potor Street, QUEBEC.
The byp-eVc'ions in Newfoundland returned two Opposition candidate*, leaving the Government with 30 member# and increasing the Opposition benches to six mem bet s.
Nelson Was* of Claremont, champion
plow mm of A meres, has s Id his plow m .	. ,	.....
team, Charmer and Nelly, weiging 1,760	?h« mother ând four young children of a
and 1,826 pounds respectively, for $1,200- GaIioian fttmily n»med Hmrtock were bur-
eUl" eIeCUle<1 “**“y l‘Dd	more U to Tbe-etlon, Ont, Tb. millhL Mr.J. E. Dolan, the well-known horen
--------------" SSS	* «—•
for N. remb-r, 1901, jet,owing to the in- rootiso county. _ Machinery will be in.talled for the par-
a ur.. arïïts ns Esrœn s
Will b. I. Sb»wTlUe o. IM., ol I ,?d,*	n™ 'on ,51^ ^	iSKlf'h"'	" %'%!""? IK'.T"""' l!	"il
j. * turner, CRÛS*fessi “““ " ““ “ -
wmm	###;#
hand for «1.1 Otic.: 8hawrllle,<lue.	Owing to the eba.e of the franking prlr. 1819, it a emell piece celled Maokrya in	*“5£\by ‘ . ?®n®~ Klectnwl	Gf i>. Now of the contemplated
------------------ liege, an order he. been i«aed to the ef Doonpet.iek, county Down, Ireland.	n a 7‘ '? ‘Ï* more of tbs brand Trank, but "equally," _	,	_
—^	n M nnanlJ.._ Hot I hat no free letter, will be delivered to I Hie father woe Jaroea Mackey. When au-1 ff"!*,.	^*lh*"n*	aa . Canadian Pemlie official «id today, Commencing Oct. 12 trains will leave
T M |if)H2 Iflibfifl the publie departments anleee they are I teen year, of eg#, along with hie father, I *	7Ù- ** S!!*" ™ “on aeeouht of the greet development of Canadian Pacific Union Station :
® "5: ’ ,11Iil IëI|§I	;SMM
Several parties at Mattawa and io l he only himself but a brother and sister aa | " 10 **	,neî*®uat,bl® “8oo.” The actual extension will be from I Ar* *46 p.m., WaJtham, J.v. 6.25 a.m.
Temieeamingae district have been prose well. With the energy characteristic oi hie IS. ^ ' en p|:	?• vtS ° 1 , Kleinburg to Sudbury Junction running
cuted for appropriating logs belonging to race he went to work. He moved to Oita-	0 P*nFa w ,c In wor* along the northeastern shore of Georgian
lumbermen Mr P. Mel, ii, of And was then By town, end hired with George	-* Bay
Point, Inspector for the Upper Ottawa Buchanan, working at the lumber elides	’ e refelv!‘d Wl * pleasure in
SI the Chaudière and Obata	,he Oatinoau and other districts where1
He was a volunteer nnder Capt: O P. Ba- ro,c* m,n,n*f hai been dormant for the .	.	,	4 kerat the time of the Pspinesu rebellion ^V1 fe7	,Ur8° n^ntme. of the
SBAWVILIE, 0.	........
hawvillb—	ssssssszr: ~ N~B; *" - hee?hhe
„	***** 16r *'	do*try was euocesfful Gradually he aA- Ano*h^r move in the long con’empla-	a* d will mi au an additional diaher-ement
HAVING pARf>f)RT L ifllittle more than a yrar since R. M.	quiied more property and t-ventusl'y le- Led line of the Canadian Pacific Railway	by th.i company of atx ut $260 000.
C-mpbell was carried to the grave. A few tame the owutr of many valu .ble limns. fr>tn Tor n’.i tn Rudhury has been tak*n Following are acme of the principal in-JOHN	SMITH, Proprietor W#ekn ago hie widow followed him.	H* continued to operate	tb#**e up t“ a	bv the reÿ.âfranon of the plane at	the	créas**: Passenger» d ie*om imrih of
*	”	1	"	This week, a grandchild died after a few	few )esra eg*», shipping hie	lumber mam-	(Y'SincUI Secretary’s « Ac*, Toronto,	and	lake, $108 to $126 oer moath; ea»t of tht
days llloeM; and on Tuesday morning, ly through the Quebec mark** et d amass- wiih the Minia’evf Rolwaya at Ot^w*. lake, $100 to $110 per month; branch hia daughter, Mrs. Benjamin Soo't,	i'g.a fortune eetimatHl at	at lea*' «h***	Di-cuaaing th^ m-itrer to-day, Mr.	M*i	in** $80 to $90 per ¦<»-«« Hv through
died sodden ly of heart trouble. Io not	million doTara, a great p*yi	of which t* •».	N*o II, ‘be aec«wd vea.president	i f r. ight o nloetm* $2.76 to $2,00 p*r 100
many homes dnee death .hake more rapid	hard cash, He was a p one*ri«« ihvi.i,b~r g • e« ^ nm« av r. - .tHtbe mnre levs a-	•« il s. Bayuaueim n get an increaa* of
inroad in »o short a space of time.—Rer.-	business and saw many *v*lu * * mi « ih# 11 on of the pla«>«H<. # , o necessarily me*»,	eiyh* per e^nt, and yardmen an increase
frew Mercury,	w*y of luttbeiiog ojwiat ons.	|ih*t work will b* «cumtriced imofiediatily of fifteen per cei.t.
Trust Building—
Rifles.
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1324.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
We have bought a Bankrupt stock of Rifles as
W. W. IRELAND,
follows
New Industry For Ottawa
SPENCER REPEATER, 7 Shot, 56 Cal., Rim Fire SHARPS SINGLE SHOT, 56 Cal., Rim Fire.. SHARP'S CENTRE FIRE, 50 Cal.,......
Price, $8 00 Price, $5 00 Price, $8 00
WESTINGHOUSE COMPANY TO
FACTORY.
ESTABLISH
:o
Sussex St. Ottawa.
S. A. MAC KAY, B.C.L,,
OTARY PUHLI NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND HAVING* CO., OF ONTARIO.
MONET TO LOAN ON BAST TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
QTTAWA, NORTHERN
bury."
At present the Canadian Pacific uaea
WESTERN RAILWAY.
DAILY EXCEPT SUNDAY.

4/ '
m
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY,
SILVERWARE
âc. àc.
•V i
v\
For tickets or further information apply Cit> Ticket Office, 42 Sparks St, or Union Depot. C. P. R.
H. a SPENCER, GEO. DUNCAN,
Gui. Superintendent Dis. Pas. Agent.
A
*1 :
m.
Improvement Co. was the pro. ecu tor. -
Dr. Salmon of the United States*Bureau of Animal indnet which indicates
ü
G. P. R Gives Increase

r-


GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
S
To Hi y well, watch ? he latest prices and In-foimauon in the .pedal flAOE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer end Storekeeper Tbe Hardware end Betel Merc beet
À Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or
MacLEAN PUB. CO.. Limited
III
Your Turn next


à
###PAGE###6###

"T



*4.
4 - -#

9> \


P \
*1




I *
h
i
THE POLE WORLD 0»ER.
„ w*ki. The beat aida are a free use , of warm water and a healing oint* 4 ment bn the udder while it #h inflamend » Sfeuro Ktan-a few wtwke.
«hat had been

he way
«un* m

carrying out hl» directions.
An exe ml nation causse Jatk to feel
easier. If Aleck can be gotten oh board the yacht In time, he believes their safety is assured, for the hiding-place between the bulkheads haw been so nicely at ranged that even tho most suspicious would not guess its natui*
It has tUe nilpvarancv of à large reservoir for fresh water. Tho Ingenious captain has even placed a faucet <U one point, with a kug of water on
the other side, In otatr to,further the | with cows as with building», wo
must .Have rignt foundation and Jack Is	rot slow to praise^the work,	right material,	coupled with intolll-
and the captain glows with pleasure to	gont rearing	In addition, in the	Only tho	rich	can	affond	to 'keep
find his labour appreciated by hla chief,	case of a c**w. wc must go back of	poor cows,	and they	don't,	and*	lko
Having made farther arrangements	the foundation end sc* that tjio in-	poorer a man is the	bettor	hi»	few
hand ? Besides, you	know Î would	with regard to having a	boat meet	hcritod tendencies are right	on	the	cow * should he	if	he Is to nuiko a
like to remember you	had	confided In	them at Seraglio Point Just	after dusk,	ski* of sire and dntft alike.	living. To see	a	poor man keeping
me—it	would	be	a	consolation	In	after	to take	the ladles aboard, he *uea	The writer has found that the ftire,	poor cows	Is a	night	to make	pu#
years.	There—what	more can	I	say—	ashore,	when correctly	bred, enn be depend-	„|*h at tho	ahorj^aightedn##	oj	man.
and returning a minute later has a who‘ have condemned Mercedes- Achmed Is his next victim, and a ml upon to furnish, the ajao. coloring, A poor man cannot afford to waato slip of	paper In	his hand.	stupid man,"	and	she	breaks	down	In	short consultation between the two re-	conformation and gtmehil physical	his money	on poor	cows	Usually
" NVhat's	that	?"	asks	Jack, eusptcl- ^fusion,	covering her rosy face	with	suits in a* further advance of the plot.	! type of cow s<H»f,ht bjH to the dam,	wo hoar it	said that tho poor	- ditor.s on
her hand*	The time wears on apace,	and It will	in general, wo1 must look	for,	(ho	cannot afford	to own good cows	r|t<X)|lU	io	connection	with	tiio	fail-
Jack takes them gently	hut firmly	not be long ore they may	know Just	transmission of peculiarities	of	dis-	This is contrary	to all qaporlonop ,	^ ><tf thc	Ghlneeé	<|oneralo	des	Fan-
down, and holds them prisoner. 1 Iow how «.ncvsasfuJ the plan la to be. and position and temperament ns well if ho can afford to own any ho c-nn	liquidator sent out
they flutter, but there Is no attempt f whether A lick Morton will èscape. or	ns these cljaructoristieN specially re-	afford to own the host.	000 notices iutd ho had to hire the
have his bones to whiten on Turkish 1	hit«1 to milk production, such aa	Tho poor man who refuses to *1**4	TiaéuUord one df the biggest hallr
size and shape of idler and teats, the money necessary to purchase a ^ ^ ^	^ meeting ;
¦¦¦*¦
Ü I* i=EB *1
°	^ Mace, but when the war i. on he n.sntesu at your door. In fifteen you (iitm. that it may take its nourish- ÎL can and are dorfig.	from tho oil Into a stand|l| e l-ro-
lexer must leaxe tender s< * u 1	niukt have your trunk packed bo that	n;vnt direct und in amounts to suit	]t matters not so much what kind	, ^ . wjth a burner. On igniting
more opportune period, an ace ,	j can take lt t0 tlie railway station,	An immature digestion. During the	Qj breed vou hnve, so long as tho	. torch (laics up 18 Inchat to two
enemy. So he temporarily »aya evo.1-	ehlD lt to ltomei which. 1 gneta, h lime jtB n.simil«Uon and healthy ac- aimais arm adapted to dairying, and f with a p<>wer of 1,000 candles.
ips : :c= = — :MMmi illHês
such chancy artMomon* lover*	tor dieseei and millinery, wo can re freth ekimmod milk In three daily be discarded Vrlee does not ,el' wil| J established there. They come
hard it Is to part from AvU. now^that Ceding	‘ No^mak/ »U l'imxk nwd'oŒur'Tu''its growth and	'r'.wSonictiml high ^ Price* ^‘rcct from	'amTlmnnsTr
M,eowe„clow z jâck :: .Lmcd :	,lear 8lrl	«.»	gzggrgg	,or thcir
to be somewhat philosophical mn n	He goes to hi* own item, and col-	the skimmed milk is substituted, a	xxo„l(, not by of any use to tho or-	™ ' number of 1‘hilippinc ugrlcul-
afTalr* of thl, kind, and grimly set*	Urry, who is set to woik on his	mixture of flaxseed and cornmeui	dinAry dairyman	tural products, which they bfelhsvo
his mind upon the stern duty In hand. gwn eman trunk. For a tine great sttould l>o tod, cooked, olid separated	_ dim ted to Texas cliuiato and
Nevertheless, many times during the (nergy la displayed. At the end of from the milk, in just such quanti-	'
!hr.r.irr sr & Msr "" """	„ „ jyray,%
-his thoughts revert to the mornings Jack vho hag trough Achmed, en- When from two to three months To secure maximum pi o is it. i lhvml from the following menu scene, and bring him pleasant visions.	a vehicle by the hour. He finds old. if the early feeding lms been accessory that stock should be f< I	din,lor llt n miners' hotel-Soup.
He already begins to experience the	sent Rom anJ ,hBt ,3 .ritfht. all wholesome milk, whether intelligently for the object n view.	salmon: boll-
joys of a new life It seems to him	en, load oft his mind.	sweat or sour, but^not fed inter- Rations should ho carefully ^ %%%, with egg sauce; entree
he could never havynor^hai^alt Aa he ruturns in ,hc vehicle to the changvably. will be safe and accept- pounded in order to secure a	Ju'wedlumb vegetables, mashed to
able grist for the calf's digesting per proportion Sf album molds and stewM	wlnd- *,|cry:
"tiH. if fed in reasonable amounts,	carbohydrates, or.	as it Is	caiM. »	pp£ ruined or apilcot pie.
enough	to	have	The grain ration may n*v be given	proper nutritive	ration.	Animnlj '	^	pudding: beverages. black
Sh. *2 U ^ -aU «.....	Dr.-Chase's Ototmmrt,	—“yTTVwSS
T Avia U content to alt beside	Jack. In	froali at from 24 to 28 months of--4 crowns	lift? bargain had more to
r*rs r r. n.z ktsss .	«,«» o, aOU,.
docs rot know whether heaven will be to stop growth and development nor q^ere is not a moment • without . rights over the parishioners, kind enough to	let him	Jcok on this	to have become fat or beefy. Should	some duty. Hip	1
Uvc of his again, end	the thoughts	there be a marked tendency to lay	,g Qot UlQ rcm\t	Qf	patient	working
that flock in his	mind are	solemn ones,	on fat, n mistake lias been made in	aQd waiting.
At length the	horrible	lurching, so	the breeding or ancestry.	Temperance is like	a	tree	that	has
like a ship riding cut a heavy sea at 1 During all the early life of the calf for jtg branches contentment, and anchor, ceascc, and Achmed comes to it should bo handled w11h gent vnvsa for itfl fruit pCRCe-
let them out. They have arrived, the and hrmnesu, and as the time (i & VaU no man or Woman your friend jiîftûn. lights on the water show where varl- advent of th.- hrxl calf	‘ * to whom you cannot say, lx*t us, „
cun shivs ire lying at anchor, and tho holfer i*ouK .	h q th‘ both tr\' to make this our beautiful
.*** invflntlcn. 'anil male riant In N<w i,,8t Avia U refe from the clutches of	. .	... firmnegH and good judfi- ness out of the work which then you
the Pasha. He has had a strong Idea ^ ' ls p,.revered in for a few are constrained /rom love to do. all along that It is Abdallah's intern*	¦	¦	~u	|
to put another nail in Aleck's coffin by scheming to get possession of his sister by fair means or foul, and this accounts for Jack's manifest delight at having cheated the Turkish c$.re of his prey—yes, thank God, Avis Is safe, no matter what happens to
A A « & A Æ W à i V	k ^ S --* \ iw

^V^fC A >f\ ^(v -
11
I FOR FARMERS
£	. -	. -	.- —* —««— J*—4
\
CÜRIOUg FACTS QATHEH.EV FROM ALL **ARTS.
f led and tender,¦
H « JH ™
E£F~]
I-. ¦ a .	a* owner or caretaker to continue with
»#careful Intelligent Weatnront until
her maxitnurii of profftàbleneeN wi%lr hivvo been ruaclTod, which should not bo until l\er fifth or sixth year. .
* :
Î doctor jack.
t:
Odd and Interesting Evente Which You May Never Have Bead Before.
f t *	*	1	$	,
» Artesian wells made possible thl growing Af melons in Colorado, crops being Successful « several years running, and th%'a sand storm cams along and jeobked tho melon on the
Thirty-five men are continually employed in painting tho famous Forth biidgo in Scotland. Thgy coramonc-od operations at the south end ol the bridge and proceed steadily to pi^Jt t their way northward; their laborious joertivy occupying thres /yohro; then til* bogiu again.
One of tho largest mootings of cre-
rocord was hold in Paris . 1

I
By S f. GEORGE RATHBORNE,
CiptUn Tom,” "Bitoq Sim,” *Wi* Pupae of New Ye*," "Mi* Ciprice,” Bàî.
>
MAKING OF A MODEL COW.
?
» 44
Author ol TDodot Jack's Wife,
\
deception.
%
WHY-K.ENI’ WOR VOWS?
*
v
Whtis they talk a Turkish messenger arrives at the door and Inquire# for Lawrence Kennedy. Larry goes out,
nun»
oust y.
" A telegram—sent from the office to me. I left word to have it delivered this a.m. Listen while l read It :
* Th* train is late will try to make at	.
up time to-day.* That Is a good Joke. ..	me jn thft f&ce, Avis. I have
It Is due to-night at ten. Tho chances always nai^ I wanted your eyes to be are It will reach here by to-morrow on mjne Xvhen I told you my secret. I morning,** and Larry laughs merrily, 1ove you Avls Gotl alone know# how
while Jack looks at him In wonder.___ dearly. This is no news to you. Your
What train Is that ; he manages heart has told you so before now. I
¦thought might be best	speak
" The one that bears the ferocious ( of thIg untU wc had w »n or lost, hut Turk." comes the startling reply.
“ How the duse did you know he was en that train, Larry ?" Jack demands.
At this the dude winks, strokes his diminutive mustache to his species, and drawls.
85,-
ground.
to ask.
an
il t
TM
Jack Is well pleased. This Incident goes t# prove that his opinion of Larry has not been below the mark. The spruce little chap has the making of a diplomat .'n his way. if he could only be Induced to droo the ludicrous habits he has assumed as a swell. Perhaps these are only used to conceal sentiments that he does not care for the whole world to read handy cloak such as the ohulos flaunt In the face »of the bull to divert his attention from an Imperiled picador.
While they are yet talking, breakfast Is ready, and the ladies appear. Jack fastens his eyes on Avis eagerly and hungrily—he longs to tell her what Mercedes has said and done, but dares not without first revealing his love. It would he pleasant to do this, certain as he is that his affection Is turned, but the time and place are hardly fitting. He can wait. If success crowns his efforts the reward will be all the more grateful, while If he falls—well, he cannot see how any mundane affair will interest a dead man.
So they sit down to the meal, served In a half Turkish fashion, and yet very enjoyable to the four who partake.
sort of
to Intro-
lived before.
Nevertheless, he puts in a good solid day's work, and everything he does Is carried out well. * To follow him on his round would be the best way In which we might ascertain what he managed
The
house It begins to grow dusk, time la near when they must depart.
Jack has been wise
well-
I to perform.
Passing along the street, he enters a bazaar, and Is halted by a cry of " Fezes. In the name of the Prophet,
! fezes." This la the man ho desires to Again Doctor Jack sees a busy day | „ee and goon a bargain Is struck-before him. Much has to be done In
CHAPTER XXII.
Jack buys a dozen of the Turks' head-
ridiculous thing It is. too, In summer and cold in winter,
still,
order that all arrangements shall work together and form one piece of me- vxarm
chanism, of which he himself must be w,th nothfng to *hade the eye the master key, but Jack finds time , no one cver COmes back from tho enough for an Interview with Avis 0rlent without a red fez. to be used after breakfast is over.	| as a smoking cap, perhaps.
He is guarded in what he says, as Jftck has no design ur>on tho national he does not want to commit himself headgear of the Turks, nor Is be en-Juet now, feeling that It would be a Lid deavouring to get up a corner In fezes, for his services, but try as ho will hs fcut he bears in mind that he will want cannot keep Avis from guessing Just a boal-fl ?rexv from the yacht ashore
that	they	this
lng on their beads they may t>e mistaken for Turks,
tho
approach
nn
cnn
!
how the land lies.
She is filled with wonder and delight at what he tells her concerning Aleck,
t
ami thus a false
r

and piles him with questions he Is un- ; clew glven that will be of value later able to answer. Then comes the bal- crL
ance of the story, still more remark- jack now proceeds to the water » able, and now she Is very quiet, watch- j f(1&e The handsome little Tlilstle-Ing Jack’s face, as though lt were a Q0wn \a riding to lier anchor not a window In which she can see his very
t
I
i
Among the perils to which a subcable is subject are OOOQII which swirl niuinst
l
hundred yards away, amt a whistle at-
V boat
i
marine *
vum-nt^jpeiepep
bottom crags, anil the attacks of sea . monsters, sharks, swordfish, and the
thoughts exposed.
ft
tracts attention on her <'• « k.	¦
That Mercedes should either hate or drops Into the water and makes 'or the love her Is a strange thing, and can ! ghor
only be accounted for upon one hypo- that d4»y lfl p.l8t among yacht ownerv thesis—the Spanish girl looks upon her for eVtM.y wen established vacht now in the light of a rival, and a successful hag ftfl a tender a Iwnty-ono or cne, too, or she would not have com- twenty.flve foot naphtha launch hang-mitted social harl karl by becoming ing upon davits. If tho captain tie-the wife of the Pasha, thus forever gjreF to go ashore a match Is applied putting herself and Doctor Jack apart. ^ the generator a few strikes of the As this thought comes into her mind riump giv<m# anj by the time the Avis realizes the truth. No word of lAunch drons into he water the mo-love has as yet passed between this Uve nower lB ready that will drive hero and herself, and she Is even now thf jjU|# b*aU‘y tho rat." of ten In a dreadful state of susoense -g” v mlleg an hour through a respectable ing his feelings, so lt Is only natural	lt tfl a rd,a.;fire to k.tow that
that, like a true woman, she should tl]Cfe wonderful engines are a !» ankce be terribly distressed regarding lt all. end blush furiously, much to the secret delight of the cruel Jack, who feasts his eves upon the scarlet cheeks and brow, and fights savagely within his breast to keep from folding her In his
flvs-
p
I
not pulled by brawny sailors—
li
It
the United
Commerce between States and its recently acquired territory is rapidly increasing. Shipments to Hawaii, Puerto Itico ami tho Philippines in 1897, tho year before tho war with Spain, amount-«I to only Bli.77.1,560. In lVOt they amounted to moro than $•*(),• 000,000, and in the fiscal Sear just closed they will amount to about $35,000,000. Shipments to Alaska for the last year are estimated nt
$15.000,000. made by tho Treasury Bureau of Statistics.	>	.
6
n
t.


>
v
P
a
ci
lfl

g<
gi
are
Those figure»
T
Jr
York city.
Tne launch >ut* for the shore with but one man In her -It Is the captain, tlon v ho has wisely Imagined hie new master may desire to have a private conversation with him, and where can a better place be found than while driving about upon the blue waters of the quiet Golden Horn ?
Jack takes to the	him.
hour they glide hither and thither, So. with something of a light heart while the American talks and im- ! he takes Larry with him, and heads l resses several tacts distinctly upon in the direction of the pasha’s great the mind of the captain—that he Is to wall. Achmed is given time to tera-have a boat rowed by four Jack Tars porarllv dispose of the vehicle. Some at a certain point at a particular time, one Is found who will see that the tô the mlmite~*he yacht !l to be an- antiquated affair—half way between a chorcd also at a place Jack points cut, Russian drorkv and a Parisian cabrio-wher* a black buov marks some limit let—Is taken b&ck to the owner, who —each of the men Is Jo wear a fe* and has already been paid for Its use. look as much like a Turk as possible. When the old Turk rejoins them It and frem the time leaving the yacht Is close on the time set for action, until on board again, the man who Larry has just remembered something utters a word In English above a that annoys him. and hearing the Jude whisper will lose all share In the re- muttering. Jack asks the reason, ward, which Is to be a liberal one “I'm a fool, the other replies, given to all the crew when they are shortly, safe beyond the clutches of the Turk.
Having arranged all these particulars with the English captain. Doctor Jack —	h(.st,,, •„
ilives the order, and the little IstincE	of sn()t daily, of which analysis
•e headed for the y*cht In order that ^ thut two tuns is oily mat,*.
ce
Q
T\
Many Children Out of School

XV
arms.
“ Avis—Miss Morton—I am off now business, but If this- affair goes through all right I have something I want to tell you. Should lt fall, lt may as well remain unspoken," and he turns away quickly.
Avis gives one hurried glanfce around —they are alone In the quaint Turkish parlour, Larry smoking outside the door and watching the crowds swarm fast, Aunt Sophie up In her room Avis draws a long breath and calls softly ;
*r Jack—Doctor Evans !"
He wheels Immediately and comes to
her side.
" What can I do for you T'
" You spoke of a secret ; Is it very Important, then V shyly.
"It concerns my future—my very life," he answers, looking Into her downcast face.	‘
" Well," naively, " you talk of danger f possibly not wanting to tell It later on. If you are going to be killed, don't you think ft would be better to $iev your wind of thk$ affair before*
oe
on
dt
tc
Coughs and Cold», and Parents Everywhere are Proving the Wonderful Cun atlvo Powers of Dr. Chase's Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine.
Fi
With
fCM
fc:
to
th

mi
oases that has anything like the sale of Dr. Chase's Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine.
Be careful when you buy to see that the portrait and signature . ol Dr. Chase is on the wrapper. If you send the children to the store, warm them not to accept any Imitation or substitution.* Children like to take Dr. Chase's Syrup of Linseed a*# Turpentine, and there is no remedy so prompt and effective. 25 cents a bottle; family sire, three times much, 60 cents; at all dealers,
m<
into serious diseases, they have no and	and many children who
to blame but theniEclves.	are there should be at home. What
With children it is different, be- treatment are these children gettimgf cause they do not realize the se-1 Do their parents realize the riousness of a neglected cold nor the mss of neglecting to cure a cold ? means of obtaining cure, and many n Have they proved the merits of Dr. child as he grows older and finds ( base’s Syrup of I.inseed and ur-
victim of pneumonia, con- pentlne as a oure for coughs an
or colds, bronchitis, croup, whooping
Ki-
th
th
cci
one
ou
eh
iOUSr

vel
UP
he
himself a
in
(To Be Continued.)
sumption, bronchitis, asthma	¦
throat trouble, cannot but sc© that cough, end all kindred Ills 7 his parents were responsible for ne- Very many have, for there Is no gltcting treatment when hi# ailment [preparation-for throat and lung ^
ho
flo
80
chimney» emit
Edmonson, Bates A Co , Torofct#*
*
«

	


y




###PAGE###7###

7‘
, v

If




h f

% ^
I 9



?
INOCULATION EXTRAORDINARY.

STORY or LORD MJNDONALD.
Aride - OAiHtJfe'm
' Results from common soaps: ecfcema, coarse hands, ragged clothes, shrunken flannels.
-/£*Jtâ Ar&y. /by
fîUwuJzrfiL,	and/
of the Punjab
Government
Province of India, under Sir Chark* Hivae, K.C.H L, h*» Just undertaker!
may !w deeciibyd me the blg-goHt bacteriological enterprise the world hem yet iwen. Lonrtnced that
mean* of fighting W plague. It ham * undertaken the gigantic tnek of in-oculuting 7,0U0,000 of the people
the next live month*. 8ur-
The
When Lord Dundonnld entered with the mounted troop# into Ladysmith*, a portion of the garrison went to welcome the relieving force, the advance party was under ---- of a young officer noted
Ceylon Tee.1# the finest i
Tee the world produce., SSÿtVCrSïîTÏ ana IS "ibid only In load «iu;‘‘l|y forward, and, after ««luting
-	Lord Duiidonald, said, us coolly a«
packets.	though it hud been a mere ramial
Black, Mixed end Green. ?/,Tl,V'K	,"""'! *‘roet- London-
1 Hallo, Dundonnld* how
out
and
what
the
command
Sunlight
is the only effectual
&/Hs
geon-Mojor Bnnnermon, Superintendent of the Government Ilaboratory* ut AombaV. hue received Instructions to he ready to supply plague eerurn ut the rate of 50,000 (Iohvh a day.
SOAP
REDUCES
expense
t
y
lean ta drinkm try ‘Salads* Grata tm | Pieeyed to see you Whiten about
For sheer stoicism this
eo ri t ew li 4Mr*|||||||||||||||||||||||
wunte some beating.
« >
i
KID8ÏÏ TROUBLE.
OUR
HOW HE ESCAPED A WETTING
Under circumstance* which the Liv- I fPDP	V
erpool Post reports, Profenor Blank, | AAlül 01UM who was born dry, and is prono to thrust his dryness upon others, ro-
poured, anil dry gravel and cement t* turned from the outride of the ring to the centre. This will bé pulled out again from the centre and more water added until the mixture becomes of the consistency of thick cently achieved additional porridge, so it will run down but for himself.	J^H|
not be soft. The proportions In	He wus among a large party
which gravel or cement can be used shooting on the moors of Scotland, dejends somewhat on tpo strength of Suddenly a heavy storm of rain the cement. With good Portland came on. No shelter was ut hand, cement, one part of cement to six nnd the sportsmen were drenched.
There is no trouble more dangerous or F<won €,f gravel could be used for All, at least, but Professor Blank, to life than disease of the kidneys, lho lo'ver P*rt of the floor, but this Ho had mysteriously disappeared for the reason that before any spe^ Hhould be covered with a venocr of M hvn tlio rain came on, and rejoined dal symptoms have made themselves 0110 Pnrt of cement to twV of clean the party when the sun was shining manifest, the disease has usually as- Ieand- lf nn extra fine hard finish	To their amazement, the
Burned a formidable character. * The	r0fiuirc*d use equal parts of cement cri,d,to one was as dry ns one of his "at "ortnge, Ont., Dec. 1.—(Spa-
symptoms that first manifest them- a”d rN,md ,	° “Hnw	^
solves are usually weakness in the Poforo ^ylng the stable floor n	d,d manage to escape a vnow« li
small of the back pains in the re I K°°d foundation should he prepared, wetting? growled one of the drip- ormer mayor, and one of the oldest
•	SPü
more «were, and* frequently termin- kJi^ht	,rom the mnn**r «> thc	0 *'	,V>A û"d amv,,ly' ...	.. . . #
ate in dropsy Itright s disease <>r gutter. The plan of cow stable	---- ' , A Pioneer of Oils district,
diabetes. Dr. Williams'' Pink Fill J wb,ch is goncraily preferred has a	CASH ONLY.	Humes tells many tales of early life
arc a specific for all kidney troubles,	f,fl,|nre gutter two	feet	wide	and	ln a certain court,	the	other	day,	!"	I^10 ^ ,<!fl uf *cw	J>u.t
and have cured many casern after all cjy‘lt inc^P	< 10 ,evel of Ul° i a badgering counsel found u tartar ,( . morc 1,1 (1,t*l,ng than the fol-
othcr medicines have failed. Mr. L.	oc ,	1 bi" putter is first hn the person of a witness in a cose °.,fn* '	.	...	.	...
Lussier, & well known navigator of I 5?,° ftnd 1,10 cement laid in it. where a clothier sued a customer for ^	vî.ri ' -v troubled with
Sorel. Que., gives his experience fori	Iben ft boftrd mould	i# Put up	and U suit of clothes.	c'°?ll‘la,nt 1 Ruficr<?d «evere-
the benefit of other sufferers. He	th® c<i,nent Put behind	the boards	The counsel's point was that the	,y	*ilh Pain"fcro” m*v bftck’
buys “For several years I suffered and thc boArd" left there until the action war irrelevant, and his client A * B<’nl<lin^ burning sensation very much from kidniy trouble. The	ccmcnt *otfl flrm*	was entitled to	at	least	three	.wbci1 urinating that was very	pain-
symptoms usually made themselves I ^ LAYING CONCRETE I months in which to pay the bill, manifest by severe pains in the back only ,nuch os can be conveniently mid *t was bare-y that time since and kidneys, nnd sometimes they ,0ncbed' eny a piece four feet square clothes were got. would be so bad that I would be should be laid at one time. All the	, ^ow, *4-	1
confined to my bed for several dare 8luddinK necessary in the construe-rhe witness,
at "a time. I tried a number of djf- tion of the «Hills should be met -on MnKUad	I.
ferent medicines, recommended for «tones and the cement put round bnw Hunimoi^d me to court at this	. #
thc trouble, but got no relief. nnd thcm Great care should bo taken Btf*e? ,,	ft w«s not long till my acquaint-| 4.
ass. % rrjïïF»•«a'ssriS-’s.TJ! sps. ^ -1 -t
;L\rA‘.“arr;,sia,K .v^1' s	/=", f»...
nmdlrlno Ï "sloT' Tit thnt^theM	to “harden	suflV SOUTH VIA WASHINGTON. tured ^ Dodd^H Kidney, rills.”	A	thb LHADIIfQ
pills were not like the other medi-	cie»try to use, and it will not be-	Philadelphia, Atlantic City, Haiti-	n	  ^	Iim|uamRu
cinés I had been taking, for in the tome thoroughly hard for six or more, Washington, Old Point Com- n ,Janyary 1st the earth is about •• nCSiaOllIiai UniVfirGliy course of a few weeks 1 began to *°.vcn monflis after having been put | f rt, and the M^uth via Lehigh Val- Ulr(?n	niiles nearer to the ••	OF CANADA,
experience great relief. >1 continued I ^n-	stones can and should be # Railroad and ifs connections. SUn than is 011 t,lü I«t of July. * * Trinity OT«r*s the long d* bed escape
taking the pifhi for a couple of	uspd in the construction of a con-	. our fast exprès trains daily for	  X	^gbb^VZlîht4*
months, by which time all symptoms	cote wall, if pains are taken to see	Washington, Asheville, Southern	Ml'njlfffç	I jnilT Pnf PllfPC PfllHe pfe	v	from the High&*hociHand from
of the* trouble had disappeared, and that they are covered with at least Pines, Charterton, Savnneh, Jack- milia,U d LIUIll.Ull UUlCd UUlLù| CIL, .•	l°e
the slightest Itwo in<h(,fl ot cement on either side, lonxille, St. Augustine, Palm Beach,	.	—	I	C°hou^Vlf* m aUg#
A concrete wall one foot thick is Tampa, Miami, Nassau,. Cuba and all Sheffield uses two million ring- 4*	»«range chy.
strong to carry any Florida and winter resorts south hones of oxen yearly for knife
ExCursiih tickets» now on sale. For handles, full-particulars, illustrated literature, maps, etc,, call on or address Robt.
B. lewis, Canadian Passenger Agent,
33 Yonge street, Toronto, Ont. •
Don’t
BRANDS.
0 0
King Edward
Experiment
wltt
other and
Inferior
brands,
A DISEASE THAT OFTEN TEE-MINATES -FATALLY.
IF A PRISONER,
1
ysw
ËjSBfŸ
, oî Sorel,
a. s. barnes, of rat portage, TELLS OF THE TRIALS OF THE EARLY SETTLER
tfr. L. Lussier,
Tells
How He p ver came the Trouble After Repeated Failures.
“Engle "
"%17T
11 Victoria M
USE
CO.
Suffered Terribly From Kidney Complaint, but Was Speedily Relieved and Cured by Dodd’s Kidney Pills.
EDDY’S
"little Comet"
HULL,
CANADA
Rat Portage S. Barnes, father of a
| AGENTS WANTED %'%%%%%
l on end Mouth A rIran Wer Be I Baying efeocM çlnjc^ Write for terme. UaDERWOOD 4UAUAJ6-
A (lift W(>rlh fining
trt l
61 Adelaide Hl Torwotc Oat
APmcnt Worth Having
Turkeys	{
*	w Geese,	3,000
f\	g Ducks, A	le.ooo
IjppCp	X Chickens	to fill
UCCOC	$ our order,.
W you have any it
Ducks	$ .*«; r	“
mi •	|	* Wc also	want
Chickens
™ Dawson Commission Co., united
TORONTO.
r" WEBSTER'S
International Dictionary
of INGUSH, Biography, Biography, fiction, itc.
The Oaa Great Slaadard Aatherity.
The N.w Edition has 15,000 h* words. 064 paces. WWllhiHralkma. New rUaifa Ibreuwhoot.
Mr
If
:
I«ct Ua Send You "A Test h PronundaUos
Affords yleaaaat and fastnyil— awtartatpaMt*. ^
AUo U slMtrr’s t olle,l|»t« jRlcti«p^ry. pSfrs. Il*>111wtralkmâ. ikeftiOxIC-IM # •'Firtt^Ues tn mjHy. >wn4<leii tn eke.* tite rAMfUiJTTt ALSO rni
ingfUÏTiii
£
US»
fui
6. AC. MERR1AM 00., Putt, Epr
Hast
#" Though 1 had little faith in proprietary medicine*, I had a box of to ) Oodd'ii Kidrjpy Pills in the
To «end for our Co
plete Sheet Music Catalogues and Special Rates.
MUSIC
Teachers SaSEs?
WANTED
house
Now, sir," said the counsel	¦¦¦¦¦
had 1 got the clothes ]	1 bad procured for my wife, and
my client, would you
# «
t ALL WHO HAVE SONS OR DAUGHTERS
• • Preparing for a University Course should make enquiries about
commenced taking thorn with good effect.
of
the • •
WHALEY, WOE 8 CS., Limited
158 Yonge
TORONTO» OiTT.
F
TRINITY
UNIVERSITY
smart too, and .. in better health ..
356 Main Street, WINNIPEG, MAN.
years. My was completely
Fend as $1.50 by postal nota Or money order, end we will well you 4 nice nickel-plated witch. ea/trn-itoi h r cno year. Both r oh and po;r u*e it end are p e*,nd with lr. McKenna Sc Co., 94 Et. Peter 8t, Quebec. Canada.
WATCHES
Dominion Line Steamships
Montreal U Liverpool. Beet on to Liverpool. Perilled to UvarpooL Via Quota»-
Large end Piet Stramohipe. Superior for all cleaeao of pa*r«itg«ra Soloeae ire amHrbip*. Special attention ha*
Second K doom und Thlrd-Cîl Mee of passage sod all particular*, apply of the Company, or
ItietaMs. Mill* 4 Go,
7T State St. Bootee.
1 have not since had return of the disease. These pHls also'strengthened me In other ways IFuflkient 1 y
nnd I believe them to be the best of I barm This makes n thoroughly dry all medicines
Mcomn edstlm ami Stater:#
i I
atioD t te any i
O
ira
bent riven imeiud»uoi
In order to mulct it«
h!2!
an accom
and warm rtablc wall. Fine stone Dr. Williams’ Pink Pill* enrich and |fr®m a «tone crusher is An excellent nourish the blood and strengthen the material from which to make, con-nerves. It is thus that they cure *iet4> A barrel of rock cement will such troubles ns dyapcinna. kidney ,fty square feet of 4-inch floor, ailments, ,rbcumn*i8m, partial .Dam- °°o<1 qualities of Portland cement lysis. heart troubles, St. Vitus’ should do more then that, dance and the ailments that make I lhc u#c of corrugated sleepers the lives of so many women source of misery. Do not take pills without the full name. "Dr. | which would form the ceiling of the Williams’ Pink Pills for Palo Pco- I "tory below. The sleepers should pie," on the wrapper around box. Sold by all medicine dealers or
®°nt post paid at 60 cents a box or Iturc solid. Such a fix boxes for $2.50 by nddretwinfr *ny leakage through the space the Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Incath.
Brockvllle, Ont.
» •
RESIDENTIAL COLLEGES
ENGLISH SPAVIN LINIMENT
D. Tor ranee 40a. Multireel end t’orUesA
am comiilete as possible, aqd to plaee Education afford ad by Trinity University in the very froafc rank of . the Universities of Canada, some of the business men of Ontario are ex ponding the eom of a quarter of a million dollars for thete purposes.
It will intereat you to kn+io how th>a money is being expended in the intertnta or your aona and daughtera. and to have Information aheulthe viUoahle Burcarle* and ticholeriAipe, Includisg ** MacAenxie Hnr caries * for Preeb Students, and many others which are opt n to students of all creeds and of both sexef.
A post-card, addressed as below, will bring yon by return mail Hook (free) showing the University mod Co lege Buildings » and Grounds sad kivirg much va uablo information about the courses of study. The Unlver ity Calehdar may also be obtaiaed by ad dre-Mng,
XT. C. STREET WACKIEM, H.A. LL.D.. D.O. I -	TORONTO.
the
removes nil hard, no ft or calloused Lumps nnd Blemishes from homes, Blood Spavin, Curbs,Splints, King Bone, Sweeny. Stifles.
tide*. I he days are now half a sco- ever known. Sold by all druggist* ond longer than they were in 1802.	'
Men and bet* send your full nfcie **•! po*t utLue
FREE
The earth is
a
rteebe by reurn mal eomelh.ng that will Intel est y an, soir#-I h ag y u all wan» Tlila •* no fa»e, bit tiling you Will
a | made like railway rails it is quite nny I practicable to make a good floor
at
lighted tv knew acd hare. Write to-day. Andres*.
_	Dept. B, VIM SUPPLY OO.,
*	Hamilton, Ont.
The more perfect a piece of work the more imperfections the imperfect mind can see in it.
the
HOW ADVERTISING GROWS.
yur an
the | preferably be made of iron, and laid I N. W. Ayer & Son, the "Keeping sufficiently clone to make the struc- Everlastingly At IV* Advertising
floor prevents Agents, of Philadelphia, have found
be- it necessary to move into new nnd larger quarters at 300-306 Chestnut
street in that pity. -This announce- ! I! , .P	L
ment will interest many publishers, 0'’0 Vvs6,>ls of ordinary dimensions; because Ayer & Son are so widely | thos<^ of London about 22,000.
(known as promoters oÜ 6 cw spa per publicity. They began business thirty-three years ucp, with two people, and an annual business - of $15,000. They now have otic hundred and ninety employees, find have for years done the largest advertising business In the frorld>' The difference between then and now is, they say, simply the result of making newspaper and magazine * edver» tising pay their Customers.
Minard's Liniment Cures Diphtheria
CHENILLE CURTAINS
sod ill kinds of kooso Uniifi
lice cumins oy,loi*
Writs to us about yours.
MITitW AAIIBIOAM >rima 00., Mi ISO, Mentrwl
an lilustrated

The Liverpool docks will hold 20,-
F. W. H0D80N, Live Stock Commissioner
CONCRETE ON THE FIRM.
Wood * photo. Engravim,
^j.i jones Eng
•160 BAY STREET-101*0*10
Deafness cannot be curea
The best way to cure indigestion Is to remove its cause. This is best done by the prompt use of Dr. Koenig’s Hamburg Drop», which re^ gulutc the stomach in an effectual manner.
Young Sprigg—'Mr. am worth $25,000 and I love your daughter” Mr. Bidquick % (retired auctioneer)—"Sold !”
---	! I»fumed coodVlsa of Ihs mucous llnisgef the
5yZTBtiotdîr7oL!sCB^7' I	rS
Farmers’ Institute.	I. deofaw le the result, aid nalws the inflam.
Wherever a farmer is building new I	oo*4itUn. tearing "wÿYe* de*,
born* or changing bin ,u,b.„s. the
question of thc use of concrete for flamed condition of the roucoa» surface», floors and walls is a live oimv	w. will ,H, On. Hmndr.d Dollar,tor aaj
In a country where lumber is com-	earldTy Sïïîî'cîtMrb Curà^Seîd
tt*Kr •e&fstmssijtom
and cheapest substance that can be of the Sovereigns of Europe, 21 employed. The first great quality is haVc no direct male heir.
Its durability» Properly put down it is practically indestructible. Then It i/i water tight, and will help in saving all the liquid voiding»/of the
animals, nnd this in farm practice 330 pounds of wheat and 150 to-day is a most important matter, pounds of meat is the average con-l ully 50 per cent, of the fertilizing gumption of food by a Briton in one value of the manure is in tho liquid [ year. '	s ’
portion. By having concrete flnorg ‘ *	—-------------------
and using plenty of absorbents this ¦¦ ÊtÊÊ ¦ saved and put on the bind where it will do the most good.
Concrete gravel or There are several
Xmas. Furniture
*
Bidquick, I
FREIGHT PAID AND PACKED FREE
to any station in Ontario, proportionate allowance to all outside points.
The average Russian loses 21 days in a year from illness, an Englishman less than 11 days, and an Australian only 8 days.
Vmr Orew *txlr rear».
A" 9L£ Q WILL Taie» R«mbz>t. - Mn Window* Heothlnt8yru»hM keen need tor ore* »iu, resn by ml hum. of «other* for their vhtidieu whi’e leethihf. with perfect euccew It loothe* the chii.l,
jrnrÆttTrw ^
fade. Hold by draff Ut* in or erf pert of the word. Tweuty.llte cenu • bottle. Its reitie Is Irtnlcmlsblo
yri““i" 8""t
BY BUYING DIRECT FROM THE MANUFACTURER
’ You mate the middleman*? profits, get your goods at city prices, and have no packing or freight charges to pay.
THE MOST POPULAR DENT I PRIOR.

CALVERT'S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
$15.00 TURKISH COUCHES
All Freight Chargee Paid.
M's unaeni Cures cows « Cons.
t;
,4k #

A YOUNO SOLDIER.
largest lighthouse the SkerryVorc. It contains 4,308 tons . The youngest soldier who has of masonry and cost £90,268. It served at the front. Drummer-boy was built in 1844.	I Willie Sturgess, youngest son of
Scrgeant-Instnictor Sturgess (Prin-Monkoy Brand Soap makes copper I cess of Wales' Own Yorkshire Regi-like gold, tin like silver, crockery nient) has just returned to Northlike marble,	nnd windows like Allcrton, England. He was only
crystal.	•	13 years oId when he went oat last
December.

t ?
i
van nil be
r
with the beat
Upholstered in the best French Velours bun tufted,g| ¦ patent clamp buttons which never come off. Best tempered steel springs All over, head, seat and edges, soft as a cushion, best quality fringe *11 round, beautiful roll head-piece,making an exceptionally handsome am well as one of the most durable and useful pieces of furniture. REMEMBER we pay all freight chargea and guarantee to deliver same Xmas
Eve if desired.	______________________
20 MILLION BOTTLES
BOLD EVERT YEAR.
is a mixture of cleon pure sand and cement.
kinds of cement. I In Ontario they have natural rock I cement, which is manufactured at Quvenston and Thorold, and this while not as strong as the Portland | cement, is chewier and does very well, in some Ejections the Portland ceincnj, wifi be the best to use LAYING CONCRETE FLOORS dors not require skill which nn intelligent farmer cannot supply. First make a solid smooth floor, 12 feet square, two inch lumber preferred. Then a bo Y without a bottom should be made in which to mix thc gravel and cement. T^his can be nmdo of such a size ns Id accurately measure the gravel or sand. The gravel and cement are then ptit into this box in the proportion required, the box taken off, and the mixing of cement 'nnd gravel or sand thoroughly done with a shovel. It should be shovelled over twice at any rate, while it is dry, and shovelled up into ». cone ; then before applying the water the cone should he pulled dewn making tke mixtuhe In the «form hollow In floor. Into

Marie—"Why is Mr. Puffer in such
rih u r he wouldn't
a hurry to marry Maud ?" —"IIo promised her smoke while they were engaged."
AN AD MIHAIL I FOOD
flS.CO
EPPS’S
FOB MAINTAINING 100UST HEALTH
COCOAIi
JN (IVO CLIMATES,
D. HJastedo & Co.
•6.00 Upholstered
fCOBBLER ROCKERS,
r
Easy Chairs
Messrs. C. C. Richards & Co.
| Gentlemen,—My three children were dangerously low with diphtheria. On tho advice of our priest my wife be-
MENT. In two
FEE It HT PAID,
; ffiAOC
, MARK.
FREIGHT PAID,
the use of MINARD’S LINI-
hours they were greatly relieved, and in live days they were completely well, nnd I firmly believe your valuable Liniment saved the lives of my children.	* .
\
Happiness Is the absence of pain, and rail-
SPRAINS. BRUISES and all pains tor which an external remedy can be applied. It never falls to cure. Thoiis^-d -s who have been declared Incurable et baths and In hospitals have thrown away their crutches, being cured after St. Jacobs Oil. Directions Uveleven


NE
c*
AC
Upholstered In best English Tapestry, spring seats, bun tufted backs and* arms ; extra strong and
Sol!d Oak and Mahogany finished frames, best leather cobbler neatly carved, well braced, making a Portable. Delivered Xmas Eva if de-|m08^ suitable chair for any room in
71 KINQ ST. EAST, TORONTO^
30 Years In the Fur Trade In Toronto.
Gratefully yours, ADKLBBBT LEFEBVRE, Mcir’s Mills, June 10th, 1899.
com-
Manufacturers of Furs of every kind, roe uaiir *we mre weae.
Hood for Cat#leg.
Morchaats wiil find it pay to sort
up W.tb us.[
IV iff awigOkN^l NO. Prompt rstvrrs. Hhlp by express.
homo. Delivered Xmas Eve if
CONQUERS
PAIN
d<sired
A full-sized < igar contains ns much ris two grains of nicotine; a pipeful of tobacco not more, as u rule, than two-thirds of a grain. Z
Freight Paid. 94.3s
Freight Paid, S3.29

THE BUFFETT FURNITURE GO., LIMITED,

OMIS «TK1
of ft ring, leaving a the fWntVd* bare to the kLJs water should be
Minard's Liniment Cures Distemper. I pf1
341 YONOI ITMIT and f. 4, 6. # 10 end it
NOTE.—Send 1er our Catalogue ol Xmas FurpJtur*
T, TOMNT i.
WPO 1131
###PAGE###8###

OUR
MOTTO IS
E. HODCINS & SON'S ADVT.
Take a look at it Î Almost every man, young and old, has bought Suite repeatedly from us. What there is in our line for them is also in it for you. We are the only tailoring establishment in town,
e
TJp to date we have succeeded in smashing all previous records in Shoe selling, but Still
satisfied,
Best
Possible Values For your Money.
e
we are not
e
1902 XMAS 1902
e
Here’s another one of these good things that always seems to find their way to this store—
$
Every season our sales show a substantial increase. In 1901 we did 76 per cent, more than any previous year, and so far, our increase for 1602 is breaking all previous records.
----OIL TAN MOCCASINS-----
Warranted all hand made. Will not rip, freeze or soil your socks.
We extend a hearty welcome to anyone who visits our store during the rest of this month. The holiday rush is on but we will try to serve
our customers well.
BRING YOUR HANDS TO US.
We have one of the finest assortment of Gloves and Mitts ever shown in Shawvillc—all bought direct from the manufactures.
Yours truly,
A. R. McGUIRE,
The Tailor.
4
o
The Boot & Shoe Store, '
M. STEWART, - Shawvillc.
We have our regular stock of Xmas Groceries and Holiday Goods, and in addition we have several lines of goods which we offer at
Bargain Prices, as below.
THE FAVORITE j^g Christmas Spirit
COOK STOVE I	r
IS THE BEST MADE.
MENS’ PALL CAPS good value at 50c for 25c.
KIDD MITTS and CLOVES $1.00 "	75c.
LADIES’ WINTER BLOUSES

Is Abroad
a
76c. “
50c.
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
35c.
50c. “ 25c. “
n
it
it
AT
WA*M
WAINMAIT’S.
10c.
GENT’S and BOYS’ TIES
All our Holiday Stock is now opened out and in readiness for the fray* and special values will prevail during the next three weeks.
also
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
We are reducing our prices on all Furs left in
stock. Get our prices before buying.
We extend a cordial invitation to everybody to visit our Store during the Festive Season.
\ full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
E. HODCINS & SON.
We desire to express our thanks to everybody for the liberal patronage bestowed since opening up business.
G. E. WAIN MAN, SHAWVILLE.
F. S.—Highest price for Hides and Felts.
Wishing one and all a very Merry Xmas and Happy New Year, we are yours to serve, * ‘
425,000 votes were cast. The prohibi tioniste werj required to get half this number of neatly 213,000. They were more than a hundred thousand, lion. G. W. K «es does nut think the I 4*lt must alio be remembered that in a Province is yet ripe for prohibition, tie matter of this kind th* men who do not is inclined to believe the contention of vote are fair y to be counted in the the liquor men that politics played an negative. This would add another 300,-important part in the voting. ** For in- 000 to the number who have shown stance, * ho says, “ in Toronto the maj- ! themselves opposed to prohibition. The ority against the Government waa over figures, therefore, prove that prohibition 300, whereas the majority pilled in favor has been emphatically condemned, and of prohibition was 1,631. lu 1898 the the emphasis cf the condemnation is devote in Toronto was 2,827 against the j dared by the fact that the vote has Government. A curious circumstance in i greatly fallen off as compared with other the election is the vote in North Toronto. ' occasions on which the mstter has been
Borne Opinions of the Referendum
j?\ Pointer Desirable Farm Property
rilKMIKH R 8S 8 VIEWS
1
The undersigned desires to sell the undermentioned farm property, situated in the Township of Litchfield, two miles from the village of Bryson, and intersec ted by both roads leading to Portage du Fort and Shawville
North West Half of Lot No. 20, in the first Range containing 100 acres, with eight room dwelling house, large kitchen, and all necessary outbuildings ;
Also. South East half of Lot No. 20, same range, containing 100 acres, and having thereon small dwelling bouse with all necessary out buildings ;
¦ South East Half of Lot ffb. 21 in same range, consisting principally of bush
If you arc engaged
in auy_kind of
business
you make a
mistake if
you do not invest
a dollar or two
with *
T. W. WILSON 4 CO.
the fulfilment of the demands, will alone avert naval action.
The survey for the new line of the
WILL «HZI WARSHIPS.
fvated by a majority of over 200, and yet . sentiment has been declining, and now j Walah, prohibition carried there by a majority may be regarded as dead forever in On-
of over 1,475. Mr. Master advocated j ta no Now that this result has been way or juanoucK, norm uot or, ivi corn the House every amendment to the achieved, men who furnish accommoda- mond, Burritt’s Rapids, Merrick ville and Iqoor act which waa proposed by the tion to the public will feel at liberty to North Augusta to Brockville
Also
html
On the above three lots, there are about 76 acres cleared. The property is well watered (partly by the Ottawa river), is well adapted for dairy purposes, owner's reason for selling is illness family.	^
For terms and particulars apply to
J. H. CHAPMAN.
Bryson, Que.
t qoor set wnitn was proposed oy tne tion to tne pu duo win ieei at noerty to North Augusta to Broekville. It U exprohibition party, and on that account go ahead and Improve their premises, ! pected that the road will be in operation I* had a special claim to the support of pro which they were naturally somewhat j next hibitionists, yet he was defeated.	[ afiaid to do while there was any posai hi
lity of doubt aa to the result.
and
VAEAHIFS ARRIVE,
Caracas, Veaesuels, Dec,
The
6. - The
German cmiiere Gazelle and Panther, sod the German training ship Btoeh have arrived el Willemstad, Island of Curacao.
in hi*
summ
The Printer
After Quebec Lend
WHAT PRINCIPAL CAVAN THINKS.
Toronto, Dec. 6.—-Principal Cavan, of Knox college, in an interview regarding
there.uk of the referendum	no,,, T,g kbhtlt or, k.vot vok-anu
•• There is a remarkable falling off in ! ««timate is considerably smaller than before receiving the report of the colonisa the vote as compared with previous votes j ^at previously reported.	tion commission appointed during last	By fire in the Lincoln hotel at Chicago
in the province.” eoid Mr. J. R Dougall	j sees ion for such purpose. .	on Wednesday last, which however did
of the Montreal Witness. '4 The reason Awftll Chain of Consequences. The Premier said there were sixty eight not dest ey the building, twenty three for this in my judgment is that the people |	——	! millions of seres in the northern p»rt of persons lost their lives.
tun io thty stayed at home. The fall- below the market price. Then hi, property Ameneen cpitali.le, offered to purch.se ‘“5^ 1 lhe ir.. If on the neg.tire »ide I. quite aa wanold fort.xea becauee he didn’t read twerty-tive million, of wre. at $1.50 an ,n,P° *” “ norDtia a *• noticesbh as on the other. The liquor the treasurer's ssle. He was si rested snd | «re. If he had sold i hat land st the Thoe. Fa ugh t, Jr,. of Roes Township men exerted themselves to the utmost, fined $8 for going hunting on Sunday I Pr|c® offered it would undoubted y hare was killed m a lumber camp in the Town-but the people would not come to the «imply because he didn’t know it was | P*id off the debt of the province, but ha ship of Trill, and the remains were buried polie. As to what effect the vote will Sunday, and paid $300 for a lot of forged ! did n t consider it in the interest of the iu Fonstet’ e Falls last week.
ssrd sss	I ,'”,J """ “•	«- - » ** «%
with attention. The situation as a whole I to kick him all the way to the newspaper strikes me as being encouraging for the | office, where he paid four in years advance
They have done I «nd made the editor sign an agreement to
i.” knock him down and rob him if be ever ordered his paper to be stopped.
Many Livre Lost
SYNDICATE MADE AN OFFER TO COVER»-MENT BUT IT WAS DECLINED.
Cb&t Communicatee With
World.
to show people what you are
Farm for Sale.
London, Dee. 6.—A despatch to the Daily Mail from 8t. Petersburg says that Phillips,who is said to have extraor-
doing.
Being lot part of No. 12 on the 2nd range of Clarendon, containing 160 acres, more at less, of elegant loamy land, 116 acres of
which are cleared and stumped and in a
good state of cultivation. There are 4» acres plowed, 10 acres to plow and remainder in hay and pasture. The cleared land is ent irely free from stone, well fenced and well watered. This farm la situated 4 miles from Shawville, 6 from Portage Fort and fl from Bristol Corners, mm has erected thereon a good, well finished dwelling house, large frame and log barns, 4 span stable, large cow shed, stone milk house, 30-foot woodshed, 40 foot carriage shed and all other necessary outbuildings. Clear title can be given. For terms and all other information apply to the owner on the premises or by letter to Shawville R O.	WM. H. COTIE,
Owner
Envelopes. Letter Heads, Bill Heads, Statements, Cards, Ac. at moderate cost and do the work well. Try a sample order;
SAYS PEOPLE ARE TIRED
<!u
SAVE MONEY
¦/>» J 01 N ! N G Zhc
MUTUAL LITERARY MU5ICCLM
The Equity.
izud
To Seise Warships
The ten-year-old son of Wm. Kearns,
Ottawa, while playing with his sister, tripped and struck bis head Against her
ref erenoe to the people were not unfair, A Brest Norman, two mile# from Rat I will allow the briefest possible period for IAM ^ *now *° do *• ** throw Nov. 9th. while i new * died on Wsdn and they had not received half the nom-| Portage, destroyed 26.000,000 feet of a reply from Venesuels. Preeideat cigarette smoke into their hollow heeds dsy night at Fort Saskatchewan where ber of votes they were required to get j lumber, 80 dwellings and 6 tegs and t team f Castro• unconditional accceptanee, I *n « hopeless dises aft er braies, snd to hawse hBDrieoi.ed wait me in*) H# Iu the provincial election of 1898, some I launches.	J aeeompanied by adequate guarantees for ! ****** lbsir »*•****• into smoheetasks. gfeg s ntxng maniac. *
Notice.
OF AMtKICA
tempérance e’emeut. ¦ . |	¦
pretty well under all the circumstances
BRITISH AND GERMAN ACTION AGAINST
VENEZUELA.
samsssmm
and Instrumentai new music web month, 18 in nlU also a Certificat# of Mrrobendiip • rive* the privilege of Club Room in Hew Cwj, and of buying literature, music or mu-rstrurifntH (.f any deeeription atwholeeai#
SftS.'CTESA
York
OUNG,
Pre*.
For Sale
A pure brad Yorkshire Hog, 11-2 year old - correct bacon type. Intending perchas ere apply at once to.
v JOHN STEWART,
Lot 28th, 8th Range, Clarendon




*
