###PAGE###1###
No. 25
18th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, DEC. 0,	1900.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
The result of the parliamentary elections on the 7th instant, so far as this province is concerned, is being likned by the Liberal press to that of 1882, wh<n Sir John Macdonald carried 48 out of i he 06 seats. There are several différencia however, Sir Wilfrid Laurier has ca-riid practically 68 out of 05 seats, and id 1882 no part of Sir John Macdonald's cam. paign implied a censure ou a French speaking public man for sending his children to be educated in English schools.
W kwh no Delia.—In accordance with the brief mention thereof made in these columns last week, Mr. A If. Howard, agent for the Conley-Church Organ Co., entered the matrimonial ranks on Wed nesday, the 28th ult , his bride being Miss Jennie M., eldest daughter of Mr. John Une, of Bryson. The ceremony was performed in the Methodist church, Bryson, at M p. rn., by the pastor, Rev. Mr. Roadhouse. Miss Bessie Rae, sister of the bride, performed the duties of bridesmaid, while Mr. Richard Howard, brother of the groom, acted the part of “ best man." After the ceremony the bridal party returned to the parental roof, where a most enjoyable evening was spent. About seventy guests sat down to an elaborate spread, prepared in honor of the occasion. On the following day the happy young couple came to Shaw ville, and at once entered ujx>n the duties of “ house keeping in Mr. J J. Caldwell’s building, next door to the Masonic in the evening a number of the
the people of Pontiac.
During the morning hours and up to the time for the reception of nominations by He turning Otiicer, Kheiiff McNally, several attempts were made to induce Mr. Brahazon to step out of the field and allow Mr. Gillies t> have tie election by acclamation ; but the Conservative candidate firmly withstood all these overtures, determined rather that the electors of the county should he given the opportunity of determining whether or not the representation of Pontiac should be in the hands of a local man or presented once more to an outsider in the person of Mr. Gillies.
Head OtTlr# : .. .. Capital Mtihu.TltxMl Capitol paid up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA ............tl.tiV4.V0tl
........... 1,731,081.
............. 1.403,310.
OP CANADA.
Charles Magkii, Esq., President. I CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000.
Gnoiimt Hat, khq., Vice-President.
.'*• r.™" “œ IZ: Reserve fund, - 2,600,000.
Rest
Board of Direct on 1
Housekeepers I
Dun nui Mühput, Ldq
Head Office, • Montreal.
OIOROHnURN
Ü. M. FIN MR
General Manager .. .. Manager

Keep in mind that we have always been in the lead as grocers, and that we are still in the front rank.	-:-
Branche#:
IN ONTARIO
KeewHtin.
Kempt vi lie,
MatUwa,
Ottawa,
tlo Hank St. Renfrew
l'la«*et do RMenu St. Toronto, Hawkeebury, Vsnkloek Hill, Smith's Kails
ill MANITOBA
Fortage La Prairie IN QUEBEC;
SHAW VILLE BR ANC H,
About eight hundred electors were present to hear the speeches w hich were delivered from Dr. Gaboury’s verandah in the afternoon following the ment of the nominations by Sheriff McNally. Mr. F. (\ DeZouche presided.
Mr. (fillies first addressed the electors throe minutes' speech, in which he briefly explained his position, and intimating that the balance of the time allot • cd to him would be occupied by Mr. H.
J. Cl ora n, who it may be stated contested the county of Russell in the recent elec, tions as an Independent Liberal, and suffered defeat. Mr. Clornu is a lawyer by profession and a good speaker, and has ueen brought into the county to assist the Liberal candidate.
Mr. Rrabazon followed in a clear, forcible speech in which he laid his claims
,	, ,	...	... before the consideration of the electors
young people of the village assembled to from the stand point of home représenta-	^	,
give Mr. and Mm. Howard » hearty tion He thanked thoee who stood by Canned COOtiS.
him in the late elections, and showed that there was no excuse or reason for spring,	.	__	the elections on the people at this -
presents bore ample testimony. Dancing	time. lie maintained that	Mr. Gillies
Wood taken in exchange	fur	photos	at I ww indulged in to the full enjoyment 'd	did not act a manly part in	accepting a
II. liaison s studio.	*. ^or HCVer^ hours, when the assemblage	nomination from the Liberals in the man-
I dispersed with best wishes for the happi-	ncr jn which he had done.	Under siini-
WANTED-A good,	smart	Intelll- | ness and success of their host and host-	]Hr circumstances he felt	certain Mr.
j Murray would have rejected it and would ; have told the convention to give the nom* i lnation to their local man.
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
HAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Ornes Horns ,
SATURDAYS . .
Alexandria,
Arnprlor,
Aronneore,
llrarehridge, Carle too
Lanark,
Parr? hound, Pembroke, Ret Portage,
announce
Dauphin
Winnipeg,
in a
10 A.M. TO 3 P.M.
10 A M . TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKKR, Manager,
Montreal,	Hull,	l4'-hntc.
Agents lu Canada, New York aud Chicago— Bank of Montreal.
Ag**nt* in St. Paul—Merchant* Nat Bank:
Agent* ha Loudon, Eng.—Parr's Bank Ltd.
Our Grocery Stock
Church Services.
METHODIST CHURCH. Paptorh—Rev. W. Bowman Tucker, M.A., Ph. I». Rev. W. R. Johnston.
Hrrv!CF.r every Rabbulh at 10.30 a.m.; 7, p.m. Hu inlay Mrliool at 9 30, a m,
Epworth League. Monday evening *t 8.00.. I adieu" Prayer Mo# ting, Tuesday 7.7). p.m. General Prayer Meeting. Friday, 7,30, p.m. Everyone welcome.
LOCAL NEWS.
Is large and well-assorted and of the finest quality.
\y
Zounds, how those kickers are being
Even the mice iin-
whipped into line placable Dr. Gabonry, now rivals in docility the proverbial pet lu mb, and has gone away up to Baie dee Perea to demonstrate to the voters there his admiration for Mr. Gillies.
1
hall
fi
per h#p#	lie#*
...	, .„ .	. I to say they did not go empty-handed, an
it Ve Dmg Stefe " !ke thlT	jthe elegant display of useful and valuable
We have a choice variety of Canned Fruits
Corkscrews, Too !—The several bands of crusaders who are “ doing ” the county this week iu the interest of the millionaires are said to be fully provided with all the necessary equipment for instructing untutored voteis how to mark their ballots; even that unpretentious instrument the coikscrew has been added to , outfit.
ii is likely that a big lumber mill will be erected at Dcschencs. Messrs Alex Framer and John Bryson, lumbermen, are understood to have recently purchased a considerable amount of land at Deschenes from Conroy brothers, and the prvbabil ity is that a mill will be put up on the property.
The 7th of December will determine whether the people of Pontiac aru content to remain in the iron grasp of the lumbermen, or whether they wiU cast off the shack leu, and proclaim to the world that thev are a free people, determined to run their own affiirs in their own way.
and Vegetables—all fresh goods and finest brands.
«rent boy to learn printing. Apply at ess, once at The Eq ulty office.	J
Masonic
Sec our Xmaa presents before buying No trouble to show goods.
The members of Pontiac Lodge A. F. ! r ?,*r‘ '!,Iiniy. ,8P°k® on ^half of Mr
& A. M„ spent a most enjoyable evening , ,hn,t,tal»W the ,,,CCi‘slon ^ank here on Friday last, to mark the occasion ^«electors for placing him at the head of the annual election of officers for that " 'o polls on the i th of November. He institution. The members assembled at {-'-‘nted out that ,t would in his opinion
7..'t0 in., and having disposed of the or- 1,0 to the *lvaTnta8? °} tho =ou»t>' ***** dinary business of the session, proceeded ? ",an 111 the Legislature who would be m with work of election as follows	harmony with himself m working for the
W. M. -Thos. Wilson.	="unt>' and that reason he favored
S. W.—,1. A. Smith.	the return of Mr. Gillies.
,1. W.—F. A. Parker.	Dr. Lyrn followed in support of Mr.
Secy.—A. J. Jackson.	Brabazou, showing that all the wealthy
Chap.—W. W. Ireland.	lumber interests of the Ottawa valley
Outer Guard. -John Smith. wo?e combined in an effort to defeat the
local candidate, and he warned the elec-
It is to be hoped that the government is I A banquet was subsequently hold at - tors in strong terms if they allowed the now sufficiently encouraged to push this the Russell House, to which functiou the present opportunity to pass they might
attendance of a number of ladies gave ad- ; never again expect to have the represent-ditiotml interest and contributed very rt^ion in the hands of om of themselves. A nice Xinas present for grandma j largely to the success and pleasure of the ; ^ he Conservatives in this case were tight-would be a family group. Wo take evening.	ing for the interests of thejeounty against
them,	H. I mi son. I	thb OUK8T8.	the rings and cliqeee, and rich lumber-
men whose object was to be well represented at Quebec. The Doctor claimed he had cut himself adrift from the rings and had taken an independent position. He was also perhaps the only one who had op|K>sed the election of Mr. Gillies by acclamation in 1897, as he considered it gave Mr. Gillies the idea that he had the county in the hollow of his hand and could do what he liked with it.
Then came Mr. Cloran in a thirty-five minutes’ speech. He first devoted some attention to Dr. Lyon, twitting the latter about his independence, and under this head attacked the position of Mr. When ample justice had been done the	Drabazoo, as outlined in his address, as-
good things provided, the following toasts	80	.a man could not assume a
were proposed •	position of independence in the House—
“ Queeu and Country”—Responded to	h« "lust gravitate to one side or the
by Bro. H. S. Dowd, of Quyon.	“th®r- ,The .s^ak<*. devoted .some time
*. <\ ihow the horde of ten- I “ Grand Lodge of Quebec	Respon- the financial condition of the n
who ses by R. W. Bros. Lough and Lyon. cl?i.mng t,ha.t ,the Present Liberal .	,	.	. ..	W"°	“ The Ladies " elicited an eloquent	been ,w.,se and economical.
have invaded the county tribute from Bro F \ Parker	Mr. Mousseau addressed the electors in
people of Pontiac know “ Our Craft!’ brought Bros. Davis and fav.°.r	.
„bus'nes,9-	;»<•	55SSaRSSSr"*“•	m.BapA
that they resent	interfer-	“ Our Baby Brothers,” met with ap-	Mr: Bral/H^n frT	sbmd-pomt,
ence fhom outsiders	who	propriate acknowledgements from Bros.	^n< p 'iutvd out the danger of allowing
have no,take,n the
tional Anthem, and those who participai-	doub.edly legislate in their own interest
edina most pleasing and entertaining	no matter how the interests of the proevent dispersed for their several homes	vmce.fared. He considered it would be a
shortly after midnight- “ Happy to meet,	vter>' 8er,0Ua ¦£“ lf here,was nat • 8°?d
sorry to part, happy to meet again. "	strong opposition elected to check he
*	1	1 r	D	1 recklessness in the administration of the
Province's affairs.
After a few remarks from Mr. John McCoshen, Mr. B
Holiday Goods.
The Drug Stule
We enlarge photos. Bring your old photos to liaison if you want a copy or a crayon portrait taken from them. We make the bust for the least money work guaranteed.
We are busy opening up Fancy Goods for coming Holiday Trade, of which we will talk to you later.
All
Stvdio, Pontiac House.
A gang of men are at work from the foot of the Calumet Falls downward, in the interests of the Georgian Bay Canal survey. Another gang is at work from Paquette’s rapids down, and will follow the north channel to the Calumet Falls.
J. H. SHAW
VOTE FOR BRABAZON
great work to completion
v/ho does not require an army of lawyers to lay his case before the electors, nor will he need their ser
The guests who assembled around the festal board were
Wilson; Mr. and Mrs. John M. Hudgins; Mr. F. A. Parker ana Miss Rimer; Mr. and Mrs. John Smith; Mr. and Mrs. R.
G.	Elliott; Mr. and Mrs. W. W. Ireland; Mr. It. L. Whitman and Miss Burroughs; Mr. and Mrs. Win. Harrison; Mr. Geo.
H.	Conley and Miss Graham; Mr. and Mrs. F. A. Davis; Mr. and Mrs. A Smiley; Mr. J. M. Lough, District Deputy, D Lyon, Messrs. Win. Brown, Brookes, H. S. Dowd, Hamilton Stewart, T. W.
Come I Boyle, Wm. Clauson, and A. J. Jack-
The back-door methods which are being pursued by Mr. Gillies’ professional
Mr and Mrs. T. W
vices at Quebec to demand
justice from the Govern- «pouters in holding their meetings, con
£	siitutts one of the shabbiest features of a
menu	r'iabby business. And they are reaping
i le just complement of their reward, by enjoying in most cases the privilege of airing their eloquence before empty scats. Why hide their long ions and their pompoms in the trenches ? Trot them out and let the yeomanry of Pontiacfgefc a whuck at them.
We regret to state that Mr. Fred Hod-gins has been confined to his residence for the past ten days with a rather serious ailment, relief for which required a criti cal surgical operation. This was success fully performed on Monday evening by Dre. Webster and Walker, of Ottawa, as
Under the most it is not expected Mr. Hudgins will be able to leave his -4 w.n#/vi	to come.
I A NOS
Get your Xmas photos now early and it will give usa better chance |8°° to ipleasc you
listed by Dr. Klock favorable conditions,
H. Imimon
The D. W. KARN COMPANY, Limited,
VOTE FOR BRABAZON
A boy tgw
Dein, of Clarei.v	g at a
threshing mill on Thu* •«»/ .,.si had one of his arms caught in the spindle of the dollar- a day- men straw carriers, with the result that that member was broken in two places above the elbow. The fracture was reduced by Drs. Klock and Lyor, and has since been removed to Mr. A. S. Smart’s, this village, where be is progressing as favorably as could be expected under the circumstances.
Wm
197 SPARKS STREET, - - OTTAWA,
Oppcwlw Blythe's New Store.
rovince,
admin-
We have several good Square Pianos and we want to sell them quickly. Our new stock is coming along now, and we need the room. When in the city, come in and make us an offer.
Pontiac contributes Mahout four hundred thousand dollars annually to ty the Quebec Treasury and has received all told during the past 8 years a fraction over twenty thousand dollars. And Mr. G. wants the people to re-elect him for the great things he has done for the County. Really this is rich.
un
QUEBEC ELECTION ACT. 1805
Do you want a good Second-hand Organ ?
We have some and must sell them out also.
The law Relating to Bribery
256. Every parson shall be deemed Annual Report of Blmside Cheese guilty of bribery and ahall be punishable	Factory
accordingly :	|	----- I appeal to stand trtn » ‘be interests of
1.	Who being an elector or voter before The patrons of the Elmaide Cheese ; the county by voting «or him instead of or during any election, directly or indir Factory held their annual meeting in the | Mr. Gillies on the 7th inst. ectly, by himself or by any other person municipal office on Saturday, tlie 10th on his behalf, takes, receives, agrees or day of November, 1900, when the audit contracts for any money, gift, loan, or ors made the following statement :
valuable consideiation, office, place or l Milk received during season, 488,516 lbs. I tuted Mr. Murray, w ' o made the final ap
employment, for himself or any other Cheese made...................... 47,445 lbs. peal to the elector *u his Ontario friend i
parson, for voting or agreeing to vote, Cash received .............	$4789.46. | behalf.
or for refraining or agreeing to refrain Average price of cheese lb., 10 0-9 eta
*r,JimxvL,n^,at an^ e*ectl<;D.	Milk required to make lb. of
2.	YY ho, after any election, directly or cheese
indirectly, himself or by any other person prjCe paid on his behalf, takes or receives any jfcj, money, gift, loan, or valuable consider- factory ation, office, place or employment, foi |Totr' butter fat having voted or refrained from voting, or | p^e Df butter fat having Induced any other person to vole or to refrain from voting at any election.
Penalty.
259. Any person guilty of any of the acts of bribery mentioned in articles 253,
266, 266, 267 and 268, shall be liable to a penalty of not learn than two hundred dollars nor more than four hundred dollars, and imprisonment for not less than # x months nor more than twelve months with or without hard labor, and also an imprisonment of mix months in default of payment.
made a final
See our Mr. J. R. HORNER, Shawville. He will give you every attention and send you what you need—at once.
According to the program Mr. Gillies to hove closed the meeting, but when
was
the time came fur him to do so ho substi
Mr. Gillies has assisting him in the present contest all the professional spouters and political heelers that can be scraped together from all quarters. The roads rnd by ways of the county are literally ¦warming with them. Every train brings a fresh contingent to swell the army of investment. Arrayed on the side of Mr. Brabazon to combat this horde of aliens, are a band of sturdy men whose interests areilentical with his and those of the county, who en giving their humble servie» • voluntarily and with good-will, relying upon the good sense of the people to ¦uitain them in tne hour of trial. And the encouragement they are meeting with on all hands shows that the people have fully awakened to a true sense of the jeopardy of their position. Continue to be steadfast electors, and keep your doors firmly barred against the assaults of political cracksmen who care nothing for you and care naught if your interests go to the dogs.	I
8
Monster Meeting at Shawville.
85-52 cts. The meeting held here in Mr. Braba- was followed by the other gentlemen 17468.50. zon'a interest on Saturday night was the named, each of whom warmly endorsed 23-36 ots. largest political gathering ever witnessed his candidature. The Conservative can-3-tiO in this town. Elliott's hall, which has a didate then closed the meeting with one capacity of 600,	was filled to the doors,	of the ablest speeches of the campaign, a
and a number could not gain admission,	speech which appealed to the patriotic sen-
Mayor George Hynes presided, and the timents of hie hearers to stand by their meeting although enthusiastic was order- guna in the present crisis in the county’s ly throughout. Speeches were made by history, and declare by their votes that the Conservative candidate, Mr. W. D. they have sufficient confidence in one of Armitage, Dr. Alexander, Dr. Lyon and themselves to place the representation of
David Gillies, Liberal, and Gerald Mr. H. S. Dowd.	the county in his hands.
Brabazon, Liberal-Conservative, were The chairman asked if anyone was pre- 7hn meeting which w as strongly in fav nominated at Bryson on Friday laatf sent to represent Mr, Gillies on the plat* or of the C<>nAer\at v.• r*nunlatef closed and	are	now seeking election to the	Leg-	form, but met	with uo response. Mr.	with • vote of thanks to the chairman, and
islative Assembly	of	this	province	from	Brabazon spoke	briefly at the outse% and	rousing cheers f r Mr. Brabazon,
10-20 lbs
patrons j>er 100 k delivered at
Farm for Sale.
per lb.... butter fat
Farm for sale being Lot No. 15 on the 9th ranga of the Township of Clarendon,
Co. of Pontiac, containing 200 acres of
land
Average j>er cent
John Young, John Durr, Elmside, Nov. 10th, 1900
i
Auditors
are good building erected thereon which are nicely situated at the favored summer resort, Green Lake. About 100 acres are in good shape for cultivation. The remainder consists of bush-land containing a large quantity of pine, maple, ash and pnlpwood. For terms and particulars apply to
NOMINATION.
S. E. WILSON,
Cascades P. O., Que

/
t
*.
c
\

z

i


(

t-

V
J
\



!

1
J___.


_




I

l

fa
t



;

!
r
i
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (S)




I?










%
I
\
###PAGE###2###
/


Policies ni y Chin?*, Oplilem Mey Change. tut one thing that never eh nr gee, ehil
!« the quality nf	_
LUDELLA
JN THE WAY TO COOMlSStii
Let the
Us fed wiithaut thrashing fowls pick Ihtvm off.
Healthy, thvtifty fowls aje always
early risers soau as tli y fly down from the roost.
Hearn will rarely oat their eggs if they are given plenty of broken bone, oysttw shells a .ml clam shells.
K ep on vnil ivg
si,ngle fowl that you have no use for. Th> profits are greater whan the ox-pennies are least.
\\ h in the fowls are confLnvd give soft feed in the morning, green food
uni whole grain at night.
All Japan teas are colored.
;
u
f
# On the Farm
x;
CAPT. BISS TELLS OF THE AWrU! MARCH OF BRITISH TROOPS.

They should l>e fed »»
$

WHITE SOOUltS
The « nrrlrn l»ro|i|»4Hl lixli.ui'iril Trrrlhlt
Mori* by iii«
the fMockadp Hfijmilrwil Wllh liuniiiii Hr mu ln«.
OHYLON TEJ A., it el way* remains the l*»t.
riil'Ii	«I
There is always a demand and gvmeral inquiry for something to stop while ***kuirs, or a good remedy foi diarrhoea, in calves. Perhaps there are few diseases the causes of which are so little uimlerstood by the farmer. and for which there aie absurd meet rums employed. We here say that this disease kills off nuire au tu min calves t ban any other; if not It at least leaves them su at united ill-shaped anul bud-emndit ioned thaï tivo amount of can will bring tlimu to b* worth anyth ng in the market wh re they are described as minis 1 his is due wholly to the farmer's Our dess mess in feeding, and t his is the usual course as we have often seen it practiced; A quantity of b pa rated milk or cold skimmed milk, as lb • case may be, is offered to ihe calf, wh.ch is making little progress ooi this thm dietary, so a pint or two of bran, raw corn uveal or in.II feed is thrown into the bucket with the m Ik for th calf to eat, or leave, as it likes. At am y rate the calf is thin, running down with scours. hirst inuligeetiou sols in, then constipation, and aft a w,ml diarrhoea or white sc iu rs results. I It fact is I lie calf is siarvvd from birth. I he first rich milk of ih* m\\ ly-caived cow acts
lea using
In Lead Faeketa 26, 30, 40, 60 and 006.
CEYLON GREEN TEA
is pure and uncolored
Do not winter u
3P> 3La IBS S
Supplementing the accounts already published of the siege of Inland of the experiences of the
the date of Col
Poultry, Butter, Eggs and other Produce.
We want 100 OARLOADS
mass iv
htvsioged garrison t NVillixx k's arrival there, a corresi'niwl-
tiikg btully borauso of being down on omit of lh high wind, it will be poor policy to feed suvh to dairy
doubt i ho w adorn
Better
If you have any correspond with
io supply our tr ad<
us.
o mans
un
of an interview
The Dawson Commission Co , Limited, Toronto.
.tit, in i h«* « in se with Cat it. 11. C. .1. Biss, who was with (N>1, Willcocks «turmg the whole of
41 Iht K>11
Da not Uvfp the hens su fat that lb y will nu exercise or forage, they will luoi lay so w 'll, nor be so heal-

In fact, ''
cm w 8
oi feed ng it to wiy an mal
led it l*n a fertilizer to help out next
Ho who commits Injustice Is ever
wretched than ho who
guard had filed out an action had bean fought and a village taken at the point of the bayonet by a brilliant charge conducted by tha YorulkUJ and the Frontier Police. So ussti»e Broom Quinine Table*. All <lru||i«ie cl.»e were ih« enemy that one great Ashanti was seen to come out three tlrnea and fire point blank at
rea t
bis march to Cuoraassie, has obtained a detailed story of the terrible sufferings of the relief column, ami of
which, on t he
ma do more suffers it.—Plato
• by
years crop.
The v.niurmous appetite of a chain-
shown by the amount of
Young chickens of Une y breeding should wot be permit ted to roost on lies until they are 3 months oil, is it often causes crooked breast-boivee.
White pin feathers are easier to remove than colored ones, but they do ivot show so much when left in.
T« (SIR A 4*1 W 0\K »4f
the «ira mat le manner m appointe ! da1i reached the fort in the capital. When
pMin row is DhhI eaIflW daily during a test of the
w hich
British force
I In
l> t
Uoleu.n cow, It os i Bon hear \
She h* M the world’s
To be proud of learning Is I lie great-
ixit ignorance.—Jeremy Taylor.
the tension was ended a ml Cooniassie relieved Col WillcurlM had to be tarried unconscious into the fort lie had saved from fa ling into the hands of
died	ly
?-void for milk production ot lUO.T.i pounds in one day and i-•».-» pounds
She ite -11 l>
one
l
During this action
some
officer
amusement was caused by another
officer rushing towards the enemy at The readers of this paper will km planted fa •he head of his coupm.y, brandishing
a native tuatchel. We only suffered .«.«and -r-t	^.^rj
half ft dosen casualties.	the medical fraternity. Catarrh being a coo*
"in the final charge the big stork-ade on the Cape Ceaat road was tuk-	“J-
as well as t lie war camp ot mi<* t roytug the fvundaiio i of the dt*»aK\ and V„nmander-in-Vbief. 'J e,
,*ork. The vruprieto * h/tvo i> muoh Uithln i n curAttfe power*, that they ollur « no Hundred puller* for any <*a*o th it if falls to cure, -v.n.l for ll.l olW ;“«¦>»,>JY & 00 t Tukd„ a
hold by drutgii *. 7Ac.
ItnlTe Family Pill* are the beet
$100 Reward. 510).
Ill
week
nil Oil
pounds silage. 12 pounds corn meal, H pounds oatmeal
the enemy.
“ The night Indore we left ltekwai
said Capt.
> pounds b an, H
IN Tl IK DAIRY
en i\ ute for (\mnlassie, Hiss
If a mail is in th « dairy business he p un.tH «»;! m-eul unit -< imuiihI '00 *
,	.	. .	,	< r a Iota! oi 171 pounds. Mi wvgh
is in error when he trie* to .........
but tor and beef from l In
11 • -needs v nvs t h it make milk, cm un
iiitl as lie branches to-
84 «ne

Vol. XX'ille-oeks assembled all nul delivered a speech
vil 1,7f>0 pounds
the Europeans in which he made no .secret of the fact
LONDON'S UANtiER SPOTS.
en
lliât he expected wry hard fighting. He added (hit, although the Hover-
and huit ward b‘Mvf lie grows away from tin
u the presi
Ashanti
hush was so dense that in order charge the men had to cut their way 1 through with umtehets. Prior to the last charge, of course, Ool. XX illcock
which were
to
k Vnr Hlacktrl »r*
•llead >tnn's ( «« %«
nor and the majority of the garri-had left the fort, the Ashantis
the
nt
t
XV
tc
Krhlyr
i
Cl
son
Were still determined to taki place, and there was no reason to doubt, that the enemy were aware of t he < e q erate plight of t hoS ‘ at ill hoi i-
of dairying thm to timl market for all the by product <
d
I here is in New York a#treet-cross-
i rued
m
so dangerous that it ha unenviable title of "Dc.ul Mans
soar
mg
1 l,u- th
and
l
of ih - farm, and il we si ug l his ( li re will Ih1
mme fourni ii
brought up the guns massed in semi-circular shape a slioi t dis ta nee in t lie rear of the fallen tree, and hiin.se If took up his ; position by them, from whence lie. «lirected the fight. Notwithstanding the terrific fire from our guns we could not see the effect u|H>n the enemy, and for this reason, and in view of the up.	__	proaohin» darkneaa, the colonel decld-
situated to the north of llel from Cupt. U shop in Ooomaame- ^ after tho ttctlon had been an hour
got i hr* ugh by a me eng *r .u t remend ou s risk—concluding with the
l
Ii v i
lair v mg
Mutability of temper and Inconsistency with ourselres is the greatest wcvikneaa of hum.in nature.—Addison,
Curve. *
lu Louden, although street accidenta much rarer occurrence than in
us a unit ural pur g at \ th * bowels from the first faeces of the young an mal. Th
s.kjiv ; h
Cows b com i. g f
will pay letter
mi
i
ing the fort.
. THE MESSAGE—" 1IK1-I* VS”
“ .<> keenly did all of us realist tko gravity of <ho situation that our commanding officer's thrilling speech received in silence. Only a lilt le
in lhe fall or than
arc u«
; he Unit* » St u s, we yet have danger ; fi h Iti the -pviug. is <1U)ta which annually claim their ap-
uted talc of viet ms says the London
i y w
el
i the call
retained, m ci
b.Miig dtuued the first milk, acts .-ia foreign irritant; heure the cunit ipati oiil Vhis i- follow d by an aci« here tiw® from the luniittg membran« jf th * iuitesiiues, w nidi » uugulnt v . tin
MONTRKAL HOTEL DIBROTORT
I host
The " Balmoral," Freo Bus
h > g vv in ire milk during the win-
f butter f t
po
AVENUE HOUSE-%%"£^*7»
ter whet the pr 1 h gh ir than during the summer In many set
Daily Mail.
According to a high police official, pi stores are still [A)ndon's "Dead Man’s Curve” is Chat -

was
lie fore we had received a scrap of pa-

IIS
Press reports state that the Duke ,1 Due has* tkf York will return to Engl md from Australia via Canada.
Here the cow si should In» ham-place
ire tli ui grain to Blackfriara .bridge, and at the june-lt is a he ip tion of the Kmbankm nt, Bridge
street and Queen Victoria street. This, notwithstanding opinions to the
v ry short :• iv-n somethin
tnilk and svipa ra, vs i.t into u •» itulivi iual pans—curds and whey su'd or ch esy part remains as a foreign agent in lhe intestines, and tlie fluid or whey part vom
an
and a half in progress, to rush the
Th
ixisition with the bayonet. Our gun»
had done terrible work, and the walls of the stockade were bespattered with blood and shreds of human flesh.”
k ep up l lie m Ik flow
keep up l In' flow than to i
w. r. c io:>\>.
!
sW.r-
• .
CALVEfcT'S CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
1
his dropped
v\ h u on. -
uus w In-re the corn is rot- contrary, is by far the moat danger-
i
i
iw a v
b
I tl s V
ju the form of a white, semifluid, evil-*m I ling, sour faeces—diarrhoea. I his ?<omduion once in evidence, th Bond lion of the intestines keeps up the Irritation, and all milk supplied, even if whole milk, coagulates and acts as a fresh irritant. If with meal the case is worse, for the stomach is
properly digesting the
qua crossing in London.
There La perhaps more actual traffic n i	i r\i it	I between the Bank -o l Mansion 11 us»\
Pale ana Poorness.
far more frequent here than at the
The Mansion House comes second m the list of
HIS OWN CJFi Ei-POTS.

I
eid
i|' a laeghaiile 4iary « f i.ir. in s«»m itrtfs.
of Viete rmuritzburg, J. C. Csilvsrt A Co., MinoluiUr, England
#
I
n
For all sk’n ailments.


The name South' Africa, is remembered by most people only in connection with
There is one contributor
THOUSANDS OF ANAEMIC GIRLS former ai*»t HURRYING TO THE GRAVE
To tend for our tiomplete Catu-
lo wo ef Sheet
Music
Teachers
Wanted
war

crossing
London’s danger si «'ts, end Is clos ly t l«ninu La«l> :»i feUinrg, oui., vHo<e followed «by the crossing at the north
*	l*r»ii«mi erri Mvprle-tt, If I*
is Rheumatism of the hack. The cause is Uric Acid in the blood
U:d their work there
incapable
quo-uHi-ty of mtsai it has gulped down without mastication.
telegrams to the Cornhill Magazine, however,
whose recollections of the place are not connected with war but with a hearty laugh at the expense of a friend
The writer in question, Lady
4 u ?lo and Seek#
wits Special rates
If the kid
end of London bridge, just by King William s statue, w
nays
would bo no Uric Acid and
Make the
WHALET, R1YCE * Os.
Mow Kftfalufri lira'.ill anrt sirvugili I 1 riHon l# >ioiUeri
well known that
It ought to 1> digestion begins in the mouth by t he
no Lumbago kidneys do their work. The sure, positive and only cure for Lumbago is
It will probably come as a surprise Anaemia is the term used by doctors t<) mi*t to learn that thu fourth most
s fed it sh mid be to indicate poverty of the blood. The <langeri)US 6|Klt in tlio city is at the
gi-wn Ary and in small quantities, ac- prevalence of this trouble is most Wyfll vnd of cheaimide, near Peel’s
espevially ^nrnong young
addition of large quantities of saliva iind vvh.m meal
of hers
IBS Tonga It.
Tor ente, Ont,
Broome* says :
That moaning visit to Pieterm iritz- ' burg market stands out distinctly in \ in y memory, chiefly on account of an _ absurd incident 1 witnessed. I had saueegr essim-New importée ne Sont English much interested and amused by	Âjt“ RlÎvkwall'sCO.Mronlo.
IVjetallic Ceilings
lit AAwieide »•
Tvr *vo, Omk
Dodd’s
Kidney
?'ordi«ng to the size ui the animal .No alarming
Far more accidents
icur
statue
danger will result If fed in this way. girls, and a large percentage of the hvrv annuaHy than at Ludgale Circus The best feed is equal quantities of i altogether too numerous oases of con-m al, ground uuis and bran, sumption, which annually ravage the

or at any other congested centre.
In a general way the danger of.
shirk should be sligh ly salted, not j country have their origin in this a London crossing may be gauged by •>nly to'NULkr >t pila table. )UvH “toTil- rYîtfttfcle.	TLo, first indication of anae-	t number of constables !u	charge
arease i he flow of saliiva, and whit-	mia is a	pule, sallow or waxy complex-	0f t lie traffic TliW men are	iü'vMy
milk is fed should be gi\eo sep- ion. This is followed by loss ot app*- specially appointed for their quick eye ; small quantities three tile, frequent headaches, indisposition and capability for directing the never-
If to exertion, or swelling of limb*, ceasing stream of vehicles. They keep xx) young to do this, tli * writer has	violent	heart palpitation, and f e-	n keen lockout for tha Safety of	women
id ip; d tile plain of tak ng half the	quently	fainting fits. These symptoms	and children afoot, and it is	rather I
of milk and substituting may nd all l>e present, but the more duo to their watchfulness than to
been
looking round, not onlj U tbs strings ind characteristic crowd, but at my many acquaintance# mark ting for
sura
MILLS, MILLS â HALES
R*m»r«*r, etc.
Uemofud to Wwt#i lbU141»ge,
Ku’hmo. d #t. W .Torunto.
LAW
;
themselves.	1	,	---------------
1 bad listeui-d to the about» of ' I he CathOllO PrayOF various auctioneers who were selling H*i,gk,u, Piciwf*. stmti»ry, ml Cburoh Omemeia#-all manner of wares, when 1 in «t iced ^Cltly"141 NV o & some Kaffirs bearing on their needs------------------------
Pills
YtM
lira Udy iin :iwcs a day, and always warmed
r
large* 0|vn laskets filled with coffeepots of every size and kind
i
Ù
9)0
STS1S
quant. l >
to its place the same quantity of flax-	there are the greater the urgency for	any inborn faculty for dodging dan-
tvcd gruel, which prévenus the ac-	prompt and effect ive treatment,which	gcC possessed by the average Lon-	words, 'Help us,
mmulatkin of the coagulated milk in	should be persist* l in until all traces	doner that comparatively an fewacoi-	Bekwal village,
.he intestine», with good results, it	of the trouble have vanished. Among	dents occur in the course of a year.	standing outside a mud hut, with the	Kaffirs were just leaving uniopro-
is difficult to give each individual	the thousands who hive been brought During twelve months there were	Union Jack on the flagstaff, .solemn-	vised auction-stand, and v.hat intérêts, as une meets with k lu factice,	near tv the brink of * he grave from	M deaths registered in London due	ly addressed hia officers, was one tier-	anted me especially was the fact, that
but they Will all cum» ur d mr the de-	this trouble, and ultimately restored	directly to arculents by vehicles in	er to l>e foi got ten. It rained at in	following ill in < o ', w it au n 8k
eciptioB, caused bv improper, ir-i to health through I he use of Dr. j the streets, and of 1,200 deaths ache, terrais, and the road was, with few proud possession on h,«igen, a ? ~u*ten- J _
exposure to chill; Wilburns' Pink Pills, is Miss Della doled by the authorities as "from exceptions, a prolonged swamp. Riv- anfe, was a b, loved friend ot my own
causes nut stated,11 a very large pro- era of various sises bad to be for»!? <i, one who, 1 may im ut ion, was bclovedl
d

There
The scene in that must have been something like a hun-
I
i

>
as Col. Willcocks, dred coffee-pots in those baskets. The
FEATHER DYFJJNfi
I
.loaned Thee#
esninr
beet piece Is
i

- CIEIHC 00.
R00F1NC	JSf *Tt
RederUreeo RLATM B1.A« KBOAmw. (We mpply PuMioeml High .Sch'ioL*. TiKMtnl RwSns V#l*. Titeù, <Je*l Ter. etc ROOFI NO TILE (S» n .New City IfeiM» ines, Turtmln, <tme Hy imr Arm). Mt«tel ''stHiifS, Cor-¦ice«, etc. Kali metes furuisbed fer » ork ooaiy «le »r for uieterieleehipi/ il to sny pirt of Jte oountre. rnono W* D. BUTHIE A SUMS, Adelaide A WldmeràtW, Ter ente
regular feediing
witnds, etc. We always recommend ; Boyd, an estimable young lady whose that some remedy should l>e kept on home is at Co)x>urg. Miss Boyd given
i
poition were due to the same cause, and the Ordah river in flood, cm During twelve months vins, wag- by means of a felled tree. A go ns and drays killed 150	p rsons ;	neared Pekki, utterly	worn ou
fatal accidents were in 53	cases due	had to stagger along,	holding on to
to light carts ; and cabs were directly each other in the pitch dark forest., fully
Nothing broke the deathlike silence You must know lam a c 1 ector o cof-tho t>ut the dripping of water from the foe-pots, ;md have a great many aland the reaily, ; but l hare been especially
carriage 9, and the bicycle was respon- squelch of the filthy mud as hun- lucky in being able to p.ek up sorne-
dreds of feet plodded through it. body elae’s collection as well, and it • Wh,,, .b. ........	„....... was Cheap, too."
of 21 deaths, and in 10 cases	the exact	shver exhaustion the	native troops	1	noticed	that the Kail us	veie	gun-	gmajj sullls	at	regular intervals,	and by	the
nature of the vehicles causing death	c)leerfu]|v nicked up and shouldered	ning,	and	that there	was a	general	air	accumulation	ot	interest, they have	grown
was unobtainable by the police.	^	(	^ u ^ s ( |j6 m,kSt terrible of amusem -lit about that 1 could not till they now show handsome balances.
Later the point of the
My friend
'Are all those coffee-pots yours T
e
hind to head off this trouble, and her experience as follows: — ha vu puep.i red a cusi ur oil emulsion "It is nearly ten years since my ill-fur this purine containing a small ness first commenced, and although q-iantuty of pepsin; a tea spoonful 1 was doctoring more or less 1 ro-gj/v .tii every day is attended with good wived little or no benefit, as the doc-results. should the scour become	tors did not	ern to	understand	my
fib runic more powerful astringents are	troubla. Two	years	ago my
reqi^red, which, if given injudiciously,	became so bad that	another doctor
will aggravate the disfeuse they are	was called in.	and he	stated; that	my
a m-oet severe type of ind that while he could help
we i I inquired
Yts, indeed I” he answered, joy-
l have juM bought them
From Small Beginnings ..
reaiKinsible for 45 deaths.
The omnibus killed 36 persons, tramcar caused 12 deaths, the private trees that met overhead
health
sible for 1Ü fatal accidents
Unharnessed/ horses were the cause
giivvm Uu cure. Vic pu red chalk, one case was ntnioe; powdered catechu, one ounce; anaemia powdared ganger, one ounce; pepper- me the t rouble had progressed to such mi‘ut wator, one pint. Give two to a stage that lie could hold out little £our t«ispooufuis night and morn- hopes of a cure
Freed i burnt and powered char- as pale as chalk, my eyelid» were
>
Often understand
experience I have ever had
the white officers fell asleep whenever	waM explained to roe
lh(, bad just bought his own collection <>f
It is not necessary to wait till you have a considerable amount to make a commencement
and allow interest at 3} par Cant, per
annum, payable half-yearly.
At this time I was
i KO 11* 41. 1*41 «lOTls«.
1

Ladies of Canada:
Inter-mutual trade is the true basis ui the federation of the Empire. So far as p crible, one colony should consume the produce of another.
Canadians and India and Ceylon tea planters fought side by side in Africa. Al>.uL ID i**r cent, of the latter volunteered for the war.
The Teas of Ceylon and India are the l**st and purent the world produces. Already the Black Teas of those colonies have captured the Canadian market. The Green is now fast displacing Japan’s colored article. Quality and sentiment unite to recommend it. Canadian ladies who drink Japan tea should help the British planter by drinking Ceylon green tea. Blue Ribbon, Monsoon and Saluda packers are ready for you.
unig	ppi
coal üs also another remedy, and we sw lien and would hang down over
cawnot do bdtter than to recommend my eyes like sacks of wate
to give very you/ng calves a wine glass feel and limhe would swell, and were
always o Id. 1 a as subj »t to \ tolenl
We accept small sums on deposit
a brief halt was called to helpUfl	|
iers over a swamp, and yet, won- coffee-pots
His wife, believing that the apace
My
derful to relate, not a single load was lost, la the small hours we got to
they occupied in her storeroom could
he better employed, and expecting that	an	¦
!... -,..,.™. ^	The Canada Permanent
the. native huts to get a few hours’ » lot down to he fold. She told me aft-	AND WFtTFRN PANâHâ
ir% h”UttoU Z^eTVnd pîcquvte	K !	MORT CAGE CORPORATION.
thrown out. round the village, and how tain had just Ikiu rhtihem. The poor ! _
the native troops told off for these lady was under the necessity of paying ! Toronto St rest, Ioronto.
on Un. occasion
during the whole march, stood 1 “e | what resignation mho could command fatigue Is marvellous. N«oother troops
in the world could surpass them
full of lime wateir with the milk when hand feeding.
Vekki, and, too fatigued either to un-
headaches, severe palpitation of the heart, and if Ï sLoped over I would be so dizzy that I could scarcely regain an upright position. My appetite failed me almost entirely, and !
weak that 1 was a mere While in this condition 1 read

AMONG THE POULTRY.
Tansy is a good remedy for lice. Throwing soft feed oil the ground is poor economy.
Fowls should not b* killed when y hive full <xrope.
Make the neats walk in on them.
Young chicks will cat wheat when
two weeks old.
Use no deformed or weak fowls for
breed .mg.
Keep tn« pens timi1*the fowls from vermin.
Apoplexy and egg-bound are the remits of excessive fat.
When eggs are the chief object the jfeoo-sitting breeds are best.
Late-moltiing hens are of little /alue for laying during the fill and winter.
Skimmed milk to which is added
ryn flour is good for fowls with bowel troubles.
Siuijflowws and sorghum seed may
S >
grew
wreck
newspaper of the cure of a young
in a
girl wh «e ease was much like mine, through the use of Ur. Williams Pink Pills, and I determined to try them
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS-
EPPS’S
so that the hens
*
FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS \T I 11 K POINT OF THE BAYONET. MR8 WINSLOW’S SOOTHING SYRUP h» be* ¦¦ Before our ..I,a nee guard h.d got	ii
dear of Pekki the enemy’s scouts
put Up,’ and long before the for "Mrs Winslow e Soothing Syrup.
can
Those who knew me did not think any medicine could do me any good or I hat 1 would ever get better, but I determined at all events to give the pills a fair trial. I have iwed them for nearly a year with the result that I feel like a new person,, ling in my eyelids* and limbs, has disappeared; my appetite is gtood and my face in regaining the color which left
I can sew and do
GRATEFUL OJMFORTING
Colonist
COCOA
Do you know, Hattie, mid the father to his eighteen-year-old daughter lhe other morning, that it was after twelve o'clock last night when that young min left here ?
Oh, it couldn’t have been, father.
But it
•pen in.”
But I couldn't tell him to leave. I il nothing to entertain him except
how him ray scrap-book.
Well, I’ll bring home my account-took this evening with your millineiy nd dressmaking expenses balanced If he nils again mhaw him that.
were
and houses clean
BREAKFAST SUPPER-
• ONB POX
HOYT il
ri 4/ Ortun/ry, £/t&/
1	/JUst arwvfaJ&jt juir/ilos
SIM**,
The flwvl-
ÜND OAKBS"
Laundry, Wwhing CloiW. Poning, Sesliug Preetnree.
PARAFFINE
FOR
Now, don’t let that
was
p I WAX
ci
it years ag« work about the house, and this great
change in my condition is duo/ solely to the use of Dr. Williams’ Pink Dibit is nv>t too little to say that the) have saved my life and I si r ugly rls whi* are similarly afflicted


It/
Os
urge g	mit
to give them a thorough trial
t
up
; /

A
/

###PAGE###3###
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (S)
*
7


\
grated peel al tw orangé and two le mous, s quart of molasse# •
pound and a half of brown sugar, *
glaas of currant Jelly, a quart of b-lM
other frvi*

an ri
all the young leaves as they come $ above the ground, furthermore, they
On th<* Farm	XL / trample anwi ooropaet the soil con-
VJ11 IUV 1 «I “*•	à «iderably, thus lessening its absorbing
• cfipaoitj. This is a serious cunsidera-timn in tb« forest, where the soil is never loosened by cultivation.
Llhe Home \
a

#
»
#

ê
^ The Man Who Knows
m	.......
i
cider, a pint of grape or Juice, three grated nutmegs, one f**-spoonful of mace, two t< aapoonfcO* each of allsp ginger end cloven, ami The first thing tu do with last win- | of einnamon, two t spoontme ter'» bet, laid away just an it " wM *HSt of salt, one pound of citron,
worn, 1e to rip the trimmings off and jK)Uri<ja of seeded raisins brush the hat thoroughly with a ^)|jnfj, 0f currante. whisk. If it is of velvet, this brushing MiX the meat and suet, is of itself a freshening « if	felt, or	grated peel and sugar, blending
felt braid, the brushing should be fol- eVl.nly ; then put in the apples and
with w.-ak am-	{ p(.„ the fluids named above. It
all the latter
• Ü
IJOW TO REFHK8H OLD HATS AND
RIBBONS.
TO PACK GRAPES
Pick when dry. Out the stems with a sharp hooked knife; pick off all defer live grapes, then pack in boxes, light and strong, a foot by a foot and a half in size .five inches deep. Such
a box will bold about 20 pounds M about, as some farmers allow properly packed. "Set .be box on a would Mt car. to wear au, Ul-Utttog table of convenient height, having the pair of boula every few days. An ill-
back end of (be box elevated three fitting collar is often tbe prime cause	byagptmging
or four iinr.hefl by placing something <d hoi sen	l^lky	1	nw>nia water.	in a good plan to m i % ||||||	III
under it," says a vineyardist; "then quwUfln but that a properly adjusted Aftyr u h|U, |,ccn cleaned, a felt wjth thfi ia(,ia.se s and then turn upon
commence at the end next to you collar and harness enable a horse to	[)rMUJe<i with a moderate- the dry ingredients. Pack intoaetone
a m ou at of labor
FARM NOTES
It would take more time than loan
four i hd two
w
Then, leaving is* dusty high road >f Butinas», lie *ud Ilia companion ; spare the subject to give you an ftda*
wandered In the shady bridle-paths qunte and Inclusive description of the of Uive—to the end that when the person who entered the room at that thief liookkreper returned to her own moment
ftepartmsnt she had forgotten the I above the ordinary, his shoulders were strange dinner party about to take broad, his limbs perfectly shaped, and pine* up#t«irs and was busily eng.-ig- plainly muscular, but very slim. Ilia Mi upon a <* leu latino aa te how she bead, which was magnificently set up-w ou hi loelc in white aatin and orange ion his shoulders, was adorned with a
profusion of glossy black hair; his face was destitute of board or moustache, and was of oval shut** and handsome moulding; while his akin wan of a dark, olive hue, a colour
!•;vimj work born should have bis
nui change them
You
ow;n collar, and

then the
In stature he was slightly
ly warm iron, taking care to lay a riot h jar no]i<i]yf pour melted butter on top thitn a poor ad- ^ tbe sauae ooluf between it and the gn(| let ,tand in a cool dry place a|
felt. If it I» desirable to reduce the jeael three weeks before using.
the distance
perform a cert a lb with greater juAtmont.
It is probable that im the future ofubiim mi.fisure
4‘When the bottom of	the	box-	la	more root crops,	such as b##t#< tur-	; from the e<lge an<l mark with pins
covered p*e layer deep, commence	at	'W and carrots,	will be grown for	^ry, quarter of an inch; with sharp	Albany Fruit	Cake.-Two	cop»	f
the front again put in a second, lay-	«tewk. The difficulty has been m thr	scissors cut along the line of pins.	eugar, one cup of butter one	cup
hands and feet were small, and the	lhe ’larger bunches in. the	labor of slicing the roots, which .3	Should there be any irregularities,	ewe«t milk, four cups of f our fou
greatest dandy must have admitted	lo^ pUcea said the smaller bunches	necessary when feeding them to cat-	trim them off carefully, and with the	eggs, two t, aspoonfuls of soda,	foer
that be was Irreproachably dressed,	an (he bi h pluvea, thus keeping	He, but within the past few, years	b I ad* of the scissors rub the new -edge	cr^am 0f tartar, two pounds of	is. sn
with a neatness that bordered on the	thf)m gli ,evel as p**ible; proceed, in	root-cutters have been introduced,	,juflL enough to rub up the felt and	chopped, cinnamon and clows	to eu
manner until the box is full, be- which cut all kinds of roots into thin conceal the cutting.	the taste.	,	.	,
careful to have the	box	as level	slices, bran and	corn meal being	increase the height of a crown	F pice Cookies.—One	cup	ear,
sprinkled on the	food so prepared,	take a piece of very stiff tailor's ran-	granulated sugar	and	light	brown
which	makes a	meal that is not)	only	vas and cut a strip the height tofwhicb	BUgar; half a cup of butter, two and
highly	relished,	but one that is cheap	yuu desire to raise youi ciown, allow-	a balf cups of flour, half a cup of
and promotive of the thrift of the|,ng tt generous lap, both top and but- tn,|gi two egg», two table#poonfuls of
Wire on both edges, lapping the	baking powder, quarter teaflpoonful
noticed	that pigs fatten	very	wire and sewing it on with a button-	0f sajt, two teaapoonfuls of ground
half teaspoonful each
When
bunches in carefully
and lay the h i hard enough to break the ber-
blossoms, and, that settled, fell to wondering whether it was true, as Miss Joyce, a subordinate, had been boat’d to declare, that the manager had onoe shown himself partial to a certain widow with reputed savings and a share in an extensive egg and dairy business.
At ten minutes to eight precisely, a hansom drew up at the steps of the hotel. Am soon aa it stopped, an unde raised gentleman, with a cleanshaven countenance, a canonical corporation, and bow legs, dressed in a decidedly clerical garb, alighted. He paid and discharged his cabman, and then took from his ticket pocket an ordinary white visiting card, which he presented to the gold-laced individual who hud opened the apron. 1 he latter, having noted the red si>ot, called a waiter, and the reverend gentle-
immediately escorted up-
ease
I hum together gently, but
nes
DOMESTIC JtECIPBS
which harmonised wrell with his pierc-
ing black eyes and pearly teeth. His



puritanical. In age be might have | Jbl8 been anything from eight-and-twen ty to forty; in reality he was thirty
wig
Cutting
as possible when dune three. He advanced into the room I bunches to fill up cavities i.i not a and walked with outstretched hand g(A>(j practice, as large bunches sell directly across to where Has lover was j •landing by the fireplace,"
" Mr. Eastover, 1 feel certain," he | |owrti t0 stand until the stems of the
wilted and become pliable
torn
am i ma la
The boxes thus filled should be al-
it ns
quickly 00 sweet potatoes, due to the hole stitch
large amount of sugar i.n the food. an jn(;h above the bead size and new 0£ cloves and grated nutmeg and bweel-potato growers utilize the the, canvas to ic with strong cotton tb<j dough is prepared alter the usual small potatoes for that purpo.se. the with a backstitch ; then put the crown under 0f mixing it should be thick a et boot also contains a large propor- on the top and fasten in the same mm- tlX) «ticky to handle like a soft dough, tiooi of sugar, and should be grown for	ner.	Diop half-t# spoonfuls of it	into a bowl
awing as they are relished at all sea-	A pretty finish-ami a good change	pa|>tly filltyl with granulated	sugar,
buih cooked and raw.	in »tyle—for a	felt brim is	one or two	foU till Wen ousted with	the	sugar,
Food, vary SO greatly as to render	rows of fancy	braid such	as may (tie
a farmer to «elect
Cut the crown away half
on#*
cinnamon
said, fixing his glittering eyes upon
grapes are
the man ho addressed, and allowing u ] wbLnb will take from nix to twernty-•utioUH eguili to play Upon his face.
" '1'h.it is my name, l)i Nikola, ’ I toother answered with evident surprise. | ber lb(. box and the other on the
thou set the box on# end, hold-
four hours; then take aboard and the box, placing one hand un-
cover
mail was
stairs.
Hardly had the attendant time to to his station in the hall, i>e-
Rut how on earth cad you dislia guish me from your other guests t" I j^g lbt., cover securely in its place "Ah! it would surprise you, if you | w;lb une hand, then shake or; jostle knew. And Mr. Prendergast, and Mr. | jie gupos until they settle compact-Bnxter. This is delightful ; 1 ho|* I |y together, which is easily aocorn-am not late. Wo had a collision in j pished after the stems are wilted; the Channel this morning, and I was | thiü will cause a cavity at the up-almost afraid I might not be up to j per and of the box, which should be time. Dinner seems ready ; shall we j carefully filled with grapes that sit down to it?"	have had stems wilted, In order that
cover
return

sons
fore a second cab made its appear-closely followed by a third. Out
tall, active
buttered baking pan#
then put in
bought by the yard of th* milliner. ab(>ut lbre(. inch ce apart and bake. This help# conceal the wiring and re- <pbeSC ar3 eweet and rich morsels, moves the necessity of a velvet fac- To Cook Squash.—Split the squash,
take out the seeds, oust with salt end add a spoonful of butter cut
Into hits to each half, th®B hake .in a a considerable volume of #team and mi„lerate oven. Scoop out of the shell,
another to brush it vigorously against	seuson and hvat up again, send*
the pile.
Ribbon may be sponged with sm
monia and water and then pressed be- [gyiiGKSI IONS TO HOUSEKEEPERS tween ti##ue paper Press heavily with
the iron and draw the ribbon slowly wrapped jn the p.,p from under th" iron. Or the ribbon from markvt, nor should it be put
may be made very damp und then n tin or ^tal of any kind tightly stretched on the carpet and |u^ate or earthen plate should be o#ed. secured by pins. Shine can be re- ^he modern cooking teacher say# moved with alcohol.	eggs should be put into cold water,
If the feathers of wings and quills wbich % then brought to a tempera-have separated, hold them over steam turP ]Z> degrees and allowed to and coax them hack to their original Bt.and jD this from six to ?-ightjninut - s,
the rub- for soft boiled eggs,
a nee
of the second jumped a well-built man of about thirty years
it difficult for with a knowledge of the kinds which
Only certain proof all foods are digestible,
are valu-
ation Id be used
. He was dressed in evening of th# latest fashion, and to
of age
ing
portions
but tiie Indigestible portions able Lu the manure heap, lirau at
worth the price, even if up-
direct, but when
une
To clean velvet properly requires person to hold it tightly stretched
dr
pepper
oonoeal it from the vulgar gaga, wore a Larf Intern»#» rape of heavy tex-He lino in his turn handed a
over
1
per ton is
plied to the crops used as food it assists tu balance the by supplying mineral matter, thus promoting growth of the animal.
ample. This individual was also in	detract from its lustre. Hut, delight-I	wen («are 8houId also be taken ;	while adding gieuily to	in- value 01
evening dress,	but it was of a differ-1	fui as ;t all wan, it was noticeable	t0	bide tbe 8tems of thei last layer	the manure
ent stamp. It	was old-fashioned and	•	that the three guests paid more at-	an<j bavt. tbe stems Look even or level Corncobs make he best	fire ig •
The wearer, too,	|	tention to their host than to his ex- |	,bo top Grapes should not be al-	and the ashes are rich in	potas .
¦—, ^,... —.
three corncobs in kerosene
hem aaide for use. Apply
They seated themselves, and the | they may pack closely meal commenced. The Imperial Res taurant has earned an enviable 1 cl'u* I av<a<t rubbing the, bloom off the tation for doing things well, and the gnUKj9i as [t injures their appearance, dinner that night did not in any way | ,m(j jt i{4 thought they will' not keep
t u. ô
white card to the porter, and, having
proceeded into the hull, fol-
Great cere should be taken to
to the table very hot
mg
done so
lowed by the occupant of the^^] cab. who had closely copied his ex
last
rats m
Meat should never be put away
r in which it yvaa

An
v,ub taller than the ordinary run of : œllent menu. As they had said bc-nicu, while it was noticeable that his	fore his arrival, they had all had deal-	i	lbey aru gaVbere(t
hair was	snow-white, and that his	ings with him for several years, but	j	yor grape keeping, pick	the fruit j dip two or
face was	deeply pitted with small-	what those dealings were they were	carefully, when ripe and	dry, into	and place
pox. After disposing of tlieir	hats	careful not to describe, it was	n.ore	|	Uisketa or boxes, and put	alighted match and the cu vvi
• nd coats In an ante-room, they	reach-	than possible that they hardly	liked	j	lbem ^ R wdn ventilated left or	jff heat for quite a while, ma	u*g	«
ed room No. 22, where they found the to remember them themselves.	chamber for two or three weeks to let matter of starting a fne an * i y
gentleman in clerical costume pacing When coffee had been served a,1(M80ine 0f the moisture evaporate, then In fa<R. howevet, no one s ou u e ünpatiently up and down.	the servants had withdrawn, Dr. Ni-	j	lil(	tbe bllUlUhes by the stems and pick	kerosene lor makung a no at	a ,	u
Lett alone, the tallest of the	trio,	kola rose fro n the table, and	went	I	uny j^tective berries, and pack in	tbe use ol corncobs i4 t »	a i	es
who for	want of a better title we	across to the massive sideboard. On	shallow boxes or drawers,	oaly two	method
call	the Best Dressed Min. took	it stood a basket of very curious	j	|uyftrs iu eilcb, with a layer	of Gallon
shape and workmanship. This he	j	k.uU:ag between and *n the	tep. Dry
opened, and as he did so, to theastou- saW(J|J8l wUi aiB;jwer as well as cet-
They will look lik - new
l>oe it ions
Tills is
A lust eye can be replaced by fche white ^f which is then coagulated
onu
ag;t i n
breaking off a black-headed pin a -nto a délicate j-lly quarter of an inch from the beau, dipping it in hot sealing wax an 1 M« ftly inserting it in the empty socket.
added to the wa« boiled tends to
A little lemon juict ter in which rice is
k«' p the grains h pirate. A cut lemon
rubtwd over l<m«n m-at make, it tender. Let *«>m<1 five or six ro autel t/td-r the rubbing.
If the crown of a hat baa been turn or pinnod out, and it ie desirable to place the trimming at that point, « ut a piece of stiff canvas about the size ©« a silver dollar, wire it, and sew It so as to cover the broken place.
Old ribbon# are b-st used in react- at some.
tes and if very soft can be wired with give ih;m these
A rosotte requires about shopper—Not necesa y. but
look at b e of better
may
out his watch, and, having glanced at
GRAINS OF GOLD.
it, looked at his companions.
" Gentlemen,'* he said, with a slight American accent
utes to eight o’clock. My name is Ea t over !"
Self-die trust*# tbu cause of most of
our failure».—Bowes.
A brave man
his conscience.-Nul toil, no hardship, can restrain
ambitious men injured to pain.—Hor-
QUAL1TY and PRICE.
Qlgrk—Perhaps you d like to look goods a little more expon*
iflhment of him guests, an enormous cat, aa black aa his master’s coat,leaped out on to the floor. The reason * or the saucer arid jug of milk became evident.
!
ton. but it is more difficult to remove entirely from the frujt. I hen keep in a cool chamber until danger of freezing, and afterward in a dry
it is three min
hazards life, but not
Schiller


1
" I'm glad to hear it, for I’m most uncommonly hungry," said the next tallest, whom I have already desciib-ed as being so marked by disease. My name is Prendergast 1"
"We only wait for our friend and
host," remarked the clerical gentl 'K he ought to take
'•nd then, ’ x him, Bax-
cellar
lace wire
nine
(To Be Continued.)

loops, each requiring from five to would like to inches of material. A box-plaited quality-rosette does nut crush as easily as a
COUGHING SWINE.
Swine are very prone to coughing. Very many of the ailments o£j pigs, which do not directly affect their lungs and throats, take expression ia coughing. It would seem cough, which is amother form of the grunt, is the pig’s natural way to ahow that he is sick, or to relieve bis
the coughing in mere volumtary habit
aoe
A (great deal of talent is lost in the world for want of a little courage. Sydney Smith.
Nothing can constitute good breed-that has net good-nature for its
BIX
intervals in an exciting
LIFE.
CARIBOU IN NEWFOUNDLAND
side-plaited or gathered one. One or t two pointed ends among the luot>s both stylish and economical.
Don’t buy cheap ostrich feathers, off to be a pirate.
They are a dear trimming in the end. Are you, Hobby! -Buy good ones, au I xou can have them Yes. but dim L you be soared, U dipped and curled and made as come home a? night to sleep, good as new after their first freshness
l
are
I
tbundnili'e <>« Till* l.ainc In ill HNrrnn of ilu- Inirrlar.
I get big I m goin way
tirral
Ma. whe
ing
that the
7LIÜ, A l*
«. share in as if an afW. he continued ter 1"
They shook hands all round with marked cordiality, seated themselves and took it in turns to exam-
foundation.—Bui wer.
The desire of knowledge, like the thirst of riches, increases ever Mfitb the acquisition of it.—Sterne.
One of the best effects of thorough
knowledge
A party of American hunters have recently returned to Bangor, Maine, Newfoundland, wl^re for three weeks they have been killing caribou. They saw fully i,UUl) caribou while they were in the island, and brought home twenty-one heads. One of the hunters said:
ffv
That
suffering
ONE EXPLANATION.
I wonder why election places are called polls, said
intellectual training is a of our own capacities.—A. Bain. Nature has written a letter of credit men’s faces which is houoied
is past
most cases is a ot the hog may be seen when It is remembered that he coughs on account of worms and quinsy, of damp beds and dusty beds, of fever ami filthy ftwd, of diarrhea and constipation, of boat and cold, of drafts and, lack of
Observant*
tbe
RECIPE FOR MINCE MEAT
again ine the clock.
"Have you ever had the pleasure of meeting our host before?" asked Mr.
Baxter of Mr. Prenderge A.
"Never," replied that gentleman,
Perhaps
M nce meat has a richer and more Boarder delicate flavor if prepared mix weeks Sometimes there is a good deal ol in advance of using, and us mince |>ie scratching there, explained the C'ose* to the front at Christmas it is Eyed Boarder
on some
wherever presented.— lhackeray.
has two educations,
"People who have never been in Newfoundland coin have no idea of the abundance of caribou there. There are few moose or deer, although beats are numerous in aowo places. The great caribou barrens are in the far interior of the island, and eu numerous are the animals that there is nothing to prevent a good shot with a long-carrying rifle from k lling all that the law allows. Every spring and fall the caribou travel over the barrens, following their leads or paths with great regularity. The hunter simply lies in wait, along the line of the lead, and waits for the procession to come up.
"Caribou are very nervous and quick to take alarm, so that it is impossible to get nearer than 100 yards, and often one cannot approach closer than 900 to " First time, Brussels ; second,Monte ^ yards. On this account it Video; third, Mandalay, and then the âary ^ bave a rifle that will carry far Gold Coast, Africa. It’s your
Every person
which he receives from others, and of nearly every an(j one, more important, which he
comvs
time to be getting the ingredients to-
Here is an excellent rule for
meat,
one
ventilation____________________________________________¦_____
other thing that annoys or diet res- give# himself.—Gibbon
His cough is his signal to
TOO MUCH.
Gusher—My wife has prom sed to for me at the gate of heaven
fiTh a shake of his head Mr. Eastover has been more fort un
getbvr
superior qua'ity of mince without the	or brandy:
Take three pounds of nice, lean beef [f she is the first to go
from i he roue I, bod in little water till perfectly tender, cool and chop fine, be so revengeful as to make her wap
Chop six green iippka rather coarsely, through eternity simply Um >
wait while she fixed u|
a
sea him
his owner that something is wrong and an examination is needed.
wait
ate !"
BLAME IT ON THE MOON.
a marked inastronomers
"Not I," was the brief rejoinder. I’ve had to do with him off and for longer than I care to reckon, but I've never set eyes on him up to
You shouJdn’T
Flasher—lut, tut
The moon exercises
commerce
When coughing becomes common in heixl, look first to tbe con<titiue | fluonte urn
If . Bay.______
on
a
z
and surroundings of the swine they are found to be filthy, clean
Watch their feed, to see that : a girl om
soured, musty, decayed ' food is her a i If the beds be damp, furnish If they be subjected to

Oh, yea; whenever a man walks with moonlight nights he buys lot of caramels and other stuff.
and one and a half pounds of suet very made you fine. To this, ;ub the basis, add the juice sometimes
date."
*
" And where may he have been the first time you heard from him I"
" In Nashville, Tennessee," said
After that, Tahupapa.New Zealand; after that, Papeete, In the Society Islands; then Pekin, China. And you ?"
them
have you asthma?
no
eaten
Eastover
dry ones
drafts, improve the ventilation so that cause of trouble is removed. If they seem to have fever, turn them out, if possible, on dry pasture.
If all these improvements in sur-
check the coughing quiring itf
The supreme satisfaction of know-
whole life has been a
A LAUDABLE OBJECT.
Ue—Philosophy, my dear madam, is something it takes all one’s life to
A severe caseof Chronic Asthma, which would
other treatment cured by Dr.
acquire.
Sha—What, then, Ls the use in
yield to no	_	^ _
Chase's Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine,
is ncccs
ac-
tum
and shoot true. All the shooting was done within a mile of camp. Many American gporfem n are now in Newfoundland, and the number going from this country is increasing every year."
roundings do not
SMB
mm
r.*....
evidenced bj lb. tMtimoniel «ueted ^
Islov,
examine them for in-
Mr. Baxter."
The clergyman glanced at the timepiece. It wan exactly eight o’clock.
Cabul, Afghanistan;
second, Nijni Novgorod, Russia ; third, Wilcannia, Darling River, Australia; fourth, Valparaiso, Chili; fifth, Nagasaki, Japan."
"He Is evidently a great traveller
and a most mysterious person."
re than that," said East-<yver with conviction; " he is late for dinner 1" ,
Prendergast looked at his watch.
" That clock is two minutes fast. Hark, there goes Big Ben 1 Eight ex-
in the herd.
tenual troubles. If they are found to mg that one s
infested with mistake.
be constipated, or
I
suffering from cold, the
First time,
worms, or remedy is simple. As the conditions improved and health is restored
the coughing will decrease

TIME’S CHANGES
I haven't and the last
Jlnrik—Hello, Blobbs
AN INJUSTICE.
The fact that you were disguised makes the case against you very dark, said the magistrate to the prisoner.
Your honor, replied the prisoner, courteously, you do me an injustice. I was not in disguise. I wag merely traveling incog.
are
The
seen you for a year
coughing herd is always a herd IQ j Ume we met you were having a row
radical errors in
with your beet girl because she
How are mat-
which there are feeding, housing or general manage-
wouldn’t marry you
Dr
tors now?
Blobbs—Oh. they’re changed
Jisurik—Ah?
rot give them to y out sheep. A flock did. of eheep will eel ell tbe seed from ell
will split and place fond of the
meat
He is
nm
t
SHEEP SHEARINGS

RECONSIDERED.
He—You need not fear. I shall do nothing desperate just because you have refused me.”
Them Is-ling, I repent. It was only
t that you might do some-utio that made me refuse
actly." :,
As he spoke the door was thrown
need "Dr. Nip
POSSIBLE.
Here, said the Observant Boarder, who had a newspaper in his hand, Is a writer who asserts that odor# can
cause deafness.
Well, added the Oroee-Eyed Board j
the pumpkin# before them. They are | seeds, and they thrive on the diet. Sheep that greae ko woods do some
damage, metely be the young shoot.
They oabhle off nearly
1 a voice an
open a kola.
The three sprang to iheir feet simultaneously, with exclamations of as toniahmebt, ae the man they had beer
de his appearance.

Ill
of the t
discussing
T




Ü.
T\

1
*

i
I

###PAGE###4###

I

i

\\t Howard,
er was bound to regard the lumberman as hia only means of exchange or employment, and whatever the lumberman was
disposed to give him he necessity to accept. Hut although these one sided conditions no longer prevail uy farmers continue to folly# the old rut, and greatly so to their disadvantage, without giving the matter proper consid-That is one of the reasons why
THE EQUITY.
<
I


compelled of
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . . .
AGENT FOR
Fed. Life Assurance Co.,
Wit*
SHAWVILLE. DEC. 6, 1900
The army of legal liminatiea and other outsiders who are swarming over the county, shows to what lengths the wealthy interests that Mr. Gillies represents are prepared to go in capturing the county It is plain to be seen how deeper
Of Hamilton, Ont.,
ma

Conley Church
Organs, Pianos
Sewing Machines.
The Season for
eration
Mr. Gilliea hai been enabled to secure his supplies at less than half value, several days' j >urney from here through a rough country. They do not look into the matter carefully. They lose eight of the fact that the establishment of local markets everywhere have placed them a basis independent of the lumbermen to whom they have been time-servers for generations past.
and
again
ate is the character of the game they are playing. Having ignominiouely failed to bribe Mr. Brabszon to leave the field, they will now devote their energies ac<l their means to defeat him if they can. The flood gates of corruption have already
and the county ie being de: ::dle, not to speak of the promises great and promises
HEAD-QUARTERS FOR
STOVES
Office and Residence-opposite Dr. Lyons Shawvllle.
Harness,
Collars,
Bells,
Whips,
IMPORTANT Robes,
on
Is now In !
Coats,
swung open, luged with t
HOC RAISERS.
FOB SERVICE.
Cutters,
Sleighs,
Sloops,
Rugs,
Blankets,
•III»!»
DALE BROS.
numerous
small that are being held out as sops to conciliate the disaffected and indifferent All this goes to show that there is
A Campaign of Silence
Improved Chester White Hog. Took first prizes at Shaw ville and Bvachburg Exhibitions this year. Fee, $1.00.
Apjdy
The Parent Government ta pursuing the most singular political campaign ever witnessed in Canada. It brought on the elections out of their time without an and gave no excuse for its act. The Premier uttered no public word in explanation of hie course IHH a word in reply to the criticism levelled It has been pointed out that, judged by the ablest constitutional thoritiee, the dissolution at the time and and under the circumstances was contrary to sound principles. By his silence the Premier admits that his act is open to condemnation. It is declared that his government is not the successor of Mr. Marchand1! policy of economy, which po' abandoned the last session of the
SHAWVILLE,
Are prepared to supply the public with Stoves of all kinds at lowest possible prices.
voter
a very big stake in the game. Never perhaps in the history of the county will the intelligent voter have such a glorious opportunity of resisting temptation and proving to the world that he holds the underlying principles of manhood, and his right to vote as his conscience dictates too sacred to barter away for the millionaire's gold. Stand to your guns and protect your liberties 1
to—
r. McDowell,
. Clarendon
Washers, Wringers, Churns,
Sewing Machines,
excuse
FOB SERVICE.
lie has not
Salt
Thoroughbred Berkshire Hog. ™ pvt re." (Registered.) Fees reasonable
Apply to
at it
Axes, &c.
au
Shovels,
PONTIAC
H. G. YOUNG
Bristol
WOOLLEN
FOR SERVICE.
bred
A Thoroughbred Yorkshire Hog by A. W. Ross, of Dougins. Fee, $1.00.
ApplJames Armstrong.
Green Lake
Watch the Enemy
SMART & SMITH.
icy was
Legislature. By hie silence the Premier admits this also. It ia shown by the records of the Legislature that the subsidy hunters, whose success cost the province millions of dollars, are again to the fore, have gained many grants the province could not afford to make, and are laying plane for more. By his silence the Premier also admits all this, and gives no promise that he will not acquieae in granting further audsidies cut of a treasury that is over burdened with charges now. No matter who speaks or how he speaks in criticism of pist ministerial conduct or enquiry as to future ministerial policy, not a word is said in reply . The Government ssys by its act, and its silence in regard thereto ; Sir \\ ilfrid Lauiier and Mr. Tarie have carried the province belong to their party and except to carry it too. The position is neither dignified manly ; its success will promise no good for Quebec.—Montreal Gazette.
We trust our friends everywhere throughout the county who are using their efforts to secure the election of Mr. Brabazon on the 7th, will make it their especial business to keep an attentive eye on the enemy when polling day ar-We know they fully appreciate
MILLS.
FOB SEBVICE.
This well-known and reliable establishment will be found this season fully prepared as usual to meet the requirements of the farmers of the county.
Cross Thoroughbred Chester White and Berkshire hog for service. Fine, lengthy animal. Fee, fifty vents.
Apply to
GEORGE CATER,
Shawville
rives
the fact that we are contending against gigantic odds, and that it will be impossible to check the numerous devices that are being resorted to to steal the county from the fair unbiassed judgment of the people ; but it is in their power to see
that we are fairly dealt with at the polls
Last election it is a
Winter
Evening
Games !
FOR SERVICE.
Purebred Berkshire Hog. Took
at Shaw ville Exhibition this year
Appl} 1 Ilex, bean.
Portage Road
1st
x
prize
Our stock of Cloth

Inc lud in vail the finest makes in
on thta occasion notorious fact that we were not accorded justice at many of the polls, where biassed returning officers put politics before duty, and deprived us of votes that we were entitled to, hinging their objections upon some trivial inaccuracies
lists
friends are on the alert and firmly demand their rights. The enemy will re. sort to every means to secure undue advantages wherever possible. They fully realize they would net be in it at all fair, honest fight, and for that reason our friends will require to be particularly diligent to checkmate them. Stand to your guns and see that every legitimate vote
we
FOR SERVICE.
SERGES, TWEEDS, WORSTEDS &c. &c
nor
Pure bred registered Berkshire Hog for Fee—one dollar,
Apply to E. BROXVNLEE,
Shaw ville.
service
We have just received a large assortment of games suitable for both young and old.
PAICHUSI,
AUTHORS,
NATIONS,
CROKINOLE,
NEW CENTURY GAME, GAME OF PRETORIA, &c.
The Provincial Danger
in the
•i
FOR SERVICE.
This cannot occur again if our
An article that can only be clased as remarkable appeared in the Montreal Herald of last Wednesday. The paper, which is the Liberal 14 standby for the English-speaking people of this part of the province, evidently takes the Opposition view of the dangers ahead of the Parent Government, and makes what is almost an appeal, for the sake of the province, to the Conservative party to exert itself and the presence in the Legislative Assembly of an Opposition strong enough to keep the Government in check, shou.d it show a further inclination to fall into evil ways. It even dreads the recurrence of a period of Mercienem. It goes, indeed, a little further than most Conservative papers have gone in anticipating the results of the weakness shown during the last session at Quebec, when a practical surrender was made to the subsidy hunters, and obligations were asmmed that will add at least half a million to a debt that already hangs l ke a millstone round the administration’s neck. And wheieMr. Marchai d weakened, Mr. Par-
e„t U not likely to be strong. Indeed he	* received by the School
is self-ranked among those who brought Commissioners, addressed to the School about Mr. Marchands fall from grace. See. Treasurer of Shâwville, up to 10 He is the President of the Quebec Bridge o'clock on Saturday the 15th inst.. for 15 Company, which, on a paid up capital of cords of good, sound Dry Pine ami iiO cords
..St?=—-"s
money in aid of its scheme. A quarter of a million of this to come from the and Mr. Parent was a member
will he found choice and complete in every respect, and at money-saving prices.
A CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
Frank’ -one
White Yorkshire Hog year old ; took first prizes at Shawville ex hibition this year and last. Fee 75 cents Applv to RUBT. WLLSON,
< ïlarendon
A. HODCINS,
PROROPRIETOR
in a
FOR SERVICE.
Thoroughbred Yorkshire Hog. Fee— $1.00 for 1 sow. or $2.00 for t hree sows. Applv to SAM L KNOX,
Lot 1, 6th Con. Clarendon.
FALL
secure
is polled
WOOD WANTED.
Mr. Thos. Murray, Ontario member for Pontiac, is anything if not reckless in the statements he is sometimes led to make when his friends enthuse him into the belief that he is hammering down a fact hard and solid stated that the Montreal Star, which took such a vigorous part in the late Do-elections, was supporting the Que
GOODS I
to receive wood (soft
The undersigned is prepare<1 tenders for W curds or sto<e and lim'd.) Also 25 cords of cordwood. XX ood to be delivered any time during the
winter
You can shorten the long winter evenings by securing some of the popular games at
SHAWVILLE.
¦¦¦¦¦¦I GEORGE CATER, r. s. For Sale, Cheap, 400 lb. hog and
2 second ham 1 single sleighs.
THE DRUG STORE - -
At nomination he
Our customers will find us well stocked up with a good
. . line of . .
WOOD TENDERS.
minion
bee Government in the present contest We have to disagree with our friend on this, 2" on many other questions, for while the Stai admits the probable return
We are Agents for
The Winchester
SEASONABLE MOPS
f "
r

to power of Mr. Parent’s administration it especially points the danger it would be to the country if the Opposition # should not be strong enough to assist in checking the assaults that in all likelihood would be made on the treasury by the less scrupulous of the ruling party dently our cotem has in mind the carnival of corruption and extravagance which followed the return to power of Mercier 1889, with a large following-so large that the opposition were powerless to check the excesses that were carried on and which resulted in the debt of the province being increased over 11 millions of dollars—a debt which still largely ex iits and which will be likely to absorb a large slice of our material wealth before it ia extinguished.
Rifle.
some
.jf Trade
Fall

.36 - 5 5
BALLARD & MARLIN
II. LANG, See.-Trent
r
Shawville. Dec. H, 1UUU
and a comparison of prices will show that we are in it with the best of them for good values and satisfactory dealing.
\
province,
of the G îvernment which proposed the vote in the Legislature. The situation is improper, to put it mildly. In England Mr. Chamberlain is being attacked because some of his relatives hold shares
which have contracts with
CEO. HYNES,
Winchester loaded Shot Shells, 16,12 and 10 Gauge, slightly discolored, at S1.50
per hundred.
N|cDOUCALL and CUZNEIfS Hardware Stores,
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
L
Evi
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER.
SHAW VILLE, - - QUE.
in companies
the war Office, with the letting of which he had nothing to do. What would be es'd if he was a chief stockholder in a scheme receiving direct aid from the Government at his own instances ? He would hardly dare to retain his place. The situation in the bridge case illustrates the danger to which the Herald refers. Mr.
Parent the premier, is a shareholder in the bridge, which gets a quarter of a million of the province’s money. Some other minister may have an interest in the abattoir company, which demands a hundred thousand dollars of the province’s funds and mo on.
The case suggested by the Herald is not one that commends only the election of a strong Opposition. It calls for the substitution for the present ministers of men whose weakness in guarding the public interests will not be so evident. The scandalously short notice of the election given by the ministers, and the surprising
inaction and vacillation ot men who were The undersigned offers for sale his farm presumed to be the Opposition leaders property, desirably situated in the Front
electorate of the verdict of three yeais lam| rt|i tillable, with about 70 acres clear ago. The most that cm be reasonably c(\ 0f stumps and stones, and well fenced, expected that a sufticent number of Op- The soil consists of sandy loam with some
rasa»?	2SffiS£££3ES
ment’s acts, administrative as well as weu finished inside ; log stable and pig legislative. Only by this means can there gery . new frame ham with cow stalls un-be hope of preventing a relapse—if not derneath ; old log barn and sheds suitable
almost every Government of the province g^awville and from Bristol hern save that of Mr. Marchand up to the last is convenient to church and school.
mt4mm gmme
CAREFUL INSPECTION INVIT
E8v.
:n
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE’S CORNERS.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
Agents, Why Don’t Y ou Send for a Free Prospectus
FRESH and CURED
I also keep a complete stock of funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
MEATS
HAS SET THEM TALKING
of Canada’s Sons on Kopje and Veldt ? It is the latest book out. An agent just reports 51 sales in 8 days, another 26 in 4 days. Big Book, sumptuously illus trated, and is so cheap it sells on sight.
Send for a FREE PROSPECTUS before you sleep, and make money easy and quick.
That letter of Thorne Farmer, publish-od in our last week’s issue, has set the farmers of the county—especially those of them who have been accommodating Mr. Gillies with their oats and hay during the past—to talk and think about the
« Every word of it ia true and could have easily figured it out ourselves if we had only taken the trouble. This is substantially what a score of farm-told us since the Thorne man’s views * became public, and this fact reveals pretty clearly one of the primary and chief why the farmers of this section
of all kinds at
THE SHAWVILLE
N|eat Market
J. Œ. McGUIRE,

Desirable Property
for Sale.

matter
S
The Bradley-Garrets on Co., Limited,
BRANTFORD, ONT.
we
Proorletor.
I
mers
.303 Calibre.

causes
have not progressed to the extent that they should have done. They have simply been giving of their time and their substance to augment the riches of the lumbermen who have given them nothing In return in the way of material ad-

adapted for miles from
Savage Magazine Rifle.
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
and
The
¦

vantage.
* Ye*n ago before our transportation fa
cilitles were enlarged as they are today, there wae no help (or this, and the farm-
The Only Hammerles Smokeless 6-Shooter.
OO.f VTICA, N. T.t V. 8. AMERICA,
One rifle takes six different cartridges. Point Blank Range for Hunting.
Finest and safest rifle ever made for large or small game,
Write tor complete WW Cetatofne,
Massey, Ont.,
A ballot marked for a Conaerratire candidate on December 7 will be an Influence for good no matter what party wins.
1*
ÉA



x

(
ÜÉH m



###PAGE###5###
PM (S) ABIMEE (S)
1
il
r*

/
>
!
.)
i
TKE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
*o_876.
Meet# the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court due# must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren con dtally Invited.
LOI
A Weekly journal devoted to Local Internets.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
f
Keep on the Move I
PTViLIHMIID EVERY THURSDAY
AT HilAlv/VILLK, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUmr*\Tl0N-$1.00 A 11AA IN ADVANCE.
No* jipor stopped unUTlU arrearages e pald.Snlesi by special arrangement with | j ^ Cowàîi, R fl
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
LB.C
A. SMILEY, Prop.
H. 8. Babüktt, FB
J. W. FADES, C. R
o
ADVERTISING RATER:
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
Progress is movement in the right direction. The secret of being successful is to keep continually moving toward the desired object.
Legal •/vertlaing, eight cent* per line for first Ini /lion and four cents per line for each sol iqueot Insertion.
Bunin l cards not exceeding one Inch In-MrUdaif.oo per year.
Local ^luouneements Inserted at the rate of five cels per line for first Insertion and three i‘‘«II.for subsequent Insertions.
Com kl\*v advertising by the month or for U> ,¦ pc I ml# inserted at low rates, oh	iven on application.
'iflnte received without Instructions* • iS§m*|iy|r,K them will be Inserted until f vv i(jn and charged for accordingly,
Birth. Eaiiage and death notices pub-||g*ad fr Sofbarge. Obituary poetry three cents peiptne.
84 Nepean SL, Ottawa, Ont.,
Lumber of All Kinds Boagbt and Sold
FOR
CONSIUNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commission Business a Specialty.
...OUBOBJECTJS THE HEIGHT OF
“ PERFECTION
SLEIGHS, CUTTERS, ROBES, BLANKETS, HARNESS, WHIPS, BELLS, &c:,
wbl
Adi
always aiming to buy in the best markets and sell at the lowest possible margins.
HKKIftKirf M BY PKRMIUMlOSr :
Denis Murphy. Pres. Ottvwa Transportation Co K. W* Avery., Hull LumlwCo.
Shirr lb, K II. Eddy Co.
Latchfunl A McDougall, Barristers.
John Heney & Son#.
H. N. Bate A Sou.
OB PRINTING
J. T
All Ids l°f Job Printing neatly and cheaply «culled. Order» by mall promptly Bltendeio.
JOHN A. COWAN
Publisher
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
t
Bisuness Cards.
How about Waterproof Coats, Ladies and Cents ?
%
MEDICAL.
F. MiÀ^cWâUghtOfji B.^.|	| The spot for—
Graiiav ok McGill University,;
-friddtence of the late Dr. H. II
xphifvville,
IDiiiM- Monday Saturday afternoons.
A Fashionable Hair Cut Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
Seasonable Goods :
Office
Kno
Office
CALL AT
tr Your Turn next
Wednesday and
Horse Blankets, Oil Tan Moccasins, Men’s and Boys’ Overcoats and Pea Jackets, Men’s all-wool heavy Top Shirts, Men’s and Boy’s
Underwear (a most complete range. Ask to see our 50c. line—it is a hot one.) All-wool grey and white Blankets, Trunks and Valises, (our stock is unsurpassed in assortment and prices. Boots, Shoes and
Rubbers. We handle everything in Ladies’
Men’s and Children’s Footwear.
SMILEY’S.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D.f C. M
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Mtiity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by •xamlnstloi of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Ornes amd RssidbmcI ï J. H Akmstromo's House,
8HAWVILLB.
and
JEWELLER
MAIN STREET

KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK OF
WATCHES,
CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. SILVERWARE Ac. *e.
fqp:THB
I PORTAGE DU FORT

LEGAL.
PATENTS

BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L L, L
t
1
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
Roller Mill

I
a
PROMPTLY SECURED
vis/it Shaw ville every Monday.
ink. CÀrtBLE,
Repairino-
a Speciality
WILL

Write for our interesting books “ Inventor’s Help'* and •• How you are swindled/’ Send usa rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Rejected applications have often been successfully prosecuted yy us. We conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal and Washington ; tn is qualifies us to promptly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents as broad as the invention. Highest references, furnished.
Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special notice without charge in, over loo newspapers distributed throughout, the Dominion.	,

SHAWVILLE, Q
BARRISTER, do.,
m 20, Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks St., Ottawa, Out.
Atl Shawvllle, second and fourth Thursday I	'of each month.
*tïg|rP-over O. F. Horigins’ Store, Main St.
G. F. HODGINS.
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
District and Country.
- WVSA>VVW^V*^
IRON WORKS FOR OTTAWA Company Looking for a Site.
I
o
EO. C. WRIGHT,
Ottawa wiil soon have a big bridge and structural iron works, said a prominent bu Viess man the other day. It is understood that a large company has been formed in this city, with Montreal and Ottawa capital, which will erect and run a large works near the old St. Lawrence and Ottawa depot.
The promoters of the Company are at
present looking for a site on Bolton street the German anti-government press are and if successful will commence opera becoming alarmingly numerous. An ap-tions at once,	pulling story is told in two letters sent
It is understood that this new firm have fvom pekin by members of the expedi-left^ed this portion of the city to locate tionary corps. The first one reads as (clin owihg to its close proximity to the boat j0W8 ;
landing and railway depot.	“ At noon, while cooking our meal, we
One Ottawa man, Mr. W. J. Campbell, were called out to assist Ueiman marines, who is interested in the new company, \\'e captured 7b Chinese, all of whom we says that there is a great opportunity for tied together by their pigtails. We then such a firm as this in Ottawa as during marched them to our lines. On the way the past years a great Jed of structural our men maltreated them in such an uu-iron has ^been purchased outside which merciful way that the blood oozed from might as well have been manufactured in their bodies. Upon arrival in our lines the city._____________ they were unceremoniously sentenced f->
death. We then marched them to the place of execution, where these bleeding victims were first made to dig their own
SaggSHgg
SÈESeeI
member, .upport tho adminiitratlui, whit «truck each victim. We heard heavy ever it ii, the Government is already sighs and groans and saw the bodies turn asauted if half the Legielative Anembly. bhng into the graves ; then all was over The surprise it sprung on the Opposition Fhat was on Sunday morning, has beer; quite as effective as it could have The writer of the other letter says hoped. It is certain of a large majority, “ It is impossible for me to describe to perhabe too large a majority for its own y°}L dear mother, how matters are now good or the good of the province.	80in8 on m. ^ll? w.Ar* 1 his murdering
With candidates in only half the con- and butchering is simply madness. We stituencies the Conservative Opposition are told that the Chinese stand outside of has not much more than a sense of duty the law of nations, for which reason to inspire it. This has counted for much, prisoners are made, but all are shot, or, though, at times, and may count for con- m order to economize on cartridges, even
The prospect of such a «tabled to death. Last Sunday after-the Government played for, noon we were ordered to stab ,4 prisoners to death with our bayonets, wmch
came about thus
First Quality Flour.
P. S.—Preparing for Christmas. Watch this | jtuf^'af/Engincers space next week.
—Patent business of Manufac
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
of thi; province of yrtusc,
MARION & MARION
. Patent Experts and Solicitors.
Hr {
âdT Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
Building—
DC
Sparks Sueet, Ottawa.
1173.
rts of Ottawa and Pontia
50 YEARS* EXPERIENCE
JOSEPH BROWN,
THE MARKETS.
«. IRELAND,
l'a PRIBTOH*
I

ATENTS
rk of the District Magistrates' CVH*r&- -s
nlssloner and Conveyancer. Deeds, gages, etc., executed legally and sails-
rlly.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 70 to 75c Oats per bushel, 00 to 24c. Pease per bushel, 00 to 57c. Eggs, per dozen, 14c Butter, per pound, 17 to 18c. Wool, per pound, 16 to 18c. Pelts, each, 00 to 75c.
FOR SALE:
A quantif y ot—
Trade Marks Designs
rrTf1' Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an Invention Is probably patentable. Communications strictly confidential. Handbook on Patents sent free. Oldest agency for securing patents.
Patents taken through Munn ATx). receive tptcial notice, without charge, in the
Scientific American.
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
QUE
AWVILLE
J A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
NOTARY FOR THE
S	ANiANDSA V1NG8
WANTED !
money to loan on easy terms
BRYSON
Will be In Shawvllle on Tuesday and Sat unlay of every week.
OTTAWA
QUE
A handsomely lllnmirated weekly. Urgent circulation of any ecfctiufic Journal. Terms, $3 a
year ; four months, ft Bold by all newsdealers, i	e
IWUNN &	New York An Active Canvasser
Branch Office C25 F BL. Washing', un. D. C.	| _	—.	,	.	,	,
In Pontiac County, to work
amongst farmers, to represent the LARGEST NURSERY IN CAN YIUY
STONE & WELLijttTGN, of TORONTO.
Penuanent position to good, steady man; pay weekly, free outfit and good terms. Splendid local references will be supplied as to our stock and reliability, to assist in canvassing.
Rutter, print, 24c. per lb.
“ pails, 19 to 23c. per lb. Eggs, fresh, 23c. per doz. Potatoes, 40 to 45c. per bag. Apples, 45 to 75c. per bag. Lamb, 7 to 9c. per lb.
Mutton, 6 to 8c. per lb.
Beef, 34 to 5&c. per lb.
Pork. $6.50 to $6.75 per 100. Chickens, 35 to 55c. a pair. Oats, 28 to 30c. per bushel.
Hay, $9.00 to $10.00 per ton. Wool, 14 to 17c. per lb.
N omination Day
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
mMm
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
J
J. J. TURNER,
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadien Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
m	Sample# Free
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
Pontiac. Sales conducted In a business-like and satisfactory manner. Goods or articles of any kind taken and disposed of by public or private sale on reasonable terms. Public sales conducted at Shawvllle once a month. A variety of articles always on band for sale: Office: Shawvllle, Que._
bers of disaffected Dutch, with supplies and hidden weapons, are willing to join them. The Boers seem to be taking fresh heart, and are becoming extremely energetic in almost every part of the Trans, vaal and the Orange River Colony.
Apply to
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
HOTELS
C. K GRIGG,
St. Lawrence Hall,
RENFREW, Ont
no
•9
Knox joined this force and found Dew* etsdorp evacuated. Seventy five sick and wounded had been left there.
•• Knox pursued and is reported to
have successfully engaged Steyn and I ed all the young couples who have got Dewet near Vaal Bank, Nov. 27.	married since they took charge of the
“ They retired west and southwest. Bristol congregation at the Manse Fri-Dorrien's column has returned to Belfast I Knox’s messenger failed to get through, j day, Nov. 30th. A very pleasant even-after a five days' march from Bullstrooro. eo % have no details.”	I ing was spent by all.
They had only one casualty.	______m	The young men of this district are
On the return journey the Canadians,	m	leaving for the woods now.
while scouting, rode close to an ambush | Portuguese Alter mm. | Concerts and Xmas trees are the topic prepared by the Boers. Realizing their,	__ _
sSrSeat; '.t: 55?	1 jarx	*
ing back to the column. Then they	v	. I Mr. and Mrs. J. Warren, of Braeeide,
s U:ÿf -xtc
killing several of them. They held their j troopw, with two guru crossed the e | congeetjon 0f *he lungs.
SrÆXTr:	Z	J jysysr " ™ “• ""
nsltv	I ntory and in that district.	| ig^. Wm. Cuthberteon is visiting friends
Squire.
Mrà C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Oobd Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
ViasT-CLAes Livery Attached.
BRISTOL

Outwitted the Boers
•iderablo now
Rev. Mr. and Mrs. Morrison entertain
success as
I and as nearly won, has sobered even ardent Liberal», who have memory of what.	,	.
the last uncontrolled regime meant for one °f our patrols. Ah a consequence j the province. The need of a strong Op- our battalion was sent out in pursuit of ESTABLISHED 1886. position is recognized, and in the effort the enemy, ,4 of whom were captured
----	I to provide it the Conservatives in the *h?e. These were executed
field should have the help of all indepen- cruel and impossible to describe, and we dent as well of all Conservative voters, can only hope that tins state of affairs It is the voters’ interests which are most will soon be over, for otherwise one will at stake. Among the Opposition candi-1 forget having once been a human being.
dates are some of the ablest men in the last Legislature—Mr. Flynn, in Nicolet ;
Mr. Leblanc, in Laval ; Mr. Atwater, in Montreal ; Mr. Hackett, in Stanstead ;
Mr. Pelletier, in Dorchester ; Mr Panneton, in Sherbroke ; Mr. Chicoyne, in Wolfe ; Mr. Pelletier, Lsprsirie ; Mr.
Beauchamp, in Two Mountains ; Mr. | completely disperses large boer force Duplessis, in St. Maurice ; Mr. Brabazon, .	under uen. delirey
in Pontiac ; Mr. Bedard, in Richmond	____ 300 British Captured by Boere at
-6nVprômire^r.ychtvemTn^wt." London. Not. 7.-Lord Robert. c.b;	Dewetodorp.
ward lliet font sin. The Boers, the des- including Major H. J. Anson, and patch mays, were completely dispersed. | J»pL Uigby. I he enemy is said to 1-.
A correspondent of the Chicago Record, I A despatch to the Standard from Pre-1 u Four hundred men were despatched Wolfgang Foltz, writing from Bremen, toria dated Nov. 25, says it is reported from Eden burg to relieve Dew etsdorp, Germany, Nov. 15, says	| that the Boers propose to strike again at but they did not succeed in reaching there
The cruelties reported from China in ' Cape Colony, where, it is believed, num-Jin time.
CLEVER PIECE OF WORK BY CANADIANS
The Chinese had shot
t
Pretoria. Nov, 28.—General Smith-
?
Yt

was
The Shawvllle
now
FACTORY.
SASH and DOOB

THE WAR.
lifcricr t Eilerlir
Clements in Hot Fight
Souses * Verandahs
at Ottawa thia week
MANUFACTURED
Plot to kill Roberts
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. àc,
Kept in stock and made tn order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULAR?RICES
STRAY HEIFER.
PLAN WAS TO EXPLODE A MINE UNDER A CHURCH DURING SERVICE.
men
f
, .	— v	zx/.. Strayed on to my premises about the
London, Nov. 28.—The War Office middle of September, a spotted heifer, publishes the following despatch from Owner may have same by paying for this Lord Roberta, dated Johannesburg, Nov. advertisement.
" Aa reports of a plot against my
will probably reach you, I think you -------------------------------
should know the facts. It is my belief	. __
that there was a plot in existence ; and HEIFER ASTRA *.
five Italians, four Greeks and a French-	----
man, were arreeted on Nov. 16, and are Strayed on to my premises about 1st now awaiting trial. Their intentions of October, 4 heifers. The owner is re
=S stitSSM saÿuasus y *
at 11 o’clock on November 18.”
<;
McCREDIE & HODGINS.
MARTIN BEATTY.
Bristol Ridge
26
Estimates furnished
life
SCHOOL NOTICE.
Horrible Allegations
The time allowed by law having expired ateoayers are hereby notified and re
their school tax to the un tv, as funds are demands.
H. LANG,
Sec.treae.
questefftopav tlieii
derslgned without dett to meet current
ShawvUlo, Oct. 29, IWO.
delà
DAVID CLARKE.
More head.
nec

i

)

V
1
###PAGE###6###



m *
^4 . w—


\
I V x

1



1
N.
SOCIAL WASriïM* r1
QUAINT OLD TIME WAYS.
new musical genius.
II!» Schedule.
Being require‘1 to give A schedule of his personal property, a colored eltlien lu the rural district furnished the following;
Oue wife en 2 bal* er cotton.
mule, bllu In de off eye, en de
hoy whut plows him.
One • room house wld a shingle roof
on a mortgage on It.
One y aller dog, hard en hear In, wld
his tail cut off.
One eaten table, eu mighty little ter eminent put on u	and his able coadjutors at Somerset
Two chairs wld seven legs en a half. House are already preparing for the
of the United Kingdom on
Glghtfffnlh Ontury M*»(l** llonwc mill : un era I lUsalatUas.
Diving Into the old records of one of the most dimming cities of our common------------r - u .	,	, wealth. Northampton, wo find much of
least the equal of 1 adore*a* , * (|Wp tutervst ss revealing customs sud
iff H
FESTIVITIES OF WHICH THF j
house IS THE CENTb/.J
lllviil the Great
Toeelll le laid to
Paderewski#
Murlco Toeulli, the Italian planlet who I, iva'iuxled on the other aide ot the ue.-an
AH at »«-•»•* — --»  tit I.. I uevy âu%« »' ¦* — - »v  ................. ....
make a tour of this country, begum ug m lmhit„ of 0|jt.u time. No tire was found
...... TowelII is only a hoy of 11». nut ^ U10etiug house" In olden time, and
the reports are that he has made a 11 e- compftrgtWoly recently foot stoves wero mendous sensation In France, hugiami carrjtMj tu church, as were tallow caudles uml of course in his native laud. 1 he I
962
>


X
i*»f See
: *ïWe ïllws-
People Who lleve Char* l'unot Ion» *1 l*1*

The
fifty
Mnnelon—< olim«‘l nad Mr»
nud Their Manifold Dul^a.
of rvvrtf anibl-
of the
One
ENGLAND’S COMING CENSUS.
January
hum
THE FvX AND THE GOBBLER.
KnnuirrMtlou to lie Made on
Before the mind’s eye tious American boy rise vialout' time when he will be pointed uufas me
occupant of the White House. * J rx< 1
mansion holds u higher pl ^J 1,1 1 ie
house
An
iu Ills native laud.
„uu w. --—	.	. ..	, , to the ©venin* meetings. In 173< the lui-
critics of theme countries speak of him in t#ut vit||l que6tlon at u legal town
meeting was, “Shull men and their wives ho seated together iu pews?” and the vote
was an emphatic "No!"	utive
In 1744. about the beginning of Jnno; heArti of 0ur people than any ottj
—SËÉ5É : rBFHsàg
|„g Into consideration the dltticnlty Mr. bead of our government all Pp#' Edwards hath labored under this year class by itself. For many yeufj and some time past with respect to his there hap been a growing feel) firewood, the town voted that those per* exevutiw mansion, although l l<lful 10
sons who have not tlila year brought him Ricbittcture and in site, is» ‘«»K«
a load of wood might have liberty he- | t.lluUgi,. Though to rural In»» jo tween this time and next Tuesday night Washington it seems massive* gugu in to bring each uuo his load of wood. If g p pea rance, Iu reality the Botin 'n thorn was nut a sufth ivuvy of wuo«l l>y (.|Ua<«hmvnls upon tin living v 1 10 that time, the town then voted, the j president und his family have! bti tmmy lectin en should sve that the deficiency	great. So numerous, in s i a 1,1 x
was met at the cost of the town.	they become that Mr. McKinley**1 ¦ 1 '
Later, lu 17S9, we find In the warrant c<mt|y referred to in a uewspilp#*rttvie for town meeting this entry:	"To p o« UH |jvjng iu “a seven room flat1"
firewood for the Rev. Mr. Williams, •	social season in Wash
to choose a committee to seat the meet- winter bids fair to he gayerlai ing house." A most serious busiiiesa to |ively than that of last year, Ivhh was decide who should take preference in the eat](iened by the death of the Irk !>»’• *‘* broad aisles. The "nigger pew," well re- dvnL uf course the executive meinhered by the writer, caused no troll- jH t|l0 center of official gajretjt. At tne Me to said officer, as that wus readily recoptiOUH gather brilliant assemblS*» 01 pted by the "colored brethren," like mi,n distinguished In national bm mt« r-cows in the stable, who went dutifully to |infiunal «flairs. The diplomate s»r|* is their separate stalls.	there In full force, and the wctmes iu
Not only the living hud special rubs dm,g of jt8 members mingles wHU t.iw governing their conduct, but the rules handsome toilets of the ladiei •»d about the dead were very quaint, as by more somber garb of the ma t dis uv this report of u committee, May 11, 17S0, ^dshed of our own diplomats and to whom had been referred the conduct ; men# At the head of all are the president
eeiie*
sical genius.	! (hm.fort, recommended to all the Inhab-
itants of tills town to observe the following regulations at funerals:
"First—That the relatives of the deems follow next the corpse, two and two.
"Second—If the deceased was o male the males are to follow next the
March 81 Best.
Under the direction of the local gov-hoard the registrar general
Au Instructive Fable by Your Deer
Old I tide F.lt.
[Copyright, 1900, by C. ». Lewis.]
The Fox had long desired to make a closer acquaintance with the Gobbler, but as the latter went to roost at sundown and selected a high limb Reynard always arrived a little too late. Ue had tried bluffs and threats and

« k •
l
!
I
brass watch wlmt runs on de census l	I	¦	¦¦
Atlanta Constttu- March 81 next. As It happen* the date *
falls on a Sunday, and that day has \ liven chosen because most people are at home then.
Britain- England, Scotland and Wales . will he counted simultaneously with
In both eases the arrangements are on Identical lines, ex
,	, that Ireland will have a religious (
A hard headed old uncle asked him one n,|V ll> an(j ,ilv rest of the kingdom
what lines of goods lie expected
(
! One Installment plan, tlou.
,,
A

t

i
The people of Great
lie Saw.
The drummer was telling Ids cockney friend his latest story.
“A chap out west." he said, about to go Into business. L much capital, but he had lots of pluck.
wever, iut the


*, "was He hadn’t
?
those of Ireland.

m ®
-
\

I
day
will not. Preparatory
h
>

to the census of ten England and \Yai*s were
to carry.
1 nm not certain yet/ he answered
that l shall carry a full *H‘ui!* his old uncle ‘A line of courage Is nothing
i
• « •
yvaj'8 ago
‘parceled out Into 3-1,000 districts, so that, allowing for the growth of the population, the number of districts March will fall little short u4 40,-Each district will have an vuu-

I
him, ‘except line of courage/



this
livre

?
g '*
snorted.
but a rope of sand.
"I see,” exclaimed the cockney. “You
car n't make a rope of sand I
cure

>
f ti

HàkS»
IlVXt




.4'
*
IKK».
mem tor. Ids duty being to distribute.
the householders'
Institutions and establish-
HIM
/

Haw,

fb
haw!"
collect ami copy

schedules.
nients holding more than 100 Inmat, “How did that young man come out wm |,v specially enumerated, in the of the poker game he got into at ('rim- m|norlty of cases by the chief resident
Appointed about the middle

l
A Carefel Vlnyrr.
j •
acce



I
Lia
ZxV


mm
5

son Gulch?"
officers. ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦Pip
“Oh,” answered Three Finger Sam. of February, this army of vuumvr-
You see, he ators wm under the Immediate confie didn't troj 0f the local registrars, these in
being supervised by superintend*
.4

4k
“he come out nil right.
conservative
Photo by Angtoliui. Florence.
KNH1CO T08KLLL
played very
take any risk» whatever. He just said.
‘That's good!’ nod kept 'ris hands off VI1( registrars.
turn
AT EM OLD TRICKS.
flattery to no avail, but one evening ns the money.” he roamed about he got an Idea and at hastened away to the Gobbler.
The enumerators will distribute the
schedules during the
/'£
utr.
householders* week prior to the census day and col*
the Monday following.
pan***
jE5uw*>
Unconwclon# Comimrluon
"Ah." he protested, *n y love for you |,.v( them on
Is the greatest thing in the world. It \\ui,jU a reasonable period the returns
It Is wiser lnnst be delivered by the enumerators,
be examined and revised by

£
once
“My dear,” he began as he arrived under the tree, "1 have told you what a fine bird you were, but you-you" -
"1 don't tumble,” replied the Gobbler, than the
"1 have said that 1 loved you, but ears.” you seem to doubt me."
"Yes, 1 do."
"You won't even come walk with me while we talk things more American.
/
t
fis

Is larger than the world.
IÆ
Lot me pour It into your
so as to
the local registrars before being passed the superintendent registrars.
sea.
2*
^jfei
gggN «
NEXT YEAR'S YACHT RACE.
f
l>o
"Sir!” ejaculated the fair maid.
to insinuate anything about wjl0 ju aue course transmit them to
the census office. Summary returns
form the basis of a preliminary report. Next fall will see another series of races pe|,Hon
~5=s.rr = liii:: lllill
“V^hhitr nt nil I know your little self abasement, "I can’t perceive what became known, the fact that the popu- JohnHtono Upton, who has again an- . pbird-Those on horseback are to Col-
«.-Vr !-¦" “¦juM "•* r„“L‘-me “ “** I0“	10	i r-sr.sr.in: -a : 5 z set^ru?
SsIhhe	=E=5SI i ElFeËl eSEBE —
gate of 40,1)21.371 for the L*ulted King-, thut wi„ he able to leave astern even d^^shcd nml the timber and )Æ\n Seeing that the natural Increase | tljVir wonderfully fast 1899 creation. s<|,(1 for t|lP beufit 0f the toxyrr. Laws
were passed relative to thKscboollug of boys and the amount of wood they should bring to the schoolhouse. Girls were of account in those days.
on to
In (he Hand* of Old Sailor*.
i
Mew Boat*
: you mean
down and the size or shape of my cars.-
—Baltl-

iM
1


Wx,
over."
"Not at all.”
"What can 1 do to prove my earnest-
Sk
/
:

là A
1
eV

ness?”
m
I



me
r
eyes "What!
me:
stuck up. no “And she called you bow legged, interrupted the Fox.
"How dared she!”
"And found fault with your voice. I stuck up for you. of course, but being you don’t care for uiy society I'll move If the Peacock saw us out walking
together	t
“She shall—she shall!” exclaimed the
Gobbler as he flew down.
Moral.-When the Fox had picked clean, he stretched himself

7lSt

receives the pay of a coin The present incumbent of the office Colonel Theodore A. Bingham, mnjo
the engineer corps.
native of Connecticut and possease* full share of Yankee diplomacy It !«¦ essential of his office, for he is froquen^P called upon to decide perplexing questions of social etiquette and precedence, in these duties, as well as in taking charge of the building and the grounds of the White House, he is most ably assisted by his wife, a woman of striking presence .
admitted hlVVûïlt'Vudi and personality mud possessed of n great
•tore of diplomacy.
Colonel Bingham makes all the pna-en tat ions to the president at the White House receptions and, like the presi» dent’s
close to his chief. Co1	_	.
im 5EE55E
M.^ung ns military attache of the l nited States embassy at Berlin.
L

CZl

on
dom.
of the population a mounts roughly to 112,712 every three months the census
1 be expected to denion-thnt Great Britain and Ireland
Colonel Biughnn
4
o
i
frS

of 1901 may •trate
contain no fewer than 41.2d 1.501 peo-
ndvnncv of 3,520.585 since
i
no

Z
the bones and said:
"Flattery and envy are a double barreled gun. and If one misses the othei Is very scire to hit.”	M. Quad.
V

ml
Tricks of Ills Trade.
A visitor at one of the local prisons became Interested in one of the prisoners, who was being detained for picking pockets. He frankly __ spoke of his business iu the same way that a tradesman would boast of his ex-
pie. or an the census of 1801

Mew Vor2 Tuealer Price*.
It used to be said that the theater
l
gsis-ss =###
,0Mrm6kS, *'S-1 was wouderinglf	Sot	Ml. Look.	New Yorkers bave seen theater prices
.. wf)„i* i'e referred to The Hague Ruggs—Going to get your accident #vmtliauv increased to $2 In almost
tx.aid ui arbitration for settlement.- policy renewedÏ	every theater, while In London the In-
Pittsburg Chronieie-’ivlegraph.	Little-Xo I supposed that an accl- olUl;lt|on has been for several years to
dent went with every policy, but in- |VSS|1|I (be expenses of theater goers, stead of that I haven’t so much as lt was nlwn.vs no more expensive there
, in reality than in New York, because the number of places held at $2.50 was
small In comparison with the orches-
Now
%
*V
i
pevtness.
“What I would like to know la, ¦aid the visitor, "how you know where n victim has his money."
"Easy enough," replied the snatcher,” smiliug shrewdly. "When ye’re
crowd jest holler ‘Look out for plek-l edge**
r

f
r
« £
private secretary, stands very
» Bingham and


r ifinWI
»



w


i \
in a
pockets!’ and «11 of them, m®« men. will Instinctively place their hands where they have their money. Now that know where to look for the stuff you van go to work quietly. See?
The visitor thanked the jailbird for the Information and was moving away when
he latter called him back.
••Here," said lie*, "1 don’t want that. It isn’t worth over a couple of dollars, and J •o Blue e lie returned u pin that had lately adorn, ed the visitor’s scarf and which he hud nipped while in conversation with him.


urn* e</u
I|||p ¦
mk

i


A Woman of Many Centuries.
Miss Margaret (iast is the latest specimen of the women who try to ride the greatest number of miles on a bicycle in the shortest possible time. Miss tiast has succeeded iu riding 2,(100 miles with
that she will probably hold
Wotild Believe Ills Stories.
He had come home late the previous scratched my finger the whole year.-nlght and was telling bow it happened. Boston Transcript, really ought to have married
that little Miss Joues Instead of me,”
she said at last.
"Why?” he demanded.
“Oh. she’s soch a credulous little
‘ !

you
A. 4

i


"You
l
Making I p HI" Mind.
First Restaurant Cockroach—XV by so What are you thinking about?
tra seats of a New X ork theater, the local theaters are regularly more expensive than those In London, and the circumstances attending the sale of tickets make the pleasure still more Very few seats that are ditto be had at the box
gloomy ?
Second R. C.—l have made up my mind to die. but l can’t decide whether to depart this life us m’uce Die or stewed blackberries
m

thing.”


costly.
slrable are ever offices, and. while the public is everywhere warned against the speculators, tickets are to be had only at the hotels and at the same prices asked by the
street speculators.
Yorker who looks for the best city theater mint pay $2.50
m.
i
'5; Mm
Wm

Their Stron* Point».
•Women waiters,” said the other
much neater and cleaner
# i;
Kan-

Culm Beiike Art re.
Culm Is curious «tuff, and there seem# to be an abundance of it.	l’copie who
travel through the mining regions id way» Inquire about the great mountains of coni dust that vise iu every direction, some of them 200 feet In height. These piles of culm often catch lire either by accident oi spontaneous combustion, and It is almost Impossible to extinguish them. At night red glare is visible all over the val
Her Feeling*.
Husband (looking at ins wife’s check Tyte-Phlst. book)-You should number every clu ck
mnn. "are so looking than men.”
"Yes.” responded Mr.
tucking his napkin under his chin, “and you send out
don't have to tip them.”-Chlcago wife-But l don't want to. dear.
ashamed to let tbe bank know how
many I use.—Life.
Î
«F

W

k.
A-


** V
So the average



. A

m
1
Kl
in

u
i
#
New sent in a for it
you


11
am
Tribune.
& \



Sr
#5 '

r &
The Rnllner Vn*"lon.

r-.
K*

%
An Kan y Claim.
"I understand that tbe Chinese claim to have used horseless carriages ages ago." said Mr. Pitt to Mr. Penn.
“What sort of things were they?”
“Sedan chairs.” - Pittsburg Chronicle-Telegraph.
I '
' 4ÏV-' I
Electric Typewriter*.
The first electric typewriters are peeled to make their appearance on market this autumn. A number of them have been patented, and there will be some rivalry. They will cost j
the



ex-

leys.

m.
«am
the
Near WUkeabavre a culm hunk has
Various at

.V*

been banting for 25 years.	.
tempts have been made to Quench tin* j CAPTAIN EUWAKD bycamoke.	fire ^ut it is just as bright and vigorous .
:«aa B#a !ÜH B*1 '
game The printing is accomplished by come tue best of these hardy fellows, j face fire |8 fed with fresh fo^ u ,e contact of the finger. No pres- The English yacht owners have not been j burrow into the heap.
'¦ °° '*¦	w'"™ T» a	t,< ............
British seamen have had the preference. Mrfl> Wnyuppe-I thought the wedding
Wivenhoe, a little seashore town in ^ music magnificent. A throbbing note <>r
sex is the place to find good English t|.|umph. of Ineffable joy. seemed to run
yachting sailors.	\ through it. as though the organist were
The captains next year will on both |ngpjre(j.	.
sides be veterans. Either Hank Half or. Mm Nowltt-Tbe organist was Im
Charlie Barr Is the probable American ; $re(lf n0 doubt. He was the bride s th G
choice, and Sir Thomas Upton has al-, ^nshand, and now he dovsn t have to pay
selected Captain frMwnrd Syca alimony any more,—Htchange*
Captain
j,
*
From a recent photo.

1
Jr
U
%

1
>



\
if

W 1
,

l

(

l
I
Aft */..*

ary.
you can't."
L
%



-JBfe
“Where are you going In such haste, neighbor?”
“To the railway station."
“Too hod. for 1 was going to tell you
s piece <>f news.”
“Oh. dearl Srain!”—Filegende Blatter.
i
mere

a* II’* Spoke.
Polly Perkins. Let’s sure
“There comes make It hot for her."
“How. Dolly?"
“Why, let’s be real cool to her. dlanapolis Journal.
tlgue.
Another advantage is that speed Is
The work is
*4
“-In- practically unlimited.^^gH
done os fast *8 keys can be touch-


ed.
Now I’ll lose another
A Happy Mortal.
Cotton In de gin.
En de co n is took ter mill.
En de sheriff level on ’em, But de nigger happy •tiUI

Suicide Ran In This Family.
The remark sometimes is heard. "Sul-
FEE SiS gsSftsfSnaai
to tbe famous Italian composer Bos- waferB Ile wns assistant skipper of the slnl. There were nine persons in tbe Vn,kyr‘ie m when she sailed here in family a few years ago. One by one x^' aud during the yachting season just the whole family has committed eut- past he was in command of' August ’
wwi mrnm «b.
herself from a fourth story wlnaoW grjtojn They are a very dangers > vair WeQt another c
yachtsmen



A Dread.
I am a bold campaigner who Fear, naught-'twas proved of yois-6av« one'thing, which I’ll name to you. And that 1 f« ar full sore, i gloom would Kttle o'«f th. I.nd When d.lly I rojolct;
A national grief would take command If | should low my voice.
J
i
f
One scientist he* «llseoieied that heut Is Increasing at -rocb a rate that it will burn up the world In 800.000 year., while another him discovered that the eaitli wll freeze to death in about that time.
G wine all de way
Trouble ukf bîîJ’/oB.' k.L’^he tio't *ot Urn. t« stay I
i
From a
MISS MARGARET GAST
?he record for some time, and greatest woman century rider Is a years of age. weighs about 125 pounds and Is only 5 feet 2 inches in he.ght 8he
underfill amruutof strength
Merchant take de ole mule Ter settle up his hill;
Only got de Ian’ lef,
But nigger happy still!
Owtne all de way
Ter de happy, happy day;
Trouble take blw'l off, ksv b. tin t got tiw te
—Atlanta Constitution
This latest
Tio steals my purse steals only trash;
Who steals my thunder finds
unmeaning crash
tie.
L
«**
1 iik but to vociferate.
1 make no prouder choice,
JUid shudder at my awful fate
*- W ’-WMhrngto. Stir.
O, aud down
aud endurance.
and was picked up dead.
stay I
if I
l




I
J

f


I
###PAGE###7###
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (B)





(
m ¦
ARROW SHOTS.
happens in a blade of grass le totally different.
“The blade of grass is n network of fine diietH in which ie constantly circulating the nourishment which the blade drawn from the root, It presents, in contrast with the dead Ixxly of the hair, a living, restating substance which has a most intimate connection with the condition of its root and which dries up infallibly when it is separated from its root, while the hair will remain unaffected for thousands of years after its papilla has withered away. We need cite only one irresistible proof of this—the hnir on the heads of mummies. The root of the hair as long ns it exists can produce n new hair when the old hair has fallen out, while the root of many a plant gives existence to one sprout only, and then, together with it, declines and dies more a hair is disturbed in its natural growth by continually cutting off its ends the less rest its papilla, the real producer of the hair, buds; the papilla being constantly incited to excessive production, wavers finally in its activity, decays and dies. For tins reason a woman with a bald head is never or seldom seen, as the natural nml very slow process of ili.- growth <>f n woman’s hail is not dis hi rhed
dc tin lie length of it-?•If. and a iu'\\ hair begins to uj.pf.;r us soon as the papilla has had time to rest itself thoroughly and to prepare it iflf for the process of a new growth. These are the reasons which lead to the obviously valid conclusion that cutting the hair is r ither injurious than useful.”
A GKEAT SCHEME.
WOMAN AND HOME.
till/' lie buret out angrily. “Barnes, com
here.”
The orderly rode up and stood at at tent ion.
' Ü&I OF UA\.
Some Itaadom FfTwrts to •€'>«
Which Is Unite Certain to Inconvenience Heck less Pedestrians,
y H m h n Tariret».
4 tong, lithe shadow* creep •real, xetiers the last sunbeams
tt '
v w
THE BEAUTIFUL LADY WHO REIGNS AT THIRLSTANE CASTLE.
heavy bamboo walking stick. “I hud it | q'Ji‘hi r tiiuu a lazy luau.
built to order. Fbe ha as you U1	— no '1<M* in booke 00 ”
mi, <?rve, is peculiarly knotty, bat it» dis- n f,,r two agree.
One great trouble ih, there an- too many
“smart Alecs” in the world.
Old people are always remembering some good thing tin-y read long ago. When ni» old widower gets married, hi
F mm

“Ti II Captain Crawford to comp here ut once,” «nid the general.
The orderly saluted and rode quickly away. The general sat Mill lu his saddle sternly silent, waiting. In less than live minutes Captain Crawford rode up and saluted In» com mander.
“Captain CTuwfoid," said the general slowly, “you will take No. 10 battery and proceed at once to Zerbugge's hollow. You will direct your fire against yonder farmhouse, and you will not retire until the battery there baa been silenced."
The captain looked at bis commander. The commander looked at his captain. Colonel Neel looked straight into his
soul.
pirn
grows morn Weep, m the wive* turns gray, h murmur low of #lo»p.
A mi tie murrain* the calm sir doth steep prom lily belli ami lilac plumes that sway, While lovesick dews th« ir pearly teardrops weep,
At wt of day.
Ttie lowing kine pass on their homeward way Through quint Helds and lines where hetlgeblnli cheep ;
Uy Wrt sings songs iny lips could never say
At morn or nuoti, but, ah, strange pulses leap. And Love has many a passionate tsayer to pray
At met of day.
—Constaac* Kartnar in Ckambirs' Journal.
the dark Id
At
The opal h>ai And the tight I
Women and the New Era—Cstllsg the Hal
Men f—The Lnieheos Ta hi en as llramiiliet*.
The Viscountess Maitland In one of the artistic beauties of English society, belonging to the set that includes the Mar ehloness of Granby, Lady T'oynter and others who make friends of the great art infs nud arc more or less skillful with their own brushes and colors Maitland is n slim, blond young Scotch the daughter of a judge, and by ucrying tin* youug viscount she entered famous Lauderdale fatally, than which there is none better known In Great Britain.
On the death of ber father-in-law her husband becomes the fourteenth earl of Lauderdale, and her home is in the historic and beautiful Thlrlstane castle.
Do tYoaien Admire l’*ly
Worn*
tiuvtivu feature 1» this huge pointed ferrule, which was made iu u blacksmith «hop ou the next block. l>id 1 have uuy particular purpose in view? Why, certainly I bad. Thi cane was const ted
for use as a collision buffer a ml has prov* always goes around dressed up roi cd a most uuquuJitied success.
"You are familiar, I dare way, with the special type of idiot who comes
pi 1 imping down the sidewalk with Ills meet 1 'll they hav» <*
head twisted arouad looking at something A man who can wear a < out and vest er tii.* top of hi boulders, and you buttoned up tight on a hot day evidently knew, of	that	be Invariably	rail	hasn’t	much	else to do.
1 a to you. It mikes	no difference	how	I lie	a	it *	that stick	'lightest in	tha
frantically you try to avoid him; you may shells are generally spoiled, jump 11 nd sluilgc* a ml do your level	to	VVV	all	timk everybody	else	is e;uiJj
hunt cover, but your	efforts art	11 in	duped.
-.¦mi. Tii,- Idiot bears dawn on you by
some mysterious gravitation,
xt thing you know he has smashed page of the same paper first thing on «gainst your diaphragm with a conçus- Monday,
sion that leave# the print of your vest People will say that they have just buttons on the inner surface of your learned enough to know that they do not
Then he looks around with know anything, but they always qualify
it by saying that la a good deal.
I didn’t There are a great many awfully dun* fv liars.
awhile.
Memtw/s of the same church make it a point to shake hands every time they
Lady
Ike
woman
*o*o*oKo%o*.o*%o*o*o*o*o*o*
o	2
};<
Crawford went white to the lips.
"Is is this absolutely necessary?" ho stammered weakly.
"Necessary? Of course it is!" roared the general. "Am 1 in the habit of issuin'.: orders which are otherwise? Are you a coward, sir? Are"—
He finished his furious tirade to the vmpix air, for in the midst of it the cap tain had put spurs to his horse and rid den off.
In an incredibly short space of time the battery, with Crawford at its head, was racing across the zone of fire in the direction of Zerbugge’s hollow. From his position on the eminence the general watched them dismount, un limber and go into action; then lie turned his horse's head and went hack to the camp.
Meanwhile a tragedy was being enacted the like uf which was never heard of before in the harrowin': history of mod era warfare. The moment Crawford's guns began to spit 1- hitherto silent pieces from the enemy’s battery opened their brazen mouths. The explanation of this was that, the range being shorter, the Boers were able to bring the whole of their guns ini'» play.
The havoc was fearful. Within a quarter of an hour every horse belonging to No. 10 battery was either dead or dying, and the guns were being charged and run up by hand, in that vortex of fire and blood all order was forgotten.
Their instructions were to loud and fire, and they did lb.it well, many dying in | ago
the doing slipping down by t ho iron anoint Meet eh family that ike head* e. shod wheels to he uianglxd sud crushed the house have always married Scotch beneath them as tin» gun was returned women aud that of the 13 portrait* of for discharge. It was sickening,	ap	the couuteiisvs of Lauderdale which hang
pulling, aid for live mortal	hours	it	was	in Thii Istnr.e castle not one but is con-
kept up until from the Boer battery spicuou«ly lovely. When the present there came no answering	shot.	Their !	heir of the earldom chose Miss Gxveudu
mission was fulfilled; the	guns	of	the	Hue Lucy Williams to- his wife
enemy were silent.	; showed that he was a no less eye, lient
But w hut a fearful price had been 1. judge of feminine beauty than his an-paid! The slain lay literally In heaps, curled up in postures curiously grotesque, showing how, by the inter|>osition of the “fell hand mercifully staid.
At the order “Cense firing!" considerably less than a score of men—all that were left of the hundred odd who had the gun's complement—dragged eary limbs across the veldt in the dTrectmo of the English camp.
MeanwhiJe the general, accompanied by several members of his stuff, made his way toward the enemy’s dismantled po* a sit ion. The place was a perfect wreck „ and was burning In many places, while around and beneath the dismantled guns , , , the bodies were piled up in heaps, liter
. .....	-t1 «»•*"• “780lf 1 k,10W all; breast high,
plain ( *rn wford bet terbium mix min ^|,>wly the little hand wended their •sent. Our paths have ftrwi togeiucr wa^ ju and out among the heaps of dead years. In fact, we were in the same dying, pausing every now and then
<s in school.”	to administer xvnter or a plug of t'd»i. ?co
.le did not add Bint n hitter enmity ^ ^ who»au*g#?or these thing*», d existed between them since tha’ qq)P jntorjor 0fThe Maln building pro ne, the origin of which had been the sent(k<] n	0f awful devastation.
Hashing of Neel by Crawford on i Shells had evidently exploded in the very mo? of the former’s brutal treatment of ro()T1JH
small boy. Nor did lie speak of the 8mas|,j„g the woodwork into splinters.
Ximulus that feeling had received some qQ0 port ion. hoxvever. by one of those years later when Crawford had superset!- Grange freaks of chance which are coned him in the affections of a certain |jnUM||y occurring in warfare, remained maiden of exceptional loveliness and pnM.ti(.n||y intact.
charm; but, though lie spoke not of these p wag getting dusk, and ns they ap things, the circumstances of the moment promq1(,d it was 8(.en that a light was had xvbetted his memory, and he gnawed burning there. The general went first, viciously at the amber mouthpiece of Ins an(1 aftPr |,jm came the others. Included
pipe.	, among the number was Colonel Neel.
*"Ob. by the way," broke in young Gal- The Rjgbt that met their g A, ly innocently, ‘‘he married one of these whjvh that dicer's conscient - ter women, didn’t he—a regular ‘stun- jowed to forget.
2er fnr	I was told, and quite an	ttjgbt they had observed emanated
heireas in a email way ?’	froni a dirty p|*ce of tallow candle plac-
“Your information is Correct, frphed	thm UCvât of a bottle, but it »as
Neel between hie teeth. “Captain l raw tuipjy g,,thcivnt to reveal the Interior in ford's main interests arc now on the side p -||s ?jvjd ^astiiness. The room had of the enemy. This beiug so, I should imagine it would be as well to keep an eye on him."
It xv ns like putting a match to powder.
The men were on their feet, muttering.
"Hang it all, Neel!" burst out the gen ‘This Is too much! I’ve a good
31
? THE VINDICATION
o
A
sr
OP CRAWFORD, £
o
*
t
Some in< 11 will not buy a Sunday pu nef Sunday, but will read the sporting
o
%

2. A TRAOIO STORY OF WAR. 5
O	O
IfoUOêioHOêtoHo’A^oàioWoliOeeoaio^
1

The indi'. iilual hair reaches a Vf ter years it fulls out
The officers’ tent was full of gentlemen In khaki, lounging about in all (11 rev lions and in every conceivable attitude suggestive of well bred indolence, liven that rigid disciplinarian, General Contlii. seemed to have unbent a lit lie. lie stood with crossed legs, his arms around the central pole, smoking placidly, h young Lieutenant Gaily who wa
bark bon*
an expression of innocent surprise “ ‘Kruse me.’ lie says blandly notice where I was going.'
"I suffered greatly from that brand of monster before I Invented my cane,” continued the Front street man. "hut now there is nothing I enjoy more than an
My tactU .< 1 e simple. V en


I
Great C’a fell

I
li
/
Do Women \<lnilr«> I u*> Men f
In u "confession’ hook which is owned 1 see the idiot rushing down on me, vxith
his brad screwed around as usual, 1 stop
encounter
/
/
was
speaking, lie was relating a stirring at count of how Captain Crawford, one of their number, who was at the moment absent, had captured a Iloer battery earlier m the day.
It may have been the fact that indeed had been one of exceptional dating or perhaps because the officer in que* tion was such a universal favorite, or, mere probable still, a combination of both. At any rate, Gaily’* enthusiasm became infectious, and three stentorian cheers went up for Captain Crawford. In which every man present joined—save
h
/
/
by the handsome and accomplished queen of Portugal (>L0 of the question» asked stock stilt clutch my earn* hrmly under women admitc ugly ii:«*hV'* The my right arm, point out, brace myself on f Russia answered this as fol- my feet and befin to read u letter or
Yes. I believe that some women ] newspaper. I nev.-r i
hut my po itiorti for I know full well
that no power on earth can prevent the
if
s

:

empress <
Iowa
admire ugly men when handsome ones
are oat of their rest h.”
Queen Margheritu of Italy gave the idiot from Umdm«r aquart un the mark.
\ mot ii of exqnitrite1 ftïticipatlon en-and then I have him. As a rule
z/z

ray eyes or
rjfi

{
h

Ù
\

From 1Ô to «”0 a
iffl
fi
following witty reply
woman loves a handsome man; from BO	_ .
to 50 she admires a handsome man, and ,l«» impales h'mselt a trifle mut I, of the
after 50 she worships a man in any shape equator, and when he h-ds the prod •*
( .. fo|.m i.	the ferruh he emits u series of agonized
' 1 Vi press Homy of Itittenbrrg «-role: hellewK. whirb nr- «weet mu,le to my “User ugly men nr» very lovable, un- Mr». For some little time be m urn,bio d.ubledly- but, tbeei, so are ,„ay band '• «peak rlasps 'us aM«Bfn with
However, 'bamlaome is as »»tb baails. moan mg. 1 hen get in my
SiM work, i am really delighted, but 1
he very angry
u
sirs
a
%

i

-¦

%
-ft-
ViSCOVNTlse MAITLAND
one
He
The exception was Coleerl Neel stood apart with folded arms and a look on his narrow countenance that, to say the least of it. was decidedly impious* «ut. The circumstance of hit subordinate’s fcilence was soon apparent to the lynx ejid general, lie turned on Neel with n ‘ <timct frown of displeasure.
4,I hr \” he began, in u cuiti g tone, "(Awf ,L .o h - ' 1	- ctboda of showing
eur appreclatlou v. k|Bant action arc nçt distaateful to you •Keel's lips curled, and the ends of his waxed mustache took a downward trend.
"Not at all,” Im an id mind the man only did his simple duty. Any one of ns would have done the an me, given • little cliaace.’’
“You do not doubt Ida courage?”
“Yes* In one sense 1 certainly do. I’ve onrtlculnr admiration for this flash in the pan business.”
“But look Ht Ids record,
I know—a seiies of mad
built by the La ni erd ales six centurie» It is eae ef the preii beasts of this
Vf
y '
%
1
J
)
some tuen
handsome does,' ami a good looking uian with only his good leaks to fall back pretead t
ScriSw £ïï 5: ara&s'.zza-       **
ously.
“ ‘Sense me!’ he gasps
y
I growl at

i
COry
he

Her
Should say she d’d
"Umph
husbiri libs nix doah to dr bb'ges’ nnnliry farm in dr hull state."
man
ings Ih the nan with a Ticket y reputation/ sneering at the woman who is not exactly comme il faut."
It is well known that the Princess of Wales admires "modest) than any other quality.
smart little anecdote bearing out this scheme, <:i	_
statement is now told for the first time, take	for > »» Vîll“
and it can he relied upon as being per feetly true: The Princess of Wales, at of the Sandringham garden pat ties, was talking, in Iter usual sweetly utiaf-f tv ted manner, to a very quiet, demure senger tniy looking, almost insignificant middle aged A friend, or, rather, an acquaintance, of the princess’ happened to come the baby blue necktie 1 ordered for along at the time and was introduced. | Ethel, and I presume he has sent her	«1 e*. sir, sa.d 1 •* s-d l™klne man.
After a lew commonplace observations my imw suit of clothes. I must explain “I om oue of the few py^C- who can teU
I hope your royal , to her at once, or jshv'll thinly it’s the. with accuracy how stock market wii.
latest fa sinon and c»t the Mi^et g>. with them
restore.
The viscountess is famous f**r her abun dant suit of blond hair, and, having been ired of her undoubted likeness to thr good Queen Eleanor, she has bad her portrait painted in a gorgeous velvet gown of the twelfth century mode and in her blond hair a wonderful pearl diadem, such as Edward's faithful consort wore.
•1 didn't notice
“Hut to my
From « Modern Mother*» Dlnry
r
where 1 was going.
“I wave him haughtily aside and pass on. chuckling in my sleevt
their writhing» had been
II ft. " I» TIN Sf.n Clifford, and again it was borne in upon unfit I am to be a mother.
Today I had
uss
Hint, briefly
in a man more The following is the modus operandi.
a great scheme
It’s a great 1 wouldn't
me h<
For I had
and administer nnæst belies of the moral effect of the whipping war
w ait for a doctor to come
1’hus much
f”
no

lost
se myself in that 1 have not id minister amvsthet-ichcd I am to-
Worn an anil the New Era
Now 1 n<
long ago learned t les myself. And ho-night.
One of Thome Prompt Girl».
Jack —My goodness! King for a m-•fl-
oue
"Yes. yes - "s-nothing sustained; no test at all
Through the centuries, rich in treasures of all kinds, has floated down to us legend which gives to the character of Jesus an aspect accordant with the times in which we live. Among the ancient Brahmans it was believed and taught that at least ouce in each thousand years God manifested himself in human form and prescribed n chart for the future government of the world. The legend goes that on a certain occasion when Jesus went into the mountains to pray he was accosted by one who had known him at a period of a previous incarnation.
“Master," said the stranger, "when I served thee centuries ago, you appeared in the form of a woman. How comes it now that you are here as a man?" Jesus answered
hut times are changed. The earth trembles with the tread of armies; violence and lust are rampant; women are enslaved; children are daily being sold to merciless masters. There are hut two classes now—the oppressor and the oppressed. The bands of a woman are too delicate to wage battle with the might an i power which seem everywhere en-thzoned. Her voice is too weak for the angry discussions which must take place. Her feet are too tender to march on the rough and stony roads over which a combatant must pass. When I have inaugurated my kingdom and broken down the •tone walls of prejudice that now exist, when equal rights are measurably recognized, when the love of peace acquires a foothold in the understanding of men and liberty becomes more than a name, when beauty and virtue are honored for their Hakes and knowledge is made to
*1» 1*1
d "
George—What's up ?
Jack—That stupid tailor has sent me
knot of listeners gaped. The ited his heavy brows, re sweeping assertions, Neel
man
Sure
the trio broke up highness will pardon what I am going to " remarked the princess' acquaint-"out, really, that gentleman you
“How do yeiKnaungo it ?"
"Easily. I g« t interested in a stork and
Tlicn I ran sit down
say
ano
have just introduced me to is awfully milk and watery.
have the courage to win a woman's | the platitudinous gentleman
"Oh, indeed !" quietly replied he
As to Philosophy.	put up my mon
-hi alwavs ha* reason,” observed and feel morally certain that it will go
the other uay."-Washington Star.
1 don’t think he would
T
1'rue enough, hut there are always
Well, Captain-----might not several reasons offered for wrong
mented tin- u 1 te man.
Thus we see that philosophy can think party last night at a mark for a considerable time and s have no noticeable effect on the mark
heart.”
% C’lillim ry trtint.
-I was at Bjones' chafing dish He'» not much of a
coin
pi mcess
have the courage to w in a woman’s lirai t; but, all the same, he has had the courage to win the Victoria cross!"
blowing (lie windows eut and
Mt
"What thou sayest is true
!
cress as a
Huggins—Oh, I don't know! I've heard that when he gets home it 3 a. m. and his wife is waiting up for him he can cook up a storv (liât would make you# " said the woman lawyer hair curl.—Philadelphia Record.
I challenge this juror, A I-
The Luncheon Table
For any luncheon, however elaborate or however simple, one begins to set the table in the same way, says Harper's Bazar. There must always he flowers or fruits or sometimes both in the middle of the table
the season. The flowers may be arranged in a fishbowl well to say that there are very few things move charming and effective for flowers on a table than one of these They take up and reflect the
1
In I he Coming; A«e
‘Your honor
deferentially pheus Cook, for cause.”
"Cook,” sternly spoke the woman judge. "It is useless to urge me. Mr. Cal
"you are discharged."	kia," said the Boston girl, firmly,
And there were whole generations of with Infinite sadness. "I am not insens, delayed vengeance in the gleam of the ble to the many good qualities you pus-court's eye as she said it.—Chicago Trib-
Fntsl Incompatibility
<
i’hese differ naturally with
was one
t
never al
And just here it may be
svsk, but I feci I could oevi-r love a man
who accents ‘demoniacal’ on the second and penultimate syllables."—-Chicago Tribune.
r
une
i
howls.
light in the must fascinating way and show the stems of the flowers. Oue other point to recommend them lies in the fact of their being low enough not to Interrupt
Ibe gazv across the table. At many o'Batcb-Oh, well, I s'pose after ¦ fel-large luncheons it is impossible to ex- ^ |ias ^tM.n married awhile he gets so change a word with one s opposite neighbor because of the high flowers between.
Many persons use silver oil the table for flowers, but men with very esthetic
b-wMlll'cd1’ witV''mulîpiTkavM,1 enverra	“IÎÇ wore hi* evening clothe, a t break-	<;«ll*n,ry.
with dew makes a charming study in fast!’ exclaimed one woman.	She-At least you will credit me. Mr.
color and in country houses it is often	“Yes,” answered the other. "I can t Sixcan, with having an eye for beauty.
use(i Silver vases and pitchers for flow- make up my mind whether lie is from He (desirous of saying something highers 'tpDear on moat of the fashionable ta-j Chicago or whether he's one of the New- \y complimentary)-Indeed 1 do. Misa Ide# although lovers of the beautiful in- port fashionables trying to do something Claire. I don't wonder you spend so si«t on crystal, fine pieces of Venetian dashing and original."—Washington Star, much of your time in froht of the looking glass or even on quaint bits of pottery for	glass.—Chicago Tribun*,
their flowers.
People with little to choose from, therefore, need not bemoan a fate which coin- “can arrest the flight of time.	He—Do you really think her heart wai
pels'them to use glass and not silver. A “No’" query ingly interrupted a by- broken when he jilted her. as she so load-fishbowl is preferred by some people who slander. “I thought anybody could stop \y proclaimed? I noticed she married in have plenty of silver to choose from, j n minute." And even the disciples of the it,ss than a Ten cent vases, holding ferns and wild groat philosopher we*-** ''"'•ed to smile be-
flowera, are < I n by some women in the hind their togas country rich enough to have anything they want, but preferring the simplicities and the appropriate at all costs.
Still InconvIncH.
Benedick—It is sad that most of the people who commit suicide are uuinar-How ore you going to get around
evidently been used ns a storage place for coal, for a lump of that commodity lay in one coruvr. Over part of this a white sheet bad been spread, whereon lay the bodies of a woman and a small child, both horribly mutilated and blackened almost heyond recognition.
Last c all. sitting huddled up in a far with his face toward the dead,
A Ma‘nr of Form.
"The modern society girl’s wardrobe,"
said i he "M lady
gant thing. Now, Miss I’adden, for instance, is an example.”
“It is n sort of example," replied her niece. "It cert*JC- l's* all sorts of figures in it."-
lied
- I
is the most extra va-
lu* cnn put un wî*h almost anything.-
t
own
abound everywhere, when delicacy of feeling shall have measurably supplanted force and brutality and a common interest envelops all as the sky covers all, then I will come again as a woman and brood over the world with a warmth of love that will make all feel that I am here. Of course the time may be distant, the difficulties great, the suffering which attends education intense; but, then, you know tbat sorrow the lamp that illuminates life
era I mind”—
Whnt he would hove said or what would have transpired in cunsqeuencc it Is impossible to say, for at that moment an interruption came. There was an ear splitting roar, followed by a terrific -ush of displaced air. which nearly •recked the tent. Lieutenant Gaily ipped his band to his ear. with a rue-
A fragment of steel had
In Doubt
corner was the figure of a man.
“Stand forward there!” commanded
“Who are you? And who

the general
are these?"
The man sepped out and saluted. Sweat
and powder had effectually concealed his Identity. His clothes hung about him in tatters, and from an ugly gash above his right eye the blood was streaming down. He indicated the two ghastly corpses with a grimy hand.
“General,” he said, “my wife and child. I am Captain Crawford!"—Exchange.
ü
1 grimace
gin ,) that organ, and the blood was pou ing down. Next moment the general's voice bellowed an order, and the lien rushed from the tent pellmell.
I certainly will come, and herself will be the first to recog the signs by which that coming will
Soeml**» Tripped.
‘No one,” gravely amounted Socrates,
woman nize b** heralded.”
Arc the signs of any of them visible? In what century of the Christian era has woman been so thoroughly equipped for God's service as she is today. She is the prop of the church, the head of the home, the hope of the state. Every field is open or opening for her entrance. The pulpit, the rostrum, the forum, are at her command. The bars which excluded her from office have been removed, the franchise has been placed at her band professions half her appearance: the state stands awaiting her orders. Whnt does she intend to do? Whnt Is she willing that others shall do?—James B. Bel ford.
Repnlred
“Neel, those devils will have to be driven out.” said the general impatiently.
"Quite so. But how?”
The two men reined in their horses on a piece of rising ground, from which an excellent view of the surrounding couo try could he obtained. The general slap ped his riding breeches with the gaODt- |1J(]k.ate lets he carried ip his hand.	Thu8 a 8Uia|| hush hanging root up..	.v
bis eyci there gleamed a startled look of	jiveH there, who will hire horses
SœMÆ HEEHsfHE
not live to at)limber, much more «Hence	householder mU8t turn oui, armed
“What a question to ask a soldier!” he Gvr"" M!1 * Ms* '
“Of course I would or anywhere
else If necessary. By the way, though,”	.
be added, “this ought to be a good oppor- Mudge-Yon see, a fellow I n*™r Bi trinity for your brave Captain Craw- before called me a liqf, and I «aid he
fonl ••	didn't Provo n T	lick him.
The gnrtaral frowned and piled hia Yabsley-Aa gloves with eftn more rapidity and force Mudgi*- Er-
tiion hitheruv ST	“Jr r
“We’ll setfjf that question ince and foi hiia^

rear.
She—True enough. Rut look whom *be married—a glue manufacturer.—Indian a noils Free*.
Slant In Northern Rowel».
From the gable often bungs some sign of the occupation of the owner, and some of the curious signs seem at first to have but little connection with the trudts they
Quite Singular.
Gupta in John Randolph brings to this office a ootato weighing two pounds. He
Had It Bmdlv.
A teacher defined conscience as “some-rn aw Dcnmatiwiw.	frankly confe t it was the !	in	t),jn^	within you that	tells	you you have
Alice Ives, the author of “The	Village :	'-he patch. This ia unusual. Moat people	do„e	wrong."
Postmaster ” in an article in Frank	Les-	who bring vegetables to th’s office say	*.j jt once,” spoke up	a young tow-
|le*8 Popular Monthly says:	they left the larger specimens at home.-	bend	of 0 summeis,	“but	they had to
“Is play writing a good field for women? Atchison Globe Yes. just as good as it is for men if they willing after the play is written to work about ten times as hard as a mao to get it accepted. There will be line demurs at this statement, but the woman who has been through the mill with her eyes open will agree with me.
Here are some of the reasons: The managerial field is entirely monopolized by men. All the capital at present In use for producing plays is controlled by |
Most managers have more confidence in a play written by a man than in one by a woman. Why? Because up to the last
could count on the fingers
1
Worn
All
send for the doctor.”—San Francisco Ex-
aminer,
i
Olewtlal Etiquette.
“The Chim se ore said to be models of polite conduct.”
“Yes; they would rather kill the mis- night, my dear’ simon ies than hurt their feelings by tell ing them to leave the country.”—Chicago know; I had no guidebook.—Ohio Stati
Journal
are
Comn
Catting the Hair.
Does cutting promote the growth of the hair? This question is answered by the Frankfurter Woclienblatt in this wise: “It is believed by laymen and professions I hairdressers that cutting largely increases the growth of the hair belief begins with the Involuntary com-I •( the hair with a plant. As that Is often cut short grows again
Mrs. Hibbits—Where were you las'
mascu-
Really, my love, I don’t
Mr. Hibhit
Record
This
Ought to Be Anyhow
Her Wry.
“Is Georgiana a sympathizing friend ?”
“Well, when she praises anything 1 and Kisses” is a tragedy or a comedy wear sin*	makes
feel that everything 1 usually wear is the kisses, it’s a tragedy.—New York simply hideous.”—Indianapolis Jount&l

Bildad— 1 wonder if "Bread and Cheese
men.
parison grass
and becomes thicker, so, it Is believed, the hair should do when It Is cut. This comparison, however, is a false one. A developed hair is a perfectly formed mass of horn which has nothing farther to do with the case in which the hair rests than to receive from it from below further growth and to be held firmly by it • • • Id this mass of bom, as in the nails of (be fingers and the toes, there la no longer any sap la circulation. This hubs, BO to speak, la a product which one reason
«•annot be quickened and strengthened by tiled even to read the manuscript.
„ îïü's; „"E	.....
Ondgrin— If the cheese comes befon
me
Praaa.
ten years you of one hand all the successful women
dramatists who ever lived. The female play writer, compared to the male, was
about 1 In 10,000.
“Pioneers in any field always have a rongh time. Playwriting Is comparatively a new art for woman. Her successes In this line having been so Infrequent is
why the manager has hesi-
The Good Natnred Man.
“Why doesn’t Hi indie take his vac* tion ?”
“He can’t He’s too busy lending hif new valise.”—Cleveland Plain Des 1er.
On the Until t» of llunhnnds.
“I always telephone John when we have company, so he’ll be prepared.’’
“Goodness! If 1 telephoned William he’d stay down town.”—Chicago Record.
f
a d
Provision For the Future.
Mrs. Bonney—Six motherless children yon may? And can't you find work?
Tramp—Oh, they’re not old enough fei that /«“* ¦ue’am.—Brooklyn Lit*
Departed.
Flippelgh—I notice that your hair has mysteriously disappeared.
Buldeigh—Yes; it has gone to part» un-
prove It?
did aa far as con-
hat I would lick
some
new
X

J

f
###PAGE###8###
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (S)

¦f*§







' '




‘ >r
l
\
\

' 2
:• "i'


<v



a
Boots,
Rubbers,
Winter Trade.

U KNOW U
WANT A FALL SUIT.
Moccasins,
Overshoes aqd Felt Goods.
Elections are over and now people realize that winter is almost oq.
Why wait until the rush is on ? See our new Fall Suitings. They are the latest out, and we give them a finishing touch that cannot help but please.
Place your fall order now with us.
We are now ready with a new, full and well assorted stock of fall and winter Footwear, which we will sell at the lowest possible price. Call and inspect before you buy elsewhere.
WOOLLENS and FURS are real necessities.
We have a select stock of Men’s Cloth and Knitted Top I Shirts.
I Ribbed and Fleece Lined Underwear.
| Egan ville Mill’s all Wool White Blankets.
Horse Blankets and Linings
Men’s Fur Coats, Ladies’ As-trachan Jackets, Men’s Fur Caps, Ladies’ Gauntlets, (black and grey), Double and Twisted Yarns, Kerseys, Canadian Tweeds, &c., &c.
A. R. McGUIRE,
TU.
THE TAILOR.
9
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAWVILLE, - - - QUE.
LOCAL NEWS.
TO THE ...
INDEPENDENT ELECTORS
OF THE
COUNTY OF PONTIAC.
(
A terrible accident occurred at Lanark on Wednesday afternoon of last week, which resulted in the instantaneous death of little Leonard Pye, the eight year old son of Mr. das. Pye. George Richard* son, aged about 18 years, was going ouf to hunt, aud while in the French Hill
section iieuirt a number of boys return-1 Gentlemen :—Quite unexpectedly and very iinconstitution-
: I ins gun, which was picked up by a young a,Iy~as we h'arn lroiii the Hon. Mr. r lynn 8 splendid mam-v.2t lA.d named skiffington, about eight years festo—the Provincial Elections have been sprung on us, and
" »	ÎT5	WeWtog to tho wish of true and loyal friends, who nothing
8 V 1 i.conard Pye, and causing instant death. ! daunted, despite mv recent defeat, and having resolved to
I! SI Kt±3	stake "»* Political cwdil on my sneenss, I have consented
$.0$ broken, »nd he wm beyond earthly aid. j°nce more to come to the front for active service. This rc-« ,T:“ Tho rcfxtrt of tha accident w« a great newed jiroof of confidence should make the coldest heart
;; 7.1# I which ha« foumi vxprvsaktn in practical |tlirob with pride, so I long all the more for victory, not more
«44 Wil.VK, 'R felt for the family su sudden and I for Illy OWll sake than for their’s.
6.S91 so sorely afflicted.	|	,	....
Gentlemen, many of you are aware of tne unfair means Fourth Annual Report of the Lily ! use(i against me in the late contest. Will you permit a re-
Cheose Factory.	j currence of such tactics ? 1 011I) ask for British fair play in
To the Shareholders :	|a f?ir fieI(b That boon it is in your power to give, and I am
} our directors have much pleasure in j QnitO confident VOU Will 1101 withhold it. presenting this report of the season’s bus- YOU kllOW IHV politics—I need UOt enlarge Oil them : but I
with a few exceptions have been loyal t. PiaJ say m> Chief aim (if successful) SUitll 1)0 tO promote tllO
the factory and have given their milk the interests of the county and to develop her resources, whether
* The routions existing between the dir- ju woods> iu t,ie lnine ov on the farm ; a nd with this end
ectors, chee.semaker, drawers and patrons ill VÎ0W 1 shall Support all good 11160SlireS, irrespective of have been cordial, and harmony has pre- partV	*
vailed through the Hoason. It is a great *4 ^ '
satisfaction to us to have such a favorable Electors : do you wish to be represented in both Legisla-
1 CompariugThé «mount of milk received tur®s b)r aliens -	Have you considered	the fact that by	such !
this season with last we find that there % choice you are	reflecting discredit on	yourselves and	your
|" hTnoiwôStÿ “F^ur confiden^rMy gilt's mS We. =an .do your gristing and give ...
Considering the decrease in milk we ents are few, but	such us they are I place them at the service I	satisfaction	in	leturns,	ana	flour	which	wi
ïïï	of the county.	.	|	enable	you to	carry off prizes in	bread	comp
Our cheese hag rated finest quality and As the time is very short, my friends will readily under tition at * *>) county fair every time.
sun through.	stand that it will be impossible for me to see them all before	We can	«tall rrnn at- 1 nnrae*	tv*,,,.
There ims been	considerable	expense	polling day. I can therefore only hope that they will inter	_ _ ^	0W6ST prices	Flour,	Ora
,T	est themselves in having our organization made perfect in	«Sals, Bran, Shorts and	Peed.
pense account amounts to $203.65. Our their respective localities, and that every effort will be put ' ** hll stock always on hand. ?hTm^togTtŒnilt0of7c1K,aadt f?rth have a11 our fiends early at the polls on the 7th of
eocts., amount» to *578.57. After de-1 December.
, And. n,0W- m«krne% I ask you in your own interest and allowed a dividend of t> per cent on that of the county to use all your influence to elect stock invested. R«^tfuny^ubmittoi. from y0Ur midst to represent you at Quebec, and hold old
James Wilson!^ ' Bontiac free from entire outside representation.
St. McDowell.	1 have the honfr to be.gentlemen,
e. t. Brownlee.	Your obedient servant,
Davis Hodgins.
Pontiac Pacific Jmcti Ef.
)
c>
o
Official Time Table :
AM
5.46 Leave
Aylmer tBreekenrldge t'Kardley Parker s Crossing t Mohrs Quyon Wyman's trank Bristol McKee’s Bhawville Clark’s
Campbell's Bay ?Tank t'Vinton Cou longe * Mellon’s Waltham
•Flag Station. tTank. VFlag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
Arrive P it
6 OU
ee
«.12
it
«16
«.26
ii
• i
«..IT
ii
«I
8.40
6.47
it
i «
#.56
41
#.58
II
7.04
ii
7.26
h
7.46
ii
8.06
41
7.18
I 4
8.08
«I
8.12
4»
8.30
ii
it
8.47
ii
11

,r
8.56 Arrive
Iicave e.ti)
«IT
E. HODCINS & SON
P. w. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
t
OÏÏTOA GATINEAU ÎÏ
Farmers !
Fall and winter Time Table
Taking effect Nov. 26, lbOO
We can pay you highest market price (in for your wheat any time you fetch it alo
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa
. .4.00 p ro 10 25 a m
NoE.-2 »od 2 daily except Sunday.
P. W. HKS.8EMAN.
V _ Geii’l àup't.
KAMI!
1
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING Cl
JAS. GRAHAM
a man
On and after Oct. 14th and until further advised train service will be as follows :
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
a 6.IC A. M. - Local—Stops at all intermediate stations. Arrises Montreal 9.50 a. m. Rockland Bianch, Ha<*. Keebury Branch, Valley field, connects at Coteau Junction, for Cornwall and points west;
«9,0© A.M , Limited, arrives Montreal 11 20 a.m.. making close connections with I. C. Ry. Maritime Express for Quebec, Halifax, and all intermediate
points east. Pullman Parlor Car attached.	( REPORT OF SECRETARY OF THE LILY < HEE8E
' 8.00 A.M. Sundays only—Stops at intermediate stations. Arrives Montreal 11.00 a.m: Pullman FACTORY FOR THE SEASON OF 1900.
"Püseü I3HE: # IsZSS, es::: :z
.ng cur, Ottawa to New \oik.	ii i v *	!" Auditors, funeral took place on Tuesday to the old ^ «'illey on Sunday.
"Si-Æ Shaw ville, Nov. 28tM9(lo. ’	lie cemete,y and was	her!uA S.iiSftoL? Belchburg’ is
Junction fur Corn wall, Kingston, Toronto. Chicago	ed-	.	nere on a \ 1811 to Inends.
Quite a little stir as regards politics. Uur school teacher. Miss Black, who
Sans Ceremonie. I das ^)een on the sick list,
around again.
Why don’t more of you Quebec boys come up to this country as the Ontario girls seem to prefer the Quebec boys to
MMNmi^^jmmU^NNUMaster dames Lu mm is spent Saturday Ito their own ; but remember, doors gie Thompson; 5, Jennie Russell; 6, I and Sunday with his parents.	closed here before 11.30.	I
Eliza Orr. Grade III. —1, Bertie Mor-	A slight mistake was made about the Messrs. XV. Kinney, E. Payton, and
ris; 2, Maggie Glenn; .3, Maggie Wil- Christmas social. It will beheld in St. d. Montague, have returned home from son; 4, Willie Russell; 5, Ernest Bal- Stephen s church hall Christmas Eve, “ Whiskey l^ake. iantync; (), Harry McLaren. Grade on .Monday, Dec. 24th.	Mr. Sam. McDowell is erecting a new
II.—1, Joseph Russell; 2, Louisa Mr. Geo. dudd brought his sister, Miss 8ta*>le and granary.
Dean; 3, Nellie Murray. Primer II. Ella, up from the shanty on Saturday. Mr. D. M. Brodie returned home Sun—1, Arnold McLeod; 2, Alex Campbell; She has not been feeling well for some day from Sudbury hospital.
3, Mary Black ; 4, Mary Wilson, Pri- time past. If sho does not improve she Me are having a very early winter, mer L—1, Percy Hughes; 2, Douglas will not return with her brother on Wed- j And have a foot and a half of snow al-McCredie; 3, Percy Ballantync.	nes-l iy.
Spelling match.—1, Annie Mcdanet. Mrs. W. Bradley has gone to cook for F. W. H. Armstrong, Teacher, her husband, who has undertaken a con_____________e______	j tract of log-entting.
The Ladies Aid was held at the
E.
J


Furniture Dealer 2nd Undertaker...

/
“ Shawville, Nov. 28th, 1900.
GERALD H. BRABAZON.

Portal; k in* Fort, November 20, 1900.
SUCCESSOR TO
CUTHBERTS0N, GRAHAM Sc ELLIOTT.
Main Street ¦ (Opposite G. F. Hodgins') - Shawville.
a

• ——
/
A first-class stock of Furniture of all kinds now on hand, including some special bargains in Lounges and Parlor Suites.
UNDERTAKING CALLS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
etc.

HONOR ROLL.
is able to be
Trains arrive at Ottawa General Depot ;
all.10 P.M. Loral-from Boston, New York, New England and Montreal at 0.5V a. m. Has Pullman Parlor Car attached.
æ “ s «we | "tires Ksssrws:


|<
Bristol Corners, No. 1.
GREERMOUNT.
ui
Stray Cow.
LooK out for

are
9.05 P. M. Local—From Montreal, and intermediate points, Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, and pointa west, Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving Montreal at 5.60, p. m.
® 6.35 P; M. Limited—From Montreal leaving at 4.10 p.m: Has Pullman Parlor Car.
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
8 15 A. M. For Arnprior, Renfrew. Eganville, Pembroke, Barry’s Bay, Whitney. Canoe Lake, Pain ! Sound and intermediate points.	I
4.40 P. M. For Arnprior, Renfrew, Eganville, Pembroke, Madawaska and intermediate stations.
Strayed on to my premises about 5tb November, a red and white cow. Ownei
may have the same
BARGAINS

expenses.
SMILEY,
Hadford P. 0.
IN MILLINERY
All through the Season.
As my stock is large and well selected I am able to suit all customers in style and price, and I know it will be to your advantage to call before
nr
ta
I
I Bristol Wharf
ready.
A Settler.
you
purchase elsewhere.	a
---o----
Thanking the ladies of Shawville and rounding country for their past favors.
FERRY
The subsidy of $260,000 of provincial e1 v par money obtained by the Quebec Bridge aonage on Thursday. Although the Company indicate» that its president is a
Mr. Arthur Queale went to Shawville weAther w*® very had the Aid was well ; man of influence, tiis silence in his i on Monday accompanied by Miss Lizzie represented. Pansy and X iolet.
Queale, and Mias Arabella Coulter, who | go to Ottawa.
Mr. Mark Wilson, who has been visiting friends here for some months return-1 Messrs. E. T. Hodgins, R. W. Hod-
•dU) his home in Ottawa oo Monday. gins and J. Hobbs, c? Shawville, spent) The capture by the Boers of the De, s Atesv ax ;; *	^ ^ i	sirs 1 lMra M
to the shanty.	oufc ^ A- bright s Friday	evening,	and	! the war has not yet taught the British of-
Mx. Geo. h. Murphy went	to	Shawville	spent a very pleasant time.	I Geers all they should know.	The affair
on Tuesday. u i tir â	o	T. W. Walsh has been	in	town	for	at the beginning of the
Messrs, if. H. and W. A	Seaman	ar-1 some time.	created a stir. Now it will	only be
nved up from Shawville on Tuesday. J Messrs. Arthur Collins and Donald noying.
CHANCE OF TIME.
„ ls5S^$5iSSSiJKSfil «1rs. T. McWILLIAWIS.
SS AîrKww	I BStoSsystS1
ZCw	d” - l“« Bristol Wijarf
Every day (Sundays excepted) 1
At S.00 a.m., End 4.00, p.m#
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE.
1 00 P M: Mixed Train for Arnprior, Renfrew, Eganville, Madawaskaand intermediate stations.
I

Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :
11.10 A. M. From Madawaska, Pembroke, Egan-vifle, Renfrew. Acnprior and intermediate points.
5 55 P. M Prom Parry Sound, Eganville, Renfrew, Arnprior and intermediate points.
8.50 P. M. Mixed Trains from Madawanka, Eganville, Renfrew, Araprior and intermediate stations.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
con-

MASSEY NOTES.

Public Notice.
I
The taxpayers of the village of Shawville are hereby notified that inasmuch us there are numerous large bills coming d
.... I ESSSEBHe
fore the 16th day of December. Given at Shawville this 20th day of November, 1900.	J. &. HORNER,
Sec. Treasurer..
Central Depot, Russell Eonse Block
ue
Tickets to Europe and all parts of the world by all American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook's tours.
a. Trains run daily except Sunday. t>. Sunday only, c, Daily,

would have I Meeting all Trains.
war
CEORCE BALLANTINE,
Ferryman.
an-
f




4 •
V
i



\
X

»



i

m
»

