###PAGE###1###

'
4f
\

4
!
/
No. 10 —IStii Year.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., Til UPS DA Y, AUG.
Mr. Poupore’a Farewell Address
to the Electors of the County of
Pontiac.
$1.00 a Yeah in Ad van ci
1000
• »)
PERSONAL
IIV'I
Mr. J. II. Sin
I
Yes, it’s Hot !
ky
i
.son
liei.i < i'.Ii t.ii
i
XNA
To the Electors < f tho ( iac : Dear Si that on accouii
> of Vunt-ltjfurm yuu f largo businc s.t interests in which I am concerned i find it >!e to c mtinu
the go d old county of Punt in from flu* remember that in lfS
evening last.
Mir. and Mrn. <
w .1.
Mis, Jih. McArt'bnr and M ton were visiting ' 1
last \Nfvk.
Dr. McKinley arm Paris K.position on s'•ions ul tll<*
OF CANADA.
MoU
i
IU-8L
II
I
Hoard of directors
v T'Uni rV.ii
in
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000. RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Chaule* Mau EE,	President.
Ueoiuie Hay, kkq., Vice-President.
Join* Ma Tims, I . I) mu M vl.xiiKw, li¦ ^
?«, t
nger m r
m
Everyone says so
V iU Wl.-J
r*
t
Mo
!
it the instance uf veiling, niy friends, inside and outside of Pontiac, nut wry I sacrificed a very lucrative business in which I was then engaged as senior | art -ner of the firm of Puuporo A Fraser did that, I thought, to serve my county ai d my party. You were good enough then to elect me by a very large majority, The Department of Public Works have for which 1 now return yru my sine rv called fur tenders for the construction of thanks for the confidence which you then
piers and abutments for the promised iron reposed in
bridge across the Ottawa i r to Dm I	ave the representation of tho
Joachims. Although the work is one county without a pang of regret. It could which particularly concern» Pontiac, nut be otherwise on account of the devo-none of the county papers have been tion of my go »d friends who always stuck favored with am insertion of the notice, t ¦ mo through thick and thin from 1882 They arc not in it, even our friend the up till!
Advance, whic h strikes us aa scarcely the Another reason, which is not of less im right thing. We are not of those who be- portance than those which I have given, lieve that patronage should be indiscrim- and which has contributed to my with inately lavished upon newspapers, but drawing from politics, is that for the la t when there is anything to bestow which six months or a year I observed that some has a Peal beating, papers in sym* little discord was creeping into our ranks pathy with the administration should be and that many reasons were assigned for the first to be considered.	I this. Among the number was the one
that I had b« come a non resident of the county and many of my former friends took except! n to that, they bellevii
Once more we are glad to report Mr. i that the representative of the county
shou'd reside within its limits. This, it
Am.*. FtUhKit. Esij
Ut.NMS Mvrphy, EhQ
Howl Oflicv, ¦ .11 on I real.
Hi- imprc
iviiiu
Mr, Hiram Morrison left on Monday
for Ottawa from whence lie will pi
to Diitvaoii city In a day or two,
Gnieral Manager .. . M.tniu-f-r
GEORGEDVHN D. 2d. FINN IE
lint
I
1
lireti'-hM ' IN ONTARIO
SimVVILLi: HICAXtll,
If you are looking for a cool spot, try our shop. Our customers say it’s cool and comfortable and so it is,—bright, airy and cool—a nice place to do your shopping, and we are selling all Summer Goods at cooling prices.........
Money loaned on approved security al reasonable mien.
Farmers notes bought find collect'd.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
10 A.M.ToS PM.
10 A N. TO 1 P M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager.
Lanark,
J'jrrx humid, Pwmhrnkv,
Rat Portage, do Batik St. Rviifj* .v do Rideau8t. Toronto, VsnkB-ek Hill, Smith's Falls
IN MANITOBA :
Keewatm. Kemptv lie Mrttlawa,
Alexandria, Arnpnor. Avonmore, UmeeVri'lge, Car le tun
Ottawa
Pln^e,
H*wl
Winnipeg
Dauphin
Fortsgf La Prairie IN (jl'EBEC;
Office Horns Saturdays .
Montreal,	Hull, la. hut".
Agents In Canada, New York and CUlcagn-Bank of Montreal.
Agents in St. Paul M- i-hants Nat Rank.
Agents in London, Eng.—Part’s Bank Lt d.
now
Church Services.
METHODIST CHURCH.
Pastors—Rev. W. Bowman Tucker, M.A., Pb. D. Rev. W. R. Johnston.
Heuvicem every Sabbath at 10.30 a.rn Monday School hi w .'10, a rn.
Epworth League. Monday evening at 8.00. Ladles' Prayer Meeting, Tuesday 7.M. p.m General Prayer .Meeting, Friday, 7,30, p.m Everyone welcome.
THERE IS HO PLEASURE SO SWEET
Farmers and Millmen !
p.rr.
As that which Is combined with Profit
RADFORD

i
Keep us in mind when you want
Binder Twine,
Machine Oil,
Paris Green,
Harvesting Tools,
Binding and Threshing Mitts, Cylinder Oil,
Engine Fittings,
Engine Packing,
Belt Lacing,
Belt Rivets, Punches, &c.
" Always at right prices.”
A SUMMER SESSION
I' N lergast’s rapid improvement
Mrs. T. Richardson is entertaining Mr. ,,iust be	has considerable force,
Snow and family.	| but I don’t think I should have ever been
Last week was harvesting week ; the looked upon as a nonresident in the eenee
jn that the term implies, for the reason that 1 hold just the same interests in Pontiac
A. W. Chamberlain wore a smile of ! aii“ PaX JU8^ ihe same amount of taxes contentment as he drove out his new a,1(l hate contributed to everything fur binder through the fine fields of wheat. 'l,ie a(lvantage of the public to the same
The people are making preparations in	not Krea^er, than 1 did when I
Though j living in the county, so that I don’t I think the fact of my living outside it in Brow NY. 5l°y ^ay caused me to cease to have the
| same desire for the welfare of the people ! that I always had before.
|	1 hope my withdrawal will be the cause
¦¦¦	of restoring unity in our Conservative
Harvesting i is followed so vlo.ivly on ranks and that our friends will see the haying it was difficult to say when haying i wisdom of making a wise choice of a can* was done and harvesting commenced. j dtdate for the coming election on whom
.Miss Mina McKillop, of Ottawa, is I they can all unite, arid as in the past, visiting her father here.	( hold the g rod old county true t" its for-
Mias Janet Young, Ottawa, visited her | aer traditions	Iggggggg
l»arcnts here last week.
Mr. Alex. Young, Y. 8.,
Specially designed for those who anxious to improve the summer months and to turn them to profit, will open JULY ». and continue for six weeks, for the taking up of Business and all Commercial matters, Shorthand and Typewriting, English and French and .... other special studies.........
are
UNDERTAKING
Cuthbertson.Graham dc Elliott still keep on hand a full supply of undertaking¦ materials, which regarding quality are second to none. Prompt attention and charges moderate.
gitigle of tho binder was to be hoard all directions.
*
i
Î
The p inters for the Shaw ville exhibition were issued from this office this week. The exhibition takes place on Tuesday, Sept. IS one day only.
Ladies and gents.' calling cards, scratch hooks, note and receipt forms to be had at Thk KqviTY office.
Rev. W. It. Johnston will preach in the Methodist church next Sabbath morning. Rev. Dr. Tucker will preach in the even lug on “ The Pharisee's Prayer."
PARENTS’ ATTENTION
Why have
the hoys and girls wasting their time around home during t he summer v acation when they could be getting a starting of a practical education at a very «light cost I
TEACHERS' ATTENTION
111
r
this locality for the county fair weave last, we are not least.

BRISTOL
_________ V special
course will he taken up during the sum mer session designed for teachers who wish to enquire into business methods and to be aide to return to their schools in the fall, feeling that they have something practical to give their boys and girls.
MM
A story and song service entitled The story of a Pink Rose," (an account of New York rescue work) is being prepared by Rev. I)r. Tucke'r and the choir of the Methodist church
church on Thursday evening, Aug and will he interesting to everybody mission, lOets.
Last week’s Pontiac Advance had the following interesting item : - The Rev.
VV. F. Fitzgerald and bride returned home on Thursday last. A reception was held at the parsonage in the evening at which many members of the congregation and many friends among whom the Rev. Father KIonian and Rev. E. J.
Rolteson atten led to present their congratulations.
The homo of Mr. Jas. Prendergast, of this village, was the scene of a very pretty wedding at 10 o’clock on Saturday last, when Miss Jessie Grant, of Hard ley, became the bride of Mr. Howard Lusk, of Aylmer. The ceremony was performed by Rev. Di. Tucker. The bride looked charming, attired in a suit of light cream colored material, trimmed with white satin and pearls with white wreath. The bridesmaid, Miss Maria Richardson, of Radford, worn a light fawn suit, trimmed with pink satin and ribbon, and carried a Ixnifpiet of p'nk roses. The groom was
attended by Mr. Willie Grant, "f Lard-	vp], regret wo report the fierions
ley Mr. and Mrs Lusk have the best iUness of Miss Mary Drummond wishes for their future happiness of n Miss N Brims has returned to her host of friends.	home in Huntington after spending the
holidays with her sister Mrs. M. Drummond.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Hopper, of North Clarendon, spent Sunday at Mr. James Telford's.
Mr. Wm. Beattie spent Sunday under the parental roof.
Misa Hattie Telford has taken tip duties as teacher in No. 4 school.
Miss MousseiU has the dissentient school.
Miss Alice Smiley has returned hi from Toronto and lias gone to the Iron Mines to teach in No. 6.
Dr. Tucker preached to quite a large congregation in North Bristol last Sun-r. He also visited the sick folk of the settlement on Tuesday.	Lilly
Weirstead, Aug. 18, 1900

Ir will l>e rendered in tIn*
Nth.
HFECIAL RATES FOR THOSE ESTER I Nil FOR THE RUMMER SESSION WILL BE ALLOWED TO AI L PERRONS WHO LN . Kit THEIR NAMES BEFORE JULY NINTH.
Drop a Portal for full information.
11 have the honour to remain a good old f Merricks- frjend of Puntisc and all my good friends ville, paid a flying visit to Bristol last j within its limits, week
Ad
1
(Nld)
W. J. Pot:pork
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE
Bryson, - Que.
Mrs. M. D. M. Blakeley, of Alice, i* renewing acquaintances here.
Mr. and Mi
St. Lawrence H ill,
Montreal, August 14, 1900
John Warren, of Brae
)
side, spent Sunday at Mr. A. Warren’s.
Miss Maggie(’uthbertson, accompanied by her brother, went to Renfrew last week.
Mis* Annie McCunig went to Pembroke last week.
Master Hugh McCredic is still very poorly.
Picnics and moonlight excursions on the lake are the order of the day here.
Those 44 Poetical effusions ” from “ Elmside ’’ and “ Peerless " lodges speak well for the Temperance cause Bristol.
If these few lines dont find the waste basket you may hear again from
J. H. SHAW
Open Letter to Ed. Graham, Esq., President of the Conservative
Association of Pontiac. D.ur Sir,—This is to inform you that I have resigned my seat for the County of Pontiac, and such resignation has been accepted by the Speaker of the House ot Commons. This step I was obliged to take in consequence of my private interest», which I have neglected very much since 18%, and as 1 began to discover P that there were little dissensions arising m in our ranks in Pontiac, 1 felt that it might perhaps be the means of uniting the party again if I were to withdraw from politic», and leave the people free to select a local man upon whom they could all unite. This I hope will be the result of in y withdrawal from the representation of the county. I would have advised you sooner of this sDp, but I had to await an answer from the Speaker informing me that my resignation was accepted. This information 1 received a few days ago >nly, and as I have been very busy since then 1 have put eff writing to you til! now.
ft
LOCAL NEWS.
*
Born. — At Campbell's Bay, on Tuesday, the 7th inst., to Mr. and Mrs. H. T. Lunani, a daughter.
Married.—At the residence of Mr. .las. Prendergast, Shaw ville, on the 11th inst., liy the Rev. Dr. Tucker. Mr. Howard Lusk to Miss Jessie Grant, both of BanHey.


Snaps in
For Organs, Pianos and Sowing Machines, see A. Howard at Pontiac House.
For Fashionable Dressmaking call on Miss McHugh, over 0. F. Hodgine store.
IAN OS

Onlooker
¦
Bristol, Aug. j.'Mi
For Sale—A few bushels of seed fall wheat
WEI3STEAD
W. H. Cor Rio an,
Lot 13, R. 4, Clarendon
going fast !
Mr. Bourbeau Rainville, advocate of Bryson, is erecting an oftico f<»r his accommodation.
own
One of the G «tests.
I. (). O. Organization*—Shaw ville can now boast of a pretty full quota of fraternal societies, having on Frid ing last added Oddfellswship to the list. The lodge was instituted by Bro. A. H. Eager, G. M , of Farnhani, <Jne., assisted by the following other members of the Order : XVr. 8. Applely, Toronto; A. H. Blackeley, Kingston ; A. E. Flatters, A. K. Wright and L. Matt ice, Ottawa. The following officers were installed N. G.,—Sam Ralph.
4‘ It. S.-W. B. Crawford.
44 L. 8.—John Smith.
V. G.—Dr. Alexander.
14 R. 8. —John Johnston. Warden.—J. H. Brownlee.
Conductor.—B W. Young.
Secy.—W, Williams.
F. Secy.—A. R. McGuire.
0.	G.—John Brownlee.
1.	G. —J. E. Burroughs.
Very large congregations were present at both services in St. Paul’s church on Sunday last, on the occasion of the annual visit of the Bishop of Montreal to this parish. The other clergymen present were the Rev. J. E. Lowe, Bristol ; Rev. W. Fitzgerald, of Quyon; Ven. Archdeacon Naylor and Rev. H. 8. Boyle, of St. Paul’s. The candidates for confirmation—11 in number—were ad dressed by Rev. W. Fitzgerald, after which His Lordship administered the sacred rite. Following the opening portion of the Communion service the Bishop preached from the passage 44 God is Love,” with his wonted force and eloquence.
A large number remained after the dismissal of the congregation to partake of the Holy Communion, which was also administered by His Lordship.
At the evening sendee the opening prayers wore read by Mr. Fitzgerald, and the lessons were taken by Rev. Mr. Boyle. The Bishop again preached from Dcut. Vii —8 : 41 Because the Lord loved you, ’ and Rev. Mr. Lowe concluded the service.
The Dolan (mill) property in this village is advertised to be mold by Sheriffs sale at Bryson on the 5th of September next.
Phase extend for me to the different members of the Conservative Association —and yourself included —my heartfelt thanks for the support you have all given uid in the past. I shall be unable to take an active part in your next contest, not because my fidelity to our party has weakened i*i the least, but because I have so many engagements in my business that 1 am hardly able to find a moment to spare, and furthermore, because 1 think the people of the county should be left absolutely tree to make their own choice of a candidate and elect him without influence arising from any source whatever.
Again thanking, you I am,
Yours sincerely (Signed) XV. J. Poupore.
We have the following BARGAINS only now
.. remaining : .. ..
One only Hood Square Piano, rosewood case
One Gilbert Piano
One Dominion Square Piano, rosewood case, carved legs, in splendid condition
The above all on three years payments.
ay even
#, e
Y
For Sale-A steam threshing outfit, comprising engine and separator, the whole in good working order.
Apply to Ben.i. Workman,
Charteris
$ 75.
. •
150.
# #
Messrs. Dale Bros., tinsmiths, have removed their stock into the building lately occupied by George Swat man. The shop vacated by them is to be fitted up at once for a drug store, for Mr. Box, a Renfrew young man.
Mr. John Anderson, of Bristol, and Miss Alice Fraser, of Am prior, were married at St. Andrew’s manse, Arnprior, Wednesday, the 8th inst. The ceremony was performed by Rev. Mr. Hay, of Renfrew,
me
150.
day
For further particulars see
Mb. J. R Horner, .. Siîawvîlle,
who is our authorized representative for the Counties of Pontiac and Ottawa.
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
on
Shawville S. Commissioners.
Shaw ville, Aug. 20, 1900.
Board of School Commissioners of Clarendon met this day. Members present, Ralph Hodgins, Esq,, Chairman;
Commissi mers, John Grant and Frederick Thomas.
Minutes of list meeting read.
Moved by John Grant, seconded by Frederick Thomas, that the minutes of last meeting as now read be and aie here
Moved by Frederick Tbomâf, second- j places, as follows : -School No. 2, Miss ed by John Grant, that the Collection , Johnston, $12.00 ; School No. 5, XV. C. Roll for the year beginning on the first Hodgine, $13.00; School No. 7, 2 boys, of July, 19<H), be and is hereby horaolo-1 one a son of John Horner, nnd the other gated as it now stands without any a son of R. Glenn, $12.00; School No. 8, change.—Carried.	j Mrs. R. Telford, $12.00; School No. 9,
Moved by John Grant, seconded by George Hodgina, (big.) $13.00; School Frederick Thomas, that the bi 1 f paint- j No. 11, Mr?, ./as. Findlay, $12 00. mg and other repsirn to school No. 4 be paid to H. T. McDvwell, $4 GO; also that Mrs. R Telford be paid her bi l against school No. 8, less two brooms, OOctf.
Moved by Frederick Thomas, seconded by John Grant, that the following persons j groes, resulted in a riot m New York on awarded the contract of sweeping, Wednesday in which ten thousand people dusting, scrubbing and lighting tires in | took part. Twenty persons were lrjur-the respective schools at the respective j ed.
As no one has been sending you the news for some time I will give you the news to far as I know.
Everyone seems to be busy up here, quite a boom in improvements, &c.
Our echr o!s commenced this week, with Miss Lowe, of Buckingham, again ot No. 1, and Miss Brownlee at No. 2, Leslie.
There were several parties and a wed ding last week which somewhat relieved the usual monotony, and some of our young men who had indulged rather freely in the use of their fists were heavily fined
/
Mr. Andy Martin, of Cache Bay, Ont., foreman for Booth & Gordon, was down last week, and returned again on Monday with a gang of men for the .woods. While in Thorne he disposed of a ;*art of his properry there to Mr. S. M. Logan.
Mr. Ben Young and Mr. H. Hobbs were at Bryson on Thursday last, eluding the terms of purchase of the latter's property in this village by the former. The new proprietor has already secured a tenant for the store part of the
house in the person of a Mr. Earl, who we understand intends handling groceries and gents’ furnishings.

D. W. KARN COMPANY, L’t’d,
197 SPARKS STREET. OTTAWA.
con
I
Farm for Sale
1
Comprising lots 17, 18 and Hi, on Range 14 A’* of the township of Leslie, and containing 317 acres, more or less, alwut 1(X> of w hich are cleared and in good condition. On the premises are erected the following buildings : Dwelling house, 22x3(1 feet : barn, 20x31» feet ; two frame sheds—one 20x30, the olher 20x30 ; cow house, 22x24 ; stable, 22x24 ; granary, 10x20 ; pig-house, 12x20 ; milk-house, 10x18. Good pump and w ell house, and the premises are otli erwdsewell watered. Farm will l»e sold on reasonable terms. For further particulars apply to
MR. AND MRS. CHAS. RK! I).
Residing on Farm,
Mr. W. M. Sutheihnct arrived up from O.tawa last Tuesday accompanied by three of his cousins, Messrs. Fleet, Mark and James Wilson.
Messrs. .Giimour & Hughson sent a gang of men up the Riekanock to work improvements under charge cf Mr. Murphy. Messrs. Gillies Bros., alao sent up a gang for improvements under charge of Mr, Nap. Laviolette.
Mr. XV. Clarke, of Moorhead, was here
last week.
Mr. E. B. D. Lafleur, of Bryson, was up here Saturday
Work wa« resumed on the construction of the P. P. J. extension between Aylmer and Hull last week. It is expected the line will bo completed by the time the now interprovincial bridge at Nepean Point is finished, and this, Engineer Dunn informed The Equity last week, would be by end of November. This bridge, it may 1* stated, is a magnificent structure, and will have fewfcqual* in the Dominion.
if
. Matheson, Sec.-Treasurer
(C-py)
Ï
on
i
Race troubles between whites and Ne
are
Italie, Aug. 11,1900,
Sans Ckremonib
1

#
?


4»

Ibpwî
MB*

i


###PAGE###2###
r
V
ft
UNREQUITED LOVE.
Mr*. Mu* of ber put up with the *ho had been asked, se It were, to
op n the shooting season with a	J BHHI
t> I	w! INTERESTING NE^I BY MAIL FROM """ T '	.......*	""
_ ' took in Lady Sophia. Thvy had tra- 1HE LAND 0F THK SHAMROCK. The “utilities In China cause us to Thu influence of the Prince of Wales |vcied by the same train and were	--- M'**1* *-> much about mandarins, and on thi drosa of men who derote much
eeeezh:Iee§ eÏb 'S::z™ :	=Shs? g
of jolly fellowship, but this famil- 8pite of his almost boyish uppearsnce !y>ery * htneso Government servant ment the etyle merely because u,. ruity with the fashlonsbls novelist “ nearing CO.	, ia a mandarin, find that there are I Prince of Weloe had worn It. Hia la»te
did not prevent her almost ignoring	The young ladite of Dublin are ef	thousand» of them acntteiod	about	Is more likely to be regulated by n
bia wife.	fectiug red, white and blue striped	lhl‘ Celestial Empire whose	official	venienoe than by any desire to lie s
"I am afraid Mrs. Vavasour end I	ba“tle to their hut».	(salaries do not exceed £1 per month.	pioneer In fashions. What ho weifra
common," she	lbu Uuka ol Omnia ught will, it	Is ! ThMe nro “f the lowest, or ninth,	ia usually the result of hia conclu jja
ducking to get a glimpse of that	|rePorle‘|. take command	of	the army clnM ot mandarins, and have just	that such a garment would bo mJire
radiant lady athwart a grove ot	.ln India in September.	passed their first examination, and	comfortable for a etout, middle-adêd
candélabre. "She doran t look ee if	I	TllerB a,e m,wl 15 grandsons of the	|are usually petty officials in	one of	man than any other kind. The nTw
! she hunted." inwardly adding, "not	'Du; hesa o( Abereoru serving with the	lh“ numerous Custom Houses.	When 1 single-breasted frock coal is «aid It*
British forces in South Afrioa.	j promotion follows in due course our be the result of HU Royal Hignnï»
Ihe commander of the new regi- 'Udding Viceroy, provided his perula- unwillingness to have any mor« thirF nient of Irish (iuarde will be Lieut.- |1 u,nM have not exceeded the bounds of nvases
\
? lev
FEE EBIR GEEEH ISLE
A MANDARIN’S BUTTONS,
THE PRINCE OF WALES DRESS
&

BY MISS M. E. Bit ADDON
JHAPTKR XL—Oo rot tailed
mid
Wu# M9M years ago."	i
Prey don't call her ray protege, I * hate Instated upon her sending You know she is a legacy from poor | her trunks.
Mr. Nestoriuj
as she used when she was a girl, but
over
She will help to amuse
Hubert, an loeubus which his Quit tlsrn has Imposed upon
oa-
No doubt
Mr. Ncstorlus is lin-Hist I take it she is useful to you pressions ble, and a widower. Lady
oo* you would have sent her about her Carmlnow would make him a capital business before now. She fetches and wife."
04trries for those two lazy old maids My dear Lash mar, he Isold enough ot yours—Barber and Celestlne—I sup- to be her father." pose r
me
cant hive much iu said
Greatness is of no age. Ncttorius She reads very well; that Is the I at fifty is more attractive than the enly way la which she is useful to | common herd of And
an outdoor make-up."
"And you do nothing else, I bave
heard" replied the captain. "Well, „ ,	.
it is the highest kind of fame to do <>nel Foster <1. Uoas of Ulatlens- I moderation, becomes, sucoeasively a • one thing to perfection."	bu,ff*	! mandarin of the eighth and seventh
. .he has secured her cor. Tll0 conversation went on all ' Dublin has lost a man of great judg. Masses.
I MSS Sr-*-=M «KTJ- ™- REi»--"— -- -
ting lam USbautors for iho soldiers at the front.
young men, and f.or Victorian, lot iw I a woman of Lady Carmiuow’s aniM-fslk; of yourself a ml of the future. I t loua temper he would bo especially at hoi» you are going to stay here all tractive the XX Inter—till the House re-opens?** onet.
of cloth than absolutely
•iiry over hie Stomach in thj Wirl*
woa tâter
t-
mp
now
Uis disinclination to pose Æ1 an extremist in styles was shown f
from me
mu unu rad h
1 h it Is hard, mother dear, when f | full of h i v© been
romance.
Her marriage with a notorious sot me feel that I have I wen an undutl- would imply as rauevh
fulaon."	"It wm
*o much a way. You make
young
I hut you're too «mart for old like me."
,, . ..	ln* ru<'®* she thought them con
—- ¦.™" C221 ssn ins* "sL %" zzrzr. :::
piiHi:ÈEFEEli$P=F
Influence* and dudtke Continental her, but that was when I wan young Sophia h'bltn.	and foolish"	P
district magistrate
probably, and hi* button in of puts «
An Ir.sk newspaper .peaks about «hite quart,. In this capacity be can',, T	*eouUar“l« ot th
unity as being "that superstructure triplement bis income gloriously by '	dressing bave been copied,--
which is the true foundation of ail "ubntuntial presents from both plain- . *b lbey wul" Hl>lely the result of 1 greatness."	tiffs anj defendants alike, and in a . ,,hy*",al «“'«fartions. Most strlk-
m„H T,a_ . Tbe I,;u'kages sent from Dublin las. («"' fours has probably extorted *“	“ tbl! Iaabion ot leading
6	- •• « - -	zz: czrzszz n ;	srsl
ESP mmmBMmmwmmmi
~ ^-a,a.»ttz=:rzr"—'-	zzÆzzzct
ErJFH’HErE '"sSHH
but 1 have1'* reo'lÔÎitDar' la7biDî he‘ bjtterlB8 ,f P°“ible-	| abo knew all the latest remedies and desi.Tb T" ‘°	tbal U ia m',n,li,rin- bowever. prove equal to the , ,or tbe pu8t tbri1» yeara *"d th|
ieiiiape
;zz itr^r^zrz Ers“— ¦«vr.	‘ "	rrriti-i
,:,T:r ^	................ M,	„.. _.......	%% % ;	„,,,
"Old Lord Banbury was a friend of rh 1 ^ ™ti ah° h** become a lhan Mr* Nestorius, who had un- name© of the several streets i,	18 lt 18 called, at Canton contains 7,500 m a11 Probability have to be added to
your grandfather I"	| U ‘ 4<l ^ouug person, and very use- earthed Gabriel Veruer the day after town be printed in Irish ch	** cella- Kach cell measures 4 feet by the hat of those fashions which could
"Wm he? Then he must hive been U..,l°h *1 ati a Uader*’	^ arrival at the castle, and in the cost not to exceed £•>.	^	tIS’ 3| and 15 ^‘Kh enough to stand up in. not be made popular, even through
one of the few friends my grandfath-	.U°L iUc* 8ucb * Person whom the old man had welcomed au I Mr. Arthur Lawson, one of th*	lhe furnilure consists of two boards, the Prince’s patronage. There may be
was allowed to choose for himself, r. °? ^ ’ V Sauii ' bul dear Lady honored pupil in the long ago days baronets, has for the last ten ^ T* to sit on and the other for w riting need of such a garment in London,
Lady Pitland would never have toi-	s< ’ md tiuu,‘ aken Wl,h her of his university career.	j been the president of the Conserva!	whe've the hot weather extends well
©rated him on her list. Well, mother, il * r	80 jrou aiti 8liil at the old work , ; live party in Lee<is, and uud r h Thd cellfl are arra“ged around a j into the summer months and full
who else is coming ?"	’	.	, %	^ / La>hmai disavowed any VernerV he said, "and with a very ' leadership the power of the Ml . ! °Umber of Q1>en courta« 80 that the dress is required in a temperature
"There is Mr. Nestorius. The rest "<h IWIull>’ Ivt',ltlg £or lhe girl, promising pupil. Will you present party, who had held office in Th 8üldlers "ho guard the place can look that makes the prospect of wearing ar* all your own invitation.." '	l° We'” 8hti «P‘^>ed; mof	Leeda Town Council for	|,D and 8<W that 00 *“dent
"Oh! my Invitations are rather ad al„i <lu"e st>me Uo reti<l ta me "My dear, this ia Mr. Neatoriua. You years, was broken in 1895 .......urn, gi.e. o. lttn .... of	'	itjlt	b	L“‘°	bgurd	me ,e,k ,boul Ul Neo-1 A Ul...... m..	..	witne„
~»r i<-2 S $r ,..d,
her; Ponsonby who saved Mrs. Brown* I “ °Jr "h^u diessmg for dinner closed her book, rose h ia ily and took ohbaimmalter was rubbing up the rlgg, don't you know, in the starv-1 ^	° 11 °U ° bti bought of UP lh«? neat little black straw hat j South African geography of hia pu-
Ing case that made such i sensation ** * ^'ha°c^ iJe Lad bceu first "hich was her invariable headgear. ' pits, and to one of them he put the
I wonder1 1°i‘m,V?, " K^-sis were expected by * hopa 1 have not soared yov query-"Where is the Orange Free >n un-1	U’ *° he aud hl8 moihjr a-way.’ said Nesiorius.	State, Micky f :
HK111 ^Lady Caiminow had this delici- "No. sir; it is time for me to go back answer—"Belfast, sir "
j lhe new Postmaster-General
yoi j Marquis of Londonderry, * years of age, and before he to the Lords sat for
"No,
no
national
ed

ra*
i



varioue-
a
irs
er
commuai- a frock coat seem torture. The addi-U y j Mtee Wll h another. The characters on tiunal lightness gained by dispensing the cells indicate each student's partie, with owe Layer of cloth is not to be ular place. Confinement
over
m so cramp- despised by u fat man who has to
ed an area, where it is impossible to lie woar a frock coat on a hot afterdown, is said to
moment
The
cause the death of many students, some of whom quite old men.
uoon
are
VACATION MAY DE CIJT SHORT.
Your wife has gone away for the summer, I understand f
Well, she thinks she has, but if she could see my bank balance once possibly she would know better.
or eight years ago
seven
how he and Nestorius will get dor the same roof."
never had tried.
Do you mean to insinuate that I oan't tell the truth!
Uy no means. It is impossible to My "hat * '"an can do until he trier
lusiantly came the
oua interval ail to themselves Afternoon tea lasted
to the castle.
"They have been under th** roof before," si Id her ladyship
"\es; but that was a bigger root and they were not
the
same
_ Nonsense, child," said Verner t,pun particular occas.ou. A few told ma her ladyship would not m :,u , h Wore seven there came a Jon till eleven o’clock. Sit down g-* ai clanging of doors, and the cur- *1 me tell Mr. Nestorius what a cap i idoi a e choed with si range voices, tal Grecian you are "
a iong lime
is not yet 50 "as called years

war •
a nr
some six
upjn company
TEST THE KIDNEYS,
in the House of Commons r ! the representatives of Ulster It used to be Edgar in the old has been Viceroy of Ireland,
has not always looked with favour upon the Irish policy of Government.
manners.
"Mr. Nestorius is always chinning, Whom else have you asked!".
"1 i plain Vavasour
as one of
lie
"hereby Lady La^hmar
resting hor I
n^leai she might, days,” remonstrated the statesman kn*w' lbat the Pi'opte h id all come. "But in those days you c. , A l,‘n minutes to eight she was in | dergrnduate and I I the dnuwing-io©m and the
a nd
And if they are diseased use the World's Greatest Kidney Cure,
DR. CHASE’S KIDNEY-LIVER PILLS.
wear,y nerves
the society novelist and his wife; such a delightful little woman; airy, fascinating, vr centric, audacious—just like one of her husband's novels
complete
were an/ un-
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ was	an-
atrangers I s we red Gabriel Verner, "and now you w,re duiy presented to her, as she are agréa» statesman and I am a sat, supported on one aida by Mrs j nobdy.
Muicibei, a spreading
the
I think »he
it to him for .ill bis heroin- • Perhaps she writes his books." Not she
SIMPLE MOUSE TRAP A common punch bowl
It s n simple matter to test the kidneys.
quukiy in.de into a trap f0 "cap	11 (,ot:tor- hy asking yourself three questions,
ing mue. x .ko a piece of thin abiugie 0an determine whether or not your kidneys are deranged about an inch wide and two inches	“Have you backache or weak lame back ?”
long. From one end to th. other,	Second-“Do you have difficulty in urinating or too fro.
to t from Guent desire to urinate ?”
it one end	f	tile
waa looking divinely I the purpose of systematic transmis-1 pointed at the other. Now bait the a »ei has Stood for tWCllty-four hours ?”
3=.- es	sK	»
happened that Mr. Nestorius and she fcctly. Numerous clubs have sprung) bowl. The slight*,! touch at the bail i • ° 'V ,	6 Hi. UlllSe faillOUS throughout the WOt’Id
\sere together. Pallid faces and up, which carry on regular commun- *&!! drop the trap.	*ilS vvOr.(ierful Clire Ol diseases of tllO kidiltiys.
thr‘,jmg ton«a have an almost ir- ication with continental point» by	-----»---- If*you have kidney disease vou can take Dr. Chase’s Kid*
mus
You need not
The inteipreier of the Sugynte g.'ty u&iin go A- u} and by Lady I must always tw renowned Sophia Freeman tie ou the other. | loriua..
Lady Caro incur waa at the o: h r *d of the, drawingroom, half bu^ <*d gigantio chair, and slowly .lining herself with
woman in a
5
vou
Aurelia is one of tho^e df lie lie creatures w ho never do anything for themselves; not
said Nes-

To be Continued
so much . • or run up
to the nursery to look at a sick baby. I once heard a woman ask her what her gown oust
to (ill a card of invitation
CARRIER PIGEONS IN ENGLAND
taper to center. That is
Englishmen in ail quarters of the I bo'h edge, to n pom island are training carrier pigeons for "^1 be one. inc h
in a
cut
a great ostrich lv 1 her fan, white she listened to Mr. Nestorius. She
urine
Haven't the least
id**
tihe answered sweetly er ask w hat things ire going to cost lest 1 should be afraid to order them."
"Then your Vavasours are in debt, I conclude."
1 nev-
for

"Enormously.”
"I feel sure that I shall loath this) resistible
person.”
"I doubt it






###PAGE###3###

XV •
i<y iiA^t
% *
T
r
##
P**


4
r
4

(
1

r


Z
¦»
PiOiHisals in Royal Lift.
I few WveJce with him „k(nr, thn Du h "** h'lfo, at Sheen House, not fa lr"m 1 h ' i»"k gates, and h# coul I
•eeü e i day strolling jauntily | THEY ACT VERY MUCH LIKE ÎH
CHINESE BOXERS.
ANARCHISTS IN EUROPE
clirito'fl ai mi 11 r f illur j t > assaa Inatp I n King Humbert in 1st)7, but unfortunately
were only two farter Illustrations of thn text from which the Italian Ana rchist* preach thior docirinee.
I he condition of things waa, if a n y -1 htiig, still wo w in hr i net*. In Much, for inwl.inc*
jREAT BRITAIN TO CHINA
10,000 indicated horep-power, and they have ivng einoe earned a jejyur* lion for their conduct of the mail eervioe between Canada and Japan and China.
11 can do anyth ng between 16 and 19 knot#
e
i

ccomphshcd the of her (lay
B
i'hc prfnc«, like the peasant, has t
tukrt advantage of the most favorable I ** *bo Pre^y road, Sheen Lane, that opiKirttmlty that presents itself for 1,1(1 fr<>,n thllt residence to White tilling the privoeNH how much he loves	hoinetimea he went not alone,
her, a net he finds u lonely moor or a 11,1 * be lo«ly of his « hoioe accompanied quiet sequestered dell in m wide park ,Mln 'n *** moonlight wulks| us useful an adjunct to the process b^' jourm^ys, whose obj et even the us does any factory girl off w ii h	oi>s4M v. i ns to guess bs.-	,
James William- for the afternoon. band, «"ded Just as exited, and " to 'h« »l1^ uf tbe Hec;et "*'**
did the Prince Contort of Eng- ****** learned of the true identity1** * Wftf* wa*10 Ttt U,M "**•
of bar future Queen and saw VuthI™lsfbt right, says the L-», i<.n Dally
pleasure that it was to be un English
CANADIAN PACIFIC ROUTE ENDORSED AS THE BEST MEANS.
i
f
The Empress of Japan nai established a record for the fast eel
I
nearly Every Ha# m i liliin 11 Mrinbrr el m Kroibrrlitiod-lllnlury »f I prut ug« In tlic llinere il I leuiilrlr*.
;
AeRilKt rr«.»p* Id < li'.iia I nun (lie «Mil
toimiry a trri-#in« the |,«n«i«ii liall> | t.ran#-Pacific t rip evur made. Leavinf Teleurnpli A#*%«c He*	|be «hiimiIIri
Houle.
189
nut
t rum rumble seiz
#
Vancouver on June 1897, at ten a
As rrcm/t events have taught us 4 he Chinese are particularly commit
u,e# high explueiviv* were mule in Paris; ouluminaling on March ItOth, in the arrest of the celebrated Havachol
rn., ehe arrived at Yokohama at 1.51
With the i>t<»p' <¦[ of vast militar> leader I operations in China
p m., on July 7, and at Hong Kong the European I at 12.5 p m., on July 14, making the Powers are realising that British ab- | entire actual time consumed, indu* Imt bomb outrage, in the very Chain- ility to transport 200 000 troops mix I mive of stops at Victoria and Y oka* Ism itwlf; the Meaty outrage of Feb- thousand miles by meu was no mean | ha ma. 10 days, 10 hours and 22 min-imiry, 1804, and m my others. Latlen achievement. Hut while they are wish- utca from Vancouver to Yokohama ly, it we ex p the recent at tempi ing that they had ships enabling each and 17 days. 10 hours, 16
’I up»ni he Pt ince of Wales at Bm » m, ,,f thsB i <<
things Anarchical hive Ixeen cumpara lively quiet.
1 hen followed the Vail
ow
1
manage with the Queen f Tin
*l>ry has oft is told, and it is pro
Id hly oorreot in its outline, that il | 1111 '<*<n	w is to hi raided to that
honor.
Mill
possible to insult royalty in lly«l»* Park; to openly proclaim one's syn.« pit hive with the enemies of one's
Here in En g la nd, where it is
Wits not he in this case who had to
manage but she. For it appears to I The Quern herself h is, In her book, he court etiquette for the Queen to 'I*a?en From flip Journal of a Life do the proposing In such a case. It is in the Highlands,” told the story of *aid that while at n dance with t be j the engagement of the Princess Loui.se Prince at Windsor Castle In 1840 her to the Marquis of Lome, now Duke of Majesty took from her dress a spray Argyll, She says under date of Oct.
of whit# LI io and gave fat to him. | ^ 1870
He had no button-hole in his unifor m
minutes
fourth of that I from Vancouver i <- Kong Kong, i number of men, and while others are | fair allowance for the latter journej de bo I ng a# to th i ompa i at iv»* use
eu r r y a
country; and to slate the War Mini ter in no measured terms, without t he
t
would probably be 19 d iye, and (Lia, leeaness of the Trans-Siberian Railway | with the 12 day# occupied as a factor in featuring law and or
slightest fear of police intervention, (here an practically no secret socie-tie#
(
between
Liverpool and Vancouver would roakc
There is no necessity for th-ra. lit is different abroad.
AN ARMY WONDER.
de-r in 1 be Mongolian Empire, Britan
nia cannot afford, mays the London] Hong Kong as ag nat 36 to 37 days Daily Telegraph, to «it still. Her buai

a total of 31 days from England te
In China, practically every man is * bis was	an eventful day. Our	a member of norm; wx;iaty of	this	nans e soldier, but	takLeg	out	his	P»'n-i	dear li0ui«e	was engaged to Lord	ture, while in Europe the most	noknife he made a	slit in	hU	wjat	and	Lome. The	event took place during	torlous secret societies are the	various
placed the spray	tenderly in	it. What	n walk from	the Classait Sh el to Lock | Anarchical bro<( her hoods
happened next during the quiet talk Ohu
4 Sol Ilf r II lie
i a Karbrr, (salt, Bl.u k oidlb, Ilf ml*i mi«l "ln%« r All In Our.
vU Suez
iicas is to cast an eye over the map
I
THIS ALL-BRITISH ROUTE
of her widely scattered Empire, and I to the East is already used by naval
turn the geographical situation to the J officers going to the China station,
best account. One gh.nce ut Mena

lu any company of volunteers almost every trade, profession and accomplishment is likely to be represented, but few soldiers combine them all. There was one such man in the Phillph pines, and Lieutenant acblesiuger, of Louisville, Ky., met him.
R^wMra tPuOD,onlby-, , . v French economist Proudhon, who after .xbu müet vereetile utup i ever
" Kot h,“îw by ]¦	wh,‘ re-	1 prominent leader in the revo. eaw, ¦ 8ald tbe u.utttnanl, •• waa a pn-
ure wife	at	a	continental	town	and	turned no me time Inter, told mo that |uU,® of 1848, did in 1835. Ilia	vjUe wbu wa8 0 d t ( Mimla ÜUJ
ad	firat	ant	eyes	on	her	while	vis-	Lome had spoken of his devotion to EXCKEDINULY ADVANCED VIEWS	Mme was tiawtell ïbare aeemml [0 be
her and proposed to her and that «he . -tto call them by no stronger name-	nolblng on eal lb 'tbat be couldn't do
had accepted b.m, knowing that 11 were promulgated in his famous book, j	ür badü t duBe at lunle tim,.
Though I was not I "What is Property?” issued in 184a
I
which, by
She had gone there wit h Janie I t h»- «beer desperation of their meth* of the adjoining apartments | Ely, the Lord Chancellor and Lome. I ode, have occasionally terrorized ve raay *eave *° conjecture, but I he had driven to Pannanich Wells on t he tire kingdom#.
acd of lhe eogagomont was soon ma<le| south side of the Dee with Beatrice | father of anarchy was the celebrated Down by the Queen to her council
and ihf n seems no in.tupei able ob-tor’e projection is sufficient to show I stade to its more extensive employ-that India and Australia are about ment by the Government equi-distant from the centre of dis- thing, it avoids the tropical heat of turbance in China. The plucky Kan-1 the Red Sea route, although in winter
this consideration is of qualified im-
one
en-
For one
The acknowledged
The Prlnc# of Wales had met his fu-
garixjH, to use the affectionate appel
;
lation lately bestowed on our Colon
portasse* As to the possibility of ial kinsmen are already to the fore I conveying large bodies of troops
with offers of troop* and of naval bri-1 acroisa the American Continent, there gade. but we must recognize, regret
rting a cathedral there some time tie-fore he went to Denmark to visit her
would be no difficulty for the. Canadian Pacific Railway possesses plenty
should approve unprepared for this result, I felt painfully the tbought of lowing her I gave my consent pray that she would be happy."
The Cur proposed to the Princess
parents and, make his proposal. His was a case of love at first sight. He was so struck with tlto beauty and grace of the princely maiden whom he saw in the cathedral that he ma'# nanny inquiries about h^-r and sought an introduction. Then the later steps come in due course. It was at the castle of the Danish royal family
at Rosenberg that (he Prince of Wales rie.d he would marry whom he pleased Ijn 1870 he anticipated, the Paris O
had hie private interview with the	rather than one commended to him by	mune by an	unsuccessful rising at *>A fHVV (lay3 laLer	lhe salue 0[[-l09g	wKIÊIÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊKIÊÊÊÊ
"daughter of the «eu kings" and pro-	his counsellors for State reasons. And	Lyon#, and	his work and spaectie*	tix,k a noti(m t^at	wanted a	cer-	I	ProP°,I'tion ot	the	British Imperial
posed gladly to find her an English	his choice hid fallen upon the Queen's	have largely	moulded the character-	lajn djflh prepared,	lie and the	rest	fo,rcea m ^ked	up	in the Transvaal,
home and happiness for th * remainder	granddaughter from Hesse. Accord-	forties of the	excitable Spanish and	of us were tired uf 'dead h«n ' as	the
of her life. And here she accepted) 'Ugly the party at the Rosenberg Italian Anarchical society ever.since, ubiquitous chicken is disdainfully calL This	was in	a	private	room. Palace, the scene of that former	pro-	HU principal tenet was the entire re- e(j xu Philippine*^!
which is one	of the	suits	of	rooms	posai in 1863, had been arranged on	jeotion	of all external authority r.o
in the Rosenberg castle where the purpose to allow Nicholas to meet his matter how esteemed by the general-
Either here or la(*y love under the happiest auspices, t/ty of the people, in an adjoining room his lloyal High- Rome say thut the Czar proposed dur- With the idea of attaining thrir ' asked n«*HH went through the sarin* tremW 1,0 K an evening party, others that hi; Ideal, nothing has been too diabolical
did so in the gardens around the	pal-	fur his	followers. The Spanish risings
ho	n™ while out for a walk with	the	of 1873,	iiiHtigated by him, were full of
fully it may be, that the nearest sub
One day it happened that an officer	,
Together with George Sand and the] ^ the garrison wanted hia hair cut, | etanhal helP’ 80 far ae thw hm,,,re °t rolling stock with cars open from
i* concerned, must corne from India, | and to end, and having ample faoili-
with her large standing at my. 1 bus, I ties fur the provisioning of voyagers India is, with perfect propriety and e.n
Hut Kiwmid Michael Rikunin, Proudhon
and the regular company barber was I not to be found—out ou furlough, or I he Ku isian ap'stle, something, txiwlell volunteered to do
and could only was the cause of much unsettling of
men’s minds
Tommy Atkins would hardly expw:t to be accommodated with a sleeping car He would have just the same facilities as vided for immigrants in the ist, ' cars which cross the prairie, and he would h ive a wide choice of scen-
route
advantage, supplying the furst of the Hritish reinforce monts for the sup*
ftersuff-ring several years’ imprison- the job Alix of Hesse during a family party at mmnt in Siberia for his shire in the Copenhagen in 1894. He had made up German riots of 1849, founded the his mind long before that if ht mar-' Social Democratic Alliance in
'"Why, were you ever a barber f’ asked the officer.
'"Yea, I was a barber (or three years,' said Saw tell.
pression of the Boxers and their al
are pro" Colon-
I
lies
1869.
THE MOST IMPORTANT FACT at the mornwnt is that a very great
m-
ery. as well as a good time generally on the way jecti
i he only conceivable ob-
iiut theire the net is surely closing on the battered remnants of the Boer
on the part of the authorities
m
^ on Id be that this route would involve transhipment, whereas via the Mediterranean both men and stores could go " right through.” But would it not be w orth while to try the Canadian route, even experimentally ? This tive effects of a sea voyage are not I would at least give us knowledge of to be underestimated—it may be ob- itfl	ies, and that information
served that transport facilities would | might be of suj^rlative importance if be available almost an the instant
him
army, and peace may than is genevrally expected. Given that any large part of the troops are fit for another campaign almost immediately—and in this regard the reaiora-

come sooner
1 can prepare it air,' said Sawtell,
saluting
proposal was made
Did you ever cook V the officer
Yea. air ; two years’ experience,
i
ling few minutes that all "proposers know so well and remember vividly, often to their future discom- Princess. Probably the latter story is horrors
to have the more nearly correct.
air."
And that dish was a wonder. Three i. iin the same year the large day a later the colonel a horse threw a In any case number of young Russian students abue. The colonel wanted it replaced Possibly in some few cases Government charters have expired, but there
ever the Suez Canal should be impassable.
fort
Urn any doubt of the answer to be fhe **ne of the betrothal of the then in Switzerland, to which
given by Princess Alexandria, however ^>r*ince of Wales so many years pre- try Bakunin had fled from his native " Til do it, sir,’ said Sawtell. '1 was for she was as miLr-h in love wit h the V''»u.sly to the Princess Alexandria, land, were recalled to Russia by an & blacksmith for a year and â half/ /ip‘-looking heir to the British throne n,1Lst hive be n a 1 most coincident with Imperial ukase
the scene of the engagement of the
There never seeukt
coun- ! at onoe
is a large fleet still engaged in the ! work orf bringing home invalids and in
lie did it well, as he did everything taking out fresh drafts, to say nothing of the steam«*is which remain awaiting orders at Cape Town, to the
SUNBURN AND FRECKLES.
-
Advlrv it it «I 4 on-olatlon for I'rrtene U W hom II liter 1% Oltj.-rllonable.
I hey returned, as commanded, but By this time the officers had begun to took with them the seeds of Russian look upon Sawtell as a phenomenon ; anarchy, which was eventually to be- therefore, when our captain developed come world-famous as the dreaded a bad toothache, he sent for him. Nihilism
And so, after
ho was with h r
this auspicious day, "all went merry * zar an<* the present Czarina
Both these affections are eu used by infinite disgust of Norwegian undotb-| the action of the bun’s rays, but why
er ship-owners, who complain that one person tans while another freckles Did you ever pull a tooth #* he ask, their trading vessels receive but scant1 i# not easy of explanation
consideration from the port author!- feotione are an id to be caused chiefly *1 ties. Many of the transports, too, by the chemical or ultra-violet rays, are engaged in carrying troops and : but in the case of sunbrunitis proba-etcires from or to Cape Town, Port ble that the heat also has some ef-"Finally time was hanging some- Elizabeth. Durban, and Beira, to suit feot. what heavily upon our hands, and the varying exigencies of the cam one of the men suggested a concert of paign. There is no doubt, however 'some kind. We went to Sawtell in a that we have the ships for ihe c body to ask him if he knew anything veyunce of a considerable numbei of
men to China if circumstances l>oth
a
as a mirriugv b 11," and England welcomed th<* Danish conqueror once more to her domains with a welcome very different to* that uf Canute in 1010.
"When in 1874 the Duke of Edinburgh took to England hie Russian bride it was considered a good omen by the many Britons who still recollected the terrible days of the Crimean War
Indeed been good; there has been peace with that great notion for the past quarter of a century splendid surroundings could possibly be imagined for "proposing" than the precincts and salons of the grand pi lace at St. Petersburg, where the Lmi*rial family reside* was that the Russian Princess first received the proposal of the English Prince for her hand and heart accepted the "sailor and prince," whe-thix with or without hesitation we are not told
more lowly maidens, the daughter of
•	Czar would like being asked more than once, and would not be averse to
•	little pleading upon the part of her royal lover
Romanoff priai ceases are not lightly
won 1
THE MAN WHO HAD THE VOTE.
I he following is an un reported in-ci lent before one of the commissioners appointed to inquire into a certain English election petition;
What is your name?
George Jones.
The first signs of Nihilism, I albeit of an exceedingly mild type, ad wore crushed	'
m i
Both af-
Ob, yes,’ said Sawtell, saluting studied dentistry two years.’
"And be pulled the tooth.
WITH THE UTMOST SEVERITY
This brought about retaliation. Men
and women of cullure fought for their liberty of thought and speech with a;
The tan may comer gradually, without any burn, after a succession of
Well, what do you know of thief On the day of the election I went vagary that can only be appréciât-to the Spotted Dog,
What did you theref I see d a man.
Well, what did he do!
He gave me 5 shillings, and said howi I was to rote for


And thé omen has so far
slight and brief expwure* to the sun or to high winds*—for wind will tan ua well as sunshine
Dl
ed by those who know the ruthlesa-
nees of the Russ disposition.
These deeds of active retaliation lie-gan in 1877, whan about 10(1 of them ag were exiled to Siberia; and culminated in the aasaesination of Alexander II. j in 1881, by means of a bomb thrown beneath bis carriage. Among their other victims maybe mentioned Generals Tre puff, Mexentzoff, and Dren-tein, Commander Hezking and Prince Krapotikin.
about singing.
" '1 was leading tenor with a minstrel show for a season,’ he replied.
"As a result of his manifold accom-
Uusually, however, the city dweller get well burned during the few days of his vacatioi In the country or on the water.
In wvere cases the skin is red, «lightly swollen and the seat of a sharp, burning sensation; if the ei«
I

admit and require it. Roughly spi nk-ing, the voyage from the Cape to China would be nearly twice the pliahments, Sawtell was easily the length of that from Bombay or Calmest popular man in garrison. When- cut ta. It would be almost half as ever anything went wrong somebody long again as the voyage home to said, 'Send for Sawtell,* and Sawtell England if Taku were the objective, always fixed it. Therefore, the colonel and we know that the swiftest trans-
une day was deeply annoyed to receive porta between Southampton and the
a warrant from Trisco for Saw tel Ts Cape take from eighteen to twenty-
No more

Well, did you vote for Mr No, Sir.
What did you do then f Went to the Pig and Whistle, Well—«there ?
Then I we’d' another man.
What did he dot He gave me 5 shillings and said I was to vote for—
f
And here it
Pleure has been prolonged, or t he glare of the sun very intense, it may b<* even blistered


After a few days the bareness and beat subsides and
She
After the murder of Alexander,	.
however, the Russian Nihilists ad- aPl,reile‘“‘<«1- accompanied by a letter one days. The queation of coal sup-
stating that he was wanted in Nevada ply would necessarily be an important for some crime, I forget what

th* red color gradually turns to bro w n.
But probably, like even
dressed a memorandum to his son, Alexander III., in which they promised to abstain from further acts of violence if he would concede them a

The
circumstance in determining the route j across the Indian Ocean, for no trails
If the burn i* pretty severe, cooling lot ion#, such as alcohol and water, d&* port did the 6000 miles run to the ’ luted cologne water, a solution of biCape Without calling for bunkers en
route.
Doubtless, under the exceptional ditiona of the time, it will be es-
And did you vote I
No, Sir.
What did you do then f L went to thd Hod Lion. And there f
There I see'd a man too
colonel called Sawtell before him
I
" 'Sawtell, I have received a wart rant for your arrest,’ he said.
I "'Yes, sir,’ and Sawtell saluted.
"'You have become a valuable man here, and 1 hate to lose you,’ said the colonel, 'particularly am you will have to go to prison.’
'* Oh, that’s all right, sir,’ said Sawtell. 'I’ve spent four years in prison.'
"1 challenge any one to produce that man's equal for versatility," the lieutenant concluded.
carbonate of soda, or lead water, may b»* applied, or the skin may be smeared with cold cream, camphor ice, zinc ointment, or a mixture of lirai water
national assembly, modelled somewhat upon the lines of the British Parliament. This was a distinctly
And did he give you 5 shillings and healthy departure from ihe broad
lines of anarchy. Unfortunately, however, nothing came of it; and Russian Nihilism, albeit momentarily quiescent, is still a power to be reckoned with.

And we know that the


eential to send out mvn and stores and oil from England to a very considerable this
extent, and then arises the question ] keep out of t ho sun for a day or two,
w ill usu - lly suffice.
If blisters form, they should be Have we really got a short cut to I pricked with a clean needle at the
Some such application as
It wan i* 1R67 that two lovers might | t,H you to vote for Mr have been seen on a Scotch mooi in
v
t
the sufferer being careful to
He did oo. And did you Î No, Sir.
I
They had
the district of Balmoral gone out for the day with a party of friends, and, like many other lovers
a* to
WHICH IS THE BEST ROUTE
Why, here, on your own admission, from time immemorial, they had man-1 yoll have obtained 13 «hillings to vote aged very beautifully to lotte the party for ODe Q( tbe oumdidator, did you c*elios have hitherto failed to show
similar signs of grace. Their work
Th# other European Anarchic 11 so-
China, via the Atlantic, the Canadian most dependent part, and when the Pacific Railway and the Pacific ? One water has drained away they should fact has for some years been well es- be covered wtib a cloth spread with
that this is the one of the greasy applications just quickest mail route to .Japan by sev- mentioned.
and lose themselves and their nearest | vate at all Î Nevertheless they walked gay-
has been written in ghastly letters of
blood across the history of tb COB-
Because Rain't got no rote; it's my 1inent- w« in England have only been
father, George Jones, who's an elec- ,ree ,r<>m their outrages on account
of the protection.
WHICH SOHO HAS AFFORDED
No, Sir. Why not f
way
ly along back toward Balmoral over the sprigy turf, evidently anything but cast down at the loss
NOT VERY COMFORTABLE FORj tabliebeti—namely
THE LECTURER
Freckles occur usually on persons of learned I the Suez route so far as North China I % sandy complexion, especially those I is concerned. The mails, may, how- with red hair
A rather tntviflf story is told in | era I days, and a keen competitor to connection with a certain
Sudden
ly the gentleman spied a piece of tor white heather growing close by. He gathered it and presented it to thej| girl beside him. girl, barely 18 at the time !
l b y are not common in very young children, under 6
professor in England
He had been inked to deliver a 1. -lever, be left out of the question, for ture—which he readily consented to I a® the public knows to its cost, these I	or ^ years of age or	in persons of
do—in the village school room, and oo	do not always follow the line of least	middle or advanced	lift
the important night the place was resistance, whether at home or abroad.	c Jffle f°r th 1 firsi lime in sum
packed with an expectant audience.	The point is how far this all-British j	dm*1
The front seats were occupied by i	route can be turned to account in an	disappear in winter
few of the shining lights of the neigh- emergency like the present. The data J freckle do not tan as a rule bar hood, and apparently tbe lecturer are pretty well ascertained. A quick
their fugitives, and our national disinclination to interfere with liberty of speech les* amenable.
In Spain, for instance, there have been the Barcelona outrages, the first on November 7,1893, when a bomb
k
PECULIARITIES OF WOMEN
For she was a true

They usu
But she
Elsewhere they have been
Women pin from left to right knew the meaning of such a gift from j from right to left
such a person, and she clearly whit- from right to left, men from left to pered, "Yes," loud enough for the hap-1 righL Women stir from left to py lover to hear
reached home there hid to be a telling I from right to left to "papa" and "mamma” of something j know the difference between a right that had happened
mews heard was that the crown Prince I brings up a man’s boots she will,
ef Germany was betrothed to the En-	nine	times	out	of	ten, place	them soi raRe killed 15, and wounded 40 child
glish Princess royal.	that	the	points	will diverge.	members of a religious procession
White Lodge, Richmond Pa/k, was	___ Then, too, the strong hand with which I	hb lofty style and blandly remark-1 Canadian	Pacific	Railway	Company
the place where the Duke of York did	the Premier, Senor Canovas, punished	&d ;	This	gives	twelve	days	from	Liverpool I ai> woree lhaD lb(* l,lsease- h - *P°te
his "courting" of the Princess May, I CAN’I MAKE A MISTAKE. 1 this fiendish act was rewarded by the I And now, friends, in conclusion, a 1- J to Vancouver. A little time could be | u l* * ^1<b‘ oUl Bûure< or *ea6 coin pie * ly snd it is generally stated that it was Papa, said the boy, when you say in j bullet of Golli, who assassinated that I *°w me to say that If any one has a I saved, no doubt, if New York were j l3] v'in!' r 11 : v>	diaapptM r wn 1-
ln the	email hut well-kept gardens	your advertisements that your goods	Earless	Minister	in the	following I question to ask	I will do	my best to I utilized instead of Montreal, but the	ly in t*me-	In any «nse	they	are	not
round	the pretty maneien that he	are acknowledged by connoisseurs to	Jrear-	I answer him.	difference would not be very material |	P-rticu;	irh	die iguring
"went through the ceremony which, be the best, what do you mean by con- In Italy it ha® been much the seme, I H was a very old villager in the except in winter, and there might as the	old man said long ago, comm	noisseursf	Bt was an Italian,	Santo by name,	who! 1x1 ck ®*at wbo slowly	rose	to his feet	even in these days, be a conscientious
to all of us who want to be married, |	A ooonoiwur, my boy, answered the | «tabbed	President	Carnot.	I and aflked the	first	and	only que -	objection to the invasion ot American I	old	Milyuns—Vvung	man,	my
Prince George | great manufacturer, 1® an eminent j A SECOND COMPATRIOT, I tion.	soil. At Vancouver the Pacific daughter tells me you kissed her last
starry sssr?zz c:
' attempt upon Crispi in 1894, and Ac-1 pntkhing about I	very fine boats of 6000 tons gross and | privilege.
men
Women button
and are less in irked, or even
Persons who
For when they right, their tea,
for instance, men
Freckles, like sunburn, m ly be pre-
thrown from the gallery of the Liceo
Theatre killed 20, and maimed up-| was addressing the select few, for bel steamer can do the trip from Liver
t.ilke<l completely over the heads f | pool to Montreal in eight days, From | (era hi y red or brown
sometimes speak of removing freckles
I
Women seldom
vented by the wearing of a veil, preMedical b *>ks
And the next ,in<j left shoe
wards of 100 poor victims; and again on June 7,1896, when n similar out
and if a housemaid
the rest of the audience
Montreal the trans-Continental jour
At length, if the expiration of 11 tiey ie now accomplished in 100 hours I by ?l«< t i < ii y or by touch ch one couple of hours, the professor dropped by the Imperial Limited train of the Wlib a drop of
i
carbolic acid on a
t
glass rod, but such severe remedies



UNABASHED

later."
sooner or
meant business from the first, as ev ssiloi doe* in all that he under
The Priori went to stay for I be*t
ery
i
;


L

I*»

	
###PAGE###4###

r
F



.i

\

X

\
i

THt bQUITY. The Sec.-Treasurer in account with ——-	of Clarendon.
the township
Removal I
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . . .
SHAWVILLE, AUG. 23. 1900
DR.-—
DALE BROS.
V«> V ish on hniiil per last audit.............
Anvars up to .'Ust of May, J8l»t).......
T''fa! tax for 18ÎMI..................’
Anson Murphy, road labor........
balance due 8vc. Tiva.survv .'Ust May, l'.*00
ÇlLMK) 80j 102tl tHj
4h:>: vu
EDITORIAL NOTES
As will tv seen by announcement the Crown Lands Agent in another col umn, the Orderin Council by which the 11H0SI Quebec Government removed tho townships of Thorne, Clarendon, Bristol, Uns-1> w and Aldfield from the Coulonge agency and attached them to Mr. tiendrons otHee in Hull, has been suspended, so that matters have reverted to the position in which they were before the|'*"b change—a most nonsensical one—was made.
The Government made a mistake in acting independently of the wishes of the people or the advice of their représentative, Mr. Gillies, and we must commend the latter on having succeeded in getting the administration or the department responsible to reconsider its action. They should now go a step further and revoke the Order-in Council refetred to, and in future when contemplating any changes in the internal affairs of Pontiac, have re- j course to the advice of the authorized presen tat ives of the county, instead of being guided, (as seems to have been the case in the present instance) by the counsel of individuals who have in, or are In total ignorance of our own particular requirements.
80
t
f
HAVE
REMOVED THEIR
I'M) 10
$7574 <;:>
—on -
• »	1 \v W.U. LeRoy, telephone messages
A trips of bcv.-Trcas, ( « » Hi y 1 minute I wok for Council..
Alex Klliott, on ialary....
Deposited in Merchant*8 Bank.........
Ik B. Stevenson, repairs on bridge, . •Billies Klliott, cedars............ .
1'lios. Me Far lane, outside work...
Richard Richardson, cedars...........
•lolinG. McGuire, Kidney’s bridge .. •Mm Palmer, repairs un Ijiiyon bridge
1'honias Premlergast, bill..........
I bus. PrenUergast, exemption.......
Kdward Brownlee, cedars..............
D. McCleary, cedars..................
Postage, Ac..........................
"’• Rimer, search for letters.........
d. R. Horner, auditor.................
das. Wilson, exemption.............*
H. T. McDowell.......................
^ in. Ringrose, cedars................
I lios. Palmer, repairs on (Juyon bridge
Deposited m Bank...................
dohii Kittle, for cedars..............
K. W. Hodgins, auditor...............
Deposited in Bank....................
David Russell, cedars................
dolm Grant, cedars...................
wan, printing.................
Mrs. A Brazier, exemption.............
Deposited in Bank........
R AV. Young, team to 13ty Deposited in Bank........
hme
45
SAWYER-IV1ASSEY
Threshing Mills
Traction Engines
Rubber Belting,
Mill Teeth
in
Tinware Shop
sun
4 :>o
10
2 00 5 00 1130 25
10
15
17
75
to the premises on
Pickanock Street
recently purchased by them and recently occupied by Ci, W. Swatman.
28
45 17 J

$
5 ik)
1
1 05
i
2 00
fm
10 «»«»
33 50
17 37 J
10
9
in
10
3 00
Mig
7
1 50
15
1 34
23
Customers will find us with
1 00
25
4 50
A full line of Goods
Sept
1
80 80
1
2 50
for all kinds of
Threshing Mills.
)
2 50
ami prepared a* usual to execute all orders in the jobbing line in a prompt and satisfactory manner.
14
10 Wi
150 00
10
*20
2 50
Lt)
4 50
DALE BROS.
re <>ct.	4
200 (H)
»
3 00
3 oo
hi
READ TRIS
???????
And Remenjber It I
entraiT
ANADA
Exhibition Association
Ottawa, Ont.
24
John t
14 80 21 75 150 00
Smart & Smith
28
no interest Xov
8
11
2 00
son
15
100 00 100 00 200 00 10 00 150 00 100 00 20 50 5 00 13 00 10 00 loo 00 200 00 58 07 5 00 200 00
*20
do
do
21
do

du
Dangerous Derelicts
>.)
Robt. Workman, grant for road
Deposited in Merchant’s Bank.......
do	do	do
H. Mat In soil, jury list..........
d. Strutt, for attendance at town hall
S. Sinclair,.......................
John Brown....................
Deposited in Bank..................
do	do ................
d is. M. Hudgins, Hamilton’s bridge.
John Stewart, fur outside work.....
Deposited in Rank............... .,
Barker transferring money to Ottawa
Deposited in Rank..................
Deposited in Bank..................
Rebate, .las. Wilson, miller.......
pt book, and express charges..
R McCullough, cedars..........!,...
dohn Brown, work on biidgo..........
Deposited ii; Bank............... ,
d. K. dunes, cedars.................
dolm Beamish, cedars................
^ A Hodgins. for Council work,...
d E. Hudgins, bridge................
Darker, for draft...................
Deposited in Rank..............
— w
25
P. S,—Bain Waggons.
c
It is natural that the Quebec Chronicle Dec should survey things political much as its readers look over the waters of the St. I Lawrence and the sea beyond. Turning I its binocular over the troubled sea of Can adian politics, our esteemed exchange re-1 ports
4
r>
r>
ii
H

Patent Express
Buggy Wheels
“Abandoned portions of the Liberal platform are causing endless trouble to navigation in all parts of the Dominion, “lu the east we have the shattered
and dismantled hulls of the Fast Atlantic liners.
13
If)
15
15
4 no
In
200 on
220 IN) 11 GO
The dales for the holding of our Exhibition
this year arc from
I'd
In Ontario the economy pi ink is perpetually obstructing navigation.
“ Throughout the west the free trade timber are floating aimlessly about, but constantly getting in the way of the gov* i eminent craft.
, " 1 he latest derelict is the anti-Chinese plank which has turned up in the worst possible place, namely, British Columbia.
8ir Wilfrid incorporated this plank into the platform on the 20th of May, 1800, only a few weeks before the general dec As the timber was badly needed the premier wired to his western friends :
' ^ lews of the Liberals in the west will prevail with me. I pon this assurance the anti Chinese plank was accepted, but, like several others, it has been sent adrift HUH), from the party platform.	dnu\
Liberal pilots all over the Dominion are complaining that the waters they I to navigate contain many such obstrue tizns, not named in the charts iltea ted in any way.
“ 8ir Wilfrid Laurier must hasten to des*! 'v the derelicts, or take them in tow but it is feared they ate now too much water 1
I!)
and
20
lit
X
i
1 25 1 8<)
m

20
t

20

1 50



4
21
(Tired or not)
At Bottom Prices.
sVjcDOUGALL and OUZNEfJ’S Hardware Stores, 28
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
¦
100 00 2 DU 2 41 4 00
M
Entries close 13th Sept.
COLD MEDALS
in list am Special Prizes 1
The Largest List of Specials offered ! by any Exhibition !
LI
LI)
»)-


> 50

1 7f> 100 00 loo oo 100 00 loo 00 13 00 75 00 5 00
>*
28
1
(l
tion
20
do
do
>0
lo
d
J
\K-x. Elliott, fur notices... til'1 salary, Svv.-Ttva>
1 ’	• and -
MCMULLEN’S
POULTRY NETTINGS and LAWN FENCINGS

O I

tt lonery
o
No effort will I* spared to make
(Ill's
years Exhibition the best vxer held l,y the fl Association.
4
N. I.vitvit, ccd d Smiley, for s. Leitvh d .lin Drown, work________________
I
l IS
\ 80
4
Are not Surpassed in the World.
3	00 2 00
0	50 5 00
207 70
745 00
4	80 120 00
05 00
500 OO
15 00
1	OO

ave
>


III'1 grounds and buildings are now in
excellent condition and up to date in every respect
inlvrgast, flour for Mi
• (
Brazier
f: y
! Their
d’li
nor in-i
Pi
Dep<-sited in Bank
va



I 1
3
<1
d
have >t
il
1 over 15 years of successful ig on farm and railway.
n. Ma
L cedars itvil in Bank.
ht
Do,
i
?<?d to render the latter a jud
L'.t
1

l
ici us policy
1-el
«1

• 1 • . i
<i
MA in; THIS YKAK OX
will be the best that
can procure.
Much
Put McCullougl
^ l \ 8 tar xv. cedars 2 hooks, \ d. G. Kill M. JîingrosL
money
vdars
HOC FENCING.
These Goods are all manufactured by the Ontario Wire Fencing Oo., Limited, of Piéton, Ont.
For-;, I,; l.v"," Hardware Merchants and General Dente r> t luougliout Canada M 1 ¦ 1 ( ami nan Han*ware Jobber*
GEN. AGENTS
15
Ideals and Actualities
17
IS 1
0
85
lumber... advertising Brown, cedars....
lavs......
Modern and v
Realistic
Spectacular
" Battle of Paardeburg aqd Surrender of General Gronje.”
It is complained by a defender of Liur ierisrn that the dissentient Liberals not inclined to make fair allowance for the difficulties which in practice every Government finds in the way of realizing its ideals. The plea would have some eliect if any progress was being made to- ; wards the ideals.
Sir Wiifrid Laurier promised to take at least four millions off an annual expenditure of about foriy millions ¦ added twelve millions to it. as set out in the platform of the Government party contemplated a cessation of corrupt jobs. XVe have had the business is business " letter of one of the platfozm framers as a code cf political ethics, and deals, steals and jobs, one after the other, from the Yukon railway balloon to the dirty little emergency rations business.
Instead of public administrators of clean and inspiring record we have had the waste land of politics raked for Tartes and Blaitt and Siftona and Bord,-ns. Instead of statesmanship we have had the mean-1 .XX e ^ie undersigned auditu ness of the pettiest kind of provincial M>ur Secretary-Treasurer r politics thrust into the proceedings of Par-1 ccrtif>' tu be correct Lament, making the whole country ashamed. Experience forbids that any further trust should be put in men whose declared ideals only serve to make their actual performances seem more unworthy.
The Government is progressing away from and not towards its ideals.—Gazette.
t

4 m
50
are
Xpril
\N i

1 00
XVui. Lyi I'hvs. MvFarL'tne
17 50
Alsu
expt 11*68.......
XN in. .1. .l«.hiist«ui, work and cedars
J. Donley, cedars..........
Iî. XX . Raljd E. T. I V M 1
special superintendent f,»t < laiendt n Bristol Merchants Rank l
Mrs. M. S
7 00
I <r* Greening XX ire Do. of Hamilton and Montreal v- ",! for Railway Fencing: James Cooper, Montreal
E3^* Corresponde
4 00
40 00

h.ads
1 00
dli Manufacture!
iC€ i
ted
14
.s I
"'lllee, ciliars
1 50
21
21 40
XX
2\
(
Wq ntPri A Travelling-ïiaiIlCU General Agent
He has The ideals
2 50 04 28
Xpnl 28
This is the famous battle in whiek
Danadians took such a prominent and eMeet h e part.
See the Battle re produced on the Exhibition Grounds.
unry rate, lean, cash, $5 (Mi
our

0

exemption
§2.50...........
D. Caldwell, hoard hill »b»hn Palmer, cedars.. T hn Stewart
7 50
4.8 08 5 45
7 50 2 80 25 08 75 00 5 00 <m 3o
!»
12
It
expenses....................
Thus. Starke, cedars.......................
Palmer, Quyon bridge.................
Sec.-Treasurer’s salary up to 11th July, 1000
Postage and stationery.....................
Amount of arrears to date..........

20
o
An experienced canvasser, or a man with good character and address, with the necessary ability to travel from town to town and
Reduced Rates
on all lines of travel.
u
XV,


tl

1
O ——
For Prize list and all information write
appoint agents.
canvassing. Sabwy and expenses paid, tion permanent and promotion according to merit.
The Bradley-Garretson Co
?7574 65
E. McMAHON, Sec’y,
2(3 Sparks Street,
OTTAWA.
T. C. BATE,
Treasurer.
Posi-
J. U. Horner K. VV. Horn;ins
:
Nhawville, July 7th, 1900
Auditors
Wm. HUTCHISON, A). P.,
President.
Limited,
MERCHANTS* BANK ACCOUNT
—DR -
® ^ A N T F O R D & O N T» I ^KK M-assey Harris Co's Specials
ON i*A(.U I A AND IB Of Pnizi List
- CONTRA CR.—
1899
Mention this paper
Jg 19 T.° Am0.?nt lU‘P<*8i.tfd	251 June .4 By Interest and
Oct 4“	"	.. ‘mi rw	mg fund paid to
.....................
ir*5 --m
11 : ;; ' 88 <8 ** 8 " cix10 U"T
100 00 (lot. 9 '* D. Bussell, cheque
“g I	valuator....
,)ak ^ !	interest and sink-
» « m.	- >-..........
120 OO
«5 00
500 00
sink
.303 Calibre.
Our Statesmen Returned
“ 15 “
44 20 “
? 4
1500 40 10 00
Hon. Messrs Blair, Davies and Fielding |	4
arrived at Quebec on Saturday morning 1	4
by Steamer Parisian, which also had on I 44 25 “ board the venerable leader of the Opposi- Due 2 “ tion Sir Charles Tupper and several 44 6 “ wounded Canadian soldiers. Hon. J. LI 44 8 44 Tarte has arrived in Canada too.


21 4

Savage Magazine Rifle.
it
12 00
30 OO
9 4

copy
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
Ttie Only Hammerles Smokeless 6-Shooter
«4 15	«4

6 00
44 16
Finest and safest rifle ever made for large or small game.
Write for complete lm Catalogue.
The Klock Estate
One rifle takes six different cartridges Point Blank Range for Hunting.
4* J9 44
“ 21 “ 44 27	‘4
250 00
RMS OO., UTICA. N. Y.. U. S. AMERICA.
IT IS VALUED IN THE NEIGHBORHOOD OF
§1,000,000.
64 00 59 Of) 56 00
14 28
“ 29 “ 44 30 44
44
44
Mr. J. M. McDougal is arranging the affairs of the late R. H. Klock, the wealthy 11900. lumbermen who left an estate valued Man 6 44 at about *1,000.000. The sons of the deceased are James B Klock, M. P , of Nipiesing ; Robert, of Aylmer ; Dr W. H.
Klock, of Ottawa, and Alonzo Klock; the | Feb 7 44 last named inherits the homestead. The timber limita, covering an area of 180 square miles, will likely be sold in the near future and the lumber business in which the firm has been so extensively engaged, closed up.

Public Notice.
s
THE MARKETS.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT/ ARE HALF SOLD
Public notice is hereby given that the Valuation roll a* revised by the Valuators has been deposited in my office, and that on Monday, the 4th day of September, it shall be brought forward at
1433 73
*4 11	<»
<4 19 44
it
SHAW VILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 75c.
Oats per bushel, 26 to 27c. Pease per bushel, 00 to 60c. Eggs, per dozen, 11c.
Butter, per pound, 00 to 16c. Wool, per pound, 16 to 18c. Pelts, each, 46 to 75c. Calfskins, 40 to 50c.

it
May 31
To buy well, watch the latest price* an«1 Information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware end Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller end Stationer.
Samples free
MacLEAN PUB, CO., Limited
Amount of dis H count to date.... 31 “ Balance...........
!
“ 29 “

44
129 9.1

<
4
45
“ Amount received from
Bank of Ottawa, 4866 45 “ Note to balance deposited in S. B , 950 00
a regular session of the Council, the Valuators being personally present, and then homologated w ith or w ithout amendment. Given at Shawville this 20th day of Aug-
U8t> lm»	J. R. HORNER,
Sec.-Treasurer.
$11162 46
Examined and found correct.
J. R Horner,
E. W. Honours,
}
$11162 46
Auditors


V \
###PAGE###5###
\9
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No iilfi.
i Ï.QF 1
Consigned to Us... direct from Belgium :
A large stock of
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
rum,rsHKD kvkky thvrmday
AT BH AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION—fl.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped nut 11 all arrearage* e paid, uuleas by special arrangement with ubllsher.
m
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every mouth.
Court due* must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. fl. Baknktt, K.m
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
LIU
A. SMILEY, Prop.
/. A. Cowan, It fl.
J. W. Kadkm, C. R
GLASS
:o:
ADVERTISING RATES:
Inégal advertising. eight cent* per line for first Insertion and four cent* per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one inch Inserted at $4.00 per year.
Local announcement* Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and three ceuth for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given ou application.
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will he Inserted until forbidden ami charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry to cents per Hue.
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
Farmers
J Consider a Moment I
When about to buy a new Binder, why select one that is full of defects, when you can get one built on modern and correct principles ?
84- Nepean St., Ottawa, Ont.,
I of the following stock sizes :
7i X 8 k 10 X 12
Lumber rf All Kinds Bo# and Sold.
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commission Business a Specialty.
DOUBLE THICK.
X
12
24 X
lii
24
12 X 18
X
y
24
28
Z
12
X
20
X
The Frost & Wood
24
00
ree
X
12
24
KEnMKNUK* BY Permission :
Deals Murphy, Pres. Ottvws Transportation Co. K. W* Avery., Hull Lumbtir Co.
J. T. Hhlrrlll, E B. Eddy Co.
Lntchford & McDougall, Barristers.
John Hency A Sons.
Il N. Bate & Sou.
X 00
24
JOB PRINTING.
X
14
24
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order# by mall promptly attended to.
New
14
X
28
X
00
40
l.i
X
:i0
JOHN A. COWAN
No. 2 BINDER
Publltber.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOljN StylTlj, Proprietor.
s
18 X 24
tarmers, contractors and builders will save money by placing their orders for glass early with us.
*4
a iwr&yijs
Business Cards.

t «*
w,*T2
MEDICAL.
COMBINES ALL THE LATEST AND BEST IMPROVEMENTS TO BE FOUND ON ANY HARVESTING MACHINE MADE. SEE IT.
F.M.A. McNaughtoq,B.^.,M.D.,C.M. Tl,espot”pot Afo;-
(toD shaXo, or ,r CüT' lThe largest assortment of Curtain Poles and
A Clean Shave.
Graduate ok McGill University,*
0fflee —Residence of the lute Dr. II. M Knox, Shaw ville.
Trimmings in town.
BAR IRON, CHAIN, ROPE, OILS, PAINTS, WHITE LEAD.
14T Your Turn next.
Headquarters for
Stylish Rigs, Wagons, Harness, Harvesting Tools and all Farm Machinery.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.

I
l J
F. T. M. C
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow By examination of Trinity Me«l. College, Toronto. Omus axd Rkhihknck : J. If Armstrong’• House, MAIN STREET - - SHAWVILL*.
i
J
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and
JEWELLER
/
We are offering a very large and well-assorted stock of
Scythes, Scythe-Stones, Scythe-Snaths, Hay
Rakes, Grain Cradles, and Harvesting Tools
of every description.
A. SMILEY - SHAWVILLE.
3
LEGAL.
KFEP8
A HBLKlT STOCK OF
WATCHES,
CLOCKS.
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE
A'\ An.

m
\
8
BODRBEAU RAINVILLE, L L, L
,
i
J
CHINA DEPARTMENT.
M


ADVOCATE . . BKVSON,
WILL VISIT SHAWVILLE EVERY MONDAY.
'ft
.WkwriA 2fl
-41 &
u
Z5
V
Crockery aqd Faqcy China from far-off Old England.
Printed Bedroom, Dinner and Tea Sets. A nice and well selected stock of Parlor Lamps, Water Sets Table Sets, and Fancy Opal China, suitable for wedding presents. Call and inspect, whether you buy or not.
THE IMPROVED
Alpha de Laval
ItEMIIUNr,—
a See lALirv.
I
A J
r.x
V
W

WM. GAMBLE,
%
^#3

SHAWVILLE, Q.
U
BARRISTER, &c
Itoom 20, Trust Building. No. IS Sparks
St., Ottawa, Out.
At Shawvllle, necond and fourth Thursday
of each mouth.
VH ce—ox er G. F. Hudgins’ Store, Main St.
•t
District and Country.
TRY THEM YOURSELF.
I
/
O
a
P. S.—Arc you going to the sea shore or Norway Bay ? We have Trunks and Valises in abundance.
Here are the words given in the Pronunciation match at Chautauqua.
From the BufTtlo Express.
Chautauqua, .July 24.—The annual prize pronunciation match at Chautauqua was amusing and interesting athur. The amphitheater was well tilled by persons wh » were either interested in the contestants cr who were there to be amused.
The contestants were seated ru the plat form, 23 representing New Y< tk. Penn
^Clerk of the District Magistrates* Court. *JhaU!a, f	a,1(i 'J,f fr0,n thc reat of
trie world. 1 he words were thrown on a
factorlly,	them m turn, i tie contest was in charge
of IL f. > H Clark of the d irtment if elocution i f Chicago University.
The first pr2*ot$]0 vras won by Mrs.
Tillie C B. Ward well, Rutland, Vt. $ the
NOTARY PVBLI *. NOTARY FOR THE aecjtid pr.zj of frfi neat tv Mr. 0 R.
RELIANCE WAS ANDHAV1XUS Barnett, Olencoe, ill.
MONEY To".,,AN ‘on EASY TERMS.	""" M»»* ’
...- EEESSB N° difference
clu-vy, amenic, antarctic, ;.zea, asphalt, f fsaots, athlete,"aversion, aye, awry, banquet, bestial, betroth, biography, blackguard, blouse, bouquet, bravado, broom, brigand, biuir, burlesque, certain, chas ten, chastisement,
clique, compeer, communist, condolence, contumely, coterie, courtier, cyclamen, decadence, demolition, demoniacal, desperado, desuetude, daguerreotype, deficit, disputant, divan, direct, dolor, dolorous, donkey,
ANCFACTURIXG STATIONERS.BOOKSEL deramatis, personae, edile, equipoise, es-
some, gaunt, granary, grimace, gratis, halibut, harass, hirsute, holvenust, hyp
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County I ocrisy, industry, homeopathic, ignoramus,
business-like | implacable, indicatory, industry, indiss-and satisfactory manner. Goods or article# oluble, indisputable, incomparable, int prfvate'«iV'on¦ nho,p.rable, mtere.iing, intrig.
11c sale# conducted at Shawvllle once a i ue, integral, inquiries, inexplicable, joc
h'and for «»lef’offlo,0/	" »nd juvenile, lamentable, learned, litho-
: graphy, lithographer, long-lived, lyrist, lyceum, magazine, Malay, marjoram,
_ mediocre,mischievous, millionaire, misanthrope, monad, monadic, molecule, seum, mustache, naked, nasal, nectarine, nepotism, nescience, nuptial, objurgatory, obligatory, obsolete, occult, onerous, oro tund, opponent, ordeal, overt, overseer, oxalic, organization, palmistry, parliament, pastel, paresis, pedagogue, pedagogical, persistent, peremptory, picturesque.
. I The contestants went down remarkably
fast only 150 words being pronunced. I Q I I AQ VHI IMft The last man pronounced PIGturesqu e Oil— r\ O T w Vv I N vJ y
instead of picturESQUE Usually a much | STARKE’S CORNERS, larger number of words have been pro nounced correctly.
4:
BABY No. 1

CEO. C. WRIGHT,
t
)
wil! save you $10 per cow
per year
The prices are net at list to one and all alike
5 Ho
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C ,
¦
OK TBR PROVINCE OK QVEHKC,
m
Molsons' Bank Chamber* —
14 Metcalfe St., Ottawa.
mi
Phone No. 117)1.
Law busilies# in Ottawa and Pontiac District* attended to.

110

discount.
NOTICE.
CEO. HYNES,
W. W. IRELAND,
..r,
Write fur parlicit In rs to
fAi>

W. S. CLARKE, /
AGENT FOR PONTIAC,
MOREHEAD, - - QUE.
The Order-inCouncil taking
the townships of Onslow, Bristol, Ci/iren-1 don, Aldtield and Thorne from this A gen-1 cv has been suspended, and therefore p« pie having any busines-» will vorre-po with me as visual.
More head, A ug. IS. 1‘JUO.
\
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
• ! SHAWYILLE. - - QUE.


<
i

I
»f )

QUE
SHAWYILLE
I
!
i

Wm. CLARKE,
( '. L. Agent
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L
i i

’* ? *
; ? •
v ? »
A 1 argeAu'e 11 -se 1 voted and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
X

-y he
PORTAGE DU FORT
WANTED !
The fact that the name of
our place of business has been changed from Park man to Starke's Coiners makes no difference with us.
We are still in the old stand, doing laid-mss on the same fair, square-dealing lines and ever ready to meet the requirements
of our customers.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
I also ket p n complete stock of funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
ilLlFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT I SUuwvllle . Uue., respectfully *o!lclts erwA-jementutor any business luconnectlou with all Court it In the County, c’ollections m uleiud p-ompt return « Assured
B
clangor, clematis.
Roller Mill
cognomer, consummate,
An Activa Canvasser
In Pontiac County, to work
amongst farmers, to represent the LARGEST NURSERY IN CANADA,
GENERAL.
FRESH and CURED
J AS. 1IOPE& Co.
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
MEATS
M
During the present season we wish to direct special attention to our
NEW A\I) COMPLETE
STOCK OF

STONE & WELLINGTON, of TORONTO.
Permanent position to good, steady man; pay weekly, free outfit and good terras. Splendid local references will l>e supplied as to our stock and reliability, to assist in canvassing.
J. J. TURNER,
of all kinds at
Summer
Pontiac. Hales conducted In a
First Quality Flour.
THE SHAWYILLE
IV)eat Market
Goods
Apply to
tM' Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
C. K. GRIGG
which embrace a varied assortment of the newest lines in the market, and only need examination to recommend them to customers.

HOTELS.
RENFREW, Ont.
mu-
St. Lawrence Hall,
J. G. McGUIRE,
JOSEPH BROWN,
Proprietor,
Proprietor. | THIS IS THE SEASON

TEAS! TEAS!
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
FOR SALE:
FOR
Bristol Wharf
Our stock of Teas stand unsurpassed in quality and price. It will pay you to give them a trial.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bur al ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
A quantity of—
Ice Cream,
Fresh Fruit,
Choice Candies, Confectionery, &c.,
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
?
FERRY
ESTABLISHED 1886.
I
I
0


The Shawville
CHANCE OF TIME.
PATENTS
The undersigned having had two years' experience in ferrying passenger* between Bristol Wharf and Sand Point will continue to do so this season as follows :
FACTORY
SASH and DOOR
Public Notice.
60 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
i
All to he had at the popular Fruit and Grocery Store—
Leave Bristol Wljarf
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8.00 a.m., and 4.00, p.m.
[PROMPTLY 5ECUREDI
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Clarendon. I Public notice Is hereby given by the un dersigned Sec.-Treasurer, that the Collection Koll of the said Municipality of the Township of Clarendon, Is now made and completed for the current year- and also the Collection Roll for the .«aid Municipality for the current year, 1000. to pay interest and sinking fund of the Railroad [ Meeting all Trains.
Bonus. Both Collection rolls are depos ited in the office of the undersigned.
Jî VSVfS	I	|.. d, ..IHL, m, to.
sessnient are hereby requested to pay the ------ -----------=—1 i _	— j ^ome, * here many thousands rusned
amount thereof to me, at my office, within	somo months ago in expectation of mak-, x     _	_ . e . .	. .
I the twenty days following the date here-	The late Duke of Edinburgh carried ing their fortunes in the newly discovered ( turen» anc?K D % mpm ,us nw of Manufac-
- ‘ of without furtlo r notice.	, , one and a half million dollars’ insurance, gold-fields. Late reports from that over-
F,,u. Bnti.h	r«
Sec,-Treasurer. ' bad fire on the 16th.	Government will afford transportation to.
!
—ALL KINDS OP—
»
AT ENTS
Write for our interesting books " Invent-•or's Help” and •• Mow you ere swindled.'1, Send us a rough sketch or model of your in-, vent Ion or improvement and we will tell you< free our opinion as to whether it is probably 1 > patentable. Rejected applications have often! 0 i Jbeen successfully prosecuted \y us. We, conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal] and Washington ; this qualifies us to prompt-! ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patenta) as broad as the invention. Highest references] furnished.
Patents procured through Marion & Ma] rion receive special notice without charge In ] over too newspapers distributed throughout J the Dominion.
Interior & Eiierior
FINISH FOR
Souses Sc Verandahs
Leave Sand Point
D. WILSON’S
Everyday (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., and 8.42, p.m.,
Trade Marks Designs Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch and description may quickly ascertain our opinion free whether an Invention Is probably patentable. Communications strictly confidential. Handbook on Patents sent free. Oldest agency for aecunngpatenta.
Patents taken through Muon * Co. receive tptcial notice, without clmr*»», in the
MAIN STREET. SHAWVILLE,
MANUFACTURED.

Wl
GEORGE BALLANTINE,
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. At ,
Kept in stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT P0PULARPRICE8.


Scientific Hmerican.
«¦m
X A handsomely illustrated weekly. largest dr A eolation of any sdenuflo journal Terme. $3 a )	y oar i four months, $1. Sold by all newsdealer».


McCREDIE & HODGINS.

MARION & MARION


Patent Experts and Solicitor». >
' Now York Life B’kf’r, ftontrealc
Estimates farntahed.
Office.: |


I









###PAGE###6###
bush va and weeds along the road and perhaps to seed them to grams. A day in a year would clean up a long mt retch of road, and the time so spent would soon he saved by checking the supply of weed seed on the farm, adjoining. Some of the hushes may be large enough to cut up for summer wood, and some of the weeds may he fed to the hogs if cut before the seeds are formed, or they may he piled up and rutted, or all the hushes and weeds may he dried and burned on the ground, hut the main point is to put them where they will not cumber the ground any longer, or be an eyesore to passersby.
EVENTS HAY C0/1R AND (10, but. the high stenda-d of quality wtU
a) way* remain il
SOMETHING QL'ITH NEW —
TO BEAUTIFY THE HANDS
1
MINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
To increase the strength, symmetry au<l incidentally the beauty nf the hand, devote 10 minutes before you go to bod to muscle bonding and strengthening. Extend both arms at right angles to the body, the back of the hands turned upward. In this position the hand is to be bent upward, downward and sideways. With finger» first together and then extended and without moving the arm, bend the hands upward from the wrist as far as possible, then back to the original position, then downward as far ns possible. For the sideways
LUDELLA

CANNING FACTORIES.
One of the great needs of the far-toer nmny sections is the establish-tuent of factures for preserving their fru t and vegetables by canning ieivng and evaporating. Not only do these furnish
steady market for the surplus bui i hey can take and work up muoh that would not be su*table to send to market. It <s not always the best that -s most readily marketable. If the market *a distant, fruit and kinds of vegetables must be gathered before they have reached their best po'nt for eating, and the ripening dur-•ng transportation, or while awaiting sale does not bring out the best flav-O! that comes from ripening in the
field with the rays of the sun upon
it.
It never vsrlee.
In Lead Paokete. 23 30, 4P, SS and We
O
CEYLON OKBEN TEA
tamo Saver as Japan, only more delicious.
GUARD THE BABY
AOAINST
CHOLERA INFANTUM
2 il
pro-
HIS START IN LIFE.
u anre and usually
crops,
)
Weep I'ltifulBg 4way U the Ailtire of A 11 tu 11 lia It Nuw n llllllonulre.
"The point is,’* said a man who is worth a million or more, "that no matter how black things may look, a man wants to keep plugging away; he doesn’t want to lie down. No matter
Mast falsi during hoi wealher,
DR. HAM MONO* HALL'S ENGLISH TEETHING SYRUP
WIU POIITimr PMVINT IT.
• •RII, lOWIt 60NPIAIITI. HIVM, **D *u HmiM TIIVILII *• •PIATM. ¦» IITIIUIITIITUQTI
All Druggist., Pris. 28 Cte.
¦k® a,vwK «sasr*.
movement bend alternately toward the thumb side and the little finger side
»
many
SOILING SYSTEM
Continue thin swinging of the hand upward, downward and sideways for some minutes.
The •oiling system possesses much intrinsic merit ami deserves to he far ^ow Hltle he may get for his work
more extensively used than it is. even
t
that little is better than nothing, and
4
Hand rotation next follows this the arras are held as for the bending and stretching exercise even and constant movement the hand performs all the previous motions — that is, from the bending position upward into the bonding position sideways, downward, sideways in the up. posite dim lion and so on fingers are held together and then extended.
In
I
one thing leads to another. If you are around among people, where things are happening, why, you are just as likely to be struck by lightning ns anybody else. As a matter of fact I got my own real start in life out of the poorest job I ever hid, as far as pay was concerned, which Iliad taken rather than sit still and do noth-
on breeding farms, not to the exclusion or even limitation of pastures, but in aid of, as a reinforcement and I support during the dry season of summer and fall ; but no breeder of fine cattle, especially no breeder of Jersey cattle, who desires to maintain his herd in he.illiquid vigor, can reasonable expect to do so, if he attempts to dispense with pastures, keep his cows tied up all the time, or a greater part of the time. No improved breed of cattle ever was bred or reared in a hot-house, ami the time is far distant when we can dispense rn I with the^e great natural factors of health. Sunlight, fresh air, easy ex-| excise, good grass. The pasture is destined to continue for generations yet to come, as it has been in all the generations gone by—the mainstay the foundation of cattle breeding.
With
Mien there are the grades known is seconds, that are almost too good to throw away, yet * his had better he done than to mix them among the Cirsts, and in a season of plenty they scarcely pay for transportation parked by themselves. Yet at a nearby factory they might he worked up to I ho profit of both grower and manufacturer in one form or a not hi
In some sections of the Nor tin States the
MISQUOTATIONS.
"A man convinced againat his will will hold the same opinion still.** — "He that complies against his will is of hie own opinion still Hutlibrae,** Part III. was a maj of intelligence
to hi i it ub 1'hr.n.rN Him Irry lew IV«|tle
I m* Proper’}*.
First the
Butler, Butler a iso
‘Charity cove ret h a multitude of «.
mg
" Things had turned about so that I was out of work. 1 was a youngster then of 20. I walked to town, and I next went into offices, and stopped where 1 K«*rs are slowly hut vigourously bent saw work going on iu the street and enough to form a fist and are then asked for something to do, and I an- «gnin opened forcibly.
if
phis.”—"f h 11 it v -lull ever the molli tiger bending and stretching come I titude of sins.**
1. Peter, iv., 8. Hev. With arms extended the fin- I V ere.; "Love cove ret h a multitude of
WVUTSIAL H0T1L SIRKOTOSV.
Pins
The" Balmoral," free lus AVENUE HOU1E
tier 4 at
"Make assurance doubly sure.”— M ike assurance double sure.” "Mao-Fur finger spreading hold the tips of | both,” Act V., Scene 1. the fingers apart With arms extend-
er
8wered the advertisements in the
canning factories, by contracting with farmers near them to
newspapers; amt finally the best thing I could do, apparently, was to take this job without any actual pay, the inducement being board, with a prospect of advancement. The job was b irking for a steamboat at a seaside sum-
"Benedict the married man” hbould
grow certain crops fur them, have furnished employment for land
la nr that would have been idle with out them, and have paid fairly erative prices for what they wanted, and the farmers, knowing they had a sure market nearby, have bet Moved from the
ed as before and perfectly straight, he "Benedick the married After the spread the extended fingers | 'Much Ado About Nothing.” are brought together ng « in or n re
PUNCTILIOUS ABOUT THANKS.
A Western paper prints the following singular card of thanks.
Mr. and Mrs. Ileays hereby wish to exprww their thanks to the friend# and neighbors who so kindly assisted at the burning of their house last Monday evening.
man.”
nul
Falleth as the gentle dew.”—"Drop-
Merchant
tightly clenched, this latter action in- ' peth us the gentle ram creasing the effect of the exercise. | of Venice.” Act IV., Scene 1. Both the muscles of t he hind and
re mu li-
mer resort, and the prospect of advancement whs to i he place of deck-_J on the ly*af. Not a very profit-
l had made
"The tongue I» ,n unruly m* mber.” of the forearm are exercised by these | -"But the tongue can no man tame; movements
THIS ART OF HKD-MAKING
n re-
lief ore making up the beds see to hand it tbit tbe rooms hive been aired. On
necessity of going
with no pay for
corn canning factories of Maine and the
ncries of Massachusetts are notable instances, while in the blueberry regions there are thousands who more money or at least
and after due time if it is an unruly evil
James iii., 8
males to sell their products certainty of realizing fair their labor. The
able job, but I took it
,
there is no noticeable gain in suppleness of
Perhaj* the commonest of all miswrit, contour of arm and | quotations in the English language shapeliness of the hand there is only | tin* phrase, "to the manor burn,” for one reason for it—you are looking for | the true form results a little too soon.
a clear, sunshiny day op*n the win-
ll a P'bnt all my life to keep a-doing,
dowa b,lf,,r'1 bn'lk,ast :,nd 8tr“' thB *U,I l thought 1 liftier do this than bed, hinging the clothing over chiirs
OVHIt FIFTY YEARS LOWS SOOTHINO ITRÜP Im r eeei hr «others 1er their chlldree teeth leg It ee »• I the ehiUi, seCess the gume, Alleys pels, cure# wi eolk aa4 lithe beet remedy (ta dierrhess. 2So a beitle. •eM hr aA imgglsle lhrvu|fcuut the wc-M Be eai eei fee Mrs. Wlnslew's k-.oUiiua I y rep. *
PO
IA
MM. WIN#

nothing
tomato can
to the in inner born
near t ho u in (lows.
Allow the rooms to air for a couple
And It wasn't a had job, by any
...... means, as fir is simple comfort went;
of hours and shake the bed clothmg , g0, ,nougU tu eat aud good food>
free of dust. If the day is rainy do
1'roUibiv even tJie
speaker who I quote* thi« Shukvsperean phrase correctly will find «orne quotation# in the following list which have hitherto . canard him to «tumble. The misquotations Come first in this list, then
earn
*nd it was healthy, outdoor work, and uot open thv beds while I he room „	, bad good lungs ,„d u
They will gather moisture if cincb to me to „!aud tm tbu wba,.( aud
On .1 d imp .1 : V hang t he shuut ^
bedding to air in the rooms with i he
NOTES FROM A WEDDING
receive more money for gathering the wild fruit during the few weeks it is fit to pick
than they see in all the rest of the year.
^ hat has been done by these factories might be done by many others in other sections. There is but little danger of the business being overdone in a few years at least. We well remember when uot
GOOD THINGS TO LEARN.
Learn to laugh. A good laugh better than medicine.
Learn to at tend strictly to your business. Very important point.
Learn how to tell a story. A well-told story is as welcome as a sunbeam in a sick nom.
was a
All the girls were in white mull, and the men in white duck.
Hiring, foil do
name of the boat, and tell about the round she made, and its attractions ; but it was clear to me from the start 1 wasn't going to get promoted to deck band
Wasn’t there any color about the
the correct rendering "A little knowledge is a dangerous ; wedding at a Ilf thing. ’—' A little learning is a dan-
own
windows closed, mike up the beds and
Yea. the groom had red hair
air the rooms again after the be Is hive been made up.
The moHi imiKirtunt part of bed miking is to get the sheets properly ad- Lands were all husky young fellows justed. Wrinkles in u sheet are an who liked their work, aud they all
sscsm	rl " "	"»
so that it cannot be j vked down by aU(l 1 8ta>'ed on llje wharf ; and as j not see any good in this world, keep
far as 1 could see
gérons thing.”
Criticism.”
Toj»e, "Essay on Misquotera are la re by given notice that Dope was a man of intelligence and did not
WPC 1037
The deck-


CALVERTS
write mua-
i
Learn to stop croaking If you
a grocery store had oannej fruits and vegetables unless Borne venturesome one engaged
"hom they thought skillful
season
OirSollo Disinfectants. Sea pa, plnf ment, Teeth PewMere, eta., have boas awarded 100 modale and diplomas for seporter excellence. Their regular use provost lafootl
. Auk your dealer le obtals e supply. Lists mailed free on application.
r. C. CALVERT A CO.,
can-
«en.se
the bad to yourself
a wo-It lie rent less ness of the sleeper.
The top sheet should he tucked in Hiiîii r itp to tui? t * «t n*v ,	,	_
tightly at the bottom so tint it can-	^ L,A‘ 1 AJA'* Learn to keep your own troubles to len m'lll<m dollars annually
not easily be drawn out of place. 1	1 was going to get out of it was yourself. The world is too busy to oare Bp,ld,,d 11 London for umbrellas. The
—»	, .,'\sz m &%%%%	zr: I ",,ur - - — ' I	—
hem turned uppermost, su t li.it when ,	v
it is folded hick over the coverlet the ,hf* u*,en air* aud tfaen on the last day right side will be exposed
UMBRELLAS IV LONDON
OUe diseases
man
the 1 j
I
at
is ex
mess to put up a few jars, xml that was more frequently in i he form of jam
MAN
Dyeing I Cleaning I
where the flavor of the fruit ly was enough to give a taste to the
Learn to greet your friends with
ïpZrI«5.ÎÏSrar.:;:.-
I 11 was in September, a windy,	every I,one. mbscle and ligament is
blustery sort of day, uot much of a Learn to hide your aches and pains ! ”?ade. to feel *Ls beneficent powers.	^
Am Elderly Liidv Tell» Oi Her lure Tkronuh day to go sailing in, and pretty much under a pleasant smile. No one cares ; emllIle ls * wonderful remedy, CfttllOllO PrSiyOf mtims, S
z::	- » «¦- **•——-| .^r..........................	.....	csss St
mtm., ill! brTqhts"	Brass Band
only stay there a minute, for the few	V	1
’ People that were going, and that was I . I llCCAOC Jack-lndeed J would.
8 B |	tMot dess—All right Do and make love to
that A11 bright girl and then let cut her out.
scarce-
a
The Power of Electricity
I
For the very beet send your work le the
sugar. Now the shelves of the He covered with tin cans, glass jars,
tumblers of all sorts and
“ BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO."
Look for u»i in your town, er seed direct.
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec
i
grocer
DYSPEPSIA AND HEADACHE.
md
S'zes,
koiir' of the fruits aud Vegeta des in the e packages are almost
as good
* " ben first gathered. The trade even

Q°w unci eases faster than the supply
ioes. Scarcely a season but that J
pncos are marked up before the close
or the coming in of new supplies, not
on one product alone, but on
The farmers, gardeners, orchardisla bered by thp hundreds of thousands
ind small fruit growers should inter- and th(KS4‘ afflivted alwa>'8 fepl tired
worn out and miserable, and are sub.
I
Instruments, Drums, Uniforms, Etc.
many
Every Town can have a Band
Lewest prices ever Quoted. Flee eeiaiofes tret lot» mailed free. Write me for meythlng la
Muelo or Musical Instruments.
Whaley Royoe A Co.,
tst themselves in this. The withdraw-tl of this surplus from the open let will tend to keep prices more form through the season, and yet courage the production of more.
It »s not necessary to wait for r cap'talist to come along seeking for a place and a business to invest his money, or for a " promoter " to offer to erect a building and furnish chinery at a pr ce about double what it should be. This has been done the cheese factories and
enough. Dut with that wind there
ject to fits of melan h >ly or Ü1 ti m psi ü i h< u t up pa i enl ca u e.
obvious ih«t the human body, in or- '-oat rolled a little, and pulled the rod der to perform its functions, must be	gangplank off the stringpieee
properly nourished, and this cannot «"d dropped into the water a little
j l»e done when the food is improperly
1 boae w ho suffer from in-	aboard with her father and
mother j,ust for one last sail around
mar-
lt jq was a little bit of a sea on there, the
me
is the deadliest and most painful malady to which mankind is subject. Dodd's Kidney Pills will cure any case of Bright's Disease.
They have never failed in one single case. They are the only remedy that ever has cured it, and thsy are the only remedy that can There are imitations of Dodd's Kidney Pills—pill, box and name—but imitations are dangerous. The original and only genuine cure for Bright’s Disease is
DODD’S KIDNEY
PILLS
UD1-
LAW
MILLS, MILLS A HALES,
Bsirtsterv, «to.
Removed to Wesley Fulldlses Richmond SL W., ToruotsT
en-
FE YEN YEARS
Of suffering relieved in as many days.
BEHrraiS ;
ily successful in removing corns. Take ' —	BWWBt»IWWfo
no substitute, however highly recommended. Putnam's Painless Corn Extractor 's the l est. Sure, safe, and painless.
girl about 8 or 10 years old that was
digested
digest ion sh«Ml t exercis»- cue as to diet, and only easily digested foods before tbey went a«ay-should 1* taken. Hut more than this " Well, now, I jumped into the wa-
ma-
jis required — t he blood needs atten- Ier and held the little girl up till some 111 jtion in order that the stomach may body could reach down from the wharf be strengthened and tlie secretion of and get her. Really it wasn't auy-the gastric juices properly carried on. thing to do; I was a good swimmer,
There is no other medicine offered the and a strong healthy chap
public that will not so promptly and wasn't anything more for me to pick eifectively as Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, up that litiJe girl than it would have Proof of this
-Wood * Photo.Engraving pfJ.LJONESF.NGC9
6 8 io ADOAiDLiiw Toronto:
creameries, but they have not been as profitable Usually to the farmers as those built and managed on I be co-operative plan, by which each one in working for his own best interest works for i he interest of all. “One for all and all for one ' is a good motto for any people who are united for any purpose.
As the creameries and cheese factories in many cases have found it for their.advantage to have the machinery and convenience for making either product as they see fit, or as the demand calls for, so also a factory that could can goods of any of the various sorts, or make jam, preserves or marmalade, or could evaporate fruits as might seem most desirable, would perhaps be a better investment than one which could do only one of these things.
TIMELY WARNING.
Tommy. Can you swim. Mr. Soft-Boa pi
Mr. Soft soap. No. Tommy; I’m sorry to say. 1 can't s\\ira.
11 miny. 1 hen you had better learn. 1 heard Clara say that she ing to throw you overboard.
and it

LADIfS a
$H°e i<j
DRESSING;),®
MADE BT
PACKARD,.,
is mivAiti rot
lilt ItATItl son AM t rtlAlU M
ft* Mm seen m m
net ssnsiNc mch puimi cmm»s liimi
M Ut*WH AMI A Ml |f fill!


is given m the. case of been to pick up a bundle in the street; Mrs. F. X. Doddridge, St. Sauveur, but do you know, the child’s parents Que. In conversation with a report- looked at it differently ? They did, for er, Mrs. Doddridge said:—“For quite a fact; they thought it was a fine a number of years I have been a ter- thing for me to do, and of course the rihle sufferer from dyspepsia panied by the sick headaches that a I- him when 1 come back td the city, most invariably come with this trou- w hirh, of course I do. And for a fact, ble. I suffered from terrible pains the vest was like what you read in
in the stomach, bloating and belch- story books and in stories in the news-
All food seemed to dis- papers. He was a good man, for sure;
and you can bet your bottom dollar that 1 did the very best I knew how to do for him ; and that was the way I got sure I started.
I

was go-
Dodd's Kidney Pills are fifty cents a box at all druggists.
t
old man wants me to come and see
iccom-
HOW’S This ?
I
y* e offer One Hundred Dollar* Reward foi
&%cZrhcZ hM °“n0t * ,nr*d b’
F. J. CHKNKY A CO.. Prop*, Toledo, 0.
We. the tinders xned. have known F. J.
A short time afro, at a school in LfSofi/h.»»0,WfiPMi«“SîiS the north of England, during a lea- lorn*, and flnanclaliv able to carry out any obll-
The All-Canada Show I
i Hï, * (yaUrrh Cure I* taken Internally, act-
AUQ. 27th to SEPT. 8th.
"tfJr.	,r~

SURE HE WAS RIGHT
ing wind
agree with me, and as a result of the trouble, I was very much run down, and at times 1 was unable even light housework. 1 am
l IIPACKMü&tn MONIWAI
son on
e*r put the following question.
Can any boy name to me an animal of the order indentata; that is. a toothless animal?
A boy whose face beamed with pleasure at the prospect of a good mark replied?
I can.
Well, what is the animal?
My grandmother, replied the boy, in great glee. .
A
Died a score of different medicines, but without success,
“ Now, there was whit you call a md as I am I chance, an opportunity ; but I never sixty years of age, I had come to tie | would have got that chance if I hadn't lieve that it
1900
TORONTO
Exposition and Industrial Fair
CLEAN THE SIDES OF THE ROADS
CARELESS COMPLIMENTS
was hopeless to expect J been around where something was do-A friend who had used Dr
J. So you told Mrs. Cunningham The that she looked as young as her *
daughter. I eupptse that caught the old lady?
H. Y es—but it lest me the daughter
There may be a picturesque beauty » cure, in having the roadside covered with I Williams
ing, would I t That's the point, you Pink Pills with good if-1 went to i p a-plugging away weeds and bushes of all sorts, even [witi, urged me to try this medicine, I something as artists often profess they see beau- and my husband brought horn»
Cooulry's
Greatest
l
Don't go off in the woods
a and lie down where there won’t any-Before they were | l»ody see you, but keep in the swim 1” but it is aot a beauty that appeals I finished, 1 felt much Wdter, and we
to the eyes of the thrifty farmer. Art- I then got another half dozen boxes.
Ists also assert that the line of beau- I md these have completely restored iy is not a straight line,” but what I my health, and I not only feel better farmer wojuld not prefer to see a field I than I have done for years, but ac-In which the rows of plants are math- tually feel younger. I very cheerfully ematically straight than one in which I recommend Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills they curved like the course of a snake. I to similar sufferers.
ty in tumble-down buildings and ruins | couple of boxes
1
t
<
All the Latest Neveltl
Many direst
1
Don't you know better than to tackle a man for a dime when he is talking to ladies ? said the citizen on the street corner, fumbling in his pocket, and finding nothing less than a quarter, which he reluctantly handed out.
All have not the ability to plow a I Jf your dealer does not keep these I ^	} .v»u under Lind t»»> Lus.iw**
straight furrow invariably, nor has ; pills, they will be sent postpaid at I ‘,fr! n	°V	i ? r °U
buildings In good repair, but almost #* 50, by addressing the Dr. W illiams J his greasy old bat at a pronounced
find time to out down Medicine Ca, BrockviUe, Ont.
»
i
M^p-rùf Tes OtunA^/ltcts
The Marvellous Resources of our own Country Thoroughly Exploited.
Brilliant and Realistic Battle Spectsd*
I
\

TM1 eiEOE OF MAFBKIKO:
fa
AND ALSO THE RELIEF
Timely Arrival of Canadian Artillery,
:

Entries close August 4th.
EXCURSIONS ON ALL LINS# OF TRAVEL,
For prize lists entry forms, etc., eddr Andrew Smith, F. R.O. V.8. H.J.HW,
*
fliASmu
<4
every one
471/
h
angle on the side of bis head
!
every one can
ol
m
r 1 X
t
/

;
r
v


I > 4 9	j


J -A..


\


###PAGE###7###

1

^ |he Home j
smooth, serve hot on small squares of toasted bread.
VWWWWWWWto»
»
n.!xt two days |t Is 02c, and the last
Î Agricultu ral
I	i Poorest can enjoy the best English
ELECTIONS OF PRESIDENTS
M OF MISSIOMM
Fritters.—Add to 2 cups of stewed squash the beaten yolks of 2 eggs, a dessertspoon melted butter, 2 table-soon ns cream, 2 tablespoons flour or bread crumbs, and seasoning to taste, The temperature of a bouse in thoroughly together, and fry in summer or in winter depends to a spoonful# in boiling fat. large extent upon the proper manage, meut of draughts and the general aare of house in respect to heat. There are many houses which would be comfortable
’l'-lluwlt Tbiil In- A«l i, pi* «I In flic Tern If *1*	of ilie World.
THOSE LIVING IN CHINA HAVE rH*
BEST SALARIES.
.	. Of the twenty-six republias In the
Among I he «pcci.il features I hie world fourteen besides the (/lilted
a horse-aihoeing rompetl- .Stntee elect their Presidents.
m winch 4f> blacksmiths compel- theory the United St,tea do, by in-‘d, ifcf uree and demonsUation*
dairy topics; lecture* , eh^p-sli erring machine* milking machine# at work
KEEPING A HOUSE COOL
THE 110HN FLY
y<nr were
During l he
summer live stock
an in
«Ml Tillage Are lqian||«*d hr
i'lioriinme < oiilrllinlliia. by the l lflrr. «•hi l'«Min rlf* of ill». World.
1 h«* i.!.-s.-rif trr UWe with th< B ^rl ind, is the Legislature of the 1,1 (	^ IH *#rvwj, to bring the mis»
Ihe count ry met in joint eeaaion of the tiiun ,ry. P-irticularly the one in Chine, two houses
ion
Peril* —
especially milch cows, are terribly lor-m<aied by flies. Perhaps one of the most annoying of tbeee pests is what
B'evf a la Mode.—Buy (he part of]ia knowo 18 horn fly, because of (he	round of boef generally sold for	itM	bêbltê of resting at the base of
,-t	roast and prepare in the follow-	til0	borns. The annoyance of th<se
which him converted into veritable	m inner: Put into the kettle a few	und olb*r flies causes a serious shnnk-
svens by having the coning of the	slices of pork and one large onion	a*B iu (be milk yield arid progressive (hnf ,.	. .
upper room, placed adjacent to the	eu» In al.ee., two or three clove, and	dairymen have tried many remedies	at. ,he ,tttB "how ">
roof \\ hen thi. u the case the bouse one peppercorn. Let these cook for or preventives in order to keep them	. b( °
Mnnot he made cool in eummer even .bout ten minutes, then add the beef «way. In some places these prevent»-	'"at none of ,h m
though	.t	be	thoroughly	ventilated.	with	It, larding of pork and let it sear	t.vea are more effective, ban m ob,rs,	euff,c,ent
T	ere	should	always	be	an	attic	over	on all sides. Let the beef cook	hu/t	f^b oil p.nis to be the most ef-
1 °V®.	room8 of the house wit bout water for twenty minutes, Active of (hem all. It is slid to repel [CAUSE AND REMEDY
"buuld have a current of air	(hen pour in about one quirt of boil-	for from two to sir days, but this de-,	MILK
~ ¦ asr=ÆÏ ===*'-• “ »—=HSrE
wool, sawdust or some material which P ’ 1 b< Poches should be liberally	I changes, are not very common and
neither heat nor cold will penetrate 8prmkled witb BU«ar and altowed lo ,	, Kaneas Experiment Station will not usually appear in clean and ,,
A house protected in this wa> is cool 8U,ld while the ta*,ioca soaka (or at r,<*d vur“>a« substances and m.xturei j well-regulated dairies. Some!,mes It Y" . yr.eneea* ^ween France	„)fle wh..r, f. . ...	, . .. ..
ïïs :;zira‘‘-a - -P'S?	îï£zrzzrw	r;rr-irr-rrf
when it begins to boil add the tapi- ter> 1-2 part; fish oil, 1 part; oil of	bacteria that get attached to the cow’s	tw° offlcers oaIled figuiers, one ap-	ln	‘Iici°nesn, MO to one In
drained from the water. Sweeten <ar« 1 part; k*rosenç, 1 part; water. 3	body in the pastures or swamp#.	ly’in,od {or ,ifH by the President of	^	1 *'	"n.	* 0u0 ever^ m
with onc-baif cup of sugar «and tdd P&rts. Pb*w? the resin, soap shavings Often the trouble is spread from Frunc*’ tbp olber for three years by ,	K'-mg to a pan. ibis so-
ft small amount of salt. When the 1-2 part water and fish oif together 1 one farm to all the others in the -om- 1h* Spinish BisboP of Urge!, have! ' j ,y? 1 tnf^ .leM to a mtrri6'i tapioca Is clear remove from the fire ,n a receptacle and boil till the resin muni:y through exchanging cans at flom® of tbe povvors ot a President, I ür,.f	'	1	*
and pour over the peaches. Lot this 19 dissolved. Then add the 3 parts of tbe creamery or on the milk routes nn<^ ar® ^b-5 same time judicial of- .	° *lpan
mixture bake slowly tor thirty minu-j wafer, following with the oil of tar	In such a case the remedy uj a com-	flCerfl*	Chin, tV \ *	g™'r(i SCiIh’ 1>tyin* ia
les. Serve finally with whipped, mu d with the kerosene. Stir the	Pkte sterilization by super-heated The smallest and oldest republic ofj	f|rat f,>	8	ng ^ man per annum' th*
cretim-	!	mil!uro W8,I aüd allow it to boil for |	stenm of all cans that are used for	the world, San Marino, a little coun- ‘
Banana Short Cake.-Bannna short- 15 mina,<‘8- when cool the mixture distributing milk, followed by a tr? of thirty-two square mi las, lying very good substitute for w ™d? for	should be stirred washing of the cows' stalls in dairies
straw.berry short-cake and is made in fluently while being applied. | where the trouble bis appeared, exactly the same manner. The cake Tbe mixture costs about 30 cents 0 her kinds of bacteria cause such is baked, cut open and spread with:9 gallon. From one-eigh! h to one- troubles an tainted milk, blue milk, butter. The bananas, sliced and; half pint is sufficient for one appfi- r«d milk and soapy milk. The sugared, are put between the layers, nation. To apply the mixture
The air of the house is o I r th I over ih(S ll>P Ü preferred. Like brush is essential, and nothing the air outside unlesT ther^i^^ ln	atrawfuerry short-cake, this is much	satisfactory than	a large painters	following wifh disinfection of the	! of lbpir own members; three ballots	(tv.
in the room In that* • ^ ^ .k “ ,!r®	lmProved if whipped cream is poured	brush. At first it	is as well to make	8ta'b|« and thorough cleansing of	ore thp” given to every voter; each	c|ptjpg
d,: , n .	/' M 01 Ae lrt v'in’	over ft. but. like strawberry short-	an application for	two or three days	(be cow.	with the names of two of these six;
¦haded from the sun^in Tron^or °"ke	“ 18 deiiciou11 wilbout the SUCCPsa,OD- Afterwards an applies-	— *	^	Plaoe “ the Cathedral of missionaries. One missionary organ-
krick oven which is easily cared for on	^	wU‘	TuT,"* ^	°k “kVk ,Zltlon also P"vi!«, what It calls an
baking day. when it ia needed ia a Co“ee Cream-Put two tablespoon-	C"we' «‘anding in water and	MONGOLIAN LABOR.	T,he b,ll<’t bo1 “ Pliced « th= bi^b "outfit." at an expose of from *100
treat convenience in a family’where fuU 01 .Ke,“ttne to soak m onv-halt,' r"°° "u.. tbrough weed* andrl T|	--- altar and after the ballots have been to 8m This consists of furniture
all the baking „ done at home The Cup oi water- Than add two table- tirU8b and rubbm^ «F»-"»1 'r.Vi. often TU, Tl,„ t,i. .. w ,i,.rd a iT..,k„ depomted a ohlld draws one at random anil clothing. Another society pro.
real of the cooking for a large family SP°°nfu'8 °C •tron* coftse- and	^ °f milture- In the T .	“ U"fR'm the urn' A Prieat tbe0 an* vides furniture and the house only
•an then he done with a summer	hlU Cu^ ot eu8ar' d»««®‘ved. m	«no-	®8** f “ we“ to retouflh tb® unpro-1 ,Latx*r ln Cblna varies in its	effi-	“ounc“ 'be names on the ballot and	The houses would be considered	pi
itove, which is kept burning onlv	half cup ot woter- Lo' 'his	mixture	*C plrts- 11 “ often more econo- ci<‘nc)' “ coord mg to place, and,	curl-,	‘h« persons thus named become the	I„ this country,	but in China	they
while it is in use. Gas gasoline and st*“d tha ioe until It begins to , DoL atl<,mpt to Piotect the uusly unlike Europe, seems to vary Presidents of the Republic.	are substantial wh»n compared with
Improved oil stoves are’ best for sum barden' 'hen beat in one oup of *“ 'r* a",ma1' but on|7 'hose parta , ""«rsely with the temperature., of The terms of Presidents vary from the houses of the natives me.. They are all virtually vas whiPPed cream. Set it again on ice "° reuchtfd by the head or tail. This	climate, says a writer in London 811 months in San Marino and one of the foreigners are placed in walled
itovea, the fluid being converted into	UD!|1 11 hardens.	mixture is very sticky and for this , Telegraph. At Tien-Tsiu and	the	m Switzerland to seven years in	Inclosures, called	compounds, been,,,
(as before it reaches the w ick The	Watflee.-This recipe calls	for	one	"eSon “ not recommended for horses, j ”<«"theru ports it takes much longer to I	France. Only one French President,	of the
•Id fashioned oil stoves were u vexa	quart 01 f,our *nd two	teaspoons of	.	' ^ perfect,Jr salc and 10 no esse has	Il«d and unload oargoos than at the	however, has	served his full	seven	vailing
lion to the spirit because of the fr.	baking powder. Add	three table-	‘	aPp<are<1 detrimental to the health	part' ot 'he Yang-tse, and the bus-	years, and he	was forced to	resign The travelling expenses of	the mis-
quent spasms of smoking which over	8P<>ona of sugar and a	sal'spoon of	®	1,6 ammal- There ere those per-	‘““dry of the soil shows leas oare in	ln bu »«»nd	term. Three	other	sion tries are paid by the	societies
same the best of them It is easy to	8alt' Add tw0 tablespoons of butter.	,P3.,° m,J “ol wa,lt “» take) the	he northern provinces than it does	French Presidents were forced	to re-	sending them our. They h.vea vac a-
keep a house cool if the rooms are Beat *our e«*a and stir '#>em into) , "T t0 m,ke tb« above mixture. Iower down- In fact, the northern- 81«n and was assassinated. In than of a year at intervals, deter-kept from the heat of the roof if the one Pint milk, add to the other in- .	^ Caae we recommend fish oil, seem Inclined to hibernate and 'he Central and South American Re- mined by the nature of the climate
shutters sre properly closed	during	kredtents. B.-at the mixture tbor-	WblCh 01 n ^ Purchased at any drug- al,olt" the rigor of the winter to un-	Publics the term of the	President is
tbe middle of the ai,	oughly and cook in waiffle irons.	«‘ore. It also has to be applied wit& man 'hem Instead of spur them to I	from four to sil years
»> 1» - r-m EXPENSIVE sTATE -INNER.
rom « ouao.	^ greatly reduced if farmers
¦	——i-— »*-
on direct vote
I he electoral college io on beekeeping | two o, em, Ilium, of France and Switz-
USEFUL RECIPES
i ere
at work
parades of
prize-winning lire stock, fancy ch md butUr-maklng. It may interest rnik« rs of milking m uclnneg to know
dwelling
bournes but
prominently be fors the eyed of the In the case of twelve others- M-xi- worIde There are many thing»
Mica, Argentina, HraziU n#*cled wit*J missionary which are Colombia, Paraguay, PeruJ **!* generally known
Venezuela, Liberia and I	riee in China are among the
bo* !» i l of i m ia any part of t lie
While it ie true, however, thi' they receive more money than thoec in moat other countries, when the conditions under which they worl| are taken into consideration,
ee»e

con#
co, Costa
Chili
The Protestant
prizes to any of the
Uruguay
Santo Domingo—as in th« States
la chosen
elect the
United
a spécial electoral body by the people to
President, Six n i>ut>-bce—Guatemala, Salvador, Nicar Bolivia,

world
I
FOR SLIMY
igua,
Ecuador, and Hayti—ohoose
their President by direct vote of the J is *<;Uncl to be about equal to that People, though .-uffr.ge ie not in ail'els8where
the
I b" cos' of living, the social require*
mines#
o.i«ivi universal, and in many of the
Ontr.il and South American repub-1 °lent<l an>i tbe ollmite are all con-
lice the popular election is often lit-|ldered in deciding the amount ot
s -11 ry to be paid.
The republic of Andorra, lying in j P fl,.Iarjr	8bout
•ary living expenses.
It is intended that!
t le better thm a farce
cover area** In the torrid
and
A great deal of nonsense Is uttered •bout sunshine
oca
Desirable as sunshine Is during nine months of the year, from about the middle of June to tbe middle of September lu this climate sunshine is something to be avoided
Another so-
Only the pattern housekeeper, under the excuse of letting in the sir throws open the shutters at this
From early in the morning until late in the afternoon at the
7 1 ri f 6 0 the next ton years f70(J, and the next ten
After 25 years of service he gets $900. Married couples begin with $95:) and T. .	, , ..	, ar® increased to $1,000, $1,100 and $1,.
omcrrH Ls extremely curious. Every I ^
s.x month» the mnmlMrs of the Cb.m- PR0 RATA DIVISION OF RECEIPTS.
One society hiving a large number 0f niKsionaries divides tbe receipts of
years, $*0(1
season
m the Apennines, has two Presidents, each of whom exercises power for six
months,
cake is a
1
•Tin
#6d90n given (be shutters should be dosed, and if the
conveniently protected in this the house will be cooler if the windows • re shut.
rooms cannot be
way,
a >dy in all euch cases muet be to look hpr Deputies, which! is the popular is more , ^or som<? unusual cause and
house of the Legislature, nominate six
remove it,
year pro rata
allow $100 a year for each Houses are provided for the
The leading so-
child
!
no
The house*
unsanitary conditions pre-
w here they i re stationed In several I Africa the service is from three to
In South
Still, after watching gangs the aame Persons cannot serve for two five years. It is dangerous to stay of collies working in many placed, it successive terms, and ia one, two full) beyond five years may safely be asserted that the age zest and
Ln China they reaver- terms muat intervene before a Presi- m .in from seven to ten years genuineness of their	““ tw re-elected. In Switz- the mission,ries who rem, in in h.r.
labor are superior to those of any na- erl'ind a President cannot serve for ness until their usefulness is pist i man I , . 8 ratfcSl	with- Perhaps, the exception of two successive terms. It is almost usually have been able to save but lit-
eau keep strong and healthy for Jr., 1S mi,re dlfficQlt to piotect horsea. our own- From this it does not foi- a ^ed custom for the Vice-President tie, if anything, from their income,
Seeds, and lay downward in a shallow them to the Secretary of State and Len ionwer D	T	' ”d '	,	!	?! WM ='^d by ice
baking pan with a little boiling water, member» of the Council of India a few j J ? ‘oager. It ia made as follow»': to water traffic, and the coolies em-
Bake until tender, and serve in tbe weeks ago works out at something' ^	^	***•' aarbolic, crude, lpt.; Ployed happened to be in receipt of
•hell, or scrape out the soft part ovear #10,000.000 a head. There were 75 ! pe,1Dyuwai' 1 01 ' oU ol tar, Boas,: numthly wages. It was neither
WÊËÊËËÊgÊËmmm gpi
«
Scalloped.—Take lpt. of .tewed	P	-uggest.on and the j	- j.tantl, atom! in handkerchief, and
•squash, season to taste and
would would a-nd purchase at
A*
All animale and birds keep away from the sun and heat, and seek the ! «hade in the middle of the day during the sultry season of
Lord Playfair once said that
summer
former office
annuateil list if they hive no relatives or frienda to care for them.
SELECTIONS MADE WITH CARE.
iire is taken in the selection from the candidates of those to go to the mission fields
ST. HELENA’S TKADE.
SUMMER SQUASH
!
mer-

lin* 0|it HltiK of | hr Mirs la liai lia» Srrlt un-
l> luirai ml 1 ,
Since the opening of the Suez canal St. Helena, tbit little island in the
They are examined as to their physical condition and their intellectual and religious qualification*
Atlantic, 1,140 miles from Africa and
A large percentage of those accepted are graduates from col-
leges, and many hive taken postgraduate course* when the demand for missionaries ex-ceded the supply of candidates, but within the last three or four owing to the "Student Volunteer”
There was a time
years.
H*l
movement, the number of those desiring to serve as missionaries has exceeded the demands of the Boards. The candidates selected are usually under thirty years old, as languages are b'st learned before that age, and effort is made to obtain persons who learn languages with particular facility
married couples for missionaries us much as formerly, as there are few
i
The societies are not seeking

places where European comp 1 nions cannot be found
are apparent. Some of the pinnacle*
„	, „ t	have queer names, iuch as Asee a Ears,
FAIR FEATURES WORTH IMITAT- tnken aa perks by the hungry work- Holdfast Tom. Old Joan Point, Stone
ING.	m*n- it may bj imagined how eas_ jop ete
Blgsby went up to see the Thou».' Th< r»Xal agricultural show of Eng lly 'wcnty-four hours were consumed The only inhabited place is James-tsguash, and soon and Islands on a special excursion land 18 much like a big fair in this	pleasant pastime.	town, which has a population of about
..	t^P>st full, having ticket.	country. The exhibits are primarily I Wheu’ however, it is a question of g,600. It lies in a deep valley sur-1
ine top layer of squash. Pour over it ‘ How did he enjoy the trip!	«took and machinery, wan but- Piecework, either directly or indirect, rounded by very high bills. It is nota : * ,6ar and 1 half to obtlin a work-
a!* u S'Veet Cr®am' °°yer thB dUh He came back threatening to sue t«r, cheese, honey and cider. There is ,y' trough the labor contractor or particularly healthy place Ladder hill ! knowledFe ol thfi language, and bake in a moderate over 1-2 hour j the raUroad company.	j no attempt to display farm and orcb- Fangmaeter, who plays so large a ia where tbe Government bouse is . achlng is one ot the chiet fu"«"
Then remove the cover, and allow tbe What for»	| ard products, flowers, garden truck, P,rt in ,he industrial organization of lusted. It is so called because of tbe	°f the "^«“wary, a"d be must
eq“a*bL br°wn delicately.	He couldn't count but 883 lalande. I kitchen products, faneywork, works of ,he Celestial empire, the hours are .imuat precipitous ledder-like wooden "V* “*lboda of attracting peo-
With Tomatoes-Wash 6 fine large	-----—	art, etc. There is no horse racing of miraculously shortened and the ships ,tairs by which its acclivity of 900 ,	° lSten t0 hlrn' He must sPaak
tomatoes, wipe them, cut off the tops FRIGHTENED THE WRONG PARTY. «ny kind and all side shows, fakirs "*'dom exhaust the given time in port feet has to be scaled.	! the street 8<«uires and at the
“J-**“J/ and «“«P oat	the seed,. Grimes-We had a burglar alarm ,nd 1U,e nula"n<*‘a are rigidly exolud-	before they are ready to go to	sea or, Nearly four miles inland from	lf be can »et an audience in no oth-
rili tbe cavities with a	mixture of	put into the bou-e, bat it didn’t work. 'ed' There is usually quite a collec-	op river, aa the case may be.	Jamestown is an isolated farm house i
. aquas read crumbs, season-	Willis—Didn’t go off, you mean» I t'oo of these outside the grounds, but	___ »	on an elevated plateau about 2,000feet
!" , beatan yolk ot «° e8S. ! Grimee-Oh, It went off all right ao ter «way that they do not inter-	above the sea
ami bak	toœatoe8 «gain, but It didn't alarm tbe burglar In the fcTB wltb tbs tair- Another admir-
butteredV-n fo^LTonr	"" “ ,lighte,t' 11 only lightened my wile able feat”re “ tbe «P'oodul orgamxa-l Dainty little leather jewel cases to
...... r.™„..zr. t .................................. -	î;°"tZ:zc«z;rz:T,i ¦-	—
“ , Tb cken with 1 or 2 tablespoon* Mr*. Starvem, of Bayfield Cross th* judging û in progress and of flour robbed emootb in a little cold Roads—That’s
milk
The first year »r two *r the candidate's irrival
press it
through a colander. Place a layer of this in a pudding dish, then a layer of bread crumbs, next until the dish is ,
up-
on the field is usu illy spent in acquiring a knowledge of the language, of the country to which In is accredited. Ln China it requires from a year to
HARD TO SUIT

One of the first moves is the establishment of a school for Bible j instruction. The contributions for , foreign missionary purposes, according
er way
This is Long wood,
where Napoleon lived from 1815 until ,
he died there, in 1821. The house is a 1 L° . st,atlstlC3 Prepared for long, low, whitewashed, fairly trim u,ne!,lCl1 C'Unod, the last ¦ building, with extensive outhouses, some rather fine old trees and a good bit of decent farm land.
LEATHER JEWEL CASE
the
ye » r were
as follows: United States, $5,403,048; England, $6,943,031 tal was $17,161,092
The world's to-
accessories
are fitted up with I trays like miniature trunks. A good .	,	, .	. ,	,	* . bek is attached and they are decid-
*- —»—... Thaf. high ii.in\°*	b“-iL";.r,Vuïrz~“ % * • ——- - - ..............
NOT LISTED,
Wlggs—Prof. Searcher has just turned from Rome, I hear
brought many antiquities with him? Wuggs—Only his bride.
THE ENVIED RICH MAN.
Johnny—Papa, what Is a plutocrat! Papa—A man who has as much mousy as I'd like to hart.
Has he
ia which to carry jewelry

!

V
###PAGE###8###
It Takes all Kinds

of people to make a world, so it must necessarily
take all kinds of
Boots and Shoes
to suit those people, and prices must he right.
U KNOW XJ
WANT A FALL SUIT.
“ There's Nothing Too Good
for the Irish.”..............
Why wait until the rush is on? See our new Fall Suitings. They are the latest out, and we give them a finishing touch that cannot help but plea so.
Place your fall order with us.
'
SILVERWARE.
The Public
/
$
*
may rely on getting our goods at the 9
Lowest Market Price !
as we always buy for cash, thereby securing
the discount.
/
/
now
!

In buying Silverware it always to get the very best.^^H^^H
pays
i
A. R. McGUIRE,
î
3ME. STEWART,
THE TAILOR.
Opposite Pontiac House,
SH AW VILLE,
WE HAVE JUST RECEIVED A NICE LOT OP
Silverplated
PONTIAC Knives, Forks, Spoons
GENUINE NEVADA D and A,
The real thing for wedding and birthday presents-
QUE.
,r il
Arctic r lght lasts for month*, the air is ! at sixty below zero.	I
"i’livi liv meets a man swishing along ' i i nhoee wrap|x»d m fur* dt ing a
little 'K i with a team of sewn dogs. N. ¦ m m	m	¦	¦ ¦
M. I’.	II Jft I 11 IJ I	I	m I
i New York, Aug. ID —In his cable lut-	The traveller goes by steamer from |	|||l	I I	I I	j	H	K	IV »
ter to the Ttibuue this morning, Mr. Isaac	l>awson city down the Yukon through	U U	I I	I I	I	I	|	IV
N. Lord, referring to the situation in	Vlaska, and out into Behring sea. lie j	g S	II	ES	If	I	I	| I
South Africa, say», in part :	notices a man in a brown cheek suit with 1	"	*¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦
It seems that the operations may now brass buttons and a 11 Baden Powell”
Arrive •» 45 be chutly confined to two distinct quarters, hat. N. \V. M. P. guarding treasure.
Do Wet and Delarey have wide » paces of And then the traveller may lie in New the Western Transvaal and the Bechuan | Orleans and meet with a civilian with a SM' | aland fruitier to roam over, and as the cavalry stride. That was the man he i -ri	ii .	.	.. .
b ,,0 British hold on these districts, which were met at a dance in Canada. N. W. M. P. Tills \\ Oli-KllOWll <111(1 rpJlill »iC
i	establishment will bo found
*• ;/J emits as they go along. On the other of Lord Iv belts. L‘.*o men of the samel tills SCflSOll fully prCpflriMl \\	7.31 side, President Kruger, with General regiment, and hundreds more of expolice-	,	*	. 1
' ,s ' Botha and the main Transvaal field force, men who have rejoined the colours, and	USllftl to UlGGt tllC
,luin‘111P,,t5 of the fanners of the county.
I Latest despatches from China say that the allied aitnivs ere in Pekin, ami are bombarding the ittntr or fut bidden city.
War not nearly over
f

«


1
o
Official Time Table :
A M
MILLS. SOMETHING NEW:
5.45 Leave
Aylmer fBreckenridge CKardley Parker’s Crossing t Mohrs Quyon Wyman’s
?	Tana Bristol McKee's
Bbawvtlle
Clark’»
Campbell’s P>ay
?	Tank rVinton Con longe 'Mellon’s Waltham
6 00
6.12
9.06
41
6.18
8 .'S
O
«
A neat Box containing a half dozen Knives and a half dozen Forks, the Knives with celluloid handles. Only $2.25 per set.
Handsorçe Tea Spoons at 75 cents per dozen.
6.26
M
6.3
s It
6.47
6.56
m
I
6.58
7.04
41
7.26
7.15
8.00
re-
8 03
7.10
• 7.oo i now said tu be about 10,000 strong, with riding in I’
|j o I ninety guns, will establish himself in inn saddle*
Barberton, the mountainous area between Do you remember, in the Diamond Ju-Swaz land and the Portuguese frontier bilev provision, a body of men who at Koomatipoort. Duller with the Nata' seemed to be p<iorly mounted, and among Connecting with Hull Electric Railway j army, is moving against them from the the colonials were marked out by their
south, and French and others are coming Dragoon Guards uniform, and their from the Pretoria-Johannesburg lire vf, tmordinary seat in the saddle ? The ex the west ; but Barberton is a very broken pert* in the club window asked : — rugged country, with more formidable are these men that can ride i "	"
heights and passes even than the region i M. P. at home.
around Ladysmith and Dundee. It is Ex-members of the Corps one meets in suitable for cattle, and till the rainy sea- every corner of the earth. One is a mag-son emus on it is healthier than the low-1 i strate in the Malay States, one an engine-
The c	; lent - -f a news agency, uire, a trooper in the him*'. The regi
Taking effect Oct. Hi, 1899 I who was taken prisoner and kept for some ment breeds men tit for anything.
'time at Nooitgedacht, says that the ; Its real home of course, is in the Northfighting burghers mv confident of their I west Territories of Canada, and the de# ability to hold i ut in the Barberton range 1 tachmcnts sent tu London or to Pretoria for months, even if their supplies from «re only accidents. The regiment gov-Delagoa Bay are cut iff. The c^rrespon- i erns a country as big as Europe, each dent himself, who is no partizan of the troop of 100 men having charge of a dis-Boers, thinks that they may continue the trier as large as France, Germany or light for some time to come, though event- Russia. The troop has first built its own ually they wi 1 be compelled to yield, if barracks, then frequently made the fund-only from sheer exhaustion and falling ! ture Men are selected as armourers, numbers. The few military men loft in | tailors, saddlers, carpenters, cooks, clerks-1 Lmdon are full of admiration for De Wet storekeepers, canteen tenders, bla i i whom they admit the D »ers hare found smiths, teamsters, doctors, nurses, and a le. de ( f I ght t xo pa of exceptional j vetcrii.ary .surgeons. That makes the ability. LI is inarch across the Free State I home staff. The place is a military post
In Effect JULY 2, 1900 Ifroni Bethlehem to the Vaal and onward, I f°iNi hundred men, who are trained as
9	* 1 from the river to Rustenbtrg, is one of the | cavalry, infantry, artillery for transport,
finest performances of the kind in nudern | commissariat, staff and medical corps.
miniature, and yet the force is not military, but civil ; the men are not soldiers but constables. The officers are inagis-.,s 11rates, the troopers are really policemen ; m and each post has its little gaol, full of little gaol-birds. After the spring drills tho men are out all summer in outposts I and camps scattered hundreds of miles apart. From these the patrols ride out connecting once a week, and visiting in | course of the week every ranch, farm and camp in the Territory. The patrol rides to tin* settlors’ door and asks if I there are “ any
may have strayed, a man hurt in a quar-1 rel, or a rick burnt. The constable sees to it, A lame Imrso may be reported ; the constable shoots it as an act of mercy. I (
Most Wonderful Regiment in the iThv *rHSS ""*? ho "" tire .= ,the t':">s,al:u‘ : u
vtr |i	turns out every man in sight to tight the
oria'	Hames. If a village catches tire the *
.	-	, police serve us a tire brigade,
i here is one British regiment which Besides that, there are in the Territory has it* teeth in Soutli Africa biting Mr. | about oU,(hhi wild Indians, most of them | lx- iger, i- ’• dy on the 1 'madian iea, its tail at Dawson city in the
8.12
8.30
1.47
8.55 Arrive
Leave 6.3C •Flag Station. tTauk. VFlag Station.

Our stock of Clofl]
Including all the finest makes in
at Aylmer
ex

E. HOGGINS & SON.
P. w. RESSEMAN,
G EN ERA L SV l’ERJ N TEN DENT

Wli
SERGES, TWEEDS, WORSTEDS &c. &c.,
X. w
OTTAffA&GATINEADRf
9
Fall and winter Tsme Tatis
tr veldt
/
will bo found choice and complete In respect, and at money-saving pi i
A CAItEFVL INSPECTION INVITED
every
)
ees.
It’s a Decided Fact
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa.
no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa
Nos. l and 2, daily except Sunday.
For tickets and further Information apply to E. C. Arno (11. Ticket Agent, 't; Spark tit., or 31 Central Chambers, Ottawa.
P. W. RESSEMAN.
Gen1! Sup’t.
5.20 p.m
9 -0 a m
I
A. HODGINS,
PROROPRIETOR
xX
That our new Mill is giving the public entire satisfaction.
Spring
Season
o
a
Quality of Wheat Up-to-date Machinery Competent Millers

l

TIME CARD
Vro drawing the trade our way.
i .m- using our I lour. 1 he farmers get same quality in exchange
V
9
All leading bakers of Pon-
'
For sale at all times : FLOUR, FEED & MEALS.
EASTERN DIVISION.
i
campaign*
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of
MILK PAILS,
MILK PANS, BREAD PANS DISHES of all lynds
ALSO A F 171.1. LINK OF
AGATEWARE
Trains daily between
Highest Market Price paid in Cash for Wheat
%
Report that Roberts will Retire
OTTAWA 6 MONTREAL. , L.mdun, Au, SO.-Tb.	I.
LIMITED TRA1NS2 HOURS. :o MINUTES. | arranging to relieve Lord Roberts Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot : - South .Africa, deputing to a general of less a (t.10 A. M. - Local—Stop* at all Intelmed ate sta- ! con8f tjuences the vexatious work of run-
EœEEEHE S:" :?;rn %% ,.t
«9.00 A M, Limited, av- •< m *-troaiii in , m.. recal1 ^ >rd K -berts m October, annnunc making close vonue Hons with i. v. Rv. Maritime mg then that tho war, is at an end. Lord-
I/&ÇUÏ -ET	Woh,elt,ywiH »•'»<!»'•>> the Fo*t
1-8.00 A.M. Sundays only-Stops at I • termed i.it« mi\ , r m-chief of ’he army in October stations. Arriva Montreal 11.00 a.m. r .'In m *nd Lotd Robert will almost certainly re Parlor Car attached.	place him.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
v%
Furniture !
1
9
com
i
complaints. ’ A cow
Furniture I
«8.t20 i\ M., Limited—Stops Glen Roliereson, or l> Arrives Montreal 6 M pan. Pullman Parlor Ca attached. Connects with trains fur Pop nil points east of Montreal. For Valiev !Hd ami al points south of the St. Lawrence R Alluuis Burlington, et in New York 7,20 a.m
«7.00 I*. M, Local—Stops at Interim-e ate 'tations Arrives Montreal 10.10 p.m, Conner Junction for Cornwall, Kingston, T.*ron etc. Das Pullman Parlor Car to M
an inspection of which is invited

l
AN ARMY BOILED DOWN
Stoves.
Arriving Il-»t-Has through 11 ;t
) a
Sleep-
Look out for the New Things !
Our Spring Line of Furqiture is out of sight 1
Roofing Contracts taken ^ l>llM you like to see it ? If so <lrop in and inspect stock, and estimates furnished.
The balance of our stock of Stoves t be cleared out at reduced figui
ts at Coteau Chicago
real
t s
Trains arrive at Ottawa Cmoral Depot :
«11.30 A.M. Local-from Boston, New York, New England and New York pilots. Montreal leu at 7.45 a in. Mops at all local -tat:<cs, llaii through Buffet Sleeping Car New York to Ottawa.
Montreal and point# 3a.m. Has Pullman
f lighting tribes, the famous Red Indian .	.	Ion I warriors, who are the fiercest savages in
1 "lsi 19 ft,e Northwest Mounted the world. The Mounted Police take i uliw of C anada. < hi parade it is a charge of them. In 1KSÔ the tiibes
M*;u N t (\i\.dry corps, dressed exactly like J broke out and there was a most awful the Di-iigtion tiuanls. excvp* that instviul war. Afterwards when the police vx-of the tin hat there is a canvas hel- pectcdto have the war medal, in common
with the rest of the Canadian army, they 1 he traveller on the Canadian Pacific were told that they had only been doing
p-aT5>?.price for Hides ;	Frame are New
lug hi ecuhes, with broad yellow stripe, i can outlaws, who raid into Canada when &DCi -lGIlS.	|	Pni/ovinrye	ai „
jack hootp. service spurs, gloves, and a they find the V ni ted States too hot for---	WVVUriri^î> dTC llcW
conÏÏble 'i8N' W' Ml Pl ” " civil I	They oome to Canada hoping Wllmtot, «hoot in self-defence to kïT).	T rilTimingS BfC NCW
i i L-s.......
. -.êlrSsHejlISSill ebSIIP	Ess“ohair,	%'S:
^ """""" ^
ro1' A	, which terrific» the average criminal. The the strength.
1 lie traveller is descending the lukon power of a constable ia such that he can	Const. H. F Rrtowxi pp
valley in winter. The snow ia deep, the | search a private house, arrest without a Fort Ma lei d, Aug. 15 1900

mut
VN dike
C. E. WAINMAN,
1.25 P. M. Limited—Fron ?•nui. leaving Montreal at 11 Parlor Car.
In Parlor Suites
«7.35 P. M. Local—Prom Montreal. Vallevfleld a ml intermediate points, Cornwall, Kingston,* Toronto, and points west. Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving Montreal at 4.10, p. m,
L9.10 P. M. 8’in<i.tr"Uy; Fr
Shawville
met
Montreal and in-terme,liale points,	M * • •
Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto and points west, Ha# Pullman Parlor Car attached

«10.15 P. M. I
7.50 p.m
ted—From Montreal leaving at nesting with I.C. Ry. Express from all points east. Has Pullman Parlor Car.
Middle and Western Divisions
TO AND FROM THE W EST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot ;
815 A. M. For Arnpri.v, RenlS-w. EganviUe, Pem •*rok< . Parry's Bay, Whitney. Canoe J. ike, Parry Sound and intermediate points.
4.4U P. M. For Am prior, Renfrew, Eginville, Pembroke, Madawaska and intermediate station*.
t
1.00 P. M. Mixed Train far Arnprlnr, Renfrew Egan ville, Mu luwmka and intermediate station!
I
Trains arrive at Ottav a Central DepM
11.10 5. M. From Madawi
ville. Renfrew. A mprinr and
5.55 P. M From
frew, Arnprlnr and
2.50 P. M. Mixed Trains from Madawnska, Fran ville, Renfrew, Arnprior and intermediate stations
a-Trains r.inning daily ex j t fun ay, b—Sunday only.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES






CUTHBERTSOM, CRARAM & ELLIOTT,
Central Depot, Russell House Block
Tickets to Europe and all pj rta of the world by all American and Canadian ittati ship lines, also Cook’s
tour».
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,

)
j

/ '
/
* <,
>
)
/
\




>


