###PAGE###1###
I

k
i
0,
0^
/
r

i
SIIAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC,
y01. XVI, No. 43.
r. Q., THURSDAY, APRIL '27, 1809.
\
SUBSCRIPTION
On# Dollar a Year in advance
“THE EQUITY" "
BANK OF OTTAWA
Ke< ki\ kd * last week, a car sti(L& half
I'.f <.t furniture, awtorted, at Cuthnertaon <V 1 » raliftin’M.
Master Tho*. Armstrong, who is attend ,nK Academy here, has been appointed seCretary of the Green Lake Cheese & Lutter Company,
Uev. Father McCauley, of i
,; ^i is introduced an anti trea pledge among the members of his galion.
Have you tried Dowd's “ High L af Flour ?
C02TTRADICTI01T
Is issued from the office of Publication, Shawvillo every Thursday.
Subscription, $1.00 per Annum.
Editor Eçcity,
Dear Hir, Ah \here lia* h^en a rumor gol ng that Mr*. Met.1 red It*’* little hoy got diphtheria 1 ri I ho shop wo occupied last yt-armid which ¦he moved Into thin nprlng, In JuHllce to both Mrs. McCredle and ourselves 1 wish here to state that neither Inst fall or any other|time have we ever bad diphtheria. Hhawviiie, April
Head Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,500,000.00 Rest .
PSEns,- Field and garden seeds of all
.1. H. Shaw.
»
kinds now in stock
. $1,170 000.00
Sessions of the Circuit and Superior Court were held at Bryson last week.
Board of Direct on : ^Charles Magee, Esq., President Georoe Hay, ekq., Vice-President
Advertising rates made known on applies lion.
Correspondence of local Interest solicited I How. Gro. Darsns, Jr from all partsof thecountry.	• ALtx- 1 uabih, Esq ,
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices Inserted free; but obituary lines, or “poetry” will be charged at the rate of 8 cents per line money toaccompauy the manuscript In every case
Gentlemen—See our shirt*, col liars and
J. H. HllAW.
11- i. A til/f
*,
< )nt
fliea; new lines just in
Queer Case In Arnprlor
John Mathfr, E.nq David MaiI.aiun, Esq
The latest- styles in worsteds, English, Scotch and Canadian tweeds at the Pontiac Woollen Mills.
con
Dennis Mviti nv, Enq.
HILI* S DEATH CAUSES TRolflLE IN MF If I<AL < IK* F EH.

Horse Hills
GEORGE IIURN,
D. M. F1NN1B,
A GENERAL RANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
Horsemen
General Manager .. . Manager
...	requiring
Kfiife billHcnn be supplied at reason ible rates at this office orders early.
A. 11 "I". I ML
Brymn Council have offered a reward . Arnprior April ZH.-Fur a-me time of twenty dollars for the apprehension of 'r-J'-Molms l.een l.rew,n« between Mr.
The Shawville Minstrel Company are	that h,Ve been W*0* £!hwt an,I druggist, "and thë"Ü'%:
hkely ^ gjye an entertainment at Camp- at «own.	sicians, especially Dr. Cameron. This
h-h s imy on May 18th.	Messrs. Aylen & Duclos have closed was beciuse Mr. Wait persisted in doc-
Come and inspect our stock of machl- ^oir taw offices in Hull and have opened toring all and sundry, who came to him,
nery of all kinds. We have just the kind at	sIwrk Ottawa.	free of charge, even to the supplying of
of goods to suit the farmer, and they are GOOD WAGES will be paid for a th,e medicine. Of course, this injured to
consequently going bko hot	cakea.	tie	general servant girl. Apply to A.	W.	a large exU-nt, the practises of theregu-
¦ ri the swim and secure the best.	Ileid, the arcade .tore, Arnprior Ont.	b» physic,ana. On Thursday a little
r	t iK>y, the Hon of rather poor people named
Mr. W. E. Rowan, collector of In-	Fortin, who had been attended by Mr.
lie death of Anna	Nichol, who was	land Revenue at Arnprior, has united in	Wait, died. To bury him a certificate
killed at the corner of	Lyon and	Albert	marriage last week to Mias Anna Fir Ian.	is needed from a physician giving cause
•Streets, Ottawa, by the falling of ice of Hristol.	of death. The father in giving his re-
ipSrt	Si™™
orders receive prompt attention at mod- ' ff “! t K ul.Usu nf death,^ n<'t lx J"g in A rumor is current that Judge Laver- erate charges.	attendance, I cannot say. h rk Neil-
gno is shoitly to be	promoted	to the	.. ,, llf , ,	«on did not think this explicit enough, so
Montreal district, and	that Mr	Albert	«sail.age corn. V*® nave secured a	the doctor made an examination and
Hochon, g.C.wiil be promoted to the vac-	of Longfellow and Compton’s wrote on the card, “symptoms of pois
ancy thus created. We learn nothing Larly Corn, and would advise farmers to oning.” Mr. Neil non thought it was however, of a resident judge	being	an-	purchase early as these grades will	be	time the case was investigated, so he tel-
pointed for Pontiac.	scarce and much higher before the sea-	ephoned to County Crown Attorney Met-
son is over.	E. Hudgins & Sons. calfe of Pembroke, who sent Dr. Con-
Call and leave your
J. A. COW Ay, Publié. I	10 ^
Notes ami Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current rates.
Sums of |1 and upwards received |j Savings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Hours-10 a. ro. to 3p. m. Saturday 10a.m. to p. m.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
y
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate , of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omue and Rksipkncb: J. if Armothoxo's IIovsb, MAIN STREET - - 811 AW VILLE.
I
A. Smiley.
)
3
f
WM. GAMBLE,
OP CANADA.
BARRISTER, Ao.,
159 Main Street,........
At Shawvllle, second and fourth Thursday | CAPITAL
of each month
Hull.
- $6,000,000.
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Otîlce-over G. F. Hodglns’ Store, Main St
Head Office, • Montreal.
Court Shavvville,
No. 276.
( mFÎ
SHAW VILLE KRANCII,
«
'

Meets the 4th Wcdnes- I Money loaned on approved security at ¦lay of every mouth, reasonable fates
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferal to all partsof the world
Court dues must be paid promptly every mouth.
^'V .. Aylmer Review and (satin-1 Master Percy and Jimmie McCredie ran alley Advertiser is the name of have fully recovered from their recent the paper which is shortly to he issued attack of diphtheria, which fortunately, at Aylmer hy R. A. Millions, the gentle proved to be very slight. Mrs. McCred-inun who established the (t>uyon I imes, ^ has again taken charge of her shop something over a year ago.	land has secured the services of Mise,	...
Burns, s first class millmei from Otta-1	for not calling m medical attend-
Mr. Wait and Dr. Cameron both
noly, coroner of Renfrew, here, to look into the matter.
The doctor examined the body, and gave as his decision that the child died from pneumonia. If hlamè rested on anyone, he said, it should he ascribed to the
L.B.C
Visiting brethren cor- I	SAVINGS RANK.
diully invited.	Accounts opened for amounts of one do I-
H. S. Barnett, F.S larN and upwards and interest allowed
J. A. C6wan, It 8.
Hucjii Hon ns, C. It

Office Horns . Saturdays . .
10 A.M. To 3 P.M.
10 A 31. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARK Kit, Manager

Dr. J. E. TAGGART, L. D. S, D.D.S
Mr. T. W. Boyle had the misfortune to
lose a portion of one linger on Tuesday |	| feel strongly on the matter. Speaking to
while operating a straw cutter in H. Ladies can have their artistic fancies the Journal correspondent yesterday, Hobbs harness shop.	Dr.	Alexander	fully gratified by calling at Mrs. James	Mr. Wait said	he	gavu the child the usual
? I dressed the	injured	digit and relieved	McCredie’e Millinery Parlor—(opposite	medicine in such	cases and that it was
| friend Tom from considerable pain.	Merchants Bank.) Her stock is of the quite harmless. Mr. Wait informed the
Tim train	service	on	the	-Pembroke I i^VT*	dasiKn« and notionsm the	correspondent	that Dr McLaren, hornet-
Millinery line. A first class milliner in I pathist of	intends instituting a
charge.	| libel suifagninst Dÿ. Cameron, for a let-
ter which he had ii> a }''jal paper, and. aLu	tie pnpei for publishing
ance
wa
1

W.nmgmnmree't^ | OTTAWA
t3T Hjiet-lal attention given to appointments n.ade by mall.
Xoqû *mâ @mml
Are you using Dowd's Flour ?
Southern By. hue been somewhat demor-Hats. — Wo have the finest range of ! aliz id during the past few days, a bad hats in town—See them. J. H. fcHAW. washout on the line being the cause. .	The washout is at i^uad a creek, near
r urmture of all kinds repaired in first Golden Lake, and is over a mild in extent Class order at Cuthbeition A (traham's
BOÜRBEAU RAINVILK, L.L.L.,
!


ADVOCATE . . B HYSON,
WILL VISIT'Sll AW VILLE EVERY MONDA Y
Intelligence
it.
the water being in s mie places two
SUPERIOR COURT, BRYSON—APRIL TERM,
Onslow Man Murdered.
Intelligence reached Ottawa last week o f the murder of Michael Henry Daley, an Onslow young man. who has been working at Sudbury for some time past. It appears Daley and a companion got into an altercation with some Finlanders, and that the latter afterwards followed them and stabbed belli. Daley had hia throat cut and died shortly afterwards. His companion was severely hurt and was removed to the Sudbury hospital. An inquest was held on Daley’s body and the following verdict rendered
“ We believe Michael Henry Daley came to his death by a knife wound inflicted by one Jno. Johnston, a Emn. We also ask the crown to take proceedings to apprehend said John Johnston.'’
County Crown Attorney A. 0. Browning was present at the examination, and will take charge of the case. Johnston and three of his companions have been arrested for the crime.
S _A. MACr A .V % fi T I A choice selection of tweeds of all | feet deep ^n.	-	I** *’	kind* now in stock at the Pontiac Wool ,
NOTARY PUBLIC,	Ion Mills.	A. Hoijoinm. I Mr. W. W. Ireland of this town» has | vergne
wgpsiSif	ESS! lërl 1
Will visit Bryson every Thursday, Boots AND Shoes.—We easily lead in I Ireland's appointment, will, we feel as- the cases on the list having a large
this line, largest, newest and best stock eured, give general satisfaction.	her of witnesses thereon.
A.T Qu?,N wH 1 ,\T r equMt’, attend a iVccmr t » I	% report that Mr,. J. Smith | er^niLmSmu'S" the fcr'ry’service J»'^"lent f"r Pontiff setting aside deed
In the district. All oorrespo udenct prompt- An(* Mrs. H. H. Knox are seriously ill at (between Bristol wharf ami Hand Point101 88,61
^tVlTl beat-ihawvllU tiret rhuradnj-ofeacli ! Pre,e,lt w.th pleuri.y. mouth.
Present —His Honor Mr. Justice La
N
pan y
num

ART» l it MeCOXNELL.

B. Mulligan -vs. Gibbons—Boundary line established by surveyor continued, each party paying half costs of suit.
which he established last year, as soon as
A time table giving
CEO. C.
pec ted
M. Ilothchilds vs. McGregor.—Not proceeding—struck off list.
II. Cornu vs. Poole. Continued to next term.
Win. Anderson vs. B. Smith.—Continued.
J. B A. Pigeon vs. E. Volkaersbeke. —Continued to 20th May for judgment then if case is not settled before that date.
Sheriff McNally was in town on Mnn-day, summoning the jury for the approach Will attend Superior unci Circuit Court at *n8 tenu of the Court of Queen s Bench Bryson, also other Courts In Pontiac Die- which opens at Biyson on May 24th. trlct when required	'w^m
72 MAIN ST. - HULL QUE
Hymeneal
Maple Bidge, April 12.—A pleasant
vet ,	,	_	,	, event took place at the above da e at the
W e have now on hand a large stock of residence of Mr. Geo. Telford, of Bris
ounges, couches and parlor suites to sel- ^>1, being the marriage of his daughter,
ect from at special low prices. See them. Eliza Ann, to Mr. W. H. Tracey of the
C1THBERT8ON iV* G rah am.	I same place. The ceremony was perform-
Since selling out to that firm Mr. James ! ed hy the Hev. T. A. Nelson. The bride
.	.	, very unfaror- home ^JUp^ied by a few of their opposant .J. M. Dagena.a
able ,prmg for maple ,yrup making, the friendH. Thefollmving day a number of A. Kelly vs. Corporation of Litch-
eap run having been lee, ihan half that jnv,ted guest, aasembled ami a pleasant	Ar8^‘l and submitted for judg
of last year. As a consequence good I .	.	,	• v .	* ,1 „ ment.
1 "",h 1 ‘ l<	1
;*«v5v	1 ai «	, tianaVran Mr. and Mrs. John McLellan, bed room appointed curator to the succession of the noon. In consequence we notify and warn
lte Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor suite.	lute Hon John Brvson	! all Magistrates, Justices of the Pence, Cor-
IrttrS °fpWOrk in M°n" I	teH.t set, FrancisMurt^h vs. H. Mousseau et -al. %%%%%%:,wt%
6ble	1	cover.	Richard Dagg vs. Win. Dagg, ir„ and j	toSi‘hey
Iva, the little daughter of MX J A | Mr. and Mrs. R. Lucas, linen table cover.	Wm. Dagg, sr., intervenant.—Adjourned may be ordered them to do.	„
Cowan of (hi, journal, narrowly e.c.ped	Mr!: Ed Jard HmS, p!rlo? tebte: 60 26th	for examination of witness-	slMO‘ McNALLY,^
having htr left eye destroyed by coming Mr and Mrs Alex Meidrum, glass tea set. es.	| SherlfTs office, Bryson. April 24tb, 1899.
the lower lid of that organ was severely Mr. and Mrs. James Telford, clock and to next term for proof.
Mr Cm™. Too,. Lao... . pair of blanket, Dame Mary Kennedy vs. Wm. G. Letts.
- \m	«	_ i and •' nip	—Petition to annal capias granted.
Abram Lt. Morphy was drowned last i m h sirr hobble Lucss, a howl and dish.	Win. Russell vs. Mary Culleton, et -al. I A quantity of young pure bred Yorkshire
rrMisr j tits ::.f.	..... -srsas. ... I ««s»»*
Eû-H2E2'S-“;5a,:i^hl"Motio°i ""
diet rendered charging the township of frimn
Ilameay with the responsibility of the Mr. It. Hobbs, har rack
-*«>«• h
hxifdoann preserve dishes.
I ml lid
ve dish snd glass


JAS. IIOPE& Co.
Vf ANUFACTURIXO STATIONERS,BOOKSEL ATX lers, Bookbinder» Printer», etc. Deponitory
f the Ottawa Auxiliary IM.leSouiety,Ottawa,Ont
T'Ll c :
r*
<
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
' jnr .IFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT XT Snawvllle Q,ue., respectfully solicits enzagementsforany buslnessln connection with all Courts In the County, Collections made a nil prompt returnsasaured
NOTICE.
The present has been a
Province of Quebec, t District of Pontiac. S
A session of the Court of Queen’s Bench having criminal Jurisdiction In the said province, will be held at the Court House in the village of Bryson, in the

St. Lawrence Hall,
Mrs C M. McLean.
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attachkd.
PONTIAC HOU$p
Young Yorkshire Pigs
for Sale



•T&M
cut.

i

Mr*




P Thos. Eades vs. James Wilson.—Con	...
tinned to next term, the parties stating OiltlWVlllB i TOullCB IjUOtcltlOnS. they are going to arbitration.
Un npurt of the prothonotary, at the Gats......
r. qutîëi of the Hon. Provincial Treasurer, *>eaa..
I ai i he following bailiff» 'have no bond Buckwheat i mveunty for the faithful performance Bye........
f i heir services, namely : D. J. Moon- Eggs, (freeh,)J^	Hjl
ey, « f Portage du Fort ; Thos. Cleary, ^ ool.......................... 16 to 18
<:i Mpt au; J. D. Bastien, Calumet Island; Butter..................13 to 14
T. P Lafond, Aldtield, and that as W. | Pork per 100, dressed....... 4.75 to 5 00
d <»f Shaw ville has sent in his ®eef......
• t on, it is ordered by the Court Hay per ton that the names of the said parties be Calfskins k ort . e 1# t of bailiffs for the dis1 Hides, v f Pont iso.	Pelts.
i
Mining Deal.—The nickel deposits on I >Vumu 0 « dcr>, ? the property of Mr. John Ostrom, Ca u Mr. w* i«*rm»s«* met Island, on which Mr Cuweii begai L,,A®*	„
development last fall, have been acquiteo Mr. W «he » by the British American Mining C n j ^ ij r pany, and preparations for active wmk | doL »n
Mi. J.in
. 00 tc 29 .	(K) to 65
. 38to 40 . 37 to 40
I

, tch' r. r amp »* Klnnil.
K . nalr of wln-
f UK
# *
• • • •
10
##*#*###
XX
thereon are now going McLean, of Bryson has procured the contract for erecting the necessary builumg»,
ai s: 7%
'bus meets all trains. Good livery In tlemen associated with the company x connection.	1	*	' o k
Ladles’ and gents bicycles kept lor hire 1	.	..
M . T«. «*. *
Mr Jiime-Mi-H I»
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
C. CALDWELL,
on
fit
V
r:
table nap-n towels.
I z
.... 4.00 to 4.50 ... 5 50 to 7.00
.........36 to 40
5.00 to 6.75 ......	42	to 75
PROPRIETOR
W. ir
• • •
k
* f
I
rch*
l»h
IS

o

A.,
###PAGE###2###

f

I
TIRED AND LANGUID
beauty and atilinens ut the Hummer which will reach troan here n worming. Exactly whefe he was he did mond, If necessary, an<M hen " '**'» uot know, but he felt certain that bis huuads are thrown off the ,,,n face was toward the land where the can turn around and	' ‘ 1
Stars and Stripes were waving, and a hunted rascal's lit»*. Wii 11 / thrill of joy ran through his veiryt as your friends. so o one oui 1	1
l.v thought of home and Hose, whose puddle. You must be weitei i \	‘
eyes by this time had grown ho dim rat. There's aspiiug under ''" .'l* , N with looking for him. "tïod take me and it rises in a rain so as to safely to her," he whispered, when up the mountain side came the sound of loud voices and the tramp of feet.
. Creeping to the farthest side of the year and a half ago, h id been revok- cave> and craw liny down beneath the ml and where she had said no, tier delving rock where the cool waters Alims could not tell, She was not }lnswer now was yes. Del ween Iv r- uere dripping he hoped to avoid being sorry that Jimmie should think of her | M<df an<i Mrs. Car let on there bud been seen t p to this moment Wills cour-as he did, and thtit night when the a	(;llk. of which Jimmie ami the age never flogged, but now, when worn
stars came out in the sky she looked	Pequot girl were the subjects, |.’ederal Hues were not many miles
fearfully up at thym wondering which fmd ,prouu lady had asked forgive- aWay, and Hose and home seemed cer-Wius the one watched, for by the child- ntvsa for ,he wrong done to that gnl, tajDi ke felt a great pang of fear, and Lsh young man, and the little boy who -f wr0i,g there were.	his white lips whispered, "God pity
died. Mis. Carloton had taken it for " Something tells me you will f,nt[ iuel God help me, God save me, for his granted that if J munie came back An-	||iy boy," slit' said, ‘ >a l if you do, tell	0VVQ g|0VVi if not	for Hose’s	sake,"
nie would be h*r daughter, and who	^jjn how freely 1 g1'*'. him this little	ttieili knee-deep in	the pool of	water,
clung to her with a love and tender- ^u|u aud God bio s you both !’	he stood with his body nearly double,
a ess second only to what she fell foi ^ f,.w wevk.s later, and news came w^pe the voices and the feet came Poor Hose I She had listened ( Q t he Mather ll"U*e that when the neareri an(| at last stopped directly in with some degree of interest to such	0f the Wilderness was °yet, front <>f his hiding place,
portions of Jimmie's letter as Annie captain | nu Carleton was not with There were terrible oaths outside, chose to read to her, but it had no ^js |1;inij(ui nf men who came from the afld hitter denunciations were breathed power to rouse her from the state ot fj,q(p • \ prisoner of war/’ was the ag.,jnsl anv luckless Union man who apathy into which she had fallen Hie nvxt VP,)m tt ami then. ius if her last mjght |)e lurking near, and then the never smiled now, and rarely spoke ox- bo|>e h id been taken from her, Airs. |lgtl, from the entrance of the cave was cept to answer a question, but sat all (1ar|«u»o broke down entirely, and, so- xvjj0||y obscured, and Will saw that was day by the window in her own room,	eluding herself from the world with-	ft man*a back was	against the	open-
tttnl looked away to the sout hwa v<t,	out< sll ,|0wn in her desolation mourn-	j|)g a8 if some one	were sitting	there,
where silver though to were centered. jng a n d praying for her two boys,— UM they know of the oavef W ould It was very strange that nothing onp a prisoner in Anderson ville, and they come in there, and if they did could be heard of her husband except ollrt ju Columbia.	would they find hi ml Will kept nsk-
that he was shot down dead. A dozen ,	ing himself these questions, and his
corroborated that fact, but his body	- —	In pat li carne gaspingly as he knew that
had uot been found on the field, nor	vPTFIt XXVII.	the man whose back barred the cn-
was any mention ever made of him m	'	. /	, . -	, trance to his hiding place was the
any official accounts. Once Hose had l he sun was juat using, ui «	bitterest in his invectives against the
been startled from her stupor by n beams gilded the summits of m A - Yankees, and the most anxious to find soldier who pretended to have seen legh.iuy Mountains which in me (fa Something in his voice and
her husband in one of the Southern glory of the early morning seemed	|ang	indicated both education and
prisons, but a closer examination calm and peace!uI as i ,M	; position superior to his companions,
proved that the mm was intoxicated heights bad never looked down ui n vho evidentiy j^ked up to him as and had told wfrit I» did in the hope «-one, of carnage and strife, or |Mr ,e.(der Clllliug him ¦ Square," that money might be given htm foi then tangled passes an«i d.nk ia' n*a Hnd acquiescing readily when, after the the intelligence, and then Ruee sank hheltered poor, starving, frightened l<ipse of (ftIl or fif(eea minutes, he mug-back into her former condition, the wretches, fleeing for their hwa, Mil gpsled th;lt thPy g0 higher up the
™b?.:riï“Xjæï * ,c,% £2tJ&	b- —*......-	- •* —
heard her hmsband’s name among the pursuers. There were several of these rpf
¦H-
SS	: iH SSSti Z#
"Mbit *s that s,mnd in the next one prison to another, until Salisbury itself felt in the keen P mgs of h g room like th - rrvine of a baby ?" received him. At first be had suffered er. Surely lie could venture nut <»-• -ft kj you, »îjr HfweShorn last but little menially, for the ball "ard the close of the day, he houyh ,
night. Don't v .u .member it,--a beau- which struck him d.* had left him and see if there were not berries grow-
tiful little bov, whh his father's look with his reason impaired, and to him ing in the ledges, and when the sun w s in his eves and .T’mr/ dimple m it w a. ill t h - same whether friend setting he crawled to the m°u h o hwchinf" ’	nT f had him in keeping. Deprived the cavern, where just in the best place
........................
" I> , ,1 I .riinr, t tn he born without real name. Hose was the only cognomen the bellowing thunder roaring through ^.utmeul as Sirdar brought him both 1 Bud, n hô would have been ho by which he was known, and the proud the mountain gorges, and saw from fame and fortune. Much uf the credit
n	1 min shivered every time he heard the opening the forked lightning which t>f , |le great English victories in the	, . , .	.	.	M
st ruck more than one tall tree near Soudan belongs to Lord Cromer, whose regulated by the state, a in I the place of his concealment. Fed by uaiuv before he was raised to the peer- ^l,sl hemg published every yeai. fiove and war.	age was Baring, How could the There are millions of the inhabit-
the rain which had fallen in torrents. Khalifa without an "r” to ble^s him- anus of the . .dlippine Islands who tlie st ream under the projecting rock at.|f V\ith, withstand two men so rich- never knew the dominion of Spain ana was beginning to rise and spread itself ;y endowed with the lucky letter I over the surface of the cave. It was if the names of prominent politicians up to his ankles now, and it rose so lLi England are examined the reign of
rapidly that Will was thinking of ffoe "r" is even more pronounced. The doer not make the planet Mars ap-leaving 1 he cave and groping his premier is Robert Cecil Lord Salis- pear any bigger than the moon doe# well as he could to the west- bury; the leader of the House of Com- through an opera glass, ward, when his quick ear caught the moms, Mr. Arthur Balfour; Secretary sound as of I wo or more persons com- for Scotland, Lord Balfour of Burleigh; ing stealthily up the mountain side, for Ireland, Mr. Gerald Balfour; Home Whoever they were they seemed In Secretary, Sir M. Ridley ; Colonial Scowl! h the ulmopt caution, and ret ary, Air. Chamberlain ; Admiralty Will’s heart beat high as he hoped it First Lord, Mr. George Goschen ; the was some brot her fugitives seeking the late Under Secretary for War and preshell m of the cave. The. gleam of a sent Viceroy uf India, Lord Curzon ; lantern, however, and th& same v<iice the present War Under Secretary, Air. he had heard in the morning cursing Brodrick ; Lord President of the Couu-ihe Yankees so bitterly dispelled that cil, the Duke of Devonshire, formerly illusion, and in a tremor of terror he | Lord Hartiuglon ; Lord Privy Seal,
back in his ^8 I Hi crawling in the darkness to the far-1 of Trade, Mr. Ritchie, i best end of the cavern, and feeling No Prime Minister of this century the rising water flow' over his knees from Mr. Spencer Percival to Lord as he waited for what might come Salisbury has lacked an "r."
Love and War***. §
»
i mmiK
THE EXPERIENCE OF AN ESTIMABLE YOUNG LADY.
IS
'IS
A STORY OF SLAVERY BAYS. Bv MARY J. MOI MUS.

Her It I «ml Wn* I'mir hihI Watery - Suffered From Kick II rail* r he* ami l-alallng
¦legal nrd MeallU'a

w
Here, Charlie U»vi
fairly chut
IM
cuve sometimes that shawl, his teeth are
teriog."	.	.	,
...
IimI Will out to where the boy t h.irhe Uu ulie of the finest farms in Wol-st(Hid holding it bright plaid Miaul m for<1 township. Grenville county, re-Ida hand, and looking curiously at t tie Mj(lea Mr. aud Mis. Alonzo Smith and drooping, sorry figure ornery- famjiy. Mr. Smith, is perhaps one of ing from the cave. It was a woman h ttv. |M-st known men in the County, as shawl Will knew, hut it " is very in addition to being a practical funner soft and warm, and lie wrapt it very hl,	several agricultural uu-
olosely round him, for lie was sink- p|Bm,.nt c uipanira. Him family coning with cold, and his mitered gar- h$>ts of two esiinable daughters, the monts were wringing wet. Very few vpilVsV bring seventeen yens of age. words were spoken, and those in a |0 a correspondent of the Brorkvillu whisper, as they went cautiously dow n p, corder w ho recently called at the mountain until they reached what smith's, Mina Minnie K seemed to he a road winding among «.fa^vst daughter, related the following the hills. This they did not follow, story:—"About two years ago 1 was but striking into the field or pas- (akou quite ill. 1 hr came pule and lure land beside it, keft to the light, | ingUid, and if 1 undertook to do any and at a safe distance from it. lest wol g about the house, would easily some straggler might be abroad, and brome terribly fatigued meet them face to face. Will Maiber 8U|j 0t to terrible aick headaches, and enough acquainted with Southern In> stomach became so weak that l customs not to be surprised to find loathed food. My tumble was further here in the mountain wilds a sub „gg,avnted by weak spoils, aud my stanlial and even han<Lscxme-bs>king feet, winter or summer, were as cold building, which, with its white wills :us iCt,; fact it seemed as if there and green blinds, seemed much like wis no ft»* ling in them. 1 tiled several the farm-houses in New England., kinds of medicine, but instead of help-There was a light shining from the ing me 1 was grow ing weaker. One day windows, and a woman's brisk step i„ Much, 1818, my father brought home was heard as they went toward the » box of Lh\ Williams' Pink door; Paul Ilaverill coughing to give immedi it ly diontlou d
warning of his approach.
(To be Continued).
w
ll«w
llltMIIII.

CHAPTER XXVI.—Continued

Dir.
Smith, the
Hose
I beva me
i

> '
Fills. I
the uthar
medicine and began taking the pills. I found tb it ih y help'd me and four more boxes wen* procured and by the tiniv* l had finished th«-m 1 was entirely well. 1 have never had better health in my life than lam now enjoying. My appetite is now always good and 1 have increased in weight. All
If you want a rncii* to bo rich, to this is due to the efficacy of Dr. Wil-
linns' Fink Pilla, and 1 would advise
any other young giil troubled as I was
will bring you prominently before puo- lo ija9 them, and they will certainly
lie notice, have a name with an ' r ' cure if the directions are followed.
If mure than one, all the better, The facts above reluted are impor-
f tant to parents, as there are many young girls ju\t budding into woinan-lf it ! hood whose condition is, to say tho isn't in your surname have it in your least, more critical than theii paients
,'brt.u.,;.... w « ,u — i-"'sr,-.,T5‘,4SSsr
with heart palpitation,
LETTER ee R.e


irr*a Have II In leur *«•»»«* Won Are* in
lanky Company*

lu II
and if it come* at the beginning or end of your name, better still
1
headache*,
The richest man in the world is Mr. shortness of breath un the slightest
whose name begins exercise, faininesa and other distressing symptoms which invariably lead to a pitmature grave unless prompt stepn are taken to bring about a nat-Ha \ ural condition »>f health, in this eowr* sliming light in t lie world of geney no reined y yet disooveied can
supply t lie place of Di Williams Fin»
... .	.	, Pills, which >u ild anew the blood,
ctmpare as rushlights to a petroleum tilrengllfctiQ the nerves and restore the
flare.	: glow of health to pale and sallow
They
troubles peculiar to the female system,
old. These Pills also cure stu b
John Rockefellei with an "r” and ends with another
This fortunate individual controls the Standard Oil Trust in America
is a
wealth, to whom ordinary millionaires
The United States is the home of checks
millionaires, the best known being the Astors, the Bradley-Martins, "r" linked to "rrV and the Vanderbilts. The I partial paralysis, name of Rothschild is a synonym for St.
wealth the world over, and the late | ^ 1I'g rip^'l nf 1 uenza a o d 'U v ere cold* Baron Hirsch runs a good second. Mr. disP:lstiS Spending on humors in the llooley makes up for the absence of blood, such as scrofula, chronic erysi-
r" in his surname by une in each of pelas, etc. Do not be persuaded to accept any imitation, no matter what the doilei may say who offers it. Imitations never cured any one Sije ihat chief millionaires were the full name Dr. Williams' Fins Fills Itob.uson, Worn her ! for Fale Feople is on the wrapper
around every box you buy.
young or
disease*, as rheumatism, neuralgia,
locomotor ataxia#
Vitus' dance, ne mous headache.
inferst in

i
his Christian names, Ernest Tenth ;
while iu the time of the South African
boom, the Messrs Rhodes, and Barnato.
Bui let us leave wealth for fame. The first name that occurs is that of
1
f
BRIEFLY MENTIONED
Tho price of medicine in Prussia is
m fa the i ¦
ÏÏd f!u h/lMS b'.bv ! mî,rmir glad God 'hat dear name uttered by the course
jesting lips around him. A horrid suit of dirty grey had been given him in place of ihe stolen uniform, and though at first he rebelled against the filthy garment a. he began
hi. gone"	how they might aid him in his escape.
=	which %^er^eart
p	5 SSSTt Si
¦ ' win /ouTil your bab,. William t" %' ^ %,al ' b^'lo^doing Anil she replied.	putting his own life in jeopardy. But
“ No; there is but one Millie for me. a staunch Unionist ai heart, he was and he is in Heaven. Baby will be wjuing to brave everything for the called for brother Jimmie."	cause, and it was through his instru-
And so one bright Sunday morning mentality and minute directions that in March, when St. Luke's was decked \\*jj| Mittvr hid finally reached the with flower* from t he Mather hot- : shelter uf th
house, and the children of the Sunday Rr;1(P North f irolina from Tennessee. School sang their Easter enrols, Rose, hid fc.iiuo friends all along t he Mather, in her widow's weeds, vvpr}r j route, rruo. l'*yal m°n, who had peril p the aisle, with her mother. Annie ; jjpd ih**ir V • f ' him; brave, tender and brother Tom, the latter of wlmm j Wurnen. v fi #* .sods had ministered so give her bright-eyed, beautiful ^ boy to kindly to hi? van is. and who had so the rector, who baptized him, * James cheerfully di/Med with him t heir ‘¦can-Carleton.” And all through the con- jy meals, r,v>n I hough hunger gregation there ran a thrill of pity frr the widowed mother, whose five, though it had lost some of its brilliant color, was more beautiful thin ever, for there was shining all over it the tight of a new joy. the peace wh-ch from sins forgiven, and after
over and the morn-
/ give you to me K it. I've been «<> 1 bought less and wick-
Pear
I did not deserve
ed, but I will be better now little baby we will grow good toget h-
to go some day where papa
never saw a Spaniard
long to think
er, so as
existence
I be largest telescope in
A1
/
N
wav as
I
There are about eighty distinct tribes
among the natives of the Philippines. The Moras are the most bloodthitsiy savages known.
A New York lawyer charged « counsel fee of $25(1 and a bondsman fee
of $50 to defend a boy, w ho w as held for the larceny of ninety cents’ worth of groceries.
Every inhabitant of the Austrian village of Storbeck is a chess player. 'I he
children are taught to play chess just as they are taught to read aud write.
The Siamese h ive so strong a super*
stilion against even numbers that they
will have none of them. The number of

/
V
move
J
watery quarters. Viscount Cross; President uf the Hoard


mountains which sep- next
I kn<vw hermLhtar^'heWre!,e.nd he I YANKEE VIEWS OF FRANCE. ,h, m in » h„u»e. of windows or isn't drowned by this time it's just France has a new campaign cry. It doors in a room, even of rungs on a lad* a special Providence, that’s all I have is "Remember Fashoda," and if France der. must always be odd. to say."	doesn't look out it will have a chance The Royal Academy, of Science, of
Surely that was no unfriendly voice, to.—Minneapolis Tribune.	Amsterdam has paid a delicate com-
t he st ranger who evidently knew his fighting according to the rules and hy ordering t hat its transactions shall every turn and nook of the cavern, I regulations governing French duels.— in future he printed in English, into him that the light |Chicago Times-Herald.	stead of the native Dutch, in order
It ought to be pretty firmly fixed that they may be more available to the betrayed him at once. I in the French mind by this time that scientific world at large.
There was a thought of Rose, and ! he as a matter of fact the Pharaohs held	After the strike of lawyers in Spain
freedom he had almost regained, and I all t hat region merely in trust for the then forgetting t he friendly tone*, W ill] Brit ah Gove i nine ut.—Chicago R. cord, low. bitter moan, and siretch-
wa ¦
written u|K,n their ihin, haggard farm, and stared in their sunken eyes. And WiM had taken down each n une, and registered a vow that if ever he reached the Vorth. tbe.H»* noble self-denying people should be rewarded, and if possible removed from a neighborhood where thy suffered so much from privation and from the hands of I heir former friends, who, suspecting their sentiments, heaped upon 1 hem every possible abuse. Ragged, bareheaded, footsore and worn, he came at last, at the clowe of a June day, to t h° entrance of a cave in to which he sdL and wh**re
earth, he slept so soundly from fatigue and exhaustion that the morning sun was shining through the entrance to the cave, and a robin, on a shrub growing near, was trilling its morning song ere he woke. The air, though damp from the water which trickled through the rocks, was close and stifling, and Will crept cautiously out from bis hiding-place, and sitting than a down upon the ground drank In the
was so near from i he dark lantern fell full upon his face and
have now a strike of jurrymen m The citizens of Prague who
comes
ihe baptism was Ing service read. Rose knelt with h“r mother, brother, and Annie, to receive for the first time, th* precious hols of a Saviour's dying love.
Rose had ceased to oppose Annie m her wish to loin Mrs. Simms who was then at Annapolis: and when Tom. a f,.w days after the baptism, went hack again, Annie would go with h m as a regular hospital nursemm Tf might be that Jimmie would bn among the number of skeletons sent up to ••fiod’s land.” a* the P™rJellowa called it; and Annie's heart throbbed
his heart, to awaken an interest m him for olden times, and then, perhaps whisper to him that the decision made that moonlight night, more
we
Austria
are called upon to net as jurymen have
unanimously refused to attend for i hat purpose unless a new hall is built to accommodate them, the old one being unhealthy and too small.
gave a	...
ing (Hit his hands said imploringly,
"Kill me here as well as anywhere uid let 1 he suiteilSB be ended." •
"Kill you my Imyf" and the strang-1 apore, is buried in a $20.000 coffin. It
Sirtutsa"jrjsyrus:i~ *• — -- *»
"What should I kill you fort I’ve had my eyes on you ever since yesterday ¦¦when I saw you creeping
COSTLY COFFIN
svm-
Mrs. Tan Jiok Kim. late of Sing-
g< Id and
precious stones, and was the most costly coffin ever constructed Straights Settlement.
the h Ils had been direct, on the damp
in the
THE LAST HOPE GONE.
My dear asked Mr, Figgare. looking up from bis wife's accounts which b# was auditing, do you remember he name of the arithmetic you studied f Why, let mt see, replied Mrs. Fi£ gars, thoughtfully. “No; I don't believe I do. Why ?
I was Just wondering, explained brute, if there was anything aboil you did recall.
evening
under the brushwood, and knew you
IhcS.llTandTh| WOMAN AGAINST
has proved mo to many a poor devil who W ith a horrid imprecation the iufuri-like yourself him taken sheller here. I ated woman sprang forward.
I hive never known one to fail of I Another word, she shrieked, raising reaching the happy land when once her clenched hand, and I'll beat you they got so for as this, so cheer up, | to a jelly 1 inv man. Paul Haver ill can swear i string of swears about the Yanks I man doggedly
were


I won't jell ! retorted, the other wo-
,
X
###PAGE###3###
9
t

The man who lives In vain, lives to no purpose, lives to a bad purpose. W. Nevliwi.
FHKNCn DIVOIICK LAWS.
France baa now a law by which marriage may be dissolved without coat to
applicants. The Faria Divorce Court devotes 1 hursduys to gratuitous decrees. On one day recently ‘294
Man « only misers!de so far as he of lnur hours, an average of more than thinks himself so. Sannazaio.	one djvon e a minute. The applicants
belonged to
ELECTRICITY TO CUT STEEL BEAMS
IT’S A STICKER for quality -remember the name
a Irrrnl Ixprrlmral In ihlrngt Which Saved Time «ml Labor.
During the reconstruction of an office building recently in Chicago an interesting use was made of the eleotrio current in cutting in two a cluster of half a dozen heavy steel beams which it was nroeasu ry to remove. The.se beams were of ±he ordinary 1 shape end fifteen inches deep. Owing to the difficulty of getting at the beams at the places where they were to bo cut,
special saws would have required had the beams been cut in the ordinary way, and it was estimated that the work would take two men about twelve days’ time and oust about • 100.
Instead of doing the work with hack ¦awe, a method was adopted such as scientific burglars invented for getting into safe and vault doors of steel. A current of electricity was brought in from the electric lighting wires in the ¦tract to do the work. The positive terminal wire was attached to the steel frame work of the building, to which the beams were riveted, and the negative wire was attached to a carbon point 11-2 inches in diameter, which was provided with a wooden handle to enable the operator to direct it along the beams at the places where they were to be cut. An asbestos shield protected the operator’s body from I he heat and black spectacles protected his eyes. In twelve hours the beams were severed, with an expenditure of only about five-horse power in electric current, and the work was done by an ordinary workman.

the
i
i
II Pay**, t.f Clranby. Que* Cigfir Manufacturer
“ Pharaoh lOo.

I
CEYLON TEA.
Lead packages
*5. 30. 40. 5° & toc
¦	¦¦¦the working class, in
whhh divorces were infrequent be foie the passage of the law.
m Farms for sale, 12 per sors oaeh, Bsl-i orop until paid. J Mulhall, Sleui Oily, la
HAVE YOU SUBSCRIBED
anoe
Ladies!

W V €
A new adulterant of coffee in dough, moulded in the shape of coffee beans.
FOR
CALVERT’S
For Over Flflv Veers
MNOKfiR
CarboMo Disinfectants. Soaps. Oint ment. Tooth Powders, etc., have been awarded KM) modale and diplomas for etiparlor excellence. Th» ir regular tie» prevent Infecti ous riisetiHee. Ask your dealer to obtain a supply Liât* mailed free on application.
HOME - - -NEEDLE WORK?
1

3
F. C. CALVERT * CO.,

Issued Quarterly, 15c pe
yt-ar.
and Number new in press. Sand v I" your subscriptions at unee for p the year (8<^ and receive Not, jK 1 and 2. No 1 com aine 30 celered p plates, giving the exact ehed## || and reproducing the stitches là I# that many studies. Seed 25e to
MANCHESTER
The borw* in Algeria outnumber the hunmn beings.
ENGLAND
I
2Q °* OUR WÜDKNT8 h... reoentl, Uk.n ,,.a
eltuallone, and four positions remain until led.

UHTirr „„*t Caiml, Mawdon, snd Si Lé boire NU I IvC# Tragedies 3 erimee full history of ttie munler and trial of (’ordrlie V There nailed on receipt of So Agents and Bookstores supplied at #1 SO per hundred l*pr< hoo A Leproh >u, If.fo Notre Dame Ml.. Montreal

V.
hw and .Sain
srs uw

x/
HTK ATFORD, ONT We tench real buslo tntion or nonsense In fair competition eur graduatee •r»i nearly always chosen. Huai ness men appreciate our work. Best Commercial School In Canada. KutMsow. Circulars free.
no Imt-
Throughout the world there are 672 known volcanoes, 270 of which are active.
%
CORTICEUI SILK M.
t
How’s This ?
We oflfrr One Hundred Holier* Reward foi e ef Catarrh that can not bo cured by Hall's Catarrh Cure.
F. J. CHKNKY It 00., Props., Toledo. O. We the underageed, have known F. J. Cheney for the last 15 yeure, and believe him perfectly honorable In all business transactions end fleenclally able to carry out any obligations made by their Arm.
WcstITruax, Whelt^eleDruggist* Toledo.O. Waldino. K inn an & Marvin, Wholesale Druggist*. Toledo. Ohio.
Hell ¦ Catarrh Cure 1* taken Internally, act log dlnctly upon the blood and muo us surfaces of the system. Price75c. per bottle. Hold by ell Druggists Testimonial* free.
Hell's Family Pills ere the best.
ioi Richelieu St
St. Johns, P. Q.
N. B.—When replying to this Advt. specially mention this paper, give the name of paper and where you saw it.
W. J. ELLIOTT. Principal
• #
any
i

We give this fine 4-Blade
selling 6 Ladies’Gold PUte | ONE NIGHTAgents *“* V.1,’,?,	Wanted
Sh.rt Waist u K A U T V I	" how.KVSitT	_____
PINS at 10 cents each.
Simply send your address and we will forward wicks post-paid.
the 60 cents and we will send knife, with all charges paid Address,
Cem Novelty Co.,Toronto, Ont.

Stammerers 3H983
i



VACCINATION.
It la stated, in support of vaccination, that in Austria, prior to vaccination becoming general, out of every 1,000,000, inhabitants 38.541 died of
smitllpdi within a period of 30 years, a figure reduced to one tenth, namely, 8,745. in the corresponding time after the general adoption of vaccination.
r r ¦ "
where, tflR t> rliu who will oeo»inc# you hr osn eere y##
Dr Aroutt,
HARTFORD
When sold
»end
u<
In Russia no person is permitted to marry after the age of eighty, and only five marriages are permitted.
Ti
without **4toto| •r UHPM Is tM
mesl disordered Store*oh. Luo/e. Nerree, Lifer, Blee< Kidneys. Brain and Breath by
HEALTH RESTORES
TIKES

tik

a •
L >M •* ••!.« c ; !»:(* 'A
k.	l«r y<fi
b
Du Barry's
Revalants Arabics Feed.
if	Co
‘ CtLjV

r

whleh Safes luralids and Children, en<1 sessftili
lafns luwalids and f-nildrea, and nlse Rears smfll
I	Infante whees Ailments sud Beslilts	É
II	ether treatments It digests when *M e#dO
1 .	i v >.
tinted all ether Food Is rejec ted
0
r
Have You Catarrh 7
ffhen get Catarrhozoue, which is neither a wash, snuff nor ointment, but odorous gas, which is carried by air directly to the diseased parts. R penetrates wherever air can go, and never fails to cure. Have you «light symptoms of consumption? Then try Catarrhozone. Outfit, $1.00. Sample bottle and inhaler, 10 cents. For sale by all druggists. Manufactured by N. C. Poison & Co., Kingston, Ont. Send 10 cents for sample.
WOMEN LETTER CARRIERS.
Women are employed as letter carriers in several districts of France.

, safe# 50 Ilmen He cent la medietas.
f Infsfi*b
Annual
50 Years
o Soaoess. ^urw of Co lion, Flstuisecy, l>y#gl Indlgeetien. Oensuepllen. Diabète#, lreneblti* ] ansa, C-»uga* Asthma, Catarrh, Fhlegn, Dtarri Nerfous Debility. Sleeplessness, Duyun Wsiy,
i

X Inner >
“ Maltese Cross ”
< Tubes, y
U A/

DuBarry & Ce.,
(Liinltedk
7f RtseJ
¦trek
Lendon, W , also in Parle. 14 Rue 4e Oastlgllou, all Qroeere, Chemists, and Stores everywhere &U#A , 3.. 6d., Is 5ih., 14s Sent carriage fflee. Ala# M rrys Rewalenta Biscuits, In tins, 3e 6d aad Is
Aeeats fer Canada : The T. Eaten Co, Limited, Tercet*
J.

£

Greatest Seed lieuse
f
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY
Laxative Bromo (Vuiume Tablets. All Drug-fists refund the money if it foils to cure. 35e.
MANGELS
3
lb is to live twine, when we can elithe recollections of our former e.—Martial.
Unrivalled
«

U Toscana, 10c.
XW never find time for anything ; if you want time you must make it.-—Charles Buxton.
N
i ne
One of the most valuable products of the farm is a fine crop of Mangels. To grow the
heaviest crops, the very finest selections of seed must be sown.
Ik

STEELE, BRIGGS’ Prize Mammoth or Giant Long

IN
i
I
!
Rg^j MANGEL **	%r**^** weight-producer known. Requirea^deej), wall-
eeund, well-formed roots of great weight. Price by mail (post paid) per lb., sac.;
5 lb. lots or over, 19c. lb., or 4c. per lb. less if purchaser pays carnage. Â
Briggs-Giant Yellow Oval-shaped j0
4
K
LEMON BATHS.
¦s»
%
X
Lemon baths are popular in the West Indies
s
Æsl

Three or four lemons
are cut up and left to soak in water half an hour, freshing.

Jll^hgel
A grand variety for shallow soils ; grows large, handsome, clean, sound, heavy roots. Price by mail I postpaid) per lb., 22c. ; 5-lb. lots or over, 19c. lb., or 4c per lb less if purchaser pays carriage

The bath ia very re-
ne
\ •

«
«

MONTREAL
The “ Balmoral,” Free Bue $%>?£
STEELE, BRIGGS’ Giant Yellow
GLOBE MANGEL	>
Best
TO
»
<%

¦saSftSaiaiHwS
X
Seeds
\
ground, with m small tap root; bulbs large, hi globe shape, sound and heavy. Price by mail (post-paid) per lb.,aic. ; 5 lb. lots or over, 19c. per lb., or if purchaser pays carriage, at 4c.

CUTTING SCHOOL-™™
C. A Ü. SCHOOL CO., Montreal.

\
\

SlugUS.

Wmi
\
X
x
per lb. less.

pok SALP -One Simp oa Dry Press brick J rlachlne, with screen, elevators, sad a Johnson dry p«n ; she 2 Cornell Hand Pro,,os , I lu
titan:visa, Bass- App,y te Brtcki'Ruo”
Are Cheapest te buy The Safest to plant

x

If You Wish a Good Crop, Use Steele, Briggs'
SEEDS....... J
I
• e • e
SINGLE Q P pe
DOUBLE TUBE. B^% ¦! Pf Sent O. O. D. to any address	,
Will m»ll section if requested.
Wm. B. Northam, Toronto, Ont.
Mew Tires
STEELE, BRIGGS’
Famous Garden, r Flower and Field Root Seeds are sold by leading .. merchants everywhere
Seeds that Grow Big Crone

tee
«
Cy£py Wl ^/^qtH ER KNOWS
THE VALUE OF
Send your name for
CATALOGUE, it a
contains useful dfl and valuable in- jtàjm formation

9»

?
V
I
«
if
>

• L

Should you be unable to btain them from your merchant, send your order direct to “HEAD> > > > QUARTERS” and secure

AS A MATURIENT MEDICINE.

Catholic
«%	„ Crucifixes,
Prayer scapulars,
Books,
Itoskries,
V

x>

^	A thorough germination test is made with all Garden, Flower and Field Root Seeds before
they are sent out, and a Field Trial is made upon oar own grounds each season to prove their quality. The utmost care is given in the Interest of buyers and planters. W
Religious Pictures, Statuary and
ftHORCH ORNAMENTS, Educational Works.
Mall orders receive prompt attention.
The increased product with Good Seeds many times exceeds the difference is cost from using inferior, lew-priced Seeds.
THEY PAY BEST.
MONTREAL
D. J. SABLIER & CO.,
QUI.
OUR NAME 18 OUR TRADE MARK. See that ft is upon all labels and
packages when buying your supplies- All enquiries promptly answered.
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
EPPS'S
GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.
COCOA
I!
The STEELE, BRIGGS SEED CO., u-niM
r
BREAKFAST—SUPfER.
.
X
/
Mi

###PAGE###4###

^zsrj*	shawville
Meat Market.
ifcy t>f 244. This result is n to anyone who had a knowIvd^v ot the situation. The constituency, hitherto hail l>vvn pretty evenly divided, and that the Conservative party had been cna
hied to hold it in the past was due to a great extent to the personal l">l»u»rjty <>f the latv member, Mr. NNood. Mr. M lute w ho was a stranger to the constituent# put up a strong tight, aud it look tin united efforts of the men who manage elections for With the Federal mid pro vinvial governments to accomplish 1|s defeat. The influences that were brought to hear were of the usual nersussivo character, and some pretty shady work is alleged to have hevn performed by the emissaries of the («rit |»rty. It all that is charged van be substantiated, Mr Comstock will not likely enjoy par ha mvntary honors for any great length of
time.
The Gqutij/.
XV
i 8Ur[>lïH1
SHAWVILLE, APRIL 27, 1899

So far the prohibition plebiscite has cost the federal treasury fcl80,li04. The Libaral workers got the money. The country got the experience.
CHOICE FRESH AND CURED MEATS OF ALL KINDS NOW IN STOCK.
READY MADE CLOTHING...
Government has
decided to send 14,000 more troops to Phillipincs bring the strength of the anny there up to 35,000, and is expected to he a suf ticient force to bring the insurgents to time; yet some V. S. generals are on record that it will take 100,000 men to accomplish the task.
The Premier states that the total cost of the abortive International < ’ommission, including travelling and hotel expenses, and including, we presume, the ironing of the Right Honourable gentleman s hat, was $**,0410.80. Taking into considéra tion the value of the results achieved Mercier’» celebrated trip to Paris cheaper. — Montreal Star.
The United St at
Thanking the puhllic for past patron-1 respectfully solicit a continuance of

From the best clothing houses in Canada.
Dress Goods.
)
a**,
the same
This addition will
J. G. McGUIRE.
Superior in Finish,
Perfect in Fit, Correct Styles,
We ask our lady friends
A. L. HANSFORD, PHOTOGRAPHER,
to call and look over our large stock ol fine
very
Dress Goods
And Trimmings.
We are shewing an exceptionally fine High Class Goods, well orthy the inspection of intending buyers.
Bought especially for wearing qualities. Our Black and Navy - - - -
WILL BE AT THE
fontiac House Gallery FIRST FRIDAY
Hon. David Mills has introduced a bill in the Senate fur the pieservaiion of
health amongst employees
In moving the first reading or . Mr. Mills said that the
Nest	I ^	h, .
•hewn the Government the necessity of |	Prices Reasonable. | w
providing some means of securing men I _ Rrmember the Date». employed on works of this kind some ad- I
equate hospital accommodation. This |	A. L. HANDFORD
bill provides that, with regard to every public work in Canada, the Governor- | -
General-in Council could, until the net.	___¦______
was suspended by legislation, take pow- [rfiUllllla er to make rules and regulations, general I w* wee wmm
or specific, for the regulation of the health of men employed, in the matter of hospital accommodations, medical attendance, the extent and character of the quarters, and have them inspected and disinfected if necessary.
The bill provides for the imposition of
punishment, forfeiture or penalties for infraction of the regulations, which will apply to companies awarding contracts as well as to contractors. Thu principle of the bill is geneeally approved.
public
on
range of
SERGE SUITS AT $8.00
Are Marvellous Values.
OUR $7.00 TWEED SUITS
in point ot Elegance Quality and General Make up are unequaled
OUR PANTS AT $2.50
AND $3.00 •
Are equal to the Best Tailor Made Goods.
Special Lines at $1 25 and $1.50.
E. H0DGINS 8c SONS.
works
the measure
wax
O
¦ ¦
The price paid by Lieut. Cel Cole, of Montreal, for the 30,000 Snyder rifles •old by the Dominion Government la»t fall was 75 cents including bayonet and
25 rounds of cartridge a piece. -----
Cole scld them for prices ranging from #1.80 to $5.00, and did it quickly, too. The average price paid by the public who bought them up was about #3.75. There was a big thing in the deal for Col. ('ole, but very bttle in it for the Government.
The
New,
Cheap,
Stylish.
+0+0+
J. H. SHAW.
Bargains.
Statement» made in the House of Commons show that the Conservative royal commission on the liquor traffic cost #8iUW4, while the Littéral plebiscite cost #180,000, with some of the hills not yet in. The Liberal humbug was more than twice as costly as the Conservative one. It is fair to the Li lierais, however, to say that their device killed prohibition federal political movement, most for the money they spent. -troal Gazette.
Our Spring stock is ordered and will soon be on hand. In order to make room for it we are selling off our whiter goods cheap for cash. \	*
as a
They got Mon-
la the Meantime
Try our “ B ” Brand Sy-
rup—a real luxury—at #1.00 per pail
Looks Like Business Now
It i> good m u > for ( Htawa that a strong syndicate has lieen formed in London, with a capital of #-5,-OCU.OiK) to build the Georgian Bay Canal. The scheme is one that has commended itself to such men of wide experience in transportation as Sir W. C. \ an Horne, who has unreservedly endorsed it, as well as some of the best engineers on the continent. The expenditure of such a large sum of money as will be required for .the construction of this great public 'Work will he a great thing for the capital and the Ottawa Valley generally, as well also the subsequent advantages that
from the diversion of the
< Htawa Citizen
Another party of Doukhobors will shortly be on their way to Canada, the 17th of this month a party of a thousand sailed from Cyprus on the Beaver Line Steamship Lake Superior, and it is expected that they will arrive at Quebec somewhere between the fourth and tenth of of May. It will be remembered that these Doukhobors went to Cy-
tirne ago but the climate did not agree them, and something like live hundreotbed. The thousand which w ill shortly be ou their way to Canada, are the remainder of the lot.
On
We can recommend
Our Ceylon Tea—makes a delight ful beverage.
Get a Package
urua some
Of our .‘‘Maracaibo’ Coffee—Pre-paired especially for our trade.
Pasturage.
PLANING,
, MATCHING_________
removal. 4 DRESSING tie bill electric to.
rorm partie* requiring pan-ill be prepared 10supply tbe
T desire to Inf tarage, that I w same at the following rate®
Year old cattle, 40cents per month.
Aged cattle, flu cents ••
Horses, term#made known on application
BOOT. HARRIS,
IM No. 2nd Range,
clarendon
SILAS 70UNQ
Starke’s Corners.
must accrue bulk of the grain trade through by this
route to the sen.
In Toronto some big employers of male and female labor pay such paltry wages that it is questionable if they could
educate, clothe, feed, house, i-----
in acknesss ard bury after death slaves, and get from them the same ser* vice at as little cost as they now get from free men and women be answerable for the lives of slaves. Self interest would make them careful of the health of slaves. As matters stand now they are not answerable for the lives or the health of those who serve them, and the employee who contracts a gnawing disease is turned from the door to die when and where he must.—Toronto Sun.
raise
nurse
April 18th,isbft
Ottawa Journal :—Mr. McLeod Stewart’s invincible pertinacity seems to have succeeded in forming a strong company in England to take up the prosecution of the Montreal, Ottawa and Georgian Bay Canal scheme
<»f the company does not ensure the H|
The meagre cable details do not give much information as to the programme of the company, but we take it for granted that no company would dream of beginning the work without government aid. The company which Mr. Stewart has formed is probably conditional upon government assistance.
The chief importance of the news is probably therefore that some strong financial men have become really interested in the canal scheme, and that the Dominion government’s attention will be called to it even more forcibly and directly than heretofore.
The scheme has been pretty forcibly brought to the government’s attention already. Pearson & Son, the London contracting firm, the largest of the kind in the world, brought the matter up pretty forcibly at last session of parliament when they offered to supply the capital and build the canal for a government guarantee of 2 per cent, for 20
If the new company
will do
i
They would
Of course, the formation
Having removed my stock
to the premises lately occupied by Mrs. James McCredie, I wish to inform old customers and the public generally that I will be found in the stand with a choice stock of-x
^SEASONABLE FRUIT,
CON FECTI EN A R Y, and
STAPLE GROCERIES
NOW BONE AT
Car*run at Interval# of twenty minutes In the morning and fifteen minute# In the after noon, dally, Sunday# included.
con
struction
Elliott & Barber’s Mill
Close connection* are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
SHAWVILLE.
new
Baggage promptly handled
We wish to inform the public that having just added a first-class Planing Machine to our other plant, we are prepared to do Planing/ Matching and Dressing at short notice, and also supply all demands for rough and dressed lumber.
W. R. TAYLOR.
There has been a marked decrease in drunkenness in Boston during the past three years. In 1800 the number of arrests for this offence was 20,840 which fell to 19,252 in 1897, and to 10,028 last year. This gratifying decline is attrib uted to the more prosperous times and indusial activity, and also to the probation system. This system, it appears, is working well. When a person is arrested for being drunk his case is fully investigated, and if circumstances warrant it the prisoner is released and put on his good behavior. The probation c tticer asserts that many reformations have been effected by this scheme.
Sec. Trea*
D. WILSON,
The Celebrated . • .

Opposite Pontiac House»
f f
NORTH WEST
SHAWVILLE, - QUE. * e-«ntiiy .r
Has proven itself to be the Best and most Economical Farmers’ Stove on
the market.
Logs and Shingle Wood
Still Required.
A
One Foreigner Equal to Four Britishers.
care
ELLIOTT & BARBER.
Very few Canadians would be willing to admit that the average family of for-from Continental Europe who
Shawville, JanuaJy 24, 1899
A Word to the Wise Is Sufficient.

eignera
cannot speak English are worth more than four times as much to Canada as a family of English speaking people from the British Isles, but that is how they rated by the Government of Canada, which offers the following bonuses to a gents of steamship companies :
To British agents of steamship com-paniee, 7«, or $1.70, for adults, and Its (id,
or 85 cents for children.
To continental shipping agents, five
dollars a head.	, .
For a foreign family consisting of man, wife and five children the steamship a-agents would receive thirty-five dollars from the Government, while for a British family of the same size they would re* ceive about $7.65.
This discrimination is not a new thing. It has been in operation for spme time. It never was a wise arrangement, and now when the United States has stringent laws to shut out undesirable immigrants the effect of it is likely to be disastrous to Canada. If any discrimination is made it should be in favor of British immigrants.
At a tern Dominion !
BUSINESS
CHANGE.
years on the cost
can do any better than that, it very well. Possibly the new company is f, rmed upon that basis, and with the Pearsons in it.
The revised edition of Rand, McNally & Co’s atlas published 44 By the authority of the Minister of the Interior,” in Chicago has made its appearance and very little better than the first edition of two hundred thousand which had to be destroyed. It is true that an attempt lias been made to correct many of the ridiculous wich appear in the first edition, but there still enough sins of omitsionand com• to make it unreliable, and of litAs an instance Ottawa, which
Therefore we need not dwell on their many merits say that anyone requiring a first-class article should call and see them before purchasing any other kind. It will be to your interest to do so.
Suffice it to
are

To Build the Georgian Say Canal
errors
ABLE ANNOUNCING THE FORMATION OF A
strong company to start work at
ONCE -TO BE COMPLETED IN THREE
YEARS.
Other Styles.
The undersigned desire to inform the people of Shawville and surrounding country that they have bought out the Tinsmlthlng Business and Stock of Mr. HARRY PERRY, In Shawville aud that they Intend carrying on the same In the old stand-opposite the Russell House. By strict attention to business and square dealing they hope to merit a fair share of the public patron-
are
We have several other styles of Stoves on hand, so that we are in a position to satisfy intending purchasers with anything they may require. -
mission tie value
appeared in the first edition as the capital of Ontario, is replaced by Toronto, but thereby gets dropped altogether, and does not appear at all on the lists of Canadian cities, u—-house in Ottawa, too.
'
Montreal, April 20. — A cable has been received announcing that a syndicate has been formed in London to construct the Georgian Bay and Ottawa Ship Canal, and it is intended to begin the work at once and finish it within three years.
The Dominion syndicate capitalized at £5,000,000 w ill undertake the w ork of bidding the canal. Mr. McLeod Stewart who is now in London will return to Ottawa April 29th. The syndicate also aims to develop the electrical, pulp and mineral resources of the district along the route of the canal.
The syndicate is one of the strongest ever floated in London. Sir Edward Thornton is chairman and others associated with him are Mclver of the Cunard Company; Jones of the Elder, Dempster Line and many others. The consulting engineer is Sir Benjamin Baker, while Lord Kelvin ii consulting electrical engineer
R. J. BLACK, AGENT,
And Mr. Sifton owns a
Hon. Mr. Ross sought to justify the action of the Ontario Government in adding $3,000,000 to the liabilities of the Province of Ontario for the benefit of the
of railroads in the northern
age
P. S.—-Lowest Prices.
THE STOCK COMPRISES A NICE LINE OF
COOKING, BOX AMI PARLOI R
Farm and Stock for Sale.
i
on
promoters	¦¦ ¦¦ P	¦ ¦
part of the province, by stating that the
present generation had done little to assist in railroad development. We venture to assert that Mr. Ross cannot ooint out a single state in the Union that is contributing half as much as the Province of Ontario to the aid of railway enterprises. Yet, notwithstanding this, we are to be taxed for the next forty years for the benefit of another crowd of bonus hunters. If Providence had not lean kind to us in providing us with a thrifty population and a fertile soil, the.province would long have been hoptlessly rupt. —Toronto Sun (Patron.)
-STOVES-
I offer for sale the North East quarter of Lot No. 7, on the 5ih range of Clarendon, containing about €0 acres. Soli, clay and loam, and In excellent condition. There are about 50 acres cleared, 40 of which are stumped and In good state of cultivation. The premises are well watered, a creek running through II:	^	,
There are erected on It a frame house and kitchen, veneered, also wood shed, 2 barns and other outbuildings. The property Is beside the Lilly Cheese factory and joins the Corporation of Shawville.
The following stock are o fibred for sale. 1 span of horses, 5 years old; 1 foal by Rustic Lad; ' six head of cattle, also farm Implements and machinery. For further partie-•PPlytotb.own.r^
Shawville, Que.
held in the
____	Ottawa, on
Wednesday last, Rev Dr. Rose gave it as his opinion that the country was not yet ripe for prohibition.
aperance meeting Methodist church,
STOVE FURNISHINGS,
COOKING UTENSILS, TINWARE, AGATEWARE, &c.
f
—of all kinds satisfactorily done, at—
'moderate prices.
The flood in the Muskrat and Indian rivers caused considerable damage at Pembroke last week. A portion of the
Sir H. H Fowler, ex-aeoretary IC. P. R. trestle bridge was swept a wav,
for India is solicitor. Mr. Joseph Cham-land the main pipe of the waterworks berlain will be asked for an Imperial sub-1 broken. Several premises along the liver were flooded.
\
GEO. ». DALE. ROBT. A. DALE.
U• T.—The Highest Cash price paid for Hides and Pelts.
Shawville, N>v. 15,1998.
bank
sidy.
y

_
###PAGE###5###


T

V
La&los to Revise tail List
For Sale :
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
For the benefit of the Indy exhibitors, below is a copy of class Si, 22 and 23 of lest year's. prise list. Improvement is wanted, and the directors don't know Wheat, tests over 00 pounds per bushel. | how. Will the ladies come to their axsis-Prioe 90 cents
It is the Man who likes to be well Dressed
Seed Wheat.
First class White Scotch
€>??????0
Will find we pay particular attention to Fine Tailoring.
Our past achievements have been great.
Being spurred on by success we purpose for Spring of 18{M> to lead the van in—
we are after.—Every style, kind and fashion finds its earliest showing here.
The men to whom we expect to sell
Shorty’s
Ready Tailored Clothing
rmat A
Are the Men
tance and send the See Treat, a revised list un or before the first uf June next ? when a committee will be appointed to examine said list# and select the moat
Need Potatoes,
M11 Empire State,’1
" Burpee’s Earliest of All,” I luitable for next annual exhibition : — u li Thoroughbred Early,” ^adieu’ Department, class 21.
*«_« ««•*< i,er
Also, 1 3-yr. old Colt, get oft I Button Holes on different material
Blakely horae, (ploughed laet fall.) Coverlet, knitted cotton, unwashed
1 2-yr. old Filly.—Have too Qu,|n white* <iuilttid;
many horses—want to get rid of #ome. | H^dSew^g.8’
Plain
Shirt, hand made, fine.
Shirt, machine made, fine.
Man s Shirt, flannel.
Specimen Darning on Stocking.
Lace, wool, knitted.
Lace, cotton, knitted.
Lace, wool, crochet.
Lace, cotton, crochet.
Best Display of Useful Ladies' Work the work of one person.
Fancy knitting in wool.
Kensington.
Fancy knitting in cotton.
Two pairs Woollen Socks.
Two pairs Woollen Mittens. Patchwork Quilt, cotton.
Patchwork Quilt, woollen.
Tufted cotton Coverlet.
Home made Coverlet, crochet.
Log Cabin Quilt, wool.
Make it a point to leave your order early. | Log Cabin Quilt, col ton.
Hank home made Yarn.
Floor Mat, 3x2 feet.
Rag Carpet, not less than 10 yds.
Fancy Work, Clam 22.

/

?
i

i
A

3

V

High-Class Tailoring.


The most fastidious young mail can always be suited in one of Frame’s Suits.
The distinctive elegance of our style asserts itself as exceptionally exclusive.
CHAS. FRAME,
FINE TAILORING
(W G Bank, - - Sùawyille.
GEO. TOWBLL,
!
eir«
who have worn made to measure clothes.
If you travel iu this class we should like to see you.
NORTH CLARENDON.

I
I
7/

For the
Spring Trade.
I
Shorey’s Guarantee Card in the pockets of each garment means :

SAMPLES OK ALL KINDS OF
SATISFACTION OR YOUR MONEY BACK
THE
LATKHT
IMPROVED
and, as we dislike to return money we must give yon satisfaction. You cannot get anything more than this.
?
now on hand for Inspection.
A	ESTABLISHED 1886.
As to where the Latest Styles in I r The Shawvilie Clothes are, read the Signa- |; ture below. Let it be your
Guiding Star.
An Immense Assortment of
MENS’ SUITS, BOYS’ SUITS, YOUTHS’ SUITS.
CHILDRENS' SUITS,—(three pieces—Brownies)—•
Very Neat and New.
Prices always Right.
SAS1I and DOOR
FACTORY.
ALSO A STOCK OF
Directors in chargeh Brakazon and Clarke
Ornamental Needle Work, wool on canvas.
Ornamental Needle Work, cotton.
aa'd Carts, |
Embroidery on Satin.
Embroidery on Plush.
Embroidery on Cotton.
Embroidery, chain stitch.
BUCCIES!c“am"’"0'
Drawing Room Screen.
Macramé Work.
Arresene Work, itibboneene Wotk.
Cheneille Work.
Crazy Work.
«^-Shawvilie. I £5
I Darned Netting.
I Spatter Work.
! Stitches on Silk. *
Stitches on Linen.
Embroidered Table Dover.
Embroidery, cotton, display Embroidery, bed set* «
Embroidery, infant shawl.
Embroidery, tea erzy.
Embroidery on Ribbons.
Embroidery on drawn threads. Handkerchief or Glove Bjx.
Sofa Pillow.
Toilet Cushion.
Lamp Mats, fancy.
Toilet Ret.
Paper Flowers.
Wild Moss, ornamental.
Tidy, crochet.
Tidy, not crochet.
Crochet Cape.
Lambrequins.
Best display cf Ladies’ Work, ornamen tal, woik of one person.
Drawing, etc.. Clash 23.
Director in charge, W. A. Armstrong.
Painting on Jars, one pair.
Painting on Glass.
India Ink Drawing.
Pencil Drawing.
Crayon Drawing.
Oil Painting Portrait.
Oil Painting, scenery in county.
Oil Painting, any subject.
Water Color Painting.
Water Color on Silk.
Collection of Flowers.
Expresses,
—ALL KINDS OK —
Waggons,
Interior & Eiterior
FINISH FOR
Souses & Verandahs
and a carload of
CARRIAGES
MANUFACTURED
and
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, A.. &( ,
Kept in Ntoc-k an<l made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULAR PRICES
V
expected daily.
Tb 6. P. HOUaiHS
\
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
S.—Trousers Jackets and Overalls, all Sizes and Prices
McCKEDIE & HOJXtINS.
A. SMILEY
5
P
Estimates furnished
A Horror on the Pacific.
tea

: ! Stevens Ri fles
; 4
Late British market reporta show the prices of American bacon to have advanced over thoee of the Canadian product. This has nothappened foru number of years, and ii regarded as ault of the removal of the duty from
American corijMMflBHHIHHpHH
have been feeding American corn because it is cheaper, and have produced.* more inferior qualityxf	‘“The Am-
ericans, Oil the 'other hand, have been feeding pease, and have there made an improvement in their hog products, and consequently are getting inside of their Canadian cousins. The lesson this state of affairs teaches, is too plain to require dwelling upon, further than to point out the doubtful advantage that, accompanies one sided free trade.
NINE MEN PERISHED IN AN OPEN BOAT
m
U
San Francisco. Calif., April 22 —The j , steamer city of Para from ’Central American ports, brings details of an ocean tragedy. While the vessel was at Curin' to an open boat containing the remains I T jf nine men who perished months ago, drifted ashore. The bodies were hor* jj ribly emaciated, and the manner in which , ; , their limbs were contracted showed that j • i they must have died in terrible agony. \ J Not a drop of water and not a particle . <UVo of food was iu the boat. *	; * j
Maslen, .,
PRACTICAL > WATfUMAKER
ft
one re

: 1
1
I
are guaranteed to be
Canadian hug raisers
• Bd
SAFE^ SOLID, | ACCURATE,
•X
JEWELLER


W
KEEPS
A SELECT STOC K OP
WATCHES.
CLOCKS. JEWELLERY, SILVERWARE Ac. Ac.

> 4
1 "
? 4

the
$6.oo “ Favorite”
' J to our most expensive “ Ideal.”

« «
as*
V
r
X!
In December last, Louis \V of the Eltriumfo Pier Company, three of * j
ÊEBE2-
the mail boat and stayed until signs of an ? i We guarantee it in every respect. Noth- » ] approaching storm warned them to return. ' J tag cheap about it but the price.	?	<
The gale came up quickly and overtook [ « Made regularly In .23. .25 and .33cal- J J the boat soon after it got away from the ; libre rim-flre. .25-20 STEVENS, .33*40.,, steamer. It was never seen again until ) J .33-55 and. 44-40 cenier-flre.	i	i
it floated into Corinto harbor. Louis W. » i IN SPECIAL SIZES, #13.00.	\
Maslen, was the SOll of E. W. Maslen, ’ J Send stamp for comf'Ule Catalog and » deputy naval officer of this port. The I X	Hand Hook.	**
names of the other victims are not given
-s v
Ht '
L.
Repairin'
A SvEvlALITY
SHAWVILLE, Q.
A Threat of Retaliation
The Ottawa correspondent of the Toronto Globe Htatea that if the Government of the United States prohibits the importation of Canadian lumber on account of the Ontario law providing that log» cut from limits obtained from the Government must be manufactured into lumber in that province, the Canadian Government will immediately impose an export duty <>n nickel ore and nickel matte, as the mass of nickel, copper, cobalt, etc., produced by roasting, is called. He explains that the United States have to have our nickel, hut in older that it shall be refined in the United Sûtes an import duty of six cents per pound on oxide of nickel, or about eight cents fier pound on the refined article is imposed, wh le the raw material goes in free.
The Globe article is evidently inspired by the Dominion Government and may lie regarded as a semi-official challenge to the United Sûtes. The threat to put an export duty on nickel ore and matte in case the Americans prohibit the importa tion of Canadian lumber implies that if the Americans do not take such action an export duty will not he imposed. During the season of 1897 the Dominion Parliament, with the approval of both parties, authorized the Government to place export duties oil pulp wood, silver, lead and nickel ores. It was not intended that this power should be exercised only for the purpose of protecting the lumber interests of Canada. The object in view was to secure the esUblishinent in Canada of pulp and1 paper mills and bring about the refining of lead, silver, copper and nickel in this country, thus giving i ploy ment to thousands of Canadians d putting into circulation in Canada every year millions of dollars now going to develop the United Sûtes.
The Canadian Government should impose an export duty on nickel, no matter what action the United Status Gov eminent may Uke regarding Canadian lumber. Millions of dollars will be invested in the establishment of refining works in Canada as soon as an export duty is imposed, and it is as foolish to allow the raw nickel to go out of the country for the benefit of the United Sûtes as it was to allow logs to be exported instead of lumber for so many Montreal Star.
PATENTS
PROMPTLY SECURED
J. STEVENS MHS INS TSOI CO., Ï
Write for our interesting books “ Invent or’s Help" and “How you are swindled. Send uh a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patcnUble. We make a specialty of applications rejected in other ha mid. Highest references furnished.
MARION * MARION PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
Civil é Mechanical Engineers, Graduates of the Polytechnic School of Engineering, Bachelors in
Society of Civil Engineers.	#
.	( NEW YORK LIFE B'LD'O., MONTREAL CAN
OFF.CES: ATLAMTlf BUILDING., WASHINGTON, D O.
P 0. Box
CHICOPEE FALLS, MASS,
Epidemic of a Dreaded disease Feared. ,

Toronto, Ont., April 21.—One of the ;
most malignant diseases known to phy- %*wo hundred lives are reported to have sicians, cerebrc-spinal meningitis, may, been |OBt aa the result of a terrihe hurri-according to Dr. Bryce, secretary of the Provincial Board of Health, become epidemic over a considerable portion of the
cane which swept the coast of North Queensland, Australia, a few days ago. Those who lost their lives were all natives with the exception of fourteen. Nearly 100 besides were wrecked, and the monetary damage has been estimated at from $250,000 to $300,000.

Trouble Threatened in the Yukon
continent.
It is the disease of which Archdeacon Boddy’sson died so suddenly a few months In its malignant form the dis-usually followed by fatal results within 48 hours.
Skagway, Alaska, April 14, via Seattle, I Since the new year physicians have be-Wash., April 19.— The action of Deputy come alarmed at the prevalence of the United States Collector of Customs An- disease. Ontario is not exempt. One drews in holding all liquors for the in- case was recently reported from Peterboro terior here and refusing to forward them and two from Guelph. In some of the by convoys so long as the Canadian ofti- States of the Union it is also very pre-ciale insist upon stopping American ofti- valent. The physicians are very much cers at the summit, has caused an accumu- in the dark as^to to the nature of the delation In the bonded warehouse, until to- ease. They have discovered the germ day there are nearly 100 tons of liquors of and are not yet certain that the di-tease all kinds awaiting the action of the tec -1 may not be directly communicated, retary of the interior. In the meantime, a liquor famine is threatened at Atlin,
Log Cabin and Bennett, and smugglers are making money.
There is a strained feeling toward the Canadian officials because of their arbitrary assumption of the summit as the boundary line and it would not take much to cause a clash
AMERICANS DETERMINED TO RESIST PROPOSED CHANGE BY CAN*.
ADI AN AUTHORITIES.
ago
ease is
The village of Skead a Mills has been changed to the name Westboro.
Ponton, the alleged Napanee Dominion Bank robber, will be re tried at Toronto.

A. J. JACKSON.
A portion of the C. P. It. round house, at Fort William, Ont., and seven engines were destroyed by tire on Wednesday
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
last
; The oldest Orangeman Mr. E. H. Whitmarch died Monday night, recently, at his home in Merrickville at the age of 88 years.
At Hamilton on Wednesday last Benjamin Parrott, charged with the murder of bii mother, was sentenced to be hanged on J une 23rd.
The Government proposes to buy out the Drummond County Railway for the sum of $1,350,000, and make it a portion of the Intercolonial.
The Chinese population of Tresno, California, engaged in the pastime of pumping lead into each other a few nights -, Several were killed and a number were wounded.
The result of the inquest held to inquire into the death of Lavina St. Ogne, mentioned in our last issue, returned a verdict of murder with a strong suspicion that Boileau and his wife were connected with the crime. As a consequence both have been arrested and lodged in Hall jail.
——o
House & Sign Painter, Glider, Glazier, Decorator,
Coercion Act Stands
A BILL TO REPEAL IT WAS DEFEATED IN THE BRITISH HOUSE YESTERDAY.
O
London, April 19,-The House of Com mon» to-day, by a vote of 220 to 141, re
truth in the reported battle between I ^ng^he"c%ercion ac"of 188L after the miners and mounted police on the bound- *	*, 8eneral for Ireland, the Right
ary line in the Porcupine dutrict, it is Hon J Atkinson, had pointed out the stated that a forward move was contem- .«iciencv of the act, the existence of plated by the Canadians and all arrange- . = h Mierted, had “ brought about ments haa been made te move the bound- D’reeent peace." All rejoiced, the ary line far enough toward the coast to attor„ey general added, in the wisdom embrace the rich diggings of the Porcu- , jui,|£eof the act, and he demanded pine river. The miners there, number- the Jee of this instrument, "ready for
'2 h,‘„d I »'
that their attempt to ercroach on Ameri ,	. ...	•__,	»
can territory would result in bloodshed. It is stated that the new timber laws of
No move was made, however, the I Ontario will be means of putting Canadians having evidently reconsidered about ten thousand Michigan mill men 1 their intentions.	| out of employment.
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLYÀTTBNDEDTO,
While there is
em
ESTIMATES FURNISHED
no
an
o
FIRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP AND SAT
ago
IS FACTION GUARANTEED.
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE

COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
years

###PAGE###6###

pni ANh If Fl) THF VAN Mh(' Horary of the University olCrsoow, tile who do not read, and who neglect
I UL/illl/ LLU 1 lie f /llle it |g not |Italy that we shall ever learn all culture are very dull, and uninter-
any more about them and about their eating; their conversation is of the
A bombshell has just been oust IntoI blohfrL^^LlîcwZ wid'.m. and""e' I suial'ust *Ulk 'poisU.I*"1 AhT m* n*wh," the various oauips of the woman'» oeitful young men.	always stay* In hia native villagemuat
In the aeveuteenih century Eng- I rights advocates throughout the world. I Kven though the Parliament did not ever have the most circumscribed noland and other countries began im- I Qne uf t^e	of these advocate» Krant their petition, let us hope that lions uf the world, so he who never
Hblland	has been	termed the	Cow's	I porting the breed, but nowhere el.se	ti,ov r*_	1 al* married happily. Though	reads must have similarly confined
Paradise,	because there everythin* is in the known world is the gentle, in-	18	tbftl tbe movement wmch they	they knew it not, they were forerun-	idea* as to what other persona have
. rT .	, ...	r , telligent and most invaluable cow present is essentially modern; Indeed, ners of women who have played a con- said and thought and felt. Heading
« o	a e a cow si life one of	beau	1 awarded such tender, loving care and	to	judge from their writings and	aiderabie part in our day, and for this	is a species ot travel for the mind ; it
luxurious apartments as in Holland. |	hDt.vohe. thev are- firmly convinced	reason, if for no other their quaint	admits us to the minds erf others great-
111	petition, now brought to light for the	er and wiser than ourselves. If our
1 h it no such movement could have |	tjme after muny years, deserves | consideration uf culture becomes nar-
rowed down to a eulogy of reading, this is lit lbs wonder, for in a wise reading does truly exist nine-tenth» of thi »H»st education. For our own sake, and the sake of those with whom we have intercourse, it is well for us to seek
In Uifr.se last year» uf the nineteenth I «uch culture. Its acquirement is not â £	||	1 a task, but the greatest of pleasures,
Cultured people are rarely dull, and tie need to say a word in praise of cut- rarely Iwcome bore# They alone
turc. In certain circles, indeed, the enjoy the truest sweets of leisure, and
their mind/ is stored with resources. But we must hover forget that culture alone is not a moral agrenoj.
I and white cattle known as the IIol-atein-Knveiau breed, peculiar to th
be traced back more than
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
country, may two thousand yearn, although their fine qualities were not known to the world untu a much later date.

THE PETTED COWS OF HOLLAND
tj, comfort and even luxury.
In summer and in winter the cow Is the one object of the thoughtful, loving o&re of the farmer and his fam-
FO 1)1) Kit CORN
gained any headway in any previous | attention age for the reason that not until now have we arrived at the age of true civilization and enlightenment.
An antiquarian was examining some old books in the library of the University of Cracow, in Poland, recently, | century it may scorn that there is lit-w hen he came across an original docu
In the cultivation of the Indian corn
crop, a few points are important. They Early in May the cattle are turned I are still either unknown or overlookout to pasture where the grass grows ed by many farmers, moat luxuriantly; the fields being should got a g»*od start mowed and fed to cattle on alternate |should be fully manured near the surface, or the corn .should be planted
iiy
CULTURE.
A com crop The land
>
years
Ditches from fifteen to twenty feet I in a seed bed prepared by the plow wide, of deep blue water, separate the | ing under of add or clover, fields ; those are spanned by rustii
bridges having bolted gates to preveht (grassy, a surface cultivation at two inintruders among the cattle
Scattered throughout each field are I spring, will give the weeds a chance scratching posts for the comfort of ti> start, when they will be dost mythe kino, for even the well-eared for, ed by the tillage preparatory to the •leek-coated Hols rein-Friesians cattle planting of the corn. The labour of enjoy a good scratching occasionally.
Many farmers are so thoughtful of their cattle as to put onto them linen covers to protect them from flies and other insects, as well as from the raw winds.
In the midst of exquisite emerald-green fields of from twelve to fifteen acres each, with abundant water always at hmd, the cow a spend at least eight or nine months of the year; coming together in squads toward five o'clock daily to await the milkers with the great shining brass cans.
-, Di November, when the weather becomes too cold for tho cows to remain out of doors, they are driven into their respective farmyards to be sized up by their owners ; that is, the farmer will pair them off according to their height and size, and then let them enter the cow si able to take their places in ihie long row of stalls on one aide of the really elegant cow «tables, the tallest couple to occupy the center stall and the couples to graduate in height dow n tow ai ds either end of the row.
can
ment, bearing the date 1G40, and entit led "Young Women's Petition.” At- I worship of culture bas been carried to traded by this curious title, he read an absurd extent, it has boeu cons id-on and found that the document con- ered as a panacea for all evils, as the tained a petition from the young wo- sole remedy of bad manners ami bad men of Poland and Lithuania to the morals—the one requisite for a golden Parliament which had just then been age. Those who best know what true summoned by King Ladislaus IV. A culture ia will be the last to claim for footnote showed that the petition was it any such extreme merits ; they rea-duly laid before the Parliament by sev- I li*o too well its merits, und also its era I young women, who had been elect- grand and undeniable advantages. It
If the land he foul with weeds or
tenais of ten days each, early in the
MARRIAOE CEREHONY IN EtiYPT
A wedding is always an interesting event, even to those who are not directly concerned in it. Especially so in Egypt, where Oriental hospitality extends so far as to welcome visitors
keeping the field clean during the summer will be very much lessened by such a treatment in th
spring
A variety of corn should be select-! ed for the purpose and who were sup- may safely bo affirmed that licither the ed which will arrive at the glazing posed to represent all the mnrriagable world nor any individual will ever be
ÏTÆ?.b SfliiLT11	«—>
It should he planted in rows or The petition contains twenty-five and intellect alone. Rightly speaking, hills	not less than three	feet apart,	separate requests, and the first reads:	(hat which we know aa culture is not
th"lOW*' ^ ^ould be	planted so	"in view of the fact that the young	mortal at all; it is mental. Mortal
iban	' hlle“to‘*01 e"f«>tnin	eaTh °r^	m<>n of tbis C0UDtr>' are accustomed to	culture is more generally known as reif in	hills, from four to	six stalks	BPen<1 far too much time in courting	ligion—or some may call it philosophy.
Per hill. If the seed be sound and	and	avoid entering the state of wed-	A great deal too much moral virtue
of a high percentage of vitality,about	luck	as much l&s possible, we, your peti-	has been claimed for intellectual ci:?-
enough ,,OUn<k °*	8Vt<1 1>er acre is tioners, humbly ask that a limit beset ture and education. Even like arts,
It is usually n good plan to harrow to time for courtship, and that it hie and beautiful as they are, aie not q narrQW gtreet thpn acrQ8H imother the corn crop with light harrows when be made obligatory upon the young IU themselves moral, however excel- ,	..	,	..	v>.
the plants are about four inches above men to marry the young women whom lently they may be adapted to moral M> *	* ..Cn .	6 *e U|> *
- 7*--	r r t	-4-	•rr•?
nflrr »	rain. But thr ground nhould	,<>llowln8 JunP nfter	,bp.v begin to	lu themselves	absolutely non moral, i of	#	i|a|k	8(rpe(	betw,en	(wo	hi	,
be dry enough to be in good working	keep	company together. And we beg	though one xuay be used for anthems;	..	,	.	.	,	....	,	...
tilth before <b, harrowing is done,	that	a fine of one thousand Polish gul-	and hymns, une fur sa, red pictures. I"""' ^P^ely	filled	with men
aIxv .y's Lh,ai'l!m. Th"'n^'.Vuf"ihe lurn <le"s be irap<,sed on. e,irl‘ >'ou,’K m“n ““d 'he other fur teaching the high-plant grow out sideways ; where the w^° courts a maiden and who eat lessons. Before we make a claim cultivation cuts these off, great injury does not marry her the following June, t^r greater culture in the-se things - rroP is done.	and we suggest that such fines be used we must learn to estimate them at
crop	for^n!ilagchiCia when t	J^the support of youb, Poiiah oprban	their tru. value.	All huugb, in the beat
kernels	in	the ears are of full size.	Two of the requests	relate to mer-	«use only that	is beautiful which is	h|i,linntly	illuminated,	and	within
hm before they begin to harden. That cenary marriages and the honorable good, yet there is a quest of beauty .. .	Wl4dein-	p.rftlnonv
plants will contain the largest quan- "no father shall in future give his whose ciy has been education and ait
! Mty of digestible matter, and will he daughter in marriage to a man whom have too often foi gotten huw slight the
,m Ihuir host condition for préserva- she docs not love."	moral worth of such may be. It is the
I he feeding value per acre i.s These Polish lassies show small ,	f .	,	,	.*	...	...
house and separated from the living	greatest when 1 he crop	is nearly	mu-	mercy to bachelors. "Too many young	cullule 01 tne fieai 1 alone mai win	, tary
rooms by a gla^s door; so Hans and	turc but not	ripe.	men/ they say. "shun the quiet pleas-	reform the world, not that of the irnag-	takeu g	frum ^	aQd	conducted	to
Uls Hou can sit in their best room	^	- - —	---- urea of domestic life and thus, gradu- inative and mental faculties, Having ljle	our men being shown into
and yet keep an eye vu their beluv-	UNSUSPECTED VILLAINY.	ally g row old without ever entering admitted this it is possible to place a rooD, beside another reserved for the
jurtiï.ï.tisu'ïïi azs .^;y»-wb.re,d. g-ssr— —^ - -
î” z, trsis. ra is 2ss--:X5&-1,r "" ""	"S.-yteiu. ......1	%
walls to a height uf six or seven feel,	1	each year with the object that they England by < feigner» has usually been Hown to dinner. And such a dinner!
above which rises a high peaked roof,	---- may become better acquainted with that we have neglected culture,—that j canriof the menu. The master
thatched, or partly thatched, and	AN AWFUL MISTAKE.	pitch other and that thu.^ the number we are a nation of shopkeepers, with Gf ceremonies saiYTitaf he presumed
SSfeVK? - “““ ““	1-	—«wk.	M’SSKtrasSfftS
The Hollanders are fond of gay col-	tf,n '( U>M 0	111 UI> b*	>uung c «ig>	«hall wilfully absent themselves from	1 ho charge, as such wholesale accusa-	whicl	we	complied.	.Snip, really	délions, su they often paint the walls of	nrfiMM.H fli vpr	such meetings be considered abandoned	tiuns must be, has always been an ex-	clous	chicken broth,	was	served	in	a
ami the beautiful blue of the water-	tun<1-	reads:— As widows. e\eu	though they	than ever before, but it may still be	H<lU„ from it.	Finally the chicker
way running nearby; for must farm-	have lost one or more husbands, do not	p,eased with some force. In ah ages,	was taken out	of the tureen, torn lirnl
era build close beside the waterways	WHY HE \\ AS ANGRY.	refrain from enticing innocent young and countries there is a struggle be- fn,m limb with the fingers and so
rrr^K.t.isKuris	*» <»» <»"*«<*.	g	xr^,sssx<es5,si s
Quaint old dressers and handsome-	using	nothing but candles. What is Fa sl> y1'1^ a,'<	\ 1 f l,	-	many persons of so-called education are	"Their costumes were of costly fably carved tables, loaded with heir-	that for/	Obstacle TouW be olaced	in the way	^uun,lly -env-ant even of the b.a-	rica, and they	were covered with dia-
looms of silver, of Chinese and Japan- Darklight—Merely out of curiosity. I f ' ,	, v,mnir women who tie- lory aud KO'graphy of his own coun- moods and pearls. In the middle of
•.se curiosities, and pretty native wares want to see if it will make any dif- •	'	‘ . rLmnselves attractive in try and thelr knowledge of our glur- (he room was a bower of roses for the
Sdorn the hills of the cows.	ference in my gas bills.	Î llLl Hr IL I Ln ®	‘	lous hte,ature is limited to the latest bride. On all sides rare Oriental carWide gutters extend the length of	-------------------- hurmonv with these reuuests is uov®lti- ,ljuL the lack iuf culture is not pets and embroideries. After wait-
the stalls at either end; that at the	CERTAIN INDICATIONS.	«nÜîherHiita^aw	beDassedcomDell-	confmed to-persons of this description,	ing an hour in the harem the bride
¦Ml **
....	bow hr WON BCR.	s;£jTTlttïK	!ST?tï
ery day; the cows are washed in warm ; Ha wksley—Here's a pretty girl eloped c;Mriv unfitted to become husbands ,	tru.V refines the mind and this ceremony, a procession formed id
soapsuds every morning, then care- with a dentist 1	in’j fathers	enlarges its vision, as the absorption the garden and marched around it t<
fully dried and rubbed. After being Blunt—H m ! I suppose at the last These petitioners however, have very °f. K°°/*	and of books which usu- the sound of music. Then the bride
washed and combed, their tails have minute he didn't pull the tooth ! original ideas as to what constitutes ,y , special student ignores com- groom's best man came out and made
straw plaited into the ends, which are	1--- suitable marriages. Thus in request 1 ,,tely* ,	«, ,	a speech on his behalf, which was ro
thi-r knotted and slipped through iron	OVERAWING TIIE LAITY.	No. IU they maintain that only persons loetry and the highest literature plie<l to by one chosen for the pur-
shhshs Wê£smwmfMt. SslSEü
on either side of the stall, yielding ^	”	_ I lulled them to make this remarkable he acqunement of knowledge, as well arrival, after a short time, there were
from twenty to thirty, or more, quarts	AT	proposition, but the	stress which they	88 tIie PU,SUR of commercial pros-	fresh screams, "A man in the harem r
at a milking. This is converted into	'	lay on it shows that they considered it Parity ; and both of 1 hose are too fond On went the lights, but the veils had
butter and cheese by the women.	Female Attendant (sympathetically) of great importance.	of sneenn¥ ttt l“at which, to their been put up. to come down again as
In the North of Holland most of the — That is a very sad case. The poor | History does not say whether the| mi, ro'v vlaioll« does not appear to lead, soon as the offending male had disap-milk is dvvoted to cheesemaking. The creature actually prefers comfort to Parliament granted their petition or I ‘muiediately to anything practical pea red. Cigarettes and sweetmeats celebrated Edam cheeses, which look style.	i not. Probably not, for if it had this I an,i remunerative. Hut the harvest of were handed around afresh and the
so much	like great red cannon balls Visitor—Goodness! And won’t	she	woman's right	movement in old Poland I culture is in the soul of	man itself,	ha rear resumed its wonted charm,
in the grocers* windows, are made from	ever recover her reason!	would surely have attracted some at-	and , remunerates even	beyond the
the fresh milk and exported to all	---- Mention not only from historians, but I ™-ere eainmc 01 facts and figures,
parts of the world.	DEADHEADS.	also from those who are making fl 1	r!', Iiia,kel8'. .	, .
In Friesland the milk is devoted to	.... special study of the woman's rights lb®r® .&.re	who boast with
huttermaking, such as brings extra daggles—M hy do you think those movement. As it is, we know no more I	pride that they never read «
high prices in the London and Paris don t worry clubs won't be a sue- about the young Polish women who	in ttteir lives, perhaps not even
markets	1	cess?	petitioned the honorable Parliament I a novel* buch are, indeed, to lie pitied,
•• Brave	Little Holland" has been Waggles—because the only	men	more than two	hundred and fifty years	and’ wbat is more, they will generally
Doted for	its dairv products since a*	figible to membership seem to	be	the	ago than we	learn here, and unless	be avoided by people of	cultivated
larly as the ninth century. The black | fellows who never pay their debts. ; some new documenta are discovered injunnd. with tew exceptions, ihj
and etrangers who care to go,although the motive may be—nay, usually i only idle curiosity
reformed by culture uf the imagination
Whereas, the ceremony of "tying the knot" only takes a few minutes in Christian coun-
tries, it lasts in Cairo from seven o'clock in the evening to eleven, and is like enacting a chapter in the "Arabian Nights," writes a correspondent. We drove to a remote part of Cairo, down one broad avenue into
thi' uncertain light of sparse lamps falling upon a sea of tarbooshes and the whites of eves
With difficulty ’ we made our way to the gate of the large garden in front of the Pacha's palace, the entire facade of which was
cor r
waa
ibout to take place.
Making our way on foot through
the crowd that filled the garden, we were met at the door by the master of ceremonies and bis private sec re-The ladies were immediately
><>ui eyes in amazement could you rule v one uf these Holland stables. 'They
are built us a pail uf tku farmer’s I tion
The bread was in
ndy

Sh<
T
)


)

)

over
The

!
1
or
JUST FITS HER.
Tommy—There's a girl at onr school mamma, they call " Postscript." Do you know why t'
Mamma—No, dear.
Tommy—Because her name la Ada-line Moore.

peu

¦

!
i
%
It

###PAGE###7###
gracious if la hi# w**rcy rlouu gom* i nuid, you have found this lift*, some forever f Hath lie in hi* anger shut ,»f you, u desert much. The in has his tender mercies ugainsi mo . As, mitten you by day. You hive been when you bave been walking m a thick consumed, almost of the desert, and vvisjd on a hot suimuei day, you heard you have staggered wearily ihe dash of fountains and your spirit „u in the long tramp. Your lips are was dntiled, so, while you were list patched; your tongue is fevered; your ening tor the answer, ilie pr mise of heart is sick. Wh it do you wunl (
God dsopped cool and trash and sparkI Bieud to feed yout hunger; water to mg from thethrouo:	1 hire is a river, Hike this all-consuming thirst,
the streams whereof shall in ike glul | ;,m glad to know that while van lithe city n our Uod. iuu ivjuived at ly oili»‘« may sometimrs run short of n the thought of the fountain. ^ oui supply of water, the New Jerusalem
fevered soul thrilled with the cool wiH nvver i„0k plvnty of water. Hive my departure, but in obedience to my touch, and you cried, hureka I hun-kal you ever thought minutely of that commands 1 have lound it. W uter ! void water, promise of the Bibb* that there will ,	, •	,
Bright water I hwi lasting water,	|„. living fountains in heaven? Not	l> e<uti,-b* f	out note ot comm* ui, are sometime"
hut sting from the tln.'iv.	such us we, see in our city parks,	«traiuelh us.'	tempted to ignore, if t hey do not ijune
1 go further, and say ihai sprinkling only a faint baptism uu the 16.	1 will pray the Father. 1 he fu(gel|	we need the Spirit of Uod
wate. t y dies ‘b« UutiP^1	llM	air, but c mmvnsurate with ilia great mysterious relationship of Son and to understand the th.ng, ot Uod.
meadows to drink, how mu. h du they „f Uod and the Lamb, living fountains ed by mortal mind. Dont speu.l tune Augu*tme. ..Lls peaco Wl,| K;v* us |iuy for that which they drink? l h.- of water. Flowing through that in trying to explain it. Another Com- in tho world to c<anv ; ptu<e he leaves
sa. I at.?. ¦axis .** -- t-rm ?;mi x ™ .:M~, ‘vsssr &
is it a glass? 1 here ts a tax on th* will be a river. ' London has a riwr forter is in 1 John 1, tiansla e< e,n^my. his peace ho wilt give city water, but no tax upon ihvgivai	running theough it, but that islhe fil-	“Advocate.M	Helper"	has	been sug-	Ui when we shall reign wnhuui any
that roll in perpetual volume to	thy I’hainvs. Paris has a river running	g^s^d as nearer	in	meaning	to	the	enemy; peace he leaves us, that here
iZ'pz sü;rgl1 v;„!cu:	w.,„.,«	>«. «* *.
.	refreshed the corn-fields ? Nothing.	It	through it, But that is disturbed by	work of the-Spirit	is	described	as	more |l(Jfl8iljJl. for us Lo disagree. In
fainting nom thv hmg way. 1 he cun- is free ; and so is this glorious Uospet. ,bv filthy gondoliers. Babylon of old pleading, arguing, convincing, in- him, and from him, have we our peace, tvens are empty. The hour of battle It is free in its pardon, h >pe and sal- bad a river running, through it, >«t Lt rue ting guiding and witnessing. He whether it be that which he leaves
. y	'	,	, it, or 1 will not have it. L am au in- p ui into th* river that flows through | himself had been doing. Abide with . brings us into the presence of the
burning sun ; pushing <ui through	Huf-	dependent man ; and 1 will give	so	the Eternal City. Uod ha*h made every	j yon forever.	Lifelong	fellowship.	Father," My peace 1 give unto you
location and beat. What is it	that	much to have my soul redeemed,	1	Un.p uf lb,it water Urigbi, and clear,	.... s	i i, .	,	lh unly	a	"A peace ihai ia mine." Not aa ibs
with him 1 \\ hat awful want fills Ins	0r he Nays. "I will do some grand,	the roll of Ha waters for ever and for	whoee lify	is iu	bondage to the	many a teacher and aj.mv an oldei
Sf.Sr %."%%%% I	"bat' Iiv”r:	' » -*»• , «.......—	3
5™™ esss	mmm
-•™™™ mm### M
ter has come to the rim. But when Uod, of Amaranth will ripple the waves. just as perverse ignorance ami folly ^ ^ nQ rjg|lt t(, nielumholy ib ,ut
in summer, pours out bis showers, he j I suppose you have	seen sheep and	will dwarf intellectual growth, and	lhe	st	„r apprehensive of	th	future
keetxs pouri g on and pouring un, un- lambs go down to the	river to drink.	just aa abuse of the laws of health	He	is with	us	to	th*. end.	Be	n d
til the grass blades cry, *'Knougli V* liai k ! 1 hear the voice of the sheep ...	,	.	.	,	afl.ûiâ<
and the flowers, '* Enough lH and the | and lambs of heaven now coming down j vs 1 par ilyze physical energies, so a
trees, “Enough!” but Uod keeps i frun Up* hills, coming	through all the	life sordid and bise will tend to expouring on and pouring ou, until the j valleys, coming down	to the river of	| tinguish di.-cei nm. ut. so thu the
fields are soaked, and the rivers over- heaven to drink, led on by one snow-'flow, and the cisterns are all filled, white Lamb, at whose bleat all the	-
The Bible is all a-sparkle with fotin- and the great reservoirs are supplied, flocks follow. Hear the bleating of Ul ‘ Uol>* bP,nl and
and thore is water to turn th.* wheel, that one white Lamb I And as the Ye know him "Are knowing him."
Th,, V» un	|	t. **._ rtoihim« «.«t. ggg,	5	. »U1 'T . •»	—-
most every chapter. Solomon, re- WM>lix , hemisphere. Abundance I, Life, looks down, and sees that one hh l11 je m >uu* ls in ><>u* freshed with the story of heaven, ex- And so with this glorious Uospel. En-, while Lamb leading all the great flock	Comfort less. Desolate/ "as or-
claims, "As cold water to a thirsty ough for one; enough for all. Thou-: of the redeemed, he takes his harp phans." t here is no connection ol
r - *r, "I - er tzrs &' xtss s ¦	a. %%%
tiy Isaiah, speaking „t the blessed- lheil. H,wls Other thousands will come; er than eaves' rustle or humming- fortless," orphans, of this verse uess of Christians, says, 'They shall and	yet the fountain will not be ex-	birds trill:	The	Lamb	which	is in	(>nv CHI1 8lu,iy the words and deeds of
spring as willows by the water-! ha listed. Hut glory be to Uod I that	the midst of the	throne	shill	lea-	^e disciples while Jesus was with
courses/' In the Canticles the Church in ,hifl GoaPel f ^'^ain there is water them to living fountains of water, and ^iem and not feel how lik* fatherless
i-	• enough for all the armies of the earth, , Uod shall wipe all teais from then	boys they would be with their ! conductors for protecting th
Is often spoken of as a well of living an(,	for aU the armies of heaven. You	eyes.	.	. . .	llabbi in the grave; sheep in the apparatus used in
and "streams from Lebanon.” ! can	not drink it dry. Oh, ye tempted	Blessed be	Uod for the	brightness,	nfi(lat ol solves/' indeed, and utterly
fha prophet, glowing with the amici- souls, come and drink of i his blessed ' ' ' t " reft eslunent, for the freeness, helpless when Sadduoee and Pharisee pat ion of the millennium wivs promise : “You shall not be tempted for he abundance, for the continuity should unite tor thdr rûin. I
“Streams shall break	forth in the^^ve that you are able,	iin-1 that	from	"f •bin g loi tous Uospel. Ho.	ev">	here assures them that t heir bereave-	' name fur i short cut to ground
tJiat water is typical of	'the Gospel	ISfi : " AI1 work	together	f-»r	light-house has been set up.	I h-11	J(J \eta little while, and the world	discharge would pierce th ur insulj
bwause of its brightness.	That wWoh	*°®d to„!hose who love	Uod “	Tmw T a f^s%i%i * TuL'o	U%re	n<> mun‘- "Beholdeth me no	tion and lead to inevitable delti union
gladness. But I have	to tell vou	For ^very humble guest.	g'.ei1 lanlem to slmie oxet the	sea of	Because I live, ye shall live also. "And |	A lightning-rod on a house or oth^r
that there is no brightness in it com-	Je?U8 ls,a,.1î!!t wilh f>l‘ene<1 orms ! t!,unrii!on ^011“’tmuble “it “needs’ no yf	llve also " I his is a prumise j buildings, if put up iu a proper way,
pared with this living fountain of the He	he bids you come :	temptation and Limit de. 1 n eus_ n uf (he resurrection; and more, ¦	¦
Uospel; for in each falling drop 1 see sin holds	you back, and grief alarms,	bum in agency to wind it	up.	h sh s	promise	of eternal life—a life
the glory of heaven. Good news M	,$ut ati11 thpre is room"	trough a,.lf ini “ni	h	l?!	which death has no power-given	to
Of od news !" The angels chanted it.'	1 stand,	this evening, offering	this	woilds suffering, , and	it	*ay* t«	all wht	trust their souls in the hands
"Behold I I bring you glad tidings of	to	all who are here, with	just	those who a le t oss. ng	on	1 b h y •	uf their	Saviour; of such a life the	retreat joy and salvation, which shall as much confidence that there is en< ugh	Keep	oil Un	nxksi	ti vsii.111	e	8Urrecllon (>f saved	Huuls is a
Be to all people." Joy of pardoned f»r them ns though	there were only	escape	if we negldot	su	great a sa	va-	sary episode.
UlSi	EiBlIiEss™ ==
shall hear the ripple of the wave, and jibe fountains have dried up; hut stand soever will, let him take the water of	xhe conditions under which the P sôn,., buildings contain in thdr roof,
every blind eye ^1 HI see the toes you on the banks of the Amazon, or life tietly.	promise is realized are here once fcore #0much metal that is well connected ic
of the crystalline brightness, and the |>f the St Lawrence, or of the Missies-	--.----- laid down. This is the fifteenth verse lht, ground by pirns, ilia, rods on the
glory shall cover the earth as the wa- W, or of the Ohio, and see if they	ç	turned Backward. There Jesus tells his chimneys and leading to ihu rouf are
ter the sea.	run dry. No; they have lwn flowing	USE OF hALL	disciples that, they that love him will auifieient. A rod with a poor earth
1 have further to remark, that the nn for t housands of	years, and they	------------------ certainly keep his	commandments ;	connection	may	be	mure 11 source ui
water typifies the Gospel by its re- will probably flow on	for thousands of	lerow,M*	n,ilH	Tlmi Hie	Mlueral I»	Hal	here he says that they that keep	his	danger	than	a	protection
freshment. How different you feel years more. The trees of the forest	i4.ry nhotr^omc.	I comm.indpients do it from love to him. aKe ^curing as a result of bad work
astfrtr-r-"s;r	..-te&%**%%%%asrarsr"""'-'"’dl*
bath! On a hot summer day there is birds of heaven have dipped their winy common belief that .salt and much of wm m:lnifest myself to him. «(Refer in an unprotected building, to si* nothing that so soon brings you back	m the wave. And so it 1* with this	it is accessary to the human system,	again	to 1 John 3.	24..)	under lightning	fixtures,	or	near	wall.*
r«>m a bad temper or a disturbed	Bospel It is a perennial Gospel. n	vew ¦>^(>i»le are aware t hat 011 an aver-	Judas sait.h	unto him.	not Is-	with	gilt	frame	pictures,	or	ueai
Blessed be Uod for water I I love to	the river will rise, and it will join the	cient of 1 be mineral, for all ordinary	^uke	(G. 16) ‘"the	brother	of	James”
bear it fall in the shower and dash in	tides of the celestial river that flows	poses. Muny physicians, on the	Lord,	how is it that thou	wilt mani-
....-
™to6îar.2î ,he hil,S;	lead them to living foun- llef that salt is m.slerately, .f not ^ nocoun| UN worlhy uf „ manl- whispered as she peered eagerly u,
t0 the.Pralae °< tains of wster.'	highly, deleter,ous lo 'be system. It festation of which the world is not and down the street.
brv'T* It among the mc.un- Ah! my dear brothers and sisters, , truP ,hal certain animals require accounted worthy?"	There s no one in right, he replied
your soul came up cool, and clean, and | watching lht sheep, and he said to radiant; and you lotted around, and 1 himself, “Ah! there is a man that Id, “Come and hear, all ye that fear never had anything to trouble him/1 God, and I will tell you what he hath and he went to the shepherd and done for my soul/'	I ousted him, saying. "Everything is
There came a time of perplexity in beautiful around here. 1 You have no your heart. You lost your property, troubles; you tire, to be congratulated.
Death, like a black hawk, swooped up- I have so many troubles!" “Ahf said revolver six times)—Die
on the family brood, and the children the shepherd to the man, “you do not able villain!	.
were gone. You measured your life understand my life. There is a black Second Actor—Your pistol has miss-' >'el present with you from groan to groan, from loss to loss, ewe that every few days goes off and ed fire. Sir Rudolph; but I am smitten *p:p of the present, so precious 10 1 lie from tear to tear. You said, from all the sheep of my flock follow* her with remorse for my many crimes, and eleven, must soon end, no more things your distressed spirit, “Oh I that I had and that black ewe is the plague of will die, according 10 your wish	of this sort could be spoken to them
the w'ttgs of a dove, for then would my life" It was a parable In every Then he rolled on the si age.in agony, by 1 he Lord; but that is only because I fly away and be at rest." From man's life there is at least one black while the curtain slowly descended. :l“ everlasting fellowship is to B»* the depths of your fevered soul you ewe—one sorrow, oao perplexity one amid the cheers and laughter of the ushered in. and the Holy Ghost, as we call-xi out. Has Uod forgotten to be j disaster, one Bereavement, one agony, audience.	Are presently t dd, is to	m
WATER I WATER I WATER' !
things, aivl bring all thing#
ION Ullbl i lire."
2H. The Co ii if oiler.	j he Paraclete,
The Ad votau e," which is the HuJy Ghost. In my name. Instead of my personal presence. Teach you all things. The human spirit, enlightened By 1 he Spirit of G<xi sees tinmejisur-ed tiuih and beauty in the II >ly Strip-luu's, in the a
ni personal < mmuniou with Uod, to which tiuih .i.iid B»«iiity an unenlightened soul is absolutely deaf and Blind, Pro! entants, in their stunt maintenant** of the i igtn of every hu man Being to the word uf God with-
THE SUNDAY SCHOOL.
to le-
ap
INTERNATIONAL LESSON, APRIL 30
REV. DR. TALMAOE TALKS ABOUT THE WATER OF LIFE.
lull II II
forter Kriimlseil.** l.olilm Text. Join* II. IU
IV *17
PRACTICAL NOTES
Wnler It T> pleal «r the Slotpel By II» l'rrfiieai mnl .4 lui n il m nee No lbi*n*er lb t M Will Heroine IA Une H ni In K very Hun'» l.lle There l« «tue- Borrow — 1 lie E>r. rreiielie» ti Prarlleul Ber mon.»
A despatch from "Washington, nays: Rev. l)r. Ta Image preached from the following text '‘Whosoever will, let him take the water of life freely,"— Rev xxii. 17.
Mid-desert, I he wui er exhausted from the goaGskins, the caravan panting under n blistering sun, t be feet consumed by the desert, what is it that the people must want I For what would they give up the most valuable cargo on the back of the cumuls? Water I Water!
if you love me, keep my Let your love for
Ver.se 15
>1 Providence, and
commandment# me be shown not iu tears because ol
True love always leads to
1 he love of Christ con-
'
livers
An army is on the march. They are
1
Rut
a hot summer night after a day of carnage, that the cry of the wounded was absolutely unbearable, and that, after giving ail supply that he could, he put his fingers to his ears, for the cry all over the plain was from most of the dying, "Water 1 Water !
God's sake give us water!”
I

PROTECTION FROM LIGHTNING.
Fur
wall ding may he in the presence of
know him not."
rrxd Flow
How a Hulldlisg Way lie I r
lise Kleeirlr fluid
tains and wells, and rivers and oceans
The means universally employed tc protect machinery of electric un i power plants giv-e assurance uf the effectiveness of Frank], ns lightning-rod
An easy or short path to the earth is provided for the electric discharges No that come in on the lines during a
thunder-storm. Telegraph, telephone and cable circuits have their lightning
lelica t« Connection with
them. Beery elertri ar carries with
noth *r
water
Jesus lt a “lightning arrester
\S it bout such protection coaliy « yna-uub would be ruined during inunder-sturms
The high pressure lightning
• a u *-tuple lu one ii-electric cars had their out by a single 11 » • b
dui mg a storm

it is a over
protects from danger, as do arrester*
mentioned above
such as chimneys or gable ends, should have iron rods projecting above them two or three feet, wild rods or strips uf iron or copper extending from them lo the ground.
1 he ground connection is especially
The lower end of i he rod
Projecting puis
neces-
I he

The dam
THE DARK SECRET
sh«
It s not dark enough yet.
He was about to give her her first lessons in riding a bicycle.
24. He that Joveth me not keepeth form gradual y. Condiments in any 1 not my sayings. And absence of love form are beginning to be generally j makes revelation impossible, for ii
With this verse the discourse takes a frewh start, returning lo the subject of 1 he Paraclete.'*—Plummer. These things. All the wonderful revelations, benedictions, and prophecies which they had been listening to. Be-
The fellow-
INTEL!.EC I UAL HAWKS.
Hawks have been seen to follow ir
ih ' wake of a moving railway train, tc
swoop down on small birds that were suddenly dUturlwd and frightened by the noise, and th -refute for th*t moment were off their guard.
, decried by the hygienists.
25
#«#
ac-
THE HIT OK THE PLAY
First Actor (pulling the trigger of a
you miser-


CASira BELLI.
Magistrate*—You ray you knocked this man down I because he said you looked like a bulldog?
Murphy—No, Yer Hon ir ; 1 wouldn’t hov moinded thot, hut he said I lo<keJ loike an English bulldog.

###PAGE###8###

¦>
For Sale or to Rent.
The outlook fur the cheese trade tin* tris said to be very bright, and prices likely to be Rood. ________________
BUY
JaS. BgSjOyt Cases
y4
are
A desirably mimtivd premises occupied at present as store and post office at Welrelead, with six sores of land on which are also several good outbuildings. Welrstead Is a good business point, distance from Shaw-ville d miles, and situated on the main road leading from that place to W'olt Lake. It Is :'l utiles from Bristol station and 1 mile from Thackray's mill. Possession after April 1st, I MM*. Further Information, as to terms, may be had on application to
STEPHEN SMITH,
Maryland P O.
Now Tenders Wanted
ffE
SHHlisE:
Jh	¦ ,) factory. No. tt, from
faciorv; No. from <leu.
Hon-pnll-ont
Fitted with
No
Bois
from John Hodgin» « Frank McKee’s t*‘ Little’s to factory.
the
the suit
question
K. 1IOD0 IN *¦*
. O*?* N WK|
Shaw ville, April I'-tli, iv'"
Vres
7
Is troubling a lot of men At this
If they would call
THE BEST IS CHEAPEST.
It is better to SERVE the public than to CHEAT it.
It is better to make a FRIEND of a customer than a VICTIM.
It is better to HELP one’s patrons than to HURT them.
What is fair and Just to the CONSUMER is best in the long run for the STOREKEEPER.
THIS STORE IS RUN ON THESE
PRINCIPLES.
season of the year and look over our largo stock and get our they would have no trouble in
prices,
in selecting a Spring Suit-made to order,
Como with the people.


made to tit
I
are nneaaallcil in palily and
A. R. McOUIRE.
THE TAILOR.
Heir Fences are the Best.
GOODWYN,
merchants sell these goods and can supply you. write the manufacturers at l’icton.
THE B. GREENING WIRE CO., Gen. Agts., Hamilton and Montreal.
ALSO BY CANADIAN HARDWARE JOBBERS.
Hardware If they fail, you

The Watchmaker,
ARM’RIOR, OXT.
SOLD
FOR
WALTHAM

w
b
Money for You ..
April —It ii BO long since you heard •' Farmer's Son,' l wanted to men few things that are happening in
REMARKABLY CHEAP....
$
from tiun a
this section.
On account of the smallpox scare deemed it prudent to keep matters quiet fur a season ; but happily the disease has died out without serious consequences, ami the instigator of the trouble has taken his departure for his homo in Mor-riaburg, where it is hoped by the l>eope of this section he may stay for the future.
The ground, which has been covered so long with the white mantle of winter, has made its appearance again, and we expect soon to be after the plow.
The Black River jobbers seem to be in good spirits after their winter’s work.
A large gang of men arrived by 1 . l J. R. and went up Black River en route fortheSchyan to woik on .1. R. Booths drive.
There is money for you iu buying


we
SHOREY’S
<£>

Ready Tailored Clothing.
<=>
ii
go to
Colerlsoa & Mam
It will cost you less by the year, and you will be better dressed in the bargain than if you wear any other make.
Their stock will be found large and second to none in
the county.
Shorey’s Clothing wears well. It holds it shape until the garments are worn out. There is no stinginess of materials. There is no “ skimping in its workmanship. Thousands of the best dressed men and boys in Canada wear Shorey s Clothing.
SATISFACTION OR MONEY RETURNED.
J
The Guarantee Card In the pocket means
It will pay you to examine Mra. Haney, who w»sso very ill dunng these goods if you require ihejrniter^ l ain glad to atate is getting
anything in the furniture	UM|0 and Mr. Peter Watt have
line They have been care- been making sundry improvements to
fully selected and marked ! %%%%. ÎS, """ * “
ât'hock bottom prices.	I	Farmer «Son
obtained from the following linns in the
Shorey’s Ready Tailored Clothing can be
County of Pontiac^:
G. F HODG1NS, SHAWV1LLE.
PAI L M. NALLY. CAMPBELLS BAY. s SMITU, BRISTOL STATION.
GEO. WALSH & SON, QUYON O’MEARA BROS., BRYSON.
F. A. MALONEY. CHAPEAU.
U. T. CENTRE.
MILLINERY !
MILLINERY I MILLINERY I
OFFICE AND SHOW ROOMS— —A. R. SMILEY’S BUILDING
That Book Agent,
as very great and after having separated their horses and having" exhausted their patience they succeeeed in making their way to the meeting in time for benediction. They will have no trouble next time if they only remember to travel
with	Jok.
has almost all disappeared
V4JL—
VI
The snow ¦ ¦ under the recent spell of dune weather Messis. Wilson & Argues drive <
f
The pastor. “ Good morning, Bro. Roberts, what makes you look so sad this morning ?
Bro. R.
Next Door to Donaldson's Jewfllery Stous.
of
Main St.. - - Shawrille.	""
¦ lonroTAi/iwr	Messrs. Armstrong and Rose, who have
—	the contract of driving saw logs on the
3EH1EBSF I vSl:»: ££JT.
large quantity of his stock during the past few weeks, and it is rumored that he will shortly leave our village for new helds.
Mr. J. Mac A fee made a visit to K tzua-bazua on Saturday returning Monday.
The undersigned will receive tenders I Our young people are busily engaged for drawing milk to Lily Cheese Factory wo,king .ip another concert, «htch will during the season of 189t>, oil the follow- surpass any heretofore held in-our village ing routes	We wish them success. Fuiblestick.

“ 1 have come to say goodbye, Mr. Brown, for I am out of employ ment, and must go back to England.”
“ Go back to England to
1 can
Having returned from Montreal and Ottawa Millinery openings I desire to draw tne attention of the public to my new stock now opened in the store of
Maniwaki, April 22.-Xavier Guertin died at his home here yesterday evening at the ripe old age of one hundred and eight years. He was one of the oldest settlers in the Gatineau Valley, and was well known as a veteiinary surgeon.
The Pastor
get employment, what nonsense get lots of work for a young man like you in this country
Bro. R " Well, I have hunted high and low and can get nothing, so what am 1 to do ? ”
John McFarlane, Campbell’s Bay.
An inspection of my stock in invited, as 1 feel confident of being able to offer The Pastor. 14 I tell you what you can I goods at unprecedentedly low prices, do, Bro. Roberts, take an agency for a " Do not forf,et to call good book, for there is money in canvas- ahow krood8.
ting ”	mm ¦
Tenders for lilt Drawing;.
Cornwall, April 22.—Work will be resumed on the O. & N. Y. bridges here next week. The 1 nioti bridge Co. of Philadelphia, has secured the contract for rebuilding the 0. & N. \ . bridge the south channel of the St. Lawrence opposite Cornwall, which was wrecked in
September of last year.
The caused piers were built on clay bottom, but the new ones will be carried
No trouble to
ACRES R McFARLARE,
I1 a in libel Vs Bay.
Bro. R. 14 Do you think 1 would stoop to book canvassing The Pastor, (somewhat warmly . ) 14 Stoop to canvassing ! Better men than you have canvassed. 1 put myself through
College with a book prospectus, and I.	____
know many «uccos.ful men who got their I Fo^No.^VeMher^orTmomhi! aid to start in life as canvassers. My youngest commence early In May. The other school»
eon is canvassing now. and he make,	grL’d'éo/dlploma.	Jlo
enough at the business to pay his way at teaching, aud lowest figure of salary ex- --—
and ho made enough money to start busi	Address, 8. M. LOGAN,
ness again. I gave the same advice to a*	Thorne Centre.
young mechanic, who was out of employ ment, and he is now a prosperous Pub limber. Why some of the biggest men in
on
i "
No. 1.—Expected the same as la&t year's (Draper’s road >	,, .
No. 2.-No tenders asked for now. (H y. DAUtiHTEK OF OUK M. P. MakkIEP —
ANo.a3r0n8amTaVlait year with Kdward The Ottawa Citizen of Thursday last had
Dale’s can extra, (Wm Hodgins’route.)	the following item, which will he read down to solid rock
y«r.' alme numV/or'ca™.	with interest hy our young readers, e.pe
kmKsswsk s,t "V'"	:	jxw&VwrM&r-
No. 6.-New route from Frank McKees to A quiet wedding was solemnized yes I instance of Francis L. Hancock of
s^HBESEr .............'fizz
-isSSSZ
a&sssessaffc b*
rented for t he season. Three wagons and ed by Rev. bather ballon. The young the scales will be sold on '^T^y^uiNS.	bride who is one of the popular members
Pres! L. V. F. | of the ch(#r bf St. Joseph’s church, an 1 a
recent graduate of the Rideau street con vent, was charmingly attned in a travelling suK of blue cloth. There were no bridesmaids. After the ceremony a reception was held at the residence of Mr.
W. J. Puupore, M. P., and the newly wedded conple aftei wards left for Montreal en route to their future home in Ohio, where Mr. Monck is a barrister.
Many beautiful presents attested the popularity of the happy couple.”
WASTED
1

)
/

hi,tory have been book agent, !	* Stoopl For valuable farm, being Nor. b-h.ir
to canvassing ; you have been very for* of Lot 26 In the 6th Range of Clarendon.
known ms the Grace property. For terms and etc
>
tunate that you can step up to it. i od-1 vise you to write to the Bradley-Gairet-eon Co., Limited, Toronto, Out., for this firm publishes fast selling books, and I know many who are doing well in its. employ.”
Bro. R
¦ ap«
Winnipeg, Man.—Mrs. Middleton, wife of the care-taker of the Ottawa Bank building, was almost instantly killed on Tuesday evening while riding on Main street. Her wheel was struck by a runaway team and the wheels of the wag-crushed her head and neck. She was about 40 years of age.
JOHN GRACE, SR.,
Bouchette, P; Q.
Valuable Farm and Village Property for Sale.

44 I am sorry for speaking as I did for I was certainly wrong. I will write the Bradley-Garretson Company and see what they have to offer, ana will postpone my departure in the meantime.”
I
\
on
On behalf of the Executrix oflbe Estate of the late Thomas McTlernan we hereby offer for «ale the following valuable properties in the County of Pontiac	.
First. That valuable farm oomno^d of the North East Half of Let number Twenty-six and all of Lot No. 27 in the 8th Range and the South West Half of Lot No. Twent y- seven in the Ninth Range of the Township of Clarendon, containing 400 acres more or
letsb*	1
The property will be sold in parcels to hull the purchasers but the vendor will reserve all mineral rights In the same.
Second. Lots seven, eight, seventeen aAd eighteen on the East side of Central Street and Lot No. eleven on the West side of Main Street In the village of Bryson.
Third, Lots fifteen and sixteen on the Kant side of Central street in the village of nryson, excepting thereout a strip ten feet wide ofl the Easterly end of the same.
of sale and other particulars : apply to Latchfoed A McDougall, Barrister*, 10 Elgin Hi met, Ottawa, or to W. G.
U.K°y, E^ry"ÆdOUO ALL,
Solicitors for Executirlx.
1
v
Pontiac Pacific Junction By.
A washout on the Parry Sound road
near Canoe Lake, caused the death of
midst.	I ‘ram were commg east, aud while near five immenle i|MIIii „dliitil(n lo B grea,
“irf™?.«. ...^	«>
'«id,.. MSr:..hAm JLr L™,;,...
spent several days at the mill last week, and the engineer jnd ra
What has happened Tom and scribe of crushed, but not fata y	•
Greer Mount that we never hear from Geld was taken to Depo	. V
them at all ? Perhaps they have met with his home ts and the injur some severe disappointment and have no removed to his home near y. hearts to write.
Some Greer Mount ladies and gentlemen had a narrow escape from being lost in the enow on Sunday on their way to the Hornerite meeting. They went into a nano* lane where the depth of enow
o
Official Time Table :
THORNE NOTES.
AM
Arrive 9 45 *•	9 21
Aylmer ? Brerkenridge rEardley Parker’s Crossing V Mohrs Q,uyon Wyman's ?Tank Bristol McKee's Shawvtlle Clark’s
Campbell’* Bay ?Tank f'VInton Coulonge «Mellons Waltham
5.45 Leave 6 00 ,e
[ 1
9.06
I
6.12
8.58
6.18
8.50
6.26
8.40
6.37
8 22
6.47
8.14
6.56
8.08
6.5»
Drowned on Yukon Trail
Victoria, B C., April 19. —Men ju-u arrived from the Klumnke Miy »h ice on the Yukon is already hr* aki and is flooded from .\1*r»h L ,k*- up One party of four head. d by 8 urn , ,,l Wnsh legion Territory, w* * near White florae un Ai were drowned with tit anxiety is express'd t „ trail.
8 02
7.04
7 52
For terms
7.26
7.31
7.4.5
7.18
8.00
the
7.10
8 03
7.00
8.12
g up
6 54
*.30
6.30
«.47
Leave 6.30
8^6 Arrive . epiag Station. tTank. VFlag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
Mis. Wright, widow of the late Dr. H. P. Wright, of Ottawa, has given #14, (XX) to St Luke’s Hospital there, in memory r»f her husband, who was the founder »t the hospital.
hr«.ugh th ice 2 id « d all I . Omvo w mu the
The Citizen is Ottawa’s
LEADING DAILY PAPER. VEKTISE IN IT.
M I
Ad-
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL superintendent
i
_
I



