###PAGE###1###


No. 22. 20th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, NOV. 13, 1902.
11.00 a Year in Advance.
Picture framing done on the shortest notice ut	I.MisoN fl Photo Studio.
Choice variety of Apples and other Fruit, ut Haki/s— The Palace Grocery.
I min your pictures and chromos to I mi son and have them preserved in an up to-date frame -a seleot stock of mouldings
to choose fmm.
About ninety varietiei of Candies to ¦elect from at Hurl’s The most complete stock ever shown in the county.
Otter Lake and Leslie
BANK OF OTTAWA
MERCHANTS’ BANK
Photos of various styles nml sizes to choose from. A trial call solicited.
H. Jmison. Photographer.
/
Fancy Box Candies for Xma* trade now coming in at Earl'e. Nicest things out. See them.
Millinery.—06 to Mrs. McCredle's at Elmslde for Foil Millinery,
Dried Fruit :
Applet
Figs. Prunes, Pales
Raisins. Currants, &c
Head Office : . Capital paid up
OTTAWA, CANADA.
........ 12,000,000
Brin
OF CANADA.
(teat
1,706,

Boots and Shoes
Board of Directors :
Charles Maure, Esq., Preiide.it, Ukoror Hay, mq. .Vice-President.
Ho h. Gao. Davao*. Jr.	John Math**, Rmq..
Aim. Fhabir, Kbq., David MaiLaki*, Eeq.,
D M< IN III Ml'RfHV, KnQ.
- $6,000,000.
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Pears, Peaches,
At K a si/e.
Head Office, - Montreal.
Ornerai Manager. .. .. Manager
OKOROEBURN D. M. TINN1K
In order to meet the demand for crayon enlargements	s at prices
that can't, he heat elsewhere. Every pic I Messrs. Joseph Roy & 8<>n have had a
vince you by calling at	Shaw ville on Monday, on their way for
1 misos'h Photo Studio. Mr. Andrew Martin, Cache Bay.
Mi . Ji 8. Roy, §r , returned on Monda) from Warren.
Mise Killoran, accompanied by her brother, Mr. J., of Annesley, were* here on Monday and Tuesday.
Mr. O. Desjardins was at Shaw ville Monday.
Messrs. Ben and Norman 8mi h of Cou longe road, were down here Monday VVm. Dacheman was down several

Brun hes ! IN ONTARIO
Keewattn. Keroptv.lle, Mattâwe,
Bracebrldge, Ottawa,
do
Carleton
8HAWV1LLE BRANCH,
iAcark,
Barry Hound, Pembroke,
We are now showing a complete range of Footwear of the newest shapes and finest material obtainable.
Atesendrla,
Amprior,
Money loaned on approved seeurlty at
reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought And collected.
Money transferred to all parte of the world.
HAVINGS BANK.
Avonmore
Rat Portage Winchester, do Bank 81:	Renfrew
do Rideau Hi. Toronto, do Bomerwct 8t. Winchester.
Vankleek Hill, Smith'* Falls,
IN MANITOBA :
Guard Your Child's Sight
Flic.,
Oobden,
Hawkesbury,
In modern competition every disadvantage tells and none more seriously than poor sight. Parents who hope for their children's success, should know their sight is the best possible.
Eyes scientifically treated at The I)ruo Store, Shaw ville.
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
Accounts opened for amounts of one dol tars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office Horne SATURDAY# .
Portage La Prairie
IN QUEBEC !
,	Hull,
Bhawinigan Falla
Agents in Canada, New York and Chicago-Hank of Montreal.	—	,
Agent* in Bt. Psul-Mercksbte Net Bank. Agents in Loudon, Eng.—Parrs Bank Ltd,
Lavhnte
Montreal
Specials
10 A.M.ToS P.M
10 A M. TO 1 P M.
F A. PARKER, Manager
Mr
times during the week.
Not much business at the lumber depot this fall.
The cold and frost we arc having at night h*H frozen up the mud, making the roads hard and rough.
PERSONAL
Boys’ and Girls’ SCHOOL BOOTS, neat and durable—just the thing for fall wear.
Messrs. Crowdey and Whitman visited acquaintances at Bristol on Sunday,
Mis (Rev.) H. A. Nay'or is at present .	visiting at the Rectory.
te&àëéfM =EBSsr
Fancy Ooodr.—All the latest novelties j contest, which is to he one of the features | Mis J. 0. Butterworth. Ottawa,
In Fancy Goods now going into stock Afcjgf the evening Karl’s.	cents.
International	_	, “	. .. ,
Stock Food	Tons of turkeys, geese, and chickens
Always on hand. All size* of packages. »re w.nt.,1 at ArD,,rior Fair on Friday I The height cf your silk hat «ill be one The cheapest and best.	and Saturday, November 28th a*id 29th; of the problems to he solved at the
Thk Drvii Stork.	high prices will be paid for them.	posed Pincushion Tea at Bryson on
Shaw ville, Que. ^	Lady.mith, .hipped eve"in«' Nov' 21.t-t!,ia providing
Mr. J. R. Horner, agent for the K-vn „ fi„e llllnch 0, deer Jro on Monday kou m*ke up?our mini to be one of the Co., spent aeveral days in Pembroke last | morn;ng . among the number were two I cr,'wf ^,ch » ,ure ^ Patroc,ze th,H week.	! anthered mouaichs that tipped the scale nove tt air*
::...............
favored with good audiences every night, poultry to sell, will get highest market ^rience a few night* ago, while returning
Special services have been going on in prices for them in wwh J>y taking them | ^ a neighboring villi Methodist Church here for the past to Arnprior Fair on Friday ind Saturday,
November 28th and 29th, 1902.
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Clarendon Council
Our goods are direct from the leading makers, and are the best made. See them.
Town Hall, Shaw ville,
3rd Nov. 1902. Regular Session of the Council this day. Members present —Mr. Mayor, John Stewart ; Councillors James WÜson, F. Thomas, Thus. McDowell and W. A. Hodgirs.
Moved by coun.James Wilson, sec. by couu. F, Thomas that the minutes of last meeting as now read be and are hereby oon tinned.—Carried.
Moved by cuun. W. A Ilodgins sec. by c un, Thoe. McDowell that Benjamin Work in,vi be paid for 192 rods of finished fence at 10c. per rod.—Carried.
Ir has been res.dved by this Council that all ratepayers who have not c mplied About half with the resolution of this Council, made
in March last, in regard to moving log and stump fence*, will be responsible for the keeping of the roads clou during the coming winter, where thtir fences cause drifts, according to Art. 830 of the Municipal Code.—Carried unanimously.
Moved by coun. W. A. Hudgins se?. by coun. Thomas McDowell that Rural Inspector R. VV. ]<a ph go and inspect s de line between lots 11 and 12 on the 13th range and if necessary p cket out in shape so w ork can be clone on it ami report to this council ; also report amount of work dont* by Rhodio Donahue on that line. And also that he (R. VV. Ralph) go to Simon Barber's bridge, and if he can make a suitable job ot the hill for $30, to expend that amount, and to give the work outXo the lowest tender. —Carried.
At this juncture the list of persons in I arrears ot taxes presented for examina-
was
Admission free, tea 101 visiting her brother, Mr. John 11. Shaw,
last week, returning home on Saturday morning.
Overcoats
pro-
Fri-
In stylish makes and materials. They’re going fast. Of course it’s the quality and price that moves them so lively.
n.e
way home, as the story goes, the y. m. allowed himself to become embraced in
The Schneaux boom closed operations I Mr. John Fletcher of Radford section, 1arms of Morpheus, while his horses for the season on Thursday last, and the who has been in declining health for sev- were to themselves to decide the point hands were discharged.	oral months past, died on Saturday last, of dost nation Some t me subsequently
Funeral to Shawville cemetery on M n- onr friend awoke to find his team divided day afternoon	I hy a fence-a horse on each side—s me-
Dr. 8. R. Martin, surgeon dentist, some years vast.. She leaves a husband y l f“U n*’e< l1’ 11 Hlway,i wcl1 tl> kl CR Ottawa, will be at Quyon Nov. 14th and alu) hirge family —all grown up—to mourn | ^" 11 *ul ,(rt)v 'J" v'
12th : 8h aw ville, 17th and 18th ; Bryson, her departure. The funeral, largely at 19th ; Campbell s Bay, 20th ; ( oulonge, teudeq, took place to Rhawville cemetery 21st, and following week commencing ort S turduy.
Monday, Nov. LNth at Shawville
the
two weeks
Waterproof Coats
Mr. S. Howe's new residence, the erection of which i* n >w well advanced, will rank among the most attractive buildings in town, when completed
are now in demand. We have a good range oi them in stock.
Methodist Church Notes
<-jrcs:sB'i£-A *suisizsESi£
__________________________
The attendance was good snd an th whole wa8 v much better ^an the Method,8t fhufb ,e “ l,resent lmlted	EDWARD	IlRoVvNLEE,
enjoyable evening, engaged m ping-pong, ,We acore woul/ indicate, as a great e comparatively small piece of ground, 0ct. 30
etc., was spent by the young people. _ number of shuts were closely grouped I *nd 88 *he dly come wh*n °"untry
gary by an altenfcion in the train service, came out with a neat little surplus after	Ci)Unl congregations to secure '?tore, Shawville. Parties having potatoes
The Clarendon Council at its last meet- ^%rW%%h^e%,"ps^Sd "T'toD u
%e7he%m%^,d%inpin,er	^	1n:,es" uf'Zwilage
roads in proper c md.tion upon the own- thc\mr wle chiJ due. Alld Mialf congregation and outside parties are now of land along such roads as become o( the htt we f', we &ro free to 8tote I b»'n8 refused lots.
blocked up by .the existence of stump or thu much ««faction was felt with the log fences, such parties having failed to	„nd liberal manu-r in which the
comply with the counci a resolution of toh WM conducted.
March last requiring the building of wire
fences
It, is said that Mr. John Horner s new
J. H. SHAW.
tion
to bank for same.—Carried.
At this juncture the Council adjourned.
H. Mathbkon, Sec.-Trtae"
new
CAMPBELL’S
COUGH SYRUP
For Sale Cheap.
FOR
fair
Clarendon
POTATOES WANTED.
COUGHS COLDS
)
)
BRONCHITIS,
WHOOPING COUGH,
to sell will do well to get them out before the cold weather sets in.
Cars will be loaded every Monday parties who have potatoes to sell will please notify me of the number of bags they can supply. Parties who have no bags of their own can be supplied at J. II. Shaw’s store.
and
and all diseases of the Throat and Lungs.
ers
H. TUBES.
IN MEMORY
Of Edward Newton, beloved son of John
W, and Amelia Horner, who died Oc t.
4th, 1002, aged 4 months—asleep in Jesus.
We miss thee, Edward, everywhere, How much we cannot tell :
We never cease to think of thee,
Dear Edward, loved so well.
Oh. our home is sad and lonely,
Bnt to think of thee at rest.
Singing with the white robed angels In your home among the blest.
It was hard to give thee up so soon—
To lay thy beauty low ;
Thv dear bright form mo welcome there, But God hath willed it ho.
Ere sin could harm or sorrow fade, Death came with friendly care— . The opening bud to heaven conveyed, a bade It hloeamn there.
We must not think of him as lost,
He won our hearts while here.
That we might follow him from earth To heaven's golden sphere, (meet.
Farewell, dear Edward Newton, till we Where parting Is no more,
And Join in that celestial band,
Upon the whining shore.
TENDERS for Stone and Cedar.
Sir Richard Cartwr'ght, minister of
B. » J—« «H	te
was suspended about 3 months ago, and ro instated on Saturday last, committed
auicide on Sunday in Deechwood cemetery	_	., 0. .	,	.	» i i®!
by shooting himself in the breast with a	Gerald histon,	on trial at	I And on last
revolver Hi. body warn found in » clump "eek for thc murdor hl? un.ele- ^ couple „f liuahe* .bout 100 yard, from the grave *>f YT* »S°. W8S deda,ed not guilty by of his first wife and child, which he is Hie jury.
supposed to have visited, as was his —¦-,	.	--1
custom, before he committed the terrible I GliuCFS WfliltCUs deed of ending hi* own life.
£ng	SH'H
killed by one of hi* captne Incurs i/v t the Academy, Thirty coids of good, green week while in the act of feeding ti e am- Hardwood, and Fifteen to Twenty cords mal an apple. Had it net been for the of sound Dry Pine, the whole to be not
ertfatjtttf=££ BEESaS*
Cormier, after he had been severely gash- $e\[veTj ed in several places by the bear, there is 1 tile doubt he would have been killed
W. T. Walters, a Dominion policeman.

We guarantee every bottle. If it is not what we state it to be, your money will be refunded.
o----
day. He haw been made a member of the Imperial Privy Council.

Corporation of Shawville hereby in vite tenders for the simply of one hundred cords cf boulders or rough stone) suitable for macadamizing purposes, to be delivered during thc coming winter on thc corporation lot. Such tenders will be accepted up to noon of the first day of December next and will be received for the whole or any portion of the above quantity. The lowest or any tender not necessarily ac-^ oep u-d.	¦¦¦¦
Tender* are also invited for a quantity of cedar*, running from 10 to 24 feet in îpth and 8 to 10 inches in diameter at top d, of green timber, straight and sounef. Tenderer* to apecify the number and quantity of each size they can furnish, and to have their tenders in the band* of the un dors
The
25 Cents a Bottle at
THE DRUG STORE
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
len
An
en
igned not later than noon of Monday ¦ I first day of December, 19(6. Cedars to be delivered on or before the first day
n e xL*^e*j*|**e^ù
the
S3J
the
on
H. LANG, bee. Tret*
A. SMILEY, Mayor.
Shaw ville, Nov. 10, life
###PAGE###2###
-




3

UNDER THE UNION JACK
r
foi
(ho doctor. After the doctor—
i the policeman.
Wt there is much to say In favor
Left to himself, the nlggvr would only work when it been mo absolutely
COAL IN NORTH CANADA,1
personal pointers
LIVES ON RAW FOOD ONLY.
FROM ERIN'S GREEN ISLE
Notes
Man Says He Eats Nothing Cooked, Yet Thrives.
of Interest About Some Prominent People.
DOES SLAVERY STILL EXIST of this IN BRITISH DOMINIONS ?
slavery/
NOTES BY UAB, FROM LAND OF THE SHAMROCK
Canadians.
BELT OF BITUMINOUS EXFLOR ERS HAVE SAMPLED.
the
necessary. On the t he young Duchess of Murlborough
receipt of hit. lirst wages he would has as trange taste in lets At	___
............
tom doubtless does nway with our ibis, amongst them is that muck*v»untod “liberty of the sub beautiful tlctiur that slavery cannot ' ,mt 11 beeps the nigger re exist where the Vnion .Jack flies. ,lUlvel> honest. and it undoubtedly i the x<>no the less, the majority of the malv,'s him Work* And IhatWNMMMj black labor in many British colonies a '• is au 011(1 ,lot *<> be despised
under a system which
Byron Tyler, a telegraph operator, for six years lui» existed on raw food. It Is his theory that, as cooking destroys the life germs in fruits and vegetables, it also do*
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll S I I r ^	which
•There Is a belt of bituminous coal	we supposed to bo oat on. Ile	nr*	L, ,1 ’ ! !,y	"l,lto /I**ouko has been
in the Canadian Arctic. The surface	guvs that ne « roasted kentet of corn	M,( 011 lh0	luoorti of Mr. Justice
indications crop up from fill to 106	bus lost its creative power,	as	Hoss. county	I y rone.
. degrees west longitude, and from til)	shown when placed in the earth,	it	l,Uhln‘‘"s 1,1	,,0,fast, except, in the
0 to 81 north, running in ,t northeast-	has lost, too, its food value.	MiiphuiUliiig	Bade has been
erl.v direction, similar to the coni ITof. l'y 1er, as the Raw Food So- I ' 1 ' tor > event I months past. u area in tape Breton. The drift is doty of America terms him, made ,,,4.!? . , t>Tll-v ln,H|unge spoken about ft,000 miles long, commencing what lie believes is his great discov- l,y -.11L inlial.it tints of tiulway, 13.-m Kotzebue	Sound on the	main	ery in 1 HP."».	lie was	then an	in-	‘*00 01 "hoin wr®	between .'I and
has	b;ml <.1 Alaska	and appearing	next	valid, helpk	\\ < t ! 1 rh	iilatism	mal 1	•N(>als °'1’
at Forwin	coal mine and Thetis suffering from consumption. Finally	ox-number of the Cardiff police
t h,»	coni mine, from	where the gold mines	he been me so	ill lie could not	par- !	,ui'y° 1,1151	ü,[B*red	a Roman Catholic
at t ape Nome,	Alaska, receive	their	take of solid food,	lie lived for	collego at	< ork to be trained
weeks on milk and tho iitiee of fr.-sh]I>n«,st
1 ho Limerick
Instances Where Black Labor Employed at a Very Low Bate of Wage.
ces

Penny. Meanwhile stand labor less. '
Bates
Me learn many untruths at school rrominvnt
Baron Kriii p
I H HH1 |Bthe great ironmaster of (lumumy, carries evidences of
with him \\ hen he goes •;llrl ' i»it dig 11 is <	M|(.
•’oiled so thin that they
trade
de-
iron.
said to bo a great success fot cial use.
are
obtained
would make Wilhcrforcc turn in hN gi'UM
1
CANADIAN FOOD STUFFS
sa>s London Tit-ltits.
in Fiji, for instance, the planta- Stores a 11 d Dining-Rooms to Ee t oil work is nearly all done by In-	Established in London.
> coolies It is t that - ve imported in roomy li te.ul of in the recking hold of Arab slave dhow, and that they bound to theii perly witnessed indenture
By the death of John Hudson, in f
his eighty-eighth
According to the London pnpciw Lnghlnd. Wilh‘ hlmr^iml'n, " the scheme to establish stores and lioy.il English Fusiliers ho «•«mug rooiiis in London aid other viewed by William IV in
parts	of the Kingdom tor Uu- sulo	Park,	lie	joined	the	Leeds	con
Hut.	HJ	h„	Hl H" l'x>'lusi vwl>'	I «tnbulary	when	there	were	only
««..b.pu,.. ,.„d ant lsk	^	.
a	chaîne	they	possess et	an	Hon	will land in Canada with the	thit tv
t», i,. t	¦	,lonî	,J1	ov	CSCUB°	h°m	idea	of soliciting capital for the vit
- Us,y masters. Any breach of terpriso. The idea is that everythint ti t u indenture is, of course, punish- sold in Have stores shall be u.dc in the law courts.	dlan. and it is hoped, iu this
Hie procedure is simple and (iov- ucr. to increase the I'omiaion s vx « nincnt-^uaranteed. The Fijian ports to the mother country. il I
Planter applies to the powers that The new scheme to he promoted hv L°ok onl*v bv,iv<l h>r tho twinkling of
:EEE£ E?- ssl	"""" ..."
p«oplc Oi < auada. and for t his* pur- New \ oi k hotel after somo horns’ ,m<l Bathurst Island arc all known i °<c a representative of the company practice, a lady, who was staying on lo contain coal. On thinncll Imnd <*u‘i sailed for the Dominion.	the same Horn*, approached lier aid var,)<’n only has been reported, hut
covers recruiting n foitn/l, Vs‘"'.'to- iI!AKK SII(U’S "ILL It F OPENED. = 1’tudon me. madame, but I °» North Cornwall. 75 miles due
iwm
11M 1 tol,l sv,)l age for perishable i usih! to have a favorite parrot, port, soon to h<* issued, passably ipiot s swell as pears, tomatoes, fish. Mhen it first arrived at court some traces its continuation.
» ,n ga,!h * ,lou!trv' swevtbreads, kidneys, two or three years ago it horrified American whalers every ycai Hiev wort- i,,l , "l faCt 11,1 n,tidvs which require the courtiers hy shrieking out such ting
........
who event unity return to India nrv fay,,,-	'
1 ¦''X accompanied hy a, snug little no-1-egg. This will ensure them lui.'cli-covctcd locus standi in home of their fatl
which is
1*
.war, there
i in
thex
in
era
to the
was iv-
Winclsovlvoul Mipplies.
So says Capt. Bernier, tho next fruits. Sirtklenly lie began to get and best fitted aspirant for the he I ter. Doctors said it was simply haX1' ided North Dole. Take a map of North u temporary reaction which would matts are to 1 o taught to America ami look at the urcld()clugo bo ftd lowed hy a rein par. lie stuck 11" rods for their own clothes not tli and west of Hudson's Bay. to his fruit and milk diet, though, <)m* hundred »uid twenty-five Here is the old Franklin stamping until ho practically was n well nuin. Mlol,,"ls has Ik cn paid for a portrait ™ul ground, and in the mazes of these Then ho went hack to cooked foods. °* H ),,vcr ( roinwel) hy tho trustees for islands he lost t ho Northwest. pas- When lie did the rheimiat ism return- °'f } ‘1v	National Gallery,
i is sage. Tho coal dip runs from tho isl Then lie decided to give raw j 1 licre is abundant evidence in lre-a mainland northeast through these is- food a thorough test, and it is wix I hind of renewed activity on Uio part
years ago lost May since a lot of IHio i xch itivo Uovcrnmeiil m put» stuff which has been near tire has 1 mK <1<)Wn boycotting and intimida
passed his lips.	,ion<	-	—
By experimenting he has nmiuigcxl to discover sex oral law food com-
an
Asylum Com mitt ci that the lunatic
arc
masters hv a
In-
W’CUXfl
llud
'OH had cu.ioved a pension fot
vet
x cars
early
It is a very rare thing for Gen Bad' Dowell repartee, and his
fo be at a loss
t ana man
most humoi
In HU and With a Forions lands
low
exon voua
HI: BURNED THE CO \1,
I'lio Irish criminal stntlNtlcs
15.01	• published ns a bluo-book «how
11.1.1	• "" u Whole. Uio iiumlirr oi of. fences steadily diminished lust year in Ireland.
Deter Bradley
for
binatloiiR which not only ilo not taste un though they wwo uncooked but are of delicious flavor. Bread is made by crushing cereals until they are «8 thin as tissue paper and then pressing them into ft Cuke which resembles the ordinary cracker. The addition of ground nut meal to these biscuits makes them tempting to the taste, and Prof Tyler declares they are. the most healthful things a man cun eat.
Naturally fruits and vegetable» form the greater part of tin* diet, hut oysters and clams arc eaten and so is meat. Tho idea of eating raw meat is revolting to most people, hut the discoverer of this plan of living insists a raw steak is a a suis rior to a rare steak as a rare to ; steak is to one that has hn*n cooked until it is dry.

I	"us working alone
sandpit in Tullyha; p\
Nowry, when it caved in and buried him alive
dead vv )u-ii dug out Gout Is rarely known among working classe# of Ireland, immunity is thought to be clue to
food consista
in a
near
upon him
He was cjuito

1
tui a
From start to finish the *<Ms $7."> before lie is handed
to th
slave
tho
Their
tftskmastei

the fact that their
la ly Of potatoes.
Lady Dudley is often seen driving in Dublin with her three charming children. It is known that she leaves them as little as possible to the .are of servant», and tins frtct is calculated
pot
out. and

his
to make her extremely popular as Lady Lieutenant the me Sara.
among
a further similar period in the col < * n\
I
Hie cruiser Aeolus
Is to replace
the battleship Empress of India Queenstown as flagship of Rear Ad*
1:1 111 i
Jim	smmmm
seriously resumed it. Time is Ono,at certain times of the year, say the mantlcpiece. Taking up the photo- ’ ,.n‘,*	ii,,!!., ‘1,W nï! ll ", commonwealth the ofhvr members post, but at Limerick he was prose-
exception m Barbados. Here over- egg s. ippers, ( 'ana da cannot furnuh graph to examine it more closely, lie Li minis ,, i ,	« i	i" 1,a<1 "onderml some distance. a»id she cuted hy the Board of Trade,
poputation forced him to work—or, cesh eggs at a figure sufficiently said to the Ambassadress : “What a inn ,1s Tim* . t AL V‘,.«. ' ' f'C #¦«	,lot know v. here they were. She I he Duke of Connaught last week
M,or\e. Aw.i' H orn Barbados the| reasonable for the British market, charming young lady ?” ‘'Yes,'' was1 ,ùj,, thniurh .nm im.“	lu, ' " NVUIl0<1 !*11 she had gore some dis- opened a new soldiers' home nb
»*'ggei van never ho depended upon '[ "ould, therefore, be necessary, j	the answer : “and >he is as charm-	uUr ’	,.7.	'¦!,	I la,l<‘e Hie egg in order not to	Rallykinlar ('amp, County Down,
fur continuons work s0 vital on the 1,1P-0 gentlemen	think, to substitute	in,g as she looks. She is the Brin-	Bernier s .vs Vm’iY.. , a '	e,,(,anger it. and then she cackled,	which has been erected through the
plantation^ Hence the imi«-ntuml at certain times	in the year, other	re. s Amelie of Orleans.” On the fol-	minion lmuiV e\m I Lo fi»«i ,,„!n	af,vr als° having taken a good look	instrumentality of Miss Sarnies, this
coo lc has been received with open lhnn Canadian	goods, or else a	lowing day the Prince was on his	with a flag that uoev there n.ii/hi	,0,,ml lo aSM“'0 herself that no	WvI1 Kno"n «tiers' friend,
anus by the Best Indian planter. steady custom	could not be built	way to Paris, and a fortnight later	claim the whole archipel urn -	«'ueimes were near. The rock, hear-	Premier Seihlon. when in Dublin,
Autnl has similarly imported him "P lv°Pl° w011,(1 not go to one	his engagement to the beautiful Sverdrup did with	I .ÏO0 mil.-s of	ing 1,10	Cack,0«	answer»d it	by tt mct a deputation from the Irish Wo-
for many years past. Here, however stwro a tor,nin portion of the year	Princess was formally announced to new coast this year	It i*. tine it	<voW' n,“l ,,,ns	informed	the hen of m,in's Suffrage Association, who ox-
ihe indenture has liven for five years for Uioir butter and eggs aiut to the the world.	would seem to look farther north the "'hereabouts of the trilie Tilts Pressed their appreciation of tho
1 heir progeny undersell those of sclent me culture in Jamaica. It is umlu one of the seats. Only two ’(jonl could be transported in ships	“S	<>N\ IA 1ENT.M Through getting beyond her depth
iheir ex-masters in the commercial Propagated by cutting up small	t1hmk‘s "ere wom:de»l- His Majesty» Xn jcort ('hvuchill. in	Hudson's Bav	l,“lia«	Nation	masters	have	their while bathi,,ff in the sea at Bally-
world. and set the farmer wonder- P,vces (,f the root, and. if possible, !	am 1 ls Majesty s spectacles. iU t|l0 lm)l,th of the	Nelson. A rail-	IHÎtu,iur	Dials	Most	of us	haw (Rst,e* Antrim, n girl named Mc-
lng whether his up-to-date slavery ,i,h* c°o1 soil from recently-cleared, lhv Slla,1‘ at. ,ht? conclusion of his way is already, though vaguely, pro- h<‘anl ,)f the agitated telegrams , , t Hurdy was drowned. She was alive system is not	after all less	profitable woo(,s is	«elected for it. It	is a' X‘SJI ,0 Russia, sent to Un* manager1 jeeted to extend to Moo e Factory	hy <>m‘ of Hus class j„ the eirlv divs	when brol,Bbt to the shore, and ral-
tHan it	great impoverislivr of the soil,	ami, <>f th,‘ railway u letter and a small, James' Bay. from North Bav,	oil	of railway construction to the u \(	1,od for ft til,IC» but afterwards snegro ws so luxuriantly that in a short j lmrce,‘ ,n t!'.c letter he thanked tho Lake Nipissing.	‘	fc manager at Bombay:	“Tic» m cun,b°d to shock.
I time a little piece of root will spread M anager for the trouble he had put	, dancing on platform, pointsman m. Mv- p A McHugh, M.P , who is
lln uy country Nadirs employed in | so as to produce nearly a pound of b,mscl1 t(> in breaking.the mono-	away, please arrange " Quite , .J n‘>w «crxing a term of imprisonment
diamond mines at Kimberley j now roots. Tho sets are planted in* tony of tin* journey in tin* way he	-4- cently, « Madras station m-ot ^ • for three months, inflicted by Irish
a\< iago in	normal	times	about 4,- March or	April, and get to	theiri batl lioue- tVould the manager, as a	wrote to his district supcrinu ml -, I	resident magistrates for contempt of
M,u sou,s-	l hcv	011,11	excellent j full growth	about September.	The wtuNi'hnmce, accept a small pre- GUARDING A TREASURY.	that an aloe fence opposite hi*> i»osi	CoU, t. h« 9 been adjudicated a bank-
vvages usually about Ç15 fh week roots are dug usually in Jamaica in svnt T,u‘ !»n*ficiit was n pair Thp Tl.„nklll.v .	. . Was tenanted by a "fearful cobra ” rupt’ ,f n niom,or (>f the House of
« but h should not he forgotten that January or February. They are of bathrod spectacles. The humor . xv, , ,a, • , ! ‘ H ,>s of which lie besought the romm-.ii Commons fs adjudicated bankrupt this is worth only half as much in washed, exposed to the sun until Was Quito Western in character. <l a’ “ ,g oll,# ('°'!lai,lln< 1,11 lm~ , ns its presence was exceedimrIv 1,0 becomes by statute incapable of
¦**gaiB*
>oui.g before tin* stems nve more stantiully built in a workmanlike ut Fovt Meycr« 1,1,00 m,1°9 away, jw,li,a the unresistirg victim smiles
0,1	1,1 s,x H!,nvs h,gh*	manner, the gables of the roof being Dos ides these mechanical safeguards,, nil the time like the cover of u| The 1,1th Battalion in the Soudan ^
mortised in true form. Both the evenly-two men. under a captain,	pnpr,‘» you may safely say which used to he Egyptian, is noxtf
tool-house itself and the harrows and arc vngag0(l 1,1 Watclling tho Treas-jnut the howling hoy has a	sister	formed entirely of	the Khalifa’»
garden tools were, up till verv re- ury* tb*se* onc-(ui h mv detailed	"ho is in a room not twenty	feet	blacks. They had to	take over all
cci tlv. in capital preservation, and for day service, and t wo-fifths for	nwny. and that the young	man	Hie worn out kit of tho Egyptians,
kej t exactly as they were when in eaf^1 01 ,l 10 luo 'vatc,1'cs t,lc	(i°c6iVt come there just for the	fun	1,1 accordance with	the Sirdar's
actual use hy the Prince and Ids	,o1 Paying with her brother.	|principles of economy, and not only
[was this the case, hut even the colored badges on their turbans were altered to crimson, so that a lot of old tar-brushes might be cut up for
the purpose
drill the Sirdar reviewed them, and they marched past him with their clothes in a very ragged state, Their Colonel fully intended to rub this well Into tho Sirdar at tho close of the proceedings. But Lord Kitchener saw it in Ids eye, and forestalled him with a genial burst of eulogy; "Well, Colonel, you have done excellently. Look at them—pink of conditiont Why, they're quite fat— actually bursting their clothe^-snd all in four months! Good morning, Excellent! excellent! V
may claim
nt
why Tin: men cackles
A I'll EE PASSAGE TÎOMI
Ip wanks of El,000 of tlu are now in Eij
from
out
ro
Mo
»
vs
a custom. ~b\
ITS
- , the market not con lined to l ngland
the way, India. Berne: a
a da. Eor six Canada can furnish
Bunn ira, and the other principal West Indian islands all I ont tin
i
first pcrtimncnt Volunteer
im
dentures

APPEARS AT FIRST Sicm
the
i
vice to the time who later, they return to the it Kraals, these blacks are dit ion of tin* most abject slavery.
They are never allowed to mingle with tin* outside world. After the expirai ion of t he r eight-hoars' duv
every inch of til in is searched for 1,10 Governor of one of the British concealed gems, and they must then* Anicnn Colonies recounts an a mus- j proceed to the compound, in which ing incident. On one occasion .
they eat. sleep, and pass the re-	Sn>s' 11 Powerful native chief	sudden-	; lwothers and sisters. Each child had
nmindcr of their time. These com-	]y «trdved	at the coast with	a largo	n Colnl,,eto - vtf 0|* tool#%with harrow
pounds are constructed entirely with-	warlike reliuue and a |*©rfoct j nnd "aegmi. i he initials of each of
in the company's property. They	°f wives and household im- 1	1	111 children were painted
are girdled with barbed wire, like Û pedimenta, and rather arrogantly the bavk °* Hie implements, concentration camp, and patrolled,	demanded	audience. When	certain	Dr John Clifford, the famous Rup-
b.v armed guards in order to prevent	formalities	had been complied with,	tist preacher, is a good example of
the black Prince was admitted. But 11 self-made man. IBs parents were mi ordinary audience would by no working people, and be received but means auit him. lie came on very a very scanty share of education at important and particular business, the village school.
Nothing short of a special and secret the doctor once said audience would serve his turn.	tory when
After much palaver the Governor
I	I ¦¦¦Ron- granted the special and secret au-
‘v.il tin* u< ins about their person in J dience, and opened it with
'he most unexpected places. A “Well, what can 1 do for vou ?" favorite	Hick is to	swallow tlv Then it	turned out that the black
? tones, .in n’UiIiMc	antidote is to	Prince's	sole object in	coming in
•place a rough piece	of alum state t0 the const had been to beg a
amongst	tin- clay upon which a	white linen shirt with	a starched
suspect	is working,	i his powerful	front. He	got one, and	was made
astringent is readily shaped to tho happy appearance of an unpolished stone. ' in his haste to get the supposed
7—4
mai y weeks
native in a con-
HIG II PRAISE
ON SPECIAL BBS I NESS
,
ho

on
After four months'
r-

«



the approach of illicit diamond-buy
ing morciinnls or the escape of of the inmates.


my

*
1 began life," in a lace fuc-I was eleven years old. and I may say that I know tho lace trade from top to bottom—nt least, ns it WM fifty years ago at first ns an ordinary hand,' and in those days the factory laws n their infancy and the conditions of labor exceedingly onerous hours wore terribly long, and I have worked nil night again and again when a boy When about eighteen, after _ being manager	of the lacemending department,	he became
book-keeper, and this gave him his first opportunity of getting the world.
9
Tin: DAILY MXA MI NATION
is every wl»it us nwo.'sary us compound system accomplished thieves, and will
%

the
A
The niggers are

5
il

'//
>
1 worked
I
\
X
were
V»
K
The
1
nAN!SvnUBNT VOU GAMBLERS.
. i m RT.Tytiuf‘nenfis nrttr TtW7’"for stoke# of a farthing an apprentice named Paul ItitrJel has been sentenced to banishment from Austria. According to the Austrian criminal law the uniform punishment for nil gnmes of chance, including th*» game “head# and tails" is bauishx cnt.
I
J
I
Mr

I I	__I	__ Tin vs—'Most thing# that are
gem out of the overseer's reach, the bought go to the buyer." Jcnks — dishonest nigger swallows it on “Yes, oil except coal, that goes to fc-gln and is immediately a candidate the uULu.”
POOR HENFEOK ' ITenpeck say# hi# house is never cold in "His wife make# it hot for him/i
on in
winter.M


###PAGE###3###



!
U AN'!C OF FRANCE ENGRAVER.
The engraver of the Bnnk of Franco is not to bo envied In regard to the jconditions under which ho works. I ¦ bank is about to itmie a new thousand-franc note, and the engrav-*r Ini* •.it working at ; plates
Ceylon Te. I. the flne.t
Tea the world produces» w,ure a	room is reserved for
reduces land Is sold only In lead of"the	""	""
TOT! OLDEST HORSE.
There 1ms Just died at Oakenholt, tear Flint, North Wales, a horso at the advanced ago of forty-three ear», said to have been Uio oldest orme In England. The horme,	a
handsome black charger, was property of Colonel lirtdgford many rears ago, and was sold to the late tir. T. W. Heaton, of The Priory, Higher Crumpsnll, who at his death blade provision for the animal to live in quietness and luxury nt the farm in North Wales.
,g
'yW^D-iiiAp <c4 yùtvVdiU/ -fo
&£& 'kmtiMts &utMs (Ju/LAdüt/'rts* r/J- /Wtv unAÂf /cz
Sunlight Soap will not burn the nap off woolens nor the surface off linens.
E
i'Jio
:
Sunlight Soap
tho
PS

Eat h
civvlS'
1\

n
o
messengers receives
nsrlrsto	,,im- locks him in. and mounts
pdURCia*	guard outside the door. in the ev-
Black, Mixed and Green. 1111 lllu uml occwsorm
w	nru put in a box, wh*c& is realod up
apan tea drinkers try “Safada" Green tea. and transported to the vaults
low. uheio it I-, io<keel up f"i night.

ms
10
EXPENSE
w
•SI
SEASONABLE ABVIOE
r
II
bo-
i
i
the


4
PRIZES OF THE BRITISH BAR
MONOGRAMS ON PEACHES.
At a large dinner party given In London the poaches placed on the
Tho Lond High Chancellor of Cirent I tabl° ,Jore monogram of their Britain Is second only in position owner traced distinctly In the vel-to tho Archbishop Canterbury, and 'c^ 1,10111 1,1 order to produce
ho cmJovh an income of 110,000 a ltllis uni,luc eiïcct. ,ettcrs "cru cl,t year. The Ix,rd Chief Juetlco of fr°™ paper find pasted on tho peaches
England has a salary of £8,000 a w,hil° groW,,,g . "tllc (ruilt wns year. The Master of tho Bolls has '' »’«¦ 0,1 rcmovln* th,! 1""'^ le1tt,er* a snmrv of £0,000 n year, and the th" monograms were found picked
Lords of ApiH'al in Ordinary have ‘'l'1.,1'1	d?“fnta Km'"' *ho fost
the same. The Lords Justices of ?f 1,0 ,ruU being rosy and deep
tho Court of Appeal and the Judges1 mca‘ of tho High year each.
lice Magistrate», and tho County Court Judges earn £1,500	i._
year each. Tho Masters of the High Court are chosen cither from barristers or from solicitors, but all tho other oflico holders to whom we have alluded must have corne from the bar.
The Attorney General mukce much more money than any of these dignitaries. Ilia saiary is only £7,000, but he has fees as well, nometimes to n very large amount The Sold i-tor General has £6,000 a year, he- I An Open Letter in Which & Fronii-8 id es his fees. Of course, the double | rient Citizen Gives a Strong
Recommendation for Dodd's Kidney Pills, a Remedy Which He Says Restored Him to Good that ! Health.
CHANGE OF WEATHER DISAS-TEROUS TO MANY PEOPLE.
a
Mlnaid's Liniment Cures La Grippe
Incomes of Some of the Leading
Lawyers.
I
Don’t
OUR
N.
Bad Blood Makes You Liable to Cold—A Cold Makes Yo% Liable to Twenty Diseases—Hew to Protect Yourself.
The average tcm[ craturo of Great BrRniu has riser 1 1-U degrees tho past 50 years.
BRANDS.
i
\
in
Experiment
with
other and Inferior
brands,
t D
1
King Edward
toe
i
Bai, yD .
ZcTop-.
WABASH RAILROAD
During the months of Keptcmbei and October, will soli one way sro ond class tourist tickets tit greatly reduced rates to California, Washington, Oregon, Utah, Montana, British Columbia and other Pacific Coast points. Tickets will Lc sold via ail direct routes. The Wabash is the shortest, best and quickest route from Canada to the above points. 1 ihc.st equipped \ aseenger trains in America.
Bates, time-tables and all particulars from any ticket agent, or J. A. Rl hai (Ison, Dili Agent, N. E. Corner King & Yungs Sts., Toronto, and St. Thomas, Out.
Changes of tho reason affects tho health movo or loss perceptibly. Tho effect of the hot summer weather on
“ Headlight"
l
6)03
t
the hi03(1 leaves it thin and watery, find now that tho weather is- cliungc-ablo this makes itself disagreeably felt. You feel bilious, dyspeptic and tired; there may be pimples or eruptions of the skin; the damp weather brings little twinges of rheumatism or neuralgia that give warning of tho winter that is coming. If you want to be brisk and strong for the winter it is now that you should build up tho blood, and give the nerves a little tonic. Or Williams* Pink Pills are thç greatest of all bloo'd-making, nerve-restoring tonics, ami will make you strong>nnd stave off the aches and pains of winter if you take them now. Mr. James Adams. Brandon. Man., is one of the thousands whom Dr. Williams' Pink Pills h ixe restored to health and strength. lLe says : "It Is with deep gratitude that 1 acknowledge tho brneMt that I have derived from tho use of hr. Williams’ Pink Pills. Before taxing the pills my health was much shattered with rheumatism, nervous depression and sleeplessness.
1 or fully twelve months I rarely got a good night’s sleep. XUirn I began the uso of the pills it was with a determination to gi\c them n fair trial. I did
" Eagle "
ioiT2Pwi
USE
Court earn £5,000 a Tho Masters of the Court, the London Pa-
in nearly every street in Japanese cities is a public oven, where for a small fee h ou sew heft may have their J I dinners and suppers cooked for ,l them.
“ Victoria”
EDDY’S

11 Little Comet"
CANADA
HULL,
A WELLAND MERCHANT
wood* Photo. E nc.r vim, _ J. I JONES I NC i° v
^"IbB BAY STREET - lOPOWlO
Comlnlan Llna Steamship!
liootres! tc UferfeeL Boston to Uvwr-pool. Portland to LOorpool. VUguetes-
ÎArJesod Fait filesmsh-ps Huperior a<rsmmedition for sif cl wee# of Da«Mm«ori. Bdovai sod filsUroer.i Vhipe	atfestie» hu been elrso to WW
Tho Bride—"I don't what to have any trouble with you, Bridget." The Cook—' Then, mistress dear, let mo hear no complaints !"
Passenger
HE SAYS HE IS NOW FEELING BETTER THAN IIE HAS FOR MANY YEARS.
Minard’s Urimentthe best Hair Restorer
The income of the gambling establishment at Monte Carlo full off last year.
Germany Is the only Euroi can kingdom which by Ms Constitution h is but a single Minister ; ha is called the Imperial Chancellor.
Lever’s Y-Z fee l a il t Soap Powder is better than other soup powders, as it also acts as a disinfectant
pa*e«mf#ri. hwoum mod Bl*Wro«*j kod oil porlteelmri, apply le 00/ &***#
trr ami
work, legal and parliamentary, which these officers have to undertake is most arduous, requiring an iron constitution and a mind requires but little time for rest. The private practitioners in some few
cases make larger incomes than any	....
of the official persons at tho bar. It	merchant of this place,
<flvo|	for publication, an open letter
us follows:
Mlnanfs Liniment for Rheumatism.
oftke Conipeuy, or
D Torrsnce A Co
Montreal silJ FurLlanÀ
(Wise Head) l>l«in-
26
Grapes contain from 12 to per cent. of sugar—more, that is than any other fruit.
AGENTS WANTED ZW&ÏSSÏ*
ea2
Anf
Welland, Ont., Nov., 3 —(Special ) —Mr. J. J. Yokom, grocer and pro*
has

ENGLISH SPAVIN LINIMENT
Employer—"I shall expect you to
salary, remember
that’s all
All kinds
dead op alive. We
rend empty cralee, pay higher price*, and re* hilt prcmvtJy. O.ntario Povi.trv C o , 17 Carlaw Are., Toronto.
Poultry Wanted
is not indeed many who make figures;M hut there may be always two leaders who are scblev-
. The leaders who are chief-1 n* ,nR Wlt 1 K ninny 1 mutile, in ail
of its worst forms. I had a very
depressed feeling in yiy head and little or no appetite, a constant feel-by I 1ng of kmgour, and i became greatly reduced in weight.
"At times I was entirely incapacitated.
New
removes all hard, soft or calloused Lumps earn your find Blemishes from horses. Blood Spavin, office Boy—"Oh, if
ggsesstitosmsss !¦: tr-“‘	6”“y
Vic. S.ivo $50 by use of one botile. War* a boy like m panted the most wonderful Blemish Cure ever known. Sold by all druggists.
For a year or more I had been
you
one or ing this
ly before tho public in ordinary cases do not often make more than from £5,000 to £6.000 a year. Larger fortunes ore frequently made nien who specialize in patent cases, who are engaged in rating appeals ami compensation work, or who practice their profession at the Parliamentary bar.
so, and can truthfully Say that I could not wish for better health than I now enjoy. I shall always speak a good word for Dr. Williams* Pink Pills.M
SMITH A CAMfRSN
Bilie ter» of Ztirnti Can* !* L’fp Ituild f,! Teroite
Write fer fee a-lvlr#
Mind's Liniment Is \h best.
Italy began the silk industry in tho fourteenth century, but in 17f>0 Franco surpassed Italy, and has sinco kept tho first position.
r
The highest mountain in tho moon least 35,000 feet in height; that is 6,000 feet higher than Mount Everest#
POULTRY.
Poor blood is the cause of most diseases. Good blood menus health ami strength. Dr. Williams' Pink Pills do not purge—they simply make pure, rich blood. That’s why they cure so many disease». But you must always get the genuine with ,tho full name "Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People " on the wrapper around every box. Sold by all druggists or sent by mail, post paid ht 50 cent.4 a box or six boxes for 12.50, by writing direct to the Dr. Mlliams' Medicine Co.» Brock ville.
is at
"1 have spent considerable money in medicines of different kinds but did not get any good results. I also doctored with a physician of vast experience but got no benefit.
"At kvt I became discouraged and hopeless of ever being well again. One day by luck I heard of Dodd's Kidney Pills and began to uso them.
We can handle unlimited quantities of first-class dry picked Poultry, aud want 10,000 Turkeys and Chickens to fill our order trade.
For Or<r Sixty Tears.
A*r Old and WkllTiusd Rearer. — Mm
" lB**Pw* ' oithing Syrup h<w been med for orer eLXly resn by million* uf mothers fer their children wm* teeth ng, with perfect moce». It tooths* the cUIR of e.,1 .he gums, allays all Baio. cure* wind rolls, and etbe Lost remedy for Warrhœs. I* plea snt to th~ ai-e he.d by dru«l*U in ererr pm cf the *er l iwenty-bfe esuts a bottle. Its talus Is l-c*lcu!*bi*
tod uk.MoVh,,kind W|U1-”*
How's This !
APPLES.
THE MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE.
Wo offer Ono Hundred Dollars Reward A>r any case of Catarrh that cannot be cured by Hull'* Catarrh Cure
1\ J. CT1KNK Y & Co . Toledo, U.
We. tho undersigned .1. Cheney fur tho |»ulievo him perfectly honorable busim transactions able to carry out any obligations made | taken five boxes my old trouble had
fc:.sVr*”rniUAX. Wholesale Druggists, entirely disappeared, and I was feel-Toledo, O WALD1NC, KIN N A N & ing better than I had in many years. MARVIN, Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, |	"% lun now in splendid health and
I,„H', ('«terrli Cure I, taken Inter- j able to stand grant exertion in fact pally, acting directly upon the blood | my general health is better than it and ' mi.	i ol tho syst
Testimonials sent free. Price 75c. per bottle. Mold by all druggists.
Rail s Family Pills are tho best
We have a trade that will take any
them.
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
quantity of first-cla*», properly p Apples, and we can t-kc care or We have ample storage.
We oao >1* > ha-idle y mit LUTTER, KGG8, HONEY, ONION’S. LKAS.S an 1 other produce loryou.
Hu DAY/301 COM133ÎOH CO., Limited,
Car. ri<st Mirkst Aid 0» bw.it Sts. TOAONrO.
I. have known 1 . last 15 years, and
in all
31
'From the first they seemed to suit and financially I my ease exactly, and when I had
Several species of moss, a lily, a -Poppy, and a nasturtium are luminous at night.
Dnt
lor.esposdcn e invited
Preserves the toefh. Sweetens tho breath Strengthens the gums
KING AS A GOOD SAMARITAN
t)

Sends His Own Nurse to Care for Sick Young Man.	»
King Fxhvurd, in his numerous acts »f kindness and charity, is not a pan to let his left hand know what iis right hand docth. As an itanco this story is told by a. Corespondent:
M he King recently learned that a young man, William Donald, employ-id in Edinburgh, had come to his Bulmoral estate hoplcasly ill of the tame trouble through which tho King recently passed, to be nursed by his nother. The King sent his physl-:ion. Sir James Reid, to ascertain if anything could be done, but the front doctor found himself unable lo do anything. Tho King then visited the cottage himself, saw the youth and expressed his deep sympathy for him.
Then he told Mrs. Donald that tho ourse who had attended him through us serious operation and illness was it ill with him, and that be would lend her every day to dress the son’s rounds and make him comfortable; llso that a water bed would be sent rom lia I moral Castle Unit 1f she could suggest anything \n please her son it would be careful lv attended to.
Messrs. C. C. Richards & Co.
Gentlemen,—Theodore Dorai#, a customer of mine, was completely cured, of rheumatism after five year* of suffering, by the judicious use ol MIN ARDS LINIMENT.
The above fact can be verified by writing to him, to the parish priest or any of his neighbors.
To send fer our Com» plete Sheet Music Catalogues and Special Rates.
«	a	We are equippe
Tetchers -
WANTED.
MUSIC

has boen in a long time.
"Since my recovery 1 have told many others of Dodd's Kidney Pills and how they cured me to stay cured. Many of them say it seem» train- Nervous Employer—"Thomas, I wish I possible and yet they know it is wouldn’t whistle at your work." | true."



d to usic anada.
'
i
In

WHALEY, 6CYCE 8 CO , limited
153 Venge 5/«?>L TORON PJ, OUT.
y o l
Office Roy—"I ain’t working, sir ; I'm only just whistling
(Signed) J. J. YOKOM. Mr. Yokom has been a resident of
i
• #
ms
A. COTE,
Welland for years, and is known to
every men, woman and child in the
FROM TORONTO	town. lie was born in the neigh-
imd Canadian points to New York Coring township of Crowlnnd, withan d Philadelphia. The best route jn three mRcs 0f his present home, Lehigh Valley Railroad. Scr- on(j ]f) known ns n man of Christian vice the best, scenery unsurpassed, I principles who would not make a Pullman palace sleeping cars, dm- : statement that wouid in any way bo ing car service, meals a la carte. Tho nûgleading only line from Canada landing past-
near all European steam-

356 Main Street, WINNIPEG, MAN.

Merchant, St. Isidore, Quo May 12th. 1898.
VCUli OVERCOATS

l
Gar

¦<
’LOAF
via
The hawthorn comes into leaf earlier than any other British tree. It has been known to be in leaf by February 11th. Birch comes next, and elm third in the list.
A
and	Suits would look letter <ÿel If m
BRITISH AMERICAN DYwINQ CO.
Montreal.
r4 <
/
/
)k
scngers
ship docks in New York, saving passengers for Europe a long and cx-
Roulc of the Day train, For tickets, Pullmans and
further particulars call on Trunk Agents or on Iiobt. S. Lewis,
Canadian	IjHPIHl
Yonge street, Board of Trade building, Toronto.
O.UOO GLASSES A DAY.
In tho production of common watch glasses the gins* is blown into a sphere about 10 inches in diameter. sufficient material being taken to give the desired thickness, as the case may be. Discs are then cut out from this sphere with the aid of a pair of compasses having a diamond at the extremity of one leg. There is a knack in detaching the disc after it has been cut. A good workman will cut 0,000 glasses a day.
AN ADMIRABLE FOOD
-l\Y USING—
Standard American Wicks
--AND-
Sarnia lamp Oil.
pensive transfer Black Diamond Express try it
EPPS’S
FOR MAINTAINING ROBUST HEALTH
COCOA
Lm's lateral Fluor Fonds
Y	Jn«t Exactly Right, then pot op in key
opening enna. lou get them at ror.r grocer's V -j"* ** tl.ey leave *%-da1nty. tfelkione re !
reyhr toeerve. i o» wl '• I never keep house with* y 001 UM! a roobf when >oa one# try ti.ea.
Grand
33
Passenger Agent,
LIBBY, McNEILL & LIBCY, ItKCAVO
lie added
Ask for
Taisaa
ear huokl TO Eat/
let. “How to Mass Ooo» ' It will be muI you free.
wre 1153
IN COLD CLIMATES
First Stranger—"! say, that’s my umbrella you have !" Second Stranger—"! don’t doubt it, sir; 1 bought it at a pawnshop.”
SAVE THE BABY
If We Could Make You Understand
i Mother Tells How Many a Threatened Life May Ee Picscrved.
SOMETHING TO REMEMBER. f
When traveling you should bear in mind the road and the trains that will take you to your destination in the fastest time, and in the most comfortable manner. The Grand Trunk service excels in both particulars and passengers from Toronto to Montreal, Buffalo, New York, Detroit and Chicago, will find the day trains equipped with wide vestibuled coaches, handsome Cafe Parlor and Dining Cars serving meals "a la carte.” The night trains carry Pullman sleeping cars to all above points. You can leave Toronto for Montreal and east at 9 a. m. and 10 p. m. for Buffalo and New York at 9 a. m., 4.50 and 0.15 p. m. and to Detroit and Chicago at 7.35 a. m., 4.50 p. m. and 11.20 p. in. Tickets, reservations, etc., at city office, northwest corner King and Yonge streets.
To the loving mother no expense is loo great, no labor too severe, if it rill preserve tho health of her little ¦ Childish ills are generally rituple, but so light is baby’s, on life that it is often .t knowh ni go	r
bubv’s illness every crisis is a criti-
l think the timely use tf Baby’s Own Tablets would save dear little life,” writes Mrs.
Glen Sutton,
- I take pleasure in certifying lo the merits of these Tablets, as I I,avo found them ft sure and reliable remedy. My baby was troubled with indigestion at teething time, and
k ¦ < n >m n nd rest le i be use <>i 1 y 's < >v. n Tablets made a wonder-
end I am glad to rc-
Mothcrs
that we want to send you an Absolute Gift, you would read every word of this Advertisement, and answer it at once.
May We Hand You One of These?
ti
mes
hold
r
*
right thing to do that
And in
I
END us your name and address on the below request, and we will take pleasure in sending you free of any charge this exquisite gold finished and hard-enamelled F!cur-de-Lis Chatelaine brooch and Gainsborough Locket. This is a princely gift being finely gold finished and sells regularly at $i.oo The Secret-Locket opens and will hold two pictures. It is the embodiment of artistic skill and beauty. The present is unconditional, it being a bid for your friendship and good-will. With the Chatelaine Brooch and Locket we will send you ten boxes of Standard Elcctine Medicines to sell, if you can, at 25 cts. each ; then return us our money and we will give you absolutely free all the following magnificent premiums : One Genuine Solid Gold Shell Ring, set with five simulative Rubies, Emeralds or Opals ; one Ncthcrsole Illusion Bracelet ; One Imported Parisian Belt Buckle, and a complete set of Table Tennis (the most fascinating and popular game in the world.) Never before has there been gathered together such an array of beautif ul and distinctive premiums for so light a service. Our medicines and premiums stand squarely on
We know this from
s
ml one
This Fleur-do-1 la cits-tcLtiua Uroovh and Locket Is *
gift to or* ry perron anawering this silver.
liuny a
fowl,
»


id** * A
-f
} -A
r jjr*
J




lui change
1 inmend them to other»
these Tablets never after-
9 9
Alio U90	!¦	.
ward resort to harsh purgatives, that tripe and torture baby, nor to the so-called '"soothing” preparations that often contain poisonous opiates. Baby’s Own Tablets are pleasant to take, guaranteed to bo harmless Send 25 cents for a full-lized box to the Dr Williams’, dicine Co., Brockville; Ont.,'If your druggists does not sell them.
Vienna has the largest public bath in Europe. It is 578 feet long, and 156 feet wide. It can accommodate 1,500 people.
their merits and arc satisfying in every respect, thousands of testimonials from every province praisingour remedies and expressing delight without splendid premiums. It will be to your advantage to reply at once—don’t put it off till to-morrow but write now before you forget it. Remember, all you have to do is to sign and return the attached request to day ; the Chatelaine Brooch, Locket and Medicine will be promptly mailed postpaid, and even if you do not sell the Medicine you at least have a $1.00 Chatelaim Brooch and Locket for simply making the effort. Do not hesitate, you can count on our fulfilling every promise to the letter, and you will be more than satisfied. Lay down this paper and write HHHjH
Request tor Fleur-de-Li* ChaUklne Brooch, Gainsborough Locket, and Medicine.
ELECT!NE MEDICINE CO.% LIMITED\ Toronto, Ont.
Ship immediately by mail one Fleur-ie-Us Chatelaine Brooch and locket ; a ho to twentyfive cent boxes oft lectine Medicines, J agree to wake au earnest effort to sell the me. dicine a nd return you the money with ihe understanding that I cm to recetteforthis service a Solid Go'd Shell,$•stoneRmr. a Netherso'e Iltusum ****£*> a* ^ported Par man Pelt Buckle, and a complete set of Table Tennis. If Ifas l to sell the medicine, l will ret am it to you wsthm thirty days, and retain the Chatelaine Brooch and Locket as a gift from you,
Nome.......
Address
“Just a Little”
Mo-
Pain neglected, may produce chronic Rheumatism or Gout. Just a little Backache may create Lumbago. Just a little Sprain some ies makes a Italy has 400 princes, over 450 Cfripple. Just a little Bruise may do dukes, 960 marquises, besides 1,700 ft lot of damage. Just a little counts, ” erd nearly 3,000 inferior Headache may be the forerunner of nobles	Neuralgia. Just a little St. Jacobs
"v°" ss ssl -% 2
di but1 you JSrti cortî a Years Tf'ThJuîe gainst
years of Palo*
us now.

w u
The Electine Medicine Co., Limited,
TORONTO, ONT.
¦ Writ* your name end oCdres5 very very pleinr/.

pretty severe oilier
i wort—" Y-o-c-e-n
bow he charged me.”
fellow,

Ü.

see















###PAGE###4###


**»


; ¦






THE EQUITY.
THE MARKETS.
SMART à SMITH
shawvtllb
MASSE Y-H ARRIS
THE COAL FAMINE
J 8HAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) 70 to 7lo.
: I Flour per barrel, $3.75 to $4.00. The Congressional e'eotioua in the Uni* Oats per bushel, 00 to 90o. ted State» last week indtcatis little weak- Pease per bushel, 00 to too.
net» in the protect on sent ment which Buckwheat. 00c. per bush, dominates that great country. Republicanism continuée to hold its own.
SHAWVILLE, NOV. 6, 1902.
WARE-ROOMS

Suggests a very cold time this coming winter unless you provide yourself with plenty of good Warm Olothing.

Rye, per bush. 00 cents.
Kggs, per doien, 10c.
m. â A. .a .	, , , Butter, per pound, 00 to 16o.
gsr.
closely, au(l altogether is making hit in- • Calfskins, 45 to 65 tents cm h
fluence felt in the reality of governing ai much as the Emperor of Germany does in Germany. : 4^	% £	. jg

«fthçHEAD
See our Stock of
OTTAWA
Butter, print, 22c. per tb.
“ pail», 18 to’IOe. per lb. Eggs, fresh,583c. per dos. Potatoes, 05c. per bag.
Lamb, 8 to 9c. per lb.
Mutton,5 to6c. per lb.
Beef, 4 to 6c. per lb;
THE LATEST DRESS GOODS, ALL WOOL BLANKETS, LADIES' JACKETS,
FUR GOODS of all kinds,
MEN' OVERCOATS,
TWEEDS, ETOFFES, and READY-MADE SUITS.
Two seats m the Ontsrio Legislature have been lost to the Conservatives because of illegal conduct by supportera. The lues of the seats ii bad, but the lose of moral strength is worse. Werk that produces such results machine# men to grim.
The New Williams Silent Running..
SEWING MACHINES.
oauies the
1 ¦ ¦
No pads required to deaden the sound. New Wood Work, latest styles of Tables and Cabinets, latest attachments, and up-to-date in every particular.
Call and see them, a shipment having just arrived of the latest styles and finishes.
Pork, $7.00 to $8.00 per 100. Oats, 30 to 32c. per bushel.
The inland revenue returns show that last year the consumption of beer in Cs-	m	I
imda reached the unprecedented figure of I Hay, $7.00to $10.00 per ton. five and one tenth gallons a head, while | Wool 14 to 15c. per lb. the consumption of whiskey and wine was Urger than usual. The diecutalon of prohibition pleblcites and referendums is evidently dry work.
Hog For Service.
U*.,— —ISSSaB'IMACFARLANE BROS.
the contiary, the spread of the bubonic	H. T. McDOWRLL
plague in San Francisco is becoming very |	Lot 4. 0th R Clarendon,
serious. The plague is not confined to Chinese quarters, many white having been stricken. Dr. J. M
O
SMART & SMITH.
1 P,e:r.eone «ourcee is to the effect that the man who A , A.	— e -Wiliam. | organised the big creamery trust in ths
son, president, of the Local Board of United States recently is back of the Health, pronoses that Chinatown should Canadian movement. The scheme is not be urne down.	| yet sufficiently edvanced to give any par
ticulars as to capitalisation as the organ-1	V jk	WT
Whst a grand back handed advertise- issr is merely making hie initial proposal f ^ | A A w\ 1^ IJl 1 l\| ment Canada is getting from the Doukho- to the factory men. In its tentative form % J	m mam a w	A. w
bvr antics may be judged from the dee- it is proposed to combine the big factories	^^4
patch from London stating that : “The and put them under one management.	gj §§ g T L" U M TT g
accounts of theDoukhobor movement are The scheme, it is said, would tend to in*	XVMmà JUHi X\ Ifl XJUU^^
doing harm here. An English lady crease the quality of the Canadian pro-called at the Canadian government office j duct, increase ita value on the msrket and yesterday. She was alarmed lest her eon reduce operating ex should be killed by the homicidal maniacs ceuld be learned in
izer will be in this district next week? I
1902 P- S — Cutters, Robes, Harness and Blankets.
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT KILL I
||IGH CLASS \jlll MEDIUM
FURNITURE.
• %
15"* «ai *0^01^! Remember that we are adding to our reputation as manufacturers of High Grade Flour.
You don’t Catch Us standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation already established, No, sir !
We want Hard Milling Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large stocK of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Prices Right.
of the Northwest.”
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables,
Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
The British Government has intimated that Ontario's bonussed beet root sugar will not, under the terms of the Brussels convention, be penalized if exported to Great Britain. This ia theoratically
r.ther than pNctical1, mterMiiBg The I North Bay, Nor. 8. -The eommUaionit amount of the Ontario bonus ta only $7:>- for T. & N. O. R. Ry. were at North
£e#r’ "4	during which Biy yes'erday, examining into both lo-
a be paid ii limited to three years. . cations for the terminus or junotion with ^«ot much of the bonussed product of the the C P R and G T R industries will got across the water.	* 1
Is It Trickery ?
COMMISSION BR* ASK NORTH BAT FOR A BONUS FOR A OOVBRNMBNT ROAD.
r

JAMES WILSON,
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
It is said they asked a bonus of $5,000 cash, f.om the torn of North Bay, to A special phytican has been appointed locals the terminus there, and as the for the purpose, and hereafter it is an town is very anxious to secure it, the nounced, greater strictness will be ex probabil ty is it a ill be granted, although erased in excluding diseased immigrants it is quest or.e 1, why a government road from Canada. Certain forms of infectious being built by the government, in the ineye dfseise are «aid to have developed in teieita of the province aid with the . * . r* *chools as the result of the money of the province, should aek for
work because they are poor, but when afford them au excuse to locate the ter-	8
poverty is combined with disease of un- minus of junction at Ntp:s-iog junction, p.cavaut character the applicants for ad to suit the G. T. R. Certain'y the de* mission have no cause of complaint if they mind is inexplicable. A special (Meeting are rejected.	j -.f	ifc,, t cr. 00a	c l w e c.	Id for	Iaum
HopsfuFof pTXr,;,,.,	Tr&d*. ! *....... “	""	'
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Re.eon.ble,
Fall Millinery
Farm for Sale.
Bart of Lot 27 of the 5th Range of Clarendon— 136 acres ; convenient to Shaw-ville, Portage da Fort, Bryson and P. P. J. By.; Hd acres cleared well fenced and well watered, soil, rich clay loam, and in a good state of cultivation, level, but with sufficient slope to drain well, 75 acres ready for grain crop next year, 28 acres of hay, balance In pasture, of which 18 acres is Cleared, orchard of 50 trees, large com modious house, 2 barns, 40x50 feet, and •* horse 21x90 feet, fitted up with track * for hay fork. UO foot shed, cow house for 20 head, pig house, wood shed, carriage house, granary and dairy. 50 acres ready for wheat next year. Will be sold with or without stock and at tenus to suit pur . I^haser. Price greatly reduced for ImmedJ iate Kale. For
THE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
Choice
Ready-to-wear Hat#,
Dress Hats,
Feathers,
Ribbons,
Velvets, etc.
Fall
Goods
FACTORY
General News, to be I general complete
-ÎSS.ÏÏÏÎ!, %% I
a«d comment on the Coloniil conference it11 Blld’ loth* exprtwed wishes of the 0 ncI^«a that the responsibility for the j Vir*'
refusal to grant preferential trade fi Can- The Cuba Rails sy Company, in which
f ,Z?uted 688 upon the Moabl Sacre- Sir William Van Ho-ne is interested, Jits <t /r . i” UP.0Ü colleagues. He stye : f been authorized by the Cuban Railway I Chamber!*;*, 1 think would have f Co madia im, at a canibilization of $20. • g.anted shat was asked, but the 000,000 others were not ready for it. The a'ti- f
Tude wM partially due i think, to the After fir* day* trial »t Daw,on, the
fact that ju.t ,t the tinte the conference I P'”"™ **%•!* wu found guilty of th.
murder of Boathillette of S; Francis,
Quebec, and sentenced tv be hanged January 10
COL. DENISON IfflMKH XT AND
SCHEME ARK HOUND TO COME.
A DEFENCE
(Formerly McCredie & Ijodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
now coming in
further particular* imply LIONEL HODGINS. Radford. Que
to.
AT
now In stock at
The Starkes Corners
Cheap Cash - Store.
MISS A. McRAES,
Shawville,
Farm For Sale.
Bein? the North Bust Half of No. 1) in t he 2nd Range of the township of t Jai-endon, vontaluing 100acres of good clay and loom y land, about 3i> acres of which are cleared. On the premises area barn and small house. For terms and fuller Information apply to Mrs. H. Barr, North Bay, Ont., or
#####
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP TO- DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. ::
Call early and make your choice while these Stylish Goods last.
. a cîn proffr0M the elections at Bury and ». o«ven Oaks wont dead against the $ overt ment. Ths politicians, for the /most part, appeared to be afraid of their own shadow.». 'Evidently they, will not act till public opinion, ii educated up to it by others. Tint was partly the reason for my visit to England. There are two points which I emphasized here recently
P,km. I am confident that with the ed- At Baltimore Monday doctor, grafted i	V^n, f d.y « uftn “* „%^f	° w:|
ucation of publia opinion we will have egg membrane upon the arm of a German com. st Vincent's hoaoiW died earlv ?<»“*** fully equips* offices in Montreal
vz	SHZrxsl	—¦—¦ • 3
JSngland.	|	oellent substitute for human tissue. J she wee employed as a servant. At the
An 8-year-old boy, George Parsons, of! hospital heroic efforts to determine the Sin Francisco, was kicked on the head, cause of her condition met with little his skull being crushed In and a portion success. Hundreds of physiciens exaroin-b vis-elections thi' ID VCATION | of the brains lost. The doctors at first ed her and every known method warn tried
regarded the csss as hopeless, but after to awaken the sleeper, but with little au vperation the boy is rapidly recover- j success. Two or three times she was
roused and spoke a few words, «gring
on
A. LYON, M. D.
flhawviile.
Straved.
The main portion of the town of St.
P.erre, Miquelon, has been destroyed by tira. The governor's house, government I Strayed from the IfcTiern&tt Farm, near
buildings, ha>e bueu laid waste. I will lead to their recovery will he thankfully received by the undersigned.
WM. CLARKE. Clarke's Station.

A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mould-
mgs. Turning», etc., win be kept Groceries always fresh
on hand and Custom Work done
PATENTS
and select.
usuaL
was
[PROMPTLY SECURED]
a rite for our interesting books “ lavent-
( ROBERT C. HODCINS.
SILAS YOUNG.
Here it is I jSHAW^LE’s
The Place
rion
Ive special nodes without charge in newspapers distributed throughout
SASH and DOOR
the I> min ion.
Specialty :-Patent tarer» and Engineers
MARION & MARION
Solicitors
of Manufac-
Blow b or Balfour.
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Eavetroughing,
Roofiqg and
Repairing
Tenders will He received at the same L- ..	11
lis ffiÊKKTïaïïire'fiWÎ Heatiy done at lowert
Sly. Shawviflèk sot later than Nov. 14th ; or to Starke's Corners not later than 10
o'clock, a. m. of the 17th. All tenders to	--
be marked " Tender.” The lowest or any	nil F It ha a
I DALE BROS
Nov. 8,1908.	. President.
IN TWO
B LL DEFEATED CONSERVATIVE CANDIDATE.
W
DC.
SiSSsiSSiBi*5
roMwe'is^n either side, and the thump 0fP$3,000 for the famihea of two Italian	“ * „ ,
ing majority for the Liberal candidate in ! sailors who were killed in a fight with the I Death at the I- east.
Cleveland clearly indicates the unpopular- j piratei.
ity of the education \ÀÉÊÿj^^BKgÊÊjBÊÊÊUÊÊjtÊÊÊÊÊÊtÊÊÊ^^ÊÊÊ^^^
? Li^rpSŸr 'a member I Montford and Uatine.u Ooloniiation rail of par] ament, in succession to Augustus way to the great Northern of Canada New York, Nov. 4-It ie believed that 1 Wave Conservative, who haa resigned, has been accomplished. As a result a new iff or 20 persons have been killed or in-Lsultel'in the election of Austin Taylor, line of communication will be opened jured by a premature exploaion of fire Unionist with a majority of 397 over between Montreal and the northern du- works at Madison Square garden. A Hvrb. r R Rabbon», the Libjral candi- trlct’of the province. In January, 1904, | panic among the crowd followed the ex , t	the new line will be opened for traffic plosion.	1	| |' | || II
from Sc. Sauvrur to St. Jerome and a It is reported that four boys who were
Dairy TrustFur Cadi. "	M. tram a j*. ¦« ». .^»'^ — -
Th.	.a ». Ojoaâiia g.	dtCtZS JZ	STJZ
Ë^ÎSBrSS =SSSSSSSlsSSl,SiHs^
ma-
in connection with my former busf-ness I have just placed In position a set of first-claw machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
N otice.
To the Patron# and Shareholders of the
Claresdon Cheese and Butter Company :
The annual meeting of Clarendon Cheese and Butter Company will be held at Starke's Corners on Monday, November 17th at 12 o slock, for the purpose of paying off dividends and other business m connection with the company, including the taking into consideration the matter of building m new factory for next year. All stock holders sure requested to be pro» rent.
Sash,
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, ho.
FIFTEEN TO TWENTY KILLED IN MADISON
GARDEN.
St. Jerome, Nov. 7.—The sale of the
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first class work.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage In the past, I shall look forward to a future In crease In business.
•I
ShawviUe.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
Work has been resumed on the Sturgeon Fa'Is water works, W. J. Grant & Oc, f Toronto being the contractors.

###PAGE###5###






THE EQUITY,

THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Booms,
À. SMILEY, Prop.
60 YEARS’ EXPÉRIENCE
Week»! Jeerntl devoted te Leeal Intereeti.
PÏÏBLISE1D eVlBT THUMDAT
AT SHÀWV1LL1, Co. PONTIAC. QUK.
t 3UB8cwno*-$i.oo a re a a m ad¥akc£.
No paper § topped until mil a rearm*#* are paid, unlearn by special arrangement with
the publisher.	*
»

FURS FINE FURS
Tfuoc Marks Disions Copyrights âo.
:o:
rention _ je probably patwtnble. Com munie*-
book oe Patenta
ADVERTISING RATES I Leni edrertlelng, eight e«nt. per Une tor
SSL SKnù&f%r'"per Um for %- -un1 «aMBTwss"
..sa'mursï	•- »««• -•	mSS^m
Loèel ennouneemenle Inegrted et the ret» V>I>IIIIIIV Jilll% riVdH,
-°«Uuntoreubeiqù*n?fnMrtlone*rl*UU	5ÏÏ5: ttSÏGï
"ESSEü wssafe
Mope aopompanylos them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged tor accordingly,
Birth, msrrtsge and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three eenls per line.
Better than Ever.
This week we wish to have a talk with you about FURS. You know our stock of Furs for this season is larger than ever. Now then—
We claim we sell the best goods on the market. The ones sold heretofore and the steady increase of Vehicles sold tell the story. Call and inspect our stock of
Cutters,-
Driving Sleighs,
Robes,
Blankets,
Harness,
and Machinery,
and numerous other lines in Harness and Horse Furnishings.
Court Shawville,
we me.
For November
LO.E,


Beets the 4th Wodnes day of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Vis!Una brethren cordially Invited.
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by melt prom pi ! y attended to.
If values will do it, this November ought to be a record month in the history of the Firm.
We are pleased to announce to Ladies who are thinking of Furs that here you will find a nice stock of Gray Persian Lamb Jackets, Astra-chan Jackets, Coon Jackets, Persian Lamb and Sable Combination Oaperines, Greenland Seal, Electric Seal, Coney, Baltic Seal Oaperines and Ruffs.
LBC.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.
J. A. Cowan, R 8.
H. 8. BARNirt, F.B
R. W. Hodoiiis.C. R.
Business Cards.
CEO. HYNES,
MEDICAL.
DR. N|cNAUCHTON.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE i
At the new house built by James Cuthbertson, oppos the Exhibition ground*.
MAIN ST., EAST.
At home—Monday, Wednesday and Sat- IqnA tti y r w n	ATTri
urdny afternoons. Telephone In office. D13.A W VUaLlD, • • QUIS.
ite
UNDERTAKER,
A. SMILEY.
Men, Toung Men and Boys, our stock is very complete in Coon, India Buffalo and Wombat Coats, also Fur Robes, La Robe Saskatchewan.
See this Special Une.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M , I A wellwtected end ,&rled stock of
Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IK UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishing*, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
;	F. T. M. C.
Grades*» of Trtaity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria Uni vanity, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omen avn Rmidemc* : J. H AaMSTaoxo’s House, MAIN STRICT • - 8HAWVILL1.
SAVE MONEY
.. AND ..
BUY FROM US
LEGAL.
As to prices, compare. Put us to the test. We invite you to come with the crowds to Shawville’s Biggest Store.
D. LECUERRIER,
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday, Thurs , day and Friday of every week. Office at R. McC. Ritchie's residence.
District and Country.
The St. Thomss strest railway will be-the property of the oily on Nor. 17.
Thoi. A. Arthurs, of Psclcenham town-¦hip, died from blood poisoning caused by •n u'carated tooth.
It is said thit J. Pierpont Morgan is nfg itiating for the purchase of the North Staifordshire, Eng., coal fields.
BOORBEAO RAINVILLE, L. L. L,
G.F.HODGINS
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
All Summer Goods will be sold at cost and below cost to make room for new Winter Stock.
Wm. gamble,
o
ADVOCATE, Me.,
Office: Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks! Simpson's and Peel's mills at Montreal
St., Ottawa, Ont.	were gutted by tire on Friday morning
AT SHAWVILLE EVERY TUESDAY. Lois $40,000
P S—Highest price paid in cash for Wheat, Oats,
Peas, Buckwheat and Rye.
A pars lip measuring three feet from tip ti tip is on exhibition in the office of the Perth Courier.
Liuis Mclntominy, formerly of Brud-ene!, was recently killed by accident at
F %;t Wiliam. # I	ti
Come and see our Prices.
E. B. DEVLIN, ip., B.C.L.
THE FAVORITE
ADVOCATE,
J. F. GRONAU - LADYSMITH.
190 Main St., Hull, Que.
Tira Bank ot Ottawa hu d»cij*d to Will attend Courts of districts of Ottawa I ope j branches at Emmersun, Man., and and Pontiac.	I Pi û c.# A'bcrt, N. W.T	* .
. Mtynr H. ndrie, of Hamilton, ham re-
Q EO. Cm tTI RIG H I , I I^.OOO from an unknown philan-
Hoirard Meredith Percy, a noted-- Me Oi 1 athltfce, was ki led at the Caledonian
s rK	late Sr John Bourinot, whoee estate is
---------------------------------------valued st $20,000.
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC ,
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
OF THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
AT
Trust Building—
Rifles.
WAINMAN’S.
We have bought a Bankrupt stock of Rifles as
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
follows
W. W. IRELAND,
Misa Rit ht: di of Syracuse gave an exhibition in type writing in Ottawa a few Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court, I day's ago. She wrote 139 words a minute Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds,] without error,
Mortgages, etc., executed legally and aatlaT- Mf p RlVey< who for raa^ yem was
factorily.	doorkeeper of the Senate Chamber at
SHAW VILLE - - ¦ • QUE. I Ottawa, aud who was superannuated two
EgBBMBEEl^MNÉNNB^gggDgjÉf'r three years	dead.
Mr. Win. Paisley, cf Torohto, ham bought the Grand Union hotel, O.tawa, for about $25,000. Mr. Alexander, the present manager, goes to the Northwest where he will go into ranching business.
SPENCER REPEATER, 7 Shot, 66 Cal., Rira Fire.. SHARP’S SINGLE SHOT, 56 Cal., Rim Fire ... SHARP'S CENTRE FIRE, 50 Cal.,.......
Price, $8 00 Price, $5 0U Price, $8 00
:o:
McDOTJGALL & CUZNER,
Hardware Merchants, - - • Sussex St. Ottawa.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
OTARY PUBLIA NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND RAVINGS CO., OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON BAST TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be in Shawvllle on Tuesday of every week.
4 full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
.	,	—»,	- I The Boer Com mandent V.ljoen baa
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
It is elated that the location of th* Daering Works in Hamilton Ont., will { result in the establishment of corundum works. The company will use $500,000 " worth of ornery wheels and whetstone
G. E. WAINMAN, SHAWVILLE ItZ:
1	land.
QTTAWÀ, NORTHERN
-AND-
J. J. TURNER,
LICENSED AUCTIONEER tor the County | manually.
rLD^.f^%T.d-Y.1d	I p The Winmpeg Fra. Pre. that
of any kind taken and disposed of by publie Provincial Treasurer Davidson u to rc-
or private sale on reasonable terms. Pub- tire from the Manitoba Cabinet owing to lie sales conducted at Shawvllle once a1 y r	, B M m
¦«onth. 4 variety of articles always on band tor male; Office : Shawvllle, Q,ue.
Friends in Aylmer have received word that Mr, Dresser the principal of St. Francis College who was reported laid aside from his duties by aicknesr, has
health and resumed
P. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
WESTERN RAILWAY.
1 ISSeSS* §. I	I.
facturera oP«âaah,* doom, and °other *bu?ld- aka bat ^ majority take two and Tweed, Ont., Nor. 14.—Thoa. Kennedy here,died early this morning as a result Canadian Pacific Union Station ;	Hj
ing goods, Ottawa, have completed r • ^lf. About ten teams are drawing of Krineville was brought in on a stretcher of being frightfully burned yesterday |	GRACEFIBLD SECTION
jSLtts, ai I ' "*—*"	stsse s&zssst tsai «......	...
Toronto, Nov. 7. - The report of Mr ' The7 were out deer «hooting and Palm- stove.	Ar. 7.40 p.m., Gracefleld. Lv. 7 a.m.
...,«tea——
David \ alandry to ten years in Kingston, membership of 2,816 to enable farmers’ been Ru,te s 1,ttle excitement in the vit- acrw ‘
and to receive 24 lathe», twelve in two| wives to share in the acquisition of soieo ‘ v PJJ1 osuie(* ^7 t^10 Pfa* I Montreal, Nov. 4 — Miss Virginia .Go
tific knowledge for their home.	sence of Mr D n. De< «>wf representmri belle, who conducts a private sanitarium
âi^e*,,*0rk hrm have purchased the ln this city, was placed under arrest this 1 i Ail I property r i the Dsrenzy M >ck j afternoon, charged with being criminally and will erect a stave and hoop ®W *<> responsible for the dta’h of Frederick — —	- 1 "he I Bell, a wealthy resident of Stanbridge,
> Bell, who was seventy years
I'laiii*.
m G.omii,
W
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER

ness tines before the war.
end
JEWELLER
watches,
clocks,
JEWELLERY,
SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.

eat.



H. R SPENCER. GEO. DUNCAN,
Gen. Superintendent. Dis. Pas. Agent,

FK
1
&
months and twelve in a year from date. «n.mmfTTi „ . for an offence under the Ckvifcoo Act
SHÀ W f ILLEj Q. •R*in*t l^e person of the eight-year old
;t__________ daughter of a farmer.
ASrsciALirr;
-
The Arnprior Chronic e sryi :	O.i
JHUMHUlHHHm^aturday Messrs. Claude McLacblin, Ar-The International Rubber Company I mon Burwuh, A. Hood end Lewi. Mm-has beta incorporated it Ottawa, with a nsmusrs e.rmed, bcme ,r?mJ UP "?« P,cka
EAVIKO fablor, I
B. K. Hotchkia., Orange, N. J-	. a ‘
**,«¦«*•*..	The outing was not without its cuti >u»
The t. P. R. land sn’us in ManifcçbA | incident, which convisttd in the killing c f
for Oct have been the heerieet for any » Urge buck by Mr. Burwaih by mere')
month during the last two years, b - stnkn g it on the base of the hern with a
, I 270,616 scree for $952,64.,compared with bullet, a circumstance which is very sur
145,372 scree in October 1901, for $465,. prising in view of the great vitality com-
I 05 ».	* mon to red deer.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
employ between 75 and 100 men.
mill will be run by electricity. The mill I Quebec. ..........................J ______
slte 10 a. f*0* 6rant *° \he company, the ! old, was suffering from a 8‘omach trouble
Ï ' Ijj lBjpj	‘ ; reel* end went to the sanitarium for treatment.
............v. .....................J=le here who will benefit by the indus- The evidence showed that he had been
fails to come down from the Pickanouk. tr7- A.I credit for the company s deci- e]ow]y starved tc death, being fei solely
¦¦SlOll to lOOltl hare IS due to Mr* J oho An Vatep mnri lfmiî/1 f	1) RtEffa wKa
HAWVILLE
S
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
Storekeeper Merchant
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
The	and Metal
_	.	.	, e . , , - lt . I on water and liquid food. Doctor# who
Bronnin, who hi# worked faithfully for ms<j|e the intopay of the body swore the
t ip* »mt week (fleeting a sett! ment, men's death warn doe to starvation. Mira Monday afternoon he and Mr. Decew Gobeille belongs to the Lord's D?y Ad-waited upon the MoNab council at Arn- j vent lets, and ran a similar institution in prior and were given a pledge of exemp- j St. Louis, where eke got into troob'o
The spot for—
A Fashion able Haïr Cut, Good Shampoo, oh •
A Clean Shave.
Ma CLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Your Turn next
uuder similar circumstances.











###PAGE###6###



¦¦ ••***», Jai t

iA





MUTTON ÎROM COLONIES.
Ptrhnp* a tfTim-
I >18 RA NK,S OF TUB DAIRY COW
IWITHWtlf
much value t> him
mer of thi truth may cieep Into hi» brain, and If mo his mate of mind will I f certainly be anything but Improved by the consciousness that him crafty enemy has outwitted him again.
" What la our course ?“ asks Larry, who has fall* n back upon the cushions. and seems to be taking life easy —indeed, the tittle man has a way of doing this quite his own.
•• We shall take the most direct line

In or dor of frequency of occurrence and economic importance to the duirxman, are tuberculosis, abortion and garget. On this mibjoct K. H. Lchuert, professor of veterinary sci-enco nt the Connecticut Agricultural College, spoke to a recent field meet-il ing of the Connecticut Dairyman's Association. With tuberculosis it WnS advised to use great cure in looking after tlio animals with. ref-
Avoiding moldy tuba is a very easy tilation, drainage, food, etc., ns well , but destroying mold already j ns breeding, in order to obtain and
____________________________ Jon thorns not ns 8easy.
Uuda-Pesth, we must pass through doubtful if it is at all possible Baden and other portions of Germany. Xv<
FOR FARMERS f
I
PREFERENTIAL ENACTMENT MADE TOO HASTILY.
| DOCTOR JACK.
Seasonable and Profitable Mints for the Busy Tillers of the Soil.
*#'*'#'**'&*'+"
MOLD IN nUTTER PACKAGES
Britain Cannot Get Supply for
the Army From , ¦ I Australia.
1
By S f. GEORGE RATHBORNE,
Author of *TDocta* Jack'. Wlft," “Captain Tom,” "Baron Sam," "Min
Pauline ol New York," “ Min Caprice, " EV-
* Ir*s**45,#*' -K* •'îlf
A clause 1h to bo Inserted in future army contracts to the effect that the frozen mutton supplied to our soldiers must l>o from British colonies exclusively, says n London letter. In the natural order of things this would come into force and after Noveinbor 1 next, and tho stipulation, it may be said, refers to tho United Kingdom only, lint now I’all Mall finds that in promulgating this preferential enactment In favor of the colonies It has been acting too hastily, that owing to tho economic considerations It have to reverse its decision.

now open—there ha# been an unfortunate sert s of accidents happening lately that temporarily closes several 1%s|.
To reach Vienna, and then
*
routes
I um , koop pliyatcally strong animais I	H	as	also ndvised UkO of tuberculin	by
dealing	with	a	butter	tub	| tho individual and to	take ndvant-
Wait, I will try and mark our course where strong antiseptics cannot bo agt, 0f tho cattle commission, ns it
on this guide-book map."	employed, writes Mr. 1*\ 0. Oltroggv. js for the dairyman's individual good
So Jack busies hinujidf while	Avis	it jg____claimed by good authorities	af4 Xvoll	urn tho public in general.
leans over his shoulder looking on and	' that a	strong solution of corrosive	with	abortion ho laid most stress
offering suggestions now and then. A ( sublimate will not efface certain nmi time on tho so-culhtd contagious very pretty picture Larry thinks as lie kinds of this fungous growth. Wo can form. 1W> advised doing everything watches them through him half closed then only follow one or two courses possible to keep things absolutely eyes, and	It	would	bo	a	shame for any cither	avoid	mold	entirely or	re-	v|eftU (aseptic), tho	isolation	of
man to ever como Wtween two who	turd its growth when in its first	aborting animals, the liberal	use of
seem to be fo mutually smitten—so he	|stage. It is not at all to bo won-	5 to 10 per	emit, solution of	sulpha
nobly resolves to give up his own dried at if commission mon report nnptliol for external wash, for both chances in the affair, and let	Jack	moldy	butter tubs. 1 find a good	affected	mid pregnant cows, mipple-
hnve a char field-a resolution	that	! many creameries storing their sup-	men tod	by use of lime or other die-
docs him credit under the ctrcumstan-	ply stock of	butter tubs mn mnmnn |infectant on floor and in gutters.	The
ces seeing that he 1ms three times	ply stock of	tubs in % littio room	Affected cows should ho washed	out
asked Avis to have him and on each adjoining tho work room of a ,|nj|V| n8 long as discharge persisted occasion sent the New York girl off	creamery, with no ventilation except	with 8 to 5	per cent solution	of sul
Into a spasm of laughing for which	a door lending into this room. Tho	,,ho napthol,	using 4) to 4 feet	of on©-
she has always apologized, though do- fctorogo rooms arc damp, musty and |mjf inrh rublwr hose and funnel ns dining to enter into any partnership veritable hotbeds for mold and its preferable to a pump, ai U is lews ir-• rrangement with a	cousin.	growth.	rltating. Homo stresw	was laid	on
They are making good time, and be- , This mold in its first singe is the enre of the bull, llo advised use fore the day ends stop at a station on commonly known as mildew, which i 0f FOmo wash as above, and also the border, where a customs official ! Is familiar to t lie commission trade, frequent syringing of the sheath, a#
pretense of searching*their	It will soon	appear on tho inside of	there is no doubt that tho bull	is a
luggage, receives his tip, glances at	© buitor tub	unless Checked by a dry	prolific disseminator of the disease,
their passports, and they are free to atmosphere, hot or Cold temperature enter Germany.	The practice of soaking the tubs
It is long after darkness sets In that r a ,onK time in n strong solut ion they cross the historic Uhl ne, and feel jof Si,lt brine has been recommended, they are In the heart of the German	being in itself a slight antisop-
cmplre. Now and then the gentlemen tlC nnfl 11 1 a'r preservative, no doubt step out at the stations to stretch ,l,s 80,110	on mold, but it i*»
their limbs and smoke. The night "ot powerful enough to retard
Once there seems a ^owth W any appreciat e extent
I Besides, long soaking of tubs is not
commendable, inasmuch ns it raises havoc with the cooperage not at nil accessary when paper lin-| ing is used.
1 have of Into experimented with
with
1 only soak the
llo
are
on
she Is jealous of Jack—she believes every word he has told her with regard to Mercedes, and- yet somehow Avis feels that the Spanish woman dees not mean to give up the game
Jack throws himself on the bed only partially disrobed, and In three minutes Is fast asleep—such Is the severe stiain that has been of late upon his rervoua syjtem that he looses about ci nslderably, but does not once awaken until the faithful little clock, placed close to his head, rings out Us silvery
vet
More time parses—she wishes the g eng would sound, ami Jack climb Int the carri&g will feel better satisfied— as though ho really belonged to her. As It Is, Avis Is In a continual r.ervous state lest something should occur to prevent his going with them—& number of things seem to flash Into her mind gram may be handed him requiring
ni. «*¦¦¦¦¦
Tills is due to the disastrous drought which has decimated the flocks and
MÜtPtÜHjmÊJÊÊÊÊ¦¦¦¦
which the
when framing its contracts for the ensuing year. At, present tho soldier's meat ration In the United Kingdom roitelets of homebred beef and frozen mutton, tho weekly supply being In tho proportion of about live of beef to two of mutton.
Australasia and tho Argentine a1*® tho principal sources for supplies of frozen mutton. The moot obtained from both countries' is of primo quality. especially that cpming from Now Zealand. Hitherto both countries have competed on a more or less equal footing us far a» army contracts are concerned, and tho War \ If several kinds of food nro placed ! office has obtained its mutton at a before cows they will select tho kind moderate price. In determining tu first that is most palatable, and exclude foreign supplies, the nuthor-when satisfied, will reject a largo itios wore actuated by no hostile proportion, which may bo wasted, spirit.
When the foods are prepared, and The object was merely to give "a made more palatable by tho addi- definite preference to tho Australa-tion of ground grain to hay,straw 9iun mutton.M But the thought In or fodder, there will be less waste. Australasia has upset tho Govern] hi ring tho winter tho object should meat calculations. There is a bo to have the animal consume the least desirable foods ns a matter of
and at the sumo time give
in connection
When this occurs she
summons.
At the first not) of alarm Jack sits Up, mbs his eyes, notes the time, for the gas, though turned low, has been kept burning, and then stretching, proceeds to dash sonic cold water In his
Australia, the effect of War Office overlooked
tele
face to chase the drowsiness away.
Upon raising tho « tain a little later he finds It Is broad daylight. The Uil attention on tome grave business
as matter, or perhaps thf crafty Pasha
may prefer a charge against him, and the police arrest the American just before the train moves out. These things iray seem foolish, but they arc one and all within the range of possibility, and 1 in her present frame of mind Avis van i Invest each with e.n air of truth, i So she holds her watch In her hand
sun has failed to show himself tîkuds hang low, threatening a deluge at any moment.
When Jack has dressed and completed his packing, his next move Is to arouse the otUrs.
A few words with Larry Is enough to let him know what the game is. and in turn he communicates it to the
ladies, who have the room adjoining , casts many,an anxious look
it. Evli ; J.'uk Is preoccupied with
Ms thoughts, for he purses the window a number of times without looking up to meet her eyes.
makes a
FOOD FOR COWS
upon
his, with a door between.
Meanwhile Doctor Jack goes below, and hires a vehicle to take them all to the station In good time for the nine-twenty train east.	j
Then he waits around until Larrv appears, of courte Inquisitive concerning the reason of this unexpected move, for when they separated on the preceding night there was nothing said about leaving Paris In the mom-
tho
Finally he does so, and smiles In return for the look she wafts him. 113
passes away long delay, and Jack fears lest this, the last method of reaching Vienna, may be closed to them, as there has been an ac?IJent ahead
draws near, and Avia lowers the sash 1 to i*eak.
,	" Is it not nearly time, doctor ?" she
This is
asks
In case it Is
DEARTH OF MEAT
Two minutes more. I thlr.k we
a landslide, that, may be hours and days being cleaved up, he soon makes up his mind what they will do.
In Europe money will accomplish wonders, even as in our own country, end in the morning they may find a conveyance of some sort that will take them beyond the obstruction, where they can find a train.
Should this fall, one more course re-
will start out on time, which is n good beginning. See how they toss the luggage into the van. We can't say much worse of our baggage-smashers at home. There comes the man In charge of the train—note the proud step—Jove, a little authority makes fools of some men. A conductor on our side of the big pond attempting such dignity would be unmercifully guyed, 1 tell you."
Avis herself has to laugh at the pompous Frenchman—she sees he is the Grand Mogul—guards cringe before him, and scowl behind his back. ¦ Jack has already bought up the follow with whom they will deal, and as the compartment has its allotted quartette, there is no danger of their privacy being intruded upon, which is the main cause for dissatisfaction with the
supplies in tho Australian home market, and local prices have advanced
ronsidmmbl^pHPH^HMHHHHpH
largo shipments of New Zealand mutton haw been sent to Australia within tho past few months shortage in Australian supplies, and tho demand wealth upon Zealand, have reacted upon the Australasian about an advance In prices.
Now tho War Office finds itself in
To persist In its in-
Inc
economy
them other foods therewith that will enable tho uni mais to $aln, ns it should not | satisfactory to have them simply to remain at the same weights.
boracic acid instead of salt very good success | tubs enough to set the hoops prepare a solution of boracic acid, : with which tubs are thoroughly rinsed, then thoroughly soak the parchment lining in the same solution. Wo also use it on top of cloth circle Instead of salt
mains—to pass down through the SL wJ|| p|.obnhlv not look right to Got hard tunnel Into Italy, reaching th()Se who fij, abuut half inch of salt Venice on the Adriatic, and there tak- on top ()f tho putter with tho idea ing a steamer for Constantinople. to gili|1 Weight instead of using it ns Thus Jack lays his plans and goes |ft protector for the butter. Although to sleep—he is awakened by a Jarring Gracie acid is not a strict mold demotion, and finds they arc on the move
< ui
Jack soon tells the story, and is complimented by the dude on his forethought—he dees net even smile while Larry speaks, although chuckling inwardly at the queer conceit.
Then the ladies appear, and Jack is dazzled by the bright smile of Avis Morton. How bewitching she looks — no wonder the Turk has been smitten by such a bright face and beautiful figure—Jack feels as though he himself would go through fire and flood in order to win her.
As the Turk comes Into mind
To moot this scarcity
I
be
Tho
made by tho Cominon-tho resources of New
YOUNG STOCK
This
Poultry-keepers arc gradually be-
the fact that
export trade, bringing
coining convinced of they must look for profits to young stock. The chances of profitg I greater the younger in life a fowl begins to lay. A chicken hatched at such u time that no eggs are | disced until the spring that It is
old tins already lost a sum
are
a ¦MÊmHÊSMÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊBÊÊÊÊÊfKKÊÊM
lention of feeding the British soldier on British colonial mutton to tho exclusion of tho foreign article, means that it will be asked to pay for its patriotism to the extent of about twenty l>er cent. Little wonder, then, that the clause stands an excellent chance of being fast aside. Whilst anxious to favor British colonial farmers, Pull Mall hesitates to do it at tho expense of tho British
True, the Au nlinn
rn i n
pro-
wonders how the plan succeeded, and what that worthy thinks by this time of his subterranean quarters—for Jack never drtaras that the plans of Monsieur the Sub-lieutenant could go astray, or that Abdallah Pasha can be anywhere than In the net.
They *0 In to breakfast, which can be gotten at almost any hour, tho tahV they dally marly an hour, f< w p songera thrust in with you, since time must elapse eve they can unless wise enough to tip the guard go to the .Station. Jack does not fall heavily.
to note how well Avis graces the end The rush now becomes a scramble, of the table, and handles the coffee as belated travellers seek to get their urn with such skill that he pictures to tickets, look after luggage, and find himself—poor fellow, it shows how accommodations. Many ludicrous badly he is caught at last—that same scenes are always occurring at a time graceful figure seated at the table in like this, and although it seems in a an establishment cwned by a certain measure heartless to laugh, those who Jack Evans, called a doctor by hia have a keen sense of the ridiculous friends because lie graduated as such cannot avoid smiling at the odd plct-and practised in the hospitals of Ger- ures presented.
it is more effective than only an hour or mo has j sn|tj i*dng a much better préservait ere l
st rover
again been lost
Morning finds them at Munich, and
ycnr*e* ¦¦	¦	—¦ l
which may be greater than tho eggs which will bo produced that summer. These pullets are starting their cala debt, for their owner has invested more in them in food and care than they will be likely to repay.
live and a fair deodorizer to put away any butter for cold If all goes well they should reach 8t0r«go purposes, I should prepare Vienna some time before the sun goes * every package, including lining ami down in the west. Breakfast is eaten cloth circles, bv floating in a bor-here. time being given the travellers. ncic ncid BOjution. not only for preAvis looks a little Jaded, but she seems von(ing mold but to add to tho to stand the rack of travel upon a keeping nunUtv by preserving that Continental railway wonderfully well. ; t of thc Gutter most exposed. Jack thinks, as he helps her back Into
the carriage
over the Inn river, and along its bank, until finally another official apure now on
rcer
European method of travelling first-class—you must either pay for thc en-Over dre compartment or have disagreeable
PING POTATOES
ci
drought has now brol and has fallen more or less plentifully in several states of the Commonwealth. But tho experts say that thc harm is already done, and that it will bo months before _the Australasian meat rate takes a downward tènd-in thc meantime the army
As thc meat
IX
A little air-slaked lime, dusted over the potatoes as they are put KEEP HOGS BUY AND CLEAN. jn bins, barrels, boxes, or in heaps
™ ¦»...raws rrA-ra t
list B SsvtS
realise what this business is like In thy, saying that it is impossible to tor -0 Dusneis. the States until we have a yellow ! have better ones
fever epidemic like the one at Jack- strongly in evidence these autumn son ville, Florida, in the summer of ! days with their rain and mud. Farmers allow the hogs to wadw about In Vienna at last, and all well. They |slush, not even providing a dry, are obliged to remain over nigh* In solid place for feeding and another the Austrian capital, as there Is no for sleeping. Thc animals being con-train until morning. True, they stantly covered with mud and taking might take one of the boats down the ! in filth with their food, become Danube, but this would b* slow work, ] rough and unthrifty. Is it any won-liideed

Again they are off
It is at Simbach, and they
the border of Austrian 1 better
and
cney
must have its mutton contracts arc terminable every six months, there is every possibility, as was ascertained recently, of the authorities eliminating, for the ensuing half-year ut all events, tho British-Colonial preferential clause. It may be
sons at Malta and Gibraltar obtain their meat (beef and mutton) chiefly from Australasia, while under present South African contract, which expires on March 31 next, a preference is given to Australasian meat, provided it can be obtained.
This is too often
To prove to you that Dr. Chase's Ointment is Bcortsin and absolute cure for each
Piles
As the critical moment draws near
the	sin n
a possible happiness In the future cr the excitement Increases—Its equal makes him smile, and she, noticing his , cannot l>e found on the globe, for in glance, turns rosy red, Just as though the main these people are excitable shi imagines he \« regarding guilty Frenchmen, and even the commonplaces of life are rendered with dra-
1888
and every form of Itch me ¦bleedingand protruding piles the manufacturer* have guaranteed it. See testimonials in the daily press and ask your neighbors what they think of It. You can use It and get your money book if not cured. 60c a box. at all dealers or Kdm anson, Bates âc Ox.Toronto,
Dr. Chase’s Ointment
mentioned that the gavri
secrets in her fact
At length break;.! t ends—it is after matlc fëtoour bv the Gaul.
The magnate sweeps hla el trie Jav k hc.« given ordeis— gexe up and down the station, glances 1y down, so that at his watch, gives one more look
tin
eight and the carriage awaits them at the door
di
dor then that they succumb to
“ Where shall we go?” asks Aunt | sense:	But there is little excuse for
Sophie, as they roll into the station, the unsanitary condition on most and see the omnibuses and cubs ! hog lots. Begin by tile draining the waiting in line just as In New York, lot, which should be on ns high and " There is only one hotel here te dry ft spot as possible
That Is called the En- | the water which falls upon it and re" declares Jack
the luggage is al
all ti : have to do is to pui on their around t* see that all 1 s arc upon outside \sir.ps and leave the 1 I 1 Avis has beccme grave—she
LONG-DISTANCE HEATING
him, holds his arm suspended in mid for ten	descrlb-
emiles now, for there is a weight upon ing a grand parabolic sweep, it dein leaving gay Paris f1k> nds, the cl g of a gong is hear
all aboard " in

Germans arc boasting that there is now hero in the world a building similar to tho one which was recently erected in Dresden. In this novel building there is an immense fur- j
mice, from which beat is supplied to	.	.,n	, .
several public buildings in Dresden, Turkish navy, which still exists < i
including the Royal Castle, tho Paper, does not possess a single war-Roval Opera Houser and the policp fWP. large or small, capable of ffo-headquarters. Tho heat is convoyed lnZ to svn; 1 xu> mâchant steam-to these buildings through pipes, and ^‘ips used in tho const Ing trade o
hired and fitted out with an arma-
These two improvised
NO TURKISH NAVY
Get off all
Under pressure from tho Powers, the Sultan recently gave orders for piracy in the Red Sea to be suppressed. It then transpired that tho
her mind
remembers the danger that lies ahead the guards cry —their mission must occupy all thought French, and there Is one last spas to the exclusion of everything inodic effort on the part of the delln
my mind, gllscher Hof " Ah ! you have been here, before," cries Avis, " we shall benefit by your knowledge."
And they do.
move all from the subsoil as soon ns
possible.
Build some kind of n hog house for the animals to sleep in. It need not
A low shod with tight
now
quents to gain some carriage.
Doctor Jack smiles—he has reason to
else
The ride to the station is almost a silent one—outside the rain patters feel satisfied, for not a trace of the down—then the sun breaks out, to be pasha has he seen, which in itself Is followed by another shower—It Is just ' evidence that the Turk has fallen Into
an	*r®
accustomed to here, and yet the winter
be expensive
Jack secures what information he J roof and earthen floor a foot or 18 desires to begin with, engages a car*	inches above the level of the lot will
riage, and in a short time they have	usually bo dry. If a dry floor can-
entered the city, and are in the plea- \ 110t be obtained, in this way fill in in some instances tho distance is so sant rooms of the hotel. Evening is | with tile or brickbats or course great that the furnace has been pop-near at hand, but after enjoying tho gravel. Those will puck down and ularly dubbed "the long-distance luxury of a little fresh water, thc : ^ake an excellent floor that will not heating apparatus." This plan party start out to view the crowds on become muddy. If material of this heating large buildings is said the Ringstrasse near by.	kind is not available it will pay to
On* can spend most of his time in doDr a part of the shed or house Vienna on the streets or in the cafes wjtb lumber.
—it Is amusing to study the characters The next thing of importance is n to he met upon the streets of the	c|(.an feeding place. Tho only way
great city, for Austria Is marte up of	t0 l)C surc 0f this is to build one of	„r„nnl	n»TltnonM«J
a dozen small nationalities, from Hun-	board*. Have it largo enough to	HutiuuLi	jiahikih	mz	•
garians and Germans to Poles and accommodate all your hogs. Build it Bathrooms in public schools arc a
Servians.	Indies or two foot oil the ground novelty that Boston will introduce any help except what could bo given
They might at any other tlrrib have nnd cf two-inch material. Clean in its new . buildings. The latest by a twenty-monthroid infant, milk-gone to the opera in the evening, for jt <)(ï before each feeding time. By structure of an educational nature in ©d seventy-nine cows twice daily. It Vienna is a second Paris, and her in- lboso simple and inexpensive means that city is to cost 8400,000, and |8 a fact, and can be vouched for.
habitants must always have nurner- _____tiling, building a shed and provid- will be fitted with toiict, dressing, that he delivered on an average of
ous amusements going on—each j a feeding floor—it is possible to and bath rooms for both sexes, and 2,000 pints of milk a day at tin straFse. especially if a boulevard, keep kogs in fair condition in the Ulevcn shower baths and foot baths factory, and not a penny was spent
^eems to be thronged all day long- ^ddiest localities.	1 ns well.	| in wages last ycJr.
rmislc sounds from every quarter, and
one soon gets an idea that the Viennese are a lively people, and the city one of the finest In Europe.
In the morning they leave Vienna, and once more their course Is southeast. A l#ng Journey still lies before them, and at the end of it Is the Turkish city, where they expect to find the prisoner of Abdallah Pasha.
Buda-Pesth is reached by noon, and to their surprise they find a magnificent city on both sides of the Danube, conected by a splendid bridge,
Buda being on one shore and Festh on the other.
During the afternoon they pass near the border of Servla, but night still finds them in Austria. Another examination of passes—this time it Is by the Turkish officials sure enough.
They make slow progress now, for a lightning express in Turkey would be such a novelty that the Sultan's people might expire from fright.
(To Be continued.)
the hands of the encmv
ships in miniature—neither of o} has a displacement of more than 200 to I tons—constitute in effect tho entire Turkish navy available for even the simplest kind of sea-going service.
war-
them
Te tosses away his cigar, and turns to enter the carriage, when a hand is laid on his arm
has hardly flown.
It is early yet—Doctor Jack has come long before the scheduled time for the <>f alarm as si si ,t tall Frenchman train to leave in order to ascertain the in citizen s garb thus prevent the truth about the Pasha, lie walks up American from enterlng-she believes and down the platform smoking-Avis her worst fears arc about to be reallz-remembers the scene in Madrid, where ed, and Doctor Jack will be diuggod he did exactly the same thing, and off tc jail on some trumped up charge hopes they will not have the same | -anything in order to separate him trouble en route that came to them in from the rest.
gi>ain	i To her satisfaction, however, while
Watching closely, Jack fails to dis- she clutches the ledge of the window, cover anything of the party for whom and holds her breath to catch what he looks—the Par ha has not turned up. is said, she hears in French :
Nearer comes the time for starting, " Doctor Jack Evans. I believe ?” and still thera are no signs of the
Avis gives a gasp
work admirably, and arrangements j arc now being made to establish similar furnaces in other largo cities of Germany.
A MILKING RECORD
Thc milking record for Now Zealand has hern put up by a Plains settler and bis wife, who, without
" Correct—you have—”
“ This," and thrusting a paper Into Jack's hand the tall Frenchman strides away.
.Thera is no time to lose, and Doctor Jack enters the carriage—the train
Turk.
No wonder Avis' eyes follow him as he walks up and down the platform.
There is nothing of false pride in his manner, no strut such as a vain man might show, but for all he has a firm, moves out of station, and presently
' they are sweeping through the outskirts of the great French capital. Although suspecting what the mes-
The Dread of an Operation
manly carriage, that Indicates self reliance and independence.
She is proud of him, and exceedingly ¦¦ ¦ ¦ _| ¦¦ I I I ¦ giad to remember that he is her friend sage is—Jack glances at it eagerly-—that he has devoted himself to her the writing is French, but he reads it She has such confidence in Doc- like a nativ?
Stares Many File Sufferers In the Face—The Safest and Surest Cure Is
Dr. Chase’s Ointment.
No name signed—he
Possibly you are a sufferer from piles, and have been disheartened and discouraged because your physician has told you that nothing short of an operation will cure you.
You dread the tlvpught of a surgical operation, for, besides tho expense and strain on tho- nervous system, there is thc risk to life itself. It is only a few months since a member of the Ontario legislature lost his life a» the result of an operation for piles. The risk of an operation is too great, and besides it is un-
cause
tor Jack that It seems impossible any enterprise can fall which he backs with his indomitable will power
who conquered the black toro
needs none :
" The pasha will not leave Paris today— he has changed his mind, and is paying a visit to underground Paris, which charms him so much he may desire to spend several days in exploring the mysteries described by Victor Hugo. Bend your address—may warn you of his fluting.”
#
The

mans— and defeated the plots of the scheming Carliste, must surely be a master In the game now before them, and will discover some means whereby Aleck be rescued from his awful posl-
necesFary
Dr. Chase's Ointment lias frequently cured piles after surgical operations have failed. It is every day curing cases which physicians have stated to be incurable by any treatment short of an operation.
If you could read a few of the letters we receive from persons who have been cured of piles by using Dr Chase’s Ointment you would soon be convinced of its wonderful control over this frightfully common disease.
Rev. S. A. Duprau, Methodist minister, Conseron, Prince Edward County, Ont., states .—"I was troubled with itching and bleeding piles for years, and they ultimately attained to a very violent form

1
ï
may
Then she remembers how she saw	CHAPTER XIX.
the disguised Mercedes approach him. There are no secrets between the deWill she still follow, cr Is the game vote4 Quartette now—even Madame to be dropped at Ports T Unconscious- 8ophje ** interested In effecting the rely she, too, begins to glance beyond, leage of Aleck Morton, her favourite and survey the people who pass In re- nephew, so Doctor Jack shows them view, but she Is not looking for the tbe note, and they laugh over the love-seme party as Jack—he seeks the red ly gitugt|on the Turk finds himself In fez and bronzed ft ce of the Turk,	earjy spring morning. How he
while Avia is endeavouring to discover, mugt fume and fret at the detention under some disguise, the most dazzl- jugt at this llme wben time la of so Ing black e/aa she ever met. Not that


lumps of abscesses formed, so that it was with great difficulty and considerable raft) U> stool. At* this severe crisis I purchased n box of Dr. Chase's Ointment, but T had little or no I had tried various remedies before and to no purpose
"ÿow, imagine how great, and Joyous was my surprise to find that just tho ono box cured me, so that the lumps disupiOAiod and also thc cxto:hat swelling. I feel like a different man to-day, and have not tho least doubt that Dr. Chase’» Ointment saved mo from a very dangerous and painful operation, and many year» of suffci I ' la with the greatest pie »'re and with a thankful heart that I gi\o this testimonial, knowing t	1 hnse’a Ointment has
you see fit for thc benefit of otluia similarly afflicted.”	; ' 'J&rï	I H-
Dr. Chafe's Ointment, CO u box. At all dealers, or Edmanocn, D<.tes & Co., Toronto.
hlKIn S

as


In Prussia and Saxony all railway return-tickete are valid for 45 days.
The moosc-deer has tho largest horns of any animal. They often weigh from 50 to GO pounds.


much for me. You arc at perfect liberty to uuo this testimonial









_
	
###PAGE###7###


I
sturdily told hi* employer that he mad, disappointed and tired, the oth-liad been accepted by Ida* and they or cheerful and full of interest in the were going to marry with or with- great show called Life out parental consent.	Before we started the old man told
Mr. Norton summoned his dough- me a story—a story that I had ter and alio corroborated the state- heard in Seattle, which is part of ment of her pleblaif lover.	the forgotten history of the West
Then Mr. Norton told them that that was, but is no more, and this the girl had not a penny in her own is the story I set out to tell.	_______________________
sir** aïsï r«h c |	,, i
To whirl. Modem replied that tlmt heroic women who blazed tho trails I	DOMESTIC DECIDES.	wh en all travelers in France diecov-
.................. "" I«ssrr„:;? ^	—isM... «.
M, P™:h MMMSMêËM
ticular j>art of the macliino that has $	—	.	^	# All the people in the enmo came bottom of a buttered tin with eight pound». Wash thoroughly and
- sl-s-wS fGood Fellows BzzafAKT Z s	m.srss-* *55
can’t you feel the	Few mon have the strength and skill	wrre'botli trood follows	and KO on till the dish is full, resrrv-	allspice,	a	teaspoonful of cinnamon
thrill	of	seeing things done by real	combined to do it. We pay him as	****************v#TVV	Finallv the man gave	in	called on	in* enough crumbs for a. crust,	and a half	teaspoonful
people?”	she replied. -Just look at	well as though he were a foreman.	Deside the crystal Klondike.	on	the woman and proposed’marriage.	?hl™ln theggravy from the bones. | ginger
great	mCle.'stanS ouTls ho° lUts	I hav^ ordered That t 2e handsome-	Wkgt, °the WwnTfZwZ	"o/^'nex"’ °*	Hour.' wet with milk, and turn near-	the ham
the hammer. And seo how-skilfully V rewarded for his heroism to-day.” the various cam os and the countrv That night In the hotel tho man ly 11,1 ot il ovcr 0,0 BC0,loP- Wet tho roasting pan, fill up with cider, cook
S3—SSH-~ “HE
‘ Well, I'm blessed K I can see It '	'•Who?" asked Mr. Norton, look- supplies.	.	That night the woman sat at her romovo the rover and brown. Serve it Is wanted for the table return to
*.u,dI)lC%	T,,,.,s,,,ce,or,u.rhors«p.^k^^^ ^
ln® ft? ‘hough the follow might as	a much nicer way to show appro-	rapid	with a I'eterboro, waved his	Imid heard the low wind come
well be in prison as bo compelled to	! Çiation of his heroism than merely	hand	and my companion waved	ting and crying up the canon.	. _
spend hi. time doing that kind of to give hint money	back. The man In the boat held up moan of the wind saddened her and nanls after pie-mnklng
work. Of course, I suppose they aro Mr Norton smiled.	He	was	not	a	brown bug filled with dust—Ills	I the sight of tho black	cloud caused	thln.	*trcw	with	grated cheese, sea-	gravy can be made by	boiling down
«Red to this sort of labor—and some- wholly undemocratic	in	his	in-	harvest of the yellow corn of the	her to weep.	son with a	littie	salt and cayenne,	tho cider in	which the	ham was first
body has to do ib-but I can't say I stincts.	Klondike.	The kind woman with whom she roll up tight, and roll out again, roasted,
fare to see them at lt-anyway, 0n a	‘‘Dut your mother." lie said	Tho	old miner pulled his white	lived heard lier sob through tho	can-	-Sprinkle	with more	cheese,	roll
line day with fresh air and a lively	“lie hud an answer, and the result	beard	to one side and spat far out	vas wall, and went In to see her.	The	nKain-	w‘t	in	tho	coldest	place you
spin awaiting me."	that Joe. Modern found him- into tho stream, staining tho river woman hid her brown head on the know to get crisp, then roll out	,	„
Just the shallow of impatience *«» with palpitating heart	going	up	as	ho Imd stained the lower fringe	'•nee of her friend, and	toid her that	°Kaln	nnd	cut	Into fancy shape;	™ a P"“	hai’ fu"	s0,t
crossed the girl's face at this speech. |thc steps of the Norton	mansion	one	of	his mustache, and remarked that	she was to be married	on the mor-	Prick	with a fork	and balm in a hot	[“-‘ii waier
but she laughed merrily and con- evening.	Dawson would never be taken by a row. and the good woman kissed her <>ven. llrusl. with beaten egg while ‘-poonful of soap-powder in it und stir
tinned her way through tho shop.	Ho was neatly dressed nnd bore miner for a mining ramp * nnd cheered her and told her that stil* hot. strew with a little finely ”¦ UP	then immerse your straw
It was Ida's first visit to the great himself with a demeanor that charm- It was all very well, ho said, to alio must not weep on the eve of lier K™tcd cheese, set in the oven just In the suds, moving it up and works of which her father was tho cd the girl as much as the exhibition talk of law and order and it looked wedding day.	j long enough to glaze. Serve hot or	until every fiber is wet; then
owner. She had been reared In the of strength.	well ig the outside papers, but If a Then the bride-to-be wiped her cold.	i	«”1 IT*	^	,,
exclusive atmosphere 6t wealth, and Mrs. Norton absented herself from Forty-niner or a Fifty-niner came to eyes and tried to be glad, but when Banana Cclatinc.-Soak a package	JS?.™ u t'*\n,uehly l,n*
her vision had not reached much be- dinner with cold disapproval.	the Klondike, as he had come. to she was alone she looked out on the of gelatine in one pint cold water 1 al1 ™‘“rcremoved usm a,
yond lier father's palatial mansion, After dinner Miss Norton took her | breathe once more the free, whole- black cloud and heard the wind sob, for half an hour. Then add one pint	J'“'e,. _ ,J*	Lc,t.
tho theatres, the other palatial man- strange guest to tho library, and ;omo atmosphere of Early Days nnd moaned. When her friend peep- hot water and let stand till all the	'h'	, nJl h a thm
sions in "our	set,"	and	tho	dentin-	was astonished ot the wide know!-	that man would go back	to the camp	cd in again tho woman, with	her	gelatine is dissolved. When	half	„	eTn:1 lron	tho	"°,w“	°Ver
cntal tour.	edgo lie displayed of books and the	of his boyhood, with	its electric	glorious hair let loose over	her	cold, stir in the juice of two	or- a	°.r.	”r	any	"rt‘^Ic	tl!a“
Of course, she knew about the strong opinions he held on economic lights, trolley cars and painted white gown, was kneeling beside hcr anges and sugar to suit the taste.	n'	V’°n .,lryi
great mills, but heretofore to her topics.	, houses, deeply disappointed.	narrow bed.	Peel and mash eight large bananas	„ “V 1 g< i	i Z
they had been simply acres of lie told her of their workingmen s	"I have	made money in every min-	That night the sleeping camp was	and	when the gelatine is almost cold	l,‘°	”™nhK ..I®.,0, m.ak?..ie
gloomy, smoking prisons, from which club and the	discussions they had.	ing camp	that I have seen," said	startled by the cry of lire. The wind,	stir	in the banana pulp and whip	swn'	ancr	wnich 11 WU1 look ]lkd
there was wrested	the	money	that	"You should attend one of our open ,	he, 1 have traveled	abroad for	that had come crying out of	the	all together with an egg beater,
bought all the,	good	tilings.	meetings; it would interest you," he ^pleasure, prospected and	found gold,	west hours ago, had begun to howl.	When the mixture becomes light	stop
On this pleasant day in the early said.	In South Africa and Siberia,	wher-	Wind and fire	scorn	always	to go to-	beating,	pour into a glass dish and
autumn, wearied with tho conven- “I will,” she replied, nnd she	did,	ever I struck a stake or drove	a drill	gethcr.	set on	ice. Serve with whipped	-
tional round of pleasures and pas- and was still more astounded	to	I found tho pay-streak.	The wooden	camp	burned	like ricks	cream.	This dish should be made	Immense Number of Gallons Centimes with which she was surfeited, hear him in debate where he stood "It's tho simplest thing in the of dry straw. Hundreds of people the day before using.	suxned Daily,
and somewhat aroused by a npvcl like n Bon to fight for his opinions, world to follow this girdle of gold escaped in the clothes they were Jellied Prunes.-Stew one pound	,
she had been reading, which dealt using always	tho most forceful Ian-	that belts	the earth. We know it	sleeping in. When the fire died down	best	sweet prunes till quite tender.	* ,,nc sav®	those directly interested j
with the world of workers, she had gunge and	displaying the widest	best where	it crosses our own coun-	and tho roll was called only two	Sweeten with granulated sugar	111	f	trftdc	havc the remotest idea
determined to	sec the	inside of those	reading and information.	try, so wide that it covers the whole	People	were missing,	but they	were	while cooking and add n little lemon	ot ,h0	Vast quantity ot milk
great smoky	eh ops	and find just	She invited him to call and lie	did	West, from Colorado to tho Coast,	j deeply	mourned, for	they were good, juice of vinegar. Alien cool, re-	*s'mit?(	ln th^ British Metropolis	inj
what was going on there nnd the once or twice. As lie was about to "Thon it sweeps up through Bri- fellows.	! move the stones, drain oft the juice tlLC colli's<ï of a >car, said the man a- t
manner of men who lived among take his departure on tho second tisli Columbia. spreads out over A man said that a stranger hurry- and rub the prunes through a sieve.	of 8 wen-known firm to the
them.	occasion lie said:	Alaska, and the Hudson Bay coun- ing along tho street had stopped and While this is being done, have half UIllor recently. Within Hie last ten !
Her father	had laughed at her	“I think this is the Inst time. Miss	try and follows the Yukon down to	helped	him carry his	wife and	child-	cup gelatine soaking and when dis-	•V(?8[’î* .	1 'e annual consumption	of
whim, and as	he had	not time that	Norton, that I will sec you, und	I	the Behring Sea. Cross this cold	ren from their burning home.	When	solved, mix with the prune Juice.	1111 1	;'<mi (>n ai0,;0 ,ias increased
day to go with her, Philip	Ham-	want to tell you how thoroughly t	pond and you pick	up the pay streak	they	were safe,	tho stranger,	think-	Heat	to the boiling point, add more	r,>’	>00,000 gallons, and now
inond acted as her escort.	Philip	appreciate your kindness nnd	how	again	and follow	it across Siberia,	Big perhaps there were other	people	sugar	if needed, and mix prune pulp	sla8(ls at approximately 1 GO,000
was her constant champion — her much I have enjoyed the evenings 1 and so around the earth.	' in the building, ran back. The ceil-, and juice together. Let stand till gal ons i\ < 1 -,\y.
destined husband — the son of Mr. have spent here ”	1 And all along the trail you find mg fell and he perished in the nearly cold and beat into it one pint ;n 1 1 bo I<on,<, °n wa^ responsible
Norton's life-long friend,	& success-	“The	last time! she	repeated, the	the prospector—on the sands of	Af-	flames.	whipped cream, which has been flav-	°/ ' s onn 111,14 s,,PP|y. hut the
ful banker.	blood rushing to her face. "What rica, oil the snows of Siberia— Five blocks away they found the ored and sweetened. Turn into a % cat,le Pla8,,c 8f ll,at >car
It was but a moment after tho do you mean? You are not going hunting, hoping, living in a dream charred form of a onccrtbcautiful mold and set on ice. Serve with ,iM( 0 necessary loi Metropolitan
ronvarsation recorded between Miss away?"	|hat ean never be realized, because, woman. They made two graves, plain cream.	r Ü , .S /°	V° out,^ ing
Norton and Mr. Hammond that	an	No,	but it is better	that I	should	if he find a fortune, lie will have ex-	side by	side,	nnd	all	the	people	went	Royal Doughnuts.—One pint sweet	011,1 ,os ol their milk, thus opening
accident occurred.	not see you. Wo belong to different, hausted the anticipation to such an to pay their last respects to the vie- milk, half pint lard melted in the ub a Inal..,‘t tor dairy fanners with-
A man directly ahead of tho visit-	worlds. They do not mix. The	very	extent	that the realization will Qnly	tims	of the fire.	Above these	graves	milk,	half pint potato yeast (or its	,n \	11,1 , s of London, which has
urs carrying a heavy load	on his ;	keenness of the pleasure I feel in	com-	sadden	him.	they	raised a	great marble	inonu-	equivalent in other yeast), three	>' °n	'• •iMug hv Ieap9 and bounds,
ehoulders, yiado a misstep, fell ing here warns mo that 1 had better j "There will bo a momentary thrill, ment and upon the face they chisel- even cups white coffee sugar, three piesent more than JO,000 hands against a great leather belt, and was j not."	nnd thru will come the realization led:	i eggs, one teaspoon soda dissolved in m pei inancnt employment in pro-
carriad off his feet and was carried "There is only one world for kind- that his dream is over. Having be-	half cup hot water, one teaspoon	Wlljr mi.k, while over
upward with the belt. As he realiz- red spirits,” she said impulsively. come suddenly rich and discontented, ........... ground cinnamon and half a grated > mil men go then- rour.i.s raorn-
cd his danger he gave a fearful j "Do you mean that? Do you he strives for pleasure in the things .	. nutmeg. Mix in the manner as for	1111(1 cxenmg (.Hivrnng it. in
shriek and hi® eyes met	those	of	know what you aro saying?”	ho de-	that money buys.	.	. MR AND	MRS.	GEO.	BLANK,	. |cakc, and then add enough sifted	Pmt8- quarts, or gallons, as the
Mise Norton. The mortal terror of manded, coming close to her.	"He will travel round tho world, .	. I flour to make a dough timt is stiff ca;^ ma? ,	.	. ,	.
them burnt into her very soul and She stood with downcast eyes, ns I have done, panning the streams .	Both Good Fellows.	. enough to be worked without stick- 10 1111 or . n'°? s °r ,	13
she shrieked:	Then,	straightening	his	broad	and searching tho faces of all	the	.	.	ing to the board. Prepare in the	milked the evening beiore and churn-
"Philip, Philip, save him! Oh, ! shoulders and throwing back his frowning cliffs. When he hears of a ......................... . evening and let stand in a warm 1 ''a(Jy 10f the night mail
save him!"	j head, he said:	"Miss Norton, I am new field lie will join the mad rush	f_____ place over night. In the morning, £ 118 to £,nlxc lls destination at
j? :z 'üà'.r'ïï	rAr-nay*!	%%%% &	»*¦* * brLïïvr sra f,«s ts
that he must be crushed.	have discovered that I love you and hood days.	The vanity of the French race oc- | th<> bowl, rub well with lard or but- ma.ioni v of de.der^Jiajr^een
Philip saw the fearful danger, but 1 know it would be presumptuous to "Ah," he mused, stroking his cnsionally moots with an amusing ter and return the dough. When. it ;P,IC« oy 4 a m
proiKiwc for your hand. I do not	snow-white whiskers, "if	it were	as check. It is related by a Parisian is light again,	warm and flour the	morning	milkings come in. and a
quite understand what you mean by	easy to find happiness as	it is to	find • journal that a public man had been : board, turn	the dough out on it,	gradual stream of	churns is poured
your last remark. If you mean that	gold, I should be always	happy.	j awarded, for some indirect service, I flatten lightly	until it is one inch	,n/° . . ,	.on up f 1 1	.n g, ° clock. a I
vou consider that we arc on a so-	"For there is the other	prospector, i the African order Labaksi-Tupo by hn thickness,	cut in small squares	ol whl(‘l1	l,n'e to	be duly emptied,
cial	equality.	I	want to	say	that I	the one who fails,	forgets his name,	the King of a certain country in the and fry jn deep fat. The fat should cleansed, and sent back by the lato
of	the	entire	sliop	love	you with	a	love as	deep	and as	wanders out into	the dunes or the	Soudan, with which the ITeuch	had ^ hot enough to send up a thin ralns- 1o Pr8Ve U,IS ls no h8ht
attracted	bv	the	shrieks,	honest as man ever had	for	a wo-	drifts, dies and is	forgotten.”	come much in contact.	blue smoke from the center before ;ask *tinIIlay , r^a‘U , nt a large
man. I can offer you nothing but More ojf this talk there was, from ! The Frenchman was greatly de- doughnuts or fritters are put into ,irm " ,n haXc	churns in use
that which my arms may earn, and	which I gathered	that this hoary	lighted,	and	immediately went to a j jt. if	ft is not hot whatever	is put	divided into three	Portion®. Each
that is not what you have been ac-	prospector was	wifeless, childless,	member	of	the Ministry to obtain into it	will be unfit to eat.	! mrn therefore reaches them once
customcd to. Still, if it should so rich und unhappy, and there was a the accessory permission for him to j	_ ,n 1 ,ir<x‘	co^t8 e'°' anfl hu9
happen that your exceeding kindness helpful lesson in his life. *	( wear the decoration of this foreign	r»nrm pakfm	nn aVel age ..,,c frmn uvo to four
to me means that you love me. all There wo sat. side by side like a order.	G00D CAkES*	***** according to the length of the
that i., nothing.”	stack of red and a stack of white "Do you know what the decoration ' Pound Cake —Take one pound , J°81'nc‘Y-
He stood looking at her as in a	chips on a green cloth, just the same	consists	of?"	asked the Minister. ! sugar,	one pound butter, one	pound!	180 Metropolis is	not entirely <l@*
dream. She swayed, and fell into	height—six feet of	earth would do	"Certainly,” the gentleman an- ! eggs,	one pound flour, two	pounds	pendent upon t lie	country for it®
either of us—both	independent; one	swered. "It is a beautiful ring	of seedless raisins, two pounds cur- 101 H» however. There are about
independently rich,	so that he • could	gold, from which is suspended a	cal- ! rants, one pound chopped citron, two lo.OOO cows in Londonn hich pro-
pay his debts, the other independent- umet enamelled in red. I demand teaspoons each nutmeg, cassia, f*uce bv tween them < ,l»oo gallons ol ly poor, so that the sheriff, if ho the authorization to wear it."	i cloves, mace, grated lemon peel, 81,lk a (i<iy, but the capacities of the»
came, could find nothing. Æ	"Certainly you can wear it, but it one cup lemon juice, two heaping dairy farmer m or near tlie nty are
Yet, in spite of that fact, one was must be worn, in order to be	law-	teaspoons	baking	powder. Break	somewhat curtailed. Furthermore,
ful, exactly as the members of	the j	eggs into	sugar, beat two minutes,	the authorities are very strict as to
order in Africa wear it."	add liquid and half the flour with cleanliness, and will only grant li-
"And how is that?"	baking powder. Beat one minute, censes for cowsheds which are per-
"In the nose."	then spice nnd butter. Beat five fectly drained, roomy, anj well ven-
The newly appointed cavalier	of	minutes.	Add fruit,	and bake hours	li,ated ,
the Labaksi-Tapo ran out at	the	jn deep covered dish.	19 comforting to know Hint tho
door, and is declared by tho journal | Ginger Cake —One cup molasses, 11,1 lk 8,,PP1y of London is 1 no best in which tells the story to be "run- 2-3 cup sour milk, one tablespoon t8c wor,(l 89 regards cleanliness. It ning yet."	i shortening, one teaspoon soda dis-,has nearly 300 public inspectors to
solved in water, half teaspoon each analyze it. while all the large firm® of ginger, cinnamon and cloves. Stir employ private inspectors to sec that .	„	, t ^ ,	in flour to make it about the same the supplies are delivered by - - ~
A merciless school of poisoners ronsjsten(v as for other cake	Put	milkmen untampered	with, tuicn
once flourished in Venice. During m a ‘ xre tjn sprinkle with	sugar	churn	after being used	is cleaned by
the fifteenth century even the gov- and buke4 in a moderately hot	ovefl.	8team	bving driven into it with the
crûment of the state used poison Angel Cocoanut Cakc.-Bcnt	to a	force	of	Pounds	to the sejuare
without any disguise as a weapon. creiUn one cup butter and two cups	inCh.	which cloanees	the receptacle
A body called Tho Council of Ten ' powdered sugar, add three cups sift-was appointto determine who ^ flour half cup SWCet milk and the should be despatched und they dealt whitC9 of eight eggs, beaten to a with tho lives of princes, kings and fitifr froth. Reut for 15 minutes, popes ns one would deal with super- 'jphen add two teaspoons baking fiuous tree in a wood. A curious	an(j one 0f almond flavoring,
document is stil! extant in winch the	fn j0i|y cake pans nnd spread
proceedings of this council are re- with grttted cocoanut, putting a corded. It shows that one John of vcry thick javer Gn top
Rngubii Prepared a selection of poi- Cream Cake -Three eggs, one cu* Wallsend coals got their name from
sons and a • 8,0 of	1 , .Ve sugar, two tablespoons butter, three the collieries producing them beina
vnriv?1	w,1 ]\ t,,c :mpoi imnce of the tablespoons sweet milk, three even situated near the cast end of
victim and tie length of tho jour- teaspoons baking powder, 1* cups	wall	built	by the	Romans to keep
nov to be made mi 19 despatch, flour. Beat the yolks of the eggs	back	the	Piet® and	Scot®.
1 or poisoning the Duke of Milan he with sugar and butter to a cream charged 60 ducats for the Pope 100 Add the milk, then sift in the bak-ducat®, fo[ the King of Spain 150 infr powder ducats, for Lb® "Great Sultan" ducats.
layer® in a quick oven
ling cup with
being eaten, and spread when cakes aro cold.
************
Cream Film
One cup powdered sugar, on®
*wectgggggg*gg^*gljjp|
an eggbeater; keep cool while
LOVE THE LEVELLER
About the
House
Beat together
cream
the
ROMANCE OF A MACHINE SHOP.
HINTS TO HOUSEKEEPERS.
She threaded her way daintily through the great shop with lie bewildering whirr of machinery and its roaring llrew-ita flying spark® and dirt and dust and smoko.
Now and again she stopped to
great brown tears.
eyes swimming with
"Oh, sir, I want to say you aro the bravest and strongest and quickest man I ever saw. I cannot thank
_ , .	..	--	you too much. I was afraid ho
watch some great machine perform would be crushed to death " its almost human work. Tho men, .Ml ¦	I *
with their splendid muscles and per- hair
feet skill Interested her Immensely. "It was nothing, mise," he said. But her companion wae distinctly "Any of the men would have done bored. The grime and sweat and 14 "	¦	|
dirt olTeadud his aristocratic senses and the noise Jarred upon his ears.
"What you can find interesting in this pandemonium ngine," he expostulated. "It ia bad enough for those who have to bo hero ftnd do the work, but to liberatoly seek it when the sun shining outside, tho roads arc hard and a motor car ia waiting, i® yond me."
Oh, Philip,
lie flushed to
it
Aa
11
Tliat evening Ida. went over scene with her father. 1	*
about it, and told her that the cuer was Joseph Modem.
‘‘One of the best men wo have," ho said
do- und an inventor
the
serve
The tannic acid of
He knew all
life
res-
I cannot im-
A thorough mechanic |JI	m H • Wc keep him at
is the forgo because there is a
4 I
| ¦	of ground
Make flour and water into with a little browned | a paste as thick as dough and com
Put skin side down in a
flesh side down. Biscuit—Make a rule of	sprinkle generously with chop-
would Dominion, who had just shot be a much nicer way to show appro- rapid with a Peter boro, waved
Cheese

j I o pood rich pastry, or take the rem- P^d parsley and bread crumbs
¦	Roll out let it heat through in the oven
A
up
TO CLEAN STRAW HATS
warm
nnd dissolve a tablo-
upon
new
LONDON’S MILK SUPPLY
con-
It be-
an pAt midday tho
stood ns one paralyzed.
lie could have reached the man from where he was, but stood trembling with white face and horror-eyes.
Tho attention had been
und a score of men were running toward the scene.
"Pull that lever, you there with, the white cap! The black one!
Quick! Throw off the belt!" came in clear, commanding tones from behind. But Hammond did not stir.
He threw up one hand to shut out tho sight of the man being crushed.
In the meantime past the two visi- his arms III	„ I I I
tors sprang tho man who had shout- "That's what it docs mean, she
"You are the only leal
whisi>ered man I ever saw."
There was a dreadful scene when Madcrn spoke to Mr. Norton, but he
ed
It was tho blacksmith from the forge. '
The man on the belt was right in the clutch of the wheel.
It seemed to Ida that she must surely faint. t
At that instant the blacksmith made a lunge at the revolving wheel, caught two of the iron spokes and braced his stalwart legs.
seemed thrown
—but no, the wheel stdpped with a
&
though ho would be the machine beyond
(l
SCHOOL OF POISONERS
Jerk
V
their
Each
of the blacksmith’s

The muscles arms and chest stood out like whipcords.
untampered with
Ï
I
Quick boys, quick!” he cried; "I can’t stand this long.”
He had no need to urge. Already two workmen had hoisted a third to their shoulders, and he pulled the victim from the wheel, with one t im badW crushed, fcyt aU Then tnc blacksmith led lined and the machinery started to whirr and buzz. The men crowded about him, uttering congratulations.
"Well, I’m blest, Joe. You saved Mike from bein’ made into mincemeat that time. I didn’t think it could bo done. By Jove, Joe, I’d like to have your muscle.”-These and similar compliments were fired at him as he turned with a bread grin to the forge.
Directly In his way stood a beautiful girl with blanched face, her
11
\
»
more thoroughly than anything else could do.

4 '


%
The reindeer can endure more than any other draught animal except the
to pull 200 pounds at ten miles hour for twelve hours on end.
VC


go the
A reindeer has been known
an
u
NO CHANCE FOR HIM.
"Madam," explained Hungry Higgins, "I am an after-dinner speaker " "Then," said Mrs. Suappcm, before slamming tho door, "you will do no talking here."	|	1
Denmark has tho largest army in-_ .	Add the proportion to her size. She has 18%
500 whites of the eggs, well beaten, tho soldiers to every 10.000 of Her pep. last thing Mere the flour. Bake in ulaUon.
nnd flour
t
i




i ;
• *
Û
v

###PAGE###8###


w
OUR
MOTTO IS

E. HODCINS & SON’S ADVT.
Take a look at it ! Almost every man, young and old, has bought Suits repeatedly from us. What there is in our line for them is also in it for you. We are the only tailoring establishment in town.
Up to date we have succeeded in smashing all previous records in Shoe selling, out still we are not satisfied.
$
Best Possible Values For your Money.
<$>
<§>
FURS
<§>
Here’s another one of these good tilings that always seems to find their way to this store—
<D
Every season our sales show a substantial increase. In 1901 we did 76 per cent, more than any previous year, and so far, our increase for 1902 is breaking all previous records.
---OIL TAN MOCCASINS------
Warranted (ill hand-made. Will not rip, freeze or soil your socks.
Ladies' Astrachan Jackets.
Astrachan Capes. Coon Jackets. Caperines.
Caps.
Coon Coats. Wallaby Coats. Caps.
11
BRING YOUR HANDS TO US.
We have one of the finest assortment of Gloves and Mitts ever shown in Shaw ville—all bought direct from the manufactures.
( i
Y ours truly,
il
A. R. McGUIRE,
The Tailor.
il
The Boot & Shoe Store
M. STEWART, - Shawville.
Mens*
9
a
a
ASK FOR
INTERESTING LINES.
9
i
MDU
PSA
Alluring Prices for Nov.
Introductory Clothing* I feel sure that in style, quality and price, they
_	_	__	,	,	will compare favorably with any in the trade.
Sale for Everybody.
ÉF
We invite special attention to our FURS, and
(LONDON)
INDIA PALE ALE
Sold all over Canada at Grocers, Clubs and Hotels. Those who are accustomed to using imported English Ales will find it the best to
_	he had.	_______
For Agency, address 3 St. Peter Street, QUEBEC.

We can fit the little Toddler of 2 years in 3 pieces, 2 pieces or Blouse Suit, and his dear old Grandpa at 7». No matter what the taste or desire you can be satisfactorily outfitted here at a great saving.

Renfrew Poultry Fair
Goat Robes, Oil Tan Moccasins, Winter Mitts now in stock at

On MARKET SQUARE, Renfrew,
Mens’Suits, Reefing Jackets, Raglan Overcoats, (and Frieze Coats at only #4 00 and #5.00) Boys’ Overcoats with Hood—very tasty for the small boy, Boys’ Reefing Jackets, size from 22 to 32, Boys’ 3-piece Suits, in long or short Pants.
If our prices are not a revelation to you we will be surprised.
Come in and see us anyway, whether you buy or not.
Tuesday, Dec. 2nd, 1902
E. HOGGINS & SON.
2nd prize, by W. O'Connor 3rd prize, by II. Moss. ...
4 00
The priza winning poultry and other prize-winning article® to become the property of the donor except where specially noted.
\
3.60
CLASS XIII.
Rest Dressed Pair Spring Chickens, this year's, plucked and drawn
1st prize, by Stewart Bros 2nd prize, by Stewart Broe 3rd pri:|.\ by Stewart Bros 4th prize, by Stewart Bros
clash xiv.
(LASS I.
Best three gobblers, plucked and drawn this y va: S.
First prize. Mack ay Bros 2nd prize, by	**
3rd prize, by	“
4th prize, by ' *
$2.00
Deer and Moose.
1.75
A Pointer
>:
1.50
$7.00
i
1.25
0.00
All well disposed persons are expected, and it is their duty, to assist the Game Warden in protecting the deer and inoone during close season.
Many a*e humanely doinp so now, but more could and should do it out of kindness to those harm)cs* and beautiful animais. All that to necessary is to drop a line Mying when and w here the deer or moose were hunted, molested or killed, and by whom, and if by more than one person, give the names of all.
It is itetter hut not necessary, that you should give your name, unless you wish to l>e paid for your trouble.
All correspondence strictly private and confidential. Address,
N. McCUAIG,
Provincial Game Warden
P. S.—Article 14011a of the Game Lawn, important to whom it may concern, read* as follows :
“ No person owning, having or harboring any dog accustomed to hunt and pursue deer shall allow such dog to run at large, hunt or course In any place inhab-I ited by deer, between the first day of November of one year and the twentieth of October of the following year, under penalty of a fine of at least $5.00 and not exceeding $25.00.
Any one may, without incurring any responsibility, kill any such dog found running at large, hunting or coursing in such locality between the above mentioned dates.—1 Ed.
Mens’ Mitts and Gloves, lined or unlined.
P. S.
5.00
4.50
1
Best 20 lbs. Butter, wrapped in pareil* ment paper, pound pi into
Bros
< LASS II.
Best 3 lien Turkeys, plucked and drawn this year 8.
1st prize, by J. Clark.......
2nd prize, by G. W. McDonald 3rd prize, by II. Coolican...
CLASS in.
Best 3 lien Turkeys, plucked and diasn \ this year's.
1st prize, by A. A. Wright, M.P
2nd prize, by E. Kelly.........
3rd Prize, by G. Eady, sr. ....
v	cuss iv.
If you are engaged in any kind of business you make a mistake if you do not invest a dollar or two with
1st prize by Mackav 2nd p: e, by G il 3rd prize, by T. W. McGarry
$7.00
T. W. WILSON & GO.
Hough
0.00
5.00
$5.00
4.50
CLAUS XV.
Best 10 lbs. Butter in 1 lb print*
1st prize, by Stewart Bros.
2nd prize, by Stewart Bros 3rd prize, by Stewart Bros 4th prize, by Stewart Bros
CLASS XVI.
Best 5 llw. Butter in 1-lb. prints
1st prize by II. Blakeney..
2nd prize, by H. Blakeney 3rd prize, by II. Blakeney.
4th prize, by II. Blakeney.
CLASH XVII.
4.00
import duty of 35 per cent., lets a third for preference, figures out About the Rime at is quoted in the American market, hut as all the works in the United Slates are congested with overwork, it ie well nigh impms.ble ti get contracts filled there.
It ia nearly twtnty years since Canadian Pacific has had any Scotch engines on its system, since which time great improvement* have been made in their construction and it ia now claimed they will last longer with fewer repairs than the American artie'e.
$3.50
Drowned in a Hurricane.
Seattle, Wash, Nov. 7.—No less than eight meu were drowned, three vessels were driven ashore and practically every lighter on the Nome Beach was wrecked in a storm that commerced cn Tuesday, Oct. 14, and continued throughout the day. A d< zen or more people thrown into the surf were rescued by the life saving crews. The schooner Louise, the steamer Elk and the launch Fleet wing were among the larger craft left on the beach. I i ev<ry instance the crews were rescued or managed to teach the shore.
3.25
2.50
2.00
$5.00
4 50
. 4.00
$1.76
Rent Pair Gobblers, plucked and drawn, this yeti’s.
1st prize by David Craig..
2nd prize, by W. W. Craig 3rd prize, by C. J. Scott..
t Î.ASF V.
1.50
1.25
1 00
$5 00
4.00
The Printer
3.50
Best 5 Bundies of Celery
. „	_ .	, , ,	, 1st Prize by H. Moss..........
Best pair Hen luikeye, plucked and 2nd prize by H. Mow..............
diawn, this years.	3rd prize by II. Moss.........
Pedlow...
2nd prize, by J. H. Walford
3rd prize, by J. II. Walford
$1.00
Counterfeiters Under Arrest

75
to show people what you are doing.
WE PRINT
60
Toronto, Nov. 7.—For some two yea a
the pi lie# have been set rching for the enure# of couv.tsrfe’t D miinion on# do hr bills numbeied 553,340, which has come to them in large numbers from a local departmental store, whose practice it is to hand all counterfeit bills to the police. Last night the police succeeded in locating the plant. They arrested Wm. Stewart, a man whom they have shadowed for a long
No. 1—$3.00, given by Board of Trade I “hi.	time, and whose corrected name is be-
fco the jierson taking the largest I General Manning, who n.-ceeda C« 1. lievfd to be Reid, and also Mr. and Mrs. number of prizes on his or her ' Dwayne, is pushing the preparations for Anson Raymond, proprietors of the own produce ; 1st prize to count an advance again*? the Mullah, but he is Raymond house, 355 Wilttn avenue, 3; 2nd prize to count 2 ; 3rd hampered in Lie efforts by the f-.ct that wheicSiewatt resided. When irreeted prize to count 1 point.	the coun ry has so few resounts that the Stewart admitted his guil
iror
The Mad Mullah is well Supplied.
$4.00
3.60
CLASH XVJ1I
2.60
Best 4 sections, 1-lb. sections of light | i rli arationr for the British alvams Honey.
let prize by Conley & Derry.
2nd prize, by Conley & Deny.
3rd prize, by Conley & Derry.
SPECIAL PRIZES
VII, C. 12, m. 4»

ARE SEIKO I'UKUED
CLASS VI.
Beat Turkey, any age, plucked and drawn.
1st prize, by Scott & Jamieson
2nd prize, by C. K. Grigg......
3rd prize, by T. Logan.........
<LA*S vu.
Best Turkey, this yem a, plucked and drawn, 14 lbe or over.
1st prize, by J. M. Plaiéit 2nd prize, “
3rd prize,
$1.00
Berbers, East Africa, November 7.— 50 ! Cul. Swayne, formerly British commander I in Somaliland, who has been recalled to I England, started for home today. He
76
Public Notice.

$4.00
Province of Quebec Municipality of Clarendon.
Public Notice to hereby given that the School Commissioners of Clarendon will receive tenders for Firewood for the Thirteen Schools in the Municipality up to 10 of the clock of Thursday the 20th day of November, 1902. Dry pine and hard wood will receive the preference ; but other mixed wood may be taken if the price ia suitable.
Given at Shaw ville this 31st Oct. 1902.
HUGH MÀTHRSON,
Sec Trews.
3.60
Envelopes. Letter Heads, Bill Heads, Statements, Cards, Ac. at moderate cost and do the york well. Try a sample order.
3.00
I


He had
$3 00
2.60
2.00

4#
CLASP VIII.
Beet Turkey, this year a, plucked and drawn, 10 lbe. or over.
ltd prize by James Young 2nd prize,	44
3rd prize,	44
$2.50
Desirable Farm Property
For Sale.
2.00
Buhotle is well gar soned and lia» amp1» The net earnings vf the Montreal e’reet defence?.	! Railway Company total $011,032, and th*
It 1» impossible to prevent the running company has paid $49,000 more m diri-of guns to I ha Mullah through Fieuth j dende this year than last, territory, which is in coosttfit progress.
Thru? thouBind British troots will hc^in to advance about November 27.
This delay is due to the fset that General
All ixmitry must hive the crops token I Mann ng is dispensing w nh the Indian I | s -mmrn m ¦ p;n. | troops in the belief that the native levies
are more effective.
1.50
No. 3.— $3 00, given by Board of Trade . to the exhibitor coming the greatest distance to exhibit at the market ; any and all exhibitors must have a reasonable amount of produce entered in this contest.
CLASH IX.
Best Pair Geese, this year’s, plucked and drawn.
1st prize by Stewart Bros 2nd prize,
3rd prize,
The Equity.
o
The undersigned desires to sell the undermentioned farm property, situated in the Township of Litchfield, two mile* from the village of Bryson, and intersected by l>oth roads leading to Portage du Fort and ShawvUle
North West Halt of Lot No. 20, in the first Range containing 100 acres, with eight-room dwelling house, large kitchen, and all necessary outbuildings ;
Also. South East half of Lot No. 30, same range, containing 100 acres, and having thereon small dwelling house with All residents of Thorne whose names are | *11 necessary out-buildings ;
Also South East Half of Lot No. 21 In paid i same range, consisting principally of bush hool 1 land.
$2.00
Farm for Sale..
1.50
1.00
44
Being lot part of No. 12 on the 2nd range of Clarendon, containing If*) acres, more or less, of elegant, loamy land, 115 acre* of which are cleared and stumped and In a good state of cultivation. There arc 40 acres plowed, 10 acres to plow and remain der In hay and pasture. The cleared land is ent irely free from stone, well fenced and
well watered. This farm is situated 4 on the Valuation Roll of 1902 and owe ar miles from Shawville, 6 from Portage du rears of taxes, and who will not have Fort and 0 from Bristol Comers, and has such taxes up In full, together with sc
IMi SIS liiti
all other information apply to the owner Given at Thome Centre by order of on the premisè* or by letter to Shawville Council this Oth day of October. 19UB.
¦	¦ WM H. COTIE,	& M. LOGAN,
Owner.	Bee. Tress
CLASS X.
Best Goose, this year's plucked and drawn.
1st prize by F. Humphries 2nd | rise,
3rd prize.
To all whom it may
Concern.
out, except where otherwise noted trance for prizes free ; but the regular market tec of 2c for basket, 6c. fur single rig ; 10c, for double rig, will have to be
$1.60
Ordered Scotch Engines
1.00
76
41
produce and poultry entered in competition to be placed as directed by the Judge# and Market Clerk. Judging to
commence at 10, a. m. and piis«s will I Montreal, Nov. 4— The Canadian Babe paid between 1 and 2 p. m. at the Mar- cjfic railway hie g von a contract to the ¦	*.	j Miller Locomotive company, of Glasgow,
Save your poultry for this Fair, tn for , Sco lmd, for the building of twenty the prizes, and get the best prices lor all freight locomotivee, to be delivered early the poultry you bring.	[in 1903. Thu ia an experiment, and if
JOHN MACK AY,	the engines are up to the standard in all
Pm#. Board of Trade. | probabil ty the order will be increased.
The contract price, which bdudet the J
All
C. p. R. WILL rxrSItlMBNT WITH WRSTY AND MAY IRCRKAHB ORDER.
CLASS XI.
Best Pair Ducks, plucked and drawn,
t!ii* ywu *.
1st prize, by W. K. Smallfield 2nd prize, by I. E. Pcdlow...
3rd prize, by II. Mofs........
CLASS xn.
Beat 6 Chickens, this year’s, plucked and drawn.
1st prise by M. F. Devine
.$2.00
. 1.76
ket Office
ID
1.60
A,
1
family
For terms and particulars apply to
J. H. CHAPMAN.
—	Bryson, Quo.
P.O
,$6.0> C. K. OR1GG, Secretary.
/
Bh







