###PAGE###1###

' 7

r 7 *


Z
»

$1.00 a Year in. Advance.
COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, SERT. 27,	1000
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC
No. 15 —18th Yeah.
m
Hymeneal
Single carriage horse, 15] hand*—1 John Shaw; 2, John Smith; 3, A K Smi
Single roadster horse, 14.J hand* and up—1. A Smiley; 2, G. F. Hudgins; J, A. McDonald.
Saddle horse or man*, 15 hands and up I, Dr. Alexander; 2, <*. I lie-hard son; 3, A. Smiley.
>
BANK IF OTTAWA
BIG...
BARGAINS !
On Srji*. 19th,.
1900, at the residence of the brides parents, Clarendon, by the Rev. W A. Wilson, of Point Fortune* Sarah Klin Amelia, daughter of George Thomas, to Andrew John Davis, of Klimtidu, <v>ue.
Hern by—MvKiiwon. 7 he Beech Grove Presbyterian church was the scene of a pretty wedding on the 19th inst., at 2 p. in., when the many friends of Mr. and Mrs. Samuel McKihhon, of Eardley* assembled to witness the ceremony which united their daughter Miss Ilehbie Florence and Mr. John Gardner Heeney, of Kazubnzua, in the holy honds of matrimony. The bride who was attired in a dress of cream meltressn with white satin and over-lace, was assisted hy Miss lies-Heeney, sister of the groom, who costume of pale green trimmed with white satin. Mr. Samuel McKibben, brother of the bride, supported the
Davis—Thomas
ley
OTTAWA, CANADA
..........*1,904,900
......... 1,7:11,uSO
.. ..	1,401,310
lle»d oin f : .. .. Câpltâl milie-rlU-d Capital paid up ..
OF CANADA.
Heat
board of Director» :
Chakleh Maoer, Esq., President.
Geokok Hay, khq.,Vice-President.
John Matiirr, E*q. David MacLarsn, tisq.
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000. RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
M!'E< I AL PRIZES.
British American Life Assurance Co., M Cowley, agent, $4.00, for I»est general purpose farm team 1, L. A. Smart.
< ieruld Bralmzoii, £5.00, fur best driving team owned by farmers in flic county and driven by their owners -1, II. Ralph; 2, A. S. Smart; 3, Robt. Armstrong.
(,*. Turpain, $5.00, for l>vst Hackney stallion—1, Win. Wilson.
EXTRA HPEUAL ViUSEM.
<\ (aid well, $10.00, fur running race in saddle twice around the ring—1, < 1 Richardson; 2, C Caldwell ; 3, A. Smi-
Hos.Oeo. Drvsom, Jr
Kw.rHT.tai

2 First-class Square
Head Office, • Montreal.
?
General Manager .. .. Manager,
GEOROF.nVRN. D. M. PIN Nil,

Only flOOK STOVES
NHAWV1LLE BRANCH,
Bren' ht* î IN ONTARIO;
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of t he world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
10 A.M. To 3 P.M.
10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER» Manager.
Lanark,
Parry Hound, Pembroke,
Rat Portage, do Hank St. Renfrew do Rideau St. Toronto.
Yank leek 1I1H, Smith's Falls,
Keewatln. K-mptvdle Mattawn, Ottawa.
Alexandria, Arnprlor. Avon mors, i irebridge, Carle ton
with Extension. Must be sold at once to make room for other goods. See them quick. They are decided bargains.....
HIO
wore a
Place, Haw kes bury,
IN MANITOBA
ley
Winnipeg
• e
Dauphin
groom.
The church was tastefully decorated for the occasion, and as the wedding party advanced up the aisle the strains of the wedding march floated on the quiet autumn air, combining to form a scene not easily forgotten by those present.
Rev. Mr. Kalvrn ofliciated and soon the
cere in was ovei
the bride was next in order, and the	,
guests to the number of 200 sat down in	c
.....KB lllS|Hardware.
SSnaSASti? 5	".. our Hardware department is now com-
attention and charges moderate. amuseiner.t was maintained until n lute \vm KHiott, 100 yards fat man's race-	pletC, ready fOl* Fall trade. Ill Shell GOOdS
,TrCk
Wm. Moore, £2.<K) in three prizes, for	WÜ itio
'"'SinOhStn^o “Î meet any fair competition.
F A Parker, $5.00 for hitch and unhitch race twice around the track, hitch and unhitch once in each round, to be full harnessed and no snaps—1, lb Voting: 2, Jos Amin, ji Free for all trot in heath 4 to enter and 3 to start, American trotting rules to gov-1, Alf McGuire; 2, John McGuire;
' portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC ;
Office Horns Saturdays .
Al!„nuonlrc'.n.,i., S«",toril
5%
, Unlit. Grant
The
Box Stoves
Church Services
urn
ny which united two loving hearts A sh ut drive to the home of
3, A Smiley.
3 minute class, no marks, same rules
shcu; 2, G. F. Hod
MKTHODIST CHURCH.
XV. Bowman Tucker, M.A
For heating. We sell GURNEY’S. None better. All sizes in stock....
PApHbTluïrV w. R. Johu.ton.
Services every Sabbath at lO..;oa.in.; < • P*,n
liBlisEM
K very out* welcome.
Talking about Closinglll
No, Indeed.
IT IS HE-OPENINC
Wo arc Talking About.
THK AVTVMN SESSION OF THE
Pontiac Business College
— will open on—
Tuesday, September 4th, 1900,
ami other special studies.
Special attention to backward stu-
1
hour
always ahead and prices made to
Die»—at 2.1 Grimf St., Tor<,nt->, Agnes infant daughter of Mr. and
iths.
Threshing mill men say that the wheat yield this year is exceptionally good-much better than the oat crop.
The popularity of the bride and groom
was well attested by the large number of costly and beautiful presents of which they were the happy The happy couple left on the morning train for Ottawa amidst the congratulations uf their many friends who unite in wishing them bon voyage and a happy journey through life.
( aim ron Mis. John Alexander, aged 1
race
ioy
# #
e #
the mi one
with bunts on, properly laced, then b taken otfnwl carried the next third, then boots to lie put on and properly laved, and complete the race—1, A. Thompson; •J, \V. Terri tl‘; 3, Sam Fraser.
.1. M. Stewart, : wo pairs
i hoy’s race under 1"
recipients
ts
«t:
Mr. Moses and Mis McCord left here
Masonville, Michigan,
dents,
Ik» made.
A postal will bring full particulars.
on Monday for with the intention of taking up residence there for a time if the prospects are en cou raging. In their (lepxrVuu Slit . \ ilh1 sustains ths loss of two good citizens.
,f 1
ts
Moccasins.
::
One who was theki
the two leaders in n
years, (MO yards) best in three heats— ban-footed 1, Roy Lapine ; 2, John Dagg.
We understand that Mr. David Wilson and family Intend closing business here and reii oving to Ottawa in 111- course of it week or two. They will reside on Gloucester street.
We have just received a large consignment of Beef and Oil Tan Moccasins—long and short, for men and boys. Quality the finest and prices right.
M
Animes»
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE
Bryson, - Que.
CATTLE-CLASS 3
Mr. Aiuty Martin, agent for George Gordon & Co., at Cache Ray, was heie on Saturday and Monday engaging nien for the lumbering operations of the linn.
He succeeded in hiring some hands, hut
avrtil-
Mr. Sullivan, stock dealer, has been purchasing cattle, pigs, et r., in this neighborhood during t he past week. Re ship pe ! "ii Tuesday morning.
Mr. K. Parker, manager of the bank here, informs us that the item which appeared in our columns a fexV weeks ago, stating that the name of the Merchants Bank was to be changed to the Royal Canadian Think, is misleading, a* the change refers to the Men-brnts Rank of Halifax.	•
REGISTERED DURHAM.
Three year old bull and up—L L ^ Brownlee; 2, J G Elliott.
Two yeur old hull—1# IIims McD*vlL Two year old heifer -1, E Brownlee. Guo year old heifer—1st and 2nd, l
McDowell; 3, E Brownlee.
Heifer calf—M and 2nd, E Brownlee. ‘	—1, E Brownlee; 2, Thus
McDowell: 3, E. Brownlee.
Bull calf—1, J G Elliott.
REGISTERED AYRSHIRE*—CLASS 4.
Three year old bull and up—1, James Armstrong; 2, Win. Mod gins; 3, A Me
Knight.
Two year strong.
One year old heifer—James Armstrong*
1st, 2nd and 3rd.
Heifer calf—1, Jan Armstrong..
Milch cow —1, Wm Hodgins; 2nd and
3rd, las Armstrong.
Herd of cattle—1, Jab. Armstrong.
1STERED H0LSTEIN8—CLASS 6.
Two year old heifer-1, E Brownlee.
< hie year old heifer—1, E Brownlee. Heifer calf—1st and 2nd, E. Brownlee. Milch cow - 1st and 2nd, E Brownlee. Herd of cattle—1, E Brownlee.
Milch cow-1, A Elliott; 2, J G Elliott;
3, R Mitchell.
Two year old heifer—1, A Elliott, -, Jos. Brownlee; 3, Win Wilson.
(>nc year old heifer—1, Jas Wilson; 2, John McDowell; 3, D Russell.
SHEEP AND PIGS.
Grades—Two ewe lambs—W G McDowell 1, E Brownlee 2, T McDowell 3. Two ewes, one shear—W G McDowell 1, E Brownlee 2, T McDowell 3. Two ewes-E Brownlee 1, T McDowell 2, Wm Hodgins, 3. Pen of shecp-E. Brownlee 1.
Registered Leicester#--Aged ram—1, A Elliott. Year old ram—A Elliott 1. Ram lamb—A Elliott 1. I wo eu e lambs-A Elliott 1. Two ewes- A Elliott 1. Two ewes, one shear—A Elliott pen of •luM p A Elliott 1. Registered Shropshire*- Aged ET Brownlee 1, Win Hudgins 2 old ram—Jos Brownlee 1 Ram lamb — Jos Brownlee 1, E Brownlee 2, E T Brownlee 3. Two ewe lambs-Jos Brownlee 1, E Brownlee 2. Two ewes— E Brownlee 1, Jos Brownlee 2. Two ewes, 1 shear—Jos Brownlee 1, E Brownlee 2. Pen of sheep—Jos Brownlee 1, E
Brownlee 2.
Registered Oxford Downs-Aged _J G Elliott 1. Rani lamb—J G Armstrong 1 and 2, J A Armstrong 3. Two lambs—J A Armstrong 1. Two
ewes—J G Armstrong 1.
Grade swine —Sow of season—K .J » H-
son 1, A Be rn 2.	*	.
Registered swine—Berkshire — Aged boar—E Brownlee 1, A Bean 2, S Barber 3. Aged sow—A Bean I, Jos Brewn-Sow of season—A Bean 1. Boar
of season —A Bean 1.
Yorkshire—Aged Vxmr-R J >\ ilson 1, Wm Hodgins 2. Aged sow—Jas Arm strong 1, Wm Hodgins 2. Sow of __W W Shirley. Boar of season —Jas
ni ml many my re than were

reqti — able
Members of Court Shawvllle, L <>. F., are reminded that the v/e^ul ir monthly meeting of the court takes place on ^ ^
nesday evening, the 2*»Ui iWstr*V **'•' cers aiu anxious to have a good attend* several matters of importance are
local news.
Special Prices in Photos.
'Suïï&ïi*5Si SI'“
J. H. SHAW

Mil <4#
cow

^4
ance, as to he dealt with
special All work guarantee!
Resolution of Condolence
Mr. W. J. Connelly, of Kippewa, and Mrs. Connelly arrived here last week a visit to friends. Mr. Connelly is combining business with pleasure, by purchasing a number of head of cattle from the farmers of the neighborhood.
'¦••"ttïeKî
The Great Ruler of the universe who docth all things well, having out of his infinite wisdom seen fit to remove from our midst by the hand of death a much loved brother and worthy member of I. O. G. T.t we as members of Peerless Lodge, tender our heart felt sympathy to you in your great affliction, beseeching our Heavenly Father to comfort and uphold you. giving sufficient grace to say, “ Thy will be done in every trial. Long remembering his parting counsel, meet me In Heaven, like him, may we meet cleat Ii bravely, for we me constantly reminded to he also ready, for in such an hour as we think not the Son of Man cometh.
Signed on behalf of Peerless Lodge No. 44, I. O. G. T
on
hooks, note The Equity office
Id heifer—1, Jas Arm
A first-class milliner at Jfrs. Janies
McCredie’s.
the**special	for photos li^Tin^n s
studio, Pontiac House.
Thanksgiving Day this year has been fixed for Thursday, the 18th tf October.
PIANOS
President
Conservative Convention Edward Graham, of the Liberal Conserva tive Association, has notified the dele gates selected by the electors of the eral polling sub divisions to represent them, to meet in convention here on Friday of this week, for the purpose of naming their candidate for the House of Com-8 haw ville has not yet appointed
sev
BE
Dressmaking call
The D. W. KAHN COMPANY, Limited,
Mi» MÎHÏÏ,’™« O. F. H-l-m.
on
store.
For Organs, Pianos and Sewing Machines, see A. Howard at Pontiac House.
Miss Florence Lang has procured the position of assistant, advertised m these columns by Messrs. E. Hodgins «V Bom,
Apprentice Wanted—A good, strong boy about
mens
its delegate but will do so at a meeting to be held in Hodgins’ hall on Thursday
Sophie Armstrong, Sec y Geo. B. Morimsun, W. C
197 SPARKS STREET, - - OTTAWA,
Opposite Blythe’s New Store.
Bristol, Sept. 22, 1000 [Theabove refer s to the death of Master Hugh McCredieJ.
evening.
Hugh McCredie, eldest son of Andrew McCredic, of Bristol, a promising young of nineteen years, passed away Thursday last, a victim to consumption, which laid hold upon him as the result < >1 a cold, contracted last winter. Cut off on the very threshold of manhood, the young man’s death has cast the shadow of gloom _j the neigh b<>rhood w hich has known him since childhood, and in which ho was universally admired. The lemains
interred atfNurway Bay cemetery on Fri
We have several good Square Pianos and want to sell them quickly. Our new stock is coming along now, and we need the room. When in the city, come in and make us an offer.
List of Successful Prizewinners at Shawville Exhibition.
on
man
we
smithing
Mr. C.'McCagg left on Monday to fill a position as clerk with Umg A Co,, Ottawa.
HORSES
over
DRAFT < LASS.
Pure bred clyde stallion 3 years and up —1, Wm. Blakely.
Stallion, other than pure bred, ’• years and up—1, A. Watson.
Span horses in harness—1, Joe Chap
man.
2 year old stud colt—1, Thus Sally ; L, Win. Rutledge.
2 year old colt <>r filly —1, H T • McDowell; 2, Win. Homer ; 3, El. Hodgins.	.	_
1 year old colt — 1* Thus Held; -,
Aram, sr ; 3, D. Russell.
GENERAL UHF. CLASS.
Stallion, 3 years and up—1, Robett
Russell.	-
Span horses in harness—1, J. A. Mulligan ; 2, Sam Horner; 3, G. Graham.
Mare and foal—1, Jas. L. Shaw ; 2, R. McDowell; 3, A. McKnight.
1	year old stud cf It—1, Stun Horaerj -,
P. McGee.	, ,	.
2	year old colt—1, W. G. Belsher;
H. Homer; 3, It. McDowell.
1	year old colt —1, Thom. McDowell; -, W. J. McDowell; 3, S. Barber.
CARRIAGE on ROADSTER CLASH.
Stallion, standard bred, 3 years and up
—1, L. Dumont.	.	¦	_
Coach stallion—1, ^ m Blakley;
Jas. Grant.	ei ,	,	,
Span carriage horses, loj hands and
up-1, J. A. Smart; 2, Alf Howard.
Span roadster horses, 14A hands and up-1, R. W. Ralph; 2, Dale Bros.
Mare and foal—1, W, C. Hodgins; 2,
G Grant.	^	_ -
2	year old colt—1, Thom. Grant; 2, Jas.
Hodgins. ,	e
1 year old colt—1, Edward Hodgins; *•»
Geo Graham ; 3, R. Dale.
Mr. H. liaison, photographer, who has been in the general hospital for some weeks past, returned to town on Saturday, and will resume business at once.
An assortment of latest style pattern hats now in stock at Misa Annie McRae’s.
Mr. J. J. McVeigh, of Lower Litchfield, took first prize last week at Ottawa Exhibition with Sir Roger Tichborne in the coach stallion class,
New Fall Hats, now on exhibition at Miss Annie McRae’s, Shawville.
At least five of the successful bread exhibits shown at our fair last week, were made from Shawville Roller mill Hour, which should be a good recommendation for our local establishment.
Just arrived, a new stock of fall mill*
Mrs. C. McCagg.
were
day
Mrs. Alexander, of 23 Grant St., Toronto, who has undergone an operation in the Western Hospital, has been removed home, is still confined to her bed and is very slowly recovering. M»s. Alexander is the youngest daughter of the late Robt. Richards, of Bristol, (Billerica,) and who has many friends through Bristol and Quyon who may be sorry to hear of her
illness.	, _	.
Miss Maggie Alexander, of Onslow, is
stationed at present with her sister-inlaw during her illness.	Com.
Doc. Mulligan, while in Bryson a few days ago, met with a peculiar incident in his professional experience. It was the removal of a piece of wood from the mouth of a horse belonging to Mr. Daniel Ryan, of Calumet Island. The wood unaccountable way had become
Do you want a good Second-hand Organ ?
We have some and must sell them out also.
l
ram —
Y ear
Mr. J. R HORNER, Shawville.
See our
He will give you every attention and send you what you need—at once.
*
rain
raery
Mr. Wm. Clarke, C. L. A , went b» Ottawa on Saturday to attend the funeral of the late Mrs. Graham, of Cooper, St., who died on Friday morning at the age of 73 years. The funeral took place on Monday morning to 3rd line Huntley.
ewe
in some	,	,	,
firmly wedged between the teeth of the upper jaw directly across the palate, and had been there about five weeks when the doctor discovered it afad took it out. The obstruction prevented the animal from eating any kind of solid food, and the owner was completely at a loss to know the nature of the affliction, although he and others made what they thought a careful examination of the horse’s mouth; meanwhile the animal continued to fail in flesh to an extent that alarmed the owner, who valued it highly. When the doctor removed the piece of wood, which was smooth by the animal's tongue, Mr. Ryan was delighted, and he carefully rolled it up and took it home as a memento of a rather unusual occurrence.
* There will be a meeting of the Ag. Society directors on Friday.
Farm to Let.
Personal.—Mrs. James McCredie and Miss Maggie attended millinery openings at Ottawa last week*"	¦ m
M. M. Thomson, of Portage du Foi has resumed giving musical instruction in
The undersigned offers to let for a term of years his Farm, situated on the 7th range of Clarendon, two miles from Shaw ville railway station. The farm contains 200 acres and is in good condition with all necessary machiner) in good working or-Premises will be leased with or without stock as desired. For terms and
all other information apply to
JOHN M. HODGINS,
lee 2
Dr. Alexander, of our town, who is probably the most enthusiastic poultry man in this county, was a most successful prize-winner at last Tuesday s exhibition, as will be noted from a glance at the prize list published this week.
Shawville celebrated its civic holiday Wednesday last—not by holding any local demonstration, but by making a general exodus from town and speeding off to the Capital to take ip the exhibition.
town
. Jus. McArthur, who has been ah-fur the lMiht two months, fiilling an engagement with Messrs. Goldie & McCullough, returned home on Saturday Rev. A. Elliott, who spent last winter in Nogales, Arizona, took his departure for that place on the l^th inst
season
Mr
1
sent
tier
Ariiist rung.	¦	* i.
Poland China—Aged sow—Jos Brown
lee 1
Chester White—Aged sow-H T McDowell 1, Alf Elliott, 2. Sow of season CONTINUED ON 8th PAGE.
worn
on
Shaw ville*
1
i

u
«

4

###PAGE###2###

1


H T

simplicity. A round, fiat disk oc glana —beohinloally oil led a plate — ia rout'd with glycerin, and et pored in tine
After i mg alii wed to remain there tor a certain nimber of hours it is removed tv the laboratory and placed in an incubator it a temperature of HOD degrees. In him at mo p bore any bacilli that may iw present quickly develop, and are readily classified by the experts in attendu nee.
11‘fore buying un attendant woe 1 ktui whav kvou'd happen in the event of a chirp.j teat tube being accidentally broken, eo am to permit of • the germm therein being distributed in the u i rounding n timwp he re. The answer warn reassuring. The nrtifically bred microbes, deprived of warmth and nouriahinent. would perish as certainly and am speedily ns would an orchid east adrift upon an Ice floe.
muais :i microbes.
Then put it in a mold anil Serve with a ring of
frosty
let it harden clear jelly about it, or a row of rnnoa roou\ or strip* of sponge txike.
f you should happen
g* M* MWWAVWIMW MVMViMVlWMf 4#
I HOUSEHOLD.'
I
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
|
imI that the draft upon the h me lug> eûmes kit the right point
hi mom me raised or lowered and tried
ADIT OR G A	MS FHAT PR -1 iu i locality
DUCE DISEASE.
I
If tin
A i*
t
pie hauct
have a cupful, is uioe atLviwl in Uu
until the point L» revu-he « l whom tb<
motion of th‘ hoi’^ea ehoul.lei will gl»e | l,H,> nre ui'.ntsini	^ v|
Oiiieforiter ri	item Aim
WOOD ASDICS FOR ALL CROPS
I il nilvr I'm «
SINCE DAUGHTER'S LEARNED TO
COOK.
We used to have old-fashioned things, lake hominy and greens,
We used to have just common soup, made out of i>ovk and Ism ns.
I hit now it’* bullion, consomme, and things made from u book,
And Pot au Feu and Julienne, since my daughter's learned to cook.
We xitiod to have apiece of beef—just ordinary meat,
And pickled pigs feet, epareribs, too. and other things to eat.
While now its fillet and ragout, and leg of mutton braised,
And macaroni au gratin, and sheep’s head llollandaiacd,
Escallops a l;i Versailles—a la this and a la that.
And sweetbread a la Dioppoise—it’s enough to kill a cat!
Rut while 1 suffer deeply, 1 invariably look
As if I were delighted ’cause my daughter's learned to conk.
crumbed macaroons
the emal
beaten jelly It it La mute in summed-fruits—st raw ber ries
Good wood ashes are usually looked upon simply as a source of potash.
While	tli
raspberries—are nice molded in—sa> potash is very available and is taken cupful to each quart of jelly. Dice Up by the plant at onoe, the good f pineapple give it flavor, and make result* from applying this fertilizer If served with whipped are partially due to the small pereen-
or
l «»ry lin «am y.
the Least motion to the burned at the top, that will I*' the place to fit the straps, »o they will not gu either higher or lower been properly adjusted the next thing is to fit the collar. A collar with the hoiiHvt tightly f usteiivd on should be a close fit. When pressed kick against the shoulders there should not he
currants
the most extensive microl* the world ia located here throw from l’!'1'
side <*f ÜH
f’e i h i p* factory in not a stone's
\\ turn the hawea have
ne
bridge, on the Middlesex river. It is an ornate looking red building called the lirit iah Institute <d
Medicine, and within iU
t t ic h
any of thv.su desserts are nice luge of phosphoric acid, ranging from
créa in
dusted with almonds finely chopped, 11 to 2 per cent., and quite a percent-grated macaroons; or even the homely age of lime, amounting in some cases peanut, if crushed with a rolling-pin to 3d per cent after its shell and hu.sk are removed origin the lime is very effective in
unexpected pria pneu, and i»| liberating plant food» particularly
pot i"h ill. combined effect, therefor*.
of all these elements in wood ashes it*
^I
walls are bred microlHvx by Hi** billion. And they am not by any means harm-Iv.sa varieties, either. Moat of them aie
or the other
room to put tIk* fingers in along the mill A* and not very much more at the bottom.
Now, if the collar fits that way, with the ha intvt properly adjusted, the chuiovs are that the Horae will not suffer from it* use. Hui tlie best plan is to fit the collar to the neck as pel - j feetly as possible, and the only sure way is to soak it until thoroughly wet, ' this means a leather collar, of course, say all night ; then wipe dry us possible and put the collar ou the horse, with the harness fitted to it properly and work him mode lately until the collar diies
exactly to the horse's neck and should never make it sore.
lu soils of mineral
gives an most tasty
responsible for some of the plagues that afflict humanity. In one incubator is the bacillus septic us of consumption; in another ih Hut responsible for bubonic pieague funy-lookitig spe men produce-ha k-jaw, and there are hundreds of others, each more deadly than the other, to judge from their names.
! Peering curiously iuto the incubators, which look for all the world like ordinary domestic ovens fitted with
at first see
one
always beneficial. A «he* have always beeu considered an excellent fertilizer.
HEALTH HINTS
<
Few people know the great value of
however, is .rapidly desaffron spice as a valuable addition jeicasing, and in many cases it is iinto diet in cases of nervous disorders, pœaible to obtain them
and like ail- chiefly
fluppi)
7LUCKY KIMPU.
We depend on Canada, and even that source is not always reliable.
neuralgia, dyspepsia
nients. The best mode of administer
ll#w llie Xrw W man Is < onilng I# Ike
Fran I la Japan.
In the nr bools in Japan drawing and painting are included in 1 he curriculum fox all the scholars, whether boys or girls. Every Japanese learns to use the brash as he learns to road, and all have a that directum, artistic, tho Japanese would naturally become skilled in the free use of the brush because all their writing is done (with it, requiring free-hand strokes for every letter. Men particularly gifted with a talent fot art make it their profession and
of	encou rage-
mu u with moderate
iug it is in milk food, much as rice,
We have a lot of salad things, with attgt> bread, sound,na, corn starch, and
In pl^^“polatS fri- °“*er milk puddings. For this purpose «xHupoeitian. Some contain « great casatvd a dozen ways	' tho saffron should be tied in a small deal of dirt, and not a few lots have
And	orange roley potty,	float	and	piece of fine mtisliu.	and boiled in the	been le.u hod for making soap before
pvaeh mciittgue alas,	milk, says a cooking	magasme of high	being sold for fertilizers. This le-aeh-
E notig h to u^t tk ustonurh that is repute> çan, should be take to pro- ing process removes nearly everything
The good old things " have passed ou re the saffron of good quality, and that is soluble and is particularly ef-.iway in silent sad	retreat;	not that previously	used for extract	fee live in taking out the potaeb. How-
We’ve lots of highfalutin	things,	but	p^rpo-es, as much of	wh it is sold has	ever, the greater part of the lime
nothing much to eat.	fceeu. it van also be used in beef and remains, and even leached ashes can be
m always l^eiaan“yhwk,Wl‘r ““ chicken troth, and in Germany myipplied with profit. The aehos should You can guess I've had dyspepsia since bouillon is made without it.	always Ik* bought subject to analysis,
my daughter's learned to cook. Many cases of insanity are attrib- or the purchaser «hould require a
buted to the drinking of ptroug tea. guarantee as to the percentage of
The water shiAild just boil, the tea potash and phosphoric acid, particular-	..........	,	,
- — - -• -............... -......... Mt	,u,,» z'lrZ" r Z"
scjuping or washing, and never allow-
Furthermore, the wood dehea now on
(hr mui ket ait) exceedingly variable in
Then it should be fitted
glas* doors, one can nothing eave a uuiulwr of round glass In Iks, their ends stuffed with ordin-
A closer inxesti-
natural deftness in Reside being born
If the horse's neck is unusually tender frequent huthiug with salt water, or water with tannin or some other astringent in it, will toughen it mue o prevent bO.enessfrom ordinary usage
ary cotton wool
gat ion of tho separate test tubes, however, reveals the fact that each * and every one of them contained adif-
liul in any event the matter *e,entr 0<>luied fluid.
is of sufficient importance to demand Ulu" ,KiV‘lli nAml to	™ **
In warm weath- to develop and different varieties of
er, when boro are working hard,	require different kinds of
their ahoulduia should I» well washed P'oveuder. Thu. the d.phtheru fmd
bacilli thrive best on a diet of solidl- ment. 1* or a,
fitul horse blood and prepared gela- talent there is alwaye decorative work, fine. Agar jelly, which comes from more than in any other country, Japan, is a favorite titbit with many because the Japanese never turn out species, while others will only «jauni-1 «van the simplest articles for daily Lite the juice» of raw potatoes, miik household use without so ne decoration or meet broth.	I which is really artistic, and year by
year the demo rad for these things in other countries La growing artist who wishes to devote his talents to becoming a pictures finds now schools of art which
i
constant attention
plenty
FANCY DESSERTS WITHOUT
COOKING.
"There comes a tune in the affairs’1 second brew should be made from the of women—when Bridget has depart- same leaves.
e<l prematurely, or when for some rea- When an invalid's ruum needs sweep-son the mistress of the house wishes ing the best way is to wipe up L__ to prepare a dessert. Then it is well carpet rapidly with coarse towels to know some desserts that can be wifuug ofut of cold water. This dis-made iu tho dining-ri>om, removed poses of the dirt without annoying from the penetrating eye which rules the patient either by dust or noise, the kitchen, and if you are not a and is the method employed by train-"notable cook,” the seclusion of the |%j
wood ashes are much richer in potash than softwood, such as that from

ed to bcooino hard and stiff.
Sometimes horses that begin work
itio maple, poplar, cottonwood and ttie
This is U-ue to a certain ex-	1ult< fat a «l6ut deal tit
However, softwood ashes are ! nwil lu Owt oa.se it will be necessary
like
tent
much lighter thru hardwood, and con- ^‘djuat the humes and refit the sequent ly, weight for weight, the dif- 001 or otherwise they would bo too
f e re nee is not so great as is sometimes ^ar8e-	it ia a good plan for	.
supposed. lTof.VuoiheesbUitesth.it farmer* to keep some extra collars u'ganmms, so mu^ so
10 to 40 per- cant, of potash. Leached Iwrd work begin in earnest.	unexpected that happen».	ou m y
ashes contain .bout 1 M per cent.	____ |	that have Uedded do"“‘n
w of potash, 11-2 to 2 per cent, of phos-	BRFFnlva OF SHEEP	'	^
morning without sugar is one of the pjlorio uci(1 a(njd ^ oeut of nnv	BllLLDINU Oh hHhhl.	bacillus diphtheria» columbarum —an
The following desserts are so simple	simplest remedies for	torpid	lifer and	Tan hark aalhvi are .«*ir in fortHitm»	SuC0oM ofu'n depends on	eai ly	ougamsm which Ls responsible for «
which	M	\ fertilizing	breeding, and therefore some	select	dL^aae allied to diphtheria, in pigeons
eeed, and they lend tbomaelvea to such medicine has failed to cure will dis- L> p^r wnt ^ uot&ah. Limekiln ashes '	eheeP with this ainK,e in —but the no ns ter 11 iza lion of a needle—
variety as the individual taste may ap^ar and the appetite will be con- ure tiiAU ^ poLaah, but contain a ! v^NVe	Dor*et* and Merinos are »r a carelessly stoppered test tube,
suggest. We call the first "Honey-	siderably	improved.	very high percentage of lime, amount-	1)0111 6avly tjl<‘<’tjena' an<1 many	flelect	m an outsider, and you find that
muon ITidding," on account of its gen-	Lemon	rind s bow Id	never	be used	[ug maI1y	to 50 per cent.	them chiefly for their quality,	but I	you have unwittingly trapped a new
eiral all-around sweetness. Its base is without first thoroughly cleansing the Tl r.	r	.	? ! ^UVti ^’und that the Shiopshiies, variety of disease germ hitherto un-
the candied marron, very expensive to lemons as the spongy surface absorbs t- y^lue of coa/aeh.^ If nhta r ° |	generally have the imputation known to bacteriologist»,
be sure when bought of the eonfecti- germs easily. Let the lemons lie in »	ü it . tl*	,	of being late in this respect, will breed j Even when carefuhy and insistent-
oner. It is possible to obtain them cold water for a little while, then u . uotash. tito V iJr T** t " / tlllly M	83 tjle	vr ly humored the microbe is apt to die on
new possibilités of deuerta for mod-	WALNUT CAKE.	*" ,kmda	*'ieaerveU aud go<xl management to the Shropshire. an be cwrnily uoder.tood when it i.
S&sstrJSSiSSS SmS	EE£~
you may happen to have until they „f augar. Beat the yolks of three llppl, lJleln to lhe ctover eTOp lvbich treiUmtinl better than mt«t breed.
• re «oft; place them m a flat duxh and eggs with half a pint of milk; add pre<.eUee the field crop to be fertilised form a ring about them cf the mar-	the	pouuded nuts, and	stir over the	^hey can be put on at the rate	of
rona. and then smother them both	fir,	until it thickens;	then remove	trom 1 to 2 tons
with whipped cream. Half a pint of from the fire, and add a dessertspoon-!anj winter. 1
eaeam if it Ls thick will be enough to	(uj	uf any liquor that	may be pre-	broken the following spring and the
provide for four pe-rsons. It should	fei red, and leave to cool.	Now put four	cultivated crop planted. Thereafter,	to
ooet at a creamery five cents
•X FASCINATING STUDY
T#
Th«
In many otlwr xcollects they sre quoer th.ngs, those inconceivably tiny
painter of

mir>es
dining-room is grateful; there you may potter at your pleasure, and if the uae of cold boiled potatoes in any things go wrong, no one will be the way, stating that they cannot be di-wieer. Marion Harland gave very gested. They are, be say», specially good advice to the young housekeeper hurtful to children, when she told her never to admit a
An authority on dieting denounce*

for the Japanese women who are endowed with extraordinary gifts.
Under these circumstances it is the more remarkable to find a woman artist in the Japanese capital who is not only making of her talent for painting a lucrative profession, but who has a number of pupils of the
This little woman is

The j • of ha a lemon aqueeged failure; throw it away, burn it, bury into a glass of water taken night and It, anything but let it be seen
:
that the veriest tyro cannot but sue- biliousness
Daily headache
opposite sex named Kimpu, and she has had a hard struggle. For many years slue lived with her husband in the country near


Kioto, where art was judged aeoord-to the standards of certain old
ing
schools which flourished in that vicinity. Kimpu's work was lacking ia the conventionality to which they were used, and the people were incapable of a^recLating it. She and her husband were miserably poor, still she kept working in the face of all discourage-

1
mente.
Her talent was at last unexpectedly remembered by a wood engraver for whom she had done work souse years before, lie fourni himself in a position of responsibility in Tokio, where the work of a number of progressive artists was necessary, and he sent for her has been growing more and more successful, lier paiutiug La thoroughly appreciated by her employers, ard some of it is even being sent to this
While Kimpu ia not a
I
They respond to good fow d(lya

! CAN HARDLY KILL THEM
! On the other hand, their tenacity of life, under certain circumstances, is marvelous. You may freeze them for ' months, desiccate them so that they look like powdered sugar or the bloom upon an overripe peadh, or even give them a baih of liquid air at a temper-
Good treatment has, of course, much to do with earlier breeding of all sheep. If they are poor and thin they will not show much desire for mating and sometimes it is impossible to bring them around with any kind of success.
per acre in the fall The clover aod must be
Since that time she
eggs into a bowl, with eight ounces maintain the feitility of tlie soil, 500 ¦ Ewes intended for early breeding
The base upon which you can ring o£ castor sugar, and whiak it over a pound* per acre should be applied should not be made to live out in. the	,	¦	_ I
the must changes is jelly. The follow- saucepan of boiling water for twenty either the following winter or early sun without any shelter from it in the	°l 2<W *rade, without in any
ing recipe is one which is invariably	minutes. Remove from the saucepan	spring. Where intensive culture is	! middle of the day except such as they	T** a£fectlng ,heir v,tallty dimin-
good. and jellies equally well in torrid	and stir in by degrees eight ounces	practioed, such as in the growing of	can find on I he shady side of a fence.	th<ur $X'"er f°r ®Tl1,
or in frigid weather.	of fine flour and eight ounces of but-	potatoes, tobacco and hops, the ap-	! Provide them with sufficient shade,	1 wat*r' on tiw ulhttr h;lndl le lnjstiinl|y
Half a box of sparkling gelatine,	ter; bake the mixture on a baking	plication may be increased to 31-3 tons,	good pasture and plenty of pure water	;**«' *° them So. almu, is even a weak
two scant cupfuls of sugur, half cup-	tin for half an hour ; when done turn	Where large amounts like this are ap-	through the summer, and then before	w>lutio0 ut cart,oho acid’
breed them At tllc inet‘tute	are
liberally Tm oau	taT ibe futl of the ,hin«' Kx'
thia will often help to bring PerinMnto « incalculable benefit to
them around and give the desired mankind are romtantW being made.
résulté. Always have a thorough- T1*	* atud,ed and re8,udled'
bred buck mt the head of the flock, Ul<iaaured' w*igl*d- generally "reck-but the flock itself should consist of UUtid U1>'” Until «verything that can be The ashes should be	grades. As they have better constitu-	^"ned a*'l,ut m "" learned. Only
thoroughly and uniformly mixed with	lions they will rustle better and prove	^ lht* author.‘tlee c<,aslder ,llpm'
boiling water to it, stil ling it	till the	cake smoothly with the icing, and de-	the surface soil. Where oa*y a small	more profitable. It is the early advea *” a pfwilion	to advise	the
gelatine is thoroughly dissolved, and	corate with halves of shelled walnuts,	amount is Lu be used, say 300 or WO	flocks of	lambs that pay the best, and l,rdiaar) prncù tuner	regardihg	the
then add the other ingredients. Ingredients : Four eggs, eight ounces pounds per tuoie, it us Iw.st to scatter early breeding Ls quite necessary fur ue T ^	°	\ ^ particular disease
Strain through a flannel bug and let of castor sugar, eight ounces of flour, it about the hill, working it in well, success. The ewes must be fed liber- :	^	,u*cm m‘D c ance to
it coo:. Before you serve score	it with j	eight ofcince# of butter. For the wal-	In no case put on heavy applications	ally and	intelligently until the lambs . ,tv1l|°ILSl J e* ^
e silver knife, and Ice* it in	a glass	nut icing: Two ounces of shelled wal-	near the plant, as the caustic effect ia	are born	and ready for market. We1, * a loratxiry is constant y	used
dish, if you have one; the jelly should nuts, two ounces of sugar, the yolks always injurious. As a general rule, cannot afford to lie niggardly in this I *	*	C°**^6C diagnosis
half a pint of milk, u f^ld crops, w hen ilie application respect. The little iambs relish roots **.	<>C °r s u tase 0 '
in tho fall and winter, and it pays to	& sends a bit of
have a sleek of thee, on band. 0o n»mbrane «raped from hie pat,ont'»
the whole, the roots seem to do them !	,1°	A	:
good, and they require lass nf more	«»« are able to
expensive food. The roots also help to	Y<XU"* * 8 <a“ °f trUe
keep the ewes in good condition.
T
count iy
great genius, »he has broken away from many useless contentions, and her work Ls always fresh and beau tiller subjects are chiefly flowers

fui

and birds.
Like the old masters of the Ren-nui-ame, e ery notable Japanese artist has a following in the shape of pupils, and Kimpu, though a (woman, has achieved the supreme triumph of her art in this man's land, for it has overcome customs and prejudice to such an extent that a number of men are among her pupils, receiving instruction from her and making duplicates or finishing her work.
This brave little artist, a pioneer in the higher education and position of women, stands for what Wilt borne time be possible fcr ail women in the progressive and beautiful empire of Japan.
ful juice and grated rind of one lemon, the cake on to a paper and out in plied, the application must be made a pinch of cinnamon, and one pint rounds about six inches in diameter
want to them
you
the full and winter previous, or at j feed least a part of it should be put in advance.


»

put the rounds of cake one on the
boding water
There is one poiul to be observed— other, with the walnut icing between; your water must be boiling, not al- mix eight uftinces of icing sugar with muet boiling but absolutely
gelatine should souk in half a cupful a stew pun until warm of cold water for perhaps two hours with the same kind of liquor as was before you make the jelly. Add the used for the walnut mixture, coat the
on

Iru any event, whether applied to field crops or to orchards, the application should be made some time ahead of planting
1
I he about, two tablespoonfuls of water in
and flavor


be pale yellow, clear and trembling. Df three egg Whipped cream makes a nice addition dessertspoonful of liquor to its tastiness, or a sufi OUStard is

is made iu the .spring, the ground is ploughed and the tushes scattered over
GOLD COLLAR.
tile surface, which is then harrowed and prepared thoroughly for seeding. Where the soil is deficient in phosphoric acid, it will pay to add to the application of ashes 500 to 500 pounds of bone.
agreeable, and makes a very nutritious d ab for a delicate person.
Should you be ambitious for artistic effects, « bunch of Malaga or black Hamburg grapes molded in the jelly is a beautiful dish. Fill the mtId partly, and cool it, then lay the grapes to carefully, snipping the stems with «essors; then fill up the mold.
Candied cherries, marrons, chopped nuts or grated macaroons, all make delicious fillings for the jelly. When you add the fru-its to the jelly It is celled Diplomatic Pudding.
Coffee Jelly and is m:i<le exactly like the lemon, except that you use a pint of liquid coffee, and only one tnbleepoonful of lemon juice. This is ved either with whipped cream, or plain cream and sugar.
If you have more of the clear jelly than you wish, before it begins to harden best it vigorously «nth aaegg-
ter; thin will make it whi’.„ and to our friends of that family.
DOG DAYS
A hollow gold collar of exquisite
workman-hip was recently dug up in diphtheria, or not, as the cane Bij j	soil on the On 1 way coast. It
be. It ia the aaone with any other germ-induced
Miniiril By K m.in* From the Fini:leu n
Ibr Hog Mar.
The dog days are dtiring the time off greatest heat, and were associated by the ancients with heat, and often with sickness. The Romans called the six or eight hottest weeks of summer " caniculares dies.” According to their theory, the dog star, or Sirius, rising with the sun, added to its heat, and the dog days bore the combined heat of the dmg star and the sun. The time is from July 3 to August 11.
Have you ever thought how many of our words in common use are taken
is in
two sections, with elaborate repousse <1 scone—leprosy, oun-1 c>rftament of eccentric curve*, it Ls sumption, enteric, plague, smallpox 0y the exact pattern ehow n un the and oc&rlet fever.	rude nculptu es of the anc eut Iri h
DROP Ob BLOOD NEEDED. * Kings, an I th* Bri l b Mu cum uuth-A fqicciuieu of the blood of the in-1 oritina have no doubt that it once was
For law us, where a heavy, vigorous growth ia always desirable, the grass plante must be well fed. The first spring, apply a heavy coating, three o four tone of wood ashes to begin with, and then every spring thereafter put on 500 pounds of ashes and a little bone, and the grams will have a dark green color, reeist the effect of drought and will crowd out th#
SMALLEST BOY
Kvrr Sere Wni Fount eu ike lleuuul
«
*	footed person Ls all that is required.
every |Htt| This, inclosed in the usual sterilized Diim*. but it «VM to identify jwrhape tube i, plec,(|
the emailest hoy of 16 that ham ever
been seen. Swami was found three
yen re ago on the Bengal Coast, in
Burmah. He measures 18 1-4 inches
in height, and tips the saole at only
12 1-2 pounds. He - has
Fat ma. 19 year# old, who is 19 inches
in height, and weighs 15 pounds and
3 ounces
worn by one of these loyal ravages. The Royal Dublin Academy is now enin an incubator, I gageti in a bitter fight with the Brit-»nd in the course of a few hours, if I Museum for the possession of this ihF disease be really present, the and other valuable relics found ia the typical bacilli of that particular ail-1 tame spot, ment will be found swarming, literally by the million in that one single drop of blood.
Swami" is not

•a sister
ESCAPED PASSENGERS.
Ma, these kittens ain't got a bit
sense.
Why. Dickie!
Well. fs< . 1 put 'em in my little the country, and the method by which I wagon, an wb*n T git to the corner
they are collected is beautiful in iU | hey ain’t !h
FIT THE COLLAR.
Almost invariably, if a horse that is worked regularly and whose shoulders should be reasonably hardened by the use, has sore shoulders, it ie because the collar does not fit
from the Latin, with their form very little changed? Our word canine is taken almost in its present form from the Lstin can is, and is almost as familiar a name to us as dog, in referring
Another use to which the institut#
is put is the testing of air samples lhe German professors at These come from factories, barracks, BerUn wbolMTe «en lhe dwart, iey|thnetree_ rival* bouMea< Ac._ all OTer that they are probably the two amallgggggg
est human beings in th# world
And in order
###PAGE###3###


r
T

f




l
\
i
hick, because it has been taught Iht*rn i	ihdt aeasiokneas Ih main y a mat I or uf
—	util voh,	and nerves are mainly	a mat-
SENT TO CHINA	BY	HUSTLING	1er u(	-will, ami if they are	sick it
LITTLE JAPAN.	counts	a day off their service,	and if
tbsy are very, very g	I i> 1
ai»i|» lin in « m |irr tii 11 > for rare of *kr	their names will bo sent to i h<*.
£mperwr# j	li th •1 v ,ni n*
NAME MEANS "SYMPATHY.”
TU II ikuai Maru is a fourteen-knot hbiv, able to do It» when pushed
accommodate -AM) patient», and
SOMüThlNÜ QUITE NEW-
ple trees dying from what, for w rt a better name, ha# been called *V ir-rot." The trouble usually beg rnwir thi- etui faoe of Uie ground, on ( de of the tree and enlarges yeai ,«sai until finally the tree dies. Ciu of th. t k nd where the spread of 11 disorder ia gradual are mont likely ,ecijr Lo Older trees ami the King ai
There can be no doubt me to the excellent quality and purity «4
FINK MD CROSS VH
LUDELLA
-3
, the fart that It in the people*' fe too rife, «hoe id dlmW noy queetv.n iu your mind ** to it< exoellenoo, If you have never trie.i it. 1>0 f-O. and you
will becomeb constant consumer.	|n tend Packets. 26 JO, 40, 50 end CiOe.
* FO
Weemded -II»» Mali el Velmileer M»r get*» «ml 1 mim«l Hune»-l,re»ical*i* ilrtln lu I a ml H»W trail» I lir World le lii>»l»llnl arrvlrr lor War.
The Japanese volunteer hospital ship fjukuni Muni which arrived at Tuku with a staff of 70 Red Cross mm
CEYLON (IREEN TEA
Seme flavor ee Japan, only morv delicious
bail a wft i ivr va i «jlto* mucin aepeciu i ,iu bio lu attack. In difttmciiou luth very gradual attack w« find other is u tance» in which Ureas are killed ou i.gilt in a buigla Naniii or at m ,u two or three. In caeca of thie k.ii the trouble m usually discovered ii tin; spring and im likely to be ci» Z.ui'xi to young tree». They m-iy 1» to leaf out in the spring but tli growth in sickly and yellow and th baik utfi the tree» *« found to he brow, and dead in patchy and «épurât« readily from the wood. In many cofcei Lhe Uu k in thus dead for Urn on tin d eviance around the tree and oftei
from the »urface of the ground to th. brunches. So far am 1 have observe*
these c-uiem are roost likely to occu
in young and thrifty orchards and tin
GravtvnëUûn suffers most.
Those who use the right Paints find a great deal ol pleasure in them made to give satisfaction, and certain to accomplish that
S he
lv Painting Pleasure
can
1mm all kind» of elabo fti - '"w"-monla for isolating infectiouH cubvm,
l'hwy are
*
On the Farm. >w <
4

*
arc


The vessel is well surgery9 a
ted, and fairly big ioe m log p un1
and cold Ht orage chambers for keeping
able aoquwitioii.
rorth! a virtit. It is the first ever
tTLTuTProvisions good In tte hottest wither.
I h ia a great boon In cases of im * * Th U.ikuai Maru may, how-no t stay here ail the time, for there may be many m >re than l (N) patients win cannot find room in i h • lien-
purpose

FILM NO THE SILO.
Whether crops should lw willed not before being put into eml also the degree to which they should be wilted, will depend largely <«i the nettniru 1 eucculcnoe in the crop and the stage at which it is cut. Corn cut at the proper stage may be put dvreotly into the silo, but corn less ^u mat.mre should be wilted more or Ihhh according as it is lacking in maturity. When but a limited quantity of calage is wanted, and where labor is not easily obtained, it may a omet i mes
ers cm be celle 1 out at abort notice	in	»•» "<“* built on the Cylde in 1888	^ w)w (o atare	cops -n	the eUo	in
ease of need; for Ju|mn is a land	of	by Lobuitz, and is the absolute pro-	(hc uncut	Uut	this	method	of
dreadful disasters, earthquakes and P^rty of the Ked Cro.,8 Society of etr.rmg them i« not adwaya practio-
ooea.sionalty throwing half	“»<* ¦“ ordinary times ra char- able
the nation into distress, requiring tered by the principal Japanese steam- jw wi„
Hwedy succor from the other half.	«bip companies for trading purposes.	m>my Wllya
T1». history of the nation has been	TU-i charier provides that she must	after it lLaa firat	been	run	thnmgh	a
ful.	of	the ferocities	of	mother nature,	ouiy go on short trips, such am to	cutling box.
h	few	cuuntritiH	have	been ho ruth-	Shanghai xa ml must be alvuya kept in	j The	i^gths	to which	the	food
therefore,	readiness to drop work at a moment’s	out	[n ye{	an	unsettled
notice and become a hôpital nh p	jK>;ot	jn fae,t|	it will	vary to	some
Thin time nhe effected the exlent with the otrupa.stored
H
RAMSAY’S
PAINTS
F
or
'ii.
the »Uo
M
gu
f
%»
tirely BU|>[»orted by voluntary sub Bcript Ions 'and independent of Government aid or control
the right paints, 1 bey well mixed, | ei manent
colors. They fresh, pleasing appearance
alter months and years of
ne. ta. ever,
an
1
A
Not an army or

are
)
retain their
navy olf cor U ou board, and hs r pen pie ure very prou'l of her.
The Hod Cross Society of Japan to be distinctly ahead of its kind
in m h -I countries me inkier A bp ia alx*ut 500,000, and it has u kmd of land we hr syatoin whereby a tremendous number of train* d work-
EJ
Tain Hospital or the ordinary army hospitals of the various forces that case she will steam over to Japan
She is, however, ready
m *
rkx
m
KCiua
exposure
It h standing
and return
A. RAMSAY & SC 13
Eet’d 18*2.
now to stay three months at her i*>st without running short of anything.
IWONTR.Al, Pa nt Makers
In order to arrive at any definite
gard to the ca i
conciuaion in r
th e disorder it is almost imperative that data he Mem e<l from as many cachardiets as posnible and all who»*-have suffered from a similar

" $200.00 in Cash, Free
In a la.rge majority of instances prove mure satisfactory in to store food in the silo
# O B T E R S
tilal wave»
>
tree:
disorder arc requested to send their n-ito the writer at Woifville. N.S., who will thi*» send them a liât of
E R
t L L U B
e
l
.	Wn will *lre the nljorn ewmd ro ;my ;
{ G E R K R U |.	! ,
l	.•	-A..
ntroduo» our firm quickly
We do not want One Cent of Your Money. This Contest is Free
re in who will cur name* of Two 11
reetk
trifcih
nt»> t-e
answers
re
an

HOUSE HINTS
Few,
lessly chastened
have dune so much to prepare for em-
srgenoiss, ami thftt Is probtWjf "by, again
wh hi the other countries have found transformation in the excellent time ^h j^ considered, however, short time to send soldiers and guns and of 7*i hours. The name Hakuai means length» In Uie fowl mit dure prefer-
huge engines of d*Ub and detUuclion,	^tblt^'exicUy	“l*!« to longer. They a.y be pack-
they; are less prompt with the means fixpr#.SKe8 the idea, hut this is the near- ed tighter and handled easier when of saving life and of healing the esl! [ can get. "H. ku” is broad, a 1- j feeding, than silage of longer lengths, wounds dhey make.	embracing; "ai ' is h^.p in suffering. ^jlof4a trorn one-half to three-fourths
JAVANS TOHESItiHT.	me»ing!" V." is”bo.om, of an Inch, of «uob hard ...tetano*
All whi travel in steamers know fmha<w.'entire *. and "¦ei" is support, as corn or sorghum stalks, are in
Intel in dlate
t

It is eusiur to make a fool of a good h<*ree th.m train him to b* a useful animal. And thune i» a wide differ-between breiking a horse and tench Lug him obedience. The former suggests his overjK>wering by strength
Ui» latter his
P
lies, ' rrifl them A c»rl A
h»?** *r i i» her routât» iv tii w y wish to try wHhutit nny rm A
As soon yi'iihave »-rs gel whU y ni suppôt ers thr <* -rre-t "I soil you will b sr Irnm us prompt if by retnm mill Tb"«s %* é	fiu u-1 t. .funrunnyl in g try'h * on- Al ' un «cure un ** srd r
r	,»i. f whstseer N V. Su |< yO© . B -x W, Orillis,	sn-1
AU
# W4
è
\
tilt*
*
AS EXPEDIENCE II VO TALK;HT
HER.
Farmei P — Thus ’en* paper say* they ain't nothin' f'r an appetite like a lon| tramp.
Ilis Wife—Land! they don’t know whit they’re ta kin’ a ho at one c’n eat just ez much.

favorable chances
and awkwardness
Jtudolph—If 1 ehould a?k old Bullions for his daughter's hand wh U du

quiet, gentle mastery.
Have a competent veterinarian ex
you t hink of my ch meet #
amine th" teeth of your horses every
yt-ar, after they are 5 ur 6 years old. | Harold—Very fair
ji u'h, h 1th an l a good oonstita-ti rn and -hoiild pull through with careful nursing.
w -,
You have
bow difficult it is to handle a si< k strengthen, revive.
favor with many Length» have been objected to because of the soreness of mouth sometimes induced in cattle, from biting on the
Many <1 g-stive trvubios are due to ini-proper mastication of food thoroughly can grind hi» feed with disordered teeth or gums
a stretcher in narrow
person on -gangways and cramped little calling. A ship built for ordinary trade can be fitted fur hospital work in a way; but, oh, the difference when the ship was designed for the purpose. Ordinary cabin duo is are not easy for a patient
A short
No horse
A Great Reputation
end* of the cuts rather than on the Slides of the same, which they must
or both
“ I Hav. Had
____MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTORY
The 11 Balmoral,” Fred Bus AVEN UE H OUSE-K»
P«f <l»y.
W I». c. 1044,
a« often is the case
HAS BEEN ACHIEVED BY DR. WILLIAMS' PINK PILLS.
Rheumatism for years, and Nervihne is th*1 nnlv remedy that his done me any good." so writes Thomas MHMash-an, Vin b Pel ha i is supported by thousands of others
\|lerienced the wonderftil-
bain subduing
Am PI si. Ü-S04 up.
Deeds do if the pieces are long.
The silo may be filled quickly and
without any interruption save that	paying investment for the aver-
which is m-wle by taking the usual tig,, firmer. The breeding of draft real required by (h«- workhends. Or,	wyi
it may be fi.led slowly and at intervals f(>r g^^l draft horses far exceeds the as may be convenient
vais of cessation in filling should not Wt.jj
An exjx-i 1 horse breeder re-nv< rks
a
11 oise breeding is now the
on a litter to enter; ordinary shps’ boats are cruel torture to wounded persons embarking. There are a hundred other difference# between a merchant vessel hastily transformed
lor this duty and a p designed sole* Thi reputation achieved by Dr
ly for this.	William»' rink	Pills not only in	at any time cover many days lest tin	act ng .< dingly.
The splendidly equipped vessels	now	Canada,	but throughout the world,	exposed silage should begin to decay. |	^ ^ ail right	to breed fillies
doing hospital work is South African real* upon a very solid basis, which UnLeea it is absolutely necessary to at 2 years of age. They will be nearly Qjg^t to your governess, like a good waters were nut ready	at the	out-	may Wi	summed	up in two words—	Wllit, after the silo has been partially	3	years old when the	colt comes, and	mt^	girl,	and	give	her	a	kiss,
break of the -war. They	took nearly	sterling	m. rit.	The Enterprise has	filled, for #om*‘ utln*r crop to mature.	that age ought to	be pretty nearly	l.i	|	puss—['ll	say good	night, but
three months to prepare and reach had ocoision to investigate a
nd h a 1
Not On If In <*nnrtH, Hill In Every I'lvlllic I Country Through#ua the World Uerll A lone lins yo:i I’ll!* Ilf «llr In» II* (,rrn( rnnnliifnrr Over I'oaiprtilor* Every a here
l'
rhe demand, who huv«
l*-S I
Day
ly penetrating and
f Nervi line—the great nerve
power pain cure
The inter-
A great many farmers are aware of these point# arid are
supply
CALVERT'S

Carbolic Olemfectante. Soape, Oint Tooth Powder», etc., have boon
A GOOD EXCUSE.
Mamma—Now go and say good
ment.
awarded 1UU medals and diploma* for HU|*#iior excellence. Their regular nee prevent iniectl-0U#1 diHea-tee. A*k >uur de»;er to obtain e supply. Lists mailed fret; on application.
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
ENGLAND
MANCHESTER
In such an event more or less of the	developed.	Some horses	do	not fully j won't	give	hax	a	kL-is.
Even England	never	her oi cures effected by this	medicine,	food will bo spoiled than was last put	deveJop until 5	off 6 years old, though	Mamma—That's	naughty!
believe thi# faot cuts no important 1	y<m give her u kiss?
The	United States, also,	though	least	these cures were wrought after	moV,*l before the filling of the silo is	figure in	the	mutter	of	breeding
well supplied with excellent hos-	other	medicine# had failed	even to	reeumo(|. When but a short period is	fillies.
Recently another cute covered in filling the silo, although it If a horse could apeak he would at	Mamma—Now |
notice that cannot	ba filled to the brim, it will not times remonstrate against the treat-	^VcIL mummy, if you
don't believe me—ask pupa
nuin-

Why
their post
went so far as to build ships in readi- aud( know# that in some instances at jntt> silo. Thi# ought to be re-
Brass Band
we
Little Puss—li c i use she si a ps people's face# when th-y try to kiss her.
don't talk nonsense;
ZXViH
BOW,
pilai vessels like the Re l ef and Solace, give re.Lef cruising from port to port in the on me under Phil queues picking up th* sufferers, fail to increase the popularity of ^main full
month or Dr. William-' Pink 1'ills in the local-
instrument*. Drum», Uniforms, Etc
out
Every Town can have a Band
ment accorded him by hi# masters.
The silage will continue to	settle	Fur instance when driven to a stag- ^
after	the	war	with	Spain	had	be-	ity	in which it	occurred, and	a» we	wverai	days, so that a large	space	nant pood or muddy creek for a drink
gun, and even then hud only make- oan vouch for the facts, it may well w|,j ^ vacant above the silage, would be one occasion for him to ex-, Know from experience that Tut-shift equipments. The Japanese have bring hupe to suffeiers ei.sewhere.	Where two silos are to be filled that press his diapLeasfR. But he can- najn*s Painless Corn Extractor is the
already two, and two others are near- (Mr. Walter H. Johnston is one of	near at hand, the difficulty will not speak and apparently his master, only remedy to be relied upon for the
ly 'finished. The young nation, pupil the best known residents of the ^ partially uwt by filling both at j in too many cases, cannot see, and tra^°" °f fhrcmohoiü'lhe 'lamin' of the West,	is	outstripping	its	teach-	northern «cl ion	of Wueens	county-.	^	tin|e# ^ ^ to 8ay,	by fill-I ,he result is the faithful beast drinks	fj*1'Be sure	to	get	Putnams sure-pof
lit*	tesides in L	tov\n o	et unit,	^ ^ (me	jn part and then the other in	waletr with a green ekum on it, from ,	corn	cure.	At	di Hers	everywhere.
alternations until both n «hallow pond teeming with nil
or from a milk-
'
ted. Fiu- oatwl'.gue 500 illus t# ue for Anything tn
Music or Musical Instruments.
Toronto, " I, end
Winnipeg, Ms»
Low«at prive» ever tritium muled free
Si
had none ready until a

PEOPLE IN THE NORTH-WEST
more
1
Whaley Royce & Lo.,
«
New imnor*»tienF flnenf FogUnb
, Flog C einLii—reliable good* si Itl.Af K« KLL à VO.. Toronto
Sausage Casings
8hf-» p si d A
r h* vire*.
PA!

OR SAL*—CHOICE FARMS. BRUCE County, Out Write for p*rticu,sr>, Jsrnee K. Stcwsrl,
E
rirs in this laudable work.
One gentle, smiling old man, surgeon, who was probably a two a worded firc-eatlng swashbuckler in and mail
a where he keep» a hotel, and also
csrdine, Ont.
successive .1 -,• full. More t ine La thus given f->.
X
runs a stage that carries passengers
between that town and
In South Australia a mine of na tural india-rubber has been lately dis covered.
kinds of “animais
warm creek or hr h tbit happen» the silage to settle.	to handy. Uo«xl water is abundant
The proper distribution of the food everywhere; if not on the surface it
is beneath only a few feet perhaps. Dig it out from the .bosom of the earth and enjoy the bounties of nature.
I AH / MILLS, MILLS Sc HALES,
£\	„. ? > V	Bsrri-iHrf,etc.
i «* 4 V- Ï! Renvf'Ut"- W^wley Buihlmgs, »v » w w Hk-brno dMt W., Toruoto.
/Liverpool, a distance of some thirty
his younger days, said:
'In. a few du>s will oune ten or
thousand soldiers of our water recently, on which occasion he
paper the

Mr. Johnson was in Bi idge-
miles
in the silo is a matteir of no slight im
TO <TR6 A ( OLII IN <> • F HAT
TskeLeiatiwe Bromo Quinine Tabl< u. All drug^bu refuad the money if K l»i«a to cure. K W Urovee i(goafure I» on each box

I

•Till
twenty
army, but we om:d not send soldiers gave a reporter of this
Oh, following facts:	About three years
He had
•iii
When it is allowed to fall
purtonoe ^ from the carriers which convey it to
Mi
25c
til! we first have hospital ship
have kerned much from West- “go he "iti taken very ill
th* best of medical attendance, but
rtiiTirifi
i
*
the
the silo, the ratios mes up un centre in the shape of a cone. From this cone the fotxl rolls down toward the side» of the silo. But in doing so. the Lighter portions, a# for instance the Loaves of corn, are forced outward by the heavier portions, as the grain 1 stem. The quality of the silage,
therefore, on frequently inferior to that in and near the center of the same, especial-
We are III receipt of the following Dear editor —our cow has
yes, we
em
are glad to
il is a beautiful lit- made very lit tie progress towards round the doctor told him
POULTRY, RUTTER, EGGS, APPLES,
inquii
gone dry, do you think we could sell hor for dried bue.f ? if so, w he ir i
Think it over
Woman’s
Weakness
*n.l other l’KOÜl < K. to eu»ure bt-H ree-ilt* cuonign to
The Odwsoq Commission Co., Limited,
Cor. West-Market & Coiberne St., Toronto,
tie Lit of satire, but ho did not know, oovery tie really believes all L_„
hlspital ships ready in peace time and would bo ab e h» ie u n to his for-bend them to war before sending the mer work. The trouble appeared to
“Glad to learn," ho said; &,ve	ik-elf in hi; kidneys, and *
nations have there was very little hope that he
FOR OVER FIFTY YHARS
MRS. WINSLOWS SOOT HI NO HYItUP hu been lined by mothers for lliHr children tee. hmg. It *oe he the child, soften* the gutus, allayi |mm, cures wind colic and Is the I«ut mo-ay fur ui* rh«e«. 2f>c a IwtUe Bold hy ad dr'igg s's thruugtiou the world tie sure lion, end at.lt for “ Mrs Wms.ow a Southing Syiup "	____
Books, z .sat les, Cru.
oifuea, Scapulars, id Churoh Urnamenla-
Catholic Prayer
l:trluiou> Picturus, htatu.try, a E.IULitional W.rhs. Mail or«Ur r#^ei*e prompt «ittee,
0. & J. 8A0LIER & CO., Montreal.
«y
fighters and—teach,
KIND AND GENTLE NURSES
the outer edges is
for eight weeks or more he waa confined to bed. He suffered greatly

"
A woman’s reproductive organs are in the most intense and continuous sympathy with her kidneys. The slight est disorderinthe kidneys brings about a corresponding disease it the reproductive org Dodd's KiUnev Pills, by restoring the kidney# to their perfect condition, prevent and cure those fearful disorders peculiar to women. Pale young girls, worn-out
suffering wives and women entering upon the Change of Life, your best friend ie
and Sheet Itetal Works.
ROOFING HLaTI, lu Biw*. Red ur Ortcr.. SLATE BLACKBOARD# (W* «W» Pub ic *u<i Iligh ScbuuU.Toroijio) Rooftuf f foal T.ir oio ROOFING TILE IS • Ne» Ouy bmllS ings, Tor uto, done by our 6rm). Metal Oeitlnge. Oea iile -fc.Ko. K-tiiu iUi furoLbad for w .rfc o output-* or I ntait-rialseh pnêd »o auy part of iheemiatry Phoot IPS C. OVTMIEA SONS, Adelaide» WldmerSts.,Tersalft
ROOFING
little maidens f,um constant pains in the back, his
H***
=
national costume would emphasize in all respects hie health was better •*> admitted, .with the result th but- disguised in unXuiliar drew it is titan it had been (ou- years. Since much of the mass on the outer edges startling, in its incongruity. Think 'that time he has been continually will be «potled. boss from this source of Apollo in trousers I Our style of driving his ooioh between Caledonia may bemvvented by first distnbut-dress may suit us, but certainly not gn#d Liverpool, and has not hid the i^8 tlfe fix>l evenly during the li.mig
of the BiIo. and then Liamp.ng it so
Snnrley—How did Jingso get run ove r *
Yow—He was stooping lo pick up a horkeshoe for luck.
Here a re'a dozen
If

a.
There l* more Catarrh in this section of the country than all other dieeu^ee » ut to.ether,
EHSE5SSS THE NIMMO and HARRISON
remedies, and by eo Klantly i lung to* U e with pflclàlCQQ local t eutnienL pronounced it iucurao.e S?i- wU JmNC J J ence haa prtven catarrh to be a con tüiiuona	PUllDTdAMll
disease, and therefore requires conn'ilutionu! ,	uHUn I slHIiU
O. O. F. Bulldhg, Toronto.
¦alltutieBBl cure ou tue market, II is take»*	—	,,	.
Internally In dose*from lu drops to a te.-poon- . Gbe* a mont thorough course of .nclividnai ful It «.eiedirdt tly oo the bluo i and mucous Instruction in all Business and Civil Service surfaces of the system. Tuey offer one bund- Subjects, Sherlhand, Typewriting, f to. reo do Ur* for any ca*e it Ml* to cure, bend | Kxpert experienced touchent, equipment and
,0r	‘"F. ^'lHKNK Y * CO., ToUfio, 0 !	^ """
Sold by Druggist», 75c.
Hall's Family Fill# are the best.
ans.
I
and
COLLEGE
mothers
Dodd’s
Kidney
The Canada Permanent ana Western Canada
Mortgage Corporation,
Others.
fcJLghtwt return of the trouble, not-These quaint little creatures are a withstanding that he has to fact» at that the impact Lon of the maw will revelation of modernehb. They have
GRAND BOOTJACK OF SCOTLAND
Pills

Lord Roth»**. Grand Bootjack to the sovereign of Scotland, will soon land In Am(trim on a visit. His title is handed down from him remote fore-
It*merit weather, that be about equal in all parts of the *ilo
time# very i
all been to high-class colleges, nye.ht Wvll	an a return of the The amount of trumping required will
l»»r»t English and medicine, and tuimble had not fck system been so be leant in the iter of the silo and practical nursing up to date
ambition is to be of service in case the aso 0f Dr. Williams' Pinjk Pills any of the PurQfMtt or Amer 1C»» if the blood U pore and( wholesome the food mrty be facilitated by the inor Peking <| iflBæe	WÊÊftÊÊÊ^KKÊ^ÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊfÊÊÊÊtÊfÊfKÊÊÊÊÊÊ
are sick or injured. And they bear ^y Dr. Williams' Pink Pills cure so _ consists of a platform or table made themselves with a meekness quite un-	(arms 0f dfcveaae is that they of board* and suspended far upward
kimu n in the West, quite Scriptural tt(>t <yjpeotly upon the I»1 «> l and in the eilo and equally dint ant from in its humility. If a man walks past them on the deck of the ship they all rise at onoe and bow respectfully;
ES
The Army death-rate i> lower in 1 Great Britain thin in any other coun- bears, whoee duly it was to see that In France it is nearly six time* the Scottish sovereign did not go to
bed with his boots on.
Their
btirongly fortifie I against it through greatest on the outer edge*.
In e Large silo the d lbutlOO < f
Canada Permanent Building
Toronto St., TORONTO.
Head
Office—
Bail* cm OrricEM
Winnipeg, Man., Vancouver, ¦ 0., St. John, M.ft
trv

as high
It
The reason tToduction of a simple device
exist
cJ/rtu/
Capital Raid Up, $6,000,000 Reserve Fund,

1,500,000
JttA-nsrrvys

neirmi, thaï reaching the root of the lte walla The food falls from the car-
ffiSHSKS
la and kindred disease*. But be sure
you get the genuine which he ir the ! COLLAR ROT OF APPLE TREES full nam» Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pila People on the wrapper around every box.

ahXL'
Money to Loan.
Deposit# Received and Intvresl Allowed
JiMAe/
Presidem—•
George Ceoderham.
, 1st Vic* Pm-Mt-nt aud Chairman of Fsecutite Commit**
J Herbert Mason.
ÎD'l VSve-Presuleiit-
W. H. Beatty.

-/M/w
and. if their lady matron, a graduate of the highest colleges in Toky has occasion to go and speak to an officer of" the shipt perhaps about the


Debentures Issued in Sterling and C rency.
X-ray gear going
begins with a most profound bow,
whdîh be acknowledges with a faint Not one of Harm dared he sen-
General Manager
Walter I Lee.
Far a number of years post orchar-diatft of the province have notifttxi ap-
nod
am r:kfc4d? I
###PAGE###4###

1

v7








\
<
THE EQUITY.
School Books
Removal I
THE MARKETS.
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . s #
SHAWVILLE. SEPT. 27, 1900.
SHAWVILLE.
-and-
DALE BROS.
Wheat, old, (standard) 7.7 to 77t “ m w
School Supplies.
70 to 7.V
EDITORIAL NOTES.
Oats per bushel, 20 to 2Mv. Pease per bushel, 00 to fto< The moat gigantic strike in the history | Kggs, per dozen, 12<
of the 1 nited States coal region is now
Farmers !
HAVE
REMOVED THEIR
Butter, per pound, 17 I Wool, per pound. Id to is Pelts, cueh, 1.7 to 7.7e,
IS
We have just received
A FULL STOCK
going on.
When you are in Shaw-ville call in and see our
Tinware Shop
Calfskins, 10 I
The end of the Transvaal war is i x Pvcted to be declared in a day or two.
e | aii«l are able to .supply all the necessaries
for St bool.
Stopping Place to Rent
to the premises on
The Liberals are making a desperate at
Scribblers and
tempt to retain Brandon for the discredit
ed Sifton, by approaching prominent Cun- j well-equipped stopping place on John Bull
Creek, l.’pper C.mlonge. The premises afford good accommodai Ion, which includes stabling for lifu si\teams. \\ ill I*1 rented already stocked with supplies foi ing winter's travel, or without, as lvs>v«
lor further particulars apply
CHUlttiK CHAWFOHl).
Otter Lake.
The undersigned oilers to K*t his large
Plows. Pickanock Street
recently purchased by them and recently occupied by G, W. Swntmnn.
Exercise BooKs.
aervativee uf the riding and ottering to buy them off with fancy sums and promises of government positions.
Th
signs arv patriotic ami warlike ami wv have made war on the price.-.
The VERITY PLOW CO.,
Limited, Brantford, whose plow we keep on hand, has been awarded the
COLD MEDAL at the I *'><• prepared a*. usual to execute all onlera
in t lie jobbing line in n prompt and
Paris (France) Exposition, I satisfactory manner.
1900, in recognition of the superior excellence of their plows.
com
Pencils,
Pens, Inks, Pencil Boxes, &c., &c.
The elections for the Imperial House I may dc-dn of Commons are now on and it seems to | to
( ustomvrs will find us with
be a foregone conclusion that Lord Salisbury a government will be sustained by a large majority.
A full line of Goods
For Sale!
Pure bred \\rshire Bull lias taken l>t Sir Charles Tupper, Hon. Hugh John I	|M " Kxl,il’i,k>“ ***' tw0
Macdonald and Lion. Geo. E. Forster, |	JAS. ARMSTRONG,
closed their Ontario tour at Stratford on Saturday, and everywhere met with a cordial and most enthusiastic reception.
You can gel anything necessary for school at our store.
DALE BROS.
Green Lake
WK HAVE ALSO RECEIVED A FELL LINE OF
Farm for Sale
Being 1.01 14 on the 10th range of Clar .	I endon, containing 100 acres, more or less.
At the Liberal convention held in | Al>out 27 acres cleared and a small house
erected thereon. For full particulars ap ply to JOHN RICHARDSON,
8th Range Clarendon,
Shaw ville 1\ O.
CEO. HYNES,
STATIONERY,
NOTE PAPERS, ENVELOPES.
North Renfrew last week Mr. Thomas
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER.
SHAWVILLE, . - QUE.
Murray is reported to have stated in a speech on that occasion that he 41 was not wooing the nomination for Pontiac county, but the county was wooing him.”
If Mr. Murray is correctly reported, ' Public Notice U hereby given to all pro
times have wonderfully changed in his Prêtons of real eatate and resident house ..	.. m.	/	., . holders of this Municipality that the Col-
estimation. The record proves that Mr. lection Roll of School Taxes as establlshctl
Murray has made several amourous at- *\> 1 he St 1uh>1 Commissioners of this Muni ..... f ....	. cipality has been made and completed, and
tempts to win tho favor of this county, that it now is and will remain in my po>-
and on each occasion, save one, ho met ÿ88*on for inspection by parties interested
m,	.. during thirty days from this notice, dur-
me exception , big which time it max lie amended. Any
SMART & SMITH.
WRITING TABLETS,
Public Notice.

ETC.
P. S.--Machine Oils and Mill Teeth.
Call and examine our stock and lie convinced that the right place to buy .. .. is at the ..	..
A large, w ell selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
We are Agents for
The Winchester
DRUG STORE,
with an inglorious rebuff.
occurred when a division in the Conserva | ratepayer may. during the said delay complain of such roll, which shall lie taken into consideration and homologated with tion, which represented a vote consider- I (\v without amendment at the meeting of
ably in the minority of that which	f	'n, 'im« Cv
polled.	such meetings are usually held, at the
1 hour of eight o'clock in the evening; hut such delà) expired it shall romc into force and every person interested after having taken cognizance thereof, if lie so desire, tically impossible fur tho Dominion elec- 'hull pax the amount of his taxes to the
undersigned at his otlice within the txven-t) day - follow ing t he said delay .-i t hilly vember, but there seems no doubt from | days xxithout further notice.
the information that journal furnishes j n,ô'i 111*>‘of'it-vt"nit'vI'.'l<Vl ‘	°f
that active preparations are going on for I	II. LANG, St
holding them sometime before very long,
certainly before another session is held. ^ Murray is such a wonderfully superior It seems that dissolution of Parliament
I also kei p a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
SHAWVILLE.
4
tire ranks enabled him to secure an elec-
a
Rifle

~	.38 - 5 5
BALLARD & MARLIN
OPPOSITE McGUIRE’S HOTEL.



¦Mr. Tkos Mackie, the present
S xX Hm-fTew^nd 1iîy C.e a	| W i n c h este r loaded Shot Shells, 16,12 and
10 Gauge, slightly discolored, at $1.50 per hundred.
60 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
mem
I
The Ottawa Journal thinks it is prac*
i
Cool has been similarly honored by the Liberals of Nipissing district.
MINTS
tions to be held before the month of No
Mr. .1 ul ius Sc re i be r, the Liberal
ropre
sen tat ve of Huntingdon county, who has represented the same constituency longer than any other man in Canadian public life, has informed 1rs constituents that he will not again seek re-election. Mr. Screiber is one of the old Liberals who seems to have become disgusted at the “new methods of the Tarte-Sifton-
IV|cDOUGALL and CUZNEI^S Hardware Stores,
Trade Marks Designs Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch and description may quickly incertain our opinion free whether an Invention is probably putcntnhle. Coiomanlca tIons strictly «'onfldeiitlal. Handbook on Palet,ta sont free Oldest agency for securing patenta.
Patents taken through Munn A Co. receive iprcUti tiotkf, without charge, In the
Irens.
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
man as the Observer makes him out ?<• be, cannot take piace until the tiovernor. it certainly seems extraordinary that he “ General returns from the west, and his
Scientific American.
gentleman of the ^hiir combination
was passed over for a
arriva! ia not expected for a week or two cal.bre of Mr. Monroe, who has nothing j Xo matter how badly Clifford S.fton i.
yet. Besides this the l .erk of tho Crown to recommend him for the position he ; beaten in Brandon the Globe will be sure
in ( hancery has a great amount of work now holds beyond the fact that he lias ®ay tHat lie did very well for a boy.—
Toronto Telegram.
Canada’s Sons Kopje and Veldt
Just
A handsomely illustrated weekly, i.argent clr* culatlon of any aclenuflc Journal. Terms. |3 a
•1. Sold by all newsdealer*.
Published
oar
361 Broadway. ^|gyy YQ|j(
Branch OtHco 826 K 8t. Washington. D. Ç.
to perform in preparing the lists and the j hll(1 a 8trei)k of good luck necessary instructions for the returning | aD<| lna(j0 officers
on
In* contracting
some money, and who pro I The worst ff >od in the history of the bably never would have been heard 0f Colorado river was reported to be in pro-
|	tt^
Marchand <>f this pro\ nice, has inb rfered construction of the Canadian Pacific Rail-1 Marble Falls - had already met that fate, with a plan to hold local elections before
the Dominion, in order that the prestige
of the Laurier Government could be used
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
An authentic account of the Canadian Contingenta in the South African War. By T. G. Marqis, B. A.
Principal Grant, L, L. D. Based
Introduction l>y Very Rev. 1	- flicial despatches of
Lieut.-Col. 0 ter and other commanding officers at the front plete in "ne Volume, :A)0 pages, iici.lv illustrated, only $1.50. Agents coining money. GET FREE PROSPECTES.
« n
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
Cuta-
way
the Canadien Orecar and Storekeeper The Hardware and Matai Merchant he Dry Goods Review The Bookseller end Stationer.
THEY ARE DISGUSTED.
Nanaimo Grits say the Laurier Government hae^eceived the
Weir
Dr. Morrison, the Pekin correspondent
of the London Times, confirms the reports
tain power, and in turn the local machine I of the treachery of the Chinese govern-
would throw in its weight to help Tarte | "^;nt and the issuance of imperial decrees
ordering the extermination of foreigners.
“ The imperial troops,” he says, 14 mined] Nanaimo, B. C., Sept. 24.—The Lib I the British legation, and probably an I eral convention held on Saturday night! enfeebled health, with no hopes of his be | other day there would have been a terrible nominated Wm. Sloan, commonly known
explosion Akaimilar mine, made by the :	King of the Klondike, as an indepen-
Chinese impwial troops, exploded in the 1 dent supporter of the Liberal Govern-
Liberal hold of the législature, as there | native Christians. The most profound . luttons to ascertain whether the conyen
seems nobody presently in sight who can I indignation is felt here that Sir Chin Chen 1 tion was prepared to give a loyal support
take his place and succeed, lienee the Lofengluh and Vu 1 mg Fang, whose o the Laurier Government.
hesitancy of the management in making ' "hamc.,e,83 'ies, a,‘d transmissions of h-gus Finding the convention, by a huge
,. ,	, .	. ..	n j imperial edicts delayed the departure of1 Jonty, hostile to the Lturier administra-
a move which may end in failure.	I the relief column until nearly too late, | tion on tne vital points of Asiatic policy
are still received with honor in London j and railway domination in the west, Mr. and Washington.''	| McKechnie left the meeting, saying he
could not remain in a convention which was not loyal to the government.
Tully, Boyce and others insisted that no straight Liberal candidate could hope for election in this district after the disgraceful manner in which the Laurier ministry had broken its Chinese immigration promises.
in assisting tho (Quebec Liberals to main
The Bradley-Garretson Co., Limited,
BRANTFORD, ONT.
Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
win the province for Launer'sbusiness-is-business government. Mr. Marchandé
ing able to remain in oik ce, is regarded as having a very weakening effect upen tl •
.303 Calibre.
1

&
Mf /
>


Savage Magazine Rifle.
ma


THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Only Emmeries Smokeless 6-Shooter.
The Renfrew Journal has this to say |	__^_
anent the advocacy of Thomas Murray j CORRESPONDENCE.
for the representation of this county by the Pembroke Observer
Finest and safest rifle ever made for large or small game.
Write fur complete l'.KW Catalogue.
One rifle takes six different cartridges. Point Blank Range for Hunting.
CAB ARMS OO-, VT1CA. N. Y., U. 8. AMERICA.
RADFORD.
The Pembroke Observer is just now
as sstfssgr £ jpi sm»rMr T-
Mr. Murray or faith m hi, ability a. a We are glad to ,ay that our new church legislator, is at the bottom of the Ob- at Radford i, growing very fa,t. It will aerver, zeal to get Mr. Murray to run ,oon be an ornime„t to Itadford. Great
in the county across the river.	credit is due to the noble hearted souls I St. Denis, Richelieu River, Que., Sept.
When Mr. Murray a name was mention- that contributed to such a fine building. 24.—In the presence of a large crowd
ed in connection with the election of a jf a. W. Chamberlain continues at his which had assembled after church yeater-successor to the late A. T. Vhite^the Ob- J skilful work as he has done, no doubt it day afternoon, A. Bergeron, a farmer, server trotted out Mr.	Munro at	the first	| wln be a flne	church.	shot and killed his brother-in law, Pierre
sound of the trumpet, andl in	previous	Mrs. J. H.	Ralph leaves	Ottawa	this	' Perron, as the outcome of a quarrel. The
contests in North Renfrew the ^server I week for the west; also Mr. and Mrs. I slayer then went to Bailiff Rolland'» ,
gave unmistakeable signs that Mr. Mur- Moses McCord.	home and asked for a warrant for Per | This Well-kllOWn ami reliable
ray was net ita choice.	It would	thus ap-	We are sorry to state that	our	neighbor	ron'sarrest, believing that the bullet from
pear that the < ‘bseru r	would bu	satisfied	ja8 Howard,	is very ill.	He	had	two	his revolver had not made a fatal wound,
that Mr. Murray should be run in any doctors with him on Sunday.	; and he feared that he might later be way-
constituency outside North Renfrew.	Browny. ! laid. While explaining his case to the
But here Mr Murray is assigned the la-	___________________ officer, a courier had been hurriedly des-
which other, gather the harvest He i, |	GREERMOUNT.	üîhSm Holland that" Perron la^'deich
the man with the Hoe m North Renfrew	.	, The slayer was promptly placed under ar-
Liberahsm. 1 he Observer does not tire The many friends of Mrs. Jas. Ebert rest and later taken to ioil at u.,a now of setting forth Mr. Murray’s popu-1 will be glad to hear that she is improv-1 cinthe, where he will awLt the verdict of ianty m Pontiac. His services in the: mg. She has been suffering for the past 1 the coroner’s jury campaign in North Renfrew will doubt-1 two weeks from inflammation.	J
less be utilized to the fullest, but if he j We are glad to state that Mrs. J. Hod-wants any reward he must seek it in Ron- j gins, who very unfortunately hurt her . And the Observer probably voices knee by falling, is gradually improving, the opinion of a largo section of the Lib Mr. J. Judd and his wife attended the j Fairbault Minn Sept 23—Mm're era!, of North Renfrew."	Ottawa exhibition last week. Hi, bro detail, have reached here of a terrible
Just eo. Mr. Murray i, held up as a | ther Andrew, who at,o attended the fair, catastrophe which Waited the village of
very excellent representative for this	c.ollectin6 Morriitown, 10 mile* west of here, abort-
county, but it looks suspiciously clear that ' tract, succeeded in getting a partner- n ! ülage wm atruck’by a'cyclonernda blrn
he is not the exact thing for the Liberals	fair damsel not for the contract, but for	was raised in the air ane dropped directly j will	be	found	choice and	complete in ever)
of North Renfrew. There is either a	j1»0» and their many friends wish them a	on top of Paul Gatzke’s saloon, where 16	respect,	and	at	money-saving prices,
good deal in what the Journal says, or	,h?PPy and ProflPeroua gurney through	people had taken refuge from the storm
th j (tbserver is anxious to have two re ! Notwithstanding the very unfavorable ! panU^were °burilin'"he*debn.e Tu. presentatives In the House of Commons	weather the box social at Greermount	said that eight dead bodies and three In-
from the town of Pembroke. If Mr.	Pme(l of successfully,	Pansy,	jured persons were taken from the ruins.
PONTIAC
THIS IS THE SEASON
FOR '—
Ice Cream,
Fresh Fruit,
Choice Candies, Confectionery, &c.,
J^O DIFFERENCE.
t,
WOOLLEN
•t
Murder at St Denis
The fact that the name of
our place of business has been changed from Park man to Starke's Corners makes no difference with us.
We are still in the old stand, doing business on the same fair, square dealing lines and ever ready to meet the requirements of our customers.
During the present season we wish to direct special attention to our
NEW AND COMPLET»
STOCK OF
MILLS.
0
All to be had at the popular Fruit and Grocery Store—
establishment will be found this season fully prepared as usual to meet the requirements of the farmers of the county.
D. WILSON’S
I
9
MAIN STREET. SHAWVILLE,
Summer
i
FRESH and CURED

Our stock of Clotf)
Including nil the finest makes in
Goods
MEATS
V
Eight were Killed.
SERGES
which embrace a varied assortment of the newest lines in the market, and only need examination to recoin ¦ mend them to customers.
tiac
9
TWEEDS
of all kinds at
9
WORSTEDS,
&c. &c.
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. 0. McGUIRE,
TEAS! TEAS!
# # #	e e #

9
Our stock of Teas stand unsurpassed In quality and price. It will pay you to give them a trial.
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE’S CORNERS.
’ A CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
A. HODCINS.
PROROPRIETOR. |
Proprietor.
9
###PAGE###5###
y
)
f
s
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No *76.
An Early Glimpse of
8 I.Ô.E
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests. ! f?
PUBLISHED EVERY TIIVKHUAY
AT 8H AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION— $1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper «topped until nil arrearage* e paid, it il I e a* by special arrangement with * ubllsher.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
m
Meet* tho 4th Wednesday of every mouth.
Court due*must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited
Fall...
Goods
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
rt,B.c
J. A. Cowan, It fl
A. SMILEY, Prop.
Fall Ploughing
H. H. Haknktt, F.S
J- W. Eadfm, U. K
ADVERTISING RATES :
Legal advertising, eight cent* per line for first Insertion and four cent» per Hue tor each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at I1.0U per year.
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
84 Nepean St., Ottawa, Ont
flew Dress Goods flew Silks flew Hosiery flew Underwear flew Cloves
New Blankets New Comforters New Marjtle Cloths New Jackets New Capes.

will soon be in order, and farmers need not be told that it is decidedly to their advantage to provide themselves with a first class Plough before they begin.
See our
Latest Improved
fo?o,r,:ïo,pNrî;:!:r!i,tnrLby'he monih
which will be given on application.
Adverttnement* received without luntrue-U..nij accompanying them will he limer led until forbidden and charged for accordingly
i CommU,lon Bu,ine- * s«-ccuit>-
•fata per Hue	J
CONS H ; NM ENTS SOL ICITEI >.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns-
en
hi low rale*

Rbkkkks
l)rhln Murphy, Pro*. Ottvw.i Transi K. W Avery., Hull Lumber C...
.1. T. Shlrritt, E It. Eddy Co. I<atdiford At McDougall, Ikrriatera, John Henvy A Moiw.
H N. Bate & Son,
I'l
JOB PRINTING.
All kind» of Job Printing neatly end rhenplyexecuteU. Order « by mall promptly ft tlf Oiled lu»
JOHN A. COWAN,
Pobllaber.
This is of where
We have an immense
range
Ladies’ Jackets and Capes
to select from.
S
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN SNjlTff, Proprietor.
we
Ridiqg Plow
Shine !
Business Cards.
All the leading shades are to be found in the selection—Dewey Blue, Emerald Green, Black
Navy, Brown and Fawn.
MEDICAL
F. M.A.McHaughtoq, M.D.,C.M. The *pot spot for -
A Fashionable Hair Cut Good Shampoo, ok A Clean Shave.
)
Manufactured by the Perrin Plow Co.
IV|ade in several styles to suit all kinds of soil.
The Most Complete Implement yet Offered.
A. SMILEY -"SHAWVILLE.
Graduate of McGill University,*
Office—Rv*(denee of the late Dr. II. H Knox, Shiiwville.
Our Dress Goods
values. As usual we enjoy the reputation
of being Leaders in HIGH-CLASS DRESS GOODS.
Tweed Skirts are the Correct Thing
For Fall wear. We show a nice line in Plaids Stripes and the popular plain Homespun.
(Blouses to match.)
ur Your Turn next
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D, C. M.,
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Omce awn Rimumci : J. II Akmstiomo’* Ilouetc, MAIN STREET
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
end
P. S.—Stylish Rigs and Harness.
SHAWVILLE
n »
JEWELLER

LEGAL.
K BRPfl
A SELECT STOCK Of
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY, SILVERWARE «te. Ac.
BODRBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L
1
fT
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
WILL VISIT SHAWVILLE EVERY MONDAY
)

?
?
?
u

m
llEPAIRtWO
\
THE IMPROVED
Alpha de Laval
a Speciality
WM. GAMBLE,

SHAWVILLE, 8
Ready-made Clothing-.
BARRISTER, &c„
Boom Trust Building. No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At ahawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
‘iflîce-over G. F. Hodglus’ Store, Main St.
District and Country
| Wf) show for Fall trade the finest assortment of up-to-date and popular priced Ready-made
Clothing in the County.
I
i
A Johannesburg despatch says Loid Roberts will start for hon e on September

UC
BABY No. 1
will save you $10 per cow
per year-
P. S.—Rifles, Breech and Muzzle-loading Shot! The prices are net at list t0
Œuns, Ammunition, &C-	| one and all alike
discount
CEO. C. WRIGHT, "
St. John s Nfld., September 18.—From every quarter of Newfoundland reports of marine disasters during list week's gale pour in. So far 82 schooners are reported ashore or foundered, over 100 mi n being damatzed. Nearly 50 lives are known to have been lost.
i
!
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C
OF THE PKoVINl K OF QULTttX
Trust Building—

V
V
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa
Rhone No. 1173
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
110
After four years of office Sir Wilfrid finds bin self altogether on the defensive.
His platform includes no reforms. All | Five Hundred Canadians coming
he does is to defend himself. None of !	Home.
Clerk of the District Magistrate»' Court, I the numerous promises made in 18%
S8*-	| æ
EipSfÎM ! saSSS
Lihu al party has petered out. It has for- j vice terminates about October 20th, have felted all ots,m to the support of the elec elected to take their discharge, and will tors. The country is more Conservative leave for Canada immediately. The re-
‘°-d*y ,h»n * a!‘y t,me m 118 hl8tory' niamder of the force, numbering about Toronto World	I 350, wi„ continue in eervice until the ter-
mination of the campaign. In view of As a result of the campaign bj .Sir John the large number who have decided to A. Macdonald in 1878 c mie
W. W. IRELAND,
In Col. Otter’s cable announcing that j .><mi Canadians have elected to return home j Write for particulars to next month in command of Major Pelletier, he adds that fourteen officers, ineluding himself, will remain with 300 noncommissioned officers and men until the close of the war.

W. S. CLARKE,
AGENT FOR PONTIAC,
MOREHEAD, - - QUE.
in South
SHAWVILLE - -
/
London, Sept. 21.-The Standard saya it understands that the British government has already received offers for : ; underground mining rights in the Trans vaal which will go a long way toward meeting the cost of the war.	I
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
NOTARY PUBLIA NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND SAVINGS CO.,OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will he in Sliawville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
la»
»
?
?
\
Disasters at Sea
1HHU J I	the Liberal
...	,	home it is assumed that the imperial «yority, aaya the Montreal Gazette,
1IILLIA.1I ELLIOTT	Liverpool, September 18.—The British authorities will despatch them direct to u had been swept away, and there was a
T> AILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT stealuer (’ordon Castle and the German 1 Canada, arriving here about the 25th Conservative majority of 63 in the house I> Shawville ,<tue., respectiully solicits steamer Stormarn collided in Cardigan October.	of commons. For eighteen years through
with*!”'Cmm.r|ÏVheciauTy.n"ol‘l2ct:tou“ ^ ""Sunday night, and both vessels | A cable was received at the militia de three general elections, the verdict then mideiiulp-oiupireturnnishured	.sank, twenty of the persona on boaid partment from CjI. Otter confirming the pronounced was adhered to. A pecuiir
the Gordon Castle were lost.	information in the cable sent by Lt Col. combination of circumstances enabled the
Biggar that 500 members of the first con- Liberals to snatch a success in 18% tingent had requested to be released from J That oerr,bination is now broken. The further service at the expiration of the Conservatives Are as they were in 1878.
Houston, Sept. 11).—Governor Savers Iyear from the ti,1,e of enlistment. The T1,e Liberals are as the Conservatives
SSSSSS idtir ""Mkwi"* -	A-“i-	sr.
“ The loss in the storm in Galveston I 1 tiIltitier would command the returning principle, and now the Liberals are split and elsewhere on the coast cannot be less aoldiera-	*uch issues as the emergency food job,
than #12,000,000, while the loss of proper-	he M'cousness c[ Mr. Tarte s plan of
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County I ty will probably aggregate #20,000 000	“	enriching relatives by giving them shaves
killing Rev. John MacLeod, pastor of the | of 1878 congregation, and Gusty Delorme, one of Effects of Waterworks and Sewer- I the workmen engaged on the building. Ar age.—Judging from the sanitary con- thurDiog, Wm. Crome, Henry Golden and dition of the town at present, says last a man named Gauthier were seriously inweek's Renfrew Journal, and comparing^ jured, Holden dying therefrom next day. . Minutes of regular session of the Mu with other years, the system of water Ati eye witness of the terrible accident nicipal Council of the Municipality of
M^aaHK£s#ëîe@S6 gBssasysuK1 —•
construction of the waterworks and sewer-1 of the church. The workmen were put- S lwW* , .	_	, , - I___ Boards
age, it was no uncommon thing to find ting on the cap stones of the gable end of Movedby coun. Cowan, seconded by	*	.
rev.	.dozens and scores of citizens suffering the building.	conn. Hudgins, that minutes of last; regu-	Cattle AStraV.	LatüS and Shingles.
ESTABLISH ED 1886. | from typhoid fever. In September 18%, u t heard a fearful rrenkin» ,m.nd an A V met.tinï» hIso m,nute# °* ^joum- ‘	*
the year before the waterworks and ,hen a voice cried out K Men anJ k-d session held on August 20th, be ad-1 Strayed from Wheelihan's farm, Claren-
.....—
—- iSSESI FlSSSs iSitete*
5 ursust d::Kœzs a*"--—FES-ETZZT''
affairs may continue, but ultimate re- He was a very popular minister. He Allan Murray, increased $56.00; Aylmer! Meeting adjourned on motion	!	& MARION
covery, his friends and physicians admit, leaves a wife and three children. The Creamery Co., assessed at $200.00; Wm. J. R. Horner	Gpn	< Pat#nJ	mnd Solleltere
is practically out of the question-	| accident was due to defective masonry, j B. Crawford, for oil and grocery ware-J Sec.-Treasurer.	Mayor. | ^^eeî I AtuJtk	«ngt.m
WANTED !
Y HE
PORTAGE DU FORT
An Active Canvasser
In Pontiac County, to work
amongst farmers, to represent the
LARGEST NURSERY IN CANADA,
STONE & WELLINGTON, of TORONTO
Permanent position to good, stead) pay weekly, free outfit and good terms. Splendid local references will be supplied as to our stock and reliability, to assist in canvassing.
Roller Mill
GENERAL
Galveston loss 12,000

JAS. HOPE & Co.
HAYING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A :| FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
man
J. J. TURNER,
First Quality Flour.
Apply to
C. K. GRIGG,
t& Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment ia every respect.
and vigor
RENFREW, Ont
HOTELS.
St. Lawrence Hall,
Shawville Council
WANTED
JOSEPH BROWN,
•9
Proprietor.
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprie trees.
A field convenient to Shawville to hold
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar ml way# well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
?

The Shawville
1
PATENTS
8A8B end
Doom
FACTORY

J
will be
—ALL KINDS OF—
[PROMPTLY SECURED]
Sliawville
Interior & Exterior
FINISH FOR
Souses & Verandahs
MANUFACTURED.
Cannot Recover
doors, sash, newel posts, dressed
LUMBER, kc. kc,
Kept in stock and made to Order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULARPRICBS
'

McCREDIE & HODGINS.
Estimate# furnished
DC.
###PAGE###6###

k
t
H. v

V


la a state of non-hoii?ity. Vformln# <>a this theory «lie btig.m bar work/ with a suhritanoe known as "pitch-
id that is that il thort kl # | WONDERFOL SUBSTANCE DISCOV*| blsad#M which Is uaranlfc#. ehfuiio illy
FRED BY A WOMAN
RADIE" THE NEW LIGHT,
tu the I 1
mice of a continental muss south.' •*
in 1810 by Dumont d’Urville; Sabrina Land, Enderbjr Land, and Graham Land, all discovered by Biaooe in 1832,
h otcs ond Commcuts.
HUNTiNU A CÜHTINENT
Ut <na6 thing (b ' Belgioa explui*»r >are
A « ritier in an English newspaper it ShcHyhn,!, corn bits Sensibly and rv.ry su»1 tsfully the not ma that the Hi itissv hostility to foreigners is due
10	the labors of Christ Lan
11	ries.
THREE new ATTEMPTS TO SOLVi I and Victoria Land, discovered in 1841 THE ANTARCTIC MYSTERY.
sure
great Antarctic continent it is covered with a thick covering of enow
<*>nfl4de,red, and which U simply the refuse from the f iotorlee where vwri-
by Capt. Jaunis Clarke Rosa—are these
t he shores of u continent or of a polar archipelagoÏ l)o limy form around the South Dole a more or leas solid girdle, or do they resolve themselves into isolated islandsf
lirai iiml WaMe Hour 4w*y 44 lih-snlil lu riM«m« AU lier tluglr 41 w m I 4 11 r» linlmril for II.
Prof. Langley, of the Smithsonian I liitititution at Washington, 1). C., lu In receipt of a wonderful little piece of what t ha Liven tar has termed ''radium," that his sont a thrill of wonder through every scientist In the wovjd. • The ftp -cimen was received Ltio.ifkvl in a small box made of lead, accompanied by Instructions for the proLweor to open it in the dark. This was done. A number of the principal officers of the Institution re-ptired to the vh dogr iph 'Mark room/' and the wonderful substance, no bigger than a silver dollar, was tak-iwiMteiem wiie » *»«• • •»* ****** * * *m I en from Its bed, ami bef re those pms-
ii«<ror» mui	«-nt coul I realize what hid occurred
i) ,<• of i iiv Aptoi u out.t s|K>nd« ut » ,il ,^0 room w is lit up completely ##
1 tin told the world n	I though the full rays of t h ¦ sun h id
tu u* at Ivaot wua new, that thv .au-	lhl, pltce. Tho suu,tunoe <>f h<Hlw 'kbting
D ' -A vl 1	1 1 u‘ 1 v‘ 'VIX<1 * nu emitted a deal greenish glow» and
vl l*Uil ioi.ltti vt l< l“1	11	|ihe features of every onv were clearly
liy doubles trained lu perform tnc outlined
IMit. Sta vaius uf ih. v it..te. 1 1 ' In j (MU.y lW1 the pirt of those present
ly picked are carefully told wli.it to (lu' j t(> tuiu>b th(> thing, but investigation and on ceremonial oveausons icpio-
•>us uranium products arc made. She first discovered a mu bit mica similar to bismuth, but several thousand >imee more powerful than the uranium salt from which it was obtained. I he presence of thus metal in oomldna* tion with uranium was, up to this 1 line, unsuspected, and the disoovery was regarded as an Important one. A b t three months ago the efforts of t be talented lady scientist were crowned with success along the lines laid down, by herself. By using different salts In combination with the bismuth she protluced a substance with some of the properties of barium, which, after being heated, had the power of emitting visible riys of light. This is the substance which she his nim.wl "radium," and which promises to revolutionize the system
and ice. The be t weather they got during their long imprisonment was when the wind blew from tbe south, because it was a dry wind and it
•flut it was bit-
licnsimt for ItellM lua I hil n 4'ohllHftt
...... iti 'mu ki Pole i»>
«mil 41
mission
IB % II &
telrailimIroi» TIiMiry «* <*» l < 1% % on i lie l rvlilvia I nun lour IM I
Ho m ikra the strong point that it is those misuiaBariiee, more pai ticularly. who exemplify in their lives tho high morality and the true dignity of Western civilization. In the Treatv port» tho Lives of "a certain minority among the foreign residents" £vw mouths three more expeditions "are an ouvrage on the boat Ideas of	English, one Scutch and one
the natives and a libel »*n Western tlennau—wdl start for the south |»o-Mvilizatioji.*’ and they “do more to lUr rcgmn on similar exploring mis-p re ; va re the way for corrupt officials, sion». It .s perhaps loo nrueh to say
m on #t i&rir In g up tin- ignorant
people of China, than all the mu takes of all tbe missionaries put together."
Throughout the country, however,
"where the foreigner is otherwise unknown, he is first” introduced in the
person of la missionary who lives ihhuU ui exploration quietly a rüjral life-, so that all his stance that each planned to approach Immediate neighbors on dose acquain- the pole frum u ditlcient direction is tancet acquire a favorable know l- purely a matter ot chance. Hut it was edge of an individual foreigner, and H ioituuaie chance, frvm ih.it particular knowledge argue ! he Belgian expedition tailed i rum favorably in general of the foreign- Antwerp on the pet inly equipped
steamer Uelgica on Aug, IS, IKiV, just l nquesi ionably tins i.s a deserved ih. ee y eats ago D .ruig 1 it en mon h s tribut tv the missionaries. It is the vvüou lui the gieiter part ui t lie tune mUs.onur) rather than the soldier or Uelg.va was ta>t Incited in the » man of commerce woo represents the i*oiar ice pack, no lining » whatever moral elevat on of Wastern civiliza- came from t be explorer^, it w a- nut
until neai ly April of la-a year that new a ui then safety v une. 1 hey "Whoiv ml -a ii maries live ih the in- e.-raped nom t he me i ttsiior, away from all foreign civ ilians lleig.ca intui t and nil h « h wr officials, there are no houses of only one man, who hid succumbed to ill f mi i k< t>; for. or by, foreigners, the ebmate and to tIn depression info snob places there are no lotteries vaunt to the long impn. unmviit and livensl by and supported by foreign-firs. 'I tu-re no natives are cuffed and
Ivrvnl Id#
brought dear kies
terly cold, as if it had swept hull dreds of leagues of bleak icefields, whereas the north wind, blowing off
" What is certain is that lands multiply and become concentrated Justin I proportion as we approach the polo. If we examine the southern hemisphere, we observe that the non-tub-merged land ends very near the equator. The remainder up to the neighborhood of the polar circle offers to the view noth ng hut an immense stretch of water, The African continent ends «I the (\i|>e of Good Hope in lat. 31 dog., 51 sec.; that is to say, it tloes not extend any further below the equator than Morocco is above it. Tasmania, which may he regarded a a a prolongation of Australia and of the Asiatic continent, does not extend beyond lat. 13 deg.., 3,1 sec.; that is to say, it does not reach half way to the pole. South America alone throws off its southern extremity, Cape Horn, as far eolith ns the fifty-sixth parallel and is still as far away from the South Pole as Scotland is from the North, llevond the e three continent-
Tbe report of the Belgian Antarc-
w hu h u i published
tic expedition recently n Brussels, is of special in ter est for the reason that within a
thousands of miles of water, raised the temperature several degrees, although ii brought with it such i*Mie-trating ivy fogs that the men of I lie Hvtgicu welcomed the return of the colder hut clear.ug winds.
*
that the attack of these four expeditions is a combined om tor of lavt v k\)i oi the tour was organ.zod and planned quite irrespective ui the olhei ml in rangement as to i he di lièrent
l he circuui-
\s « nmt-
IN Pi.ACE OF hiNUS
There was no cuucerl-
OP HEM ARK ABLE STRENGTH
After she b i<! obtained the kmg-6t>ugbt-for eubstmoo, Mme. Currln eet h*rmdf «bout measuring it* power, and ftwund tbit thxro was no need for thf> fine instruments which she hid prepared for this purpose, as the
There whs a natural besi-
i
Ckl'fc
sum pruvtvl that the source of this
wonderful light w >s cool end solid,
aivi that It wrald tto handle with "Wht was .trong Hiiougb to b» moa*-
unvl byordlnu v methods. \ Beglttfc of ordinary density was placed In a
I
sent- the emperor.
it has often Iwn rumored that u device of tint Mine kind is u>ed to pro-
t,,, tUu eu.tan, uud a tale .£ a emular	A W0MAN'S DlSCUVIiHY.
eenia going ibv loumt of ib,-p.vsa wha( b |hjs „<>n|ttlfu| ,uüatanwl tr irnR 1,1 front ot » fa,t Phutogra-aboul .Ik- Geru.au vmp, ,<n U„ | ^ fa ;l	mille by a woman. Phk P,llt»	t«ind. after repeat-
Uiajetity, ,1 u. raid. w.aUen greatly to , ^ ^	,k , Currie, of I be •4trlals' lhlt sb" w#' »Me l® obl*,tt
^	Uo	Paru.	eaU.b.uon,	and	w.l	aee	.1,	thuul of Physios in Paris.	»	Impression m about 15 min-
bul	as	the	risk	is	cousnleiaU e.	be	tIltJ if vlhu u oIailu,M, f.»r- it be true	"'«"-(be «His produced was perfeet-
w,l. be aeevmpanwd by deieci.ee earv- ^ ^	^ light of the tutur.-tbe	as goo.t as oould ba produced b,
rlr. vim of alcU. mUU-in sh .rt a lamp	^-ylUbt. A duplication. ot the plate
that «ill burn for ever, consume	¦**>"«* ,blt aa"lbur °°uU «* P"*
neither oil nor wick, is devoid of b at	du#^ in "%'«Uy «be «me time, which
or and requires ooatteution. Mme. Cur- demonstrated that the power of the vie w«i» ewarde<l 4.0UU francs and had 'kbt was unchanged. At the end o/ her name enroll,-d on the books of the tw,> weeks, during which time th. f rench Ac,demy of Science, for this	substance had been sublet-
discovery, wbicb is regarded a. one •* lh u“ aort* ot otin'l‘t‘OQ3' ettU
of the nuiet stuiK.mlous of the age, up- »™\b»' ttfat WM m“'le. with the same
r<v>ultA, thus proving the stability of
Lhe power of the new light first piece of radium being produced. Mine. Currie argued that some asoi-dont might have been responsible for it, instead of scientific manipulation, but Investigation proved conclu ively that the results were sound—that radium <y>uld be produced at wilL Totitfl wore then made to show the exact nature of the material. Piece» were dropped into gunpowder, and, while a glow spread through tb«> in-flimmable material no explosion took place. There was no heat and no fire —merely light.
tried that was at all likely to start combustion, but all failed.
BOILING WATER DESTROYS 17. The only thing that would destroy the luminosity of radium was boiling water, in which it must be kept f<* an hour. Ou taking it from tlw water it resembles green quartz -c*dd and dead. On heating it again, however, to the point of incandescence, it regained its luminosity with the same p>wers as before. it was ' then that several pieces of radium manufactured and sent to soL
tuih al project toms and up to the polar circle—thut is to say, up to the seventieth parallel of latitude—we meet with not hug but the immense mass
?vise
i
i
11< *n
iiad lhe antarctic water- dqttcd here and there with rare islands like mere
1
a with Uio
loss of
I
specks upon their surfaces. But once we have crossed the circle the scene changes. Land reappears in all directions. It emerges all alxmt us. We have there the genuine southern continent ; its ma m in joined under the waters with the rest of the solid earth of wh.ch Asia Australia, Africa ami A met ka arc the cropping out ridgor visible .ib >vu the surface or th.* ocean.
" Following that idea we may regard the solid part of tho globe as a triangular pyramid, of which the annum.t touches the South Polo and whxkso bi.se forms ; he glacial sea 06 t lie North Pole. The sides of the py-ram.d are more or less depressed to form the basins ot tbe oceans. Un the 01 hvi hand, the muss of the waters, ot w h eh the surface is that of a sphere, d, so drowns this solid earih that noth tig appears above the nurture save the three continental ridges and imarotte point.
I
fully got up lu imitate him, who, when it is considered necessary, will deceive
t he crowd.

f
constant peril.
1 he expedition was commanded by kicked, for tli ore are no rowdy young M. de (hr tac he fou v gn drunks to drag the ir nation s LvoUmiv, a Belgian thoracier iu the mire

inventions
All three may be pate but none of them is impossib.t
w tli L eut. George w no had .*er\id
Emperors of I hina
even improbable
muet be bored to death by cvreiuonitvs
J
in the iieuou Navy, as second oifr-ci'i. Us vi.giuul progi am me included

and eager to shift them off on underlingo, the sultan has a horror of appearing in public, while William 11., would, if we understand hi* character, »tting as it does all hitherto unlike to do Ills	Paris unseen	and unsus-	^'P40*! theories, of	he it, light	and 1 b>-
pecUuL There	is a 11ace of	Harvun-al-	sical energy, and	opens up	fields of
tLaachid about him.	1 knowledge heretofore regarded as be-
The heavii'fli objection we know La yoml the soopi of man lh.it it must	be rather u	dangerous	it ^ claimed, will not only	be very
tntk, as a man who cou.il	thoiuugkly	cheap when, first	installed,	but uf-
sovereign, might he 1er that there will be absolutely no

One was m
The vice» of our civilization go with) 1 xxu MilnmvI campaigns
iou “I x ictoii.t 1,iml i" the
vast and the other in the direction of UiuJiaui Laud to the went. It began anu ended with the Graham Land exploration owing to the capture of the lieIg ca ti> llie ice and her detent ion as a prisoner tor upward of
the trader rather than the ni>.<cmary. 1'h.f evil reputation foreigner» have in lhine.se eye» is not mule by the nuseitm.ilLea. but by “the mm 01 woman of foreign birth who lives an immoral life; the fore,gun who ill-tieare u coo!y, as he would not daw for an
u
The
h
u
tl
U
Tbbi light
f
*
a y eai
ms ta u t to treat a London cabman the Wee tea nor. be he private individual ot
w
has
imitate
templeii, if a man of ability, to use expense i naintuining it, even though
Night
The German exped lion, which is to
Will L#u under
an ordinary j
i City Father, | t»turt early next year
the it.i i'Vi ion ui I'rui. Z. X
tt
left to itself fur oe ut un es. it tempt it after night for an indefinite period)
it will throw out its brilliant rays,
nis power» for i reasonable purposes.
No man, (perhaps, could t alone, but nobles, or generals, or Tins conception of the general con- priests w ho meant rebellion might ami at tha end of untold years thiil-
instrument of the kind w ith, lumination will boas great as at first*
i Dry gal
who encourage, esta b! s h es or jMtro-nizeâ lot t eu ies; in iact, any the foreign communities ot who any way lower the standard of Dceau ut Mfe they have in Uie homelands been Ulti prolongation ot a meridian that taught to respect and a in at." More- would pa » through S.am and the 1s-over, the valuable assistance to trade land ui euiuaiiu. lh«s is exactly oppo-rejidered by the miasionartes is re cognize# 1 by this commercial writer

ft.,, it pi opuses lu approach the Ant- lb
a mon g China a
c zone to the south 01 the Indian 1 ci Hi.mi - i ia ml, and on
L
N
figuration <>i t be earth, and of the
use an
waters I hereof is to bo «credited to for a moment at all events, most No underground or overhead wires, no
dynamos nor gas retorts, nothing but
Our own Yorkist* »et uj> a whole a little disk of greenish atone* Plao% ored ever dincc to justify it, and with	line of ini puts tors, one of whom known	this in, th* wail or in th*3 coiling	and
a certain success. Ji is know n un-	to ns as Perkin Warbex k, pretended to	resum will bo	lighted as long as	the
der the name <H the tetrahedron hyqw-	be a son of Edward IV., and must have	houses stand.
Ui--ei', b cause the triangular pyra-	taken in some very great nobles. They
hi .d is called in geometry a tetra he-	were, no doubt-, very willing to be
drou. Hut what «8 hypothetical in this	token in, but it is difficult to believe	the layman is	that it is merely	the
uuuceplaou is not t,u much the com-	that they were all parties to this	demonstration	of energy produced by
par iso u of the solid earth to a tetra- fraud lied ion as t h ' explanation of the
U
Everything was
an Englishman, Mr. Louth.an Green, alartiing results who advanced it in 1875. and has lab-
or
fie
Site t he Paluier and Graham Lana re
Ui
w Here the Bvigica started In r The Lu#.hsu expedition
1 Geographical
g mu
vxi lui allons
dt
fuir "sruch centres of enlightenment sa to what foreign cas are. and have to ul è>iU1 1 *a l,y the J
lie
OiUGIN OF LIGli'J
give the Chinese, open up the country Mw.ety will start toward the polr ready for trade, and again and again 11 om the at t,houui nuou of \ idoria con the dean and foa* foreign goods 1*» Laud to the south pi the Poly ues.an traced directly to the influence of St-a. The Scotch oytxlii 'on, under misaiona rie» in the interior. If trade M .Ilium Bruce will advance from follows the flag " ho ct>ntinuea, "it rs Graham Land on the oppu».ie side of because the flag m usually made the 1H'^V‘ f1 u,u Victoria Laud, lie Eng -known by a good introduction on the Lsh point ui departure. It is the ob-part c>f miss ion a ries. Withdraw your ject oi all three expedition» to study missionaries. and send into the in- (he geograph.cal configuration of tenor your young, rowdy riotous what is supposed to be the great Ant-fiver. with his drunkenness and bill-, arctic comment, and ulou to examine lying conduct, and *<•* how much1 H* geological formation, and esin-rial-worae your trade and rejiutation will ly to make magnetic, meteorological, be." This is a view of the Chinese and oeeauographcal observations. It situation at which everybody must is thought that the united wuik of look in fairness, wbother he is favor- the three expeditions, ail working elile or unfavorable vo Christian pro- ! with similar instruments, amt accurd-s-elytiem in Chinn. Nor, on the si<le of I ing to practically me same system, the Ch.m-se, mist we forget that in degraded examp es of Western civilization they have reason for prejudice against it.
lho origin of light as accepted by
Uu

he
11*- destruction, c-mibu. lion or cuu-Thu case of the false Dimitri, the Mimption of curtain substances, like means by which the originally spher- must successful impostor who ever coal, oil or gas. Boat is produc'd by teal crust of jui globe took on tins lived, is well known in history, Dimitri the destruction, of burning coal. This s.ngular form. It is the progressive A son of Ivan the Ttrriit e, had been traiitoftermed into mut.on by the steam cooling of the globe which brought murdered by a pretender wh » seized «‘«ugine and dynamo, results in eloc-about this muiamurpbusia. By reason I he throne, when in 1G05 it occurred br icily foi of the construction of the shell, as to some Polish priests that if this son lights
could be personated he might be used has ever been uxido for man’s use
that hid not boeu the result of some
Un
lui
nil
exj
were
en lists throughout tho world, and this is how Prof. Langley came to receive the queer little thing done up in i leaden box.
Recently Prof. Baoh, of Berlte, a noted%cientiat, has made teste of the light, with a view of establishing its cliims to permanency, and was »n-ablo to discover any waste of in»-, teriil whatever opinion that it would require the lapse of 1,000,000 years or more to destroy the luminosity of a piece of this radium no bigger thin a quun ter of an inch square. When it oame to explaining the reason of the light's existence, however, ho was dumb.
Even as the discovery stands to-i
wi
tro an I incandescent
U>v
In short, no artificial light
a result of this cooling the crust xsh.ch is relatively thin, being no long- as a most convenient tool
Lh
lib
They trained a young monk for the material that was consumed in order
ei supported gave way and bent. It
acted then according to the familiar part, which he performed eu well that to nuke it and very applicable comparison of Mr. ^ waA accepted by lbe Russian peuple bout i obtained Irum pho ph re ou. oe, Lallemand like the rubber membrane tifl lh<1 veritable heir of Rurik, and but even liais owes its origin to the of a balloon whose swell.ng and de- counting the throne as czar he reign- slaw consumption of tho substance pressions when it is careiuliy disin- ed tor many months, married a Polish that produce** it fluted do as a matter of fact sen- piicoeas, and but for his obvious de- without tha expenditure of so mu envoi ion to the Polieh and Catholic as erg y haft bjen looked upon heretofore Phis deformation of the ter- opposed to the Russia 11 and orthodox as an idle dream but the discovery
til*
A feeble light without
Ur
ter
1
He gave it a* bis
wit
To produce light
aft
will bring very valuable results. Tho question of reaching the pule is an- ; other matter and is not proclaimed as the great objective of either party of explorers. Writing of these three expeditions and of the results of the Belgioa’a voyage, M. A. Da s t re in a j recent contribution to one of the
bio
Ntbly reproduce the figure of a tetra-
Oai

ht-.li on
ie»tnal crust ‘s accompanied by frac- MUSe« mi«ht have ditid u reigning of tho wo.mle.rful pro peri Les of the X-
osar.	; ray caused tho scientist to put on his
It is possible that a very daring at- thinking cap. Tbs X-ray discovery tempt of the same kind was made in proved that there was more than, one
At least, by form of radiant energy, although all
far the most reasonable explanation of them hive the same qualities in	il ls onei of 1110 toost ustitul
¦¦I	record, as small pi oes may be used
to llluminato dwellings, public buiM-
mu
?
01
tares of the sun ace cavings in and divers accidents following always the line of least resistance. Such is the theory of I he earth’s formation which up to the present day still reigns in science.
Lu
QUEER STREET.
Tant on, China, possesses the queerest si reel in the world, It is roofed with glased paper fastened on bamboo, and contains more signboards to 4jie square fcxit than any street in jpny other country. It contains no -other shops but those of apothecaries and dentists. Physio street is its appropriate name.
toi*
wot
I be reign of Louis XIV
r t
I eve
I eve
L
leading Trench periodicals says ;
" Geographers generally admit the existence of au Antarctic continent, having its centre at the South Pole. The South Pule differs in the respect from the North ' Pole. If the North Polo, !n tact, is in the waters of a inure or less frozen ocean
.
of the maui in the iron mask is that he certain. directions, yet entirely dif-\\aaa	person	exactly	like	Louis, whom j	in	others.	thus,	while	the
a group	of	Huguenot	nobles	intended powerful	rays	of	the	sun	were	un-	and theatres, with	the	absolute
certainty that there would result no
flame from their exliu* ilshmcai. «> sometimes happens from the use of ordinary meuns of lighting and that tho	expense of	maintaining them
would be absolutely nothing.
In	its present	stage	of	develop-
ment; there are many uses for this aulastanc<s yet without doubt it has been left to the talented member of the fair sex, whose work along this
" ihe supposition that a south polar continent exists is then, a consequence of the tetrahedron theory of tth* euih'H formatluil It is a conse-
to substitute for the king
able to pojuitrate a thin piece of
oardbosrd, the X-ray, which could informed him not to bring on his soul h • rdly seen, was able tog» through the stain of blood guiltiness; but ns he
z
Louis was bound by the traitor who
H
y
the
quenoe al»o of a very general law which seems to dominate t no history of the formation of our globe and
This fact oontra-
kuow that everyoiit who saw the I dieted thi uni vea*».illy accepted theory pii«onei wou <1 inslant ly recognize the ! that the power of light was due in likeness, and «is lie diended a repeti- j aj| oastv» to the material consumed, tion of the attempt, the most zealous precautions were taken against his
Im*ing seen e\en by the common J uranium pue±»4v>s,*d remarkable quali-»oI diet s
wood and metal.
of 1
the South Pole is, on the other hand,
TO KEEP THE HAIR IN CURL
upu
on solid land, land that is frozen ns
the waters ot ihe Ntorth Polar Sea. I tbat iei lbal wherever there is a prom-
invnee on the surface there is a cur-
bs a
Tor exceeding damp or warm vvea
are
ther during the summer an excellent It is true that this conception of tlie
expedient for the hair in ourl, both two jioles is	based on theoretic res-	^	responding	depression	ou t	be side	dia-
for the loiterer at fashionable resorts I sonmg, but	it is reasoning that is	I	nnvirically	<*ppue*ite.	1 his	law of	the
and thn May-at-home, is the use of j very strong,	w hich, up to the present	|	reciprocal	opposition	of	elevations
alcohol. Ihe hair should be wet with time, no ascertained fact has ovei alcohol and then curled, if .this is tried | thrown.
•At «factory results are sure t u f <. ! -
Experiments along thiti lone soon convinced scientific students that
hap
to I
affl
lie»—th it it hid the power of absorb-0<-asidet ing the immensity of the | light and emitting it afterward slake tbit might be played far, especially in Asia, we cannot hut wonder ibit of recent years the attempt has never been made. Kings are not really well known, except to a few and une oar. conceive of Lhoee few being very willing to be silent.
life-
and depressions at the exlnmity of
line exceeds all others, to benefit «the | world by one of the greater discoveries of the age.

¦hr*
the same diameter has very few ex-ce.pi iocs and (I where th - re are such exceptions. they are explicable by intervening disturbances. It is right in line with this law that we should find a r*>uih polar continent above the «eu as a complement to the depression which makes tbe basin of the glacial sea at the north polar end of the earth’s axis.
It was then discovered on experi meaning with salt» of the metal that it would produce substances having properties similar to the X-rays, and tbit while they coni l not be seen by ihe human eye they yet had the power of "fogging” a photograph e plate w hen brought m contact with it.
IN THE RIGHT DIRECTION.
•reel
•last
well
day
paed
" The first result of Antarctic explorations was to confirm ihis theory of the terrpst rial conformation of I he
low

THE KAISER
THE SWALLOWS HOME
South Polar legion as opposed to the Sc hold teacher—W bat lift le boy can | marine character of tho, cap that cov-tell me where is the home of the swal
M%# Ie.ns Ink nml Vapi-r all Over lb<
K'iynl Pa I are.
get

ers the polar region of the North. The problem that foture expeditions will have to solve should be to determine I.
Many joàtofc have bien made at the vxi>en.-<* of the Gttimm Emperor's t’ondncftti for letter writing, but by
tbe
low i
set ii
CANNED EGGS
lobby—-1 kin, please, x booheacher—Well, Hobby ?
life
the configuration of this frozen con-ll -Jii- home of the swallow | tinont access which is nearly ev* t he st uxnm ck
Vast quantities of shelled eggs are Different
exported from Ruaeia in hannetlazily dD ant forma of thtwe ray», but all veritable aifety valve sealed cane, and are drawn ofi ihiuugb tailed of producing anything more nutlet for hi» superfluous energy, a faucet. One can holds from 1,000 to
The eggs must be oare-I was euorgy, but unauOx>mpuniod by nn idea whenever it 006UTZ to him. In had one would | luminosity, and all the experimeuU every room In the royal palme pens,
wore useless, so far as the cummer- Lak and paper may be found, and ,-ul world was concerned. Then even the bed-chamber baa its fully ttada me Our lie began her work where equipped waiting table. The royal
She reasoned yacht ks thou* Highly equipped, and
in vest ig t r produc d | his Intimates it is ; ignized is a
It forms an
by n liven
The observations made by the Briery w hero barred by icebergs and vast I gum expedition are favorable to Mr. fields of ice pack They should deter- Green’s tetrahedron theory but these mine its extent and outline its shores. I are obviously not sufficient to put the
6f IJ

h m a laboratory exparimout. 1 here and he like* to ha able to jot do.vn
iita
DID IN ONE THING
1,500 eggfl fully selected, us a ¦poil all the others in the can
and
Is there anything in which you
Up to the present time it never his I accuracy of that theory beyond dise	when fOO went to >cho<»l [reached, except at isolated point», f < on. It will require numerous and
a^ked Miss Cayenne
the <

It is not know n whether these shores fortunate observations to decide it de-only seen in a fragmentary way, be- finitely. Under this reserve it is long to islands ot to the vast contin- perm ssible to say with M. Arctowaki entai mass whose existence is admit- one of tbe two geologists and meteor-led. Are these solids thresholds ologists who accompanied tbe.expe-against which the more fortunate dition that in the region through navigators have stumbled at wide dis- which the Belgica passed 'everything tances apart—Adelie Land, discovered tended to confirm belief in the exist-
beno

" Yes," answered Willie Washington. " I made more blunders than any other bov in the class."
LAKE THAT TURNED RED
Lake Moral in Switzerland, has the (ho others left off curious propeity of turning red every :k it tho wonderful properties un»ni- even a short train journey Ls not unit) years owing to the nr-rcuce ui ^ted by different substances ob- dertaken without a stocked writing
.Tiled from uranium were	case. The Emperor prefers a brozd-
ny real pnve-r in the metal itself, nibbed pen, ami usually writes ud but to eu me substance which is held large quarto sheets of tktok paper.
Be
Ung
*fc*>u
•ne <
belt
MINE OF RUBBER.
In South Australia a mine of natural India rubber has been lately discover. d.
certain aquatic plants which are not
known in any other lake in the
world.






\







###PAGE###7###
.

9
(
father heed to may &a in nob almost every time he came from tho work*. The men were always hatching mis-
LEGATION LIFE AT PEKIN. '
UNREQUITED LOVE.
furnished salon* of the modern Am- ground!* and housing tb#.;A ever with htuseadors. Glass windows and tight *h*«l* of bambou matting, door* have replaced the old Chinese Ever sinco tlie outbreak of the RY fret-work and paper windows, while Japimse war th** moving armies of chimneys have been built in every Chinese soldiers from provinces where available corner. The winter* in foreigners were unknown eegan tc
\


chief. The strike wan alwayi comiug, | DUCAL PALACES OCCUPIED
FOREIGN MINISTERS.
V
but the strike never came.”
y

"Mr. Danebrook had an extraordinary influence over the men—an exceptional power of managing them. Ho contrived to ward off the strike, partly by that personal influence, partly by concession!. Your ladysh has refused " To a* de tu demands wh ch 1 con-
45
e
»»»* C
IVkin are cold, and where the Chinese	make it dangerous to wander about
Tiiruiif-Ue.hivnre* «.r iiir iiiiiicror'i	find comfort in wearing additional	tin* city as the legation people had
»• it- mi.ms iking* rkai Helped in	suits of < othes the white man insists	form y
lli« IN*ieme of iliv Legullnim-l.lfe In
einiiiiii.	| nanny chimneys built in those old pal- great reactions, riots, behead in ga,
Dragon sce» have so disturbed the spirit» of hurried flights, rumors of uprising, I	h ri>n« of China is hereditary, but it	their former occupants that they have	abdications, t b>* coming and going of
aider preposterous—which my father I	dove not descend to any particular son	caused more d.scu*.sLun than affair» of	legation guard*, and now, at last, the
would never have granted.*	of the reigning Emperor. Tbs choir** hi.,!,.,
" You father would have gone with usually full* on the oldest son, but
<1lifer fu*n>mw of	lit Ihe llrazou
e
CHAPTER XVI
I bet ha n dramatist or modern philoso-After tint evening Laalnnar yielded l pher. The Radical's brut had been himself to the allurement» of Circe, in 1 near him Always in those last, year», the person of Lady Carminow, with sitting at a table a little way off, less tensive than he had shown hither- writing a copy or an exercise or at her to, and in proportion as hia attentions l>e ne factor's feet poring over a fairy grew more marked, Clarice became tale.
more enchanting.	lAmi n0w the presence of that g.rl
‘f/tdy Car mi now grows in beauty *h>‘ house worried him. 1 heir chance
•very day," said Ne» tori us, who was a
oonueieseur	I _
admire â hundred women without giv- 0,1 * he Stair» or in the corridors, trig hi» heart to one.	U<s had made up his mind that she
ii« had married early in life, married wa* dI>r* an intriguer, a dangerous slash vre him, g.mimg wealth and social ***** m ths houseMjj sWlus by his marriage. Lie had been had contrived lo get that foolishly
• n excellent husband to a somewhat | imPrt*#i(mûhis	Nestoriua into her
web. 8he ha d
brother when she was a mere child
There have been on li » (	# to k* p w.it rn and the secret treat es waves of reform
r
4
The succession to the
! deluge
The heavy walls which surround thn times, Laity Cnrininow, lie was too tin- Emperor to «uppooed carefully to the4e |l.tfatjolu, huve ,„.uvo(, etfecti„
se u man to try to item • rising | watch and judge n ihilites of his
different moils and choose for the sue-
meeting* had been of the rarest and
A LACE CHEMISE
could y*1 he was always expecting to meet
rouan* of defence, while the Chinese	——
method of building houses up against	•if*-ao i Hie « amr or law suit
tide.”
" If some of us don't stand firm
. .	ni' 1 1 <>ne w*‘'' w"l,i^ m 1 *t" 1 *10 one another and their numerous ille.ya
11	*|:1 t ||b'. *1 will hm , r ill J bœf Emperoi and givt his people the .tll,|
our heads before long ” said Lady Car
In Frimr#
The higher Courts of Paris are now
courts and narrow passages and
wis«s* and most peaceful rule. Should tiiehr miuy buck gates offer facilities hearing a suit for the recovery of a
Emperor die without nuking any f(J,r	communication that can be woman’s chemise, the value of which
Lash mar would hardly have g^on selections, the princes of the family, f^und in no oth.tr city in the world. Ls fixed by the plaintiff at the entier credit for so much spirit—or oh- b*.
LIow quickly she
mi now, looking like He I Iona
ng the* brothers or uncles of the 'j*he Hritish legation, in stinacy—be did not know which to j Emporoi just deceased. w el uj<1 fiom
call it
a ormolus sum of 00.000 francs, or $12
hoodwinked her
which
silty wife, lie bid nursed her when
gfee WSH sick and bui ted her as became
tUrui butb. now be W.UI tree to cboo.se au,‘ now ,Jm' »e.|>ent had grown up
and her guile was of a still deeper
cash
small band of marines has been able m)- The suit was brought by Mine
the generation succeeding that of t0 4j,.fy ihemen have held on, though they I the late Emperor, select some one of 0( thousands are worse off as to cur.ent WSgSS | the family to occupy the throne than other ironworkers in llrumin
(Moo mobs numbering tens Rute, who was born a Bonaparte, _ , id adjoined on l*jth the and was, therefore, once a very im-north and south by the compounds of portant person. Some time ago—un-
At the nvi th-weet der the Empire—Mlle. Bonaparte mar-
• ns ttu*i wilts when be pleased.
“Yen, she is hujwrbiy handsome, answered hmjtntr; thmk she id your style. You prefer •meetking more original. Fcnellu, for liksiaiBoe, or Mignon, or that pale girl with the large eyes— lay mother’s
Fur
thoee mvmbors of the family who are friendly Chinese They hive held on for the sake of | not eo fortunate as to be sel* < t those admirable funds woich Mr.Dane
but I don’t
CHAPTER XVII.
Brum in and tile outskirts of Brumm looked a little more detestable than usual to I/nd Lashmar that October afternoon, although Lady Carminow was silting opposite him, clad in i ruddy brown velvet and sable tails, with a little sable bonnet that harmonized deliciously with her rich go Id-brown hair.
"You velvet and fur will not be im-
corner were the Imperial carriage	ried Nf. itatagzi, then the French Min-
for the	succession	great	ducal	yards; on the w«»t were still other	rater to Italy. As a bridal gift the
brook established	for	sicknees	imd old	Uaiaoee	ure	.elected	for	royal	incisure* of friendly Cbine.e, while	city otf Paris chose for her a magni-
age.	1	he	pro	p	ct	of	ro a uses	ant	an	residences.	The Forbidden	City	the stable gates at the south west cor-	firent piece of lace adroitly fashioned
nuitiea his kept tur men faithful to ^ lhl, i„..irg uf th., Clty „f 1.,.kL„ j*
at a disadvantage ; hut there is a the residence of the Emperor himself, very unpleasant feeling arising in the |	l(. tbi« city is brought the mem-
factory, an idea
ner of the legation opened into a large into a most graceful and dainty gar-
Chineae market. The walls around the nient, it was a gift appropriate for
legation, almost three feet thick, have a Princess. The bride was enchanted, that t it rie es ber of the family who is selected as been cut through into the compounds and laid aside the lace garment with works in all Brurnrn pay the worst thfl lM-, r apparent
wages
•ma nuenSis.
"Tear mother's amanuensis is not hulf sn handsome as Lady Carminow."
But you admire her more iShe is more inleresiiug. '
us
Hut outside of the
In most ot ner firms like ours, I If or bidden City, Pekin is dotted with work is done by the ton, by a ganger ,jj6 great parks or compounds that
of the friendly Chinese and through her most priceless treasures. So care-thern, and from the Chinese market fully did she preserve it, in fact, that
'T# me, yea. •
"To me she U positively repellent,	. A .	..	, .
îihiW ie gome thing impish about her. proved hy l,VQ tind coal <lusb,” he said, who undertakes the job. and employs g unround these royal ducal pal
with a disparaging glance at her men under him. This plan save# the | The ground* usually range from two
rich apparel
'"Oh, 1 have had this gown for ages, the men like it better I should be rather glad to spoil it."
it was an easy matter to smuggle sup- **>me three years ago it was still implies and provisions, and also to spy der lock and key in her Paris home, on the besieging mobs around them. In the meantime Mme. Katazzi had 'These legations are, in fact, little become Mme. l>i Hute, Many of b^r cities within themselves. The English early bridal gifts had departed. The Legation has on its premises no less lace chemise, however, had never been than eight or ten different walls and to,t sight of. covers an area of about
ices
l hhould have detested henella—a dumb neauire with monkeyish tricks, leap, jig over banisters and always turning <ip us*expectediy in odd places; and Mg non is worse, for site is more disre-yu cable aoth."
firm a good deal of responsibility, and i (jvt) aored in area, and are sur-
because they . rounded by high brick walls of great can earn more money while an in- strength, cutting them off complete-L-ishmar's eyes, in sheer absent- telligent ganger may make a small iy £rom the sound and smells of the minded ness, noted tint figures on the fortune.”	city outside.
pavement; two lia If-clad factory girls *' I will have no middle men in my The Chinese have always been op-fluttering by in cotton, hugging their business,” said Lady Carminow.	posed to any hereditary nobility, and
sinbby little shawls across their nar- The manager bowed submissively. while these duo.il palaces are assigned i lovv	18 lh«y faced the east wind; " Your ladyship knows best," he said; I us imperial residences to sous of the
and	it struck him that the Radical a	" but I assure you there	is a	danger	reigning monarch,	it is always with
howl against	the inequality of fortune	in getting old-fashioned. A	system	the provision that	when the family
ever hamsters or dance upon eggs. She UIW of lh(,*° lhtimoa wbich wouid which answered admirably ten years ' of the occupant has by the operation kus fiery cloud in her veins despite her	lavk lu,lenerti'	beginning to work awkwardly 0f Chinese law, which provide* that
fcuiuiR»a of Miul, Uiti blood of the	1 k‘** two gu lfl lu|°ked ralber envi" j now. There was a time when we had-1 Imperial descendants lose one degree
fiercest demaugoguu	who ever	stirred	Ul youI	**^**'" ho 8,4ld» noticing	n't a single union man on the	prem-	in rank with each generation until
Art lambs of liiuuiui	to i spine	and re-	7® U,ig’ wiat£ul tiUre which followed	iaes ; but labor was scarce last	Win- I	the third, been reduced to the level of
roll.	The	blood of her runaway	Span-	'	'	iU®	111 lkti l*110 caiI*lilfe‘	ter when we had some of	our	biggest	the common peupla,	the palaces shall
Ak not her,	too, ail	quicksilver,	bo ware	UU In’^	^ SUIe bav 6 lLM	jobs in hand, and we were obliged to	revert to the Crown	for reassignment
of her, Ne»tonus."	giaa	gowus	oi buudays dogskin or	|et in some of the union men.	And i	to sons of the thou reigning monarch.
"i will beware for	her, not	of her;	Ci*ln6	in a*ld	cheap velveteen. ihey	now we must either give them	what i	ft. in on account of th.s peculiar law
guard hoi from evil, if 1 can, but	^	1	a-» ions, uusvveied they want or prepare for a strike." j that the palaces of Pekin are occupied
never fear evil from tier."	"If they strike, we can get other by au ever changing population, first
Umr ium. ye gu<to." umU	1 *oelia* motr* tot men I sup,**, r
Utar; "u u all m ihe man'» .in-	murmur^ M«. Mukiber	-Not a‘man-in England."
agiualmn. il« to like Titania uj*m	l**1	‘MU“ive wr*
Ib, npi-.il wen upon tier."	whlch hu‘* nuUud* ‘ud d<**
Annul ediy Neulviius wan mot in love ^ *OU 1 u newel ed J,on lunar,
Uiu tune La.,tuna, had deeded that	T'/	'	“ T	^	l°
6.1,„y uusiul inn, to be Lady tanni-	^	?'***	in >U-	took ^
now » budoand.	ker on*, and	forever	after	devoted
i would ralber be tier aei ond bua- ‘Ue U,,the he‘P/^ etilace °£ Jail !
her. 1 bod better propoee at once."	„ liWt “ what 'eal "Naturally."
Ueeaidtbto to himsell yet did not * '(	^	U“”e “ Theo will not go." said Lady .	myJll #nMBlor8> and ar# pru.
ünmedwte.y yropœe. There was a,	Carminow. " A.saurevily not the °ld miineBt men m their community. Bui
luik.iw lcimguauce somewhere m	hto 1	" ) Oaiuuuow did not pureue the	hands,	who have touche 1 bonuses al- LlJlani tared diXterentiv with | Pekin waa elmuet	exile
uiiiMi, a rciuctanoe vvk.ch he could	not	1 guinea „ »- he was looking straight	ready and have been working for an-
explain to himself. He was angry	1a'IUIv ^wtl Ion aids a great dark gate-	nuitias	in the future. No man will
with himself for not being mure	in	vvly dA gluoiny as the entrance to	forfeit	the reward for which he has
kite.	Tartarus. They were in one of ihe been working."
dingiest streets in tiiumm-lkineuruck •• Anger is short sighted. Lady Carminow, Radicalism baa been gaining
One u (me. lie Rule's hones There are separate establishments was entered and the most precious for the Minister and for the First and things it contained stolen. Even the Second Secretaries of Legation, ex- historic chemise did not escape the tensive quarters and bar ricks for thief, who fortunately was captured consular students and military escorts shortly after with most of the stolen
Tire girl reminds me of
six acres
' .-xbv is like neither. They had course, ludk'Cipliiied natures ; sim ha» a giaud vaim soul, steadfast and strong and wf-ree peeling."
* "in. it is to say, >h*; would not leap
private stables for the Minister and goods still in his possession. The af-gvneral etables for others of the fair was promptly brought up in one legation, a doctor's house and a of the lower Courts, where Mme. De hospital, a parsonage and a chapel, a Rate objected to the disposition tem-echool and homed for teachers, beside porurily inode of her precious
ei îsive quarters f-/i servants
garment. It was, therefore, given into I he other legations, except the the custody of a higher Court, then American are maintained on the same taken to the rectord office, and, af-

genorui plan, though none of them on ter a year's time, through some mis-tio elaborate a scale as that main- understanding, actually sold, togeth-tained by the English. The American er with some other unclaimed goods, legation occupies the most humble at auction. What was paid fur it no-
princes of the blood, thou their ch il- quarters of any foreign
On body knows, 1 -• * neither its value ren and their grandchildren in succès- I the south side of Legation street nor its history was susjiected, it is " But we can #el them fr(>m BeH after thorn; then the palaces are just beyond the old marble bridge that likely that some thrifty shopkeeper
vacated and reassigned to princes of crosses the canal, it lies in the shadow secured possession of it for a i he manager shrugged hia shoulders i the reigning family.	of the great wall of the Tartar city francs.
dubiously.	I The fourth generation from the The Chinese cannot understand and THE SHAHS WONDERFUL CLOCK
mission
no-
gLuin."
few
"Belgium ironworks are in a very prosperous condition, just now. doubt if there are men to he had at Liege.'1
" royal family have no official title or h^ve itever ceased to I rank. Still all persons of royal de-1 speculate on how one
wonder and
Quite a punique clock has just been who lives so	made for the 9h ih of Persia, as	not
aownt, to the remotest	generation	are	I dimply	as the	American Minister	ran	only is the Teheran time shown.,	but
allowed to	wear the yellow girdle	in	expect	such	consideration uud	re-	the time in twelve other cities of	the
<lixxilive of	their royal	descent. These	aP^^t from the representatives of	the	world. The center dial which is	the
yellow girdle mon, of Huang Daizaa, I otlnxr l^owers who maintain court are one of the featured of Pekin. Many I with Oriental splendor in the magoi-of them have inherited wealth from fic-eot old pi tacos of
"And If these men leave us they forfeit all clabn upon my father’s funds ?”
f
largest, shows Teheran time, whilst the smaller dials show the time at Pekin, Washington, Yokohama, Bombay, Samarkand, Constantinople, Vienna, Rome, Berlin, Paris, St. Petersburg and London All the figures on the dials are in Persian character, including the names of the various cities, and each dial is mounted in a very handsome ormolu frame richly engraved.
the Mauchu
Princes
Some have complained that life in
Fur many
fortune. Some hang around the 1m- 7**™ it was comparatively quiet. The per ail offices seeking the humblest Ministers had little to do looking af-employmout; others are the scribes I tea* the interests of their Governments and teachers, and even servants may j and there were few complaints from
their citizens engaged in trade
How happy Hubert wua," he thought, as he paced up and duwu the	30 called ufiei tlie great Dane-
brook iron Works, where Mr. Daue-
bruok had established in this Midland centre woiks ,whi.ch rivaled in their magnitude three of Darlington, and competed with the Kruppa and the Uuckerilis of Germany and Belgium. Lady Carminow could hear the chink uf the steam hammers; and she always heard that sound in this place with a faint thrill of pride. She had Broad acres which gave her a position among the landed gentry, and of those she was proud; but these works were her kingdom. Here was the source of her wealth and here who reigned
The vast ness of those
be found wearing the yellow girdle.
The treaty wh.ch closed the French I throughout the Empire. 1 he delight-ground in this place ever since lean j a|uJ English war in	ANtiU first granted fut summers were spent in the old
remember. Twenty years ago our	t(> ^ pOWtj,ra	rjght to maintain temples	on the famous western hills
hands were better off than any oth-	^mUossies in the Chinese capital, overlooking the plain surrounding | Willie June* sat in wondering
er workmen in Brumm. But wages jn the ea-ny days, before the building | Pekin	flHhHHH
1. ive been going up, and our WAR** 10f the.railroad from I’kotein to Pekin
have remained the same. You had bet-	^ imt} travel	was up the river I summer	palace, Uie beautiful deer ! counted	a	yard	am	from	about	the	tip
ter go with the tide Lady Carminow, |	tv Tungchow, and	thence into the | park, or	to the royal potteries, where |	of	her	averted	nose	to	the	farthest
and let me raise the wages before the
library one morning, after he had let Uie shooters go out by themselves, on tile plea of letter» that must he written by hi» own hand.
SMELLING A YARD
Excursions and side trips to silence, watching his mother while she the great wall, the Ming tomba, the 1 measured some lengths of cloth. She
lie had promised to drive to Bruinin with Clarice and Mrs. Mulciber that afternoon, to go over the great Da nobrook iron works, of which Lady Ua r ini now was sole proprietor. Her uaiiku was on the carls and wagons.
' Chance, Marchioness of Carminow." Lishmur had never been over these mighty works, and he hated seeing works of any description—hated the of the engines, the smell of the furnaces, the grime and dust upvu everything, and was not very fond even of the operative», though • humanitarian age insisted that he should adore them.
He felt also that this exploration of the works was in some measure a sign of his bondage. He would be looked upon as Lady Carminow’s future husband.
the beautiful yellow, green and blue point she could reach by stretching porcelains which adorn the Imperial out her plump arm sidew ise—a method palaces are made under the direction | of measurement resorted to alike by
th.- in i le i n i the big, the long-armed
capital through the eastern one uf the
strike comes."
eouthe.ru gates of the city. Entering
I would much rather shut up the I	through this gate, the For bid -
works,” replied Clarice. “Please do not	with its imperial palaces laj
let us discuss the question any longer. ^ the west, and it was but natural I have brolight my friends to see the Quit the first Envoys should turn ; works, not to hear the usual doleful lJjc	8treet leading toward the
I prophecies about strikes which never prices, u st> happened that this
come. The Danehrook men know they Ltrect hod been for centuries the
are better off than any other men in | qUarter in which Judged the Envoys
from the tubuie-pa y mg neighbor» o She led the way, walking rapidly j jjj*. (jh..ne»e-Empi.re, Corea ns, Mongols, past the manager’s office into the j Tibetans and Indo-Chinese, and th»* heart of the citadel. lie had hardly |	which is known
time to snatch up his hat, give a hur-1 t ied direction to one of his clerks and
of a descendant of the original ioven
tor, furnished about all the excite- I and the short-armed of her sex, and
i
invnt that w<us to be found. In the j deemed by each as accurate as decisive, w inter time the succession of State Observing the fixity of her son’s gaze, dinners and legation bails was varied *he jwused for a moment to inquire
with ice carnival» held in the skat- v'hat the matter was.
Oh mamma, replied the i.itie boy, I
do wish you’d tell me how to .smell a
yard.
up
supreme
Plutonian halls, the multitude of blackened faces, the clang of the
ing rinks, which were made by flooding the tennis courts in the legation
Brumm."
engines, the roar of the furnaces, where the keels of mighty iron-clads and the connecting rods and cranks of laige locomotives were welded and fushioiHMl, impressed her woman’s
A MINISTER’S EXPERIENCE.
i mou g Lht
fure.gncid as Legation street is called by the Chinese the Street of Tributary Nation». The fact that the loreign-
thii
fancy with an idea of power factory was like an arsenal, and she
seemed to herself strong as a goddess	.
of war, when she made her slow pro- aD< . dst the dm <rf buge eilgmM’ quarter has in a large measure in
grefls from hall to hall preceded by an<l ID tbe be,lt and g,are ^ glunt fluent**! the Chinese in Lheur treat
deferential foremen and officials.	,UTna0C8’ Lt,rd Lashmar surveyod tbe meut of them, and while
source of Job Danebrook’s fortune
The
| get in front of (he little procession A foreman appeared! ulmoet by mag ©» I ,,pa t-siahiisii <1 themselve» in
Suffered Terribly with a Voilent Form of Itohing, Protruding Piles— Escaped a Dangerous and Painful Operation, and Was
Thoroughly Cured by
"Ye*, my brother Hubert was the happiest fellow 1 ever knew," he said to fcintoeif; "happy in spite of great affliction, for he always lived his own bfe—did not go thie way or th«*t, like a •hoop before a drover, as we wretched creature* all do, we bondslaves of •uMoin, fashion, self-interest well I remember him, in this room
u mistake was made in this reap , su:l th
It pleased her to think that Lashmar would see her amidst these surroundings. She had given no notice of her coming, and it seemed to her, as she alighted from her carriage in the great black quadrangle, that tne manager, who ran to receive her, was less effusive than usual. He bowed before her and spoke with baled breath, as to a queen, but he had a troubled look, which Lashmar s quick eye perceived.
"I’m afraid we’ve come at an awkward time,” he said gigantic jot in band, perhaps, in the throes of complet ion."
Dr. Chase’s Ointment.
He saw the hhge unshapely mass of
early Ambassadors chose wisely in w'bite hot faggots drawn from th® I selecting ’‘ftxr their residences the roaring furnace by the steam crane, | bandeomcal of the then uoccupied plucked as it were, from the mouth
While scores of thousands of people ; faith in it,, a* 1 hid triad various is-i all walks of life are being cured of m< ^ b-tore and to nu purpo.se.
"Now, imagine how great and joyous
pu» » »... U, CWM	rKSffl-JT-UMpXS
comparatively few are so considerate disappeared and ak*> iRî external
of the welfare of others as to help to swelling. I feel like a different man
Forbidden City and In* junt north of make knuwo this wonderful prépara- Jaod btt^ the least doubt
unite «net. The quainto^ «ml uon.Ihe «ollowing letterXromaMeth- ,r^ a very"Tnge“” Oriental magnificence of these ducal odist minister, who is held in hjgh es- ^ration and many years of muff,.,-palaces have been largely preserved l>\ teem in central Ontario where he h mg. ]{ ^ wiih the greatei	ure
SSHSS ElB—LFeH
changed; the open pavilions with tbcii the only actual cure for piles and itch- *o much for me. You are at
Lacquered pillars and rich carvings arc ‘“6 diseases.	perfect liberty to u»e this testimonial
used as baU rooms. The courts and Rev. S. A. ihiprau. Method L*t man- j a" v‘,u	bwefit ot °thers
|	||	Prince Edward Coun- Similarly afflicted.”
How
palaces belonging to the Crown.
The English selected a large palace which lay along the west side of a canal that drains the lakes within the
ft he miseries and discomforts of itching
of hell ; such a demoniac seeming spectacle as he had beheld years before "| at Woolwich Arsenal, where he went as a boy to see the drawing of a gun.
To Be Continued.
day after day, calm, restful, reading, meditating, writing a little. 1 must get hie literary remains published, by tbe by
They would make an inter-
esting volume life it seemed to me them; and now, by heaven, I almost envy him. He lived not alone, but with the giants nf the past. His companions were Fibs ns
What a dull, empty |
HER MISTAKE
M e Handout—You are not a native oi this country, are yoQf Weary Willie—Share I in, mum I But you ain’t de fust person del has mistook me far a politician.
You have some
I am steeped in blue-books, and party pamphlets, and newspapers, the chaff of the day and hour, etrewed so the wind and forgotten a year hence.”
Ho recalled his brother’s figure sit-Mng at the desk yonder, the crooked Shoulders hidden in the deep arm-chair, sne delicate hand supporting the pale bent brow, the other page of Otwn «r Roman poet, Eliza-
" Nu, it is not that, my lord,” an-
•amt

•wered the manager, gravely, kind of thing never puts us out of gear. But it is hardly a good time tor her ladyship to visit the works. Our men are on the eve of • strike.”

iatcr, Op—coon.
tv, Out., Nt iter*,—"! was troubled with No physician or druggist would iprtiing and bleeding pile» tor year*	think for a moment of recommending
details of the dwelling houses havv	and they ultimately attained to a very	any other - preparation than Dr
The true oœt I eimixon* writes	been changed to suit the requirements	violent form. Lirge lump* or abees-	( haep a Omtmaat as a cure for piles.
I Lady Carminow laughed softly,	poetry bweuee he «Imply can't help it.	of modern comfort, end there ia little	**LderaW.%W^tijt	ulvjr ÿt" Cè»	fwü'w ^
: pleasantly, as-at an irresistible joke.	Ten; and lb —eme to follow that no-	comparison between the neve rely	( was ,ble to otool. At this severe	piles uf any form, 60 cents a box, at
* 'That is a very old story," #be said	body should write poetry who can	simple furnishings of the former Chin	crisis I pu rehaw*! a box of Dr. Chase s	all d entons or Kdnsaueon, Bates 4 Co*
"I have heard that all my Lifo. Mj	help R.	os# occupante nod the luxuriously	Oiolmant, hot I had little or no	lorewWk
arbore and walks, with their rocker and terraces still stand, but thi
lee
A LOGICAL CONCLUSION
one an open
###PAGE###8###
4
»
1
H

i

3- '
I

Great Sale !
FALL TRADE
U KNOW U
Follow the Crowd to
WANT A FALL SUIT.
!
STEWART’S
Boot and Shoe Store.
Why wait until the rush is on? See our new Fall Suitings. They are the latest out, and give them a finishing touch that cannot help but please. Place your fall order now
with us.
We invite the public to examine our
Large Stock of Serviceable Fall Goods :
Flannels,
Kerseys,
Yarns,
Blankets,
Great reduction in Prices during |
the month of September.
All Spring and Summer Goods must go to make
room for Fall and Winter Goods.
we
Underwear, Moccasins.
Goats,
Overcoats,
Paqts,
Horse Blankets,

Rubbers.
Homemade Socks. Boots.
A. R. McGUIRE,
THE TAILOR.
Heavy Canadian Tweeds %+.+.«*+*+*$*+***	Skowhegan Oiltanned Moccasins,
&c., &c,, &c.
Opposite Pontiac House
SH AW VILLE,--------
)
»
QUE.
List of Prize-winners Continued from 1st Page.
-Alt Elli-itt 1. 11 T MvDowell 2. Bom of new«m—«1 Young 1, H T McVowell -¦
DAIRY DEP T.
ham 1, El» Armatrong 2, '1rs 0 Meara Embioidery chair tidy— Mrs McLol-I ni 1. Crochet cape—Mrs O Meara 1,
Mia .1 McCoahen 2, A Richarde:!, him-br. quin»—Mrs Rjrnett 1, A Richards -Display of Ladies' work, ornamental, the rk of one peiain—Mrs Harnett 1, Mm ,1U KSK.	me Elliott 2, Mrs O'Meara 3. Ornamen•
r-w.,.....:	...»	“J
Hilliard 1. Jas Arm-	-•	. a ;;t Ornamental needlework—cotton |jr‘Ntoj whurf and Sand Point " ill con
Kvvatl 4V» loaf, 1 : mu v mata.' ^	} Minne K hot t 1, Mu O Moiua 2, Annie ; t inne to do so this season us follows
s	e™.»3I.	- fcï it**»,Leave Bristol Wliarf
m	Er4'î SSL
iii.ii. v-n \ .¦!' i.y in	' fr.-'.,V.v 'i: |!iti”i.-Mr. Wm Umber i. Leave Sand Point
h"w in.ulv	hs tkly_Mv8 J, (« Elliott 1, Mn Barnett 2,
;
nLtt DRAWING AND PAINTING.	Alëxauder'î’and 2.
Painling on jara, one pair -Mmnie El-	SEEDS.
Iiott 1, Mrs R G Elliott 2. Painting on 0|)e bulhel fall wheat, Tims Marfa,lane —Mrs O’Meara 1, Minnie Elliott -, 1 ^ jîean o One bushel bearded wheat,
Mr* R 0 Elliott 3. India Ink drawing- McLellan 1, J .McDowell 2, L Cuth-Mrs H G Elliott 1. Pencil drawing- bert8on White Russian. W <i Me Mre R G Elliott 1, Miss Cuthbertson *, Dowe|1 ^ R McDowell 2. Red Fife or
Miss McCoshen 3. Crayon drawing - Scotch, John Armstrong 1, N McLvllan Mrs R G Elliott 1, Minnie Elliott -, M J<)9iS1 3i
E Corrigan 3. Oil painting portrait- white oats, A Bean 1, G Graham 2, W Mrs R G Elliott 1. Oil paimmg, scenery 0 McDowell 3.
in county—Mrs R <• Eliott 1, *4lies peft8^ commoa white, Jos Sly 1, A Cuthbertson 2. Oil paintmc, any tub	« R McDowell 2. Crown peas,
iect—MrsT Prendergaet 1, Mrs H G El- j j^^bitaille 1. W G McDowell 2.
Iiott 2, M E Corrigan 3. Mater color Bar, W W Shirley 1, W T Barber 2,
painting—Miss Cuthbertson 1, Mrs K u ^ Bean o White beans, small or mo Elliott 2. Water color on silk Mrs G. ,jium B Weigand 1, John Young 2, Jas G Elliott 1, Mrs Mitchell -, Mrs A Me Wilson 3.
Guire 3. Collection of flowers—Miss Me % „ Bean 1, H McDowell 2.
Coshen 1, Mrs G Meara 2.	Buckwheat, R McDjwell 1, \N A Ann*
.	! A , x,	I. i Juvenile department—Boys under W	Btrong o, S Barber 3.
ham 3. Lace cotton, kniitted-May	Gra-	ypani 0f age-24 page copy book-Gerald	p,a„eed, S Barber	1,	N	McLilkn	2,
ham 1, Annie Richards l, Alice Davis ...	Wainman 1 Girls under 13 yiys-^4	^ f; Kj|gour 3
Lace wool crochet —May Graham 1,	An-	copy book-J L Pritchard 1, Miss	Ti h geed \ Me Knight	1.	A	Bean 2
Richanls 2, M E l»mgim 3. Uce ;McDoweU o Mildred Prandergast 3, shawvflle Milling	C Vs. spssis! fo.	...	.
crochet—Annie Richards 1. Mis Mjnnje Taber 4, Dinah Graham Miss g00tch wheat, Jos Sly	1, John A rnntrong	. \Y OU Kl	) OU like	tO	S6t
Weigand (», Lucy Graham 7, Louilla 2| R McDowell 3.	|
Dowd Milling Go's special for White | oats, Jos Sly 1, N McLellan 2.
HO HT 1 CULTE UAL PRODUCTS
Bristol Wharf

l
ii
i
¦M
t-7*
FERRY
Y*
Pontiac Pad Junction By
We solicit your trade. We are aiming to establish a solid, reputable business honest business principles. Your children will be as liberally dealt with and as courteously served as yourselves. Any errors in accounts or in goods
gladly made right.
W(
CHANCE OF TIME.
Official Time Table :
en
on
•-
AM
P.M
Aylmer tBrevkenrldge t Kar-llvy Parker’* Crossing t Mohrs Quyon Wyman's tTank Bristol
McKee’s Shaw ville Clark’s
Campbell'- Bay ?Tank t Vinton C mlongo •Mettons Waltham
5.4*» Leave 6 00 “
Every day (Sunday* excepted>
At 8.00 a.m., and 4.00, p.rr
Brv
6.12
R.lrt
6.26
6.17
6.47
H.U
M

Em
ry day (Sunday* excel
At 10.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m
)
1
•.58
• 4
7.04
- Ill
7.26
1
Meeting all T%
7.45
7.1s
I lut toi Mi - Sun
8.«H)
7.1
CEORCE BALLANTINE,
8.03
6.12
1
l
8.30
n«l
M7
if'*
Leave t.u VFleg Station.
with Hull Electric Railway
12)5 Arrive
•Flag Station. tTanlt
E. HODCINS & SON.
smmion* -
LAWl'X DK VT
Connecting
at Aylmer.
P. W. ItESSEMAN,
GENERAL SVmUXTENDEXT
!
OÏÏÀIf À & GÂTISEAM!
von g
Fall aid winter Tsnie Table
Taking effect Oct. 16, 1699
It’s a Decided Fact
That our new Mill is giving the public entire satisfaction.
v20 p.m
>.„ii a.m
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa.
2 Train Arrive Ottawa Nos. 1 and 2, dally except Sunday
NO
+
o
tttsfigaSf
0611*1 fcup’t
Quality of Wheat Up-to-date Machinery Competent Millers
:
wo
I it‘get to
gau 2, Mrs
cotton—M K (orrigan 1 iiuu.lv yarn—Mr* Weigaiul 1,
Brownlee -, Mrs li McCredie :l mat, 2x3 feet — Minnie Klliott 1, Mrs T Wainnmn 2, M E Corrigan 3. Rag car—May Graham 1, Hannah McCredie 3 Mrs li Matheson3. Home made Man-ml, 10 yds—Mrs Weigand 1. Button holes on different materials—Mrs II Me* udiu 1, Mrs Woodley 2, Mrs McLellnn
cotton — Annie
Richards 1, Alice Davis 2, M E Corrigan 3. Quilt white, quilted-M E Corrigan 1. Machine sewing, 3 articles—Annie Richards 1, Ella Armstrong 2. Hand sewing-Mrs Weigaml 1, Minnie Elliott L\ Mrs .1 Brownlee 3. Plain sewing by girl tinder 14 years—Lore Da Barber 1, Miss Weigand 2. Shirt hand made tine — Mrs Weigand 1, Minnie Elliott 2. Shirt machine made, tine—Mrs Weigand 1, Mrs D Russell 2, Minnie Elliott 3. Man's shirt, flannel—Mrs Win Barber 1, Mrs D llussvll 2, Mrs J Brownlee 3. Specimen darning on stocking — May Graham 1, Mrs Bennett 2, Mrs Wm Barber 3. Lace wool, knitted — Annie Richards 1, Minnie Elliott 2, May Gra-
All leading bakers of Pon-
Floor
cozy—
TIME CARD,
In Effect JULY 2, 1900.
EASTERN DIVISION. Trains daily between
For sale at all times : FLOUR, FEED & MEALS.
put
Highest Market Price paid in Cash for Wheat.
THE SHAWVTLLE MILLING CO.
I
Coverlet knitted,
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
Furniture !
LIMITED TRAINS 2 HOURS. -J* MINI 1 ES. Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:-
'ElisEllfl
"ira
Parlor Car attached.
„a oe P. M.. Limited—Stops Glen Roberson, only.
iug Car, Ottawa to New l oik.
CO P. M. Local-Stops »t Intermediate stati
vV.. Has Pullman Parlor Car to Montreal.
Furniture !
Look out for the New Things !
Our Spring Line of Furniture is out of sight I
it ? If so drop in and inspect stock."
on*
me
cotton
D Russell 2, Minnie Elliott 3. Display of useful ladies work—Mrs O Meara 1, Mrs Weigand 2.
N B.—Two pairs of fancy w«k*1 slippers for which there is uu class highly recommended.
Trains arrive at Ottawa C2tiar.il Depot :
through Buffet Sleeping Car New Vork to Ottawa.
1 o< p. M. Limited- From Montreal and points *agt, leaving Montreal at 11.00 a.m. Hu 1 oilman Pat lor Car.
-.7 35 P. M. Local—From Montreal. Valley field and intermediate points, Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, and points west. Hal Pullman Parlor Car, Leawng Montreal at 4.10, p. in.
VO ip p. M. Sunday only; Fr un Montreal and intermediate l-oints, leaving Montreal at p.m. Cornwall. Kingston, Toronto and points west. Has Pullman Parlor Car attached.
nlC 15 P; M. Limited—From Montreal leaving at , connecting with I.C. Ry. Express from lias Pullman Parlor Car.
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEbT.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Pe]>ot :
H 1.5 A. M. For Amprlor. Renfrew. Egnnville, Pembroke, Barry's Bay, Whitney. Canoe Lake. Parry Sound and interme<liate points.
4 40 P M. For Amp. lor. Renfrew, Egan ville, Pem broke, Madawnska and intermediate station*.
1 OO P M; Mixed Train for Arnvrtor, Renfrew Egat,ville, Madawuskaand intermediate stations.
Young 8.
BOOTS.
Fair kipp pegged boots—Jos Sly 1.
HARNESS.
Carriage harness double—A Smiley 1, J L Shaw 2. Lumber harness—A Smiley 1.
IMPLEMENTS AND CARRIAGES.
Lumber wagon—Jos Sly 1, A Bean 2. Express wagon—D Dull 1, U McCredie 2, Single buggy—W 11 Lucas 1, S Armstrong 2. Double sleigh with rack, whif-Hetrees and neck-yoke—S Armstrong 1.
Double driving sleigh—T Prendergast 1.
Double cutter—Jae Hudgins 1. Single cutter—W C Young 1, S Armstrong 2.
POULTRY.
In Parlor Suites
Turnip Beeti, A Bean 1, W W Shirley
Q
' Mangolds, long, Peter Dumas 1, W G McD well 2. Mangolds short, W G McDowell 1, A Bean 2.
Multiplying onions, John McDowell 1, W A Armstrong 2. Seed onions, John Young 1, L Cuthbertson 2. Top onions, Jas Wilson 1, John Armstrong 2.
Orange cants (short horn table), A Bean 1, M Le Roy 2 White Belgium, long, A Bean 1. White Belgium, short, WC Ilodgms 1, W G McDowell 2.
Sweed turnips, purple top, R McDow ell 1, Wm Horner 2. Swede yellow top, Wm Horner 1, W G McDowell 2
Five Ox Heart cabbage, John «McDowell 1. Five Flat Dutch cabbage, W A Armstrong!, W G McDowell 2. hive Drumhead cabbage, W A Armstrong 1, Jam Wilson 2
Specimen of grapes, 10 lbs, M Le Hoy 1, L Weigand 2, A Elliott 3.
Bast display of potatoes in pail, 4 varieties, John G Armstrong 1, S Barber 2, A Bean 3.
Best display of apples, W A Armstrong 1, A Elliott 2, It McDowell 3.
FANCY WORK
Frame are New Coverings are New Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
Embroidery on ribbons—Mrs Barnett 1, Mrs H McCredio Embroidery on drawn O’meara 1, A Richards 2, Mrs Barnett 3. Embroidery table centre—M Elliott 1, Mrs McLellan 2, Mrs Matheson 3. Em
easel scarf—Mrs J handkerchief
2, A Richards 3 threads —Mrs
broidery piano or Smith l, A Richards 2 ¦ I or £jloV6 box—Mrs J Mc^ »sh(?n 1 $ Mrs A McGuire 2. Glass «love case—Mrs Bar nett 1. Glass jewel case—Mrs Barnett 1. Sofa pillow—A Richards 1, Mis .! McCoshen 2, Ella Armstrong 3. Toilet cushion—Mrs Barnett 1, A Richards 2, Mrs O'Meara 3. Tatting-Minnie Elliott 1, Mrs O’Meara 2. Crochet in silk -Mrs Barnett 1, Mrs O'Meara 2, May Graham 3 Crochet undershirt—A Itch ards 1, Mrs O’Meara 2. Wool wreath— Mrs T Prendergast 1, Mrs Dumas 2. Table mats crochet—Mrs N\ H Lucas 1, Mrs J Wilson 2, Mrs Barnett 3. Table mats embioidered — Mrs V) Meara 1. Crazy work—Mrs Barnett 1, Mrs A McGuire 2, Mis T Reid 3. Lamp mats, fimey—A Richards 1, Mrs A McGuire 2, Mis T. Prendergast 3. Toilet set —A Richards 1. Ella Armstrong 2, Mrs W II
Central Depot, Russell Bob Bloct. £•; Irat^Wiii
Ticket* to Europe end all part* of the world by *J1 moss, ornamental—M E Corrigan 1, Mrs America* and Canadian «Uaiuibip lines, aluo Cook 8 * Smiley 2. Tidy Crochet—Mary Gia-loure.
7.50 p.œ all points east
What’s the use of making % stump speech every time you try to sell a
Sideboard,	Bedroom Suite,
Extension Table,	Spring Mattress,
Dining-room Chair, Wool Mattress, Kitchen Table,	Parlor Table,
Kitchen Chair,	Hall Rack,
Bedstead,	or Lounge ?
Show the products of the best manufacturers, they do their own talking.
(iee»e-T Reid 1, U McDowell 2, W A Armstrong 3.
Bionze turkeys—W A Armstrong 1, & T Brownlee 2, W. 0 McDowell 3. Tur keys* not bronze—J (ireenehields lf K McDowell 2, W A Armstrong 3.
Light Brahmas-Dr. Alexander 1 and 2, A Grant 3. Light Brahma chickens— Dr Alexander 1 and 2, A Grant 3. Dark Brahmas—Dr Alexander. Chickens—Dr Alexander. Silver spangled Hamburg*— Dr Alexander 1 and 2 Black Spanish— Dr Alexander 1, J M Hudgins 2 arid 3 Chickenr—Dr Alexander 1, 2 and 3.
mrnrn
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :
11 lO A.M. From Madawaska, Pembroke, Egan-ville. Renfrew. A rnprior and intermediate pointe.
55 P. M From Parry Hound. Eganville, Ren fi>w, Àniprior aud intermediate points.
9 Ml P M. Mixed Trains from Madawaska, Egan-Renfrew, A^ rior and intermediate stations.
• —Trains running daily except Sunday, b—Sunday only.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
"CUTHBERTSON, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT,
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
ens
