###PAGE###1###
SH A WVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P.Q., THURSDAY,
DEC. 8,	1898.
Vol. XVI, No. 24.
\	SUBSCRIPTION
* Orne Dellar a Year ia tdvaiM
WM- GAMBLE,
Are you using Dowd’s Flour f
THE MERGHiNTS' BANK
It is reported that Beech Grove Post offl-jo is to ba closed after January 1st.
The Conservatives of East Wellington have protested the election of Hon. Mr. Gibson.
Mr. Burroughs and family of Onslow, we understand have taken up residence in town on Pickanock St., tn Mr. J. G. Elliott's house.
The Shawville Marble and Gran-itoWorks, Alex. McDonald, proprietor, turns out a superior class of work in Monuments, Headstones, etc. Prices reasonable
Messrs. Budd Bros, of Renfrew, have a deer at their store which ie proving quite an attraction. The animal ie enow white, not a dark spot on its body, and warn killed near Mt. 8t. Patrick.
Lecture.—Rev. J. M. Coffin, of Bristol, will deliver a lecture in Hudgins’ hall on Wednesday evening, Dec. 14th, under the auspices of the Chuich Workers’ Association of this village. His subject will be : Newfoundland -Its people, customs, occupation, etc. etc.
Pembroke council has settled Mr. Chae-Millar’s claim arising fr«>in the death of his daughter from falling through the Maiy street bridge for $100; and paid $250 to the Murray estate for the loss of a team through the collapse of the same structure.
Fifteen years ago or more ago—at all events when the K & P. was just building into Renfrew—Mr. John Quinn, of Campbell1* Bay, in Pontiac county, made a purchase at % I at wa* then Barr <fc Wright's of a $3 26 trunk and a $1 pair of mitts. Juat as he was loading them on his vehicle at the doorway the team started to run away, and Mr. Quinn was carried off with out having paid for the goods. It was supposed he would come hack and pay the first time he was in town, and the transaction was not booked. In fact it was forgotten until last week, when Mr. Quinn turned up at A. A. Wright & Co s and reminded them of the affair. He said that he had never been hack in Renfrew since that day, he was not much of a writer, and was never too flush of cash; but he had always had the affair in mind, and had some business at this time to bring him over to pay the debt; which he did.—Mercury.
Guns, rifles and ammunition
BARRISTER, &*.,
169 Main Street,.........
At Hbawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Offlce-over G. F. Hodglns* Store, Main St.
\
J. H. Shaw
Hull.
07 CANADA
See Cuiltbertson & Graham's stock of furniture. They have the best selected stock ever brought into the county.
Principal Grant will publish a book in which ho will define his attitude on the prohibition question.
Birth.—In this village, on Saturday the 3rd inst., the wife of Mr. John Smith of a daughter.
Dr. L. Mulligan, Veterinary Surgeon, who left this village some time ago, has returned, and taken up practise here again.
Master Albert and Edward Finnigan, will have charge of the Shawville rink this year, and have commenced to get it in readiness for the approaching season.
will open a Branch at
BANK OF OTTAWA
SHAWVILLE
Head Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . 91,500,000.00 Rest ...	.......9U25.000.00
About 1st December.
Board of Directors :
Charles Magee, Esq., President. George Hay, esq.,Vice President.
John MATur.tt, David Mac.Lakkn, Knj.
Merchants Bank.—Messrs. F. A. Park man, manager, arid U. L. Whitman, accountant, have arrived in town and will bo ready to do business as soon as the safe arrives, which is expected daily.
LOST - Between Radford and Bryson about 29:h Oct., a bag of carpet rags. Finder will oblige by leaving at this office, at S. Armstrong's, Radford, or return to the owner, John Smith, Bryson.
Mackie, one of the crooks who figured in the now famous Napaneo bank robbery case, was sentenced on Friday last to ten years' imprisonment. In the case of Ponton, the jury disagreed, ten being for acquittal and two for conviction. The jury were consequently discharged. This will necessitate a new trial.
Deposits Received,
IIon. Geo. Bryson. Jk.
Alex. Eraser, Bbq ,
Court Shawville,
No 876.

Dennis Mi kmiy. Esq.
GEORGE BURN D. *. F1NN1E
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
General Manager (Local) Manager
ms.
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. S. Barnktt, K.B
Messrs. IIodgiiiN Bros., of North Clar endon, killed a nog last week that weigh
eel 685 lbs. The animal was only Hi months old.
The « late of the tea meeting in connection with St. Paul's Church has been decided for Thursday, Dec. 29th. Look out for advertisement later.
in the Domlu-
Draft*	on all Banking |h>1iiIii
Ion, United State* and Great Britain.
Note* and Bill* collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current rate*.
LB.C
;
J. A. Cowan, It H
W. J. Eadkh, C. R.
Sum* of $1 and upward* rerrlved i.i Havings De pertinent. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Hours—10 a. in. to 3p. in. Saturday 10a in to 1 p. m.
Dr. J. E. TAGGART, L.D. S., D.D.S.,
The second trial of Cordelia Yiau, accused of the murder of her husband, Isidore Poirier, in November, 1897, in conjunction with one Sam Barslow, began at Stv. Scholastique on Monday.
The convict Prévost who was convicted at Pembroke some time ago for stealing furs, and who was sentenced to five years’ imprisonment, lias been taken to Port Arthur, for trial, on a charge of being implicated in the murder of two men near that place about two years ago.
John T. Ni block, Ottawa Superintendent for the London Life Assurance Company, has got himself fairly into the toils for perpetrating a series of forgeries in connection with insurance claims. It apperrs he forged the names of two or three physicians to certificates of alleged doaths of policy holders and drew the amounts from the Company.
The sneak thief seems to be the most contemptible reptile in existence. There is no expedition too mean for him to undertake, if he considers it will result in gain to himself. One or more of the degraded set effected an entrance into St. John’s Church, Ottawa, before daylight oil Sunday morning, and took all they could find of personal use to them—only a few coppers from the poor box.
The most expensive building operations of their kind ever attempted in Ottawa are being carried on at the new *h >ps of the Canada Atlantic and O., A. & P. S. railways. By next summer the company will bo manufacturing i s own rolling and construction plant, and will control one of the moat extensive workshops in America. The new shops will have a floor an a of forty acres. The machinery will be opt rated by electi icily.
Recently Mr. Win. Baines purchased from Mr. Wui. Beatty one of the old Snider Enfield rifle*, and during the deer season hia son took it out into the wood*. Seeing a deer at about 400 yards distant he fired and brought down the deer. Looking at the spot where it fell ho saw ir—as he supposed—rise again, so he tired another shot, and waited a few minutes Nut seeing the animal rise he concluded it was fatally wounded and started for th-* spot, finding to his astonishment not one, but two deer lying side by side dead Since then Mr. Haines has bought two move Snider -Enfield rides for his other boys—Parry Sound Star.
Werm^0ton8trkeea."d | OTTAWA!
£JT Special attention given to appointments made by mail.
A grave suspicion is gaining ground that the Lee-Endfield rifle with which the Canadian Military forces are presently armed, lias sonic very serious defects, which might render it useless in the hour
A thorough inspection of the arm is regarded as necessary, and it is likely it will he made without delay.
“THE EQUITY”
Is issued from tho office of Publication, Shawville every Thursday.
Subscription, $1.00 per Annum.
C. C. STEWART,
of need
PHYSICIAN
AND SURGEON
(l R C V. ANU H , BDIN.)
OFFICE,
Advertising rates made known on applies lion.
Mr. W. J. Green, photographer, of Arn-prior, closed business at the Pontiac House gallery here oil Tuesday, after a profitable week’s work, as the result of a
We un-
o
True Bill Against Riopelle
Correspondence of local interest solicited from all parts of the country.
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices inserted free ; but obituary lines, or “poetry” will be charged at the rate of Scents per line money toaccompnny the manuscript In every case.
ELMSIDE, QUE
At the Hull Assizes on Friday the grand jury returned a true bill against Andre Riopelle, of Eardley, for the murder of Leo nee Boyer. A renewal of bail for the accused was refused by the judge.
judicious use of printer’s ink derstand Mr. Green intends removing shortly from Arnprior to Peterborough. It is likely the Pontiac House gallery will by Mr. Gallagher «»f Quyon.
Walter McLean, of Eardley, met with a severe accident while out hunting last week with Mr. Pilon and others party were walking in single file Mr. Pilon being in the rear, carrying his rifle over his shoulder wuh the muzzle pointing towards Mr. McLean. A branch ciught the trigger discharging the gun, the entire chaige entering Mr. McLean's thigh. If a member of the party had not known enough to tie a piece of coid tight ly around the leg just above the wound Mr. McLean would probably have bled to death as he had to be carried five miles on a stretcher before medical assistance could be secured.
B0URBEA1I RAINVILLE, L. L L
)
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
Will attend all the Courts of the District, especially when required.
)
he taken
J. A. COWAN, Publisher
Gold In Onslow
gocal and (Smcr&L
The
S.A. MACKAY, B.C.L.
Last Wednesday's Ottawa Journal had the following interesting item, which was certainly “ news " to many who had not previously heard of the discovery :—
“ It is thought that one of the richest gold mines in Canada has been located in Pontiac county, about twelve miles from Quyon. The property is located in close proximity to the line of the P. & P. J. railway, and is in the best position for shipping that could be had. The property belongs to Mr Patrick Clarke, a retired metchaat of Quyon, who now resides on Stewart street, this city. Mr. Clarke found the gold on the property some time ago, and as it was in good paying quantities, ho at once decided to form a company and develop it. In this he has been successful, as at present the full amount of stock is subscribed, and by some of the wealthiest capitaliste in the United States and Canada.
i HOW THE GOLD WAS FOUND.
The manner of the discovery of Mr. Clarke’s mine, referred to above, was rather peculiar. A man named Kelly while on his way home from a funeral, was struck with the peculiar appearance of a stone fence by the road side. Upon examination il turned out that the fence contained rich gold quartz. A carelessly put question elicited the information as to where the quartz was obtained and a prospecting visit to the locality brought about the present excitement over the find.
NOTARY PUBLIC,
LE UK of the District Magistrates’ Court at Hhawvllle. Money to lend on e:,sy terms on farm and village property. Notary for “ The Kellai.ce Loan and Waving* Company” of mtarlo.
JHT- Will visit Bryson every Thursday.
c
Have you tried Dowd's “High Loaf Flour ?
Overcoats for men and boys ; finest stock in town
The Merchants Bank has also opened a branch in Eganville.

J. H. Shaw
ARTHUR tlcUONNELL,
TTOKNEY AT LAW, Main Ht. Hull, Que, will, at request, attend ttllcourts In the district. All sorrespondenceprompf ly answered.
Will be at siiawvlllc-flrst Thursday ofcacb month.
A

Men’s mitts and Moccasins—immense stock—all kinds.
J. H. Shaw.
The County Council will hold its regular December meeting on Wednesday nex‘, the 14th inat.
The Raymond Sewing Machine equa’s any in the market. For sale by A. Smiley Shawville, from $20 up.
A grand concert is on the boat da for Tuesday evening,Dec. 27th, at Jos. Roy’s hit'l, Otter Lake. See posters.
Dr. Stewart of Elniside, advertises that he intends making professional visits to Upper Thorne Centre every Friday.
Mr. John R tchie of the Quyon boom, who spent a few d«y* hunt ng in Thon e last week, returned on Satuiday with a
trophy of the expedition.
Mr. A. Gasselin, assistant clerk of Montreal, was one of the victims who went down with the ill-fated steamer Portland. One of the many Inxlies washed ashore has been identified as his.
Parkin an P. 0. Removed.
Mr. W. D Le Sueur, of the P. O. Department, was up on Thursday last superintending the removal of Patkman Poet office from Mr. Smart's to Mr. Silas Young’s store at Starke’s Corners learn this office in its new location is to be served twice a week from Radford.
Rev. H. Piaisted's successor in the Pariah of Portage du Fort, Bryson and Clarke’s will be Rev. Robert Warrington, late of Chapleau, Ont. Rev. Mr. PI listed’* friends tendered him a “ farewell 1 at Portage du Fort last Wednesday evening, and presented him with a puise of $02 as a parting gift.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,

• HU QUE.
72 MAIN ST.
Will attend Superior and Circuit Court at Bryson, also other Courts lu Pontiac.. District when required.
We
.MS. HOVE 4k Co.
anufacturinu stationers,booksel
iern. Bookbinders PrinLera, etc. Deixiaitory f the Ottara Auxiliary UibleSoclety,Ottawa,Ont.

M
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
AILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT Shawville Que., respectfully solicits <age me ills for any Uusluessln connection with all Courts In the County, Jollectlons m ideand prompt returns insured
B
tine buck as a
en
Card of Thanks
Editor Equity.—
Sir—I desire through the medium of your columns to return my very thanks to the people of Shawville and surrounding country for the very liberal patronage which they have extended to me since I began making regular visits to Shawville, and especially on the occa-of this my last visit. I may add that it pleases me very much to know that my relations with the public have been of the most cordial nature, throughout, and I trust that those who have given their % patronage, in like manner have reason to feel that they have been fairly dealt with and have received good value for their money.
2»
, I
BAILIFF OF SUFERIOR COURT, OFFICE COURT ST., SHAWVILLE
sincere
MAGNXSSIPPI
Shawville Produce Quotations
At Quyon, on Wednesday, Mias Gertrude Lawson, youngest daughter of Mr. Walter Lawson, formerly of this town, was married to Mr. A. Smith, son of Capt. Smith. Mies Jennie McArthur, of this town, and Mr. A. Smith, biothor of the groom, were the assistants.
o
D. Kennedy’s Camp, Dec. 2.—We are having nice weather here—just a light covering of snow, with all the lakes frozen over and ice good.
Our boss shot a fine bear to-da log makers (D. Sullivan and P. started the animal on the previous evening, and he followed his track about daybreak this morning, through swamps and over mountains, and finally located him under a cedar root at noon. The animal turned to show battle, but a well directed bullet through his skull settled his hash. It required the united strength of two men to lift the carcase off the ground.
One of thi: Boys.
Accounts collected and prompt returns made
All courts attended.
00 t< 25 00 to 50
Oats.................
peas.................
Buckwheat...........
Rye.................
Eggs, (fresh,).......
Wool................
Butter..............
Pork per 100, dressed
Hay per too.........
Calfskins............
Hides,..............
Pelts...............
Turkeys.............
G rest...............
Chickens............
Ducks...............
38
St. Lawrence Hall,
37 to 40
sion
y. The
llaerty)
15
16 to 18
14 to 00 4.65 to 4 90 9 00 to 10 00 .... 36 to 50 00 to 6 50 .	40 to 75
.... 7 to 8c.
.... 5 to 5£e. .... 5 to tie. .... 6 to 7c.
The exceptionally fine weather which prevailed for the past ten days, was sue ceeded by a very heavy snow fa 1 on Sunday night and Monday, and as the roads were in good condition to receive ir, the change from wheels to runners was quickly made by the majority of po p!e whose business required them to drive
Mrs C M McLean,
Proprietress.
# *
i no
Good Accommodation. Table aud Bar always well furnished.
First-class Liveiiy Attached.
Respectfully yours,
Shawville, Dec. (1, 1898. J. W. Green
PONTIAC housf
out
Report of Shawville Academy
For the second time in a few rnontl s the summer residence, of Mr. S. U. Rudd of Ariiprior, has been visited by sneak thieves. The last time Mr. Rudd end his hired man were watching the barn, as they expected some 41 imoi.ks ” to bn aronud that night; but while engaged watching the barn the 44sneaks ” bn ke into the house and appropriated severrl articles of value.



Academy Department

A Cruel Act.
OTTAWA MARKETS.
The following are last Srturday’s quota lions on the Ottawa market :
Peas 50 to 60 cents.
Oats, 26 to 28c.
Wheat, 70 to 76c.
Rye, 45 to 50c.
Buckwheat, 40 to 45c.
Barley, 28 to 30c.
Hay, $6 *o $9 per ton.
Straw, $4 00 to $6 00 per ton.
Potatoes 60 to 65c per bag.
Veal, 4 to 5c per lb.
Lamb, 6 to 8c per lb.
Butter, print, 1G to 18 cents.
Butler, tub, 13 to 15 cen s.
Eggs, f<e*b, 2C to 26 c* nr*.
Eg. a, stored. 16 to 00 cents.
Apples, $2.60 to $3 00 per bbl. Tomatoes, 15 ce ns per gallon.
Hide* rough, 6; per pound


MS
Grade II — 1, E lna Armstrong, 2, K- nneth Naylor, 3, Arthur Wilson, 4. Clarence Naylor. Grade I. — 1, Winnie Knox, 2, Arthur Knox, 3, Hamid Hobbs, 4, Zella Draper
Dr. J. K. Kelly, of this town, owned 44 Dean,” a Great Dane dog that was the best known and most prominent canine in Though young, he weighed 165 lbs., and was still growing. He was an affectionate brute, with a love for children, and it was surprising how many of the lit tie folk made friends with thegood* natured big fellow. There was great-indignation through the town on the fnorn-iug of Thanksgiving Day when it was learned that during the night some person or persons had taken the dog down to a secluded spot near Mr. O. Cannon’s old factory and out h*e throat from ear to ear. The dog got away from them and made his way to the Commercial House yaid, where he was found dead at daylight. A reward of $50 has been offered for information that will secure for the guilty par ties their deserts.—Almonte Gazette.

m

town
Ethel Seifert. B A
Principal
I
Model Department.
Grade 1.—1, Eva Knox and Fiorei.c-Elliott, equal, 2, Clifford Km x, 3, Annie Hayes. Giadell.—1, Wilfrid Armstrong 2, Lavinia Richards, 3. Willie Shaw, 4,
M. E. Mai (li:i (.(>!•,
Teacher.
Dr. H. H. Knox, who has been its poor health fur some time past, left on Tuesday to spend some months in the south western States. He goes from here to Dakota, where his brother R- bert resides, and from there he will visit Colorado, to ree if the reputed invigorating climate of that section will benefit him We shall be glad to learn that the
:

A g ret Mackay



afi
Senior Elementary Department. Grade II—1, Kathleen Wi'aon, 2 Athold Knox, 3, Gerald Wtinmnn. S *. nior Grade III —1, Berna MvCrnd e au<
Herbie D 3, James
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
any
change will have the deaired affect, and that the doctor will return home again fully restored to health.
Mrs. Robert Knox, and her water, Miss Wilson, accompany the doctor.
Proprietor

CALDWELL,
This hotel will he found fully equipped for the accommodation of the public generally, and especially commercial men. Free ’bus meets all trains. Good livery In connection.	. .
Ladles' and genta.blcyclea.kept for hire
age, equal, 2, Verna McGuire, Crawford, 4, Luella Dale.
E. Smith.

v
###PAGE###2###
V


nershlp with Jowph Hodges, and both carried on bprofitable buxines*.
Hut Marian never forgot her ter-
Never after this did she
INCIDENT OF THE PLAGDE
ways of utilizing unmerchantable apples Is to turn them into cider. When crops are at their best a very large portion of the fruit ought never to go onto the market as such. It tilings no price itself and only serves to create an appearance of abundance which depresses the pi toe that would other-
FOR TALKATIVE WIVES.
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
lesson BHHHIHHHI interrupt her htialmnd in company
with needles* correction*.
In B thriving village la located * jewelry «tore of high standard, its sole proprietor being Joseph Ilodgea, a business man on no small scale wife Marian is a faithful life partner, and does all she can to moke his home one of peace and comfort.
"What's the matter, Joseph?’* she asked, having removed bef coat and bonnet and taken a seat by the fire. They had just returned from an evening party ¦he repeated, drawing nearer the gate. 1 'You have been no sober and torpid
BRITAIN GOVERNS INDIA BT LOVE AS WELL AS FORCE.
RAISING CALVES
His
How ihe PmHindoo* mod M#h*m. iiittlno* linlhered lo Honor l.*IUn( Mu|or Xlm liln A Typlrnl Inrldrnl.
INDUSTRIOUS MONARCHY
The farmer and dairyman who expects to continue iu the business will ,	,	,	, _	,
fini! ,t to his interest to raise a mm,- wls,‘ be	for «o0(1 trult-
many apple growing states the unmerchantable part of the crop in good
In
“Pnrnty 1.1*» Ihr Mr*d Ihnl Mrer* *
(town. It n Trnr *«> Inu.
••As happy am a king” is an old way I September 25 the scene of a remark-of expressing the idea of perfect hup- able outburst of native gratitude to pi ness, but possibly happiness is not so la plague magistrate, says the London
\ j truly a characteristic of royalty ua Mail.
hard work is, and "as busy as a king" Itelgauni is a military station in may yet be considered a more fitting Wee tern India, and has been the scene
The working day of the of a virulent plague epidemic. Major
The Helgaum railway station was on
her of calves each year to replace older cattle that have been disposed of. There Is a vast difference in calves
years is placed at as high as 40 per I cent. The manufacture of cider in tiny small way is, however, unprofitable com merci illy. Exact experiment has | shown that with even the best hand ‘ grinders and presses, only two gallons of filer is obtained from an average bushel of apples, as against four gallons when a medium-sized custom grinder and press, run by an eight-horse power engine, is used. Counting unmerchantable apples to be worth A cents a bushel it would cost to make the cider, 6 cents per gallon by the former method, while by the latter the cost was but two and three-tenths
)
Some
?
b>y not worth keeping until maturity. J li such should be fatted for veal and disposed of, at five or six weeks old. With a little care, practice and the exercise of good judgment, one can form a pretty good idea of whit a calf will be at maturity when only a few days old. If intended for the dairy the calf should be closely examined as to the conformation of the udder and tents. One can see in miniature these important organs, and hive a fairly definite idea of what they will be like at mat urity
shaped and has the appearance of being of good size with four good sized teats properly and widely placed, the calf hid better be rejected and fed for the butcher. Ry turning the calf on Its hack the udder and teats can easily be examined. I h ive been offered well-bred Jersey calves thit 1 would scarcely have taken as a gift at a year old for the dairy, because their teats were so closely placed that it would have been almost impossible to milk them. It was a mistake to raise such a calf ; It ought to have lie.en converted into veal. If the calf Is ini ended for veal, It can take its milk from the cow in a natural way, or the cow can be milked and the mi k given the coif to drink; but this is not usually considered an good as letting the calf take it direct from the cow, for the reason that it will drink too fast, and not being properly mixed with saliva as it is swallowed, the calf is more liable to have indigestion and stomach and towel trouble. This objection might be ol>-?lated by using a patent calf feeder, from which the calf is oi liged to take Its milk more slowly. The calf should not remain with the row longer than the first day of its life. Some stockmen prefer to take it from her as soon
»
What'h the matter?
companion
king» and queens of Euroiw, unlike | Minrhin, of the India Staff Corps, was that of ome of their subjects
all the way home."
"I’ll tell you, Marian," he replied "but don't lie offended at what I’m
Were I to recite a vol-
bas | Helgaum’scantonment magistrate, and been shortened by law, on him develop'd the duty of directing
never yet
and it certainly is not abortened by | the fight against the pestilence among
the native populstlOtt* Major Minehin
aliout to aay unie of small talk 1 couldn’t tell you now you have wounded my feelings tonight."
cast ora
The Emperor of Germany is not to I left Helgaum for England on the date be found in bed later than five o’clock | mentioned above.
in the summer, although ill i be winter he does not begin bis day’s labors |dla," thus describes his departure:— until six. Since t he empress, herself prepares his morning cup of coffee, I the station and floral decorations — she, too. rises early, and the young the spontaneous offerings and labours German princes are brought up to fol- [of affectionate hearts. No official whip low the example of their parents The Princess of Wales, when at Mar-I officials had been busy supervising borough House for the London season, | mere task work.
is one of I he hardest-worked women in
"Me—wounded your feelings?" she uttered, looking at her husband in
What do you meanf" "Don’t you remember your remark when 1 was discussing bicycles with Mr. Daniels?"
"No. I’m sure I don’t : what did I
A correspondent of the "Times of In-
i’ niess t h> udder is well
surprise
"There were triumphal arches about
cents per gallon. At this latter price filler can he very profitably used to wi'l, when made into jelly by boiling, manufacture vinegar, to make and en« ri h jellies and to make leverages. The manufacture of really good elder for
\
had guns forth—no highly placed native
say ?"
"Well, when T said my wheel cost $90 you interrupted me and said only $85."
I'd like to
THE GREAT CROWD
con-uimp»ion as such is ns much of an art as wine making, and indeed many of tha all »ged "wines" imported and
sold in this country as the fruit of the humor, for, like many others.
vin*» are really the product of the apple] didn’t like to discuss her faults, orchard. It Is not, however, to the production of cider to he consumed as such, that we would especially direct the attention of the owner of the unmerchantable apples. The better use for the elder that con he made by one who is not an expert is the manufacture of vinegar, jellies, marmalades, etc. To nuke pure elder vim car no matured apples are too poor. The process of fermentation, if left to itself Is slow, hut by mixing considerable ouanl Ities of fermented cider and old vinegar, fermentation can lie greatly I casion to hastened. In making jelly suitable for table use the addition of a pound of sugar to each five pounds of cider, produces a very cheap, good and palatable jelly at a very low cost. Eleven gallons of cider, is it comes from the press, over naif a mile."	more rest
yield about forty pounds, probably ««indeed I cannot see anything so The queen herself, although she is oul»e as mu-'h as any family would . , . ' .. .nvwav •• «he answered • not now n young woman, never goes
care to put up. Cider is also a good	^ a >ou t, } J.	'	to bed before twelve	o'clock, and is	ing rain, rank upon rank, weeping and
medium in which to boil apples for the I "you are forever accusing me	of my	awakened	food after	seven in the	lingering to the last glimpse of the
manufacture of marmalade, but for faults."	morning. During the day her time is j departing train, before they plodded
this purpose a somewhat letter quality “Now, Marian dear," he said, draw- fully taken up that she has none to wearily back to their dull hard lives, of apples Is renuired. With apples at I .	. .	. .	,	' h r nfi fnn<ilv down and rest, as most of her out of which they left that one ele-
20 cents a I n hel marmalade ran be lng . c 11 r	„ ...	subjects have after reaching her age. meut of gladnens was lost for ever,
msnufactured in the	way suggested I caressing her golden head, will you	T),* late Empress	of Austria	was	1 "On the platform the better classes
for less than 2 cents	a round for the promise to never again correct me in	perhaps the earliest	riser of	all	the	I -fellow-workers with Major Minrhin
cost of the material.	The figures of company and wound my feelings as you	roy al penonages of	Europe.	She	al-	i in fighting the plague—all the leading
manufacturers show that f«om ,	.	. . .	lowed herself only the short sleep to shopkeepers, bankers. Parsees, Hin-
ei-vhty pounds of sliced fruit, to which	to"nlg	bei snatched between eleven o'clock at doos, and Mohommedans, crowded
eight gallons of cider and thirty-five	Mrs. Hodges made no decided	piom-	njght and	three the	next morning,	atiout him. Every man offered gar-
pounds of sugar have been added, llfi	ise. but she resolved to do the liest	After that	she was up., and the worst	lands, and Major Minchin, who would
pounds of marmalade can be made. Tn she could, and here the matter rested of it w.iai that she insisted on her un- refuse his friends nothing, was barely In albumen th in from the same row m king marmalade it is a great saving ! for the present.	fortunate suite being up also.	I visible under the load of flowers he
later, and Is nature’s special prépara- to boil t h» apples end then pass them I One night two weeks later Mr. Hod-	j Ixire
tiop for the new-born calf. The young- through the rounder. Instead of par-1 gee gave a party at his own house.	--^»---	words to speak. A pretty lit tie Parses
er	the	calf	is	taught	to	drink, the	ing ini coring t h^m.	The loss by this I After supper the company gathered	girl was lifted up by her father to add
easier	it	will	be.	As	soon	as	it gets	method is on’y nne-fift h as much as around the fire to discuss the topics	Hit; G EST WEDDING	EVER	KNOWN,	a final garland as the train was start-
hungry, which is usually very soon, it hv paring and coding with a knife, and of the day.	n_ ,_ lh .*	AU___	ing. With perfect naturalness Major
has a tendency to suck anything it can the work is much more rapidly done. "Hodges." said one of the visitors, a ' n i ne nay m.ir Aiexanm ne Minrhin	the child on both
get hold of. With an assistant to ht Id	---- I noted silk dealer named Edmunds, Great was married no fewer than 20,- . cheeks, as his eyes ran over, and all
the pail, and the use of the finger, only	MIT KING	I "how does Thomas get along now f*’	202 persons in one ceremony were about his native friends muttered
=.*
are necessary except the milk and the the most of the milk while it is being ther. and one whom she loved dearly, place, as historical records tell us. How the gallant major gained so
aus.asfjiSTjBA "tvt «r-j :: r,H	rzzrÆrr«z =**¦- % scr- *
siJsrU’ssraï rxriJ!<?*,.*”	serves -*?*¦’“*...................—* —
pounds at a feed would be enough miking should be done as rapidly as losing money." returned Hodges.	\bT King lkirlU8e	inflicted on the humblest inhabitants
foi a delicate little Jersey six or __ be without hurting the row. The "Why. Joseph." interrupted his wife, Alexander married Statlra. the by plague 5tajor Minchin had devoted eight might not be too much for a	...	. .	, "don't you remember be told us the daughter of the conquered king, and himself to ( heir cause with unobtrusive
larger or more robust, Holstein or	first	part of he mi k contains less	other night"—	here Hodges cast &	decreed	that	100 of	his	chief officers	^^-ohnegation
Shorthorn. After about ten days, skim	th in	1 per cent of fat, while the last	qmck glance at his wile, but she would *	t	™'	day he was with them,	encouraging
milk can gradually be substituted for	portion has as high as 10	per cent of	not notice it for she must correct her	«hould be united to 100 Indies from the	them under awful trials, supporting
the whole milk, doing so at the rate	hpnf.A th*'Imnartanne	of thnmnirh	husband’s mistake—"he said he fear-	noblest Persian and Medean families;	them with that rare blend of sternness
of a i)ound per day. until all skim milk	f*t hence the importance	ol thorough	^ he woul(ln.t get his pay for the	^ addition ,o this, he stipulated that	ai«l living sympathy which the poor-
Is fed By making the change grndu- wvrk ,n m,!k,0ff’ Change of mi,kers goods sent to Thurston & Co., and. oh	Mo||liHrw shmiM est Indian understands and reverences,
ally, no evil effects will In* noticed, Is detrimental, as well as are all other dear. I hope he won't lose all that, for 1U,UUU	\	.	nould Hu» compound was often filled with
When beginning the use of skim milk abrupt changes in feeding or handling it would ruin him."	marry lO.OOU Asia silo women.	the live stock of segregated families;
Instead of whole milk is a good time the good dairy cow.	"Oh. Marian, you don’t understand When everything was settled a vast his energy and tender-heartedness se-
to begin the use of a little meal of The materials to form the milk are this matter," said her husband. "Jim pavilion was erected, the pillars of eurfl<* . kui Pe°P^® least a few oom-•oine kind in the milk. Middlings, oil found in the udder untransformed to stands all right with the western ...	. f ...	. forts in the arid miseries of plague
meat and a mixture of oats, wheat and	ml k	before milking. But by a sort of	firm."	"nun were	Hlx,y	Ieel	n,gn’ Une	ohriim. so that as the	days of death
corn, equal parts ground together, are	harmony existing between the milker "Well. I guess	I know," quickly re-	hundred	gorgeous chambers adjoined	apcl suffering passed	on.	his^ su stain-
all good. These will lie better if scald-	and the cow, and by the stimulus ex-	tor ted his wife, "for I heard him .tell	this for the 100 noble bridegrooms.	Ü&K personality gained in their imagi-
ed before being added to the milk. By	cited upon the glands by	the milker,	about it, and if l was Jim I’d have no	^%iile for (remaining 10 000 an out-	n,l^‘nnH v*v^ Attributes of divinity.
rss&sti	ih- -- - —«—« -	-354:	,5"z	: hi. «r«—«U* of-h.,.
ves on skim milk for veal something ’ AT MME. PATTI’S CASTLE.	About 10 o'clock the following even-	veH 1 n 'l * ,nl',in e round the royal shipped him as the near relation of a
portf.nt a« well as the amount of ita defended to reassure the household feed. When once established, the when he instantly found himself in turned Jcwepb
quantity of its feed should not be danger from a dozen roving dogs, who br(>lr<^iy<Wery	® '' ' ' "| Mile. Ernestine Curot has been chos-
Aft"; aVl/L L%',!Twe,fk^ldk'%M h:ld gained their freedom and were "Somebow Mmunds has discovered^ ag the muse of Paris, she having
it has it always liefore it. Bright burglars. Some time ago a gang of	*M.fr;.ln mile and trembling	She ' her noHe 18 sl,Ehtly retousse, her fig-
clover hay is by far the best for it. If hf Se gentlemen from London at-	* . t . h}ld done but I ure 18 8,naI1« l,ut graceful, and alto- lh« piques and heavy makes have
milk is scarce, a good substitute for ,emPte<l to obtain admittance, but P . y	ihns« fpw hastv	yhe is described as being "an broader embroidery. The Paris point
I:KÎ3 32 -£?>“,SSS»----- -SÏÏ.ÎTSSS:»ISAS
stesirjn .*	i .^2r'£r.	S1" mu*‘ “• "" ss«
STi,“Lï s-ïs sa“ 4i *s	h.. .«w.d i	îe
ground corn and oats, and 10 per any <>n.e «Drmpt to open a window or	as also did her brother	. I	a lucky chap.	to stimulate stained ivory. There are
5 : s
cancel hie debts. He went into part- ^V7 a"7 but 1 lltlle felluw* would the tint is very often of a soft oretia
1 ancT	shade.
"Was that so terrible know ?" his wife asked, not in the liest
England. When her children were
young, says the Woman at Home, she
always made it a rule to be ready for
breakfast at half jmst eight in the
morning, so as to go into the schoolroom at nine o’clock to inspect the "copies" written on the previous day.
The energy required for the carrying out of such a rule will he lietler
appreciated when it is understood that	,
while at Marlborough House during peon was visible—Major Minchin s hng-
the London season, the princess rare- li>h friends had already feted him at ly finishes her day’s duties before two thfl rluh and W1td good-bye. o'clock in the morning. After her return from the entertainments at which her presence is a necessity, she usually takes the hours from twelve to two j rag-tag and bob-tail of the bazaar Mrs. Daniels about my horse running] in the morning to write private let-| slums lined the road, moved to the
sway. I .aid he ran nearly a mile £ duti^he” d'y At ” Sandringham* | depth,, for one. of their simple soul, lore I could stop him, but you instantly howvvt,r, when not entertaining large by the magic of an Englishman a sym-assured the company that it wasn’t | parties, she allows herself a little pathy. They could not get into the station—th*y were not respectable enough —but they stood stolidly in the pour-
a crowd of
outside the station gat the lowest, raggedest, poorest, scarred with suffering and want—was the
she
strangest, the most eloquent, and, if not «conically, morally, the most splendid tribute to t lie power wielded over simple natives by an eminentally just and sympathetic man. Hardly a Euro-
"It was nothing terrible," returned Joseph, "but very annoying to me. When I said my wheel cost $IM), I meant It, for that was its price, and your remark was uncalled for you spoke a smile passed around the company, and I felt as though they regarded me a common boaster."
"Then, again, during the evening you corrected me when there was no oc-
The moment
Hut the bazaar was there. Old tot-
tering women, little children, all the
It was when I was telling
as dropped. In this way she will not become so much attached to it and will not worry over its absence. The vow should be milked and the calf fed after Its appearance
its own moi her s milk. The milk ot another cow t h it has been fresh for some time will not answer. The fresh milk from a fresh cow is much richer
soi.n It must at first
th
The poor major could find no

)
over t he
All day and every
« •
What Major Minchin has done at Helgaum other Englishmen are doing throughout the country. It is these district officers that in truth rule India.
THE MODE IN GLOVES
Bold, aggressive shades are not really in demand for all their brave showing in the shops. They are not in good taste, and only call unnecessary at-
Do you mean all is lost, Jim
tent ion to the hand, which, beyond being well dressed, should never be conspicuous. Rich, quiet tones prevail, in bluets, browns, red browns, tans; green and light tans.
The stitching is usually two-toned, often introducing a thread of black and the fillet embroidery is neatest and most delicate. As a rule, lightweight gloves have light-stitching, and
PRETTIEST GIRL IN PARIS
duty. The Idea th" traveller discovered, out a llttM dangerous.
CIDER MAKING.
One of the most readily available
###PAGE###3###
I Attack of the Blues
CARE OF EYELASHES.
The ancients made an art of the care
of the eyelashes. It was considered a
necessity to cultivate beautiful lashes.
They recognized the fact that, besides
adding to the expression of the eyes,
the lashes preserved idem from the
dust, cold, wind and too glaring light,
it has lately become a quest ion of i ,vuapples, surres, eooserPOVLTm paramount importance with up-to-date ir ^ahip, Bhii> tb«m to
to Ih. I..»n fc-jj*» c., Unw
make the lashes grow longer and thick-1 and how to prevent them from falling out.	,	*
Long, sweeping lashes have from time . . gALTH RICrtTORKi) WITHOUT MIDI*
^t^Cto-gs
beauty and seductiveness m the down- gR^jX»nd BREATH by
cast eyes and velvet cheeks swept L>y y BARRV B rkVALKNTA AHA IIIOA
long, curling lashes.	fj roOi>, which HAVRH INVALIDS and
ssssh IS
growth and strengthen them
: Is It Scrofula
AND THE DONKEYS
KITCHENER
is quickly dispelled by using
of wi»«* Ke*«inrrefnlnr»o of the
Bird nr*
An Incident
LUDELLA CEYLON TEA
That Fille Your Ufa wltli /aim and
Dread ?
General Kitch-waa rath-
More than a year ago
the him, of Omdurman
envr
er inefficiently supplied with the f‘P plinnoee nnd rolling «lock n<-c««,»ry for A Dleeaeo from Which Countleeo hi, undertaking,, the Sirdar being unx-	Thousand. Sullor.
[oue to get a telegraph wire from a Scrofula ia emphatically a dieeaae of
-•SS »'-'Z.-'Sin
ther up the river without del. y. frets the glands of the neck they be-gave his orders and went his way. oin j0omF ewolien, oau ing disfigurvm
complained that although they had out at any time, fully equipped, for it a
gjggg they had no BUM. terrible work. Borofula may be thor-
along oughly eradicated from the system by Hood's Sersaparilla and all its painful and disastrous censequences avoid,_______ This great medicine has made
— thousands of people grateful by its
this disease. It attacks the
25, 40, 50 and 60c
Lead packages
It is a sure antidote
/

FREE.
*

We gWe tble dne tch, and alao a
er
»

for
•ailing two desen Levee Collai Bvt
1
Seed your address eed we forward the
Button»,

il
the necessary wires
or appliances for rolling thorn
miles to the next post


UeL Ne eaeeovre. g wired Sail Ibe Bet-
the ten
The matter wan very preening
and said

The
ed
your

c#wt In medlelne
eed wo »«ud
Sirdar knitted bis brow - — . cures of __
There are these donkeys. 1 0,111 6lV* enemy at once and with the first few
wuh-1
out a trolley, truck or drum i Agai	|Q others to take ’
:!Z.ZHood’s Sarsaparilla
"" "T'LIUIL zxiu ei“7,'. Tiui “
Ibe wateà, papal*
t'/v YEARS INVARIABLE SUCCESS, OU 100.006 ANNUAL CURES of CoB-tip-aiion, ristuioncr. DyapeptU, Indigestion. C o. gumption. DUbofOH, Bronchi lie, Influenza, ('uiighn Asthma, Catarrh, Phlegm. Diarrhoea, Nervous Debility. Hleepleeeneee, Denpoadeecy.
U BARRY and Co. street, London. W .
Caetlgllone, and at all Orooere, Che mint* and Stores everywhere, in tine 2a., 3e., W.,
BAkiirs rÏvalent!6biscüi ts. X mm.

i
welch good *	.
Mcntiee làle

MANY GO INSANE


l
(Limited), 77 Regent, aleo lu Parle, 14 Roe
%
JR
WOMEN'S BURDENS ARE HEAVY AND HARD TO BEAR.
stmo*
co..
vissrst*-
oh nVHP mat t ing
ft donkey's n»»ck ; then	_____________________
¦Hood,î
kick and off it cantered, unwinding the wirb a* it went, for the other end wan duly secured to the ground 1 lh«
Sirdar laughed, “You muet use ne, anists are thimbles. Young ladies find
donkeys," he said.	. . that incessant use
And In this way the donkey was kick- podding on the ivories for six, seven ed and goaded along the ten miles, QT	hours is very nervous work, heavy, and hard to bear
unwinding the telegraph wire, the pur-	ybe tips of the fingers	are nerve cen-	as a rule, borne in	silence, for women
poee was achieved and the necessary	, teJNS jn fACt	the end	of the finger	don't want to incur	the expense of oall-
oom in unicat ion between two important ^ one 0f the most sensitive parts of ing in doctors ; they don’t want to posts was secured. It does not signify the entire body. It must be a great worry their husbands. They continue in schemes of such magnitude that etrain 0n the nervous system if this suffering in silence, while their ail-the donkey’e neck was cut to ribbonsl wrve center comes in harsh contact ment* are supping their strength, unit had to be killed ; other donkeys took	the solid Ivory keys thousands of derm ini ng their health, and reason,
its place. What mattered a few don- times during the day. These thimbles and hurrying them to the grave, key's lives? The Pirdar is s man of	for piano use	are made	of rubber and	It to needless to call in a doctor in
determination; a thing that has to .be	are intended	to lessen	the shock to	most of such cases.	The suffering wo-
done must t>e done. Hut still—it was the nerve centers. They are made to man can cure herself at very small ex-a little hard on the poor little “mokee.” | fit ends of the fingers as the glove pense. Dodd's Kidney Pills are the
fingers fit. They come in sets, accord- remedy she needs
to the size of the glove worn, and In ninety-nine of every hundred cen be ordered in that way. A pneu- oases of "Female Complaints," the ma tic ring cushion forms the end of trouble has its origin in diseased Kid-the thimble. They also save the ends neys. Very soon the urinary, and re-of the fingers from becoming callous productive organs are involved, and or cracked and save the nails from the sufferer becomes a frail and wasted shadow of her former self.
By restoring the Kidneys to sound health, and so ensuring their prompt The New Woman.	Com-
oold climates fishes sometimes die for | Now enters upon pursuits formerly plaints" can be quickly, thoroughly
—— - - p™- ss$tr.i„-R. t&'MSK	«.
over in winter, they exhaust the an ^rQm toothache. To her * we recom- E., has discovered the value of Dodd's contained in the water and not en-. mend Nervlline, nerve-pain cure, cures Kidney Pills in these cases. She ough more can get In to sustain 1 ils. toothache in a moment. • Narviline, | writes: “For over six years I suffered
the most marvellous pain remedy intensely with Palpitation of the Heart, known to science. Nervlline may be end Feamale Weakness. One of Tor-used, efficaciously for all nerve pain. onto's best doctors attended me, and
I used manv different medicines, but got no relief.
Pills. I have taken eight boxes, and am completely cured/1.
Dodd's Kidney Pills will do for all suffering women, what they did for
Test them
Pills are Peed,
Pales» Dadd's Kidney
Diseases ef Waaien are Cared, ¦afferlac Ceases-Mrs.
Thes
aad
Rllea
Toronto. Nov. 28.—The daily papers from day to day contain reports of the wrecking of once happy homes, through the insanity of mothers, whose reason of the fingers has been destroyed by illness.
Women's burdens are many and
They are,
(THIMBLES
a

The latest Invention and fad for pi-

"I
y Unsold Pins ms7 be returned. M«sties this paper when writing.
~	TH1 GEM PIM C# , Freehold Building, Toronto, Ont
«•21
WILKINS & CO.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PRICE LIST.
AXES, Solid Steel, 50 Cents Each.
25c each
ing
FISHES NEED AIR TO LIVE.
Peads la Dhlrb They May be Healed op by lee aad Die for Waal of II.
¦olid
steel
Hammers Violins £/%&%*
It is a familiar fact that fishes can-, breaking and splitting not live without air, of which all sweet water contains more or less, and in
k
V
Lance-Tooth Saws,
THE “ HEADLIGHT,"
Oee of the leeteet end most perfect made, every fHe per saw gearaateed only.. vW fuel
The frozen over waters In which fish don’t get air enough to support life likely to be "smaller ponds with a gravel border all around, where the
form unbroken clear to the
at is, »•. *3 and
Mouth Organs
I go cl*. *oc Mouth Id at the
each. Our age and Organa are peat-pa
price.
are
ONE ADVANTAGE.
Still, living In a boarding house has Its advantages.
I don't know of any.
Well, there are generally a few umbrellas around that one may borrow.
till 1 used Dodd's Kidney
WILKINS & CO
166 and 168 King St. East, Toronto.
ioe can
edge, making a complete covering over the water, and practically sealing it up. If there is vegetation around the pond at the edge of it, shrubbery or trees or branches dipping in the water, such vegetation is likely to supply some air, for as the ice settles it cracks and breaks about the stalks of this
and thus leaves places
•t
They'll
Mrs. Dow son convince you by curing you
Speech Impediments.«<...«fuii#
ISiiiStir#
JMI
¦¦	for goto, ete.
Writ® for prices.
™ CUM A «3SS t.:=uDaau
If It fsils toOere. IBs.
TURKISH BATH MONEY.
Among the Turks bath money forms an item in every marriage contract,
Let it alone, Willie, said the bad the husband engaging to allow his wife bov’s mother. Don't try to tear it op- a certain sum for bathing purposes.
J It will be a beautiful butterfly If it be withheld she has only to go next year.	befoie the Cadi and turn her slipper
Mebby it will, and mebby it won’t, upside down. If the complaint be not replied the bad boy, proceeding to dis- redressed it is ground for divorce sect it. All cocoons look alike to me.
ACCEPTED AUTHORITIES ON MANURING.
David Popplewell in writing from Low Fell. Gateshead, in May of this year to the “Scottish Farmer," con-, eludes:—"These investigations of Ger-j many's most eminent agricultu:at chemists furnish unanimous evidence of the value attached to Thomas-Phosphate Powder in Germany, where they are accepted as trustworthy and correct by all farmers, and in that country Thomasrfhosphate Powder is becoming more and more recognized as the great fundamental factor in man-urial practice.”
Take Laxative
vegetation where air can get in.
Sometime in small sluggish bodies of water, such as park ponds, holes are cut in the ice td give the fishes beneath air.
EARLY DEPRAVITY
Central
#
Free
7/<
en
INERALS TESTED
STRATFORD, OUT.
Ooemerela) 8eho >1 ip the Province : eater eaw| rue free.	W. 7 ELLIOTT, Principe).
M
BEESMfc&i*i
Que
EMPRESS ELIZABETH AND DEAR
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS
PHOSPHATING PASTURES. "The Rorder Counties Advertiser"
The Empress was adored in Hungary, and she returned the affection of the Magyars with a heartiness the sincerity of which was never doubted in the Kingdom of the Five Rivers. She shared in their field sports, to which she imparted an impulse and prestige of unprecedented force. She spoke and wrote their language—the most difficult of European tongues—» to abso-
Her proficiency in
—USSilll
phate Powder on grazing pastures."
ODD CUSTOM.
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL—COM PORTING.
COCOA
346 o«ll— Rt.. Toronto-—
Your trouble hue mb noved ut 'set. ________ I here «peut	year*
Birds
It was once customary in France,
when a guest had remained too long,
for the host to serve a cold shoulder of
mutton instead of a hot roast. This the origin of the phrase, “to give
Stammerers-?
BREAKFAST—SUPPER.
FREE BOOKLET.
GUIDE TO HEALTH.
lute perfection their natural history and literature
was much as to rouse the respectful envy of such instructed and scientific patriots as Vambery and Ferenez Pul-sky Deak, the Hampden of Magyarlftnd, pronounced her “the noblest Hungarian of them all" and—having refused! titles and millions as the reward of his services to his country—accepted, instead of honors and wealth, a pair of slippers worked for him by the slender hands of the Queen of Hungary. When he died„ the watched and prayed by his corpse, and was shaken by paroxysms of grief as she knelt at the foot of bis bier. This devotion of the Princes sof Hungary had, however, its drawbacks. The more it became known that she» preferred the Hungarians,and that Budapest or Godollo, with its woods and quietude, reminded her of Posenliofen, the less were the Viennese disposed to study her character and to appreciate her noble motives. Adored though she was in her younger days her popularity in Austria steadily declined, until the tragic death of the Crow n Prince restored her to the national sympathy.	%
THE TRIUMPH
was
the cold shoulder."
X Pamphlet* and Samples of , Material of our Steel Frame
. Niagara Vapor Bath
É sent io any add row on
i	receipt of ntamp.
Thermometer Attachment and Vaporizer Complete.
Agente Wanted for Beet Selling I	Beth In America.
ADJUSTABLE BTOVF. PIPES. Easy put up and taken down. Cen be «leaned, eeeted, and put away
•pace. Ask your dealers for 1 Manufactured by
C. B. BARCLAY, |
léê Adelaides!. W., Toronto. B
Thwas-PhosphatePowder

a email them.
1.
INFALLIBLE SIGN.
Mr. Wrenter—'We i. we might as well look out for steady cold weather
DOW*
Mrs. Wrenter—When did you set up
for a weather prophet?
Mr Wrenter—Th it window which has been sticking fast all summer has come loose.
/,

là
An old bachelor says the difference firmness and obstinacy is
Commercial seport
between
merely a matter of sex
me noooro vow Bam co.,
FILE.
*
• Grand Opera RkToe.Teronte
HOW'S THIS?
For Banks and
B_ I	_¦Mercantile Busineae,
THE OFFICE SPECIAL TV MFC. CO., Limited,
TORONTO AND NEWMARKET, Ont
We offer One Hundred Dollar* Reward for of Catarrh that cannot be cured by
Odorless
anv ov e ¦
CeUrril.SUCHENKY & CO.. Toledo. O.
eg#:###
I>Hair* Catarrh Cure i« taken jnterna’ly, act-
£S£Er£Hf£S&-
Hall's Family Pills ere the bmt.
To all other*. Germ-proof doth
Superior Four Dollars
Active Man Wanted.
To read this advertisement and then give Putnam's Painless Corn Extractor a trial. It never fails to cure. Acts in twenty-four h >ura and causes neither pain nor discomfort. Put-Corn Extractor extracts corns

O
K .Q
Complete. To be had only from M. EOKRHTH, 81 Queen 8L K.f Toron o W Bend stamp for circular aad sample of cloth before buying elsewhere.
and
m
V
ft

il
3
\
0>
vC
nam s It U the best
QTAMMERERS.
. Voriram	y&'i vnTt/tT'tk.
• Pembroke St., Ter ante, Canada
Dominion Line Steamships.
couver.* ' Dominion.' Scotsman.' ' Yorkshire/ Superior accommodation or First Cabin, Pse-ond Cabin and Steerage passengers. Katee ef passage-First Cabin. $W.GO ; second Cahie. BTdieerage 128 60 and upwards according le steamer end berth. For all information apply
P3
H

ladies will be glad
Ban Francisco now which & peddler who rings a door bell
of a house where the sign "no peddlers" is displayed is liable to a fine of $100 or six months' imprisonment, or both.
o
has a law by

W P C 948

Closet.
8
INCENTIVES TO EFFORT
"Brother Staybolt," said the amiable Mr. Gratebar," which should you say the greater incentive to effort, the fear of punishment or the hope or re-
a
The best and most sensible invention of the age.x Endorsed and recommended by MEDICAL men all over the country. PRICE SO REASONABLE that no home should be with
out one
*
was
_ AiTK* Ay 4MMy
XL/
ward?"
"Well, I should say." said the some-
neces-Incentive than
Write for circular bo
what acid Mr. Staybolt, “that sity was a greater either."
V
EVIDENTLY AN OMISSION.
ThaBs queer.
What is?
There was a train robbery out west last night and the detectives don't claim that they are working on a clem - •

Hamilton, tint.
H
AKCs .
The Reid Bros. Mfg. Co., S“iïxî*i3>
BOwMNToeoeTC^
I
###PAGE###4###

7
Sixty Tarai Qaaraatlud
The Squity*.
X
IN ORDER TO EXTERMINATE HOti CHOLERA
Some sixty farms are now under quarantine in Gloucester and Osgoode town* I ships in order the	hog chol
The Spaniards have accepted the $20,- era may be checked. Since hog cholera 000,000 offered by the United States, and broke out in this vicinity 184 hogs have ceded without condition Cuba, Porto Rico, bien slaughtered,
Guam and the Philippines.	| Some time ago Mr. Scarth, deputy min
WÊtÊlÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊIlKÊÊÊtÊÊÊtÊÊIÊÊI^ÊÊÊÊÉ i»ler of agriculture, wrote the provincial Lord Kitchener is appealing to the I board of health asking them to take up British people to subscribe one hundred the matter of dirty pig pens and method thousand pounds to found and maintain °f feeding. He also forwarded Dr. Mo* a Gordon Memorial College at Khartoum I Ksehiun’a report regarding the unsanitary WÊÊÊÊBÊIÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊiÊÊÊSKÊÊtÊÊÊtÊ^M condition of the pens in which the hogs Quebec reports nay the provincial Gov -1 * c re kept. Dr. McEachren also stated eminent has decided to appeal to the in this report that the condition of affairs Judical Committee of the Privy Council . was sufficient to warrant the matter being in the Demers case. The litigation arose taken up by the S. P. C Ollt of the cancellation by the Govern ! Mr. Scarth
ment of a contract for printing legally I not received any reply from Dr. Bryce made with Mr. Demers, which oanoellu- oilier than an acknowledgement of his tion two courts, including the Queen's letter. He will expect, however, that Bench in Appeal, the highest provincial | the matter will be taken up
tribunal, have held to be illegal, viititiiiigieeeeieeeeeems Mr. Demers to damages. The journey I If a movement begun at/Bridgeport, fro London may givo the province more Conn., develops any force man will be law. It looks like hoping too much fro ! deprived of one of his dearest privileges, expect it will bring profit.	| and be reduced to the party of the sec-
SHAWVILLE, DEC. 8, 1898.
COMING
ssæ
OUR
r
WAY.
1898.
1880.
r I
¦ • ¦
* f
Christmas
Shopping.
The opening of a branch of the Mer, chants' Bank of Canada in Shaw ville will, in all probability boom the town. But things are
states that so far he has
BOOMING
We are again preparing for a great X trade, and we can assure our many friends and the general public that have never been in a better position to cater to the wants of holiday shoppers— the result of a lot of hard thinking and
mas
At our Store. Why ?
A customer says : " For all round dealing he can do better with us than anywhere else."
WO
ond part in marriage engagements. The oiganization that has taken rout in the
A very largely attended and enthusias tic meeting of the Conservative Eastern I Yankee city is named the “ Anti ('hair-Townships Association was held at Cook- wanning S.»ciety of Marriageable Maid shire on Thursday last. Hon. George ©ns,” every member of which is pledged Foster was the principal speaker, and not to receive a fourth evening visit from delivered one of his customary brilliant 1 a man who has not on the third visit addressee, in which he showed conclu- popped the question,
sively that the Conservative party was ¦	........... - ¦ - ¦¦¦ '¦1 ¦ ¦ 1 —-
the party identified with the growth and j —. ¦ ^	* tn’ttt
progress of this country—the party of ;	Pi A 1 3 %
work and statesmanship, while the Liber-	1	•
als had nothing to show but a record of j ¦¦ ^	__ÏTOR 
broken pledges, false promises, adininis trative blunders and jobbery.
Mr. Bertram, M. P. for Toronto Centre, is reported to have gone to Washington, to point out to Sir Wilfrid Laurier and T the other Canadian commissioners that it I „ is not well to go too far in arranging reciprocity with the United States. Mr. Bertram, when he ran as the Liberal candidate, declared himself in favor of stability of the tariff, and several of the ministers appeared on the platform w ith him, and so sanctioned his declarations. Having poet for his pledges,
ram may naturally feel that, not even under the guise of reciprocity,
Government break them. H business man, and does not want his in terests injured. —Montreal Gazette.
careful buying. Eighteen years experience counts for much
We know our
“ When I
know their wants, and we
Another says have the cash I always go to E. Hoduins & Sons’ store because they do give better values than I get at other places."
people, we know we have the goods to supply them. Every department is complete with bright, new, seasonable goods.
Dry Goods.
I
In this Department, we have a full range of staples and an endless lot of fancy goods, suitable for X mas presents, including Handkerchiefs of all kinds ; Ties, Mufflers, Fancy Wool Goods, Kid Gloves, Belts and Belt Buckles, etc., etc.
We might multiply these testimonials, but one thing we know : The people are coming our way, and they don't come for nothing.
Tie Wilier Traie
N TEN DING PURCHASERS will flml me now in readiness for the approaching Winter trade with a large stock of
MORAL :
If you want the hast goods—if you want the host treatment-trade with ue.
CUTTERS
Furs.
We have a large stock of the finest in Coats, Caps, Collars, Muffs, etc. Our Coon Coats are the best in town.
Got up in the latest and most stylish designs and finish.
An Inspection of these first-class Riga Is respectfully Invited.
Mr. Bert
some res
should the e is also a
Footwear.
B. HODGINS &
SONS.
As usual I am prepared to execute all orders for
We are recognized leaders in this line.

Political Matter# at Quebec
Sloops, Sleighs, &o.,
Groceries.
FRICTION IN THE LIBERAL CAMP
or anything in connectijn with the Blacksmithing business.
Quebec, Dec. 2.— (Special.)—Hon
In this Department we take pride. Our stock is very full of the choicest goods-—Everything you require.
Chas. Lange lier, addressed a very large AIlTlllin OBAI1 Pll
Li lierai meeting in St. Roch tonight and AK : HUH S IVII L fc Y announced that he would persist in con-1	** *
testing the county, even though in this case he had former friends and not hereditary foes. He thought that his past record proved that he deserved better treatment than he was getting at the hands of his political friends, to say nothing of the past services of his family.
However, he and his friends had been deceived. No one had fought harder than he for Marchand and Laurier. He spoke in the highest terms, however, of the Dte Hon. Mercier. He pretty openly ref irred to the open hostility to him of lion. Mr. Dechene, and said that despite Lim he would be elected. Those at the
CHRISTMAS GOODS.
SHAWVII.LE. (|1E.
Toys.
SELLING
You must see them to appreciate the |, extent and variety of our stock. Bring in the little folk and your purse will open, sure.
OUT.
NOTICE
TO FARMERS.
SILVERWARE AND CUTLERY
FINE LAMPS, FANCY CHINA WARE
I intend going out of Itha Grocery and Confer
it appears that the breach is daily grow -	___ _____	_ __ j
ing w ider and the Government will likely tlOH6iy 0113121683 3,210. Will
come out flat footed against Mr. Langel- ««	___»	* d# ,
Pacaud and his paper LeSoleil, Sôll 6V6ryt 21121§ 111 TUcLt
are supporting Mr. Langelier and little	. I
more will drive them and an influential &6T)3rtD162lt 3,t COSt PflCG I
The people of Levis who are about to and UUdôT, UUtll all is l>e called upon to elect a member to* the	'
Assembly, and probably one to the House 5,132)036(1 ûf	I	WO&’t	BlVfi
of Commons as well, are greatly amused |	v •	w	5	|
by a letter w hich Mr. Tarte has .written stating that he is in favor of increasing the graving dock at Levis, but cannot quite say when it will be done. They
have also been entertained by the visit of i .A#i	^ . • i	«	_	.
a gentleman from the Railway Depart- j OU	vUclw lu	IS	3#	§621111216
ment at Ottawa, who is asking those with .	_	_	_
property near the I. C. R, Station what 83,16 3,21(1 210 ÛU121 DUg\,
they will take for their land for the largement of the station. Similar tactics w ere used when the last provincial bye-election was brought on there a short time ago.
For the greater convenience of my customers, in addition to my Storehouse at Bristol, I have erected two new Store houses—one at McKee's and the other at Wyman's— and am prepared to buy all kinds of good, clean Grain, for which I mil pay the highest pnee the market will allow.
Don't fall to visit us before X mas. You are heartily welcome whether you buy or not.
ier. Mr
J. H. SHAW.
prices this week, bus come along and we will satisfy
B. GRAHAM.
El inside, Oct. 17th. 1896.
on
J. G. McGUIRE.
ARMS «>*,THE
NEW
GOODS
?
NDÏAE
^chosen with x

C
??
Son Georg# Fester
\\;v m
a. j. Jin.

new Furniture
GOODS
DEPRECATES THE PATRONfiOB EVIL.
>
The Hon. George E. Foster addressed the members of the Toronto Conservative Club on political matters generally last week. Referring to the question patronage he begged the young men look for political success by promises.	_
of patronage. The golden apple would Paesmg mto gtock a complete range
turn to ashes in their mouth if they did ’ °*...........
He wished b>th political parties should go no more by party favor, but by actual merit. Another thing that gave him keen regret was to see the devil cf corruption in politics.
Ic prevailed in both partiesand .1! over. I To which I wish to call the attention ot Nothing made him fee! more hopeless niy customers and the public generally, than the remark sometimes made that
such and such a constituency would be i ___	j 1	t
carried if sufficient money were spent in | 5^" 1116 gOOuS uB,V6 00611 86-
lected with great care and bought at close figures, and it is my intention to share both of these advantages with intending purchasers.
A-
Furniture Furniture
good quality and of all styles at
Amazingly Low Prices
FOR CASH.
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
i
y

5
¦A
of
I am now receiving and

——o
to
(
v.
s
L
%
House * Sign Painter, Glider, Glazier, Decorator.
5
V ;>
I
FALL .GOODS
I

LX
7
».

OF ALL LINES
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO. I ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
Marlin Repeaters |
Tope, shedding water likes J
duck a buck. Our /W page b»,k (Just out) ' tells all about them. Up-to-date Information about powtlers.black and amoks- .7
o
the purchase of votes. Mr. Foster then turned to party politics. He discussed it some length the Globe’s articles on the growing time. Whatever of a growing time Canada was enjoying he maintained the result of the course of the late Government and of the national policy, but so far as the Liberal Govt eminent was concerned, the term was,
correct enough for it was, indeed, a grow- SlLÀS YOUNw, ing time ta respect to debt and expend* 1	9
lure.
ROT-CLASS W0RKMAN8BIP>ND SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
?
n

JAMES M°ARTHUR
For Prices on MARLINS, (any calibre) consult YOUR NEAREST DEALER.
Tie
k
1
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
SH|A W|V ILLS.
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
<A*_Starke’e Comers.
?

jmê •	.

###PAGE###5###
Shawvillbs
Shorey’s Ready-to-Wear
Rigby Waterproofed Freize Ulsters
UfANTED
BUSIEST STORE.
AT ONCE.
ANY (QUANTITY OF
Sawlogs and Shingle Wood
Elliott & Bailer’s Mill
SHAWVILLE.
Made from pure wool, 33 oz. to the yard Frieze. Five pockets.— Deep flaps.—Six inch collar, with throat tab.—Double stich-ededg
Nine colors. Black, Blue, Mid Brown, Drab, Claret, Heather, Oxford, Blue mixture and Olive mixture.
Waterproof, Windproof, Frostproof, Comfortable.
Sold by all reputable dealers from Nora Scotia to British Columbia for
Shorcy's Guarantee Card in the pocket, of course. Insist on seeing it, it is a good square guarantee.
I
FEW CAN MEET US !
S
NONE CAN BEAT US IN EITHER PRICE, STYLE OR QUALITY.

)
Raised scams. Length 54 inches.

o
This is an age in which animation and push are essential to business success

When we make a statement in print call and see that we make no loose and rambling statements

o
$6.75
O
Clothing, Hats, Caps, Underwear, Cloves, Mitts, Moccasins, Shirts, Ties, Collars, Cuffs, and all kinds of Men’s Wear.................
As we expect to commence running on or before the 10th of December we are now prepared to take any quantity of logs and shingle wood.
WHERE TO BUY
fij
Shorey’s Ready-to-Wear Clothing can be obtained from the following firms :
H. S. DOWD. ..
O. F. HUDGINS,
O'MEARA BROS.
PAUL MrNALLY,
F. A. MAYLONEY
Thanking our customers for past pat ronage we hope by giving good satisfac tiou to merit a continuance of the same.
AT C. F. HODCINS’.
Quyon.
8h AW VILLE,
Bryson.
Campbell’s Bay Chapeau.
ELLIOTT & BARBER.
9
A Xmas Forecast.
¦
BUSINESS
CHANGE.
During the next few weeks we will place on exhibition table an endless variety of Fancy Goods suitable for Christmas presents. No better display will be found usual we lead off—others follow.
Farm For Sale
CONCERT, DEC. «1st.
our
'	Look out for the conceit under the
The undersigned offer* for sale his farm,	n ,	.
situated on the6th at d 7th range &of Bristol, «uspiceaof the Presbyterian congregation,
*r**a re ol * !» red*	8h..r|IW. Mu.ic.l (.lent expected from
premise* are well watered and have erected Ottawa. Keen the thereon a good dwelling house, barn, three _	...	*
stables, sheds, milk house and all necessary | December 21st. outbuildings. The farm Is situated about 3 miles from Bristol Station. For further particulars and terms
Apply to
RIOÛ xkiD McCAFFRRY.
Welretead P. 0
in the county, for as
evening open—
o
The undersigned desire to in-
fo-m ft he people of Shaw ville and surrounding country that they have bought out the Tinsmlthlng Business and Stock of Mr. HARRY PERRY, in Shawville, and that they intend carrying on the same In the old stand—opposite the Russell House net* and square dealing they hope to merit a fair share of the public patron-
Third Consignment this Season—
LADIES’S JACKETS
A Boycott in Quebec.
Mr. Pacaud in once more on deck. Ho has a grievance which he doesn’t pretend to conceal, and he consequently doesn't conceal it. Since the party for which he has done so much came into power, he hasn't obtained even the commonest kind of common justice. Last year he contrived to secure a few hundred dollars worth of patronage but this year it has dwindled down to a miserable $31.50,
$9 profit on which is enough to make with his keen appetite for Government I food simply seasick. Now, he complains,
QTTT^Q I *8 boycotted altogether, and doesn't _	_ j* i	W
DUiiO get a sou. He has experienced several L5 HOW 10, Ladies , Gent’s, Boys’ 80(1 Girls’ MailV newlSTOVE FURNISHINGS,
SUITS pffiî SelTÏdnn2iL^him ^atur?8in Skates for the season. Choice lot to select from I C00K,Nfî vœnsîls
^ ^	J for him except additional expense and | GfOp lO 80(1 SCO them
trouble. To make matters worse, other newsjiaper men, whose zeal for Liberalism and good government was not so keen as his, have been tieated differently.
Mr. Blair he points out, has looked after his news
Just opened out. Come tjuick and secure first choice
SUITS
SUITS
SUITS
By strict attention to buhl
Our Dress Q-OOds Department requires no further
comment. We are the recognized leaders,
pge
the
THE STOCK COMPULSES A NICE LINE « P
COOKING, BOX AND PARLOIR
one
SUITS
Our full line of Skates
-STOVES-
TINWARE, AGATEWARE, &o
ARE AWAY DOWN LOW
IN PRICE FOR THE NEXT
Thirty Days.
6. F. HODGINS’ Dijimnhl store
—of all kinds 8 41b fact
MODERATE FRICK*
\ done, ut —
GEO. W DALE.
RQB'F. A. BALE.
snapers in St. John, N. B., and generously divided over $17,000 amongst them, ami the Moncton Transcript, which used to revive the Tory newspapers receiving government patronage for being “ the reptile press," was paid $7,187.66,
.	. while Sir Louis Davies secured over $4,-1 of the young Queen, Wilhelmina, who
have IllODCy by securing a|00O for his home organs. Tins, every I ascended the Dutch throne in September
honest man will admit, is rough on our last, to Prince William of Wied, lieuten-Quebec friend, who, whatever his faults, ant in the Imperial Prussian Guard, will was ever an active force in Liberalism and | shortly be announced.
Laurierism
Quean Wtlholmin*
Terrible Distress in Cuba
.Sha-Aville, Nov. 15 Hws
WILL MARRY PRINCE WILLIAM OF WIED IN
THE SPRING.
New Yoik, Nov. 30—General .Jose Guintz has called on Stephen E. Barton at the Red Cioas headquarters in this city to a*k his aid in sending relief to the
«ick and starving women and children at SâSll &ûCi DOOP FaCtO?? . Las \ ilias. Santus Spiritus and Trini	*
tlad, its Santa Clara province. The Gen eral stated that the suffering intense there than in any other part of
rr i	i	u	.	. i, ..	, the island, and if the relief did not reach
To make merely a paltry in hix tercsting romance. \\ hen Queen W llHel-	them soon ft will be too late
I months and a half must be humiliating to mina was the princess, she had for a com-	Be said that his troops were	in the	most
I a politician of Mr. Pacaud’s standing and pqnion the Princess Pauline of Wurtem- pinful condition, now that the hghting is
capacity for pap. To know that even burg, and the two used girlishly to plan over. They cannot help themselves
I that pittance has been withdrawn is un- to marry brothers. Princess Pauline Gtmorvl Gomez said that he would lay
bearable. Sir Wilfrid’s base ingratitude married a brother of Prince William of this matter before the President if he is
to his old friend and co-laborer in the Weid, which resulted in Wilhelmina received. The General said that there
course of purity and morality is unaccoun- meeting Prince William, and an attach- were about 4,500 families at Sanctua
table, except on the theory that those ment between them soon followed.	Spiritus who had absolutely nothing.
who dispense the ; patronage are placing it Before the banns of this royal marriage Mr. Barton assured the Cuban leader that
amongst others where it will do more are published, the Dutch Government he would do what he could.
good. Possibly Mr. Pacaud will have to will have to decide whether Prince Will-	------
content himself with chance “ sunny iam of Weid will become King of Hoi
ways " that Sir Wilfrid may spare him land or merely Prince Consort.
out of his superabundant stock, but which The marriage will take place in the 1 a queer 8T.>ry from a Montreal con-» unfortunately are not negotiable. The spring, and will be the occasion	for a |	tent,
odds are, however, that the hero and the | great pageant.	HHHHHHIHMHHHHHHH
scapegoat of so many political scandals	------------ •*	Montreal, Dec. 1.— The Witness has
will not long submit to this shabby treat-	Epidemic of Su’cldo	l^e following peculiar story:
ment without making it decidedly un-	____ 44 The community of pious young girls
pleasant for those who are responsible for New York, Dec. 3.-Five men of varied who for 401410 past have been lead-his getting the cold shake,	dollAis bnvjronment;f but with the sane motive of in? a life of prayer and sacrifice in alg.is
___o—	in over half a year. It is too much for	attempted suicide in the Bor- private convunion Amh r t, Sc.,under tl e I B-26
The Entertainment will be varied and Liberal patmot to-endure patiently. OUgh Qf Manhattan during the night. I direction of Dr. Jacques, a well known | M7 ,« will consist of everything to make “ <loinom4tratc? the decline and decay of Tliree are dead and two in a serious con- ! phjwcmn, about whom there was ao | 8.56 M it a decided success.	true Liberal principles in Quebec.—Mon- dition at Bellevue Hospital.	mu h	^ine time ago, when it be
fcreal Star.	titt jê Philip Metz, 44 the heaviest man in camo known that they slept in their cof HH
I	I	mum, Tiiniit¦¦ ¦	1 , Harlem, ” weighing 425 lbs., shot him- tiLu’» ai,d arf B8ain attracting attention in ^	%
Selections on the Graphophone,	xitgm lartawfaS	self because of a business worriment. the east and. This is on account of a 8
Negro Comicalities, Juveni.e* Ar T . nt	n	found this morning with his throat cut. roognize 1 as nuns by the ecc esiast.ca!
mm mmmm i«i
world will be one of the attraction.,	*h*	the, Bihr-el-Oh.ael ^ (laughter wa8 out.	at once among the people aa a positive and
alto a boat of other amuaementa tcc ? ,*, V 5 w,l »UemPt *° furce » de' Win. B. Thompson, out of work, drank 8e u n« «’racle, the partie.dir ctljr in-
numerous to mention.	h"lte boundr7 settlement.	|a bottle of Cartolic acid, then one of "seated, however, have not come to auch . ,r_,
laudanum. Next he seated himself be- M?»»1*/wnoluatou,but have reported the PROMPTLY SECURED
fore a mirror and shot himself.	thing for what it was worth to the prop-
Albert Windtlein, in poor health, er ecclesiastical authoritiea, and further adopted Mr. Welf’s method of inhaling development, are awaited. What gives gas through a tube. He was taken to considerable interest to this matter is that
A recent iaaue of the Montreal Star .ays I the hospital.	V°®*-,rh*t •*“^r "’wnifeatatioo i. al-
it ha. it on the beat of authority that	-----»------ iedged to have been givenby the ..me im-
Lord Mount Stephen (formerly president There is talk of the death sentence of ,?	***" s *ew *esre
of the C. P. R.,) has made a trust deed Mann, the Montreal murderer, being ' at5<>'
under whieh he hands over $2,800,000 to	commuted to	life imprisonment,	owing	to	. ____ • > .	. ....	,
three trustee., the amount mention,,! to	the diacovoty	of new eridence.	,A moTa“ f°°* *°	eeUbl,eh	*	,er8«
V	„	_	be dietributed to hb relative., hi. lord-	, . '	J L ,	creamery at Ottawa.
A HE CITIZEN IS OTTAWA S ship having expressed the idea that the	It u stated	Lord Roseberry a	return	to	An old Indian named	Pete Wademan,
,DA,LY PAPEB' Ad-	r.
VERTI8E IN IT.	living.	near future.	pan.ki, aged M.
Shawvills
The Hague, Nov. 25.—The betrothal
suit while the low rate lasts
McCredie & Mins, Proprietors.
was more
only thirty days
Thin engagement is the result of an in
R'lfihf*. Doors. Moulding#, Blinds, etc., m inufactu ed to order.
All klndNof Mulching mid Planing doue ou shot test notice.
Estimates Furnished.
C. FRAME.
/CONCERT !
Lv ----^


m
vV
Poiliac Facile Jicln Bj.
A GRAND CONCERT
Olsim of a Peculiar Miracle

WILL BE HELD IN
Mr. Joseph Roy’s Hall,
(Opposite the Post Office)
OTTER LAKE,
On Tuesday, 27th December, 1898,
In aid of the R. C. School.
9
Official Time Table
AM
5.45 Leave
Aylmer tBrecken ridge PEardley Parker’s t*i v.sslng f* Mohrs Quyon Wyman's
? Thdk Brlntol McKev’s Shaw ville Clark
Campbell’s Bay tTank PVlntou Cou longe •Mellon's ! Waltham
Arrive 9 45
80t
«21
8.12
9.06
««
8Ô8
it
8 50
••
887
8 40
::
65H
8 06
at
7.01
8 02
7.28
7 52
There will be
7.31
7.18
7.16
A*
7.00
6 54
6 39
*55 Arrive
•Hag Station. tTank. t'flag Station.
Leave 6.30
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway Aylmer.
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL superintendent
PATENTS
Dividing His Wealth.
ty IF YOU WANT AN EVENING*» SOLID FUN, DONT FAIL TO COME.
Write for our Interesting books “ Inventor's Help” and "How you are swindled." Send us a rough sketch or model of year Invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it la probably patentable. Wo make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands.
LORD M ÜNT STEPHEN WANTS HIS KELA TIVES TO SHARK HIS FORTUNE.
Admission by Tickets, which may be hid at the Post Office st 25 cents for adults ; 10 cents each for children ; ved seats 35 cents each.
Doors open at 7.30, p.m.
MAHON * MJJtXOlf
T»
God Save the Queen
Cl ri! A Mechanics! Engineers,
Polytechnic School of Engineering. Bachelors In
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦Laral Vnlrermy, Ml
ApplVxl Sd Patent Law

P. y 8mi veyors SoJety of ClrU

f

###PAGE###6###

J

? LOVE AND WARN %
(f	A STORY OF SLAVERY DAYS.	T«
ho tell him yen. nml yet he felt he him nl on re, and with ft fftint smile h« must; he would not he faithful to hi* pointed to hi* companion, and *¦•»< trust. If he withheld the knowledge, or | He wa* in the Federal army failed to point that dying one to the bout h ago, ho has joined uod ¦ arni> only Kouroe of life.	Love and Uar
"Yea, Charlie," he answered, mourn-	now.	Poor Charlie! 1 would nave
fully, I think you will. Are you	done	much to save him’ and wit i >'
afraid to diet Did your mother never	hind	he euiuothed the golden hair, on
tell yon of the Saviour#"	which the flecks of western sunshine
"I didn't want to fight to-day, be-	nfiei	( luu lie. » (',m om.,, m>«nimr	preoent	time,	and	in	fact	ever ninoe	I
causA I knew it was Sunday, but I did his work well -	and	look a course of hr. Williams'
had to. or run away. Will Uod pun-	his coat , he disc l cue*	»	wftN	Mils about two yeara ago, have been en-
ish me for that, think? Will he turn	wound from which the dark	Uloou	wa	I j^ymg excellent health. Before that
me out of Heaven?**	'“*•	, h h i 40i(i time I had b en ailing for rouie
“No. no. oh no!** and the North	Then, in a few words he	had	to il|	montlW| flnililjr I warn attacked with
Carolinian*» tears dropped like rain	them t harlie » stoi y, mid g	salt rheum, which came out mostly on
upon the troubled face, upturned so si on.	0 |.„™ my hands. It was not long after its
anxiously to his. "Uod will never pun- > ou will escape, >ou. *1	first appearance before I was unable
ish those who put their trust in	again: and if you do, write to in	to no any work at all with my hands.
Je.su,"	"'0,,1Tr' “<» te» her how he die*!. , ^orted (onl, tbe dolnMtio cures I
"1 do, I do!" and the trembling Tell her not to weep for him ho y Lou,(l bMr of, but the dl ease kept on r fainter, adding, after a	wved. Her letter is in n	I	its rout so, getting worse and worse,
pause; You are a good man, 1 know,	take it as a guide wtieie o	until the palms of my hands and my
You have been to Sunday School. I	Jro(“/‘.°\vn*	. . .	.	„ . .	Tnni	fingéra	were	a	mass	of	cracks,	open
gue m. and you prayed this morning, l his he said to Naa . f	sore* and hideous scabs. I then got
didn’t your	wa, disabled.	dJ*	I medicine from the doctor, which I
The soldier answered, "Yes.” and the bidden, and the letter fr	u ed for several weeks,
child continued:	mother written but a	I benefit whatever, - my hands still
‘"You are dying, too. I 'most know,	was safely put away for fu “	..	.	becoming more and more crippled with
for there's hlcxxl all over us We’ll die	ence and then ïsaac djd for the Wortn I (he diHetiW My general health, too,
together, won’t we. you and If Will	Carolina fold 1er what the No	at this time was poor and I got iis-
there lie war in Heaven, between the	lina soldier had done for t	courage*! altogether, believing there
North and South?" ’	hoy:he staunched the flowi	. .V " was no help for the terrible complaint
assas wgf «
th(. -oldier would fain kfl,p that 111- mu-mured Ihtdr thank,, tie spirit till his could join It company, and speed away to the land where trouble is unknown.
But it could not be, for Charlie’* life was ebbing away; the last sand wai dropping from the glass. the fair curly head nestled to strange pillow,—the bleeding bosom of n foe,—and the lips murmured incoherently of the elm-trees growing near the mountain home, and the mother watching daily for her boy the train of thought was changed, and Charlie heard then hell just as it pealed that morning from his own village spire. IIow grand the music was echoing through the Virginia woods, and the blue eye closed, as with a whisper he asked:
"Don’t you hear t he old bell at home, calling the folks to church? It has
and the children are
’Glory to
A DOTA SCOTIA FARMER.
two
fells how he was cured of
SALT RHEUM.
NIs ringers, Hand* end Writ Is Were s Muss of I Hicks itnd Seres, by Beeseii of Whirl! Mr Wm I liable lo Work.
By MARY J HOl.MBS.
(Ô5Ç	s*
lo tlw' Editor of the Enterprise;—
l have read from week to week In
testimonials from those
youi paper who have been cured through using l>r. Williams' Pink Pills, and as I have experienced much benefit from the u e of th.it medicine, I believe it my duty to l‘to her a know they can bo relieved
I am
frail boy, upon whom he loaned heavily for support—the generous Isaac, who The day was ours, nobly won with would not leave him there alone, even aw eat and toil and blood, and the brave though he knew the danger he was lumen who won it were thinking of the our ring for himself.	,	.
laurels so laboriously earned, when sud- "They'll treat us decent if we re tax denly the entire scale was turned, and en prisoners, won't they, think ne ere they knew what they were doing asked, as the possibility of such a cal-the tired, jaded troops found them amity wius suggested to his mind, at»Ives rushing headlong from the bat- Not till then had George thought of tie-field, never eo much as casting a that. They would not murder a wound-backward glance, but each striving to ,Mt man. he was sure, but they might out-run the other, and so escape from take him prisoner, and death it self was they knew not what 1 How that panic almost preferable to days of captivity happened no one can tell. Some eharg- and sickening suspense away from ed it to the reckless conduct of a hand Annie. The very idea roused bun into of Regulars sent back for ammunition, life, and with a superhuman effort, he and others upon the idle lookers-on, hastened on, almost outrunning Isaac, the curious ones, who had come to see untiJ they, too, had reached the f lenrt-the Rebels whipped," and who at the | |y woods where Hill had already tiken first intimation of defeat joined in the «belter. dust then a loaded wagon general stampede, making the oonfu- passed them, its frightened, excited «ion worse, and adding greatly to the eupants paying no heed to Isaac s cry fright of the flying multitude.	tor help, until one whose uniform *how-
It was a strange retreat our soldiers him to be an officer, sprang up, ex-
made. All law and order were at an claiming:	.	..
end. company mixed with company, re- "The strong must give place to ine giment with regiment, and together wounded. I can find my way to as i-they rushed headlong down the hill, iugton better than the bleeding man many in their dismay fording the creek an(i Tom Curleton seized the reins wltn regardless of the shot and shell sent a grasp which brought the foaming after them by the astonished foe, now «teeda nearly to their haunches. in really in pursuit.	vehicle was stopped, and the next in-
Sorne there were, however, who made «tant Tom had leaped upon the grouna, the retreat more leisurely, and among spraining him ankle severely, and reel-these, Bill Baker. Remembering the \llg jn his first pum against the as-mark he had fixed in his own mind, he fcmnded Isaac, who cried out, j<>yiuiiy. sought among the slain for Harry, find- "Oh, Captain Carleton, save Lieu-ing him at last, trampled and crushed tenant Graham, won’t you? >'e can by the flying troops, and wholly un- walk, you and 1	. .
recognizable by any save a brother's Tom had not the least suspicion as
eye. Rill knew him. however, in a to whom he was befriending until then.
moment, but there was no time now to nnj now, unmindful of bus own aching "do the tender," as he had purposed foot, he assisted George to the seat he doing. There was danger in tarrying had vacated, and watched the party long, and with a shudder Rill bent, without a pang ils they drove rapidl) over the mangled form, and with his awuy. leaving him alone with Isaac, jack-knife severed a lock of matted, "\VeTl do the l>eet we can, my boy, blood wet hair, taking also from the he said cheerily, as he met the conflit-pockets whatever of value they con- ing, inquiring look bent upm him ny tuned, not from any avaricious motive,	Isaac,	who,	relieved of his iormer
but rather from a feeling that	the	charge,	felt	now 1 Ike leaning for P
rebels should get nothing save the teotion and guidance upon Captain
body.	t'a r le ton.
"A darned sight good Hal’s carcass | Alas, his hope* were	,
will do ye !" he said, shaking bis	fist	« groan	just	then escaped from loins
defiantly in the direction of the	foe,	white lips,	wrung out by the agony
"hut the wurst is your own this	hot cost	him	to step. Issac saw nun
weather, if you don’t bury him decent- «tagger w hen he sprang, to t he ground* then turning to the lifeless gore, nnd comprehending the case at once, tie’continued; "Poor Hail I'm kind- he rturned his burden of care, and er sorry you are dead. You had now	kneeling	lie fore poor	Tom, who had
and then a streak of good about you,	*UIlk upon the grass,	he rubjied the
and I'm sorry we ever quarreled, 1 be, swollen limb as tenderly as Bose her-upoQ my word, and I wish you could could have done.	„
hear me say so; but you can’t, knocked «if we could only find some water, into a cocked up hat as you are, poor Tora ««id, scanning* the appearance of
.... If there w-as a spot on your	fane	the woods and	judgi.ng at last bv	««Then sing it," Charlie whispered;
os big as a sixi>ence that wasn't smash-	indications which	seldom failed, that	*sing it, won't you? Maybe I’ll	go to
ed into a jelly, I’d kiss you just	for	there must be some not very far away.	sjWp j don’t ache any now."
the old woman’s sake, hut I swan	if I	"There where the	hushes are," he said,	with a mighty effort the	hold 1er
can stomach it I I might your hands,	point inn	toward the	very spot where	forced	down	his	bitter	grief,	and	in a
perhaps," and bending lower. Bill •	pm |;ly	snoring soundly, and dream-	,ow	mournful	tone,	commenced	our
lips touched the clammy fingers of the |ng of robbing Parson Goodwin’s or- beautiful church chant, the dying dead.	chard, in company with Hal. 'There irkild for whom lie sang, faintly join-
something in the touch must be water ttiere, and human be- ing h him for a time, hut the sweet which brought to Bill’s heart a pang	inqrs too, for I hear singing,	don i	I voice ceased ere long, the curly head
similar to the one he felt when he saw	youf	I pressed heavier, the bleeding stumps
his brother fall, and rising to his feet, lsjiap p«tened till he. too caught a h.,y motionless, and when the chant he said, mournfully :	strain of melody, as sad and low as if cas ended, Charlie had gone to hie last
"Good-bye, old Hal, I’m going now; it wre A funeral dirge some one was H|wp 1 wish you might go. too. Good-bye,' billing there.	Carefully, reverently, the
and wiping away a tear which felt "What can it meant" Tom said. 1 Carolinian laid the little form upon much out of place on hLs rough cheek.	mp your hand, my l>oy. and the grass, and kissed the stiffened lips
walked away, saying to himself, "Poor j j, >oon f^d out."	for the-sake of the mother, who might
Hal!	I	didnts’pose I had such a hank-	It wfLS a harder	task to move then	never know just how Charlie died,
erin’	for	him.	Didn't s’pose	I	cared for	ho anticipated, for	the ankle wns svvel-	Just then foot steps sounded near,
nobody ; but such a day’s work as this	,jng vapj(|iyt	and bearing the	least	Tom and Isaac were coming, and the
finds the soft spot in a feller's heart	w • rht upon	it made the pain intoler-	(«ce of the soldier darkened when he
Poor Hal !	Mother’ll	able. Waning on	Isaac’s shoulder, he	saw them, as if they had been intruding naged to make	slow progress to-	era upon him and his beautiful dead,
ward the stream bubbling so delicious- | Their appearance, however, disarmed
lv among the grass, and toward the
and more dis-
CHAPTER Vlll
Pink
voire grew
oC-
with no
that was gradually spreading over my hands and up my wrists towards iny arms. It happened one day in conversation with an acquaintance that Dr. Williams' Pink Pills were mentioned in connection with some other case In (he neighboi hood, and it was suggested that I try them for salt rheum I had not much faith In the trial, but concluded to get a box and see what
. .delight, after u ing the box I found an Ca;*e Horn, with its steep, black good they might do. To my great
summit 5(0 feet above the surface of improvement in the condition of my
southern seas, | hands, and I got six boxes more. 1 did
not use all these, for before they were gore the disease had vanished a ad my on the touthernmost island of the I ue- j hands were ms sound as ever. The new gim tiichi|N lago. toutli of South Am- | skin came oti as smooth and fresh as
eiioa, It wa* tliwoverod by Scl.oul«n, I nothing had Wn thr matter. I took .	„	. .	. . .« j I no other medicine while using the
lblti, and named after his birthpl. ce I |>ilL9 and the whole praise of the cure
in the Netherlands. It now belongs l i« due to them. My general health
to Chili, al. hough formerly ir was was also greatly benefited by their
A uw* «nd I attended to my work with .	,	A , .	, I more energy and in better spirits
more dreary, de. olate stretch of coast I (hnn I had done for a number of years.
could not l>q found in navigation, and | j b«ave been in excellent health ever its waters have submerged many cost- «jnrti for H man of my years, and no ly cargoes and io>t thousands of valu- «ign 0f «alt j heum has since a pi wared, able lims No. mutter bow fair the The b»rx or two of Pink Pills which I weather may be on the approach “ I left unused were taken hy my wife ship, it changes so suddenly and with I an(j dkg her much good. I cannot speak such intensity that even the most t(W) highly of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills 11 ustworthy buromel er fails to indi- an(l am pleased to give my test i mon) cate anything but the preceding calm. I to their merits, hoping others may the mercury acting as if bewildered, 1 thereby he induced to use them in cases rifting and falling savers! inches in a | ijk<, my few hours or remaining in a fixe<l condition. This indicates the dis-
To be Continued
I
AMERICA’S SOUTHMOST POINT.
Trenelirroii* Water* Where Mmsy a Gallaul
>e«i-l ha* l*erl*he«l.
Closer
its
those storm-troubled stands like a grim, watchful sentinel
Then
short-lived, for
owned by the Argentine Republic
stopiiexl now
singing before tlie organ God on high.’ 1 u«e<l to sing it with l)o you know it, ‘Gloria in ex-
them, oelsis?"
"Yes, y es!" (lie soldier eagerly replied, glad to find they were both of the same faith,—that little Yankee boy, born among the granite hills, and he a North Carolinian,born on Southern soil.
lj ;
Hal
own
Henry Chesley
The editor of the Enterprise can add t urbane© of the at mo phere when the 1 t lxi t Mr. Chesley Is a represent jU ivo wind blow's fiom all quarters at once, | fanner living about three miles freon a peculiarity of weather no., equalled (he town of Bridgewater. N. S., and in th? China seas, when the typhoon tutmost reliance can he placed on rages and the barometer announces him statement.
its coming. The phenomenon of one Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills create new ship—where two were speaking each blood and in this way drive disease other in passing — sailing in fine from the system. X fair trial will cx n-weathei and another in a stiff gale, vino© the most skeptical. Sold only has been observed at the same time. in boxes the wrapjier a round which
hears the full trade mark Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People." If your dealer docs not have them they will lie sent twist paid at 50 cents a hox or six boxes for $2.50 by addresser; the Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co., Brock-ville, Ont.
I here was
SIMPLICITY
North
There is a grandeur in simplicity
The plainest
The
which is all its own
language is the most effective
noblest acts seem at this time the simplest
mountain that does not impress you with its massive rugged ness until you gaze back at it from the far-distant valley.
True greatness is like the
if he’s got any nigh about raise the ruff 1
Thus soliloquizing Bill moved not rapidly as others did, but rather leisurely than otherwise. He seemed to be benumbed, and did not care much what became of himself. Wading the stream he trudged on, now wondering,
licked,' and again anathematizing the	tej|	never again would he
shot which fell around him.	- (be pine-shadowed home he
than to run.	! twelve years old. a drummer in a
Then reflecting that to be shot in company of New England volunteers, the hack was not considered a distin- ^oih little hands shot entirely off, and guished mark of honor, he hastened th<> bleeding stumps bound carefully bis lagging steps until the shelter of jn (ke handkerchief of the Rebel, the wood was reached. Bill was very who bad smo bored his oxvn dying an-tired, and feeling comparatively safe, guish for the» sake of comforting that determined not to travel farther until	cbild. sobbing so piteously with
he had had some rest Hunting out a ¦ in thick clump of underbrush near a
Sssssss zmxzsrz
HSS2^Sli£»f5SAH=S
ther stay there and die, he said, then sadly over him.
d<^t w1lldbeehorrrid foZXnnie to know "And I am Charlie, too." the child you died, when you might have got replied, "Charlie Vounglove, and ray away Try for Annie’s sake, can't home is in New Hampshire, right on
"	1 "IMF” I	.
dim eye kindled, and the pale cheeks go lo college, sometime. Do yon think	*	I rattle.
glowed, while the wounded man made III diet Will Ï never go home ngam I	^ I Grade—Isn't that a funny thing for
"mother effort to rise. He succeeded [-never tee mother nor little meter pR|NCE GEORGE, DUKE OF YORK, AND NICHOLAS, CZAR L blg woman like her!
this time, and with slow steps the two! either?"	,I	OF RUSSIA.	I Bobby—Seems so, kind o', but Mr.
It was a I The soldier groined, and bent still	Smartley says she's in her seeond
loser to the drummer-boy, asking so | Two royal first cousins with a striking mutual resemblance.	I childhood.
WHEN BURIED ALIVE.
on
A Machine fo Klgnul Tlinl Fad and Giro
You Air.
Count Michael yon Ko mice Kornivki, the Czar's chamberlain, has invented and perfected an exceedingly clover apparatus for the prevention of that bugbear of the nervou —a living I ur-The apparatus was offered as a gift to the French Government, wh eh still has its acceptance under consideration.
A tube protrudes four feel to four and a half feet abov * the surface of the grave, and upon the top of it is fixed a small met il lx>x w ith a spring lid, «ays the London Mail.
To the lower end of the tube, which just enters the upper lid of the coffin, is fixed an India rubber ball, charged pretty fully with air, ho I hut the slightest extra pressure upon it would cause a discharge of air upward through the tulw and thereby release the lid of the Ikix
slightest pressure
the lid automatically raises a small flag and sets an electric hell in motion, which rings immediately over the grave and in the sexton's house, where it also releases a flap which indicates the grave over which the 1k>x has opened. As will be seen, the slightest sign of breathing on the part of the buried person, or the slightest motion * of the heart will suffice to open the box, by a clever and intricate little mechanism, pumps a sufficient quantity of air down into the coffin to preserve the buried person from suffocation while assistance is arriving.
Count Karnicki, it may be added, is firmly convinced that thousands of persons are buried alive every year in a state of lethargy.
music growing more tinct.
It was reached at last, and the mys-
solved Leaning against ft

3
A

ia I
32
2Z
!
I
m
'1 didn’t s’ih>fc any of you was ho
a#
a

i

«V

which springs open upon the
I he opening of
o°*
as
m
O
I
SB-
m
o
EI
I
o
a
ilo
AM
NS

9
É
4
A

:j
commenced their retreat
novel sight, that tall, muscular nmi.	__	__
towering head «Ad shoulders above t he J earnestly if he must die. . How could
###PAGE###7###
52s*.m ¦» rs sr-i&s« iss- -îr-is
K.*v l>r. Tnlmaie Prritrlirft n Tlutrly «ml f' tH 11 1 ,l kl( k. his thirt lei h chap- are a dying sinner. Do you expect all iNilrnrllTc Mermen-The Mn«l In HI led "aii-.n 11 :‘s 'V	ln regard to David:	^lories of heaven to he given to
Wlih lirai» « iirN In tlir Minpe of Nlii q i: .. * mV ' i»/	< .Vï8*’ , !	‘ one uh wayward us you have l>evn?’' | man utterly diwou raged if he dot
Thln«« Which nrv ImpoNNlhle for <*hrl*t ^	' ’V' Am 1	Hut do no! he dhVnunigcd, 0 seeking not make a fortune thin year t Doe* <e-."
- Here re mete mure Kieiled in Hor.il» Ktones ?•’	*7:,...!'%	;l,- l,w wl.,“ mult Put down the pack of thy sine he not keep on trying and trying? rectangl
nr* ............. ¦ sr xtr'^-rF?, trt	! srj» ;%%%%* *I
Biii
made whole from that very hour/- that	d**r* or hours of darkness and st rug- down before him, and yet when he the. message must he sounded in his
Matt IV Ofl ou	«iVTRiMTa rrB rivD . tAru, ?,e compared with the eternal ilium- CH®« to die, the rabble rushed into the iear*.
"’*	.	. ,	h A rs r L LIKE a DOG. I ination? What were the five min- r<>>m end stole the pictures, and actu- 21. Jehudi. An official messenger.
It was a buhbsth aftei noon in he It may flatter you for a while ; it may ulet in which thi# Syrophoenirian wo- a"j stole the last shred of clothing T ,	.	.	..	.
I had been try- (,'»res* you for a while; hut no Eastern I man Moo 1 in bitterness behind Jesus, 1 be corpse of William 1 he Conqu-	1 hp ,0 1	wantvd to hHar
traveller ever more mercilessly heat a	compared with the eighteen hundred	eror* And then, when	they cam w,	the	prophecy for him elf.	In the	ears
rhrUii.n	tif„	hnd	„nthii.o-	hut	î\h“*p 1,1 Hie streets of Bei rout or	y‘/ns in which a he has rejoiced before	'11 V him in the chancel	of the church,	of all the princes.	Thid	was the	sec-
g	l>amascus than sin will heat you and	H mf Courage. O sorrowing *on|.	A man st»>d up wiih a	st rong protest	on,|	#jme , i„,v u«.	d
a struggle.	I	sat down	at the table,	me if t gets n chance. "The way of	^ e ping may endure for u night,	I that actually staggered	back the pall-	"	M
took up my Bible, and asked for Divine the transgressors is hard."	hut joy cometh in the morning/' Many hearers and procession, and inquired u\ ,n^*	.*y le-peelfully
illumination. and it ixtured like sun- Sin IM il scarification of the soul. Sin a man has put his hand over hisshoul- "hy such a miserable carcass as that while he mat in stale on his Persian
liffht m^n mv m/.uI tlirmiah i he «tiorv	to *he young man. It says: der to find the cro^s, and to! it was should be let d >w n into the church
light ur n my soul through the sury lake a game of cards—it won't hurt gone; hut in bringing his hand back < hancel ? All the world honouring
of the 8yroph0( nicinn woman.	you. Besides that, it is the way men	«gain, he has stiuck the crown	on his	him a	little while before—now all the
This woman was a mother, and she	niakc their fortune." It is only a	head, radiant with power and	glory,	glory departed I The world	which one
.small stake. See how easy it is. The I ee horses dashing down the street, day. cries to you : Hosanna ! Hosanna!"
....	..	, young man plays and wins a horse and I’hry draw a chariot. Who is in it? will soon cry : "Crucify him ! Crucify
had a virulent, exasperating convul-	carriage and a house—wins a fortune.	A man with a bandage over his	mouth,	him I"	And yet, my dear	brethren,
fiive disease, called the possession of	See liow easy it is," says sin ; "it don’t	and his head wrapped in folds.	Who	though	you are aware of	this, you
cost you anything. Look at those *s it?	have been pushing on after the honour
young men who rtirk to their salaries,	NAAMAN, THE LEPER.	of 1 his world, when I see that one-
z: %	E°xE I ^iîfEEBiFE P—"Z	t
iiEI	:lgiP!i*
they try to get the woman out of trample him in wild delirium. "The com„ ,»!me ']11 In ,,ny un.v !t «hall	REF 1 SF.D IO BE PCI OFF.	24. t et they were not afraid. These
Christ's presence, but He forbids her wa7 of the transgressors is hard." their' ImsMn Him * '*** ‘ PUt|and P^y, and pray and pray again, pitia.bl* b;,d did no} knnw in wh«‘
¦¦
mmpsMK=i
*****
fore you get there she will come down, iLir<1 .•	y	,sg	I in 1820, tried to get into Westminster J>cpai t you accursed !' Coming from nezz^r had once lieen to Jerusalem, and
skipping out to meet you."	' RtN nrXfPANS its	! Abbey at the coronation of (ieorge IV., ! . M,Uf«y of the Bible this morning ,H>°P,e knew* what to expect if he came
There I see the mother going. She i .	.	.	’ .	her offended husband. With six shin- mto your presence, 1 fpel overwhelmed ‘P»1"-	( «ause to cease from thence
les la twenty years younger—getting on sin 18 crueL Bl,J ,s desperate—it lacer- ing, |mys nn(j |n a carriage of state, she \)y ^ fru,hs, and I cry out : If the n^,n ;,nd heast. A most terrible In life, hut she goes with a naif run. f. ®8* 11 mauls the soul, it chains you rode up (o fjlp ^oor. She I rie<l this ord w. ^od, follow Him. Make up phecy of desolation. It denotes th .
Amid an outburst of hysterical laugh- .lk® °?’ 1 drlXes ou .!ke a door ; no admittance. She tried an- yoUr m,nd whether the Bible is right extermination of living creatures.
1er and tears they meet. The mother d**' 11 ' mows refuse to you	a	, other door ; th^y demanded tickets. She or	is wrong, quit these us- '** He shall have non»- to sit upon the
biwiks dow n every time she tries to d°5* d i'y'iih .you ^.l h ^numerable ; caine (v „not her door and said, "sure- “hiages ; they do not amount to any- one of David. After Jehoiakim’s tell it; the daughter with cheeks as ! s	kt* :l	ls a. h'gend jy yOU would not keep out your ' hmg. If the Bible is wrong, stop ^euth his hful son attempted to
rosy as before she fell in the first fit; road of some one of whom it whs Queen .*• hut they said, "We have no I	i ,e d<f8. n</1 amount to any-	himself on that throne, hut after
the doctors of the village prophesy- | foretold that she would die of a t#r- or(|erh for y0Ur admittance." So she 1 limK- .^ut ir is all truth, if I tvyo months of tuhulence he was taking thnt	\V*ni « bite The father to keep her mounted her carriage and rode away ,,m :ul. imilnartal ,nî,«» and >’et a dying | an	to Babylon and never again
THE CURE WILL NOT LAST,	! awa{ from tkat* bP*U a CK|,le far oat | in derision. Let me say that ihe at- m;,1n’ *f lhm LWf must soon perish, I #h^ Çity of his fathers. Him dead
because it was not according to their ,n , ,!** He sanl no serpent could lemp, to gt.t into the temple of Christ’s an<1 lh^n ro>'H,,ul rise up into the pres-	be cast out. A repetition
prescription. But I read in-the old- crHwl tbere«* but one day a boat came | merry will be fruitless if we come încn Almighty Bod, and stand be- °f Jer J9* This prophecy was doul-t •st medical journal of the world. "»be un,lei lhe castle, and the daughter w|(h pli<le an<1 comp in pomp We I fore.Him in judgment, oh! let me a p-	fulfilled, but we have no know
daughter was made whole from that ,Ha"’ g,uai>VH ,n *t' and* clLln5 doiNn a cannot ride through the gates in state Rreciate it, an let me act upon it. , dfe ib** historic facts, very hour."	• .lope»/'he 6°f. 1 he Ç, aPP8< ^ld wa8 ealf ' —we cannot come w ith plumes or pre- i J*y, 1	crushed heart of the Son of 9\ !f,m • • • his seed . . his ser-
in the first place, I learn from my ,n? . m, when she foun<i a serpent tension. Rit h!y robed Queen Carol ne [,od* f,y the flaming throne of heaven, Mr, • • • the inhabitants of Jer-•uhjecl, that sin treats us like a dog. j	entwined	tn	the clusters. It	failed	nt Westminster Abbey with ' !':v ,hy ra^i,,hr furnace of	hell, fly for	,P?J* • • the men of Judah. All
—not as dogs arc now treated. Land-	**er, and she	died, bin may seeui lu.s-	George	IV.; but the Byrophueniemn I 1 b*T !,lfe ' Let the w icked	forsake his	different classes of the community
__er, in bis pictures, makes princes of |ciou-i and ripe, and to have all the woinan 0f the text, nt ihe d<H)i of W:iy- . 1 do not fl»k what sins you have are «I>ecified because all had united in ¦ II the canine family. You sometimes	°f	vineyard, but at the last	( hist's	merry, succeeded with the committed. I do not come	with a par-'	/ *‘ rr,me* I he whole of t he little nn~
find the kennel lined and cushioned. I	*! nteth	like & serpent, and sting-	Lord of	earth and hraven. She want- ,la ^0SI^L 1 do not say:	"This man	^as demoralized.
The St. Bernard doge are admired all fj*1 llkt\ an V1/ -r *	b,lve nJ’ ed only the crumbs—she is invited to may r<*ceive the Gospel, and for that	rrom the mouth of Jeremiah. This
the world over. There is one of them thing to do with its approaches. It	ranohetTFR m,n ‘here will he no mercy." I tell lp,'lfls' as the sam» phrase means in
with a collar on hie neck inscribed with P'omtws you a robe; it will co/er you ' atti ur AO A	y«u that Christ’s arm of mercy is yerw 27. at the dictation of Jeremiah,
the names of tUenty-five persons whose w,l‘l tags, it offers you a chalice of | Thr kingdom of heaven is large enough at retched out far enough to take in ' ' uy like words. Many words thit lives he saved from the snow. The saga- | luxurious beverages; il will fill you when you get into it, but the gate is 'his audience, saying, " Whosoever aKoo,»d with those on the destroyed city and faithfulness and kindness of	wormwood. It promises you a go low that you cannot come in save on "HL let him come and lake of the wa-	°° Jchoi a kirn’s sin, like every
t|ie dog have conquered the respect | thione! it will drive you into a kennel, your knees. O man ! O woman! out ler uf life freely." Did you ever have n	endeavor to frustrate the plans
of the world. It dashes from the ship’s Again, my subject shows you Jesus	0f christ I push your w;iy this day in-	better offer than that?—pardon for all	° c,°d.	failed.
dock to nave the life of the man over- w*'h His back turned. T hat woman	tQ that kingdom. AVith earnest, im-	Y^ur sins, comfort for all >our trou-	___
board. He rushes into the wild surf came ,0 Him, and said: "Lord, spare portunale, confident, persistent pray-! hie, shelter in all your temptations,
¦nd brings ashore the exhausted hath- 'he life of my child; it .will not cost er conquer all the obstacles in you • lwn<y‘ when you die, and joy for ever.	WIQ
or With its warm tongue it licks to life \ y°u anything." Jesus turns His. back. way. I suppose that the people who And all without money and without	%
the freezing wayfarer. From the Liffy He tin ows positive discouragement	were standing around about the wo-	price.” May thav Almighty Spirit, wriih-	Lon i	you think	that	fellow	who
Bridge a child fell into the water. A uP°n her petition. Jesus stood with	m,in and around about Christ, said,	ou' which the heart stays hard, and	l,uke his - ngagernent	because	the girl
dog stood on the bridge and saw it “8	'° 'Hind Hartimeus, and the ( "Don't ho h^r Jesus with that matter. ®H Christian entreaty is unavailing— went to the jeweler and inquired the
fall, and leaped after the child as p foamy demoniac, and the limping para- , yoU CnnT make any impression on him. may I h it Spirit I his morning set heft ire l,r,cc of t he ring a little sensitive ? earn* to t he surface, and seizing R	and 1 hef	sea w hen He hushed it,	He has no medicine. If the	doctors of	fo’t t h11 st upend u-Ls îe of t his ho ir. O	, 'nink	lie was	wise. A	woman	like
gently, but firmly, brought it ashore.	itnd ' he grave	when He broke it—but	your vi'Tige can’t cure your	daughter,	eternity! where shall I spend it?	1 h 1 ' would lie wanting her	husband to
A gentleman stood on the bridge, look-	now He turns	His back. I asked an	Christ can’t do it ; besides	i hat, you	V here will you spend it ? O eternity!	ke »p an	account	of his	private	exin* down at it, and said: "How very	ar,i«t a day or	two ago if ever he saw	can see, from His looks, that	He don’t	Jo.V* 'hat will never fade ! sorrows	I***'*
gacious that dog is—how very kind a represent at ion of Jpsum Christ with fare anything for you." The woman 'hat never end—which shall he mine ?
•nd faithful !" But he was thrilled His back turned. He raid; "No." And knPW bel 1er. With prayer, ?h» seized I Which shall he yours?	|
through when be saw it was his own *' *8 a ' hat you may go through ChrDt, and with omnipotent cure °bild that had been saved. There is °H the picture galleries of London, Christ seized the invalid, and "she was no way in which you cap so deeply of- and den, and Home, and Florence, made whole from thit very hour." Oh ! fend a hunter as by maltreating his an'' Naples, and you will find Christ bring th* diseases ot your body, bring hounds The finest picture in the wj'h f!|H f tee and profile, but never tho diseases of your soul, to Christ ; if room of Dr. John Brown, of Edinburgh, w''h His back turned. Tel here; in | His face be turned away from you, the celebrated author, is a picture of 1 his passage He turned away from the keep on until He shall turn His face Rab," the dog immortal. Walter woman. And to. some of you have you/ Persevere, implore, beseech,
Scott sang his praise. The mastiff, come at	and found Jesus with agonize and conquer,
lying, toothless and blind and lame, on I Hi* fac^ a^trn5r f,'ora you Here is some- Why, my friends, you talk as though the door mat, is the pet of the	whole	bo ty who is	striving to be a Christian.	' there were a greater amount of pene-
household.	He has cried	to <»ol for mercy, and he	veranee to he used in th * matter of be-
But it was not so in	the	time of	has b*en in	as much anxiety about	coming a Christian than in anything
Christ, nor is it so in the	East	to-day. 1	his fow. as	that Syrophoenician wo-	else. Let me say, you have five hun-
SIN TREATS US LIKE A DOG
dred times in your !if*» exerted more persevere ne and put forth more déterminai ion than would have made you I â Christian You put it out in worldly directions, If you hid taken a t hound! h pe 11 ni >oui wot l ily eat n d • ness, »nd with Christ,
Him.
wealth of this world 1 Is any
f
IHE SUNDAY SCHOOL.
THE STORY OF THE SYROPHOENI-
t IAN WOMAN.
INTERNATIONAL LESSON, DEC. 11.1
It gone toward I "frying In l»r*ir»> (•» 4'm n«nl." Jer. M.
you	would have	found
How	men seek for t ho
*# WV. («ililrii Text, Un. ##. H
PRACTICAL NOIES.
Ver** LO. They went in. The "prin-I he court. II oiibi less an iiin -r
•• of tiw puJ ice, like theterag-the Turkish
sultan roll in the chamber of
they
Told all the
Belleville parsonage ing for years to preach, but to me the
Hi o-id be.side stood
22. The king .sat in the winter house. "The house of winter" was the innermost, most sheltered part palace. The ninth month.
of I he December
had an afflicted daughter. The child
A fire on ihe hearth. "A fire pot;"
in a
‘in a brasier** — (Revised Vérin the. Kaat iouiih are warmed
the devil. The mother was just like
hi on
other mothers ; she bad, no peace a a
man
Made in
T
came to
,.	God knew the prophet's:
biding place and gave him work to do. Ihe roll, and Ih» words
8
The roll of
•It; i
pro-» ut-
WHAT SHE WANTED.
Im there anything you want f asked ihe butcher of the Kittle girl with the soulful ey n I f>>un-like¦¦¦¦¦¦
Oh, yes, sir, li»p?d the little angel, limidly. I went a sealskin sacque, and a diTnond ring, end trotting horse, and a «team yacht and a foreign nobleman and a pug dog, and a brown Slone hous\ and a lox at the c. and lots of other tilings ; but nil wants is ten cents' worth of bologna sausage for dinner, and won’t you please trust her for it till	—
*' Tn-day the Saviour calls. Ye wanderers, com® ;
O ye lenighfed souls !
Why longer roam?
air
" To-day the Sivi iur rails. For refuge fly;
The storm of vengeance falls, Ruin is nigh.
"The Spirit calls to-day, Yield to His power ;
Oh grieve Him not away,
Tis mercy's h#ur.M '
operj
ma
###PAGE###8###
7
x» —
Cattle Astray.
?rnprior will Help.
Strayed from Lot No. 22 on tho Hth Range of Clarendon, about last of August , two red colored heifers, one 1 jt years and
Information that will
TOWN PEOPLE FAVOH OlVIffU A «KANT TO HELP ON TUB C ANAL Hi'HKMF.
Dressy Men
Mr. McLe >d Stew
Arnprior, Deo. 2 art, of Ottawa, and Mr. W. J. Poupore, M. P., addressed a large meeting in the town hall on Thursday evening relative to the Montreal, Ottawa and Georgian Bay canal. The audience listened attentively and applauded liberally, although the"apeechee covered but the usual ground. Mr* Stewart expressed himself aa being confident that by September, 1001, the canal would be completed, with boats passing Arnptior every five minutes. The object of the meeting, it is understood, was to secure a grant of $200 from the town toward the coU of preliminary surveys, but nothing was said of this by either speaker. To such a grant it is not at all likely that any serious objection would
be raised, aa the canal would come as a
¦¦¦The meeting was pre-
unv‘4 vtNi.i* ol«l	Vi
lead to their recovery will fce thunk fully
ed by the undersigned.
JAS. PREN DERG AST.
•)
reeei v

Farm For Sale.
A
- “ *• SmSsSBs
Our suits are no imitations, Perfect in Fit as they are
H. s. Dirt’s mm
50seres of choice clay and loam, (estate late Win. Kidney) one-half (i) mile from Shaw ville, and Containing frame dwelling, log barn and other outbuildings ; watered by two creeks on West and South aides.
Apply to
j; Y. CALDWELL.
77 Rank St., Ottawa.
ready made auit is out what it is meant	. .
or less doubtful. To make your imitation*
have your clothing made to order by us.
reproductions of the original mode-am
Admirable in Woikmanehip.................
but
‘‘THE LEADING BOOSE ”
THE TAILOR.
A. R. McGUIRE
Tenders Wanted.
boon to Amprior sided over by Mayor Stafford, and at its close a vote of thanks to Messrs. Stewart and Poupore WMi|tnoved*hy Dr, Armstrong and seconded by Mr. A. J. Jeffery.
rpo SUPPLY lOOO cedar posts, 8 feet Ion# i and 6inches In diameter at smaller end, sound and atralKhi. to be delivered on 1. I N«>. il, itli range of Bristol, hoi later than the first of March. l*h*. Tenders to tw In before the isi of January, i«®. Also « u nantit y of bsU poles.	bUNC \ N It. Camâ BELL.
Ma, le Bulge 1». O., Une
lu the enormous business done by -The Leading -
-> - - II oilse — •
la in always having the right goods at the right TIME and at the RIGHT drives
they can always get just what they want hero. The Fall and W inter season of 1898 will not find us behind the mark. Every department is now tilled with only the beat goods desirable for n Canadian winter—Comfortable Furs, Comfortable Clothing Comfortable Bedding, etc., etc., and the prices are as near right as the combined efforts of ready money and years of experience possibly make them.
The Secret of Success I
"FTP-TOD ATE
FURNITURE
Mason & Son’s Timber Limit Sold
The timber limits of Maton & Sons were disposed of by auction at the Russell House, Ottawa, on Wednesday last. A number of prominent lumbermen were
present.
Berths No. 338 and 389 on Big Like, River Durnoine, containing 100 square miles, weie purchased by Mr. E B. Eddy for $35,000. The limit contains considerable spruce, and is valuable for pulp pur poses. A depot, farm and provisions on the limits, valued at $10.000, were also gold to Mr. Eddy for $10,000, less 25 p c.
Parcel No. 2, containing berths Nos. 343, 344, 205, 233(ur berth A) and berth 234 (or berth B), situated on River Coulonge, in the province of Quebec, containing 245 square miles, was sold to Mr. E. B. Eddy f„r $29,000. The farm and depot these limits were sold to Mr. Eddy for $9.000, less 25 p. c. discount.
Berths in the townships of Brougham and Bagot on the Madawaeka and in Pap and Cameron on the Ottawa, near Mat taws, are withdrawn owing to low bidding.
The Mason mill at Bayswater was put under the hammer, Lut no bids were W* fared, and it will therefore remain in the hinds of the Bank of Ottawa, under whose auspices the sale xvae conducted.
Wood wanted.
Our customers know that
©PGRIRG.
rp EN DE Its add reused to the undersigned I will be received up to Friday noon, the Kill) Inst . for the delivery at the Academy during tho month of January next, of thirty cords of sound green hard wood -maplv, birch or beech and the usual (plant It y <»t good clean Dry Pine, the whole to be split tine sud to tie not less than two feet In length. Cash payment on delivery.
Shaw ville, Dec. 2,18V 8.
(oo)
CUTHBERTSON & GRAHAM, Main Street, - - Shawville,
Have just received from one of the most extensive manufac county. The display comprises—
BEDROOM SUITES, x DIM NO ROOM TAULES, I DININU ROOM CHAIRS -KITCHEN TABLES,
KITCHEN CHAIRS,
Nec.-Treas
Public Notice.
can
The annual meeting of the members of the Pontiac Agricultural Society No. 1 will
tne year ISH9. a meeting of Directors will be held at 10 a m., the same day. A full boa id I# requested.
JOHN YOUNG,
President December 3rd, 18VS
\
(OFFICE CHAIRS,
SECRETARIES’ DESKS,
HALL RACKS,
CENTRE TABLES,	. x
SIDEBOARDS, (<>f all kinds and prices.)
LOUNGES,
MORRIS CHAIRS,
FANCY ROCKING CHAIRS,
FANCY REED CHAIRS, ROCKERS and Ml SlC HACKS,
SPRING & FIBRE MATTRESSES,
In fact, everything required to furnish a house in first-class style.
OF ALL STYLUS AND
Department
on
This department is filled with the latest novelties in plain and fancy Black Good j, ranging from 26 cents per yard to $1 60 per yard. Colored Cashmeres and Serges in all the desirable colors for this season’s wearing.
Scotch and French Plaids in great variety, from 10 cents to 00 cents per yard.
i
AT
E. GRAHAM.
Heo.-Treas
ALL TRUE*
DININi; ROOM ROCKERS,
KITCHEN ROCKERS,
CHILDREN’S ROCKERS, CHILDREN'S HIGH CHAIRS, CHILDREN'S CRADLES,
CHILDI.EN S TOY SETS-i2cM|i )
PURE BRED
CHESTER WHITE HOC
in van
The undersigned offers for service to any one desiring the same, hi* Imported registered client*-r While Hog -John Bull. ice —One dollar.
I have also for sale nine pure bred Chester While Pigs, six weeks old, at $5.00 per pali . These pigs are larger than ordinary pigs at two mouths old.
....-	ïssysEïss ",,lr
and at prices to suit all.
We have nothing. old to . . show yon
In the Silk £
Department i
orders
Honor Hollo for November
No 2 School Bristol
m+***#*****+a#**«*+*+»+»»3 This Branch has been fully
I UNDERTAKING I equipped with all the neces-
*"+******+" savy requirements, including the best Embalming appliances that could be procured.
GEORGE TO WELL.
Breeder of pure bred Chester White Swine.
North Clarendon
New, fresh goods of all the latest patterns in Blouse Silks and Colored brocades
Grade 1 —1, Maggie Hark ness and John B. Dull, (equal, 3, Miltoji MvKechnie, 4, Not man Duds. Junior 1\ .
—1, Athne Cuthbertson, Annie Duff and Etta Shirley, (equal), 3, Andrew Duds,
Duncan Campbell and Vtua Camubell,
(equal.) 4, Herbie Cuthbertson, Pearl Shirley and Edey McKechuie (tqual, 6,
Lewis Harknesa and Fulbert McCorns-equal. Senior, Grade 111.—1, E.s e Stewart, 2, Willie Stewart. Junior,
Grade III.—1, Donald Duff, Eva Shirley itid Leslie MoCredie, 2, Annie An«ut,
E*	ftrSwvic*.
S5^”l5Snir2bt£''i:	"""" Comforters - -
— 1, Mabel Stewart, 2, Leonard Angus, Fee-one dollar.	Armstrong
3, Gordon Campbell, 4, Marcus U ids.	........Green Lake
Lila J. Smiley, Teacher.
No. 3 Clarendon for October.
Grade IV. — 1, Gertie Me Janet, 2, Lillie Smart, 3, EJna Smart. Grade ill —
1,	Ethel Staik, 2, Gordon Smart and Eva Brown, equal, tirade II —1, Kity Crick,
2,	Ida Stark, 3, Clarence Smart. Primer II.—1, Wi frid Bean, 2, Herbie Maitland,
3,	Freddie Smart. Primer I.— l, L"Uilla Sraik, 2, Bella Stark, 3, Freddie Dean.
Conduct.— tiartie Me Janet. Lillie Smart,
Ueibio Maitland and E'hvl Sunk.
F. Cvrkie, Tkachpr
No. 3 Clakend n for November.
Senior
Pore-tail Berkshire Hoc, m ^ stapie
OFFICE AND SHOWROOMS--A. R. SMILEY’S BUILDING,
Department -
FOR SERVICE.
Next Door tu G. M• Donaldson s Je" eli.eky Store
You will find an extensive range of Canadian and English flannellettee from 4 cents to 15 cents per yard.
The undersigned offer si lor service his pure bred Berkshire Hog. Kee-OneUoH,r. r
Shaw ville
ton,
i
The mill pond and Dagg’s lake hdS afforded good skating since the cold weather set in, and many of our young people have taken full advantage of the fact.
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY
etc. etc.
Blankets and

C,
j We have never shown such - a line of White and Gray ( Blankets and Comforters.
Thirty-Seven Drowned.


THAT NUMBER WERE LOST IN THE WRECK OF THE CLAN DRUMMOND.
Lisbon, Dec. 2. -Thirtyseven people, who were on board the British steam» r Clan Drummond, from t;.e Clyde via. Liverpool for C pe Good Hoj.e previously ported totally wncked'iu the Bay of Biscay, were drowned. The members of the ship’s company raved number twenty The rescued are on board the British steamer llolbein, Capt. Shuriock, from London and Antwerp for Rio Janeiro, anchored off Caecaee, 15 miles west of here. The Holbein has propeller shafting in (he tunnel.

Chester White Hog for
Service.

Ladies Woollen . Underwear
A complete stock of the above always on hand at
The undersigned offers to fanners the ser vice of his well-t»red Chester White Hog
°Ue ^GEORGE SOMERVILLE,
Lot 7, W. Range Thorne
• ¦ ¦
with, or without sleeves, ribbed or plaiu, all sizes. The latest novelties in Ladies’ Wool, Cashmere and Kid Gloves.
ie-
Main St. - - Shawville.
SEPA1R1XC A SPECIALTY.
three
CHESTER WHITE HOC The Clothing
CxOttawa/^ Business College.
(Established 33 years.)
Department
# •
Confidence in the clothing department was established long ago, but will be largely increased when you see the well made, neat-fitting stylish-looking suits wo are selling at $5.00, $0.00 $8.00 and $10.00. Mens' fall overcoats, equal to tailor-
made, at $5.00 to $10.00. Men’s underwear in all sizes and qualities, and at the very lowest prices.
I offer for the service of swine breeder-* my improved Chester White Hog "Q,uyc>jl Hoy,” No. 11011. This h« g was farrowed 12th March. 1803 and look first prizes at the Shaw -ville and Beachburg exhibitions. Ho Is no kin to the hog 1 had last year, titrvice fee-one dollar for first sow and fifty cents for second. Sows may be returned if necessary.
HENRYT. MCDOWELL,
Lot 4. Ranged, Clarendon.
1, Lillie Smart, 2, Her ho
Grade 111—1, 3, Willie Crick, 2,
Grade IV
Smart, 3, Edna Smart E hel Stark, 2, Gordon Snui Fulford. Grade II. — 1, K i Clarence Smart, 3, Lila Quinn. Primer IL — 1, Herbie Maitland, 2, Wilfrid Bash and Herbio Smart, «quai. Primer I.—1,
L milla Staik and Louisa Dean, equal, 2,	, , n .	.
Hill* Staik and ' Mu y Wilson, equal. Messrs. R. C. Mular, of the Pembroke Cunduc*. — 1, Herbie Smart, 2, Lillie Observer and Edward Irvine, arrived Smart, E;hel Staik and Freddie Smart, h me from the Klondyke last week, none
F. Currie, Teacher, the worse in health for their hard and
BRISTOL
Fall term commence» August 15th. A permanent st-IT of four experienced «b e expert teachei8 ; thirty two year» of uninterrupted success ; being indorsed by the Issuing business and p ofessional men or the Capital : each graduate getting the Dip ont a of the Business Educators’ Association of Canada ; the success of our graduates (they are to be found everywhere) arc points for your consideration. Send for new C at a. og lie.
JOHN KEITH, Principal, 148.154J Bank St., Ottawa.
»
Bristol, Nov. 27.—Jack Frost has again made his appearance, settling the ploughing for this season, 1 think, as there tins been such a long spell of open weather 1 don’t think anyone has any reason to complain.
Mr L. S. Doan is at present engaged in p asteriug Mr. John Raidi house.
Mr. Willie Russell of Durh-un, N. Y., and his sister, Miss Hannah, arrived homo Tuesday night.
Miss Djds has returned from Manitoba, and resumed her duties in No. 1
school ngam.
Quite a few of our young folks fr m this section attended the concert in the
Clarendon
concert was a success financially and as regards the entertainment, all present seemed satisfied with their night’s enjoyment.
The Delegacies of the Tablet
Are all to be found here in the Pink of Perfection.
Groceries |
laborious journey
SHAWVILLE
The Storm King's Victims
Another Indian Upr sin? Feared
air Dressing Parlor

OVER TWO HUNDRED l’E RLE PERISH
St. Paul, Minn., Dec. 3.—Another up
rising of the Chippewa Indians is threat	,	,
ÏASXBoqtsaad Sheas
whom he attempted to arrest for tic coast on Saturday i»ight, Ndv. 26, is violating the game laws. He was badly estimated at over 200. Besides the loss | whipped, and State Game Warden Fuller- of the large steamer Portland on which
u , T .	I	,w-	t	u	H î.k I t"n ordered that the Indians be taken	there were a number of Canadians, it is
Peerless L >dge	I.	O. G	T.	is	flourish-	jnto CUKtudy> The Indians declare they	reported that 56 vessels wore	wrecked,
mg and several new	members	have be-m	will resist attempts to capture them,	totally, and as many more run	aground,
enrolled.	and threatens to organize a rebellion.	with poor chance of being saved	A large
A few of our sportsmen attended the	*	number of bodies wore washed a shore
fl
Tie
Model school,
SHAWVILLE
MAIN ST.,
men
You’ll be glad if you do aath soçry if you don't visit our shoe department, and get our prices on all up-to-date goods. Our store is filled from floor to ceiling with the very latest in Fall Footwear, for ladies and children, men and boys. Our stuck is admired by all. Our sales are large, and this year will be a record breaker.
If you require a Hair Cut or Shave, yon are guaranteed kallstaction at the Sbawville Hair Dressing Parlour.
Parties wishing to have their rpzors honed or drefined can have them put In excellent condition for from 15 to 25 cents.
Thy my Hair Tonic.
shooting match at Glengyle. Very few geese were taken.
Mr. M. Sullivan had a ploughing bee Wednesday and got quite a piece of plowing done. There was a pleasant little party
Miss Liura Cuthbertson of Mapls Toronto, Dec. 2.— 1 he provincial board ^ew York Dec. 2.—When August Bom* Ridge, is visiting at her uucle’s, W. I of health discussed the prevention of "the bja(iai 0f	76 Albert st., Stein way,
Cutfibertto i s.	j transmission of tuberculosis, and the vs- b|0Ught his little b<»y, August, five years
Snider lilies are all the go, everywhere I tablishraent of cottage sanatoriums. 1 he t() tjie pa8tcur Institute, Wednesday theie is a hill you will see a target and j board will recommend that phthisis be afternooni the little one was already deep some one armed with a Snider aiming made a notifiable disease.	jn the throes of hydrophobia. He had
hard for the *' bull’s eye.” Indeed some I The board will also make arrangements I tjeen bitten by a mad dog on October 19 four young ladies may bm seen practising j for public meetings throughout tho Prov* I ja8t. The boy snapped and barked at
Woe betide the deer | ince, at which capable men will lecture, ^oae around him and took violent con-
the necessity <-f sanatorium* and | vulaiona. The physicians pronounced his infection IHÉiÉBB	¦¦
near Orleans, Mass., and at otner places along the coast, which is also strewn with wreckage.
JOHN SMITH.
Stamping out Disease
PROVINCIAL HRA1WH BOARD RECOMMENDS REPORTED CONSUMPTION CASE.
THE HULL ELECTRIC CO.
Boy hu Hydrophobia
- •- THE LEADING HOUSE - •
H.S. DOWD, — QOYON
Cars run at Intervals of twenty minutes in the morning and fifteen minutes In the afternoon, dally. Sundays Included.
l
Close connections arc made with all Canadian Basilic and Gatineau Valley trains ut Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
tfaggage promptly handled.
with the Snider that tbould stray along
on
W, B. TAYLOR,
8ec.-Treae.
Rambler,
case hopeless
'
