###PAGE###1###




No. 22.—IOtii Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, NOV. 21, 1901
$1.00 a Yea k in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAT
locals that pay
$E5B1HF «*
Hjtt11 ctir< fully onr special oflTor for en HoIidavK art* close at baml. I advito largo mvn is. This is fur admit time onlv you to place your orders for photo* early	n iv«iw,,v
and avoid rush.	II. Imihon.
Coupon and Local Tick eta to all parts Smart and gSm i t^’!s nt ttli' vV' of \ he
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.|2Æ’7ÏL ÆîïïïttÆffi ^.'t.r.ÏÏSAr'
HHHjjHHHHÉHHHHjHH
SPECIAL OFN ER FOR EN- If you want photos taken of your chil-LAROEMENTS this month only, dren I advise you to take them early in I will give you one Crayon enlargement tne day. I can give you better satlsfac-beautifully framed, and I d-z. Cabinet	H. Imison.
WÊ^KKÊÊÊÊÊÊt^KKÊKÊM I^iotos for $6.00. Lring any picture you	Ciioto
Money loaned on approved aeenrity at desire copied. If you want the enlarge- , 1 Nov-. for that day only as I am run-
rrr««-^	« sESSS
SAVINGS BANK.
Accoun/s opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Head Office : ..... Capital entairtlied Uei'lUl pakl up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA
.........fl.WM.POO
........ \,m,m
.........1,600.4.15,
Ready-to-Wear Clothing.
OP CANADA.
Kent
Board of Directors :
Charles Maobb, Ehq., President Ceorcr Hay, esq. ,Vice-President
Hoh. G bo. Duran*. Jr.	Joint Mathkr, E«q.
Albx. Fkasui. Bag , David MacLarin, Ksg.
Dbkmh Murphy, E*q
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000.
Head Office, • Montreal.
010ROBBURN D. M. FINN IB
General Manager .. .. Manager.
Brandies •
IN ONTARIO
Keewatin.
Kemptfille,
MetUwa,
Ottawa,
We have had gratifying success with Ladies’ Jackets this season. Our stock is still quite well assorted, having lately ceived a third consignment. Every garment we offer is the best of its kind, made of first-class material, in latest style and finished by skilled workmen. We keep none of the foreign slop work, and you don’t have to make over our Coats. They are all ready-to-wear.
our
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
Alexandria,
Ahiprior,
AvoniLore,
Braeebridge,
Carls ten
Lanark, Tarry bound Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winchester, do Bank St. Renfrew do Rideau 8t. Toronto,
re-
do
Place,
Hawkeshury, Vackleek Hill, Smith's Falls
IN MANITOBA :
mm*
Dauphin
Winnipeg,
* Portage La Prairie.
IN QUEBEC i Hull,
Bhawinlgan Falls.
Agents in Canada, New York and Chicago— Hank of Montreal.
Agents In St. Paul—Merchant* Nat Bank:
Agents In Loudon, Eng.—Parr’s Bank Ltd.
Montreal,
Lachute
P. Dumas
Orne* Hours . Saturdays . .
10 A.M.T0 3 P.M
10 A M. TO 1 P M.
F. A. PARKER,
Manager
in Toronto.	——:------------------—	^-----------
1 he tracker and pupils sincerely trust where a p/m his wife arose aid hasten ed that these good gentlemen will again to a neighbor’s for assistance. The !afc* honor them with a visit.	ter finding Marshall in a very critical
Miss Hunter, Model School teacher condition haatened to Ottawa for Dr. of Bristol, Que., spent the King’s Birth- Kennedy, who on arrival at the scene of day and two following days, visiting at the tragedy, examined the injured man, The inclemency of the weather last ^ie Rectory in Aylmer.	and took steps to have him removed
week gave r^uite a setback to those en-	,	to the Protestant hospital, Ottawa. Mar-
gaged in outside building work.	I OTTER LAKE & I .E8LIE |shad accuses^ayoung man named Arthur
and a warrant
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
' Several cases of measles and a few of mumps are reported in town. None, however, very serious.
~ Auctioneer J. J. Turner has another sale on for Wednesday of this week, at Mr. Denis Gorman’s 13th range Onslow.
perpetrator of the crime, has been issued for his
The remains of the late Bertie Me Oagg were interred in the Methodist
FOR MEN:
Mr. McCagg returned home on Sun day evening.
Western Oats
Our Overcoats and Fur Jackets are worthy your inspection, all good, honest goods, sold at very close prices. They make you look smart and prosperous. |
ORDER FOR A HALF MILLION* BUSHELS FOR SOUTH AFRICA BEING! SUCCESSFULLY
EXECUTED
Monday.
Mr. Jas. Gilpin was driving supplies
The anniversary eervicee of the Metho-	--- a ,1 I While the ,Tr.nx«ment,hich the de-
S£. %£*££& SfJSfe 0,„w. Northern Md W«=t.m
Rev. Manly Benson, D D , on Friday	and Pontiac Pacific Junction down from the .hanty sick	collection and shipment of half a million
evening, Nov. 29th.	Railways.	. Mr ® B' .D- Lafl®ur- of ,Br)"»n, was baehel. of Oiti for South Africa, it i. the	_
__	here a few days this week selling off opinion of the department; that a second
js, is æsltïbsl: t..,..,,™ d„,	°'the
„ .«.U,.,.	F...he™ "F,id*' “ bsd.‘za c= oil tan moccasins :
distance were not present.	joA"?’ g<j gol?g November 27th Mr. Lunam, cf the Bay, was out here bushels was as large a quantity as could
mm “SF mamma
James Howard, of the Brule’ hill sect-	  the Ba* Friday.	anypoint esst of Winnipeg, as the usual
ion, shot a fine buck on Wednesday last, The L. O. L. of Greermount had a	-— —	cost of handling and transportation prehut the noble animal led him a pretty shooting match on Nov, 5th. Quite a	PERSONAL	vents export to a veiy distant point. In
long chase before he succeeded in giving number attended, and the best shot. Mr.	_ j the esse of the South African consignment
James M. Hudgins, was presented with w o t> o-	, ,	, • however, systematic arrangement with
m,o h b,.,.™. Tt,	t zrzi-'—
J* submitted to the militia department and Mr McComston, of Bristol for approval a ¦	I	I I
desi re to pay their subscriptions in that way.
The largest stock in town—all No. 1, guaranteed. We ask you to look them over before buying.
st three months
him the third and fatal wound
gether with the good price which the war office is wi 1 ng to pay enabled the trans-Mr. Austin Hodgins, who has been action to be carried out with protit both in the Northwest for several months *he Alberta farmer and the British
authorities. The farmers of Alberta sre _	_	„ ,	.	.	'	_ * to receive 24 cents a bushel for the oats.
The Rev C.Lummis and Mr. John and the dealers 3 cents a bushel for in-1	0	—,	-	^	_ B
Hodgins, of Greermount, favored The ipection and purchase. Then the fregiht P. S. BlailketSt RllgS* RODCS. Equity with a call on Friday last.	for the 3,000 mile haul by rail from Csl-1	7	0	*
gary to St. John will be about 19 cents a

J
SHAW
(HP	Mr. and Mrs. Me Leary are visiting | past, i ©turned home on Thursday last
Winter weather ret in in old fashioned | friends in Biyson
Messrs. Thomas Dale and James M

style on Wednesday, snow falling almost, T.	.	. ...	__ _ ,
continuously during that and the follow- Jj^rwriUeon Saturdayc^lir^Alle
The shooting contest for the George J.	Dale. The Judd Bros, have taken the	Mrs. James Davis, of Hubberdton, N.J.,	I bably at Mon*real,	so	that	they	will	have
Bryson Trophy was concluded at the R.	contract of cutting and delivering said	and step-daughter, Miss	Jenn'e Davis,	i «bout trebled in cost	by	the	time	they
R. A. range on Saturday last, and re-	timber on the Quyon river. Some of the	left hero on Monday for	home, after a	I reach Cape Town,
suited in that handsome article falling to	young ladies of Greermount will not be | visit of several weeks to	Mr. and Mrs.	I	--------------
ownership of the trophy will be vested the measles, but is now recovering. The I n	_ T	r
m him till the next competition, and | measles have visited a number of homes	fourth Class.—Florence i	We sre in receipt from the Queen’s
will have to be won consecutive'y for three	I in the neighborhood lately.	Me Leary 1,	Came Hamilton 2, Eliza	printer at	Ottawa	of	a	copy	of the
years before becoming the property of	Mr. Phelps, of Sherbrooke, came to Tubman 3.	Third Glas*.—-Emma At-	Statutes of Canada	passed st	the	last
any competitor.	Each winner is to Thome to enjoy a week’s hunting. He	,mRon \	-^ornery illp 2, Lena eeeeion of the Dominion Parliament,
have his name engraved on the trophy,	succeeded in capturing two deer.	Rooney 3.	second Class. Bertha
rendering it possible that many names	Carmen. Black 1, Charlotte Rooney 2, Maggie
may be inscribed on its frosted exterior	_____^________	Judd 3. Second Primer.-Charlie Lum-
before any one can point with pride to	w	”lIa Î» Far! Lang 2, Bertha Mulligan
it as his personal property. It is safe	MAPLE RIDGE.	3. birst Primer.—Clarence Smith 1,
to conjecture the trophy will afford	  Gladys Smith 2, David Tubman 3.
lot* of amusement for a considerable	Robert Grant, late Principal of I	Margaret McFarlane, Teacher,
time to come. Before the fun is all the Public School, Brockville, Ont., over we intend some time tu gather in accompanied by his cousin, Mr Andrew the much coveted prize ourselves	-	~	--	-	*
were in



Books I
Books !



SALE OF
MILLINERY STOCK
Never before have we been able to give such remarkable values in Books as at the present time.
-AT-
N|rs. McWilliams’
Shawville.
Our stock is complete in every line. Books for young and old, including
PANSY BOOKS,
ELSIE BOOKS HENBY’S BOOKS, BALLANTYNE’S BOOKS PICTURE BOOKS.
Also a Choice Collection of
BIBLES, HYMN BOOKS,
PRAYER BOOKS, (the new edition)
$303.000 Timber Limit Bought
By Mr Eddy.
Grant, of Eîmside, Que., on Wednesday a. m., Nov. 13, visited No. 2 School,
He Skipped Out.	I the second year by Miss Hunter e very I Ottew^this tiornin^urohaW^ j
Mr. John Burrows called at this office i faithful and eneigttic teacher, who holds tionthe timberlerths Nos. 176and 182 on jSale to commence on Nov. 15th and to
«K % «ss a as assr it	1	«— * - m
JtrtShl “4J .SbZï'.t r »sr pms ZfL	zs i«— ¦» -	" - i»ik » "»
was boarding at Burrows', had taken his I Hunter m exam.,mg the pupils al er- nO,000^00 feet of timber. They were
*•— "" ““ “ ot..ttb....p |“ ~ tato. «-. IWIJ--W ££ ALTT,1 TJdThM:
to examine Grade II Model behool I ding afc g^ôO.OOO At 8300,000 Mr
Cullen quit. Wm.Ker, of Toronto, bid $302,000 and Mr Eddy bid 8303,000 getting the berths.

f
The
has
vil
private sale
Trimmed and un trimmed HATS will be sold at wholesale prices.
1
In addition to stock will also he sold HAT STANDS, LAMPS, 1 JEWELL WOOD STOVE and SINGER SEWING MACHINE
propriations, sundry well-worn garments,
the afternoon unpacking crockery. At	.	About 2 o click on Thursday Morning
Dale Bros where betimes Williams had On account of the inclemency of the last, Andrew Marshall, a retired farmer been a bicycle was found to be missing, weather, the attendance was 28 pupils resident near Ramsay a Corners, arose which coupled with	the knowledge that	out of .38 enrolled at	present. Their	from his b d to answer	a rap at the
he had asked for and had been refused	conduct was all that could be desired	door, and as he opened the latter, a
the loan of Sam Borrows’ wheel on Sun- Principal Grant who is a native of Bris* man demanded “his life or his money,” day inakesit look	pretty clear that the	tol, is a very clever and	popular gentle-	but without waiting for a	reply fired at
missing wheel went	of with the nigger	man, who has practised	successfully the j M ml.nil and fled. '1 he	hu let, wh ch	Next	door	to	Miss	A.	McRae's,
Williams was to have opened a boxing teaching profession for more than a i was supposed to be from a .Snyder rifle	______...
school in town, and ie said to have re quarter of a century. Ho retired from | aased through Ma,hall', neck and lod- Main Street, - Shawnlle-
ceived small sums in advance from a the work a few year» ago. the Principal ged in a beam in the catling and was af-	------
number of the hoys in that behalf. He ia at present viaitmgrelative* at Elmaide, Urwarda recovered. Marshall atou'.-d teems to have been a pretty elicit coon, and proposes spending the coming year I that La was shot and fell to the floor,
Call and get bargains as I leave for Mon
mrs. McWilliams.
Attempted Murder
an
Our space permits us to give you only a very vague idea of our immense stock of Books. It will be a pleasure, at any time, to show them to you. Our 15-cent and 25 cent Cloth bound Books are extra value. Regular price, 25 and 50 cents.
HONG KEE
J
CHINESE L#DI(Y,
THE DRUG STORE.
Laundry work of all kinds done in first class style.

###PAGE###2###





,

I SEINE THEM QUESTIONS.
CAUGHT IN AN EXPLOSION
like streets I wan soon far beyond iho possibility of recapture, end. Urnnking my lucky stars for this merciful escape, 1 sought a don in the Kast-cnd of London, where l knew I should be safe from the mild attentions of the police.
That evening I purchased a newspaper in order to find out whether it contained any reference to the incl-
Strangely
competitions advertised in various journals, and these arc all very well in their way, but the present , competition is absolutely unique. It is destined to advertise the merits of Our Patent. Mouse-Trap.
And we are willing to make an outlay of £10,000 ia order to bring the Invention before the public prizes will be paid out of tills sum and vary in amount from £1,000 to £10.
Hides.—Estimate the number mice caught in the basement of our offices by April 1st, 1888. Send in guess, together with P. O. for As (to cover office expenses), to the Empire Mouse-Trap Company, 22x, Sallron Hill, K O.
The person guessing the exact or nearest number of mice caught will receive the first prize, and the other prizes will bo distributed in order of merit.
N 13 —This is genuine.
As I had anticipated, the advertisement was brilliantly successful. Evidently, the closing remark as to the genuineness of the announcement, and the easy nature of the guessing competition. had not failed to Impress
the readers of the forty country	. ,
I1HE1I	v......
«nt ittmmdîntnlv nnt a «inn to admirable flight saved us the trouble | bo worked by machinery. It hit me The king of beasts at once smells the 1 , !	y P	P of resorting to the use of the perni- on the head and all over. 1 went food, and makes for the box. The
Poliirlitod* as I was with the nre- cious drug. 1 suppose by this time sailing into the air a long, long problem is : Will ho break the box to
""couhl* no t^supnress a	of «he "tec" ' who^olhi re^l ^ou^ posta I j blew In ^ myla^^V knew when i Hd	*****
™	vl 1 fflnncod at the	orders was no other than your hum	struck the ground, for 1 remember	if he Q[>ons the lid he gets a good
numerous "guesses" which thundered h,e servant, made up for the occn-Un ing to myself, 'Well. 1’ui done mark, and has passed the first quoin
0	T mv	In shLls One I iaion with wig. whiskers, and other for.*	.	, tlon in his exam. If he smashes it
(	,	, nhvioiislv formed disguises, which evidently served 'T don't know just when 1 lost he Is sent back in disgrace
k infiiin. nninion ni 11,o "Fmnlrc their purpose well seeing that	you	my right, sensns or when	they	came	lions which were tried	thus opened
m ^ 1 %%% t^ A nia	failed to spot me under them................As	lack, but when they did	come	hack	tho „(1. hul n ravenous	lioness
nm/m nnJ th.lr xv.v into tho trnos the "copper." he was an asso-	it seemed queer that 1	was	there	gnly crushed the whole	«ITair
1	v hn 1st Of Anril- whilst1 another riilt0 nf "line, whom 1 believe	you	still. 1 thought that 1	had	been	munched the meat quite	unconscious
n	nhvimieiv n nassimist hnvo ncvor mot before. His uniform, thrown somewhere else I could feel ,)f tiie disapproval of her examiners,
mm mmmk##:##;
vertiser and tho puzzle named In the jmhuod with the genuineness of the m> sympathy, and lulu v • 11	,,	* dogs by problems even hard or than
advertisement. ItTXvns simplicity it-	afrftjr Dut although I was thus	s:,fr‘ distance, your old pal. nn( >	’ f  this, • hoy send tho dog to retrieve
25 .s,:".,J jzsl’Sz % *»...	.... ... «.	»»«»	küTïî “rt. iz%. =
%... I.......	........ :„r,|22XTZXJrsss:	5*£Sss . ™f?.	»•.
wards fortune." T said, smiling, 'for Vortise tho mouse-trap competitions	certainly would. London i	To De Marked.	ending up by only retrieving one of
the population of the British Isles wondering how long the public would | nitf-	Â	I piL,htv-six vears have been allowed them. The clover dog begins by
being mostly fools, there will flow in aîIoW themselves to be gulp'd in t his	- A	L elapse before a monument has killing tho first bird. I hen he drops
n considerable number of postal or- cxvocd|ngly simple manner.	IF THIN, EAT SUPPERS. \ i)Ci}n urected to the honor of the il and goes and kill» the second one
dors to the organizer of this charm-	Qn the morning of the close of the	- French soldiers who fought at tho	And carries it to hi.s master. Finally
ing puzzle. I’m he need." I added,	competition I sat in the room which	A physician's Advice to Emaciat-	lintt|e ot Waterloo, says the London	he returns and fetches tlic first uird.
after a moment's deliberation "if I ] dignified bv the name of office, and	‘	ed pCOnle.	'limes Now however, M. Henri A dug which docs this has earned
Such being tho undisputed facts don't start one of those competitions counted my gains. They had rent Vd	Hou» ave tho'member of the French the highest possible number of marks
the question naturally arises * What myself."	(he handsome amount of £780, and. It was formerly thought that food, .	* ^ eminent historian, with in his examination,
does Germany intend to do in the "And 1*11 help you," cried my dftcr deducting some £100 for the taken at bedtime cmitod indigestion j t ^ Mmiroy and m. Gustavo ^he big African elephant which is
, ’Hi. no,.,, ,'Lh,vrr.,rs -Lt	i as a rzz,	r *g rs	..s
Geiman	Gazette has announced	that,	on thnf wjth n liftlo ]ucke	We ought	jng remained now but to change the	ate at the time chosen for repose, a	^ (j m nrU6Scla and that	from	having biscuits	thrown at nie	cage
after the recent signing of tho	final	to secure a good haul."	postal orders into cash and then de-	light, nourishing repast at night of-	1,,‘ulchenoll IK.ur t(l0 famous	farm	hy people who had a poor aim.	The
Pekin, the Berlin	Gov-	I made no answer, but,	taking	a	camp, leaving tho competitors to	ten conduces to sound sleep, 1>>	^ j Bello'Alliance, which was tho	biscuit, if badly	thrown, hit tho	bars
nlaccd at the disposal” of	pencil from my pocket, I chew up	a	got over their disappointment and	drawing the blood away from the	centrc of Napoleon's position	in the	of the cage and	fell down onto	the
most alluring advertisement, ealeu- loss am best thov could.	brain.	battle. This ground has been offered ground between the barrier and the
I a ted to charm the coins from	the	i had just risen to replace tho huge	Physicians ore now advising a bc< -	t|lQ nijijtury society "La	Sabre-	cn6e* where neither the thrower nor
mical instruments which hod been re-	poekcts of the most cynical readers,	quantity of paper money in my cut>-	time nival for weak, nervous and	lac^e .» has opened	a sub-	the elephant could roach it.
moved	from I'ckln by the German I laid great stress on the fact that	board when there came a loiid blow	emaciated people. 1 he long u>uis o	.p^|on for the erection of w menu-	l*1® xv)y ^¦,,l,hant was grieved to
—	EHHrEEE	SS1ygfKE	SETHvFH	EEH-E5#
lunreasonabty declined tho o,.ci in	X'ert i semen t I read it to Dick,	who	(hat my house of cards had tumbled	much less than during the waking	, ^ work. The principal	figure	L,s 80 they could have another
view of the inconvenience and diffi-	listened with admiring glance.	to tho ground. One of the men was	hours, there is a wasting awn y of	reijrogont« n dying eagle, with one	shy- Nowadays, when a biscuit falls
-1 *“» —11	2sxxssrtsrtsxz,r:„srr %jra-iraLS.sF9»“-rTaS
only surprised that wo never thought gurded mo with an expression which l he body feeds upon itself, for food	. wjlh bullets: one claw firm- f*HS ncts *'kc a Palr of hollows,
of this little game before."	told me	clearer than speech	that	tho	taken at dinner is digested at bed-	jp8 tho French flag, xvliilo with Cl*®at,n^	a	8trong	current	of	air
Wet" I echoed, accenting the word	game was up.	time. Often one is rest low And	.	'other the 4ylig eagle defends the	blows	the	biscuit os	fur	ns tho
on this inter-| in an unmiFtakablo manner.	"My	“If I am not mistaken." said the	wakeful at night because tho stom- .	#	which are inscribed tho	barrier, where it can be picked	up
dear fellow, it was I and I	alone,	plain-clothoe man, addressing me in	ach is empty.	words’	"Austerlitz" and "Eylan."	aKain Aeodlcss to sav, the clever
who hit upon the plant."	a loud official tono, "you are William	Says a well-known physician:	<VD|flos France wounded, but do-	c ephant is always rewarded	y
"But it was I who showed you the	Baxter, and you aro trading as tho	"Men is the only creature 1 know	|on(,-! y	herself, intrepid to tho last,	eventually
paper." he protested, feebly.	Empire	Mouse-Trap Co	"	of who does not deem it proper t<>	^he cag|0 measures two metres in
"Which I could have purchased at	"Well,	what of that?"	I made	an-	sleep on a good meal. 1 he munit	^^ ftn(1 t|10 g%(^ndcd wing three
any shop for one penny," I rejoined Rwer, in a steady voice, determined instinctively cries to bo fed at night, niotn.a’ twenty-five. The entire monte brazen	out the	affair	as long	as	I	showing that, food is necessary dur-	umcnt ^ith pedestal and bronze, is
could:	"do	you want	to	buy	n	gross	ing that time nfl won ns through the	. *metres high, and is very im-
day, and that left too long without <giv0 it wm stand out with fine it causes it discomfort^ which it	^fTect Ul thc beautiful fields surround-
makes known by crying.	. Mont st. Jean. It had boon hop-
If you craxo it. eat a light. en..i v ^ Lhat tho monument would bo undigested supper at bedtime, and the vol|cd thig ycal.f but aH this was im-lonff hours of sleep will work out .JOSsibie ^ w(fi bo eroctod on Juno for you a problem in add Hi on, in- ' t stead of subtraction, of adipose tis-
fE*fEJBJ9f5fB/5l9J9fBJ3r9JBISJSfE/2rSIBOc2f9
N îES AXD COMMENTS.

*
A Miner Describes How It Feels te Go Up in the Air.
i
( nj of the most ditw-iwfu! incl-
HOW SOME ANIMALS J VSWEH EXAMINATION PAP

«enta '.n the reo**t occupation of lVkin was tho robbery by the Ger-luau contingent of tho interesting and valuable astronomical instruments which were constructed many years ago by Jesuit fathers for an Emperor of the reigning dynasty. A ncmi-olhcial attempt to palliate this outrage has failed, and accredited spokesmen of the German people now demand that the perpetrators of It shall be exposed and punished and that duo reparation shall bo Vo tho Chinese Government, tho instruments, which are now in Germany, arc the product of a theft performed by violence there is longer any doubt about the middle of September the Cologne Gazette, in a telegram from Berlin which was understood to semi-official, asserted that the astronomical instruments brought to Germany as spoil taken from the Chinese, but had been acquired by purchase. Tho assertion was allowed to remain uncontradicted for some weeks, but it is now acknowledged to have been entirely without foundation. It is also admitted that, under the law of nations, tho instruments in question could not be treated as lawful spoil. This was the case even according to
law
lUUe
whlh
A miner who was Mown up blasting a rock doweribow his sensation thus
"You see, it's ho sudden. It's ovei just about the time you begin tv understand that something Is happening. You know, I hud « cartridge
The Brain Power Shown in Some Cases is Simply Marvellous.

The
"Dandy Dick," otherwise Richard Bulger, was tho smartest man 1 ever knew. Not merely in his attire, the elegance of which had earned for him his sobriquet of "Dandy," but in his philosophy of life, which led him to take the shortest iwssiblo route to the host possible haul. He was indeed a veritable Napoleon of crime, and there were certain of his devices which compelled the admiration even of his victims. It is tho history of one of those devices which 1 will endeavor to record in the linos that follow.
Some fifteen years ago Dick and 1 were In partnership, and in the course of our connection wo Imd contrived various successful schemes for relieving the British householder of his superfluous cash. At the period of which I write, however, wo were in rather low water, and for many days we pondered a means of increasing tho exchequer.
One day Dandy Dick strolled languidly into our den bearing n newspaper.
dent of the morning
enough, no mention whatever was 0f | made of tho a flair, and 1 attributed it to the fact that tho police officials were too humiliated by their ml venture to furnish details of the same to the press. Next morning’s journals wore equally innocent of the affair, and no "('lever escape of an alleged swindler" greeted my eyes ns 1 scanned tho printed columns.	?
A week passed. Then, one morning. a letter bearing a Continental post-mark was put Into my hnnds. Opening it hurriedly, and wondering who was my correspondent, Ï read the words that follow with amazement and disgust. It said:—
Dear Pal and Former Partner.—I write this note to thank you most sincerely for having helped me and rav chum to carry out the little
Friday
How much do animals Wiow ?" iH a question which has occurred to my ho ml and put it down I everybody at one time or another. Then 1 got afraid of It. Allât once j*|10 cleverness of a houHvhold dog or everything was light. 1 don’t think I CAt ufiv„ attracts a grout dual of i ho flash. Anyway my face | admiration, and Its owner assures
uvory visitor that the creature
____ ______r understands what is being «aid as
m K°t light. I xvoll as you or 1 Perhaps it does, than day—kind of blinding | and perhaps it doesn’t. '1 ho point is an	crash It
I was terri-
« 9
I saw
was not exactly plosion.
But then everything lb hier There was
just at the same time
towards tho ex-
made
That
How can wo test the amount of
rod and wanted to get away. It The only way to test an animal’s was Just ns If I had the nightmare knowledge In to set it an examina-Somehow, though. 1 knew just what uon paper. That Is Just 3hat a the mai 1er was. A man can think | number of French scientists are dof. star than he has any idea of u i„g now. knew that some of the others were L They have hired a large circus at n arcr the explosloh, and I said to Longchamps, near Paris, and made myse'f, 1 hey To blown into bits the centre of it into a cage. They th. t s cert In	can thus sit round and examine the
You understand this was all In it candidate In |»erfect safety, whether second—all at once, really. Then it bv j8 H crocodile or a grizzly bear. unir exactly the same us if I hud \ closed
no
It is true that
I
bo
had not been
¦	¦¦¦¦¦¦ box, containing r :z;
I thought *l I strongly scented meat, Is placed in than anv|th0 urvna. Then the doors are open-
end a lion Is allowed to enter.
801110
‘Till." ho said, addressing me quietly. "I've heard tell that every newspaper holds somewhere in its columns the secret which loads to fortune. Sometimes it’s in the body w£ the paper; sometimes in the advert isements. Now, I’ve studied this journal from one end to tho other, and I’m blest if I’ve discovered that
1
fwo
the principles of international which obtained among civilized pco-
see ret yet."
I picked up the paper which had fallen from his grasp and scanned it Idly. Then T pointed to an announcement which ran thus:—
un-
and
pies before new rules were formulated at The Hague Conference. Such an act as the seizure of astronomical instruments is expressly forbidden by tho new regulations propounded at The Hague and accepted by Germany. It is further to be noted, that, as the Berlin Government re-
1UG NOTEBOOKS
peatedly declared, Germany was not at war with China, but conducting warlike operations in China, consequently she had no right to remove property which was not material of war and to take it out of the possession of the Chinese State.
Count de Mauroy
I .arrow mot, hail bought a plot at the junction of
prototoI at eminent *‘L the Chinese Government the astrono-
conveying the instruments back China, nnd placing them in former position." The comments of
their
i I
GeiWUI newspapers change of correspondence are highly creditable to their sense of Justice.
that their Govcrn-
GETTINO 1IIS BISCUIT.
They point out mentis offer to restore tin* astronomical instruments implies a censure
A scientist recently conducted an interesting experiment with a pair of otters. They were placed in a tank which hod a wooden barrier half way across it, and in the barrier was a hole, too small for the otters to pass through, but large enough for a fish to pass. Whoa a fish was put into the tank the otters would make a dash at it, whereupon the fish fled through the hole.
The otters consulted each other how to get over tho difficulty. At last they hit on a plan. One of them climbed over tho barrier after the fish and the otl*er put its nose up against tho hole. The poor fish was soon caught, and it is pleasant to know that the otters honestly shared it between them.
Havens, which are passionately fond of stealing, have been examined us to their brain power, with astonishing results. One of them was found which would snatch a watch from a man’s vest pocket as quickly as an expert thief. Such a creature would bo a serious annoyance if it took up its abode somewhere in the neighborhood of the Strand.
quiet ly.
He rose nnd came towards me Look here." ho observed angrily: 10f traps?"
I expect you’re trying to take on] The constable grinned, and coughed
but the other
who abstracted them
upon those
Those who were guilty, however, of ail act of vandalism, almost unani-
and they arc in no wise exonerated "That is precisely ray idea."
by China’s unwillingness, or inability	ITc flared tip in a moment. An ug- I ucd. as he drew from his pocket ft
to replace the instruments in their ly look crooked his mouth, and he formidable looking warrant .	. *	brought, down his fist on tho table ts now my duty to arrest you, Wil-
>,mer positlon at her OWn exPcnso- with a blow which made the glasses|ljftm 1'axter, alias II ICS. alias
Davison, on the charge of attempting
"Then tho sooner you alter that I to defraud divers persons by means idea, the better for both of us. Come j of a swindling advertisement.
Let us share and share alike.”	"It’s an absurd mistake,’’ I replied
Certainly not." I replied coolly; trying to laugh: "you’ve got hold of "if the thing should succeed, which. | the wrong man this tinr
'We’ll see about that at the police-
« 4
Wc have plenty of traps waiting for such gentry ns you," he contin-
i s
and it
sue
SWEETLY INNOCENT
The ten-year-old daughter of a .	.	, .	portly lady seemed overjoyed when
rJhis is what a young lady is 10- jJ{,r mothor promised to take her to ported recently to have said apropos ft conccrt on tho following evening.
of marriage	•	nud, rushing oil to her little writing-
Wcll, no, 1 don t know if 1 would ^esk, produced a dainty diary and marry for money alone; but if a mnde a feW notes in it. man had plenty of money, allied to ,.j slloul(j dearly like to see what a sweet disposition. and a mustache the darIlng gir| hos confided to her that curled at both	»mi(1 ui< dj^ry M said tho mother to her hus-
blue eyes, and a social position; if bft|MJ ’ whcn tho child had gone to he had a distinguished status in a bcd ..What do you think?” profession, or even as a mvi chant, "Qh, read it by all means," ho an-and hi» father \\&a rich and his ,IM ” swered. MlVs sure to be something thcr nnd sisters aristocratic, and ho sxvoctly innocent." wished to marry me, and he would S() £ho po, Lly latIyi not without a promise to let mo have my own way fow qUAima 0f conscience, opened tho in every tiling, and keep mo liberally newly-blotted supplied with money, and have a Allows — splendidly furnished town house and a handaomo country residence
thereon shiver and shake
THE MAN SUE WANTED
Several German newspapers main-
inasmuch ns the instru-
tain that,
UK ids wore taken away without a
« f
i <
shadow of right, it is the duty of the Berlin Government at its own cost to repair them and put them back where they used to stand. It is further contended by the same
that, should the offer
after all, is only problematical, you shall have one-fourth of the proceeds, Istation/'
but not a penny more. Who finds. He then turned towards his com-keeps. I’ve found this idea—and I'm panion and told him to look after going to keep the larger part of tho j me, but I interposed, saying quietly: profits."	"Look hero. I am willing to come
• It s half or nothing." he cried, | with you like a lamb on one condl-bitterly; "no l irly quarter for tion. Tell me who has informed the me, not if T know it."	police of mv connection with this af-
shout- | fair."
ed hotly. "I ran work the spec.	HH
alone, nnd probably work it all the1 giving you tho information, ’ replied better."	the detective, in a surly tone: "but
"So you want to dissolve our part- as far as I’m aware it was a former nership?" he hissed, giving mo'a look pal of yours, known, I believe, as which was as fierce as a blow.	Bichard llulger."
"Just os you please."	The cur
"All right." his chair faced me steadily hook now, but you shall hear from mo by-nnd-by. So long!"
TTo flung himself from tho room, leaving me in n rather unpleasant frame of mind. T did not think it at all likely that Dick would endeavor to ruin my scheme by "peaching" to tho authorities at Scotland Yard, but all tho same it was quite within the range of possibility that, maddened by anger and resentment, he might forget his self-respect sufficiently to hold colloquy with the enemy."
However, to draw back and abandon the scheme simply berauss of the slight element of risk which it contained was a course repugnant alike to my inclinations and courage, and I therefor re resolved to proceed with the Grand Prize Competition as though nothing had happened to disturb the even tenor of the relations between Dandy Dick and myself.
One week later tho following advertisement was to be pursued in no fewer than forty papers throughout the length and breadth of the United Kingdom:—
COLOSSAL PRIZE COMPETITION.
newspapers thus amended be refused, the refusal
would be tantamount to making a present of the instruments to Germany. In that event, they say, that Germany from self-respect should insist upon paying for the instruments. The payment could bo made by deducting on amount corresponding to their full value from tho war indemnity due to Germany from the Chinese Government, it is certain that Germany cannot afford to leave this matter whore it Is. Either she should prevail upon the Chinese authorities to tako back tho stolen instruments, or else she should pay for them, in cither event the Berlin Government should expose and pun-i<!t the thieves who have disgraced the German name.
' I don't know as I'm justified in
HAD TO PAY
entry, which read as
A somewhat obnoxious Englishman recently went for his usual summer holidays, and chose as his resort a small village away among the mountains of Scotland. Not long after he or rived at
t h c r o
echoes in tho neighborhood, but ho determined that he would accept no reports that were circulated in
"Tuesday —Am going to the con..	.	... cert to-morrow with mother,
liberal about diamonds and other j could leave half of her at homo.
gonm, also about tho milliner, never * s0 uncomfortable to sit on the grumbling, and I really and truly 0(1 of a chalr night." loved him, I shouldn t consider marriage a drawback."
was
Wish
So ho had turned traitor after all, nnd had been false to all tho traditions which proclaim that there is honor amongst thieves. Well, I had been ft fool to quarrel with Dandy Dick and i t t • tho
I had d for a
the place ho was told were some remarkable
Ifo Jumped up from buttoned his coat, and
i'll sling my
REALLY GREAT SKILL
-+
"I tell you," exclaimed a young medical student, "our professor's a great surgeon."
"Row’s that ?" asked his chum.
"Well, a fellow was brought in with ii crushed leg. Tho professor
GAINS 13Y HER LOSSES
mere
regard to the matter.
Being exceedingly suspicious ns to the nature of those echoes, lie resolved to make careful investigations and, taking a native of tho place to *how him some of tho most celebrated spots, he sallied forth, determined to the scheme of trickery which ho believed was in existence.
Tho "Southron" behaved in such a dictatorial fashion to the worthy Scot, and spoko in such tones of command, that tho latter resolved to embrace tho first opportunity of taking tho stranger down. By-and-by a splendid chance presented itself, and tho guide conducted tho Englishman to a hill not very far from tho door of a wayside alehouse.
"Shout as loud as you can, Twa pots o' beer/ " said the Scot.
Though he had been very suspicious in regard to tho echoes, tho visitor was not suspicious enough at that moment, and he promptly did of he was told.
"I don’t hear any echo,* he marked, after pausing a moment
"Nor do I," said tho guide, the utmost coolness ; "tut here's the
consequences high still1 o and had lost tho game. After all, it was an everyday occurrence in my profession, and nothing remained hut to make tho best of it.
Tho detective very coolly seated himself at tho table and glanced through tho mass of postal orders
i o o n
with some other documents that littered tho office, he tied in a huge parcel and then gave tho order to ma rch.
A four-wheeled cab was waiting at tho door, and tho three of us entered it and were driven swiftly away. Already a desperate plan of escape was forming in my brain. Tho officers had left nto unhnndcuffed, and, in view of this good fortune, I contemplated making a dash for liberty when a convenient moment arrived.
It arrived pectid
thunder down tho street as we drove along, my companions thrust their heads out of the window to gaze at it. Like a flash I slid open the door, darted from the cab, and was twenty yards away before the two occupantr of it bed time to realize what had occurred.
Gliding through a network of slum-
Spain has actually benefited by being relieved by America of posses-tlmt had been long draining both her life-blood . i her purro.
One curious and wholly unexpected ; said it must come off. So ho hacked result is that since she lost her col- away and cut off tho wrong leg."
Oi » Spain has I m to develop her mercantile marine in quite a remarkable manner, tno capital which formerly found an outlet in tho colonies now seeking employment in shipping.
sio ns
Do you call that great surgery?" Wait a bit. Tho professor said it would bo terrible for tho i>oor fellow to go about with no legs at nil, so ho splintered up the crushed leg instead of cutting off that too, and now it is as good as over. An ordinary surgeon would haio left tho fellow legless. Wonderful skill,	tho
professor's."
I t
III
These, together
AGED BIRDS
i i
->
It used to bo believed that ravens lived longer than any other species of birds, and it was said that their ago frequently exceeded a century. Recent studies of the subject indicate that no authentic instance of a raven surpassing seventy years of ngc is on record. But parrots have been known to live 100 years.
Some days it takes a better bargain than others to get the people into the buying humor. On such days tho man with tho best bargain is likely to create tho greatest inter-
TIIE REAL CAUSE.
No man in business nay expect to remain in business unless he attends to business in a business-like way.
It is tho lack of bu.sir.css principles which has brought on more commercial failures than any other feature in business life. Whenever a case is apparent where n man was ruined by wasting money in advertising, a glance, behind the business management of that establishment will reveal thnt It was commercial short- mryi wit i the h i	t
sight odnens and not excessive public- '11,0 Englishman Jkad, *°	•
it y that brought on the ruin.	P0/*
est
Every day is a busy day if the man wants business sufficiently to guide him in the preparation of values and announcing them to those who will be most interested in his offerings.
sooner than I had cx-A fire-engine happening to
A USTRÀUAN BEER - DRINKING
From a return recently laid on the table of thv Australian Parliament it appenrs that the annual average consumption of beer in Western Australia is about twenty-nine gallons
This far exceeds the re-
re-
"Ycs, sir. I hold that when a man makes a little extra money, his first duty is to make his wife a present of a handsome dress."
"You are a philosopher, I sumo ?"
No ; I am a dry goods man."
with
Something for Everyone. Young and old, married nnd single—all can compete.
jflioic have been many gigantic
pro-
per head
cord of any other country in the World
4 4

f






###PAGE###3###


I
Another cough remedy is prepared #*##@e@@@####*#$@ o@e@e
I for thb home
given whenever tho patient cough». q-~---------------;---J bouso-the collur-before the shut-in
t»UchÎÎdmig 1 ' ft”dUUm “o 1 d^ashioiTixl 0	«Recipes for the Kitchen. J ventilation and lime to dry tho The Population of Several Agri-
horehound candy which druggists •	f	!>l Kl u,ts Q house. Leave the windows open	cultural Districts is Dehell iH not succeflHf.il, have tho drug- • lur ihc Mouse keeper.	• nights and closed days until the	creasing,
gist prepare the following mixture :	_	• wealher becomes cold enough for the
Tincture of squills, two ounces; cum-	L*r outside the house in the day- No one can read t/io report* of
phoruted tincture of opium, one-	HPONUINO CLOTH.	u,no lo bti a* cold a* the air inside, this year • Lril isli harvest without
fourth of mi ounce* tincture of tolu, „	Scrape the walls of the cellar and wondering if the agricultural indus-
ono-fourth of an * ounce wlno of lf w°o1 cl°th	nwt bccn apply fresh whitewash to them. See try of that country is drifting to-
ioccac one-half of an ounce* oil of *PonKfd before you buy it and it that Uni floor is swept clean, and wards total extinction. The British (nu. I then a four drone: oil of suswi- ean,,ot bo dono for you at the «tore thero ifl no piaCÜ where ruts can acreage under wheat this season was fras throe drops* aniseed oil. two the Allowing directions will be valu- penetrate Into the cellar. Usually about 1,800,000—a fail of 144,000 lirons Take the medicine homo and ab,°*	these disagreeable rodents begin at acres from last year, following a dd-
make about five pounds of Candy Tho articles used in sponging the bottom and work on the house clinc of nearly 156,000 acres in 1900 with sxrui) or sugar boiled over the Koods arc a largo sized table that from beneath the cellar wall. If the and of 101,000 acres in 1899 fiio and mix the liquid with it just w,n not be Impaired by water, and a cellar is not properly cemented, a tour of the agricultural districts of >h the saucepan is of,out to be taken «ponging sheet, which may be a perfect cement floor should be made England and Wales reveals the fact from the fire The candy may be cl<)th ,,no yard wide and one or two At once. In every community there that scores of farms arc absolutely doled out to the children judiciously yurd* hm^or than the material to be ig Bomc one who knows how to do abandoned, that lnmdmdi more are
when they cough and they will be "PonKcd A "beet a little longer and the work thoroughly. No rat can in a scmi-dci'elict condition,_Ü >*
found to	twice tho width may bo used, al- penetrate this mass or enter the difficult to select a country where
though it requires more care when cellar if the walls arc pro|icrly ce- this deplorable state of affairs is the WÊÊ	B I rolling. Procure a board about B0 men fed up and tho tops of the walls most pronounced; it is universal.
When tho patient complains of inches long and six to eight Inches under the beams bricked in. Old Broadly speaking. Jwo facts have pains, o poultice should be applied wide. Similar boards are used in rat holes should he cemented up with brought about this widespread déserta the seat of tho trouble. Either	the stores, being placed	in the centre	|a mixture	of powdered	glass	stirred	t,on oI farms—the low price of promustard or linseed is excellent for	0f each roll of woolen	goods, and	| jn the cement.	A dry	cellar	means	ducc and the high price of labor,
the purpose	may be obtained for the asking. If a dry house. Take care of the win- Even if owners could be found for the
Often an intense	thirst accompanies	ft roller four or five	inches in diama-	| dows, and	every	spot where the	derelict farms of England,	the	furm-
tho cold	Nothing will allay the	ter can be secured and kept for this	water from	inciting	snow or ice can	drs would probably fail to	secure	la-
thirst more satisfactorily than bar-	purpose, a trifle more	satisfactory	leach into	the	cellar.	borers except at wages which cut
Icy water, for the beverage is liour-	results may bo achieved.	_ down profits to the vanishing point.
ishlng as well as cooling. To make Clip the selvages before sponging	MEDICINE CUPBOARD.	Hodge is deserting the soil at the
it put two ounces of the bent pearl light weight goods, but in heavy	rate of from 12,000 to 15.000 aunu-
hnrley into an enameled saucepan cloths and cloakings they are best	the nursery medicine cupboard, ft,jy The last census shows that the
and cover tho grain with water, torn off. Allow double width ma- rv,lich ouKflt to hc kept religiously popuiatjon Qf several agricultural Allow it to	boil	for n few minutes	terial to remain	folded with the	‘°ckcd, keep	witch	hazel for bumps	districts is actually decreasing,
and strain	off	the water, which	right side turned	in; single width	and, bruises,	wine of	ipecac for croupy
should be discarded. Return the material may also be folded, but n,Khle and a bottle of lime water
S? .m,u"	z1,. zs 22% ***	•««“•«p.	. « ««*«.!«¦»..................
As far as a single experiment goes, colds are far from pleasant com- °	*_._____ weight or thickness of tho material. "How nearly related ?"	ly dependent on the importer of
this claim is not borne out by	re-	panions. There is something about	at?q nnr qttpfptot?	tFor & medium weight about two	"Very nearly."	foodstuffs.	What that would mean
suits obtained in the model dairy at	tho affliction that disturbs the tern-	BJLUULJUtS WUi bU-tMLKiVJJi.	hours is advised. Hang the goods	"But, my dear sir," persisted	tho	shoul(1 this	country become involved
the Pan-American Exposition. Once p<.r of the most even-minded person	JT	_ _ uP<>n a line which Is perfectly taut, lawyer, "you must he more explicit." • w witu some European power
a week a day’s milk from each herd in the world.	New Methods Make Citizen bol- or hotter still, a wire that will not "Well, she may bo my mother-in- wcn bc imagined,
was churned, results carefully ana- Children are especially troublesome diers Equal to Pro!earnonals.	slacken, or the material will dry law."	“Then our army and navy, if the
lyzctl and made the basis of the fig- under such conditions, and are open Jn an interview in the London Mail wi!h tbc cd*M uncvcn*	,	"May be ? Then you are likely to prcscnt Btatc Gf affairs continues^as
lives. Results of one week’s test in to colds because of the violent exer- Qn the miljtary situation in France Anothcr mtjth()d frequently era- marry her daughter ?"	it is |ij;c|v to do—will have to do-
this manner show that while Hoi-	else which they take and their lack	M do uloch s thc ,essons of thc	ployed for sponging, especially in the "I’ve	already married	the	(laugh-	nend	on the failures of town life for
si oins stand lowest in that the great-	of judgment in cooling off. School	Transvaal war are that the methods	cas? of 1,ffht wc‘^,|t materials, is	ter."	their	recru its-mcn who make as
est amount of butter foL,*** lost	mom» are likely to bo overheated or	of warfur0 hitherto employed have	Perhaps more quickly accomplished.	"Oh, then, of course, the defendant	r	flghtcrs in real war oa they
from their milk, thc Jerseys stand	drafty. and in thc autumn, when	becomc obsolete and impossible ;	riacc a Iarffc-tiizvd ironing blanket	is your	mother-in-law ?"	have	done in the battle of life,
second, with Polled Jerseys at	thc	the weather is so uncertain, ranging 11,	t	professional soldiers no longer	very 6mooth,y uPon a tablc. It is	"I guess you’d	better hear	the	Moreover, thc freeing of so many lo-
heml of the list. A comparison	be-	from an almost frosty day to one of	's l)u>ir tormer guucriority over	jmPurativc that there should bo no	whole story,” said	the man named
tween the amount of butter made tropical temperature, it takes a great	civ|,i£ins	transformed into soldiers *	uncven P,uces or lumPfl» as these	Frazier.
mid the amount which it was ealeu- deal more judgment than youth can	lh t „	th contrary the intelligent	causo a k'loss on tho material when	He heaved a weary sigh and then
kited tho fat would make, gives lie expected to command to escape	dU ' possesses more initiative and	1,10 iron is Passed ovcr thcm* ^	went .on :-"You see, a year ago we
thought for study,	as well	os	tho cold.	îndcncndenT ^tion Tho	soldier's	tho	in a	slnK‘« »old right side	lived together,	my son Hill nnd I.
An ounce of prevention	is better	0”cXt training is almost	useless on	<loW11 ”P«>n the blanket and cover	Across the way	lived Ihc widow Fos-
tho than	a pound	of cure. Therefore ^h_ hattlcncld6 The Boers who arc	wllh ft wct RP°n8c cloth well wrung	ter	and her	daughter Mary. Well,
when	tho children ore not delicate Lmmlv nnnS3n'tfl hav« moved excel-	out: paRfl tho iron ovcr lhls several	sir,	I married	Mary because she was
they	should be	trained to take a, , / ^ soldier» Even in the British	t,mcs* ¦ teaming well. Remove the	good-looking.	My son Bill married
cold sponge bath	In thc morning and th colonial h oods and the	c,oth and Prcss tho material dry.	tho	widow because she had heaps of
accustomed to plenty of fresh air.	Ycomanrv were eciual to	the regu-	tihrink on,y a	sm&11 Portion at a	money. Now, perhaps you can tell
It has been said that the sheep	is	They should learn to sleep	with the	»	J	^	time, moving	the material on the	mo whether	thc old lady is ray
t double-purpose animal,	because	it	window partly open and to	keep the jugt ^ pievna wa9 a	revelation	Zoning blanket	until the full length	mother-in-law	or my daughter-in-
furnislics two profitable products— mouth closed when sleeping. Sore , th Doint of view of dcEnsive hafl been sponged and pressed.	law."
Ihc farm he stands second only to not be taken off for a heavier kind	pjevnafl	for ^e defence of which	Mince Meat —Take two pounds of	wild-eyed and his brain was reeling.
Uie plow. Wherever a flock of sheep and then put on again when a warm	soidi™	who arc onlv irood marks-	lean beef, wash and put into sufficient	* Perhaps, when you’ve settled that
Is kept weed growth is kept in check, day comes.	mcn will suffice. Even for the off en- boiling water to cover. Let cool in question you 11 undertake my «lit,
provided, of course, tho area is not	ONCE DONNED,	sivc warfare the experience of Eng- the water in which it was cooked. Frazier added.
-s: praît,*ï r ss.*=m ïsrr^c a smjsss. ^lEHriCEvs-
¥Æmm MürlsSü	™ s
begin with a distressing case of and smokeless powder have destroy- pounds of sugar, foui pounds oi ap- P . ¦ I, , pra7:prJBB||
!ld, Vni»inm<Ulm	in feeding Some old ladies recommend fakting happier by his presence, to renounce tastes as rich as plum pudding and
?.y ,5 , . ,1.1^1,¦ under artificial « it cure for cold. It will hardly where that shall be necessary and has the advantage of 1icing jicrfoctly Thn smaJl advertisement with thc wo .	° ,r t t	thn chirks servo for children, although older not to be embittered; to keep a few digestible. To make it cream one ^ruc rjng 0f honesty to it, is worth
eon it on -	, tu, - „r:* lin(i persons may fnd it satisfactory, friends, but these without capitula- tablespoonful oi butter with one cup nioro t0 a man than a full page
Jlavci \ n u nimrihio for Quinine is another old-faehioned cure, tion; above all, on the same given of dark brown sugar, then add one Written circus style which only 10 8°‘ ,	,Ln fn rrn mi But Three two-grain pills taken on ro- conditions, to keep friends with him- egg, beaten very light, half a cup of boasts and fails to give the reader
th-* woi o %	. . .	*	' * nee tiring is thc ndult dose.	self here is a task for all that a man milk, one cup of grated carrot, one ^c knowledge of an honest purpose
! tbo grit is h PP	<ri£/ard	its early stages a few drop» of has of fortitude and delicacy —Rob- tcaspoonful each of cinnamon, all- (iisj>ose of that which is honestly
there is i « < <	handle camphor on a lump of sugar some- ert lx>uis Stevenson.	spice and soda, half a nutmeg and worth CVery cent asked for it.
of the young i *	*	times help to cure a cold. When the	------------------+ --	half a teaspooniul of cloves, one cup infrequent changes arc such a false
hard food from <	mucous membrane of the nose is	1ITr,T, eavl1 °f bread crumbs and flour, half economy that they’re an extrava-
affected, the sniffing of eucalyptus or	HUNDRED rhhi 11 u . a cup of raisins and currants and gftnCe. Space is none too cheap any-
luvcndcr salts may afford relief.	It is •stated that unusual heat has 1 wo . tablespoonfuls of citron. Add v here. It's never so cheap as to
Thc bodies of dead animals are When the cold takes tho form of in- prevailed in thc Arctic regions this 1 ho fruit by degrees, after dredging jl;<njfy wasting it. And, keeping an converted into fertilizer by some	fluenza	the	treatment should begin	year.	An	enormous quantity of ice- w,th ,,our Stir very hard,	turn	old ad. standing is the veriest sort of
% farmer» but something depends up-	with a	hot	bath	lasting about five	bergs	have thereby been set free and j hi to the buttered pudding mould and	wafitC| for folks won’t read it, don’t
on circumstances as	to	the advie-	minutes. About an hour later, when	been driven to thc middle of the At-	steam three hours.	read it but once, and there’s no
ability of so doing.	If	an animal	the patient is in bed, wrapped in	Mantle. The reports of tho captains	Scotch Scones.—Into a bowl	silt	_	earthly reason why they should read
die of some contagious disease and blankets, a powder consisting of | 0f steamers which ply between Eu-	flour, 4 teaspoons baking pow- it oftener
Is buried the earthworms will bring	eight grains of powdered	niter, one	| rope and America state that ships	I dp* and 1 teaspoon	salt.	the
to the surface thc germ» of	the	dis-	grain of opium, and one grain of	have met with dozens of icebergs,	"P* ol	^c lingers	rub m	l table-
case This fact was demonstrated ipccac-uanha should be administered, some as high as over 100 feet.	r,‘°Pn, bUttei * 1L Ma^? a soft. ,lough
Be### Sfh™ m^ïïêÊMâÊË
over the body of a buried aninJal- sore throat, a borax or alum gargle good," replied the doctor. *'SuP" «fe* <n thfi oven for a few minutes in tratinK every stage in the metamor-The better plan is to consume the jfl ma(je Gf one tablespoonful of pose you begin with a medium-sized	.	' ,,	, con, nmv r>0 phosis of a dragon-fly, from thc
ject them to a bath of sulphuric acid poW(jcr©d borax and a tablespoonful whale every morning for breakfast " u .y	Serve verv hot Thcv nymph to the perfect insect, related
after death in order	to destroy the	of gIyC€ri„e dissolved in half a pint	. often the man who is disappointed	arc good 8plit and buttered and	cat-	that be took over 1,000 photographs
germs of disease.	of water. To make the alum gargle	over receiving but slight returns for	en wilh coffee for breakfast.	before getting his complete set. Conn
dissolve a tablespoonful of powdered hifl advertising, is really to be con- Apple Fluff-Wash eight Pippins or «tant watching was necessary aJum and a tablespoonful	of tincture	gratulatcd over getting Any returns	Royals	or nnv flue flavorctl	and sue-	^tcr	the	first	indication	of	<	range
Deep pasture» or lowlands	are	not	of myrrh in half a pint	of warm	at ^ as the advertising was so bad	Culcnt	fall apples.	Put	them in	the	dragon-fly might	emerge at	any
conducive to the health of sheep, as	water.	as to	not	justify the expectation of steamer, and let cook until	they	time Within the next throe day », he
they prefer upland pastures and a	A good mixture	for coughs consists I	returns.	nearly fall to pieces, then lift.	Stir	emergence being so rapid that three
lft$| WIBmmSWËÊ^ IPips
WIDESPREAD DESERTION.
DAMP SEASON
' of wool Im shown by tho fact that $ when One WOOl sheep turn; been tak-? on from tho ea»t to tho west $ fineness la not always retained, nl-j, though tho sheep will gradually boT' come larger and tho fleece» heavier.
PIGS AND TIIE1R DAMS.
*
FOR FARMERS
the
FARMING IN BRITaIV BECOMING EXTINCT.
Seasonable and Profitable hints for the Busy Fibers of the Soil.
FEED AND THE COW.
To whet extent docs feed affect tho individuality of a cow ? This Is a question that has yet to bo answered so far as conclusive experiments •re concerned. It is doubtless true that feed is constantly changing the characteristics of animals, but wo do not know how rapidly tho change takes place, nor do wo know Just the effect such food has. To a certain extent wo ore feeding in the dark. Tho Maryland experiment star tion has been feeding a herd of common cows for several years and noting the effect of proper feeding on individuality. No very material results could bo noticed tho first year from the extra feed and care the herd received, but through subsequent years there seen is to bo a steady improvement. Judging from I he record of those cows, it is a question if tho quality of a dairy row does not depend almost as much on the feeding as on the breeding. It is also a question if cows that have a more or less pronounced beef tendency, or, at least, would not be called good material from which to build up a dairy herd, cannot, with proper management, he developed into profitable dairy cows This is a view of the matter that # will not strike some of our investigators very favorably. It has against it the generally accepted truth that wo have now r.o many good dairy cows that it will hardly pay to spend time, feed and effort in on attempt to reverse a tendency already strongly developed in a direction opposite to that of milk product ion.
There is a great difference of op-
thut
inion In regard to the time young pigs should be allowed to romain wiih their damn. If wo only desire to raise they may t their darn until they are about ten weeks old, but If two litters arc to be ruined, It will bo necessary to them when six or eight weeks old. Wo may also bo guided largely by tho way thriving. If the does not agree with them it may he wise to wean them early, but if they are doing well It is better to
them	with WÊKÊÉÊÊÊM
eight or ten week a
one litter a year allowed to remain with

wean
A
tho young pigs are milk of the dam
lot
tho dam some
HELISIf THE MEDICINE
THE HOE ON THE FARM
Thc hoe Is one of the indispensable implements on tho farm. The cultivator and harrow clean the soil and greatly assist in preventing growth of weeds, but there are many spots where the horse cannot perform what is required, and hand la bor la necessary. The success of European farmers is due to their use of thc hoe on small farms, while the Canadian farmer grows a great weeds because he depends en-
Hoed crops
the
many
tircly upon the horse clean thc ground of weeds and save labor in many ways.
FOOT) PRODUCING
That English agriculture as a
For
SALTING THE COW.
Give a little salt each day, the depending upon what the HJHBBpjPPPUsunlly this varies from one to two tablespoonfuls. rl he salt increases the flow of saliva and consequently should be given with the feed, for then it will be instrumental in aiding digestion.
amount
w can use
£4
HOW TO CURB YOUR COLD
LOSS OP BUTTER FAT
depressing to the farmer; but authorities declare that in-
•It
"there is
than a fort-
iilcs
borers by abandoning or only partially cultivating the farms sends into thc .towns thousands of strong, healthy countrymen, who must displace thc weaker workers, and so inpauperism and add to the strength of thc dangerous classes."
pome
ihc comparison between thc amount id fat shown by analysis and calculated fat.
crease
HOW THEY GET MERCURY
WEED DESTROYERS
Quick Process of Getting it From
the Ore.
Here is a simple but very effective way thc Japanese have of obtaining quick-silver from cinnabar, the ore from which thc mercury of commerce is obtained.
The cinnabar is first of all powdered. This is done by means of an iron mortar, shaped very much like a boat, and with a circulai- knife. It is then washed to remove tho foreign matter and to obtain tho cinnabar in a finely powdered state-After being dried this is then mixed with an equal weight of half-burned charcoal, half coal ami half ashes, and the whole is put into an iron pot, which is carefully covered with a round iron cover.
This cover has In the centre of it a round opening, into which a curved tube of iron is fixed and cemented with a mixture of loam, salt and a little water. The other extremity ol the tube is led into another pot filled with cold water. Thc whole tube is wrapped in felt and kept cool by tho aid of cold water.
The whole is generally heated in a small, open charcoal furnace, quicksilver distilling into n pot ol water. This process is founded on the fact that the sulphur of the cinnabar, there being in it about 13.79 per cent, of sulphur, is retained by the ashes, and, perhaps, also by tho iron of thc inner surface of the pot, the mercury evaporating by the heat. This is then cooled off, when led by the curved tube into tho pot of cold water and deposited therein as quicksilver globules.
The old lady bor-and square, : but she
dis-
YOUNO CHICKS NEED CHUT
or
MAKE IT REASONABLE
tho
DEAD ANIMALS
HOW THE JAPS SMOKE
Thc Japanese smoko In a very Pe-'
The pipes have very ¦¦¦¦pith bamboo
and
culiar manner sroal 1	metal bowls,
stems and metal mouthpiece» only hold enough tobacco for three or four whiffs. They use a tobacco which is cut extremely fine, and looks more like a light blonde hair than anything else. It is of a very good quality, however. The Japs take a whiff of smoke and inhale it, letting it pass out through the nostrils. They rarely smoke more than one pipeful at a time.
SCIENTIFIC LABOR
Thc labor cost of scientific research is not easy to realize. A British entomologist who had shown a scries of about thirty pictures illus-
mil
as
FOOD AFFECTS THE WOOL
There are 60,946 police in the United Kingdom, und of these 15,655 arc metropolitan, and 1,00'J City police.
Mrs. Younglin (going out)—John,
you con hear th<
on



###PAGE###4###



THE EQUITY.
T"!	BETTER PREPARED
SASH and DOOR
MASSEY-HARRIS
SMART & SMITH
SHAWVILLE, NOV. 21, 1901.
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE
ma
*4
The Montreal Chamber of Commerce has adopted a re>oluti ^declaring in favor of a preferential uiitT between Great Britain andCanad*, taking the ground that the Dominion should obtain some compensation from tho Imperial government f t the preference given by this country.
®7tv9
p1 A C X O R Y ! are better prepared than ever to meet your
requirements in
Horse
Furnishing's
(Formerly McCredie & fjodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
STAPLE WINTER CLOTHING.
The Montreal Gazette speaks of lion Mr. Tarte as Our eotem. says he talks and talks and talks and keeps right on talking, and all the while has originated nothing and has done very little in the line of public improvements. Our cotem. forgets that Mr. Tarte did not promise to do very much more than spend the public money, in which regard he is u keeping the faith," to an alarming degree, judging from the financial statements that from time to time appear in the Official Gazette.
We have on hand a large stock of
tho talking minister
4 %
READY-MADE SUITS and OVERCOATS
0
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP • TO • DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. ' ::	::
for Men and Boys.
Collars,
Harness, ~
Blankets,
Brushes,
Combs,
Bells.
Our suits have been giving splendid satisfaction as to fit and durability. We have some great bargains to show you now.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
W. D. Morris is uo longer Mayor of Ottawa. On Saturday evening the 9.h inst., on returning from a state dinner, he treated two or three of his friends at the Russell House. As the time was after hours, the Mayor's hospitality thus extended, constituted a breach of the license law, and involved his disqualification as Mayor of the city. The police department between whom and his worship relations have been somewhat strained for sometime past seem to have been laying for the latter, and promptly took action against him. The Mayor pleaded guilty to charge, and has resign ed his scat.
Had actions of this nature been of common occurrence, Mr. Morris' case would not have had attached to it the degree of conspicuousness which it* has evoked; but the fact is notorious that actions without number could have been instituted against all classes of citizens, if the , __ the police had shown vigilance similar to tiBV6 COIÏ1121611C6CI OpGFB-
ÎSS^yrS'	“»¦» the season and
the law was not so much in the minds of the guardians of the peace as the overthrow of the man who has been aiming to make them do their duty.
In FUR GOODS, WOOL BLANKETS,
etc., we can please you.
ROBERT C. H0DCINS.I MACFARLANE BROS.
WOOLLEN CLARENDON ROLLER IV|ILLS. SMART & SMITH.
% NEWLY RE-BUILT IVjlLL :-
Mill QiThe Best F,our and the Largest Returns
III I L L U ! for your wheat is Our Ambition.
P. S.—See our Cutters and Robes.
We desire to have you and our Flour meet. There is a basis for a firm friendship between us after you
and the Flour have argued it over. ; ;
OHAWVILLE’S
^ NEW
We Satisfy.
will be found thoroughly
O
equipped to do a satisfactory trade with the farmers of the surrounding country.
Custom work will receive | Highest Price paid for Hard Hilling Wheat.
careful and prompt attention, and the public may rely on getting the best satisfaction.
SASH and DOOR
We have a Large Stock of Everything in our Line.
C
Expenditure Keeps Ahead
FACTORY.
PEOPLE WHO BUY TIMER GOODS AT OVR STORE GO AWAY SATISFIED THAT THEY PROCURE
BEST VALUE FOB THEIR MONEY
IN ALL LINES OF
The financial statement of the Dominion for the four months ending October, which appeared in last Saturday's Canada Gazette, shows that the revenue is increasing, but not so fist as the expenditure.
JAMES WILSON.
In connection with my former business I have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of nil kinds of
While the revenue increased by 81,177,
O00 over the same time last year, the increase of expenditure (current account alone) was $312,000 great it than the increase of revenue.
The revenue during the four months
was 818,506,490 an increase of 81,177,137
over the same time last year.
The expenditure was $11,735,373, crease of $1,487,139.
There was a’so an increase in the capital expenditure of $713,269.
For the month of October there was a
decrease m the cspitsl expenditure oil Purebred -Yorkshire Hog. Service $586,000 and an increase in the ordinary fee-$I.0U.
expenditure of $256,000. The increase	JAS. ARMSTRONG,
m the revenue for the month was $385,	Green Lake.
1901
1901
ANDREW HODCINS,
OR
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Sash,
ORE MOST URNITURE.
---O
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
HAVE A LOOK AT THE CHOICE SELECTION OF
an is
SEASONABLE GOODS
We are meeting your demand for cheap, dium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.
FOR SERVICE
me-
WK ARE NOW SHOWING BFVOflE LAYING IN YOUR : FALL SUPPLIES.
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first class work.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future increase in business.
-o
000
Silas Young,
• #
# e
# e
Large English Berkshire, pure bred. Won first prize at Shaw ville this year. Service fee—one dollar.
• •
We have also a first-class assortment of
The War Statistics
ALEX. BEAN,
Portage Hoad
As time progresse?, the South Afiican facts gradually supply definits information
regarding the original war strength of the I Improved Chester White Hog. Took
Boers, which used to be put at “ 30,000 first prizes this year at Shawviile and i ¦	a ss a ¦ ¦
or so " by people not partial to the Brit- Bvnchburg exhibitions. Service fee-one J . UKAhAM iah ride cf the case.	I dollar.	H. 1. MeDOM ELL,
War Sjcretary Brodrick, in a tp>ech	1 larcndon.
in London list evening, stated that the British now had 42,000 Boers incuitody.
He estimated tnat 11,000 had been killed
JOHN e. ELLIOTT
TERMS REASONABLE.
CHARGES MODERATE. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
PERSONAL ATTENTION.
Starke’s
Corners.
o—
- SHAWVILLE.
Here it is !
The Place 15
PROPRIETOR.
THE MARKETS.
FRESH and CURED
published every Sunday in this paper and
farms, or join d the British as some have | done . of those who have fled from the country, cr surrendered to the Portuguese or have die! of disease. Sc that under
present light, 75,C00 would appear to be | valuable experiments at the farm a tolerably fair estimate of the number of
Boers who have been fighting.	I The Experimental Farm authorities
On the whole, there seems to have have isiued a report by Prof. Frank T been fair excuse for the o iginal belief of Shutt, chemist at the Farm, upon the the “ slim Boers that they could drive character and causes of soft pork. Soft-the British out of South Africa. For up ness in pork is a serious defect and so the to the timeef the Bier war nobody, even question is of great importance to the in Great Brit sin itself, was confident Canadian bacon industry. Prof. Shutt that Britain could put am big an army as summarizes the results of his experiments 75,000 into the field anywhere except in *¦ follows.
India. Ottawa Journal.	I 1. That of all the grain rations employed
that consisting of equal parts of oats, pease and barley gave the firmest pork.
It may further be added that the fat was deposited evenly and not too thickly, and ,
i.rs débats of Montreal OBJE<ts to that this ration gave a very thrifty Chickens, 50 to 65c. a pair.
PROPOSALS so SEND another CONTINGENT growth.	Oats, 44 to 48c. per bushel.
TO south AFRICA	I g That no difference could be observed	Hay, f5.59to $9.00 per ton.
. «-•»* o-, N-. h—l. d,. i	sr,1 ^ k
bit., . .lolantlT ..li-Bilti.il Sued., 3. Thlt „h„ b,„ lh, g„in	e'D 1------------- ---------------------
«¦ r, - 1	asLSfts..arswir ^ «•«•>* aoM EMaa*.»». ra &
fought for their liberty, and refuse to we may conclude that the former gives a also we noted the miserable growth of the i Thirteen fishermen from the Dutch boat Have excUuilT control of all	f*	|	power,
spill b.o >d to conquer those whom Eng- firmer pork.	animals, the ration to no sense being an hoarded the British craft and attacked
land wants to enslave. Let the volunteers That in both methods mentioned in economical one.	the crew of the latter shouting “Look
of the Witness send their^ friends to the the preceding paragraph, no marked dif-	_	| live the Boers." Several of the British,
war at their own cost. They are wonhy ference was to be observed from the ration	•"	ers were wounded.
to fight for Lord Kitchener f;r the fed dry or previously soaked, though Convicts engaged in building the new i It is alleged that before making the greatest g ory of Joe Chamberlain. We taking an average of the two groups on prison at Keavenworth, Kansas, over attack the Dutchman locked the captain have neither money nor men to fight etch ration thi “ dry ” gave a somewhat powered the guards and made their es- hn his cabin. The British smack sue-women and children, to plunder towns higher olein content.	caped. Three of the guards were shot, Ceeded in escaping and arrived at Ostend
and burn farms.	7. As when corn meal forme! hVf the one fatally, a convict was killed and 30 where the captain lodged a complaint
This is a sample of the mat er that is tint period ration, snd the whole if tie got away.	| wi h the British consul.
X
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 68 to 00c Oats per bushel, 35 to 40c. Pease per bushel, 65 to 70c. Buckwheat, 40c. per bush. Eggs, per dozen, 13 to lit. Butter, per pound, 15 to 16c. Wool, per pound, 14 to 16c. Pelts, each, 40 to 65c.
Hides, $1.00 to $5.50. Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each
OTTAWA
MEATS
of all kinds at
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
How To Avoid Soft Pork
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. 0. McGUIRE,
to

$
, •
y



Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
^pairing I aaïfaîf
Neatly done at lowest1 of!'"'“bb"s-
prices.
DALE BROS
Butter, print, 23c. per lb.
14 pails. 18 to 20c. per lb. Eggs, fresh, 23c. per aoz. Potatoes, 75 c. per bag.
Lamb, 8 to 10c. per lb. Mutton, 5 to8c. per lb.
Beef, 3$ to 51c. per lb;
Pork, $0.50 to $7.25 per 100.
V
•j
With	you can stub
your foot but you cannot stub the rubber.
Proorietor.
Stray Heifer.
Attacks The Witness
will outwear two pairs
Information wanted of a light red two-and a half years old heifer which strayed from my premises some time In August.
MRS. R. HODGINS,
'	10th R. Clarendon,
Charted» P. O.
StoSjW
is imitated by every rubber manufacturer, but your dealer knows the genuine from the
imitation. No imitation has our I t _	J
specially manufactured Rope Can- | J-lOSu Ol ul&jy GQ. vas, the only fabric which can be
with the
¦I
One 18 months old red and white spotted heifer. Information will be thankfully received by
JOS. DUFAULT, Jr.,
Bryson, Que.
Farm For Sale.
<
Also, southwest half of No. 10 on the Tk .	.	,	110th range of Bristol, the property of
i he basis of a new arrangement regard- Samuel Moffett, containing 100 acres, all
mg the Isthmian canal Las been settled | cleared, fairly well fenced and built upon
will then be destroyed.	Rutledge P. O, Que.



'A A
###PAGE###5###

THE EQUITY,
AUTUMN 1901
Court Shawville,
Nojne.
Meet» the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court duee muet be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren oor-disTly invited.
H. 8. Barnett.F.S
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
O'
A Weekly Journal denoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY
AT SHAWV1LLÆ, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
8UB8CRIPTI0N —f 1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages are paid, unless by special arrangement with tlie publisher.
I.O.E

9

County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Booms.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
Our Stock is now complete in every Department.
X. A. Cowan, R S.
O
John Beckett, C. R
ADVERTISING RATES :
Legal advertising, eight cents per line for first Insertion end four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one inch Ins' rted at $4.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and t hree cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or I The snot foi-for longer periods Inserted at low rates. I which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Inetrue lions accompanying them wilt be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub- |ir Your Turn next 1 Imbed free of charge. Obituary poetry th cents per line.
Hosiery and Underwear, WINTFR WANTS *
Knitted Wool Goods.	1 Ln """ 1 ° ¦
HAWVILLB HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN StylTlj, Proprietor.
s
)
Men’s Furnishings,
Dress Goods and Silks, Ribbons and Trimmings Cloakings and Mantle Cloths,
CEO. HYNES. IP™ted Flannels, Wrapperettes
* Crashes, Towellings
HJRNITURE DEALER AND Damasks end Napkins
Business Cards. I undertaker, Mercerized Linings, Linenettes.
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
Before placing your orders for winter supplies be sure and have a look over our new and complete stock of
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, oh A Clean Shave.
Cutters Robes Blankets Rugs,
Bells Whips, &c.

ree
?
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and chesp^yexeeiited. Orders by mall promptly
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.

f
)
p
*
)
MEDICAL.
1
In Boys’ and Men’s
Winter Clothing
and Footwear	ibest goods.
DR. STACKHOUSE,
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Surgeon Dentist,
SHAWVILLE - - QUE. 1W undertaking
I also keep a complete stock of * une ral Furnishing*, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
LOWEST PRICES.
F.M.Â. McNaughtoij, l.f\.,M.D.,C.M.
Every Facility given to Purchasers :
-BEST PRICES ! -BEST GOODS ! -BEST ATTENTION !
A. SMILEY.
The Best Assortment
The Largest StocK
Graduate of McGill University,*
Office—Residence of the late Dr. H. H Knox, Shawville.
Office hours—Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
District and Country.

D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
, G. B?noit, a prizs fighter who formerly I belonged to Ottawa, waa burned to death in tho Klondyke theatie at Hurley, Wii., last week.
F. T. M. C
Graduate of Trinity University. Toronto; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by
examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. I U ickland, Ont., Nov. 12.—Alphonse One* and residence ; J. H Armstrong*» Horde, Mondeau's house, barns and contents main STREET - • 81IATN v iLLK.	I about a mile and a half from here were
totally destroyed by fire hit evening, Lois about $3,000.
Cold Weather Requisites :
Ladies’ and Gent’s Furs, Robes, Mitts, Moccasins, &c.
New Season’s Dried Fruits :
Selected Valencia Raisins, New Washed Currants, Choice Prunes, Fresh Turkey Figs.
and
of Goods may be seen at
J. F. G-RONAUS
LEGAL.
The first graphite mill in Renfrew
BOÜEBEAD RAINVILLE, L. L, L, |SK,ïÆ.T
township, and is building 46x87 and four stories high.
A rough commutation of the expenses of the Duke's vieil to (hrads shows that there will be but little left of the Dominion Oovtrnment’s $30,000 approri-Room 20, Trust Building. No. 48 Sparks I at ion. Over $10.000 was spent in reSt., Ottawa, Ont.	j yjewi alone.
At Bhawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office-over O. F. Hodglns’ Store, Main 8t.
LADYSMITH,
who keeps all the staple lines of
Dry Goods, Clothing, Boots & Shoes, Groceries, Hardware, Crockery, Paints, Oils, Ac.
If you want the Best Goods at the Lowest Prices make your purchases at J. F. Gronau’s.
mmm^
All kinds of Farm Produce taken in exchange.
We are Agents for
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
O
G. F. HODGIN S
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, Ac.,
P. S.—1 4-foot Wood Furnace, almost new, for
Sad Dinner H.ur.—Cornwall, Nov. i ,	, ,
11.—A aid death occurred today, Mrs. | SBl6 at Ilcill priCG. Walter Critei, of Cornwall, Was found deal at noon today upon her husband's
CEO- C. WRIGHT. relurnl° dinner. Heart disease is sup
W6Wl W wwr*e%*re ¦ I p?ted to be the cause
The Township of Horton is going to vote on the abolishing of statute labor.
Public Notice.
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER, AC ,
It took the Duke from March 16th to
EHzBHH iMMèïïl
a Britisher feels himself quite a chap.— Island, suffering from smallpox.	at one o'clock, p. m., for the purpose of
Brockville II corder.	„	„	_ .	,,	. closing the season’s business.
Runaway Horses.—Judge Barrov, of	By Order.
A man In Hull who was accused of be- ! Stratford, Ont., has warned farmers that	W. W. IRELAND.
ing “an Orangeman” by Le Temps and j if they allow a dog to run loose, which
La Press has secured $100 and costs has a habit of running at passing horses
from each paper. A few years ago a and a runaway lakes plsce which results
Quebec man was awarded heavy dam- ip » fatality, the owners of the canine are
ages against a newspaper that called him liable to prosecution for manslaughter
At Shawville 3rd Thursday each month, “a Methodist.' Some queer things go M? the owner purposely turns a dog Public Notice is hereby given that the At request attends Courts in District of on record in judicial circles, even in the l°C8e to frighten people, and a death re- annual meeting of the shareholders and Pontiac. Prompt collections and home- 20th cer.tury.	suits, he is liable to a charge of murder, patrons of the Clarendon Cheese and
diate remittances. Special attention to	_	____ nutter Co. will be held in Stark's School
correspondents.	If the negotiations that have been go-	*	House on Saturday. November 30th, atone
ing on for some time past between the	Got Ton Years	o clock p.m. All shareholders and patrons
Toronto Street Railway Company and	--- art- requested to be nreseirt.
the Niagara Power Company are carried Toronto Nov. 11 -David Hawes, the	Pr^ide^C. C and B. Co
to a successful conclusion, then within a colored railway porter who was commit- stark's Corners. Nov. 15th. 1901. ye .randa half the Street Railway Com- on Saturday of criminal assault upon
tsas"»"» *•"“'™püî;Æïïiïï'r.z.Sÿ.	.„ppW b,tl.
Chief Justice Ferguson, in passing sent- Commiaisoner of Agriculture the export C inada may now crow as loud as she ence> observed, that hanging had once trade in pork, bacon and hsms from Can l kus, for at the I an-American her poul- been the penalty for such an offence and has grown from $645,360 worth in c A MACK AY R C L tiy took $1,100 in prizes with an exhibit the law was still cn the statute books. 1800 to $11.829,000 for the year ending
°f teîS0<£ïr*lV.wJ116 l,^e United State*, In view of the increasing prevalence of Juae 1801 N °1RKIr Va Nr k Tlo'aNN a NDRh a V?\G8H E	$1,900 birds, only received $100 in the offence it was a question whether it
CO., OF ONTARIO. 1	prizi a C anada can give her neighbors might not again be resorted to
----- » "-™"" • STUS-IJT SS
™	t"“.; ... «... *»»¦»• -<=• p-
urday of every week.
OF TEX PROVINCE OF QUEBEC
Trust Building—
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1324.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
'pHE WINCHESTER
Shawville, Nov. I6th. 1901
Secy
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L„
ADVOCATE, &<k.
LAW CHAMBERS }
Cheese Factory ffotice.
MAIN STREET HULL, • - QUE
Rifles and Guns.
W. W. IRELAND,
If you want one write us.
Clerk of the District Magistrates* Court
McDOUCALL & CUZNER,
QUE.
SHAWVILLE - -
HARDWARE MERCHANTS,
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
Smallpox Severe at St. Mary a
Lake.
citizens went to the scene of the confis- of the Dover pier, gration. They were too late to render London, Nov. 13.—The gale which has FOUR DEATHS HAVE takbn place A I anJ	Mrs. McLean was about been sweeping over Great Britain and
According to a report issued by the edu-1 Toronto, Nov. 14.—Hayman 1. Render, I number of new cases reported.	years of age and McGregor about 18. Ireland for the last two days still con-
cation department morenew publicschools °* York, was arrested this afternoon	---- The bodies of the victims were almost j tinues unabated at many coast points.
were established in Ontario this year than Detective Black, at the instance of The smallpox situated at St. Mary's total,Y consumed, only a few charred j Over the Welsh lowlands the torrential
SSaSS EESiHHS s EESSBlrH-Bl	j :p .p,1 k ;
of any kind taken and disposed of by publia vance 0f settlement is furnished by the Tebeaut, wholesale clothier of New York. Hull, who returned this .morning from Lean, was also burned to death.	j made up of three and fours, has an agile1PiaSie “nducntJd Yt “ahiwititoVce11 a application of Rat Portage and North The alleged fraud took place on January Gracefield, maid he was informed by Dr.	-»-- gate approaching 100. The crew of the
month. A variety of articles always on Bay for high schools. The Ssult is also 7lh lsit- Detective McConnell, who has Sr. Marie that there have been four w. i	u> T T ....	lightship was also landed this morning
“¦ "r	^	» "-ito —_________________i îsvs	1 % """ “ "* ï1
in recognition of his services and kind-	Ontario Loses It.	forty, he satd^hsdwccumbe^^he other ' fflke<i °f thegovernmunt theeaaiion of a London, Nov. 14.—The number who
ness on different occasions, have present-	---- victims were all elderly persons. The I , ?* eitwR of ^ernt «ry m the Lake St. have lost their lives by drowning during
ed Rev. Hugh Taylor of Lochwinnoch cleroues international tube works oo number of cassais increasing and the! ; ' - " that* citv* % d ,t v *“ Hearn	t! * " :l!n'a,iy aggregate over 160
^issrr%SL,,s«5 - - *"¦ hr- "—*** ^ —• maui;T .'M «... P-d„u
of the order, he said he was conversant The immense tube works, originally pro- health officer, for Wright county. There the s>nd,0âte about	acre3*	London, Nov. 13.-In view of the re-
with the good work done by the society jected for the Canadian 8 >o, will instead are at pre88nt three health officer# m the	-*-*	cent attitude of Count Goluchowaski the
in the past, of its hintory, and could with be located on this aidu of the river. The j countye The spread of the disease is	Great Storm.	Austrian-Hungarian foreign minister, in
sincerity cordially support their 'efforts corporation back of the project, which vjewed with increased alarm, now that	____ regard to the difference in the standing
to augment the practical work of Chris- ! w,‘* hen kown as the International Tube ^e winter and cold weather have set in.	of the heads of the republics and of mon-
tianity in which all were deeply in-1 company ia composed of F. H. Clergue,	____ ^_____ numerous wrecks on the British archies, the dictum of Kir.g Edward
,	. s ................Fatal Fire at Carle,on Place.	^
Kingston, Ont , Nov. 13,-Ata mee - hood of one miUioo dollars. Employ-	--- London, Nov. 12.-A tremendous of Hie Majesty's coronation shall be
mg ¦ f the Knighton and 1 em roke rail- ment will be afforded	to about 600 men. Carleton Place, Nov. 13 —The	mother	storm	with torrents of rain has swept the '	identical, has	special interest.1	The quee-
v <y company, today, Mr Henry» roj	A large proportion tf	this wil onsiit of 0f >[r. Alex. McLean, n farmer who lives	north	of	Britain	and Ireland. There	Don arose	during	the	discussion	of the
ger was elected president end Mr. G. W,	high-priced	akil el labor. Plans are about a mile from town, and hia hired	have been serious floods in Yorkshire,	decorations to be bestowed, and the mode
Spencer, vice-pr< -ndutit and manager,	preparing and are about completed for | maDf McGregor by name, were burned	In Ireland great damage has been done	of entertainments of the heads of states
Thebosrd of directors wil cunsutcd (-.>>,	the mammoth works. B. G. XVaddie,	|0 death in afire which destroyed bis	by floods.	Several	fatal accidents have 1 attending the coronation. The King reSpencer Montreil ; tienry t*. Timmer-	of Liverpool, England, is superintendent,	house early this morning. The other	occurred.	In come	parts of the country ; fused print blank to distinguish between
Toronto ; I n s. Tail, Montreal ;	He has been	on the ground for about ; members of the family had a narrow es	the rain has continued for 36 hours. The	the titles of president, king and emperor,
W. D. Ma'thews, Toronto ; w. K. liiker	two months.	Mr. Wad die has had an cipe/ They were obliged to flee in their	gale Is still raging unabated tonight along	arguing .that his object was to honoi the
Montres ; Adam R. Lreelman, h, u,,	extenaive experience in tho steel indna-	n ght appare’. The fire was not discover-	the coast.	Reports	continually arrive of ! elate not the man. No diatincticn will
Montreal ;W. L>. Hart, Henry holger	try and has been prominently connected	e,j by the inmates of the house until it	shipping casualiti s.	Fire vessels have be made, except, possibly, in the case of
and B. F. tolgtir, of tins fy.	with many English concerns.	had made such headway that the escape been wrecked in Kingston harbor, which osar relations of the royal family.
As anticipated some weeks ago, the K.	— - -^------- | of Mr, McLean's mother and of McQre- is strewn with wreckage.
and P. w.ll henceforward be controlled	The Duke of York	is now Prince of | gor was cut off. The building was	com-	The	ma	l boat	Nord, which started
by the Canadian Pacific Railway Com- Wales, having received	the title from His | pietely destroyed. The alarm was	given
Majesty the King on hie birthday
Arreeted in Toronto
J. J. TURNER,
HOTELS.
St. Lawrence Hall,
•9
as
Mrs C M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-class Livert Attached.
<

) terested
llll
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
i K
end
JEWELLER
¦
SKIPS
A SELECT STOCK OP
1 WATCHES,
I CLOCKS.
I JEWELLERY,
SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.
man
£Lr'
13

m
f


R IP AIK1 NO —
A Spscialitt
.	^	. The Glasgow exhibition lasted !• :>
from Dover to Caliaa at half past 11 last, day, and the surplus is expected tote night ran down the lightship of the works £‘80.000.


SHAWVILLE, 0.
fiW
in town about 1 a. m. and many
pany




###PAGE###6###



••Why dldnjt he ?” asked Meggltt, ‘It Booms r rascally trawh
]
1 ao^^0^MO^, doom 1
i
ward. Whftt do * you think we had
better do, sir ?"
"Give Li mining orders to sell if they touch slxty-ono ; the money will just do for that mortgage >ot were talking about.'*
"You still approve of the Investment, sir ?"
"Of course, and so docs Waldo ; don't you agree ?
"1 do, most certainly, sir, If you ask my opinion. I’very thing is in order. Claytons have seen the title-deeds, which perfectly satisfy them as to the security. The bank will receive 7 per cent., and, if wo were obliged to foreclose, the lands, when reclaimed, would fetch twice the amount of our loan
"I think It is very clever of you to have got us such a client. How did you eerie across the Marquis dv Ojo Verde ?"
"1 met him abroad, sir. Accident first made un acquainted, and we soon became great friends."
"He is extremely rich, in he not ? '
"He has a current account here with a deposit of never less than eight or ten thousand pounds."
"Kxcellent ; you are a treasure, Mcggitt. Hut there, 1 tun in a hurry; there is a great sale at Christie's tu-dav
"One moment, sir ; 1 should like to speak to you about Mr. Driffield, ore wf the clerks."
"Oh I don't bother me with much details. I leave all those matters in your hands." and so saying. Mr. Dandy seized his hat and ran off to the sale.
The day's business went on steadily and without intermission.
By-nnd-bÿ young Dri(field came in timidly, like a dog in disgrace, with his toil between his legs.
"Well." asked the cashier, abruptly. "what do you want ? I have been talking to Mr. Dandy about you. Hut you might have waited till I sent for you. You will hear your fate fast enough. What brings you here, I repeat ?"
"1 am doing discount clerk Just now, sir, instead of Jenkins, who is on bis holiday."
"Well, well, 1 know that ; and you have to enter all acceptances In the bill-book. 1 hope you are caretuI to do them exactly ?"
"I try to do my best, sir. That is why I have come to you now. There are these two hills for £7.000 and £5.000 accepted by Rothschilds. Ought they not to go back to be verified and checked ?"
Ry whom are they drawn ?"
By Flemings, of Manchester." Flemings, an excellent firm, although new to us. Why should they go back ?" asked the cashier, sharply. "Are they not perfectly correct and in due form ?"
"Not quite, sir. The endorsements are not dated."
"Let mo look at them," went on Mr. Mcggitt. still more sharply ; and ns he spoke lie looked so keenly at the young clerk that a shrewd observer might have detected some anxiety in the glance. Hut nt that moment Mr. Waldo walked straight into the parlor.
"You sir !" cried Mcggitt. "I never hoped to see you here to-day. 1 sincerely trust you are better, and that there* is nothing rash In your coming to the office."
"1 am much better, much better, thank you, Mr. Mcggitt ; in fact, almost myself," replied the working i artner
* llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
ticular reasons for coming to business. You know those German wharfingers
"Baumgartner and Gottlieb ? Certainly."
"Yes. Well. I am in a state of
doubt as to their--------But what arc
you doing here ?"
This was to Mr. Driffield, who, still holding the Rothschild bills in Ills hand, had stood there doubting whether to go or stay.
"1 was speaking to Mr. Mcggitt about two slightly irregular acceptance^ which I thought ought to be referred back."
"Whose are they ?"
"Drawn by Fleming of Manchester, and accepted by Rothschilds. They arc not—-—"
Mr. Waldo waved his hand, as though the mention of the great princes of finance was more than sufficient for him.
"Yes, yes. Driffield, that will do," went on Mcggitt. "Leave the bills with me. I shall probably slip over to New Court before the day is out, and I will see that the correction is made.**
The young clerk left the office, and Mr. Waldo remained alone with his
;• ? * ?X-î-î4 ? ?*> * * •! *
X

•>•>
<?*?*•:*
coolly.
action.M	,	. .. . ,t
‘‘iliiumgartners explained that U was all a stupid mistake of one of their clerk» ; they promised
'•top' should be at. and the goods handed over to Sraith-if ho would go no further.
"Did hi agree ?
"No ; it wus that ho came to consult mo about, and, in fact, which
has brought mo hero."
What HimII you advise, sir f 1 should certainly have no more
They must ho
«%
?
)
:
g

f
?
V
HIS
%
»
:
The Untimely End of
V
t
?>

the

*
<
•>
! ILL-GOTTEN WEALTH.
removed,

•>
unco
V
t

>
>

son
v
•%
X
Joseph Oovas,
n
# #
:
4*.
#
# I
«!•
V
5.
m
<•


t

•>
&
L
111
C ? <•	«Xe «> •> v %? •> <• Z •> * •> •> ? * < •!* «X* ?	•> < O •> *X* ? •> >
1
n
\
r
(SYNOPSIS OK PRECEDING the other's grievances, her loneliness. CHAPTERS.—Securities vanish horn her lived for some strong support the strong-room of Candeicnt, Dandy and sound advice in her business, and
Mr. Kiiskc of had at once tendered her the sound-
n
# 0
dealings with them slack unbusinesslike people at	*
but, as to our present engagements, I question much the wisdom of pressing matters to the bitter end. Suppose the worst enmo to the worst, that we ran them In, convicted them of fraud ? What would our position
be ?"
••We shall have lost six thousand pounds in the transaction. No. sir; if you ask my advice, 1 say watch and wait. Let mo see whether they intend to repay their loans, and, « there is the slightest suspicion, lay
hands on all we can."
"1 dure say you itre right. «nw
old Waldo, musing. His recent ill-
had robbed him of much of his
and be
and WahJr bankers
Scotland Yard is called in to solve cst advice.
the mystery. There are two keys "Madame should marry again to the strong-room—one held by Mr. Delphine said one morning, as she Waldo, partner, the other by Mr. returned from the Halles, where she bur tees chief cashier. This latter |lu(| been mar acting. "Mon Dieu, has two children, Bob and Jose- wprtt a chance I"
phine. Ho reproaches Dob, who is «•rp1|s toi," replied Fanchette. play-an extradant su bai tern with as- ?ull hanging her head and pretend* pirations to the hand of Helena j *t0 blush . q am far too old and Waldo, for having consumed his ms- cr^v.ha|rod.M
tor's dowry to pay his C^ling ,.-The tttltcr need not trouble you debts. Surtees is suspend of tn«	jn sueh A ghop 11S yours." cried
theft. A search-warrant I»_	Delphine, gaily ; "but madame. Is
out against linn, borne Iol^fyounger than she looks, 1 feel sure." bonds answering to desci ipuou or „H()W do vou know that ?" said
ssrr.	«wrir*
=“ sa. v ssr
wMmmmm
ma,d	trust them all.”
"Madame should take some middle-aged man, bien pose, with n thorough knowledge of alTairs—some one like my master, par exemple.
"M. Joliau is a bachelor, then ?" "Ho has never been married. His heart was in his business, an excel-all requirements— she lent busimv* too ; lie made it him-
shc self, and the fortune which leaves black eyebrows, and him so early entirely at his ease."
but she is "it is strange that he never in although t-
fully, and clinging to the main idea at |in her mind.
lie was too much occupied, as 1
• »
%
t »
]

query Column Editor—"Here's a subscriber who wants to know how fe cure Snake Editer—"Whit nils 'em?'’
hame
inhabitant"
TERRIBLE CATASTROPHES, igSSJS?
without a moment's warn-' ling, on the day In question, it exWHOLE DISTRICTS HAVE BEEN S'/^oO^V.oWÆ	t
WIPED OUT
• »
ness
old, practical common-sense
to vacillate und liesi-
was inclined
good deal on such occasions
land only twenty-five survived the catastrophe. The sound of the cx; Sumatra, a distance of seven hun! died miles away, and at Tern ate in —mW another direction more than seven
|V1 v ........ ¦ On the evening of September 27, i,un,irV(j miles off. The ashes emitted
the bank parlor about 1887, a stupid mandarin ordered the from the crater were carried
the Marquis do Ojo closing of seven huge outfall Hood- _	...............
He was in ills gates on would Mr. )lo-nng-ho
tutc a as these.
Then v
f’esks, and wont on for another
txhlch Mr. Waldo, who was still from strong, left the bunk. Hoskins
into
7 000,000 People Lose Their Lives plosion was distinctly
I eegeand *1,000,000,000 ------------------- -
of Property Destroyed.
the two settled down at the
with their work at the end of
# »
in China,
hour
far
_________________ . . I three
Hood- hundred miles in such quantities as the southern bank of the to	the air.
river, in central t hina. t j^ven more dreadful was the terrific That order caused the lives of 7,- scfsmtc upheaval which desolated UOO.OOO of people. The imprisoned java an(j th0 neighboring isles in waters, swollen by weeks of ruin, t,ho summer of 1883 ¦— their banks and swept over rtppaiiiug|y sudden in tlic country, covering an urea half Rumbling noises were first heard in, the size of Scotland. More than 1,- (jjiTerent parts of tho island during 500 populous towns and villages lht) night of August 125th, and by the i were utterly destroyed with nil their f0||0Xvjng afternoon no fewer than inhabitants, and tho stately city of thirty-eight out of its forty-six vol-. Chuhsien Chen narrowly escaped with Clinoeg wcro in full eruption. Tho tho loss of its suburbs. The pro- j08g 0f Rf0 was appalling. Kruxatoa party loss was estimated at ovei ll|onc M|cw ten thousand persons in
it,000,000.000.	ten minutes. Anjcr, with its Fcvt*i
,,	Less terrible so far as the actual thousand inhabitants, sank bodily
them any amount.	loss of life was concerned, though. ,nto thc sea an(| was
‘"I hey wish this to be tlu. la. t pei.|m„8> m0re dramatic, was the
transaction between you and them. (|estruction of Johnstown, Pcnusy)-eplied Mcggitt, looking still more
sullen.
mine
five p m., to sny Vc'do had called brougham nt the door Mcggitt go out and speak to him
The cn*hicr obeyed thc summons with less alacrity than so important « client of the bank might have expected.
CHAPTER XXI
On thc third -’av M. Jobard called. "Well." said Sir Richard, "what
This, too, was its onset.
success ?"
"Not much I fear at present
my
burst
'
lady . ameers has lately bought the business has dark e\e
"Well." asked tho Marquis, eagerly, "what do they say ? WU1 they advance tho hundred thou. ?"
"On certain conditions,"
Meggitt, sulkily.
“What conditions ? Arc not title deeds en regie ? Do they wish
information ? I will give
dead-white complexion
old, with a marked tendency to cm- ried," went on Funchctte
bonpolnt.
"It is not Fan diet to, then, 01 least not at all like her. Unless, indeed, she has purposely altered her to'd you. and ho had no near friends
But
answered
thc
for more
to put him in the right road now he is tired of it. i know, and he Fanchettc Dumoulin, would gladly change his condition, if The name is Foi- the right woman only came in his It is painted up way. She would be fortunate, ma-
9 9
•	; aran< c
"Under what name does she go?" * it is not
SEEN NO MORE
I
you may he sure, rat—veuve Foi rat
small under the name of her prede-j dome, 1 assure you, who secured so censor, Rcr.audin, who has recently ' excellent a man retired, and with his savings, bought i ' a villa and farm in Touraine.	lb 144^3
what do you say, monsieur? Shall we go together ami inspect the shop ?"
"With all mv heart. Let us start
vnnia, during the early morning uf Prior to tho year 180t), one of the May 31st, 1889. 1 ho huge dam of prettiest and most fertile valleys In tho South Fork reservoir—a lake Switzerland was that which lay bo-four square miles in extent and situ- tween tho Rigi and the Rossberg Your abominable culpable care- ^ hjgh up jn th0 mountains—gave mountains. To-day there is no such lessness has renrly ruined all. But	allowing several million cubic valley in existence, neither will you
for thc merest fluke, the chance that tol*g' of wat0i. to drop into tho val- find marked on even tho largest scale
1 was on the spot-----"	ley—flop. Resides Johnstown, South map any such peak as the Rossberg.,
"A chance 1 always calculated j/ork Cambria City, Morrelville, For during tho spring of the year upon, mon cher."	Sheridan, and many other flourishing above mentioned, the entire moun*
"Rut for the merest fluke." went U)Wns wcr0 blotted out of existence, tain slid bodily down Into tho valley, Mcggitt, little heeding the inter- sjx thousaU(f persons perished by burying in the twinkling of an eye ruption. "and on two separate oc- <lrowning# nmj about five hundred some twenty villages with all their casions, all thc fat would have been wcro cai.ric(j by the 1 aging waters on inhabitants, flocks and herds, and
to a mass of blitzing debris, which household effects. A few preliminary had been stopped by a stone rail- warnings there were, but not many, bridge at Johnstown, and were so that practically no one escaped.
Nor were any bodies recovered. Perhaps it was as well so, for assuredly no monument raised by mortal hands e« uld begin to compare in massive Even in prosaic matter-of-fact Eng- andeur with tho terrific cairn piled Innd, similar calamities have not up by Nature, from tho centre of been wholly unknown. One /Wild wbich rises to this very day, stern March morning in 18(51, for instance, an(j immobile, a gigantic granitio when all the countryside slept, , the monolith—the summit peak of the big reservoir in thc hills above Brad- ](oflHbcrg itself
field in Yorkshire, burst, nnd in less Perhaps no place on earth is more than a quarter of an hour twelve difficult of access than is the east square miles of country were imm- mnKt 0j Greenland. Not more tha* dated, between two anil three bun- a dozen landings have been effected clrnl people were drowned in their thereon during
beds, and property worth millions yCars The reason for this is ----------
wijicd off the face of the earth ^ jg fringed throughout practically child wipes figures off a slate.	^Uro length by an ungapped belt
Holmfirth, again, more tlinn	pacjt.|C0 from twenty to fifty miles
twenty years earlier, the Bilberry broad, ever in motion southward, reservoir—which supplied threescore ancj ^bich speedily crushes to pieces towns and villages with water—	craft once entangled within its
burst with like terrible results.
for tho liquid fortune that almost in- was comparatively open and free variably gushed up to meet them, a from ice. A nourishing colony had certain well did not "spout" freely sprung up. with many churches. a enough to please its impatient dis-.monastry, and a handsome palace for covcrcr. So that individual proceed- the bishop, who was alike the sp r t-cd to tickle up its interior by Aplod- ual and secular lican of the sottMh ing therein a hundredweight or so of ment. But during the wintti1 of that nitroglycerine. Ordinarily this was year an awful thing happened. Mil-not considered a specially dangerous lions on millions of tons of ice, proceeding. Hut this particular well which had been accumulating dui-would seem to have been in direct Ing countless ages in the far frozen communication with a vast sub tor- north, broke bounds, and camo carr a nr an lake of petroleum. Anyhow, coring southward along the coast In 1 ho resultant explosion upheaved a an endless river, cutting off all com-minfaturo ocean of blazing - oil, muniention with the open sea and which spread outwards over thc sur- with the world that lay beyond it. rounding country in a fiery flood. Many attempts were marie to reach Twenty villages went up in smoko in thc imprisoned colonists, but In vain, ns many minutes, hundreds of pco-	Years rolled on. I heir verynames
pic perished miserably, and millions	faded to memories. J he *°ratloii1 ol
of dollars worth of property was	the settlement was lost But e
——,	« uS •asssr *£» s
icecap which, with the
! There have been ninny very terrible from the interior to tho coast, are volcanic eruptions recorded since the the sea tempeinture, crawled down dawn of history, but never any bo churches and chapels, villages and intensely dramatic as that which, < towns, and about them and ,wl'hm on August 12th, 1815, destroyed tho them, stark and stiff, men, women, XT	island ci Sumbawa in the East In*’and children, preserved from decay
Norwegian	fishery commissioners	dies. I,; the* very centre of thc coral-	by the cold that destroyed them,
have	been	measuring	thc	sal-	fringed atoll rose tho mountain of	but n0no of whom shalf ever again
mon s	leap	by means	of	stan-	Tombe row, but it was cultivated al-	^ beheld by mortal eye
dards erected below waterfalls. They most to the summit, and although l have found the fish can leap to a p height of 20 feet
1
I
in-
\\hat's up ? I will know ; I
# I
sist.”
This was the first of several conisations of the same character. _ jlphine, quite by accident of course, constantly threw herself in Fan-cllotto’s way, and Fanchette was never tired of hearing what there was to bo said about tho old gout Ionian
• #
# #
at once."
"Bon jour, madame,” said Daunt, up-stairs with elaborate civility, as he entered The attentions of M. Joliau were the shop.	not less marked than the pleasure
"Bon jour, monsieur," replied the with which FanchofTo received them, lady at the counter, with equal po- It was quite a joke in the neigh-li tones*.	borhood and in the house. Common
Her hair was grey, no doubt, but'gossip declared that they were going
make a match <>f it. end moat were agreed that it was a
on
in thc fire."
(To Be Continued)
way
there cremated.
300 DROWNED IN DltlNKiNO
WATER.
there no old age in her rather to high-pitched not unpleasant voice, people and it was with much vivacity and very wise thing to do. Their names some pert ness that she addressed were constantly coupled together, Daunt, who did not seem in any hur- nnd if any foie or function were com-ry to commence tin* conversation.
"Eh bien, monsieur, in what con
A GARDEN OF MILK
The Milk Garden of Frankfort, Germany, reserved for the children of that aristocratic city, is in itself of the most democratic of places.
ing off they were both invited an a matter of course.
They were thus asked to honor I fear 1 with their presence a grand weeding I was | which took place from their house, M. one of those showy ceremonies in which the Parisian bourgeois delights ; when, for once at least in their lives, bride and groom, their relations, and all their guests, drive in carriages to the Dois de Boulogne, to alight at the Cascade, and perain-
nnd two, arm in arm,
one
Here rich people who wish to be relieved for a time of the presence of their children, send them, accompanied by their nurses poor people, who can neither afford to devote their own time to their children nor hire separate nurses for them, may bring their little ones, certain that from tho garden nurses they will receive all the care and attention necessary to safety, health, and amusement the rich people and public nurses of tho working people are subject to o supervision sufficient to protect the children of all classes from cruelty and neglect. Tho only food furnished in the garden is milk, whose freshness and purity arc assured, inasmuch as it is drunk warm from the mild-eyed cows which occupy stalls on one edge of the field
1 oblige you ?"
Ah. madame, pardon; have made some mistake seeking an esteemed old friend ltennudin. Is he no longer here ?"
"No, monsieur ; he is retired from affairs, and with a nice little fortune; bien entendu."
"Let us hope that madame will equally find fortune in this coquettish establishment. But it is unfor- i buhitc, two lunate that my friend away "
Here, also
I could not bear to stay Besides, to-day I had par-
tho past hundred
that
M
was os a
Private nurses of
At
has gone about the place.
After a couple of
hours' feasting.
During this conversation Sir Rich- the whole party rose to make a pro-
the woods.
chettc, of course, took M. Joliau’s M. Jolinu took Panelistte’a seemed on the point of speaking tenderly, when his companion gave a half-scream, and almost fainted in his arms.
"That man !" she cried
ard had been watching her closely ; and now he had no longer any doubt as to her identity.
A# he thus looked hard lie won- j hand, and dr red whether she suspected him in nnv way. But there was not thc slightest Lymptom of this, and he thought it prudent, therefore, to withdraw from the shop before her suspicious were aroused.
"That is thc woman, sure enough," he said.
"Monsieur wishes to know all about her, 1 suppose—to set a watch upon her, in fact ? '
"Exactly. How do you think it tan best be done ?"
I think monsieur had better take up residence in tho same house. There is an apartment to let Immediately dealing
above the shop. When once installed were referred to him at homo. 1 ut there monsieur will be able to keep there were many matparwif t ue his eye on the lady, and by-and-by, .every-day routine business en the strength of being a neighbor, would brook no delay, and which had
to be disposed of then and there. All such work feci upon the shoulders of
"An excellent idea ! I will carry]Mr. Percy Mcggitt, who, as cashier, it out. at once."	stood next to thc partners in tho ce-
' But cautiously, monsieur, cau- tablielimcnt tiously. You had better pr< ad to A considerable change had seek madame’s advice before taking over Mr. Mcggitt within the last few the rooms."	months. He had blossomed out and
Sir Richard readily assented, and expanded in harmony with his ¦¦¦¦•cun l to Fanchette's | proved fortunes. He indulged more
freely in his fondness for showy swagger, and aspired more and more to be thought a tip-top swell, a fashionable mon about town. They hated him move than ever at the bank. _
"Who's hero to-day ?" asked young Driffield one morning when he came in late. "Either of the guvnors ?"
"No ; only Lord Percy," that being the name by which Mcggitt now went in thc bank. "And he has asked twice already for you. You are | | to go in to him at once."!
"It's very surprising, Mr. Driffield" said Mcggitt, severely, when the of-
.TJSMS-A.SSL-iiR	™" "r *
•ol in the Rue de Bac. He had fur ^ Dandy arrived later in thc day.
gimaassss %, ^stsjruisr a
had provided him with a female ser- '	^
vant, called Delphine, a thoroughly 1 p Mcggitt," said the senior trustworthy awl confidential woman, tnM/ in his thcery little voice, who wan no other than the wife of r.how ,, bu8ineS8 going to-day V
M. Jobard.	__ "Nothing could be better- sir."
Acting under her masters fnetrue- „How abotlt thBt Chilian railway
lions ncWiI* lost w> thne in worm- etock o( wh|ch wc „old BO much ?"
licr.rH Into F anchei.ic s confi- •q'berc a derided movement A .su».	attentively to
grip
arm
Come,
let us go back ; he must not see me, not for worlds, with you," she gasped out.
• •
O'
THE SIMPLON TUNNEL
Should Italy and Switzerland fall out, what would happen to the Simplon tunnel ? The opening on either side will look like thc great doors of some mediaeval fortress they will be fortresses in all reality.
Suppose these two belligerents should fall out. They would rush like a whooping plague and invade each other ? Indeed they would not. in the little fortress at each end there will be a man and a button.
Tho man will press thc button and bring down thc mountain. When thc smoko lifts there will not be any tunnel any more. Some five or six thousand men will have worked night and day for five year# and a half at a cost of 70,000,000 francs—and des» 10,000 KILLED IN TEN MINOTH56
inaction ?
CHAPTER XX11.
Waldo’s was little changed since we were lust there. Mr. Waldo had been in failing health of late, and was sometimes compelled to absent himself for days together.
When this was tho ease papers with important questions
And
f
which
he may strike up a closer acquaintance."
cashier.
"Baumgartner and Gottlieb, were saying, Mr. Waldo ceded Mcggitt, after a pause.
"A very curious thing has occurred You know we have made them largo advances on dock warrants ?"
"Yes ; six or seven thousand pounds. Thc warrants are chiefly for spelter, pig-lead, and Swedish iron, lying at thc firm’s wharf—the Providence Wharf."
"Precisely ; the Providence Wharf. Well, my old friend Smithson, you know, tho colonial broker, hearing I way laid up, come to see mo this morning ; partly that, and partly, I think, to ask my advice. Ho also had some advances on dock warrants foi cochineal
"Yes," said Mcggitt, showing a keen interest.
"The warrants bore the stamp 'Providence Wharf.’ Never having heard of It lie sent a clerk down to Inquire about thc place and inspect the goods*—
"Quite so seemed more and more interested.
"Tho goods were there right enough ; there and in some neighboring w alehouses, ilcrchisons’, for which Baumgartners paid rent."
"Ah 1 Then why was Mr. Smithson dissatisfied or uneasy ?"
"The clerk, it seems, did not consider that he had done enough ; he went on to the dock company to verify the entry of the goods in their books. What d'ye think he found ? A stop’ on them in favor of another party/*
"Dear me, L.
you " pro-
come
irn-
prescntly
shop.
THE SALMON’S LEAP
"Madame,” lie said, as he re-entered "1 am desolated at being so importunate; but you were so obliging just now that I venture to request another great favor of so charming a person
Ah, monsieur/* said Fam tte, simpering, "no excuses, I beg."
"I had another object in calling this morning, but thc beaux yeux of madame completely drove it out of my head. My Mend, M. Renaudin told mo some time ago that there an apartment to let in this
Tho first balloon ascent took place
smoked Incessantly it had been . quiescent beyond thc memory of the jn jygg
f 9
Croup and Whooping Cough
9 §
%
Claim Thousands of Scores pf Young Lives Every Year
Lives That Could as Well be Saved.
house"
I 9
what then ?" Meggitt
It is a serious question with every mother as to how she con best combat croup, "!^opiB* holl* bronchitis and similar ailments, which are sure to attack the litUe ones at times least expected. The croupy cough comes with frightful foreboding as it arouses the mother from sleep.	Sho icai /cs u r
lessness of battling with a disease which often defies the most skilful physicians.	*,*+„" n,
ie known throughout this continent es the most eflective tree t ment lor threat end lung trou».w --------«•
has ever devised.
I expect him do," .said
so
Dr. Chase's Syrup of
Linseed and Turpentine
And
how awkward !
what did Smithson do ?"	¦
"You know it was almost a Man-
affair, and he did talk of umgartners up before the
sion He^e having If Lord IfAor/’


rent#.





* h 6 -	:•	rf
###PAGE###7###




ÎEÂÏ8 Oï' SUFFERING
SOLDIERS LOVE TOBACCO.
CANADIAN OYSTERS.
Sudden Jump Into Popularity of . the Dominion Bivalves.
TEE PLUMBERS OP
CANADA INVITED.
LUDELLA CEYLON TEA

Men Who Have Lighted Pipes During Bloody Battles.
IOW BELIEF CAME TO THOM AS FINDLAY, OF PETB.OLIA.
»erc, and before the railroad con-1Canada and the United ciol).—Tho ease of John S. Morgan Private Jones, who obtained the
nected with Pctiolca he drove aut at°8 . ^Nidtod in a failure. Dr. plumber ami tinsmith of this town, Victoria Cross at Horkus Drift, said _	„	. .
otage coach br1 aging tic early oil ,, >f)rol. ^rcn	with the should bo put prominently before ev- that In the very thick of tho light I f	u K.KV 1	Tf	ed i ansians.
men When the railroad came hero	,	a,,la! !ail .°*VNtor 0xP0l*t« Mr. Kemp,	cry union and non-union man in	several comrades lighted their pipes	h.-me. Farm. Uborn M>ry. WorkLhi p.r *n<î
Mr. Finding engaged in tho oil bust-	m tnkiL'8 temperature and other ob-	Canada. In a matter like this there	with blazing iragments of wood from	every d*i>artn • it oi human endenvor, win*. . To 4&UEA ceiii IV O** DAT,
manofitly. After recovering from 1 rin<0 1 -l,waia island.	John S. Morgan for eight years Hill one of the men was found dead Ü ha?k *n'1 )our *»»oney wi i be refund.d.
UiW Mr. Flndlny Wys appointed con-	l°-V8ter|' are supposed to thrive	Was hampered iu his work by back-	with the stump of a clgur between	I ,m Arî,ï* M. h'odU? b^k‘ltoî^ Tarent
«table and night watchman for tho	CHt 11 Co° waters, Dr. Moore ox-	ache. Stooping continually at work	his teeth. Amid thu uwiul carnage	Ontario.	”*
town, which oittce ho has hold during Pr(‘SHCH astonishment at tho high av- is tho cause ol a groat deal of back- of the Husso-Turkish War Turks hor-thirty years past. This accident r™*0 temperaturo of tho Canadian	acho, though not in the way most	rlbly mang'cd were frequently found	1	A
was b> no means Mr. Findlay's OVHto' 1 (-'18. his observations show-	people imagine. Mr. Morgan's letter	smoking in the midst of their agony	11*
worst misfortune. From early youth i1!® thnt 1,10 temperature ranged from explains tho truth of the matter and uttering no sound of complaint.
Jl hud been a martyr to dyspepsia, h0 to 09 (,oer(%os. Exports have ro-	when he says Dodd's Kidney Pills
which finally became so bad that ho portod that on the Pacific coast tho	cured his backache. It was realty	[war correspondent, hum told how bo-
looked forward to death as a merci- temperature is from seven to eight	Kidney acho that Dodd's Kidney	fore Metz in the Kranco-Prussian
ful release. Happening to hoar that ',vgrvo# ,myor and more favorable	Pills cured. It was really Kidney	War, a soldier terribly wounded.
Mr. Findlay had found complete re- 1p ft1; , ,B®e Edward Island.	acho that troubled Air. Morgan.	craved but one relief—a cigar—and I / UCVT ’AL PU8INI-F8 C'd.LKOE.	TO t- ions,
lief from Ills lifelong foe, a Topic	ro- ' an,M a 8 favorite oyster is tho	Hack acho	Is tho	commonest syinp-	he observed soldiers firing away at t ^ UN TO.	Tw« ve Temohere.	do#' e «up-
«r zz-zz	r. :	æ %	e	s	i wn m « « » m
glad to tell his story, noping	ltslpr!mo y * Vulves, comes from Prince	meats, and	Dodd's	Kidney Pills are	like this, asked one of tho men for a vv * D Miaw	Principal,
publication might help some other I lu,Wlird l*land. They are tho larg-	tno one infallible euro lor all Kidney	light and himself coolly lignted his
wifforor. "I am a pretty old man est of ( Radian oysters and the Car-	diseases. Rond what Mr. Morgan	own cigar and then led his men on.
now.” said Mr. Findlay, "but I can- A(luels «je smallest.	says about them himself.	A other war	conrespondent.	belong-	—
not remember the time when I was ,	,ni': MALPECQUES,	**I have been subject to fame back Ing to one of the great daily papers I7ABVHCR8 BUNS * ANTED To take »
sà3m*ÆttMK	s?	T'?;' =»T“s s	surrjî	-BESmSE
As a young man on tho farm I suf-	~ITh	l,p 10 c,f?ht or nmo inches long,	that T	was	crippled up entirely and	! gallop	Into	the	thick	of	the	frav	1 huh ewfui r»i en • wi I he off. ed perm»» m	A A|	i/CDT'C
fered all sorts of pains with it;food	ftro lUn,08t circular but most	couldn't do	a tap of work. Another	with	cigars	in	their mouths,	and	this	Û7d woung'mïï u7.?	VMUVELIi	I	O
would sour on my stomach and vlo-M <-ho larger ones arc obout	two- thing was a frequent dusiro	to	urin- in the face of	a solid muss of	French	lu,w<ag. VeUrh-Ir, (k>u,>e and go. d po U	HARROI	IO
lent vomiting spells would follow. in,ro8 as w*dc ns they are lung.	ate altogether unnatural.	troops and a	hail of bullets	Mon ; » r ie at ome for fu I pan cul*r«.	Ad-	wnnuvuivj
As I grow older my sufferings in- , Uy tho majority of Canadians the "About a year ago I commenced	dru^-Head <’Hire. Votwmary tia.enoe Ae«o-	HIMTMITMT
Creased. I could not eat anything |ïarffoat °ysterfl are tho most highly to use Dodds Kidney Pills 1 had	«fl	„ eta .on, L« ndou. Oat,__ Wllw I IVl C.PI I #
zrf's.k,-„v:,x trc,it*“Sozodont — »-r-1 r"-•I,in
enmo badly run down and	in ^O0(1 order. and are always taken	lag Dodd's Kidney Pills I gained 23	ln tho vc,ir ln 1-oljJon' W|1 h	A 0. Câlvert â Co., Manohestsr, Inrlim#
I grow 00 weak that I really looked in a sinbr,c mouthful. As smaller pounds. My buck got better and	* e‘ood Becond J but January is t 10
forward to death as a release from IoneH	Rre preferred In the United	better	ne I continued taking the	;nost unhfialthv in *'runce» ana March
States, tho dealers who have a Can- pills until to-day 1 am as free from	fn*	T^tK in Germany,
adian and an American trade are backaches as over I was In my life.
able, by assorting their stock before This arur eight years ol it means Not Dad for Good Teeth shipping, to obtain the highest price an awful lot to mi. I realize the
for both large and small Malpccques.	danger I was in and ki.ow what 1	M merniry will amly de troy the ¦»n«e	of
I ho Narrows aro beautiful oysters,	owe to Dodd’s Kidnoy Film.	*meli t«nd nmpietelyd -ranje the whoieiy	oieeoins so4Curiias»nd Kid Glares cleaned Tbue
quite as valuable as tho Malpocquos "I recommend Dodd s Kidney Pills Sczodont .	.	25e rw	when eit-rlog^t-hroyh rhem-ijri* ^urf»ce< , es» br Mût b, ^si. leos. theb«t „tsceis
ln many localities Botn Malpcc-	to anyone who has backache	or anv	Sozodont Tooth Powdtr 25c	j/KÇq	5Sf.c5r'k»T S reput .bleThvHioian.. ^	»ho BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO.
quos and Narrows liavo n particular-	other Kidnoy complaint."	,	Large I quid and Power 75c	d	imave thty wl	Ido	.te •	f Id tn th • good	rf>u|
Tho Canadian oyster fishing sea- punctuation marks:—	There is in the world one lady po- jtj,t ken Int-rnnl y.and raadeln rolrlo
son begins on September 16. This	Thomas Merrill’s property is for	liceman. Miss Helen	Wilder did not Ohio, by	F.	J.	Cheney	& Co.	Testimonial,
year a strong attempt was made by	sale. It consists of	u cottage con-	become n member of	the police force.	bv	Dmggi»t«.	price 75c per bottle,
the mayor of Quebec and others	to	taining	seven rooms and an acre of	of the city of Honolulu in order	to I HsU’. Family Pilln ure the best.
induce the Dominion Government	to	land.	gain a living. Her father is one	of |	. _
allow the season to open a few days Edward Jones has opened a shoe the great sugar kings of the Pacific earlier than usual so Hint Canadian	shop in Front Street. Mr.	Jones	and worth several millions	It was
oysters might appear upon tho bill	guarantees that anyone can have a	her love for children	and	animuln
of faro for tho Duke and Duchess of	fit in his store.	that prompted this	pretty young
York when they dined here on Supt.	The firm of Smith	and Thorndyke	girl (she is now only	twenty-four) to
16, tho date of their landing	in	i» once	more carrying	on business at	seek the appointment. She is	a
('annda. The Government declined	the old	stand. The	concern now	mounted officer, wears on her soft
to make the exception, however, and wants a man to sell on commission, felt hut tho silver star which Is the there is a movement afoot to have Mrs. Walter Darrell would like to badge of her calling, and carries a the opening of the season tWerrcd hear of a good nurse for her child revolver.
until Oct. 1.	about thirty years of age with good |_•	......	-,	——
The minimum limit of oysters al- references, lowed to be caught by the law is John Bangs who will sail for two inches in diameter of ihell for South Africa on Saturday would like round oysters and* three Inches of to find a purchaser for his valuable outer shell for long oysters. A bulldog. The animal is no trouble
change in this limit is no^ proposed, as it will eat anything and is very aa‘ }° taken home in a rig. I
fond of children.	could not KlceP for thc Pain> Rnd
was unable to put my foot to the
floor. A friend told me of your MINARD’S LINIMENT, and one hour from tho first application, I was able to walk, and tho pain entirely disappeared.
Is appreciated by people who want Flavor and Quality. It is always reliaol# because it is the product of the best Ceylon gardens and Canadian >kW,
, 26, SO, 40. 60, SOS
Cum-
in Lead Paokag
on active service
on no
New York now ea4.* 600.000 frog» yearly, os against a million devour
AGENTS WANTED.
Tn 1750 the rent of all Scottish landed property was £800.000. It is now ten and a half millions.
CENTS. WE HA VK NO FAKK HA LA il Y
___offer* to hi eke, hui we can put any hon.
e»i, Indu-t-lou-n.an or wuinnn in Hmwayof earning llOo betw en now and <*b laimee. Writ# ii* lo night. Me Derm id 4c l.o»«in. Dep t D London, Out.
Minard s Liniment Cam Colds, eto.
------->-------
Mr. Aichihald
Forties, tho great
France grows on on average 650 million gallons of wine, importa 200 millions, and exports f>0 million gal-
EDUCATIONAL.
Rice Is the easiest of oil food to digest, and roast veal most difficult.
common
VETERINARY COURSE.
the
w r c no?
W*
mmem
my misery. One after another I tried doctors and medicines, but could got no relief ; then in despair I concluded to quit all and await tho end. Meanwhile my condition boon mo worse. Violent cramps attacked my legs, prostrating mo for a time. They bocamo worse and more fre juent until they one day attacked toy stomach, and I thought my end hod Como. Unable to move and in agony I was driven home, as I thought to Uio, but after an injection of morphine 1 gradually recovered. From that time on tho cramps increased in frequency and violence.
Nothing gave me rollof except tho temporary immunity from pain afforded by morphine. 1 become so weak from pure starvation that death stared me in the face. Finally a friend said :
try Dr. Williams' Pink Pills ?’
'What's the use ?' 1 asked, 'I've tried everything and Just got worse all tho time/ 'Well/ she said, 'you try a box of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, they cured mo, and I believe they will do you good.' Well. I purchased a box and started inking them. After a little I thought they helped mo,
§o I kept on taking them for a couple >f months when I felt I was real' ly c ured after so many years of suffering. My strength came, back, my stomach recovered its power, and I
was able to eat anything I fancied, ADVICE TO MOTHERS.	A touching incident was noted at
and once more could enjoy life.	---- a railway station yesterday when
This is nearly two years ago, but I How to Keep the Baby Healthy aa aged couple bade each other was cured to stay cured.	1 have	and Happy—Avoid the So-cal- good-bye. Tho old lady kissed her
never hud a sick day since or known	led Soothing Medicines.	husband fervently several times on
the slightest stomach trouble. I am	tho cheek and he kissed her back,
confident I would be a dead man now Every mother Is naturally solid- Dr. Franklin White has returned If it were not for Dr. Williams’ Pink tous as to the health of her chil- from a trip to Switzerland. Speak-rills—nothing else ever helped me." dren, but not everyone treats their ing of the robust health of its pca-Tho old adage, "experience is tho little troubles in the right way. Tho snntry, the doctor says :	"The
be.<t teacher/’ might well bo applied so-called soothing remedies ure still strength of the Swiss woman Is rein cases of dyspepsia, and if suffer- used altogether too much, although markable. It is nothing unusual for ers would only bo guided by tho ex- physicians have preached against perivnee of those who have suffered them for many y oars. Tho fact that but are now well and happy through they put children to sleep is no sign the use of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, that they arc helpful, there would be less distress through- trary, soothing drugs arc dangerous out the land. Dr. Williams’ Pink and distinctly harmful. At tho Pills can bo had at all dealers in slightest sign of ill health or dis-medicine or by mail, post paid, at orders, give tho little ones Baby's 60 cents a box or six boxes for $2.60 Own Tablets. This medicine is pure-by addressing the Dr. Williams' ly vegetable, and is guaranteed to MuJicine Co., Brockville, Ont.	contain no opiate
soothing stuff.
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury
i:
FEATHER DYEING
MUNThifAL.
Dominion Line Steamships
Moeiie*! to Liverpool Uuetoo U> Liverpool. Fort,end to Liverpool VI* Quaena-
Large sud Fait Steamship*. Superior aecomroodalioe fer sir cl .*•*»• ol p* eenger* 8*Leoa end Stateroom! ire amidflhip* Special sueetioo has be m liven to J4 brood Saiooe end Third Clem# acoommodotloo. Ifefl mice of pM'age aud ail particulars, apply te auy ayeal Mtbe Company, or
Blotards, Mills A Co,
77 .StaleSt.. Bo#tom.
D. Torrance âCe.. Muatreal and Pirtiaad,
Tho furniture of the 23,000 firsts class houses In Britain is valued at £5,900 per house.
7M0RII0
Why don't you
CO.,
Award's Liniment Cures Diplillvria.
Tho Duko of Sutherland, with 1 i million acres, is the largest landowner In Great Britain Major XV. Littlefield, tho largest landowner in America, has a similar acreage.
7 Wellington St. Wost, Toronto, o
» Canada’s Largest Tailors
Will make clothes to order for every man in Canada at
LOWER PRICES than other firm, and DELIVER AT YOUR NEAREST EXPRESS STATION. Drop a card for their
0. C. RICHARDS & Co.
Dear Sirs,—A few days ago I was taken with a severe pain and contraction of the cords of my leg. and
SEEMS LIKE A DREAM
any

# * now entlfD'y free from Acthma after eight FASHION PAMPHLET, SAMPLES CF CLOTH,
M£Asufi^Nr forms.
Compound.
1 Iftheparonwhofniir r from A=thmaeculd IFaaa ? ?.	a a a J
You can use my name as freely as prly seethe thon-and* of left r* on hloat-ur	ïf* Jr ér	Uf,f* jÎP/|
thc bcst:2p£* =«MOullU
Mr*. J Wise. Monnfc Pleasant Vancouver,
B. Q„wrlio-i: "I have boon a moor, unf irlunate pilferer from lironcmal Awlhm& /or iho pa*t eight yearn, and I don't, think any pore n with tale disoaee c Mild have FUffeieci more during that time. Many tinn e f r we k* I
The swiftest bird known to the	ftUî
• a'iarmii r	naturalist is either the vulture, of a Vancour-r entleman who had b#*t-n
aOZODOH r To... NT 25o ““ " •£ is: ZTUt ESSSÏÏÊSHEÏS
AN UNEXPECTED CONVERT. I %	“ DOt
damp, cold and r< g/y weaiiiftr hare not h«d n elngle attork. It -toni-i like a dream to bo fro from thin wor t of all dlee-mee after *o many yaira of sufTe ing. 1 have since regained mr lo^t eirengtli nnd we ghtand don'i think E ever felt b«*Ue than now. I consider Cla k*'e Kola Compound a marvel ous rented •• . nd fntnl w il d urge » ny portion buffer.ng fr m ttoi 1 dinea-e to try II. '
Sold by *11 d uggiete. Mr. CHrke’e book on ?«thma mailed free. Addre* T e'». Sc M. Ca,
Limited, 151 Chur< h 8 ., Toronto, Canada,
A free munp o will bo *rnt to any person troubled with At hma. Knooee 6o in hiampe.
you like, ns I consider it remedy I have ever used.
CHRISTOPHER GERRY.
Ine ruments, Drums, Uniform». Eto.
Ingcrsoll, Ont.
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
I» wo<t prises ever quoted. Ki e catalogue fiTOillnstrvl'ni.m i|l"d free. Write as for an/ thing in Houle « r >lu*lr*l liiMi uni^nS».
her to wash and iron and milk several cows in a day."
TWO SWIFT FLYING BIRDS.
ïïiPLEI BOYCE & CO., Limited,
On the con-
Torunio, Ont, and Winnipeg, Man

ï The Important |
I Consideration !
When Father Mathew, tho great
Irish temperance leader, was at the I	and	m
or poisonous lc*«»ht of his successful labors, he Laxa ive Broma-Qumino Tablet* cure a cold For Indigestion entJeavored to convert Lord Brough- in one day. No cure. No Hay. Price 55cento.
sour stomach, colic, constipation,' aui to teetotal ism. Brougham ad-simple fevers, diarrhoea, the irrita- mittcd that he drank wine, but
lion accompanying	tho cutting of	P*caded that his use of stimulant I season, 1 lu	deaths out of 400 nn-
teeth,	there	can bo no better, no	was mo,at moderate.	nimlly then	occurring. Autumn is
safer remedy than this. Baby’s Own (>ne	at a dinner-party Father | the most healthful, 95 deaths only
Tablets	are a	sweet,	pleasant little	H&lhew amused the company by	pin- taking place	out of 400. In Hol-
tablet	which	any	child will take	nn& the green ribbon and silver	me- I *nnd autumn	is by far the most dead-
read ily, and dissolved in water, may dnl of tho Abstinence Society on Period, 126 deaths taking place1 bo given with absolute safety to tho Brougham's coat.	I<>ut of 400.
youngest infant. Mothers who have * II tell you what I'll do," said used these tablets cheerfully testify Brougham. "I'll take the ribbon to to the benefit their little ones have Itho House of Lords, where I shall
derived from them. Mrs. R. L. ,^Id Lord ----------------, and I'll pin it on
McFarlnne, Bristol, Que., says:—"hi Il*m."
my estimation Baby's Own Tablet*	announcement was received |pounds of iron and steel
have no equal as a medicine for lit-	shouts of laughter, for the no-
lle ones. In cases of children teeth- 1)10 *OI*d *n Question was famous for ing I would not bo without them ^ extent of his potations. Ilow-on any account, ns they keep my evor’ Brougham carried out his probaby healthy and happy." Druggists 1 mise, and meeting the gdntlcmau a sell them, but if you cannot find fcw evenings later said, ” have a them conveniently, send 25 cents di- j present for you from Father Maroc tly tQ us and wo will forward a Hiew," at tho same time swiftly box by mail prepaid. Tho Dr. Wil- dipping the badge and modal over liams Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
Every mother should have our valuable little book on tho care of infants and young children. Sent free for tho asking.
ACCOUNTED FOR.
An amusing story (that is to say, amusing to all but tho parties directly concerned) is told to account for the marked coolness between two •ociety belles.
One of them gave a garden party recently, and the other, who ¦¦
Invited and whom wo may call Miss A, was greatly chagrined to hear from her milliner that a new hat
ordered for the occasion could not possibly be ready in time.
Anxious to appease her customer's wrath, however, tho milliner offered to lend her something from her shop.
Tho offer was grudgingly accepted, and Miss A appeared at the garden party wearing a dainty confection of chiffon and flowers..
She was somewhat startled at the look of surprise and bewilderment with which tho hostess regarded her head-gear.
Oh, don’t look at my hat," said Miss A; the fact is, the milliner disappointed mo at tho last moment, and this is some wretched cheap thing she lent mo until my new hat f is ready."
Indeed," said the hostess, 1 freezing accents; "it seems to mo a
more stylish and lady-like hat than, oninnjiMT, .. Trrr„ A-
you have ever worn before. But as 8ft£UUÜNT for the TEETH 2vC
for the milliner, I'll never forgive her. She has behaved disgracefully and ought never to be patronized [ jeve| again !"
Between the coolness of her reception and the fervor with which the hostess denounced the milliner, Miss A was fairly nonplussed.
Then she sought counsel of a friend.
Spring is England’s most
ï

A
to fh* man or womnn with n dcpmP Hccount in tho security of the money dtpoHitod. It tho deposit ia with
• Canada's Premier Company
The comet known to us which travels in

was
the greatest orbit is Mailt is at times 3,200 millions ' lof miles from the earth, and its po* (riod is 77 years.
ley’s.
It* eafrlr Is beyond question. A necnndary < ooRiderar on i-the rate of .% interest the depo* tor receiver. This Is J also v*ry a tno ire. All information I cheerfully and promptly supplied. *£
Minard's liniment Cares Distemper
¦ho had
Seventy-four cwt. of coals and 420
are the allowance of each
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
i
I
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.
COCOA
THE CANADA PERMANENT and WESTERN CANADA MORTGAGE CORPORATION
average annual British citizen.
t
T
T
?
For Over Fitly Tears
M»». WmeLoWe Soothino 8r*vr hm beta md bi mfUtons ef mothers fbr their children while Seething ft soothes the child, teftana th* gums, si . ay* pain. cure* •led cello. r<4ti -v.es the stomach and bowels, sod Is th* Let remedy for Diarrhoea. Tweuty-flve cents a bottle |oJ.i hi druggists Ummgh—t the ask for " Miui. r
T
Toronto Street, TORONTO


BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
!
UL lie sure aad
¦vfenn »
• ê
his head.
Thank you," said the peer, quietly, "and now I'll tell you what it is, Brougham; I’ll keep sober from this night."
The best part of tho story is that he lived up to his word, greatly to the amazement of his friends and to the delight of Father Mathew."
4 t
« i
HOME WORK FOB EVERYBODY—DON’T BE IDLE
We went Men, Women end Children te Were for es et their own Homes, under the Direction of
>
THE PEOPLE'S KNITTING SYNDICATE,
The policeman hasn’t yet decided in 1 what his duty was In this case.
LIMITED
4 I
(Authorized Capital, $180,000) To Fill Large Contracts—Good Wages Eeally Earned
We want m few more worker» In thie locality, at once, and In order to secure your co operation without the delay of correspondence, we herewith explain our full |ian In tl»i* advertisement. The work is simple, and the Machine is easily operated, and with the Guide, requires no teacher. If you wish to Join our staff of Workers let us hear from you promptly with remittance, and we will send machine and outfit to n
1	HH L	pise In Canaria end sre the largest knittingemerm on tberonU’-.'-nt
After long erprrteare, we bass bees eblete produce ea Automatic Mar Mue by which ai) khtda af satmieas knitting la done by our Kimlly U whine, there I y rnebllt g anyere of ordinary lu tel ««nee to qubkly learn to do the wnrl from the Instraetfon OniUe. AD lb»S we reouiro is that you use ti.e machine au-oujing ta diycctluoa.
sstiris is.
Petroleum comes from other places besides Russia and the United States. Galicia yielded 1:40,000 tons last year, Roumania 300,000, Sumatra and adjacent islands 600,000 tons.
For every 1,000 foct above
scathe barometer drops almost exactly an inch.
help.
sssasS^F she J______________________
I emnk)fT4wi with et, whe mask In order to become smember, eend ui si le^it one goo.1 refetere. and remittance accordingly. te rire u« the accessary an •f valuable rata ws may aen4 from lime to time will not be wasted or m! (appropriated. Our Interreta are mutual, and this renifleur# nwet beeeWSmbe, guarantee fair dealing aad prompt pa/menl for work, u do not aek ue to deviate from our
m	»JSS^^5SiSSL fi 115. and poe4llr#V will not be mid to any others than these who will am to de knitting hr
There U a terre demand by t>e »w1e for this daa; of r »lt- Our workers taw depend upea II year after year. »nd If yon engage with ua
bine
'Jpiviti/u, t4	(ttU, •/»
4#	* &ui4s GlutUsAe/ds.
MttV	/o /is V-
¦ "A Wboa
i pay return rbarree. employ whe ran an be easily named.
I wen i y-Ore
kare
Whatever is the matter with her ?" she asked, having explained the circumstances
¦P should say,” was the friend's reply, "it is because you are wearing her hat, for I happen t • know that she bought that identical one at your milliner's yesterday, and left it behind to have some alterations made, and I don't think your remark* on it were calculated to Mss the tifii Mitgs V*
4 «
We
kaas yea m to our

i i
ssssw
*/ tirlt'.

dbmiiefled and wlebct to dliooatloue In onr employ we will lake beck the

c/e**.
THE PEOPLE’S KNITTING SYNDICATE, LIMITED,



	
###PAGE###8###
4 Vf***.%»
* ÜMrMfll








i
E. HODGINS A Sm ADVT.
oUR
STEWART’S
BOOT 4 SHOE STORE.
Our Bargains for
This Week.
LEADERS:
English Worsted Suits, all colors
Imported Serge Suits, black and blue ¦ - - ¦
20th Century Umbrellas at - -
$15.00
Ladies* Suits
$6.00.
Gents* Mocha Gloves
75 Cts.
Ladies* bl*k Gauntlets
75 Cts.
\
«
$12.50
A Treat for
Thrifty Buyers
$1.00

y'
A. H. McGUIRE.
s
News of the War.
Oil Tan Moccasins :

o
Some Attacks by the Boers
London, Nov, 10.—A despatch frcm — I Ljrd Kitchener, dated fr jm Pretoria, yyC, ¦, yesterday ssys that a strong
¦ Yeomanry, while reconnoitring (t>1 QC I at Brakiprutt, near Zeerust, in the Cp.ill	IJ Transvaal Colony, about 140 mile) west
of Pretoria, was surrounded by 300 Boers and lost 6 men killed and ll> wounded.
Some of the trooper, were cptured and j Fall and Winter Time Card | mm_
The rear guar/of Col. Bjng’. co’nniD T3tlB£ EffCCt^OCTOBER 7tl, 1901,
was attacked near Hell boro, Orange	1 —	^ j ¦ ¦	_	m
EFiEF^rEIN! Oil Tan Moccasins,
jsarsss gpsari?. daUy	$l.OO.
Hughes and one man were killed while C6pL OUndfLy.	______
three officers and nine men were wounded. | -,	0 m	.	. A1 1	. _	. .
Middleburg, Cape Colony, Friday, NO. 2 Traill EITlVeS at Ot-	D1 ^ M M ^ I	^ ^
sssj ‘^a4i°f‘rai^îfelegant hiannelettes,
ly of Dutchmen, with their arms and j Et 9«40 E DI., UElly 6X	^ j
horses, surrendered to Smut’s commando C6pt IS U D d EV.	| jffl
| Ojiober. 13. The DiiUict troops t red j For tickets epply Ticket Agent, Central Station, j
most of their ammunition at long range	p. w REBSEM AN.	-
and then refuted to fight further. Captain |	tien’l Bup't.
Poitiic Pacific JiDCti By J	E. HODGINS & SON
net's monthly reports dated Aug. 8 and |	-o-	¦ ¦ * ¦	%# I V
S.*pt. 8, were published in the Gazette this evening. They are summaries of wide sweeping movements throrgh the territories with the results, casualties 16 w and priioners captured, as previously reported. Au astonishing number of 16 26 horses were captured, those in August alone number 13,570, about 20 per cent, of these are fit for remounts, an! others 11.58 are brood mares and foals.
ottawa, Northern^Genuine Buck Mitts
$1.00
Men’s - -Men’s No. 1
patrol of No?. 13,
t
(Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
Men s Long Top - 2.50. Boys’ - ¦
Children’s
#
1.00.
75c-
Men’s Long-top
Hard BeefsKin MoCCBSmS :
Three Rivers Brand - -
¦
Official Time Table :
$2.25.
r.M,
5.45 Leave
Aylmer
tBreckenridge
?	’Eardley Parker’s Crossing
1* Mohrs Quyon Wymans ?Tank Bristol McKee’s Shawvllle Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay tTank t ‘Vinton Coulonge
*	Mellon's Waltham
Arrive 0.45
«•
• S
0.21
c\
6-12
4 <
9.06
8.18
8.1*8
Si
4 »
8.50
6.37
«I
8.40
Guns,
Rifles,
Ammunition,
ft. 17
44
4 «
8.22
#54
••
8.14
44
Overshoes :
41
6.08

7.04
«I
6 02
« i
7.24
7.52

7.45
7.S1
The Boer Raiders Being Driven ww
Away.
London, Nor. 14.—A correspondent. ^ A
EBjtBEB ass,
the Boers. The most formidable com-1et Aylmer-mandoes have been driven out of their favorite haunts in the Midlands. The work of clearing out the Boers is necessarily slow and harraasing, says the despatch, as at least two thirds of the inha bitante of the country districts are sympathizers with them.
BRITISH MOBILE COLUMN S GOOD WORK.
7.18
S 4
8.03
44
7.16
M2
«•
7.06
« •
4.30
H
The Celebrated
GRANBY Overshoes for Men, Women and Children.
Our ever increasing sale of these Overshoes is a sufficient guarantee that the Goods and Prices are Right.
6.54
U7
II
6.89
i •
Leave 6.30
P. W. RESSEMAS,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT

RAILWAY
AT
# #
I
ARMSTRONG BROS
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT,
OTTAWA A MONTREAL.
Bloemfontein, Nov. 17.—Boer prisoners ntinue to arrive here from the various British mobile columns, in O.ange River lony, at the rate of one hundred a week.
The military hospital is also almost empty and the doctors find little on their
hinds, as the troops in the field I ave be | On and after October 13th. HOI. and until come hardened by their rough life and farther notice, train services will be as
are all in their excellent health.	I	EASTERN DIVISION.
visited by enormous swarms of locusts, 1 A*	)y. Af nr*IWkland,D hSwks
but the British mi'itary authorities have	bnry, Vajleytield, Montreal. Quebec, 8t.-
made • free di.tribution of fungu. to the	i0rhr":e, Sont™? nM/"m.Vnop/-at A
farmers, which has proved deidly in	intermediate C. A. R. stations ; hat parlor
stamping out the peat. Lately on a farm	car otlawa 10 Montreal.
near Modder River three .warm, of | *¦»£^Ske'^burv'S! locusts were killed by this process.
There is a noticeable improvement in the condition of cattle, sheep and horses, owing to the excellent grazing which has
followed the rainy season, plowing and I 410 P. M. Dally except. Sunday, for New
York, Boston, all points In New Engin nd Valleylleld and stations sown of the St Lawrence river Has throngh sleeping car Ottawa to New York via Rutland R. It
Hi
¦J
• *
LADYSMITH.
P. S.—Hardware.
The country around the place has been
Sunday, for Rock-ontreal. Quebec and all points east, arrives montreal 7. 25 p. ra. Stops at all Intermediate C. A. R. stations. Connects at Coteau Jet. with Grand Trunk Ry, for all points west. Has parlor Ottawa to Montreal
Felt
Goods ;
Watch
Chains
car,
sowing are now possible everywhere.
The official Gazette contains a list of the names of Boers who have died in the
ment. The list comprises 230 names, snd of these iUO are children under the age of 14.
Our stock of Felt Goods is complete in all sizes for men, women and children, and the price is just as comfortable as the goods.
Middle and Western Divisions.
Arnprlor. Renfrew. Eganvllle, Ptrobrokr Madawaska, Purrs Sound and Intermediate
stations.	»
Trains leave Ottawa, Central depot, dallv except Sunday.
Reported Terms.
Call and see our large as-• sortment of Ladies’ and Gents’ Gold-filled Chains, guaranteed from 5 to 20 years.
London, Nov. 13.—The Daily Mal.	, v
gives today another alleged peace scheme sound and hoermediuto	Parry
which Mr. Kruger is said to be willing t0O P. M. Mixed for Madawaska and in-lo conclude. This would be on the ! termedlata stations.
basis of granting autonomy to the two	^21^ Msd‘
republics under a convention guaranteed	Trains arrive Ottawr, Dally except Run-
hy France and Rusm in exchange for a	a. m.. 45 p. m. aml 4.05 p. m.
of.,ion to Or eat Britian of the Rand d„- ' ,(a"roed end	ticket, to, .ale to
trict and the gold fields, which should be regirded aa the total Boer indemnity.

all polntr.
\
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot. Russell Douse Block
Another suggestion rs to the composition of third Canadian contingent for service in South Africa has reached the minister of militi?. The offer comei from s wetteru man to/ise a squidron of cavalry,
200 st-ong, to be sent to Capo Town fully equipped as to uniform and arms, but wi h »ut hordes, the plan being to have the men horsed tn S »u*h Africa by (he war oflic?. Military people, howewr, regard the contribution of horses almost j Dm^herty hie been an invalid for 20 equal in importance to the furnishing of y ana: d it has been her custom to stay men under present conditions in South alonn in her house during the day while Africa.—Ottawa Citizen.	her husband was at work.
COR. ELGIN AND SPARKS 8Tf.
WHYTE
THE WATCHMAKER
M. STEWART
Burned to Death.
M^dia, Va , Nov. 14.—S tting alone in her home and unab’e to move her chair, Mrs. Maggie Daugherty, of R>ckdale, near here egad 60 years and a cripple was burned to de.Vh this afternoon. Mrs.
J
»
SHAWVILLE.
s e
# e
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE,
# #
»
# #
. • SH A W VILLE.
MAIN STREET













