###PAGE###1###

V
/

y
y

I
' 1
1
SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC,
Vol. XVI, No. 28
P. y., THURSDAY, JAN. 5, 1899
I o..
BANK OF OTTAWA
“THE EQUITY”
Are you using D >wd's Flour ?
Have you tried Dowd's 14 High Loaf " Flour Î
If you don’t like the last photos you had taken, try again and try Hand ford;
Mr. AlfMclU., who roeotly return-	A“h» PoDli*c Hou“
®d from Manitoba, has been prostrated with a severe attack of lagrippe.
Men’s mitts and Moccasins—Immense stock—all kinds
Is issued from the office of Publication* Shaw ville every Thursday.
Subscription, |l.oo per Annum,
«W *
J. H. Shaw
Head Ofllee Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,600,000 00 Rest.................$1,126,000.00
See Cuthberson A Graham's sd. on 8th
page
Personal.
Mr. Bob Hodgins, of Carp, afew days in town last week.
Mr. Thoe. J. Wilson, of Montreal, spent his Xmas holidays with friends here.
Mr. R. Mitchell went to Pembroke spend New Years.
Miss Taggart, of Ottawa, came to visit her relatives here last week.
Mrs. Robt. Stewart of Fort Coulonge, was visiting at Mr. H. T. McDowell’s last week.
Mias Nina Splane, of Renfrew, spent last week visiting at her sister’s, Mrs. Robt. Black’s.
Board of Director»
The stores were closed here on Monday, in observance of the ushering in of 1890.
Mr. D. Gratihn, accountant, has been elected Mayor of Amprior by acclama
Advertising rates made known on application.
Correspondence of local I nterestsolicited from all parts of the country.
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices Inserted free ; but obituary lines, or '•poetry” will be charged at the rate of Scents per line money toacoompany the manuscript In every
ease.
Charlbh Magee, Esq., President Gkokoe Hay, esq., Vice-President
Boa. Geo. Bryson, Jr.
Alex. Fraser,
Released.—M. Bigras, of Dorion Township, who has been serving a two years' term in Bryson jail for shooting with intent to do grievous bodily harm, w-is released on Christinas eve., by order The new English ChuroL at Westmeath Iof lhti Governor-General on the _ recoinwill be open for service on Sunday next mendation of the Minister of Justice. -January 8th.	------?------
Ont., spent
John Mather, Esq David MacLahir,
tion
Dennis Morphy, Esq.
0 BO ROE BURN, D. M. FINN IE
General Manager, (Local) Manager
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
Photos—all styles and sizes, at Galli- Errata.—In the annual report of the chan’s Quyon. g^ The only resident Agricultural Society, which appeared in photographer in the county.	our laBt week’s issue, we find that several
errors have been made in the figures of Capt. Alex. Bowie of the Ottawa River the expense side of the account. We
Navigation Company, died on Friday therefore reproduce the several items with morning last
Drafts issued on all Banking pointe In the Domin-Unlted Stale# and Great Britain.
Notes and Bill# collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current
rates.
J. A. COWANt PublUher
Ion
WM. GAMBLE,
Bums of 11 and upwards received U Saving» Department. Intereat credited half yearly.
Office Hour»—10 a. ni. to 3 p. in. Saturday 10a.m. to 1 p. m.
BARRISTER, &c.,
169 Main Street,....
the corrections made :—
EXPENDITURE
Hull.
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Ofllce—over G. F. Hodglns’ Store, Main St.
Dr. L. Mulligan, Veterinary Surgeon, who left this village some time ago, has I Bal. due Sec.-Treas. from 1897
returned, and taken up practise here prizes paid.......................
again
Mr. Jos. Smiley, was among those who came home to spend his holidays. Joe is now engaged in the P. P. J. office at Aylmer.
Master Herbie McGuire, who has been in Cornwall, for some months, return-98 661 rd with his little sister Verna on Saturday evening to spend New Year.
Miss Constance Eason, who is home The Sladacona Light and Power Co. I from Montreal on her Xmas holidays
of Montreal have entered action in the | «pent Thursday and Friday renewing old
acquaintance* in Shawville, returning to
her home in P. D. Fort on Saturday.
$48.26 766 60 1619.63 100 20 131 31 267 14
)
New hall.......................
Mr. Thoe. J. Wilson, divinity student I fencing and repairing grounds who is spending his holidays with his par- Fay meut on new grounds. ...
enta here, preached an excellent sermon Incidental expenses.................
in St. Paul’s chuich on Sunday evening. Sec.-Treasurer a salary.............
t
Court Shawville,
No. 276.

OF CANADA.
§W2
Sleeve the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. 8. Barnett, F 8
The Photogiaph Gallery in the Pontiac House will be re opened on Friday next.
Mr. Handford will be pleased to see you and show you hia samples, buy or not. .	_	.
Don't forget the date, Friday January 6th. Superior Court in Hull against the cor
.	punition of Thurso for $8,904 44 for dam»
The Advance aaya another discovery of	B^el an(j résiliation of contract. Mesura.	I Mr.	Clelandof Braeside, and Mr White-
gold bearing quartz has been made on the	McGibbon and Co., of Montreal,	are	side,	hitched their horses together last
property of Mr John Davis, jr., Bristol. Lcting for plaintiffs. The outcome ia	the	week,	and drove off to visit their rela-
•ludging from the appearance and lay of	rtifU9ai 0f the municipality on the	one	lions	in the Gatineau section, and at
the rock it is thought that it is the same hand to pay up the full amount of deben Metcalfe, Ont., returning to Shawville lead that is being prospected on by the | turea issued fur waterworks purposes, and | on Thursday night.
Pontiac Mining Company in Onalow
$3026.60
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000 RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000
L.B.C
Head Office, - Montreal.
J. A. Cowan, R 8.
W. J. Eades, C. R.
o
SHAWVILLE BRANCH,
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of five dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
OFFICE Hours Saturdays .
Dr. J. E. TAGGART. L. D. S., D.D.S.,
I
Corner of Bank and Wellington Streets,
Special attention given to appointments made by m ai L
| OTTAWA
of the company on the other hand to go - ¦	-¦ —	-	--
ahead with the work if the full amount is	__	__
paid. The village of Thurso served » TENDERS yTÜLlTTED protest some time ago on the company
The annual tea meeting in connection	l,1P'Notary h treau.	Messrs.	Major	TENDERS will be received bythe under.
"i,h 8tP»ulj. ehurch, held in Hod-	»“d <**“• m-M-B	forth.	defence.	ggned^o
gins Hall on Thursday evening last. The	.	Season of 1899.
attendance was not as large as usual on	Sky WO Hfl»V0 Lots Of It.	Checsemaker will be required to furnish
? Sgr#ajSUSR.,'J5 Tbairf»,'. OitowT journd
- ils ÿassr sru *	£=	=	SSSSSsr-
I rHSHfES	sB^sssssrd
the Rev. Mr. Low. the ...i.tant in this E<*ld. 'Ilver »"d n,ckel have been received.	E. HODGINS
parish, and Rev. Mr. Warrington, the »-d apparently man, ef the farmers m	Pres. Lily Cheese Co.
good order.	new incubent of Portage du Fort.	He	Pontiac have become projectors.	Many
Geo. Catxr, Shawville.	also explained the absence of	Rev.	«mplea have turned out	aplen
Messrs. Coffin and Plaiated, who were didly.
A rich discovery of garnet corundum
.	beenmade nearBlack r.ver, and Mr. * For Ra.e, theHou.e and gowned by Mr.
Following another piece of music,	Mr.	VV. A Mo Fall, of Ottawa, is interested	village of Shawville.	The	lot	contains
The Raymond Sewing Machine equals	Thoi J. Wilson made a few remarks	of a	in the discovery. A company is	being	abo-ut	f.la»ndni»n.<10wl11	** 80ld cheaPe
. . . __ _	, any in the market. For sale by A. Smiley felicitous nature.	formed to develop the property and also	---
Q EO* C« RI C HTe I Shawville, from $20 up	Rev. Mr. Warrington, suffering from a to prospect.	Dec.27, 1898
* ¦ -	severe cold, was certainly not in the right Experts who have visited the country say
mood to deliver the address, which under that the kind of rock in Pontiac county favorable circumstances, would ia the same as that in the Rainy River have been a pleasure to him, but he said district, and likely to prove as valuable, a few humorous words to the audience, ¦¦¦¦¦
Robb Lost.—On Wednesday, Dec. 21st to whom he also demonstrated fully that	Sentence!TO EoatH-	» T . ...	,	,..	,	,. __	,
between No. 10 School, Bristol and his affliction for the time being was genu-	--- T° cînaUty *— lan 80 lciaor<‘Hal Mun '
Shaw ville, a gray «leigh robe. The find ine.	sam parslow toünd oüiliy oî? the public Notice 1« hereby given by J. R.
er will oblige by leaving same at the poet The serving of refreshments of which	charge of murdbb.	Horner, the undersigned Sec,-Treasurer of
r—	ïSsLSi res
turns out a superior class of work in Mon- representative of the school boy, the day.	.	,	J. R. HORNER,
* I umente, Headstones, etc. Prices reason- professional actor, and the veteran soldier, The jury signed a petition in 1 arsloa a	Sec.-irea*
I able	ihe elocutional y style of each being well favor immediately afterwards.
*_The verdict gives considerable satisfac-
After a well-rendered sentimental song tion here, although a good deal of sym-
by Rev. Mr. Low, Mr. E. W. Hodgins pathy was expressed for Parslow I here The following are last Saturday’s quota!
recalled some reminiscences of bygone wss absolutely none when < i ivlia Viau tions on the Ottawa market :
academy days by the reading of a rhyth- was sentenced.
I
not
Tee Mooting
10 A.M. TO 3 KM
BGDRBEAD RAINVILLE, L. L. L,
10 A M. TO 1 P.M
F A PARKER, Manager
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Will attend all the Courts of the District, especially when required.
$ocal and ©entrai
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.
NOTARY PUBLIC,
/NLERK of the District Magistrates' Court V at Shawville. Money to lend on easy terms on farm and village property. Notary for •* The Reliance Loan and Savings Com-1 ter pany” of Ontario.
Will visit Bryson every Thursday
¦!
For Sale, Cheap —One set of fine single harness—in
comr*e
Shawville. Jan. 2.1899
Arthur McConnell,
TTO&NEY AT LAW, Main St. Hull., w a u / u ab j.	,	, . .
uth^irreV.1	1 “7.”°„£5°£i•***»««***	««
,,^mbr»td4h.wvmen„trhur.d.y ofe.cb I i‘ »«• *» d<* *» Jou	I P*«*h“
month.
House for Sale.
A
WM. ARMSTRONG,
Shawville
\
Photos—prices lower but quality better than	ever—Gallichan,	Quyon.
Photos finished here—no long
Public Notice.
Province of Quebec, > Municipality of the Village) of Shawville.	)
72 MAIN ST. - HULL QUE.
more
r
Will attend Superior and Circuit Conrt|al | waiting Brysoa, also other Courts in Pontlac^m»-Srlct when required.
JA8. HOPE dfe Co.
1898
BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT, OFFICE : —COURT ST., SHAWVILLE
OTTAWA MARKETS,
taken
The difficulty between Mr. R. J. Davidson and the Aldfield settlers, which Mr.
C. Langelier was sent up by the Quebec Government to look into, we understand,
has been adjusted. The Government.	. .	.	. .. -	.	.
regard to the matter.	I thn programme to the chairman’» closing » village near here, and had for .ome time
Judge Lavergne on Tuesday morning I remarks,in the course of which he refer I been on intimate terms with bam 1 ars-•entenced Dr. 8. B. Stackhouse, of Hull,	red briefly to some of the events which	low, a farm hand, and the two plotted t<
to three	years in Ste. Vincent de Paul	have marked the expiring year. What	gather to get rid of the bus ).jnd.
penitentiary for administering noxious the new year would bring forth no one the night of November J 1st, 18J7, Mr« drugs to Victoria Taylor, of Hull. In could tell, but from the way in which af- Poirier left her husband n house to see a passing sentence the judge remarked that I fairs were shaping themselves it was friend some distance away, roirur, who his only alternative was to tend him down likely to witness events of a very impor was troubled about him domestic relations for life, but that considering his education tant nature.	had been drinking rather freely, and the
and the recommendation to mercy he Votes of thanks were then tendered to I next day he was found in bed at home ;	;	received	from high quarters he would be	the choir, to the ladies and to all who had	with his throat cut from ear to ear
**	lenient.	The sentence of 3 years warn then	,u any way contributed to the success of Mrs. Poirier claimed that she had	no
imposed. Hi* Lordship then sentenced the entertainment. The singing of the been near the place, but she and	w.
Dr. Eugene McKay, of Papineauville, to National anthem, in which the audience were arrested on suspicion. The woman one year in the common gaol for indecent all heartily joined, then closed the pro* broke down and tried to lay fhe woe assault ou Mrs H. Parisien, of Papineau- Leadings.	blame on ihe man. Pai.low confessed
ville. He charged strongly against the Following is the programme as render- and according to his atat ement, they o i
the could have been com- ed :—	committed the murder
milled for a more serious charge, accord •	Programme.	Mrs. Poirier was first tried in February
ing to the evidence adduced. His duty Anthem—Praise t» e Lord, O Jerusalem. last, when the jury returned a veidict of
SSZrrsr rz	• -«— swss
sSs;	œ®. ###-3
tr“n' 000- »**r* ,n I morality wa« becoming apid.mio m th« I	a.iS!”"	*°	“*	°“
jr Ladles* and gentejblcycles^ept for hire district.	I God Save the Queen.	I M***" luUl» nel te
Accounts collected and prompt returns made
All courts attendedi
Peas 00 to 00 cents.
Oats, 26 to 28c.
Wheat, 00 to 00c.
Rye, 00 to 00c.
Buckwheat, 40 to 45c.
Barley, 00 to 00c.
Hay, $6 to $0 per ton.
Straw, $4 00 to $4 50 per ton. Potatoes 55 to 60c per bag. Veal, 4 to 5c per lb.
Lamb, 6 to 8c per lb.
Butter, print, 18 to 22 cents. Butter, tub, 15 to 17 cents. Eggs, fresh, 2(. to 23 cents. Eggs, stored. 16 to 00 cents. Apple*, $2 50 to $3 50 por bbl Tomatoe*, 15 cents per gallon. Hides, rough, 6c per pound
St. Lawrence Hall,
m9
Mrs C M# McLean,
Proprietress,
thereon
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
On
PONTIAC HOusr
3?: amt



/

>
X-

Shawville Produce Quotations
26 ic 27
66 to 58 38 to 40 37 to 40
Oats.................
peas.................
Buckwheat...........
Rye.................
Eggs, (fresh,).......
Wool................
Butter...............
Pork per 100, dressed Hay per ton Calfskins...,
Hides,----
Pelts.......
Turkeys ....
_____i...
Chickens Docks...
1
prisoner, saying
i
15
... 16 to 18 .... 14 to 00 4 75 to 5 00 9 00 lo 10 00
.... 3ft to 50 00 to 650 40 to 75 -----7 to 8c.
case
• e
# e
ft:
5 to
she was
5 to
6 to 7o.
HIIMMMI
# e
Î

###PAGE###2###
THS PRINCE OF WALES,
no’ one bitter void has ever panned between ui%—not liing but perfect ron-I id' ll e and love. 1 W8H not good
enough foi you d 11 ing.l|||||||||||||||l 'hit better than myself
have married one of gentler blood and
a poor mechanic.
than
n i nhr nkiug mure and k imposed upon her,
marcr ZHHH
face «h ahv put
(fig\$*c5\F3*i>
# LOVE AND WARN \
t*	A STORY OP SLAVERY DAYS.
By MARY J. HOLMES.
IW
i h i win low more from the i when, mb sb ' drew Annie*» bright joyous ogvther the g rment» fort o morrow,
p iusing ooasiuii illy 10 sP»iak to W idow Simms w ho sat before t bo blazing lu e, (1 reiiming visions of what n‘1 g lit »«• ( o.ild she but gt'l a pass to Hichmond!
-Don’t you hear wheels?" the widow asked as th) carriage «topped before ihe gate.
Annie thought she did, and g"»ng to window she saw Rose as she came up
h walk.	. .	. .
“Why, it's Mrs. Mather.’ she cued.
•What ran have hi ought her hack tonight?” and hastening to the door she led l * ose in, asking why she
•Oh, Annie.” Hose replied, winding her arms around Annie's net k, 1 wlsn l did not have to tell, but 1 must, and 1 know it will kill you dead. 1 m sure it would me, and 1 don t see why
you should be served so either. we
for Will is g<>-Don't you
None knows You should,
A PEN PICTURE OF GREAT BRIT-A1NS FUTUR It KINO.
hilt' HHW
higher birth thin l I have always felt this mort you, perhaps, and have tried so hard not to shame you with my homespun ways, had 1 lived, 1 should have implored constantly beneath your refining influence, but. that is all past now, and it is well, perhaps that is >o As you grew older you might have felt there was n lark in me, a something which did not satisfy the cravings of your h gher nature, and though you might not have loved me less, you would have seen that we were not wholly congenial. 1 am well enough in my way but I am not a auitable companion for a girl of culture like yourself, and I've often wondered that you should have chosen me.
and again 1 bless you Never, never, was year so happy ns the one I spent with you, my darling, darling Annie, and 1 was lo king forward to many such, but (rod has decreed it otherwise, and what lm does we know is right. I shall never see you again! and though they will bring me back lo you, I shall not feel your tears upon my fare, or see you bending over my coffin-bed! Still l know you will do this, and that makes it necessary for me to tell what, perhaps, has been to> long withheld, because I would spare you if possible.
He tie strife Nawlae»» Wwn—Wine Hoaih < ¦engagement* t.eiilnl and Lovable Man.
H. It. H. the Prince Wales, is doubtedly the most genial, a* he ie the Ist dressed man. a pattern for all men leading.
A story ia told that on one occasion he was sitting in I he Peer's Gallery in the House of Commons when an
spied strangers," and the Prince, together with several peers and foreign ambassadors, were politely but firmly informed that they must leave
with unruffled good hunor The Prince of Wales, like so many of the world's great men, is a very short sleeper, rarely retiring to bed
before two o'clock hours," but hr is always down, looking fresh and bright, from a cold bath, In which hr indulges all the year rouad,
at half-past eight.
lie is pre-eminently a man of method; after breakfast lie personally deals with shoals of letters, and goes into
the minutest details Marlborough H« use are kept m3 stiiot-ly us chartered accountants could keep
•r the Prince-A Sery
«s
un-

His good humor la of light and
again I ain't," was ttv> widow's reply, .	,. « I as She wi|*»d the moisturs from her
"Oh, I’ve such perfectly splendid lasses unil relumed thm to her poetic ws this morning. We are going to	ket	..j.m ff|,ul	he's	doing good, but I
Washington	tight away, you	and l,	don.t	w:in, him	sick	there alone, with-
for Will says so in his letter. A ou see ou( his rilother# jt»8 hard to set' why George is a great deal—George cant— (hitge thintfS :,,e so, but that's nothin' well. George isn't very well ; " and jo do wl(h tho go[n' to Washington qmte delighted with tho hippy turn wjll u tllkl, nux Mrs. Mart hers? 1 sh‘ had given her words, Hose skip- know ym homespun and ignorant,but ped around Annie's cottage like a yoU may can me waiting maid, or any-bird, lighting at last upon a stool at ^ing you like, if you 11 only take me." Annie's feet and asking if sh * were The widow s voice was full of en-noi glad. "Why, how white you are! ’ treat nnd hose could not resist it. bh - exclaimed, as she observed the ^ Wl*,u|d he grander, she thought, to paleness of	Annie’s cheek.	"What	h tvp	a w(im:in	from	Boston, but then
makes you ?	Don't you want	to go?"	Mrs	Simms wanted	to go so badly,
Annie was not deceived by Rose's while Annie, too. preferred her, she abiupt turn. *She knew that George >v.is SU|V So WII8 mettled that as was worse, else h* had never sent for |goon a8 t he necessary arrangements h r ; and hence the sudden faintness, cou,d lw m;lde Mrs. Simms, Annie and which Hose's gay badinage could not ^use were to’ start for the Federal shike off at once.	Capital. Had the care of an entire
“Did your husband write, or iment Solved upon Rose, tho mine ? ' she asked, and Hose replied,. could !1()l hive been busier or have felt "Will, of course. George has never	lter responsibility than she did
written, you know."	. in planning and arranging the journey
\es, 1 know; and in Annies voice !<nd tween times trying to initiate there was a tone approaching nearer XVidow Simms into the mysteries of to bitterness thm any that Hose had .	telling her not to he fright-
•ver heard from her. "Where is the d andg’,hink they'd run off the letter? Let me read It for myself."	. h time th© whistle blew—not
“Hut will you?" and Annie grasped . ( thv people know that she had never her shoulder firmly. "Will you tell been further in the cars than Roc he s-iiII ? Tell me what it is about my husband, nnd why he never writes ? Is George dying, and is that the reason why he sends for me? Tell me, Mrs.
Mat her, for I will not be put off long-
C'UAPTER XII
t
was
officious M.

Hui4 you for it.
did
His Royal Highness complied
shall not go to-morrow mg lo bring him home know now? Can't you guess'f .and Hose hrust the dispatch into the hands of . h ' bewildered Annie, who clutched it eagerly, nnd bending to the lamplight, read what Hose, had read before
her.
In the wee «ma'
t
It came to her like a thunderbolt striking all the deeper because it found her ko full of eager expectation, md the November wind, am it swept the door, and down the lonely
Hollow, took with it one waiting cry’ of
ihen all was still

To bo Continued.
« #
t'h* account» at
anguish and
within the cottage, wve obbing whispers of Widow hi in ms ,nd Ko<e bending over the umonsci-ou8 form whieh lay upon th« bed, white and still that a terrible fear entered the hearts of both lest the stricken Annie, too. were dead.
DEPOPULATION OF FRANCE.
the
them.
The clerks in his employ area class
installed under
Influx of KorHuwer* Prevent* the Urrrrwee
Steromlng Appnrenl.
The returns of the census for France which was taken on March 29, 1897, havt now been published and compared with the statistics of the previous census, which was taken six years before, on April 12, 1891 the number of people in France was 38,228,969, and at the 1891 census it was 38,095,160, so that in the six years the population of France had only increased by 138.819 persons trifling increase is more apparent than real, for it haa taken place entirely in the large towns, and is due to the influx of foreigners such as Belgians and Italians, who are to be found in increasing numbers among the urban populations of France.
In only twenty-four departments is there any increase; in sixty-three departments there is a positive falling off, and this is more especially marked in the rural communes than in England does the population flock from the country to the town, and yet we are always hearing of the perfect nature of the French agrarian laws and of the advantages of small holdings. The fact is that smallholdings tend to keep down the rural population, for the subdivision of fields has now got to such a pitch that any family at all often means starvation to a man and wife.
For years past the French population has only been kept from showing absolute decrease by the influx of foreign workmen into t he great towns, and yet the French allow the folly of the colonial party to drag them into ridiculous enterprises abroad for the benefit of a few greedy officials and functionaries creasing population can never hold coland the French may rest assured that sooner or later their colon-will go the way of those possessed by tho sister nation, Spain.
so
by themselves ; once the Heir-Apparent’» roof, they never leave, save from ill-health, and their
CHARTER XIII.
'Backward now we turn, and stand again in the chamber where we saw the glitter of the polish steel and heard the bitter cry forced out by pain from lips unused to give such sign of weakness. They were white now n* the wintry snow which covers the Northern hills, and the breath came feebly fioin between them, as the flick man wliispered faint ly:
“I .shill not la* here if Annie corner for w hen the drum beats on the mor-calling my comrades to their 1 shall be far away where
fidelity never falls.
Among life's busy 1hm*s he is one of
indication of
ter
directions the widow
the little critter pattermze
tavnal ti ol
the most active ; as an this, just read the following suminai y
of nine months Prince of Wales as reported im l&e Eleven attendances
A year ago
of the
ng.Lgement s
me
to see
er."	if sb % s posed 1 was a
There was a look in the blue eyes ;ina duin't know a steam locofoco nom before which Rose fairly quailed, and u canai boat turning her face away she answered truthfully,
“Yes, George is very sick. He will never come home again; and he wants you there when he dies."
Softly the quivering lips repeated,
"When he dies 1“ poor Annie wondering if it could be George who was Xieant. Had the evil she most dreaded come u|x>n her at last ? Must she give her husband up and live without him ? How dark, how cheerless the future looked, stretch ng before her through many years it might l>e, Was there no hope—no help ? It was Annie's darkest hour of trial, and for a moment the spirit fainted, refusing to bear the load which, though more than half-expected, had come so sudden at the last. But Annie was not one to murmur long, and Rose Mat her never forgot the sweet submissive smile which played over her white face as she said,
"Whether George lives or dies, God will do all things well."
After this there was no more repining, no more bitterness of tone, nothing save humble submission to w hatever might be in store for her.
Rose was very enthusiastic on subject of the Washington trip, and Annie listened eagerly to her suggest ions.
at Hie
press
Hou.se of Lords, on forty five octiisieos he had official and charitable engagements, his appearances at dinner-parties, balls, garden parties and concert* total to forty-three, twenty-eight race meetings were honored with his piea-
ence, and on thirty occasions he visited
Not l»ad for
And even this
"\2ZA2 °S
Hum's three trunks, of
thv
E^t&ïrr^
for Rose meant to make a lev's campaign, and d'spiay hcr «nu -
mm#
thn h7d no? uken^the widow long to pack up her three dresses, and her
ssïïx ss
her husband so
a',
oxv
daily drill _ _	.	. .
omuls of battle were never b arc! but Oh the calm peace t he quiet,
I hope
w i n
ou G
i he rest, t here is in Heaven you will one day come to share it with me; you who have been kinder than u bro her." and the long, while fingers grasped the hand which tor so many days and weeks had soothed the aching head and 10 led the fevered pillow's with ill a woman’s tenderness.
Never tor an hour had that faithful friend deserted his post. J>ny and night had found him there, min-
want, and. ns faros
the t heat re
THIKT Y-SE V K N W E E KS.
Ls not surprised at His Ibiysl
attendances at
One
High news’s numerous the theatres when it is recalled hit, like nil the members of the Hoftd Family, lie h.us a ke< n dramatic apiav-tille- He Its an excellent judge of all plays, and, did not greater responni-iblities require his more immediate attention, he would be a valuable recruit to the ranks of the critics.
The smallest detail on the stage does not escape his vision. When the Prince visited the A de I phi during the of "One of the Beet,” he diacov
Even more

istering to every hum in aid could do. smoothing pathway leading so surely down to
But his vigils were almost his release was just at hand, h ,d .‘aid. th ? morrow's
the
death o/er now;
or. i s G org	,	_	.
drum-beat would only find t here t ne body, which was so worn by suffer-ng and disease, that William Mather . o dd lift it in his arms as easily as he i ould have lifted a child. He was greatly «hinged flora! the days when he had been aptly called the lio k and Hercules. But as the outer man decayed. thu inner life grew strong and bright, >h ning forth at the last with 11 ihe splendor which perfect faith in
shed around
run
ed that the ribbon of the Victoria Cross, worn by Mr. Terries was indirect. This he at once pointed out. Mid it was at once put right.
Concerning th* theatrical side ue lii# Prince's life, a good story is related. Accompanied by the Dukes of Edinburgh and Teck, Ills Royal Highness called upon Miss Gene vive Ward. While talking, the actress heard the
and she
sion
the pro peel of meeting
fcOJn.
"Two days more h in/ shi tho .ght, picturing st If the meeting, and famying "bj <he would do. what she would say. nnd how carefully she would nurse him when once she was there with him. i was a bright picture she drew of that
upon him. and she was almost as un patient as Rose herself to have the November day come to an end, know-that with the darkness she was nearer to the asked-for to-morrow.
iEüüiS?ill
when you can find forty of 'em near- mo.ning.	. ,
er home. "Let me go, Eli and John Annie smiled at the litt le tan) are there, you know: and tain't such restlessness, and after kiss ng \ a great w ays to Richmond, where my jgooi-night, stood by the window w a i -poor Isaac is.- Did 1 tell you I got a ing her. as she drove down the tree ,
letter last night from a strange wo- and thinking to herself.
When 1 see her again it will be to
and I shall **
to her
an
the
A nation with a de-
tinklu of her pet dog a Iwll called out, "Come h*re, leek/'
The visitors started, and Miss Ward
My little dog's
"It is absurd for two young ladles like us to travel alone," Rose said. "We must hive some nice elderly woman to mat ionize the party to write to mother to send up one from Boston."
Christ's Atonement can a death-bed. There was no repining no v, n » murmuring at the mysterious dealings of Providence, nothing but sweet. childish confidence, and a
fo i he end coming hi ms If could
on ics,
hastily apologized
name Is Teck—short for Theda." *Dicr all roared at tho idea, and the an«* d rushed at the Duke of Edinburgh, "Ba-ket, Teck 1* exclaimed the actress, and the dog obeyed men went down the stairs they laughing heartily, and the Prince of Wales, as he slapped his cousin on Mme buck, said merrily, "Basket, Teck 1”
One eminent trait of the Prince'• character is his happy knack of lotting people at their ease Carter, who used to command one af His Royal Highness’s yachts, tells how one day the Prince and Princess and two of their daughters came aboard without notice.
He was naturally much discomposed as to the correct mode of receiving him, but. was at once
1 mean
ics
mg
Miss Mart hers," interrupted the
patient waning __ o fast tb it Gog feel the irregular beat of his wiry pulse, and mark the death hue as it
settling first in purplish spots about his fingers tips, and spreading its ashen coloring over
his clammy hands.
A s o my November night had closed
beat
THEY FLED FROM THE GIANT
As the gtNt Slower»
on
An Actor Fight Feel Tall FrlglilvneU I lie
llallel t.lrl*.
Thd Paris correspondent of the London Daily Mail wires that M. Constantin, a young Frenchman of nineteen, who has just been introduced at the Folies Bergere, is eight feet tall, and probably bigger than any other man who has ever lived proportioned.
He arrived in a huge railway wag
came creeping on
Ca plate
over Washington, and the rain dLmillv against the windows of the. loua where Mr. Mather bent over the dying soldier, listening to what L said.
man up in New Hampshire, whose toy was in the battle? The rascals let 1 morrow." your broi her write to her, because | Rapidly Rose Mathers iron Kr(,y th re was something lotween her bore her to the depot, w here but 8te Charlie and a rebel officer who was idlers were lounging, as it was pas goot1 to th1? child, when he was dyin\ the hour for the cars. lue winaox There’s now and then a streak of good between the ladies sitting room an amongst 'em. '	the office was Closed, and Hose knock-
wrnma
called Isaac Simpson.	Communication. What was il that
The more humane of Captain Cane- . m de jlim Rtart FO and utter an exton's captors had repeated what the rp,mation 0f surprise? Was it bad dying officer said of Tom's kindness to nf>w8 ^e wires had brought to him? him, and for this Tom had at last y d there been another bnttl*? Was found opportunity for sending a note \Yashtngton in danger? Rose wished to Charlie's mother, telling her how shp knew and she was about to inker darling died, and asking her to i € u|re wh n th* operator turned upon write for him to his mother, his sis- h an(1 .|sked if she knew Mrs. Grater and the Widow Simms. This the fa ^ wife Df ,he Lieutenant?
¦aiim
° "Tell 'hisTmot’her that he does not There was no need for Rose to open hear prison confinement well, and she the envelop, for she knew well enough would hardly know her boy. He is what it contained, but her fingers me-very popular among his fellow prison- chinically tore it apart, and with eis nnd does more good, I verily lie- streaming eyes she read the fatal mess-lieve, than half our army chaplains, age which woald break poor Annies One poor fellow, who died th»* other heart day, blessed Isaac Simms as the means of leading him to Heaven.”
"OL I'm so glad he’s there, ain't you?" and the tears shone in Rose’s eyes as she involuntarily paid this tribute to Christianity.
"On some accounts I am, and then
he
He is perfectly
"You can't tell Annie all,’" George whispered, lo .king fondly up into the face he had learned i o love so well.
îltips SilsËHlS
spèfpa miMêm
as the d> mg man du au d.	can amid stifled screams of Dieu!
My dear, deal, dai ling Ann .	quo j’ai peur!” Lord 1 Lut I'm scared!
will he days, peihips, >efore yo e phe audience were intensely excited this letter, and ere u reach s > afc	new giant’s appearance
omebody will have old you t hit y r ( g^roll around the house was greeted poor Georg - ih deau. Are you crying,	||ttie shrieks of fear and roars of
darling, as you read this? Do the tears fall upon the words, 'poor George is dead? Don't cry, my precious Annie.
It makes my heart at he toth.nk how yoa will sorrow and 1 not thereto comfort you. It’s hard to die away from h me, but not so hard as it would once hive been, for I hope I am a different man from the one who bade you good-bye a few short months ago; and, darling it must comfort you to know i h it year prayers, your sweet influence h tve led the wanderer home to Goi. We shall meet again in Heaven,
Annie, — meet, where partings are unknown It may be many years, per-perh ips, and t he gra^s upon my grave may blossom many times ere you will deep t h * sleep which knows no waktng but at thm last you’ll come where I am waiting you. I know I shall be there.
Ml the harassing doubts and Simple faith in the
PUT AT HIS EASE
by the Prince introducing his companions affably, ’’Carter, my wife and daughters." And the old sea dog replied, "Hope you're qu tv well, nm'at*, and the same to you, my little missies."
The Heir-Apparent's goodness h.*art is proverbial, and, instead of lining angry at unintentional discourtesy, be. takes everything in the boat of all good spirits, Ising more often highly amused than "put out."
Were th* Prince other than he is he could obtain a living in a multitude of ways, as he is one of the most versatile men of th* moment. Let us indicate a few of his accomplishments ; his accurate knowledge on all sorts ad subjects is nothing less than phi^xom-enal.
HLa Royal H ghness possesses a wid.* knowledge of sport of all kinds,e literature, science and art, and home and foreign politics are at his fin#**'
ends.	j sÇm*
To his stores of informalhoTrtTflhifc lied aremaikable memory, both hw faces and facts, a fund of anecdote Mid an indefatigable apatite for work.
It is popularly supposed that iB<«t of his Royal Highness's speeches are composed for him. He, however, hms never permitted any words to be p<*’ in his mouth, from his earliest appearance as an orator down to the preseoA, which have not first of all been weighed and largely shaped by himself.
p .per you you
\
His
applause.
Stairs are the young man # chief difficulty, for his knees are rather weak, and his feet—although each is over 32 inches in length—are barely large enough to preserve his equilibrium.
After he had done bus turn two men up a ladder and helped him into
ran
his overcoat.	I
His lied, without which he never travels, is a curiosity. It takes eight men to carry it.
4
'

f

FIRES IN PARTS
The number of fires in Paris during the year 1897 was 1,190 and the loss of life was 135, all but five of the deaths having occurred at the fire of the
To deal with thes»*
I
f
Charity Bazaar
fires Paris possesses an effective force
of 1,750 men, of whom 51 are officers. The city is divided into 24 zones, in each of which there is a station with which the fire alarms connect, and which has four two-horse engines, a large fire-escape, two fourgons carrying about 4,UOt) feet of hose of different
1
Annie
fears are gone Saviour's promise has taken them aw ay and left me perfect peace. God bless you, Annie darling, and grant that as you hive guided me, so you may guide o hers toil 1 home above, where lam go ng so fust, very happy ; nee wife, ami I fcioif you for it. It makes iny death pillow easier to know that


81112 KNEW THE ROPES.
Agitated Young Bridegroom, immediately after the ceremony,— Serena, shall—shall I—shall we—shall we kiw ? . Self-Possessed Bride, her third experience— It is my usual custom, William.
"Oh, I cannot tell her," she cried, sinking down upon the hard settee, and sobbing bitterly. "How can I take, this to her, when I left her so hippy half an hour ago?"
Rut it must be done, and summoning all h r ro r g) she b ide Jake drive
You have made me you have been n,y
t

###PAGE###3###

1

|H rVed to come a» t heir deliverer and ¦¦¦U A rid y« t theil old IDâAter had HHE I to ho Id the Me**!**/’ bat I le hold the Lamb "f God terpreted, the Christ, translatée the Hebrew term for hie i «enti Un reader».
12 If brought him to J* jus
<f uh can perform. Locked with T)i iu ut Sim<-h 'he on ih it Ls thy present name.
father or the place
IHE SUNDAY SCHOOL
stood IH-fore tbin, wn» th - pivotai hour which everything wan poised,
heaven for Felix; arid unless some of you repent, you «hell likewise perish Vet wlien I present the subject to night, 1 f.ar that some of you will say; "Not quite yet. Don't !*• mo precipitate in your demands. I hive a levs tickets yet that I have u> use. I have a1 few engagement t that I iiuihI keep l want to stay a little longer in th* w hi 11 of conviv 111 i t y—a few more guf fawn of unclean laughter, a few more | steps oil l ho load to deal h, and then, I w ill list -n to what you say. ' (hi thy way for this time ; when I have a convenient season, I u ill call fur thee.' '* l)o you know that your txiat preacneu 1 i"us "	{* nn the edge of I he maelst min, and
Felix t rcinhled, and tha| live foam on the wave is the froth
; Nils of the banished ; and that the I gleam in the water is the glaring eye-Ni I Is of the banished; and that I h r<*ir of the wave is the groan of the was Cesareu— damned? Oh, I know it is a great
prince not said.
PAUL BEFORE FELIX
U pou
and that H tipped the wrong way. Their convenient season cam» win n Paul and his guardsman entered the pal une ; it went away wh n Paul and
Have yon n v i wen men wailing for a convenient season ' Vhere ii uch a great i ion a butt It
hive coii»' m here to-night, and may ,sii or stand with great respect to the i nilh of ('hi fat, yet somehow there is m > 'iii soul the tbought,
It is not time fur me to Income. a
I gay i" u ley
No, wail until 1 I say to the lie Hays,

i
Wring m-Agaiu John
8
INTERNATIONAL LESSON. JAN
talmaqe WORD PICTURE THE MEETING.
t
REV. DR

John i.
" 4 lirUl'n Hn* I ll 11*1* *
t.olilrn I *¦ xl. Juliii !• W.

his guardsm in l«*fl
Such
m any one
a aer viz a When Jesus ls*h»Id him
filN< 111 i-
HI, sim-* Ilf I «Mill %»# l*IU up I#* Honours of the 1 hum I» liefer M* H##*#*
PRACTICAL NOTES
that tli'-ugh you may
penal rat ion of Juna».
I li nam4 1 m » of one’s retd lenoe or berth was frrqu *n-IJ y at lac hod to one's name, by the. Jews and used as our family names are used, to distinguish different Simons from
J mas is nearly the same rhoii shwl 1 be called Opus.
occasion when t his hi id to have Iwen given to It is usual to explain this as
Verse 3>. Again, the next day* John stood. “The nextt day again John was standing."
M oflil
IHm avion
The reference »h to
Heboid the
mi i
Not quite
verse 2D, where John says Lamb of God, which taketh away the
John" lu re, of
yet
A despatch from Washington «".v* ll4*v. Dr. Ta linage preached from t h«
following text " I answered, Go thy way for this t ime when I have a convenient season, will call for thee.'*—Arts xxiv. 2T>.
A city of marble
•<	~'"h ! » x:;'üMrr;,,;u,,'::,v,:
ing ; but if to-night you see that you ure w ithin a few yards of I lie vortex, of the splendor of au(j that this may lx* your last hour
—aye, your last moment, y u had N*t-ter clutch with ln*th the handles of the oars, as with a death grip, and, putting the blade* down into ' It black
whole scene affluent with Tyruan pur- waters, pull for your eternal life, cry..........-f'Tr T'; % 2WC«r;
dnik (omp into hi	uianl long wandering away from
wmn by the name of Felix, and beside y t>ur <;nd f Who is that I see tunning
him a woman of extraordinary beau- up
Seek
Vhriist ian,
Christ." He says, get to lx* a young In,,n
Seek Chi 1st.*'
sin of the world
wan John the Baptist, who had
earb othei
as Jehu There is another
course
taken his usual position, intent upon his office, probably us before at Hetha-
bars
n unes Andrew as one (verse 40;) it can
that he himself
the other, but ho nowhere in his

young man
‘Wait until I come to mid-life." meet the saim* person in mid-life, and i> “Seek Christ.' util I I 1 get old." son in old age and say to him Christ." lie says, "Wait until I am on my dying lied." I am called to his dying couch- ills last moments have mine. I lend over the couch and listen for his last words. 1 have partially to guess whit they are by the nin-ly to	guess	whit they	are	by
i lie motion of his lips, he is feeble;	but	rallying	himself,
h* whispers uutil I can hear him "I—<ajn — waiting — for —non ven lent —season—say," gone?
I can tell you when y mi convenient
[	cm tell	you	the
I ca-n	tell	you
I
name is
Peter, i
being a prophery. Which is, by interprétai ion, A stone. It is unfortunate tint we hive not ibis in our Bibles as it is in the Revised Version is, by interpretation, Peter." a promise t hit the natural impulsiveness and fit fulness of Simon sh ill be changed into solid, Pelerine steadfast-
•Wait
lie soya 1 meet th • some pel -
Seek
John
Two of bis disciples
hirdly be doubted
Which
Ibis living the <>r-
trmples of marble din ary architect lire of l he ploci

Here is
was
you
gospel speaks of himself by name. In Galilee and Judea a rabbi without disciple# would not have been entitled to the slightest respect. John the Bap-
direotlng
to follow a new Rabbi. Jesus
may imagine some Governor Felix's resilience

In « morn
>f that palace, floor tesMi'lated, win-
fretted, I lie
ness. i
43.	The day following. We h ive four
days accurately marked in l his chapter (verses 19,	29. 35, 43). According to
Edersheim t he day here specified was the first of the week, the same,as our Sunday. Jesus would go forth into Galilee. Jesus purposed to start on his journey from Bet h-thara, xv here in the valley of I he Jordan not very far from the l>eid S»*a, to the province which was his home, Galilee, the northern of the three provinces west of I he Jordan, the tetrarchy of If rod The preaciil>ed time of his stay in Judea was idoulAless over, besides, he had been invited to a wedding in Cana of Galilee
practical mind
command is given to men of different characterist ice.
44.	Bet hsairla. Fish town n une of a village on I he east l>ank of Jordan, just above the Sea of Galilee, which the t,etrarch Philip rebuilt and n lined Julias in honor of the daughter of Augustus.
45.	Nathnnael. Probably the same flash of recognition had been, ;jpost le wh*n the other evangelists call
h»dp looking upon Bartholomew. Bartholomew is commonly coupled with Philip in the list of a post les. AVe have found him, of deed, these things were true. Behold whum y\u^H jn the law and the pro-
the Lamb of God! This can hardly be phets did write
.....	St! "7ii0iïÆSS .'S
the Messiah. Andrew and John, h	histoiical and the prophetical
vangelist, like all other Jews, expect- ,H)„ks The son of Joseph. Philip did d i lut Messiah to bs u national mili-; not know the circumstances of our
fry „.,iv...r,
onion, Jehoshaphat, Hezekiah, and	t 13 55
Jo.iiah rolled into one. Not even .}#. Can there any good thing corns such good young men as Andrew and ouL 0f Nazareth? Nathanael probably John yet yearned for a Saviour of the kndVV t h it the prophecies had foretold world; it was a king of the Jews th»*\	| k-l tdrth of the Messiah at Bethlehem,
wanted. John the Baptist s teaching Compare chapter 7. 6J. I here is no had antagonized this conception of the	to interpret th“ words as irnply-
Jew.s. lie had sought to create a uni- ,ng particular depreciation of Na-versal senv of sin, to cause the fooling of the need of a universal Savioui.
When multitudes were baptized, confessing their sins, he pointed to a pi r-ticuiar ’salvation to the Lamb ot Gtd which taketh away not the sin of 1 ha Jews, but the sin of the world,. Such e figure of speech, would call the attention of everyone to the spotless Jamb which was sacrificed at the altar in Jerusalem ; perhaps, also,
goat which was periodically sent forth rtk to the wilderness after the nation s sins had been formally placed upon its bead.
Exactly how much of all this was understood by the multitudes who heard John and how much by these disciples
it is impossible to say.
37. The two discip.es heard him speak, and they followed Jesus. I hey did not, however, give up their business interests uni il later. 1 hey did not speak to him at once. The L imb of God was too holy a character for them to intrude upon. The young Master whose shoe latchet their own great master was not worthy to loose was not one to lie rashly approached. They timidly walked after him in the hope of he-Iletter acquainted with him.
Our Lord
knows well w hen a soul takes a step toward him, and is always ready to open conversation with human hearts.
What seek ye? Not ** Whom seek ye?"
What seek ye?’’ For what purpose do you follow me ? He seeks to draw out our desires. Rabbi, which
being later
down nirtuined, ceilings
list had many; he was now some of his own _
30. Looking upon intently; not happening to see
vision
Si
Gazing
— a m .re an 1 he is
1ngs, sat n very
him, hut seeking to
f
mid down in the prison-li'iiise the lost, now trying 1» break through this gate, and failing, turning around
md rushing to the othei grc, and only eighteen years of age, a princess beating against ii, and in despair ery-
hy birth, and unwittingly waiting for ing, "Let me g**i oui?" Mho is it ? ~onie
o il to-night that will not give up his
1 hat
with penetrating
hi# character and nature. John
aome-
tv, whom he had stolen by breaking up another domestic circle
season will o me year—It will I* 1874 iha mom h—it will lie the m nth of
I can tell you whit kind of i d iv it will l>e-it will be the sabbath I c m tell you what h »ur it will will be between eight and ten In other words, it. is now—a word of three letters; but on each an ant h mu, or
onilyze
knew, with more or less distinctness,
lh it the Word has existed from all
with God, that
She was
Itoceiiitief
eternity, that he
God that he had been) in the
that the world had not? known and that he now was about to
to be incarnated in
was
her doom—that of being buried alive
lay
be was world
him
tr indulgences; some soul lu-inghi in (he ashes and scorn of Mount \ es- -H ,j(>1|1(i |iauij nn,j f,by the powers
uvius, which in sudden eruption, one (>f da i k ness, some, soul here t hui has
day, put an end tu lier altomin.it ions « dul ling sin that lie will no ~ 11 M~
Well, one afternoon, hrusilta. seated m	.Tô:,"::d':%
nit y 10 Ins soul, No, y el ; g
his time; when I h i\e a conveni il h* o on, I will call for thee."
A no her reason why Felix sent Fan I back ' o t he guai«trooiii and adjourned ibis subject was, lit
in o chi i ry t unes h • found the
absorbing, but those
I he w he I '
to insurrection. I h
were al-
ia* i
o'clock
Findeth Philip. A • man ol Follow' me. The same
i _iu I ilee. nr a <m>i onation,
IV» you ask
come to his nation a human being, to be, the Lamb of God.
he. had only
or a dungeon, or a groan m» h > v 1 know I his is your convenient
season? f knew it because you h mc, and because the Holy Spirit is li oe. and because the elect sons and (laugh ers of Gird in this church are p aying for y ur redemption, and l**-eause the women of 1 lie church, last I Ini' s lay ufterno >n, especially implored ib' blessing of G id up m 1 he morning an I evening services of to-day. I know il because i his miller was up on F' i lay evening at tbs prayer-me ‘ting, and in i h i preceding prayer-meeting,
\\'e prayed tbit God
the palace, weary with the magnificent stupidities of tlie place, says to Felix : 1 (o “You have a very distinguished pris- en
thy vx v
To his own great surprise the day before this, by vine penetration, recognized this Word of God, I his Lamb of God. this Son of God, in his own cousin Jesus, and he h id so frankly testified
The
are
flash of di
a
I believe, by the name of Paul Ik* you know he Is one nf my country
on»*r
was to vet >
But clear as
men * I should very much like to see busy
him, and I should very much like to affûts of niait
4_ were extr ordinary 1 mes
w 11 ml
i hat
hear him speak, for I have heard much about his eloquence
John could not Jesus again, questioning whether, in
was rip»
Sicurii, u bund of assassins
the other day, when he was being tr.ied ready pox I ng around t h • pa I a a
in another room of this palme#, and t he I suppose he thought. I cant at tend
to
a|f irs of state." I among other thing1, o 1. and f suppose
thousand peopl• in tins house to-night x\ ho are not children uf God b- cause ^ j ill y have m> much business. It is f ^ ^
¦	in the SI OH- - louses gain. , " * „u lh,	taros
'he unfaithful , ni ployé» It is busm SM	tolling. Cut no! your
» 111 y?ur law	subpoenas, wn miHt ,n |>rinrM, neither in I he son of
yoa hue to write oui, pi.ji.-r.. you ban m	wh„m the.re is no help; their
lo Me, arguments you have n. mike. , n,|l|U |h forlh in ,hnl very .lay 1 you me,eu I profession with us |||vjr lhl)UghtB , „risb." Ay. 1 know it broken night s and I lie exhausting .11 <- js r nv(.ni,,„ season I era use some ieliesoi life hanging upon your n it- ( t- Vnl| |	¦¦¦¦¦"
menl It is your re 1 ta'ale "If' e, gl come, upnn you with its sins, business with I .milords and t">- ,|n ( lh, future life r-.nies upon you hows very ants, and the fa.lure of men to in.. ; w.itll itjJ (error. This night air is «glare Governor >b *ir obl g.»t ions xxiih you. Ay. wl' ti yy ^ lnl(.|1PH to show you up or to show ¦¦I'OII»1 Of those xxbo are here, in ne down It is rustling with wings
annoyance uf t h- kitchen and tin* sit- ((| ,ift you into tight, or smite you 1 aul, we have ling-: o un. and the parlour-• h • w ¦ 1 r in(o ,lrs|l,ir anil there is a rushing
"IK economy of trying to meet large t() .in(, f „nd a shouting, and a wail-
1 momn. leu	an(j a leaping, and a falling, and
hus.U’ss hits' I,eating against the door of your diown I he voice of 1 he suu, us wjth a greHt thunder of em-
Ï liter nil spirit, miming     ha<i8 telling you. " Now, now, is the
He might have th advancing eternity, and they ran )(t,g( timfl as it m.iy l)P the only time "
hear, t to y can listen. I h >'	.	. <iuick You have
...................B'T	r«f3
by moonlight, about prison life in look u|wm yuur nierorand urn-books, and j b	time’of irrace his aim si
of thunder. It was the voice of a affairs of glory or perdition? Do you May Gud Almighty forbid that any judgment-day speaking through the no know that when death cornea you : of you, my brethren or sisters, act the words of the decrepit apostle,. As that will have to slop business, though it part of Felix and Drusilla and put grand old missionary proceeded with be in the most exacting period! of it— away 1 his great subject. If you are his remarks, the stoop begins to go between the p rymenl of the money going ' > I* saved ever, why not begin out of his shoulders, rind he rises up, „„d the taking of the receipt. The 1 to-night f Throw down your sins, and and his countenance is illumined with moment he comes you will have to go. lake the lord’s prrdon. Christ Has the glories of a future life, and his Death waits for no man, however high. Ireen tramping after you many a day shackles rattle and grind as he lifts however low. Will you put your of- ! An Indian and a white man became his fettered arm, and with it hurls up- fice, will yoa put your shop in r nwpari- Christians. The Indian, almost as on bis abashed auditors the bolts of ,on wi,h , |le uffuirs of an eternal j soon as he heard the Gospel believed God’s indignation. Felix grew very wo ld! affairs that involve t hrones, 1 and was saved; but the white man white about the lips His heart beat pafaces, .otnlnions eternal. Will you struggled on in darkness a long «hr e unevenly. He put h.s hand to bis p,„	t„„ hundred acres of ground before he found light. After their
and'^eneW histlmug'utl "a" drew “fft y ““Tot tour" Rafts/mU- toThe Tndkn!'‘«Vy w" s'it .hat" I wn, hts robe tighter almut him. as under a lions ,?f 'gPX, „b, Felix. you might bet- kept .so long m the darkness and you
« .Kitts ::œ	-Kr-raSjU'ïSSs
NUMB
tmam
«out, sooner than I will do that." How l*"‘ ?lunce tor heaven. . u.lgrug from
c	" - — «WPLK ARmiw^c.
Besides
ind
I'he "l:ixv" w;l.s a gen-
I
1 bis evening ! would c me by bis Holy Spirit and save your jtMi I a, an 1.	» 1 know this is your
I kn ixv it also from
mi so pressed h y i w a > b m ne h, i h it ruin«d bis i U re h r«* l hree j
windows were open pl a use that greet ed the speech of Law ver Tertullus, as lie denounced Paul
I heard lhe ap
;

.convenient seis >n th.* fact i hat two great national fune-
md the tolling and of t hi*
t

Now, t very much wish I could heat I'aul speak. Won’t you let me hear him speak Î
I ells, one i r * m t h- l! .si ; from t he We t, are
valleys,
Uie
all
Yes,’ su id Felix
I will
1 will order him up now from guard-room
Clank, dank, comes chain up the marble stairway, and there is a shuffle at the door, and in li comes Paul, a little old man, prematurely old through exposure—only sixty years of age, but looking «is though

lik»» Felix, t rein Id e as all your
zareth
VO II
he were eighty. He courteously before t he and the beautiful woman his sill**. 'J hey say
ITALY TO HONOR VOLTA
by
Grand tonlineutnl Klevlrirai K%p(»~lllw" to l»e Hr Id at be Srlvnllsl's Birthplace.
inventor of the discoveries
beard a great deal ultout your speak
ing ; give us now a specimen of y< ur - expenses with a sirnll
t ho IH Ind	of
basin ms

Alessandro Volta
eloquence.” Oh 1 if there ever was a ^ chance for a man to show off, Paul i
i
voltlc pile, and on wh1 >se
ts the mighty superstructure of modern electrical science, is to be honored by his native country—Italy, Early next year, in Como—his birthplace —there will b*. held an elaborate electrical ex|>osition to the memory of the
who in his original
Benjamin
to the scape
had a chmce therr harangued them a bout Grecian ait
no
about the wonderful water-works he
great scientist, researches so interested Franklin, that he made a journey to Italy to learn what he could of electricity from the successful Italian experimenter.
At the exposition, which is to be the principal feature of
centennial in commemoration of his signal discovery, all that most intimately concerns electricity will be treated under twelve general divisions, prolonged by a classa d’onore, illustrating Volta's discoveries through the very instruments and appliances he used, and with manuscript studies written
in his own hand.	v
interpreted, 'phis classa d’onore, including ns it
times, if do»s the art ici s Volta used and siudi-
Uut : “No!”
grand Volta
a
coming 38. Then Jesus turned
hut
is to say,
Master. In
not at once, the title rabbi was eon-j ed( will bring his personality home to
Jesus the student.
' I In the central group will l>e the lav-
studied, several im-unauthorized teacher, portant autograph letters, portraits
Not, what is | taken at interesting periods of the
e_________ __________________________________ _	, medals coined in his
you now stay in the neighborhood of | honor and various favorite articles of John’s baptism? All around were personal property.
booths of wattled houghs, and in The century’s story of electricity will many of them doubt less, rabbis were he told by important electrical doc 11-even now being freely entertained, for ments, publications and manuscripts, nobody would accept money of a rab- moriels, applicants and instruments, bi for lodging.	There will be dynamos, alternators,
39. Abode with him that day; for it transformers, electric motors and theii was about tho tenth hour. So they application to operative machinery had from ten o’clock in the morning electrical, aerial, subterraneous, anc
What a wonderful pri- under water conductors and their ac-

ferred with much ceremony was evidently regarded by the other __ _ rabbis as an intruder, a self-appointed	books 1
master, an
W hr re dwell est thouf	_____
thy permanent home ? but, where do scientist’s life
IK





1
sundow n
vilege was theirs ! and yet not so great lessor tes, apparatus for isolation and as 0111*8, to whom has come the whole security from danger and ways and Gospel. The common Jewish method means for preventing personal injury, of dividing the day from sunrise to jn Class 7 will be electric illuminait into twelve equal hours makes the tion, arc and incandescent lamps, corn-tenth hour about four o’clock in the plimentary apparatus and appliances afternoon. Butt it i« now almost cer- lamps carrying their own accumula tain that John used a dfiferent reck- tors, portable,lamps, reflectors, prujec-oning, which substantially agrees with tive apparatus and beacons, followed by aura.	electrical appliance# and applications
40.	One uf the two. We have at- for traction and propulsion, electricity ready se-m that the other of the two as applied to the telegraph and tele wus probably John. Andrew, Simon phone, oscillation, electric currents, Peter’s brother. Of whom little is metallurgy, therapeutics and general know 11. He was a fisherman of Gali- experiments.
lee, livtd at Bethsaida, and was in bus- j he committee in charge has supple-partnership with his brother mei.tvl this electrical programme by '	another illustrating the chief indus
41.	He fir>t findeth his own bro- try of Como and the north of Italy, ther Simon. 1 he Revised Version ! pecially of the sections devoted to silk makes it, He findeth first,' which raising.
brings the thought that each of these two disciples went to find his own brother, and Andrew found his first.
gzzstx.srsafi&TS	.ijjr.1,
aar%s-*&ws&x "itraç,....
t h.* title of throne whom the Jews es-1 Ihxt acrompl lahment.



4
I
1

mess
Simon
t
l>e
I
the mailed voice


###PAGE###4###
\

I scheme sa a solution of the Irish problem ami promising to legislate solely for the good of the people, Other seta, chiefly ~	1 the laboring class, promises to work,
in the new positions along the old lines for the realisation of home rule.
The Irish leaders are divided, as usual,
SSÜllEliE
po-ea.
The Gquitg.
I
;
SHAWVILLE, JAN. 5, 1899
i
THANKFUL.
JANUARY
X“VA/
\A
F
Wo bog to return our very best thanks to our many friends for their patronage during the year just closed, and assure them that we shall spare no efforts to nier it their confidence and support in future, as we know that in studying their interests we advance our own.
&
t
agitation in the councils.
Hut whether the cause be the years
A ^ ...	• .	. 44 iii unusual prosperity, as shown by the
A Swedish expedition sent out to look nil|roA(1 rü0eiptM the statistics of the hsh-
for Andree has returned from Siberia	Huen or whiskey industries, or the
without finding trace of the daring ex- ooVvvmilent’H concessions, political agi-plorer. It is now over eighteen month# | fation is nt the lowest ebb. since Andree and his companion started on their balloon voyage, to reach the end that so many Arctic voyagers have arriv ed at by sledge and boat—a grave in the eternal ice fields. Expeditions may chance on some trace of their fate, not on themselves.

One Strong Point :
We carry over (into this new year) less old goods than most of stores.
HostUi to the British
T8UNG-LI-Y AMIN GRANTS FRANCES DEMAND T E8P1TB SIR CLAUDE MACDONALL S PROTEST.
Wishing all our friends a very happy and prosperous new year,—
London, Dec. 31.—The Shanghai cor In the North Hasting» bye election to | respondent of the Times says :	11 It is
the Ontario Legishture Mr Allen the officially asserted that in spite of the nro-C -neervative candidate, increased both tests of Sir Claude MacDonald, the Bri-hie vote and malority, compared with tish Minister at Pekin, China acceded to the result at the general election in March the demands for an extension of the ex The Ontario Central Railway manage elusive French settlement in Shanghai, ment issued if» coercive circular telling The result is due to pressure exercised at its employes they muit vote for the Lib- Pekin, and is likely to hamper the nego-rral candidate, with no in >re result than | tintions for the extension of the cosmopolitan settlement in regard to which the Viceroy of Nankin is disposed to meet
the
A paper trust with a capital of $40,000,- I German consuls. The viceroy is greatly 000 is now on the way to be formed to chagrined at the failure of Great Britain control! the mill product in the United to support his determined policy in the
State». Steel, sugar, petroleum, whiskey valley of the ^ ang T se Kiang at and tobacco, and theatrical troupes are portant crisis. Satisfactory conclusions
now controlled by trust*, in spite of the are not likely to result from negotiations I J?Qf f/i# QT6QU&V COII VSHWTICG earnest law making efforts of many states, anywhere in China so long as the person- ' and of congress. It seems to be a case of nel of the Tsung Li Y amen remains, as conflict between the laws of the nation | now, actively hostile to British interests/ and of commerce, in which the statues are getting the worst of it.
Why?
J. H. SHAW.
Because we mark down
all goods that are slow sellers and make Real Bargains for our custom-
to show it was the tool of the Ontario Government.
ers.
Lumber
NOTICE
TO FARMERS.
Sawing.
an un
We begin our annual stocktaking about February 1st, and during the next few days
The undersigned desires to in-
form the public that he has rented
Ralph Hodoins & Sons’ Sewing] we are going through OUr
Plant, at the Shewville Brick and Til# Yard, and also that it la thoroughly equipped for sawing purpoeei. | serviceable lines on our bar-
oj my customers, in addition to my Storehouse at Bristol, I hare erected two new Store
Paralyzed by Disunion
stock and placing many good,
BLAKE URGES IRISHMEN LO STAND BY
Gladstone’s bill.
Recent advices from British Columbia, state that the salmon cannera of that pro rince, are alarmed at the Dominion Gov •rnmsnCs regulations. They say that if the Fisheries Department remains obdurate and refuses to agree to the cannera' suggested amendments all the canneriei on the Fraser River must close down or go over to the American side. This means that a British Columbia industry in which about $3,000,000 is annually spent, will be bodily transferred to the United States.
houses—one at McKee's and the other at Wyman’s— and am prepared to buy all kinds of good, clean Grain, for which I will pay the highest price the market will allow.
London Dec. 29 —The Hon. E. Blake, M. P.f addressing a crowded meeting of Irishmen at Glaecow, said the Irish Nationalist party was paralysed by dis union, and the situation was one of dis* couragement. No one would accept the Irish local Government Act am satisfac* tion for Home Rule. If Irish people were true to the cause, it was the duty of the leaders to unite and also to secure the return of Home Rulers, and
tt s ». * a,	. • a j i reduce British parties to a condition of
The United State, flag wee hoisted in ,it ,0 that the Iriih VütB would
Havana on Sunday, and, practically, have its due weight in the House of Spain's aovereigny in the island of Cuba Common.. Irishmen were satisfied with oame to an end. Spaniards feelings will th„ ealtienlcnt 0ffdred by Mr. Glad,tone, be hurt end Cuban aspiration, disappoint and ehoald ,tBnd firm by it.
#d; but Spaniards feeling and Cuban |	________,___________ |
aspirations had been so long in conflict that the island suffered. There will be a strong hand to suppress disorder tnd protect commerce on the Island henceforth.
I am prepared to do all kinds gain counter. Next week we
of Cuetom Sawing during the Winter wj,j pubhsh a list of real gen-months.
nine bargains.
Satisfaction guaranteed to all
customers at $2.50 per 1000 feet or logs taken In exchange.
L HODCINS & SONS.
JOHN J. MCCLEARY,
SHAWVILLB.
E. OR AH All.
Elmslde, Oct. 17th. 1898
SELLING
CHESTER WHITE HOC
WANTED.
doing to Rome
Mr. N. A. Beloourt, M P., sailed from New York on Saturday for Liverp m!, and
probably forever and it may not be it waa given out that the object of his trip long before the harassed and troublous *aa to argue the appeal to iho Privy people, settling into quiet business, may Council from the decision of the Supreme look back on 1899 s as a happy new Court in the Nicolet election case. Rumor has it, however, that before he returns the member for Ottawa will visit According to the Evénement, there is Rome to obtain the sanction of His Holi-another big Government railway deal in ness to a modified scheme of concessions the wind, and the Inteicolonial is to be to the Roman Catholic minority of Mani-extended tu Georgian IV*y by the Canada toba in the matter of education. It is said Atlantic and the Parry Sound. If thv the mission wa* offered to the Solicitor report is true, it would be interesting t»* General, but Mr. Fitzpatrick chose Mr. see whether Hon. Mr. Blair comes any Belcourt to go in his stead, better out of a business transaction with
Mr. J. R Booth than he has out «-f hi* There is a marked increase in the Old negotiations with other railway magnates Cuuu'ry in the public interest in medical
If intends the deal to g > through, the education, The Prince of Wales has held S H A W WILL E*
eilluistor of Railways would do well to ge» a private meeting at Marlborough House	____ ____ "	CLlSTDOSGCL Of I WOlVt
up his case, at once, so that he will at to consult with the leading members of	'	w
least know what he is talking abcut, when the profession as to the best means of AS W6 CXpeCt to COHlHieilCB ypiCOS tills W66k TîUt C0IH6 he conies to lay the matter before Par lia preventing the spread of tuberculosis, mimirnr nil nr hnfnrn tbo 1 Otb ¦	1
ment.-Montreal Gazette.	“ Polyclinic " is to be started in London	Trt	i	alOHff Rlld Wû WÜ1 Sâtîflfv
for post graduate study of special case?, of December we are now pre-	WWA sawoiy
The Postmaster-General has come over	and opportunities will also be afforded for	pared to	take any quantity	of | VOU	that it	IS	&	ffSBUiUS
5S.“	C SfS	„A	logs anil	shingle wood
postal regulations which permitted the	to fit men	for	service in the equatorial
sending of a letter to the Antipodes for	possessions	of	the Crown. Altogether,	Thanking	our customers for	past	pat	LT	Pr	oftTTTT?
Z	»”«• - b, rt wnwIJ-u-JW,CUu¦UU!k
surdity, and has therefore been moved to of the greatness of the metropolis in other tion to merit a continuance of the same. . p g __A1! ^ccounta not settled by the
nplementnry decree that, be-...ELLIOTT & BARBER. 1#t January will be handed in for colli the first day of the New ¦-. -...... ...... ¦-	¦ —	| lection.
Year, the postal rate shall be a uniform rate of two cents. The regulation will apply to the United States as well as to Canada and other parts of the British empire. The change will involve a considerable falling off in the revenue of the P. O. Department, which hitherto has been unable to sustain itself, so that the advantage to the people is, after all, one of doubtful character. The sacrifice of	,
revenue incurred, which is estimated at | 1H6 UlHi6rSlgllCCl deSlFG tO ÎB-$600,000, will, of course, have to be made up in some other form. With the increased business, however, which is expected to result from the reduced rate, it is expected this deficiency will disappear in the course of three or four years.
I offer for the service of swine breeders my Improved Chester White Hog **Quy Boy," No. 1109. This hog was farrowed 11 _ March, 1898 and took first prises at the Shaw-ville and Beach burg exhibitions. He Is no kin to the hog I had last year. Service foe-one dollar for first how sod fifty second. Sows may be returned If
HENRYT. MCDOWELL.
Lot 4. Range 6, Clarendon
OUT.
AT ONCE.
OU
2th
ANY QUANTITY OF
cents for
year
Sawlogs and Shingle Wood
I intend going ont of the Grocery and Confec-
PURB BRED
rS5“4riCHESTER WHITE HOC
department at Cost price
Elliott & Barter’s MOI
OB.
The undersigned offers for service to any
and under, until all is	^0™M.'-'X"
—One dollar.
I have ultto for «ale nine pure bred Chester Whitt? Pigs, six week* old, at $5 00 per pair. These pigs are larger than ordinary pigs at two months old.
GEORGE TO WELL,
Breeder of pure bred Chester White Bwlne, North Clarendon
Chester White Hog for
Service.
sale and no humbug.
The undersigned offer* to farmers the service of his well-bred Chester White Hog. Fee—one dollar.
GEORGE SOMERVILLE.
Lot. 7, W liar ge Thorne
issue the su
ginning wit
BUSINESS
CHANGE.
ÂfèMS FOR TME
mum»
?
NEW
GOODS
Furniture Furniture Furniture
NEW
GOODS
>
A'
form the people of Shawville and surrounding country that they have bought I out the Tlnsmlthlng Business and Stock I RDI DOW receiving &U(1
of Mr. HARRY PERRY, In Shawville, passing into stock a complete range and that they Intend carrying on the Qf
same In the old aland—opposite the Russell House. By strict attention to business and square dealing they hope to merit a fair share of the publie patron-
5
s

*
(
A
xV

5
XxV
9,
FALL GOODS
good quality and
f
Uk
w z
Irish Experiment
7,
i

MS
age
OF ALL LINES
of all styles at
THE INITIATION OF THE LOCAL GOVERN
MENT.
C
THE STOCK comprises a NICE Li>K of To which I wish to call the attention of A	¦	-	_
COOKING. BOX AND PARLOUR my customers and the public generally. AlliaZlIlgly LOW PllCOS
Marlin Repeaters
Top#, shedding water like a
mation about powdsre.black and smoke- .7
psttfasspancstf. $
Kondon, December 31.—The New Year brings Ireland the greatest experiment since Catholic emancipation, namely the initiation of the Local Government act, | STOVE FURNISHINGS,
COOKING UTENSILS,
TINWARE, AGATEWARE, &c
-STOVES-
gy The goods have been selected with great caro and bought at close figures, and it is my intention to share both of these advantages with intending purchasers.
FOR CASH.I
.“.'.s;
which really in many of its features, is an extension of the emancipation acts and policy. The fences throughout Ireland are placarded with the addresses of the membership of the district councils, which the act establishes, and appeals from landlords the former grand juries .	ni TP
are posted beside those of tenant farmer (JEU. W. DA Lb. and laborers. While strict parties lines I
are not yet drawn, there is a distinct line/	P. T.—The Highest Cash price paid for
of cleavage, one set in which the land- ] Hides and Pel ta. lord class predominates, hailing the) ahawYlils.N»r.II,Use.
?
JAMES MCARTHUR,
—of all kinds satisfactorily done, at
MODERAI! PRICES.
ROBT. A. DALE.
SILAS YOUNG, C^Starke’s Comers.
For Prices on MARLINS, (may ealibre) consult
YOUR NEARRRT DEALER. 4
?
###PAGE###5###
1
Pore-tired Berkshire Hog
Satisfaction or
Your Money Back.
FOB SERVICE.
™ C. F. H000INS
J
Tiie undersigned offerepor service hie pure-bivii Berkshire Hog. Fee One dollar.
UKOP/iKCATEH,
Hhawville.
There is a difference in Guarantees.
Some are only vague promises made by salesmen with nothing back of them. We put a guarantee card in the pocket of each garment, which is as strong and binding as a Notarial Contract. Here it is :
JDEADY
DEPARTMENTAL STORE
—FOR—
mhn Winiop Tpoilfl
1110 H ill lui 11 uuui
¦ ¦ ¦
me#
THANKSGIVING
This card ia a Guarantee that the cloth in thl» garment haa keen thoroughly SPONGMD and SHRUNK and the workmanship ia fully guaranteed.
H. SHORE Y À CG.

o
JnTKNDINU PURCHASERS will find me t now in resdlneee for the approaching Winter trade with a large block of
4 4	4.1
S
close of our most successful year we cordially thank our numerous customers for their patronage. Our stock for 99 will be kept up to the highest standard and we solicit your custom for the coming year.
m uiti

CUTTEK8
5horey 5 Ready-to-Wear Clothing
**<>t up in the latest and most stylish designs and finish.
An Inupecllon of theae flrat-claMS Riga ia re-apectfully Invited.
can be purchased from at least one reputable dealer in every town and village in Canada.
Ask for Shorty’s Ready-to-Wear Clothing and insist on seeing the Guarantee Ticket.
o
January Clearing Cash Sale.
----o----
As usual 1 am prepared to execute all orders for
Our stock is pretty well shaken, but there are no culls in the following lines :
Ladies’ Fur Jackets,
Pure Wool Blankets,
Mits and Moccasins,
Men’s Overcoats,
Ulsters and Furs.
We offer our Winter Goods at prices that will be
Inducement to Intending purchasers.
Sloops, Sleighs, &c.,
Shorey’s Ready-to-Wear Clothing can be obtained from the following firms :
H. S. DOWD, ..
G. F. tiODOINS,
O’MEARA BROS.
paul McNally,
F. A. MAYLONEY,
or anything in connecti >n with tho Blscksmithing buaines*.
Qcyon.
Hhawvillk,
Bryson.
Campbell's Bay Chapeau.
# #
ARTHUR SMILEY,
HAWV1LLE, (|tE,
| Another British Success
Public Notice
Shawville
Sash and Door Factory.
McCredic & Eodgms, Proprietors.
THE REMNANT OF THE MAHDI 8 ARMY
DEFEATED
Province of Quebec,
Municipa lly of Clarendon.
Public notice la hereby given that
Ing of the proprietors of real estate and .	__n . oa i i ..	,
householders of ihls municipality will be L-airo, Dec. oO.—Information has reach*
ninety nine, at the hour of ten In the morn* Dervishes under Emir Fedil. Colonel
LL7‘- h“ *•„ P«"ui-8 Fedil and hi.	^ .	,
and w.c. mcdow«ii, E«qr,.. who.. iorm- of follow.», oompriimg the remnant, of 1 banking the public for their liberal patronage in the
expired-Qlven at Sbawvllle thl. the Dervish army, up the Blue Nile ever .	,	.	®	, b
aQDd^dVnd nTn«T,.ï,hIT thou“nd *,fbt .in*, th. rout of th« Khalifa at Omdur- Past and trusting to receive the same in the future, we are
bWh MATHK80N,r I mam £Jf**™* lhet Fedl1’*de,eet | always alive to your interests, and come forward better prepared for 1899 than ever before.
a meet

H«Khes. Doors. Mouldings, Blinds, etc., manu facta ed to order.
All kinds of Matching and Planing done on shortest notice.
Estimates Furnished.
o
SEE HERE !
¦
May be Wap In the Transvaal

Farmers, look to Your Interests |	E,roLMH **¦> | Wishing one and all
and get your Cattle Dehorned.
A IIappv and Prosperous New Year,
Pontiac Pacific Junction fir.
Johannesburg, Dec. 29.—The situation Mr. W, J. Starke, the cattle buyer, may# in the Transvaal brought about by the
B5S3SSIG F HODGKENS
i rj&r
Let the women and children on the	v	V2 “	t^hrT “*
English side be sent away from the city	-	3 1	\\	Quyon .
SHAWVILLE. and with them those persons evilly dis-1	_	- 1	. Î ^__________________________________££	..	ïr'ln*9
____________ posed to ue. Then let Johannesburg bel	¦	-	- ' ,Mi,:r •	— 6.58	Bristol
, destroyed and the perpetrator, of the tur	A Story 0* Ool. BoONTflt.	| J.ne C.kebread, the holder of tie rM -	8hSw"tl*e
i bu hnee. her. be taken and thrown into	---(A' "¦	I world', record for drunkennesa. ia dead 1*5	“	Cl»rV8
¦ (h. shaft. of their own mine.. Let Johan A corra.pond.Dt of th. New York During the last forty year, .he wa. tre •• c«mpb«ir8 Bay nesburg bo converted into a rubbish heap Tribune telle the following anecdote of convicted 300 times, and must have spent 8.12 ••	rvinton
ae a tom batons to the authors of our Colonel Roosevelt: “ I think it was in at least a dozen years in prison. The	\\
#,T .	.	1890 that I spent the night in a cabin on	most interesting period of her career	was	8.55 Arrive Walibam
.	The Johannesburg Star u	more mod-	the eastearrt	shore of Kootenai Lake,	when Lady Henry Somerset undertook to	• Flag Station, trank,	rriaiz	Station
erite in its «xpressions, and	warns the	Another man	had sought retuge there,	reform her. Jane was not reformed,	but	n
OTTjrpQt	Poet that its violent tone will	precipitate	who said thht	he was a trapper aud that	the home in which she was placed	was	Connecting with Hull	Electric Railwry
kJUillJ s crisis.	he had just come down from a point in utterly demoralized. She was sent to the at AJlraer
OTTTmO	#	the Selkirks, where he had accompanied lunatic asylum, after she had kicked in
bUilb	eniiMi. «.w	Colonel Rooaevelt on a bear hunt. The two ribs of the doctor who examined her.
W LU go to tno Courts	Colonel had heard that there existed The Pall Mall Gazjtte said she had been
there will bo cut in the Georgian B ly district this winter, for Michigan mil a, about one hundred and fifty million feet of logs. If the embargo placed upon the industry by the Ontario Legislature attempted to be enforced il is proposed by the owners of the logs to test the con stitutionality of the act in the courts.
o
Official Time Table :
AM
Arrive 9 45
921
9.06
8.5#
L. D. DAVIS,
M
8.50
849
8.29
Dec. 27,1898
8.14
80S
4 4
802
SUITS
SUITS
SUITS
7 52
7.31

14
7.18
7.16
«•
7.06
6 54
*«
6. se
Leave 6.:K)

P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL 8CPKRIN1ENDENT
PATENTS
the Gazette thought better of it and apologized. Jane Cakebrcad returned to her evil ways, and if she did nut die in prison was not long out of it. She was a standing example of the inadequacy of the British criminal system to deal with the vice or disease of inebriety.
The Ottawa Citizen gives the Queen city a rap over the knuckles in the
came across
ihis bear rather unexpectedly, and that ihe animal charged them “ You know Colonel Roosevelt is very near-sighted, and he carries more kinds of ie I glasses than an Englishman; one pair to 18 read with, one to shoot with and another to wa'k with. When the bear charged us he had on his walking glasses, and
when I told him that the beam was upon , ,,	.	——
him he cooly took off these glasses, fold- i °»in* manner:—Net content with id them up, put them away in his pock- | lta e^,)rte to take the Parry Sound trade
away from Ottawa, Toronto proposes to
build aline to Pembroke to reach out fur the trade in that direction. Hogtown is rapidly becoming impressed with the truth of Mr. C. Berkeley Powell's pro phecy, uttered in the legislature last summer, that Ottawa is going ahead and is bound to beat the provincial c pital. But her frantic efforts to divert trade from its natural channels to that neck of the
(PROMPTLY SECURED
IN PRICE FOR THE NEXT
He added
Write for our interesting books " Inventor’s Help" and “How you are swindled.” Send us a rough aketch or model of veur invention or improvement and we will tell you froe our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. We make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION & MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
Civil à Mechanical. Fnfrinrrrs, Graduates of the Polytechnic School of Engineering. Bachelors in App led Sciences, Laval University, Members l atent Law Association American WaVr Works Association, N«w Enviai.d Water Works Assoc. I*. Suiveyors Association, Assoc. Member Can. Soolvty of CtrU Engineer#.
OFFICES :j
Thirty Days.
Save money by securing a suit while the low rate lasts— only thirty days.
Frozen to Death
et, took out and wiped hie shooting g es and put them on as quietly and delib erately as if there was not a bear in the entire country. By the time he had got his glasses adjusted the bear was near, and he pulled up hia gun and killed him in hi# tracks, and did not seem in the least bit excited.”
lass
A TAM WORTH, ONT. LAD H SAD FATE WHILE HUNTING.
NEW YORK LIFE B'LO'C.. MONTREAL CAM. ATLANTIC BUILCWC., WASHINGTON, D.C.
Tam worth, Ont., Dec. 27.—The sad news reached the village last night that Jno. Parks, aged eighteen, had been fro-son to death on Saturday, Dec. 27»h. S&l j Young Parks with his father went to Cross Lake on a hunting trip. On the follow
C. FRAME.

A cruel story comes from Paiis. It woods down on the peninsula will not have I ’* a fltnry calculated to shake the confi-any effect. Things aru coming our way I dance of- trusting American girls in foreign and Toronto is getting pocketed in the | heiress-hunters. ^ iscomte de Boyer has race for commercial supremacy.	had the audacity to impeach the genuine-
T4 , -	.	. . .... ,	~	_ ness of M e# Anna	Gould’s hustaod'e
London, Jan. 1.—The eminent	astron- „ , ".uh'of tClmperUl penny po.Uge,	CO,t her	»15 000-000
=-1 m
hi hnri^nî.	w.fh the	^	have their drawbacks, and cheap postage more than a thousand millionth part of
be buried m the Indian cemetery with the ^ york Dec 20,-The tiniest la»a wUl hardly make up for dear tea.	the total ndiation of the sun's raya. If
napkin would make a complete drees	for	R8n H ’ *T	, were placed at a point	on which this trim-
U. tlott, Liberal, by over 4UU.	I endous heat could be	focused, it would
^	_	e : melt at the rate of three hundred millions
TAB Citizen IS Ottawa S of miles of solid ice per second, and the
Ad- beat ia estimated to generate energy at the rate of about ten thousand horse power to every square foot of surface.
He Sees our Finish
mg Monday the lad got separated from his father. On Monday morning, nothing having been seen or heard of him, a search party started out. After a week the young man was found lying on his coat frozen to death.
Â. J. JACKSON.
THE 8EA WILL LEAK INTO THE CENTRE AND OLD EARTH WILL BLOW UP.
He
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
O
An Old Chief done
t
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLYATTENDEDTO. j ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
The Heat of the 8tuu
0
R8T-CLASS WORKMANSHIP AND SAT-
It is rumored in Sherbrooke that Judge Lemieux has quashed the twenty nine judgments obtained against Msthieu the Windsor MileV druggist for infractions of the Donkin Ae\ holding that the District Magistrate was not justified in imposing more than one penalty—instead of twenty nine. If the rumor ia true It will he e hard blow for proeeouten under the Dumkih Act
IS FACTION GUARANTEED.
her
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF TH1
hter of Mr. o. 1686 Dean
22 %1 UiDrao D“Lr plPMt
This tiny girl is the daug and Mrs. Thoe. Rixon, of Nc
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
VBRTI8B IN IT.




###PAGE###6###




HOW ROYALTY MOURNS.
Wearing of (he Green.
NEW WEAPON.
Horseradish Sauce —One dessert -
spoonful of olive oil, same quantity of	,
SS£Sfir« ™3"rq 1=.--~«JS
Gravy for Roast Meats.—After taking	army, an officer who distinguished	( ourta of monnrchlal lands have their fashionable jewels, though the com-
out meat, pour off fat ; add water, sea-	himself in the Franco-German War and	vmontnl precepts and a fixed rule blnation of turquoise and diamonds li
A severe paroxysm of coughing may *°U	thlcken_™‘^h f,uur*	is	on	the retired list, is the inventor	\tor conducting court mourning.	The	juat aa popular as ever. Emeralds,
eften be arrested by a tablespoonfulof HEAD OF HOME AFFAIRS.	of	an	appliance which renders cannon	< »ce»s« of the monarch or his	wife	ot courue, come first in the catalogue
glycerine In a wineglass of hot milk. A wom;,na home muit U an *,,**•-*"<» rifle» not bnly flameless, but ab- m,,»ns six months of mourning by the | and uU lhe prominent American Jewel
Cocoa U now much used in the place sion of her own taste, and must prove «uiute I y noiseless "bon disch u tv'd.	Ir# Ct^r(. «nd six more months to era are sending over their agents to
oi ahoooUte for Icing cake. The icing Is the fact of her economy of time and Smokeless powder we have got nc- roilow, whan only the members of the buy what they can at the «ale of the made by beating the whites of two strength and money. She must not ^tomed to, but the doing away with royal family mourn.	late Empress of Austria's effect». The
eggs and mixing with them nearly a fee, beraell 8Uperior to the most careful the ooiao	ls tt ve, J forwar<1 bhould a *)r,noe or Vrlncsss die great contents of her casket are to be die-
eup of powdered sugar. Add two planning, nor reject the most trifling wtep indeed in adding to the effective- mourning consists of but six months, p,**d nf soon, and as she possesed some Seaepoonfuls of cocoa.	means towards accomplishing success nesa and terror of the weapon.	-luce for the entire court and three af the finest emeralds in Europe, this
Or an icing that is equally nice and. in -	.management ; indeed,	sue	r*»***tin# the appearance of	niore for the-imperial family.	ami* fulls uiuev opportunely* Among
really orwfwj smne i> mane with- abould be proud of an ability to make	tbe gun can ^ fmM ut n'gUL Nvl\ee* * r*lative prince of an outside	her stones are also one or two fine
out nriy eggs. Boil f< ur taLlespooufuls a nickel go Hfl far Q8 ,Possible, and so I without showing its position to the principality dies leaser court mourn- green diamonds and green sapphire#
ef granulated .sugar with the same oi, the mnchiner.v of service that it *nemy, a,ld therefore the position of Ing is observed, consisting of but thir- that would bring a top price in th« quantity of water for a minute, then	to run itself.	farce using it, while the abolition ty days; and, again, for a prince, not United States, where there are few of
add a teaspoon	ful of	vanilla and	two	When the head of home affairs can	^ the nota» reduces to a minimum the	a relative, only fourteen days are de- these rare gems, and those are verj
teaepooafuls of	cocoa,	boil	a	minute	arrive &t thia point ot experience she	pœaibility of an enemy discovering by j	voted to the wearing of crape. small.
Wager and the icing is ready for use. reason to be proud of her manage- meHM tho whereabout# of a gun The great mourning at court requires The revival of interest in grees Hare is a way for cleaning glove» mtvnt aaya an exchnnffe. It is possible fir#d in dayli*ht frum und^ cover* Jha< no feetivities shall take place with- 8tones has prominently brought for that is both successful and cheap for one who at the si art did not pos- Incidentally this latter consideration m the royal house during the first warcj the peridot, which is really thi Have ready a little new milk iit asauo- seas the faculty of running things with- is an advantage for the soldiers by re- three months. Not even grand dinners indbin chrysolite, and is a clear, deeg cr end a piece of towel or cloth fold- out fuse to bev<.me through n aming moving the din, which must unques- or luncheons are allowed. Then the leaf-green in color showing almost yel
rs	—-—-	rn 1 .u „ u.«
srsrr'1"m k"rb'° °r ™ x™SuuT^r,m,
«¦	BE
â*.==~H5 iPüsfeœ
-tton in .h» little notch,» in the The baby b,i^,is ««.l.l.red the %% aholVof^uctl, the « ("a- ™glo^provid^'iheTareln "“women who can not quite afford em-•.iges of the .yools provided for that	necessary belonging to baby s meter as the cannon and in the ms de oivl|Un gafb	Lralds or peridots and yet wi.h to
purpose. If thi» is not dunes the thread, outfit There are three varieties now is a shutter working on a pivot wmen ,n 8ij[ more weeka the ladie8 drop Kliare In this universal wearing of the peeially silk, will he likely to un- favored—the usual flat style, the ham- normally lies in a hor zi P	•	their vsll entirely ; the military mem- green, have made very faiJblonable
fe-HsrJST» EHFHSS-S
ems a sm&ll matter, but it is aU judgment in the selection of decorative shell is ejected m the ordinary, way, ^ replaced by ailk or at|aa of the aame of the great lakes, or diluted creme-iht«e little worrit that wear upon the fabric» and tints, and also in the meth- but y* overwhelming prwureoiine 0o,0Ur> but a|waya dosed at the neck, dementhe. Good taste has settled it
Ihv hair ha» been shaken out counter- ciennee lace, are the most popular de- muzzle and is forced bock to escape	Cftn there be muaio.	stone drinks up the faint pretty colads lhe tendency to dryness that 1» corations; personal taste, however, may with greatly «limun liv»	® 6ix month» of this mourning is sue- or of the central setting. Instead,
Em e#S -	SSîSw ESEEBE/E
ot the most prolific sources of have been the favorite colors for baby round tlui middle of the barrel which blaok otheT |atlias nnd gentlemen be-1 very pretty, dandruff, and any treatment that se- luxuries, bitt the pretty shades of completely disperses t ie m a < ing allowed to dress according to the While choosing green as the autumn
•<-y r^îigai; !L olherTvll ‘tâ	ttnd *«llow Ulti no" moat ‘,opu | ^huLckw.rd rush of the gas also hel«ht ot fashto“__.	otK
rrEHESHEï B.r&xirvs™“rrJTLSE
r~“ '¦	h,t* 1 jfsijsryj'Sto jSttfi.?“bKT	—.—	"--"t *- *»—»*•*•-	^ ssijssl. , s,
, while the top one is fitted up with	UNCONCIOUS CRITICS.	wu.s the daughter ot t lu gi m « u » trifles. Square in shape, not larger
lX^ 11 ^ 'Tear of meat; fold flap J pockets and cushions for the toilet ac-	of Hesse, and married the czar on No- than the palm of the hand, and have
aveund to thick part, and secure with oessoriea.	There Is no better critic of woman’s vember 14	1894 The wedding took a told over the fhfp The costliest are
mma
ESE^HP ESheeII
Ut from rmV return “to	! provided for hot and cold water and tlre' But the® m«n not olwsjs t attends to state affairs in her pre- u by some means colored and then has
Vr^n^trlrj, L^on Lnd ^	mal“ «“ d— »f the opposite aex a 8ence.
Roast most all other I	___ careful study, and to one man who can The czarina is a woman of great in- Chatelaines waver in and out of
differentiate between passementerie tellect. In spite of the fact that she fashion with all manner of queer addi-and galon, or scientifically explain how known as one of the great beau- tlons to, and curtailments of, their
X1 !“• K"°* "°d «- pr"T. S'°~?lJu.r£r.ii it
not tell a last year's gown from one bettUty even at a tender a«e* bhe bda man will wear hanging from her belt three years out of date, or a toque from always made a study of statecraft. She now. The bag is the shape of the a bonnet. And, as a rule, it is just has at her finger's ends the history ot PUTSe described above, only a trifle these individuals whose opinions are European civilization, and, is well read ,,arger and . eltbt?r meUl or leather, the strongest and criticisms more fre- in the literature of sociology and pol-	mirror 1» & disk of marvelously
quent on the habiliments of their wo- itioal economy. Intellectually the su- polished silver or steel, circler and
mankind. A man of this stamp will pexior of the czar and the equal of any nAa[1 ^	' !l® M	°*
remorselessly denounce his wife's co»- of his ministers, she has played an ffoblet. It is usually h i ked with gold tume as a "rag." or tell his sister he Influential part in the development of ?r ®“ver, and on ibis h u k is set one wishes she would not go out in that the empire. The recent schemes for 1“-rfi^ .i^wel, preferably an emerald. In "drabby thing." He will grumble that the exploiting of Russian industries, ™ f.Lrst instance, these gorgeous his w ife looks "all to pieces' —a favorite which have made it evident that Rus- utensils were designed for use when form of masculine criticism—and damp eia will some day be one of the world’s	5>r theater-going,, and when
her spirits by telling her that her very greatest centers of industry, have been transit from house to house is made in latest gown does not "look right some- here according to the gossips. Against » carriage, bu. they glitter by the side how," yet by no manner of means can her policy of commercial development or many a charmingly dressed pedes-take a quiet hour in the afternoon or	he describe what is amiss or what he ha» )*m d matched that	of Muravieff rT n "? ,	36	lUs-v	sl1,1)!,ii‘g	days
evening. Chink over wh., -h. i. going	ft*	V5 Œ°“nd	working t„	5-,"A	w^th.
to say, and write a lettei which will badly," "that color is unbecoming to gel her the prime minister and the em- ^ lIl8,18°*	y taken their place,
carry cheer and comfort to some one you," "those gloves are ill-cut,” may press have frequently been at outs with ootueiicate diamond ortiaments set on Graliam Cream Toast—Cut six slices |n need of strength, In like manner, occasionally bore his family with his each othtxr. The woman usually wins,	still in evidence, hor
üsü mm
u pln h 'f	P°ur ,,ver ’oast, j about them. The way to get things , "awfully well Ln some greeny arrange- to disguise herself and her husband lin iUr ^	^ neck and fastens
done is to do them, and the way to ment," which, on their womankind and with him make excursions a la	T* , hln y,?	n®at lx>7
lie sure of doing them is to set apart making acquaintance with it, proves Hanoi n al Raschid about Moscow or ?.	ribbon is made
an hour on which nothing else en- to be a muddy blue in a cheap mater- St. Petersburg.	Jt ; «° «"mJ u gH( w,l,b flam(îSlB'
crouches, and never to suffer anything tal, while a gown that has cost infinite	_	*_^	? )ck ve,.vet he be ribbon
mmmm
wit^h lhe stimulating life they are en-	Well, well, and so they can make them
^Not* to multiply instances, we all	**** now.
have relatives and connections of our family in distant lands, on business or travelling for pleasure, or working at some far-off statlon^-cousins, sisters, brothers, to whom a letter will be as a message from heaven. We may well have an ambition to make our family letters as delightful, as sincere, and unique as possible.	1
HOUSEHOLD.
SOME HELPFUL HINTS
«
*• 4
1
e«i three' or four time». On the cloth
A handsome peridot la diffi
ui tone
cult to come by in this day, when the
Cl
and spoiled
tifrice for the teeth aleansaa th* teeth but whitens and hardens |he gum».
Always keep the ends of silk and
BABY BASKETS
i
TESTED RECIPES
U?'
butcher saw off about half bone. Cut
•ir#: i
net

Fprinkle
• *Y
SB with
bet* #t onoe
ate iff MiDA way
Chicken & la Italienne; — Common batter, remains of chickens, 12 tomatoes, one cup of broth, two table»poon-
fuls of onion chopped, one tablespoonful of parsley, one saltspoonful each of «alt, white pepper, Royal thyme and summer savory, one tablespoonful of
email pieces ; dip into batter and fry crisp in plenty of lard made hot for the purpose
HOW IT 18 BEST DONE
The best way to keep up regular correspondence in the family is to write on certain days to certain people. Perhaps there may be a sister or an aunt who has more leisure than the others, and to her may be safely deputed the duty of writing to the absent ones. Let her arrange her plans, if she be the family amanuensis, in such a way that y know and tell all the family news, and not only that part which is most entertaining to herself.
She will not sit down in a hurried moment and dash off a* letter, but will
Cut remains of chicken into
Serve with Tomato
eauee
Orange Sherbet.—Five quarts of water, four pounds granulated sugar, four beaten eggs, juice and grated rinds *f four oranges and juice of two lemons. Beat sugar and eggs together, then add water and grated rinds. Freeze like ice cream, iuloe of oranges and lemons should not be added until the mixture begins to freeze.
she
Mil
The strained

cover and serve.
Coffee loe Cream.—One quart l>est eream, half pint of strong Mocha coffee, 14 ounces white pulverized sugar,
yelks eight eggs. Mix these ingredients In a porcelain-lined basin. Place on fire to thicken. Rub through hair sieve into n basin. Pour into freezer and freeze.
Oyster Pie —One quart of oysters,
drained, pepper, salt and butter to taste.
One quart flour, two tablespoonfuls
lard, one tablespoonful salt, mix with water for pie crust. Butter plate, then line pie plate with crust ; fill with oysters, seasoned, put over e cruet and bake.
Gravy for Turkey. —Boil giblets very tender, chop fine, then lake liquor, in which they were boiled, thicken with tiour, season with salt, pepper
end a little butter. Add giblets and dripping in which turkey was roasted.
Breaded Mutton Chops.—Trim neatly, cut off all fat and skin, roll in beaten egg, then in cracker crumbs, and fry in hot dyipping. Turn as the under side browns, drain and serve.
FOND HOPES.
Do you imagine the time will ever cotne when the women will attend td all the business and leave the men at home to do all the cooking and much I
iœSs ïssajnfesaffl
ASSASSINS IN INDIA
Even in far-off India the assassin Is
The Earl of Mayo, Gov-
UNSATISFACTORY SHOPPING
PLACE.
not unknown
ernor General of India, was
ed by Shore AIL a convict In the Andaman Isles, in 1872, and an attempt was made to assassinate Lord Lytton while Viceroy of India in 187A	,
/

###PAGE###7###
SOMETHING ABOUT ANTICOSTL
HuCnAnelo	OOULWTT SCRATCH.
—Jf v wJ	Çl I CL	Little Ruth was looking out of the
m _¦	¦	window at the baker'» horse. Mamma,
ê SSrSFSIsa^ S5SI Mms-M-Ï
island may rise to the dignity of a I the stomach, purifies the blood and Persillt^» 1 don’t see what he d< bone of contention between France and ! puts tho whole digeilivw apparatus in ' w^tin n08e etches.
England, tha letter is e.spvci.illy in- | JJJ. condition Why should you or
-«•tin* .t this time. It S«y.:- Miseries M.pSVh,» Tcur’e m"y H,T "f T™,	^
Anticosti is an island about 140miles be yffe'.Ud so easily and so promptly cee<^ 10 wlnnlllg 1,1,1 1^" ki ogham s oon-
long with a maximum width of 30 by taking this medicine. No matter \**nt to masT* daughterÎ The
have been wrecked on Its shores, which other preparations fail to do any good hire a most unenviable reputation
The land la gener
JUST ONE WORD:
It M«7 Beewme # Hone of ton ton (Ion Be
IwrfN rniiirf «id Keigluml.
THB QUALITY OW
LUDELLAc?,an
irl
ues
is unmatchable and always the same.— Lead packages.
*5> 4°. 50 &600.
Wilkins & Go
wheel apart, cleaned it and stored it away for the winter.
- Hood’s
Sarsa-
par 11 la I	husband, said Mrs. Jimson, is al-
wuyjs complaining that I can't cook is well as his mother did. Does ytmr
husabnd annoy* you in that way Î Not at all, replied Mrs. Spiff ins. My husband is able to hire a woman to do the cooking at our house.

•mong manners.
illy swampy or rocky, with numerous •mall lakes; end the most notable hills	8,14 bj •"
are about 601) feet high. The value of------------ -----------------------
the island itself, except for a strip Hood’s Pills J,™ a "t	thar
of spruce forest along the north shore,
Is small. That of its surrounding waters is by no me ins contemptible, and little groups of fKhsrmen have taken up their residence on its shores.
It is the treatment of these people
—V »
f
«.
rar -,


A •

It is tbe little tha£ a man wants here below that's always the hardest to get
The grandchild's voice will always be raised in defence of the mother-in-law.
It looks queer, but tha liest manat a wedding isn't the one who gets mari
PAISLEY AMAZED Send for Illustrated Price List.
MOUTH ORGAN -SfJS™' ISl'iTTe‘'Vi0*'*""'’M",h 0,,*°,or *•
By the Extraordinary Statement of I Unœ-tooth law r "hIIJÆ'II*W	kkï .Âw^ae'I^^
a Resident	I	axes ### each.
by the new owner of the island that has given rise to the present discussion. Anticosti, like other territories in Qu* bee, was granted by tha King of
France to an assigneur. The French- As a child the race-goer's horse Canadian seigneurs, it may be remark- a hobby, and as a man his hobby is a ed, were not in the position of English horse freehold landlords. Their tenants, who
Horse "racing Is a peculiar thing; the majority of the hyraes La In it.
WILKINS & CO.,
& race are not
Ee Proves Ike Troth of Els Halm-Says
Dodd’s Kidney Pills Absolutely Cere
i66-i68 King St. East,
was
TORONTO.
teattma.
The revolts of intelligence are more I P&i^Wy, Jan. 2.—This most extraor-dangerous than the insurrections 0f dinar/ and startling statement warn ignorance.	made in public by one of our most I -
Th* man never lived who didn't ei- uld|?ly	Md Prosperous men of
SS.‘£i» S. ,1" ™“|
^ SfKtr	I «3®*-
ur> o decide.	“What do you mean V9 asked one of
A writer says there is a great deal of I his friends, character in politics—but he doesn't specify the kind.

Wm. Millar AC*.
Manufacturers of #a#e Csesu Oflet. Store, mem# and ¦#?#! Flat#res, Jw-
23 Alice St. Teroata.
paid nominal rents, were not liable to be evicted at will, and could sell their farms if they paid 8 per cent, of the price to the seigneur. This aemi-feudal system was abolished in 1864, the Canadian Parliament voting £5U0,00U as compensation to the signeura. Long before that—about the end of the last century, in fact—the aeignenrij of Anticosti passed from its French grantees to a Scottish family, the Forsyths, who held it till 1884.
AT WHOLESALE PRICES DUV r\ V Bead for oqr eaeelal li*t. THE HOWELL BOOK COMPANY
M-SS Adelaide 8t. W , Toronto.
British Plato Mirrors, is. It to
as a
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
M
INERALS TESTED
EPPS’S
GRATliFUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA
MILTON HER EY. R A. Be ,
II Bt. Haora mss I 8U, Montreal, Qee.
“I mean that I am as safe from the BeekHminr,)¦•niyear¦aeaiinse,bat#thema agon tee of Diabetes, so long as I use Priming, (bo.,1 bui	l
Solomon was the wisest man in his JJ(x,d® Kidney Pilla, as I would be day, but then, of course, that was long from ^°e at mg of a mosquito, if I wore H^è»m#jges mielq >1 us ï ¦***. w k , n# -st. HamUtoe
SEh-» :5beEbeh
T f .	.	,	of a case that occurred a few doora
v'° h !iri1 two handkerchiefs are from my own house, in this town, courts, and was bought for £20,001) by the only Ingredients necessary to com-	“Mr. James Thompson, who is well
Mr. F. W. Stock well, who was joined pound & silly flirtation.	known to most of us, suffered from an
by his brother in an attempt to develop It is said the whisper of a beautiful extreme case of Diabetes for several
its resources. In lh#d th** island wag woman can be heard farther than	the	years, lie was so ill he couM scarcely	ST&VniYIAV*firS"><»> And will uik if
taken over by a London company, “the loudest yell of duty.	move. He tried nearly every remedy	*****"""""**"	™ the* willacme and
G,°?rtn0r Hn.d C.TpanT, 0f '>hl8l,;°d It doesn't cause a man's freart to !“ ,he market, without effect. Not.c- &*SSTK'StXX&Z?«VST!PT' of Anticosti.	Ibis entjrpibe having overflow with joy as he meanders home IF* an advertisement claiming that_»paoia.id,mCoiif st..Toronto
•£££-----S; TEHEES semjss-sbss mmst. zzc. _
------------ Z\TiX‘^ ii KS'11"’ aKewaCTffeaaara msnussrif&s a:a3
forbade fur-hunting on the island, but THE RKMKDY AND THE DISEASE. “Now, when Dodd's Kidney Pills cur-	SWIM BUTTS It, SOM w r.SLTEV - c.-p.-r
M;iny of th ee inbablianls a.» English ^M*nt lSD 1 allowed to taJk *°r “If every person who is afflicted _Toirssnto._ TTiffiRgkRT mVsow
ES™*—	- SHS3r=
the then proprietor, and have since	--- completely thit they would hardly
been engaged not only in the lobster | TO CONSUMPTIVES AND SUFFER-1 know themselves/ but in the cod and herring fishery, and in hauling iron from submerged wrecks.
oltoif
Sen-1
ktek
THE ISLAND IS SOLD.
BREAK FAST-S UPPER.
In that year the island was put up for sale under an order of the Quebec
LAW E#erlm,ADA |,FUflAVK>T
Lean and Savings Company.
INCORPORATED 1155.
Paid-up Capital Sasarva Fund...
ereaa.

bit
LBTTE*
end
BILL
ORDERED STOMACH. LUNOd. NEHVK8, LIVER. BLOOD. BLADDER, K1DNET& BRAIN and BREATH by
Prices Complet# $1 00
Bd mod Ash 60e.
Dodd's Kidney Pills cost only fifty cents a box, at all di tig stores.
THE OFFICE SPECIALTY MFC. CO.,
Limited
Toronto and Newmarket, Ont.
ERS FROM CATARRH
CHILDREN, &ad also Rears ewe «fully la-fan t* whoee Alimenta and Debility hare resisted all other Lea mente. It dUest* wham all other Food la rejected, eavee 60 times Its m cent In medicine.
If you are troubled with catarrh bronchitis or irritable throat, etc., send
Two representatives of lh> fishermen *arap,e	our famous
m td<i their way last October with pftr.a,tu,n an<1 inh<iler P08t l‘ald- 11 18 Slmpurse — What are you going to great difficulty to Quelieo, bavin/ tia- n.ei^tier 8 snuff nor a wash, nor an d0 jn this outlandish neighborhood?
veiled 95 miles in an open boat from ^ Carried by^ atmosjdier i J ^Trt o 'ev^èry I ^ortpurae — Waiting for something îndSOMonîür“«l'torenabir<th?m to“c^	and gunrant.eed^to be an ah-1 her,,.
test at law the right of M. Minier lute cuie. Address, N. C. Poison & Yea, there will. My landlord threa-to expel them from their homes This t~0'1 Kingston, Ont.	| tens to put me out to-morrow, so I’ve
right is claimed by him in a suit in-	hating for another place. I've
Bt ituted by him on September 14 in	NO NEED FOR ONE.	just got the refusal of this miserable
the Saguenay district, his demand be-	Mrs. Clancy—Do yex kape a	scrap	shanty, and have sent	for my wife to
ing for the expulsion of the “très-	bouk, Mrs. Casey?	come and look at it	.	The something
passers" and the demolition of their	Mrs. Casey—Indade, no! Shure	an' th*	1 exPect to turn UP	is	her nose when
houses and other buildings. Fortunate- | small ructions Oi've bod ain't	worth	I s^e seea
ly, the Provincial Govei nment has now | kapin record avl by order-in-Council, resolved to pay
rv,n r*°9t S uf a lest caae ln the Superior i TO cure a cold in one day
Teke Lesellre Bromo Quioini Tablet*
But whatever the law may say and | mftmd the mo##y if itfell# too#r* the. Government may generously do, human nature revolts at the idea of th?ae poor fishing folk being driven In so masterful a fashion from their bleak island home.
TO CONTEST HIS RIGHT
SURE TO TURN UP.
QTÂMMERERS
OeH Institution le Osusdn for the ear* I *r«ry phe** of	letehUeh
(¦Toronto, 18W CJuro eeereat**jL 0HUR0H 8 AUTO VOCE INSTITUTE.
a so
YEARS’ INVARIABLE 100,000 ANNUAL CURE**
SUCCES*
___	of Coantif.
? non, Flatulency, Dyspep-da, Indigestion. Oon. sumption. Diabolo# Brunch Ills, Influons#. Coughs. Asthma, Catarrh, Phlegm, Diarrhea# Nervous Dehilliy, Hleepiessnes*, D dependency*
up
Huhl 'there won't anything turn up
• Pembroke St, reroute, Caned#
Superior KPK.u. Four Dollars
Complete. Te be had only from M BO HERTS, 81 Queen St. E.. Toronto Send stamp for elroular and sample of sloth before buying elsewhere.
AN EXHIBIT OF GRASSES. I	WSST COURSE IN
At Ihti Ballsbridge Horae Show sam- F*03pQC t lll^ MINING
'Sr.’ïr
Powder and that undressed taken from oralogy, Beolegy, Btowpip# Testing, and other
,, -	^ 1I	'
he" l£r"=.Xt' r,5C ’££&“£
..Saturday "	d°ws and pastures. The strong clov-
-V.„	cull ...r, Snlu-dej." | «ÏÏ SS,™
ported in "The Farmers’ Gazette," of Dublin.
|\U BARRY and Co. (Limited). 77 Regee# ! JLf street, London, W., also lu Parle. 14 R#e de Caetigllone, end at all Grocers, Chemist#,
1 and Stores everywhere. In tine le., 8e„ Id., la. Sib. 14# Sent carriage free, Alee I>V 1 BARRY’S REVALENTA BISCUITS, lu Bn# •a EL and fl#
DARN A HOLE in Three Minute#.
IT CAN EASILY BE DONE WITH THE
Swiss Darner
• • •

ties we pay ladles $11 s week salary who have learned to ha-some sufficiently ne», •cent wifcn Ten Swiss DASNBateeoh ae our agente sad t* iuHtruct others In tbotf. locality. W# re*
a a
School of Mining. Kingston, OnF

Centre!
i
esfli
darning, for our
POINTED PARAGRAPHS.
eiiH
women who
Swiss Darnke_____
«ally eer# from S8 te SB weekly In darning •amples for ue. Ten •wire Darns* wü|
STRATFORD, ONT.
MT" “w‘ t WSfrUSSZ
Sv'4
Comparisons are odious when they Shadow us
HOW’S THIS?
Poets are born, but the waiter girl is made to order
rt
We effbr One Hundred Dollar» Reward for smy pa e of Catarrh that cannot b# cured by
l«^r0rntr-sTgh,^neCâUSea ‘
The path of ambition lead, to a great 1 *** r‘““' Pllle ere the b,,tl many political graves.
A good many heroes are made of wood pulp and printer's ink.
When a man has nothing to do he ilways attends to it personally.
It is impossible to convince a spider that there is honey in
Men need higher moral than they do higher foreheads.
I hv lazier a man is the more he is going to accomplish to-morrow.
The voice of a man popping the que#'
%ion has the true engagement ring.
Lots of men who make witty remarks ire too dense to realize the fact.
It is pretty hard for some men to keep their wants down to their rn-lomes.	<
Some women are jealous of an echo because It always gets ti&3 last word.
man doesn't worry very nuch about his gray brain matter.
Indolence often assumes the mask of patience and gathers in her rewards.
This world is a dangerous place to live >n people seldom get out of It olive.
and Sheet Metal Works
ROOFING SLATE, In Blank BLACKBOARDS (We eoppl m/Toroneot Roofln* Felt. Pile* SO TILE (See New City Build
______liô, Cone W ear irmt Metal Ceil lap, Oe>
Bleea, eta Bglseatee furnished fer werh eenep>te er fe
ttsSriw auswssssM,
ROOFING
NOTHING IN IT.
a stock!
tablecloths, curtain# underwear and afl fabriee with equal
m easily as a grow# Tmm swi
%J
m
person
Daswi
Domlnlen Line Steamehlpt WNHEf
end Cabin sod Steerage paetengere. Rates o pannage-First Cabin. 160.00 ; deuond Cabin
~~	- - ** W» ,z ™5«*nt«L cutt.hc school.
instance i Well, you can have the February. B CORRIGAN, 113 YongeSL	Gen l A*ent#l7 61. Sacrament 8u Montreal.
comforts home then.	you kee#»
Lng house f ^fo, but we've got a peach j Ag^DtS of a boarding house
• . 4
I
II’
f
»J I
X
i
a
W P C 962
Ü

FREE BOOKLET.
GUIDE TO HEALTH
1 eeription Bjoks, Just being Introduced Write quick. Empire Pub. Co , Toronto.
3
X
! Pamphlet» and Sampler of Material of our Steel Frein
»
a rose
H
courage
Niagara Vapor Bath
eent to any addrees on receipt of stamp.
Thermometer Attachment ane
cLvuJjl Ml
ftAÀrf cêuw ?	biJhÿ
Ju, fUtAf zlnd'
S
Hundreds
Beth In America

me NiaQoro vopoi Bam gd.
•e %	. • •	•	•	*	—•%
87 Yonge St., Toronto.
L COFFEE & CO.,
CRAIN AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
of th

Absolutely Odorless.
Fire oaly required once Iq two week# For circular write to

The ambitious
ef
MAfllLTON, ONT.
TORONTO. ONT.
J

###PAGE###8###

1
P
crrra
On Monday Ottawa voted in favor of Sunday care and elected Aid. Payment mayor over Stewart and ('luff.
XMAS EXAMINATIONS Portage du Fort Modsl School
Successful Candidates.	Four	<*¦,auiau winter» have now pa»»-
Prelim A A.—James McLean.	And my lock» have «lowly whitened with
Or.de il A.—Berth» On»».
Grade I A.—Charlotte Grant.	through Are and itmpest drear,
On,de II M —1, Je»«ie McFeetors; But in ^ my^rihuiat...... I h.d never
2'S:XÏ7\ Cltre Or.nl; 8, Mur- Wh,n ^,,dbyty%T*	my d"'r
ril McKenney; 3, N. McFeetors.	I never flinched an instant, but stood by
John Dovol.8, Teacher. When "l^tUn.on ne.r.y .reek
ed the ship of stale,
upon the field ef battle many comrades met their fate :
‘hi many a fellow soldier. In 1837,
Changed the blood-stained soil of Canada for the golden streets of Heaven.
was a crowd of
things grist one day, I
•• Shiners,*’ who	*
were bound to take my load;	tftL A @mA
Rut I fought tin in «tingle-handed and saved A HQ wGCrQv T
my flour too,	X	_ ..
Till	Arnprlor Constable	Campbell made	I	-illf	Lending •
prisoners of a few.	Of 5U0C6SS I . . . II nil** — -
Around my little shanty a pack of wolves	w	DOUBtS
I’ve seen.	...	.	,	..
Is in always having the RIGHT goods
at the RIGHT TIME and at the right prices. Our customers know that they can always get just what they want here. The Fall and Winter of 1898 will not find us behind the mark. Every department is now filled with only the best goods desirable for a Canadian winter—Comfortable Furs, Comfortable Clothing Comfortable Bedding, etc., etc., and the prices are as near right as the combined efforts of ready money and years of experience can possibly make them.
YOU WANT OLOTHIira.
WB WANT MONET....
Let Ue Arbitrate.
The following poem, by the author of “Sixty Years Ago," which recently ap peaied in the Ottawa Journal ie publish ed by request of one of our old end most esteemed subscribers :—

$
\
We have a whole lot of Tweeds
The
Let us talk business
in stock now which should have been sold long ago mild and uncertain weather has been against us, and we didn’t sell nearly what we should have.
You need warm clothing. The winter is here in earnest. You need the clothing now. Let’s see what we can do for our mutual benefit. We’ll cut prices as they never were cut before and have
H. s. Doils Column
No. 6 School Sovth Onslow.
Class I.—1, Annie E. Craig; 2, Annie M Craig.
Class III.—1, Freemsn Merrifleld;,
2, Annie Draper and Kobbie McKae, |In * «L	'
All busy i*t caaltng. they mad lively then;
When bringing home iny
. .... ..... n ^	_ wai met upon the road
1, Lillie W ilson; (ieo. | By a band of murderous
‘‘THELEADING BOOSE"
X
A Genuine Holiday Sale
LASTING ONE WEEK ONLY.



equal.
Cla>e II, Sr.—1, Emma Steele, 2, Ger tie Cra Class
McGillis; 3, Effie Clarke.
m	. . |	* 4.i *	11.. Ml	flwwl Class I —I. Olive Merrifield; 2, Allan
Then you can get the clothing you need, and well get tlie McGmie and Geo. Steele, equU. cash we need, and also get rid of the balance of our winter Attendance.—Wesley Draper.
tweeds and ovorcoatings. Do you agree ? Here is our first	Tena *om* 080 er*
part of the bargain—cut prices. You come to our shop and carry out your part of the bargain.
n,
Jr
In the enormous business done by
i tniilLM FNti SATI Rlt Al. JAKVABY 7th.
A-how ling in the moonlight, they »'» fierce and lean, rrom the window of the cabin I have seen a hungry bear.
Which had come to kill and plunder, but I ¦hot him then and there.
looked
BRISTOL
Mr. Wm. Cuthberiaou who went west
last spring returned home for the winter I For weeks I've fought the bush fires, when
¦IS	-mSEESHv-'—
on aktting shortly.	I But we dug our little trenches to be ready
The annual meeting and social of the And JRVSSS' and heavy .wltehe. we Presbyterian Chuich was held m the I	drove the fire back.
Buck Church on Wednesday evening.
Christmas passed off pleasantly here.
There tv.is a shooting match at the village in the afternoon. In the evening a num her of the young people gathered at Alex.
McLe»d’s where a most enjoyable time was spent until the 41 wee sma hours.”
Mr. David Young is home fir the Xmai holidays.
Dr. S. Drummond is visiting at the I But since these Snider rifles are everywhere Dtunim nd Bros.	I_. for sale.
Mi.» I. Dll won ll of Shawville i. vieil	|6n>H;laCe °f	*xeepl p*rhaps
ing old friends in this place.	Though t'was only In September that the
- - -
.	n.	...	, bers of the Brick Church.	I Thirty thousand snider rifles in the hands
Main Street, * ¦ Shawville,	Meeting, will be held every night in I All engaged n!e“mlom .hooting » re rather
.	.	. .	«	f the church.	I	dangerous to ds.
Have just received from one of the most extensive manufac	There was a Christmas tree at the par- They use any kind of target, any one that
luring houses in Canada, one of the largest, best assorted and «""*« ?ue,d.y evenin8'	But wh",hLHbunk or lead do the,
most complete stocks of Furniture ever hi ought into the	' n m.r,œknVatehk,e., t,ee »h,.h :
county. The display comprises—	U T OBirraxNOTES	ABd t^vel^o™1Y mïïeDgSrU,t£°our£rore n
BEDROOM SUITES. ,	,,, (OFFICE CHAIRS,	The Now Year opened with one of the	low Its force.	I
DINING ROOM TABLES, |	^ A 1V, SECRETARIES* DES"",	coldest snaps of the season; the thermo- 11 cau	îoïm Umb#r* h,t
DINING ROOM CHAIRS, > T HALL RACKS,	meter registered 20 below zero on Sunday it can m.he a two-mile Journey 1/ !t| does
KITCHEN TABLES. I AT CENTRE TABLES,	morning.	I not sinks a hill,
KITCHEN CHAIRS, ' ALL PK,< ES- SIDEBOARDS, (of all kinds and prices.) Mr. Joseph Kelly, of Cascades, is visit- W en buHeîswhîîzed^mund pMturc tbe nTvlvn r>n^xi oAcvrnc	LOUNGES,	mg friends in this vicinity.	Struck a mump or killed a" critter, ” or
u V*^	u^^’	MORRIS CHAIRS,	Miss §eaipan, teacher in No. 1 school, I burrowed In the ground.
nuiT	DooyvDQ	FANCY ROCKING CHAIRS,	in spending her Christmas holidays among
ru in ufvq uinu Sino	FANCY REED CHAIRS, ROCKERS	her friends in Leslie.
,r	*	and MUSIC RACKS,	Miss Robinson, teacher in No. 4 school,
rnuvmvxt toy sFTS-	SPRING & FIBRE MATTRESSES,	and Miss Caulfield, of No. 3, are spending	80	^Tkymayfoli °f	compaee or from	lhe
bdlLi;ub.> b un bMô	In fact, everything required to furnish	a	their holidays among their numerous	At	almost	any	Instant	a	Snider's	deadly
(1 * able and * Chairs	house in first-class style.	friends in Thorne.	'	ball
____________ I Messrs. Armstrong & Rose expect to
Intending purchasers should see these goods before placing their | commence their season’s drawing this
week. We understand they will employ about fifteen teams.
Messrs. Sullivan of Onslow will also • i> ii i	r ii I commence drawing this week. They are
inis nrancll has been luJIy camping at Mr. Mitchem’s, and wiU have
UNDER TAKING- 2 equipped with all the neces-1 td%nd that Mr. a. Richardsary requirements, including son hAS returned from spending his holidays in—where ? If you don’t know ask
Clown .
ALF. R. MCGUIRE, - - - THE TAILOR.
season
F. S
One Week
A cyclone struck our country and swep t hrough fleid and wood,
And when that «torin whs over scarce house or building stood;
And then a freshet came one night, and at the dawn of day
We found that In ltscurrent our house was
swept away.	,___ _____ _	_
Kul	bb,X CLF'c,one'or I The Dress Goods
In all my tribulations 1 had never known a fear.
“UP-TO-DATE
FURNITURE
Department
t
epemne.
This department is filled with the latest novelties in plain and fancy Black Gooo3, ranging from 25 cents per yard to #1 50 per yaid. Colored Cashmeres and Serges In all the desirable colors for this season's wearing.
Scotch and French Plaids in great variety, from 10 cents to 60 cents per yard.
(oo)
CUTHBERTSON & GRAHAM,

I
We have nothing • old to •. show yon
New, fresh goods of all the latest patterns in Blouse Silks and Colored brocades
In the Silk ( Department f
*
Without the lea et reflection fellows fire In the air.
Never thinking that the bullet must surely light somewhere,
In the Staple Department -
You will find an extensive range of Canadien and English flannellettaa from 4 cents to 16 cents per yard.
Though I've been through plague and peetl-lenov, and through Are and flood I vow
That In all my scared till
tribulations I was never now
orders. They will be found of superior quality and finish
and at prices to suit all.
Geo. K. Brown, | BlâükOtS ftlld
Comforters - -
L
Canada's Tariff.
( We have never shown such - a line of White and Gray {Blankets and Comforters.
HOW ITS OPERATION 18 REVIEWED IN
CHICAGO.
the best Embalming appliances that could be procured
Chjcago, Dec. 28—The Times Herald -	..	__	__
thus discussed the effect of Canada's pre L 3,(1188 W 0011611
ferential tariff: •
... „ .	,	“ According to a recent statement com
Well, dear editor, this is Jan. the 2nd, piled from the British Board of Trade 1899, and no person has killed you on returns and issued by the Canadian Deaccount of those confounded notes you paitment of Trade and Commerce the are always putting into your ]>aper. I •• jubilee gift " of a preferential tariff have not done anything in that line since made by the Dominion Government to you gave that poor fellow such a ripping England has not caused any considerable up about those Bristol Ridge notes. But I diversion of Canadian trade to the Mother to commence :—	Country. In fact, the statistics show that
Mr. Richardson and family are all away while there has been a slight increase in on a visit to friends in Bryson.	the imports of certain lines of manufac
Mrs. Robt. Me Janet and daughter, lured goods from Great Britain it ia more Gertie, are on a visiting tour to Aylmer, than an offset by a decrease in imports of Ottawa and Hintonburgh.	iron and steel manufactures and correspon-
de postmaster's buggy still lies in R. ing increase in this class of imports from Lucas’field. F., it is time you had it the United States
T.-	In the *our months ended October 31,
Mr. Kidd occupied the school at Yarm during which the full preference of 25 last Sunday evening. A good many of per cent, has been in force, the impo the congregation got tired before he com- lions of British cottons worsteds and linens menced and left for their homes.	show a slight increase. But the importa
Mrs. John Argue has been very sick tions of iron and steel for the but we are glad to state she is improving, period dropped from $79,609 In 1896 to though very slow.	$18,014. Daring the fonr months ending
>> e had a basket social at our school October 31 railroad iron and steel export house to close our Sunday School for the ed to Canada from the United Kingdom winter months. The chair was occupied was valued a* $50,306, aa against $906, by W. B. Hodgins, and speeches were I 577 during the conresponding month» in rpo SUPPLY looo cedar posts, 8 feet ong	gjv®nby T. A. Elliott,	Superintendent;	1896. The manufactures	in the United
1 and 6loches In diameter at smaller end,	also by Robt. McJanet	and Rev. Wm.	States have profi ted by the decline to an
N°“ U,"°h AnSl'of	not*laler*iheu the	^ choir led by Mi88 Ardley, extent th.t rrquiro. no further demon»- Boots and Shoes
Urrti oi Marcn. is»y Tender» io be in beiort-	tencner, did very nicely.	1 he eating was It ration of the inability of	the Cadnaian "y*"*
Lkn‘nnJu 11 uMr^» V U ?' ^VSllV'Vr ol	exc®llent* 1 am sorry you were forgotten,	Government to devise any	scheme of pre-
Mai le Ridge p. o., <4ae ^^bere were piles left.	ferential tariffs that will encourage the
Robt. Russell, Miss Telford and Miss importation of British as against Uu ted McFarlane were at the social, and after-1 States iron and steel. Even with the 26 wards paid a short visit to the post office. I per cent, advantage it is impossible for I wonder if they had any letters to mail ? British manufacturers to compete with the How is it we don’t see the bob tail Americans in Canadian markets, horses around Yarm now ? Is it on ac-1 The decline in imports of iron and steel count of vacation I If so, the poor horses I manufactures from Great Britain is so will be glad to have the vacation for a I counted for by the tendency on the part bmg time; but I suppose they are off in of the Canadian importers to await some other direction.	the results of the work of the Anglo
Miss E. Shepperd, who has been away American commission. If the preferen-from Yarn for the last 15 years, is at her tisl tariff it abolished as a result of the brother’s on a visit. We are all glad to negotiations of this commission, as now 8e®*Jer welcome face again.	seems probable, there will be no obstacle I IT	fl	T1011/11
Miss Katie Tracey is away on a	visit	ia the way of complete control of the iron	H	n	I	III	WW	II - #
to friends in and around Carleton Place. | and steel trade with Canada.	I	"J
Y arm looks quite natural again since the pink house has got an occupant. It
is also a great saving on horse flesh. 1 The Winnipeg Chief of Police is offer-If I don’t soon stop writing you	will I	ing a reward of ten thousand dollars for
come out and tear the bald head off	1	the recovery of the money stolen from
Sandy. J Molson’s Bank there some time ago.
T ASM
OFFICE AND SHOW ROOMS--------A. R. SMILEY’S BUILDING,
Underwear...
Next Door to G. M. Donaldson's Jewellery Store
with, or without sleeves, ribbed or plain, all sizes. The latest novelties in Lmlies Wool, Cashmere and Kid Gloves.
SHAW VILLE
i
The Clothing Department
Hair Dressing Parla r
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and
MAIN ST., - - SHAW VILLE
Confidence in the clothing department was established long ago, but will be largely increased when you see the well made, neat.fitting stylish-looking suits we are selling at $6.00, $0.00 $8.00 and $10.00» Mens' fall overcoats, equal to tailor-
made, at $6.00 to $10.00 underwear in all sizes and quali ties, and at the very lowest prices
v
JEWELLER
%

KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK OF
watch es, clocks,
JEWELLERY. SILVERWARE ttc &c.
If you require a Hair Cut or Shave, you are guaranteed satlsfactlou at the Shawvllle Hair Dressing Parlour.
Parties wishing to have their razors honed or dressed can have them put lu excellent condition for from 15 to 25 cents.
Try my Hair Tonic.
rta
Men1»
JOHN SMITH.
Repairing—
a Speciality
same
The Delecaeles
SHAWVILLE, Q
Groceries |
THE HULL ELECTRIC CO.
of the Table
Are all to be found here in the Pink of Perfection.
Tenders Wanted.
Cars run at Intervals of twenty minutes in the morning and fifteen minutes In the afternoon, dally, Mondays included.
Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled.
You’ll be glad if you do and sorry if you don't visit our shoe depart* ment, and get our prices on all up-to-date goods. Our store is tilled from floor to ceiling with the very latest in Fall Footwear, for ladies and children, men and boys. Our stock ia admired by all. Oi sales are large, and this year will be a record breaker.
60 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
W. R. TAYLOR,
8ec.-Treas
i

C\Ottawa^^ Business College.
(Established years.)
ur
Trade Marks Designs
COPYRIGHT!) &C
Anyone sending • sketch and description may lick>y ascertain our opinion free whether an Invention Is probably pat entnble. Communie», tlons strict 1 y confiden tlal. Handbook on Patents Oldest agency for securing patente. Patenta taken thn.ukh Mann A do. receive tp4cial notice, without charge, In the
. - THE LEADING HODSE - -
Oe ¦
Fall term commencée August 15th. A permanent staff of four experienced able expert teachers ; thirty two years of uninterrupted success ; being endorsed by the leading business and p ofesslonal men of the Capital: each graduate getting the Dip oma of the Business Educators' Association at Canada; the success of our graduates (they •re to be found everywhere) are points your consideration. Send for new Catalogue
l-
Scientific American.
for
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Lergeet dr.
urnai. Terms, $3 a
eolation of any scientific log year ; four months, $L Sold by all newsdealers.
JOHN KEITH, Principal,
148*154$ Bank St., Ottawa

5
