###PAGE###1###


-I' «I
No. 17
10th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
THURSDAY, OCT 17, 1901.
61.00 a Year
in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
LOCALS THAT PAY
If you arc in need of gloves or mitts of my kind, mad Stewart* ad. this week.
If: SALI
Lam
fwo Oxforddown Ram uiv bred). Rrice right.
•Ml* I y to J. (*. Armsthonu,
(ireen Lake.
IWd OflW• ., ,,
Cupttfll flMhsvrllH-d Capital U|i ..
OTTAWA. CANADA.
.........#1,904,DM,
........... l.m.lHO.
.......... 1,000,455.
FUR GOODS
Dr. McPhee, dentist, of Am prior, will lx* constantly in attendance all winter, with exception of first two weeks in November, (hunting season.)
¦ c$6,000,000. The most complete and widest range of
mitts and gloves ever shown in Shaw ville
9 600 000. ,10W flt Stewart's hoot and shoe store.
Coupon and Local Tickets to all parts of the world. All Information cheerfully given. J. it. Tieiinbv. Hallway and Ticket Agent, Arnprior, Ont,
OF CANADA.

iinp. ‘ ' Vf. V |,!M "r 8<>od, sound
S M1,iaWf.for general use or shanty work weigh about 2,000 pounds.
pply to Walker Fletcher, Yarn».
Board of Directors :
Charles Mauee, Esq., President. Geoiwje Bay, ksq., Vice-President.
How. Oko. Drvson, Jr.
Alex. Kiuss.ii. Ek<j .
CAPITAL - -
FUND,
n gi'’ i ie<l. ( annot be beaten for size and
8e soltfm«on«Mc.tl0n °,t"e cou,ltr}' Wl“ Apply to Alex. Elldtt. Sr.,
Head Office, - Montreal#
GEORGEBURN D. M. FINN IB
Ge neral Manager .. .. Manager
We are now opening up a large and complete range of Fur Goods, consisting of the newest and best goods in : : following lines : : :
Ladies’ Sacques, in Electric Seal, Coon, Astrachan. Capes, Caperines, Collars,
Ruffs, Caps and Muffs, in all the fashionable furs.
f

Branche» ? IN ONTARIO:
Keewatln.
Kemptv.lie,
Mattawn,
Ottawa,
Anything you want In the line of glows or mitts to be had at Stewart's boot find ¦hoe store. An immense stock to select
Clarendon.
1	-, w,nnt photos taken of your chil-
dren ! advise you to take them early in
Dr. Stack],cm. Surgeon Dentist, wifi Ittou * give y°U beat Bmoo the first week each I ,	N
Money transferred to all parts of the world. I Month ; ( smpbcll s Hay the second ; hurt j buying, who you
'Coulongo the third; and Shawvillu the ¦ É '6 fourth week.	1
S1MW1ILLE BRANCH,
If YOU
Alexandria, Arnprlor, Avonmore, Brace bridge,
Carleton
Lanark,
Parry Hound, Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winchester, do BankSt. Renfrew do Rideau 8t. Toronto,
Money loaned on approved eeaurity at from
reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected
do
• -Think what you are arc buying from, what you are paying anil what value you recel ve
i r v«r Wt‘ RUftrantee or money refund i™ 'c!l you complete framed por
Mrs. Woodley and Miss McEachren, |1 rn!t s*	only. Samples always
Dressmaker.,	loi.h.u-l
Have you a fall suit to make 1 If so, call and examine our work and get our prices. Satisfaction guaranteed.
1*. S.—Tailor-made costumes a specialty. I Idled
Place,
Hawkesbury, Vac kleek Hill, Smith'i Falls
IN MANITOBA :
SAVINGS BANK.
Accour/s opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Winnipeg,
Dauphin,
Portage La Piiirie IN QUEBEC:
Hull,
Shawlntgan Falk
Agents In Canada, New Turk and « l.lnxgo-Bank of Montreal.
Agent» in tit. Paul-Merchant* Nat. Bank! Agents in London, Eng.—Purr's Bank Ltd.
II. IMMON
Lachute.*
Montreal,
,	Studio, Pontiac House.
Our cabinets compete with any in the city, hot It in price and finish, a trial sob •	If. Imison.
Office hours . . 10 a.m. to s p.m. Saturdays
10 A.M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager.
and pegged a way until seven nickel mes-I Smallpox is spreading in Hull. Five sengers had been despatched across that j ne" CNUies Wtiru reported on Monday, gloomy expanse of grass-land, and records
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
satüiip
WANTED—Housemaid,	I A matrimonial event took place at St. 1££d hosp table rendezvous for all hands.
Apply to Mrs. Neil Robertson, Paul’s Church on Friday afternoon last, there we«e no restrictions »<>r restraints,
Arnprior. Ont. | the contracting parties being Mr. Alex- a,1<* discipline had for the time being to
ander, of Bristol, and Miss Jennie, ^tand aside. A steaming kettleof tea stood '“ss Horence Lang, arrived homo daugh er of Mr. James Wilson, of Clar- wel1 within the folds of the tent-door, | from New Jersey, last week, ondon.	I an(lA huge stack of edibles of every des...	...	, x ,	....	. criptiun, formed a rampjrt which, how-
.Shawvillo can now fowst of a Chinese ever< gllVti n0 evidence of hostility to the
laundry. Mr. Hong Kee,, an almond-i invader. To the man who forgot his I Principal W. D. Armitage attended the eyed son of the Flowery Kingdom ln\*	Jjjg i,mci1	basket, this feature	of	the	Convention of the Protest ant Teachers As-
!ng embarked in the congenial business	event	was	especially appreciated._Ixoci/Uiun of this Province at Montreal last
of h.8 race. His add. will be found in Thursday closed with several ranges
“'VT .	,	,	still to shoot off, so another day had to i Mr. A If. Mjitic.who has been resid-
The Central railway deDot at Ottawa devoted to preparation for the de- 1Ilg »t HamioU, Manitoba, for the past was robbed of something over 8800 on	of our common country. But	three years, has It ft that region for Chi-
Saturday last The funds Monged to	there	was	a noticeable falling	off	in	Cago, where lie ir.ten.ls taking a course
the C. A. R., O. & N. \ and N. A W. t ie attendance. The weather had set- jn Dental College. Alt's many friends railways. The C. P. It. till was opened ‘led, and conditions were otherwise pro- wjij he glad to hear that lie is ejected but contained two cents only.	pitious, thus contributing to making the .home for the Xmas holiday
T, r t> p .	u	. 4	closing contests—GOO yards and 200 yards
* ? Ie K' j* va'ncr .slstcr quick tiiitiîr—the most satisfactory of the , „	. .	sh,Pto ‘he lsllnA.er <wrecked some weeks *,riea. The scores made at the latter.
A German mining engineer represent- ogo, and on which many were lost) has Grange to say, showed a considerably
zr:
Mr. F. Rueckwald, of Rueckwa’d & I Shaw ville was converted into a veritable N. Brownlee, Ibid ford, captured the Mr. John Thomson, Gov. Bush Ran-Schock, Ladysmith, was here on Thursday hog-town on Monday, occasioned by the prize for the grant! aggregate with a score g©r, was at Otter Lake House Tuesday with teams for the new engine and boiler	delivery of a large number of jankers to	of 144. Following him in the order nani	on his way b> Alleyne.
which is to supply power for the sawmill	Mr. Sullivan. The hogs came from all quart-	ed, came H. Durrell, 136 ; F. A Parker,	Dr. Syneck, C. L. A.,	of	Gracetield,
and factory which these gentlemen have	®r*» the Germans of Leslie and Thorne	134 ; Capt. Stewart, 132, R. 0. Wood-	was here Tuesday,
recently erected at Ladysmith. „	contributing a big percentage of those ley, 127 ; E. Graham, 117.	Mr Ben. Smith, of Coulonge Road,
Mr. R. G. Hodgins' engine, which he br°Ught	At 600 the highest score was made by ^ad^" tl,ia Wednesday .md says
had been awaiting for some time past, Cobden's fair held on Tuesday Oct. E. Graham. At 500 Dr. Alexander ™ tlure a.re K°‘"K ^ be good roads up arrived last week. Mostb£ the machin 1st, was a decided improvement on those topped the list, winning in this contest I	* lcn ,iie 8an8 o{ ru,,k<l makers
ery for the new factory is m, no that it	of several years past. The exhibits were	al8° the prize for the highest score at
should not be long now before a new	more numerous, the quality of ths stuff	any range. At the remaining ranges the	Messrs, narry 1 urpain	and	Jvhn	Kob-
whistle awakens the echoes.	| exhibited was better than in years past, highest were made by the following : 300 61 fson w©nt to Kazabazua W edntoday.
, «r t * u f v n , the crowd was larger and everyone seem- yards,.! A. Mousseau; 200, kneeling, L	D. OiH.es M.P.P., and James
Mrs. John McIntosh, of Norway Bay, ed	with what they saw.	Capt. Stewart; 200, standing, Harry Dur- S*» Paased £ere on Thursday on their way
is becoming quite an expert m using a	7	reil. ooo nniclr.tiring otfh.nJ v to the wtxxls.
gun. Last week she shot a large hawk Shooting Match, No. 5.—The Orange- Brownlee. ’ '1	°	*	Mr. James Farrell, of Campbell’s Bay,
which had been bothering the neighbors men of Knox Lodge will celebrate the m,	'’ . .	, . , .	,	, was out this way Monday,
for some time. It measured 39 inches bth of November this year by holding a L . .ie. ° . a 8Corv> which w too lengthy Messrs. John Thomson and D. Lun-from tip to tip.	| shooting match for turkeys on the grounds 01 t m 1>sue> VV1 appear in our next anij nf Litchfield, went up the Pickanoek
rpi Ai UxK *	.	|of Mr. Ed. H. Mee, commencing at one FaPer'	Thuasday.
ed had been an invalid, cofinei to her room and s,)orting rifle, only wi]] be allJwed range was put m gratuitously by Mr. Wm. |	_ __
for the last 2o years, constantly and care- ajj am cordially invited to attend	McCoshaui, to whom the association
fully cared for by her mother.	|	_ ____ *	no doubt will feel most thankful for his
kindness in that behalf
No Paper Next Week
Men’s Coats in Coon, Siberian Buffalo, Tasmanian Coon, Brown Dog, &c.
Robes in Grey and Black Goat, Rocky Bear, See.
Our staff purpose taking their annual holiday next week, consequently The Equuy will not appear. The office, however, will remain open for the transaction of bunsiew.
any
PERSONAL
Our Furs are manufactured by the leading makers in Canada, and we guarantee every article to be the best procurable at
: : the price. : :
AsK any of our customers about our Furs.
Born.—At Bryson on Saturday, Oct. 12th, to Mr. and Mrs. A. Howard, a daughter.
The steamer Murphy (Capt. Picard) has finished the season's towing and will be laid up for the winter at Portage du Fort as usual.
The water in the Ottawa river is three inches lower thin it has been since 1820, when records were first taken. The records have been kept up.
The Duke of York reviewed eleven thousand troops at Toronto on Thursday last. The sight was the most magnificent spectacle ever witnessed in the Dominion.
Miss Dora Keay, of Ottawa, is visiting in town, the guest of Mrs. R. G. Elliott.
week
8
Ladies’ Cloth Jackets.
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
Have a look over Ladies’ Cloth Jackets. We are showing a range of goods thy the attention of careful buyers.
wor-
J. H. SHAW
m
on
Fatal Co 1 ision
I
Another case of typhoid fever has developed in Mr. Finnigan’s family, Albert,	M
the eldest son having contracted the di-	- Owing to the absence of a number of
HifclBpB
Hymeneal.	i make the ope at ion of the targets and	-^   Herb. Allen, brakemin, North Boy.
y	signal service as complete ah possible,	GREERMOTTNT	Liait Merci, brake:nan Mattawa.
. T , n, , t,	a task which they accomplished very	v	The bodies of these poor unfortunate
At bt. James hurch, i rys,,n, on successfully, and had it not been for the	victims c ml l not be found for some time
i uesday, < >ot. 3rd, Miss Elizabeth .lane, wefc weather which followed, little dif- Several more of our young men have after the wreck occurred am they were youngest daughter of Jamès Smiley, I Hculty would have been experienced. A kft with Mr. Andrew Martin for the buried in *he debris. Mr. G. Ellio», en-IJpsq., and John Alexander 1 can, joined part of the equipment consisted of a tele- winter. No doubt they will be looking nineer, received a very bad shaking up. heart and hand for life rho ceremony phone service, which Lieut. Ritchie in- Mor ^ EjUITY, expecting news from Engineer Adolph Christink was fortunate was performed by lxcv. Mr. Lackey. - l,sS stalled for the purpoAa of establishing home in it.	„	j enough to escape uninjured. The re
L»^*»-** trrzr;:::!.
se sarst gza ss	tzd I JWMfsjSL.*tsv I ran s run:
ggiar £e?E £ :r ,r.	srs^issasrt Sttsrvï si* css. s
hearty welcome. After a few hours 8 ,<nf footers^ and the boys receded to 500 yards I well made that teams can trot over itilhe annual ? iminiraGoca held. The m music, singing and Mmal gamw, about demonstrate their prowess at that quite comfortably, it is a credit to the ! conferjnce will include thw acceptance of midnight they dispersed to their niany I range.	I makers	probations, examination of ministerial
ç Jbar	«srsL ttxraü & ps
jiineae. The presents alone show the »„d making it decidedly unpleaaant for 22nd inet. at 7 p. m. Canon Her, D. I) etehio of Rev. R. C. Horner, of 25,000. high eeteeni in which the young couple the marksmen as in squads they stretch- and the Yen. Archdeacon Naylor are to It *» flourishing in Canada, United State., are held.-Com.	ed their bodies along a wooden platform, I be the speakers.	Carmen	I Egypt »nd Ireland.
FOUR TRAINMEN KILLED AT MACKEY IN A FREIGHT WRECK ON SATURDAY NIGHT.
A Big Event
In order to obtain the best results
from Cod Liver Oil
IT MUST BE FRESH AND PURE.
very unusual at this season of the year, as such it was.
We have just received our stock of
Norway
Cod
Liver
Oil
And can therefore guarantee it fresh.
We have it in pints or half pints ; or bring your
bottle and we will fill it for you.
THE DRUG STORE.
M
Périma,” the Great Tonic, in stools

A
###PAGE###2###

•• •
minute aml then cover again with a ****** : ** :«M^**<+***,>* I INDIGESTION IN HORSES ,x ^ ^<r\	<T\<r\ v/n, hot plate, and serve at once.	I A	Ÿ	L
,ï^™—}« THE FARMteMsSIZ:HFEL, -™
e™SSe	^H-Lr
Ariœro	ssrS55a»?S5	E™"= ™F™ -	sSB™=
«erve peaches, so we will let that "«	for good luck.	The mother of	to be a success, says Prof L A.	different causes The stomach itself	*	.	, \	n- , „ . .,JtWo beautiful and accomplished
particular recipe pass. But spiced the	bride made the	cake, and it was	Clinton. In all cases where possible,	may be at fault; the liver may be	Wnste	lund in	} ''rkcy. acllla at I16	tresses staying In Bloomsbury Lon-
peoches It seems to me. are not ns «% to Ute city to	be frosted.	avoid those sells which are sandy or	the cause; constipation may cause	,Urm"'g lend at	dün’ wuuld »>avo been an actual
=ax WiSü ar^pM,rr.b,,”2s ‘arJrarsdssfe	™BW“‘ “ ‘\WJrsssi nsSF
TiSSz WsF '»	ts terr^sarjev: p z.ll2Z;rîM°t %r. ’.ste.;;-
**¦¦«*¦
b**®*1?3 ISSSpSses1
¦SSempsks™
ZZn: SiT^mPaUddthe .tTc ^ CHANCES °N A 15 AILR0AD' | lenioved'ind lfrL“ the" time "‘plow-	Th°c ffacter^f Z'tooToUenTs	iïV Va^lluW’ tOT i,W "a 5 End! Ttrlttn ' anT	utVrly*
slowly for 10 nr 15 mim^s »nd nn„ n.w •	r. *u „	.* *"«•	the time of drilling in the	much to do with indigestion in hors-	ncut «PPcarance.	miserable,	he	wrote to hb	father,
vour fresh lam is n. lfiv f .•	»	° v 1 ^«in	.tbe RlS*xt wheat, the roller should bo used oc- es. If the stomach proves to be The German Emperor lias issued a again protesting his innocence, and
winter's demands upon It	'	1 oung Man is Certain to Get casionully and frequent harrowing» weak, or there is difficulty in mosti- decree that the English language nsking to bo taken from the life and
WÆts.vrP”.r •«-*. r^Z wJ r™ “<i,v™	z p.wj;•¦yar-	""""""
en of them, say.' after poolin'? with a cnou^h to master the details of rail- 11 Wl!l be secn that there is thus	cry case of indigestion that has Two miles from	Milan	is the	most	01,1 t,.reafh	h,m	Tho ^ply did not
very little water and enough’ sugar reading," said a railway superin- son,red in 11 fcw weeks all the con-	como under the writer's notice, the remarkable echo in	the	world.	It is	c.omo by tho	timo	*t*tcd,	but	two
to make them sweet as you like Dis- tendent, "are in demand* every day dltl0n5$ whirh wcre formerly gotten administration of a pint of linseed | at tho Castle of Simoncttn, and re-1 days aflcr ho had solve an ounce of gelatine in a little in the week in our business. No by RUmmer ftlUow durinS tlie entire i oil has proved beneficial at the be- peats tho water and after pressing the peaches >’ounff man in this business need get sca.son* 1,1 tho Caso of land upon	| ginning of treatment. The oil cleans | times,
through a sieve add tho gelatine to discouraged if he has ability and in- whlch carlV Potatoes or beans have	out tho bowels, which are more or
them. When this is quite cold and dustr.v enough to get next to the heen Krown- il is not on,Y unncccs-	less clogged.
has been for an hour add to it r K°od things.	sarV to plow the land for wheat, but	It is highly necessary to relieve
pint of cream stiffly whipped. Put “The trouble with most of our np- much better results will be secured	the stomach and bowels of the gas
the whole into a mould and leave to Plants is that they have tried half wi,h whc*lt if the land is not plow- that is nearly always present,	and
harden well before serving—or to a dozen other callings before the v at- 0(1 wht‘at dops best where the rend- nothing is better for this	purpose,	Th ...... n**,»™™* ? or ,
sr wNr- “ *oet - te‘,«	LzTza Siur i*I	it zi, •*» • « v-v-
.«no,, oaJL,. kjw! zz ic 2 «Sr's ts 'r ara z i	'» - zs? z	i	«x-
mm üisü sig ns iisnn mmm
One cun have a large variety of mC,ltS' but nowhcre c,w is the shift- Lv into the soil in the fall. Ihen duco constipation-while wo desire ^ri ng a light.	tunc, and had shifted from one place
plants and blooms if the u-inZ il I,,g sc> ra»id an<1 80 certain.	vvhen the winter or early spring to avoid indigestion-and if much is A salmon has been known to pro- to another thus missing her letters,
on the south of ti e house	nVm	"I* nkrineers and firemen are re- freezes and thaws como and the at-	given it would better be accompani- <i*ice 10,000,000 c^gs. Some female	and himself had abstained from
one direct north on be inn Ha	!!r	crulted from below, but our higher tondant heaving of the ground, the	ed by an occasional cathartic, aloes «|idei\s produce 2,000 eggs, while a	writing until he could report better
attractive bv usinr nlnuts that	will	cluSS engineers, our high salaried wheat roots instead of being broken	or linseed oil. A horse that is sub- queer, bee produces 100,000 eggs in a	news. Then ho had fallen a victim
thrive in the shade	'	clerks who have something more to off and the plants destroyed, rise	licet to indigestion should bo fed season.	to dysentery, and, on recovering, had
If you want your garden to be a U° lhan he mprc recorders, our fu- and fall with the surface soil and hey or other roughage sparingly. | Jn 1800, 100.000 bales of cotton I written a long letter to his fiancee, success put your plants in the win- t,m' superintendents, must come from arc preserved intact. After the henv- In leed, it is an excellent plan to lasted the Lancashire mills for a explaining the reason of his silence, dow by the middle of September hut 110 et!ucalcd >'oun^ men. Western ing of tho soil is over with, tlie steam all roughage in such cases, yeai ; now tho same amount would ' Miss Matthews meanwhile believed do not forget to give them large 'rallvoads. constantly absorb the sup- roller may be used upon tho land, I Some succulent food can be fed to feed their spindles for a day and a ,,in* dead, in despair and without amount of fresh air Manv people Ipl,V °f lligb rloss inccl anics turned the surface soil compacted and then an advantage, but if fed too liberal- quarter.	j love, had married a man who
make tho great mistake of letting I °l‘t„byl\ho mcc!ianical departments the win tor roots begin to forge deep- ly it may prove injurious.	There arc over 200 brands of wine	Persistently wooed	her.	On returning
their plants remain out of doors un- I k. } !V >,g uni v^*sittes out that, way, cr in the soil for thmr supply of	produced	in France, but more wine	!from tIlc wedding	Amongst congratu-
til they are thoroughly chilled, and |	1 ,1V Supp y LSn L 0(lUa‘ tu the de~ plan^ food* H will be scon from the	--?-‘	I is drunk in England than in France, latorV letters and telegrams, she
JACK-IX-T^-BOX	pi	""" ^
If you have not the seat one can V10	college delve into the it should be applied as a top-dress-	- | A sad ease was that of the London
have a very attractive window bv cln?Mes or Lake tl,c "endemic course mg and should not under any condl- May Cause Trouble Between	bee,, invented in a,.ch-nt iimL ^ 5 I solicitor Caswell, who committed sui-
wiiesiiep sBikbi*
a line effect outside the house as well Pf111*16*1 educations there is room in plowed until after the wheat is drill- people smiled.	I .Smoking a pipe of medium size, of Caswell's shares. Then came u
ns inside. Begonias thrive wonder- p ecty 111 thc railroad business for	.any case the manure Some two years afterwards the is- snys a statistician, a man blows out I rumor from Australia that the min-
fullv in the second row needier th„ honest, bright and active young men should not be applied for wheat be- laud went under water, and was lost	0f his	mouth every time he	fills	the	ing company had go no broke. In a
s ight protection from the sun liven who Cim nbsorb the myriad matters for« plowing the land.	to everybody , the colonial posses-	bowl	700 smoke-clouds.	If	lie	frenzy of despair, lie wired for eon-
by the pots nearer the window	ronnccted with thc railroad, so that Incase commercial fertilizer is to sions of Franco decreased a few smokes four pipes a day for twenty firniutlon of tho news. Too imi.a-
Whcn repotting in the fall trv us WB mny recruit from their ranks thc bc depended upon for supplying addi- yards I After a while an English	years,	ho blows 20,440,000	smoke-	tient to wait, and, fearing the worst,
ing small pieces of charcoal into the ascnts' 11,0 trainmasters, the aids to tional plant food, one should be us- captain found an island in about the	clouds.	his mind gave way under the strain,
v,«to,K ^ -r	r r	^
ago. ns it keeps the earth sweet	two-tbiros of the doctors, lawyers I'hosphoi ic ac id which largely gives the British	. n r w . lessons of tho pupils. Three times a bo incorrect, ho found the solicitor's
SSr5p= »|;=psp isiEiP
su-iss: «sè sr- sutrjrs «5
* guished themselves in some one 1 criais should bo thoroughly mixed peared,	and	was	annexed	by	a
^ branch of the business. If you de- Vefore being applied and then should Dutchman,	who called it Van	Tromp
; sire proof of it look at the number be distributed evenly over the soil. Island.
1 of young men who hold responsible I The amounts mentioned above form places in the various roads. There only a light or moderate application is need for more of them and when i of fertilizer and in case the soil is you find one you must keep boosting • known to be deficient in any one of his salary along nicely or some other | tho ingredients mentioned, tliat one road will be coaxing him away “1 know of one instance where a I lion, young man of 30, who began in the ! If, when the wheat is beginning to supply department of a western road | grow in thc spring, it is slow in six years ago, has changed employers starting and retains its yellowish four limes in the last three, years, I or pale appearance, it indicates that each time with a big slice of addi- the supply of available nitrogen is tional salary, and is now chief con- ! deficient. Under these conditions an trading agent for one of thc biggest j application of from 100 to 150 lbs roads that does business out of Chi- nitrate of soda per acre will fre-engo. Ife had a business head on ; qucntly produce him, and industry in addition. Every road could furnish you a dozen such instances.
BITS OF INFORMATION
TRAGEDIES OF LETTERS,
You
HOME.

PEACHES
ae-
on-
•yruping
on
bo
a letter
ENLISTED IN THE ARMY
under nn assumed name, the lcttei The members of the Society of I forgiving him was delivered to his Friends who died last year were of bîto address. But ho never received nn average ago of sixty-onc years |,or did his parents ever see him seven months, a record for any so- again, although so mo years after one cicty.	j of the merchant's clerks confessed to
tho forgery.
Had a letter arrived a few hours sooner than it did it would have snv-
shot of a pistol sixty
had
DEAD BODY ON THE FLOOR
Principally upon circumstantial evidence, a few years ago, a man was 1,11 hanged. In spite of his plea of innocence and Ills endeavors to prove an alibi at tlie time the crime was supposed to have been committed. Then, the day following the execution, the chief inspector of police received a letter addressed to him, which had
THE BLAW BOON
nato as not to be able to have tne great pleasure of growing them. _ south attic window is particularly adapted for such a purpose.
An Englishwoman residing in the
side of Edinburgh was COtttin- ,.	.	. . ,
It is just probable that the island unlly complaining about the chimney bccn found upon the mantel-piece of
will one day como up as a large smoking, and, advised by her hus- I ,a roxom rocent,v occuplcd by a man piece of territory and stay ; there band,' went to the landlord, explain- n ,t!‘° ll0USC °f .a woman who took, are more unlikely things than that, cd her grievance, and asked him to in lodgor9" lho •9tter' which had oh Then tho countries that have annex- send a man at once to cure tho nuis- !t ,° inJunctior.. “This will save a ed it) at various times will think it ance.	mans life," was a full confession by
valuable enough to quarrel about. | Shortly afterwards a Scotsman nr- I H10 (Jot‘r of the	,,or, which 11,0
rived, and knocking at the door, in-	,man bad Piud the penalty,
quired:	Had the inspector received the letter
soon after the lodger had left, which was tho murderer’s intention, a miscarriage of justice would not have occurred; but it was not till a prospective lodgor was inspecting the room that the letter was found.
Young John Mann was madly infatuated with a pretty girl, but she was in no hurry for matrimony in good circumstances, he wrote to the girl tolling her she must accept him as a husband by such a time or not at all. Carefully thinking the ^ % matter over, she left it till the last » ^ stipulated day before despatching a letter accepting him and making arrangements for an early marriage. In vain she waited for the expected answer; but the letter had been delayed in the post, and did not reach bis home till a few days after her lover had left for America, leaving no ad# dress behind him.
RECIPES FOR INVALIDS
. Indian Meal Gruel—One tablespoon fire Indian or oatmeal, mixed smooth with cold water, and 1 small spoon salt; pour upon this 1 pint boiling water, and turn into a saucepan to boil gently for half an houi the mixture with boiling water if it thickens too much, and stir frequently. Whçn it is done, 1 tablespoon cream or a little new milk may bo put in to cool it after straining, but if the patient’s stomach is weak, it is best without either sons like it sweetened nutmeg added, but to mere palatable plain.
Milk Porridge—Two cups best oatmeal, 2 cups water and 2 cups milk.
Soak the oatmeal over night in the water, strain in the morning, and boil the water half an hour thc milk with a little salt, well and serve without powdered sugar Thickened Milk—With a little milk mix smooth 1 tablespoon flour and pinch of salt. Pour upon it 1 quart boi ing milk, and when it is thoroughly amalgamated, put all back .	. ...	„	,,
into the saucepan, and boil up once,	,liM \ lls seb*samc mu*d» of the individual attacked. If pro- wonderful roads and carried a weight
bring careful not to burn, and stir-	. .ut , Wus nut	a poet,	per soil conditions are	produced, if	of armor that	would crush the averring all the time to keep it perfectly	‘ „ u‘1'in	1C ov<?d jlcr	wc‘ •	abundance of available	plant food	age farm-ban 1,	lived on coarse brown
smooth and free from lumps. Serve niic v°' ' ' 1 . she 8 muld know it; js provided, the wheat plant may be bread and sour wine. They were with slices of dry toast.	p R| < |no,,ît,n;c sonnets grand, ab)0 to feed the hessian fly and at temperate in diet and regular in cx-
s|i|i o:pi BpqwAUf emog—isnoj, ijog	, ¦ Sa;f, ’	\	x\ar‘	dc2r;	the	same time continue its growth	ercise. The Spanish	peasant works
very much indeed, and nearly all do	?.»!“,V ,	p:	y mRld	,1?.p ^	,	and	develop the grain. During the	every day and dances	half the night,
when it is nicely made. Toast well,	e ' 1 be yours for ,l‘e* dear- next few years those farmers in our yet eats only his black broad, onion
but not too brown, a couple of thin	—>------------- northern and eastern states who de- and watermelon. The Smyrna por-
slices of bread Put them on a	sire	to continue the growth of wheat	ter oats only a little	fruit and sour
warm plate and pour over boiling	Of IOO units of	work done in Great	should make a study of the condi-	olives, yet he walks off with his load
ter. Cover quickly wiV* another	Britain, 13 are accomplished by	man	tions in which it thrives and should	of one hundred	pounds. The coolie,
plate the e.xme iizc. drain the water	power unaided by	machinery. In the	go far as possible make	these con-	fed on rice, is	more active and can
ofT. remove the upnar pinto, butter t'n:ted States only 4 per cent, o! ditions adapted to the demands of endure more than tho negro, fed on the toast, IÂit it \n tin oven one 1 work ’s done by man-power,	the wheat plant.	fat meat.
should be increased in tho applica-
o
A BRAKE FOR BOATS.
Count Posse of Sweden has invented an apparatus for stopping the headway of boats, which, he thinks, will be useful in preventing collisions between vessels of all kinds. Tho apparatus, which has recently been tested on a large steam launch, consists of steel-plate shutters, applied on both sides of the vessel about one-quarter of its length from thc stern. These can be opened and shut by the helmsman, with the aid of a lever. When the launch was going at full speed, nine knots an hour, it was stopped in fifteen seconds, within half its length, by reversing the engine and extending the shutters.
Is’t you that’s bothered wi’ the blaw doon?
Englishwoman sax ?
Thin
What's that you
Scotsman: I said is’t you that’s bothered wi’ the blaw doon, for I’ve got an Auld Wife at the fit o’ the stai
Englishwoman: (interrupting): I'm sorry I cannot help you. (Shuts the door.)
The man knocked at the next door to see if he had made a mistake, and the neighbor being a Scotswoman, of course understood, and after explaining matters to the woman who had the smoky chimney, the man was allowed to go to the housetop and adjust the Auld Wife (smoke curer) to cure the blow down.
Some por-and a little many it is
REMARKABLE RESULTS
Being
Many farmers are at the present time looking for a variety of wheat which is proof against the fly no such variety will be found ; but that it is possible to so improve the conditions under which the wheat And vowed that he would woo her, |plante grow that they will be able Day after day he spent his time In writing sonnets to her;
° I And through tho post
told,
For though it did him honour, lie was so very bashful that lie feared to call upon her.
believe
TO THE POINT
A poet met a pretty maid,
Put in boil up
at warm, with
in a large measure to resist the attacks of the fly, as well as other his passions I enemies, and produce a satisfactory
crop.
With plants, very much as with animals, the injury caused by diseased or fungus enemies depends largely upon Che vigor and strength
STRONG MEN
BREATH
The Roman soldiers, .who built such
An air trust will be the next thing I suppose.
Gracious! Now, that would bo I Professor Gautier, a distinguished enough to take one’s breath away! member of the Institut de France, 132 books have taken their titles has advanced a startling theory on_ from Shakespeare’s works, 40 of the subject of perpetual youth® them from Ilamlet	I isolating the bacteria of physical
fatigue he has found that it ie « poison' strongly resembling pto. rnaino poison in nature. From thk Professor Gautier deduces that fa ligue can, by the use of disinfectant Mr. Oldstyle—I don't think that a I bo avoided like any other poison college education amounts to much, and consequently man. no longs Mr. Sparevdtl—Don't you? Well you suffering from wear and tear, no# ought to pay my boys’ bills and see. I not weaken or ago.
PERPETUAL YOUTH
Id
é
London's daily and weekly papers arc 20 per cent, more in number than those of Ireland combined.





###PAGE###3###
m


i rlvod
Tho ivory was broken away And a small hole visible.
"Fetch me a piece of dough, quickly, also a copy of tho 'May Song/ " 1 «aid.
iio looked at mo an if he doubted my sanity, but obeyed my command and shortly returned with a lump of dough in a tea-cup. 1 picked up u small picto of it and, working it in my hands, pressed it firmly down upon tho damaged key. Then with tho music before me 1 sat down and played tho "May Song" from beginning to end.
With a beating heart I threw tho music aside, and removing the dough carried it to tho window and
BASUTO MARRIAGE
Throughout the Journey my companion had remained silent apparently lost in thought, but on reaching homo his morose mood vanished and he assumed an air of cheerfulness for his sister's sake.
Having arranged my toilet 1 adjourned to the drawing room, and there came face to face with Vera
«*-*-*"*	s:
mm
to nous rhythm until 1 crushed down the window that t might hear strain?. no longer.
I was young in those days,
worn out with repeated and unsuc-1 truth ces.sful c (Torts
WIFE-SELLING IN ENGLAND
AS HODR WITH UNCLE SAM
Girls Are Desired, for They May I A Fine Old Custom That is Not Ee Exchanged for Oxen.	Yet Extinct.
The Romance Of a Song. .
HOW THE BUSY YANKEE SPENDS THE DAY.
Among tho curious customs of tho
Baauto—customs which never change, I in tho twentieth century than but arc handed down from genera- dreamt of in nil our philosophies,
iSU*	ZrnZJ» riSSd	H‘»	- Neighbor
good render, you were n young I cy court the other day, where a Wor- iy Interest in His Doings.
homito, and hlid been smitten by tho Chester farmer declared that he pur- New water front property two a__
*dght of a pretty face (tho Hesuto chased a neighbor’s wife for a pipe a half miles Jong is to be erectin idea of beauty is quantity ; the lady of tobacco. Such things were com- South Brooklyn, must bo fat—very fat—or she has mon enough when the world was no chance of being considered beau- three generations younger and arc tiful), you would lie un aggrefcoor common enough if we are to believe QX_ jûjgainsl all tho laws of etiquette j wo hear in rural England to-day.
«mined it In the centre was a wc,° you to speak to her, though H is doubtful whether an old custom
green coloring tinged the edges of stable, your proper course of pro- doubt, as long as there are human '1 he Mormons are pushing a vigor-the aperture	ceduro would bo to hunt up some ! beings to sell them an<J human be- ous propaganda in
••Now do you see bv what means u,d la,,y Blend—if a mutual friend I inge to sell them to. But we may Slates of America, 180 missionaries your uncle died I asked jubilant- so n,uch thv better—and confide to | be sure that the trade in wives will being at work.
Iy. as 1 showed him tho success of ,lor wisl> 1,1 >«ttlo down and never bo revived again in England , The Government has determined my experiment.	many that particular fair one, beg- 1 wos a hundred years ago. i to make vutt improvements in the
"Candidly. I do not."	K"‘K l,, r to arrange everything for I here are sere and yellow files -> forti/ications round the harbor of
"listen then Your cousin	rave	you ns Kuon nM Possible!.	This she	Criming House Square which take
him tho ' organ after having	Lst	would, K'adiy do, taking	the first	h'» back to a strange England which
fitted it with a mechanical contri- opportunity to call on the mother none of us have ever known, and few vance which wo shall presently	re-	" "'ends „ the wished	for bride.	"I us can dream of. tour years be-
venl When a certain chord in	the	1,10 two ,iV,HS would then talk it	“ire the nineteenth century dawned—
May Song' was struck a poisoned °V,,T' '"mussing ways and means and in March, 1706-the Times announced needle was forced thrnurh i hole in your PosU,on in Dasuto society. A the sale of a wife in Sheffield for six-
1he kevs *1 have discovered Now a largc “mount of tact is necessary, pence and a little while afterward A larrytown bank, with $10,000
Ms the mother of the Indy must be I the same paper solemnly informed in ,(s vaults, was unable to unlock convinced that the marriage Is in i the public that the price of wives the door and was forced to borrow every way desirable. If your friend had risen in Smithfield Market from money with which to conduct could convince her that such was half n. guinea to three guineas and a business ; an expert opened the safe, the case you might consider that for- half. They were good old times, in- Mrs. Edwin Gould is one of the tune smiled on your cherished plans, deed, for the man who wanted to get most ardent collectors in America* To secure to the lady of your rid of the woman lie had sworn to and at one time she declared that choice the full rights of a wife you cherish. In 1803, it is recorded, a if she could only get hold of the would pay over to your future fath- man led his wife by a halter into the club with which Cain killed Abel she er-in-law so many head of cattle, nc- cattle market at Sheffield oral sold would be the happiest of women cording to agreement, which is all her for a guinea. The market value Thc facto,v inspector of Rhode Is-
JsLrB .zr: sssrs ssgtsxrjgus «
low townsmen. The woman was led The parents of your wife would or- to the market place with a halter gue that the payment of cattle was j round her waist and was knocked thc very least you could do to re- down for 18 shillings and a quart, of compense them for all thc terrible beer.
anxieties and expense that they had That was in 1855; but we need not gone to in bringing up their riaugh- go back nearly so far for evidence of ter for you.	Nor do thc	Dasuto ever	the wife-trade. Thirty years later-
niter in this	respect ;	even should	| in the eighties—a collier sold his wife
they become Christians, their chiefs I at Alfretoik, in Derbyshire, for four-
compel tho payment of cattle for I pence, and in the same decade, in the	I I JB, m m I |
their wives. Of course, herein lies | year of grace in which the bells rang j Bshed at	the	Teachers’	College,	Col-
tho explanation of thc joy manifest-I for the Jubilee of the Victorian Era. I umbia	University,	for	Southern
ed at the birth	of a girl	in a Dasuto	\ two Sheffield men agreed to tho buy-.	teachers,	no	distinction	of	race	or
up and ex-	ing and selling of a wife in a public I®**	xui*	be	considered	when	the
who house in the smoky city. "At the awards arc made. '\ he scholarships
the agreement | arc valued at $500.
child run: I Abraham Boothroyd, agreed There is only one licensed The to sell my wife, Clara, to William skipper in the United States
There arc more things in England
arc
Matters
of Moment Gathered
• •
nd
The roof garden owes its existence
There is no-
te American ingenuity, thing like it in Europe
It f corns that shipments of granite
the Eastern
.	. You have come to—to help mo ?”
the she asked, under her breath, for by the look in my face site know that 1 and j had become acquainted with tho
to get into tho
I nm going to try," I replied, as
swim' of tlio legal profession, she turned aside to introduce Heavens ! what a fight it warn ! j to hcr cousin.
TJS'	1,1 conscience sunk By the time dinner was over. 1
«mi nw-.r -r, my bnnkl,'B “«count learned tlmt llusil Men,bridge had
mmàmm
lie was in dire distress was at once than once apparent to me.	" his hard
•San Francisco
me
In Helen Keller, the and blind student at Radcliffe, the instructors in English arc beginning to believe tiare is hidden an author of thc first rank.
deaf, dumb
thousand other songs might have I only know that more	been played and	the same chord
during the meal I felt	' would probably not	have been struck
Critical eyes upon me, j and thc needle therefore did not pro-What is it ?" I asked, rising from I though he immediately turned away | trude. Your uncle felt it pierce his mv chair and gripping Tils hand. when I chanced to meet his look. 1 hand, but, believing it to be n lie sal down and passed his hand-	He displayed a harsh familiarity to- ' Kpasm of	some kind,	persevered	with
kerchief over his face before reply-	wards Vera which I could not	help I the song	despite his suffering,	bc-
lioticing she resented, and 1 knew cause he knew that his performance The	greatest	trial of my life, that	if,	indeed, lie lôved lier his af-	was being recorded,	and in so doing
Bernard—my	sister	1"	fcction	was certainly not reciprocal-	sulTused Uic poison	throughout his
My blood turned cold. Vera Mid-	cd. '	] system."
winter, the woman whom above all I	Not until dessert was on the	table I Midwinter started	back in horror
others 1 respected and whom in the	did anyone broach tho painful	sub-	| ut this revolution and	dropped	into
secrecy of my heart 1 knew I loved !	1 jeet that was uppermost in	the	minds	j a chair.
AVhnt of her ?	of all of us, and then a chance re- "But what object had Basil in
Your sister ?"	1 stammered, mark of Midwinter's turned thc con- taking his uncle’s life if the will was
"She is not—dead ?"	versntion In that direction.	made in his favor ?" he asked.
"No. It were better almost if she "Was Mr. Bembridge in the habit I "Possibly he was in dire need of a had been. But I will be open with	of playing upon the organ	?"	I	ask-	| large sum of money, but, personally,
you, Bernard. You have heard of	cd, at length.	1 think it questionable	if the	will
my uncle .John Bembridge, the great • "Well, the instrument had	not was made in his favor 1"
singer and composer, who is just been in his possession long," re- "What do you menu 7" dead ?"	! plied Vera. "Indeed, 1 believe that | "Might not tho will you found in
"Certainly. He wrote the 'May j only on that tragi : occasion did ho | the drawer have been a forgery ?" Song,’ did he not—thc song that has ! sing the ‘May Song’ with tho accom- "Good heavens ! no. Besides, in brought nil Britain to his feet ? paniment of the organ. Of course, | Unit ease we should have come across And I believe there was a certain you know he was a great singer ?" another, and tho house has been amount of mystery connected with | "Yes, I have heard him in public , turned upside down." his death ?"	I several times," i responded
Jl<* was murdered."	"And he made a large sum by j on paper.
Murdered f How ? By whom ?" singing into the phonograph, which would have I do not know. The facts
Its
ing
is 88 years an active man of business, I read a great deal of the poetc and imaginative writers they help to keep me man."
US
HIS WIFE AND HIS OXEN
a young old
A huge block of apartment houses is being demolishd and cleared to give
u way to t h# new man-
additional area grounds surrounding the sion of Mr. Andrew Carnegie Nineteenth Street and Fifth Avenue, New York.
at
A will need not always be made
at least, so novelists ‘us believe," I replied.
ai‘0 j he happened to be doing when he j "Have you tried the phonograph ?" these. My sister I should tell you, died. Almost the last tiling lie said :	My companion was clctarly becom-
liad been keeping house for him for , to me was that lie had contracted to ing confused. He simply stared at some time past, because lodgings 1 supply a number of records to a me like one confronted with somc-Mich as mine are hardly congenial j West-end firm, and intended that thing he does not understand. With-suiroundings for n girl with her levelling to sing the May Song* into , out waiting for him to reply I walk-titslcs and accomplishments, and, I the machine. Then he suddenly i cd across to tho phonograph and us you know, wc have no parents, thought of the organ, and decided to j ployed all thc records thc box Bembridge apparently conceived a i try the effect of his voice and the in- tained one after another, yet it great liking for Vera ; fn fact, he | strament together upon the phono- seemed that at last I was to fail, once told me ho had never met a girl graph. The organ was a present Songs, dances, and orchestrated who had a more loving disposition. I from my cousin, and arrived about pieces followed each othei And she loved him, too, despite his | three weeks bachelor’s eccentricity
"Well, ten days ago Vera was up-I lifted his glass of port and swallow stairs while he was singing the cd tho «entente at a gulp.
'May Song’ and accompanying him- "You doubtless know tho self upon the organ in the large din-hSo,lK* very well ?" 1 asked.
ing-room below. Suddenly she heard Ho stammered out some inaudible it emerged the cound of a human	, . .	0
the music cease while the song was reply, and rose from his seat to take I voice. Wo listened in breathless sus- Jou 1,lu*v . usc on v •xullr Pc'ri1, i PrICC WrtW *'.\< d at v.0 shi.lings
hhhéhHMwbbi
iHl
In the scholarships lately es tab-
family. She hibited by first slaps ing
come many herds of cattle 1
birth of a boy on the other hand, is I Hall, both of Sheffield, for thc sum I is Mrs. Blanche Leathers, and deplored, for he is regarded ns an |of five shillings expensive and unprofitable trouble
is taken
her grandmother
her and then kisses lier, | Koyal Oak, Sheffield Luck ! From this
woman
She
con
she
There is not oven ^ commands the Natchez the relief in these cases of consoling	largest steamboats on the Misslseip-
until tho	But	to resume.	Being now a	son-1 one’s self w ith the reflection that the	pi, and makes regular trips between
various airs became a medley void	in'law*	y°u	must have a care	how sale of the wife is a thing of impulse,	j Vicksburg and New Orleans.
1 glanced at Basil Bembridge as lie of all harmony as they rung through yo4'! ,Jo.P°rt >ourse.f toward your Often enough it is a d» liberate coin- Mrs. William J. Bryan has erected
my head. Then 1 picked up thc final foOier-m-law, as you will be expect-| merctnl transact ion in cold blood, ns a handsome monument to the mem-record, and, placing it in tlic ma- 0< ^ take a subservient position In in the case that came to light a lew (,rv tJf |ier father, John Baird, who May chine, started the mechanism. Thu	,cgai(	m*	He may send	for - years ago in which the wife, with 1er	died recently. The stone is of gran-
scratching began, and presently from	you,:it	an-Ythe day or night parents nnd two friends, met to nr-	itc from Massachusetts, and has
to do all kinds of menial work, and | range thc terms of the sale. I he been set up in the family lot in
d Wyuka cemetery, near Lincoln, Neb.
one of the
ago
to
Mor-
Mrs. 1
II. Briggs of Auburn,
Bembridge, a lieutenant in the army
who is at present stationed at York, j eventful evening. All the records
The house alone is left to my sister, that could be found In the house.	.	.	.
Now, cannot you eve how Vera is I "ere likewise produced, including the i . A.nd 9? the truth was revealed and Implicated ? Bernard, her position ono that still remained in the ma- r'&ht triumphed over wrong. In the
Is a terrible one ! She Is as good chine, a silent witness to the tra- i d‘nry. wc ,ou,nd nmP,e P"'"' that as suspected oi murder, and the dis- Hed>- 1 had communicated my sus- lh® Phonographic will was the cor-cuvery of the will made against her Picions in part to Midwinter, and ^ one a"d the other a forgery, renders the suspicion the more tan- he and 1 were left alone in tho N*1,th1er >\ad ,Ba*n Bcmbrtdgo com- g
giblc. Of course, she Js Innocent ; room.	plctnd the forgciy without making | Scientists In Europe are much sur-
1 know it, you know it, but will the' * believe tiie phonograph will tell certain incriminating flaws, for he ! prised at a story which recently ap-world believe it ? No."	|us something," 1 volunteered, as, mentioned therein that the organ | peared in thc Independent, a paper
setting the mechanism in motion wo was a£a,n become his property, i published at Saint-Omcr, and which bent over it side by side.	a/*d the copyright of the May	of thc remarkable vitality of
seconde	dat- Very	^_________________________________________________
melody	began. A weird and	en-	c<? thv win more than a year	pre-j Mr jj. A- Stewart, n horticultur-150,000 of his recipes printed.	GRAINS OF GOI.O
trancing composition it was fas ci n-	vious to that in which the famous : js^	residing	at Karnes, a village in	Within two weeks something like	1x.	. ,	.	.	,	.
ating in its tragic beauty. Soon	meiody	was composed. His love for the	jslnnd	of Bute, tells thc story.	46,000 or 47,000 farmers had con-	J^sputch	,1R	the	soul	of	business-
there broke out a clear tenor voice;	yera Midwinter was no doubt a	One of his friends,	he says, who	lives	j tribu Led	their stamps for the printed	Chester ic ( .
the notea rose and fell with gentle	l>hml ; but*	becoming suspicious of	in Glasgow, went	to Egypt a few	recipes.	By-und-by several hundred	There is not n	moment	without
„1cadence till they swelled in a wild mc/ bo disappeared, and when his months ago, and one day he found a!of them brought	some duty—Cicero,
crescendo that hold me spell-bound.	was Proven f o t-be wo; Id nc handful of peas in the sarcophagus j of them bought stout cudgels and Distance lends enchantment to the
Passion lived in tho voice—thc voice	10 j*1*1 lor rest.	of one of the Pharaohs, who died! railway tickets and started out to view—Campbell.
of a master lost in the beauty vf 1 wo days Inter Vera and myself three thousand years ago. Impelled interview the advertiser.	JIow disappointment tracks the
his own creation.	were standing together before he | by simpIe curiosity, he put them in At. his office they were informed he Bt*ps of ll0ne-Lnh.ion.
Then of a sudden thc notes Jarred;	ell-tnle	phonograph when I took hcr h, is	pocket, intending to sow them in	had left to attend to important busi-	... ,	.	..	,	...
apparently in his fervour he had	Band in	mine. his	garden	when he returned home,	ness at road and he was not expected	^"at	loneliness 18 more lonely t!	an
missed	his accompaniment,	but rfow cnn 1 cver Hiank you	for though ho had very little hope that back. All he had left was n package	dls1,u*l‘ t,eorgc‘ lLl,ot'
lighted himself and continued ns be	aM -vou hav®	1,0116 for mc 6he	any of them would	cver blossom.	of 3,000	or 4,000 slips of paper on	The early morning	hath	gold	in	its
fore. The sing) ig became quicker,	murmured.	You saved my name	This intention he	duly carried	out,	which was printed the following:	montât.—Franklin,
the accompaniment less careful, and Q“d I'^ haps my life !	I and great w as Ids amazement when Put thc beetle on n Oat stone, then True dignity is never gained by
"jail tho brilliancy died from the	•v<‘t * am T°'nff to i1sl< 11 re™ I he found that thc pens blossomed in hit him with another.	place, and never lost when itonors
voice uutil it was merely common- Wa!,~a reYrnrd , hope I have earn- due course and eventually attained	— f	are withdrawn.—Massinger,
place. Faster arid faster yet Hie cd;,' 1 f 111 ed.	^	la height of six feet. Their pods, he |	THEY HAD GONE.	Wc Iove in others what we lack in
miLsic rolled on and the singer could	t,mt ,s”	1 found, were on an average seven to a few years ago the inhabitants of ourselves, and would be everything
scarcely keep paco with it ; all	! .	,	.	.. eight centimetres in length by two a nortliern town were thrown into a but what we are—Stoddard.
güE
aH-Hx51 ~ ^r^sisss^ EHEt
He stared at me m wonder.	A package of diamonds dropped in- cd os a most extraordinary plicuo- ing unable to obtain admission. A [ * )d a Hill
"How	?"	to the	Hudson	River at	Hoboken, ! men on by all those	who have heard	large stage had been erected, with	14»ruch depends upon a man's rmir-
"Did the doctors say In what man-	was recovered	by a diver	in fifteen the story.	the	usual foot-lights and drop scene.	^ when hc ^ slandered	ind i,n
ner the po.son entered the HvnUm ? minutes.	______._______ IA splendid local orchestra had also ^pdWeak men are crashed bv
tSHS HliKKP STOPS A WEI1UJSQ.	............
% :	j ~ tuïégtru»- —^ i “	i	! SlHDSHvs
It was late In the afternoon when I rushed to tSe orgue and threw	,jf thcse :!SiL»49 wc|.e un,|c|. ten years	son. Tho groom retired on the	drawn up, only to disclose a poster
reached London and a cab ! ffpen th6 kvYa Bending down I ex-	of age	wedding eve and fell into a sound	similar to those outside
speedily carried us from Paddington wnined it minutely with the aid of n	Bjo ocres under sharp will produce	I sleep, fiyom which ’he most stronu-	could hc read the words in bçld type:	The Upper House oT the German
to Clarence Park. Midwinter had I porket magnifying glass, and not food enough for 50 people. Thc same I ous efforts failed to arouse him. They are gone! fJ hey are gone!	Parliament, the BundeWath. has 58
wlrofl	to	his	sister	to	prepare a	room	until on	the	point of abandoning	amount	under	wheat will	feed 250 Weeks have passed	end the	young	A	rush was made for the pay-box,	members, hot elected, but	appointed
far lne,	and	everything	was	in	readi-	mY fcrnn	1	1	u discover a snglit	people;	under potatoes. 520 persons; I man still slumbers,	while his	bride-	but	the anBounccmcnt proved only	by the Governments of the	individiiâl
noÊB for my reception when vo 16kip at tiie e< ge ull<-' v Hie notes. ttnd umier bananas, 00<f.	* to-be is disconsolate	*oo true. They had gone!	States of the German Fedtratien.
of nose, and a taste for queer rocks and butterflies.
TIIE GENIUS OF TIIE CENTURY
His history is briefly told. After several days of thought hc discovered a sure way of making money, and.
A Crop Grown From Peas 3,0001likc othcr men- hc was in a hurry to
'try it. He made haste to insert the
following in several country weeklies:
Sure way to kill thc potato beetle. Send twelve stamps without delay to X Y Z cannot fail.
Then he hired a dray to bring his letters from the post-office and had
Dr. IJatoyama, a member of the Japanese Diet and a well-known jurist, will leave Japan in September for the United States to receive th« degree of LL.I). from Yale. Dr. Ha/ toy am a will read an essay compar ing thc laws of Franco and Japai and will return to Tokio in time take his scat when the Diet meets «/ thc close of thc year.
MOST EXTRAORDINARY
Years Old
for a recipe that
He sank back exhausted and buried his face in his hands. As for mc, tho knowledge of the girl's peril urged me not to spare myself until 1 had convinced the world of her in-
nocence.
"Where is Miss Midwinter now ?
1 queried.
"At the house, No. 57 Clarem Park, and I verily believe if she were to leave she would be Instantly arrested. And my cousin is there, too, trying in vain to find some clue that will clear her name. The police have tho case fn hand, but have failed completely, and in some extraordinary manner thc facts have been kept out of the newspapers. It’s a good deal to ask, Bernard, but would you conic down and stay there also few clays ? I would rather you take the matter up than anyone.**
I will come willingly.*’' I returned. "But I do not profess to be a Sherlock Holmes," 1 added, with a laugh.
I
• «
"J know ; but I used to think— though I may h.av<yt>cen wrong—that you—well, liked my sister a bit," he said, awkwardly. "Rut for her eitkc—my sake—come !"
1 felt a hot flush i unbidden to my cheeks.
"I am right ing a smile ; you too. Could you come to-day-new ?"

" he continued, forc-and I think she likes
and succeed —Feltlmm.
Discretion is the perfection of reason. and a guide to us in all the duties of life. It is only found in men of sound sense and good understanding.-Hruyere.
On it-

###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
PONTIAC |A Plain Truth Plainly Told I
WOOLLEN
MILLS
MASSEY-HARRIS
SMART & SMITH
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE
SHAWVILLE, OCT. 17, 1901
'M
7M>
Mr. Madrrs M. P. has been offered and has accepted the chief justiceship of the Northwest Tenitoriea in tucceaMon to the late Judge R mleau.
Mr. B. M. Britt>n, M. P., Kingston, has been appointed judge of the High Court of Canada, which meins that there will be another election in Kingston soon with good chances of a Conservative capturing the seat.
Our Ladies’ Jackets are New, Stylish and well made. All selling at exceedingly popular prices.

vv
Cold Weather
Have commenced opera-
tions for the season and
HERE THEY ARE :
Requisites.
will be found thoroughly equipped to do a satisfactory trade with the farmers of the surrounding country.
$4.75
The Ottawa Medical society at its annual meeting last Friday placed itself on record as emphatically endorsing compulsory vaccination- The whole night was spent
L	iCustom work wiU receive
that recent vaccination is an absolute preventive from the disease. The society endorsed the recommendations of and measures tiken by Dr. Law.
$5.75
Cooking- Stoves and Heaters
Horse Blankets
Robes.
$7.00
careful and prompt attention, and the public may rely on getting the best satisfaction.
1
Every Coat lined throughout.
The Writs have been issued for the by elections to till the vacant seats in the Legislature of this province. Nominations have been fixed for Oct. 24, polling, Oct. 1 The vacancies are cant by appointment of W. J. Watts, to be registrar of Montreal ; Yaudreuit, vacant by appointment of Dr. Lilondo to office ; Levis, vacant by appointment, C. Langelier, to be sheriff of Quebec, and Quebec, vacant by appointment, N. Ga-reau, as member of legislative counci'.

ANDREW HODCINS,
Call now if you wish to see the best assortment.
Drummond, va
HONG KEE,
MACFARLANE BROS
New Grinder
Big stock of Coarse and Fine Harness.
CHINESE LAIPHY,
SMART & SMITH.
The Pro testant Teachers of this Province, in Convention at Montreal last e week, decided to memorialize the Conn- IfllcÛll StPBOt " S 11 EL W VI11 IB »
cil of Public Instruction praying them to	*
take the necessary steps to obtain from Laundry work of all kinds clone In first the provincial legislature an act fixing | class style the minimum salary of female teachers at <20 a month.
In some cases salaries range as low as $14 a month, and on account of the small pay there is such a scarcity of teachers, that incompetent ones had to he engaged in many cases.
Next door to Miss A. McRae's
In order to meet our increased trade we
have put in a New Champion Grinder
with a capacity of 80 to 100 bushels per hour (double that of the old one.) Farmers can depend upon getting their hashing done in a first-class manner and without delay.
P. S.—Percival Sulkey and Walking Ploughs.
Here it is ! The Place
One of the things that the English have yet something to learn about is Canadian geography. The London Leader, for instance, speaks of the Duke being at Halifax, where he shot the Chaudière lumber slides. The writer evidently supposes that a man shooting the rapids at Ottawa would in a few minutes land at Halifax, take the street car to Vancouver, B. C., and return to the Ctpitil for dinner. Canada is a few sizes larger than s une of our English friends have yet realized it to be. —Toronto Mail and Empire.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
THE SljAWVILLE MILLING GO
1901
1901
OR


Eavetroughing,
Roofing and
Melbourne Oct. 8 —In the Federal I	1	t B
House of Representatives today the Com-	n	O’
monwealth tariff bill was introduced by
the Right lion, Charles Cameron King-	-	-	.	.
ston, member of Trade and Commerce, MôZltiy uOHO ât lOWGSt who congratulated the House that from	TIWMO
this moment free traie existed among	priC6Se
the stales of the Commonwealth.	----
Mr. Kingston explained that the new n A I P DDflO tariff would be on the lines of moderate| UMLL DllUU protection.
He announced that the Government intended to introduce a system of bonuses instead of encouraging the establishment
of new industries, especially in the case I P. S.—Highest price paid
lSrelt9d iron 1,,d l00illy msde I for Calfskins and Pelts.
a
v

OREMOST
URNITURE.

8
Australian Tariff Bill

'•
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.
FARMERS,
Before you commence your Fall plowing come and take a look over our stock of
Plows. Sulkey Plows guaranteed to be the best on the market. We also handle Tinkler’s Patent Plow.
e e
• #
¦I
We have also a first-class assortment of
Shawville.
TERMS REASONABLE.
CHARGES MODERATE. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
PERSONAL ATTENTION
McRAE & McGUIRE
J. GRAHAM
SHAWVILLE.
«
FARM
Hon. Clarke Wallace Dead
the filling he has put in the drain, and if
ho does not have the obstruction removed II A Mil/g I I PJft forthwith that the council will have the V II H fl VI LLC U
said obstruction removed at his ex- ; I J
pense.	^ NEW
Moved by Coun. Henderson, sec. by Coun. Smiley, and resolved, that the Secietary notify R chard Rsmctt to__ move his fence forty feet north from the concession line across front of lot twenty range six. If not removed by the first day of November next, that the council will take an action at law fora 1 oundary.
Moved by Coun. Henderson, sec by Coun. Taber, and resolved, that the council procure shingles and have the horse-shed at the hall shingled forthwith.
Moved by Coun. Smiley, sec. by Coun.
Taber, and resolved, that this council do ; Qm now adjourn.
A. W. McKichnie,
Sec. -Treasurer.
THE MARKETS.
Clarke Wallace whose illness ' TO Lot OP GlVO OH SllcLTBSe
The Hon
was briefly mentioned in these columns I	-----
last week passed peaceful! away at his Comprising Lots 13 and 14 on the 7th home, Wood bridge, at 6.30 oil ck on range of Clarendon and containing 200 Tuesday night.	acres of land. The premises are in good
the late t apt. riathanul Wallace a native able. Tor further particulars apply to of S igo, Ireland, who came to Canada in Hoixjins Bros., North Clarendon4 or J. 1834, was born at Wood bridge, Out, | M. Hodgixs, Shaw ville.
May ‘21st, 1844, and was consequently in his 58th year. He was educated at ihe 1 c 1 school 1 and at the Western Grammar school ; aftsr which he devoted some yaars to teaching, and was the founder of
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 00 to 00c. Oats per bushel, 3) to 32c. Pease per bushel, 03 to 65c. Buckwheat, 40c. per bush. Eggs, per dozen, 12c.
Butter, per pound, 15 to 16c. Wool, per pound, 14 to 15c. Pelts, each, 00 to 75c.
Hides, $4.00 to $5.50. Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each.
We Satisfy.
SASH and DOOR
C
re*
FACTORY.
PEOPLE WHO BUY THIKR GOODS AT OUR STORE GO AWAY SATISFIED THAT THEY PROCURE
BEST VALUE FOR THEIR MONEY
IN ALL LINES OF 4
BRISTOL COUNCIL
,	,	,	. Minutes of regular session of the Mu-
the Schools Saving Bank syu*m. In 1874 nicipal Council of the Township of Bris
he an! hu brother Thomas F. establish- tol, held in the Town Hall on Monday ed the milliug and commercial firm of the 7th day of October, 1901.
Wallace Bros. Wood bridge.	Present : Councillors Smiley, Taber,
The pub ic carrer of the late Mr. Wal- | Henderson and Lucas, lace dates from 1874 when he was elected
In connection with my former business I have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
OTTAWA
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Butter, print, 23c. per lb.
Moved by Conn. Henderson, sec. by I “ pails. 19 to 21c. per lb to the \ ork Goun'y Council as Iteeve of Coun. Smiley, and resolved, that Coun- Eggs, fresh, 18-, per ooz.
Vaughan. He bec une H arden of the cillor Lucas occupy the chair in the ab- New Potatoes, 05c. per bag.
County of Vork in 18<8 and the same ! sence of the Mayor.—Carried.	Lamb 8 to 10c per lb
YoTwLfch he" I reafDUtea °f “ °f	Mutton, 0 toSc.'perlb.'
one of the earliest and warmest support- utes as read be adopted. Chickens, A> to 50c. a pair, ersof tho national policy, and his re- Moved by Coun. Smiley sec by Coun. Oats, 42 to 43c. per bushel, election in West York in 1896 ani in Taber, and resolved, that the Spec-Supt. Hay, $5.00to $10.00 per ton.
C*01 wai secured by large majorities. of roads be instructed to locate a road Wool, 13 to 14c. per lb.	I	Fort William, Ont., Oct 8.—Unleu Thanking my many customers for
The late Mr. W al aca was a staunch and draw up a Proces-verbal of the n-_j_ j-_= wheat begins tu move from this place their liberal patronage In the past
e*i**r~
.	..	.	¦¦ Moved by Coun. Henderson, «ec. by from the VVe.t,.o that un!e«.o,ne la,g. «P'0*1’'"»»‘he T.W. H.nd* Co. fire-
large.y instrumental 1.3 preventing the Coun Smiley, and resolved, that said • j	f • i t *	shipments are made the question of stor- wo* ki manufactory in West Hamilton this
passage of the measure. Appointed con- Procès verbal be, and is hereby homo-1 X ,*	*ge	will be a serous one here, unless the ^.S*1?0011 • The explosion occurred in a
(roller of cu.toms m the adminietration located.	,	1 ? i • ,1 .	“ j e d	so' steel Unk elevitor i* u«ed.	building in which Prof. T. W. Hand
| ¦¦¦¦¦¦I	Pursuant to adjournment same mem- ! property.	brought here from Ottawa, Ontario, con explosion of the aamn" ran
bers present.	Moved by Coun, Henderson, sec. by trary to the alien labor law. United factory. at	th"
Moved by Coun. Talx?r, sec. by Coun. j Coun. Taber, and resolved, that the . States Commissioner Banker will make Later.—Prof H«nfi du (n o* t u Smiley, and resolved, that for the pur-1 Secretary notify James Dodd to remove] an official invcs'igation.	Hospital at a late luur tonight
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
W. H. Lucas, Mayor Pro-Tern
HAVE A LOOK AT THE CHOICE SELECTION OF
Big Wheat Supply
SEASONABLE GOODS
For which I am now prepared to receive orders» and guarantee first class work.
ELEVATORS AT FORT WILLIAM ARE FILL
INO UP.
WE ARE NOW SHOWING BEFORE LAYING IN YOUR : ; FALL SUPPLIES. : :
Silas Young,
E eva
JOHN 6. ElLIOTf
Starke’s
Corners.
PROPRIETOR.
Prof. Hand Killed
FRESH and CURED
BY AX EXPLOSION IN HIS FIREWORKS
MANUFACTORY.
MEATS'
t •
memorable first session if 1806. was
of all kinds at
THE SHAWVILLE
IV(eat Market
J. Œ. McGUIRE,
Three children lost their lives in a fire fit Montreal on Thursday,
Proprietor.
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Court Shawville»
No 276.
LOFT
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
rüBLÏSHKD EVERY TH Ui(HDAY
AT BHAWV1LLK, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION—$ 1.00 A YEAR /N ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearage» are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.
m
County Pontiac a Largest Ware-Rooms.
Meets the 4th Wedoee day of every month.
Court dues muet be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cor* dtally Invited
A. SMILEY, Prop.
L.B.C
American
Coal Oil.
J. A. Cowan, R 8.
H. 8. Barnett,F.B
<>
John Beckett, C. It
ADVERTISING RATES i
Legal advertising eight cents per line for first insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at 14.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or I The spot for— for longer periods Inserted at low rates, I which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub- Itir Your Turn next 11 shed free of charge. Obituary poetry th cents per line.
HAW VILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
S
V
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, ok A Clean Shave.
L
i
???
Just received a car of American Coal Oil, direct from the refinery, placing us in a position to save our customers 5 cents a gallon on their Oil. We can sell you
Stv.; \ if
regular 25c. American Oil for 20c ; 30c. quality for 25c. First time you come to town bring along your can and get sample.
???
ree
£u.
•*
GEO. HYNES,
JOB PRINTING
The Perrin Sulkey Plow.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER.
SHAWVU.LE, - - QUE.
f.
The construction of this Plow is such that all dragging on the ground or against the land is done away with, and as a result, even with a heavy driver, its draught is lighter than any other plow doing the same work. The width and depth of the furrow can he regulated with certainty by the driver without his getting off the plow and without interfereing with the management of tho team.
Intending purchasers will be allowed to have a trial of the plow to convince themselves of these facts.
i
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, M.D.,C.M.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
Graduate of McGill University,’
Office—Residence of the late Dr. II. H Knox. Shawvillo.
Office hours—Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
I also keep a complete stock of f une rul Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
A. SMILEY.
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Ornes and Rksidencs : J. U Armstrong's House, MAIN STREET - - 8HAWVILLK.
The Best Assortment
The Largest Stoclç
District and Country.

Obituary
LEGAL.
and
The late Francis Trelford, who died on Sept. 22nd, 1901, was horn in CountyiLei-trim, Ireland, in 1834, and emiiroited to Clarendon in 1841. In 1840 she married Ralph Horner, and took up residence In Litehfield where they remained till 1850, when they removed to Clarendon. The deceased's husband, the late Ralph Horner, died October 10th, 1873.
The late Mrs. Horner leaves to mourn her loss four sons and four daughters, who
:—Mrs. George ncox and Mrs. CThrendon : Mrs.
BOORBEAO RAINVILLE, 1. L.L
'I
BRYSON
ADVOCATE
of Goods may be seen at
i
# #
J. F. GRONAUS
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, &o
G. F. HOGGINS.
Hoorn 25, Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks are ns follows, respectively
St., Ottawa, Out.	Trelford, Mrs. Stephen Jon
At euawvlll., second and fourth Thursday	^
of each month.	George, Edward and William John. She
Office-over G. F. Hodglns* Store, Main St.	also leaves III grandsons, 20 grand-daugh-
ters and one great grand-daughter.
LADYSMITH,
who keeps all the staple lines of
Dry Goods, Clothing, Boots & Shoes, Groceries, Hardware, Crockery, Paints, Oils, 4c.
If you warnt the Best Goods at the Lowest? rices make your purchases at J. F. Groaau’s.
f* EO C. W RICH Te (The following lines in inemoriam were
w ^ ^	' ¦ J ..written hy a friend :
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
Dearest mother, thou has hast left us Left us fora brighter home—
Thou art gone from earth to heaven,
There to wear a starry crow n.
0 yes. dear mother, how we miss you More than any tongue can tell ;
0, how hard it was to part thee
And to say the last fore well !	I „et of cirriige fur robes shown by Rev.
s nruiiD u nnucm n n i	i O, your face so sweet and peaceful,	Father 8innetteof tiheenboro ; he brought
ARTHUR mCuUNtfcLL, 0. u. Le, I \ our white hands folded on your breast; them from South Africa ; to many he
**A,lce y°uI (*ear features pointed out the beautiful sewing on them Told us you were cafe at rent.	I 8trap,. etc„ the work all having been
done by Boer weimn ; the fur is a rich brown, close'y speck’ei with email white spots.
Short addressee were given by Mr.
Thes. Murray, M. P , and Mr. G. Drabs
son. They spoke from the stand in the I The largest nugget yet found in the centre of the ground*, in the evening, Yukon district was discovered last week.
President M. Hayes, presiding. Both ft weighed 97 ounces and is worth $1,552. gentlemen hoped for the early building of	¦
the Ottawa river canal, and for railway Ten Boer leader.., captured alr.ee Sep* extenrion and bridge building. Mr. 15,b. have been banished by Lord Kitch Brabtz n laid he was sure Mr. Murray *?er. ln accordance with h a proclamait n doing all in hie power for the benefit of August , h last
of his constituents, and he wou’d always Tne Belleville Electric Street Railway, be ready to help him to the utmost of his two miles in length was sold by auction r-Wer. Beth seemed to bo of the opinv n under mortgage, and was purchased by t hat asno great political questions were j Mayor Graham for $0,750.
w.... ,. ***. o,™ | iSSBS’S jsitissi t tasaa1 If you want one write us-
monkv to LOAN on EASY terms. | the fo 1 .wing report of Agucultural Jlbl di , at‘ th; exhibition, and the I «uPPortere, and 30 93-100 mille for sepat-BRYSON. - - QUE.	Society No 2 exh.b.tion, he^ at Ch.peau flct ^.t the weather had turned out at. school supportera.
Will be In Shawville on Tuesday and Sat-1 villrge on October 1st and 2ndI ln the beautjful in the afternoon. The throng
L™:i;	ss	...h.»,,
10M r d	. yesr, but all shown were of fine quality.1
J. J. TURIMtKf	Cattle were>ore numerous than last 3 e ir,,
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County Mr. F. A. Maloney showing no less than A pret‘y wedding was so e anized i 18%
Pontiac. Sales conducted In a business-like forty nine head, all nice animale mostly Mary's church (Juyon at mix o'clock Wed-and satisfactory manner. Hoods or articles	Durham. Many grade Ayrshire, nesday evening last, when Mr. James
or private ea^on Veasonabï?*terms.PPub? etc., were also shown, and we noticed our Tavin and Mies Tesaie Moyle joined hearts lie sales conducted at shawville once a friend, Mr. M. Keon of Sheenboro, right and hands for life. The ceremony was a variety of article*,aVT*/* on at the front. The swine exhibit was good, perfo nnd by B. J. Kiernan, parish priest. ian< or sa e.	'	if not large, also the exhibit of sheep ; and Despite the early hour, the sacred edifice
the poultry display was better than in was well tilled with friends of the bride former years. Some fine carriages were and groom. The bride, who was attended shown, but few implements.	by her sister, Miss Maggie Moyle, was
Unfortunately the hall was not thrown handsomely gowned in a suit of navy blue open to the public until nearly 4 o'clock, cloth, trimmed with black taffeta silk.
The directors explained that this warn She wore a black velvet turban to match
OF THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC
Trust Building —
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1324.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
Giorge Benson died in a dentist's chsir at Montreal, under the influence of chclo form for an operation.
Ten thousand sovereigns have been found at the bottom of Like Champlain, where they have lain since 1777.
All kinds of Farm Produce taken in exchange.
ADVOCATE, dec*.
LAW CHAMBERS }
At Shawville 3rd Thursday each month. At request attends Courts in District of Pontiac. Prompt collections and immediate remittances. Special attention to correspondents.
MAIN STREET	¦ I ¦	¦
HULL, • • QUE. | We will misa your footsteps coming,
We will miss your sunny smile ;
We will miss your sweet voice calling But God alone can reconcile.
We are Agents for
The C. P. R. at its last annual mectirg decided to set apart $260,000 as the nucleus of a pension fund for its employe*.
THE WINCHESTER
God has called thee home to heaven, .
There to join His glorious hand,
There to sing ills praises ever With His angels round the throne.
What a happy thought came to us,
When our hearts were tilled with woe We will meet you, mother dear,
In your white robes—white as snow,
.......... i —	A..r A place is vacant In our home J
SHAWVILLE ¦ * ¦ * QUE. Which never can be tilled
W. W. IRELAND,
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court
ne
was
Rifles and Guns.
•I»
S. A. MACKÂY, B.C.L.,
Chapeau Fair
NOTARY FOR THE
“hsluS'lo^.nj.avmos
McDougall & cuzner,
A Smi h a Fa Is woman has ma r ad a man named Nai!. It is caay to see who will be matter of that family. No woman can drive nail.
HARDWARE MERCHANTS,
Sussex St., OTTAWA*
urday of every week
The W. C. Edwards Co, will send a...................................................................................
doctor to the shantiei to look after the The birch bark canoe in which the Duke I Africa, says the Star. The action is taken vaccii atio . of all the r men in the shanties; and Duchess of Cornwall and York made out on beha f of Mr. W. H. Elly, attor-none will be employed who have not been the trip from the foot of the slides to ney-at-law, of Hartford, C nnecticut, sole vaccinated.	I Rockcliffe will be taken by their Royal | testamentary executor of the late Major
Highnesrei to England as a souvenir of Howard.
their visit to Canada ; this by special re- The company baa refused to pay the quest to Mr. Rankin, of Mattawa, who	amount called for by the policy, because
bad thehonor of exp aining to their R^yal	Major Howard met his death while at
Highnesses that the craft, even to the	war. They bad passed a resolution that
decoration, was the product of Indian	all risks on members of the Canadian
A Nova Scotia judge has condemned I skill and ingenuity. The canoe will be	contingent should remain in force, and
an Annapolis deputy returning officer to	canied home on the royal yacht Ophir.	declare that there are leady to live up to
not	their fault	: exhibitors would not	I and carried a shower bouquet of	carna-1 pay $350 damages to a voter to whom at	It is five fathoms in length and male of	| that part of their agreement The claim
bring in theirexhibits in time to be judg- lions. Mr. Peter Tavinassisted the groom, the parliamentary election a ballot was | one piece of bark ______	ed eailier. When the hall was finally After the ceremony a wedding breakfast refused.	, T. p	.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al. I opened the.e was a rush, and in it waathe waa partaken of at the residence of the Mr Guy A. Blanchet, .on of Mr. Lud-	„oUce bv s'mcl.ir and Caron in be PP
.......	.’trass	s. vfx? «	z	zxki £ c tas	saarAsr a-, ssrza	afissïï £sc % ü
- could not be made ; but nevertheless it	caption was held in the evening to Law-	0ltlwa yal!ey Qiaduates' scholarship in	the cha ter to enable the coin ns nv to build	' foridatioo as a body of scouts he incurred
was a oust interesting trip, that through tons hall, to which over two hundred in- jn matriculation examination for Me | hotels and fishing an I hunting lodges !1 Kl6aler than he would have run as the building. The exhibit of grain was vitations were issued: Dancing was in- G;ll University. Tnis scholarship of $401 “	in Ca iada • for the right to I a memb.erof ‘he second contingent. The
J j very fine : buckwheat, wheat, cats, peas, dulged in till an early hour. The presents ,-g give„ annually by the Ottawa Valley ! construct n -Reel foot passage bridge from ! conlenl*on on the pait i f the executor is [^PRACTICAL flaxseed, and other grain being much in were numerous, testifying to the po- Graduates' Association to be competed for l ]wa»,,r’6 Hi'l nark to Parliament hill and the fact of Major Howard’s having
Oflflff IIBlliii « I dutiful bouquet, of cut flower, '"g to wo.k overtime.	thereon. The .licit a little above Me-	---- ‘,t™.t*d
B— -----------:---	---------------. were al o ihown, some of them in eilver The Pembroke Observer aay. a number Ara’a landing, oppotite Sand Point. The Montreal, Oct. 11.—Me«»ra. Green ;	*	.	. y ‘	’ '
Thanksgiving day will be celebrated on vases. There was a very nice exhibit of of capitalists from many centres were in wharf at the latter pi see has fallen into | shields, Green shields and Henneker have *	• V	¦
Thursday November 27ih this year.— fancy articles, although pcssibly not so I that town recently and it is whispered decay, and as the supply of wood fur the taken out sn action for $10,000 against,	1
The reason a«s;gned for the change back ! large aa last year. Particular'y fine waa that there is a scheme on foot of large i s^eameie comes from the opposite aide of the Temperance General Life .Wuranee
to the old regime is that the forwarding the display of quilts, home-made flannels, I magnitude, which will affect the town the lake, it will greatly facilitate matters company for the amount of a j* 1 cy on , Six men were killed and seven injured comti&nifA Millet t<> the break so early in cloths, blankets, etc ; this section was ! to e great extent, and make it a great by building tho new whsrf on the Quebec the life of the late Mtjor “ Gat Howard by the explosion of an oil tank it Newark, the .ewn	I very flue. Ore|t inters wa. centred In a I railway centre.	I side.	who wai killed by the Boera ta Suuth|.N. J.
An exchange says if you cut burdocks now they will never grow up again. The strength is all in tho top, the stalk is hollow and ruin will run down inside and rot the r jots.
HOTELS.
St. Lawrence Hall,
T., Q
Mrs C M. McLean,
Proprietress.
of the company, however, is that while Major Howard went out with the second contingent, the members of that contin-
i J
1
RspAiaiUtt—
a Speciality
X


r
###PAGE###6###
J.’

¦






/
SOME VALUABLE HINTS.
H*v vv ??? •> ????? ?*?>*>????•>%•? ??
?****>*<••
TO ADVERTISE TUB BEAUTIES
CDJtlOlIS ADVERTISEMENTS
>•>•>•>?*
ut ten, niter a quiet dinner over a
Y	book, such as Hnnkoy on the Hank *•* °f England, (’apeüguc on Companion,
Y	Hosanquet on Cunency, or Fonn on X the Funds.
A j At least that is what ho told Mr. ?> j Waldo next day. And than Percy v MvKgitt found himself on the high
Y	road to fortune in Waldo's bank.
f%	______
4%
l
of a hut to which columns have been do vo tod free In every newspape
Hotel-keepers, as a rule, hate no-1 GRIMACES WHICH BROUGHT
GREAT FORTUNES.
:
HIS
V
on
4%
t
:
Tho Untimely
End of
HOW CHIMES HAVE HELPED MEN IN BUSINESS,

X

ILL-GOTTEN WEALTH.
:

thing worse than that a murder or a burglary should take place on
„	. Ain#	. ; their premises, but occasionally an
Arresting a Burglar the Means oi exception proves the rule. The bur-a Dentist’s Success.—A Murder er Helped a Grocer.
A burglar made a fortune for that j Luyborough Hotel, ScoresclifTe, Eng-I Hlx years ago, Do Lay, being ____ clever Bristol dentist, Mr. Reginald land, was worth a good many hun- unusually intelligent Boer, connived Stock well. Twenty-two years ngo drnis to the proprietor. The man the conviction that Jameson's fnm-Mr stockwell hud just put up his managed to get into the room un- ous Ill-fated raid was only the slia-brnas plate, and was hoping that seen. and was engaged in prising dow cast before a big war between
"	1	‘ i the his untry and r,;	• uritain. and
’	. "Entering his (jewel-case, whan a housemaid named he determined to sell his inrm if ho
one October even- 'Alice May ne opened the door. In- could get a good price for It, ing to fetch V book, he confronted a ! stead of running away and scream- thus protect himself from the war rough-looking fellow with a bag in |i»g. «he pluckily went for the thIK. which ho was sure would come. JIo bis hand.	A struggle ensued, in the coursa of put the matter into the hands »nf
The dentist grasped the situation j which the two fell against the win- some land agents, and waited in a flash. "Sit down, sir," ho said, flow-frame. It smashed, aud they | ter a time he received a very fair of-in his most professional torn*. i went through, and dropped forty i fer for the property, and went, to Jo-wheeling round his consulting-chair, j foot into the garden below. By the hannesburg to complete the sale.
And before the amazed man	| most extraordinary luck, neither was During his interview with the land-
COULD MAKE UP HIS MIND much hurt, the girl gutting off al- agent, he, being somewhat grasping, whether to use his jemmy on the most without a scratch. Miss May ne | attempted to raise the price of the other’s head or bolt, he found him-1 "as promoted tk> be barmaid, and property, pointing out that a farm self in the chair.	jtho «umber of people who were adjoining his had just been sold at a
• Which tooth is it ?” continued anxious to bo served by this bravo greater price, although it was Final-Stockwell. "Oh. I see young woman was so great as to 1er and tho land of inferior quality, lie popping a gag Into the burglar’s j double tho profits of the hotel.	As he said this, a young man In the
looked uround, and was at onto at- open mouth. Then, Just smell 4 YEAR LATER SHE MARRIED	whom ho knew slightly, looked
tractcd by a couple, male and fe- this,” nnd tho wretched man was |	at him, and, unseen by his employer,
male, who were lunching at a neigh- chloroformed in no lime, and, before | the son of proprietor, and will winked very deliberately. Feeling boring table, and were the	only	he recovered, handed over to	a hast-	probably one	day be	mistress	where	sure that tho wink had been given
other occupants of the room.	The	il y summoned policeman.	°”t*° 61,10 wns	,nn«l-	him to encourage him to raise his
woman's back was turned to him ;	The story came out, and everyone ' «° most, expensive	crime of the	price, Be Lay pushed it up and up
it was a neat symmetrical back,	in u	argued that a man possessed	of such |	,nfd century was tho great	Tich-	until the agent wrathfully refused to
tight,	well-fitting	brown	silk dress,	ccol nerve must bo admirable in his bmno case, in which Arthur Orton,	continue the negotiations longer,
crowned	by	u	graceful	head with	profession. Mr. Stockwell soon ^ Wngga Bngga butcher, personated	A few days later, Do Lay completed
plenty of black hair admirably ar- proved that he was.	Roger 1 ichborne. 'I hero were j the sale of his farm to tho same
ranged.	Probably a more cruel murder ; two trials, of which the second alone agent at a price of 5210,000- just
But the man's face he saw, and	never took place than that of	the	lasted 188 days, hirst and last, a	$200,000 more	than tho agent had
soon recognized, in spite of the thick	poor pedlar Wnsliburnc, who	wns	quarter of a million	of money was	refused to give	a day or two before,
black beard which changed some- found with his skull crushed just «pent.	^	The fact was that tho agent wns
what the look of the lower part.	outside Bury. The unlucky man	was	j fCt an Australian	Prime Minister	dealing for a syndicate which had
If was the Marquis de Ojo Verde,	on his way home to his wife	and	said the other day	that Australia,	purchased gold	bearing land around
but	two little children after a three	| would cheerfully have	paid the money	De Lay’s farm,	but the agent, know-
wide weeks’ tramp in the West of Eng- j twice over if she had only known ing the young farmer did not suspect land, and was probably killed for 1 how much good it was going to do	the presence of gold in his property,
the sake of the couple of pounds ho | Her. thousands of newspapers print-	expected to make a smart deal for
a Cd miles of details of Australian life his clients

*
I
v
A Wink That Was Worth 5200,000, and & Smile That Made a
Millionaire.
•%
t
Joseph Dovaa,
:
v
I
glnr who macio a vain attempt steal Mr. Moreland'» Jewels at
to
*
<•
?
tho
CHAPTER XIV.
Not long after Mr. Surtees' trial his children left tho dear old house at Chiswick
furnished, for a term of years not I settled in a Pimlico lodging, trial I phine sought out her own exertions Bond Street shop. Sii "lie is young ; but lie knows his j Daunt was told nothing of this. He business» and attends to it. Besides, Iwas not to know their whereabouts it has always been our rule to n>-cruit from within, and not without.”
“It is no doubt the wisest sys
*
<•** <K~:- %•••>*:•	•

an
PRECEDING for promotion, was really 11
suitable person for the po t.
Mr. Waldo hesitated
SYNOPSIS
CHAPTERS.—Securities vanish from the strong-room of Candelent, Dandy ant* Waldo, bankers. Mr. Fnske of Scotland Yard is called in to solve the myctery
to the svrong-room—one held by Mr Waldo
Surtees chief cashier lms two children, phine. lie reproaches Hob. who is an extravagant subaltern with aspiration# to the hand of Helena Waldo, for having consumed his sister’s dowry to pay his gambling debts. Surtees Is suspected of the theft. A search-warrant is out against him. Some Portuguese bonds answering to description of missing securities are found in his possession, lie is convicted and sentenced to seven years penal servitude. Mrs. Waldo misses some papers and accuses Josephine of the theft.
which was soon let,
and
OF
t
brass plate, and was hoping that seen, 1
some day he would get more than [open tho_drawer in which was
one patient ft week, consulting room (j
1 did
like what came out at tho about that gambling transaction he said.
Jose-
oqd obtained by a Situation in a
Richard
and
There are two keys
partner, tho other by Mr.
Till# latter Bob and Jose-
even. Hob also tried, but less suc-from | ceer.hlly to obtain some employment, One day he luid been all tho way to K il burn, on a fruitless errand, and was sauntering idly home, when _|	Hl-’vvry clerk with entered, with the idea of getting
us has the prospect of promotion to j MOmo lunch, one of those second-class oven the highest position. Your ex- cafe-restaurants. kept mostly by ample is constantly before them. Italian*, which are springing up in Surtees, wretched man, might huvc|so many suburban thoroughfares.
He sat hinfsclf down at one of the tidy little tables and gave his order. While ho waited to be served
nr
tom
J am sure of it
taken
*
risen too ; he was very near it, m fact, but ho couM not wait. Now, 1 urge Moggitt's appointment ns cashier, because wo must bring some
Mi
one on
• You would never make him a partner, surely ?” asked Waldo, in surprise.
A partner should bring something in. if only ns a guarantee.”
"Did you ? Come, Waldo, don’t be illiber al.M
"Dut I had. at least, the advan-
CHATTER XIII
Mr. Dandy, the senior partner the reader will remember, resided at
Wimbledon. He was old, fond of his case, reputed very rich, having no ta go in point of years and length of far as the world knew, to service. Mr. Meggitt is still very
young.”
as
one, so
himself.
This he did right royally, indulg- "That is his luck. The way has ing his peculiar tastes to tho full, boon cleared for him. Surtees, but Mr. Dandy was a dilettante, a con- for his miserable conduct, would
and a collector on a largo, have been before him, and when Meg- | dressed with his usual care
fo*eigiMitill in aspect, with n
valuable posses-j riper for the occasion. As it is-" turned-down collar cut very open
6ions.	Waldo still shook his head, uncoil- at the throat, and n huge black
livre, in the midst of his priceless vinced.	silk bow, .of the kind Frenchmen had made by long days underN	.
belongings, Mr. Dandy spent the “Surely you are prejudiced against affect. falling over a coat of rather heavy pack. In spite of every effort, “u nh us progicss. Inc island-con-j knew there was greater part of his time, examining feggitt,” went on Mr. Dandy. “What bright blue serge.	it was found impossible to track the tincm, idmost unknown before,
ami enjoying them to the utmost, do you know of him ?”	The Marquis and his companion murderer, though dozens of amateur gathered HO,°00 extra immigrants
He was so employed on tho day of “Very little, indeed ; that is my conversed in French, n language detectives were at work, besides the ln	As	each able-bodied running through De Lay’s farm-land,
Richard Daunt s visit to the chief objection.”	with which Bob was not thoroughly police. The only clue was nn empty jnmngrant is reckoned to bo worth and, although he could not betray
Kookerv, and Mrs. Waldo’s fruitless “I will make it my business to in- conversant. But he could gather Paper bag. which had evidently con- 51,500 to the country of his ndop- the secret of his employer, ho could appeal. Mr. Dandy was, as usual, at quire. 1 will find out all about him; from occasional words that the dia- tuined pepper, and the theory of the tion, the value of tho advertisement rot resist the temptation to give his home.	his private life, habits and char-1 loguc was animated ; the lady did police was that Washburne had may be imagined.	acquaintance a hint to raise the
“It is a head of Bacchus. There actor. Leave that to me. 1 will not seem in the best of tempers, and been	«	-
can be no doubt of that, and the I trust to your report ns to his busi- the Marquis was trying his best to BLINDED WITH FETTER	DIFFERENT RENDERINGS. .... .In* whnt now knoWn a»
date probably the eleventh century, ness qualifications ; his personal pacify her. She was “vraiment trop dashcd in his face. und then knocked	- p	private bank in
Wlut is it. Barable ?" he said tret-! "hnU be my affair.	exigeante," Bob heard him say once. down before ,10 could rocovel him-,,-. -, , _ .	1,1(1 Wt
iullv as his personal attendant, n Before leaving the bank Mr. Dandy at which she shrugged her shoulders se|f	The Ploughman Homeward Plods "''on a firm foundation, and a young
discreet, middle-aged man. who had "rote a short note to the assistant- —they were wry pretty sloping " The bag |,ad on it tho nnme of „	His Weary Way.”	journalist won a large fortune,
BIB*:***!
mammmmsmmm
----------
'§£ÉH —wvSrSE.œ»JFST rdsffiSSBSSs
VCrSebrïèr to whom"’? To you ?"	:	"Nothing to 1825. I was a young	, KatrIy caught said / /""T	w
“To both of us. A number of let- man, too, at that time, arid had ,}1P rùb in nobleman * There is nnd theae he threw overboard at Weary the ploughman ters of yours to me, and mine to only just joined the bank.”	Unn no sccrccv no Drivucv no mg,1t« ** aCcount of the mutiny in homeward plods.
...
"At any rate which I kept." she even the Consols or Exchequer bills, suburb of Kilburn ? Did you
SS. -1*jUsTSTSU-Kiffi JSÀSS:.. -
now 1 find those letters have been land wns all but drained.” removed—stolen, in fact—within the last few weeks.”
“Do you suspect any one ?”
noisseur
scale. His home at Wimbledon was 'gilt's turn came lie would have been crammed full of
Tho winker, however ^
A VEIN OF GOLD
Sir
At
un ci to l'on the other hand, the
note and looked at it
home only to you.
“Say there is no answer, but that 1 will call.”
A couple of hours later, after his very particular ; only one glass frugal lunch—for	Mr. Dandy was champagne, but
very careful of himself—he got into and the best, his brougham, and was driven to the times.”
Rookery

1st
his way
THE NEXT MOMENT
plods his j the two friends were in a cab, being homeward way.	! wildly driven towards the Bourse.
Weary the ploughman homeward j The banker sought his agents whom plods his way.	he instructed to buy all the French
of his bottles was picked up by the His homeward way the weary | bonds that could be bought cheaply; Brazilian gunboat “Chiquita,” and ploughman plods.	j the journalist began buying on
the result of the mutiny was that Hie homeward way the ploughman his own account as fast as he could, seven of the crew of the “Leonard”	weary plods.	| A week Inter the bonds went up
were hanged, and the rest got long	His way the	weary	ploughman j a jump, for by then all tho
terms of imprisonment. Of course, homeward plods.	| world knew that France had con-
the name of the book became widely His way the ploughman weary j sen ted to withdraw from Fashoda; known through the press, and, at-	plods homeward.	nnc* the banker’s position was	firmer
traded perhaps by its fortunate	His way tho ploughman	homeward	than it had ever been before,	while
At the Rookery.	Kew. At Mrs. title, the public bought it so eagerly	weary plods.	the journalist wns a millionaire in a
Waldo’s.	You	know	?”	that it became one of the most wide-	His way tho	ploughman	weary small way entirely owing to seeing a
Who is Mrs. Waldo ? I have never ly read books of the year.	homeward plods.	minister smile and understanding
heard the name. And where is your The Jealous scoundrel who purpose- His homeward wenrv wav the what that smile must mean.
Rookery ? Among the trees ? That ly left unlatched the cage of Nero, ploughman plods. *	Two men met in tho eratrace of a
lady is-	the big Numidian lion, in Mortimer His weary way the homeward Marg© block of offices in Cannon
“Mrs. Waldo’s French maid. Fan- and Mackworth's Menagerie, at ploughman plods.	street, London, one morning; one
Blackpool, intended by so doing to His weary way the ploughman was young and needy, the other was The	Marquis	roared	with laughter. I ruin the proprietors, against whom	homeward plods.	middle-aged and well-to-do. Tho latr
“A	maid ! a	domestique	!	that ! he had a grudge. He expected that	Homeward his way	the	weary	tor's *acc wns contorted with	pain,
lady ? It is too absurd what you the lion would find its way out when ploughman plods.	| Noticing this the younger man stop-
say. You are wrong, utterly wrong, the tent was crowded with spec ta-	Homeward Ids way	the	ploughman	Pe(* and asked the other if he were
mon cher ; that much I may tell ; tors. cause a panic, and frighten weary plods.	n°t suffering with	neuralgia. On ro-
\Vhoover	took them,”	said Mr.	Tho	conversation	turning	on	th«iyou’ if no more Her Grace, too- away the public. But, curiously	Homeward the ploughman	plods	his	a'iving a rcply J?	1 ift,Jinl?tlVCI,ie
Dandy,	“took	them	for	a purpose, 'subject of money	the	tnllf	continued	Pcste» 1 had nearly let the cat out of enough the lion never touched his weary way.	offered to cure it.	and led the way
that we can safely conclude, and, to be “shoppv ” One seemed anxious thc bag- Tliere» wc wil1 say no more : door until the last of the people Homeward the weary ploughman back to his office, where the younger
mmmsm
reasons, 01 even a hint of them head rather dcspondingly. “ They	Of course the story was told
crept out. 1 should be lost."	press us very close, these joint-	-+- and wide, and the man who fought a
\ ou can leave it safely in my stock concerns. They can extend	lion with his fists proved such an at-
haiids Aurelia 1 had always in- their business so, while we have only pimiiiirr^ nr	ta traction that for the rest of |
tended to do something of this kind, on eld connection. As that dies	kS OF AUSTRALIA. four no show had a chance whilo
and what has happened lately makes away what are we to do ?”	Two-thirds of the Australian conti- Mortimer and Mackworth’s was in
1t nU the more easy.”	j “Be enterprising. Strike out in a Bent is a desert, and yet one cannot Hie county.
i ou lift n load off my heart, (fresh line,” said Mcggitt, with en- fail to observe that her productive- London milliners Onesimus. For tho moment, 1 thusiasm. “Seek more outlets ; ness is enormous thought that exposure, shame, God open branches if necessary all over tains over 100,000,000 sheep, and knows what, would be my portion.” the country ; attract depositors, and between 30,000,000 and 35,000,000 Booh, pooh I You are too easily capital, and business, generally, by head of cattle aiW horses fi ig .tuned. 1 rust to me." £	offering the most liberal terms.” given to the commerce of the world
And with these words Mr Dandy, “You are sanguine, but that is like over £400,000,000 in gold, copper, who wiis of the old school, lifted a young man,” said Mr. Dandy, coal and tin. The two provinces of Mrs. ualdo’s hand to his lips and smiling. “Some day, perhaps, we Ballarat and Bendigo alone have went his way.	may take your advice. But now let produced £100,000,000 of gold, and
T he appointment of cashier remain- us leave the shop alone.”	as much more has come from the
cd vacant for Rome days niter Mr. And then Mr Dandy passed on to great Tambaroera and Lambing Flat Suricesl conviction. Mr. Dandy was talk about Mr Meggitt himself, in New South Wales. It sends to the first to raise tli. question by When they parted that night it mufti Britain annually over £40,000,000 pointing out that the assistant- have been with a conviction that the worth of metal#, grains, wool, beef eoshiw, ?ho was nat’OreDy the next ossistant-tashier always wont to bed I tallow, hides, and mutton.
you
one
come
little
amourette ?
“A charming person, Marquis, ac-
said Bob but I think 1
"The Bank of England was much blamed, was it not, sir ? Didn’t it
cept my congratulations
..	.	.	in the same tone ; “
increase its issues when the rage for have seen her before ”
1 mure than suspect. I am pretty speculation was at its height, then certain I know the thief.” Thon Mrs suddenly contracted them ?”
Waldo proceeded to tell Mr. Dandy i “Certainly, and no doubt helped to what she had already told Sir Rich- bring about the crisis,” said Mr.
Dandy, looking surprised at his
You seem to
I
That lady Ï Impossible. Where?
aid Daunt.
“That is not much to go upon, junior’s knowledge said Mr. Dandy, who had listened have studied the subject ?' attentively throughout. “It would “It is my profession, sir be very wrong to accuse Miss Sur- 'Meggitt modestly tees on such grounds as these.”
“But 1 tell you, Onesimus, I certain she took them,” persisted me Mrs. Waldo, with all the illogical obstinacy of a frightened, angry wo- Dandy. “A
replied Banking in all its phases, historically and scientiflam cally, has
cl ette
the deepest interest for
J am glad to hear it
young man ought have his heart in his work.”
said Mr
to
man
Z
show their hand
To-day
i
far
# •
*
I ALCOHOL IN FRANCE.
A few years ago France was one of the European nations credited with the smallest consumption of alcohol, but at the present time, according to a recent article by II. Théophile Janvrais in the “Figaro,” it stands unenviably at the head of the list. As in England, those with “vested interests” in tho traffic have grown to be a mighty army. The growers number 2$ millions, the retailers in cafes and drink shop» 533,000, the provision dealers with oflf-liccnseS 300,000. The total consumption in France iast year was 1,1881 million gallons of wine, 343* million gallons of cider, 52| million gallons of pure alcohol, and 2* million gallons of liquers.
the

i
arc quarrelling
with manufacturers as who shall get first served with those shady straws known as Gainsborough or picture hats. The case is the same in Paris and New York ; and already the price of ostrich feathers has gone up
with a Jump- AU this Is the result | Preacher-' Well, Tommy, how did
!tu2 .Yo ™, ‘•eneation wh,c£ j	my fiermon yoster
was caused by the disappearance of the famous “Duchess of Devonshire,”
by Gainsborough

That land con-

&

It has
%
To:	—Fine
ways did like that sermon.”
He said he al
the posses-
o
35






_
###PAGE###7###







handling with much care. From these they are poured carefully into a long assorting box lined with straw or grass. I grade Into fancies, firsts, seconds, and culls. Nearly anybody can pick, but it requires a person of good Judgment and much I*
zs.r ælï: I ™™ " w" «•
one» should be kept In the shade. X	...- -
Asg. « ,? z | EHHHHEiE o^K2
possess strong and healthy bodies, over night to thoroughly cool off. says a writer. These can best bo I The culls and seconds 1 sell at very obtained by using only healthy and tempting prices. The firsts and
on a variety of feeds the first four for them.	machine. Kiuy work, good pay. Hand knitter» half profit, and eell in every houaa, writs
or five months. Select such feed as From the above, you will note that 2.	861,(1 fcUmP for pirtlculars to uf. The r. E. Kara Co., 134 Victoria itrtel,
la especially rich In protein in order my success la duo to the handling	Ho.» co..D*pLf. Toronto. Oat. Toronto.
to build up the muscle» and real and time of gathering, and not to ^-™- —	' a 0KNT8 WANTUD ro^oul^ew
as=ssS5= âsras@
¦	¦_________sklmmilk and middlings. Such feed would keep almost without loss They drew their little boat on to Pf^Peotus if you moan bnelnee*. or writs for
----------------MpSHpi
Hephes
mÉni
and he paddled through the Scotch 80<luence 18 that he has	to work hard	skimmilk and they gained nearly 2%	found	admiration	among thoughtful , ’ f .	R	y	/	*	,	Dcing a quart
lakes and rivers, down all the Kng- for his broad, and look	at every pen-	pounds daily for several weeks, but	People	for	the	atmosphere of	the	JiL.	lüiS 4, •	..
lisli canals, ond half way through nV before he spends it. with the re-	they had been previously kept on a	country,	which was common in theg	eould
France. He has been eighteen BU^i that eighteen months at the	very small grain ration. They were, I	old	days._
months on the journey, averaging 12 outside, will generally make a new	however, in good condition to lay on
miles a day, and during that time mnn of him. Then, having learned	flesh rapidly, being healthy and ac-
tho invalid has not slept in a bed or ; better, he can handle his money with-	tivo, having the range of a pasture,
eaten from a table. He sleeps under out bringing himself to	death’s door,	although the grass in it was of a
a canvas awning over the canoe, and There are many wealthy people, even | poor quality.
through sun, hail, wind, and sleet, ho n.ow working at desks in junior posi-	A good pasture should be available
lias paddled over 6,000 miles.	lions, drawing the pay of an ordi-	as it will furnish a largo amount of
The temptation at first to go to an nalT clerk.	cheap feed, and it is especially ne-
hotcl and have a comfortable meal, 1 ,IC vcry latest, and rapidly becom- cessary for the development of strong with a warm bed and roaring fire, m# the most popular, of all these healthy ¦¦	I | ZZ
was very hard. But now ho is | trying remedies is the dead-tired grass make the standard pastures strong, brown, and active; and the re-	cure, in which the patient is set a for hogs,	but where they are un-
maining six months will make	him	certain physical task every day, and certain, a	rye	pasture can always be I About Once in Two Dav<	Two Men
the fittest man of his years in Eur- (sent to bed utterly exhausted. Row- relied upon. Oats and peas sown	.	y
ing is the principal item in the sum- together, barley and dwarf Essex !	^re From Ships.
T here are not many lives of greater Imcr- The invalid is started at say, rape, etc., can also be made to fur- The present season, owing to the ! trick hardship than those of the North Sen Itcn Billes a day, increasing a mile	nish good pasture.	Where	swine	prevalence	of fogs on the
fishermen who trawl on the Dogger Ma*ly. to keep up the tiredness; and	cannot have access to	a good	pas-	Banks, or fishing ledges the sentinel. „•
IJtttik. and it seems odd to "pitch- «very night he	turc, they should be feed a liberal of the Newfoundland const, has been liflOffl’S llfilEill CllffiS GORKI III COWS
fork' delicate youths and corpulent,	TURNS IN SO WEARIED	simply of roots, pumpkins,	squasJi	remarkable	for more driftaway fish-	*
eldorly invalids into such an exist- that ho drops into a dreamless sleep	or Potatoes»	ermen than	any year during the past
tence. Dut there are always several for bo^q cight hours.	PREFERABLY COOKED,	decade. The shipping records of the
i"™ "“r„klngJ‘ke. nlggera on the This is only good in certain cases, but if chopped up finely and a little c°Io|>y show a total of ninety-four terrible I logger, which	but It has a wonderful effect, and no middlings	or	ground feed addud, Iof thtK0 m'-*“ landed in	colonial
TAKES SO MANY LIVES	drugs on earth can compete with it. hogs will	eat	them readily. It jg POrlf «P to July 31, the	first three ........	„„	¦	„
z srssft presr,ï	2%%,s z	*8IHM* F0”--XTE£N ,i,8S-
sr&a : ir- set s « “	t srss	anr b at « sat sss'a	=5 S£s SS ***»«•- - -
fishermen,"p'ayhfg "from" *25 to"* 50'a	-f-	to'mix"%%„'Zo orlhreJ kWs| This represents " forty-seven boats,	«the ?!=«"”' """""""	""" Since 1515 the Rothschild famil,
a=5srs.=j mi	si HsiS £ s' •£
B55rSS?5 “™™ “ 5E =5= H=r ;|=¦ s? iiHi Si £=£-s~v	"........
¦KIWI
Most people would probably	Sundrldga, Ont., Oct. 7 (Special). oniy^doesZotZu^ c^l'cfa°yeTlt WUliaZJo'hton'and nlvid Hawkins
PREFER TIIE DISEASE	—Ihe Echo of this place has pub- makes swine an easy prey to cholera I of the schooner Nems, had their dory
to the euro when confronted with the	JJ signed statement which can- and 0tl,er diseases, through the : capsized and got on her bottom
stoker" remedy; but it is often ad- n,ot to, "terest all who under- weakened condition of their con-1 There they remained all evening and vised, and those who have the pluck 8ta,u *u * meaning of the word stitution. This is fully proven by : "'^ht, but next morning Hawkins to try it thank the stars for the Rheumatism from personal expert- the fact that where corn is fed in ™a‘? str,?kcn aritl SJ,(1 !nto 1,1C wa,er-treatment. It consists of signing on ?"ce* A representative of that paper small quantities only, hog cholera !U !s a dangerous business to get on as stoker on a merchant-tramp, and lRtl!r^ 0WG( Mr* "j llam	a	very seldom occurs as an epidemic. *Bd off these boats in midocean, bu^
this is the most modern remedy for well-known ,artoer Strong Town- Salt should always be available for Johnson contrived to place Haw-
as.tra=- »w: ~ .sssa ssks-a £ avs-srs-fis
"new hand” is not much good at the	und ,lc gave out the following state- , should also be furnished, especially	.timc'	an !1°ur the p001 *c "
work; but the terrific task and the	uient	for publication r when the animals are not kept on	ow 10	C(1 ° agil n'
heat of the stokehold make the con- , *or /ouf ^nrs I suffered excru-| pasture.	CRYING! "SAVE ME
tinuence of dangerous corpulency ini- elating oituret during which time	——	His mate saw he was beyond saving,
possible. No quantity of exercise 1 xva;A	y ,an hour fr®°t from SECRET OF KEEPING APPLES. tor he died almost as he was swept
and Turkish baths will have such an pa,a* 1,10 trouble commenced in my	into the sea, but ho determined to
effect, for the magic of the cure is pack where it often remained eta- There is no mystery nor secret in savc the body. lie fastened it to that the work is compulsory. The tIonar*v for. months, and so intense keeping my apples. I have no cold, the boat’s headrope, and there it repatient. though lie bo an M R., with was the pain that I could not lie not oven cool facilities but simply a muincd until he WjLa rescued at even-860,000 a year, must stoke or bo	r,J>v;n	or Like rest, but had to sit Plain double wall buck house, one	tide by	a boat from another vessel,
kicked. ^	night	an(l dQy in a chair. The pain | foot in the ground with earth bank-	whcn he	insisted that the body be
This Is not so common as the Dog- 'vould then remove to other parts cd up two feet outside, writes Jos- taken with him, where it was gerçure;	but	there	arc always several	°f ™y	body, and when in my knees,	Çph A. Burton. I a.ccpt the fact 8Crved with ice und salt until
people undergoing	it.	The	heat	of	disabled me from walking, confining	Ghat only a sound apple can bo ex- ship reached land and he could give
-*s	.„....
ellin<r coals and "slag" with might tors and also tried many medicines, dead ripe, unless affected by an out- and venture north into Belle Isle
r s	r	ssrsssss-i.-üsî«æ	r r
ws srs.,le	ss sea: ».
qui ITS some pluck but there are a " Early in this spring my atten- oil the tree tlmn on.	fishing in that locality were brought
sirx&zz""Tu"mi^rsssx ~ ‘FrS
EgaeHEE	*.......».
„ „^rccmra	free from pain and have continued detract from eating qualities. Rome vei0ped them, and the decomposing Australia. Queensland alone is half
THE BARE NECESSARIES	M evcr since> being able to attend Beauty gathered before being fully ico niasses caused greater danger as big again as Germany, Austria Iflomlnion LI 110 StCa!ï!87lîD8
to my	daily duties on the farm and	colored were mellow two weeks later, than the seas. For their frail craft	and Hungary	put	together. Its area 1	n
I	I while those on the trees were still would bo helpless against a blow	b 608,497	square	miles,
hard. Bon Davis gathered in -August	¦ ¦ g	¦¦¦¦ ¦ mm ¦ ¦
were mellow at the middle of September.
The most critical period in keeping apples is the hot weather during and just after gathering. As I have no cool place, I want them to pass as much of this period on the trees as possible. But it is not aafe to leave them too long, lest they drop.
When barreled I keep in barn, woodshed or any outbuilding until approach of hard winter. The instructions often given to gather In a sack swung around the shoulders is very pernicious. Every motion of the
LUDELLA CEYLON TEA
I

has earned for itself THE GOOD REPUTATION it now has
and will always sustain.

Tooth Powder 25
c

lead Packages, K #, isoc. and 60c.
RAISING AND FEEDING HOGS
Good for Bad Teeth Not Bad for Good Teeth
SITUATIONS VACANT.
AGENTS WANTED.
At all store. oTb, mailf Samp"?*(^‘uqu'd kTthe^ô%^]J^
_______________H«H * Ruokel, Montreal.

t.
NOT PAID IN GOLD BUT COMFORT AND HAPPINESS.
>
Cruised Through Europe in a Canoe for Two Years—Working With Fishermen.
INVOLUNTARY VELOCITY
Banks, and knowing that sho
Minard’s liniment Cures Distemper,
'
Never write letters, my boy, that you'll regret in after life. You speak as from experience. I do ! in early correspondence with her who is now my wife I signed myself, Your obedient servant.
CRUISE THROUGH EUROPE
Per Over Fifty Years
routine with these people.	wind oollc. regulates the itomsoh end bowels, sod Is the
I best remedy for DUrrhuss. Twenty lire cents e bottle Bold 1er druggists throughout the world. He sure sad esk for " lias. WiweLow ¦ Soormwe Biaur.”
Under these conditions it is strange that evidences may bo of an arrested
tide from country to city, and hints of a desire to return to rural life.
not seen
movement in the
Mioard’s Liniment Cures Diphtheria.
Uneasy Passenger (on ocean steam-
Stand still, replied the other, and I shlP> : doesn't the vessel tip fright-I will show you a Yorkshire trick, fully? Dignified Steward: The vessel Entering the shop he quietly inform- sir' is trying to set a good example
to the passengers.
Minard's Liniment Cures Colds, etc.
o
bodies. Clover and bluc-
ed the shopman that the man standing outside had stolen a watch The jeweller rushedHjjKB|KllH| the thief, when
walked off with the whole case watches
now
ON THE FISHING BANKS.
out to secure I Deafness Cannot be Cured
the Yorkshireman by local application#, as they cannot reach th
of diseased portion of the ear. There is only on
a Yorkshire	t&M*.
Inflamed condition of f ho raucous linlpg or tb I Eustachian Tube. When this tube is in flamed you have a rumbling sound crimper reel hearing, and Whon It 5 *nt f dr cloioV deafaoss-feths fvTa<Ç'âhi	iBZtfif
mat!on «an be taken sut and this lube restored to Its normal condition, hearing will be df •troyod forever ; nine cases out of ten ar< oiuted by c «tarrh, which is nothing but an In flamed condition of the mucous sur;ace».
We will give One Hundred Dollars for an case of Deafness (caused by catarrh) that ca an be 01 red by Hall’s Catarrh Cure. Sen tor circulars, free.
ope
That was
Great
He—Yes, I know two men I thoroughly admire the other one?
She—In,iced! Who’s
i
and
weeks I could not leave the house, and night after night could not lie down. 1 spent many hundred dollars in search of a cure and tried nearly all our local doctors and some in Toronto and became worse each My druggwt, Mr. Stevenson,
I was cured of terrible lumbago b; MlNAItU’S LINIMENT.
REV. VVM. BROWN
year
of Orangeville, recommended Clarke’s Kola Compound about two years ago. I took in all about eighteen bottles of this grand medicine during nine months, each week I dually improved and am now pletely cured. It is now over since being cured and I have not had a single attack since, and have gained much of my old-time strength and weight. No amount of money or anything else could estima to its value to me."
(Signed)
I have for
I was cured of a bail case of earaclv
by MlNARirs LINIMENT.
MRS. S. KAULBACK,
I was cured of sensitive lungs br MINAKD’S LINIMENT.
gru-
corn-
MRS. S. MASTERS
a year
« 0
Gold is the best conductor of heat but stands second as a conductor a Allan Faulkner. ! electricity. Copper is the best con years been personally ductor of electricity, but standi acquainted with Mr. Faulkner and | fourth as conductor of heat. ' can certify to the absolute truth of the above statement.
(Signed), Thos. Stevenson,
Druggist, Orangeville, Ont.
A free sample bottle will be sent to any person troubled with Asthma.
Enclose six cents in stamps for postage. Address The Griffiths & Mnc-pherson Co., Limited, 121 West Church St., Toronto, Ont.
Whs* yew write to an acrertiser tell him th* you saw hie advertisement hi this p..per. It Is to ÿour interest to do so, as Our Folk» are treat* nenestly and served with the host
WPC 1097
CALVERTS
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
Russia's ficifl-gun, with a calibre pre- of 3.42 inches, uses a shell no hea-the vier than that used by British field-guns which have a calibre of 3 inches only.
For fill skin ailments,
J. 0. Culvert A Co., Nenohseter, England
4
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.
COCOA
YOUR OVERCOATS
end fadrd Soils would look better dyed. If no &f*ol •f oursin jour town, write direct Montreal, Box 130.
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING OO.
•1>
0
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
ti? W:
I
6JMI
I
of life only are to bo found, The favorite places are the smaller uninhabited islands of the Pacific, where now there are over a score of patients about half of them Americans The invalid is taken out in a sailing ship, and "marooned” on one of those little coral rings, where there
is always abundance of fruit, fresh	nATTSB
water, and birds, with a few small
animals. The patient Is left, with There was a bread riot at our
srsjsusrüfjs su	srw.
and cooking tools.	kasio.
There the ship leaves him. and he The bread was soggy, and my wife exists like a natural savage for and the cook had words about It.
twelve or eighteen months, as the	...
doctor has decided. He cannot Out of 1,718,000 men who took	¦ I
starve, and then, arc no natives, dan- the field In the Franco-German war, picker’s body bruises every apple at gcrout or otherwise. Compulsion, Is 59,000 were killed, 47,000 died of every point where it touches another the koyn >te of the euro. TLe patient, wounds, and 57,000 of disease.	apple. I^plck in 1-8-bu. baskets, OHi Y LO.NTH
Montit*l to Liverpool Boston to Liverpool. Portland to Liverpool VlaQana*
fcel strong and able to work verily believe this great change was effected by Dodd's Kidney Pills and I think it my duty to make this statement public for the benefit of all afflicted as I was.”
Lore» and Va/t Steamships. Superior aocommodattoa tor oil a|;*s*i oil»»» tensers. Saloons end Stateroom# Ire amidships Special attentive baa hem rn looped Salron and Third ('Is « aocomi.i la
TNI OBJECT OF THIS ADVERT!
r
INDUO
TRY
it!
van to
1103
rates«(pesos*esod all particulars, apply t© any agon* at the Company, or
Rfcsfcerds, Mills à Co,
tl dtauSi.. Boston.
D. Torrance A On.
Montreal aad Pm lend.
o
Brass Band
Instrumente, Drums, Uniforms. Etc
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
SSSS-a
WH1LET E0Ï0E & 00., Limited,
Toro* \ Oat, and Winnipeg, Mas
Oet s patkajs ; I F>iMy marls m trial tend pa skats. All greeers








###PAGE###8###













I
E. HODCINS & SOS’S A DVT.
OUR
STEWART’S
BOOT i SHOE STORE.
LEADERS:
New Goods !
English Worsted Suits, all colors
Imported Serge Suits, black and blue - - -
20th Century Umbrellas at - -
$15.00
We are shewing a splendid range of
Gold Weather
Men’s Fall Gaps
$12.50
means
At only SOcts each.
Gold Hands.
*
$1.00
j Genuine Moose Mitts
at $1.00.
V
There is no necessity for suffering1 from Cold Hands if you are armed with a pair of our Mitts or Gloves.
A. f). IV|cGUIRE.
L


PATENTS
¦
II
I

k
a


northern ©il Tan; Moccasins
SKOWECAN
[promptly secured! OTTAWA
Write for our interesting bocks " Inventor’s Help" and " Mow you ire swindled.”
Send us h rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement mid we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Rejected applications have often been successfully prosecuted *y us. We conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal, and Washington; this qualifies us to promptly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents, as bro.id as the invention. Highest references, furnished.
Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special notice without charge in
over ioo newspapers distributed throughout the I) minion.	I
Specialty :§¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
turvrs ancf Engineers.
i
& WESTERN R’Y.
Gloves :
(Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
AND LION BRANDS.
Summer Time Card
Taking Effect, Monday May 13,1901
Unlined Kid. Lined Kid.
Silk Lined. Undressed Kid.
Mocha.
Train No* 1 leaves Ottawa 5 CK» P. M. Train No. 2 arrives “
Train N<*. :» leaves •*
Train No. 4 arrives “
1 rain No. 1 leaves *•
Train No. «’• arrives “
Train No. 8 arrives |“
Train No. 7 leaves "
8.41	A. M.
A. M.
6.11 P. M.
1.30 r. M.
8.10 P. M.
7.41	P. Mi
A. M.
Train* No. 1 ami 2 daily except Sunday.
Train No :t ami 4 dally except Saturday k Sunday. Train* No. A and û Saturday only.
Trains No. 7 ami 8 Sunday only.
For tickets apply Ticket Agent, Central Station.
-Patent business of Manufac-
MARION & MARION
The very best makes on the market for Men and Boys.
Patent Experts and Solicitors. :
Mr {
Public Notice.
P. VV. KKHKKMAN, UenM Sup’t.
Province of Quebec. District of Pontiac.
:
E. HOGGINS & SON
i
In the Superior Court.
Mitts :
¦
Public Notice is hereby given that on the 27th of September, last I have been appointed Curator to the vacant succession of the late Godfroy Bklair, in his 18 0» lifetime Farmer, of the Township of Lav crlochiere. County of Pontiac.
Ville Marie, 5th Oetober, 1901.
BENJAMIN BO CILLAI ME,
Official Time Table :
P.M.
5.45 Leave
A.M.
Arrive MS
Aylmer tBreckenrldge PEardley Parker’s Crossing t* Mohrs Quyou Wyman's tTana Bristol McKee’s Sbawvllle Clark’s
Campbell's Bay ?Tank Î* Vinton Cou longe •Mellon's Waltham
Mocha,
Kid.
Horsehide. Deerskin. Mule Skin.
• i
». 21
9.06
M
r
6 18
M
8.58
tae
* i
i <
8.50
6. .7
el
<6
8.40
6 47
• «
8 22
• 1
6.%
Il
• I
H.14
Guns,
1.38
• •
8.08
II
Curator.
7.tn
• I
8.02
• •
7.28
«I
7.52
7.45
•I
7.31
«I
B.U0
7.18
I «
Forty Vessels Lost.
103
• I
7.1C
• I
112
• 4
7.06
I 4
<30
U
6.54
44
Berlin, Oct. 10.—Thus far reports have been received of the loss of some forty vessels in the North Sea during the recent storms. Many lives have been lost.
117
44
6 31)
II
Rifles,
Ammunition,
ARMSTRONG BROS
1.55 Arrive
Leave 6.30 •Flag Station. tTank. VFlag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
Suspicious Characters Arrested.
Barrie, Oct. 11.—'Three suspicious characters were noticed on the O. T. R. track here yeaterday morning before the arrival of the Duke and, ch ise being given, two of them were captured, the third getting away. On being searched each of the men was found to have on his person a beivy revolver, loaded, and of ammunition, while one carried knife about a foot long. They were take n to jail, where it was found they were American travelers. Their clothes appeared the worse of wear and they claimed t> be going north trapping, one, who is only about 20 years of age, gives hie name as Floyd Mance of Buffalo He ie tall and dark. The other is fair and of medium build. He savs he is 19 years old and comes from New York. They will be kept there to await an inveatiga-tiou.
Gauntlets
BAILffAY
For
Men,
Women and Children.
!
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT Trains daily between
plenty a dirk
¦I
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
On and after Jane 16.1601, and until farther advised The older train Service will be os follows ;
LADYSMITH.
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
5.33 A, M, - Local—Stops at all intermediate station*. Arrives Montreal lt,;:0a. in. Rockland Brao.-h, Vat!e>Held, connects at Coteau Junction, fo* Cornwall and points west.
* 5.00 A.M. Sundays oily—Stop» at intermediate stations. Arrives Montreal 11.00 a.ui. Pullman Parlor Car attached.
P. S.—Hardware.
Our space permits us to give you only a very vague idea of our im mense stock of Mitts and Gloves, prices are placed at the lowest notch,” and we cordially invite you to come to our store and examine our Stock.
*4.00 f. M., Limited—Stops So. Indian, Cilen Rub-• Alexandria and-Coteau June. only.
Arrives Montreal 6 40p.ro. Pullman Parlor Car attached. Connecta with trains for Portland and all points east of Montreal. For Valiev field and ail points south of the St. Lawrence River. 8t Albans Burlington, etc. Arriving Boston 7.00 a. m New York 7.20 a m. Has through Bullet bleeping Car. Ottawa to New Yolk.
*6.55 P. M. Local-Stot* at Intermediate stations. Arrives .Montreal 10 00 p.m. Connects at Coteau Junction for Cornwall, Kingston J
^1*
Murder and Rapine in the
Philippines.
REVOLTING STORIES OF CRIME RECEIVED LY THE UNITED STATES WAR DEPARTMENT.
y.
a
Washington, Oct. 8. —Uorrib’e stories of murder and rapine are cvntaimd in the records of a number of court mtrtial cases in the Philipp ne#, copies of which have reached the war department.

Toronto, Chicago
66
Our

etc.
Trains strive at Ottawa Cinaral Depot :
«12.20 P.M. Local -from Boston, New York, New .	...	, England and Montreal at 9.15 a m. Has Pull-
P ve natives seized three F Tpinn rest- man Parlor and Sleeping Cars attached,
dents of the town of P« z r.obio, together I 9 05 P. M. Local-From Montreal. ,xnd intermediate pointa, Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, sod points west. Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving Montreal at 5.45, p. ill.	t
a 6.55 P: M. Limited—From Montreal leaving at 4.10 p.m. Has Pullman Par'or Car.
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Dally, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot : *
8 15 A. M. For Arnprior, Renftew. Eganvllle, Pem-brokr, Barry s Bay, Whitney. Canoe Lake, Parry Sound and Intermediate points.
4.40 P. M. For Arnprior. Renfrew, Eganville,Pembroke, Madawaska and intermediate stations.
¦«5MEÆS,	I Call and see them.
rv

>
with an Jgorrote harvester. Cmveying j these captives torn isolated spot they murdered th-m with BjIoj and assaulted the w m n of the fami ies of their victim». The motive for the dead appened to have been that the victims had dammed a at eim which diverted irrigating waters from tho lands of the murderers. All live were sentenced t) be hanged. A native named B iVirg with one or m >re cimpanione, assassinated with daggers. Privât* James T. Burgey, Company C. 20 h Infantry, while tho latter was acting «s a guard of prisoners, hauling water for the garrison station-id at Barote Nuevo, Can ay. T«.c mtive was sentenced to detVh.
With a rock, a rice beater, and a club, one Futt no Ruz, and some of his companions, set upon a native named Ascasta whom they suspected cf having a ded the American cause and beat him to dia h. Ru z waa sentenced to be hanged.
Two natives were tried, charged with the murder of Private Eugene, P. Lyons,
«Œï;'iSd'iS
with Boloi and boned on the spot. They, too, were sentenced to ddstb.
We have just received another large assortment of Ladies’ and Gent’s Rings from the best ring makers in Canada	>x



A pleasure to show goods.
M. STEWART
Train* arrive at Ottawa Central Depnt :
11.10 5.M. From Madawa*ka, Pembroke, Eganville. Renfrew. Arnprior and Intermediate pointa.
5 55 P. M Fiom Parry Bound. Eganville, Renfrew, Arnprior aud intermediate point».
2.50 P- M. Mixed Trains from Madawaska, Eganville, Renfrew, Arnprior and intermediate station*.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
WHYTE
THE WATCHMAKER

J


SHAWVILLE.

e #
e #
# #
# •


Central Depot, Ml House Block.
*

P. S.—See our Ladies’ Kidd Fur-Lined Mitts.

OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE,
tours.
a.	Trains run daily exiapt Sunday.
b.	dunday only, c. Daily,
MAIN STREET - - - - SHAWVILLE.












A

