###PAGE###1###
No. 4 U —17tii Yea it.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUI
riIUlîSDAY, MAY ill 1900
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
i
50 Cords Hemlock Bark Wanted
Partie» intending t isun can make «me hy Applying
PORTAGE DU FORT
il	^,4,-1
1
i
ii ( nthvlie I>isli"|> in
this
ll.ftd Office: Capital aubacrlWl Capita! Mitl up ..
u!
OTTAWA. CANADA
.........
........ 1,7 '1.0*0


1
I tan
i
Mr. i
OP CANADA.
KM, IS
fiery.
______ Tilt* Avail	'	.,•< I K,,,
CAPITAL -	<$6,000,000. pire I><iy wi ll duo eel.u l»y holding a j,t
tvmtic ontei tain went in If origin*' hall in
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000. t,». ,
willed.
lieu f
ition.
Thomsen left %
wn, where sh< idying typo»
heir t
Rest
1
NDER TWINE
Unir-1 of Director.?
Mi
e M
Charles Mageb, Esq., President. Oborob Bay, esq.,Vice-President.
ÎÎUN. Geo. Dkvvin, Jr.	John Matiifr, K q.
An	i	Davin Ma( LariI. y.
Pf.nmsMi n. F s'
for Utta
ami :
Mi
\\. A Hudgins
sl™ 'KfHphj
Mr. K. A. Reid is away f >i
mi i Mission ei»
pw
Head Office, • Montreal.
fis1
ri if
GEORGEBURN U. M. FIN N] B
General Manager ..	.. Manager
Mr. I) It Bryson
Barry and Miss ('hake, |wid Portage a visit on the 24th. Miss Norma Boyle, i olxlen, is visiting her aunt, Misi Jessie Murphy.
Mrs. Poupore, Chichester, arrived here it unlay, and will lie the guest <>f hei mother, Mrs. Alex. McDonald, for a few days.
Shooting Match and Picnic.
The members of the Radford Rifle As i»t ion have decided to hold a shooting match and picnic on the 21st of .lune, l1*'"*., at their range, Richardson's Lake. Dinner is being arranged for and also a '!
Bran'dir* *
IN ONTARIO;
Keewstm,
Kemptv Hi*,
Msttuwa,
OP awn,
<lo Rank St do Rideau Bt. Toronto,
Vankleek Hill, Smith'll Fall*
i\ Manitoba
Portage T.n Prairie IN QUEBEC:
SHAW VILLE HR AN (II,

Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collect!d.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
HAVING» BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards ami Interest allowed,
10 A.M. To 3 I' M.
10 A M. TO 1 P M.
F. A. PARK EH,
Alexandria, A rnprior, Avonmore, Brarebridge, Co rleto n
Lanark,
1‘arrv hound, 1‘eznhruke, Hu* Portage, Renfrew
We sell the ii Reliable
Plymouth Special,
»
program of aporU. It is the intentiMi to invite prominent speakers from different part» «»f the county to di«cusa tin tion of raising a militia county. The Association will hold a meeting on Sat. evening, June 2nd, at Radford, to make final Members are requested to attend Manager, out for posters and adv’t. with fuller in
formation next week.
I'ln-'e,
llnwke*lmr>,
Mr. A. J. Rraba/on, D.L. t
Ottawa
^pent Sunday visiting his parents here.
Mr. Kelly, station master at Haley’s fcpen’ Sunday visiting friends in Portage
Com
fjUVS-
corns in our
Dauphin
Wind] eg,
Celebrated for its great length, evenness and freedom from inferior fibre and weighting substances, such as gelatine size, French clay, etc. Always absolutely reliable, it insures the dealer against trouble, operates as smoothly with the Old as with the New Binder* gives the farmer the greatest value for its cost, and there is no other twine made that will give such satisfaction, or which in practical use, will be found so economical.
Office Hours
Hatvrdaym .
Montreal,	Hull,	l^rhute.
Agent* In Canada, New York nud Chbago-Ihiuk of Montreal.
Agents in tit. l'aol- Mentant* Nat. Itank. Agent* in London, Erg.—Parr's Dank Ltd
»
arrangements, i. Look
BRISTOL NOTES
Empire Day was duly celebrated by the pupils of No. It, Elmside, by a nice gathering in the school room in the afternoon. Their efficient teacher, Miss Roy, and the pupils had the school beautifully decorat ,,	ed for the occasion. A goodly number
iiji PiK Dp hy	of the parents and friends of the pupils
ili 4<,i!u111«t” 1'	1,1 ^.,UI ,KKVe were present. Some nice songs were
.lay t.» .lore.lead Notes, in which we rendered by the pupils, accompanied by discovered an item with reference to instrumental music.
tlneo yuung friends taking the wrong Patriotic speeches were given by sev train at mm peg with the result of a .'$5 eral of the visitors. Amongst the nuin-
x4' i -V V U<T',SS ^1L‘ l)IVlr|y in ;i wagon. |>e»r present who spoke to the pupils were We desire to contradict tins statement as Hev. Mr. Morrison and Mrs. Morrison it is false. We wish to inform " Patriot " und Andrew bran*
of the mistake, as he may not. bo aware Master Collins Young, as one of the
11 ;iniu;:n-l f 10 P ! uv ?lf °l,r expense, pupils, entertained the visitors by a ua-and as for driving in a wagon, if “Pa- tri otic speech on "(Ur Flag.” ( hht-rs
vl,ut ever thinks of coming to the V\es1 gave essays on Canada, all of a patriotic you can rest assured it won’t be in a wag- ,mt u ¦¦ j
gon they take individuals fur a drive. 1 suppose he was judging by his own means of conveyance, that thu people of the West drove in the same respect ; but such is not the case. This is the idace to enjoy a drive-not like down there with hills and stones which are so disagree*
-J. Hoping this will enlighten the affair of the three young friends who left there for Milestone.
Wo remain, yours,
1. Mi
Milestone, Assa, May 19th, 1900
UNDERTAKING
Cuthbertson,Graham 6c Elliott still
pply of underlet! regarding Prompt
T
RopJy to “ Patriot, " Writer of M orehead Notes.
. #	}\ keep on hand a full su
What all Boys ought |	non,. r e
to Know aqd Girls too.
The Pontiac Woollen Mills are in full operation again.
Wanted—Hill t » d

Do not be satisfied with your son's or your daughter's eduen- • cation until you are sure they \ can :
1.	Write a good legible hand
2.	Spell ail the words they know \
how to use.	4
X. Write and speak good English. « t. Carry on a conversation in i French.
5. Write a good social letter.
9. Write a good business letter.
7. Add a long column of figures in a limited time.
H. Make out an account.
9.	Receipt it properly when paid.
10.	Deduct 10, per cent from the face of It.
If you find that your son or your daughter is deficient in these things j send him to the lient place to learn these necessaries.
The best place Is the
general house
1
No other Twine is
worl
A|K,
til
.1. A. Cowan, Khawvillo.
The D.igg fan i, offered by auction at .1. .1. Timers < n Tuesday, was bought in by the mvner, Richard Dagg.
The W. C. T.
are arranging t<»
June 8th.
“ JUST AS GOOD ”
I
Plymouth is cheapest because it goes
farthest.
of Bristol Cornera, have a lawn social on
Xftv'r two hours’ pleasantly sjN-r.t together they all separated lor their homes well please ! with the afternoon's entertainment

Mr. Ed. Robinson, (son of tlio late Rev. (ivo. C. Robinson, formerly rector I of St. Paul’s) is here nt present renewing ftCijiiainV.nccshipt uf Ins l><«yîiood days.
A picnic is to ho held in McCord’i Grove, North Clarendon, on Thursday, June 7th, in aid of the new church. Come one, come all.
A very pleasant party assembled at the home ut dr. Wm. Drummond on the evening '<>f Empire Day, Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Chapman being the special guests as it was their “ XVuoden Wedding Day.
Mrs. Wm. Drummond, with her usual generosity and ability, served up a very I line tea which all seemed to enjoy and Mrs. Chapman were then presented with a nice address full of congratulations al ...	-,	and best wishes, which whs read by Miss
bnawville Council.	Drummond, and at the same time they
..	.	.	were handed a very fine rocking chair
i lm.î-vs :-i a regular session oi llie	and several other presents suitable f<»r
M rnidMl ( ounnl ,.l the Municipality »f	the wc,sj„n. Mr. and Mrs. Chapman
V " hige ot ' ha-wVille, hel l on Mon-	were quite taken by surprise, butappear-
( ay, the i t,i day of May, 1-. H). I resent, t() appreciate the kindness ut the Mr. Mayor George Hvne:;; Councillors, friends very much.
James Fades, G. l . llodgms, John H >ir. MaiL Cowley, our popular insur. haw, ,Joseph Smith and John A. Cowan. aneu agent, appears to be doing a rushing
iih'xion, and about 14 yearn of age who	tbaTn.inuB wtgul J	|g" in8UronC0 line
left my house ,-n the morning of May nieeti and alao annules of special sea
«5 d„ of	=
Shaw ville P. O.	A*\7 \ H, *i T * ' C.imul.	The Queen’s Birthday was celebrated
,	Moved by conn. Lades, seconded	by	in this part by quite a gathering at Nor- A a
and Toole,	and	Mr.	Sinclair	are holding	A. McGuire and Christopher Caldwell be	popular ferryman, invited all 'those
a series of	revival	services	in	Elliott r	continued, and that the usual fee of i.o.UV	inhered there to a free trip over to Sand
hall at present. These evangelists claim ba charged therefor.-Carried.	i'omt. The kind invitation was gladly
to have no connection with any particular Moved by coun. Smiley, sicondel by accepte*, and all had a very enjoyable religion body or sect, but have the si in- coun. Smith, that a by-law be passed timu crossing the noble Ottawa
SllX^mnd'rrT^îne^VeÎyluw^rl'cès i"->ng..U	will,"tho délire of do- thedoL to provide f,.r o„r ,„„.»»!	,7uît“Æ' ÏÏ'Ï.,ng't« 'T" r“v
to cash buyers.	*	mg good. T ho meetings are being fairly of tho County <>f Pontiac Interest and them o'er the ferry
K. Hodgins & Son. well attended.	Sinking Fund (Bonus Tax) for the year golne new buildings are already going
sc	EBEHEfE
tme House.	brother of Mr. Fred Vaughan, Principal to be collected in cash.—Carried.
Aid. Masson, of Ottawa, was a guest at the Academy, arrived here on friday Moved by couu. Shaw, sec onded by Mr. Alex. McDonald’s on Sunday, nrriv-	eve,llT?K’ having been sent tor owing to	coun. Hodgins, that by-law	N
ing by the morning special train and re-	the critical illness of the latter, w ho is	read a first time.—Carried,
turning to Ottawa	same	evening.	prostrated	with	an	attack of congestion	ReW a second and third times short,
The Church Workers’	social	on Wed- Vaughan	ImiUn attock	T%rippc. ind	“"Moved by court. Hodgins, seconded	by	SPeclal 8uu^ Excursion.
£EB|rrpE Hs	SSErErE
again to take to his bed in a more serious	the whole village, to see that	all	yards,	return	on following Monday.	Train will
Mr. Billy Williams, of J. II Shaw’s,	condition than at first. His condition we	wells and cellars are properly	cleaned	in	leave Aylmer at 10 a.	m.,	and return	at
attended the celebration nt Arnprior on are Klad to report nas somewhat nnprov- accordance with notice given by the Rural 7.23 p. m the 24th. He reports that a large crowd et* (*unnK t ie l,ast day or ^wo.	Inspector. — Carried.
whs in attendance.	Intelligence reached town on the 24th ”°V„ed & ‘Tl	T»? $
.	EHiiSSi ###;—-..........................................................................
™3E13E gÊBSlIS
VJJe'	with congestion of the lungs, which in
Just Opened up,—An elegant stock of her wett^ condition was more than her fancy rockers, easy chairs, lounges,	cmiy ^-.nd. Resides her mourn-
couches and baby carriages, with either	in8 husband she leaves a family of five Mr Win.	M<x>rc, of the Otter	Lake
rubber or iron tires. Inspection invited,	boys me youngest an infant of one	House, arrived up from Portage du	Fort
Cutubertson, Gbaham tV Elliott. montn	and Bryson Tuesday, and went to Ca
The eclipse of the sun on Monday	Shaw ville was practically deserted on wo<K* Wednesday,
morning, which under favorable circum- the Queen’s Birthday. There beine no Messrs. Hodgins and Moorhead, Al-stances, would have Wen partially visible	day celebration to keep our citizens at	^e>’ne* w^°	',et*n oTJ the juiy m	Dry
here, couldn’t he seen at all owing to the	homo, they betook themselves to various	son> werc	^ie Ht ter Lake House	lues
cloudy condition of the atmosphere.	points where there was something going ‘W*	.	,	...
*	on. One or two parties sought the mag-	Alexander, of Shaw ville, was at
Mr. W. J. Poupore, M. P., is offering nificent scenery of the Grand Calumet the Otter Lake House 1 uesday and Wed for sale his saw, grist and carding mills, Falls, where report says there was a large ncsdayei	¦¦	¦¦¦¦
together with a good dwelling house and gathering of young people, hailin ' from &umu uf Hie drives above here are get-26 acre plot in the township of Chiches- different parts of the county. Others ting done. Mr F. Murfcagh finished his ter. See notice in our advertising col- took advantage of the cheap fare to visit im<l k'«>t- down Wednesday, unins.	the Capital, while a goodly percentage The entertainment and lecture in the
### ps'œ
jbsatess- - =SS™3¥= SS&usus
real good sjiort along the Quyon river 6elds, was very much surprised at one of The demand for horses and convey- hifl hmw'* curious liehnvior, it falling g the obsequies of her ances was so great that our liverymen when there was no obstacle in the road, hn Nicholson, returned were obliged to go outside of their own When he got out to look to matters the home by way of Shawville, visiting equipment in some cases to meet all re- horse was dead, friends here in route.	^	* quirements.
As usual, we can supply our customers with above brand and guarantee lowest prices at any time during season.
Prices are not likely to be any higher than at present.

nlih

Iinison will he at Q ivon the remainder of this week. JSluiwville gallery will Le closed from Thuihduy mtil Monday, June the 4th.
Mi
LI E AND M. WALLA R
9#
H. I MI-ON.
f The J. Y. id insurance
ency, 01	. ited hi;
this
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE.
Mr. S. I ». Caldwell, former! Equity staff", and now of ( aidwelT i real estate
Mi

J. H. SHAW
)

m
*-i
O,

ion Inst week
LOCAL NEWS.
Want
thankful to receive information of Henry Mercham, an orphan hoy of dark eo
—Tho undersigned will be
Call in and see our Bain wagon, made by the Massey-Harris company.
A new hell for St. Stephen’s church, Thorne West, arrived here last week.
Wils n & Argue s pulp wood drive on Qtiyon River was finished last week.
Now is your time if you wish for a view of your residence. Call on Imison.
The many friends of Mr. Tom Argue are glad to see him around again after his recent severe illness.
It is reported that a very nice residence in Bristol Corners will be offered for sale
l
KAHN IS KING
All
OF ALL PIANOS.
camp
era are expected this summer.
A goodly number from this side took in the celebration at Am prior on the
Com.
T&m
rr;
II HIGH CQADE il'M j Fully Warranted
if k ONE QUALITY
HIGH GRADE
i

tii be
/
Queen’s Birthday
v
Fully Warranted
ONE QUALITY
••'S'il

;

iiSlI
i
only
only
I
ed

That the Best !
That the Best !
Cape Town, May 28.—It is rumored
Mr. Oils Shepard, president of the Shepard & Morse Lumber Company, died at Boston un Wednesday last.
Our Mr. J. R Horner, ShawviUe,
Will be pleased to forward your name and address, and as our tuners will f>e starting out as soon as the roads become good, if you have an organ or piano which needs tuning, repairing or cleaning, we w ill do the work for you at city We are making up the route now, so kindly send Mr. J. R. Homer Mate particulars as to what is wrong with your instrument. If an
Geor je Hynes,
May < >r
MASS MEETING OF ELECTORS
SHAWYILLE, FRIDAY JUNE 22nd/
prices your name
organ t>e particular to state if reeds are broken, and which key they affect, counting each key—both black and white -commencing at the last key on the left or bass end. And if strings or hammers arc broken, state whether Square or Upright, maker's name, and w hich key is affected, also counting each key from left hand. The strings vary in thickness for each note, hence this information is helpful. We are making up our list, so w rite Mr. Homer, Shaw ville, at as early a date as possible. All work fully guaranteed.
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
o
A Mass Meeting of the Independent Electors of the County of Pontiac will he held l/i Shnwville on Friday the 22nd of June at Eight o'clock, p. ni-, w hen
THE D. W. KARN CO. Ltd.,
197 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
Sir Charles Tapper,
Leader of the Opposition, and others wHl address the audience in tho interest of the Conservative Party.
According to the Peuibioke Observer, it is a foregone conclusion that a L beral is to be the next representative for North Renfrew in the Legislative Assembly, tu .	undersigned offers to take horse*
till the vacancy caused by dr. “lfe A and cattle to pasture during the summer death, and that his name wii >e ' ° in months on the following terms, subject to
Monroe or Tom Murray, preferably the	*	J
rmer. It is just possible, neverthe less, that our cotem may be a little off in this calculation.
Pasture to %ent.
A Meeting of the Liberal Conservative Association
will be held at the same place, on the same day at Three o'clock, p m., to elect officers, etc.
Horses for Season, $3.00 Cattle *
Mrs. XV. A. Cowan, of Cecebe Lake, P. S. District, who had been in Fitzroy last week attend in father, the late Jo
2.00

Premises are well fenced and watered on two sides by lakes.
The gallant defender of M»f«king has been promoted to the rank of MajorGen*
E. ORA HAM,
JOHN GREER, North Clarendon,
President.
Sans Ckremonil
oral
HI inside, May 25, 1900
I


I


* wM# tmm $


iiyyyi

»
08225836
###PAGE###2###





Nvtes and Comments. !
half hour, or until the lettuce Is soft. Lift the lettuce out with a fork, putting it under the middle ; let it drain. Season the gravy in the pan with butter, suit, pepper ; thicken with oorivataroh.
Charlotte Russe. -Line the inside of a plain mold with Savoy biscuits, cutting and placing them at the bottom to form a rosette, standing them upright and close together; fill with any of the above creams, omitting the fruits; place the mold in ice; let it remain till ready to serve; turn over on a dish and remove the mold.
FROM ERIN'S GREEN ISLE. ' he WENT ur HIGHER
Ljie Home |
Agricultural
The visit of the Austrian Emperor *o Berlin, even if, us is vigorously d^-•laiKii, it has no political significance and is intended simply as a compliment to Prince Frederick William of Prus-•ia, the Crown Prince uf Germany, the problem of dessert is perplexing, is still suggestive of the relations that from the fact that the housewife has obtain between the two countries. For gone the round of mi nee, apple and tweet y-one years Austria and Ger- pumpkin pies, and now she seeks
iraoy have been allies, and though the .7*.rtol* ul'°, auoh wo otter t]?ree d*m Draii,.,,. i t	,	,	. licious, wh desoiue orange desserts,
. s supposed to have lost which we will find appetizing this something of its first vigor, the fact spring-tide season, that the two chief partners in it can still visit one another speaks well for
thoir
WHAT IS GOING ON IN IRELAND
DAT BY DAY.
HOW A GOVERNMENT CLERK 6fi CURED LEAVE OF ABSENCE.
ORNAMENTATION OIT FARMYARD!
SPRING-TIDE DESSERTS.
IIuaj l>«ip!e ef ihf limornUI Ule-Ovnir* rrnroii Thaï UNI imw»l IrMi «un-Mdlnae.
Writing th# ««Royal Word'*
After
From 1 be Secretary of Hit Department He HmI Foil With the Dlvl-fllon t hief. Who Had Termed Him
A farmhouse ought to be oornpe ratify remote from the road The distal»™ will vary according to (he height of the house, the slope of the land, the taste of the builder, and other dr. cumatances, but the distance ought
This is the time of the year that
One of the British soldiers serving
in South Africa is a son of James
Carey, the Irish " Invincible” informer who was shot on board the Melrose
by Patrick ODonnell.
Down
“Tlit ruvitlon of tick and annual leave,” said a clerk In an up town department 10 u reporter, "I# one of the I not to be leas than three times the utmost importance to government height of the houae, or more if the
clerk* and I» <™'1 of I heir most precious ground slope* upward fro* the street
1 will tell you of an oc-
The promoters of the relief fund of the Irish Times which amounts to £’13.000, have undertaken to re. L we I lie Daily Telegraph of any
of flour, add one teaspoonful of salt,	two	cups	of sugar. Put	a quart	of	,	further	grants	to	Irish widows as
political constancy.	Nobody	tWo heaping teaspoonsful	of	Royal	milk, the	yolks of three eggs and two	dialinct	from annuities
wuuld care to prophesy that twenty ,taking Powder, two Ublespoonsful of dessert-spoonsful of cornstarch onto
the*P«sUlsnt^of^th« K™nch* 1 m	4,1(1 1,ne piut of milk- Si,t the manges. Then best the whites to ,
..	.	1	*	i'1' v‘‘l,u ’ '• salt and backing powder together a stiff froth, put it over the pudding î e,1°ugh to disoliey the command on
a re u a French Republic then,	with f|our. Hub in	the	butter	and	plies	it in the oven	until it	is	]	the notice-board
Will be	on speaking terms.	The fact	ooU,. add the milk. Mix	all	to a !	of a	light	brown color
is all the
Orange Pudding.—Four sweet oranges, peeled and picked to pieces Orange Short-Cake—To one quart and put iu a deep pudding dish, with
privilege*
ctirrvuce In my department which will Interest fellow clerks especially.
"A clerk In my division put In an applIrsIloB for a few day»' leave lu	main view of «he hou»e ought
ttie usual form In writing, to be O. K.'d B, lli tu **' given st s distance some* by the chief of division and sent on Its thing greater than three times the the chief clerk of the depart | height of the house.
Not hearing from It uud the
If the house is put some distance back into the grounds, as |m sometimes very desirable, and h.ie an approach of its
The following come from Ireland, where we hope no one was foolish
Vuko off, cool it and pour it on
This bridge having lwen blown down, no one Is allowed to cross until repaired."
For some time past the Tullamore
Town Commissioners have been very
way to ment.
A farmyard without some large time approaching for his departure he I shade trees is s very unsatisfactory went to his chief and said:	affair. This needs hardly to be
—how about my applies- | tioned. The more common evil is
£3352 “
portant business or not You cannot an< uiany	cramped and crowd-
be spared.*	61 ,w,ce or thrice the number of
“My friend, who Is a little fellow and	tree* which the place ought to
n diplomat, grasped the situation at ! support. The ax is the remedy for such It happened that he bad a per cases
| more interesting when one Bo(t dough, easily handled. Bake in remembers that the Uapsburgs and two layers. In preparing
tiohenzollerns have for centuries oranges, six in number, remove all	.	.
been tb* great rival houses of central lhe white- Cut in small dice. He- lf ,he,e ls.nnJ rot,,n 10 lhe hou9e j actively engaged In pushing forward
Having only been achieved with- and generously spread the bottom and ma(ebe(i (k1(1h ftnd ends, you may de- I labourers cottages, which will involve In the last	forty years through a	top layer with the orange. »pnnkl-l d u it th.lt roomia the'nur- Qn exPp^'ture of over £6,600
characteristic stroke of Bismarckian	%^Zh%'whi%	or "children's room*	“	‘
ip omacy	y which the Uapsburgs	^ two eggs. Stir in powdered sugar	Many	mothers wonder why their jllie vote of *he members of the	cor-
wtre the sufferers. So far, then, to make creamy, adding the orange, little sous und daughters are so fond ! porstion, three-quarters of whom arc
fmm there being any historical rea. a tablespoonful of m-dted butter,and of running the streets, preferring al- j Homan Catholics, yet it has always sons why Germany and Austria should thrt grated rind of one orange. „ ways to w out of (he houKe an(1 a | the custom to eject a Protestant
»«[onndh	J* ,eV6,y hiSt0,'iCal r ?'g,nge luUa-lw°	one, ”"p- from hum,. Exercise in the o„m air a m,Z ' of ' ï.'be r a !-m i n d',” I,! eT ' wor.'hy"
reason why they should not; and that, tui of milk, one half cupful of but-\\B the best son of exercise, but every- of emulation in other places.
alliances notwithstanding, is a fact ter, two cupfuls of flour, two tea- thing ran be overdone and the chil-
spoonfuls of baking powder, one ! dren should be taught that some part cupful of orange, prepared as for | of each day must be silent indoors, short-cake. Fill jelly tumblers half full and steam for one half hour.
Serve with sauce as given below.
the
A CHILDREN’S ROOM
men.
Mr
an
don?
many

The Mayor of Dublin is elected by
lhe remedy is, indeed, very eumtI acquaintance with the secretary. hard t|> apply to trees which have
one of those rare Instances where 0 become old friends, but the improve, cabinet oltlver has a personal acquaint meut	bv wor[b .
Trinity College ^DubHn! the degree of had n.cT out slilV 0^^ hVdepa rt went!	T****. 1!'‘ '* !u ^ ^ WSJ 0<
.	LL.D., was conferred, honoris causa, for the little fvlliîw Is a raeuibe of an l. 0,.lua„v	^b*^Binga
1	“ot 8l";ay“ oco|ur ‘° pnr; upon hi. Uighn,™ Th„kur Sahib Of Influeutiii: ..U, lu .be .eer.fr,'. muvh oarl.e, ,n .be deve.opmo.t el .h,
ente that the 1-toPle.t explanation of	Crf)n,la| The deg raw of bachelor and	own ,„s„lot.	ground», and then there ie likel, te
I heir children's desire to be forever	doctor in Sacra Then log it were con-	lH)Wl,(t „„(| withdrew, but In	«« much lew grief in the f uni,.
make, a delicate and delicious pud- HZt'Some ÏSE" nu/Ætira	S Wf XUw.K	,L°	%%%
ding that tho children may delight to hold I Lem there.	of Cashel.	mn,lt‘ n 8,10,1 0,11 UP t!lH corridors te a liberal use of shjubs. And for the
.................... mmm m	mm
tükmg	t	cynical	revenge for bis dis-	wheat.	Continue alternating orange	living-room. *"	Mld tbe Attorney-General, " that not-	jol|H inquiring face, he paused, shook	’• 8uov^'b#l 1
miseal,	published	the fact	that	Ger-	apd 8l|K:u‘	wi,b	w,lertt;	before	One of 1 he prettiest adjuncts to a	Wl 1 lmt ft ruling the reunion of the Irish	bjn, cordially by the hand and exclaim-	the flowering raaoberrv
HP aTs™sss**
ery.be, alnmld have good atrong At a meeting .he other da, of the which the u!h. is Joined, echoed In the I, grown for the bloesoms themaelvee
oovers of denim, fastened on b, bui-	R08rrea Guardian,, the question of es-	mav tlKwlila,e<1 corridors	and the,	rather than for anything they eon-
tons and button-holes so that they	......	. ..	.	passed on 1 he ‘royal word	had been	tribute to the general effect; and
can be readily removed and laundered	Ubl,abl"« “ »",bI,e bacon-cur,ng es-	„„„	(hoir end is then best served if
when soiled.	tablishment for North and Mid Tip-	“That evening at quarter	to 4—hs	*Lcy can be cultivated in a separate
The draperies for the small toilet	per ary came up for discussion, and	|Pft |( untj| |tt8t nilnute purposely—lie	garden plot, behind the house or at
Ht1'”;biie1"muslin ^pable^^en^ur! :lL%i^ionoMh^Ju^t^hrZ% Z.VV'''* ^	^ ^ *°
tng innumerable washings. It is in tbe intere8!S 0f the rateiwyers,	‘ J	' ihiB latler B,tuatl
wel to have two sets if possible, so nnen;mou§1, deeded to take the ini:	Mr "
that they may be changed every week tja| atej»s to carry out the object in or so and kept in spotless cleanliness. vjeW
011VI
sorrow
tot he forgotten.
very
Mutecvei of late years there hive been growing up in the Dual Mon-aichy serious doubts as to whether Germany was playing a straight game. * rancis Joseph is virtually his own horeign Minister and his diplomacy is marked with the straightforward noss and loyalty of his own character
Orange Cream of Wheat — This
d
ip
had been betrayed without scruple— te indeed they had.
5
There was further friction between the two allies over the expulsion oi Austrian subjects from Germany. Thousands of Austrian Poles seeking work in the Polish provinces of Germany were summarily turned back and ordered home No attempt made to defend the action on legal grounds. It was taken solely out of consideration for Germany s private political situation and the protests of ber ally were quietly disregarded. However much reason there might have been for the Kaiser's attitude, it was felt very keenly uu thei Dual Monarchy, and Francis Joseph would never have treated German subjects so brusquely as the Kaiser bad treated hi».
1
MM
t
cl
S'-
was
they are likely
he aald quietly, ‘have you to receive better culture and morefer-
to give correspondingly
• •

sent up ray leave?
'* 1 have not/ replied the chief short- larger crops of finer blossoms
1 disposed of that question this ^ fence about the farmyard is frequently a farm necessity, but it need
; not be a wh'tewashed pi ke* fence, The less conspicuous it be, the belter; and some sort of hedge of arbor vitae, holly, privet or similar materials, is much to be preferred. The cWef features re which attention should be directed are the open space in front of the house the limited number of large trees, and the shrubbery at the sides.
ft
(
ly
i
At the very advanced age of 166 years, Michael O'Shea, farmer, of
FRUIT EXPERIMENT STATION.
morning
a
“T thought that the secretary granted leave la this department. I was not aware that chiefs of division possessed that authority.' It was war now Both looked each other unflinchingly to the eye. Then the chief began to smell a little official mouse and resorted to browbeating, as la not unusual trailer similar circumstances.
Annual ltr|»ort—lluniy Fruit Tree* Tented Lacka, Bantry, recently departed this In A!*»*## — Ot Interest te Fruit | life. At the time of the memorable Grower*
battle of Keimaneigh he had reached
The Ontario Department of Agricul-I his manhood. Strange to say, he had
lure has just issued the annual re-; been in good health, his mental facul-
port of the Fruit Experiment Stations' unimpaired and he carried out
the less difficult farming avocat ions to
within a few da y a of his death. He control of the Agricultural College } poghpssed a clear recollection of the
and the Fruit Growers' Association of principal events of the century, and Ontario. It is as usual replete with j wae an ardent lover of the Irish lan-rnutter of practical importance to fruit | K^ftge growers, giving in detail the results of experiments carried on at the fifteen Fruit Experiment stations in the
Province. These experiments have re-| g a ret & inn, aged 13 years, occurred suited in considerably extending the ! at Hyland, Upper, near Newtown-liat of fruit varieties known to the | barry, county Wexford. She was overpeople of the province and giving to taken on the road by a farmer named all interested valuable informât ion as| John Cowman Kyle, who was driving to the particular kinds best suited to ¦ a spirited mare at a brisk trot. The SONfK GOOD RhCIPES.	the different localities, thereby sav-j little girl ran into a gateway to get
and washing the ohicken split down mg l0 grow varieties not adapted to 8ame pIace. The poor child was jam-
r- *»- T", —r ri£sytatisro.1'
salt pork, cut in thin shoes. After respect, and the report gives the re-j Cartby O’Leary, a County Cork gentle-	*ucli questions	you	certainly	do ques-
. .	,	taking them from the gridiron work suit 0£ its opera lions. A report j man, who was well known uni re-	*,on	*1 snd exceed	your nutherlty. Ap-
death of IU present rul.r German, |nto them plenty of butter and by Mr A M Smith, who made !	,ed throughout the county and PTOV^ »r disapproved b, you. the,
*“““*"1 wrznss,b*".m,'z.4-a,u.sus^rsrar, z„=,rc.%-*
............. siSff3sd?iSs‘“isr3P{Ss
visit to Berlin is merely a visit, of I same shape as the mutton, only data on the subject and will be use- ?r / , e.	eg<rru°° i	,lifrh h<irse *s pmcefully ns the ecca-
conrieey and a proof of his kindly and leaving a little more fat on it, sea- ful to settlers in New Ontario and oth- '	,	, •*’ t . 1 ' 18 *ff?	8ioIJ
•fter five ofEtr diTfe’rent^a'rie" e. off ru U	Ïb“ T s^Ch ^	««	"do^Tgf!
having been well picked ; then put a , grown in the province with original 1 “e b'Kh Dublin dear b-rat e, . ir (has.	lost	on the
a and carefully executed life-size illus- Cameron, Superintendent Medical Of-
«rv,' rTa ""	isïZa'Z;i.û“.,,ÆK*.Zlr‘“r •*"	-• -
.........
Burlington station alone there are 225 81 , X varieties of fruits. With the opening1 culous dlReA8eB afforded by the English market, the importance of this too-long neglected branch of production bids fair very largely to increase in the near future.
I*
X
of Ontario, which are under the joint
%
>
I
*' ‘You tire Impertinent’—
'* *1 he g your pardon,’ quickly Im-terrupted the clerk, ‘for a chief to say to a clerk that he Is Impertinent Imputes a charge against him. 1 request that you withdraw that remark. It Is no Impertinence for a clerk to state a rule of the department to his chief, dairy room, and ils architecture must aiore especially when ho appears to be planned accordingly. We know an have forgettei It or is unaware of Its out-of-door cellar laid up with si on# eilaiesw. Thv atcn-lary, and he nloie. [„ tooriar and with a cement floor, finally pnulH or disapproves applies. that kft>pe coo| ,|iruugh hot waul her
lions for leave In nil department» of w lhuut lhe employment of Ice. It .» the government I have never before heard this authority questioned’—
I don't question It,’ hastily Interjected the dilef, to whose nose the official mousy smell was each moment becoming more acute.
By not submitting my application to those whose province It Is to decide
IMPROVING DAIRY ROOMS.
And, finally, the German-Czechfeud n Austria has lx1#» anything but a
Modern and improved methods of butter making cannot be successfully carried out unless the surrounding# are suitable. Ventilation and coolness are two of the prime requisites for a
Toilette of olive green canhunero
source of amity between the two raou- Box-plaited skirt
archs. The Emi>erur Francis Joseph box-plaited and is mounted on a deep
cannot be ignorant of the fact? that yoke of cream Lierre lace edged with
both in Vienna and Berlin lhe re an- | insertion to match and banded with
black velvet nbbon. Sleeves trimmed with lace. Material required
working for the secession of German | cashmere, 45 inches wide, 7 yards. Austria. The German! Colonial party ls doing all it oa-n toi acc.ufitom, German# to look upon a larger slice of Austria as their natural prey; and its efforts are backed up by a faction in
Corsage is also
A shocking accident, resulting in the death of a young girl named Mar-
vigorous political parties which are
kep. well ventilated by screened windows, no vegetables are allowed to be
stored therein, and a tool house possessing a double floor was erected overhead.
If your dairy house or room sets wholly above the ground, other means must be taken to keep it cool. Eve» should the Swedish method of creaming. or a hand separator be employed, a surrounding temperature of 6> degrees or below ought to" be maintained in the room. In the absence of ice or running water, the floor and wills may be sprinkled several times daily w.ih cold water fresh from the well. Double walls, together with window shutters, will do much to exclude outside heat. The building nhoaiu ue shaded, either by another and larger structure, or by tree.». A litt'e dairy bouse nmy be set in a grove of trees to great advantage.
éâ •
ét i
he Slavs. It w certain that should
the Dual Monarchy break up on the
There is, therefore, good reason for thinking that Francis Josephs! cut eight outlets out of it of the
Let me eve. you wish
forgiving disposition. No doubt it will be made the occasion of pleas- | ant references to the virtues and
replied my It Is already graut-
poiverade, piquant, tartan*
To Cook Spinach.—Spinach should be washed in several waters
stability of the Triple Alliance, but
that alliance has really got past the point where it can be resurrected by Incantations, Germany has outgrown it. Italy has half ruined herself by trying to five up to its requirements, and Austria has gained from it only illy who sea r If ices her interests, expels her subjects and hopes in time to divide her inheritance.
1 start tomorrow and 1 will try not to get lost. Good
HARROWING SOI) LAND.
TO obtain the most satisfactory insults in harrowing a piece turned sod ground, where the plowing is a lap furrow, it should lw harrowed the same way of the plowing. If the plow has left the sod kinked up
in places, or the sod does not lie down flat and close as it should, it will pay to go over the whole surface wire i field roller. This not only presses i he uneven surface down «smoothly nut leaves the ground in better snap# with once harrowing than if harrow ed twice without rolling.
cn rm
quarter of a sieve of spinach to
by
9 99
of newly
the work done by the Public Health
an
SOUND AND DISTANCE
The roar of a lion can be heard further than the sound of any other living creature. Next comes the cry of the hyena, and then the hoot of an owl. After these the panther and the
jaikal. The doukey can be heard 50 times fur’her than the horse, and the
cal ten times ay far as the dog. F'range as it may seem, the cry of a hare can be heard further than that of either the dog or cat.
as
death-rate
PRETORIA
Fried Eggplant.—Pare and slice ong hedges of rosea, which grow ev- them, then sprinkle each slice with ery where
streams of clear w iter flow down the one hour with a weight on them; sides of Lhe broad s( reels, which are then dip into egg, well beaten; then
flour and fry light brown in lard and butter.
To Serve Lettuce.—Wash the lettuce to remove the dust. Take off
fbe town of Pretoria nestles am-
rt played by tuberth® death rate.
in wild profusion, and salt and let them stand for about
f:
laid out in straight lines
A FRENCH BULL.
CORRECT
Small Willie, after eating two pieces of pie at dinner, asked for a thud. Why Willie, said his father, you must not eat so much, or people will
¦you know what a pig »•.
A newly appointed French Mayor inaugurated his regime by a notice to the following effect :
On the feast of our patron saint
RECOGNIZED HIS OPPORTUNITY.
Ada, pensively—J hope you'll Invite ‘ to the wedding when you get
Jack, boldly—Ml invite you before I ahk any one else, and if you don’t accept there won’t be any wedding.
X RIG ESTATE
FINE HARBOR
the wilted leaves, and cut the root
lhe Czar has one estate which rev-	even with the head. Tie the top to-	Delegoa Bay is the finest natural
•rs over •Sli,00f),0bi’ acres, more ’ ban 3	gather. Lay	the heads side by side	harbor in South Africa. It haa a length I the fire brigade will be reviewed In the
times as Urge as England, and he	in a baking	pan ; add enough stock	of nearly 70 miles from north to south,	afternoon If it rains in the morning
has an *il«er estate which is more than	to cover the	pan. Cover and place	and a width varying from 16 to 25	and in the morning if it rains in the
in a moderate oven to simmer for ml lea.	| afternoon.
me
mar
ried
you a pig don’t you! Yes. sir, replied * be precocious youngster. A pig la * Log • little boy.
tw r ia» size of Scotland






L

###PAGE###3###
t

h.iid no Idee Time had laid no heavy a
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
Hut the rest of his sentence died
b„ | In his m »ulh for the look of blazing fury which him guest shot at him would have stilled the tongue of a braver imm than he. A painful and almost audible silence fell on the lit-the SNirty, and even 1 felt a distinct sense of relief when the meal
WOMAN’S SECOND GROWTH.
II
1
FIGURED BY NATURE
i
rood nt flO en Oeeee.
"A few days ago," said a clubman, MI received a small Jar filled with a peculiar brownish paste, which was «eut me as a present by a young Chinaman who used to have a laundry here, but is now living In Ban Francisco. A letter which accompanied the gift explained that the paste was a combination of peanut buds and ginger Jelly. That sounds like a Joke, but It Isn’t.
“If you will break open the kernel of a peanut, you will find at the base a little cone shaped formation usually surmounted by two microscopic leaves. It is the life germ ôf the nut, and If
il
On the day I had fixed for my departure, a telegram was received from Unde George to the effect that _ would arrive by the next train. All was immediately hustle and confusion for he had not been expected till the following week ; but for my part 1 was rather glad he had changed his plans, as 1 had a curious longing to witness
eelne
«low I coiiM ^Tnd^ea^aM that hap- I ! Wjjjfc j*ned f	in the morning '
" Go and atFti.t your uncle to «light. And an I glunr.ad at the peraeculel
"     " “• —* 1	is isrts:
moustache, I doubted not that my prophecy would come t rue. In fact, I
0
ItrJijvcniifInn »f ||(r *,rve Tl'«ue« In Wl«l •lie I,Ilf -Wliy Young Again.
PORTRAITS IN THE WALL OF THE FAMOUS MARBLE ROOM.
Since woman is In the main but a bundle of paradoxus, it is not so surprising to hear that a normally healthy woman is younger, mentally and physically, at 50 than at 40. The reason is somewhat recondite, but still one to he rendered in plain words. This rejuvenation comes from a sort of second growth of nerve tissue, or,
A Slab of Slone In the Treasury De-
ll
parlieienl That Shows a Perfect Profile of Uneen Victoria end Other Interesting Pictures.
A-
The often repeated statement that Unde 8am is without sentiment is Illustrated in a Measure in the treasury department. The famous marble room, which cost the government $.'{00,000, although still a place of beauty, is no longer un ornamental chamber only. The room around which tradition has woven many a curious tale, the room In which General Grant received the guests who attended his first Inaugural ball, Is now used as a cash room.
Long years ago, when the architect
I
bt
"New, let there be no tnnaunoer-•tandlng between ns," said my uncle. “ 1 wish to put things very plainly. It’s like this. Either you give up that beggarly girl, or you give up all bope of assistance from me in the present, or of inheriting my money in the future,"
" Uncle," said I, " to your plain proposition, I will give a plain answer. I have too much regard for the truth bo say 1 care nothing for your money; but when you a sic me to choose between your gold and that adorable girl—who Is not uneducated, though she Is the daughter of a poor man—I aay, that for your money-bags !”
And I snapped my fingers with as flippant an air as 1 could assume.
" Besides," I added, with a laugh, " you talk as if you were a millionaire with one foot in the grave, instead of a moderately wealthy in.m almost in the prime of life."	1
This was a diplomatic attempt on conciliation on my part, for it was the one weakness of my otherwise sensible old uncle that he clung to hi a long-departed youth with all the tenacity of a disappointed old maid. To appear to notice his growing infirmities, or even to treat him with the marked consideration and deference usually shown to the aged and infirm, was to give soy uncle the direst offence; while, on the other hand, to address him with the flippant offhand manner of one young man to another, and to converse with him on golf and football os though he were still an
<1.
• •
r*
more accurately, a new arrangement BSfVei colls, which takes plae# com monly in tba decade between 85 and ! Panted would develop Into a tree. Aa
my friend Wong explained to me, the nuts are first roasted and then these
at
is
is
15
t
The
rearrangement is somewhat analogous to the root-'making of a
k
minute growths are carefully extracted. They are so small it takes many thousands of them to till a teacup, but when a sufficient number are collected vitality of the venial impulse-wioaths |h#y are put in a mortar and ground
rose trees Id blossom up to the period Into a flue flour, which Is subsequently	plan°^d the Interior of the room
saw his dream realized, when the
painters and decorators had completed their labors and visitors were allowed to gaze upon Its magnificence, It was declared to be the finest room In the country. Men and women of national and International fame have
J
rose or a flowering shrub every one has noted how the riotous
Almost
li
It
i
?
it
teirs. And they ran down the steps to th« door of the rah.
but’ St if f I y"l;!utm I h,y‘^utcb^f " hi m *»" ?»t all «urprl.ed the next tightly by I he arm, one on each aide, morning to receive a telegram from
lngthwhfu they' abound “n ^ia™ el re: _f,(*T"r"1 ,°n< ®* and brlng ,he girl
UnHeefinorg*°l We'are* Sel*n*°*nd<MB- The girlI? Whit girlIf Whom could tilda I"'	mean but Nanny# Was he relent-
My uncle beamed, and drew their |ng » J homed off to fetch the dr.r-arms more tightly through hie, for "ig of my heart and conveyed her, he was a terrible man for the Indiee. blushing and beautiful, Into the pres-
H- was very carefully gotten up. with «ne» of ray mother's brother They a flower in his coat, and h.s thin white had never met before, but f had care-
moustache waxed and curled. An et- *u„ î,ln!lLrucî\e.?, Nancy, fusive welcome awaited him from his	Ob JMr. Hi bet one.' ehe exclaimed,
hast and hosteas. They almost carried	«tier the Introduction had been gone
him Into the drawing-room, where a	through, what a charming view of
surprised .tare was all the greeting	the river you hive from your house I
I received. All the time Selina and	Uo you row much î 1 row a little my-
Matilda kept careful hold of his	•*>«: but façon get tired. It is so
arms	different for a man I" she sighed.
" My desra," said Ihe mother, "why The old man’s fare brightened. It do ymi not. hold your uncle tighter, was immensely gratifying to him that so as to give him more support f" be .healthy, blooming girl should "Support, madam?" said my uncle think him more vigorous than her-extricating himself from their grasp,	I could see that ehe had made
and fixing her with a suddenly fero-	» good Impression, and I al rolled away
clous stare. " And why ? Were you un-	Into the conservaiory for a few min-
der the impression that I bad sprain- “'ça- When I returned I was Ined my ankle nr what?"	tensely amused to find that the two
And Ihe good woman was so con-	were carrying on a desperate flirta-
fused that she dropped her eyes, and	tlon. I stifled my desire to laugh,
: stammered. "E,-yes I"	however, and frowned heavily	and bubble.
p— 7-r, - - F
fr>i over thirty years; but it is petty- 1 hings went on pretty well till din-	fljb|e ^ woinan- Qf course it’s a Possible to lay a finger upon anything
nUnded to keep up a disagreement so £?r- Finding It impossible t<) engage	great mistake to marry a penniless out of order—one eats and sleeps,
lung."	i^scoasinlneQnvereation.J^ahtalk-igir, but j afiinj( it,g a temptation in nml gets up as usual, reads the new
* „ r„.r	» VS
ft was shortly after this mm versa- Indies, ffe seemed a little annoyed at ha /j may t)e induced to overlook this P‘ay be still more inevitable, ami all
their persistence in shouting to him	onp	mistake.	the while, is conscious that life has
at the top of their voices for he was	Af,er that	my	studies	continued	lost sip and flavor, and most of all
Sheldrake. I marvelled a gttU deal i way, UaiLdTo have vlr/gW hear-	^w.lhough, if wTwUhed I? ” wonderfully comforting to un-j guage
at this attention on bis part, for I had l"g He was none too pleased, eith- Nancy and j coulli ,ive in Idleness on derstaud that they are inevitable
er. when they Insisted on Lis occupy-	tbe	jnc(xme ^rhicb	Uncle	George	left	while the root-making for second	burgle:	All	my plated Jewelry and oth-	full	life	sized figure of	an	old	Quaker-
pastor of an out-of-l he-way country ! 'L .TlTnvItï™ m to the	growth goes on. Sometimes the root-	er	valuables	are	In the	Safe	Deposit	osa	and	the	head	and	shoulders	of	a
sent for me, as his most intimate re- My uncle gleamed wrat hfully across No one seems to la e	P« y	TEN \EAR3 LATER.	Hub. snorted Mr. Sourdropp to 0f the body. It needs uo steady gaze
ktive, in order that they might worm the table at her, but made no remark, examined the water which fell at ura-	. (jj -t ,fl ^ few womtin rom. Mr. Arguso. “Hub! If you knew Imlf to bring out the picture. It Is as per-
out of me all his little weaknesses and	I could see that the old man’s inner	hamstown, hut U was noted that the	htiQ(J natures esoteric	processes,	as much ns you think you know, you'd	fect ag	though	drawn	by	a muster
Idiosyncrasies, and thus be prepared	resentment was bubbling up danger-	liquid gradually cleared when placed	grow frightened at their laug-	know a Imlf more than you do now."	hand.
was I, an orphan and a penniless «tu-	M'cd expressly for you with my own	fully examined and was found to con	down under the al ram or	rj^or mg	fhree	much as there la to	the contour of her face.	Only the prodent (if the law, brought up in the	hands. It la minced chicken, and,,	sist of microscopic organisms, which	to-	meuicinea 10 wn p u gg	» .	know/’-Baltliuorc American.	file au(j	a small	portion	of	the shoul-
ertainty of inheriting my uncle's though it is very nourishing and sus- averaged about the twelve thousand Thll” i„„ i h. foundation of sor-	ders are displayed. The face of Queen
üSfiSs iiüii g### iMiiH üüüP WWm
"Thank'von" I said for vour kind Portion, and the meal proceeded in falls the production of a fungoid vege- wiu not (]ry before the end of the	--------------- llsh government should purchase the
encouragement 1 wbh my uncle silence I believe I was the only per- tatiou Is largely In creased.”	seventh. After that you may push	Proof.	marble square.
could hear your views on the matter." son present who was quite comfort-	-----#,----- your beasts to the very top of their Madge-But don't you really believe Tue picture of the French soldier Is
He started slightly, and looked un- »ble and happy and Î was sure I was	HOW SHE GOT THEM.	«P^» an<1 !et..,.he”? ho,d lt 88 ong that Ida Is engaged?	shown In the lower right hand corner
-v /ortable	1 he ,-?n y Wl0nfi .i who htwi any	. ,	as they can without	May-No; I’m sure she Isn’t I asked of the square. The figure Is half life
i... —	-	-	it	z 5
second growth, understand, brings not As to why Pouce de Leon gave the	,s q't ,lfl“ ove! ,he *'ft par*
only new vigor, hut the delight, ce nanie Flor,da to the territory now of the springtime in being and doing.
The years between 45 and 60 ought
to be the happiest, the most fruitful	,,,,,,
of a womans life. She ha a passed the Bn old book published In 1 • >3
region of equinoctial storms, and then It the name of Florida because It was into the plar- *;ot of calms, but of first seen In Easter, called Pasqua de achievement. If she has used herself flores In the language of his country, properly she is strong and light-step-
of midsummer. Then
though the mixed with the ginger Jelly and rubbed blooming continues laggardly, the down to a smooth paste, flowers are poor and small, as though the tree were tired of fashioning them and fretful beneath the strain
»
“That sent me was about the conslst-
7
eucy of cream cheese, and It had a peculiar aromatic taste that was rather pleasant. It Is one of the queer semi-Co ii feet Ions that the Chinese like to nibble at between courses, and am lt

By
D
and by, as August yields to September, the flowers, though they may be fewer, swell to more than the glory
r
danced upon the marble floors where today stand prosaic counters and
f

costa |10 an ounce It is literally worth of spring. They are truly royal— almost Its weight in gold. I have eaten desks. Ihe pretty gallery In tv hi' h >>at
loose-leafed, long-stemmed, heavy- a little of the preparation, but I dou’t famously beautiful women of those
headed blossoms, full of every virtue ! think I’m apt to acquire u taste for it." days, where society gossiped and belief
and beaus carried on flirtations, Is stllf
retained. But It is empty, and no one,
unless It be the spirits of those who
om-e adorned the room, looks down up-
À man who was too economical to on the small army of employees who
take this paper sent bis little boy to handle $2f$2,000,000 each year before
borrow the copy taken by his neighbor. It Is distributed throughout the United
occasionally In his haste the boy ran over a $4 States.

f
o
—New OriwaiiM Times Democrat.
—size, fragrance, color and endurant e.
I hen ther gardener tolls you, it is because in the height of the warm weather the rose struck new roots, and is full of the rich juices of
A SECOND GROWTH.
It is? somewhat the same with fruit trees—which, indeed, i
blossom and iet fall crops of young stand of bees and In ten minutes look
fruit, invariably they make new wood ed like a warty summer squash. His partaient has been used for this pur*
which, if only it harden sufficiently, cries reached his father, who ran to pose for a number of years. The growls the best of all wood for either cuttings or grafts—because, say Hie orch-ardists, It has more life in it.’
Gi ipe vines, Luo, h ive a trick ul put-	,	. .	, ..	,,	, .
ting forth new blooms in the fall. If	from bis anatomy and ruining a one of the government s workshops.
they chance to be veiy abundant, new $4 pair of pants. The old cow took ad* The marble room of the treasury dewine in the cask which has ceased fer- vantage of the gap in the fence and partaient is known fnr and wide and men ting often begins again to hiss got Into the corn livid and killed herself Is a feature of Interest to visitors ou a
eating green corn. Hearing the racket, tour of Inspection of the building. The the wife ran, upset n four gallon churn Interior is constructed of marble full of rich cream into a basket of brought from sunny Italy, from Fiance kittens, drowning the whole flock. In and from Vermont, the hurry she dropped a $7 set of false
teeth. The baby, left alone, crawled the room was built. W. H. West wal through the spilled milk and Into the chief clerk, and A. B. Mullett was the parlor, ruining a brand new $20 car- supervising architect Hugh McCul-pet During the excitement the oldest loch was secretary of the treasury, and daughter ran away with the hired man, his assistants were VV. E. C hand le# the dog broke up 11 setting hens, and and J. F. Ilartly. This Information is the calves got out and chewed the tails proclaimed by two marble slabs placed off four tine shirts.—Kansas City Jour* above the doors. All the marble Is

r
I
A Warning to Borrowers.
t
f
t
This famous room of the treasury do
i
i
his assistance and, failing to notice a Ing demands of the department made barbed wire fence, ran Into that, this necessary, but the place has not breaking It down, cutting a handful of lost reputation even If It has become
I
i
I
F. E. Spinner was treasurer when
ed all I be same
Well," be said, " I have been think-
wlthout doubt the most magnificent that could be obtained. One of the
Saving Trouble.
A provident plumber, on leaving hie markable home for a holiday with his family, of black Vermont marble placed a placard just Inside the hall runs through the middle of this square, floor couched In the following Ian the most remarkable one In the whole
squares, however, la particularly reIt Is a beautiful specimen
A crack
lion with my uncle that I received an invitation to visit my relative Josiah
On it, as though drawn by an “To burglars or those Intending to artist, Is a picture of Queen Victoria, m
room
never met my cousin before. He was




_________,	*	I ihe only
“Of course, you know," I continued appetite.
* the old man isn’t a bad sort, on the I **
you have to stroke him way."
Jotiiah pricked up his large red ears	P
the ladies laid down their work, and ,n.	a,‘,d tremblingly, that you
[ could see that the whole family was could not take pastry of any kind, so on the alert to know which was the *—er—made you a nice little tapioca jurer, right way.	pudding. I am sure you need not fear | She keeps ducks
“ Well." I said, "I don't think hr to try It, as It Is perfectly easy to chew Is exactly eccentric. I suppose it i- and very digest- ” only natural for a man of his year I	* 8,aid my uncle.
to begin to think a good deal about Everyone started. The ladies scream-1 There seems, remarked the roman-himself and his little ailments. Nn ed.	tic young man, as be looked moon-
turally, being a bachelor, Uncle " Cousin," said Josiah, in a voice ward, to be a mysterious spell in the
George misses the tender at I eut ions 'hit had more of arrow in it than atmosphere.	I jprr unacquainted with rheumatic
usually bestowed on the age. For in-	of anger, “ I am, of course, aware that	There Is. answered the	young	wo-	^	and fuj, o( frank health Her
stance," I continued, warming to the	the infirmities of age are a sore trial	man, who is a teacher in	the public	8tPadVi her eyes bright, her
»ub>ct, ” is It to be exrpectod that at	to you and doubtless cause Irritabtl-	ecbools. 1 bave been correcting	ex-	volce	^bl., her laugh infectious,
infirm old man, with only one tooth	,ly and d f iculty of aelf-reslralnt ; but	amination paper, all day.	she m7y have gray hairs in plenty.
mmm sisN^pitn
luïf aiment' makThim V Iri'l: dVtVr‘°	*°	"" * LIMITED ONLY IN NUMBER.	'tpi™“as"1 h,::"of"s.
LT7r:,:f5"f:%',iturki.Z':: œb!ÆAie a m,n of <ew wo,d"’11
end assistance th- ugh he does not you required those things, I would Well, good gracious ! some of them | even Indian summer loses Jen see, il ways show it on the surface."	| certainly heve provided them; but I * are t hrce-quai t. i of e yard 1 ug. Move the sunlight of young syee.
"I
r—of course knew, dear cous- hens, cun she ?
Of course she cun! replied the lad Why, how is that? asked the con-
There are other faces and figures to be found on the square. Dogs, birds and countless grotesque figures can easily be traced by following the lines.— Washington Post.
known by that name, the Florida 1 Farmer and Fruit Grower quotes from
“Gave
1
A MYSTERIOUS SPELL.
1
¦
OFFICIAL CURLS
or as Herrera alleges, because It was covered with flowers and the most

The Queen's footmen wear wigs beautiful blossoms." And The Farm- which have eight rows of curls, where-er adds: “Those who have seen the aa those of tue Prince of Wales are al-Easter season In I lorlda and the	seven rows, and those of the
wealth of flowers which still com* Lord Mayor of London aia given only memorate and adorn its return cr.n six.
well believe that both these reasons influenced the giving of Its name."
IT SPREADS.
Examiner—Now, children, who cam tell me what an epid inio is ? Whatl None of you ? Let me prompt you» memory. It is something that spreads. And now—ah, I ate one of you knows. What it is, my little friend ?
Jam, sir.
Pallln* It Mildly.
Judge Here, officer, this man says he was arrested for merely taking cold. Is that correctÎ Officer-It Is. your honor stealing Ice when l nabbed him—CW cm go Newt
He was
Rosea
X
###PAGE###4###
m
THE EQUITY.
What is peculiar about this last resolution is the fact that Sir Wilfrid Laurier worded it him si If. and yet he and all his followers voted agiinst it. In the course of a long speech vn one of the preferential trade resolutions, moved l»y Sit Charles Topper, S.r Wilfrid Laurier said :
THE MARKETS.
MO DIFFERENCE.
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . . .
SHAWVILLE.
SHAWVILLE, MAY 31, 1900
W !..
O it > pvr lnishtd, 27 to Hx-. Pou se per bushel, 00 to 00e.
Eggs, pvr dozen, 10,
Out ter, per pound, 1:1 to 1 h Wool, per pound. 18 t i (Dv.

The fact that the name of
our place of business ha* Wen changed from I‘ark man to Starke's Corners make» no difference with us.
We are still in the old shtml, doing buiil- -ness on the mâme fair, bqtiare dealing lines
and v\er ivady to meet the requirements of our custom vis.
During the present season wc wish to direct special attention to our
NEW AND COMPLETE STOCK OF
EDITORIAL NOTES
“ Put 1 will endeavor witluut any ciicmnloeution to cerne to the main point .a once, and to meet the motion of my hot), friend definitely and pquaivly. Ti e motion affirms that it i« the duty of the Government to eude.ivor to take steps with a view to obtaining for the products of Canada preferential treatment in the markets of Great l’-ritnin. To that it ion I have not a word of dis-¦. tier; on the contrary, I fully
it is the
you want The Best ?
)>¦ We have Them !
Do
Mr. Thomas Murray and Mr. W. .1. Monroe are spoken of as probable Liberal candidates to till the vacancy in the Leg islature caused by the death of Mr. Andrew T. White, member for North Ken frew.
1
U
«•H
(

t
WANTED 11 il vel ! *r lant** 1
'i I ' \ |’>	• ",
MAN Mil
"t I
an «t wtm.au to ira-U salary *0 nmuthly rttis»: posillon pvr-Iîpx'*h1 Mamuvtl en " i'a xtvn L tlg., vhl.
In
m n
velop
('H K'*.
4	^
A large, well-assorted 8Look of
l-rop
sent t
1 sty al oi
If iliia amt duty of the 0 tvernment rf Canada
by all means m its power and as soon as it is possible to do so, to get preferential treatment in the markets of Great Britain.
Two days afterward one of the Conservatives moved a re"o’utinn in the exact words of S r Wilfrid, “ That it is the du’y of the Government of Canada by all means in i’s power and as soon ps it is possible to do so, to get preferential treatment in the markets of Great Britain," and all the Vivrais voted against it.
H w will they vxp'aiu this to their constituents
Six traiuluada of Doukhobors and Gal* licians passed through by 0. V. K. last week for the North West, of thing keeps on the great North West will not after a time be the desirable place to reside in which nature destined it should be.
Clearing1
SALE Millinery.
Summer
Wheeled Rigs
Single and
Double
Goods
of
\' hich embrace n varied assortment of the newest lines in the market, an ! only need examination to rotoiu mend them to customers.

Sir Charles Tapper to Visit Shaw-
ville.
1 mm now offering
OF ALL KINDS.
IT AT COST
Sir Charles Tapper, the veteran leader
TEAS ! TEAS!
the who'e of my large stock of Fashion able Milliner) vousisting of
HATS. HON NETS,
MI.KS, VELVETS,
LATES. CHIFFONS,
VFILINGS, FLOWERS,
FEATHERS. &u, &v,
of the Conservative party, who last week celebrated the 40th anniversary of his
DUST-PROOF HUBS ALL WELL FINISHED and STYLISH THROUGHOUT.
• • • » « •
Our stock of Teas stand unsurpassed in quality and price. It will pay you lu give them a trial.
It is easy to brazan it out entry into public life, and whose vigor of in Parliament, where they have a large
majority and Ota do *i they ;	. but
it will be different when they have to face the electors. Sir Wilfrid Liurier and his party are condemned by the Premier’s own words. They have not done, they have made no attempt to do what Sir Wilfrid admitted it was their duty to do. On the contrary, Sir Wilfrid while in London told the people that Canada did not want a preference.—Mon treat Star.
j
body and mind, undiminished and bright, is one of the marvels of the present day, has consented to pay a visit to this county on Friday evening, the 22nd of June, on which occnsi »n lie will address the
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE'S CORNERS.
A!i of the rrjost Stylist] and Up-to-Date Nature.
SMART & SMITH.
electors of the county at Shaw ville. The following letter from Mr. Poupore, M P., to Mr. K. Graham, President of the Conservative Association, a copy of which the former has supplied us with for publication, explains the reasons for calling the electors together on the date mentioned, and we have only to add, for the present, that the time is wrll chosen, and should meet with a full and representative response from all sections of the conn-
Qraqd
circumstances compel my early ret ire-ment from business sale will continue at vest price until the whole stock Is sold out.
A detachment of Canadian artillery has been figuring in the second capture of Douglas, and apparently had moat to do, first with breaking up the Doer laager and then with repelling an attack of the regathered enemy. If Mr. Tarte had been allowed to hold Sir Wilfrid Lturier to his Toronto Globe interview platform, and no Canadian troops had been sent to the field, we would have been a very humble lot o? Canadians about this time, instead of a very preud lot. - M ntreal Gazette.
P.
S. All kinds of Farm Implements.
MILLINERY
Opening
mrs, McWilliams,
Shawville.
LORD VELVO,
gjj! Patent Express
Buggy Wheels
ty
Ottawa, May 22nd. VW
at
Ei>wari> Graham.
President Conservative Association,
Elmside, P. Q
28.911
Slack Stallion, Foaled Sept. 8,1895.

V'

In the interests of the Conservative party l deem it my duty to ask you to call a mass meeting of the free and independent electors of the county of Pontiac, to he held at Shawville on Friday, the 22nd ut June next, after the arrival of the train from Ottawa, to hear Sir Charles Tapper, the leader of the Opposition and the Conservative party of Canada, who has kindly consented to attend the meet ing at my request.
This meeting has been spoken of for some time past, but it was deemed advisable to defer it till after the seed time to enable those from a distance to attend.
I would, under the circumstances ad vise that wide publicity be given in the mty «•!* the meeting, w ith the \i< s of
having « ’" my present a.s possible and UNCLE SAM TAKES A HAND that it should be a representative meeting in every sense of the term.
Yours truly,
W. J. Povvore.
It ia rcnntkd'ie that when the politi
j I> "i: :	'¦. is ad vane
< M, '
and
St *.iul
Sired by the Champion and Easiest Trotting* Staiilon owned In Canada, the great
red

cal morality of i itig to a decidedly higher plane the moat immoral G rerr.tuer.t we have ever had should be in iflice. K r the past twenty years parliament has been devising laws which would ensure honest représenta
v \ i • by safeguat ling ti
SHAWVILLE,
April 13th and 14tl].

¦


(Tirecl or not)
At Bottom Prices. A beatiful Display
Stylish New Goods
COMPRISING
Children’s Hats, Dress Hats (all Kinds)
Sailors
Flowers, in all the Chiffons leading and Nets shades.
GENEVA, 8,345,
U.os. H i i 1 li:t :i.
tiou of the i
1 he Laurier Government in 1 vet-
rot t
•han three years has managed to nullify evc-y provision of farmer administra" j tivns. to render the ballot ridiculous, to j debauch many of the cthcials who have charge of elections and to great'y lowei the public estimate of the value of tin- weighs franchise, by its wholesale purchase of voters.—Toronto News.
îÿJcCOUGALL and CUZNEfj’S Hardware Stores,
FIRST 1) VM - VELVETEEN
Ha
It
bred and pedigree
2.M
i
lver - «'I on v. ni
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
i'liG g’eat Goli -tan !> HV2 heads high, over 1200 pounds and hus hlivwn a
;
large size
MCMULLEN’S
POULTRY NETTINGS and LAWN FENCINGS
1
-in inn tv clip. 1 it will hr oi t*>t horses in Amvvlva. 11avi and height, possessing extreme speevl and being royally bred, this hoi type toproiluu* the Iimses needed by the com trx. to wit : the i ladstev, rrin gv and Chinese Go *nm?nt Asked to general purpose hois
Stamp out Boxers’ Society.
ti
Are not Surpassed in the World.
Goods will be found at» represented and prices right.
CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
LORI) YEI.YO in ill nml;
&?i Their
x season, be ginning 1st of May. standing a< follows :
I® Wire F«ii©
Washington, May 25.—The United States Government has taken a hand in
Condem d by His own Words, the suppression of the *‘ B xer»,’ t
famous Uhincsi secret society, which R There ia one great question upon which engaged in the massacre of native U.lrist-the two political parties might hxve unit- uns m China, and to which is attributed ed. It ia so manifest that it would be numberless outrages upon the foreign greatly to the advantage of Canada to j missionaries.
have a preference m the British market United States minister Conger, has that no one denies it. On the question been instructed by the State Department i of protection for Canadian industries, | to inform the Chinese Government that ; there was always difference of opinion, the Government of the United States ex There were always many who thought peels it to promptly and thoroughly that protection would do the country 1 s amp out this s -ciety and to provide more harm than good, although the great ! ( rop-»r guarantees for the maintenance of majority of the Canadian people believed | peace and order and the protection of in it, but both parties agree that a tariff j life and property of Americans in China, preference m the British market would all no v threatened by the operations of he a good thing for Canada. Why, then, the “ Boxers.'
should not the two parties c -operate t<. Lmdon, May 25. -A special despatch bring it about. This was what the Con j from Shanghai says advices from Szuch-eervativea proposed. They did n t wish oen, province of Fu-Peh, report tha-to make a party question of it Indted, “ Boxers ’ l ave destroyed two vil ages in introducing resolutions on the ques-1 and massaezed many of the converts of
the French missionary stations. The general e mmandii at Shi-Fan-Fu, sent
well as C >nserv.vives might vote for I t regiment to the scene of the dial urban-them, provided they believed in inter-1 ces Imperial preferential trade.
When Liberal members of Parliament I ed go to their constituents asking for re-1 ed from Ichang election, what excuse can they make for voting down the preferential trade rear.-lution moved by Mr. Alexander McNeil in the session of 1893 ?
Monday nt Br) »n, Tuc<d'iv at McGuire - H
1.
? sin
fu
s

Thursday, at Kelly \ 11.Cel, Uaiiipbvlls
Bay.
Remainder of
!
VU)
Dale Bros
si
His YEAH ON
week at Bryson.
Fee —#10 payable at time of
HOC FENCING.
These Goods are all manufactured by the Ontario Wire Fencing Go., Limited, of Picton, Ont.
her vi servin'

S. A. MACK A 5
Manager.
Bn son, Quf
Practical
Tinsmiths
SHAWVILLE
For sale '>y the Hardware Men liant > and General IV by the Canadian I la rc ware Jobbers.
GEN. AGENTS
is tin ) lgliout Canada. Also
Teacher wanted.
The G. Greening Wire Co. of H. ,i Agent fur Railway Fencing : James Cooper, M ?.tt [3^ C\tn'esfuniilfuri* v'ith M<i , :>/tdurers t.anYvY.
Montreal
Wanted for Sc hool No. 1. Lower Litchfield. a Female Teacher holding a First or Second Class Elementary Diploma. Applications stating salary to he addressed to tin* undersigned on or before the 20th of June. V>hi.
9
J
\re well equipped to supply all the demands of
A Travelling1 General Agent
Wanted
PETER M< LEAN
s
: reus.. Bryson. Que
THE SPRING AND SUMMER TRADE with a complete stock of all necessary articles in
For Sale.
tion in the House they were careful to word them so that
particularly Liberals as
The undersigned oilers lor sale on easy terms hi-
The soldiers were ambushed by the malcontents and lost twenty-six men kill-Keinforcementa have been despatch-
An experienced canvasser, or a man with good J||||	AGATEWARE.
character and address, with the necessary ability1 to travel from town to town and appoint agents.
No canvassing. Salary and expenses paid. Position permanent and promotion according to merit.
The Bradley-Garretson Co
BRANTFORD, ONT.
Saw Mill, Grist Mill and Carding Mill,
Orders for Special Articles will receive promt attention. Tin Hoofing a specialty,
Pekin, May 25.—A force r,f Chinese cavalry that waa attacked by Boxers, lost a colonel and seventy men killed and wounded.
together with a good Dwelling House and Outbuilding', with about twenty-five acres of land, situated in Chichester, and known as‘* Poupore's Mills."
Intending purchasers can view the property and examine the condition of the machinery in the different mill'.
In the grist mill there are two run of stones.
“ That it ia advisable that a customs arrangement be effected between the United Kingdom and the colonies. by which the trade within tho Empire may be placed upon a more favorable footing than that which ia carried on with foreign countries."
There is not one Liberal member of Parliament who can say to his constituents, “ 1 voted for that resolution,*' and it will be very difficult for any member tc explain to the satisfaction of his constituents why he didn't vote for it. It will be equally embarrassing for Liberal members when their constituents ask them why they voted against the following resolution, moved by Sir Charles Tapper, during the present session :
“ That this House is of opinion that a system of mutual trade preference between Great Britain and Ireland and the colonies would certainly stimulate increased production in I and commerce between these countries, and would thus promote and maintain the unity of the Empire, and that no measure of preference that falls short of the complete realization of such a policy should be considered as final and satisfactory. ’
Want Records for the Veterans
HIGHEST PB ICE PAID
At the Queen'd Birthday celebration at Arnprior l»at week, at which w ere present a number of the veterans who served during the Ionian invasions of ISffti and 1871, the following resolution was pass
Limited,

for Calfskins, Sheep Belts and Cowhides.
In tin* saw mill there N one circular saw one butting saw, one edger and one turn ing lathe.
The carding mill machinery is ns good as | ¦ new and all that is necessary there is “ Whereas, the Government of Canada, I clothing for the rollers, after thirty odd years have expired, has With a small outlay to the dams and been pleased to recognize the services of machinery, the mills van be put in such
thee, Who, in and 1870, turned ou, r°'(,'uv ôp^rtunuf Tom-r,,! to those to repei ai. invasion of our shores, by who tvish to secure property of that kind, granting a medal to the survivors, and and the price and terms Will be made 11 Whereas, the recipients cf the med-1 known to suit bona tide purchasers.
I ? further information appl) to
W. J. POUPORE,
Room XI. Ontario Chambers,
Ottawa. Ont.
Mention this paper
c 1
.303 Calibre.

X
Savage Magazine Rifle.
als, feeling very grateful, still find them selves entitled to a reward ai their comrades of the lied River expedition and Northwest rebellion, and believe that now is an opportune time to agitate the ¦ jUtsticn.
“ Whereas, we further feel that the families of our departed comrades are.	4
equally entitled to be recognized withLtitun7rfeTr.^rXd ta™ ta tbfalSE
..Tu CV .	,	.	... nlcipnlitv- a list will then be made out
Therefore, resolved, that a Cummittee | ami handed over to the collector. If costs
be chosen by this meeting, composed of are incurred you alone will be to blame.
the executive of the Ottawa and Renfrew,	By Order.
Lanark and Carleton associations, and	_____ ____________________________
But	„«.h .m _ I	ÏÆïï SI »¦**»» -	I To the Members of County Orange
most embarrassment to the Liberals is the j granted to the survivors of the Fenian following :
“ That it ia the duty cf the Government of Canada, by all means in its power, and as soon as it is possible to do sc,, to get preferential treatment in the markets of Great Britain.’
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Only Emmeries Smokeless 6-Shooter.
Oui* ville takes ~i\ «lili'erent cartridges Point Blank Range for Hunting.
School Taxes.
Finest ami safest t itle ever made for large or small game.
Write for complete l'.Kw Catalogue.
/VT^TVTff OO.v CTICA, N. V.. V 8. AMEItIVA
COUNTY
Orange Lodge Meeting.
Teacher Wanted.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
Wanted, a Prot holding a (ir>t or second c lass diploma for tin* Province of Quvl.ec to teach Dissentient Sc hool No. 1. (’ultimo! Island, for ten months beginning August 1st and ending •fune Until, hum. (February omitted) and to
teach Saturdays if required. Applicant® will plen.se state salary exacted on applying to the undersigned Sec retary not Inter than .Tune 20th prox.
JAS
mt Female Teacher
To bay well, watch the latest prices amlin-formation in the special THAOE PRESS
The Canadian Oroeer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Matai Merchant The Dry Oeoda Review The Beohseller and Stationer.
Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Lodge :
raids of 1806 and 1870, and also to the I	Walsh and Nolm, the three i ^-0(juc |s hereby given that the Semi
legal heirs of our dead comrades, and »> elUnd Canal dynamiters, were sentenced Annual Meeting of the above I.odge will that the same benefits be conferred upon to Iife imprisonment at the conclusion of In* held in the Orange Hall, Slmwville, on
îsfÆitasriï SS4.’“,00k pU"in
lovea Canada, or serve abroad as Cana- An epidemic of smallpox is reported at	Signed by or. 1er
diam in defence of the British Empire ” I Pert Arthur and Fvrt William, Ont. I Shawville, May 21, 1900.	-|
F. CARSWELL, Sec.-Trea.**,, Dunraven, Que.

/
c


_______M
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
JAN. HOPE & Co.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
\| ANTFACTUMNO «TATÏ0NBIX8 .[iOOKSRL "a tôi#, Bookbinder» Print*™, etc, De|<unltory
l cu« Utt iwi* Auilll/ ry Ul!ile8uvl«tv,Ottawa,Out.
The Charm
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PU DI. MU El) KVERY TtIUKNDAY
AT HHAWV1LLK, Co. PONTIAC. QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION -$1.00 A YEAH IN ADVANCE.
No paper Mopped until all arrearage* ci paM, uult’Hs by Mpedal arrangement with ublluher.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L
» I
A. SMILEY, Prop.
NOTARY nr HU ; NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN A.Vi)MAVINUh CM., OF ONTARIO.
of (fewness
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TEKMH.
BRYSON, -
iv ville on fuuM.lny of every
Does Quality count with you ? If so we can interest you. Here are a few points in the construction of
QUE.
:o:
Will lu; in 811 Week.
ADVEUTISINU HATES;
|#ogal advertising. might rent# per llr.c* for tirai Insertion «ml four cents per Hue for vavli subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch In-aerteil at #100 per year.
l,ooal announcement» Inserted at the rate nr live cents per It no for tirât Insert tou and Ui rec cents for subsequent Insert Ions.
Commercial ml vert 1*1 ng hy the month or for longer periods Inserted a» Imv rates, which will he given on application.
Advertisement» received without Instructions accompanying I hem will he Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Mirth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three vents per line.
R. MITCHELL,
We are continually winqing on qew lines !
BAILIFF OF THE .SUPERIOR COURT,
forth© District of Pontine, utllco, Main hi., Simwvlllt*.
A count4 collected and promp*. returns made,
W9MHt$lÀ
By keeping our Stock clean,
By clearing all odd a and ends, at reduced prices, Commencing cadi season with new and fashionable goods Selling on small profits and rj nick moving of all stocks.
The FROST & WOOD
Oise Harrow:
n
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
a
# a
81 Nepean St., Ottawa, Ont.,
t
Lumber of All Kinds Bought and Sold
New Spring- Goods !
JOB HUNTING.
All kinds of Job Printing nantir and
LîuTùt'.fiu,'“lu<1' UrderHliy ,,lul1 rruiapuy Prompt Attention given to all "	Commissions. Prompt
Returns-
Commieiion Business a Specialty,
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
Patented ball bearings, requiring no adjustment. Every Harrow rolls along on 01» hardened balls. Patent adjustable Scrapers ; every Scraper works on a separate spring, and the scrapers on each section can be locked on or off’at will. Double levers. Each section can be set at an independent angle—a great convenience in turning and working on side hills. Patent Pole Attachment, adjustable for two or three horses ; can be adjusted instantly without removing pole—as easy as opening and shutting a door. Made in eight different sizes.
The foundation of Seme Furnishings. I Place your orders early before stock is exhausted.
New Dress Goods, New Muslins New Organdies, New Prints,
New Ginghams,
New Silks,
New Piques,
New Dress Skirts, New Skirt Waists, New Umbrellas, &c.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publleher
t
Business Cards.
Permission :
Deni* Murphy, Pr*m. Ottvwa Transporta*ion ( F. W A very., Hull Lnmler Co.
J. T. Hhlrriit, E. U. Bddy Co.
Latcliford A McDougall, Barrister*
John Henry & Hoiu.
H N. Unto* Hon.
Br.rr.NRN
MEDICAL.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B./\., M.D..C.M.
OltADUATli Of M< Gll.l. I NIVKH8ITY,1
OIMrv -Residence of the late Dr. II. II Knox, Shaw ville.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN StylTH, Proprietor.
s
Carpets
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
'f
There is fashion in house furnishings ns in everything else. We pride ourselves in being up-to-date in everything in
F T. M. C.
\ complete stocK of REPAIRS always on hand for Frost & Wood IVjachines.
A. SMILEY - SHAWVILLE.
The spot spot fur-
Uredtute of Trinity Vuivemity, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto, Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Ornes aüd Remhenck i J. H àbm«tbon«T» Hoche, MAIN HT HURT - • SliAWVIU.B.
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
CARPETS,
LACE CURTAINS,
FLOOR OIL CLOTHS
and WALL PAPERS.
if Your Turn next.
LEGAL.
D. WILSON S,
>
’'ANTED -lioneat manor woman to tra-v»,‘ for large house ; salary$45 monthly and expense*, with Increase ; position Penninent -, Inclose self-addreased stamped envelope Chicago.
\\
i
)
BOÜRBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L
i
PRACTICAL
W1TCT1MAKER
I
MANAGER, 300 Caxton bldg.
ADVOCATE . . BHYSON
WILL VISIT SliAWVILLB EVERY MONDAY.
f
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE,
The Popular Store for
Choice Confectionery,
Groceries
Spring Requirements.
Ready Mixed Paints, Paint Brushes, Kalsomine Brushes, Curtain Poles, Garden Tools and
. . . General Hardware. . . .
and

THE
JEWELLER
Ü
WM. GAMBLE,
w
flT,
m
KhK
PORTAGE DU FORT
w
' W i
A HKLKCr STOCK OK
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE
Ac.
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Room 20, Trust Building
St., Ottawa, Out
At Sbawvllle, second and fourth Thursday | \
of each mont
•btttce-over O. F. Hodglns* Htore, Main Ht.
u

I
-,
t
No. 4M Spat ks | }/f(l
LUX
Roller Mill
Fruit, (in season),
-also -
g#
«

i
M Z
P. S.

A Complete line ot Trunks, Valises, Telescopes, Shawl Straps and Buggy Dusters.
m
Fresh Oysters,
Rei*aiiii*6 —
1ALITV.
A crl
1.
Served either raw or st(

?*¦
Arthur McConnell,
HAYING RECENTLY BEEN
SHAWVILLE, 0
THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A | Customers promptly and courteously
treated.
TTORNEY AT LAW, Main Rt. Hull, Quo, will, at request, at tend all.murtm tutae '.Strict. Allcorreapondenceprompt ly answered.
XV 111 visit Shaw villa regularly on the third Thursday of every mouth.
1
FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME
AND TURNING OUT	, .
First Quality Flour, r
«TaT Farmer* favoring thi> Mill with their / custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
District and Country.
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The .lews throughout the world wi 1
__________ .obiet June 3rd and 4th as the six, ,	,
GEO. G ¦ WRSLHT. thi-uiandth anniversary of the giving of ^ the Churc.i treat eu her numbters,
the ten commandment* by Moses to the **nerous,y in the matter « f ho. way a she
would reap all the gain. For every new
idea which cornea t<* the minister's mind, ami eve;y new boi k he reads, and every j new sight he sees, ar.d every new gallery he visits during his holidays pass into his . words and into his life, and the thoughts ; an t John 1 e -us--r, M. P , were elect.d fulness tnd generosity of congregations Honorary members.	j would c< me back to the r own sou's with
S'/lIS a 7'f, "S'™" ™	: SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
The Shawville
CEO. HYNES,
SASIl and HOOK
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
c tildicu of I-ravI at Mount Sinai.
I HI
IN
A rilie association has 1 een t rgan zed in Renfrew. Mr. David P»irr is pres -dent, and Mr. D. H McAndrew. h cn•
H »r. F. K Latchford, M. L A.,
MobtonV Bank Chaml'ei-M
14 Met,
FURNITURE DEALER AND
«life St.. Oltawa. and Pontiac Di>-1 *ar.v’*
— ALL KIM'S CF—
Phone No. 117:*.
Law business in () trict
JOSEPH BROWN,
Interior & Exterior
t •
âi
UNDERTAKER,
1 !
? »
PROPRIETOR.
finish for
Houses & Verazlahs
W. W. IRELAND,
L ui* C'yr, the Canadian chain: inn, di-feated Ronaldo, the German champion, at strength testa for $2,000 and the Deeds, I world’s championship at Fall River executed legally and saint | Mass., last week. Vyr. on the back lift,
raised 1,805 p. unda, to R i.aldo’s 1,(550.
FOR SALE:
Clerk of the District Magistrates’ Court.
Commissioner and Convey»
Mortgages, etc fttoiortly.
MAN! FA< Tt'KE
Winnipeg, Man , May 25.—The dead * I body if Neil McKiilop, a carpenter, for-1 j merly rf Ingermoil, Ont., was L und dealing in the Assir.abuine River yesterday. John Whitehead, of Sand Point, has, j Deceased was last seen on Friday, May by the death if an uncle in Liverpool, ; 18, when he was ordered away from his alien heir to a legacy of fifteen hundred boarding house on account of being drunk. lïiILIFF OF THE St PERIOR COURT I pounds. He will ta£e pierage for Fog- i The evidence shewed a clear case of mica	to r u’y bud n ‘l u con nectk.u ! land in a short time, as his presence is cide, and the interment of the body was
wil'a all Courts In the County, 1 ’-Elections | necessary in closing up the estate.	J ordered by the coroner.
lUAdeand p-um piroturnsassured
A large, well-selected and varied stock of | A quantity of— Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
DOORS, hASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
I.t MfiSR, & . &
tock arvl made‘to ur<ler.
LI MBER DRESSE!» AT POPVLARPRIUBS.
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
K it
IN UNDERTAKING

william i:u.ion
Pulpwood fiotice. ! mk-iiedie &hodgins.
I also keep a complete stock of h une-ral Furnishing'., ranging from the plainest requisites to the mo^t elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
Estimates furnished.
Parties wishing to take out Poplar wood this year are requested to contract at once for amount of wood they can take out.
d^-MPNMI
”tePïti2se wdacieda“l8hirwvnilee<)ncebH I $8"0,000 in the recent big fire at Ottawa, o'clock his wife found him; life »m ex- unopened for the Season of 1900 on May month, a variety of articles always on b.ut it was fully covered by insurance, and tinct. Deceased was former.y C. P. II. 1st and will give the fanners of Pontiac baud for sale. Office : Shawville, Que. I ad the companies doing insurance busi- freight agent here and was 70years of age. the advantage of reaching the Creamery
Court SbawviUe,l?'T^Y^f^^	\
9 they place it at the figure mentioned The following etory was told the News received every morning, separated by an No 2 16. I above. The Messrs. Skilling*, Whitney 1 last week at the expense of a clergyman, Alnh de Laval Separator, and the skin*. ;Tyj	\	Meets	the 1th Wedi nd Bam### of New Tort, had a loss of whose field of labor is not a hundred miles milk Immediately returned to tl e patrons.
Mr «&&& 'fl I day of every monllj‘ $0,500 in the fire.	from Smith’s Falls. Recently the minis.- The price of the milk will l*e paid every
#skaes mm SE
IfiPtliBB..................
There is no wholesome and sensible | Few and far between, but the door minister who does not wish to have the ; wa® right up to-date. Doubtless the wed-good will of every class in his congrega- ding day will be indefinitely postponed.


GENERAL.
THE AYLMER 1 CREAMERY CO., I
We do not want anyone to commence cutting wood for us without having a igned contract.
PATENTS
1

J. J. TURNER,
l
t
M AGFA BLANK BROS
Campbell" 4 Bay.
(
• »
/
Aylmer Que.,
PROMPTLY SECURED)
Spring
Season
Write for our interesting bocks " Inventor's Help'* and " How you are swindled.” Send us t rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion ns to whether it is probably patentable. Rejected applications have often been successfully prosecuted hy us. We )conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal and Washington ; thlsqiialifies us to promptly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents as broad as the invention. Highest references, furnished.	. .	,	_ i
Patents procured through Marion 8c Marion receive special notice without charge in over loo newspapers distributed throughout the Dominion.
Specialty Patent business of Manufacturers ana Engineers.	,
MARION & MARION
Patent Experts and Solicitors.
New York Lite B ld g. Montreal Atlantic Bldg.Washington D C.
61551
»
'{ l b r.
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of
MILK PAILS,
MILK PANS, BREAD PANS, DISHES of all Kinds
ALSO A FULL LINE OF
AGATEWARE
J. A. Cowan, R S.
HVtill Hobbs, C. R.
^Office#: {
HOTELS.
BINDER TWINE.
St. Lawrence Hall,
Canada,
Province of Quebec, District of Pontiac. No. 13Û2.
Parties who heretofore have purchased Uieir Binder Twine from me will And it to their advantage to place their orders with me for this season’s supply. Right prices may be relied upon.
VS. ABM STRONG,
•f
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. Table and Baral-I lion, but he especially covets the respect ways well furnished.	and confidence of the young men. This
First-class Livery Attached.	I ja tlot because they are wiser than their
elders, nor because they are more spiritual, but because they are ur.onventioual and sincere to the last degree —Ian Mac* Laren, in the June Ladies' Home Jour-
In the District Magistrate’s Court at Shawville.
Green Lake.
Bristol Wharf
ALEXANDER ARGUE, of the Township of Clarendon, in the District of Pontiac,
an inspection of which is invited.
FRESH and CURED
50 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
Plaintiff,
Stoves.
Vo,
ROBERT KIDI), heretofore of the Township of Clarendon, said District, but now absent from the Province of Quel-i •
The Defendant is ordered to appear within one month.
FERRY
-MEATS1
•r
nab

o
Toronto, May 2o. Arthur McIntyre, i The undersigned having had two years’ the 1J year-old lad who shut and killed experience in ferrying passengers betwe his father, Peter McIntyre, one of Tor- Bristol Wharf and Sand Point will con-onto'a best known citizens, on May 10, | tinue to do so this season as follows :
was found guilty of the charge of manslaughter by a jury in the criminal assize court, presided over by Justice Street, last evening. The jury was out only about half an hour. The jury added to its finding a strong recommendation to mercy. The boy during his trial audjeven when he was found guilty, showed little A handsomely illustrated weekly. Largest Hr. I appreciation of the seriousness of his position. He wa, sentenced to four year,
*!!** t teraSsM I Esr*	" "
The balance of our stock of Stoves to be cleared out at reduced figures.
Defendant.
of all kinds at
Trade Marks Designs Copyrights Ac.
ussi
•perlai noticé, without charge, m the
Scientific American.
W. W. IRELAND,
Clerk of said Court.
Leave Bristol Wl\arf
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8 a.m., 2.45 p.m., and 5.30, p.m.
Roofing Contracts taken
and estimates furnished.
THE SHAWVILLE
Meat Market
J. Œ. McGUIRE,
Shawville. May lltli. 1UU0.
C. E. WAINMAN
Trespass^ Notice.
I hereby forbid all parties from trespassing in any manner on my property, being Lot West Half of No. 5 on the 5th range of Clarendon.	,	I
Clarendon, May 23, 1900.
Leave Sand Point
Everyday (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., 3.57, p.m., and 6.42, p.m.,
Meeting all Trains.
CEORCE BALLANTINE,
Ferryman.
I
Shawville-
P.S.—Top price for Hides and Pelts.
MRS. JANE YOUNG.
Proprietor.

\

V
k


###PAGE###6###


LESIONS LOANED BRITAIN, |8AVIN0 ,N 0LD PAINTIN0- [A TRIBUTE TO CANADIANS
_____	lesenlone Method by Whleh It Wee	——
BEST LIFE FOR HEALTH.
THE GREAT KEINPLATZ EXPERIMENT.
Outdoor Bier*t*e and It* Hmrflrfal Rfl>cl
on lb* Ifrws

WHAT A CHAPLAIN SAYS ABOUT
OUR SOLDIERS.
I'm ii
MEN HIRED IN EUROPE TO FIGHT
HER BATTLES.
V-II Hartmann s Indignation at this we stay. My theory la triumphantly , 11,6 Lo,,dl,n Lanoet makes some In-fr«.sb attack upon him was so great proved, but the cost is terrible.” tereating comments on the effects of
MflSSSi mM
IU) life, ’ X on Hartmann cried, stamp-	"1 low r gasped the professor.	80 vast a tract of laud that he can- as officers (hat a certain number of	school, but It hud lain forgotten lu a	men ami<* lhe Perils and privation#
c1 V!Y htV UU\it> ‘ MyiieVlT,lsùT.,ü!	.* Wh*‘ l)y relating the experiment,	not see the dwelling of his nearest foreigners bad to be enlisted to pro-	garret for many years and had become	of th5a campaign has won my almost
me along the public road. My wife	,K/>u.lslVnva u?1(Jr^: nlu<,.thl' neighbour. Thon his occupations are P*rly officer (he regiments.	! ®° lucrusted with dirt and grime that J^uudleea admiration. For the latter,
noarly faint# when 1 ask her for din- way back into th«ir rmiwtïv«n»m	n11 outdoor occupa lions. lie must Until leea than fifty years ago, when It was Impossible to distinguish any of If*' here is necessarily still
Sits	he~™e~e~ shU ig-rs
\;m have not even kissed me once-, his own frame to the side of the Toad his s“W>ly bo depends to marks an English paper. The men fj|j| rt a( a tl)uch, aud scrubbing * D°ere* lhoae irrepressible, wrap-
Von ° H irtonun11 a!! Y 'with ’decision ^,lll..threw il into a mesmeric trance; «"iiio extent upon hunting, and here *aKaged were mostly old soldiers, and WUB ()f voyUm>% out of the question.	,	* waterproof sheet around their
‘ You ought to be ashamed of your-	extracted the crystal ball again we have a health-giving ooou- were hired to fight until the war was “That was the condition of things ! «boulders, and sang defiantly till the
a A	"Z:.... ......... *.“??	~
• Vn U it lor tl is ” Kliso cried bury- 1 banoed to j<iss during the next hour	k* the all important fact that he is (,^rnian troops were regularly cm-	pened to be In the city. 1 lie Hint thing	m da* obsdal by the side of what
In g her face m her handkerchief—"is	muvh„ astonished to see the	exempt from the health wearing trials ployed. Most of them mine from	be did was to glue a huge sheet of	seemed an interminable procession of
waHS®	E~£F^]£ F- EBHEE ~1	" ""
»........_
"What the deuce does the girl mean#	a[l|j !	, !• Vi" ^'nv.d. hie e£es	freedom from	anxiety caused by	our	aKain8t the exacted attack. These	|y removed, and nothing was left but	jt ,ifty by day, the patient endurance
What did l do ten months ago which	instant hv‘se\,m hYYÎ, rni^hn h	overwrought	civilization, aud	the	hirelings were paid at the British	the fragile shell of pigment. That he	of the soldier surpasses the patience
BUSS mmm	- sE: ""
igs~g= EiiiE£5 Srssr zzzzrz.—____________________________________________________________________
h-ver "vou do but joke in order to	an'l the two performed a sort of pas	lated.	enraged at this shameless action. I ho	then remalm d hut to tnkt off the ma-	I ronje, they tell us, has been caught
fr ghten your little lllise.’*	de joie in the middle of the road.	“He knows nothing either of	our	Landgrave of Hesse was paid £471,10»	nl*a l,alM‘r* "bi* h was readily done	like a rat in a trap a little further up
Now, it chanced that at the mom- j or	Hme after that people sordid poverty, of our overcrowding in three cent. 8tock for the lies- with hot water. After that the surface
ent of this unexpected embrace Von	*""*> su-Wion of the sanity of	and of all the in salubrious and de-	1 Indcmuid-	wn" thoroughly cleaned, and the pits
Harlmann was .still leaning ha, k	™th the actors m this strange epis-	grading conditions bred of misery	a,ia *®8ft in the W ar of Independ	Is now almost ms bright and clear
sofa there stood a tank lull of water	|th.at ho would do well to have his	from these nerve disorders that so	down chiefly by Hessian hirelings, lo	tHi>|0 miracle had been accomplished.” since then he has forced us to renew
In which the physiologist was conduct-	mind cared for, an.i that another su. h	largely contribute to destroy the	u<* that is a mailer for shame, us	—New Orleans Times-Democrat
Ing certain expérimenta upon the ova	|>u ication would certainly consign	health of the populations iu the great	it in to the Irish one of righteous
equable leiu^mtare. The addition- "L1,0 ** *lll>ut about tl.e matter. and of « more powerful physique IM,leon we freely h.red foreigners, but al weight of the maiden, combined hen the worthy lecturer relumed than the English. It is quite a com- the bulk of the work was done by tiri-
ZfLZB	'"u-d 6"
s*iisee
Extricating himself with some diffi- waa ^ng before the domestic utmos-	.	..	,, T
culty from his unpleasant position, phere oi the lecturer s house resumed-—{he*'' considcianons the Lnn-Von Hartmann gave an inarticulate normal quiet, and longer still be- cet draws the conclusion that theef-
yell of fury, and dashing out of the ^re the genial face of Von Hartmann forts or legislation and of philanthro- besides Germans from all the i>ctty room, iu spite of the »ntieaiies of "as seen beneath its roof. Persover- py should be directed fust to the g,(ates, there were also enlisted Elise, he seized his hat and rushed «nee, however, conquers every obsta- endeavour to get as large a section French Royalists, expelled by N a poof f into tho town, all dripping and cie, and the student eventually sue- of 1 be population as possible back on leou, Uorsican, Greeks, Kali ins, Turks, disheveled, with the intention of ceederi in pacifying the enraged ladies to the land. We should strive to Portuguese ¦ mÊmjM	¦¦
seeking in some inn the food and com- and in establishing himself upon the make town life as similar to country | and Swiss.
fort which he could not find at home old footing. lie has now no longer life as possible. Therefore streets ; At Waterloo Wellington’s army of \s the spirit of Von tiaumgarten An* cause *o ftar the enmity of mad- should be as broad and houses sur- 67,000 was made up of only 22,00:) Brit-tucased in the bixly of Vou Hart- ame* ^r he U Hauptmann von Hart- rounded with as much open space as iah and the rest were Dutch, Hruns-tuanu strode down the winding p;ith- ma.n?.	, 1 ^.le emperor s own l hlans, circumstances will admit. All ac- w ckers, Hanoverians and Nassaumen.
which led to the little town, UUl* bis loving wife hUse has already cumulations of filth which corrupt They were not much good and Wel-angrily over his many presented him with two little Uhlans the atmosphere of towns should be lington’s desjxitcheM from the Penin-hecaane aware that an ^ a vÎHiblo sign and token of her af- removed with the utmost celerity, sula are full of complaints of the
fection.	and the means of communication
should be so multiplied and reduced in cost as to enable townsfolk to enjoy the maximum of exercise in the open country.
"Did you ever bear of transferring an old oil palutlug to a new canvas/” said a well known art connoisseur of
One would declare at first
He Was Slraek wtih ike Vebîe Leek lag « mind Inn* - lie A*y# the Ufurrah kp<uk Highly af Hen From i na nls.
The Rev. It. P. Ixiwry, senior Wesleyan chaplain, with I And Roberta1 army, writes from JacubsCal:
1 be bearing alike of officers and
M
more
men apeak of the patient ox night runny an ox toiled on, neck in yoke, and gave no tr'gn of suffering, till from very weariness, it fell by the wayside aud died But, as I behold
That
THE CAPTURE OF CRON JE
This seems specially true of those who are sorely wounded. Fighting of No ed to Its new foundation ns If It had I he fiercest typo has been going on
1
the river-bed, and on Monday last
actually offered to surrender, with all hie force, if only he might do so on his own terms
condition that could
not bo consented to—-so day by day
the wanton strife; and many a precious life is being flung away to satisfy this stubborn soldier's so-called sense
ANATOMY IN RHYME.
of honour. Yesterday a long convoy arrived hearing our seven hundred
. ,	,	® ^ recent writer In an Australian pa- brought for the most part over the
could not rely on h:s mercenary gangs pvr tenches anatomy In verse. The rough roads iu open waggons, cap-
too much. An act was passed in 1794 rhymes are not nil perfect but they lured from the Boers, from the fatal authorizing the enlistment of 5,1X10 “will serve.” foreigners. In 1804 (he "King’s German Legion,” of 10.00» men, was formed. They assembled, and were drilled, at Weymouth, under the command of the Duke of Cambridge. Two years later the force was increased by 0,000
An Rnmy Wny lo Memorise the Members of Ihe Hotly. X
carious
front, where days before they had been stricken inf,re or less severely. They still had a long journey before them, and it so happened that they set out from here in the midst of derstorm ; but as I passed from one waggon to another, 1 found them bearing their miseries as only brave men could. About three hundred-of them belonged io the unfortunate Highland Brigade. One of them had been shot through the wrist of Ids left band at Magersfontein, and he was now returning slot through the wrist of his right bland. The next, said he. with a gruesome playfulness, w 11 be through the head. Corporal Evans Gloucester*—one of whose name is much honoured at Aldershot— f found in the midst of this huge convoy stricken with dysentery. The Cornwall* seemed to have suffered almost as heavily In proportion as the Highlanders, and it was to mo no small privilege to be permitted to speak a word of Christian solace and good cheer to men from my own country. But I was struck most of all by the number of
NOBLE-LOOKING CANADIANS
Even those
How many bone# In the human facet Fourteen, when the) are all In place. How many Imnee In the human hestif Fit ht. my child, a* I've often maid.
How many t»«,nea in the human apinef Twenty four, like a clustering vine. How many bones In the human chestf Twenty-four rile and iwo of the real. How mam Imnee in lhe ahoulder hind? Two In each How many bonea in (he human arm?
In each arm. one; tun in each forearm. How many I tone# in the human wrist f
athun-
men
e before, one behind.
Belgians, Hungarians
Eight m each, if none is mowed.
How many bones in the palm of the band? Five in each of ft cry one's hand.
How many bones in the fingers ten? Twenty-eight, and h) jointe they bend How many bums in (be human hip?
One In each; like a dish they dip.
How many bones in lhe human tbight One in each, and deep tlwy lie. flow many bonea in the human kneet Two In ea< h, we can plainly see.
How many bones in the ankle strong?
ieven in each, but none is long.
flow many bonea in the ball of the foot?
Five in each, as the palms were put.
How many bon,a i„ toes half a score? Twenty-right, and there are no more.
And now, if you reckon the bones on s elate. They count, in a body, two hundred and eight Then we have in the human mouth, too.
Teeth, upper and under, thirty and two.
And now and then there's a bone, I think. That forma on a joint or to fill up a chink,
A sesamoid bone, or worms in, we call,
of the two brothers
way
brooding wrongs, he
elderly mail was approaching him who appeared to be in an advanced state uf intoxication. Vou Hartmann waited by the side of the road and watched this individual, who Mme stumbling along, reeling from
one side of the road to the	uiher, and	to wear silk petticoats?	This weighty
singing a student	song	in a very	question was	seriously	discussed for
husky and drunken voice At first
hie interest was merely excited by the	. .. ,	,
fact ot seeing a man	of so	venerable	>oun« ladles	binary	in Tambow,
appearance in such a	disgraceful con-	Russia. One	of the	teachers had . ,,	.	,	.	.
dition; but as he approached nearer, formally complained to them that he [ï , h	Y *, d lo. 860 whtith"
he became convinced that he know the	could not instruct his pupils properly	er !y	vT'. q oar	,	.	8lrain of	.,on8
other well, though ho could not recall	for the reason that his attention was	‘ ‘ . .	* *	attention	is alts hen or where he had met h in. This	constantly disturbed by the rustling	, PÎ d	. “e .	Ihe boots	with
ms I session became so strong with him, of their silk petticoats. The trustees ch each recruit is pi u\ uled. More-thal when the stranger came abreast pondered over the matter carefully,	!? w£r tlLQO;.wheneverpractica-
of him he stepped in front of him and and, as a result, a stringent order a , , ^naI,8a(k of ea,‘h 8oldler 18 took a good look at his features..	was issued prohibiting the pupils	f,ftr	«Cached	to	each
Well, sonny,'' said the drunken	henceforth from wearing silk petti-	c	P* X f° he	purpose,	which,	of ,
man. surveying Von Hartmann and coats during their attendance at the course» Ulvlk >’ fac.htates rapid move-swaying about in front of him, "where	school. The girls, it is said, are high-	menla
the banker have 1 seen you before? 1	ly indignant at the order, but the
know you as well as 1 know myself, j teacher who complained about their Who the deuce are you V	undergarments is elated, as he is satis.
"1 am Professor von Baumgarten,” fied that he can in future give full said the student. "May 1 ask who you attention to bis work in the class are ? 1 am strangely familiar with j room your features
bad conduct of these mercenaries. When pence came in 1814, there were no less than 29,000 hired foreigners forming corps in the British army.
Even in 1837 it was found necessary to pass an act authorizing the enlistment of foreigners iu the army. To-day foreigners can still become soldiers of the Queen, but there may not l>e more than one foreigner to fifty Britons in a regiment.
The Crimean War was the lost time Britain had to go a-hiring soldiers. Thirty thousand men had been sent to the Crimea, and more were wanted. So the Government went to Parliament with a bill authorizing the enlistment of 10.009 Germans, 5,000 Swiss and 5,000 Italians, at British rates of
NO MORE SILK PETTICOATS
Ought girls attending a high a bool
SOLDIERS* FEET
some hours by the trustees of a
in the German armies recruits for foot regiments have their feet ca re-
ft mong this big hatch of wounded soldiers, all of them proudly glorying in being permitted to serve and suffer in the name of so great a Queen, and in And now we m*y rest, for we'v# told them all defence of so great an Empire. Among
—Success.
them 1 found Colour-Sergeant Thompson, the son of one of our American ^Methodist	the
Julian Ralph, writing of "The Choir 1 Thompson. Resting against the inner Boy, of England," In The Ladles' , Blde uf a waggon-wheel was e most
w th foreign powers The English En- b,gl 8ta,wart chlldrvn« for It I» at the large cup of life-renewing milk Ly-voy at Washington was dismissed by com,n8 of manhood that their voices ing on another waggon was a middle-the United States and our consul break and they are obliged to stop 8K*d Canadian shot through the at Cologne put on trial for enlist- Ringing until their adult tones are mouth, apparently unable at present
jrsrijsrsssl? =
up of German, Swiss, IJolsteiners, a	and Its possessor must lead nn the solace of a smoke; but thereto
Belgians, Poles and Italians, was em- i orderly ahd Innocent life, which Is why , nothing of any kind on sale within bodied. On August 9th 1855,the Queen 60 mHnJ choirs are made up of boys mile* of this camp, and cigarettes of and Prince Albert reviewed the force I taken from their homes and boarded my own 1 have not yet begun to car-
Zazz ,7.5
period when their voices break.”

Rnelnnd'e fioy ( hoirs
The Real Thing.
Daisy (taking her first meal In the country)—Mamma, what Is the matter with this currant Jelly?
Mamma (In a whisper)—Hush, dearl It's real currant Jelly.—Chicago Tribune.
ing men
"You should never tell lies, young man,” said the other. "You re certainly not the professor, for he is an ugly, snuffy old chap, and you are a big,
broad-shouldered young fellow As to j are always labeled in case they should myself, I am Fritz vou Hartmann, at stray away from their homes while your service.”	their mothers are engaged in domes-
“That you certainly are not I” ex- | tie duties.
Maimed the body of Von Hartmann.
"You might very well be his father, i -	¦ -	- ¦	m n
Bat, halloo, sir! are you aware that	(a	[>	&	If | ff ** All A
you are wearing my studs and my :	fl /j	g à I (Hr, NmEUljCvs*)
watch-chain f”	^	W	I	"	Gold lined Ceeee.
'Donnerwetter 1” hiccoughed the	¦¦ MR	^	I A WASH YOUR EYEGLASSES According to the United States con-
£rr.,pThat Are Deranged ?	¦«.....
¦»	fir”».	------------------ °	-* “v «"¦•< wu.h,..,„.,„5
whelmed by the many strange things If so urlo sold poison Is In your system and your sufferings will be great until you I lben as e are* 8nys a well”known In the valley mar the city. The In which had occurred to him that day,	set the kidneys right» Dr. Chases Kidney-Liver Pills make the kidneys I	°*Jlit ian*	11 is	8frnnge	bow many	habitants	of	the	neighborhood	keep
passed hie hand over his forehead and	healthy and cure all urlo sold troubles.	j	PeoPIe	there are	who	think	that their	large	flocks	of geese	to	work	the	gold-
cast his eyes downward, he chanced	__________________ glasses only need an occasional wip- fields for them. When the geese are
a pool which the rain had left upon The most painful, the most fatal and poisoned blood may cause the cure can	Now, the fact) is, glasses require ÎmMhelrYm\J ^ " u tlloy nre
the road. To his utter astonishment J consequently the most dreaded diseases of only be brought about by setting the kid- scwial bathe as frequently as does	a XH ?’biptled of the gold
neys right.	th$ ordinary person. The process is co,Jtflllh‘d then In. A flock of geeie le
sence of uric acid in the blood.	The experience oi tens of thousands of a8 simple as you w ant to make it Mv eomet,,ue8 wortb a good deal of mon*
Uric acid is the name given to the foul, men and women in Canada and the United ,	.	'	" y *?y. but geese dressed ready for eating
poisonous impurities which are left in the States points to Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver pian’ ”owever« 18 1(1 take ’he glasses Qre very c||eap Indited—from 15 to 20 blood when the kidneys are deranged and Pills as the most effective means of setting |	8 wash bowl and give them a good cents each.
TAGS ON CHILDREN
Improving Each Shining Hoar.
“That little boy seems as busy as •
bee.”
The children of the poor in Japan
“Yes; he has hives.”—Philadelphia Bulletin.
by an Aldershot jeweller that Î might now and then light a weary soldier on his way.
A FRENCH CANADIAN.
me
The cigarette, however, was not long sought for in vain; and n word of Christian greeting was made none the less welcome hy the gift. Lying by this man's side was a wounded French-Ganadian, who could scarcely speak In English, hut had come from far to defend the Empire that claimed him als^ as a loyal son ; and yet another sufferer told me that he had como from Vancouver, a distance of eleven thousand miles, to risk, or if need be, to lay down his life for her who is his Queen an well as ours. As, in the of the Motherland, I thanked
he perceived that his face was that of the human body are caused by the pre a youth, that bis dress was that of a sence of uric acid in the blood fashionable young student, and that Lit every way he was the antithesis of the grave and scholarly figure in I
which his mind was wont to dwell. In | unable to perform their duty of filtering the kidneys right. No other kidney medv I soaking in warm' water. Then apply
rotiuce so much irrefutable I 8,,al> freely and	olf by the
of a soft tooth or nail brush
name
these men for thus rallying aroun our common flag in the hour of peril, and tenderly urged them to be as loyal to the Christ as to their Queen, the meaning look nnd hearty handgrip spoke more eloquently to me than words. In almost every case the heart was there. Of these Canadians—the first contingent—our generals speak in terms of highest hut already some twenty hive
an instant his active brain ran over the blood.	\	, cine can produce so much irrefutable
the series of events which had occur- I So long as the kidneys are in perfect evidence of its wonder lui curative virtue. I °r a 80,1 toolh or nail brush. After,	iNivni#\r rinxi	„
red, aud sprung to the conclusion. He	health the uric acid	is passed out	of the	No other kidney medicine has	received	that, give them, a polish with any of	1IN m J AJIUN WANTED,
fairhr reeled under the blow.	body by way of the bladder and ths blood	such hearty endorsation from physicians,	the usual tooth powders, and	then	She—l know, Alfred, 1 have
Himmell” he cried, I see it all. | is kept pure and clean.	Nor is this to be wondered at when it i# clean them, with tissue paper, which faults.
TlOur souls are in the wrung bodies. 1	When there are	severe body	pains,	remembered that Dr. Chase is	a prince	18 much better far the purpose	than	He—Oh, certainly,
am you and you are I. My theory is j headache, bachache	or weakness	in the	among physicians.	chamois skin or anything else	that	She angrily—Indeed ? Perhaps, you
proved—but at what an expense ! Is back? when the akin becomes yellow, dry Nature has only provided one means of I know of.	| 'll tell me what they are f
?	he moyt scholarly mind in Europe to	and hard, when the urine contains de-	keeping the blood free from uric acid "The	ordinary, cleansing is	all
go nbout with t his frivolous exterior ?	posits, is thick, or irregular? when there is	poisons—the kidneys. Nature's most cfTec-	right as far as it goes but it is not
Oh, the labors of a	lifetime are ruin-	stomach trouble and pains about the heart?	live invigorator# of the kidneys are con-	sufficient.	Many persons have done I Novelist—Thus»	i	,
eel ’ and he smote	his breast in his	when you (eel weak, dizzy and become	tained in Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pills,	great injury	to their eyes by negleot. slated	my	now	now! nmst	„nm.ir!Y
IdeepeT.	languid and despondent; you can put the Purely vegetable in composition, scienti- intf 1° properly clean their glasses. ftHly.	r
I eay,” remarked the real Von	cause down to uric acid in the blood i fieally prepared from the great formula of	I have	had'a number of patients	come
Hartmann from the body of the pro-	resulting from deranged kidneys.	Dr. A. W. Chase, thoroughly tested in	1° me	with complaints about	what
feasor, 1 quite see	the loroe of your	The nature of your ailment will be de-	thousands of severe cases, wondcrlully	they called	gradual diminution of
remarks ; but don t	go knocking my	cided by your constitution. The poison	efficient in «*1 diseases caused by uric acid I 1 heir sight.	An examination reveal-
body about like that. You received	left in the blood will find lodgment in the	in the blood. Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver
It in excellent condition, but I per-	weakest part and set up some dreadful	Pills stand alone as the world's greatest	I that they could see at all. for their I Mies Gushington—Oh uma	do you
ced e that you have wet and bruised it. ' diseases It may be Bright's disease,	kidney medicine. They prevent and cure	glasses were blurred over and had	remember the meaning of different
•	rid spilled snuff over my ruffled j diabetes or dropsy. It may be the twang-i disease by ridding poisonous impurities been fearfully neglected. A little | names f Now, William means good I
•hirt-front	ing pains of rheumatism. It may be	from the blood. One pill a dose. 25c a	soap and water, to which a few drops	wonder what Arthur meunaf	*
"It matter* little,'' "he other said,	chronic stomach troubles or bladder ail-	box, at all dealers, or Edmaoson, Bale# &	of ammonia were added, did the busi-	Pupa, severely—I hope	Arthur
moodily. "ttuch as we are so must I menu. Whatever the form of disease this Co., Toronto.	I Bess.”	| mean# business, Matilda.
any responwve
my
praise
been killed and nearly seventy severely wounded to-day her heroic dead am we mourn ours. They sleep »!de by side beneath these burning sands; but thus are forged the more than golden chains which bind the hearts of a widely-sundered race to the common throne around which we all are rallying.
The Dominion mourns
GOT EVEN WITH THEM
Friend—Well
you have your re venge They had to read the book.
WHAT ARTHUR MEANT
SOMETHING NEW.
A new mode of ornamenting the
hair la that of placing a large bunch of flower#, high upon this right side, while a small bunch of the same how-era rests almost on the brow at the
ed the fact that it was wonderful
left
<
-. y
.j
?



>
^ r


###PAGE###7###
—
in buying tea consists in buying tfhe best—
vegetables.
one farmer in a thousand, perhaps not one in ten thousand, who can au y that he ia growing the beat and moat profitable variety, or that he ia using the nr>t means to keep up the fertility of bis land; and in the majority of cases no one can give him accurate information upon these points, for there is an individuality about the farm-
Probably there Is not
m	want of sleep, haggard with anxiety.
HP®	WÊII	rïlTl H	?he took the great basket	of roses her
fllll	L	I I Ia	friend had brought, and	holding it,
V	B5r8	ST	El	1 1 /	tobl him how the night	had passed.
Rfi QSljl ¦	8	They were singing like mad down
|	r	_____ hy the station,'’ he said.	"Confound
S	5 E 3^UEBIQ 5	I he brutes I 1 expect your	nightingale
¦	1	FIT CURE '""'I coining thia year.”
uj	Will aere ialleaay, fils,	Don't," said the girl. "I believe
Daeeean/Falflng Sick- Vynie will have no rest if he doesn't.
ÆS53	"I'Tin: «
clergyman and tell him to explain to Hod that sh<* couldn’t do without the
nightingale. Oh, my own little girl I night—every night since Vynie’a been Oh, Tom, she's all I have.”	111. Say It wasn't my doing."
Totn was not such a fool as to say, " It was for Vynie," lie said. "I was " You have me." " He only said, " Yea, the nightingale, dear. Don't you re-I know," and pressed her hand.	member how 1 used to call the robins
"You are good," she said and went for you In the winter? It was a silly back to the child.	little thing, hut il was mil I could do
A little fitful sleep came in the long for the dear. And it did do her good, night hours of that terrible Sunday, You said so."
but it was broken and feverish, and He turned aside his head, exhaust-at every awakening the little voice, ed.
growing ever weaker, said:	She sprang up. " Dear Tom—my own
"Isn't It dark y,tf Won't Oodsond <l*ar Torn! You're not going to die. I the nightingale f Oh, Sissy, Ido want "hall send nurse to take care of you. to hear him”	Now promise me, at once, that you will
The old servant who had been with K"t well, because Vynie and I cannot I he two sieiers since Vyriie'e birth, two j poselbly live without you. My dear,
, ^.,,,1%^%^^
bright promise of laburnum. The red Vynie's side.	__ m	<r uyer*#
buds on the May bushes hud not yet <# " Nursey," whispered the child, ---------------——	As a rule it is beat to feed sunflower
unt ried. The water cart bad Just	come close.	Will you do	what I \	seeds sparingly	to hens in good con-
gone by, leaving a pleasant scent of	...	,	,	I	HUNTS rUI<	dition.
ss as-	I ™EFARMERJ
"So it's no use ?" he said—he also Well, kneel down ana tell God I	profitable nor good looking,
was leaning on the gate. The road "hall die If I_ don't have the night In-	PLOWING FOR CORN.	Cultivate the soil for chicken food aa
t?aâdel^n^hL clrtS1 now'and'ttn y'-u"' «iways‘ re»émher°tHay^your	Both	deep and shallow plowing for	systematically as to, corn	and wheat
flaXd along Us silence. He had call- I Payers. I forget mine sometimes,	corn	havethe.r ardent advocates,	and you will realize larger	profita and
ed to bring her a book, and she had j «van when lam not very sleepy Oh, Where the land is covered with barn-	surer income.
walked with him to the gate. He had | nur.<«*y I ”b 1,1 n®ver ho 8,ef.“py any yard manure the plowing should be at	The amount	of	farm	produce	that 'pretty
“	E-ErEHH^ SEES™!
hr away.	iJ "n m 8,flep‘08fine89	I to the usual depth it will srtak into the females may be weak. Remem" No; it's no use,” she said. I could j Open the window, nursey, y the gutisoil, and being deeper than	her, he’s half the	flock, when	it	comes
not marry anyone unless 1 was so fond near, she said softly, when the nigni mo#t plants seek their food, is almost	to progeny.
of him that I couldn’t bear my life hud almost fallen. "1 think 1 hear	a8 fur as immediate returns are If your market demands a brown	_
without him That's the only excuse ( some thing.'	¦ concerned. Only deeper plowing egg, keep the kind of hens that lay O’KEEFE’S %‘Sr MALT
for marriage.”	!	,jhLe	VÙ . "HT make thia looked-up fertility brown eggs. This ia gumption. It la
"Then I'm not to come here any ynu* held her breath and listent* » aVuilabie for plant food.	useless to argue with customers, or to
more—I suppose I"	« silence that after a moment was	with	a stiff sod the conditions are	try to teach them what they should
"Oh, dear I ' she said, drawing her broken by two or three mellow note .	ajm(Wt	the same as when manure is	prefer,
eyebrows together with a worried	Jt is— h, it is Nursey—nursey	applied to the surface and plowed
frown, "why did you go and spoil it	the nightingale, right en ugn, under Corn is not a deep feeder and
•II? It was all so pleasant I Can't my pet 1 sui t the old woman, ns l ow a fevv inches below the tup you will you be really sensible? Let us go on ,.,pl>t ,n,° J*16 room like a ghost in fjncj a perfect network of fibrous Just ms we were, and pretend that '?hl!.e dressing govyn'T* •	* • . roots. In an extremely dry season
nothing has happened."	-	, •	n,y own! It is h deep plowing for corn is of great ad" No," he said. "I shall go away	* not forgotten ms. Hes going	vantage and extra large crops are
When one lives in lodgings they rosy ,Pt me g? to sleep, and l shall hea 0ften grown from this practice. How-ms well be in Putney or Kew—as ',|n nightingale even when 1m asleep. ever jn motit sections the conditions here "	Listen.	are not favorable more than one year
She thought how dull tennis and Again the full note» pierced the sort in 4 for deep plowing. Shallow plow-dance and picnic would be without darkness.	» , ! ing will guard against the loss of fer-
him, and said stiffly: "Just as vou . T ,n,?8mp.B night when the nig - tility, as the growing crop in no one pi mm, of couree.”	neal« d" ^ 8ln8 Vyme did not m, es geaaon uti|izeg u aU_
“ -—- -
rnw i!!i^ynie”*v • »	. .	1 "You’d best go round,” said the old j no better way to do this than to place
triA #iid vMW her 8l"tler .antH he.^ woman when she came hack from her them between two layers of flannel,
’for , ,waa. a.. fr.lend °,.a , mission; he’s more than ill. Pneumo- which place in a plate, moisten with
ll hl^ 3'ruck f.he k,x>P1 80 .h^ nia or something, aind he keeps ask- water and cover with another plate,
It t. *unded on the curb and flew into ^ fr||r yQU Go you . pn atay with the then set in a warm place where it
the middle of the road. The little chjl(, ge«H got n0 one with him but will not freeze nights, and keep the
WÊÈËÊ. IKH	ipH
again, but now there was no fresh	GONE ITS HARDSHIPS.	would not care to use any that did
rose in her face, and in his eyes no	_	not test up to that. Of course the
mm §s
this morning and let me help my poor •bmimes.	weeks
little Vynie.”	While life as a farmer is one of con- ate better in the soil than under this
"I will—you shall," she said, look- eiderable independence, it is very far test, and the same may be true of Ing at him through swollen eyelids red frt>ni being one of ease. The very beets, with weeping. ” but there is nothing nature of the calling is one that ex-»ny one can do. It ia horrible. When I poses its followers to all sorts of told her she would have to lie still for weather, and it is perhaps not suri time she tried to smile, and then she prising that so many farmers suffer said, "Don't cry, Sissy. I will be as from chronic ailments. Mr. Thos. Me. good as gold ;’ and then she said she Adam, of Donugh, P.E.I., is a fair should sleep all day and lie awake at |example of this class. Mr. McAdam ...
night and hear the nightingale, himself says;—"I was always looked hel ,nitf - uld water. Churn to granu-flhe has never heard it yet."	upon as one having a rugged constitu- les, handle as directed, and you can
He remembered how he had listened tion: but tho hard work, coupled with make butter that will command the to the nightingale in the copse be- the exposure incident to life on a farm, top of the market, bind her house on many a summer ultimately proved too much for me.	Do not make the mistake of feeding
night when he had walked lonely in About eighteen months ago I was at-	calves too much carbonaceous food, as i	pdris has	given up	waving the hair
the fields to see her light in the win- tacked with pains in the small of the it will tend to fasten them while inter-! jD front. It is worn very far forward dow and her shadow on the blind, and back and thighs. At first they were feriug with growth. A nitrogenous an(j dragged to one side to shade the he sighed and maid:	of an intermittent nature, and while diet, judiciously tempered with car- face. Some women affect that child's !
"The nightingales are singing brave- (bey were extremely painful, would bonaceous food like rowen hay, with fa9hion of tying a smaller ribbon bow |
|y in the wood beyond the station. I’m pass away after a day or two, and the addition of oil cake, is admirable, glad she thought of something that might not bother me again for weeks especially if roots are given at inter-pleases her, poor darling I"	As the attacks, after each interval, vais through the winter.
Vynie, lying still and rigid in her grew more and more severe, I became There s evidently a strong prejudice splints, with wide open ejes, watched alarmed and consulted a doctor who on the part of the farm dairy woman the day die. Then the lamp wa» light- eaid the trouble was lumbago. His against what is called creamery bu.t-
e-d and presently that, in its turn, gave (reatmont would give temporary re- 1er. Why? It outsells her product. If ; corns. The vegetable, animal place to the. yellow glow of the night bef but nothing more, and ultimately this is true why not study up and mineral kingdoms have been fanlight, and the great shadows it cast.	f was almost a cripple. To walk,	or	learn what	the creamery process is	sacke 1 f	r	< ares.	I	is a »	ü:plî	mat	er
"Are you asleep, Sissy, my own?"	eVen to move about in a	chair,	or	and see if	that process cannot be	to	remove	corns	without	pain,	for	if
said the little voice.	turn in bed caused intense agony, adopted in dairy practice.	you' will go to any druggist or medi-
" No," my darling.” Rose bent over aD(j ;n going about 1 had to depend	The Pennsylvania agricultural col-	cine dealer	and buy	a bottle of	Put-
the bed ."Does it want anything f Will upull a 0iine. [/ ; attempted toitoopllege has been working on the line of	dim's Painless Corn	Extractor	and
It have some milk—nice fizzy milk?' or p^k anything up the pain would making small cheese to meet the exi- apply it as directed the thing is d«xne.
" No—yes ; but 1 want to her the be almost unbearable. This condition gency of these conditions. They have Get "Putnam’s,” and no other, nightingale, Sissy Why doesn’t he of affaira bad its effect upon my been making a cheese of about seven begin? Isn’t	It	late	enough?"	whole system and	for a man in the	pounds weight. This makes u cheese
"Yes,	my	eweefneart.	but	perhaps jme of li(6i my	condition was de-	of good size for handling and for fam-
the nightingale’s got such a pretty lorablo# [ think I had tried at least »y use. Professor Hayward says there home, in the warm country where he	£alf ft dozen remedies	before	1	ktt8 tbeec a	?ady sale for all that
lives that be can't make up his mind	(ound rclief and a cure	and this	has been made In that vicinity, and
Zag&wsg	Ss t-sa*5^
T.. =«
h,V ..ed he "ould no. know I'L got although month, h.rè now passed I that it deleg.tM .amebod, .1.. to do
Rul Vy.UrouM^.MP. andgb, ^M^wWd.^Æ&.	rfaSjTS
able money as well."	that he shootd go late expenaire dlf-
doingf Oh, Tom. It	lan’t my Usait, Is	floult experiments, but Into ordinary
It Tom T t didn't drift you Into folly*	eiperimentation to test the raine of
That woman soya you're been out all different varieties of grain, fruit and
Wisdom
tyjapan tea drinkers !

A

Lead Packages
OïïYLON TEJA.
CEYLON (1REEN TEA Is more healthful than Japan tea.
NEGLECTING THE ORCHARD.
The advice to continue apple-tree
planting is sound enough, with this proviso added—l hut no one should atteinte it who is not firmly resolved to give bin trees and the land they grow on all needful attention. It may safely he reckoned that not more than one- I 4 third of the owners of apple orchards J look after them as they should and r that comparatively few worthless or. f chards are cleared off annually; so $ that if more are planted and receive j) no greater care than the present generation is giving, the markets will be. come inure and more flooded with inferior fruit, which depreciates prives.
Is usually a good guide 11 A# selection of colors, and a good color chart will assist you to select the exact •hade you want But a woman wants a good paint as well, one that d not peel, crack or blister.
mentioning this paper.
A44ft»sThe LIEBIG CO.
¦	IÎS Kins St.W.,
feront#.
A WOMAN’S JUDGMENT
Ramsay’s
Paints,

»
are made for beauty and durability, to look well and wear well, a little prettier than the prettiest and just a shade better than the best. They beautify and preserve everything they touch.
Ask your dealer.
/
É
*

V
:
\
v
4
Mvt'v #41
!
%
:
MONTREAL.
#
Catholic Prayer
K-il gloue Piciurw, Statuary, and CL arch Ornaments* BditoaUonal Works. Mail orders rmoelre prompt at'sa.
D. A J. SABLIER A CO., Montreal.
TUB DIPLOMAT.
Mrs. Nuwed—My husband has talked me out of having a new epring bonnet.
Miss Gabby—How did be do it!
Mrs. Nuwed—He says my hair in so be bates to see it hidden by a
tlun
FOR SALE I
Black M noreiw and While Plymouth Rock», high c.au «took. $1 a setting.
JOHN MoDOUGALL, Boi 162, Ootllogwood. Ool.
KOOS TO HATCH
POULTRY, BUTTER, ECCS, APPLES,
au'l other PRODUCE, to maure beet result* ootslgo t#
The Dawson Commission Co., Limited,
Oor. West-Market A Oolborne St., Toronto,
Dyeing ! Cleaning 1
for the very Lest «end your work t » the
I 9
When all other corn preparations fail, try Holloway's Corn Cure No pain whatever, and no inconvenience in using it.
“BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING 00.”
Look for »gfoi in your town, or send direst.
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec
rao s.
Try one, your money refunded If not *atljfe<:ton Di
lUmpe- 6 ° YOUNG, 1 Adelaide
LLO VU wfôaTurontolo Sfi BR A L AO S N T
MAKING INTRENCIIMENTS.
In making intrenchmenta the pick must be used front and rear, and never across the trench, nor can men safely work closer together at such operation than four feet.
NELSON NEWS.
ROOFING and Sheet Metal fforke.
BBÊ1ÉÉ1
LIVE ONTARIO VILLAGE' WHERE DODD'S KIDNEY PILLS ARE
VALUED.
TO Cl RE A CO ID IW ONK DAY
Take laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drugg-eie refund the money if It falls to cure. 25c. it'. W. Qrove's nig mature Is on each box
FURS. FURS.
lira R. Flliilmmnne About Again—Thanks Delhi's Kidney Pills for II-Feed About Two Boxes itnd Health now Perfect.
Importer and exporter of Raw Furs and Skins. Consignments solicited. Highest prices paid for giusing.
H. JOHNSON,
404 St. Paul street, Montreal1
IN THE MENAGERIE
The Elephant — Professional life would not he so bad if It were not for the long jumps
The Kangaroo—Oh, I don’t mind them.
Nelboii, Ont., May 14.—Friends of Mrs. R. Fitzsimmons of this place , will be pleased to learn that she is about again. As is well known in this district, Mrs. Fitzsimmons has been more or less of an invalid tor the
greater part of the last twelve months. The readers of this paper will be pleased to She is now, however, in robust health leirn i hat there l* at lea-u. one dreaded diteue
remember, was not at first aware of the medical fraternity. Catarrh being a eon» the cause of her ailment. Kidney Dis- tltutloaal^ dl#e&#e.	'Jtatiio®^
ease attacks its victims in so many
TESTING SEEDS.
The farmer or gardener should test
Michigan Land for Sale.
KjCNAO
Title
*100 Reward, $103.
to see how large a proportion of them will germinate. We know of
O 000 MUSS 000D FARMING LA
Ioeoo, Ogemaw ae<l Oawferi C fact On Michigan Central, Detroit â Machina» and Loen Lake Railraade, at price# tanging from #2 to ## per acre. Tbaae Lande are Close to Enterprising New fowus, Chum bee, Schools, etc., and will be said oo est reasonable terms. Apply So
R M. PIERCE, Ageat, West Bay Cits, Huh.
3r J.W. CURTIS. Whlttemure. Mich.
NOS-A
mo lies
treatment.. Hall’s Catarrh Care is tak n Inter.	,	natly, acting directly upon the blood and
tor ms and so gradually I hat its pres- mucous surfaces of the system, thereby dee»
the foundation of the disease, and
<mnt PKinmEivr
Loan and Saving» Company.
(M t'oit rod at id 1865.
The Oldest and Largest Canadian Mort*
gage Corporation.
Paid-up Capital, Reserve Fund
$2,600,000
75c
are the heel
1,200,00#
Mead OfTloe -Teronto St., Toronto. Branch Offices—Winnipeg, Man., Vancouver, 0.0
DISTRESSING MISTAKES
A man can’t be too careful whom
DEPOSIT* RECEIVED. Interest Allowed
DEBENTURES ISSUED for 1. 2. 0. 4 or I years, with Interest < eu pone etterhed.
MONEY LENT on security of real Government and Municipal Boude, eto.
mean ?
Why, every once in awhile I've snub-dreaming, of course, that Kidney Dis- bed same plain people who afterward ease was the cause of her trouble, j came into a lot of money.
When the truth did occur to her, she at unce had recourse to Dodd’s Kidney Pills. The result Is she is now in perfect health.
fit
•elate mortgage*
For further particulars apply to
J. MERBbRT MA50N,
Managing Director, Toronto
MONTREAL HOTEL OIREOTORY
Lettuce
Am. Plan $1 60S up
The “ Balmoral," Free Bus
Auer Vapor Lamp
Carrots are said to germin-
luropean Plan. Roomi f from |1 a day up Opp
G T. K. Station. Montreal. Goo. Tarslake A Co., Prop s.
r.,ra|^Hou.7iî.tii'«T» Over 60 Candle power of light for
20 Hours at a oost of .06.
Hotel Carslake
London tramways, omnibuses and underground railways carry yearly
m
passengers.
AVENUE HOUSE
1 Promotion of General Happiness '
Is secured by Nervlline—the great nerve-pain cure. The highly penetrating properties of Nervlline make it never failing in all cases of rheumatism, neuralgia, cramps, pains m the back and side, lumbago, &c. heartily commend it.
8T. JAMES' HOTEL..%Tbl:^Il%
Railway. Firmt^laem Commercial House. Modern in provemente—Rates moderate.
DAIRY GRANULES
Throw away the shallow pan setting of the millf, for this is the abomination of all the evils
Gives a better and more economical light than electricity or oil. All country houses, hotels, summer resorts and camping parties should have them.
W. P. c. 10*24.
Take the deep
We
CALVERT'S
Carbolic Disinfectants. Soaps, Olnt
ment, Tooth Powders, eto here been
ABOUT THE HAIR
awarded 100 medals and diplomas for superior excellence. Thrfr regular use prevent infect! one diseases. Ask your dealer to obtain i supply. Lists mailed free on application.
F. C. CALVERT A CO..
MANTEL#,
CHIMNEY SHADES, CAS FIXTURE#
always in stock.
MA
ENGLAND
at the left side of the front hair
Brass Band

TO CURE A CORN
There is no lack of so-called cures for the common ailment know A as ;
and
I
The Toronto Ml Auer Light Co,
Instrumente, Drums, Uniform », Etc.
Every Town can have a Bard
Lowest prices ever Quoted. Fine catalogue 500 illi.r -»tlorn mailed free. Write urn for anything in
Must# or Musical Instrument#.
Toronto, Ont, end Winnipeg, Man
Mills. Mills A Heist
wasrtwaGtf i *»»««•.
mond 8t,W..To rests.
ioi Yonge St.,
Toronto.
Whaley Royce A Co.,
C. 1 Harp $6.00
P O B rare, Toronto
LAW
IN.
MEN AS HAIR GROWERS
The Canadian Heine Safety
BOILER
Wood & Photo Engraving, J L lONLS FN(. (<?
6 8 10 ADlUmi >?W IORON 10/
The longest recorded hair growing on a female head was eight feet. The longest recorded beard was twelve
tot.


it i

s
Esplanade,
Opp. Sherbourne St.,
Toronto
ow
m
High Class Water Tube Steam ¦oilers, for All Pressures, Duties end Fuel.
SBNU FOB DESCRIPTIVE CAT .LOOUB.
iwnwiiK^EiSiir
ü&&
} dumyi dufù^trm/ âaiAs
4Àju Sdh, cf'ry, A/f*
9 9
44
morning M—	_	¦¦
titlked and moaned and laughed, but always her cry warn for the nightingale.
"Mister Tom, miss, to inquire ” Boss went down trembling with
The
i
###PAGE###8###
r

10,000 People
Summer !
OUR ITS
ARE KNOWN BY THEIR FIT AND FINISH--------
Are to-day thinking of getting a new pair of shoes. There is no reason why they should not get them from us.
sJO o o o o o o
Our aim is to furnish customers with the best of everything in Tweeds and Linings. Our standard is quality, that being in our opinion the most eloquent salesman. Prices are always satisfactory.
Khaki,” (what the gentlemen ordered South wear) we have it. Call and see it.
Hundreds
Men’s Straw Hats

Are to-day wearing our Shoes, but we are out for the thousands, and we want to win on the merits of our goods and value.
Linen Hats
Summer U nder wear
Sweaters
t
*
3
»
:
9
i 6
Will be taken in exchange for Boots and Shoes at the

SHAWVILLE BOOT & SHOE STORE,


Fancy Shirts Ties.
Buggy Rugs & Whips.
ALF. R. McGUIRE,
T
OPPOSITE 1‘ONTIAV HOUSE
*
M. G. STEWART.
Advertise in The Equity, j rp g
NOXON


a
OTTM* GATINEAU RÏ
\
Victoria
Lord Robert’s Report
trj

London, May 20, 3 p. m.—The War Office ban received the following despatch from L trd Roberta :	,#
11 Wulvehoek, (Orange Free State). * May 23.—An advanced portion of thie j force crossed the Vaal liver on the Q it en b Biithday, near Paty'r. LI am il-ton’s column is at Roach bank. Out scout* are now at Vilj »en s drift, (on tin frontier north of W lvehoek). The h-cal | mines are uninjured and wurk is going on I as usual. There is no enemy this side of ! I the river.
Fall and winter Tsme Me

BINDER
Taking effect Oct. U>, 1899.
v:o pm.
9.20 a.in. |
REMEMBER
!
5 IT.. 5A K*f. A NI> It I T. CUT
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa.
no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa
Nos. l and J, daily except Sunday.
For tickets and further Information apply to E. O. Arno di. Ticket Agent. !U Spark tit., or 31 Central Chamtars, Ottawa.
1*. W. RfiStiEM AN, Uen’l Sup't.

il
Highest Drive Wheel Made. Bra^ • Boxes.
Seventh Roller for Elevator.
Ml fhv latest anti heat in-|iro\ vments
We still have Tea at 17 Cents and Ladies, Shoes at $1.00.
limiter reached Yryburg May 24
«
Boers Fortifying
Secure your
?
The Times has the foT )wmg from New i'* ie, dated Thursday
are fortifying a very large semi-circle position extending from Majuba to Ron wan. Large numbers are busy entrenching, and six guns are visible."
Maj -Gen. Powell will Fight.
BINDER TWINE
t
Official Time Table :
The Doers
¦

?
l

A.M
PM
from us.
Arrive 9 4
5.15 Leave
Aylmer tB rev ken ridge VEardley Parker's Crossing t*.Mohrs tluyon Wyman's 'Tana Bristol McKee’s Shaw ville Ciarli’s
Campbell's Bay tTank t'Vinton Coulouge ’.Mellon's Waltham
?
9.21
6 OU
Lowest Prices to Cash Customers.
y

6.12

R>
6. IS
6.26
«•
»
I
6.17
<i
s l
y a.*
8 A4
8.l»8 8 02
6.47

6.56
XI j. Gen. Raden Powell declines to act »n the suggestion of hie friends that : ;f- he should return to E«gland for rest. He | THE “ is determined to retain his active com 7.h mand at the front
E. HODCINS & SON.
6.58
66
7.04
7.26
mw
tUhlfw
7.4
7.18
«.ini
Oxford Clipper,
FRONT AND REAR OOF
^MOWERS#
8.03
7.(8
8.12
6 4
Advices from Mafeking, dated May I 20th, say :—*• The Doers are entrenching at Putfontein, ten miles east of Mate king. The Northern railway is now repaît ed to a p i(it within four miles of the town. Ample supplies of plant food are coming in.”
“ Colonel Duden Powell voluntarily gave up 53 Doers and 13 wounded to the Doer commandant, who thanked him foi his kindness.

X
*.:w
66
i
3.47
I

Leave
•Hag Station. tTank. rFlag Station
8.5» Arrive
It’s a Decided Fact
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway t Aylmer.
<
ALL SIZES
P. XV RESSEMAN.
G EN ERA L SV PERI NTENDENT
That our new Mill is giving the public entire satisfaction.
With Roller and Ball Bearings. Serrate 1 Ledger Plûtes if desired
Xsk onr agent to <how you the new
Ball Bearing Knife
______________________________________________| Clip. I
The Queen's birthday was made an <>:• I o O O O O •asion for prolonging the Mafeking cale* ...	.
b ration*. Major-General Baden Powell, c '!u bijinufactuie Mo best and most complete line of Cultivating and naturally enough, is t hero of the hour.	lrnplemeiits i Earth, compmin Spring Tc h Cultivators,
Ar,°	lb'	All Ming ofPoa-
when the name of the commander of ti e lfnchon Hnd ratchet dump) eto., etc.	I ,lc arv l,M,1K vul * ,our- T,ie farmers get same quality in exchange
relieving column was undisclosed. Col. .	^ >.Vn (-ee^ anything izi our line send for our 1900 Illustrated (
Mahon is said to be Gen. Lord Kitchen- Ifrev > * 011 wiH find il ver>’ much to your interest to do -o.
ers favorite officer and the sirdar is reported to have telegraphed to him tc come from South of Khartoum to South
Africa. To obey this mandate, it is add-,. .	,	.	.
ed,	Mahon drove to	death no	fewer than	being brought	into. Mafeking.	He says	point every	available man and	gun hav
m	IÎ Ilk	4 Vf	Local-st'ps at all n-	| dve	camels while	crossing	the desert.	L,6 ^nadiin	srti.lory j-’.ned	( oIulo!	been sent^
îrJîriS^i«««»rmUt,t*"o,d°,»'ry fa'ni,y ‘ rer w incre rap:d .s—k.».	27-o**., u«ai,
. ’Sr1 'h*	,on*,be ,lew ,olicitor 6ene,sl- e“ 1 “ 111™"» f«»bdb.e,r« a1'18 tie wcnMhere Wil^ Middle,Îiîd
Mikntreai lMoa m. ^iimauparlor car^attach«L	I	More Peace Talk.	on telegraph duly, ft was not known under Major Dalbiac, has occupied Sene-
0	O***®	V* Al *	intermediate stations.	-- hat our troops had been temporarily	T* ’ ^--^uce	the l oers were driven by a
Arrives Montreal li.65a. m.	Pullman parlor oar at-1 SAID	BURGHERS may	FORCE GOVERNMENT	withdrawn ”	idW shells.	A held cornet and	a î umbel
,l hed.	I	I	,,f other Boers wire kil’v I.
casualties numbered eleven The Boers are otite fed to bo (rating near Bethlehem.
CANADA ATLANTIC
About Col. Mahon

Quality of Wheat Up-to-date Machinery Competent Millers
O O
TIME CARD
IN EFFECT FEB. 26,1900.
EASTERN DIVISION.
f
1
For sale at all times : FLOUR, FEED & MEALS.
Ualogue, («ont
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
THE NOXON CO., Limited, Ingersoll, Ontario. Hkuiest Market Price i-aid in Cash for Wheat
LIMITED TRAINS 212 HOURS. Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:-
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
Furniture !
a 8.45 A.M
The British
Furniture I
TO SURRENDER
Limited-Stops Alexsn-	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
• Una and Poteau Jet.	-	London, May 28—3 20 a. m.—When
ÙTJtTÆ London, May 25 -The Da,), M„1 Lord Hubert, w,o e hi, tint de,patch on Portland, Halifax and all points vast of Montreal, continues to furnish what purports to be Iransvsal territory yesterday snortly be
Wagner sieeplsgcar. Ottawa to New York.	tsserts that there is a strong movement Pretoria. Hie immensely superior forces
• ateTtatfone? ArrivS"%^ of citizens towards surrender.	The gov	had Pi88ed	the Vaal river, their	last! The F.tzroy curespondent of the Am-	m ¦ , , ,, „ .	.
treat9.45 p. m. Connects at Coteau J«*t. for Corn- eminent is cognizint of the movement, ^reat natural obstruction at three points. Pr,ur ^ ironic.e rtfeis to the passing away	UUvIOrvJlO JN 6W * Ù1Z1FS I
Chicag0-etc-	Hâ8PullmaD though it does not authorize it. Dele- rhe Vaal furni8 a curve of eighty miles Iuf oa« *1 the luudmarks of that section n	. .	r _	,	_	_
T,«.,.„L„.;oiu..c....................	0ur	*P""* Ne	of Furniture	IS	out of sight	I
WïfSmeriSSŒ	W«,ld l.ke to see it ? If» drop „ and inspect stock.
brought to bear upon it.	position to strike any	the crescent th® age of	he
Limited - ft™ Th« Daily Mail'. Lorenzo Marque, cor | hy »norter line, than thoee by which the WM born in county Tipperary, Ireland, in ' ÂlcunSrii	re,pondent eay, the Transvaal govern-	Boera could	reinforce the lengthened!1813. and emigrated	to tliie cuumry
^	__ ^ ®®S^B	___ I_____ ment hae iaeued a manifesto asking the point,.	-when only 22 year, of age. Coming to
a <>.30 P.M. kit™!« rSî! m*°8toS] burgher, their view, ot the adviaability of The Boer, retreated a I moat without a "flown in 18J6. then remaining there
at Alexandria only.	Ha* Pullman parlor car.	seeking peace or continue the war.	The	8"^w of defence. Gen. French and Gen.	I tree years, he was engaged by
<1	If; P	\f Psilv-Local-from inu-r. all-night sittings at the Presidency	con-	Hamilton apparently did not 6re a shot,	i earned Gaush to manufacture 1,000 chair»
ii‘g',2 Toronto mid ,e,L h'« iïïhau tinue.	I>f Lord Roberta' immediate force eleven the deceased being a ehair-msker by trade.
pvlo cai.	It j8 believed that strong efforts are be- mcn belonged to the 8th mounted infant- ,n March of 18d/ ho came to this village
Middle	&	Western Divisions	,n8 made in favor of immediate surren-1	T* were ?be brat to ford the river. They	after lie had completed his contract he re
u c	a	W told il UlVlblUllb.	je*	I	came upon a Boer patrol looting at Vil-	turned again to Bytown and volunteered
To AM) FROM THE WEST.	A despatch to the Times from Lorenzo i'*" ' Drift, and a skirmish lasting ten at the time of the rebellion, but under
Trains leave ( tlZcZ,	Marques, dated Wednesday, eaya that minutes followed Two hundred Boers whose command the writer is unable to
O	1	-	4	For Arrmrior Rpnfr,w	according to a private letter	that was I	lned fe*bly to hold the X ereeniging	col- state, lie returned the	next spring to
<S#	I	•>	Lganviiiv kmilroke. B-'rry s	smuggled from Pretoria,	president M‘ery but tl ey	were dislodged.	this village and has been	a resident ever
Ruy wiiitney, Canoe Lake. Parry Sound and inter- Kruger now favors surrender, on the The Boer rear guard is at Moyerton, i «nee. About the year -1810 l.e was i m-at< ^nl9e	ground that a continuance of the war ei.» I ndlei n>rth of X ereen'ging. Their ployed hy the late .laa n Gould to put an
4 10 p Ai F-v Arnprior Renfrew. F^z- tails great damage to property and hard. main b',dy is moving towards the Klip engine in a pair of twin scows on Muskrat e	eanvtUe, Dvmbroke. aa«Lm- ,hip# on the burghers, tie has thrown river hil 1 that cover the south side (f Like and this was the first steamer that
>n the commandants the onus of continu I ioiiannesburg.	j disturbed that lake. Ihe deceased
While Lord Roberts’ 30,000 infantry, 1 °* a v<#ry active ui.d cne gjtic disposition 20,000 horses and 150 gun» arc moving and not long ag> the writer heard him eay on Johannesburg and Pretoria through a that h« never called in a doctcr fur hitn-parchcd and deserted country, the situa- ablf. He was married to his first wife London, May 27.—The War Office has «ion at the Transvaal capital no it was last soon after he cime here, who was a Mias received the following from Lord Hob- Friday is thus described by an observer Lett, who died in 1855. He whs shortly erts : Vereeniging, Sunday, May 27, i 50 who sent his message by private hand to aftvrwaids married to Mit» Ann Leg, who p.m.—“ We crossed the Vaal this morn Lr>reog> Marques yesterday :	died some few years ago. He leaves by
ing, and are now encamped on the north 14 Tho situation, both from a military his first wife three sons and a daughter, bank. The advance troops which cross- and political print of view, has become viz : James of Arnprior, Edmund of Ma
gauetawan, J. ti. of London, KogH and Mrs. Wrn. Cowan of Muskoka; Mrs Retyea, of Eganville, by hia second wife Uion i* to trust everything to a last | fbe dvceaaed was a wry interesting
person to talk to and often recited incident of long years ago. What changes he had seen in Canada since became here !
a 4.20 P.M
concen
Death of an Old Resident
<>.35 P.M
a 11.20 A.M
a 12.10 NOON
In Parlor Suites
east, leaving there at 9.40 a.m; Stops at only; Has Pullman parlor car.
a man
Frame are New Coverings are New Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
What’s the use of making a stump speech every time you try to sell a
Sideboard,
Extension Table,
Dining-room Chair,
Kitchen Table,
Kitchen Chair,
Bedstead,
Show the products of the best manufacturers,—they do their own talking.
Bedroom Suite, Spring Mattress, Wool Mattress
terinediate points
w.<e
1.00 P. M.
Mixed train for A rapid or, ,	,	~
Renfrew, Eganville, Mad*- IPg the right
wanks and Intermediate stations
)
The British Advance
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central depot "I 1	1 A Af From IVi broke. Fgan*
Ivle ville, Renfrew, Amprior and intermediate fwmts
Parlor Table, Hall Rack, or Lounge ?
»
5.35 P.M.
I'rvm Parry Round, Pern-broke, FgaoviUe, Renfrew
Arnprior and intermediate points
3.00 P.M
Mixed train from Madawas-* ka, Egauville, Renfrew, Arnprior and intermediate stations
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
ed yesterday were only just in time to very critical. President Kruger yester save the coal mines on both this and the day admitted for the first time that mat other side of the river from being de* j ters are very grave. The Boer determin strayed. Our casualties were four.
14 Baden Powell reports that the rail- ! stand on the Watsraand mountains, to way between Mafeking and Buluwayo ! the north of Potohefstroorn where 3,000 has been restored, and that supplies are j Kaffirs are digging trenches. To thaï
Central Depot Russell House Block
GUTHBEfjTSON, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT,
Ticket# to Europe and all part# of the world by all American and Canadian steamship line#, also Cook*#
• Train# run daily except Sunday b Sunday only.
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,

) r
\f
i
y

/
j



>

i
t
j

