###PAGE###1###
U
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
$1.00 a Yea.: in Advance.
THURSDAY, FEU. K 1000.
No. 30 —17rii Yexr.
;
Don't f« nvv
The Sh'iwville Council I* % an htisinvSH under it-> new Mayor !»y voting the huiu of Ç2Ô.OO to the Canadian Vnti iotiv Fund,
ITvt y « .1 -mi u * fov the current y ear It.'ivu I veil «-tipplied by the Stijiremu
Court of the Order to the members of the Independent Older
thn* fini» ,ji is taking chic
•b)Z.
Fit.rroy Dramatic Club, ild of h-. John * •lurch, Quyun. mi. Come.

pilot
! U

CONCERT LAWmiinN M AU. Mil ' I
Choie*' i'i

OTTAWA, i AN AD A.
........¦*!,( 4. 'M.
........ UU.nSO.
....... 1,0;,JM.
Ilv6<l OftL'f :
Kitiihcrilif 1
l-aj .Ul i«âl'l up . licit


OP CANADA.
- $6,000,000.
- 2,600,000.
W i Nlkh I
f F
would again r<? ".n h uliHvrihi vk w ho into
We
• e
< #:
( i
1*2 i
Board of Directors :
Charles Magek, Esq., President. Georoe Hay, esq.,Vice-President.
TTf . Geo. r.RYsox. Jh.	John Mathfr,
Aux. FftASi.it, E*W , Davi:> >Uil a hi s, h v.
DesMvfo rv, Esq.
mi ml th
bringing h wo-d *!iis winter, that uur hack yard afford* ample acv immodatioii just now tor a considerable st ick of that comi.VKiity, and us winter is advancing
e it filled up, while Parties who
CAPITAL
l f I
Undertaker I fyn
id n busy i y < : i MniuLty, having in cl large time funerals, namely, t.ii<'>e of Mrs, 1). Walsh,
Mrs. Ian cell, and Mrs. Kc’iy, of liiist 1.
Mr. John Mcltae, brother of our bmti v man, Mr. I>. McRae, mid a former resident sf Shuv, \ ille, is here this week visiting tho latter. Mr. Me!vie bus Ikxîi n
for the I (Jut^ .1 ai t
K#
r«~ RESERVE FUND
f
Head «dice, ¦ Montreal.
we rue anxious r« the roach remain" g have no w i.'i f-f dispose «,f. and who wish to h ici i'm!" rod in niir will are re-¦ > ‘¦apply us with f!iu w here with-cue if, as we have a particular idt-il fui ave'-sioji • > ‘im fate of being'frozen up.
re in d< .
lie called one of the pioneers f -1: groat ' * ao!. hmc: • in o*her words, l*o<*d Northwest, and i# fully acuuninted with the trying oxperiencum incident to the early settlement of that great conn whtn there were no milroadh means « f exist.
. .. General Ma nag# ........... Manager
G FORGE BURN. 13. M. FIX NIL,
I
• e
• •

• •
• •
SH AW VILLE BRANCH,
Bran» lie* *
IN ONTARIO:
WIRE.
F
approved security fit iv-itv-iV of IImîiioîu, Manitoba
past 18 yvnrs, having removed thither from N< rth Dakota, whtoc he Rome years, He i- therefore,
Money loaned on reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought a ml collecte d.
Money transferred to nil parts of the world.
SAVINGS DANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
7 10 A.M.TOO IVV.
. .	10 A M. TO t I*.M.
P. A. PARK Bit, Manager.
Keewatiii .•
, Mattttwa, Ottawa,
A
*	*- i •

Parry b*-md, I'cmmoke,
Hat .......
do Dank ht. Ufiifn *’
<lo li'.dpftu St. Tornflt », VanUttk Hill, Hmith - Fall
Arn prior, Avonmov1, lira-'ebridge, ('.•Helen
i ï'
PI a e, II iwkest.urx,

IN MANITOBA :
Will j
Skawville Council.
Dauphin
i
4
1 .P »
N
PorUgi* La I'r i: .<*.
IN QUEBECi
Montrea',	Hull,
Ak< î.I* lu Canada, Nt-w 'i o... c..-i Ü.tnk of Montreal.	_
Agents in St - Paul— Merchants Nat Br :»a Agents in Ljiidun, Kng.—P«.ri » U .r.K • U
‘ her i
I1MV
01
• 9
Minures -f h meeting * f the Municipal Council « f dm village "1 Shawville held "U Monday, the nth «lay of February, 1!KK>.	1 Ycv-rit, Mr. Mayor G. F. Hod-
Only having storage for a!,on :» .«	C,;U"°"''T\?^ W	tk'""'
’	,VM,,,r t0,.ml,dle ,l us f,et|y	M ved by ' m. Smiley, see. »,y ooun.
n!ii ru during 'ne juist two month . Hynes, that minutes < .1 last meeting lie We liave recently added more storage ! adapted.—Curried, vhb h enable*u* to purchase ail good I Moved by oun. Cowan, sue. by conn, hard wheat off-r<*d during iu* :t two Shaw, tliatCc.rge Hynes he elected inay-weeks.	or for the year 1D00.- Carried
As-'oou ft* vprlng opc; < w** j>urp	Tenders f"r cedars from .1. K. Jones
building an elevator alongside of mill and \\ alter Llliott be left over for further of a capacity capable of handling nil con-iderat;on.
wheat offert l for a!e throughout the Moved by cotm. Shaw, f-ec. >y c«>un.
Cowan, that this Council do hereby sub-
'"TuLsHAWUu.,:MiLux,:Cu:,;.A%Y.	^	Patriotic
fund.

Office Hours .
SATURDAY* .
III!
loll
:o:
Lu- li
« !
r f*

To the Farmers :
Wire of all kinds, and in fact everything made of iron, has been steadily advancing
in price during the past year. Some time ago we secured a car-load of Barb Wire at
a price much lower than present quotations, and we are offering the same at a
very .small advance on cost to present
buyers. Do you want any before price
goes up.

llavo you tried Dowd’s “ Ugh Loaf Flour Î

x\ A Û,
r,
WAi
\

i
Î

head !
“ My head ! " oh,
Don t forget I-» hoo thO organ grinder, Pedro, who wants :e money, :e money, or ze dog, in “ The Deacon ” Drama Llliot! b
Feb. 22n<l.
Dr. A. Lyon, than whom there is more enthusiastic Free Mason in e*1 e COW4J* ry, was in Montreal last week attend ing the thirtieth annual .communication
of'the Grand Lodge of Quebec.
Don’t forget to come and see Daisy show Pete what she would do if she wore his mistress, in “ The Deacon Drama 1 liott's hall, Feb. 22nd.
PONTIAC
i:»y




BUSINESS
hall,

no
COLLEGE '

L (SilVSCN COMMERCIAL ACADEMY)
L N >w open in the Tow v 1 iali. jii the Village of Brw>n, for the 3 study of Commercial Subjects,
5 Shorthand (in English and P French); Typewriting, Eng-1 lisli and*French. No pupil's L progress depends .upon that of k another. There being no cl is > < 3 us. student a may enter nt any 5
-o time.	*	,	j
x? F r Ml ] irti- lia i t apply to	^
k PONT-lkC liL-SISESS VOLLEtiB. 4
^	Hit Y HON, Q
Killkij By A Tiihu. —11 jhert Smiley, Coun Smiley laid a copy of an agree-aged about 2;*# years of age, son « f Mr. meet prepared by the directors of the Samuel Smiley, of t he Tt h Range, Clr.r- Agrid'iltu. al society for its appe al, endon, while engaged in th;* lumber woods Moved by conn, tiodgiitH, sec. bycoun. Rev. It. H. Whiteside intends prcpcli- 0f Washington territory, met with an Fades, that an advertiaement be inserted >ermon for young people (especially instant and untimely death by a blow in the t I 'awa Journal fur a stone crusher îen next Sabbath evening, lltn from a falling tree which fractured his
All young people cordially skull. Particular* f	it are M	. ( >wan, Bee. by coun.
not to h in !. The i	li« d the s.	be cdied for to 1
hon •	ief- trickc n family on
by way The
mg a young in* t, at (1.30. invited.


s.0 rent.

received np till Monday, the fitli day of >lurch f r rhu delivery of a quantity of rough s- -nu or b adders, on tho corpora-lion lot Moved by Conan, '.hut rieili
EHEaH: 2 ?» » & Sl
his oft.ee, ami exwutes «11 dental work : fmoral took plsçu on unlay tu I.-wer hi,.,«elf. A liberal allowance to pcnflè Lite,.field cemetery. 1h, inend and living on thin aide of the river those to relatives «.ftho deceased have tl. • aoep-employ him will he given.	est sympathy of the eomnmmty m i!-c-sr
i j	i,i |eu ' : 1
J, H. SHAW.
f this village.—Carried.
m Hudgins, sec by conn, v.e do Row adjourn.—Car-
r< i
BEING TALKED ABOUT.
-1C. P. R Short Line Through
Pontiac.
x Catharine Leitch, relict of tho late Edwml Loitch of Caldwell section, died suddenly <m Saturday last at Mr. Richard Ducherty’s, at the age of 84 years.
Mrs. David Walsh, of Bristol, who had been rapidly declining in health for some weeks* passed away on Saturday. Deceased v.as formerly Miss Hammond of Bristol. The bereft husband and children have tho sympathy of tho neighborhood.
Mr
The Grand C. hi met Mining Comp ny ,
he hilts annual meeting last Tuesday afternoon and received a very satisf ic* *ry report of the year's operations in the mines !
which it controls. There has been an p. .? Wednesday's Ottawa Citizen had output of about 1,500 tons of . !nc ore and f|>eV dloviti.; article, which will be of par-the property i i in a healthy state >f de- ; tjc^ilur inti rest- to -une of our readers : -velupment. Operations !mve . '*** been Jf the gigantic : themes of the C. I*. K. started in a mine of the company near js consummated for the carrying of the Lake Superior.	^ grain of the Canadian North west to the
The director» elected were Massra. W. Atlantic seaboard by the new and short
¦
journey throug,.me.-Vmi.	hore	ville< It is claimed that this mute will
Miss Maggie McC'rcdie, who lias heen bo 20 rules shorter than by * lie trunk line visiting Miss Bowman, of Ottawa, since /ia Carleton Place.
Chaistmas, has returned home again.	Leaving tho V. P. R main line at Gov-
The Misses Campbell and Richards, of eminent road the proposed route would Elmside, were in Bryson Saturday, re- bo via Beachburg crossing the Ottawa at turning on Sunday.	Calumet Island, where, owing to tho num-
A few of the Klmside hoys had their eroua islands in the river, the Ottawa could “ best girls " up on Monday night to the he bridged at little cost. rI he line would Dramatic Club.	thus touch tho Grand Calumet mines and
Misses L'ivina Ross and Berna Me- would pass through one of the best agi i-Credic, spent a few day.» at Upper Thorne cultural districts in the whole < )tfcawa vzd-Centre last week.	ley. There are many mines, water powers
and marble quarries, which could lie developed by the new route. The IGtance from Government Road to Wilson's Mills is only 35 miles, while the distance from the same point to Carleton Place is <i4 miles. The new line would also provide the C. P. R. with the shortest route from Ottawa t*> Pembroke and thus it would have advantages in the competition tight with the C. A. K. for the business of that

*1

A

LOCAL NEWS.

Are you using Dowd’s Flour ?

Carnival, Hliavmllo Rink, lliuraday mght, this week. -
Fortage du Fort Notes (received too laM ivid several school reports are unavoidably held over this week.
S|>et‘ial days V. ednusdays and Saturdays for Chic Photos.


1

iü

t:
?A I
TUI
II. Imisom.



A hinged-key. lost by some one in town, has been left with The Er nv to
Whoso is it ?
N

j#{ Have you a
SQUARE PIANO or ORGAN ?
find an owner.
- —
Miss Martha McGuire went to Cornwall last week with tho object of applying herself to the profession of nurse.

1 f f
F
For Family Groups and enlargements
ontiac Hou ¦
1-
m

call on H. Imison, ville.


Come and hear Miss Amelia prescribe for the Deacon's sunstroke in “ The Deacon” Drama Elliott’s hall, Feb. 22ml.
fur it in exchange for a
Hi If you we will allow you a fair pii 1 new GRAND or UPRIGHT
The Rev. Dr. Henderson, of Pembroke, met with an unfortunate accident last Monday, at Barr’s settlement, where ho was to lecture the same evening. It seems the rev. gentleman went into a room that had been placed at his disposal in the house of Mr. Thomas New, and while there Mrs. New opened a trapdoor near the entrance to the room, which communicated with the cellar. Mr. Henderson retiring sooner than was expected, did not notice the opening at his feet, and was suddenly precipitated into the collar, his arm, striking the floor in falling, caused dislocation of one shoulder. Dr. Sparling, of Douglas, was hastily summoned and had some difliculties in reducing the dislocation.
A meeting of the Protestant Teachers' Association of tlie Comity of Pontiac was held at the Model School. Portage du Fort, on Saturday, the 3rd hist, Mr. Vaughan presiding.
The following papers were read : “ The Teacher and Success," by Prin. Jordan, Ft. Coulonge: 11 The Culture of Memory and Reason," by Prin. Armitage, Portage du Fort:44 The Act of Learning," by Mr. Vaughan. The subjects were exhaustively treated and little was left for discussion—the little, however, was dealt with. About twenty teachers were present and some of the residents of Portage, among whom was noticed Mayor lira baron, who extended a hearty welcome to the visiting teachers.	M. Davies, Secretary
Special Her vie*. -The Metropolitan of the Ecclesiastical Province of Canada ttl the request of the Bishops having appointed Sunday next-Feb. 11— a, “the day upon which all the people of thi.. Mccle .f-astical Province shall be called upon to meet in solemn service, with the special object, of a united acknowledgement of the power and wisdom of Almighty God. and of seeking that He, in his mercy and goodness, will bring the present unhappy war to a right and lasting peace, and over rule all things in this world of si nan d sorrow to the enlargement of His blessed kingdom." t lit re will accordingly lie spv cial service.! In St. Paul's church here morning and evening, and also at Clarke's, Bryson and Portage du Fori. At the lat Pr services Rev. K. Warrington will preach on Christian Pat riotism. It is earnestly hoped that there will he a large ml tendance at the several services.
One hundred moulders of the Massey* Harris Company went out on strike last Saturday.	,
A Toronto young man named Charles Silmore is dead from blood poisoning, resulting from simply squeezing a pimple, which appeared on his face.

ws
lyf
Karn


v ••
m
n









37 Mr
•i •	i
ThoShawville Marble and Gran ito Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor turns out a superior class of work in Monuments, Headstones, etc. Prices reasonable

fciîl
ïïm
¦m

115
V
3;
t
y
lano

The concert field in Elliott's Hall on Wednesday evening last under the auspices of tho Presbyterian congregation, ranked as one of t‘«e best entertainments of the season, and, considering the nuni-calls that have been made upon public patronage during the past two months, favored with a very good attendance. The program was choice in every sense of the word, and the several numbers wore rendered with good effect, and on the whole were well received. This entertain ment, it may be said, was provided solely by outside talent, the contributors being Mr., Mrs. and Mias Ivetclmm, and Mr. Wiseman of Ottawa; Mrs Back, Mias put-vis, Misa Thomson and Miss MuVectors, and eight other young ladies of Port age du Fort, the latter executing a very pretty exercise called the “ 8t;u t drill Miss KetchumN whiotliug was very much appreciated, while the several songs given by Mrs. Ketchum, rendered iu a clear, rich, well cultured voice, fairly delighted the audience. Mr. Wiseman's cello and piano solos were of a high order, displaying rare musical'accomplishments on the part of that-gentlemen. Ur, Ketch urns cornet solos woic rendered with fine skill and wuro deservedly applauded, aa were also the instrumental contributions of the other performers. Miss Curry, in “ The Bachelor" and one of Mis. Caudle s lectures fully sustained her reputation elocutionist of singular merit. In the capacity of chiliniiMii Mr. Hack officiated pahle and thorough ly-at-liome man Tho receipts of the evening amounted to something over $40.



Come ami see the polished villian, Wheeler, try to get even with the Deacon • family, and fails. Deacon Drama, Elliott s hall Feb. 22nd.




>

• 1
!l
St. Valentine’s.—Attend the entertainment in the town hall, Portage du Fort, on Wednesday night, next, exceptionally good program is being prepared.
See large bills with cast of character-for “The Deacon ” Drama. Be sure and see next week's ads.
erous
We would Imî pleased to exchange with you if possible. After overhauling your old piano we could rent; or sell it. We cannot give you what your piano cost, when new but we will allow )ou every doll:»: it is worth ami will ;-vr - ngt the 'avance in easy monthly payments to suit you. if you cannot call kindly send us a de-• Tipton of rot r piano and ee wî: / «•. get *-tous allowance we will V
offer you.
An
was

town.
It is understood that the P. & V. J. line into Ottawa would bo leased to obtain this short route, in fact, it is stated there is some understanding between tho com panics already in this respect.
Tho Largest Army
m


/
«
THE B. W. KARN CG., Ltd
197 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
J. R. HORNER-SMIC, ||
§3»	S æ SxïSiS • I®
L^Mragg.gfS^asSSSE3B5SaS5SSg B®
l
No claimant for tlie purse found Y arm a few weeks ago, has yet appeared to claim it. Be*ter hurry up, otherwise the amount it contained will go—to the heathen ? No, but to the fund for tho of our soldier boys in Africa.
near
'I
#1
4
It is not generally known, peihapa, that the largest army in the world, that marshals under one banner, is that of the Sunday school. In round number ; it ex c-'jda the enormous enrollment of twenty-five millions, and more than half of them | âroon American soil. Bet wee idt h irteen and fourteen millions are in the United States rmil Canada, which is about onc-sixt of the entire population, appropriately styled “Our Standing] Army.” Over twenty millions of thon» i are studying the uniform system of International Lessons. Surely the inspiration of numbers is not lacking hero. This great system of Bible study is but one of the beneficent features of work of tho International Sunday School Convention, which covers the United States and ada.
Ohio, is the General Secretary, and may be addressed for any information desired.
Il Mc Aient -

use
Mr. B/Kidd of North Gower, carried off the Ottawa Journal's prize in the voting for the most popular county councillor. For the sake of our Bristol friend, who was a candidate for tho honor, wc are glad the prize was only a cane. Ned never uses one.
HOUSE AND LOT.
This has been
Property for Sale.

TO BE SOLD BY
AUCTION,
A desirable propnrty on Court Street, Slmwville. containing four village lots,
Mayors Elected.
I am instructed by the Executors of the late James Armstrong to sell by public auction at two o'clock, on Saturday, the 24th of March, next the house and lot at Radford, owned and occupied by the late James Armstro lg. Terms of	*ah.
J. J. TURNER,
Bristol—Edward Graham, unamoueely re-elected.
Clarendon -Thomas McFarlane, re elect
and having erected thereon a comfortable
dwelling house with necessary outbuild ings. For particulars and terms apply to Donald McHa, Shaw ville.




as an

ed.
Mr. Marion Lawrence, of Toledo,
Shawvtlle—George Hynes.
Bryson—F. C. Dezouche, re-elected. Calumet Island—Mr. Laeoelle, re-elected. Litchfield-Bernard Sloan.
ALF. McKAK, HamioU, Man.
in a ca ner.
Shaw ville, Jan. 15,1900.




v i











1
###PAGE###2###
thrt following «tor/ I» told: Short 1
ivspftr. from the road plane It on th fion. door vt the house id let tern large •nough to be read from the road
When traveling, hoxv often have I vxished to know the name of the
of certain places without stopping to inquire I
Crowding la one of the worst evil iu an orchard pletu) ot room, especially wh n bearing- If the trees are too thick the most profitable method is to trim them out by cutting down every ot h. j one.
'8 INSECTS CCBNiNfl
r cn .< yf.v/- co.vmxxts
>

Llhe Home ;
jofore lie aUnod for the Soudan la* i he met our a country load ncai
t
i On the Farm.

year
miJnc 1 old tinker, a character 11 | HE WAY THE SPIDER SPINS HIS
whom he had known nearly
A moat unusual emigration from Finland to Canada and the United States is expected this year steamship line has arranged to bring ever 55.000 Finnish peasants. It ie said
0
own

WEB.
Ins way
,H i,m life Sud i he itinerant,, "Mi
FABLE HINTS FOU YOUNG FOLKS | laird, 1 hear ye i® ««ua ulf Ino tin
sin e uiair w hen wall ye e ei
fill o' fechiin'V’ The off ice i
One
EXPERIMENT VO WITH APPLE
TA EUS.
:llleee ,lie A,r "¦<! I • Carmu-AtiarkM «rni ImporiMure la ibr Thread» ef
Trees should him
wu ra
In talking at the table, if the com-. >t,r 4»anjr is Urge, you will usually cotv * mi led, hut wade no reply. The link verse more with rouir neighbor than L*t went un, 1m t Iniikm that 11 hi
-» *•	- • -...- « r
home and in (he family, or at the | (o htm', it’s whuskyl ’ The laird took hom e of an int (male friend, you must
In entering into commercial orch
that thousands of families will come hare to engage In farming in *th# hop® nrding there li nothing like select of bettering their conditions and espe- *nK two or three upeclal crops hie oil*Ily with a view to escaping the new mature at different times so that the
labor
me Fiainv.
Uow dot's the common spider spin Ins w b f The external organs of the
•ittlti workman—what
we call the «wiring fingers—are at the lower end of the abdomen
can bo distributed evenly
political conditions imposed upon Finland eleven months ago, by the Hus- throughout the year elan Government. South Finland is in peaches and winter apples make an the an me latitude as South Greenland, excellent combination if they u II do No other region so far north is so well	*n 1 he locality
tilled and so densely peopled. Its 2,-1 Itmlion can then be given to the 500.000 inhabitants are a sturdy and strawberries early in
eleven-twelfths of	"hen they need to he picked
ma i ket
Flowing and cultivating thoroughly
will cause a wonderful improvvmvn
in almost any orchard. Cowpeassuwn
broadcastf ami allowed to die down and be plowed under the next spring are valu ible. When the |**as in the orchard are full grown the hogs may of food which coals almost nothing.
lie huit
St i inx berries
These
do your «hare of the entertainment. Save up the bright little ettory and the witty hpeavb, the funny w.ymgs of n child, the scrap of tiew.s in your Aunt Mary's last letter and, when a
organe ire
-vnerally mix m nuuulier l*n i re
HOME-MADE CANDY.
The three
are slightly different in shape nd appearance. The central
Uudix ided at -
Chocolate Caramels.—Put l.alf a ru,* ful of butter in a saucepan, and wbtn
pair are
melted, add one cupful of sugar, two I	*“d rit^er drawn up Tboee
goixl opportunity offers, add your ,fu * u( mt)|assea. and out-half cup- n e"®h ld* a,e Jo|nled al lwo Places, mite to the general fund of amu.se- | fuj u( miig 0r cream. Stir until -the ,llt tbe central pair are stiff. All
sugar is all dissolved, and when the exceedingly mobile, and nan be folded
Foxing l‘<>int I» reached, add three „p on one another, reaohing the source
a~ 26 1	......
ue tiiu rie» which they are rather fond j m:i v |)v foimed. Add h leaspoonful of ,,ie Fibres are drawn, but these
of telling. People in their own fam- 1 vanilla after taking from the fire, generally closed except when the spl-
Turn into l utter pans, and when hear lv cold, in u k it in inch squares, and Inter wrap in waxed paper.
Vanilla l annuels.—Omit the moles
liine.s hear them till they become |BeM a|lii , h cmale. add a little more numl*%r of bobbins, or tubes, dlvldsd veiy familiar. Uuod manners,. forbid ,u,|k orcruuu, and proceed as above intc# two parts, the lower of which Is any showing of IbW any look of uu- j Tht, Allowing candies require the thicker and longer than the
on the pari^f the listener. The	a'bln pound of 1^» tubes *re hollow, and
really well-bred woman or girl Us- granulate! sugar and a half cupful	<x>nduiU for the liquid aeore-
weli up to the middle of g|.ea <on, | * ,ns whether a bow should le,kS lu lhe thrice-told tale, the well ()1 w ,ler Ut (ho crack. Take it off i he ti°n jwoduwd by the glands, bringing
sS3-.SE SSsI —:	SaK-SH; ÈâSb&EhHE
of labor sieauny from earl) airing recognition main this or that person isionteur to tancy that tliohtoiy « ,|rup one at a time. When they are I .	* hat play some part in the
until fall, whereas when materai cro/s It cm, be readily understood to make beUl^ bruu«hl too often. Good wel, covered lift them out on a foik. | 'og of the web
tained a,. uev„«d. The retiuKti Ù a	***• lo bow lo on* wbo ls not ex‘,ect'	l>‘®a. ed.	Xou. rnu-st give pleasure to , Tfa# Wurlt	tie (iono quickly	or the
large j*urt of some one oi luo crops	ant of civility—is a humiliating ex-	otbens.	Wju must nuke up your	„rup w ill har Iwi.
is lost through decay on the vines.	perienôt». the reverse of pleasant, and	mlUli 10	revive giaufioauuu y un-	Sections of	oranges, and	single
I,til in Bulking 01 lhe last nop—ibe	,h„ef0.'e -it la not surprising that	' UoTiu a while an accident hap-	having	« «hurl etem attached j al net, the radial net and the partial
ever Mon"" u“u„ V" when in‘,e,'ision exista the OM'or. peua at a meal. A cup la overturned,	hen tbi.y'lmve Teen ,	.	.	.	,	'
va ri ties until one has luuud out just tunify for bowing is not taken ad van- • unhappy pei*ou swallows lhe ex(HJ1|etl l0 t|,e ttjr (or heverul hours, or	network itself is divided into
what is adapted lu his iovadiy. An tage of save by those who act on the u u,| tf	m im tx y uw es >i unln (|u.ir >urf u*<‘sare very dry.	a central spare, spiral apace and frame-
......... SSSS	S'™
the change in their political condition Lea.Iry, aLd ZToal luos.iThat for and against.	“*» oppear entirely uncon.cn,u.; two, ^l-^uiUula uf v ineg. r^ an ^ t he
¦ Th° 'T;;"':Mn"r?t£ \?™n^«tFÏL/téiKB^%hZ^wZ:,^z,"-«*i,be„ftbn,Pd.,th.two,.u,,
1* las' practically annu »	* grauuaj1y more ireeo of the s ,ine sort verT frequent instance with regard in a second the incident will have "11 b a pointed knife into squares. ! web. When the insect ie on the watch
can be put out. In this way we build to bowing in this respect is constantly been forgotten by everyone.	Neve Molae>va,—-Put into a good- for its prey it is almost glwaye stretch-
EsrvHS-BHESBSsSEF»
worth) variety is t iven a place in the mt*el * lady known only to one of the A little pleasure, a little leisure, point is reached, add one-fourth tea- | that the tips of the feet are twisted in institutional rights and privileges exiteiimenial orchard. ' Exery season two. The one who is a stranger to Sj runs the gulden year away. spoonful of cream of tarter, and when they had before enjoyed, and each of	there will	be a do.;6n or two	trees to	the	lady in question bows to her and	- the mixture is nearly done add	one-
the pledges	up and*	whether he has a right in so	A pretty idea Jr a	centerpiece that	^^h^p^n^^bak|ng.ôda	^
put in the newer ta it ties un.il thy deind or tbc wonder is on I he side of , *»ba.i appear at \\ elsE rabbit suppers constantly during the last part of the iky when the Czar, last year, a hoi-	Lave either passed on to the	main or-	the	lady, and she asks. "Why did that	18 lt> bave the border	of grass design	cooking. When the crack stage	has
Ished Finnish autonomy by a stroke	chard or	been condemned.	'1 his is	mm take off his hat to me?” We	worked naturally in	green. Rabbits	01 rived, pour into buttered pans,	and
—— ———~~
will acquainted she in ly be with tlie uti.er. It is a simple matter to» have friend by whom he is accompanied, any! chosen design stamped, to order, makes a social m at ako
the aeuseu. va
them tilling the soil, and nearly all baatil> a,l“ con.inuoualy for are Lutherans in religious faith Their *11011 by the umo iuo Iasi at iaw hei
history during the decade ending in llt1J 1110 shipped ih
need at me attention in the way <>i
are
BEST COLOR FOR HOUSES.
Jho\\ n, bay and black are usually von Me red the favorite colors foi
horses.
ment
There are dear old gentlemen— and old ladies, too—who have favor-
peach trop «UI
18:8 was remarkable for progress and development, hut last year was crowd- bunting tor the insects and culii
vutlng the soil. The season of pick
are
ed with bitter disappolntLient and
calamity.
dej- in at work, when they ere wide
ilies, or among their very intimate at qua in Unices, hear these atones more than once—indeed, they evinc-
ing «ill find the owner free fioin all oi her work, amt he will not have to lei one crop spoil uu the vim a or trees because auoiher one is upe for f it k-1’ in ally the tail season opens for
SIMPLE ACT « F SALUTATION.
open
On each " field " there are a certain
'«mie I'midltlves .%.»« in Arcurtlmrr Wtlh
F.llq uelle.
A few figures will show the remarkable economic advance of the country. In 1882 the exports of Finland were valued at only 817,000,000 1804 their value h;«d increased to $27,800,000 and the average for the two following years was $32,000,000. Lumber and tar were formerly the chief articles exported, but these now in-duds a great many horses, among the finest raised in the Empire, and large quantities of butter, potatoes, fish, woodpuJpi and papor The Finnish Govern ment supports thirteen schools for Instruction in the best methods of farming.
ing
Simple as is the act of bowing, it apples when he peaches have ad bien neveri hel *sa gives rise to doubts and disposed of, au I ihis work oi pnkug. ^i plexilies to not a few of our cor-
Inickiug and storing cau occupy ones respondents, who are uncertain under attention
upper.
serve as
By
winter
weav-
The webs of the spider are of two kinds—vertical mid horlsoutal snares. There are four subdivisions of the first else
the complete nets, the section-
The reasons for this' extraordinary
the centre, or nave, the zone of defence and the open
aone.
The nave is as large as the spread
last year Feb. !
Finnish Constitution in spite of the
1819 he confirmed the Finns in the
the net, and the least movement et
any point is immediately felt by the apid" , whose twist has tightened the thrends, so that his sensitive legs will feel the slightest touch. Perhaps thi sp dvr is also aided In this nature! telegraphing by the light fibre that connects the nave with 'his own body At any rate, the chief object of this mode of construction seems to be that
hie successors renewed be gave. It was a bolt from a clear
of the pen, reduced the Diet to the position of a parish council and/ made Finnish soldiers liable to serve outside their own country. Chagrin was added to dismay when he refused to receive the appeal signed in a fortnight by a half million of his Finnish subjects.
TO BREAK A RUNAWAY HORSE
BOER MKN ALL AWAY
There are few vices that the horse U heir to that are worse than the
I have had an interesting talk with a runner from Mafeking concerning the condition of the country.
He says he found that the war had by no means stopped the planting of the spnng crops. The work had been taken in hand by the women and the small boys.
It was true that smaller patches than usual ware being ploughed and sown, yet sufficient seed was being put in to provide,food for the coming
Be is not
the spider remains attached to bis web,
whether he be after his prey or leaves his net for a moment to get ready for attacking an enemy, or, when after n sortie, he wishes to return to the web.
The nave is woven either shut or open. The weave covers it with irregular meshes, across which we can generally see the prolongations, of the radial cords, forming a zigzag closed nave is covered with a woof of closely netted white silk; the open nave is generally found in horizontal webs.
The zone of defence is made up of spiral lines, four or ten in number, immediately surrounding the nave. These spirals do not cross the radiale at right angles, but are woven round them lengthwise at the points of the country ; any he met were either crossing. The open zone is that part in armed comm indoes or going to join of the central spire between the zone th« m I hey were no longer farmers, of defence and the spirals; it consists Fut soldiers,	Transvaal was no of nothing but radiais.
¦-—« - »3 rt swsrwrs
atroug harness and curt in a place 5"	* knn°«, him ’	selling the household ubuut their a,nd ^ youngest boys were ntUI in tains any of the viscous bulbs, ao that
:sr	gs£..‘su,trrM r.6	.....	k sk ywsssr m.-.'ts
truck where he can run as lung as he [. H. of ‘ LusUind are not always promptly taxed with the* uay « start, evidently went and informed their ning any risk of being caught in his may please without having to stop ou .V"'*	, ,can‘s t , l,a.r® ,u®e .,0/V8 it m u^iouisuing where some of these neighbors fur the following morning own net, though at the same time
account of the road.	u ,a'(j undeVZmV rmidiHnna U not women ul frail bodied get the for e	alw iya brought sonv mounted Boers,	he can catch no prey in this part of
leave the reins loose and keep still; relUe.. ,0 bowin' to m-ouI • known lor 6 Dear *oula, they seud he h us*	J(»,n a commando, lo others he show-	do this the insect crawls over the ob-
!et him run until he commences to ,	,	. . iTn,i»r rerialn enn	"üeel" epmuiug; they aUputch ed an old useless pass, which it hap- jecta, on which he wishes to spread his
want to stop, thou take up the lines ^tion/lt ?	* Lw - under B^phetto orders for to-morrow » eat- I*n«l that nobody could read.	Web ; he drags the fibre behind him,
other»- it is the	reverse	-Vs in ex-	Ui8. they dismiss husbands oif K> busi-	Bi‘ travelled along the Kaffir trails,	attaching It to (he surface of the
amide of its being	the right thing to	Wilb 11 smiie’ aud each child to	nvu.dmg the main roads, the towns	things by pressure on the thread ducts.
,	....	,,	a,.,.
selves express it,	always driving and	pia , taking up the lines gently and exchange 1 between two famMiso xn\ meulJ ol aJ vvilb m' ,e lhau u <*«-	deceived by the Boers as to the con-	bins, the threads stick to the surface
nagging at	them,” will	never keep a	lejll,18 him kindly to stop This th have not vet m.,t niihourh unwary s ai curate glance, they vicar	duct of the war and the purpose of	nt once and harden Then .the spider
mrnm isss Esnss
aesSisaisr^K -a» «	swr-Aira tzwti wav-^— KIVO	a
poet fur the sake, of her oldest grow-	r,u >l x> A KING.	W41bs spread between very distant
mg girl, to keep her confidence, hhe	There now remains only one iieople	points, and where it was certainly im...........................
go wrong at the» store. She must he Aqu-uor whose sovereignty has not dances these points are thirty or for-p.ay mu .e to baby boy < and girls about b**eu claimed by s European pow- ty feet apart, the threads of the frame .	.	her ituee, and ye. able to judge m.t er.	Mossing roads or little pools of wa-
¦eeiiei*
mm# #=###=mmm
msæssd. _,™................., mm, mm bmii mMmm ss»»»
iu.m (he latter. A wise eaiet.r»8e, !»ws ot heredity, the re.ults ol cross-	--*- give from its never failing fountain spert All the labour kd™.hv
îÆiitfKî : sy a =z'.T w	«• »*»¦» T. |	|	-e-irti
finding that may be required and I U'lied and mastered so far as pos- Several women entered the car to-never, if possible to help it, depute *ible by the farmer who would sue- gether.
the task to any one, not even a dough- c«®d.	Get up, said the fat man to the thin
especially If Lhe latter is young The outside of the farm house should man, and give a lady your seat. Fat and has not had much if any experi- be made ornamental as well as sub- man aIwa*s tbi°k they are privileged I hope's devotion	to	his profession-be I	confidence	that-Jenke-
peticulsrly'e'lde", womfn, rvsent 'being ,taDtial. 11 nd « tbe owner'8 came ia '	yoursMf.	retorted the thin bad been wounded	four times- thr,re UstL-If	<"wh/°U	cerUinlV
CO* «eoted by a deputy.	1 not on the barn in such a place ae to man, and give two ladles your east. I severely, before going to South Africa | Jenks—then you'd better 'do go 7
Quite little children can learn the
u e of a toothbrush, and morning and
evening “tooLhbru.di drill" should
form a pm of the regular uur.^ey routine. The mother should give ea» h ul the lit Lie ones a soft toothbrush and kIiow u how to u*e it.
expected to offer Ilia mark of respect habit of running away. This is one to a stranger, and there is good sense
of the most common vices attained by ‘9 1 bis » tiüng, us it would oblige her
eithei to ignore the salutation nlto-,	,	.	.	. ,	.	. . gethei or to coldly return it, thus re-
t ern p t s aie mile to drive them, and it versing the English custom, which delà «t this time when the method 1 créés that the lady should take the use will prove of the most benefit, al- ini	,u the matter of bowing. To
'““«‘•j	— w • — -
set m the vue that a few times would li tie awkwardness could not fail to not entirely cure him of it, and 1 have arise, and "Do I know this man Î ’ or been using it on any horse the public ^ know tills worn in ?’ would be at
- - — «' lÜ-T-àd ¦ iiS.‘dT«ï“V- «.»........ .r...
..... «	.....	1 «3,1 ,.‘~2r	.'B	.“ill mi; —	«*— •-
tricte. Famine was feared in the nor- horse has to do a great deal depends a,el-v hoU lbat 1 b«y should take off
r.=;-=r,r.z	E	rH -—--
¦ (age of suffering. I hese Lutheran the least spirit of revenge comt-s into IB tle surprise of the lad! s so lion-peasants are intelligent, hard-work- the treatment all is lost and only log people, and It would bo a blessing damage done.
If all emigrants from Europe were equally desirable. They will be wel-
high-strung colls when the first at-
On the heels of this calamity, came i late, cold spring and widespread floods that ruined a large part of the rye crop, the main breadstuff of the country. Late last summer the people of the towns were raising money to relieve the distress of many tbou-
The
TIRED MOTHERS
There is uo one so tired as a mother, when she is tired.
The women, who often were quite as stalwart and strong as their husbands, were doing their part cheerfully and lustily.
Very few men were to be seen about
in the course ot twenty-four hours
Toe nigtii is not hers lor sleep, but
The
is her sign to awaken, fur the tulle ihildrea do nut rleep in the
Another si le of lb v question is that when a husband and wife are uuys.gui
A mother's sleeping hours
come in this country, where their qualities will make them prosperous and useful.
FAULT FINDING.
Corn filon# fi bre >rre»«ur> ftbonlil Hr
Hade In Trlvafe.
A mistress who is always finding £en;iy and speak low and kindly to
him to stop; he will at once start .	, .	,	faster ; loosen the lin s again and wait
or the other thing or, as they them- | until he wants to stop.
fault with her servants for this, that
an order or makes a mistake, it is of
course necessary to notice the neglect, | ed to loint out the mistakes she has made
If possible unhitch him at once. Re-
There is no necessity, however, | the treatment until the horse
does not run at all
You will find ’I that each time the lesson will get bhortei than the last, i have had stances the servant h is to plead and | young colts run fust three or four
Which when heard will disarm our
wrath, and to lose one's temper and
THE MAN OF " TO-MORROW.'*
Longfellow has sa d that "our unfinished tasks wait like medicants at
to do this angrily, hastily or sharply for there may be extenuating cirrum-
THE SUICIDE.
Toil-worn, but trusting Zeno’s mad belief,
A soul went wailing from the world of grief ;
A wild hope led the way,.
Then suddenly—dismay I Lo, the old load wan there—
The duty, the despair i
Nothing had changed; stilt only one eacapo
Prom Its old self into the angel shape.
Banks—I say, old seep a secret f
TOOK THE HINT.
In connection with General Wauc
man, can you We,l* Kmiggins told





• •
###PAGE###3###
A LESSON IN POLITENESS
PYRAMIDS AND AN EGYPTAIN DAI.
CUCA CHEWING IN BOLIVIA.
INTERESTING ITEMS
BRITISH MILITARY REPUTATIONS
WENT AWAY FROM HOME
I
I Vmiii* Hum V In» ihf Tliunk* of Ag-
lerlrvrd l#itft»i-Hf< r«.
The elevated car was crowded and the passenger 4, Jiang ng to etiape, were lethargic and sullen, It waa • tired, dispirited or* (1 guard thrust hi» head in the door and nuwled oui the name ot the street.
From l he other end ol the fi ont car there was the bound of • commotion, and then a wake of pas»# gers falling to right and left, showed the
i rack a ui a man trying to reach the door, regard.es» ol the convent mna u, it*». Many were the muileied ob„ur-gaiious, but there wan iw oiganued
upposit ion.
An active-looking young man ntood near the uuor bhoved Ji in to one bide, tb* re was a thwack as o. a deni ending List, and then a cry of anger and a little scuffle, and the men stood cun! rooming each other on the p.at form of the elation, wliile the pamengera
» a rated ' the windows guard stood with hi» left hand on the Ue.1 rone.
It only took about half a minute. The active young man .swarmed all ver the other fellow, and wh le ha p urn me ie-1 him he made remarks oo h r gilts of tin- traveling pu lie. H e op; on, rit finu.Jy bolted down the stairway, and tin* young man jumped al*>ar<l the train, which had been held for him. The guard placed an approving hand on bis shoulder.	«
Tb re was a rust li. ol applause when lie entered I be car, and a fat man shook hands with him.	t
"That'll learn him to be perlite," said the young man, sternly, as. he ljosted h cuffs
passenger» brightened up and the journ y po eexted more cheerfully.
of r»ir iijii* Hit » ,mlua:* Whul I* tinln
o i ArnU» «I I .
sontb imrrleiin In il. r in Hip My»ierl<»ia
I'nwri* »| il, Ie,Mill.
The Hen Werlted Hell Hncem* Oewnril
(lit* Unglneer’* t.ilorf*.
An interesting engineering story ii) which n Nile dam, the Pyramids, the Khedive, and a French engineer fig men prominently, is told. According to n writer, there way completed in 1861, under French MipcrvUiou, what is known tis "the barrage"—a dam at the ni/ex of the Nile delta, just above Cairo, which was intended to make the river navigable during low water, says the writer : »
"Though ii had coat thousands of lives, and taken a quarter of a century to construct, it proved but a limited process. So insecurely had it been planned that in .8M tin- sluicegates had to be hurriedly revised to prevent the whole structure from being swept away and washed in sections to the Mediterranean it was
!H(»t n single Prtimim-iil IIflierr *"f*P **
I fit If l*in.
J
PATHETIC STOitlES OF SOLDIERS'
KEEPSAKES.
The Indiana regard the coca with The epidemic of influ n^a Is spread-extreme reverence. Von T.chudi, the ing throughout the whole of Eng-Austriarh s< ientlst, who made a most land. The newspapers contain long thorough, fcttnly of the ancient eus- | lists of notable sufferers from the loins, of "During divine priests chewed
The criticisms of the generals who u re conducting the British campai g in in Sjutli Africa, with which England In now full, are remarkable only in their character
IS
Somtt tlliTu leh»tii*rM|ih Well Worn Let le #, A L r.k ol Hale Silver Hide I » lin ry II I wd
"It's not the shells, or the bullets, or even the cold steel that makes a fellow, remember a fight, it's the ' af-tervArde,' " sa id an old soldier who had seen the end of many a hard-fought bat t le.
The iron duke himself utterly broke cl wn when he surveyed the breaches of Badijoz filled with llritish dead. Ho wept for the men. Had it fallen to his lot to help to bury them, to find the little hidden secrets of love hidden sway under their weather-worn tunics, he would have wept for the women and the babies at home.
A Dragoon, now retired from the Service, tells a sad little tale of the battlefield at isandhlwana, where five hundred and thirty British troops were massacred by an overwhelming horde of 7alus Months after the battle be was
The Llg
disease an 1 the death liais are ab-nonn illy lung. The royal household at Osborne House, Isle of Wight, has not escaped. Many <>f its member* unless they were supplied, with them ! hive be n run el to a on tar urn*
it was believed that l he favor ul the A telegram trom Pretoria says l.af-
U war also | fun's correspondent at Lorenzo Marquez, states that ISt sacks full of document i	relating to the affairs of
in bis | Messrs Eckstein have b en found in some old boilers in the ninth level of i lie City and Su ou ban Mine at Johannesburg. The tiovernmi-nt attaches great imioriancr to the discovery and is having i he documents fully invest iga ltd.
Officers whose op-
t he Incas, say*: wur hip the coca leaves, and

almost uniformly un-
•r
erat ions
successful are sure to provoke public clainoi against them, and all the more so, il they have previously been military heroes in t ho i-opular estimation
are
in
be
god could not be gained deemed necessary that the auip'ica-tor fur divine grace should approach the priests with an'acullioo
be
id
or rather imagination.
When the South African war begun the special fitness of generals like Huiler and Methuen for command was doubted in no English quarter, unless it might in military circles jealous of the opportunity for distinction accordée to them, and if there were any officers in the British Army entitled to such confidence it was they.
British general has had a better re-	reinforced by the French engineers in	rooted1 idolatry, for everywhere we
cord in the past than Redvera Bui 1er,	charge, and managed to do part of	find traies of belief in the mysterious	i	Mrs	Maigaiet	Neve,	of	Bouge	Buis,
and when he left Ijondon for the field	, he work intended for it, but only a	power* of this plant. The excavators	gL Peter's Port, liucrimy, is named
of war neither he himself nor the Eng-	part. It was never strong enough to	in the munw of Ferro del Pasco throw	ail tjje 0jliest ijrltist, subject of the
I is li public had any misgivings as to	serve any great area in the delta un-	chewed coca upon thd hard veins	Queen. Recently celebrating the
ihe propriety of his selection for high	til ibe English	came to exclusive con-	metal, in the belief that it softens th o/th anniversary of her birthday
command. Ills rapid victory over	trot in	1881t.	Then Sir	Colin Mon-	;’re and renders H mure easy to work. h^rs. Neve rec. ivc«l many visitors who
u %	':n, tSM gr=3 B rHSS
abandoned	there, and to	buiy	the	mnes	had ^eeil w|,0||y anj notably success-	barrage in haul. Under his admin-	favorable reception on their entrance	^be excitement of the «lay, and on the
of the	fallen	heroes of	the	tilth	Uegi-	aud ho waa hailed as a natural	iatration the dam was built up, and	™to another world, and when» Pei u-	follow big Sunday wa.ked to and fimn
rt,T"'	—%%%	— .......- — -	•• —— - i«...." -	* — ........
hulk'd during the raging of Un	>	British Army for more than forty	construction permitted. Gradually	to it «orne coca leaves as his pious of-
^ar*	years aud had risen from the lowest	the glowing area in the delta was in-	fering.
™3E “ = ™=::	ml- r:z: :z:
ice, a* it is veiy ouiu at mgnia	cognized as peculiarly distinguished	cot ton	m the world.	W hat waa form-	chewer. "A man was employed, by	jn (ggj, and	another	box labelled	ak
the high tableland of South Africa,	nnd hriBlant. in Africa, more es-	ef*y a	Milan unclaimed waste is now	me,'’ he said, "ini very laborious dig-	holding the	organs	of Dr. I a ma	I la.
*nd snugly tucked away beueatt- these	peoia,,,. he bed been con.picuou. in	ü!gL he'w^m ,my e he’ ne^r	1Tbe dI“"very	""	caused	a	.en.ion
waistcoat* were found sum e	various wurs and ex|edltions, had	teas as it is as an engineering work	UMed fond t(JO£ on|y two bouts
tie tokens of remembrance of the	iov-	Herved a8 ctye( 0f Staff to Gen. XX ol-	uf permanent value, a.most cost the	ejeep ear h night, bul at interval* of
ed ones at home. Many a girl * photo-	He|ey jn the Soudan campaign and had	world	the existence	of it* most an-	two hours and a half or three hours I similar to the action	of opium
graph, faded by sun aud ram, was	been decorated for nersonal valor and	tlenl	u,1<1 ‘,J#FlrlI1K	monuments—the	jie repeat cl ly (hewed about half an	fortunately,	the persistent odor	of
isss=::::	rstc&ss:	sssesïsiee—hse:
a poor hero	who	had	evidently	sold his	one 0f th« most distinguished officers	**gypt.	After	he had de«	id. d on the	had , ,lH opportunity to do ely oh er\e | ;s one 0( lhe host sl -en inducers. The
lif« dearly. In one withered band be [n (h< Uritiah Armv with a brilliant	h® P^U®h	8,1 ; U l iench him. The work fur whi b 1 bad *«- Llemeni nbove mentioned has the ef-
ssâssrï :	S E SS —™
w is still claspzd a little miniature of highest distinction have obtained. Iheie, said Aitlnmei A,i, pointing f00lt he kept pate of my mule and
¦¦¦1811*11*8
¦ h vis i widow nod they had killed 1 he simplest elements of their profes-	bilious on his head aud his name
L, on I v ‘min The Zulus were deeply don ami without inherent or at-qiiir-	would be ever infamous where he	TYPHOID	FEVE it	IN SOUTH
grieved when they heard this tale, and ®d ability to lead troops in action.	would have it great. On the other
JLqi -a df u ht less wit h sincerity, that Meantime these nepernione are ear- hand was Mehemot Ah, with all the
h-ui thev known that the prince was	ried to even higher quarters. XX ol-	Egyi tiun scorn and disregard for the	Typhoid fever is the most prevalent	stances required the kissing of feet
the onlv son of n widow they would	**!*?, only so lately the great English	great antiquities that abound	in the	an<1 fa(<j| disease in South Africa. In	We think it was, Uomiiian who first
found upon the field of Uandhlwana, an(j ^he thirty in the Army of which they serve to attract tourists and been undoubtedly the most serious 1 ulJC s 1 'L 1,1 g	r
EBEEBEEE ; E3SSS :	r:	|
orated, together w.th the whole front Kitcuener's laurels, too, are derided us |e88< So Mongel Bey got his wit* to headquarters of Ilelpanakaar and at , time-honoured ki s ih.i .enigimi. page, by the sun and rain, but them- havmg been easily obtained, These XVOrk He came to hi* mister the Burke’s Drift in the middle of Febru- 1)u kesa 1,1 Devoiihhne, best owe. .upon
E™;CEHpE SIEBSS ErîîîH
where in the neighbourhood of I oris rank and file of the armies in South | pyramid stones than it would to quar- healthful that it had-to l>e evacuated, though there is just a soup on of ad mouth. She h ad quarreled with her ^frjeai after a series of disasters to rv ;do living rock out of the adjacent The troops woe mo.ed to Utrecht and j verLL&emem about it. An uld atei-lover just before he had left for the them all, is naturally conducive to de- j,ju8i	Dundee but the fever L m di >eybo e too veteran, one Dun in Mackenzie,
war, and in this letter she asked f"1 moralization. It looks, therefore, as	" Very well, then quarry it,' enid	li is not	contended tnal water may	who died	in lbtiti, at	1-	gm,	n S	oi l m	I.
forgiveness for her wilfulness, and if imperative military nee-seity would i the practical Mehemet tersely, and	not be a vehicle, and	possibly the prin-	u	e,d	to	apeak,	as	aforiu.iaie	re	-i-
hoiwd that he would make it up with	require t lie relief of some of the ac-	tjie pyramids were saved to the	world	cipal vehicle of typhoid infection, but	pient, of how—w hen he-wa.s a mu kh*
her when he came home. If this page	cused officers before a successful cam-	the Frenchman's ingenious	lie. '	there are many outbreaks that cannot	braw laddie—h« enli-ted ini i-o i«-gi-
meets that girl's eyes, she may know |/aigh can made (Hissihle. Doubt	receive so comfortable an explanation ment formed by Jane, Duché .4 of
that her letter, written nearly twen- mUHt lx? replaced by confidence, morn	?	Some of them are strikingly limited Gordon, afterwards ihe IJJnd Eighty years ago, reached her lover safe- especially when the doubt goes to	n-iip cnvvF XVAS CHANGED. and their limitation is rarely in ac- landers. This old fellow s eyes used
ly, and was treasured next his heart 8UCp extremes as now appear both in	' '	cor da nee with the distribution of the w twinkle, even after his 80th year,
In	the	England and at the	seat of war itself.	"1	am sorry	to learn that you are	wafer	supply	supposed to be pollut-	a*	he told how ,he kissed the du boss,
CLENCHED HAND	Ob’ AN OFF ICE It The fact that this	popular and mill-	8Q U1	tb;lt yuu	cannot possibly	lie in	ed.	ln	"^^mg the -hilling from between
tury distrust ha* no reasonable foun-	accustomed plane to-morrow Dr. James Allen of Pietermaritzburg her teeth. This certainly may he
dation and seems to be without special >	....	. . from his observations in South Africa, clawed among historic salutation,
justification docs not lessen that ne- morning. Miss Iltcks. said tlie minis-	to the conclusion that typh id ft v- with other* of a more or leas'sadden-
cessity, though it is not probable, it ter’s wife, condulingly, "and 1 have eT de^nded chiefly upon infected cat- mg character, not the leant stirring is hardly possible that any better of- hurra,d 0ver to say that you need not tie. He describes a specific enteritis of which being captain Hardy « re-
%	.i- -	St.';:: ass.-“ rtre
read) in command has been of the, solo you were to sing in the opening	tbe excreraents of animals affect- land of startling innovations, there
same kind as that of the British offi- anthem, Dr. XVebster and the chon ^ with thig distemper, on gaining ac- was, at one time, in thu State of Foncera who have been	awarded tlfo most	have	arranged	that Miss Mark	shall	wgg	<my way jnto tbe human body,	necticut, a code < f laws, locally known
distinction and are	still held in the	take	the part,	and — '	w • j j	give Vise	to typhoid fever. ID	a*	the "blue laws." Thit! precious
highest esteem by the English public. " XVhat r	holds that typhoid fever thus arose in code ordained that uo woman wasfal-
If their	reputations	are inflated so	are	The pophlar soprano of Bev. lir.	^ ,r<,at measure among	the	British	lowed, to beestow an	endearing	caress
all	British	military	reputations	in-	Webster s church choir sat bolt up-	‘tro( g |n the Zulu war."	on her children	on the Sabbaih or any
flated, from XVolseley and Roberts right in bed.	¦	of the. faet-days, under penalty. There
down They have obtained th ir rank "Whut?" she screamed. That old	*	must have b en a great lapacity' for
aud honors in the very sort of warfare nuiid with the cracked voice trying to	.|y observation in John* Bunyan, the
in which the most exalted of the tiri- sing my solo 1 Never 1"	FILIAL I.OVE.	author of "The Pilgrim's Progress."
tish officers have had their sole With one hand she tore the band-	. . r He, having expressed hia objection to
schooling. Tb ir achievements have ages off her head; with the other she That’s a pathetic story of be mu- tbe practice of kissing, was reminded been in kind the sama as those which swept the medicines from the little don fishing boat crew. No class of men that there was suvh a thing as a XVolseley and Roberts received mi li- table to the floor and then kicked down	death more frequently than the "holy ki-s." "If it is a holy bestowal,*
wiraLzszar» “s^nsw,... u. «*, — -ah. sa d in a voice that rang through	among none is a genuine heroism more	, ldsomei and	let
the house like the silvery tones of a	frequently displayed.	one* gof". . .	.
hell, "to notify Miss Stark tint she ûe Bourdon boat was manned by has summed up the* whole truth abiut
msngle that solo. PH he fa^h<»r and his four sons. When the kissing. He tells u* that a kiss is like
boat sank, three of the latter went créât on itself, is made out of nothing, with her. The old man got an oar, by.t is "very good." and soon the fourth son appeared by his sidi
port one, and the lad. taking in the Paul Kruger is not a handsome man. Bituntion at once, hade his parent fa rail is said that he is the ugliest man wt.|i m the words: " Wee I, weel, faith™ the	bUtthbe rLWBe	the
he considered his match one day. Be- northern dialect will fully appreciate trains, "that thero was an .accident ing out on the veld shooting, he fell in	depth of kindly resignation and
with an Irish Out lander of ferocious | ^rue feeling which the words denote.
appearance, whom he immediately ^be father endured terrible sufferings covered with hi* rifle.	but was ultimately picked up. "Great- J,l>’
" Oi say 1" said the Hibernian, “phat er |ove batb no man than this." ye going to do?"
* My people," replied Oom Paul,
" told me if ever I came across an uglier man than I was to shoot him.
And I think I have found him.
"Well," said the Hibernian, after a good look at Kruger, "shoot away, for if I am as Ugly as you are I don't
re
»•
mouth. It w,i believed that any bu.diieas undertaken without the benediction, of coca leaves would no* pi<* per, and to the shrub ilselt wur ship was rendered. During an interval of more than ,TIH) years l hnstianiiy ha i not been able iu subdue this deep-
y
rs
i lib offender r* 1j j
Suddenly
ie
».
e
Indie has over 6/00,CO) girl-wives
whose ages range from 5 to 9 years.
70,0 0 widows not yet nine years of age.
d
No
w
«
l ini Ug
l-

d
S
a
I
The new sub-prefect has discovered in the main police station of Linn a
A f ' er that the
>
t
The onion contains an ingredient which acts on the nerves in a manner
Un-
SLAIN BY THE SULTAN
I
Water Commissioner Bowe was talking to a few friends in hla office the other clay, and in the course of the conversation related the following story:
The cashier of a London Lank was I'/OOJ behind in his accounts. In bis d.lemma he consulted a friend for ad-v i ce.
i
" Why, said the friend, " the only thing you can do is to stave off the d ,y of reckoning as long as possible. But in a check for the £J,V0U, and sign some rich man's name."
The cash J* i wanted advice as to what
man he should select.
" Oh," said ids friend, "take some mnn as far .away as possible. Take, fur instance, the sultan of Turkey." The cashier drew a draft on the aul-
CTIAltACTEIt OF KISSES
The history of kissing has never yet bee a written. Roman hmperort deem-
years found the Homan Emperors ex-AF- acting this species of homage from iheir interviewers, and in some in-
tan and turned it in wit li his accounts. The draft was sent to Turkey for collection, and in the meantime the cashier had a respite. Of course the sultan indigunnt when the draft was presented. He promptly declared it a forgery and tuid h.s ministry to so inform, the London Lank.
‘ But, your serene h ghness," interposed the grand viz.er, would it not better to pay the draft?. You are now try-ng to negotiate a loan of £5 -MjJ.uOJ in ord r to carry on a war If those Christian dogs get the idea that you are too particular aoout money they may refuse to lend us the five millions. On the other hand, if you promptly pay this £-,tOO and as»c no questions, it may give you the reputation of a man who is unusually liberal in money mi tiers and who is sure to meet any debt prompiy."
" By tlie bvird of the prophet I” ex-
I cannot afford t+ create an unfavorable impression in th#
Pay i tie draft at
RICA
Was
kiss e.ectoral
• «
claimed the sultan
money market
when lie died
once
The cashier was called before the directors of the bank to hear the sultan’s reply. Conf dent that he had reached the end of his tether, the cashier braced himself to hear the sultan's repudiation of the draft read, existing immediate arrest and imprisonment.
"What a relief it must have been to f nd that the sultan had honored the draft," remarked one of the listeners to the story,"
" Honesty is the best policy," replied Mr. Bn we. " Th* cash er was unprepared for such good news, the shock overcame him, and he dropped dead."
who died in the desperate stiuggb when the dervishes broke the corner of the British square at the Battle of Abu Kies was found a baby's coral necklace; whilst in the pocket of a naval officer, who died, disdaining to move from his gun, at Ta mai, his comrades discovered a picket of baby letters enclosed in a loving epistle from their mother, all begging "papa" to come home soon, and enclosing fair cropped from their beloved
curls
Yet there is a happier side to the loldier’s keel* ike. Many a life has been saved by a Bible, a locket, or even a lucky sixpence, which has turned the fatal bullet aside. Many such instances occurred in our Soudan campaigns, and most notable amongst these was the experience of an officer of the Guards, whose life was twice saved by the miniature of his fiancee, which he carried in his breast-picket. The bullets dented the ggolden case of the miniature, but the picture, piinted on a brittle •lip of ivory, remained unbroken.
BAYONET CHARGES AND WOUNDS
Some of the stories about bayonet charges and bayonet wounds coming from the battlefields of South Africa,
i
which appear to be taken seriously by
simply humorous to
_ the ill-favoured Judge Haiiburton I civilians
are
those acquainted with the actual ex
Medical and
MUCH-PRIZED TROPHY
needn’t
there."
pericnces of war. In the Surgical History of the War of the Rebellion," we find this statement under the head of " Flesh Wounds of the
This trophy belongs to the 2nd Battalion of the Loyal North Lancs hire Regiment, the old 81st Foot. It is a silver-mounted enuffbox, which came into the possession of the regiment under the following circumstances. In the year 1806 Sir John Stuart was in command of a British force, in Cnla-
EUGENIE’S CONDOLENCES TO LORD
ROBERTS.
But the oar could only sup-
RIVAL .BEAUTIES
AN ACCIDENT.
‘ I understand." remarked the re-
Upper Extremities:'
"Over 60,000 cases, or about a f.fth of all the wounded reported by name, | were returned as shot flesh wounds of
One of the first letters of sympathy received by Lord Roberts, aftei the death of his sun in South Africa, was from the ex-Euipress Eugenie, and it
is said that no other letter so aftei teti
him. The last time that he and the contact with a French force of equal
Empress spoke of African war togeth number u ider General Reynier Am ng er was when he took to her a spray of lae English regiments engage I were flowers picked on the sp>i where the the 81st, and their commanding of*. Prince Imperial fell, killed by the Zu- fieer, Colonel Kempt, seeing! that the lus. The ’.Empress seldom touches a men were terribly hampered by their ix*n nowadays; but she wrote to Lord blankets, made them halt and d's-Roberts herself telling him that no burden themselves of their imi>edi-heart in England could better than ments. The French misunderstood the her s understand his grief.	movement, and rushed with a triumph-
ant shout to the, charge. They never made a greater mistake in their'lives. The 81st, with a ringing cheer, dash ed to meet them with the bayonet. The Frenchmen, confident of victory, and holding their foes in supreme contempt thought the day was won. But they met bolder hearts and stronger arms, and they were, hurled back in confusion at the point of the bayonet, leaving 700 dead on» the field colonel of the French 'Grenadiers waa slain In single combat by an officer of the 81st, and on. his body was found the silver mounted snuffbox whish has ever since been treasured among, the regimental plate, and in snuff-taking day# was always passed' round the mess after dinner.
porter to the manager of a railway noted for the unpunctuality of its
the upper ext rein.ties. There were sixty-nine examples of bayonet wounds " Oh, do you ?" was the sarcastic re- 0f the fleshy parts of the arm, or forearm, or hand, and forty-four cases of , v	„	similar injuries by other pointed
' ' dodg< 0,1	' • '	of ' i y one t wound - w
er. Nor is it ftt n,ll likely proportion can l*e any great th**- modern weapons with thei
range
fighting lines
bria, and on the 4th of July came in
your railway last night."
on
wea-
are
CARTRIDGES RUNNING SHORT.
Lee-Met ford cartridges are running short in the British m ig izinea. and. an-cording to a semi-official report, the War Office proposes to fall back tern- j act porarily upon 1(0,0'0,00 "Mark IV. expanding bullets," most of which are
already in storage in South Africa.
The War Office, however, has issued a strict order that fifty-rounds of " Mark IV." given them must be used in practice at home, none being taken to South Africa. After the public announcement that no such bullet would l-e used in this war, its employment, th** Daily Chrnni le thinks, would he serious breach of faith, especially as the British comm indexa have complained that the Boers occasionally ufe such projectiles.
MILITARY TAILORS ON STRIKE. Among the minor perplexities of the War Office is a strike among military tailors, which causes delay in uniforming the recuite.
The Birmingham, Mail, the organ of
Mr. Joseph Chamberlain, says understand cm the highest authority that if the Government.is defeated in Parliament on the question of the war. the Cab i ei will immediately appeal to the country, ill! the Ministers having decided t« stand together,‘and not to permit any individual Minister to be
made a scapegoat.*’
A DAINTY SACHET
i he
A COURAGEOUS DEED.
James Egolf of Buena Vista, who is short of stature, broke through the yesterday while «kiting near the shore on the North River. The w t-ter was over his head, and he had gone down for the second time when a man over six feet tail skated boldly into the hole, and standing on the river’s bottom, held Egolf up until help came The rescuer’s n;imo could not he learned. He was submerged to hi# neck while aiding Egolf.
n woe re still more widely me pa ; 1 • •
the
An excellent and lasting perfume for
scenting clothes that are not always
in use is made in the following way. Pound to a powder one ounce each of cloves, caraway seed, nutmeg, mace cinnamon and tonquin beans, add as much orris root am will equal the weight of all the foregoing ingredients, also powdered. All that is needed is to fill little bags with the mixture and lay them among the garments to insure their emitting a delicious yet refined and lasting odor at all tirn^s
ice
We
The
A CENTURY'S PROGRESS
Professor—Miss Fla villa, men1 inn a
[ientifio en I ui y.
tlw tele-
few of the most wonderful a inventions of the nineteen*h Mis» Flavilla—Yes. sir; phone photograph button», gt If c »p » aud Ice cream soda
i

¦
i

###PAGE###4###
P. P. J. near WiUon'a Mill, in Claron- the Atlantic .«aboard, haa been completed ^	^ ^	,n
EEEE”rf?Fs 2 ^%S8Gy-RRRRI8
w.th the C P. R. established lino via and .ucceaaful prV.v'uUvn ofThe,IT™!	\ATn	PC	DûûWl	Q
C arleton Place; and Mr. Shauglmcssy la l>y ni y government lu» already attracted	VV	f\lY VI *	I \ C/V/	/Y 10
doubtless fully seized vf this fact; and if tiw attention of th >#e interested in we#
he does not profit by it, it will bees use he *®r" ^aneportat ion and there are good .	/	.	,	,.	.	8r»,u“(,i for the hope that, when the
has seme ideas vf railroading that ordi- necewary facilities for the quick and in
nary mortals know nothing of. In the expensive handling <,f ocean trathe are
provided and which are now in progress,
Canadian ports will control a much larger share of the traffic of the weet.
Measures will be introduced to
THE EQUITY.

Chicago IV|ica
COMPANY
BUVEIjS OF MICA,
SHAWVILLE, FEB, 8, 1900
e &
§bawville.
EDITORIAL NOTES
Among the bills’to be introduced this session is one by Mr. McLean to establish a Bankruptcy Court.
meantime, while we await results with
234 Wellington St
OTTAWA • • ONT.
Main Office ami l'a tory

deep interest, it seems safe to venture the opinion that routine’s prospects of a trunk line in the near future are bright.
NEW ARRIVALS.
and amend the existing banking law.*, to 1 regulate the rate of interest payable upon judgments recovered in courts of law, to provide fur the taking of the next decen-niai census, for the better arrangement The tifth and what is expected to be of the eh tal districts, to aim ; the It may be unnecessary to explain that the last session of the eighth Parliament Criminal Code and the laws lolating to Mr. Tartu did not prepare that paragraph r'* 1 anada was opened on Thursday last othei important subjects.
"¦* «»“ - f~"* :
fernce to making provision for the pay- lowing speech from the Throne, which 1 .ie 1'ubhe accounts will bo laid before
foreshadows ihe Government’s program >')U*a, ( mw theeatnnatea fur the for the session :	Ing yoar’ ?h,c” *iave been prepared with
Major Samuel E. St. Ogue C'haplead 1:10111 «We Gentlemen of the Senate :	; ar’tTwihTfIhe D*mi»ionf '“ d!! " ,#rm
has been appointed Clerk c f the Senate, j Gentlemen of the Houae of Commons Honorable Gentlemen of the Senate ; in succession to Mr. K J, Lwgevin, re ''is again my pies sing duty to congrat	(ientlemen of the House of Commons :
SpSE
eery in succession to Major l iuipleau. enue and of the exports and imports of	j
Major Denison, who had charge of the recruiting of the first Canadian contingent t ) Africa h is been appointed aide de camp on thu personal start’ of Lord Roberts.
x AU'AIîAÎSO
? • 4
?
W, D. HOLMES, Manager.
A Large Consignment of all kinds of
Opening of Parliament
WANTED.
TENDERS FOR SECRETARY.
HARNESS
in the speech from the Throne with re
idvrs marked
ment of the Canadian tr o; >
C 'll
i t
v;' 1 1 ouijNinv. for the season of pin
..........................................
I aiht- tendering to state what t lie expei '
The lowest oi accepted.
which will be sold at prices to suit the times.
The | • *011
orti
sir i y
any tender not necessarily
the country.
Hostilities having unfortunately broken out during the recess between (Ireat Catharines, at Winnipeg, will suspeni ft r Britain and the South African Republic,
the present the work of the Dominion it appeared to tny ministers expedient to ! J	|
elevator commission which has been tak- anticipate the action of Parliament b,	nt mill, a*
..	...	.	• , ,, v ,v equipping and forwarding two contingents Oats per bushel. J4 to2.X\
,ng evidence in Manitoba and the North- ot Vu|uuleerf t0 thc aeat‘)f wflr as , *rilc
west. Judge Senkler was chairman of the	tical evidence of the profound devotion	fcx per d.wn. l7t
commission	and loyalty of the entire people of Canada	Butter, per pound, 171<> 1 •
to the sovereign and institutions of the British Empire.
In this connection it is a matter of ba has appointed Char.es A. Kennedy, pride and gratification to the people of
manager of the Bank of Njvs Soctia ; this Dominion that, in addition to the , ' J ' ^ % ' k ' @ ^	^	'
Cameron BarfleU.kW manager cf ,he
and despatched at the personal expense Hides, per 1001 nd», #7.00 accountant, Brandon, to enquire into the	0f the Uigh Commissioner of Canada.	lVlt>.eai h. Alto 7.V.
financial affairs of the province and organ-	This generous and patriotic action upon	Turkey» peril». 7 . to s
izition of the civil service departments.	part of Lord Strathcvna reflects high Cee-e p r |h. .*» to *»c.
honor on him and on the Dominion lie Chick
Dm k>, per lb. 0 to7c.
THE MARKETS
The death of Judge Senkler, cf St
H. H. ELLIOTT,
A few Pulpers
Straw-Cutters, Double Sleighs and Sloops
SHAWVILLE.
1
WANTED!
TENDERS FOIt CHEESE-MAKE^
Perns,» per bu>hel, f>4 to We
Sealcil Triider, ntork»d *• Tendoi " will
teris yï.fSî'SmM
Ihwm muki-r furthr Lily Vlui-M-and But-ter< ompany, for the ?*en*oii of l!Kiu. An pjleant to state what he will umnufaetuie
I lives,, fj,* per V.n\ II,s. and furnish his own supplies ; or how much wage» he will take her month to make the cheese and furnish hi> own supplies. Cheesemaker is to xx «‘Uh ami keep an accurate account of all milk brought to the factory, weigh and Ux.i,! cheese leaving it ready for shin men» ; .iLo to make first-class Cheese that u il command the highest market price.
t>,UI	necessarily
M n-l for lurxe h-uine . salary month-1 ly Hr.d txr«-nv>, with lucres*? ; position permanent nr lose neir-mliireesed si am red
.VA\ \i .FI'. 3o0 Vuxt.cn b:d%.,
Wool, per pound. 1> to . Hay. per ton:	to #7.UU.
Calfskins. Ô0 to 00c.
The Provincial Government of Manito
I
To be sold out at low prices.
Punk of Hamilton, and Geo. H. Hulse,
SMART & SMITH.
represents.
1 have been instructed to convey to you in the House a resolution to the effect that Her Majesty's high appreciation of the
a fixed and definite line of action should h yslty and patriotism thus displayed
cf tpe which, following the preference granted under the present tariff to articles of British manufacture, has had the ha; modifies of the Northwest and Western f leet effect in cementing and intensifying
States, with a view of directing the same ri:e cordisi relations subsisting between
Cat a at the M ither ( mntiy.	|
A bill will be submitted fur
Mr. lîennett, M. P., intends moving
OTTAWA.
Eggs per dozen, '£\ to . Butter in pail. (1 >t quality * -Mutter in print». to 27v. Cheese per II».. \2 to We,
Beef per lm II»., A't.on to $»V Lamb per Ik. ti to Mutton pel îb„ li t Veal pvrîk, l to <•
Pork, heavy, fcà.io.
Pork, light , $0.0».
Live hogs, >elvvt S4.t>\
Live hogx heavy. IS:
Hide> per loo. t » S'
(hit" per hu"hvl. JU to % » Potatoes per log. P-V.
H. B. ELLIOTT.
President Lily < \ & B. (
FRESH and CURED
M in ville P. O.. Que
be undertaken on the question transportation of grain and other c n
eux
t
i tneng
MEATS
DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
Business
Booms
Notice 1» hereby given t liât the part?» r ship heretofore subsisting Iwt ween the un dersigned, < am ing on business in the vit lage of Miaxx ville, as lumU r roanuf i • turei-s under the name and style of “ Kl-lii't* & Bit? nvt\ lui* keen dissolved l»v tun-f inii consent. All debts owing tothe said ite firm are to be paid to the uivlersighe 1 ¦hdin Elliott, by whom also, all
against the sane will be settled.
Dhtml at Shaw ville this Oth day of .1 try. I Pith	J
towards Canadian channels
N
your approval making provision for the cost of
Several municipalities in Ontario lias equipping and paying the Canadian con
tmgeuia.
, . .	, ,	.	Th< a eaiurea whie’i l.aw ’ een taken
are obtaining vastly better reau.ta from from time tu time to facilitate ti.e safe having the work performed under the transportation c>f foodstuffs to European supervision of practical r ad-builders. It mu: nets l ave resulted in a large increase
general throughout tnat 1 rovmce. 4 It is necessary in the interest of this very
to be hoped old Quebec will catch on to portant branch of industry to require
the idea.	m< re careful inspect! m than has hither-
to been cuati mary tor the purpose of
.	. .	maintaining that high standard of excel»
Tno newspaper defenders of the provm- lence heretofore secured and which is racial Government have got down to ex- j aolutely indispensable if the people of
Canada are to increase their large and profitable trade with other countries in these commodities.
I am glad to observe that the returns
of all kinds at
THE SHAWVILLE
IVjeat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
abolished the statute labor system, and
via
>TOIiI
Parkman
(Signed.> J. (?. KU.l, r,
W.V. !t XHB' :
ini
Witness. <4. W. Dai.i.
NoTL All parties indebt
firm of Elliott & Barber
Agents
! à oil Mei
vents of the Nine
a
Mil
to the lato : n i equesie i upon or before the 1st day of March
10‘Xt.
ome to fully nd. Moderate
<•11:., i
All the great battles are <lescri1 the greatest men of the world. i“iis walks of life are introduced great event which has changed nmps and shaped the destinies lions is detailed in glowing language the progress of nation*, the rise end fa I of kings ; all the greatest and discoveries in the marvellous panorama of the century are here presented. It is a wunderfill review of the most remarkable one hundred years in 1 all the annals of the world. 1 tional inducements foi Bit vnm (Jaimiktson (
Proprietor
in v.tr-: even
!
Lumber
Cl. ELLIOTT
plaining that Mr. Marchand s manage
r n
II
TO WROM IT MAY CONCERN:
imputation « ! y oui vu». *I> right along
ment <f the finances is not betUr than that v.f h is predecessors, because tilings hap-4
pened to prevent it. This simply lets Mr. from the Post Office Department afford
Marchand down to the level of d-ung as Kotd ground for believing that the temporary h as t i rv ue. caused in letter postage, will speedily be made good by the increased correspondence consequent thereon.
Sawing !
met
in vet
.1
eet
well as he can be expected, which is where his political opponents place him. Mr. Marchand gets all that is his due when lie is given credit for doing abvut as well as the men he replaced. That he is doing as well as he promised is not the fact.— Montreal Star.
Will
Gentlemen :
-C
cep
> Inform the public that I will <1
I
agent*
"Hr
Having bought out the Tailoring l'U*i;ie>s of Mr. Charle- Frame, I l**g leave to state that 1 am prepared and in a position to give every satisfaction ios»* who may entrust me with
Our stock will always be found fresh, up-to-date and well assorted.
Negotiations are now in progress with several cf t ur sister colonies in the W est ludiitt which i: is hoped may result creasing and developing our trade with those islands and possibly with certain portions of the adjacent continent of
Limite i>. Drain fold, i >n
CUSTOM SAWING
Agents
v rich anti gulden harvest f \uu. The war in South Africa is the
Mnodiest <*f the century. fc._
only Canadian 1 look ; by Castell H kin*	Halstead : the
It gives me great pleasure to observe uized historical that, in pursuance < f the policy which was defined at the last session of Parliament, a careful devised body of regulation . G. T. Fulford, (of Pink Pil's I tione has been adopted applicable to all fame) Brock ville.	1 railways and public wuiks within the
Hon. Joseph Sheliyn, M. L A.,of(/ue I f^dcral jurisdiction making adequate pro-1 cnmmeiivv work, bee, to succeed the late Hon. E J. Price. | vmj‘n ,lor l|ie samtary protection and Riui.iæy-U vrketson Vo„ I.imitki.,
medical care of workingmen.	Bmntford. Ont.
«	ïsissàsÈiSs	*w ; Abram
a view to shortening the route between I complicated subjects. You will be invit- !u!!anza f!’1 W"ts. Big cheap Book. ! TUT f'h XT m TT Q North Bay and Montreal, and we ventur- ' ed to consider whether the provincial lei;- m,vs ."n s'^lt*1 hit tit five to canvassers. 11V1 VJ 11 Ji lljj ed the remark at thesame time that such la^aB°n this matter may not be usefully m ',NS< 1,11 ^ 1 hL,SH|Xu ( omi'any.
r ...... „,hi„ ,h, ............................................................
human probability. It has since trans buna! for assisting in the aettlement of T0 PROHIBIT BONUSING pired that the C. P. R. has decided upon such quistions.
mm&m.................................
l*rgU increase in traffic which will natur* I 8ucce8s ^hich has attended the ill >rts of this int*: ally accrue to the road as the result of
in in
i
at the rale of
$2 per 1000 feet, Cash.
SHINGLES
cut at 80c. per 1000.
and I SATISFACTION GUARANTEED.
JOHN J. McCLEART, A HINT
SHAWVILLE.	I1" 1
Tanunay -1. 100u,	^ ~ ~ ~ *
t
XX c have the
an order,
I
ôiLAv> YOUflG. My Motto :
The vacancies that have so long existed South America
reevg Our re
présentâtives m South Xfvica and L«»n don supply direct new > and picture battle
in the Senate were filled a day or two be fore Parliament assembled by the follow appointments: —
war write!"
Prompt attention to business. No disappointment" to patron*.
It is authentic gives information Canadians Fverybody buys
scenes
My Determination :
wan
Nuw i' the time t
To turn out n cln*s of work that will bvtl
son with tlie very best : a da.*» of work that by it" stylish and fash Wnulde appearance, will draw the
attention of everyone, mid the continued patronage of those who entrust me with their first order.
Leave your Measure next.
successful com pari
Hon. Finley Young, ex Speaker of the Manitoba Legislature, to succeed the late Hon. John Southerland.
^<-Tc ths Wise!
PARLIAMENT MEETS
secure
WK SELL XYH.V
i:\ eh yum:
XV a N Ts
The Cheapest, Best and Most Reliable STOVE in town.
Tin and Agateware
J. W. COipA, TV LOR
(Mi Arthur's building. Main St
X Large Slot !
For
GOODS WELL BOUGHT ARE HALF SOLD
) " on Imnd
i
In view of tlie approaching session of the Dominion Parliament. Tm: Gazkttk will be sent to new subscribers daily for Three months for One Dollar.
HIGHEST I'RICE FA ID
To buy well, watch the latest prices and in* formation in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadien Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Matai Marchant The Dry Goads Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
m.	— Rampi»* free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
for Calfskin*, s
Pelt
RICHARD WHITE, «Jan. Dir
DALE BROS., SHAWVILLE.
•I
GAZKTTE PRINTING CO Month k a L.
EHEïrEEiiilliÜjSBïSi
c-p.„yl.	:“x,'crisis r zz ""	^ » « «•
and this can only be done by double voted to the repatriation of Canadians One of the best utterances durit g ti e tracking its road or materially shortening **,ü in Ie?e. prosperous times have left debate proceeded from Dr. Cotton, mem the mute between the points of receipts ! Y" u : , tl, , V v ea,Ctl J°. lear|iI ber for Missiequoi. Eg took the ground,
, ;t;~ 2 222 £BaE5S~38HAWmL* * 'QUK Choice Confecti™
eary to avoid congestion of traffic. In ,,een giving its attention to the subject ! a right to employ their funds ns’thev either case the Pontiac route offers the I f ^	if	thought proper, especially as the guaran-
up through the county and span the Ot- ceive at your hands the earnest considéra- ed to be voiced by Mr. R Biekerdike who taws at Ferguson • Point, or a new link tlon w 110 1 11,0 ,mPor{ance cf the subject favored a compromise in the direction of
œ	zxzuV at I	-
I\S
Call am punlmsir.^
mv
In* fort'
CEO. HYNES,
FURNITURE DEALER AND D. WILSON S, IE
UNDERTAKER	(PROMPTLY SECUREDl
“ • *» » ! • i ? I • 1	I
purpose
m
PATENTS
Write for our interest in* books " Invent; or*s Help * ond “How you are swindled. Mend us a rough sketch or model of vvur invention or Improvement and we will tell you free our opinion w to whether it is probably patentable. Wo make ;i specialty of applications rejected in other haml*. Highest references furnished.
MARION & MAHON
PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
Civil A Mi*chanluil Fnginrers, Graduate* of tbe Pul y technic* Hchool of Knglnecilog, Bachelor* I» App.led Science*. Laval Vnlrersltf, Member* Fatent Law A«*oclatlon, American Water Work* Aâsoclatton, Hew Knglaml Water Work* A**oo. 1‘, U Smvcyor* Association, Assoc Member Can. Society of Civil Knglneer*.
MW YOKX LIFE 110*0 . MMTKâL OA*. ATUNT.T BUIL0IMC.. WASHINGTON, D O.
eiy,
it
Groceries, Fruit, (in season)
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to s»ult all classes.
a
\LS
IN UNDERTAKING
Fresh Oysters,
S M
Customers promptly treated.
I also keep n complete stock of I* une ral Furnishing*, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designer!. All call* receive personal attendance. Open day and nigh*
ei
wed.
and courteously
rep*-
OFFICES
###PAGE###5###
-»
THE EQUITY,
JAN. HOPE A Co.
XIANUFACmtlXO 9TATIONER8.DOOKSEL y* *•**•. Bookbinder» Prln'.er*, etc. Depository rtne OtUwe Auxiliary UlbleSouiety,Ottawa, Ont. I
G. F. HODGINS’ January 1900
FEBRUARY
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local InteroiU.
t
PVBLHliKD EVKRY THURSDAY
AT RHAWVILLK, Co. PONTIAC, $UB$CRIPTION-$1.QO a year in advance.
-*4r No peppr Itoppetl uotll all arrearage* e paid, unless l>y special arrangement with ubllsher.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L
NOTARY PVBLÎ \ NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE loan and HAYINGS
CO.,OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO 1.0A\ ON MANY TKR>A.
BRYSON, -
NN ill be in Shaw ville on Tueadny ol evei w ni
QUE.
f 9
Out of A CAf| LOT of the
MOST BEAUTIFULLY DESIGNED CUTTERS
Stock-Taking Sale
QUE.
:o:
ADVERTISING RATES ;
Legal advertising, eight rents per line for first Insertion and four rents per line fur each subsequent insertion.
Business card* not exceeding one Inch Inserted at gl.OU per year.
Loral announcement* Inserted at the rate of five cents per Hue for first Insertion and three cent# for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or
s&iwffi	—
Advertisements received without tnstruc-fions accomranjing them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
BJfth, msrrtage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per Hue.	7
\ «
R. MITCHELL,
Ever brought to this County
Only ^ were left to tell the tale.
33= Others are coining in to replace them.
BAILIFF OK THE SUPERIOR COURT.
for the District of Pont he. Oit! ce, Main Ht SoawvlHe.
Accounts collected and prompt returns made.
Is now running in full blast !

SWEEPING REDUCTIONS
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
84 Nepean St., Ottawa, Ont
• t
IN EVERY DEPARTMENT !
What’s in a Name?
Tht‘ man who iloc< or <lw t m nmy find in the Iht hr! in lii-s neighbor may
— k
I 1
) Ml
LQBiicr of All Kinds Bonibt and Sold
Hometiiiiu
JOB PRINTING.
Wi\\\f ;
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commission Business a Specialty.
Sleighs, Sloops, (factory and hand made);
Harness, Bells, Boots, Brushes, Bandages, Blankets, Bits, Robes, Cushions, Collars.
Plows, Disc Harrows, Seeders, Rollers, Cultivators, Mowers, Rakes, Tedders, Hay Forks and Slings, Washers, Wringers, Daisy & Buttercup Churns,
J. W. Mann Giant and Champion Seeder, Coulthard & Scott and Frost & Wood Macljiqer/.
Wartman & Ward’s Provender Grinders and
Pulpers on hand.
and Sewing Machine Oil
A Great Deal when once Established,
OUR REPUTATION FOR
High-class Dress Goods, Clothing, Men’s Furnishings, Boots and Shoes is well established, and we will strive to keep it so by square deal. . . ing and good, honest dealing. . . .
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.
Business Cards.
IU.mu;x« ks «y ViutsmwuN :
Genii Murphy, Pie*. Ottvwa Tran»] - rt I W* Avery,, Hull Lumber Co.
». T. shirrin', E. II. Eddy Co.
Lntvhford St MrUmigall, Bnrrlstvi *. John Honey & Hon».
U X. Hat, & Son.

MEDICAL.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B.^., M.0..C.M.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
GRADUATE OF MilvlLL VXIVKR8ITY,’
Qllive Re*ldenrt' of the late Ur. II. II ^Knox, Shaw ville.
Our Fresh, Consignment of
English & Canadian Prints
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D, C. M,
The spot spot fur -
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Ornes axd Reiirexce : J. II Armvtrox.A Hut>e,
MAIN STREET • • SHAWVÎLI.E.
Machinery, Paint
A Fashion arm: Haïr Cut, Good Shampoo, or
is here for inspection.
A Clean Shave.
All catchy patterns, heavy Cloth and guaranteed fast colors. Now is the time to buy Prints and have made up for Spring.

3
Your Turn next.
LEGAL.
T

/
Here We Are !
ZV PPLICAriON will In- made by tho
I P«'iitiac Pacific .function flaihv ,y i ompaiiv to the Parliament of Citnad.-i its next session, for an Act authorizing it to construct and operate a railway ft near Quyon or Sim\vville to Pem-
I broke, and to construct branches of its I railway not exceeding thirty miles.
A. KERGl'SOX,
!	Solicitor for the <
Dated , tii December, J<S!)9,
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L L L
1
!
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
This is Pontiac’s Cheapest Grocery H
f
ouse.
In Groceries we pride ourselves on handling only best brands -clean and fresh-and at
the most moderate prices.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
will visit Shaw ville every Monday.
i, at
and
ota

JEWELLER
at or
?
m
WM. GAMBLE,
% S
rv
BARRISTER, Ac
159 Main Street,..........Hill.
At Bhawvtlle, second ami fourth Thursday
of each month.
tfllce—over G. F. Hodgln»' Store, Main St.
L
WATCHES,
CLOCK'.
jewellery.
silverware
il* . & *

&
•t
HY i >i P Klon: < ';uu vil Per
IP
i ice Oil-up, British <
Corn and Tomat
• ¦ ¦ -	i P	_ ,
i l urkey, Finest Black

mjiany.

rfju
s
Evaporated Apples, and Fre-h Fig* from
» ‘Pure Spices and Coffee.
R*s,
m
K
I TT^E demande sera ad lessee au parle 1 mint du Canada, ii sa prochaine par la < ompagnie de chemin du i> . I on Mac et •Jonction du Pacifique, afin ' ' htenir un acte 1 autorisant il const ru i: e et exploiter un chemin de fei partant d o
pr. s de (^iiyon ou Shaiwille et
jusqu à Peiohroke, et construire des embranchements full excédant pas trente milles.
A. FKRGl SON, Solliciteur de la C
1899.
. : wæ
A" r-t G.
3
v n»
1 Japan T

» «
eu*
Rêva
i» T k

iurrVi FISH : Salmon Trout, Green & Boneless Cod, No, Labrador Herrings.
SHAÏÏILLEJ p s.-Balance ofFURScheaper than ever.
session,
\ >
artiii r McConnell.
TTOHNEY AT LAW, Main St. Hull,
Q,uc, will, a t request, attend a! leourts i 11 he district. A ileorrespomleuci prompt-
WH^beats'hawTllltflritTbundajruf.aeb District Bnti COUMtPy.

A
i
Always ahead for
LOWEST PRICES,* BICCEST ASSORTMENT BEST GOODS, in
G. F. HODGINS.

« Iv
fur
,h| ifl
ciienuii
uiniAMv The Ministerial Association and the G EOe Ce W RICH I y Christian Endeavor Cniun of Ottawa, aie
g< ing t" join hands in an rt ; top* Miss Galbraith,. f RenfrW, press prize lighting in the city.

mpagniu.
¦¦¦	was visit*
[ ing at Mr. VY, ( uthbertson's last week.
Mr. Richard Black, of Stafford, visiting friends in this locality last Miss Katie Reid, of Billerica visited at Mrs. McCcaig’s Tuesday.
Mr. and Mrs Robt Alliscn are visiting Fears are expressed that the Turks are friends in Renfrew this week.	(
panning another massacre of the Chile- Mr. NX. Young and Mr. Hem y went to ;
tians in the interior «*,f Tut key.	the concert at Renfrew Thursday night, i I' 2 —Mr. P. Fiaherty, who has been
Clerk ofthe District Magistrates* Court. \ trio cf counterfeiters, who have been ,	^ "g bee at Mrs. A. McKil- ; veJ(li!.	health.
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds. Hooding Canada with spurious bank notes " p1 huinday.	' !#«*.	^ drawing his oats to Per.
Mortgage#, etc., executed legally ami satis ilave ueen urr flll i	, I Junior says there is to be another wed- le> 8 depot, and finds the roads up there
SHAWVILLE .... QUE. “>' S ~ """	<" * —	_
Mr. t . Davn is still out on the school 011 hand a fine rang» question, yet we are living in hopes the school will be on the lower line.
Mr. A. Beattie arrived home from NX*
I St. Stephens Church met at Mrs Ben jamin Judd § on Thursday afternoon. One of ourhonoraUe gentlemen, despite the name uf the society, persists in attending.
2.	Snowflake.
Daté !
~ A*
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,
•• Hull, Que,
ui>ref
230 Main St
was
The first detachment of Strathoona1»
(Old Registry Office, orr-osite Court House.) ! Horse will arrive in Ottawa about the 20th
Law business in D.strict'ot Pontiac attend- ( f the month. It will require about two ed tu.	weeks to outfit the force.

STOVES,
TINWARE,
AGATEWARE, PIPES, &c.
wee*.
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
SASH and
DOOR
t
ANNESLEY NOTES.
W. W. IRELAND,
—ALL KINDS OF —
Interior & Eiierior
m
George T. Fulford, Brock ni le, the pro
r>AILIFF OF THE 8VPERI0R COT’KITTv ?,l.Vr (’f pht\ V>°h Z°T^ Kn0Wn “ 1>r* 13 dbawvllle. Que., respectfully solicits "ilhams 1 ink 1 ills, spent in 18!>8 with
ci rarement Mo ran y business iu connection in a few thousands of one million dollars with all CourtsIn the County, Collections m ideandp’-omptreturusassured
of all kinds of
FINISH FOR
Bowes & Verandahs '
M A N V FA CT VP. ED.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
VICTORIA
Cook Stoves, Box Stoves, Parlor Stoves,
_	! Eyss6*r ü"v^ i *•*' "
lluaa'largJ aseLaUVer:',er	A e'eigh InedVf young people went ever : i|îw^lnhere 1 ,hort lime ng0 tv reti je
Mi*a sîeven'tuar'hev of No. 1”, visited ' Mr- Jsmes. Murdock, Bristol, has
sere attack of.mining fever.
Mr. James Filbin has gone to Sturgeon
Falls and his absence is regretted here
' , abouts.
arren

POORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, . 4 .

At price?- running from
GENERAL.
Kent i
u kiA*rk an*l made î
2 50 up
Mr. Thos. Murray, of Pembroke, ha	¦¦¦¦
arranged with the executors , f Hie late 3t J« Wilson’s Saturday ai d Sunday.
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County Wm. Murray to offer for sale by auction I M #* L'z/.'e Thrune, who haa been visit
and wUNfi^ti^y manner^ uôod"ofanloles °n ^ob* 21st< moet,y al1 Hie valuable a?- *nK Mr. J. J. Hodgina' left cn Sunday
was assured by McLeod Stewart that by	Feb. 5.—The separate school here w:is	ou.r corner, it is hoped they will do some*
foiirf	Slmwillp	n(,xl Ju,y n thousand men would be work-	nearly burnt down on Saturday, the	thing to have a new school put up beforfc
i	u »	me,	(ng on the Ottawa canal m the v ici ml y of	! structure l^eing damage* 1 to tlie extent of	thu old one tumbles down.
No 216.	Am prior. The company will, he says,	$.‘100 or $400. "	Mr. J. Murray is still in the native herb
Meets the 4th Wednes build an elevator here. Mr. Stewart is Mr. Thos. MeCurmac, formerly of All- business.
day of every mouth, desirous of having a big delegation wait , trim, is erecting a large building on a lot	Annie Kehce has returned to her
Court dues must be paid upon the Government again to urge the : purchased from Mr. John Sullivan, which school.
promptly every mouth, claims of this scheme for support.—Aru- will be used as a general store.	Mr. James Major is lumbering êome-
Vislting brethren cor- prior Chronicle.	I Dr. McPhee’s residence is nearly com- what extensively.
.....* mmmrn
WBÊËmm
a	' mill will also be running soon.
a
LV 'IBCK DRESSED AT P0PCLABPRICE8.
J. J. TURNER,
«

Note that :
MrCIiEDIE & HODGINS.
«î *< This i- t /.•	i get t ht
BIGGEST PRICE f<«i youi Estimates famished. Hidss and Pelt», as we ship direct to the large dealers.
C. E. WAINMAN,
SHAWVILLE.
FHE BULL ELECTRIC CO.
, t
llî
m,
Car* run a
» f
nier val» of twenty minutes U rhe morning and fifteen minutes in ;he after u'Von. daily, Sundays included.
k 4

ne
-p H E
PORTAGE DU FORT
Close connections are made with all Caaa-£,âP. P^eiflc and Gatineau Valley trains at HUil and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled
L.B.C.
Roller Mill
J. A. Cowan, ILS.
H. S. Barnett, F.5
Broil Hon us, C. R.
W. R. TAYLOR,
Sec.-Treas.
YARM.
HOTELS.
*• eb. 5.—As my old friend Wild»
Claire has gone northeast for a short season, I must act reporter in her stead.
Mr. H. Richardson, who has been en*
; gaged at Mr. Lawrences saw mil! for some weeks pts\ is home.
Mias Maggie Wall is the guest of Mrs. ü. B. Hudgins at present, and I am sorry to add is laid up with lagnppe.
Mr. W. B. Hudgins is rushing wood into Shawville these times.
We were visited by a terrific wind storm
1'i.dey, wl mad# the roads almost | *'rl Farmers favoring thi> Mill with tlieii
the
Quite a number of teams laden with supplies for Gillies' Bros.' shintbs
f * t
4^4
St. Lawrence Hall

••• ALL
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
e
•••
f
Stevens Rifles
nr
•f
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. 'Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
%
le gn->t

Lindsay, Ont., Feb. 2.—A shocking accident occuned early yesterday morning at Kennedy & Nicholls' camp, about four
miles south wist of Omemee, the victim	_	,	, ,,
being being Albeit Duftie, well known in	Timt?s are rather	dud around here
this town. It appears that the young man	tu , ® absence of the young
W..6 driving a team, and having taken on w vJ?. *‘ave lift for ti e woods, a load of cedar logs, was just atout to , ® ard very gn ,d although most start eff when the binder pole broke, !	teams are away at present
p|HpBE SS «S.:;- •
CORRESPONDENCE.
Mis. Balia Lummi, I,„ returned home C. Hodgm. of th.. p .0...
after .pending a few week, with friends in ™e. P",1‘*M,er ' P»«P *« very ill .Montreal	yesterday, but a cure has been efleeted
Mr.. Kenney, of	Campbell , Bsy, is	at	V	jf.ind*«d Cereful	trelt,,,ent*	,	,
Feb. •St Messrs. W. Orr, It. Bussell,	preset visiting her	mother, Mrs. John	Mr*	Dlv«	Djgg	"	nursing	.	sore	hand
E. Thompson and M. Sullivan left this Uodgins cf this place.	these days.
g for Crow river with loads for the Mrs. W. Schwartz passed through here c Mr‘ *Tn S,ncIair 16 lhe S^st of Mrs. Bros.	yesterday on her way to Renfrew.	s,lIU ' *lns‘	Ron.
Miss Alice Smiley was the guest of Miss Eva Hodglns on Saturday and Sunday.
“ The Ladies Aid " in connection with
First Quality Flour.	SOLID,
ACCURATE,
GREER MOUNT.
row
men,
PQNTIAG HOU3f

custom may rely on gt
ng full retreatment in
*


-k
turn* MitIfrft't

Fi’om the
»veA r
are
Ie*


$6.oo “ Favorite” to our most expensive‘•Ideal.”
JOSEPH BROWN,

*
IV
Proprietor.
• The - IDEAL " Ko. 44 is a fine rifle. ; JONS OF OCR LEADERS,price only$10. ! « We guy .alee it in every respect. Noth' | in g cheap about it but the price.
Made regularly In .22, .25 and .32 cal-’Are rim-flre. .23-20 STEVENS, .32-40. .4*4.33 and. 4 4-40 cenler-lre.
IN SPECIAL SIZES, S 12.00,
•SfxV stamp fer complet* Catalog mud
Hand Book.
FOR SALE:

I
A quantity of
Boards,	;
Laths and Shingles. 1'
I v#
BRISTOL.
i
moroin
Gillies
Miss A. McCuaig's horse ra away on the Calumet road and broke the shafts of the cutter. Miss McCuaig escaped unhurt.
To PATENT Good Ideas
may be secured by our aid. Address,
THE PATENT RECORD. *

mm
J. STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL 61,
SHAWV.LLE, P.Q.
C. CALDWELL
p 0 8 < 1371.
CHICOPEE FALLS. MASS,
Mayor Perfonuine has been re-elected for M
... psopaierot
• #









###PAGE###6###
UNLIKE any other
WHO HIDES UIS TIME.
Lovimr word» will ooat but little, Who bides bis time, and day by day Journeying up the hill of life ;	Face» defeat full patiently,
Hat they make the weak and weary And l ft» a mirtluul roundel «y.
Stronger braver for the »tr fe.	However poor his fortunes lA
Du you count them only trifles?	H will not fall in «ny qiialm
What to earth are acs t.iu ramf Of poverty—the paltry dime
kind word wasted.	It will grow golden In his palm
wnd in vain.	Who bides his time.
LOVING WORDS
jÜLLfi ^-oItrv
Perfect
Health
Never was a Never was one
That every citizen of Canada could read this advertisement. Fortune knocks at every man’s
WE DESIRE
When the cares of life are many,
And its burdens heavy grow,
Thmk on weak ones Nose bejlide you— If you love them, tell them so. What you count of little value,
IIis an almost magic power,
And. beneath their cheering sunshine, •
Hearts will blossom like a flower.
All

can be yours.
Mo.
we show
<3
Hello. Jerry ; got your new flat nil
filled ui-f Not quite Say do you know where 1 can lind a folding
tooth brush f
turn

$$
Do not try experiments with your
It von are not well use only
*
medicine known to cure
iieccs
te
So as up life's hill we journey,
Let us matter all the way,
Kindly words, for they are sunshine
In the dirk and cloudy day.
loving word or actum.
health
IH
Dr.
#
a
THE best he could
me°nt,t0.raid ‘?h“ pfiud I i I " ! a n!Js‘he
j understand, ‘aaidThe ma:Ie*" of-fact chairman. WeTe not blamin you. 'iou did thô best you could.	; |
Deafness Cannot he Cured
V ÏÏS.YSÜSsa.".îü --------
mmm
cltcnlnM, CHItNeY * 00, Toledo. 0.	#hMp„, ,nd »..t c»v.rlng In theWeeld.
The SWISS-AMERICAN CO., Windsor, Ont., Canida
(îi ml te' ne
\s along < h rough 1 fe you go, There are weary ones around you— If you love them, tell them so.
EBEEvEE

Williams’ Fink Fills are not an expen-
,V
rhev have cured thousands of
ment
people, who had tried common
Some of the cured are in your own neighborhood.
Cured
medicines and failed to find
m
Complexion
or thk
HKiN AND
TRH1A'rr,™w^V„AKT
Bt, W , Toroute. _
Blemishes
lie ,1th
-e»8*i
w,U find it io their great advantage to use these pills.


A GOOD TIME
f
nervousness fatigue me. do .it p>esent there are many—
Two little Lo -Ion girls who had sent to have a happy day m 'he
their expertvmes
bee i
..... c,,u 11 v n irrat nt
co.	----------------lt) oTTAW^ VALLEY
buried
There
to be had from ordinary wells
sweetish laa.e about it, but it flavor of sulphur, and
“ ' —"•jrr—. ~.t - »
Covering
W,W.W.W.ViWW.VA ,V.\.V.WV.Vrf.WW.».
g
PIPI AND , BOILER
^"yîcA'BoiuB COVERING CO., limited,
Mica
I
IS liU
Reuben Draper, of Bristol, P. 0.,
that He is Cured of
Agricultural 11	......
&	5; not easily be explained, buu that a
mWK'WmmmMMmfWnNMK 6Upp,y o£ water cau be contained in a
--	tree is not so surprising. 1 In* fact or
its flowing is the wonderful feature,
.estiez: :: BSS
the laying qu ility of the flock can be ^ co<|sidertid that the tre.s furnish
soma in- NN il in the dry season, and » bat
rule pullets the ground is literally baked, it is ‘he
remarkable, esp.*oi illy when the of the trees do 1 ot extend to great depth into the ground.
A PROLONGED ADDRESS.
wife talk until she gets
Reports
Gravel by Dodd’s Kidney
Pills.
The Canadian Heine Safety
BOILER
Does your
¦srijs'uik. *“
Torvoio, lieoiriwl
plenty of winter eggs
Pain'd * lira' *!«»• °*« w,ek
iiodd's lilndey nile-
MONTllAt MOTEL ptyOTOR^ , p
The^Balmoral," Free Bus
La SPSt e,-rr:
"EagEE'giSSS
Si;	kb
SZZ55	ssssar
11 IBM
%.rz „!T .... i.a»	ta«.w.CMliW* Jjawptt	——1
at its best, and it will more N e Pi u shc has l.e -n rapivly mend- I could have married.	uhtoW'flSoSIrELLà So.. rim*-
MlWor all the trouble you | ¦ hvr appetite	returned, she^g^^—1 ¦¦
sleeps well her nerves are stronger, I T08Cana and her heart gained strength so that it is able to fulfill its functions. Prior to taking Dr. Ward’s Pills she had
Nerve Pills are certainly the only won t medicine that has done any good. Before taking them she was getting weaker. 1er heart and nerves losing strength daily. Since she had began taking them she h is daily and con. tinuously gain?<i health in! > rength,
* CLARA ELLIOTT,
3)Coll go street,
Peterborough, Ont,
Engineers

4omin<'Bring
sum es
Asbestos Goods, P pe Cover n*. Luurlo .tln» U If,
v 0> \V '«V**
I	W** >5
lompletcly Krer From THU
ll.roiumred* IMd'i
%o »
Tron hlv kidney rill* to All *etr. re re
From Itlndder templnlnts.
1
A-****
Esplanade, Toronto
Opp. Sherbourns It.,
greatly increased and in stances doubled
WM. SUTTON COMPOUND 00
L mited.
TORONTO
pm
As a
ere much belter thin old hens, and more Its a rare case for hens to produce more eggs than their daughters. 1 used to think that the earlier I could hatch chicks the inure chances 1 had In having winter layers learned from experience and May are the mouths to get out the birds that will help to fill the nests with nice eggs, when they are in great
Igh Class Water Tube Steam Boilers, for All Pressures, Duties and Fuel.
DESCRIPTIVE catalogue
Toronto Electric U|ht Oo Limltod. The T Eaton Co., lomitod Th# Mm*1} llârfU Vu •
The (lutte I'er, he HuhherA Mf| Ok The Wileon Pubhst.lus Oo., Looitok
V


runts
any ,
on
si. james' iim-agfi'SSJ
MAIL
Dominion Line
8T1AM4HIM
gfSND FOR
to Liverpool, vis Mall##**
Vancouver
Portland, Me Large
MS (
but have that April
and last Steamers Dominion, Cambroman
dav iv tokkanve
Oh. George, how cold your nose U
w r t loos
'à
demand
WE ARE OFFERING
TO INVESTORS
»
ari;e dividends, also an m ,thly mutai menta, dr-wine Parties wanting safe a d l cui respond with the I ur-1,to i money loaned oe
.ted lo unrepreeeuied dia
IIIUI
V,
buu
i. -t~
6
\
m
bed
Odorless
A
l
%
/



%
LAW

u
tit
)
X
l
o

%

a
K
H
.
cl
>
I Li
T
E
i
<p
A TORONTO MERCHANT

V
U
U
Bears Important News to His Fellow Citizens.
Closet.
Toronto, Jan. 5.—Here in * ,ef,<,r
of our readers will
Have
t.ii
it
price is than pay you have taken.
'	j
t
Angie r’s Petroleum Emulsion
i
•m
sim
Ui
Dolly—Could anyone be worse than who will be spoony in spite of
l’olly—Yes; one who
I
GOOD WATER FROM TREES
jjTDLIll
»
i
i
In many sections of the forest lauds of the South during the dry seasons
alk for miles without find, of water or a spring I y
If, how.
a
the most nutritious.
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA


man m iy w
FOR OVER FIFTY YEAR»
mssrn
lug a stream
which to quench his thirst ever, he is an experienced hunter and woodsman, he will not have to drink from the stagnant pools in
A most efficient substitute for cod-liver oil, pleasant to the teste, and agreeing with the most sensitive stomach. Used by physicians In the treatment of all throat and lung troubles, and — il results
count for anything—almost
limit to the good it can do.
SbbpU bottle 6i«iltd to »ny addre» on receipt of te Y	cent* to cover postage.
Angier Chemical Co. u^5î*r»V Toronto
MRS u»r>l bj
water
ordfi t k e.p life in In- bo >
mm?>
Floor Walker-Hurry out, mat...
Mrs. Purchase—
gueer as it may seem, an experienc-
hunt for days, through
Oh' isU^^Then I’ll just wait for the
fire sale.
BREAKFAST-SUPPER
ed man can such dry tracts and yet experience no
account of the lack
IT DID.
Doesn’t it hurt your conscience to those pretty bird wings on your
because they are They are only

m
of water. Na ure has provided a means which is only known to the initiated.
Every old hu itsmnn carries with him,
when going on a long hunt, a small auger, by which he can secure a re. freshing drink an l water to cook with at a: y moment.
A cottonwood tree or a willow is the well which the wily huntsman taps.
He examines each tree until he finds
one that has what a woodsman call.	notM_i have
wear
hat f It does a little, not genuine wings elevei imitations.
XyLst/
Oral vl Lea
no

fit fifi-cn/ £oe/uwn/ cUas w-M? ojJU*'
JÿfrnÏÏ- /iirvs jfumÀ/ ffuw/
y V-	fo	/
'—«H
O'KEEFE’S LÜVow MALT
LWTDW&lSw:' o’KiYi L âO.*T
Two commercial travellers, comiAr»
been out three
<nu*c/ <u\s


A


K


\



M
###PAGE###7###
wfl two stood alone, panting and distressed with our heavy tank. A/ f«w minutes' rest, and then, with draw-hut ket and broom, we labored to cleanse away the blood that besmeared so wide a apace ufi the decks. At this work we toiled for a long time, and when at last we gave over, be-r*uato I was tired out, \>e had only par-<ia ly succeeded in removing the fearful evidence of that greet fight/ By this tin# I was so far m>aelf as to M hungry. The feeling of nausea that had been coming and going, like
linoe I first left the cabin hud left me, nnd I ordered You Sing to get breakfast. Flo set about the job immediately. leaving me seated on the damp hatch wondering what would become of us. Then suddenly it occurred to me for the first time that the ship was entirely left to herself. There was a faint breeze blowing steadily, all sail Iwing set, and the yards canted a couple of points, for what wind existed

Diem'» Foamon

f
*
\OU SING
\
"-'"s y
%e
probably only lack of opportunity But wit h all my keen watching 1 could not yet forecast the upshot of th a awful en minier. Th • muas of bo 1 # seemed
¦v-	» —w «
inybo.ly ; but. aller vanuu*	e«M; while all around I hem, IrnnU-
dlnary altempls to extend the cun cally 0|utchi #t the laboring body
an -rœ-irt
think 01 gelling uny information from ,t ^p^pd	(o an(l comfort her
him as lo the why and wherefore ot |f po„ihlfl 8() r lu"nprt „*ay from the Ik iatr ng dreuma an esund rw im wilviow Rnd lhprp heMnd m« was You
we ha 1 found Inin, ibo kip, p r dit. u Sing, calmly cleaning ihe knives, as g	¦ I
ad promptly to put h.ui to	ilM 1 unmoved by any external occurrence was on the quarter. I rose and went
Steward, belief.ng that he w< ud make u piAce Qf machinery. As i un- ftf< to the wheel, finding that s:,e came ft |00tl ou«. To - hat end he was hand- blocked the window he caught mv eye.	UP nnd f<di off	about three points,
ad over »o me for tuition, much to my and ,he Daculiar|- w|n=ome smile he	so that she was	practically steering
Might, for now 1 full that 1 Khuuld aiwayg wor# for m6 m up< hia solemn herself ,nd making a fairly average hava a companion who was cerium.y faca# FI a lips opcnel and he murmur- 5°ur*9	This was satisfactory so
¦Mi.........................................................................-
ânoa as the one creature that stoou side, f stood for a minute lookingi at	to brmk the dreadful news to her.	(barge	can	certainly	never	be	levied
tween him and the outer daikne.^ her with a Irndernem I had never |>e-	Haw it was to be	done I didn’t know,	against	the	coml atant	branches,	whose
ssffSss.WM»	rr’%m
ill with whom he came In contact, n Ing it, borrowed from her parents, ut- ! ing one word of English. As 1 turned	It is not possible for civilians,
regarded every member of the ship's terly forgotten. Then sof'ly cloa ng the handle of the stateroom door I who have not made a study of military company as In some sort hie saviour, the door I hurried back to the pantry, heard her calling, " Mutter, wo hist matters,
All could command h.m and be would finding You Sing still busily employ- du #'* and in spite of my efforts some Instantly obey ; and although be un- ed.	big tears burst from my eyes. But !
derstood no word of what warn said to Scrambling to the window I ixerert went in and stood by her cot, rack- tiah Army has undergone since Water-blm, he watched so keenly, him desire forrftrd a	jn Be(lj (0 ’ borror,	in«	inv brains for some way	of making	loo, since the Crimea, and particularly
to please was so intense, and bis oa- ^n|y a h	0’f |o,lieg iying «till. 1	ber	understand what had	happened.	gince the Franco-Prussian War.
EHHSSf ;..............................
hie willingnesa often got him into Her- gaaized brain Haw long I stood star- e“ter7‘and ordered me with much < g bert, is the samo stamp of man, bet-
mm mm mmi
But when he w a*.heat en for ineglect and ,ntimatcd to me in the sign lan-	ghe	W(,nt to J Sbe at	last made	Mld now are ftf* different as chalk and
Ing tasks that he had been <	guage we	always employed that he	up	jj6r m nd that I must	be crazy,	cheese. At Waterloo he fought» now
avSSHisH £™St-EE
ylarid equanimity, as if be were a work was now at an end, and, puling Mutter 1 Va ter. Valor!” I followed He even fought in something after this perfectly passionless automaton. > | him fto the window, iwinted out the her carefully, puzzled beyond measure fashion twenty years ago, in the* last Nie exception—myseJf. V hen wi awful heap on the main bâti h. H ‘ to know what to do ; but she fled tte his usually expression!- ss • yes looked, and 1 believe, understood the on dock, up the ladder and on to the would shine, and his yellow face w»*ar aituation, for he turned again to me , poop, still calling with all her voice	J H I
ft peculiarly sweet smile that had nnd patted my face, pointed first to for those who were for ever deaf to tended order."
|ul:e a fascination for me. I found ^ and then to himself, as if to in- her cries
ttyself growing so much attached to timate that upon us two, met a. maa- Of course I dared not pursue her We are cotning to thifl iater on.
,h“ ""”du“	^	»¦	-i.» «» a.™,
lu-h wrath sa it bad never oocurrcd to	in both *d every vacant corner of the ship, An Army Corps consiste of any num-
****
bxd great charms for me. But one Golt, waa>er.. Haati|y moiionlng to | j fe:ir,j {or her life; but presently	fight it takes its orders only from
morning be/?re. .brf , ak8t r _ rriA ^ ou Sing to fetch some water, I tried F saw that this outbreak was the best	him
dread.ully aftrighti-d ,ü h‘‘ar	.	to drug the skipper into a sitting posl-	that could have happened,	for it realtercation on deck, it had	n	J	tion ; but it was too much for my	lieved her poor little brain ;	nnd soon,
been my ill-fortune hitherto	o	strength. The effort, however, was	utterly worn out, she went	off into a
myself the ultimate vi af i u-h ici	< »	appnrently all that was needed to	heavy sleep.
In all cases of trouble, and even to	phake	,he	Iast	fa;nt	breath from his	Then I	hearehed	the	cabin	thorough-1	as it
this day the old feeling of dmad .-tin	body,	for,	with	wide	dilated nostr ls I )y,	with	the	dim	idea	in	my	mind	of
exists—a feeling that whatever row is ond 0i>en mouth he gave his final finding some cause for the mutiny in going on I shall presently bn made ga Then all was still, for all were accordance with my suspicions. Sure to ‘Uffer for it; and thff well r*mem- dead	enough, F had been right, for in var-
bered sensation of sinking at the pit	whole	lilru th.. ver ious hiding-plaoes I came upon such	L
of the stomach comes back, mak ng !	.	. t rf..! A.ntr- treasures as F had never even dreamed regiments of infantry, with ca\a.i)
me for the moment quite ill So, trera-j ^	. *fi hf	if t ¦* of before—coined gold in boxes, in and gUns, and each column times itself
ErEHEHBE 2	J	J
of his watch, who, with inflamed faces dawned uoon me that one mnn, might precjous stones of which 1 had never	sary was shown at Glencoe, when
and fierce gestures, were evidently ¦ 1 J J	he helmsman ; and, rush heard the name. At last I came u|wn	Commandant Meyer arrived with his
possible and therefore this sudden Sinf8 dng-like wistful look after me. ( s ng, who, for the first time in my	A1 a given hour, the columns, each	march	steadily	-forward	I
out 1 rcak was most alarming A swift and ransacked the forecastle and acquaintance with him, showed signs	with a cloud of cavalry and infantry	thirty	yards	or	so	the whistles sound, blade. Over into the trenches ! Aft-
ater>	thp nantrv door and In- »‘',,leY 5 but both were deserted. We ! of horror, and tried hard to induce me ^.a^ered before it, to draw any at- and the volleys crash out; and then er them ! They are giving way 1 The
ptantiv Ï «aw the^skipper rushing for- were <luite aIon**	I to throw the magnificent thing over- Uck aU(J prevent an ambush, arrive Up and on.	^ position Is won!
ward. Without a word he plunged in- This tremendous fact broke in upon board	ai the position. The guns then in- "Advance by alternate half ceropnn- This is the typical attack against
to the midst of the angry four, and me with good effect after the strain	To bpl < ontinued.	aiantly take up points commanding ies 1" is the order as the bullets be- white men of the British Army to-day.
seizing the foremost sen man by the to which I had recently bean subject-	.	the enemy, and open fire, and the gin to "zip” around, and men to pitch A' Waterloo they fought in solid
throat and waist, hurled him crash- ed, for it braced me up to action. Ca l-	main body of the cavalry push out forward in their tracks.	. companies of double ranks. Ft dldn t
Ing against the bulwarks. At the ing upon You Sing to helping l taik-	TRAITS OF BRITISH OFFICERS.	right and left to cover thet flanks and	"Pee-ere-e-e-e-p !” go the whistles,	matter then, because « mmket was
same moment the mate «.prang at an- led the ghastly heap, tugging and	  prepare to pursue in the event of vie-	and alternate sections of the long line	not much good orr»r a hundred yard».
« - ¦sjnr.r — '%.............	.... *..... aw; ass-ts
he stumbled and fell on his knees. A ran down blindingly ; I felt my sinews	•	t. .	,	. a rule, shrapnel-a shell charged with still push on, covered by their com- possible for the rifle fire wh ch can
stifled scream burst from my dry lips crack with my desperate exertions,;	Officers, over and above their legi-	^uilets, timed to explode at any re-	rades’ fire. At thirty yards th» y also	Ion in volleys into his In es with pro-
a.i F f-aw the glint of steel ; the sea- but at last all the bodies? were sep.-tr-	timate business, are constantly en-	qUired distance, and aimed ten feet	drop down and commence firing, while	cislon at a mile and a half.
man attacked had drawn his knife, ated and laid side by side, the raP' gaged in '‘side shows.” When there ———— and as the mate fell the weapon de- tain's wife last of that sad row. Not
ssstr^tss srJ "'ti ± s Ka...... - "... -¦	..	-
right aft, and It remains with mo to- myself of this, F dropped upon the	straight to see the fun. The present	n Kl,raMrngf, ihr «oUlier* to 4rHoliday. The skipper, however, with the crimsoned tarpaulin exhausted, to	commander-in-chief, when on the staff
agility of a porpoise, instantly f ung rack my brains for tome reason whj	jn cauacia, joined Geu. Lee and saw a
himself on the two men, and fought this tudden tragedy shou’d hive been
!£:. s-is ».... «	•» - - •	,,
sini wmm mwm
There was a scream behind me, a ms- tremendous importance must have rc	Kimber lev and Mafek.ntf is the attack, they kept pace to the time hook ^ insures 'the most complete has been so left by the Highlanders
curred to make a body of men fight	hened bv tb«* oresence of a	of their flutes, " their music leading	concentration of the physical and men-1	that they have lost all spirit and dash,
with such fury among themselves that	* « £ Brlli^h officers who have	them into danger cheerful and uncon-	tal powers of the individual on the per-	At the battle of Quebec in 1759 the
not one of them remained alive.	official reason for being there	, , 4	*	.	... Mar formance of the matter in hand. But general complained to a field officer
Bui urgent necessity was aid upon	-it ;idVenture crops up in oeTned ^ great modern soldier, M. - tlle gys(em jja3 heen severely criticiz- of the conduct of a regiment which
me to be up and doing, the first duty Qlher wayg	miiltttiy officer is shal Saxe said: "Sounds have a secret edf nor was it persisted in even in the had been repulsed and had fallen into
that demanded attention b-ing the	moat ' indefatigable sportsman power over us disposing our organs German army. At all events, there is disorder. The reply of the latter was
E~—Mm™
the pair of us triced up one of thebul i( he cannot hunt' the fox he will hunt them.” A writer says :	j character. Our full regimental bands H ghland-rs so much in action ; even
wark ports and dragged the first nf hares, and, at worst, prairie dogs. He '' Modern commanders seem to be in do not as a rule go on active service, nc/w it would lw of use’ ‘Then let
Z zszrdi JteH 7m iir,ïœwvr..'£r.Y.d,.n;,t:	" —-;.rss
kneeling down on the red deck, said goes When Russia annexed Port the regimental band is broken up Lord drufnm6ra and f,iors of the infantry; ,«i effect upon the drooping spirit, the Lord's Prayer and the fina1 Co’lsct	Arthur, she foi tilled it; when England	Wolseley counsels officers to call up-	while the Highbinders seldom lead the	of the men, who at once reformed and
In the Church Service—all I could' them	got Wel-Hai-Wei, she laid out a cricket	on the drums and bugles. 'The troops	van without some of their redoubtable	returned victoriously to the charge.*
remember; while my heathen helper ouch. There will be polo playing at march a hundred per cent, better than pi£e™î'<? che^[ them
K* " ® ÇSs'zHsr £	- « -- SssSt
questioning heartiness all over the supporting the energies of soldiers on occasion. And when the strain rises world.	the maren, and in inspiriting them a% oritioel moment of an engage-


€»«*•
###*
//
rmmQ
CHAI TER II.
/
####$####%
####.* #m##e

s/
SUFF04T6.
	



ever
waves
over me,
#•••••••
••••••
»##.*###

• •••t
Ksirvu


«f**-*"!

>#


tu
tutti
* âVC% AVALIST
^cacm/celm case or otréAt)
CAvALRV
over the enemy's head, eo that in the sections they have left behind trot
bursting the shell hurls a shower of steadily up through the gape. *D<1 ^
It to take up a new position a few yard»
How a Battle
Is Fought.
bullets, down, up, and forward
is delicate work, and only highly ahf ad^gg|g|H|g| ( IBH trained gunners like the British can Men arm dropping fast now, hut as use shrapnel to the full effect. Suo- nub kly as 1 ho? drop the supports send plementing theme are howitzers, which up men in two# end threw at a rnn throw charges of lyddite high solhit to fill the gaps ; and tome of the re-they drop into the midst of the serves, too, sre opening out so 88 t0 enemy's entrenchments.	make as had a target as -possible for
Under cover of this hall of shell, the enemy, and ars coming, creeping which Is «Teaming overhead, the up, line upon line, massing more th k-columns form for attack. Half the ly opposite the point of the,
infantry battalions are told off for wh r« the attack is to be pressed borne.
the firing line, and the rest for the A few battalions are waiting far in reserve. The colonels commanding the rear under cover, almost out of the battalions for the fighting lino in- range, In case things gi v«ry stantly order half companies to the Shrapnel is bursting with deadly ef-front, and these march straight out fret overhead, knocking out ghastly and commence rapidly and silently to gaps, and the rifle fire Is terrific ; but "extend" to single rank, that is to still the firing line goes on in alter-say, the half company, which 1» in nate rushes; f50, 400, 350 yards, them two ranks, commences to open out, the whistles pipe, the line closes up n-
rank mon stepping up into to the gaps, and drops panting, peren-
This opening out ed, and sticky with blood. There Is no process is continued till each man is flm» to take breath. "Fix bayonets'" one, two or four paces from bis neigh- s*nap the xrgpnnts. who crouch >-ei hors, according to orders.	hind the section.; the officers, cool
Each column has been carrying out a, on parade, walk up and down a
yard or two to the rear, dropping
• ol-
Britlshers are accustomed to regard the War Office as the most? conserva-
methods, and loth to change ; but this
to realize the enormous changes In Its methods, which the Bri-
the rear the front rank
Tommy Atkins, as be fought Napo
ter educated, certainly, but still the
this extending movement until the
. LONG, THIN RED LINE
cheery word* among the younger
mmm BmêBÊ
There are hot times coining.
whole of the fighting.
All this work is done as much as possible out of effective rifle range of the enemy, that is to say, beyond tOO yards. When the line is comple e,
Boer war; hence the great mortality Luh^U.TtM"1 Wtrto»ld£ in the ranks. But now it is all "ex-
With
"Magazine ! Independent I fixed eights !" is the order, and the magaz'n* with Its load of reserve cartridges, turned on and each man begins pumping bullets Into any enemy he ran ?ea bobbing over the pits and trenches In front of him.
Tis a hideous crack ing and spluttering, and the Maxim guns of each battalion arc not behindhand In joining In ; but under cover of It all the supports are coming on at a trot and crowding down into the line, nnd behind them the reserves ; till there is scarcely elbow room to raise a rifle. Bayonets are clicked on as the men come up, and the flight of shrapnel over their heads from thr cohering artillery Is ceaseless and appalling. Suddenly thefr own artillery fire cesses. "Pee e-e-e-e-e-pI" go the whistles. The officers draw th^lr Fwnrde and revolvers, and run to the front.
'Commence P*
Two
"slope," march to the attack or three hundred yards behind, the remaining half-companies, in single rank, and also opened out, start in support, each dogging the footaUps of Its other half-company in the firing line. These, are the supports. Six or hundred yards behind these follow the firing line reserves, in closer formation.
The battle has now commenced m earnest, and the enemy's position is about to be attacked. It is a standing rule that to hold a position you require in the firing line three men for every yard it extends ; to attack it, you want two at least, in the initial stages.
The firing line, to the tune of screaming shells, creeps silently on.
There is no shouting of orders. Behind the ha If-companies march the lieutenants. They blow whistles, mak-j a sign, the sergeants repeat it, and
the men move or halt accordingly.	,	.	.	. *	-
At eight hundred yards from the Barbed w re enrang.ements «tretrhofl
enemy, the whistles pipe	I Rom* *«>hteen inches high, add to the
"Volleys! Lying 1 Heady I* order the confusion, and men trip and sprawl sergeants, and down flops each section In heaps - heaps which arc quickly at the word, and the mnn load.	addled by the enemy s riflemen.
"At the enemy in front-at eight Two hundred, ohe hundred, fifty
hundred I" The sights are adjusted, yards and the men wait. 'TTeeent 1” Up hargel go the rifles. "Fire 1" Crash 1 and A j There is a yell from the thousands score and a half bullets go shrieking of throats. The line bounds along towards the enemy. Section after sec -, now, belter skelter ; down come the tion all along the line is crashing out bayonets. Tis a race to see who Is volleys. Then the wh sties pipe again. | first in. Men are shouting, Inugh-"Cease fire,I" order the sergeants ing, cursing, stumbling, but all tear-“Ad—vance I" The man rise up, fcwing ing rm. 21p! The first foe ba« got their rifles on to their shoulders, and it through th* I reast bone
At every Another foe is wriggling on the
What is "extended order f"
seven
"Advance î Double !" is the order; The line swings forward at a steady trot. Men go down In twos and threes; but nobody notices this now, and, besides. It leaves more room fof those who are loft to use the bayonet.
So far, there is little difference between an army now and in Waterloo
time, but the change ia shown as soon
MOVES OUT TO GIVE BATTLE
The army marches to battle Lu parallel columns, each made up of to many
to reach the position at a given min-That this ia absolutely nerea-
Thud!
is anything "on” anywheere within INFLUENCE OF MUSIC IN BATTLE.
when nearly worn out. Count Moltke ment its appeal is absolutely electrical, held the band to he an absolute neces- It is an old story that is often retold, sity to a regiment ; and it was large- Many a piper has been hailed by hie ly owing to his efforts that the tier- comrades as the hero of the fight In
naan military music attained its i»re- th(, jnf[intry chargpd fhe Fre^,.hi . sent perfection. During the earlier seasoned old bagpiper of the 78th High-stages of the Franco-German war the landers posted himself in a solitary parade step of the German army was situation on their flank, sometimes assumed in the supreme mo- aged his comrades with mient of a contest, while the drums Scotch tune, the effect of which was beat and the bands played the regi- literally overwhelming. And in the mental march. Such a display no doubt Peninsular war similar incidents were
They March lo llnegrr 1!«concerned.
All nations from the dawn of history lot of work with the southern army | have recognized- the value of music as
gub(ie and powerful aid to the sol-
and encour-a famous
tie of skijrfs, and out of the cabin rushed the skipper’s wife, with flying hair and outstretched arms. But before rhe was half way to the spot th*re was a swoop as of some huge bird \ ast her, and the second mate, ther youngest officer in the ship and the biggest man, alighted in the fray like» a hun-
the> other
watch of the crew arrive, but they were there and fighting as fiercely as the rest.
Now, the first flush of fear having gone from me, I became interested— somewhat coldly critical, indeed, of 'b'1 various points of the battle,1 finding myself, to the surprise of ct h»'r corner of my brain, siding! with the officers, and hoping they would J* victorious. The surprise of this backwater of thought was probably
flT.v tiger. I did not
see
some
Hiu Golden Wedding—Jonesley —
Coming around to my golden wedd ng
next week? Brownkins, inj gnantlj— Your golden wedding! why, man, you n not thirty-five Jonealey—Ne;
but I’ve captured an helreaa.
J
i


m*
1 4 .«f Mr





###PAGE###8###
msmm
*+e+#+#+#+e$e*ie+e+e+#+

1
NEW
goods.
Our Spring Goods
I
Kaslt is King.
en g<>
© • •
Tarif of Tolls
#

We will sell balance
of our
Proposed to be collected during
Season of 1900 by THE QUINZE RAPIDS IMPROVEMENT COM-FAN'Y, Limited,
For use of Improvements.
< )0000<HKK)O0O0UtXXJ000OU( )
n MV TERMS !!	ARE
o	"
o STRICTLY CAhll. u
OuOOOOOOt>00(>>VKKKXK)000< >
Ihering closely ?otlvsrulv * do watili tunl clovk rviuvi and hell everything in my line .
HOCK BOTTOM PRICES. |
---- #
My work is guaranteed for a Year. |
*
§

o
Winter Suits

U
;

. » <lL • •
\h
0
*
Actual Cost
McGUIRE
V.UilW iM
thousand feet
I
to
i*er
E
1 ’
*
are coming in
EVERY DAY !
Rvd and White Pine. T
Spruce and Hvi '
x. round or
id under M feet long, per tlivusan ' fee*
17 foe
?

t
¦ $
hoard measure
- goods RIO guaranteed a $’s worth for a $ every
time........
Our
H(d and White Vine, Tnnmrnc,
and Hondo k. round feet long tnd up-
THE TAILOR,
Sprue or flatted
U in length, per thousand
I
Flannelettes,
Prints, Ginghams, Ducks, etc.
goodwyn
W ;U
We have new in stock
VI
UI
fl
liv i and Whi v Vhn\ ï--:
1 Hem!
î, pvi thousand
-The Watchmaker-
ARNPRIOR •• •• ONT. ^^^,^^g*6»*4»****c^*»*G»#*e*e**«)tf$»e»***
------- ------------- ! "	WAR NEWS.
hpruci
or wanvv h-oui
#
iH) Cents
u hic feet
Three y«»ung men for *vv* Teacher* or educated men
„„d to. ,h, r..... b..k tt*	. W<m«d
----- jirvfenvd.
Tin: Lis-
FULL LINES OF
It does not seem
c .imtrx'P ¦
(ieneral Duller will make any serious m„vo until th’s advance is well under way unless the straits of LJysmith becomes
|	E5“;:'rr=-:
.....——
il	^^JnSr^:et,,ery'fr n
Wood -ato was ecriouily wounded of cattle, sheep an 1 goats are ua.en 1
-W" = B
U-tÎi*US	- t«.n y0, dy Ktruagle followed throughout the motto. __	___ iar.a o;;euat Uutum March 5. Thoduclt-
BrlKtol	;;	i,,y The Baers c «centrât tog every man	„ T.oeaes	' et issu unusually kng'hy owe. and sever-
ShaweMae	- T.fe iUd gUn on the summit of the hill and at-	Bou t?_	1 al su tous charge, w.u be heatd. Jaet,ue.
m
*-•	isrs&r ss,r	etisfc
ut Lvlvgrey, said his 1 Ilia trial on a ctwrge of incest.
forthoom- arranged on a chaige of indocent as=ault. |	^jj(j jms ])Cen hllilt CXpi’CSsly for tllC farmers’ trtvlo
’	ÜARS/aSZ, «KÜ3 mid in or,1er to get it we are prepare,I to give in exchange
ET uS	FIRST-CLASS FLOOR and LIBERAL RETURNS.
Alfred D«mdui, ut Marchand township,
1 will be arranged on aclmruuof ustault wuh
OTTAWA i GATINEAU M
1\ !.lmiiNv Co*
Battle of Spion Kop
roront
Other Goods expected every day.
L .mtuii, Fob. o.—The Times h^s a despatch from Steikatruvm, V.ipe Colony, reiterating tho n-puit tb it Unu einiaaar-ivs aie disuibutmg leadJta and wviking Unou4hunt lTisutul.md to incite the tribe
tho Lhitish.
D nth to the Boers."
>
NO
1 )TT > OF < AN
u r.so agAtna
Our lady customers will take advantage of these early arrivals and have their sewing done before the bnsy spring comes.
Pontiac Pacific Junction E?
. It a novel auct ' imhke aunah tv hear , f a besieged furco pushing buck the en vniy and actually compelling \ lient to m i ‘ ¦ ¦¦ * i. Mafeking,
i
ivn
Official Time Table :
P. U
I
5.45 iAftve
6(0
Hull Assizes
6.12
«i
6.18
h
6.26
6.37
6.47
6.56
E. HODGINS & SON.
#/'S
7.04
6
7.4
8.00
6 03
6.12
1
6.80
>.47
855 Arrive
Farmers !
P. W. UESSEMAN,
GENER AL SUPER:N TJ N :
Get your milling done at

T
The New Flour Mills.
lïllfi
rl
camps m regu.a
a being made to succor
many s’ill lie on ! »pe<ch to tkeji
is*admitted that m the recent light K île Vv^iueiît at Ladysmith the Boers killed and 00<l wounded.
have refused to return to active service. |.
Among these are some conspicuous
DcivK
Every vti>t U n
the wounded, of w the summit.
the losses.	.	, ,	.
the English infantry, particular,y the
Lancashire ugimetite, was a RÏonous
episode. The whole army is proud of
ers
TIHE CARD,
IN EFFECT DEC. 4, 1369.
eastern division.
Trains daily between *9»
^ The Boer positions before Lvlysmith *ro perhaps impregnable to L ?,0v)0 men, but the troons arv resolved to have on-
The public must imitate the
(uaniuntv vf the tro:»p*.
8pion Kop is not a disaster 1	-, lost nor unwounded prisoners
; ...	1. bH - Boers Ao:ive Arorod Belm0„t,
Where Canadians are Located.
^OVENBER ground while you wait, aryl in proper way.
^ I
aiicmpi 10	---,
lmin township, will answe r tu acl.arge o: For sale at Lowest Pr ices
-1 '	: the’ STa w vKf S S "o.
Lipuiui	pint ou, will be ar« _____
, ram 'e<l on a charge id unlawfully wo«uu
mg. Thomas L.reit will answer to n	r v „„«¦
FA 3—Tl.o S.„ h« ito.*^y»5S?SRy3SS: W Jfca 1W
SgSB# ggglg
* n	jail breaking and uue vt Uideueut M-
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
HOURS.
other tn
LIMITED trains 21
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot : - guns were
Lopal-step* at all in- 1 made. .	H
' which lodgment f the enemy’s
a8.4S A.Mj	™	''K-t
intermediate statiôns. ma,t greater, compared t j their
1 strength than ours.
a €5.10 A.M,
ter
ll 15 am
Mont
Tj 8.45 A.M.
Arrives Montreal 11.5.» a ci. 1 uîlm .n lu. tithed
a zx 4 \ | : p	'— ¦*	catei
a 5e j PM *	Well-Defined Plan.	fighting.
a	-	5T“.... Lt^usitirip»
il sMfc ®t
a'ia.îoNoÔN ssa-s r.	“ STï5t f«*»» c.w« » ,<*»„ ».	psr p-ÿ
îast, leavim? there at 9 40 a m: stops at Alexau ina tl » courBC hitherto pursued of dispersing	Portuguese Frontier.	the seed will he of the best, the varieties
0D,y;» H*YrUlr>inirT0r Umlted-from Montreal lhem, shows that Roberts has sumo well-	--	true to name and the packages will he aunt
a, (>,,)*> I .M e leaving4 05p.m. Stops j^ned plan which he is rapidly prepar London, Feb. 3 —Tr.e correspondent fvee to applicants, through the mail. 1 he at Aivxrmdriaoni). Has Pullman parlor car.^ ^ iog l0 execute. This plan ie undoubtedly 0f the Times at Lorenz ) Marques, tele- object in view is the improvement of the
Il I ;*>	mediate points Cornwall, the overwhelming of the Boers at Storm- graphing yesterday, says :	character and quali y of tne grain, tve.,
Kingston, Toronto and points west, u * Pullinttn \)0Vir ttnd Colt.s berg and the invasion of “ Crowds of military looking men are gmWn in Canada, r.n ettort widely apprve-pari) cat.	th/Oran-’e Fieo State as quickly as pos still landing here. During the last few jated. and the choice of varieties to be
-able thereafter. The occupation of Fre* jj days more than a hundred, described ae 8<jnt out will he confined to those which iska by a strong British force and the suspicious, have arrived in German steam- ]iaVe been found to succeed well at the St zt^ of Richmond by the Canadians ers. These include a number of unart Experimental Farm*, ire puis of his scheme, the execution of mCT)i evidently officers, but most of them These samples will be sent only to those v.hich is being prepared for by the occu *rc low class, penniless adventurers. Thu who apply personally, lists of names from nation of strategic positions which will morning some 20 of the better sort left soc;etics or individuals cannot be con* id-L made use of to dominate the dieaffvct- fur Pretoria. Many of them wore riding cre(j. Only one sample of one sort can ed districts in Cape Colony and prevent boots and carried field glast. s. 1 hey be Rent to each applicant, hence if an inraids upon the live of communication WCrc assiduously attended ty a Transvaal dividual receives a namplu of oats hu from Orange River into the Boer country, detective.	not also receive one of vdioat or barley.
m,d tr.1. f"T Amprior, Within a month Lmd Roberta will have	— — —	^.Ucati.ms should '^^rciwed to the
H| Renfrew. fgsnviiie, Mada- fui]y 30 k)0 men at Ins dtspos.n1, or in -	Note*’	, Director of LxperimenUd 1 arms, hUwn,
w.ttfkn <ind Intermediate station».	| (.lu<jjpg’ihe 7,000 odd now seiving with	J ! and may be sent any time before the loth
«»*•* SSSSSHss
^MssmrnÊmmms mm
OTTAWA THKt.T OFFi i	Allowing fifteen thou,and men for gar Lindon> Feh. 3.-A Modder Hirer may be «eut to the Lxpemnental arm
£SSS=“ SSSiSi E2E2E2 r' '
, t™im rn. tii'r ««<*!>» 9umUr	strain fr m Kimberley and Ladysmith to the eastward
V ttuwlsyonly
out*
The undersigned have entered into partnership to carry on business as
Undertakers,
Furniture dealers,
Manufacturers of
Hougl] & Dressed Lumber, Shingles, Etc.
A full stock of up-to-date Furniture will be kept on hand at the present stand ot
Cuthbertson & Graham, where also the Undertaking Branch will be conducted with the usual prompt attention.
Sawing, Planiqg aqd Matching Lumber
6:4 u
car

of all kinds
Middle & Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM TUB WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
4.40 I' M


For Art)prior Renfrew, F.g Pembroke, and in
can
eauvill
carried on :it the Elliott Factory

will 1
termed ist- i

1.00 P. M.
Logs and. Shingle Bolts Wanted.

SOW
5.35 P.M.
Aril prior and inte*
l
9
SHÀWVILLE.
Wm. Saunoika,
Director Experimental Farms Ottawa, January 22nd, 1900.



<
_/ SA. j
i:



x
