###PAGE###1###
, y, Y


e
SHAW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P. Q., THURSDAY, MARCH 18, 18V7
Vol XIV, No. 37.
}	SUBSCRIPTION,
< One Dollar a Year In advance
Try A H. McGuire for a fashionable Spring Suit.
People are amazed to see the tea that McGuire is offering for 20 cents.
Gentlemen,— Drop in and see our new stock of hats and suitings for spring. We are showing an elegant line of both at convincing prices
A most heart rending accident occurred at Bow man ville last Wednesday, whereby three little children of Mr. Fred. Lux n lust their lives by hole, adjacent to their home. The life less bodies of the unfortunate children wore found floating upon the surface of the pool half an hour afterwards by their grandfather.
Remember that Dr. Allen'» Pearly Pebbles have no bought nor cooked re commendations ; their benefit» are living witnesses. Then we ask you this you a pain in your back from strained kidneys ? If you have, then we say six boxes will cure it, and we mean just ex act I y what we say. boxes, post paid, for SI son Medicine Co., Brook ville, Out
Romombcr tho Conservative Political mooting on Thursday, March 18th.
BANK OF OTTAWA
Court Shawville,
No me
SUCCESSFUL
SELLING
ÏÏOF/f
mi
llenil Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . 81,500,000 00 ....................$1,005 000.00
Meet* the 4th Wedne* day of every month.
Court due* mu*t be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
A. W. Mokkihon.R 8. II. S. Barnett, P.8
J. A. Hmith, O R
I
i
Rvtt
Boartl of Directors : Ciiarlk8 Maoek, Bag., President Geokuk Hay, sag., Vim-President
Ho». Geo. liKYitoN. Ja.
Alex. Fhahkr, E»q .
L.B.C
G. F. IIOIKJINM
Is what always follows our CAREFUL and KEEN BUYING. This is applicable to all our branches of business and perhaps to none more so than
A. R McGuire has got the latest in “Scotch Tweeds "
Mmi's rubber waterproof coats from
F. Hodoinh'.
McGuire is paying the hiuhett price fur hides and pelts. Hides 6 cts ; pelts 60 cents.
Rev. Mr. Craig ia to exchange pulpits with the Rev. Mr. Nelson, of Bristol, next Sunday. Thu latter gentleman will officiate at the evening service hero on the above date.
John Matiikh, Ekq David Mac Lakes, Hty
%
ïotal and Okneral.
Desk is Mikihy, Esq.
drowning in a
$1 50 up, at
(l« tvr*l Manager (Ux-al) Manager
6ROUGEBURN D. M. FIN NIK
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
See those famous English Tweeds at A. It. McGuire's.
Retd O’\loara & Hodgins’ clearing sale announcement in this issue.
The residence of Mrs. J. E. Mulligan, of Quyon, was destroyed by fire on Tuesday last.
A Court of the Independent Order of Foresters has been instituted at Beach-burg with a membership of thirty-two.
More than it takes to pay your bonus tax may be saved by attending O'Meara & Hudgins' No Reserve Sale, now going
MDraft* Irtaueil on all Banking i*diita Inn, Uhlte'l Staff* a ml Great Britain.
Note* ami Bills collected.
lntfn-Kt allowed on IN*i»oalt Receipt at current
rates.
Sum* of $t and upwards received U Saving* Department . Interest credited half yearly.
Offl- e Hours - 10 a. m. to 3 p. m. Saturday 10am.
to 1 p. m.
In the Doniln-
General Dry . . . Goods..
Have
Editor Equity :
Dear Sir. — 1 see some of our local papers have been giving an estimate of the iiiit of lumber tak#*v nut on Kippewa this season, which t* ' very inaccurate
Kippowa and Bail-
JAN. HOPE & Co.
1CANUFAOTURIXO STATIONERS, BOOK8EL JfA 1er*. H-mkhlmler* Priu>r*. etc. Depository f the Ottawa Auxiliary Bll*l«8ool«ty,Ottawa,Out.
Try them. Two Address, AI li-
mn
We have learned by experience that NEW GOODS are more satisfactory to the consumer than OUT OF DATE GOODS are at any price, and therefore we commence every season with the latest productions of manufacturers a* they appear in the domestic and foreign markets.
Our DRESS GOODS have reached a
popularity that is enviable.
Our LINENS are always admitted to be the best value in the market.
Our CARPETS have new designs and right values.
Our GINGHAMS, SHIRT! NOS, COTTONS and FLANNELETTES never fall short of pleasing everyone.
Thei •• will be cut chine this season, 65,000,000 feet of saw logs and 8,000 pieces square timber of about 48 or 50 feet average, cut by the following firms :
A A. Buell <& Co., six shanties on Ostaboning.
. IL. II Klock & Co., 1 shanty on Sand Like.
Killed by a Falling Turk.— At Whit
March 1st, in the luiubei
man
on.
ney, ( )ni , on
camp of Mr. Richard Edey, a young named Alex. Duds was killed by a falling tree. The jwrticulars of his death have not yet been received. The deceased was 26 years of age, the son of \Tr. Geo. Dials of Mayo, Hastings county, Ont., (formerly of Lanark) and brother of Dun Dude, of Maple ltidge, Bristol.
Dr. Stackhouse, sr., dentist, will visit Quyon on March 23rd, Shawville 24’h, d Campbell's Bay 25ih. See his an-
s. J. hcnally, id, ci
H 11
nouiicument in this issue
Physician, Surgeon and Accoucheur.
Office • Campbell’» Bay.
A fi»h and game association has been formed in Pembroke
of the association is to assist in the protection of the game of the district.
Dr. Daniel McPhee, dentist, of Am prior, has recently returned from New York city where he spent four weeks part* ly for a rest and to gain further expert ence in the latest dental improvements
For the Kidneys, Bladder and Kindred Diseases, no medicine as yet has seen the light of day that excels Dr. Allen’s Pearly Pebbles. 2 boxes $1 post paid. Ad dress, Allihon Med. Co., Brock ville, Out.
The main object
Sheppard & Morse and Co., 3 shanties North River.
Sheppard & Morse & Co , 1 shanty, Bois Franc.
VV. C. Edwards & Co., 2 shanties, Bauchine.
MeLdclilin Bros., 1 shanty, East Kip-
can
R. S. DOWD, M D..C.M.
Our Roller Mild—There is a prospect of the Sawville roller mill scheme being pushed ahead now under somewhat changed auspices. Stock books are to be opened, and sufficient stock sold to place the enterprise on a sure financial basis. In the meantime preparations for build ing are to commence at once. Our citi Zens have now become fully alive to the fact that the continued prosperity of the village is bound up very largely in the erection of a first class null, and second every legitimate effort that is put forth to carry the scheme to a successful issue.
M. I)., U. M. Trinity : L. It. C P. A8 , Kdinbikuh* i Lu-ewTiATE ok Faculty ok Physician* and
Hi' HO ko ns, Gi.asouw.
Office A Real-twice in late Dr. Anile)'* lionne, Quyon Office hours
pewa.
Cl. & B. Grier Bros., 1 shanty, Garden Rivnr.
Hall & Co., 3 shanties. Hay Bay.
A lux. Luuisden, 2 shanties, Hay Bay. Gillies Bros., 1 shanty. Grant Lake.
Yours truly.
8 to 12 a. m. and 7 to V p in
H. McLELLAN, D.D.S.,
DEN I'1ST,
REID BROS.
R. XV. Ralph
The slaughter sale of goods at O’Meara A Hudgins’, Quyon, is still going on, and a».i result people are going home daily with armfuls of bargains such as have never before been offered.
Very uncertain weather has been the rule since the storm of Wednesday last —snow, rain, frost, sunshine, wind, more snow, rain, gales and frost, all in the space of 60 hours. This record affords enough variety to suit any body.
The fine residence of Mr. Ed. Davis, at Fort Coulonge was on Tuesday afternoon eff ets were safely removed ing was pretty well covered by irisur ance. The tire originated in the attic.
Messrs. J. L. Shaw and H H. Elliott, making preparations these days to manufacture a large quantity of maple syrup, in the sugar bu*h of the first ed gentleman, which is situated within the confines of this corporation. Weath er conditions proving favorable there should he no doubt of these men making the enterprise a success, as they are go ing about it in a proper business way
Readers, let us tell you this on the honor of men and principle, that four boxes of that honest medicine, Dr Aden's “Pearly Pebbles” are just worth $400 00 to any weak man, weak woman, or pale, delicate, dying bloodless girl. Father, give them a trial ; mother, give them a trial ; daughter, try them and they will make you plump, rosy, and best of all, healthy. Two boxes, post paid, for $1. Address, Allison Med. Co., Brockville, O.
The examination of candidates for the sition of grain inspector, held at the •ntiac House on Monday of last week resulted in the highest number of points being made by Mr. J. R. Horner. Mr. H Hobbs, 2nd, and Mr. John Duff 3rd. The other candidates are said to have been too severe in their judgment of the samples of grain submitted to them. In view of the above result, the inspectorship will likely go to Mr. Horner and the dep uty inspectorship to Mr. Hobbs, who, considering the small remuneration attached, may not accept it.
Professor Linton fulfilled his engagement at the Russell House on Monday last, bur we understand as there w as uo immediate prospect of getting a class of pvrsona here afflicted with stammering, he decided not to open one, at least for the present. He will remain in Renfrew for some weeks longer, however, so that if any person on this side of the river, deair es to undertake a course of treatment they can visit or communicate with him there. From what we have heard the professor has wrought several very remarkable cures since he came to Renfrew.
Thanks.—To our patrons of Pontiac county, we take this insane to return our humble thanks for the kind words they have written to us about our Dr. Allen’s Pearly Pebbles. We say thanks, hun dred times. Furthermore, if any poor man or woman in delicate health and without means would like to try our mod icine, if they will send us a written line from their minister or priest, we will send them twn x«vt of our Dr Pebbles, post paid, free of charge, for G«»d says the first duty of man is to help thy weak brother or sister. Address, Allison Medicine Co., Block ville, Out.
With Ur. U. McPhee, Mail» wash» St., Am prior.
5
An Earthly Saviour tar Mankind.
Read. Will Ton.
THE ARCADE STORE,
The death occurred at Allumette Island on Sunday the 7th., of Mr. Patrick Fitzpatrick, one of the best known real dents of that locality, at the age of 05 The deceased was a man who
part in public and d several times had
G. G. STEWART,
Brock vil e, March 5'h, 1807
ARNPRIOR, ONT.
PHYSICIAN -> AND SURGEON,
I. K. C. P. AND 8., EDINBURGH.
Dear Sirs, -For some time l have been troubled with Blight* Disease, doctor* said I could not live three months, but thanks to Dr Allen’s “Pearly Pebbles” I am now fully recovered ; and when 1 see a sick friend 1 always tell him take “Pearly Pebbles” because they saved my life. I know they did. Suf fering friend*, try theip. It only took six boxes to cure me.
The
years
took a prominent municipal affairs, an the honor of representing his municipality at the County Council, tie was keenly interested in the development of his section of the county, to which end he was always to the fore in advocating and assisting any scheme for improve Mi. Fitzpatrick was twice WÊtÊt He was of m >st genial nature,
wulciliv
P.S.—New stock of Wall Paper* and Spring Roller B inds at remarkably low prices.
ItvHldtnce and ofllce in A. Mm 1 ley's house, Elmnlde.
Of!ice hours—8 e.m., to 12 H.m., and 7 p.m. Telephone No. 2.
destroyed by fire Nearly all the The build
to
AKiflLK Ibl OWIM B
ATTuaNKI at LAW, Main rtt. Hull, A. i^ue, wlU , atrequesl,attend alleourt* n the llstrict. All correspondence-prompt*
y ans wered.
Will bo at dhawvllletirst Thursday ofeach month.
Young Girl, have you a pain in your back, and do you feel as if your dress and cloak was a burden for you to wear, and most any kind of a noise would almoMfc scare the life out of you? Please to speak to your mother about it, and if she is an intelligent mother and has your health at stake, she will send and get you four boxes of “Dr. Allens Pearly Pebbles,” which will cure you at once and for ever Mother, save your daughter from going into decline, wont you?
Address, Allison Medhtne Coy.
Brockville, Out.
Yours Truly,
Harry T. Shrrkidan
mar
ment ned.
very intelligent, and was a visitor everywhere, ills death wa«* ud by pneumonia, contracted from the D.” The funeral to the Human
A. S Directors’ Meeting:.
are
HENRY AYLEN,
ADVOCATE Hull* - - - Que.
cans
••grip
Catholic Church and Cemetery at Chap eau on tended
Minutes of meeting of directors held in Shawville on Wednesday the 3rd March, 181)7. Present were John Young, president ; H. Hobbs, vice president, and director* Grant, Prendergast, Cuthbertson and Walsh.
Minutes of previous meeting read and approved.
The president explained, according to resolution of last meeting, the committee met with Mr. J. L. Shaw and completed the purchase of the property
acres, the total cost being
*-
The committee al«o gave to James Hod-contract for 300 ced.ir post* 12 feet
nam
Wednesday was very largely at
iimre
Mr. Aylen will regularly attend the sessions of the Courts at liryson.
Qlongylo ITotos.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
As I have been suffering from neurasthenia, I thought a few days inhaling mountain air would prove beneficial in
so that is why I was unable to
Orange Grand Lod?o of M mit obi Oon domna the School Settlement.
72 MAIN ST. - HULL QUE.
The piece
my case, send notes last week.
Miss Sarah Smith of Vinton is visiting Mr* McKee this week.
Mr. George and Miss Bella Morrison have returned from Chesterville.
Mr. W. Brownlee spent a few day* up
the Gatineau last week .
The many friends of Mims Susan Find lay are pleased to hear that she is still keeping better.
If you want to know what takes Eclipse
back to the 7th line come and a>k
Mischief.
At Pontiac House, Shawville, on Court day* —Olh February, 6th April, let June, 1st October and dih December.
Will attend all law court* In District* of Ottawa and PoulUc If required.
Winnipeg, Man., March 12»—The Orange Grand L->dge of Manitoba, in session at Brandon, passed a resolution condemning the Laurier Greenway school settlement and urging the Provincial Legislature not to adopt it. The resolution was passed during an all-night session, after a number of delegates had retired, and there indications of a row over it. Greenway supporters claim it was a snap resolution, but those on the other aide of the fence declare it represents the Orange sentiment in Manitoba.
contained
gins a
tong and oot to hr less than 6 inches at the top end, to be delivered on the ground for 12 cents each.
Moved by Dir. Cuthberteon, sec. by Dir. Walsh that the Secretary purchase 15.000 feet of lumber for fencing from Messrs. J & J. Gillies, Arnprior, and that members of this society be asked to kindly volunteer to draw the same with out exrra cost to the society. —Carried.
Moved by Dir. Grant, WÊËKÊWÊÊ
Cuthberteon and resolved that we adver lise for tenders for 2,000 feet of tamarac scantling, 2x3 inches and 16 feet long; tenders to be in the hands of the Vice President, H. Hobbs, not later than the 15th March. Also, for tenders for the building of the fence around the Lx hibitiou grounds. All material furnished except nails by the directors. P'ans and specifications can be seen at the < ffice of Mr. Hobbs. Tenders to be in hia hands not later than the 1st of April lowest or any tender not necessarily accepted.
Moved by Dir. Grant, sec. by Dir. Walsh that Dire. Hobba and Prer.dergast be appointed to open tenders and award contract and accept posts and scantling from contractors.—Carried.
Moved by Dir. Grant see. by Dir. Cuthberson that if acceptable to the Shawxille Lacrosse Club we will lease them the exhibition grounds for a term of six years for the sum of @120 00 paid in advance, together with 10 per cent of their gate receipts on any public day, and that Dire. Grant, Prendergart and the Secretary meet with them and draw out an agreement.—Carried.
Meeting adjourned
John Young,
President.
S. A. McKAY, B€ L.
OTAltY PUBLIC. Clerk of the Magtntratea Court at .Shawville Ageulfor the Credit Fouler Kranr.o Canadian.Money to lend on easy terms.
WILLIAM LLLIOIT
AlLIFF OF rais SUPERIOR COURT .Shawville. (J,ue.. respectfully solicits engagemeutsfor any business In connection with all Courts In the County, Collection* made ind prompt roturnsassured
N
P
are
B
Splendid range of lace curtains and cur tain nets at astonishingly low prices.
U. F. dODGINS.
by Dir
WT
sec
KIDNEY
TROUBLES
BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT, OFFICE .- — COURT NT., SHAWVILLE
Gh&rterla Notes.
Accounts collected and prompt returns made
All court» attended.
Quite a few of this vicinity are afflicted with la grippe at present.
Quite a number of the young this locality, have returned from the tods, looking fine. But there are still
whose arrival is eagerly
8T LAWRENCE 1IALL.
It. 4cLKaN ,Proprietor. Mainwt.yuyon.Que. Thin house is In every way furnish» d to afford E< vdlout accommodation rorthe travelling public. Com m*rcUl men will Itnd the sample rooms second to uoat) on the road. The War la ulway «supplied with ths h ut brands of Liquors, Wines, and Cigar». Good Llv »rv i n Connection.
men of
D
Any person residing in Shawville,Que., who may require a sure cute for Kidney Troubles, such as Lame, Weak or Painful Back, Dizziness, Headache, Dropsy, Bright's Disease, Diabetes and all other symptoms of
w<
some more, watched for.
The Misses Hodgine, of Clarendon, the guests of Miss Eliza Hodgms
The
were on Sunday last.
A series of revival meetings are looked forward to. As a result, it is to be hoped that there will be much good accomplished.
It is rumored that a wedding is to come off in the spring. Now don't think yourself too smart—or you may get left.
St. Elmo.
GRAND CENTRAL HOUSE,
- Prop.
0. Turpain
Kidney Trouble
HIH hotel has been recently opened for the public accommodation, and has been equipped In first class stye with all necessary requirement®.
Bar furnished wlthebolcellqaors and clg-Flrst class table,good yard and stable-1 ng, and large commodious Sample Rooms.
T
can procure a box of Doan's Kidney Pula commencing this 17th day of March, 1897, providing each applicant will cut this out, sign his or her name and address at foot of same and present it at J J
First come, first served, until 3&
If you see a nobby suit around town,
“McGuire made it !"
PONTIAC HOUSE
Shawville,
Shaw’s
3
you may say
Lugest stock of shoes and rubbers in the county. All maiked at close prices.
G. E. Hodoins.
Une.
full-sized boxes of Doan’s Pills are dis
/
nn His HOUSE is first-class In every respect.
L being roomy, neat, comfortable and equipped with every necessary convenience. Commercial men will find the accommodation* for their business all that can be desired Guests treated with courte*y and civility. Bar supplied with only boat brands of liquors and cigars. idT Good livery, and free 'bus to and from all trail's.
CALDWELL, «gggRgRMgggg

posed of
E Graham,

(3T The Shawville Marble and Gran iteWorks, Alex. McDonald, proprietor, turns out a superior class of work in Monuments, Headstones, etc. Prices reasonable

Allen’s Pearly
Sec. Tress
Name


A. R. McGuire has the largest stock of Tweeds in town.
Town
- PROPRIETOR.


X
X







¦ l





###PAGE###2###
spomf'1 "hV nu H-''v'u^K'Tnl'u't fait | ^i^k^wfrook I hf jnu!»> *"
lire; aa oonfldeope I» the almost basis of
A NEW PLEA FOR A THIEF
THE LONE STAR
¦peak frankly, <¦« J.e bis legs \à\ lirpfiil ni her I (iood Oodi
HE IS A CRIMINAL ONLY WHEN HE
IS SOUND ASLEEP.
bri
I
______ _ under our feet	__
CHAPTER VIII.	I double tone of persuasion and command Miss Howen, l have little dread of her .
n«au	lu»	rPlÂT33T5*wg i«r*
hail taken place in the storm was to i dreadful beat.ug of	the etovm.	the	self-defence proposed a transfer to the hands, lie m< nnt to mit our thioa	I	1er Wiirgiery While He Is	Aftleep- 4
be of brief duration. As evening drew rolling and pitching of the vessel,	the.	Ixme Star. Ilut I nee no sign of the jn our n eep, ami rob iis—at all events	|	rustle lo ihe Heeler*.
12 2*r" «...........? r	‘Sfclsx'srsyu •. JMS» reu-js&^rssv
* . ,y	0,11X3 1110,0 appeared to crated into two gangs, and prepared now resigned to all. Reginald, my fa- Iuow.	, ..	,	" HI.	I
weigh upon the tall masts of the brig, for work.	ther is dead; those whom l love are un- I Before the mulatto had recovered ins Inal court. Dr. Sanderson Christison,
p?r|werïïLt %%;%%%%'	ZwZJZ SrHrlivpr	Z %Æ :L
Ken in under the orders of Sir Regin- stain less and make	lwss water.”	J	the most glorious and brightest of » dirk concealed under Jiwh t tr«s» and	a few days ago of burglary,	is subject
aid. who had constituted himself com- ” Very likely sir.”	j	things, Eleanor. Never despise life. Ifay* * hem lo Eleanor. u	to	fits of alee;»-walking and	while m
™
nands, after snatching a brief instant her away a point. Look alive ! Steady I vaf- girl put faith in one who never *00 mu 1st to in bis aims, and lift uhim and in his right mind. Wilson is a
e Ëü S? BEseEH	^
P---	. gan [lacking at the .sliromlM and «tn> r. I ^°JV nie, clear and diatincL 1 see itt	csetin# loose the paintci, and 1 n*4?“f cotnos and .nleep overtakes him
tion. were already placed at the wheel, while others did the same forward. I * it, 1 know itl%l	, Italuiig Jo&h * parcel, descended alMotand I hia nature undergoes a radical change
Not a .Ur. nor a gUm„e of th. I	%%%% .l^ra^^uu^	^i^f^ wi^	t	meejmme become.
was soon heard	I out her hand to him with a faint smile waste of waters.	I "‘Ison, the house-breaker and thief.
" Look out Itelow !”' thundered sir I whi,° her eyes, beaming with hope and I	(To be Continued )	I His existence is a Dr. dekyII and Mr.
down iu a deep liank of clouds of au Reginald, and the next minute the two renewed ijfe< were fixed ujion his face |	- - I Hyde sort of life.
EHÈF,F FF' F** EHSH'œESJE	! T8A0IC FRE~H SU,C,DE*	zs
(Us in^uLxheu. Ihe rigging txgau to ropes still held them on. and the I an(* (^nifort, and then again, like a | À 1 »mh wed Hi» Mwrrihewrl. Honed Te I articles of clothing which he had stol-
i™tir' szrsr e; c-a ra'xx*	c — -— — ¦ L„\wr	1 u’
- "r „Tb",	"" w,".a :% rna ïijat	».	„w»... «. ^ »: zsr^z ssjs
lough (he Muuuda, hackeda>s, and and though almost blown off by jthe I ->ut *\?rJ Jlt/*e cfL4nvd of ‘taking I count of a tragic double suicide at Tre- answer to questions put to him. After
bhh^h:e mi mm #### abehb.5 s-
BfHEH™	?«s‘ rr --—
KJeanor, who could never renia iu be- «* «aler m the hold. Still there was meat, a little wine, a keg of water, ma rah at the southward The other “P t0T 1,1W to advafl06<1 tl>8 "frange
at the heavens, and otia.siunall> givingjOn hoaid. It was clear that no boat some pistols, and powder and ball, ile necks was tied a bar of railroad iron some brief order, which the men obey- OOUI‘l live	in such a sea. but Sir Re-	then bade Josh look to himself; but the	weighing twenty pounds
carpenter, suddenly speaking in alow sently a sweet smile floated on his face	mark of care and caution.	J	murder, but the way in which the
and cautious tone, from certain know- a memory of childhood came upon -Meanwhile the storm sensibly abated, bodies were tied together added to thn *3Qtonc« the judge did not consider the fM Uue of a leak*	i.	i Ar[ows were rude-	look in his draxvers; I think there are	moved, showed an experienced detec-	and	Dr.	Sanderson V'hrisUson, who is
in an equally low tune, not unmiugied ‘«e wimie	he attached a long piece	Reginald advanced toward the wheel.	™au “jl(i evidently been the actor in	the history of this peculiar'	case brief-
with terror.
To
Reginald, what mean
Sleeping-walking la the latest plea for the defense of crime heard In the crim-
ente. Two men, by way of prevail
moon, which, however, had long since risen could l* seen. The sun had gone
SOMNAMBULISM A PLEA
When the man came
committed a crime tie had no knowledge of it, but lie admitted that his mind ran towards burglary when he was in this peculiar condition, police paid little or no attention Wilson’s statement, and in pronouncing
The
to
piece of rag by way of feathers
the u hole he attached a long	,v0« ,u^lu tUO wueei. i rv - 7. 7--------------, -----— —uj
11 °V tw.mc« to which in turn was As he passed the locker in which the ltU5 ^'tair, the woman passively con- ly as follows ; hi2CeDed an imuieDiJe uud powerful ca- negro’s bundle was placed, he put his I mating.	L	I WW A^T
hand in and lifted it lie smiled
I
SSiEt 1PUSS
ITbourh woTiÆ™!	e œr4	fR«f;hi3^Æsl?f.«S	%% EEB*S£F£xH
to increase in fury. The men at the	^tore the raging	sea	could	acpar-	"Never mind. If we get safely on	resemblance to	the young sociétaire ol	1 (** officer, and at that time declared
wheel were bound to keep their atten- n.JL- lhe cabld was fast. A com- shore, you shall have your reward.” the Comedie Française. And from her	waa !#ot of a friend.
—-, -	..irvs ^“sayssfc	>»,.	rstitKtt	sœ*.r	s
brig, which at times seemed almost un-	rope was passed, and the wounded,	! jolly boat.	It	is heavy; but we	must	Saint-Germain, were	learned the de-	entirely different story. I	saw him a
governable. The darkness increased, Mi *}ed 111 hammocks, were rapidly rig pulleys, and hoist at the capstan, tails that led up to the tragic love I daJ* later by chance and found
SfilrssrKUSSwUi ^.zÿzKE'za:5
scene was illumined by a bright flash	jyo passed, there still remained on	but the	Lone	Siar	was	wholly	out	of	shop and became attainted with Ix>u-	"aa on ™ verige of delirium tremens,
of lightning ; every rope and spar be-	...AM fc ,.,of 1 ,le ftoyal (’barley Sir lie-	sight.	ise, who was four or	five years older	[. saw noth ing more of the	case until
s~ ;“b,r -- - t	fh? '"V-Tr	Jl“'	•‘«SSfftrtt 8^sr$s	us	i'S&.’sr-jjgts:
Star could be distinguished at some dis-	Go, said the captian	to	the	mul-	fixed two strong pulleys. Through	these	seemed to heed	her advice, for Camille	8l?w or dul1» recollection accurate on
tance crossing the foaming crest of a aUo j you can then pull me over, with cords were passed, which were then se- | came to the little sb wave. Presently raio, too. began to	ln my aruu- Wd them j,ull curely attached to the lolly-
,ïï i	&,'%'& %% Z“V «° "PM a. bU.k w B aLSyiS&."ïi. then
Ê? ~ %% i “srus	BELSIHHm I
mmm	mm
ly replied the man in a low and de- was edging away to leeward, without times the capstan would not work-	_	.	l*e in a partial state of sleep, sirni-
sjiainng tone.	M	,	any—the remotest chance of making they had the boat hoisted a good way	lar to that of sleep-walking, and when
A &.;&> X, si ‘.Ms	!K	sr MsT,"cis »m ”"*¦ ssr&nur^sv^bss:
"" as » sb « asaïÆsaa «s	. sa s aawza."
een.ng up me mens apiiiia. vum- .ne devoted trio remained on board	huge and lofty long boat, to the «-«.mll-s A.lr„«..n,lr.i r.ii.u.i,.. with low and narrow foreheads and
age! the storm shows signs of ar>atiug. the Royal Charley, at the mercy of the bulwarks, and well tied. The jolly boat Great interest has been created in rather small brains and of an active
ssi-s ""	IX	s'essssa- a msbsh
bidding the steward distribute a free	v‘	over. At this insUnt the cable flew 'n his more recent investigations. One to this theft was probably his per-
ration of spirits to the men who had the posit ion of our three adventurers from the hand of Josh, darted with these is that astronomers have been sonal need, as he was without an ov-Just left off pumping. But though all	was now apparently of the most pa n-	extreme rapidity off the capstan,	and	overestimating the distances of the	ercoat, and the weather was	cold.	In
went cheerfully enough to work, both	lui hopeless and dreary character. They	sent the !>oat falling with	a terrific	®f*rs; and the other that our universe	his natural state of mind his	ideas	of
crew and passengers, they could not were alone, on (ward of a wreck, which splash into the water. Again secur- has after all a fairly wehl defined lim- honor and theft would have precluxl-but see that Sir Reginald was simply was evidently fast filling with water. *n& the helm, the men boih hastened	* he first of these conclusions ed the act.” i <.
speaking to encourage them, and	they were totally unable to manage it	with beating hearts	to examine the	Brof. Newcomb bases on an idea that I	—
keep up their spirits. They all felt	ior any lengt h of time. Sir Reginald	state of affairs.	the stars which are called the smaller
the desolating influence of the fact,	and Josh, however, to gain a moment's | "All right, massa,"	said Josh with a	ones* because they are less bright, may
that the ship was filling with water,	reflection and rest, lashed the helm	grin.	not be large stars at a very great dis-
The storm may rage, the wind howl,	amidships, which kept the brig dead	"All rightf” replied Sir Reginald in	tanoe, but perhaps smaller or dimmer
the lightning flash, the thunder roll, wore the wind, and then held ooun- a deeply thankful voice. "Go down ?nos nearer at hand. The old idea .
and yet the sailor will have confidence »el. Eleanor sat in a state of perfect and loosen the blocks. Let her go as- 15 familiar to all, namely, that all the 18 nob yet 30 years of age, ami (has in the planks he treads on; but when	I stupor on the deck. The Lone Star was	tern, and I will hand you	down	the	a*ara are of the same brightness, and	been at the head of the Montevideo In-
onoe he feels that water is within the	already faraway to leeward, still mak-	oars, masts, and plunder."	that the fainter ones are at a very	stitute of Experimental Hygi
ship, under his very feet, his courage *ng desperate efforts to get to wind- The mulatto obeyed with alacrity, °?,lch greater distance from us than tie over a year. Hie took his degr fails him. and despair takes fast hold	ward, a position it had hitherto near- I and the jolly-boat was soon well	load-	[he	bright ones. This theory, however, ' at the University of Siena in 1889, then
upon his heart.	w elwava kept;, but the experienced I ed with all that could be safely	stow-	pas	t*>en weakened by later discover- I studied in Germany and at the Pasteur
About midnight the storm seemed	eyes of the two men plainly told them *d into it. It was then determined to	auch as, for example, that Sirius Institute in Paris, and first came into
still further in increase. Huge waves	tbat all its efforts were vain.	wait a while, for the storm was	abat-	has	a companion whose light, if equal notice by him success in isolating the
rolling furiously behind the brig	x> hat you think we do, massa,	*ng fast, and the sea was calming its	surface be considered, is but a frac-	bibirio or cholera in the drinking water
threatened every instant to break over	now ? said Josh with a sullen and al-	fury. Eleanor and her lover took	tlon °r that of its principal; and as-	of Paris, and his demonstration that)
the stern-poop of the vessel, one of the most insolent grin.	the first refreshing meal which tronomera have come to recognize dim it was comparatively harmless Hd
greatest dangers of a tempest of long	Put our trust In our courage and	they have partaken of for some	"tars, or even dark ones, like the com-	was appointed to a professorship at?
duration on the deep. The vessel lab-	energy, ’ replied the ex-Commonwealth	time. Both were full of hope and	panions of Algol, about wrhioh so much	Siena, which he left, owing to the laboured heavily in the trough of the	man. ‘The storm has nearly exhausted	satisfaction, though Sir Regn&ld was	has lately been written, to be quite	er salary and greater opportunities
sea. then upon mountain waves, and	its fury; the leak may not increase so	unusually reserved and thoughtful.	as common, perhaps, in the universe,	offered him by the University of Mon-
seemed at every plunge about to rise	rapidly as we fear; and if it does, why,	Their dinner concluded, Eleanor went	aa the bright ones. Prof. Newcomb’s	tievideo. It is expected that bis dis-
mo more. Not a word had t>een spoken	we must get a boat into the water,	to her oabin in search of some few little	proposition as to the limit of the uni-	oovery will be followed by that of the
for a long time. On all sides nothing j and try our fortune there."	articles which might add to ;their com- ver*se is regarded as even more novel means of destroying or neutralising
could be seen but torrents	of white	? he ship him sink, certain," continu-	fort in the boat. When	she	returned	ajd striking, suggesting, as it does,	| the effects	of	the	bacillus,
foam, illumined every	now	and then	ed the mulatto, who, however, spoke	Ian deck, the freebooter	was	standing	the possibility that some day all the
by vivid flashes of sheet-lightning. The *s if bis thoughts were elsewhere. I with folded arms gazing at the sun, st4fcTa wul be seeoaej
men were still at the pumps. Precise- ' The ship will not certainly sink. See, which was getting low. The wind had	.	—	„	.	..
|y at midnight, Sir Reginald again com- the wind is already less, though the ' now fallen to a stiff breeze, and every	YEAHJjY FIRE LOfiSFq	,“ere 18 a tesson in the correct use
manded an inspection of the well,which waves run mountains high. Go to the I thing looked propitious for thedr pro-	1	two words, that are often confound-
now showed four feet of water in the helm. We will each take it in half-, posed journey.	The average yearly loss from fires	.Al ,	_,
bold. The men stood aloof, and refus hour spells”	"Let us sound the wells,” said he, in the United States during the oast A	baking over the
™ gu,.., Jhsa&lKlLS'ZÏ	-r— “• ?»»»£>«- ««• KSr'.liSu'Slb~•uta,“d*
cried Sir Reginald ; " it	wants	but four	, Eleanor, this is a very terrible po-	well, and assisted his officer	to take	1MM Goring the pa*t year, according	^ ell said	a friend, what do you think
hours to daylight, and	then	we can	j»tion for you; but have faith and hope,	the depth of the water.	to the chronicled fire tables, there have	them I
leave the brig to its fate, and go on I Perhaps we may be better off than we I "Six feet!” exclaimed Sir Regnald been 38,008 fires, destroying noci	Um—er, answered the critic ; some
board the Lone Star. It is but to keep I imagine. If the storm continues to gravely. ”We have a fair warning; let pieces of property. The total In« °! them ou«ht to be hung a the ship afloat for a few hours. Stew- "bate, we shall escape with perfect ease, us not despise it.”	tailed has been #142 110 233 with	them ought to be hanged,
ard. give the men cold meat, bread, and We are not two hundred miles " from "I am ready, dear Reginald.”	insurance loss of 881 <,8«i o^o rnV:n
Hollands, and then all hands to the land, and the jolly-boat will take us ”Be ready in all things, then, Elean- tall column of disasters ther« w«r* >» I	HIS PROPOSAL.
srsJss^ “• — — f*?3XJ5fs:,:s	as	Æi-"—»-
The captain of the Lone Star spoke I pl»ed Eleanor in a sombre tone; "fate and quick. Catch up yonder cord, and and public halls and 5,281 manufsMV^?	»i«e-	i
ith intsase energy. There we a a *¦ against us.’	I tie the scoundrel's hands.”	, mg establishments.	un"
-	-- - w----	twirling a little in the air, fell right | a
The men did as they were ordered, I V* 1, k of ^ he Lone Star, and
He
was
If1
.VTTTÜ	nammocks, were rapidly rig pulleys, and hoist at the capstan, tana that led up to the tragic love	lat(vr <™no
pulled over to the deck of the Lone Everything for life.”	and still more tragic death.	him in a tremor, but qu
Ç y* fhe passage, however, was long The wind had now much decreased, Young Roucoux had been accustom- J1 ona.1, though with a n no tedious; ami when a whole hour and was blowing s ircely half a gale; °d to take his lumbeon at the little <X)k 88 lf	°f a-PPiroh
naa passed, there still remained	on	hut the Lone Star	was wholly out of	shop and	been mo acquainted with Lou-	"a* on '-ho .verge of deliri
the ftoXal Charley Sir lie-	sight.	iae. who	was four or five years older	[.saw nothing moms of tt
ginaid, Eleanor and Josh. who was	at	Josh ascended	to	the maintop,	Sir	than himself. The mother warned her	118 fTla* before Judge 8e;
.îp" m '..	Reginald to the	fore, and there	they	daughter	against Roucoux. The girl'	examined him. I found h
then se- came to the little shop no more.-------- aI1 “>8tt*rs except the place and ocea-
boat, a The lovers finally eloj>ed and went a!Qn of the theft. 'Vesting hie vera-Its firm to Treport, where they registered at only proved him to be naturally a hen cut the Bellevue as M. and Mme. Dumon- straightforward, industrious man. t to the tier. Here their money had given out) . AfUsff much questioning I conclud-
r ;
Hi
tain of the	I.	____
tone, though his heart sank within put out; but an in vai him. But he knew the vast importance meats had still too much
lne UP the me.n^^ |	kH^ercy „7Th™
of k
A NOTED BACTERIOLOGIST.
Dr. Guiseppe Sanarelli, who recently discovered the bacillus of yellow fever.
iene a lit-
ee
HO I
A WIDE DIFFERENCE
The mulatto obeyed, and Sir Regi- after a while nald approached the young girl
%
f

;
r
some

Ie that so? Well, Just for the interest of science, let's try it.

#, «


m
###PAGE###3###
Ecris9>“"7MqEi:EH£§§
paled A trumpet waa wjumled loud Hut tlu- nv*t. of Ihw audience will critical jw/,pie who are forever IlncluW and clear, and long, and U wh» the never reach ll.e eighties or the «even- harm practise* that seem to others trumpet of jubilee. They ebook Innxls, ties nr the sixties or the fifties or the perfectly hermleaa-how would 1 aul they laughed they congratulated forties lie who	Into the forties have a«*ed toward them I home ¦'*“»
they laughed, they congratulated has gone far beyond the average of who reverence Paul and quote him Whitt a time it waa, that fiftieth year! human life Amid the uncertainties think Hint «ui h people are rigid m t heir Mv sermon next accounts the sixties, take <„.l through Jeeue Christas your vie we ; other men who reverence laul The beginning of that cl evade is more present and eternal mafety. in»*	and quote bun seem to Hunk il Cheir
startling than any Other. In hia chrono- e*. life i« only a email fragment of duty to stamp out auch ' lega mm, and logical journey, the man rides rather	the great eternity. We	will all uf	ue	are not	always very	charitable in d«-
amoothly over the figures "1T	and "S"	*«>n lie	there.	\<‘K so.	\\ hat would	Vaulhave done f
and "4^ and "5 " but the figure "6 hlcrntly I hor«v near it rolls.	He would have lived out 11** du»trine
gives him a bijr* jolt. He says:	"It can-	Count	the vast value*	of your «oui»,	uf thin	chapter. He	would have held
not lie that F am sixty, bet	me ex-	Beware	and count the awful coat,	an the	correct standard of propriety,
amine the old family record. 1 guen* What they have gained, where wnile ‘That which you can do in l Imp name
¦	ifîiiTî.feTirpJîS
Hut no, the older brother or eietcre---- tune, re.sgmxlng the weaknesa of thesa
the SUNDAY school.
sure enough the fact is established he-	- for their w.ula would tuive çhwrfully
^ iUnge^*1 i'a“the*ternptaTi'on°Ï * INTERNATIONAL LESSON. MARCH 21. ^iTw^Ll .veiTTf he though?
Ja	». Vo.“ ..............
you do not look out you will begin »»!-	Holden Text. I « or. ». *5.	or spiritually, hut to gain aoula. I M
GENERAL STATEMENT.	3ft % ‘.IPSJi gni,."«micv Yet
the sixties more memorable to Hod and The ai no verses that we study ar* i’aul was not Inane >n his dfxd.nnee,
did in any thirty years of your life, selves an argument, which begins with tiabt of morality ami faith. He held very
S:H'&=i!F;3S r rzr satt=r }pp BEEBHEt
ahout your juriors. Now, under the dimposed of the question which the Cor- creed, for the only value of the latz-aocumulating light of your past ex- jnthian church put to him regarding ter is an a means to the attainment
ÉSSS srrst tz&xts. E£SH
he has done enough, it is the devil of |jut i* willing to sacrifice that liberty Mini,illy pronounced, there is no credit
E;3 iraEEB awswsaws ;5»pS
Ilia brain that under the tension of sake of narrower consciences than his t0 have a good life with a had creed.
sSaSS =Æ£\rj= vr& é%k %%%
lv retire to the grave. The world was was an apostle ; there were Christian** lived by faith in the Son of Cod. Beyond made for work. There remaineth a eve<n in Corinth who would way that the Gospel he had no motive# or hope*.
cided one of the greatest battles of the renonciation ; and so he begins in this ed." He was an apostle; we th nk him
ESSuBuEiE	nr,l":
camp at two o'clock in the afternoon any apostle, and as much an apostle as selling bread; a physician is not cur-My subject next accosts those in the	and gives in verses 15-18 the true ed by administ ering medicine ; a preach-
sartr-swaft.ÆC.& —-•*™h,“lMr. asaa*
ly crossed the sea of life and are about Our lesson begins at verse 19, where to jjve a charge to keep, a duty to disr to enter the harbor. You have fought ke repeats tlie holy principles of per- charge, a God to glorify, a soul to save;
EEB~ æ	zL-zrL.1 :	SF *****
the aiu of the world, but I guess you re prejudice to save a soul. By "the weak 24. They which run in a race run all, about done There may he some work Paul refers to Christians who were not hut one receiveth the prize. The lath-
itssmsur’isysr-rtt ^	,b; ,,r“ru 1 stsr ss, sssi.iss&
eighties. The Prime Minister of Eng- Jewish ceremonialism or of Gentile wor them. To them Paul naturally turns land etdxmg at 84. Hayden composing ship. Part of every sacrifice offered for a rhetorical figure to point his mo-
'.IS Siït“ u',' ï„ .£3	'-Tf	SUÆ.^SrZ.'Ti'KJVL!
servant of God, are going to try an- propoerty of the pr est , part was rt Ovation goes by competition; but he other life amid better surroundings, turned to the worshipers to lie eaten means that as in a race not all who run Stop looking back and look ahead Oh, in a feast in honor of the god. Often I run so as to obtain the prize for which
s,t£r	ith <— Hf’.s*
come, your grandest associations are market for sale, sometimes fr en > strength to bring tnem to a happy is-yet to be formed, your best eyesight |s heathens invited Christians to dine sue."—Dods. So run, that ye may ob-yet to be kindled, your best hearing is w^h them and served the food which tain. If for the racers there had been
M j“ “r Mri
dest song is y eft to be sung fhe (most god. 1 here was thus great clang* r ma I some mo ran that they would not ob-of your friends, have gone over the id0iatry might in several ways be un- tain any prize. (6) Let no Christian be border and you are going to join them ^ ioitol countenanced. Paul took a a 0f»i,«pe.	'
very soon. They are waiting for >»“¦ 8lroD„ common-sen.se	view of the mat-	& Every man that «triveth for the
They are watching the golden shore to	*JIe	(elt that an	idol was nothing.	™«tery te temperate in all things. Bet-
see you Und. They are watching the ^	tbe	meat waa neiUier belter nor	.'hat stnveth in the games.' The
ss-wil&s i? sr.iïs?îi	^aass	s
Itew hWE^plillS
putting one foot on the winds and the Verse 19. Though I be free from all &trioted In their food and trained with other on the waves, He proved Himself men, yet have 1 made myself servant I severity. One day's carelessness would mightier thuja hurricane and billows. unto all. “Free" means independent undo the result of a week of careful There are wo many diseases in the ^ ^ meajl* Qf livelihood. Head ‘slave’ adherence to tlie rules prescribed. Paul world we want with us a divine physi- instead of " servant." So Luther says implies that the first duty of a Clinician uanable of combatting ailments. “A Christian man is the most free tian racer is to lie " temperate;" to he and (Ait Lord when on earth showed |or<i Qf aut and subject to none; a detached from this world ; to rule his what Hb cOild do with catalepsy and Kristian man is the most dutiful ser- desires ; to recognize that if one is to paralysis and ophthalmia and demen- vant of all, and subject to everyone." succeed in the raw for eternal life all Oh take this supernatural 1 nf° That 1 might gain the more. "A the spiritual energy at command will ;i2 your, lives. How to get it ( Just as course which none but a man of wide lie required. They do it to obtain a y du geit anything you want. By aP~ sympathy and charity, clear intellect, corruptible crown. We are to remem-plicatioaiw If you want anything you	thorough integrity can adopt."— lier, however, that though the crown
apply for it. By praying apply for the Majrus d0(i8.	* i was corruptible, that is, ope that would
sui>e.rnatural. Take it into your daily 20. Unto the Jews 1 became as a Jew', soon wither—a w reath of pine leaves business. Many a toan has been *ule that 1 might gain the Jews. "When perhaps—it was, nevertheless, more este» pay oniy fifty cents on the dollar ^ undertook to secure the conversion teemed than a crown of silver or gold, who, if he had called in the superna- Qf Jews I put myself in the place for it represented much. No general dural, could have paid one hundred t^e j€VV| i patiently accommodated fresh from conquests was received with
the dollar. Why do ninety- myseif to his ways of thinking so far greater honors than the victor at the I out of a hundred fail m as j legitimately could." (1) The best games. " The wall of his city was
__  Because there are not more %vuy to change the wrong opinions of thrown down that he might pass in
thin two ttileex (Ait of a hundred who	pefson jB to appreciate and to bar- as a conquerer. and his statue was set
take God into their worldly affairs m(>n,ze with his right opinions. Bitter- up by his fellow-citizens."—Farrer. But "Hut behind the great unknown stand- nwJJJ provokes olwtinacy. You cannot we an incorruptible. The rewards for eth God within the shadows, keeping remove a man's difficulties until you which the Christ inn strives are holv watch upon His own."	see them from the man’s point of view character. God's favor, and celestial
A man, got up in a New lork prayer M well u from your own ; it is doubtful glory. (7) Let no self-denial lie thought meeting and said : ' God is my partner, ;,ndeetl whether you can remove dif- ^ great in view of such an ineorrup-1 did business without Him tor twenty | ficultiM until you have personally felt tible crown.
years, and failed every two or three their presfiure.* (2) Without true sym- j 26. I therefore so run, not as uncer _ ears. I have been doling business wiin athy no mu\ was ever "gained," and ts • lv. Vo! ai though T did not know Him fog twenty years and have not sympathy simply the art of seeing where I was going, or did not care who ailed once. Oh take the suP^n* with other folk’s eyes. To them t hat h^r or not I reached mv destination ; tmral into all your affairs. 1 ba'! bUl.“ are under the law. as under the lav. not merely as a man who want to run. an evidence vA the goodness OIUfx‘.™ The “law" of course, was the law of but as a man who is determined to
temporal thmgs when I entered active	as interpreted by the tradition w,n. Wo must count the cost if we
life f musr testify. Called to preach K tfae pl(lers. a prescribed sacrifices, would win the prize Paul had set aside at lovely Belleville in New "f^sey, i	ritualistic ceremonies, fasts, stat- ambdious. culture wealth, and poei-
ent«red upiai my work- **ut nere ^ attendance on the synagogues, and tion; he had run past them, and him
8*
EPOCHS OF MO’S LIFE
_____	and established in y<**r ooruiwi mn or
REV. DR. TALMAOE DESCRIBES IT profession. Ten yearn ago you. thought PROM CHILDHOOD TO OLD AOE. Jjj U»t
ss E:> 5£r£ SH
plrelloai - («minimi Frogreee ihr you m.1 and waited for business and WalrhWard uf * Tree «Inn's Journey wai,ted in vain. three Demons only Through This Vnle ef Train,	Ik now—God, your wife ana y ou rue 1 r
fna^InFctJ*11 T* V’B "trik' Phïr’J.h'atb thirty J‘l2rtd was thirty
in« and characteristic sermon to a years old when be began to reign. I he great audience from the text, Psalm height of Solomon's temple was thirty
S™ kor’XnÎTanr ""	rilt?
The àevenlieth milestone of life is Oh, the thirties! What a wxxrd might* re planted at the	end	of	the journey,	gestive	of triumph or disaster > our
J	decade	is the one that will probably
_	« ;?	an,	j <	1 , .	afford	tlie greatest opportunity for *M
reach it.	rhe	oddest	person of modern	(ary,	lievau»e>here is the greatest
times expired at on** lmndred and necessity fur struggle. H^ead the
sixty-nine years. A Greek by the world's history “^IJaiw what
t*0»’ <* Stravaride, lived to	one	bun-	2der!'^tC	Great e!<Ld h k career at
dred and thirty-two years.	An	Eng-	thirty-two.	Frederick the Great made
liahman, by the name of Thomas Parr, Europe tremble with h m armies at
»T;d T	fifty-tw ay— It'^IrtT o£? *23*8htoh'ln™
Before the time of Moses, people lived it**.**/ when thirty-eight. Raphael on*' hundred and fifty years, and if you died at thirty-aevwi. Luther was the
sz/æ %. » ru- ee
sary, because the story of the world (;(M| an(j against Hi in were done with-muM come down by tradition, and it in the thirties, and your greatest bat-
had been short-lived, the story would time when you will cease expressing it en often have changed lips that it by putting first the figure 3.
inicM.il h«v, gone astray.	Hut	after	lo Uod'a name and
Moses began to write it all	down, and God’s grace make . it the greatest
Itarchlneol told it from century to cen- nohievisnent. My prayer is for a*l tury, it was toot necessary that people those in the tremendous ' rxieis b *
should lire so loi* in order to authen-	th/%re%nJdm^Je of you,
ticate the events of the past. If, in our history, you decide all the* following time, people lived only twenty-five decades. When I was in Russia* I
yeara that would dot affect history.	there
since it is put in print and is no long- fuu_bt 8Uch a battle at that small er dependent on tradition. Whatever village ? It was seventy miles from your age, I will to-day directly ad- Moscow. Why that deei* rate drug-
ireaa you and I «hall apeak to those	^grabble with
who are in the twenties, the thirties, une	red and sixty thousand Rus-
the forties, the fifties, the sixties and si ans, and thirty thousand dead
*" n.r .b.... I. ............... STÏSÏÏ» « ,M1
beyond.	% was because the fate of Moscow,
First, then I accost those of you who the sacred city exf Russia, *vas decided are in the twenties. You are full of tbere--decided seventy miles avva.Y
expectation.	You are ambitious-that	we	at the	Borodino,
is. if you	amountt to anything—for	whence	will resound	its successes or
some kind of success, commercial, or its moral disasters clear on inta the literary, or	agricultural, or social or	«rawtisa, if you Uve	to t e	ree •
moral. If	I find someone in the	j a<xost the	forties	Yours is
twenties without any sort of ambition, the decade of discovery. 1 do toot mean I feel like saying, "My friend. you the discovery of the	butJhe
h*;e«ot on,;h; wron« Pjttnet- Th,a b SSSTjJVÿ forty0 He over-not the world for you. 1 ou are going eatimates or under estimates himself.
to be in the way. Have you made jjy that time he has learned what he
your choice of poorhoiisesf You will can^o. or^wtot	°genius
never be able to pay for your cradle. enougb to Income a millionaire, but Who is going to settle for your board t oow he is satisfied to make» a com-
r'Z.::: ES%&	%
you have ambition, let me say, to all m content if he can successfully argue the twenties expect everything through a common case before a petit jury. He
Di.In.	™ .=» ,Wn ... M<	!* £«.'“! .S~
get all you want or something better. of a Willard Parker or a Sims; now Are you look in# for wealth? WelL re- he finds his sphere is that of a family
the caterpillars, the locusts, the sun- mage a reckoning, but now it clears
that which Is stored up in banks, in Um) top 0f the hill and he takes! a long safe deposits, in United Statessecuri- breath. He is half way through the
S’S iSk'b&^l 5 wZA'%
clothing and board and shelter, ana ^ mare g(KJa	than be ever bid.
that is about all you can appreciate jjs knows human nature for he has
2T - xjsj-z rr
you for a lifetime requires a big sum ^ also knows the good side of it. Now, of money, and if you get nothing more calm yourself. Thank God for the
thnn the absolute neee^jou get P«t.	C
amount of supply. E cbawe(| through thistledown peel aft much os you will of any kind blown enough soap bubbles. You have of success, if you expect it from, the 8een the unsatisfying nature of all Lord you are safe. Depend on any ^rtbly things. Open a new chapter other resource and you may lie badly with God and the world. This de-chegrinrd. but depend on God and all (>a(je Qf the forties ought to eclipse all will he well. It Is a good thing in the predecessors in worship, in useful-crisis of life to hbve a man of large nefla aj^i happiness. "Forty”' is a great mean* to back you up. It is a great wor(i m the Bible. God’s ancient peo-thing to have a moneyed institution pje were forty years in the wilderness, stand behind you in your undertaking. Solomon and Jehsash reigned forty Hut it is a mightier thing to have the yeara. When Joseph visited his breth-God of heaven and earth your coad- ren he was forty years old. Oh, this tutor, and you may have Him. I am mountain top of the forties. You have glâd thaï I meet you while you are now the character you will probably in the twenties. You are laying out have for all time and all eternity. God. vour plans and all your life in this by His grace, sometimes changes a world and tlie next for five hundred man after the forties, but after that million years of your existence will be a man never changes himself. Tell me, affected by these plane. It is about 0h, men and women who are in the piffht o'clock in the morning of your forties, your habits of thought and life, life and you are just starting out, and 1 will tell you what will forever Which wav are you going to start? he. I might make a mistake once in Oh the twenties !	a thousand times, but not more than
•'Twenty" i« a great word in the Ln that proportion.
Rih’e Jo&ento was sold for twenty My sermon next accosts the fifties, niece-i of silver. Samson judged Israel How queer it looks when in writing
hi;ist
7*oh«riah saw was twenty cubits, which shows that the other decades When the sailor# on the ship on which which shows what the other decades
%% j VC c,^
mightv thing» have beein dolne in the gLme, be reaps the harvest of it in the twenties Rcbiulus founded Rome when fifties, or if by necessity he was combe warn twenty. Keats finished Life at pelled to over toil in honest directions, twent r^five. Lafayette was a world- he is called to settle U4> with exacting
twentv-seven. Bonaparte was victor thay are octogenarians at fifty. Sciati-fwer Italy at twenty-six. Pitt waa cas and rheumatism and neuralgias
Er î&sr&'sK&a «: ^sav&'asr? %.'k
mortal "Institutes" by the time he was begins to whiten, and although he may
assis-	iss rxt sots
h. *<“-oaf jsaft S£?iSrs iss s
7h-t nrf«ni.«ed yon alvation or threa- the most marked casge of longevity.
S5« S5SS" 5SSiiwïtf	S»
s-rs‘S
viliHpd You make your most abiding You have made so many voyages, you
^«4% %'ss sasasu drp
fltT jpSUfl Christ's sake have have a *soul full of doxology. In Bible „ii the men and women in times in Canaan every fifty years was
1 by God’s command a year of jubilee.
A few go lieyonll it; multitude# never
vie-
are
A'Jex-
». 4












oom-
have
You 1
an enormous
ve
• M
Lia
*»
cents wn
eight men business ?
so
#T*
l»i
me
fore
i!VSS


the
set


Life.

Almighjy mercy <m
the twi/ntieX













' w Y
L
V


TO
T



###PAGE###4###



> •
category t The presumption Is simply infamous. If such statements are not slanderous as well as grossly insulting to the people not only of Thorne but of the whole county» we must confess being mis taken as to the meaning of the language, as well as to having considerably under rated the quality of Mr. Martin's neigh bora* forbearance.
Another assertion contained in Martin's first letter is this :	41 A certain gentle*
(who) pretended to act am Mr. Gab oury's agent during the latter part of polling day in Thorne, and afterwards received a sum of money to improve the public roads from the provincial government, through Mr. Poupore in return for hie services.” This man, says Martin, was surely bribed.. We are not aware to whom the charge refera, but it bears all the ear marks of a very silly cock and-
bull story. It is a well known fact that (111(1 \V119011 S.	w , ftre e(mallV anxiOUS tO Hl-
coloniiatiou grants are annually spent m	, t> „ i	1
8 tTOlucc them to *ou- We are
ÏS ”» JL 3ÏÏ5: » Z SMB TeM .	. showing the newest and nob.
n„	'	West effect, in DRESS LENGTHS
for scribbling, with a verbiage magnin- ^on^^ly and to the beat advantage of the ButtOI* lUUS.	e	,
cently exuberant, aided by inspirations looAlity interested. Unfortunately for	_	_	.	,	,	.	(of	7	Yards),	pflCGS ranging
imbued from hoary-pated ooadjutors and the highways of Thorne and elsewhere	Barbed	and	p'aiU rOllCC
suiitisriw, r -i- to «. I. *-i. .b. jg	5Ü	Wircs-	from 4010	7acts'
distinction he is evidently thirsting after, breaches of observance in respect thereof, his efforts in that direction should prove Professing to know so much about wrong abundantly successful.	doing in other spheres, perhaps friend
¦*@r
garding the virtues and vices of the lead-	i • • . _ _ W *	^ _ a — — ^ — *1 a 1»
The Gquity.
THE LADIES WILL BE CLAD TO GET
ACQUAINTED
With our new spring j HATS Si CAPS
DRESS OOODS.

: I Spring
Requisites.
SHAWVILLK, MAR. 18, 1897.
Mr. J. M. McDougall ham received the unanimous nomination of the Wright Conservatives, to contest the county with Mr. Champagne in the by-election which takes place this month. Mr. McDougall, at a very enthusiastic meeting held last Wednesday in Hull, proposed that Mr. Charles Logue, of Maniwaka, be the Conservative standard bearer, but for personal reasons that gentleman was obliged to decline the honor. The fight, although abort, is likely to be a very hot one, and it is said Mr, McDougall'# prospects of redeeming the county are exceedingly bright.
SPRING
man
Timothy and Clover Seeds. Coarse and fine Salts.
Flour, Renfrew, P D. Fort,
now in stock.
Large Range.
Poultry Netting.
Post hole Augers and Shov-
Fine Quality.
Low Prices.
Why not make it the occasion of a special trip to inspect these goods. They are worth
seeing, and remember, we have
the EXCLUSIVE DESIGNS IN THOSE SUITINGS.
Felt Papers.
Window Glass.
Wire and Cut Nails. Ready mixed Paints. Wall Papers.
Sap Spouts etc.
« safely leave him and hia shady accessories
ssssssssateesssesss
attention at the present.
We do not propose to follow E. T. M. through the tangled maze of words which
constitute his interminable acreed, neither I ^r Errent of'îuvecuve and abuse do we require to revert to his previous ef-1 hi§ ^ni|U hM l0ipelled hun to pour
upon the heads of Mr. Poupore and numerous friends in Thorne and else where throughout the county.
tune Mr. M will no doubt learn—dwarfed though his perception and tin agre hie en lightenraent -how surpriaingly little public opinion has been influenced in ilia fn-
SEE THEM.
fort to assure us that ho had slandered both Mr. Poupore and the electors of Thorne. But there area few points which Edmund T. evidently expects us to take notice of, and doubtless he would be much chagrined if his wishes in this re
JmbTZZbld %Lt in hi. firstly11 18	t0 'county.IQf other seasonable goods at
letter E. T. M. made an array of sweep,	^ stupendous influences that the	that knock Competition
ing charges of corruption against Mr. Government is bringing to bear against
Poupore and others in connection with him. One of these influences is the loathe election in Thorne, declaring that portation by the Government into Otta dozens of the voters of that township had ** of scores of Hull voters to work been bribed to vote for Poupore. Com around the Parliament Buildings and mooting on this The Equity remarked with contractor Bourque, who ft few that if Martin's charges were true, the weeks ago, altogether contrary to Lib-electors of Thorne must be a case har- @ral doctrine, was given the job, without dened lot. Subsequently we character tender, of repairing the West Block. In-ized the whole thing as a slander against cidentally, it may be observed, Mr.
Mr. Poupore and the honest yeomanry of Bourque is a good Grit, and therefore Thorne. And lo, friend Martin stands uiay b* safely trusted not to charge the aghast in consequence ! Our presump- country an exorbitant figure for the work lion amazes him. Can it be possible that he has been entrusted with we doubt His word, screams Edmund T.! wtjre he to do so, the assistance he is And immediately comes the threat that rendering the Government candidate in “ y 14 yes,’’ most astounding revela- Wright these days will be sufficient to tion will follow. If this does not strike expurgate him from the offence. Mr. the average mind as a very prodigious Tarte will see to that, game of bluff, we are much mistaken. I Furthermore, it will surprise us if public
in*
We sell those and hundreds E. HODCINS & SONS.] Je SHAW.
From what we can learn Mr. McDou
out.
P..S-Prints and Wall Papers.
G. P. HODGINS.
Shawville Furniture store.
; but even
J. A. BECKETT,
GENERAL MANUFACTURER —OF—
I wish to say to the publie genenally that »w Is the time to procure one of the
opinion doe. not regard it m marvellously I L»imdry ao«p at your own offer-six CELEBRATED CHATHAM WAGGONS
strange indeed that K T Martin-po. | bar. for . quar,er-.t McGmre . Grocery,	.wek^ Dsr^b. wwon_o,
sessed as he pretends to be of such a T T T—People, come along Î We have and the names of i he purchasers can be had
pEZz uz"	V: s£ SSsss fiftHes
great fund of information at the service uf » trial and be convinced. We are open any purchaser, the petitioner whom he so roundly berated fur a few good hind quarter beef in ex for throwing up the sponge. There was change for tea.	Jno. G. McGi ir*.
surely ample time to do so. For months the petition hung on file in the prnthono-tary'a office until finally it was met aside for 1+ck of evidence ! What a grand op-port unity for the newly recruited Mr Qatg Martin to distinguish himself in the right- peR8 ecus cause of Gritiam 1 But he let it slip. Buckwheat During the lung period between the filing ^ye
and disposing of the petition not ihe .......
faintest squeak was heard from him. Yet \vtloi.
no sooner was it relegated to the waste basket than our friend swoops down with	pcr IOC
a vigorous protest, assuming, as it were,	jqq
the proportions of a veritable magasine,	<r
liable at any moment to explode and scat Calfskins ter death and destruction among the ranks of the enemy. But despite these pe|fs
ominous forebodings nothing very serious Turkeys per lb 1..
hw thu. far occurred. Il Been,., however, fieew andChicken." per lb that the calamity has only been sidetracked for a season and may be down — - — - ~ ~	---------
Cook's Cotton Boot Compound
Mr. Martin to touch the button-and then	onV. 6a^C| re^^e
—chaos for Conservatism in Pontiac Î We !	monthly medicine on which
implore Mr. M. to stay his hand ere he	ladies can depend in the
precipitates upon us so dire a catastrophe;	ana ***** °f ***<*.
and to the same end also we are peisuaded	\ ls VTt î-Rte-d in two degrees
to invoke an exercise for good ,,f those y	of strength.
Mr. Martin doe. not eppear J” be fav	atronger—sold by druggists.	One box,	, ,
orebly impressed with nur u.e of the word	Three Doll.r.; two boxe., Five Dollsrs.	The Undersigned DCgS	to an-
“ .lander” to désignai,) what he hae wnt	No or No, ,, mailed on	receipt of	nounce to the	farinera and general publie
ten regarding Mr. Poupore and the elec	price and two 3 cent stamps.	Bristol and	vicinity, that they	are fully
ÎT. rifle »T,h that ht"» Üôrf"” ” tta	Th* C°°k	** ^	^ *
turned against us as an engine of destruction. Herein shines that hereditary (legal)	8old In Shawville at Dr. Knox’s Drug
which naturally distinguishes the ^nllblël,Cl‘ne("‘ by *"
FURNITURE,
FURNITURE,
FURNITURE.
Carriages,
Wagons, Sleighs,
Cutters, etc.
MAIN STREET,
SHAWVILLE.
A Oar Load of McLaughlin Carriages on the Way
Shawville Produce Quotatins.o
16 to 17
(BUGÛIB8. PHAETONS, EXPRESSE8 <fc CARTS)
which I will well cheap to good men on easy terms, and remarkably cheap
for spot cash.
All Orders Promptly
Filled.
36
.. 23 to 25
The name •'McLaughlin'* Is a guarantee as 30 10 the style, quality at d comfort.	—
Repairing in Wood or Iron executed neatly. I RE PA [RTNfr
Prices Moderate.	1	1UA111,
12
17 to 18
12 to 13
Parties who desire a first-class winter rigout of any kind _	__ .will do well by giving me a
J. McARTHUR. I call. Terms reasonable and
satisfaction guaranteed.
6.00
HOUSE-SHOEING A SPECIALTY.
O—
. 0 00 to 0 00 8.00 to 9 00 ... 25 to 30 4 75 to 6 25 .. 40 to 60
ton
A. SMILEY,
Main Street, Shawville.
(OppositeQ. F. Hodgln's store.)
• • • •
• • •
G. M. Donaldson's old stand.

5 to 5J Telephone No. 5.
J. A. BECKETT.
LIVERY,
Bristol
R. HOBBS, PROP.,
SHAWVILLE, - - HUE. 11 A J. MM.
Saw and - -Grist Mills.

One of the best equipped
Liveries
in the District. •
CHAWGFS M'lDrp^TE.
THE PERFECT TEA
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
[ease A Sign Painter, Gilder, Glazier. Decorator.
Custom Gristing,
Monsoon
l
gifted offspring of an illustrious sire.
Notwithstanding Mr. Martin's threat, however, we adhere to the conclusion that application of the objectionable term pretty closely tills the bill. Our reader* shall judge from Martin s own words :
41 In this township alone I could point out dozens of cases of bribery and corruption.1’—11 Bribed the electors of Thorne | Call at the with both whiskey and money."
J. Poupore, a man who should Mash arm'd to show his face in Pontiac” etc.—“ W.
J. Poupore . . . elected by men who did not care a snap of their fingers who they voted for if they only obtained a few cents ora drink of whiskey.” Juit fancy, kind
WHÊtB*9ÊÈÊÊÊIÈltÊIKKÊÊÊKIlÊÊKÊ
electors of Hi m
---INCLUDING--
WHITE FLOUR, GRAHAM FLOUR, BUCKWHEAT FLOUR, CORN MEAL AND GENERAL HASHING.
ALL ORDRES PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
j ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
For a Shave or Haircut
our
the
in the would
FROM THE TEA PLANT TO THE TVS cud IN ITE NATIVE PURITY.
R8T CLASS WORKMANSHIP AND SAT
We are prepared to grind every day in the year (excepting Sundays) and oar arrangements are so perfected that every farmer may get hie own grist without returning a second time for it. If you wish to save money and feast on wholesome food, try our stone ground flour.
«FACTION GUARANTEED.
“ w.
eS&ÊSssm
h wb,	P-CU<e*"
•old at the
flair Dressing Parlor
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
be
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
,r jjet.'BBjg rapAsjdaai
TOMAN, BROS. & CO.
( OPPOSITE O. F, HODGINS' STORE, )
cràî':lü"Z|„L*, YowNc
5 lbs.
PROP




*•?








###PAGE###5###
Letter from 1er. S. STaylor,
the inside with paper, and put while drill ~	.	.	,olrer the paper and alio ceiled it with
Coming up on the 1‘Arctic/’ the Indi white drill. The Bishop gave me a comans employed on the boat were always munion teble cover, and Mrs. Conatan-gettmg nek of work, and the purser once	tine came over one day and fitted it on a
a day called all the nick men around him,	table ; and we have now a very pretty
ami dealt out to each ones handful of communion table. Now that we have iw—	— m
o|ni.>m salt «.and made them stand before moat of our préparations finished for the AllgllSil *W60uSe him and eat it nut of their hand*. He winter, I have more time for visiting. I **	m
eatd they would drink clown cm#tor oil by I find most of the men give me a very G&ZL8,(113,H TWOOuS.
, Pjnti w well as epiom salts if he ml hearty invitation to visit them in thefr . __ _ _ lowvd them to put it in water; and the mines in the winter.	A T? fin ^lii mr\
only way to m»ke the medicine disagree- Clondike promisee to be quite a place—	XV. iaivVJUii
able, and so cure them, was to make nearly all the population of Forty Mile	“THE TAILOR”
them eat it drv, and nothing less than a	have either gone or intend to go there.	pa	,	a	.
handful was of any use. The purser’s al-	When the steamer reached Forty Milo	*'“•	H ack	Suita, n 1 Styles,
low a nee of epeom salts from the com-! and unloaded, the miners got them to panv’s stores for the trip up the river and proceed up to Clondike. and 200 men back to 8t. Michael's, was twenty five | went up. Flewelling had arrived only a
P°“n<**e	few hours before, and rented one of the
On Sept 27th we began taking up ool- few cabins, and got the key. The Bishop lections at the services, and a oongrega- | went up on the steamer. Flewelling had tion of seventeen gave $8.26, Y esterday I not immediately moved into hi# cabin, the collection was $6 80, from a oongrega hut stayed with an Indisn family, or lion of about seventeen. If they keep up « rather stayed in a cabin where only two an average of $6.00 per Sunday it will be Indian families lived. Here the Bishop very good. Ada mulo a nice collection j found him. He took the Bishop to see plato by pasting a piece of red flannel on j hie new home, and found that a saloon a good, deep granite ware plate. Mr. keeper, who had came ud on the steamer,
Janes has promised us an aluminium | had entered hi* house through a window, plato. Hold duet would slide easily off and was already doing a rushing trade, that. It would bo apt to stick to the The Bishop returned on the steamer to flannel. However, no gold dust has been Forty Mile Flewelling,# few days later, put on yet, though it is the chief medium sent a letter by someone coming down in of exchange.	I an open boat, saying that in the end he
Oct. 7, i896.—The “Arctic” managed ! considered it wisest to leave the saloon to get within 12 miles of Forty Mile, and ; keeper in peaceful possession, and had yesterday some of the passengers tramped : started building a house for himself. He over the hills and reached us. Mr. Wil tramped down on the ice last week and •on, the A. C. Go's superintendent for stayed with us over Sunday, and started the Yukon district came. Mrs Wilson back again two day# ago. The ice on remained on the ateamer with the child- the Youkon is very rough and makes ren and nurses. David Peneptchak, the hard travelling.
atewart of the "Arctic/’ came with Mr. The weather is getting cold—39 below Wilson to see us. He says be is to stay in zero ibis morning. We do not feel it
Forty mile all winter as Mr. Wilson's much.	, __________	#
ZZ,	t' & IrnHE most positive evidence that we are doing as
we Promised 18,in the fact that customers who £S5w!2«2S S' Kx/C	J have/vimtod the clearing sale now going on have
K:	purchased largely, and as they notice they carry
tetoïÏÏïïrLbïïJLSrS; J.? :: :£ïlz :52?-Law®7 about double the quantity of goods for a dol-
jlar that they would from elsewhere. They don't in I case fail to return and double their purchases.
date June 24th.	necessary. Getting into a “parki” is I
Mr. Wilson brought the good news quite an art,—almost as much as in pad I ——. —	e _
Z" wt rt Z “-JË „ We wish to again remind the public that every
the "Arctic." The boat is frozen in ed to teke my picture when I here it on. QOll AT A WnTT.n nf close to shore, end if they cannot chop Ads is treasurer and business manager,	w TV U-LL
her out, she may here to winter there, and finds the duties of the position quite	.	a* ..a*, a.	_
atriatTZZzt -sx . J -^“Coods must be sold regardless of cost.
work. Kr. Bowen ie to winter »t Fort Constantine, end stayed ell afternoon,
Yukon or Circle Cite. He wrote me a coming back in time to get tea and en ml_	,	,	_	,
ssœzita	Those who have not visited the sale yet, should
ilSSiSiStSrtïî :Zu.	S?£j:5Z	.miss opportunity. The stock is complete in
onlydo'th!1.1 whTthe riwdLr/of Toe ^	** A. Naylor. &11 linOS. Whether yOU WBttt tO pUFChaSB OF FLOt Call
“ÆÆ55. 20th, 1896.—Nearly~^oi	examine the goods and prices.
weeks since we last wrot#:% The steeflUgRl
was stranded and they told ue that she	• • a ¦
would not come up until spring. The	0610 Drat 6 Œ
ice had run out of the river pretty well. So on Monday Oct. 12th, Mr.
Totty and I, with four Indians, wont down in a row boat and brought back a load of freight. One Indian eat in the boat coming back and three towed. Mr.
Totty and I walked, and sometimes we pulled in a hard place, It became dark before we reached home and the Indians wanted to atop. One of them had two others persuaded to go and leave us ; but one man maid he would stay with us.
We asked him if he would help us pull the boat the rest of the way, and he said that at that place we must cross the river and tow on the other side, and he would help us. We thought that the three of
us could manage ; so we told the other . .	T	,
three to go away, that we did not want &LM6, L0&V6 yOU Order DOW them any more. Upon this they changed	.
their minda and crossed the river with us, and SVOlu the rush, and towed the load again. I expect their object in threatening to desert us was to get us to offer them extra pay. _ then about three miles to go when we had agi
igaipi_
no food since 11 30 a m., and were nearly fainting with hunger.
The next day Mr. Totty, Mr. Flewel ling and I, took one Indian and went for another load. This time we got back about 6 p. m , having towed the load ourselves. On Wednesday Mr. Flewel ling made another start to Clondike, and I took three Indians and went down to the steamer again and brought up another load. The Captain told us he thought
### mmm
ton mission freight that we had not been able to bring in the three trips. Our
three trips were thus a needles# expense, | Special attention paid to although wo could not foresee it. The company had warned us that we must get our freight up to Forty Mile at our -own | and all kind* expense, and it would have been much dearer to wait until ice came.
rjjpBjiMBpBi
ed safely from Montreal	,
following a^li.eIeel^nd y® aijab,e to j Charges moderato
which they ought to be : The aide irons
and it la almost shabby by this time.	—	— TTtQf II171 L>
The country ie very hard-on eojhes.	. LjJliO JL JtijJlv.
iW ft. We lined 1 Shawville, Nov. 9, 1890.
_	Ask for s sample car card of our ready
; | Famous English Serges. |	New ând STSSS:
Scotch Tweeds.
Teachers Wanted.
Wanted, three experienced school teachers male or female, ho ding first else* provincial diplomas, one to take charge of school No 4 for the term of nine mo the, of 1 Of, days ac-
***¦
“is whereabout* will he *u tably rewarded.
J AS. W. RKtVHON.
Fort Cou longe, Que
STRAYED.
LAWRSMOB HLATTKUV,
Weorets ry-Treasa rer,
Hheenboro, P.Q
| March loth, 1#A7,
#

3
I
We and B18É81 ! Dry Goods, Groceries; Readymade Clothing, Hats
o r DO C 0 ]tod Caps, Boots and Shoes, Hardware, Crockery O l n U l O. ! Drugs, etc., in galore, at your own price at the monster Clearing Sale.
5
Just what you want for a Spring Suit. Prices reason-
Respectfully Yours,
O’MEARA & HODCINS
We had
C. FRAME
;
ain to cross the river, and were ome at 9 p. m. We had had
Quyon, March 16th.
Fashionable Tailor, Shawville.
I
REMOVAL BACK TO OLD STAND.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
IdoCredie 55 Eodgins, - - Proprietors.
Wanted-An Idea
Mr»",' its&Jisisri BMâàs
neye. Washington, D. C. for their $1.800 prit- offer end llet of two hundred Invention» wanted.
Who can think
Men and Women
Sashes, Doors, Mouldings, Blinds, etc., etc., manufactured.
A II kinds of Plaining and Matching executed.
Everywhere, to conduct business at home. No ting; work la simple writing and copying addresses revelved from local advert!»-
HORSB-SHOBIITO -0.
lists of
log, to be forwarded to os daily. No previous experience required, but plain writers preferred. Permanent work to those content to earn #d or more weekly In spare time. Apply to
Wabrbn Fob. Co. Ixmdon, Ont
JOBBING AND ESPAIBZNG.
of our freight arriv-
We mise the

Shingles for Sale.

Building Contracts taken and Estimates Furnished.


Twenty thousand first quality Pine Shingles for sale. Apply to
J. G. ELLIOTT.
LUMBER ALWAYS ON HAND.
PROVENDER FOR SALE.
Shawville, March 1, 1897.
We have now •
room. It is about
Robt. McCredie.
R G. Hodgins.



Si
• ss

###PAGE###6###
**¦ NS



THE DIAMOND JUBILEE
MURDERED HIS WIFE.
INVASION OF TURKEY
ginoe the abandonment of the ICcig-Jiah Channel tunnel schema the shaft at Dover ha* been used as a ooel mine. It was suddenly flooded and eight of i lie iwen working in the mine were drowned.	'
The aysdicat* appointed by Cambridge University to consider the question of granting degrees to women recommends that the degree of H A lie conferred by diploma upon those who have already passed or hereafter ing the final < ripoa.
The statement that a state of ten-i)a lists between Great Britain and
!
A
Hubert J. Fowler, formerly of MUfara Fallu, Oui., lire» Two HulleU lalo MU
THE ROYAL PROGRESS THROUGH
THE GREAT CITY,
Il
GREECE PREPARED TO DEFY THE
SIX POWERS.
IBrrntl.
A dMpatcè frutn Niagara Kalla. N.Y*
Monday
THE VERY LATEST FROM ALL THE
WORLD OVER.
¦ays At 10.30 o’clock on ¦
Rolwrt J. PowJey murdered
Window* In tirent Demand-Jnbllee Coins
Mini tieorge’» Hlaleuirnl—Kxperled to Row
evening	I
Ins wife by rtutiH h«ir twlos in the
breast as she la> m bed in her rooms Th* Ixmrion newspapers are filled over Cole & Merriiun's drug sti»re at with plans for the celebration of the the corner of Main and Ontario streets Queen's diamond jubilee, and specul at Sus|x*n#ion Bridge, N.\where she tion in windows has already begun, had been living the past few months. Opposite St. Paul's cathedral they are aeparated from hFr husband, with her already asking £200 for a small room two children, seeking a divorce. Both with two windows shots were	and expired *
after being shot
murderer set fire to the room after | jubilee, by among other things, tbs the
stairs and turned do. n the alley be- put in circulation next June hind the drug store block. The alarm design is said to be of a very band*-of fire was promptly given by women some and striking character, and inliving on thr same floor, who yelled eludes new pennies with a most ar-"Murder " The police near by pur- Italic design on the lines of the design sued the murderer down the alley into at present in use.
North avenue, opposite the New York It is learned that among the hon-Cvntral Station, to the Royal Hotel ours to be granted in the forthcoming ami arrested him and orotnptiy hand- diamond Jubilee another knighthood cuffed him. lie showed no resistance will be conferred on a leading west-
sLrsrs.'ssi st rs
was placed behind the bars lu the fortunate recipient of the distinctioni meantime the fire department put the |t ia more than probable that Charles
tetrv tix; Tuïïsi	~ <rrf-
anil physicians called, who found she Ihe west-end goldsmiths and eilver-was beyond their aid, having died while smiths have already prepared for the being carried down stairs. The two diamond jubil
foh5r«ni‘ w^?. r«ued‘b^lf\$tLt «1 window, contain . great variety The murderer was until lately a of medals which have been struck ready
resident of this town, where he hue for distribution at gatherings in June* lived since childhood, and has an aged father aud mother residing here at
mm
draw the Queen's carriage. The procession from Buckingham palace to St. Paul's will include most of the perso nages and notables of the jubilee proAn Englishman*» Llfrlr»» Arm Restored to Motion, but will be on a vaster scale. I*elnine»» by a tirait from a Freahlj Every country and provincial town will Rilled Animal.	• send representatives, and the number
To I- th.... « i.««b ..d ZZ$1Zii£i“S(&S’l£Zu %
er of action restored in (the lower half London of a lifeless arm is the experience recently bestowed upon an English gard-The case is noted in the Brit-
lo I lie Highly Will of Europe tireeee
tirent I’reparallon*.
Into citing Item» About Our Own Country. Uront Britain, the United State», and AU Parts of the Globe, Com
Protesta Agalnal I be Action of the Ad mirai» of the Foreign Fleets.
A despatch from Athena says:—A statement just made by King George, during the course of an interview, is probably a forecast of the reply which Greece will make to the identical notes of the powers insisting upon the withdrawal of the Greek fleet and troops from Crete within the six day» which commenced at noon on Monday last, the time when the notes were delivered. Hie Majesty said:—
" The Greek nation is unable to hear any longer the strain and excitement caused by constant Cretan revolutions and our finances will not permit us to support the refugees, who now number about 17,000. Nothing will prosper in Greece until the question is de-fineitely settled. The autonomy of Crete ie out of the question, because the Cretans reject it, and have lost faith in the promises of the powers. They rather prefer to die in their own defence than to be slaughtered like the Armenians.
" The recall of the Greek troops from Crete would mean the signal for new massacres on a larger scale, owing to the f'erce fanaticism of the Mussulmans who see they have the support of the six great powers, since the latter covered the Turkish attack on the Christians and shelled the victorious Cretans, who were fighting only for freedom and the Cross, just at the moment when the Turks were compelled to retire.'*
CANADA.
Belgium regarding t*he indemnity claimed for the arrest of Ben Tillett, the English labour agitator, at Antwerp last year, is denied at the Foreign (Office, which declares that the negotiations on the subject are proceeding amicably.
Mayor Bingham, of Ottawa has given tus February ect-ary to chanties.
tievusnty-thxee private bills are entered for the coming session of Parliament.
There ie a good demand for farm laborers and domestic help in Manitoba.
Ottawa proposes to spend $150,000 in improving its fire system and waterworks.
A find of petroleum ia reported on the farm of Air. John Kasbery, W eat Flam boro'.
The annual report of the C P. R for the year 1896 show's net earnings of $8,107,681.
Fire in the Hannah Street Methodist Church at Hamilton damaged the Sunday School room considerably.
Mr W. C. Maodonald of Mont real has made another gift to McGill University amounting to over $600,000.
The Brookville Town Council is con-
passing a
bicycle#.
The (love ruinent has decided to The I signalize the occasion of her Majesty'#
UNITED STATES
down I issue of a new coinage, which will be
TThe
Mr. Andrew, Chrnegie ie seriously ill at Greenwich. Conn.
The Peninsular Car department of the Michigan Peninsular Car Company. of Detroit, has closed down.
Cbauncey M. De new has nocepted the chairmanship of the Hoard of Control" of the Joint Traffic Association.
Ex-Governor John D. Long, of Bingham, Mass., has accented the navy portfolio in President McKinley’s Cabinet.
The Lehigh and Wilkesbarre Coal Company has inaugurated a system or retrenchments at all of its collieries.
Mr. Cornelius N. Bliss, of New York* has accepted a position in the McKinley Cabinet, probably the Secretaryship of the Interior.	•
The United States House of Representatives has passed the immigration bill over the President's veto by » vote of 193 Jo 37.
It is expected that Cod. John Hay will ______office as United States Ambassador to St. James’ about the middle of April.
The directors of Mount Holyoke College announce the gift to the college of $40.000 for a dormitory by John IX Rockefeller.
Theodore Durant, the convicted murderer of Blanche Larnont and Minnie Williams, has been refused a new trial at San Franscieco.
The mining town of Wyoming, Pa., with a population of four thousand inhabitants, is caving in, and it is feared it will lie engulfed in the mine on which it is built.
The Chicago City Council, by ax# unanimous vote, has passed an ordinance requiring tobacconists to take out a hundred dollar license for the sale ofl cigarettes.
President Cleveland, on Wednesday! signed Hue bill authorizing the construction of a railway bridge over tha St. Lawrence river, connecting Hog-ansport. N. Y., and Cornwall, Ont.
Helen Margaret Mulvany, daughter of the Rev. Dr. Mulvajiy, who died a few years ago in Toronto, died the other day Ln a Buffalo hospital, where she underwent an operation for appendicitis.
the advisability of imposing a tax upon
h de ring by-law i
Captain Provost of the Montreal if ire brigade, has decided to accept the offer i become chief of Ottawa fire brigade.
to
Sev-
ee celebration
Mr Geo. H. Orr of -Toronto has been elected President of the Canadian .Wheelmen's Association without opposition.
ed
assume
The Kingston cotton mill, which has cCwed down temporarily, will, after next week, only run- three days a week. v	•
The C.P.R. hare sent a party of surveyors out to southern British# Columbia to survey a railway in the mining country.
The Montreal Street Railway earnings for February were $89,951, an increase of $2,557 over the same month of last year.
Mr. Wm. Seager, a resident of London, was probably fatally injured by falling from a train at/ Broken head station, Man. i	*
Mr. Joseph Martin, ex-M.P., of (Winnipeg confirms the statement that he has been appointed special counsel for the C.P.R.
Mr. Laurier sat for his portrait in Montreal. When completed it will be presented to the Premier by his Montreal friends
On the occasion of the previous jubilee celebration many thousands of
TO INVADE TURKEY.
Premier Delyannia, in an interview, la reported to have reiterated that the Greek troops would not be withdrawn from the Island of Crete, and to have expressed the fear that national clamour would compel the Government to invade Turkey.
Greece, he is quoted as having added, had not accepted the scheme for the autonomy of Crete which had been proposed by the powers.
The Premier asked that a plebiscite of the Cretans be taken, and added that Greece would prefer rather to disappear from the map than to withdraw her forces from Crete in the face of threats.
FELT BY RABBIT NERVE.
A Kish and Game Protective Association has been organized in Woodstock, to see that the game laws are enforced and to stock certain districts with quail.
Mr. James Hem worth of Rossland is to be given the Royal Humane Society's medal for heroic conduct in saving the lives of two of his mates at the bottom of a shaft
PROTEST BY GREECE.
The Greek Government has protest-
Commercial reports from the United Command* of\m!%*Cretan States indicate no particular change in waters with reference to the demand the general condition of trade, across at tbe Greak commodore, Sachtourie, the Tine; it is claimed that there is that ^ ^ allowed to «amnunicate m progress a steady although slow the OTd<r, of Ki George to Col. improvement, as a better demand for Vassos, in command of tbe Greek army products appears to be experienced all *f occupation, and requesting that he round, while speculative buying Is go- y* allowed to go to the aawatance of ing on in some fines on account of pro- besieged Turks at Candamo. The Gov-bahle change in duties ; this is parti- eminent baa sent a despatch to its re-
-a;:
KE-'y=	%» 2S. '& ü.dS™iirï2d
It is reported in Cane a that 2,000	«t Canes to inform the Turks
and 6979 deaths	w"° requested his intervention of the
Pril“.Srs*.6<— * “fifWS
severe attack of influenza.	Turkish troops on the frontier, it is
Since the beginning of the plague at believed that Greece will call out the Bombay there have been 8,383 cases balance of her reserves.
Mussulmans who were confined in th fortress near Selino have been massa ored.
A number of German soldiers com mitted suicide last week as the result of cruel treatment.
The dervishes are making great preparations to resist the advance of the Anglo-Egyptian expedition.
.. . t .....	,, O rvi	Famine in many parts of Spain and
It is stated that Mr. H. 8. Oler, re- threatened Carl is t risings are giving present ing a loronto syndicate, basse- gnanish Government much uneasi-oured options on a majority of the netiti
ÆHS35SSB
Mr. William Smith, ex-Deputy Min- aut re,,iy.
fmmsm !#sr= sss
Confederation until he was retired a 1818,Be .	,	_	— u . .
year ago	The members of the German Reich-
J	stag have been thrown into consterna-
An agreement has been reached by tion by the enormous vote demanded a joint committee of the Chatham City tor Increasing the navy.
Council and Mr. L. E. Myers, of C hi- A	gunboat, believed to be
BbESESSHBS	-
.¦d maintain an electric lighting plant. ^ ^	^ monaslery of gt.
The Government has been asked by Bernard has been destroyed by an av-residants of Ottawa and portions of alanche, and the monks had to tunnel Russell and Carleton counties to spend through the snow to make their exit.
Sag:# h
.1, t*	x*1-	a ..... ...Mi.	™ ™ M on
GREAT Brill AIM.	Thursday night at Athens to protest
The Prince of Wales is enjoying a against the action of the powers. At holiday in the Riviera.	' »	its conclusion the crowd marched to the
Atlantic steamers arriving in the palace shouting, "Warl war! war!" and Clyde report extremely tempestuous were addressed by the (Town Prince, weather the last few days.	The Italian Embassy at Constant in-
8ir Donald Smith Canadian High ople ha# demanded formal satisfaction ComraiaAionrr in England has sailed for for the firing of a shot across the Lows Canada to consult with the Govern- of an Italian mail steamer while pass-regarding immigration matters, ing through the Straits of the Darrlan-
SBSSrKS	S3
it was stated in the Imperial I ar- ,üt^|on 0f ; he Volkaraad. within 'our-liamenl that the propdBtl to create re tcen ^ava m l warns them not to argumentai districts in the colonics had rog:l^e t() vniselvoa the right to place been referred to the Dominion of Can-	0Wn i i c; prêtât ion upon tb* con-
ada for an opinion thereon.	si i tut ion o: the country.
AN AFRICAN CRISIS.
A delegation from the parishes along i south shore of the St. Lawrence waited on the Ministry at Ottawa to urge the extension of the Intercolonial Railway to Montreal.
Two people, one aged 70 and the other 72, were married in Ottawa on Wed nee-
parish priest refused to Nit they secured* the ap-Archhish
ener
the
'edJid^tal^Uroti^Tui &r<ve. The ”r- (%""bfr,.l.'*^amd wim FreMdeat
upper and inner half of the right arm A dispatch from London says The was severed with a scythe. < The art- ^ Juinee Gazette says it is rtimour-ery «was litigated and the two ends of amuung persons within the Ministerial circle that Mr. Chamberlain, In the absence of more suitable tie- Colonial Secretary, has sent an em-sue the spinal oord of a rabbit just kill- phatic message to President Kruger, ed was used as a graft to connect the 0( (be South African Republic, that the ends of the medium nerve, the inserted Aliens Act which is in operation in the cord lying loose and quite free from Transvaal is in contravention of the tension when finally placed in punition, provisions of the London convention of Fine catgut sutures were used through- 1884, and inkist be withdrawn.
-*• »»-	JSiJ-SiSa SSTMElfc
the patient could feel the scratch of the Government of the Transvaal are a pin on the flexor, aspect of the first very much strained, and that Mr.
first phalanges of (lie no g and little Lord Wolseley, Comma.nder-in-Chief of
s?“.s
at ion. beven days later seusa.ion had	be sufficient to conquer the
returned over the whole of the pal man ^ In tbe meantime it ia uniler-aurfaee of the thumb anil the proxi- stood that Prudent Kruger, of the mate phalanx of the wndex finger. Transvaal Republic, is unmoved, and After an interval of sixteen days sen- jg ,^epared to resist all interference on sation seemed to be creeping slowly the part of England at all costs, along the f.rst f.nger and to be present a dispatch from Pretoria says:—The over the whole oL the palmar area sup- entire bench of the High Court of the plied by the medium nerve and ex- t^iu(b African Republic have approv-! ending down as far as the web of the ^ of lhe action of the Chief Justice in fingers and a short distance along the closing the High Court as a mark of middle finger. The muscles presented resentment of the action of the Volks-evidences of gradual development and raad jn placing the court under the the general nutrition of the hand im- jurisdiction of the legislative 1	*~
proved, and soâ>n the hand was "as J good as new/'	i •	i
ed were perfectly white stones, with a bluish tint. i They assumed a milky while color of the variety which eûmes from the Uagagou mines of Minas Her- Alarming Kumar* a* So Her Majewly's acs, of wh.ch only a few are found an-	4’«n «II Hon.
nually. The phosphorescence exhibited A despatch from London says:—De-
x^rprr.îS-î.v,5 aa:«—*~f-> —
ally lessening intensity, t All of the that the Qjueen is in peifeci health, other stones were invisible in the dark, considering her age, the statement is Pure while light was also used, resulting in a less beautiful experiment, although the phosphorescence was quite apparent. This test fully demonstrated the fact that some diamonds, though not all, possess the power of absorbing light and emitting it in the dark.
r I»
day. Their marry them, provai of the
On Thursday afternoon three small boys fell through the ice at Chatham, when four men went to their rescue and also fell in. It was with great difficulty that all seven were finally rescued.
a divided nerve sutured
op
•X!
The Hamilton chief of police intends making a test case to see whether the lottery under the management of the Promotive of Art Association of Montreal come# under the criminal code.
The local branch of the National Council of Women has petitioned the London City Council to impose restrictions on the sale of cigarettes, and it Is probable that the petition will be granted.
Mr. Torrance, the Canadian agent of the Dominion steamship line, has been instructed from to withdraw any Canadian Government with the fast service.
our


TROOPS BEING MASSED.
Feverish activity continues throughout the whole country. Large quantities of arms, ammunition, provisions, and military stores are - being conveyed by transiMorts to Thesaly. The massing of the troops on the frontier is proceeding with the utmost speed, and public feeling is at the highest pitch of excitement. Those taking the coolest view no longer conceal their opinion that in the event of coercion by Europe the centre of interest will be transferred to the Turkish frontier where the most serious events may be expected. Many foreign correspondents have already started for Thesaly.
English headquarters offers made to the
in connection
y
am
THE GREEK FLEET
THE QUEEN’S HEALTH.
The Greek fleet has been divided into four squadrons. The eastern sq ron, composed of the ironclads F and Spelzia, the cruised Nanarchos-miaulis, the armoured corvette Basil-eusgeogios, and the despatch vessel Paralos, under the command of Commodore Apostolis, will cruise in the Sporades islands. The western squadron, composed of four armoured and four unarmoured gunl>oats, under the command of Commodore Onbazio, will cruise in the Gulf of Arta.
uad-
again published and emanates from a
very excellent source, that the Sovereign is nearly powerless to walk. Sciatica is what the Queen suffers from, and lately it has become so much worse that, with support, she can only walk a few feet, and that with difficulty. She has to be carried up and down stairs and into her carriage, and wheeled from room to room. It is this fact which has necessitated the Prince of Wales and the Dike of Connaught taking so much on their shoulders m connection with the jubilee festivities. #
WAR INEVITABLE.
It is generally believed in London that Europe is on the eve of a war between Greece and Turkey. The decision of Greece to defy the powers is confirmed on all sides, interest has now shifted from Crete to the mainland.
THE SYNDICATE SERMON.
Clergymen in all parts of the British Isles have recently been in receipt of circulars from "CQericus,” who offers courses of manuscript sermons suited to each Sunday in the year (fifty-two in the batch) at exceptionally reasonable terms. The prices are 25 cents, 50 cents, $1.50 or $1.25 per sermon, according to the course selected, the distinguishing feature of course, 1, at $1.25, being that only one sermon of the series is sent out in one diocese, while course 2 is only supplied to one customer within a radius of fifty miles and course 3 onty to one customer within a radius of twenty miles. It has occurred to Henry ial»ouchere that many congregations would rat fade trended with a eeoond-hand sermon than bored to death with original one.
Ten is gathered from the plant four times a year.
The centre of
TOMB OF SOLID ROCK,
Living lizards were found in the solid rock in quarries pf chalk in Northern France. Workmen about to loosen some rock after a blast discovered a of so-called pockets. In each# of
these there was a living lizard* but as they were take* out of their hiding place and exposed to the air they died within a few minutes. They were of a peculiar copper color, and although there was a place for the eyes Indicated by a prominence resembling the eyelid of a frog, they had none. Zoologists declare that these lizards must have lived for thousands of years.
Mrs Haahcroft —*'Is there too much seasoning in the turkey, Mr. Billings t" Billings—"No; I should say there is too little turkey in the seasoning."
LION TAMING
There is said to be no art in so-called lion taming but the art of terrorism, and no rule hut that of keeping
the lions stomachs full and their minds cowed. There never has been and there never will he an appeal made to the lion’s intelligence, because the limited amount of that quality Which be posts entirely dominated by his fer-
**H<n as
*
senses
ocity.
lU

ON THE LARGER SCALE.
To be sure, the train-wrecker explained, there is no big money in my business ; but by industry and frugality, I hope eventually to amass sufficient capital to enable me to wreck a whole railroad at a time. Yes I
er be
an




###PAGE###7###


RASY TO ACQUIRE GRACE. |i IN PENETRA TING POWER I mid W. "How long here you uwd
S.m,=5 % _ - M LHrlMM.,!.
finit, but who overcame oiU obstacles .Viaitor-'Pardon me,. Mr. Ueecum. Grandfather died of i asthma
ïïïf SJSfi?«%Ï3 OUVBL IN THE BLADDER,	bSVJt
% BKs.*Bisa % -H- He: • HHE
=3w?2.r r	mrn^ §2Sfm
tl5m.	Ut* •» druggbti.	down m health and «pixlUao bad that or Cortlandt atreeta, in close proxim-
B5Sp»s g
gs&æüri	S^fegs-s
. lalaCSli HGBp sg^ÿçS;
«S !5B%ïÊSîs?®	wiU”ihrBd
.ow mere,, ,i,,<e . 1He,lt,'m'e I anabU to tara raywir Have been treated hr night's sleep without pain. 1 I can
W&feftM SEEllÉj	'SfflQSisas«|	Watson’s Cough Drops
had taken the Iret dye the pain bed all left when at times I felt more like lying ha#e been very much troubled for vears-since I	°
___________________...==$==	ssa».
mamas
lu tau ooaatry far yean, and Le a iwlar w If**1}?* . R«‘f uUtas th?L bowe 9», p^ri“ M a fiddle." The old gentleman shook
s^-esse
re *ui«a Is eerlag Catarrh. Seed for testimoal. me aa soon an I left." Her—"No, dear ; After congratulating our old friend ,rt?•,	. _ „	- , . ~ we thought you had attended to that on his divorce from the hereditary
Bold hr dr£!5£‘Jrfift Pp0flUt	efficiently,"	destroyer of his kindred, we drove
Bold by druggist^ price 75o.	I	- owny. At many places in the neigh_____ 	t>tt T TMWM'lKl	borhood we opened discussion upon the
CHILDISH SENSITIVENESS.	riLL rUIJN TB-	case anil found that all regardai it as
The little child U extremely sensitive	- a marvellous cure. Where the Thomp-
„d - to. toto*,™,, to d. A„.r. pu-. prK“.. M!;.a*iSr7m.”.s'xtwî„
•sBuipwj ITJÏ vnq ‘SJOPIO s^i iq‘sisq Vegetable C ompound—A Scient ifical- tbing but Weatb would relieve him True enough, they do not realise how lj Studied Formula—The After Ef- from the grip of asthma. Every word very sensitive the little one is or they facts of the Medicine have been Giv- that is written here cam be verified
would respect hi. feeling, as well as en a. Much Conaideration as the Lm-	i™°“and an^'mti
those of older people. When we see the mediate Results.	mate acquaintance of twenty-five
tiny mouth quivering and the eyes full	-.	years enables the writer to vouch for
ÎSSK sËS-S t £5ts«r rrjs mHF;
panv, and also renumerating their Lng Powers—Think of These Points. Dr. William.1 Pink Pills cure fby
SltlXtS.ltiTttler “ 7=™ must me medicine look for ^	^ _	, ***** TUESDAY
mmmtm pp™« mm# e March end AprH
presence that he is the dirtiest child	—--- pink Pills for Pale People.
alive or the worst. Little ones are al-	»	TTTfl.llTlg	OTH	I flfTlTTlZ A
ways anxious to please, and only the	A	V Iljl 1M	ilr	Ah il 111 A	SOCXETT»
parents who have tried the plan of	**	¦	Ui	AUiUlUA	Little Chick—What do you let that
praising instead of scolding every time	—*—	ugly little thing come under your wing
know how much better it ia. If a child uin	mat	SLEPT IN	BED	FOB	for?
has a bad habit which its mother is es-	twbmtv pivb vpauq	Old Hen. who had inadvertently
pecially anxious to correct, it is usual	l Whwil-riya. xfiAnb.	hatched a duck's egg,—I can't help it,
to keep scolding about it continually.	——	my dear. We've got to put up with
Some t ime when the little one has for- Seemed Beemed U Tertere mad C'eallaasl	the creature because she belongs to our
gotten his naughty wavs is the chance Misery Falser, CraadHilker aad CreaS set you know._
to let him know how pleased bis mother is, and there is no doubt but that he will make another effort very soon to receive similar praise.
Then, too, another thing little children very much is
.If the
Scclls &nvufetcru
is the result of years of science» When mais in large quantities and by Improving mthoda, an emulsion must be mote perfect than when made In the ofMfflC way, with mortar and pestle, a a few ounces at a time» This is why Scott's Emulsion of cod-liver oil never separates, keeps sweet for years, and every spoonful is equal to every other spoonful
IOC. and $1.00 at all Druggists.
ills
till
ou
I
all take it sooner
or
a 1
Is other emulsions yon are liable to
get Aa uneven béasàt-either an
Over or under dose. Oet Scott’s.
DREADFULLY NERVOUS
Gents:—I was dreadfully nervous, sn€
---*‘ef took your Karl's Clover ”—*
It quieted
STINGING CORNS
ware a
for relief took your Karl a Clover
W.P.C sss
•• m

good heavens, like her." Seo
Finrt Artist-''But. man, that doesn't look ond Artist—"If it did she wouldn't pay tor it."
Ceylon Tea
•eld in Load
¦¦¦¦ESFiSI
WEST, TORONTO.
RONTO CUTTING SCHOOL. Y men. learn te ont, no better trade circular girl
3
¦ ««w" I for circular ginas full In formatted. _	Lehigh «geste for Mo Dowel l’i Ladite Garment
Valley route, at all Grand Trunk city | lag Machine, 113 Tenge St and station offices
1
always SCoüt.'Milrbi7>o1rey-^elT I
a bicycle lamp that always stayed at Information free. O. O. F* be maw, Manage* home would not be of much use." | B. A. Killow, Imrtud
and
Mrs.
\%<H IU PlIOIO.I N<KWIV, ,
II )ONI M S(..<‘
<- h o m ii \in M h mmiuo
TRAVELLED HlLF THE GLOBE TO FIND HEALTH, WITHOUT SUCCESS.
PI
line, sugges m a novel
graceful/'
dyipeeslrx. England by
me.
OATA1RI CANNOT BE CUBED
•ac,.
£tto.
•m ROLLER CURTAIN
Splendid Equipment end good solid work here pieced thl
Is the r*»teef ,SQ-orovemeet ever made In Onrrlmwe Toga The Roller Top bee wee the sumiration lending Osrrisgi Builders. They »re

of the
n «
TORONTO—GerraM and Yonge SU.,
et the top It hee more teach ere. more students, mad er mists many moreyoung men mud women into position!
I ar aasgsÆt^ta». far
To p% with their mnmm	m
«=|Hams, Toronto,
. . SELLS . «
using it on their best work. With surpass-
56
BABBIT.
CANADIAN .
"P>' cmr Ky.
FOR 5DWKNTYrSuBVEN TEAM,
DUNNS
BAKING
POWDER
WILL RUN
SETTLERS’ TREIRS FROM TORONTO
(Should sufficient business offer)
', Ï0 MM Ml) ÎHt eiM RORTB-RfEST
lams
THE COOK S BEST FRIEND
LAR6E8T SALE IN CANADA.
J. 0. KING CO. Ltd
w
•J
s real flexibly strung, light and durable l eek
—Belease C
The Patent Sleeper Insole-
B# Oomforf Able.
food*. The «7 Uteet, the be*
HIRE 18 ONLY ONE SURE WAY
HIS
©
which hurts From the Whitby Chronicle
laughing at For years stories of famous cures	. .
little one wrought by Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills H 1 <5 THF good	faith some remark which	have appeared	in the Chronicle. Dur-	*	ew	e	¦ e ¦
is received in	all seriousness by its	ing this time	we have	been casting	¦	_a mm —
mother, who then after laughs about about for a local case of ouch a nature ]T| |U| it to a	friend	In the child's hearing,	as to leave no	doubt of	the efficiency	¦
be sure	that	he will not confide m	of these pills.	We have	found several,	a	r
her again. He will find some one else,	but in each case it proved to be a sen-	Jl OI year ••
This the mother should guard against,	skive body who could not bear to have	F un mrn
for she should be her children's best	bis or her name and disease made pub-
confidential friend always. Their child-	lie. Recently, however, a most strik-	and WOBlCrt
j&MU’ÏMSÏ .MB, “	'"6,-S.ÏÏÏÏ.	».	become weak-1	•«ygj.
a thoughtless moment.	beautiful farm on the west shore of	kv	¦	msl	9 y
Mud Lake in Carden township, North e	/	.
I Victoria. He has resided there for | the weath-f^W I forty years, being the first settler , around the lake. He was reeve of er,Bnd run]Vjr
Women ;	I ;"y	iS
I oouncU at Peterboro. Mr Thompson first parts that ¦ lives; it has restor-IflJOY LIF8 At | j haa been s victim of asthma for forty	wM*h#>rl ed millions of suf-
years or more. However we will let I inc w 1,111 g f™ra to health*
____________,,	iss ist ^.ccts arc_t5e| «
to Mud Lake to visit th»* haunts long	kidneys. The g was never done,
•uffor nntoli	iSLri* I	familiar to us, and made it a duty and	• f ¦ never attempted
UtfmfcmOmmfcMi-1	found it a pleasure to call upon	Urea IS not ¦ before: it has made
**if it wbobo. I Mr Thompson and learn from seeing I thrown off, 9 men sponger and
him and hearing his account of it how [ ,	.	,	. ¦ healthier: it has
•jaJJjl « he had been cured. For» twenty-five but IS forced 9 made ..women
d
to day. On callum he met us with a ease results| qualities. Do you
rful aspect and without displaying _raiiBBfi hvl ?ot thin^ 11 wou,d
a trace ofhis old trouble. Ben* at causea	wise for you to
once ushered inte his house, 'we natur-1	weakness ofl use it and *K‘—
ally made it our first business to en- I	, , . , 9 avoid the dangers
quire it it were all true about the bene-1	trie kidney8. g 0f season ? In
fits he had received from using Dr.
Williams Pink Pills. 'Beyuud doubt,"
and mort

their confidences
makes in
fortable
known to medical E
men for prompt-N ly checking» troubles of the# kidneys and re- 1 storing these great organs to health
IS Is not the
Img
boot: It is here already, within rear reach. If ait# with the ül iîKPHR IK FOLK and itted With
%
a #
THE J. D. KING CO., LTD.,
•TORONTO,
ONTARIO.
e #

Few

Only One Price.

e#
ONLY OWE CRADt-Tha Best

THY OUGHT.


.<» V

I®


UI* re-
°.â
V
I

COMPOUND ;
rtrau
-.35
ic


00
%
%
âi
V;Vj
%
> 1

1
US
• »
CO

•f
««upon bsving it rs to SI Adelaide St V» TOSSNTO
Is

'

i
1
###PAGE###8###



»


Ti'r

1»?



" %






THE CHIEF EHGIHEEH.
saagge
¦nation m to the nature of the plea that Clarendon had entered agamat the oounty. Ho wanted to hoar Mr. Aylen (wheat the
thought they had no particular bua.noaa with Mr. Aylen, a« he waa
employed by Clarendon to handie i a
oaae. After aome dtaousaion on this
eeoniod to
London House,
Tho •* Ctnpress of India's'* Chief
’ Engineer
Tolls an Interest In® Story#
the lawyer
SI1AWVILLE AND OTTAWA.
ES AWAY D^Tn IN ALL tlNES|^Æ£&
done they had to mako before the Board Mr. Janie. Hodgins was the first to ad dress the council. He spoke at tome length, claiming that a greatinjustice had been done to Clarendon by the County Council. In support of this view he un dertoi k to dissipate the popular delusion that Clarendon is a veritable garden of Eden, showing that in the front as well as in the rear of the township large tracts of worthless area existed, wholly unfit for settlement, and that thousands of acres
? -	mss ...............—
i«Memmw=s,42£*555esLasassAye=E— — —— — -• ;
-—.,çs=EK*s=bs=ê=—i-
dneed. the Utter would certainly look for
very great
*dThe ward,'Drought that a# Mr. MeD. wa. the duly appointed legal ad*'**»
ïi^ïi^rrirô;
it. he could only look upon any change m
the arrangement a « a want of confidence
in hit (the wardoiVe) action.
Further dimension ensued, when in was
moved in amendment l.y Mayor <>*t>.ntry aeoonden by Mayor Snnth, that Mr. lUr ry he retained on the case with Mr. Mo Dougall as counsel. The amendment was defeated and main motion declared carried
Mr. Froncis Somerville, one of the best known men in the steamboat traffic on the river» and lakes of Ontario, having
PRIG
been engaged in this business tor fitly
and who resides at No. 195 Upper
years,
in* Su et, King <ton, speaks follows of his recovery from the sickness
Dress Goods.
Clothing.
as

Ores* Serges for 25c.
j hr*fs Serges for 3Ao. hrvsF Serges for toe.
i ¦
plain Dress Omuls for 8c. Plain Dress Goods tor 12Jo*
Wool Tw« t-i!à for 25a,
All wool Tw< ed for 29c,
All wool i'weeds (or 36c.
Twe d worth «5c. for fioc.
Men's Punts for 76c.
Men's Wool Punts for 96c.
Mens Wool Punts for $1.
Men's Wool Punts for #1.26.
Men's Flue Block Pants for $1.05. Men's Suits for $!.'&
Men’s Suds for $2.£5.
Men’s Solis for $3.25.
Men’s Fine Suits for $4 50.
Black lost and Vest #5.00.
which has affected him fur sumo time.
Tweeds worth 26c. for ivc.
“The grip left
Said Mr. Somerville; with kidney troubles and gravel. I had severe pain over the kidneys and in the email of my back, also between the shoulders and in the bladder.
1110
EXTRI VALUE!
Black Cashmere from 25c. to 73c.
•'The urine was very tînrk-colored with a great deal of muddy sediment. 1 went to Mr. McLeod's drug store and bought two boxes of Doan's Kidney Pills, taken them with what people tell mo is

I have
te tee Out:
gy
the usual good result.
“ They have cleared the urine, removed the sediment, relieved me of distressing
, and have built me up in a surprising
ers
In fact, I am entirely free from
manner.
the troubles which affected me before
DENTISTRY.

61W
A
A

Tues* lay, March Btfvtl
Shau'tUU, H riincaday* March #4th. Campbell* Buy, Thursday, March t5fh
5 : ill


V. &
Tenders Wanted.
e
Partir, win bilge
l) <‘-tli njj ei»rl>
: I ##;&####
excepting nails Tenderers to atate price f p« r 100 feet. Plans Mini snevUlcat one can he * seen at the office of Mr. Hobbs.
The lowest or any tender not necessarily
accepted.
JOHN YOUNG.
President.
It ills >	__	- ,	,| ,
Mayor Smith said Mr. Hodgins need , think all the bad land was located . iu Clarendon. They ln.d 10.000 acres of > it in Bristol ; and on the 12«h concession
there was not a single occupant.	-
Mayor Mooney said he had the mis* fartuno of representing one of the poor
the county—>orth
bad—
To b v me wealthy, acquire (skill !n something T<* l'écorné shill Hi I In bar i ness methods, you st ouId take a course * 1th us. our facilities nro excellent ; our teachers, the
¦|, most reasonable.
Write lor new catalogue, glvln* full d-' eript It'n of courses, methods of leaching and KKl'l’CH' MATES.
JOHN KEITH. Principal.
Ms to 151) Rank Ht., Ottawa.
Dried Apples, 6c. per lb. at G F
N AW
HoiUllNS.


not
0
lamb or
Wm Syrup ;
M of Red |
Sprees :
best ; our 1 »i* «
Beef, pmk, bacon, sausage
, and bread from the beat baker in
town at McGuire’s Grocery.
mutton
K. GRAHAM,
Hec.-Trea*.
For Sale or to Rent.
oat municipalities in
Onslow. Three quarters of t was
if fact there was not one concession of g
| Cuuuiy Cuuocil f-r the current yo.r, held M,y„r p MoN.Hv thoutfht that the Wednesday last. The absentees war. o.uncil could not now legally make any
-srrr rr t ¦*;: 3EEB t^-r- I
Thorne, Leslie, Alleyn and Cawood and f|on to tnks» a trip to Allumette Hand.
A dtield,—six members in all. When whon they w-uld got the correct idea of o
had taken place m the personnel of the wj|h jt. ani, nnw he advised adopting the
r -BrBH 5g"rEBH |
astute Walter Rimer has given way to nf 8,Weral lots in Clarendon having been I	H* liAy '
the more impulsive Dr. Gaboury, fut #o)d ftt very much less than the local B y„„ ; Mr. Rob,. McKenny, of North v.luation put on them. ^
O "h *. It»* K‘ve" Pbce tl> *n	J that South Onslow’. valuation was ale-
good representative in the person of Mr	Copied.	.
.Witiiam Mooney, while the “solid man” Mayor Meredith thought if half the m
r	t SeHSS1'”"
Clarendon, dames Hart has taken lhl* | llor. haVe arisen. He severely scored the place of A. Workman.	tetio,, of Clarendon’s valuators, contend
Mpibrn:
valuation question from the council chamber to the Supeiior Court.
The yearly officials of the council
‘^Ir^le.-May.r. McNally I	Capital - * $10,000.010.
p- 0M“"' I Mes -	- ¦ • $188 tatb.
A communication from the Dept, of Agriculture, Quebec, re. the purchase of a stone crusher for use on public roads, was read. It was to the effect that the Government would pay half the costs of one of these machines, providing purchase was approved hy the department.
The machines cost $1200.
After the reading of the Secretary s
cash account Und Auditors' report for last
called
County Council Echoes.

%4
l.rVP.
Unfavorable weather conditions doubt stood in
fSlHE undersigned offers to sell or rent the nrtmerty situated on Clarendon Road, ( formerly oeeupled by Mra. Geo. McLaren ) Pori see du Fort and consist tug of apart. of ground, two seres In extent, on which t. reel i <1 a neat col Inge, with milk house, wood shed and stables all complete. The property Isa most desirable family residence.
Mso. for sale « g-xul square ph.no.one hair cloth sofa, and 1 parlor table and sldeboaply For purlieu Is rs regarding the above, ap
THUS. PBBHDERGAHT. d.
Rad for rd.
no
"a),;
-/ •
Arthur Smilev,
! iutivrîakvr, Lmbuluirr and [uut ral lUrcclor
hiUn VULK - - «HE.
t

"or Coughs,
2olds, Bron.
Sore
. ; roat, etc.


:
:
U
Gum

to
ALL «iRl'KHs WILL RECEIVE PERSONAL A !TLN >N AND SATWPW'llOM GUARANTEED.
Telephone No. 8.
--•RY, WATSON & CO , FsosRirTO*».
Dec. 3. *96.
I
I TtO
MONTREAL.

OA
To the Ladies of Pontiac.
^ »
Wanted.
V WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY

S
John S.
•X



Hce.-Treas
Bliaw ville March 12, *97.


e

School Tax.
etc. etc.
<
n
Second grand Dry Goods
A^SSI'K.Sr.rb.'r-S œ	Idis|'^y°f G^,Kr,'TSbe,"li^i
event of the season on the 17, 18th, 19th and 20th days of March.
Every lady in county invited.
¦
A complet© stock of the above i.l way a on hand at
.... ........J now he col looted with costs and
interest charged from the 1st day of January lust pant. This Is the last notice.
H« LA PKi»
cy
a %y=.

Main St. - - Shawville.
XBI‘AU:iXG A SPECIALTY.
Bec.-Treaa
Ahawvllle, March 12/97.
Important Notice.
town and
TARIFF OF TOLLS
to be collected during the season of 1897 by
A Dazzling Spectacle.
Tie (Jan zii Hrjiils IiprdfB
ml Ctipoy, L'll
Modern up-to-date Dry Goods
Emporium.
h. Mil's. An*
GLOBE
FOi: I*8E OF IMPROVEMENTS :
Mr Monteith, Manager.
17ft. and under in lemzth, per thousand feet hoard measure 2h cents.
Bed and white Pmo, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, n.utid <v flatted, over 17 and under 30ft. loi g, per thousand
. *... 3J cents, teration in
wiitc'JBMJRi
he has regaled himself with
SAVING & LOAN GO
a
¦I
JAMES MCLEAN
ner
at length reach
When the question ed, the warden pointed out that any li the existing state of valua-exceedingly difficult mat •
he advised caution as to any action the Board might undertake. If the question opened up aga n to make a re adjustment of Clarendon, there was no telling where it would end. Other municipalities would undoubtedly insist on the same He criticised the Clarendon valu at the laat ineetirg of council, and declared that had that township been as anxious then as it was af present, t<* fur nish information as to the value of pro rKrty, there would have been nothing about a lawsuit. But being refused that information the councils only recourse was to seek it in, the registry office. Whilst he in no manner wished for a law tiuit, lie had considered it his duty, in the interest and for the protection of the council, to consult Mr. McDougail, and the latter had in tarn secured the advice
of the Hon Mr. matter. Their opi laid before the Board.
Mayor Hart explained that the municipality of Clarendon had chosen a committee, co
HodgH
Head Office, Toronto, Ont ,
was
were
ft.
feet boatd measure.
s s*;. « -
long and upward* hi length, p«-r thou eand ft ©t board measure.3J cents.
3W and white Pine, Tamarac, Spruce Hemlock, Kiuare or wanoy board, per
. .37 j oeuta.
BRYSON, QUE.,
were
MANUFACTURER OF
Sawn Lumber, Laths,Shingles, Dressed Lumber, Clapboards, Mouldings, Doors,
Blinds, etc.
Scroll Sawing, Turning, and in fact all kinds of Builders Supplies turned out.
Custom Sawing, Planing and Matching done on shortest
notice.
Manager & Secretary. —	— President.
— Vice-President.
E. W. DAY, -WM. BELL, JOHN FLETT,
thousand cubic feet...
r e
right.
atorft
Hull & a y Her Electric By.
Sashes,
O
A local branch of the above company has been organised in Shaw ville and is prepared to receive applications for shares with the following
A. Lyon, M.D., President.
J. A. Cowan, Vice-President.
W. W. Ireland, Secretary and Agent.
S. A. MaoKay, Solicitor.
Any information reouired will be given by applying to the undersigned.
W.W. IRELAND,
Secretary and Agent.
TIME TABLE:
year, a short adjournment while the neces.-ary bylaw levying annual assessment was being drafted. The amount necessary for county pur
ss.Tjrm'Xfl*? <*
$400 of this sum is for maintenance of
Leave Aylmeî* for Hull.
a m. -# 30. 7 30, 8.15, 0 00. 9.45. 10 30. 11.16. P M —12 15, 12 45. 1 15.
9 10, 8 50 10 .30
Leave Hvll Ferry for Aylmer.
AM-7 30,	S15.800,_940._103n.
the
officers :
insane in asylums.
The foregoing disposed of, ¦
Meredith moved, wended by Mayor Lackey,that J. M McDouall be retained a, attorney to defend the county m the ........action taken by the township of Cl.ren-
I mposed of Messrs. James don against this council.	.	M	I
mm# mmmr1-'' '

mayor
Geoffrion on the opinions would be
iai&waiaæis
8.30,0 10, 9.50, 10 30, 11 16,
ytth Pontiac Piflflo at Aylmtu.
prom pily bandied.
H B. flvENCLR.
Builders Estimates Furnished on
Application.
Cars run
Who can think of some simple thing to pel en I?
skmv m&sbm s-ersï:
neve. W aching tou, D. C for ttu-tr |l.Su price offer
*ad list of two hundred UiveaUvn* wmitea.
Ollier
f .mi i Doors front *1 np. material proportionately low.
Managing Director.











