###PAGE###1###
*
’ll
>T









No. 411 —17ru	Yi:\ii.
SHAWYILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, APRIL ID, 1000
*1.00 a Yean in Advance.
)

Qtiyon, P. O ici, Magi-tin charge of pract livciiHti or pi wax proKotw ir.g for the f mul 8m ';eor t,rav«Uti<i up fuvl <1 oim prow nliing foi
1 l,y County Pol- ' visitin ertlay on a w without i The clmrg tidwell, art
f ChyniviniiN W* #l have
, WM U
e Km it h >
fc M n»
\Uu\
l
Mr. Tl fur Hardi 'lit? ému mur
Mr. Th.*.
ft Thin «day morning
On

y wiier
t
i
gufudun.,
IV A. (j. 4
Ileetl Ofll :
Cnji'lnl sill»- • CnjiiUl j>A d u|
Keel ...........
Ottawa
\X
A
i
!
I
X\
0? CANADA.
I
1
Mr. W. A
!
m Board of 1)
Chableh M m bb, , President. Grows Hay, esq.,Vice-President,
i
I » \ v i r» Mac Lakicn, Eng.
r
/
Uttiif
s x t*ry
f
iîoys8-OI@ai]ing
Decorating
- $0,000,000.
RESERVE FUND, - 2,000,000.
1
I
1
CAPITAL
ill
if
Ihi
Mi-h 1 'wly n
i
i
O'
f!
p<ui which the charge i
t"r prewrib-I Mr» \. Oir i« get	- :
m„: for a r it sroy faim< . D . lag • n* house re ,
vincing him that hv had a cancer	on hi»	TVorh* Ldge is still flourishing.
iw,‘m ami	i hi- germs of another	on bin	Those who have sugar bushes are	busy
A	Ix-’Hv #,i iii'-iliciiv v	civt'ii I making sugar, and sometimes tatty.	The
and a H e	d #| 1. ,u eull-ced.	Ifmjglsa	next time anyone makes taffy I hope they
i aid that no was an army i urge on having | won’t forget to semi some to servi il m any years n the Ihitfch Mmy A tine of to and &10.(>0 c oh its
pu
mg
Hou. U ko. l’-n. son, .lr. ALKX. KitA.ifR. K RU ,
1 V

I
tl
!
I>ENNIU Ml R
KB4
I
Head Office, - Montreal#
'
OBonoitmjKN, D. M. il N NIE,
G.*
Manager Mau ai'tr
And
»

Dnocht-K •
IN ONTARIO
HIIAWVILLE BRAXCII,
H< III It K
Money log no,l on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collect, d.
Money transferred lo all parts of tho world.
HAVINGS BANK.
Alexandria, Arii p nor, Avonmore, Hrivet-riilyi? Carle ton
Lanark,
Parry H<v,md, Pembroke, Rat Partage,
•l » Rank Rt. Renfrew «V) RideauSt, Toronto,
VnnkIrek Hill, Smith's Falls.
in Manitoba ;
K
K • iiptv II
Mutûwa,
Ottawa,
W.l» UIJpOH
REQUISITES.
G [RL WANTED.—A good general servant wanted at once.
Apply to Mild. J. G. MoGvirb,
Hhrtwville.
ed
Mam#
llawkesUur.,
\77eaving.—Mrx. J. n. II,,nier, of
it i< I ford, prepared to do weaving of all
Accounts opened for «mounts of one dol- | kin(jH U]	titvj0.
lars and upwards and Interest allowed
Dstiphln,
Wiimip*
Purtlgv La Prairie IN Ql.'EMCr ;
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
We have a large and very complete stock of everything required during the house-cleaning season and invite intending buyers to come in and see us. We can make it interesting.
Good Prospects for Work
10 A.M. TO .3 !M*. 10 A M. TO 1 P.M#
P. A. PARKER
OrriCE Houus .
SATURDAYS . .
Montreal,	Hull, LsrlmU*.
A'trete In (bui.nl», !«--* York an l ( hicago— Bank of Montreal.
Agr-nt* in St. Paul «Mnrvî ai.ta Nat. Bank. Ag*uU in London, Eng.—P»»*» Lank Ltd,
,ri	. .	, I There was a very pleasant gathering of
iiiN" m wilnm (" 'u a groat demand young people at the residence of Mr. and Manager, for laborers in Western Canada this sea- Mm. Robert Farrell, where all enjoyed
"	8<’n ,n consequence of railway construe- themselves wry heartily until the wee
I tion, increased number of settlers, etc. Hmall hours.
Statistics show <100,000 acres more Mr. Wm’ Kelly, of Campbells’ Bay, ploughed this year than last. «V ifch same waa here several times during this week, irl to learn Millinery. iaverage yield pm* acre iw in M tfiis will A large number of men went up this Mm D. McRae. I produce 2,500,000 bushels of wheat ex-1 week in charge of Mr. John Moorhead,
f j	I for the Gillies’ Bros’ drive. Some men
Li il y L«n< f?r ^,lrc1’	also went up this week for the Pickanock
*v= fereszt::
from Canadian territory has opened Moorhead, of Alleyrie, were up this way Mr. and Mrs. Brown, of Easton's Cor-1 up large mills in Algoma.	on Tuesday.
hor particulars write for circular.	Mr. Arthur Queale went to Kazubazua
R. W. Hoiaiinh. I „n Tuesday.
The Misses Maggie and Elizabeth Queale, who have been visiting friends in Ottawa, returned home Tuesday.
Mr. Mark Chamberlin, of Kazubazua, arrived here Tuesday, returning on Saturday.
Mr. S.mn.el Anderson, of Kazubazua,
%
SàT tiwatman, the Watchmaker, Shaw ville, is home now to ntvy.
WANTED- G
I
LEARN TO MYfi ......A LIVING.
Note particularly cur
Ready Mixed Paint, s. w.p. & others.
White Lead and Oils,
Varnishes and Turpentine Enamels and Stains,
Alabastine, Kalsornine, Whiting, Brushes, of all kinds,
Window Shade®
Barred Plymouth Rook Eggs at W cents a setting, it. Mitoiikll, Shawvllle.
The ability to do so depends j very largely upon the preparation There is no better pi épuration for young men and young women
than a practical business and shorthand training. Attend where the instruction is entirely individual. Where business is taught m business is done. Where the most modern systems are used and taught in a practical form. Backward students a speciality. Monthly report 4 issued to parents A postal w ill bring full particulars
!
'
new, Out., have been visiting the latter's sister, Mr. W. W. Ireland, Mrs Brown remaining several weeks.
)
I
¦ Shawville Council
Minutes of regular session of the Mu-
Meeera. Smart & Smith are erecting a I	Council of Shawville, held on
shed for storing heavy farm machinery, Monday, the 2nd day of April, l'MJO of which they have been getting in a large Present, Mr. Mavor . George Hynes n nantit v 1 itelv	( ou nei 11 nw, (>. K Hudgins, John Miaw, wflM at ,t r Imke on Wednesday,
cpiantity lately.	Joseph Smith.	Mr. W. A. Moore went to Bryson Wed
etc., just arrived
A full stock of Massey Harris bicycles and bicycle repairs just received.
Smart & Smith.
I
)
!
iJ

Moved by coun. Hudgins, seconded by | ocsd.ay Smart & Smith I ooun. Smith, t lat minutes of last meet
1 y*	• Samuel Rennick, I day, #1.00; Fred l The Orangemen of this
Morrison. 1 day, $1.00; George Dagg, 1 ting up a new lodge and hod a hee day, #1.00; Ernest McRae, 1 day, #1.00; fTiday, and although the day was stormy Thomas Findlay, 1 day, #1.00; Herbie there was a good turn out.
, I Our crack shot killed a dog the other
Messrs. Tom. Tubman, of Thorne; lohn Thompson, Litchfield; and Charles
And don’t forget our

«WALL PAPERS»-
win

I
Largest Stock in Town.
put-
i
I
UNDERTAKING
Cuthbortson, Graham Elliott still
of under-
g-andln# I 1 u onion rummy, i nay, *i.uv; iierou
Prompt Dale, j day, 2hcts;Wm. Tuvritf l .\ days, I	M
#1.50; Silas Wilkie, 1 day, #1.00; Henry day. but he don’t, want it to be known Mr. Win. McDowell, of the 7th line, is Campbell, Ij days, #1.2u; Harry Me	-	-
reported to be very ill. The <> r gen-1 Dowell, bill, #2.00	1.00.	[	_____ ^	__
tleman of that name reported ill las week, is improving.
The establishment of Win. Howe, I John Elliott Jones,
!
»
keep on hand a full supply taking materials. which quality are second to none, attention and charges moderate.
J. H. SHAW.
re

,



Sank Ceremonif
!

Moved by eoun. Hudgins, seconded by conn. Smith, that the cedars delivered by
AH follows— 12 log»,
paint manufacturer of Ottawa, was ut-I 21 ft* l°ng, at 50c. each, #10 HU; 24 logs,
terly destroyed by tire on Tuesday night ! 2U ft. long at 75c. each, #18.00; 42 logs,
last, causing a loss of about #75,000. lty 15 It. long, at 35c. each, $14.38—#41». 18-
reason of the inflammable material which An(l by Mrs. Murphy-delivered 50 ce
the building contained the conflagration durs, 15 ft. long, at 30c. each, #10.50 —
of the worst which the lire bri-1 be accepted and paid for.—Carried.
Moved by coun. Shaw, seconded by
coun. Horigins, that the following names
n	â .	. .be added to the li.it of Parliamentary
Mr. R-bt. G Klliott has just complet- electors . Jiev K „ Whitcs.de, R. J.
ed .i truly artistic job of work at Dr. Ly- (}ol,ion, Frank Blair, Robert Whitman, on s residence, being the completion on w A. Brown, J. L. Matheson, Krncnt modern lines of that gentleman s < raw- i Burroughs, James Matheson, W. (j. Wiling room, and the hmalimg touches there- liams WUliert Howes, William l ang,
on have been performed by the master- Alc.t. Smart, Henry Knox, Benjamin
mml of decorator A. I. Jackson, the Ire]wldj Dr J. McKinley, Dr. F. M. A labors of both tradesmen combining to McNaughton, Hilliard Hodgins, William make one oi the most handsomely hoish-1 D#le_ (jeill.,_,e McDowell, Albert Horne ed rooms to ire seen anywhere in this section.
Addrers PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE
EASTER EXAMS
ia&—
Bristol Corner School
(Maximum 100 marks.—Figures mean percentage),
Grade IX
LOCAL NEWS.
Lillian Cowley, 87; Lucy Glenn, 02; Maggie Laird, 58; John Cowley, 52; John McCredie, 42.
Grade III.—Maggie Thompson and Freddie Morris, 71; Ernest Wilson, 57 Jennie Russell, 50; David McCredie, 48; Cecil McLaclilin, 34.
Grade II.—Maggie Glenn, 85; Maggie Wilson, 82; George Ru; sell, 70; Amelia Hughes, 44.
Primer IL — 1, Joseph Russellj 2, Sydney Morgan; 3, Nellie Murray.
Primer I. —1, Willie Morris; 2, X'erna McCredie; 3, Arnold McLeod; 4, Phebia
H. F
Are you using Dowd’s Flour 1
Call and examine Stewart’s Easter Holiday special bargains in boots and shoes.
linison is still in the Chic business. Como and look into the incubator.
Mr. Christie McNeill and Miss Jennie Cuthbertson, of Bristol, were united in matrimony last week.
Easter week Imison will take Sunbeams of your babies at 50cts per doz. A snap, sure.
WANTED, at once-A good general
servant. Apply to MRS. 11. If. Knox,
Shawville.
All photos furnished at Imison’s gallery are of the latest plat inn style. Special mounts to correspond.
Mr. D. Shaw, of Mon* real, inspector for the Merchants Bank, visited the blanch here last week.
New Williams sewing machines, churns, washers and wringers; sewing machine
Smart & Smji h.
Bohn.-At Portage du Fort on Wednesday, the 4th inst., the wife of G. E. Reid, of a daughter.
Save paying two prices by calling at Imison’s by getting tho pictures of your self and friends enlarged, ing a speciality.
gy The Shawville Marble and Gran ite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor turns ot t a superior class of work in Monuments, Headstones,etc. Prices reason able
\
was one
gode had to struggle with. Mr. Ilowe it is stated will not rebuild.
Ail

I
Get the Best !
There is only one standard of quality in
Karn Pianos «d Organs
That is the very best quality only 1

Tredeau
John Storey, John Splanc, Trios. Coni gan, Joseph Cotie, Alexander Nicholson
Mr. Tl II. Argue arrived home on I ”	r:*	\ d 1\ James Nay-1 Mr.	rwan, the well-known
Wednesday evening, Buffering from aMor» 1 hoi tins Hoyle, Samuel Ralph, Al-1 hotel keeper, has retired from business, very severe attack of Ingrippe.	fretl Richardson, Benjamin Armitage.
His case, we regret to report, lias be*	l^L Alexander,	Harry Morrison, Robt.	|	A	report is	curent	that	t!ie	Bristol
come very critical and liable to result in	Dale, Calvin Morrison, tielisley E Hod-	iron	mines are	to be operated	again at	an
brain fever, which makes the Jprospect gins, Henry Campbell, Robt. J. Ilodgins, early date, Good news, which it is to be of his recovery extremely doubtful. The	Herbert Dale,	Archie Datrg, 1 tarry	|	hoped is true.
Tuesday night, alao	view	I Howard, John	Hobbs, George Cowan,	|
of the case.	Matthew Finnigan, l!i«*s. lelford, Al-1 Mary Blizard, of Queen’s County, New
noli c;.li)l ll «00,000, divided into for 1809 be accepted.
10,000 shares 0 $10 each. The Company Moved by coun. Smith, seconded by lscompn.sod of the following gentlemen : CJUn. Shaw, that the Secretary notify the
”7"	SI T. . «M, r„„„,a
ham Hirmn. Quyon; Ed. Graham, £ the hour of 10 p. m.-Carried.	egg, something larger than « pigeonh
Briatol; B. W Dunnet, Pakenham; John Moved hy coun. Smith, seconded bJ which aa« found incased in the larger
^^iRssrKifflî “E,y..............................................•	s?
wîsÿoMbwiK!ïer’
t

1
?
Best Tone Best Material Best Durability Best Finish

3^
mm
»
t
needles and oil
in
ir
Bn
K
Picture fram-
Freak jn Hen Frvit.—Mr. Thus. Corrigan has left at our office an egg shell of abnormal size, being nearly 8 inches in
r*
If you purpose getting a Plano or Organ why not get the best '
The Karn Instruments cost a little more than cheap ones but tf|ey give satisfaction and last a lifetime.
Drop us a card for Illustrated Catalogue.
Messrs. Ritchie & Me Adam, merchants of Galette, have decided in removing to Quyon. They will occupy Mr. Dowd’s building.
See the new No. 9 Verity Plough diamond steel mould Wards, adjustable handles, easy to hold ; cleans in any soil. Just the tiling. Call and see them.
Smart & Smith.

ago
Mr. Samuel C. McDowell and family left here last week for Kippewa, where he has engaged with Mr. W. J. Connelly. His house here lias been rented by Mr. R. W. Horigins.
VILLE WHO HAVE PAID TAX FOR YEAR
Vestry Meeting.—The annual vestry meeting of St. P nil's Church was held on Monday of this week Messrs. W II. Corrigan and W. B. Crawford were elected church wardens for the current Among other busin mittee of live and have full
1899.
Thos. Argue, $1.00; G. M. Donaldson $1.00; James Cuthbertson, $1.00; Dr Alexander, $3.00; Rev. Mr. Knox, $1.00 Ritchie M	% Dr. I yon, $1.00
John G. McGuire, $1.00; John A. Mc-1 AGENTS .‘—Canadians won't lx* hood-1 $1.00; Win. Henry Horigin», | winked. Opposition books completely
snowed under. Oar mammoth T Volume work on “ Boer British War ’ ; and genuine “ Life of Moody " sweeping everything from their path. Send your address and get outfits quick.	j
LINSCOTT PUBLISHING COMPANY,
Toronto.
s t ur authorized agent for your what bargains we have in stock es in which we had to take getting them ready fur -ale.
MR. J. K. HORNER, Shaw vil!» vicinity. V/e keep him posted as and ha ve sonar • p Kindly wn
year.
1 a cominted to look after i.-, ¦
thu'««Wewuwl. jg"oo|Ime, Prender
Horner. 81.00; Hob
iking a number of art i)avment. and i

t ran
Bank manager F. A. Parker, took a few days off last week to visit friends in Montreal and elsewhere. During his ab *ueh ns tl aenvc his place was tilled by Mr. J. F. H the gi Hill, of Ottawa branch
i
\
for prices
l
8I.CU; Lyman
a
R -hurt
THE D. W. KARN CO., L’t’d,

1
1
t Elliot
I
1
!
ages on burial plot# of the congregation mittee arc :
197 Sparks St., OTTAWA
in

li


i
rrnir- ; u
00: Ed want
$3 00; Dale,
$1.00; H. I


The me ml
«.«ton
loi
H
If vour watch stops and will not go Take it to Swat man he will know Take it to Swat man And leave it awhile,
He will repair it in first-class style.
posing this com-
(iuul
Hynes. Dr. A. Lyon, J. H. Shaw and Th IS. Preil lorgnât, one and should approval of the c« mgn step in the direction of bringing about a more satisfactory state of thing».
i
Mm. Thus. Telford, $2.C $1.00; Hold, llobbs hell, $1 00; Wm. Tu >n f ; John A.
A. Dido, $1.00; Dr. Klock, $1.00; E Bu roughs, SI 00.-Total, $31.00

Ed

$2.00; Henry l amp" riff, 1.00; John Gib-Cowan, 1.00; John
I
AGENTS People won't be deceived w ith American Histories of the war published now. as the war is only commenced. 1 Handle our two-volume Canadian manu- | factui ed work. First volume ready soon, complete to date, thus you get tromiturion. Second volume published when V
with incomplete books f Prospectus free.
i
v g
FOR SALE
\GENTS	“ War in South Africa.” Two
volumes. First c m tains complete history of country and war to date ; tells about our contingents, giving names of officers and men. Second volume to be published when war is over. Only Canadian manufactured book. Everybody cancels their order for American books when seeing ours. If a hustler, this is your gold mine. Prospectus free.
BIt IDLE Y-GARRETSON CO., L t d.
Brantford.
muet with the general
A car lot of buggies, phaetons, expresses in stock. All leather trimmings, spring hacks and cushions, patent hubs, roller hack cushions. Call and see them soon as they are going like hot cakes.
Smart & Smith
turn, as it is i
DESIRABLE VILLAGE PROPERTY.
We observe from an Ottawa exchange
that the redoubtable “ Dr." Douglas,	----
who is known to many of our readers, os- April 13.—We are having very sloppy uecially in Clarendon, has been getting weather just now, the made being almost himself into trouble again. Regarding impassable.
that eccentric individual our contempor- No. 1 school closed Thursday for the
aayfl .
“ R. G. M
BRISTOL
The property owned by the late Dr. H. H. K nox, consisting of a lot of aliout 135 fl. Why waste time front by 200 ft. In depth, in the centre of
which is erected a large frame house with brick extension. Also good stable and carriage] house- all in good condition. Terms made easy for purchaser. _
Apply to MRU. H. H. KKÔX.
Joseph Metcalfe, Matt. Wallace and Albert Wallace left for Milestone, Aasa., on Monda
Arthur Richards, of Billerica, started same date for Edmonton.
av morning, going by way of Thom. Clarke, of Moorhead, and
LIN8COTT PUBLISHING CO.,
Toronto
Easter holidays.
Douglas, said to belong to Miss Mary Moi risen, of Billerica, is!
*
i
i
i
###PAGE###2###



\
rîJS? ï^'SS-St EE'.SïSÏ DIM HOUES FOR BMT1I1 rrto*£SfÆ,«'.VS
iHM'.i. wi.h au oiith, looking askame ruffian», whose eyes glistened as they	—	|lhi9 state off affaire naturally shook
wæ•teïstst sm.:;ïi.:s «•«—“".jg«““* arisaas1»œ
11 1‘"' boi rlble. K would be a me ivy to them. The man who hid spoken be-	WAK KttvALLIkU.	lone to furnish immediate relief in the
^1 ) *	' ,l ,lo,sv now* an<i ell,l w * 1 ' fore seemed, to be the loader of the	Nhai*e of appropriate n ou risk cti*at
tan there was no one lo take the purty—a filthy beggar with one arm iwml aniferi»* Whleh rellewe» làe He, I medicine, sheller and clothing, and
a	ho!" he	ie	HIP Army In Ike 1 rimra I 1 be other	if possible on
HBan
;°ou?nft..1"m::	1	AWmwmemid«m *.r	^
its anticipations and hopes. For the truth. Hu l .ltd not know. 1 did not. flu l.‘ ,	1	' ° slowly froj,e and	BA I TLEFIhLD.	any atrial inconveniences, as the >vn kindness and winning all hearts
time she was spared that horror. But	1 swear l did not!”	pet i lie, .	—	tenta were able to be pitched on com-	vv|!“ whom Hhe Cnmo in contact,
this Illness alone sufficed to over-	The captain silenced her	protesta- u: llie,e ,1le	u ,H>MV ‘“‘ngs	ihan Tiiriniug Letter Irsm	n Wees#	Medical	mirnlively dry ground, rations at the
^ " - -..........................................^
longer remembered her	husband's	accused. "Madame.* he said, in u low	k‘n '•> miihb.ng power. And some of	men	and	looses,
coldness, but only the early	days when	unsteady voice, “is this true?’	tli«v*e knew It; nay, all. i be poo i est	,	'	111 ghastliness, for	a glimpse	a»d fie Id	abiliiy	of the
he had coirs to her in her country	She stood with both her hands on	outcast whom 1 be glut* of the ores-	into	the gory realities of	war and
home, a black-bearded,	bold-eyed	her breast, and looked with a face of	aelH surprised » be luiked m the poich	j	the horrors of the battlefield the prl-
srjZi}' szsva&sz irs«,ts.t; as i -•
his	thu	ii ess
gotten now ; only his beauty, his vigor, which held her. He thought she did
his great paenion, his courage, were	not hear; and he was about	to re|*at	Châtelet, end,	hugging bus	rags, ; beaten “ I selected	a pass	"
remain bere$. A dreadful pain seized his question, when she moved her thanked Heaven lor it.	M ,	. A , *	.
her heart when she recognized that 111* in u strange, mechanical fashion,	__ 0î4, ei hung by steep clay banks
his had ceased to beat. She peered aud, after an effort, «poke. “Is it	riiAPTKR VIII	0,1 **ie top of which I got up a Red
white-faced into the physician’s eyes, true! she whlspered-in that at rick-	Cross flag. Cases now began to pour
she huug urn bis lip*. If she remem- ®n silence every syllable was audible, "ben Jehau, m a lever of indigna- ,	* Q	.
be red her journey to the Rue Touchy t | and even at her fiisi word, some wo- tlou, slippvoi siea lthily out ol' the 1	0 ®*>lun kop on 81 letchcre.
at all, it was only to think how futile men fell to shuddering—"is ii true kviwe ui iho Hue Touchât and sped up The Boers opened fire on us, and three her hopes w*#e now. He. whom she that 1 have killed my husband Î Yes, the dark, quiet street after Madame bullets went into the fire knocking would have won back to her, was gone l have killed him 1 lo\ed him. and 1 de V idocho, he bid no oublier pur- tb sti k ol,m. T,	'	- _ #Kiw
from her forever l	have killed him. 1 loved him—I had pose m his mind than to overtake tier	* The ,eason for 1
The doctor shook his head gravely ! no one else to love—and 1 have killed tod wain hcr. 1 ho lady had spoken as he rose, lie had tried to bleed the him. God has let this be in this kindly on the night of the Mippei at ing to some Tommies who were atroll-lent, without waiting, in this world. You are real and 1 am real. L<v Andvlys. «She* was young, weak ing over to it, either to take cover there emergency, for a barber to be sum- It Is no dream. lie has let it be.”	oppressed; the plot against her seem-
moned ; but the blood would not 'Mon Dieu!" i he captain muttered, eu to the child lu be iicudûh in Its flow. “It is useless," he said. "You while one woman broke into noisy aitfulnsas. It needed no more to must have courage, madame. Move weeping. "She is mad I”	rou.se every chivalrous instinct in
courage than is commonly required,11	Nut madame was not mad, or only Uls nature—an-1 ibese in a boy should fired five shells lu quick succession
he continued, in a tone of solemnity,	mad for the moment.	"It is	strange,”	bo many, or woe betide	the mull—and	jn
almost of seveiity. Lie looked round	*hm continued, with	writhing lips,	detei mined him to save	her.
and met the captain’s eyes. He but in the same even tone—which to ytt thought that if he could overmade a slight sign.	hhose who had s*rs to	hear was	t*kc her and warm her	all would be
;;He is de,d r .he muttered	*»«• than ,ny	luud	oulery	wel|, and hi first h.a	l»ur|»uae went I the dav, but I always kept well In the
He Is dead, the physician answer- 'hat such a thing should be. God no fu, (ban ib.it. Hut a«s he ran. ed, slowly. “More, madame- my ! should not let it be. because I loved Uuw looking over his shoulder in ter-tosk goes further. It is my duty to him. 1-but perhaps 1 shall awake ror| and now ^ermg into the dark-
EHvmB"127 H?r	~FH;F'=......
^. Poisontd, I «aid mesl»»»," the phy- With the last words, which leaped neil and* wh.nwioaf though? flashed h® °U r ax,t !rom llle,bi L 1 "aW The morning after the whole harbor ture of fireproof clothing, piper,
¦***¦*
slums erf Paris, and his kindly nature the captain raised his hands .o his	had’ônîi* a few“ mmmei ebl«‘-,nen wllh shattered limbs amok- d in water eud when lbe firing lU greet weight, thw ejwciflo gravit*
2^2= ##= #!:=
ministered within the hour."	dressing the physician. "1 must take jntei va he found no flaw in i . Ha-, her the front trenches, who could not be |Jh# c#aselesa fln rlle meu seldom Butes consul at Freiburg* Germany.
raise a barrier between them. The cfUss will ring in my oars u twelve- "a felt nui the Slightest misgiving leaning on his rifle; ho was amass lu lJu>m circula lion was impeded, without In any way affecting the cob
sf;s?sr*Sütr&rs	.“An";.r.".i'.;:.™.:':;Æzr:.!‘z.2 ........................................................................................................................... y-j- &sssts
not whiter than her cheeks ; the | ames womnn had iou» bed his afin.	without a scruple or thought shot through by othere, and hi» buck numerable cases of frost bile, ending Wiilei lDtl lhe firepr0oflug can be re-
lights were not brighter tKan her ! “The boy!" she muttered. "The 01 rewponsibuity—nay, he followed md legs torn by shell. He came in and aL best in amputation. Add to this moved washing but otherwise tha eyes, disiended with horror. "Poison-	boy!" Her teeth were chatter ng with	IBa da me home, t^Qd jid	himself b< bind	said be just dropped In to let me take	u ant of fuel wherewith to oook their	pr0u Mixes are	entirely reliable,
e.t !" she muttered. "Who would poi-	terror. She pointed to i h * plat e w h re	1*1C ruMain, with no	feeling of ap-	his finger off, as it was	so shattered	suited meat, aud the absence of vege- q»he consul	details the result of rr-
son h;m i”	the servants stood most thickly nenr ptehenaton as lo what was coining, he could not pull the trigger of his table food or lime juice to mitigate	made by him, which were
“Thai is the question, madame.” thç	the great curtains which shut off ihe	w*th no Qualms ol conscience.	rifle, and gut in the way of the next	the ravages of scurvy and other dis-	entircly satisfactory.	Goods sotreat-
ruptain of the watch answered, not staircase. ;	Hut when he had seen alt, and lying finger, which he could use for he eases, aud he client of the sufferings ^ w^eB ex.M!.s«d to a very cunsider-
x'l'hout t it v—not without admi^^-	followed the direction of her	*P*il-bouud in his hoding-place had	wanted to get back up	the hill to	will readily be seen. As men became	,jb,e he lt	aa lbat 0( a red-hol
fiotL "Anct'U, ai Wè are told, the	hand, but saw noth ng bu' s< ared faces	witnessed the tragedy,	when covering	pa y I the Dutchmen out.	Of course I	Incapa.i a ted so much the more work	aolhraclt^ Coal fire, were charred
îKHsôu must have been given within and cringing figure. bat boy. hl* eHltt with h.s hands, and cower- would not let hi in back.	fell to those that regained well. , where lhev were m immediate eon-
Tho hour, it should not be difficult	vcomanf he retorted. "Whit do you	u»g down as If hr would cower through	" The bullet wounds are beautiful- ANIMAIS’ GHKAT SUFFERING.	laol wlth the fire; but	there was no
•V .newer it.	Let no on. leave the	meanr .....	the floor, be hid heard Vldouhti'a	I, clean just a little round hoK.n-l	iu)(eriug u ,be ,Bima|, wa.	flam., and.	no spread of	tb.	fire
ro. m 1 pul in*	hU muetaohloav'U here The boy who cam*	aftar us	to the ! Ueat»-oty and «meed at each	ay 1-	as a rule do not do m.Kh	HW	i,..,,,., lrigh,fui, lbe bolaeM i»a1Ug in	through the	fabrics. Some of	the
I» 'he valet who waned ou Monsieur ebu,ch." »he answered. "I a.w lnm	uf »“•"«•«»*». heart-broken ut- they often go through lhe hone with-	from cold, neglect and fatigue, cloth dipped in kerosene oil was eat
de \ idiche 1	-	Î mmuie ago—(here— He wa* stand- tenace when, with quaking liuit» out shattenng it, an	7_ ‘ 1 The caroaaes, for there was uo time ou fire,, hut, when the oil was burned
r Thé man stood forward from the , 1Dg behind that mm. looking under HDtl while ebeek^, he had crept si last bleed much. The she	wo	or faciliiy to bury them, formed a outi it was seen that but little dam-
rest. shaking with alarm, and told hi* aim." Three snides brought, the duv'n lhe stairs and lied from the hideous.	IJL1 „.w	revolting aud terrible additional fea- age waa done.
briefly all he knew ; how ho had left caj)lalI1 ()f (he watch to the place in- •veuraed house, then the buy knew ill,	Hl.Ot KKD i UK	.	i lure to the desolate scenery. At the appeared that the process of ren-
bis master in his usual hee.it th, ant|	divated. Bui there was no boy there	knew xiiai he hid done, and was hoi -	" It was now frightfully dark and	j SUUU(( 0f the feeding trumpet the poor	during such material	incoiubustihls
found hi in in	some kind of stizu re ;	—there was no boy to	be seen.	More-	ror-atneken! liven the darkness	anil	j pU( the lanterns on a stick	as a	oreai urcs, maddened with hunger,	c(XSl8 a bout	three cents u	yard	and
Jvrw VI io<3^i e had bid lnm l^k in ' he	0ver, ihe frightened	.servants	who	f,e^Kllltf c°ld were welcome, if	he	direction to my pass. Shortly	*'**1 j	s:am; e.ie.l In i ho direct ion of the	aijda a weight) not greater	than	one
cup. and how he found a sediment in at00d fa thai part declared that they 01‘6hi escape from that house—if he this both lanterns went out and I forage stores, undeterred by whip* or [XJUDd to about fifty square yards.
it which should not	have beau there.	ha(J aMU no	boy—ih it no boy could	might	leave those haunting cries be-	had a pretty bad time, as the	pass, s,ones, snatching the hay in their	^	'	-
“You mixed this	wine yourself f ’	faa?e boen	lbere pbe captain, be-	hind.	But	howf By what road# lie	often got blocked with wounded	Mn-	desperation even from each other’s
the captain of i he watch said, sharply.	, ilevjng lbat they hid had eye* only for	Ned through street after street, a l-	ally 1 could send no more wounded	moui hs.	I Mf_
The man allowed he had. whimper-	^jadame de Vidoche, put small faith	ley after alley, over bridges, and along	across the drift, and had to lay them	, thejr frenzy iû the	first
ering and excusing himself.	m their protesta.tions; but the fact	Quays, by the doors, of churches and	with the dead in rows on thu grass,	hunger	was only exceeded	by	the	jmuor(anne oan
“Very well. l^et me see madame s	remained that the bov wa.s gone, and	lhe rites of prisons. Hut every-	I collected all the wounded officers on	Client	misery of the	subseauent	ex-	:	d
woman, ’ was the answer. >% here is	lby marcher	returned baffled and	where	the	sights and sounds went	stretchers around me and gave	them	i hausiion which followed. Many died, k
she 1 She is Mre.	1 suppose ( l*®f	perplexed, more than h ,lf inclined to	with him,	forestalled him, followed	brandy and a hypodermic of	mor-	whilst fetching their own forage from
her stand out."	think that thus might be a ruse on the	him. He could not forget. When at	phis.	Halaklava Daily iheir ranks became
A dozen hands were ready i o ()oint	WvmaB s parl vel al a i0SR t0 Bee	last, utterly exhausted, he flung him-	” The morning light began to dawn	thiuner and thinner, and daily the
her out, a dozen lights were held up	what good it could do her. He ^f down on a pile of refuse in a about 4 ftd and lit up the ghasily roadways presented a more terrible
that the Chevalier Hu Duel might see	bei roughly how old the boy distant coiner of the Halles, hi# heart faces of the patients around me. My spectacle.
her the better. She *as pushed, ^ ^	aeeined bursting He had killed a men nnfw got afire ready and pre- Another very saddening feature was
nudged, impelled forward, until she	. twelve’’ she answered look- nun. He had worse than killed a wo- pared some beef tea and coffee, and the removal of the wounded from the
stood trembling where the man had 4 ne ^ ^ver her shoulder, lu man. lie would be hung. The a.stro- after giving the wounded some, I sent camp to the great hospital at Scutari stood. But not for long. The cap- b b bpirau to fancy that the f<>g«r had told him truly, he wa* doom- them on the ambulances across Hi» —in all nearly eight thousand. To
BHM
"fly- It was bHieved to b,,ug hi» m with you*"	«lumber; but only to »v«ke m a few Wentiftotlion r«rdj,	* vessel mean, agony end ine«pre.«ibl#
be common ; It was euspected	in many	She vowed positively tbit «be	hud	m.nuie* wi h a sc ream of affright	mon»y- 1	n their Dockets -love	torture	to Ihe wounded and fever-
oases w he re it could not be	proved,	not. and	equally po-sitively that	the	and a di*maL return of all his appre-	things wc	found	In t net r pocneta^ o e	gtrick#n	n,„el .«(.kedt without
Men felt themselves at the mercy of hoy could not have followed them in beneiun.s.	lc •	.	. h .. f;n:Hlw| ,pf„ resi. clean Due.-,#, proper food, victuals,
w omen, who, sharing their bed and without being, seen In this w e know	bull, nature was already at work hooks^wtt n arc oun s. n i	medicine or adequate attendance, the
board, bad often the motive	and al-	lbat she	was mistaken; but she	be-	to console, lnm; and misei y sleeps pro-	l«ra.	or	me n.ejrs n	sounds that rent the air. the shrieks,
ways the opportunity; aud in	propor-	|leved jt,	and her belief communicat-	verbuily well. After h time he dozed i title th.nf^	tney iouna-a q s„m, I	groans,	entreaties, prayers, and
lion as the crime was easy of com- I „d it/w|( to her questioner	aK"° for a few minutes, and then lw., a purse wtm m m y . ,	_ curses, together with the straining of
mission and difficult to detect, was He rubbed his head with bis h ,nd "gsin. At length, a little before day- or . “*	,	h h„.i „ . .. the timbers und the tramping of the
the rigor with which it was rewarded extreme perplexity. If the boy bieak, he went off into «sounder ,h*,r	-,>r »v of white heather orew« x^e	must have presented
when deiected. 1 ie rank of the were a messenger from the villain sleep, from which he did not awake un-	.	, ‘	;	b:, n n#f a veritable hell on earth 1
Princess of Conde—a Tremouille by whom tbie wretched woman hid been G* lbe wmtery .sun was nearly an and w«	, k *	«Scutari at last reached was found to
birth and a BourboU by marriage—did | t0 VLHjt wbtf rau.jg have brought him hour up and old-fashioned people were j shirl an,	„	f he already crammed. The huge rooms
not avail to save her from torture to tbe house# Why had he ruke»t th.nking of dinner.	means nr i« e	and passages presented a mass of
when suspected of this ; while 'be sud-	on the scene* of the m/urder* After opening his eyes, he lay aw hile	r_	human beings closely pecked feet to
den death of a mau of position wa9 Vnless-unleae, Indeed, bis missioi. beiween sleeping and waking, with	-ArTVTDV niTott	feeî« col'1 miserable, yet bravely suf-
often sufficient to expose his servants. Hf!re learn what happened, and to the sense of some unknown	1HIS ( Ot N I Hr Ol* <>l H. .	fenng, their only comfort and con-
• nd particularly nis	wife s confidante,	warn	bua	mH8Ler|	trouble heavy upon him. On a sud-	Canada lacks only 237,000	square	solation ht-ing in	the sympothy and
to he horrors of	(he question. Mad-	The	c a.pte in caught that in a mo-	den a voice, a harsh, rasping voice,	miles to be as large as the w hole	con-	| companionship to	he derived from
I'Z C ril l. -ny,hlr,y,SRC —-
and in a paroxysm of tear, in 'trr0*' on tb« instant to the Rue Touchet. runaway!” the voice said, with two times as large a9 ^teat Britain and | UK ROES END THEIR LIVES.
; ;«SS Æaaw: sfSüw j= : ,.lsrrrsrs ss. — -¦tetur-jj-xi'ss
flung both fidelity and prudence to fergettIilg ^ %. vUMfnl I will be Well, it u an ill-wind that blows no	_	their lives such a way and in such
•*T -Mil I will I	All i“ .he cried	«warn	he	tempted her! But now I	one any good. Rouse up the little	— "* ~~	surroundings, yet	ready and willing
ss tirarr	2- “ - “•	.	s« •&
q	them	off	on hie fttgere. “There ta	The next moment the boy eat up,	Aakit—Whom do you regard	aa	our	horrors of war saw ever fresh relays
"t/u* t wkn i. «h* woman P* the I only the lad wanting. Th* odd» are with Ac yy of pern, for a heavy port- greatest writer of fiction?	1 of wounded flocking in even fester
MptaAn asked sharpljr	| they will get him, loo, in the	knot fell on his shin-bone and Twilit—The weather man.	than the dead were carried out—
For Love and Fame.

*
)
#
I
•9WÔ
ear
v ,
I
p
r
FIREPROOF CLOTHING.
Hie cheerfulness
\
men were also
Orman Firm flnliu» lo flare a rrecess
lor H iking Ii.
The importance of fireproof buildings cannot bo exaggerated, hut why shall there not be> fireproof clothing?
" hen ft is vonaidered that many destructive conflagrations have resulted, and many human live* have been lust, from the communication of fue to bedding, and human clothing and other textile fabrics which
good, notwithstanding the fact of the work being terribly heavy in proportion to the numerical strength of the army, and taking into consideration the still lingering cholera pest (he midst of these favorable conditions there suddenly arose a terrific hurricane, ncroiupuuied with blinding min, which, lodging in the billows of ihe tents, together with the pressure of the wind, prostrated the tents of ihe whole camp, or else hurled them bodily in ihe distance. The effect of this was terrible as nil the hospital
or jwm-house, the leanest be 1< ohd oui .-lu i t led by t tie
tramp, knew, himself hippier than Cflr ftt Spion Kop, printed in the Lon-the kings prisoner bound- for the don Daily Graphic, can scarcely he
Châtelet, n; '	*	'	1
thanked Heaven lor it
In
he
aie extremely combustible, tho value of some ready me,ns of fireproofing such articles without damaging then colors, quality nd utility, would be incalculably gnat.
Many « hotel would not have been
not. the Hod Cross Flag, but ow-
w as
teuts were also carried away, leaving the sick and wounded completely at the mercy ai the storm, dripping with wet and twrislilng with cold,1 dewtrojed it the lace curtain» had not
•- - - 23ft.ra.h:™:s;
of enormous quantities of food sod fireproof. The terrible holooâiuit at forige.	the charity bazar lu Parie a few veers
ago could not have occurred hud the curtains, burning „nd decoration# The nevustaliou of the storm was generally been made of fireproof
not al.n,« confined to the forces on SOOds; and it is wen possible that
m my of . be unfi-rt unate vi tiins would have escaped .unhurt had their clothing been fireproof.
As is well known, the substance
or to see what we were doing promptly ordered them away.
"A few minutes after, the Beors
1
I
I
my direction, but they fell short and did no harm. This sort of thing went on atouud me for the rust of
S TOU M PLAYED HAVOC
shelter of the bank.
" From t his time to ten o’clock next
shore, for in the harbor of Bu Ink la vs 21 vessels laden with stores most
Should the! announced discovery to be all that m rbi.reyented Ihe pathos of the sight of nf it ^hen something exceedingly
pangs of v;i]u;>ble has been an lined, and its
scarcely be exag-
prove
COMEDY AND TRAGEDY.
i
Tile Viperl+B*e #f » *Bllv» Ii ihe
War.
Into the terrible tragedy of w»r sre inserted now and then bits of comedy
journey proved fatal. Wrapt »«<« kindlinea. whi, b like Shake.-blankets and covered with] pea re s jesters, lighted 1 hn othei *#
intolerable gloom.
During the, Zulu War in Africa, and, overwhelming force of natives was opposed to a little band of
From the Zfulu host
South
English sailors stepped a warrior laden with an ancient firearm, which he calmly mounted upon a tripod in the open, while the sailors looked on, admiring his pluicà. but wondering! much what he proposed to do. At last one jovial tar suggested that their photographs about to be taken, and by common consent no shots were fired.
Having loaded his piece with great deliberation, the Bulu primed it, sighted it and leaning hard upon iu breech, he fired. The recoil knocked him head heels backward, while a great roar went up from the delighted sailors. He sat up, looking dazsed, and then, the amusement over, he, with his countrymen, charged, and were annihilated by a volley from t b# steadily aimed pieces of the little band
of bluejeckets.
I
orrors as bad
were
poisoning ) part leu h
the
more
over




SUGAR AND PROSPERITY.
The theory was recently broached lbat the prosperity of a country may be estimated by the amount of sugar which its inhabitants consume in a year, and certain political economists do nob hestitate to maintain that statistics bear testimony to the truth of this theory. These statistics show that each, inhabitant of the coutneâ named consume» on an average tbs

pees
following amount; of sugar in s year —England, 91.31 pounds; United States, 50.9O1 Frames, 31.02; Germany, 3v 82; AuftrmrHunger?, 1734; Russia IS-Oil Turkey, 7i*i and Italy, OSS pounds.

>


###PAGE###3###





0

I
1



BATTLES AT CHRISTMAS.

HOW SÀVAOfcS OKT THEIR PIRE,

nORTirRIÆMEDICîXES


11


l»h ibllenlii »f Wml Mu<l*g«snrHr 4rr ih* 13«M liigrnloim In lhi‘ Word.
many occasions recalled when
BRITAIN WAS AT WAR.
DOSES THAT DOCTORS PRESCRIBED TWO HUNDRED YEARS AGO.

<
%
1
Various savages

have different methods of kindling fire In New Holland a pointed all'k is twirled between Children Were Compelled to Tolee
the palms uf the hand until I be wood

Inip.irlnnl lleitles ftuughl nn<l Won nl fuir llile by ilie I nvIUli Irmy In IMITrr-ret ParlH of iti< World.
Now that
It le easy to write this heading, but to answer my own question is not so w»ay. Thousands of my readers, all over the world, will curiously gaze on the head lines, and each one will have aû answer all bis own, writes Barkley Barker.
How do you bi*ar pain, gentle sufferer, to whom these words are read, in a sick room of heroism? What a cunovti collection would that bo could I have all your answers to write down here. Some bear it for the moment, hoping tho next moment it will bo less keen; were it not for this hoi* of "feeling better soon," what a black world this would be. I think this is the commonest way. We boar the pain temporarily; we continually assure ourselves that it is not to be for long; we dwell on the memory of yesterday, when we had no pain, and try to think on the morrow, when we shall be all right again. We apply remedies in great expectation, and busy our minds with watching their beneficial effects, and so forget the anguish by mental préoccupancy as much as possible. To do something for a cure is of almost as much value as the cure it-


M let urea of Human Skull», Barth* worms, Oordfii Small# nod Crab/ Bye# and Claw
The most ingenious method is how- Dr Bobert Rayburn, professor of physi-interesting to rec all other ocoea.one ev that folluwe(l L, the inhabit- I 6,0"r tt?d b™lene ln the medteal depart-
P^rrirfi
home* ia England rendered deeol .led they twirl the upnght atiok rapidly 6lflo	trmMng the dlwoK(„
by the absence of those who will never aM'1	ltjf* fm' 1‘Kh’ing.	children that obtained about ÜOO years
To uh who have merely o .trike .	The paper waa read before a joint
to warm ourselves or ^ok^.ir'fuu.i" Thon./w Willis, an eminent physician
of hrtgland
died In 1674
treatment of epilepsy:
“A Man In this Neighborhood had all
.	tl ,	....	bis Childniii dead of Convulsions within
: complexion cal led respectively blondes three mouths after thuy were born
| and brunettes
the former type should be light haired with fair hkin, while the latter has
on which it stands begin y to smoke, and at last breaks into flame.
and rumours of wars nre 1 ho order of the day. it is
llleedlu* b Fed.
WI1IH
It
»

I


I

*

como again, says an English paper
r^'i
f.
!
I®,
i
K
k mMM
M
we have fought at Yule-tide, for although we usually come out victorious, only in one case have we met with u reverse, which was at Bron k-er'a Spruit) in the last Boer war of 1880-81.
The first, Christmas bittie of which we have any record was fought at Clifton Moore, in 1745, between our forces and those of the Pretender.


t
He was born in 1621 and Ho wrote concerning the

BECOMING COLORS

f§V>
a
»


There are two distinct types of
Wmm
mzjwU'I. Aw
1
L
SA

Al
»>
A true example of length, to prevent the haine Fate* in a Son
of hiH that was new born, he thought proper to try i lie Power of Medicine. I was called to him a few days after the Birth and ordered an Issue In the first Place to Hut comiKiratively few wo- be made In him Neck, and that two Ounce#
men are abeolutely true to either type, of Blood should Iw drawn next Day at the were beaten off only to gun in point &lany fajr wom, n are at,,.n vvith Uark Neck hy the Application of Leeches lad-VF	“ % :::::: SBEHHHH
olundi nog w.is stormed	oui mg	sometimes have b.ue eyes and light	lowing Powder should he given him
Chi 1st mas week, 1781,	although the	brown hair. Generally speaking how-	Morning and Evening In a Spoonful of
‘rr'r;
l i unie *e utilized lb#	agréai	ljlt. color of the hair; thus if you have	Pearls In Powder, half a Drachm. Mix
light brown hoir and a white skin you	them all together and make a very tine
Powder.
Sa'"
>
ÆJm

black tresses and an olive tinted com (flexion
m
*v
The conflict was a bloody one, and both sides lost heavily; but the rebels
;


m

a
i


¦
a®
v



't
*> :vJ
u





3E
&



•elf. because the doing Homethmg h»-l|>a to endure. It is of priceless comfort to the eufferer to gratify his whims, even, io doing this, or trying to do, that, or applying the other things, to work a cure. 1 mean without regard to its efficacy; the thought that un effort is, bring put forth to help him is itself a precious consolai ion.
Some bear pain by biwying themselves about other things. The mmd is a tyrant. It can lorget a pang, or be indifferent to its pleadings through the quivering nerves, If the mental action be sufficiently intense. Thousands work ail day long in pain, yet


1
p
¦
<A
k

deal for fighting. ChriMw m day, l7Ud, was made mewui abie by me arrival ot the tidings that Toulon had been AUt^Dusslully siui mod and captured, an l ï ule-title festivities immediately gave w.iy to national rejoicings.
Not till 1808 did we fight another . ...	. .	• .	,
I’liiiMUMS b i U le, but m the tut .iri- ' lh,ur aH-'-arui,ce would corUi.nly be time the. 1*rent'll bid celebrated ihe !	inipruviaj. Loud look» would
eea.ua by completely routing theAun-’ •* mil,le more effective and the lack Irian, on .be memorable field of of J*"0"»! mdten.^ea den ly con-Mini m in, Ixuu, and at tbe end of He- I oealB'1' The following rule, lui be-
M—ia i m
THEWORSTPARASITES.	’,',zr
at last. Jhe self-sacrificing and the They are surcharged with power to Th, arluioerai» of < hina i.d Ji.pmi irr emus Indian Rajah, ruser in* revolt ru niy, fr.-sh complexions find th.ir 1725), savs:
iitfcct.onaie often do this. Ve see this help. They are to be received. Ah,	«r %. KaraMjr ft*	"S ‘«m the British power, and col- Q;llural b auty intensified by .he" “A girl 11 yearn old of n pnngulne oon-
:rr: z- := =. r=es—hhh	shsbss
pilot, the physician, and all the nobl- | to the cjy of the pain-tortured. Pray | world. It is no uncommon thing for the 21st December, and the enemy termingled with apph- green, bright for six months she hud suffered two c^t good, in the presence otuy, ex-, to Him. Invoke the measureless aid uf the ancestors of some man who has were repulsed with loss, only to re- geranium, or full rose pink; while deli- severe Paroxysms each day. Tbe Paroxysm
toiboaiatafuboa..
have a certain degree of generiml wrong-doing, ask heaven s forgiveness, nobled backward for several genera- l8|UU0 men ail told, and the enemy stone drabs, pale grays, turquoise, this disease Is culled the Falling Sickness, healin, IthmJc, to P» act ice this, i . i - and vow to sin no more. I romise lions, and no aristocracy can be more were about four times that number; pale pink, primrose., delicate orchid nnd after remaining motionless for a l!t-taml.v pain m«y prostrate a ®“fferer to go out to a tender sympathy lor uselees than one which consists large- nevertheless, our. troops not only tints, and black trimmed with rose tie while she tunned lier limbs here and
°:„z\ssrsissv c xrsssf a s - -»- »*• -—- swtsaa ssvaus sitsas
strength to hour, if the cure is not more a ivam ed nations the arietoc racy Not till Queen Victoria came to the nnd wine shades are all suitable, and £he frequently bended hor head down-wise in His eyes. Pray for patience, Qf Spain is probably the most useless, throne did we participate in another improve the appearance of brunettes, ward with strong Convulsion# and flung tor a loving temper to those shout y°u’’j The strain of Moorish blood running Yule-tide campaign, but the festm- and an olive skin is made more littrac- tt backward with such force, ai «f she do.. -w " .w —. ---¦ ;» “*•	v:r^i:z,r^ % & s æüïïï.	Mr.—-—---—
lesson that youi pain should teach, and peninsula appears to conduce toward jyjuhratta War. Sir, Hugh Gough was rule to remember that all delicate After giving this vivid and accurate see if the willing pupil in not soon ttu indolent pride, which prevents , at the head of our Indian army, and shades harmonize with fair skins, and ! p|uturo 0f epilepsy be says * “I prescribed restored.	their members from taking part in two pitched battles were fought with a dark skin is improved and made j }or her the following powders: Take of
' the enemy cn the name day, he him- attractive-looking by the adoption of pr*parH(I Kurth Worms One Ounce. Hu-.sell defeatingt their force of 18OUU dark t ints.	man Skull prepared Two Scruples (forty
men, including 3,000 cavalry and 100	*	grains) Mix them and divide into twelve
Igflilll JTES'Eà Ülf PS
BT^TE'Er	£ Z:::':: %=::
been engaged during the century. Na- for „®° employing Æemselvea upon tlrat was at Moodkee, where thememy the army. Some trials had nlreody “But where that does not agree we pnk poleon declared war against England their own JI.L The Spanish noble,	^a^ k*D' . J'™1 d	bwn ma,le' but w,thouL	"»•“«	scribe distilled milk of which this surl
in May, 1803, tbe previous war between moreover, generally prefers foreign g ^fn'end to the struggle À the two countries having only termin- ^ea ^ 01 PIeaau,e results t	day later, on December 22nd, the bat-
SZg.EEE ### 5^^#
national dream.	j ^long.ng to the Hnti.sh .irmy *y pleced t)f artillery. The German War Milk two gallons
" Senor,” said the Spanish grandee,	(,5.l.® fle. , ,cr.	Ministry avails itself of every new “Distill them according to art and to
"we do not want to shine as a com- *l,p tbiiftmas ol 1»>1 did not p • ss ficien^ffo invention.	throe pounds or pints of the distilled liquor
mercial nation. We do not like work, uneventfully with oui t rooptf in the	add two ounces of prepared Crabs' Eyes.
We have in the past filled the proud Crimea, for the Hussions made a sor-	#	I,ot him take of this to the quantity of
îï'tV’Sxï « iK»i»r js	«. p«o««. ir,
day Spain has gut back to her senses. wt on f 11 in.to 1 mght. but t vi n Papers received by the l ist Ausira- Dr. Harris' treatment of fever was:
We teach our youths to be refined—to tu<H >	en',e<1 1,1 the iei real ot nc pan mHl give particulars of the final “To a child of a year old laboring under
b*	1 "™î™	p.,. T.Mxzxrsstsïüss
Mins at l bust mas. the memorable whose profits are prohibit the larg- Take Compound Powder of Crabs'Claws,
.	.	.	but e of Brnshne just having >c»*n est un record. In June, 181*3.	10 Prepared Pearls, of each one drachm (60
aæ&ææsas	.1=';.'=,:.%'%	CSUKSM-K55
movB out of my cold, dead nerves, last fatal campaign. Then come fc ranee the forests of Central India which has 0	n-, v ib-r r „r I n„h- dnxue, which sent mining prospec- must take cue of these immediately and
ess rnmmmm mm mm
ppn mrnmmm mm	mei
... »	eh=ee—
nssratsar,z::= iSrt,h*. ««»• ssavus,ratstis; rssr^x •
who will converse with you, telling A new model in ai shirt	waist ia	The grocery man on the corner ie-1	week.- (bicycle	in a livery st able f
every-day tales of outdoor life? Is made of vertical rows ot wash# ribbon	1M lhat a ' "ul>le of <iays H8° a ‘M c
.wolncboswidYodlaoelnaerUng. f;'L%dowr%TTsWfor\ô
ality by the alliance of a stronger, Long openwork gloves and mitts cents worth of candy.	1 Unless one hns some other sort of
healthful personality?	i will be a feature of the summer for It a for papa, she said. I want to knowledge to contradict it if w
God has given to some men and wo- wear will) the fashionable	half-long	’«prise him when bn comes hume.	natural	to accept the evidence of 'he
men that Very of mesmeric touch sleeve.	The	grocery man proceeded to dig	eye. Therefore the	answer which	a
that can soothe pain. No man can The long, pointed waist Is an out- out somei of his stock, when the little teacher recently recehed fruml her hay what it really is. Call Iti animal oome of the present style of sloping guT interposed.	cluas of smill children was not nito-
magnetiem, or what you will. In waist line.	Don’t	give me that kind. Give me get her surprising,
every neighborhood there are to be It Is rumored that there is to be a caramels. I just love caramels.	\\ htch is farther «way, she ««ked,
found those who, by laying on of revival of the broad lace collar.	But	I thought these were for papa, England or the moon
hands, in no superstitious sense either, Skirts of white serge or camel's the grocery man remarked.	England 'he children answered
can quiet nervous torture. They fm- hair will be all the rage for wear with I know, explained the little girl, quickly
part vitality; they subtract agony; ehdri waists the coming season.	but when) I give them to pajxi hell bnglindf she quia lonad. hat
their hands remove. Such holy mini- The designing of one’s own gowns them all back to me. So you d be ter cant see England, ttn®*®red oue ot strants, one among each thousand of Is quite tbe modish thing just now. give me caramels.	the brigh est of be hs
\
i

V,
are a bioiido, regardless of the shade of your e.yaa.
s
“Take of Blank Cherry Water three Oui es The Ai lleptlck Water of Lan* If the majority of people under- firm, an Ounce Syrup of the Flowers of
aloud the proper selection of colors Male Peony, nix Drachme.
“I likewise ord	Nurse to take a
Draught of Whey, in which the Roots anti Sends of Male Peony, and tbe leaves of Lilly of the Valiev had been boiled, twice every Day at the same Hours.
“The Child continued well about two Months and then began to lie troubled with Convulsive Disorders; upon which
>V •/
I
A



K
A
it
i'
«
m
it*

M
r >r
bear pain by iron resolution. To knit the whole nervous organism into a fight to endure id one of the most ready expedients. Within limits it ie good, but it has its limits. The very «sensitive, the highly organized nervous coiwititutious t>i bom'*, weakened by th* prolonged war that has broken down the will—ihe.se are plain exceptions. There is many a reader of thefce words who will cry out, "Bear itî 1 do not beer ill I am simply overborne and prostrate with pain. I submit because 1 must. There is no escape. 1 am down flat. Here I lie to b.' trampled upon. I cam only suffer.
Suffering ut all my occupation, if you isk me what lam doing, nowadays, 1 reply, suffering! Suffering is my business. 1 have giveu up ihe other business, forced into this one business of being in pain. Pain is my almost sole thought. 1 am fully conscious of every tw inge. I live to feel. My being has but o;.e funotion now—to feel anguish. All my mental powers are. engrossed with feeling pain. All my affectione are quiet, my passions and appetites are gone. 1 ache. I am nothing among men but one great ache. 1 am of no account to any one eke; certainly I am of very little use
to myself. My existence 6 pain, and ¦¦¦¦¦ H I shall pay full attention to this till ed tlie war, which Dually terminated
the pain departs, or	"	*	‘	‘
t
any professions but those of tbe army
OF SHORT DURATION.
and navy now open to them to a limited extent. The constitution of 1876,
1,0 h a;«»r Po%nlli|r,
#1


sufficiently complete for the results muy serve ae an example. Take of bast to prove conclusive. A more exha us- sarsaparilla one pound, Shavings of Harts-tive expemnenti may now be made burn six ounces. Leaves of Agrimony and in various military uses for these of both kinds of Fluelllne, of each three vehicles end principally for the trans- handfuls. White and Red Saunders, of port at ion of supplies. It is highly each two drachms English Liquorice a
pound. Garden Snails one hundred. Earth Worms one pound New Cow's



as prisoner to Elba, where he arrived
on the 4th of May. lie escaped from Elba, in March, 1815, and recommenc-

the pain departs, or Ida. Often I j with Napoleon's defeat at the battle wonder if the pain is a demoniac Per- of Watei loo ou the 18th ut June, 181a, sonnlity. If it is, I hut# R, I curse it. having lasted nearly twelve years, this creature of evil, Pain. It will Napoleon was sent as prisoner to St. possibly feed on me 'till lam destroy- Helena, where he died in 1821. ed. Then what will the unhoused Pain The European power that has been do? What will become of Pain, that! must at war during the century baa in riniimr and feasting in and on me, been lui key t hiriy-eight ) cars of it.
ELECTRICAL TREE
in noting and feasting in and on me	. x t ,
when I fling my dead body to it, and j against sixty-two of peace. Ihe seo*
say, Ml
“I orderedsScruple, (20 graine)of Con-tharides (Spanish flies) and tut much Cam phlre (camphor) well rubbed together, to be mixed with three drachms of Extract of Hark (80 grains) of which composition I gave the Children eight or nine grains Don't you fed sorry fur C'uusiu tiara? every third or fourth hour in a spoonful Her eyes have gut so she can't see of some simple Water or Julap, in which to	or
No, l don't I She has just as good a right to wear spectacles as any of



GOING BY THE LYE
NO CONDOLENCE TO OFFER
I had dissolved some balsam oupuity.M — New York Prêta.

US
MONDAY MORNING.
He—Do you mean to tell me our new neighbors have been next door to us for a whole week, nnd you don't know
yet whet sort of Sbe-Yea, but IT when you- come home this evening This fa their firm* wash-day.

HAD HIS DOUBTS.
They say, si id the landlady, that a piece of steak dropped into liquid air c.m be broken with a hammer," Steak like this? naked the aandy-wbukered boarder, in a tone of mild astonishment.

people t hey gg l be able to tell you
ire?


I
%
i	-


f


i .


f

A
###PAGE###4###

PREPARE
Por Sugar-Making !
THE MARKETS.
THE EQUITY.
Wln n tkiit is tl tie there is a wry to act j I ho pr••per machinery in tn-dion m order | tint the idea in ty be au v^ssfuliy carried ;
The E'H’Iiy may bo counted on tv | do all it can to aiaiat farthering the project. Now for 1 lie opinions of our inter, i sated rc.i hr* and the nanus vf out youv^ men wh i are prepared to join I'aoadVa \\
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWV1LLE . • .
SH AW VILLE.
i» mill, cV> to OS
Vlient. (Nt ‘.U •* per b
mr
SHAWVILLE, APRIL 19, 1900
1
hol. îMto27

I
<v per Ini S V'l doi
1er, per i
Spring’ T] me
OUR
Spriflg Till Barrows


i
EDITORIAL NOTES
15 to 16c 1H to'Jito. i in 87.1
lale Bros.

!
Mr. Gillies’ Doings
M
10
There is no class of men, pevliajM, wit are subjected tu more unjust ciiticbu than those who have the questhmabh honor of ren
I to 36 no
1

Public Notice

t
SHAWVÎLLE,
*
1
ting the people in the
KM» W |f»,00
1
U

livret i St ring Meeting \ Butter Pompai
Vul'üv N»
;
n
legislative halls of the country ; au lur enough the most uncharitable that are said

Huv»* now i
k
f

l
c
a
i
a superior line of
ire ul two patten
1

OTTAWA
*11. (U to !8c
c
ut them invariably
1
l
r «

lb riii' m
mu-
\w< t
I
k
Sap Buckets
anale from the veiy are endeavoring t> servo. Pontiac furnishes no exception to this rule, and the man who undertakes to represent her either at Ottawa or Q isbec, has a big contract ahead of him if he ex the approbation or the thanks of those with whose mandate ho has been entrust-ei. To bear nut this contention, and to render that gentleman his due, although he differs from us politically, we want t » take the case of Mr. G.ihoj far example. Regarding this gentleman some l,.i !. things have been said of which we do not think he has been deserving. True Mr. Gillies record in the Legislature trow an oratorical point of view hat not been a very brilliant one, but with all fairness I ” we think he cm be credited with doing considerable for the County in the way of obtaining colonization grants, aid to bridges, etc. People who are over ready to condemn, do not always have a basis of fact on which to found their strictures, and it ts for the benefit of this class that ^ we wish to show what Mr. Gillies has been doing since his last election for this County :
First, we find the County has received in the way of aid to colonization roads
the snug little sum of........
Grant to D«js Joachim bridge 44 44 P. D, Fort bridge 41	44 Coulongo bridge. .
i
WOCG FB^ME and STEEL FRAME.
V
'oils:	t \|; I
I

1
i
1
(
Svi
1.30 to IT.78
to which they would call the attention of partie- engaging In sugar or
.
OUR DISK HARROW
Is acknowledged by all farmers to be the best ! with lightest draught
evr

\
VI II
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
O
37.7
Pork, |
A!ho on hand a good line of
11
STOVES TINWARE, AGATEWARE, &c.

c . HI to .'V2o.
I MU', fvc.
I
Oft
To buy well, vatch the latest pi ice formation in the special TRADE F
The Canadien Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware end Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller end Stationer.
Samples ?ree
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto,
and in
)
I
PRESS.

i
Farm Sale.
©
TU»
-
HIGH I ST ITilCE PAID

siivs to soli tliO pr in the 11th
Tito umlorhignvri p< rty known as Lots « amt 8 range of Vlurvinloti.	.. . _
for (VJfskiiiH, Sheep Pelts and Cowhides.
I
Our Combined
HU H ARD DAGCi
Charted» P. 0
SEEDER and DRILLER.
Business
Booms
WflL-'QBKS
TEE SECRETARY-TREASURER In Account with the Municipality of ShawviUe.
This Machine can be changed from Drill to Broad-cast Seeder in (lie twinkling of an ej e.
— DR
vm
$20 12 243 96 172 80 414 M
646 16 272 v>:t 50 00
U To Vasil on hand per l.vtt Audit............
“ Amount of Arrears Municipal tax 1808 “	*•	44 Bonus
AT THE PEOPLE’S STORK

Parkman
1898
1800
4	Municipal tax............
4	Bonus “ .................
•	Road Labor..............
•	Hotel I accuses Fees....
•	Show Licenses..........
4	Fir.es...................
•	Vash fnca Mrs Dilworth
‘	Rent i'l Road Maker-----
•	Dog Tax collected......
•	Arrears Read Labor l¦"03
SMART & SMITH.

189»
because the publie haw come to fully tv lllzc that good Hoods and Moderate l'vives are prominent elements in the make up of this Store,
1899
5 00
4 «5
$13,285
2 no
20 25 27 00
:W 80 $1818 (H
2,000
2,000
4,000
o
Having t hus established a reputation for doing the squ ire thing by our customers, we intend to keep right along in this groove, at the same time keeping an observant eye to their varied wants In the several lines of merchandize we handle,
&
Patent Express
Buggy Wheels
Ml
k
—Civ.—
1809
Amounting to a total < f Then we hul his assistance in obtain* in g aid for the agricultural societies, read- j makers for the several municipalities, ami other little odds and ends which need not be enumerated for the purposes of this article, but all of which go to show, nev-1 erthelesa, that our local member has been performing a reasonably good ard faithful service to the people of Pontiac. What more do they want ?
§21,285
15 00
Iji*jettc, building fence.. , Wain mail, bill of repairs
By W
I an
4 75
«Uai
.fifllKd McArthur............
W. i ». I,vR>), vn County Bn Ralph Hudgins, work on John Hudgins “
II.
Thus Dale, work onr-wl maker and vnVg
work on road m ikw.. .*g q>ikes.............
1
m
2 60
15
and
M 00
S
Feb
M
<i 18

wl ranker
m
Om- stock will always be found fresh, up-to-date
At Bottom Prices. and well assorted.
» 07
March It
i 40
(Tired or not)
M
— —
5 50
0 18 2 3f>
4	40 I 50
<>5 00 l 55
0	05
1	60
5	00 7 78
25 00 200 00
M»

Theodore Hudgins.
Fdw nd Htubfirs, k
\\	it1 riff.
J. T. Pa' tison, auditing books .....
W. (i. 1 .civvy, on County Hate .....
MeCredie A Hudgins..................
Elliott A Barber, lull *>f plank....
Wm. Tucvitf, unL-r of Mayor Hudgins
Rubt. Hobbs.........................
II. Lang, bill of sundries,.........
Ruin. Surtees, report bn waterworks Bank Ottyw* 1 nt. and Sinking fund..,
Idairmt on cheques..................
Frank St. Jean, works on streets....
Donald McRae........................
John Burroughs.......................
Wm. Young, repairing road maker — Wm. 1> Armilage, work on streers...
James McArthur.......................
Preparing Valuation Roll ............
Ben Young, on account...............
Wm. Davis............................
fun
cut
silas
t>
IVjcDOUGALL and CUZNE^’S Hardware Stores,
t>
ti
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
)•>
r
lumber
.1 ulv
Military Organization for Pontiac
MCMULLEN’S
POULTRY NETTINGS and LAWN FENCINGS
8
Should we have one l That is the first
Tuly
consideration. And we may say at the ju,[. outset that we hive been prompted to bring the matter bafore the tio* readers by the f wP that the subject has , on ditf&CA’at o
gei)i*5nien in the county, who are a unit i 4 fn the opinion that Pontiac oulA get up | a splendid military force, if the idea was taken hold of, and sanctioned of course, by the Department of Militia and Defence.
The developments of the past few months, culminating in the despatch of some thousands of Canada’s sons to assist in fighting the battles of the Empire in South Africa, have naturally tended to intensify the feeling that we ought to be doing something on the lines herein indicated. Old Pontiac, all will admit, can muster as fine a body of Canadian stalwarts as can be found anywhere within yov the compass of this great Dominion, of “ which wo are all so proud; yet from some cause lack of military ambition on the part of our leading men, we might perhaps correctly attribute it—the County of Pontiac has neither lot nor part in the militia of our country ; and when we come to contemplate the lilt of heroes who have crossed the seas to engage in deadly conflict by the side of Her Majesty's regulars, and with sorrow, be it said, many of whom have stained the African veldt with their heart's blood, wo can point to one only amongst all that gallant force who owns Pontiac as his birth-place and home. To our solitary representative —
Lewis J. LeRoy—we accord all honor, and sincerely trust as well that he may return to his home safe, and bear with him some distinguishing mark of his gallant service. Yet we feel assured Lewis would not have been alone if the martial spirit of the county had been aroused to activity, as it should have been years ago.
But if ojr past record in this particular has been one to which we cannot point with pride, is not the present a m>st opportune time to make amends Î In short, are our people generally in fiver of having a military organization here ? We are very anxious for some opiniors fir publication on this point, and we shall be 1 1900 glad also to receive the names of all who -,im-favor the idea. From what we have been
11
Sawing !
28
to

1 60
Are not Surpassed in the World
Î ujr :Al"-'
I)
• Ww t’l

85
X

7 00
9
m Wotos M Feicisss
ccaaions been discussed by
t ;to
-0
12
10 GO
SB
14
*
| desire to inform the publie that I will do
7 00
It
*34
have stood over M years of successful testing on farm and railway.
*r<
i 00
CUSTOM SAWING
it

10 00
28
25
at the rate of
28
HVKCIAt. OKKKHH MAilK THIS VKAU ON
6 76

$2 per 1000 feet, Cash.
SHINGLES cut at 80c. per 1000.
Albert Horner...........................
Joshua Farrell..........................
John Burroughs..........................
John Steele.............................
James McArthur, on salary...............
John Burroughs, bal salary..............
Ralph Hodgins & Son, for tile...........
Hilliard Wain man, work on streets .....
Silas Wilkie, work on streets...........
Alvx. Wilson, work on streets...........
John Burroughs, work urn streets........
James Creek, 41	"	.........
G.	Fred Hodgins.........................
George Dagg, drawing sand...............
George Findlay..........................
Alex. Wilson............................
Kick'd Hodgins..........................
Alexander Wilson........................
Alexander Wilson, work on streets.......
I*. M(.Ritchie, build g and Jury Fund---
J. B. Armstrong, work on road maker.....
Cornelius McCagg, work on streets.......
Chas. Wainman, bill of repairs..........
James Prendergast.......................
Robt. Elliott, for v.dilating...........
J am es Mc Arth ur, t >n salary.........
John Burroughs, work on streets.......
47 Grand and Petit Jurors and 2 Affidavits
George Horner, work on streets..........
W. G. Le Roy, on County Rate............
H.	Ling, bill of sundries...............
Mrs. James Hodgins, for rent of hall....
John E. McGuire s l-ill.................
Thos. Dale, cleaning drain..............
Win. Henry Hodgins......................
John A. Beckett, jr.....................
Bank Ottawa Int. and Sinking Fund.......
Discounts on cheques.................
John A. Cowan, pub. Minutes of Council.. John M. Hodgins, work ou road maker..,.
John Dolan, exemption...................
John A. Dale, exemption.................
Shaw ville Milling Co. exemption........
Salary Sec. -Treas......................
Postage and Stationery..................
Arrears of Municipal tax................
44 Bonus 44	.............
Road Lai sir “	.............
28
50
HOC FENCING.
These Goods are all manufactured by the Ontario Wire Fencing Co., Limited, of Picton, Ont.
Aug
<0
5 00
28 ‘
50
28
20 00 21 83
Sept
-
9
9 (X)
25
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
I 50
For sale by the Hardware Merchants and General Dealers throughout Canada. Also by the Canadian Hare ware Jobbers.
GEN. AGENTS : The G. Greening Wire Co. of Hamilton and Montreal.
Agent for Railway Fencing : James Cooper, Montreal.
C3?* CorrotjHfndencv with Manufacturers invited.
25 44
4	00
5	00 1 90
JO HIT J. McCLEARY,
shawville.
Oct
7
9
14
6 65
18
JanuaJy 22,1900,
28 66
1 IX)
it
24
U)
5 GO
I
7
CEO. HYNES,
Qraqd
14 00 25 00
—
Spring
Season
i
11
1 50
16
3 95
24
12 00
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER.
SHA W V ILLE, - - QUE.
MILLINERY
Opening
25
1 13
26 *
i 00
28
6 30
Dec
4
4 50 12 75 27 21
4
4
5
\ 00
5
I 35
5
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of
SAP BUCKETS,
MILK PAILS,
MILK PANS BREAD PANS, DISHES of all Kinds
1 50
at
8
44
50 00
8
<
7 50
8
20 54
18
IN UNDERTAKING
1X>
18
80
23
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegant ly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
i
SHAWVILLE,
^pril 13th and 14%
12 87 1 25 260 00
23

4 4
28
28
44
62
;
28
10 IX) 18 42 13 50
44
28
28
A beatiful Display of Stylish New Goods
COMPRISING
Children’s Hats Dress Hats (all kinds) Sailors
Flowers, in all the Chiffons leading and Nets shades.
50 YEARS’
experience
1 70
ALSO A FULL LINE OF
1 25
67 50
4 00 $1156 00 351 08 143 10
88 on
70 56 $1818 64
17

AGATEWARE
41
}
an inspection of which is invited
44
Stoves.
44
Trade Marks Designs
1 Copyrights Ac.
TSfflS fc TCZh%nTc«-,.
tfxcial notice, without charge. In the
Scientific American.
A hiuvVwmely llluatrated weekly. Largest Mr
36.Brcd«, New York
•56 V 8t. Washington. D. I
Cash on lund


Balance to credit of M ; ility ......... $1
We beg to aubmit the above statement of Seci try’s accounts believing the
same to be correct.
The balance of our stock of Stoves to he cleared out at reduced figures.
C. E. WAINMAN,
ASSETS
70 56 351 08 143 10
88 IX) $662 64
1 To Cash on hand.............
44 Arrears of Municipal Tax
Bonus “ Road Labor “
Goods will he found as represented and prices right
CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
Shawville
it
able to gather officially, through our Federal representative. Mr. Poupore, any proposition we have to make will receive careful consideration. In the first place, however, It is necessary ao know what strength of an organization can be counted on, as well also as the class of men who would offer themselves as
44
44
P.S.—Top price for Hides and Pelts.
LIABILITIES
474 41 $474 41
By Bills subsequently tiled
It is stated that Mr. C. Berkeley Powell, M. P P., will resign his seat in the Ontario Legislature to contest the next Dominion election in the interests of the Conservative party in Ottawa.
Patrick Daley, of the Kingston Free Replying to the deputation, Premier man, baa been appointed assistant super- Rosa promised consideration, and at his intendant of the Rideau canal by the Do request was supplied with a lot of litora-rainion Government	lure on the subject.
$188 23" Auditors.
}
XV. A. Hojmjinh, H. 8. Barnktt,
members. Shawville, Mi^*cti 27th, LK)0

J
La
: w -w

9
###PAGE###5###

THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
THE EQUITY,
ms. norf: & to.
White Coeds.
Silks.
A N V t'A UT U n IN U Ü r A T l O N K itH, 1)00 K3BL lera. Umklilmirr* Prlii»», etc. DepOMltory • ftlib UvUvra Auxiliary tiUiletiauiety.Ottawa.Unt.
M
A Weekly Journal devoted to losal Interests
PVHLtSIIKD F VICKY TÎIUR8PAY
AT HHAWV1LLE, Co. PONTIAC, qUK.
SUBSCRIPTION-$1,00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
.f4T' No paper stopped until nil arreanigee e paid, unie ms by special arrangement with ubllaher.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
Black, Colored, Fancies,
nil grades, weaves ami
width».
Dimities Linens, Lawns,
Mulls, Piques,
Agron Lawns,
Embroidery. ! Does Quality count with you ? If so we can interest you. Here are a few points in the construction of
y
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,

A. SMILEY, Prop.
NOTARY ÎMrBM \ NOTARY KO ft TIIK RKMANUK LoaN AND SAVINGS
Ci*., OK ONTARIO.
TICK M*
TO Id)A V O.N I AM
MON 1
BRYSON. - - QUE.
;o
lav of ov
Will I
VV Vi I It* 011 11
111
ADVKRTlslNU U VTEd :
liTgul advertising, eight cents per line for IIrut Insertion and four vents per line for each Hubfiequent Insertion.
fhtsluoN* c ards not ex sorti*U nt II00 per year.
Local an uouneement*inserted nt the rati of five cent* per fine for tir» I Insert!
Unco coula for Mtbsuig ' ¦¦¦
by the iiionUi
for longer periods Inserted at	I	ami ¦
which will be given ou application.	il f* IJ 1 i» ?	4	91 fil	5 3
AdvertIsuiuoulf. received without Instruo* j UJiai .1 A* ji rJ il S U VÜLLe lions #u'« »nipniij ‘in will Iid	9
until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per Hue.
\VL(*
R. MITCHELL.
SPRING
1900
Jingoiio inch in
BAILIFF OF TUP: SUPERIOR COURT.
l_tof PuntWc. Office, Mu Jo Ht
collected and prompt iet u
VL (
t r*
Ot I If I ’ ' iuuwv
•I
i .
a


if
An<
U U i i
The FROST & WOOD
Disc Harrow:
«Ml I


Laces Handkerchiefs, Nets and Veilings,
DOMESTIC DEPT.
Cottons,
bleacM arid
Sheetings Tickings, &c.
fcrzi'*

8; Nepean 3t.. Ottawa, Out
1900.
e#
Loinlicr cf All Kinds Bonitt and Soil
CONSIGN MKNTS SOUCI TED.
JOB PRINTING.
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order* hy uiall promptly Prompt Attention given tO all
aiieudtu to.	Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commission Butîncb» a Specialty.
Patented ball hearings, requiring no adjustment. Every Harrow rolls along on fiij hardened balls. Patent adjustable Scrapers ; every Scraper works on a separate spring, and the scrapers on each section can be locked on or off at will. Double levers. Each section can be set at an independent angle—a great convenience in turning and working on side hills. Patent Pole Attachment, adjustable for two or three horses ; can be adjusted instantly without removing pole—as easy as opening and shutting a door.
O’ Made in eight different sizes.
Place your orders early before stock is exhausted.
i
»
&c.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.
I
I
Business Cards.
anest w nv PiertM-.mioN :
Den I ; Murphy. Pic». OUvw* Trau-porUlioa ( P. W* Amy,, Hull LuintarCo.
J. T. Mhlrrlif, B. I). Eddy Co.
Lntchford & McDougall, Barrister*.
John Henry & Sou»»
If N. Bate A Sun.
Dress Goods & Trimmings.
MEDICAL.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B.^., M.D.,C.M.
We have endeavored to surpass all our previous efforts for the coming season and we think we have succeeded. We want you to think as we do, and would invite an inspection before you look elsewhere.
Our Novelties are Bound to Catch Your Fancy !
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR, J0S|N SMITH, Proprietor.
s
Graduate of M< Gill University,*
Office—Residence of the late Dr. H. It Knox, Shaw ville.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.
)
\ cornplete stocK of REPAIRS always on hand for Frost & Wood N|achines.
A. SMILEY - SHAWVILLE.
The spot spot for—
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity Univmity, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria Unlvor.dty, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Ornes and Rsttbixce : J. H Aimhtronu’h House, MAINtiTltKBT - • 8IIAWV1LLB.
A Fashionable Huit C ut,
Good Shampoo, oit A Clean Shave.
Ê3T Your Turn next.
We originate—we do not copy—always leading. "C?
LEGAL.
D. WILSON’S,
II’WXTFJ)--Honest manor woman to tran vrl l o' large hou*e ; •alary$AT> month-iu.it i xpcti806. with Increase ; position permanent inclose xelf-add rested stamped ipE	¦¦	¦. envelope MANAGER, 380 Caxton bldg.
New Patterns—endless	variety—at close j Chlca«*
Wall Papers
B0DBBEM RAINVILLE, L. L, L
It
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
'1
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
WILL VISIT SJIAWVILLI EVERY MONDAY.
MAIN STREET, SHAW VILLE,
The Popular Store for
Choice Confectionery,
Groceries,
Fruit, (in season),
— ALSO
Fresh Oysters,
Served either raw or stewed.
Customers promptly and courteously treated.
y
anil
I
FRESH and CURED
JEWELLER


Mr
Floor Paints
mm
èwm
WM. GAMBLE,
KPifPS
A flRLVUT KT0< « OK
WATCHES,
CLOCKS.
JEWELLERY.
81 EVER WARE Ac. &c.
MEATS
«
BARRISTER, Ac.,
159 Main Street,..........
At Stiawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each mouth.
«'give-over G. F. Hodglns' Store. Main St.
Are soon to be in demand. We are fully prepared at almost the old price, in spite of the stiff advance.
Buy Your Seeds Now.
Timothy Seed, Late and Early Ci over, Hungarian, Millet, Turnip and Mangel Seeds, &c.
Hull.
«

El
of all kinds at

ItKKA'RINU
i
Arthur McConnell,
a Speciality.
THE SHAWVILLE
g. F. hodgins. Meat Market
P. S.—Try Herbigeum, the the great Animal Blood Purifier.
J. G. McGUIRE,

SHAWVILLE, 0
A TTORNEY AT LAW, Main St. Hull, \ Que, will, atrequest,attendalia our U iuthedistrict. Alloorrospoudeucep rompt* ly auswered.
w III Visit Shaw ville regularly on the third Thursday of every montti.
District and Country.
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
t
St Andrew's Church, AImonte, lias purchased a $1,500 pipe organ.
Mr. Thoe. Smith lias been appointed license inspecter for Ottawa in succession t ) the late John 0 Reilly.
The Frost & Wood O., of Smith's Falls, shipped three car loads of machinery to Germany last week. They have orders for several more for this month.
Rev Dr. Antliffe has been appointed action Principal of Wesleyan Theological College at Montreal, to succeed the Rev. Dr. Shaw.
Sudbury, April 13.—J. M. Langdon, drugg’s-, died suddenly this morning. The verdict at the inquest was that deceased died from an over-dose of choral hydrate administered by nimself. Deceased, who was a young man, came here recently from Toronto, where his mother resides. He formerly lived at Mount Forest.
Harry Williams, for the murder of J. E. Varco, grocer, of Toronto, on November 9th last, was hanged on Saturday morning last at 8.02 o’clock. The execution was delayed 24 hours by order of the Minister of Justice, on account of the time set by the trial judge falling on Good Friday.
Mr. Joshua Ellard, of Gracetield, has deeded a piece of land to the council of that village on which a court house will be erected during the coming summer. The building which will he a brick structure, will cost about $5,000. Sittings of the circuit court will he held in it. At present the work of this court is centered at Buckingham and Papineauville, but owing to the pressure of legal business in the Gatineau district it has been found necessary to establish a court in Grace field.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
The Slmmlle
FOR STRATHCONA HORSE , beautiful young girl came running to
meet them. This was the tirât sight Sir _ Men will be Recruited in Mani- Harry had of the countess’ sister, but in
the days that followed they came to know each other so well that eventually they were married. She was a devoted wife and accompanied her husband throughout his succeeding campaigns, where she was especially loved for her care of the wounded. At one battle she aided the wounded at the risk of her own life, and received a medal from the Government for her services.
Sir Harry Smith was afterward sent as Governor io Cape Colony, and he and hie beloved wife are new commemorated by those three towns—Aliwal, named after his g eatest victory, Hariiamith and Ladysmith,
Proprietor.
SASH and DOOR
FACTORY.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,
230 Main St . - Hull, Que ,
(Old Registry Office, opposite Court Houtte.)
Law business Id District ot Pontiac attended to.
rpHE
toba, the Territories and on
the Coast.
—ALL KINDS OF —
PORTAGE DU FORT
Interior « Eileriar
The fifty additional men required for Strat hernia's Horse will he selected from Bcitiah Columbia, the Northwest Territories and Manitoba.
The recruiting ttticer will not leave the main line of the C. P. fl. He wi l start from Vancouver, remain ono day at Rev elstoke, two at Calgary, one at Moosomin and two at Winnipeg. It is stipulated that applicants must be good horsemen, good shots and unmarried. It is probable the men will sail by the steamship Lake Huron, which leaves St. John, N. B., on the 25th of April.
«
W. W. IRELAND,
RollerMill
finish for
Souses & Verandahs
MANUFACTURED.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court. ,
Commissioner aud Conveyancer. Deed*, Mortgages, etc., executed legally aud satis-factor! ly.
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, to. &r ,
Kept in stock and mad» to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULABPRICBS
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
HAVING RBURNTLY HERN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
T>AIL1FF of THE SUPERIOR COURT 13 SUeirville . Q,ue., respectfully solicit.» euiigemenUiforauy business In connection with all Court*In the County. Collection» imil ea n <1 p'o m p t re tu r n sa»» u red

McCREDIE& HODGINS.
The Old Sir Richard.
Estimates famished.
¦ First Quality Flour.
“ What on earth do we want with fifteen or sixteen Cabinet Mimrtere ? Sir
"")uld a.k what do we want wftha couple | «T Farmers favoring thi* Mill with their
terday to nroteas against eompu'sory vac- of Speaker» ? There 1» no doubt what-dilation. It included Mewra. J. D Na» «ver that the general co.t of our depart-mith, D, Becker. Dr. Sparrow. Dr. Har- j ment, i. far too extravagant. -Sir ,jy, Dr. E K. Richardson, Dr. Eleanor l^hard Cartwright m the Houae of Com-Lennox, and a number of ladies. The niotia in 1B.)4.
deputation asked for the abolition of com Thu u a spicy paragraph from the do. pul,cry vaccination which ie now the l^ce of the Minuter of Trade and necewary preliminary to a child’, admi,- Commerce unkindly re.urrected by the aion to the public school,. The députa Toronto Sun. Today we have .eveuteen
ayaarz %%%	ft »—-
was declared, simply poisoned the system, yarlh d.° w° wont with them ? The
« 7 sis? as zjstssr p'Kr sr5o“ £
Dr. Broker held that vaccination wa, deapued portfolio of Trade and Commerce
sar r	fir=«
âDd"	keep SfcUichard*. friend, in order Of j Car. run at Intervals of twenty minutes In
Nasmith said the recent epidemic at Tor- course, no one will be guilty of the high the morning and fifteen minutes In the after
EcHHErE SSIÏ
time or another. Dr. Sparrow cited cases where terrible skin diseases had been communicated by vaccination.
Dr. Saya Vaccination i« a Fraud.
GENERAL.
T.T
Vi
T<
J. J. TURNER,
I
••• ALL
custom may rely on getting full re turns and satisfactory treatment in
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
Poetise. 8-Ale* conducted in a business-It Re and satisfactory manner. Goods or articles of any kind taken and disposed of by public or on vale sale on reasonable terms. Public sales conducted at Shawville onca a month. A variety of article* always ou hand tor sale. Office : Shawville, Que.
«STEVENS Rifles
*
V
every respect.
UUâÉkUiàUL
JOSEPH BROWN,
Proprietor.

Ÿ are nruiranteed to be
? 4
SAFE^ SOLID, §
ACCURATE,
FOR SALE:
Court Shawville,
No 216.
I
S LCŒÎ
4
? 4

m
Meet* the 4th Wed ne* day of every month.
Court due* must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
Boards Laths and Shingles.

V
J
the
$6.oo “Favorite” j £ to our most expensive
h ; The “IDEAL" No. 44 is a fine rifle. ' 4 ONE OF OUR LEADERS, price only $10. ' Î We QLM tfltee it in every respect. Noth; ] ing cheap about it bat the price.
I Made regularly In .23. .26 and .33 cal* Vire rini-6re, .25-20 * 1 KVRN8, .32-40, , j .34-33 and. 41-SO center-ire.
IN SPECIAL SIZES, 613.00.
Stnd stamp for compete Catalog and
Hand Book.
tflTro
• >
U
L.B.C
“Ideal.”
THE HULL ELECTRIC GO
If. 8. Baknbtt, F.8
J. A. Cowan, R 8.
HuoK Hobbs, 0. R.
I
t
Some splendid specimen* of copper ore have been presented the Pembroke Ob» server by Mr. F. A. Maloney, of Chapeau, who owns a coppei mine on the Allu* mette Island. The samples are very rich in peacock copper. The mine is situated three miles from the head of the Island, and two openings have been made, one being now eighteen feet, the other ten feet. It is found that as the excavation continues to deepen, the ore becomes richer, and great things are expected of the mine.
HOTELS.
St. Lawrence Hall,
noon, dally, Sundays included.
Close connection* are made with all Cana-notv to answer his own question. Then i dlan Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at
^	1 Hull aud with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
•9
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
4
when we turn to the Public Accounts for the year in which Sir Richard was speaking, we find that the amount spent on civil government—laigely made up of the cost ai the departments which was “ far too extravagant totalled $1,402,299.
In '90, Sir Richard and his economical friends came into power and the last Pub-1
lie Account, .how u, that thu expendi- j	milk ,lrawing 01l thc flvc
ture fur civil g« v eminent lias been cut different routes of the Green l^ike Cheese
down to 61,411,813. It is certainly very filctory will be received up to April 21st, 2
cruel of the 8uu to reprint that fragment n. m., at which date there will he a meet
of Cartwrightean	oratory. —Montreal ing at No. 10 school.
The lowest or any tender not necessarily
¦Èè™ejjijiÉÉieÈÉg|jgêè|^e^e™ i;	'
4
Baggage promptly handled
W. R. TAYLOR,
J, STEVENS ARMS AN] TOOL Cl,
• !	^ P Q. Box 1311.
CHICOPEE FALLS. MASS,
flood Accommodation. Table and Bar al-way* well furnished.
Kl R8T-CLA88 LIVERY ATTACH F D.
Sec.-Trea*.
How Ladysmith Got its Name.
Tenders Wanted.
An incident of the war. In which Col. Otter aud the Canadians figure, is told in a private letter from Chaplain Cox, of the second contingent. It is as follows: “ Canadians had heavy inarching fur several days, and arrived at Paardeberg just at the hottest. Imperial officers say they never saw such cool men. They went into action laughing and smoking and telling jukes. The Cornwall regiment was with them. The Colonel of the Cornwall» told Otter that the Canadians would have to charge across the face of the veldt, eight hundred yards wide, with j cross fire raking it. Col. Otter demurred, at making men charge at so long a distance. The Cornwall colonel said : 11 If ; you don’t like to, or don't know how to,
! Cornwall# will show you.” Col. Otter said :	“The devil you will; we will
lead, and you keep up if you ¦PPHj was here in this charge that the heavy loss occurred."
pONTIAC HOUsE
On March 1 most Canadian boys and girls had a holiday in honor of “ the relief of Ladysmith." Some of the very little ones, while enjoying the fun as well a h anyone, were still somewhat in the dark as to “ who Ladysmith was anyway." One of our exchanges tells interestingly how the now famous and historic town got its name, as follows :
In 1812, the great Duke of Wellington laid siege to the Spanish town of Badaj iz. The siege lasted for twenty days, and then the victorious English army marched into the city. The general and hie etafi were standing near the central part of the city, when a Spanish countess imploring protection for herself and her young sister. The general at once svil the youngest member of hie start. Sir Many Smith, to the home of the countess in order that it should not be molested.
, On reaching the dwelling an extremely
PATENTS
mm
PROMPTLY SECURED
i
Write for our interesting hooks “ Inventor's Help" and “How you are swindled.' Send uh a rough sketch or model of rear invention or improvement and wo will tell you free our opinion ;&s to whether It la probably patentable. Wc make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS * EXPERT*
Civil à Mechanical Engineers, Graduates of the Polytechnic School of Engineering. BacheUre In Applied Sciences. I .aval University. Mem hors Patent Law Association. American Water Work* Association. New England Water Works Assoc. P. U. Mm veyors Association, A woe Member Cau. Society of Civil Engineers.
1 MW YORK LIFE BTO'C, MONTREAL PfFlOETj ATLANTIC BUIUHNQ. WASHINGTON, DO.

THOS. R. ARMSTRONG,
Secretary.
AGENTS The last year of the century handle our “ Nineteenth Century book. Describes all the great battles, great j men, great inventions and discoveries, progress of nations. Fu 11 account of the Dreyfus trial, history of South Africa Africa to date, war with Spain, and every great event of the century. Big book, well illustrated. Snap for hustlers
BRADLEY GARRETSONCo., Ltd.
Brantford.

FARM FOR SALE.

1

¦ !
5
Lot No. »th on the 5th Range of Clar-
lUi
came
endon, known as the ( 1 race Farm, at a reasonable price.
For terms and particulars address the undersigned.
fj
It

MRS. J. GRACE,
Bouc bette P. O., P. Q.
SHAWV.LLE. P.Q.
C. CALDWEI
PROPRIETOR
-U
1
x
A .C


r
L
###PAGE###6###

T
PRIZED VICTORIA CROSS.
is decide!* advantageous, sod when clover ur. other grass a,*d i# to be mows it should bu don» immediately previous or soon after tho uae of harrow." If no harrow i* at hand the use of a one-horse weeder will prove of And by .the way, what menu-will give um a practical tool the open spaces he-«1 rill rows of growing
6(1 off. Hyacinths are not much good the second year, but Tulip* are all right U they are well taken care
C
Notes and Comments.
JW
On the Farm.
HOW A SOLDIER RECEIVES TUB COVETED Mill VARY TROPHY*
HOUSEHOLD.
01.
Announcement from Berne that the Bv i ><i oourt of arbitration baa ren-
the main points
M1NCKMKAT PANCAKKa
value facturer for cultivating
twssn the MHB	, .	.
jrram# A oD^-horn# tool OQllitfltiog
lhe width of the drill would meet with a ready sale.
CAKE OF DAIRY UTENSILS.
Never neglect the care of the churn. Slight negligence in this direct inn may coat you the price of many u pound o£ butter.
After a churn has been some time out of use it should bo thoroughly scoured with salt and repeatedly scalded before being again employ-
tlinally Fruei Ihe Ha nil « f 111* Queen — The Megimer It Ihe Ue«l IN-meerniie Noll Is Ureal Nrilele.
On reading about the Victoria Cross you m ay be inclined to ask how it is obtained alter it has been wen, says a writer in the Dundee "Courier/
Why, there isn't us much red tape about it as you would fancy. The Howard for which the Cross in given must be performed in thu presence of the enemy, und it la desirable that the superior officer of the man who distinguishes himself should have witnessed it. It happens sometimes, however, that no officer is present, and in a case like that the candidate must prove by his companions that he did what he asserts that he did. When his immediate superior Is satisfied hit ho ought to bv rewarded he writes uu account of the business, and hands it to the of floor in command of tbs forces, and he endorses the papers, und sends thorn on to the War Office. Here they are laid before Lord Wolae* ley, the commander-in-chief, who p tames upon thorn, and di-cid« a to whl< h applicants the Cross shall be given.
Of course, the Cross goes most often to a soldier, sailor, or marine, and when it happens that the fortunate man is in England, he receives hie medal trom ihe band of the Queen herself. li be is in the field, however, or on his shipboard, be receives his decoration from the general or admiral in chi el command on the semi-annual Inspection day, and in the presence of the men who were at the
de red a decial In the Delagoa Hay Railway contention. indicates the speedy conclusion ef a case which has promised to repeat in prolixity that of Jarndyce versus Jarndyce. It is twenty-five since the Portuguese and Trans-
on
ill
Put three ounces of flour Into « basin and add s pinch' of malt, whisk ihe yolks of two eggs and mU them with half a pint of milk, then stir
gradually into the flour, working it
When the bet-
SBWING BUTTONS
In speaking of buttons three distinct kinds are to be noted: 1, with shanks, as shoe buttons; Ü, without shanks but with pierced holes, such us shirt buttons; &, without either shanks or piercings, as ordinary linen buttons. Tailors' buttons are some-limes reckoned as another class; they have a small rounded pad of material al the back off the button for the sewing, but these in reality are only substitutes for metal shanks, so they may easily be included in the first class.
Buttons are sewn on the right side of a double fold of material to prevent them tearing or pulling away from the fabric; if this does not naturally occur where buttons are needed, tape or some substitute Is generally placed underneath as a support.
Buttons with shanks are very easily sewn on by simply drawing the thread all ornately through the shank and material. Buttons without shanks
the button and then twisting it doesn’t make half such Kx)°” ,]ea_n" round the sewing several times be- water that’s "just on the.boil. But tween the button and the material be- precious few, 1 fancy, know ihe restore fastening off the cotton. The 8o0t The fact is, that boiling drives object of this is to make an artificial g*^y, fram the water with steam, stem which will raise the button The gtus thit helps make the tea is slightly above the material so as to ; carbonic acid, the same gas used to allow sufficient space for the button- ^hnrgr soda waier. So if you want hole to lie under without straining good tea try making It wi h boiling so-the sewing. Buttons pierced with (la two, three or four boles are sewn by carrying the thread from one hole to the other in lines, m glee, squares
respectively. Linen but- How many wives realize the import-
tone are sewn on with various devices; ftnoe ^ being cheerful at the breakfast the three most usual ways ire a ring
of stitching,
well with a sr*ou
U smooth und thick beat it foi a few minutes, then cover the basin wi'h a cloth and let it stand at least half an hour. Before using stir the whites of the eggs, whisked to a stiff froth, into the better. Put a small omelet pan on the fire with a pieve of lard about the size of a walnut in it. When it is hot pour about two tablespoonfuls of butter into the pan and cook over a clear fire. When one side is brown shake the pan and turn the pancake over and remove directly it is of even color on. the cither side. Have ready a hot dish covered with kitchen paper and turn the pancakes on it as they are taken from the pin. Spread one-half of them with hot mincemeat, fold the pancake over, arrange them on a dish and powder with sugar mixed with a little cinnamon.
years
vaal governments entered into an agreement to build à railroad from Lorenom Marquez on Delagoa Bay, to Pretoria, the Boers stipulating that transit dues to their capital should not exceed three per cent. Nothing came of it until lHSi, when the Portuguese, tired of waiting, granted
to Col. MoMurdo, an Am-
SLANDERS ON BRAVE MEN
ter
tiou
ed
THE HIGHLANDERS DID NOT RUN AT MAGEKSFONTEIN.
Nothing will penetrate the crw-Ticee of a churn liku hot water, and It need» to be at a boiling temperature when applied.
There is nothing gained in patch ing up old utensils about a home dairy or manufactory. Like farming tool», the apparatus of a creamery or cheese factory generally deteriorates more quickly in value from neglect than from practical) use in ils eapeciaI
the
4 furl InjNAllff 6h«* Highland Brlgmlr
-IMil 411 1 UhI Nra 4 eeld Ue-Tlirlr
4 otirai;*' .lever ?ailed.
Writing from Cape Town on March 1, a correspondent of the Daily Telegraph says —Here, as at home, the uillily of civilian criticism on military opeialloue, and even at this instant the desirability of your elected omniscience favoring the world with its views on the campaign, is matter of dispute. We do not want much edit; it is apt to be misunderstood. Our Dutch friends* loyally Is a wonderful thing, but it does somehow happen that whatever is said or written adverse to Britain is reproduced here with really remarkable alertness. Something of far greater moment than inexpert opinion on the conduct of the war is the truth of reporte of what happens on the field. We have had reproduced within the last few days from one of your contemporaries an account of ihe behaviour of the Highland Brigade at Magersfoutein which has pained
every loyalist News, the English Bond organ, which is as clever in finding anti-English statements as a vulture in scenting carrion, took from the Morning Post
o concession • iloan, to build the road from he bay to tha Transvaal frontier, with the exclusive right to fix freight and postâtes. The Pretoria govern
eenger
ment at once protested, on the ground
was in violation
that the concession of tbs original agreement, with the result that u secret understanding reached to gain possession of the road If possible, if not, to parallel it
sphere.
The greatest cure should be taken
to expounge every atom of nail or briny water» from the iron work of dairy uteusiis.
If it is important to keep butter tools scrupulously clean, how much more important is it to be rigorous m the treatment of milk utensils.
In private dairies it would bn well to emulate the methods in milk-shipping stations and creameries.
First, after a rinse of void water, the cans and other tinned lacteal utensils are washed thoroughly with warm water, changing the bath frequently to keep it clean.
Now follow the coup de grace, the death dealing blow to bacteria and spores. Th«s is the scalding, process.
Where a good steam pressure be obtained, superheated steam is ihe best agency to employ, whirling the cans rapidly while It is applied to every pari of the interior.
On the farm, however, water it used while boiling, will be effective enough to render utensils asoeptio.
Du not scald milk' receptacles by pouring the hot water from one to the other, ft cools too rapidly to be
IBüIBSiiSS
In cold weather	against the brigade have a particle	them having	distinguished himself
rï.inh,' ."STth"	gjy-.	»**-» ni«b'	SMissrSL, ïunern:
ly become, useless It will not be by	tVnm n me iw rvüm t	oifioer to be decorated; the non-com-
the erosion of rust, hut through good	WOULD Bb, AM la* ui.	missioned olficer to be decorated; and
honest, cleanly friction in the pat h Their courage is a refined gold that soldiors, marines, o' yeainen also of trade.	does no; tarnish. My intormant. an	ttQ(j appoint two of their num-
o It campaigner,	saya, in Uriel: l be	pef {Q reoe,Vti	the ^rosses.
Highlanders did	all that men u u i	Besides the	ceremony of présenta-
du and much mure than any men Uon in lhe preffeûüt) of hia comrades,
ought to have been asked to do. 1 |the victoria Cross man, has bis name refer to the mat ter however with mentioned in a general order from
that success in growing this crop is quite another object. than to tie y the War Office, with the particular# of
i"2 rr,-c=	h	^“5 H
“Habit la a curious thing,-	said	Mr.	Thus mens that	the soil must be well before they knew where they	were	,h„ „riBin .i papers are kept aac'redly
If Juggleton, “but the	completeness with	supplied with	plant food, either	Nevertheless,	the	in the archives of the War Office ¦¦¦*’
¦¦which one habit	1	in	be supplanted by naturally or through years of man-	hopdeis sttaoll was continued right	tOH EX Ell AF FEB WARD. JjH
more	curious still.	unng and fertilizing. I do not mean	I through the day. 1 rom 2 o'clock* In	The register is probably the must
to say that there can bo no good ro-	the morning after the first rally, un-	democratio roll in Great Britain, for
"be- -h. ground. .. no, *..	, $,{£	%:
especially prepared. I have succeed- mil,|e j0 tf3t the water carts near those oi lowly private and drummer ed fairly well where I hive begun to 1 them, hut they were shelled by the boys, the one as much honoured as the
m the ground	**'WMO&!» 0F°TH1RST.	have been erasure, from thH
planting crops, but wlitn tbs s	Their tongues protruded, they were roll, but they can be made only by
1 would suggest# a liberal applies-	too large for their mouths. Only	direct order of the Queen, who decides
turn of barnyard manure. Plow this	those can understand what that	personally all cases where charges are
«*¦>"	7„„ S*3	5S5
This is a good beginning- and	when	burning sun.	The nearer you are	crime are the causes for which a form-
the roots of the crop reach the	man-	to that heated	ground the more agon-	ei ro can lose his place in the regia-
ure the planta will grow rapidly, if ising the e/feot. Night was coming . ter The Queen says in her warrant— the ground is fairly moist. This on before the order was given to re- “We, our heirs, and successors shall stable manure, however, will not be	tire, and the only thought uppermost	bft	the	judges of explusion or restera-
sufficient, and< it will be necessary to	In the minds of all was waier. As	tioI1 „
apply some quick-acting fertilizer# as, they rushed across the fire-zone Winning a Victoria Cross means a nitrate of soda, to the surface	when	shells were	bursting over and	fajr|y decent pension from the date oi
the plants most need( it. tie sure to	around them,	and in one case where	,^ QCt for which the Cross is bestow,
get barnyard manure that is free from	a “isaile exploded over u party in-	^	Then, in cases where the	holder
straw, as unrotted material interferes	clu ing my friend, he heard a IIig -	t^e	^roaa become deserving	of it
s	<mxi sse i	% •£ s	sa rr îtiur» s? s
,h. „u.„ b. ..U	, «M «« S , !..
£S,J7,J.1,î£»*arSl2
sons. During the dr> season, unless dav8 >xi,h,iUt drink. Your war cor* made emphatic by another in 18>1,
the soil is well compacted and finely respondent can tell what Warren's lh:tt the ( ro.8?, ah<?u,d he, *iven “°* divided, the gir will get into the up- troop# endured through those four 0,1 account ot rank, nor long service, per layers and remove all the mois- days' advance on Spion Kop ; but ! n.or wounds, nor any ot her service, lure, so that there will not be any compared wl b the actual suffering Circumstances, or condition save the left to germinate the seed. Then mere words are colorless und inert. men! ot conspicuous bravery. PolL clod# choke the lender? sprouts until	tio*	** JffiSpV* ^ 9**T ®
they are #¦ mothered and never get to	-----—---- in 'be matter.
the surface. The ground must also be well drained, for if water accumulates during a wet time- the seed will rot.
was
SODA WATER TEA
by another.
Meantime CoL McMurdo, with the aid of British capital, completed the road in 1887, but only to be told Inter on that the Transvaal frontier was six miles farther inland, and that it the line was not extended- to that point within four months, the concession would be cancelled, and the road revert to Portugal. As the time limit wm too short, the Portuguese government seized* the road Murdo'a death) immediately following, the stockholders appealed to the British and American governments to protect their interests. Under pressure from' the latter, Portugal agreed
water.
CHEERFUL IN THE MORNING
can
md Col. Mo-
or crosses
The South African
SCENE OF Hid EXPLOIT.
a star uf stitches or	8toP to lhink lhat
one	or two	loope of	buttonholing,	when their husbands leave them	m
The	sewing	is	placed in	the centre of	t ha morning they carry dur ng the
,b.	,0 ,b. arbitration	jsufstu mx ftissrss	"S":
of the	Swiss government,	at	the	same	lho	cot(on	fastened	at the begin-	a great deal toward keeping a man	in
time pledging	herself	not	to	dispose	ning of the	right side of the material,	good humor all day. Tbs memory	of
».	.., =. ,b.xir;:,tÆ’c,,lr s-s! srffi *“•
require good ateming or they will quickly pull off. To fasten off the threads pass the needle through to th»1 wrong mi	'
stitches, slip it between the fold and eees s cedar chest, pack your woollen cut off the cotton closely.	clothing and draperies in it to keep
ih*»m frum the ravages of moths.
Men who have done brave things
That
apply personally for the V.O. is in keeping with the spirit of the warrant which the Queen tlrst isa statement, the only meaning of sued, in 1836, and which says that which was dishonoring.	Her Majesty desires that the new da.
TO THE GALLANT HIGHLANDERS, coration should be highly prized and
In lhat war-
included in the original concession un;il judgment pn the case hid been rendered
The arbitration tribunal was organized at Berne in 181H), and was expected to complete, its labors within two years at most, but though It has more thin once set a date for its decision, judgment has been postponed on one pretext or another, and. is now only partially rendered. lb is decided that as the Portuguesse-Tr.msvaal frontier was not determined until two years after the seizure of the road by Portu-
CEDAR.
find the Indemnity paid
If you are so for; unite na to pos-
te»
THINGS TO DO IN MAY
INK ON FURNITURE
in pot#. The lawns should now be in
They will need mowing
good shape, once a week Pansies, Canterbury Bells and every-
TO KEEP EGGS.
To preserve eggs, bury them in clean, dry sa.lt, and keep well covered.
Plant out Daisies,
gal, the failure of Col. Mo.Murdo to extend the line beyond the limit cer-i* the Portuguese-Transvnal frontier did not constitute a breach of contract, nnd that indemnity is thus due to him nnd the* stockholders, their heirs or assigns.
HOW TO SUCCEED IN GROWING
ONIONS.
thing that may be in the cold frames. Let the space gained be taken up with
They do far bet* cold frame now than they do
l
seedling annuals
At the outset, I would like to soy
THE FORCE OF HABIT.
ter in a
in the greenhouse or hut bed. Dahlia roots, Lf not started, should bo attended to at once
Willi nn llliiilrsllan of ll<»w fi.niptelely Dim* llnlill tiny »up|»mit t iiili r.
Cuttings of Col-
eus can still be rooied and attain a
The amount, of the indemnity has yet to be determined, but the engineer ing commission sent out by the arbitration tribunal» to examine the road r.nd assess the damages, recommended that should Portugal retain the line she should pay the cost of construction, amounting! to $1,217,000, and also the value of the concession. $9,100,000. IQ may be expected, therefore, that the award of the court will approximate this sum, which will go to the widow of Col. McMurdo and to the debenture holders and shareholders, who are British subjects. In the improbability that Portugal will be able to puy the award, and the indications given of the willingness of Great Britain to make some arrangement with government by which the former would assume the whole cieditorship, the transfer of Delagoa Bay to British sovereignty, in payment, seems not an impossible conclusion of the matter.
good size by the first of June the ground is dry sow such seeds as Alyssum, Magnonette. Nasturtiums, another seems Porlulaca, Zinnias, Marigolds, etc. Use "1 had a rhuir l had used for years,
soil lhat will not bake. A an<l which, 1 was firmly convinced,
light, open
lit tie damp moss spread over the beds was by long odds, t ho most, comtor will help to keep the seed moist and *ble chair ever made. After breakout in a lot of fast, when I read the paper, I used to

save much watering Chrysanthemum cuttings to be used ait in that chair, and after dinner at
night I settled down into it, with a
and happiness and
annuals to keep up a succession of ; thought there never was a chair that
Leave a little air on the combined so many good points as to
for planting on the benches.
Second Week.—Sow more seeds of cigar, in peace
jwers
frames and greenhouses at nights, to height and pitch of seat and slope of
be * ter harden i Give them plenty of room the annual Poppies that may be too thick.
for them
not been Started can now be plant- 0(i i0 it—1 don’t know what—but ed out, but If they have been started In a frame better wait till danger of	.
frost is over. Sow seeds of Chinese ou! commission Primroses for next Winter’s flower- conservative slowness,
Plant out Carnations for the from day to day aud from week to
Sow more Sweet Peas. weefc getting that chair repaired, and Keep the ground well stirred amongst as a mailer of fact, it was too or growing plants. Top dress the three years before we bad it fixed up hardy Ruses with manure. This will aud brought into use again. Mean-do them much good and keep them , while, 1 had singled out another from drying out. Tea Roses can he chair which I came commonly to oc-treated the same. Everything should Cupy. This didn’t begin to be, at now be trim and tidy. Keep walks first, so comfortable as the old one clean and edged. Lawns should now had been, but gradually its object ion-be mowed once a week.	able ^ints disappeared, and l m blcss-
Ibird Week—Planting ut time is e,| jf j, didn’t begin to develop good
that I bad i H	ted in
ut last to look upon
the bedding plants, back, and all that; 1 had never seen
a chair thui suited me so well.
•‘Rut one day this chair was tipped
Thin out
Two inches apart is <•iuse
Dahlias that have over, or something or other happen-
something so serious that it was put
With our usual
put off
we
mg
same purpose
The number of Crosses bestowed is
STAY-AT HOMES.
renrli mid t hlnrv l.md Ih Xalluiis of Ihe World In THU.
Among Westerns the French and
now upon us. Get well prepared for ,K,lrit9 W	.	it by having all beds dug and nicely i, an(] t
stay-at-home nations of toe raiggd, Towards the end of the week ;< a« very world, but their thoughts are always | ,hardier of the bedding plants can ;,,(lcedM JH turning toward the happy days wheu ( ^ r>ut 0ui. In planting, do it firmly,	old chair
thsy can once more	return to La He Le	an(y jf jn	a ribbon line have	it	brought back into use, and	the day
Fraur^ and breathe	the air of its new	Haight.	i>o not mix up plants	too	jt al,.)eared I looked forward	to settl-
huuievard. The Frenchman never wil- ^^h, as nothing looks better tban j,,^ dfmn in it at night with all the fully expatriates himself for life. The a m:l8ti 0f one color. Plant bulbirof t pi-t irae comfort.
Chinaman, on the	other hand, is a	Tuberoses	and another planting	of	“Hut when, with all those	pleasant
stay-at-home by religion, lie thinks	c^ladiolus.	All annuals can now	be ! anticipation» 1	« -me to
?hat his hope of salvation depends up- BOwn ju the garden. Cover lightly ajJrajn f not find the pleasure that Drill in the seed as early as the )n ending his *iya in the Celestial Em- an(| with sandy soil. Put in the last j %ad expected; it was too high, or too ground can be safely worked, as I find pire, and he is careful to provide that |ot 0f thrysauibom uni cuttings, and jow, or the seat slotted too much, or that early sown onions are the beat, if he dies in a foreign land, his coffin attend to the ones that were rooted B(Jmeihing—1 don't know what ; it e*;»ecially where blights, mildews and with his remains, shall he sent back |a3t month. Don’t allow them to get wasn't as it used to be—to me. I tried rusts are nblindant. My onion field to China The frightful over-popula- I#01 bound. Earth up Sweet Peas and |t once or twice more after that and has been wholly free from these pests, tion of the Chinese Empire has driven pm brush to same, if a few inches ; t^en gave it up and went back to the but any field is apt to be attacked. Chinamen into all quarters of the taR. Keep the Winier-flowering new chair. My new habit had become An extra effort mobU be made after world, especially in Australia, but they stock in good shape. Azaleas, Genistas, firmly fixed. I liked the new chair j the seed is in the ground to keep down always hope to return to their own etc., should now be plunged out for better, and now, as I settled down in the weeds# for if they once get start-sad. The Hindu loses caste if he leaves the Summer in some sheltered place. |(8 good points were at once pin* ' ed id is almost iimpossible to eradi-his native country, but he is a member Fourth XV eek.—We generally make |,haslze<l and softened, and rounded in- cate them, beoau.se of t be smallness of of a religion rather than of a race,	this a bedding out week. Try to have	|0 completeness, and I accepted it in 1	the young union plants.	Go over the
end as a set-off the Mohammedans,	everything out by Decoration Day.	fujj as the chair of satisfying com- t	ground often so as to	form a soil
form a very large proportion of the	|,ei the Coleus and Alternathera be	fort, and wondered as I looked across j	mulch and thus conserve	the moisture
Indian Empire, are the most persist*	the last to be bedded out, as they are	at other what I ever could have	and j.eep| tjje hard crust	broken up
ent pilgrims on the fave of the earth,	the tenderest. Have them well hard-	Been jn p to make ma like it so much.
ened off. We also advise mulch of .Such the fo of habii	-----
all beds of some well decayed manure.
Plants do much better when treated thus and don't dry out so easily, t!
Cannas this is especially true. In fact so well do we like this plan that every bed, flower aud shrub is now given a mulch of mushroom manure, which
Look over
unong Orientals the Chinese are the
most
came
• comfortable sort of a chair, Hut at last the old chair, the L was fixed up again and
1 BIG DIAMOND.
M. Picard, Commissioner-General, of the 1900 Exhibition, has been informed by the President of the jewelry section that au enormous diamond from Kimberley will be exhibited in the jewelry pavilion. The stone was found shortly before the war. It has been
insured for $2,000,000, aud will be exhibited in a show case guarded by four policemen. At night the show case will sink into the ground in the same way as that in which the Regent is kept at the Louvre. The new diamond is said to be finer than the Regent, the Shah, the Grand Mogul and the famous Koh-i-noor.
WOMANS WAYS A WHjinan wants to bo truly loved
—aud to l>e told so.
A woman's vudoe is the greatest evidence of breeding, or the reverse.
A woman who owns palms thinks
much trouble as a sickly
Next secure good seed, for failure will surely result if this is not looked after. I would suggest obtaining in it I seed of the latest improved varieties.
sit
they are a*
baby.
Why is it when we are. know we possess f
Following in the footsteps of duty leads to mental tranquility— however gree* t be cost,
A word of praise for a dinner often
more than compensates a woman for all the trouble of its preparation.
No matter buw sensible a woman may be. she is willing in stint herself on food to pay for anything recotn-nvended to m ike her beautiful.
A new veil, recommended e penally for driving, bias a transparent eye shield underneath, which ie said to protect the eyes from the dust, says the Philadelphia Inquirer. It has becoming qualities, too, without which a veil must not seek favor, no matter how useful it may be as a screen.
always feel so mad t.dd of faults that we
we
COMPASSES OF NO USE
In military sketching a prismatic
compass is generally used, but it is hardly likely to bo other than practically useless in Natal and ocycnd the Drakensberg, for in Zulubnd the presence or iron in the earth loaders the compass actually valueless for observations.
HARROWING WINTER GRAINS IN
SPRING
WHEN TO SET HENS.
A^ril is one of the best months in the year to have chickens come out. Earlier broods are more valuable, particularly those of the larger breeds, as they have a longer time to develop before the winter sets in, are more suitable (or exhibition and breeding purposes in the matter of weight and consequently are in more advanced condition for laying thin tho.se hatched u% Je ne or July.
JOHANNESBURG IMPREGNABLE.
JohMBBrtWTf is fronted by a | Going over the wheat or rye fiel I
natural fort— a thirty-mile stretch of ! as soon as it héroïnes dry in the spring
earth which fs died ''tailings'—that
is, mounds of ground-up rocks and debris from which the gold hie been extracted. This almost impregnable fort would receive shell or shot indifferently, and is the nccumulatic * of five years' mining refuse.
Of
with a slanting tooth harrow will greatly benefit the growing plants. It breaks the hard crust of earth, letting in air and sunlight. The rain
from spring showers is more readily I absorbed by the eirth. All of this
ROUGH' ON GERMAN BANDS.
German bands in London complain
that their receipts only amount to
hi If those of this time last year, owing to the. feeling created by the w^r
la fine for this purpose
Roses and see that worms are not
A dusting of hellebore
after them early in the morning will help to keep them away. Any bulbs that may be taken up should be kept in the ground until they are well ripen-
A MODEST* REQUEST.
Hewitt—My money is my beat frien<& Jewett—Well, the best of friends must part ; lend me (i ». wilt yx>u t



y

. é

1 _ ,
J
1
...
- ^ X


ru
-atkS
###PAGE###7###
! The amount of National Hank stock
held by woman In America la eat imnfed at 1130,000,000, ami tho amount of private uiui State Dank atuuk at 0187,000.000.
•h oui cl never rest until we put them Into pi active. A muu of good sense and judgment can apply them to hie particular circumstance*. 1 might, for instance, say that I be most economical met hod of feeding rough food Is by the process of steam which would he very true, while at the same time i would not advise all farmers to go
to the expense of purchasing an np- will displace all Japan Tea the same as parut us for this work. To those who Saladu black is displacing all other have a linge numbei oi animals and|	black teas,
proper facilities It would be good economy, but to small stock raisers or fat tellers it would be too expensive.
Throwing aside the discussion of particular met hods, I would call the at- er public, career than that to which
tention of fanners to some few ihings j0hn Sherman can point. Mr. Sherman that can he applied alike to all. w*4 for forty-three years prominent Fatten stock in the stall. Turn them In nat ional office. He was secretary of out for exercise, hut never feed in the Whig convention which nominated the yard. The animal that is obliged Taylor for President In 1848 to fight for its feed among the herd career
will not get Its fill. There is also an with the birth of the Republican enormous waste of feed when given party in 1854, when he was first elan easily In this manner. Give them their feed acted at Congress.
¦¦¦¦T in such a condition that they can get
I Its full nutritive value Give the nni-
well-ventilated stables.
Tim The Idea I h it un animal should be
IT IS THE BEST—Always pure—always thi. same—

t
I
LUDELLA
Agricultural
9
I
Trolley linns In Connecticut last
year carried 50,084,702 passengers,and the steam lines 60,200,468.
80MB GOOD VEGETABLES
CEYLON URËEN TEA
*5, 30, 40, 50 and 60c.
Lead packages
CEYLON TEA.
Some of the must desirable garden vegetable» are neglected by most farmers and many village gardeners. Spinach should be planted either In the fall or the first thing in the spring, then it will come in when other greens are scarce. If this is once tried you will never be without it. Prepare a small bed in some sunny pact of the garden as soon as the frost is out. Sow the seed, and nature will do the rest.
Va wl if lower is another neglected vegetable. It is almost grown as cabbage, fI requires about
ft
Canada’s Greatest Seed House.
The Secret for Success
66
One man in American history—.Instill 8. Morrill, of Vermont—had a long-
”• A *ir s* %.*>>•• *>, » y vs /». / <r Aiy*v	^

I, in using the best eeede at all times, because you secure more tons per acre in the yield of route. When you use cheaply grown ueede you sacrifice by poor yield in crop end inferior quality of rvote many times the cost of good seed.

s
His
the national stage began
on
STERLING SPECIALTIES

\ (.I'PGOVO
CARROT
Steele Briggs
9
THE FLETCHER CASE
the same treatment and in many re- mn| epeels is even more desirable
only difficulty 1 find in growing good confined in a dark stall, or inclosed
without the light of the sun reach-	¦ ¦ ¦	¦ ¦¦¦
ing it i« aim. lately wrong. Feed and A Petrolea Lady Vanquitihea Q
water regularly. Feed a well-balanced
«§*» r
wa » m



If
^Improved Short White
ant
raid if lower la to get good seed, and if ordered from some reliable house
4
Rtf*
Th» King of Field Carrots, largest cropper, heaviest and cleanest rot>. .1, most easily harvested of any Carrot grown.
Use Steele, Briggs’ Sealed Packages only (see out), thun you got the genuine eort
Price (j-ost paid) i lb., 20c. ; * lb., 30o. ; lb., fiOo.
Stubborn and Peraiatent
Enemy
4
there will be no trouble <i'*i Header- ra ion The use -if card and bruHii is
mu <¦ hi-ntittl a good bread of atook
ifl I bo bv«t rule of nil.
boii'h Snowball or Burpee’s Early. An-olher vegetable not common and which requires no great skill is kulii-labit. This should be sown early for

Mb

She Wm for Mnnili* n llurlyr h» In flummelury Hh« amaiUm
hlrtimy 1*1 Ils fa ml Hrf.
¦c
SKIRT NOTES
A variety of handsome skirl» nre to
spring and summer use and then lat- r=-z ' %%% PE
mp and possesses some of the eharac- ubiliiy tie the nio**i prominvnt. I he> many good qualities, than is Mrs. A. tens tits of both tho turnip and cab- we the single Imx-pleat, the double Fletcher, oi the Fletcher House.
Throughout the adjacent country
district also, sho has a very wide acquaintance.
All who know this estimable Indy,
MANGEL WURTZEL
-

“St"fe, Briggs’ money makers”
Have been ptuected by repeated selections of seed roots during sevcial years past, thus securing the finest strains that can be obtained. Growers who value their Mangel Crop will use Steele, Briggs’
Prize Mammoth or Giant Long /fed “Giant Yellow Oval" and "Giant Yellow Globe.
Price, each, by mall (post paid), 29c. lb. ; In fl lb. Iota
or more, 27o. lb.
box-pleat, and t he I ucked skirt
huge.
No garden is complete without a
good	a	1 n
in a hot-bed or in boxes iu the house, skirts used last year, as they require know that lor months past, she has then iu July transplant to rows in more material and trimmings. The heen a ceaseless sufferer from In-
rjsft tt.tr l - ................................. <•—», - *r -~rr JSrrssz trs
or b fi apart. Ih s oan i>e set between	oessful, niusi he vet y cat efully made	t hat her	finger joints	and
nxws of early peat or is* a us and the	and hangs best over a drop skirt of	fingers were	so terribly swollen	that
giound thus made to produce two	Mj|k loaiead of being gored, this skirt	eb* could not bend them. So	was
sr	1	—-* ««•». *- a^s‘4r,tSMïtt£»
t ult ivution. For blanching, the soil ;	mid-ski i t, when all the fulness	f ills	of weather brought	her	the	most inmay be thrown up about the plants,	‘n r*ch folds to the feel. We can nui	d<y*cribable agony,
or if you have u few old tiles these oan	May that	even ibis	skii i is veiy grave-	Many	remedies were used, in efforts
be slipped over the bunches of celery	fui, but	il shows	tlv.it skills are be-	to elfect a cure. Different medical
nui \ hey w ill whiten nicely. The ginning to think of increasing	m	man w ere called in to	attend	her, but
jwarf varieties, such as Huston Mar- i width, w hich will be A real boon	to	all failed dismally.
net arid White ITume, are generally those ladies who have always object- At length Mrs. Fletcher, having read , the earliest and best for amateurs. ed to the t ight skir t.	o Dodd's Kidney Pills, decided to give
A few plants of Brussels sprouts	H ,H 8n,d 1 'la 1	the umtire la skirt	therm a	trial—as* n final effort. She
will be found quite an addition and	will also	return to	fashion. Ii is made	did ho	and the only possible result !
is these are a kind of cabbage, the several gored widt hs, eat h seam followed. The first dose souihed her treatment is the same as fur r'abb.ige	being marked by a cord or some of h-	awful pn in	Every sut ceeding	dose
or cauliflower. The plants grow from er k'u,l (d t rimming, So you see.	we	did more and more	good,	and five
2 1-2 to 4 ft. high and bear small heads 8,ia11 H,M)? ,)<J ntl,p ,0 walk	18	‘1 n	boxes left her a sound and	healthy
which are tender and crisp. They	1 hough, el us hope, not in he	a h	woman. Not n vestige	of	her	old
ihould be cooked or served about the	81	V1,18 shot t-ski r tef	gnl	dusease remain».
i>f a couple <«f year» ago	Rheumatism h is no terrors, when 1
Stitching	braiding	fancy hi k D(?d(rs Kidney Pills are used. Do,Id’s ,
Kidney Pills cure Rheumatism, and all other. Kidney Diseases, just as certainly, easily, quickly and naturally a.i a drink of water cures thirst. !
wma&i
These skirts will be, unfortunately
¦f




5*

-

ft
44


ft

¦> tv

G
STEELE, BRIGGS’
ÎÎ
0 SUGAR

BEET
:i<v >
A new and distinct variety, roots rose color, very large, clean, easily harvested and heaviest cropper of any Sugar Beet known. Every grower should try it.
Oan only be had In (1 lb.) sealed packages (see
Price (post paid) 50c. per lb.
v> rn

lame as cabbage. If your fam’Jy is
fond of soups, sow a short row of I	,	.	.. .	,
okra. Tho seed ghoul I he pi ,-ml a few 8""P< !*•« ;'"'1 'fU* a upp iqurti and Inrhee apart. th«-n later thinned so « hove all. P sated a,Ik ruffles ar. to that the planta will he 1 1-2 ft apart. I>e 'he popular trimmings of the new This crop grows very easily, and the ",„,ng "kirta. Some dressmakers are long, lender seed po.ls will he found »>:,kmg skirts finely gathered all an excellent addition to any soup The round at the waist, with the Mcep. pods van also be gut he red and dried [ u>n 1 ,J#* f; ,l.n' ffur * 11,1 IS in 6
and kepi fm winter nee	I form <>f « tablier.
One of ; he very best and least known garden plants in salsify or vegetable oyster. This is very hardy and is as easily grown us parsnips. Sow early in ! he spring in rows 12 or 14 in apart.
When 1 he wop is wanted for winter, I take up late in the fall and spread in boxes and rover with soil The roots will keep nicely until spring. They will prhoably shrivel somewhat when plived in water will regain their natural appearance. Properly
cooked, some people prefer this to the
genuine oyster. Probably the Iwst From the Star, St. Catharines, Ont. chronic varieties an* Mammoth Sandwich Island and Bond's Mammoth.

u
cut).
(ifÆm
NOTICE TO GROWERS
A movement Is on foot in Albany
| to erect a statue to General Philip
Sheridan. It is rather strange that this warrior’s birthplace has not al« e I ready done him that honor.
10,000 FREE SAMPLES
Steele, Briggs' Field Root Seeds are all produced from specially selected roots and with unusual care, that the Canadian growex may secure the most profitable result from his crop. Steele, Briggs' Seeds may be obtained from local dealers who consider the growers' best Interest, rather than the small increased profits to themselves by supplying " cheaply " grown seeds.
kt

%
From Pain ta Health

Ns
I
G*'1
Nr
Secure STEELE, BRIGGS5 Seeds
m
lV
IPWx
•m	» fWlCDIH.
ilAiS fWWS
A CHIPPEWA LADY TELLS A STORY OF SUFFERING AND RELEASE.
If not obtainable from your resident merchant, send your orders direct, that you may have the best.
CATALOGUE MAILED FREE TO INTENDING BUYERS.
Guaranteed Cure for Catarrh, Bronchitis, Asthma, Throat Irritation, Colds, &c.
but
? iillfM'il I'mni ll«art Trouble fur Irani — Her Misery Fun her .4mtr.i rated by hldiirj ihm! Klomarlt Trouble.

TOBONTO, •f Ont
Don’t let that Catarrh or Bronchi tin Root it out before it becomes The best, simplest quickest remedy for these complaints in the village of Chippewa, and (g "Catarrhozone.” It costs nothing | along i he Niagara frontier, there is to test, for we will send you, free, a 25
CAKE OF MILK AND CHURNING.	! Probably no belter known or respect-	rHnt outfit, sufficient in many cases
e»l residents than Mr. and Mrs. David	to cure, anil one thousand testimonials.
Both are of German de- Enclose 10 cents for boxing» postage»
put the milk where no had odors can 8014,11 and display much of that old- Poison & Co.* Kingston, Ont.	When a glove is too small and |
fashioned hospitality so often found	____ splits* it is wrose than useless to sew |
b «’led "'rain it into the can an,I , LVo” %c h!:'calhaime/%TThu Three men wl,o have been news-	U'JkM of the^ame^ |
place in a tank vf cold water or run j recently called at Air. Schabcl s home paper reporters in Albany have be-	rpurn ibe parl inside out, ihaving
Mrs. S ha bel related ihn following ciorae members of the Cabinet. The trimmed the hole round so that the
» ic* i.	,h.	„.r Æ/tss
• lure of the water to 45 degrees and	|,v„u uuubled at interval» with pal-	----- needle	and cotton sew	in	the patch,	?
practically all the cream will be oh-	[« alum anil severe pains, and some-	« Oheewek 1ft* HHm-Kw»,».	taking	care	only to take	up the in-	j	#
tained. Uu not umx the night's and	time# my he art would almost cease rmim MtU. oiu Ninhean.	eide t he kid	ami keep	the	seam flat.	1	•
lo beet. J would ht, tune dizzy, restless and frightened. At other times I
The Steele, Briggs Seed Co
ONLY
run on
s** tel
ind
Togo wTO
»
orr

LIMITED
DOW TO MEND A GLOVE
As soon as drawii from the row, I iSehubel
PAINT WASTED...
reach it, or better, so soon as a pail
through the separator if one is used
*
It's a waste of paint, time and money to use inferior materials. The best costs but little more, and lasts twice as long. The reputation acquired by
y%
i
i
RAMSAY’S
PAINTS,
morning’s m Ik, if the best grade of
butter is expected.	slept badly and had troublesome
Change the water in the tank often dreams. 1 lingered in this state uu-
•uu»,.,it. ^
Lf the watei is kip n a >out a5 d i most rated me. The spring came, umbia, 2/5.000, and Cornell 225,000. greee, preetically all	,,iy	were fun
rise in 24 hours. Skim and when en
There are 6.750,000 volumes in the
neirreiAi wem e eeo eme
libraries of the American colleges and
The 11 Balmoral,” Free Bue
which are sold by all first cUms dealers, is a guarantee of satisfaction.
They are mixed ready for use, and one gallon covers 360 square feet a coats.
Hotel Carslake, „„ „. -é
SS. 1. SiMton, Mem usai Qeo. Carslsfcs* Cfo., Prop'#. V 2T5
rgsmuSsÊM	’
t Sjspfs, !.:a	SSSSaS
aus the granuInH are the size of wheat j a lg,-ge sum of money had been treatment. Hair*Catarrh Curel manufactured
ind market as soon ns poswhle. 11 e(j me lo ^ry jj, Williams' Pink Pille, fui. It acts directly on the bloo f and ramooi you are so unfortunate as to gel a tWQ boxee of which were brought me rorfaces of the system. Tney offer one bund-
KRti.'SVA.'SL'LT: jy*. 5% t,IY.
in foi use.	tieed improvement. 1 continued the Spl&J^LDrftMjRK Tta. . .
use of t he pills faithfully until I had Ma, ¦ Family I'm a # , •
FATTENING STOCK ECONOMICALLY I taken eight boxes. I am bow able to I	, ,	.	D M
attend tu all my housework, feeling An agent for the American Bible
Not every farmer can fatten an ani- entire4y cured. 1 have never had bet-, Society says that the first bookprint-
mal economically, writes G W. H u- ter health than I am now enjoying, (l(| in Mjimes„u xVa8 a Bible. It was
lâcher. The ability to do this must and since discontinuing the pills have , printed in 18.16. about 13 years before well pleased with the result of his WhftfRy RoyOÔ A Co.,
be acquired by study and practice. [ ^ad no	Tit°lf	under T/e Jh* ,first iaHUe of a newspaper in St* western trip and is now contemplating 1	-
E^E~:EE:EEEHEBB ;keef,5>,malteBEBEE-BEoyemgi	,
opportunity offers.'	__.«tljgg1-Pre6'	¦
r
ii
•L JAMES' H0TEL~5^^£^
OommereUl H
I

!
I
A. RAMSAY A SON,
MONTREAL.
}
Paint flakera
Est’d 184s.
M. Anagos, principal of the Perkins,
Institute for the Blind, in Boston, will
be one of the American representatives at the international congress in the interest of the blind, to be held in Paris, next August.
t
(k
Brass Band
nounou omis kills *+&*,&$#.	l#5K1*
U Hogs, Rais and Mlos. Sold by all fwJLH Dre# gists, mr Ml Queen W. Tarent#. mommm
TO CVBI A COLB m OTR BAT
Take Laxative Brome Quinine Tablets Afl dniggiets refund the money If II faile to euro Ile. M. W. Grove's signature le en each box.
¦	Michigan Land for Sale.
Every Town oan have a Band
:	k. SrattSfSÊSttSffiî11
Mu,lo or Musical Instruments.	KSTimSSZ.”S
Apply to
*- VIT^iBNISMdr-
Instrument*. Drums. Uniforms, Etc
Lieut -Gov. Woodruff, of New York,
Toronto. Ont, end
Winnipeg, Man. ,

Stem
Set
" mmmes amirican hiim os."
Leofc for egeat la yoer Iowa, or seed Aires*
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Quebe
farmer would realize the most from
WPC 1018
IAAI
bis feeds. He must consider the quality of food, warmth aud quietness of stables and many other important Items. Ah in many other departments Of farm labor, there La a great laok-Ing here of systematic work. Some ignorant as to the best methods, while others are careless of their real Interests and have no regularity in their work. Every farmer seems to have him own way aud it is too often chosen with regard to the conveni-of the feeding rather than the

THE OCCASION.
Oh, yes; Prof. Groskopf Is quite phlegmatic. In fact, I never knew him to be excited, except once.
What was the trouble then I He couldn't find his pipe.
em
GOOD ADVICE.
Fredy—She is all the world to me I What would you advise me to do f Percy—See a little more of the world, old chap I
FREE
.1
CALVERTS
ind
HARRIS LEAdÎToPPER. B»A>
Wholesale only. Long Distance Telephone!T2t
WILLIAM ST., TORONTO.
Oarbolle Disinfectants. Reap#, Olnt ment. Tooth Powtfere, etc., have bees awarded 100 medal# and diploma# for superior excellence. Their regular uee prevent infectious disease#. Ask your dealer to obtain # eupply. List# mailed free ou application.
F. C. CALVERT * CO.,
MANCHESTER
for mating blood pole people, female w«»kue#m, liter sod kldn*f ousoeet. weakn#** ef the system, eU>., we LJMBjrour choice of e 14k (Jold Plaie 1 Watch, •awed, or a Qua Metal Waleà. Ladiero*
ears.
Introduce Dr t>«
:*Mr
in or e grated nt'e rellhale Mme keeper warranted 3 years.
Vhe pill* are 33c per k*o\ $3 W fer 10 boxes Bead te hmount and you will receive 10 boxe# and the *rh ; or write for particulars Agents wanted Iu stery town and city.
THE OR. DENT FlU 00.,
29 Adelaide Hi. . West,
Toronto, Ont.
POULTRY. BUTTER, ECC8, APPLES
and other PRODUCTS, lo ensure beet results ooeelgn t
The Dawsoq Commission Co., Llrqited
Oor. West-Market 4 Oolbocne St, Tarent#,
are
¦NOLAND

AGENTS WANTED.
Mil our .lock foi l«MUD.ot, Thu «took |uin>M,
-n tts&iSLss-s SSruw.
llUral cemmlMioBa Apply.
Sun Savings and Loan Company,
Toronto.
Catholic Prayer
Statuary, and Church Orn __, Mail orders reoetee proas
• a a Meuse a OS.. Montreal.
U,
EdnîSiïwirWeîke
TNV MOST NUTRITIOUS.
J
i diviuyi	Jtf\As
$4àJ~9	^
ence economy.
Ten chances to one he never knows whether he has gained or lost on the animal he has sold to the butcher. ,We cannot lay down any definite rules to he followed In fattening stock, and It would be still more difficult to follow them up to the letter If they were given. But we can learn the general prlaUplas of economical feeding and
jj
LAW w ..
tstare.eto..re moved
red«v Bldg#., Rleb mood tit. W TofNth
, GRATEFUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA
fiartara oou> cure its oam u. • m r Ma
ver tore Ooneace à Oe , Agents, Montreal.
THE OU M0INU i HOU BATOR—Beet and oft sa peat
O. Rolland, sole agent for the Dominion Bead l#L
Avood * Photo Engraving^
& J. L. JONES tNti G? ^
6 8 (O AOIlAIDtmv 10R0N10
•RBAK.PAST—BUMPER.
###PAGE###8###


AN
?
j House Cleaning.
#
I
INVITATION

CLOTHING.
Is extended to all to call and see cur new and well selected lines cf
î

i YOU WILL WANT
Whiting Kalsomine
Alabastine
a can or two of Floor Paint
or a few its. of Golden Ochpe.
L
i
Boots & Shoes
The most up-to-date Tailor in this county for FIT, STYLE AND FINISH,
and who keeps the largest range of TWEEDS, WORSTEDS AND SERGES .. is

9

A VISIT
t
to our store does not mean that a purchase is necessary. We want you to feel at perfect liberty to come in, look around, ask questions and examine shoes. We believe we can give you more value, more satisfaction and more comfort for your money than you can get anywhere else. Come in and let goods and prices prove it.
1
?
(*
1
• •
A.E. McGUIRE
DON’T FORGET

The Tailor.
WHITEWASH
SCRUB PAINT )
Concentrated Lye Pearline Sunlight & Ivory Soap
\
L
Brushes
!
M. Œ. STEWART.
The Universal Favorite
For Sale :
?
Advertise in The Equity.
NOXOK DISC HARROW
One Shorthorn Bull Calf just dropp Price fifteen dollars. Apply to
DING AN CAMPBELL,
Maple Ridge, Que.
Ci
OTTAWA & GATINEAU RÏ
1

(OUT THROW.)
I
w
The only D'ihc Harrow that has adjustable
This feature la in
April 10. •
Fall and winter Tsm Title
Taking effect Oct. 10, 1890
pressure springs, valuable on ban! or uneven ground.
THE WAR.

5.20 p.m. A. 20 n.m.
THEN, REMEMBER
Art Muslins Scrims
Lace Curtains Wall Papers, &c.
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa.
no. S Train Arrive Ottawa
Nob. 1 and 2, Unity except Sunday.
For tickets autl further information appfo to E. (\ Arnold!, Ticket Agent, Ai Spark
Gen’l Sup’t.
floxon
Nsp"Snegro°o.h Cultivator
Boer Movements Checked.

ÜÇXON k4W lk,TÎA4C fAHMi SHU (MK HanKcW
London, April 14 —The W ar t ico has received the following despatch from (len. Roberts
Bloemfontein, April 13 —1 30 p. nv — The enemy’s movements south have been
checked.
“ Wepener is still surrounded, but the little garrison is holding out well. Troops are being moved to their assistance.
The health of the troops is good and the climate is perfection.
The times has the following from Jam» mers berg, d«bd April 1.5 :—
“ Colonel Wgetty a forces has been surrounded by some thousands of Boers with eight guns, two Pom-Roms, and two Maxims, since Monday morning. They have gallantly withstood a heavy attack on Monday and ag.vn a night attack on Tuesday, and on Thursday there was a continuous shell and ride hre.
“ We are con tub nl of being able to repulse any attack.
Our casualties in the
of the loss, has been borne by the Cape Mounted Riflemen.”
Belief 29 on the Way.
the way to Wepener. Boers in Natal appear incapable of deve •
movement at Elands-
9
(fitted with grain an giam rowing attachments
if
with reversible points, also thistle cutters : if ordered.
The lightest draft, host working and most easily operated cultivator manufactured.
The teeth work directly under the axle and within the wheel line.
gar SEE THE NEW SPUING LIFT.
1
!
*
o
4 «
Official Tims Table :
A.'.i.
PM
5.45 Leave
IfLAVN N» .1 StaiONAl SKtiKC TWTII CLITIVaTO*
Arrive !Ur
Aylmer fBerken ridge t'Ear <1 ley Parlor's Crossing
V	Mohrs Qnyon
Wyman's
tTank
Bristol
McKee's
Sbawvl.le
Clark’s
Campbell's Bay tTank
V	Vinton Von longe •Mellon's Waltham
«.21
• 6
4 »
6 00
«).(V
• »
E. Hodgins & Son
e.i2
44
R. 68
l r,n
• 4
THE CELEBRATED
44
O.IH
4 i
4 4
6.96
S 4
• 4
6.:$7
SIILL tIOOSICR
AND
SPRING PRESSURE
h 22
4 «
S 4
8.47
41
K.14
61
1.56
ii
8 0^
4 «
• 58
4 4
44
7.04
to
7.2t>
Our old reliable HOOS1EH Drills are so well and favorably known that they speak for themselves. There over 00,000 in use among the fanners of this country.
Il
II
7.45
II
7 IS
• I
•.(*)
• I
arc now
7. K
U
8 03
il
7.09
6.51
?i.r.o

8.12

• I
plentiful.
Ford
38

ffiSTM
8.30
éâ
Notice.
1 v	SRU
The brunt of the lighting, a a a!eo
U
1.47
4 I
M 4..U4
Lfave b.SO
$.55 Arrive
•Flag Station. tTank. f'Flag SiMiou.
We invit«‘ the closest inspection of our Farm Implements ami Machine 17 whit 1
Intending pm husers to see our lines before placing their orders elsewhere.
Seed for New 1900 Catalogue.	.
THE NOXON Co., L’td, Ingersoll, Ont.
Wo beg to inform the farmers that we have secured the services of Mr. Mathiesen who has for the past
four years been employed as He comes highly recommended as a first-class man, and we trust by giving liberal returns and the best Hour we can make to secure the patronage of every farmer in this district.
We have for sale at all times
Flour, Graham Flour, Germ Meal, Bran, Shorts and Provender at lowest prices. Cash paid for good clean Wheat any time you fetch it along.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway t Aylmer.
Relief is on
?. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUl'KKlNTENOFNT
miller in Renfrew Mill.
oping an aggressive
Issgte.
Ljrd Methuen is at Zwsrlkopfontein, 12 miles east of Boshof, and is sending small swift columns through the adjacent country. L >rd Cheeman, commanding one of these, encountered a small commando about ten miles southeast of Zwartkopfon-tein. He found most of the farms occu pied by women and children only.
Au editorial note in the Daily Mail avers that Mafeking is in a very bad way and that the hope of relief is very far off, as no force is advancing from the touth.
The War Office announces that 4,000 horses will arrive at the Cape this week.
It is well understood that the animals are not tit for work until about ten days after the voyage. Two thousand more are due at the Cape next week.
The War Office has called out the reserve companies < f several infantry battalions, which will be sent to South Africa forthwith.
i
1
YVANTED-Honestman or woman to tra-» vel for largo home; salary 86i monthly and expenses, with increase; position permanent; Inclose self-addreseed stamped envelope. MANAGER, 330 Vax ton bldg.. Chicago.
at Maseru, télégraphe that no shelling has been heard from the direction of Wepener to-day.
infantry and a battery of artillery arrived Friday.
(Jen. Brabant's headquarters and all the mounted troops have gone to lloux-ville. The Northern Post asserts that the Rouxvillo district furnished 1,000 recruits to the Boor force do a result of the invasion last week.
Five hundred Boers under Commandant Swanepoel, foiced the Royal Irish Rifles to evacuate Roux ville.
The former Landrost, who had been acting for the British, offered to go to the front to prove himself a true Free Stater and almost to a man the Free Staters who had taken tho oath rejoined the Boers. Nearly everyone produced a Mauser. Looting, however, was repress ed. It is reported that there are 7,000 Boers at Wepener. Fourteen Britirh sympathizers have been imprisoned.
The Boers admit having shut Mr. Guiney, the hotelkeeper, for taking for* ago to the British. A paymaster with Ie 1,400 ($7,000) was captured.
Long Halt Nearly Ended.
stoner
TIME CABS
!H EFFECT FEB, 2(, 1900.
EASTERN DIVISION.
A regiment of British
1
king is dependent upon its own failing re sources unless a mysterious column hits been sent north by a long detour from Kimberley, while the Warrantait garrison has been bombarding Fourteen Streams.
“ One reason for tho British confidence is the lack cf pasturage on the veldt, which will deprive the Boer» of tho use of their hardy ponies.
“Gen. Roberts, iu action, has brought nature into the field as an ally against the Boers. The high veldt leading towards tho Transvaal will he without grass after a few hard frosts during the next fortnight and as President Kruger’s warriors wnl not have any orderly system for the transport of forage their raiding opeia-tioni will be rendered more difficult as the southern winter sets in.
Two Canadian troop», belonging to tho first contingent, via, Sergeant A. Beattie, of Toronto, and Private R. Harrison, of Montreal, are dead from enteric fever.
Lord Roberts has sent a message to President Kruger protesting against the scandalous treatment being accorded to British prisoners at Pretoria.
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 21-2 HOURS. Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:-
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.

Localat oil iu-q tennodiate stations. Ar-Valleylleld. count' H Co-
a <>.10 A.M
Furniture I
lives M	V>0 .i
lean foi avail om! ; ‘i • Vh v.
1
Alexan-
Amvt*»

a 8.45 A.M.
nnum
\t»i\

i tlilniilJlpill 1*T Ci
intermediate i. Pullman parlor ctu
Montreal 11 1
t. I
top* at
Td 8.45 A.M.
IIV
Roberts’ Good Work.
The Bloemfontein correspondent cf the Times, telegraphing Friday, says :
“ Everything is going satisfactorily. Owing to the enemy's enterprise, a necessity has arisen for a movement in the southeastern division and fur strategic reasons troop trains have monopolized the railway for a short period; but the Boer raids are only what was anticipated as a result of the halt in our main ad-
h t .it ions
Furniture !
Arrives Montreal 11.50 .1 tached.
«Ie
Limited- Slope Aloxan
only. Arrives Montreal 6.50 p.
attached. Corrects with trains for y tehee, Portland, Halifax ami .ill j*oints east of Montreal. For Valleylleld and all pointa south of the Ht. Lawrence River, Bt. Albans, Burlington, etc: Aniving Bouton 7 a. in., New York 7.‘JO a. m. lias through Wagner elccjnog ear. Ottawa to New York. g» •> ^ T) \/f	Local—etops at inlermvdi-
I e ivl • ate station*. Arrive Montreal 9.46 p. m. Connecta at Coteau Jet. for Coinwall, Kingston. Toronto, Chicago, etc. Has Pullman ear to Montreal.

a 4.20 P.M.
1 Coteau Jet
m. Pullman pa riot
tar

f $
Look out for the New Things !
Our Spring Lirçe of Furniture is out of sight I
If so drop in and inspect stock.
AND THE BOERS WILL BE HANDICAPPED
FOR HORSE FEED.
vance.
“ We, in Bloemfontein, are fall of nil miration for the calm form with which headquarters has received there incidents.
“ Half of the object of the enemy has failed since Lord Roberts has refused to be drawn into complications, but has fostered the enemy’s enterprise making dis positions to checkmate it almost without Bloemfontein
Trains arrive at Ottawa CeTitr.il Depot
I,o. al—from B wt n. V Yoik,
England ami New York points, Montreal, leaving at 7.30 a. m. Stop at local stations. Has Wagner buffet car New Yorkto Ottawa.
a 11.20 A.M. j
Would you like to see it ?
New Yoik, April 15.—Mr. Isaac N. Ford,the London correspondent of the New York Tribune, cables his paper at 1 o’clock this morning reviewing the war situation as follows ;	44 Optimism is the
note of the meagre despatches received from the Free Slate during the last 24 hours. The long halt is nearly ended and preparations are making for an irresist* able march northward. It is intimated that Gen. Roberts can leave 20,000 mon to guard tho railway behind him, and still have eighty thousand men available for an advance to the Vaal river.
** Tho colonial garrison is not only holding its giound but is punishing the besiegers, whose retreat will be cut off by the force advancing across the country from ILddersburg. One military wiper
In Parlor Suites
Limited — from Montreal anil pie. east., leaving there at 9.40 a.ni. Stops ut Alcxa; t l only; Has Pullman parlor ear.
_ >• Of* 1) V/T Limited—from Montreal cl	1 •lvl • leaving 4.05 p. m. Stops
at Alexandrin only. Has Pullman parlor ear.
(A 1 P n "If Dailv— Ltxal— from inter 1 el?X# mediate points, Cornwall. Kingston, Toronto and points west. Has Pullman parlo (Ml.	.
Middle & Western Divisions.
a 12.10 NOON
Wanted !
Teacher wanted to take immediate charge of Sr. Elementary Department of the Shaw-ville Academy. Apply at once.
II. LANG, Sec’v,
Frame are New Coverings are New Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
What’s the use of making a stump speech every time you try to sell a
Sideboard,	Bedroom Suite,
Extension Table,	Spring Mattress,
Dining-room Chair, Wool Mattress Kitchen Table,	Parlor Table,
Kitchen Chair,	Hall Rack,
Bedstead,	or Lounge	?
Show the products of the best manufacturers,—they do their own talking.
being aware that movements of the troops have occurred.
Probably Ready to Strike.
The Bloemfontein correspondent of the Daily Mail, telegraphing Thursday, “There is nothing whatever to
It will be b i that the Boers are just where we want thorn. Li a word we are all right.
Kimberley advices * ay the town guard has been remobilizjd and guns have been remounted at tho forts, owing to the fears of the populace that tho Boers will again attempt a siege.
A battalion of the Scottish R fies has arr.ved and the ndoubts aroi.n l tho town | are manned with regular troops.
The military authorities, however, gard these fears as groundless.
TO AND FROM THE WEST. (Daily, except Sunday) Trains leave Ottawa Ontr.il Depot :
says : came uneasiness.
Tenders Wanted.
Renfrew,
1 Birry's
Bay. Whitney, Cuiioe Lake, Parry Sound and Intermediate point*.
For Am prior, u fcganville Pembroke,
8.15 A.M.
Sealed tenders will lie received by the assumes that tho B >er raiders are nlruady undersigned up to April the 20th Inst., for
n,	-• fa
on the different routes na follows :
Monte No. 2, commencing at Jos. T.J well's, ending at W. A. Corrig Rout e No. 3, commencing at ./as. Wi ending at Mich'd Wilson’s, (James Route No. 4, commencing at W. 1 f. Cor rigniVs, ending at Richard Hodgins creek.
Route No. 5, commencing at ./as. K. Bar ton’s, ending nt Janies Ale Dowell's. Route No. 0, commencing at Lewis Cutli-bertsonV, ending at rrancis Wilson’s, Route No. 7, commencing at James Me I wren's, ending at Richard (Win’s).
Each drawer to furnish their
For A reprior Rrnfrow. Eg •auvllle, Pembroke,
4.40 P.M
.. 1

entrapped and will nt.ver eu joining 1 ho mein body in the North. I These dcispatches and conjecture» iiidi*
,. *r« a matked return of c hid îcnce, which •uit doubt, will founded on the
rv
«A
t
termwdiato points

(
t
Renfrew, 1
¦
» r
1.00 P. M.
nr
uu

f

V • 1
n t
wanka and inf Trains arriv

Ml H

utral depot

r overwhelming «
(nation at midnight of any fre*h success of the British arms.
i
pRinhr
F
11.10 A.M.
But there waa no definite iufnr
rer.gth of fieri


Rtr.fiew, Amprior

liste i
an l inter!
Ilf
From Parry Sound, Pembroke, EganviUe, Renfrew dlate points.
5.35 P.M.
Casualties at Wepauer.
Amprior and lnt<

As to Mafeking.
“ This optimism even ukca a brighter hue at Capo Town than in London. It Aliwal North, Saturday, April 14.—Col. is reported that a feeling of confidence in Grenfell wires that the casualties at Wep- the speedy relief of Marking is enter-ener include Quartetmaeter Williams, tained there and that go d news will he Lieut. Halford and Lieut. Duncan, and r« ceived before the end of April. Tho 15 men wounded.	ways ani means are not sift'd. O.m.
Sir Godfrey Lagden resident commis- Methuen is active at B »shof, but Mnfn
ROYAL IRISH RIFLES FORCED BY THE BOERS TO EVACUATE ROVXVILLE.
Mixed train from Madawas-e ks. Egnnville, Renfrew, Arn-
3.00 P.M
prior and intermediate stations.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Wilson s,
CUTHBEHTSON, CRAI|AM & ELLIOTT,
Ceilral Dept Hassell Haase Bled.
ow ri wagon. Three or four wagons belonging to D. Company will he rented if required.
By Order.
W. W. IRELAND,
Secretary.
Tickets to Europe and all parts of the world by all American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook’s
tours.
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
a trains run daily except Sunday k SaeUaf only.
*
#
S'
y




