###PAGE###1###
* »

L
SIliAVTTLlS,. PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, DEC 20, 1001
No. 27.— 19th Year.
It.
SI.00 a Year
in Advance

LOCALS THAT PAY
PERSONAL
.... A Christmas Present
Mr. Norman and Mrs. Brownlee, of,
Chrmthab Goods,—A nioo assortment I"u *Ln	•*t	l,l8fc I	^^tSF^SF^68F"C6c
of Fancy Goods—nil kind»—suitable for
XiAas presents. Don't miss examining Mr. lorn Kuriuy, repres ntingthe firm	|	g	g
this display.	W. T. Earl, of floold, Shapely it Muir, manufacturer | I	f\	III /p%	fg __ I __
Coupon and Local Tickets to all parts "f 8*«oIint> engine», wind mills etc , of	I ¦ |	/|l	I E 1	24 I* 111 O	^ Q fU
of the world. All information cheerfully Brantfoid Ont., vas in town last week	I	Wm mJL E	E M I Fjd fj I I I B	I lfl I
given. J. K. Tjkrney, Railway and Tick- and favored This Egrrrv with a call on	""	%#(E I ¦ 1^	VMI W
et Agent, Arnprior, Ont,	| business of <x vise.
(il RL WANTED to do genet al house work. Apply ut The Equity Offick,
F
Held Omet! . .. capital auWerll-ed • apltal paid up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA
..........$t,{H'4,POO
......... 1.09».940
...........1,000,466,
OF CANADA.
Ut Cabinets at regular dozen rate now till XmuH
M. Imihon, Photographer

Board of Li rector s
Charles Mace*, Esq., President. George Hay, ehq., Vice-President.
John Maths*. E*q. D.mn MacLahkn, Lhq.
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
- $6,000,000.
L.
Ho». 0to. llftTjoM, Jr Ale> am*, Ehq ,
f
;
Dennis Mcnruv, Ehq
Head Office, • Montreal,
General Mu nager .. Manager,
GEOROEBURN D. M. riNNIE
FOR SALE.—A grade short horn Cow ( newly calved ) and Calf. Apply to
Duncan Camphkll.
Maple Ridge.
00.
Brandie* •
IN ONTARIO
Keewatln.
K*mptville,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
OBITUARY
SHAWV1LLE BRANCH,
3 SPECIAL LINES.
1st - Ladies’ Cloth Jackets :
Lanark,
Parry sound, Pembroke, Rut Portage, Winchester, do BankSt. Renfrew do Rideau St. Toronto, Vauklcek Hill, Smith's Palls.
IN MANITOBA :
Alexandria, A r it prior, Aronmore, Bra-«bridge,
Carleton
r ME LATE mis. JAMES HU AW
Money loaned on approved aeturlty at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
8AVJN08 BANK.
Aceour/s opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed. ^
10 A M. to 3 r.M.
10 A M. TO 1 P M.
F. A. PARKER, I attendance) Manager.
Car-load Fruit Just In.
Applet In large variety from 12 to 16 per barrel; Oranges, Crapes, Cranberries, Figs and Dates. Figs at 6 cts. a pound.
W. T. EARL -
The death of Mrs. ,James .Shaw, of this village on the 26th November, is the breaking of another of those bonds which unite the present with the greater pa?t of the last century. Mrs. Shaw’s maiden name was Lydia Theresa Lang. Shj was the sister of Mr. Humphrey Lang, of this village, and was born in the year 1810, near the historic town of Nentownbutler, in the County of Fer-mangh, Ireland, where she spent her
do
Place, Hawkeebury.
3-rd.
We still have a nice assortment—all goods—but the season is well advanced now, and we must have none left Note prices
JACKETS JACKETS JACKETS JACKETS JACKETS JACKETS
new
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
’ portage La Prairie
' IN QUEBEC;
,	Hull,
Shawinigan Fall*
Agents in Canada, New York and Chicago— Bank of Montreal.	w . _ .
Agents in tit. Paul-Merchant* Nat Bank. Agents in Loudon, Eng.—Pair's Bunk Ltd,
PALACE GROCERY
over.
Lachutt
Montreal
Office Hours Saturdays .
Wesley Hynes,—290,(Only two weeks
$3.50 REDUCED TO 3.75 REDUCED TO 3.00 REDUCED TO 0.00 REDUCED TO 7.50 REDUCED TO 10.00 REDUCED TO
$2.25
mangn, iregarni, wnere sne spent ne 7 ithful days, and which she always level to speak cf. Ft was in the same town the late Archbishop Lewis began h/,. ministerial work. She was a membei of the Church ul England, and with the
belonged to the congre-
d
you
BLEW. DIPT.
G bade III.—(Possible marks 1209)—
Nellie Walsh, 942 ; Andrew Vaughan,
878 ; Ida Murray, 698 ;Tena Hynes, 596 ;
ASteSSrai srs | EE'='” ‘	I sJW&œjntx:
esrs ixsst; àü ^ gr c	p
P rid»y evening of this week.	|	------------ I	T^CBeM-I L,e to the village. Here Mrs. Shaw
spent the la t forty years of her life.
Coming* Entertainments. 1 Shepuweeen her children and herchildren'e
—	uhiidven grow up about lier. Out of a
family of eight only three survive her, viz : James L. and John H. Shaw and Mrs J. G. Lutter worth, of Ottawa. Mr. Shaw died Dec. 29, 1877. Mrs. Shaw was of a quiet and retiring disposition, but always interested in the welfare of others, rejoicing in their gladness, sympathizing in the r sorrows, and delighting in doing good, especially to the needy. Many a kindness have such received without knowing from whom it came. Her end was jierfect peace burial on the 28tli ult. in Church Burial Ground, was largely at tended.
2.90
le
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
3.75
air.
4.75
°°1
MERRY CHRISTMAS § AND
A HAPPY NEW YEAR
r°°
g A I
0.00
7.75
5.
2nd - Ready-to-Wear Clottyng :
TO
ALL OUR READERS $
ooooO
I
-MEN’S, BOYS’, CHILDREN’S— —SUITS, OVERCOATS, P-JACKETS—
All reduced down to Cost Price ;
The (juality and voriety of our stock is well-known.
We offer the lot at prices which mean a loss to us but a decined gain to the buyer.
OUT THEY CO!
This is a chance to buy good Clothing ot prices you won’t meet with again. Don’t miss it.
5

ooo
CHRISTMAS PRESENTS.
Call and see our large stock of Watches. Clocks, Ladles' and Gents Charms, Bracelets and Silver Nov-
WHYTE,
The Watchmaker.
The Advance says that there have been thirteen cases of typhoid fever in Quyon, and happily none have been fatal.
The Rev. Austin Ireland, will delight the young people of Fort Coulonge, with a gramophone concert on Tuesday evening, Dec. 3let.
The willing workers of the Presbyterian | eltles. Church, Portage du Fort will hold a Con cert and Conundrum Supper on Tuesday,
Pee 31st, Set Putter*.
####§
Mr. George Campbell, agent for	pupils	assembled	for	the	closing ex-	iogs, dialogues, recitations, songs, etc.
Fraser & Co., reports that smallpox has	ercises.	Doors open at	7; programme at 8 o'clock.
broken out among the men in the Cou The principal feature of the afternoon Admission, 16 cts. ; children, 10 cts.
longe shanties of the concern.	n a debate: “ Resolved that within.- New yE 1902,-The congregation
A conference of leaders, stewards local «'='» of more importance than geo- of St. PauVa church will hold its An-
for their Xmas supplies, and they foun i	The	new Principal,	Mr.	F. C. Hum- A Grand	Concert Dec.30.—The	n,ght, Mr».	J.	>.	Me ca	fe, g ,	»
our tradespeople well prepared to sup-	phreys,	delivered	an	address, which	parishonere of	Vinton into d having a	wfaSR^ up 10 Î	°ie*	eP<>'
ll"‘ ^ •nd "•	P. S.-Christmas Goods now pouring in, and being
seasonable goods to select from.	After some kindly remarks by gentle- 800—on Monday eve-ring, Dec. 30. A ------------— —	0p6116Cl Up.
¦m »	c, ... An -ho at men present and a treat for the children, varied and highly interesting program
-
tended it waa certa nly very gratifying-	nM‘	I	model debt.
a full house, an interesting program and	--------- %	Grade, II. Class L—Luella Dale 1,
much enjoyment fer the youngsters who OTTER LAKE & LESLIE. Marie Cuthberteon 2, Janet Kilgour 3, participated.	___ Flossie Wainman 4.
The Christmas offering of the J. W The weather the past week has been I W1'l .«m‘ctidweD *'Henry'a^ub received np to Jan. 1st. 1902. The wood pper Piano Music Magazines for Dec- somewhat settled alt >ough ve y cold, /„ u.i\ 7 yerna McGuire J	to be 22 in. long and delivered at Green
ber is a sacred solo by Arthur J Lamb and the roads here at present are all that \ A / r ,. w tinman 10 Taidm Lake Cheese Factory before May 1st.
;^ c<l for all occasions. Tn© niagftzm* ki^o week with hayt oats, ©te.	I jv .
B"xssr.s Sm sis-;
mental -25 ce,ta. For sale by all news- MrGeorgo Campbell Mr A. Fraser’s 3’^ f, _£J} g iwes3 pcarl Wilson
E. Mu ph, MW EdUh For SSL’S.ÎE	Tug.W.uuCMW-
rellaffd Mr. James Robb, went to Kaza	———	public not to i* hereby given by J. R
bazua on Thursday,	Wabey Qetfl Five Years. Horner, the undersigned Sjecretary-Tren-
Mr. R. Thomson passed Thursday on	--- surer of the aforesaid Municipality, that
his way home from the woods	At the Hull Assizes last Saturday a public meeting of the said Municipality
Mr. George Campbell went up on morning.-Ju ge Curran passed sentence	u,e CounTlIallToran^
Thursday accompanied by Dr. Ga oury, on Wabey, the hal breed India-, recent- |lall) in tllc ^aid Municipality, on Mon who goes up to the woods to invo tigate ly ound guilty of manslaughter in con- <tay the Thirteenth day of January next, the sudden death of a lad of 18 years nection with the ki ling of John McCabe 19UÜ. at Ten of the clock in the forenoon, named Adan; chick of Chapham.	at Silver Lake. He was sentenced to five for the purpose of then and there electing
Mr. John Hodgins, of Thorne West, Lea s in >t Vincent de Paulpenitentiary £wo Couu^th «provisions rfihe ffùnT was here this week.	In passing sentence the Judge said he r , Code of lh(! provi,icc of Quebec. to
A few from hero went to the concert bad been inclined to leniency by the vo rol,iace Messrs. John H. Shaw and Arthur at Thorne West Friday night.	couiendation to mercy made by the jury Smiley.
Messrs Robert and John forehead «.nd also by the fact that the prisoner had Given this Twentieth day of December,
and James Itobertaoii went up to the 1 mg trouble	°ne thoU8and mne 5T HOKNKR*'
woods Saturday.	|	? -—	'	Sec.-Treas.
3rd - Oil Tan Moccasins :
All reduced. See them and ask prices, You cannot afford to miss this opportunity to secure bargains.
, and her St. Paul’s
J. H. SHAW.
i

o

Wood Wanted.
Tenders will be received by the undersigned for 30 cordrs Hardwood and 5 cords Pine, both three feet long ( furnace wood), delivered at the Methodist church, Shaw-ville
ShawYille Academy Xmas Exam
W. W. IRELAND
Wood Wanted.
Tenders for 30 cords mixed wood will be
Pe
cm

M
'
Secretary
j
Public Notice.
i
We Wish
dealers.
Pontiac Lodge A. F. & A. M. will hold its annual meeting for tho installation of officers for the coming year on Friday of this week. R. W. Bro. Lough, D. D. G. M. is expected to conduct the
ceremony.
The officers elect are : —
Bro. F. A. Parker, XV. M.
W. 11 J. VV. Wilson, I. P M.
4‘. <L F Hodgins, S. W.
44 R. S. Whitman, J. XV.
44 Rev. XV,F. Fitzgerald, Chap. R.W 44 J. H. Shaw, Treas W. “ T. W. Wilson, Sec.
44 D. B. Alexander, S. D. v John Smith, J. D.
4 4 George Conley, J. G.
4' R. D. Finnigan, Tyler.
• • •
Province of Quebec
Our Friends and Patrons A Merry Christmas and A Happy New Year and thank them for the favors shown us during 1901.
in
Y.
1
.re
>ft
Election of Directors.—At the annual meeting of the members of the Pontiac Agricultural Society No. 1, held in the Old Town Hall, Rhawville, on
Onslow lames Stce e ; Quyon, H. 8. 900)— Isabel Dra^wr, 686.	steamers for the new ( anadian mail an(i resident house holders of the Munci
B.." "j ' -"-p" «v.	jaSLiZ k^fcgesra tk* e.’.nasviÆj'^'ï:
i	I "Hf '«"I “«*	SïÆhS’.S» if, ui, moSSw
•	which is 68a feet overall. 1 lie reprosen- proccec| with the election of those council-
Grade II., Model—(Possible 800)—	utives of the promoters of the new coin-	]orH jn the room and stead of Wm. C.
<ilas Sturgeon, 603 ; Chester Walsh, 616;	i>any, who asked for the tender, are going	Mellowed, James Robinson, and John
fU1MrVeuTh	Peter	Lunam,	and James I Grade I. Model (Possible 700) Hairy	x> make a tour of the Engli h and scotch	Smiley. Esquires, whose term of office
Sloan ; Portage d ,	Fort,	O. H.	Br»b,v	Sturgeon, 457 ; Ruth Dr.|*r ; 340, (Uni,	.hip yard» If w unde .toed that °»	Bt shawvllle this sixteenth dav of
wm • Bryson, R. ”cC. Ritchie ; Fort l ino. attendance) ; Jossie ( uthhwtoon. order has yet been placed.	thv month of December nineteen hundred
flnnlonwe Hon Geo. Bryson ; Calumet 34ô ; Garnit W alsh, 334 ; Robert VViUon	?	land
H?—‘ 8t“'Ttom"	ïSxxzzX'Jzsr
uy
The Drug Store
Steamers Fur Canadian Mail

Public Notice.
Clarendon Model School,
rn
THEY WILL BE THK LONGEST AFLOAT
ed
no

^ha d JohnTou^i Clarendon, \ w! I	686 ; WUle Sturgeon. 11 ngeafc vessel now afloat • the Oceanic
Ralph, Thomas McDowell, Joseph Sly 644. and John Grant ; Shaw ville, D. B. Alex ' ande , and A R. Smiley ; Li chfield, J


t
HUGH MATHESON,
Sec-Treasurer.
###PAGE###2###


. *.	I "You need Leon's help, then?" 1 —‘HC—)<C—31(¦•¦JK—)K,»)t(-^K,t,)K,>,)K'>,)K'*,?K need of having the roosts so high
A Fanchette said, coldly.	f _	w*w^ry 1 that ®vcry time a fowl ®«® down it
? "What’s that?" asked Mtggitt.il Cg&D lADM Ll/V f will result in bruising the feet. I Very Little Conjugal ThuSapplnesi
Y	"Something like a knock or hammer- f 1 Vl\ 1 xilVlTILlVtJ I Hoard floors and cement floors are	in Newfoundland
Y	ing in a cellar or inner kitchen." 1-T , certainly advisable in many cases. , M	*
5. "Hats, probably," replied Fan- f	4	and if the roosts are low there need Newfoundland In the only British
A chctte.	M	Seasonable and Profitable t bo no damn go from bumblo-foot. I P»«®»*ion where a divorce is unpto-
Y	"Leon alone can save mo," went f Hints for the Busy Tillers 'M Tho writer of this has used a board ®ur*Dle. 1 he colony has no divoKbs
y on Meggltt, thinking no more of tho f of the Soil.	t	floor for years, with roosts only 18 I la™* recognizes no Interferon*
5; t'row lit'once wh"* .“dupes/ted	U A',"!'''"'"' ™lon^e" dlvoixo Is'.-eo*^
¦ ss t.-l't	ao°” "™f cmui-	s;.?"? ,t.""or
SYNOPSIS OF /KKCKD1NO T “1 will go down to Weymouth and You have come to tell me where they It is not only possible to start	- are rigid, still evidence of infidelity
CHAPTERS.—Securities vanish horn May there till the trial is over." are?"	* which common cows n« a foundation	DIVERSITY IN FEEDING. w111 accomplish Its attainment
SHHSEsslSST S f «F» ,sa-
¦Nee*
¦seiE* *
¦ S«b'°iUL Ulat nmî,e f amhettc a • lht mother, with her gram	1 h, rc is plenty of opposition to ed against her as so much expense,
H I. Ifts	an severed her simple airs» her pretensions. She—faugh	the idea of using common cows for which she must pnv before her milk
question as to how long the train If you only knew. But why should I building up a good herd of animals will give n profit. On the otTîr side.
.°U. ,o in getting to London, and	tell you	?	for beef purposes ; but that opposi- a cow will leave abêtit $10 worth of
she looked at him very keenly.	About Mrs.	Waldo?	asked	Meg- tion is too often of a flimsy nature, manure# I ¦
CHAPTER XXIX	Jtut he Spoke os she did. in matter- B,u in astonishment.	A good common cow foundation g	WÊÊÊ
mm	Emm pss
..  > “»“>»“*	„ «tess&srjrs»* si. % rissxrr* s ^	„ |%.z
London.	i I was an orphan—from my birth, half the battle is then won. Tho n% .	.	another town on the island with
En route to Paris, I suppose?" they told me.”	first cross will show some good re- .. ,uat changes have taken place in	,noro	tjlan	g	000	or 3 000 nnnnif.
"Oh, no, Monsieur; 1 shall make	*lt was a lie;	your father	and mo- suits, and the second and third will 1,10 management of prison». With-	and tllc great	majority of the nb rri
1 have friends there." I her are both alive. 1 know it for a show steady and pronounced improve- m. '10 ,C(° C(t,«n of DJnn.v people a nro mvro|v f|R|,jllir village» inhabit-It was, no doubt, in Lon- ,fact. I have had all tho letters	ment. The half-bred steers will make	XVilK a verY free-and-easy er1	by the	hardy coast-folk	who for
don that Mademoiselle learnt Eng- which proxo it in my hands. Fool	good beef, and they will in most 1 , c® "hvI0 t,'e inmntes conversed generations have followed	ihn
li.sh so perfectly?"	that 1 was to part with them!" cases fatten as easily and rapidly as 11 Pl®n*uro# and on occasions enjoy- pUn?1|jt
¦tS" j? zzr >7S	sz rr -FFF - «ïiuru szs
Sgr rif 'èmmi Hi—	imm
::::::
This was a distinct relief.	I woman! Mon Dieu I Why did I not	'I’hey would have to pay	'T0*	drunkcmivs»
—¦111*
9	dom for prisoner a. And now no hcrc, bc,n« on y4Utw? instancc? v
longer upon sunny river banks may ,en :vcars’. af( the by wronged bus-be descried a genial governor sharing	8	t'mng wives.
a well-stocked luncheon-bosket with 1 r<el,ea8f the h”«band from any
;m Zizrx 'u.’ShZ!
U omen hero never advance this plea, preferring to endure private grief to creating u public scandal.
HAS NO DIVORCE LAW»
t.
X
I HIS
ILL-GOTTEN | • WEALTH.
X
The Untimely End of
Joseph Devae.

I
:
s'
I

t #
t

• ?• < <? <•	< <• *XHÎ4 •> C* •>«> Y *x« .;.»j y
?X">*>*H**X*<**>*>*X*«&
In
also thd tourta power to dissolve the marriage vows for adequate reasons, and tho aid of this convenience is frequently called upon.
Newfoundland refuses to recognize divorces. This attitude Is due to the predominance of the Irish Catholic element in the population.
Truth to tell, there is very little need for a divorce law. Did it exist there would doubtless be persons availing themselves
«'re
n
many
but as it docs not they do without, and uro none tho worse off. Tho colony’s whole population consists of but 200,000 persons, and while it would ho absurd to contend that there is no conjugal infelicity it is quito correct to maintain that the percentage of marital dereliction Is smaller than in probably any other country in the world, barring Ireland.
theft
IT PAYS TO KEEP ACCOUNTS
money ami sets % detective to watch him
maid
card sharping
and Fanchette, Mrs. Waldo's These two arc arrested for
start
<’ut off from tho American continent, the old-time virtue flourishes more vigorously than in the communities brought into closer touch with the advanced modern thought which finds expression in making marriage a civil contract, to , broken at tho will of cither or for
on tho four acres is should be deducted from
which tho rent
are
bo
VERY TRIFLING CAUSES
Lan timer he, at the Prefecture, who had been recognized at last by the police
before they tracked the lives to the Cherbourg boat Daunt thought it high time to leave Paris.
It was some days, however,
two fugi-Thcn
some stay "Ah!
one
llis departure was hastened by a letter from Josephine, in which she informed him of the disappearance of Bob
She had heard nothing of him or from him lor nearly a fortnight.
One letter she had received the morning after his visit to the Junior 1 Belgravc, and it told how he had waited on the men he wished to watch, and how ho had heard amidst much balderdash something that might be useful to the cause he and
Josephine had so much at heart. 1 v *^ou’ too, going to London?
And that was the last she had °Pstokc. I am going to stay at a
Something terrible ko use near there." must have happened. The guilty Fanchottc seemed quite relieved by wretches dreading detection had not this announcement, and chatted scrupled to do him grievous bodily au'ay very pleasantly, about her life ,, harm.	jnt tho Waldo’s, about Paris—if she
happened to Bob," kad only known’—and many other "must have been on things, till Bishops!oke was reached.
There Daunt got out, as he had
of man and wife, for desertion, ill treat-
liumblc he Fiinchctte
heard of him
bank
• 9
for
"Air. Dandy!” exclaimed Meggltt. This explains all.”
"It’s the truth, Monsieur, exactly the truth. Ask Madame Waldo. She
Whatever
Proof
PROPORTIONS OF A IIORSE
thought Daunt
liis way home through the park. I wonder whether the constables on sa*(k but his first care was to iind those beats saw anything odd that aud make himself known to the early morning? 1 must consult £uurd •	;
Faske,” said Sir Richard at the end
of his reflections.
will not dure deny you.
Meggitt rose from his seat, and strode up and down the room without speaking.
"Is is cruel, be even with her yet be said, mastering his rage must keep. .
will lei me know how I may help
In un address on the symmetry of horses, It. A. ltumsay, an American veterinarian,
gave the following infamous; but I will rules, which, in n general way, con-Dut there—," stituto the foundation of the sym-nll that metrical
CAGES OF SILVER WIRE
"if the lady in the carriage I have left gets out at any station short of
me to 'l-uske,
' Do
A bird-cage that costs $400 must proportions. The head is be an elegant affair, but orders for As to Leon, you say lie | Liken as the standard of measure- such cages are occasionally given by
ment
>-
Kext morning Daunt saw the do- Waterloo, wire ioi tective and detailed Bob’s disappear- Scotland Yard. Alighted at mice and circumstances which pro- you understand?” Such a question, j,jnj •• ceded it.	accompanied by luilf-u-sovereign,
'Tie was after that same fellow could only bo answered in one way. you saved me from in Seven Dials.” There was another train a quarter nôw “Was lie? Why?"	of an hour later which Daunt meant
"We are trying to redress a griev- to take; but before lie started he ous wrong, one in which you had sent a lengthy telegram to Fuske: some hand—tho conviction of the
SLIGHTLY MISUNDERSTOOD
wealthy persons whose love for birds
1. Three and a half geometrical equals their love of the artistic and A certain man is growing more and "When is he to leave	Dorchester?	lengths of the head give the entire	their ability to pay. Such a cage	us	; more deaf, and greatly dislikes ta
Fai.cliettc did not answer.	hnght of the horse, counting from	this was ordered some years ago	by	I admit it. Ho makes à brave prevail I assist him	best?	By	*,l‘‘ toll of tlie forelock to the ground	Mrs. Mackay, the wife of tho well-; tenco of understanding what is said to
sending there to watch?	What	did	upon which ho stands, provided the	known millionaire ; it was made	of	him, and this frequently entails
Leon say?”	:	well carried.	silver-wire and rare woods, and de- amusing mistakes.
"1 care not; nor whether he is ro	e lengths of tho heads signed by an architect. Orders for | Not long ago a gentleman met him
.	. ...	«ho left by tho 8.55 this morning: leased ut all. I shall not mix my- j e[*ual tho height of the body from cages costing $200 have been given and said:—
mi	°, S' lUld ,! y0l,llg |travelled with her as far as Bishop- seif more with that false traitor or !op °.f th,° witlhers to the ground; from time to time by such notable I "Perhaps you haven’t heard about
cil 18 oiU ’¦tecs fion-	stoke, but for good reasons haw lull his affairs. I do not wish to sec th? *cnÇth of ,ho sumc body from persons as Lord Dufferin. In his the visitor that arrived at our
the train. She is due ut Waterloo at him again. I shall go buck.”	point of shoulder to the point of the case the cage was a silver pagoda, house yesterday-a fine baby boy—a
Have some one there to meet I "Where?”	1,|r’’isivc.	These cages are usually more roomy perfect cherub?”
1 shall arrive at ! "To	Paris;	1	was	happy	there;	, Z* A , °’° kcad gives the length	than the ordinary canary prison	The	deaf
contented	witli	my	lot.	1	might	°Yt .[rom thc summit of the	that you see in so many places, and	and replied:—
to Sir Richard lave settled in life; a good honest! ,, to the Posterior part of tho it is worthy of note that artists and
poll, measuring in a straight line ;	architects arc not thc only people	house
thc height on the shoulders, from	who take a hand in tho designing of
tho top of the withers to thc point	structures for bird pets. Lord Ave-
of thc elbow ; the thickness of the	bury, better known to thc general
body, from the middle of the afxlo-	public us Sir John Lubbock, who is
men to the middle of the back ; the	& lover of Nature and especially of
width of the body, from one side to insect life, ha» more than
the other."	provement in cages standing to his
______	credit.
Faskc winked knowingly "Do your best, sir
It's natural i.yo.
you should try, but when judge nnd ftn(j jury have gone against a man it 2.10." ain't much use, in my experience, j Vaskc carno 1 up
But h not presuming may 1 ask what when he reached town.	man would have married me, when
’ ThC unVtiCIUkn WtlS Crr°hT8 f0r ^	withmViu i;riniulYlCVBÛtZtIlsCon‘ovêr<l,ôwr.'
icasons that I know we shall soon Scotland Yard—one of them will re- lie had hotter keep away. If ho or
ue able to prove.	turn there with news of her when you, Monsieur, seek to trouble me—
H you are so positive there may there's any to tell.”	take care. You comprehend?”
SrK	SS füwwS
don’t quite see how it can be my . as’c a,1G‘1 >• Simon
man. He was half a Frenchman, *avo	that- al‘“ -vuu "“uuld
who got seven years.”	a
'•For some sort of bank-forgery or	landlord s squared. But she
^l^nchSn^	m%ago^%to"umuiy
'v&se:	zSSf^i«as
bonds in thc old man's deed-box 1	at 1 c*	|more to say to you.”
should begin to smell a rat.”	I came, nnd, asking for Madame "Where can I sec you again, hero
"I hope we shall yet be able to ex- I Toi rat, was shown by several dark | OJ. ju Paris?”
Meanwhile, they have | binding passages into the basement "Ask Leon,” replied FanehCttc,
of, l)1,0 house* ...	, mockingly, "next time you see him.
Why are you bringing me down | Adieu.”
here?” asked Meggitt, feeling a little
follow hei
man smiled pleasantly
Oh,
i «
we have lots of 'em at our My wife gets them by the Stews 'em, you know, and
j
bushel
puts ’em up. She put up more than forty jars this summer deed.”
Yes, in-
Why,” said tho bewildered neighbor, "what do you think I said?”
"Yes, dhc likes thc red kind best,” continued tho afflicted citizen. "Says they ain’t so tough
cultivator of the soil to-day, as in i wanted to make trouble. He was A Ia(JV Was visiting in a housc-thc past the thing he cultivates is just like many others from the ould hold where grace was said at an unknown factor. He knows It is sod when they cret full of bad •talj0 semi-occasional ly. Her curios*-f andy or clayey, wet or dry, rich or , booze' nnd they think there is a 1 il-v Sot the better of her, and she poor,	but	those	things are but the chance for a scrap. He made a	pass	askcd the mistress of tho house why
beginning	ol	wisdom.	at me, but	J reached over and	tap-	I iht*y	didn't obscrac thc rite	regie
ped him at	once on tlie head	with	^ai	"Rhy, ' said the lady	with
stick.	He became quiet	right	801110	surprise, "we say grace	only
aw ay, and he looked up at me and when we have some lea-on.^
thankful. We never dream of gi thanks when we have only roast btef or beefsteak or some simple thing like that; but whenever we have game or something really nice then we say grace, for it's worth
while.”
4 4
ono im-
MYSTERIES OF TIIE SOIL
Is yours the
PLEASED WITH THE HOUR


ought to send you both to thc lock-up
"if it is to be war between us, Fauche lie, and you do seem bent on mischief, there is another if not stronger reason for helping lx?on to
can manage

the
ard

/
my
THE rOULTRY HOUSE FLOOR
be
A poultry raiser advises building said the poultry house floor of dirt. He	" 'And what toime Is it?'
says that cement floors cause bumble	"Of course I couldn't help but an-
foot and that board floors arc little : swer, Must struck one.' better. Wo think that the gentleman j 'Well, if thot's so,' he answered has paid too little attention to tho 'Oi’m dum glad ycz didn’t hit -height of his roosts. There is no hour sooner.' ”
plain that
caught poor Bob, and 1 am most an-lious and unhappy about him. He tiny be sacrificed
”We must institute an active search uneasy -beat up this Frenchman’s quarters. "It’s all right;
He has friends in Seven Dials; I on a visit to Mamzelle mow him and them, and the places of Lie steps.”
Lhcy haunt. Wait a day or t wo, Sir Thc room he entered at length was Richard, and I will have something a small kitchen, not used as such, to tell you.”	but furnished with some pretence at
"Don't forget thc constables who comfort. This was Mainzclle's pri-kcvc on duty in thc park on thc vale apartment, which she occupied norning of the lt)th—we ought to when not busy with her lodgers—the
scum which overflowed for greater Faske called again at the Albany |security from the Hotel Gaillard.
Fanchctte was seated there wait-
mo an
4
9 9
As she showed Meggilt out M. Jo-liau was shown in.
To be Continued.
*
/
For Throat Irritation
/
Madame Poirat is Take care
THE KING'S PERQUISITES The oddest
land's privileges is tho right he hoc
on the coasts°of hvf kTiffdom/Thtro ^oargenesa Dry Throat, Sore Throat, Bronchial Trouble», Coughs, Colds and
Asthma, Dr. Chase’s Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine Is a Cure of Proven Merit.
of the King of Eng
\
are many perquisites of the crown which arc not so rare as whales in England. Tho King is entitled to every sturgeon brought to land in the United Kingdom. One of them, caught in thc Thames, was on the table at Queen Victoria's wedding banquet. The King should receive, too, every year, from divers persons, a tablecloth worth 8 shillings, two white doves, two white hares, a catapult, a pound of cumin seed, a horse and a halter, a pair of scarlet hose, a currycomb, a pair of tongs, a crossbar, a coat of gray fur, n nightcap, a falcon, two knives, a lance worth 6 shillings and a silver needle from his tailor.
itart from th«* point.”
to a couple of days
*T have news, Sir Richard, strange ling and unexpected news. Our man is in " custody at Dorchester in a charge | abruptly card-sharping on	tho
bourg boat, a#d Fanchette is in eus- | adventures from the day she left tody, too, as a own federate there is little known against her, and ¦he will get a light sentence
say Lan timer he will try to commun!- I now, when so much depended on his
She I presence0 It’s most disastrous, most
Worse than ruin is imminent. Same one ' Without him my position is untenable—--”
There arc more ministers, singers and public speakers using Dr. Chart's Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine than any ot!ter similar preparation, because it is exactly suited to their needs. By taking a dose of this préparât ion before going on the platform they feel certain of freedom from dry throat, hoarseness and throat irrita* ion. than which there can be nothing move embarrassing to a singer or speaker.
Besides tho annoyance of throat irritation public speakers seem to be especially susceptible to bronchial trouble, pneumon ;» and lung disease», nnd for this reason it seems wise to have in your grip when leaving home a bottle of Dr. < base's Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine, which is beyond all doubt the «most thoroughly effective treatment for bronchial and lung troubles that is to be obtained.
Dr. Chase i »Syrvp of \	nnd Turpentine aids expectoration, clears the throat and air passages, sooth-
es and qu e's the nerves vhich cause coughing, and thoroughly cures all throat and bronchial troubles. TTiero are other preparations of Linseed and Turpentine put up in imitation of Dr. Chase’s. Do sure that the poi» trail and signature of Dr. A. W < uaso are on the bottle you buy. 25 cento a bottle; family size, three times as much, 60 cents. At all dealers, or L’droansoe, Bates 4 Co., Toronto
Where is Leon?” asked Meggitt


Fanchette rapidly ran over all their
But Faris and joined Leon
"A disreputable gambling row! J dare | what could Leon be thinking of? and
cate with his pals through her must be watebe/ from thc moment | fatal
site leaves
must go down te Our# has lei.”
on





###PAGE###3###

I
I
ms •SlVEETHEAItT’8 LUTTER
IT CAN'T BE TOLD OFTEN ENOUOH THAT
Ludella Ceylon Tea
SWEET ORANGES
EWi*FOB&B>
A colonel, on his tour of Inspection HlJy entered the drill-room, mine across u couple of sol-,e <>f them reading a ' aloud while the other was listening and, at the same time, stopping up i he Ofti • of I ho reader "What
unexpeci when ho diers, 01
'HJâfilftlêSM
letter
1» unsurpassed for Bichness of Flavor and Purity
Lead packages, 25, 80, 40,50 and 60c.
THE DAIRY OhW
Ont trial will prove
it
ro you doing there ? puzzled officer inquired of the
mer.
the
I believe the Ayrshire, like any other dairy cow, should show first of all a capacity for giving a Inigo quantity of milk, writes Mr. M. A.
Scovoll. A larger udder when full, which milks out well, is, therefore, first requisite. In her general make-up she should show that she lias a strong constitution and ability to turn her food, above the main-P ten a nco ration, into milk. She
should ho molded strong without ho- ÿûludont •	•	•
ing course ; compact without being «Sozovlont Tooth Powder pony shaped, and muscular without T	i t«¦»•**-*	*
VBffHpVVHH
be attractive and pleasing to the eye. A cow might be an excellent dairy cow, giving large amounts of butter and cheese, and yet be very unattractive. Take, for instance
for
Good for Bad Teeth Not Bad for Good Teeth
A box of sweet Sonora Orange for $2 50. Special prices in lots of 5 or more boxes. We havo 150, 176, 200, 216 and 250 sizes.
You
¦	colonel, I'n* reading to
Atkins, who can't rend himself, a lot-tor which has arrived hy this nil
noon's post from his sweetheart	,	_	_
MAmi you, Atkins, wimt in nil the I The Dawson Commission Co,, Limited, Toronto.
If an» Potatoes to sell in onr lot* quote Iqweu prices f o b.

the
world 111 ‘Thins Murphy *
cause I don't mind his reading r s wool heart'» letter, hut I don’t want him to hour a single word of what slio has written."
you doing ?"
colonel, J am stopping up ears with both hands, bo-
Ex tract from letter from young man, who
gamo In West Africa dilo skin I have sent down to f dressed measure#! seventeen feet from end to end. If I have the good luck to shoot another I will have a pair of shoes made for you, dear."
i’Jo's Xforbl used in Britain are iinis «hooting big ported chiefly from Italy, France, : ''The croco- Belgium, and Africa. Sicilian is the
bo cheapest and commonest
my
25c. 25c.
25c
____________ Large Liquid and Powder^H^RIV
And With all «ho should All stores or by mail font he price. Sample for the postage, jr
HALL & RUCKEL. Montreal.
- 75c.
n
Mild's Liniment Cures Burns, etc
I

cheaply in summer than during the least, arc eaten greedily. Tho hogs winter season. (Iraws and clover will need other feed to make them n claim and generally get the credit grow and fatten, and they should
tw-boned, long-legged, coarse head- for the cheap |>ork thus produced, havi It
cd. clcphniib-eyed cow, with a largo Yet few know that grass and udder, but u asymmetrical, with teats on one side, for Instance, close
gethci
There arc four classes of roads in France, 50ft., 40ft., 38ft wide.
and 25ft
1
When the boots arc young even the beets, weeded out, where too clover, unless	at its	best, are far in-	thick in the rows, should	bo thrown
to-	fori or to some «other	vegetables that	into the pigpen. After (hey grow
one lent much larger may he grown and fed. Turnips and large enough to cook only the roots than	tho	others, with	great	divisions	rutabagas are	better	than grass, but ,	will bo eaten, as the boot	leaves will
between the	teals and	a	hollow	space ;	the best root	of all	to feed to hogs	he mostly tramped under	foot. 1 hey
in the middle of tho tidd.T, such
cow, in my judgment, does not belong to tin
Mt*p« till* t onsil
nnd work» off thr Cold.
Laxa'ive Bromo-Quinino Tablet** cure » coll in ono day. No ^ure, No Pay. Prlco 25 cent*
I was cured of a bad case of Grip by MINARD8 LINIMENT.
Sydney, C.Ii I was cured of loss of voice by MINAUJVS LINIMENT
CHARLES PLUMMER.
Ceylon Tea Is the finest Tea the world produces, and Is sold only In lead packets.
Slack, Mixed and Green.
rapan tea drinkers try ‘fSatada’' Green tea.
C. I. LACIUI
030,000 gallons—that is 3,000 tom —of water fall in a year on an tiers of British soil.
R is beets. We always preferred the make an excellent food fed with milk sugar best, though nil harts contain and wheat middlings. This ration
show ling. Attractive- some percentage of sweet, and even will niako the young pigs grow iicss or bounty must, therefore play the mangel wurzol, which contain tho rapidly, and they will need very Mbits part in the selection by the fudge of prize winning dairy cows.
A cow possessing an attractive head, with, eyes wide apart, face covered with fine silky hair anti veins prominent, eyes full and lively, with horns characteristic of the, breed, a nock long and sinewy, thin, free from loose skin underneath, thin at the junction of the head and! tapering somewhat to form the shoulders
i
Yarmouth.
I was cured of Sciatica Rheumatism by MINAMD'S UNIMENT.
Burin, Nfld. LEWIS S. BUTLER.
rer Over Fifty Tear»
gas Wn'si.ftw’e Soothino Btsüp ha* beam used bi Billions of mothers for their ohlidree while leeihlm# ft sooth** the chUd, sofU-es the rum*, alia;* pain, cure# rli.d colic, regulate* the storaicfi and bowels, and Is the kest remedy for Diarrhoea. Twenty-lire cents a botUw gold If druggists th roughest the world. Be sure ead ash fer" Mue. W/hslow sSootbims Sr ace." '
treatment and devnto themsolvo-i to aMlsting Protestor Adkin in him great work for human . With the dbrovory of the Adkin vl Lao pa I \\j irestmenl eminent physfoinnf are generally agreed than he treatment of disease has at last been reduced to an exact science.	rn. ,
In all e me 8,000 men and women h ire 1 *ie cheapest and commonest iron
&3BSSÎKS SSM* Ù MZK
mire.oo grratwaa their Inflrmlty. O here din, and constitute the only door
ao*,.,	6"Land wonders at
m ÿHiS 'TStSSSt PSpSSI SrSeSSiS
body, showing well behind and oar- MED Tflll HOW Hfi HlS DürOl tllB dSIÎÎ'eiÜ weU^TheiSh bT.toSd betori Elizabeth- _
ried well forward, and deep through . nunj a.r.^. il. nA1l»i«P the».	,
from side to side, with teats svm- DllliUs tflfl lilIDBr Lu8 ITtiriiy-	Notlonra^o John Adame.of Blakenbury,	___	_ _
» w Won m Yorj sHLaZ&HCS:1A Well-Known
ssstnz wars v	lr"* tf w' I
milk veins prominent mid apparently	, blind for a long period. J.,bn K. Neff, of,
r;,;r	tS 5S « HELP FOR THE m EBSsSSSSHE Cured of Catarrh
Bkiii soft and elastic, rich in color	——	| From I-ogan«p rt, Indiana, cornea the n wa of
m," romnd wi," soft, close, woolly Proffesor Adkin offers to Help All
<•.	»' it) Ill'll . Ml show cow, and SufTerorS From Any Disease I Warren, Pa., Mr. U. W. Savage n noted
WC" a C°W Bh°WS hee,th tt,,d Absolutely Free or Charge.	Aff^r VAACQ of
Professional Men Inves-	1	1	U1
tlgate HIs Powers.	| Adkin.	i	^
; Suffering.
“°Uwho 1 JAPANESE CATARRH CURE CURES
#ava you cannol be cured, writ# to Profeasor
Adkin today ; tell him tho leading symptom! I There are hundred» of so-called catarrh or your oi tnplalnf, how long you have beon cures, but fctoie who have tried them all pro suffering, and he will at once diagnose your claim Japaoe e Catarrh Cure the only real and case, tell you tho exact disease from which j permanent cure.
I Vasta is the most brilliant of the moxtihàL, TORONTO, Ottawa . Qüæb
»bfio!utely noihng. Prefewaor Adkin will derived from Japanese Catena Cure that 1 | smaller planets. It is visible to the	I
°LhlJ ^rvo OU, new: "ould lik*.\° TakeJhl* "omlcrful me d cine naked eye. Its diameter Is 300 miles BURNS AND BRUISES
Cur. Other,1*" T°h7.'b&C^? “2 ¥«.* I	ra’S.1!! I only, and its surface is hut a ninth I °	"	* U U ®
how Professer Adkin will cure
i r
THE PADLOCK Tit ADI
The shadow of tho moon which Marmadukc falls on tho earth during un eclipse to bo a perfect of tho sun is usually about 50 miles Assistant/—''Indeed	she is. in diameter.
of a	——
Proprietor — "Mrs Flinghammer scorns lady
Why, she never asks tho price u I thing she buys."
1
Mlnafd’s Liniment for safe everywhere
THF MOST NUTRITIOUS.
The last great Indian famine fected 54 million people caused by a deficiency of j l inches in the rainfall.
af-
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL* COMFORTING.
COCOA
and was
w p. c. hot
THE MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE
BREAKFAST-SUPPER

US
o
Queen
Cholly—"Yaas, sevcwal years ago I fell deeply in love will* a girl, but she wojected me—made a wegular fool of me." Molly—"And you never got over it ?"
Preserve» the teeth
Sweetens the breath
I
Strengthene the gume
Beachville Lady
Brass Band
Beware or Ointments for Catarrh I that contain Mercury
Is mercury will Hirely destroy the eenio of umell and completely derange the whole *y»>teni when en boring it through the murons surfaces.
TOWN can have a band
damage they will do le ten Lid to tho good you ! Lowest prioee ever Quoted, Fine catalogue can possibly derive from them. Ha Vs Catarrh fiOOlllaetratlme, mailed free. Write us for any Cure, manufactured by F.J. Cheney 5c Co.. To | thing In Haste er U ml cal lustrum»»!*.
WHALEY BOYCE & CO., Limited,
Toronto, Ont. .=d W.nnipe,,
It ie t^kenintornaliy.and made In Toledo	PT A KJ I M
Ohio, by F. J. Cheney & Co. Testimonials y"	¦ ¦ w Vfl
LADIES’...
in its Worst Form
Instrumenta, Drums, Uniforms. Etc
strength mid dairy capacity, and wi>!iul is beautiful, and when she walks around without any apparent | Effort, with bond u little up and no-
mi
t«ccs things without being, wild or timid, and with graceful movements, then she becomes attractive and is hard to beat in the show ring.
The lirM prize Ayrshire cow nt the
Pan-America a



I no
WALKINE

WF* -à


0
OR
OUTINQ SUITS
Can be dene perfectly by our French Procès». Try
BRITI8M AMERICAN DY1INC CO.
fro»
Sold by Druggists, price 75c per bottle IUil'a Family Pills are the beet.
possessed most of these qualities in an eminent degree.
great dairy capacity,
¦mah the largest udder of any cow in the ring, probably a trifle too clant i », the
well placed, body covered with the lines* skin, unctuous, loose and elastic. with tho finest and silkiest hair
cow exhibited. She stood With a straight back and not nome did, with their hind legs very much under them and a hump in the back. She is wedge-shaped ; has prominent milk veins ; is compactly built : has an attractive eye, a beautiful head and manners that were queenly and always attractive, either when standing or walking. If scored by the scale of points adopted by
the Ayrshire Breeders' Association
in January of this yeuV, in my judg-	PH OF. THUS. F. ADKIN,
ment, she would rank above any tint President of tho Inutituto of Phyetoians and stood at first above her in «ho g#cat	tiurgeom
ring of great Ayrshire vows at - the Pan-American.
e
Al
•S h
showed
M # s&*	rtm
Jour» j ou. It fully for years. There was almost a (Distant drop- of I end completely describes the nature of his Pingin rnv throat and my breath was very wonderful tre tment Italieexulalne to you i objectpnaole to others. Nothing I could get 1 how you yourself may po-t en this great heal *av® m® A”7 permanent relief until I used iog power and cure the sick around you.
Professor Adkin does not n-k nr* o«nf
pen
Ayrshire type, teat
Soreness removed at onoe. No ..... n Ci	scar left If CILEADINE Is promptu
1Minaril’s Liniment Cures Dandiuff, «‘cïlîfdiiie^u/BÎÜÎî?eoïîîï
Large Boxes 25c. Prugglste, ov Clleadlne Co., Toronto.
j
a (Distant drop- of Lu rope
!
oseor Adkin does not a^k ore cent for audit worked wonders In my case. I have his services in this connection. They will be I not now the least evmpton of catarrh, and given to you absolutely free. He hoe made a cannot praise this remedy too highly
wonderful discovery, and he wlstoi to phee Japanese Catarrh C ure is the only permanent | many produced together 7,700.000
âë!3uftââü£ aEvSSréSS sz
•ina! when you writ#, and nv one tat I ChurchToroutc	combined product was 23 million
vSTSTà!	---- t0IiS t0 Britain^mi,lions.
hir,'~ ;ic.a,^c,“s 111 ^‘o newspapers xo <FRe A <<,u> i\ dm: oaf.
About tl^ clanger of contagion from Take laxative liromo Quinine Tablets kissing are vorv alarming. Don't1 druggists refund the money if it fails to cure, you think so ?" She—"Weil, per- ^ v>* Grove's signature is on each bo*. il3e.
women admire courage	H
iu a man."
Of D
In 1884 the United States and (
as
* 'Ï
Dominion Line Steamships
LiTcrp®®1- Boston to Liver pool. Portland to Liverpool Via Querns-town
as:
Mass îsJSssaÆ
Sï.lCïïStsU ‘wt,”,en- **pl' «• mJ

A 1
tie corn or meal to fit them for the butcher.
Bictsrds. Mills ft Co, T7 nkatsBt.
D. Torranee ft Oo.
Of the 100,000 million pounds of fibre annually produced in the world for manufacturing purposes cotton amounts to over half the total amount.
TIIE POULTRY YARD.
_____	Those who keep ducks or geese
si I SZ,«r?	I iwfi Liniment llelim fa*
,	tea.*1' “or”' """	..
ment.	The farmer is just ns much entitled +
Professor Adkiuheale not by druys, nor by to cut of the fruit of his own hen *
rooH, ns of his own .p„,e tm*. : f-abue yeyrhic force of nature In combination Dont sell all the fowls you raise, i o I .r.tlrcerinio vital magnetic remedial which Tînt some of them.	1	»
J"0 leafy branches of the trees arc ! :
Adkii and was oAkod to invite all readers of dll right for summer roosting pinces, #
yvoo o ^PhOTO k NOR AVI NG_J 10 ADELAIDE ST W TORONTO)
I
»:ms
FEEDING HOGS.
All farmers understand that hogs grow faster and can he kept more

:
«
l
i


l
à


wl
«

GROWING BABIES
m
2
«
Cured without Drugs,
Plasters or Liniments
Need Watchful Care to Prevent Overfeeding and the Evils
*
for aiwUtance. " Some people have declared.
ia!d Professor Adkin, “thet my powers are oi Wasted on half-frozen poultry
¦ Ti»t Folio». SSSSEESSsE?	I :
All children nt some period of then I mbtle force of nature to build up the system have ({uallfications for tho business !
“SHUSHES ass	i 8
¦I symptoms of these troubles greatly have made, nor th«# ability to develop i hem it and a certain quality, which for the e
¦ ¦ ti&Sst -Æ ï «“ySS s:	:
overfeeding, l itis results sometimes science 1 pracilc. to all who i ra suffering, 1 I try keeping.	•
in diarrhoea, soinettaiw in constipa-
tioil. In either the tient ment is to are tro bled wiihany kind of disease and i i	nvj avoid leifii?
remove the cause, and this can only will thoroughly di»gno*e their oases and	wn ingj.
sufi rttis ÔW-S	si •
lets ff a purely vegetable medicine serious their eases, no.* how hopolo.e ihoy . way to avoid this is to stretch a ‘ •
:
the so-called soothing medicines. Sogreit is ihe tentai Ion wrought in the hind the animals over tho walk. Put e
Mothers who once use Moby's Own	bT'lTofew* Adkin	"" ,rlng on a ,ir*t- however. Fnsten %
Tablets for their little ones never af- professional gent emen were a*ked to investi a harness snap to tlie ring. Snap # ter cxiieriuicilt with other medicines, gate the cures. Among thase geut ionien were your lantern handle into the snap •
«tid always speak of them in the tràtoV bSh te2.oLa,ld ,movo Uio ring along wherever % highest terms. Mrs. Geo. IL John- eon». After a thor. ugn and pafndsklng >ou happen to Ik* working Of course • stoy, Wall street, Brockvillc, says ^asligatj»	1^1*3 mnke th<> wirc high enough to bo •
l have been using Baby ’s Own Tab- profiyeor Adkin and the won. erful efticacy of ?ui of t,u* way of stock and lelA for over a year, always keep VitooHihr ihuibey volunieored tu fo sake head. No kicking the light them in the house and always find	i'#< jn^lio,end mil other kinds of setting the barn on fire this wax
them satisfactory. If my little hoy—| ---;------------------------------------—-r
two years of age—is troubled with None know tuee but to love thoj, noue named thee but tu \ raise.”
constipatit n, indigestion or diar-|	It Is singulsr that so»e ef the most besutifal poetry ever written 1* applicable to
rhoca, I give him the tablets and he is soon relieved. The tablets regulate the bowels and do not cause after constipation us many medicines do. r have also found them beneficial in teething."
Baby's Own Tablets are a certain cure for all the minor ailments of little ones such as colic, sour stomach, constipation, indigestion, diarrhoea, etc. Children take them readily, and crushed or dissolved in water they can be given with good results to the youngest infant. Sold by druggists or sent post paid nt 25 cents a box by nddctwsing the Dr. Williams'
Medicine C*., Brock ville. Ont.
*
ff,
A
NO CUBE, NO PAY
k
/
é
r
's /

i
y J There is
no need to suffer torturing pains and ruin your stomach with drugs when you can be completely cured in from one day to a few weeks. Read the evidence :—*
v*

o

z.
m
IP;
i

14 * was suffering* from rheumatism all over my body before I got your Belt and In three months was entirely
cured "-William Aidons, 214 Christie ! street, Toronto

4
c

I
/

“I am glad to say that my pheu matlc pains are gone and I have not had a lame back sine» I put the Belt on.
Joseph Littlejohn, Markdale, Ont
“ The best day's work I ever done was to come to Toronto see you, as It was a newstart •
In life. I was nearly drawn double with pain, but there Is not a trace of It left”-S Nick 2
erson, Niagara Falls South, Ont.	2
I am pleased to tell you that I am well, and that after giving your Be t a fair trial I •	"
am completely cured of rheumatlam "-Henry Hale, 2JB Bay street N, Hamilton.	•
l
J,

V
your over, nor
i «
Or. McLaughlin's Electric Belt
e
e CALL TO-DAY. Consultation free.
:	OR. IW. d. MCLAUGHLIN, 130 Venge St., Toronto, Ont.
9



OFFICE HOUR8-9«.m. to 8.30 p.m.
O
—. ****** -k .Sr




à
fc- .a
###PAGE###4###

OUR XMAS AND NEW YEAR CARD
THE EQUITY.
SMART & SMITH
MASSEY-HARRIS
Wc are Eye
Experts
We succeed In restoring perfect sight end removing eyestrain,
X
SHAWVILLE
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE, DEC. 26, 1901.
To all our Patrons we extend the compliments of the season.
• — *
We would take this opportunity of drawing your attention to some of the main features of ou* business :
Quality First Square Dealing Prices Right.
Goods sold for Cash or Trade only.
These with constant attention to our business have brought us a reward in progress and increase in custom.

#%

The 1>ig six-thousand name petition from the citizens of Ottawa, asking for the removal of lit Mayor Morris dis-«tuaiideation took no effect on th t invulnerable tribunal, and W. l>. consequently will remain under the ban, so far am municipal honors areconcwned, for twoyears.
equipped ourselves with the best modern appliances which, with our CKuert Knowledge and e* perlence, insures »uc*
The Celebrated
New Williams
Sewing Machines.
cm

A Good Conservative Speech.
/


?
? Sir Wilfrid
It was a gtMx! speech Laurier» at Toronto. When we put a side the fact that Sir Wilfrid and his party have taken over the Conservative policy holus bolus, it must he admitted that he is a clever imitator, and, after all imitation is the aincerest flattery. There was a robust Canadian sentiment in his declaration of Conviction that Canada can without the Vuited States and

!
«r
m
K>
A
<
y


' "THE DRUG STORE”
-J A. H. BOX
-1>	Optician
o
get cm
timi bettor markets in the empire; his further declarations that protection is “all right," and l'kely to remain so is satisfactory and there was a pleasant patriotic optimism in his assertions that within a decade or two Canada will he the greatest wheat producing country in the world as well as the chief rival of the United States in iron and steel products. I	||/	’	1/	¦
That's the way to talk. This country is ¦	U	QQI1	JO	K |	II
too modest. We like to hear our states-	fl	£40 1 1	î V	II !	I
men do a bit of swagger occasionally.— I ^
Ottawa Citizen.
SHAWVILLE <04? P.Q.
Intending Buyers should see the fine
display of these Machines
now in stock at
:o:
MACFARLANE BROS.
O

SMART & SMITH’S
Beginning with the New Year I hjive decided to conduct my business on a new basis, by selling for
Veracious McHugh
A NEWLY RE-BUILT N|ILL
Toronto, Dec. 10.—The Evening Tele
gram’s London correspondent
hsui- sac «« «• hrm mma «*•
from his trip to Canada and the l nited States. Already he is trying to till up the hearts of the home rulers with false hopes. Addressing a meeting at Cork, his first public utterances since his return, he said
u 1 never heard more enthusiastic i<heeis than those that were given in Canada for the gallant men, against a handful of whom 250,000 British soldiers were fighting.
McHugh'
CLARENDON ROLLER MILLS.
cables :
1901
By this method I expect to be enabled to dispose of goods at the smallest possible margin of profit to myself and a corresponding advantage to those who favor me with* their esteemed patronage. : :
1901
The Best Flour and the Largest Returns for your wheat is Our Ambition.
OR
OREMOST
URNITURE.
We desire to have you and our Flour meet. There is a basis for a firm friendship between us after you ; ; and the Flour have argued it over. : :

With many thanks for past favors I wish all my customers the compliments of the season, and trust the year 1902 may he to them one of prosperity and happiness. : : ::
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you'll prove it.
s remarks tried to convey the impression that the Canadians w ere in sympathy with the Boers. It might he remarked that Mr. McHugh, only a short time ago, was released from jail after having served a term for intimidation.
We have a Large Stock of Everything in our Line.
HighQst Pries paid for Hard Milling Wheat-
JAMES WILSON.
Silas Young,
Binder Twine 1902
We have also a first-class assortment of
Toronto, Dec. 10.—Opening prices for binder time for use next ?oaacn are about to be issue 1 to the wholesale daal-?*rs are by r.o me ms comforting t > the firming community. The prospective rates are much higher than they have been for many years, and it is a peculiar fact that the farmer will have to pay more under tree trrde for his twine than when there was a tariff on the American article. Opening prices to wholesalers are from 10 cents to 10A cents a pound for standard, compare! with cents a year ago. Sisal has gone up t wo cents a pound over last year, and it shows signs of a still further advance Manil'a hemp is also up considerably and some idea of the incr.ae may be gathered from t’le fact that the pure manilla rope it now quoted at 15À cents a found compared with 13A a year ago, and Sisal tope at 12 cents, c .mpared with 91 cents.
Toronto men in forecasting prices today, said that next year the farmer will h ive to pay at least 15 cents or 10 cents a pound. Ic i* pointed out that the pas* year has been an extraordinary one in the twine business. The consumption has bren phenomenal, mainly because of the great western harvest. The big cord plants and prisons on the continent which manufacture t wine su'd out almost completely, something that is qui'e unusual. New raw material will therefore have to be procured this year. As the Philippines is the principal source of supply high rates will obtain, the war throughout those islands is seriously interfering with the output.
Starke’s
Corners.
ri;nsox.\i. attî ntion.
THE FAVORITE
CM A HO KM MOUKKATK.	»
FATISFACTION «VMIAttTKFJ».
THF.MS RRASONABLF.
1
SHAWVILLE.
J. GRAHAM
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
>
FOR SERVICE
I
HE SHAWVILLE
T
FRESH and CURED
i'nre bred Yorkshire Hog. Fee 31.00. Apply to (ï. 11. ALLEN,
Clarendon,
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
I
MEATS
SASH and DOOR
AT
Pure bred large Yorkshire Hog “Cham-nion/' bred from the best registered stock in Ontario. Fee—$1.00 for one or $1.50 for two sows.
WELLINGTON SMART,
Stark's Corners-
Pure bred Yorkshire Hog. Fee $1.00. Apply to	.T AS. BALLANT INK,
Bristol.
WAINMAN’S.

FACTORY
_y
of all kinds at
(Formerly McCredie & IJodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
THE SHAWVILLE
tyeat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
Service
Pure bred Yorkshire Hog. fee—$1.00.
.IAS. ARMSTRONG.
Green Lake.
-o—
c
Large English Berkshire, pure bred. Won tir.->t prize at Shaw ville tins year. Service fee—one dollar.
being fully equipped with
VP . TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PVni.IC MAY RELY ON GETTING ::	HOOD WORK DONE. ::	"
Proorietor.
\ full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
ALEX. BEAN,
Portage Road.
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
HONG KEE
A Scotchman by birth, Mr Wi’s n went to Iowa when 10 years of age, became one of the successful and leading men in the state, and was dieted to ongress. After that he was urged to accept the position of director of the State Agricultural Experiment station it. Atr.es, Iowa, and soon raised that institution into a position <f national eminence by reason of its efficiency and excellence. Mr Grisdale, agriculturist of the Central Experimental farm, is one of many who there finished their course in agilculture. Since Mr. Wilson has been in Washington ho has strengthened Lit department by enlarg ing the opportunities of the best men whom he found in office there and by new appointments of men from the varions states who have come to the very front. The secretary of agricultural was greatly preased with the plan Prof. Robertson laid before him for improvement of the rural schools in Canada, and promised hii mrst hearty cooperation in the scheme. With Secretary Wda:n'a consent several a peels lifts in the depai tment who have international reputations for their work in plant industeriea, animal industrie*, soil investigations and etomology have promised to come to Canada and by personal counsel, and lectures to special classe* of teacher*, will help on the movement. It is not improbable that its encceie in Csnada will lrad to the adoption of a similiar system io the United Sûtes.
G. B. WAINMAN, SHAWVILLE.
J
CHINESE LAUNDRY,
A full stock of Doors. Sash, Mouldings. Turnings, Etc., will be kept hand and Custom Work done as usual.
p. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
Next door to Miss A. McRae's,
Agricultural Course in Canadian
Schools
on
Main Street, - Shawville.
THE MARKETS.
earth. No 1 cannt t M you where it wi:l be boated, nor who the rnen are that are in it, but it is sure to como "
*» Why will theie works be located *n
Canads ?"
« Because this is the beat place in the world for them. Canada has or will have the chevpeit steel in the world, labor coats leu than it does in the United States and the facilities for cheap shipping are the beat on the continent. The locomotives will be aold in Canada and in Europe, or wherever there is a demand for engine*. They can be made more economically here than any where else and therefore they can be aold anywhere in the world. The demand for locomotives is growing steadily. New railways are being built in Europe, in Asia, in South Africa, and in South America, and old engines are wearing. The demand was never so heavy am at the present time.
HR WILLIAM MACDONALD WILL ENDOW IT.
Laundry work of all kinds done in first-class style.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 68 to 00c.
Oats per bushel, 40 to 45c.
Pease per bushel, 63 to 70c. _
Buckwheat, 45c. per bush.
Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Eggs, per dozen, 00 to I5c.
Butter, per pound, 00 to 15c.
Ducks, per lb. 6 to 7 cents.
Chickens, per lb. 5 to C cents.
Turkeys, per lb 8 to 0 cents.
Pork per 100 lbs.. $6.50 to $0.75. Beef, per 100 lbs., $3.75 to $4.00. Wool, per pound. 14 to 10c. Pelts, each, 40 to 50c.
Hides, $5.50 to $5.75. • Calf-kins, 35 to 40 cents each.
OTTAWA
ROBERT C. HODGINS.
Through the generosity of Sir William Mmdonsld a system of practical instruction is about to be introduced in the rural schools of Canada which w;Il form quite as important an adjunct to the education of the rural yonth as manual training is tow acknowledged to be in the instruction of pupils in the schools in towns and cities.
Prof. J. \V. Ilobartton, commissioner of dairying and agricu'ture, to whom Sir William entrusted his splendid gift of $150,000 for the establishment and maintenance of the manual training system, has just returned fiom a mission to Washington which ensures the cooperation of the ablest specialists of the United States in laying a solid foundation for this educational scheme for rural schools.
Prof. Robert son had a series of conference, in Washington with Hon. James Wilson secretary of agricultuie in President Roosevelt's cabinet, in regard to what could be done to improve education in the rural schools so as to render farm life more attractive and enjoyable to boys and gir'H in the country, Sir William McDonald having accepted the plan for improvement in the country schools educa tion, which was substantially the same as presented to the Dominion Educational association here last summer. The department of agiiculture of the United titstes issues the most valuable and comprehensive works in reference to the science and art of agriculture that are published by any government. Indeed, this department has won for the United S atee administration a reputation in European couutriea such as has not bfen according to any other department of the i?overnment*eervice. In Secretary Wilton Prof. Robertson found a man of keen intellect and practical knowledge and strongly in sympathy with his own plans.
OHAWVI LIE’S
V new
Here it is ! The Place
SASH and DOOR
>
FACTORY.
i
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
won
In connection with my former bùsi ness I have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the nmn ufacture of all kinds of
k
Drop in Sugar.
Sash,
Montreal. Die. 18—The feature of the situation of late hat been the re-
Butter, print, 20c. per lb.
palls. 18 to 19c. per lb. Eggs, fresh, 25c. per ooz. Potatoes, 90c. per bag.
Lamb, 6 to 8c. per lb.
Mutton, 4 to6c. per lb.
Beef, 3$ to 5&c. per lb.
Pork. $0.50 to $7.75 per 100. Chickens, 45 to 00c. a pair. Oats, 48 to 50c. per bushel. Hay, $6.00 to $9.00 per ton. Wool, 13 to 14c. per lb.
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Hepairiqg
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS
newed weakness in the foreign market for raw beet, and pr c*s bava (Wined to 7a 3-4d for Decamber, and the indications are that prices will go still lower, as the latest cablo advices to hand rep >rt that Mr. Leitch hss again increased his estimate of the European beet sugar crop by 280,000 tons, making s total crop of 6,710,000 tons, and he predicts a farther increase. The European best sugar crop
of 1900 01 was 7,068,994 tors In sympathy with the above and the limited demand at tbit tea ion, two of the leading American.sugar refiners reduced prices on all grades of refined today 10c per 100 lb*, but the trust one did not. There was no change in the local market, bnt the indications are the local refiners will follow
Doors Mouldings,
41
J
To Build Locomotives.
Montreal, Dec. 18.—“ Canada will tom have the largest locomotive works in the world n This statement was made by Mr.
W. J. Arkell, of New York, this morning, in his private car in the Windsor depot. Mr. Arkell is interested in the locomotive manufacturing business, being one of the men behind the American locomo live works. Until the Canadian locomo live works promised by Mr. Arkell are completed, the American company will probably continue to be the largest in the world. It ie at the present time.
•• I cannot go Into details, Mr. Arkell
continued, “ but, mark my words, within	.
two years Canada will have a locomotive up the above decline in t te near future.
Tamings, Stc.
For which I am now prepared to re eeive orders and guarantee first-class work.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future increase in business»

have reduced the prices of Refining sugar ten points.
•>
Shawville.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
Steve Barnes a watchman at the smallpox pest house in Plymouth near Wilkeebire, Pa., was frozen to death
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.

>
a


? *****
;
y
WfJb A







###PAGE###5###
- **eâà4

ï
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
g p Hodqins Store Count7 PontU*'» Largest Wm-Eobss.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
THE EQUITY,
The
Court Shawville,
No tne.
# e e e
, I.O.F
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY
AT SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE. SUBSCRIPTION-$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.
mi
m
Meets the 4tU Wednesday of every mouth.
Court dues must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. 8. BarneYT.F.S
Is showing Pleasing Xmas Gifts for the first Christmas of tt\e flew Century.
Gifts that are suitable for THE LADIES,
GENTLEMEN and CHILDREN.
L.B.C
J. A. Cowan, it 8.
WINTER WANTS:
John Beckett, C. it.,
:o:
ADVERTISING RATES:
Udh\ advertising, eight rent* per line for firm Insertion wiul four cents per line for ttaoh subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch in* sorted at #1.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at lh* rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notloSs pub-j tilled free of charge. Obituary poetry three ^utsper line.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
Before placing your orders for winter sup-piles be sure and have a look over our new and complete stock of_J##*^
The spot for—
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
m
Cutters Robes Blankets
For Ladies :
»
VT Your Turn next.
IN FURS —Capes, Capelines, Muffs, Huffs, Caps.
HANDKERCHIEFS—An eneless variety in Silk, Initialed, Plain and Fancy.
NOVELTIES—Neck Ribbons, Gloves, Ties, Mitts, Shawls.
CEO. HYNES,
*
JOB PRINTING.
a Wended to.

FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
Rug’s,
Bells Whips, &c.
ê	_________
BEST GOODS.
Business Cards.
1
For Gentlemen :
MEDICAL.
F.M.A. McMaughton, B. M.D..C.M.
New Christmas Neckwear, New Christinas Scarfs, New Suspenders, New Gloves, Mitts, Shirts and Underwear.
A large, wolVseleeted and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices
to suit all classes.
---- #
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of Itune-ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
Graduate or McGill University,,
ftpflvc —Residence of the late Dr. H. H
0^ce°Xhoura -Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
LOWEST PRICES.
I Pretty Gifts
Lovely Xmas Gifts
Fancy Table and Piano Drapes, Ladies’ Beautiful Silk Ties.
A. SMILEY.
CHOICE STOCK OF
Christmas and Holiday Goods
D. B. ALEXANDER, M D, C. M.
Fancy Glassware, Fancy China, Toilet and Dinner Sets.
F. t. m. c.
Graduate of Trinity Uutversity, Toronto ; O radiate
University. Toronto. Fellow by

of Victoria
examination of Trinity Med. College. Toronto.
It J. U ?rmstroho'» Horn*,
District and Country.
Omet amd RMintMceHJ I
MAIN STREET - - SHAWV1LLK.
Dr. Roddick, M. P., hie betn nomine-to succeed Dr. Craik, at dian of McGill medical faculty.
The outbreak of smallpox in Ottawa hat coat the city $15.000 already, and this sum will be largely increased.
A tire in the Canadian Cork Cutting company'» factory, Montrai, did damage estimated at nearly $75,000.
The amount of timber exported thr< u<h the port of Montreal this yeir was 2211, 237,917 feet, a decrease of 17,298.228 foot as compared with the season of 1900.
Smith's
Falls costs $250. A Montreal dealer paid that amount to the F. S. treasurer last week to avoid a tine.
The Rjnfrew poultry fair did not come up to expectation* this ynv, but a lot of poultry changed hinds, and a large crowd visited the town on the day of the fair.
Elmond Limbert la do id at Quebec as the result of a quarrel in a hotel at Thet-ford mines. His assailant, Grégoire, will bj arrested.
Kingston, Djc. 19.—Tlvs morning the frozen body ot Charles Lyon, aged £0, was found near his home in Steiring-ton township. Lyon wanderi d off in the darkness ou Saturday night, and when the snow began falling he lay down and expired.
The at n mucen-ent from 8;. John’s, Newfoundland, that Signor Marconi has aucoeodt d in communicating with the coast of Cornwall by wireless telegraphy, marks ano her epoch iu the discoveries in connection with electrical science.
Choice Xmas Groceries,
LEGAL.
Fresh Peels, Spices nod Essences, Choice 2s cw Eaisins and
Currants, Canned Goods, Fancy Biscuits,
Clioice Teas and Coffee.
B0URBEAÜ RAINVILLE, L. L. L
)
A T
BRYSON,
ADVOCATE
# #
J.F.GRONAU’S, LADYSMITH.
WM. GAMBLE,
Our Toy Department is simply Bewildering.
To the Public we extend the Season’s choicest ' compliments, and to everybody a very Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
Yours, respectfully,
BARRISTER, &o.'
Room 20, Trust Building. No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
Shawvtlle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Wire-over O. F. Hodgtns' Store. Main St.
Books, Toys, Jewellery,
Candies and Confectionery,
Fresh Groceries, Dried Fruits,
Raisins, Currants, Spices, Essences.
See our Stock before making your Xmas purchases. You will find the goods up to date and prices right..........................
J. F. GRONAU -	.. LADYSMITH.
At
A transient tr ider's license in
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
G.F.HODGINS
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC*,
OF THE PROVING8 OF QUEBEC,
Trust Building-^	ottawA.
Phone No. 1324.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
I

Catholic church, and their elfarts were
successful.	...
The destruction of the hospital will
oause much inconvenience to the patients. The building that was erected as an Old M ins Horn 3 will probably be converted into an hospital. .
The hospital was built of brick and was constructed about 20 years ag). It is considered likrly that anew hospital * II erected next year on the site ef the burned building.
BUBBER»
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L,
ADVOCATE, dec..
LAW CHAMBERS } hvLL^^WVe!
OSBPH RODGERS’
J
smwm
correspondents.


L
m
rw
¦m
IUI
¦ *¦
# '
V)f4Fhi RODd AM sadHti.

Three River*, Que., has the honor of ihe firjt longdistance electrio power transmission plint in Cinada. The power come froins Grand Chute, on tho Batscan River sixteen ohalf miles from the c.ty, and operates 0,000 10 candle power incandescent lamps, and 87 1,200 candle-power arc lamps.
Winnipeg, DtC. 19. —Premier R'bhn and Premier Haultain met. at Indian Head last night and discussed the proposed amalgamation of Assinaboia and Manitoba before about a thousand people. Politics had no p!a:e in the meeting for once. At the end of the debate it was easily seen that the spirit of the audience wai against Assinaboia being annexed to Manitoba.
W. W. IRELAND,
9.

Over $2,200 has already been subscribed at Ottawa for the purpose of erecting a monument to the late Mr, Harper who risk d and i at hi* life in a vain endeavor Miss Blair and her friend from
Clerk of the District Magistrates’ Court.
MoTwe^e”..executed	%
factortly.
HKPMiMMHi que.
s. A. MACKAY. B.C.L.,
money to loan on easy terms.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be In Shawville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
Genuine Pocket Knives
XT
V
Syou can stub your foot but you cannot stub the rubber.
With
Cast Steel to the backcone, 3| inch handle. Price 25 cents ; postage 5 cents.
SHAWVILLE
to save
drowning.
A French Canadian living in Rhode M<nd town was recently presented by his third wife with his forty fifth child. His first wife gave birth to several pairs of twins and his second presented him with three sets of triplets. This man is liable to develop a French problem in the l tilted States.
gffl8	will outwear two pairs
of common rubbers.
Write for Catalogue of other sizes.
McDOTJGALL & CTTZNER, Hardware Merchants, -
is imitated by every rubber manufacturer, but your dealer knows the genuine from the imitation. No imitation has our specially manufactured Rope Canvas, the only fabric which can be thoroughly impregnated with the Para Gun,
Sussex St. Ottawa.
Sold by All Newsdealers
Oil in Egypt
A Writ known minister who has so extraordinary amount of good sense in his make-up, while soliciting subscriptions for the chnrch said : “ I do not want any to eonttibute who have not paid their subscription to their local paper, for the local paper needs money a great deal more than the heathen.
About two months ago Mr. H. F. Coburn and son, Mr. Robert K. Coburn, went to the Northwest from Stafford to live. Robert took typhoid fever some time afterwards and on Tueiday of last week he died in the Edmonton hospital. The deceased was a bright, smart young man of about 23 years of age and his death is the first in the family.
J. J. TURNER,
London, Dec. 20th.—'The Daily Tele graph publishes a despatch from its Cirio correspondent to the effect that operator» empleyed by the petroleum syndicate after working for two years at Oeb El-Geit, Suez, have encountered petroleum in the sand at a depth of 2,11.» feet. A terrific gas flow followed the discovery and caused an explosion which wrecked the boring plants and blocked up the well. The discovery ia considered important, continues the correspondent, as pointing to the existence of oil fields
in Egypt.
PEPP
The Dominion By Elections.
tao
LICENSED AUCTIONEER tor the County
¦«¦I
HÜ
like


ON JANUARY 15th.
m
ARB TO Bl HELD
Don't buy unless the words	I
are stamped upon the sole of each rubber. All others are frauds
upon the public.
LEATHER TOP St
tiie best on the market, G inch, 9-inch and x 13-inch tops, with Rolled Edge and Heels. They arc carried in stock, and your dealer can order them for you^
The J. D. KING CO., Ltd. gjjJ <jfaf
Have exclusive control of all
r a
if
At a meeting of counc 1 last i nursday it was decided to have writs issued at once for the Dominion by elections in West Durham, West York, Addington, Kingston and West Hastings in Ontario ; in Laval, St. James Division of Montreal, Btauce and L’Islet, Quebec, and in West Queens, P.E I.
Nominations will take pace on >> ed noaday, January 8th, and polling Janu ary 15th. Returning Officers were ap-
^The election in West York, N.B , will
be held December 28th.
The remainder of the sixteen vacancies in the Commons are those in L’.sgsr, for which the lists are now being prepared; Terrebonne cr Matsunneuve, either of which will be opened when Mr. Pre-foDtiine’e election trial has been conceded; and Victoria, DC, and Beauhamoie as to which the Secretary of State has nut yet received legal notice of vacancy.	:|g SE 1 ^
fp q 9 a'zift.e

hotels.
Furnishes Monthly to all lovers of Song and Music a vast volume of Htw, Choice Copyright Compositions by tbe most popular surnon. 64 Pages of Piano Music, half Vocal, half Instrumental- a 1 Complete Pieces for Plano—Ones a Month for a$ Cents. Yearly Subscription, $ a.00. If you will send us the name and address of Fivi performers on the Plano or Organ, we will send you a copy of the Magazine Free.
J. W. PEPPER, Publisher, _ Eighth a Locust Sts., Philadelphia, Pa.
Ou*
St. Lawrence Hall,
_____-Mrs C M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bur always wellfuinlebed.
First-class Livery attached.
Colonies Could End Jt.
Wellington, N. Z., Dec. 18—The premier, Mr. U. J. Seddon, addressing yes terdav the New Zealand troops which have just returned from South Africa, referred in severe terms to the British war office and its attempts to snub the colonies. He considered that if the colonials had been given a freer hand and had been îo s bound by red tape, the results would htvt'betn bottêr. Should tho British army be required elsewhere, the premier added, Canada and the other colonies could now easily finish the war.
New Plan For Training Horses.
San Francisco, Nov. 21—Thomas H. Williams, Jr., president of the new California Jockey Club, is about to try an experiment in preparing horses for ihe track. The well-known horsemen is a believer in the theory that horses should not be put tha track until they have reached their maturity. He believes that 2-year-olds are neither itrorg nor w;s> enough to do themselves justice. Mr. Williams intends buying a number of yearlings and colts and sending them to Oregon. It is his
Rubbers
Last Wednesday’s Pembroke Standard saya : The people on the other side of the Ottawa do not take much interest in the scheme to bridge the river at Pembroke, if one is to jndge from the fact that at the meeting called at Chape yesterday to discuss that question, there was no audience present, though Mr T. Murrey, M. P , and Mr. D. Gillies, M. p p. note there with addresses on the matter. It is hinted that the speakers might have waited a little longer to see if the crowd would gather. People in the country do not generally attend meetings till after twelve o'clock.
packages of money wrapped in yarn and sewed into the lining of an old skirt.— These packages were found to contain currency folded three times and so old and muity that the bills stuck together, the aggregate sum was $1,500 The genesis of money finding only inspired further investigation, and the next success was some equally rid currency in older B.ble. There was $800 in money and first-class securities amounti lg to $1,000. Next $000 was found behind an old picture on the wall, and several huudie Is m »ra in old tin cans, cupboard in iht dining iomi>ero $3,000. Total, $8,000.
intention to allow the horses to browse on the rich grass and gain strength, roaming over the country. He will not permit them to grow wild nor will he have them trained. He will simply have them lidden from time to time for the purpose of ac / cuatoming them to the work they will have to do on the track, w here he is confident, they will demonstrate the correctness of his theory.
or near
<8
au
I

PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and
JEWELLER
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK OF
WATCHES,
CLOCKS, JEWELLERY,
silverware
dkc. *e.
H&

*n


ÆFJ



f
The Mouse.
Winnipeg, Man., DtC. In —An order irsued today by James Penrose, chief license inspector for Manitoba, ordering all hotelkeepers in the pr wince to ro-move all blinds from bare, aid also warn-iug them that the government is determined to rigidly enforce the lyr against the sale of liquor during prohibited hours.
Dr. Mono, Toulouse, reporta great im-prerement in potatoes aie
In a
This Widow’s Mite was a Bonanza.


Mattawa Hospital Burned.
Mattawa, Dec, 17 -The large general hospital was completely destroyed by fire this morning. The patients were all rescued, in some cases with difficulty, and they have been accommodated in various houus throughout the town. The loss ia estimated to be between $40,000 and $50,000, partially covered by insurance. It ia supposed that the fire originated in the furnace rooms. The citizens tornvei out and aided firemen. They worked like Trojans to save the adjacent Roman

was
9 »
':,d
Ripon, Wis , Dec. 7.—For 30 years Rosanna Fuller, a widow, has been noted as the maker and seller of the best butter in the country. Before breathing her last, ihe notified a lif >lurg friend and neighbor that if search were made in the pantry and in an old bureau drawer which she specified, some money would be found.
A search in the pantry resulted in tie
gold in an old pit ¦¦•even

Spectrograph Inventor.



Repaîriwo—
a Speciality;
¦
- r >' «•,
TBl.KPIl >NB CONVERSATIONISTS CAN NOW
SEE ONE ANOTHER
SH1WVILLE, 8
London, December 16—0. R. by ventre, American physician in Brusse's, has, sija a Daily Mail telegraph from that city, invented a spectrograph, which enables • parson using a telephone to see the individual to whom he n speaking.
on
Nellie Kelley, Philadelphia, aged five years, and her ten month oi l sister, It la. were burned to death as the result < playing with matches, while Mrs James Kelley, their mother, is in a hospital severely burned.
an
cases of diabetes when tube.ilutel for bread diet.
finding of $1,290 in cher. In the bureau drawer were



He
a _

###PAGE###6###
. U



\
X
l -

ill
ggggteeil
mis
ltt4n ' aLh- Various the. k to you it,ms» -
Thi
two
reason
MALARIAL SOIL POISON
\

great .g
it is the basic lisJunent in Mshopsgato
, end j some refreshment. While eating c;\n Jh>; vcry well beefsteak pie his false teeth
he to violent contact with a button or,
witii the shank of a stud and knock- f C.rman to secure his prize
' are from fifty to out,

on it. In one form ration
of the German army
<
t
t
I
l
>
h
t
n
a
h
h
V
tl
p(
tl
d
ti
am-
mar-
t)

di
are
m
ti
Pr
at
TO CURE BAD TEMPER
to
tl)
A Regular Course
_v ^ „	_ of Treatment
That Has Been Prescribed.
is
chap he
Pr
00
cm
an
¦a:
eoi
disease^ in
.¦ Ini
way
•ni
tes
pi*
the
the
Dei

ter
I tho
test
r
are
oth
of ]
x
«CV(
it V
u a
aim
k
In
disp
test
have lishi thirl of i been
ns
mem
been
Mini
anco
is al
regin
ing
STIRRING AT COCK'S CROW
Ways try q of Pi
mane
testa
leged
•true'
•ince
As soon ns he is up, usually in the grey twilight, or lt\ winter by candlelight, he ha# n cup of strong ,
bread
ead hrcvjrfast
me
A bill for (he creation
nsk
hot








»
###PAGE###7###
NOTES and comments.
onflary aad higher education were, all three, Protestante, and eo waa The plane for the national memor- Itil0 Jnspoctrcss-Gcneral of schools ial W Queen Victoria have been ox- tor girls. The power exercised by I NEWS BY MAIL ABOUT JOHN
bi5^ê581--sef-	- - - - - -
snTJSir!-z	« ** «. J
owning into the Mall will bo widen- ^ °u* of all proportion to their of cigarettes, with a portrait of a gl;t(Jlt"ToN, ?,retf I',ritain The Imperial character of English	,n U‘° achome ,or
it	er .ex iru F™ " ™	«-b-'11 H	-.u.
tv:,™, "r~   sw-stt uz asfeussjwrt æ« s. wæss	.-asTc FffF-5 p^a
W,1‘ t* alxty fect hl«h- rising from a lower than one hundred Important T' ®nd used by hlm Principally to decorated with his trophies, some of man Emperor before he was allowed I ^ instruments which were uttract-plutlorm elevated about eight feet P°stti ore held by Protestants. Sim- lakc hls children for sea trips when them from Africa.	to set font on English soil	®dto the buried gold discovered the
from the ground. The platform will ‘!“r a)lcButions are made as to the the royal	was	at Osborne. The Duke of Cambridge is the only IJut the imperial idea Is os old as T%ehT.'T u,ne<ulhcd ‘,h® cach"
:£=2— PS£feap#s 5p^5=Sih=Sil
form of a pyramid, with seated H Is further to bo noted that In I taken and died almost immediate- P^iot‘"" °fbcr culinury efforts in a .^"« ^«ne/’ Rnd ''Empress-' she | ,]#JÏ 'two bent sticks
ErH££Er5 =^S=£ss
"regotty-s house," ooo of the most unu0„ Tho day after'tho flst^r rTT'K"* bed borne from the torty-
b“‘	S'" :S,t	,;'5r/e" %	1,1 • - ",r	4321 ,.s„r»y“".»m;r^ «“S
most l*11 tld» baa been Bold by auction ious performers of Iiamlet they	had ?»	of the wholesome results	of treasure began, Capt. Hackett, who
lortions Of the wood and the two .seen in their day. "Weil," said one # renunciation was the employ- headed the Aurora expedition, has windows of the old boat aro still *a of them, "you may talk of Irvinir \ thenceforward of English, in- received letters from August Oiæicr, the possession of the present owner. and Booth, and now Barrett but , °f 1<rench' ln the foreign offi- the Berman who went from Stock-
The house in Portland Place, Lon- |Sive ™c F«*hter\i Hamlet. He was r^vernmrnT^A!^n,8h ton ®”d	several years on Codon, which Earl Roberts has pur- donc twenty minutes sooner than Lrv ”' ,* Anw n Ç K of	?os island endeavoring to secure the
chased for his town residence was for any o1 €m*"	I“ T ^	hns «^undantly treasure, and from Mr. von Johann-
sasisiteBMiiii
members, nine are Protestants. All made at Penzance by experts repro- statesman, Pitt % Id I ^ ('mi.1!rnt	KING OF	ENGLAND."	| those interested, and little attention
over Franco so many of the leading seating influential capitalists, ln plainly inlaid with fine gold""
SœHS ETsHT—
rnctal by means of lime and then to #* $176,000. extract the gold electrically.
IN MEM OLD ENBLiND
personal tit bits.
KINO EDWARD’S TITLE.
mom LOST ÎBE180BE
I
Notes of Interest
Prominent People.
About Some
History of Numerous Styles for British Sovereign.
A ROMANTIC TALE FROM VICTORIA, BRITISH COLUMBIA.
In.
struments — Treasure on & Pirate Island.
of
of tho Cocos island
the
ground to the monument and
the
car-
WAS
for handles, location, but only
WB3
the other three sides of tho squared column are groups of Justice, Truth I another of tho facts which M. Re-and Love. Tho platform below will nuu*d holds up to hie Catholic combo approached by slept/guarded by r)ntriols us a Pu^iic danger; lions; groups of figures representing whut ho professes to find
the Army and Navy, and Art and |ftla,mlng ls 'heir preponderance in
finance. Considered as wielders ol
tho power of the purse, he deems the Pro testants
SEEKERS THREATENED
Science, will bo on cither side tho reconstructed Mail there arc ultimately to bo three groups of sculpture, those opposite the York steps representing India and tho African dominions of the Crown, and those opposite Marlborough gate showing Australia and Canada. Tho exit to Charing Cross will have no archway —only gates. Tho Mall will remain ns it is till after the coronation, and the Spring gardens improvement will begin very soon, and Air. Brock
In
fflr more formidable than tho Jews ; they arc masters, he
In the Gironde tho
wine trade is
I
is given to it. Ciseler is an Arnerl-cun of German descent, and is bow of 1 in San Francisco. In a letter to Consul Johannsen, who represents Costa Rica at San Francisco, ho says that as Governor of tho Wand he holds a concession from the Costa Rican Government in regard to the treasure in which the government Is interested.
MILLIONS IN TREASURE.
His Holiness conferred tho title of the Faith" on Henry VIII. os a mark of the political approval of the royal author’s fulmination against Luther.
The Bull is to read in fac simile, in the “Foedera" of tho useful Hymer.
a sarcastic tomnia But ÜM,t “thc. r,ffht ot that title
pr%	% (I, I
tree, which was situated in Harthill people had of him. One of the wto	V?C SaH8f25**0n of Kristopher	Cocos island, although not exten-
It may	be remembered	that it was X,V. mutilated France by trying to	Walk, succumbed to the ravages of courtiers surrounding him said It ?VL’	° Wlll(jsor and Register	MVe» bas burled in it enough trea-
E'™5r~x irr:’.EB3i	eZBs| JB1SB s=
ported as it was by most of his co- lh<$ nations population. As much, lights during the coming winter ow- th(i Great lend t Lorget that Fctcr the force of the new style. He adopt- j good authority, tons of silver and religionists, gave great offence to the they have always deserved the re- ing to the refusal of tnc gas com- ,)c th „ .....h", ' '',‘L 1/'“*®,	?d u immediately. On Oct. 23, 1603 733 bars of gold, jewels nmi other
bsaz.-rx STrirr.-sT. .•= E™1rSrSstïSSaK
to obloquy. In a book which has ^ bird Republic, as well as to them- district. The private consumers also . pretty story comes from Rodez, of His Majesty changing his title j brig Rclampago, after burying some made a sensation. Le Peril Protest- selves, that what they have always I intend to do without gas if a redue- n } c sollth of I ranee, where lately and taking upon him the name and treasure gained by piracy in
u. «.11,0., Mr. m.o.w. —« command - u„„ 1. ... o,«d,.	- LZSL Z	$SU“	.|ï£t 51 K.hT.l^l.t
has undertaken to alarm the mass of	______________._ leaked out recently that General parts. Someone toon ft into his henceforth desires to be acknowledged l&n. He left part of his crew atk
his Catholic fellow countrymen by	IBaden-Powcll travelling from Dolge- head to interview Mme. Calve s both at home and abroad, and that Valparaiso and sailed northward.
IBm Ml ¦SWlÉ^Sgsl
which things Mr. Smith, being an I	Lord Londcsborough has consented genic’s yacht. The Frenchmen who of nn	English sovereign Is just A j able to ascertain the exact location,
ance of Alsace-Lorraine.	That is to ! accommodating man, allowed him to to become Mayor of Scarborough for were spread out on the yards of their 2J,ap**r	of ,a fcntu,*V old. In 1876 |	BURIED ON THE ISLAND.
•ay, the Protestants, who in 1835 I take	the ensuing year, if it is the unani-	vessels shouted "Vive l’Impératrice.’	ry* Dlsrae,i miKht have quoted to
innanilanla of France, now form	!Londesborough will continue In the	got bis men ready to aalute, but ln	haJs ;
•nly about a sixtieth. If, then, Pro-	^’R cure him,” said Mr.	Smith,	(office for two years, so that his	the short time at his disposal he	impress the way is ready, and not
testant Senators and Deputies re-	About a week later the new neigh^ ; mayoralty may witness the opening	rould not school him crew to repeat	indeed the time was ripe
presented only their co-rcliirionists I bor tome back with the screw-driver of tho marine drive round the foot of the French words. Tell them to | r et
— -I- -,.	• ** -i -tests M.’ssusns££mi»sr,^ owjg _—m
.zitzv..* - -.; -	x-...... Js asasaHte.f ’
”r«r --	—	—-.—	cssas feu--* ru
püfef	am
manent officials arc, it is said, Pro- ü,,ost.,5?vl?tcd h^band in the world." 'T am thirty-five years old, and I "A leading physician mays that testants, and the same thing is al- ? ÎTT ^. ' *Sn liviU ’ shotiIda t I for some time I have known that be- goats are not subject to consump-
X:"iT""r'""" "	.sri'.”7.'j'sZh's irLTVoTh*sss*s*i;'^M"
uuction. It is but a short time old hat.” (Sequel:	A new hat, of
since the directors of primary, sec-
Lco X., no doubt, Defender
« i
will proceed with his noble task quickly as possible
as
The plans of 119 g*# to have exclaimed : "Capital the other architects involved a vast- I „ not religion ? A mistake I Capi-ly greater expenditure and changes tal is Protestant." that would practically maJto a new I	_
rp, Tt ,	, .	. .	. A	KinS Victor Emmanuel, in spite of
The Duke of Leeds has planted a his courteous manners, is gifted with young oak tree at Kinetou Park on a quick wit and
»
was
palace. The times arc hardly favorable for such extravagance.
true of the Huguenots, when Louis
register of tho order itself
I 'Great Britain" was the emend a-1 there by tho barque Mary Pea, but I hat | tion of Elizabeth, who had a pro- al®° the Bcnita treasure, hidden fat-
to future developments. cr by pirates-
tho

bis
tion

000, of which loss only three-eighths can be accounted
for by the sever-
With a remnant of the crew Captain Bcnita sailed south again, capturing another treasure-laden Span-¦gHggH The treasure obtained from it was also buried on the is-
turn to tho West Indies, get what had been left there, return to Cocos island, and have a general division.
1

ish ship
Then it was proposed to »e-
the 880 seats
DIDN’T REMEMBER
4 »
k
In high administrative posts <li «proportioned importance of
t lie
111!
No matter, and I man, "it is government without the
I 9
9 9
to her mi si rcss
his dark lantern in broad daylight!" Tho frightened official was relearned, that you bought | but the master of the house
informed of the incident, di ih marked that Bridget was not bo far off in her suspicieux after nil*
I've got wan mum, cornin’ in wid
ê e
av
. i
MOURNS IIIS LOSS
“But everything that goats can I your way fnto society."
!»ns Kept mo worried, but now I feel get at is subject to consumption,” “Yes, I did, and I find myself a safe."	1 amended Mr. Parley.	J fully cheated.”
when

course. )

A

###PAGE###8###
!
r
,v’5 A DVT.
=E. HOOCINS : £5
Bargain Hunters’ Delight.
STEWART’S
BOOT* SHOE STORE.
\ IV|erry Christmas
and ..
• e
We have just received another small lot of
OUR FAMOUS
^ Happy }<ew Year
to you
is the wish of
Men’s Overcoats
!
A. H. tycCUIRE
1
Navy Beaver at $4.00.
A Treat for
Thrifty Buyers.
Oil Tan Moccasins :
The
Busy
Tailor.
4
Grey Union Flannel,
13 Cents per yard.

Something Swell.
-
Ladies’ Dongola Boots, laced and buttoned ; real good, fashionable
$1.25 a pair.
News of the War.
I
I
kmtzincekh vArrvRB.
Boemfantam, Dec. I‘>. - Cvnmmndant Kmzinger, who with a party of B >eri. attempting to cron the line between De-Aar and Nauwpoort a couple of nights ago iind wss capturul, i» now in the ho p t&l at Hi no var Hoad. Five o her# if the party wete also ctp ured.
Com mar ilnnt Kri'z tiger haa been de scribed at a leader of exceptional ability, n.t second <>n’y to Cnt'.s lan DcW et, Kri»z:nger haa been repeatedly retired to iu despatches from South Africa.
At one time no fewer than seven British odamns weie in hot pursuit of Krit Zinger, driving him towards the Orange K ver, which was then uufordabV, tut when the British thought they had lum caught, they discovered that he was fifty miles in their rear, threatening the railroad, after having broken up his e romand into two sections.
An * fiber u? the British It tcliigence D parlaient who fell into Krininje hav.de, dcicribtd the Boer leader as a fine 1 joking man, about ûve feet ten inches in height, broadly built, and speak*' - eng-
I sh pe»f*«tljr, At Vuat period, the officer •aid, Kti’ZÎUger was attired in lavender co1 ored trouserj, with yellow tanned gaiters, a well-cut coat, starched, white linen shirt, and a brand new tally ho hat,
with a puggaree.	.	. ,
Kritzinger wore glovca and carried a hunting crop. His men wire well dree Bed, and all their horses were iu splendid condition.
and well made at These Boots compare favorably with
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
98c.
Men’s
AND-
our regular two-dollar goods—
Remember our price, Qnhf $1.25.
$1.25.
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION %YS.
Men’s No. 1 Men s Long Top - 2.50.
Xmas and New Year : : HOLIDAYS : :
1.00.
Boys’ - • Children’s
Our Xmas Novelties coming early in
December
75c-
—0
One First Class Fare Dec. 24 and
•25, good returning not later Dec. *20tb, 1901, also on Dec* 31st, 1901, and Jan. 1, 1902, good returning from destination not later than
Jan. 2, 1902,
One First-Class Fare and One-Third
Dec. 21st, 23rd, 24th and 25th, 1901, good returning 1 not later than Jan. 3rd 1902, also on Dec. 2Sth, 30th, 31st, 1901, and Jau. 1st, 1902, good returning not later than Jan. 3rd, 1902. I
Men’s Long-top
Hard BeefsKin MOGCâSiHS .
E. HODGINS & SON.
Three Rivers Brand - -
$2.25.

r estimate ie that j about seventy
SCHOOL VACATIONS.
The latest newspaper there are yet in the fieUUHHHI Boer commandoc», vaiying in a me from fifty to four hundred men. The British force available for pursuing and fighting them it put at 45,000 men. It wi 1 take emsiderable westing down, before the weekly “ bag ” seriously diminishes In
Guns,
Rifles,
Ammunition,
ARMSTRONG BROS
To Teachers and pupils of schools and colleges, on surrender of standard form of school vacation railway certificate, signed by Principal at lowest one way first class fare and one third from Dec. 7th to 31st, 1901, in-elusive, tickets good returning not later than Jan. 20th, 1902.
Overshoes
The Celebrated
GRANBY Overshoes for Men, Women and Children.
•1Z'
Cancer Cured by the Roentgen
Rays,
Log don. Due. 19.-Dr. Wigmore, chief Surgeon of the Roentgen department of the London Skin hospital, aaya he has juat cured by the use of X wy# a ctee of cancer of the breast which had recurred in the skin and scar after two operation* with the knife, constituting ecirrhus in its worst form. Dr. Wigmore is employing X-raye with the moat eucce«fui résulté in all kinds of chronic diseases, parti-cu'arly eczems. He says that rodent ul* oers and epilthelioma of the face cm be absolutely cured by means of the ways.
C. E. Fickaro, teller of the F «ret National bank, Baileton, N. V , ie charged wi|h stealing $100,000.
General Biden-Pvwell has left England for South Africa to do active service
%
P. W. RESSEMAN,
Cen. Pass- Agent
*
¦j
i
ever increasing sale of Overshoes is a sufficient
Our
these
guarantee that the Goods and Prices are Right.
HAILW4Y
II
LADYSMITH.
I
NEW SERVICE,
MODERN EQUIPMENT.
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
P. S.—Hardware.
onoe

more.
A movement is oi foot to hderate all the universities of the Maritime Provinces.
On and after October 13th. 1901, and until further notice, train services will be as follows :
T L	u CLpmri J	EASTERN DIVISION.
Sir Thomas Liptons yacht hhamirivk Trains leave OTTAWA. Central Depot.
n . »a. nearly des.,eyed by b,e at New
The Big Four bridge at Tro, Ohio.	ZSi
went down recently. One man n ^ Kl,»e car Ottawa to Montreal.
ed and eeversl injured.	4, 10 P.M. Daily except Sunday, for Rock-
land. Hawkekbury, Montreal. Quebec and nil points east, arrives mont real 7. 25 p. m.
Stops at all Intermedia!# O. A . R. stations.
Connects at Coteau Jet. whh Grand Trank
Ry. for ell notnte west. Hss parlor car,	^	.
- ... There is nothing on the face of teis earth in which it is easier to be deceived than in jewellery. Ottawa to New*York viaFRutland 5. h Thô public know nothing about jewellery and
U^V^DaUy^rept%nday^nd 7.25	&S li&bl© tO buy & pOOF RS & gOO(l article if left
An .waring, protest against the export Tralr.,^ Ottawa. Centrai depot, daily ,	_ ghinA 0f the Blticle Bttd remember that HO
PremSeT '.Idt.t'Z' Bn* .hT.™	one sells good dollars for 75 cents.
wAh untitled to esteem.	1.00 P M. Mixed for Madawa^ka and lo-
The Pope will not send de'cgation to 4.40^** Kxpresa for Pembroke. Ma<* attend the coronation ceremonies of awaakaand Intermediate atatloiv.
Kmg B-iweid VIS., .. H, H-iliners
not notified of the King s acoiasiOQ lUtlrowd.and HUmnebio ticket* foi bale to to the throne.	»U points.
Reliability I
Felt Goods;
Our stock of Felt Goods IhiV10*^* m.». oameN..
.	I ! tion of hatchet fame.
is complete in all sizes for men, women and children, and the price is just as comfortable
as the goods.
Mr. Broderick, in a «poach at G'aegow, declared that any futuie negotiations muet emanate from tho enemy.
The balloon used by Marconi in his wireleis telegraphy experiments in Newfoundland broke away and was 1( 81.
are
WHYTE
the watchmaker,
was
M. STEWART,
OTTAWA TICKET OPPK'KS
L,id Kitchener rep )tte that in a year
entrai Depot. Hassell Home Bloc*
the British. The v.ciima number-
COR. ELGIN AND SPARKS STS.
fr«»m rd 84
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE,
SHAWVILLE.
The Rhodesian gold output reached high water mark in November undo om favorable with any gold country
Liters r ceivvd from India intimate that a famine in that c untry is imminent.
# #
e #
e #
MAIN STREET	SHAW VILLE.
e e
pares in the wcrld
Ww
y

