###PAGE###1###
T
a
s
>
!
Z-"



I
SIIAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P. Q„ THURSDAY,
Voi. XVI, No. 20.
NOV. 10. 1 NON.
SUBSCRIPTION (Ine Dollar a Vear In advance
I
“THE EQUITY’’
Are you using Dowds Flour ?
Mr. W. J. Starke purchased a large number of lambs here on Thursday last.
WM. GAMBLE,
Have y>m tried Dowd 'a 41l I igh Loaf” Flour ?
Mr. (». F. Hudgins shipped another carload of live hugs on Tuesday.
For Sale, cheaj nearly new.
Veterinary Stir
who left this village some time ago. has returned, and taken up practise here again.
Mr. J. .1. McVeigh of Lower Litchfield was a sufferer to a considerable extent by the terrific wind storm of Saturday night, several of his out buildings having been damaged more or less. < hie barn had the roof lifted off bodily and carried into another field.
Tm: Mrssivo Cleroyman. -The Rev. (i. R. Smith, 15.A., the recently appointed rector of Petewawa, who mysteriously
disappeared some time ago, whil3 on ids
way from Nova Scotia to his new parish has not as yet been heard from. Everything possible has been done to locate the reverend gentleman, but without avail.
Dr. L. M

V
Is issued from the office of Publication, Shaw ville every Thursday.
Subscription, $l.oo per Annum.
BARRISTER, &o.,
159 Main Street,.........
At Hhawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over G. F. Hodglns’ Store, Main 8t.
HüLLi
Men’s mitts and Moccasins—immense stock—all kinds.
One Disc Harrow W. \V. IltELAM*.
J. H. Shaw.
Thursday, Nov. 24th being Thanksgiv mg Day, the stores in this village will be closed.
—O
Advertising rates made known on application.
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from all parts of the country.
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices j Head Office Ottawa Canada,
Inserted free; but obituary lines, or "poetry •' Capital (fully paid up) . g 1,500,000.00 I Cheap.—It. Mil. HELL
will be charged at the rateof 3ceuts per line Re„t...............§1,125,000.00
money toaccompany the manuscript In every
Overcoats for men and boys; finest stock in town.
BANK OF OTTAWA
J. 11. Shaw.
A special train went up the lino on Sunday morning, and returned in the evening.
The citizens of Ottawa tendered a fare wed banquet to Lord Aberdeen on Tuesday evening last.
Still Left—One trio White Wyatt duties, and one trio White Leghori
s—
Our local dealers says the grain receipts for the past week have been fairly good.
Hoard of Directors :
Charles Macibk, Esq., President. George Hay, knq.,Vice President.
John Mathkr, Ehq. Da vil» Mai Laio:n, Khq.
case
J. A. COWAN, Publisher
We understand the buys are going to make an effort to re organize the band, with the introduction of some new mater -
The W. C. T. V., in session at Ottawa last week, vehemently put down its dainty foot upon the noxious cigarette.
It is stated by an Ontario paper that six thousand sportsmen are out enjoying the doer hunting season in the Northwest portion of that province.
. Hon. 0*o. Bryson, Jr
Court Shawville, Autx- *»*“*•Emt
I	Dennis Murphy, Eng.
Mo £id.
Cio.F A
ial
General Manager, (Local) Manager
GEORGEBURN D. M. FINN IE
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
F
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every mouth.
Court dues must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited
k % 4
Parties who can conveniently bring un the wood promised The Equity sumo time ago, will oblige by doing so now.
The Douglas Advocate says that steps are being taken to organize a company for the purpose of establishing a pulp factory at that place.
For the murder of his brother-in-law in June last, Elzear Mann on Friday last was sentenced to be hanged at Montreal on December Kith.
Personal.
Mr. XV. A. Moore, of CPter Lake was a guest at Mr XVm. Caldwell’s on Sunday
Draft* United on all Banking |wlul*
Ion, United Stales and Great Britain,
Notes and Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current
rates.
Sums of #1 and upwards received U Savings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Hours -10 a. in. to Up. m. Saturday 10a.m.
•j I to 1 p. m.
in the Dondn
L.B.C
last
Voiding: Bella.
H S. Baunktt, F.S
J. A. Cowan, R.8
Mr. Woodley, of the Gatineau section, arrived last week to take a position witn Mr. G. F. Hodgina.
Mr. Dan. McCuaig, of Moncton, N. B., was homo on a visit to his relatives in Bristol last week.
An exceedingly pretty wedding took place in the U. C. church, Chapeau, on Wednesday morning, Oct. 20tlr, when Miss Emma Dunn, third daughter of Mr.
Walter Dunn, of Allumette Bland, was united in marriage to Mr. Charles Me Quire. Rev. Falher Leduc performed the ceremony. The bride was gracefully assisted by her c >usin, Mias Mary E.
Faught, of Pembroke, and Mr. Thomas Tackney performed the duties of groomsman. The brido was gowned in old gold, Mr A g Macdonald, formerly of the with white silk trimmings and hat V» AdvBnce, and now on the staff of Haldane match, and the brdesmaid was attired in & Co Ottawa, was visiting his many cream cashmere, with silk, lace and braid frienda in town thig weelt trimmings. The both young ladies looked quite charming, After the ceremony was over, the wedding party and a large number of invited guests drove to the residence of the bride’s parents, v here an elegant breakfast awaited them. In the evening a reception was held, at which about one hundred guests were present.
The bride was the recipient of many presents.
w. J. EADES, c. h
Dr. J. E. ÎADDART, L. D, S., D.D.S
£otnl and ©tuerai.
Corner of Hank ami Wellington HtreolH,
gSr Spécial attention given to appointment# maJe by mail.
i OTTAWA!
|y The Shaw ville Marble and Ganr-itoWorks, Alex. McDonald, propriétér, turns out a superior class of work in Mon-Have you a Snider? If not, secure one uments, Headstones, etc. Prices reason-and be in the swim.	able
Miss-s Gertie Armstrong and Jennie Murray, of Clarendon Front, were the guests of Miss Mabel Armstrong on Sunday.
C. C. STEWART,
Thomas Ryan, of Metcalfe, was killed by the accidental discharge of his rifle, while hunting Wednesday last on the ln I Egan Estate near Madawaeka. The deI ceased was a blacksmith in employ of the
Guns, rifles and ammunition
PHYSICIAN
AND SURGEON
(L.R.C.r. AND 8 , EDIN.)
OFFICE,
J. II. Shaw
Quarterly meeting service was held the Methodist church here on Sunday.
Miss Mary Wilson, came up from Ottawa on Wednesday evening last to spend uple of weeks with her parents, Mr. and Mrs. D. Wilson.
o
ELMSIDE, QUE
Mr. James Young, book-keeper f« r|C. A. Railway Co Wm. Howe, paint manufacturers of O tawa was in town this week.
a c
Mr. T. W. Allen writes us to say that >ur congratulations on his marriage in The Raymond Sewing Machine equals I last week’s issue were premature. Tom any in the market. For sale by A. Smiley still enjoys the unfettered life of a Shaw ville, from §20 up.	| “ bach,’ and is anxious to interview that
Ottawa reporter who started the yarn.
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L
Rev. Mr. Low, who arrived here last
Ven. Archdeacon
J
week as assistant t	¦ I
Naylor, has taken up residence in Mr. J R. Horner s house.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
Will attend all the Courts of the District, especially when required.
)

During the heavy winds of Saturday night, the roof was blown of! the shed at Zion church.
Mr. R E Armstrong, for some time past clerk at Mr. J. II. Shaw’s has returned to his brother’s store at V. Thorne Centre, succeeds
A meeting of the Pontiac] Teacher's Associât on will be held in Shawville Academy on Saturday, Nov. 12th, at 2, p. m. All interested in education are invited to attend.
Reports from the Provincial Convention The municipality of Ville Mario (Baie j Be given by those who attended, de Peres) have decided to borrow the sum of five thousand dollars, for local improvements.
Miss Virginia Morris, daughter of Mr. Geo. Morris of Sheenboro, was united in marriage to Mr. Ernest McCool, of Fmt William, on October 25th. Rev. Father Kiernan performed the ceremony. The bride was assisted by Miss Keon, and the groomsman was Mr. Alex. McAulvy.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.
Mrs. C. McCagg has just received htr new stock of hats, feathers etc. Shop opposite the post office.
Mr. Needham of Pa ken It am “ Bob ” at Mr. Shaw's.
NOTARY PUBLIC,
LERK of the District Magistrates’Court at Shaw ville. Money to lend on easy terms on farm mid village property. Notary The Reliance Loan and .Savings Company” of Ontario.
Will Visit Bryson every Thursday,
C
for
NOTICE
To All Whom It May Concern
Mr. Calvin Morrison was severely injured last week in a runaway accident, while on his way home from this village.
ATTORNEY AT LAW, Main St. Hull, I An elevator is to be built in Pembroke [The accident occurred on the hill at the A Q.UC, will, at request,utieud allcourts by the Pembroke Milling Co. It will be I old brickyard, and was due to the break-l" answered l* ^ ' correspondence prompt - stories high, CO by 30, and lined and ingof the wagon pole. Mr. Morrison had
y\vnVbe at. -ihawvllit first Thursday ofeach | floored with iron so as to be vermin | three cf his ribs broken, month
ELMSID2
artiiLit McConnell
Our busy town has been quiet of late, one seems settled down to wmk
—o
I hereby give notice that I will not be he'd responsible for the pavruent of any debts contracted in my name without my written order
every
and pleasure laid aside for business,— hence no notes lately.
Hallow’een passed off pleasantly, tricks were few and far between. The young people gathered together and were entertained at Mr. John Park's. A gentle hop was indulged in for a short time and music was furnished by the bag pipes and violin. A very enjoyable time was spent Rev. T. A. Nelson went to Ottawa last week to attend Presbytery.
Miss Bessie Cuthbertson went to Ottawa last week to remain fur some time.
On Tuesday, p m. of last week, a public meeting was held in the school. Mr.
Parmalee, Supt. of Public instruction <f Quebec, and Mr. Gilman, Inspector of Schools were present and delivered addresses on educational work to a very
attentive audience. Mr. Ed. Graham	rBlepayer„ of thlli >,llDlelp«mv are
made some pleasing remarks as school 1,^“by notified that the School Tax for tbo commissioner followed by Mr. A. W. Me present year Is now due and payable, and
Keohnie's eloquence cn wit and humor.	%!Tw m “ vol v"”“?
Mr. Andrew Grant tilled the chair in his immediate payment will *ave exnense. usual good style,remarking on the neatness j	H- La NO,
of schools, etc. A vote of thanks was then tendered to Messrs. Parmalee and Gilman, and the meeting was brought to a c!oje. The teachers present were: the The Hull Aylrner electric cars are now Misses Chapman, Graham,• Howe, Me The Rev M. D. Blakely, for the past I provided with powerful headlights, which Killop, Smiley of Bristol, Miss Edey, o seventeen years pastor of the Presbyter I " ^ enable the motor man to see distinct- Onslow ; and Miss Roy, of No. 9 school.
churches at Ross and Cobden, has	9vo aciti8 ahead. Five lamps of	On the evening	of the same day the	I	^eas.......
R j R> candle power are placed together in a	W. C. T. U. thank	offering was held in	I	Buckwheat..
ry	strong reflector. As a motorman	the Brick Church. Messrs. Parmalee	Rye..........
d.	“ Any man who will not see it de-	and Gilman very	kindly delivered ad-	Eggs,	(fresh,)
serves tu be killed. ”	I dresses and a programme of readings and Wool..........
«	.	.	—,	. . recitations was the entertainment of the Batter____ . .
------	I Wolves aro reported plentiful in the I „>,(?ung, b"y c,f Olivier Bertrand, | eve|)ing The offering amounted to §40. Fork per 100
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al- townships of Reglan and Radcliffe. About ! White T ish lake, Gatineau district, was j ^r. Rugh McCredie is wearing a ioui Hav per ton.
Tr r	fo™ h«"d™d ¦•««P	killed there	on a hunting trip and holdin„ ,mile; , daughter arrived there. All doing Calfskins.
First-class Livery Attached.	I fay them Wm Helmer, while travelling hl* «uu wl,h the. Pulnt towards hie breast. wel,	HidoSi d
towards a neighbor's house there last week A young dog while playing around knock-	ftjr> Alex. Roy also has a member Pelts
: _j. He fired	against the trigger and the shot went added to hia family
The rest disap*1	the buy h breast and came out through We expect to hear of a great slaughter
the shoulder. He is in a very dangerous among the deers of L. Amable, Ont., as
condition.	Mr. Arnold McKechnie accompanied our,	,	.	,	_ .	,	,	.
friend Mr. Geo. Lothian of Bristol, there The following are l ist . itut.,,iv s <iu v
tions on the Ottawa market :
DANIEL LE ITCH,
Lot 21; R. l\ Clarendon
proof
_	An action against the township of Low
I H -J* I Amprior has been asked for a contrih. I was inscribed for hearing at Hull Ci UiOa C- W I Cl b9 IT ÿ ution ot §2()U by Mr. McLeod Stewart to. I Wednesday of this week, arising out of
wards meeting the cost of preliminary the difficulty of a few years ago when the surveys in connection with the Montreal, township failed to pay overdue taxes, and • HULL QUE. I Ottawa and Georgian Bay canal.	| the militia had to be sent up to assist in
enforcing payment. The claim is for 81800.
November 3rd, ls9S
<n
Tenders For Fire Wood
Wanted.
72 MAIN ST.
Mr. G. S. Lyon of Toronto is the chmr
Tin Board of School Commissioner* of the school cornomtIon of Clarendon, will receive fender* for fire wood, hard wood and dry nine for the fourteen schools in the municipality, up to 10 of t he clock, a m., of Monday, the 2sth Instant.
Will attend Superior and Circuit Comt al
Bryson, also other Courts In Pontiac;; l»u- | pion golf player of Canada, being named
such after the usual competitions
trlct when required
Mr. J. W. Best, general agent of the — | Lyon was born in Richmond, Carîvton I Ottawa district for the Massey Harris county and is a nephew of Dr. A. Lyon of Company, while here on Wednesday, retins village.	j ceived a telegram from Dr. Main, Cobden,
that his son who is engaged in a drug
Mr
JAS. IIOPL A Co.
ANUFACTURIXG STATIONERS,BOOK-SEL 1er*, Bookbinders Printers, etc. Depository f the Ottawa Auxiliary BibleSocicty,Ottawa,Out.
By order,
H. Matiirson
M
rt c.-Treas
Shawville, Nov. 7th, 1898
Iw=2 K-JUM-ft
down to bo a 10-cent affair and is of ur ulxlene
Burtch
School Tax.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT I doubtful value for the money E> SliawvlHe . Q,ue., respectfully -oMelts v ,utd nuu engagementbforany buslnesslu connection I	i
with all Courts in the County, Collections made tnd prompt returusasHured
Professor Robertson has established on the
Quite a number of sports attended the j l,ou*lryfattening station. The birds Turkey shoot, given by L. O. L., No. 34, coutmed in coops and fed upon a very dry
¦	meal. I ho first week has one course at.d
the second week a change, the third another, and so on until the birds are lit for market.
are
Sec.-Treas
on the 5th inst. Our townsman, Mr.
’ Geo. Swat man was the only one who succeeded in carrying oti* “ a bird. * Snider rifles, it is said, were very much in evidence.
Municipality of Shawville Nov. 7, 1898.
BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT, OFFICE COURT ST., SHAWVILLE
Shawville Produce Quotations
Accounts collected and prompt returns made
All courts attended.
f
o
00 t< 25 00 to 50
Oats
inn
St. Lawrence Hall,
30
been appointed successor to Rev Knowles, and has removed with his family to the manse, Alice. Mr. Blakely is altogether worthy.
37 to 40
ver
15
sal
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
... 10 to 18
.... 14 to 15 3.75 to 4.25 9.00 to 10.00 .... 35 to 50
00 to 6 00
40 to 75
PONTIAC HQUs/r
was attacked by four wolves on them and killed one. 1 peared.
A
OTTAWA MARKETS.
tm

Mr. James Hodgins has had in circula tion a petition to the manager of the Mer
chants Bank, asking for the establish- on Saturday night on their way to the ment of a branch of that institution in back townships for a week’s hunting and attend them
this village. The petition has been, sign-	fishing. We presume onr friend, Inepec	Mr. and Mrs. Peter Sly of	Clarendon ,
ed by all the business men of the place,	tor Cormier, who is ever watchful of the	were visiting at N.r. John	I aik s last
and by a number of the farmers of the interests of the Government and deter- we®**	. D	M , v ,
neighborhood, showing that the idea is	mined to see its game laws rerpected, has	Miss Annie Park is at Mr. Ed.\oungs.
generally approved.	been careful to collect the prescribed fees	Elmside Lodge, I. O. G. T.	is booming,
from those gentlemen as they passed three new members were added to the hat Mr. L Payette, the horse buyer, or through Aylmer on their way up.	last Friday evening.
Montreal was a buay man, indeed, on the	Mr. John McIntosh has finished his
occasion of his visit to this village on Tuesday last. He had abundance of material	portion of the M.	L. Russell estate has
to select from, as horsea were brought in	been disposed of	this week-the nickel	after	a couple of week's visiting	in Ren
from miles around from all sections of the	mine at Sudbury,	in which the estate had	frew,	Ont.
county, A great many were taken home	a three quarters'	interest. We under-	1	KM
again, the animals offered being in some stand that it was purchased through Mr. some time in Bryson. __________________________________ cases unsuitable, and in others held at a Martin, of that place, by Wm. McYittie, Mr. John Park has sold his blacksmith
SSS3SS2ÜS36	CtMS	£5 ft 3#: &
'bus meets all trains. Good livery in comprising good and bad, young and old, Bay, had a fourth interest in the pro endon.
connection.	, ,	,, .	7 • ,	,__°	---»—	I	Tm»
Ladles’ and gente.blcycles^ept /or hire but all in fairly good order.




A party of Ottawa sports arrived here
mi
a hunting expedition. May success
on
Ü
1
Peas 00 to 65 cents.
Oats, 25 to 30c.
Wheat, 05 to 70c.
Rye, 40 to 00c.
Buckwheat, 45 to 50c.
Barley, 28 to 30c.
Hay, 88 to §10 per ton.
Straw, §4 00 to §0 00 per ton. Potatoes 55 to 60c per bag. Veal, 4 to 5c per lb.
Lamb, 8 to lie per lb.
Butter, pr n*. 20 to 23 cents. Butter, tub, 15 to 19 cents. Eggs, fresh, 18 to 20 cents. Eggs, stored, 16 to 18 cents. Apples, §2 00 to §3 00 per bbl Tomatoes, 15 cents ncr pn Ion. Cheese, wholesale, 9 to 10c. Cheese, retail, 12 to 12£c. Hides, rough, 6c per pound]
i -
i
The Renfrew Mercury savs Another | work for the season
Mrs. Dr. Stewart has returned home
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
C. CALDWELL,
Master Willie Campbell is spending
PROPRIETOR
perty


###PAGE###2###
tn<l he ha* gone,—nobly laying aside ill (he party prejudice which for n 11me influenced his conduct. Our country needs it we men " Yen, yea have gone.
in town, and it's just ho everywhere
Mr. Mather smiled as he replied :	,
" f know the hoys have gone,—hoys | ror WrsreThls Trseble named l hytlelsn*
skill Mew imirmiiMMi *n«i iioiij Cur*
rri Thr leewll ef MfSlIHf Hreeerrh.
CAUSE OF RHEUMATISM
fellow» need It sadly young boy in the ranks, Isaac Simms, who interests me great ly."
and I he widow drew a long sigh as Rose continued:
"I wonder he was ever suffered to
come, he seems so young, so gil l like and so gent le deal i>f goody Lieut by visit mg the sick and sharing with them any delicacy he happens He's rather homesick, I imagine, for when I asked him if he had a mother, his chin quivered in a moment, and I saw the tears standing in his eyes. Poor hoy, À can*, amount for the interest 7 fool in l) m. Heaven grant that If we some to open fight he may not fall » vu t m.M
“Yes, y*m. uiy hoy, my darling hoy," and burying her face in her hard hands, the widow sobbed aloud. 'I thank you Miss Mather for reading me that,’* she said "and thank your brother for writing it. Tell him ko will you. Tell him Pin, nothing hut a cross, sour-grained, snappish old woman, hut I have a mother’s heart, and 1 bless him for ape iking so kindly of my hoy."
Pose's tears foil fast as she folded up 1 he letter, and Annie’s kept company with them. There wax a bond of sympathy now between the three, ns they talked together of the soldiers, Mrs. Simms and Annie devising various met hods by which they might Is» I benefited, and Host* wishing she, too, could do something for them.
" Hut I can't," she said, despairingly. "I neve*- did ,anyUtdy .any real good in all my life,—only bothered them,’’ ¦iml I(<*se sighed ns she thought how useless .and aimless was her present mode of life.
"You’ll learn by and by," said the widow, in a tone unusually soft for her; then as if the sock she held in her lap had suggested the idea, she continued, "Can you knit ?"
Rose shook her head
" Nor your mother, neither?"
There's n
* LOVE AND WARN K
I
Oh h !
, gi8|ie<l Row; "hut more hqW jhB DISEASE IS DEVELOPED
There'e «0» reel y n hoy left |	AND CAN BE AVOIDED.
*
Mill he does a great Graham tells me,
A STORY OF SLAVERY DAYS,
HOLMES.
whose fuir, tward leu» faces should put to shame, n strong, full-grown man
like me. And another da sa, too, have | prom the Advance, KomptviUe, Ont gone, our laboring young men, If «v-	in a popular idea that rheuma-
ing Iwhind them poverty and llM l,' hjsm iH (Nmwul by exposure to cold, and helpless children, whereas I have noth-	some local it lea are infected with
ing <‘f Ihnt kind for an excuse. ^ i( moie than others. Scientists any Oh. I wish I had a dozen children, I hftt mirh C(>n(utions frequently proil* ‘hit would keep you I criv-1	mo(<, disease, hut from the fact that
the i usine idea flashing upon her that ; his ailment runs Incertain families, it she would at once adopt a score or L Kh(>wn to I*' hereditary, and conse-more of f how she had seen playing _uent |y tt disease of the blood, in the muddy Hollow that afternoon :	Frequently an Individual in whme
Mr. Mather smiled, and continued : | faml| rheumatism ham not occurred, "Suppose you try and accustom your- I ^yei ^the diaasse. and when ftdiag. self to the idea of living a while with- |lf>ifl6a (Xf ^e rase is made, it ie gener-
I shall not die until in y »|H aj|y f(>UIl(i that the ailment U due ta pointed time, and shall undoubtedly I derangement of the blood, corne I Kirk again Don’t you sec ?"	| Qne euch sufferer who has been cur-
No, Hose didn't. Her heart was too ^ ^ ('apt. U. W. Hecket, who lives in full of piin to see how going to war (he township of Oxford. Grenville was just as sure a method of prolong- bounty, ( apt. lleekrt in the owner of ing one's life as sta> itig at home, and 275 aci(X8i And lives in a beaut iful farm she sobbed iKissiun ilely, one moment j10|n^ OII‘	hanks of the Rideau,
n ce lining her husband of not loving h(Mno three miles from Kemptville. In her as h * used to, end the next beg- ad(jpit>u to Is ing a thrifty farmer, Mr. g ing of him to abandon his wild pro- |kl(,kt,t p.us taken an enthusiastic interest in our volunteer force, and has Mr. Mather was a man of firm de- graduated from the military college at vision and long before he broached the j'(>ruIlto w|th u first class certificate, subject to his wife, his mind had l»ecn ^ ^h entitles him to the rank of made up that his country called for ^aior. -j0 u reporter of the Kempt-him.—n it for somebody else—but for vmw Advance, l apt. Becket made the him ixTson illy ; that if the rebellion f0jlowinK
were to lie crushed out. men of wealth 0 j waa t.,ken suddenly with rheum-nml influence must help to crush it. u,jsin jn |)C)l j, my elbows and thigh not alone by remaining at home and .-nl8	-jp,, ^iin at times was some-
urging others on, though this were nn t hing terrible. 1 took medicine and importun! part, but by net un I ly join- doctored for over six months, but coning in the conduit, and by their pre- ^inued to grow worse and worse. My Hence cheering and inspiring others, arins from the elbow joints to tbs And Mr. Mather was going, too,—had ( •	()f (j10 fingers hemme numb and
in fact, already made arrangements to ^ ul a |>rp.k|y 8t.nsatlon. and I uvas untint effect, and neither the tears nor al)le ,(| (to any work ; in fact 1 could entreaties of his young wife could m)( j^t my hand to my head avail to change his purpose. But *n. ( ^yff^ed in my hips was almost he did not tell her so that night ; he uniusuruble and my legs were nearly as would rather come to it gradually, tak- usejess UH my arms. I hud frequently ing a different course from that which rM(j testimonials where Dr. Williams' George Graham had pursued, for where p-nk pjj|g ^id cured this disease, and George had left the decision wholly	j t bought. I would try them as
to his wife. Mr. Mu! tier had taken it jm ^ |men( t Before 1 had complet-wholly iijMin himself making it first ^ tirs* box I felt they were help-••Oh. you are ho kin-lT cri<-«1 Rose. «Cline	nf'onv..rdS. It was .	„n,| after I had taken the
ihinking to horself, how shod sond better so, ho thoupht. and having said	more than a month, the
Widow Simms some pineapple preserves all to her that ho avished to any on that	hld entirely left me. and I Jolt
such ns she had with dessert that day. occasion, he trod to divert her mind Rn a,„lgl.,|1,r different man I feel •Ihev grew to liking each other very into another channel. Out Hose was w|,h.,r, is no other medicine fas. after this, .and Hose staid until n" to I* diverted It hid come upon rould have wrought such a speedy ilie little round , aide was arranged her like a thunderbolt-th" thing she fUrp und j cnn truthfully say I met for tea and rolled to Annie’s bedside. *> much drenned -and she wept hit- , h(, pni,my	defeated htm through
There was no plate for Hose, the widow terly, seeing ,n h - future which only (h,. aid of Dr, Williams i*mk Pills.
mmmm
VA	Py MARY J

to have

muttered
; "Simpleton, simpleton!’ and Widow Simms, listen ing through the
while Annie
To Row it was some consolation that lorn was captain of his company,	,
hat his sol «tiers were taken from the keyhole in the kitchen
I his was whispered :
finest families in Boston fur better than if he had gone as a private, which of course he would not Mat her
in. He was too proud for that, and hut unless God wills it otherwise, die could never hive forgiven h*m the bullets will pass him by as well as
Still, viewed in any light, others "
Mrs
l‘lease don't talk that way
I know George is very tall,
the
disgrace
It was very sad, for Tom had been to Flivse i tore like a father than a bro- again, lher.	He was the pride, the head of speaking
the Carle ton family, upon whom her- wrong jelf and mother had leaned, the one said : since the day of her widowhood, and
the other since she could remember, something foolish He it was who had petted and caressed, shan’t I tell the servant to bring you and spoilt her up to the very hour some water? tube's in the kitchen. I when, at the altar, he had given her suppose," and ere Annie coulil exsway to Will. He it was, too. who had plain, Rose had darted into the neat tieen the arbiter of all the childish dif- little kitchen where X\ blow Simms ferences which had arisen between her- was stooping over the stove and kind self and Jimmie, teasing, naughty Jim- ing a fire, with which to make the mie, wandering now no one knew evening tea. where, if indeed he were alive. And at the thought of Jimmie, with his water saury eyes and handsome face, her will you? tears flowed afresh. What if he were Rose called out a little peremptorily ing and should join the army, like ily. for there was something rather Tom? It would lie more than she suggestive of defiance in the square, could bear, and for u lung time after straight hack which never moved a her husband left her. Rose sat wee;»- particle in answer t«> the command mg over the picture she drew of both "IVaf or hateful." was Rose a mental her brothers slain on some bloody comment, and as it might possibly he battle-field. The shadow of war was the former, she wished she knew the beginning to enfold her, and brought girl's name, as that would he more with it a new and strange sympathy apt to attract her for those who. like herself, had broth- Most every Irish girl is Bridget, she era in the army.	thought to her self, "and 1 guess On*
Again remembering Annie Graham, one it. Any way she arts like the she sprang up. exclaiming to herælf. girl that used to order mother out) "I'll go this very afternoon. She'll doors, so I'll venture upon th at name, he so glad to know what Tom thinks "Bridget, Bridget!" and this time of George!" and ere long Rose was the voice was decidedly authoritative picking her way daintly through the in its tone, hut what more Rose might narrow street which	led	to	the cot-	have	added was cut short by< he widow-
tage in the Hollow.	It was	superior	who	dropped the griddle with	a bang,
to most of the dwellings upon that and turning sharply round, replied: street, and Rose was struck at once "There’s no Bridget here, and if with the air of neatness and thrift ap- it's me you mean, 1 am Mrs. Joseph parent in everything around it. from Simms!"
the nicely painted fence to the little Rose had good reason for rememl»-garden with its plats of flowers just ering Mrs. Simms, and coloring crun-hudding into beauty.	son,	she tried to apologize:
"They have sc m better	days, lam	"1	beg your pardon; 1 did	not see
else Mrs Graham’s social your face. 1 supposed everybody kept
above her husband's," a girl ; and your back looked like------"
'Don't make the matter any worse,11
widow, smiling in
hid done mischief
I
Rose saw she
by her thoughtless way of and
she bent over
out me
th«
eager to repair
Annie and
I’m always doing You are faint;
*1 am sorry
.reel
''Girl, girl, Mrs. Graham wants some Hurry and bring it quick.
st«lenient :—‘ hour
yes r#
Again Rose shook her head, feeling quite ashamed i hat she should lack this accomplishment " Well
I be

"taint rwould take
I lie wi<low went on much use to learn now i year to git one stocking done, hut if when winter comes, that brother of yours wants socks and mittens, or the like of that, tell him I'll knit 'em for him."
sure, or
position was
was Rose’s mental comment, as she lifted the gate latch and passed up interrupted thi the narrow walk, catching a glimpse, spite of herself at Rose’s attempt to
"You thought
through the open window, of a sweet, excuse her blunder pale face, and of a thick stout figure, from my dress t hit 1 was a hired girl, flying through the opposite door, as and so I was in my younger days, and if anxious to avoid being seen.	[ don’t fee I none the w us for it nei-
Poor Annie had been very sick, and f her. Miss Ornham’s faint, is she ' th in once the physician who at- She’s had t ime t > get over it. T think
and filling a gourd
invited herself,
patronizing way. ed to see I he condescension it implied. It did n it. however, escape Annie s observât i, n but she could not feel angry with llie little lady touching her hune-Inndled knife as if she were afraid •f it. and looking round in quest of i he n îpkin she failed to find, for XX id-
hut han shed napkins from i he table as superfluous articles, which inswered no earthly purpose, save the putting an extra four cents into the
washerwoman. Ilarry
mort
tended her had suggested sending for Here's the wat°r
her husband, hut Annie, though miss- shell she handed it t-> Rose, who, in
to her. novel
Ing him sadly, and longing for him her admiration of th more than any one could guess, ml- drinking cup, came near forgetting ways opposed it. begging of Widow Annie.
Simms, who of her own accord went
w Minins
-	Rut. Annie did not care, for the ren-
in nurse her, not to write anything (,ounjpr h* tween the widow and Rose which would alarm him in the least.	done her quite ns much good as
So George, ever hopeful, ever looking	wat°r could, and Rose f«*ur<l her
on the sunny side thought of his blue- Pnighing the first really hearty laugh eyed wife as a little bit sick, and ner- sju» had enjoyed since George went it might tie, but not dangerous at and wrote to her kind, loving, cheering letters
keep her courage from dying within Annie was better now,—was that state of convalescence
picket of the Baker's mother
It was growing late, and the sunset shadows were already creeping into the Hollow when Rose * bade Annie goodbye, promising to	#
wondering as she took her homeward way, whence came the calm, quiet peace which made, Annie Graham so happy, though her husband were far _ the midst of danger and death. *nd so were many others whom Rosy hid heard that Annie wasaChris-nd so were many others whom ml they were much like herself -good, well-meaning amiable and submissive when every-hing went, to suit them, hut let their huslunds once join the army and they would make quite as much fuss as she, who did not orofess to lie anything, r—	- - - -	- — -	. . And then, for tho first time in her
she at first had used, having burned	rosb wished she. too, could learn
Low and n\Yr
worry, nature
Protect yourself against imitation! by insisting that every box you pur-cil IS" hears the full name Dr Williams’ Pink Pills for Pole People.
To Ho Continued

vous
away
FLASHES OF FUN.
nil
R ose said, as she
igain and
"Ii’s just like me
resumed her seat by Annie, listening Intently while she told how kind the Widow S inms had been, coming every day to stay with her, and only leaving her at night because Annie insisted that she should.
come
which did much to
She—Now. dear, we must begin to
economize. He—All right.	Begin by
making the bread lighter.	•
Always.—Lit( le Robbie—Pa, w hat’s a
man of the people? Pa—A candidate for office U-fore election day.
I have proposed to her just twelve
times and shall not propose another time. How superstitious you are, Mr. Rinks.
Hu Vlice has decided finally to marry an officer ? Yes. she captured him in whit she positively declares to be her last engagement.
Y.—Do you think Ike ever lies about
the fish he catches? C.—No, 1 don't ; hui I think he lies about the fish lu* doesn't catch.
Hicks—You want to know if Innerby
loves that girl ? Why, he actually loves her faults. Wicks—Lucky girl! She has so many.
Ef a man's wise, said Uncle Elien,
he’s Ixnin’ 1er run up agin lots o
questions dat he can't answer. Rut if
he’s smahi he won't own up to it, Love is not blind; nay ’t is not so ; Deep in my soul this truth 1 know. Madge loves me well, but makes outcry,
At every necktie that 1 buy.
Miss La Eitte—Mr. Spooner is a model husband. I>* Witte—Yes ; they say
he treats his wife as if he were a candidate for election and she were a voter.
Mary—Teacher s-.ys history repeats itself. Tommy—Well, [ guess it don’t.
And a feller's got to do some purty hud scruppin’ to l« able to repeat it himself.
I see, said the Cumminsville Sage,
that there are three varieties of dogs
that never bark, hut I never had the lu# to leep next door to one of them;
never yet.
Just by the way of a hint, you know,
I told her she looked sweet enough
to kiss. Well?, Well, she so id that was the way she intended to look. And so— Precisely.
Doyou think she really loved him ?
She ought to lie grateful to him at
least. Since she won her breach of
promise suit she has been the most popular young woman in town.
I guess Pm willin' to go, an id the
farmer, when they told him his hours
would be but few. It is iust a change from havin' my nose to the grindstone to havin' it to the tombstone.
her

just in
w hen she found it vet y hard to lie all day long, watching Widow Simms she bustled out and in, setting the chairs in a row with their six backs	1 **
wishing some one would come, when tell you, dul I f And there s something
non need the approach of Rose Mather. I where the widow was now splitting a 'Til make myself missin\ for mercy pine board kindling, Uie _ liew si,i’^Ui‘ll
knows l don't wan't to bear none of i .	... .......
It fairly makes , *"nt irely out.
Rose s manner and voice were very
conciliatory as she said :
"Please Mrs. Simms, come in and listen while I read what brother Tom has written about Mr. Graham and your Isaac,—something perfectly splen-Tom has volunteered and gone to Washington, you know."
It was strange how those few words changed the widow’s opinion of Rose. J’he fact that Thomas Car let on, whom i he Rockland people fancied was a Secessionist, had joined the Federal army, did much toward effecting this change, but not so much as the fact that he had actually noticed her hoy, and spoken of him in a letter.
"Miss Mather ain’t so bad after all," she thought, and striking her axe into t he log, she followed Rose to the sit • I Lng-room, listening eagerly while she read the few sentences pertaining to George and Isaac follows:
THE WORLD'S CREDITOR
even
away in
Kngllfth tield Invested In Every Corner of
I lie lilobr.
It was with very good reason that the Britisher is regarded abroad as a sort of walking money-bag. There is scarcely a spot on the globe, civilized or uncivilized, where his capital is not sunk in some enterprise, and the total amount of John Bull’s foreign investment s is something marvellous,
says an English pa;wr.
For many years past the sum lent by England to foreign Governments and municipalities, and invested in all sorts of industrial undertakings, iscal-culated to amount to a little short of £40.000,000 a year, or about £1 per head of the population.
As nearly as can lie estimated Great Britain has close vested in land and mortgage com-
inn
OH
Mrs. Simms ! exclamation.

-it-
way
and

Hill
turn .she knew,
people
-



i
your secession stuff
blood bile 1" was the widow’s next comment ; and gathering up her knitting she hurried into the kitchen, leaving Annie to receive her visitor alone.
Not waiting for her knock to he answered. Rose entered at the open door, and advanced at once into the where Annie was, her fair hair pushed bark from her forehead blue eyes usually brilliant, and her face scarcely less white than the pol-
lnw on which it lay.
Rose had an eye for the beautiful, and after the first words of greeting
she broke out in her inl-
and so have
from Annie's teacher something to sustain her in case her husband should go. But he wouldn't go,—and if he did, all the religion in the world could not make her resigned, —and the tears sprang to Rose's eyes ns she hurried up the handsome walk to the piazza, where* Will sat smoking his cigur in the hazy twilight. She told him where she had been, and then sitting u|Kin his knee told him of Annie, wishing she could l>e like her, and asking if he did not wish so loo Will mode n«> direct reply, thoughts were evidently elsewhere,and after a few minutes he said, hesitatingly:
my


diil

room
her
on £110,00:),000 in
His
panics.
This country has financed railways
Australia, various
were over pulsive way—
"Why, Mrs. Graham, how handsome you are looking I just like the apple blossoms. I wish your husband could
I'm sure he wouldn't
in India, Canada European, African, and South A me r lean countries, and even in thy I nited States to the tun* oi about
" Would it break my darling’s heart if I should join Tom at Washington Î”
There was a cry of horror, and Rose hid her face, in her husband’s bosom. "Oh, Will, Will, you shan't; you
mustn’t and won't! I d id-
le * weal
see yon DOW	,
stay there another hour. I think it's cruel in him. don't you ?"
The tears came at once to Annie's and her voice was very low as
£420,000,030.
When national governments live beyond their income they generally come over here for a loan, and they are aI-
in this way the
foreign countries hive
They were as
c,n t, you n’t know you ever thought of such a cruel thing. Don’t you love me any more ( I’ll try to do better, I certainly will !" and Rose nestled closer to him, holding his hands just is Annie Graham had cnee held hei husband’s.
bet ter,
neither could I love you more than I do now, Rose, darling,” Mr. Mather replied, kissing her childish brow. “But, Rose, be reasonable once, and listen while I tell you how, ever since the fall of Sumter, I have thought the time would come, when I should lie needed, resolving too, that when it came, it should not find me a second Sardana-
palus!”	'
The sudden lifting of Rose's head, and her look of perplexed inquiry, showed that notwithstanding the fanciful ornament styled a Diploma lying in her writing-desk, Sardanapalus had not the honour of being numbered amber acquaintances. But her heart too full to ask an explanation,
"By the way, Will, I find there’s a company here from Rockland appearing fellows, too, most of them are, and under good discipline. I am especially pleased with the second lieutenant ing man, and attracts attention whenever he goes."
"That’s George, you know,” and Rose, quite as much pleased as Annie herself, nodded toward the latter w hose pale cheek flushed with pride at hearing her husband thus spoken of by Rose Mather's brother.
"Yes. but Isaac
Where abouts does he come
eyes she replied:
"George does not know how sick I have been, neither do 1 wish to have It would only make his burden heavier to bear, and 1 try to care more for his comfort than my own.’"
This was a phase of unselfishness wholly new to Rose, and for an instant she was silent, then remembering Tom’s letter, she seated herself upon the foot of the bed, and throwing aside her bonnet, took the letter from her pocket, telling Annie as she did so that she. too, was now interested in the war, and in every one whose friends had gone.
"I never knew how it felt before,"
and I’ve made a heap of
Don't you re-
Fine
ways su re to get it colonies and borrowed from England the enormous sum of close cm £800,000,000, while he
him
He’s a magnificent look-
* You could not be much
liodiee corresponding to Knlish county councils and corporations owe nearly £25,000,00) more.
Curiously, while London is on the eve of a tragedy fur want of water, many foreign waterworks companies working on its capital. So are the gas compinies, tramway companies, and telegraph companies. And the total of British gold sunk in these undertakings amounts to nlxmt £25,000/#).
Altogether, there is about £1(0,01)0,-000 of this country’s wealth invested in foreign and colonial banks.
Moreover, it is calculated that Englishmen have about £270,000,001) sunk in private investments.
So that, in addition to having more money at home than England knows
what to do with it has £1,850,000,000 t° its credit abroad.
are
interrupted the
widow in r
pretty soon I'll get to him. There's more about George yet,” answered Rose, as she resumed her read-
Oh
sai
silly speeches. I know member that time in the Hall, when I talked about your husband being shot?
I am sorry, but I do think he's more likely to be picked off than Tom, who Is not nearly as tall. You are faint, ain't you ?” she added, ns she saw how deathly pah" .Annie grew, while the drops of perspiration stood ths-kly j go far toward keeping up the spirits about her 'ios.	I of his company, and some of the po-
ing
"I had the pleasure of talking with him yesterday, and found him very intelligent and sensible. If we had more men like him, success would be sure and speedy^HHl a great deal of fun and humor, which
ung
and her husband continued:
" Resides that, there was a mutual understanding between Tom and myself, th it if one went, the other would,
He has about him

###PAGE###3###
Il


1
\

*•
nT%
only h y brilliant success in f h* last, If in this cam he be not so stiffly unbending to t he high, as he is to the low, who shnll Id,ime him Î lie has climbed too high not to take every precaution against a fall.
But he will not fall—just yet, at any rate. Ho far as Fgyjxt is concerned, ho is I he man of destiny—the man who his l**#n preparing himself sixteen
me great purpose. For Anglo-Egypt he is the Mahdi, the expected,
1 he man who has si find exjierience and corrected error; who has worked at small things and waited for great, marble to «it .still and fire to smite ; steadfast, cold, and inflexible ; the man who has cut out his human heart, and made himself a machine to re-take Khar» tourn.
-JL *èsù
!
About the House.
t*

%
f-S fia
I
À •
»
A

m
HOLLYHOCKS.
They rise beyond the fountain rockH, These spinsters robed in dainty frocks.
So stately, prim and tall ;
Their hue the very rainlxvw mocks— These quaint, old-fashioned hollyhocks Against my garden wall.
Their crimson Their pink is like skies
While yet the sun is low ;
And if we tarn away our eyes They hold us with their witcheries And will not let us go.
Too coarse to cull for a bouquet,
And lacking fragrance, yet do they Compel us still to see ;
And as the breezes make them sway, What ribboned maidens are so gay In danoe upon the lea f
And when 1 look the garden through, A.id, mark, against the mountain's blue,
The moon upon them bright,
I know not how it is with you.
But as for me it is a true And exquisite delight.
The hands that set these posies here Are turned to dust this many a year— tio soon our dearest die I 0 Memory, in this nether sphere. What art thou but a constant tear That rises to Love's eye I
%
%



yearsf
m
#'.61/5




;|>r


I
the rose defies; the morning

e en



t



u
V
I

1*4/

OUR NAVAL STRENGTH
I
4
>.«et '
V

/
tnclo
Britain's Pouillon I naeanllnbl
Knf-my.
Tn view of the present situation il may point a moral if attention is drawl to the strong naval position of Eng I land in Europe, and to the reinforcements which could at short notice I* added to Ih** Hritiah fleet says the London Dully Mail. M. Guyot has told ui In the Siecle that a war with England would infallibly conduct to a new Sedan, and facts justify him in this startling prophecy,
in the Channel the forces of England and France stand as follows :
»
<*>
tv
mTH* \ 7/1
\
%

I
X
f
g
>5)
i
//
ÏS
t
l
8
\
ii


\
/
%
Wæ
fl
\
Vi
I
THE RIOTS IN THE PARIS STREETS
accompanied by pain it is neglected until finally other severe symptoms show, perhaps too late for cure, what the real trouble Is.
A limp that comes and goes repeat-"For the last two or three days I I edly. especially when the child can-
have found scattered stalks of the car- *Jot ®xP,ain why he walks lame, is a , „	..	, .	. danger-signal that even the strongest
dlnal flower, the gorgeous Karlet of adT(>oate ,)f (hfl "toughening" ey.tem
which it is a joy even to remember, ought to heed
The world Is made brighter and sunnier
by flowers of such a hue
MADE HIMSELF A MACHINE
were away raiding ; find although he succeeded in releasing a number of captives, he thought it well to retire himself wounded in the face by a bullet, without any decisive success.
The withdrawal was in no way discreditable, for bis fqroe was a jumble of irregulars and levies without discipline. Ilut it is not perhaps fanciful «“I»raed yesterday, though hopes had
to believe that the Sirdar, who has been expressed that it would he
In fh« London Daily Mail Mr. G. W. ïïi'f'iï	Z '	Tl "7 "	,
Stnvnx ,huH describes the Sirdar:- not forgotten his experience of hap- in
Major-General Sir Horatio Herbert ""xard Bashi-Uazoukmg at Handub. even battleah.ps, four cru.aers, e.ght Kitchener, is 48 years old by the book.	MEAI™ TO BE SIRDAR.	gunboats and eighteen destroy-
a I - —v:	|	,% A-HkTsS s ks - —-
it. Other bright flowers sometimes thy child of from twelve months to perinusly above most men's heads; his zeh. In 1890 he succeeded Sir Francis impress ms as wanting sentiment, hut two and a half years of age :	j motionsnre deliberate and strong; sien- ^renfel 1 os Sirdar. That he meant to
- ¦ “f '¦£ \	- " — - - « -
it amid the weeds and wild grasses Half a saucerful of oatmeal with rather than for power or agility; that nnd took the occasion to insult every and purple aaUrs. the most beautiful of cream and sugar. A few teaapoonfuls aim ie irrelevant.	( Hritish officer be cine across Kit-
our flowara the fringed gentian XVhat ot strained prune juice.	.	,	,	, , . I chener promptly gave battle ; he re- ' he British fleet
a rare and delicate almost aristocratic^ Thoroughly mashed potato, with a . ' T> passionless eyes, ."h ided by	hiKne<l, a crisis came, end	the Khedive	COULD	BE	FURTHER	REINFORCED
look the gentian has among its coarse! Ii.tt,l° b.utter' ,rre,a™ aJ"‘ *alt	t A ,!hi^	<1®<'IH‘ve hrow8' br.clc-red.	rather full	was obliged to do public	penance, by	by	thr<w	or	four	old	battleships,	eight
Err F.™™ EHE?''---” - ^
Xd’JZ™"’	V.Urf'. «MWI» Milk .....	¦«•"I", «or"
stem and branches are still green it is Raby tea—made of milk and warm He has no age but the prime of life, ®ing,e throw-back 1 he work has gone
ti/s SL::
cotton. Its amaranthine is instead of of fine-grained apple same.	Half a	lh* l,ra,n a"d the will are	the essence	back from each step until	the ground
high color. Its very brown center slice of bread with beefsteak	gravy.	of the whole rain—a brain	perfect and	» ^nsoUdated under the	last.
s^nshfne70nin this senescent	f Tr* **** „	" 80 humanly unerring, he is Nile. Fighting men may chafe and go
after-bloom beginning at the apex of A J1**1® «trained fig syrup, if con- more like a machine than a man	down W/Jh typhoid and cholera ; they
iS^ruirxavasrsFH-t; FT,-F'HiI WASTE“»™«*¦ rFws?Fr3?
£ rs ssnrj usax TZL..,,,, .....
bloom; that it is no longer ministered chicken or turkey, minced very fine. “ c<"nplete and the only master ing they see the Sirdar advancing up-to by sunshine and dew."—Edith M. Toast and Milk. Small lump of sag- of that art. Beginning life in the [,n 'hem from all sides together, and
Thomas.	ar for dessert.	, Royal Engineers—a soil reputed more tient°and swiftF oertaL/and relentless Tacht, the leading French naval paper
Oatmeal, crackers and milk. Baked favourable to machinery than to the Soudan machine rolls conquering *?ys of *h«m, " They are of extraor potato, cream, and salt. XV hipped human nature-he early turned to the southward.	{ « dm iry offensive and defensive strength,
cream, sweetened and flavored.	; Mà n i , * T . rT	M STRin* RTTT yft POPTTT in	* hay would have no reason to fear an
-a* usa "as’a.rv.M ;™;; sr„	s
custard, wipe jelly or melted vanilla, Asia Minor ; he was subsequently direc- man has disappeared The man Herbert 0t fh,! slx' f,mr hav<“ s'eamed at or chocolate ic. cream.	, tor of (he P,ie8tine Exploration Fund. Kitchener, owned the affection of pri- seventeen knots for twenty-four hours
leave—to see the bombardment of Alex- man Herbert Kitchener, but only the	1 o(her two me slower.
Sirdar, neither asking affection nor	0,1 r	d:'n<rer in lhe Mediter-
.....	. ..	_	„	, giving it	ranean is t he way in which our fleet
It has long been the fashion to slap	v "'K'nnmg u he ..oudan t mu-	fjjs 0ffjœra	„n(| men are wheels in	»« scattered. At	much a juncture our
the suffering youngster on the back	r>,®« “e appeared. He was one of the	the machine ;	he feeds them enough to	«bips—which are	none too numerous
without producing any especial re-	original twenty-five officers who set to	make them efficient, and works them	in th -ea—might well he concensus. Fond mothers, in order to re-	work on the new Egyptian army. And	0H mercilessly	as he works himself. He	.trat*d’ P^haps	such a ronnentration
1^ «'.teSrilSK t’ltdt » «V. ™, *	...... È" .„
Seize	both	hands	of	the	child	and	hold	,ever since—on I he staff generally fight-	Any officer who breaks down with the	sh|I>—the Cn nopus—nearly ready.	But
his arms	in	a	perpendicular	position,	ing often, living with natives some-	climate goes on sick leave once; next	, the unhappy strike	she and	two
The consequent widening of the <hest times, mastering the problem of the time hfl	and the Egyptian army °f h^r ««sters would by now have been
2L&sr	?-¦’»	-n, Hw h.,..., - "st,:	.....	.<....
fifteen years is that he knows every-	the Sirdar is unpopular, he is not. No	f,cers’ England could	add to	her
thing that is to be learned of his sub-	general is unpopular who always beats	«^renKth, lasides the	above ships.
In a village near Frauen.,urg. Ger- mrorstf olTL'by Zr‘lucce^	Tn	Tnd
It will make ner	boy	more manly	if «ho	many' *here has been « curious sue- Ho has inherited the wisdom and the	not whither, and fight at dawn with	twelve destroyers.	She could also
schools herself not	to	betray	sympathy	C€Sai<>11 ‘n °^lc® since	beginning	achievements of his predecessors. Ho	an enemy they have never seen, every	fM	by the purchase
for him in his physical troubles, runs j of the century. The schoolmaster there, came at the right hour, and he was the ïïnn goeH for,h with a tranquil mind. ™	or fon‘lvn p.°^ers
tSHfSHs-	*~~~
velop into a lifelong affliction.	village church, tor four g« n* i at ions the Abadeh sheikhs in view of an ad- ^P°t« lhe Sirdar knows, he wouldn’t
.,m;r ro -s™: I	r:...
ed, but he lost his wife and has just now himself bettered the then a ban- For of this one human weakness the wish to place in : heir hands, pre-pa id married the widowed daughter of bis domed project by going that way to	Sirdar is I relieved not to have purged	«• free sample of an	absolute cure for
predecessor, thus carrying out the vll- T^rh.r	himself—ambition. He is on his pro-	Catarrh. Bronchitis,	Irritable Throat,
lage tradition in	the	fifth	generation.	motion,	a man who cannot afford to	&‘*. It	is neither a snuf/, nor a wash,
ONLY WITH A	RAILWAY !	make a	mistake, Homilies against	nor an	ointment, but a pleasant	re-
Th.	.=,o„... kï'Ssjk
deH«i t he took over fioin Lord \\ olse- if apparently purely personal, is legf-	nasal passages, h or trial bottle
ley,	and indeed from	the immemorial	Hmnte «nd even lofty. He has attained	of (his	famous preparation and	in-
tJndertaker —	Well,	sir,	he did	give	Arabs; and then from his own stroke	eminent	distinction at an exceptionally	haler.	Address. N. C. Poison A	V(k
of insight and resolution, amounting	**rly age ; he has commanded victorious	Kingston, Out.
to genius, he turned a raid into an ir-	arm,?s at an par,y aK« when most men
resistible certain conquest by super-	are "oping to command regiments,
aeding camels with the railway. Others	fven. now junior Major-General, he
had thought ol the desert route: the hl« been entrusted with an army of Sirdar, connecting Korosko to Haifa. s,/ubrigades, a command much as fewr used it. Others had projected desert of hlH ™n,ors h«ve ever led in the field, railways; the Sirdar made one. That,
summarized in one instance, is the Fin illy, he has been entrusted with working of the Soudan machine.	a mission such as almost every one of
In 1887 and 1888 he commanded 8ua- them would have greedily accepted— kin, and it is remarkable that his the crowning triumph of half a gener-	Myrtle Now I know he was
most important enterprise was half a al ion at war Naturally, he has awnk- -wnmg. (Carence— V\ ho was wrong? failure. He attacked Osinan Digna at ened jealousies, and he has bought per- Myrtle—1 he man that said looks are Handub, when most of the Emir’s men mission to take each step on the way deceiving.
England. France
Battleships . Cruisers . . . Torpedo craft
8
0
4
4
INTERESTING SKETCH OF LORD KITCHENER OF KHARTOUM.
SAID OF FLOWERS
2
4
The port guard squadron of four battleships and one torpedo gunboat
A Pen Picture of the Hero of the Bootlae Poo rimy lug III» Slut meter-III» Life, HI* Method*, Ml» Ambition.
wever
Even perfume, which otherwise in the soul and
BILLS OF FARE FOR BABY
A writer gives the following §ug
spirit of a flower, may be spared when It arrays itself in this scarlet glory. I gestions, which mothers will apprecl It is a flower of thought and feeling, *te
stationed at each of the important ports.
At short notice the French fleet
!
old coast defence ships, as many cruis
ers, and sixty or seventy torpedo boats
In the Mediterranean the forces are as under—
England. France
Battleships. . Cruisers . . Torpedo craft
10

11
10
13
9

by four more good but small battleships and three or four cruisers.
England has at the present time, besides the ships enumerated above, a torpedo ram, a torpedo depot ship, and two cruisers in the Mediterranean. The last two have iust been relieved.
The battleships ofr the French Mediterranean fleet are, though few in number, all new and very fast. Le
r
THE WARNING OF A LIMP
There are two extremes, into one or the other of which many mothers fall— that of overeolioitude for their chi'dren, s fussiness and a tendency to coddle them, and to run with them to the doctor for every ache or pain ; and that of careless inattention to a child's complaint of feeling poorly or to injuries received in rough play.
In the first case the child is in danger of developing into an irritable, selfish valetudinarian, while the mother, by her worry, destroys the happiness of what ought to be the sweetest part of a woman's life, and is in danger also o< driving herself into a condition of nervous invalidism.
On the other hand, a mother who
A POINT FOR FOND MOTHERS
Here is an effective method of re-
lieving a child that has swallowed a morsel of food “down the windpipe."
and ria
<
habitually dismisses without a second thought every complaint by her child of discomfort or pain, or who thinks
A CURIOUS CUSTOM
SPECIAL FROM KINGSTON
danger to the child, hut the latter ia not without its perils.
There is one symptom, especially, that should never be passed over lightly in a child, and that is a limp—especially one that is intermittent. It may be nothing more serious than a slight sprain or a "stone-bruise,” or perhaps
mere footsoreness from unwonted I that horse I sold you? Was he quiet trumps over rough roads. It may be enough? due to a little muscular soreness or T rheumatism, or to a passing stiffness ' us a little trouble at first. We put him hi a joint resulting from overexercise; in one of the mourning coaches, you but—and this is where its seriousness know, and parties don’t like to be lies—it may be the earliest symptom shook up in . their grief. But we've of hip disease.	put him in the hearse now, dand we
This painful and crippling disease haven't heard any complaint so far. often, indeed usually, begins with an apparently insignificant limp, which comes and goes for perhaps several months before any other symptom of the malady shows itself. It is often attributed by the parents, and sometimes by the physician, to one or other of the above-mentioned causes or to a simple habit, and es it Is usually un-
NO COMPLAINTS
Horse Dealer—Well, John, how about
In Danger All the Time.—I would be afraid to place much reliance upon him at a critical moment. He looks like a man unaccustomed to danger. Nonsense! Why he lives on the line of a trolley road.
Clarence—l don't know what's the matter with me. I feel like a fool to-
/
AN OBLIGING COOK
Mistress — Mary, have I not seen a policeman in the kitchen nearly every evening this week?
Mary—To be course you have, mem, and mighty handy it is for yees to have a copper on hand in case yees should want one.
HE WILL NOT PALI
\

###PAGE###4###
Truly
aant. The plastic crust from which in centuries past has burst forth that splendid energy that has ever and anon vivified the world has not stiffened to adamant. The typical vigor, eruptive enterprise, the steady overflow of the higher life and I o ency are therr still, and the march of Empire is ever forward. Today hear oruin heat sounds on the far distant Pam* irs, we hoar the boom of the guns and see the flash of her steel in the rock passes of the Afridis. Her banners gleam at Hong Kong and Wei Hai Wei, and her flag floats over the vast insurant continents of the Southern Pacific. In tho whilom Dark Continent bugle calls to bugle from Bu!away< |in the south to Om-durinan in the north, and imperial outposts sentinel the Nile and Niger, while her cannon at Halifax and cannon at Esquimau, backed by 5.000.000 loyal subjects, stand guard and sponsor for the foremost and best of her possessions. Who dares to say that the Imperial eye is dimmed, the Imperial heart nuiubvd or that the irresistible might of her strong right arm is shatteredÏ Rather do wo affirm that the insular has become world wide, that the merely national has broadened into the truly Imperial, and that the sphere of Britain's influence and the grandeur of her power immeasurably advance.	,
Mr. Chairman, the proud citizens of Ottawa, the metropolis of so important a part of so Imperial a realm, thanks His Ex cellvncy for him kind sentiments and cordially unite in bidding him “ Farewell and b
The Gqu'ty-
NOW
SHAWV1LLE, NOV. 10, 1898
C
IS THE CHANGE MADE
in a man's persons! appearance by the suit he wears.
An ill-made suit will spoil a neat man's appearance, while an ill-made man appears tolerably nest in s neat suit.
It is stated that Mr. James McMullen, M. P., may be the next Lieut.-Governor
of Manitoba.
The W. C. T. V. will commence an ag Ration for the extension of the franchise to women.
A memorial is to be erected to the late Dr. Bergin, for many years M. P. fur the County of Stormont.
the time to prepare for .WINTER
is
Overcoats and Reefers 1 Overcoats and Reefers I Overcoats and Reefers ! Overcoats and Reefers I Overcoats and Reefers ! Overcoats and Reefers I
MIM
neat
Our Suits show a figure to advantage, and very much improve, and conceal the defect# in an ill made figure, and make it appear much neater.
Note Our List :
If Canada does not consent to the L'. S. proposals regarding the sealing question of the Behring Sea, our neighbors threaten the destruction of the seal rookeries which are under their control
that Canada must sell out her
Ulsters, Overcoats, Pea Jackets Overalls,
MENS
This
means
rights to the sealing grounds or retain them and be left without any seals to kill.
C. FRAME.
Overcoats,
BOYS’
Jackets,
Collars,
Muffs,
Mittens.
In reply to the delegation which waited on the Premier on Thursday last, asking that a prohibitory law be enacted, Sir Wilfrid told his interviewers, In a pleasant speech of many words, thatjthe Government would take all that had been said in behalf of prohibition into its consideration
In variably used by governments when the intention is to do nothing. The people who hope for great things from Sir Wilfrid, however, will have, at least, those hopes to exist upon for some wteks to come.
P. S.—Oveki'uts.
LADIES’
Have a look at them. We think our prices lower than others’.
Splendid freize coats,
—$3.75 up.—
Season of 1898.
The Pontiac Woollen Mills
on voyage
Typhoid fever is creating havoc among U. S. Troops at Manilla.
This is the stereotyped reply
We have a good stock of Men’s Fur and Cloth Caps at much lower prices than usual.
NOTICE
TO FARMERS.
Having been thoroughly overhauled are again in full operation, fulfilling the requirements of the farmers of the surrounding country.
For the greater convenience of my customers, in addition to my Storehouse at Bristol, I hare erected two new Store houses—one at McKee's and the other at Wgman's— and am prepared to buy all kinds of good, clean Grain, for wh ich I will pay the highest price the market will allow.
The United States of Central America was created on the 1st instant, being com posed of the Republics of Nicaragua, Salvador, and Honduras of the new federation was adopted at
The states
J. H. SHAW.
Be sure and get our prices for
The constitution
«AEROBES.
Managua, in August last are small, so that the new union is not a very formidable one, but as controlling of the two practical routes for a canal
P. S.—Ladies Jackets.
one
between the Atlantic and Pacific oceans, ita importance may yet be considerable from a commercial point of view. It is
I
E. HODGINS Si
SONS.
done on shortest notice and with the usual satisfaction
to customers.
i 41 United States " in America, the others being our neighbors immed iately to the south, Mexico, Colombia, and Brazil.
the
E. GRAHAM.
The large stock of Goods In connection, namely of->
Elmslde, Oct. 17th. iW.
Deductions of The Plebiscite.
CALL
TWEEDS,
WORSTEDS,
SERGES,
FLANNELS,
PRINTS,
J. C. WIcQuibf
P BO VI NCI A L FVANVHISES HAVE CUT OFF 134,887 DOMINION ELECTORS.
MILLINERY
OPENING
UNDERTAKING.
J
Glancing over the vote of the plebis cite, it is noticed that 221-2 percvut was pollvd for prohibition, ‘21 1-2 per cent polled against and 50 per cent remained u pdlcd. Less than one half of the was polled and less than one quarter of ic was for prohibition. The argument of anti-prohibitionists will be, as far as prohibitionary legislation is concerned, thit the 56 per cent cannot be regarded as a neutral element. They on the contrary, will claim that the unpolled vote w ta hostile, otherwise the vote would bj r orded. It will also be argued that
thou who did not vote cannot be expect-1 UDArpRlFg ed to take any great interest in enforcing 1 uixvvl.ii ,
a prohibitory liquor law if ono was passed, seeing th^y did not a-*k for it. As already staged the majority for prohibition
was 13,884.
Of the total electoral vote, the percentage pulled for prohibition in the different
EH&EySSl m SmmmIIi WXL
British Columbia, 16; North West Ter-
The total
Butcher
wa
and
Grocer
vo
Miss Amin McRae’s,
will ho found ready for the Fall Trade with a choice supply of
SUCCESSORS TO
A. SMILEY, UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, QTJE.
will be found of the latest design, of superior manufacture, and at prices that cannot be honestly under, e Cllt# • •
Shawville,
SA TURDA Y, SEPT. 10.
fresh ami Cured
• • •
MEATS
—with a complete stock of
The above firm having purchased the Undertaking business and equipment of Mr. Arthur Smiley, have also secured his services as manager of the same for a term of months, which is a sufficient guarantee that the requirements of the establishment will be fulfilled with the same degree of satisfaction as formerly.
A COMPLETE ASSORT- g g Jl MENT OF ALL THE g*g 11	|
LATEST %YLES IN 1 1	|
CANNED GOODS, CONFECTIONERY, CANDIES (all kinds)
i
An
— COMPRISING—
Ladles’ Walking llats.
Ladles’ Sailor Hats,
Children’. Tams, &c.
Inspection
also a variety of—
WILL REPAY INTENDING BUYERS.

—ALSO A NICE RANCE OF
SILK VELVETS,
— 0
A complete stock of Funeral Supplies
will be kept on hand.
—OFFICE AT THE OLD STAND—
MAIN STREET, - - SHAWVILLE.
JA8. GRAHAM.
ritorios, 27; an l Quebec 8	.	. .	..
percentage of the electoral vote polled	A call will convince intending
(both for and against) by provinces was	purchasers that our	goods are
as follows:—Ontario,47; N »va Scotia, 39;	as represented, and	that
New Brunswick,40 1-2; Prince Edward	pi ices will compare	favorably	_____
Island, 42; Manitoba, 31; British Cotum-1 with any store in the county. $ | mvjted. bia, 29; North West Territories 39; and Quebec 35.
'lue returns have brought out a rather p*cu!iai and somewhat interesting fact regarding the Dominion franchise. The vote was taken on the provincial lists.
These now constitu e the Dominion list.
Th ‘re were on the lists at the recent pleb-
But accord-
A. HODGINS,
PROPRIETOR
FLOWERS d
FEATUEES
our
An inapectson of stock ia respectfully
J. G. McGUIRE,
J AS. CUTHBKRTSOS.
AftMS K
ft chosen wftfi x \
MAIN ST., SHAWVILLE.

’SL*
NEW
GOODS
?
??
new 111. j. mm
'i
iscite vote 1,233,849 votes
55 ii:2r,rsi S. «!? .h.”, | Furniture
Furniture

3

were 1,308,735 persons entitled to vote. So that 4 years after the making of these Hats with the natural increase of population added in that time and the extension of the franchise in the provinces, particularly in Ontario, there was a dim-
voting power of the county of

}
SHAWVILLE, QUE.

3
I am now receiving and
into stock a complete range
o
y.
L
\\
y
V
House & Sign Painter, Glider, Glazier, Decorator.
Furniture, I ”<
\
y

mutton in
134,887 votes
fs
I
Mp 5.
FALL GOODS
m
l
1
good quality and of all styles at
Hon. Geo. E. Foster made a brilliant Amaziüglj LOW PriOOS the Ottawa citizen a farewell
FOR CASH.
Britain’s Greatness.
«.’¦I I
•f
£ Marlin Repeaters ?
%	r
V tells nil about them, t p-to-date	Of
matton about powders.black MidemoKe- xz
to, kssum:» i
ti:	3
V
<
OF ALL LINES
PATRIOTIC AND ELOQUENT SPEECH BY THE
HON. 060. E. EO>TER.
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTKNDEDTO.
To which 1 wish to call the attention ot iny customers and the public generally.
(ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
speech at
banquet to Lord Aberdeen ion he said:
«* It has been often said, not so often
now as some	that Britain	HHi
«/rowing decrepit and infirm, that her i	'w
power was waning, and that the lime was
Sjsaïïi “;r,n‘ JAMES M°ARTHUR
London bridge and survey the rum. of an
Empire greutir than Rome had ever beu). |	S H A WjV ELLE.
I deny the assumption and I protest with ali iny heart against the inference. The
expansive, the sMitnilaive, the cohesive
power of Britain is neither dead nor stag-
The goods have been selected with great care and bought at close figures, and it is my intention to share both of these advantages with intending purchasers.
RST- CLASS WORKMANSBIP^AND 8AT-
/
<?
I8FACT10N GUARANTEED.
m
W>'
o
The
For Prices on MARLINS, (any callbrt) consult YOUR NEAREST DEALER.
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
9
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
SILAS YOUNG, t&__Starke's Comers.
?




###PAGE###5###

/fi
-
1
y
FRANCE RETIRES FROM FASHODÀ
Sheep Astray.
1,14 "•"szæssS-**'
tou lu sit. Information that will lead to their recovery will be moat thankfully received
J. C. and 8. D. Warrington, ohe—e buyer* of Montrent, have assigned, with Ofdi 147,000 liabilities.
Special Value
The Dreyfus Trial
THK BANQUET TO GENERAL KITCHENER A
SPLENDID AFFAIR.
A HR AN'; KM K MTS MADE TO PROCEED WITE THE HVPPL1MENTARY EN QUIET.
Paris, Nov. 1.—The criminsl section of the court of Cassation this afternoon appointed counsellors to proceed with • supplementary inquiry into the Dreyfus case and counsel for the Druyfut family went to the ministry of war for the pur% p'Me <»f studying the secret «I merits in the case
as minister of war. pending the installation of his successor. M. De Freycinet, raised difficulties about delivering the documents and allowed counsel to inspect certain of them.
MRS. JAB McTIERNAN.
8th R. Clarendon
London, Nov. 6 from Fashoda. '*
That was tho important announcement in Lord Salisbury’s speech, at the great .	. c. . banquet given to General Lord Kitchener
z	night
millinery or dre**-making shop, a pait of Coupled with this, however, was .this my Dwelling House adjoining. For terms I gtateinent by the Premier i “ I must
ePpl,on",eMK8.(WllDOW)C.MCCAQO. not be understood a. saying that all I
1 causes of controversy are removed. That is not so. Doubtless there will be many __
discussions between us; but a somewhat | J? âll NOVÔltlÛS 111 acute dangerous cause of differenoee has been removed. ”
The banquet was a great success and the decorations were very elaborate. The guests who wore full dress uniforms with ribbons and decorations, included the Duke of Cambridge, the Marquis of Sal isbury, and tho other cabinet ministers;
Lord Roberts of Kandahar, Lord Strath.
ERNEST de KIRVYN V0LKÆR8-1 cona and Mount Royal, Sir William Ver .
BEKE. in Belgium, and BEAUDOIN pk ] non Harcourt, Lord Rosebery, Lord
Wolseley, the commander in chief of the forces; Lord Russell of Killowen, the
lord chief justice of England; Lord Cur Aw fîlâffâllt RlllffO Of zon of Kedleston, the newly appointed |	®	©
viceroy of India; Sir Joseph Lister, n dent of the Royal Society; the Duk Marlborough, Mr. Henry White, the United States charge d'affaires; Baron Rothschild, Judge Lambert Tree, formerly United States minister to Russia and others of the highest rank in the British Empire. In all there was about 350 guests present.
Kitchener, who was seated on the right of the Lord Mayor was received with tremendous cheering. Lord Rosebery toasted the army, paying a splendid tribute to Kitchener for his great campaign.
There was a feeling of expectancy throughout the speeches, and everything that could be construed as an allusion to
France will retire
easiness Stand lo Rent.
WATERPROOFS CHOICE BLACK DRESS GOODS
»
IN
»
M. Lockroy, who is still acting
o
Bryson, Sept. 36, 1H98.
Canada.
Province of Quebec District of Pontiac.

COLORED DRESS GOODS
AND SILKS...........
STYLISH JACKETS
Superior Court.
For Sale.
No. 338
JEAN BAPTISTE ALPHONSE PIGEON, of Bonfleld, In the District of Nlpleslng In the Province of Ontario, trader,
ONE OXFORD-DOWN HAM (registered.) Piire-M
Apply to
TH08 MoDOWELL
Plaintiff.
7th R. Clarendon,
or to Sliawvllle P. O
vs
In the Leading Colors.
KIRVYN V0LKÆR9BEKE of the towns ship Duhamel In the County and District of Pontiac,
o


Defendant
.
.
CLOAKINGS & CAPE CLOTH LADIES’ VESTS MISSES’ VESTS, CHILDREN’S VESTS
reel
i
The Defendant, Ernest de Klrvyn Volkærs beke, Is ordered to appear within one month.
, Bryson, 3lst Oct. 1898.
0 of
I


1
C. BAR9AL0U

Prothonotary
D R. BARRY
PlalnUflTM Attorney
STOVES.
1
Province of Quebec District of Pontiac.
I
Ii all Sizes and great yariely o: Prices.
Superior Court.
The season for Stoves has now set in and the public will find mo fully prepared to nidot all their requirements with a first-class assortment of
o
No. 294
DAME MARY MCVEIGH of the Township of Litchfield. In the said District, widow of the late Michael Hughes, In his lifetime merchant of the said place, has well In her name as In the quality of tutrix to the minor children, issue of her marriage with the said Michael Hughes, and Michael James Hughes and Thomas Francis Hughes, both farmers of the said Township of Litchfield,
Have you seen the Flannelettes and srfi“V£rr“KÏÏI| Ready-to-Wear Wrappers at-
Salmon alluded to the “ preparedness of the navy " and Lord Lanedown to the “ readiness of the army. " there were prolonged outbursts of applause.
Lord Salisbury in proposing the toast to the guest of the evening paid him an eloquent tribute, afterwards adding :
“ This afternoon I received from the French ambassador the information that the French government have come to the conclusion that the occupation of Fash oda is of no sort of value—(prolonged laughter and cheers)—and that they have thought, in the circumstances, that to persist in an occupation which would only cost them money and do harm, merely because some bad advisors thought it might be disagreeable to an unwelcome neighbor, would not show the wisdom with which, as 1 think, the French Republic has been uniformly guided.
“ They have clone what I believe every government would have done in the
position—resolved that the occupation.	_	, a .
must cease. ’’	Paria’ N‘>v ?.-Pre.n.er Dupuy s hrst
Kitchener’s reply was a modest one, announcement in the Chamber of Ueput
A stri- ies yesterday was considered a somewhat
: “ We do not
COOKING, BOX
G. F. HOGGINS’
1BPUTIIML SEE ?
AND
PARLOR STOVES
Plaintiffs
WITH EVERYTHING TO FURNISH THE KITCHEN IN THE
—LINE OF-
Tin and Agate Ware,
at prices am low as the lowest.
vs
EUGENE DEROIN, formerly of Leslie but now absent from this Province,
Defendant.
0
and
P. S.—FURS are moving out rapidly
JOSEPH ROY, trader, of Leslie, afore-
said
Furnaces. Steam & Hot Water Heaters
Tiers Salmi
The Defendant Is ordered to appear within
one month.
Bryson, Oct. 31st, 1898.
satisfactorily fitted uj
H. PERRY,
MAIN ST. - SHAWVILLE
C. BaRSALOU
Prothonotary,
It is pointed out by a trading member of the ministry that owing to the email supply of this article now in the United States, aud as Quebec lias almost unlimited spruce forests this province can easily hold the whip handle of the situation and dictate terms. The government is asked to protect Canadian workmen and force the manufacturer of the pulp in Quebec, by imposing a stum page on all pulp wood cut and giving a rebate of three quarters of it on all tuch wood turned into pulp in Canada. It is believed that if the min* isters would adopt this policy many places might be built up alongside of Quebec water falls, such as Grande Mere, where one Pulp Company has spent about two million dollars in a few years.
Dupuy’s Policy
D-	Plaint Iff.
HR WILLNOT LEAVE THE ARMY TO SUSTAIN UNJUST RESPONSIBILITIES
Shawville
same
Hog for Service.
LIVERY.
The undersigned offers to farmers the ser vice of his pure bred Yorkshire Hog: Fee-one dollar
giving great pra'se to his troops	¦_
king feature of the scene was the presence important one. He said of a number of young officers of the leave the national army a butt to the cam Guards, Life Guards, and Twenty-first paign or insult waged against it if we L mcera who had served with the Sirdar, place it above the blind polemics which Several of them were wounded and walk- futilely seek to throw unjust responsible
ed with crutches or with their arms in hies upon it. In the opinion of individuals this is only safe means of calming the public mind, disturbed by an affair which cannot much longer cause anxiety to the republic. The government’s foreign pob icy will be inspired by the interests of the , country and care will bo taken that our menier, the chocolatb kino ma\ 1 AL SK efforts are only proportionate to the value
Tiovule.	0f the object at stake. "
A
J AS. ARMSTRONG,
Green Lake
o
Shawville
Sash and Door Factory.
McCreiie & Hôte, Proprietors.
First class horses and rigs at popular prices.
Special attention paid to the commercial trade.
?lings
A French Station on the St. Lawrence.
BftKhes, Doors. Mouldings, Blinds, etc., manufactu ed to order.
All kinds of Matching and Planing done on shortest notice.
Estimates Furnished.
McArlMr k Tent
Mr. W. C. McDonald, MvGiil's generous benefactor, takes in that institut on cf learning by presenting to the department of electrical engineering the sum of $30.000, with which to purchase the best and most modern electrical apparatus. This gift will enable the department to ac quire much neeeded apparatus, and it is said that when all is in place the department will take first zank among the many departments of electrical engineering on the continent.
Quebec, Nov. 1,—Mr. Chamberlain has been warned by the threatening con dition of the relations between France and Great Britain that it will bo well to look sharply after the attempt now being made by France to establish a French station at the mouth of the St. Lawrence.
Tho attempts of M. Monter, the choco late king, to -establish a boycott upon everything English on the Island of Anticosti, may or may not have been the cause
.if the action of the Imperial authorities, I All the returns from the constituencies but certain it is that the colonial secretary have been received by the Clerk of the has cabled to the Governor General cal' Crown in Chancery, and he has complet* itig his attention to the condition of affairs ed his calculations. The total vote polled at that important part of the gulf, and was 543,042, out of a total on the lists of the truth of the alleged story that there is 11,233,8*49 voters. The division was; danger of the establishment in Canada of a state within a state.
Lord Aberdeen has forwarded the enquiry through his ministers to Attorney-General Archambault of this province, who has been asked to make a complete
3
Compolte Plebiscite Returns

CNOttawa^
Business College.
(Established years.)
WMS
«
THE VOTE FAVORS PROHIBITION BY THIB
TEEN THOUSAND
Si
f
PEii Pacific Jflicüoo By.
The full plebiscite returns are officially
made.
The majority vote for prohibition is 13,883.
Fall term commences August 15th. A permanent staff of four experienced able expert teachers ; thirty two years of uulnter-rupted success ; being endorsed by the leading business and professional men of the Capital ; each graduate getting the Dip oma of the Business Educators’ Association of Canada; the success of our graduates (they are to he found everywhere) are points for your consideration. Send for new Catalogue.
JOHN KEITH, Principal, 148.154$ Bank St., Ottawa.

Official Time Table
p.ar
A K
Ship Burned at Sea
5.45 Leave
A y I m e r tBr* ckenri-.'ge t Bard..y
Arrive 145
9*1
6 0
0.12
9.06
CLYDE LINER CRETAN LOST OFF CAPE
CHARLES.
r at
8.58
8 16
(
si lî;
6 2.1
t Mohrs Q si yon Wyman's tfank Bristol McKet-’s StiHwville Clark ’k
Campbell’s Bay tTai.k • f Vinton Coulonge
8.50
8-17
8 40
278,464
264,570
For Prohibition.... Against Prohibition
S 22
84
Vineyard Havetl, Mass., Nov. 4.—Captain Hale and a number of the crew and passengers of the Clyde steamer Cretan, New York for Wilmington, N. C\, and Georgetown, S C., arrived here this afternoon, reporting that the steamer was burned and sank off Cape Charles, November 1st. Five persons were drowned. The steamer carried a general cargo.
The Cretan was but twenty hours from New York on her way to Wilmington and going at a good rate of speed, with a smooth sea and calm weather, when at 3 p. in , a fireman came hurriedly on deck and reported that the ship was on fire. A general alarm was given and an effort made to lower the boats, but the fire spread with euch rapidity that ali efforts to reach were unavailable. In less than ten minute after the fire was reported, the ship was completely enveloped in fiâmes from stem to stern. Shortly after the fire was discovered an explosion took place in the cargo, which blew off the after hatches. A second explosion followed a few minutes later and the ah p was then a mass of flames. It was at this time that Captain Hale, seeing that to remain on tl.a vessel meant death, gave orders for all hands to jump overboard and save themselves as best they could. The captain was the last man fn leave the ship, remaining on 'deck with his first officers until they were completely enveloped in flames and the vessel had commenced to •ink.
8.14
8.66
8 08
85
8 02
1
"DBADY
V	—FOR—
Tie Winter Traie
7 52
n
13,884
Majority for
7.31
15
7 18
It will be seen that the prohibition vote report upon the whole matter and to state I 0f 278,463 was under 23 per cent of the whether under terms by which Mr. Men- electorate—less than quarter, ier has secured possession of the island	provinces the majorities stood as
there is any danger of Anticosti becoming | fojj0 the sight of a French out post in tho St
7.16
i
7.06
• 54
8.30
«.39
Me
*.47
II .8
Leave 6.30
Walt ham
•FLig Station. ? Tank. fFlag Station
*.55 Arrive
Majorities For
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway
Aylmer,
TnTENDING PURCHASERS will find me 1 now in readiness for the approaching Winter trade with a large stock of
39,224 29,216 17,335 . 8.315 .9,412 .3.414
Ontario..........
Nova Scotia......
New Brunswick.
P. E. Island, ...
Manitoba...... .
Northwest.., .,.
Paris, Nov. 3 —Joseph Vacher, the | British Columbia French Jaek the Ripper, whose record of crime surpasses those of most of the notorious murderers of modern times, has been condemned to death.
The case of Vacher is of more than or dinary interest, both from a psychological and a judical standpoint. Though the prosecution has placed only seven murders to hie charge. Vacher insisted that he had wilfully killed twelve persons, mostly young girls.
Vacher'* victims, for the most part, country girls. It was shown during the trial that he would waylay shepherd esses when they were returning home
After
French Ripper Condemned
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
m
CUTTERS

THE MURDERER OF TWELVE GIRLS BEN
TENCED TO DEATH.
m
PATENTS
¦
983
Got up in the latest and most stylish designs and finish.
An Inspection of these first-class Rigs Is respectfully Invited.
107,899
PROMPTLY SECURED
*
Majorities Against
94,015
Quebec. Total for
Write for our interesting books * Invent, ore Help” and “How you are swindled. Send us a rough sketch or model of year . cut ion or improvement and we will tell a free our opinion aa to whether it is obably patentable. We make a specialty f applications rejected in other h«t;i<is. Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS * EXPERTS
civil â Mechanical Engineers, Graduates of the Polytechnic School of Engineering, Bachelors in App.led Science», Laval University, Members Patent Law Association Americao Water W orks
Kite land Water Works A «soc.
ber C
13,884
o
As usual I am prepared to execute all orders for
-

i
The Export of Pulp Wood
Sloops, Sleighs, 6tc.,
*
QUEBEC' GOVT. MAY TAKE STEPS TO PKE
VENT IT.
I
or anything in connectijn with the Blacksmithing business.
were
Quebec, Nov. 4 —A matter which is engaging the serious attention of the Provincial Government just now is that of preventing the exportjof pulp wood to the United States.
Association,	¦ ¦
P, u. Suiveyor» Association, Assoc. M Society of tftvtl Engineers.
; sssssssaasst “
ARTHUR SMILEY,
with their flocks towards evening, •tabbing the poor girls he would late their bodies with a razor.
muti
SHAWVILLE, HUE-
###PAGE###6###













THE TALLET OF DECISION
at ruction, it will
sen
mmrJmmi WÜL telISpiiF
®s$*ss Mmmm mmms
feel that you am on the way to eter- serpent and stingeth like an adder. * ,,f th* /mm. » h -	here are At few* weeks after that, one hot sum- gathering a little more sordid earth
nity, and you want to know whether Quit the path ol sin. my dear brother; w«nl to leaih/vi./ nh ¦'	<!lgh,e P®0P|e in (h it neigh- h«e your soul for ever f Some of you
niKht, of infinite moment, to come to You decide now whether you will keep r*,m« M w , ,u Hervl<e8l’ ,l . d ment, with almost supernatual en- I•oui, and might, and strength. He ie
7—f~- 'SS-fiSL::
iety as I look down U[K)n this audi- to-night whether you will have Christ, vou hi	/. rem*mber 1 baptised I windows on tbit hoi summer night, waiting ten. twenty, forty, sixty, eigh-
enoe and 1 cry .-—"Multitudes 1 multi- or refuse Him. There are some people , r	® 1 her s dying bed, didnt But I have seen others go up in years, and you are not getting into
Je-E—HH	™ tes® ifiS-sS'-SEE
Uk the court-house a good deal, and ! me say there is no pardon or heaven ««i	y «w? « ^1 lkp	f 'r ^erer* up. 1 he time of my departure *n4 have been told its plainly what
the most thrilling moment that lever without the friendship of Christ. If am nM	I replied; m is at hand. I have fought the good If to sit down in a lost eternity.
der heir verdict. 1 he court-house is blame you for not coming to Him; but < h* » »,,,_ k »ty N\e 1 ? m u 1 ”1' 111	» «***..* hich the Lord, the righteous ^Plr»t breathe upon this "multitude in
fiH«d with spectators; the man is on “ such a precious Jesus. Why ? church un ™ t .°, iT“,b'h8„t îlL I fU,lge’ wi“ «“’« me." That .lying Ut- lh,^ valley „f decision."
State .md for the defendant have spok- pleurisies, dropsies, palsies. He lift- J!Î*„°n“ï’ an'1 otter "*? ha“d ^ery eyrie on the cliffs. I had an uncle, a tn?*» of voice. He now addresses you the jury, after long retirement, <‘d up the fallen, pardoned the impure, I-..-.	1 w<)man .l9	, 1111 !\ a. | minister of the Gospel, who came into w*th une tone, /the time will come
fiFFFnFr-SG	pS™
room* Ihen the clerk of the court ns- His hack ro any scourge, Hisfeei to any m?n,Vi i 1 ^ pfnyera will com- I don’t know what’s the matter with lov®. "Como unto me; all ye who are es and says: "Gentlemen of the jury, *P'ke, His soul to any anguish. Oh.	, We WV* dt) yt,,u good’ . ,ne " hp replied,” but 1 am certain weary and heavy laden, and l will give
E-F r--:: ^	PSs
Foreman, do you find the defendant —1 don't see how you can sit there wm •	' 1 he wholti people of . (,od then legan to soy. " The Lord is my deeper tone, a condemning tons: "Be-
guilty or not guilty ?" The moment lie- without crying out, "Lord. Jesus. 1 Vnl1 [ **, up Aa °“e ,Ilun to	«^P/Pherd ;	[ shall not want. He ™use [ called and ye refused, and
¦r ? F-EH- rSS	PFFHHÎE5 FEClrSS'SC
when the foreman gives the verdict and bleeding feet, and bleeding side, wm t 1 hokU : 6?t I die, and there the valley of the shadow of death. I fear cometh."
of the jury, is the most thrilling mo- and bleeding brow, and bleeding heart, , a ,.urlt¥, 1 ?, .<orsdjdo,i° Wtul\ fe;ir no evil ; Thy rod and Thy "To-day. if ye will hear His voice.
~«“•     arc".r;csc.ate.sum.sstes.îsk
jo-night, I feel that we have empan- one. Put not thy foot of blood upon V VflI,ey of decision.	, sence of mine enemies. Thou a noin- Say will you have t his Christ? or no?"
Deled a great jury, not of twelve men, nty soul. back with thee into the * remark, further, that you are to , («st my head with oil ; my cup runneth but of thousands; all the arguments wilderness of thy sorrow ;" Will you decide now whether you will have a over Surely —goodness-and— mercy
*-* «- r ...........................	ts
•outs, have U^u made, the Judge of worshipping Him, wonder what you c,nnot always stay here. I don’t i —of—t ha I^ord for ever." And when earth and heaven has given his charge, will do with Him! Messenger angels Jbink there are fifty persons in the he' had finished the psalm he had fin-and now you are to render a verdict bovering above us. gaze to see what “ouse sixty years of age; 1 don't think '^d life. Between those two death-
The auction	.. , you will do with Him. The Church of [h//e *re fifty persons in the house	choose ye-l>etween the rough of
M q	* gu *v 1 110 bu,l y « e^irth and heaven stands looking off Hfty years of age; I don't think there 1 hat storm, and the dropping of that
DLay the Spirit of all grace come down into the conflict, aa from a tower men nfp twenty persons in the house to- sunlight. Why go howling out of the upon my heart and upon yours, that	off upon a battle. The forces of oight seventy years of age. Why? world like a fiend, when you can go
we mny be enabled now to discuss the light ni>w triumph for your soul, and L,fe }? fru°b a gauntlet, that men can’t smging like an angel. I hear a cry nr	4 ¦	,	. now the forces of darkness gain vie- run 't. Oh. there is something con- <*uming up from the audience—it
<r nve great issues that are îm-1 tory against it ; the tide of battle wav- stantly reminding me that we are unanimous cry, and it is this; "Let
pending.	ing forward, backward—forward, back- lK,8#ing away. Hiding along to-night met die the death of the righteous,and
The first question which you are to ward. And this the valley of decision, through the outskirts of the city, for Uiy last end be like his."
-"id* " — r~ avis"...	'“if!.;:	s ss «îk.k.v
,-.6srftatesssîwrbi	iT&rJatSte: sr*27*-%%; —?«** »< -	< - -
so much right to the Measured ihi* ljle 1 hurch. You say there are great nions preaching all along this road; 1 there is only one kind of world ahead, , ever ^und in the reefs themselves, world as the Christian Tell me one 5?i?Dy wrong things about; I know it. f'°™, tke text; We all do fade as a a"d it is all sunlight and brightness. ; They ! relieve, on the other hand, that
S-HS»	pHE-EHS
comes to Him on the limits If	ll»e.Church that 1 wouldn’t (rust with <he floating of the clouds, some- also.'and He is a King They say God Wl11 grow in strong brine ; but wilh so
HrsStKSSBtEr3£a =' ™F -
plete vou if vvdTl notVM, vm, nf 1 thpmae,ves with the people of God are time, but we hear in the tick; "passing How do you explain the groaning : Growth could take place, hxpenments gle satisfaction There i« n«»i one	nt>t of	60rt- There are a great	away;" or look at the hand, but we see	that conies up	from China,	India,	carried out in Australia havn shown
in all the round of en iovm»>nt * t h	many mean bankers ; does that make	*n its movement; "passing away."	Prance Spain,	America—the	whole	that decaying vegetable matter will
will lie denied vou God’S	you Earned to be a banker? There	Grey hairs are on many of you -	' ^th.	cause the deposition of gold from sole-™ to the Christ inn t,ir n li n h «hV	are m<!an mcichanta; does that make	solemn prophecies of the tomb—deeper	_ here are two	worlds—heaven and	luttons of gold salts, but these salts
all frienrNhin fnr .11 inn.^nt i ' ' you asbamed to be a merchant ? Theie wrinkles, and more of them. Oh, it is hell—and I cannot imagine a ghastlier aro not known to occur in reefs.
Hires for all exhilaration* I win i M Brf mean lawyers; does that make you a fleeting world. The flowers fade, , r.u,n thm that which shall come upon The. mystery is now solved. A Slavon-
you Vhe diHer^nce! You go InTo a fa"	l° ^ 8 ,awy"r# No !
torv mrl mu r»niv ,h,-an ^ :— w“iev *^ ni° u»ui;uumuie mt-n ^ «h- a»m, n wc snouia close our —r EUl,y 1 “ere s a neaveri there's »«vwu mui guiu lisen can exist m a wheels turning ind vou	uny profession is nothing against eyes to all these things, we still would a kp,b *he Bible is true, then there \ soluble form. By acting <>n a slightly
manufacturer " H^w U this7vn,/hov! the Profession; and the fact that there hear the rattle of the hearse, and the there are two worlds. They are just as ! alkaline solution of a gold salt with such a large faeforv md	are meoDsiMteni Christians is nothing filling of the clods, and the mournful different aH possible; the one is all \ formaldehyde and submitting the pro-
fourths of the wheel’s '.n> nni*t " it« agaîus[ c hiisUanity ; and nothing tones of the funeral service; "Ashes to !Ight. the other is all darkness; the one | duct to dialysis he has succeeded in ob-g.,vs «ke W1ter is low \ f«w » ,.„Lw agaJnst 'he ( hurrii. If 1 mistake not, «‘ishes, dust to dust ’ 1 saw three pro- 1,1 holiness, the other all sin. I taining gold in a colloidal condition, teinwards vou go in inH find nil tul 8omB °f 'hose whose names are prec- cessions two or three weeks ago in one U(,n * Tnow. sfoP to quote a dozen pas- in which state it is soluble in water
dred " Whv " von v " t!la.m' and they drank i he wine of its niusic playing; another was a wedding hiire is a world of light —you have thit some of the gold- in quartz reefs great rhmirehere " ¦Oh	^hî u7 F0““un,un’ aDil lh(,y were thrill- p.oces-ion, iuorinK into (he church, the f? many love<l ones there you are wil- exists in this condition. It is washed
manufacturer " the water haT risln fh W‘,lh/.\ kU(I udl“«"' aud when organ sounding the Wedding March, Un« ad“‘t ‘t. Hut those who go out by the rain, carried away in so-We have more oower rTnw than Lfnrt”; hey dled'/hey /.enl wef,ed t'y the| the people congratulating; the other oul mNr darkness will g„ ihere for lution by the rivers, and de,wailed in I come into This man's soul who h«. wt7”8 °£ a Cbln8tlan communion ( was a procession to the grave, the only ev*r' . Th^	roll of the ages will the river gravels wherever there is any-
fffiSS “ ««	2 zrtiiiis.irrs.-'^ryAsr:
a part of Js naTuT^s w^rkina The hear “Wa.yS w"nl lo church. It else will stand here and preach; others, o««r of mercy no God. On the folds of! large nugget may in this way be to tha/man's Yafum Tnd '*! ' f to “"t ha“t' ! "	throug^s.orm inS'dlrtî j hereî^not her^vHl Tead you to" sac red “	withoV^dy FandVhe j	---—
d^ffAi^nnl1 Til ! n J\ f n a great could way: "How amiable are Thy out; some will fall before the hot blast lonea: "Destroyed without remedy;”,
Inve iKHi^edWeiV^Hfr«nLh,V.mnn8?,hCf tabernades, °h. Lord of hosts." They ; of a raging fever; some will cough	!hp heavens echoing with the ^•«“d has assumed such dimensions
afA.iT3	% te.!^aiL^rara sste/s?	¦ ,*M “ -¦ «a- -«•	¦-
rwrsf sUKsar*» ïâr ssss. “™	-tsrtete' «Æteïi     «-o.....	«
MUBHM/im
come
I
REV. DR. TALMAOB PREACHES FROM AN IMPORTANT TEXT.
Flea»**** ef the Werld mad lh t'krlillM-Ne Pardea er Heave* Wtlh eut the Prlewdelilp ef Chrlil-We Caw net Always Stay ea Hit* *arlh-Twn
Death-Bed Scenes-The Dr. Rays There
It »• B«ehi About There Retag Two
battle, but that the matters at between the two armies will be thoroughly decided, and therefore he calls | they cried it the valley of decision.
There are reasons why this house to-
issue
Lash fast the main I" late.
ny
?
/
en
come to Thee 1 1 have stayed away too long.
That Saviour
at
with bleeding hands
GROWING GOLD.
The Mystery Explained lly n I hem Inin '
Experiment».
It is generally supposed that the nuggets which are found in the river gravels of Klondike and other auriferous regions have been brought down by the rivers direet from the reefs in which the gold originally lay.
Many practical miners and scientific men, however, have long l#een of opinion that this cannot be the case, for no
is a
k
sin. or renounce it
many you —1 **af (
mean merchants ; does that make solemn prophecies of the tomb—deeper
you ashamed to be a merchant ? Theie wrinkles, and more of them. '_________ ______________________^______________
mean lawyers; does that make you * fleeting world. The flowers fade™ ruin * hi n that which shall come upon .	„	„	_ _ _______________
Nol The “nd the sun sets, and the fountains *“at minister.who.in the day hidss t he 'c chemist aimed Zzignlody has just fact that there are dishonorable men dry up, and, if we should close our ^*9* Ihu while I here’s a heaven there's shown that gold itself can exist m any profession is nothing against eyes to all these things

M





» <

P
The exportation of rabbits from. New

exper-
imental stage, and has now become
an





*




1




###PAGE###7###



A COMBINATION
THE MAN OF MODERATE MEANS.
ORIENTAL.
Who, when the «lient wrinkle steals On brow ami cheek. fts ravage heals, And e'en the freckle's stain conceals?
Wbo but Gouraud.
The Best
SURE TO WIN
Failure el a Wrhrme llial iiird In PumcnS
Ureal PoMlIilllllen.
LUDELLA CEYLON TEA
Medicine
Money Can Buy
" I read somewhere once,'* said the man of moderate mean*, " a story about a man. compelled by circumstance* to eat corned beef when he would have prefeared chicken, who now and then hung up in front of himself a picture of n chicken, upon which he fixed hi* eye* and his mind ua he ate, with the result that when he had, eaten his fill of corn beef he imagined that he had really eaten chicken. I never doubted this story, though I could not repeat the experience in my own case. But I suppose that only goes to show that a thing that will affect one man • certain way else very differently.
" After a protracted succession of corned beef and corresponding dinners I came to the conclusion that I would like a chicken, but there were reasons—um—in—. Well, I finally compromised on a picture of a chicken, and
I hung that up over the table, and when i struck into the corned beef I looked up.
" Well, do you know, it didn't work with me at all f Not a bit, 1 could taste the corned beef just the same, and it made my neck ache, and I came pooty near choking myself, too, looking up; and ho l gave it up finally and stuck to the corned beef.
" I Imagine I’m a* impresaionable as most folks, but it seems that I uni not easy to impress in this particular way, and it was all the greater disappointment to me because I had thought if the chicken worked all right I might enlarge my bill of fare in that way in various directions. I had hoped that some day l might be able to substitute pictures for food altogether."
Best Prices.
25, 40, 50 and 60c.
Ilia Oriental Cream leaves not On Beauty's skin the faintest spot, But drives away the pimple spot,
Gouraud, (T. Felix)
Best Quality.
Lead packages.
Is Hood's Sarsaparilla. It Is prepared by educated and experienced pharma-» cists and every ingredient entering Into Its composition is selected with special reference to Its being the best of II# kind. These ingrédients, consisting o( (Nature's beet known remedies, havq never t>oen used to so great an extent, in any other preparation. In the enormous sales of Hood's Sarsaparilla the people have written in indelible lines their appreciation of this medicine, and its wonderful cures, recorded in thousands of voluntary testimonials, prove the great power of Hood's Pars» pari Ha over nil diseases caused or promoted by impure blood.
, wanting to make #lSt In next A
da ye. tntF •« your ckance-'WI H. Anger.il R 'hmesd-eL.Toronto
Agents
l'a'er. W, h
Who gives back the charm to beaul,'.
cheek,	tafctas up OalUng. Full particule» o
When time or sickness makes them oatitn. nj YONflB ST., TORONTO.
weak f
" 'Tin Oriental Cream," the speak.
appU
Central
ê
ladies
Mille. Mille A Male#, Harrteiere.euv. removed to Wedey Hides.. Web moud *U VV., Toronto.

LAW
From my Gouraud’a.
SPECIAL FROM KINGSTON.
MM Editor:—
Please inform your readers 1 hat we wish to place In their hands, pie-paid fi« free sample of an absolute cure for Catarrh, Bronchitis, Irritable Throat, &<\ Ilf is neither a snuff, nor a wash, nor an ointment, but a pleasant remedy which ieoarrisd by atmosphertic air to every part of the throat, lungs and nasal passages. For trial bottle of this famous preparation and inhaler. Address. N. C. Poison & Co., Kingston, Ont.
rnuTEtitD, err.
J Soho l lo the Province : enter ¦ W J ELLIOTT, Principal

eetelofue free.
OIKOH IMPCSlMINTS of any nature nor* «•
O fully treated. Connult a qualified prnctl-•tuner, whe wan fer yearn a painful "tarnmerer.
6a Rapid Boiler
^ Letter Cepler,

«	i •*
y affect somebody
¦ SAVES TIME AH# MONEY.
____f The Office SpeeMIty Wfg. ##,
gy	LIMITE#.
F ToronloendNew
Superior Lm'pmoîoioth
Feur Dollars
tîmvp’ote. To bo bad only from M. KOBMTH, SI Queen Ht K., Toron o S'lHi niano for oirrular and sample of cloth befoie buying elsewhere.
%
krt.Onf
#-!-
HlOfVl
oriplmel

Hood’s
Sarsa-
parilla

Wood Work.
All


7
raw
BRAIN and HRKATH by
DWüMSMreav
UtilLDREN, and also Rrars socx e «fully Infant! whose Alimente and Debility have re-*l*ted all other tie*-menti. It digests when Cll other Food la rejected, eaves 6u times Its
####%#
!SÏTUK«2«"î—¦“¥*?!> p“.“îïïi.SS.l».Sï»iWS
tnncouî MUffHOON of the -ywern. thereby d**a- de Caeitgllone, and at ell Grocere. Ghemints, troytng ih« foundation of the disease, and kiv- ^d «tores every where, in tins 2s., 3a;»1 ,r^T
l:;.;&K?..r,tr£V.K;MVS sms, «iM88r.toi.mt ti
Ivor . The proprietors have so mu h fait • In as. (id. and tie.
that they offer One Flan t it falls

1 < uiia.la’s O.*'a test Medicine. Hold by all druggists. $ . <U for $A Mesure to got Hood'd.
Ills to take ar-aparllla.
E. LIMON, jm Y».*, h.
All original desigas. Writs fer prise* 1er ants
in proportion to their weight, dogs
can absorb without danger sixteen times as much arsenic as would kill a human being.
Hie the only d
with Ho d « Si
Hood’s Pills
ARABIC A ALIDS and
THE TRIUMPH
A D JUST A BIJC STOVE PIPE*. EhBj put up and taken down. Cam be cleaned, neeled, end put • W »
, space. Ask your dealers 1er
Manufactured by
c. B. BARCLAY,
168 Adelaide31. W.. loronte.
TWO MILES ABOVE THE SEA.
$100 Reward, $100.
a small them.
Above the (Tonda Hleamlnmle Mail Kvcry Day lu Houlh America.
•LOM
m»xe»
Airships have not yet been invented yet it in possible to mail for a day and a night in a fairly comfortable steamboat at a height of over two miles above the sea. The water on which you accomplish this remarkable feat is Lake Titicaca, which lies between Peru and Bolivia. It is a huge lake 120 miles long Ï^V,nN>! 11re*?ornny cm>*s th*
and nearly 60 wide, and Is over 1,6001 b,n^°,r,J''.t0VTj*c)HKN K Y Je CO., Toledo, O feet deep. It is away iup im the mountains, above the clouds. Nine rivers flow into it, beside* a vast amount of snowwater, yet it has mo visible outlet.
The 600-ton steamers which sail on
Dominion Line Steamships.
Most reel end Quebec to Liverpool le wee* LkI* end feel twin ecrew etoem-hip* 'Te* reier ?eh-coaver,' ‘ Domtate»/ 'Hcotemaa. Ynreehlre.' Superior accommodation or rirrt ClWn, Sec* end Cabin and Steerage pa*»en*ere. flate* or, e—First Cabin. 160 0); ^eeend Oabto, rage *22.60 and up" arde aceordftng te 8Learner ana berth. For all laformallee amply to Local Agente, or David Tomamot fc Cf.# Gen’l Agents, 17 81. Bacrameat St.. MemtreoL
BRI
tee
to cure.
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
ANTO PAT SPIDERS
EPPS'S
Hold hr IhiiKki-'". 7Ac.
Hull’s Kamil) P.Uasre the best.
We all know that certain species of ant« employ as slave» of their own kind. Others keep in-
ller insects
In Spain the railroads are run so irregularly that the moment of depar-
.	,	. ture is often fifteen or twenty inin-
Lake Titieaea were built in Soot laid, | utes after the time advertised, earned over the passes in sections, and put together on the spot. The fuel is Australian coal, brought from 7,(0.)
miles away. In the lake are many	_	———
beautiful islands, and the cliffs which SJ& PTM	Æ3	— ¦— 7WS I / f \ T /V	Z"X
irr.a-sr&g:	- <- «»« WILKINS & vU.
SEND FOR ILLUSTRATED PRICE LIST.
COMPANY. 26-28 Adelaide Ht. W .Toronto.	———“————
AXES, Solid Steel, 50 Cents Each.
Hammers 25c each Violins
Lance-Tooth Saws,
THE “ HEADLIGHT,”
GRATEFUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA
ilk as we do cows. But per-
mets te
The leM Bros. Mfg. Ce-, SWÛjajkS
ïTïïïVwïï! WâwF
haps the most astonishing discovery of
all Is the latest sue, that there is in
Australia a green ant which, though
very e lever in the build in# of its meet, appears tto consider it an irksome duty, and so employs another insect to do this work for it. A small spider Is, therefore, trained to act as a servant in all things. Thu green ants the spiders for their labors in a that they enjoy. It is by giving them to eat a portion of the innumerable little eggs that they, the ante, lay. This is a most agreeable arrangement for nil, man, included, as otherwise the green ants would rival the rabbits in overrunning Australia.
BREAKFAST—SUPPER.
pay
coin
I ruUliAQF CASINOS—New Importation» finest Engllah
UEMARKAHLE RESULTS OF THOM-	W*,xXff."

h


if
Wm.MH ar&Ce.
• '
W. Godwin, of Market Drayton, writes to the "Lincolnshire Chronicle, April 2nd, lhl>8, biom which we quote :
"As the phosphoric acid in Thomat'-Phosph.ite is, presumably from its ad-t I mixture with five lime, in an insoluble condition, und as it was a generally accepted theory that plants can only ab-PHYSICIAJ PRO- I «orb soluble substances by their roots,
1 hud some hesitation in accepting it as a reliable manure, and 1 spent a day last autumn among a number of farms in North Staffordshire, and another in South Shropshire. 1 am bound and indeed pleased, to confess that l was never more astonished in my life than when noting its effect upon pastures, clover roots and com fields, es-
Toronto. Got St -N.w.^, do»|	tj?'tto*"J
$180 $2-5«2- 53.50 J un.! $5.00 each.
I
4F *
Manufacturer» of Bk«*a Canes, Office. Store, Banl Bad Ho el Firt/ure*. Jeweler»', Druggiets. aud all ki»<U of Interior Fttinsa
BMtl.h Plat. Mirror,, ko. 19 to 23 Alio. Bt. Toronto.
*r

4

f.
' m
W
EMPEROR MAY LIVE
One of the Getest and most perfect saws made, every saw guaranteed only
50c
i>er
QTAMMERERS.
Only iBstitiifclon to CBiiMlA for lbs surt* of evewy phsse of speech defeat	i
visa wks?Ak.
foot
THOUGH HIS
NOUNCES HIS DISEASE INCURABLE.
at 10, 20, 33 and 50 cts. oc Mouth
at the
Mouth Organs
each. Our 33c and Organ» are post-pa price.
e
• Pembroke St., Toronto, Canada
WILKINS & CO
166 and 168 King St. East, Toronto.
¦right'» Dhraie la Nat lemrable, for Delhi's Kidney Pills Have Cured It Thousand* of Times, end Will Cere It Ttteasaad* of Time* Again.
One Scent atamp will t;et yru 1 free sample of Campano n Italian Balm, the brat p-eparalion for nl. .	rnughne«K of akin, chapped han «I1
|nr face. 1 ho HmonlngH Medicine Co.. T ornnt ».
•f
Free
Hit eipISSl
‘j^rr,“wb.™... -™,u. in. 2 xss&
* There is no incurable Kidney disease.	fautifuT white^lover^ m
*Ff\	a11 ^ disease#, ^of\h^ fWd'a%rd^t%i7Tbhe
yield readily to the proper medicines of wi COfirtte grHB8.» Mr. Godwin
The experience of the past eigh fur(h<^ at considerable length describ-yei.rs has shown conclusively. l>eyon;l ^ r(H)t and wbeat fields dressed with the shadow of a doubt, that there is <hi#	a8 having withstood the
remeJy that wil1 ®»re °**°J drought and yielding splendidly, tie Kidney disease, no matter how severe. fud- that genuine Thomas-Phos-
-- matter how Jong it has tud^ phate Powder comes as a decided boon, ThLs remedy is known throughout ^ cially a8 it8 effects seem very the English-speaking world to phy- ^ JIn the ^me issue of this pa-amians and laymen alike, by the name	Wooley, of Salop, attested to
•‘wïï'itCw....	L°eiKM.ï
Introduced, medical mee were eocp- en and wbicb is n„w in capital condi-tloal regarding their power to cure j	j„ the farm which in being
Bright;» Disease.	noticed in the Knglish press as produc-
mad®, m cases that had defied the skill v bufihelg ,/po-^und wheat per !
of the most eminent medical men on ^ from tbe free UKe cf Thomas-Phos-
the American continent oases that had	Powder. Still another letter ap-
¦ess*
Thistpln*B*they*have held since, a.d	the season where it wa.
held to-day. No other care for these 1 uwa-diseases has ever been discovered, although many worthless imitations of Dodd's Kidney Pills have been placed on the market.
If the famous French physician, under whose care the Chinese Emperor is, would use Dodd's Kidney Pills in the of establishing
ease of his imperial patient, his recov- means of a life-saving hawser. The tug ery would be rapid and certain.	gets to windward of the vessel stranded
on a lee shore; and, by anchoring a short distance from it, is enabled to
On a level and san-
» book 11 in long, 8 in. wide and 8 in
ItlJAUlV thick, which comprises I,SO# ***** *f ¦	Mefwfltal. II toil tel, Une fat, #Wr
¦able matter, printed on geod paper, and iMMii at leant 24 Full Page Uthograph Flute». 36 Printed Geler Plate» and 96 Colored Pages on Heavy Pa^r, and you wiU have a concept ion of what you will receive when you
A BOOK OF 1,500 PAGES FOR
SUBSCRIBE
a

TO

l
NOVEMBER. 1881
one
tor
acb number contains KS!
€
no
phio and Colored Plates devoted to FANHIMN* CELTIC RE» WOMAN’S WORK AN# RECREATION. Interest
reliable and thoroughly up-to-date information and exposition
dress and materials are
‘VDLi-IL EARLY wMim NUMBER

p#R———Mlpupp^j
of the prevailing and incoming styles in set forth and illustrated, besides which The Delineator covers a wide range of topics touching on nearly everything else cf interest
Fancy Work, Cookery, the Care of the Children, Household Duties and Appointments Education, Employments and Professions, Handicrafts and Occupations,
Entertainments, etc., etc., with a short story each month by a diatin-
A JOURNAL Of FASHION, CULTURE AND FINE ARTS:
to women
Beauty and Hygiene, Etiquette,
— TORONTO—
guished novelist.
«
SSRR Cht DellMlor “SB

and i» a marvel pt completeness in alHte departmeriUL The ^Winter Kaehtore Jl^ Dress
unusually high order of merit, and the Household Spcoioltise are ef the most seasonable and original character. The tender sentiment of A Modem Christmas Saint, by Clare E Louetilin, will appeal to lovers of Stevenson in a peculiarly affectionate way. The Bebooo of Senorn V giel, by Eva Wilder Brodhead, is a captivating sketch of passionate, kind hearted character to be found in the Southwest. Washington flbeietj During the War, by Mrs. Archibald Hopkins, is an interesting retrospect of life at the Capital during the hate conflict. Keeping Watch, an impressive Christmas poem, by Edith M. Thomas, tells the shepherd's story of the finding of the Christ-child. In the series on The Common Ills of Life, Dr. Grace Peck ham Murray analyses the physical conditions and social aspects of Old Age. The article in the series on Amateur Photography contains a number of suggestions in regard to making photography remunerative for the amateur. Eleanor Georg en contributes another scholarly chapter on The Cultivation of the \ vice. In Poster Tableaux, by Una Beard, will be found complete technical directions for pre poring an elaborate artistic entertainment A notable group of Holiday Household subjects is embraced In An Old Time Christmas, by Helen Combes, Holiday Candy Making at Home, by Ruby F. Warner, and Festivities of the Holiday Season, by Blair. Girls' Interests and Occupations, by fjofayette Me Laws, and Club Women and Club Life, by Helen M. Winslow, are characteristically entertaining; and the regular departments: Social Observances, conducted by Mrs. Cadwalader Jones .The Tea Table, by Edna 8. Wltiienrooon ; Fancy Stitches and Embroidery, by Emma Haywood ; The Dreeonaker, Millinery, Loos Making, etc., comprise » profusion of additional matter of distinctive
LIFE-SAVING METHOD
«
«
The Boulogne tugs have recently been fitted with guns for firing aline across a vessel at sea, for the purpose
communication by
»4!l 1SI n 7-T4 ».
ÏRTvVïrTïi
ption price of
Tin* Bell ne«tf>r can be saved
that the subs» r
no von know
natterne with the «mix
many times ovet is ordering
check, which op
There is en unfortunate disposition take off the crew WM ¦¦¦
In man to attend much more to the dy shore a stranded vessel may be hun-faults of his companions that offend dreds of yards away, and in the teeth him, than to their perfections which of a gale the rocket may not reach
the wreck. The mode adopted by the Boulogne Humane Society has some manifest advantages; for instance, it obviates having to pull a man 200 or 900 yards through the surf, with the prospect of rescuing him more dead than alive. Another point in favor of the method is that in a given time _-j can rescue more persons Wy it ,t^an by the use of a long-distance hawser.
"•VS,	s	VUIVIW L 7 1 ¦ I ™sx* ;vu WUI UMU
the check. Yeu cam save #4 SO a year, or 40 rent* a month, if you find your family or dressmaking rani one each of the Patterns specified in the Ch
eck
please him.—Gre ville.
A man's ledger does not tell what he Is, or what he Is worth. Count what Is in man, hot what is on him, if you would know what he is worth — whether rich or poor.—H. W. Beecher.
Che Delineator Publishing Co. of Coronto, cmm,
i) Richmond Street West, Coreeto, Cm.
one
TO CURB A COLD IN ONE DAY Take Laxative
fists refund the
S
All Drug
If It folk le Oar*




y


###PAGE###8###





y
f
i
T^EADY-TO-WEAR
Shorey’s Ready-to-Wear
Rigby Waterproofed Freize Ulsters
Preize Ulsters,
Freize Reefers,
1
s
With extra large collars—just the thing you have been looking for—to order. We have any style of goods you .. wish, and we make them to tit or no sale ..
Made from pure wool, 3a os, to the yard
Frieze. Five pockets.— Deep flaps,—Six inch collar, with throat tab.—Double stich-cd edges—Raised seams. Length 54 inches, Nine colors. Black, Blue, Mid Brown, Drab, Claret, Heather, Oxford, Blue mixture and Olive mixture.
Waterproof, Wind proof, Frostproof, Comfortable.
Sold by all reputable dealers from Nova Scotia to British Columbia foi
Shorey’f Guarantee Card in the pocket, of course. Insist on seeing it, it is a good square guarantee.
A. R. McGUIRE ¦ THE TAILOR. | % DOVÛ’S COllD
''THE LEADING HOUSE "

• el
P. S.—Overcoatings and Fancy Vestings.
/
l>
I
Superior Court
The session of the Superior Court,
Bryson, closed on Friday evening, Oct.
28th, being adjourned to N"V. 22nd. On Thursday morning the enqueue in the case of Bowie vs. the Grand Calumet Mining Co. was closed, and the argument .	^	.
of the case taken up after 8 o'clock by X 116 SCCrOt Mr. Rainville for the plaintiff and Mr.	_
Beloourt for the defendant, and contin- QI 5UCCÔSS £ ued till nearly midnight. On Friday morning the case was again resumed by Mr. Brook for plaintiff and Mr. McDougall for the defendant. Mr. Rainville was complimented by both lawyers for the defence on the very eloquent and thorough manner in which he pleaded the case for his client. After hearing the evidence in the case of Russell vs
• •
Ottawa, Ont., Nov. 7th, 18^8
Editor “ Shawvillk Equity ** Shaw ville, Que.
#
? ??
? M
Dear Sir—
Communication from Mr. XV. R. Taylor, Secy, of the H. E. Co., published in your paper dated Nov. 3rd, requesting the publishing of a letter to Mr. Thu#. Tait, General Manager of the C. I\ R , Montreal, and signed by Alex. Fraser, Pro si dent. II. fi. Cc in this letter has created a false impression through your section as to who is meant as the ones circulating the report.
$6.75
In I lie mormons business done by
-	The Lending -
-	- • House • - •
Is in always having the right goods at the right time and at the right pricks. Our customers know that they can always get just what they want here. The Fall and Winter season

Fhe insinuations vast
\JfJULSUi Si L L ftJULQJt .QJL.QJL 5JI
Shorey's Ready-to-Wear Clothing can be obtained from I that the H. E. Vu. was to blame for the the lottowing firms :
MteA !?¦-	###:
— I ever intimated in any way, that the Hull I Electric Co. was to blame, and the iiiipu-
Company by this
find
of 18V8 will us behind the mark. Every department is now filled with only the best goods desirable for a Canadian winter—Comfortable Furs, Comfortable Clothing Comfortable Bedding, etc., etc., and the prices are as near right as the combined efforts of ready money and years of experience can possibly make them.
not
I
v
>wie
the court adjourned as stated. Probably the first case taken upon the 22nd will be that of Kelly vr. the corn Township of Litchfield. T
an
oration of the
his is an action to recover cost of a bridge constructed across a creek for defendant by plaintiff. The bridge was, it is claimed, built according to specification, and was accept-
ait ion cast upon our letter compels uh to have the matter investigated, and would openly ask the President of the H. E. Co. if in this let- ed by defendant, but before payment was
ter to Mr. Tait, lie referred to thvj Pon- made it fell down. Then the Council re-1 TllS DPOSS QOOuS tiac officials as to the circulation of the fused to pay, hence the action
reports mentioned.	-—	----
Yours truly,
& e *
Job Printing
)
In the
Department
Line of
Sh&wville Council.
This department is filled with the latest novelties in plain and fancy Black Good3, ranging from 25 cents per yard to #150 per y aid. Colored Cashmeres and Serges in all the desirable colors for this season’s wearing,
Scotch and French Plaids in great variety, from 10 cents to 00 cents per yard.
P. NV. Ressemas, Gen’l. Sup't
EXECUTED WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH AT
Minutes of a regular session of the Municipal Council of the village of Nhawville, held on Monday, November 4th. Present-Councillors D. McRae, O. M. Donaldson, H. Hobbs, n. Lang and J. A. Cowan.
Moved by conn. Hobbs and seconded by o conn. Donaldson that conn. Lung act as chairman In the absence ol the Mayor-Carried
Moved by conn. McRae and seconded by conn. Il'ibbs that the minutes of last meeting be adopted.—Carried.
0 Moved by conn. McRae and seconded by ’ | conn. Cowan that the matter of fencing the sideline, as requested by Samuel Armstrong, be left ever for further consideration.—Carried.
Mayor Hedging here entered and took his seat.
Moved by couu. Cowan and seconded by
coun. Donaldson that the Secretary communicate with Mr. 8. L. Brabazon, P.l to set* if the plan he made of this village is Grape 4.—1, Nellie Hod iritis, 2, Ada still in existence, and if so, what would be Hudgins.	the cost of completing and furnishing It for
Grave 3.	1, Florence Barber, 2, Oar-, ‘be une of th s counclL-Cerrled.
field H.idume, 3, Herman Wilson.	Moved by conn. Lang see. by coun. Cowan
Grade 2.—1, Gerald Hodgins, 2, Eva, «bet the bill of william Elllolt amounting
Lp;œ«.,, T. «ÏS S5K-C. s
O. ,d.i„, 3. Mirle Arm.lr-ng, 4. U*	—
ssr £
neth Hodgins, <>, L ir < ( Km®-	blaeksmlthlng, amounting to $2.20, be paid
J Currie, Teacher. _carrlcd.
THE EQUITY OFFICE
I
Report of No. 3 School. Bristol, For
October
.. Shawville, Que
Grape 4 —1, Dorothy Gilpin, 2, May Delisle, 3, M. A. Burrows.
Grape 3,-1, Emma Henderson, Nettie Cone, 3, das. Graham.
Grape 2 —1, Mildred Kehoe, 2, Lola Kehoe, 3, David Gilpin.
Grape 1, ar.—1, Edna Delisle, 2, Nellie Kehoe.
Grape 1, jr—1, Thos. Burrows,
b^ rl,re' I Otto I» Lisle, 3. Horace Gone
GEORGE CATER,	Attendance. — 1, Mildred Kehoe, 2,
Shawville. Emma Henderson, 3, Lola Kehoe.
Conduct.—1, Herbert Gone, 2, Nellie Kehoe, 3, Edna DeLisle.
We have nothing. old to . . show you
I Pm-M Betiire Hoe
Hog for Service.
In the Silk { Department *
The undersigned offer* for service his pure bred Larg<* English Herkshire II »« *• Jerry.” bred : v and purchased from Mr. W J. Shelby, of Hai row.-mith, Out Fee- One
Dollar
FOR SERVICE.
New, fresh goods of all the latest patterns m Blouse Silks and Colored brocades
A LEX. PE AX,
Lot is, K. :) Clarendon
2m
Sept. 17, IMS
; WATCHES. CLOCKS, JEWELLERY
Farm For Sale.
M. S. Graham, Teacher
In the Staple Department -
:• a
> V
< + ,	¦ rr
i ¦' :
Report of School ITo. 6 Clarendon
The undersigned offers for sale his Farm.
md 10 on th Fourth
. I
being part of Lots I
Range of tlie Township o? ( Inrenoon, « mining 10ft acres. and situated 1} niMt s from SbnwvlHe. About 60 acres n« v cleared and partly under cultivation The toil goml y ar.rt lo in mixed The premises are well watered and have erected thereon h dwelling house, barn, shells and other I'til-bulldings. For terms and othei particulars apply to

You will find an extensive range of Canadian and English flannellettes from 4 cents to 15 cents per yard.

etc. etc.
cla
Blankets and Comforters - -
A complete «took of the above always on hand at
GEO. C. HODGINS,
on he Divinises, or bv let.or to Shaw ville P. O
ate
7
Main St. - - Shawvillc.
US', A SPECIALTY.
( Wo have never shown such a line of White and Gray ( Blankets and Comforters.
SHAW VILLE
1
Hair Dressing Paner
FOR SALE.
Moved by coun. Ilobbs and seconded by	____
coun. McRae that the mayor and councillors I Ta /fl * aq "TTTnnll AH Lang and Cowan be a committee to attend	W UUilVii
to the fencing of the corporation lot on Pick- TTn Æ ATHTTAQ r anock street -carried;	V ÜÜGr W GaT ¦¦¦
Coun. George Hynes arrived Mid took his	with, or without sleeves, ribbed
seat at 6.30. p. m.	or p]afn, all sizes. The latest nov-
Moved by coun. Hobbs sec. by coun. Lang	cities in Ladies’ Wool, Cashmere
that this CjuucII do now adjourn.—Carried. | an(j ^id Gloves.
Report of School So. 13, Clarendon
for October
The undersigned ofl’ers for sale the following Registered Stock ;
MAIN ST., - • SHAW VILLE
A few SHROPSHIRE Ewes, Several
1, Mary J. Horner, 2,
Grade IV May Hobin, 3, Lena Laughren.
Grade III.—1, Lila Murphy, 2 Eva McDowell, 3, Willie Horner, 4, Eddie Smith.
Grade II.—1, Percy Smith, 2, Ferda Ralph.
Primer II —1. Harry Horner, 2, Garnet Horner, 3, Maggie Kennedy.
Primer I—1, «John E liott, 2, Roy Hamilton, 3, Earl McDowell, 4, Wiletta Horner.
Ram Lambs,
Ram (IN years old).
A Lo, 9- me BERKSHIRE Pigs, two monta old.
4 t
If you require a Hair Cut or Shave, j are gmtrs nteed saMslactlon at the Shaw v« l.f* Hair Dressing Parlour.
Parties wishing to hav* their raz rs hop. edordrt *M-d can have tin m put In « xcelL tit conduit n ivr from 15 to 25 cents.
Try mi lÎAik Tonic.
r ;i
44
One
The Clothing
Popular Reading
Alt the above Stock Is registered and very
choice
JOHN SMITH.
We have received from the Pule Print «DôPcH'tlïlOXlt# # ing Company, Limited, Toronto, Ont., a	,	.
copy of 41 His Brother's Keeper, "by	Confidence in the clothing depart-
Charles M. Sheldon, the well known	ment was established long ago, but
author of “ In His Steps. " This is not	will be largely increased when you
only a delightful story, told in an inter.	*ec ‘Im well made, neat-fitting
eating manner, but is full of helpfulness.	stylish-looking suits we are stilling
One of the greatest problems of the day	At #5.00, #0.00 #8.00 and #10.00.
is ably dealt with. The scenes in the	Mens' fall overcoats, equal to tailormining region are based upon'events	made, at #5.00 to #10.00. Men's
which occurred during the great strike	underwear in all sizes and quali-
among the iron miners in the summer of |	ties, and at the very lowest prices.
1396, and which were witnessed by the author. Everyone should lead it. The Poole Printing Company, Limited, Toronto, have already published seven Sheldon’s books, and every one is having a very large sale. Tho titles of the others are : 44 Overcoming the World, " The Crucifixion of Philip Strong. ” 14 Robert Hardy’s Seven Days, ” 41 Richard Bruce.” I ^
and 41 The Twentieth Door. ” For sale I BOOtS ELU Cl 5*1003
by all dealers. Or, if yuur dealer cannot I • supply them, any one will be sent, post paid for 25 cents, or any six for #1 00, by sending to the Poole Printing Com-1 puny, Limited, 28 and 30 Melinda Street Toronto, Ontario.
El). R. BROWNLEE,
Clarendon
THE ILL ELECTRIC C9
Public Notice.
J. Y. Steven, Teacher
—	All Linds on the Valuation Roll, Mu-
<>r twenty minutes In n ici pair y of Thorne (absentee or resident)
on which two years taxes are now due, will be sent in for the ensuing County Sale, if such taxes are not paid before to , the 15th day of December, 1898. j further notice shall be given.
Beware costs. Fair warning.
By order,
S. M. LOGAN,
Sec.-Trees., Thorne Thorne Centre, Oct. 10, 1898.
Get Our Frogs
Inters
Care ran i
the morning and fifteen minutes in the nftt r noon, daily, Sundays Included.
THE HIND LEGS TICKLE TIIE PALATES OF
AMERICAN EPICURES.
No
». rimer don’t f<«
When you come t«» shoot the chute ut Qavtn'd Park
n.H. Pollock, success
Campbell ford, Nuv. 5 of Trent Bridge, has had a must ful season catching frogs. Since early summer lie has travelled over a large area of country, extending as far east as Pembroke, and his aggregate catch amounted to 3,150 pounds. The hind quarters of a frog, the only parts used, weigh from Peter Allan, night watchman at the G. three to five ounces, so that the number
killed during the time mentioned would dead on Thursday morning by safe crack* j not be less than fourteen thousand All
the moat was shipped to American mar ,	kets, and from nearly all hia shipments
Dr. McEachran, Dominion Veterinary In | Mr Pollock has had satisfactory returns, spector, has issued orders that all hugs in the Ottawa district which have been in contact with those found diseased, roust be slaughtered.
Qo through the m:«z? puzz'e If you can Ride on the Merry-go-round.
The Delecacies
of the Table#
Are all to be found here in the Pink of Perfection.
Groceries j
f
Water chute affords the finest amusement
Euilie<M ch'ilu takes you up
in the c<mn! r \
in a bout and gravi.'y b- Inga you down wlin a great splash Into the waier, but you don’t
g<-
Cloee connections arc made with all Cana-	.	»	i
dlan Pacific and UaUneau Valley traînent | T. R. freight sheds at Buffalo was shot Hull and with Pontiac Purifie ut Aylmer
Baggage promptly handled
era.
W. R. TAYLOR.
You'll be glad if you do and sorry if you don't visit our a hoe départi & ment, and get our prices on all up-to-date goods. Our store is filled from floor to ceiling with the very latest in Fall Footwear, for ladies and children, men and boys. Our stock is admired by all. Our sales are large, and this year will be a record breaker.
Sec-Tress
50 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
Cornwall Bridge

Patents
DISASTER WAS CAUSED BY POOR FOUND A
TION FOR THE PIERS.

The bye-election in S. Ontario on Tuesday, of last week for the Legislature re
suited in the election of Hon. John Dry. I Ogdensburg, N. Y., Nov. 3.—Expert en-1 terrible disaster in a rossland gold den, by 93 majority over Mr. Calder gineers investigating the cause of the re	- mine.
the unseated member.	| cent collapse of the pier which allowed two	-----
The treasurer of the United Sûtes I •eotione of the New York and Ottawa Rossland, B. C , Nov. 3.-William has submitted to the Secretary of the *»llr°ad bridge to fall into tho St. Lbw- Cain, a miner, aged 40, and Patrick No* • • ¦ «-»•
those of’the	previous year, while the ret	en P,e[bored through two feet of	herd	overcome, but was «aved by the heroic
ord na.y expenditure, were $443,328,682,	P*n« *hen itruck into muddy deposit of	effort of George Drewery, the engineer
an mcreaae	uf $77,594.423 The re.ulf. | clay formation Through thia the	drill	0f the howt. Jim McCarthy and Pat
f $38 047 247 exceed* that	iun* without striking hard bottom,	r ur-	Quinlan, alio employed In the mine, lost
ther Investigation is being made.	* their lives while getting Cain's body.
Four Men Killed
TRADE MARR8
Designs Copyrights Ac.
• • TEE LEADING HOUSE • •
Scientific American.
A handsomely Illustrated weekly, i^mrest rlr-• illation of any arlentiflo Journal. Term», a year i four months, $1. Sold by all newsdealer*.
m m
•vstisit* I	b, WWM»
l

W



