###PAGE###1###
No. 30.—19th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, JAN. 9, 1902.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
•t
My davs in Campbell's Bay are every second Tuesday in each month.
if. Jmibon, Photographer.
BY-LAW
Respecting Compulsory Vaccination
passed by the Municipal Council | TBÆPORTA.NT ! of the Township of Clarendon at, Amhmbbhmhhib.
ll«*ad Oflhr; .. .. Capital enbarrihed capital pat^ up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA.
..........St.MH.VOO.
........... l.W>3,fWO.
.........1,WK),46b.
The annual tea meeting in connection
OP CANADA.	ftS
-	Tlie programme wait lengthy but gooi,
a a AAA AAA and was well apprécia ed, Mias Taggart ¦ tpvyUUUjUUU# 0f Ottawa and her brother, Mr. Ones.
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000. ÏÏKÜSÏSttST SÛT.ÏÏ
excellently rendered. Messrs Lawton Head Office* • Montreal* and Stacey seem to be musical genii and
at home with alinoat all musical instrumenta. The choureee hr the church choir* | its by-law No. 35 enacts am follows
SSU !,-F”	-rr* f*
and brought forth hearty applause. Misa w,i‘ (,,,ne into force, xaccination and re-Thomson of Portage kindly acted as vaccination will be obligatory within the
oa accompanist Refreshments were limits of this municipality for all persons served dy the ladies of the church during r ,
Money transferred to all parts of the world. | the evening. The Rev. C. Lu mm is of
Thorne add leased the audience in a most amusing and entertaining manner.
One of the most pleasing features of the evening was the presentation of a purse to the Yen. Archdeacon Naylor.
As it was meant to be it was, a surprise,	has been vaccinated successfully within
1V A ÎabvÏ'r	The Ven- gentleman thanked the people	the last seven years, or who	will not be
' '	•“* "T *	r;'-.
and people might continue. Tha gather-	that he has been vaccinated but
ing disbanded about 11 p. m. by the without success within the last six singing of the National Anthem
It is the wish of Archdeacon Naylor tt | dollars, and also to an additional tine of
:
ft Agent,	Arnprior. Ont.	to	Miss	Almyra,	second daughter of Mrs.	and their generosity in so liberally con-	the second day after the said	by-law has
Mr. W.	C.	Smallfield, of the Renfrew	Tlios.	Richardson,	of Clarendon.	tnbuting, and asks them one and all to	conic into force.	CDC; fWl wnrth nf Winter flnnrlc? tn ho nlonrAfl nut
Mercury, has been re-elected Mayor of	. ..	..	. accept his sincere thanks.	3-Forty-eight hours,after the said by-	WOrlû 01 Winter UOOdS tO D6 Cleared OUL
Renfrew by .ccUmat.o,.,	t J^(her, ‘Lnnyîdê PlL. by	PERSONAL	>»" have come into force, any per.cn this month. Everything IBUSt gO. We don’t ill-
fr£HH£”S Sr? "vr Dr, v.s-, w „tssrrr rz *»	w »a ™ order
OampbeUa^Bay. ‘	’	* y^ung, ff^roe place6** * ^ ^	^ Tuesday and favored us with a municipal sanitary authority or to mayor t<> dO this W6 haV6 CUt priCBS dOWD tO the l0W6St
Next summer I intend to remove	----------- ^li**#-* AM*	T,or "ecretary treasurer, whenever the said
Iliy portable -'’^lU.GreenUkc, ^	.knowledge, the re- f" . coune in thé buLneae copiât ^" ^Ibe bo required verbally or
where I will do custom	work Thi*	win-	^ . ()f	a vory	tty	Callender	from	Ottawa.	otherw ise, a certiùcate from a physician
to	>uy	ogs e iv	ere	^essra.	Grant Bros,	hardware	nier-	.. ,, M n	,,	,	. M .	duly qualified to practice as such in the
calfe, Ont., te spend	New Year’s with	Province, establishing that	said	person	Ofifl	COD	Ufhflt	WP	Pflll	Hfi	fflP	Vflll—-it	lA/fin	I
Come and see our	|3.50 enlargements,	h a relatives.	has been vaccinated successfully	or that UUmy dMU	oBB	Wl|dl	WB	Udfl	UU	TUI	JUU	II	Mull	l
framed	complete. Competition dched	Mr. and Mrs.	F. A.	Parker,	went to	vaccination hss been performed upon him,	,	«nv+hintr
Gananoque, last	week to	lie present at the	but without success within the delays	LUol	jUU di|jfll|tllgB
Sunday the 20th December was set I g^riage of the	to Dr. fixed in the	paragraph,
apart by Archbishop Bond as a day of Stewart of Chicago "n. ew tears day. eac|1 refusti or omission from such
The family of Mr. George Burroughs I solemn Intercession for peace in South Mr. Norman Wilson, son of our towne-removed from Shswvillo last week to Africa, and for the men of the third con*	man, Mr. William Wilson, is home from
Copper Cliff, Ont., where	we	understand	tingent from Canada,	leaving for the	British Columbia	on	a month’s visit to
Mr. B.	has	embarked in	the mercantile	front. In nearly	all	the Anglican	his relations here,	after an absence of	to a fine of tive dollars,
business with a	gentleman	named	Me-	Churches throughout the Diocese of	four-and a-half ye»rs. Norman, who is	4.—A certificate from a physician duly
Nsughton.	Montreal, special prayers were offered for	located in New Westminster, and con-	qualified to practice as such within the
iEF’— IHBHEE	:l c
villa Academy on osturday, Jan. 11, lHro,	admirably, as he looks remarkably well- vaccinated, »ud e.tabli.hi.g bis reason
~32mS*s
Pontiac House.	Kedey was elected Mayor, and four I	Mr. t red Cook the well-known jour-	authority or to the Mayor or Sec-Trea-
Mr. Duncan Ross,	writing	from La-1 councillors by acclamation, all the other I	aD(* ^respondent, has been elect-	8Urer ^ #ucjj persons when asked to
pïrtf	i«— • «—¦
in that section during the fall--no rain were still two councillors needed to com-	for the chief magistracy tf the Capital exempt	such	persons	from the	applica-
to speak of since September and conse- plete theImrd. Thisnecessitatesanother	last year, and when he ent red the field tion	of	the	two	preceding	articles,	but
ses üg	"
“ï -HSï csraseasrs* a
f A b „ , h h
^ 5g mLIÎ?ZT?'' tmr iS : 8hawville Council on the SuTult., save and give to the city hostelries a wide C.-Any person who will not have the ing doubled in size since Mr. Ross we t thftt Mr LADgi executive officer of the berth after hours.	means to pay to be vaccinated shall, on
sSsrSs a.'-s-Jc feSSsSSsS	- -	^ * z'ictaZZJZS
Dr. Benson, of Arnprior, will deliver a Mrs. David Moorhead, of Litchfield, "pendent's description of Dr. McLeod,
lecture, a very interesting one in the town passed away on Tuesday last at the home the Conservative candidate. He was in the manner provided by the Municipal hall here, on Thursday evening, January of her daughter, Mol Thomas McTier- "poken as a “Freewill Baptist minister, Code
zituic Jkxsri?, aï se ÆarïéS	».	<».	.
adulte 20 cents, children half price. The for the removal of cancer, performed member of the Prohibition Commission, ordered by the present by law, persons subject of the lecture will be “Men upon her at an Ottawa hospital last mum- lo face of such a denudation it is safe to wh0 may establish to the satisfaction of Wanted," a very interesting and in- mer, and which was noted in these “y that not many voters animated by the ^ executive officer of the municipal
happy and felicitous manner of handling and severe character, seems to have been the subject under review, those who are more than the constitution of one so fortunate enough to attend will be sure advanced in years —she was 78—could
of an intellectual treat. The hall is sure withstand, apart from the fact that it The organization of a comp to be crowded to the door. The lecture was not successful, and the result was tinrent of six squadrons of will be given under the auspices of the that the aged lady gradually broke down rifles with bearer company, hospital Methodist Church, Fort Conlonge. The under the strain. For several weeks cops, trained scouts and nurses has been
“Kingston Whig" say of a l.cture deliver- prior to her death, her sufferings were authorized by the war office. The scouts,	e ,	^
ed there recently by Rev. Dr. Benson on 0f the most intense character. The or trackers, as they are called in South ^^"ô/pickànock Road, three miles the same subject “ This lecture was deceased leaves a family of four daughfc- Africa, were specially asked for by Lord from otter Lake, containing 300 acres, charged full of bright things, every man ers and three sons to mourn her loss. Kitchener. But the minister of militia nbout 6U of which are cleared. Good dwell-wbo hea:d it went away inspired. It These are Mrs. Norman McCuaig, Mrs. had anticipated this request of the geo ing house and commodious outbuildings, was keen and vigorous to the wide-awake Thomas McTiermso, Messrs Sam and eral iu command and had already re- Tins has been used asasfcopplng place for mind'’ All are cordially invited to at- Robert, of Bryson, Mrs. Peter McCuaig cruited a squadron of trained scouts {JJoneyon*™ RAppl/to °m *	*
and Mrs. Thomson, of Calumet Island, raised in the ranching districts of the J	MICHAEL
Mr. John A , of Campbell’s Bay. The Northwest, and is now at Halifax wait late Mrs. Moorhead’s remains were in- ing to embark for Cape Town with the terred in the Presbyterian cemetery, contingent. Lieut. * Cassey’4 Callaghan Litchfield, on Thursday last
Hall
Hoard of Director» :
a Special Session Ijeld on Thursday the 2nd of January, 1902.
Chaklbs Macie, Esq., President. Geo roe Hat, esq. .Vice President.
now. Oto. Barsov. Ja.
CAPITAL
Jorx Mathkii, E*q.. —.,	Davîp MaiLar.cn, 1*4,
D*#wx* MrmriiT. F*q.
Alu.Fka
O
Great Midwinter
e
Clearing Out Sale
BY-LAW No. to
flEORGFBURN 1). M. FINRIB
General Manager, .. .. Manager
The Municipal Council of Clarendon by
Branches : IN ONTARIO
Kwwatm.
Krmj.tr.Ile,
Mnttawa,
Ottawa,
8HAWYILLE BRANCH,
Lanark,
Tarry Sound, I>mbrok«,
Alexandria, Ait prior,
Aeonmore,
BraceVriilis,
Cariâtes
Money loaned on approved seenrlty at reasonable rates.
Rat Portage, Winchester, do Bank fit. Renfrew do Rideau Bt. Toronto, Vankleek Hill, Smith's Falls
IN MANITOBA :
eu
Farmers notes bought and collected
in it
Place,
Hawkeebury,
2Therefore, 48 hours after the said by-law shall have come into force any person, being within the municipality, who will not be able to establish that he
8AVINQ8 BANK.
Aooonn* * opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Orricm Hours .
SATURDAYS . .
Dry Goods, Clothing", Furs, Underwear Boots & Shoes Moccasins.
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
PrrUgf La Prairie
IN QUEBEC i
,	Hull,
Bhiwinigan Falls
Agents In Canada, New York ai.d Chiesgo— Bank of Montreal.
Agents in 8t. Pml-Meicbants Nat Bank.
Agents in London, Kng.-Ptrr'e Bank Ltd.
LntbuU.
Montreal
10 A.M. TO 3 P.M
9
y
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
months, will be liable to a fine of five
notch. Profits are not considered in this sale.

I am prepared on the icc there.
ter
A. N. Wilson
Dr. S. R. Martin, Surgeon Dentist, Ottawa, will be at Quyon, Jan. 10th and 11th; Shawville, 13th; Portag» du Fort, 14th; Bryson, 16th; Campbell’s B*y, 16th; Coulonge, 17th.
o
person to exhibit said certificate, when required to do so, will render him liable
We have Men’s Coats from $2.00 up.
Ladies’ “
Ladies’ Fine Shoes
2.00 “
00 "
Oil Tan Moccasins 60 “ Deer Moccasins
ii
65 “
We faithfully carry out all we advertise. Attend this Sale and prove it,
J. H. SHAW.
5.—Any physician who will knowingly give a false certificate upon any facta he may be called to certify in virtue of the preceding articles, shall become liable to a penalty of twenty dollars.
Optical Department.
I

7.—The above fines can be recovered
We are now fully prepared to properly examine and test your eyesight, having recently taken a thorough course in Optics at the best Optical College in Canada.
smallpox.
John Stewart,
Mayor
H. Matheson, Sec.-Treas
Scouts for Kitchener
We have a full line of Spectacles and Eye Classes froml 25 cts. to $5. We show you the different priced glasses and you choose according to your means.
lete con-mountcd
Farm for Sale.



No charges for testing your eyes, and we tell you whether you need a pair of glasses or not.
tend, more, the object is a laudable one.
—Com.
The following address and presentation Vas made on Thursday Evening Jan.
2nd, to Miss Buurrou<bs, at the Rectory :—	.
To Miss Amy K. Burroughs :	Report of Elmeide Cheese
“ We, the members of th3 choir of St.	Factory	J I
Paul’s church, Shaw ville, on the eve of	*7'	It i» seated «hit during »h* late hunting
your departure from amongst us, desire to	, ^ ~ „	_	eainn in Marne not fewer than t wen y To the inhabitants of the aforesaid Muni
express our regard for you and our The patrons of Klmside ( hoeso Factory hous-md dwr and moose must have be-'u cipality :
hïæEE-h	™	####%#
half. We desire you to accept this ring re 1,1 t0 fche P*61-011® •	i"g their ipun ah u «>n* million dollar». (I,iaiificd to vote for Municipal Councillors
as a token of our regard and as a memorial Milk received during the season, 752,- Tn*t i* u«»ng the figure» of the statist will 1* held at the Council llall (Orange of your association with us, and we pray 600 lbs. Cheese made, 73,527 lbs — oiaoa • f Maine's n lustnee, that for er-ry Hall) in the said Municipality, on Mon-
11 J brsMi- easus	BSsSsSaEiS
The address was signed by the Yen. lbs. Cheese 10-23 lbs. Paid patrons per 'ready remark d m th-se columns there | fwo Councillors of the said Municipality Archdeacon Nay lot, Mr. Ireland, and all 100 milk 72-80 cts.	were also time of the hume ¦ »ho* snd ( pursuant to the provisions of the Muni
the members of the choir and chun-h We the undersigned have examined the killed. ». d upward# of thirty her* loipal Code of the Province of Quebec,.to wardens. The ring is of gold and con- above account# and found them correct. U v-reiy wund-d through>c*ie <a«tues* m replace Messrs. John II. fcnuw and Arth
tains three rubies and four pearls.	Gbaham,	h u%o of fi sma* S aiU ie-, f-Om Given this Twentieth day of December,
Shawville this I	Wm.	Géant.	Wucoi.nu	ehow lb* 1<	me * were killed	thousand nine hundred and one.
Auditor».	I • md S8 thera *, *	- h1 whil hun -
Elmaide, Dec. 26th, 1901.	| ing «hi» »e%# n »!••.—St. John T«1 graph.
QUEALE, Otter I>ake, Que
Public Notice.
is command of this corps
Record of a Hunting Season
Province of Quebec, Mueicipality of the Village of Shawville.
Satisfaction Guaranteed,
THE DRUG STORE.
Spectacles.
Pure Drugs.
ur
Misa Burroughs leaves week for Sudbury, Ont., to which place her parent* are removed.
J. It HOIINBR.
See. -T
rv as*
x




1


y ¦



###PAGE###2###
BOTTLED TYPHOID FEVER,
HE GAVE 1,000 CROWNS
GOING FOIl A SOLDIER
At a police court situated near a	hK frag	|K| #	IB E3	'1 ho Etnperor Joseph II. was In
garrison town in the west of Fnglaii	¦¦	B	fll H	B HM	the habit of walking about incog*
ago	was I	BIB llfl nito
brought up charged with being drunk	^BBjcBB	BjH H	PjaM	codec whop and asked for a cup of
and disorderly and with fighting in	Bg_i IAwhE M chocolate, llo was plainly dressed,
the street.	I	m wml BV¦ H and the waiters, being ignorant of
He was a tall, well-built, strap-	.	—,	.	. '	his rank, insolently refused it, say-
ping young fellow, but evidently an | UoylOli 101 IS th6 flllSlt I tog it wan too early
old offender, for tlio magistrate, af- TAa this world nrnduoAc Without making any reply, ho ter inflicting a fine, which was paid	1	walked out, and went into a little
by a friend of the prisoner’s in	QftCl	|g	gold Only In lOSd	notice-house hard by, and asked for a
court, asked him if he had any work	cup of chocolate. The landlord ante do.	i packets,	severed that it should be ready in a
The prisoner replied that he was	Mlv«i4 rtrlr|	*mm** moment,
out of work.	OiaCN| m 1X00 ino \JrOOn« While he waited for it lie walked
"You seem to be frequently get-	tea drinkers try 4<SaIadsM Green trs. UP Hntl down, and was conversing on
ting into trouble by drinking and |-------------------| different subjects, when the landlighting, ” said the magistrate. "Why------------------- ...	lord’» daughter, a very pretty girl,
don’t you go for o soldier?”	>ta roM<2TTMPTTVir<2 txt m mnf1e hvT appearance.
"Not me,” was the answer. "I did	vtabq **	101 The Emperor wisher her good flay
once, your worship, and he very	YEARS.	and observed to the father that it
nearly killed me.”	|	™	high time a flower in full bloom
|^E	¦¦¦¦¦ Statement of Dr. John Ferguson— | should marry before it faded.
The New Free Consumptive	¦¦
Hospital an Immediate Helper | ”if I had but a thousand crowns, I
could marry her to a fine young man who is very fond of her. But, sir, The statement of Dr. John Fcrgu-1 the chocolate is ready son, one of Toronto’s well-known The Emperor called for a pen, ink physicians, that, "if consumption and paper. The girl ran to fetch patients were properly isolated and them, when he gave her an order treated, within ten years from now j his banker for a thousand tuberculosis would be one of the
Duntroon, |rurett of I nuwn diseuaw," ought to, An ordinary p)ere 0, English silver
encouraging stimulus to plat0 hllS on n ,our diff,.rcllt. marltR; of f--ends of the new tree Consumptive FirRt> thc illitials 0, i(H makrr. s,.. Eecord A | Provo nil encouraging stimulus to | eond- the mnrk ol the company;
third, the sovereign’s mark—the lion; fourth, n letter denoting Uic dale.
STRANGE ESTABLISHMENT IN
XONDON,
Enough Microbes in One Room to lviil Every Person in the
World.
One morning ho went into a
Tooth Powder 259
In one of the busiest districts of London, within gunshot range of teeming Bat tor sea ami Lambeth, in l h el sea, to be brief, there is a building where the microbes of almost every known disease are stored, fed, and developed with ns much care and tenderness as is given to the fairest ami rarest of flowers, says Pearson's Weekly. It is said that this building the Institute of Preventixo Medicine, contains sufficient microbes to bring about the death of every man, woman and child, in the entire world. There are thousands, millions, and billions of them, ami they are just yearning to be at their fell work upon human beings.
Needless to say, this strange tablishiuent is not maintained mure hobby; the object With which these terrible "mighty atoms struct ion arc reared is to familiarise
medical men with the precise character,
the diiiercnt bacilli; to discover, in fact, everything that can j>ossibly be discovered with a view to the prevention and
Good for Bad Teeth
v .
Not Bad for Good Teeth
1	*	«	-	.-V -irx „ A _
Icsodont Liquid »5c. Lftrtf* Llquldand Powder TJe»
At all stores or by mail. Sample of the Liquid for the pottage, 30.
HALL & RUOKEL, Montrai
A hi" replied phe honest old man,
9 t
WIDEMAN TALKS.
tiSO OC CARI1 "ill buy a box of SWEET SONORA ORANGES, of 1I
y°u lnke 5 boxes ^'|i”i^nak”6oll|‘e price $2.10 per bo*.
to This End.
es-
9 9
THE CLAY POTTER WHO ESCAPED BEING CRIPPLED FOR LIFE BY ALMOST A MIRACLE.
THE DAWSON COMMISSION CO., Limited, TORONTO.
Consignment» of Poultry, Duller, Kg*,, Potatoes, Dean,, Honey, Apple, .elicited,
us u
I »
oi de-
on
CTOW11H
Tho Empire of Japan is 155,000 square miles in extent—that is 84,000 miles bigger than tho United Kingdom.s It contains over 4,000 islands.
Nvltzcr-wator takes its namo from tho village of Nieder Seltzers, in’ J'niKsiu. A spring there discharges 5,000 cubic feet un hour of this mli* oral Water.
appearance, unci disposition of
A. N. Wi deman of
Ont., Interviewed in Toronto— | prove an The Most Hopeless Case i Rheumatism on
Living Monument to the Pow-1 Hospital to hurry along subscription* towards the furnishing of this hospital, capable of admitting at
cure of diseases which
are caused by microbes can conceive what study bacilli ullord.
An uninformed stranger might walk through the incubator room of the Institute without dreaming for ment that he was in a hot-bed of diseases; he would more probably Imagine he was in a novel kind of bakery, where small bottles of variously colored fluids were stored to be in an even temperature, for around tile room are arranged numerous oven-like incubators with glass doors, through which
c=
And 01
a fascinating
er of Dodd's Kidney Pills
PAGE METAL GAT £S *r# *> low in t
no on# §1
to use wooden ones. Light, »r <l yet strong enough to port» heavy mmu on the end while he swings around circle without causing them to >ar. They are neat aopcaranoe, will last a lifetime. WiU not sag nor cot riche i 3b They are supplied with latches which allow them to* ed either way and nr#self acting. The only rood ugh in price for General farm purposes We also make Farm and C Netting, Nails and Staples. The Pm#s Wire Fence Co..Limited %
Toronto, Dec. 80.—Tho wonderful | charge escape of A. N. Widemnn, which found its way into the newspapers a few’ weeks ago, is still a subject of interest here, lie will he remembered
.........—........
He was fairly snatched front a C onsumptive Hospital has	' 1 ‘ *	'	- -	_ ___ She: "Harry, you said something
miserable death by Dodd's Kidney | built, in four years 422 patients	-	-	last evening that
Dills, and he has been one of the	j have	been treated and more than	bad
greatest upholders of Dodd's Kid-	352	have been cured, or so helped	She: "You said	I was
ney Pills in Canada ever since.	that	they could go back to work,	sweetest girls in	the world	"
Mr. Widemnn still 1ms to use « caring for wife or children dependent	,rArv	aren't you, darling?” She:
f . ,	.	stick when he walks, as the disease upon them.	1AVj	said 'one of the sweetest.* Oh, liar-
flg	who1sc w“.vs Of left him with one leg shorter then The new Free Consumptive Ilospi- During the year tho space devoted ry, to think that 3 should live to
nrfhimr ™ . lUbCS 1S b!\rrvU ^ thc ,)thcr-	tal is situated in Muskoka, not far to advertising MINA HD'S UN Î- know that 1 have to share your love
at.-«s? r snsraæ* is s ,t	is *“	— *m « li*«i u*a»’i fm
y.,. f 1,,'|,SI '',N ’ riposes a power teeth from taking mercury medi- generously borne thc cost of con- speak from personal experience as to Fife is thc best cultivated of Scotch	—
hum ni hJ.	M'etp t“° eartl1 oi cities. Mr. Vvidenmn is as well a.* strutting the building desiring that the merits of this best of household counties, 75 per cent, being farm 282,821 women are employed la
Ar «i ti. * a	«	.	|ever lie was in his life.	the same benefits that have come to I Remedies.	land, Sutherland has less than 2$ English cotton factories ; only 147,^
tSTiSUSt«.'JgWKjWLZKKLT• ...................................................................-...—
Aliiiost every durèrent kind of in my case/' said ho. "They drove |cnt situation, should come to the Microbe hue particular likes and dis- thc Rheumatism clean out of my poorer patients whose only hope is
winch have to he carefully system. You know work was slack in admittance to tho Free Conmimp-1-
One kind of bacilli likes to in earthenwnrv works, and 1 took a tive Hospital	Tho hieyrst average farm m the
another off.fhunce to work in the harvest field. All that is wonting now is the fur- world is in South Australia, where
sir,11 % :ïï'k;	-——- **• ”•”»
ami so on right through the list of tack of Rheumatism 1 ever heard of. 'j he National Sanitarium Associa-diseases represented, though, luckily I was in bed five months. My legs tien, because of their heavy debt, for the catering department of the were twisted out of shape, the toes are unable to undertake this part of establishment, a few agree in having Pointing inwards. Well, nothing the the work. Only let the many whose vei> similar tastes.	doctors could do did me the least | hearts arc touched by the distressing
bo far as possible each tube con- Kood- M.V <eeth broke off from thc cases chronicled in newspaper col-tains one and only one sort of bacil- niercury lie gave me, that was all.” unmg from f|ay to duv send their li, but microbes are so marvellously ''ITow y°u come to take Dodd’s contributions of $1, or, if possible, minute that it is exceedingly dilli- I^iney I ills ?’ Mr. Widcnmn was $5, $10, or $50, and no time will be
cult to keep intruders out. Now and as,, ^	,	lost in opening wide the doors of
again it is discovered that a A neighbor of mine, Mrs. lloycr, the new hospital, étranger has walked into the diph- mo to try them. I did so to ]s not the suggestion a timely one theriu bottle, we will say, and an },l('ftSe hor* b,,t continued their use ()ll the opening of a new year? The Entirely new kind of microbe has re- ^oause they were curing me.”	pleasure» of the season will be
suited from the intrusion. Then Tl< ^(,u ascribe your present heightened in an immeasurable de-some delicate and interesting work hoa	nm§,strength to Dodd’s Kid- grve Vy the thought that one’s gifts j
has to be done; the new atom has to	ll ^ ;	.	have been, of the kind tfT help those
be caught, conveyed into a separate certainly do. If it hadn't be* n j xv)l0 lltc most needing help— the poor bottle, measured, examined and or °f ( s Sidney I ills I would he consumptives whose sickness is studied until his character and idea- 1J n«T. f,avo this minute,’ said doubtless the reason for depriving tity, tastes and reelings have been r* WlLemnn emphatically.	wife and children and other loved
thoroughly learnt.	?--—	ones of the blessing» that would
'i he benefit the Institute is able to	NOT TO BF IiFATFN	01 herwise come to them. Contribu-
eonier upon mankind by such study	J	lions will be received by Sir Wil- I
end means is simply beyond all mea- A certain Englishman will never Ham R. Meredith, Chief Justice, 4 sûrement. Supposing, now, that a fltvc in to nn American that America Lamport avenue, Toronto; W. J. physician suspects that a patient of l:as anything of the kind in it to Gage, 52 Front Street West, Toron-his has a certain disease latent in compare at all with the old country, j to; or thc National Trust Company, his blood, ready to break out upon £°t into a very hot dispute late- limited, treasurer, 32 King Street j receiving the slightest encourage-1 ^ with two Americans, and having ea t, Toronto ment. The microbe is so minute I bought them us to every other pro- j that it cannot be identified except jn duction, they came to beef loigc numbers. He is, therefore, in* | , Well,” said one of the Americans, capable of making sufficiently certain 1 Jou ( w’d admit that our beef is of his suspicion to justify him in J taking measures to prevent the dis- ' ease from developing and
a mo-
Well, J did
so last
metal, Watfcmlile, 0
THE VULNERABLE POINtÏ
Bercy— I've made Pauline that she threw me over.”
Guy—"In what way?”
Percy—"Why, I’m attentive to a girl five years younger she is.”
tkst is low «B0 Fence. Poultry
» I
made me feel so What war. it, dearest ?”
one of the "And "You
sorry
• 9
He
one can perceive THE LONG GLASS TUBES
now
than
2
W P. ©. H09
mg
SDZ6D0NT for the TEETH 2£o
likes, studied
the most popular DENTIFRICE.
HEARTLESS WOMAN.
I
O
diuc oil horses’ blood, broth, while another will touch thing but a peculiar kind
"Poor Bickers has a very hearted wife,” said Triwet.
What’s the trouble now ?” asked
hard-
a
acres.
• #
Dicer
Keep Minard’s Liniment in the House
She not only broke the broomstick over his head, but made him go to the store and buy another.”
S 4
Preserves the teeth. Sweetens the breath. Strengthens the gum#
It is calculated that Norway and Sweden have between them 322,000 head of reindeer, than 45,000 in all.
Brass Band
1st for Minard's and (ale no other
Finland has less
36.000 tons of alum are made yearly from shale raised in thc North of England.
instrumente. Drum#, Untfbrme. Etc,
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
Lowes! prices ever quoted, Fine o*U!of«e 6flOH!e*trMlin».m*tltd free. Write o* for en ÿ
thing in lltisle «sr Hesleal lnsiremr*t«.
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL-COMFORTING.
COCOA
to free 4 ceu> is os»; rat.
WHALEY MOB & 00, Limited,
^F	Toronto, Ont, end Winnipeg, lien
The best red sealing wax is composed of shellac, Venice turpentine, Vermillion, and u little gypsum.
Gents* Suits Cleaned
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
or Dyed ; also Ladles' •ud H<mw Hangings GOLD MEDALIST
' Wear of all kinds,
BRITISH AMERICAN DYBINO C(ZY,
Montreal, Ttronlo, Ottawa 4 Queben
per Over Fifty Tear#
Of 12,525 criminals convicted in one recent year in England and Woles, 34 were sentenced to death, 10 to penal servitude for life, and VI to over 10 years’ penal servitude.
BÜJUee ei awthtra fer their children while teething.
(Mother the child, leftena là#eues, elle?*psie, curst	___
London fire brigades Inst year ex- UîilfSîpZîîîîSilf* fetS? %w
perienced over 800 false alarms, Of ere amidships. Special alieoUo abas bars
ft- ou-I Saloon end Thlrd-CUn
Deafness Cannot bo Cured
K££3
• hi u4
br local applications, as they cannot reach the diseased portion of the ear. There le only one way to care deafness, and that !m by cointltu-tional remedies. Deafnr.es it caused by an inflamed condition of the muoone Using of the Eustachian Tube. When this tube is inflamed yon have a rambling sound or imper feet hearing, and when il It enl rely closed deafness is tho result, and unless the Inflam malien can be tak*n out and title tube restored to its normal condition, bearing will be de strayed forever : nine cases out of ten are osused by ottarrh, which is nothing bit aa la-flamed condition of the raucous sur'ace*.
We will give One Hundred Dollars far any case of Deafness (caused by catnrrh) that can n t be cured by Hall's Catarrh Cura. Seed lor circular., free.
which 250 were maliciously given s
A Toronto Druggist Tried I All the Catarrh Remedies Known.
Fiep» (hr i'evgti and werfca sff the fold.
Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets cure a eold In one day. No Lure, No Fay. Price Mcent*
Btefcanb. Mille èOe, T7 euteBi.Bes
ftasaAsws
COLD SORES
Yes,the beef is all right here We send it over to England, ami your people buy It.**
"Yes, that's true
Finding tho old man ' weakening,
discussed "back and got him rather entnngl-
i f
i #
Lake Nicaragua, through which the new canal will pass, is the only fresh water lake which holds a species of shark.
ATTACKING HIS PATIENT
removed or healed by one or two «pplt-ca lone of Clleadlne. It keeps the skin •oft and clear.
Large Box## 16o.
Ctleadlne Co., Toronto.
I 9
He can, however, draw a drop of his patient’s blood, and send it to the j t^e Institute, where thc bacteriologists Ward Will at once get to work on the clue.
They will put the blood, and with
Americans
Druggist# Of
9 9
Minard's Liniment is used by Physicians
cd
At last, after a long talk, they gAYS JAPANESE CATARRH CURE
It t he food on which the suspectai I Englishman, es°thty went, sceZVto 19 THE ONLY PERMANENT microbe is known to thrive, in a I reflect that he had been giving in too	CURE.	*
tube, then place the tube in an meu- much 8o hc snid._	j	¥ns'	Thc German Army possesses 8,000
E B§§|En§ I	-------
!b„yl°,SSnS,llllr,,iwssAïSfnfôiSaSra
the tube in thousands of thousands, I cat ^ boys—they don’t eat it. They fîît ,1ieo ,eTerel doctors, bus only received à
*5tr iara.asr» r-1 r&fAjtYzarz SSKSSS
his patient for the elimination of tho.f^*”	! *r m the very first it gave roe much relief
finitely greater than if the treatment want a bargain you needn't look any , them when» it has eured."
£ r.	________ ¦*8Sr$&&S&&£
s£2s«s*ff» inné Hét
F. J. CîlfiNKY k CO., Ttleds, O Sold by DrnggliM, 75e.
Hall's Famhy Pills are the beik
I]

Great. Britain has 10,340 naval guns, of which 340 are muzzle load-
*
l
II lit
IBM I
i
ers
How many men are suffering miseries for the want of a simple remedy ? They do not live ; they simply exist, In the faces ot thousands can be read the story of a wasted life and blighted hopes. Joys and pleasures are unknown to them because there vitality Is being sapped. Varicocele, wasting drains have exhausted nature's electrical forces and left them wrecks upon til# shores of life.
*



One may wonder wbftt elaborate precautions ere taken to guard dgainst the bacilli teeming in thc incubators of thc Institute from escaping and attacking thc people of London. Thc answer is: practically none. The fact is, there is no danger whatever. The microbes, being reared by artificial means, would perish directly they encountered ordinary atmosphere, and they arc thus surrounded by a wall which cannot be passed by them. Ordinary bacilli are, on the contrary, wonderfully hardy. They will thrive in temperatures no animal could bear. They do not mind being cut up or ground up. but they won't be boiled, and they have a rooted objection to carbolic ncid In any ornl every form.
WINTER FOGS

Of recent years fogs have nôt been
so severe as formerly. According to Clocks were first set by electricity the official records of the lleterologi- in Brussels in the year 1857. cal office the worst winter of thc last i thirty years was that of 1800-91 m when fog prevailed in London on fifty days, thc provinces coming in for their fair share of thc visitation. The
Dr. McLaughlin’s Electric Belt
f
V
/
I
Is the grandest remedy of the ago for building un wrecked humanity. It Alls thc exhausted nerves and organs with the fire of life. If you will use it while you sleep for two months it will restore youthful rigor to every organ of tho body. It is the only electrical body appliance in the world to-day that will In fuse the life force into the weakened parts.
It is curing thousands. I con furnish you with testimoniale from tho» whom I have cared. Perhaps some of them your neighbours.
: i ?9Z0D0NT Tooth Powder 2Bo
f,

There is- a patch of ground in clearest winter was that of 1876-77, Colorado, ;it Cupper Cheek, <» mike when the number of foggy days was by 3, which yields twenty million only seven. The fact that this was dollars worth of gold n year, and a very stormy winter explains the will not bo worked out for a immunity

/
mw.
Read these Encouraging Cures
cen-
tury
I have been wearing your Uelt nightly for near «y a month. 1 am uslotf it for constipation, and I am also a
I am still wearing It, and will tell	• Before vising your Belt I was
you about the result. I hare gain-	given up by eight doctors, and was
ed about fifteen pounds, and my	reduced to 98 pounds, and confined
batk does not both* me now.—D.	tot my bed as weak as an infant. It
CRIBBIB. Qwlpfv. Oa*.	la rxrw five months sineo I started	we.u„,.fl have left
Yourr belt has helped my nerves,	ths use of the Belt, and am com-	my t>.;cx, and n> tejl tno truth I hate
and I have gained in flesh, and my	pletely cured, and have gained	no pains or echos at since using
joints are to oser.-CLAUDE COOP-	Fouw% -T. N. BIU>WN, Colling-	your Belt.-T. J. PATH JCK. ltocktdn.
Bit, Box 18È, Chatham, Ont.	, wood, Ont, . ,	.	« i »	QUA.
GAUTioN-kmaa&saaæaaa
lenonetoogooi wken you want yonr healek.yonrrigoi; 60	Tme Aaihlon electroeejt my epsdlat tsyenlloo. Without
Stall elect rie belts blister a ndtmro holet In the rltth a»4 can do no good. I take the other belts In trade
FREE BOOK
the man you ehonld be, write to-day.	/
DR. M.D. MoLAUGHLI
S/u/z /jx/kiu

ood
fi

A LUCKY BARGAIN.
It is said that a foreman stereotyper in a London printing works has hnd a curious windfall. Going to a sale of musical instruments he purchased a harpischord for twenty shillings, because, having a hobby for fretwork, he fancied the wood of the front panel
perdu homo 1 e dissected it
then discovered that thc harpischord had a double back, and presently between the boards he found very old Bank of England notes, the total face value of mkich amounted to £30,000»


4
ire

«




When he got his
ITc

k/M
ISO YONQK STRUT, TORONTO, ONT.
0
;:¦/ '



nx.
x
L .	, %>	/


X-
###PAGE###3###
cab In another. Jump In 1M and Sir Richard hastily gave the necessary instructions to their driver.
"Keep that cab In wight, and you «hall have half a sovereign besides your fare," cried Daunt, as ho and Hob got into another.
"Right, guv nor," and then the chase begun.
"IIo Im making for bin old haunt In Seven Dials," said Daunt. "Ho wants cash to pay his way out of the country."
"You think lie means to leave the country ?"
"Without doubt. It's his only chance. Hut no more talking ; see, his cab has stopped "
Yes. The cub, which had led Trafalgar Square, had stopped Just opposite St. Martin's church.
Leon alighted, paid his fare, and walked off up the street.
".lust as I thought," said Daunt as they followed also on foot. "There ho goes—straight for the Hotel (Jail-lard."
W.- •>**>»<• > 'W>v'X' * <••>

!
HIS
FOR FARMERS
/irW»
The Untimely End of
Joeeph Devee.



ILL-GOTTEN
WEALTH.
A
V
:
Seasonable and Profitable hints for the Busy Tillers of the Soil.
•Il
6
:

@
"/J y
U

I


li® (Dp-/

feeding dairy cows.
J»
•i*

SwStw iE3s%f.f3SE
Bcollww» V-vd la called In to .olve	1,10 mnn tllllt « right, and on
There are two key» itlm HCll,nre- (Jivo him the office, and -ono held by Mr. he’Jl i)1,,mt the clothes." the other by Mr., Meggltt had to do as requested for
Utter his own sake. The Marquis alone
A
•K* ?	? ? *X* ?> •> ?? •><•?> *>
"h
Low y to httvo good euro must have clean, comfortable stables dance of light, water

I
I
Wm
I
an abun-
proper food, pure not ice cold, and Homo exorcise, writes Mr. U. U. Uibba. advocating exercise for dairy doubtless
i
M
I

li
j

By
the mystery
jo the strong-room .Waldo, flortuor,
• chief cuâhier
bas two children, Bob and Jose- know where the embezzled funds of phlue. He reproaches llob, who Is tho bank were hidden. The clothes
extravagant	with
pirations • to the hand of Helena IValdo, for having consumed his sister's dowry to pay his gambling debts. fc>urtec3 is suspected of tuu theft. A search-warrant is taken out against him. Some Portuguese bonds answering to description of missing securities are found in Ids on session. Ho is convicted and «onto seven years penal servi-Sir Richard Haunt in love
up
cows
many r<: ; win think I
if 1 am I am in my are in so
am behind tho times, not in a hurry to catch opinion many dairymen
much haste to get the almighty dollar they are following the example of the man who killed tho tabled
I
this
57
up
i


V !
1
w
ae- |woro planted and news conveyed to Leon, who took advantage of the first opportunity.
‘Tin off/* lie said to hia'mate, who stood nearest him ; "going to make my lucky I Don't peach."
"Not I. They’ll find you out fast enough for themselves. Wot are you bidding for n bashing for ? Stop where you arc."
"Keep your aye on the nigger-driver—tell me if you see him nod," r wav.
a-. Ht- si: ::: z\~& ~ %
xt*,*	.. 4 t .	. ,,	. send word as soon as possible to extent
ebMbh!
He :r r :fr E IhSI i i jéI	! @P?Sp ! S™S?ee
that thero has been a grievous mis- poarnnees n free man.	pv onc of (jic Continental routes, ns !‘‘ ‘ 1 * yIr>Img ftl U f, ll'y.,£ll|0 Cun 1 increase that profit without bans live scientific inquiry into th
take," said Sir Richard.	! Wlmt were these buildings close on 1 ‘fullv expect, he will soon have to , >Cats * 1 ,nm. weU SU1 f?fJ- injury to tho cattle or their product? feeding and raising of pigs with i
"1 should like to admit It. ul- his z right ? A low range of two- ,JC moving."	/hey ,n^ucnt,ly cal.ver b.wlore l'Qy aro	_ view to discovering why much of th
though it.s much against himself ; storied houses with a wide verandah Kven ns Daunt spoke the door of ycar® ,o1U , I,d0 „ T	HOME-CURED IIAMS. pork exported by the Dominion i
but still there are one or two points running in front of the second floor, the don which they were watching ! , , 1 hQAe a hcnci llu 1 *s|uiU . f	t	rated us inferior on account of it
that 1 cannot got over. These bonds Rat ranks ? Yes. 1 hoy were barracks; was opened cautiously and a man— )rcc( whcn	I It is unnecessary to have a barrel luck of flrmnes3
they in Surtees' posses- he had heard some of Ids comrades | Leon, no doubt, just his height, and ABOUT 14 MONTHS OLD. |,n which to make a pickle. A corro-
on tho works say so, as they pointed | with the tell-tale hang of the left I am to have about three-quarter ^pondent has had excellent success by "Meggitt may have put them thero to their open unprotected fronts, nnd leg—issued forth.	of my mature cows calve the latter lhe following method: Lut oil the
—en—**
mœsssmsassraf
miHi
! t
x
"S

ill
I
goose
I hev feud stimulating foods, house in overheated, poorly ventilated stables, allow no exercise, and, never give a thought as to the effect such treatment may have upon their must watch cows' health or whether their milk is You wholesome or not

c
"You know it communicates with that filthy place where I was shut up so long ?" cried Hob, with a shud-

U#
C
»
apparently,

y/>
&

<lrr
nntl wo
both issues," replied Daunt, had hotter tnko tho other side
tho present J.ook sharp, Hob
"Perfectly
i
They know tho at cows thus treated produce more milk you know at the time
£
need lude,
with Josephine, meets the Marquis do Ojo Verde to whom Hob lost his money and sets n detective to watch
Mrs. Waldo’s I
Ex
least for
\
than tiny otherwise keep j would and that Lite milk sells in tho
F


\

Such
¦/'l
him
and 1* anchette
These two arc or^sted' for
WHY HE WAS HONEST
maid	¦¦¦¦¦¦
Card-sharping. The marquis found to be a ticket-of-Ica*»î man, gels t long term.
Rastus—Boss. I*se awful sorry, but inah son Kbeneazer dona stole die tur key frum yo' coop.
Mr. Jackson—That’s good of you, Rastus, and for your honesty yon msj ke< Hast us- Much obligé, boss, but dis ycre turkey's got da pip
I think April
PORK LORE
CHAPTER XXXII
Scientific Observations of Expert on the Feeding of Pigs.
Tho Canadian Department of Agn culture
has just concluded an ex
how ctttoo
Bion ?"
Tho trade in pork has become at important branch of Canadian com merce, the business with Engin» alone amounting to more than $12, UOU.OOO in the last year; so the Ag ricultural Department has conduct» the inquiry into the soft pork matte regardless of expense and labor. IV results are summarized in a loi j pamphlet issued for the culight u ment of pig breeders.
They arc, briefly:	First, that th
parts of oats, pease and barley gnv« tho best and firmest pork, and i* doesn't matter whether the rutiom are served wet or dry; third, that o all p;g foods beans and cornmca give the softest and most inierioj pork.
There arc many tables and figure: in decimals to point these conclu felons. The scientific men of the Agricultural Department have also dis covered that to feed young pigs u|
..............issaiaag
& s^saa?*
er; that "it is quite evident that tho root crops—turnips, mangels and sugar bee Lb—can bo used with benefit and impunity, that the scientists "do not notice any softening effect duo to the results of feeding rape, artichokes or pumpkins, cooked or raw."
Deans produce the worst pork of all the foods, and the investigators cannot advise that beans be used as diet in any degree whatever. There is no hope for good pork from bean food.
Dut corn is rated higher meal in moderation is recommended
While curing the
For a smoke house a
*
said Foskc, with
did
about confessions, which ho consider- ed. including a pair of neat shoes, vd a very bungling and inartistic and a billycock hat. manner of proving crime.	| "If I’m not nabbed now, in the.
"Perhaps," said Sir Richard, "Sur- next three minutes 1 shall lx? a free ;
We man."
escape
too cold for them to lie outdoors.
At least most dairymen should
r.|) and displaying hand- ; kcep a thoroughbred bull of a breed i'll is is i he second time I
the pleasure of spoiling
your little game. You had better
come quietly. The station is full of
people, and I have only to call for
help in the name of tiic* law."
it’s no go, Devos !" said Faske
any harm
valuable.”	I ms SURPLUS STOCK	enough for most families. They are
"Tho missing bonds; 1 believe, with My own herd consists of pedigreed weeks after smoking other securities."	, Dutch-Belted cattle. I like those cat- longer they arc kept, provided they
And they quickly examined the con- tie because jf their unique, uniform do not spoil, they better they arc. tents of tho bag.	marking, which Is most pleasing to
There they were ; the balance of the eye; their hardiness and hcarti-(ho Portuguese bonds abstracted ness and freedom from disco so; their from the strong-room, making up adaptability to environment wilh the number found Tn Mr. Sur- this would count for nothing did heavy.
you're	tllC wholc ‘iuanlity I Uiey not give a large How of good j Money is sugar that sweetens the creased the softer the pork
I she's "2%	milk It is practically Impossible to miser's life.	particularly is it set forth that over-
I wonder whether the messenger can not due tili four-fifty, and it's barely wantcd' to convince you ” said Daunï L°coi^ «o°out oTtho stable each \™Won makes good armor, but «ceding is bad. even for Digs.
And with that he rang the bell. | "Right you are. Don’t miss it, sn.1.'i!n* in. hi*h ?lec' .	pleasant day through the winter, j s "° K°° as a L oa
fowled, hang-dog looking ruffian, in a the express from Dover rattled into	. tV t	°r '	. and cob meal twice a day. From ! It takes a small boy and a pot oi Every merchant needs an assistant
phiny new suit, and black-wide-awake the station. Leon had time to take mv ® " rin«h !! m £ »•	SC° February 1 U11 erass. one-half pint jam to mark tabic linen quickly. iu whatever branch of his business
a first class ticket, reach the up-pint- y y V.V i j.<, n)°‘	of old process oil meal twice a day. j Poverty has kept lots of people he may be least capable of organiz-
"What does this contain ?" asked form, and secure a seat before the---------' e \onL,nueal:--------- Their fodder is largely cornstalks, from making laughing stocks of ing that feature of liis establishment.
Meggitt. ,	*	|train started again.	------+------- but includes hay and straw. They themselves.	Sometimes the assistant need only
"Can't you find out ? Don't you | "Narrow squeak, that !" said the NOT WIT AT HE MEANT AT ALL. get aa much as lhey wil1. cat up I The average husband imagines his be a trade publication. Sometimes
e* - “ ’ru *" —	*™.—ass srjsssrxs'sz*..........................................« - “» ^k»	sa
"" Ez	rrss’
was in the train, which scorned im- los<H)d rnanncr»	I could raise a big crop of turnips	0,1 thllt iatt,es*	wherein he can	make a trade publica-
possible, they would have a difficulty | A xory stout hostess who was cn- eacll year by sowing the seed in tho	A Kansas girl who	recently lost her	tjon do for	the Work , i h
in recognizing him in his new dis- ter tain mg a large company one eve- corn ‘ at tho last cultivation, I am	voice has received	twenty-seven of-	gftlarietl man	Tho lnnn whn 1hinlr *
r	t :~OT _. ^issr.-±s % £3
Several of the young men hurried j
One,
, coming < ulisg*
have had
tees himself might help us now
know several new facts, and when He had still to leave the barracks l.o hears them he may suggest fresh but the road lay straight and open I am going down to Chatham before him. There was no one to in n day or two, as I have a special interfere with him ; on the contrary, order to see him."	the soldiers he now met in twos and
Meanwhile Meggitt waited anxious- threes drew up and saluted him as he j ly for news of lxton When hope was passed. They took him. in his neat almost dead within him lie once more clothes ns he walked along erect and
consequential, for an officer of the He was alone in his snug little din- garrison, who had culled to sco a ing-room in Victoria Square when friend, his servant brought hhy in a note
Meggitt opened the letter, but to gates, and out on to the main road, him surprise found nothing inside hut Luck still favored him. Almost dL
piece of printed paper—evi- redly he emerged, an empty fly pass-
somo ed which ho hailed.
"Chatham Station !" ho cried as
"Look alive."
"There's just time, sir, if
• éf
ducs
heurt! of his accomplice
ready to cat for at least two
In fact, the
So he passed through the barrack-
+—
Corn-
a small
dcntly a leaf torn out from Final! volume. Meggitt turned it over several times, puzzled at first ho jumped in to guess what
"1 can't make head or tail of this, going up by the boat express
POINTED PARAGRAPHS

especially when helped down by skim milk and varied with other grains. But the more the corn ration is in-
An-1
All
The burden of love is never too
help."
It is better to hit the nail on tho
CHOOSING TIIE BEST
hat
Tho man
hand and held it closely up to his eye. near the light.
" Trust—him. Do—what — lie— says—Leon/ There you have it, plain as print can say it."
"Still I don't see ; you may be Inventing it. Show it me—there,"	So Leon reasoned, and fairly
said Meggitt, suspiciously, pointing enough. The chances were a thous-to the printed page.	and to one in his favor ; yet all the
"Well : look here. This is common tine when ho thought himself most print, but if you examine it closely sn'e ho was in the greatest danger, you'll	sec that the	letters hero and	He had been seen	and recognized as
there	have	got a	scratch	* across	he passed up the	train seeking a
them.	D'ye twig ? a fine	scratch	seat. Sir Richard	Daunt and Rob
made	with	a pin.	There,	see for	Surtees were also	passengers by it.
yourself.	They had been down to pay their
Meggitt took the bit of paper. visit to Mr. Surtees, and were "I understand. But why send this turning early to town, letter when you could tell me every- "Bob ! did you see ?" whispered thing by word of mouth ?"	Sir Richard, in great excitement
"Ho thought, over yonder"—again	"Of course. But I could not
the thumb over the shoulder—"you lieve my eyes. Surely, might not believe me if I came with- that scoundrel, and with all that red out something to show, so that's hair ?"
what ho contrived."	"He is red now : that's how
"Yes, yes. But what is his plan?" know him."
"I’ll tell you, guv nor : Joe, you "Ho must have escaped. What a must understand, works down in the daring, artful rogue ! Anyhow, he's fitting-out basin, with 97 party. But fallen into the lion's mouth ; we’ll they're not always there. Now and give him into custody again at Vio again Bingle's lot’s set to stack turin."
bricks. What you’ve got to do is "I'm not so sure of that, to plant a suit of clothes—a pair of Daunt, thoughtfully, navvy’s cordaroys very wide so ns to "What shall wo do then ?" pull ovsr his heavy boots, a loose "Stick to
jacket ditto, and a soft felt hat near he goes But wo must bo careful the brick stack, and leave the rest to on no account must he see us."
Joe."
. 'How on earth them T"
All yMi've H#»t to do U to go to
owe
I
to comply with the request who was particularly active, succeeded in reaching the table first.
As ho handed tho glass of water to the hostess she complimented him on
H ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦¦	¦
“Oh. tlmfs nothing," he said "I'm m Spit* of at Lent Half a Dozen Imitators, Dr. Chase's Syrup of linseed and Turpentine Has Mora Than Three Tlmai used to it. I got into many a cir-	the Sale of any Remedy Recommended for Throat and Lunar Troubles.
eus and menagerie when I was a boy it can’t bo carrying wntcr for tho elephant."
It was only when he saw tho expression on the lady's face, and no-11 ticed the silence, that tho young man realized what he had said.
Is Not This Stealing ?
ro-
ll a ve you been imposed upon when asking for Dr. Chase’s Syrup of Linseed and Turpenrme by being offered an imitation? Many have been, and wo know of some who have changed their druggist as a result. It is not safe to deal with a druggist who offers imitations and substitutes. An honest druggist will not offend his customers by au eh questionable methods.
The use of Dr. Chase’s Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine has become so universal that on all sides are springing up preparations of turpentine and linseed, put up in packages similar to Dr. Chase’s, with the object of making sales on the reputation of this famous remedy. Is not this dishonest. Is it not stealing, or worse? For, besides the injury done to the proprietors of Dr. Chase’s Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine, the people are being deceived. In some cases, no doubt, even life is lost as a result.
Arc you being deceived? Have y511 hiked for Dr, Chase’s Syrup JdnscCÎ ^ mrpenimo and been given an imitation or substitute? There is no doubt about the virtue of this	tu7ôm+	U u
too well kaown as a thorough cure for bronchitis, croup, whooping cough, asthma, coughs and colds to need further words of commendation. What wo want to do is to warn you against these imitations tain that you are getting the genuine, be sure that Dr. Chase’s portrait and signature are on the wrapper.
Dr. Chase’s Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine has reached phenomenal salue, because It cures when other remedies fail. It is far-reaching in effect, curing Die cold as well as the rough, and uprooting the mout serious forms of bronchitis, asthma, and similar throat and lung diseases. Twenty-five cents a bottle. Family size, three times as much, 00 cents. At all	or Edmanson, Bates & Company, Toronto.
A handsome and useful Christmas pres-	f. - ;.cr or grandmother is Dr. Uass’s Last amd Cesaplet*
Receipt Book. Illustrated folder free.

SERMONS BY TELEPHONE
even
Some very successful experiments with the electrophone have been made said ! by tho municipal telephone authorities at Tunbridge Wells, England, j Ten transmitters were fixed in differ-him like wax wherever | ont parts of St. James' Church, and
on Sunday the sermon of the rural dean, the Rev. A. T. Scott, was 11»! Ai Victoria they saw Leon get out. 1 toned to by telephone subscribers at am I to plant and without looking to right or left | Edinburgh
a hansom and drive off
# #
To be cer-
Giasgow, Manchester, Chelmsford, and Woybri , and by ‘Quick, Bob, we must Le after chat la number of London people.

y

i

UL








###PAGE###4###
THE EQUITY.
SMART & SMITH
MASSEY-HARRIS
January Snaps.
True Economy in Glasses.
The truly economical calculate the relation fof the cost to the re* eult.
Considering that our glasses give perfect sight, they are indeed a good Investment.
8HAWVILLE
WARE-KOOMS
SHAWVILLE, JAN. 9, 1902

(d 'f\e>

FT\d)
1
Canadian Trade ia A ft ec ted
v V
Though we have had a thoroughly satisfactory autumn and holiday trade, wo have no intention of allowing the public interest in our store to flag. We offer tho following bargains while they last :
A few pieces Dress Goods reduced 10 to 25 p.c.
Balance of our Ladies’ Jackets, 15 to 20 p.c.
Ladies’ Muffs, Collars, Ruffs, Caps and Gauntlets reduced
Men’s and Boys Overcoats and Caps reduced
Men’s Overshoes at $1.00 a pair.
Men’s Rubbers at 50 cents a pair.
The Celebrated
In a report to tho trade and commerce department, Dec. 3rd, Mr. J. 8. Larke, Canadian commercial agent for Australia, writes some of the probable changes in the commonwealth tariff which will ofiset the Canadian trade. Tho tariff on oatmeal rolled oats, flour, pearl barley, mulzena and cornflour, originally, two vents, is now one cent. The duty o i cotton clothing is increased from 20 to 26 per cent, while on cotton piece goods there has been a reduction from 25 to 10 per cent. Timber for butler boxes is now admitted free. Frozen fish, which used to pay a duty of 2 cents per lb., is now
\
New Williams
Sewing Machines.
10 to 20 p. c.
free
Mr. Larke succeeded in having a cus-
which would
toms regulations removed have favored American as against Canadian ports. It has been intended to add the cost of 11 inland freight ' too the value of goods for duty ; so that goods from Toronto, if shipped via New York, would pay less duty in Australia than if shipped via Vancouver. When it was brought to the attention of the Australian government that this was an unfair discrimination against the Canadian route, the regulation was abandoned and duty charged on fair market value in all cases with ten per cent added.
E. Caah, of the department of collections and admissions, of the Pan-American Exposition company, has presented his final report. The total attendance was 8,520 040. Of this number 6, 300,856 were free and 3,223,1891 I have decided to gO Ollt of paid admission.	I the Grocery Business and I am going
to sell everything in the Grocery line at COST and some articles a little under.
"THE DRUG «TORE"
A. H. BOX
Optician SHAWVILLK
10 to 20 p.c

/
V
P O
o
Intending Buyers should see the fine
display of these Machines
now in stock at
MACFARLANE BROS.
Cheap
O

Supt
Sale!
SMART & SMITH’S.
A NEWLY RE BUILT N|ILL
CLARENDON ROLLER MILLS.
The Bye-Elections
Give us a call and you will be convinced The open interference of ministers in that this is a genuine sale, the selectiono f candidates for the bye elections is not calculated to help those to whom falls thb duty of bearing the party standard. Tho operation of the election machinery does not leave much freedom to the successful candidate who supports a Canadian Government; when he owes his nomination ai well as the means to carry on the contrat to the direct act of ministers he is left practically no independence at all. There are tiroes when a man thus tied is not the people’s representative, but the Government s bond-servant. Were the Laurier Government less seemingly strong than it is in this province, such incidents as marked the selection of its candidates in Laval and the St. James division of this city might be fatal. As things appear they are not calculated to be strengthening ft is not sure that tho majority which •tood by Sir Laurier in November of 1900 is proof against revolt. If it begins to think of what the Government is doing instead of who is at the head there will be a great likelihood of its bresking away from traditions that, after all, are only six years old. The wholesale
mtrr,'	Mm stmt, • shawm..
—-¦» «- - «»>
the recently published public accoun • for the 1900-1901, are not what the ministers were under pledge to bring ¦ about. The “doctering of the figures of ¦ the public records shown in Mr. Mu-lock's report as postmaster-general, is not a thing to win honorabl i men's re-The bludgeoning of in old Lib-
The Best Flour and the Largest Returns 1901 for your wheat is Our Ambition.
1901
OR
—o —*
Note these Prices :
OREMOST
URNITURE.
We desire to have you and our Flour meet. There is a basis for a firm friendship between us after you ! and the Flour have argued it over. ; ;
75 cent pails of Jam (Plum. Peach Raspberry) for 50 cents.
Surprise and Gilt Edge Soap at 4 cte
3 pounds Soda Biscuits at 21 cts.
Tea Rose Syrup, i cts. per lb.
Can Tomatoes. Corn and Pease at 8c.
,	,	. m , « m —	...	.	.. i We are meeting your demand for cheap, me-
We have a Large Stock Of Everything in our Lino, diuin and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension
HiSh0St Pries paid for Hard Milling Wheat Lt®m"f=7n'T^t8' Jus^teaWs
JAMBS WILSON.! and you’ll prove it.
—o—0—o—
Every article will be sold
AT COST.
J. C. McGUIRE
We have also a first-class assortment of
HONG KEE,
THE FAVORITE
TERMS REASON.U»Lr
VHAHtlER MODERAT!
rHF.U'TlONl
PERSON AX. ATTENTION
ANTCKt
l
J. GRAHAM
SHAWVILLE.
CHINESE LVPHY,
GOOD STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
Next door to Mias A. McRae’*
T”	I Hash is King.
SASH and DOOR '	^	°
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND

AT
WAINMAIT’S.
Beginning with the New Year I hare decided to conduct my business on a new basis, by selling for
FACTORY
FOR SERVICE
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
(Formerly McCredie & Ijodgins)
Is again built up
?
¦pec
end 1 ke Mr. Prcfontama by s i.ew Liberal like Mr. Mr. Tarte ii not calculated to create eeteem for those who, _	...	. ,.	„
œ;
not win support in Montreal. Among | f0r two sows, other things it seems to h.?e driven Captain Wolvin to Quebec for facilities
found here but for Mr. Tarte a rejection	Bristol
of his proposals. The situation in this respect threatens a loss of employment to workers of S\ James division as well as a loss of commerce to the city people begin thinking of these things the packing of canveUiors, and the wire-pulling of the members of the Government will not sire the situation.—
The ministers may be on the way to receive a lesson they eviden'ly have much need of.—Montreal Gazette.
Pure bred Yorkshire H Apply to G. R.
log. Fee $1.00 ALLEN,
Clarendon,
CASH AND FARM PRODUCE ONLY.
By this method I expect to be enabled to dispose of goods at the smallest possible margin of profit to myself and a conesponding advantage to those who favor me with tlicir esteemed patronage. :
and
ready for business.
WELLINGTON SMART,
Starks Corners
BEING FI LLY EQUIPPED WITH UP - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: GOOD WORK DONE. ::	:t
1.00,
4 full line of Stove Furnishings,
With many thanks for past favors I wish all my customers the compliments of the season, and trust the year 1902 may be to them one of prosperity and happiness. : ; : ;
Agateware, Tinware, Etc,
G. B. wainmànT SHAWVILLB.
Pure-bred Yorkshire Hog. Service fee—$1.00.
If the
JAS. ARMSTRONG.
Green Lake

Large English Berkshire, pure bred Won first prize at Shawvllle this year Service fee -one dollar.
P. 5.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work don# as usual.
Silas Young,
ALEX. BEAN
Portage Road
THE MARKETS.
Public Notice.
Starke’s
Corners.
Montreal Bye-Election
Roes made no Promise.
“ I have heard with a great deal of pleasure the repreientatl >ri you have made on behalf of prohobition. I appreciate the way in which you have put your
8HAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 68 to 00c. Oats per bushel, 40 to 45c. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75c. Buckwheat, 45c. per bush.
Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
Eggs, per dozen, 00 to I5c. Butter, per pound, 00 to 15c. Ducks, per lb. 6 to 7 cents. Chickens, per lb. 5 to 0 cents. Turkeys, per lb 8 to 9 cents. Pork per 100 lbs.. $0.75 to $7.00. Beef, per 100 lbs., $3.75 to $4.00. Wool, per pound, 14 to 16c. Pelts, each, 40 to 50c.
Hides, $5.50 to $5.75.
Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each.
OTTAWA.
Butter, print, 20c. per lb.
“ pails. 18 to 19c. per lb. Eggs, fresh, 25c. per aoz. Potatoes, 90c. per bag.
Lamb. 6 to 8c. per lb.
Mutton, 4 to6c. per lb.
Beef, 31 to 54c. per lb:
Pork, $6.50 to $.850 per 100. Chickens, 45 to 00c. a pair.
Oats, 45 to 47c. per bushel.
Hay, $0.00to $8.00 per ton. Wool, 13 to 14o. per lb.
Proviuoe of Quebec.
Municipality of Clarendon.
Public Notice is hereby given that a Public meeting of proprietors of real estate and resident house holders of the Munci-palitv of Clarendon, will be held in the
EEEHHE" * :	| BEHin:=E
it was rather too much to ask him to aind 1 roiae to Beilin the middle of next month delegates to chose Mr. Drouin as candi and to he invested with ihe Order of the date	| Black Esgle.
ROBERT C. HODCINS.
ALD BRUNIT AND MR. DROUIN ARK FIGHTING HARD AND THE FEELING IS RUNNING
HIGH.
Here it is! STT The Place
SASH and DOOR
FACTORY.
HUGH MATHESON,
Sec-Treasurer
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Prince to Visit Kaiser
In connection with iny former business I have just placed in position a 1 set of first class machines forth# manufacture of all kinds of
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Repairing
* ¦	*** ! For which I am now prepared to re
Neatly done at lowest ceive ordere and *u*rwit*e
prices.	work'
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
The Pope and Bible
ACTION OF PROFOUND INTEREST TO THE
CHRISTIAN WORLD.
Turkey Rebuked
Offer to Bell Panama Canal.
London, January 2.—The Tablet an I united states won’t stand any of its I Paris, Jan. 4.—The director» of the nouuces as a matter of the profound in-	nonsencx.	.	| Panama Canal Co., with President Bo In
terest to the whol* Christian world that	—	the chair, met at the company’s ctticeat 11
the Pope has appointed a special ponti-	Constantinople, January 2.—The arrest	|	o'clock	this morning, and after a brief
heal commission to consider all qu(étions	of two naturalists Americans at Tripolia,	1	session	came to	a definate decision tb
connected with Biblical studies. Catholic	Syria for refusal to pay the tax providing	!	offer to	sell the	canal property to the
scholars throughout the world will have	for exemption from military service, re	,	United	States	for $40,000,000. This
the fullest opportunity of stating their cently, lei to sharp representations on price includei the excava»ions, canal rail-views and difficulties, bringing them to the part of the United States minister to ] roads, machinery and ail other items] A year ago fire men stole $50,000 from the direct notice of the Holy See. Cerdi- Turkep, Mr. John G. A. Leiahman, to the ' specified in the Isthmian commission's | an aide ly lady in Mexico City, and were nal Segna, perfect of Vatican archives . Porte. The latter promptly ordered the 1 report. The company’s representative at] sentenced to prison. Now it transpires and Cardinal Vives Y Tuto are assessors, release of the men arrested and instructed Washington, M Bury, received a cable that the robbery was a plot to prevent There will a'so be eleven consultera the authorities not to molest American i message tfd «y instructing him to formally the money being left to a church. An-chosen from different countries.	citizens.	1 submit this offer t> the president. ‘ other trial will take placj.
Thanking my iruny customers for their liberal patronage* in the pa*t, I shall look forward to a future In e In business.
DALE BROS
•I
PS ShlTvUle- JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
1. o.—Highest price paid
for Calfskins and Pelts.	PROPRIETOR.
l


^4
7


/
###PAGE###5###
I
/
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY,
County Pontiac s Largest Ware-Rooms.
A. SMILEY, Pro
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
M+jn*.
Meets the"tth Wednesday of every month.
Court dues mast be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
U. 8. Barnett,F.S

A Weekly *enul derated to looal letereets.
U1SDAT
AT BHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUK.
8UD8CNINTI0N—$ 1.00 A ft AH IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages are paid, unless by special ewifigeroent With tue publisher,
s

Great January
Clearing Sale
uw
18
>Ü1LÎ
w'ëm
w

/. A* COWAN, B 8
John Brcrett, C. B
o
WINTER WANTS :
ADVKBTIblNQ BATBfl 1
wegal advertising, eight rents per line for Insertion and four cents per line tor each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at 14.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per Hue for first Insertion and three cents for sttosequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer Periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-shed free of charge. Obituary poetry tore# cents per line.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
tiret
Before placing your orders for winter sup-os be sure and have a look over our new aad complete stock of
i
1
Cutting. Slashing and Banging
among Prices. Up-to-date Goods cut right in two.
The spot for-
A FASHIONABLE JÎAIR Cl7T,
Good Shampoo, ob A Clean Shave.
Cutters
Your Turn next.
1
I
Robes Blankets
Rugs,
Bells Whips, &e.
CEO. HYNES,

JOB PRINTING
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly g i tended to,
Having decided to reduce our Winter Stock we will offer big reductions in such lines as
Clothing, Boots and Shoes,
Mitts, NJoccasins and Rubbers,
Ladies' Jackets in sizes from 34 to 42. Men’s Underwear.
y
JOHN A. COWAN
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAW VILLE. - - QUE.
Publisher
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
1
; "
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B.<V, M.D.,C.M.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes
IN UNDERTAKING
Graduate op McGill University,*
Office—Residence of the late Dr. II. H Knox, Shawville.
Office hours—Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoon*.
BEST GOODS.
LOWEST PRICES.
I also keep a complete stock of Fane ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
A. SMILEY.
0. B. ALEXANDER, X. D„ C. H
Our Fur Sales for the Season have eclipsed
anything heretofore, but we find a few odd
lines left. Who will be first to receive a genuine bargain ?
t
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto; Graduate of Victoria University. Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Ofncs amd IUsidewc* : J. H Aim8trono*s House,
8UAWVILLI.
CHOICE STOCK Of
Christmas and Holiday Goods
A
1
District and Country.
MAIN 8TRKET
/v

John Millions, cf Ramsay, was found dead in his bed last week.
LEGAL.
JANUARY SALE OF BLANKETS,
(SOFT, FLEECY ONES.)
BOURBEMB1INVILLE, L.L.L,	ILL'S
Hagarty.
À fire-year-old son of John Sutherland, Almonte, died from swallowing a plum etc ne.
A Urge graphite refiru ry is being erect cd at the Black Donald mine Brougham townahip.
Purus Bros., oe Sudbury has purchae ed the Hudson Bay property on Larch s reel of that town.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
This Sale should interest You.
WM. GAMBLE,
J.F. CRON AU’S, LADYSMITH.
No risk in buying here. All Goods marked iq Plain Figures.
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Hoorn 30, Trust Building. No. 4ti Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Shawvtlls, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
%fflce-over G. F. Hodglne* Store, Main St.
Books, Toys, Jewellery,
Candies and Confectionery,
Fresh Groceries, Dried Fruits,
Raisins, Currants, Spices, Essences.
See our Stock before making your Xmas purchases. You will find the goods up-to date and prices right.
J. P. GR0NÀU "
G.F.HODGINS
Rev. Mr IIay has been elected hon-
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
A 14 year-old b>y wta picked upon Kemptville'e streets a few night* ago in a helpless state of i n to* i oat ion.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, JtC
OF THK PllOVntC* OF QUEBEC,
Trust Building—
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa
Phone No. 1324.	I H is rumoured that Mr. 8. McDju
Utondn ‘courts of Ottawa and Pontiac haa been appointed police magi. ------	irate tor the town of Renfrew withou
salary.
At Barrie on Thursday Judge Ardagh sentenced Frank Pugh, of Ardrea, to one
month# in the Central
District».
sSsSsS® Ssa-œ
he had been in lore
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L.
i
te
ADVOCATE, dtc.,
LAW CHAMBERS } gui£.^quR
-----	Chari e O'Connor and Oscar Fuubert.	.
iff “SS
dlate remittances. Special attention to aru,ietm mUt	The aura ia part of the residue of the es
correspondents.	| Car'oton P ace's finanç ai statement u^e which is now available for public be
wi 1 show a lu-p’us of cash on band of quests.
*1)77,84, after paying all matured claims	' j6g™àj
at the end of the year.
LADYSMITH.
cou.er
Turonto, Jin. 3 —Rir. Dr. Poli, tbii
check for 1100,000
8U6BERS
0SBPH RODGERS’
J


i
«nan
W. W. IRELAND,
f
The department of agricu'ture haa receive! for examioation and report a Chailes H. Genelingsr, of the Hotel I metallic chets» box which it ia claimed,
.'o-mlMloner	snd	Conveyancer. Deed.,	| Cecil, Ottsw., h.iamde in aiiignment to	powuu	g re. I advantage.	over the wood-
Mortgages, etc., executed	legally	and satis-	to his creditors, among whom	is	Mayor	j on box in	general use. It	is	construe	ed
‘actorliy.	Davidson, for rent.	0f galv>n zed iron, with p?rfc rations for
SHAWVILLE	QUE. | R„ Wm Fee, Pre.byteriao mini.fer ventilation and co.t« twice a.^ much ».
HBKrsF	sr
J	thorough	practical tea .
X
p»/ys t
ortTw77
•UL
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court

Genuine Pocket Knives
XT

your foot but you cannot stub the O&St Stool to tb6 bftCkCOIie, 3% inch h&ndlG. PriC0
25 cents ; postage 5 cents.
rubber
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
NOTARY PV8LI NOTARY FOR THE
RELIANCE LOaN^ AND^HAVINOa	, Mf c p Bliss, C. P. R. .hop, time
“0NBNT^N?	raTted^to th»,rp»«ition'«*a.»l*UntB»tore- (January 12 la St. James' Day
Will be in ShawvLile on Tuesday and Sat-1 keeper for the company at Perth jgday of every
will outwear two pairs of common rubbers.
Write for Catalogue of other sizes.
McDOUGALL & CÏÏZNER,
is imitated by every j HâTClWâPÔ MOPCll&lltS, •	-	- SUSSOX St. OttâWâ.
rubber manufacturer, but your
, , ,	. | Sunday. January 12, hai tem appointed
“HëHSS1M'%IIsË|É?ÆStl
your dealer can order them for ycu.
Th« J. D. KING CO., Ltd.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT^ ARE HALF SOLD Î
To buy well, watch the latest prices and Information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Oroear and Storekeeper The Hardware end Metal Merchant The Dry Deeds Review The Bookseller aed Stationer.
m	Samples free
MacLEAN PUB. CO.. Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
HOTKLflU
St. Lawrence Hall,
It is reported that the Manitoba go?-
I *«• of U" 8‘oct « otttw.
_	ting the liquor traffic as a substitute
Good Accommodation. Table and Bur al- ^ fche prtaent prohibition law yet unways well famished.	««foread
First-class Livret Attached.	| 9er°roea.
-»
who raise oranges
Mrs C M. McLean,
Sold by All Newsdealers
Given Two Months
The Ottawa Journal aayi.-—Aa HR* | Have exclusive control of all Dortant sale of live stock, similar to the
one held in Ottawa last spring, will take--------------------------------------= Joseph Seguin, of Ottawa, waa sentenced
Thos. Raid of Huntley, 16 yean old, ia piMe here again this winter.	ceivei up to the 15th January. They by the prime magistrate to two montha
dead aa the leault of a eh< o ing accident on	It will be held on the 12th February,	ehould be sent to Mr.	H. B.	Cowan,	the	in jail at hard labor, aud $20 fine or one
Christmas Day. The boy went out with	â„d mill be larger and more important	local secretary.	Journal office,	Oitiwa, or	month additional for frequenting a house
* a man named Mitchell to shoot partridge than the one held last year.	to Mr. A. P. Weiterveît, Parliament of ill-fame at 460 Sussex §‘r«et . Thia
PRACTICAL and waa walking ahead while Mitchell The stock that will be sold will include ‘Building*, Toronto.	waa not Seguin’* first offence nod he was
V	ii iTruHAim?	carried the weapon. It exploded and	30 Shorthorns, 40 Ayrshire! and 10 head	______________ warned that if he appeared again the
(	«.lit	n.uiRLK	Raid waa shot in the leg. Mortification	of each of the other breeds of cattle, as	sentence would be the severest possible.
¦¦¦. and	set in and the boy died.	well as over 30 hog,.	Millions of Orangos Were—
hoapita! for app.ndk.iti,.	Four of tbs large cattle .had. at .ha
There is a newspaper m Kansas whose Central Canada Exhibition ground#,
___	motto is “Lie, steel, drink and swear,' which were used for the South African
CH 4 Winn F fl and ia thus explained by the editor Constabulary, are to be titled up tor the ulln n V ILLui r« ««when you lie, let it be down to pfeis- purpose of the sale and exhibit if poultry.
ant dreams; when steel, let it be away They will be connected by an alley way.
—----------------- from immoral associates; when you These annual Fuies promis* to b,c»nu
wmmz *WM~r.
Jackson.
Rubbkks
AJ.W. PEP
P
iar? o
?
j

BRI /
u

M i
ÎP a 9
Furnish»» Monthly to all lovers of bong and Music a vast volume of Mew, Choie» Copyright Composition» by the most p>p-nlar authors. 64 Page» of Flano Music, hall Vocal, half Instrumental—at Complete Pieces for Plano—Once a Month for ag Cents. Yearly Subscription, Re.00. I (yon will send us the name and address of Fite performers on the Piano or Organ you a copy of the Magazine Fret
J. W. PEPPER, Publisher.
Eighth A locust Sts., Philadelphia, Pa.
à
Girl Shot Her Dnnk Crazed
Father.
I


CALIFORNIA HARD HIT THIS YEAR.—PRICES
WILL OO l/P. II' ¦
'#%•

F *
,	----- S «mmerviile, Mas»., Dec. 2D.—In de-
Six thousand cars of Cslifui via oranges 1 fending her sister from the assault by representing about 2,000,000 b*. tea, were j her drink crazed father, b lorence Dob?on badly damaged by recent fruity accord- ! 22 yean of age, shot her father last night ing to reporta received by Mr G. W. ! and she is now under arrest, The man Hunt of the Ottawa Fruit Exchange, and : has a lirfous wound, but it a thought the result will bo that prices of tie beat he will recove. P. Dobson, the victim, oranges will go up all over tha United , it is sa d, had indulged in 1 quor yoater-Statei and Canada. Tha damage done dsy and had been abus ng hia family at by the frost was to the best stock. Mr. j iiPetvala during the whole day. At last Hunt say a frost did much damage t) the he attacked the wife ard the oldest 0ranges on the trees in Florida.	, daughter, when Florence procured a re
The damage done by the frost will I rolver and shot him. Min Dobson was raise the prices of the beat grades five or j arrested si soon ai the dotai s of the teu cents a desm, Mr. Hunt aaye he ' affair was known to the police
6 )
we will send
' **r f-m


(
Ac. *6
RKPAtRlNO—
A Speciality

Somebody writes to tell an exchange that when a kerosene lamp begins to hiss aud b’aze, goes up and down, it ia liable to explode. Blow it cut and trim It, wipe it clean; take a needle and remove the dirt in the passage. Light again and it will burn all right. Many lives and much property may be saved by fut ing the above rules.
ow
î

i







###PAGE###6###
THE ü
sHA«p( Kenwood's ....Crime
It mado mo feci fearfully giddy and I not pergonally witnessed what took 10 Hlation l f*Kan to swlin before my place I candidly confess I should uvoa. In a tew minutes 1 must hart have unhesitatingly condemned it dropped on the floor insensible.	the wildest fabrication.
HOBBIES OP BRITISH TOWNS
AS TO THE SIZE OF HEAVEN There Will* be Room Enough for
-	,	.On the afternoon in question Mis. «OME COLLECT STAMPS; SOME I	Some Tlme t0 Come'
Whon I came to I was sitting some- Murray accompanied her father to TAKE PHOTOGRAPHS,	Inking a verso from Revelation aa
whet v' and •omothing cold seemed to the work», and while he wae engaged	------ 1 he hasis of computation, some in-
mmM
was under my superintendence that Giecnwood was busy at the board, surprising.	z	• amps. He also loit a number of equal. Ho concludes that this ro- Soft on Park Liverrvmi . « i
ïïïr'iTïîÆ:»: ”«s L';r •„„«	^
sub-station at VVollingdale—ten miles °b’1 m ffoiu8 to electrocute you" invariably test for leakage and a‘ tartmg for bis Klft. says London prising statistician sets aside one- Lord Koseberv
ed the idea of attempting it met “Flit in bis bloodshot eyes 1 guessed I Die result was very satisfactory and M"nîLi 11 J* » tllcn liave ,he flnegl leave a remainder of 124 1V8 272 - thr	? ,beliu!<»on, who served
With much opposition, and the pro- tll° truth. He wua mad or iutoxl- 1 nignalk-d through to Wetllnlrdale I v , f Ilri,Vsh birda in the (.>00,000,000.000 cubic foet. Ho then	„	H’° Crimen with the
posed use of 10,000 volt, ou the then catod. or pcihapa both.	that it wm eo. Ml,, Murray who ! ,, ?dom I'-'ory specimen woe I procéda to divide Uiia by 4,000 the I h,?,,ü	Guards, died at Altkh
Bew three-phase system wa, consider- 1 looked at the clock. It was ten j had watched the test, expressed a I obtained by one collector, who also number of cubical feet in a room' six- uf, ,. .
hd little short of madness.	minute, to five, and the current was wi«h to make on, herself, and with- , 110 caa0? to Mprwent the nn- teen feet square, and this process L,ui.i ™ Dawson descrlb* the
lpor one thing a current of this due C,vc 8jllRJl'l A cold perspira-	out demur I re-arranged the nppaia	! UlvVMBi“r„rlou,ndinB8	bird,-f	Ifi'vo» him 130,831,843,760,000,000 ! hrim-lniTT.0,! lrU,at aa a echet-1 of
enormous pressure was extremely Uo,11 bro,x0 nl1 OVor mo, but 1 tried	I tus for her to do so.	|. 1 i ttinglmm is not desirous of	pos-	rooms of tho size indicated. Hu then I ,..,uu ,	nnd I,r°bt» conscience and
deadly, and tho faintest shock would t0#	it olT.	j Miss Murray made a test but failed	^ [ection of stulled sped- proceeds upon the hypothesis that » ’ i<*,,or nild ,ucre*
certainly prove fatal. For electrical .	11 9 a	i°k«* obi chap." I to obtain the results I had done. As !	, to have an unequal- tho world now contains, always has » i, Loudon and Southwestern
reasons, which would only boro you, began, unsteadily, " and 1 feel quite , a matter of fact she showed a dscid- + collection of living birds. 1 h« I contained, and always will contain1. 1 Way cnrrl°® each day 00,0*9 peo-this pressure was the best to use, <load already. But you might undo ud "earth." I was much surprised î£wn b^nv'dcd a lino aviary in 990,000,000 inhabitants, and that a r> 0 n. uud out of London, "and not
nnd, course, at Wliugdalo we had me now ^ w° must ---------------"	j and rapidly repeated her testing. hc L.mid3t of its arboretum in the j generation lasts for thirty-three and on° of tbcm bos to stand up."
machinery which not only reduced the “Oh, it’s no Joke," ho snarled ns ; with a similar result. At this point V ;	, !ts c,tl^n®rnay obtain a one third years, which gives a total A London writer calls Ivoril Rn«w-
pressuie to a harmless amount, but he came to my side— "at least not	1 am sure, no thought had entered	K ? , /n°" i f »	181 ,	1 ,	number of inhabitants ov- berX tho	' King of Scotland "
at the same time proportionately in- f°r you. Listen," ho continued,	Miss Murray’s head or, for that mat- y	ule<1 a	9enes of colored	ery century of 2,207,000,- country	adores him- tho servir*»
creasad the quantity of cucrent.	and I’ll toll you why you are going ter. my own that anything was |° ihc*°} P0*8' ll2d .alsJL. an 000. Ho assumes that the world will trust him; every political party and
On completion of the work I bo-1 to die. No. I’m not mad or drunk, amiss. At this moment she laid her ‘ ,!1	\birU Uoi>fbtod- 1,1086 stand 1,000 centuries or 100,000 group in tho nation at his foet/
cams one oi the electricians in	I love Hilda Murray. 1 worship hcr I bond on one of the terminals of the	T, Q/u hu“* up clos® by [ 10	years, which would give a total of	The	foundation ntnnn. t
charge at the Well mg dale station in	worship the ground she walks on. ! testing set, which was connected with	,U ,8 P?SSlbl° \° WQtch he	2,970,000,000,000 inhabitants for	town	hall and J nw iw. ?
mmmmmmim
tax	%?, K zrs rtsr&Arz-: kt	'Jlt “•
early stages there wore many, seem- do you hear? Sho wants tho love of which 1 could "flush" a low-pressure 118 run,1,ne	They have probably always felt that vv’hL?", 11° WU! Wben hd liard1^
od to disappear beneath his pracUcal	a man, a strong man. a conqueror.	(100-vult) current down tho main in	A	MUNICIPAL SAW-MILL.	there would be ample room for those	f™,, Vh° DOit dilmcr Was to
Ideas and even now wo are using a	one who sweeps aside all that comes	the hope that it would "burn-out” It	was	not satisfied with the wooden	who would be able to get there. If	A
wonderfully	clover	Invention	ol his	m his way. Sho want# a master, j any small leakage. I did this, I	paving blocks supplied, so it doter-	a lack of room wore possible. In the	A married woman who was cuder-
for meeting	sudden	demands	for cur-	not	a puppy, a sneaking cur like, suppose, close upon five o'clock. For-	mined to equip a proper plant and	divine1 order of things, it would pro-	, .by tho	Peterborough magist/atoe
renlj	1 y.ou- . c ur‘se you, why did you ever innately, at the moment, tho wires do its own sawing. The planks of bably bo at the other place, Judging !° > , "Opined for three years in an
s vp	,n PY wa,y- Bu* you are going, made contact Miss Murray, by some	wood are cut into blocks, which	from the pronouncements that are	" 03	home’ Pleaded that she
and } wd win her! Win her! strange impulse, reached her hand	yield every satisfaction. Battersea	made from time to time. Room lias	!tou d lu,t	an habitual drunkard,
lino	these	terri bio	words	of »	out and touched	tho terminals of one	also seasons and	cuts its own pav-	never been a matter of serious con-	!lS , unn# ^ho last seven years sho
my	of mains—os	they were "dead”	ing blocks.	sidération with men who have paused	lad ®n,y bvc° out ot M for eighteen
To ! ‘ind disconnecto\l were opened for Blackpool has never done produc- long enough in the whirl of events mont“3-
testing.	inff novel advertisement schemes. As to meditate on tho blessings which L°?e ot tho municipal candidates at
7he rcfccl^ed a	fan-l.v severe shock,	an advertiser, it	is generally admit-	ore to follow a life of righteousness.	^toko"on*Trent pressetl lime-light
wil.nq ,inro	ho	Wduid connevt	thu	b^JnStfad °ff	SnaJCh!ng thc^ hnnd	tcd that no other	town approaches	Tho main question and tho ono |n	into service. Being an amateur photo-
«se***™
her pretty face won every heart, and "ntrh thc minutes. There are but me I know it now. Ho loves me, form setts for street-paving It has mtoxication in all grades of society	' 'ia® been awarded the Royal
I believe that anyone at Kiverhc&d, 8®ven	u 8 fhc waiting in the Hl,da Murray. Ho loves mo!"	made much money out of this quar- t!mn foimerly, that it is recognized ,^“lanü SAoci?}> 3, certificate for
from tho stokers to the chiefs, would ™lr l.hu> 18	1811 t it? But 1 cannot describe tho queer feeling rv# but recent!v a huge mass of stone thttt Ul° mun who brinks to excess is I b ®ry*	^.OW8ley‘ noar Chats-
have willingly laid down their lives :hc cnd 19 sudden and paimess. you 11,056 words gave me. Miss Murray threatened disaster to tho undertak- at a d'sadvantago in business aad in °.rth* Derbyshire, the plucky boy.
If by so doing they could render her u.ow' l01, you 8uid 50 yourself." swooned away and I called for os- ingi A great fissure six feet wide an- hls 80ciai relations; and that men	to, tho rescue of two little
for a moment happier.	, 1,1 naotheri mmuto tho "test" would sistance. I then repeated my tests, poured and a mass of stone 00 feet generally use moro discretion in If"'1*’ a6°d three and four, saved both
Of course, in clue tlmo Greenwood 00 ™ado and ü,y only chance gone. 7uch were still so unsatisfactory Ionff> Al feet wide and 90 feet deep (linking, so that while moro drink	drowning. He had previously
was invited to tho "Laurels," and WeU» conuoct UP»" 1	Uiat I delayed connecting thc main separated itself from tho main body may bo consumed than formerly, the 8aved a Uoy- The Marchioness ol
another victim was added to the “Oh, I'm not going to connect up current. I telegraphed through to tho To dislodge 7 500 tons of solid rock ^dividual average of consumption is |!,la, y P1 rented the certificate to charm of her sparkling eyes. At first *	\b0 test’ is made. I’m not a su^station, but could obtain no ro- fg	"	far less.	the hero.
he seemed in high favor, but latter- fooV* be cried. "You thought they ply* 1 1,lcn telephoned to tho Wei- A vast UNDFRTAivTVn	At the same time there have been Mr. Smallpicco. who has just
ly, I think, Hilda—I mean Miss Mur- would notice something wrong at lmgdalo Arms to send someone to in-	‘	1	' various assertions that thc habit of dled* was the oldest legal practi-
ray—detected that all was not right	Riverhead,eh?"	qinro at the sub-station.	Blasting operations for days failed to	drinking has been Increasing among	tioncr	in	Surrey and	tho owner of
and tho	invitations become less	fro-	With a groan I gave up nil	hope,	1 ,iey returned presently with thc	hrn'^ uoun lll° rock although shots	women. It seems to bo true that	|interesting	Victorian	memorial. He
quent. I continued to call on every nnd* a5 a drowning man dutches at statement that no electricians were a,ter shots v‘orc hrc(1- ^ 1 ro ropes moro women do indulge in alcoholic Wus the lord of the manor of Putteh-possible or impossible pretext, and at a «traw, my eyes were glued on an .ut the ®ub-station, but an old man Wor|0 attached to the mass, and were beverages than formerly; but the cur- bam, a vilingo half times I thought II il—Miss Murray— indicating dial with which Riverhend ia<1 bcen found tied in a chair with paIIeU by ft vrano» Wlth the result fous evidence comes from Europe Guildford and Farnham, where Queen ucenied to like my company, and a could signal to us. This, too, was v;ircs 011 bis hands and head. They that tho crane was uprooted under f this autumn to indicate that this in- I Victoria reviewed the troops when nuid hope sprang up in me that per- ollv (>f Greenwood’s inventions. To thought he was dead.	the strain. A paltry thousand tons j crease is not accompanied by a ten-
ha ps sho	would some day return	my	the minute the pointer turned and in-	* ordered a fast trap, and Just ns	(>r su °' sto?° wero got down by hor-	denCy excess.	*
love.	dicated that the test had been	made	T	WQS lenvinff a further message came	ean oxcrtions. At last a giant	This evidence is in the form of
But to return to mv story. For ^ the Jino Wa8 good.	through this time from the sub-sta- bblsb J;ppled tho 8CVen thousand complaints from tho proprietors of
Rome weeks past Greenwood had ^svluI, invention that of mine, tl?n- The old man had now recover-	with a tr^nendous crash to thoj^ine yards in parts of France
seemed as though he was giving way eb‘ snid Greenwood, as he proceed-10( *. proved to be Lang, whose , f .	^ lU >» arid Halifax i anj Switzerland. They say that the
axsssKwfsjfs £2s.m my h“' S.S	HSra *»¦«"-“ï-s
iiS9H
criminal in New York.	ou 1 ,taIk ahoP during your last ']ust as I arrived the most awful pound of onions and tho normal !drink at their mcaIs# <uid ut other With half a dozen laborers the pro-
el ecd rocked? ’’ °G rien wood said.^onc ZZ'yôrb/toBing'you where ^ood rushed" toto theT/ilding foam- "d amoTtho^poor oli Urn? cRy^Six	aS rctfards fmcr «,ftdcs of	"dfrecUontf 'the'%cW^
~v «* - - - - a&ar&s rare	s zerzs sjr.trs ......................- - -
r''1^!h!Cab!iCtSSthink of the waiting in M* *h°Ie	backdcad' In M* f”u ho became én- ten ^Livcmoo! '‘l J°j°us U fiocT /n "t aki ,°g	Fort lo’ng time'Tho 'fashion- of Tho" wh Jow,‘ foUowT'd by" tho r°eT
ra	« y—wiariajae -a*--“• - - -•	-
—c-.	Æ	*ssrs j: sr10	c°"
SHtH
would leap into eternity—if there is Jhrce minutes! I said ono brief e.1 'b.ho.lJld lik® lL bo clearly under- jfJ belonging to tho Mea/ Market There has been a growing agitation The wisest parson may sometimes any c term tv."	prayer, a forgotten memory learned	od that had	not Miss Murray	wc^0 put Rt the disposal of this char-	in favor of temperance in France in make a serious mistake by judging
"It to too horrible to think of," I	|at m.v mother’s knee, and then my	‘sbî‘,(1 l® ca^	out hfr test Green-	the "hot-pots” being prepared	rccent ycar®î but thc change in atti- entirely from api^a.anccs.
answered, with a slight shudder. thoughts drifted to Hilda.	^ n tenipt Would bav° certainly tjie'rc	F P P tude toward wine drinking does not A cureless young woman, in start-
"i)o you think if the whole of the j wo minutes! MoxAehow she seem- ,	successful.	|	seem to have been produced by this ing * to leave a car, dropped her
Rivcrhead current passed through a od na,te close to mo, and I felt that . ..° . by VrlldaTT M!!rlray~ * am HER FEARLESS GENERAL movement eo much ns by an evolu- purse. A young man, who evidently man ills flesh would burn?” he asked, 1 could tcl1 her that I was in dan- 2 ,ai(\ tbab	Hamilton and Afr.	*	lion in the opinion of society in gen- intended to leave the car ml the same
presently.	gor. 1 even thought I felt the cur-	have told my story so com- y ben lueon Wilhclmina was quite a eraj on the question. People scorn tlmo, saw her drop tho purse, picked
"For goodness' sake, old fellow, rent beginning	to tingle.	p clv	y tbat ij\cr0 15 1,ttlc loft for	, c. ll d'	ber Majesty was not al- Isjmpiy to have accepted tho opinion	it up and put it into his pocket.
lot’s talk of something moro lively. 0,10 minute!	Although nil hope	,,nTor.	1110 f°. a( d . . r .	.	/ l,c,cl!that, while a little indulgence in this	But his action hud not been unno-
You will upset my nerves," I said, as WftS now Rone	fear of death seemed	, 1 ,	.n?.t kndfs what made me want	members of	the Uo\ al household, but respect may bo desirable, much Is	ticed. Just as he stopped froyi the
I pictured to myself tho resistless	to lottvc me. Again came that foel*	to p<t 1bo w1,rcs ®n Bint day. L	wns permitted to make her appear-	harmful and unwise. car an elderly man gripped him by
volume which would come rushing	inK of Hilda’s nearness çnd that she	' i,s. aa «mpulaa.	I suppose I must	ancc at dessert and place herself be- j	So that, on thc whole, it may be the arm and whispered, "If you
down our main presently.	knew that I was soon to die.	i!Ton PSS ,hnt \ bad lovod Dick Lang ®ldo some particular favorite. Ono concluded that while there may bo a don't give that purse to tho young
ssF*6iü* wteaww
è- -j
Iff ME8RI DID Ï86LA8D
as
NEWS BT MAH? ABOUT SWWK BULL AND HIS PEOPLB.
#
i
*? *
The
i sue-knew
come
Despite our dally intercourse I never became quite friendly with him.
IIo was somewhat morose In hie
charaetcr and very taciturn. Though maniac were ringing in my at tiioee he broke forth into brilliant brain was thinking of r explanations of différent things, yet 8Crealn for help was useless, for bis moods varied so quickly that it ''oro a mlle from tke nearest house was difficult to know how to take An, 1 knew.	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
him. Eventually 1 began to suspect that ha drank or was in tho habit of taking some drug. But I never had tho slightest caubo for complaint, for even in his worst moments he was far more adopt than myself iu some of tho intricate switching over which from tirao to time had to bo carried put.
cars
escape
we

Our managing director, Mr. Murray, has always made a point of treating his staff ns friends, and we were often invited to his house at Riverhead
a
to rest
no
way bet. we
Vf
they returned from tho Crimean. A largo stone was placed on the spot where tho Queen stood, but as the years rolled by the stone wore away, and in order to preserve the memorial Mr. Smallpioce recently had it railed in and a flags tall erected by tho side.

head-quarters
house and
His pursuers ran up, and
Now seated the intrusion. The fox did net
THE AMATEUR DETECTIVE



HI




9 9
Evivy dollar judiciously invested in advertising is a suro step on tho road to prosperity.
It is a strange fact that those
After he had
Statement by John


[
/
Zv
#



i vL
J
W «


t



it

###PAGE###7###
#
/
1
: for ™ home |
Oil and grease spots can be taken out by painting with a (cream) batter ol French chalk put on thickly and loft over night. Brush off in the morning, end if the spot has not wholly disappeared, put on more chulk, lay a piece of brown paper over it, apply a hot iron, and the spot will go.
A while ago wo heard a great deal about the hygienic values of the hgrd-wood Hour, nnd also about the labor and expense it was to save the house keeper in the matter of sweeping and < iu
are
to the opinion that the eulogistic articles wt^re written by those interested in manufacturing the flooring. As a matter of fact the keeping of a hardwood floor in order Is one of the trials of housekeeping. It takes time and a good deal of hard labor to dy It. And many a woman who make life miserable for her husband until he consented to lay hardwood floors would now be glad enough to covo^ them with carpets—if she dared say
take it over the rough roads at the rato of eighty tons per month.
PUT TO MANY USES.
WLDABLS HJSW f BOD OCT.
PROHIBITION LAW.
AN HOUR WITH UNCLE S
Summary of the Provisions of the Manitoba Measure.
So much interest attaches to tho question as to whether tho Government of Manitoba intend to enforce tho prohibitory law just deflated constitutional by the Judicial Committee of tho Privy Council that a summary of the Manitoba Liquor Act will bo valuable
NOVEL INDUSTRY ESTABLISHED IN NOVA SCOTIA.
The fossil flour Is used for various purposes, as in making rubber compounds, In producing ultramarine dye», ns covering for steam pipes, boilers, etc., to provent heat radiation; it is made into silver polish of the finest quality; also polish for tinware and tho baser metals. New uses are being discovered continually for this remarkable flour, and it Is rapidly superseding whiting and zinc. Ordinary elastic bands contain a filler of somo kind or other. This filler Is added for several reasons—to dry out tho sticky quality of tho gum from which tho rubber is made, to toughen tho stock, to increase its elasticity, to strengthen and increase the bulk. Whiting and zinc have usually been compounded with the caoutchouc gum for these and other reasons. Fossil flour used instead produces stronger and tougher stock, reduces tlie cost, and permits num-
NOTES OF INTEREST ABO THE BUSY YANKEE.
;
e
!
Recipes for the Kitchen. # Hygiene and Other Nous • for the housekeeper. •
MANNiatS AND MORALS.
Many elderly men and women cause some tiling akin to torture to their children by thoir manner a or lack of them. A mother noticed that her five-year-old sou was eating with hie knife. '‘You must not do that/' she suffi» horrified; “no one eata with
WKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊtÊÊÊ
H Brand pa does every time lie cats" was the triumphant reply.
The grandfather is one of tho people who might Do called “tho salt 'the earth,” but ho causes the daughter with whom he lives much real suffering. If she ventures to suggest the use of a fork instead of a knife, or to recommend that tea be token from a cup instead of u saucer he says “1 have always paid my bills and done my duty toward Ood and my neighbor, and 1 ain’t going to worry myself about the way 1 eat my vittlcs.”
“If I could only make father see that it is a question of morale as well as of manners/’ said the daughter, with tears in her eyes, “he would no more think of drinking his tea from a saucer than he would of taking his neighbor’s purse.”
Wo twirl our tlambs, make rasping noises with throat and nose, rock and scrape our feet along the floor, assume uncouth positions, contort our faces, grow careless in our dress, never thinking and never caring how it may affect those about us, selfishly intent upon our (own pleasure, though It may be at the same moment planning the pleasure of some other, yet robbing him of his birthright—harmonious surroundinglglj^gpgSpg ourselves because wu are quite alone except for tho family, or that we are growing old—excuses lit only for the sloven. They mean a loss of self-respect.
?
"1
Fossil Flour Is Used in Making Rubber Compounds, Producing Dyes, 6cc.
Tliiriven hundred and forty feet above the level of Coboquid Day, Nova Scotia, resting almost on the mountain top, lies iiass River Luke, tho source of tho far-famed Lass River. Within Hio memory of man this lake, except for a short period, held water of a peculiar kind depths the speckled trout sported, end here also many other denizens of the forest-fringed and shadow-darkened basins lived and multiplied. And herein was formed tho material whence has sprung one of the most unique industries in the world.
Twenty years ago, through some unscon rift, the waters were lost, and
Some Matters of a Personal a Political Nature of Much
Interest,
The New York banks keep $•^00,000,000 loaned out.

nearly!
Stringent a prohibitory measure us During /he month of October thdj possible; It prohibits tho retail traf- debt of the United States decreased^ lie altogether. Tho Act is a long $9,1563,407. one, numbering no fewer that 131 i New York and Pennsylvania pay! sections. It provides:	men,b u s of tho Legislature $1,500 i*
No person shall keep liquor for sale [year. Maine pays them $150 a year.
without having brst obtained a i Arrests for drunkenness in 129 cit* druggist , wholesale license or a L 0, tho Unlted states are said ta
druggist s retail license	aggregate 31.8,000 during the last
Liquor can bo kept only in private CJJ ye&r
scientific purposes. Clergymen can one-twentieth of the population buy wine for sacramental purposes, wbole country but must not havo more than two I In 1900 five cities had more than1 gallons at a time.	1102,000 population and less lb tu»
tire wore licensed by tho Dominion 103,000—St. Joseph, Omaha, Lofl^ Government are free to store liquor Angeles, Memphis and Scranton.
for export in warehouses.	Philadelphia is 200 years old. On
The consumption of liquor on any |October 25th,	1701, William Pern*
gave that city its charter. Tlic an-Tho keeping of liquor in club or | niversary passed without notice, association rooms is against the Act
This act is as
Now that the hardwood one is rather forced
in its
'“I
I 9

for mouths the lake remained a bog. berless departures in the manufacture A curiously oozy liquid covered the of rubber goods. Itieÿcle and car-ribe of its rocky bed. On this liquid riuge tires, valves, parking, anything and everything out of which and into which rubber is made, can be produced with lessened cost and Increased advantage to manufacturer and consumer alike strength, liveliness and usefulness, it does not deteriorate the stock, but gives it uniformity and solidity.
so
The last of a small purchase of cheese is very apt to dry up and bo wasted. Grate it as soon as it begins to dry, and keep it in a fruit con or something else that shuts tight. It is ready for cheese straws, macaroni and cheese, or any other use desired.
Never cover a dish in which you intend to serve baked potatoes makes them soggy.
thf sun's rays bad no perceptible effect. The bog never < ' '' d||||||||||||||||||||||l|||| limlnctl ns moist at tho end of the summer on when tho waters first slipped into the crevasses of the mu until in side. But when winter cumc and bound tho reaches tho lake again filled up, remaining thus until the hand of man tunnelled and ditched n channel whereby to drain its contents
It ro-
ll censed premises is forbidden
Doth in
.	,	, ,	..	,,	. Miss Mary B. Livingstone, of Min-
A physician may prescribe liquor nenpo)js a niece of the African exor a patient, but must give a writ- p,djcd during an operation foil ten order (lierefor upon a druggist. tho rcmovaJ of a bono from
1" or purposes of prescription a doc- | t|iroat tor may keep two quarts of liquor in his house.
Dentists are allowed to have only one pfTTt of liquor in their possession.
A veterinary surgeon is permitted to have a gallon of liquor on hand, but no iKirson shall drink or con- I Lee Choup, one of tho wealthiest sumo any of this liquor.	Chinese merchants in New York, ha#j
A record of every sale made by a ! wound up his business and is about druggist, is to be kept and full par- j to return to Canton with a fortune' liculars are to be written.	of *150,000.	)
A wholesale druggist can sell only The American Missionary Association gallons at a time for mechanical tiou has 700 missionaries scattered or scientific purposes, and only five through its widely varied fields. The gallons of liquor to a doctor or re-1 association closed the last yc tail druggist
A druggist must keep his liquor | treasury prescription book for it year, and it. i	last surviving veteran of
must be open for public inspection. j \var of 1812 is Hiram Crouk, off
A copy of his record, giving full | Northwestern, Oncicfa county, NeW| particulars of each sale of hquor | yQrk %lc ia 10i years old must be returned on March 1, and alin^ married Abram Dcpew, grand* September 1, to the chict inspector. father of Senator Chauncey Depew.
Every applicant for a dnig-llccnxe TLe shipbuilding Industry, cxclu-mmit bo recommended by the chief g, f tho Uniled Statcs Navy yards
s™ »i s». rrj,:5b;r:sr:a sss
worth $-00.	. . |of $76,690,651 in 1900. This is an
;«rT.TiZ.
liquor storehouse may lodge a com- iho J;olal .h lMI:	° .lil^ jn| ‘ ^
plaint against the license-holder, and ^Ucs Army is 84,old, of which if the complaint is established before 8,4 are in the Lnitcd States, a county judge, the license will bo , —^ ln * hilippines, 4,914 in Cuba/ cancelled.	land the remainder in small detach-
The presence of beer pumps or such I mcnts in Porto Rico, Hawaii, China
and Alaska.
It
lieCj
SOME BOERS AT PEACE
The newest labor organization inf Chicago is tho Pallbearers’ Uniog formed by about sixty men who ga* ther a livelihood in tho service off undertakers.	I
TEAC11 THE GIRLS.
Where there are two or three girls in the family, it is an excellent plan to allow each one, in turn, to assume the responsibility of housekeeping for a certain time girls to be made to take a measure of responsibility concerning household tasks, fur otherwise, it does them a world of good, and lifts much of tho burden from an overworked mother’s shoulders. Let lhem. in succession, have a week at a time, charge of the chamber work, the mending, the cooking, the buying, even, for the family; all, of course, under proper supervision, and their faculties of reason, perception, judgment, discrimination, and continuity will be more developed In one month of such training than in six months of common schooling.
TIIH MUCK PROVES VALUABLE
Five Thousand Prospering Far From British Territory.
During tho dry time of twenty
years ago various examinations of	H I
tho substance lying on tho bottom Ih‘ !,U? th° terrible troubles that of tho lako were mado by persons	befallen the Boers of South Ai-
It docs not burl | drawn - thither by tho phenomena. r'1!a whuost nothing lias been said 01
Some of tho slime was carried and tlioii* brethren who had tho happy distributed over the fields for fertil- 'Ortnnc (° leave the Transvaal long izing purposes. In this respect it il^>° an<* ni/ike new homes in Portu-WüH found to be ofTective. Under- fiucî 0 territory. ’1 buy are thriving ncath this slime was mud. dark in [here, as comfortable a people as can color and much like softened putty. 1‘t)unrl anywhere. They are un-Beneath this lay a deposit of brown, doubledly very glad that a quarter technically known as trysolite; then 01 a century ngo they left the region came four to eight ot. diatoms, white w'ur'i has lately been the scene of so as Chalk; below that again the same	bloodshed,
black mud was met with under the ** JS u curious fact* that the Boers slime; then came the red rock or oth- n,‘V I attempted to explore the courier common strata, which formed tho u u ili of tho 'I ransvaul, which is j)asju	*	now known as Southern Rhodesia.
Various samples of the curious ^ they had trekked in that direction while deposit were removed from the *s T^te certain that Uv'.v would lako and sent for analysis to differ- ha\e Uc«-n driven out by the British cut porta, but the earliest attempt ,or tab/lu land and Mnshona land co make use of the silicious deposit ”axc a gold-bearing area about •>,-
, SiMESSiiiiSi
1mam ######:###
til mixed.	It doc» not cover n half-inch square I»rented furtlie. effort.	with them 3,000 sheep and goats:
Hickory Nut Candy-Two cups su- and is In many respects one of the	LIKE A FLOUR MILL.	anU so „ began st0ck-raislng in
gar and i cup water; boll until inost remarkable art products of tho In 1808 another company erected a Portuguese territory. A considerable
thick;	flavor	with	extract	of	lemon; l,y*	__ plant similar in most respects to an number of their friends joined them
stir in	1	cup	hickory nut	meats,	and	ordinary flour mill. Steam boilers Inter in this lofty and beautiful counturn into a largo flat dish. When	'	' tl ‘	' '	and an engine for operating the ma- try. They aro still living among tho
cold cut in squares.	Tho most commonly accepted rea- j chinery were added, also huge evap- mountains about eighty miles cast of
Sugar Candy—Three cups sugar, 1	SOIl fur advertising fs tliu desire of orating furnaces. Contracts were let j	MossameUee. Europeans who have
cup water, 2 tablespoons vinegar and	the merchant to sell goons. The for thousands of cords of wood; and	visited them have spoken words of
1 tablespoon butter. Boil a lew	btist wnv io accomplish sales is what a pole railway upon which ran an	high praise of their little settle-
minutes; test by dropping in water;	js most interesting to each individ- engine and cars was constructed from	meats, of tho comfort that fills tho
If done it will be brittle^ Pour on ual merchant. Tho most successful the lake building to the water’s edge ; small Dutch cottages and of the	' klnff wot “navi*
greased plates; when cold pull.	go after business in a manner which ut tho buy, a distance of nearly , cleanliness and piety of the people ' . “and it will drv more or
Chocolate Creams—Two cups white 6il0W8 they believe they ore entitled twelve miles.	j who maintain a few schools al- ,	t , ,
sugar and i'cup water^ Oook rapid- to it ltD(i keep going after it until. Meantime trenches were being cut though the Bible is almost the only s	' ig ^akcn jn Ringing it
ly for 20 minutes. Turn out on a they have accomplished their pur- near the outlet of the lake at a book in their libraries.	£ Thb) cavils for a little bit^of la-
plattcr and with a large spoon stir puso. Every one finds it is necessary point which would cause most of tho The Boers at lluilia and ITumpata, P . jf a ,	has ft limited
mill cold, when it will cream. Dutr to niaka money out of the stock al- watcV t0 run out and down the not far away, are maintaining a	Q\ J tg h3 didn't spend
a.*1" usss. : s,1!	a. - sss. ss	sa «-r—^
lip into rhocolelc set over a ntc.iiu-,	|illg business entrusted to his cure. slimu and vimk mud were next re-	their own government and have little	.	*	'	,	t	rio	is	lo	,]rv	the
* and ni^ted; lny up°n a grC,ia	 +  moved and then operations for the	to do with the Portuguese. They	^	jn the f<frm	which	it	,, worn.
that t,^,	the	^
DnrMODLT ^ DRY.
B	cessary, n final smoothing to gut it	which is retained for a few
true and right everywhere and then y(.ar8_ alter which tho “growing
you leave it. to dry.	down ’ process begins. At first, and
“When it is dry you will nn«l the ^or many years, the process ie so coat in its proper original shape, sjoxv afi be almost imperceptible, free from drawings or wrinklings and	ag0 of about sixty it be-
looking all right and vou are sure . fl tQ noticeable, and after se-not to regret, the little extra la )or vcn^yf cvcn though the veteran decs bestowed in keeping it so.	not stoop at all. the fact that he is
“growing down’’ becomes apparent » [to everyone who sees him.
We excuse
;
without debt and $60,000 in i
Hiff
POP-CORN ANI) CANDY
Buttered Pop-corn—After you have nil the corn you want popped, put it in a deep pan and warm 1 level tear spoon butter to every 1 gal pop-corn. Pour the butter over the corn and stir all together. Sprinkle tho corn wi*h salt and olir it again. After a few trials you will be able to make Hi	' Meat frying» will be
found just ae palatable os butter-more so to come people.
SMALLEST PAINTING
it a success
appliances is to be prima facie evidence against a druggist.	I In Los Angeles, Cal., there is anf
The sale of liquor contrary to the ! ordinance imposing a fine of $5 for.| Act by a licensed druggist; the con-j allowing chickens to run on the sumption of liquor on a druggist’s | streets and other people’s property,. - —	. or the violation of tho Act The success of the ordinance is such
with any club, asso- that the city of Oakland will adopt
premises in connection
dation or society is to bo punished |one similar to it by a fine of not less that $200, nor . qqie report of the treasurer a more than $1,000, imprisonment for Washington for the fiscal year tha not less than three, nor more than cn(je(j on juno goth shows that the six months.	net ordinary revenues for the year,
were $587,685,337, an increase ol $20,-144,485 over those of 1900, which were the next highest recorded.
i

CARE OF A WET COAT
The Rev. Dr. Daniel J. llaucr, who died in Hanover, Pa., recently, was believed to be the oldest clergyman in the United Slates. He was ninety-six years old, and had been a Lutheran minister for 75 years, delivering his last sermon about three years ngo.
Way of Drying It So That It Will
Not Wrinkle.
Mrs. Laura A. Alderman, of Hurley, South Dakota, owns and cares for one of the largest apple orchards in that state. It contains 130 acres, and from 8,0u0 to 10,000 bushels are gathered each year. Her father was closely related to Col. Ethan Allen, of Vermont.
sugar,
enough to cover while cooking, ropes., then stove add 1 teaspoon tar moistened with tho flavoring you choose. Whop cold pull until perfectly white. /
Recently twenty-one employes of
received
ranging
around or he may I from $30,000 to $60,000) one inil-
So what i lion dollars in bonds of the Carnegie I Company bearing live per cent in-
Tliis is in virtue of Mr. An
VAST AND FUTURE.	^t^wiuTthTffi that” this
Every day has its opportunity for ycar 1,500 tons of tho best grade the busy man. Tho experience of to- gOGds of its class have been put up-day will suggest tho possibilities for on thc market, to-morrow. The disappointment» of today can be rectified to-morrow or thc success of to-day can be increased to-morrow. It only requires thought to sco wherein tho idea can bo bust employed.

DOMESTIC RECIPES.
Cranberry .Telly—Wash two quarts of berries and put over the fire with one quart of water. Simmer till the berries are done, then strain through a jelly bag
turn it to tho kettle, boil twenty minutes, add os much sugar ns you had juice; stir till the sugar is dissolved, let cook four minutes, add a
teaspoonful of gelatine dissolved in	ENOUGH BUT NO MORE.	^o impurities
a little cold water, turn in a mold Nq man jg jusllncil lu cftvry|ng pressed into cakes to remove some of ; and leave on ice or when,	more stock than lhe ncc(ls of his ,0„ the water. Those cakes are put away,
Cocoanut, Cakes-Make a cake th çj| require. No man is justified for a season, and when again brought two-thirds Of a cup of butter, a cu| syelling hig Btock ftt so Rmall a out they are, so far as the novice
and a half of sugar, one cup milk, [n =h,u he cannot realize, may judge, good and dry. But hero-
whites of six eggs, and three cups * . flt for the proper conduct- In lies the mistake over which all The presence or wild garlic or wild flour sifted with one teaspoon baking	)Vg bugjness It jg bcttor to who have endeavored to manufacture onions In pastures, thc use of turnips
icing, and before thoroughly dry ‘	"	______ wheels revolved there would appear have a bad odor such ns silage must
sprinkle with grated cocoanut. -	a ,mgtv umSs covering and clogging be fed right after milking and at no
Cranberry Sauce—Wash one quart	ltlCIJER THAN FRANCE.	everything it touched. Instead	of	other time.	Otherwise thownilk	and
of cranberries, coven with cold water,	W€aUh of thc United Kingdom	being dry the stuff	would show	ns	totalling butler is apt to show	the
add a cup of sugar cover and cook ^ 8Q much groater than that	of	wet almost as n rag	a fier dish-'wash- j effects In	all cases keep these feeds |	Perkins was beating his
till all pop open then add aotha	vhat- if both countries had ing How, then, is it dried? XVoil.	nWay from the cow during milking	,fj	when , weut lni i ¦
cup of sugar. Whcn.clissolved turn ^ ^ for existence, England would in thc first place tho enkes arc brok-	Unie. Taints from sllago or other	„vvhal?..
in a dish. When cold it	^	to 8pcnd 400	millions stcrl-	en up by means of a machine like a	I oui feeds are transmit led Enough |	l4| 8ay	pe! kins	was	beating	his	wife
Jelly and such a pretty dish,	Aag to every 300 millions sterling	monstrous mcat-clioppcr, ami before	the air, consequently h the an is full	0{	course	he	stopped	when	I
Pumpkin Pio-Ono cup stewed	^,,,,00 could spend	being further treated appear to be in silage odor, tho milk Is apt to
pumpkin; yolks two eggs; half cup	a	0 stjltc mUch like culm coal, though y how it. If. however, feeds of this
sugar; half teaspoonful salt, ginger	'	entirely without dust. In tills state kind arc given directly after milking,
and cinnamon to taste; one table- Teacher—“Tell me some of the most it goes by means of feed belts to an	the product of the cow cannot be
epoonful cornstarch and a pint of importll„t things existing to-day innor chamber, whence it passes	distinguished from that produced
hot new milk. Put in thc	crust,	wjlich	d# not exist a	hundred years	through some sort of thing or ma-	from 'other feeds, although condcns-
bake an hour. Cornstarch helps kqap	^ ^	Tommy—"Us.”	chine which effectually rids it of all	ing factories and some creameries
the pie light.	f|_	. -jl People must still eat and drink, tho troublesome moisture ns well as proMbi^t^we/^^
Dressing for Roast Th W	and purchase the necessaries of life, thc balance of the impurities.
loaf of bread with crusts cut off. Lut peopIe will still look with longing When tho visitor next sees the stuff	I ¦	¦ I I
the bread up in small squares ado . upon |he luxurlcs of 1|fc Pcople which he, at first glance, thought was “So you are looking for a posi-salt. pepper, little sage and some	advertising, and look in the dry. it is <*ry,	*n<1 tiensaid the merchant to the
SL-TSSefa ® gs- sus nsytis sa» jï-ss »*» «S	sra» ss
try to till tho turkey », full as pos- at|„ k the advertising mill grind- process of the manufacture. The	anything, replied the young man.
slblo for If you do the dressing w 1	* ul about the usual speed, dried material is then turned into	“Of course, 1 don t expect a junior
be heavy. Oysters nro a good nddi- ])on,t dj^contlnuc the advertising in the hoppers of the flour mill, and it	partnership at the start, but I want
January, February and March. IV» is ground much tho some as wheat; i,0 be sure t f oni •	1 " V,îî?[
the man who hammers away with a thence It goes into bags, each h°ld- well, replied the merchan . f
new, interesting story every day and imr 100 pounds, ready to be convey- j make you assistant caretaker. V ou Fresh bread will clean wall paper. (.v»cy week who m the one to win the ed to the wharf. Specially bull will rise at four o cock every m«un-Uub down aliH.	5 in the ci	ijfcWi, drawn by powerful hoi	g and sweep ttif ¦1rs.
ON GROWING SHORTER
Measure the juice, io

FOODS THAT TAINT MILK
with almond
I called on Perkins last evening, remarked Mr. Brown. *
"Did you have a pleasant time?” inquired Mrs. Brown.
Very
NO ROW AT ALL
"So you’ve been in a row?" said thc policeman to the man with the pair of black and blue eyes who came stumbling along Smith Street. "No. there wasn’t any row,” warn the reBut somebody has blacked Yes, but there was no 1 quietly observed to

ply
came in.”
“Well, I should hope so.” I begged him to go on,
your eyes, row about it
¦	¦ I__	J a man that he lied, and he quietly
said some other time would do as h|t me biff! bang! and when I got
well."	w	up I quietly sauntered away and hero
“You begged him to go on?	I lim No, sir, I’m not the man to
Why, yes, I didn’t want to $I>oil Rbout and yell and smash things and
the fun, you know.	bring out the ambulance ”
“Oh. you brute!"	g ¦ j
but he
“Eh?"
AFTER THE HOLIDAY RUSH
“Do you mean to say that you	¦¦ I
could have looked calmly on while he Aitor tho holidays there if *ure tv beat him wife?”	romo a short, fieriod of <i< pression in
“Certainly Why not?”	trade. Business almost stop»*-an4
“I thought you had at least a ! <lo<* stop completely in some lino*., spark of monhood left. I suppose especially in smaller places. 01 , will be beating me next?”	courts most people h	' all the
“Yes I think I could if you ! money they had, but they’ll soon would play cribbage with me." j have more, and they’ll feel all the «•ploy cribbage?"	more like «tending it because they
“Yes. That is what Perkins and ; have become used to spending rnotteg his wife were doing.	on the slightest prorecstie*. —;
tlon

HOUSEHOLD HINTS

ï J




###PAGE###8###
E. HODGINS & SON’S ADVT.
Stewart’s
Boot and Shoe Store
Clearing Sale
You’d hardly thinK it, yet it is quite true that
McGUIRE, THE TAILOR,
will make it interesting for
anyone in qeed of a suit or overcoat during January.
¦
Big Bargains !
We begin the New Year with a genuine, real Bargain Clearing Sale
and
20 Per Cent off all lines of Fall
Winter Footwear.
Now is the time to purchase a pair of................
Our Stock of some of the following lines is small, but every one is offered AT COST PRICE and in some cases much lower :
Men’s Pea Jackets,
Overcoats,
Fur Coats,
Underwear,
Kid Gloves,
Moose Mitts,
Goat Robes,
Horse Blankets,
Wool Clouds,
Boys’ Moccasins,
Ladies’ Jackets, &c.
P. S—Fit guaranted.
Felt Boots or Shoes, Lined Rubbers, all sizes, Moccasins and Overshoes, Gloves and Mitts.
L
00 YEARS* EXPERIENCE
*
The exact time of the shooting of Mi;m Colombe is not known. From s note left in the store by Bitter it appears that she was attending to herduties,and Bilzerwas cleaning a revolver. The revolver waa discharged accidentally and the bulUn hit Mias Cvlombe in the head killing her instantly. Overcome by the eituatu n Bit star apparently rushed to his nome hatleifi and wild with excitement, and began the work of exterminating hia family. The boy, ill in bed with the mee-aelee, was apparently he lay in hie ooucn daughter, Annie, wounded through the left hand and in the tar. It is considered possible that one bullet may have canted
News of the War.
I
o
I
Lord Kitcheuer has authorized the formation of a new burger corps to be known as Nations Scouts, to operate in the northern n and eastern Transvaal, under prominent Boer leaders, elected by the burgers themselves.

QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
Trade Marks Designs Copyrights Ac.
Anvone sending a #ke*rh and description may quickie ascertain otir opinion free whether an Invention is probably patentable. Coiamunlra-llone etiiclly confidentlal Handbook on Patents sent free. Oldest agency for securing patenta. Patents taken through Stunn A Ce. receive without charge. In the
-AND-
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION qYS.
GOVERNMENT PCRt'HAJSlXG LAND
Bloemfontein, Jan 5—The government is purchasing 80,000 morgen of land in the Ficksburg district in connection with the land eettlement scheme. It has already bought 45,000morgen in the N’Chu district. The idea is to split the lands into small holdings, and enable settlers to establish email communities and villages.
The government is also buying large tracts of land for the same purpose in the conquered territory. Eighty farms have
SeeIS-ls" 1	ss?
For 40 mile, the line rune over breast- ha ld’ sn 1 B,Uor wa8 arreeted works that were constructed by the Boers before the war. Passenger traffic on the Bloemfontein-Sannaa Post railway which hitherto hai been used exclusively by the military will commence to-morrow.
The main line from Norval s Point to Viljoen’a Drift will be relaid immediately to provide for the extra heivy traffic.
shot and killed as The 16-yoar-rld
Winter Time Card.
Scientific American.
O. N. & W. RAILWAY.
Train No. 1 leaves Ottawa, Out., 4.43, P.Mt "	“ arrives G racefleld. Q. 8.20, P.M.
Train No. 2 leaves Grace/leld, Q., 0.20, A M “	" arrives Ottawa, Ont., 9.45, A.M
A handsomely illustrated weekly. I-argeet dr..	rolatkm of any scient itic .tournai. Terms, |3 a
both, if the gill raised her hand. The year ; four months. |L Hold ly «II newsdealer*
•fflfiSSttvrsSBft*
face, the bullet passing through the nose.
o
P. P. J. RAILWAY
Train No. 1 leaves Ottawa “	“ arrives Waltham,
Train No. 2 leaves Waltham “	“ arrives Ottawa,
U5, P. M 8.35, P.M 7.00 AM 10.15 A.M,
Don’t Miss this Chance of Saving Njoney.
Admits Hie Crime

P. W. RESSEMAN7
Cen. Pass- Agent
A Costly Trial
Pam, January 1.—Henry Yedal who ,._3 arrested for the murder*of Gertrude Horbruuesiner. on a Ira n near Nice his confessed
betrothed to the girl, who had wasted the money he had saved for a home and deceived him. He, therefore, decided to be rev. n?ed, aid killed her.
London, Jan 1.—The Graphic stye that the coat of the prosecution of Theodore and Ltura Jackson, who were lately convicted here of obtaining money under false pretences, and immoral practices, exceed by £2,000 the highest cost of any trial since the famous Ticbborne oase.
CANADA ATLANTIC E. HODGINS & SON.
was
He declares that he was
HAM1Ï,
BRITISH AMBUSHED.
Pretoria, Jan. 6. -The Boers arobushsed a party of the Scots Greys last Saturday near Bronkhurst Spruit ( about 40 mile? east of Pretoria on the railroad ). The British causaultius were sx men killed and thirteen wounded,
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT,
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
Snakee in Bed
To Exclude Chinese
Paterson, N. J , Jan 4.—Walter B Hedler, husband of Evelyn Stanafield, a snake-charmer of some renown, isnrng
for divorce. He alleges that the enchant* i Qn and after October 13th. 10Û1, and until irearn of repiles mixed her pe's wi'h the further notice, train services will be as
SB HBrisH 5==x,
over the frame of her unhappy hubby, bury. Valleyfleld. Montreal. Quebec. St.-
thereby curing him great P»>- *nd 4ta	it’
content. When he remonstrated, lieu-1 intermediate C. A. R. stations ; has parlor 1er allege*, Evelyn assert* that he taw no car Ottawa to Montreal.
SST,SBTU	b.- 5”““
lieved this and rested quietly, had not Ottawa to Montreal one of the make* bitten him This was a 4.10 P M. Dally except Panday, for New
.... zfzx c;'.,S“.!'tr1,t.hU'Æ
1*1 Tl FBAXI H. PEA VT.	I quilt, worked in yellow dahiai with From Ottawa to New York via Rutland R. R
c.«r,.-r™.a.r„„,,‘STJLtftJSt
the Minneapolis grain dealer and elevator ! phintem snakes did not demand their	_0_
uTS: I	“ “4 Western Divisions
Of this sum 11,000,000 was repreented i he girded up hie belt, likewi.e the cake A	ï-.'Trj'sCf*«Tlnincurmïditi*,
by a single policy m a New York company bite, and left her.	station*.
Guns,
Washington, Nov. 2l. — President Roosevelt, in hia message to ('ongress, will not only recommend the re-enactment of the Chinese Exclusion Act, but will gi futher, and recommend that it be strengthened to increase its efficiency.— The President gave this information today torepresentativeXe?dh*m,of California, who talked with him on the subject. The President told other weatren callers today that he wou'd call the attention of Congre## in hie message to the advisability of doing something to rec’aim the great arid region of the Wen.
VFFES IN KÛtîR AFRICA
London. Jan. 0.—The total reduction of Great Britain’s military force in South Africa, from the beginning of the war to the end of December, including deaths, from disease, men reported missing, etc., amounts to 24,298 men. Of this number 19,430 were actually killed or died. A total of 04,330 men were invalided home the majority of whom recovered and re joined their command.
Ijmes,
Ammunition,
ANOTHER AMBUSH
Pretoria, Jan, 5.—The Boors ambushed a party of the Scot’s Grays last Saturday near Bronkhorst Spruit (about forty miles east of Pretoria on the railroad) The British casulitiee were six men kill ed and thirteen wounded.
A $1 000.000 Policy
AT
• •
ARMSTRONG BROS
CAPTURE BY THE CONSTABULARY.
Bloemfontin, Jan. Beresford's force of constabulary encountered a force of Boers January 4, in the central part of the Orange River Culony, killed Field Cornet Pretori us and ten men, and captured 35 burghers, including Field Cornets Lourox and Erasmus.

BJ


LADYSMITH.
the beneficiaries being his firm. The	Mrs. Hedlei’s	snakes, says h r hus-	Traie* leave Ottawa,	Central	depot, dally
annual premium was in the vicinity of	band, were intelligent creatures. One, a	So”da„y'
IH9.000 and only two premium, had	blue cotre, w»	t.eined to drive tramp.	P‘r''
been paid. The oompeny will not Ice	off the premise,.	Another, s yellow ho»,	loo P M Mixed	for	Mad.we.ka	and In-
the entire million, for much of it was re- wl h red-lids, used to turn the coffee- lermedlats elation*.
.......„ "ltt“ " --- t*-	s sajrs.tas ‘S-SSkHS; Z~
bate of the will of Charles O Conner,	moccasin was wont to play the ocatnia day. 1!.T5 a. m.. ?. 45 p. ro. and 4. e.> p. m.
barrister, Ottawa. The eitate is valued Big Elevators for Quebec. t0 l00the the wedded pair to slumber. All	SWamBbip ticket, fo, sale to
at $50,000. He left two bequests cf a	---- would have bean happy had not the in-
public character, one of $100 to St. Pa- Quebec, Jan. 6 —Captain Wo!vin has considerate wife insisted on bringing her trick’s church, and one of a similar closed a deal with Quebec harboi boaid, friende to bed. That was the limit, and amount to St. Patrick’s Orphan asylum, for the erection of elevators for carrying Ued er vanta his freedom
_____________	on his grain shipping business here. The
commissioners have granted to the new syndicate, organized by Captain Wolvin,
a site for a modern steel elevator on the	I SI WB
An eff>rt will be made to have Stan* Louis Embankment, and also the lease of Hamilton, Ont., Jan. 4.--J he ticurgo ielaus Lacroix’s death sentence commuted, a site on the Cross Wall», leading to the E. Tuckett tobacco company has pr îsent-Hia counsel will patition the minister of embankment for shed accomodations, ed one ton of tobacco to the men of the
justice, basing his claim for a change to which the syndicate will erect in connec- third Canadian contingent for Sooth	,	_	_	.	-
imprisonment on the positive evidence tion with a modern loading and discharg- Afiloa. It will he sent 1 f,;X ‘ j	l	Th©r© ÎS IlOtlllllg Oil tll6 f&C© OI tü6 6&rtll 111
ef insanity given by one of the wit- ing plant. The estimated cost is over one ODCei	nUmr I LT jC,UUnC.UJc	.	,	, j	InnrûllûvTr
Lvcroix’a wild speech Saturday one million dolUra. The commissioners	.----------?------ Write for our interesting book* - lavent- WIllCll It IS ©&81©r tO D© U.6C61V6Q Lllall 1H jeWüllüry.
will al.0 be advanced », another evidence have allowed Captain Wolvin twelve With the doctor, looking through their	The Dublic know nothing about jewellery and are
of insanity.	months to organize hii company and make patients by me-ine of X rya and Mar- wntion or improvement and we will tell you) t ^	°	_	. . •	t a,
hi. ooeau eteamer connection end a’m 6oni getting long distance nc.ge.	JUSt AS liable tO buy B pOOT AS B gOOQ article IT l01t
wïtheth7ù£i>eruk.T«rer.7oerQ"ew ^‘•^..h^^hi.t,a^r.tty.w,ft,g.	to themselves. Their only safeguard is to buy
from a reliable jeweller to whom they can return
^Patents procured through Marion A Ma-j th© gOûdS if HOt Satisfactory. DOIlt b© deceived
over roo new^aper* distributed throughout | by th© Shi 116 Of th© fLTfclCl© &I1(1 r©D1611lb©r thftt 110
the Dominion	>	-,	- -	-,	0	.
on© sells good dollars for 75 cents.
P. 8.—Hardware.
Left $60,000 Estate
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot, Russell Boose Block
Reliability !
COK. ELGIN AND SPARKS STS.
Would Save Lacroix
Tobacco for Troops
PATENTS
nesses
A Madman s Crime
America la not the only country where unoonsidered trifles are snapped up by manufacturers and put to practical use.
In China the dovn of the thistle is ga-
Turnera’a Fulls, Maas., January 1.— I Gananoque, Ont., January 4 -Gan- thered and mixed with raw si k so in , gwdaity !-pitent business of Manufac Beginning with the young woman, clerk anoque sustained a senoua lo*8 by the geniouily that even experts are deceived | Jtnrersand Engineers, in the jewellery store, Louie Bitzar, of burning of the Morden Manufacturing when tie fabric is woven. Ir is also this place today shot five	persona, two	Compmy’s factory th #afternoon. About	(lie(j ltuff cushions as a cubit tuts for
of whom, the clerk, Mias	Ida Colombe,	two mor.tha ago the town granted the	t|der down	and a very good substitute it
and Bi zer’a fire year-old son, are dead. Mt-rden Company a free factory, vatu*d oiake'.	I {_	”¦”«»wiwmwu |	¦ NMPM|
Hie other victims were hie wife, Christ-1 at $20,000, and $4,000 in cash. The |	_	|	vwwwww |	% g XJ m# F | 1
ian, and his two daughters, Annie, about Mordto Company manufactured offre R*cenily an estimate was referred ot	“ Z !	. n „	m#m#
10 years and Carrie, 12 years old. It is	furniture, and sectional book cases, and	of a Uoied	States paper that gifts to	High (	oustable Urouix,	of	Hull,	en- w w	Æk. Æk
thought they will not die.	There is evi-	the inf smmable material used iu their	educational	purposes in the United St«tee	ten d action	for s ieged	slander again#
dence that it waa Bit zer’a purpose also to work made the fire impossible to control, last yoar aggregated $70,000,000. The Arthur Do ) of the Hullpili ce force. The , rnwyT^ VfT Jk	Jk
Uke hit own life, but hie prompt arreat The factory had not yet got fully into New York World publishes, however, a amount m n loiied is$99. Greuox, it ia I W-4 N. \A/ £k I f / H IVl /V jVHàX\ anparently prevented him from carrying I running order, but in a few weeks woo’d list in detail of each donation» showing I *(*ted, ordered Dion out <‘f a seat in the out hie purpose Hia motive is not have been running at full power. New I thit those of over$1,000 in amount sg- criminal court during the Lacroix trial dear to the authorities, although it is be-1 machineiy of the latest moiel had been gregatin* the enormous sum ti fi 23,888, u> make room for another man. W ords lieved that hia mind hae been unsettled by placed in the factory, and this with the 732. Taking into consideration donations followed, it n alleged,on which the action homines# cares. He ia about 36 years of building and s ock on band will be a under $1,000, the total would probably i« baaed. A counter action ussy be cototal loss to the oomp.ny. The origin of * net be far short of $160,000,fXX).	| terci by Dion. —Cmaen.
SHOOTS FIVE PERSONS TWO OF WHOM
ARE DEAD.
Fire Destroys a Big Factory at
Gananoque Ont.
MARION & MARION
Patent Experts and Solicitors
D.C.
9
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE,
r
MAIN STREET - - - - SHAW VILLE.
.A.


3
>
i


Vk
A
: JR



L



4

