###PAGE###1###


(2 4 a?p.

y
6
No, 38. 19rn Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
THURSDAY, MARCH 0, 1002
FIRST CLA##
FARM FENCING
«1.00 a Yeah in Advance
Como and nee our $3.60 enlargements, framed complete. Competition defied.
H Imimox.
Bitrnmow or Time.- My day* henceforth at (Jamphel's [Bay will l>e every 2nd and 4th Tuesday in each month.
H. Tmww,
Photographer.
mportant Announcement !
“SM Bargain Sale.
Held t i 'ap'tfil
Kelt **
OTTAWA, CANADA. ......... 12,000,tOO
......... Vto.eeu

OF CANADA.
Board of Director! :
Chables Maoib, Kmj., Prvaide.u. Gao hob Bat. eag .Viee President
ITow.Obo. Bavin*. Jh Aim. Kk**kh. Kmw ,
30 Cents per HOD. |
CAPITAL - - - *6,000,000.
™„.	K; | reserve fund, - 2,600,000.
Head OBee, . Montreal.
THI ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., limited,
PICTON, ONT.
sober, sound thinking 'ones, should look into every phase of the case before cen-1 luring the Council too severely, and I _ having done so, they will i>erhape show a disposition to at least be reasonable, if
not willing to accord the authorities that	_
moral support which they ex,wet and All orrrdue accounts ami should receive m this instance ^	^¦ea
Cl EC RO K BURN D. M. FINN 11
Ornera) Miieger
IMPORTANT NOTICE.
Branche*? IN ONTARIO Keewitin.
Keiijj.lvillf,
MsUiiWâ,
OtNw»,
8BAWF1LLE BRANCH,
Money loaned on approved eeeurlty at able rates.
Farmers note# bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parte of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Alaiandrla, Amprlor,
A eon more, Brace bridge
Varie to#
Vobüee Hawke* bury,
Lanark,
Parry Men ad Pembroke.
Dry Goods
Clothing Boots & Shoes Crockery and
Glassware.
, ,	note* (hifnir
nmst positively be paid np at once. No further time will be given.
y
Rat Portage, Wi nr heeler, Renfrew
Toronto.
<lo

•7. H. SHAW
About 70 barrel e apples still in stock ]	__
at Earl #
do Ranks*, do Rideau St do Homereet St. WlucJiMter Vaakleek Hill, Smith's Kalin
IN MANITOBA :
Place
PRESSED HAY For sale cheap.
R. W. HODGINS.
y
ShawYiUe Wine in Hockey
Dauphin
Winaiptg,
Account» opened for amounts of one dol- On Monday evening Imre and upward® and lute reel allowed.	I ville waa visited by the Hockey player#
—" "SÎÎKS EE&M'EB
wilh a few Amprior players and the home
team. Owing to the small size of the ,N,oiice is hereby given that any person
'	i:.„m	Si*Js	Having decided to seU out the above Unes
-in J".i suiSlS =n tŒ, ,1ïï.rci I%££?“	52?1”	r1"""'” «ns Barbara Mecooi.	mate a change in my business, we offer the
tt.	IiT-Ti'-i. n,	!Tr at0Ck at °0ST PMCBS The goods
,TS si;»S.hlï „,u ' * ted4' i M e ur txchange., all first class, many lines being just opened up for
Ü	trade It « impossible to give in this
“rjr:**	*«• -V ««a of prices,but we can assure buyers
Portagr iiu Fort,March 3r*i, 1WK.	i that everything in the lines mentioned is a Bar-
gain.
Portage U Prairie IN QUEBEC ;
March 3rd, Shaw
y
Montreal
HUI,
Lâelmt*
fibswinigas P*lli.
Agents li CaisUs, Ne» York aid «’bisigc -Beak of Montreal.
Agents in tit. Pstl Metvksnu Xst Bsnk: Agsits in London, Eng.—Parr's Beak Ltd
Notice To Trespassers.
F. A. PARKER,
Maaager
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
BRAieiDE
Canadian Roller Feed in 121b bag* for 40c. at Smart A Smith's.
Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays —clearing sale days at Karl’s.
Tbs Hotel Pontiac, at Furl William, Que., a popular summer resort, is offered for sale.
Old King Winter’» back if not altogether broken, was pretty badly wrench ed by the thaw which set in last week.
Neit Friday is the day of the Grind Concert. If you wish to be sure of a good seat secure it at once. Plan at John Shaw # store.
11th
are
P*=i «siss

DEER HMD MOOSE.
_____aSSSSS We want t0 clear out this stock
the next thirty days if possible.
BHÂEHE fEHSpS This is a7are chance for custom-
aSpaFSFSS ers to supply their wants for
Spring and they should not miss
Porv. Game	*
Bryson, Que
GUARD YOUR BY*».
Mr. W. S. Clarke, has been appointed agent a* Clarke's station to succeed Mr. Richard Bowes who is removing from
If sunshine makes
that section.
Photos, made by Imioon do not fade.
He uses the best material for manipuV whsStudio, Pontiac House; Branch,
Cunpbells B»y.	Judging from the lilt of talent dieplsyed . TJ* Sh*.w”U? 1te“" w“ . »<>®e*h»t
A flock of wild geeee poseed over the in the progreme for the rr.aaonic concert handicapped by lack of practice and the
Tillage on Saturday, making a north- on March 7lh, the prediction that it ie to	#.!L£!lPPv.	,,
westerly course. The incident is re- be en* of the beet cnterUmmcnte ever . . * s frmoue Idling w in the event
carded as a sign that spring is net very held here ie fully verilM ànu ail may tf£ie eve®,D^-
far off.	look forward to a pleasant evening.	„ *	» scored were as fol owe : hw
Nothing seems to be left undone that *»“> McUughl,,i 8, OomU a, Stêw-could add to the pleasure of such an en- J^t , ^ For Shawnlle, Lang 1, Whyte teitainment and the taste# of all have 3’ IrelAn® 3i ^a7lor *• been fully considered. The programme embraces : Instrumental selections by local talent, tenor and soprano solos by Mi. Wn>. Thick and M as Wilson, of Colonist special trains to the Canadian I Ottawa, also a violinist and comic singer Norik west for settler# and their effects will of repute, pass Arnprior at 9.46 p m. every Tuesday	^ Friday March 7th.
in March and April. All information from 1 J. R. Tierney, ticket egent, j^mprlor,
Sha
llle.
it.
# #
• #
• s
March having come in like a Ret he o ii free to go out c* either a lamb or a lion, remarks & contemporary. In case of the latter eventuality we would advise all and sundry to keep their froet sashes up
Vaccination Notice.
BUY EARLY and secure a share of the good things offered.
Cheap sale of apples urday, March 8.
PERSONAL
at Earl's on Sat
Those of the inhabitant# of this municipality who have failed in exhibiting sue-cessfuf certificates will do well to send them in without delay to the mayor or to the undersigned, as any outiav I lion with the inspection m ilf be chargeable to the parties in default* No further notice will be given, and all certificates issued by medical practitioner# to be of any value must be marked successful..
H. LANG,
Executive Officer.
m connec
J. H. SHAW.
Mr. Norman Brownlee was dangerously ill last week from and attack o) mumps.
Mi. Fred. Klock of Aylmer, baa bean visiting hi# brother, Dr. R H , for the past two weeks.
Local Effect of Vaccination
Out.
The Village Council, especially the Mayor, are meeting with some pretty harsh criticism of late on account of the measure» that have been taken to enfo
SPECIAL NOTICE.
Municipality of Shawville,
March 4, 1902,
P. S.—New Hata just in.
la EUlottt Kail Friday Mfht. A
Mm John E. Carton, daughter of L.
Mr. William	Gamble, solicitor, at	case «ace the Mayor,* acting for the	aiatew.-Com.
tended an informai meeting of the Vil Council, decided to send one individual
lage Council on	Thursday night. The	to jail who positively refused to pay the Mr. James McArthur, spent a day or
question under	consideration was the	nominal fine which had been imposed	two in town last week,	arranging for his
remodelling of	the transient trader s	upon him, or even the costs in connect	return here with his	family from Ot
by law, and matters pertaining to trad- ion therewith, for his refusal in the first tawa next month. James informs Th* er a licenses.	instance to comply with the by-law.— Equity that he intends embarking in
•	,	..	, Not only has there been considerable the baking and confectionery business
I louffe e store, which baa been closed	eriticiem, but a	good deal has been	when	he ref urns, and	has	arranged	with
up since the proprietor made an assign-	&nd ie being which lacks the element	partie» to	have a	supply	of	ice cut	and
manta few weeks ago, was entered 0f correctness, and thereby false impies* stored for use during the summer, by sortie one through a window last week, , may ho created in some people’s but whether any of the pods were re	|||1D<j8 Moreover, a	threatening letter
moved or not, could not W aswtainod.	^ been )ef| 0D ^e	Mayor's premises,
*-• *“	SEHffûF6
RtoOLirriON or Condolence.—At a writer of this letter is as bad as tMlan- Mr. and Mrs Dodds, of Arnprior, paid meeting of the Trustees of the Methodist KU0P‘	hshasndt considered U6 a flying visit last week.
Church of North Bristol, held on Tues- the probability of hum jog up a good many Death has claimed one of our oldest day the 25tb of February, the following	others in addition te those against whom	rodents, in tho person of Mis. C.
resolution was passed Moved by brother	I't h™ a fun^ied gnç vaoçe f	Starke, in the ripe old age of seventy-two
Samuel Smiley, seconded by brother John	One story goes that Mr. Adam lUliott,	]0terraent took place on Sunday at two
Conoly, wc the members of the Trustee was proceeded agamst and fined wterha p to the family plot, board of the MethodistChurch of North Bris he# been vaccinated. 1 his is not correct.	Miss Katie McLean, was the geest of
tel, desire to ex press our heartfelt sorrow at Proceedings were taken against Elliott Mn W. Smart, last week, the decease of our brother Allan Smith, because h* refused to be vaccinated, and We regret to hear of the illness of Miss
m suddenly taken from us. Wc wish to	M	D0 bet‘ret o* that «Ictcrmination.	gthe] Starke.	We hope to soon hear of	To Country	Correspond ente
place on record, owr appreciation for his	Sesame may be said m the case of Mr	nor rtcovcry.
wervice to the Church, and we would con	lubbie,	who laughed at the idea of the	A quiet, but	very attractive wedding,!	Our eouu'ry	correspondents ale	re-
yct to the bereaved members of the family	Council	compelling him to be vaccinated,	twb place on	Thursday afternoon. The i quested to write	briefly and to tho point
•ur heartfelt sympathy. We pray the	and as a result of hih nttitu'io in that	contracting parties were Mr. James	in	preparing	their	accounts	of	“	quiet
God of all Grace may abundantly comfort	behalf, th* Council gave him a practical	prA>ser, and Miss Annie Carmichael, both	weddings.	"They	may, however, consider
and sustain them.	démonstration that it meant business.	0f tim	place. The marriage was per-	themselves perfectly	at-liberty to spr
Theie are the only cases m which point	forme<i	by Bev. Arch-deacon Naylor, of	themselves in giving	the details of i w
blank refusal# to comply with the by-law Shawville. The bride was assisted by uproarious weddings that may occur to were met with, and the Council was	Miss M	Delom, of P. D Fort while	break the monotony	in their respective
forced to take action or be laughed at	jfr> R	Cartman, performed a similar	neighborhoods. We	further wish them
as a tict of incapable chumps This is <juty for the groom.	to remembei that a groom attired in 14 the
about the sum and substance of it.	Sooic of our young men seem very conventional black 1 is sufficiently cover-
It seems inexplicable that the Council lonesome, since our assistant teacher left ed without any description of his dress ; should meet obstacles at every turn, and	corner.	Cheer up boys, ebe will come	but a groom married in tar and feathers
have to submit to ridicule and abusive	back soon.	s worthy of special rates and a full co
critic:em, for carrying out a measure for	There is	talk of	another wedding m	lumn with scare headlines. If the “ happy
which it was not responsible, but which	|be near	future.	Be aura and ask	couple 1 then depart they should be
nevertheless, we believe, has be. n pro.	Dim Bill. milted to go without saying ; but should
dactive of considerable benefit at this	  m	they begin to pull hair before the mini#
particular time. Had not vaccination	iiamir	matpir	ter has got out of hearing we want all
been as thorough ae it has been it is	BLMquJl	WU1EP>	the particulars If the table 41 groans
just p ssible we would have had at least	fet it groan ; but if any of the guests
a doaen houses infected with smallpox Everything at Elmskle ie juet about	to death on the 44 collation M it will
instead of two only; and	IkiaMIM Mil
every house, it need not be oxylained, mean» cost to the corporation. A glance at the accounts for the past year furnishes

men came over from Arnpriq-/, also a number of the Bristol people. The evening mas spent in ringing, reciting, and other intellectual amusements, till the 4< wee sma’ hours ; ” but the comic sing of Mr. Milne, of Arnprior will not s on be forgotten.
Mrs. John Alexander formerly of Toronto, is here at present, but expects to join Mr. Alexander in Arizona in a few
weeks.
We can beat Clarendon in owl sbeetling. Mr. Walter Graham shot a white oWl seme time ago, which measured over five feet from tip to tip, and a beauty *t that.
Condition Powders
..Stock Food.
STARKE'S CORNERS
Messer# Hiram Richard#, and .George Lothian have returned after #pending the winter away.
Mis# Mina Walsh, of Quyon, is the guest of Mis# Nettie Graham.
was
If good results are to be obtained from Cattle now is the time to put them in good condition for the summer months.
To be Sojd at Cost
1	Tea Set,
2	Dinner Set#.
4 Cnambcr Sets. 6 Water Sets.
INTERNATIONAL STOCK FOOD
At Earl's.
Easily leads the list of Cattle Foods as the
CHEAPEST and the BEST.
Put np in 25c. aqd 50c. Packages and 25-*. Pails, $3.50.
Condition Powders.
ead
any
A number of the Clarendon ratepay were out to the council meeting on M ^ day, some we* learn to protest against tin-
council passing a bylaw for the abolition
oi statute labor. Then? is evidently con Fiderably missionary work needed in Clarendon before ti* old idols are cast adrift, and wc understand this is the in lention of the council before making a derinatc move in the matter. People get up in am* as a rule against things they don’t understand, and so It is with new methods of road making which are fast be coming the rule in western Ontario, and bound to become general throughout the country before many years. When She system Is fully explained and the manner of carrying it out is thoroughly understood by the people, they will discover that they can have no grievance against It, and will realise more benefits
*T'uSmtoiTWSSltL *»**ly decided that stump fences *I""K publie roads shall be removed within e g» ven time ;also that parties who have failed to comply with the vaccination by-law are to be looked after. Vaccination has been now per formed on about 80 per cent of the inhabi tents of the township.
try
We have all the reliable Condition Powders on the
Now, when your horse is starting to lose his

market
hair, is tho proper time to feed him a good Condition Powder. We would recommend

Our Own Condition Powders
as the best. Full pound in each package, 25c.
per
j
are

We nate a Specialty ofHorse aBd Caille Hedi»'
/
s
11
. be a serious matter with our special cor-Mrs. Arthur Smiley, spent a week j respondent if we don’t get complete and here visiting her mother..	early returns. What wè want ia news
Mies Maggie Richards ^turned from thal m news.—Puch
The Drug Stor
\
abundant proof of this fact A few suck Bryson yesterday,	_____________

eat
»
###PAGE###2###



THE WORLD'S StIP CANALS

comraorce on the canal ahows # growth from 870,204 tons, In 1805, to 1,402.820 ton», In 1V00.
T\o KalNor Wilhelm canal, which connects tho Baltic and North Sea through Germany, Is 61 miles In length, 29& foot in depth, 72 foot wide at the bottom, 190 fc<«t wide at tho surface and cost about $40,000,000. Tho number of vessels
¦SSI*!
h=r* c; mm wsm
every indifferent marksman up to the the aptness of tho retort that hr* Huron, statistics date from 18». ,
standard of the 'crack' shot."	gave him a week's holiday so that though for the canal in its present in America, tho canals connecting
llricllv, the apparatus consists of he might prepare for tho trip.	form they cover hut about foui the great lakes are tho principal ship
a small sheet of semi-opaque glass,	years. Statistics of tho Welland canals, and are three in number—tho
upon which is engraved a cross. In	-?- canal date from 1867, but for the Welland canal, originally constructs
looking through the sight the marks-	MONTÎMFNT TO A COOK	canal in its present enlarged form od 1833, and enlarged In 1871 and
man apparently sees this cross pro-	cover only two years of operation. 1900; tho Sault Sto. Mario, or St.
jocted on the object at which ho is The first monument ever erected to Tho other great ship canals of the Mary’s river canal, opened in 1855 aiming. Experiment has shown that ft cook is about to be inaugurated in world are of much more recent con- and enlarged in 1897, and tho Canif a man can handle a rifle at all it Paris. Tho chef is question is Urbain struction, and data regarding their adian canal, at St. Mary’s river, is more ciiincult for him to miss than Dubois, who labored in tho German operation, therefore, cover a com- opened in 1895. The American and to hit, once he has become acquaint- Emperor’s kitchen, So popular was ,mrnlively brief term, and, in some Canadian canals, at St. Mary’s ed with the simple methods of sight- ho that his brother cooks have unit- ca80», are scarcely at present avail- Falls, are practically identical in loin*. For night firing tho cross on cd to do him honor.	able in detail.	cation and dimensions, and are used
the sight is artificially illuminated.	-4- NINE LARGE CANALS.	interchangeably by vessels engaged
Every Government in the world has	KNEW HER.	The artificial waterways which may lJj commerce, ns convenience may
-if one may say so-got its eye on	properly be termed ship canals are ^ctute. I he depth of the canals at
the new sight.	"Digson says he has hud his house | £ in number viz •	st- Marys river is sufficient to ao
Sir Howard Grubb is a brisk, refurnished during his wife’s ab- , jrst The Q^cz 'ctvn(1 begun in commodate vessel» drawing 20 feet pleasant-mannered man, somewhat scnce.”	*	1859 and completed in 1869.	of water. Tho American canal was
under medium height, with a clear- “As a surprise to her?"	Second. The Cronstadt and St. originally constructed by tho state
cut, eleven-looking face, which does “No. As a shock.”	Petersburg canal, begun in 1877 and of Michigan, but subsequently taken
not suggest that he has passed the	_ completed in 1890	charge of by the United States and
fifty-eighth milestone iu life's jour-	..,low oUen a woman's face is Third. The Corinth canal, begun in gorged, at a cost of $2.150,000.
lie showed the writer n remark- Fi™° "of^he Admiralty wd live connecting'" th^ Baltic ^Ind Nbrth 327 fe,'t ln tho ‘üstnnco of twenty-
a-j-r:..irx t, .........................
s^rurerss Tvz «>.- «<¦	—%-a- - — s •srjrs.’SS, isrs
seems to cover when viewed by tho	the party)-'‘Miss Rob- seventh The Welland canal, con- number passing through tho Welland
msrnm mmm SiiBEi ilSFi
.hkh h, ^
¦¦¦¦ She has decided that she each of these great waterways shows	1 as	K through	the \V ol 1 and	conal
will marry me if you will supply the that the length of the SiiCz canal is	t0
—-	— srrnzirsfssn	-
“No,” said the rich old bachelor, width at bottom, 108 foot, and at	^t,n™1Z®lF'	*S	^?d ,'V°!	.ca,'°. *
that I wasn t. its a luira worm, ^ $1Q 000000	canals combined being, in 1901, 24,-
sir *	___ Tho Corinth canal, which connects 626,970 registered tons, while the
mmm ispEi
“I am unfamiliar with social customs,” said one stranger to another.
‘‘What is the usual mode of procedure in marrying an heiress?” very simple.
much you love her, and her father how much you owe.”
pied In polishing nnd •’figuring" an object glass, a perfect specimen of which is regarded by astronomers as a real work of art. For months tho glass is patiently rubbed with sand and water, then emery of various qualities, and finally the finest jewellers’ rouge. A measuring instrument called tho spherometer
indicates irregularities as fine &# Sir Howard Grubb, whose noms is11	000th of I» inch, h,,i oven
known to every one interested in as- that is succeeded by other tests too tronomical and optical researches, | delicate for any machine.
cope for the RadclitTo Observatory,
Oxford, is embarking upon quite a new line of invention, says tho London Daily Mail.
lie has designed a form of gun-sight applicable to rilies or ordnance, which capable judges believe
ETERI MAN A BEAD SHOT
In themselves, containing n the natural state some substance which will cause alarming symptoms, or oven death, if eaten persons llsh in any form does agree, causing digestive disorders or
This is notably true
EXTENT TO WHICH THEY AID COMMERCE SHOWN.
S FOR ™ HOME
many
With some
WHAT A NEW GUN SIGHT PROPOSES TO DO.
not
;
The Sault Ste. Marie Does Nearly Three Times the Business of the Suez Canal.
a skin eruptions
Recipes for the Kitchen. S of lobsters ami crabs
Hygiene and Other Notes 1	----
for the Housekeeper.	,
It Will Enable Baw Recruits to Shoot Better Than Bisloy Prize Winners.
HINTS TO HOUSEKEEPERS
will cleanse tho

Strong lye water lids of metal, self-healing vans quicker than anything else keeper knows tho crust that forms on the inside and that looks bad, though it does not injure the usefulness of the can. Put a tablespoon-
half a gallon of rain Let it get hot and pour over Let them stand in it twen-
004
Every houso-
SMALL CAKES
Baker’s Cream Cakes—Boil i pint water and 1 cup butter together and
pour into là cup#
ly cold, pour in 6 well-boa ten eggs. Drop this in small spopnfuls on buttered tins, and bake in a quick oven. Open them at the sides and put in the following custard : One-half pint milk, 1 teaspoon cornstarch, l egg and U tablespoons Boil the milk and add
A HEADY VALET
When near-
ful of lye in water.
the lids
ty minutes, but not on tho stove, as
heat loosens the porcelain lining.
wash
?
Hour, 1 teaspoon
Remove to clear water and well.
The ideal dress for tho working housekeeper is a gingham skirt and shirt waist, the former short enough to clear the ground, the latter inched to the belt of the skirt and
front. To line tho the same
tho
sugar
beaten egg. sugar, flour and starch ; let the mixture cook till it thickens, stirring all the time ; when cold, put it in the cakes.
Cinnamon Drops—One egg, 1 cup sugar, 1 cup molasses, j cup butter, 1 cup water, 2 teaspoons cinnamon, 1 heaping teaspoon soda and 5 cups Hake in small cups nearly
corn-
at-
fastened in sleeve» with mending, as when holes appear in the elbow the patch is already in place.
Frost-covered window panes, such a nuisance in cold weather, may ho prevented by giving thorn a coating of pure glycerine.
If figs or raisins have dried up so they seem chippy, put them on a plate in a steamer and set over boiling water. In half an hour they will he plump as when just bought. Allow the moisture to dry off and roll them in confectioner’s sugar before putting them away.
A correspondent says elder may bo kept perfectly sweet for any length of time by straining it through a fine cloth just before fermentation begins. Let the strained cider settle then pour it off carefully from sediment. Put over the fire and bring just to a boil, no more. Skim, put into jugs while Cork and seal cool place. Thus treated, it remains sweet cider.
To remove a grease-spot from an unpaint I'd floor, a housekeeper advises : Scrape the spot with a dull knife to remove any free grease, then cover with soft soap and wood ashes and pour on some boiling water. Lot remain for an hour or so. then remove and scrub with a cloth or brush, and when dry tho spot will have vanished.
expedites
flour
half full.
Coeoanut Drops—Six eggs, whites beaten to a stiff froth, i lb pulvcriz-
and 1 lb grated coeoanut.
thin
said the distinguished Irishman the writer
London a day or two ago. new sight will, it is expected, bring
ed sugar
Drop on buttered pans and bake Lady	Fingers—Two eggs, 1
sugar, i cup butter, beaten to a 4 tablespoons sweet milk and
En-
4 «
cup
cream
2 tablespoons baking powder ough flour to stir stiff with a spoon. Flavor with lemon or vanilla. Flour your molding board, piece of dough, roll with your hands as largo as your finger, cut off in four-inch lengths, and put closely on lady finger tins. Bake in a quick
take a little
oven.
Macaroons—The whites of 2 eggs. 1 coffee cup sugar and i ll> of Four boiling water over the almonds to take off the brown skin, then put them in the oven to dry, when cold pound them to a paste. Beat up the eggs and sugar to a stiff froth, and add them to the almond paste, mixing them thoroughly with the back of a spoon. Roll the preparation in your hands in little balls the size of a nutmeg, and place them in a piece of white paper, an inch apart. Bake tiiem in a cool oven, a light brown.
Love Knots—Take equal quantities of eggs and rich, sweet cream (a cup of each) ; beat tho <?ggs well, the cream, pour into the flour, and mix as stiff as you can ; roll out very thin. Take a large coffee cup or small bowl, invert it on the dough, cut around it with a jagging iron, then cut into small strands the ei/.o of a large straw, cutting it nearly across, but leaving an edge on each side. Pass two knitting needles under every other strip; spread the needles as far apart as possible, then with them on the needles hold it in
tho
level full of powdered
sweet almonds.
hot, fill full, tightly. Keep In a
)
add
BURIED CITIES
Discoveries in the West Part of the
Chinese Empire.
Dr. M. A Stein, the German explorer, has been emulating the archaeological achievements of Dr. Sven Hedin, the Swedish savant. in the discovery of evidences of iiization in the deserts ui
Asia. The Interesting discoveries of arrangement
the fat till fried a light brown. Only j)r j^cjn are several hundred miles moves the telescope in the opposite * one can be done at a time.	West 0f those which Dr. lied in has direction to that in which the earth
Crullers—Onu egg, 1 cup sugar, 1 wado Ile follnll in Chinese Turkey- revolves. The necessity for absolute cup sour cream. 1 small teaspoon (£m wholc towns thllt j)ud been cov- perfection in this clock will bo ftp-soda. 1 small pinch of salt and spice pred by drifting 8ands Some of predated when I explain that
to suit the taste. Mix soft, roll them evidently dated from about the TO TAKE A PHOTOGRAPH nearly an inch thick, cut out with a beginning of the Christian era. while
cake cutter that has a hole in the otj)ers ,mlst hnvc been buried far like the one 1 have shown you recenter. Fry in hot lard.	more than 2,000 vears ago. The <Iuil'cs “» exposure of twelve hours.
Phoebe's Poverty Cakes—One pint rcljcs lmoarthed jn tll0 younger of Indeed, in many instances the plates sour milk, 1 teaspoon soda and 1 these towns wero essentially Indian hn\e been exposed for several nights teaspoon salt. Flour enough to roll. d Uuddhistic, whkh is not remark- in succession to the same object. All Cut in narrow strips and fry in hot nh!c flS their position is not far from this time the star is moving across lard. They are nice for breakfast. h Indian border, in a region that the sky, or apparently so eaten with the coiTec.	undoubtedly was subject to the in- c'"ck as it were, has to keep pace
Mother 9 Tea Cakes-Ono egg. 1 flupnce of tho Indian peoples.	wlh ll A,n err°r f th,c ™ot,on; °
cup sugar, i cup butter or beef In Qnc ,uce nr stein found n not more than the twentieth part of
suet, i cup water, 1 teaspoon soda ; b that was quite well preserved * second, or in a space 1-2,000,000 flav.ir with a little cinnamon and nnd in whith sonlc ofl-,cials must Part ,°< tlie telescope s revolution.
use dour enough to roll. Cut out	Uved A number of documents w?,u‘d damage the picture.
in fancy patterns, and cook in a	written on wooden tablets. . ""'cover, the framework of he
quick oven.	were "discovered. They were careful- Instrument weighs five tons, and the
Sand Tnrts-Two eggs, reserving , Ued pnckngc8, and t]l0 dry moving portions of the mechanism
the white of one 2 cups sugar 1 „'and had prcscrved the tablets won-	to"8., 7 delicate little clock
^	^ % %%	b.„t
^	^ """"	«K" ^ are placed tram,
fcissf=¦=gag i gass
mmêmm
sfHr 's:*5
to procure a sufficient water s« pplv He did. He found a new planet ! lie The fact that the settlements were made careful and elaborate notes deliberately abandoned seems to be , about that planet for two days and proved by the absence of all house- two nights. Then he invited a coinhold valuables, though a number of puny of well known astronomers small articles were found. It is evi- down to his observatory and broke dent that the inhabitants soucht new the great news. Whereupon one of homes and probably no long time the visitors quietly observed that the elapsed after their departure before new planet’ was no more than a the sand had completely covered the sjnek of dirt in the eye-piece. And villages.	su it proved
Teleseoies are of two kinds—refractors and reflectors. In the first the observer looks through a convex lens at a star ; in the latter he beholds the reflection of the heavenly body in a concave mirror. Refractors are the more expensive, an object glass of eighteen inches alone costing £1,000, while the price of a mirror of the same size is no more than £100.
At the same time, the accurate polishing of the mirror is a delicate operation. The famous American astronomer Pickering, was journeying to a remote spot for the purpose of making observations, and was accompanied by
A NUMBER OF SOLDIERS,
one of whom, having a little leisure, pipe-clayed the professor’s big reflector ! A return Journey of some hundreds of miles had to be undertaken in order to obtain another instrument.
Three years are frequently occu-
pent civ-
On t ml will be provided with new clockwork
which automatically
“(lood!
con-
i i
The
aur-
Impossible!”
distance about
THE HANGMAN’S PLACE. The Homo Secretary has already been inundated with letters of ap-
per passenger
The Manchester ship canal, which I plication for the position of public connects Manchester, England, with executioner to succeed tho late Wlithe Mersey river and Liverpool, was linm BilUngton. Tho applicants in-opened in 1894. Its length is 35$ elude doctors, clergymen, veterinar* miles, depth 26 feet, width at bot- ies, butchers, slaughterers, shop tom 120 feet and at the surface 175 sistants, clerks, book-keepers, farm-feet, and cost $75,000.000. Tho | ers and farm laborers, ex-convicts,
and	who arc unable to
other employment Marwood died there were 17,000 applicants, whilst Billing!on was chosen out of several thousands.
It is
f t
You tell the Indy how
09-
r
At the time
FISH AS FOOD.
Fish constitutes one of the most valuable articles of diet for mankind, although the popular notion that it is a good brain food because of the phosphorus it contains is incorrect. As a matter of fact, fish meat in general contains less phos-
meat.
indirectly, for it is less stimulating than flesh meat, Is usually digested more easily and causes the production in the system of fewer of the waste products, which, if not at once eliminated, act injuriously upon the delicate nervous system.
The last mentioned property is one which renders fish of especial value in the diet of persons suffering from Bright's disease and other affections of the kidneys, from rheumatism, gout, and all those diseases which many physicians regard as the result of excessive formation or retention of uric acid. For convalescents also it is most useful, as it supplies a fair amount of nutritive material in palatable form, with a minimum of tax on the digestive organs.
Among the mo$t flourishing . and at the same time digestible fish arc blue-fish, shad, red snapper, fresh codfish, white fish, striped bass, halibut and flounders. And equally nutritious although perhaps less digestible, are brook trout, lake trout.
Imon, mackerel and cels. Roe is not particularly nutritious, but it is agreeable to the taste and fairly digestible.
The mode of preparation has much to do with the digestibility of fish, as it has with that of all other foods. Boiling and broiling are better modes of cooking than frying.
The chief objection to fish is its proneness to decomposition, even when kept on ice. It may bo free from any taste or odor, and yet it may have undergone changes which make it poisonous. Some fish are
IDEAS ABOUT DROWNING.
The idea that drowning persona take much water into the lungs has seemed to bo unquestioned. But it has long been opposed by Professor W. IC. Whitford, who in forty yenrs has successfully treated many patients apparently dead from drowning, and who now asserts, that practically no water enters the lungs. The mistaken view has caused the waste of much ^valuable life. He has found heat—energetically and persistently employed—to be the most important agent in resuscitation, and with this, aided by artificial respiration and stimulation, he has restored patients that have been submerged an hour.
*
than most kinds of flesh But it is good for the brain
\

%



fA
r// ? y %%%
/

z
r
7
/

z
A
Va
I

9 9
A NOTABLE MATRON

/V
PARLIAMENTS.
The British House of commons is the largest legislative body in the world, having a membership of 670. The French chamber of deputies has a membership of parliament 508, house of representatives,
Spanish cortes, 431 reichsrath reichstag, the smallest of the European parliaments, 397". The present membership of the Unites States house of representatives is 357 n<	use of representatives will be
made up of 386 members of the four territories will also have a delegate, bringing the whole membership of the fifty-eighth Congress to 390. The Canadian parliament, under the apportionment of 1892 consists of 213 members. Tho boule of Greece consists of 207 members, and the chamber of deputies of Brazil has 212 members.
Lee possesses a British matron
¦¦¦¦¦¦ÜMai is.
w

that it should feel proud of West ley of that town, is patriotic enough to have given no fewer than seven sons to the service of her King and country, and is now giving an
¦Égjjjpjpg
arc all members of the Imperial Yeomanry, fighting at tho front youngest (the eighth) has now volunteered for service in an irregular corps in South Africa, and in view of this very uncommon record the War Office are providing a free paa-



z
!
z
584; the It alien the Hungarian 453; the the Austrian 425, and the German
%
//
Mrs. Wcstley’s seven sons
mà
i
7

/
7
Her
»
0

/ f
Â
The
/
sage
Each of
MAJORITY NAMES
'
z
In the lost issue of a London diSmiths head tho poll
v
rectory the HHI ¦	NgN
with a large majority. They are responsible for about 1.500 entries, Jones comes second with 960, then follow Brown with 700 and Robinson with a bare 350.
>
/
MATHEMATICALLY SPEAKING.
last night.
Vs not singular.

a


L
^
###PAGE###3###
1 •
MTÏÏÏATE MISFOETÜNES
Z. I "“““L"C0LM ! DISEASE SPREAD BY DATS - -- •««- «»
SH
wsmmsB&Mir
After vainly trying half a dozen ! I?8, agency, and the figures show , Is to take a laxative, abstain almost „nd the family l.ud so	far	escaped	wUh, hiti crow to two barks. The Taking	into considwaUun the
professions, ho applied for ordina- ' that not only tho poor- but tho entirely from food for twenty-four the plague	Wlml then carried them to the coast	growth of	London since that period,
tion Mut as he appeared dad In I f,hrlTlne p"t ot the working-classes hours, and drink two or three quarts	"It s os lonely os ran be”	tho	Norwav’ but January <«. 1482,	ul,d the large consumption of eJeetrte
flaming scarlet, ho waa turned out of livo, on,Credlt t0 “ °norm0US ex- of cool waUr.	young woman declared. "We go	no-	Q',eri"1 Win shipwrecked near	i,Kht as well, it will be seen that
tho bishop’s palace. Ue decided to tont" rofua,nS to pay cash when they Another popular remedy." which	where and nobody comes here.	The	ll,e Lofod<*n Elands In seventy do-	gl00,000 is a fair estimate of a
emigrate to America, but lost all his I 01111 credit either in good or ban i is really an aggravator, is a "hot	only excitement Is over the cats	for	a!069 nor*-b latitude, and almost all	fuggy day’s light bill, being a total
passage money in a gambling den \lmLea Tbo '«Blowing Ogimea will U- toddy at bedtime. A hot drink, old .Jim is very sick, and the little hls_ companions were drowned." 0f 81,600,000 for un average winter.
» finie fate overtook the monoy i US*ra*ü	^®nJonttde» f°r example, is good, Manx tortoiseshell is dead. We can- or snme time R Was supposed Another item in the cost of fog
which was subscribed for his study of I . 11 ,m,uat bo remembered that case» | and the subsequent sweat iq good. not think what in tho	world is	the	!hat The- to°’ had bccn d™wned, but	which is	seldom considered, but is
fl »' law. Finally, after bcgginc his evolving more than £50 can be B fbe sleeper does not throw off the matter with them."	? January, 14.13, he appeared in	nevertheless a very serious one, _
Way with a flute half over the Con- brought in tho King s Dench, and the, bedclothes the minute ho drop» off ; The words came back to her friend ^ on'f ° wi'h ten companions, tho on- tho enormous amount of extra work tlnont, he brought his weary limbs ! maJority of county court cases are | but the alcoholic addition I»	not	nfl he stood at her	graveside two	,y *,,rvivors	of hia	original crew of it entails in cleaning. It was
back to London, where he took a ' wcl1 undcr thftt fi»uro- during the j merely superfluous hut injurious.	Al-	days later and heard	that, two lads	«^enty-eight	men.	It seems that he : culated that the bad fog of Novern-
m itéra bio garret, at the top of year 1900 thcro wcr0 730,000 debt ; cohol in any form predisposes to a I of the household were also in tho	in gaining the shore after ber 1 to 3 last left a deposit of eit
Breakneck Steps, overhanging the	cascs tricd ln EnSlish county courts, cold and retards tho cure of one	al-1	grip „f diphtheria.	tko others	had been drowned, and tons of soot and dirt on “every
Fleet Ditch.	In these only about 8,000 defendants I r®* y present.	Thi n a woman of means in a n«*igh-	*brri • 1‘wly	made	his way homo ! square mile of Loridon. Shopkeeper®
On one occasion his landlady hav- were successful. The majority of the | o°ol bathing, deep breathing, dally boring house asked the advice of the thr‘ni?h Denmark nnd Ormnny. and householders alike have to pÿl Ing called in a sheriff's officer. Dr.	cases wcfe undefended. Of the re-|	^crcise	in the open air, fresh air in	local practitioner respecting her An-	. ! All hough these two Pietro	Quer-	heavily	for	the	cleanwing	of
Johnson was hastily sent for. John-	mamdcr 327,055 failed to pay within	the house at all times and especially	j gora, which had a sore throat. On	’n*s' Ra-Vfl n French writer,	"are	goods which	fog	makes	necessary,
son arrived, only to find that the tIie 8latut°ry time> For these judg-	in the bedroom at night, abstemious	j general principles ho refused to have	separated from each other	by five	Fog dirt	consists	of	40 per cent of
guinea he had sent in advance was men^ summonses were issued, with	llv,n85 ftnd n°t letting waste mo-	anything to do with grimalkin but	centuries, we find the same	destiny	mineral matter,	3(1	per	cent	of
already changed for a bottle of Ma-	lhc result that 123.430 PR»d before	terlals	accumulate in the body—	advised doing Rway with it at'once	at Work in the case of each
dcira. Irritated beyond measure the	thoir CftsCfl Wcre heard Tho remain-	thf**	best means of remov-	Instead of following the advice the	hc continues, with a dash of	plav-
doctor was suddenly appeased by the der Werc hcard ttnd Judgment was ones tendency to catch cold."-	woman vainly attempted to save her	ft,lnoss; "Is it not possible	that the
¦igbt of a manuscript, which Cold- glVQn’ fai,ure to comply with which	Youth s Companion.	pet’s life by blowing sulphur down	^venturer of tho fifteenth	century.
Bmith had hastily turned out under entalls imprisonment for contempt of	--+- its throat. The next day she dcvcl- d'¥,.lrin* to enjoy once more tho ex
the combined nrenstirp nf tin*™., court, and 4,692 incurred that pen- BULLS OF JOHN* BULL. | oped diphtheria, and within tho week riting dtt*V9 of his youth, actually bell er baby was buried and she was calne incarna*ed as a hero of the Ireland Does Not Hold a Monop- f,*htinK between life and death, from twentieth century?"
oly of Them.	which struggle she escaped, a physl-
JHHRHIPVVPI 1 H I _
to this day. Most of Goldsmith's der £5 should not be recoverable in In the making of bulls Ireland has After that the cats were looked af- FATHER OF MODERN JAPAN.
other masterpieces were only wrung th® county courts after they have without doubt attained preeminence, ter, when to the general surprise it	-
from him under similar procure	betin due six months, saying: "While but she has by no moans established was discovered that very few were What the Marquis Ito Has Done
Curiously enough, the great doctor tradesmen can afford to let custom-	a monopoly. Indeed, John Bull Is	to be found. Those that remained '	I
himself produced two of him best era run scores with the knowledge	not often able to poke fun at her up-	hud short shrift of it, but were
known works under the stress of that at any timc within a few years	on that score without being prompt-	Hficed to the public good.	,	t
ther beautiful nor lovable plunged c9urngcment to tho eystem of rank- P«r controversy lias called forth some ( was a long time before the" settler? dapaneso awakening and his career him Into the most violent grief %fe inR mftnv Emilies tithe houses, One examples of the purely British began importing them Evidence anil ‘Mustia'as those virtues of por.tever-only retained his mental balance bv bound to buy at certain shops goods, bul1. of which two were contributed subsequent result appeared to prove i R°.Ce1.	. Patience the practice of
s%tz	s,“Ksri.-rs ssrs ztzz-jc,:
he scarcely raised pen from paper At trU8t of the jury system. Only 864 1 heY occurred, however, in the the spread of the disease. And the or Uie A‘ast-
the end of that time his grief had cnses wcro 80 tried' the rest prefer- course of the campaign eloquence effect of their sickness was farth.-r /l0 Waf a mcmbcr of the ant.i-for-abated, and	r,ng to be dealt with by the Judge wh*ch admitted tho speakers to its reaching than could have been imatr- elfl*n y.*1 ly ^ youth: but when ho
JOHNSON’S DICTIONARY IaIonc The suitorn fees in the above Precincts.	j ined.	®aw Commodore l erry s j^uadron in
™ sr.. ,„,m. h- T- T’T- JSBfsri.’avrKÜa' ££ s sr*5. trsssaÿss «	aurs? srss.sa.-jr i vzrx&.'xjss At IF -z.
_	Consequently, when, j Exciting Experience With a Lion of nritain» and convince her reckless ; not molested by these sly thieves C,f!n h°w.to UHC thoae w^Pons, and
«t f?T.Œ	his mo^her rtiod'	in Africa.	legislates too late, when the marc The word was sent around that alth?uSh ll a capital oUence for
=#, ¦•=,“#=~==s~—Sa BB.-.BMS : 5sæ» ssïsüsb
whn,t lïllîr,	i C<? o mCCt:	There woe no time to think ; the ro°m’ He askd a well known ho- martens, fisher and mink dead in all barbar,an naliou » was compelled
P aD y*	The ball passed directly over my h°.^rCd hcr f0f lt'	8omo sickn<,Rq about that was wcro concerned. To him more than
• "SOME DAY."	boy’s head and lodged in the for«H , ,price of tho CUP ot tea, your clear. Two of the young hunters any oth,er man ,q the release of
b*-w.*s SrSSSr £ r?Æ,=S SHS
Z	"r' "r B,nLV *	r. 2 % %% r- -4jz ïrvsk zz runzr» : irrzs
«sn. sfwa iÆ	j? zrr.Æ.:“ s szssz.'ss rz,ss* trzcz ™ s=„™CH
th.e ti"y ?raft kA<1 ,met 1w,fh an theology than in the amenities of could not bring the second cup of, ernment to feed (hem that winter. caU8e to complain.	The Belgian railway authorities
accdent. He immediately telegraph- social life. Not long ago he was In- tea, but got a friend to fill the or- Beyond a doubt the fatal sick nose	_ aro desirous of minimizing the effect
«iit0k4	whither his wife had traducing to a younger clergyman a der for her.	had spread from the cats to the wild	which the ear-splitting screech of the
gone but received no reply. Again handsome widow, a former parish-	«-'A-- -	1 animals of various kinds over a good Flap—"I’m in love, and the oi*y locomotive produces upon tho
** ..**— wirvd without result, loner of his own, no longer young, Alphonso—"Gwendolyn, why are many square miles of territory un- di8aRrcc*ble thing about it is, that vous systems of passengers. The en-length K became too	late to	and extremely sensitive to the fact,	you so cruel as to keep me waiting til at last	it reached humanity	the *irl ifl older than I." Jack—	gines arc to be furnished with whia-
AuTtf A , v	“Vy brother," said Mr. Thurston,	for an answer? It is now ten min- I again In the persons	of the young In-	How oId are you?" "I'm eighteen”	ties producing two tones, and softer
AB U>at night he «at	up in	the ut-	leading the lady forward while hie	utes since I asked you to be my I dian runners.	"And the lady is what?" "Twenty-	in effect than the ordinary signal,
mont agony of mind,	awaiting the	face beamed with genuine affection,	wife." Gwendolyn—"Oh, pardon j During tho	last	epidemic of the	1wo ’ Make your mind easy, my	the former to be used in railway rt*»
*' u''vor came- Restless» this i Mrs. Al*neda Jennings, on* me. I forgot. I was simply choos- I grip some cats were noticed by close boy* 1$Y the time you are twenty- tions or when the train is pi,swag y	“ roo®- bo chanced upon of my old sheep."	ling my bridesmaid».”	I observers familiar with the above one ahc'11 be only twenty."	platforms crowded with lassoagsrs.
LONDON'S COSTLY »
bo many people by tho Tho rapid spread of that dis-
CAUSE GREAT LOSS IN VARIOUS LINES OF INDUSTRY
Cost London $750,000 a Winter.
—During Death
Such Visitations Kate is High.
an irritable state. This fault ,
anatomical construction can usuallylpüliiB^HimHHHNil | bean the’mMt famou* ^"aîl™hl‘* au" I ^	b_y__ a" ."‘,”atl_on. w„hi^ I 'lukk|y fatal typo of diphtheria
thousand |ceflflca’ the stirring drama now play-
Lon-
fcet of gas daily above their OHDXNAKY OUTPUT
says the
old manuscript, "mailed from Candia for Flan-derm on board a vessel loaded with merchandise and precious When he sold
two largo metropolitan companies were equally hard pressed, so it may be taken that twenty years ago a day's fog meant the consumption of 150,000,000 feet extra of gas on amount valued at about $112,-
rhe other
stones, in F’lnndern he
arrived
hi» cargo and started for the
A storm forced him

cal-
their
carbon, together with a quantity of sulphurous and hydrochloric acid ; altogether, about as appallingly dirty and harmful a mixture aa could be conceived. It would be a most
9 9
And
immediately sold for £60,
popularity of which has continued I changed. It suggests that debts un. Most of Goldsmith# der should not be recoverable In
MODERATE ESTIMATE
to put down $10,000 a day as the cost of cleansing fog from London.
So far, then, it has been proved that the fogs of a .single winter cost London in hard cash about three-quarters of a million, an amount which would more thaji cover the cost of supporting all tho lunatic asylums of Greater London and their 15,000 inmates.
Dut the worst loss of all has yet to bo touched on—tho toll of human lives which the fog fiend exacts. Some idea of tho way In which fog kills may be gathered from the London death returns during the long fog of 1879-80 already mentioned ; 1,730 was the return for the first week of the fog: 1,900 died during the second; 2,200 the third; while tho fourth week showed a death roll of 3,376, or nearly double that of a month before. This is, of course, an extreme case, but a few foggy day# invariably send up London's death rate from its normal 17 to about 20 per 1,000. Roughly speaking, therefore, fog kills 2,000 Londoners in a single winter.
The London Times urges that this is a proof that the law should be
which Johnson
and the
for the Nation.
sac-
The Marquis Ito, who recently com-
ln order to
ICEBERGS.
Enormous Fleets Seen on a Re«
cent Voyage.
I awoke to find ourselves surrounded | by seventeen icebergs, the number inI creasing throughout the day, until : at one moment I myself counted thirty-two altogether, and there were floes of ico all about us. On one occasion, during the first night as we were slowly coasting around a monster of about three miles long, tho captain suddenly discovered that it was joined under the water by a berg on our other side. A great block hud probably fallen away. It was just then towards dawn, and the light was so extremely bad that it was a mere chance that the rippling of water over the covered ice showed our danger. To have continued would have meant certain disaster. The starboard engine was at once reversed, so that the ship might turn move quickly that she could have answered to the rudder, and we rounded our adversary on the southern side. Wo were among the ice-berg# altogether about sixty hours,
" it was not before Friday at midday that wc were finally clear of them. Not only were they quite unexpected, but neither the captain (in over fifty voyages around the world) nor any of the officers in all their experience had ever come across icebergs either in size or number to equal those which made ours a cord voyage."
was the
as an
enlightened power; he studied west-
re-
lire
ner-





###PAGE###4###








THE EQUITY. Th« MONTREAL GAZETTE
For Spring
MASSEY-HARRIP
SMART & SMITH
Hftf Its own special staff of correspondents at Ottawa and Quebec for the sessions of the Dominion Parliament and of the Provincial Legislature both of which opened on Feb. IS. The re pyrte will be full, Impartial and roll liable.
SHAWVTLLB
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE. MARCH 6,1902.

House-cleaning :
<*
In consequence of the glaring frauda that are being brought to light in the St. James’ (Montreal) election case, it is stated that Mr. Brunet, the member elect, will likely abandon the seat.
\a
We are still in It, and prepared to supply the Best Line of Farm Implements in the Market.
tWe are showing a beautiful Range of
SPECIAL OFFER
Wall Papers.
In view of the above events, TILS " Le Journal,** Montreal's big French GAZETTE will be sent to now eub-
t’snadian Daily, attacks Sir Wilfred! ecribers dally for Three Months on reLaurier for replying in the English lan* | celpt of One Dollar.
Address orders to
HICHAM WHITE, PreeWsmt,
O AZATTX PlUXTIMO Oo.,
Montreal.
NEWEST DESIGNS ! NEWEST SHADES !
A large variety to choose from.
lussrr
guage to Mr. Bourassa's npeech on the address. The time seems to be approaching when the premier will be seeking a way of escape from his friends.
«mit
«nti
Also Pure Ready-Mixed
House and Floor Paints
Kalsomine, Whiting, Glass and Putty.

NOTICE.
has given notice of the following motion : DISSOLUTION OF PARTNERSHIP.
*• That considering the general prosper-	_____
ity of Canada the minimum wage to be Notice is hereby given that the partner-
p*id trackman and other laborers on the %n(f K A%d?ofUw %bge of ArUge
«houid be i.Mt one d.ihr «,d dtito* fmw oi ÿae^r?• “dBd™tt«IGet our prices on CARPETS before buying elsewhere.
a half per day.	Grin name of Held Brothers, was dissolved
on the 15th day of February, 1902, by mutual consent ;and that the said business will in future be can led on by the said
In the House of Commons Mr. Logan
K

9

Broad cast Seeders, Hoe Drills, Shoe Drills,
Steel Land Rollers of the latest and most
improved makes.
Samples on band for inspection. See them before buying.
9
MACFARLANE BROS.
Mr. Charles Devlin, Irish immigra tion agent, has been saving things to the I G. E. Reid alone. Mr. E. A. Reid is au-reporter of . Montreal newspaper, which	“U ^ dU# *° ^ kj
members of the Canadian Parliament I
O
o
(Signed)G. E. REID " K. A. REID
SMART & SMITH’S.
think should not have been uttered by a gentleman occupying Mr. Devlin's shoes.
The country is paying Charles a pretty decent salary to prumte immigration from the Emerald Isle to Canada, instead of which, according to his own story as re
ported, hi.	.„U* to pi.k „p 2%% S'b,X
a proportion of those who have decided week In March, 1902, will be handed to
to leave the country, without being in- my lawyor for l'olleclio“ duced to do so.	I_______________
Portage du Fort, Feby 24, 1902.
1902
1902
A NEWLY REBUILT MILL !
ÇLARENDON
ROLLER MILLS IfjlGH CLASS AND MEDIUM
A. LYON M. D
^-FURNITURE.
words end .«any statistic*, he derob*d Remember that we are adding to our reputation as man___	the bulky export ngures of the past year	ufactlirers of IIlOH GllADE Fl.OUR.
and made them stand to the world in
Wo notice in the reported proceedings of their true raiment. His resolution ii|YOU don’t Catch Us Standing Still aild trying to do blisi-
555.nnBtV^SK »«» »Wj .. » reputation already established. No, sir I ™™a .°1ll”r 2""*““ miproan, n.	t“'"mit!of1 ît™’îf" We want Milling and Seed Wheat and can pay the
Vrormcial Board el Health :	Fielding^ John Charlton of today was a	highest price for it. Wc have a large StOCK of Flour
Jd &SÆSST.	»« Ml»» of M W can make Paice Riant.
cular letters to certain municipal coun* ^,ra^e relations with the States. Among t ils ordering them to make vaccination ^he things he said was that England was compulsory in their respective munici- va^ country with which Canada >>alities, aud threatening to have them I,Ad favorable trade relations. In confined if they did not obey the order Î tinuance of this idea he quoted the fig-
condemn the sending of such circulars 7 silver in it» various states ÊÉm	M
That General Vaccination Order,
Bedroom Suites, Parlor Suites & Lounges,
Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables,
Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
JAMES WILSON.
«
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
THE FAVORITE
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
I
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
Hon. Mr. Turgeon, replied on behalf I In the evening W. F. Maclean (Tool the Government, tint the latter had r#nto) Rifled the House by quoting at
site» I s
defined by law.
F ",mL£	i Hash is King.
SASH and 000*	'	°
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
mo
e ooo*
version of Mr. Charlton to that of Saul. And farther, he said he hoped that the Mr. Tellier'a yntioni, however, inv I conversion of John of Northfold would
ply that a doubt exists a* to whether or I ^ Wlowed by that of Riohaid of Oxford
!">t tl,e orderi üf,U,e P:°viecif Board hM (>ofth. ministerial side Mr. Chari been general throughout the province, ton’e frank avowal that it
This is rather an important question adopt a tree Canadian policy caused some
nod one that the public ehowld know. I surprise.
ferest to have the inquiry pushed a li'.tle cated moee protection to the woollem further, and we trust the representative | industry of Pontiac will endeavor to elicit some
AT
WAINMAH’S.
Beginning with the New Tear I have decided to eemduet my bwav neee on a new basis. by selling for
FACTORY
Tour choice also of several other makes in Oook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
wu time to
(Formerly McCredie & Ifodgins)
CASK AND FARM MtWWE MU.
Is again built up
and
3j this method I expect to be ee a bled to dispose of goods at the smallest possible margin of profit to myself and s corresponding advantage to those who favor me with their esteemed patronage. :
ready for business.
move definite information on the point.
While no doubt exists at all as to the
power of the Provincial Board to order I The report for 1901 of the Commie- _ . . .. t sti	r • i •
EE—SEsSSSh * “ "”* '	FtKu, w, !,„
tain municipalities: and if the latter, given te it of late yean. There were	¦"¦¦¦¦	*
SLtutSictrite»srstfsa o e. wainman, shawvillb.
=	Era? STtfîriÿS ». a.-Ei,bwt price for Hides and Pelts.
received copies of the order, although variation# in the record from year to
only a small proportion have taken steps	.1" an? P®*iod of I the Saguenay and other north shore die» *"	««—«. ud. i„. b„ » j siJz,	& %» :.™. Sd(zr	y ïi-ssï
.«eld tr.n.pir, ih.t rom.	d,|Wtm«.l toth., .uppej Hi. p,. Vmc.ll. «L«., rtiû ï.“	SH.WELLE.
iiave escaped the unplea-santnes of har- «*,0“	V PJ «hem shown amp- pected ,0 ,dd conaiderabiy to the avail Wheat (standard) 66 to 75c.
ing to enforce the act, we think the pub- SuuL.ncT S.gu.MT Cd^aU ‘.ble ™Uh of tb.e	U ' Flour per barrel, *3.40 to *3.80
=5HEE:|gg#iSNSMlS EErB.
exceptions; and once having issued the !eet I18 '•!	4‘“J ( j lhe	l deal of attention hai been given produced Bucks, per lb. 6 to 7 eente.
.-rde, the, should see that it is repeated, ^ot r^ariM w ..Sdentl/.U^S" ‘ 22tTs5 $»°h	In1	P#r lb- 6 10 8 ceate
otherwise the effect upon any subsequent ft would be s great thing for the country lt§ ^ut ' jt |t ||(lj u l)ft regarded
decisions of their’e along similar lines	"{*.**•m£Viu?.if'.** o!d I along. I de tbs sum the fore&ts ha^Wd-
willbejuost prejudicial If we under-1	tk «J wJlth, t L‘” 1 ^-Montred Gwatf.
m' in '»- angiit. the objecief !ooneervatlve population and the strong-the order was to prevent a threatened set men physically and morally, epidemic of smallpox throughout the The other features of the department's
,„™. Admitting tite	~Zr£rïïS
is the beet means of accomplishing that former yean. The revenue was $1,4*5,	. . t	Al ... .
end, the contention is only reasonable 002, ef which $376,947 comes as bonuses DQWIllc h‘ corporation shall levy any tax
~ zrZT'TS-s: SSHS
smallpox has Wen cropping out every erative and that the demand which made **!¦“• •“* 1U0Ï P6"?1? ,	8
where in the province, we take it that them io will continue. There were in An8V*on\.,uc“ munijï.,Psl
EE-EFHB
enforcement or exception of an order l6ven were being arranged for. One of 1 Provided that such orders or sales be .vhich they considered necessary in th. io- then latter i. to ba at Scveu Island., 1orilù.^ctu^ o™ the^î t»d. f
The Intent of the bill it obviously to enable municipal corporations to require persona engaged in selling goods by sample, catalogue or price list, direct to consumers, such as tea agents, etc., to take out a license, and is urged for the benefit of local traders, who lose the trade thus supplied.
The Public Lands
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP TO • DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN. TIIE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING GOOD WORK DONE.
With many thanks for past favors I wish all my customers the com pliments of the season, and trust the year 1902 may be to them one of prosperity and happiness. : : ::
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turning», Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work dons as usual.
Silas Young,
THE MARKETS.
Starke’s
Corners.
HUBERT C. HODGINS.
Here it is ! SH™
The Place
measure, which many people regard a* of a
SASH end DOOR
FACTORY.
Turkeys, per lb 8 to 9 cents
Pork per 1901 be.. $7.90 to $7.30 Beef, per 1U0 I be., $3.75 to $4.00 Wool, per pound, 14 to 16c. Pelts, each, 40 to 56c.
Hides, $4.73 to $5.00.
Calfskins, 36 to 40 cents each.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
After the Peddlers
Quebec Legists reduced s bill
In connection with my former business I have jest placed in position a set of first class machines for the ufacture of all kinds of
tare Mr. Robitslle to amend article
¦¦¦¦Kill
I o the 1 has intr
4544 of the Revised Statutes
¦IP HP OTTAWA
Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
polls, 18 to 20c. per lb Egg*, fresh, 25c. per a os. Potatoes, 65c. per bag. l^amb, 7 to 10c. per lb. ' Mutton, 7 to9c. per lb.
Beef, 51 to 7c. per lb;
Pork. $7.23 to $8.25 per 100. Chickens, 60 to 96c. s pair. Oats, 47 to 48c. per bushel. Hay, $6.50 to $9.50per ton. Wool 00 to 00c. per lb.
Sash,
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Hepairiqg
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &o.
For which I am now prepared to receive order* and guarantee flrat-dans work.
near Moitié, whercoace there was an ivory industry, farther down the Golf than many soppoee such operations would be In reference to the significant speech of carried on. To meet the demands of Mr. John Chariton, delivered in the which this activity is an evidence, and House of Commons lsst week, the Ot acting on the advice of surveyors who tawa correspondent of Montreal Gazette had studied the question, licensee says :—
“ Mr. John Chsrlton, M. P.f trotted small as 7 inches diameter at the stump, one of the skeletons out of the Govern- The old rule was that trees under 11 snent closet today when, with many J Inches should not be touched; baton
tercets of the public health
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future in crease in business.
•I
Shawviile.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
now allowed to cut black spruce trees as
, P-S.-HighMt pri=e' paid
United States transport McClellan. for Calfskins and Pelts.
It is asid that more wives are disappointed in love then spinsters.
L
¦ m i mm

###PAGE###5###

THE EQUITY, I
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Court Shawville
k Mo 816.
i
A Weekly Jwmtl devoted to Usai Intereeta. à
LOF
m
Glimpses
County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Booms.
PUBLISH ID IT BBT THURSDAY	J
AT HHAWVILL», Oo. PONTIAC. QU*. I
«4t»êc*imo*-4t.oo 4 fE/m ut aovam. '
No paper stopped uutU sil arrearages art paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher
1 Meets the «h Wednes-I day of every month.
J Court does mast be paid f promptly every month.
Visiting brethren oor* dlally invited.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
rs
LBJC.1
of Spring.
J. A. Cowan, as
H. 8. Bank Err, r.S
Jobn Bec*rrr, C. a,
Before placing orders for Spring Goods I wish to remind the general public that
WE HAVE THE H|0ST UP-TO-DATE FARM MACHINERY ON THE MARKET-----------------------------
as a glance at the construction of Disc will show ; also the number of sales made to the leading farmers on their merits.
ADVBRTIBIKU RATES ;
Legal advertising, eighteenth per line for
22 SisLtinnir'?,u;.Mau	tor
,Mh “•
local an nouace mente Inserted at the rate ofive eenta par line for Bret insertion and three cents for etAeeqnent Insertions.
which will be given on applleatioa.
Advertisements received without ins true t one aeeompaiylng them will be inerted until (brbldden and charged for aeoordlugly,
Birth, marriage and death notices p#b-Itstmd f< ce of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
HAWTELLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
Early Arrivals of Spring Goods at
A Fashion arlk Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A CLEAN Shave.
The Up-to-Date Store 1
VToor Turn nett
GEO. HYNES,
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and t ueaply sieentad. Orders by mall promptly
Note.—Pole can be arranged for two, three or four horse», instantly without removing pole. Made in nine different sizes from 10 to 20 inches ; double lever—a great convenience on side hills and turning at end of furrow.
Our First Shipments consist of.........
New Dimity Muslins : Fancy Spots, Plain, Fancy Stripes (silk effects); Organdies and Plain Lawns.
New Mercerized Sateens, Fancy Japanese Silks, and Beautiful Delaines in stripes and checks, for Spring Blouses ; new Laces and Embroideries.
New Lace Curtains and Netting.
Zephyrs, Prints and Ginghams are here in abundance.
See our Fine Mercerized Sateen Underskirts with deep accordeon-plaited frill.—Splendid value at $1.50 and $1.90.
JOHN A. COWAN
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, . - QUE.
Publisher
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
f
F.M.A.McNaughtof|lB.^.,M.D.,C.M.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
Graduate or McGill Unitwmtt,»
Office-Residence of the late Dr. H. H Knox, Shuwvillc.
Office hours -Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
A. SMILEY.
J. F Gronau’s,
Ladysmith
I also keep a complete stock of t une-ral Fiirntshiogs, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive person *' attendance. Open day and night.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M D., C. M
F. T. M. C.
G tduite of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by
ttsmloatioo of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. ,	.	,	_ ^
Ornci amd Rniduce : J.U AawsT»oKo‘e House, JUlStPlCt &HO OOlHltPy* MAIN HTABKT - - BHAWVILLI
Rev. Newman Hall is dead.
John Rompson, of North Bay, dropped dead at his work.
Renfrew is to have a mail aerricebyTHe 800 trains going both ways.
There is talk of establishing an agency of the Bank of Ottawa at North Bay.
on. J. R. Rose Innés will be apfoin-ed Chief Juatico’of the Transvaal Colony.
The C. P. R. will build 200 miles of new railway in Manitoba next sum*
LEGAL.
B10RBEA0 RAINVILLE, L. L. L
•J
J
There is no other Store within your reach where you can choose from so many Patters, Colorings and Fabrics as here.
BRYSON
ADVOCATE
# #
Headquarters for
WM. GAMBLE,
UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
:
BARRISTER, *4.,
Room », Trust Building, No. 4d Sparks
St., Ottawa, Unt.
At Shawvtlls, second and fourth Thursday f mer
of each month.
taw-over G. F. Hodgtns’ Store, Main St.
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
The manufacture of Bessemer steel has begun at Cierguee works at Sault Ste. Marie.
G. F. HODGINS
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
«
Brockvillb’s experience in the civic owetahip of its lighting plant has been highly satisfactory.
Q iebco shot manufscurers as# sending a députai ion’to Ottawa to ask for an increase of duty on their goods.
» AC ,
1
C
or tee province or Qücnac
i i ust	street, Ottawa.
Phone No. 1884.
Atiende courts of Ottawa and Pontiac
MAIN 8TB8KT,I the muourpmii* of (he province$402.
QUE. 000 in mediosl and isolation expenses.
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
jr. P. GBONAU 7! " LADYSMITH.
AITW8 McCWEEU, I. C. L.
ADVOCATE. *o,
LAW CHAMBERS j
I
Booth, of the legislature, w dornl, si Salt
On the opening of the British Co!um-|	IalsnU
bia Legislature recently, Mr. Pooley wee
HULL,
übHbss
A..A«A«un ¦ c	one found dead in bed »t his apartmentse at The new steamship Kroontand, launch- wae	His body was blown 200
SHAWVILL6 •	* I 37 Baldwin street, shortly before noon | ed a Cramps' shipyard, Philadelphia in I fAet. Houses were wrecked in the violn-
the largest vessel thua far built in the I and the next mine building blown to United States. ^	atoms.
OSBPH RODGERS’
J


*3,orr4w j
Halifax, N. 8., February 15—A terrifie
A/
Genuine Pocket Knives
Cast Steel to the backcone, SA inch handle. Price 25 cents ; postage 5 cents.
Writ# for Catalogue of other eisee.
McDOUQALL Ss CTTZHER,
Hardware Merchants, • - - Sussex St. Ottawa.
Saturday
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
Madame Dandnrsnd, wife of the Sena	E|BEMEiEBpilWBBMERPREEWBBWMBME^^M
NOTARY PUBLIC. NOTARY FOR TEK I tor, is formulating a scheme for the esta Lord Dundonaled is mentioned as the A Mr. McConnell, of Ottawa has ac-RELiAN^ LOAN AND 8AVINU9 bliahment of a national conservatory of probable successor to Major General	the old Gemmell wsollen mill at
.....r§$&K¦r0srte01 p/T“1	“
Tuesday and Sat-1 Wm. B. Hunt wa. armted at Fori | Li.ut.naot Commander Oravele, Van | trol of	Ûd^ï
plumbago' works. He his got if tha Grierson and other olun
con
into
iSÏÏFï' ~ T	| »i-«.tte»dS,»:,Md
residents off Pembroke. The remains woman cannot be produced or serve as h, tan0onct»d from Weetpert, of Mrs and this morning, toast cheese, and coffee, afternoon Lacroix called r - pork chops.
SpÉpÉi
n-rs ^ E'„r:.rm *"
j am mmm asm ase
•hutting it off. Guards are patrolling to prevent any one taking a light into dangerous proximity of the spray. It is estimated that the well is wasting two thousand btrrth of oil an hour.
Sold by All Newsdealers
J.
i
good
Ï
Prisoner Lacroix Thrives on
Water.
HOTBL0.
Furnishes Monthly to ail
vol .ime of
Bnr, Choice
half Vocal, ball Iniu-uan-cuU—»e Complote
St. Lawrence Hall,
un
¦s
.11, mdTSMS
nee the Plano or Oman, we wttt
Cent».
•9
Mrs C M* McLean,
j. W. FIFFte, Fuhlleher,
Eighth a Loouat Sis., FhllaSolghls, Fa.
GlMaliSi,
M

PRACTICAL
Y WATCEBJKER
1
JEWELLER
A IBLWCT STOCK Of
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY,
SILVERWARE
ào. Ac
RarAiauvo—
###PAGE###6###
*> t
Z
* t

Sunlight Soap
“Papa, wliot is n conflagration ?" "A g veut lin :u\ bo> ’ "Ami wlmt
to a small A fermai! lire ? 1
Willie, aged five, had been warned 1	jf	13 1	*	1	I
not to eat minco-pie for supper, but I	fl A	# Æ
Insisted on having a piece, never the-1	Jf	J ^ * M U A
less. The next morning ho related C/'J «livtC/	TÛJ%Jtsrtâ
a wonderful dream, in which bears	/	/	y/ "'jVUSTiS ¦ g*
had chased him, snakes crawled | / z Û *	/ / A Vy /)*	/7 • /f jf
ssuis “'hi ïïS rr d /£*«&/ >/
elephant rolled on him. * 'There 1"	f1?	/) /	y *¦¦¦¦"¦¦¦*»
exclaimed his mother. "I told you f û sf/iJhH y Jf/AJ> Ayff /	A * A 0 A *
if you ate mince-pie for supper you	v^y^yit/
would have bad dreams. "Well, I	mmammmmmmmrn
HHHHHIHgggPgg|Jg|_______ don’t.	youngster. /JÏa2	A	\ JJL
«« *»1?^ U°UNexU!ay ho !lK 2t TlimTlnTtuUoa for°I % h“” T:ndTdU,'tl,^'w%y %	^
Ü@!iBgl|EB“EElTWENT,.Fm ANNUAL STATEMENT
MB V ¦¦
IT IS IN TWl'LVE PIKCKS ono of the doctors who had given me
naine would you give Ino, then

)##
lean-
not tlnnk just aoW of any special word. You miaht call it an incipient fire, or ^ flro of little meut.”
One ounce oflSunlight Soap Is worth morethan REDUCED 1 wo ounces of impure soap.	EXPENSE
mo-
pap;., 1 have just noticed that your coat was burning at the back, and 1 was wondering whether it was a conflagration or an incipient tire I”
Well,

¦Jj
FITEI'S VICTIMS.
IP YOU WANT GOOD PRICE# PON YOUR
Butter, Eggs, Poultry Apples Produce
CONSIGN THJCM
DAWSON COMMISSION 00. Limited, TORONTO
Correspondence Solicited.
A Sufferer From the After Effects of Typhoid Toils of Ilis Deplorable Condition—Appeared to be in a Rapid Decline.
TO THE


The after elïects of some troubles, such ns fevers, la grippe, etc., frequently more serious in their suits than the original illness, and the patient is left an almost physical wreck. In such cases
are
re-
OF THE
jto^North American Life Aesur-
ance Company.
HEAD OFFICE :
\ 112-118 King Street West,
TORONTO,
For the Year Ended December 31st, 1901.
Black, Mixed and Croon.
UK 80
what is needed is a tonic medicine, to enrich the blood, strengthen
as
Apan tea di inkers try *SâladaM Green tea.
K off h
I
the
and put the system right ^ illlllllllll 1 '« Uarnhardt, a prosi»orou.s young farmer living near Welland, Out., offers proof of the truth of those st a tenir Ms
Ai" ;.i M l •
Tt- vJ
Tho Jordan,
Mr
during its Course, falls 1,200 feet, and is unnnvignblo, except for very short stretches.

Simtr#
When Mr. Sil.bald exhibits his mo- I !ip RnW across the street, and not dels he appropriately refers to the )vmg n 1 0 lo he,iovo hIs o.ves. wont display as the “smallest show on 'f? my hrother Rol>ort <md asked: “Is earth." Some of his items, which !,?* :VOUr brothor J°e?M Robert boast of quite a number of pieces. °( nl,n.	^ was 1. and he said
arc kept in such curious and minute ' m astonishment:	“Well. I never
receptacles ns nuts and cherry st on- I pected 1o p“° him around again ¦¦I	¦ I ¦ I
horizontal engine made of twenty- ag,Un in the shop here.
six pieces. In an almond shell a six- > novJM* ,M‘ jn sick or oflr work a day No less than 725 castles chambered gold revolver is comfort-I ; 7.° . ,m< 1,1 at ia OVCP throe and a loss ancient, stand unon tho ably ensconced, while the interior of, iaT >Pl] rR ago.	overlooking the Rhine
a plum stone affords suflicicnt oo , am.g,ft(1 of the opportunity to my commodntion for a pair of breech- mnko thPs statement, for I he loading pistols	1 owe my life, health
Mr
tÇmti.'.SL
Rar&lutfdt
n*yg :—“Some years ago while living in the United States, 1 tacked by typhoid fever, the effects of which proved more disastrous to my constitution than the fever itself, and for months I almost total wreck, tile, was haggard ami apparently bloodless
and distressing headaches,
find my whole appearance gestive of a rapid decline no less than three doctors, hut they failed to benefit me. At this juncture a friend of mine mentioned case to another physician, and suggested that I should take n course of Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills. 1
tad's Liniment Cures Distemper
%
wo# at-
I
wftei
Wedding cake is replaced in IJol-2 I !and by sweets culled “brindzuikors
r
1 ^
M
ex
9 9
warn an
I had no appe-and emacU.ted,
es
30,1000. To net Ledger assets
$3,773,508.0»
****** ******
****** ******
##*####*
1
had
RECEIPTS.
#
violent
and I have
To cash for premiums.
To Cash Income on Investments
1022,935.02
176,461.66
• •• e •
was sug-1 tried
more or hills
1,009,390.6»
kZ;1 mi1*1	• I te'aZsS»: E‘«va*
(signed).
$4,872,004.6»
Dec. 31, 1901.
DISBURSEMENTS.
By Payment for Death Claims, Profits, etc ... By all other Payments..............
Hut the most wonderful item, and
¦«eier^...................................
Other alleged tonic pills nre mere rOTTimi MIDAPTP	J. ». GRIERSON, {SEAL}	^ T,U1",0n“U‘ Net Surohrn
imitations of this great medicine. UuIIAhA lllllbAuLij	a Notary Public. \  , I Sold by Druggists, price 75c per bottlo. i,5n ^Ur? , "‘7   .$507,441.37
SSSMZS ~ irommiïïErëSsed	-SsKBFssttssK-igSe
xz&æz?.'2?zSA swo»s	™‘7  *ra , ,
œM-ui-	œ.»"»	-rSSHHSs
wonderful cures reported have km DoddT Kidley PiU,^	mcanS’
$380,088.85
201,900.70
JOSEPH BROWN
Of the 6,700 Britons killed at their work during the year 1900, no less than 3,699 were seamen.
678,595.05

14.194,309.01
Dec. 31, 1901.
By Mortgages, etc...............................
" Debentures (market value $747.205.99)..............
" Stocks ami Bonds (market value, $1,371,315.70)
Beal Estate, including Company's building.........
Loans on Policies, etc............................
Loans on Stocks (nearly all on call)..............
Cash in Bank and on hand..........................
ASSETS.
...$1,200,489.65
737.848.51 1,822,168.92 416.930.41 278,827 44 215,170.00 22,868.65
• •• »# *
••••*•
$4,194,309.61
178.581.85
47,881.92
\\ Premiums outstanding, etc. (less cost of collection) Interest and Rents duo and accrued
ft"d | table
• • ••
#
• • •
****** ****** ******
$1,420,773.38
LIABILITIES.
To Guarantee Fund.........................
Assurance and Annuity Reserve Fund Death Losses awaiting proofs, etc
$60,000.00
3.808,229.00
45,108.01
• ••
•••• •••••
$3,918,832.01
$5,520,067.00
• • • •«a##**##***#
• •
• ••
• ••••
tho history of the
..$27,977,794.00

TMI MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE.
The Toronto Mail and Empire Sends a Reporter to Oshawn— His Inquiries Result in Complete Verification of Original Story.
PRESIDENT :
WONDERFUL MIIIÀTDRES
O
TXT Xa.
x
x
VICE-PRESIDENTS :
JAS. THORBURN, MD. HO N. SIR WILLIAM R. MEREDITH, K.O.
DIRECTORS :
HON. SENATOR OOWAN, K O., LL.D., C.M.G. E. GURNEY, Eso.
L. W. SMITH, Esq., K.C., D C L.	J. K. OSBORNE, Esq.
D. McORAE.Esq., Guelph.
MANAGING DIRECTOR :
Flie City of Metz is the only large town in Europe, which not only has
HOUSEFUL OF FURNITURE IN
A NUT-SHELL.
Very many startling stories of wonder lui cures by Dodd's Kidney
An Englishman Has Made the ' X>i!ls have, bv(>n Published in these Most Unique Set of Models I columns and in other newspapers all in the World.	j OV(;r country from time to time.
, Every case has been so well au-Mr. G. M. Sibbald, of Leeds, Eng- thenticated as to leave little room land, has made what is undoubtedly for doubt, and yet the statements the most unique set of working mo- made and the cures reported, have dels in the world. '1 hesc wouaortul j in many cases, been so nearly mirac-
which arc fashioned in ! ulous as to be almost beyond belief, silver and gold, are made to work; | Recently, The Mail and Empire ol and have been produced after years | Toronto, and other newspapers, pub-of patient labor, says London Tit- i lished a despatch from Oshawu, in ^Ls-	I which it was said
That
Preserve* the teeth. Sweetens the breath. Strengthen# the gums
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
SALESMEN
WANTED

AUTOSPBAY”
EPPS’S
FOR
SECRETARY : L. GOLDMAN, A.I.A.
MEDICAL DIRECTOR :
J. THORRURN, M.D., (Edin.)
The report containing the proceedings of the Annua! Meeting, held on January 29th last, showing marked proofs of the continued progress and solid position of the Company will he sent to policyholders. Pamphlet» explanatory of the attractive investment plans of the Company, and a copy of the Annual Report, showing its unexcelled financial position, will be furnished on application to tlio Head Office or any of the Company's agencies.
Beat^comprened eir «prayer mode. Sample machine free.-CA.VER8 BROS., Celt, Ont
GRATEFUL-COM FORTINQ.
COCOA
V\OOD \|>||(V*> 1 Lt.lMUMV;
U IOM SI sc.
)< ,,s s| Mi | ; ' JulMivIO
mimatares,

BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
s	Africa 1	DYEI NO
the models have attracted in the Oshawa Malleable Iron Works last -vcar wns over 52 millions on 1	end O wning. This !• • ipeoieitf with the
more than ordinary attention may j had been cured of paralysis by Dodd’s Crease of two millions on the year j BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO. be gauged from the fact that not Kidney Pills, and that, after he had be°rCi	lend particulars by po«ismi we era suret eeeUsfj.
many months ago the owner exhibit- ! boon absolutely helpless for four •	--------4-------- I	Addreee Box 168, Montreal.
ed them before the King and a dis- months, and had been given up by tmguished party at Sandringham, j the physicians at the Hospital in I he late Queen Victoria was also Toronto.
I Cure Pain
i/iinard's Liniment Cuies Oipfteria
Brass Band
uc i intci es ted in the models. They This was too much for many peo- French people use only one-third as ere exlubitecl, at her special desire, j pie to believe, and numerous demands ! much sugar, per head, as they do in « in( sor	i were made on the paper in question j the United Kingdom.
T 2TZ ÎS2SCÎ ’ '% ZSZzr SSSwU. : ......................	| «•”T0WN ew »*W A band
B	I	I ™E,”£
.,s a miniature loro- was a complete, and very satlsfao I would say that I do not know of . ? fontainmg ÎJ20 pieces. Al- j tory confirmation of the original des- ' a medicine that has stood the test of lough It is BO small you can place patch. To put the matter absolute- time like MINARD’S LINIMENT If
iiJo UroZl * °A y<2Ur htin(I and l* bQy°nd question the following I has been an unfailing remedy in on ,	--	_
E- 6Ei !	I	| W*
There are also a Liliputlan lawn-i lh,what most of the doctorB called mower and two horizontal engines. l>ar“lyS18’ and othcrs nervous There am no fewer than 884 pieces tratlon.
in the former. The collection also ?uss and 80rcncsa ln thn calves of my comprises a	| lc8fs and gradually increased till I
The Dr. McLaughlin Electric Belt is the only never-failing cure for Rheumatism, Lame Back, Nervousness, General Debility, Loss of Power in Young, Middle-aged and Old Men, Varicocele, VVeuk Back and Kidneys. Drains of Vitality. Wasted Energy, Sleeplessness, Pains in Head, Back, Chest, Shoulders and Limbs, Female Weakue s, Bearing Down Pains and ail those ailments from which women suffer. It cures after all other remedies have failed.
I guarantee a cure if I say I can
Ins rumantt, Drums, Uniforms. Etc
XL
V
Ulcers and Ronnie g f ores
cure.
I don’t ask anyone to take chances on my invention.
It doesn’t cost you anything if I
s
Large Boxes 253. Druggists, or Cileadlns Qo., Toronto
¦ i Dominion Une Steamships
fail.
prosit commenced with a stifT-
I don’t ask any man to buy inv appliance on a speculation. I know that it will cure theme troubles and I want my pay only when t fw euro is complete. I don’t ask you to try it one month, nor two months, but long enough to cure you, and when I have cured you you can pay me. If I fail in my task it's my loss, not yours, ^ll you lose is your time, and if my Belt fails to cure you you will have the satisfaction of knowing that the best, strongest and finest electric boffy appliance in the world—one with 50,000 cures to its credit—has -M	m ¦_ failed, and that there I* no cure for you in
electricity. Remember, my terms are PAY WHEN CURED.
C2Si 3J"B*6fiBeware °* concerns offering a ihin piece of felt at-v svr ù	as a substitute for my cushion electrodes.
These cheap coverings are used only to disguise their bare metal blistering electrodes. They have to ho soaked In water, which quickly dries and leaves them without current. My cushion electrodes are my exclusive invention and cannot be imitated.
¦¦ ¦	___¦	Communication has just been __
could not move either of my arms or I tablished by wireless telegraphy with
mniin	tTTT/>	iiegs' ,havin8: IoSt aI1 power in them, the meteorological station on the
nu from two three-penny pieces.	I could not have raised iny arms to	Lugspitze,	in	Germany,	which	lying
Fiom the	same quantity of diver a	my head to save my life. For over	at 9,870	feet	above	the	sea	is
toast rack, cruet, jug, stand, and four months I could not stand or | highest in the world.
tray have	been evolved. Mention	, walk alone a single step. I doctored
may also	be made Of the three»*#*-	with all the local doctors, and then
n.v piece in which a hole has been with a Bowmanvillc doctor. Each I M,Vw»*sLoweSo©rni*a Srsur hu bees uMd b»
» iZsiïf vïsvi h :: % - „r; tsrfssr. sSSS-S-sss
one three-penny piece got.	I	Twenty-ire «nu *b<,uu.
ther# is & complet# coffee-.service and	At lost the Bowmanville doctor I •**»***»«. Wiaai«w‘sso<mu»oMrmnr.”nu
tray, all fashioned out of the smallest coin of the realm, while out of throe such coins a tea service and tray has been made ¦Ion Mr

TEA-SEIÏVICK AND TRAY


the
aieUrtU, Mille ft Co, 77dUuBL.Be«
D. Torrenoo ft Cv..
P«r Over Sixty Years
I
SPELT2-
^ Whet In Itt
yfrv c&wog
1 gives Rich,
Et
made from
FARM
SEEDS!
1,000,00 ’ jstomera
told mo that nothing could be done
for me unless I went to the hospital	M HI I IH
in Toronto where they might perhaps I mower uses a five-foot scythe, have some later treatment for par- cu* ^2 acres of grass In alysis which would lit my case. 11 hour8, went there toward the end of J&nu-
Tho newest
automobile
and
On one occa-Sibbald lost one oi his spoons, and although he searched for
nine
BSSSSSua
¦ ¦	»¦ — ¦	———11 When washing greasy dishes or pots
,te,inss jKKJSsà a.w zs&azArc
to the continuous coil or spiral *pni«g. No. 7	| greatest ease.
ordinary No. 7 wire will only stand a strain of 1,700 pounds Common wirewh^a coiled will -'rn vht.-n out with the first strain and so. Page fences are now vary cheap, and you k n ow they have always been the best. Page it?ness need by all Canadian railways.
Jjj f an- W>r« C,, , LmdrO tft/aikervino. Oat, 4
If you have one of these old-style, blistering belts I will take it in trade for one of mine. I do this not that the old belt is of any use, for it Is not, but to establish the value of my goods with people who have been misled by the false claims of concerns selling a cheap, worUilesa article. If you cannot call and test the current write for my beautiful illustrated Book, sent sealed FREE.
DR. M. D MoLAUCHLIN, 130 Yonge Street, Toronto, Ont.
Office Hour*-9a.m. to6 put. Wednesday* and Saturday* to 19) pm.
$10 WORTH FOR IBc
Wt will m$M IMS tweffri ef mjmirnmm
00• ' # » ' * • - a .. - ’ -M 4 : eo #0
©
o

araçr£
The Emperor William of Germany owns 260 farms.
/

y

•M
d »t oooe.
Mlnard's Liniment Cures, Colds, etc
^7
A P. " Tw,t»r






###PAGE###7###
m	"Thwe are all treasures," she
• said. "My mothae left nothing moro."
"They are quite enough to establish your identity," said Mr. Kent, who, at Lord Hale's urgent request, remained for the evening.
Lord Lisle held them in his hand. How vividly he remembered the day he had placed that ring on hie wife's finger, and her pretty, happy pride when ho gave her the locket.
"Margaret," ho said, "I will give you whatever you ask, if you will give me this locket and ring. Your mother's face rises before me as 1 gaze upon them. You shall have diamonds a queen might envy, if you give me these."
She looked at him with a bright smile.
"They are yours," she said, gently ; "even ns I am yours—because they belonged to my mother. No diamonds, however valuable, could pay for them."
Then a scene took place which gratified Rita's ambition. Lord Lisle assembled his servants and dependents, and formally introduced their young mistress, telling, in brief clear words the story of her loss and recovery. Mrs. Markham was there, and a half fear, . half dread passed through Rita's mind, as Lord Lisle said, with a smile :
My daughter bus altered since you saw her last, and, Mrs. Markham, is there any feature you recognize ?"
"None, my lord," she replied. "I remember her mother's face vividly, but 1 cannot recall Miss Lisle's."
It was an evening of triumph unmarred by one drawback.
Lord Lisle talked much to Margaret of her foster-sister. Ho was charmed with her replies, although he wondered much that she showed no great pleasure when ho avowed his intention of adopting her.
"You must lay aside this heavy mourning to-morrow," said Lord Lisle. "My mother has taken cure to provide you with a trousseau. I shall add Jewelry to your taste."
When the darkness and silence of night had fallen over the Hall, while ' | Lord Lisle dreamed of his dead wife and living child, Margaret said to . .herself : "It was a brilliant play, ° and I acted my part well."
(To 13c Continued).
CURE FOR SMALLPOX.
t on land and crops manured with this | Used With Success in Paris During I material
T University Experiment station ex- The si8ter|l jn thttrg. v st. Jos-perlmented on accurately measured	Fcmftle orphan A ay I,no, at Se-
plons to determine, » possible if ve„th un(J s streets, l'hiiadet-shavinBs when used as bedding, in- h, are in %celpt of many letters urod the quality o the manure or dal| „	J who 8uvk inform».
the crop. One stall was bedded t|oa concerning the preparation with pme shavings the other with which ,8 Sieved by the sisters to be
cut straw, in equal weights. he ft preventative against smallpox and horses were changed every day. a„ other contugiou8 diseases
alii I1H |p^;
correspondent	“ lmrnt w™ =<irrled on ,or about four not had on(! faHC of smBll„ox in our
¦*|1
***
ipSO£P H=ëEf
tion of clean wheat straw for high priced hay, increased my concentrated portion of the ration and not only had a profit from selling hay and buying meal, but got more milk from the change of food.
I do not mean that, the farmer at large shall cease using straw for bedding, for whatever feeding value we may know it contains the fact remains that, we have no material on the farm that is as cheap for bedding traw . g};]z^'|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||jj|||||||||||i||||||||||||^^ should not use it so wastefully.
Straw as it comes from the thresher is not a good absorbent of liquids.
Nature made it strong, resistant and practically indurated for its and the seed’s protection, and until the straw is crushed or cut: or its organism in some way broken, it takes up very little moisture, and os an agent for the conservation of liquid excrement it is nearly useless run through the cutter so that it is cut and haggled and crushed, and it is no longer impervious to moisture
!mt
i FOR FARMERS !
he Fatal Dower I
L •
Au £piden.'C.
Some years ago Cornell
i
Seasonable and Profitable Hints for the Busy Tillers of the So|l.
t
OK

"HE DESTRUCTION OF A PROUD SPIRIT.
WHEAT STRAW
A fow
Wheat ft raw is the moat extensively used material
SYNOPSIS Ot PRECEDING
Cl I Al'TEHS.—Margaret Howard, on the evo of departure to Join her se-•cretly married husband, leaves her child with Susan Hivers and is drowned at sea. Susan rears the child, Daisy, as her ownL and dies. Her daughter, Margaret, alone knows Daisy's secret. Lord Lisle seeks his child he has never seen.
knew that In a few minutes he should see Margaret's child again.
There was a murmur of excitement ns the carriage stopped at the Hall door. Those who waited i-here saw a tall, stately lady descend. There was no faltering in her proud bearing ; there was no emotion on the beautiful face as they bent before her In lOWly greeting.
Mrs. Wyvorno stepped forward, and clasped the graceful figure in her

Buys «me of tho "In all that time wo huvo
# »

being wasted,



n

CHAPTER IX
arm».
"Let me be the first to welcome you home," she sold. "I am your father’s mother, Margaret, and you must learn to love me."
You are very kind," Margaret said, gently ; then, turning to Philip Lisle, she naked father ? Let mo see him soon."
Mrs. Wyverno took her hand, and led her through a long suite of magnificent rooms. ' They reached tho library door at last, and she rapped gently.
"Como in !" said n low, hoarse voice, unlike any she had ever heard.
tio in alone, dear child," said Mrs. Wyverno. "Try and calm your father—he Is not strong."
Rita opened tho door. Tho room was very long, and dim in the gray evening light ; but at tho upper end she saw a figure with outstretched, trembling arms.
In fancy she had often rehearsed that scene. The reality had come at length.
She walked quickly up the long room and threw herself into the clasp of those loving arms.
"My father," she said gently have I found you at last ?"
But ho had no such calm words for her ; his agitation was see. Deep sobs seemed to strong heart ; tears dropped from his eyes ; he clasped her in his arms as though even death should not part them again.
"My darling," he said—"my little
who was anxious to encourage matrimony among the peasants on his estate. He undertook to provide each bridegroom with tobacco supplies for
life and each bride with four pairs of I When so prepared, half the quantity gloves per annum. The generous of- of straw will produce better results 1er acted like a charm, and very soon both In absorbing liquids and keep-there was scarce a single bachelor ing the animals clean than can he se-remaining on tho nobleman's vast ca- cured when the long straw is used, late.
There was no rest or sleep there that night for the young girl, Whosq» succeeded beyond her most
doubt word ; to tEF skillful lawyer, the trained detective, or the handsome cousin, who appeared to know the
stood alone in her room that night, her heart .thrilled with triumph. Fate itself seemed to have played her hands. All she had ever
Bis-
plan*
sanguine expectations. No hud been thrown upon her suspicion came
* #
no
Where is iny
I «
i *
world so well. As she
Into
wished for—rank, wealth, position—
in'her grasp. Her good
For an infant, 10 drops foi
f time, and foi
were now fortune bewildered her Yet, as she stood hours of her
# t
there, in the triumph, solemn
very
words, spoken long ago by her dead mother, carné back to her. Did an »vil deed not retribution,
¦overtake
sacred trust, and usurped rights belonging to another ?
"Could evil prosper ?" again and again she asked herself the question —her beautiful face becoming graver with every repetition.
"In my case it will !” she said, proudly. "1 have conquered circumstances, and will conquer evil and make it my good.”
Far into the night she sat with Mrs. Feme, telling the details of the story she had made her own.
"And now it turns out,” she said, "that my father is a rich nobleman, and not only anxious to see me, hut ready to give his whole fortune for the purpose of finding me.”
"1 always thought it,” said Mrs. Feme. "You were never like poor Susan, or Daisy, cither.”
"I have one charge to leave with said Margaret, after a few of deep silence. "Do you that evening, soon after
"We usually repeat this treatment once a month when smallpox is epi domic. It is the best medicine, wi think, in cases of smallpox. Thi My cow barn is only 14 feet wide. I face may be bathed with it, thus pro I thought it best	to	have but	one \ venting scars.	I	know of one	ensi
manger, writes Mr.	G.	G. Gibbs.	A in which a	mab sent for	tin
row of studs are placed 3 feet 10 in- | medicine, as his wife had smallpox ches from the east side of the stable She took it all night, the eruption and the studs are 3 feet 4 inches i having almost disappeared in thi from centre to centre. To each side ! morning.
of each stud is bolted a j-inch iron ! "The digitalis kills the germs ol rod, and midway between each two j disease that may be in the system studs a cow is fastened by an ordin- j The zinc purifies the blood. Komi ary cow-tie, secured	by chains	to 1 doctors object	to	the digitalis	be
rings, which slide	up	and down	the ! cause it acts	on	the hmrt.	Oi
rods. By this arrangement the cow | course, the medicines must he taker has much liberty and yet is securely with care as the medicines are aower fastened and cannot disturb the ani- ful.
mais adjoining her. When she lies ".Some people complain that it down the chains slide down the rods makes them sick. This is bccaust and she can lay her head by her their systems are not in good con diside. When she gets up the chains tion. slide up tho rods and she can lick herself on any part of her body. Still she has no more forward and backward movement than if she were in a rigid stanchion.
The front of the manger is merely the foundation wall of the building and the bottom is cement, which slopes gently from the wall toward the row of studs. Fourteen inches from the studs it drops 2 inches and
TUIIE WATER NECESSARY.	Jatform''on wUch the tow^stan J !'»
The watering accommodation for well as the floor behind them is the swine should be the first thing ea,*th. I expect to have both the considered in laying out the hog floor and gutter behind them made yard or pasture. The pumped water, of cement. In front of the cows oval 1 things considered, is the best and cry 15 feet is a window containing
||	12 glasses, and behind them, next
the celling, is a window of three glass between every alternate pair of studs.
ever prosper long ? Did sooner or later, those who betrayed a
CATTLE IN STABLES
l 4
But J do moan that wo
pitiful *¦ shake his
MARRIAGE ENCOURAGED.
It is doubtful whether any inducement to marriage was more rnniark-
We are not opposed to vaccination. You can vaccinate as often as you please. It will be useless, however, if you have taken this medicine The vaccination will not 'take/
We have 130 children here now. When one is brought we give her the medicine promptly. Although they come from all over tho city, we never have a contagious disease within our doors.”
* t
Heaven, I hold you in my arms again 1” Ho released her then and looked at her. "How beautiful you arc 1” he said, proudly. "You have not your mother's sweet face and calm, tender eyes. You are beautiful, like some of tho ladies of our race who shone fairest among the fa r I Speak to mo again, my darling f Let me heftr if you have your mother's voice ?”
"I fear you will be disappointed in me,” she said. "I am not like my mother ; Susan Rivers told me so. She was fair and gentle ; 1 am dark like you.”
"She had dark hair,” said Lord Lisle ; "not black, like yours—dark and soft, like the wing of some rare bird. Oh, Margaret ! I have never seen you since you were a little baby and 1 held you in my arms. What years of happiness I have lost !—but not through my fault—not my fault. My heart has longed for you, darling—1 have thirsted for one look at your face—I would have given my life to find you—bqt all longing seemed vain.”
She knelt by his side, and spoke gentle words that soothed him—of the happiness in store for them—of Margaret thought, as she stood in I the long yéurs they might yet spend her room that night, watching the | together ; and no remorse startled pale stars shining in the quiet sky, her for the false words that were that the future lay smiling before passing her lips.
her. Ralph Ashton had been her Time seemed to fly ; but Lord only fear. Perhaps he might never iLisle was roused from his trance by, even should he come to seek | a gentle rap at the door.
Come in, mother,’’ he said,
tune would convince him that all I must not be selfish ; let mo share my further acquaintance was impossible, happiness. Is Philip there ? Come The cold, ambitious heart felt no in# Philip ; I have much to thank pang of regret at the true love she | y0u for. Como and bid my beloved
child thrice welcome homo.”
They vied with each other who with critical attention on the follow- I should be the kindest and most at-
But let it be
you,” minutes remember
mv poor nurse’s death, a young man came here to—to say 'good-bye' to me, before he went to sea ? Should you know him were you to see him
again ?"	*
"Yes,” replied Mrs. Feme, could never forget his dark face.” "Ho will come again,” said Marin three years’
4 4
"I
HOW THEY GOT HIM OUT.
The doctor complained that he could do nothing with his patient. "It's easy ‘ to be seen he's only shamming. He finds his present abode too pleasant—no • work and plenty to eat. 1 wish 1 could get the fellow out,” so said the hospital doctor to an attendant.
Well,” said the attendant, "will you lend me a few yards of string and you can bet your boots lie'll be miles axvay before night?”
You're not going to strangle him, I hope?” said the doctor.
"Leave it to me,” he replied. "I'll do no injury to him.”
He went to the fellow's bed.
Very bad?” asked the attendant.
"Oh, yes, I’m dreadful sick.
The attendant made no further remark, but placed one end of the string at his head and drew it very slowly to his feet. Then he measured him across the chest. The fellow looked horrified and gasped:—
"What's this for?”
He received no answer and the attendant walked away, when the man sat bolt upright and called after him for an explanation. The attendant pretended to relent, and, walking up to him whispered:—
"My poor fellow, the doctor knows you’ll not recover, and it’s very expensive keeping you here. I fancy ho will put a little poison in your food to-morrow to put you out of misery. He just asked me to measure you for a coffin. We'll bury you with nil respect to-morrow or the day following.”
No one knew how or when tho shamming invalid got clear of the hospital, but there was no trace of him next morning.	.
y
goret “It may 1 time—perhaps sooner. When he comes tell him my story—tell him that my own father has claimed me, and that it will be better for him to , forget me, as he will never see me again. No matter what he says—no matter what he offers you—neither tell him my name, nor whore I am. 1 will reward you handsomely if you manage this well.”
Mrs. Kerne understood perfectly.
"He shall never know your real name, or whore you live, from me/' she said. "Make your mind easy about that. He cannot know them . from* anyone else.”

'ft If
safest. The well can be located so as to be free from all drainage of the lot or surroundings. It can be fenced, fitted up and made dry and solid for some distance around the pump. The troughs can be located on a dry cemented floor, or broken stone that can bo flushed frequently and thus kept free from the. usual hog yard filth. The .trough should be guarded to keep out all filth, or MISSES’ FIVE-GORED FLARE watering tanks used. The purpose .	SKIRT.	of cleanliness can be carried out by
The skirt that fits snugly about anyone who wills to do it. tho hips and flares freely at the feet The damage resulting from forcing is in the height of style for young swine to drink impure, filthy water girls as well ns for their elders. This must be impressed upon the mind of admirable model includes all the lab- every hog raiser. When this is done, est features and will be found satis- then there will be a way devised to factory in every way. As shown the supply the swine with pure water.
I material is broad cloth in tobacco Look over your hog lots and see 1 1 brown, but all cloths and cheviots what the condition of the water is as well as all the lighter weight that they are forced to use. If the wools and silks are appropriate. hogs are wading around in mud The skirt is cut in five gorbs that knee deep and go. to a muddy trough being tho most • becoming of all 0r ihudhole to get a drink, you can styles. Each gore is carefully shaped depend upon It that they are forced and widens ns it approaches the to unnatural conditions and sooner
4	A1_	4	.,___ ,	..	..	... floor to give the fashionable flare, or later you will be the loser by a
tog morning as they were starting on tentivo, until, at length Mrs. Wy- Thc Alness at the back is laid in in- scourge of cholera or similar disease.
tin il journey. There was nothing verne started up, saving . How y^ted plaits that are quite flat, but The raising of hogs is one of the
un lady-like in the ong black drew totally unused we arc to young produce graceful fulness at the low- best money-making lines of the stock
ami sweeping mantilla. The superb ladies ! Margaret has never had er edgc where tho skirt falls in be- business connected with agriculture, beauty of the southern face shone time to remove her bonnet. Come comjng folds
eut brightly from amid the clouds of	with me, dear child ; I will show	To *ut thlg gkirt for a g|rl of 14	.	^
bl”ck-	YD" the rooms your father has ar-	your8 of oge 4j yards of material 21	take	care 0f it and It will continue
He looked to see if she wept on ranged for you. We found you a inchee wide. 44 yards 32 inches to uav. 0ne of the surest means of lcaymg the humble homo that had maid yesterday-one I think you will wido> 2Î yards 44 inches wide, or 24 doin- thia is to look after the water-
SSSSaSiJSSC	u* - H„ daughter , S" — - "" »	~
lustrous eyes.	' his arms again.	_______4______ Indnlnntvnfit
It was a wonderful journey for ”1 shall feel anxious every mo-	anu p,enty
Rita. She liked the deferential horn- ment you are out of my sight/’
age of her three companions, who said. "Make haste, Margaret.”	The Japanese do not use milk,
treated her as though she had been The two ladles quitted the room Cows being almost unknown ih Ja-a princess. She liked the admiration together. Then Lord Lisle, turning pan. Milk, an animal product, falls her beautiful face excited. She liked to his nephew said : "How beauti- under tho condemnation which exbeing called "Miss Lisle,” and hear- ful she is, Philip—how dignified and dudes everything that has pertained tog of her father’s prestige, and the graceful I Her voice is like music, to life from the list of articles used grandeur of his race.	Who can have taught her such man-	for fOGd. Animals taken in the chase
The day was drawing near its close	ners ? Her accent is as refined as	aro excepted, as are fish. The Ja-
when they reached the Hall.	Tho	my owm, I am as	much surprised as	panCse mother nurses her own child,
evening gloaming was quiet	and	pleased.”	M	"	continuing sometimes up to the sixth
calm ; a gray shadow seemed to	rest	"She is very	beautiful,	said	ycar> though other food is given in
upon tho world ; the flowers were Philip ; "but she does not resemble addition after the first or second all sleeping, and the birds had gone you at all. Her nurse was a supe- year. The main food of the Japan-to rest.	rior woman, and appears to have ^ mother consists of rice. fish.
A bright flush rose to Margaret’s strained every nerve to give both gbellflah and seaweed. Wine or alco-face as they caught sight of the Hall girls a good education. Miss Lisle h j,0jjc products are never used, Medi-rlsing proudly from among tho lux- foster-sister has gone abroad as a caj men think that the large use of uriant trees.	governess to some	young lady.	the products of the sea is the reason
“That is Lisle Court,” said Philip	"She must return, then,	said	wky rachitis is unknown. Of course,
to his cousin. "There is not a fair- Lord Lisle. "I will do to her as her the Japanese know nothing about cr, prouder home in England. Lord good and generous mother did to my gutter, cream, cheese, etc., but they Lisle awaits you there impatient- child. She shall he Margaret s sis- mako ftn excellent substitute from a ly.”	ter still—in more than name.	bean, rich not only in oil, but also
That evening was long remembered That evening Lord Lisle seemed to jn nitrogenous elements. Yet con-by those who lived at the Hall. Lord	regain all his lost strength and	gumption is common among the up-
Lisle wished his daughter to be re-	energy. His mother looked on him
ceived with all the honors due to with eyes full of happy tears.
ra iW'cvss ifrJfisitSsSx?
~ VT*	nr..» « »«
«real state and grandeur ; but Lord	etory-the letters written by Mar-
•8luu,d M *" —-	uss
% ^5w es i	%
•hall remain In my study Bring her so grieved to leave behind her to me, and leave us alone "	She »howed the quaint ring with
»• «at there while the sun set In	its legend : "No love out of tWs
£ ss s srs.'SK	....
At length	carriage wheels, and of hie wife.

4 •

PACK BUTTER WITH CARE.
Butter for shipment or for the homo market should have much greater care than is usually given at the farm dairy. Of course thc size and kind of package will depend upon the demands of the customers. If tubs are wanted see that the butter is put in solidly
smoothed off evenly by means of a straight edge or wire then spread over the top of the tub, and a light layer of salt is sprinkled over the. cloth. If prints are wanted, see that they are carefully and neatly made and wrapped in parchment paper and carefully pack-Use special care with small packages designed for custom trade.
%
4 4

4 4
The top may be
A cloth is
return
her, the.wonderful change in her for-
ed
was throwing away.
Philip Lisle looked at his cousin
SIR ERNEST CASSEL
Sir Ernest Cassel, who has placed the sum of $1,000,000 in the hands of King Edward for the purpose of building a sanitarium to treat, consumption and to make experiments in the art of healing that disease, is an immensely wealthy merchant of London who was knighted in 1889. He has a town house in Grosvcnor Square and a country seat, called Dal by Hall, near Melton Mowbray, the hunting headquarters in Leices-
<‘rsh:ireHHip^^HiHHIH^PHQ
one of the richest individuals in the United Kingdom. When his daughter was married, he gave her a dowry which yieldk her an immense income, and at his death she will inherit, it is said, an estate worth in the neighborhood of $60,000,ooo
knighted for his liberality to
but it must not be abused by ne-
If it pays.
or carelessness
17,926,210 English people live in towns, against 11,076,315 in the country.
Professor—"Mr Chumpy, I am anxious, for your father's sake, to break the long list of demerit marks you have won here. Do you think you will ever learn anything? Chumpy—"No, sir.” Professor— "Mark Mr. Chumpy as having correctly answered all thc questions put to him this lesson.”
This merchant knight is
JAPANESE FOOD HABITS
he
SAWDUST AS MANURE
Since thc use of silage has become so general, and with it the feeding of cut straw along with tho silage, the question of getting sufficient bedding for the stock has become Fof growing importance. In many cases
and shavings have been
sawdust has
9 #
Cassel
was
charitable undertakings in general. ITis new donation will greatly aid the poor.
saw d us
largely used, in been shipped long distances by rail
How to Know La Grippe.
*!•
The Symptoms and Dangers of This Deadly Disease Which le Driving oo Many to Bede of Moknees—Effective J K	Treatment by
Dr. Chase’s Famous Remedies.
depressed spirits and weakness and debility of the body.	...	____
With tho very young and very old and with persons of low vitality, the dangers of la grippe are or \ g eat.
per classes In Japan. Mountainers are, however, exempt from tuberculosis. Yet Japanese arc a small people, smallness with them being a race characteristic.
system
endure—paralysis or prostration follows	-¦
The most successful doctors advise their patients to avoid exposure to cold or over-exertion, and inend both general and local treatment, such as Dr. Chase's Nerve Food, to strengthen and tone the s\ Mem and Dr Chase's Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine to loosen the cough and protect the broncliiol	cui«
lungs from threatened complications.	. , .	_
Any honest and conscientious doctor will tell you that this combined treatment recommended by Dr. Çhaas
cannot be surpassed as a means of relieving and curing la grippe, and restoring the weakened and debiliUlmd
body to its accustomed vigor. Dr. Chase’s Syrup of Linseed and Turpentine is too well known as a cure for
bronchitis and severe chest colds to need comment. Dr. Chase s Nerve Food seeks out the weak spots in the
system and builds them up. It rekindles the vitality of persons weakened by disease, worry or ovqr^KTtion.
and cannot possibly be equalled as a restorative and reconstructant to hasten recovery from la grippe, |
to prevent serious constitutional complications. For sale by cJl dealers, or Edmanson, bate# & ComL-.u**,
Toronto.	*
ALL IN THE FAMILY.
Adams—"Do yeu believe it is a sign of good luck to find a horseshoe on the road?"
Johnson—"Of course; It is a sign of good luck for some blacksmith.”
The total rental paid by British tenants is 49 millions a year, that by I Scotch tenants 7 millions.


###PAGE###8###
E. HODGINS 4 SON’S A DVT.
Splendid Chance
for Everybody !
Spring* 1902
You’d hardly think it, yet it is quite true that
This great sale of Gloves, Mitts, Overshoes and Felt Goods offers rare money-saving
opportunities.
McGUIRE, THE TAILOR,
We are Daily Receiving
New Goods.
ii ii
it ii
tin
n n
will make it interesting for
anyone in need of a suit or overcoat during January.
REMEMBER


«
Only Two Weeks more and we will close Sale. |
Do not put off but
Delay is dangerous, come at once to
Our Prints
Muslins
9
P. S.—Pit guaranted.
Store.
The Shawville
Boot and Shoe
»
Ginghams
and Sateens
M. STEWART.
Farm Help Wanted.
The Barondale Veterinary Njedicines.
Accession Oath.
PETITION AtiAlNST CHAKOl PREF1NTEMN
BRITISH COMMONS
London. February 25. - In the House of commons today, the Ri^ht Hon. J. W. Mellor, Liberal member lor the S •*-erby division of York hire, presented s petition 'from the colony of .Victoria, besting 1*8,866 signature*, protesting against any attempt to tamper with the a a'utory declaration of the King < n hia to the throne under the bill of rights. Mr. Mellor presented other peii-ti ns t#> a like effect from the colonies of Now Zealand, Canada and the West Indies and British subject* in India, China, Jerusalem and the ontinent of Europe aud within England itself to the number of 284,647 ; from Scotland, 66, 000 ; Iieland, 16,000, and Wales, 6,
Mr. Metier’s chief activity in Parliament is in fa tor of the abolition of the the bishop# veto and the defence of Protea tan l is in with the Church <f England,
Are now in stock and we will have much pleasure in shewing them.
Wanted, fer general farm help, man and wife without children, f ermanent
Rutledge P. O.. Que.

Horses for Sale.

We expect a large trade in Ladies’ Blouses. Our new stock ready for inspection.
The undeniigned ham for male three
IS-1’" '"•MtIhK '
Calumet Inland, Que
After Using
Before Using
What We Claim for our Cough and Distemper Cure.
ÊmÊimmm
the avstem so that no bad results follow.
iJWljES «MSlSSS&ti SSE ntS'rX
Condition Powders and Anodyne Liniment.
For sale at—
O'Hears Bros', Bryson ;
T. S 0. tyMiMMu t, Campbell» Buy ;
J. L Cahill », Cale»et Island ; I _
accession

QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
- A N D-
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION RYS.
PRICES AND QUALITIES
ALWAYS RIGHT.
870
J. F. Cronaus, Ladysmith Silas Yeung s, Starks Comers.
Wm. Moore s, Otter Lake ;
Winter Time Card.
O. N. A W. RAILWAY.
Train No. 1 leave»Ottawa, Ont., 4.46, P.M. . “	" arrivesGraeefleld, Q. 8.20, P.M.
Train No. 2 leavesGracefleld, Q., 6.20, A M “	•• arrives Ottawa, Ont., 9.46. A.M
W. H. Lucas', Caldwell
Drug Store, Shawville ;
Took Out Man's Brain
E. HODGINS & SON.
New York, Feb. 28. —Io me of the most remarkable operations known to surgery, says a Baltimore specie! to the World, the brain of the Ret. W’rn. A. Stark, pastor of the Broadway Oerroan Methodnt Episcopal church of this city, hat been actually lifted Iron» its bed and the roots of ceitaio nerves that bad caused the clergyman excessive neuralgia were extracted. The patient *e said to have stood the operation well, and few double of hie recovery ere entertained. The operation was performed at th<. Johns HvpktPt- hoapit»'.
were captured, as vers 461 men. One officer and 106 men have since been released. Kitchener makes no mention of the lose of guns. Secretary of War Brod-rick, referring to this matter in the House of Commons, said the British casualties were 120.
The heavy casualties, the apparent lea* of two guns, and the capture of neatly 600 British troop* by Boers near Klerks-do'p, dull the en^hoaaigo) caused by the of Genet#! Kitchener's MCPpd big drive. The prisoners dopbtleep will be
News of the War.
Gen. Erench To Advance Again et
Cape Colony Bngande
Pretoria Feb, 26.—General French has inaugurated a move against the B era in Cape Colony similar to that recently adopted by Lord Kitchener against De Wet s forces. Great interest attaches to this advance against the combined comman*
mïkbut -hr .rm. »re gon,.
homo jn the northwestern pirt of Wtstern Cepe Polony, The strength of the evemy jj ffPjtnowPi bpt it iS probably rot less
than 1,666, meny of wfiom,	*re I
¦aid to be unarmed rebels. Commandant.
Martiz, in anticipation of Biitish advance, has been sending large quantities of grain
into Bushmin L&D	and
j>artlw gnsurveyed region bounded on the t by Namaqualand and on the north by the Orange River. It is expected that the Boers will retire into the district, where pursuit will be difficult and campaigning very arduous owing to the
scarcity of water.
P. P. .1. RAILWAY
Train No. 1 leave* Ottawa . “	= M arrive* Waltham,
Train No. 2 leaves Waltham : m : " arrives Ottawa,

6.15, P. M
6.36, P.M 7.00 AM 10.15 A.M
Lx*
(Selling Out I
eucctsi
P, W.RESSEMAN
Cen. Pass- Agent-
;
Marconi's Plane
St. James’ Debt
HONG KEE,
WILL SPEND SEVERAL W111C» AT. CATS
BESTOW *

PROSPECTS OP FINALLY RELIEVING THE . VHVECH OF ITS HEAVY LIABILITY
Come in for Bargains
in all lined.
CHINESE LAIPHY,
Leaden F.bru.r, 24-Soe»' sf(er
fcSK’Èi.y-s
riverai weeks in surveying the 66àsl of Cape Breton, where he proposes to eons truei à pertnentnl wireless telegraph Bis tion, which will probably be the principal station in North America. Its establish ment will entail prolonged labor, but Signor Marconihopee, duringtbesumroer, to conduct Its e preliminary to inagur-aling a commercial serf ice.
*^„tr6â>, Feb. 26-A» the ,)»slOiât teriK «»f the Rev. Dr. Williams in bt J»mee Methodist church terminates next June, the quarterly hoard met last night to invite a pastor. The plan adopted ie to have the Rtv. Mr. Graham, ai tuperm-tendent of the circuit, to devote hie time to canvassing the conferences in Western Ontario in the interests cf the church, and bis colleague to be responsible for the pulpit and pastoral work of the church A committee on pulpit supply was appointed.
The Methodist laymen of Toronto have generously volunteered to assist to put St. James’church in a financial position Ottawa, February 26—The organisa-which will assure the final success of the tion of the Atlantic Pulp and Paper Corn-effort, of the last four years. The condi- pinp which has been going on for some tioue upon which their sid is to be given months has been completed. The capital are accepted by the trustees of St. James $3,000,000. W. C. Edwards M. P., # church, and this new effort Etaits under President of the Boaid of Directors, hopeful auguries. Hopei were expressed which includes Mr. Lyman, of the whole that the new impulse given at the con gale drug firm of Lyman and Co., Mont-ference in June, 1901, will, by the end real and Mr. Wardrobe of Montreal, of this conference year, in June next, Lumberman.
very materially lessen the debt remaining The purposes cf the company are to aeon the church property. The returns to quire the limits waterpower, saw mill and the local treasurer in the conferences, as eo forth of the New R chroond Lumber well as t > the general treasurers, Rev. Dr. Company, situated on the north side of Williams and J. A. Mathews^n, jr., in- the Bay of Chaleur, in the county of spire anticipation of go>d financial reru'is Bonaventure, Que , and to erect mills for f r the current e«.cV$ leal vear	the manufacture of pulp and paper.
I
fleii doçr ty MUff A, McRae s,
I
Main Street, - ShawviUe-

wee
laiundry work of all kinds done in first o)ass style.
Everything Must Co !
/
We Mean Business I

AH EXPENSIVE RUSH.
London, Feb. 26.-Lord Kitchener re, porta that «00 Boers driving cattle rushed the outpost line near Bo;hasberg. Trans ?»al colony, during the night cf February 23 and that some of them got through. The Boers left 16 dead and fi wounded on
the field.
J\ Pointer
New Pulp and Paper Company
1
ARMSTRONG BROS

If you are engaged in any kind of business you make a
mistake if you do not invest a dollar or two with
¦1
RRITIKH PEOPLE ÀLARMKD
London, Feb. 27.-The twenty first anniversary of Majuba and the second of CJronje*s surrender at Faardeberg finds Eng and spprsbensive with regard to the latest news from South Africa. Lord Kitchener's two telegrams, which published this morning, fail to give sufficient details for adequate comment, but it is feared that there has been a serious British reverse in the Western Transvaal, and that at lesal 4b0 mefl and two guns have been captured. The Sghtlng <>ccurrt<1 rear BJerkftdorp iu Delarey e country.
LADYSMITH.

are
Your
tm 6,000 cam»-	A Tragedy in Men Veal
London, Feb. W- Tté aitack made by	.	-
¦¦
left 170 dead or wounded horses and the flimee wore extinguished she was serious- spread the u nease.
"*• h"u " 6'w "" " toSttts irvrasrasi »» um,«r s»:».®.» a».	. he took a dose of carbolic acid. Neigh-	gom Back.
London, Feb. 28.—The war secretary, I ^org w^0	rushed in on hearing the
Mr. Brodriek, announced in the houw of Ltielofthe WOman, immediately aum-	,	_ .	0, t. u nnA„.
=saS=
L-nlon, March l.-Genera! Kitchener drooth	”” o( re8p,J„„bi!ity may hare .erioo.
The Printer
Ottawa e Protest
•s
Watch
Needs
Cleaning
to show people what you are doing.

Î*
y
0

•III*
WE PRINT
t
X
Envelopes. Letter Heads, Bill Heads, Statements, Cards, Ac. at moderate cost and do the work well. Try a sample order.
I
l
If R has # been cleaned inside of 18 Months-
ALBM8 GROUNDLESS
t
t
u
V
th
give all repairs our personal supervision
and guarantee satisfaction or your money back. Out of every 10 watches spoiled 9 are spoiled by incompetent watchmakers—not by the wearers.
¦1 .
"P
ere
The Equity.I WljYTE - TFjE WATCHN|AKER - SHAWWLLE.
