###PAGE###1###

*
f
%
f
y
r
Voi. XVI, No. 25
SHAW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P.Q., THURSDAY,
WM. GAMBLE,
DEC. 15. 1898.
! o.. D.î™cjvzt;o.v„
THE HERGHANTS’ BANK
Are you using Dowd) Flour 1	LOST.- Between lUdford sud Bryson
Ouna, rifles and sromtinition.	•holJt W<h Oct., a bag of carpet rags.
’ J, H.	Shaw	*mder "ill oblige by leaving at this office,
»	takM plM* .t B»7-	...... “
*°n °“ TaatdMr D,*ht* f” »	Tb. inWrm.nt of th„ 1st, Mr.. J.mW
Mr. W. J. Starke -.shipped a	car-load	Whelen of Portage do Fort, took place in
of settle here on Saturday	the Methodist burial ground here on Fri-
day afternoon, in presence of a large con course of relatives and sympathetic friends.
fatten, all of u* your friends, having learned with extreme regret, that your connectlen with the Anglican Mlaslon at Portage du Fori Is severed, are nnwllllng to allow yon to leave, without giving some tangible es-pression to our high appreciation of your worth, both as » Christian minister and as a gentleman of coltureand refinement.
Hlr, the members of your congregation here, can most truthfully seaert, that your ministry cannot be blamed, through your having given offence In anything which you •erved In the Cause among them, and the general and genuine fee ling of regret so prevalent In oar little world, gives evidence of the ^blameless Ilfs and sy m pa t belle demeanor
o**	. a— |ha£-5^^sts|^ssaaÆ,aF,“ «sshs
stock ever brought into the county.	OtiBtpsay#	your own congregation, bur ibey take leave
. .	__ to make thla an exceptional case, feeling
######
.ZJk «aîtfB SSSS^St&sVs. 32iRs3S3SS3r&i
returned, and taken tip practise here Pfolhunotary in open court on Wed ties- and also thankfully to acknowledge Mr.
te
The Shaw rills Garble and Oran $2,000 royalty on ore removed, and $180 it now only remains for us to say that
iteWorke, Alex. MoDWld, proprietor fur timber cut on the premiee.. The 2% ^ourbw wT.h^or^h^r^pemy turns out a superior olasa of work in Mon- company contended that under the terms and happiness of yourself, your amiable uments, Headstones, etc. Prices reason-1 of Bowie’s sale to Russell, from whom in	*•£/ •"J.	^™il accompany	you;
able	I turn they purchased, Bowie was entitled	without sadness ehau	rsmafnP*w!thD?_7	"
m.	v . ,	, .	i to neither damages or royalty, but ad- , Begging you and Mrs. Plalsted to accept
ort, instead of Radted, as stated. I The Judge dismissed Bowie's action but A grand concert will be held 2t Upper condemned the company to pay Bowie
-1 b U,ued fr0m the office	0f	r°UU*ic0,1J	WI^tSSSJ^HU «1 ÎÏÜ!0 Ïn "£n ‘hi m |	UNoTJTooÎ
Shawville every	Thursday.	#,#t feedings, recitations, vocal and in-1 favor of the company on every point
9 ‘	1 strumental music. Come all. Admis	¦
sion 15 cents.
BARRISTER, A#.,
St K BUT,
Hull.
OT CANADA
At Bhewvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month
will «pen a Bruch at
SHAWVILLE BANK OF OTTAWA LîJSiMEt
, advertised in Y. Caldwell has
been sold
About 1st December.
Beet
Board of Dirtctan :
Charles Magee, Esq., President. Geo rob Bay, esq., Vies-President.
Ho*. Geo. Batson, Jr.
John Math sa, Esq. Datip Mac Li au*
Court Shawville,

Dennis Bonnet, Esq.
¦i
A GENERAL BANKING BUSIN TRANSACTED,
i
a
I Meets the 4th Wed nee-I day of every month.
! Court dues must be paid / promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
(Local) Manager,


In the Demin-
J. A. Cowajv, R.H.
W. J. Bad
Interest allowed ea Deposit Receipt at current
, O. R.
us.
tl uA upwnrdsmnalrod 1j Savings
Offlce Boms-10 a m. to Ip. m. Saturday 10am. tolp. ».
De-
Dr. J. E. ÏAB6ABT, L. D. S., DM,
9ZX&HSUS?I OTTAWA,
Special attention given to appointments nutdc by mail.
“THE EQUITY”
Cheese Factory Meeting.
C. C. STEWART,
PHYSICIAN
AM* SURGEON}
(L ft C.P. AND 8 , KDIN.)
OFFICE,
_ _	# on Dec. 3rd. About 30 patrons were present
lu the other cano Russell sued Bowie and the seasons business discussed, Ively»
foi damages arising out of litigation in- yet amicably. In answer to the query.
stiiuted by Bowie last summer against the | ‘ Why are you a cent per cwt. lower than
the Lily Factory?'’ the following reasons
Ueavored to prevent the shipping of ore, I 7mrnerYn the bf«Il^LpTtv h.g^w of*thelm-and depositing $3000 in court as the bal prove men is In the prices of cheese ahd qual-
»uce in full Of hi. purchase price of Bow-	of'chl™'. thfroor^anïloûï
«e e mining rights sues for hie title, and the buyer Is to secure It; other things being
iinpri.oninent of Bowie in default of get- ^'Arm.lrongofreml to «... h., factory ting it. The evidence in his case was at to the people. The matter was discussed moat identical with that in the other and andla J°,e wa* taken, which showed that
OatieW	Ijudgment di.m.we, Hu.aeli'. case	fl^o^
__for damages, but condemns Bowie to showing for the first attempt and It was re.
There pawed peacefully away at hi, U,‘ve Kua«eil hi. title within fifteen days. theVpeop!e i'alhen eaVruilur**1 pre",’lUed to home in North On,low, on the 30th 0f Howie i. condemned fur the co.te except	o, ska.on
November, I8M Edward Dolan, .on ol '"\^eeuquete which are at the charge ? title late Michael dolan. K^q., of the same u* l“ti P*alnll“» and t*le cuata °* #t*le de ed $1 JM.57. Average price of milk per cwt,,
NOTARY PUBLIC,	I —-- -	¦	-.....- | township. The deceased was a well-to-do	aa •» the imprisonment of Bowie •»«««£ttmoonl of m,lk lo
/CLERIC of the District Magistrates* Court I	-	,.n. , T , I farmer, and his sftdden demise at the age	arti allowed Bowie sgamet Kussell.	'	Ralph W. Hodoins
c rsas^F’" D°'11 B“h avsirriSa-vvd »»*»*»»
of mtarto.	1	*	1 "
Will visit Bryson every Thursday
Subscription, 11.00 per Annum.
Postponed
(irami Calumet Mining Co. when he eu
Advertising rates made known on application.
The concert advertised to come off on the 21st, inst., under the auspices of the Presbyterian congregation of this village,
postponed till some date next month, of which due notice will be given.
o
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from all paru of the country.
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices inserted free; bnt obituary line», or "poetry will be charged at the rate of I cents per line money toaccompany the manuscript In every case.
ELMSIDE, QUE
ham been
BODRBEAO RAINVILLE, L. L. L,
Death of Mi. Edward Dolan of North
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Will attend all tbo Courts of the District, especially when required.
J. A. COWAN, Publisher
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L. Èocitl and ©tnttal

Public Notice
for
Overcoats for men and boys; finest I knew him for hie kindly disposition stock in town.	J. H. Shaw. |death was due to hemhorrage of the
tings.
His
The following report was received too i Province of Quebec late for last week's issue:—A pleasant Munlclpa Ity of Clarendon
gathering took place at St. George’. Par- ^"Tthe %%Wrf ATal^Jte™!^
age on Wednesday of last week, (Nov. householders of this municipality will be
30) the occasion being that of a *' farewell held In the Town Hall, In the vlllsgenfflhAw-
u	m.. ville on Monday the ninth day of the month
to ivev. a. ana Mrs. of January one thousand eight hundred and
ular meeting on Thursday evening. Plaisted before their departure for On- ninety nine, at the hour of ten in the morn------------------------------| Nibltidc, the <*.„ i— dd™ I	,o ... .h. ^	M'SHB.'EUÏîS
Ppft C WPIfîMT forger, has been sent to Kingston for snow again. The bells are making mus:e that evening to receive their marks and	|jave expired. Given atRhawvilie this
* I three years to	meditate upon his crooked-1 with	their jingle, and all the people	seem	rewards for	the past year’s work, but it bundred^and	ninety e tab L* OU8ttn e g 11
busy	with preparation for Christmas.	seems that	other and counter arrange- I	HUGH
The children are all looking forward to mente had also been privately made, for i he Xinas Tree to be held in our school,	instead of S. School pupils, a number of
(No. 2,) on Friday evening Dec. 23nd ;	persons of older years came pouring in
and to which we invite our friends, until over 80 were assembled.
Dont forget to come, as we expect to have	Later Mr. and Mrs. Emerson Reid carao I I	shall	be at	my office	all	day	on	Sata pleasant time. Doors open 6.30. Ad	forward on behalf of the gathering, and	urday, the	17th	inst.,	for	the	purpose	of
mission 15 eta.	I little Miss Amy Reid presented Mrs. | receiving Municipal and JJonus taxes.
Plaisted with a bouquet to which a silver table mug was appended and the following addressee were read. Mr. Plaisted in The snow fell heavily during the night I reply said that it was truly a “ surprise, ”
Nnnrm	Î	nr*»iiarorl	aiinnlv wo#- | “f the 5: h ; and in consequence, we	have	and that he	was greatly touched by the! W 11 ¦
k ‘æsks %% I «"à	:ïz'ïïh	Ær?	""	:;S" «;.t a I Selling
SHES?* EidsSHSS 7K'
------------------------------ ***** UCK 10 CenU’	G M.	for all that was indicated by the events of
w w ,TRHT.ATim	R‘ Mr. J. Seaman occupied the pulpit of that evening.	.
* 1 A very successful social was held at the St. Stephen's church last Sabbath.	Some brief and kindly words were During the remainder 01 DeF OF superior court,	home of Mrs. H. Eadee, Clarendon, on Rev. F. W. M. Barnes has returned spoken by Rev. A. Brunet, P. P., and ppmhpr T infpnri rliannuitirr
office court 8T., shawville. I Thursday evening last. The proceeds, from his visit to Montreal.	Rev. R. Bison.	teiliuer 1 IIlttHU UlspOSing
which amounted to over $21.00, will Mrs. Ben Judd and Mra. Geo. Smith, Refreshments and friendly conversation Ot my Stock 01 (jrOOflS at he devoted to 8t. John’s Sunday School, spent Thursday with Mrs. T. Dale.	followed and thus terminated a very priC6S below COSt.
Morohead.	_	Your former Greer Mount correspon- happy evening	1	1
i	.ill k. in	,tltei that the Misses Msgee and | It should be
% ,	, l	n . lr .	. Wilson are holding meetings here. This I the day, at the Model school, an address 1 a few articles
P,	7 W	four miles from G. M.	had been printed to Rev. H. Plaisted
I. sxfs	to	“r
The 8. Commissioners have placed the scholars.
aktiiuk McConnell,
Our merchants are doing a rushing
attorney at law, Main Hi. Hull, I business since sleighing set in.
A Que, will, atrequest,attend allcourts |	0	.. ,. *	,
I ne Raymond Sewing Machine equals
Will be el ihawTlIleOr.t fhor.de)-oleaeb I Shtwiiîle” Z,m"$20 up"'" ^
MAPLE JUDGE
801
In the llstrlct. All -lorrespondenct prompt tj answered.
“ Wild Rose " I. O. G. T. held its reg- surprise party
MATHESON, Hec.-T. essore
riCKH
72 MAIN ST.
• HU QUE.
In an item last week referring to the Will attend Superior and Circuit Co«irt|*t I Merchants B.nik stuff, wv erred in Bryson, also other Courts In Pontiac;?!)!»- 1 10, ma"ag0r "	,m,n*
trlcl when required.	| read F- *****
man.
o
TAXES.
giving It should have instead of Park-
Intending purchasers of Xmas goods
BygANUFACTURING STATIONERS, B0UK8EL I	W®.	m*e*c^**M perusal of
JJL lent, Bookbiudere Printers, etc. Depository our advertisements this week. They may f the Ottawa Auxiliary Bililedoclety,Ottawa, Ont. suggest just the kind of articles you
------------------------------------------ want for a nice present.
JAN. HOPE* Co.
J. R. HORNER,
Sec. Treas
GREBE M0T7X&T
Shawville, Dec. 13, 1898
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
Below Cost.
Accounts collected and prompt returns made
AU couru attended.
mentioned that earlier in I may may mention
St. Lawrence Hall,
Embroidering Silks in every shade and name.
•»
Mrs C ML McLean,
Pongee Silks, Ribbons,
Linen for Drawn Work, 1£ yards wide at 75 cents.
Beet quality Plushes and Velvets.
All Millinery Goods included.
Felts.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
Fibst-class Livery Attached.
One morning last week on going out to
the barn-yard, Mr. John A Telford, of charts in the schools in this township Clarendon, wa* much surprised to see a This will be especially beneficial to No. 3
little doe romping about with the cattle school, as the attendance i# very large.	Following is the address presented by
in the yard. John states that he at once We llever we the black team in G. M. friends in Bryson to Mr. Plaisted on
procured his revolver and gave the deer now. The ghost of the mill pond must leaving Portage du Port for Quyon : —
it#final quietus.	have frightened them beyond recovery. I mr«. plaisted,
1	Tom Pobtao* du Fobt.
The search for the bod, of JasonKemp	------------- %%
of Bryson, who was drowned on K’ppewa	JUopoUo Gets FOTIT YOSTS,	behalf of a few of your friends and well
lake, a couple of weeks ago, has been	—	wishers In the village of Bryson and vicinity,
abandoned till Spring. The mother of On Saturday Judge Lavergnesentenced ind Mrd^afgoodVisZes! *he*r 81DC'trctsleom the ill-fated young man who went up to Andrew Riopelie to four years imprison Ever since you came among us you hsve
the scene of the accident, on learning.the ment for complicity in the death of Le. ràî^Vûî^^promM'be'welNrZ sorrowful news, has returned home, bur once Boyer of Esrdley. Hie Honor in parish.	_
dened with grief.	charging the jury Mid hi. mind ... no,	^
Peter Lavoie, an employee of the Ot- altogether free from the suspicion that a your goodness will live long in our hearts
a S:; .1	irz xA'tt:	F „ ,>
pit at Sprucedale, on the upper portion who were heard quarrelling on the night that Heaven * blessing may accompany you ««ggs, \tre*n9)
of the line. He and other men were in question in the waggou passing Mr. * wLcoHectim;*tbe pleasant years made n,.»»,.-
Hurdman’s bam were the prisoner and agreeable through your acquaintance, your * « »«••••••
dieceaaed. If that were a proven fact, friends desire your acceptance ofsworn- Pork per 100,
then manslaughter must be the jury’s peD> "FP^rse	mildrkd V. #s»wm	Pe
finding. He was certain that there had	Bryson. Nov. So, i«8	Calfskins
SM	Ev
benefit of any doubt.	mg for parish of Onslow :	lurieys .
The jury then retired, and at eight I thb Rav. H. Plaistb»,
o'clock, returned a verdict of guilty of
manslaughter.
Address
PONTIAC HOUsf
MISS MORAN, MILLINER,



#1
PORTAQ£ DU FORT

Shawville Produce Quotations
00 U 26
00 to 66
IB
38
37 to 40
*
i
15
... 16 to 18 .... 14 to 00 4 65 to 5 00 9 00 to M) 00 .... 35 to 50 00 to 0 50 40 tv 76 ---7 to 8c.
•••A-Jfc
— 6tofo
loading a train with gravel when a portion of the frozen surface of the pit which overhung where the men were working caved in. All escaped but Lavoie, who was buned beneath the falling earth.
dressed
r ton

SHAWVILLE, P.Q

PROPRIETOR
•<r
C. CALDWELL,
ally, and especially commercial men. Free | rescued alive, hut at noon his dead ’tqi meets all trains. Got>d livery In
wœ.
ht be
was found. He is supposed to have been
«E-.Ï
ReveSndeandl,Dear Sir.-We the
l
u
and gentaj>leycles;kept for hire * instantly billed
à i

I
z
t


###PAGE###2###
7 ^
1


r

\

v
Yankee, much na Southern gentlemen sweet-heart. I guess, end he I reel above fight in' with» Wall, I'm that at the stranger, who made him it critter. What do you think of me. take ply . only Ih» lips quivered, In in
SSsST—.....-..- BE. Hîîf3^^i IA MS*
" Them corde hurt you, 1 guess. Like el ranger answered, promptly, enough I’ll case ’em up a trifle, if you "Never ! I II ‘lie » 1 *loJlj,M,lc ,	.
say mo. I ain't hard-hearted, if 1 be tv fore Ml i^rt \>nh 1 ha •	-	/ .
rough ns n nutmeg-grater. Shall I not worth that price. Give l“ilu wp„
¦¦llPll
¦Blip
ss&sir*""““r.iri.âu.,».h., „„touch mum r»»»^	r~fret
H*b.,lword»lTri,i"-n uTiito. % tod* tounV round hi. met toitol J*T HilMo iel him K j*l Bi .nn«, h. to. »H Ito. to,,to »M> ..	" fh,y'T,„ h.hU„""( tone,' Mr'
in the distance he caught sight of two turnovers and cheese, be prepared o thought of this lief,ire Yanke-e were	iihcSUH Mile. !*>»«¦	, red I ,elding, who had been cured by
other men coming towards tbem.-one spring upon his foe m the tear and proverbially avaricious, and nlnv.st Th„ Coolgardie project proposes the (h<- u(), I)r Williams' Pink Pilla,
w'ill think far more of capturing an who, with height ed color, haug y	W hat 11 I ask ? icpented Hill, pin reservoir in the mountains near ihe f0|lowest his advice, hut had scarcely
EEEB « gm=:g=
with a deep flush on his boyish fare, side, and half abutting om °	•	, J.n po ke ts, t he unsus^iec mg , tum be overcome, hut it has to l*e nr eouipl^in( since. I am confident that
tnff-toes,	iE" ~	=   1""1   -'
ae,,w/ havfT nothing to hope," Tom] Don't you recognize my regimentals, | "Whew-ewT' whistled Bill, his face |th OUlfh which tin* pipe line passes is a
wrhispered, " but we’ll sell ourselves dearly as possible,” and bracing himself some against the tree, he pu?pared to do at a
SK& sss&r* ““ "".... - ^
“Snrrpndpr or die ”	doin' here ? inu «uu ». — - v.t,»., tut- anaugci	. v i
Srf 53C5S æSSSs ',%% îæï ^
skillful lv eich thrust of his ant agon- " Wall, then if you're so fraid asking if the stringer were positive e.ssent ial. if an ordinary pipe hne
SHS E'-jsaeHH'S
n,,^;h Tom and Isaac had thought the oner. That’s fair, as these dead folks concern jest comes in tilacy. It's mine ter; yet even so small a loss in a pipe fit intrei dead but at this accusation will witness;’ and Bill’s glance for the you say, if I'll let you cut stick and i;no 0( this length would amount 10
IsSalE: ! pssssœ	ssïïmS
hand was stayed, and it is difficult to The sight touched a tender chol(1.I.n you ? Hut I want you should fling in might ab orb small leaks so that tiny gay what the result might have been Bill, and forgetting for a moment ms ^nothing to clinch the bargain. A Would not show at all on the surface had not another voice called through new acquaintance, he bent over chap of your cloth is of more valley .	d if ,h,s pipe were buried.
-* -*   - ••	..... srjsreSsrr stum %,
Tom’s checks blanched to an unna- been ashamed to let you crime l?r"‘J.rjt watch carefully upon the grass, Hill's other important reason foi keeping the tural whiteness, as with parted lips, Now' was the Rebels time. He let	a second time sought the at ran- pipe abo»e ground instead of bury-
and flashing eyes be watched the new intuitively that he was no match j"i g^r*8 pocket, bringing out an expen-comer hastening to the rescue, the the thick-set, brawny Bill, barely lay Hjve an(j exquisitely wrought quiz-handsome, graceful stranger, whose ap- alone in flight, and with a sudden zing_giaaSi
pearancj, riveted Isaac’s attention at bound he fled like a deer.	"Wall, now, if these ain't the curi-
once, causing him to gaze spell-bound j "Nuff said, dropped from Bill s ips,	spectacles	1" he exclaimed. ‘
upon the face oT the advancing foe, as and the next instant he, too, was tty- ^ how a Reb looks through 'em,” if it were one he had seen liefore. How ing through the woods in pursuit oi an(| adjusting them to his eyes, Bill handsome that young man was, with the foe.	walked demurely around his prisoner,
his saucy, laughing eyes of black, his It proved an unequal race, ana Bills an(^ then standing at a lit tie distance eoft silken curls of hair, and that air strong arms ere long closed like a vice Aspect ed him minutely, as if he had of self-assurance, which bespoke a dar-‘ around the struggling soldier, w ho re- been some curious monster. "Hanged reckless spirit. Isaac could not re-, aisled manfully, until resistance was ^ % can see. in 'em, hut m ibh>1 i bey’ll move his eyes from the young Rebel, vain and then sullenly stood still, W’hile sUlt the old woman to hum,” he said, and his late antagonist met with no Bill fastened his hands behind mm, pjacjng the glasses besid* the watch, resistance, as he passed his arms around with the cords unwittingly furnished an(j adding : "Watch and spectacles him and held him prisoner at last. Isaac by Rose Mather !	ain’t enough, corporal. What more
did not even think of himself ; his "Don't squirm so, corporal, But have you got ? Ain’t there a ring on thoughts were all u|x>n the stranger, said, as he bound the knots securely, onv t,f y0ur hands?" at whom poor Tom sut gazing, half lie- wifh his knee upon the. back of the "Yes, a costly diamond,” was the wildered, and trying once to stretch stranger, whom he had thrown upon fu,„t response, and Hill ere long was his arms toward him, while the lips as- his face. " Don’t squirm, so like an eel trying in vain to push it over his large 6:lyed to speak. But the words he and I’ll be done the quicker. I calker- joints.
would have uttered died away as a sud- late to tie you so you can t git away, « [( don't fit me, but I guess’tw ill den faintness stole over him, when he and you m;fy as well hold on. Lot kind- my gjj, whm I get one," he said laying that he was recognized. There was er delicate hands, bain t you ? Never that, too, with the watch and eye-glass.
fading out of the done nothin’, I guess, but lick niggers ^ silver tobacco-box and handsome
y,ou cigar-case followed next, tha stranger ^ V V groaning mentally, as a faint suspic-rhe young man struggled to his feet, (ion of büI’s real intentions crossed his
¦¦I	.	mind. l_l*l
* What do you intend doing next, more article, th*
. to to
ST. TITUS DANCE
* Ü
»
LOVE AND WARn
V 4
ItlnfrM tehiiltld, #f *lsupereiief *•»., Tell,
A STORY OP SLAVERY DAYS. By MARY J. HOLMES.
Huw He OblHlMd A Speedy und r«*r-
Ml* ASCII I turf.
V

CHA ITKIt VIII .Vont inued
Accordingly ho wan possessed
but a dead one that 1 | <>f a strong desire to investigate. Mr.
Winfred Schofield, of Gmtpereau, wus the address given us by our Informant,

I
;i s
One day 1
I
was
can

slipped
\
i

i
but
lit






owe my cure.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills create new bloo 1, build up the nerves, and thus drive disease from the system hundreds of cases they after all other medicines have failed, thus establishing the claim that they are a marvel among the triumphs of modern medical science. The genuine Pink Pills are sold only in boxes, bearing the full trade mark, "Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale People." Protect yourself from Imposition by refuting any pill that does not bear tin* registered trade mark around the
In.\
Williams
Ont., and they will be mailed to you post paid at 60c a box, or six boxes for $2.50.
Don’t you rs-cog-nize my regimen tais» I	HI	__________,r _	„ HH
—si ffi'ft ¦z.’zsxs-toSt. t *- — -• -	«"*
dirty job,—been lickin’ jest such watch worth over three hundred! Let's
Now, then, corporal, see-1ee* the nil ter."ej^H
" You target that my hands are I bury th won’t answer me, tied," the stranger suggested.
"So they t>e, but mine ain't," and the other reply, next moment Bill
In
have cured
salts, which are said to be ho corrosive to iron that it is deemed safest not to
the ground at all. for having it ex-
t
p.pe 111 reahon

4
If in doubt send direct to Dr. Medicine Co., Brockville,
!
TRAINING PETS AT HOME.
tnliiinl» Trcufril Wllh < oii*l<l« r»ll«ii mal Inrl Will Apprerlnte II.
ttll-
i
There are men whose business it is
to educate any animal, from a flea to . a lion, but in the ordinary home, with
for liuiying wnteM»^ "to'geV'h"» commonplace pete, much can be don. OUI of the way and to keep them from ! to make them more amusing and intel-freezing in winter—do not obtain at ligent. By training they become more all in the region u\ei which this niye companionable, and find life more en-
cZung l'm," k'fiiïmg' /ucncl. 3*8 I joyable, eince developed faculties grow
miles long will be saved by placing sensitive and acute. A really smart
the pipe on the surface, the decision dog will eit by the window with a poai-
on the whole, a
it.
Besides this
'I’ll
not to bu y it seems
live grin on his alert, bright face, thinking human nature, both afoot and
ing
wise one.	....
The on3 great difficulty which is involved in keeping the pipe on the suv- astride, the greatest Joke on record, face is the necessity of pro/iding tor j :ls it passes along, expansion and contraction. In an
burieclTn Ù »•'è'“n h* m * umperaî^rlU I to hand like their yellow cousine, the the extremes of temperature of canaries. Rats grow gentle with fear-
the water passing through it will prob- j patient treatment, though certain-ably not exceed 35 degrees.
Turning now to the Voolgardie conduit, to be laid unprotected on the|,niee
surface of the ground and with a dis- | and liees, are all amenable to the arch tance between pumping stations us great at seventy-five or eighty miles,
it is evident, that the water confined	,	.	.
from evaporation and exposed in a member of the family with short, ex-
Fhere remained now but one slad PR»	(he fierce rays of the Aus- | pressive sounds between a purr and a
dearest of all the Dalian .»uu may reach a very high I young Rebel possessed, and the per- temperature in its passage froni one
..7Vh‘.t. .d„° /J"'.6-d d_°:n' 7 ““ r6r '	"J though numnuiy bright, grow.
mgm and follow as a prisoner of intend leadin' you by this string inter I his pockets, and'knew he could not pre- rlujre ne.ar,y three days. 1 he Fn*- more #*> under the care he receives. Ihe war And Tom, unmindful of the pain, camp, and showln’ you up for topence vent it.	J18h eng.,nters	l™t,r1«8e«nf c<X)k dec,îire« that she can
ScsSS rd	tSSs
fate was in reserve for him. He seem- perate struggle to free himself, but the	earnes supplication, as Bill drew	forth	^V^uch a nmtre of	UmSerature	in-	,he I*L	of « school boy, who carried
ed benumbed and only an occasional twine only cut into his flesh, making	a small dnguerrean case, and	"	him in	his pocket, and allow him to
groan, which Isaac fancied was wrung the matter worse, so he finally sub- his dirty thumb upon the spring. I	?o great as to wander over his shoulder while riding
out by pe in, told that he was conscious mit ted to his fate, and suffered Bill Something in the stranger’s vole»'	movement and leakage at the on the cars. The boy used to " look in-
of anything.	to take him where he listed. Bill was made him pause a moment, but any- \ -r(.«mforentiai ioints	Docent,” and hie neighbors "all brok-
" He’s lame,” Isaac cried, the hot tears in no hurry to get to camp. He rather thing like delicacy of feeling was un-	Ex nan si on ioints are therefore es- en UP»” he expressed it. "'Pinky
raining over his face, while he begged enjoyed being alone with his prisoner, known to rough Bill, and the next in-	’# *j.e l>lDP ' i Patti,” so called from his vocal talent
of them to stop, or at least	to carry	and leading him to a little thicket he	gtant	he	was feasting his rude	gaze|th<l English engineers oroDose that	and garnet eyes, was only an instance
poor Capt. Carle tom, if they	must go	made him sit down, and placing one	upon	the	features which the	Rel**lLuch joints shrill	be placed at intervals	of animal culture iiossible to many of
— "I won’t run ft way, he said, îm- of his feet upon him he began to ask yoUth had guarded almost religiously,!, about l4>(,	for tlie wholelerurth his kind.
ploringly to hia own captor, feeling in- him innumerable questions—what was	even from his equals in camp.	How	. th<1 conduit which	would make	a	Treat	your pets, however stupid or
tuitively that his was ihe kinder na- his name, where did he come from,	beautiful that girlish face was,	with	total of about to 000 expansion ioints in	humble,	with consideration and tact,
ture. "Don’t be afraid of me. I'll what comjKiny was he in, and so on.hts bright laughing eyes, and soft	length of the conduit.	and they will appreciate it. One does
help you carry him if necessary. Do to n<»ne of which did the stranger chestnut curls falling in such profu- The engineering problem presented n(,t net‘d to become maudlin over a have some pity. He’s fainting, see!’ vouchsafe a reply.	sion around the childish brow, and then, and one which we need hardlv IK)od,e and neglect a helpless baby,
and Isaac almost shrieked as poor Tom With a haughty look upon his hand- upon the smooth, white neck. Even ly, ig without precedent isthe design ,JUt "our brothers and sisters the
the grass, utterly unable some face, he maintained a rigid «iH Bill was awed into silence,while a feel- of ttn expansion joint for à pipe of birds,” as St. Francis found, will ante move another step. Jhey piust oar- encç, while Bill continued:	ing of bewilderment crept over him as if from 26 to 31 inches diameter which 8wer in gratitude. Talk to your pets,
ry him now or i.eave him there, and ’ Ne#*dn t talk unless you want to. he had seen that face before, and Lhall provide for amotion reaching tell them what would interest them, if Anxious for the iioftor a captured of- Speech is free with us, you know ; but mingled with this feeling came re- Rve-eighths of an inch, which shall they could understand, always in a scr-ficer of Tom Carleton's evident	rank in	seein' you won’t tell who you he, may-	membrances of that last day at	home <ugtain pressure	reaching 200 pounds	eno and gentle way. Little by little
life would confer upon them,	the Re-	he you wouldn’t mind hearing my gene-	wb+m	fair	hinds, which, ere he was a ppr square inch,	which shall be and	they will grow, like hum in beings, up
liels availed themselves of Isaac's prof-	ology.	It’ll make you feel better, mab-	soldier,	would hive scorned to	touch remain tight, with little	or	no at ten-	to the standard you	expect	of them,
fered aid, and the three, bearing their	by, to	know mj reputation and stand-	8UOh ns	he, had waved him an	adieu, tion, and	which shall be	as	nearly am	,nd reward you	with	devoted	sincerity
heavy burden, moved elowly on until	in in	society. Corporal, did you ever	"Whew-ewl” he whistled at last. I possible a	permanent part of	the pine	;ind cxmtinuoua	improvement	for your
far lieyond the bushes by the stream,	hear of a Vmt a real live mudsillj •• Ain’t	she pretty, thought	Tour | Une.	pains.
Butterflies can be taught to come
%
mate
ly they become more uncanny pets than Squirrels and chipmunks, birds
4*
saw
a violent start—a	.	.	. .	...
bright color on the Rebel's cheek, and and shute your betters.
Isaac, still watching him, heard him may stan’ up now if you want J.ew
___"No, no, not him, leave him ""
alone,” while at the same time he at- saying, proudly : tempted to free Tom from the firm ' ** grasp the enemy now had upon him. sir ?
With an oath the soldier shook him
off, then rudely bade hia half-senseless plied, with imperturable gravity. ” 11 he felt the rough hand again victim rise i
magician love.
There is a cat that answers every
exclaim
mew. lie is, of course, the constant companion of his superior house mates,

tell the dif-

m
sunk u(


###PAGE###3###
f
r
/ •

*

non denned milk In the beet substitute for mother's milk, and while it doea not agree with all, it has proved to be the beet food for the majority.
TESLA TO SEND TOWER,
of European science saw this machine in action, its awful flames mhooting and exploding in veritable thunderlmlts.it la said that the emotion was profound, ,
for alfove and beyond its spectacular STORY OF CUZZI THE ITALIAN, THE feature he realized that it sent its cur- |	GENERAL'S FRIEND,
rents around and through the universe of matter. Hetwe -n each terrifying lightning stroke the globe is penetrated and encircled by the million-volted force.
Therefore it behooves parents to take I Nicbola Tesla declares that he In- With this seemingly miraculously
oar© of the manner and substance of I tends to run I he machinery of the Paris endowed oscillator Tesla, it is declared, I From Giuseppe Cuzzi, one of the 130
what they say More their children, I exposition with electric power sent in- lns/u nl*7. Ings Paris and Hong Kong prisoners of the Khalifa, who were set • i	. iL i au in I *	*•	.u	, XT.	within the reach of him hand	1
and it is also very clear that the silly, I stantly across the ocean from Niagara
LATEST NEWS OF GORDON
HOUSEHOLD.
TRANSMIT ELECTRICITY ACROSS THE OCEAN WITHOUT WIRES.
LEARNING TO TALK
Children learn to talk * he language | Vlegmrn 1» the lloeree—The Alreel Inventor heard about them, whether it he chaate and pure or low and vulgar.
ROASTING THE TURKEY
t npliirrd l»r HrrvlnliM mid Mel«l In a VII# IMangei»h ami Solemn Wonqne for Sixteen li ar», Me la nt I mat Set t ree an Deliver* Mia Helnled Deapafrlte*.
Sa y a Vila Mnrlilsery for the Marvel Has Keen Tented mid Work* ¦•erfeelly.
Wnah, ainge and draw a plump young turkey, rub it with Halt and pepper inside and out, and stuff it with tender bread crumbs, moistened only with melted butter or fat drawn from the fowl. To a quart bowlful of cru in be add a teaspoonful of thyme, or sweet marjoram, or both, a aaltspoonful of pepper and a teaspoonful of salt, Mix the filling well, and after it has been pressed under the loose skin and into the IxxJy, skewer the fowl, draw the legs firmly against the body, fold the

Tesla, without any wire or other ar-	I ™ by General Kit< h* n.-r after his en-
nonsensical stuff talked to children Is	I Falls. This astonishing statement	waa	I tifioial means of communication, uses	| trance into Omdurmnn, the English
not only very idiotic, hut equally in-	made by him on Monday.	|	[he earth and atmosphere as his dou-	authorities have obtained interesting
J or Loua. Th» conversational ability of Ue has just patente,] his machine for electrical circuit He'hTJTthun^rWt ‘^formation as to the last days of Gen-the young is being constantly educatnd I transmitting electricity without wires producing machine, his famous - os- Ural Gordon, which, however, had not by the talk of others. They should bo Flo says ho can shoot thousands of mil- dilator." Instead of producing a few | at last accounts been made public. Im-encouraged to talk. The old idea was | lions of volts around and through the | jhousand volts used for electric light- i mediately after the full of Omdurman
.......... „... u.... «atSS 3B&F :F‘
ly to position with plenty of clean cot-	j dren	must talk,	and must be guided	Nights,	nays the	Ele<tiical Review,	HARMLESS, YET AWrE-INSPIRlNG.	a°d	Italian	residents.	When liberated
ton card. Now grenue the turkey well ln lheir talk and conversation if they and, if successful. It will open up un- The electricity is of sut*/ a character, be had in his possession important let-
are to become expert in the use of limited resources of practically cost- M* is stated, that when the machine fills ters and telegrams from General Gor-
. _	.	.	,	language.	I leas noirarM	a room with Jagged lightning, flashing
with flour and place it on a trivet a women have the faculty in a higher 1	*	'	and thundering in a tornado of fiery
s	hot	oven	to sear	quickly	that	its.	degree than men. They are greater	If successful it means that from	the	storm, it does not kill anybody, yet it	been bidden during his long captiv-
juices may	not escape	during	the	roast-	,ft,ker.a than men. They have strong-	great fulls of Niagara, of the Yellow-	develop, a force thousands of times	I %y.
ing proper. When , he «kin i. well war- " El#SuTetiS? ift »» to' £ I "T'	°‘ "" T'T ni^Ln pmduc»”1
ed, lessen the heat and baste the fowl	olety	more; they	talk more to chil-	° orafio	un m e“	P°wer on"	With this machine, creating a pres-
frequent ly from a pint of hot water	<lren.	Women	are more eloquent	volts	can be delivered in New York	RUie of millions of volts, Teeia, s-iys t h» I	eran	of the	Garibaldi	campaign
turned into th« rwn na «onn as the	men. Men	are engaged in husi-	London,	Paris, St.	Petersburg, and	lashes the vast ocean of electricity nf	fought with	the famous patriot leader
flour upon the turkey has been nicely I	by ^ant^f exerdee?while" wL ^,n ln *	°f	Mountains, ^nUy ^tL waves'" spread In alTdirec
browned. An eight-pound turkey men, by exercising the faculty, are | lverfll an<1	would thus be anni- tgfma through the universe of matter
should be allowed three hours in a constantly strengthening it.	j hilated.	In commencing upon Tesla's mar
moderate oven, and it may be dredg-	—	—--------- I SAYS MACHINERY WORKS PER- ve**°us invention a noted scientist. | of Montenegro. Later he travelled in
ed with flour a second time about an	nuiiT aveviii emnirnc	V	l-’Frrr V	wh? ,h:l" careful investigations j America, and after hi» return lo llaiy
hour before It is to be served.	GIANT GERMAN SuLDIEKb. I >	rrAiLx.	and places faith in Its boundless
In the meantime boil the giblets in a	--- Tesla says his machinery works ier- bill ties, gave h-s opinion thus:-
little united water, and when they are Wilhelm Inherits HI* Ancestor*» Fond»cm Iv ' that he has demonstrated the AI1 ,he Miverse is a big hag 0f aK,r for a Milanese commercial societ y. done, remove them from the sauce pen,	for hi, Mem.	.	.	.	,	electricity. When Tesla's thunderbolt While in Her ha he met General Gor-
- «».	- "» »r- ¦=»- 772,:	’	-........ serosa 1 - - —¦
key has been lifted to allot platter, ! P*ror, there are two giant soldiers, who	_nnni_ p .	electric horses of the world—in Chica-
turn the giblets and water into the are probably the tallest men Ln the	1	Mfo, San Francisco, Siberia, New Zea-
roasting pen, and let the gravy boil. Empire. One, Fritz Conrad, measures " ^ Niagara's power/ he said on Mon- land in the Philippines, at the poles The floor that has been basted from j & little over seven feet ; the other, wil-	"I shall send It across without | north and south."
the turkey will usually make the gravy bWin Ehmke, lacks a fraction of the a wire. My invention is the crown-
ffiSLfhSM'iiï.t’SS STS:' sa-
til the gravy i# cr&imy as it boils up; the tallest men that could he found anf* la,xmi* it will then he ready to serve. The anywhere on the Continent, roasting turkey will, as a rule, impart King William of Prussia, who had a sufficient seasoning to the gravy, but special fondness for moldiers of gigantio more may be added if necessarÿ
with butter, olive-oil, or the like, dredge
don and Colonel Stewart, which had
Cuzzi is fifty-five years old and a native of Brianza, Italy. He in a vet-
and
In at Dijon
He also had part in the war in Herzegovina a quarter of a century ago, serving on the staff of the Prince
>
posa
went to the Soudan as resident man-

so favorable an opinion of him that he made him his personal representative there, and also secured for him the appointment of Consular Agent, for Her Hi it isb Majesty. After the fa I i of Berba Cuzzi was tak-

CONFÎDKNT OF SUCCESS
This is Tesla's claim, that the electro-magnetic waves can thus be made to sweep nround and through the world in an instant, and on this claim He says he first discovers the he announces his ability to move the
natural laws governing the secret he Haris machinery by power generated
at Niagara Falls.
Many astounding facts in electricity have been discovered
en prisoner by the Khalifa and transported to Omdunnan. He was thrust into a vile dungeon, and for a time was subjected to the most cruel torture.
Tesla went on to explain how he in vents


stature, spared no expense in procuring them for his guard. The father Frederick the Great paid 700 thalers

is after. Then he can predict just what his mechanism, when constructed in a
for a m in of six feet two inches, and ! certain way, will accomplish, as much as 1,000 thalers for one six
feet five inches tall, and in this pro-	. ,
take portion larger sums were expended by I pointed work in the universe have been
ford in the Gentlewoman she will take &im where taller men could be had. | once mastered, the m iking of the pro. fresh beef tongue and simmer it slow-	^ ma‘'hinB t0 in h"rm',n* W,,b
ly and gently until very tender, add- paid for the Dutchman Grosse. James lng, when half done, a tablespoonful Kirkland, the Irishman, was valued at I ttn eafly ?-a®k
of salt; she will skin it, remove all fat 8-8,w thalers.	When Tesla discovered the laws lead-
.nd gristle, and put it through the Jre“ fail'd. ^	when" mUit*ry lng up to ,he tnvention of his famous
meat-chopper, through which she as service is compulsory throughout the
previously passed three pounds of beef Empire, the choicest morsels in the line made certain wires in the machine ex- The Dear Girl—I am really astonish-•uet freed from membrane. Four pounds Glints find their way to the recruit- act I y of the required length elect ri- ed to hear you advance the proposition
.f tart apples, weighed after paring ^ta"iLlwiR% Redout for =|,y of ,he gl(lbe would 8tieam forth ™ ^‘pr^L'cetf" stranger^	Cuzzi describes his life at the mos-
and coring, and one pound of citron, the bodyguard. Both men accompanied ,|nme*	The Saving Bachelor—He should not que as lont'^y and monotonous, most ol
one-quarter of a pound each of can- the German Emperor no his trip to He worked long and persistently be; because ha should never be in the time ,je,n£ spem jn prayer died orange and lemon peel and one Jerusalem.	with no satisfactory result. Still, he presence of strangers; that's why. VV1S 001 Permit ted to converse with
pound of shelled and blanched almond,	------------------ ** knew to a mathematical cer-	----- y^Ts of°h°' service", muteddfn not
taint y on w hich lie would stake his	PROBABLY XX ORTH IT.	m word escaped his lips, except at rare
"	toLSs srisra »	ssste vs:
men,a-	tjuar little mouth.	State occasions Cuzzi was summoned to
MARVEL OF SCIENTIFIC SUCCESS. She has, indeed, I happen to know 1 Pa,ace. where, with Stalin Pacha,
At last he hit it, he asserts, and the that her last dental bill was $87.50. L a-«#e? 88 ^uar<* aL •he door °f the world now marvels at the lesult an- ,	..	Khalifas apartments. Wh'n engaged
noumed by bim.	i	AMBITIOUS	111 servlce discipline was somewhat
When Lord Kelvin, the Shakespeare	*	relaxed. The Khalifa seemed to be
I wish I knew all the mean things proud of his white servant and showed my neighbor say about me.	him attention* which created jealousy
You want to know too much.	on the part of his dervish attendants.
But although the occasional absence from the mosque served to relieve somewhat the strain upon his mind Did I understand you to	say	that	and body,	Cuzziu declares that he
dress you admired so much to-day was	never for a	moment knew what happi-
a dream? inquired Mr. Sniokehart. ness was or fell his life secure.
Yes. answered his wife hopefully.	“in a! I the sixteen years of my cap-
XVell, he proceeded very kindly, you tivity," he said to tha Sirdar keep youi mind on it when you go to was never a day on which f had food sleep to-night and maybe	you	will	enough to	satisfy ih= gnawings of
dream one of your own.	hunger, and	whit lift 1b dura 1 man-
f aged to get in addition to the meagre rations served to me as food T had to beg. Opportunity to solicit aims was
T think I shall go into business on Fiven me at obtain times, usually during some religious celebration, which
One morning, to his great horror, a company of dervi-h soldiers appeared at the dungeon and ordered him to go with them to the palace. Cuzzi was seized with fear and trembling, beiiev-
It originally cost thousands of dollars for copper wire alone to carry comparatively weak currrents a few miles to move machinery. It was finally discovered that a tremendous voltage could be sent on a mere thread of wire, thus reducing the cost to trifling expense.
MINCE-MEAT

XX'hen the laws controlling their ap-
If our housewife follows her grand mother's recipe, she will
ing that he was to be put to death. But, instead, the Khalifa, before whom he was taken, received bim kindly, and Tesla first succeeded in transmitting I after questioning him closely inforrn-power over one wire. Now he claims ed him th.it he had 1>een created he abolishes all wires.	I Muheddin of the Mosque of Cmdure
man. He was commanded to abjure the Cathoiic religion and accept the Mahommedan. which he did without a
the laws, ho asserts, is comparatively
oscillator he was convinced that if he
THE SAVAGE BACHELOR.
murmur

LIFE IN A MOSQUE
1

'
He
»
are in turn put through the chopper and then she mixes all together, adding four pounds of seeded raisins, two pounds of cleaned currants, the grated rind and juice of four oranges and four lemons, four pounds of sugar, two «spoonfuls of salt, one level tablespoonful each of pepper, ground cloves, allspice, cinnamon, mace and nutmeg, then heats it slowly and simmers it far 15 minutes. It is then canned in quart jars. She lets this stand for a day, then adds more sugar or flavoring if hhe mixture seems to need it, a pint each of syrup taken from canned and sweet pickled fruit, and enough aweet cider to moisten.
CONTENT
i
It's wonderful that you should have survived the loss of your yellow jack t so often, remarked the Chinese courtier
!
I

Oh, replied Li Hung Chang airly, I don't care anything about that yellow jacket so long as they leave me my red tape.
ta hi

/
MEANNESS PERSONIFIED,
y

SUGGESTIONS TO HOUSEKEEPERS.
The new broom should be set with Its brush in a pail of boiling water, and left there till the water is cold. This toughens the fiber and makes it last much longer, Put a large screw-eye in the top of the handle, and always hang the broom up.
It is said that after peeling onions
the scent can be banished from the
hands by rubbing them with a stalk of
celery. By holding the onion, the knife
and the hands under water onions may be peeled without tears.
A good use for an old pair of chenille portieres—now quite out of date—is, to cut them into strips and have them woven into a rug. They should make two rugs a yard and a half or a yard and a quarter long. A good way to I get more wear out of them,
Mustard, says an exchange, should not be mixed with vinegar, which destroys its flavor. Use warm water.
there
«
%
ONE DEPENDENCE
*.
A
my own hook, said the bookkeeper.
A hook, said the assistant, is some- | m'»y h,ve lasted several days, or upon
the anniversary of the Khalifa's birth, Tht*n I was allowed the freedom of the town and the special honor of toeing permitted to beg for food was conferred upon me.
“Many times the dervishes threatened to kill uv3, and would have done so hut for a lit I le chaplet w orn around my neck, and whi h h id !>een presented to me by the Ifahdi. Seeing that Chollie is what might be vulgarly | sacred treasure the dervi h‘8 would in-cailed a swell dresser, is he not t Well raw the r
thing that can be depended on, yes?

m
'	THE USUAL WAY.
More people make a fuse over mushrooms and less people like them than any other alleged delicacy.
m
(
I
A
t

k
I
A REAL SWIFT CHAPPIE
variably
He won’t sleep without a pair of freshly creased pyjamas.
CEASE CURSING MK
and, falling upon th*ir knees, would venerate me as a sh* ik."
in Omduimnn, in friendly hinds, cuz.
Sammy—Katie, wh it will you give me ¦ ?ea,?7“l BPP'e (>f his eye. I he child for a bit o’ my apple ?	1 la white, although its mother was col-
Katie, with withering scorn-Won't I °fed* En^,i h °ffioer* "h, have seen
Tommy Tucker divs lhe tot report that she is remarkably
1 pretty and likely to develop into a strikingly beautiful woman of the Italian type.
Speaking of his daughter, Cuzzi related an incident, which shows that, barbarian though he he, the Khalifa is not wholly devoid of gentle sentiments. When the child was born to Cuzzi the Khalifa was acquainted with his good fortune and granted him an audience.
“Your Highness," said Cuzzi, “what name shill 1 give my daughter?"
Without a moment's hesitation the Khalifa asked:—
. "Whit was your mother's name?" “Maria," replied Cuzzi.
"Well," said the Khalifa,-“so let it he with this little girl. Give her your mother's name."
And (hi ; was done. Cuzzi will ro n return to Gmdurmm. and from there proceed to his old home in Italy, accompanied by his daughter.
OUTDID



*
ABOUT BABY'S FOOD
l
€
How many mothers know that the average stomach of a new-born babe holds when full, about two table-spoonsful ? How careful one should then be in feeding a baby, and how often they are overfed.
6o much depends upon the first year of a baby's life and the mother who can nourish her baby without the aid of artificial means should indeed bo happy.
Those who must feed their little

div you nothin me a whole apple for a tiss
f

A
8
SHE EXPLAINS.
He—Why do women always carry their purse in their hands?
She—Oh, don't you know? What would be the use having a nice lace handkerchief if one couldn't let the ends hang through her purse so that people might sea them.
>?

A DOMESTIC TILT
X
ones have a serious matter confronting ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
them and should exercise good judg-	Don't you think you are going to
ment and watchful care. What may	break up my happiness with a golf
agree with one may not do for another Grey cloth gowns are very fashion- that has as yet been worn The stick 1 he roared.
at all. . For this reason one can not able, rometimes made only with . the front of the gown is perfectly plain, at Don't you think you are going to
'Lnsi >¦ T — suns s. tisrJStiUJs ssa - ,m *MI *
cow’s milk, but the best medical auth- the trimming of eome contrasting the wrist with two bands of the vel-ority tells us "no infant under onei color. A very graceful gown, cut In j vet, blue and white. The hat worn year old can easily digest milk unless princesse style, is of the lightest shade with this Is a pale gray velvet trim-
tss*j2i £-d;ar z si^juoîir^ss.ra»»-» -- .»».«*«
milk." So you see even cow’s milk mu*Iter bands of a deep blue velvet, jet pins stuck through the velvet reset- ways happens.	6he, indignantly — Now, hu band,
has its disadvantage.	The wny in which these bands are put tes. The muff with this gown is of Horrigan— tea, unless ye are lookin' you know I never cm get in a word.
At is now generally conceded that) on is quite different from anything i gray chinchilla.	for It.	| g*—No, but get plenty of them out,
And the fight went on
UNLESS

m

1
?
h


_
###PAGE###4###
y
1

- “ -

I
>
(
4
4^f
J
t

t

%
/

•n end
he doe-
An «change Bays doctors, lswr preachers all make miatakes. T tore mistakes are buried ; the lawyers twist ont their mistakes; the pieaoheie forgiven; bnt editors roust fide theirs in cold type forever. The man who can keep errors out of a newspaper can get a large salary.

The United States cordially sympathise* with the Cmar'a disarmament recoin mendation.
*• A permanent universal law is needed against privateering.
____	46 The United States notes redeemed in
I gold should be paid out only in exchange
of th« Plebiscite, f»r gold, renewed.
ehow a ma-1	“ A complete plan for a merchant vee
•el picket service is needed.
44 An export yellow fever investigation N#	, commission is necessary.
One of the “ strong arguments used »» permanent increase in the army by the Liberals during the campaign in should be made.	I
Bagot County last week, was that the poo- •• Steamship lines to United States I • pie, who are mostly French Canadian, @j|onies should be subsidised.	I
should show their preference for the can |	41 Grades of admiral and vice admiral I
dials of Sir W. Laurier, because the lat-j should be revived.	|
ter was one of tl.vir compatriot#. Coin*
4.
The Gquity.
xv*s
•re
SHAWVILLE, DEC. 15, 1898.
Xv
The official ligure» published a few days ago» jority for prohibition of 12,8 >1.
Wood wanted.
rpKNDKRH addressed to the undersigned 1 will be received up to Friday noon, the
àMMonïS ffl» Tti'W
gr.tdeïoDs strr »
length. Cash pMy«nsnt on delivery Hhawvllle, I>ec. 3.UW8.
1898.
1880.
Christmas
Shopping.
Her.-T rear
44 Centennial anniversary of the founding of the city of Washington should be appropriately observed.
14 The alien contract law needs some
ment ta unnecessary.
Public Notice.
>
=•
The JP» at mauler General's new two-cent poiiage Htainp has made its appear I amendment.
ance, and here is what one esteemed con- 14 The rightful application of the eight tempory aaya about it:	44 The two cent hour law for the benefit of labor and of
Mulock «tamps are likely to be memorable the principle of arbitration should be in tho history of philately. There has | considered, been nothing liko them #1*011 ted They are liai big f r a slump and too miihII for a wall msp, and toougiy for any hing but
...»...
States for artisie to make such things, •	frbnc-h army.
Canadian taste must be of a low older indeed."
b# held at 10 a.m.. the name day. A full board le requested.
JOHN YOUNG, e
President
December 3rd. I8W.
We are again preparing for a great X trade, and we can aaeure our many friends and the general public that have never been in a better position to cater to the wants of holiday shopper#- -the result of a lot of hard thinking and careful buying. Eighteen years exper-
counta for much.
know their wants, and we
mas
we
K. UHAHAM.
Hoc.-Tresa:
Henry, Hot Dreyfus.
PURE BUBO
CHESTER WHITE HOC
We know our
Paris, Dec. 0.—The Radical, with some _	reservations, makes the statement that as
SSSKteffiBsaa
acceptance by a p. a, ma,ter of any ,uch mveMigation a, to the ...urce „f the monparcel addressed from Canada to any nth ey he wa, «pending revea.ed part of he er country, wuhout . custom, declaration, truth, confirming the atone, about the
Lett«r*offloe. '‘*No matteMhen ho: IT!	jading SO.OOo'franc,
post office may be distant from a customs a year, while his salaiy wa, only ly.OW) office tt.o one desiring to post a parcel a. franca, received money from abroad auch an office to another country must through an intermediary, who prove» to however, inconvenient, provides custom, have been Eslerliazy declaration before hi, parcel can be lent Henry seem, to have made the Drey-through the mails.	f“« dossier from all aorta of documenta a*
¦¦I	1	¦- the leakage whs discovered.
lence
people, we
know we have the goods to supply them. Every department ia complete with bright,
new, seasonable goods.
—One dollar.
jusMir.Tsa.ïasvRjœ
These pigs are larger than ordinary pigs at two mouths old.
Dry ods.
have a full
In this Department, we range of staples and an end Ivss lot of fancy goods, suitable for X mas présenta, including Handkerchiefs of all kinds; Ties, Mufflers, Fancy Wool Goods, Kid Gloves, Belts and Belt Buckles, etc., etc.
0 KO BOB TOWKLL,
Breeder of pure bred Chester White Hwlne.
North Clarendon.
Pore-ftred HoMin Hot
FOR SERVICE.
Furs.
The undersigned ofTcndlor service his purebred Berkshire Hog. Fee- One dollar.
uEOBUB CATKR,
8b ww villa.
soon as
Thus it came that Ederhazy wrote the bordereau at Henry's dictation,
We have a Urge stock of the finest in Coats, Caps, Collars, Muffs, etc. Our Coon Coats are the beat in town.
Iron Ore for England
When Hon. John Coetigan was out west recently he met Mr. J. J. Pearce,
engineer of the far famed Carnegie Iron | phone and telegraph service by a recent Works, who imparted to the ex minister storm in Hamilton is estimated at half a a most encouraging estimate of the trade | million dollars, which could be done by Georgian Bay canal in the carrying of iron ore from the Lake Supeior deposits. The account which Mr. Coatigan gave, upon his return, to the canal promoters reached The Citizen indirectly and, unfortunately, in an erroneous form it being stated that this iron ore would be f <r the supply of the Carnegie woiks m Pennsylvania. What Mr. Costigan reported was that, in the opinion of Mr. Pea ice, the construction ago, the Georgian Bay canal would render possible direct shipments of ore from Lake Supeiior tg the immense iron and steel works of Great Brita n. Mr. Pearce explained that the domestic and adjacent foreign sources of supply of hematite ore were within measurable distance of exhaustion, and that in consequence the iron manufacturers of the old country were on the look out for others. Iron ore can be more cheaply mined and loaded m the Like Superior regions than in any other country known. But the present coat of trail shipment from lake to ocean goiug craft, added to the freight charges, places it beyond reach of the British iron manufacturer. With the constluction of the Georgian Bay canal, however, vessels could load direct at the Like Superior raines and carry cargoes clear through to Manchester and other centres of manufacture without breaking bulk. This wou.d, in Mr. Pearce’s opinion, solve the problem of ore supply for Great Britain and assu.e to the Ottawa and Georgian Bay canal a traffic of splendid proportions.
Chester White Hog for
Service.
The damage to the electric I'ght, tele-
Footwear.
We are recognized leaders in this line.
The undersigned oITVr* U> farmers the service of his well-i red Chester White Hog. Fee—one dollar.
GEORGE SOMERVILLE.
Lot 7, W. Range Tborme.
At a Toronto tire on Wednesday a wo named Helen Power jumped out of a three-story window and was killed; another woman was fatally burned, and another was badly injured.
man
Groceries.
The convict Prévost who was taken from Kingston to Port Arthur last week to stand his trial for being implicated in the killing of two men about two years has been found guilty of murder.
In this Department we take pride. Our stock is very full of the choicest goods—Everything you require.
CHESTER WHITE HOC
I offer for the service of swine breeders my Improved Chester While Hog "<iuyon Boy/' No. IIOW. Thin h g was farrowed 12th March. 18tM and took first prison at UieHhaw-vl I le and Beach burg exhibitions. He Is no kin to the hog I had last year Service fee-one collar for first sow and fifty Coats for second. Hows may be return d if necessary.
HENRY T. MCIK)WELL.
Lot 4. Ranget). Clarendon.
Toys.
SELLING
You must see them to appreciate the extent and variety of our stock. Bring in the little folk and your purse will open, sure.
OUT.
NOTICE
TO FARMERS.
8ILVERWARK AND CUTLERY
FINE LAMPS, FANCY CUINAWARE
I intend going out of the Grocery and Confectionery business and will sell everything in that department at Cost price and under, until all is disposed of. I won’t give prices this week, bus come along and we will satisfy you that it is a genuine 'r,.	sale and no humbug,
unusual public interest. The same Con grass six months ago declared war aga.tist Spain, and now, wtih the war fought ami won, it came together again for legislative questions to be considered, brought by tho eventful months passed Tue spirit of the occasion was not, however, one of immediate expectancy, tor the few months left or the existence of the 35th Congress gave promise of little more than a beginning of the momentous policies and prob etna growing out of tho
Don’t fall to visit us before X mas. You are heartily welcome whether you buy or not.
For the greater convenience of mg customer», in addition to mg Storehouse at Bristol, I have erected two new Store houses—one at McKee's and the other at Wgman's— and am prepared to bug all kinds of good, clean Grain, for which 1 willpag the. highest price the market will allow.
J. H. SHAW.
President's Message
SUMMARY OF PRESIDENT MCKINLEY S MESSAGE TO CONGRESS LAST TUESDAY.

'
E. GRAHAM.
Elmslde, Oct. I7ib I89S.
J. S. MceUIBS.
AUHStBS*
<6S
BUSINESS
CHANCE.
?
mm
ilchosen with \ .
NEW
GOODS
&
w
??
on
ERT
NEW I Furniture
GOODS
xX


9
x

Furniture Furniture
good quality and of all styles at
Amaziagfly Low Prices
FOR CASH.
war.

The undersigned desire to inform the people of HhawvMle and surrounding country tbnt they have bought out the Tlnnmlthing Business and Stock of Mr. HARRY PERRY, In Bhawvllle. and that they Intend carrying on I he name In the old stand—opposite the Rue sell House. By strict a'tentlon to business and tquare dealing they hope to merit a fair share of the public patronage.

41 Imperialism " in tho lie ie s 1 jut on the Oil Cuba he is out spoken
J
44 There ia no President’» message.
Philippines, for Cuba libre fur tho Cubans. The Pres*

-vi
i
I am now receiving and
passing into stock a complete range
X\ X
r
V
l I
Li \

„\\V Sr
%\
of
3
ident say* :
41 Cubiiis must have an opportunity to form a government f ir themselves.
44 An international agreement for uniform cable tolls aie needed.
44 Congress ehou d act at onco for the completion of the Nicaragua canal.
44 The open door in China will help
United Suues trade.
44 A commission to study commercial and industrial conditions in China is needed.
44 Tlw United States’ relations wills Great Britain are most friendly. The latter’s offices during the war are lecog-niaed.
44 The high joint commission negotiations arc tending to a favorable conclu-

FALL GOODS
I.
Z *
m


MS W
OF ALL LINES
<
To which I wish to call tho attention of my customers and the public generally.
assflEiitoirssyteris
à Marlin Repeaters ?
hare Solid Tope, shedding water tike a A duck’s Back. Our 197-pape book (Just out)
K telle all about them. Up-to-date Infor- ù; matlon about powders,black and smoke-lees; proper sizes. quantities, bow to load; hundreds of bullet*, lead, alloyed, jacketed. soft nosed, mushroom, etc.; trajectories, velocities,penetration*. All calibres S3 to 4» ; how to care fer arms and
MïTBMSCTfrj
THE STOCK COMPRIMES A SICE UNE ( K
COOKING, BOX AND PARLOI R
The goods have been selected with great care and bought at close figures, and it is ray intention to share both of these advantages with intending purchasers.
SILAS YOUNG,
Starke’s Corners.
-STOVES-
/
STOVE FURNISHINGS,
COOKING UTENSILS, TINWARE, AGATEWARE, &c
?

JAMES MCARTHUR

?L\y, eyOCH
of all kinds satisfactorily done, at—
MODERATE PRICES.
8 HjA W.V ELLE.
non.
•* Red Cross work should be extended to sea duty by all nations.
44 The United States extradition statutes need» amending.
For Prices on MARLINS, (any calibre) consul!
YOUR NEAREST DKALPIT.
GEO. W. DALE. ROBT. A. DALE.
?
ShAK ville, Nov. 15,1808.
i


###PAGE###5###


•* Ollte " Mann, an employer of the Ottawa water work# department, has been sentenced to two years imprisonment for embezzlement.
The Busy
Store # # # #
Shorey’s Clothing..
for Youths, Boys and Children

I

«

WANTED
# # fit e
is cut and tailored in the best style, sewn with linen thread and gives your boy just that appearance you would most desire.
It is a mistake to associate style with high ~ prices. It does not * cost any more to cut a garment to fit than to cut it badly.
It is sold by all up-to-date dealers and has a Shorey's Guarantee Card in one of the pockets of each garment which means Satisfaction or your money back. See that you get Shorey’s make and take no other.
uuinnAnnJuiAnAAnAnnAAAAJUVUVinA/iA
Shorey’s Ready-to-Wear Clothing can be obtained from the following firms :
U. 8. DOWD. ..
O. F. H0D01N8,
O’MB Alt A BROS.
Paul McNally.
F. A. MAYLONEY,
# #
The Busy
$||| Centre

i
AT ONCE.
t /
Z
*,n '
(
ANY QUANTITY OK
F


Sawlogs and Shingle Wood
a a
Buying here is always satisfactory, because assembled here as nowhere else in the town is to be found a magnificent collection of what is best in Dry Goods, Men’s and Boys’ Clothing, Furnishings, Hats and Caps,
Boots and Shoes, Groceries, Crockery and Hardware, and everything else usually found in an up-to-date establish-###### mont. ••••«.
*v

*i
• .4
fjt •


m

t

i
%
»
11


Elliott & Barter’s Mill
'
» I
r

SHAWVILLE.
Christmas Presents.
O
As we expect to commence running on or before the 10th of December we arc now prepared to take any quantity of logs and shingle wood.
You will find hundreds of beautiful articles in our immense stock suitable for Xmas presents. Living in a practical age, your friends will appreciate a useful present.
Christmas Groceries,
We have bought in specially for the Christmas trade a large supply of the very finest quality of Fruit, Candies, Spices Peels, Biscuits and everything to help you enjoy your Xmas feast. Make your selection now while the ...............assortment holds out....
Qüyon.
Sll A W VILLE,
Bryson.
Campbell^ Bay Çhapkau.

Thanking our customers /or past pat rouage we hope by giving good satisfaction to merit a continuance of the same.
ELLIOTT & BARBER.
Tenders Wanted.
The drath sentence of Mann, the mon* treat muderer, has been commuted to imprisonment for life. Mann's crime wai the killing of his mother-in law, while attempting to shoot his wife.
TDEADY
-tv _>0B_
Tie Wilier Traie.
VT10RUPPLY 10)0 cedar posts. 8 feet ong 1 and 61 lichen In diameter at smaller end, •mind and straight, to he delivered on L- t No. 11,41b range of Bristol, not later than the first of March. 189V. Tenders lo be In before the 1st of January, 1899. Alan a quantity of ash poles.	DUNCAN H CaMPRKLI*
Manie Ridge P. O., q»ie
O
Special Attention.
A Letter From Dtwson Olty
We have just passed into stock a repeat lot of
FROM A PONT!AO BOY WHO CONSIDER* THE COUNTRY ALL RIGHT BUT BADLY ADMINISTERED.
O
Farm For Sale
Shorey’s Beady - to - Wear Rigby Waterproofed
<$^_FRIEZE ULSTERS
nTKNDINO PURCHaHERH will find me now In readinesH for Hi© approaching Winter trade with a larg* Mock of
I
Mr. Dave McFarlane, (formerly agent I for the lumber firm of Moore Bros.) who went to the Klondyke last spring, when the rush was on, has written a letter to a friend in Clarendon, who has kindly given The Equity permission to publish such portion of the contents as are deemed of interest to our readers. The letter is dated Dawson, Oct. 10th some
The undersigned offers for sale him farm. •Hunted on theflrh and 7th range .of Bristol, and oont lining In all about 150 acres. of which 75are cleared, and under cultivation. The premises are well watered and h ive erected thereon a good dwelling house, barn, three •tables, sheds, milk hous* and all necessary outbuildings. The farm Is situated about 3 miles from Bristol Station. For further particulars and terms,
R[C&aHD°McO a ffery ,
Welrstead P. O
CUTTERS
made from pure wool, five pockets, deep flaps, large collars with throat tab, double-stitched edges, raised seams and full length. Water-proof, wind proof,
frost proof, comfortable.
ty Call early early and secure one of these garments KP as they are being picked up quickly. 1*%)
Got up in the latest and most stylish designs and finish.
An Inspection of these first-class Rigs is respectfully Invited.
After
introductory remarks the writer
proceeds as follows :—
Getting to this country after navigation opens is comparatively an easy matter — in fact, the hardships of the trip have been greatly exaggerated. My party sleighed over White Pass to Lake Bennett in two weeks with our complete outfits, comprising about 1500 lbs. per man. We freighted our stuff with a pair of oxen and two horses. From Bennett we sledged al our supplies to Lake Tngish wheie we pitched tents in order to build our scow; whip sawed lumber and put the scow to.' gather in about ten days, then loafed around until the like partly cleared of ice. We pushed out on 25th May, reached White Horae rapide about 27th. Looked it over and was very much disappointed as I fully expected from the description I had read of it to be a piece of water that a follow could take pride in running successfully, instead of which I merely a rapid which any of our good river over in the east would not think twice about shooting on a eawlog. I thought so little of it that I ran my complete out-tit over in the scow including a horse | that I brought with enjoys the only honor in connection with the trip am he was the only horse to go through the rapide. I am going to keep the horse over winter ; I cut sufficient wild hay to keep him. By the way any kind of wild hay is at present selling for 20 cents per pound and before spring it will be worth 40c. I am leaving one of our party in Dawson; he will do cprting to the mines and will average about $30 per day all winter comprising our party and myself will spend the winter working our mining
prop, rty on Dominion Creek. This creek is supposed tv be very rich. The mine is about 65 miles from Dawson. 1 have secured quite a number of mining tcrests but until development cannot y how they will turn out. The country is all right and I am satisfied that I will pull out of it ahead, financially. Wages range about $1.00 per hour during fall and winter anct$1.50 per hour in spring and buinnvr
o
"Wishing you a Merry Çhristmus and a Happy and Prosperous New Year, We are,
Yours to command,
As usual I am prepared to execute all ordera for
SUITS
SUITS
SUITS
Sloops, Sleighs, &c.,
or anything in connection with the Blackamithing business.
G,F. HODGINS’ Dplmtal Store.
SUITS
SUITS
SUITS
ARE AWAY DOWN LOW
IN PRICE FOR THE NEXT
Thirty Days.
ARTHUR SMILEY,
SHAWVILLE, HUE.
ment official here is corrupt, and are open for any kind of a deal or steal which they can make'anythingat. About 70 per cent, of the miners are Americana and our laws are so administered as to make me almost ashamed to acknowledge being a Canadian.
More Work for Kitchener
THE KHALIFA ABDULLAH HA1I> TO HK RECRUITING ANOTHER ARMY OF DERVISHES
Shawville
Sash and Door Factory.
McCredic & Mm, Proprietors.
Montreal, Dec, 10.—A special to the Star from Cairo says : The Khalifa Abdullah, who tied into the desert with less than 200 men before the tuittle of Onidur-inan had ended, m preparing for another struggle with the British. It is this which is bringing the Sirdar Irnck so hurriedly from England.
Couriers have arrived at Omdurman with the news that Abdullah has left his hiding place in the desert near Kordofan and is now at Kobe in Darfur with a force of Dervishes.	Darfur is hundreds of
miles farther off the Nile than Konlofan, and it is apparent that the Khalifa is not seeking immediate conflict with the Brit-This region, however, is the very heart of the desert, is excellent recruiting for another Dervish army, and this is undoubtedly Abdulah's intentions.
The Darfur tribesmen are among the bravest aud most fanatical Moslems. In spite of	the	slaughter with which
they were defeated at Omdurman it is generally feared that the fanatic» will again march east to the Nile.
Another campaign is apparently in store for Lord Kitchener. In any event, ter at a étranger » house, and next morn the reconquest of K-idufan and Pufu. ing	after breakfast	the owner of the	houae	f„r Egypt	will	probably be undiriakei,
und	his	wife,	accompanied	by	Dr.	and	next year.	It m ill be an exceedingly dif-
Mrs. Brown, went out into the wood#
Yours truly,
David R McFarlane
saw
men
news
Doors. Mouldings, Blind#, etc.,
Sashes, manufacta-ed to order.
All kinds of Matching and Planing done on ’ shortest notice.
A Tragedy of Years Ago.
A WOMAN CLAIMS THAT AN AWFUL CRIME WAS COMMUTED IN B&UCg COUNTY FORTY TWO YEARS AOO.
Estimates Furnished
me. The horse
Save money by securing a suit while the low rate lasts— only thirty days.
• Walkerton, Deo. 5 —A strange woman who claims to h.til from Manitowan-IU2, Manitoulin Islands, tells a story which, if true, unearths one of the foulest crimes that was ever committed in
*
A*
II,

ish
P A v
Bruce county.
The woman's story is as follows:
Some forty two years ago a certain Dr. Brown, his wife and two children moved from the C >unty of York to Invermany, m The township of Arran. One of these children wa? the lady in question, and was then only some three or four years of age. The boy was left at Collingwood, md the d- ctor and his wife and little girl wont on to Invermany. They found ehel
C. FRRME.
>V
Pontiac Pacific Junction By.
/CONCERT !
The other two men
o
Official Time Table ;
AM
P.M
Arrive 9 45 "	9 21
5.45 Leave
Aylmer tBreckcnri.'ife t Eardley Parker1# Crossing t Mohrs Quyr.n Wyman's
t Tank Bristol McK< '»
Khawvtile f’lark’s
CampbcM's Hay ?Tsi.k Î Vinton
CnuiongP
* Mellon's Wnli hum
•Flag Station. fTank. t'Flag Station

A GRAND CONCERT
. WILL BE HELD IN .
6.12
9.06
M
6.16
8 U S
»«
6 2d
8 50
Mr. Joseph Roy’s Hall,
4S
6 3
8 40
MM
M
6 47
8 22
«•
6.50
««
8.14
(Opposite the Post Office)
OTTER LAKE,
On Tuesday, 27th December, 1898,
In aid of the K. C. School.
ticu’.t taek involving a march of i thousm^ *5s mile» or more thru ugh a Wàierieèa ^eo* ? •»»	-,
ert. The aid wh'eh the Nile afforded ii« ! 7.45 the advance to Khartoum will not l> available there.”
8.08
»•
8 02
HEARD A SCREAM
7.52
7.31
A few minutes after leaving the hots* he lady says she heard hef mother scream, B »ard averages about $3 00 per day. hut the other children would not let her so aman nets $7.00 per day in winter, leave the house to see what was the mat-anil $12.00 per day in spring. The rate ter. The owner of the house and hie wife fur waggoning in Dawson is $10 00 p»r soon returned, but would not tell wha hour for mau and team, and during past had become of her father and mother, summer they had more work than they The little girl continued to live with this could hustle. I know if I was coming family, and was passed off as their daugh to this country next spring, I would bring ter. The lady maintains that a short a couple of pairs of general purpose time after the disappearance of her father horses with feed to keep them a year; and mother a stranger called at the house also go» d strong waggons, and 1 am satis one night and never left alive. She tied I could make good money out if claims that the man waa murdered and the * venture. Horses weighing about his corps buried at the end of the house. 1200 are the best for this country and A few days latter on the family moved to they can be bought right in B. C. An- Manitoulin Island] and here she had other good scheme would be to bring in reason to suspect that a traveller was a herd of milch cows with twelve months murdered by the same people, feed. If I had seven or eight milch cows The bones of the man whom she alleges here now I would not pay much atten- was buried at the end of the house, are tion to raining as that would be gold mine being dug for. Chief Constable enough.	Briggs was well acquainted with the peo-
There are lots of openings in special P*e who§e names the lady mentions lines to make money, but the trouble is	whose indentity he refuses to
disclose. It is understood that an Owen Sound lawyer has become interested m the matter and is investigating.
fi
7 18
«m
7.16
S 08
7.M
<12
4 4
6 54
»
«$0
««
fl 39
<17
O
Lea v<? 4.30
<56 Arrive
Removed Ms Stomach
The Entertainment will be varied and will consist of everything to mako it a decided success.
A REMARKABLE OPERATION IN A M N
TRIAL HOSPITAL.
Connecting with Hull Eiectiic Railway
Aylmer.
V
There will be
P. W. HESSE MAN,
OWNER II. HUPEI’. INTEND ENT
Selections on the Graphophone, Songs, Choruses, Dialogues, Recitations, Farces, Clog Dances, Negro Comicalities, Juvenile Ar lists, Breakdowns, &c..............
SANTA CLAUS will bo present to take a prominent part in the entertainment, at which he hopes to meet all the children of the neighborhood.
THE SMALLEST NEGRESS in the
world will bo one of the attractions, also a host of other amusements tcc numerous to mention.
Montreal, Dec. f>. — An operation of s peculiar and difficult nature was successfully performed at ?he General Bospila on Tuesday afternoon, when the atomacl was removed from a patient. A few days ago an elderly gentleman who had beer suffering for some time with stomach trouble, was admitted to the hospital. After a careful diagnosis it was decided that the case was one of cancer of the stomach. The only remedy was the removal of the entire organ, and although this was an operation that never before had been attempted in Canada, and only four cases of which were known to medical science, it was decided upon. In the presence of a number of doctors and a large class of students, it was successfully performed on Tuesday afternoon. The patient is now doing well.
The first operation of this kind was reported from Zut*ch, Switzerland, about two years ago.
PATENTS
PROMPTLY SECURED
Write for our interesting books " Invent; or's Help" and "How you are swindled. Hcnd us a rough sketch or model of vvur invention or improvement and wo will tell you flreo our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Wo make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
Civil A Mechanics! Engineers, Graduates of tho roiytochnlc School of Engineering. Bachelors in A:ip led Sciences, Levai University. Members I rent Law Association. American Water Works Association, New England Water Work# Aesoo. 1*. U. 8ui veyors Association, Assoc. Member Can. Society of Civil Engineers.
.......JMW YORK LIFE BLOT, MOMTSEAL 0AM.
OFFtOES. y atLAMTIO BUILDING., WASHINGTON, 0.0.
IF YOU WANT AN EVENINGS SOLID FUN, DONT FAIL To COMB.
Admission by Tickets, which may be hsd at the Post Office at 25 cents for adults ; 10 cents each for children ; reserved seats 35 cents each.
no person appears to know it uutil they got here, when it is too late.
I have been a pretty strong Liberal all my life but unless they improve the way
in which they have been administrating I General Garcia, the distingu here, I am afraid I will not be with them soldier, died suddenly at Washington on next election. Nearly every Govern j Sunday.
iehed Cuban
Doom open at 7.30, p.m
God Save the Queen
s'*

###PAGE###6###
1

teeth seizing the clothing of the suf- he had presided with great dignity, Is
feiiug ones «ml pulling them ashore!, happier than Henry ViII. was on th the waves to a level, until over glit-Amt what do you suppose God thinks day when Anne Holeyn came to the leiing floor of the hii bed waters have of us if, having escaped from I he floods palace—than Napoleon HI. at the time inarched all the coil dations of God, of sin and darkness and death, we aie of his coronation—than any man who troop by troop, culturing an unchristian selfishness, trusta in the wealth or honor of this	"()|, weep no more,
while there are hundreds and thou- , world for his chief satisfaction. 1 ex-	Your comfort slain;
sands all around about us still at rug- gwet the day will come when I ran set	Th,, i<or<i ,M risen,
gling in the wave f I say, let us have the consolations of that Gospel on your I	lives again "
¦*......................mmsm	................„..
................>rr,, ë
Home hear that Paul has landed at; that used ^, tZJ Who s lat	; they whine about it. What and hell. I have tried ti> how you that »(hU- Hia sin waa m not resist mg
Zz"w%Lr::^	pt'utr sir
he saw them, his heart revived, or, as 4»u ought to have ^known ^ it Godt He ^ea through them; he sees death or judgment, or heaven or hell. h1lH ,aworn l^omise of fe-ilty to Nel.u-mv text says, "He thanked God and a sin no to >e ;,<-in	,	they are a sham. Friday morning, that I have not presented, 1 wish you 1,1 «dnvzznr. Moral weakness brings
....	Th. ^...ripuv, »,
nnluis o su it >. n >'	... up 1 How cheerful he is! How fasci- you I hit religion w'as an indispensable gerents of Jeho/nh, personally lespon-
thnst, decline to >ou * I	¦ nating he is while he is selling the thing, not a mere adornment, hut	to him. When, therefore, inin giving the i ig ii i m. o	*	‘	bale	goods 1	You go away, "saying,	something that you must	have or cli* .	dependent	existence	had become	im-
io every one w ho comes °	.	* That	is one of	the most agreeable men	I know that truth is not	always con-	P<>	sil»l* to	Judah, and the word of	the
....- *»¦ <>»*»• ».......... “T FrrF4%'-si to %tsnsrœ.“«jsiK;sirs K&rxxfs?..'tsStt
ing a week, with a golden lioidei	h is dread) -en . • « « > ,,*»l '¦>	“ ' >	¦	er-mectiug where the same Christian	bear it. It fel it is	a	vital truth	of	“evil in the eyes of the Lord," posi-
of Sabbath.	Three hundred and Mvly-	when our new Çhurcn snall	,,‘	1	1	merchant worship*, and you find him I Christianity : "Itelieve	in	Christ and	live sin, to disobey that	direction. Ac.............................................................................................................................
foi the noon and twelve foi in K • to the most cheerful	l	countenance and a dolelul phraseology, j world to love him and 1 have, with nli however, and much leas force of ehar-
In tint time how many marriage gar- Let there he in n a m»’ " ' p 'enough to umke an undertaker hurst t he tv ties and figures of God's word after.
I pie	are thaï 1	this Jesus
...... ............« “T - ra.Æ5^V;vfltiSSr 'SaSS?Æ &ÏS3 MTV&'iSl ÜSASrJttl	K
I. how many fortunes won.	how	him	y	worship, and have nothing u	•	I -	whom	I spoke	hud move exhilaration	The angels of God hive	not stopped	So	t h ‘<e off.cera of	the kingdom	are
immortals	aavedl	) VU go to the «ocial.le ; ih.-n have no'ti-	when	he was	Belling a bill of goods	tinging "tlam-st Home."	Th re
by sycophancy or by the	the long-met îe doxolog.v. He'	Ijp	^ ’	that no to bof How many are driven	Church in heaven.	against it. That is. he	drew lines of
prejudices, but by	'*> k,ml* sympathetic wr> n	\ i	from the doors of the churches by the	Now the year is done.	If you have	ditches around it, with	a rampart on
.......... = FE£f œ-^ - E—HE: HE I «H Eæ-E si™ 3 EHB
MM JpÉHpKH I	IHHI Hü WÊÜÊUË
Th' year has been to me contrived to throw huge rocks to great
ONE CHRISTIAN FAMILY'
m<l t hv fret of Christ have trampled | it aa its iron 1er provint# sgalnot
He reigned eleven year».
Ktfjrpt
Years of interminable anxiety and ml most matchless weakness of character. Of HamuUU, hi* mother, nothing if known. Jeremiah, his father, was not, so far a* we know, related to Jeremiah
REV. DR. TALMAQE PREACHES ON THE FLIGHT OF TIME.
We rrwu'l* » *tral*hlforward «ienpel-
€ hrlutlnn Hortel.î-»w 4'uinforl» wf Mvllllon
Tries i* Create Mem Take Ike InleThelr Mesliires—The Dr. Score» ll»e
Lihnah wh.s n strong
city in the aoûthwest corner of the little kingdom of Judah 2. lie did that which wae evil in the
Long-Faced t hrlsllnn
A despatch from Washington Dr. Ta Image preached from the following text:—“He thanked Hud, and look
—Acta, xxviii., 15
sa y a
w
purposely u had man. lie was certainly no worse, hardly so had, as the
Paul had
courage
ju t come soon to go across to meet, perhaps, a great many trials
IV'.HS
you n »
llie country to Home.

I* !"
1
my own feelings this morning may not be ufvare that this is the anniversary of my sett lenient as the pns-
Fifty-two times
tor of this church
x\ ea x
». II» had cast them out fioin his
how many
lands have been twisted,
I
are 'cist out fiozn the presence of Jehovah, 4. Nebuchadnezzar
tils lost, how many
came
anti low, no consultât ion of your
preai hing n regardless as to where it hit
g '	: Eg 1#:^ I	I
Hfi
_ ,	. .	...	.	. tue minister amt t be elder wûo camel that nU| our Tabernacle in ash >s has.
Again, I have tr led in this c »	to my father's house on a family visit; under the good hand of God, been the
to preach an every-day ie igion.	and in yfather came out on the hack liest blessing I bat could possibly have
vas- majority of my oongregat ion a » e, steps, and cried, "De Witt, where are come to us. Î think we all feel that, in u si ness life. It would have e» n yoll ?”	IX» Will made no answer Mit has consolidated us as nothing could
and the battering
would he railed to some other poahion, i, is for brethren -o dwell together in,	^	to	% ft % “if* 7h “g «S* cafcffi	3
¦*eaieiiei
••	*c‘""“"" * pSTaî.'ir.reS*."r.ltk assure*tstz^h-at £z:K£X; srr%xz:!
—-h.	- «   .TMKCTc'r.ï^fjr ssret £2 ssc.!'.1 sss ssuVLtiîSàsi.ttr.’S'Z
Christ, who is in his thiid settlement, die ns for i hole» a 01 yellow fo'*.r» ° have gone just right up and put my du red for Chiist. The success of the there was no bread fur the ,iTh*
much prospect tint the third will long bring tint particular phnae of 4 which of driving the world howling away, as free Christian church. While the best rpftu, *	ull	« uii.Wf
¦	Lis thoroughly adapted to the case. (though it were : omet hing disagree- men and women and the best news- sa M v 7r < mit hJ C hZhuï L	f
.,.ml.,,,r.ofChri.l.h,,hu,,,or J;/-2TwhoT^^	.	—
#'##=:#### ssi?essî! ppsil
«eiii ill
crossed his mind, and the thought of him if ho will |enj you u thousand do I-, tribulation and trial does require some >jm f u h ,, h : with him a|e,?eTeral instances in Eastern cities
. —r:~H2 ssimmm
there may be some here who love not not give it, and in utter despair, and vem«nt—if not in your immediate cir- ,	•	(	, j ^ Now the Chaldeans were by the city
¦ S^JsSfE:	SH-SF^ t — SHTt
of that minister brought the old man wll4, in ig57, helped a dozen people : you Mom most other sorrows you can g	^ {	• ullali nt	k»”g s party was forced to sun along
to Christ at one hundred years of age,	through the financial straits He loan-1 run away. You cm go home, but how	^ t	»	*.oad	leading	from	Jerusalem to
and eighty-five years after he had	ed a thousand dollars here, and five | H a part of the home ltwlf ia g on.*	\Ve enter, now upon another year. It	1 Jerivbo-	^ey	did	hot	select	the
lou» Gospel. Now, U me l* fi.iuk, ^is trial came. Where were those old Put youi foot on tht pedal and your st i i II carry on his work ; I ut his Church
r, rv.; a f.,X.re , ewîjïtï®maœa?'( sr-xs	a æ s
fWence and yuur deep sympathy m lll(,ss you |" forgetful of the fad that y>u struck one key and I he chon did	(, , ,ho mas8l>a of Washington,
C hristian work. If you have seen one ount., 0f pure financial help at not re pond, bcciu.se it was broken.	nolhing can pul you to confusion We
in me many shortcomings, be aware of ,hll limP would have been worth fifty V hy thit ruin, th ¦ nitre acromp.,ni-	need no i|la‘r ,fcloU(1 d.,_ t0 l(,nd
the fact that 1 have had u deeper iea l- ,on8 ()f -God bless yous." instead of ment. Well, .-ometunes in life you	for' God's angels are sworn
zaiion of them than you possibly could going at such a time to worldly re- hive been going on in great joy and	to d<lfend u luld BuccesH in
have had, and I am here to say that	sources, why did you not go to (tod ? hilarity, when suddenly you have	the fulllre is a8 CPrtilin ns though
you have given me more than I de-	\Vhy did you not lock the door of your thought of a voice, just one voice, that	on 1hal, wj]1 j saw coming „ut in let-
serve, and thnl your kindness through private office, and get down on your has been lushed of one heart l ha I is |ers uf fi wbi[a t s ak .|y, , the last four years has made my minis- kn-es, and say, "Oh, Lord I thou still, and the silent key- spoiled all the wilh y<m aivvays_ eVen unto th - end of try in this place an undisturbed sat- æeat my basin“ss trouble. There mu le	the world
isfactuin.	...	bs that note in the hank. I have no Dh, if we could all die together! If pjetion „f	work undertaken. 7
I remark again, I have tried, in my money to meet it. There is my rent we could keep the la ml) 4 and the	%now if God calls me before th it lime
ministry during the past year and the it has become due; what shall I do » beep of our family flock together un-	he will let mp come i ut on the battle
past years, to create amidst this pco- about it? There are my unsaleable til >ome bright spring day. the birds	men(s ()f heaven, and	look off on Hie
pie, Christian sociality. '1 here are goods at the warehouse. Lord Jesus, a-chan and the water n-glitter, and	eatBbH8hmenl of	tint	work for which	gave JudK*ueni upon him. Commenta
churches that are arctic seas, ^iceberg help me out of this trouble/’ God then we together could hear the voice	my W()U, ionge(i.	^0||	on 8wertj dftyB	tors call attention to the
grinding against iceberg. The attend- would have done it as certainly as he of the good Shephered, and we could	of grid's emancipation • when I he	,h,f	this Wl8	thp	trial of a	commor
ants upon them come as men come into 8its upon the throne and offers help all go through the flood, hand m	mountain# and the hills shall break	crininth	Zedekiah	had	forfeited	hi#
the ferry-lxiat, tilting down beside to men who want it. You did not	hand! If we only knew wh»nwe ^yere I	fortb into singing, and all the trees	kingship hy breaking	his oath.	The
each other—no nod of recognition, no go for it, and you did not get it. If	to die, and we could gal her our family	of , hft wood shall clap their hands	Phraee is Ht erally “spoke	with	hire
hand-grasping of fellowship, no throb you had made your religion do that, and ray, "Now Jesus calls us. and we	an(, instead of the thorn shall com*»’	Judgments."	A	striking phrase	say;
of brotherly and tisterly affect ion. it would have 1mm» n worth something, mud away;" -md then we could put	up ,ht. fir-tree, and instead of the	Hr.	Terry, implying that the judgmenti
They come in, they sit down, they go Your religion, instead of being a robe	our little ones in the bed and straight-	hl.ier 8hall come up tht myrtle-tree-	rendered were not in	word	only,	hut
From Saturday to Monday morn- to wrap around you and keep you	l*n out their limbs, and say. "Sleep,	anri it shl|] ^ (o (hA T^„d for a name	in (leed
ing thjy are ferried over by Christian warm in the chill blasts of trials, had now, the last sleep," and then we	for an everlasting sign that shall not * 10- The king of Babylon slew th#
ordinances, and that is all there is of j been merely a string of beads around could go to our own couches and lie	t)e cut 0ffe	sons of Zedekiih Ijefure his eyes
it. Now, my dear brother, if you a re j your neck, very beautiful to look at, down, and say, "Master, we are all	was the refinement of cruelty to bring
cold and hard and selfish, then the I and that is all. I have seen a man in ready. The children have gone, and	t ha death agonies of the poor king’»
higher ihe wall you build around your a business strait go through, sustain- we are ready.’’ Bur it is not that TIIT ^IIIVI^AY	into the last scene his
soul, the better. Y ou would do well to ed by the grace of God By disaster,	way., It is one by one—one by one.	It	£111*	Ovl	1 JL11UUL*	lx h !d.
be exclusive; but if there is in you in one night his fortune all went,	may be in midwinter, and the snow	|	--------------—	of Judah
any thing kind, any thing lovely, When I saw him before, he was worth comes down twenty inches deep above INTERNATIONAL LESSON, DEC. 18. king’s any thing noble, any thing useful, let hundreds of thousands of dollars ; now our fresh graves; or it may l>e in the	__ '	'	hellion
it shine out. Suppose a vessel were he was not worth a farthing. Yet he dark, damp, chill March midnight; or *4	, r .	„	had b»*en given by Nebuchadnezzar’#
driven on the rocks, and while fifty was counting up his heavenly treas- it may bo eo suddenly we can not say r J1*®	Jrr* ”* ,lle officers for th »ir submission,
people were struggling in the surf, one ures. If God had knocked out the I i/oo 1-bye. Oh death is bitter —a rack-	fcoidea " Jer. w.#x	H. Then he put cut the eyes of Zede-
man gets safely to the beach, and runs bottom of his earthly fortune, that ling, treme.ndou4 cursel 1 he apple	PRACTICAL NOTES.	kmh. Ea tern people regard a blind
up to the fi hermin’s hut and sits bottom waa found to be the top of the that our first parents plucked from Verse 1. One and twenty years old man a9 incapable of ruling. Already down and warms himself, regardless of chest in which are the jewels of heav- the lo:bidden tree had in it two black .	. v 1T!in .	_ . m ... . .	. Zedekih’s daughteis h d been
those who are still struggling in the en! And if his riches took wings und Leeds, one called Bin, the other called '	g	g * k ngdom ^ak**n captive. Bound h m in chains,
^iter—what a cruel thing that would flew away, in their flight they met I Death. But l bless God that 1 h ive was small, but his task was great for Probably bound him hand and foot to. | How much better, like t ht sur- the ravens of God coming down to	boon able during these four years	lo	m> young	a man ;	Egypt claimed bis	Put him in	prion	till the day of	hit
\ors of the Atlantic shipwreck, toil- hungry Elijah! That man to-day, on	preach to you resurrection hope.	A	kingdom	ns its	frontier province	d“ath- Tradition	gays	that	when	in
\with both hands until the right a salary of twelve hundred dollars as I gale from heaven has blown off the	,	, .	, Babylon Zedekiah was forced to work
•wl, caps" of i he billow of sorrow, •*a,,,st	an<l H;,h> l,,n r* ll,,“‘d j, mill.
Of this
1 know a
righi to kill a miniate:
survive; while on the oilier hand,there
at ha." country
of that sermon of John Flavel
memory
how
close of the service, said
one
over lha mountains.'but that over the vadey or plain. They were making u mad race for the desert.
But the army of the Chaldean# pursued after the king. The troops aa we hive seen, hid surrounded the city, and probably detachments of the army held all the road from Jerusalem to Jeiicho; so Zedekiah had little chance. All his army was scattered from him in utter disorganization. Those th it were captured were at made slaves.
9. Riblah in the land of Hamath There were two Hi blahs the place to which Bharaoh-neeho had summoned Jehoth.iz, J Kings, 23 33. j I It was on the east bank of the, Orontei , j River, about thirty-five miles northwest of Baalbek. A modern xillage of the same name occupies its site. Ho
'
8
x
my
once
This was
I will live to s»*e the corn-
fact
c-
out
I!
eye*
Slew also nil I h i prince, Th y have been th# chief advisers in his reAn abundant opportunity
•IV
ve out and then with their I a cleik in the same store over which
\



		

###PAGE###7###
POINTED PARAGRAPHS
FUNN1GRAMS.
A Clear, Concise Statement about
Catarrh
A worn nus look may affect a man more than her words.
No one hi# been able to prove that Bacon was Shake's peer.
Realization is never a luxury to the man who did not hope.
Only the fear of endless torment causes some sinners tto repent.
CEYLON
LUDELLA
Hargreaves—Ik) you know what la the difference between on avenue and a
TEA.
it rent Ï Ferry—About #30 on a month's rest.
Tommy—Paw, how did lead get it's
name? Mr. Figg—They tried to make n ills of It, and found It could not be driven.
How This Disagreeable Disease May Be Entirely Overcome.
There is no other like it. In the truest sense it is unmatchable Lead packages—25, 40, 50 and 60 cents.
Catarrh in the head, with its ringing noises in the ears, buzzing, snip-
rCQSor P0ULTH»
IB you lute any A PPL ES, •UTTER 1 So sfclp, Bbly them to
The Dawson Commission Co., Limited
An hasy Quest ion.—1Teacher—'Why I the» delicate tissues, giving them a ten- and trouble would very soon begin to did the Nop in ms and Saxons fight at deney to health instead of disease, and Hastingsf Pupil—That’s where they cures the affliction, in a natural way, happened to meet, ma'am.	simply by removing its cause and reH-™.,	mm.m ^ «.W.K
now speak the English language. She i^fore the disease develops into so me -—I wonder how many of them say " he | thing more serious.	Remember
done it” and “ 1 have saw?'
FREE.
It’s uWiens for a mun to seek a steady job if he ian't that way himself.
Turn some men loose in a brewery
to
We give this fine tch, e»d else e
¦ ¦ BALTIC RCHTOHBD WITHOUT MBDi. II CINE Ofl EXPENSE to he MO <T UIH-L>KJ>KltKI) STOMACH, LUNCH, NKRVE8, 1.1 VER, It LOO U, BLADDER, KIDNEYS. BRAIN and BRE ATH by
|XU BaRHY'8 RKVALENTA ARABICA \J FOOD, which 8AVKH INVALIDS amd CHILDREN, aed also Rf# s rno<# efnlly In fsnU whose Alimente end Debility here reeluted ell other U eu men le. It die lell other Feed is rejected, eaves 00 cent In medicine.
selling two desen
Lave» Collas Buttons, el 10 cis esch. Send year address
ard the
KÏÏ52S
«
A GIRL'S TRIBUTE
I
SHE TELLS HOW DODD’S KIDNEY PILLS GAVE HER HEALTH.
Lise. Ne money re-q aired. Sell Ike But-
eeU whom
timee lie
Hood’s Sarsaparilla
your
Mr». Pitt—lias Mm. Oakland any children Î Mr». Penn—tihe hits two, a boy I ! g, ( AnadajiGreatest Modlolns. Price »1.	ffhueaiintl* oftilrle Need	the	Me me	Remedy,
and agiri. ihe boy is a 95 modal and r Hood» Pill» cure IndlgentUm. 25 cent*.	Mrror	They	ere	Hnlferln*	from	similar
the girl » v7.	,,L	'¦¦¦—	¦	,	111 sen nee-Rod <T* SUdnrv Pills Will Cure
Dawson’» an awfully extravagant	Them.
chap. Yes, he is. Has he got much mon-	QUICK WOHK.	Toronto, Dec. 5.—There are thou-
gggSSSE mtessx*
to rej>eat itself.	river id eliout 2vU yards wide, and some	streaming homeward every	evening, af-
Soriy to Lose Him—Mr». Hartbroque	20 feet deep, with a fairly strong cur-	ter	their	hard	day’s work,	cannot	but
my old overcoat will do till Christmas. I men who could not swim, were taken Yes, and after Christmas you won’t across in boats or on rafts, and iingot one because it will be so near provised rafts oarried the guns and spring.	wagons. The whole division got across
I'm afraid my wife's affection for me |o four hours, and there were no mia. i ....	,	uru	u	i	haps of any importance. The weather
Is cooling. Why f	When	«ho	bade	me |	wn3 W€t and therefore not favorable
K'Kid-bys this morning she didn t say, to the experiment.
6« sure to hurry horns as early as pos-1
•ibis.
frieeds, return the
end we tend
K/k YEAR8’ INVARIABLE SUCCESS. OU 100.000 ANNUAL CUlthS of OooMtip-Flatulency, Dynpep da. Indication. Ooa. Sumption. I)leuere< Bronchitis, Influenza. Coughs. Aethma, Catarrh, Phlegm Nervous Debility, Hleoplenennee, Despondency.
(Limited), 77 Regent, aleo In Parte, 14 Rne
Chemin te.
ation
‘V.±r&
Dlarrlicna
L
HUTTON
oo.,
m EARN A WATCH a»|
f \	Earn this valuable Wstck, Chain end Charm by selling twenty TeSSI
Fllyl Vil Nsarf Pirns, nt 15 cents sack. Send year address end we forward the
r *	| Pins and our Premium Liât, postpaid. No money required. These Pina m
I wil* *lm061 “U themselves, for the Topes has all the brilliaace of the heel ii Wm diamend», and bea never before been offered et anylbing like ibis price. The Off'. ‘ f Welch is nee* In appearance, thoroughly well made, end felly guaranteed. ,r^ï™	Unsold Pins may he returned. Mention this-—u:—	m
had
Letting Himself Down Easy.—I think
ness.
A glance is enough to show that these tired and worn-out girls are suffering. And such a spectacle is doubly mad, because there is no need for it. Dodd s Kidney Pills would bring the brightness back to the eyes, the bloom to the cheek, the firmness to the step, the vigor to the entire body.
No other medicine, on earth can produce such astonishingly beneficial results, in these cases, as Dodd s Kidney
Pills can and will.
Miss Mary Hinsdale, 73 Esther street, has proved the truth of this statement She says: " I have been a sufferer from Female Weakness, Nervous and Liver e	^	_	..	,	Trouble, and doctored	without deriv-
age the attention of young Mr. Rol-	York in	ooie	month	exceed	the value	|ng nny benefit. I began using Dodd’s
lingbroke any	more, my dear. Your fa-	of all the	gold	and silver	coin in	the	Sidney Pills and my	recovery dated
ther tells me	he gambles. Clara—But,	world.	_	from that time. They	have cured me
mamma, he had already won enough	‘	.	thoroughly.**
from father for us to be married on. | Cure Vourcelf of Rheumatism.	A trial will speedily convince any suf-
Of No Utility—Here.said Mrs. tinaggs, The application of Nerviline-nerve- ferer-that Dodd's Kidney Pi Ms will pos-
who wa. reading aom. health hint. In	cure-whicb	- each mar- lUvel, restore her to health.
vellous tower over all nerve pain, has| proved a remarkable success in rhea-,
x	^	. . mat ism and neuralgia. Nerviline acts)
no use to save them if they are not re-| ofi |he serves, soothes them, drives ceipted, added Mr. Snaggs gloomily
TH1 QBE MM CO., Freehold Building, To roe U, Ost

^	CommerelBi assort
la FILE....
Tommy-Mamma, why are papa’s I watches always bigger than mammae1 |MM roluad iho avieit it faiu toOere.

6#
SHORT 0SUR8
prospecting
Alt Dru»
7

MINING
Bertaa at the SCHOOL of MINING, Kingston, Ont,
Ian 10th. 1890, Instruction in (îh#ml*tryf Mm-Mrslugy, GofiJogy, Blowpipe Tooting. and ether field loot*. PruepacMng, Milling, and Develop-meat. For further Information apply to
THE DIRECTOR. School of Mining. Kingston, Ont.
watches? His mother—Oh, it seems that men can’t get along without having great times.
Mrs. Orrison—You must not encour- I Clearing Houses in London and New
Fnr Banks and Mereanfcha Ruelm TNI 0FFI81 SFICIAL TV MFC. SO., Limited
TORONTO AND NEWMARKET, Ont
BANK CHECKS
The hank checks passing through the
Odorless
OTAMMERERS.
—On\j tacNIatteii I# Oawadr. lor &k* «arc oi H every phase ct speech defect KatabUehed
caéuowt *à vto v oï»ï WStÎŸStr,
• FemâN-ehe it.. Ter ente, Cana Ob
n
4
1
I
-1
Q
3

the newspaper, here Is an article en titled “Save Doctors' Bills.’* Z_
It is of
One S-cen' stamp wtîl set yen # free sample of Campana'a Italian Balm, the but preparation for all roughness of eklo.ehapped head# ior fane. The Hutehlnf ¦ Madletn* Co., Toront).
/7\ Central^—y&r a a
A f" / /	# A #/' / Mr Mr
JZ
Free

H
FREE BOOKLET.
GUIDE TO HEALTH
Try It
pain out find so gives relief The trouble with us is that we live | an(i be convinced.
too fast in this age, he said oracularly.
We are in too much of a hurry ; we do not give ourselves time enough; we—
Pardon me, she interrupted coldly. You have no right to take it for granted that we are all scorchers.
Two of a Kind.—Husband, at the
o

«
q
Pamphlet* and Sample* of Material of ear Steel Frame
Niagara Vapor Bath
sent to any addr receipt ef stamp.
Thermometer Attachment and Vaporizer Complete.
?«•¦ta Wanted for Beat Selling Bath In America.
NOISE AND SLEEP.
Experiments war show that during profound sleep a noté» ffict sufficient
to awaken the sleeper produces a perceptible rise in the temperature of the brain.	»
Closet.
mUTFSSD, ONT,
on
w" !r HLïïiïn
enter
Hoc! pal.
•aUiopae free.
THE TRIUMPH
The best and most sensible Invention of the age. Endorsed and recommended by MEDICAL men all over the country. PRICE 80 REASON ABLE that no home should be with
Write for circular to
breakfast table—Oh, for some of the biscuits my mother used to make I Wife, sweetly—dm sorry you haven't got them, dear. They would be just stale enough by this time to go well with that remark.
ADJUSTABLE STOVE PIPES
The NioQora Vapor Bam go..
lur put op and Uku down. Cam be «leaned, nested, and pvt away im a email tpaes. Aik your dealers far Manufaetured by
G. B. BARCLAY,
16S Adelaide St. W„ 1 eroote
mm

S Grand Opera Pleee,Toronto
m
i ; i
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS
l
out one
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA
TASTE YOUR DIAMQNDS.
One test for distinguishing diamonds
from glass and* paste is to touch them
with the tongue much the colder.
BY HEIGHT NOT BY AGE
Superior Four Dollars
Complete. To be had only from VI. BOltEinra, SI Queen 8L E.. Toron* o stamn for circular end sample of cloth before buying elsewhere.
To all others. Germ proof cloth
¦ew the Fare of t'htldren on European
Enllwaye 1» Measured.
Nearly every one knows that the rule on railway trains and other public con-
The diamond feels
•t
Hamilton, Ont.
HOW’S THIS?
BREAKFAST—SUPPER.
veyawos which provide, for the car- We «.ITtrOne Hundrwt Doll»,. R. ward tor	I |n,
rying free of children under 5 years any $a»g of Catarrh that cannot be cured by UOimlllOII LlflÔ OtOEmSlIlpS.
S a
parents which are as trying to a nor- perfectly honorable In All buelnees tranaactlone ond Cabin and Steerage n*«eengers. Hetee of
ftssr&ss: &S8S&bZZZZZ ESSSgtSrsSaB
goods among their belongings.	o. ; Waldim#. Kin nan It Martin, w holeesle to Local Agente, or David Torrance ft Co..
Sometimes these answers result in Drnmr’sta. Toledo^O.	OsbI Agents, 17 tib. Sacramentel.. Montreal.
sffir&irss gSfeu- aaSi«s«îi®AiiM * hole ^
our national tact and good nature help phreTSc. per bottle, field br all Druggists, along the adjustment without undue Hall'e Family Pilla are the b **.
friction. In parts of Europe they have a way of fixing this matter so that no one has cause to quarrel about it.
Instead of going by a child's age to what rate of fare it shall pay, they go by size. The collector is provided
and 51 inches pay half fare. All who, g(J||NERAL$ TESTED
measure more than 4 feet 3 inches pay Slf| full fare.	I 111
When a man tells you he has just been married it sometimes puzzles you to know whether he expects congratulations or sympathy.
Tk Snake River lining Co.
See-
INCORPORATED UNDER THE ONTARIO MINING COMPANIES’
INCORPORATION ApT.
IT CAN EASILY BE DON* WITH THE
Swiss Darner
io
• • •
W P€ 949
After • little prae-i ticu we pay ladles $10 a week salary who have learned to be
SKfW'fiS I W. W. OGDEN, W.D., Toronto,
President
MAIL'S*1' S. F. KILGORE, Toronto,
ttotültVuS 53SSI	Vice Pres. & Man
darnings for our busi*
ness, and girls and	. _
women » ho hare Th m	S®C y And TvdASUPêr
!ïu7^îîSfss*S D MeLARTT, M.D., St. Thomas.
$9 weekly in darning	DiPêCtOP
samples tor us. Tan Bwirg Darmek will
pul a freak heel or toe In a stocking in two minute*
table cloths, curtains, underwear and all fabrics with equal nicety and speed, and a child can operate it as easily as a grown person. Th* Avis#
Darn kb, netWy box*, ed. compile with full imttrueCeons,testimonial* etc., sent le any address on receipt ot nple darnings, five sente additional.
4* 96»*# it, W„ Torpafe
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS i
ROBERT BOWIE. Broefcvllle,
Director
S. H. McCAMMON, M D.. Kingston,
Director
JOHN KIRSCHNKR, Boise, Idaho,
Director
S. M. HAT, M.D., Toronto,
Director
AUSAâl SASINÛS—N*w Importations finest English
8
as
J. Me ADAM, Toronto
for gom, etc. Write tor prices.
MILTON HEREBY. R A. Be.,
Il BL Bacramenl 8L, Montreal, Qua.
Speech Impediments
I r sa ted. Ova suit a
Capital Stock $2,500,000, Divided into
Shares of $1 each.
Ul
ïf
eus
mends
qualified urastitivnsr, years a painful stasuneres, and has eu red n ed elsewhere Write te WT/AreeU, M D., Bellas, Out
¦ ITTtl ÛIAWT TYFEW1IT1»- A really praetW, ue maehlne and nota mere toy. Prire dell re rod •VIA. Af-nt* wanted. The HOWELL BOOK COMPANY. 16-21 Adelaide 8t. W , Toronto.
The Probabilities
Stock Non-Assessable. No Personal
Liability.
Are, that your temper will improve, and you will enjoy walking and skating in real earnest once that sore corn is removed. Putnam's Painless Corn |
Extractor never fails, gives no pain I f0r» ou. Write for terms or call for free consultation Alt
twenty-four welcome. W R. Bate, Specialist,	College-si,Toronto.
Stammerere-3:-3S3

This Company has secured by purchase 68o acres of gold-stocked lands on the Snake River of Idaho, containing about Fifty Million cubic yards of gravel which pans from assays made an average value of over $1.50 per yard in gold, and the cost of saving the gold is only 3 cents per yard by using the Improved Dredge manufactured by the u Risdon Iron Co.," of San Francisco.
Five hundred thousand ($500,000) of the preferred shares, par value $1 each are offered at 25 cents per share. Those shares will receive a dividend of five per cent, on the par value before the common stock will receive any dividend. We predict that this stock will be worth par in six months. The Company is negotiating for another Placer property which pans as high as $9 per yard, and a free-milling quartz property that assays from $30 to $300 per ton.
This is the best stock ever offered in Canada, as the gold is in sight and only requires the proper machinery to separate it from the gravel.
and will relieve you in hours. Give Putnam's Corn Extractor 1 trial and be happy.
*
A
Nothing ever upsets the even tenor of a woman’s way so much as the intuition that her bonnet isn’t on straight. ,
Os


C^Ua) rt
fadfUr ¦/£	^ -
M06S & PHOSPHATE.
Counties, Adver-|V*er, also has letters from farmers wb> attest to Alberts' TTiomas-Phos-phate powder having eliminated moss the general reason being given that the clover which comes seems to lift the moss out of the ground. -They recommend as well to harrow such lands when putting on the phosphate, to allow It to get down into the earth. Another correspondent under the nom-d e-plume of Yorkshire" attests to the ceming of clover and general improvement fro personal knowledge.
Border
The


rCtllfod/

J. flcADAM, Secretary,
his
Head Office- Confederation Building, Toron V
###PAGE###8###
T
CHRISTMAS 1898.
Dressy Men
oo
• Another veer has gone by and Christmas is here t again. We are pleased to state that we have succeeded in procuring a beautifùl line of goods for Xmas Presents. The usual rush is on, but we will
use our
s
0

Admirable in Workmanship....................
H. S. Dili's Coin

best efforts to serve our customers promptly.
%
‘‘THELEADING HOUSE”
A. B. MoQUIBB • THE TAILOB.
Pcitel» wc ran aid yea with the following liste :
DRESSING CASES, 'KERCHIEF BOXES, GLOVE BOXES, PHOTO BOXES,
TIE BOXES
MDGS,
CUPS A SAUCERS, PORRIDGE SETS, CREAM PITCHERS, FRUIT DISHES.
The Secret | iLÏTSSC of StioceeeI:"'L'*4'""
CHINA.
TTP-TO-DATE
FURNITURE
-• House
Is io always having the mo ht goods at the right nui and at the right pRicift» Our customers know that they can always get just what they want here. The Fall and Winter
opening.
PIN TIIAYS, JEWEL CASES, •PIN CUSHIONS, PHOTO FRAMES
SPOONS,
NAPKIN RINGS, BUTTER PLATES, BUTTER KNIVES.
of 1898 will not find
eon
Fancy Ms
behind the mark. Every department h now 6lied with only the best goods desirable fora Canadian winter—Comfortable Fare, Comfortable Clothing Comfortable Bedding, etc., etc, and the prices are as near right a# the combined efforts of ready money and years of experience can possibly make them.
SILVER.
oo
us
CUTHBERTSON & RAHAM,
Main Street, - - Shawville,
Ôîîe SSSt
iplete stocks of Furniture ever brought into the The display comprises—
BOOKS, Ac.
most com county.
BEDROOM SUITES, DININO ROOM TABLES, DINING ROOM CHAIRS, KITCHEN TABLES, KITCHEN CHAIRS,
BALLANTYNBS BOOKS FOR BOYS, B P. ROE’S BOOKS,
PRAYER BOOKS,
METHODIST HYMNALS, PRESBYTERIAN HYMNALS, TEACHERS’ BIBLES,
CHRISTMAS CARDS,
STANDARD NOVELS IN SETS, Ac.
The Dress Goods Department
(OFFICE CHAIRS.
SECRETARIES’ DESKS,
STYLES AND „ALL RACKS,
CENTRE TABLES,	.
SIDEBOARDS, (of all kinds and prices )
LOUNGES,
MORRIS CHAIRS,
FANCY ROCKING CHAIRS,
FANCY REED CHAIRS, ROCKERS and MUSIC RACKS.
SPRINGS A FIBRE MATTRESSES,
In fact, everything required to furnish a house in hrat-class style.
s
s

OF ALL
e
s
This department is filled with the latest novelties in plain and faaey Black Goods, ranging from i6 cents per yard to #1 60 per ysid. Colored Cashmeres and Serges in all the desirable colors for this season’s wearing.
Scotch and French Plaids in great variety, from 10 cents to 60 cents pet yard.
AT
ALL PRIVES
#
#
dining room rockers,
KITCHEN ROCKERS.
CHILDREN S ROCKERS,
CHILDREN S HIGH CHAIRS,
CHILDRENS CRADLES,
CHILDREN S TOY SETS— (1 Table end 2 Chairs.)
tliese goods before placing their
We bave nothing. old to.. show yow
,nl<or1ll"rs.P,^heyawll|8be found of superior quality and finish
and at prices to suit all.
see
lathe Silk *
Department Î
Ut ADDITION TO ABOVE WE HAVE NICE LINES OF —
MUFFLERS, HANDKERCHIEFS,
MITTENS.
NECKTIES, BRACES, ' GLOVES,
This Branch has been fully equipped with all the necessary requirements, including I por g00(]8 at prices to suit common sense people, we lead, the best Embalming appliances that could be procured.	No high-priced, useless stuff in our holiday display.
New, fresh goods of all the latest patterns in Blouse Silks and Colored brocades
UNDERTAKING
In the Staple Department -
1
OFFICE AND SHOW ROOMS - - - A. R. SMILEY’S BUILDING,
B. HODG-INS 8s SONS.
Next Door to G. M. Donaldson’s Jewellery Store
You will find an extensive range vf Canadian and English flannellettee from 4 cents to 16 cents per yard.
Men’s mitts and Moccasins—immense stock—all kinds
Second Annual Report of the Lily Cheese and Butter Co. of Clarendon
J. H. Shaw
Shawvillo Council
Meeting of the Council held on Monday, the 5th day of Dec. Meeting adjourned until Monday the 12ti^inst. at 6.30, p. m. Present, Mr. Mayor Hod-gins ; Councillors, conn. Lang and Cowan
WATCHES, CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY
> etc. etc.
Blankets and
S
The following report was presented and read at the annual meeting of the Com- | COlllf01?tOPS " * pany, held on 22nd November last :—
Clarendon Council
Town Hall, Shawville, Dec. 6, 1898.— Regular session of the Council this day.
Esr=£=v=ïx I gsyRa&jft
| ^ w c McDowell, Alex. Workman,
f We have never shown much < a line of White and Gray I Blanket# and Comforters,
To the Shareholders,
Your directors have much pleasure in presenting their report of the season’s I
business for your consideration. The T-cldiOS "WOOllOB patrons have been faithful in their support to the factory throughout the season. XTndOPWCSir The^relafcions existing between the ofli-	* "
milk drawers and the I with, or without sleeves, ribbed
or plain, all sixes. The latest novelties in Ladies Wool, Cashmere and Kid Gloves.

&
are not present.
ippiiih^
£ov«îrb7coun. Hynes and seconded work and material for bridge on Black
EBE—“
$52.52 be paid.	Sunday, 8th
Moved by coun. Lang and seconded by „ „	' X'
Donaldson that the bill of S. A. H *f™*°*' luOMA8 McKay for making a deed of the corpor- Sec.-xWe.
«... Office of the CouimJ, Doc. 8, MM.-
ded by coun. Hynes that the bill of Jno.
8. Armstrong amounting to $6.26 be j»id.
soc-
cers of the Co. the cheese-maker have been very cordial.
Cheese has rated lower than last season but our sales throughout indicate that we received all the market would warrant.
There has been a marked increase in 1	^	^
the quantity of milk received at the fac- | i AG vlO vJUlBg^ tory. Each of the six milk routes into.	x	,
which the section was divided yielded a DopSirtlXXOXite # good load.
It was found necessary to purchase a new milk wagon and repair others also to have the milk vats returned (or lined) a whey pump, a tile drain, insurance, taxes, also about $25.75 for accounts not pres.	~ ented until after the books wore closed
Adjourned • meeting r®Jume<i* um and dividend declared last year, missioners present ; Mr. Mayor	These together with the Secretary’s
Prendergast,-—Councillors; Alex. Wor ^lary, the payment on the factory and Moved by coun. Hynos end seconded nlan- W- C^McDowell, Tboe. Me av ane oth(jr gmaner items amount to $700.00.
mSE
Moved Mby coun. Thomas McFarlane, seconded hv coun. Alex Workman that a copy of tne foregoing resolution be mailed to the warden of the County of Pontiac that he submit it to the County Council for their consideration at their next meeting. —Carried.
At this juncture the Council adjourned, i	Hugh Matheron,
Sec.-Treasurer.
Main St. - - Shawville.
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY,
CNOttawa^ Business College.
(Established 3* years.)
Confidence in the clothing department wee established long ago, but will be largely increased when you see the well made, neat-fitting stylish-looking suits we are telling at $5.00, $6.00 $8.00 and $10.00, Mens' fall overcoats, equal to tailor-
made, at $6.00 to $10.00. Men’s underwear in all sises and qualities, and at the very lowest prices.
PkEN DERG AST,
Mayor.
spas!
Canada ; Ibe success of our grsdnales (t hey are to bo found everywhere) are point* for your consideration. Send for new Catalogue.
JOHN KEITH, Principal, ; 148-154$ Bank St., Ottawa.
conn
Our drawing account amount# to $854.31, and the making of the cheese, 99,316 Ibe. at 79c. per cwt., $695.20.
After deducting all these expenses and ing paid 62c. per hundred for patrons'
. shareholder»' milk we have declared a dividend of 60 per cent, on our total stock.
H. H. Eluott,
The Melecacie» of the Table#
Are all to be found here in the Pink of Perfection.
Groceries |
SHAWVILLE
and
Hair Dressing Parlor
i
Ed. Hodolnh, V. Pres
accord i seen at
will also I M3 received at the same date for the furnishing of a suitable snow plow for the foregoing week.—Carried.
Moved by coun. Donaldson and seconded by coun. McRae that the bill of H. Lang amounting to $1.92 l>e ;*aid.
Moved by coun. Donaldson and seconded by coun. Lang that the Great N.-W. Telegraph Co. be requested to arrange with the Pontiac Tel. Co. to place their wires on their poles ; if not, to put up new and suitable ones, their wires on the telephone poles.
| Moved by coun. Hynes and < i by coun. Cowan that the Sec’y. acknowledge the receipt of Mr. Bra baton's letter and inform him that owing to the enow being now deep on the ground the Council here decided not to do anything about getting a plow in the village until spring when they will again take the matter up and communicate with him.—Carried.
Moved by coun. Donladson and seconded by conn. Lang that the Council do now adjourn.—Carried.
Boots and Shoes
Prea
MAIN ST., - - SHAWVILLE
DIRECTORS.
George Hodgins,	David Russell.
Robt. Armstrong,	Rich. Hodgins
John Conolly.
You’ll be glad if you do anc’t/orry if you don't visit our shoe depart, ment, and get our prices on all up-to-date goods. Our store i# filled from floor to ceiling with the very latest in Fall Footwear, for ladies and children, men and boys. Our stock is admired by all. Our aalae are large, and this year will be a record breaker.
If you require a Hair Cut or Shave, you are guaranteed satisfaction at the Hbawvllle Bair Dressing Parlour.
Parties wishing to have their rasors honed or dressed can have them put In excellent condition for from 15 to 25 cents.
Try my Hair Tonic.
Honor Bolls For November
No 3 School, Greek Mount
Class IV J udd ; 3,
—1, Leonard Judd;
JOHN SMITH.
.—1, Mary E. Craig; 2, Robt.
Henry McLeary. Class 111.
2, Ellen Maude Stewart; 3, M. M. McLoary; 4, Maggie A. Hodgins. Class II —I, Birdie Judd;
ESiEHEE H. S. DOWD, - - -1)0YON.
Atk nanti. Primer II—1, Maggie Roon-	'	X
ey;2, Lucy Ilooney; 3, Emma Lathem.
Brimer I.—1, Silss Somerville; 2, Mary Tubmae;3, Bertha Black. Attendance.
— 1, Silas Somerville sod Carrie Hamil ton; equal. Conduct.—1, Arthur Some:
G, M. Smiley, Teacher.
Verdict of Murder
THE BOLL ELECTBIC CO
- - IBE LEADING BOOSE • -
seconded
At the G neral Hot
Toronto, D o 1 pital Coroner Powell's jury returned a verdict of murder against Frederick Taggart, who killed hie wife on Friday morning last.	-
Evidence showed hie purchase of a hatnroeç Thwraday evening, when sober. That night ha was pat to bed, intoxicated, at the Victor Mtaaion, and rose at 6 o’clock, when ha evidently want straight to hie wife's milk yard and hilled her.
Car» run at Intervals of twenty minutes In the rooming and fifteen minute» in the after noon, dally, Sundays Included.
Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Uetinean Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer
Baggage promptly bandied.

ville.
W. R. TAYLglb
\
X



