###PAGE###1###
9/j, tZ
\

r
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
No. 4:1 —ISrii Year.
THURSDAY, APRIL 11, 1001.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.


LOCALS THAT PAY.
•‘idling by the- rush ut A. H. McGuire a everyfxxly and his father !s getting n spring suit.
We ixre busy, hut we have room for you
Thk 2 Tailors.
The warm weather has come. Bring your children out and have their photos taken hy If. Imimon.
StmwviJle.
Miss M AiUA A. Hoik.ins.
See those little checks in eight colors, lust the thing for su miner, at MvCimre s.
The Tailor.
Coulthanl & Scott Seeders the lies! on earth sold at A. Smijey’s,
The Frost & Wood Disc Harrow take*, the cake. For sale at A. Smiley’s.
Sap Can*.—Large assortment at Dale Bros’., Shaw ville.
A car of McLaughlin carriages for inspection at A. Smiley's.
Sk	L- “	—
^MAKT ^ ^Mnu# ItY Hemlock logs wanted at McCleary A
Just received a quantity of Rock. Salt. ' mill, Shaw ville. $ 1.40 per standard will
J. G. McGvike, be paid.
OTTAWA
)
LOCALS THAT PAY
House-Cleaning
. and.
Renovating
Viewing, copying, vt<\, etc attended to.
promptly
H JMIflON.
OTTAWA, CANADA
.........$1,!>04.!»(H>
............ 1.W3.H40
.......... I,tkl0,4to
Htà<l Office: .	..
<îspitel luNcribtd |r.ü Dp ..
OP CANADA.
Wanted, — A general servant—good
wages paid. Apply to
Ikst
hoard of Director»:
Charles Maori, Ehq., President. Gsoko* Hay. UHj..Vice-President.
Hon. Geo. Brtkox, Jn.	Jon* Math**, Esq.
Albi . FHAkM- R**q , Da?it> MacLamn, Mhq.
D BSN IS Ml SI HT, !?<}
Mhh. G. FftRn. Hoixiimp
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000. RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
if >'< " ! tv«? youi loth take it to M<
heap W hare it made
Guire. Just a*
right.
House to rent on Court St Apply to
Wanted A good eoat maker— male or female apply to
Hr ad Office, • Montreal.
The 2 Tailors
aeORGSBURN U. M. n.NNIB
Genfiil Munairer .. .. Mauser.
\X e are here to do hiiMncftf. Cun we do it with you #

Bran* h»* : IN ONTARIO Keewattn.
KMLptr.He,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,
The 2 Tailors.
! will pay 12.10 cash fmr atamlard for gfxxl pinv loge. J. J. McCi.ïary, 8)iaw-ville
SOAWVILLE BRANCH,
Lanark,
Parry bound, Pemifrukr, Rat Portage, 'Wirubeali do Batik 8t. Renfrew do Rideau 8t. Toronto. V.nkl^k Hill, bmith'a Falls
IN MANITOBA :
Alexandria. Arn prior,
A von nu**, Bracebridge,
Car le ton
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rate*.
Parmer* note* bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
Now is the time to get ready for housecleaning, and we are in a position to render you great service during this trying time. We have a very complete stock in the following lines :
Mixed Paints, all kinds,
Tinting Colors,
Sugar and FraltJam in 7 lb.paile.PIum, I ^amlsll and EnaiHelS, g^WUrrr cheap, at McGtmtK*
th£-™ now'rrndT^e Sol Pearline an d Sapolio.
picture moulding of different styles ; also
Our work by best will prove the best. an assortment of engravings anrf chromos.	__
Tiikü TaiuiB*.	*Tab. Gkaham. I	Wall PSL^GTS,
Window Shades,
Lace Curtains, Cretonnes,
Art Muslins.
Uo
Bnlarging u speciality. Terms to match
H. Imison.
Dm*
Hawkeebury,
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Two Dollars per standard paid for
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
* Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC;
, nun,
Bhawinigan Palls
Agents in Cased#, New York and Chicago-Bank of Montreal.
Agrnts in 8t. Paul—Murbantt Nat Bank. Agents in Loudon, Bog.—Parr# Bank Ltd,
Ucbv.te
Montreal
Office Hooks . « lo a.m.toS p.m
Hatchdays
10 A M. to 1 P.M.
F A. PARKER,
Manager
Tuk 2 Tailors
For fine photon go to 1 ini son. lie pic aw* where others foil. Studio. Pontiac House.
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
The reason A. R. McGuire tell* suits ho Go to the Palm e Grocery for your clover I	<hat bf can do
Mr. Ernest Hodgins, of West Faro-1 and grass seed
The muddy season is upon us and the < change from runners to wheels is in order, nani, returned home for Las ter.
Mrs Crawford and family spent Easter Mr. Austin Hudgins, of Bryson in Ottawa.	among the Easter visitors here.	Provender Grinder—new—wi.l In* sold
Mias Potter, B. A., spent the Easter The Anglican Rural Deanery of Clar-	. «’"t
vacation at her home in Montreal.	endon will meet here the first or second
„	„	,	. week in May.	I i
Miss Pratt, of Ottawa, was the guest of
Mrs Crawford last week.
Maple Syrup in 35 and HO cent tins, at McGuikk'R Grocery.
, w arn
M< IUk A McGtiRfc, Shaw
Miss Hattie Wilson, of Campbell’s Bay, spent the holidays with her parents
Don t u*k for Disc Harrows" The {Mas sey Harris Co. can t make them quick | your measure enough to fill the orders that are rushing
|#### ^
McNab, of Am prior.	I The watih advertized in these courons
Spring is here. Now is the time to leave
The 2 Tailors.
Mr F. Needham of Pakenhsm, spent | in this village Easter here
Arthur McConnel, advocate, will be at | inAF8’
,	_	...	.1.1 Hryson on Wednesday, the 17th, and at
by Mr. Trueman Draper.	_____________________________1 ^ e,ght
It is really wonderful how those black
Agent R. Moorhead, of G Hies Pros, brought a gang of men from Ottawa on Friday evening for the spring’s drive.
iSxBHF'2-' I
Mr W. B. Crawford has purchased the David Walsh Bristol April 23. property of Mr. Silas Young on Maie	(,\ A De Lisle, Bristol April 24.
etreet, known as the " barber shop "	_At Waterford. N. Y.. on March ,
Easter Day was celebrated by special 3rd, Margaret A. Roy, l>eloved daughter rin(^	approved dental appliances,
rvices and large congregations at the of Mr. John Roy, aged 19 years, 1 month ^r- MacGregor » in a position to render Methodist and English churches.	and 18 days. Her remains were brought most effective service to patients
vspssr sss BsEHEEsHE '1 ”rz,r
son s new residence.	Iagt	*	J
Curtain Nets,
Art Satines, Curtain Poles, Stair Plates, Etc.
•ther friends en route.	Mrs. Cuthherson who has been visit-
Havmg an office fitted with the latest ing her daughter, Mrs. Dale of Greer
mount, has returned home again.
The crossing to Sand Point from Norway Bay is not very good. Two teams broke through the ice on Thursday, they had a good deal of trouble getting one of them out.
Miss Mary McDonald, sister of Andrew and John McDonald, who died of can cr, was buried in Norway Bay on Thursday afternoon

Buy here and you will find everything satisfactory. We are here to please you.

Easter Exam-nations
tine neighborhood this spring.	cannot insure their insertion till following Grade IV. —May Robin, 930 ; Sarah
Miss Anderson, late of the academy week. Advertisers will kindly keep this Smith, 908 ; Lila Murphy, 88) ; Byron
el in mind.	I Horner, 858; Alex. Homer, 831.—
Grade III. —Max, 800.— Sam. Hamilton, 097 ; Fred. Horner, 077 ; James McDowell, 002; Percy Smith, 598;
Cleniinio Laugh re n, 580; Silas Laugh-ren, 674 ; Herbie Richardson, 510 -Grade II Horner 2,
II.—Roy Hamilton 1, Earl McDowell
2, Willie Elliott 3, Lettie Homer 4. I Pastoks-Küv. W. Bowman Tucker. M. A
Er ana	I nassmSr
Martin 4. J. G. Steven, Teacher. ! Kp worth league. Monday evening at s.no
Lad lew' Prayer Meeting, Tueaday 7.3M. p in (jeneral Prayer Meeting, Friday, 7.U0, p.m Everyone welcome.
J. H. SHAW.
Bristol
CLARENTON NO. 13 —MAX. 1000
The paaeei.ger rates on the Gatineau Railway will be increased tira summer. It is probable the new rates will go into «•flVct on April 15 h. The executive of the company, which is located in Montreal, is now considering the increase.
Church Services.
staff, now of Otter Lake, took advantage of the Easter holidays, to visit friends
Parties who have sent us 44 obituary poetry, ’ will kindly remember that Messrs Elliott and Shaw began manu-1 charge 3 cents a line for such matter, facturing maple syrup last week. The Death notices are inserted free, hut we prospects are that the season will he a have long since drawn the line at poetry, short one.	| about departed friends, become experience	us there a
earty or sameness about the most of it that is wearying in the extreme.
here
P. S. Timothy, Clover and Carden Seeds.
— John Elliott 1, Emma Harry norner 3. Primer
METHODIST CHURCH
The Rev Jas. A. Elliott and Mrs.
Elliott arrived here Thursday evening last, with the intention of remaining a
few weeks before leaving for Vancouver. I Spring ploughing throughout Manitoba
dftSîafu? ÆX* I —s?
the several dealers in that class of goods.
And they will be all sold, of course.
¦
having already commenced. The ground is dry on the Portage plains, extending
almost as far as Brandon, and the dust I Grade V\—1, Klwin Hodgins; 2, Clarence The roads in the vicinity during the I has commenced to fly. Seeding has Richardson; 3, Isabella Argue ; 4,
ible. | commenced on several farms in the Men-1 Henry Argue; 5, Thomas Kelley.—
Grade III—I, Harriet Elliott ; 2 Harold Kell y; 3, Cyrus Hodgins; 4, Robert Hazclton; 5, Cecilia Argue. Grade II —1, Ethel H dgins ; 2, E. Hodgins ;3, Kenneth Richardson; 4, Amelia Palmer 5, Percy Smith. Grade I.—1, Lemuel Hodgins; 2, Archie Richardson; 3, Henry Belabor.
CLARENDON NO. 9,
:
IN MBMORIAM.
There is no season when a good medicine is so much needed as in Spring, and there is no better Spring medicine than SPRING’S SARSAPARILLA.
lu Memory of James McCredit* who died April 2nd, 1H90, aged 34 years and 1
months.
past week have been practically impass Still there are always some who have to | nonite reserve be out on them, in consequence of leaving their drawing t o late.
Spring weddings seem to have begun in earnest in Thorne. At the Metho-The sleighing is gone and we have not diet Parsonage on Tuesday, 2nd April, received the wood that was promised. Miss Annie Glodo was married to Mr
Parties who have disappointed ua in this William Zimmerling. On Wednesday
connection are requested to do the next 3rd April, Mr. Wm. Henry Sparling
heat thing-send in the cash, and send il l Was married to Miss Mary Sylvester
in at once.	I The wedding took place at the home of
Messrs George McDowell and R. W. I the groom's father and was very quiet Hodgins, who have gone into machinery	*e.w fiends being invited
and general supply business, have opened marriage of his son \\ illiam Henry, an office in the small building opposite 1 bornas Sparling sees the last of the Bank.	i thirteen leave his |>arental roof.—Com.
Ottawa Valley cricketers will he inter- ^lti Renfiew Journal of last week re ested in learning that the next intma- Pyrts : Alex. 1 aimer went across the t-ional match—United States va. Canada Ut ta wa somewhere in the vicinity of
—will he played at Ottawa next fall.	„,1wv, c an<* bought a horse for $40
m	_ ,	, I W he i he was returning home on Satur
The Equity learned on 1* nday that I day leading the animal behind his vehi-only one smallpox cast* on Calumet Is cle he noticed, when down about Castle-land then remained under quarantine ford, that the horse was pulling some-The other cases have been reported what hard on the imiter by which he led
cured and the patients have been released, him. Finally the horse was coming to a ,	.	.. 0 t„ ,	¦	.
hlfillIMlîlinepÿ
tliia «animer atVortage la Prairie, Man.	'	Mr. J. D. Ruuell is removing hack to | A»****^*Vl J
ESîHlSë HHEEB=r
$12,000 to cover the town hall liabilities lading members of the congragation be and general Hoet.ng debt and the other ing in attendance. Tlie church warden's is to obtain $2,CM for the purchasing of report showed a comparatively satisfactory road-making machinery.	state of affairs ite following office*.
The corporation of Shaw ville is indebted *ero ®l^cted: Redor's Warden, W. B. to somo non-resident for the carcase of a Crawford; People s Warden, Ralph W. defunct canine, which wa« brought a con- Hodgins; delegate* t<> Synod ;—(fe i. E. sidcrable distance and dumped in the kiln Brownlee, John H. Shaw. The Rector pot t the east end of • ain street. It was nn interesting resume of the year's dniihUtvAM considered a very smart joke by wo* k, events proving that church life is in the party who jxinxîtr tct it, but if his I * very healthy condition The customary identity could ho ascertained, there would votee of thanks were passed, and the vestry So a serious side to it.	I adjourned to meet on Monday, dune 14th.
Our own are our own forever—
God taketh not back His Gift ; They may pass beyond our vision,
Hut our souls shall find them out When the waiting is all accomplished And the deathlv shadows lift, And glory is given for grieving,
And the surety of God for doubt.
We may find the waiting hitter,
And count the silence long ;
God knoweth we are dust
And HefpitietJi our pain :
And when faith has given to fulness.
And the silence changed to song, We shall eat the fruit of patience,
And slmil hunger not again.
So sorrowing hearts who humbly In darkness all alone,
Sit mis-sing the dear lost presence
And the joy of a vanished day.
He comforted with this message
That our own are forever our own And God, who gave the gracious gift,
He takes it never away.
M. Matheson, Teacher.
OTTER LAKE NO. 1.
In | Grade I.—Gordon Farrell 1, Ray Farrell 2. Grade II.—Bert. Farrell 1, Walter Stephens 2, Rebecca Stephens 3. Grade III. —Pearl Farrell l, Percy Farrell 2, Hally Farrell 3, Richard Millikan 4, Id» Farrell 4 Grade IV — Guy Farrell 1, Emma Quaile 2, Richmond Farrell 3, Flo. Parker 4, Maggie Parker 5, Allan FairellO, Eldie Craig7
J L Anderson. Teacher.
SPRING’S SARSAPARILLA
Is a highly concentrated extract, every dose containing the utmost curative vrlue which experience of the past and knowledge of the present and the most pain taking care by thoroughly educate 1 Pharmicistecan possibly concentrate intuit.

SPRING’S SARSAPARILLA.
This preparation has had the long continued ap-
prova! of the best Physicians and it is expressly put up to meet the need of a BLOOD PURIFIER without being related to the many secret nostrums and quack medicine* of the day of unknown compositions and little medicinal value.
BRISTOL
Cleanse Your Blood,
Began taking It to-day,
SPRING-’S
SARSAPARILLA
Will do yen a wonderful amount of good.
NOXV OPEN FOR INSPECTION AT
tyiss /\nqie tycRae’s.
Mr. David Reid and family who have
l>©en in Prescott for the last two years | th© Latest Styles ill have rotured to their home in Bristol. 1 Mr. George Reid's family who have spending the winter months in Ot-. have returned homo again.
There is » young man in Bristol who has purchased 100 acres of land and there is a house on it. You may hear of a wedding soon
Mr. Fred. McKechnie and Mr. Kenneth McDowell are home for their Raster
-o
i
Trimmed Hats. Sailors, Turbans and Walking Hats, Flowers, Feathers and Chiffons at all prices. A large as sort ment o# China, Pongee and Taffeta Silks, also a full range of I«aees and Straw Trimming,
AT LOWEST PRICES
been
J
(aw&,
+ ~	».. L *
I

.**

\
r
T 1
L
J


r y
;




v



K
Hi
m
M

- - !


s
###PAGE###2###

*
»
ânuThe years qo by.
^¦Iviig, end nothing alloys And the years go by.
ue
V UiV Mr*.*« t iMEt
Il t a* I

,
overslept because his alarm ha«I fulled him, so to Insure bln “en 11” he had run a wire from the station clock to n bell In bis room at the hotel. Hr in Ingenious connection when the hands marked 11:45 the ringing of the boll brought him violently out of tho land of dreams. When Tom was promoted to tho shorter watch and went to live at Mrs. Jordan's, Bill Townsend, who succeeded him, fell heir to his room and "the devil's own," na Tom called tho bell. The elock was an Imitation of tho old fashioned, big faced, caseless timepieces, with weights and chains and a long, heavy pendulum.
"Twenty minutes late," he muttered.
The hour hand was less than two Inches from the connection, but how slowly It creptl If he could only move that hand! Ills knees were free. He drew them tip toward his chin, shot out his legs and came to n sitting position. Then, by a series of short Jumps and humps, he reached the wall, braced his back against It and, with great dltti-culty, worked himself to Ills feet. The pendulum swung close to his car, but how could he reach the hand? Was
teal of this feed. I find it pays much letter to feed tho corn than to «h i t away and supply other feeds ic its place.
Tills section being a dairy diatrjel wo do not feed young call le. 1 ai now feeding quite a bunch of hog. md the morning feed is ear corn while in tho evening I feed crushrt corn and cob mixed with oats an>' wheat and all ground together fine The evening feed is one-third smaller
than the morning
a slop. Tho hogs are doing finely
made from th* yolks of the eggs am
Swveten to taste • Lot the jelly get perfectly cold and stiff,then form an irregular peak with it in th centre of a gins* dish. Four the custard around it, and garnish with fine large elrawherric* dusted with sugar, or little blocks of sugared pineapple.
Snowdrifts—Half a box of gela-
juico of 2
ij^fhe Home j
l pt tailing lixilk.m ¦ and flavor with vanilla
MINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
Ule is so
Ami the y Mrs go l»y.
WIIAT A HOUSE WOULD SAY IF
11E COULD.
Don’t hitch me to an iron post or railing, when tho mercury is below freezing, 1 need the skm on my tongue.
Don't leave me hitched in my stall at night with a big cob right where 1 must lie down. 1 am tied and can't select a smooth place.
Don't compel me to eat more salt than I want by mixing it with my oats. 1 know better than any other animal how much I need.
Don't think because 1 go free under the whip that 1 don’t get tired. You, too, would move up if under the whip.
Don't think because I ora a horse iron weeds and briars won't hurt my
CARROTS»
The vegetable which deserve* much wore attention on account of its vho lexeme ne sa is the much-neglected and often-despised carrot. Food ex* pcir 1 s, however, now agree that carrots constitute a valuable, food, and •;l is to be hoped that they will more often lx- eeeu on the ordinary table. (Xirrots aro obtainable almo it the year round, and the mistake made by
most persons is that of supposing that as soon as they grow somewhat larger they arc no longer fit for any purpose except to flavor soups trouble is not with the carrot, but with the cooking of it, and that Us comma» to cooking of almost all vegetables grows? under the ground, they arc not cooked enough. Old carrots, moreover, require to be boiled in two waters, keeping plenty of it on them all the time. Then when carefully drained, they may be chopped into smaller pieces and well seasoned with butter, salt and pepper, or the regulation white sauce may be added to them with good effect.
A savory and appetizing flavor may be imparted to carrots by first frying them in butter until they are slightly brown, and then adding some sugar and cooking a little longer. Knough water to boil them is then poured over them and they are then cooked until tender.
1 If. however, the family taste U too fastidious for stewed carrots, carrot croquettes may be made after a cooking-school recipe. A dozen small croquettes can Ik- made from four large carrots. They should be boiled until tender, drained and rubbed through a sieve. Add one cupful of .well-cooked thick white sauce, using for it two heaping teaspoonfulsi of flour, mix, season highly, and when cold and firm, mould and finish as for other croquettes.
1 When small, young carrot* are obtainable, they are delicious cooked with green peas, either fresh or canned. The carrot should be boiled. Scraped and cut into thin circle* and then into strip*. They should then be mixed with the bailed or ln-atcd peas with a cupful of well-seasoned white sauce added to the whole.
When the flavor of carrots ii really agreeable to the family, puree of carrots will find a welcome place among 1 ho cream soups which now !orm part of the daily menu in many households.
*- """ '• snssr, si,
fin'd fui, perhaps, as the dsy,
And the years go by.
Work multiples, and pleasures ibste;
So much to do, snd we are so late;
nttll Hoc king now knock at the gat#, And the years go by.
Once-ah. we iikh. but we never can stopl What U life for but to work till we dropf thought-to rise to the top—
And the )iara ko by.
Well, time w Night la
tine, 1 pt boiling water
lemons, 2 cup* sugar and whites of
Dissolve tin* gelatine in the add the lemon and sugar mix-
mold to cool.
It is made into
5 eggs water,
ed togethei	! put in
When not quite void, take the whites of the eggs beaten stiff, sweetened and flavored, and cook them in boding milk for a minute, gc 1 atine out of the mold, put the latter at once in cold water, and N*at the jellv into bits but not liquid, Now fill up the mold with alternate spoonfuls of the broken-up jdly and the whites of the egg*. If any jelly has softened, |>our it over the top. Set away to cool. Serve on a dish sui-rounded w ith a custard made with tho yolks of the eggs and 1 pt milk sweetened to taste.
NEW USES FOR SAWDUST.
Duties
Machinery Invented #* Kxlrnel Ils Valuable rrodufi».
Scientific men have long been engaged in the study of methods of utilizing waste products, such as sew-ag<*. garbage and many other, things, lormerly thrown away as worthless. After it Ls ascertained just what these materials contain that can be utilized, ingenious men net their wits to work to invent machinery and devise processes by which the valuable commodities may be extracted. In this way many million dollars' worth of oil.*,
Turn the
Only une
end whet have we don#?
OU weTaT.’rvîmril of W<b victories wont Whose is th# fault, end whet le undone T And the years go by.
The
hold hut a handful of dust? ui*o In our first ardent truet.
missed the re.il metal for rust. And the yea re go by.
What do we We were so Somehow we
-New York Observer.
bay
*0+0+0+0+0+00+0+0+0+0+0*0+ ho to fall now?
o	, 2 Ills eyes quickly son robed the
? «Tlir nri/ll ’A A11111 ** o a few feet to the right was the wln-
5 dow, heavily barred, the torn shade
?	partly down. Ills glance rested on the ° stick that weighted the latter, Just
what lie needed. New hope gave him 5 new strength. Inch by Inch be edged
?	himself along the wall to the shade,
llï HURLES DU.V1LD MACH!. ? caught the stick between bis teeth and
o sank quickly to the floor. He had buo
?0+0+0+0+0+0+00+0+0+0+Û+0+ (.vvt]C(j q'Dc stick was torn loose from
Tom Dean was ticket agent and tele- its flimsy fastenings. Back again, up enmh operator for the Union 1’ncMc at and along tho wall he worked until ho
«rLœ^HSsns:
most pretentious of which was the rlflc c(Tort tQ rrach |t fa|led ,ogt ble "hotel and lunchroom." About 100 [m|nnce nnd fell heavily to the floor.
Don't whip me when I get frightened along the road, or 1 will expect it next time and may make trouble.
Don't trot me up hill, for I have to carry you, and the buggy and myself, too. Try it yourself some time, run up hill with a big load.
Don’t keep my stable very dark for when 1 go out into tho light my eyes are injured, especially if snow bo on the ground.
Don’t say " whoa" unless you mean it. Teach me to stop at the word. It may check mo if the lines break, and save running away and sinush-
roora.
CRON JE AT ST. HELENA.
fertilizers and other useful subetan- Ç
ccs arc now saved and the world in + so much the richer.	£
A great deal of sawduft has already 0
(low Ur Spend» 111* liny* «I lUe Lonrly
Mr.
t
A correspondent who ha* just arrived from St. Helena send* the I London Daily Mail the follow ing interesting account of Douerai Cron je in captivity ..
Just twelve months ago how mens hearts beat a* they read daily for nearly a fortnight the thrilling accounts of that terrible fight in the bed cf the river! To-day we have scarcely more than a passing thought for the captive of St. Helena.
Cron jo's long interment had neither affected his health nor depressed his spirits*. Once or twice a week he visits Hroad Bottom Camp, about six miles from Jamestown, where his for-
A Story of a Station Agont.
gone to waste, though many mill ? have used it to supplement their fuel °
, Chemical analysts have 0 been at work on the sawdust problem + and it has been shown clearly that ° it contains very useful elements that arc worth saving; and now machinery has been invented to extract these
supply.
materials.
Tho experiments have proven that 1,000 pounds of sawdust will yield about 160 pounds of char which is practically the same as charcoal and equally serviceable; 180 pounds of acids, 16!) pounds of tar and a quantity of gasoi that have been tested for heating and illuminating and found to bo excellent for both pur-Whilo tho acids, tar and char
up
Don’t make me drink ice cold water, nor put a frosty bit in my mouth.
Warm the bit by holding it a halfminute against my body.
Don’t forget to file my teeth when they get jagged, and 1 cannot chew my food. When I get Jean, it is a sign my teeth want filing.	poses
Don’t ask me to “back" with blinds aro thc producta particularly desired
on* am afraid to.	it is said thc gases arc of commercial
Don’t run me down a steep hill, for vu|ue
if anything should give way I might A machino has been invented in
break your neck.	Montreal for the purpose of distilling
Don t put on my blind bridle as sawdust and obtaining tho desired
that irritates my eye, or leave my products. As Canada manufactures
forelock so that it will be in my, enormous quantities of lumber it is
v.vfs*	expected that the utilization of saw-
a*m’t be so careless of my harness du..t in this country will be an inias to find a great sore on me before portant! you attend to it.	i dities.
Don’t forget the old Hook that is ; There are twenty places in Europe a friend to all the oppressed and that wfccro oxalic acid is extracted from says:—"A merciful man is merciful sawdust. In Scotland sawdust is
to his beast#11	I used to make floorcloth, coarse wrap- dation pul lid out until 11:10» wnoo
Of course cheerfulness is gov-	___ ping paper and millboard which is a the west bound "express" dashed past,
emod by degrees.	kind of pasteboard used by book mak- | one might ns well have been stationed
KEEPS UIS THOUGHTS.	MILKING MACHINES.	ers in tho covers of books. Thus p, the middle of the Great Sahara. At
lësaæaœ
is it is not an easy matter to talk to,	cd to 1,8hten ,ho "ork m the d,airJ'	pleasure plleil the three cases billed
tho general. He. of course, only speaks	no single one has been more anxious-	{broUBb Omaha on the truck and run
He is a characteristically ly looked forward to than a success-	GIRL COAL-HEAVERS.	them down thc track, ready to be haul
- irwœ s „„,d
Cron je is sometimes excite! when practical and theoretical, we are still	p	, work, but tills meant the stopping of *	,	,	. ,, „rP,)t
‘9 "'c!1	t0	th-	last.	therefore	should	news from South Africa brought by a	looking forward, but with lessening	Young Kirls	m	JaPan arc	the express, the latest newspapers and	r*® ” fh« Iron connection and moved
iare	preference.	Any	quilt	liable	io	fresh botch of prisoners reaches him,	hopr Tb(, di(ficully BePms lo , omc	6(1 to perform	a	task which	cannot	g0oil reading for several days. To sIg-	‘	, ,t Tbe olnrn) ha(1 blH,„
lief Of their monotonous existence.	the seat of tho very active, life, co-	work-folk in thc	world. They	arc	entered the station and Bln mined ttio	bis ears to catch the slightest
There arc various methods of mak- General Cronj.* would «trike an ob- operate with and respond to tho do- cngagV(j ftt the different ports in door alter lum as if to bar out thc . The noise of thc storm was nil tog the circus quilt. A piece of solid server at the first glance as an insig- manda of a machine, however, skil- .	th© large steamers with ccal. loneliness of the dripping outsldo	could bear.
Droiders at desired.	strength. He lias grown very white a successful type of milking machine the broadest near cat tho base and di- Keren	,	„	was 12 minutes up tbe road-lt must
Also patching of odd piece* and	during the last twelve months, and	an can be invented, but as is well	min is king as they rise. On each o.	‘Well, of all the t.od forsaken -	Q0W bc 11;18. Tom tried to calcula to
colors is desirable. On these squares	those who remember th* strong black	known, between tho mother and calf	these platforms a girl stands. Men on	The door opened suddenly, and two	t,me glnvc the haill]g startl'd on
the animal or clown, etc., can b out- beard and fierce, shaggy eye brows of there ex.ets something more than the tho barges fill baskets containing men stepped into the room, followed . .	...	0 but bj8 mind was a
lined, appliqued, cross-stitched or the past would be surprised at the mere mechanical operation of draw- about two buckets o& coai < aen. and | n third.	,’ ‘ f _in.i	Wlmt If Bill
æ	X'ssr»- «-• j«,
Around the squares a herring-bone,'age—lie is now in his sixty-eighth different names, but it all comes to the girl above her, and a continuous cz *	. M. „ - m wn<a over on bla face and waited ror tno
feather-stitch, or any suitable stitch	year—there is nothing	of	fccraphic	the fact that thc cow	is as willing	and unbroken line of basket* pass in-	In tn.iu t»'0 inlmdcs Jen na	wnrsL
can be run. The animals should	sweetness about Cron j*.	He	was,	is,	to give the milk as the	calf is tore-	to the vessel from ten in tho moi mug	bound, gagged and Ding helpless be-	The door	burst open,
by all means be of natural form and and always will bo a hard man-"As celvo it, and it h more than prob- until four in the afternoon. The bind the partition tu the baggage end „1Ic,lo wbere are you?" It wns Bill’s color and a wido variety be shown, hard as ten penny nails, and twice as able that the willingness cf the cow, girls will handle from sixty to seven- 0f the room.	,	, _
Thc centre could appropriately	sharp," a* one of bs men puts it.	or, in other words, the control of the	ty basket* of coal p*r minute, and	«iIe«8 6a f e. Where's Jim?" asked	,4<1 * «/* hni,i im nt Dvke's siding-
ns---hhhebhhe i 3™:^j
Elaborate productions of t hi.4* model friends, and, per hap*, to nobody more It would seem that in some cases up a running fire» of jokes, and their Bxxer. bu t it x, u t » 11 i.u	and 20, with a noisy grinding or whet is
may lx? done in silk on silk or woolen	than to himself.	at least, a machine would be of great	laughter Ls continuous They often	1 be door closed quickly after them.	aQ(j many	jolts, came	to a	stop.	« A
foundation and be finely interlined	advantage over types of	milkers, not-	break into a song, the note* of which	Out of Tom’s bewilderment and con-	was	hastily formed, but	when
and quilted. In cross-stitch on canvas	*	ably the rough, uncouth man who are clear, melodious and stimulât- fusion came tbe question. What did It tjic gidlng was reached nothing was
the animals will look less natural.	nDiMg i rçc vnnKA NOW	milk*s as hc would squeeze a sponge, ¦	ing.	mean? Robbery? There was nothing fnlim,	hllf the 0DCU switch that	meant
In flax embroidery on linen the re-	DRINK LLSS V 0DKA N0W*	and tries to wring tho milk from the	--- worth the risk at the station, and tho ” ZltrucUou.
suit will be beautiful and imperish-	udder by force, m place of coaxing it.	men bad cone	i aeaio inu uwu
able. A cheap and good one can be Itu et. n Gwriuuenr# Prolitbtiiiry Law* 13ut even in nuch casei it is evident i gQME NEW CENTURY PROVERBS, j	‘ h
made from thoso ever accumulating	Promote T#-nine ran re.	that there is some subtle relation or
scrap! of muslin which, dyed with Thc Russian Government some time union between the two living beings
cotton dyes to any shade, offer as v	. ,	, Vmiiinn and re- that does not and cannot exist bo- as the quicksand, but the friends cf
wide range of tints a* is needed. If n°	c ‘	0	. * tween the cow and machine, and in poverty are like the fixed star! in Ing, an eighth of a mile beyond the
previous to washing it may bo im- gulatmg the manufacture of spin s conflequence sbc refuses to pive down ,	station by the sand bill! It ended In lev Magazine,
merged in sugar of lead water the and controlling the sale. Thi* revo- to the machine. However, it is evid-	' ,	. unsellimr entereth the gravel bank	1	/	*»
jsrtrjrjxs:
live work on natural history.	pire except in Mascoxv where 1	1" macjj;nP> thus far, is a complete fail- precious raiment.
begins to take effect next year, an<	urp	^Vho will bc the	first to sup- :	The idler that dreameth of gold suf-
Ln Silx'ria, where it will go into v »c	I	the missing link.	fercth hunger, but he who hath dug
s-rt. i-sE, v;	_	s* xzh? sz, « .*».
ssssr r.&vsezz «»»««*
duct as it passes from the producer to	For 8	or 10 pears I have ground my	ov‘,n Yikc one who dives for pearl*,
the consumer. \ he «pints aie	-n	my	own mills, writes Mr. M.	n xxTre safer to place your mouth
tho" govern men	«.très, “‘‘refined »¦ Clark. If it La! not paid me, I on the	°" ‘h'
in the government mills, and de-1 would have	abandoned it long ago.	lip^times wo envy the prosperity
li\nered to the public from the govern-	jn tho	full	and winter I crush a	/ a w;ckvd man. little knowing ho xv
to government, which pays him from horses I use from two to four quarts	better to «ce clearly with one
one to five kopecks for it. 1 here are pcr daye [ give cows two to six than mistily with two. at pre.scnt abiut nmc-.ty	quarts. Sometimes I crush the ear, our tears arc brine to the world 3
Siî-|sS?i 1=s~	a
=«ii==5
to my hogs, early in the fall, but j Waggles—It seems to bc an automobile with horse sense.
yards down the track from this popu- The bodily pain was nothing to him, jar resort at "train time" stood a low, but he groaned In anguish at thc loss roomed building, tho station, of time. Ho looked up. Tbe clock
Tom's St. Helena.	,mtl stopped!
To an energetic, ambitious young The bunds marked 11.
reach the pendulum. It must be started. There was still a chance of more delay. Again thc struggle to regain bis feet, harder now because of bis
one
He could
mcr army is detained, amt, remembering his personal disposition as a rather moody, ultra-religious man, his efforts to encourage his fellow-Boers are really remarkable.
lie is growing stout as well as white, in consequence of his forced inactivity, and, despite his morose turc, it cannot bc said that be is less cheerful in his demeanour to-day than he was during the fight at Madder Hirer, when he was almost hilariously gay. or when he was omnipotent superintendent of nat ¦ • in tho Transvaal
man, socially Inclined, Wellsvillo was well nigh Intolerable, but Tom had hopes and made the best of It. He had
4	still tinier And seizing the heavy
brass disk at the end of tbe pendulum In his teeth he raised bis bead and do-
na-
source of valuable coramo
luge In every way." uneventful days would drag, and the nights-well, after the 8:50 "accommo-
tached It
The rod. freed of Its heavy weight, swung rapidly back aud forward. Impelling tbe hands onward at a greatly Increased rate of speed. Ills eyes were following the minute band. He could see It move, aud the hour baud? Yes, It was creeping along. Tom's strength was going fast. lie sank to bis knees and rolled over on tbe floor, but bis were fixed on that baud. IIow
A CIRCUS QUILT.
Tlx* amount of pride, interest and lue.stion* one small boy will develop .n a circus quilt i* Immeasurable.
Kept for grand occasion*, like a convalescence for instance, the mother th till havc, cause to bless it.
taal
latitude in materials is allowable, but \omo fabric! wear better and look
wa r
Now it
Kl
I
k	I Tbe passengers anti crew tried to
"Set thc white light” That meant mako Tom believe that he was a hero, the express would not stop.	! but be only pointed to tbe clock and
“Down to the siding." The blind sld-
The friends that wealth makes arc
was the 'devil's own/ "-Waver-
Hate In the House of Commons.
Speaker Denison If be saw a mem-
wonted headgear other
of moisture stood out upon his forehead.
her wear any OD	.
Twenty-six, with its living than tIl0 regulation tall hat would send
freight, was to be switched on to tho for llljn an(j polut out the Irregularity, siding at full speed.	i Iu ^beso days a billycock hat has fre-
As the horror of It rushed upon him qUCQtly been seen In one particular Tom straiued at thc cords that bound quarter of the house, and the Inuova-hlm hand and foot with a strength ho tjon js tolerated. What Speaker Deni-never dreamed he possessed. It was gon WOuld have said or thought if bo useless. Tbe work had been done well. had seen ft few straw hats In the exile looked quickly at the clock—10:4L trcniely hot weather of last session In 29 minutes more the train would be lhe writer cannot venture even to con-due. As be turned the kuots of tbe gag pressed into the back of bis head.
Bearing heavily upon them, unmindful

SOME EASILY PREPARED DESSERTS.
Tapioca Cream—One cup tapioca soaked over night in 1 pt milk. In tho morning, add another quart of milk,
and let it boil until the tapioca is clear, then add the well-beaten yolks of 3 eggs and 1 cup white sugar. Beat the whites to a stiff froth with 3 tablespoons sugar, and when tho tapioca is cool enough to pour into a glas* dish, drop the whites in large spoonful! over the top. Put a tiny block of bright-colorod jelly on each. This i* better eaten cold.
, Chocolate Cream—Dissolve 1-2 cake of chocolate in a little hot water, add 1 cup milk, and let boil
beaten eggs with 2 cup! milk, pour the hot chocolate into them, stir well and boil all together for a few minutes. Sweeten to taste and serve
cold


3°A Reference to bats recalls the curl-„ custom which prevails, that when of tbe pain, he moved ht» bead, forcing a member wlsbés to Interpose with a bis chin downward. They gave. They p@|nt of order after tbe question has moved. Agtrin he tried aud again, un- been put from the chair ho must speak til at last the handkerchief slipped to j “covered.” On one occasion Mr. G!ad-bls neck.	! gtone wished to speak In this way, and,
“Help, help! Townsend ! Bill! Help!" ag be never brought ft hat Into the be cried. But Ills voice was lost In tho bouse, be was obliged hastily to bor-mocLtng bowl of tbe wind, and he real- row a bat. It happened that tbe hat I zed that tbe effort was strength wast- wb!cb be borrowed belong! to os ed and time lost	then solicitor general, Sir F. ilerscne
Again be looked at tbe clock-only 20 (afterward the lord chancellor), am minutes remained. IIow fast the sec- proved to be far too small for . r. onds flewl Twenty-five—	Gladstone's bead. He was unable o
Tbe sharp click, click, click, from tbe gome time to address tbe house ou ing other side of the partition caught bis to the shouts of laughter which bis ap-car—a telegraphic message. “Twenty- pea ranee called forth.—Good Words.™ six 20 minutes late."	_ m _ _ .
"Thank (led, n delay!"	Hot Vi.ibi. to
Forty four minutes now-n gain of "What," asked the P baby’s 20. Tbe train, due at 11:10. would not mamma, "do you think o until 11.30. Townsend relieved features?" him at 12. “Toq late! Too late!" rushed through hi» Imind as he glared at the clock. Then the light of hope fair-bblazvd in blajqrtm ¦Tbe summer

Otis
Mix 5 well-
person seen place or on the road is fined from
|2.50 to f 10.
The salutary effect of the reform
Drunkenness
The
usually provide shelled corn above with stover and clover hny Is ray winter feed ways shell my corn and or bran for horses and cows. To Teacher—Thomas, what are ' parti hogs I give corn and broxvn mid- ^ epeech ?•'
gjav jSmSt sF'gigr "
corn. Then the feed can be fed to
any animal with (safety unless it be	HIS BAD EXPERIENCE.
ÎÏMK. ai'ÏSfVtoTSS m. «ri-b-» jTujnf- An
s srs*s;‘uSJsvti s	a-v
to any animal. I 4iave fed a great osAÎonally a cme.tan.	_
Arrowroot Blanc Mange—Boil 1 qt
milk, leaving out a little to stir 2 1-2
tiiNcspoon* arrowroot smooth in.
iWheii the milk is boiling, tftir in the arrowroot, and after it thickens, stir in 2 tablespoon* sugar, 1 of rosewater end a tiny pinch of salt. Pour into
mo bis.
Mont Blanc—One-third, box gelatine, grated rind of 2 lemons, 2 cups sugar, and 1 pt boiling water. Stir i co*
has been felt already has diminished to an important extent already and deposit* in saving banks are on the increase. In order to provide places of assembly and recreation for the country people, many private individuals have opened temperance bouses, that arc scattered all over the country. In many instances, small shops are attached to Un hou j-GroccrieS, hardware, iron, tobacco t ton prints, and everything .needed to supply the modest demands til the mixture is nearly stiff, then , Qf the ^lagers are to be found m
r in the white* of 5 eggs beaten to these shops, which are of especial con-
vith a custard ; venience when they arc at a distai.
For liummer 1 alix with oats 1
TOMMY’S IDEA.
brother looked down
Her big, confie	_
nt the precious little innocent fpi
meut and then asked •«Where are

hen he had Herald.
stiff froth.

/
###PAGE###3###
j

4
T

/
*
f

NO LABOuti VOTIC.
Hut why Le it, n*ikc*d the thoughtful Uhinme, that I may go to your brawn, while I may not go to your country#
Tha American missionary nhrugged Ms houldt i h.
There i.y no labor vote in heaven! said he.
TIE IE LEAP.
SPRING WEATHER.
The Universal Crr-Wanled, a
Never did the world call morn loudly
for young men with force, energy and
purpose, young DIB trained to do some
IS YOUR SYSTEM IN SHAPE TO [one thing, than today. Though bttD-
CARRY YOU SAFELY THROUGH? | dred# of thousands art out of employ-
before was it so bard
to get n good employee for almost any nnd HiuSlid Mrdlnii ReSersrmrn 1—1 | in* fliklO| where to find a good sorv-
lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllHIIIIIIIIIIIIIII an) a
The practice of taking » tonic dur-1 est cashier, a good stenographer who
ly well Informed. Managers and super-inteudents of great Institutions everywhere are hunting for good people to
t . ,	.	,,	. (ill nil sorts of positions. They tell US
vigorous health meant even Inorc than Umt ,t ,8 al|n0Ht impossible to find effl-
they do to-day. The custom has the c,pnt Uc|p for any department.
highest medic a T endorsement, and the There arc hundreds of applicants for
healthiest people arc those who fol- every vacant place, but they cither
low it. Thousands, not really ill, show signs of dissipation, are rude or
need a tonic at this season. Close gruff In manner, are sloucby or al P-
==vH, •=; EESS
rooms during the winter months, |f they flrc g|vcn poa,t|0nB very few are makes people feel depressed and “out- ab,c to hol(1 tlieni| and so this great nr-of-sorts." Nature must he assisted my tramps about from store to store,
in throwing off the poison that ha# | from ofBeo to, factory, wondering why
others succeed when they fall, why oth-get the positions when they are do-
LUDELLA
Evidently the Day ot Miracles is riot Yet Over.
ear* hb1 at the rate of
ment, yet never
!• It* purity, It ba* been the lUinriard tea fur a nnmber of j It* proaenl increase it will coutlnuo to hold ils place ut the head.
lead Package* 25, 36, 40, 60 and 60 Cents
The Practice «if Taking a Tenir In Spring I* llr*rruilr«l train Our Wl*e FerrfalUrr»,
oven temporary relief. I grew despondent and despaired of ever leaving that dreadful pain behind me.
“One day [ road in a newspaper the testimonial* of soma who said they had been cured of rheumatism by Dodd's Kidney Pi lid. I hand t much faith in anything by this time, but I sent tor one box of Lhti pill* and commenced. I noticed an improvement and kept on, andi look at me now."
Mr. Doeg certainly doesn't look like an invalid no-w, and it Is hard for one who had not seen him in hid sick room to believe that six month* ago
few fttigcfftlUiat Krg.tnllng llrnlili.
P
STRONG TOWNSHIP SENSATION.
Look a Utile farther than the
They can make a
handsome sample card with cheap paints, but the paint will J fail. To paint a house right J you must have pure paints. i»e 9 careful of what paint you use. $ The best is not too good.	i
5
! CHOOSING
5 PAINTS.
Ejrhddd:
color card.
Lng the Inclement weather of early spring is one that has been bequeathed ui by our forefathers, who lived in days when n sturdy constitution and
cnn
?he Brelornllun le llrnllh ef XTni. Derg TTi e Hmd Nil Le I Ills Houm I» Year** R heu me (lu ni of ike Wert! Med Completely Cured.	z
4
4

I
4
Ramsay’s
Paints
(Sundridgo Echo.)
The Echo hu taken the trouble fo Investigate the circumstance# and Vouch for the truth of the following interesting atory in its every pir-tLcular,
Almost everyone in thi* ncighbor-ho<kl knows Mr. Wm. Doeg. In 1878 Mr. I)oeg moved from the Township of Osprey, In Grey County, to lot 19 in the thirteenth concession of Strong Township. lie his since made many friends, and all who know him, speak of him in the highest term*.
Some time after he came to this part lie was utrickvn with rheumatism. It gradually grow worse and worse till for U*3 last four years he has been a confirmed invalid, and as a consequence foi* not bren seen in town at all. Ho has sat night and day in bis chair, unable to inove or walk a step for month*. The pain left him. It commenced in
$ :
G
21 y
3rt*y/**•:«
t
»

t
le to
to give sty
a house, to preserve buildings. Ramsay's Paints are sold at reasonable prices for the best that be made. Paint your house well while you are at it. post card and ask us for Booklet “ K " free. It shows how some beautiful homes are painted and tells all about it.
A. RAMSAY & SON
are made to last,
4
i
can


1

can

r
3
Drop us a
]

ho couldn’t walk.
“Have you any objections to making and signing a written statement of the whole thing for publication in The, Echo f“ was asked Mr. Doeg.
None whatever, I will b> glad to do so, for I want every parson suffering as I was with rheumatism to know that Dodd's Kidney Pill# will cure them, and I do hop• that niy statement will bj read by all such unfortunates.
This is Mr. Doeg’s written statement
For four years I suffered excruciating torture, during which time I was scarcely an hour free from pain. The trouble commenced in iny back, Where it often remained stationary for months, and so intense was the in that I could not lie down or take rest, but had to sit night and day in a chair.
M
t
I
<r>




i
accumulated in the system, else périple fall an easy prey to disease unci are subject to many discomforts from boils, eruptions, and similar troubles. Dr. Williams1 Pink Pills for Pale People arc the best tonic medicine known to medical Science, rich, red blood and strong nerves. Through their use in springtime, jaded, listless, easily tired men, women and children, are made bright, active and Strong. ’Evidence of the wonderful health restoring virtue of
4
era
FAINT MAKERS
MONTREAL.
Ett’d 1642
4
nled.
The bend of one largo commercial establishment says that the blunders and mistakes of Its employees cost $25,000 a year to correct, notwithstanding • These pills make I utmost vigilance.-

u; ¦**
4

*
FREE

AIR RIFLE
flten for eell-
iBf oniyïè do:. psrluMre Sweet lee Seed at 10c.
______,______
r	el. Witte pollsbed nlrkel barrel. th*%erguard and si le platrs. It b«s improved Glob#
John unit Joanfban,
... very dramatic conversation, printed In the London Outlook, has the double purpose of satirizing both the English and American bent of mind and manners. The “smart Yankee " is rep these pills is feiven by Mrs. J. Lang-1 rcgentod as coming borne to his ndmlr-lois, 659 La font a in street, Montreal, |Dg town and telling la i who saysBefore [began using Dr. gerated dialect what no thinks of his
Williams1 Pink Pills I was 'under the | cousin over the water.
“Say. tell us.” said a friend, “air the
English so terrible slow and dull, after all?”
,	, “Waal," replied the traveler. “I reek-
no appetite and could hardly stand on go , pn( down one night In the par-
an my feet, I was very much discour- |or of n Httlo village pub. Yes; It’s a
aged and thought death was staring public house, but they cail it pub In
me in the face. I had often read of | England.
Dr. WillisiM1 Pink Pills and finally
IJ
never
his back, ami the torture he had to bo.tr was terrible. From hi* back it would sometime* move to other parts of his body. Hi* knees were fearfully painful at timets. The truth is, that for four long years the poor man did not have a single moment’* respite from the racking of this dreadful
BUTTER 'tees, POULTRY. APPLES, other FRUITS end PRODUCE, to
Limited, C r. West Market and
Co!borne £1., Toronto.
¦» «19 "ZEJssr ~“:r«
If You Want The Dawson Commission Co.
The pain would then remove. to other parts of rny body, and when in my knees I wa* unable to walk, and confined constantly to my room. 1 W.O.S treated for rheumatUm by sc; venal dloctorn and also tried many medicines without receiving any benefit. Almost in despair 1 feared I would never again experience the pleasure of being free from
somewhat exng-

The English crown we oz. 5dwt., though it comprises prcci-stonc# to the value of £dGO,UO(J.
care of two doctors, who told me iny trouble was developing into consumption. I was very pale and feeble ; had
OUS
A Popular Menus! • Ing in s condensed
present-form all
that is rrqul«ite to mist the laity In reaping the benefits of the Jub lee. Substantial, complete and practical. Illustrated Kdilion on Photo Paper lOo each, S7 50 pel huud. ed, poet pAid. D and J. Sadliek â Co., MooVtai
JUBILEE OF 1901
Keep Minard's liniment in the Mouse
disease.
Mr. Doeg any*: “It makes me shudder to look back upon that awful four years, even the thought of it i*
How I ever lived through it I do not know, but I thank God that ho has at la*t restored me to health and strength with nothing of the rheumatism left but the memory of it.
Mr. Doeg is a c l anged man. Hale and hearty he notw enjoys every moment of his ne/wi life to the full.
How did the change come about?
This i* the question which Dr. Doeg is most delighted to answer. He had tried the treatment of several physicians and had used almost every medicine known os a cure for rheumatism, but ho got no relief.
“I gave them all a fair chance, too," said Mr. Doeg, to The Echo, “but nothing seemed able to give me
The latest and most Important pro-
Enor land is the con-
pain.
last spring my attention was directed to some remarkable cure# of rheumatism effected by Dodd’S Kidney Pills, recorded in the public prints. 1 procured a box. and soon
found that thry were doing nrn good, «ueimg HOUSE McCihÔntmFaL
so i kept on, till now l can say 1 urn	Family Hovel rates $150 per d*y.
a new man entirely free from pain,	__
and haw> continued bo for over six months, being able to attend to my daily duties on the farm and feel strong and able for work.
I verily believe this great change has been effected by tbs use of Dodd’s
Kidney Pills, and 1 think it my duly lut f()v Mjmrd'S UllÜ take Î10 OlllfF, to make ihi.s statement public for the benefit of anyone afflicted as I was.
Wm. Doeg, gundridge.
This is a plain unvarnished statement of fact, as we found it, and reader of The Echo, especially
ROOFING and Sheet Metal Works.
Iiuvnnu ROOCINQ SLATE, in Black, RedorOreen. SLATE BLA< KBOARDS. (We-uppif 1‘uMlrand High School*, Toronto). Roofing Fait, Fitch, Coal Tsr, etc. ROOFING T1LF. (8m New City Build-Inn, Toronto, dons by our firm). Mets) Ceilings, Cornices, eta E-timates fumieheil for work complets or for material* shipped to any pvrt of the country. Phone ' Wi. D. DUTHIS i SONS, Adelaide * WldmerSts., Toronto
ject on foot in struction of a canal from b’outhamp
ton to London.
"There wuss the boss of the pub, tlic local butcher, the local evurythlng, j and there wuss myself. I Just listened, dreadful, though I can’t say there wuss much to listen to. The talk ran like this:
1 ’car ns Ted Robinson got the sack
decided to try them. After l had used three boxes my appetite was much better, and I felt a little stronger. I continued the use of the pills for three
months when I felt fully cured. When | |agt wee)t/ remarked n villager.
I began using the pills l only weighed 62 pounds, and when I discontinued | lager, deliberately pulling smoke.
ÏUS»; I ’ear o. Ted Robinson got the sack las’ week/
"A pause. More smoke.
Got the sack, eh?’
Yuss; l 'ear as *ow 'c d'd/
II 4
Dominion Line Steamships
Newcastle Scots have decided toaSk the War Office once more to let them form a corps of kilted volunteers;
other corps object.
M'.ntreal to Liverpool. Boston to Lifer-pool. Portlsnii to Liverpool Vis Querns-town
Large ami Faut Steamships. Superior aocemmodatloi for all classes of pa ?engera S u .one and Stateroon* are ami-Uhipa Special attention ha* beta given U Lis Second Saloon and Tim d-Cia.-a accommodation. Foi rate* uf pa* age and all particular*, appiy to any agenl of the1 pony, or
KiClards, Mill* k Co,
77 elate Su, Bot too.
Ted Robinson?’ said the other vll-
II *
il *
them my weight had increased to 119 pounds. I also gave the pills to my baby, who was pale and sickly, and they made him u bright, rosy, fleshy Oh Lid. I think there is no weak or
41 4
D. Torrance à Co..
Montreal and Fortknd.
I
a •
It requires an average of more than 20 000,000 pins per <iay to meet the needs of the British people.

“A longer pause.
Las' week, was It, 'e got the sack?
I 'ear as 'ow It was las' week.'
"A long, long pause.
AU! 1 'eard that ft Friday/
"And," continued tlio Yankee, “not a rouI among 'em smiled. It was their reg'lar mental diet. Oh, yes, smart men the English are and no mistake.”
GOLD WATCH
eickly person who will not find benefit from I)r. Williams* Pink Pills."
44 4
44 4
W<ip-.re»lisndeotre. reliable, pollihed Dlrkel.
Boy .Watch, f'»rs-ti'.n« y 2 dot beautifully I»tkf.niihexl. full* rjy* lse<l Cabinet Ha Photographs of Pil'tha^ueeuatllK
b. or, tbl •
# handsomely en-F graved, gold fie-___rish*dU T ttngCas* l %Fwatch. LëAjê or floofe sis*, with stam —mWwloJ. item set, reliable Jewelled movement,
your Watch, poetpabl Art Supply to., box l luront#
m
< very
those who know how bad Mr. Doeg was, will agree that it is a case'without parallel in the history of the community.
It is a waste of money to experi-with other so-called tonics
FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS
onl
Il 4
which arc all cheap imitations of Dr.
IIBS WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP has been by moi here for their children teething. It eoothee the ch Id. eofteni the gums, Alleys p*ln, cures wind co ce ted | g the beat remedy for diarrhoea, 25c a bottle. Soil b* ell druggist» throughout the world. Be sure end eak for “Mrs. >Vinelow'i Soothing Syrup. '
fl'i

't
Williams* Pink Pills, getting the genuine, and if they are not sold by your dealer send direct to the Dr. Williams' Medicine Co., Brock-
Insist upon

/>
NOT QUITE THE SAME THING.
Tourist, to roadside country urchin,-Ah, my little man! How brown and hearty you look. I suppose you get up every morning and drive the
cows to water.
Urchin—Don't have to air,
Why don't you have to, my lad? 'Cause, after milkin' the cow* we drive tho cans to water.
NIPPED IN THE BUD.
I have called, began Mr. Fore hen,
Hunt daughter.
that there is something between us, replied Mr. Goldrox, but I'm sure there will be pretty soon.
Ah!
It will be the Atlantic Ocean. I'm going to send her abroad till she learns a little sense.
The value of the estate of Lord Kensington, who died at Bloemfontein last June, has been tfwotfn at £711,000.
Minaro'i Liniment Lumbermen's Friend
W. P. C. 1020
Chinese CrltlcUm of Our Alphabet.
The high class Chinaman, speaking
I
Ville, Ont., sad the pilla will he mailed post paid, at 5Uc a box, or six boxes ] through his Interpreter, was giving the for $2.50.	•	eminent American visitor Ills Impres-
sions of the English language.
“I cannot understand,” he said, "how anybody ever finds time to learn It fluskfnby-My son Rube took 1rs-1 Take that singularly formed letter In âon# frum a feller who guaranteed to | your alphabet, for Instance, the letter
•g.’ What an awkward and 111 shaped character It Is! What Is tho significance of that little curling projection at the upper end of It? I have never seeu anybody who could tell me. Then, again, when the learner has familiarized himself with that letter and can recognize It at sight he learns that It Is oflty a part of a word and that It enters Dear Sirs—This is to certify that 11 into the composition of thousands of ftave been troubled with a lame back | wor(jSi It has different pronunciations for fifteen yearu.
to speak to you alwut your You must have noticed
the most nutritious.
EPPS’S
No,
HE MADE GOOD.
GRATEFUL COMFORTING.
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
-
COCOA
? each hypnertism by mail.
Hokorn—An' did he do it?
II ink in by—I guess ho did. hypnertized Rube out of $ 117.50 before he came to his senses!
CEYLON AND INDIA TEA,
He
BREAKFAST-SUPPER-

For all skin ailments.
J. C. Cslvert A Go., Manchester, England
FREE

GREEN OR BLACK.
7~7 We give this rjy/ Vvitiful Cold IW/ finished Ring,
•/, ' art with 3 mag-
y J niûc«at lirilllauu,
/fur selling only 10 k beautifully flnbb-IDs. cd, full sired ^SX Cabinet I'hotojrayhs

To send for our Complete Catalogue of Sheet 4 u tie end Books with Special rates of discount
Music
Teachers
Wanted

I
The Favorite Tea of Britain and her Colonies.



GROWN BY BRITISH PLANTERS.

of the
Ijuaen at lue. each. Everyone wants » g-»id bktura of Her Majnty. Write for Photos. Bell them, return the money, and receive this suw.rb Ring free. Toron te, ( unmla.
and sometimes is not pronounced at all, being entirely silent. Now, when you see one of our Chinese characters you know at once what It Is. It Is a wonder to me that your people do not discard the cumbersome forms of your written language and learn our simpler and more easily understood system.”
The eminent American could only
bow his head in humiliation and prom-,	. ,.	„ cll Ana „ TAynnfn
Ise to bring the matter before the edu- arcd Ceylon Green. Samples on application. Add c s	»
catlonal authorities of his native land. u ¦	—j.---------.—	—	-

WHALEY,
naYCE&Co.
I have used three bottles of your MINARD'S LINIMENT and am completely cured.
It gives me great pleasure to recommend it and you arc at liberty to use this in any way to further tho use of vour valuable medicine.
Two Rivers, ROBERT ROSS.

advertised, as clean.

Amusing to see foreign teas Is it not filth that colors them ?
JUrt Suvifîj to.* bot L
16S Venge St. Toronto. Ont,
OLL WRAPPING PAPER
R

ij 5 Coylon Teas are sold In sealed lead packets only, never in bulk. Black, Mixed or unco!*
i
•Hi
SÂLADA
ITU I
u

t
I
S
PRINTED in one or many colors or STRIPED at low prices. Samples furnished on request. Special quotations for car loads or largo lots. Write for prices.
TORONTO WRAPPING
PAPER COMPANY


•KilLILl
i
Iff-ll


FEATHER DYEING
*
necessary to add a lump of butter to every dish. “The natural fat of the H.trl»' Spirmllil Mad el fir Great Britain mcat would in nearly every case be
sufficient/' he says, "and it is by no In spite of occasional pin-prick cru- meamj nc.Cessary, to supplement every sadcs France is, after all, a charming
HOW TO TEACH COOKING.

succession duties
Cleaning end Curing mud Kid Clove» cleaned These cm be sent by post, lo per oz. the best piece is

The British** brought a revenue of nearly £.0,000,000 in the last fiscal year.
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO. 76 Adelaide-st. Weat.
MONTREAL	-	-------
SPITTING SHOULD STOP.
ml Ollier t'ouiilrle*.


Minard'a Liniment is used by Physicians rue *io»i Hruiinc Mean* of rrornzn'.ing
Din
f^.SOLID
®G0LD
SOLID GOLD
I	,	. „	. „ ..... I di6h witl? b.Utter’ 6r?S0' °,r 0il; m-
One of the worst and most unclean- and useful neighbour to («real Butain,, These only fatigue the stomach, an I I	r
and she now offers us a bright exam- the best cook h she who uses least	AT,
pie in domestic progress. She is grease.”	' I
showing us how to produce good cooks The Cordon Bleu frequently has -Uk§|-n* '«'»> tV‘ where, everywhere and always. If tho London Daily Mai!. English and sometimes American jAk, 1 % 3 ' ft mi L K ^
.	this habit were only filthy it would No: satisfied with her reputation for pupils. For £4 a month a pupil may d
WÈÊÊÊ EilEi
iipi wsasmsm HHi=
SS&StSSM F FS3SrB ................
to check this terrible disease which 1 ,n(xs^ sk.lfu	'
IE*
the chef explains that it u not
. - a


Teo.We,"'uiasKO'''/haT«/erc,lan the j ly hnhits indulged in by some people Charge of East London Baptist lab- ts spitting. Many people spit any-ernacle, Burdett Iload.
» e glret:. j' --i jUriA 'TO y	Solid ti"iu Ring. "VI VO
with Pngrle. for eelitug J| on!/ i.j pa .agc* of / z Swret PesSe. latlO-- ej. n. K.icb/f, ism .3ip>u UdliilX-/> L , tore... the most tiagr .ntvmne- / *
:|as, (fail cul r. lia |mt: «/re----T-
«dvertlseinvutond wev *ard the S«eda. S*!lth ‘.urn Uw money.and this b-au-;l fut, KvZId Gold. Pearl « t Ring #ill be.ei.tyon rareA’.lljrpv. X-
ed in » vtlvetitiirtl box. tVr.to to*l»r. Theaea. nfomeTU lajseedsiaabort. SeedSuppl? to., Toronto, Caa»



N
\

li for ti. re

:


4M


Krtwlathe time 1
Writ® for the Photos Ce'.l tkrm. return the



which Great Britain might imitate, j the Legion of Honour, and all are at For the Cordon Bleu is a teaching the head of their profession.
university, conducted by past-masters	*’•- Z1	"
A

A SERIOUS BLUNDER.

Promise
To Pay




: seal :
stealin'.
Impossible! replied the editor.
No, sir! I know what I'm talkin' about—it wuz a mule he stole!

mJSMMS
KKtiB&te «h. **«•
• a # • •

Hall's
A Debenture of The Canada Permanent and Western Canada Mortgage Corporation is a promise
to pay the sum named therein,which may be any sum not less than $100, on the date specified, which may be in one or more years, as the Investor may pre er. The Coupons attached arc promises to pay interest on the amount half yearly at four per cent, per annum. The entire assets of the Company, amounting to $22,696,885 arc security for fulfilment of the promises.


WAI1
c/jlfnAA/iidd
'fhU' &Â-A'
mi 1	¦-	/	J
Cup/ 0 *
Sruno " ÙVTLfs	.
dc^Cr/ùù1
a/
I
êWÂ
.TSaSttBflSrSr.
II
CORRESPONDENCE INVITED.
Off o?, Toronto St., Torontojj
fr*~


!
y<






1

)




\ J

A
• 1

r I

		
l


###PAGE###4###
(
\
DESIRABLE PROPERTY
FOR SALE.
For Sale or to Boat.
SMART & SMITH
THE EQUITY.
THE MARKETS.
MASSEY-HARRIS
m
The undersigned offer** for sale or W rent Ida farm, constating of lx>t* No. 5 and ft In the West range of Thorne, containing 5W0 acre a, of which Hit aorta are cleared and under cultivation; the bal-Mice la bush land. This watered and hi eret comfortable dwelling house and good outbuildings. For further information apply
W. J. SMITH.
Oreer Mount V. O.
SHAWVTLLB
SHAW VILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 70 to 75c Oat» per bushel, «7 to *JHe. Pease pvr bushel. HO*'.
Buck wheat, 40o. per bush. Kggs, per tlo/vn. l*v.
Butter, per pound, 17 to 18c. Wool, per pound, Id to lie. Pelts, each, 00 to 7.3c.
Pork. |7.50 to *7.75.
* per 100 Iha.
Hides, *4.50to 1$.75, Calfskins, 33 to to cents en l
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWV1LLE. APRIL 11, 1901.
The miksci lI»rr offer* for sate his farm situated in the Township of Clarendon and munprlslng IxituSoiith Half of 10 ,« the ah range and North Half of 20 In the tHh range thereof, containing 200 am* more or lew*. The premises are Uh> well known to require detailed description in this notice further than to state that the farm Jh desirably located, is well built upon and everything is in rtrst clase re-¦T For terms and further information
WttÊÊ thus. PERN DERG AST, H
Had ford P.O.,Que,


property la well ted thereon a
It it stated that a move is on foot to bring all tho railways of the United States under one management. If the deal is carried through it will involve a greater combination of capital than hitherto known in the history of finance. The big steel trust, recently consummated with over a billion deliars capital, will be as a baby compared to it.
tv
SPRING GOODS.
Good Business Chance.
pair
apply Lu
Ht
\
* » and Plant to let in the f Shaw ville, Quo, Point • ut 1001). Present owner going on account of ill-health,
x JOHN M. UODGINa
P. O. Box tti, Shawvllle, Que.
Baking Bu>ii

NEW
GOODS
«ASSET-HARRIS COMBINED DRILL "“SPRING TOOTH 8’D-CAST SEEDER
f

OTTAWA
Xddrvs
The 0;tawa l> >ard of Trade, as will be seen by a report in another column, does not think Mr. Simpson's Colonization scheme will be of any benefit to Ottawa, and therefore it hue refused to endorse it. Those gentlemen represent the interests of the city and their action in this instance shows pretty clearly that unless every enterprise put forward is designed to switch things in the direction of the Capital, it must necessarily be of nc account. Ottawa people are fond of enterprise but they evidently want every thing in the line of development to be under the shadow of the Parliament buildings.
Butter, print, 22<\ per U».
“ paiU. 19 to 20e. per 1 Kgg.s, fresh, 15c. per aoa. Fotatocs, 40 to 45c. per bag. Apples, *2.00 to *1.50 per bhl. I. unh. 7 t ) v. ],
Mutton, 5 t Beef, 8 to tile, per lb.
Pork. *7.00 to *8.25 per 100. Chickens, 00 to D3c. a pair. Oats. 31 to 32c. per hunliel. Hay, *8.30to *11.00 per ton
W vu!.11 to 1 •• • t 'V ¦¦
Lumber
NEW
GOODS
Sawing.
per 11
TO.**
Made with 10, 11, 12 and 14 Hoes.
Solid Steel Axle.
NOW OPWING OUT
Solid Steel Any le Frame.
I wish to inform the public that I am prepared to do custom sawing—both lumber and shingles—at reasonable rates, and am also prepared to pay Gash for any quantity of good Logs delivered at Hodgins' Brick Yard.
I will also pay $1.50 per cord for a quantity of good, sound 4-foot wood.
AT-
’
Up-to-Date Store
STARKE’S
CORNERS.
THE MASSEY-HARRIS DISC HARROW
Auction Sale
—and—
Stallion Show,
Shawville May 1, 1901.
Gives good Satisfaction.
After The Senate
A full line of Finishing Harrows and Plows. Also Repairs for all kinds of Plows.
Gome and have a look at our several lines of Spring Goods now open for inspection.
Oar own Thomas does not aeera to have
got over hie antipathy to the 44 old
women " who occupy the second chamber
of the parliament of this country, judging
from a notice of motion which he will
bring up in the House this week. Mr.
Murray motion sets forth that : —
••The time has arrived for considering the adopted of such measures as are necessary with a view of amending the British North American Act iu the direction of reducing or limiting the representation in Parlnment of Canada and the several assemblies of the provinces, also the abolition of the Senate of Canada and legislative councils in the provinces in which they now exist, in that the whole machinery of Government will be less cumbersome and expensive.
Six village lot* in village of Shaw ville, situated in front of Exhibition Grounds will be sold by auction on Wednesday, the 1st day of May, 1901.
In the afternoon of same day a show of Stallions will take place on the grounds. For this show, however, no prises will be awarded nor will any judging be doue by the Society, the object. I>eing to give far mers au opportunity of choosing for them selves.
A meeting of Directors will also take tiny.
JOHN YOUNG,
President
J. J. McCLE4RY.
SMART & SMITH.
Shawville. Feb. 11. 1901
P. 8.—A flue assortment of Summer Rigs.
Silas Young.
Farmers, Attention I
f
THE McCORMICK THE DAVID MAXWELL & SONS
SHOW-ROOMS, SHAWVILLE, QUE.,
E. GRAHAM
See. Treas
For
FRESH and CURED
HARVESTING
MACHINERY
NEAT-FITTING
IS SECOND TO NONE IN THE WORLD.
MEATS
Are now open for business.
WELL-MADE
o
I am prepared to supply the I I farmers of Pontiac on reasonable terms, and also to furnish REPAIRS, which will always be kept on hand, thus avoiding delay in having to send away for them.
same to the
OPPOSED THE SCHEME
Farmers will consult their best interests by calling and inspecting sample of our
latest improved
??CLOTHING
of all kinds at
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. Q. McOUIBB,
OTTAWA HOARD OF TRAD* WILL NOT BN DORSE MR. SIMPSON'S RAILWAY PROJECT.
£=r Horses taken in exchange for Ma cbinery.
MOULD 6 BOTH
An adjourned meeting of the Ottawa Board ot Trade held on Tuesday of last week, gave its sanction to the proposed
extension of the Gatineau Valley Rail-1 __ .	...
way to James' Bay as against the pro-1 Jftâlll StTSfit, 5 II El W V1110. posai of Mr. Lewie Simpson to construct a line from the Chats Falla to the same point.
The Ottawa Jounal reporte what transpired at the said meeting a a follows
i ALF. HOWARD,
Disc Harrows
And
Fleury’s Ploughs.
McRAE &~McGUIRE
46 THE 2 TAILORS”
AGENT FOR
The MoCormidi Harvesting Machine Company
ALSO FOR
Proprietor.
Organs, Marnes and Sewing Machines.
Notice.
persona intending to patronise the
THIS GATINEAU extension.	Lily cheese factory this season will let
H. .«!» W.„ ,h. meeting ... ,h. Sfe CRC	I “1^11(1
one adjourned from the previous evening, 0f the drawers can be laid out. mewed by Mr. C. Rssa, strongly recommending the Gatineau extension^ and “if the policy of granting subsidies to railways is to continue " urging “ the nit s4. liberal treatment “ by the Dominion and provincial governments.
Mr. Ch'ysler, representing the Pac 6c Colonization Company, asking if the pass ingof this resolution would interfere with discussion of a further one supporting his own company. _
President Coatee said no.
Mr. Chrysler said then that he did not tpoose the resolution. He and his friends had no desire to hurt tho Gatineau interest. All they wanted was justice to their own.
The resolution was then put and carried unanimously.
TH8 PONTIAC COLONIZATION CO.
All
PROVINCE OP QUEBEC DISTRICT OP PONTIAC.
}
Millinery
Opening
Timurs. April 4,1901.
In tl|e Superior Court
By Order,
W. XV. IRELAND,
Secy
9
Shaw ville, March 28,1001
No. 517.
CHARLES DEVLIN, of the Town of Aylmer, in the District, of Ottawa. Marchant, Plaintiff,
TEACHER WANTED
D. McRae’s Old Stand,
. Main Street, Sbawville
For District No. 5, Thorne. Must have diploma. Say salary expected. Application* received till April 13th, 190!.
Address, S. M. l.OGAN, I London, consignments of fresh millinery
1 borne Centre, Que. | goodii embracing all the latest designs in
Spring Hats, Novelties of the Season, &c.
v*.
Having just received from the principal establishments in Montreal. Toronto and
PATRICK DOLAN, of the Township of Onslow, in the District of Pontiac, Defen -dant.
Express and
Buggy Wheels
ALL SIZES. RIGHT PRICES.
McDOUC^LL and GUINEA,
The Defendant i* ordered to appear within one month.
m.
gather before parliament, would the Simpson men agree not to oppose or question
the Gatineau application ?	I have placed the same in stock for the
Mr. Chrysler did not think that con- inspection of the ladies of Sbawville and Urgency would aris\ but he could not vicinity. All cordially invited to call and
plication.
Mr. P. D. Ross said the Board was
men. it was nt t a
C. BARS ALOV.
ProthonoUry of the »aid Cow’
?
I *
A
A#:*:»

Here it is !
The Place
\
Mr. Chrysler then made a speech strongly advocating the Pontiac Colonisa
tion Company’s claim to the support of composed of practical I... tha Board. He held that the road would debating society, and if it wanted some-benefit Ottawa as much aa the Gatineau thin,r definite'should go at it in the extension would. It would open up a most practical way. Mr. McRae’» different country containing great natural motion was icmothing which would apply to any part of Canada, but what Ottawa wanted was a road to James Bay.
The Board could be sure that there would be only one road aided by government, if any. The day of multifarious subsides past. This being the case, the Board should not stand off passing general resolutions, but should jump into tho thing with its whole weight in tha meat practical and most like'y manner, and in that only. That direction was the Gatineau road, by far the best for Ottawa, and by far the most likely to get a chance to go ahead. The resolution they had unani mousiy passed in favor of the Gatineau road was not enough, they should appoint a strong delegation to wait on the government about it. No other scheme should interfere.
The president then put Mr. McKee’* Copenhtgen, March 25.—A Danish motion favoring the Simpson scheme	eg	111
The motion was defeated by 16 to 11.
V
mrs. McWilliams,
SHAWVILLK.
P. S. Winter Hate selling at cost.

resources.
Mr. J. W. MciUe a:.d Mr. P. Wkclen spoke in a similar strain, laying peculiar stress on the magnificent water power at the Chats, of which this railway would ensure the development. They did not believe that the scheme was antagonistic to the Gatineau one, and held that it would be equally a great benefit to Ottawa. Mr. McRae moved :
14 That this board app •traction of all railroad! vbioct of opening up the mineral and lumber districts of the Ottawa Valley and especially the Pontiac Colonization * ,ad, now under the consideration of the present parliament <f Canada, aa it will develop a large mineral and pulp district now inaccessible, and will greatly assist in developing that splendid waterpower at the Chats, and which can be male a second Soo under proper development."
output last year being put at #22,257,000. All uietaillic product, however, shown an improvement, as do the non-metallic and structural materials There is reason to expect alio that the progress will be continued to the general benefit, and that in a few years the Canadian mineral output which has grown from $2 23 per head of population in 1896 and $8 90 iu 1899, to 111 84 in 1900, will reach, if it does not exceed the high U. S. figure of $15 per

Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Eavetroughing,
Hoofiqg and
Hepairiqg
Neatly done at leweet
prices.
Sussex St., OTTAWA.

was

I»
Don’t Make
a Serious Mistake

roves of the cons that have the
head
•nd buy a l nited State. History of “ Queen Victoria : Her Life and Reign " We have the only Canadian book by Lord Du fieri,, and (Well Hopkins Marquis of Lome says “ the best popular history published," and Sir Arthur Bigpce, the Queen s Private Secretary, Hon. .Joseph Chamberlain I ,,,-d Salis bury. Sir Oliver Mowat, Lord Tennyson, Karl of Jer.ey, Dr Carman Sir Chas. Topper, Sir William Van Horne, W. T. Stead. His Royal Highness^ the Duke of A ork, and all leading papers write in similar strains. I* |alwr ron tains more words, l-ctier illustrated, better payer, better binding ami oniv »1.75. Agents, don’t waste time handling American and inferior lawks when you can get the authentic, British Canadian book on better terms Hundreds of agents throwing away opposition prospectuses. If yo„ promise to we will fc-eml you an outfit free.
New Preservative Found
EXPECTED TO REVOLUTIONIZE SHIPPING Of PERISHABLE GOODS,
buttermaker 1 as discovered a new pre eervative, which excels everything in that line heretofore known. By means of this preparation it is possible to preserve
Mr. O F, Henderson mad. a forcible	—	I	‘nd lU kindi °f Peri,L#We
spe?ch opposing tlio adoption : thj rev - The Geological Survey in its unrarsed Expeiiments show that butter, for in-iution. The I>jard, he saifl, nac »on.e- Bttttenien$ 0f the mineial production of stance, can be preserved, melted and times been blamed for nang rea y io jqqq pUta the total value at $6 >,775,000. cooled eff again without losing any of its support anything, whether re I ab y back- For im lhe value wa8 $411,584,000. The freshncES. It can be placed among goods ed or not, and needed more assurance lncrease of over fourteen millions is the that are decomposing, or contain rank regarding the good fath and financial |argeat in the record, which goes back to odors without being affected. The pre strength of the - un paon company. . 0	when the total output reported was paration is not injurious from a sanitary
road existed, and there was no evidence onty $19,221.000. The increase in fifteen point of tier, and it is expected will that anything woul 1 ever come 1 t ia ^ therefore, has been over 500 per create a revolution in the shipping of
scheme. F urthor, that schema v\ as » cent jtg progteM1 j8 shown in the follow- perishable merchandise, parallel one to the Gatmeau road ; the - figur(8 ._
SrSSjHaSB!!®«
Mr. Chrysler h»d and there w., no op-; 8*’. ^	"whed here thW morning thet the
poMtion lutweeu the two. but if not why J™.. qsn<»-7.oi *,fe ,Dd b7e Lh,ldren Alexinder Ter
ill the fight the night before to prevent .. %%%!	«" d™woed 0Mr Tedou“e’ Vf?
the Gatineau resolution parsing unless {**. lamfton	!° the Sagueoey nver. The whole
accompanied by • rider faioring the i m.;..family were coming down m a boat from
Simpson scheme tool	The period of the greatest growth has above the Saguenay, where they had pass
Ur c Roes asked Mr. Chrysler to say been since 1894, and the Pacific coast ed the winter. The father of the family whether, if the two achemes came up to- contributed most to it, <he Yukon gold had a narrow escape.

THE OPPOSITION
DALE BROS.,
Mineral Production
canvass
ShawviUe.
The Bradley-Garretson Co., Limited,
Brantford, Ont.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
.303 Calibre
Savage Magazine Rifle.
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
°™»bSSftffBtasjjr TieOiliBaiierletSieleteMuter.
OO., VTTCâ, N. T.. V. 8. ÀM1IUCA,
Finest and safest rifle ever made for large or small game.
Write for complete la* Catalogue.


<


z
\




###PAGE###5###
T

w
THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Booms.
A. SMILEY, Prop.
1901!
1901!
LO.E
wejrrs.
Meet# the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues mast be paid promptly every month
Visiting brethren oor-dielly Invited.
H & BabwITT, F.B
A Weekly deems! devoted to LoesJ Interests.
yVBLfSESD BVBBT THURSDAY
AT BHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC. QUE. SUBSCRIPTION -$1.00 A TEAR IB AOTABCt.
No paper stopped until all arrearage# e paid, unless by special arrangement with oblisher,
m
: SPRING:
L.B.C
f. A. C0WAW.lt B
John Bickitt. C.R
:o
Sit™™» Things of Beauty
ADVERTISING RATES:
Legal advertising, eight cents per line for Arst Insertion snil four cents per line for
ach subsequent insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch inserted at #4.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will bsgiven on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry thr. e rents per line.
Hallo, Hard Clay !
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
For Ladies’ Wear
Have You seen My Photo before 7
I am made by Messrs. Frost & Wood and I can tumble you and cut you to pieces so quickly you would think you were sand. Do you see my
two levers, reversible tongue, patent adjustible scrapers ? Those who have tried me have advised their neighbors. They all agree I am the best Sold on my merits by
The epot for—
A Fashionable Haib Cct, Good Shampoo, oR A Clean Shave.
to be found at
uHfil g. F. Hodffins
9
Êi
JOB PRINTING
PRACTICAL
WATCDMAEER
All kind» of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
411 the Season’s Novelties are here shewn. Every new and stylish idea is here worked out aqd displayed in its various forms.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
JEWELLER
esse»
A SKL1CT STOCK OF
WITCH»,
CLOCKS,
JEWlLLIltr,
SILVIRWABB
Ac. Ac.
m
Business Cards.
'-i \
MHDICAL.


F.M.lMcHadghtoq,BA.,M.D.|C.II.
Graduat* or McGill UwrontsiTT.t
Office Residence of the late Dr. H. H Knot, ShawviUe.
Office hours Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.

Brilliantine Outer Skirts, plain and figured.
Under Skirts, in fancy Piques, and Satines.
Silk Blouses, Satine and Fancy Checks and Stripes.
Cotton Laces,

t
A SftOUUTT

Over-All Laces.
Silk Laces,
Embroideries and Insertions, Veilings.	- •
Bows and Ties, Neck-bands, Linen Collars,
Brass Buttons and Gilt Braids,
Belts in silk and velvet ribbon, gilt, beaded and leather. Dress Spikes—These will be leaders in trimmings of season.
A SMILEY.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M D., C. M
CEO. HYNES,
F. T. M. C.
Orsdests of Trinity Uaiveisity, Toronto ; Grsdtuta at Ttc torts University. Toronto. IWlow by examination of Trinity Mod. Collage, Toronto. Orrios AM Basrowcn : J. H Aimstbomo'i Hours, MAIM 8TRKET • • 8HAWVILL1.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
BOOBBEAÜ RAINVILLE, L. L, L, ISHAWVTLLB, - - QUE.
1901
1901
The D and A Straight Front Corset.
New Spring Pashlous require them. Every pair guaranteed to give satisfaction
o---AT POPULAR PRICES-----o
OR
LEGAL.
OREMOST
URNITURE.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, will visit Shawhlli ivbby Monday
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of rune-rsl Furnishing*, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
Fine Woollen and Worsted Goods, Suitings, Trouserings, Serges, &c.
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.
WM. GAMBLE,
Room 28, Trust Building. No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Bkawrllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
amee-over O. F. Hodglne’ Store. Main St.
Our patterns and cloths are new and up-to-date. Leave your order for tailor-made suit
a #
# #
# e
G. F. HODGINS,
assortment of
CEO C. WRIGHT, District and Country.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC.,
OP TBX PROVINCE Of QUEBEC,
PERSONAL ATTENTION

CHARGES MODERATE. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
TERMS REASONABLE
There is an unnecessary bill before the Ontario Legislature, the purpoee of which is to save the people from the operations Phone No. 13*i •	of the trading stamp companies. A
Attend# courte of Ottawa and I online petjt!on *#king that the measure be not Dintricu.	I	and signed by novrly 30 000 people
has been presented. The desire to be •hut off from their follies is not, it would seem, very strong in the Ontario heart.
• e
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
Truet	gtrect, Ottawa.
SHAWVILLE.
J. GRAHAM
to all appearances, having noticed th* presence of the hunters. The calf had been in some manner so injured that he
Xiagira Fall), Oof., April 2—Furwfe- couldI not walk. ...d hi. intelligent par-ral day, it ha. been noticed that one of enta had arranged to carre h.m, papoose
mm
was stopped for investigation, 'lhe start* mot,Vd* _*
ling discovery was then made that the body Liquefled Gaa For Motor Power, of a roan whose clothing was in shreds. ^	___
occupied the space in the turbine right FRBNCH credited with a remarkable over the valve. The body was removed	invention.
from the turbine with great difficulty.
A coroner's investigation resulted in the body being identified a# that of David P.
Holden, brother of Rev. John Holden, of St. Mary a Rectory. Hamilton. Oat., who, it developed, had been missing fiom him boarding house at Niagara Falla for over three months, with out any publicity having been given to the fact.
Mystery of Ontario Man’s Disap peranee Is 8 lved
NOTICE.
Fine Tract of Land
W. W. IRELAND,
ia hereby given that application &de to the Parliament of Canada
Notice ia hereby given that application will be made to the Parliament of Canada at it* next session, for an Act to amend the Act relating to the Ottawa and Gatineau Railway, and to change its name to that of the Ottawa, Gatineau and Western Railwry ; to empower it to acquire or amalgamate with the Pontiac Pacific Junction Railway Company; the Hull Electric Railway Company, the Ottawa and New York Railway Company Ottawa Interprovincial Bridge Com the Ottawa Electric Railway Com the Kingston and	¦¦
Company, or any one or more of them, am to exercise the powers, franchise and privileges thereof, or to acquire and to hold the stock or bonds of any one or more of them ; to issue stock, common or pref red, and bonds secured by mortgage < upon income, to such amount as may necessary for the purpose of the undertaking. And also to authorize the company to acquire, work and dispose of, mines and timber lands and the products thereof ; to acquire, erect, use, and dispose of pulp, ana paper mills ; and to acquire, use and Mr ~ of, water powers for electrical r purposes.
RESULTS or THE RBCBNT EXPLORATION IN
NEW ONTARIO.
Clerk of tbs Dietriet Magistrates' Court.
S». sMassrs- » !
The Celtic has nine decks and capacity
for 2.8G0 passengers. She will carry a
_	. asA^-izAV R n I |crew of 335 men. Her Image is 3.U00
S. A. MAvrxAY, d.v.l,, greater then tbit of the Oceanic, snd
ROTARY PUBLI h NOTARY FOR THE j neatly doutb that of the Kaiser Wilhelm RELIANCE LO a N AND 'HAVING» ^ Grosse, and her displacement is 12,
»*%sr-
ffMy of every week.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
isssaspi
madeand p-omptreturnsassured
Mr. Kirkpatrick, chief the Ontario Surveys Department, has about completed compiling his report on the result of
QUE,
SHAWVILLE
ed compiling ms report un toe rcaui* the explorations of the parties sent out by the Government last year. No State in the Union has so fine a tract of arable land as that which has been discovered in New Ontario, is what he may#
The reports of the expeditions show that there is an unbroken area 175 miles long by 100 miles wide, of the fin* eat virgin soil on the continent of Am, Altogether there are 10,000,000
_____i of good land in the new country,
that has never been touched by a plough. In this large tract there are 17,000 fquare miles or 11,200,000 acre# At lea>t 75 percent, of this land is as good as that found in the Garden tf
The 10,000,000 acres explored are equal to seven hundred townships of thirty six miles. There is enough pulp wood growing in the country to
as large as the one at the ?inn fur twentv voars. A
y, the mpany,
Hailway Uompany, Pembroke Railway
5
I
London, Apnl 3.—The Paris corre spondent of the Daily Frenchman named J. I* venting a motor worked with liquefied gaa. The correspondent says he manipulated the motor and found it oderless, without vibration and almost noiseless, j The inventor claims that the gas is three times as powerful as steam. A vessel propelled by coal gas might for years without needing to refill her bunkers.
Bullet Hit Young Woman.
\
Drunkenness and Crimb.—Thethirty-third annual report i f the prisons and reformatsies of Ontario was presented to the legislature recently. It shows that the number of prisoners committed to the gaova during the past year was 8,694, being 491 more than for the year previous ; of this total 7,361 were males and 1.333 females. There were 485 more c immiitali for drunkenness for theysrr than for the previous year ; for crimes against public morals and decency the number committed warn 2,472, or 74 more than in the previous year.
Mail crédita a Lajoice with in-
erica,
acres
(
t
J. J. TURNER,
dis
Twins Perished
4 DOHt* f
<1 othe
remain at sea
Ontario
an
LICENSED AUCTIONEER tor the County
asm®
H. B. McGIVERN,
Solicitor for »ald Company Dated ar Ottawa the 11th day of Jaau ary. 1901.
MOTHER OVERCOME BY FKAR YELL U'XCONSOI ors WHILE HER BABES WERE BURNED.

pulp wood gi keep ten mills i
**Soo” in operation for twenty years _ conservative estimate places this amount uf pulp wood at 270,000,000. In addi-to this there are 3,000,000 feet of good red and white pine.
April 3. —While
St. Thomas, Ont.,
Alex. McGinnes, farm laborer for C. R. Stevenson, of Southwold township, near the village of Fingel, was cutting wood today, hia shanty in the woods, some 40 rods distant took tiro. Bis wife with two children were s short distance away gathering wood, her twins, seven months old, being in the house. Mrs. Stevenson on seeing the fire was prostrated with fear and fell and lay ucc roscions and before the children could reach their father the shanty was consumed and the two babies were burned to death.
J. C. ELLIOTT,
CARRIERS RIFLE PRACTICE AT THREE RIVERS ADDS ANOTHER VICTIM TO LIST,
The Smallpox Report
HOTELS.
NOW 65 CASES AT SUDBURY AND 50 SUSPECTS
nr ISOLATION.
Toronto, Apnl 3.—A report received in the Provincial Health Department puts the number of smallpox cases in the Sudbury hospital at 65, and the suspects at 50 at the end of last week. One thousand men from the lumber campe were examined, and 500 of these re vaccinated. Dr. Bryce ia feeling cheerful over the fact that practically no cases have come away from Sudbury in the past three weeks; the new ones in Lower Ontario being the result of those already down here.
Thiee Rivers, Que , April l.—Mise Ssrazio, aged 19, residing on Royal st., heard the breaking of a pane of glass in her home yesterday afternoon and went out into the yard to ascertain the cause. A moment later she was struck by a 32-flaubert bullet in the left side of the neck just below the jaw. A 14 year-old lad named Oliver, was in the neighboring yard firing at a tin target, and one of the bullets went wide.
The physicians have not been able to extract the bullet as yet and the patient s suffering intense pain, i Mr. Rouleau who n et with a similar accident some two months ago, is quite well. Mr. Rouleau’s face was pierced from aide to side.
St. Lawrence Hall,

DEALER IN
AND MANUFACTURER OF ALL KINDS OF
A Landslide
•9
Mrs C,M. McLean,
Proprietress#
flood Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-VLAS# Uvert Attached.
Ii
THE 0AH5IAÜ VALLEY TRACK AT IRON SIDES BURIED UNDER TWELVE FEET
OF EARTH.
Hough and Dressed
r*
Lumber Shingles, So.
Another serious landslide occurred on Thursday afternoon last on the Ottawa and Gatineau railway near Ironsides and aa a result the up-going train had to b« cancelled. There is a cut at the point mentioned and the earthen embankment again became loosened, owing to the frost coming out, and a quantity of dirt and alone was precipitated, covering the track for a distance of over one hundred feet and to the depth of about twelve feet. This is the third landslide this season at Ironsides. A gang of one hundred Italians was immediately despatched to the scene and the track will be cleared in time for the passage of trains on Friday afternoon. No one was injured in the slide nor was there any train near at the time.
Manager Resseman stated tha* last
the second time for several

?
5

ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
8A8H and DOOM
Here’s a Hunting Story

Bangor, Me., April L—À parly of sportsmen from New Yoik and B «ton were hunting in this district recently and one morning witnessed a fight between a moose and a wild cat. There Lav! been a light fall of snow, and they came upon | the tracks of three moose, which they followed. At several spots on the trail they found signs of » struggle. Finally they heard 8’gns of a battle ahead, and mounting the crest of a hill they caught sight of a fierce conflict. Retreating as rapidly as possible under the circum stances was a good-sized cow moose, perched upon whose back was a calf that had apparently been injured, while a little in front of the cow a large bull moose was engaged in a desperate tight with an enormous wild cat—the l urgesc cut t 10 guide had ever seen. The party watched the tight for some minutes, until finally with • sweep of bis antlers the mooes dealt a blow that meed to disable the cat. The hunters might easily have killed the bull then and there, lut their admiration for the pluck and resourcefui-ness of the moose family saved the big fellow. When the wild cat trudto get sway he was quickly shot. Tbs three moose moved rapidly out of eight without,
PLANING & MATCHING
done to order.
CUSTOM SAWING
dune as cheaply a« the cheapest.
Highest Cash Price paid for all kin of sound Logs, Shingle Bolts, dec
Aguinaldo’a Manifesto
Protest Re Delpit Case

!
—ALL KIND* OF—
i
Manila, A pi il 5.—Aguinaldo, composing his manifesto to the Filipino psople, spend* hours consulting • dictionary. The manifesto is not yet finished
Promising gold from the Island of Masbate, close to the southern extremity of Luzon.
The collier Brutus has arrived here fiom Guam and reports that the Filipino prisoners there are in excellent health.
The investigation into the commissary scandals is progressing and those civilians implicated therein will be tried •con.
*
interior & Eiterior
A,I
Montreal, April 3 —The Courrier Du Canada publishes the most vigorous criticism of Judge Archibald’s judgment in the Delpit esse. It is over a column in length, and after reviewing the facts says
'* Judge Archibald has denied the clear precise and rigorous principles laid down in article 127 of the civil code ; he has just broken the links of that unassailable logic ; in a word, he has very deliberate-ately torn oat a page of cur civil code. The decision is too serious, too fatal, too erroneous, tro much contrary to law, too disastrous in consequence to allow Cm tholic opinion not to be greatly concerned therewith. For cur part we refuse to bow down to that ephemeral decision. We raise our voice to proclaim that it commands neither our admiration nor our respect."
The article concludes with a demand that the case be carried to appesl.
FINISH FOR
HonseBteVersndkhs
MANUFACTURED.
BASH, newel posts, dressed
LUMBER,Ac. Ac,
Kept in stock amt made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT WPÜUEPRICES
discoveries are report
MAIN STREET. - SHAWVILLE
DOORS
evening was years that a train on the 0. & G. had to be cancelled. The other occasion was on the night of the big fire in April last.— Citizen.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD

McCREDIE & HODGINS.
To bey well, watch the latest prices a si information in the special TRADE P*£SS.
Mr. Orange Wright, of Renfrew, has received the appointment of sub-collector of customs at Renfrew, in the piece of Mr. Donald Stewart, deceased.
The Canadian Orecer sud Sterefcleper The Hardware and Betel Berohiet
The first census of the British Empire, which, by the way, was taken 30 years ago, showing a population of 260,000,000. It has been estimated that when the present census is concluded it will show that Edward VII., has dominion over 400,000,000 subjects. The last hundred thousand giving more trouble than the previous hundred millions.
The Beehseller a*d Stetlewer
The Deadly Tuberculosis —During the month of March the mortality atari# tics show 127 death in Ottawa, of which two died of scarlet fever, nine of diphtheria, 12 of tuberculosis, and one of whooping coogh.
Mica Jean Ramsay, of Montreal, has been appointed head
Bruckville General Hospital
JIUcLEAN PUB. CO., United
nurse and Mr. D. of Cainstown, burner, of
B

/


À
XA


V
A.
I
###PAGE###6###




V
(

for punishment. The first blow struck I The Conductor'# Heady Answer, was ft signal, and every convict uttered	The Metropolitan Street Railway
a shout anti sprang for a wrapou. It	company has In Its employ n phlloeo-	pi
iHiPS	.......... _
which time the surgeon, first and second him by the arm, exclaimed:	was afterward captured and added to hnt When E«oh Discovered wu#
mates mul three hands were killed. In u0h conductor how many stories the collection of reptiles on the farm. | the Other Wn# Everyth Ins Was off.
piss« ##== I
by the time I got my senses back, and the Just then a small man with a largo gators keep up an Incessant harking vr\ii\ Every telephone bell on this wire convict gang was wild with exultation, traveling bag rushed In almost out of	_____ LSShnn* !!«?	? 7’t ,,7 ïp!u!al
mmm k—--	M##
the first idea of the convicts was to go d^rU „	.	M l	L°.r cvcry other sub8Crilwr 00 the »ame
ashore at St. Paul, having previously Lcven, was the quiet reply.	Ill II ' ' ' li i t A i.	,
scuttled the ship, but this gave place to “That’s gootl,'11 commented the small I , ffnV u.> uVir / r	Suburbanvllle • social lines were for-
another plan. The third mate, or boa’n, |	mnti, evidently relieved.	(	IRaiW^ Ufcflkmk fftfv i •	mcrly	m*rkcd	membership	In	church
At tills juncture another man climb*	(	; !),’	.	;	congregations. In some	one	of	the	dozen
or more whist clubs ami lastly by the butcher who supplied the family. When Mrs. Smith wanted to Invite a dozen congenial women to form a whist or bowling club, she sorted out women who patronized the same hutches and went to the same church.
Since the party telephones have been put In It has made the problem of collecting a dozen congenial women ho complex that It would puzzle a graduate In double entry bookkeeping. Not only must the hostess bear in mind the congregation to which the women belong nu<f the butchers whom they patronize, but she must be sure not to bring together two women who use the same party wire. Such a disaster happened last week.
Mrs. Oncring had never met Mrs. Tworing, though their telephones were on the same wire. When Mrs. Tworing’s telephone was put In, she thoroughly enjoyed the novelty of calling up nil of her friends who had telephones a dozen times a day. Mrs. Onering had become accustomed to her telephone, and the continual jangling of Mrs. Tworing's calls annoyed her. Several lively skirmishes followed over the wire.
One morning when Mrs. Ouerlug was anxious to telephone for n cab to catch a certain train she waited for Mrs. Two-ring to get through telephoning until her patience was exhausted. Then she broke
ROYAL BATTLE.
USE THE SAME WIRE.
ROADSIDE REST.
NOTES A ND COMMENTS
Such quiet sleep has come to them!
The springs nul autumns pais,
Nor do they know U it ba snow Or daisies in the grass.
All diy the lirchcs bend to hesr The river’s undertone;
Across the bush ¦ fluting thrush Sings evensong alone.
Dut down their dream there drifts no sound The winds may sob and stir;
On the still breast of l’esce they rest.
And they are glad of her.
They ask not any gift ; they mind Not any foot that fares;
Unheededly life passes by;
Such quiet sleep is theirs.
—Arthur Ketchum in Atlantic.
Oetrl
The fact that there Li a strong feel-
A Ulna tor In F 1er Ida.
The Florida ostrich farm it Jackson*
TELEPHONE MAKES TROUBLE FOP WOMEN OF 8UBURB*rtVILLE.
in g in England against the "no pop-claiiscS of the monarch's accession oath shows In a striking way the advances toward religion( toleration which have been made in the present Edward VIL, on his accession
ery
age
to office, was compelled to make a formal and emphatic avowal of his rejection of the dog ts of the Church of Rome,
disclaimer g#uund harsh to the ears of
the Protestants; of this day, and are
Per-
in this
Some expressions
very offensive to Catholic*
Bonally the King, it Usaid, was in faw of omitting those particular words, but the law compelled him to use them, as it did hist mother when she went to the throne two-thirds of a century ago, and it has done to all the other Rritish monarch* of the past
I
or
THE CONVICT SHIP
!

agreed to cast in his lot with the convicts
The captain, carpenter, sailmnker and I cd aboard that wanted to know about six or seven hands got no choice. The | whnt time the car would reach the longboat was lowered, provided with sails, oars, food and water, and the men l have named were sent adrift without being harmed. By a pocket compass which
..	...	, . .	.	, one of them carried they steered a course,,	.	,
hire a sailing vessel to transport them. 1| for the i8iand ond lnndoil thcro two daya ty of his answers, he replied:
have seen them go in fifties, and I have, iateri but were on It six months before "Yen. You see, if you hesitate about
seen 215 on board of one ship. A trans being taken off. I wanted to go with answering ’em, they git worried, but
port ship was fitted up between decks as them, but Small refused me permission, If you have an answer ready they’re
a prison, the space being divided off by saying that I had been so kind to him satisfied. Now, about this time of
two Iron gratings, ami every 20 men were llv fo,t ** <lllt/ t0 reward me. | night, I always say * 'Lovcn/ It’s a
All the others also snokc very kindly to
me, and I had the mortification of realising that I was the catspaw by which they had taken possession of the ship.
As soon as tho longboat had left us
i

In former years, before penal colonies were abandoned, transportation meant everything that was vile, vicious and horrible.
When 50 or more convicts were ready for Botany Bay the government would
It is these expressions
i
200 years, that many Protestant* desire to abolish by act of Parliament.
1

r

Gllsey Mouse.
Lcven,” again replied the conductor, with a weary look.
When questioned ns to the uniformi*
1
M I
her list the
Ü!
In the act of settlement, passed in 1700, the accession was placed on the Electros* Sophia of Hanover, and the •‘hairs of her body, being Protestant/' At that time, in the absence of children to William and Mary, the Princes* Anne, Mary’s sister, was the heir to the throne, and her son, the Duke of Gloucester, had just died. With Anne's death, therefore, the succcs-would have become extinct, and
t
Will
u
r
t
i

\
good, handy number, easy to say. Other times I use other numbers. I alius have a lot of stock answers on hand. It saves time and trouble.
in charge of a captain, one of their own number. The lot were in charge of a surgeon appointed by the government to go with the ship. In all matters affecting
the convicts, every man on the ship was and the dead had been thrown overboard, the Electros* of Hanover was I bound to obey the surgeon. The crew Small called all the people together and
R
t,

fltton
to make provision* for this contin-
gency^e	¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ u m m m ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦	mm
made the hoir after Anne, the stipu- had muskets and cutlasses dealt out to made a speech. He appointed his otti-
lation being that she should be, as she them, and a certain number had to stand ^ers, 8tatvd that lie proposed to steer to
was, Protestant. The- Eleotress was guard ns the variou. gangs	w<ue brought,	C,d"%lZhlm*lfTplr#te and% : how	the	modesty of two women, the
dead before Anne's demise, and the on de<k to e exercised.	7 sut goon	hanged to him. The men cheered again 1 queen	of	England	and	the	queen	of
went to her son, who became was tt plough ™*n» he *ot his con- and again, and by an hour after meridian soug, caused a momentary awkward-
isrUaSts™stTm.	s'?'Jm,s:“•—“•«“"•--*
break of malignant type, which some- two or three convicts who growled about times carried off half the lot. I knew one ft were knocked down with promptness ship to lose 47 convicts out of Go, and and vigor. I was assigned to the cabin with them 11 of the crew.	! to wait on the captain, and our cook and
The ship Silver Queen, Captain James, steward had to do duty as before. Small In the name of religion scores had contracted to carry out 128 Botany knew something of navigation, and he of persons had been condemned to Bay convicts, and this was my second had some smart sailors with him. He
........i xvr. m srsr £
Cendant, persecuting the Viot . .	,	reached my fifteenth year	and was a	to the north after passing St. Paul was
and the Protestants retaliating when pretty solid lad for my age.	As I renient	the Cbagoa archipelago, In the Indian
they got into power. The Protestants her the lot. about 50 were sentenced for ocran.
triumphed in the end, and stringent manslaughter, the same number for rob For the next 1U days little happened of i	j	Catholics bery uud burglary, and the others were interest. Then one day about noon we
laws were passed	1	• made up of forgers, embezzlers, inecn sighted a Dutch brig on her way out
who were allowed very few eocial or juries and so on. There were two in from Java. The sailmakcr had mnnu-politicai privileges in the state. In the lot who had escaped from the Bay factund a very fair piratical tiag, and the lapse of time most of those pro- and finally found their way hack to be this was immediately run up and our
«criptive	.«	Sat
the statute books. Catholics are in oute and the ship carried an extra officer time, being scared half to death Parliament, hold high positions in the and four extra hands. The prison part had a crew of seven men, and no rearmy and arc on an equality in most took up one-half of the space between gists nee was offered. Small sent a boat
""Tt‘rJ5	ÏÏÜ 2	»'S 5St5
Earl Marshal who was in cnargo oi	time were allowed to come up for ten	after the crafts drifted together, they [ embarrassing, Jenny Lind, with ready	distended.crouching and Jumping back-
the ceremonies under which Edward	minutes' exercise.	were lashed in that position for the next	tact, ran forward to the footlights and	ward and forward between the alliga
VII. made his "no popery," déclara-	Boylike, my sympathies were with the	80 hours. The brig was full of coffee and	sang "God Save the Queen," which	tor and the eggs In the nest.
*tion was himself a Catholic. A Cath-	convicts. No matter what they had done,	spices. Small took what lie wanted out	was caught up at the end of the solo by	Suddenly the ostrich Jumped forward,
die can hold any office under the Brl-	,Znmtter* with me' ciew'w'ro Jut ‘.drift to tiown'^wL '11,6	eborus and audleuce'	n«h thygw .wished
tiflh Government,	except	King,	or	The discipline of the ship was very strict. During the next two weeks we sighted
Queen,	Lord Chancellor,	Lord	Keep-	but 1 found several opportunities to only two sails, and they were far distant.
of the Privy Seal and Lord Lieu- show my good will. When on duty be- % think it was only on the twenty-ninth	_
M..d ih. .u*	sr. sk	surïs .................	-a*	„,to,
religious barriers have uetnsxvLpi. digobedicnce of ^les. Every convict j	was mnde out on our port quarter. This	The Chinese road Is private property,	with n stately tread around the nvet	and each wondered why she had not hap
tbs removal of most gang bad *ts *eadcr* T,‘° Iwdor of this	was about 0 o'clock in the morning, and	a 8tr,P taken from somebody’s land,	and seemed to upbraid her lord and	P/‘,lcd t0 mect the other before. Then
mmÉBÊËË Bp IB jfügg -
At a meeting of the British Wo- afterward Slivered to a sailor before the excitement on board our ship. The arms cun pass one another only by trespass- forward, Ills in agit Iff cent wings quiver* think I will apply to have my wire men's Emigration Society in London masti \ d;d nn this out of pure sym-	were got out, grog served to the men, and	hig on the cultivated land. To prevent	|ng with rage, he stealthily circled	changed. I can't stand it.
the other day, Colonial Secretary patby, having not the slightest idea that	m cry body was impatient for the India-	tl,ls tlie farmers dig deep ditches by	around and around, closing up the clr-	“That s just my experience, said Mrs.
Chamberlain advocated raising a spe- there was any wrong in it.	man to come on. She came pacing along the roadside. As the surface wears clc each time until within proper strik- , on”5 1 l.‘ ‘K	ntvPI!e,J 7l!! L
mp ¦! ¦* * mm mm
than men, and iccieties in both conn-	most ag fine as making a rrgular voyage	moment Inter she flew French colors and	that a road 0 ^ousand years old be- : ed proudly away.	So	many	common expenences made
tries arc attempting u with prob-	outi I said nothing whatever occurred,	began to drop her gun port rovers.	comesa river.	I Culling for n rope, the keeper of	the	*“*•	Onering nnd Mrs. Iwovug very
lem* which this situation presents.	I meant among the convicts. It after-	For 'he next five minutes confusion	Those whose lands arc used for roads 1 birds, with a negro helper, lassoed	the	c n c u w a a just a no u t 101 ^
The British Women's Emigration So-	ward transpired that there was nn excite	reigned supreme on our decks. Then	naturally prefer to have the roads run hlg alligator and. with the combined	!'*!*“•	Lid to them"
scried at Capo Town, and the same num- up and passed us close enough to hail	reach	ft	P,ace that	is	,n ^allty	but a	been	injured on the left foot,but wheth-	“Certainly,	said	the	hostess.	Mrs.
ber of new hands were shipped. I could and ask what was the trouble. Small	few mil* away.	This	always Interests	er	It	was from the effect of the blow	Onering, I	want	to	present	a neighbor or
never sec where the sailor had anv hand answered that wc were an emigrant ship the stranger.	received from or given to the alligator	. vj 75'.	\r,a
in it, but we certainly lost by the ex- and that the black ling was a joke.	- Is not known.	A Tworing. d.d 7™ «7-. asked M s-
change. We lost seven Englishmen. The corvct ran abend, luffed up and I	How the Car Cot There.----------Onering. Yes,	mnw Im mini
while those who filled their places we.e	tired a gun for us to heave to. Small	The other clay at Twenty sixth	street	sinnghter	of Chri'tion..	11 lovelv	afternoon.”
Portuguese and half breed Dutchmen,and	ordered all sail to be set, but the men	I ftn inspector "hopped" on the	front The condition of	war along the const / i* t wvnt
as duty a svt as you ever saw aboard a | were hardly aloft before the cor vet sent p|ntform of a Mn(llson avenue electric I of China has diverted attention to a "ïr^hehadnot gone, I would have
jtisssaw:	™ j srarcs £	h r-
laid the course straight for Point Dnvey, a heard, and the fact that wc were a con- "Where the dickens Is this ear goin?"	VE?.T I al°n; beautifully, said the kosess
on the southernmost end of Tasmania vie* ship was at once apparent. Half I “Why. to the Brooklyn bridge, of	tv	, I "H?r Je,pPhollc is on	y '
The efforts of the society thus far Land, this course being only two points our number were transferred to the cor- course."	[ 3|	/>2£:S w X'jjil111 I *nd Bhebotbers me yei> m -
have met with much success. They from due east. In this run. clear across vet and 25 Frenchmen put aboard of "Get off and look at ycr signs."	tJ|||	ns «trnnrera. snd
help in the upbuilding of new coun- nrc the only two within 500 miles of the all blame when put on trial, but Small * ,	‘ ’ „ fl ,	, , . .]
tries.	Hundreds of women	have	gone	course.	and live others were hanged, and every	8treeî' tb5 ü!^ °° tbe	side
.	.	.	n1.	nnf. Couth	Africa	The	1 was on guard below for four hours	other man whose sentence had been less	of the roof read. Second axenue,	and
to Australia ana .un	every other day. On such occasion Small than life had it extended. ~ the sign on the rear hood, "Astor
emigration to Canada has m en l	asked uic for the run of the ship. I could	place." The conductor and motorman
numerous, though west of Ontario	npariy always give it to him, as I heard	-between them having adjusted	the
women are still in the minority. No	it from some of the officers. We had	Shetland	Women.	signs, the inspector permitted the	car
trnvpi from Win ni oetr to the	been out a week when be asked me about There is a earlier in Shetland that does #0 nroceed.
the island of St. Paul. I bad on old almost the work of the Shetland pony, chart, on which it was put down as un- That Is the Shetland woman. All the
The Queen end Jenny Lind.
There Is n pretty story told of Queen Victoria and Jenny Lind which shows
crown
George !.. and tl tlsh royal hou*e of Uanovnr
•TV
overcame
It was on a night when Jenny Lind was to sing at Her Majesty's Opera House that the queen made her first public appearance after tbc memorable
Chartist day.	| ostrich and alligator in uattl*.
For the great artist, too, tills was a nights, and on hot days they may bf in on the wire with the request: first appearance, for it was the begin-	6een	sunning themselves In secluded	">> on t you please git-e me a	rhanco to
nlng of her season at a place where tho	spots	on the banks of the river. The	eofi up the livery stable? I m	iif a hur-
year before she had won unparalleled immense grounds occupied by the os .*,Are you> |njeei]y* Ba|d the vo|ce> fame. It happened that the queen en-	filch	farm being quiet, the river bank	«who are you?"
tered the royal box at the same mo-	Is a	favorite rousting place for tht	"I nm Mrs. Onering. Who are you?"
ment that the prima donna stepped up- saurians.	"I am Mrs. Tworing, and 1 shall com
on the stage. Instantly a tumult of ao On Sunday there was a commotion In plain to central that you have been lis clainatIon burst forth.	the breeding pen of the big ostrich toning."
Jenny Lind modestly retired to tho Mark Hanna, who has mated this sea- "Well, then, I will tell central that I back of the stage, waiting till the dora- son with Lady Brummel. and they ore fnu % kelp listening because you arc us-
onstratlon of loyalty to tho sovereign taking core of about a dozen egg. ^ch riSttl. wlre'a.^oa hav"- " should subside. The queen, refusing to NX hen the keeper rushed to see what «vomce from having ill bred persons on appropriate to herself that which she was the trouble, he found a big eight tbc ami”_
Imaglned to be Intended for the artist, foot long alligator In the pen with hi* "People who never had a telephone be-
mUg^bvady eyes glaring at Mark Hamm, fore, and"—
At length, when the situation became who was rushing around with wings "I'll complain, and"—
“I won't stand it a"—
“Such Impertinence I"
Bur-r-r-r, and both telephones rang off at the same time. It so happened that Mrs. Onering and Mrs. Tworing did not
. . , ,,	,	A ,	, know each other by sight. They were
The queen then came to the front of his tall around until he completed n cir- b()tb guest8 nt n Helping Hand social,
her box and bowed, and the opera was cle With his body, and the ostrich was ftm], happening to be seated together,
knocked off his feet and fled In dla they opened conversation without the
formality of an introduction.
They agreed beautifully about butchers,
At that time the religious question Was tho burning issue in British polit ic.s
He
made no acknowledgment
living death settled the mutter with me. The discipline of the ship was very strict,
or
resumed.
er





I


A large number of British wo-debarred from marrying be-
6
men arc	¦	,
cause of the excess of their sex ; and they have a hard etruggle in the effort to support themselves, for the women are more numerous than the opportunities. The laudable aim of iho emigration society is to interest eelf-dependent women in the colonies and help them to establish themselves in these distant countries where thvy may find far better chances for selfsupport or desirable marriage*
%
ship
i8
T- / - it'


R
'

1
l



- So many hostesses In Suburbanrllle have had similar awkward experiences that they have now applied to the telephone company for a classified list of the party telephones In tine, so that two wo-who use the same wire may not be iuvited at the same lime.-

!to


7
V
i
V
I

V
/

men

one can
Rocky Mountains without hearing on
EEHSSrEiii SwSS^I J®sw
tuth	Africa also women	are	in a	1 been older I should not have been de-	lug and curing and a large portion of the	l>ersonnl conduct ns the hair of the
«rtr	minority and with	the	enor-	ceived. I was only a lad, and a green	peat. Is carried, not on ponies’ backs, lent	head. So If a man began sharing when
* g	development that is sure	to fol-	one at that, and, ns 1 told you before, I	on the lucks of women in the universal	be was 10 nod lives to he 70 years old
i(L. tho return of peace many thou- felt a deep sympathy for the convicts. kushio” of tho islands.	j be will have cut more than a little bit fgg
«Ids of men and women from over- It was on a J uesday night that 1	Jim u a creel made of twisted and Qrf |bc top. If he could keep In poal*1 E
<MSSB	!sTifi=S:EF™=;=¦= ;
Small the news. It was just an hour	pounds weight In their “kashlcs,” but	and sit In n store window to advertise
Inter when a fight broke out among the	!;nit. knit, knit forever and forever. Veet	a hair restorer lu the winter,
and there was a row to disturb the	jg the principal burden, for there Is no
wood fuel la Shetland.
6
>
Shares of # Lifetime.
/

r-

Fond Recollections.
"Did you enjoy the story of Aladdin and his wonderful lamp when you were a child r
"Yes," answered Mr. Blykins. *1 often look back ou those happy days of Innocence when I could rend yarns of wonderful mechanical Inventions like that without being tempted to put up niy good money to help foi^i a stock com*»
MmëÇÊmÊtÈ^ÈEÊliSÊÊÈÎÈÈÈtË
z
;i\


r>.„ A 1
US

l
m
nfi
cr

op

To
turl wine growing, stock raising, andwnining have room for great expansion.


A Distinction.
“You have a good deal of assurance to come to me for charity." said the man of the house, "with your fare nil bunged up from lighting. You're nothing but a bruis-
vrH
"No. sir," replied the seedy vagrant, who was net wanting in spirit. "The other feller wng the bruiser. I" bruise#."-	.	»*
whole ship. The orders of the officers were set at defiance, and as n consequence, when they did succeed in commanding obedience, it was deemed best to do some flogging to overawe the convicts. Four men who were sup be ringleaders were singled out, the entire lot were mastered on deck, and pre Ity moo	as

l Bcjknm ia atilt the most densely peoplel country of Europe, but Eng land, tlken opart from the remainder of they sited Kingdom, baa more in-tiabitaft* to the square mile than
r pa. t of Europe ; and no i than England needs out-k superfluous population.
A rllsllc.
Rno—You said yon were going to marry an artist, nnd now you are engaged to marry n dentist I Fio— Well. Isn't he a a «•*!#•.?
from real life.
, îîASSAcnB ni a cnrncH in chtxa farther In the Interior have taken tien dish delight In attacking the worshipers In Christian church-
and the accompanying illustration an exam
Unprofitable.
erlty will recognize the
answered Mr. Stormlngton s. But the dUVS -e is that so far
is oo the
Ps P
•ulus displayed in your new d "Yes."
The Boxers
d to
Hi

OJ
the
any o
land t
ns I am
lathed np to the gratings free list.*
pic of the horrors enacted.

SeUs for
l



V	$
###PAGE###7###
1
FIEES THAT EVER BURN.
It H the lit— , who have per-
ly, simply, Implicit/, tie child and the Cupid feet, adorable mouths. Above all, do not, when In pain, anxiety or strass of mind, press the lips so firmly together. You will soon straighten out and spoil all the curves of your mouth If you do."
“ It Is responsibility and the sense of bearing the burdens of things which has gradually reduced the curving feminine mouth to a straight line,” said a thoughtful woman physician not long since, " Be anxious and straightway your lips lengthen and lose softness. Smile, be loving, gay, and light-hearted then look in the mirror."
Study the straightened mouths of actresses, professional women, society women and well-known beauty alike. Then contrast these straightened mouths with those of the womm from whom the Madonna was painted, and of Mme. Recaroier, the famous beauty who lived and loved and felt far more than she thought or studied, save how to keep herself in beat and most beauteous condition.
And when next you feel like pressing your pretty lips too firmly together remember the suggestions herein offered you, and—don’t.
?
:
at ic l<H
#
to African Obi
•OftTfll	.
from spirltualiitio planchettes to
Ibo moat horrible of Fijian death potion.
In the centre of the wall, opposite to where we stood, wad a larg« fireplace of the fashion usually met with In old English manor-houses and on either side of it a figure that nearly turned me sick with horror.
dwr“jMt°.bo“f lUwntVe “h», w." reiiUy °a Slro'Sf1 NurLbTrn* India, Time waa when the feminine mouth 'Another day was spent In anxious a great orflUBb—a noise of breaking if one might Judge by his dregs and waa a thing of curves and beauty, a
EEEHH ESEHil m&Bkf EtHE ~
giving up hope. I detected » five, Beckenham was beside me help- his body, was ao heavy as to require pouting most delightfully from the
SiffiïK EESEHuk
ing a atiok through a hole in a brick foment expecting to see at door to the floor. To add to the horror mine mouth then contain, wall. I Informed Beckenham of the	,pen and *	crowd of PrendergasVa	Qf this awful head, It wad quite	{Nowadays—well, the feminine mouth
(lot In a whisper;and thon put my	ruffians oome rushing out. “We shall	bald; the skin was drawn tenae y	j* just tta attractive and aa lovable, of
srrr ::: SS «Sas s â- ”*r M
a match I But it <was no use wishing	iny eing|e	kind, save our excited	Qn the other aide of the hearth was	markedly are very seldom seen nowa-
for what was Impossible, ao I put my	breathing,	greeted our ears. We	a creftture balf-ape and half-man—	days, except in very young children.
Z Z:	zrzzzzsiz
and fro for a brief spaco, and then *ide by aide, waiting for the battle ftanraa me, ho was described upon the seek.
disappeared from my grasp entirely: which did not come.	catalogue as a Burmese monkey-boy. Women of recent years have grown
SsaStivSy SSSS5 s r mlï
thrust Into my hand,	and	from	dead. Can they have deserted	the	for an the world like a	monkey In	them are even bravo enough to face
its rough edge I knew it	to be	a file,	place, think you, and	left us	to	â	a mouse rampant in these progressive,
I drew U out as If U were made of	...	.	fhen But, horrible as these things were, iatter-day times and seasons ; quite a
gold and thrust U Into my pocket. ?	“"nawered"	" But don't	^/“^r.'lundÛig it	the* Kav,	lew ot them dare to *unt • "lion.or	Now Zealand U looked	upon	al the	, burning	^
piece, of string	waa	attached	to U,and	f0u think we'd better take advantage	oaken table In the centre of the room,	a tiger. In losing the timid, retiring	most progressive country in the world	fo
the reason	of	this	I	waa	at	first	at	ot their not coming to find a way	e man l ahould have known any-	character which once distinguished	M regarda experimental government.	.	.	.	nn .	*.#im.taA
- " —‘ *“¦ - - sus ta r:r	zxzzpzzz arz arr EEEEr m
,r bow the lend liw.	As I’m	tb.	oeeupiod with a scalpel,	disieotlng	ner dimples has been lost also.	between	employer	and	employe	are	contUme	tQ afl furloualy as ever,
stronger, I’ll go. You wait here. an goimal strangely resembling a Because—the mouth ia the mirror settled by arbitration. Even women	lon ,, m
z s rj=s: s. =r, -, skats!
It could not have been more than sixty	pinion, the same flcndith black cat	mouths," runs the wise old French	ago of ZL Here also Lean old age	quench	them,	tio	great	Is the heat
feet, it seemed of interminable length	| hare* mentioned elsewhere; while	a(jage. The change In the charac-	pension, while Government owner-	imparted to the soil that	no vegetable
.ml we. .. black .. Bight. Not S et tbecnd nearest u3, standing on ter and outline of the mouth woman- ship ia now ancient history, so lar aa or animal life can exist any length of
glimmer ll.hl. b.....r M* — UjMW ^ *•«- SrtAS -'d —I t. SI* U. U.tt. U. UlU. ...... m
On and on, l etole. expei-tlng .wry |y more'than two feet eight inches "Don't do that," a clever and ob- -progresa may bo all very well," moment to be pounced upon and seix-	high.	servant woman of the old school waa	declared Mr. Thomas Fleming, an ex-
*d ; but no such fate awaited me. If,	Now, though It	has necessarily tnk-	won^ £0 0iiaerfe to a nervous young	tensive miller	and grain merchant
sxz tss “V" zr= — ~ « » ¦• — t sstslss; t
In the middle of my walk my feet be supposed that anything like the ation, noticing the latter press her this country, "but i think the Govern-suddenly went from under me, and I same length of time had really elaps- fQjj Bps into a straight, and nervous ment is doing too muclu lho lab-found myself falling l knew not where ed since our entry. Three seconds . -.ou'll have a regular prof es- or legislation savours too much of In reality it was only a drop of about at the very most would have sufficed;	J , month directlv " cla6** 6ud 1 doubt that lho Arbitr,a*
three feet down a short flight of steps, to cover the whole period.	ti ' IJ n a moutb. dl 80	tion and Conciliation Boards are do-
Such a noise as my fall made, bow- So stealthily, however, had our ap- there is the case in a nutshell.	much good.”
ever, was surely never heard, but etill proach been made, and so carefully Business woman, club woman, profes-	HARD ON THE FARMERS,
no sound came. Then Beckenham had I opened the d<wn that we were *[q^{ womaQ of whatever kind you The labour laws, explained Mr.
him in as few words as possible, and had stumbled. Fhen joot tow ne a nowaday3| m aome 0ne of its many o[ wft to ^ paid by him, restrict has not long since been extinguish-then struggled to my feet again. a board that creaked, and .	. forms and modifications. The women	regarding the employment of cd. A narrow scam of bad coal had
Just as I did ao my eyes detected a	looked up from the work upon wmc	^ take life no very seriously in these	lays, 0,.Ce "Why, it would be just	been previously smouldering, but	the
faint glimmer of light low down on	be was engaged.	times. Their straightened lips are	^ £a|r and equitable to legUiaie	mine was still worked, untill one	day.
tbe floor ahead of us. From its posi-	His pale, thin face did not show the	mereiy representative of the changing	what a -armer	is to receive for hia	the	flames	reached	the	miners	and
tion it evidently emanated from the	slightest sign of	surprise as be aaid,	toeIitai trend of modern femininity,	produce.”	caused	them	to	flee	for	their	lives,
doorway of a room-	in his usual placid tone,—	The Madonna mouth, the mouth giv- ;	^11 shops in Now Zealand must Fortunately no one was hurt, but the
“ Oh. if we only had a match.” I "So vnu have managed to wane en to th(j pictured Madonnas by the cio*e at nix o'clock and at one o'clock colliery became useless to its owners, whispered.	, from your room, gentlemen. ^el « old masters, was the finest, extremest! least one day during the week, who in vain tried to cut off the air
' It's no good wishing." laid Beck- and pray what do you want with form 0( iipa which curved so ' n y contrary to law for a store- supply. Eventually they broke into enham. “What do you adviawf'" : mnf”	sweetly. No modern woman, perhaps, keeper tu sell oven a loaf of bread a neighbouring canal and allowed the
' It's difficult to say.” I answered; For a moment 1 was fto much oomcs ti0 ncar £0 possessing a mouth after the hours of closing.	water to deluge the mine, and thus
“but f should think we'd botter listen	overcome with surprise that my	this kiud ag Maud flallington	««(jUl Government runs nearly all	ended the trouble,
at that door and try to discover if	tongue refused to perform its office,	jj00tll| tbe “Little Mother,” of Sal-	the railways. 1 believe in Govern-	A very curious incident put	out
there ia any one inside. If there is.	Then I said advancing towards mm	nation Army and Volunteer fame. The	meilt ownership of railways, but 1	what was undoubtedly the most	ser-
and he ia alone, we must steal in upon	a « I spoke, closely followed by	the	maternal tenderness, the eternal, nev-	dun«t think the railway should be	ious colliery fire ever known in Bri-
hiin, let him see that we are des per-	Marquis,—	er-ending persistent mother heart of	under the governing power of the day.	tain. In 1872 the Tawd Valley mine,
ate, and willy-nilly, force him to show	“So, Dr. Nikola, we have met at	ajj fcm[nine humanity is expressed in	; q'hey should be controlled by a non-	near Preston, burst into flames, and
us a way out. It's ten chance» to	last 1”	that Madonna mouth. Yet the lovely	political board of three expert com-	thousands of pounds were laid out in
one. if wo go on prowling about here,	“At last. Mr. Hatterad, as	^ ^ |	Lps of the “hittle Mother” are some-	missioners, a3 was formerly done."	trying to get them under, but they
we shall stumble upon tbe whole nest	say,” this singular being replied,	still,	wbat etraightened withal. Determin-	Besides operating the telegraph and	overcame all obstacles and consumed
of them—then we'll be caught like ; without showing a sign of either m-	strength of character, the
rats in a trap. What do you thinkl” tcrest or embarrassment.	All fl£rength and determination which
Miss-gsMSi mmm css
SSHSrSS Bv-~~~ =-ISf=ftSS3 avra
aiBi
* .... .u.	u, right, p,;	2,*S5S' StS:	™"ST	nRST-	in.'fSSnS-'S*.l‘VKÏ-r
amr ......................................................................................."
more than do the mouths of tha average, ordinary, everyday women WÊÊÊÊÊM II , whom one meets from day to day.
The fire of a legal examination Li The mouth of a happy bride or a a hoi one, but an accused person who young mother will Bomet.mes take on
......... or»	f.K.ïîras2m££
with a character the better establish ating happiness will often cause a
woman's mouth to fall into looser,
"“"“S«=
and straighten, and soft fullness and preparation has c	^ , N„rVP
— “ """"	»... îsü, % •"~r^b,.b’
as a wonderfully effective cure for	aQy ^milar remedy. 60c. a box,
all diseases resulting fronn thin blood,	(of |2^> AH dealers, or E&-
weak nerves and a run-down condi- : manti0Ili nates & Co., Toronto tion of the system.	j
There Is character in Dr. Chase's
Nerve Food or it would never be ceüpt Book gives in plain, simple Unknown to-day throughout this conti- guage the cause, symptoms and treat-__ and Kurope as the standard ment for nearly every disease known spring medicine of the world and as to suffering man, and contains over a tonic and restorative of surpassing 8.000 of the most valuable receipts virtue Knowing that every man, and prescriptions ever colLcted. If woman and child needs a restorative you want a single copy or	to
md reoonstructant in the spring to become an ai ent write for lircularg purify and enrich the blood and to and full jcrt^uJara.
$ Cupid’s Bow
J	ia NOT —	—- ^
l Fashionable. \
t

t
SOME CONFLAGRATIONS THAT CAN NEVER BE EXTINGUISHED.
The Man Who Knows.
'
Tbe nuke Oil Wells’ Dhasler-FIre linns* lug In Arliouit 1er Forty Wears—Sever»* tellâerles I» England Are rerp'loall/ Kara I eg.
The recent catastrophe, at Baku, Russia, whereby four of the richest '~21 in the vicinity have been »-t fire and 500 lives lost, will prot> ably have to be classified among those conflagrations that caw never be extinguished.
Baku has been visited by two such disasters since the oil wells were discovered in 1858. On one some children lit bonfires near a spring which promptly became ignited and five men perished in the flames. 1 L® owners were ruined, for they wets unable to put it out, and from that day to this it hag been ablaze. Since then the heat of the earth caused by the fire in question made an adjacent well burst into flame, and after burning for eleven years and consuming 30,000,000 gallons of oil the spring
became dry.
Probably the most destructive fire of this kind ever known has been
Arizona for upwards of Fourteen petroleum
ut
CtiAPTBRR VUIv—Continued.

springs
on
were
occasion
AHEAD 0? THE TIMES.
Hr. Tbouins Fleming my# Wew Zealand
I * Moving To* Fuel.
some
meat's reflection told me that it was to assist in the fulfilment of our share of the bargain. So, taking a life-pound note from the secret p In which I carried my paper money, l tied the airing to it, and it was instantly withdrawn*
A minute could not have elapsed before l was at work upon the staple of mj collar, and in leas than halt hour it was tiled through and the
iron was oft my neck* if 1 tried for a year I could not mako you understand what a reliet it was to me to stand upright. I stretched myself again and again, and then crossed the room on tiptoe in the dark to where the Marquis lay.
" You are free l" he whispered, clutching and shaking my hand. "Oh, thank God l'"
“ Mush I Put down your head and let me get to work upon jour collar before you say anthing more."
As I waa able this time to get at my work standing up, it waa not very long before Beckenham was aa free aa l waa. Ho rose to his feet with a great sigh of relief, and we shook hands warmly in the dark.
" Now," 1 said, leading him toward» the <loor, “ we will make our escape, and 1 pity the man who attempts to

ket

A RADIUS OF TEN MILES.
There are several collieries in England which are perpetually burning, and bid fair to do so for ever. One of these is situated in Warwickshire not far from Birmingham, and has been alight for many years. Fears are entertained lest in the near future the flames should extend along the rich vein of coal which runs towards the great Midland city and cause some of the houses to subside. Measures have been adopted to cope with them, but as yet they have proved unavaii-
rny eyes.
an
mg
•top us.”
viiAPTSH IX.
The old saying " Don't count your chickens before they're hatched," ia as good a warning as auy 1 know. Certainly It proved so in our case. For if we had not been so completely occupied filing through the staples of our collars wo should not havo, omitted to take into consideration the foot that, even when we should have removed the chains that bound ua, we would still be prisoners in the room. I'm very much afraid, however, even had we remembered this point, we should only have considered it of minor importance and one to be easily overcome. As it was, the unwelcome fact remained that the door was locked, and, what was worse, that the lock itself had, for security's sake, been placed on tbe outside, so that there chance of our being able to
telephones, the Government also runs a life
some
MILLIONS OF TONS OF COAL

was no
pick it, even had our accomplishments
lain in that direction.
" Try the window," whispered Beckenham, in answer to tbe heavy sigh which followed my last discovery.
Accordingly we crossed the room, and I put my. hands upon one of the boards and pulled, but I miff'it as well have trier» to tow a troops <p with a piece of cotton for all the # tisfactory result I got; the planks v*ere trebly screwed to tbe window frame,and each in turn defied me. When t was tired Beckenham put his strength to it, but even our united efforts were of no avail, and, panting and exhausted, we were at length obliged to give it up as hopeless.
«' This Is s pretty fix we've got ourselves Into," I said as soon as I had recovered sufficient breath to •peak. " We can't remain here, and yet how on earfh ere we to escape I"
" I can't say, unless we manage to burst that door open end fight our out. I wonder if that could be
V
The room Itself was • long and low one ; its measurements possibly sixty feet by fifteen. The roof—tor there was no ceiling—was of wood, crossed by heavy raflera, and much begrimed with dirt and smoke. The floor waa of some highly polished wood closely resembling oak, and waa completely bare. But the shape and construction of the room itself wore aa nothing compared with the strangeness of its furniture

Lately these spacious
Î
k
Z
we
CHARACTER
A.
way
done."	„
" Virât, let', look at the door."
We crossed the room again, and I examined the door carefully with my fingers. It was not a very strong one ; but I was sufficient of a carpenter to know that it would withstand
•	good deal of pressure before it would
*	“ I'veTa good mind to try It," I said, “but In that case, remember, it will probably mean s hand-to-hand fight on the other side, and, unarmed and weak ss we are, we shall be pretty
sure to get the worst of it."
“Never mind that," my Intrepid companion replied with a confidence in his voice that I was far from feeling. “In for a penny, In for a pound ; even If we’re killed it couldn’t be worse than being buried eiive In here."
"That’s so, and if fighting's (your ides. I’m your man," I answered. ‘ Let first take my bearings, snd then I’ll see what I can do against it. xou get out of the way, but be sure to stand by to rush the passage direct-
^iAgeln ? left tibe door tad wall In order that I might be mure where it lay, and having done so crossed the room. My heart was beating like a Nasmyth hammer, and U waa nearly a minute before I could pull myself together sufficiently for my rush. Than summoning every muscle in my body to my assistance, I dashed acioss end st It with all the strength my trams was capable of. Considering the \ aw of the room, my steering was u<»t
k
IN MEDICINE.
To begin with, round the walls were arranged at regular intervals more than a dozen enormous bottles, each of which contained what looked, to me, only too much like human specimens pickled In some light-colored fluid resembling spirits of wine. Between these gigantic but more than horrible receptacles were numberless smaller ones, bolding other and even more dreadful remains; while on pedestals and stands, bolt upright and reclining, were skeletons of men, monkeys, and quite a hundred sorts of animals. The intervening spaces were filled with skulls, bones, and the apparatus for every kind of murder known to the fertile brain of man. There were European rifles, revolvers, bayonets, and swords; Italian stilettos, Turkish scimitars, Greek knives, Central African spears and poisoned arrows, Zulu knobkerries, Afghan yataghans, Malay k rises, Sumatra blow-pipes, Chinese dirks, New Guinea hcad-catoMng impie-monts, Australian spears and boomerangs, Polynesian stone hatchets, and numerous other weapons the names of which I cannot now remember. Mixed up with them wen Implements for every sort of wizardry known to the superstitious;
>
OF PROVEN HONESTY.
The lofty upright character of Dr. Chase shown in the true worth of his famous home treatments —Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food.
ed
An
¦
appearance was
tion aa van-drivef^^^^^^^^MM for references, he. mentioned one o the dealer's old hand*, who waa called in and questioned a* to the Applicant's honesty. The referee rubbed chin meditatively for a moment,
and said!—	,.	,
Honest? Well, guvnor, hi* honesty's bin proved agin and agin, taitb, lie’s bin tried givin toimes for stealing, and eschaped every toime!
The applicant was not engaged.

É $
his
Dr. Chase * Nerve Foo-i has been en-
me
dued. And yet—is it
“ Smile often and be merry if you would keep your lips youthful curving," said a woman who knew whereof she spoke, a famous beauty and one of the earliest of the beauty-culture sisterhood of modern tines, “but do not grin. Grinning, and too much immoderate laughter, stretch and spoil the mouth. Think of all the pleasant things yon can imagine, but otherwise do not think too much. Brains grow by thinking, but not often beauty, at all events, the beauty of the lips. And love always, childish-
and
Dr. Chase"* last and complete Re-
A COSTLY ERROR.
Young Doctor—Did you
“ SlA Sïtaî-tü"? ibabby old lei-
le have appendicitis.
ever make
nent


r
>


i


###PAGE###8###
I
BOOTS I BOOTS I
Easter
HERE THEY ARE !
HERE THEY ARE !
Is at hand. So is our new stock of
We want the people to know about our Boots. We have lots of them—big and little and fine, all new goods. We will tell about a few of them and invite you to come and see for yourself. ¦> •> ->	-> -> -> >
Men’s
NOT A CAR-LOAD OK THEM, HVT T1IE LARGEST RANGE OK
Choice Handsome Suitings
EVER SEEN IN OUR PROGRESSIVE GO-AHEAD TOWN.
You want a Spring Suit. When buying why not buy the best ?
BOOTS AND SHOES.
coarse
We invite everybody before they buy for Spring to call and see our goods. What make of boots do you like ? We keep Amos Holden’s, James Linton & Co’s, Whitham Shoe Co’s, C. L. McCready’s. You can have your choice at
i

WHEN WK FINISH THEM FOR YOr TRY THEM ON, ANI) IF TO YOUR ENTIRE SATISFACTION, PAY US, IF NOT. KEEP YOUR MONEY.
See the Goods See the Workmanship See the Fit.
The Shawville Boot & Shoe Store.
Solid Granger Pebble #1.50 Coarse Fine Split - - .
Regular Coarse Fine -	1.25
Dongola
We also carry a full line of GRANBY RUBBERS any size you like to ask for.
1.00
A. ROLAND McGUIRE,

a
wvwwv
THE TAILOR-
P. S. Did I forgot Serge* I Well, no. About twenty different kinds in black and blue.
1.26
IH. STEWART
i IPPOSITK PONTIAC HOUSE
SHAWVILLE.
better ....	150
Better Goods at $2, #2.50, 4.00
I»
Ladies’
THE WAR.
WHY BUY a low grade Flour simply because it’s 25 to 50 cents a barrel cheaper than our
A Great range of Shoes from
Dongola Boots ..
better .. better still
I
!
*
.. 75c. to #1.50
A CAMPAIGN IN THE NOKTll.
New York, April 4. —According to the Tribune • Loudon correspondent, the news comes from Brussels that Mr. Kruger thinks that the occupation of Z ut-13# ns be rg will finally break down the Boer defence.
zoutpm.i.irg i. the Bwr. *e.t of gov- which we guarantee will produce 36 to 37 8-lb.
eminent and contsine supplie. of .tore.	.	- .	...	.	, „	-,
and ammunition, and it m understood to pRBS 01 DGRUtlIUl IlRky, Wllltô OTGRu ? If yOU RPG be in imminent danger>s a result of Lord •	n	-	...
Kitchener's northern campa’gn. But USIBg R pOOT DOUr COmpRTG rGSUltS RDQ yOU Will prisoners who have recently arrived at	js • at	•	•
K Pretoria are, however, said to have ex PRJ the QltierenCe IB pFlCO OVOrj tUB6.
• tio8 | pressed opinions that the war will last j 8 02 i for three years longer.
WILL ANY ONE UBr IT.
e #
1.25
# #
44
1.50
“Gold Medal” Brand,
u
2.00
Official Time Table :
Old Ladies’—
Dongola, wide .. " gaiters
AM
1.25
1.25
"S45 Leave
Arrive » 45
Aylmer tBreckeuridge rEardley Parker’s Crossing VMohre Q.uyon Wyman's ?Tank Bristol McKee’s Bhawville Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank VVinton Cou longe •Mellon's Waltham
eou
0.21
6.12
0.06
• •
6.18
8.58
626
66
6.50
6.37
««
8.40
Boys’
6.47
8.22
6.56	•'
66
Usee by local and city Bakers AS
a. 58
7.04
A nice Boot for .. lîegular Coarse Fine ..
A good one ...........
Tans .. ..
Dongola ..
90c
7.ae
CC Special Prices in 5-barrel lots.
# #
7.31
7.45
8.00
7.18
1.10
London, April 4.—A Liverpool mer" ïôô | chant haa promised to pay a reward of X Jj : JI £100 to the oEcer commanding the com-Leave 6.301 P'nJ which shall capture Ge leral De
7.16
ft 03
M
• I
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
M2
1.25
8.30
H
#.47
1.50
8.56 Arrive
•Flag Station. iTank. VFlag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.
e #
urday.	. Moved by coun. James Wifoon, second-
kken h s work.	Logs are iw rushed in for Mr. W. A. led by coun. W. C. McDowell, that John
- -JH
‘iSSSilpSSB*
nreaker, ' sold by auction, so that when ^rried
# e
1.25
P. W. RESSEMAN,
OTTAWA MATINE AÜRÏ
E. IjODGINS & SON.

Fall and winter Time Table
Tailing effect Nov. 2t>, 1900
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa, wo. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa
i 4.00p m 10 25 am
Spring 1901.
Noe. 1 and 2 daily except Sunday
For ticket» and further information apply to Central Chambers, Ottawa.
Japan Takes Steps With View to the question of fast horses comes under I Scale for the levy of road labor for
Wgr	discussion William has to be considered 1901 as follows : to wit., from SI to $50
with a capital C.	ou0 days labor; from #50 t<i #100, 1
m&m ippfs
into an arrangement with Liu Kun Yi, Several of the young men of the neigh- ** ’ ' ; i ^8 nn an< *ur eAC“ and viceroy of Nankin, who is acting on be- borhood who have Bjamt the winter vry H( * 1<mA $ or any part then-half of the other friendly viceroys and months in the woods are hume enjoying ! ’wne*, Jr ° one days governors, regarding the courte they will a well-earned holiday.	| ,M?ved hy c^n- J^n Smiley, second-
service of Japan. "	J	t arnea unanimous
“ Ruesia’s reply concerning Manchuria Mr- Jas- McLean of the Bryson sow- Moved by coun. John Smiley, seconded
;r .......—j «s, —sa.'-1 ijrar •» „G. :
train service will l« a» follow».	hama	correspondent	if the Daily	Mail,	m order t° «nsure for himself a measure	th® lst (i*y f'f **une to the	12th day of
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:-	wiring	Thursday 14	after a conference	°f **re Protect! n- If the citizens were to	^u*y» ant^ that a new form	of road rea A' Ar’riy^^nuîâi&ti 50	with lhe heads of the army and navy, and co-operate with Mr. McLean, a system turn he got up, ordering all Road In
Bran.'-b, Hawkesbury Branch, Valia") field, connect» of the departments of Finance and For- waterworks that would serve the pur , •Pec.t< >rs not to le,urn any w ork u n perform-at Coteau Junction, for Cornwall and point» weet. ejgn Affairs, t) address a second and more P°ae8 ftt least the closely built portion e(1;11 necessary to hire men and teams to »9.C0 a.m , Limited, arrive» Montreal 11 20 a.m.. Derem ntorv remonstrance demanding a the village, could be obtained at com- do any work that is not done. Also that
ess: çssxiziïiîs, jsss %, -p..b7„	*****	«*.	a- —w- ^ «5* ¦»-, «.
points sssk Pullman Parlor Car attached.	strai ce, communicated through the Jap- Mayor Dctoache, who has been on the Municipal	b® punted on the back
tn.CC a.m. Sunday» only-stops at intermediate anese minister at St. Petersburg, amounts sick list, is able to be around again.	0 J road returns. —( arried
1100 * “• PuUmi" I to an ultimatum.	| Mr C. Tu. ua,n takes hi, recent very At ÏuJh M^^T^SaTr
aH.20 P. M„ Limited—Stop» Alexandria and Coteau	—	•*-	—	heavy loss rather philosophically but feels	_
Putimar p„br c.r	BRISTOL	MINES.	much incensed at the wholesale appro-	Killed Children and then Himself
attached. Connecte with train» for Portland and	_ priât ion of his property, as fast AS it was	. .
¦*-’c	JSS2,SSSw*5r*k u "" f «-................ h- «“ V. 2s
' T”“	sLe >—-» »	«-	tSTÆlî ti
Jtai’SssffiLsar1 1	- srptajsssss^
Miss Laura Kilroy is home from school	*	n	***" ft?/1 J***'-	P10
12.15 p« m Limited—From Montreal and points for the Easter holidays.	Gl&roudon CoiiDci'#	other children were killed with a knife*
;	Montreal at #.60 a. m. Has Pullman Mr. W. Sly has returned from the	- Segerlin was sent to the asylum about
*’ r r	lumber camps near Whitney.	*	Town Hall Sh-iwville	10 years ago, but was soon allowed to re-
One of our citizens is repairing his	|8* a m il 1901	îïrn	apparently fully recovered,
i points weet. Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving I bouse in town, which leads me to think i, ,	. • M , n	... '	î®	â hard working man, well thought
«Sk--
Middle and Western Divisions. otter lake & leslie. wk Tifo“«f w'aUtridvr
To and from THE west.	--- I Minutes of last meeting read
Sound and intermediate pointa.	A very popular young couple of this are hereby confirmed, save and only that l^.j, ,0 cure vour couch or cold We
, wtsiaasa»'- Stetit»SttA
m Î.O# P. M. MiW Train f.r Arnnrior, Renfrew, and Miss Jennie Scully, daughter of Mr. stead of Mr. It. Mitchell, appointed at	y Rufwwtn* notrn n.
Eganvlilc, Ma*lawaakaand intermediate atationa. Frank Sculiyof Range A. The knot the last llivvting.- Oairivd.	I	MAWVILL1 UBÜO Ce.
Train» Arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :	I was tied by Rev. Mr. Lu minis at St. Moved by coun John Smiley, secoud- —
11.10 A. M. From Made weak# Pembroke, Egan- James’ Church here.	ed hy coun. W C. McDowell, that Aloi.	ChûôSâ Mû Ô till 01
^uk. Renfrew. Arnprtorand intermatiate points. Mr. Vic. McGuire was with us begin Klliott be paid hi 4 salary for the past j	_ *
PÂ mnn^r.ni	Hing of the week	y oar, and that his services be and is \ public meeting of the patrons and
isxæxsssiiss. Jr	»sx .rz z
Bros, went up on Thursday, and on Sat- day L> Bryson, and one day revising Tenders for drawing milk on the differ 1 urday Mr. Joe Gilpin wont to K&uiba- valuation roll, $.3.00, bo paid —Carried, ent routes will be received, also tenders sua for men for Mesura. G ilm our and Moved by coun. James Wilson, ^ * Secretary. The lowest or any tender
‘ Hugheson.	seconded by coun. F. Thomas, that]not n<scewtifcnl>
I Mr. and Mrs G. K. Murphy went to Patrick Lynn get a rebate of municipal Shawville Thursday, returning Sab-1 taxes, $1.33, for yeai 1901. — Carried.
P. W. RESSEMAN.
Gen'lSup’t
Look at the sunny side of life, ftiend, and the time you waste grumbling, put in attending to the wants of your household. You will wonder how much more can be bought at the end of the year, when purchasing from a reliable source...............
WE SELL "EVERYTHING IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES,.CLOTHING, BOOTS & SHOES, HARDWARE,
CROCKERY, &c., &c.,
At Paralyzing Low Prices for Cash.
from
RAlLffAÏ.
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT Trains daily between
OTTAWA St MONTREAL.
1
I
ARMSTRONG BROS., LADYSMITH.

Highest Prices for Produce


\
»
Arrives Montreal 10.00 Junction for Cornwall,
i p.m. u Kingston
Get Your
•tv
Trains arrive at Ottawa Csuaral Depot :
all.10 P M. Local-from Boston, New York, New Bngland and Montreal at 9.60 a m. Has Pullman Parlor Car attached.
Printing


done at
e9.0$ P. M. Local—From Montreal, and inter mediate points, Cornwall, Kingston. Toronto
The Equity Office.
and
Mo
Cards,
Tickets,
Posters,
O
A Card
Dodgers,
Envelopes,
Programmes,
Bill Heads, Note Heads, Letter Heads.

O
ville,
Central Depot. Rnisell Boose Elect.
Everything in the line of Neat Plain Printing for the Merchant and Tradesman.
Ticlute to eirei*- and all parts of the world by American and Canadien steamship lines, alee Cei
JAS. ARMSTRONG.
President.
a. Traîna ni daily wrapt Sunday
Shawville, March S3,1901

j
!
\

>*

/
\ < -----______

Y



