###PAGE###1###
ERREUR(S) DE NUMEROTATION
ERREUR (S) DE DATE
No. Itl
17 ni Year.
SIIAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., WEDNESDAY, OCT. 18
]HÎI!)
S 1.00 a Year in Advance.
BURGLARS RAIL) THE TOWN,
And Encounter a Surprise Party That was not cn tho Program.
volwr, not low le* I
A i fbhei ) hw I cer tuinly been committed, Ih11 just wlon could not at once
bu determined. Finally / Z it was ascertained that tl.c raid had hoi 11 " " made at Mr. it, F. IfodgiriH* trance t •> which was clfectod I tho tairwny in the liar of the I and forcing nj« a window mmi. thus reached tho upper flat tliu illo had a m i ; ' nu i Wild fore* <1 t he «1 >or lending t-1 f burglars nt an early hour on Sui
The Reliable Bargain Rouse,
llvail Ollive Ollaua Canaria,
Capital (fully paid up) . S'1,500,000.00 Host..................SU7U 000.00
i
OF CANADA.
«

HOBBBKS ABANDON Til LI K Hot
\N I» HI
Id
?
Hoard of Directors :
( 'ii arlhs Maukk, £sg., President (ÎEoiujE 11 ay, esq ,Vice-President
ii	r ,	.1,
AUX. I'll A
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000 RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000
JÏ
\N1> ABE < IIA Ml !
II
i
<1
estore hulo ligation was made it \\ t general ransacking of thi lmd taken
the gang is not dviinitvly known; Imt turned topsy-turvy on the dry
I Money lo„„e,| on approved iecurlty «I !,K'ru aru vmious lumuisast,, tl.v mm.- „f thv building A large reason able rules.	*	oil*. ’ hie story is to tin* cllect t !inf some- coat . were strewn over the f
Karnmi# notes bought and collected.	lime he!ore th * hour above mentioned,	tht.* thieves had	endeavole	l t
Money trunslerreil to all parts of iho world.	Mr. Mm. Tvurifl, who livc< nV a i he ex-	selection to suit	t h*	n	last	s.
SAVINGS PANIC.	j	tremu west end of the village, wa awaken-	had bee
Accounts opened for amounts of one do!-	;	V,1 by Hoiueoiiv rapping at hi (I ior, and	buggy, ami tIn
lain and upwards and Interest allowed.	on going to .he window ' , inv. digale, rubber as lie made good hi-.
10 a.m.tu I r.M. ' s;lw five men and a burse and rig. Asked Main street, lo A M To i v.V " hat they wanted, the men inquired the vd the stolen g
F. A. PARK 15 It, way to Shaw ville, w hereupon Tv.iritl told the store, as also the revolver found, tin lanager. them th y were in Shaw ville. The men latter being taken from the sh
¦----- hung around T urill s fur twenty min- the opposite .side of the .store.
utes or half an hour, when three of them 1 ars in cash that happened to started towards the village, and the others ,,f the tills was taken, and this took the opposite dire ti* u. Tetiritt' told he the only thing that was not recovered them they were going in the wrong direction but they made no reply. W hat happened after this is not known till two of the rubbers were surprised by several young men w ho happened to be up later than usual, and were about to disperse for home when they noticed a white horse and rig, standing cm tie- east side of Mr. .!. II Shaw's store, close to the coal oil house. It was very dark at the At a meeting of the Presbyterian con- time, and liai it not been for the color of gregation of Bristol, held on Thursday the horse it is doubtful if the animal last, Itev. l»r. Marsh was chosen by a would have been noticed. X moment large majority, as the successor of I lev. after the discovery was made two men T. A. Nelson	"	I
w
i«lay Whin inv
judged found that
John Mature, K*q h vm MaiI.ai'.ls, E*q
lltNiil Ollier, • .limitreal.
u In

Essj
Homing Ibout t
can
clock. How many was m
i
IU NNM MVRPIIV. ChQ

OEOFKîE III*HN I M. FI !i
AUK N Lit At. Il A N KI N( i U t> 1N Kh>S lltA.VS.U'TKU.
General Mnnnger, . Manager
simvvn.ia: ici:vxn,
Fully prepared for Fall and Winter trade, with an immense stock of high class goods, bought right and marked
at prices to make business lively...
Nearly every line of goods has advanced in price ; some are still advancing. Early buyers will save money, as later purchases cannot be sold at present prices.
g«H ids' sitli • • of over »r, show i nu o make ;i

i
Drafts i-sih'-l on nil limiting ]
Ion, United Mates «ml ilr.-nt Hi
Notes ami Dills colluded.
Interest allowed on I>j sit n« '*« iut at current
rates.
•Sums of f I and upward* rccivol i i Savings Depart mint. Interest credit* d hall yearly.
OUI o Hours 10 n. m. to 3 p. in. {Saturday 10a.m. to I». in.
:hViite in the D< inin-iltalti.
IV
n appropriated, on* f
uni in th flier discard'd I,y th
e sc. • i »
flic valises which contain* >o<ls, were also taken from
up
office Horns . Saturdays . .
mV ease mi
I’m
loi
be in om seems t<
Have you tried I> iwd'a 41 High L mf ' Flour f
R‘member, the Shiwville e^orea will be closed on Thursday, 10;h—Thnnksgiv
log u,»y.
Missionary sermons were both servie* s in the Met hoc Sunday last. Rev. Mr. .loti» r-f Quyon, spoke in the morning and Rev. Mr. (*’ren fell of Arnprior, in the evening.
LOCAL NEWS.
The next move decided upon was a general resurrecting of the slumbering inhabitants of the town, and several emissaries started out with this fiendish object in view. The unexpected summons brought the Majority of the male popula tion into the street, some in a semi-dazed condition. Rut there were others who slumbered on in blissful ignorance of what was going on, and they were to be pitied, of course
No Paper.
The Equity staff will take t hoir annual holiday next week, and in consequence no paper will he issu'd from this < Hice.
iched at lurch on

This week we ask you to think of
Are you using I> ntd’a Flour ?
William Wilson, of C&wood, was lodged in Bryson j iil on Saturday last, by Constable Win. I» dam, to serve a term of two months in that institution, imposed on him for violating the game laws.
Messrs. Hodgins & Jamieson shipped two car loads of lambs from here on Thursday and one car on Saturday morn ing last. Other shipments will follow towards the end of the month.
We are glad to note th it Mr. W. J. Comba, who went through rather a critical period of illness lately, has recovered sufficetitly to resume business. Ho returned from a visit to Quyon on Monday night.
UNDERWEAR
Down town, where every one headed for, was soon all excitement and bustle. A plan to corral the robbers, or prevent their escape in some way, was talked over, and it was shortly arranged t > d s* patch parties in different directions, to
Men’s, Boys’, Ladies’, Children’s—the largest and finest stock in town.
vaiiiv along from the direction of the
street, and approached the rig. Krnic Mr. S. A. Mock iv. Notary Public, ha** Burroughs, one of the young m* 11 refer-
decided to resume the practice of hi* pro lv(l wjlo was somewhnt closer than
feHAi<»n in I ontiac9 to whicli u«tijnt lie	<hliurs, iu>tict-d tlint t!i«* strangers vut oli any jiroluiMu ax vmuvs of uscupu
will remove to the village of Bryeon. He were carrying Homethiug intends visiting Stiawviile every Tuesday, prompted him to go still close:
did, walking right up to the rig, without Hi* worship the Mayor (who by the way being perceived. Avv nding t » his story, narrowly escaped being the victim in the Burroughs readied the buggy just as one eus.. ) directed arrangements. I he savor the men deposited a white parcel age gleam in his eye and the threatening therein, ami accosting them with Hallo, ! angle at which he carried a Snyder rifle, what does this mean ? " he received a res- tokl that he meant business and was not porise in kind from one of the men, while b* be tr tilt'd with. A number of convey-The apron and neck-tie social held in the other muttered something that whs ancts were quickly pressed into service,
Peerless Hall, Bristol, on the	Uth iust.,	unintelligible to him. Ahm >: inmedia-	and in a short time every concession	and
was an unqualified success in	every ies-	tcly Burroughs sa'. ^ he grasped the parcel,	ide road in the neighborhood was being
pect. Tne lull, which has a good seating	which he saw pm in the rig. and added :	traversed by some one in search of	the
capacity was unvomfortab'y	filed, and	This looks kind of siupiei'iis. A* this	missing and much needed men.
the program was very creditably and ac- the men became alarme l and one of It fell to the lot of the parties win ccptably rendered.	them sprang into the rig while the went to Portage du Fort to get a clue to
other endeavored to back up the horse; the identity o? the robbers. It was as-bur Bur. ough.N i;rab!)'. d th.- latter by the cert dm d they had left there at 11 o'clock md cramped him in towards the the night before, and said they were go-building, at the same tim calling > his ing u* fitter Lake. It was learned that friends h r assistance. This was enough th*
ih, who ! both
I
f the «bout ad that resulted from the searching expeditions sent out. No trace of the robbers could be fourni, was the report of each party as it returned to town mm" in the morningnml others at inter-how ever, was I vais during the day.
some distance behind. The men kept the Krn.ts of citizens continued to discuss re* | side walk on the north side of the reet, | the pros ami cous « l I he situation, when ami as they ran along, the hindmost .rob-	about 10 o clock excitement again rose to
lier divested himself of a heavy overeat,	fever heat, by a rumor to f he effect that
which impeded Ids progress considerably,	! the burglars were seen at the* edge of the
and then heeled it alter hi it" renting budi adjoining the farm where they had Owing to unfavorable weather causing;	TheShawville Marble and Gran
s	compainon-m-ciime. Burroughs by this	vanished from Burroughs during the dark	small gate receipts, it[was moved by dir.	ite Works,	Alex McDonald proprietor
.	time was treading almost in his tracks,	hours of the morning. Scores of men—	McCorriston, seconded by dir. Hudgins,	turns out a	superior class of work in Mon
and when about opposite Dr. Knox *	m bugles, in stages nml on toot were	and resolved, that the Sec.-Treas., pay	uments, Headstones, etc. Prices reason-
house the fugitive stumbled off the dde-	soon hurrying in the direction indicated,	>0 per cent of the prizes (except specials)	%ble
walk, and almost fell, but he managed p,	all eager to have a hand in capturing the	w hich is all the receipts will allow,
recover himself, and continued the race	game. Reaching the bush where the bur-
1 with renewed energy. Arriving at Mr. glars were supposed to be in hiding, the i A. McDonald's house, the young men «le party spread out in a line, and stalked | ci<led to awake him before proceeding, cautiously through to the other side, with the chase, and this little delay gave j inspecting every nook and corner as they
went along. But nary,a burglar was to
It was then learned that the
m i curiosity while others were detailed to perform which lie some scouting service in other quarters.
- MITS, GLOVES AND MOCCASINS -
Despite the weather, there was a large attendance at the Presbyterian social at Mr. James McArthui’a, on Tuesday evening. The usual round of game?, etc., were participated in, while refreshments The brick wo? k of Mr. J. A. Smith’» in abundance weiv served, new building adjoining Mr. R Hobbs’ wh3 completed last week. The hudJings have now a united fioutage, the whole presenting the appearance of a substantial as well as imposing block—one uf the largest in town.
The Newest Goods from the leading Makers.

4

BOOTS & SHOES
H
V

Our regular customers do not need to
be told of the stock we keep in this
line. To others we say : Call and see
what we are doing. We unhesitatingly
say our stock of Footwear is not equalled by any in the county.
Social Nov. 1st.—The Lubes Aid of theShawville Meth. Church will hold
asocial in Edioti a Hall, on Wed.evening. The re-opening of the Biptist Church Nov. 1 't. Tea will be served	from b to S	at Billerica, will be observed on Sunday
o’clock (mènerai admission	10 cents,	next, Ojt. 22. by appr priate servies.
1	During the evening there will	be a Rile of	Rev. Georgu Richards In i f Oitaw», will
|	fancy articles cf different kinds. All we!-	preach at 10 30, a. m., and 7 SO, p. m. ,
I come.	Special collectioiis^or repairing fund will
bi taken up
Il
ill
t,
Kl i Gagnon and Jack It uns, I wvil known, iu(
riiis is
r.ivn wci
f w lu nil We i
i the two mysterious chai made all possible haste to g* ingquietIs ar- und the rear ei .
Bl'SIXKSS CllAXbK :	I wMi to inform store, and then doubling hue
ni y lady friends and patrons that after street heeled it up the liPtc V,v. 1st, I intend removing ray stock of	legs , carry them,
millinery to my residence on Mam Street. •
(next to J. Hmwulve’s blacksmith shop! inmieqtaieiy > »(V up n- vha> where, as usual, I will be found with a I b> i ran.v 2svvGham, v> a-». choitc and complete sto< k of fa!l and \\ in ter millinery, spectfully solicited
hole a very unsavory reputation
A cordial invitation to all
W. Rtlph, and party left on Wednesday morning for their hunting ground4 in Clnpham, to enjoy the fascinating sport of deer hunting for the next ten days. For the same purpose the Ivizu-bazua II. Club, leave for their grounds in Cawood. Both parties have a good time in anticipation.
The fittings in the now roller mill are about completed, and in a few days the large engine that is to drive the machinery, will be ready for trial. Everything about the mill is being adjusted with the most minute exactness so that finally when all is ready for a start, things will be set in motion without a jar.
The Pontiac Railway Company, which is anxious to complete its branch be Iween Aylmer and Hull, now under construction, were looking for twenty five I men last week, in order to prosecute the work with greater despatch. Owing to the scarcity of men this fall, the task is somewhat difficult.
The Thanksgiving services at St. Paul’s church on Wednesday morning last were of an impressive character and a largo congregation was present. The sermon — a very eloquent and powerful me—was preached by the Rev. Mr. Fitzgerald.
I Rev. Ruia! Dean Robinson addressed I the congregation afterwards on the sub I ject of mistions. The sacred edifice was I beautifully decorated for the occasion.
I No Match.—No competitors showed I up at the Society ploughing match adver I tised to take place on the Lawn farm on I Wednesday last. Directois P. McNally,
I J. M. Clarke, and Sec’y E. Graham were I early on hand and staked off the ground,
I in readiness for the contest but no one I came to participate. The day was very I favorable for the match, but it teems I every farmer in the neighborhood was enI gaged at the threshing mills, and could I not attend.
I The social given by the young people | of St. Paul’s church on Wednesday even-glassed off very pleasantly indeed, and I many were there to enjoy it. A short I program, consisting of a few musical I selections by members of the choir, short
¦	addresses by rev. gentlemen present, and I an exhibition on the graphophone, com-| prised the entertainment, cake and tea I being served during intermission. Ven-I Archdeacon Naylor filled the chair in his I usual pleasing and acceptable manner.
¦	Mr. William Findlay informs us that I he believes the shooting of his steer a I couple of weeks ago was the result of I accident rather than intention. When
¦	shot, he says the animal was close to the I wire fence along the railway track, where I there was a heavy growth of weeds which
¦	screened him from the observation of
¦	anyone passing; and besides, the night of .1 the shooting was intensely dark, io that
¦	he does 'not think it possible anyone I ould have done it deliberately. He
¦	thinksthe shot was merely fired for fun and
¦	at random by some body walking on the
¦	railway track.
Mr. R
1
11 tu Main us fast as Burroughs , full .well
i
J. H. SHAW.
P. S.—Ladies’ Fine Kid Gloves.
Your patronage
Mits. James McChedii
“ OLDEN DAYS IN THE DEAR OLD L/\ND.
Dates for Lev. F. A. Allen s “Olden Day in tlie Dear Old Land" with l.TD I Must r< tions :
i
Cou longe Friday, Oct. 2i». Shaw ville- Saturday, Ocf. 21. Bristol Monday, Oct. £>. tjuyon Tuesday, Oct. 21. Eard ley Wed ne* lav, Ojt. 25
Moved by dir. Grant, seconded by dir. McCorriston, and resolved, that John Strutt be appointed to look after the exhibition hall.
Church Services
Angln w Si:kv Shaw ville «.HO.
Si. Paul’s Church, Sunday morning, 10.HO Friday evening 7. HO.
I S
even-
AM arrangements were made to have ln-the ploughing match competed for on the farm of Mr. John Lawn, Litchfield,
(he 11th October, but as no ploughmen showed up it was postponed indefinitely.
Meeting adjourned.
SHOOTING MATCH, Nov. 6th.
On Monday afternoon, Nov. flth, the brethren of I,. O. L. No. 7H0, Yarm, will hold a shooting match for turkeys or prize money, on Cl. con. Clarendon.
lows : Smoothbore, off-hand, 75 yards;
rifle, off-hand, 10U yards ; rifle, any posi-1 u,v *11VUL m«mv u,,k
tion with head to target, 200 or 80Ô yards parsonage grounds, lie observed hm game	.	,
jirovided at rushing past. He followed on and the During the evening several rumor#
The Rev. Mr. men made off the road through an open readied town of the burglars having been
it different pointa along the railway barn and sheds. Burroughs pursuing track, but upon investigation they turned hotly took the opposite side of the build- out tube vacuous yarns.
, ing, and met the two burglars square in |
REPORT Oh SHAW VILLE AC- j the teeth. In rushing past, one j
ADEMY
SIIA W V1L M; M Kl H O DI ST C H r RCH on nig servie*
the robbers a considerable start roughs thought he could head them off by he seen
........ ............t..... taking up Court street, and in this he	whole thing was a farce, the men seen at
the farm	of	Davis	Dagg, 9th was very nearly successful, for just as he	the edge of the wood being none other
The	ranges win bt* us fo!-jjrot within about thirty yard ) of where	than a citizen of the town and his bro-
...'•	'5 ynnls;lt|le street intersects the sideline at the	tliev, who chanced to lie crossing the fields John Yovno,
¦ at the time.	President.
Bin
Morn-
1U.30 ; evening service 7.00.
Ej>worth League Monday, 8.00, p.m. Ladies' Prayer Meeting Tuesday*. 7.110. Regular Prayer Meeting Friday, 7.HU.
E Graham, Sec.-Treas.
Prksbvtbria.v (Masonic Hall, Rev. Mr. Back) Sundav. 10.3U, a.in.
as desired. Supper will he Mr. Dagg's after the match. 1
Warrington will give a lecture same even- ! gateway in towards Mr. John Armstrong's ing in A arm school house. A cordial we I	g
ctme to all
AGENTS ner and Supper lightful cookery. It’s the best advertised, most patronized, least criticised and most eulogized hunters.
BRADLEY-GARRETSON CO., Lt d.,
Brantford.
Our book, “ Breakfast, Dials a revelation in de-
PERSONAL
seen
Miss Francis Brownlee is visiting in 11 On Sunday night the people of Bristol i Ottawa her biothers, and also her cousin, „	___ , one of them, placed a guard on several ot the highways ( Mies Moore.
tS ix r ,£ i	ivsis	- —« .**,
he recovered his equilibrium, the robbers 1 had a brush with a couple of men who 1 relations in Montreal, had vanished in the darkness, and that came along in a buggy; the men did not was the last he saw of them.
A snap for snap
r
J
Best Five Pupils in Each Grade Quebec and Local Exam’s.
Inspector Gdman visited the schools in stop to parley, however, but putting the 1 this neighborhood last week.
1104; Hilliard Wainman, 1013.	In the box of the rig—which is a com-
Grade II, Academy—(20 subjects)—| posite conveyance of the buggy-express Kenneth Naylor, 1308; Arthur Wilson, ! type—was found a little case or chest,
13437; Gordon Hodgins, 1308; Clarence containing ** Indian-Naw-Kaw,* Naw-I
Naylor, 1270; Edna Armstrong, 1200.	Kaw Worm Powders, Tooth Powder and	Minutes of a meeting of dbez+nrs of | tion was unanimously carried
Miss Annie Armstrong received	the	other preparations put up by the Naw-	! the Pontiac Agricultural Society No. 1,	Whereas it has pleased Almighty God,
Commissioners’ special prize for best	per	Kaw Mud. Co., of Ottawa. There were	held at Shaw ville on Saturday, the 14th	in His infinite mercy, to remove from your
centage in examinations for the Model also a couple of express parcels and two 0f October. 1800	family circle, your sister, the I at.- Mrs. J.
department.	|little hand satchel» in the box. In thv ' Proent -ere John Young Pre.idenl;
> Miss Winnie Knox, of Grade I,	Aca	rig was found a couple of sweaters and a	Directors, D iwd, Grant, Mcvornston,	heartfelt sympathy to the sorrowing fain-
demy, received the beautiful medal	pre	white duck horse cover, emblazoned in	Armstrong, Brabazon, Hodgins, Shaw-	||v and relatives
aented by Veu. Archdeacon Naylor for red paint with the legend, “ Use Naw- ville; Hodgins, Thorne; Clarke and Alex- ‘Resolved that a copy of this resolution highest percentage of marks in Academy. Kaw fur the Blood ’ The horse—an old ander.	be sent to the family and a copy he pub
For next year three medals will be giv- jaded animal gave evidence of his at- Minutes of previous meeting read and j ls l'" 111 f lr oia papers, tin in Academy—one in each grade—same quainceahip with a No. 1 raw hide whip, approved.	Signed, Ht	J.V p p t
conditions as usual, best total marks in also among the belongings of the outfit. Protest by Joe. Amm, jrM against Mr». !	Bi i.i.a K. Sti w art. See.
both local and Quebec exam’s. The The research revealed the fact as well, De/ouche’a mare not being a green horse.
Commissioners have voted a substantial that the accredited agents of the “Pro- Protest sustained.
sum for prizes in all the departments.	f essor,” had gone considerably out of Protest by Wm. McCoshcn against i	For sale, a Kami containing 205 acres of
Special to Outside Pupils.—T,	their legitimate line of business. Three	Jos Amm,	jr., for not being owner	of	Mr. J. C Milson, the well-known	paper	jan(j (more or less) situated on the 12th
the pupil from any part of the county	or four packages of underwear and two	his horse.	Proof being presented as	to ;	manufacturer, died at Montreal on	Sun-	range of Clarendon, a:td being Front
(outside of Shawville) who obtains high	valises were lying beside the buggy; one	ownership. Protest was thrown out. j day of paralysis of the heart, aged	fifty-	Halves of Lots No. 7 and 8. The premises
est number of marks in the yearly exam- contained a lady’s sealskin jacket, Protest by E. Brownlee against Thos. ! eight years. He was for several years a	*	J.Jvatv™‘(..J,y 9U:V,
initions, three months’ Academy fees will	and the other, some silks, a roll of cloth,	McDowell’s heifer calf being	over age,	prominent member of the city council and	churches	and	a school ‘ ’	°
be refunded. The same inducement is	and some neckties; the booty also includ-	and Ed. Steele’s for not being	registered,	from 188, to 1891 repmurtiud Argenteuil	ticulars*apply to
offered to non resident pupils in the	ed a couple of umbrellas and an ulster	Protest sustained, unless Mr.	Steele can	| in the House of Commeth in the Conser-
Model department also.	coat, in the pocket of which was anew re-	produce pedigree.
r
j.
4 GENTS Wa.NTED-FOK “THE LIFE 2\ ami Achievements of Admiral Dewey. " the world’» greatest hero. By Murat Halstead, the lifelong friend and admirer of i he nation’s Idol. Biggest and best book; over 500 pages 8x10 inches; nearlv 100 pages halftone illustrations. Only $1.50. Enormous demand. Big nornmissions. Outfit free. Chance of a lifetime. Write quick. The Dominion Company, 3rd Floor Vax ton Bldg., Chicago.
d
naval
ie
rs
t»
c.
r
weeks ago
1.
Resolution of Condolence.
At a regular meeting of El inside Lodge I. O. G. T., No. 150, the following résolu-
**.â
Directors’ Meeting
NO TRESPASSING.
Having purchased Lot No. 8 on tne 13th Range of Clarendon (known as the Logan property) I hereby caution all parties against trespassing thereon, or removing or cutting timber of any kind, as any one found so doing will he dealt with according to law.
Hinton burg, Sept. 30, 1891)

L. K. BEATEN
;

in
FARM FOR SALE.
Jte
Klmside, Oct. 1(1, 1899
re
th-
ru.
fk
«Ml
wo
For fuller par-RICHARD DAGO,
Or ANDREW HAVLIN.
North Clarendon,
vative interest.


###PAGE###2###
A little» care in destroying the weeds while small will save much labor Inter, besides the inevitable shrinkage of the crop among which the weeds have been allowed to grow.
,
thoroughly cooked, with every grain
unbroken
caution Lh to see that there is enough
dee	as^SmfrLlk* I THE DISAPPEARANCE OF THE CARS-
WELL, OF SWANSEA.
BASQUE WITH A HISTORY,
NOTTS AND COMMENTS
vj
The most important pre
*
t Or the Farm.
he Home
The unhappy Armenians who fled to Caucasia from Asiatic Turkey In the years 1893-9t> are scarcely better off now than In those terrible days when their homes were burned by murderous Kurds and they barely escaped with their lives. Russia has ordered them to go back to their ruined fields, hut the Sublime Porte declines to receive them. In 1897 some of the fugitives endeavored to return, but the Government declined to receive them without passports, which the Turkish Consuls, of course under orders, refused to issue. Then the Governor-General of the Caucasus requested M. Nelidoff, Ambassador at Constantinople, to intervene in'behalf of the refugees M. Nelidoff declined to do so on the ground that it would not accord with Russia’s t>olicy concerning the Eastern Christians to encourage or compel the Armenians to turn back to almost certain death. But the remarkable edict issued at St. Petersburg in May, 18U8, showed that this was not the true sentiment of the Russian Government. This edict required all Ottoman subjects of Armenian extraction to leave Caucasia within a year. In that time a considerable number of refugees, including widows and children, were sent over the border forcibly. Turkey protested and even the new Russian Ambassador at Constantinople, M. Zinovieff, objected to this vigorous measure. The only result was that Russian extended the time for the return of the fugitives to the Turkish domain itill the next May. According to present information, Turkey declines to receive the Armenians on any terms, and it remains to be seen w bat
t
Corn bread, or "rye and Indian," *tir-red up after any desired recipe, may be steamed from two to four hours, ac-ox#	to
The person who scrimps wastes as I and baked 80 minutes. Many good
Failure to provide housewives use the steamer in preparing «quash, sweat potatoes and other vegetal.lea, hut its great usefulness I ,,Ue Caswell, of Swansea, which left .a iu reality an extravagance of (or cooking cereal foods seems to be Soutb Wales in February of this year, the most reckless kind, for our bodily understood by few
HARD OR SOFT FOOD
PROFIT IN CATTLE
The Bern* of» Terrible Muility-toft New Nowlh WmIc* bol February, nail Ha* No l Blare Urea II «uni Ilf.
THE EVIL OF SCRIMPING
For persona who raise a number of hens the following few suggestions may not prove untimely:
That the average farmer may make the most out of cattle lie should select one of the leading breeds and keep only the host only keep one breed, says Guy Carker, that the cat tie may have a uniform appearance and he more easily kept pure.
Select the breed that suits your taste and facilities for handling best.
much ns is saved
Experience shows that hard food is good nourishing food, when able to uf better t ha u soft food for poultry, not fvrij that it contains more nutrition, but
With the disappearance of the bar-
il will be wise to
and has not since been heard of, there vanishes the scene of one of the
because hens are tempted to eal more j vigt,|*e and montai power a»s well, is than they should of soft food. It also
quick to feel the lack of proper sus- .	HOW TO PICKLB.	, moat thrilling stories of mutiny with
readily than the bard food and the in- I dnNuT n^ii.i^fobbed 'of a?l attrac- The l)ickle manufacturer lakes the which Englishmen have been associai-ducement to work and scratch, ho es- | tivencss, for people who scrimp seem vegetables, such as onions, cucumbers, | ed says a London letter.
to think they must also limit the gherkins, walnuts, cauliflowers, red Twenty-three years ago, on Janur
e„ed. When giving Wt food, «oo, Ibe I	sin ia'ZTv'îyls. ”nd white cabbage beam,, etc and ary ,st. Caswell sailed from Ante
poultry man, by mixing several kinds,	(jie two evils, extravagance and puts them in casks that contain brmt, fagaata, Chili, with a cargo of nitre,
is liable to give more of one kind than scrimping, tlie last is certainly as de- and the casks are headed up until they Among the hands shipped at the port e	e	,	needed, while with the hard pliable as the first ; with the one a aro required for use. When taken out were a Greek named/ ti g George, two
eat almost everything of which it is	„0i	(0 that of others.	salt, after which they are well, dried	Giuseppe and Gasims Pastures
XN hen calves come teach them to eat composed, all or none, and thereby	- and then scalded in vinegar. Next
and they can be cheaply raised on surfeit themselves. It is proper to	SOME HOUSEHOLD HINTS.	.	in	open	tuba covered
; mmsâ mmm	«
æs-s»» a .bsss=l âS5=ii ter—
mice'	it to flotat an egg
or so, and remove the scum may be u#sed repeatedly if salt be add-Soak and knead the | ed to maintain the original strength.
About one-third the originial aiuouut will effect this.
supplies the wants of the fowl more
If you are so situated that you can have a few private customers to consume your surplus dairy products, select the dual-purpose cows (or such a cow undoubtedly exists to-day.
Then with fiue, large, well-shaped
sen lia I to its health and thrift, is less
reproduction of those qualities
The
Britishers numbered nine.
Three days out from port Captain
^ggggg|gBjttni p i n g plunged a knife into the captain s body.
The mutineers were# the five foreigners, and all were
corn and nip grass or bay in small quantities at first bran and coll ou seed meal and increase as the
Boil this an hour
The br ne I now at hand armed with knives and
JAPANESE MEDICAL JOURNALS
To clean sponges thoroughly dis solve a handful of coarse salti in
revolvers
a
William Wilson, the mate, in aft, but as he was passing the g i ley he was seized by Christos tit in bus and Nicolas.
calf matures.
At the end of three or four months the milk, rations may be dropped.
Calves raised iu this way can be kept
growing steadily from birth and need not sutler from the loss of the mother.
Some good cattle raisers claim mat calves thus raised make the hardiest cattle in-after years.
i he choicest heifer calves should be	.
specially cared for to take the place least as many fore-gn medical journals.
further steps Russia will take to rid	ui 0ld and culled oui cows. 1 hey	The	society	also	publishes	a	medical
her terri to y of her unwelcome guests,	should nut be kept loo fat. 1 he best
male* may be disposed of for breeders and those not sold for that pur-Russia's policy seems to be dictated i>oso converted into alvei s and
f, her growing dislike of all Armen-	d,e“ld tor“U?.
Ians. Her subjects of that race in	' lf kt.p( Readily growing they should	Ja],aIle	.	.
Caucasia are having a hard time. It	top the market at that age as a baby	A	ievent	issue	of	the	Sei-l-Kwai
1 ho demands of the market to- Medical Journal, No. t>, of volume
Their trope Mini Number The English Hull Our Flntl* In Tlinii.
who was forward
pint of water
sponges in this mixture for some lii-Tlie Sei-I-Kwai Medical Society of ! l£e time; then rinse under u water
Japan, which means The Society for j faucet, and they will bo as good as
new.
The mate cried for mercy, but they said "No ; no mercy
A housekeeper advises <uiimg up j plunged a long galley knife into the
paring it
SUGGESTIONS TO HOUSEKEEPERS
the Advancement of Medical Science,, keeps on file in its library between thirty and thirty-five native pubüca-I ions devoted to medicine besides at
and Nicolas
Knitting wool can be made a last
—SSSzIct,:
hanging to dry in the open air.	der, then put through a colander. I his
Thin and valuable glass can be hard- «'ill remove the ouler rind and it has
emul after thus fashion, lie it around | welj km>wn thP best part of the pump-witb hay, place over a fire in cold | kjn lies close to the skin.
A correspondent tells how to make
apple cider vinegar quickly. He says: stabbed in the back. Big George call-Grind or bent your apples as usual, i^c steward, Edward Griffiths, up
Inst mad place ih« m from bolow, and when- he appeared at at the top and ; the companion hatch caught him by
side of tb* hair of the head, and almost cut h m in two.
poor fellow, stabbing him to death. The Maltese brothers now came on the
scene with revolvers, and as they passed the captain lying on the deck, almost disembowelled, they shot him in the head. The second mate, Allan Mo-Lean, was shot in the arm and then
journal of its own, and pan of the articles are in English, to meet the
w ub demands, it is explained, of the many
water and allow the water to come, to a boil
main in the water until it becomes cold again.
A headache will almost invariably j hut do not press yield to the simultaneous application in a hogshead open of hot water to the back of the neck a small hufle near bottom on
A large glass of hot | hogshead, so you can draw off ju ce
when time cernes
Then let the glassware re
beef
day is lor large, well-loi in>ud cattle XVIII., seems to prove that the doctors either as milk or beef stock and the
between choice ami vom-
is well known that the Armenians, like the Jews thrive in trade, and
of Japan are interested in much the
their prosperity under favorable eir-1 difference
oumstances had made them generally mon stock is greater than loi years, same subjects that engage the attvn-
This alone argues iu favor of better tion of their brethren in America and
,	...	. .	,	,	breeding and feeding and i he young	vu..ol)#,
acteristic and the	tendency	of success-	UIlimal make8 greater gains for food	^	.
ful Armenians to seek predominance consumed than the older and heavier eases and remedies, reports of inter
The tup place once held by the eating cases, and an article in Japan
MURDERED TIIE CHEW
and the feet water taken before retiring is much better than cathartics in cases of obstinate constipation, and taken night and morning is excellent in ordinary cases of dyspepsia.
A good bacon pickle is made as fol-
Let pu mace re
Peter McGregor, the carpenter, fas-main in hogshead ten days, then draw ' tened himself in his room. They call-off jure through this hole near hot-| ed “Carpenter, carpenter!'' but Mo-
mmm
of his room, they made him kneel down in the b o.fd of the captain and swear to his God that he would help them to the bust of his ability.
The bodies of the four men were laying on the deck, though the second officer did not appear to be dead. A
I will kvep their shape. Those put up tope was tied by Big Gem ge round a.1
the victims, and the bodies, with a kedge ancho-r attached to them, were thrown overboard. The kedge anchor, however, became detached, and i he There are no less than thirty ways bixiies were see to float past the stern
disliked by lheir neighbors. This char
There are papers upon dis-
in both public and private spheres may ones
"mum mmmwmm..........................................................
vvilh 1 Stri.r iriuirautee ihn it «ill ln* u> nutt‘ lhal lt“‘ mosl *roubleSome with whtvit fh.ur und put in a dry chouse those that will cook tender and
*	ThA h„t,-p ®nai*es for those that write in English
for the Sei-I-Kwni Medical Journal, seem to lie in the particles of the language, though there is an occasional coupling of a singular noun with crust—a crust as you would prepare it ward spring
a plural verb, and vice versa. The use of words is usually precise, and the sentences for the most purl are well formed.
In an English article on a case of Thomsen s disease, this piece ot in-l|e loimutKhü is vouchsafed touching the
To each peck of salt add, two
lows
ounces of refined saltpeter, and ont
mains
time have a barrel si mi la 1 fashioned kraut barrels; open at top; pu’ your cider or apple juice in ibis barrel, throw cloth over top, and in two or three weeks you have vinegar.
i
rest of the population should be shielded from “ the exploiting tendencies and political aspirations of the Armenians.’' Many of the Russian Armenian newspapers and other publications have
Cl
place
always be found the best
class ot town people are glad iu pay been suppressed and the remainder the highest price for butter that can
are now subjected to the strictest ecu- be always depended upon as the very
best rather than uae the cheap and inferior articles on the market.
The farmer should try to produce by funds contributed fur the purpose I pasture for stock as many months in
of having the Armenian children » u
Few cook> know the secret of "the
early have a finer flavor than those -Make a biscuit !<»fi to get insipid and tasteless to- |
boss chicken pie
sors hip. All the. Armenian school property, chiefly acquired and supported
for baking powder or short biscuit Roll it half an inch thick, line a basin of preparing potatoes for the tab e. of the vessel.
Hunt ui> and try some of them, and ; The mutineers, except Christos Bundo..! always serve your family with,**». »»'* occupied the officers quar-plain boiled potatoes, mnshied pula-, tors, and pu- on some of the clothes
toes or tried potatoes.	«h,cl‘ ‘hey found m the rooms. Bun-
bos stayed in the forecastle, so ibi.t
the B.i tinkers could not confer toge i her respecting their terrib.e situation. The name Caswell was painted over, and everyth ug on board with (be Germany, but more particularly in name Caswell on it was thrown into
Prussia, to collect as many of the fam- the sea.
or pan with it, put in the chic kt 2, J hat has already been cooked tender and seasoned, fill the dish half full of t lie gravy, add a generous lump of butter, pu* oui the top crust, cutting a slit for the steam to escape, and bake. Serve the remainder of the gravy with it. The gravy that i# put in with tlie chickeu sh uld be slightly thickened.
It can be leng-
th*' year as possible
thened by having an early patch of quick growing grass and reserving some until late fall.
confiscated by an edict giving the pro- should always provide some soiling P»lient	.
—» - - --- — «g	%
fall. A patch of sugar corn is excel- Lm* he began toi try that art ho suf-severities have been directed against p,nt for this purpose.	Never try to Ivied from the cramps in the trunks
the Armenians and they are very mis- handle more cattle than you can feed a,l<l lower exlrem.ties, which, how-
und shelter well.	ever, often two or three sets of the
practice were ofrer become gradu - ly yielded to and the movements ot the body became easy and free."
In the next paragraph occurs the
cated under the direction of the Ar
sum
meniau clergy, has been practically
IRON WEDDNKi RINGS
Efforts are being made throughout
ment of Education. Political and other
Un Febiuary 19th thu two Maltese
The night before
our iron wedding rings and other
erable. Meanwhile there is grave reason to doubt that the Armenian Revolutionary Federation is helping the cause of its afflicted i>eople by such manifestos as it addressed to 1 be Pow-
SEW1NG RAGS
adornment, us may still bo in exist- leaving “they ^old two of tbe men. ence, with a view to preserving them Dunne and Garrick, not to go to sleep, jin the museums as lasting memorials as the Greeks intended to murder of the sacrifices which Teuton women them.
Cut your rags as they accumulate, and when you have enough colors take your sewing machine, wiih your rags at your right hand and a small box or basket uui a chair to catch the rags fs
LOSSES FROM WEEDS
difficult for most
It would be. farmers to calculate bow great is the following
"Recently he became to feel a sense of the stiffness in the cheeks, trunk, &c., after he performed a ciimparaiive-prevails these losses are comparative- |y m id muscular effort, or when he
ly small, though even then the weeds had a long conversation, or when he
take water from the soil, which is not	been sitting tor. a 1< ng time.
The Japanese doctor s English seem
occasionally to have run away with The weed that is h in when he attempted a long sen-
air spaces tence, than:
RECAPTURED THE SHIP
loss from the prevalence of weeds in In a season when dry weather
have been ready to make in the past for the Fatherland, in 1813 an appeal was made by the ladies of the
ers iu March last appealing to them to aid the Armenians to overthrow the rule of the Sultan and achieve Armenian independence state controlled by Armenians in Asiatic Turkey seems to be the burden of the Federation’s proclamations, in spite of the well-established fact that its compatriots do not number 0110-sixth of the population of Xurkish-?rmenia.
On March 2nd the Englishmen aimed themselves with hammers carpenter took a hatchet, and Garrick Prussian Royal Family to their own an a(jze, and they rushed forward, fig
every woman to follow Ueoige met them half-way with a
knife in his hand, and it was then a case of life or death for all
crops
Lap the ends of the rags
The
they fall
and fold together. Lengthen the stitc h and sew the folded ragd about an inch, Pull the threads as if you were going u> cut them off, and sew the rags as before
ball take the last rag sewed and begin to wind, breaking the thread* as
By this method three times
be sewed in a
An independent
sex, urging their example, and give up their jewellery, to be melted down in order to
all returned when they are uprooted and buried in it buried is surrounded by keeping the soil more porous than it otherwise would be, and therefore dry-
i he case is still
McGregor struck Hg George on the head provide funds for patriotic purposes. wjtk *hc axe, felling him to the deck,
Those who had nothing else, were ask- and the others struck h>in with rivet-e<l it they would uot part with'what *n« hammers, and left him for dead
Iha.y must surely hold most precious j	^gbahmen then went to the
of nil, their wedding rings, for thei atme-room for JNico^us and Christos, sake of their country, and as a re- Nicolas fired three shots, which lodged There is a great need of an orderly I gpong plaLn golden hoops showered in in the cabin side. The adze and hatch-
I zrt	iiH-EBHZE
peüdi.uies, for insi.inct, to lompute fourteen reaching Berlin within the Christos Bimbos recovered, and he was the real cost of the home cooked din- murso o£ a few dayti> from the town kept bound and manacled on deck.
ner or home washed linen that we may | of Swinemunde alone. As compensa- Christos afterwaids confessed that the fairly compare our price with that of 1 tion, iron rings, manufactured from Gieeks intended to take the vessel 10 outside agency. Few housekeep- ibe captured guns of the enemy, were Samoa and try and sell her qu ei ly, ers are able to assign to each, loaf of sent to owners, inscribed with the now with her cargo of mire, to a Greek bread, for exampîe, its share of the historic words, "1 give gold for iron," merchant, bui if they failed they inaggregate running expenses, fuel, ser- and these were proudly worn by the tended to kill the Englishmen and sink va ms, wage and board, wear and wives of the men who were fighting the vessel.
tear of plant and possible waste of fvr their country’s freedom. There On May 13th the Caswell was brought materials.	| must be quantities of tnese interest- safely to Qu^ejistown by the three
ing rings scattered about, hardly val- B itish be roes, assisted by two ap-ued as they deserve perhaps by some prentices, M Donald and lerguson. \ of their present owners, and therefore it is as well they should find an hou-washed daily, otherwise they harbor orahle resting place in some public
and odors and become un- | building where they will teach a lesson in patriotism to the rising generation.
Dating from the same period, and more touching than any of these, are
the watch-chains, bracelets, and neck- of the present generation
laces made of silky golden hair, which children of a large number of paro are far rarer and very difficult to ob h
afloat, and every woman and girl was cheerfully offering up her little store of treasures, FerdLnaude, “Naniii, ' and I von tic hmettau, fourth child of a retired Prussian officer of limited means, and one of a family of eleven, found she had nothing to give. At first her grief was excessive, but suddenly it 00 Oat flakes or oat meal curred to her that her beautiful gulden
hair had its value, and without 0 moment’s hesitation she sold it for two thalers, on condition that it should be woven into various objects, and the proceeds handed over to the Government. Nearly two hundred thalers was realized in this manner, and it is gratifying to know that this greatest sacrifice of all was justly appreciated.
Fraulein von Schanettau was regarded as quite a herione, and received Louis Order from the King, besides other substantial favorr
When you have enough lor a
j “When the handle of percussion hammer was drawn lightly, across the skin, as over the chest, back, lower extremities and other parts, there ap-
you go the amount can day.
ing it out faster
worse as regards the fertility that the pea red. after a lapse of a few seconds,
a red line in the part Irritated and it slowly converted into a distinct awe -ling which disappeared after b ing persisted fur from fifty minutes to an
hour»*
Another Icvng sentence ends when his attempt was passively assisted by, all the fingers were so rigid that it seemed he would not have consented intentionally, to have them extended/'
itemizing HOUSEHOLD EXPENSES
It was originally en
weed has taken tirely soluble, but the weed has to ferment and be resolved into vegetable
COST OF LIVING.
mold before it can be put in the same soluble condition
can Cultivator, we have known farm
Vienna Is llie 4'licM|»t>»f Capllal In F.uropr
In Wlilcli i« Uvr.
And
Yet, says Ameri-
An investigation into the comparative cost of living at the various European capitals resulted in the following facts:	At Vienna the prices of
most articles of food are lowest ; at Madrid they are dearer than in any other capital, and such things as
ers to delay cultivation of hoeil crops so as to have more grass and weeds to be plowed uuder.
«urne
It is often said that weeds are a preventive of guo i farming ; that there would be much less cultivation of hoed crops if it were not that the growth
made it necessary At tit. Petersburg where the cultivator is kept going all
through the season, so often is to prevent any weed from reaching the surface, the weed killed as quickly ns it sprouted has done the soil more goo 1 and less harm than, it could do at any subsequent stage of its growth. At this early period about all the plant substance his been directly furnished from the swelling and decomposition
It this
Of time t he carbonic acid gas which the
gives off when it germinates the makes its plant fool more soluble than it ever can be after the plant puts forth roots and begins to draw from the soil
been used as a f ilizer has been applied in contact with seed grain of any kind, it has produced remarkable results, though it is too expensive a fertilizer to be used on a
But i he ordinary
weed seed is much smaller and has far less fertilizing material in it than has a grain of barley.
It: is the that most
rectly from the soil, and that both it and the moisture to make the plant food soluble are needed by growing Each day's growth of a weed
DOG COLLECTED FOR CHARITY.
Leo, a famous dog, belonging to the Women's and Children's Hospital of Cork, Ireland, has just died in that city. Leo was well known in Ireland
and iu many parus of England, for .he was a solicitor of contributions for i he institution with which he was connected, and had collected over £1,(J0J for charity. He roamed about the streets of various cities with an Alpine barrel slung around his neck, and in this receptacle benevolent persons placed donations. On one occasion the Prince of Wales offered a cup for the dog which should collect the largest amount for the hospital, and Leo won the prize.
bread, meat, sugar and coal are very of weeds expensive indeed
Ye t
also the price of bread is still consid
WASHING DISH CLOTHS
©red a luxury above the means of the
Next to Vienna,
Kitchen cloths, must, of course, be
working classes
Brussels is an expensive city; Paris is still a little higher in the scale, while London is still more expensive.
An American spends uii an average $5) a year for food, a Frenchman $18, a German 315, a Spaniard g33, an of the seed in germination Italian $24 and a Russian $10 meat the American eats 109 pounds a seed year, the Frenchman 87 pounds German 04 pounds, the Italian 28 pi antis and the Russian 51 pounds. Of bread the American consumes 38) pounds, the Frenchman 544) pounds, the German 500 pounds, the Spaniard 180 pounds, the Italian 10U pounds and the Russian 055 pounds. Outside of Europe, in times of peace, Manila is cheaper to live in than any other city in very large scale the world
DECAY OF TEETH
grease
hea (hy. They should be made of knitted Uochet-cotton, in a square or suitable size. When you wash them, if you will add a tablespoonful of Gold Dust Washing Powder to the hot water, it will cut the grease and clean them in half the time, dry them out in the sunshine and air.
A rapid tendency to decay, hitherto unknown in extent, is taking pla%3^p the teeth of the children and youth
Of the

chial, industrial and other schools in
When first the scheme was set
England over 10,000 mouths were examined and the condition of each tooth was marked upon a chart. Less than 15 per cent of such boys and girls o$ average age of 12 years did not require some treatment for decayed teeth.
Finely jiowdered malt has
When it
STEAMER VS DOUBLE BOILER For cooking oat flakes, rice many other forms of cereal food, the steamer, fitted over a kettle of boiling water, is by far the most convenient appliance
may be stirred into a basin of properly salted boiling water, set into the steamer, and in less time than it can oook in a double boiler it will be nicely cooked, with no danger of scorching or Other trouble
cereals may be cooked in the same way. Rice is washed, put into the steamer in a suitable dish, with plenty of hot water, suitably salted, and steamed two hours. It comes out
SLEEPS STANDING.
In one of the big circuses there is a big elephant that has not lain down for twenty years. All the other elephants lie down to sleep, but this one
sleeps standing up, the most he has ever been known to do being to lean against a post to sleep. When he is awake he stands gently swaying to and fro, never resting till he closes his eyes.
an
EMPEROR SELDOM SEEN.
The Emperor of Austria is the only member of-4he Austrian imperial family who is never seen walking in the streets of the cities anil large towns. When he was a young man, ami ;biit few people knew the features of tie monarch, he thought it a treat to elbow his way through crowds, but in w he always avoids even the smallest assembly of persons.
EXPLOSIVE FORCE OF LIQUID AIR.
It is asserted that liquid air has 20
times the explosive force of dynamite.
During expriment* at Vienna, in the
firing of cannon, the liquid air was exploded by an electric spark, and the results were extremely satisfactory. No heat was developed in the guns, and the range of the projectiles was much increased.
! peculiarity of most weeds of their growth is taken di-
Othen breakfast
FORGOT HIMSELF
crops
among hoed crops lessens the yield If the weed Lf left until late, its roots will be so intermingled with those of valuable crops that one cannot be destroyed without uprooting the other.
Ah, woe is me! exclaimed the jeoted suitor ; no one to love me I Sir 1 You forget yourself, aùe said, with deep meaning.
re
the







###PAGE###3###

1
«
4
4
f
the large beef maker. The good
milker, if her digestion is good, orb change more of her food into milk than another animal van convert into beef or fat. A good deal of this food that Is given to the milker is converted directly into unlk and is thus more profitable than when fed to the beet cattle.
The nervous animal's mechanism is more easily deranged than that of the heavy, beef making animal.
A plow horse can stand more abuse than the high strung race horse.
Many dalfyjnen do not appreciate this thoroughly either in feeding or oaring for good cows
aini/meil'a products depends very They Were Mol Ko*#, lint Merely Absorbed closely upon the condiiotn of her	by Other >*tl<m».
digestion a study should 'be made After the death of Solomon tbe Jew-	.	¦
a,nnorm,!f cMddfon'dm oan uke à Kingdom was split Into two, that	UXlftW I ",‘U0,XS FUNK«Ah GUSTOM.
great amount of food and convert of Israel consisting of 10 tribes, and 11111 lu 11 I ft [ill W	In 8witzej'an<* a <ieath is attendit directly into milk. This food that of Judah consisting of two tribes. mJIU il U 1	1111 viw cd by a custom which calls upon all
should be given with the best pus- ^ 7ÎJ II. C. the 10 tribes were attack-	—	I charitable and Christian people to show
jure" the “hèsh'li *of t lie anhLal"° Ui've ed by Shalmaneser and earned away Plight of a London, Ont,	HARRIS
a 1 to the cow that she will eat up : captive to Assyria, their places being	- papers Helling forth I he .lay and hour j WMe-l.onl, Loo, Di.t.„c.T,ie,ho,.,1730.
c hvm is a good rule to go by, vul if occupied by Assyrian colonists. The Mud Bright'* IM*eu»e end Dldii'i know when sympat hiaers must assemble be-| — WILLIAM ST., TORONTO, her appetite declines there is	Kingdom of Judah continued till 688 ll-Hed K*l»IH ter Three Tear, Be- fore the house of the deceased. At WANTED IN EVERY VILLAGE,	-.2=5=2Sr EaETs-rSa« =»£S£SS
‘ that one overlooks it. na ner- away captive to Babylon. In 538 B C.	rill,.	Und jar all being of a somber, ebony ft Yo.,. 8ir~t. Toronto.
excite ment or running in a field or	C,rua con,'uered Babylon and restored	London. Oct. 9.-Mr. G. E. Bqidy,	hue-and into the latter, small mourn-	n	_¦	,	,
During the next lew weeks there is	anything that will upset the nerves	liberty to the Jews, ot whom, a large	229 Talbot St., this city, feels that he	cards	V'aring the	name	and ad-	UyGIRg 1 LlGRRIHg 1
—....................Wismcm EilBBg 1=	-iPESB-
originated the homely saying that "a	is to guard against such slight ac-	and that the 10 tribes who were taken	», ^ïrûf.BVv y hl< Brights Disease. I
¦titch in time saves nine,M and this of	cidents that the dairyman must	earlier never returned. These m	llnghtH Disease is generally consnler-
«=EBEE5ES
farmer. It is stated by good author- out under abuse or misuse.	ican Indians, Gypsies, etc. Some even P*gl«?ung to filler the blood Well.
SKSsnafse Wlnl$ hmhImHSs
ESlSIsl*
Solomon Meld rum, Es;p, of l pper j ^heir religion and became merged with Branch, Lunenburg Co., N.S., is a genspring and store them away under I lieiuun of Scotch descent, and well
A ÎIÏTBTLERe
THE SUPERIOR QUALITY OF
X395 te us. with usais el
VV yeur eweet »>!»*«	Now, then, ray friend, mid the Irasi-
t Awe fore jwuV tJmUM.1't ? sn fiese-like ymtQg preaober. pocket i»g
tnrt ' wedding fee and turning again to with Americaumodeltjs'weiied the bridegroom, let me atsk if you are
carrying any life insurance f No air, replied the newly-made benedict. Not yet.
Well, the most sacred duty resting UIkjiii you now us to take out a liberal policy for the benefit of this young woman who ia to be dependent upon you hereafter. 1 represent one of the strongest and best companies in this country. Here are the figure** show-
And he got the
There
I bihing a job thoroughly while you are about it.
Cut thle eut and rature
m
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
LUDELLA Ceylon Tea


Vf
i
i,
•e,
P o
lady • or g#ate It a a Hood time pier#. equal In BB paanuic# U. a •» 00 watch, Juet the thing for trading purpose# IT. an careful «lamination you are
w
CULTIVATE THE SOIL.
speaks for itself. A trial is the most convincing argument in its favor
• • .25, 3°* 4°» 5° & 60c.

'Fore the soil begins to bake. Cultivate 1
Stir it up for culture's sake, Cultivate I
Tillage hinders 'vaporation, Tillage works weed 'radication. Tillage helps food Majoration, Cultivate I
Lead Packages. . . .
eenvlncad this watch I#
rP*T the esprees agent f3 M W end esnreee charges and It Is
K-youre. terry Watch Boa 1, To row to. «an.
1
l

Bfab^MPrtH <-L»r|ss This Is a finely flolst.ed.
•ar WOO Stradivarius model vlulla 7 wlored. highly polished, powerful _	“d sweet Us tone. Complete with flua
bargain at the price. Buy dlrecT flrôïue*!? ,#av'etZ*dller7prüüL*""^
Johnston « H t Far tant. Bom ‘ Z,' Tarant». Ont
I .4
4

h#
*
% '
# I
4
I
their milk
As the whole value of the
F - A
THE TEN TRIBES.

H
%9


young huMband’a apis* nothing like fin-
If it rains and lays the dust, Cultivate I
If it pen re and forms a crust, Cultivate I
Saves the moisture hygrosseopU
Helps the microbes microscopic,
Talk to neighbors on this topic. Cultivate !
If your head begins to swell, Cultivate !
Harrow, crush it, pound it welL Cultivate I
Cultivate a humble heart,
Give "Big i" a meaner part,
Let the germ of culture start Cultivate !
I

! < '
**
i
III

I
IWTI

l
SEASONABLE SUGGESTIONS
eous character to be done on the farm. They were wise, our forefathers, who
Wanted--^
MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTORY
Am Plan.
|1 50 A up.
Europe un Plan. Rowmi
<>P». rop i.
liege Avenue, otel rat* $1 50
In every riling* to procure lists of names, and wurk I# •T ire time. Remuneration, $2 for every 12 uiidm
Apply,
Hotel Carslake
9 from #i » Uu G.T.R. htatiou, Mon real, (ieo Carslake à i/o., P
MoiOll
Family per day
THE ENTERPRISE CO.,
67 YONGR ST.. TORONTO.
AVENUE HOUSE
A:
wagons, sleds, mowing machines, ploughs, etc.—are destroyed by exposure to the elements—that the farmers lose millions of dollars annually by their neglect to house those implements when not in use. A little thought fulness, a tew hours' work now and then, and especially in the fall, would reduce this toss oy at least ninety per cent together all the tools for which he will have no.further use until next
ROKCO
ST. JAMES’ H0TEl.-M,f^*„M
Railway. Piratole** Commercial tiuuee l»roveineols— Rates moderate
Modern im
A NOVA SCOTIAN FARMER TELLS HOW HE REGAINED HEALTH.
Oreal Coffee Health Drink Pure, Wholesome, N
rr
risk-
15c lb.,or2lb* for 25c lio*< o is njual t<> iteotiffeÂ or Sale by all Grocers, or send 10c for | lb package he ROK O MFG. CO , 154 Uuceu E , Toronto Agents wanted in every locality._____________
HIS PREFERENCE
Hr
HnlTrred for leur* From kidney Trouble, Hick lleadnelie and Itliruma-lltni —Although Advanced lu Life He Ha* Found a Turc.
Great Employer—! always employ mi fried men it* possible.
H s Friend—Good idea
that «acred institution
Dominion Line
ROYAL MAH STEAMSHIP#
Montreal and Quebec to Liverpool. Large and fast Steamers Vancouver, Dominion, Scotsman, Cambronun
Helps con
t be
i 1 hadn't given that a thought, but Says Mr. Brady himself:—"I have I guess it is so. I employ married men ; been troubled for three years with because they are more tractable. Bright’s Diseuse and 1 did not know it until I read the symptoms in one of your papers. I tried several remedies, but none, could touch the spot. I purchased three boxes of your Dodd’s Kidney Pills and after 1 had used one box i I felt the disease leaving me. 1 am
the Assyrians, or remained in scatter..	,, ed communities, the descendants of
cover, just wnere he can place his hand : known throughout the county, lie is which still exist in many parts of
an agriculturist of repute and is prom- 1 ineutin the local affairs oi the Baptist is a leak in the roof of the barn, a j denoin.nation. Referring to Dr. XVil-
board in the covering hanging by hams’ Pink Pills, he says:—"! consider
a nail, a window broken, a door or | theona most wonderful and belief emt " Thirty or thirty-five," says a wo-
stable, any uncertainty about the j lrom kdney trouble and rheumatism, think, the age when a man is at his Mill vouch foi what I say water supply, see that the needed Mxmy u Uina had 1 been so bad f hat 1 most attractive stage. His manners Kuiney Pills saved my life.”
could do nothing but endure the pam are then modeled and his character .	. .	, ,	...	and pray for physical deliverance, formed; be has had some experience
oau he gamed by delay, and it may JXly advanced age, be ng ueai ly 7o y. ars with the world and human nature, and be the occasion of much loss. The old, made a cure loos; almost impos- consequently knows how to act and
sible, humanly considered, in a ca&s of make allowances. He realizes, too, how such long stand ng. Bui thanks to utterly impossible it is to live on ro-tiie Lord and Dr. VV illiums' link rills, ma nee and flattery, which -younger fel-1 am here to-day in excellent health lows fondly imagine possible ; is more ud for them In the basement» of the with scarcely an ill feeling to remind level-headed, practical, sensible, sin-barn, if the barn has a basement ; if me oi past sufferings. Something over cere, and just in his attachments. Not not, a warm shed should be provided, two years ago 1 read of the wonderful so liable to be led away witk every not an open shed, but one with a .win- cures attending the use of Dr. XVil- pretty face, and, mixing with the dovv and a door that can be closed Bams" Pink Pills, f thought if these world, has found out perhaps that 'all every night. All kinds of rubbish testimonials aie true it is possible the | i8 not gold that glitters, should be gathered up, not only about pills may benefit even me. 1 bougut the house and barns, hut in the fence six boxes first, used them strictly as corners and open fields, and burned, directed, and with the Lords blessing and an estimate of the number of
Rut* of pM#mg*	Firit Cabin. $50 upwards . Soeoed
Ohio, $35 ; Hteerage, 922 N and #23 50 For further in for mat ion apply u> local agents, or
TO H RK 4 4 Oi l» IV OVK Dl Y
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. A1! druggists refund the money if it fails to cure, -.‘.j	&. VV. Grovo's signature is on each* box.
DAVID TORRANCE * CO.. General Agent»,
17 St. f*acram«nL R».. Montreal
A« i a
if there
upon them when wanted
$H0W CASES. WALL CASES
THIRTY TO THIRTY-FIVE
E5c.
FASHION IN CHINA
Office and Bank Fixture», Modern Store Fronts. Mirrors and Plate Glass. For low prices write
gate with a dislocated hinge, a defective plank in the floor of the
A missionary paper reports that the
opposition to the National Foot Soci
ety in China comes chiefly from the TORONTO SHOW CASE 00.,
women, who are afraid to go against fashion.
Dodd's
92 ADELAIDE W„ TORONTO, CAN.
Michigan Land for Sale.
- 000 ACHES GOOD FARMING LANDS-AIUMAO
j Iu*:<>, Ogemaw ami Crawford « 'ountles. Title per. feet- On Michigan Central, De'roit A Mackinac and Loon Lake Railroads, at prices ranging from $2 to « raore. These Lands are Close to Enterprising New .owns, Churches. Schools, etc., and will be sold on mosS reasonable terms. Apply to
U. M PIERCE, Agent, West Bay City, Mich. Or J W CURTIS. Whittemore. Mtob.
repairs are made at once ; nothing
THF BITTER PART OF IT.
Some phlusopher says: The contented man Ls never poor ; the discontented man never rich.
That may be all right as far as A lie man himself is concerned, but it's discouraging to be a member of a contented poor man's family.	,
There !•* more Catarrh in this section of the 0 country than all other diseases iut together, 5>. and un 11 the last few years wan supposed to be ini uruble. For agroat many years doctor* pronoun 'ed it a local disetee, and prescribed local remedies,and by co. stanily falling to cu e wfrb local treatment, pronounced tt enco haapreven vuuirrh to be a constitutional disease, and therefore require* constitutional treatment. Hall1* Catarrh Cure, manufactured by F. J. Cheney & Cy., Toledo, Ohio, is the < nlv j én c n titutional cure on the market. It is tnl en ' internally in doses from 10 drops to a te ispoon fill. It acia directly on the bluet and mucous surface* of the system. They offer one hundred do I nr* for any ease it f- Us to cure, if end for circulars and testimonials.
Address. F. J. CHENEY & CO., Toledo, O.
Sold by Druggist*, 75c.
Hall’s Family Pills are the best.
piggery should ue seen to and the poultry house, and it sheep are kept, comfortable quarters should be provid-
IF.
1
O’KEEFE'S %'R, MALT

I BOYS AND GIRLS l
* WE ARE GIVING AWAY
Invigorate# and 8tr. ngthene.
LLOYD WOOD. Toronto. GENERAL AGENT
i ii

W#4cà
3
LONG WORDS.
If you would win the the world’s respect 4
For what you have# to tell.
First learn to use four syllables Where one would do as well.
Nature's Voices.
mMi mm y
To the discerning ear Nature has
Lhey did me much good. Bui my ail fence rails that will be required in the menus were chrome, deep seated, and many voices. She has a message in sprin
Î:

SUPPLY Mouse.
\
g should be made, so that they 1 am an old man. The cure was nut the sweet tones of ithe brook be cut and hauled during the complete, and 1 gut twelve boxes mure rushes down the hillside
as it

NONSMOKERS DEVELOP BEST.
Doctors say that nonsmokers increase in height, weight, chest measurement, and lung capacity much mote readily than smokers.
may winter
MM—ocean a Of course tho winter's fuel with all faith in the result. 1 only moody voices, now rippling with gentle prepared and housed, but the sup- had to *uso six boxes of the second lut lest cadence upon the golden sands, ply for another year is to be chop- when 1 found myself quite free, from ! anon in deep boisterous voice as she down so thdt when wanted it will kidney troubles, rheumatism, and all lashes the beach with foam. Then the properly seasoned. There are other bodily ailments, except the voice hf trees which the laughing
some ditches to be dug, some drain disability incidental to persons of my winds biiar to our ears, of sunshine	_
pipes to be laid, some ploughing to be advanced age, and even these were in a.nd shade, of hill and valley, of bird | BURGLARY WITH SPONGE AND done during tbe next thirty days ; % measure relieved. 1 may add that	and	flowers.	But she	comtes in	pain
there are boulders to dig out of the for a long time before 1 used the pills	! too,	the voice	of the aching, stinging
meadow and some brush to uproot;	when 1 began iheir use, 1 was the corn speaks impressively, but Pul-
may be there are some fences and cul- victim of the most distressing attacks nam’s Painless Corn Extractor reverts to build; let all these things be 0f aick headache, the sensation of sea- * moves the worst corn in twenty-four attended to before the frost gets into aickneaa in extreme violence, being not hours, painlessly and without leav-
the ground and the snow begins to a whit more distressing. These aliacks I	ing sore	spots.	walls, which are covered with only a
fly. See to it that in the spring all came on once or twice a week. After	- thin coating of mud, and easily dis-
the farm buddings, the fences, the taking the pills, the attacks became	IHREE THINGS.	solve upon the application of mois-
fhao8'eve°r before The A'rm SouW ^ul^/^ValmoeT eZeT% son ' Three things to cherish-virtue. good- ,ure. Then when the mud ,s removed increase in productiveness and at- w^0 iiVeq at a distance took the re-1	ocas an(l	honor.	he takes a sharp knife and cuts the
tractiveness every year. When one maining six boxes and stated to me i	Three things to	hate—cruelty, ar- ^triP8 of split bamboo which seive as
drive, by he should be impelled to say,	they did h,m much good. This I rogance end ingratitude	", Kubst,lu!e for ‘*ths- That easy lits coming when W'e shall see no others, over-ruling power suggests tu mor-	nâl I A	I 11 V	PPPAM	silently that	people sleeping in	the
It is not by working day and night, tals all Lhe wise aml beneficial	CALLA	LILY	CREAM	|	h»u*e will not	be awakened.	Not	long
by oinking a slave of himself that the thoughts and inventions which operate ! ensure» » youthful completion. Bend 25 cents for trial ago the residence of the ca j e mina-
zrxsss,'<™
{!“.\mrwhôdoL7btt,iSiX2°l":	! NUTRITION IN CHOCOLATE. M
‘ï S., B„, Hll, cm t„.	i„
E81EÜI iliEli lisps :
mmmmMrn ..................................................
hunt for in a ditch, nothing to divert	add/es8l“«
the farmer from the proper employ- 4^: ^ !iam8 Medicine Co., Biuck-
aients of the season.	ville. Ont.
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA
d ves new life to the Hair. It makes it grow _ and restores the color
Sold by all druggist;, $or. a bottle.
LUBY’S
c
w p c
WATER
CALVERTS
When a burglar wants to break into a Peruvian house he takes a sponge
Carbolic Disinfectant». Soape, Ointment, Tooth Powder», etc., have been
and a bucket of water and moistens the ! awarded 100 medals and diplomas for superior
excellence. Their regular use prevent infectious diseases. Ask your dealer to obtain a supply. Lists mailed free on application.
BREAKFAST—SUPPER
GO TO	u»
: California®
via
i
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
ENGLAND
MANCHESTER,
Brass Band
Personally conducted California Excursions
Instruments, Drums, Uniforms, etc.
Every town can have a band.
L»we*t price* ever quoted Fine catsloguv, 500 ilium tratione, mailed free. Write urn for anything in Mueic or Musical Instrumente
via MISSOURI PACIFIC R’Y and IRON MOUNTAIN ROUTE.
THROUGH TOURIST SLEEPERS.
LOWEST RATES.
For full information mad reservation of sleeping csj bertha, sddresa
H C. Towmswp O P AT.A., 8t. Louis, Mo.
H D. AitM.-THoNO.T P A..7 W Fort-st , Detroit, Mich Bih.hkll Wilson, D. P. A., Ill Adame st., Chi, ago, HI
WHALEY ROYCE A CO., - Toronto, Can
'
___New importations finest
Knglish Sheep and Am-
H0' *p AB t?.—BL A OK tvtL L V ' îjo. ? Toro. to.
Sausage Casings
FOR OVER FIFTY YEAR»
COLD CURE 10c. Cure* in a jiffy. P Me Uormack A Co.. Agente. Montreal.
HEALTH RESTORED
without medicine or expense to the most disordered Stomach, Lunge, Nerves, Liver, Blood, Beet end Cheapest Bladder, Kidneys. Brain and Breath by
Revalenta
^NMMNMH^OArabioa
which Save* Invalide and Children, and also Rear* suo-oesMfullv Infante whose Ailment* and Debility have resist* d all other treatments. It digeste when all other Food is rejected, saves 50 time its cost In medicine.
f Invariable Success. 100,006 Annual <hires of Constipation. Flatulency, Dyspepsia, Indigestion. Consumption, Diabete*. Bronchitis, Influenza, Ovuglii Asthma, Catarrh, Phlegm, Diarrhoea, Nervous Debility, Sleeplessness, Despondency,
Du Barry’s
REAL GREATNESS.
An exchange gives this story of a pompous member of Parliament who attended an agricultural show in Dublin. He arrived late, and found himself on the outskirts of a huge crowd.
Being anxious to obtain a good view for himself and a lady friend who accompanied him, and presuming that he was well-known to the spectators,
he tapped a burly coal-porter on the	We guarantee perfect sat id an1,1
shoulder and peremptorily demanded, AIADC OPTICAL CO## Make way there.
Garn. who are ye push in' ? was the Mother—I don’t see why you and unexpected response, your husband should have so much Do you know who I am sir? cried saturating with oil, turpentine and j trouble. You don't belong to different the indignant M.P. I am a represent-other ingredients. Thin layers of proportion ibnn a large, fat, beef | such paper are glued to the hoof till
making cow.
Mille. Mille A Halts
Barrister*,«te., removed to Wesley Bldg*., Rich mood #L W.. Toronto.
LAW
“ Pharaoh 10c.” %
50 Years
THE FINAL STAGE.
Banka is in a bad way financially. All his money gone? .
Worse; he can’t borrow any more.
Solid Gold....$2.85 Best Gold Fill 1.50 5 yrsGold Fill 1.00 Best Glasses.. 100
Du Barry & Co., %*£¦
London, W , also in Paris, 14 Rue de Oaetiglion, and at all Grocers, Chemists, and Stores everywhere, inti os, Is., 3., 6d., 6e., 51 b.. 14s. Sent carriage free. Also Du Barry's Revalenta Biscuits, in tine, 3s. 6d. and 6s.
Aeents for Canada : The T. Eaton Co.. Limited. Toro a t#
r
NOVEL HORSE SHOES
I
NERVKS AND FOOD
La Toscana, 10c.
In Iceland horses are shod with sheep’s horn ; in Soudan the horses are shod with socks made of camel’s skin. A German not long ago invent-
ât is the nervous cow that gives the greatest amount of good milk, nays C. W. Jones. One inclined to go to fat makes an excellent beef cow, but a relatively poor milker vous cow is apt to be smaller in
NO EXCUSE FOR THEM
03 Yonge Street, Toronto
JAS. ft. ANNftTT, Manager
ed a horseshoe of paper, prepared by
permanently cure# Catarrh of nose,
As the ner-
J0NM J. MAIN, Supt and Trees.
JL	¦ throat, stomach
and bladder. 50c à #1 » box. Writ* for particulars, The Indian Catarrh Cure Co., 146 St. Jauies-st., Montreal.
alive of the people.
Yah, growled the porter, as he stood unmoved, but we’re the bloomin | people themselves.
The Canadian Heine Safety
BOILER
churches, do you ?
Daughter—No Mother—Then there is no excuse for fighting like cats and dogs.
other
11
the idea gains some j the requisite thickness is attained ;
and t he shoes thus made are durable and impenetrable by moisture.
' | crasxiffi'swK ga
m , Druggists, or Ml Queen W. Toronto, ft»*1
headway that she requires less food. Indeed, there is a tendency
in some quarters to reason that a cow needs food in proportion tty her size—that is, a large cow requires I inventing now ; chainless wheels and
This is an I horseless carnages, and all those
things.
„ ,	^	, , He—I wish someone would invent
It is nervous energy that absorbs tndleaa vacations.
and uses up food, and it requires	-----
WOULD BE HIGH-PRICED
The Dawson Commission Co., Limited,
Oer. West-Market A Oolbome St., Teronte,
Can get you beat prices for your Apples. Butter. F Poultry, and other produce, if you ship it to them.

She—What a lot of things, they're
Esplanade,
0pp. Sherboume St.,

Toronto
'&L
'Its TMHftn/
more than a small one
TORONTO Cutting Softool oilers
¦ to all desirous of acquiring » thorough knowledge of Cutting aad Pitting Gentlemen's Garment». Write for
113 Yonge St, Toronto.
error of a most pronounced order
High Clese Water Tube Steam Sellers, for All Pressures, Duties and fuel.
•BN* FOR DESCRIPTIVE CATALOGUE.
1 tLs&v*+y4 IiAujbrms AnAs
fr&Muyf 'Z&l, $df*9 (fry,
A natural * snake-charmer waa born
He ia a boy
When only
five years old he paralyzed his mother by bringing to her a live rattlesnake. No snake seemed disposed to harm him
show as a snake-charmer.
V/
more to feed such a nature than it does one of a phlegma/bioc dispi>si« I in Cawker City, Kansas.
If anything the opposite to I named Claude Bristow what is true in general practice ehsuld be observed
Catholic Prayer
olflxse, Scapulars,
Religious Pictures, Statuary, and Church ornament*
wB.ki K rsi:
tfon
Stammerers îE-Sï
where, v
More rich and
highly concentrated food should be given to the smaller milker than to
He now travels with a


j



<





###PAGE###4###
rp HE
PORTAGE DU FORT
Table “ A " from Report of Committee on County
Valuations.
THE MARKETS.
Itay District, and that lying nearer the j settled portions of the province of Quebec _ : This gentleman stalled from Like St.John's, 108 miles north of Quebec, with a party of fourteen, intent on ascertaining the mineral, timber and other natural - i wealth of the surrounding country. He
proceeded to Lake Mistassimi, a body water 300 miles long, thickly studded
In these
THE EQUITY.
SH A. W VILLE.
Oats per bushel, 24 to 25e.
Pease per bushel, .V< to 00e.
Kggs, per dozen, 14e.
Butter, per pound, 10 to 17v.>
Wool, per pound, 14 to 10c. liny, per ton: #5.50 to #7.00. Calfskins, 40 to 45c.
Hides, per 100 pounds, $5.50 to #0.00 Belts, each, 140 to 50c.
4) —
OTTAWA.
Kggs per dozen, IS to 20c.
Butter in pail, (1st quality! 20 to -2c Butter in prints. 20 to 23c.
Cheese per II*., 12 to 13c.
Beef per 100 lhs., $3.50 to #0.50. Lamb per lb., 8 to 10c.
Mutton per lb., 5 to 7c.
Veal peril)., 5 to 7c.
Pork, heavy. #5.50 to #6.00.
Pork, light. #0.25 to #0.00.
Live hogs, select, #1.50.
Live hogs, heavy, #4.00.
Hides per 100, #0.00 to #0.50.
Oats per bushel, 20 to 31 v.
Potatoes per hag. 05c.
(See Official Minutes in another Column of this Issue.)
SHAWVILLE, OCT. 18. 1899.
Roller Mill
1 $
I
f § 1 **
V
if
EDITORIAL NOTES
Valuations
Amount
Municipality
13
. t	.	,	.	*	| with beautiful wooded island*
The British constitution, which moa < regions the goverment surveyor met three
us are so proud of. seems to have one 1 different parties of American prospectors serious defect : the facility which it af- and hunters. They reported the existence fords to alleged subjects of the Empire , °f copper of a good quality in largo quanto talk treason and berate the Imperial	^is point Mr O'Sulivan proceed
Government on every occasion which de* a|ong the E ist Maine river, which manda instead spontaneous outbursts enters .lames Bay on the east side.
" """" “ c'“"
met with, who had been very successful,
The war cloud which has long been | as large deposits of silver had been discovered. The only drawback was the lack of communication, the Hudson Bay burst, with all its harrow ing conaequen- company’„ boats only making semi-annual
Once more British arms have been trips on the river.
called into action to maintain the great About Hudson’s Bay and lames Bay,
the returned tffioisl states, there is an
,	.	.	.	,	,	, abundance of game. From one trading
ready the dm of bathe and the clash of f)oat (>n t|10 weet 8,de of James Bay, no
reverberating through the hills jes8 lVn tons of goose feathers alone
As but three

I é
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
26,285
36,275
205,305
538,403
64,015
211,265
21,240
04,876
728,550
57,464
47*600
267,485
81,060
150,586
67,690
100,862
165,703
322,401
87,742
100,064
38.803
23,895
30.275 136,870
538,403 64,015 | 211.265 1
21.240	|
82.500 485,700
52.240 47,800
267,485 67.550 115,835
57.500 100,862 165,703 322,401
87,742
80,771
35.275
2,300
68,435
10
AldrivM............................
Alleyn and Cawood..................
Allumette Island...................
Bristol.................... ......
Bryson.............................
lumet Island....................
Chapeau............................
Chichester.........................
Clarendon..........................
Fort Voulunge......................
Leslie, Clapham, Arc...............
Litchfield.........................
Mansfield and Pontefract...........
Onslow.................. ..........
Portage du Fort....................
Quyon..............................
Shaw ville.........................
South Part of the Township of Onslow
Sheen, Esher, Ac...................
Thorne.............................
taper .lay sure, gentlemen I	Bryson................
50
First Quality Flour.
Va
1,238
242,850
6,224
15


50
M' Fanners favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
10
\
hovering over East Africa has at last
20
13,510
34,751
ees
to
JOSEPH BROWN,
principles of equality and justice
Proprietor.
anus, are
of the territory bordering the Transvaal, ! were slopped last year
utlQCfS uf foatluT® can he secured from a
single goose, the numbers secured in « I WANTED hurling themselves against each other in 3casun |nU8t bo v,.ry L,reat. The meat is 1
a death struggle for supremacy. This is 8ahed and shipped to England where there
the intelligence which the despatches are is a growing demand f »r it. The wild
lia a* atl |
l he struggle will be tu ue while it his s« gUna bringing down 30 or more at one no doubt, but there is scarcely any un- discharge.
certainty as to the result. Paul Kruger, ; Mr. O'Sulivan states that already there and his intolerant people will have their are several American and English hunting
l'.ves opened to the might ami majesty of j ®f u,Vd ni-a7’Ï’-Tko“ A bit tfbi^“no less VhVn the British empire, and it they do not 400 white people being met with on the
meet with complete national annihilation, ; trip.	j MAIN STREET, SHAW VILLE,
Groceries Fruit, (in season),
—ALSO—
FOR SALE:
25
20,103 3,528
uul armed bands »»f determined men arc
10
X quantity of
Boards Laths and Shingles.
special work ; position per manent; reliable firm, with best refer
(Signed)
or holies
f
Tuns. Mi FvRLANK
M. Havi
XV. H. Ml’REWTll <L II. Brarazon,
E. Graham
vlives ; experience unnecessary Address
S. M. FRA
TO WHOM IT MAY CONCERN:
Field Manager, Toronto
We are Agents for
0. WILSON’S, The Winchester
Gentlemen :
Rifle



Having bought out the Tailoring business of Mr. Charles Frame, I lag leave to state that 1 am prepared and in a |position to give every satisfaction to those who may entrust me with mi order.
73 8-55
BALLARD & MARLIN

a nee
exhausted every element of reason and diplomacy, is driven to the extreme teaching them a much needed lesson, and depend upon it, the task will he th ly accomplished.
f
f
and the tish and game such a? to satisfy the most exacting hunter. All the country needs is a good start, and I predict that few years’ time it will be well popul-
<<
;
Catalogue now ready. Write for one and prices.
McDOUCALL & CUZNER,
ugh
v
n
in a
ated,” he concluded
My Motto :
Ottawa’s population has iucie.iscd 1.610 j FrSSll OyStBl’S, during the past year, and now reaches
57,COO.
Prompt attention to business. No disappointments to patrons.
The force <-f Canadian sentiment and public opinion throughout the country, has at last foiced the Government of this
the matter of
South
Served either raw or stewed
My Determination :
Customers promptly and courteously treated.
STOVES !
country to take action in sending a military contingent t Africa, to aid in maintaining British su
f the Globe
NOTICE
TO ALL WHOM IT IVJAY CONCERN.
To turn out a class of work that will I mar son with the very best; a class of work that by Its stylish and fashionable appearance, will draw the attention of everyone, and secure the continued patronage of those who entrust me with their first order.
successful compati
STOVES !
FARM FOR SALE
At a Bargain.
pretitavy in that quarter The decision of the Government much hesitation, and the huge grist <»f
STOVES!
Left under my care and guardian dun on Sunday morning. October the I lib,
IKUO, b\ ti. F. Horigins. Esq., ltiayoi
of t he Corporation of Shaw ville, the fol- I rj-|10 undersigned otters for sale a farm low ing property, (supposed to belong to containing four hundred acres of choice the “ Naw Kaw Mvil. Vo." of Ottawa, and jamj in the Township of Gurd. District of abandoned im t be dat e mentioned by two Pan v Sound. Seventy acres cleared ; lad-men, i bought tu he agents of t he said coni pan vI. to wit : one grey horse and one light express. I therefore give notice that unless the said property is claimed within eight days from the date of this notice, by furnishing good and sufficient proof of ow nership thereof, ns w ell as the payment of all legal expenses in connection therewith. the same will be sold by public auc-at t be liverv stables of Young &
aftvi
that they will sanction the
excuses is
sending of the seat of war -now in progress with all its terrible consequences; that they will equip the men and transport them to South Africa; but further than "that our weak-kneed rulers arc n *t prepared to go. The Government w ill not undertake to
One Thing Needful.
lie thousand volunteers t
Log house, ham and stable erected cm the premises which are well watered and situated one mile from school and post Office rahly suited for a stock farm For furl hei
The comforts of a household are never complete without a good Cook Stove
fa>t approaching, doe- not catch you 111 provided in this iv sped.
Leave your Measure next
ante hu-.li
which is
Svc to it that the w inter season
J. W. COIVIBAj T;\!L3R.
flu* premises are ad mi
Clear title
particulars apply to
XV. d. HUDGINS
Still In It.
(McArthur’s building. Main St.)
Bontield V.O.. Out
assume the cost of the expedition during the period that it will he under service. That responsibility will rest upon the Imperial Government. This i. the way Mr. Tarte lias figured out things, and. have remarked before, what Mi says invariably goes. Again has tins gentleman abundantly demonstrated that lie is the supreme boss of the machine at Gttawa, and the result uf his latest decision places this fair Dominion in a sadly humiliating position, indeed posed himself altogether to Canadians assisting in fighting the battles of the OM Land—that land which assured t > him the free and untrammelled liberty he enjoys has relaxed to the extent of sanctioning an offer for volunteers to compose the contingent for which the people of Canada from one end to the other have been crying out; but not one
popular makes
1 am still in the busine-s w ith a supply of t! wady for Fall trade, and the large number of Stove- I have sold during the past year is sufficient evidence that I keep the styles the people are looking for.
m.
Draper. Sim w ville, at one o clock on Sat unlaw the iSth dav of October, instant.
B. W. Y< M NG,
CEO. HYNES
3ontiac
Woolley
Mills.
J
Guardian
Shaw \ ille, ( )vt. 1st H. 1
The Farmers’ Stove.
IS XV V
Tarte
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
Notice Forbidding Gredit.
NORTH-WEST" High Oven Stove nearly always catches
Out
the farmer who ta 1< - time to examine it, and those who have bought one say it is just the thing.
Wv hereby caution all parties against giving credit tunny one in our names wit li-oul <mr verbal authority a- we will not be responsible for any debts so vontracten.
* MBS. ELLEN HOHIN, THUS. R. HOHIN.
North Clarendon, Out. 17, 181,1).
Several kinds of Under-Oven Stoves on hand. See tljem.
Tarte, op
R. J. BLACK, Main St., SHAWVILLE.
lOOO Lambs
WANTED.
X large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Farm to Rent.
IN UNDERTAKING
Industrious men of Character to travel and appoint agents. Salary
and expenses paid.
BRADEEY-UÀRKETSON CO., Lt d.
Brantford.
WANTED
The undersigned offers to rent her Farm ig of Ft. South Fast Half of North Fa t Half of Lit No. 10 on the Fourth Range of Clarendon, containing ->1 acres. This property is only 1.1 miles from Shaw-ville and in a good state of cultivation.
For full particulars apply on the premises to	MRS. In Oh. HODtiINS.
Clarendon, Oct. 16. 1866
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
COUS S 1
The only Establishment of its kind in the County.
Farmers having lambs to dispose of this Season will do well to hold them until they get our prices, as they are hound to be the highest that w il he paid.
J AS. ROBINSON,
Christian men and women “ The Light of Life," the
WANTED
dollar would he agree to appropriate towards the maintenance of that contingent, as becomes the loyal and bounden duty of the premier colony of the empire result of this is that Can ida’s military assistance to Britain on this moimnfcous occasion will not take the distinguishing form of a regiment of our country's defenders, equipped and paid by the people <>f this Dominion, but the thousand men who go to Africa will be divided up into units of 125 men each, and distributed among the several British regiments that have been detailed to take the held, a plan which will afford poor opportunity indeed, for distinction to the young men who will represent the courage, the endurance and the character of the fighting
These
SHAWVILLE
Meat Market.
to introduce most marvellous book since the publication of the Bible. A commentary on the New Test ament, together with complete lives of the Apostles. In point of art the work is a gem. The finest, most touching, life-like illustrations ever designed forthe New Testament. Sells in every house, and anybody can sell it. Capital

Shawville
Buyer for Mr. Jamieson
carding
SPINNING
Etc. Etc.
The
Renfrew
August 21, 1866
9
General Supply Farm Machinery and Carriage
Public Notice.
9
CHOICE FRESH AND CURED
Taxes !
Taxes !
MEATS OF ALL KINDS
Ratepayers of Thorne, resident or absent, are hereby notified that all lands in IN ARREARS or TAXES will be sent in for county sale if not paid before the 1st day of December, 1899.
Beware of the heavy costs.
NOW IN STOCK.
Depot.
DONE IN THE USUAL PROMPT AND SATISFACTORY MANNER.
Freight
or experience unnecessary paid. Books on time giving choice of territory, and we will
Send for outfit
Thanking the publlic for past patronage, I respectfully solicit a continuance of the same.
o
-o
Order of Council,
S. M. LOGAN
show you how to make money. BRADLEY GARRKTSON CO., Lt d,
Brantford
Farm Machinery (all kinds,) Waggons,
Expresses,
Carriages,
Buggies,
Carts,
J. G. McGUIRE.
Always In Stock a large and well assorted Range of . . .
Sec.-Treas
Given at Thorne Centre, October 4. 1896.
}
material our country possesses disadvantages are all the legitimate fruit of having at the head of our affairs, at a critical moment, a milk and water sort of statesman, surrounded by a coterie of colleagues, who seem willing to submit to any degree of humiliation and indignity rather than incur the awful displeasure 4,f one J. Israel Tarte, Minister of Public

Worsteds
Serges,
Tweeds,
Flannels,
Prints, &c.
These Goods are from
the best Scotch, English
and Canadian manufactories.
f
is made to or
j Some Clothing
der, not made to fit. j Shorey’s Clothing is made to
i fit, not made to order.
I Every garment guaranteed.
| Sold only by the best dealers.
L.——»,,.—~ — — «<»	«?«	m
Sewing Machines, Washing Machines, Wringers,
Churns.
$
i
i
Straw GVttkrs, Corn Shellers,
WHEELBARROWS.
Works, who controls millions of the peo pie's money to lavish upon other enter prises the utility of some of which are ex tremely questionable in character what are p:ople going to do about it ? Submit, simply, and await the opportunity which will afford a means of ehang-distasteful and unpatriotic an order
\nd
o—
Everything required by tl\e Farmer
in the lino of machinery to lighten the work about his premises may be got here.
mg so of things
They have been selected with a view to
supplying people with the class of goods they require, and they have been marked at prices mined.
IT PAYS
HUDSON BAY DISTRICT RICH IN ORES AND FORESTS.
To buy a good article, and an inflection of our stock will show that we kee|i only the liest goods of the best makers.
Shorey’s Ready Tailored Clothing can he obtained from the following firms in the
County of Pontiac :
that must sell them when ex
Information of an official nature throwing new light on the resources of Canada's north land, is that borne by Mr. Henry O’Sulivan, chief surveyor of the Quebec goverment, who has just retumid from a season’s work in the Hudson and James
Prices that will sell.
A. HODGINS
O. F. HODGINS, SHAWVILLE.
PAUL Mi’NALLY, CAMPBELL S BAY S. SMITH, BRISTOL STATION.
H. S. DOWD. QVYON. O'MEARA BROS.. BRYSON.
f. a. Maloney, chapeau
3
A. SMILEY.
PROPRIETOR.
###PAGE###5###

On Tuesday afternoon the Itichrm n House, in other days known as Lyoi.’s Hotel, was mold by auction to satisfy a mortgage. The auctioneer was Mr. Gao'geE. Neilson, who got as a first bid $4,IKK). From this figure the bidding went up to |5,000, which sum was offered by Mr. John Du!mage of Almonte and to him the property was knocked down. The piopeity, as everybody in Arnprior well knows, is easily worth $8,000, and shortly after the sale Mr. Dulmage was offered almost that amount for it. Mr. Rich man has held the hotel for twelve years, during which time many improvements have been made to it.—Arnprior Chronicle.
Word ham come of the accidental death at Kamloops, B. C , of Robert Graham, son of Johnston Graham of Bristol. He had gone on a prospecting trip, on the South 1 hompson River. Failing to return in a reason-length of time, his brother, George, who is also a prospector, organized a search party, but it was not until a week had elapsed that the body was found in a crevice in the rocks with a bul lot through his lung. The unfortunate yourg man had evidently fallen into the tissure and it is supposed that the revolver, which he carried in a valise with his prospecting toojs, was discharged by the concussion, with the above result. Deceased was horn in the county of Lanark, on the fourth line, about thirty years ago. The rtmiins were interred at Kamloops.
Winnipeg, Man., Oct. 10.—Enormous damage from prairie tires is reported from tho Dauphin district. During the heavy wind of a few days ago a district nearly one hundred miles tquare was burned over and nearly all farmers have lost hiy, while many are left without horses and stables. The government will have to give assistance to some of the settlers. several of whom are left with noth' ing but the clothes on their backs heavy rainfall of this week has fortunately checked the flames.
JAS. HOPE & Co.
Vf ANUFACTURINO STATIONERS .BOOKHEL ItA 1er*, Book til rule re Printers, etc. Depository f cue Ultawa Auxiliary UlMeSoolety .Ottawa, Out.
m
THE EQUITY,
\
I
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PVni.iailKD EVKRY THURSDAY
AT HH AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE. SUBSCRIPTION—# 1.00 A TEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages e paid, unless by special arrangement with ubllsher.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
WAR NEWS.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
and
NOTARY FOR THE RELIANTE LOAN AND HAVINGS CO., OK ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, -
Will be In Shnwvllle on Tuesday of every week.
NOTARY PU RM
JEWELLER
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK OE
WATCHES,
CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, SILVERWARE Ac. Ac.
lOOO MEN WANTED!
QUE.
ADVERTISING RATES
Iipgal advertising. eight cent* per line for first Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at #4.00 per yesr.
Loeal announcements Inserted at the rale of five cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer period* Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.

Not to go to South Africa with the Canadian contingent, but to call at
R. MITCHELL,
bAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT.
for the District of Pontiac. Office, Main St., Hnawvllle.
A «’counts collected and prompt returns made.

1
Repairing—
a Speciality
SHAWVILLE, Q.
F. HODGINS’ DEPARTMENTAL STORE
G.
HAWVILLB HAVING PARLOR,
J0I|N SMITH, Proprietor.
s
Any day (Sundays excepted) between 7, a. m., and 8, p. m., when kind and courteous treatment will ... be extended to all. . . .
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.

P
The Shawville
FACTORY.
SASH and IAOOR
JOB PRINTING
The spot spot for
Alt kinds of Job Printing neatly and Cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
A Fashionable Hair Cut,
Good Shampoo, or
A Clean Shave.
— ALL KINDS I K —
JOHN A. COWAN.
Publisher
We have some extra value to show in our Clothing Department,.
Storey’s Ijigby-proofed Frieze Ulsters,
Men’s Heavy Double-breasted Suits,
Mens’ Heavy Reefers,
Meq’s Tweed Pants in every weight.
£4T Your Turn next
Interior & Exterior
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs

Agent for The STAR LAUNDRY of Ottawa.
Articles to Ik* laundried forwarded every
Tuesday morning.
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
MASVFA< TVKED
District and Country.
F. M. A. McHaughtori, B./V,
DOORS, 8ASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, kc. *«¦. in stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULAR PRICES
Graduate of McGill University,
Will occupy the office of Dr. II. II. Knox during his absence.
Thu late .September rains are said to have done considerable damage to roads and bridges in the Upper Lievre country.
Mr. John Ryan, an Alice farmer, this year threshed 180 bushels of White Fife wheat, the product of eight acres of land.
There is t ilk of a new move in regard to the building of an inter-provincial bridge at Lapasse.
The Ameii an steamer 14 Nutmeg State” was burned to the watei s edge on Friday, and eight of those on board perished.
On Tuesday night a gang of masked men succeeded in holding up an express train near Chicago, and secured twenty live thousand dollars.
The largest watermelon raised in Kansas this year weighed 140 pounds. A watermelon was raised also at Atlanta,
Ua., whi.’h weighed 140j pounds.
It is said that a syndicate has been discover* d in Moiitcvido, which has for its object the murdering of persons whose lives have been insured by the syndicate.
Miss Annie More, the woman who pre ferred charges of immortaliity against Rev.
Tlios. Geoghegan. formerly rector of St.
Peter's church, Hamilton, now retracts
them.
Thomas Low of Egan ville is engaged in the endeavor to f irm a j >int stock company to develop the water power of the |tr Bonnecheie in connection with the Hue GEO- G W R l « ; a 2 T, sell estate in Renfrew which has fallen
into his hanos.	0f tin* NetHerland Indies, Java, says that I ^	.
ADVOCATE, 6ARRISTE ,	A move is on foot in Ontario to send a violent earthquake in the south side of R-Q TQ
Hulls Que-i	a company i.f <vn? hundred crack shots to ihd island of Curanit iux* to the luigost
Law business In District ot Ioutlac alien - ,g ^ ,h^ wou!d be very effective in the Amhei, and killed, it s estimated, some eUlu'	wnr ”	"	4.000 persons, as well as injuring some
500 others.
<
MvCREDIE & HODGINS.
Estimates furnished
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M-,
The
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
J. II Armstrong's House,
THE BOLL ELECTEE! CO.
our bargains are not confined to one department, but run clean around the Store.
A Dastardly Deed
OmvE and Residence
MAIN STREET - - SHAWVILLE
Toronto, Och II. —The authorities at Stanley Barracks state that a deliberate attempt was made to set the military stores of the district on the this evening, stores are located in the < 11 fort under charge of Lieut. Co!. Gravely. At o'clock a blaza broke out in one of the store buildings among a pile of tents. The tiro brigade was called out and extin guished the flames aftei only nominal damages had been done. Investigation showed that the wire screen had been forced open and a piece of cotton watte such tu is used by engineeie, saturated with oil, had been thrown into the building after being lit. The < fticials are certain tint the work was that of an enemy, and the stores to-night are protected by
sentries.
utes i a
Cars run at Intervals of twenty m the morning and fifteen minutes In the after noon, daily, Sundays In hided.
LEGAL.
The
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L
Close connections are made with aU Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
nine
JUST IN !
'I
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Shawville every Monday
Baggage promptly bandied
An elegant array of Goods, suitable for Birthday or Wedding Gifts.
W. It. TAYLOR
WILL VISIT
Sec.-Treas
WM. GAMBLE,
?7<

? . T
BARRISTER, &c.,
159 Main Street, .....
At Shawville. second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over G. F. Hodglns’ Store. Main St.
YLL
#*e
see ^
Hull.
: Stevens Ri fees

G. F. HODGINS
*
C2
wiKiua ifiiAL
aktiiih McConnell,
4,000 PERSONS KILLED
a
-3 arc guaranteed to be
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
? 4
Main HI. Hull,
4 TTORNEY AT LAW.
\ nuc will, at request, at lend allcourts
In t ho district. All corresponde net proiupt-
**'w?H bolus liâwvl lit ft ret Thursday o feacb
month.
SAFE, SOLID, i;
An Earthquake in the Island of Ceram Causes Great Less of
Life.
Amsterdam, Oct. 1- —A despatch to the H indlesblad, from,Batavia, capital

ACCURATE,
I
From tlio
Elliott & Bather’s Mill
V The "IDEAL” No. 44 is a fine rifle. | ONE OF out LEADERS, price only $10. $ We nusf intee it in every respect. Xoth-r in g cheap about it but the price.
8^ i	! __	*i< Made regularly In .22. .25 and .32 cal-
r ! d n 1 ll OT	t Ibre rlm-ure. .23-20 STEVENS, .3240,
I 3 Ct ! & I 1 6 fL M	.3S-55 and. 1 & 40 center-llre.
"	I IN SPEC IAL SIZES, 612.00.
» e	A Send stamp for complete Catalog and
Matching |j. stems mus 1HD toil co.,
and Dressing K
230 Main St
DALE BEOS.
SHAWVILLE.
For anything anil everything in the line of - - -
Stoves,
Mgr. Falcon in, the Papal Delegate to Canada, arrived in Ottawa last week, and has since been receiving an enthusiastic round of welcome from the vari< us orders and institutions in connection witn the R. C. Church, as well as tho cit z3ns representing that body.
Pembroke, Oct. 12.— Mr. Geo. B Tanner, formerly manager for the Pembroke Furniture Co., dropped dead in the law « ttice of J. G. Forgie, where he had gone to transact some business about 11 o’clock this morning. Mr. Tanner had been ailing for some time, but the suddenness of Ins taking off has shocked the community who sympathize with the bereaved wife and sma'l family.
The deceased gentleman came to Pern broke from Peterboro and was a nephew of Hon. Geo. A. Cox.
Mr. Napoleon Champagne, counsel for the Bolieaue, who stood trial at the last Hull assizes for tho alleged murder of Larina Tt Onge at Bois Franc, and who are still in goal waiting for their trial, has given notice to the prothonotary that he will apply next Monday in Hull to the judge in chambers and at the same time to the attorney-general in Quebec for the exhuming of the victim’s coff.n. The head of the religious authorities was also consulted on the subject and said that he would act according to the decision of the law. Mr. Champagne’s object is to ascertain the number of ornamental nails set by the undertaker on the coffin. It will be remembered that the most positive witness of the crown, a little girl of slightly over ten years of age, and the first neighbor of the Bolieaue, swore that she had counted 60 nails on the coffin while listening to the incriminating conversation of the Bolieaus, in the room adjoining the mortuary room. Mr. Champagne, sincethe evidence was given, went up with a reliable witness from Ottawa to Mani-waki, and there ascertained from the people in good position to know that the undertaker had not lavished lus ornaments on such a cheap, poor coffin. This new departure in the procedure will create no end of speculation a to the result of tht ntxt trial.
W. W. IRELAND,
HOW THE WAR STANDS
Clerk of the District Magistrales' Court
Tinware,
Boers Rushing Matters to Secure Strong Strategic Positions.
Deeds,
Commissioner and Conveyancer
Mortgages, etc., executed legally and Mills
factorlly.
Furnaces,
Cistern Pumps, Roofing or Evetroughing.
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
The capture of the
London, Oct. 10
armored train on the Western border of the Transvaal is the beginning of a few anticipated reverses at the outset < f the
The Boer plan is now unfold-
P.O.Box 1311
CHICOPEE FALLS, MASS,
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
AILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT Shawville Que., i
13‘‘shawville Que., respectfully solicits 0n mi ifer\i6u tfc lo r uuy business I u con 110ct ion with all Courts In the County. Collections
madeanclp-omptreturiisassured
campaign
ing itself. It seems to be to strike aim ultaneouily at d.fferent pointa, with a view of obtaining a strong strategic posi-in Natal before the arrival of the British
At all points the British
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
JoVbing and
Repairing
LUMBER OF ALL KINDS
done at
reasonable rates.
GENERAL.
army corps
¦1 faced by Boer forces superior at least in number. The most dangerous positions, especially since the loss of the armored train, are Mafeking and Vryburg. Col. Baden-Powell, who is in command at Mafeking, is a man of the greatest courage and energy, but he has only two thousand men, many of them irregulars whose fighting capacity is not known, although it is believed to be good. The fact that he has moved out of Mafeking indicates some apprehension, and, in all likelihood, he will have to stand a fierce assault or a prolonged siege.
Geo. Stewart White, commanding in Natal, is estimated to have about 15,000 men stretched in strongly entrenched positions fro n Ladysmith to Dundee. He is a man of great resource, and has the val» uable assistance of Gen. Sir William Penn Symons, experienced in hill fighting in India, and Gen. Sir Archibald Hunter, experienced in Soudan campaigns.
SEVERE FIGHTING AT MAFEKING IN WHICH
THE BOERS LOSE THREE HUNDRED AND THE BRITISH EIGHTEEN MEN.
London, Oct. 17 —A special despatch from Op i Town says that three hundred Boers and eighteen British have been killed in a battle at Mafeking.
Lorenzo, Marques, Oct. 17.—Refugees who hi Vi jut arrvel hire from the Trans a 1 rep- r. that tl e Boers have been repulsed at Mafeking, sustaining heavy losses.
Kimberley, Oct. 17 —An aimored train, while reconnoitering near Spytfontein, engaged the B->ers, k liing five and
The Brit si h d no
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware end Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
—	Sample* FfCC
MacLEAN PUB. CO.. Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
J. J. TURNER,
are
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
Pontiac. Salesconducted In a business-like and satisfactory manner. Goods or articles of any kind taken and disposed of by public or private sale on reasonable terms. Public sales conducted at Shawville once a month. A variety of articles always on hand for sale; Office : Shawville,Que.
Neatly and promptly executed at low prices. Good workmanship guaranteed.
all demands supplied for
ROUGH AND DRESSED LUMBER.
WM. BARBER
J. G. ELLIOTT
DALE BROS.
Court Shawville,
No 216.
An Earthquake
LO.E
SHAWVILLE, QUE-
Highest Prices paid tor Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Eggs.
i
Meets the 4th Wednes lay of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. 8. Barnett, F.S
!
p. s.
Always creates a lot of excitement. Incidentally we might remark that our splendid and well selected stock of general merchandise is creating a like amount of excitement amongst the purchasing public, the cause being our very low prices.
PATENTS
Gen. Sir
V

PROMPTLY SECURED
L.B.C
mmm
Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION PATENT SOLICITORS & EXPERTS
EBB*
Society of Civil Engineer#.
„ ... ( NEW YORK UFK B'LD'C., MONTREAL CFF.CES: ( ATI ANTIC BUILDING., WASHINGTON, D C.
J. A. Cowan, R 8
NOTICE.
Hugh Hobbs, C. R.
The Farmer
Public Notice is hereby given by J. R. Horner, the undersigned Secretary I reas-urcr that the Simplement to the Jurors List for the year 1899 will 1*? submitted to the Municipal Council for its approval at the next general session to be held on
¦riiSKSiW».-
tober, 1899,
HOTELS.
will find us prepared to supply his every need. We have everything he requires from a plough to a suit of clothes.
St. Lawrence Hall,
T., Q
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress.
The Housewife
J. R. HORNER,
Sec.-Treas
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
Will also be pleased to learn thal our stock of groceries and household necessities was never so large and complete. We have everything sht may require to make the home happy and comfortable.
HUNDRED MASSACRED.
Treacherous African Chief Led German Expedition into Ambush-Natives’ Slew Them.
pONTlAC HOUs/r
50 YEARS* EXPERIENCE

vn
i




Liverpool, Oct 13.—The steamer Ni-which arrived here from Southwest
In Conclusion,
GENTS WANTED—FOR -THE LIFE
__and Achievements of Admiral Dewey,”
the world’s greatest Naval hero. By Murat Halstead, the life-long friend and admirer of the nation’s Idol. Biggest and best book ; 500 pages. Sxiu Inches ; nearly 100 I >ne Illustrations. Only S1.Î0. mous demand. Big Commissions, free. Cbftuce of a lifetime; Write quick. The Dominion Company' 3rd Floor Caxton Bldg., Chicago.
wounding seven losses.
Pretoria, Oct. 14.—Delayed in transmission.-—Heavy fighting took place this morning north of Mafeking. An armored train sent to repair the railway line open» ed tire on the Boer commando. One burgher was killed and two were wound
A
ger,
Africa, brings news of the massacre ( i Lieut. Guise, German commissioner at Kio Del Hey, near Old C*labar river, on the Biafra, and also of Harr Laomeyer, a German tiader, together with a hundred ¦ diers and carriers, constituting an expedition formed by Lieut. Guise to quell disturbances near the Cross river, which forms the boundary between Bri tish and German territory there. A na live chief was taken as a guide, but he led the expedition into ambush. He was promptly shot when the Germans received a volley. They fought courageously but were outnumbered and slain.
Suffice it to say we have everything usually kept in an up-to-date general store.
«*
Trade Marks Designs
9 "ffl" 1 Copyrights Ac.
Anvone sending a sketch and description may quickly Ascertain our opinion free whether an
ws5s ms ïrmïstwss*
apreial notice, without chnrge. In the
Scientific American.
SSSSmSSli
NEISV.T9BA1
pages
Enor-
uuiflt
over halftone
SiLAS YOUNG
Starke’s Corners.
i
ed
A second engagement followed, in which nine British were wounded. Then,
were near the
PROPERTY FOR SALE.
I
while Gen. Conje e troops bn ken railway bridge, nine miles north of Mafeking, an approaching train leaded with dynamite, was tired upon and blown . There was no casualties on the
Transvaal side.
The undersigned offers for sale his desirable property situated on Main street, Shawville, opposite the Bank. For terms and particulars apply to
To PATENT Good Ideu
may be secured by our aid. Address,
THE PATENT RECORD, Baltimore. Md
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
C. CALDWELL, • • •
U|)
SILAS YOUNG, Park man P. O
proprietor
«I
###PAGE###6###




			



\
















THE GOLD HOARDERS OF INDIA
rÆ;^r»vr..?“r«.î,Æ BELL ISLAND'S BIB MINE
CAN YOU SAY IT?

Floriculture.
jyj erry Moments.
habit aa a survival, or as an indisposition to give up the odd Qoral life and rank.'
4 Staffer* Wlleh will Teal Young leelpl | Ullllon* Hlihlci* I?udrrgvaea«*-Tramaerr*
of Forlroaa of Uwnller.
fil r il real*.
AN IRON DEPOSIT WHICH MUST BE OPERATED BY DYNAMITE.
TK* DEAR CHRYSANTHEMUM.
After the summer flowers are gone— The daisies and the violets,
The morning-glories sweet as dawn, The roses which no heart forgets—
In autumn's crisp and spicy air, While yet the front is just before, Their faces lifting bright and fair, Behold a throng at winter’s door 1
They dare him, with their laughter
^ .
To enter, bringing ice and snow, They bid him wait, and day by day. The braver grows their splendid show.
Oh I radiant, rich chrysanthemum,
We love thy reign, thy spell we own I
Still linger, though the birds are dumb. And woodland ways are chill and lone.
About fifty milliards A francs Is
TIME AND MONEY
•'The first symptoms of insanity,*4
said the head of one of the ,big asylums	said to be the total * mount of the	;
are generally apparent to a specialist	gold prodfuot of the two worlds since	ly nowadays.
some two or three years before the «uf-	the discovery of America mays a B ranch	8eema ao in	kia	H#
ferer becomes actually insane. Again,	paper. And. at range to say, df this	ABk^Xme tcTgive "him	a minute	this
many thousands of people who die	outpouring of gold which during four	morning and utilised it	to make a ten-
sit lie are mentally balanced on the	centuries has been scattered all over	dollar touch.
verge of madness all their lives. There	th« world, an immense portion remains
Is only wanting some terrible shock to unhinge their brains.
“Now, every specialist has his own	bedded. In India the gold returns to
method of testing the sanity of every	the earth and remains there more corn-
person he meets. You see, so accus-	¦ |
tomed do we become to looking behind a mull's brain, we get a mania for so original state.
doing. One of the commonest methods The amount of gold brought into is that of giving some sentence generally full of r's, or sV such #is Round, the rugged rock the ragged rascal ran/ to be repeated, a only for a joke. In reality t of tho surest tests as to the condition df a gn tin's brain. If he fail to be able to repeat it without getting hopelessly
muddled, we, if possible, keep our eye | as the sand of the deserts swallow urn him/*
Hoax—Harduppe hustles around live.
He mays that time is
BRITISH TROOPS IN SOUTH AFRICA
Spirit «ltd Shipping Fact lilies—fail of Win
lag and CoHvrjancM le Mttrlllng Werk»
Wo Kxirnordlnary Supply of Them Ordered
There Vet
Haiti in Leave #1 Per Ton I ro#L
One of the moat remarkable iron mines in the world has been purohag-
Whtle the chances of peace or war in South Africa are still in the balance, a short statement of the British forces actually in the country will be
ed recently by the Whitney syndicate
iron deposit of Bell Island, Newfound-useful. There is much said and writ- land, where the syndicate is establish-ten about the massing of men on both ittg a great smelting enterprise, sides of the Transvaal frontier, when
au a matter of fact there has been no- I tons of ore, underlaying a surface de-ihing more than the despatch of small posit of two feet of soil. When this .has detachments oi troops tooertsin point» | been uncovered a vast terrace of the
and three
ILLUMINATION.
;
Well, old men, Is married life all y@s expected it to bet”
,	, All f It is a whole lot of things 1
pletely hidden than It «was in its never dreamed of 1*
This is the hematite
idle in India where it has been em
The lied or quarry contains 28,tXK),0C0
NOT QUITE THE WORST.
India during the &ast sixty years, j’m happy every time I hear that that is to say, from 18^7 to 1898, is | piano going next door 1 pparently I greater by three milliards nine hund-his is one red and forty-three millions of francs
A
v
lk) you like that girl's horrid play ing ?
, ,	. No; but I always think how wi
than t li€ a mount exported. The soil | j^j suffer if it was a melodeonl
of India absorbs the floods of gold just
of primary importance on the lines of i mineral, 50U feet wide communication on the British side, and | miles long, will be exposed the establishment of small laagers and j natural formation of the ore, however, posts of observation on the Boer side
where roads of strategic (importance j farm of cubes a few inches in dirneu-HH||froin Brit ish territory into the | sions. These cubes lie in perfectly regu
lar, horisoutal	tiled floor.
Z
It is the
wh oh is most remarkable. It is in the
CLEISTOGAMOUS FLOWERS.
Oo not be dismayed by this long lame. It designates a peculiar class vt flowers, one which is particularly Interesting to the student of vegetable biology, and illustrates one of the most curious ways in which nature struggles against the extinction of a species. »
C le is tog a mo us flowers are flowers
without petals, which are self fertilized in the bud before the calyx opens, and which follow, during the summer
and early autumn, the complete flowers with petals which cease to appear after their early flowering season is ever. They may be regarded as ordinary flowers arrested in growth, so that they never open ; the pollen of the anthers fertilizes the pistil within the enveloping calyx and seeds are thus produced.
Take, for example, the common violet*—Viola culcullata V. pedata, V. sagittate and others. The complete flowers very rarely indeed produce seed.
Examine them and you will be surprised at the absence of pollen and the usual floral organs or reproduction. It took as close and painstaking an observer as Mr. Darwin to discover that violets, as we know them, ever gave seed. He found they do in very rare cases. They descend for seed production on their oleistogamous flowers—aborted flowers that are hidden out of sight at the ba*ses of the clustering leaves, as if the plants were anxious they should not be seen. Sometimes these pale, colorless blossoms, lie close to the ground or are even buried in it. If we force them open we find within the cap-like calyx a few anthers laden with pollen grains, and the pistil—the necessary organs to make a flower.
The name for this class of flowers is comparatively new, but the fact of their existence has been known for many years. Salmon, a writer of the time of Queen Anne, nearly two centuries ago says
violet consists of five petals, and a short tail; after these come forth the round seed vessels, standing likewise on their short footstalks, in which is contained round white seed, but these
•talks rise not from the stalks in which the flowers grew, but apart by themselves, and being sown, will produce others like unto itself.**
So, if yiu see a seed capsule on a violet plant you may be quite certain that It was none of the pretty blue blossoms that produced it, but that some pale, wan, deformed flower buried in the mould, or laying its head close to the earth—a flower you would notice as " queer " and regard, perhaps, as what it is, a floral abortion or monstrosity—was its source.
It is quite likely that it was in the violet—which is the most common plant addicted to the cleistogamic habit—that this peculiarity was first noticed, bub within the past thirty years	,	,	.
quite a list! of plants bearing this class «ho Swaziland frontier towards Am a	.
of flowers has been made out. The tonga land, about which there is a dif- the Great Northern and others, all seeds of cleistogamous flowers are ferenoe between the British and Trans- carrying an enormous traffic. With-quite numerous, so much so in fact, that vaal, Government, is watched. In tie out exception the companies announce as some anthers bear only about twelve southeastern districts, towards Zulu- that the holiday traffic has been unpollen grains, it is thought possible one land and Natal, the burghers have been preCedently heavy. -The prospect of grain may perhaps fertilize more than summoned to take the field at a mo- fine weather brought out the cyclists i m* ovule*	ment's notice, fully equipped for ser- jn great force, No fewer than 4,300
The seeds produced l,y oleistogamous vice. The railway entering the Trans- cycles were booked for Waterloo alone violets are contained in a three-celled vaal from Natal at Lang s Nek is urr- necessitating the provision of special capsule, and when the seed has ma- de, observation.	«	vaM Ior, 11,811 conveyance on all the
lured in Ml the valves, the latter con- been made to render it useless as a principal trains, and as many trum
mmMmrnmm
*¦*
vices to prevent it. Here poverl y com- |Jw HcJ w p Schreiner, that in the
pels her to it, and torreort to estrange	, 0f war the Cape Colony would
method of saving every precious pollen	in neutral, is one of great signifiera,n. My Taylor says :	cance
" In this bitter fight with P°vertJ. new
there is a touching episode savouring git nation of humanity. As much of the old show ' °»8 '«oatum
Is kept up as the plant can possibly afford, and there are few species which do not bear ordinary flowers, as if nothing were the matter, while the dwarfed and aborted cleistogamic flowers are hidden out' of sight as if the plant were anxious they should not be seln. The best possible is put on the case, and often not without good results for the occasional crossing the conspicuous flowers get enables the •eeds to gain back some of their old vigor or to stay off the evil days of extinction in which pure clelstogam-tem might end. The conspicuous How-ens are not borne e^ery year by some plants—they can net afford such a luxury. And one or two kinds bear flowers which are of no good what
the overflow of the great rivers.	THE DISTINCTION
Of regular British troops there ar. The Imo of juncture I» as clearly	-- gou.g'on Ti'th oratorIhat'to'your
at this moment in all South Afuoa marked as the cement in a laid floor	BACHELOR AND BABY.	little interruption for ten centuries ruption in politics you used the phrase,
¦HSB*
mam =£ SsSS
U.OOO. Two battenea of field artillery [t oontaina ten pocket», each with a h-whold matter or other, leaving	sclent time. and up tb the period wage war on the cigarette evil, and I
are under order», but have not yet left capacity of 200 ton» of ore. The out- him alone with the child. The boy of ^ oonquest and occupation by the felt sure we could rely on you In the
- - ssjw rnarM"**	«=-«*• «**-• —»—- "c,	^....
The ore is conveyed to the cove by H	11 , 1 n1 a* ‘	.	, protected. The country from one end business man, promptly, Good-day,
a tramway worked by an endless cable. f>r«e» anti had no idea of nuking casual t<> the other was the
divided between Ficrtermariizbuvg, Tbe ten pockets can be emptied in two acquaintances.	PREY OF RIVAL FACTIONS
the capital; Ladysmith, the junction of hours. On the shore behind is h re- The bachelor tri*l to make the little wko ravage<i ;t ceaselessly and with-
MTUrjtssssrs src ssas'SK stî	«.» ¦» ^ ¦¦ .¦rrrY-r -	- —
bu we. A post has been established at	series	of automatic hoppers, which	earning, the child burst out crying,	well as the small fry were squeezed	< g g-pi a ill,	uidy 1 ,	f
Newcastle, and it is proposed to form	dump	directly into the ship's hold.	Here was a	quandary, to be sure. The	and shorn constantly. To escape from	dira,	neweu—are iney iresn
a camp of observation near Lang s Nek.	The	output of the mine is 2,500	m;in didn't	dare to pick the boy up	the general robbery the natives, great
In addition to the regulars it is calcul-	Urns a	day, and a .«-hip of that Rapacity	and 800tbe	him. His attempts in the	and small, carefully concealed their
a ted that Natal can furnish a voluu- is usually loaded daily. But all records vcrt,a| ijne were dismal failures, leer and militia force of about 2,000 were broken last > >ek, when ti,300 tons yVhat should he do ? Finally a men, comprising a field battery, a bat- were loaded into the steamer Claudius taught struck him. He looked at the This
talion of infantry, and a body of about in seven and one-half hours.	crvmg Youngster, and the crying among them, so that to-day the natives
2LTZ5 fiïïïT - * — JÏÏÏÏMM-rf.l	S ....	*• --	? ?,.....	„.d
In Cape Colony there are about 4,- of mining and loading the ore is only The "hild obeyed.	1>aat aEes* It 18 estimated that mil- \ act s as thougl 8 •
00!I British regulars, comprising two 25 cents per ton. The cost of trans- "Louder yet,** urged the bachelor. liards upon milliards ot francs in gold and a half battalions of infantry, two porting it to Sydney, the site of the A yen went up that would have done li* idle in the hiding1 places of India, companies of garrison artillery and proposed smelting works, is 25 cents crvdit to an Ind'an. one company of engineers. All the more. This, at the market prices, se- "louder still,” insisted the man, and other regular troops being in Natal, cures a profit of at least $1 a ton. kjy did his bist to obey.
There are besides, the Cape Mounted The estimated output for this year is “Louder Ie* fairly howled the uncle.
Rifles, 1,000 strong, and the Cape police 300,000 tons.	f on t 1“ snapped the infant, and
1,900; and forty-four volunteer and Next year the syndicate proposes to shul his m;>uth, und was quiet for mounted rifle companies, about 7.VOO increase the output to 1,200,000 tons ^ rest of the day.
with batteries of eleven field and the present working force of 559 guns. In addition, special corps are men to 2,000. A new pier of similar being organized for frontier pervice capacity to the one now in use will under the officers recently sent out be built and another of the ore will from England
ployed in the protection of the railway line between the Orange River nnd Bulawayo, particularly the long section of it skirting the Orange Free State and the Tranyvaal. There will also be a post at Fort Tuli on the road from Rhodesia, crossing the Crocodile River into the Transvaal.
So far, then, the British movements
have been merely preparatory and by | to be a railway booking-office clerk
during the August bank holiday rush, says the London Telegraph
cross Transvaal
AND HE DIDN'T.
!
England. The distribution force at date is about
6,000 REGULARS IN NATAL
sir
FRESH LAID.
LUCKY ESCAPE
1.	Grimes—Yes, I thought if J ddin’t
hereditary 8*1 ber I should be crazy.
Miller—Aud you didn't get her, and
you haven't gone crazy.
Grimes—No; but the man who did
money and their values under ground habit beams
l
WANTED HELPING ALONG.

and it is known that this colossal trea- I I am now, said the barkeeper, as he
sure is in coin that dates back several I took the seedy gentleman by the collar, going to kick you down the street.
Hi ¦HBHHHHH	If you please, said the seedy gentle-
To the suffering and wretchedness ! man resignedly, would it be anymore
that poverty ordinarily creates the | trouble to kick me up the street, as
that the direction which I am going?
centuries
natives of India add the tortures
mon
equally painful, of an incurable
avarice, That is the thing which puzzles the observer and throws him off the right track. In that country all the poor and indigent have little hiding places where they put away their little treasures and guard them, watching their growth and never drawing from them, even in the face of famine or dishonor, danger or death.
AH around them and above them are the proud and the rich who do just as their ancestors did and remain exactly the same as they were, that is to say. insatiable hoarders, suspicious and cruel misers. They hide their gold in the vaults of old forts citadels aud add to it from generation to generation, from century to century. Like that, of Harpagnon. their beloved treasures, possess for them charms far more fascinating than those of their immortal houris and ot their
enchanting peris.	I Tom. you ask me to be your wife—to
The persistence of the Maharajah of ! give you my heart, my all. Think well Sindhi in petitioning the British Gov- j of what you say, and then tell me if
back to him the fort- | you will grant me me small favor.
Anyth ug you ask, my Love.
1 hen promise me that you never smoke another cigar as long as you live, i .
1 promise, dear.
And doesn’t it cost you a pang?
Not a pang. I'd rather smoke a pipe any da).
THE FOOL.
It chanced that the Miser and <he Spendthrift took ship together.
En voyage the Spendthrift bought much wine and sat long at the gaming table.
j he fool and his money son parti sighed the Miser.
Presently a storm rose, and the ship foundered, and they were all cast into the water, and the Miser, having his gold in a belt about bis waist, sank to the bottom.
The fool and his me ne y, observed the Spendthrift, sadly, lor he was a generous soul, don’t always parti
After that the Spendthrift swam to a raft, where ne starved to death.
DANGERS OF HYPNOTISM.
These are to be em
be u
vered to feed it
IE?
In a review of the medico-legal as-
pects of hypnotism, the question has been raised whether the hypnotized
can be injured physically or mentally by hypnotizatiou, and whether they thus predisposed to fall victims to
Sydney Kuh finds that
LONDON BANK HOLIDAYS.
Immeuse limine»» Done TlV;« by the
Hallway rompante».
are
Dr
hypnotism is a pathological and not a physiological condition ; that its Use when resorted to too frequently, is liable to bring on mental deteriora-Dr. Kuh cautions medical rrcn.
All things considered, it is best not
The flower of the
way of precaution.
THE ORANGE FREE STATE
From
has, as far as known, occupied the Van I morning till evening for three solid Keenen Pass at the frontier, on the
railway between (Harris worth in the	....	.	. .
Free State and Ladysmith in Natal. A cessions of holiday, makers making
small laager has also been formed at their way to the ticket windows at all
Rouxville, watching the passage ot the h London stations, and the clerks Orange River at Aliwal North, the
terminus of several lines of Cape Colony railways, and posts have been es- many tickets have been dated and de-
tablisihed at other frontier stations rvered by the sorely tried officials be-near the railways where they cross into the Free State from Cape Colony.
The roads from Kimberley are also un-	WÊ U
der observation, and the (Basutoland ( been able to cope with the mass of fig-frontier is guarded.
In the Transvaal, commencing with the north, the crossing of the Crocodile River between Fort Tuli in Rhodesia and Petersburg in the Transvaal Friday till noon Saturday some 360,000
is guarded. At Koomati Poort, whore tickets, and this leaves out of account
.....- -—-
western, Brighton and South Coast,
tion
and especially the public, to be extremely (cautious in placing persons under hypnotic influence, which may be the cause of chronic headache, or of an outbreak of hysteria it h/aisf a most serious effect upon preexisting mental disease; and it has been known to even produce an attack
of insanity	HH
wisely exhibited, hypnotism may be of wide benefit; otherwise it is beset with deplorable dangers.
and In
days there have been unbroken pro-
At times
THE TEST OF LOVE
have known the rest. Exactly how
In skilled hands, and
hind the peep holes cannot yet be told, for many of the companies have not
er/nment to give ness of Gwalior is perhaps remembered—a persistence that seemed
STRANGE INDEED,
will
ures presented to them, but it must be nearly a million. Five companies issued at their London stations from
NO SALE WAS MADE.
Agent—I should like to show you, madam, this patent bag to hold clothes pins
and, you see. slips along the line, making it much, easier to get at than to stoop to the basket every time.
Mrs
matter wid me moût* that costs not a blissed c'.nt an’ is always wid me, I'd like to knowl It’s mesilf that can howld a dozen o' pine and be sociable like over the fence to Mrs. O’Toole with the same bre.it, begorra!
not to say suspicious, because Gwalior was not one of the holy places, like so many others in India. After numerous petitions and intrigues the Maharajah at last won his case. The fortress of Gwalior was given back to him. And now quite recently the secret of his persistent effort has become clear to everybody who reads. He had concealed in the fortress of Gwalior an immense treasure in coined
It costs only twenty-five cents
HE KNEW ONE BURDEN
McLaherty—An’ phat's the
I'll bet I know what’s one White Man’s Burden! exclaimed the bad boy.
I .	_	J Willie! exclaimed his elder sister in-
goJd, and this gold had been put away | (Rgnantly, if you don’t stop peeking with such care near the corner stone ; inlo the y^lor when Mr. Jones calls of the fort, to which a subterranean , j*jj nev<)r give you the money to buy passage led. and closed u/p with such an mQre marbles. skill and cunning that n< b »dy in' ignorance of the secret could possibly discover the treasure.
In the pres dency or province of Bombay it is estimated that there are three bundled millions of francs in gold sovereigns which are preserved with
xkssss %%%%:: 3 » s?»»—» — *•» -
the fact, without counting the imag# thm sidi of the water.
India, as in China, the dragon is a holy | chaperons creature of celestial orgin, an inducement to be faithful to become enrolled among the beatified, so that they can live with dragons in peace and prosperity.
But unfortunately, the gods them-| the paper selves, and especially the gods of India, are very fond of gold. They | man, it refers whistle for it through the lips of their | doesn't get. priests. Obedient to the divine call, it comes, rippling from all points until it reaches the sacred parvis. It accumulates in the subterranean passages of the temples to which the priests alone have access. Thence it overflows and takes its place, like a proud conqueror, upon the altars where it shares with the gods the incense and the humage of the men whom it has bewitcl ed.
NOT QUITE.
It’s all up with met groaned prostrate man.
“No, it .isn’t, either! he exclaimed a moment later, ris'ng uncertainly to his feet and making his way across the sloping deck of the vessel to the star-hoard rail.
CHAPERONS MUST GO
the
Mr. De Style—How does it happen that our daughters are going around without a chaperon?
Mrs. De Style—I’ve dropped that


IT LOOKED LIKE A TRAP
Have you seen Timpson’s new trap? I guess it was his trap
A MALICIOUS HUSBAND
Any way, he had that rich Gilfeather girl in it.
Here is an article on The Right Kind of a Wife, she said, looking up from
MYSTERY OF GLOW WORMS.
It is an unexplained fact that glowworms are much more brilliant just before an approaching storm than at any other time.
1 suppose, returned the heartless
to i he one a fellow
t
AUTOMOBILES IN WAR.
The German military authorities estimate that by the use of automobile baggage-wagons, ambulances, and so forth, the mobility of an army in a
country of good roads can be vastly increased. In England, recently, a ' motor scout ” was exhibited. It is a petroleum automobile wagon carrying a Maxim rapid-fire gun. A variation of this type of waj' car carries two Maxim guns in revolving turrets, and an electric search-light. It is also plated with axmor, and driven by s sixteen horse-power engine.
Ell
WANT AD.
Found, a dog; a brindle pup;
Nor can I sell or shake it;
If anytxxiy wants a dog,
I wish they'd come and take it
A TERRIBLE THREAT
and, if correct, gives quite a feature to the whole South Afri-
Gco ge, said Mrs. Younglove, do you know that you have kissed me only
o n ( eflHHHHHHHIHHiHI
- during the past three hours. t Yes, he replied, and if you eat any more green onions I may make it three hours and a half next time.
HPH ¦	she could only tremble and wonder
Metals get tired as well as human | .£ ^ were to turn out that her love
Telegraph wires are better kad been misplaced, after all.
ahead of sunshine
HAVE NEED OF REST
Spain has more sunshine than any
country in Europe. The yearly aver-3,000 hours. In America it is
conductors on Monday than on Saturday, on account of their Sunday rest, ¦ n'ii a rest of three weeks adds %0 per cent, to the conductivity of a wire.
age is
2,100.
PAINTS AND DISEASE.
Recent experiments in Germany have
shown that bacteria die off inore
quickly on walls coated with oil paints
than on those where lime, sise, or • amel paints, and various proprietary paint preparations are used. Prof sur Loefler, in consequence ol these experiments, has recommended the use of oil paints only for the interior of houses, and particularly for hospital* schools and barracks.
ACCUSING CONSCIENCE
MUST BE A FALSE REPORT
It is hinted that Miss Tenapot is in, debted to the druggist for her complexion, said Miss Gazzam.
O, I can’t credit that, for I know her well, replied Miss Ricketts, In gu|t fact, lam her dearest friend
I suppose, doctor, you have often put an incurnb'e patient out of his misery, have ycAi not ?
That question, sir, I consider an in-
* JAPANESE LETTERS.
The Japanese address their letters
the reverse of what we do, writing the
country first, the state or province next, then the city, the street and number and the name last of all.
. MICE IN AM ORGAN.
An organist giving an organ rscltal recently in a church In South Wale*
by extra p d M- orbed
Why do you jump to the conclus*on Then she doesn't use cosmetics at ] that [ asked if you had ever killed
a patient? What I want to know la whether or not you give opiates.
of the pedal*
all?
Oh, ye* but she pays cash










###PAGE###7###

r
*

%
•
" Hie gun went off and shot him I flaw it all quite distinctly,’* Hath erine explained, methodically. "He gave a cry—oh, such a cry 1—and then he fell Do not change his position, Mark; it is useless; and he is lying just where he would have chosen to lie, could he but know it." Then her tone of horrbile calmness suddenly changing to one of the wildest despair, she exclaimed passionately, wringing her hands, " Oh, Blackwood, speak to me, speak to me 1 I will not believe that you are dead. Mark, save him ! do something for him ! Do you wish him to die, that you stand there s<> coldly, without an attempt of any kind to save him / Oh, my love, why cannot I lie there instead of you, so peaceful ly at rest?"
Her eyes «were dry and tearless, but hopeless misery was written on every lineament of her expressive face and she seemed to take no notice whatever of Sir Mark, who stood beside her in silence too stricken for consolation or speech of any kind, but waking slowly to the consciousness that ms wife—whom for all these peat months he had been cherishing in the fond hope that one day she would love him as he loved her—had long years ago given all the priceless treasure of her heart to another man.
And Blackwood—now for the first time he understood his evident reluctance to visit Warrenne Hall, a reluctance that at the moment had seemed to Sir Mark so singular Poor Craven 1 —though it appeared to Warrenne just then, standing there full of life and health above the dead man, that, if Blackwood had been carrying so sore a heart in his bosom, that he himself was carrying now, his lot was by far the happier of the two. At this point in his meditations the keeper appeared at some little distance among the trees, and Sir Mark went hurriedly to meet him.
HUSBAND AND WIFE KILLED.
WHERE the war cloud lies.

. 7_,
jp Sweet is True Love.
they Were Driving Arrow» Ike Itallroad
Hear Mud ay.
1
JUSX
îuoveee
A despatch from Lindsay, Ont., says: —Mr. and Mrs. George Hutherford, liv-the first concession of Emily
tIon—waiting until she discovers that his very soul is scarce his own—and
5
succeeded in imblttering bla whole existence, thinking it 'hard' that he does not turn round and humbly kiss her bund. No"-iwith a bitter laugh -"you have misjudged my character am a good hater, most of my tende feelings having taken flight si n o lust September, and 1 hardly find myself sufficiently moral to appreciate the benefits to be received by kissing the
proverbial 'rod.	«
"Oh, Blackwood,” she murmured, think, you twould be a little more merciful If you only know-how I hiiVP> longed for your forgiveness, and h<»w miserable I am without it.”
"I hope in reality you, are,” he ans-
*'What I Did not

9

r
?a
/
mg on
near Umemee, left their hume early on Tuesday morning to visit their son-inlaw, Mr. Isaac Windrim, of this town. The morning being cold and frosty,
the buggy-top was up and the occupants had their heads wrapped up, and this which is believed to have prevented them from hearing the approaching train ihe usual whistle for the crossing, and the next instant the train was upon their vehicle. The train was stopped, and Conductor Boundy and others ran to the spot, only to find Mrs. Rutherford dead, having been hurled about 30 feet, with a terrible wound on the left side of her head. Her husband was still breathing, although his shoulder-bone was broken, and leg crushsd above the knee. He died shortly before arriving in Lindsay. Mr. Rutherford was a well-to-do farmer, end highly respected. Both were about 60 years of age.
m


e
#

r
CHAFFER VI .—Coo tiirned.
'It would have beeo lonely enough without Craven” Sir Mark told her, ’although I can ecaroely cry him up as the joli test companion in all turn world, considering that he never open id his lips the entire way. And-would you believe it, Katherine f it was quite as much as 1 could do to Induce him to grant us the pleasure if bis society even for a few day» I 1 (old him I would complain of his conduct to you, and throw him on the tender mercies of a woman’s tongue. But,” he broke off somewhat anxiously, "are you feeling quite strong to-pight, my dearest t Your cheeks have lost all the bright color they rained in Italy. Did you go for your itrive this afternoon !”
|
begin-
X-.—-


o



m W
mtp! '•«pru^f • V£1L ' V/
*
I
»


it is
r
SOUTH

0

The engineer gave
r

FpiCA

n+f»V
• If
“I
f:

«MB


we red, savagely
your riches, after all, then, bring you the return you anticipated ? A just retribution, and one hardly to be expected in this world, where the undeserving mostly come by their own!
This is the last conversation in all
probability, I shall ever hold with you on earth, as I go away1 to-morrow morning early, and embark for India Ln another month or six weeks ; so I will waste no more hard words, having let you know, once for all, the esteem in which I hold you.”
As he finished speaking, he walked toward* tho window by which he had entered.
As she saw him moving away from her forever, as it appeared—this man, so cruelly unkind, so deeply loved, so irreparably wronged—Lady war-renne’s heart sank within her ; she burst into a storm of sobs, passionate, despairing and made one last effort
to obtain the pardon she, in her loneli- " Mr. Craven has shot himself, ’ he
ness, so eagerly craved.	explained briefly. " Run to the huose 1 mother and father welcoming home | five or six fans might be needed
"Blackwood," she cried, "oh, wait for or one of the nearest cottages, and moment more, only one I If you bring something to carry h.m home
would but hear me—if you only knew ®Ppp*”	.
all—you would not think me so base After what seemed to the silent as you think me now. Have I not suf- watchers an interminable, delay the fered also? Have you had all the man returned, bringing with him some peint Ah, surely, surely you will not farming men, and a rude impromptu go away forever without saying one litter, on which, with gentle, kind
kind word to me, whom once you hands, they laid poor Craven and bore	, ¦	II ¦¦	1
loved f"	him, in solemn, awe-struck speechless- thing in order for the expected guest s,. —which always makes work through
She held out her small hands to him nees to the Hall.	____
A«r.TjT"7£
wet with sad, repentant tears, and selfishness as he gazed with uneasy er s pies and cakes. the fate of i he pule drapery or furniture are needed. ;	and prominent in Methodist oir-
Blackwood, looking on, saw, as in some conscience at his nephew's corpse, and chosen gobbler has been sealed. He Only ch an a thing when it is appar-	this	place,
well-remembered dream, the same remembered, with deep remorse, for is in pUme condition and visions of e?Uy necessary—! or instance wash off
2»,t«5“XtiS &£SSniKtoSJ?fiyes V—™,‘J"“’:T SZAZrA£&AZ1£
so many months since.	to the happiness of the poor boy now fbt across the imaginations of the not apply to cleaning sinks and su< h
The sight of her hitter grief roused lying dead before his eyes.	youngsters who have come to spend tilings,
within him all the better feelings of They carried Blackwood up stairs, Thanksgiving at "grandma’s." Be- Brass and copper articles can be sent
ed the proffered hands.	not the faintest ray of hope to sustain dishes—the chicken pie. For to have a u, ,t vxouia oin 1	y streperous person to deal with beside
saSSa S*3	tr xrj?
: ISIP^ ¦ EhS™ SÉEeSü #####
keep you, my one love I ”	" I have come to tell you all about delicious home-made pickles, and pre- . KIVPn 1Y housewives.	would only take place after—
mêêê	HSU
after which she turned away despair-! makin* nothing worse, and waited vey to make sure nothing has been from cottons. Wash in quite warm command.
ingly, and he ^ssed out into the raw | when her sad history was finished, to forgotten. Her guests arrive early water, add a tablespoonful of borax to
cold air to meei the fate hat awai ed hear what he would say, to receive all thanksgiving morning, in wagon or each pail of water, rub soap into the
“	,	T , XXT	the hard words and harder reproaches	...... ,	, . , water—not on the woolens—and rinse
When ho was gone. Lady Warrenne ! which she felt she deserved at his carriage, ana with jingle of sleigh ^ two tB hot wulers. Iron before
went up to her own room, and dressed hands_to reap the fruit of her fath- bells if Nature has donned her white dry and they will look like new un-
srr.,s Æirs> -id —».
Perhaps it was the know- %J%t wL 111
/
British Territory «Vewn time**?
Open Railway* time Proposed „ n
ficele of Bo£)ieX Mile#
"Yea, I went to see Harry, irlne answered, ignoring the ning of his speech, "but the day was bleak, and 1 felt cold—so cold”—tightening her hands nervously. 'T think l will bid you good-night now, and go to my room, as it is rather late— rising as she concluded, and holding sut her hand to Craven. "Good-night, Blackwood," she said, quite calmly, but without raising her eyes to meet his, and, having pressed her lips to Sir Marks forehead, she went quietly
?
WAS HURLED FROM A BRIDGE.
HOUSEHOLD HINTS
r
I Aboal the House.
/ jÊti A very decorative lamp shade may | *“ ***** Oakville farmer^ Meets WHb .»
\\ÆTf be made of four Japanese fans. The
handle is cut just outside of the bam-4^444 boo, which passes through it, and the i fans are fastened in an upright position to a square shade frame of wire
Horrible Pen ill.
A despatch from Oakville, Ont., says:
—Mr. John Ion, a highly respectable
farmer, 70 years of age, residisg about
a mile from this place, was struck and
instantly killed by a westbound G. T. It. express, oua here at, 86.30 on Thursday morning. Mr. Ion had been to the station to get his morning paper, and was returning home along the track. He was in the centre of the bridge, which is about two hundred yards in length, when his attention called to the rapidly approaching train by the engineer of an east-
THANKSGIVING PREPARATIONS
It seems that Thanksgiving Day of
*way.	„ _
During his stay at the Hall, Craven paw but little of Lady Warrenne, he and Sir Mark going shooting, or being otherwise engaged out of door» the entire day until dinner time, after which Katherine avoided, with heedfulness that almost amounted to nervous horror, anything resembling a tete-a-iete. Nor, to tell the truth, was Blackwood by any means desirous to obtain one.
From the first moment when Katharine’s beautiful idolized face had pome before him again in the boudoir, be had never ceased regretting the step that had brought ham) once more under her influence, and longed earnestly for the hour that should see him buck in Loudon again, or with his regiment, or anywhere, so that he might et beyond the gaze of her large, un-
At last the mental tor-
so as to have the edges touching. This all celebrations of the year is the time over a bright light gives a very pret-
wben scattered members of every fam- ty effect if the fans have been well
chosen—the palm leaf fans are excel___ ,	... x , u _ j lent for this purpose when a strong,
XV hat more genial picture of cheer a < g[ea(jy light is desired without glare.
comfort is there than the dear old For a round shade it is likely that
ily should gather in the old home
F
was
When refurnishing some portions of
and
their sturdy sons and daughters,
perhaps sisters and brothers and cou- your house this autumn, if you would bound freight.
besides. For several days before save labor eventually, remember that	^tarted^to run, but was
and hurled twenty feet, striking a post and breaking it. The train, which does not stop here, w;as running at a high rule of speed, but stopped and picked up the body, taking it to the station. One leg, one arm, and the base of the
. Coroner Williams
one
sins
this great day the old house has been matting, with rugs, should cover (he
227 52M ™.r XSTuiS
wiping over and taking away the dust been unusual bustle in putting every- quietly takes less time than sweeping
i
There has
the kitchen and pantry
r
ii
Bume of whom probably arrive a day » ^[he^m'" mth goodtlu Z ' sk“11 wer* broken
pers, but few ornaments, pictures and
l
appy eyes lure he was enduring became so unbearable that he determined to end it one way or another, and, after passing a sleepless night, came to the conclusion that the next day—his fifth —should be the last of his residence at Warrenne Hall.
Having made up his mind to this, he determined to say nothing of his Intention until the morning of his departure, when he would find some excuse in his letters to leave by the early train, which started about an hour afar the usual breakfast Lime Feeling happier in his mind now that He had arranged his private affairs so satisfactorily, he started with Sir Hark about eleven to go through his ast day's shooting at the Hall.
It was a magnificent day for the iport they had im view, though de-iidedly cold and bitter for all those not imbued with a passion for outdoor amusements. Having ascertained from the keeper accompanying him the nearest way to the desired rendezvous, they walked on smartly for ibout a quarter of a mile, when Sir Hark suddenly discovered that he was without fuses or anything else wherewith to light his pipe, deed a serious consideration, especially &s Craven confessed himself in the same plight, and the keeper had evi-. dently been depending upon the other two both for light and tobacco.
"I will run back," said Craven, "Tell me where to find some, and I will overtake you in less than no time; or else I will go by the lower field and pick you up further on."
"Just step into the library by the French window," directed Sir Mark, "and you will find some on the table which I left there last night, in a little silver affair."
Thus instructed, Blackwood betook himaelf back once more to the Hall, where, entering the library by the French window, he suddenly came up-in Lady Warrenne, seated reading in è large aron/eftwr. It was the first time they had been alone since that last eventful day when he had bidden her what bad been intended to be a final farewell, so that now, finding himself In her presence in this totally unexpected manner, his courage and coolness deserted him to some extent.
"I beg your pardon, Lady Warren-ae," he began, pausing a moment before entering—he had never called her *Tlta* since his arrival, nor even Kath-irine, confining himself to her titl 'but Warrenne told me—I came back for some vesuvians of hie lying on the table."
Lady Warrenne rose gracefully.
"Are these what you are looking for ?" she asked, lifting the little silver matchbox and holding it out to

ENGLAND HAS A NEW WAR.
Take* tk«
khalifa, Wllh :*,### Mem,
Field Again.
tion
The Khalifa is

This was in-
SAW HIM BURN TO DEATH.
B. C.
A Flre-FIg;liter at Cascade t Ity,
Vaught by Falling Timber.
A despatch from Vancouver, B C_
says:—On Saturday a blaze wiped oui
the central block of hotels in Cascadi
Once more til worn out
Do not soak clothes over night. It
with childish
laughter ana the patter of restless lit- 8ets t^e dirt when the water gets cold, lie ieel. The^ beaming faces of beard- Loofc oyer tbe 8oiled pieces and rab
soap on the worst spots and put them in the tub with hot water to cover. _____„ Let them soak until the black stock-
fullest *n£s and woolens are washed and out
wash the white then the colored
tie teet. !
ed sons and matronly daughters show tnat for tbe time, at least, care and worry has been banished.
in the dining room the great table has been drawn out to its J _
..... ......—-------------- ,	,	.	- — The best linen ind china of the way
cold and heavy on her heart, pursuing	coming from the quarter whence she	bave been brought out; the room is	clothes	next and
her through the sighing woods and	had least right to expect them, did	decorated with the last autumn leaves	ones-
into the clearing beyond, like a dark,	more for her certainly than all the	Und the windows are filled with pretty	If the	kitchen floor	is	of	hard	wood
ill-omened thing, that never left her	harsh measures that could have been	growing plants. If there is no side-	and the	polish is of	the	right	kind	it
until, having gained a small copse on	used. She bowed her fair sorrowing	board in the room a small table will be
her right hand, she saw Blackwood	head upon her hands, and burst into	found convenient.
Craven walking before her, gun in hitter, albeit, soothing tears. __	1 f‘
fcend. She had seen him for barely
instant—nay, afterward it almost Mark
aeemed as though there was not a sec-	_
ond's interval—when the report of a and a harder fate, but yet, Katherine, before tbe guests are seated avoid a ___________________ _________
gun rang through the air, followed there is another who, to know that he great amont of hurry and rush later. .	...	1 tablespoon but- t
by a sharp, agonized cry that told waa loved by you a* he was loved ihe oupe and saucers, the nuts, fruit. ; 2 %blespoons cream tartar and a
Boll soft aud fry in bot wu
City. It was 12.30 in the morning when the fire broke out, in the busiest block of the beet built portion ol the town. The water supply was in. adequate, and soon the entire bloc* was a roaring furnace. In rapid suo cession, the Club hotel, Britannic hotel Grand Central and Railroad Headquar ters hotel succumbed to the flames and these were followed by F ranch and Miln’s and the Montana hotel.
Eric Arvall was burned to death while trying to save the Montana hoi el. Dynamite was used to blow up the Scandinavian hotel, and Arvall was
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I	Hie
I
ground
Iviifl6 it° was ‘lhe''sense of‘mmïng evÏÏ J Simple words they were In them-who shall say ?	selves, but surely heaven born in their
Hut there it lay. the laden weight, tender pity. Those few loving terms length
Then
" Do not cry, my dear," said Sir dinner, but which cannot all be put on	g y
"perhaps it is better aa it is. the table at once. The dessert and Poor Blackwood 1—his was a hard life, various other things, if placed there
SOME GOOD RECIPES
caught in the falling timber
Fried Cakes—Three eggs, 1 cup sug- | cries for help were piteous indeed, but
the intense heat warded off all assiste. The loss is estimated at $25,-
i

her too surely of death’s victory, and would gladly change places with Black- cream, sugar, etc., which are not ser-	.	f	,
Blackwood, with a dull, crashing, life- wood this moment. Oh, darling, I ved until the last, should also find a	,	, '
less sound, fell to the sodden earth. think of the two my portion is the place on the small side table. In
% Lady Warrenne sprang forward and harder to bear 1 But tell me now what order that the dining table should not	Reasoning—It is	a great	Dil,iaK
knelt down by his side, just as Sir you would wish me to do for you, and appear overcrowded, as few things are	when	you do not	cook your	seasun-
Mark, from an opposite direction, came 1 will do it."	placed on it as necessary. A pretty	ing into any vegetab!e when it is pos-	Brantford	Butcher Arrested a «large
hurrying up, having also heard both " I only want to go away—to be any-. linen centerpieoe adds much to the	g ble to do so. Sprinkling it on the	«r Vaille Mealing,
the gun's report and its attendant where by myself to be alone," Hath- appearance of the table lhen a	0ul8jde	does not have	the	same good	A despatch	from Brantford, Ont.,
w h..... srsr will°“ """" ssrwtft. stvx.:,-	a&i.—	—
her knees, and was pushing back the " So you shall," Warrenne answer- lhe ugly cl.iy pot may be concealed	» -	raki»—Three coffee	cuds flour.	HiHHHHH	II I
¦ HNHL	,	hair from his forehead, in a half-con- ed, bravely, although a sharp spasm under crinkled wh.te tissue paper, and 1 i e LaKe t \	,	.	„ , , lir mer, who is suspected of being impli" Yes, thank you," he answered, cold- gdous, dazed manner, when he reached of agony shot across and disfigured (he effect will be almost as pretty as a - cups sugar, 1 cup butter, 1 c p	cated in the recent cattle thefts near
ly, coming across the room to receive her	hif$ handsome Saxon face for an in- bouquet of cut flowers. The plates milk, 1 cup raisins, 1 tablespoon cm- QaU The Messrs. Carrick Bros., who
them from her hand.	" Katherine 1" he exclaimed, v what slant. " You shall go away by your- knives, forks, soup and teaspoons, salt namon, l of cloves, 2 eggs, add more were among those losing cattle visit-
Ae he did so. their eyes met, and a has happened?" stooping down and self, but not anywhere. I have anoth- an<* pepper receptacles, drinking glass- fruit if desired. Very nice when fresh. ^ ^he c-^_ on Friday, when a visit was wild unconquerable	desire	possessed	tearing open the young man’s coat, er estate in Warwickshire, a pretty, ea *®d napkins should be arranged in	and grows batter if kept a week.	paié to	Halmer's slaughter-house.
Katherine to be friends with	him at all	only to jay hia hpad upon a heart secluded place enough, that shall be neat ordei at each place. Such things Keeping Eggs—A simple way to keep	There the	men identified three heads
^•BUckwood. forgive me I” she wbis-	but t0°	had Cea86d t0	OW”	“ ,0U Wi"	p?ucèd on'tbe f»We wC,%d lb: eggs for winter use ia to grease them a.	J»	"and
pered. gently, laying her hand upon sir Mark feU h,g faca growing rold .. And	his wife asfced, looking ür«t oourae ta generally soup and it ta w.th fresh lard and stand on the ama •
B sr* HLü itsv-VirSi &	2,?,v‘“¦ tb-	nsLts&ïïzsvizîZ
me now at peace with my conacience-I could nQt be,ieve it 0nly half an hour •• Oh, aa for me," Sir Mark replied, .«"to the d.ning room ready for serving, when freah. will tell Mark	everything	this evening,	gi craven had been in such life endeavouring to apeak cheerfully, by |for Ihankag.ving it is generally oys-
and perhaps	some	day	I	shall	be	and apirit8_it appeared to Sir Mark turning away his face that she m gtat 8oup. and with it should be passed
SJS9HMHB1 HU ill®,IL L
mmmm
-Iehvheb
FOUND HEADS AND HIDES.
cr

ed a butcher named Augustus Hal-


I
then visiting the butcher shop three carcasses were found. Halmer will be. taken to Paris, charged with the theft.
endeavouring to speak cheerfully, by turning away his face that she m ght not see what havoc the last few hours such good spirits as that morning—I had Wrought upon it, "I shall go
and now—now----- Katherine, too; how abroad and return once more to my
did she come there ? It was no place old wondering habita I Do not trou-¦¦	, _	_	## j. She ble yourself about my welfare;
must bei got home in some way oroth- shall do very well, I dare say. But in He stepped forward and tried to your new home, Katherine, you raise the lifeless head from her sup I learn to be h porting arms. She pushed him from ever been In _¦
Quince Honey—Three pts sugar, 1-1-2 pts of water and 1 pt of grated quince.
4
SCUTTLED THdid SCHOONER.
Men heateneed to eSlx Wears far Defrauding Iw arnmee Vompnnles
Fire
A despatch from Guysboro’, N. S., says:—The trial of Otto Fel mm and Percy Monroe, charged with conspir-
( aa ta nies by scuttling the schooner Potato Souffle—Select for baking | juventa in order to secure insurance
nt of HHBMPlMMi
potatoes as near of g sise as pos sible, cuit off each end ; when baked
OH a
transferred to another vessel bo-
pu I , L II	! .	. fore the Juventa was sunk, ended on
scoop out inside with a spoon, being vhxkTn^&J [n conviction, aud the mm
careful not to break tbe akin. Ada | were sentenced to imprisonment for to the potato bull ter, salt and suffi- i six years, cient hot milk to make quite soft, beat The Mannheim and China were tbe till very light and smooth, fill the I insurance cimpanisa interested. Sixty with this and place on end in n | cases of lobster were shipped, and i
was
battered pan on the oven grate =
tmmmm on top
placed for 400 cases. The
Tbe potatoes will I sixty were tuken *•- ^iet ! e and puff up if sufficiently beaten. Nice for 11be conspirators pocketing bt eakfast
m'-mr-e w
seld.








i
###PAGE###8###



-


—Carried unanimously.
Mayor Kennedy moves, seconded by Mayor Parker, that this Council do now adjourn.—Carried unanimously.
Wm. LeRoy,
Sec.-Treasurer.
The Government offers the town of Buckingham 85,000 to build a post office building, tho site for which will cost the town $3,000.
r

Kash is King.
o
o


L..

I GAME
O 0000000000O00000000000 o	o
MY TERMS
ARE
o STRICTLY CASH, o
OoooooooooooooooooooooO
By adhering closely to this rule it enables to do watch and clock repairing, mid sell everything in my line at
QUR GROCERY DEPT.
o
o
To Sliawville to visit a friend a couple of weeks ago.
CORRECTIONS IN PRIZE LIST.
o
o
o
o
The following are corrections of some of the prizes given in the list published last
week :
W in. Binkley's special omitted l»v Brown Stout am! bis family .
Auim : 2nd, Thus. Reid : "Ird, Tbos, Sharp* (th, l). Bussell.
I SAW
Won
1st, .1 os.
A. It. McGuire's Immense stock of choice Fall Suitings and was induced to try a suit.
We don’t often mention Tea in our ads. because of the good we have so long-only mention this for the reason
me
1st. Janies
Mare and Foal (gen. list Steele, instead of A. Me-Knight ; Xrd. ! Smiley instead of .lames Steele.
reputation which
HOCK BOTTOM PRICES.
I CONQUERED

>
i'vncv Bro
?
enjoyed, and we line of goods now that we believe
Bryson's special for hut let 1st instead of I*. Dumas.

cm
All my former trouble. It fits so well, looks so neat is extra-well finished. It pays to get the best and his prices are so low.
My work is guaranteed for a Year.
Min. Barnett 2nd instead
Bag Carpet, of M i s. Hynes
Our goods are guaranteed a $’s worth for a $ every time • # • • •
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
have struck a line of Japan Tea at our pop-
25 cents—which is of unequalled
we
There has been quite a stir the past week or so at Messrs, (iihnvur <V 1'ugh depot, the hustling agent, Mr. Uobb, being there giving out jobs of saw-logs and ties and thereie every indication ut there being a busy lumbering seas n coining. ltev.
GOODWYN
ular price
value. We have given samples to a number of

son s
-The Watchmaker-ARNPRIOR, .. •• ONT.
!
our customers who know what Tea is, and on their recommendation we have secured a large consignment.
*e **+#»*+*»#+*+#** •	u
Mr. Flannagan, of Montreal, preached in St. James’ chuich here un Sunday.
Mr. I). Lunam, of Campbell»' Bay, was at the Otter Lake House Monday and
the public the restoration of the con necting link between the two great pro Province of Quebec,	1	vtnces, Quebec and Ontario. 1 made
Municipality of Fust Division	reference to the grants from the local
of County Pontiac.	J	Governments on a former occasion, and
Minutes of general quarterly session of although you are no doubt aware of n'l the Municipal Council of the First Div this, 1 thought it my duty to officially of the Corporation of the County of refer to the grant from tho Federal Gov-Pontiac, held at the Council Hall in the eminent, village of Bryson, on the thirteenth day September, eighteen hundred and ninety nine, at the hour of ten in the forenoon at which session were present, the Walden, G. H. Brabazon, Eeij., Mayor of the village of Portage du Fort, and the following county councillors, viz :
County Council Minutes
OTTAWA & BATINEA.1I RY
I

Tuesday.
Messrs. 1). Lunam and W. B. Latleur went to Campbells' Bay Tuesday.
Mr. John Thompson, of the Bay, arrived here Monday on business, and went down again on Thursday.
One more word and I have done. I be- Mrs. Ben Smith, Cuulonge road, who lieve 1 am voicing the feelings of every has been spending a few clays at her member of this Council when I express father's, Mr. Sam. Wilson, Green Lak**, my deep regret at missing the familiar J Clarendon, accompanied by her daughter face of our old friend, the 14 Father of the Council, ' George Palmer, E<rj , late mayor of Leslie, Clapham and Huddersfield, from his seat at this Council in consequence of ill health. His long experience Mr. Thomas Sheppard passed down in Municipal matters gave great weight flum Crow River Wednesday, to his opinion while his gentle and cour* ; Messrs. Thus. Tubman & Gregory At* teous	demeanor made every one his	ktnson, of Grcermount, were the guests
friend.	So much 1 hops 1 may say with-	0f Mr. llobt. Queulj Wednesday and
out intending the slightest disparage- Thursday.
F. C. Dezouchv, Mayor of the (village of mont to his successor-in-ofiice Mr. Thus. Miss L ove was the guest of Miss Bryson.	Parker, and I fervently hope—we all Oueale Thursday.
F.	E. Lasallv. Mnyor oi the towns up .	|10pe—that Mr. Palmer may speedily re Messrs. Harry Luaam and T. B. nnott,
Tho“.^upore'aiiivor of the township of cover his health.	, of Litchfield, were u|. the Ihckauock
Chichester. *	After discussing the report of the Ad- Thursday.
Tims. McFnvlane, Mayor of the township viaory Committee which was read, Mayor Mr. McManus, of Campbells' Bay, was of Clarendon.	liennessy, seconded by Mayor Puupore, up this way Thursday.
X\ m. Sharpe,	Mnyor of the	\	i.mgv	o	"i	movej	that a committee composed of	Mr. and Mrs. Martin Grace, of Vinton,
s.40 Tliw. Parker,	Mavor of	the	united town-	Mayors Thos. McFarlane, XV. H. Mere	passed here Thursday un their way to
ships, Leslie, Claphanvetc.	ctitli, Paul McNally and M. Hayes to- : Gracefield
Ed. Bamford, Mayor of the Townships of get her with the Warden be appointed to Mr. John Johnston, surveyor, of Mansfield and Pontefract.	look over the different rolls and also the ! Thorne Centre, arrived here Friday.
\\ in. Mooney, Mayor of the tuxMi^.np oi Bevising Committee’s report, and draft a Mr. Wm. Farrell and Mis. J,,hn I'.u-
7 is \vVn H*Meredith Mavor of the village resolution homologating the rolls.—Car Fel, went to Arnprior Fiiday. and Mis, of Quyoii.	*	lied unanimously.	Lilly Farrell has gone to N >rth Bay.
G.	F. Bod,gins, Mayor of the village of The following bills or accounts were The Missus Annie Moore and Lave,
Sliaxvvillc.	read and laid upon the table, viz :—	left Oiler Like on Finlay for C.mq hells'
M. Hayes. Muj-ot of the united townslups N McCuaig, $1011; A. MeL.an. 8175; i;ay, Lïryaon and Calumet hlamt, rotuiu
ÆlAÆofthaMmthpuAof J...F.M«Ruÿç.WW. Tu,.l@»73
Onslow.	Mayor F. C. JA/juche moves, second
George I)agg\ A fay or of the t >wn>liip of ed by Mayor das. liennessj, that the Saturday Thorne.	bills of Messrs. McCuaig, McL.au and
P. McNally, Mayor of 1hv town-lnp --I McGuire be paid.- Carried unanimously.
Janivs * Xdams, Mavor of the united town- The Council now adjourned for lunch, ships, Waltham and Brvson.	to two in the afternoon, on motion of
form.mi a quorum of the Council under Mayor Jas. tiunnessy, seconded by May-the presidency of the Warden.	or McNally.
The minutes of last session were road, Pursuant to adjournment the Council approved, and signed by Warden, on the re-assembled, the same members being motion of Mayor liayes, seconded by present.
Mayor Hennessy.	The report of the committee appointed
The Warden in his opening remat ks to examine the valuation rolls, and ad vis-said :--It is very gratifying to me to be ory committee was now read and laid able to inform the Council that a set- upon the table, which is as follows :
NEW SERVICE, MODERN EQUIPMENT, tlement of the disagreeable and vexatious We the undersigned members of your
lawsuit with Clarendon has been effected committee appointed to report upon the in strict accordance with the conditions of revision of the valuation rolls of the local agreement made between the litigants at municipalities of the County of Pontiac the last general session of this Council, suggest that the basis of revision of the which 1 am sure all will consider a mat- rolls of the local municipalities be as fuller for congratulation.	lows, viz :—(See 1able marked “ A
Clarendon has paid its indebtnesa to another column.) this Council in full, which has enabled us Moved by Mayor W. H. Meredith, sec-to pay off all claims against the county and ended by Mayor Jas. Adams, that the replacing a considerable sum to the credit port of the committee appointed tu re of our sinking fund account, leaving a port upon the revision of the valuation small balance to our créditât the Bank so rolls of the local municipalities be accept-that in future it will only require a little ed and as so revised and amended, be promptness on the part of the local mu- and are hereby homologated, nicipalities to avoid the necessity of fur- Moved in amendment by Mayor Paul (her borrowing.	McNally, seconded by Mayor LaSalle,
The time has again come around when that the valuation of Allumette Island be we are confronted with the difficult pro- raised to $275,000, instead of $138,100, blem of equalizing the valuation rolls, but and that the valuation of the township of this important woik should be greatly fac Clarendon be raised to $600,(KM) (instead dilated bv the report of our advisory of $485,700, and that with the amend-board. You will remember that one of the ments the valuation rolls of local munici-agreements with Clarendon that was this palities in the county be and are hereby Council should.send out a committee of homologated.
three special valuators for the purpose of For the amendment:	The mover ai d
making comparisons in the different mu- teco ider.
nicipalities with a view of ascertaining I The main motion declared carried, how the local valuators had done their A letter from Mr. John Connolly, of work, as well as to compare one munici the Tow nship of Clarendon re. a mile of pality with another throughout the road he wishes made on the Townline be County and to procure all possible infor- tween Clarendon and Bristol was read, mation which would assist the Council in Mr. Connolly being present was permitequalizing the rolls and distributing the ted to address the Council on his own be grievous burden which has unfortunately half. After discussion over the question been laid upon us in a fair and just man- of a road on the Townline between ti e ner, so that no municipality may com townships of Clarendon and Bristol, it plain of carrying another’s load.	was moved by Mayor D. Kennedy, stc-
1 must say that the Council was very onded by Mayor G. F. Hodgins, that Mr. fortunate in the choice of its committee. John Duff', of the township of Bristol be The gentlemen chosen are men of superior appointed special superintendent to lay intelligence and ability and thoroughly out a road on the Townline between the competent to perform the woik, and not townships of Bristol and Clarendon from only that, but they enjoy the confidence i s intersection by the main road, known of this County, and 1 venture to say, that as the Calumet road, to the eighth line of with their report and the assistance they Bristol, to draw up a proces-verbal of the can give us, the task of equalization will same and report at the next session cf be considerably lessened and let us hope this Council, the cost of the construction satisfactory to the whole County.	and maintenance of said road and also fur
Just a word about the Interprovincial «P^ial superintendent to be borne Bndke in which all are interested : lam equally by the townships of Bristol and much pleased to tell you that the Gov- Clarendon. Carried unanimously, ernment are at present preparing plans and specifications, and I am informed by Mr. Thos. Mackay, M. P., that as soon as
they are ready, tenders for the piers will	examine that part of the road askod for lying
be called for. 1 also wish to state that	oi the Townline between the towns! Qsif
while we met with kindly assistance on	Bristol and Onslow, between the O h and
every hand, to Mr. Mackay largely be-	'Jth ranges of the townsh'p of Onslow;
longs the credit of getting the magnificent	where absolutely necessary to deviate
Ticket, to Europe and «11 parts of the world l.y all sum of 820 000 from the Federal Govern- from the line and if a roadcan be made,
American and Cunudjigw1 .u«whip lines, also Cook's menG which together with (the gran! of	to report as near as possible the probable
lours.	^	$5,000 from each of the local Govern-	cost, and also where deviations are made,
[nen‘s of Quebec and Ontario assures to	at what point and how far from the line.
CHANGE OF TIME
Summer time card as below will take effect May 15th. 1899.
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa. mo. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa No. 3 Train Leave Ottawa No. 4 Train Arrive Ottawa No. 5Train Leave Ottawa.
No. 6Train Arrive Ottawa No. 7 Train Leave Ottawa
No. 8 Train Arrive Ottawa Nos. 1 and 2, daily except Sunday.
Nos. 3 and 4 daily except Saturday and Sunday.
Nos 5 and 0 Saturday only.
Nos. 7 and 8 Sunday only.
For tickets and further information apply to E. C. Arno di, Ticket Agent. 9i Spark
°r 31 CeUtral ChpmwrRES8EWM-AN.
Gen'l Sup’t.
tsion
5.20 p.m «j.dO a. in S.oo a. in 6.45 p.m
1.30	p.m 8.15 p.m
9.30	a.in 7.38 p.m
OUR 20 GENT TEA IS A PEACH,
And our DUSTINGS at 10 cents
Alice, went up hume Monday.
McNabb was at the Otter House Tuesday, on his way to Crow River.
Mr. W in
Have the flavor and aroma of tho genuine 25 cent goods.
\
P. Jovee, Esqi\, Mayor of the township of Aldtteld.
James llennessy, Mayor of the village of Chapeau.
Jas. E. McGuire, Mayor of the township of Allumette island.
E. Graham. Mavor of the township of Bns-
f
y
Pontiac Facile Jonction By.
HODGINS & SON
E
tol
O
%
Official Time Table :
A.M
P.M
Arrive 9 45 “	9.21
Aylmer tBreckenridge t Eardley Parker’s Crossing t Mohrs Q,u y on Wyman's tTanK Bristol McKee’s Shawvllle Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank t* Vinton CouJonge • Mellon’s Waltham
?Flag Station. tTank. t Flag Station
5.45 Leave
6 0J
9.06
6.12
8.58
6.18
4 4
8.50
P
o
o
6.26
6.37
8.22
44
6.47
8.14
44
6.56

6.08 8 02 7.52
6.58
7.04
7.26
7.31
7.45
4 4
8.00
7.16
4 4
8.03

7.0V,
8.12
0.54 6 39
8.30
8.47
"10MB AND SBB US
C Pontiac's Greatest Furniture Store !
Lea ve ti.cO
8.55 Arrive

in g Sunday.
Mr. Arthur Q i'?a!e wint t
\lït yn
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway lit Aylmer
Missis. J.um-s U bh and .1 dm J-h
Ktzabuzja Saturday.
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
at on, went t
S.xs-s Cekkm 'Ml
at •
MAM ATLAEC
SEP- I
HONOR BOLLS FOR
TEMBER.
4
School No. 3, Thorne West
TIME CARD,
IN EFFECT MAY 1st, 1889.
Car-load of Goods just added to our . . . Extensive Stock. . . .
s
t
2, Maggie {, Arthur Someiville. Grade
Grade 111	1, Lena Judd
Me Leary
II. —1, Howard Lu in mis; -, ( ' trriu Ham Jon; J, Ida Atkinson, [’rimer 11 Silas Somerville; -, Maty Tubman. Class 1, senior. 1, Maggie Judd and Bernice Dale equal; -, Florence Rooney J, Eva Judd. Ciass I, Junior. —1 •*n Louisa Lu m mi ? ; 2, Mary Stewart; J Charlie Luinmis. Attendance—1. Bur nice Dale; -, Lena Judd; •*», S. Sot;.or
il Lummis, L
1
Trains daily between
OTTAWA St MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 21-2 HOURS.
Come where you have the advantage of selecting from a big, wide ranging
and well-assorted display.

Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
Local -stops nt all intermediate stalk'iis. Ar-iives Montreal 9.50 a. in. Valleylield, connects Coteau Jet. for Cornwall and points west.
a 6.25 A.M,
ville; 4, M. Stewart Lummis and G. Lummis t<|U:tl. Punctu
Maggie and
Elegant Parlor, Dining and Bedroom Suites,
Spring Mattresses—all the diHerent makes,
Fibre Mattresses,
Chairs—an endless variety, ranging in style from the most beautifully finished to the plainest kitchen article.
altty — 1, Bernice Dale 2 Lena Judd equal; J, Mary Ann Stewart Conduct—1, Mary Ann Stewart; 2, Mag gie Judd; 3, Bernice Rile.
Au K Smiley, Teacher
l>	4 vr Limited- stops Alex.-m-
ct OstO	andria only
Montreal 11 15 a.m. Pullman parlor car attached.
Sundays only—stops at intermediate stations. Arrives Montreal 11.55 a. m. Pullman parlor ear attached
Arrives
Td 8.45 A.M.

Local — f«r Rock’and and intermediate pis. Limited—Stops A1 dria and Coteau Jet. only. Arrives Montreal 0.50 p. m. Pullman parlor car* atta. lied. Connects with trains for Quebec, Portland, Halifax and all points east of Montreal. For ValleyfieUl and all points south of the St. Lawrence River, St. Albans, Burlington, etc. Arriving Boston 7 a. m., New York 7.20 a. m. Has through Wagner sleeping car. Ottawa to New York.
---Local—stops at internmli-
Arrive Mon-
a <>.40 A.M. a 4.20 P.M.
Sun ol No. 4, Clarendon
exan
Grade IV—1, Muriel Stru t; 2, Jessie Strutt; 3, Keitha Knox; 4, Herman Knox, («rade III. —1, Louilft Armstrong; 2, Eva McDowell and Beit 1 McDowell equal; 3, Lawrence Belsher. Grade II. — 1, Eva Hobbs; 2, Milton Belsher; 3, Parley Belsher; 4, Gertie Wilson. Primer II.—1, Mary Corrigan; 2, Intz Wil-3, Irene McDowell; 4, Mary Steve: -Primer I.—1, Phtb* Corrigan; 2, Latitii Wilson ; 3, Winnie Knox; 4, Lulu Wilson.
TO INTENDING BUYERS

Everything entering i n t « » tin- immufaet ure nt I'm
We oiler a word of adviet nitnre i> advancing in cost. and eoiisei|uehtly the price of tin* finished artiele niu-t flu* advantage of buying at once is therefore obvious. Our priées have
()»•}») 1 .M. ate stations treal 9.45 p.m. Connects at Coteau Jet. for Cornwall. Kingston. Toronto, Chicago, etc. Has Pullman car to Montreal.
go up
been grade* to suit the conditions of trade and at the same time 'haved down to tin* lowest reasonable ligure, us an inspection of our mammoth "took will con
s m
son
\ nice
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot
a 7.45 A.M. Lo"al-Ul a 11.20 A.M.
Rockland and intermediate points. Local—from Boston. New York, New England and New York points, Montreal, leaving at 7 :;o a. m. Stop at local stations. Has Wagner buffet car New Yorkto Ottawa
UNDERTAKING.
Mabel Armstrong, Teacher
No. 2 S' iiooL, Bristol
This Branch of our business Is fully equipped In every particular and all calls receive our most careful and prompt attention.
Grade IV, sr.--1, M. E. Darkness. Grade IV. jr —1, Etta Shirley; 2, Annie Duff; 3, Amne Cuthbertaori; 4. Duncan Ctmpbell; 5, Lewis Hark ness; <1. Herbie Cuthberfs >n; 7, Tolbert McCorriston. Grade 111 —1, Eva Shirley; 2, Leslie McCredie; 3, Annie Angus and Willie Stewart equal ; 4, Donald Dull and Ethel Anderson tqual. Grade II, sr. — 1. John Dads; 2, Alice Duff; 3, Elton McCredie; 4, Edna Cuthbertson. Grade II, jr.—1, Leonard Angus; 2, Mabel Stewart; 3, G >n o i Campbell. («rade I, jr.—), John Caldwell; 2, Roy Duff; 3, Marcus Docs Grade I, sr.—1, Edward Hearn and Mary Angus equal ; 2, Maggie Hearn, Ellison Shirley and Elton McCuniston equa
Limited — from Montreal and pts.
east, leaving there at 9.40 a.in: Stops at Alexandria onlv. Has Pullman parlor car.
>	V» OK Y)	. Limited—from Montreal
Qt DiuO 1	leaving 4.05 p. m. Stops
A*t Alexandria on/v. Has Pullman parlor car. i\ awk O	Dailv— Local— from inter-
• fïWM i • IVi • mediate points. Cornwall. Kingston. Toronto and points west. Has Pullman parlor car.
a 12.10 NOON
CUTHBERTSON & GRAHAM,
v -V
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
SHAWVILLE, QUE,
MAIN STREET,
SAVAGE Repeating Rifle.
Ottawa Amprior, & Parry Sound Ry,
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
For Amprior. Renfrew, Eganville Pembroke, via P. 8. Ry., Barry's Bay, Whitney, Canoe Lake, Parry Sound and intermediate points.
For Amprior Renfrew, Eg
___	Pembroke, via P. 8,
K y, Barry's Bay, Madawaska and intermediate pts.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central depot :
-a d\ Oik 4 AY. From Madawaska, Pem-
AiJl* broke. Eganville, Renfrew, Amprior and intermediate points.
K Klk 1> Af From Parry Sound, £)#£>V 1 «AI» brokf, Eganville, Renfrew
8.00 A.M.
A -
r#
r
-7.


4.25 P.M.
I
anville

Lila Smiley, Teacher
Moved by Mayor Graham, seconded by Mayor McFarlane, that special superintendent Jas. O Donnell be instructed to
1899 Model.
Calibre .303.
No. 2 Si hool, Clarendon
o
Grade IV.—1, Mary Cuthbertson; 2, Henry Johnston; 3, Harold Carson ; 4, Annie Johnston. Grade II. — 1, L’zzie Lynn; 2. Edna Cuthbertson. Grade 1, sr.—1, Ernest Johnston; 2, Sherwood Cotie; 3, Clarence Carson. Grade I, jr. —1, Earl Cotie; 2, Willie Carson ; 3, Willie Watson.
Pern
ORIGINAL IN EVERY FEAT! RE,
POINT BLANK RANGE FOR HI NTING,
ONE RIFLE FOR LARGE ANDSMALL GAME SIX DIFFERENT CARTRIGKS.
SMOKELESS, HAMMERLESS SIX SHOOTER,

Amprior and intermediate ]«oints
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot Rnssell House Block.

Write for Catalogue and Circulars, free
SAVAGE ARMS COMPANY
UTICA, New York, U, S. A.
9
M. E. Cokriuan, Teacher
Jffini run daily except 8vnday Sunday only.
