###PAGE###1###
ERREUR(S) DE NUMEROTATION
I
J
1

1
SIIAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., WEDNESDAY, NOV.
81.00 a Year in Advance.
No. It?—17th Year.
1800.
•>

On Monday night last, Mr. J. K. I>«»1- Mr. and Mrs. Hen. Smith, an, of the Hat tray House, l\ I>. Fort, Mr. XVm. Elliott, of Shawville, was at gave a very pleasant banquet to Mr. the Otter Fake House on Thursday.
I Wit. Smiley, it being the eve of the oe Mr. Alfred Ilobin, of North Clarendon, easion of his marriage to Miss i vtt ie was also here Thursday.
Fades. About twenty of Mr. Smiley’s Dr. McNally, of Campbells' Day, was friends sat down to the delightful spread down to ('lapham on Thursday.
Mi. John Thompson, oi I' »rtage du » paid a bight tri- Fort, was at the Otter Lake House The remainder of Thursday, on his way to Lake des
)
BANK OF OTTAWA
The Reliable Bargain House,
66
Hvml Office Ottawa Canaria,
Capital (fully paid up) . $1,600,000.00 Heat.................
OF CANADA.
. $1,170,000.00
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000 RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000
JJ
Board of Directors :
Charles Maoke, Esq., President.
G boro B Hay, esq., Vice President.
John m ; H Kit, i n Davih Mac La hen. Euq,
especially prepared by the host and Ims tes», to which every one bute of appreciation,
the evening was then devoted to speech-1 Mauves, making, songs, mutual conversation and Mr. F. Murtagli, lumberman, arrived sociality. The little incident is but a at the Otter Lake House Friday, on his slight evidence of the esteem in which wav down.
Mr. Smiley is held by the people of P. Mr. Lecdon, representing several AlI). F. Much credit and praise was very i monte factories, arrived at the ( Hter justly accorded to Mr. and Mrs. I>«'lan | Fake House Friday, for the kind thoughtfulness shown, and
Henri Office, - Montreal.
Row. Oeo. Il h v son, Jk Alex. Fiiaheh, Ekq ,
—f
1)1 N .NM MlRlIlY, EKQ.
Fully prepared for Fall and Winter trade, with an immense stock of high class goods, bought right and marked
at prices to make business lively...
Nearly every line of goods has advanced in price ; some are still advancing. Early buyers will save money, as later purchases cannot be sold at present prices.
SHAW VILLE BRANCH.
Geueral Manager, .. . Manager,
0BOROEBURN 1). M. FINNIC
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of I ho world.
HAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
« in the DdiiiIii
Mr. Cha*. McColgan, arrived at the
fur the* splendid supper prepared and !( •tter Lake llotiso in charge uf a large provided fur the occêimon,	| gang of men for the Gillies liros’. C
Friday.
Mr. George Robb, of Kazubnzun, arrived at (.iilmour & lliighson’s depot
,The «"«'•»! Har™st TlvmUgivin# «er- I	’mcd'À" •il!''^Clarendon,
vice was I,el,I m St. .lame s clmroh on H,ls huru Friday an,1 Saturday.
Hairs,lay evening Oct lift h ! he Hoping tho editor enjoyed liimself in church was beautifully decorated with the wwls, UI1(, th;lt huJ W0Dt f(irget ,0
fruit and vegetables by members of the 1	-	n
choir. The attendance was unusually
large, the church being tilled, and the
service conducted by the incumbent,
Ret
Drafts Muni on all Banking po«nte Ion. United States and Or-at Britain.
Notes and Bills collected.
Interest allowed on R'-poelt Rectii-t at current rales.
Sums of |l and upwards received 11 Savings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Hours 10 a. m. to 3 y. to. hutuidaylOa. in. to p. m.
n
10 A.M. To 3 P M.
10 A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER.
Manager
Office Hours Saturdays .
BRYSON
Have you tried Dowd's 14 High Loaf ’ Flour ?
LOCAL NEWS.
send a piece of
hANs Ceremonie.
......	-	i « Those who have a desire to witness some
It. WamngUm was exceedingly d celulti,| phenomena will have in
bright and hearty. I he Uev W. t • opportunity, should trie we«ther he favor-Fitzgoiuld, of guynn, preached a most Lb, „ (he 12th and 13th of November, appropria e and eloquent sermon from | That wi„ be the „me for the gmt ab„wtr
the text •( onsider the lilies how they „f ,0 calIcd fallin atars. About the 13th grow; they toil not; they amn not; ail, ()f Xovember every year there is an un-vet I say unto you, that Solomon 111 "" usual fall of ihe.e brilliant meteors, but bis glory waa not arrayed like one of LVery 33 years! he diaplay ia wonderfully
Are you using Dowd's Flour Î
Mr. Jas. Hodgins, we regret to say is seriously ill at present.
Mr. Albert, son of Mr. Wm. Judd, of (ireermount, ia at present in the hospital at Mattawa, suffering from typhoid fever.
( hi Sunday evening, Nov. nth, at 7 p. in., the Kuv. K. Warrington will preach a special sermon to his brother Orangemen in t he Anglican church, Dark man.
BUSINESS CHANGE I wish to Inform my lady friends and patrons that after Nov. 1st, 1 intend removing my stock of millinery to my residence on Main Street, (next to J. Brownlee’s blacksmith shop) where, as usual. I will be found with a choice and complete stock of fall and win-
Your
ter millinery, spectfully solicited
patronage re
This week we ask you to think of
M RS. J A MK8 McCREDIK
UNDERWEAR
Bryson, Oct. 30, 1899
!/rand. In 180) the scene as witnessed here was very beautiful: one meteor seemed to the naked eye nearly as large as the moon. In 1833, on the night of The Shawville Roller Mills in Ac-1 the 13th of November, these bodies fell
all over North America and far out on the Atlantic. The negroes on the south-On Wednesday morning last the Shaw- I ern plantations thought that the end of ville Roller Mills made their formal debut h*li things w»s at hand, and thousands of to the public. The Hour manufactured so them fell on'heir knees praying for mercy, far is of the highest quality. In point of | Mar y white people were badly frightened.
I king the world was about to be burn-
Editor Equity,
Dear Sir :—
l have received many letters asking if is is a violation of the Game Laws to kill take a doe. The word doe being used once or twice in the Game Laws to describe the female of a moose deer, hence, doubtless, the misunderstanding. Allow me to say in reply that the Game Laws do not prohibit in open season, the killing of a doe, that is the female of the red deer, but it does prohibit the killing of a cow moose at any time.
N. McCTaio,
Provincial Game-keeper.
Hull has defeated, by a majority of 31 votes, the bylaw granting a bonus to the P. P. J, Ily. to establish its workshops in that city.
Mr. Baldwin, (son of Bishop Baldwin, of Huron) arrived here on Thursday
He comes as assistant to Vor,
Men’s, Boys’, Ladies’, Children’s—the largest and finest stock in town.
AT WORK
or
tive Operation
- MITS, GLOVES AND MOCCASINS -
evening Arch. Naylor.
We learn that tho Rev. Dr. Marsh has been chosen by the congregation of Bristol, as successor to T. A. Nelson, who left that field last summer for tho west.
excellence, the mill is unsurpassed. I f'r.
Every piece of machinery in its make-up is of the most modern and up-to-date
design, mid manufactured by the well- HONOR ROLLS FOR OCTOBER known firm of Gouldie & McCullough,
The selection of Saturday evening for %nd placed in position under the super-the Rev. F. A. Allen’s lecture on “Olden vision of skilful and efficient workmen of
Days in the Dear Old Lind,” told rather	the manufacturers' staff. It may be said |	<;rade IV -j, Lillie Smart; 2,	Edna
against its success from point of attend-	that t.ic promoters have spared neither	Smart; 3,	Herbie Smart. Grade	III.—
ance, but from what we can learn, those	time m»v means to make everything coin-1	^ Gordon	Smart; 2, Clarence Smart; 3,
whoso business pressure precluded their	plete, and their efforts have hvun eiuin-1	Mary E.	Dairg. Grade II. — 1,	Stella
presence, missed something that was	ently successful. I lie Shaw ville	Roller | Murphy;	2, llerhie Maitland; 3, Amelia
really interesting. The rev. gentleman	Mills supply a want that was very	much	Stark; 4,	Vivian Smiley and Flossie Ful
illustrated his instructive lecture with a	h'b in the community, and the fiiot that	ford, ecjual. Primer 11. — 1 Pearl Mur-
powerful limelight lantern, and the nu-	the flour manufactured is of the	finest	p},y. v	i>v]ia Stark; 3, May Smart,
merous views he presents—principally of quality nhouM commend universal sup I Primer L 1, Mary Crick ; 2, Edna old English scenery and historical events, port ami patronage.	| Stark; 3, Laura Leitcli
associated with the introduction and progress of Christianity in England— ar« particularly high class. Mr. Allen scriptive powers are of tho best, so that the entertainment he furnisher lacks nothing of the essentials to mnke it good.
The Newest Goods from the leading Makers.
A very successful box social was given by the members of Wild Rose Lodge, I. O. G. T.,Maple Ridge on Fiiday evening last. A largo number were present.
Mr Richard Finnigtn has had his residence on Pickanock St. veneered with biick, which greatly improves its appearance.
Clarendon, No. 3
BOOTS & SHOES
Our regular customers do not need to be told of the stock we keep in this line. To others we say: Call and see what we are doing. We unhesitatingly
say our stock of Footwear is not equalled by any in the county.
Mr. Thomas Dale, of Greermount, who has been suffering for the past month or so, from a severe wound in the leg, inflicted by an axe, is improving nicely.
Work on A. U. McGuire's building on Main street, is going rapidly on expects to be settled in his new premise; about Xmas
Saturday s rain fall is generally regarded as the heaviest of the season, vain having fallen almost incessantly all day and the greater part of the night. It was much needed by the farmers.
It ia with reluctance wo announce this week, the serious illness of Dr. Knox. For the last few days his death has been hourly expected,and his condition is beyond the hope of recovery.
Mr. Wm. Baird, of Thornby, who, some time ago, received serious injuries from a pile of boards falling on him, is at present in a very critical condition, and his recovery is doubtful.
Mr. S. A. Mackny, Notary Public, has decided to resume the practice of his profession in Pontiac, to which intent he will remove to the village of Bryson. He intends visiting Shawville every Tuesday.
Social Nov. 1st.—The Ladies Aid
of the Shawville Meth. Church will hold a social in Elliott s Hall, on Wed. evening, Nov. 1st. Tea will be served from C to 8 o’clock. General admission 10 cents. During the evening there will be a sale of fancy articles of different kinds. All welcome.
Flo. Cvrhie, Tuachei
A1 f
Not His Agents
s de
Clarendon, No. III. (September.)
Grade I.—1, Edna Smart: 2, Lillie
Pi of. Jo;. E Gagnon, head of the Naw-! K tw Medicine Company, arrived in town on Friday evening, Oct. 20. to claim the, horse and express abandoned by the two Smart; J. Bertha Quinn. Glade III. burglars who entered G. F. Hudgins’ F Gordon Smart; 2. Lila Quinn and
The Clarence Smart, equal; 3, Mary E. Dagg.
J. H. SHAW.
A Cinvention of tho Sunday School Institute, of tho Rural Deanery r f Car-endon, was hold in Hodgins’ Hall, Shaw ville, on Wednesday, Oct. 18th day opened with a celebration of the Holy Communion in St. Paul's church. „ morning session consisted of election of officers and hearing Sunday school reports. Mr. J. E. Morris was re elected president, and Rev. J. J. Lowe score tary. The Rev. J. U. Bell and Mr. J, E. Morris were elected delegates to the Diocesan Sunday School Association. At the close ot the morning session all ad -journed to Mr. Elliott’s hall dinner, which had been kindly provided by the ladies of the parish. The afternoon session opened with a very interesting piper on the creeds by tho Yen. Arch. Naylor, which was much appreciated. The Rev. Rural Dean Smith and Rev. W. E. Kaneen, also spoke upon the same subject, after which a profitable discussion took place. Questions on var ious points were then handed in and answered by Yen. Arch. Naylor and Rev. Rural Dean Smith. After a short discussion Mr. J. E. Morris read a useful paper on 44 Influence and Responsibility of the Sunday School Teacher Rev. C. Lummis and Mr. M Le Roy spoke upon the subject. Then followed two papers by Rev. R. Warrington and Mr. F. W. Yaughan, B. A., on the ‘‘Development and Training of the Child’s Conscience.” Both papers showed careful preparation. The Rev. W. Fitzgerald and Rev. J. J. Lowe, spoke on the sub ject of 44 Bible Story,” after which a vote of thanks was tendered to all who had helped in any way. The day closed with evening service in St. Paul’s church, at which the Rev. Rural Dean Smith, and Rev. W. Fitzgerald gave two earnest addresses.
P. S.—Ladies’ Fine Kid Gloves.
store on the morning of tho 15'<h ¦	,
Professor was required to identify the j * y ado H. 1. \ man Smiley ami Amelia outfit before being permitted to see the | ^tark, equal : 2, Stella Murphy and Her-same, and this lie succeeded in doing, Maitland, equal; 3, Maggie Morrison, down to the minutest detail. We under- Frimer I I. 1. Pearl Murphy; 2, May stand he raised some objection to the j	Ik-lla Stark
amount of costs that were entailed, and	I Mmy Crick;	2, Edna	Stark, 3,	Laura	' f9,000, and the option of taking it for a
was rather indignant about tho medicine	Luitch.	! further ; eri >d of «» months at the same
chest found in the rig being forced open	Flo. Currie, Teacher, figure. He is putting in steam machinery
and contents examined.	----------- I and will increase his gang of men to one
On Saturday, before departing for ():-	PERSONAL.	hundred as soon as the machinery is at
tawa with tho outfit Prof. Gagnon called	___ | work.
at The Equity requesting a contradiction I	.	Mr Joseph EtJard, of W right, is get-
of the assertion, made in our report of	Mies Lavina	Campbell, of Maple	Ridge,	ting out some very good mica from his
the burglary, that the men Gagnon and	19 Ht present	visiting	her aunt,	Mra.	mine near Buuchette, where he has a doz-
Ross were supposed to be his agents. Names Cuthbertson.	en men employed.	.
SSeSbI	j â*l
5S33	% ! District and Country.	Z&ZÆÆ
strength of his statements he had sup» plied the two men with the outfit men-	_
tioned. Eli Gagnon, the Professor claims | to the Methodist Church Century Fund is not his brother, but a young nun who had been brought up by his family.
The
The
Primer 1. — 1, a lease of the mine fur 6 months for
E37* The Shawville Marble and Granite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor turns out a superior class of work in Mon uments, Headstones, etc. Prices reasonable
Church Services
to partake of
Anglican Services,—St. Paul’s Church, Shawville ing
Sunday morning, 10.30; even 6.80. l-'riday evening 7. 30.
Su a w v i lle M ktjio distChurch.—Morning service, 10.30 ; evening service 7.00.
Fpworth league—Monday, 8.00, p m. Ladies’ Prayer Meeting—Tuesday, 7.30. Regular Prayer Meeting—Friday, 7.30.
Presbyterian—(Masonic Hall, Rev. Mr. Back) Sunday. 10.30, a.m.
Arnprior has contributed over $4,000
Another Swindling Scheme
WANTED Bright men and women who are not too proud to work and would like to make some money during the next three months handling the wonder
ful “ Light "f Life some make twice that. Experience or capital unnecessary.
BRADLEY-GARRETSOX CO., Ltd.,
Brantford.
A western paper gives an expose of the Faraud'# departmental I latest scheme to entrap the farmer. A the the principal property | nicely dressed man very pleasant in his
meets the farmer in his field or
Hull had a fifteen thousand dollar fiie on Oct. 21st store was
destroyed.	I manners
. _	,	. TQOIi at his home, and desires the privilege of
at the Otter Like House on his way man named Jack Gordon, market gar- charge not to exceed three dollars for the down from the woods, Sunday.	dener, was found murdered on Portage	fence set up where he wants it. In order
Mr. John Bennett, of Thorne, paid us avenue, in western suburbs of this city,	I to have everything understood and as a
a visit today	! this evening. It is supposed that rubbery | warrant of the farmers good intention,
Mr and Mrs. John Smith, of Thorne, the motive, as his pockets were turn- he required him to sign a written order were here today	ed inside out.	on a postal card which he mails, so he
Mrs. Wm. Mitchell and one child, and	——--------- "W* his i*art"erf- w>'ich I,r',ves to ,be
^£SïSW. S	A BOOM-IN MICA.	«rS
Sirthe—,h”Mi- Ibe SSTMSLi ^ I SK 5C sirs 5
Tlie Messrs. C. McLaughlin, Thomson,	.	—	.	. agreement on the card He claims to be
Hood sr and ir and Burwash, were at There is a tremendous boom in mica | an attorney and threatens to sue the far"	ago found only two topics of conversation of this sfiecie were given a hot send on
—mica and the war. Where the city boy	when they present themselves, there
his favorite club colors in his hat	would not be so many people gulled.
Miss M. A. Judd, who, a few weeks went down to the Protestant Hospi-
The
ago,
tal, Ottawa, suffering from an attack of appendecitis, and had a critical operation performed, is, we are glad to say, doing as well as can be expected. Miss Lena Dale, of the same place, also suffering from the same diocese, had a like operation successfully performed in the same hospital a few weeks ago. She also is recovering.
$3.00 a day sure ;
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
GENTS WANTED-FOR "THE LIFE and Achievements of Admiral Dewey. ” the world’s greatest naval hero. By Murat Halstead, the lifelong friend and admirer of the nation’s Idol. Biggest and best book; over 500 pages 8x10 inches; nearly 100 pages halftone illustrations. Only #1.50. Enormous demand. Big commissions. Outfit free. Chance of a lifetime. Write quick. The Dominion Company, 3rd Floor Caxton Bldg., Chicago.
A
It would seem as though some of our residents had serious intentions of going to the Transvaal to join the Imperial forces, and, determined to become crack shots before leaving for the scene of action, if target practice would count for anything, shouldered their “ Snider " Sunday afternoon and wended their way to a neighboring woods to try their luck at bulls eyes, having in mind, no doubt, the old axiom, 44 the better day the better deed
very discreditable performance
something that should not be tolerated
on
NO TRESPASSING.
Hymeneal

The residence of Mr. and Mrs. Geo. Blackwell, Litchfield, was tho scene of an interesting event on Wednesday afternoon, Oct. 18ih, when their youngest daughter, Lottie, was united in marriage to Mr, Allan Carswell, of Bryson. The ceremony was performed by Rev. J. Roadhouse, of P. D. Fort, in tho presence of a large number of friends. The bride was neatly dressed in a costume of pale blue, and was assisted by Miss Lucy Fades, of Radford, who acted as bridesmaid, while Mr. Frank Blackwell, brother of the bride, performed the duties of groomsman. After partaking of a delicious repast, provided for the occasion, happy couple accompanied by the guests, left at half past eight for their home in Bryson, where they spent the evening till the wee email hours in the morning. The bride wae the recipient of many beautiful and costly presents.
Having purchased Lot Range of Clarendon (known as the Ixigaii property) I hereby caution all parties against trespassing thereon, or removing or cutting timber of any kind, as any one found so doing will be dealt with according to law
Hintonburg, Sept. 30, 1899
No. 8 on tne 13th
This, to say the least, is a
and
Shawville Photo Studio.—Having purchased the photograph business from A. L. Handford, I intend to give the business my most careful attention, and for the next ten days will sell photos at greatly reduced prices in order to acquaint myself with the general public. Vail and see samples of my work and I am sure you will be convinced of the fact that I am giving a 1 value foi your money. Photos enlarged in crayon or pastil at reasonable prices. A trial solicited.
Wood wanted in exchange for photos.
. H. Imison,
Photographer.
P. S.—Photo# taken rain or shine.
L. E. BEAVEN
da
Mrs. NVm. Moore, and son, Mr. Wm Angus Moore, left on Monday for Pembroke and other points, returning Satur
wears
and the old man si's on the stoop
a stick, at these	the boys	HHI
r. Gregory Atkinson, of Greermount, I wear badges of mica and the father. A lynx or what i. commonly known a" nassed here Tuesday	! amuse themselves splitting up little a Canadian wild cat, was shot by Capt
- *• i -5- -«art o,u... h.. »1 ess. i.
Mr Silas Young was a passenger on men working in two watchei in the Rev. and wa. trottirg atealthily over the cap-
5ÉS=HriBX S@ëMsra|M3w£îSs -
Mr. Alex Smith went up from Shaw- it a,*"*™hatiU/D'» one yearhe took j subscribe for The Equity and get ville Thursday on a visit to his parents, out $38,000 worth of mica. Mr. Sills has j the latest war ne
FARM FOR SALE.
d,i
&
For sale, a Farm containing 205 acre* of land (more or less) situated ¦¦ range of Clarendon, aad being Front Halves of Lots No. 7 and 8. The premises are well improved and watered by Quy river, and within half a mile of t churches and a school. For fuller particulars apply to RICH A RD DAGG,
Or ANDREW HAVLIN.
•	North Clarendon,
on the 12th
the
on
wo
###PAGE###2###
IN BRITAIN'S FACTORIES
THE TRANSVAAL CRISIS.| gttgS
held, résolu lions condemning t he
THE STORY OF THE TROUBLE FROM I annexation were passed, shots THE COMMENCEMENT.	I
Sir Theophilus issued a proclamation promising condign punishment lo any persons who might dare thus to challenge liis authority in the future. From this time there was peace, until the | the disaster of Urunkers Spruit inaugurated
TUK WAR OF INDEPENDENCE.
her eyes resumed their old, rest*ess,
'unsatisfied expression, and when she would «it before the blazing fire dreaming for an hour together of far-off scenes to the .total forgetfulness
fin*,-rs—In W	.. .HI'.-„l„d"
»„:• «u » «><.	?: Ætïïxr.*vsf»-sï5
il;,"1:,",.;,-:-; s. B?A.°,"5l£3 u»	>«*	,<
a dead silence that lasted for several ed with hei whole heart Intf> an> ' own aimri ment, besides being fie- mont carried the jurisdiction of —
have been mistaken for a marble fta- hall door of Katherines new »*«*« 1	• Lady War renne	were sitting	one	rtd by a proclamation of actual sever-	(jlt, ;hxrs really desired independence,	highly interesting and instructive
tuv robed, so motionless she sat ; while as fresh and charming as tlmugn i n -\ morning in the	nursery, the	baby	0jgnty over the whole of the terri tor-	proceeded to grant it. It may safely	document. The Committee consisted
irxitti'KiSrïM;*!ïs&nss:f~:izyr ssssts— «->*• «* «--	“r -J-*—-• m-.
sleeping fairy. Presently he broke the whatever.	one o. her absent moods, and ant gaz- Government, however, took alarm, and annexation, there would have been no	„
Tyne Royal, ns she entered it. seemed	mg wit h wistful eyes into the leaping	cancelled the proclamation, but at the	Tho present crisis has arisen not so	^uponnieuding Inspector of Factoi ies,
Good-bye, Katherine,” he said	almost as fine a house as Warrenne	fire, wheu she was startled by the	time asserted that all white men	much in consequence of the franchise	Dr. Thomas Oliver, M.D., and Mr. 11	l*
•jettsfiSs!3r«A55S!rtst&Kctssss-zl» zsrw¦	~	«-e-#k
•* good-bye—so soon 1”	it. It was not so large, perhaps, as the I Katherine, said Mis. ( harteria, regaided as Ui 'tish sunj, on. Ha	j8 a„ obvious difference between the
•« Yes, it Is better so.” Ho had con-	latter residence, but wan quite as beau-	w.h.v ho you not say at once what	the proclamation of 1812 been cancel-	PXjsteiioo of vassal States having in-
reived the idea, poor fellow, that	he	tifully kept up. Still she had little	‘t /a you want, my dear ?”	|ed, many difficulties by which we	ternaI independence within our sphere	been at work they have
5rS r:r.-r.r zztc =
he could not endure the thought that | where she was met by an under house- Harriet What	can I possibly	have	extends far north of latitude 25, but	mi,unl power. It is in order to re-	the course of their work they have hud
his presence was distasteful to her ! maid and a laige, red-faced, muscular, Wl8“ for f I want nothing.	And	|n,,lea<j Qf a complete section of the	move any doubt ns to which is to ,1»	to learn the iutriouoiea both of bust
you had better tell it to This austere individual waited in bravely ; * you want Mark; you want rights of Germany and of Portugal me now, as I have business that will aoltvmti silence and a rather menacing I 1 v )est , t)w * ever breathed ; you us W6n ua 0[ Boer Republics take me to town early to-morrow morn- attitude fur Mrs. Chatteris' first re- ".'[l	11,1 Ia,ber or y ou r hoy.
Ing. You can start for Tyne Royal m;lrk	Oh. no. no cried her poor little
the day after that, or the next day. “How is Ladv Warrennef* Harriet :l,,>shll>* excitedly, bursting into
unless,”—dropping his voice- you asked iu a low. bushed tune, as though | ^rs. an,i throwing her arms around Transvaal were annexed, in accord would prefer remaining here until nf- afraid of waking sera 'body.	nh” vp	f’Mh t i .* rmined BDOe with a fresh, political idea, and
liBi! ilBii iSËffiS mzm=	###
Emm mm ###
sssse™” =	ææÆrs
hêrnhearteonce mor“thîwti>nin(ï i° Kath,l'ne cou d oal>' h.o.' her to t	wltb the Transvaal settlers, under gl-Uler (mm xuned source* illustra- introduction of impioved methods of
fell'when	^rterKiame a- THE LIM,T 0F SPEED BY STEAM. b^relïrvaU^’s“bef^an Td^u-	eby'side witTJL “r- w.ys the calling of ,to miner is now .
3» .£r	.................
B<' Katherine. Katherine.” he cried, •<> "he l-udied back the pink flannel to	%a. In ,he loromoM,,.	; State wa* not finally cancelled until f , n.Neull.livs h, succeeded m secur- ll 18 we" koown “*“l tbe eton<$-
ÏTSK-Æ!	r ...........b,,,,..«>,%w •v™ ““¦* - "
',TSZ: %i s,;zrrs:,s ::S
.TTT'Z.%: ! %%%: r=%%%%
.jsrss	BSCfSr--
A boy I" Harriet asked, again peer- bu d the engineers.	ur in accordance with the express de-
1 sire of the inhabitants.
As the year 1876 drew to its close the Transvaal was gradually drifting I' mean into a condition of
f
\
Sweet is True Love.
was
PERILS UNDERGONE BY WORKPEOPLE IN THAT COUNTRY.
V.
¦ejMirl of I nglMi l»< imriiiirnliil Io in mil
toe on l»iuiHcroia Trotle* I» # Highly lalerewlliig llomuiml.
short Mrvlew of I lie («u<fN Which Have Lr«l I11» lo llir l'rrerul I u fortunate Male or .illMlra,
*«*•
The fourth and final report of the Departmental Committee appointed by the British Htime Beoretary to inquire into and report upon certain miscellaneous and dangerous trades is B
Mrs. Tennant, formerly
«T Majesty's
:
of Factories.
In the four years in which they bave
Visited L93
ness management and of scientific and mechanical manipulation of twenty si* separate industries '.act, and judgment with which they have performed their important duties they have deserved well of nil the
THE BIBLE COMPILED INTO TWELVE | worker* <>( the community.
DEADLY UUtiT.
any ticular wish
Uy the care,
A TWENTY YEARS' TASK
lu 1848 the territories now known
as the Orange Free State and the
MAGNIFICENT VOLUMES
i
that of culling and building up grindstones and millstones, by reason of the extreme hardness ot the stone— usually French burst one—is much uiuru dangerous. The baldness ol the stone may be judged from the lact that a man dressing it will sometimes knock the	ten
fifteen thousand illustrations, tools in a quarter ol an hour
possession a Bible in twelve volumes, almost every event of importance in the Old and New 'Testaments, being illustrated
Altogether there are
Lr
eo im
which the gentlemau has pasted on the Peacock in lhtiO calculated that of men
employed in millstone cutting in Loudon forty per cent, died of tuLerculo-once sis. Fortunately tins trade is nearly incidents in extinct, steel rollers having largely
taken the place of millstones
Scripture.	Committee suggest that spectacles and
The works of many artists of all reepirato:s mould be su; p i d by t bi
nationalities can he seen in the col- occupier to all workmen who desiri
them.
ci
his neck, raised her face to his.
“Good-bye, my love, good-bye!	I ¦y . .	..
whi.srH.red. hoarsely, pressing his lips »ng down mysteriously into the preci	g
to hers, and holding her close to as ous.coz) bundle.	I very little difference between twenty-
EHro SS
¦	i lie child should Cviue under the dénomma- materially increased; but anything The Republic was at war with Seku
tion ol a sou and heir. ' Harriet cou d above that limit is the pace that kills j kuni, but had failed to achieve any
-rr - ^ ««»*. rzvrrz
\ ou naughty child, nuV to send for in ^oids* It seems to jai every» sepa- teers, or, as they were irreverently CHAPTER VT	m ‘ before. Mrs. Vharteris, said, lov- rate f bre in the body, and the tension termed "Filibusters,’'—men belonging
"Tyne Royal Oct 10. 18—,	‘“8	1 am le“u>' angry with you aa terrible that one is apt to (eel i » almost any nation, but probably
• •De.reA.rry-iAr. you angry with	horrb^y ^.lowoj	"t 'days. The average man g** ‘“d American for the most
r!nI?^letters ^Well^ I^coul d lio t ; daol> wko seemed anxious to carry me jl’an 1 s,aua many spurts at ev»u 05 The Boer " Commandos ” declined to tïint	in n,v onlv	excuse	\nd vou will,	at once !o 1 he lockup, and who. 1	m.ies an hour, let alone	15*). He comes	take any part in storming rooky fastI know forgive	me.	Yam very lonely	am sure wou d have killed you had	wl c>f auch an ovdlAal	«aii broke up.'	nef^a* und the Volunteers were not
as - i— «--—zpss&zrsx A'ssr!
in? keen vou long—only a very little lhal 1 shall stay with you for a month noises, like a hysterical woman. My ily gained. To mount a hill held by so time—if hv will ust spare you to me u,n,u	are perfectly strong and own theory is that the effect is pro- contemptible a foe aa the Mac* at res
iE-BEBlEB	EEZSzSE
<_ôh Harry	do	come ! 1 want	‘NX|11 3'QU really stay with mo for	same tune you see the things whizzing	tirement that followed in every case	cross.	Through	these	illustrations	the
S(> long ?” Katherine exclaimed de-	past on both sides out	of the tail of	was always attended by heavy loss.	greatness of Christ’s miracles is	vividly
’"Charlie” cried Mrs Chatteris.	Bghtediy. ’ Oh. how good of you ! But	your eye. and it is as if semething had	Thus matters came to a standstill,	impressed on the mind,
smrintrinir to her'feet! " this letter is	t’harhe—whet will he say. ai d the	hold of the optic nerve and was pulling	The Treasury became insolvent, and	Suiuson. the man of strength, is seen
from our Katherine”	, chi dre n f	it out likfc a rubber band. That s a the pay of the \ olunteers, " as well jn several marvellous performances,
«• Nonsense !” exclaimed Charlie, feel- “They must do without me for a- pretty clumsy explanation, but it's as the subsistence of all the fdrees that stamp him as one of the great incr scarcely less excited and entire-	while, though, really, my dear, be-	as near as 1 can ooma to it. Many's	alike, could no longer be provided. The	character# of the Bible. Several il lus-
Sv forgetting in his enthusiasm, the	tween those wretched servants and	the time I've staggered when I got up	Boers dispersed to their homes, and	(rations of his contest with and con" sweet thing ” in cockchafers he had	Charlie's laboratory, I have email hope	from my seat in the cab.	the Volunteers would probably have	qUt»*t of the lion are to be seen. Then
received hv the	morning's	post.	"You	of seeing them alive again; in fact, my	"That thing of staring straight	done the	same as a body, hut that	so	comes his great feat in carrying away
don’t sav so!”	hfo is a burden to me.” And Harriet1	abend.'’ continued the engineer, 'is	many of	them had no homes to which	ti1P heavy gabs of Gaza followed by
"Ah Tea indeed thank goodness,	smiled us brightly as though labors-	bound- to gel ou any mans nerves in	they could betake themselves. At this	as funy interesting set ut'views of him-
noor dear child! Listen to what she	tones and bu,dens were the two pleas-	the course of time, particularly dur-	juncture Sir Theophilus Shepstone was	s,,tf ;l,„i Delilah. Probably as beauti-
1	‘	an test things in all the world. "XV hat- mg night runs. Une sees queer ihngs, sent to Pretoria, escorted by a small fu; IKige8 afl any jn an L^8 volumes are
And Mrs Charte rim read the letter ever you do, Katherine, never let that and I've had some scares in my life detachment of the Natal Mounted Po-	vonnvcteu with the hook of Ruth,
Hi much once more	for	her	husband’s	darling baby—bless him! so much as |	that wood have turned my hair as	Roe, and	had instru turns to	where harvest Irenes in ancient times	The	following	account	of	the	mmu-
benefit.”	look at an7thing that explodes, or he	white as milk if hair really turned	DEVISE SOME REMEDY	form the leading feature and give an	facture	ol slag	wool is	interesting—
you must go to her at once. Ha r- will a taste for it and worry you white that way. The worst troube for a state of affairs which constilut- accurate, idea of the life of the agricul- A line stream of molten slag is al-rv ” Mr. Gharteris decided, when it into your grave.”	is with shadows. It's no uncommon e(i a danger to all South Africa, ow- turist in Palestine.	lowed to flow from the blast furnace,
was finished; " she is evidently dying Katherine laughed a low, glad lit- thing fou* a bird to fill across i he head- iUg to the unrest created amongst the Then David is seen first on the hills and this stream is met by a strung with the ‘blues.* XX'arrcnne had no tie laugh, very good to hear.	j ! gai and throw a shadow down the native populations by the successes of I COKING AFTER Hl< Kl OTKS blast of sioum through a narrow pile,
eight to send her to such an isolated D 90 sweet to have you near track as b g as a boxcar. Of course a petty chief, for such Sekukuni ac #i	.	,	*c. Small globular panicles, by reason of
ns I conclude this Tyne Royal me,” she said, caressing Harry s soft, jit's gone in an instant, but in just tually was in comparison with the , king, closing w.th magnifi- ^eir viscous nature and the velocity must he no matter how much she may round, pretty cheek with her fragile, that heartbeat the nerves have been many powerful native States.	\ rf;I?le,i^utalloll.!i of his engage- wkh wlilcu they are forced thiuugü
have wished it. Could vou not manage fingers.	g.vi-n a shock that they may not re- The annexation of the Transvaa	‘U ,,iassl^ V'018111	, the air, is drawn a long thin filament,
to bring her back here with you. Har- " Unless you want to worrit her cover from in a week. I’ve had that was to be arranged as a preliminary	gentleimm who lias arranged Thoaggregation of ihc^e fdamentscon-
rv ! Poor little soul, without a friend ladyship into a raging fever, mum. happen to me several times. ( I wc-uld fltep to British action against Seku-1,	,U,!Uka , ll,ook	, certainly sliiuLttB tne threadlike, spongy mater-
to sneak to no wonder she feels lone- you will stop talkin’,” broke in a be tearing along at a 55 or 01) mile kuni, provided that a majority of the ,	c . student ot Bible history, lal> *bicb is deposited in fine white
,VP	threatening voice at (be door.	| clip whom all of a sudden semething inhabitants should be found to favour 101	.	'le. Is not a fiuit or ‘lower, ^ ,ke aoi unl.kj snow. Toe silicate
^ You fancy it is loneliness,” said Both ladies started. Harriet rather b g and black would loom out of the »Uch a step. The column employed in ,nvI.Ul0Ile'; hy. 0l^e of the Apostolic ot cotloo 0r slag wool, as it is called, Harriet slow ly : ” I do not. Charlie did consciously.	dark r ght between the rails and not order to give effect to this " nYu*	la< ka a p#laee'	is collected after the steam has beeo
vou never think?”	1	“ 1 don’t fancy it is doing me any four telegraph poles ahead. Next determination was under the	.	. 8ro,)e$.?f a nt>W8l,AI>er ! turned off, packed in bags and sent
J an rloquent silence ensued.	harm, nurse,” Katherine declared, very secoind I w< u!d know it to be the shad- command of Colonel C. K. Pearson, the n,r,	lH lmPOB8ible to allude to
"No Î never did.” replied Charlie, meekly; "indeed. 1 feel considerably ow of a bid but as far as I was con- Commandant of Natal, and consisted!® lhet Hmstratiom, and an idea can Tbe danger lies in the packing, be-quite slowly; « new light breaking in stronger.”	earned-the mischief was already done, of the 1st Battalion 13th Prince Al- unl^ Brined by ^minting out that cause of the dust
upon bis hitherto darkened mind, and Oh, I dare say. ’ said the veteran, I had had a visiotn. of sudden death bert’s Light Infantry, about 750 evî*ry character graces the liages of totally forgetful of all those abstruse with a withering glance at Mrs Char- and a sledge-hammer blow on every strong with two 7-pounder guns, and this Bible, and every iraixirtant event	,
calculations he went through daily in teris—''with your eyes quite wild and nerve centre in my system.	half-a-dozen sappers. All sorts of : in Hie ld>. is illustrated.	'	‘nulls in meiallochrome
the “Fanctum.”	J°ur cheeks all flushed, pore dear "The new electric headlights ere warlike rumours were bruited about, e are brought face to face with	111 tlou^ ls' .	k ...
Well. I did.”, went on his wife, Well Heaven knows where 'twill end; worse than the others as spook pro- but the column nevertheless reached Hi* Jordan in many 4|*»riods of hie- Powder u>i 11 -uBI,ll'	vi'orks tn
and now I am sure of but I wouldn't care for the extinction durars. They cast such sharp shad- Pretoria without encountering any- tory ; Galilee in all its pictuneequeness; ufe uC lead In pi \	t *. lo. dveimr
; of havin’ slain a human creetur.” owe that a bug moving over the glass thing more formidable than députa- Bethlehem, quaint, but famous as , u** ol arseiia e	.	^	’
Bless me !” ejaculated Mr. Charter-	With	which parting shot	at the	in-	will	make you	think a cow	is lying	lions with addresses of	welcome.	j Christ’s birthplace; Jerusalem, the	1	,	,vl,olt	de	.	.
"that never occurred to me ! I	truder	she stalked from	the room	just	in front of	your pilot. I owe elec- Indeed, the only incident	ol! any	in-	metropolis of ancient Palestine,	with 1 an‘	manliest	care,
hope you are right; you generally are,	Mrs.	Charter is talked	no	more that	trie	light-bugs	a number of	grudges	teres* was the arrival	in	the camp	R* many temples; and not a	place	*
Indeed. Why, it would be the very	night.	for	little jokes	of that kind,	and my	near Laing’s Nek of a	mentioned in the pages of the	Holy
best thing that could happen—eh don’t !	---- experience isn't in the least unusual GRAND OLD ENGLISHWOMAN, Ruok ia.allowed to i^ass without being
you think so? Harry, my dear, do not	CHAPTER VII.	All* engineers go thr.,ugh the same aged over eighty years, who w as driv- pj:l.c.ft,i ,n Pictu,e	»n the pages
lose a moment; I firmly, believe that ; Nearly the whole of the stipulated thing. The man who was never scared en	fifty miles in order that the ° xvi T ir,immoth volumes,
everything will come all right in the	month passed away pleasantly and	is a man who is careless of the lives	miKhi "see the Union Jack once more	, , \ this Bible has been comend now.”	swiftly enough, enlivened by daily skir-	eo Lusted to his vigilance, and such a	before she died. This was an affect-	-l - H0,e,y Hy the gentleman, still
"1 will go and pack up a few things mishee with Mrs Ruskin—the belliger- fellow isn't fit to by in the business, j |ng siwctncle. The old lady was a !t 80 IM*rfectly arranged that it this moment, and give some directions	ent—in which Harriet always came	These are things that make me doubt	very embodiment of patriot ism. and	m‘l. !s txxphe magnificent volumes,
to Lawson; though how you and the	off victorious, to the former’s intense	the practicability of 101) mites an hour	those who witnessed her genuine en-	, .,(h tlu* gentleman can lay claim to
children are to get on during my	disgust, until at length she was fin-	and the possibility of 150. God help	thuaiasm, are unlikely ever to forget	thf> ,°,nlv ontlH in the ,andt
absence im more than I can imagine,	ally defeated, and Lady Warren ne was	the engineer of such a train 1 He	it. Of hostility, open or veiled, there	1!!. 11 woul<1 fur,n admirable ad-
You reallv must promise me, Charlie, looking quite strong and handsome wou d gj mid in a week.”	was not one single indication nor is it «‘m to a allege library or that of
to give up your insects and nonsense again, while jthe baby had grown pos-	•----?-----	likely that any would to this day have ®
while I sm away, and keep the boym itively beautiful—in fact, the most ,	^ GOOD REASON.	been shown had the Volksraad been
out of mischief, as I cannot depend beautiful baby in all the world—and	convened and self-governim-nt
uiion a single servant in the place, and knew its mamma perfectly. At least	Mrs. lakern—Huh 1 I retty condition t|nue<ie
if Tinsley once gets into your labors- so its mamma said, and of course no- for you to come down in! Been drink- Jn this matter faith torv he will undoubtedly blow himself body—not even Mrs. Ruskin, that most ir‘g. have you t	....	, deniably broken. The Boers, who had
(formidable personage—was rude en- Mr. Takem—All, (hie), mishtake, m looked on without a murmur when t he "He certainly has a wonderful gen- ough to contradict her.	dear. I m all ri’ (hie), dash whash 1 HrRish flag was hoisted in May, 1877,
fus for experimentalizing,” returned That Lady Warrenne was happy in	became disaffected, and in the follow-
Tinslev’s father, with a smile that ex her new-found treasure there could be Mrs. 1 skein---Huh 1 Haven’t been jng December 1,500, of them, under pressed the hghest pride in his first little doubt. With the little one in drinking, eh. I hen why do you talk Kruger and Joubert marcht.X to Pre-
But you may be her arms she was a picture of mingled fte “ y,,ur ** ”Bh was full of musni (Qria to demand independence. The
¦	HÜET	Mr* Takim— Caush a shoft ansherl garrison at this time consisted of
only about 350 men ot the 13th Light
MANY PAGES OF HIS WORK with a care and skill tint at clearly define# many
he
On a good roadbed one notices
1 he
HOPELESS CHAOS
form gr«»w heavy in his arms carried her up to her own room insen si ble.
most of the illustrations are from paintings. Commencing with the book of Genesis, and the descrip-
1 vclion, for
EMERY W HE EUS
There is another very hard ruck,
». from Smyrna to the Isle of NftXOt, lion of the fust days of t lie wor ld, e - gI ounti llllo Lie finest powder and
erjr interesting j>o. 111 in 'lie Ri de is Lien made into wheels by the addition
pictured. Famous personalities of the d0lue substance like shellac or india
Scriptures are seen in different pet- lukibe-r, and then made into wheels uu-
iods and events ul their life, not one hydraulic pressure. Corundum. :»n
incident lacks graphic portrayal, but oxide ot" aluminium, which comes from
sonic, as it might be anticipai ed .a re (^llIlutjai ustwi as a snoot ti ute lor
superior to others. It would Iw diffi- omery. lu the uae ol thefts wheels, ow*
cult for anyone to gather a mure va- ^g. (he great speed at which they
tied and perfect	are driven—a 3 in wheel will be dn?-
LOT OF VIEWS OF SCENES on at 7,401) revolutions a minute, aud
a 3 ft. wheel at tiOJ—there is a great
danger of centrifugal breakage, be-

in Christ's life than this geui leuiau has done, from His birth in the manger at Bethlehem, until His deal h upon the sidesp the injuries caused by the dust
given off in their use.
BASIC SLAG.
you.”
The slag is the refuse left in a special process of sued manufacture. When ground to powder it is used in the manufacture ot a patent manure It has to be ground into an almost impalpable powder, so line that eighty to eiguiy-five per cent, of it would pas# through a mesh 1U,0U() to the inch. The Committee strongly recommend that the basic slag worker should he protected by special rules.
« SILICATE OF COTTON.

out
OTHER PERILS.
the manufacture of
triumphantly
It.”
is
LABEL LICKING
n
Although not exactly a dangerous trade, the report devotes a chapter io is, to say the least, a nasty At one of the large thread
what
practice.
mills in Lancashire there were
twelve full-
em
ployed at one time some ¦ *|who each licked from forty to
timers.
fifty gross of labels per day.
To give an indication of the amount of licking possible to be done, one woman informed the Committee that when busy she could complete tony-five gross of bobbins a day, or, allowing a ticket for each end of the bobbin, nearly ninety gross, Ul.UtiO, of Labeds a day .
Of course this is a bad as well as a dirty practice, especially for children. Dr. Oliver remarks, "There is no why the saliva of young people should be put to such a use ' deed there is every reason against it ; for even if there be nothing actively harmful on the label, constitutional derangement is apt to be set up by so much licking.
con
MYSTERY.
Got a job t asked one urchin.
X es, answered the other, with a su» eriority. I'm workin* fur a lawyer
finn next * be UkiQ’ ,ou in,° the
Not me The whole thing la a mys-ery to me. 1 don't do a thing but hi on a chair by the door all day and
•4 ¦ SJSfta w, Where h* 'eta the
was un-
reason
born's predilections WM |	¦ ¦ ¦¦	¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦	1 ¦
happy in yonr mind: Ï premise he shall pride and intense gratification; yet	, .
no. soil so much as the tips ot his there were times, nevertheless when turnehh away wrath, m dear
me.

###PAGE###3###
A FALSE CONFESSION
TIIK SOLE RESOURCE,
therefore, seems to bo the chemical discovery of fixing nhreogeo, and to this eii'l the electrical process seems best adapted, and probably the vast energy of the Niagara water lower might be devoted to this pur pone. Jto-twran the dark picture of a starving world whose only hope is in Niagara Fulls, us set forth by Sir William Crooks, and that fascinating picture portrayed by Üerthelot, are the great nitrate beds of Chili, and who shall say how many more yet undiscovered, and more than all this, new and rapidly developing knowledge of inoculation, which practical chemistry in now getting in working order.
For years and years the farmer has Lno ulaied his fields, without knowing it, when he planted in a growth of clover, peas, beans or other plants of the kind known as leguminous. ,
He knew that by raising such crops and plowing Uvern in the fertility of his field was increased, and now the scientist cornea along and tells him why. It seems that these plants are infested with little animals so small as to require a microscope to see them that they are busy night and day putting the nitrogen of the air into mux b shape that it can be used by plant contents
life. Dr. Wiley say's of these little sticking in the lock ol the dour was a soon as possible after it is drawn from workers ; * In so tar as is definitely skelelou key m-uie out of a piece of rr-known the leguminosae, that is, the copper wire. When the porter found fumily to which clover, peas, beans longue he begged me not to turn and similar plants belong, are the only kjm OVer l0 tb0	He said his moth- nr» «impie
plante capable of sustaining the para- 0p who was dependent on him for the milk certain animal odors and gas-side life of the nitrifying bacteria, support, wua sick and in destitute cir- ejj tt)lt taint all ^esb mUk TJie HUd-
mmmwmmmm
A DISEASED CONDITION.	last-in short, he gave me the usual tiens at once, but a farmer can imitate
Some ten years ago it was discovered	pUiousl/Unit at lust 1 weaken- VVork ,u u cerlain exlent wlt buut
that these nodules were inhabited by ^ alid LC>id to get out. Next day bacteria which have the faculty of con- quieliy itifi town, and later on i verting free nitrogen into forms suit- discovered that the mo, her story was able for plant nutrition. Thus, what a fuke. -jj^n i cussed rnjseif for be-
was supposed to be the effect of a dis- iIlir R fool.	,	.	.	...	...	. .	..
These little animals are supplied to which 1 had missed for a long time into them and closing the top tight the farmer in small bottles and are and didn’t know what had become of with tin and flannel, the necessary i*repared for use by stirring them in them. Under pressure he confessed low temperature will be obtained in a w ith a mass of moist rich earth. This that he had stolen i hem, from a room short time. Some farmers have sim-causes them to multiply rapidly. When in such-and-such a house, naming the ply sunk their cans in a brook or they have multiplyed ‘sufficiently the hotel where 1 lived. He said he had spring of cold water, burying the bot-earth in which they are is scattered opened the door with a false key, toms in a foot or two of cold gravel, over the field into which it is desired broken into a trunk, and was just Where one has no ice handy this to introduce them. Besides these rifling it when he heard mine body method in a good substitute. By treat-bacteria, which work to give life to coming and darted out, bare! v dodging ing the milk in this way it will be peas, beans, clover, and the like, there a young man in the hall. 1 | ded out sweeter, cleaner and purer, and at are other bacteria laboring in the soil the copper skeleton key, wh a 1 still the same time it will be so freed from to give nitrogen in a proper form to bad on my ring, and he identified it bacterial germs that it can be kept a general crop#, and they also have been immediately as the one he had used, day or two longer than milk treated caught, classified and cultivated.	You may well believe I was (onsider- jfJ the ordinary way. If possible the
One species of this bacteria is known ably agitated, and I went to work im- milk should be cooled to a tempera-as a Unite, and is said to be an efficient mediately to locate the ex-porter, ture of 58 degrees and kept so. It goes germ in transforming free nitrogen After a good deal of difficulty 1 ftp- without saying that the utmost oare is into a chemical combination, especl- ally found h in in Memphis clerking in necessary to keep the cans and utensils ally adapted for the nourishment of a grocery store, 1 got the tip, by the perfectly clean, and that they must be cereals. Dr. Wiley says that this way,.from a letter he had written to scalded out without boiling water alinite has been subjected to exten- a friend. Well, I cornered him and every time they are emptied and be. sive experiments by foreign chemists, insisted on an explanation, and he told fore new milk is put In them, but Dr Wiley is of the opinion that me a story I will never forget as long	j ¦¦¦¦¦
the practical value of the substance as I live. He said he w as coming ; SMOOTH must be left for future experimental down the hall that night, when he saw study. When alinite is used to inocu- a man run out of my room. The fel-
lato a field it is mixed with water and low got away before he could grab The smooth wire fence is the only the infusion applied to the seeds before him, and, naturally enough, he, went one which exactly meeta the demands they are sown. From 500 to 1000 indi- Ln to see what was u.p. He noticed
vidual microbes are said to adhere to the trunk open, and had just stooped	. , ,	. 4 ,
each seed. Theoretically considered, down to see whether it had been fore- the tieea can be protected against rab-
it is logical to expect that if with the ed when I rushed in. The surprise of bits, sheep, hogs or mice, by being
seed is planted a large nlumber of or- it bewildered him for a moment, ami sbeathed with close woven wire feoo*
«¦ewe*
w1,,"Ln ab“"*a»i barvest. .
Even Prof. John A. Meyers, who is man thut owned up.’ So he tried that before it gets beyond repair. The rather doubtful of the success ot mi- . q and a9 ,.oa already know, it winds, the rains, snows, sleets, and hot orulation applied to land, admits that ^rk6(j j was satisfied that what he «un are all wearing upon it, and natur-Ln the case of plants like clover or [oU1 me‘ wa6 absolutely true, and, tak- ally the fence will become worn. Albert ns—in short, the legu-minae—the ^ altogether. I believe that was the ways keep the rank grasses and weeds soil which would not before bear crops ueerest case j ever had anything to cut away from the fence, aa these help of these would, after inoculation, pro- with. Th* last I heard of the to injure the posts by holding moisture duce fair crops.	.	voting man he was living in Atlanta about them. The weeds also harbor
In order that soils should be inocu- . doing well. The car-thief got chinch bugs and other insects destruo lated with just the bacteria they need	years.”	Live to field crops.
to increase their productiveness, it is	The secret of building a good fenc#
necessary to have samples of these	^ get the corner and brace posts
soils, and thus a new branch of agri-	firmly set.
cultural research has been established.
Dr. Wiley, who seems to have taken up this study in earnest and to have
achieved better results than any of a New South Wales country school the foreign experimenters, says: "For teacher recently gave a boy a question
.	„	.	,,	__	.	........	.	, several years the chemical division of ,n compound proportion for home	-__
home of strangely extravagant ideas.	nrmp^Tin nwiiwt	would be ^nted t0 Crests and tjl6 United States Department of Ag- work which happened to include the' than any other farm crop
? young lady of noble family is deter-	uujXLtoiiv	m.	parks and the whole world would be riculture has pursued studies of this circumstance of men working ten hours a great many devices of low racks so
mined to get up a costume far more Molasbee Cake.—One cup molasses, made	description. From all parts of the u (iaj, jQ order to complete a certain ,that the stalks may be carried in arm-
gorgeous than any ever before worn omy-belf cup sugar, one-half cup but-	A PLEASANT GARDKiN,	’few ïfoyflia^flmdl Wxfk t lnrnin the	c(in
by woman. She is now having the de-	ter, one egg, well beaten; one-third cup	in which men, no longer doomed to	epical examination, but also for the teacher, i™?Jok°ng over thT1it% pack	quickest way is to tie the stalks into
signs made according to her notions,	strong cold coffee, one heaped tee-	earn their bread by the sweat of their	purpose of studying the nature of the 0f exercises, found Jim's sum* unat-	good bundles and have one man pitch
Sb<‘ was acquainted with the theory spoonful baking powder, one-third tea- brow, would rouan at will, while the nitrifying organisms. lo this end a tempted, and the following letter in- und the other on the wagon
ansiVüSüSJrsiïFJ. -r-y «“X™i -xmMrr,.,»w....
by the sheen t>f a heal tn> skm, having	cupful of seeded and chopped raisins, |	Wlth unlimited stores oi nututi- I g enuring samples free from contain-	yOU give him last nite has it looks to
often noticed the fact that diamonds	currants and citron; two and one-half ous food.”	ination with other organisms was one	me to be a slur at 8-hur sistum enny	writes	H Peaender. 1 cut my	corn
and I,earls flash most brightly on shin-	cups of flour. When the mixture is j S.r William Crookes, president of the of considerable difficult;. This pro-	aum not more than 8 burs he is wel-	with a	binder, do not unite the	bun,
... L*.	. ».	- -• "»»?	^¦* s" s buK T’u" ,r“" Kri ra
therefore given orders lor an entire ^ l>ake immediately.	mest of Science, in an address before •'Sterilized sampling tubes are pre-	Uy tLa bundles on wh.le husking, thus
|	EHES
to be so set that they will b® l“ *“?*	well beaten, ealt spoon of salt, a lit-	vation, which has beon periodical!;	The tube, rubber caps and the rubber | Taylor—0h, come, I wouldn’t have	kneeling on the corn. 1 stack ih@
mediate oontact with the wearei h	^ nu,meg| a 6Cant teaspoonful soda,	flouted before men since the times of	balls, which are placed in them to pre- | treflted you that way. You believe	stalks near the door of the hay loft
skin. 1 he lower part o tic	Qne teaspoonful baking powder, two Malthus. According to Sir William, vent the cutting action of t he edges of jn (he pj-inc-iple of the golden rule, I driveway, and in winter cut the stalks
EHS-a	1 •='-—-- —	B: BfSHSrS
hands, neck and shoulders are to De 8lickg Do not turn the doughnuts j oi wheat, and the failure of the wheat which may have escaped destruction	jlk iX than lhe best hay.
almost covered wit	^	fti( but once while frying.	crop will be due to a lack of assimila- in the first sterilization are peimit-	many instances corn is hauled
it^SaSSîsgkï:,.,---------------------------------------------. SSp Sr - HS5-3;
mmm
ÜiÜHl #########==&_	Z" =§##3=
ISMssi 'SB ~SB=	â=iS~H5
be eaten, and actual hunger for bread excellent effect. It is said to be much	The Colonel—I sincerely hope It is • board ia the beat. Those who have
will be established.	quicker in its action than chloroform	mackintosh.	_ not tried this will be surprised what
The only way to avoid the world administered at the ordinary tempera-	an amount can lie handled n this way.
famine far bread is to increase the tur,. and to leave none of the nausea stores of available nitrogen.	and depression which almost everyone
The deposits of natural nitrogen are who %as been under the ordinary not large enough to supply indefinitely ana^thetica has experienced. It is also the increasing needs of agriculture. believed to be much safer than other The activity of nitrifying organisms preparations. Altogether, so much is •Iso will not be sufficient to meet the clfliraed for it that we suppose it will demand.	econ be tried in the English hospitals.
Ing powder at home at half the coat of that bought in pound cans recipe will make over two pounds, and if put together carefully, is warranted to bo satisfactory.
No. L
8 ounces bicarbonate of eoda, |.05 6 ounces t art a no acid 1 quart sifted flour, •	.
AOTAS A AD COMMENTS.
wwvwwywyyvwyyww
HOUSEHOLD.!
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
Either
4<lmlllfd u I'rliiK* of Which lie Wan dull I
low»», fo Ftinr Hfimelf.
About three weeks ago twelve Ule-itiam wore arrested at Constantinople cm the- charge of conspiring to transfer the Kliallfate from the Sultan to the Khedive of Egypt ; they were, however, released on the seventeenth of last
"When I warn considerably younger and greener in this business," said an old railroad detective, who had been asked to tell a story of his experience, "I lived at a certain hotel, which it is not In the least necessary to name. One rainy, sleety night in early winter I came in very late, and going directly to in y room was surprised to find the dour ajar. 1 had on a pair ol old rubbers, so ray approach bad made no noise, and peeping in I saw a man bending over my open trunk:
HANDLING MILK. *
Meet creameries educate the dalry-
SOMKTHINO ABOUT FISH
.	. .25
There is no more valuable article of food, or one that is more rich in
man who supply them up to a certain standard in handling milk an I cream. A set of rules is applied, which, if repeated 1 y disobeyed, brings trouble to the dairymen. These rules are formulated upon the best-known principles, and they should be kept and lived up to by farmers who make their I dairy butter on a email or large scale. They will, in the end, profit by them, for they all tend to the making of
It is the
. .05
month, a few days after their mi st, the charge, It is said, not having been I a|i 1 hat £<>«« to m ike up a food for old proved. At the time the Ulemas were | or young, than fish, arretted the Palace was «aid to have I Wh,te fiah ls VerhaP» as delicate and been greatly agitated, owing to re- n,°* 88	Take 0,1=• weighing one
r- !'t
tlon at the subjection of the centre 8(Ml| well with salt, dip* in' beaten vgg, of Mohammedanism to the Turk never | roll in flour and let stand for several
hours.
85
No. 2.
8 ounces bicarbonate of soda, $ 05 6 ounces tartaric acid 0 ounces corn starch.
. . .25
. . .<8
38-
own
Mix and sift six times through a i. The powder made with corn starch is finer and whiter than that made with flour, and for this reason some may prefer to pay three cents more for ingredients.
fine sieve
Among the many races coin-
ceases
posing the Ottoman Empire, there Is none to which the Tiurk is more obnoxious than to the Arab; and to such I the fish fifteen or twenty minutes.
didn't stop to meditate, but was on his back in a couple of jumps, and who
should it turn out to be but the purler, ®ood buttez and cheese.
a young while man, much liked by "r,ler °f the day to improve dairy pro.
ducts, and l be mm who can prod no#
At meal time cook in hot laid, as you do doughnuts. You will need to cook
lengths is the hatred carried that, This Is the way "par excellence ' to tress, he would leave a Turk to die it for no other purpose.
FLAVORED VINEGARS. Vinegar will take the odor and flav-
of certain pungent and spicy articles in such a way as to change Its flavor permanently, and spiced vinegar made of allspice, cloves, mace and ginger root is very commonly kept in stock.
Horseradish ground and sweetened a
He wuH so
everybody in the house startled that he couldn’t say a word, gilt-edged milk, butter or cheese ia
a»nd there was the evidence plain ae 'lbe trunk had been forced with a chisel, which lay m the floor; the monstrated by practise and •xperi-
were tumbled about, and ment all over, is to aerate It just ae
sure to make a good profit.
The proper handling of milk, as d
or
$
day
by the wayside without any notice but
The profound antipathy of is a very good substitute for the the Arab to his conqueror has never fresh, changed, and since the weakening of
the Turkish Government through the	cover with cold water and let it stand
last war with Russia, and the British	for a time. When ready to prepare	little will uaVe	another	delicious	flav-
oveupation of Egypt, the Arab aspira-	it, pour off the water and cook for	or for vinegar
lions for a revival of their independ- three or four minutes iry freshwater, hot vinegar Is poured over six table-
Pour this off and add a pint of rich fipoonfuia Qf grated horseradish, and
srjs css. sj?z » «s ->' ¦ “»‘h ,i”id -
For several years past rebellion in	milk ; cook thoroughly and when ready	drained off.
southern Arabia has been chronic,	to take from the fire add a well beaten	Those who like	garlic	can	flavor
egg.	their vinegar lu a similar way. Pour
Codfish Halls.—Shred the tish and a quart of vinegar over a few bruited
garlics, and let the mixture stand for
several weeks. Then the vinegar will
j so saturated with the garlic that
a few drops of It will flavor gravies
and salads. A quart should last for a
Salt fish, whew pntperly prepared,
a curse
and then to cool or chill it.
Creamed Codf ish.-Shred the fish,
The	0»r these two processes
The first removes from
A quart of boiling
en e have grown stronger.
and Turkish authority there covers no more ground than is occupied by the Imperial troops. The impossibility of governing and keeping the peace in a
territory so extensive and eo devoid	dram dry. Add an equal quantity
of means of communication is taxing	batter, adding milk, butter and a I year
the Sultan to the utmost, and to	beaten egg. Flour your hands, make	Tarragon	blossoms	and	leaves,	elder
bring it more under control it has	them into flat balls and fry a nice	flowers,	nasturtium	seeds	and	flow-
brown. They can be fried the same ers, peppermint leaves, green peppers, as you fry the white fish.	and all similar pungent plants can be
_____	utilized for flavoring good white vine-

let it stand for some time in cold water. Cook for about five minutes and I
The aeration simply means to expose the milk to the clear air by spraying it out in a thin stream. If one has a tub, and pours the mil a out; slowly from a height of several
been decided to divide the part of Arabia forming the littoral of the Red Sea into three vilayets or provinces, that of Mecca being in the centre arrests of the Ulemas at Constantinople, however, show that the danger to I sugar, one half teaspoonful of salt, the Sultan's supremacy lies in causes two teaspoonfuls baking powder, one that are not to be touched by the in- large tablespoonful of lard, two eggs,
crease of administrai ive divisions in	nearly	one pint of milk.	Sift l0',	mrT .	T.mnTm	.	nnfVn	ATI ATI
Arabia. Other methods of govern-	gulher	flour, sugar, salt and	powder ; |	yy£JjJJ	ltioUllIl	A	uUUll	UfllUi
ment are required, but the misfortune	rib in	lard cold; add beaten eggs and
of the Turk is that be almost invari-	en’ough“to Z'lidle.	““ Flour I	BACTERIA WILL NOW BE USED TO
ably when doing the right thing does | board, turn out dough, give it one |	AID THE FARMER.
or two quick kneadings to complete its smoothness ; roll it out with rolling pin to one eight of an inch in . ..	..	.	w , , thickness, cut with sharp knife into
Cause of the alleged conspiracy »t I squares larger than soda crackers,
Constantinople the time ia yet ripe fo d each in half to form three-corner-
for the removal of the Khalifate to | ed pieces. Rake on hot griddle eight
or ten minutes ; brown on both sides.
Chocolate Cake.—Nine eggs, two
gar
SOME GOOD RECIPES Scotch Scones.—One
One can put up a dozen different
-1 ess-,?, trtJra
at any tune.
The
It too late.
Be fere Long Me Will Inoculate Mis Held-* uiiri Me t>rialii of linineate trop»— The I ml ««Iry I» Mill In II» Infancy, Bui the Idea lia» Be n Benion»!rated.
It does not follow, however, that be
When it gets so that a farmer can go out and vaccinate his potato field, thereby insuring a good crop, it must
Mohammedan centre
some other
There are many reasons why it should
continue where it is for the present. | CUP8 sugar, one quarter pound choco-1 be admitted that bacteriology has ad-
late, one cup matzuth meal and po- vaneed to an extent that calls for woo*
WIRE FENCES DESIR. ABLE.
The matter is one that concerns more than one of the great powers France and Austria have large numi
Russia, taLo and. one teaspoonful cloves. Beat der and admiration
Perhaps inoetithe yolks of the eggs with the sugar I late would be a better word to use in
into a thick cream. Stir in the mat- | this connection, for it is not vaccine
which the farmer ia recom-
bers of Mohammedans under their rule and would certainly claim a voice in
the settlement of the new seat of the I ing water and add it to the other m-
Whe-n the time therefore ] gradients. Finally put in the whites fields, but a microbe which proof the eggs beaten bo a stiff froth. | duces nitrogen for the use of the crops. Bake in a moderate oven
zoth mval, potato flour and sp ces. | matter Dissolve the chocolate in a little boil-
fur a first class fence. In the orchard
mended by the scientist to inject into
Khalifate. comes that it may be found expedient to consent to its transfer elsewhere it
Such bacteria, produced by what is Eggplant Salad.—Cut the eggplant I known as "culture," by being artifi-
pare, spnn- dally propagated, are already on the kle with salt and pepper, and saute market, and though the industry is them! quickly in hot butter. Drain on still in its infancy, the feasibility of
cheese doth ; when cold cut them in- producing rich soils by inoculation has as| to dice, sprinkle on them some minced been -demonstrated, things are, would be almost equivalent | watercress and cover with a cream
to establishing relations
India and Mecca, which is the resort
would be to a neutral state and not to one controlled exclusively by any one European power, as Egypt is now by England. To allow Mecca to become the seat o£ the Khalifate
into quarter-inch slices,
If
Some time ago Berthelot, the cele-
between I «alack dressing made by stirring three
teaspoons ot grated horseradish, three I brated French chemist, predicted that
szz ISS	EEFEEr—
lifate appears therefore to be fixed for Deviled Lohster.—One can preserved ,	. ,	^	, 1	.	,
.	.	_	,	..	.	,1V..	,.	food for mankind, and the occupation
the present at Constantinople; and lobster, three tablespoonfuls butter, , ..	.,.	¦	...
K	'	, I of the man with a hoe would be gone.
Dr. H. W. Wiley says of the dreams of
M. Berthelot:
nutritious
though the question of its transfer is four tablespoonfuls vinegar, one half primarily a religious one, it is at the teaspoonful made mustard, one good
F-rr -“Hr
the same time bringing up that of the ualDg it. Mince evenly. Put vinegar, such progress as to warrant the ex-
British occupancy of Egypt.	butter and seasoning into saucepan; potation that in days not far dis-
when it simmers add lobster. Cook .	. ..	..	,
slowly, covered, one half hour, stir- tanL	vocation ut i he. geopouist
ring occasionally. Turn into deep would be gone. According to his phi-
Of course it comes from Paris—the I dish and garnish with slices of egg. l<x>ophy, the areas devoted to agrioul-
AGAINST HIS FATHER'S PRIN-,
CIPLES.
HANDLING CORN FODDER.
THE MOST COSTLY DRESS
Owing to the coarse nature of this cereal il Is more difficult to handle
There are
fuis onto them, but undoubtedly the
•31
Then
in unloading, there is not that loss which occurs in a load of loose stalks
*
mti 0
The ma2, on the
Ug
WHY HE SHRANK.
This is George the Fourth, said an exhibitor of waxworks for the million at a penny each, pointing to a very elim figure with a theatrical crown on
his head.
I thought he was a very stout man,
observed a spectator.
Very likely, replied the man, shortly not approving of the comment of his visitor; but if you'd a' been here without wittles half so long as he has, a been just as thin.
once.
HOME-MADE BAKING POWDERS.
* If the best commercial baking powders were not so reliable in quality housekeepers would rebel at the high price paid for them. They grumble and now and then try some of the low priced brands, which they find unsatisfactory. Two recipe# for
POOR GAME.
Skinner Bill—Yes, detectives was after me quite a w ile on dat job. Knocker Jake—How’d you square
Didn’t square It. Spent all ms money 'fore dey ketahed up wit* me.
ARMS.
l wonder why these emblems sailed arms!
Well you know, a family with arm# have a good deal that would otherwise be quite beyond their reaoA
are
It I

king bak-
you c


###PAGE###4###

I
Table “ A " from Report of Committee on County JHB
Valuations.
(Sen Offlviul Minutes in another Column of this Issue.)
they might be cleaned, had not been removed, and m it wat> then between half past eight and nine o’clock the girl became suspicious that all was not right. An investigation disclosed the fact that while in the act of disrobing Mr. Mitchell had fallen upon the floor and had evidently passed away without a struggle.
The body was found prostrate upon
. the floor between the bureau and a chair, Mr. Allison Scriver, manager of the hd- while upon the sofa a few feet away lay
wards Lumber company, which employs | his coat and vest., which lie had removed, a large number of men in the constituency will run against Mr. Bour Liberal candidate.
THE MARKETS.
THE EQUITY.
PORTAGE DU FORT
SHAW VILLE.
Oats per bushel, 24 to 25c.
Pease per bushel, 58 to OOc.
Eggs, per dozen, 14c.
Butter, per pound, 10 to 17c.
Wool, per pound, 14 to ldo.
Hay, per ton; $5.50 to #7.00. Calfskins, 44) to 45c.
Hides, per 100 pounds, #3.50 to #0.00, Pelts, each. *)0 to 60c.
SHAWVILLE, NOV. 2, 1899.
Roller Mill
1
I
II
EDITORIAL NOTES
*S
Amount
P
Valuations
Municipality
It is reported in political circles that

i <5
having recently been
THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
Tho sudden death of Hon. Peter Mit* J ch ell creates another gap in the rapidly thiipiing ranks of the “ Fathers of Confederation." And it is to the splendid work done by Mr. Mitchell in carrying
Mr. McLeod Stew.rt, the promoter of I *h.e Confederation scheme to . success.	.	_	. V.	.	. ful issue in New Brunswick that the
the Ottawa Canal, says that the work off.	0f the older Canadians will
construction will commence at French instinctively on learning of hia decease.
River and Ottawa next spring. The j A man of unmeasured pluck and magni-
money to start the work of construction ^ent energy, he faced what looked like a .	,	,	.. , .	.. ry ,	. r, discouraging situation m New Brunswick
i8 HVI1 j h . in tu» vu	t in j t|lu c\ose Gf the Confederation negotia
merce at Ottawa. The canal will be com- tions, and, well nigh singlchanded,
pleted unless delays, which are unexpect- brought this key province into line.
ed to take place, on Dominion day, 1903. This ww$ an achievement that might well
have secured for any man a permanent
place in the esteem of his fellow-countrymen
will be able to go up the French river to | that North Bay, where elevators will be constructed. Arrangements will be made
20, 285 39,275 205,305 538,403 04,015 211.205 21,240 04,875 728,650 57,404 47,800 207,485 81,000 150,680
67,690
100,802
105,793
322,491
87,742
100,004
38,803
23,895	10
39,276
130,870	50
5,38.403 04,015 | 211,205 «
21.240	I
82,500	15
485,7< N )	50
62.240	10 47,800
207,486 07,650	20
115,835	30
57,590 100,802 105,793 322,491 87,742 80,771	25
«5,275	10
2,390
Aldtield..........................
Alleyn and Cawuod.................
Allumette Island..................
Bristol..........................
Brvson............................
Calumet Island.....................
Chapeau ...........................
Chichester.........................
Clarendon..........................
Fort Cou lunge.....................
Leslie, Claphaiu, Ac...............
Litchfield.........................
Mansfield and Pontefract...........
Onslow.............................
Portage du Fort....................
Quyon..............................
Shaw ville.........................
South Part of the Township of Onslow
Sheen, Esher, Ac...................
Thorne.............................
Waltham and Bryson.................
OTTAWA.
Eggs per dozen, 18 to 20c.
Butter in pail, (1st quality) 20 to 22c Butter in prints, 20 to 23c.
Cheese per lb., 12 to 13c.
Beef per 100 lbs., #3.50 to #0.50. Lamb per lb., 8 to 10c.
Mutton per lb., 5 to 7c.
Veal per lb., 5 to 7c.
Pork, heavy, #5.50 to #0.00.
Pork, light, #0.25 to #0.00.
Live hogs, select, #4.50.
Live hogs, heavy, #4.00.
Hides per 100, #0.00 to #0.50.
Oats per bushel, 29 to 31c.
Potatoes per bag, 65c.
traight
68,435
First Quality Flour.
1,238
turn
242,850
6.224
** Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full re. turns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
\
13.510
34,761

JOSEPH BROWN,
Proprietor
Inside eighteen months the work on the canal will be advanced so far that boats
But Mr. Mitchell did not stop at He became a Minister in the Cabinet of Sir John Macdonald, and practically created the department of Marine and Fisheries. The value of his work in
with the Canadian l acihc railway to this lino is still keenly appreciated by. Wv hereby caution all parties against
double track its line from North Bay to | all who have to do with that part of our j giving credit to an voue in our names with-
Governmental activity.	| out our verbal authority as we will not lx*
The latest generation of Canadians will responsible for any debt* so contracte!!.
be more apt to think of Mr. Mitchell as-	MBS. KI.LKN 1IOBIN
, ,	. . one of the most picturesque figures in the _	.	1 !*! î:1-
turned from the Soudan, goes back to | parliaments of the eighties. Then lie 1 North Clarendon. Oct. 17. ltW.
Africa with another young French Cana
dian—Capt. Joly de Lotbiniere—as his j &t Ottawa, and made both Government
A great many other a»d, Oppmitunleadere feel the weight ......	of Ins informed and fearless criticism.
trench Canadian», it is stated, are eager Ho waa „ .. third p»rty . • ,mil although
to serve Britain’s cause in Africa, and a j he stotxl alone it was no burlesque. Infair percentage of the contingent now in j stances will txxmr to many iUnstinting the
real effect of his criticisms upon the course of legislation.
In Montreal, his figure was a familiar one. Never averse to political discus preservative of Labclle division of Ottawa j nion, he stood as a representative of the
county, has sent in his resignation to the j ^a-vs: wlujn	s!rito WiVS .^vvvvv
0	.	...	„	.	than it is today and when a politician
Speaker of the llouse of Commons, as a ..enmtted himself n wider license
pretest against the action of the Govern- I language. It goes without saying that
ment of which he is a very strong sup. this was a striking personality, and that
porter, in deciding to send a contingent *lv W1^ bv missed for many a day where
men ga'hcr together to learn political
news and freely discuss its import.
FOR SALE:
20,193
3,528
A quantity of
Notice forbidding Credit.
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
(Signed)
Thon. Ml Farlane,
M. Hay ks, K. Graham
W. H. Mf.rehith G. H. Bkahazon,
Montreal
TO WHOM IT N|AY CONCERN:
We are Agents for
Lt. Col. Girouard, who recently re
sat on what pass for the “ cross benches
D. WILSON’S, The Winchester
right hand man
MAIN STREET. SHAW VILLE,
The Popular Store for
Choice Confectionery,
Groceries,
Fruit, (in season),
-ALSO-
Fresh Oysters,
Served either raw or stewed.
Gentlemen :
Rifle
Having 1 K>ught out the Tailoring business of Mr. Charles Frame, I beg leave to state that I am prepared and in a position to give every satisfaction to those who may entrust me with an order.
:ih
route are Canucks. Mr. Tarte and Mr
Bourassa did not go, however.
Mr. Bourassa, M. P., the young re
u
Catalogue now ready. Write for one and prices.
McDOUCALL & CUZNER,
H
My Motto :
f
Prompt attention to business. No disappointments to patrons.
My Determination :
Customers promptly and courteously treated.
STOVES !
of Canadian troops to the Transvaal, to help to tight Britain’s battles Bourassa does this merely to assure himself whither or not the electors of his
To turn out a c lass of work that will l»ear
son with the very best ; a class of work that by Its stylish and fashionable appearance, will draw the attention of everyone, and the continued patronage of those who entrust me with their first order.
Mr
STOVES !
successful com pari
A CHANGE OF FRONT
FARM FOR SALE
STOVES!
On the Ottawa Ship Canal
Project.
At a Bargain.
constituency hold views similar to his own, when he appeals to them for re-election—providing, of course, his resignation is accepted.
It is the general impression that the
secure
The undersigned offers for sale a farm containing four hundred acres of choice land in the Township of Gurd, District of Parry Sound. Seventy acres cleared ; balance bush. Log house, barn and stable erected on the premises which are well watered and situated one mile from school and post office. The premises are admirably suited for a stock farm. Clear title. For further particulars apply to
XV. J. HODGINS.
Bon field P.O., Out
j A Journal reporter saw Mr. McLeod i Stewart last Saturday morning, tie is I just back from an 8-day trip to Western member for Labelle, in taking this step, Ontario, tie visited Brantford, Simcoe,
is running very little risk of being left Waterford, Hamilton, Toronto and other out in the cold if an election takes place, l^acea- *t Brantford lie was the guest
.. 'to’TteS'2
Ottawa.
The attitude of the Western Ontario papers in regard to the Georgian Bay and Ottawa ship canal has changed, Mr Stewart says, and most of them gave him lengthy interviews about the scheme.
44 1 had a long conversation with the Commissioner of Crown Linds, also with the clerk, about the land grant for the canal.
One Thing Needful.
The comforts of a household are never complete u ithout a good Cook Stove. See to it that the w inter season, which is fast approaching, does not catch you ill-provided in this respect.
Leave your Measure next
u. W. C0IV|BAj tailor.
Still In It.
personally popular with the people, who, while they might differ with him on the question raised, they would not feel disposed to vote against him. This is unfortunate. It seems to us there should be
(McArthur's building. Main St.)
I nm still in the business with a supply of the popular makes, ready for Fall trade, and the large numl>er of Stoves 1 have sold during the past year N suffit lent evidence that 1 keep t lie styles the people are looking for.
CEO. HYNES,
Pontiac
Wooileq
no room in the Canadian House of Com mon» for mon of the Bourassa stamp.
The Farmers’ Stove.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
Our “ NORTH-WEST " High Oven Stove nearly always catches the farmer who takes time to examine it. ami those who have bought one say it is just the thing.
A Cabinet Shufile in Ontario
Since our last issue quite a change has taken place in the make up of the Ontario Government. Mr. Hardy has gone into retirement, on account of the iniquities which have been unearthed in connection with the election of supporters to bolster up his cabinet, and Hon. Geo. W Ross has become the fourth premier of the Province. Hon. Mr. Harty, Minister of Public Works, the Catholic representative for the Govern» ment, has also retired, and his place has been tilled by the selection of Mr. F. R. Latchford, an Ottawa gentleman. Mr. Harty, however, will remain in the cabinet without portfolio. Mr. J. R. Stratton, a Toronto man, gets the Provincial Treasurership. With these and other changes, the reconstructed cabinet is as follows :
Premier and provincial treasurer, Hon. Geo. W. Ross.
Attorney-general, Hon. J. M. Gib- j
WHAT is WANTED.
“ I want the Ontario government to grant me 1,000 acres a mile for 400 miles —that is 400,000 acres altogether —say partly agricultural lands, partly mineral lands and partly timber lands, as a bonus for spending twenty million dollars of British capital within the nert three years in the Ottawa valley.
“ I have seen a great many of the local membeis in Western Ontario of b>th sides of politics, and they say they will support
me in getting the grant."	, m.
“ How is the feeling in the west about TllO OUly EStcl ullSJlIHOIlt the contingent î ’was asked.	I	* .,	¦ •	¦ «	, ¦
“ Very strong. They all want the	Of ItS lHHU 111 tÜG
contingent sent at the expense of Canada. |	ç« ^
Several kinds of Under-Oven Stoves on hand. See tfjem.
R. J. BLACK, Main St., SHAWVILLE.
A large, well selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Mils
PROPERTY FOR SALE.
1000 Lambs
WANTED.
IN UNDERTAKING
The undersigned offers for sale his tie 8 ira b le property situated on Main street, Shaw ville, opposite the Bank. For terms and particulars apply to
I also keep a complete stock of t une-ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
Farmers having lambs to dispose of this Season will do well to hold them until they get our prices, as they are hound to be the highest that wil Ik* paid.
JAS. ROBINSON,
Buyer for Mr. Jamieson,
Renfrew.
SILAS YOUNG,
Parkman I*. O
Shawville
SHAWVILLE
Meat Market.
CATTLE ASTRAY.
CARDING SPINNING
Etc. Etc.
August 21, 1899,
9
Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned, about the 1st October, one heifer and steer, al>out two years old.
) Owner can have the same by proving ownership and paying expenses incurred.
I	MRS. THOS. HUDGINS.
Oct. 30, 99.	W
General Supply Farm Machinery and Carriage
Public Notice.
CHOICE FRESH AND CURED
Taxes !
Taxes !
Radford,
MEATS OF ALL KINDS
Ratepayers of Thorne, resident or ab-
for county sale if not paid before the 1st day of Decern U*r, 1899.
Beware of the heavy costa.
Order of Council,
Depot.
eon
4 GENTS WANTED-FOR “THE LIFE Æ and Achievements of Admiral Dewey,” the world’s greatest Naval hero. By Murat Halstead, the life-long friend and admirer of the nation's Idol. Biggest and best over 500 pages, 8x10 Inches ; nearly 100 halftone Illustrations. Only Si.50. mous demand. Big Commissions, free. Chftnce of a lifetime: Write quick The Dominion Company 3rd Floor Caxton Bldg., Chicago.
DONE IN THE USUAL PROMPT AND SATISFACTORY MANNER.
Minister of education, Hon. Richard Harcourt.
Minister of agriculture, Hon. John Dryden.
Commissioner of crown lands, Hon. J.
E. Davis.
Provincial secretary, Hon. J. R. Strat-1 Expresses
NOW IN STOCK.
books
nage:
Enor-
Uutflt
o
Thanking the publlic for past patronage, I respectfully solicit a continuance of the same.
Farm Machinery (all kinds,)
W AOGONS,
_ 4fri S. M. LOGAN,
Given at Thorne Centre, ) Sec.-Treaa. October 4, 1899.	)
Always In Stock a large and well
J. G. McGUIRE.
ton.
of
Carriages Buggies, Hon. I Carts,
Minister of public works, Hon. F. R Latchford.
Ministers without portfolio,
Messrs. J. F. Garrow and Wm. Harty.
Worsteds,
Serges,
T weeds, Flannels, Prints, &c.
Some Clothing is made to or
der, not made to fit. Shorey’s Clothing is made to
fit, not made to order. Every garment guaranteed.
i Sold only by the best dealers.
Sewing Machines, Washing Machines Wringers,
Churns.
HON. PETER MITCHELL
DEAD.
/
»
Ii *+
He was the Man who. Brought Confederation to a Successful
Issue.
Straw Cvtters, Corn Shellers, Wheelbarrows.
Hon. Peter Mitchell, me of the “ Fathers of Confederation,’’ and among the last of the great politicians of the bygone generation, died in his room at the I Everything required by tqe Farmer
Windsor Hotel last evening.	.	..	,	, .	,	.. , .
in the line of machinery to lighten
the work about his premises may
be got here.
o—
These Goods are from
the best Scotch, English
and Canadian manufactories.
They have been selected with a view to
supplying people with the class of goods they require, and they have been marked at prices that must sell them when ex-mined.
i
Mr. Mitchell's death came altogether as a surprise, as he was about the hotel last evening, and did not retire until ten o’clock. He seemed then as robust and as well as he has been for some time past, I jm p a yo though he was by no means in his nor-1 A A	°
mal health. Between ten and eleven
$
i
o
To buy a good article, and an inspec-o’clock last evening Mr. Mitchell left the I tion of our stock will show that we keep rotunda of the hotel, and retired to his j only the best goods of the best makers, room on the second floor. This was the last seen of him alive.
This morning, when one of the cham ber-maids was making her rounds, she discovered that his boots, which he always stood outside the door in order that
Shorey's Ready Tailored Clothing can he obtained from the following firms
County of Pontiac :
in the
Prices that will sell.
A. HODGINS
H. S. DOWD. QUYON.
O MEAllA BROS., BRYSON.
f. a. maloney, chapeau

0. F. HODOINS, SHAWVILLE.
paul McNally, Campbell s bay.
8. SMITH, BRISTOL STATION.
A. SMILEY.
J
PROPRIETOR.



%

###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
JAN. HOPE Sc Co.
G. I. Donaldson,
I 9
with an air of authority that the govern-ITANVFACTURiSO STATIONERS,BOOKSEL I meut» plan is to terminate the war in the
.... assaaMff I
razed and to promulgate by order of the Queen in council a new constitution for
______NOTARY FOR THE I • BrouP of five federal states: Cape Colony,
RELIANCE loan AND SAVINGS the Transvaal, Natal, the Orange river, Co.,OF ONTARIO.	F:ee State and llhodesia, under the titles
of the Dominion of South Africa, the ....... ¦¦¦¦	crown to nominate a governor-general
^^	11 ^hnwville on Tuesday of every Bnd the five states having gxiwer each to
Inégal advertising, eight cent# per line fori —__________________	Meet its own lieutenant-governor and to
first Insertion and four cent» per line for	__	_ .	have local legislatures, with a dominion
, s	R. MITCHELL,	parliament to meet at Capo Town. With
ac%èd at %.0U per year	nciln* BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT, some modifications the scheme is based
Local announcement* Inserted at the rate 2>r the District of Pontiac. Offlee. Main Bt;, upon lines similar to those of the Cans-
offlve cents per line for first Insertion and	Ht	*	.	,	,	ian government,
three cents for subsequent Insertions.	Accounts	collected	and	prompt returns'
Commercial advertising by the month or mB for longer periods inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry tb cents per line.

A Weekly «Journal devoted to local Interests.
PUI1LHHED EVERT THUKftDAY
AT HMAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION—$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages e paid, unless by special arrangement with ubllsher.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
WAR NEWS.
LX- * A
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
NOTARY PUHLI

I

d

JEWELLER
"•v "
KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK OP
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.
MONKY TO LOAN ON BABY TERMS
BRYSON, - - QUE.
1000 MEN WANTED I
0
il
V-
ADVKRTIHINQ RATES
*
t
r
if ?.
t
Not to go to South Africa with the Canadian contingent, but to call at
f
X. ^

BeiAiRitr#!—
a Speciality
t
SBAWVILLE, 6.
G. F. HOGGINS’ DEPARTMENTAL STORE
THEY ARE OFF
HAW VlLLB HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
Any day (Sundays excepted) between 7, a. m., and 8, p. m., when kind and courteous treatment will ... be extended to all. . . .
?
Canadian Contingent have Sailed For the Transvaal.
On Monday at 2 o'clock, p. m Canadian Contingent, one thousand strong, boarded the Sardinian and sailed at three, amidst a perfect ovation of cheers from the thousands of loyal throats of those who had assembled to bid a last farewell to our brave soldier boys.
ESTABLISHED 1886.
t
\
ree
The Shawville
the
JOB PRINTING
FACTORY.
The spot spot for—
SASH and DOOR
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
A Fashionable Hair Cut, (iooi) Shampoo, or A Clkan Shave.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
ALL KINDS OF
At* Your Turn next
Wo have some extra value to show in our Clothing Department.
Storey’s Rigby-proofed Frieze Ulsters, Men's Heavy Double-breasted Suits, IV|ens’ Heavy Reefers,
Men’s Tweed Pants in every weight.
Interior & Eiterior
Aflrent for The STAR LAUNDRY of Ottawa.
Articles to Ik* laundried forwarded every
Tuesday morning.
Business Cards.
FINISH FOR
Houses 5c Verandahs
HARDY WELL CARED FOR
MEDICAL.
The Retired Ontario Premier Ac-comidated With a Snug Office at Osgoode Hall.
Toronto, Oct. 23 —Hi n. A. S. Hardy has been appointed surrogate cleik and
manufactured
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B./\.,
THE LAST BOER WAR
DOORS, 8AHH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. Ar ,
Kept in stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULARPRICES
Graduate of McGill University
The circumstances that led up to the
Will occupy the office of Dr. II. U. Knox I last war with the Boers may seem to be- ,	,
during his absence.	| long to ancient history, but a right know c ei* the process at Os^oode hall, and
ledge of the facts is necessary to the un- wae eworn }n to-day. The office of sur
D. B. ALEXANDER, M.D..C. M.,|	‘ï Z Kh4.Î.	.V. J, t
p j M q	I events of twenty years ago. The Presi-
Or.dM.te of Trinity Unlver.ity, Toronto ; Or.dn.tr don', of the Boer Uapublic in March, 1877, of victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by drew the attention of the \ olksraad to examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. ( the critical position of their affairs. The Omci and ItcHiifKNce : J. II Armhtronu'h Hovhe, treasury empty, and the interest on the main street - • 8HAWV1LI.K.	debt due three months before was unpaid.
There were other liabilities outstanding, and no means of meeting them. The Zulus and other natives had driven of the Boers from their farms, and threatened them with extermination; lie there* fore urged upon the Volksraad the “duty of coining to an arrangement with the British Government,” as the only solution of the many difficulties they had to face.
The majority of the Boers were appar entlj of ttie opinion that this was the only course open to them, and President Burgers entered into communication with Sir Theopliilus Shepstone with a view to placing the country under British protection. It was arranged that Sir Theophilus Shepatono should quietly annex the Tran: -vas I, and that President Burgers, to pacify some of the irreconcilable*?, should issue a formal protest. Were is the account of
à TTORNEY AT LAW. Main Rt. Hull, the transaction written by Sir Theophilus A Que. will, atrequcHt.ntienciallcoiirts Shepstone at the time:—
i>“ ^e.wel;iic!• All=or'el‘’°udenc'‘)r°mrt- Ve.terday morning, Mr. Burgers Will be at.dhaw ville first Thursday ofeacb came to me to arrange how the matter month.	should be done. I read to him the draft
or my proclamation, and he proposed the alteration of two words, to which 1 agreed.
He brought to me a number of conditions which he wished mo to insert, which 1 have accepted and have embodied in my
He told mo that lie could

McCREDIE & HODGINS.
Estimates furnished
process, by the late Alex. MacDonell.
The announcement created amazement in both Liberal and Conservative circles. Many even refused to credit the statement. The salary attaching the first office is $2,000 and to the second $1,400, making $3,400. It is understood, however, that the appointments were in Hardy a own choice and indicate that he is in even a worse state of health than even his friends supposed. The duties of a judgeship, especially to a man who has been long out of actual practise, are very onerous. The positions Mr. Hardy has | taken amount practically to a sinecure
O
Remember our bargains are not con- THE BOLL ELECTRIC CO,
fined to one department, but run clean around the Store.
Cars run at Intervals of twenty minutes In the morning and fifteen minute» lu the after noon, dally, Sundays Included.
LEGAL.
many
BOURREAU RAINVILLE, l. L, L
'I
Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled
JUST IN !
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
WILL VISIT ShAWVILLK EVERY MONDAY
An elegant array of Goods, suitable for Birthday or Wedding Gifts.
W. R. TAYLOR
Hec.-Treas
WM. GAMBLE,
" KEEPING COWS FOE PROFIT."
A Treatise on up-to-date Daily
ing.
BARRISTER, &e.,
159 Main Street,.........
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over O. F. Hodgtna* Store, Main St.


Hull.

see
Stevens Rifles
G. F. HODGINS
" Keeping Cows for Profit ” is the well chosen title of the newest work on prac tical dairying to couie under our notice. We understand that a large issue < f this little publication id being gratuitously circulated with compliments of the De Laval SeparatorwCo., 74 Cortlandt S'., New York, which concern offers to send a copy to every reader of The Equity upon request.
The book treats of dairying ns a manufacturing business and discusses its problems from the standpoint that every dairy farmer is just as much a business man as though engaged in any other manufacturing or commercial undertaking. It is compiled in terse, practical manner, is easily readable, and can hardly fail to be interesting and instructive to every one in any way concerned iu dairying. It is splendidly printed, hard-somely illustrated, and altogether pleasing. The front cover shows a lithographed milking scene, and the back cover a cut of the Jersey cow, Ida Marigold, which received first prize at the Chicago Exposition.
The book begins with a brief review of the history of dairying, shows the relative percentages of the various component parts of the different dairying products, takes up the production and marketing of such products in one form after another, and closes with a pertinent reference to
Arthur McConnell.
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
are guaranteed to be
I
? -
: SAFE, SOLID, ACCURATE,
' 4
¦* «
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
the
j.	$6.00 “ Favorite”
X to our most expensive "Ideal." 3
; ;F**o;
If
? <
WANTED Farmers' sons or other in dustrious persons of fair education to whom $40.00 a month would he an inducement. I could also engage a few Indies at their own homes.

» 4
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,
Hull,Que
230 Main St ,
? 4
p r< >c a m u n WÊÊÊIÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊlEÊfIBl
(Old Registry Office, opposite Court House.) not he!n issuing a protest to keep the
Law business In District ot Pontiac attend- noisy portion of the people quiet— ai d ed tu.	yUU will see grounds for this precaution
when I tell you that there are only half-a-d< Zdii native constables to represent the of the slate in Pretoria, and a con-
; ; The “IDEAL” No. 44 is a fine rifle.
-1 ONE OF OUR LEADERS, price only $10.
± We goal <ntee it in every respect. Nothin ing cheap about it but the price.
Y Made regularly In .22. .25 and .32 cal-T ihre rim-tire. .23-20 STEVENS, .33-40. * T .34-53 and. 41-10 center-lire.
g IN SPECIAL SIZES, 612.00.
Send stamp for complete Catalog and
£	Hand Book.
SHAWVILLE.
T. H. LINSCOTT,
Brantford
Planing,
Matching Dressing
W. W. IRELAND,
power
aiderablo number of the Boers in the neighborhood are of the lowest and most ignorant class. Mr, Burgers read me, too, the draft of his protest and asked me if 1 any objection toil or thought it too strong. 1 said that it appeared to me to pledge the people to resist by and-by; to which he replied that it was to tide over the difficulty of the moment, seeing that my support, the troops were a fortnight's inarch distant, and that by the time the answer to the protest came all desire of opposition would have died out, 1 there-did not persuade him from his protest.”
It is easy to point out mistakes after private dairying the event, and for Sir Theophilus Shep.	_
S###	or Bvetremghing.
baud for sale: Office: Sbawvllle, Que.	The Zulus were crushed at a coat to Great killed and 2o passengers injured, several
Britain of many gallant lives, and *30, of them «erioualy.
Court Shawville,	11% bi%w, Kev. « H. Harriaon, of Texa. was
No. %?*.	the Boers' ancient spirit of independence hanged on the 26th wit. for the murder of
###@#
V,,lduîl,bïnvb|"d.COr' have* been? f	^nple^w^eubb^^nk'? subsequently found out and he was arrest-
repremative, at that time appears a series Texas that a minister of the gospel has of bungles, admirably calculated to in, suffered capital punishment.
Afnca*	losers arc: Thos Craig, four stores; Hay’s
v'T' ssts Srtj&t .KttaaaK
inland revenue offices; Mr. Nelson, Jewel- urcr that the Supplement to the Jurors er; P. Brawden, druggist; Brawden «V List for the year 1H9D will be submitted to Thoroid, merchant tailors:C. E Dauphin, the Municipal Council for its approval at
fries, groceries; P. R. Campbell, Arlington London, Oct. 20.—It is reported that Hotel; L. Reycroft, and H. D. Smith,
Great Britian’s immense military prepar- barristers I. N. North, photographer; ations against two insignificant republics and several societies. The loss is very are viewed with considerable curiosity in heavy, some of the European capitals, notably
-u ‘=^’- z Ht?
will be addressed to the British remarkable Military Trial and scandal of
the age. Big book, well illustrated, sells
on sight. Snap for canvassers.
BRADLEY GARRETSON CO., Lt d,
Brantford.
» «
Clerk of the District Magistrates’ Court
Commissioner and Conveyancer Mortgages, etc., executed legally t.ntl sails factorlly.
Deeds
Go to
saw
J. STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL CO.,
QUE.
SHAWVILLE -
DALE BROS.
P.O.Box 1311.
CHICOPEE FALLS, MASS,
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
T>AILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT L> Shawville . Que., respectfully noücits eugagementsfor any business 1 u connection with all Courts In the County. Collections
madeandp'-omptreturnsassured
and
For anything and everything in the line of - - -
Stoves,
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
LUMBER OF ALL KINDS
done at
reasonable rates.
Tinware,
GENERAL.
Furnaces,
J. J. TURNER,
To bay well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Oroear and Storekeeper The Hardware end Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
Samples Free
all demands supplied for
ROUGH AND DRESSED LUMBER.
MacLEAN PUB. CO.t Limited
J. G. ELLIOTT
WM. BARBER
Jobbing and Repairing
CmËl
An Earthquake


l
Always creates a lot of excitement. Incidentslly we might remark that our splendid and well selected stock of general merchandise is creating a like amount of excitement amongst the purchasing public, the cause being our very low prices.
PATENTS
W
Neatly and promptly executed at low ' prices. Good workmanship guaranteed.
PROMPTLY SECURED I

L.B.C
Write for our interesting books " Invent; or’s Help” and “How you are swindled. Send ua a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion aa to whether it is probably patentable. We make a apecialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION * MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS A
Civil A Mechanical Engineer*, Graduates of the Polytechnic School of Engineering, Bachelors In Applied Sciences, Laval University, Members Patent Law Association. American W ater works Association, New England Water Works Assoc. P. Q. Buivcyors Association, Assoc. Member Can. Society of Civil Engineers.
«rr ece. < HEW YORK LIFE SLDO., MONTREAL BAN. OFFICES: ATLANTIC BUILDING., WASHINGTON, 0.0.
J. A. Cowan, R.S.
Hugh Hobbs, C. R
The Farmer
DALE BROS.
HOTELS.
SHAWVILLE, QUE
will find ub prepared to supply hie every need. We have everything requires from a plough to a suit of clothes
St. Lawrence Hall,
TS
he
•»
«	Mrs C, M. McLean, •
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar algA	ways well furnished.
First-clash Livery Attached.
The Housewife
Will also be pleased to learn that our stock of groceries and household necessities was never so large and complete. We have everything she may require to make the home happy and comfortable.
NOTICE.
PONTIAC HOUsf
60 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
WHEN THE WAR IS OVER


S


i

The Five South African States Will be Governed Like Canada.
mm

In Conclusion,
¦9/
%
Suffice it to say we have everything usually kept in an up to date general store.
tober,1809,
Trademarks Designs
rrTWn Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending a sketch and desert -.
quickly ascertain oar opinion free whether an
sas*™
special notice, without charge. In the
Scientific American.
J. R HORNER,
Sec.-Tiras
«.
aim,
SILAS YOUNG
Starke’s Corners.
I
The New
AGENTS Light of Life Testament explained and the Lives of the Apostles ; two books in one. Endorsed by all clergymen. Bonanza for canvassers. Agents taking orders from three fourths calls made. If you want a share in this gold mine, hustle.
BRADLEY-GARRETSON CO., Limited.
Brantford,
i
even inquiries
government as to the contemplated absorption of the two republics by the British empire.
The Press association tonight announces,
To PÂTEIT Good Ideal
T.*nre*t dr. Term*. $3 a
A handsomely Illustrated weekly, eolation of any aclenuflc journal, year i four month», $L Sold by all n
m #

THE PATENT RECORD,
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
C. CALDWELL, • •

PROPRIETOR




###PAGE###6###
s?i* sr‘vir.5srr |	I sudden Klondike riches l -.«SfiSi-™*--
jested that the "radiant” indicated the Bluff make uaa of the expression com-	cj-00 Mint by the Alaska Commercial
uw*«<* & ,«o«m «« «««	WiJffa
The suggestion was not accepted at f.hvy hft(l not heard him use the wonls	POVERTY TO WEAL I H.	kintJ uw but 1 cleared more than 4ft) | WHAT IS ÜOINC1 ON IN THB POUR
tho time, but the dUeussion was again limputed to him. This was a bit too	- .nViinds o gold from July, 1897
m§mm MiisiW
! A grand celestial parade of meteors repeated in 1867, the a warm requir- bat under fny arm, as it waa, sultry, 11 After paying a brief visit to Ids fm	ft|l(j ff0t besides about $10,090 in
Is scheduled for November 14, and ln«	three years to pass aglV- tifl°I	uît BlThlt on 1 bom€ Md h1^08 in Savinnah' gold from it.	tri J1L	I Siam's Crown Prince having com-
Eï=i El@ iispi I " " : T :
ixisses obliquely through the stream, were numerous and forearmed. "Cense And these Zarptt aj>e the brutes who $300,000, Four years ago he was 1 travel all ovei ihe wo. d ““J1* od 1,1	whlch Ieave 1,16 th[et
F'xzz.'t sf.v.sà': mt'-sjsstssrm;
meteors for several hours.	ing Venus at her hesl ,tarte,I from Mlowe et , body otthew Zuri* being trapped front Sau Francisco to For,-	Tn v“ I shall re I Resent.
aemes mmsm#
_ _ _ _ _
overj owe red by their frequency. Hut which the burghers are not liable,” hut Pinching economy. lie returned to TROOPS FOR SOUTH AFRICA.	Melbourne, Australia, recently enduring a previous interval of seven the Government easily got over that	San Francisco in September, 1898, and	  perienced the firvt full of snow in its
minutes and five seconds four ohser- little difficulty by saying that *‘<he tax	bad more than $100,000 on deposit m	LM.#,n| THiU	will	s.mn	be	en	history. It came» late in the Austra-
\ors rckoned, Mt and dunng nn hour is levied on the whole population,” ,j Crocker-Wuolawui t h Bank besides	in<-	ml -4 «.rp« *el«-eie«l.	ban winter and was heavy enough for
«ft.	S£•aya.*» ™	..... .. »	........ - ^	Z <*
b wiring stratum and the ethereal And this is a fair specimen of the owned two rich placer mines on Kldur- djers will be employed in the I runs- uvnignan aim	..
ro kets’ had ceased to flv."	wily way they have of wriggling out ado Creek in the Klondike region.	vailj whilst tho estimated expenditure venues, is so strongly on Urey us »»
w^:red.ln,teref TTT" I* of th,*ir tnMlfy nnd °,h«r duMe8'	Ho has invested his sud lenly gotten is ' !lt fri>m svVo,i to ten million that it has named si reels after Al-
SÉsTBHB52-'....................................-,	.........	»•- teu ...........;
August meteors were moving in the	cently made an ascent at Allegheny	Besides, he has a half inteiest in an	sjloti	Czechs feel sure that no German will
same path as Tuttle's com *t of 1862.	c[ Pennsylvania, and came down-	ostrich	farm at Pasadena, Cal., that	2nd	battalion	Devonshire Regiment,	be g|)le to pronounce his name.
oribV of ‘tItm	tl> of*’ 180fld and	attempted to come down - with a is generally supposed to have cost him 111 h1 ,icut-Col. U. M. Bullock, from A[| (h() exterior of tbe great Sec re
at the sumo time Leverrier published	parachute. The Pittsburg news	$W*X)	or $-0,000, and he recently	' „ e. **.	' ....	w	. Yorkshire Régi-	Coeur Church in Montmartre ha» been
his orbit of the Leonid meteors, and	papers tell tho story of the adventure,	bought	a block of stock in the Los	^ ^ |	14th—Col	F • W. Kitchener,	completed and the scaffoldings which
they were found to be the same. In Vu9seu went up to a height of two	Angeles, Oui., traction railway for	Fmm Aldershot.’ .*	'	have marked the hill for so many years*
pEEiBHH rsajsrL snxzr :	.&km	w	sk	HESEkEîE
(tefunet cornet, and the inference was bauds. He plunged straight down-	business at Sacramento, Cal., at a	Bui levant.	decoration is finished
:::
solar system Is now fully established, posing that the parachute would nut U	home at hacramento. Ue mm lgt u.nta|ion Hoyal Welsh Fusiliers. nimiteen colossal statues of Christ in
and other meteor systems show ft open. But at this	point the wind	several small investments at Los An-	23rd—Lieut .-Col. C. C. H. Thorold.	conspicuous points of the peninsula,
similar relation to th* i*iths of other 0Fenet| p and Cassell	noured the earth	geb s. Oil. Bits of the story he told	From Pembroke Dock.	Among the places selected are Mount
cornels. I>rof. Alexander Herseht-1	gradually	of his extraordinary rise from poverty 2nd battalion Cameronians, Scottish So r acte, the G mu Sasso d Italia, and
S&SL?-îsu'ïsurïTfti	b...	...	B coot'r"° xVTirurL'ï.';:", 5
were. In the case of the Leonids and Bailing along in a level course before 1 was born in Savannah, N.A., said	*	, iIiniHkilling gilded oast iron.
i'.».'xt-Ah".sKr„:zr,L,,'rJ;%ssjst;2s.r.£e»JS	«• «• «r	JZ
are of the opinion that the comet it- vhuroh. which has	two high spires.	Central tracks and later was watch-	I hat keray. i lom Mu g •	hunting in the ( huroh o ba
self is in the densest part of the Here the parachute ceased its lateral,	man at the New York Central bridge	2nd Battalion the Black Waten.	cisco for the burial place of Count Ugo-
Tbe longer the comet has movement, and descended steadily to- over the long Muniezuma marshes and Hoy a I Highlanders, 73nl—-Lite ut.-vol.	bave found a tomb containing thj
been in the system the more widely ward the spires.	the Seneca River just east of Sevan- J. 11. C. Coode. From Aldershot.	bones of a man and four children, and
Scattered will be Its particles.	it became evident to Cassell, glane- nab. There were seven of us children Rrd Battalion King’s Royal Rifle a piece of iron chain, which they think
downward, that the big umbrella and four were older than 1. We were Con>s. (iOlh—Lieut.-Col. R. U. Buchan- is the object of their search. Accorddropping straight upon one of the very poor, lived in a shanty and ate an-Biddell. From Kilkenny.	ing 'to the story, made famous by
steeples, which was tipped with sev-t but the commonest, cheapest food. lst j^ttalion Durham Light lufan- Dante, the Count, with his sons, and erul sharii-pointed lightning-rods. He Mother died of typhoid fever when 1	ng,h—Lieut.-Col. A. L. Woodland, nephews, wns shut up in a tower i>y
wondered fur an instant why, with all was 10 years old and father held the Fr,jm Aldershot!	his enemies on a charge of treason and
the earth to choose irum, fate should family together, until two years later,	.. Highland Light Infan- allowed to starve to death,
have selected the sharp spear of a when we had to get out and earn our **i u*iia	b	From Dev- An Eastbourne doctor has been the
lightning-rod upon which to impale own livelihood. 1 went to hyracu.se	'lsl vole *	'	'	victim of his own medicine. He made
“•	Vt&Tt	M Vulta. talon, tatatao. . d„0,M	. tata.ta.lM 1.
blacked boots for my living. Then 1	.8th—Lieut.-C ol. J. W. Uug.u's-ll.il e t,	by mistake strychnine instead of
got a job in a livejy stable at Auburn	D. S. O. From 1*ort («verge.	chloroform, and when she complained
and then 1 worked on the Soule farm,	2nd Battalion Royal Irish Fusiliers,	tjia.'t it made her sick, got angry, and
near Savannah. The late A. T. Soule 89th—Lieut.-Col. J. Reeves. From to prove that the medicine was all took me fo work for him dn tbe fillip- Colchester.	right swallowed half the content s of
ing department of his factory in Roch- %st Battalion Connaught Rangers, the bottle himself. He immediately receler, bu,l 1 was too ignorant to read pgtb_F(>l. L. G. Brooke. From Ath- cognized the symptoms, of strychnine writing well, and 1 made so many jone	poisoning, used a stomach pump and
blunders that I	Battalion Argyll and Sutherland other means to destroy the effects, but
élise:: s%-=«=
102nd—Lieut.-Col. G. A. Mills. From cently. The German Post Office uses Dublin.	numbers for the months in stamping
In addition to the above the South peters, and on Sept. 9 collectors de-African force under Sir Redvers Bui- termiue(1 to obtain the unusual scier would include four of the Guards ^ 0f nines from district office Battalions and one of the Rifle Bn-	wboae 8tamp on that day would
gade.	read 99.9.‘».y9. A mob of over a thou-
Tho following battalions are either san(1 persons stood outside the office in South Africa or en route there:— wben ^ opene»i, so that (lie police had
1st Battalion Nonhumberlaud Fusi- to be called in to keep it in order and liera, 5th—Lieut.-Col. C. G. C. Money, all available help was sent from the q B.	general Post Office to handle the mail
1st Bat taTon King's Liverpool Regi- matter. The r^sh continued through 8th—Lieut.-Col. S. L. Millar. the day and aï. night the police had 1st Battalion Devonshire, Regiment, to use force to disperse the crowd that 11th—Col. J. H. Yule.	was waiting after the closing hours
X?SWVW-i.™
1st Battalion Gloucestershire Regi- stamped dunng tie (»y. ment. 28 th-Li eut.-Col g. E. P. Wilford.
THE MIDDLE üf NOVEMBER Ï
THEN YOU MAY SEE A MAGNIFICENT DISPLAY OF METEORS.
to
CORNERS OP THE GLOBE,
la fiera Bui Once In livery Thirty Three
tool-
mil Torn might Into D.iy
Irar* ThoBtaml. of the Bright Ing Hurt
1er All North America
Old end New World Events of Intereet Chronicled Briefly—Interesting Happenings of Recent Dele.
ml the prediction was
brother, Prince Rnugsit, bus now been sent to England to school.
Theatre omnibuses have been start-
On the Queensland, New South Wales
rear guard in the year 1900 members of this celestial army are
known by the name of the Leonids, since their paths traced backward all radiate from a point in the constella t ion Leo and blue, and they march in double quick time, with a speed averaging 26 miles a second.
Their uniform is green
As it happens, we are hastening to meet the Leonids, and as a result of the combination of their speed with ours, which is 19 miles a second, that of the Leonids is equivalent to 40 or W* miles a second. They make their presence known to us by means of vivid and persistent flashes of light, as they dash recklessly into the air surrounding our planet and bombard us with their celestial artillery. 1 bus we are "Pelted with star dust, with meteor balls."
hundred thousand miles wide
'Battalions of Leonids are marching In widely extended ranks, about 1C0,-CO » miles across by a concerted plan along a prescribed tract, nearly two thousand million miles iu span, under
orders sealed perhaps forever to human intelligence. At every return there are desert res from the ranks, worn out by th s tremendous journey, lasting o.er 33 years. On the coming occasion there may be some Leonids w ho enjoyed a brief glimpse of Planet Earth as they hastened by it on their way in lti-3 and 18 d, and at the parade Ln IS. 9 they may decide to become better acquainted with our planet. As a consequence the companies and columns oi the Leonids will be broken unit gaps left by the deserters, but their places are soon taken, and the companies and columns become as d m-
swarm
pact as ever.
Meanwhile the ardor of the deserters
diminishes somewhat as they pl-unge into the shield of air protecting us from such intruders; they encounter numberless obstacles in the way, particles of air, and a battle ensues between the deserters from the ranks of meteors and the particles, resulting J$Ul [on, for tfae defeat tor the fo
lug
was
PAUL KRUGER'S POLICE
1

SOMETHING ABOUT THE IGNORANT AND BRUTAL ZARPS.
la tier and disastrous
ormer.
Foi a few brief seconds the vanquished are surrounded by a blaze of light, until they reach a point about five miles overhead, then they fade away crumbling into dust, their glory laving utterly departed.
At the coming celestial parade we shall be on the watch for such delinquents, sentries will be on guard armed with cameras, with which pictures will be taken of the meteors cameras must be focused and ready for service from midnight until dawn, and it is hoped that many captures may be made during the "wee sma’ hours ay ont the twal.”
VISIBLE TO ALL)
An Englishman'* Exiicrlmre* In Johannesburg - A DrploraUIr t outllllon wf AT* fair* —Hew ihr Karr* Levy Taxe*.
" An Englishman writes from a village in Derbyshire to the Sheffield Week as follows :
At the present time, when so much interest is centred on the Transvaal and its doings, a short account of some of my own experience in and impressions of that country, and Johannesburg in particular, may not be amiss.
He escaped impalement, but so narrowly that the parachute caught on the top of the steeple, stopping him with so suuden a jerk that nothing but his great strength saved him from being hurled to the earth.
As he o uid not detach the entangled parachute, he managed to get his leet upon the sill of a little Gothic window. Then he worked himself into a sitting posture, and clung there
means of getting down, nor of getting through the window, or escaping in any way without help.
It was an hour before relief, in ihe shape of his wife and his assistant, arrived, and during this hour Cassell,
I
The
There was
KAN AWAY TO PALMYRA
Them 1 worked as boy for the Cuylers, 'From the lime l was twenty until 1 was twenty-seven 1 was a hired laborer and semi-tramp. I went through more vicissitudes in seven years than most men do in a lifetime saved, worked and pinched, cire of a team of horses sent from Buffalo to Oakland, Cal., and thereby got a ride in a freight car across tho continent. In California 1 wan a dishwasher, window washer, street paver, street car driver and stableman, saved about $200 in four years. Hear ing that big money could be made in digging gold on the X ukuu River in
Alaska, 1 went there in the spring of were found to be too short.	Cassell	WOixld take a big hook to tell
then went out on the roof of the ajj about our sufferings from hunger, church, and making use of the rope I *uld and loaliness. I was at Circle which he had left dangling, climbed (.’Ry for three months, and 1 never be-onc-e more to the top, tbre the fore knew so hard or cruel a life parachute away, and let it float to i he seriously contemplaied suicide. There
ground.	was no gold there to be got and 1
Then he slid down again, and was was suffering from scurvy, ready for another ascent.	"A sleek Indian came one day over-
to	He
excited the 400 miners in Circle City by telling them of the finding of gold in great quantities on a creek known as the Klondike. He showed specimens and said he himself had seen Joe Ladue get a pound of gold there in ten hours
crazy that night
slept. Sick as I was, 1 joined t he first party of forty men who went on the little steamer Weare down the Yukon to what is now Dawson. It was cold and bleak, but so gold hungry were we that we paid no attention to that. An lunuit, a native Indian, showed me where 1 could make a claim to a 'placer bend and where I could dig gold.(It is a long story, but in a week /I had my claim staked out and recorded and l tent up. Then 1 began to dig for gold. I got $3 a pan for the first hour, and at bedrock, some thirteen feet below, I got $8 and sometimes $10 a pan.
"In two weeks 1 had five pounds of gold. With that 1 bought pine lugs and lumber and built a cabin, which cost me about $1,700, and which would be dear at $60 anywhere in Wayne county. But, oh,
no
The Zarps foot police as they are called, are thorns in the sides of the perched, on his narrow window-seat, Uitlanders. A mure ignorant, brutish lived an age. He then cut his para-
:;;:vx n r :
be hard to match anywhere in the Ryde attached a heavier rope to the world. They use their clubs, which cord, and Cassell pulled this up, tied it they always carry dangling to their to the spire, and slid down in safety
wriBls, in a moat aggressive manner ^the	parachute had t0
and revolvers on the slightest and [#e rescued. Five fire department often no provocation. 1 saw a Zarp ladders were lashed together, but they one day running a nigger, who had
But 1 1 took
There will not be the exorbitant demand for seats on grand stands at the celestial parade, for so long as we look in the right direction at the right time the display will bo visible for ail. Before midnight the meteors will appear shoo ling upward from the northeastern horizon, but later on, as the radiant point approaches midheaven, "the sky," as an old lady expressed it in speaking of the meteoric shower of 18.3, "will be like a great umbrella."
The predicted time of maximum of the Leonids is November 51, at 18 hours Greenwich mean time, and as the Leonids will not visit us again for 331-4 years, no pains should be spared to secure the best possible observations. Tho most useful observations that can be made by amateurs are those which will serve to determine the number of meteors visible per hour throughout the entire duration of the shower. In this way many valuable observations were secured last year at the November display from observers in all parts of the world.
The most important time for observation is from midnight until dawn, as comparatively few meteors are expected earlier.
1
ment
given him the slip, through the most
crowded part of Johannesburg
tween the chains," in front of the
Stock Exchange, and trying to cover
him with his revolver I The nigger
dodged in and out of the crowd and so
escaped, but fancy the consequences if
the fool had fired, as everybody was expecting be would do at any moment.
A drunken Englishman was making a row one evening when some Zarps tried to run him in, but he promptly
KNOCKED THEM DOWN.
He was at length overpowered by force | ness ? of numbers, and marched oft struggling and swearing to the Charge Office, and thrown handcuffed into one of the filthy cells, where he continued to make a noise. Next morn-1 body else present? ing he was found in his cell with his	Irishman—Indade there was
skull battered in and there was no	PolicepJian—Who ?
doubt one of these brutal Zarps hud | Irisbmanr-Myself, bedad. gum into his cell and dubbed him to death. An inquiry was held, and it was found that he had come to his end by falling oft tthe low bench which served for a bed, and so the matter was hushed up I
In one of the suburbs, Jeppestown, one night a white man was seen to h ave a house with a bundle in a suspicious manner. Two Zarps gave chase | Diamonds have had a sharp advance and fired on and killed the poor wretch, Rj price, remarked J. Barlow Wilson, Opposite where the shouting look place as a%d Miss Amelia Simpkmson sat another maji was lying very ill of ty- talking of nothing in particular, phoid, and the shock occasioned by the	I know a jeweler who is selling
reports of the revolvers killed him too 1 solitaires at the old figures, added the At the subsequent enquiry the Zarps | maiden coyly, swore that the man had turned and
pointed a revolver at them, and that i	A MATTER OF NERVE.
ed, and probably, promoted.	ance.
PAUL’S GENTLEMANLY NEPHEW.
At the Krugeredorp races Lieutenant
Oh, I don’t know hear my daughter sing #
bo-
rnent
1
the voyage of life.
Ob. life is like tbe ocean wide,
With constant ebb and flow;
And we the ships upon its tide,
A-sailing to and fro ;
Each, steering for some lovely Isle Beyond the setting sun,
Hopei on our pathway seems to smile» As on life's course we run.
Some ships sail well from first to last, With fair winds all the way,
At last their anchorage is cast Within some tranquil bay;
White others scarcely leave the shore Ere dark clou Is hover nigh,
And loud the angry tempests roar. Rude lightnings rend 'the sky.
But let us trim our sails aright.
No storms shall overwhelm,
Lf we are brave and do the right,
Let Faith direct our helm ;
We'll ride the waves, though mountains high,
And sing our triumph-song,
Until we see the haven* nigh To which cur ships belong I
JOHN IMRIE
Border Regiment
1st Bataillon 34th—Col. T. H. E. Uinde.
1st Bataillon Loyal North Lancashire Regiment, 47th—Lieut—Col. R. G. Keke-Reg ment, 47th—Lieut.-Col. R l* Kekewich.
•2nd Battalion Royal Berkshire Regiment, G6t b— Li eut.-Col. C. Evans-Gordon.
1st Battalion King's Royal Rifle Corps ning.
‘2ml Battalion King’s Royal Rifle GOth—Lieut.-Col. H
NO DOUBT OF IT
Policeman—Who bunged up your eye that way ?
Irishman—Moike O'Laffer! y. Policeman—Was there an eyewit-
Well, all Circle City went
Very lew even
liOth—Lieut.-Col. R. H. Gun-
Irishman—Indade there was. Policeman—Who was it?
Irishman—Moike O'Lafferty. Policeman—l mean, xvns there any-
Gore-
Corps,
Browne
1st Battalion Manchester Regiment, 63rd — Lieut.-Ool. A. E. R. Curran.
2nd Battalion Gordon Highlanders, 92nd—Lieut.-Col. W. H. Dick-Cunyng-ham, V C.
1st Battalion Royal Irish Fusiliers, 87th—Lieut.-Col. F. R. C. Carleton.
1st Battalion Royal Munster Fusili-101st—Lieut.-Col. E. S. Evans.
2nd Battalion Royal Dublin Fusiliers, 103rd—Lieut.-Col. C. D. Cooper.
2nd Battalion Rifle Brigade—Lieut.-Col. C. J. E. Metcalfe.
DISPLAY IN' 1833
In 18.3 there was a remarkable display of the Leonids, which has been described as follows;
"Ou the night of November 12-13, 18 3, a tempest of falling stars broke ever the eartb^^Hpp||!^HjMkMlB| the brunt of its pelting Gulf of Mexico to Halifax, until daylight with some difficulty put an end to the display, the sky was scored in every direction with shining tracks and illuminated with majestic fire balls
meteors was half that of flakes of snow in an average snowstorm. Their n/umbers, while tho first fury of their coming lasted, were quite beyond counting, but as it waned a reckoning was attempted, from which it was computed on the basis of that much diminished rate that 210.0UÜ must have been visible during the nine hours they continued to fall.”
It was on thin occasion that the remarkable fact was noted that all the motors seemed to come from the same pari the sky
th'dr paths were found to radiate from a point in the constellation Leo. Humbo dt had drawn attention to the same fact at the display of Leonids in 1799, but no reasoning was founded on the
o b > e r v a i io
• t claimed the attention of Prof. Twining and Denison OLmstead, who
SELDOM THE CASE.
Why do you say a man with two employes should be ambidexter?
Because, to be fair, he ought to use both hands alike.
North America bore
From t he
*
<
ers
POINTED
At Boston the frequency of estimated to be about
Toronto.
VOICE OF EXPERIENCE.
Bachelor—What is more sickening
than a man in love ?
Henry Peck—A man married feels
worse.
GETTING EVEN WITH HER.
She wished to break it to him gent-
THE COLU THAT FIRST WINTER 1
For days the mercury ranged from 30 to more than 60 degrees below zero.
For two months we had only three hours of a blurred sunshine in each twenty'four hours
been making more than $1,00.) a week, should have died from melancholy and horrible food. Think of candles at $1 each ; ancient codfish at 75 cents a pound; coffee, years old, at $1.50 a pound, and rubber boots at an even $50 each. I bought a pickaxe for $35, and had to tease to buy it. But we got gold, and when .Tune came at last Did you ever and when we began the annual sluicing I found 1 bed more than 200founds was at a minstrel show last week
iy
1 bave decided, she said, to return your ring.
He, however, was a resourceful man, who did not believe in letting a woman get the better of him.
You needn’t bother, he replied buy them by the dozen.
If we had not
A MISCALCULATION.
The Father-in-law, sarcastically-^ isn't? it pretty soon in the day to borrow money from met Why, you've been back from your wedding trip only
Bddêgroom—1 know It. sir, but when we started out I had no idea that the wedding trip would fall so the end of tbe month.
I
we
Traced backward,
MORE PENETRATING
WHERE SHE HEARD IT
derstand It, an X-ray will
man’s head.
As I
• T ,
He.—Miss Clara, I have a question to ask you; although of ancient origin it is ever new, and—
She—Oh, never mind asking it. I
However, in 1833 the
Englishman went was nearly being a huge row ceedings were subsequently taken in
Pro-
near
###PAGE###7###
writer.
Agricultural!
WWWAWAWWAWAAWWWWMWAWI;
The mM who «elle grain
produced upon this farm year after
yuear will
IT WOULDN'T BURN
THE RETIRED BURGLAR.
THE SUPERIOR QUALITY OF
Coe I Merchant.—I may, Premium, I 60011	exhaust him farm,	Highly Kximprrniliig l ading nf n	Pre-	want* to insure my coal	yaid against
while the farmer	who feeds the pro-	•iirron*	tight * tierli.	f'* p- Whet'» the cost of	u policy for
JKsarsitrrs; Sb^' - -
1 y of Ma aoil.	Farmers as a rule	ing just where I wmm going to	go/' Merchant.—Yes, it Ih.
do not give sufficient thought to the	said line retired burglar, ' I «topped Agient.—Oh. I wouldn't	insure it If
f(M>'1 quation, as to the best method ttt another In use on the road, somo- 1 W®r® J<<a' ^ W0D t bu, n'
<»f feeling for securing the largest thing that I very rarely did ; but amount of grain from the feed. It is somehow this house struck me as being !!?L!!IvV?kM * <iuesi on of What will good ; you know how things comte to
1,™!*. »«• "»* ...................- —•«
°f lork, from t.he food grown on my account for 'em. It was too early,
farm, being those for which it is best half or threo-q wart era of an hour be-aclaimed. The chief expense in grow-
mg hogs is the feed. Therefore it is a matter that is entitled to the great est study of the farmer. It is
..	,	.	« a. .,,	_f ftld>orejit to everyone that the more
the least exposed side will answer this gain that can be got out of pastures
purpose admirably, ami add many 1 be cheaper is the prod/uetion of pork, more pounds of milk to the fall yield aml. <X1Tu‘erî°e	teuob	,
irs. SïJîÆrs s s S£ SVEH SS I £>»	“i-	inmnn	nn	vnino
cattle may be readily found and driven vegetables that have bU little feeding 8lep mto a hoUHe whether theiea any-	A P I R n	/Il	V r A n \ La TOSCana IOC. RELIANCE CIO A a
up in the niorniug	qualities, except that th#y enable t he body in it or not. In a dead house,	xxF llJil	LA U	1 liililO	FAClORt	.Montreal
6u,h a Hhed need not be erected for	Tt T l° “peol‘:,that >'• know, where	—	More helpful ~ oil wkdom i,
the purpose alone of protecting cows 1 and doesn’t gain and is no profit to ,	* no hfe' nubody* lh* air s dead ; John Nicholas Babcock, Of Sharbol draught of simple human pity WANTED
on cool autumn nights, for it will 1 owner, therefore it is necessary to | 1 dMn t m*‘an with the deadness of	Lake, Released.	t^at wl DOt f	ua- ^coi ** i — 1
serve as a shelter against void rains	b<>* Ls. kt)pt in a condition «but-up rooms, but it lacks something ;
and hot sun alike. In my opinion no strong^ a-piSaUte to insure the best ^	lhere 18 «'«neb.idy that 4 rr|*enM. to Pain Caused by Cravel
pasture should be without one.	growth and profit. It is not a good b' m"'111 ,lg 'M hUPP1ied ; 1 suppose it'c	and Oiliar Kidney Trouble—Twenty
By leaving it open on' one aide, and	to overfeed. It is also import-I a current, of some sort, that the air is	®r *"ir« i-mx-Hei* .»• at
i:"T:	^ iBHiTEd.HfE
or stalls need be provided. The ground	feed and	out of condition	and	in	D <1> m ® h< Ui*e °r not, and there	pr released from unjust captivity that
under it should be elevated and well i a°	unprofitable	state so quick	as con-	wasn't anybody in this. Rut it wasn’t	Mr. J N. Babcock, of this place, realiz-
stipution, and this should be provid- deserted, not by a long shot ; it just 6,1 he was cured-free at last from the
with dry litter tor comfortable bed- variai dîsèsees atM*coin”ioaUon"f 8*“med to ™n 18 th<.ugh they’d all gone	had'been "in the depths of
ding-	_	_ ^	u^‘ He me where for that night, the	the dungeon of pain caused by Gravel
Where, ou the majority of dairy	“*¦ —	whole kit aud caboodle of ’em. and left	and other forms of Kidney Disease,
farms, cows receive no shelter at all „	•	n	ttie h(aise	For twenty ynars be had been strug-
In autumn, until they go into the win-	M YfiPUfilfll lfiff HfllilR	\a*1	, <lt u , gling to escape in vain
ter stable at "freezing-up time," this IjAuI lluluUll^ 1 ClllliJ	And it was a comfortable house, I no door left untried, no lock not care-
will keep them from suffering and	__	; tell you everything just as slick and fully examined.
"îï,«ïï! rs n« ««.,.	,»D	rsr^sjx
¦e
that are not sheltered shrink in milk From the News. Alexandria, Ont.	d *'* fi ()l a0(	;lt '¦ thousands of cases of Bright's Disease,
mËËmmm wmm mmm
¦¦M®538®5
% SSÏffiS-uf- ï^sïsffissrÿsîrs SwSSë **«- »»—«¦	, ________...........
K SSSLT£.*LÏÏS? S$	ïl -*•
11 b""ri,lttm 1 „ .
“	f*- 1:-—:-5	Music
frtrm valuable aupplemeutal fall (ieDiy attuoited with the m.«t lerrible h®M ion., liketu think ill of anvbod„**',U9e' Jingal. strayed away from
sæHïï BE3 EiEESESCiiS Hrv”	leathers
cows, for there	is much milk in	them,	j jng tieeme(j to afford erlief. Fur	two	ed	a	H	ver*	luckily, a woman witnessed the acci-	-
months 1 was a helpless invalid, suffer-	-	#.- dent and pulled the child out of the	mk] r|i|TA#l
&rS“i.1i.df ."d‘	a	A	»ug.	boulder	ot rood eu .be bri.k "Tb,.ï.,"“.d	SdllldU
Many old farmers believe that with RQ(j j wa<s positive the end was ap- of the Horseshoe Falls, Niagara, fell the worse for the adventure, modern Improvement in cultivating preaching. My heart was effected and 0ne day last week, and the consequence implements, the grain drill for seed- indeed I was almost in despair, when .fl tjje Oontour of the Canadian
lug grain is noi mmh if any improve	u£‘u“e of Ur. Wiïliam^ f»“a. ia considerably changed
meat over the old-fashioned practice . ptnk Fills. I began using them in May particular pieoe of rock used to bang , A(ldn^, of broadcasting the seed and harrow- 1890, and had taken three boxes be- far ^ver* and broke the water up in i
iug ilin. The drill distributes "i* [hll uZ'tlT'lse^nted'	R wiR f%m^h %ootUr at this
seed more evenly than can be done by blood Hvemed to thrill through my spot, like the American falls.	In Japan thick tarred pasteboard has
hand sowing, but the grains are left veins, and by the time I had finished	recently come into use in place of wood
In lines closely	crowding	each	other,	the fifth box every trace of the,	dis-	Trllay’s Foot	for Singling roofs. The cost is about
and between two ridges which w hen eaae bad vanished. Ever since then I qqj0 step ’twixt the sublime and ridi- ^aif ^ great as that of ordinary shin- Carters cold cure lOo. Cure* in a jiffy. P. Mo-
BHiiHErE : EEEBBm ^ -----	“ ""	............
When the drill was first introduced the slightest symptom of the trouble numerous worshippers that have fig- ,
I use the pills for a day or so and soon : Uratively speaking bent knees and
SV" S"t»“ r»'N.u".' !îï ™: S5S i»bl£e “ ZZAfiZ Th. ¦¦ Balmoral," Fr.e Bu,
clods which the cultivation at that and never lose an opportunity of rç-1 pue will feel aa if the production of I	Parftlake
period usually left on the surface. But commending them to others suffering ¦ genus Ass were perennial. By HUIU v
soil, and than keep the points of the renew and build up the blood, ajid distributing tubes near the surface, strengthen the nerves, thus driving
¦P
er it as deeply as the drill is sure to ville, Ont.
LUDELLA W"
SUSTAINING THK AUTUMN FLOW
speaks for itself. A trial is the most convincing argument in its favo#
Lead Package*. .
At this season of the year It is too cool for cows to lie out in open pasture st night, and not oold enough, perhaps, to warrant housing them in the winter atable
. • . .25» 3°# 4°» SO & 6oc.
# #
Jaa. Hunter, B.À., son of the lute *****x^„,Bolid Gold 
#i|| EEE*
eolat ion. Lei the smaller m<imt bo ville recently, at the age of 73 years. 1 We guarantee Effect satisfaction.
sssrisaTZ&Z'CZ 0l0BE 0PTICAL ,co-
TUBERCUuSTlN CATS	.r.M.biW».
STRENGTH FOR UAH Y
An intermediary place should be provided, that will afford sufficient shelter to keep the milch cows from getting chilled through the prevalent cold dews and frosts of September and October, writes Geo. 15. Newell.
fore I’d have git ah the house I had started far, bull I didn't even wait for
TMe °*» M0INI8 INCUBATOR-Beet and oh.epeet
O. Itolleud, sole agt-nt for lb# Dominion. Send loi nmai» tot catalogue. Ui St. ^sul Street, Mon usai.
tim», I just went ahead# and went in. Cats are known sometimes to have I “Pham Ah IflA 99 p*rn«*of Oranby.Qu*
"And I'm blest if there was a living tuberculosis, and that they have in I rn<irilwn IVWe OigsrManufacturer.
rr.;:.‘ i	%, %1 BESS.5Sï-"j*5
than suspected.	80 tender and compassionate. — particulars.
(South
A shod tightly bonnled and o&en on
some
for
113 Tonga St, Toronto
Catholic Prayer
Religious Pictures, Statuary, and Church Ornameota Kductttlonal Works. Mall «r lers receive prompt alter» Hon.	D. & J. SaDLIE* A CO., Montreal.
IN EVERY VILLAGE— -BOYS AND GIRLS
under seventeen, for easy work in spare time, big p,y.
Apply. In own handwriting. The Enterprise Company •7 Yonge Street, Toronto.
Eliot
TO rm A COLD IV OVD DAT
Take laxative Broino Quinine Tablet#. All ilnigglstg refund the money if It fall# to cure, - -, Ai. VV. Grove’s signature in on each box.
^voop.s Photo Engraving;
## J.L.Jones Eng.C? m#
6 8 10 ADELAIDE.MW TORONTO.'
» V ' . . K	.	‘	•	«	V	• 4	¦* A '.A	"• e -•
85c.
The mind that is cheerful at present will have no solicitude for the future, and will mc-et the bitter occurrences of life with a smile.—Horace.
ROOFING and Sheet Metalworks.
n	B ** M K'fOKINU Hl.ATK, iu Black,
K«<i or Green. HLATK iiLACK BOAilDH ( We supply , Tub ic an i High Schools.Toroutu). Hooting Felt, Pitch, « new life to the 1 .Loal J*r» ®to- ROOKING TILE [Bee New Oity Build, Hair. It makes it grow I in*-, Toronto, done by our firm). Metal Ceiling*, Cca re*tor«* the color ntees,etc. Fetimates furnished for work complete orfoi
Sold by all druggist,. 50, a bo, I le.
drained, however, and kept covered
For twenty
LUBY’S
Common sense is, of all kinds, the
It implies good
There was
Wanted-.=oZsg
most
judgment, sound discretion, and true and practical wisdom applied to common life—Edwards.
uncommon
in every village to procure list- of name-, and work la •fare time. Remuneration, $2 for every 12 name» Apply.
And the key lay
THE ENTERPRISE CO.,
67 YONOE 8T„ TORONTO.
There !¦* more Catarrh in this «action of tho country than all other diseases put together, and un 11 the la*t few yearn was supposed to he Incurable. For «great many yeurn doctors pronounced it a local dise tse, and prescribed local
c n titntional cure on the market. It is taken rea#onable term#. Apply to internally In doses from 10 drops to a t.e»*poon	R M PIERCE, A gen
ful. It acts directly on the bloot and mucous	' ôr J.W. OURTId
surfaces of the system. They offer one mind _
red do-lart for any cape it Mis to cure, tend %	_ -	-	^ g •	^
forsranF.iïiŒs&kco.,Toi»do.o. Dominion une
Michigan Land for Sale.
Since then
t, West Bay City, Mich. . Whittemore, Mich.
HOYAL MAIL
STEAMSHIPS
75c
Montreal end Quebec to Liverpool. Large and fast Steamers Vancouver, Dominion, Scotsman, Cambroman.
Rotes of passif* First Osbln.160 upward* . SeoenS
0«bin, $36. Steerage. $22 50 sod g:8 V)
For further Informn’lon apply to local «gents, or
DAVID TORRANCE * CO . General Agents.
)7 ht. B «crament Sf.. Men treat
!
maximum
g HOW CASES. WALL CASES
W I» € 9*4
Office and Bank Fixtures, Modern Store Fronts. Mirrors and Plate Glass. For low prices write
CALVERT’S
TORONTO SHOW CASE CO..
9Î ADELAIDE WM TORONTO, CAN.
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
I BOYS AND GIRLS l
WE ARC GIVING AWAY
ENGLAND
MANCHESTER,
l
To send for our complete SHEET MUSIC CATALOGUE and SPECIAL RATE OF DISCOUNT. Wo eqsipped to supply every MUSIC TEACHERIn Canada
Whaley, Reyce 6 Co..
168 Yonge St., TORONTO.
1 HSESS-J

I
are
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS
EPPS’S I COCOA
DRILLING GRAIN
ONT
CALLA LILY CREAM
a youthful complexion. Send 25 oeute for trial t card for circular on skin and completion.
At. W., Toronto.
This
enflures
Ukquhakt. 48» Un
Towers.
Brantford Can.
BREAKFAST—SUPPER
\
Steel Flag Staffs,
Grain Grinders,
Iron and Wood Pumps,
PASTEBOARD SHINGLES
GO TO
Oaliforniag
|	via..™
Bee Supplies
Send for New Catalogua
Mention this paper.
Personally conducted
California Excursions
Druggists, or 381 Queen W. Toronto, h¦a*»*
TEL Dl
via MISSOURI PACIFIC R’Y an# IRON MOUNTAIN ROUTE.
it was reckoned an advantage Lhat its
The Dawsoq Commission Co., Lin^ited,
Cor. Wsst-Market A Oolborne St., Toronto,
Can get y n best prices fur your Apples. Butler. Egg*. Poultry, and other produce, if you ship it to them.
Am. Plan. $1 504 up.
European Plan. Rooms
Opp rope.
MoiOll-College Avenue Family Hotel rates $1 50 per day.
tubes made some impression on the
THROUGH TOURIST SLEEPERS.
LOWEST RATES.
For full information and reservation of sleeping ca# berths, address
H C. Townsknd, O.P k T.A., 8t. Louis, Mo.
H D. Armstrong,T P.A..7 W Fort-et.,Detroit, Mioh Bihsell Wilson, D. P A.. Ill Adams-et., Chicago, IU
V from $1 a Avf un Q.T.R. Station, Montreal. Goo. Cat slake* Co.. P
New importations finest English Sheep and Am-
Sausage Casings
Hog Casings—reliable goods at right prices. PARK, BLACK WALL 4 CO., Toronto.
srioan
ssr'{XW1	jy«sJS2tSS*BS2
worthy of homage if marred by corns; provenants-Ratasmoderate neither would yours. Use Putnam's	.
Corn Extractor.	Precious beyond price are good re-
The value of rubies below the weight “°l"j %1'jn Js'-Haweis "' ^ of one carat ranges from $10 to $40
per carat, while atones of greater weight than four oarata are of such exceptional occurrence as to command fancy prices.
Stammerers HSE
Dr. A root! Berlin who will son» ip«m f »¦> h»r»n rursynw |
prrroanently cures fK 2 mm	Catarrh uf nose,
JjLs m	W ¦	¦ throat, stoicach
JAS. ». AN NETT, Manager
JOHN <1. MAIN, Supt mm# Trees.
The Canadian Heine Safety
BOILER
O'KEEFE’S l«f MALT
“ lEAflN BRAND " Maeklnteeh
àiegui it, test
Invigorate* end Str- ncthene. i WOOD. Toronto. GENERAL
%
AGENT
LLOYD

proof. Ask for
do
Esplanade,
Opp. Sherboume 8t.,
The safest principle through life, in stead of reforming oilers, is to set I J ApD|C about perfecting yourself .—Hay don. I nnnri w
Toronto
Winter grain is to some extent protected from heaving out by the ridges which the drill leaves o>n* each side of
* the rows of grain. Hut if the land some supply ('smiles Oilier* soap am#
is heavy and the soil is frozen under	oihrr* Muller « ml Milk.	I During the course of the entertain-	—_l	.	_
•§MS5Ü^^6B®PILAW
Jbe leaf growth just at the surface of butu iSouth America, ia a tree which, b £aa very indignant at this sum-
mmm m&m
liecially if there is a fertilizer attach- ter< it resembles oak, but bears fruit, ment whereby fertilisers may be dis- from which the butter" is prepared, tributed in cio je contact with the parkt the great traveler, declared that seed. This has proved so great a the butter surpassed any made in benefit to grain crops on loamy land England from cow’s milk, that most farmers now scarcely at- &t Table Bay, near the Cape of tempt to grow grain without putting qqo(\ Hope, is a small tree, the# berries some mineral fertilizer with the seed. 0f which made excellent candles. It is
also found in the Azores. The vege-
HCW FEEDINQ.	| “f.SE
The hog is generally termed the land of Chilean large quantities of
-one, maker for the farm H. en- ^“thfchT. g™h^T^NovTmblr*
• bles the farmer to convert his grass "	when the tree In Chins
and coarse grains into cash and to do pro(|uoee a beautiful soap. Tree# of the *> at the least expense to the pro- sapigdui or eoap-berrr oid*i also ductlve capacity of his farm, says a grow in the North of A
Recently the Methodists of Macleod dinner and concert in the rink.
WONDERFUL TREES.
LEAD, COPPER, BRASS Wholesale only. Long Distance Telephone 1720.
WILLIAM 8T.j TORONTO.
gave a
The affair was in every way a success.
High Class Water Tube Steam Boilers, for All Pressures, Duties and Fuel.
SEND FOR DESCRIPTIVE CATALOGUE.
FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS
Mille Mill# A Melee
Barri Iters, etc., removed to Wesley bidgs., Rich mond St. w.. Toronto.
*
Dyeing ! Cleaning I
MORE HORSE EATERS.	I	For the very heel mend your work t • the
...W; ’JSXSSSXU’SSJt’
\y consumed by t!i<? p» oi le	Montreal,!oronto, Ottawa, Quebec
Vienna.	1	*
«¦slums
be
LAN A DA PERMANENT
ROKCO
Loan and Savings Company.
lMrvRPuKATSn 1865.
The Oldest and Urgest Canadian Mart*
gaga Corporation,
C€*is jrLtvutd/
ifoit sums' CéAV%+f*As
eyJtA Ml mU*
Oereel Coffee Health Drink. Pure, Wholesome, N urlah-ins 15c lb . or 21 be. for Be Rokoo le equal to 40c oof ee. Mr For Sale by all Grocers, er eeod 10c for * lb. package V) the ROK-’O MFO 00.. 164 Queen K , Toronto, [lif ts wanted la every loceMly.
$2,600,000
1,200,000
Paid-up Capital, Reserve Fund

1110 for 10 Cents
n
«
DEPOSITS RECEIVED. Interest allowed.
m
DEBENTURES ISSUED for 1, S, 8, 4 er •
km ef the beat huroomu, rad tailor
Oevem
J. HERBERT MASON.
S'
fiv
f Î 1« a










s- ' i r
U

X
###PAGE###8###
KM HT N K AH K1MRBBL1Y
r
Capo Town, Oct. 20.—Evening-Official it* port « from Kimberley, dated Tuesday, state that Col. Scott Turner with 270 men proceeded northward to Mac Farlane’s Farm, where they unsaddled their horses. At 0 o’clock a party « Boors was seen on the right thnk and was quickly scattered, Col. Scott turner opening tire on them sud bovvrai <u tlu L'lirtny were Been to fall.	1 ho enemy
moved to a sand heap and opened tire the ltritiah. which was returned.
Hash is King-
I GAME
l MOOOOOlXHH»ChKHKKHH>(XKH t
MY T Kit MS o
QUR GROCERY DEPT.
un
To Shaw ville to visit a friend a couple
of w eeks ago.
o
Mil
u
C\.l. Svott Turner attempted to prevent the 14k*vh advancing against Col. Murray, hut was met with a heavy lire from a dam wall <100 feet to the left. At 11 Colonel Murray ordered 150 men of tile Lancashire Kegimeut to proceed to the north. An armoured train is supporting Col. Svott Turner. At Midday Col. Minstalled also, with two field guns am two Maxims and seventy mounted men One of the two British guns opened sud detily upon the Boers unfavorable position, tire was brisk.
Another armoured train was
clock tin
O
STlilCTLY V VS!I. o
I SAW
o
o
iKKHH'i'O
l >000000000. >( )00
lheving closely to this rule it enables to watch ami clock repairing,
•i ll everything in my line at
stock of
X. H. Metïuire s immenst hoive Fall Suitings and was induced
By a me to
We don't often mention Tea in our ads. because of the good we have so long only mention this for the reason
trv a Milt
reputation which
1
HOCK BOTTOM PRICES.
I CONQUERED
rav
enjoyed, and we line of goods now that we believe
well
It tit
extra well llnished
v former trouble neat i
It pay- to get tiu* best and hi-prices
Ml
wli
wore in tm VIiv Boer artillery
My work is guaranteed for a Year.
1
Our goods five guaranteed tx $'s worth tor n $ every
time........
held in
ltd
XX
are
set
Kt tw
sent forward with additional Linvashirva bvltnvv l tt Turner highly
readiness
have struck a line of Japan Tea at our pop-
25 cents—which is of unequalled
train was ammunition. I h splendidly and Col. Si
emu mended them.
Commandant Botha and many •
I’hv British loss was three
Vhe engagement
we
goodwyn
ular price
value. We have given samples to a number of
vi
-The Watchmaker-
arnprior,
killed
were
killed and 21 wounded	.
brilliant success for the Bruis.i
our customers who know what Tea is, and on their recommendation we have secured a large consignment.
0NT' 1*9—————W— »*«»«**"*»*"*
was a
forces.	.	..	.
With regard to tlie western frontier. i
about the war	ST
Boer Forces Meet Defeat in Sev- rite ll.-er hospital 1ms been taken im ton milva south of Kim >u ».
Hard Fought Buttle.-Their	ïï'î gff'LX T±SSgT
Losses Heavy.	| wah a	quite un
æâÉÈgmÿ^wm
*-* *—,r- -tarewsi. «%-
hxzrzzsK. sS^HSEiHuiss %:.::z.p.;,7,ô='h; sattttiïAra r^TK’tsy.w
P. XV. HESS KM AN,	well informed circles t.mt the "ar m |-ailwav, severing communication be disabled
iien’ISup’t. south Africa is merely begun, and that lweon Ladysmith and Dundee, Sir Geo.	The total number of < fticers and soldiers
before the Boers are eventually conquer <u,wart white resolved to give battle	jn the battles at Glencoe IBP,
ed and brought under subjection, l »1 with a view of recapturing KlamUlangte. Eiandslaagte and Ladysmith, are as fob Transvaal will bo the scene of a g*ca On the morning of that day all the h,W8 according to last reports:—G\ lends, deal of bloodshed and loss ot me. in* troo|)S here, supported by two battalions - MajoriS 7. Captains, 20; Lieutenants, that as it may, Great Britain is ou mi « ^ ;afantry, and two batteries of artillery,	n,,M com. ofticers and men, W-
succeed, and has occasioned widespread ^conuoitered some twelve miles along a m. ! wonderment and surprise hy ca ling out	Newcastle road. On approaching
Aylmer	Arrive 0 45 the mvria and the militia reserves, num- within three miles or so of the break on
iB,rP£'ïrnrîvge	•* !?¦! bering in all 432,4*J3 soldiers. i t course	railway line our men saw the Beer uf tjK. present war began
Parker's Crossing	‘	s' >	the present exigency m the 1 ransv.a.	outpo8t8 falling back, apparently in no	muvninL,. At the present writing it
V Mohrs	*;	s.50	does nut make it imperative to semi sue,i	eat force. We captured four, who had	¦ lUM»ssible t<» tell how the battle will ter
'S-	:: tà	'ir: r^!55s."53t2..............."
Bristol	“	*	: Uoverument, to demonstrate to b.u.u|ii. ^hen oUr men returned, and late Friday L,,udon
Sbawvtue	-	:.f.2	her military power, and prove thereby	nj„ht General White determined to ati-	Dlivl,.m
vlarU’s	“	7.81	that her army is not a negligabie quail-	va ju forcd on Elandslaayte at an
Campbell's Bay	% f}* tity. Probably both the attitude <d e#r]y hour the following morning.	w
; Vinton	-	T.,":	Europe and that of the natives in South	all early hour our forces moved out	weve chiefly directed at	tin
‘•Mn„nT.	“	a : !	Africa have something to »lo wit It tins	by roail anj rail. It was computed that	,lmt „„ dimmye was done up to the time
Walt bam	Leave i movement and the lavish drap ay of force, were 1,200 Boera with Maxim guns ! that the messaye from Durban was for
hfiwr 1 ""
Connecting with Hull L.ectric Kailway Hhiue and beyond the X istu.a, but a‘su shaped hill sou.v little distance south of | S|I(>uBl be silenced so speedily as indicated at Aylmer.	. XT	to guard against the “ black peril. Ac- Elandslangte. t)n both flanks there were jn thv Associated lhess de-patch from j
P. XX. RE?>SEMAX	cording to the statistics piiou-lied h s	8trong Cemmandes, and three big guns	ij;uiVsinitli, is a matter of gu-at surprise; i
(iOEKAL si' PEKIN	ten pi NT	year, the militia, including the permanvn.	8tron„)v p()3ted and commanding a wicie	|>llt *i jie subsequent advance of t lie burg
stall and the militia reserve, numbers 8weep on all sides, leaving an opening fer jlcr force on the British left Hank show-
lo2.4î*3.	. ... 4.	„-i:,:. nr|1 retreat.	.	, , the attackers were in no way dismayed
It is not believed tha» the mi.it..1 au	A ;^itish armored train, supported by	t|u.ro|)V all(] were >till full of the same
to be sent to South Africa, i resumam)	two traill loads c f infantry, immediately	seif confidence and daring they have al
they will replenish the denuded Brdish	on approaching the enemy’s position was	ruativ exhibited
garrison towns, and thus permit the g«>'* 8|ienvj by tho Boers. Our artillery was eminent to send to the Cape all the re ^ onci) brought up and drove the Boers gulars rendered necessary by develop- from their guns, making a series of bril merits in South Africa.	liant dashes into the valley and up the
battle^at iiLES««F..	heights to get nearer the Boer main posi-
New X*i rk, Oct. 20.— A special to the tlon Thrice were the Boer batteries on
Journal from Ladysmith says seven thou* tjie way silenced by our artillery, a!-
sand Boers with 12 guns attacked the |jlous,^l the Boers fought with great British camp at (ilencoe this morning.	and determination, returning each
They were repulsed with heavy loss, dme our guns moved and raining shrap Artillery tiring became furious at dawn. ^ ylaxjin bullets against our ad*
Boars' guns were badly served, while the British tire was true and deadly. The Boer batteries were silenced at eight l.urai stops at ail in- I o'clock, when the British troops charged
S Montreal ««.. l’v^-HdTv”,' Co- I their entrenchments. They went let. for Cornwall ami points west.	the banks with a rush and a cheer.
L.	4	\| .Sundays only-stops at j The British secured tive of the enemy s
t) S.40 V . Vi.	ci„nons. The Boer column crept around
the rear of the British and begin the at*
» MJ! A.M. SrSE
ft 4«	I * Vi* driu and Cot.au Jet. , Glencoe. Boors after first repulse re-
i turned to attack and pressed British
Portland Halifax and all points east <>f Montreal, j hard. Commandant X iljoen is in charge For Valleytield and all points south of the St. Law* f . noer artillery. The British force
lïâ. tl/rougt; numbers about 4,t00. The Dublin Fusi-Wagner sleeping ear. Ottawa to New York.	jeer8 captured three guns and greatly dis-
Ss?f ,*:• HS HE I “rt;	h..
wall. Kingston. Toronto, Chicago, etc. Has Pullman recejved the following oflicial despatch
"HFvm “taw.-................r.s=,h' % ÜL -susr
Si is^O As Ale and intermediate points, yf were attacked this morning at day-
a 11.20 A.M. sTw,-TorktB°n™: ! light by a force roughly est,mated at
m i and New York points, Montreal, leaving at 4 000. They had placed four or five guns
Stop at lovai stations. Has Wagner | . ition 5 400 yards from our camp,
lmffei A •Ift vnnv Limit.,1 - fm,„ ! and they fired plugged shells. Their ar
Si 1 -w • 1 A UUl' Montreal and pta. j ery did no damage
:::: =1:.%=A-zra
ïr# I O 1 •31. mediate point*. Cornwall. after a hard fight, lasting until 1.30 p.m.,
Kingston. Toronto and points west. Has himan | a|mo8t inaccessible position was taken,
. All the X\Te can
In addition tile British capture I
eu
OÏÏAffâ&GATINEAüRï
tin
\ccordm
ml out at Mafvking Ben. sed exchange uf wounded
Gen. Cron je
IT
- 1
PH\N<. EOF TIME
OUH 20 CENT TEA IS A PEACH,
And our DUSTINGS at 10 cents
NO
No
Have the flavor and aroma of the genuine 25 cent goods.
were
HODGINS & SON.
E.
Ponliac Pacific Junction Ky
o
Official Time Table :
Mini
Hia.iNs vv 1 u
FP.HTIN
PM
\\"liât is regarded as tile decisive tight
n Monday
Leave
4
6 tM
tu 2
I-
P
o
K.IS
P
• 4
0 26
4*
fi. 37
H. 47
I 4
6.56
JO.—A <lv-i>atv!i from
, stip-s despatch
6.5<
< >vt
i, timed D.55 this morning pi emeu ta the Associated lYc ith the information that the Boer shell-
n. and
44
7.04
0
7.4
8,00
s 03
8.12
8.30
QOME AND SEE US
C Pontiac’s Greatest at i Furniture Store !
8.47
8.5.1 Arrive
ted
ex
I
n various occasions
TIME CARD
IN EFFECT OCTOBER 9,1899.
EASTERN DIVISION.
MSA-TKll To llltlTlsH F»»K< I
UTAI.UN
£ Car-load of Goods just added to our
. . . Extensive Stock. . . .
Come where you have the advantage of selecting from a big, wide ranging and well-assorted display.

9
As foreshadowed in the foregoing item the tight at Ladysmith was a tierce and
Contrary to expectations, the
Latest de-
hloody ont
Boers have been victorious spat dies say a part of Gen. W lute s a; my was surrounded in the hills hy a large Boer force, and after a tremendous tight in which 1,500 British soldiers were
killed, wounded or taken prisoners obliged to surrender
count of the battle may be exaggerated, but. if true, it is a terrible disaster to the At four o cfock a tremendous artillery Transvaal forces. When the news reach-duel was in progress. Two l>oer guns, v(f London of the defeat of the British splendidly placed, were stubbornly fought soj(^t.rs< business was simply paralyzed, for two hours and a quarter, while the nmi aH England is greatly stricken. If Boers endeavored to come into contact I tjl0 Associated Press despatches to hand with our men o:i the right and left. At Lre tim< about *2,OIK) men have been kill
<> 15 the Gordon Highlanders, half of the Lj.en prisoners. |t reported, how-
Manchester Regiment, and the Imperial ever? that these reports have no foundation Light-horse Guards advanced and storm- | ^	The Boer loss is estimated at
ed the enemy's front. A bayonet charge | j sounded, the roar of artillery on both
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
HOURS.
was
( if course, this ac
LIMITED TRAINS 2 1
vance
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
AKTIILKKY DUEL
a 0.10 A.M
over
Des-
Elegant Parlor, Dining and Bedroom Suites, Spring Mattresses—all the different makes,
Fibre Mattresses
Chairs—an endless variety, ranging in style from the most beautifully finished to the plainest kitchen article.
t trail
>
Arrives Montreal 11.55 a. m ta bed.
men
¦¦ ¦¦¦¦¦
sides censed, the Devonshiree leading,
made a superb dash against tRe main body of the Boers. Twice were they checked by the terrible fusilade. Once the advance quivered for a moment, but then, with a ringing, roaring cheer, the whole of our force hurled itself forward like an avalanche and swept over the koptje bayoneting the Boers. The Boers whelmed and astounded. I hey paused, then retreated, then raised the white flag and surrendered. Two or three hundred broke and ran, pursued by the Fifth Lancers, which charged through and
It was qui e dark by
TO INTENDING BUYERS
AGENTS : — Our Christmas books are
From 50 cents up. Four books
One is
Wv offer a word of advice. Kxerything entering into the manufacture of Furniture is advancing in cost, and consequently the price of the finished article must go up. The advantage of buying at once is therefore obvious. Our prices have been graded to suit the conditions of trade and at the same time shaved down to the lowest reasonable figure, as an inspection of our mammoth stock will con-
ready
explained in one Prospectus “ Famous Men and Great Events of the
Great Battles,
Nineteenth Century Great Men, Great Inventions and Dis coveries, Progress of Nations great event of the century. If you have a slow selling hook or engaged in other agency business you lose money to con* Here is the best opportunity for
every
vince
were over
UNDERTAKING.
This Branch of our business Is fully equipped In every particular, and all calls receive our most careful and prompt attention.
tin ue
making money you ever had. Big profit, easy time, new plan, get our offer
Englar
a. m
through them this tune, but the daughter must have been great. The Gordon Highlanders eay the storming of Dargai Ridge was child’s play as compared with this The Boer lots must have been very heavy. The best estimât s place it at certainly over 400 k lied. One of the captured B »ers told me tl a , if I13 had known English soldiers could shoot as our men did, he would never have come.
AFTER THE BATfLE.
CUTHBERTSON & GRAHAM,
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
MAIN STREET, - - SHAWVILLE, QUE,
sure.
BH ABLE Y -G A RRETSON CO., Ltd.
Brantford
mere attack

Cattle De-horsing.
parlor cai
the enemy retiring eastward Boer guns have been captured see our soldiers at the top < f the hill. (Dally, except Sunday)	1 Our cavalry and artillery are still out.
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :	General Symons is severely wounded.
<). 1 5 A.M.	Our ln„es are heavy. They will be tele-
Hay. Whitney. Canoe Lake, iarry Sound ami inter* j graphed tts soon as possible.
t;EN. HYMOX’s WOUND.
London. Oet. 20.—A despatch from Glencoe Camp says that Gen. Sir W illiam
wounded in the stomach,
SAVAGE Repeating Rifle.
I wish to inform the farmers cf Pontiac that I shall beat their service from this date forward for the purpose of dehorning A heavy rain, heavier than any 1 had I Cattle, with either clippers or saw as «leaver seen, fell immediately after the bat. | sired.
field, where many wounded were lying.
The Devonshire regiment captured three Boer flags duri :g the engag ment.
It is reported that Piet Joubert, wh wounded and cap'ured, has succumbed to his wounds. A bugler boy of the Fifth Lancers, shot three Boers with hie re volver. On returning after the fight he
a sharp tire was opened upon them by The#e animals will be sold cheap for some Boer parties in hiding. Our losses, | (..ls), considering the desperate nature of the engagement are regarded as light.
Middle & Western Divisions.
Parties having such work to do are rt quested to notify me by post card.

mediate point »
For Arnprior Renfrew, Fg anviUe, Pembroke, and in
5.05 P.M.
L. D. DAVIS.
termediate points. Trains arrive at Ottnxv
1899 Model.
Calibre .303.
Shaw ville. October 25, 1809
> was
•ntra 1 depot :	Symons was
k «s-iss I
ANOTHER BRITISH VICTORY.
11.00 A.M.
0
FOR SALE.
ORIGINAL IN EVERY FEATURE,
POINT BLANK RANGE FOR HUNTING,
ONE RIFLE FOR LARGE AND SMALL GAME.
SIX DIFFERENT CARTRIGES.
and intermediate pointu
SMOKELESS, HAMMERLESS SIX SHOOTER,
From P.irry Sound, Pembroke, Eganville, Renfrew
6.20 P.M. ,,
Arnprior and intcriui-'liat > p<‘Mzt>e
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Glencoe Camp, Oct. 22.-(Delayed in
The attack Gen. Lu-
o
transmission)—12.20 p. m
made by the Boer forces under cas Meyers on the British position Satur-
«5=“	^ I SHSg
three hundred killed and wound-
was
Central Depot Rossell Honss Block.
Write for Catalogue and Circulars, free.
SAVAGE ARMS COMPANY,
UTICA. New York, U, 8. A#
EDWARD BROWNLEE,
Clarendon
Oct. 31, 99
» Train* run daily except Sunday to Sunday only.
ing over




