###PAGE###1###
Voi. XVir, No. 1.
SHAW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC.
P. Q„
THURSDAY, JUNE 2*>
2,	1899.
!
	
“THE EQUITY”
BANK OF OTTAWA
Muckwlteat for sale at U. H. Elliott's Fl!mr7,0Utried ®owd * “ High Loaf
fientlemon—See our shirts, colllarsaml tlCH> new lines just in
Dominion Day, Shaw-ville.
^ ^ Caldwell, real estate and ance agent, of Ottawa, spent Friday in
ohawville.
=535S™~ =r=E=S=i=
purpntw hli.ppmg in » few .lays a ton of
T,
I in >ttnwa, Arnpnvr and Parry Sound *nture Action» of the company, whiwo on-1 Oui way has Income the Parry Sound tlon 011 the property named will exuiro Division of the Canada Atlantic Railway. ne?fc mw|ith. ^ developments proceed
1 hotographer Wallis, of Am prior, has wut ®!n1,n8 filiations on the Island taken the “ measure of pretty nearly «^Wished, will, it iH thought, be every resident and building establishment hcicnt inducement to the P. P J J| to m town-	run a branch line into the mines
Is issued from the office of Publication, Shaw ville every Thursday.
Subscription, $1.00 per Annum.
J. II. Shaw
Head Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . J?1,500,000.00
«UJO.OOO.OO I draw ro'Stoi'"'1"1, h"' l“'1
real
Ueat
—o
Board of Director »
A first-class Surrey for sale—cheap.
A. Smiley.
John mathrr, ehq.. i #Doiiiiiiion Day, Shaw-
Davii» MacLarkn, tiwj., I VUl6e Dennih Mitfiphy, Ehq.
Ad vert 1 sin g rates made known on appllca tlon.
ineur
Charles Maoee, Esq., President. Georoe Hay, esq.,Vice-President.
Ho*. Geo. Uhyson, Jr Alex. Fra me k, Esq..
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from All parts of thecountry.
Mirth, Marriage and Death Notices I Inserted free; but obituary lines, or “poetry** GEORGE BURN will be charged at the rate of 3 cents per line | D* MINNIE money toaccompany the manuscript In every case.
General Manager. I A disease has been discovered A	l iCKS'
among is said to be
J. A. CO WAX, Publutier.
Loot* am. Shoe*.-We easily Wl j„ tJus line, largest, newest and best stock Count>'-	J. 11. Siuw.
Drafts Issued on all Bunking pointe United States and Grrat Britain.
Notes and Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Deceit Receipt at current
r /l! t‘8.
in the Domin-
ion
once a suf-
W. W. IRELAND,
i July let, 1899.
Celebration look
A public sale of the effects of Mr
% :s?	-
-2" XteSL*'	-
DOMINION DAY
8um« of #1 and upwards received i 1 Savings Department. Interest credited half yearly.
Office Hours—10 a. in. to 3 p. m. Saturday 10a.m. to p. m.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court,
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds,
Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satisfactorily.
I
Local horsemen are getting their am* mala into shape for the expected races here on Dominion Day, when several well contested events will be pulled off.
The .Shawville Marble and Gran- M T .	,
ito Works, Ales. McDonald, proprietor Mr- John Janies Murray, second son turnsout a supenorclass of work in Mon of the ,ale VVm- Murray, and Mias Flor-
Ph...îlSSïu"J2n
ro.o.Bïït,,r"i;î„,"‘ “
event is described brilliant which has Pembroke.
af'B-iFH-S
<.oud program will be provided
H
SHAWVILLE
QUE.
mmm'm
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
A. Smiley
- — ¦
1 WMI.	y	I icnced cook. Highest wages will be
SHAWVILLE BRANCH, Lbout	*C0:/	wh° lives I,anL	I . Shawville, June 10th 1899
eE=™q ipsiisi
Court Shawville, |ailSi'.rM.SS.r.'ti -» y "Ü",T«"„?a *-*,*- . The P™»"f hardware rad aU kirn]. Jut:"""' "
*=*£* ¦JF‘‘
zzrsjÿ:	th~ -“-sxzsr? b-:r
end ©metal. ^$5» “ "8undw' *”	Sà =2:
The Ladies’Aid, of Shawville Mutko-1 sbtr,ted *" the course of the last two I '"'! of.thl9 Ç'uneil, of date 15th met., dwt church, will hold a strawberry festi-	« J*10 county of Prescott can now “^horizmg the Mayor and Secretary
val m Mrs. Shaw’s grove on Wednesday hoast. of h1av,,n8 tiyc I«ioers in a six mile	« lborrow 82,000 from
evening, July 5th.	J circuit, which is probably more than any ”er?han‘8 B»nk at Shawville be and is
, h H„bw	M,u	:ihs2ra <” »* ik« ™
zw£z. L n: Ï”1”" «' “•	o,. iLr"*-* “ —
SS TÆysb-i Ssz?}^™
Only Thls WEEic.-Remember that	A. Smiiey, amusement i, promised. Low rates have the interest due to the (dZ r,regardm^
EÂSrF' FbFFs—h"-r??r
""" - ““*» -	„M„, Mirai. Roy, lM„, ^ JB&S*SS?S ,23^.5 1	--------
Come and inspect our stock of raachi- Mr. AW. Roy, of Elmside, passed away A deAth and » marriage take place in the ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,	nery of all kinds. We have just the kind on the 10th inHt-, at the early age of six-1sanie family on the
230 Main St, - Hull,Oue- of8°od* to,,uit the f“rn,"r. *nd they are 1 tetin vearti-
(0ld Registry Offlce, oppostt^Court House., | in	^
Law business In District ot Pontiac attend
M tUe
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity UniveiHity, Toro tit of Victoria VDiversity, Toronto
Graduate
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ Fellow by
examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. I p 1 DÎT A I Oikhe AND Residence î J. H Armstrong's IIovhe, | vAll l AL
RESERVE FUND,

as one of the most ever taken place in
MAIN STREET
SHAWVILLE
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, Ac.,
159 Main Street,.
once
Olarendon Council

Hull.
At Shawville. second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over G. F. Hodglns’ Store, Main St.
consenting to proposal
I.0.F
pre

Nojne.
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cor dlally Invited.
Office Hours Saturdays .
10 A.M. To 3 p.H.
10 A M. TO I P *.
F. A. PARKER, Manager
m
v\
are
L.B.C
J. A. Cowan, It fl
H. 8. Harnett, F.B
Hugh Hobbs, C. K
Celebration July 1st at Shawville.
Dr. J. E. TAGGART, L. D. S, D.D.S.,
the
Are you using Dowd’s Flour ?
The Raymond Sewing Machine equals
any in the market. For sale by A. Smiley
Or Special attention given to appointments made Shawville, from $20 up. by mail.	*
See Cuthbertson & Graham's large atock of lounges and parlor suites at sur- | ers pr.smgly low prices, quality considered.
vTenîngto^ Hireeigf \ OTTAWA
BODRBEAU EilNfILLE, L. L, L,
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, will visit Shawville every Monday
in Hugh
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
I
Births
ay.—Stand
same
lid
ofA^Hon the 13th inst., the wife
The members of the village hand, who I The Arnprior Chronicle says At last I v ** rownlee’ of a daughter, have not been practising for some months t?e registrarship has been filled and the Mr h*he 13îh î?8t» ^ wife of past, have got into harness again, in an- I,,um t° Dr. McKay in Pembroke |	* "oogms, of a daughter.
«8. m„B » C. — I po&X	£“.31ST" 25
ssesssh.
,
S SKSsssESdï'«« âüsSSl
W--------l=^5^'yKite=E$,---tyS»SII
A. Smiley
An Arnprior At Clarendon, on June 19th, the wife of leant ; so also, it | ''lr' “ward ruhman, of twin sons.
Campbell, M. L
A
Teachers Wanted.
Mi u° protestant Teachers for Nas. 1 and I f:5ChP0 8’ DeR^.e» holding elementary great day in 1t hi cates. Apply, stating salary, to
J	H. H. SEAMAN,
Otter Lake, Que
cer
St. Lawrence Hall,
Mrs C, M* McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
Public Notice

ppNTlAC HOUsf
U/i sss SA» râï ,r»r—• “SESsiwsïc

¦
!
wm
B"-

ninety
H. LANG,
Sec.-Treasurer.
i
”g«sM.,....	¦-flaT	-ri
of St. Peter, chap. II ; 17

1

A

vi
-<
1
###PAGE###2###
REAL HERO OF OMDURMAH
ht ken* to remove the infested fruit. U is also prolmble that the production of
tes? fruit1 w ea k "ne^t he^v Ua H t ^	* JJ*
so much tb it it k&kra evusiderai lu time for them to recover
flour, salt and pepper; then pour over them some fresh thick cream, stirring evenly till the whole ia slightly thickened. Serve very hot at ouee—Farcis: Boil some large onions in plenty of water, till tender but quite firm; strain them, and scoop out the middle
m>t to break

Mie Home I
:
Agricultural}
COL MACDONALD'S REPULSE OP 20,000 DERVISH WARRIORS.

DRAWING OUT MAM RB.
who travels ft g* wt
with far-
i ürrvelljr rnhll»UvU Work iilvu# • Vivid IN-M-rlplhm of a Mm a Whu WreugUI
Won «lent.
Mr. Bennett Burleigh, the famous
newspaper corres pondent, In hi# re-oeuily published work on the Khartoum campaign, gives a vivid description of the repulse of the attack on Macdonald's brigade. When Mr. Burleigh, who looked down upon the affair tr an the slug's of the Surgham hills
where the set ue lay spread before him like a picture, saw the Khalifa’s *0,000 warriors charging down upon Macdon* aid and Ins Sudanese brigade from one direction, aud the Sheikha Ed Bin and K lia ml l advancing to attack mm in he feared that he was about to
very carefully, so as them. Make a stuffing with breadcrumbs slightly boiled in fat broth, and the remains of chicken or veal chopped fine, all well seasoned with salt, pepper and spice Kill the onions with this mixture and brown them thoroughly in butter. Serve with or without rich gravy or white sauce.
The same sort of dish can be prepared with a fork and mushroom stuffing ; these must be sprinkled thickly with bread raspings, moistened with melted but tor, and baked in a tourtiere, or aft et that fashion, with fire over and underneath. En Puree white onions, scald them thoroughly in boiling water to diminish the strong taste; slice them, brown them slightly in butter, and leave them to simmer : off the fire. When almost melted, press them through a fine sieve, the pulp in a saucepan with cream or good broth and a lump of sugar; stir over the fire uutil you have a puree of the usual consistency. Servo fried toast, or as a garniture to a suitable entree.
Leeks—Trim a sufficient number of ho was asked at
I.,,, k*. r»w„ ,* ......	& w!
and cut up the rest in two or thiee	..j do uot ^ive a covered barnyard
pieces ; if they seem very strong, scald	(or the purpose of keeping manure,
them in boiling water ; if uot, aim-	All the manure is hauled out as
ply boil and strain them thoroughly	8oun as it is made lu order to keep
to* extract all the moisture. Chop	the yard clean. 1 constructed a	Etching of the	boat, but as a
them up, and brown them slightly in	fort of my cows.” There was a	*
butter, flour salt and pepper ; mois-	cover over the yard for the com-	are as afraid	of a gat
ten with cream or thick gravy; stir	whole volume of dairy instructions	passenger, and at the fust	sik
A Cuban Dessert.—Grate one cocoa- over the fire, and when done thicken	m those few words. The watch-	a(x)rm ^unt for a hiding place,
nut, add one cupful of water, press with the yolks of two eggs. Serve with	fulness to preserve cleanliness and „	that was as	much like ,	.
= “ -—- - ~ : —- s M ssr £=
to.ide by boil.ng water and sugar in	BABY’S EYES.	wmTRVvÂsniNG	carried a dog with him for marly	_ ltiu dervi.li lurce. tlml
proporuou of one cupful of water	..... children are	WH1TKW ASOIN .	quarter of a century. Ue could te l	to orut.fi huu uuuihereti full)
mmmasssg h=eeb
Pineapple Cream.—1 hree pints of . . parasol may be pretty, but its nozzde with a thm wash of iin«.	to me whining and crying, and 1 cu < have never seen equalled, Colonel Mac-
r:	tssunsj? a rjM.'Sz* rssz	=151—HEn
apples	thin,	scatter	sugar	over	them	that whatever color the outside	may	sends the spray into ciucus and orev-	Rshore or t0 find a comfortable Place	to^g acquaintance and	implicit faith in
and let stand	three	hours. Cut or chop	be, the inside must be dark pre e.	a y	^ <iud ooruers where ihe brush does	fof him l used to feel sorry for him,	lhi.ir lvadel	hiid ied several of the
*ra white cov/r UT^lL thTt Z	not reach as well. Before beginning	lu#.d carry on 80. When the .torm	u.lt.huo. through a	«core of Here,
eyes will not trouble him.	to spray take a stiff broom and *weep	would strike us he would be out of s ght,	figbis and bkn mights	hi^mje
-------------	down all the cobwebs and dust, and re- j ftud W6 ofteû füüûd h.m hiding under ^	^TvictorJ ^AHol
wheie be ^ m kuvw Aillll| they were proud of
DAIRY BUSINESS.
SOME GOOD RECIPES.
Chicken With Macaroni.—Cook one chicken or fowl uutil tender, saving the stock therefrom ; remove all bones and chop into dice, not too fine ; boil two eupe macaroni in salted water until tender; strain and chop into inch lengtluy
baking dish, having a layer of chicken, layer of macaroni and one of bread crumbs, pepper and salt. Continue alternate layers until dish is nearly filled, having bread crumbs on top. Now take two cups of the stock and one half cup cream and thicken with flour until like thick cream. Pour this over chicken and macaroni and bake about three quarters of an hour.
An English Dish.—For a curry of cooked meat cut the beef into small squares, according to the quantity of meat to he curried ; put two tablv-/ gpoonfuls or more of butter into a stew pan and two good sized onions chopped; stir the onions in the buiter uni il ot
ft pale brown ; and one teaspoonful of curry powder and the same of flour with a little salt, mix and stir for five minutes, moisten with a cup of stock and stew gently for a few minutes longer, put in the meat and simmer until doue, but do not let it boil. Serve with rice a rond the dish.
A oorrç«|N>û»lent deal says: After speaking
It is noticeable that in every com-
munity in which the dairy is well developed there is a high degree of prosperity and refinement. The Influence of ths business is uplifting It requires intelligence and a wide study to make the business a success, and all this is on the line of refinement. It demands gentleness of disposition. No rough, brutal man can achieve success in the dairy muet be kind, and, if not naturally su, he must cultivate the spirit of kind-Tke cow must be loved, must be petted, must be fed well and fed properly, and all this leads to
the bruudemng of the mind and the improvement of Then there must be not only about the premises, about the person. A certain dairyman has a covered barnyard, and
an institute if
I find thaï mi
believers in the
to the fields Ex-
mere in various towns,
increasing number are idea of carting mmure on I
cellent «”£'¦»	land
so treated.
then putting butter in yuur
DOGS USED AS BAROMETERS.
of I like
iUey Are Also I «.« lut l«* *SIPI*r#
Iran In 4m r of *«»*•
Masters of steamers and tow barges
fondness for dogs,
Ile
Choose some
on the lakes have a and on dozens of the boats running
and upper
ness
between Lake Erie ports g
carried
just
rear
wilutss a cuaiatropbe; “an order was seul lu Macdonald, which, had he been obeyed, would have ensured inevitable disaster to the brigade, if nut a cutae-
Sailore
lake porta dogs are generally show an inclination fm l" ,H* but the dog is something more ihm
pet on the lakes, lie 11 >alui ^ member of the crew. Ho is consult i«u
aa trustworthy as a barometer m '
slot m.
mix
our nature*.
cleanliness
but
on
tivphe tu the uitiuy." lie waa huile tu retire by, possibly, htm divieiuu commander. Mai duuuld knew heller than tu attempt a retrograde movement m the face u£ eu fleet mud daring a foe it would have sp iled annihilation, lb# sturdy llighlandiuau said, "I II no do
it. 111 see tbiuu d-----d first. W#
maun just fight." Mr. Burleigh thui describes the affair:
JHE BATTLE.
approaching
ing notice of an Most of these dogs are storms. Occasionally a Captain finds a
wrath-
/
cowards m
dog that is not afraid of heavy
the rolling or rule doge
er and seems to enjoy
a woman
of a
and strain Beat
the fruit into the sirup through a bag of course lace, gradually into the cream and freeze. Remove a few bits of pineapple and itir in cream when half frozen.
Fish Croquettes.—One pint cold boil-
whatever may be in the way, so bunks and in corners uni all points can be reached. if (.ouj(j not seti anything and could not hitu, and	t implicit vuuudeuce in
ÏEÜB!	lüœ; ###
üSfË mmm	wmm,
:rr % pi
tie thinner than mush. When cool add enable by reason of disease to ma e	hena or any other living thing go aee it in fat" weather, and all of us whole filing strength to the overthrow
Ue yelks of four	itfgs, half a cup flour	mviu«	for themselves, have gathered	( Lu there lostiy iung. Even l he rats	kept a close watch ou him during a	0| the Khalifa's division ere rapidly
gifted with three teaspoonfuls	baking	| for centuries in this	same churchyard,	^ their holes may be killed by this	fog. If ne jumped up and down as	turning about first one then another
powder, enough sweet milk to make » « u* same day, ta receive the earns 1 fumigation if they have not a way to though something pleased hlui very 0f h.» battalions to deal with the bhe-
&sa,sx»^r-aiS f-—-rr c- - —	11 sss-srttia-"
before baking.	Ldy, now, ol couiso, long since dead. There may be other places in " I remember one time we we:econi- hunuivda of mean being killed almost
I 'imhs1	Heirts_Take	four	lambs’	Priory	Church of St.	Bartholomew the	lbt. barn, calf sheds, piggery and	ing down Lake Superior from Duluth	ut the feet of the men of the hhedivial
Great	us well worth	a visit from the	even in the house cellar, which would	in a heavy fog. We had had fug all the	brigade. Dervish *peais weie thrown
be benefited by the spraying with	way up, and Jackson, that was Bis	imu and over the staunch and unjieId-
whitewash, and perhaps same of them	name, whs pretty tired of sailing	iurf Soudan: sj and Fellaheen suld.eiy.
by the fumigation, if it oun be given	when we reached Duluth and tried to	AVakes, Lawiiu's and de Kougeuivuis
without danger of fire.	jump us, but we couldn’t spare him bat terns blood their ground, side by
-------------- and	he stayed with us. , We dido t ^d8 with the infantry, never waver-
EXPERIENCE WITH MANURE. have as many lights in those days #* firing point blank upon the der-
.Kïï'rs: îSSSi
rr;	EHsSî:
side at the top. I drew out manure	t)|e tUne tic,ping 0D deck when we	brigade for all it wad worth. U«
beginning at the lop, and worked	were about -treujt Whitefish Point I	qui.kly moved upon the beat available
r ¦ *r rs-rr "=	œœ
the ground a good dragging, which	,-umped up and r;ln to the rail and put	over when the Camel Corps, hurrying
worked manure in to some extent. I	hLs ws U|) it8 though he expected to	up, formed upon his right, alter he had
then drilled in wheat. In the winter, look rigjlt over io a dock,	faced about to receive the Sheikh Ed
when more manure had accumulated, .. j „aw him and at once gave the en- Din’s onslaught. The Lincolns, who 1 finished covering ?ne wheat. As a	giueer the signal to check, and Jack-	arrived later on, helped to hasten the
result the ILrst twvthirda gave a good	fl<m barked as though he was im-	flight of the enemy, whose repulse waa
crop of wheat, with a good stand of	men8eiy pleased. I signalled to stop	assured ere they or any of W auchope’s
clover, the last one-third a fair crop and yelled lo the first mate to get brigade were wuhiu LOU yards of Mac-of wheat, but a poor stand of clover, out the lead> Just thin 1 saw alum- dunald, Lewis’ brigade were not even I think the right plan is to do all the ber Sooner loom up in the fog, and able to assist so much, and such out-manuring after haying. You have a tel| you we were so close together side help as came m time to be of use chance then to see all the poor spots, wkeu 9he passed that I could almost was in the first instance from the und, as a rule, get a good crap ol hay touclx her booms. That dog had smell- guns of Major Williams' and another next year. Best of all, a good healthy ed that boat, sure as you're born, and baiiery, and the Maxim; upon the hit sod to plow under.	,( j hadn’t checked there would h ive ut ur Sorghum hurried forward by the
Sirdar himself, as 1 saw. General Hunier came over to the headquarters-si aff gall p ng to get a s.stance and rude back with W auchope’s brigade, which doubled for a considerable dis-vauce, so serious was the situation and nervous the tension of that thrilling
Had the brilliant, the
WIDOW’S MITE
move
en
hearts, wash them clean, and put them Ln a kettle witn hot suet to brown; then add one and one half cups of
tourist in search of that which is undent. Hidden away behind the great postoffice builuiug of St. Marlin s-le-water, one sliced onion, ft few bay Grand, next dour neighbor to the old leaves, a little pepper and salt and a hospital that bears its patron’s name, wine glassful of vinegar. When done j uud within a few yards of the quaint roll three or four ginger snaps and courtyard where the bluecual hoys,
hatless and in yellow stockings, play
iwppi. Sh„b..L-o- ..b,tt-Tuïrsïlî Ï&Ü ÏÏÏ
fui of geLitmv buakt ti ni il* (-uv < ul<i ruuaileii arched, whkh have been water 15 minutes. Dissolve with one carefully restored where the stone has
cup boiling waierHH grated pineapple and one and one half Its narrow churchyard is bordered on cups sugar, juice of one lemon. Add two suies by houses whioh have ex-strained gelatine, put in freezer and aggerated their architectural tendency pack with ice and salt and freeze. i to overhang. The gravestones are so
Strawberry Sherbert.-One quart of old that most of the inscriptions are
J	worn off, and they are only to be
reached by climbing a sort of portable pint of sugar ; add the juice of one stage coach ladder from the pathway.
lemon and a half pint of water in j Here gather on the appointed morning which has been dissolved a tablespoon- the 21 old ladies, for, as a rule, they ful of gelatine. Freeze as you would are old, and very old. The distributee cream.	I Hon of six pences, hot-cross buns,
shawls and two-shilling pieces takes , .	,	......	place in accordance with legendary
of long potatoes. After taking off the cuflAt>m after morning service, It is
skins, cut round and round as if par- not quite certain to a few centuries ing an apple, until the potatoes are when the thing was first started, but used up. Fry in a kettle of hot fat. it has been going on now for several Sprinkle salt over them and drain. hundred years. The onlookers, as a rule, Frozen Milk Punch—Freeze togeth- ere a few fresh-complex tone d nurses
... tel. K..nd f g» SSLTV'&XK
sugar. After the above is frozen mix After Rev. Sir Dor rodai le Savory, the with it one half pint rum, one half present rector of "81. Dart," has con-pint brandy, one and one half pints ducted morning prayers, the 21 aged whipped cream, and half of a nut- chimes mount the stage-coach ladder
and make their way to the particular gravestone on which the 21 new six pences lay, and each old lady, having picked up her six pence, is then presented with the florin, the bun and and the crochet shawl.	i
thicken
I
Take one half can crumbled through centuries of decay
berries mashed ; sprinkle over these one
Potato Roses.—Select round instead
been a collision and then a suit, and I would have had hard work to explain why I was not sounding a fog signal."
CARE OF HORSES* HOOFS
er one
The horse's foot should be given at-from birth with pincers, provided for this purpose using a rasp or a knife to finish with. If the hoof is inclined to be one-sided,
On an
CHINESE ALMANAC.
Trim into shape
Infallible Journal Enjoy» the l-argrsi C'lrrnltillon In the World.
The Chinese Almanac is the most largely circulated publication in the world, the number of copies printed and sold yearly reaching several millions. It is primed at Peking, and is monopoly of the Emperor, no other almanac being permitted to be sold
in that country. Although containing reliable astronomical information, its chief mission is to give full and accurate information for selecting lucky places for performing all the acts, great and small, of everyday life. And as every act of life in China, however-trivial, depends for its success on the time in which, and the direction, point of compass, toward which, it is dune, it is of the utmost importance that every one should have correct information at all times available to enable him so to order his life as to avoid bad luck and calamity, and secure good luck and prosperity. So great is the native faith in its infallibility that not long since the Chinese Minister to Germany refused to sail on a day which had been appointed because it was declared in the almanac to be unlucky.
ten minutes splendid deed of arms wrought* by Macdonald been done under the eyes of a sovereign or in some other armies, he had surely been created a general on the spot. If the public are in search of the real hero of the battle of Ondu-mtn, there he ta, ready made—one wlo committed no blunder to be redeemed by courageous conduct afterwards. He boldly exercised his right of personal judgment in a moment of extreme peril and the result amply justified the soundness of his decision. ,
meg
DAINTY COOKING OF VEGETABLES.
correct this by trimming
ordinary farm, there is no necessity for shoeing unless the hoof is brittle or the foot tender in some way. More
caused by indiscriminate
Carrot*—A la Cf«une: Scrape, wash, and cut them into pieces or slices as desired; boil them in water with salt and pepper ; when nearly tender enough, strain them. Put into a sauce-breakfastcupful of thick fresh with a lump of butter; when
injury is ¦ ¦ ¦¦	¦
shoeing than any other way. The nor-
The shark is generally considered thv se's hoof that has never been shod will most dangerous ot deep-sea fish. While ,
horse does not inherit a tender or dis-
PIERCES ALL IT MEETS
a
pan a cream
this boils, add the carrots and let them simmer for fifteen minutes. Just before serving thicken with the yolk of Bn egg —Ragout de Carottes : Prepare as above, boiling them a shorter time; •train, and put them into a saucepan with slices of bacon, parsley, chives and plentiful seasoning; stir over the fire, and after a few minutes add two tablespoonfuls of stock and a cupful ,f thick gravy ; boil gently and reduce to a courte sauce. Serve without
.itrain ins-
1 Onions—A la Creme:— Take some •mall, good-shaped onions, boil them till tender in water and salt, and strain Melt a lutnlp of butter in a
he is the most voracious recent investigation by the British Government	foot,
shows that he is not the most dan-
gerous, since a small fish, met with ADVANTAGES OF THINNING FRUIT sometimes in the shoals, is -often as destructive of human life. The garfish never grows to an imposing length. It has a long, sharp beak, which gives it an arrow-like shape.
This living arrow, when alarmed, dashes out fjom the water and goes soaring away over the surface in short bounds j fruit, windfalls, with such force that when it strikes a foreign body it either passes through it or inflicts painful.md serious wounds.
An English officer was struck by one \ lessens the amount of rot, especially on the peak of his cap. This resulted , in the c«s* of peaches and plums, since in an investigation by a représenta- the diseases oan spread less easily live of the British Government, and it where the fruits do not touch each was found that men haft lost their other. Thinning also tends to keep inlives from this cause.	jurions insects in check, as care is
RAPID-FIRE GUNS.
A battery of modern German artillery, using the new quick-firing guns
recently supplied them, can fire sixty shots a minute at a range of over five miles.
The advantages claimed for thinning orchard fruits are about as follows: Thinning increases the size of fruit, it more color and better flavor.
it diminishes the amount of worthless
JJH||etc., increases the «mount of No. 1 fruit, and in some

CONSUMPTION OF COFFEE
the total yield. Ii
cases increases
The consumption of coffee the world
The aver-
over is growing rapidly age annual consumption in the decade 1870 to 1880 woe 792,000,000 poundsi;jn
decade It was 1,320,000,000. Last year it was 1,580,006,000.
them
saucepan, throw the onions in, sprinkle them st once with a mixture of
he next
A
###PAGE###3###
!
I
-«a- IISES! lüili ESpË -S5BI—
PiriErte ihr Drain #r UirNi on lhe fu ble plaint to the lone but 8,1»Vmi>tion was Iba Suviour’s nbam 11 ial arw ,y' 1 must IT* now.” To-night Sydney and Melbourne have been de-
irrvr.j-r.ra s p-f^Tvs^S Js
valuable house. You examine the IIU 11 ot heaven ay .bo d ,,f l|î® l°l>J, an‘J Hut Jesus’ friends were sober men 8" f,lir* He is ho loving. He is so sym- S(,u,h 0,K8 "hipping trade, which i«
E"™rE bâÉHÈHE trs a### ! vE %2 ™EEHE6
a costly dress rustling across the caverns, where there	are to this day	thy for th' i the best friend theworTd	1 Ci,nn(>t put my head to the pillow	(,#if lwnw abruptly frin the shores, so
drawing-room, or you see a bigh-uiet11- :L2Y* l^8,“l(>£' 8,1 8ort8î	ever had. II mseIf now utterly friend-	t(>-night until I have	once more invit-	that the largest vessels may be berth-
^
est iinTtl»*10*11/value ,gl The' uTa'n "who J“u "w«K‘thU* ZZ w5, ÏÏ	«'[« ,N THE MOUTH,	"Î'W "born, « “ SyMnlylvn™''!>.'¦ tier''k,,,,wn
I will estimate so much for the house, himself, met Christ.	The rose m the	. Judg® riaes f<>r the sentence. Stop!	gallery, ten thousand	times ten thou-	n;irv,‘8 11 ve een constructed, cap-
so much for the furniture, so much for ?ht'*k t>/. Christ-that	Publius Lentul-	„ 18 ***ltwt the law to give sentence	smd. And will I t>e	there, and will	ab,H of h-rlhing vessels of 7,000 tons
iïr ra :.%y: BE—EBBB I -;ilE=Er SSFSSs ~------
much for the equipage—added up iu had thrown Him îutu emaciation. 1 lie	for the law? "The man has no hold of their souls this moment by Thy ' h,‘ wharves hive an available front-
longest abstinence from lood recorded . j *. ~7	II;m die,” Hays grace, and if [ never preach again, agp o£ 5,620 feet. The C< Inn Lai (iov*
J- s: r	5F ^sns.'sr&n rarrâtrt;
Its furniture and the grand surround- thls suHerer had lasted a m-rntli ^ “f A'vay with Him, away with SALVATIOV OF THKIIl SOUT8 of 'h’1 harbor, which is divided into h
53454'-"=
been paid for it. I cannot complete ! stomach with teeth of death. The v,ne sympathizer. Tim world cannot l,e Lh,>u hast provided ?" 0 my broth- ™or’ All the wharves belonging to In a month nor a vt»ar the, magnificent thought of a morsel of breach or meat |le ,ahout you nor abuse you us f**, wdl you not now attend to the the State are fitted with steam
——.	s % SKSü.r.^rï.^-ss -	ssKMisiSi rizzirz:,h:
to-night, I hope to give you the ligures, of men hungered us Christ was ahun- eVH,y borne, iu every store, and says : he reported in heaven ? For many of	,	,g sL smPs
"Ye are bought with a price."	g«red, and if they had strength, with " c°urage I By all my hours of mal- J™’ how many prayers have been of- atructed.
¦	m 1 on* y«H they would devour you as a treatment and abuse, I will protect fered. Father prayed for you. Moth- |	HANDLING CARGOES
,M*L,„ ,llt>n a kid. It was in that pang of th,ose who ar« trampled on.” And er. Praye,i ft>r you. Your Christian	'
London lower to look at the ctown j hunger that Jesus was accoslod and wben Christ forgets that two o'clock! WLVR« have been praying for you. Per- 1 he appliances for handling carg
jewels of England. We walked Sal an said: "Now change those stouts morning scene and the stroke of the h,ps your Christian children have been the Plymouth wharfs, which are 3,504 around, caught one glimpse of them, which look like bread into an actual j Ruffian on the mouth and the howl- Pr'ymg for you, and yet you have not feet in length, consist of four ste-n
... w* rr-.rr.T i^ “	i1% ;:;'ïrïü r? etx— - - .7-
celled to pass out. I wish that to- cumstanoes, we would have cried; tlcea o£ b*e that may be inflicted up- lLme- Now is the day of deliverance. JeI,1H8 lhe railway line is laid down ,1g I could take this audience in- “Bread it shall be!” and been almost j on U8<	Is there no charm in heaven? Is there to the water's edge.
:z/zr,: % EE	E E^E
Just once, at least, and see the crown band beat back the monarch of dark-1	Reon many dark days. Three or four	a™ not moved ? "Ho, every one that	crane of ten	tons. Cowper	Wharf,	at
O, ye tempted ones, Christ was	summers ago there was a very dark	thirsteth, come'' and look at the foun-	Woolloomooloo Bay, is	3 000	f*>et	in
¦	We are told that Napoleon :	when the sun was edited. The taL“ bursting from beneath the Hock | lpngth> and al contains excellent! 1
ordered a coat of mail made; but he i	fowI at noonday went to t heir perch	of A»HS* Though you have been wan-
was not quite certain that it was im-	and we fe^ a gloom as we looked at	Bering a great way off, though during |	-mmoadiion	tor large
you have a large amount of money	penetrable, so he said to the manu-	the astronomical wonder. It warn a I thi-s past week you have	been to a	j Black wattle Bay, there La a Govern-
to pay, you do not pay it all aU once,	laciurer of that coat of mail: "Hut	it	I dur^ day in London when the plague	l^ace "hlch you would	not like to	; ment wharf, 1,100 feet in length. The
-Y”r “,y -—-tsx	js*ssi	xsxxx.tas
much the first of January, so much	pistol, the emperor found out that	it	curta a«'1 dumiwd in the trenches. It	you have been wandering on these ten	17,521» feet and this is beine inLe.sed
the first of April, so much the first	was just what it preteudpdi to be—	Wae a ^ark day in London when th»	OT fifteen years with your	back turn-	jj., s^ate resumption of land Pow-
¦¦¦¦¦
attentions. Privacy and silence are	<****> and 1 vvUl show you bow the shutters or turn the lattice, so tal soul, bound fo the bar of God, and	1 LOATING DOCKs-
afforded when God launches an im- | , j K worth looking at,' and alter God in the afternoon shut the	there is a heaven and there is a hell,	There are also five floating docks
mortal soul into.iJb® world. Even the .	"<	8 journey they came to Jer- WNDIOWS OF TFÏP’ wort n	and there is only one way of escaping and three paient slips. Newcastle is al-
rd %ghest of men know enough to stand , , e l	the top of the Tern- .	.	.	.	^ _	' the darkness, and there is only one ao a well equipped port, where vessels
back. Hut 1 have to tell you that in '	J|^L. aM 0X10	(S° up in the ,.lL 18 appropriate to throw a black W(1y of winning a crown. May God Al- of 4,000 tons can be safely berthed,
the village on the side of the hill, ,> ,	Antwerp and look off upon Pa“ upon the coffin as it passes along, mighty, by His Spirit, raise in i>owrer every modern ste im and hydraulic ap-
there was a very bedlam of uproar .h um'	brought Christ to 11 was appiopnate that everything what to-night has been sown in weak- plimce for loading coal being found on
Uie tun of the temple. home people	be aombre that day aa the great neaa> and when all these scenes have Us wharfs. The State owns nearly all
......r —.t tts rfÆ?	7 k!T “¦ 1",7 cx-sm;i
dating only a few hundred people,	oomes to	Üànst with a powerful temp-	, A man's last hours	are ordinarily	u no longer my joy to pre ,oh it on	length of the prlncipil wharf is 7,760
many thousand people were crowded;	Uttum m	that very crisis. Standing	kept sacred. However	you may have	*.rlh, may we enter into the blessed	feet, in addition to which there
and amid hostlers and muleteers and here at the top of the Temple they hated or caricatured a man, when you assemblage that stand around about four ballast jetties 50 feet long and L'0!) camel drivers yelling at stupid beasts	took oti.	A m^giuiiceut reach of	^ar he is dying silence puts its hand	the throne of God. No sorrow there,	feet apart ; 5,500 feet of the wharf is
of burden, the Messiah appeared, No	country.	Gram fiehu*. vineyards,	™ ^ 1«I«, and you	would have a	No sin there, No death there. Sing-	used for the shipment of coal. There
silence. No privacy. A better adapt-	^	groves, forests and	stream,, cat-	loathing for the man who could stand	inp tbe eternal doxologies of the re-	are 12 hydraulic cranes of front9 to 25
ed place hath the eaglet in the eyrie	h* valley, Hooks	ou the hills,	a ( ®a l"be( ™8kl°g £acea anc^ scot-	deemed—O may that lie our happy lot.	tons, each capable of shipping 1,003
--hath the whelp in the lions lair,	and	villages and cities	and realms.	**ng. But Christ in H.s last hour can-	G<xl forbid that one of you should miss	tons of coal in twenty-four hours ; and
The exile of heaven lieth down upon	Now, says Satan, "I'll	make a bar-	Q°t be left alone. What, pursuing Him	^aven.	3 ste.-.m cranes of 15 tons. On the town
the straw. The first night out from	Just jump off, 1 kuowt it is a yet after so long a pursuit? You have	side of the harbor there are 3 607 feet
the palace of heaven spent in an	(Beat way from the top ol the Temple	been drinking His tears. Do you want	 ___ of Government whirls, extending in a
outhouse. One hour after laying	lo U*e valley, but id you are divine	^ drink IDs blood ? They come upclose-	continuous line, 2,130 feet being set
aside the robes of heaven, dressed in	you can Uy. Jump oft. It won’t hurt	iJL 80 that notwithstanding the dark-	apart of cargo berths for deep-
a wrapper of coarse linen. One would	Angel s wUl catch you. Your ness they can glut their revenge with HAIRY SEAL CATCHES LARGE. draught vessels, 977 feet for timber
have supposed that Christ would	X tlher wUl hold you. Resides, I’ll	the contortions of His countenance.	and general cargo for light-draught
have made a more gradual descent.	{“•}« y°u a large present if you will.	They examine His feet. They want to	Wnti ot ThHr SkiUM Naw BHl|g lW„<le „IP	vessels, and 500 feet for passenger
coming from heaven first to a half- !	1®,.*°“ AsLa Mltiur» 111 give you f»el for themselves whether those feet	«m.i •*«! Hà»r Trade.	steamers. The wharf at Stockton, a
way world of great magnitude, then	“***• ,.V, glVe you Uhlua« 111 g^e you	are really spiked. They put out their	Newcastle suburb, is 600 feet long, all
to Caesars palace, then to a m rib-	i>l>lln» I H give you Germany, I’ll give	hands and touch the spikes, and bring	So lar^e hia bpBn the oatch of Hea,s	Qf which is used for the shipment of
ant's castle in Galilee, then to a pri-	oruain, 1 11 give you all the	them b^k wet with blood, and wipe	off the coasts of Newfoundland and in	coal, with one 15-tun steam crane and
vate home in Bethany, then to fisher-	'Vl>JJd- What a temptation it must	them on their garments. Women stand	the Gulf of St. Lawrence this season I one shoot.
ssi “»“.!•,“Vi sun:s F-	^...iftr*7;-%.•.—*»«, , ...
lop to the bottom Men have come	alt«rcatiou	with sunu	wretch crawling	men. It wants a heart that crime has I ever waa hefc>re- I bese skins come, of	In addition	to the appliances	men
to a precipice and leaped off bun-	JJP Hi>m a	gin cellar.	"No," you say,	turned into granite, The waves of course, from what is known as the	Cloned, there	are seven private shoota
dreds or thousands of feet; but the ÎBJ W(>uld	uayseli by getting man’s hatred and of hell s vengeance I hairy seal. Last year a well-known f<>1 ^ ,0 ,<1,”g of coal- Hy ,1?e I10^
r„ r&trti zxsz =	stKS'irœri ^	-...............................................- sssx, r.-ry^rr a
battlements of heaven and looked off dured wheu He came down and fought clutch at His holy heart. Had He not Massachusetts made an attempt to Bulifwk Island, lhe leading Govern-Into the' great abyss of suffering and	fhal greal	wretch of hell, and fought	been thoroughly fastened to the cross, ; utilize these skins in its business, and	meat wharf,	at the rate of 500	tons
sin and death and while all the	b m	wilderness	and on the top	they would have torn Him down and j succeeded so well that it is repeating	per day, an I	at the rate of 600	tons
thrones in glory stood in dumb amaze- ^ iï* TemI,Ie Hut 1 bless God that trampled Him with both feet. How the experiment this season. There is at the hydraulic cranes. Sailing ves-ment looking noon it sprang a mil- ^ that triumph over temptation Christ the cavalry horses arched their necks, ! Believed to he every prospect of seal- sels are expected to receive at least lion fathoms down! One of the most gLves ™ the “««urance that	and champed their bits and reared, and sk,Ils ®om'Qg ,nt0 general use in the 00 tons per d .y from the steam cranes
the distance between the starting^ and	ed to see him fall. The work done, he	O when the nails went through Christ’s	Sir Arthur	Sullivan writes most of	chiet	rentres	of population on the
the landing!	came down in safety ; and a Christian	right hand and through Christ’s left	his music al	his country house dur-	coastal	rivers ¦	|
iartRUrss.,ryrjw ^..îr tt'1,1* rv............................................r-
camels. Press on through	the group	up?" 1 Ah,” said the boy, "I went	and write. When the nail went	y little of it	in London. lie works at
of idlers and loungers.	What, O	down to pray. My mother always	through Christ's right foot and Christ’s	n,Kht- Many	of hii friends, while ad-
Mary.xno light? "No light," she says H*ught me before l undertook any- left foot—that bought your feet, with mitting that comic pays best, are sor-“eave that Which comes through the Hung great to pray.” "What is that all their power to walk or run or r7 lbat he devotee so much of his tal-door.” What, Mary, no food? None," you have in your vest f” said the man | climb. When the thorn went into the says "only that which is brought I O, that is the New Testament,”
WHAT DIE ALL THIS COST ?
SEAPORTS OF THE PACIFIC
af- I	be l.q uhII«<I -Her Nitartl
¦wirlllile* Kirrnl Tlav«« of Aaf Ctrill >1 crJil l»c«rrl|»!lwii of llnuy Helen ••Hr Ap/ilwH, # #.
Sydney and Newcastle
low
all making this aggregate.’
Well,
crane#
speedy
con-
With some friends I went into
) <>i
The Government
jewels of eternity, behold their bril-|neas
tempted
Ye
jiance and estimate their value
ao
Now, if
bought with a price.'
vessels. At
are
con-
ft
WHEN JESUS WAS HORN
at a
are
field*, vineyards,
tie ui the valley, ilocks un ihe hills,,	mÊÊÊÊÊÊÊBKÊÊffÊÊM
and vdiages and cities and realms. f,ng. But Christ in His last hour can' Now," says Satan, "1 11 make a bar- not be left alone. What, pursuing Him gain. Just jump off, 1 kuowt it is a I y®1 after so long a pursuit ? You have great way from the top ol the Temple been drinking His tears. Lk) you want to the valley, but if yuu are divine to drink His blood ? They come upclose-you can fly. Jump oft. it won’t hurt ly, 80 that notwithstanding the dark-
you. Your ness they can glut their revenge with Besides, i'll the contortions of His countenance, nuke you a large present if you will. They examine His feet. They want to ill give you Asia Minor, i'll give you f®el for themselves whether those feet India, 1 11 give you China, i’ll give you are really spiked. They put out their £>pum, I 11 give you Germany, I’ll give hands and touch the spikes, and bring i
you Britain, I’ll give vuu ail ih«l them bjrk wet with blood, and wine world.” J'
have been 1
Go to monow morning and get_________
altercation with sums wretch crawling men
- "No," you say, turned into granite
11
T
PRIVATE SHOOTS




t
%
I
mW
CO i
>


wa
ilU

I
A CORRECT ANSWER
Teddy, who has just begun to go to school. Papa, do you know what ent to it ; be could d.o much better I six boys an 1 five girls make! work.
Be I Christ's temple, that bought your
Yes. answered his father, » racket








###PAGE###4###
June Bargains.
Contradiction.
Government that gives the project its support. 1 am not alone in that idea,
having, I believe, no small section of the I [ understand it Is reported to the cf-
c-d«" p»i« “'“j " ™ "i*”110 sk'S'dLSû, 's'K-- iv-rs
tary standpoint, mentioning the fact that Machelle, when general officer commanding in Canada, approved the proposed canal as a strategic position.
Throughout PouporeN defence of the, TllQ8e of thc Ratepnvvrs who are still scheme the Premier listened with the indebted for their school taxes arc hereby closest attention, making many notes and notified that a list of defaulters Is Miiu enouiring tor further details on certain j made out ami w ill ho handed over for col..................................................... .
take the project up when the debate ad Municipality of Shaw ville. «I une loth, IStW
The Equity.
SHAWYILLeTjUNE 22, 1899.

J. P. KELLY

Wti are Oïcrint
Ottawa citizens propose to organize a
of their own,
School Taxes.
tire insurance company with the object of freezing out or bringing to their senses the high priced msti
doing business in
Binder
Twine


tutions that a
now
the city
A nice lot of )	,
Ginghams for oc. per ) d
nml Prints )
A larger lot of j Blouse Stuffs,
Ducks, &c.
Moot of thcso goods are
easily worth double the price asked.
In the event o: seems very likely, it is
&& a fa
artillerymen into thv tivltl. Most »*f tïiv,
latter are reported to he drawn front t tn and Dutch armies.
FOR SALE OR TO RENT
1 Oc. per yd.
The Future Pulp Wool Country
Aetc York,
AT
'
G«
--------	From American Paper Trad
Mr. («arrow, the Li lierai mem her t«>i	May 27 th, ISM
W est Huron, has kicked away the lftddci	———
by which lie seemed political eminence. 'flic common spruce tree of the Ameri-ln other words he repudiates rosponsihil Cil„ forests furnishes the great bulk of it y for the doings of Liberal organizer tjic wood pulp that is daily converted into Alex. Smith, the mail who seems to ha\c printing paper. The word “ common been a mighty factor ill making his sue jR chosen advisedly. Time was when in cess at the polls possible. Surely base m
UPPER THORNE CENTRE, QUE
»»
PHOPKRTY LATELY OvCV PIL'D BY
H. Newham,
Consisting of one aero of land on which is built :
Building 20x36 with addition 12x18, used as a store and dwelling.
Building 26x00 (2 stories) used as a store-house.
There is also erected on property
kitchen, woodshed and
Ti]e quality guaranteed to equal any-"B.u°Liv marked thing made. Price
ami will be appro-
crated when such. ^	afiy |ggjfl.
mate competition.
of states
England and the Northern tier spruce trees wore as familiar to the peo* pie and almost as plentiful as the grass
of the tielas.
The inevitable result has been so rapid a contraction of the available spruce area in the Vnited States that many of our paper manufacturers have been forced alo ready to go over into Canada for sprue-logs. The situation is not keenly critical, but it would be folly to declare that it is not alarming. American ingenuity may yet discover something to take the place of spruce pulp in the making of paper, but up to date, it surely has not done so. Upon the best inside authority it has lately been declared that, if the present pace of spruce laud is kept up, in five years from now there will not be a stick of timber standing in the United
States,	_ .
Forestry and pulp manufactur ng data
are in some instances difficult of access, but the most reliable sources of informa tion, after the most careful investigation by a Boston newspaper, yield the following facts :
Practically the only large spruce available for pulp now left in America— that is, for the supply beyond the immediate future—are in parts of Maine and the British Provinces.
Maine has been a most attractive field for spruce pulp operations. She pioneer in the indus Liy, and she now finds most of her own spruce contiguous to water power cut off. On the Androscoggin River there are numerous pulp mills which, when worked to their full capacity, require about 200,000,080 feet of spruce logs annually, and it is reported on good authority that the standing spruce in the territory tributary to these mills cannot last over four years at the present
“ Why,” was the
gratitude, this
Also some special bargains in
There is excelleti
London, June 17
reason to believe that thu demands made
mica oil behalf
by Canada, and other col of the Pacific cable scheme will be conceded by thu Government at the forthcoming conference with Mr. t haiiibvil.tiu and Sir Michael Hicks Beach: that is it the colonies are really satisfied with the prospects of the enterprise.
a summer oil house.
Conveniently situated for a General Store.
For particulars apply t
W. W. IRELAND or J. H. SHAW,
tihawvllle, Quo
The Manitoba Legislature lias been adjourned again to allow Premier Green way to consult with the ministers at Ottawa. There is one big subject oil which the ministers at Ottawa may be presumed to he concerned in Manitoba s affairs, the school question. Mr. Greenway 1ms ideas on this that do not agree with those
but the
IN REGULAR GOODS AVE CANNOT BE BEATEN.
NOTICE.
Notice is hereby given that the partner ship subsisting between Edward Hodgins,
William Alexander Hodgins and Selislev Edward Hodgins. was on the thirteenth day of June, one thousand eight hundred |
ShSij«i'S’E'ïtoSS' aSK JUST RECEIVED
due to
and those due from the same discharged, at the store of the late firm in hhnxvville, where the business will lie continued under the rtrraÊl)W.XRuîl0D0ÎNS & SON.
Shaw ville, June 13th, 1891).
Orders Solicited.
of the Laurier Government L-unier Government has lands and money which Mr. Greenway desires Greenway is probably Coming h barter some of his school principles tor some of the Laurier Governments lands and money.—Montreal Gazette.
Mi
We lmve just received a large lot ot Binder 1 wine (standard brands), and will be pleased to receive your orders for it. forms—Oc-
t
J. H. SHAW.
areas
When the Conservative party
six to thirty-eight
were
spending from thirty million dollars a year to govern
the liberal economists of those
PROPERTY FOR SALE.
tober 1st.
the
was a
country,	.
days (notably Sir Richard Cartwright) made a big fuss about it, declaring the amount to be outrageously disproportionate to the needs of the country.
the liberals who have been running
since they took
E. HODGINS & SONS.
The undersigned offers for sale his desirable property situated on Main street, Shawvlfie, opposite thellank. For terms and particulars apply to
This
SILAS YOUNG, Parkumu V. O
year
up the expenditure ever office, have already tabled estimates asking for forty seven millions of dollars, and it is quite possible the sum will reach fifteen millions before the session
We shall not pretend t this large increase is unnecessary, but it abundantly demonstrates the hollowness of Liberal economy professions,
PLANING, MATCHING & DRESSING
i
NOTICE
MILLINERY !
MILLINERY!
MILLINERY!
As I am now residing in Ottawa, and in the course of a short time intend moving niv family to Uiecity,all debts due me must bo paid at once. Therefore all parties owing bv either note or book must call at once otherwise cost will be Incurred.
say
closes
rate of consumption
recent remaik of a Boston manufacturer,
“ they are already grinding up bean poles and boughs for pulp down on the Andros- ! nnd pay coggin—this, to save the larger trees—
and God only knows what they will do | Ottawa, May 10th, ISP* five years from now."
Continuous to the Kennebec Hiver I VaIiIaHIa PPODeftV the spruce lands have been so nearly I	¦
stripped that they can no longer supply the pulp and saw mills with logs.
In northern Maine the water ways that
me
up
H.HOBBS
Having returned from Montreal and Ottawa Millinery openings 1 desire to draw tne attention of the public to my new
What LEr Poupore is doing for tho
Q 2 Canal
stock now opened in the store of
John McFarlane, Campbell’s Bay.
NOW DONE AT
OPINION or THE TORONTO TELEGRAM
i CORRESPONDENT.
Valuable Farm Property for sale, being the v	, H. e. Half of the N. E. Half of Lot No. 7 on
flow into the St. John Hiver above Grand tbe fourth Range of Clarendon, containing
«iffssss
banks and for many miles inland. This house, stables, sheds and other out-bul.dings.
is because there was profit to the lumber	*or 11111lUREV.t fcU.s?MORRISON.
men only in the large logs. The cost of |	Hudson, P. Q.»
driving and booming to the mills was over $2.50 per thousand feet on an
”10 ,nd d,il" I Fifty Settlers Wanted.
And here is the only part of Maine where large pu,p and paper mills can now
find a supply of good timber. » here Albevlti. The first 5#> «enters granted special
as ;Pf;«=t
sufficiently cheap these properties are	rev . CHA8. McKlLLOP,
being developed, or at least being bought	tn rew* u
up by paper capitalists as a safeguard for the future. But, with the enormously increasing consumption of white paper both in this country and in Europe, the A shrewd, careful young man, of good
ssa «si
to put off an evil day of actual exhaustion	BRADLEY GARRETSON CO.. LTD.,
only a year or two at the best.	I	Brantford, Ont.
It is Canada, then that we must turn for our spruce in the future—the very near future, too. And this condition has already awakened our provincial neighbors to the opportunity which they possess for developing the pulp and paper industry along our own waterways, so that if our manufacturers here in the states would provide early for the inevL table, they have no time to lose in the matter of selection and purchase of Canada lands. The price is already advancing, .
and the comparatively few water powers | | |i© rSFItlCr are becoming scarcer on the market.
The cry of the paper manufacturers is 41 On to Canada.”
An inspection of ray stock is invited, I feel confident of being able to offer goods at unprecedentedly low prices.
No trouble to
Ottawa, June 0.—If the Georgian Bay and Ottawa canal scheme ever sees fruition, no man so much as W. J. Poupore may claim credit for the achievement. The services cf McLeod Stewart are deserving of tho highest recognition, but bout the backing which they received, in the strength of the member tor Pontiac, in Parliament, the Georgian Bay and OG tawa canal would not hold the proud position it demands and is accorded today.
It was Poupore who lifted the Georgian Bay canal project from the realm of the nebulous, from what many oven believed to be the domain of the faddist. It was Poupore a confidence in the defence of the scheme that brought necessary capital into line, and it was Poupore who has made it impossible for the Dominion Government to treat the project with
There have been some
SHAWVILLE.
Do not forget to call show goods.
AGNES E. McFARLANE,
Campbell's Bay.
We wish to inform the public that having juat added a first-class Planing Machine to our other plant, we are prepared to do Planing, Matching and Dressing
f s up ply	de
saed lumber.
or H. MATHESON
wi
tihuwvllle, Que
aver
at short notice, and si mande for rough and dre
A Quantity of
Logs and Shingle Wood
Still Required.
« •>
The Celebrated . • ¦
0
If
t <
NORTH WEST
Has proven itself to be the Best and most Economical Farmers’ Stove on
the market.
ELLIOTT & BARBER.
WANTED
Shaw ville, January 24, 1899
changes, all boding good to the enterprise, since the member for Pontiac pictured the possibilities of the Georgian Bay canal scheme at the last session of Parliament. These Poupore explained this afternoon, in an argument for early action, that had the soundest claim to merit.
A Word to the Wise Is Sufficient.
Go to
Therefore we need not dwell on their many merits say that anyone requiring class article ahould call and see them before purchasing any other kind. It will be to your interest to do so.
Suffice it to a first-
DALE BROS.
An Earthquake
NEARLY THREE MILLION DOLLARS.
had been subscribed within the year, and $200,000 has been paid into a chartered bank. A small modification has been made In the request of the Dominion Government. Last year the Government asked to guarantee seventeen millions of bonds at 2 per cent.; now tho request is for a guarantee of twenty millions of bonds at 2\ per cent. Aside from this guarantee of bonds, the promoters of the Georgian Bay canal ask no favours of the Government. The guaranteeing of bonds involves no real outlay. The Government guarantee is made a first charge on the canal. Not a cent of bonus is asked, though Poupore is of opinion that the Government would be justified in subsidizing an enterprise of such great national importance to the extent of ten million dollars or more. The Gov eminent, moreover, is not asked to provide a dollar till the project is completed, a matter cf perhaps three, maybe five years. Poupore produced press opinions by the score, all of them indicating alarm at the proposed Georgian Bay canal, one journal declaring it to be
? KILLING rival.
Mr. Tartes transportation policy was given the heartiest commendation, and from the first to last Poupore insisted that it was primarily a non-political question. “ I’m Georgian Bay canal, first, last and
id he. “I will support any
Always creates a lot of excitement. Incidentally we might remark that our splendid and well selected stock of general merchandise ia creating a like amount of excitement amongst the purchasing public, the being our very low prices.
For anything and everything in the line of - - -
Tinware, Stoves,
Furnaces,
Cistern Pumps, Roofing or Evetroughing.
Other Styles.
cause
We have several other styles of Stoves on hand, so that we are in a position to satisfy intending purchasers with anything they may require.
was
will find ua prepared to supply his every need. We have everything he requires from a plough to a suit of cloth
R. J. BLACK, AGENT,
es.
J obbing and Repairing
Neatly and promptly executed at low prices. Good workmanship guaranteed.
DALE BROS.
SHAWVILLE, QUE-
Highest Prices paid for Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Eggs.
Tornados in the states of Illinois and Kansas last week, destroyed hundreds of lives and millions of dollars worth of property.
Sir William Van Horne has retired from the presidency of the Canadian Pacific Railway, and Mr. Thomas G. Shaughnesay has been elected in his stead. Several promotions have taken place among other officials aa the result of the change.
P. S.—Lowest Prices
The Housewife
Will also be pleased to learn that our stock of groceries and household necessities was never so large and complete. We have everything she may require to make the home happy d comfortable.
Farm and Stock for Sale.
There are erected on Ita frame house and kitchen, veneered, also wood and other outbuildings. The property !¦ beside the Lilly Cheese factory and Joins the
wâwmm
ulars apply to the owner.
E. T
an
In Conclusion,
Suffice it to say we have everything usually kept in an up-to-date general store.
A GENTS WaNTED-FOR "THE LIFE A, and Achievements of Admiral
iis-TBS-ngv .fip
friend and admirer of the nations Idol, Big-
BFi56iïS5fia5|siLâS rouira
SSl&HStiEsF I «^-.Starke’« Cornera.
'
P. S,
. hodgins.
Bhawvllle,
always, sa
4




/


###PAGE###5###

The Directors of Agricultural Society No. 1, held a meeting on Tuesday.
DOMINION DAY...
CELEBRATION
At Shawville.
RUNNING A,ND TROTTINC RACES !
LACROSSE M/\TGH !
FOOT AfID BICYCLE R^CES !
What to do With the
Boy.
The track men's strike on the Grand Trunk Railway, which has been the subject of much discussion of late, has terminated, with certain concessions gained by the strikers.

A conversation was held a abort time ago between husband and wife ing the future welfare of their only son. The mother was for giving him a profession, but the father thought the professions were crowded, and suggested starting the boy in mercantile life.
The father’s reason for being opposed to hie son entering professional life, was that ho had a brother, who, while very clever, hatl nothing to show for his years of labor but a mere living and a good, big account on the debit side—the money spent in educating himself.
The father, not having the education of
his brother, and some years ago engaged with the BradleyGarretson Co., Limited, of Brantford, Ont., first ns canvassing agent, being promoted from time to time until now he was in the very front rank with this company and making lota of money. Hu has also seen a lot of the world, having been sent to Australia, South Africa, England and the United States. It was therefore not to be wondered that he was opposed to his non tuk ing up a profession, and ns the non in question had a liking for money and travel, it was finally decided that he ought to follow in the footntepa of hia father and enlist with this old reliable Publishing House, especially as he had just received a good salaried offer from them.
concern-
WillJtnd we pay particular attention to Fine Tailoring.
Out- past achievements have been great.
Being spurred on by success wo purpose for Spring of 189b to lead the van in—
A terrible catastrophe occurred on Friday morning laet at the Dominion Coal Company's collieries, at Caledonia, Nova Scotia, aa the remit of an explosion of tire damp. About DO miners were imprisoned, and of that number nearly half lost their lives.
!

With the half million dollars he receded for his stock in a Chicago steel concern, Sir William Van Hume purchased live thousand shares cf Canadian 1 ucilic, paying spot cash for thorn, lie gyt the stock, it is said at 85. As Sir William Van Horne was down for 1,000 shares at the time of the annual meeting, his hold-
amount to 0,000 shares, which of course, $000,000.
High-Class Tailoring.


The most fastidious young mail can always be suited in one of Frame's Suits.
The distinctive elegance of our style asserts itself as exceptionally exclusive.
Farmers' Race, trotting or pacing, best 3 iq 5 treats, - • Running Race, best 3 in 5 treats, ... 3-Minute Trot or Pace, best 3 in 5 treats,
Open to Horses owned in the County of Pontiac.
Free For All, trot or pace, best 3 in 5 treats,
Purse $18. Purse $10. Purse $30.


mgs now ut par, means

Laborers Scarce in the ITorthwost
Purse $35.
CHAS. FRAME,
Winnipeg, Man., «June 8.- The labor
a serious one with
Entries to he in Secretary's hands before June ItOth. iir For fuller particulars, as to conditions, etc., see
ADMISSION TO G KO l NOS, il CENTS.
problem is becoming the mil ways wanting work done here. The C. P. II are now calling for 300 men their western division, and employment agent Calder states that ho is still unable to secure men, either in Manitoba, the Territories or British Columbia. He
has also an order from Mann, Foley Bros, and Larson, contractors fur the Boundary Creek road, for 300 more, which he is unable to till, though the wages are high. Work on the Southern is also likely to be greatly hampered by scarcity of labor. They are calling for 500 section men and general laborers for their road. This work will last until next winter.
FINE TAILORING
Opposite Baei,
large poster.’». CHILDREN 15 CENTS.
R. L. WHITMAN,
SbawYille.
on
J. H. SHAW,
Chairman of Committed.
Secretary.
?
IG. F.HODGINS
ESTABLISHED 1886.
t
FOR SALE

The Shawville
One pure bred Hhortborn bull calf, six wee ks old, color, dark red with a few small white spots. Price $25 uO.
Apply to
I). II. CAMPBELL. Maple Ridge, Que.
SASH and
Doon
FACTORY.
DEPARTMENTAL STORE ..............
Tin Dili GompletrDepariDieQtal Store in tie Connty.
-—ALL KINDS OF —
Killed by a Mad Horse
Fruits! Groceries ! Confectionery!
Interior & Eiicrior
A shocking affair is reported from Galt. Ont., whereby Andrew Ilarvie, an aged farmer, of that neighborhood, is dead, as the result of an attack from an enraged Clydesdale stallion. The animal tiret attacked Alex. Uarvie, his groom, whom he severely injured. Mr. Harvie, er., went to catch the animal, and the horse made for him, knocking him down,
If you wish to indulge in a glass him. A mare coining into the barnyard
of refreshing Ice cnam, call at our next attracted the mad stallion’s attention parlor and get thoroughly satis fled
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs
MANUFACTURED.
In the above lines we have a very choice stock. Our prices are low. and goods lirst class.
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. Ac ,
Kept in stock snd made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULAR PRICES.
Our Great Annual Summer Display of
Ice Cream !

Dry Goods, Boots & Shoes, Carpets
and Clothing
IS NOW IN FULL SWING.
McCREDIE & HOGGINS.
and ho made oil' towards her, but wes caught at the gate. Mr. Harvie fcaok charge of the horse while the other men took the injured young man into the house and sent for the doctor. Though -¦r-p, only a few moments elapsed before their L	return, they were horrified to seethe
stallion running around the barnyaid with the old gentleman, perfectly naked* in his mouth, Mr. Harvie’a clothes being strewn about the yard. Mr. Scott pick-| ed up a stone and hit the hurso on the head, which caused him to drop his now lifeless owner. A decoy was now used to decoy the horse towards the barn, where he immediately began to batter down the door, and would soon have been in the other horses had not Mr.
\
Estimates furnished.
D. WILSON,
Opposite Pontiac House,
Gl.BOMtol,
Ê
SI I AW VILLE

IF YOU VISIT THE STORE THE PRICES ARE BOUND TO ENTHUSE YOU . .
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
SHAWVILLE
Meat Market
• •
and
Prints, Scotch Ginghams, Muslins (in spots, stripes and fancy designs), Piqués, and Zephyrs—the most desirable goods that can be offered—patterns correct—colorings you can’t resist.
Laces.—Hundreds of pieces to select from, including black silk, cream silk, Oriental, Valenciennes, Torchon, linen, etc.
JEWELLER
¦ 1
m
KEEPS
K OF
A SELECT M -
WATCHES,
CLOCKS. JEWELLERY. SILVERWARE <tc. Ac.
i
1
W
s
CHOICE FRESH AND CURED MEATS OF ALL KINDS NOW IN STOCK.
I jM	—1IMPMBI
Scott obtained a rifle and shot him.
Mr. llarvie was terribly mutilated, his neck, ribs, arms and legs were broken, neck and shoulder bitten, and the body bruised frcni head to foot.

Rkiaihin'.—
aSpe< iality.
Thanking the publlic for past patronage, I respectfully solicit a continuance of the same.
SHAWVILLE, Q.
i Shawville Produce Quotations.
23 tc so
00 to CO —to — — to —
Crinkle Cloth—all colors.
Checked Shirtings—an endless variety of all patterns.
J. 0. McGUIRE. !
O —
Oats............ ...
i Peas...............
Buckwheat...........
Rye.................
Eggs, (fresh,)......
Wool................
Butter..............
Pork per 100, dressed
Beef................
Hay per ton.........
Calfskins............
Hides,..............
Pelts...............
srarfa j ? m
IrPROMPTLYSECURED
For the


ASK our Tapestry Carpets at 2.3 cents per yard ; also TO our gentlemen’s Rain Coat—heavy material—color, SEE black, only—full sweep cape—for $2.85.
Spring Trade.
10
14 to 10 . to 12



mu
Highest references furnished.
MARION A MARION PATENT SOLICITORS * EXPERTS
pSSBS
CF,;=«: { SKS oT
- — to
5.00 to 5.50 5 50 io 7.00 .... 45 to 00 5.00 to 5 50 .	35 to 50
#1*1#


SAMPLES OF ALL KINDS OF
P. S.—Gentlemen,—How is your summer straw or bicycle
THE

cap ?
LATENT
IMPROVED
NOTICE.
THE Or. F. H0DCHNS
now on band for inspection*
Make it a point to leave your order early.
I purpose having a sale of all household furniture, farm Implements, etc. .on or about the middle of June. Parties wishing can machinery, furniture, etc., by calling at residence. Main Street, Shawville. Due notice will be given of day of sale.
Departmental Store, Shawville.
see
H. HOBB9.
ALSO A STOCK OF
THE HDLL ELECTEE! CO.
Expresses,
They're
Good-
Fitting
and
Always
Reliable.
mcguires
SUITS
Are the Best— TRY THEM !
Waggons,
ee#
•••
and Carte,
Stevens Rifles
Cars run at Intervals of twenty minutes In the morning and fifteen minutes In the after noon, daily, Sundays Included.
and a carload of
CARRIAGES
Close connection# are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley train# at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
are guaranteed to be
xi BUGGIES
Very Large Stock of T weeds, Serges and Worsteds to choose from.
SAFE^SOLID, ACCURATE,
No
Baggage promptly handled.
Disappointments. Alw ays ready on time.
W. R. TAYLOR,

expected daily.
Sec.-Treas.

A. SMILEY,
CS^Shawville.
}
60 YEARS’ EXPERIENCE
the -	i
$6.00 « Favorite ”	| \
to our most expensive “ Ideal/* • •
v i
The “ 1DB1L ” No. 44 Is a lise rifle. ! ! 0NB OF OCR LEADERS, price oaly |I0.11 We guarantee it ia every respect. Noth- » ¦ lag cheap ahoat it bat the price. ,,
Froi
I «
n
We
Guarantee
Every-
Thing
Better to lead than to follow.
-WE LEAD-



GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD

We
jL

Mako-
Trade Marks
1 COPYRIGHTS Ac.
suss
#% fW notice without «h Mrk-ninths
Scientific America


e£K6sy:'sseR.-r.t

T
For Genuine Good-fitting, Up-to-date Suits, see McGUIRE.
::: «sgitnsa tsstsr
K BUSK ........
pie# Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO.i Limited
IN SPECIAL SIXES, 818.00.
j. STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL CO.,-
________________P 0. Box
CHICOPEE PALLS, MASS*
We sell the Famous
“TYKE SERGE.”

It.





Ï









'k







###PAGE###6###
[ EEEEH5EB	An Operation Evaded.
:	io the pi «Moot chamber which over- stool, so,—a little nearer tone, iluio	-
, ?	a?ffiVBfui?hZ,Tm:;Zi.«; «*.¦.*.;»«.of«obrsoll,ont..
;|^ week, and whose existence was as yet ly acquired since his ouii'a esc	1 ELLS HOW IT WAS DONE,
unknown to the widow. They had ence.	*	.
purposely kept it from her, so she had He was lying upon the couch, ana no suspicion that he was expected ; and Annie was sitting at his side and «<> the first genuine feeling of happiness near to him that his long fingers could
she had known since Isaac died, she	and caress her Mtmxtg	¦
CHAPTER XXXVI.—Continued.	his respects to Maude.	experienced when she was ushered in- while his saucy eyes feasted themsel- train the Chronicle, Ingersoll, Ont.
iSàsîSïSsssï fSpa~S£S
sfisiBH üiiMillIlS mmSM IlIpIJI
is r——• *— ' is; s is- ,;s ; K^is'krs.s&'iisv-	” ; |
This was a peculiarity of his and it invlies. and thus r.'assured, she drew !	l*aac, although she hated the Perbaj* hit wanted to tease Annie, resided here for over thirty years, and
= ?£ ~£rS iSm £B m | E™ EE ™
the Cop’ral.”	girl came over her she sprang toward 8,<B^t>thing more fanciful than the good, her all day, and dream about net all ( hionule reporter whether he would
At first the physician refused but Maude, and winding her arms around P1;'^ Bible Isaac. And while the night. "1 wonder where she is now. give no interview for publication, Annie approved the plan, hoping for her neck, sobbed hysterically, 4>ut widow kissed and wept over her grand-	(To Be Continued.)	elling the nature of his disease and
a good result, and she waited anxious- never spoke one word.	®°“' a°d f, lt	growing young,	q VÜIt’. ni Ie?I1.17 •M}®*;|«d	.
ly while Bill said cheerily	" What is it? What are you crying 1,11,1 8l,ft a°d gentle again, the crowd	-	¦¦	—	Size gi » the details of his illness and
tL	""	“ îïïï U	H	PARIS I» A BAD WAV.	. s™
down by that infernal nasty stream.’* “Oh, I don't know. The sight of you following the soldiers and band which	- on i	flefOe in my left aide,
Bill B iker's voice was the last which who have done so much for the war, penned Annie (iraham and Jimmie Drinking n*pir io Death with ihe Deadly 1 hp doctor thought it was neuralgia ol in the far-off prison had sounded kind- and been so brave, makes me seem so va Melon to the Mather mansion, where	Urern liquor lulled Uetimhc.	|.he nerves. It remained there for some
erA.-i-jiïÆ » “x r„.„d,	.....„r
his eyes kindled with something like enly, and then Maude’s eyes filled with I 11 W:i* a plensant coming home, and ha a discovered a new disease, which plied everything, and had fly-blister# their olden fire.	(ears, and she hugged the sobbing lit- ! a 02°?* ample compensation for all the he considers a grave danger for bis 0,2 *02, ^ hours. They never even caus-
z2 ; «iH ™T r z: I mHE
you/’ Bill continued, and then Jimmie for she knew that Rose Mather and t0„"?r J/1*? she deserved.	the last 10 years.	would have to be removed. The pain
drew a long breath, and burst into a her mother were both women of the Mr. Carleton was the one to l»e hon- The evils resulting from the use of was very great at times, and there was
and then he’d let 'em slide, and feel pines of North Carolina and the raoun- excitement, lay down at once upon the called "appetizers," whose oonsump- at ion, and Î was reconciled to It. About better. He’ll know you, Miss Granin, tains of Tennessee. But Rose’s manner scut, while his mother and Rose knelt tiou has notably increased of late years a week before I was to go to the hos-after this.”’*	divested her of all fear and in a mo- De*,«e him «nd kissed, and pitied, and . kVim_ _ll(l	,v in .,.iri * ,R'tal my wife was reading the Chron-
Annie was called just then, to at- ment she resumed that unconscious air ®ned over ‘ «ns poor white face, and	’	j	*rtp- She read an account of a man
tend another patient, and Rill was left of superiority to all else around her, • |,>nK» bony hands, which were almost bad 12t,*cis of all those be vex ages is who had been cured by the use of Dr. alone with Jimmie. There were a few . w hich was a part of herself. Queenly t^nsparent in their whiteness.	due	to ihe essential oils of plants add- Williams* Rink Pills. The symptoms of
broken sentences from the latter, and was the word which best suited her	Mi was not one of the party at	e(j to	alcohol which is of	itself often (*,e	disease were	so much	like mine
then Bill Baker was heard talking looks and her manners, and Rose paid	toe Mather mansion that night.	f	«llf,ri’r 41	rpniil,ri	that	she became	interested	and want-
rapidly, but very gently and cautious- homage to her as to a queen, and told . } ou ought to be alone the first an lnL ru qaa 3,1	1	cd me to give the pills n trial. I had
ly. and Jimmie lifted his head once and : her that she loved her, and how much niffbt/* she said, when Rose insisted thro* more injurious to the system. little faith in the pills hut as mt looked across the room where Annie she had thought of her, and how anx- Hi at she should join them. “To-rnor- It appears that every kind of a lcoh o- wife seemed to be anxious that f should was	| ious her mother was to see her, and FVW * W*JI come round and call on lUm has its special symptom and can f:<ke them. Ï consented. The day for
„:r;: to. » t.;s ïstoi sjt •*-	ttou..	-, - «......• a M au
Bill said to Ann: % ”1 made him under- ! There had been daily visits to the 311 tbe arrangements, and was curi us ed hospital physician, who has fie- I would go to the hospital for ft while stand where he was, and that you was Monteur since then, and Mrs. Carle-	jo see the wornm who had almost been	quent	opportunities for observation. ’ nR ^	was feeling	letter, i	continued
here, and all right on the mam ques- ton had met the beautiful Maude, and	hPr. nva1’ while Annie was quite as	]Thti alcoholism resultin '-	from the 1 the	nnd wafl «rP3t,y	surprised
tion; and though he’d like to have bust	mentally approved of Tom’s choice.	curious to see her, the heroine of the	i	...	.	,	. ..	and pleased with the result. I con-
his hi 1er for a minute, he’ll come all • Charlie too had been petted and	car-	mountains. In her letters to Annie,	abuae o[ wlue ld	enUre1^ different	tinned to improve, and have long since
straight, I reckon.”	jessed, and his blue eyes o|>ened with hose had purposely refrained from from that caused by brandy, whisky given up all idea of an operation.
It was more than an hour before An-	wonder as he saw what Northern	wo-	mentioning Tom’s name with Maude’s,	and rum, and both	aro easily disiin-	^ hen 1 started to use the pills, 1
nie went to Jimmie again, but when	men were like, and remembered	his	so that Annie was ignorant of the real	ffUisht»d fr.nn «twinihUm whirl, ,vr*	was unable to walk, nnd suffered some-
she did thv eager, joyful look in his ey, s prejudice against them. He liked the st:1	things. But she did not re-	.	*	p thing awful with the pain in my side*
told her that she was recognized. Northerners, he said, but he was loy- m3lrn 80 lung.	8t‘Dl8 entirely distinct symptoms. It was just five weeks from the tim#
Don't speak to me,—don’t talk/* al to the Southern cause, and listened, 18 sh<‘ so very beautiful ?’’ she said	ABSINTH ISM 1WRE ASNIG	that T st.arted the use of the pill
she said, laying one hand lightly upon	with flashing eyes and crimson cheeks,	to Rose, when, after supper, they were	...	until I was able to walk again and
the lips, which began to move, while	to all he continually heard of the sure	a11 assembled in Cue parlor, and Maude	1<or every 20 cases of	alcoholism that	had been doctoring three months be-
with the other she smoothed the short defeat and disgrace of the Confeder- wa8 the subject of conxersation.	cam i under the observation of Dr. ^ore (hat, and I have been working
curls of hair.	acy.	Love and War	Laucereaux in hospital 10 could be ever B,me’ Altogether I have takes
He kissed the hind upon his lips, Matter were Ln this wise when the Ask Tom; he can tell you/* Rose re- i .	. qq	. lBi,hiBm' . .	#, sixteen boxes of the pills, and the;
and whimpered, through ihe fingers: , day came on which Annie was expect- Phed, ant by the conscious look on	a a	ausininism tn.it	im- have done me more good than all thi
Tell mi1 first, was it true, he told	ed home with Jimmie. Great prépara-	Aura's face, Annie guessed the truth	miladies trie, able to	absinthe were	doctors' medicine I ever took in my
me ? Do you '-He did not finish	t ious had been made for that arrival. I	at°nce* .	equal in number tu all	those caused by	hfe. I have now every confidence is
the sentence, for Annie understood	In Rockland there was more than one I 1 hat night, whtn the two brothers	wjue anj spirituous Honors He had	H1* Williams’	Rink	Pills	nnd think
him. and bending so near to him that	prisoner who had been nursed by An- were alone in their room, Tom said to	aiso r, marked in the meantime that	arB	medicine in thq
no one else could hear, she said :	I nie Graham, and her name was spok-	. while alcoholism, so-called, remained ^orld, to^lay Çprlainly hid jt not
“ Yes, Jimmie,—I do/'	; en with reverence and love by the ver-	WeJI* my ,M)y. 1 ve kept my word, stationary absinthism was ramdlv in been foT ^°m ^ would have had to
He seemed satisfied, and something lest vagabond that talked the streets. —1 v* waited a year and more. I’ve creasing.	through the ordeal of an operation
of his old manner came back to him They had not made a demonstration in Rlv,‘° y°u every chance a reasonable Alarmed by these facte, h< isked Hnd Ppr^iaP* would not have been when, later in the day, Annie tried to	a long, long time, but they were going	could ask. Have you made a pro-	exact statistics of the tax author:-	HV** n^’	holT,	1}]A'	mL^irlg
strighieu the clothes about him. and	to make one now, and the honors which , P*1 use uf your privileges ? Would it	ties, and found his theory confirmed	fhlM Public it	will	be of	benefit to
wet and brushed his hair.	| poor George saw in fancy awarded to	a°y good to try and win Annie ,t appearing that the consumption of ofh.ers’ as {t wa? through one of these
"Look like a hippopotamus, don't himself were U) be given to his wife, «ow*	absinthe in Paris had increased from Articles that I first learned of the unI? he asked, touching his thick- Jimmie, too, whose terrible sufferings You cun try if you like, Jimmie I 380,000 gallons in 188,s to an estim it. d	ed qualities of the pills,
skinned face.	; j had excited so much commiseration, ®ald, with a smile.	consumption of 5^0 000 cillons for	public is cautioned against
"Not half as much as you did,” An- was to have his share of consideration. *ud l.hen D m told him of his hopes laat year lhal is *lt /	“ , trii>l«H numwous pink colored imitations of
nie replied; and the first smile her Bill Baker, who had been home for a concerning Maude De Vo re, and Jim-	years.	1 these famous pills. The genuine art
face had worn for weeks glimmered , week and was as usual the most ac- m;8 ®aid to him saucily:	j These figures represent the amount 80,d nn,y in boxes' thp wrapped
around her lips, for she knew now the i tive spirit of all, suggested that when A)u“ j you rejnember 1 told you once Qf alcohol pure in the liquor and not arS?Htf whidwhe'ft’rs the words Dr danger was past, and Jimmie Carle- they flung out the banner on which fou. had h3d y°yr day^ But some hulk, which would be considéra hi v w^hnms* Pink Pills for Pa Sr People/ ton would live.	was inscribed, *' Honor and welcome to lu< dogs h ive two, and you, it seems greater.	y	If your dealer does not have then
Annie graham." they should give three are ooe ot them."	, Tha man who has been much in Paris thpy wUI ,w 8ent P°stPftid at 50 cenU
—j EHEEHm
It takes me	back to my Southern struck up the sweet refrain of “Annie	f ,ce. a8 the two stood holding each	cllents ~~ old men poorly clad, who	number. however, was not always rehome, she said	to Rose, who, stand- | Laurie while the voices of the And-	other’s hinds and looking into each	,ia 1 n a few sous by selling newspapers	garded as unlucky, in fact, there if
ir-t,*'?”^	avKfss. %%%'«%"J -—•• -	01
jags 23 Ætfju ,sKV5i sa s 2t«‘Sï*zrxZL£i sæsvurssr*	...
in love with her	as if she had known ! with hcr f ce flushed with excitement, |	put Ln the cave of the Cumberland.	. ^ke increase of alcoholism- in France	, ,lle aboriginal Indians of our own
her all her life.	At first, she had and her eyes shining with tears, she ;	I understand about Arthur,” he	ts at tribnted to the phylloxera that	^ ‘ 8iern continent, amply proves thi#
dreaded a little to meet the fearless 1 stood in the midst of the shouting «aid ; “but he is dead ; there is no <hstroyed the vineyard*, increased the fact heroine of the mountains. A girl who	throng, gizing wonderingly from one | promise now in the	way. I claim you	price of wine, and led to the fabrication
had held a revolver at the heads of	to the other, nnd realizing nothing I for ray own. Am	1 wrong in doing	w*ne Wllh alcohol that necessarily-
both Federal and Confederate ; who in	clearly, except the firm clasp upon her so f“	engendered a false appetite. y	wero the	same	opinion! in regard to
the night, had ridden twenty miles on	term	That Maude's reply was wholly satis-	, * ke tasie for alcohol once created by	*ke mystic	numl>er
mmsm	mmm§ msimsm
mmm	m^rnm
mmm	#5^5==###=
sometime, to be Maude Carleton; and	the jam. Of course she was; 'twas like	ing with Rose's boy-the little Jimmie,	an,i >moke, and simulate the flowing of	had seva^n,!?
Tom was allowed to pay her attentions	them Ruggieses to go where the doin’s	a handsome, sturdy fellow of nearly	a "tream of incandescent lava Th	13 wLk» a nikîrlîï Inliiiii r«
teur House, and Immediately after din-	chagrined that she did not find her.	made out of it a tolerably distinct	wlth turf, trees and shrubs »n ! ij	nu‘lir ,r u / f tim s J.	ih»ir
c^mplînted "bVVlîr^ho, T ÔÏÏidbît	hou^ which ^ohThàd WigW* wUh	Ann"^ fLceV’and 'a u^ing l^ile to	***** Wthe 'carier "It 'ihe^sum'	w'insTm
re anxious than herself to pay	bis captain's wages, so carefully saved. I	Jimimie's.	mit.	»um-	Dmpoeing it, and their	tribes
| Love and Waiw
A STORY OF SLAVERY DAYS. Bv MARY J. MOI MHS.

<1/
y
P/miiteme ef Aw»«Uellls-The Wsy They

We
1
Mr
)
The
THIRTEEN.
tee.n Clubs, how few there# are of u#
who are not in the inmost recesses of
ser
many ancient oriental peoples to show that in olden limes it was held as •
The history of the
food
and
Biblical student# also well know that in Testamentary times the Jew#
Thirteen cities
cee
was


-X-

mi

###PAGE###7###
Th • Excellence le Uniform end the High Standard Alwaye Maintained
•r.'HE."™ i
found In the tomb of Mentuhotep, who	,-r>TiAXU_ before any symptoms of that disease
— —S5“,h	™
IuaiUe are many ;	jl.t tin day, ago
Widow Murphy—Uegorra, they kipt
fhk stalest bread in the world


A
i

CEYLON TEA.
*5. 30, 40, jo * dee
Lead packages.
A BOON FOR THE LAME!
THE IVEY PATENT EXTENSION SHOE 60.
!
brown In color
large boles. Probably this part of the broad long since fell into dust, but [well, didn’t they I much of the bread still remain» in the shape of whole kernels and pieces of
Examination proves that the
s week, hate no trouble u> u 'iirliiee aibors of lie f»his.	. M
Tl.L Kiienalvn is by far là# heel ef llenaler# ever p aced a, làs market, sad eneW# the w.srer u walk anriflhl. la walk with ear# eed wimferL la wear enj ordiaa* etar* ,hwe, sad gifee them the same appea anee aa tAair mere lertuaale (needs Deeorpwe# oircutaie free 14 all. A*k for terme to ageate. Address
170 BAT STRUT,
#• lIj 1
FTZ.îl
m
1 1. . i/5>
Si
it «ea
Mit
, 4.** f.


;
S'.?,"6"
)»* f
LU BY’S EES®
Sold by all druggists. 50c. a boule.
LLà W 4
\
*:/


•V

grain
bread was made of barley, and the
5S z: ns • cm™*™™ *™™*
bread was one of the earliest	Husband—after the performance I
kinds made, and it was baked and cov- didn't enjoy the show very muc 1
ered with twigs and leaves of the syca- frhaf* you did, dear, but
The Tr'o^M of preparing the grain Jour breath doesn't indicate it
for bread U to be gathere d from a wall	.	*uo9— Man. Reom»
inscription which has been Uncovered HOIOl CftrtlAK6y from $1 • d»v up (>pp at Thobes. It is a graphic picture of o.fëiatiua, Moitrssl. 0—> Oarilafce & to., rrsp# the entire process. This picture shows	^
that at that early period even the hand mill was not yet invented. The flour was, of course, far from First Amateur Gardner—"Why do fine, and the bread resulting was of you buy your seed» of spade instead the kind found in lb*# Usatw. » It was 0f jjarrow? Are they of hotter not baked in ovefis, but after being QUft||iyf
kneaded into dough, by the addition of Second ditto—Not that I know of; water was placed between two heat- but pictures in hia catalogue are ed stones, or was put on a plats and , mueh fjner than those in Barrow s laid upon the redhot coals.	1	| book.
VX*
¦-Me
TORONTO, CANADA,
ûVM'-
A;’
%r
u*
WOODaPHOTt. I MR4VIW.
J.l )OSl 11 NC. (ï
i h tf) 4011 AIM VW I(;PI)N1(
Ideal Leather Polish
m-"
. s
-V
css
m
Will keep your shoes soft as velvet
m.,

4 ^
H'v4
\ M.


V *


MADE IN ALL COLORS. BOLD EVERYWHERE.
WHITE’S PHS8PH0 SODA
FREE CAMERA.
Rflerveselns Fkesekate, eseelkot otransef 1er lift*
.•LsisrKte*.!»isnr.ïiaüü'ss»
all drtiijfUts. In ISe, SBc-OosbA H * ey ks#w
Queen Oily Oe., 17* WeUIngtan-et I., feront*
ictSa
tioue
£or*elHnf two dozen ^ooksgeiof Tolfdo
cimeraî^lys'msdSlz 35V a! «Camera Co., h»H a Bauech Jc Lomb lene, and a abutter that can be used forsnap shot or time ex pee urea. With It weeend full Instructions, ee that a child of ten years can make, after a little experience, pictures almost as good as thoee taken 07 high-priced cameras. Many camera* ere sold separately, and the purchaser mast o buy the outfit afterward. \Te give the complet# outfit, ae shown. Wlla avsry camera. The oatflt censisle
1"YbUm Camera,
1 Box Dry PUta
Hobbs Hardware Go.
SPADE'S ADVANTAGE
without mediate# 1 or «spen* te US
jasras!iBsMî*®r
Du Barry’s
HEALTH RESTORES
LONDON.
BINDER
Highest
Grades.
TWINE.
Lowest
Prices.
50 Years
of*
Package Develop#.
Ret Directions.
-âSSSm 1 s^aeg1»?,
But when you atop and quietly go over # Second Boarder—I should say 1 d d.	______
==H=sfsFS“ 29TH ANNUAL REPORT####
Ontario Mutual Life Assurance Cb.'EHE«:;H5
She skid, “Why nut eyeak lor your-	REPARTEE.	Ull	IV IIIMlwm ^	port wa. oa/ried uiauimoualy,
"“ÜÆÎmU devotee of the fair mi I oome to steel, .aid the humorous TH£ BEST IN THE CUMPANY’8 HliTOHf, STILL UPWARD AND	|'ln r	to“ aTheAarty T.t. of
elirsSiH	rSfr:^:
SSHRHSËSSBBB
1 —¦ 1 ssiss- ?ps&'æ mmm
StS-KEs?» =-—r=.ï— *¦*
%, received a fair amount of pany was at best but an experiment, levy “Assessments or make Calls
sfsüf?l“s.ssK -*	jsr.îav
are triad to be able to infer» fully tha scientific principles unden- pany like ours with any kind el a.b-
251
earnimc power of money, we have been ieft untouched the giant strength and can possibly be. I he Ontario is a level enabled to continue a very liberal robust vigor of Mutuals. Their suo- premium Life Company; it takes no
distribution of surplus to our Policy- ceSs has been so pronounced that, premium note as .8®“® M® „	‘f®
holders.	some of the oldest Stock Companies are Companies do. and it holds at all time»
Our Superintendent of Agencies, Mr. now seeking to give their policy hold- the full Government reserve the same Earl since his appointment, has in- #rs a voice, however small, in the elec- as Stock Companies, elected our Agencies in Ontario, Que- ' tion of Directors-» right which the Mr. E. P. Clement, acting Sheriff tmr Manitoba, British Columbia, the members of this Company have enjoy- and County Crown Attorney, Berlin» v Provinces, and the Tern- ed since its establishment in 1869. Dur- |n proposing votes of hanks to the tories, a number of hew Agents has ing ihe past year we have added large- Head Office Staff and Agents, paid a been appointed to our Staff, which ie iy to our Assurance, largely to our glowing tribute to the Manager, ©esre-thorougbly organized and er- incom-% largely to our Assets, large- tary, Medical Director, officers, an<i fective. This we believe will result in jy to our Surplus, that our Lapses are field workers, for the very effuvnt u si ill larger and better class of busi- feW| that our Cash Surrender Values manner in which the business of he ness. The amount of new insurance are little more than half they were in Company, in their respective depart-taken during the year was largely in igy?, that up to the 1st of May our in- aents, had been leaked after, an t tor of former years, and of a very crease in business is greater than in the marked success that attended their h itisfactory character.	1898, and our death rate much below labors during the past year.
The death rate wan much below the the average. May we not hope, there- Mr. Geo. Wegenast, Manager, reexpectation, and the losses by lapses fore| that the progress of 1898 will be turned thanks on behalf of himself and cash surrenders were considerably even greater in 1899 f	and the Head Offiee and Agency Staff,
to assurance taken VICE-PRESIDENT'S ADDRESS. assuring the meeting that it was n
¦¦¦
mmm zw m mmm
îeo,ooe
9 InvsrMle 4
Annual Cures ef Owutipa-liou.Flatuleusy,
DuBarry & Co., E;;:“
#####!
the question you
I
a
âge a
decides to marry
lttMorele<lesirabiê bachelors have been
r.J:	mS | o n e n
and a grate fire than books ever tell
of—a case of cause and frank woman remarked:— VVell, looking seriously at it, 1 guoss 1 did pro— He had loved me long	msntrial
'enough and'deserved to be rewarded, The “ Balmftral,” Free 1 US jfiôîiS snly he was too busy with law to foiloa
lovely I wish we might have a few days by the sea before the summer Dloses/ and in the most coy manner \ said. 'Let us go I" In three weeks were married."
And who ears women never propose!	'
ENGLAND
MANCHESTER.
M. Brit tea, Q.C., M.P., Kingston, said that the business of life m-
voluine and importance was
pSNMON SINSI KILLS lUscbw, Bed
U Hugs, Rail aid Mice. Hold by all
pose to J im
P#; BALE - BRUCB COUNT Y
Pome Greet Bargains Apply to JAM à.» McK. STEW AKT, Drawer U, Kincardine r O., Out
Tailors and
BRASS BAND
W 6
ns “ lalmeraV Free lee ftg
WHAT THE MINISTER SAID.
Jiegso—What did the minister say
«rhen the plate came up!
Hingso—He said he wouldn't mind nuch if the buttons were ell alike.
“Pharaoh iOc.»^pglS^
. MATURE consideration.
Misa Peachblow-Was your marriage to old Moneybags the result of love at
first sight!
Mrs	,
thought.	____
La Toscana, lOO. FACTORY™Mon?re5
MUST TRY SOMETHING ELSE. Rinks—Say, old man, do you know of
“iæis&n&£* -ii «° * *
Hirr & snas -
young to count.
BO
»
O

Moneybags—No ; of second
Maritime
now
1899 MODELS
are the best Rambliss ever built, at any price, and the 1899
excess
PRICE IS $ 50.00.
Rambler builders are confident, after 20 years' experience, that they can build and are building the ¦Ëgl*
leas in proportion and is force, tnan In any preceding
"BEST BICYCLES IN THE WORLD”
iBsSii
RECORDS OF TWO OLD FAMILIES. BIRTRAM, WIIBSN Your grandfathsr used to saw wood uuu| „	^
Yes ; I'vs heard him toll how your ideal biotol^Îo^A ^ grandfather beat him down r>n ina If there Is no Agens In your tewn for the above VÎ bee)*
and half th. time didn’t pay	„ ^ ^'^To.osro.
and no wheel at a lower price can be of Ramsli* quality, none at a higher price worth more.
price
him.
i
€++*4/	€*k/uJ"
fiuwlvr " 4* '*U/
sÂ+n/jS 4t-ùnÀ/
U
'KK
###PAGE###8###
¦>
I
%
V
/*


FINANCIAL STATEMENT
Of tfje Secretary Treasurer of tl\e Couqty of Poqtiac.
STATEMENT.
Cash Receipts and Disbursements for the Year
ending* 30th December, 1898.
County Council Minutes
SNAPS IN WATCHES.
Binder Twine.
?8
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of the lirst division of thu Municipal corporation of the County of Pontiac.
Minutes of general quarterly session of the Municipal Council of the first division of the Municipal corporation of the County of Pontiac, held in the Council hall at the village of Bryson on Wednesday, the fourteenth day ot June, eighteen hundred and ninety nine, at ton in the forenoon, at which session wore present the warden, G. 11. Brabazon K*<|, Mayor of the village of Portage du Fort, and the following County Councillors, viz :

SEE THESE ... PRICES.

Formers, wr can deliver any quantity of pure Manila Binder Twine at your dour-in either Clarendon, Bristol, Thorne or Leslie at the follow ing prices :
O
Solid Silver Case,7 Jewels, Waltham,..$ 7.v0
5(
l
In
Jnt. and
S. F.
Co. Rate
Sampson, 10' cents a lb. Blue Star Red Star Standard
Terms—Cash on deliver)
" «' .. 10.00
“ P. 8. Bartlett 13.00 “ Crescent St Nickel cases In place of «diver are $2.00 less 20 year gold filed cases are $6.00 mu re than the silver cases. For instance, a watch In silver case worth 87.00 would be worth $13 «*0 in a 20 yt at* gold tilled, or $Ul.o«> iu a 21 year case.
Gold filled cases arc the “Jas Ross " case and the guarantee is stamped into the metal oft he case, together with the maker’s name.
15
toroat
• •
1
9 “
94 “ 84“
U
3.00
17
U
Amt. rec'd from Municipality of Aldtield
h i* ??	»,	s, Aileyn
$	80	$ 108 92
114 01
12nd 04 1880 00 155 72 872 52 82 45 313 35 143 09
$ 19 97
u
I*. Jovcv Esq., Mayor of Vldtlvld.
.1. E. McGuire.* Esd.. Mavov of Vllumvtt Island.
E.	Graham Esq.. Mayor of Bristol.
I ’. C. DvZouvhv Ksii.i Mayor of Bryson. Thus. MeFarlane Esq., .Mayor of Vlarvn clou.
P. Mc Nally Esq., Mayor of Litchfield.
Geo. Palmer Esq., Mayor of Leslie. Clap ham. &c.
George Dagg Esq., Mayor of Thorne.
Thou. Bouporv Esq.. Mayor of Chichester. James Adams Esq and Bryson.
•Tames Hennessy Esq., Mayor of Chapeau
D.	Kennedy Esq.. Mayor of Sont h Onslow \V. II. Meredith Esu.,*Mayor of Quyon. XX'ni. Mooney Esq., Mnvoi
F.	E. Lasalle Esq., .Slayor of Calumet Island.
(L F. Hcxlg'ni Esq., Mayor of Shnwville. Wm. Sharpe Esq., Mayor of Fort Cou longe.
E.	Baniford Esq., Mayor of Manslield and
Pontefract.
M. Hayes Esq.. Mavorof Sheen, Esher, etc
(Lion
Bland)
and Cawood..............................
Amt. rec'd from Municipality of Allumette Ial’d 15 07
44	44	4 1	1 4	4 4 Bristol..... : 14 92
44 Bryson....... I
4 Calumet Island 10 42
44 Chapeau......
44 Chichester.. ..
44 Fort Coulonge 4 Leslie and
28 35 273 35 457 08 :*8 57 121 03 20 42 27 90 35 44
I
14
44
it
o
11
1 4
It
Send in your orders (a post card will do) n stating quantity and brands desired and | “ we will deliver Twine in July.
i--? All orders must be in I h* fore July 6th in order to insure early delivery.
44
4 4
44
44
44
5 67
44
44
44
44
44
GOODWYN
44
44
44
44
5
Clapham etc.........................
Amt. iec’d from Municipality of Litchfield “	44	4 4	4 4	4 4 Mansfield and
Pontefract..........................
Amt. rec'd from Municipality of Onslow..
4 4	4 4	4 4	4	4 4 P. D. Fort...
44 Quyon........
4 Shaw ville 44 Sheen, Esher
151 45 1291 77
37 51
114 93
Mayor of Waltham
19 79
The Watchmaker,
SOLE AGENT —
IKNPKIOK, ONT.

Address
252 05 433 84 190 48 407 66 459 00
62 43 106 56 47 18 100 97 20 00
E. T. MARTIN,
Upper Thorne Centre. Ü


6 91
of Onslow

«4
it
41
11
«4
AGENTS WANTED FOR ‘THF LIFE JY ami Achievements of Admiral Dewey,” the world's greatest Naval hero. By Murat Halstead, the life-long triend and admirer of the nation's Idol. Biggest and best book; over 5tKi pages, 6x10 Inches ; nearly 100 nages halftone tl lustrât Ions, only	Enor-
mous demand. Big Commissions, outfit forming a quorum under the piesidency free. Chftnco of a lifetime. Write quick. f fim w„rrlMn The Dominion Company' 3rd Floor Caxtou UI tne v>ttluen'
Bldg., Chicago.
41
44
44
44
that Mr. Joseph Amin, of Quyon, be ap-1	etc tqc
€<*;7"^arr*e-?’	_ _ I Amt. rec’d from Municipality of South Onslow
Mayor Graham moves, seconded by	t.	n	»,	.t	«4 Thorne
Mayor Meredith, that the Revising Com-	*t	44	o	ti	u Waltham	and
mittee be instructed to visit each municipality in the County and examine the Valuation Rolls after their homologation	rec«j
by the local Council, and visitas many (44 propet ties as they may consider necessary, not spending more than one day in any municipality (except Clarendon,) and ascertain the actual value according to their judgment of such properties and comparing such valuation with that made by the local valuators, report whatever variation may appear and attend personally with their report in writing at its session in September next, the mayor of each municipality being instruct* ed to furnish the said	Revising
Committee with the said Valuation Roll and such information as they require.—
Carried.
Moved by Mayor McNally, seconded by Mayor Hennessy, that this Council do now adjourn.— Carried
34 7 16
269 00 918 23 263 89
64	17 103 06
65	36
Bryson
144 89
35 89
The minutes of March session and the special session hold on the 30th of May last were read, approved and signed by the warden, on motion of Mayor McFar-lane, seconded by Mayor Kennedy.
Thus. McFarlane Esq., Mayor of the township of Clarendon, laid before the Council the following resolution passed by the Council of the Municipal Corporation of the township of Clarendon at a special session held on the 6th of June, 1899, as follows, to wit :
Moved by coun. John Smiley, seconded by coun. W. C. McDowell, that the Corporation of the Township of Clarendon accepts the terms of settlement of its law suit against the County of Pontiac, set forth in a resolution of the Council of the Coqpty of Pontiac, of date the 30th of May, 1899, and hereby authorizes Thos. McFarlane, Mayor of the Township of Clarendon, to sign a discontinuance of said suit on said terms as required by said resolution.—Carried unanimously.
(Sgd.) Hugh Math es. in,
Sec.-Treasurer.
on interest and sinking fund acct 41 as interest on arrears..............
9712 36
9712 36 81 08
981 08
$11783 61 2387 31 756 8L
Loans from Bank. Balance from 1898
Total receipts
$14927 73
C1M11& Graftal
DISBURSEMENTS.
$9659 26 54 50
Are shewing a very large and well-selected stock in the following lines :—
Amount paid for interest coupons
$ 9713 76 1074 36 75 00 841 98
67 12 10 00 147 55
Bank commission
the Bank of Ottawa on sinking fund acct.......
grants to hospitals...........................
maintenance of insane.........................
transport of insane...........................
examination of insane,—(Dr.Lyon)..............
expert valuators..............................
auditors......................................
constable.....................................
special superintendent Jas. Shea—Bristol and Thorne road between the Townships of Bristol
and Clarendon.................................
A. .1. Brabazon, interest on loan.............
the Bank of Ottawa, (note)....................
the Bank of Ottawa, discounts, etc ...........
J. A Cowan, printing..........................
the Secy.-Treas.—travelling expenses..........
express charges...............................
incidental expenses...........................
Secy.-Treasurer's salary.......A..............
Amount deposited in Bank of Ottawa............
Balance in the hands of the Secy. Treas.......
44
44
44
SIDEBOARDS,
PARLOR SUITS BEDROOM SUITS, COUCHES, LOUNGES, EXTENSION TABLES,
SIDEBOARDS, DININGROOM CHAIRS FANCY ROCKERS BABY CARRIAGES,
[With rubber tire wheels]
41
44
Wm. LkKoy,
Sec.-Treasurer
5 00
44
12 50
41
44
The Final Draft
True Copy
5 00
35 00 892 00 13 94 12 00 20 30
Amount
paid
4 4
^	. , ..	.	The final draft of the Methodist con-
NlJssra NC ÂÎcCualireIndejd F MeGuïr™ fvrence ma,1° at Bwck ville last week is
accepting their appointment as members M„ntreal District—St. Paul. W. L. of the supervising committee re. valua- R()Wttn; Lachinc, W. Rilance; Maaeouche ions, and also a letter from U M. Me- Rapids, A. W. Williamson; Shaw bridge,
Lean, uf Eaidley, declining to act as p jj Tiui.ftt
he could not spare the time.	' Kingston District-Princess street, W.
A petition from James Kehoe, Patrick T. G. Brown; Vutaraqui, ,1. H. Philip;
Cams and others asking that a read be 0pinican \V. T. Brown; Tichbome, F. opened on the town line between the ^ Warden
township, of Bristol and Onslow; from	Brock ville District-George street, G..
the Cih to the thh range of the Township s Clendenning. Bishop's Mills, Wm. Wm. G. LeRov, of Onslow, was laid on the table by May 1	r	1	’
We have everything in the | or E. Graham and read by the Sec.-Treas
line of House Furnishings
44
44
J
44
44
10
• 4
45 00 153 00 1318 78 488 34
44
44
GO CARTS,
EXPRESS WAGONS SHOO ELY ROCKERS MATTRESSES,
CAMP STOOLS.
44
44
*
14927 73
(Signed,)
P. O’Meara, W. Lothian,
î
Auditors
Pyke; Oxford Mills, A. G. Robertson Del Hi—Daniel Earl.
Matilda District—Grantley, R. Daglish ; Berwick, T. H. Wright.
...	,	.	. Perth District-—Clayton and Lanark. J
nell. of the village of Quyon, be appoint- Wilkinson and T. Powell; Easton's Cor ed a special superintendent to examine ner Ur Larmnur; Lon.Wrdv, F. Le , and report upon the road asked for, be- , Xewbor j. W. Chi,,man
tween Bristol and Onslow, hi. report to Pembroke district-Heachburg. J. M.
Main St., - - Shawville. j fore the September meeting of this Coun- L^L.'Mvwb ! nl’rnb^ W.'T' Wdlimt'
C1VrT oned',	a ‘ a	Clarendon, R. H. Whiteside.
The Council now adjourned until one Ottawa District-Ear,Hey. Wm. Hal
, v. „	.	.	•" the afternoon on motion of Mayor	v||elsea_ H A y.mng; Alwm, J
As usual this Branch of our business is | Meredith, seconded by Mayor Dagg. \y Chari es worth
Pursuant to adjournment the Council stanstead District-Hatley and Coes assembled at one in the afternoon, the viu Asa 0 Watts; Magog, R. Robin
same members being present.	son; Masonville, Ch-L V Sykes.
The Clarendon case was now taken up Waterloo District-Waterloo, G. S and the financial part of the agreement Revnolds. Cowansville, T. C. Cassidy or settlement was closed by the Sec.- liwlf(ll,L G H Williams.
Treasurer H Matheson E„t . of the	West Shefford-D. D. Elliott.
Municipality o Clarendon, handing over	Huntingdon District - Hemmingford.
eS-jiAaa^°UnC(„a,n aCCeP!ed =he<1Ue, ur W. N. Chantier; Huntingdon, C. S. «iaOO 4b in full for county rate, to date, Dee,.rose; Hendersonville; J. A. Dormer;
payable at the Merchants Bank of Can Clarenceville, Wm. Pearson, ada at Shawville.	Quebec District-Trenliolmville, B. B.
The manager (F. A. Parkerj of the Brown; Danville. Wm. Hewitt; Windsor Merchants Bank being présent, agrees to j Mllls_ A j. Belton; Minton, A. B. pay into the bank of Ottawa, Ottawa,
$7011.87, amount due for interest and
Secy.-Treas
urer
XV
Bryson, Que., 31st Dec., 1898. STATEMENT.
ARREARS DUE ON COUNTY RATE
Mayor Kennedy moves, seconded by Mayor Mooney, that Mr. James O’Don-
OFFICE AND SHOW ROOMS— —A. R. SMILEY’S BUILDING
Next Door to Donaldson’s Jewellery Store
In
Municipality
Ci
Total
ter'*-*
UNDERTAKING
$ 4 14
f 63 83 74 57 1003 17 94 63 269 65
8 67 97 79 24 1063 26 100 20 285 83
Calumet Island Chichester.... Clarendon
Shawville.....
South Onslow.
equipped with all necessary supplies in eluding the best embalming appliances.
4 67
50 09
6 67
1C 18

II
f
880 75	$1505 75
81586 50

s
(Certified correct.) (Signed.)

V
W. Lothian, P. O’Meara,
}
WM. G. LeRoy,
Auditors
Secy .-Treas
0TTÀWA&GATINEAU RY
Municipality of County of Pontiac,
Bryson, 31st Dec’r, 1898
I
CHANGE OF TIME
STATEMENT.
ARREARS DUE ON INTEREST AND SINKING FUND ACCOUNT

Summer time card as below will take effect May l.Ub, 1899.
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa. no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa No. 3 Train Leave Ottawa No. 4 Train Arrive Ottawa No. 5 Train Leave Ottawa.
No. 6 Train Arrive Ottawa No. 7 Train Leave Ottawa No. 8 Train Arrive Ottawa,
Nos. 1 and 2, daily except Saturday.
Nos. 3 and 4 daily except Saturday and Sunday.
Nos 5 and 6 Saturday only.
Nos. 7and 8 Sunday only.
For tickets and further information apply , ,	. n	^
to E. C. Arno dl. Ticket Agent, 9< Spark chants Bank of Canada at Shawville, ask-St., or Ui Central Chambers. Ottawa	ing for, at least, & part of the County
Gen’l Sup’t. | Council account, was read and after consideration by the Council, it was moved by Mayor Graham, seconded by Mayor Kennedy, that the Secretary Treasurer of this Council notify the Sec. Treasurer of the different local municipalities to pay any money due or that may become due for county rate at the Merchants B*hk of Canada at Shawville, until otherwise instructed.—Carried.
The Secretary-Treasurer laid before the Council a statement of his account from J. M McDougall Esq., Q. C., amounting 8 22 to 8588 30, also an account from XV. s f)h Rimer, Esq., Registrar, for searches and "	8 92 certificates furnished to Mr. McDougall,
JJ	amounting to 829.00.
•# 7#jg Mayor Mooney moves, seconded by **	7.16 Mayor Graham, that the Sec.-Treasurer
; be authorized to pay the above account. Carried.
Argue; Eaton, A. H. Farnsworth; Cook shire, P. H. Allin; Island Brook, G. H Crabb; Leeds, X. B. ton, G. Mossop; Gaspe
5.20 p.m
8(0a m* I	fund to the 30th of June inst
6.45 p.m	, ,,
130 p.m. Farlane Esq., laid upon the table the
9.30 a.ra! withdrawal of the case against the County l.'ss p!m j of Pontiac, signed by thirty-two plaintiffs and becomes responsible for the signatures to the withdrawal of the other six who have not signed.
A letter from the manager of the Mer-
rn
; Uver Vrighfc.
Cr
Dr
The Mayor uf Clarendon, Thor. Mc-
In-
In te rest and S. F
Municipality
Total
terest
Death on the Trail
Seattle, Wash., June 8.—The list of prospectors who have perished In their rush to the Yukon goldfields over the Edmonton trail is growing and if reports brought down by steamer Laurada from Southeastern Alaska are to be believed, it will be very large when the full story is told. Fifty are reported to have been drowned in Great Slave Lake, 20 have perished in the rapids of the Mud and Laird rivera, 10 were frozen to death, 25 have died from scurvy. The bodies of a score who have died of exposure have been found.
The Hudson Bay Company was preparing to send a relief party to Deaae Lake j with vegetables fur the scurvy stricken people. The Northwest Mounted Police | Wm. G. LeRoy, will also render assistance. Illustrative of the distress along the trail, Fred.
Richter, of New York, who committed suicide, is said to have stuck up a sign on a tree which read
“ Hell can't be worse than this trail.
I'll chance it.”
A Id field.............
Alleyn and Cawood......
Bristol................
Calumet Island..........
Chichester..............
Clarendon...............
Litchfield..............
Mansfield and Pontefract
Onslow..................
South Onslow............
Shawville...............
Thorne..................
$	09
8 1 60
57 23
8	1 65
58 95
1 72
18
287 15 161 09 5734 92 174 68
11 30
301 45 165 62 6232 31 177 30
4 63
497 39
Pontiac Pacific Junction By.
2 62
J
46
o
03
150 00
2 25
162 25
Official Time Table :
71
71
10
AM
5.45 Leave 6 0J “
Aylmer tBreeken ridge rEardley Parker’s Crossing t "Mohrs Quyon Wyman's ?Tank Bristol McKee's Shawville Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank VVInton Cou longe "Mellon’s Waltham
•Flag Station. tTank. t Flag Station
Arrive 9 45
9.21
87080 24
0 77
8522 90 86567 34
6.12
9.06
SI
6.18
6.56
(Certified correct.) (Signed)
M
6 26
8.50

6.37
8.40
}
W. Lothian, P. O’Meara,
6.47
Auditors
Secy.-Treasurer
• «
6.56
8.14
6.58
««
«•
7.04
7.26
«•
7.4
Cattle Astray.
Straved-
8.00
8 03
8.12
Strayed from the premises of the undersigned about the 20th of May last two
..	j	j j « i	______»._____ I yearling heifers and one yearling
Mayor Kennedy moves, seconded by |	One heifer is mu ley and Grind led
Mayor Joyce, that Mr. Arch. McLean, of j The Presbyterian General Assembly, other is homed and slightly brindled. Bull
the Township of Earrlley, be appointed as i following the Methodists’ lead, has an-1 horned and of red color. Any Informa-
one of the Revising Valuators in place of proved of a raising of the twentieth con- tion. !,fnthe^ animals will be thankfully
P. W. RESSEMAN,	Mr. H. McLean who declinestoacb and in tury million dollar fund for church m vixv<1 ,y DAvïb RUSSELL
general SUPERINTENDENT j case Mr. A. McLean should decline to act, 1 work.	J	' Clarendon Front
Strayed from the premises of Harper Lothian, Bristol, about the 18th of May. three yearlings,—two steers,—red and white, the other part jersey—heifer red, with a few white marks.
Any information that will lead to their whereabouts will lie thankfully received
JOHN H. LAIRD, Bristol, Que.
8.30
• I
8.47
6.30
bull
Leave 6.3V
8.55 Arrive
the
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer
by
