###PAGE###1###










SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY, SEPT. 5, 1901.
No. 11
19 th Year.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
LOCALS THAT PAY
BANK OF OTTAWA
)
I
Sixty pairs Oil Un MocchmIiin just in «II No. stock, at Stewart's—the Shaw ?Hie Boot and Shoe Store.
Good, Fresh Mme for sale at Robert Storey's. Clarendon Front.
The beat Granby Rubber, for man, woman or child—In any size or shape —at Stewart's.
Make usa short visit while in town the
AUTUMN.
Head Oflteei .. .. Capital entwritied Capital paid up ..
OTTAWA. CANADA
........|1,m,9
........
........1.1HW.465.

OF CANADA.
WI
DRESSMAKING.—Dressmaking room* over MeDowell & Hod gin*' ware-room*, opposite the Hank
Rr|t
Board of Dindon ;
Ohaelkh Magee, Ehq., President. Q bo rob Hay, i»q., Vice-President.
Bon. Quo. Dbtson, Jr.
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000. RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Head Office, • Montreal.
Maria A. Hoixmn*.
¦ U	ltth end 18th. 1 will do my utmost in trv
Studio, Pontiac House. Ing to entertain you on the nubjectso call-Our cabinet* compete with anv In the ed photography. H. Imiho.v,
Excursion to Manitoba and Return,Sepfc ïï^r,lf°ï, w?nt Ju**, for ft At the 3rd and 17th. go<xl for OU day*. Fare, | Shaw ville Boot and
I28.no. All information from J. n. Tierney Hy. & 8. 8. ticket agent, Arnprlor, Ont.
John Math**, Rmq.. Da vin Mac Lakes, Enq.,
Kkahïh, Iikj
Dbhmis Morphy, Ew%
clt
OEOROIBURN D. M. FINN1K
General Manager
The steady progress of our business in all departments is positive proof that our business methods are right and that our goods are always the best in the market.
Shoe Store.
» M If you want photo* taken of your chll-Idren I ad vine you to take them early In
Having an office fitted with the latest tion!1*5 1 CAn g'V } ‘ '< h H.TmiwSn! and most approved dental appliances, \	_ '
Dr. MacGregor is in a position to render	Stackhouse, urgeon Dentist, will
the most effective service to patienta. ** ^ Bryson the hrst week of each Room* over Budd'a Drug Store, Amprior. month ; C»mpl«ll * Bay the second ; Fort A call solicited.	Coulonge the third ; and Shaw ville the
¦¦¦¦	fourth week.
Branch#» î
IN ONTARIO:
Keewatin. Kempt vi lie, MaUawa, Ottawa,
v
8HAWYILLE BRANCH,
Money loaned on approved eeeurlty at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Aooour/s opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Ornes Hours .
Saturdays . .
Lanark,
Fairy Sound, Pembroke, Rat Portage, Winchester,
do Bank St. Renfrew do Rideau SL Toronto, Vankieek Hill, Smith'» Falla
IN MANITOBA :
Alexandria, Am prior, Avonmore,
B rar abridge,
Carle ton
do
'-+0000*'
Place,
Hawkeabury,
In view of the increasing popularity of Tailor-made Costumes we are giving special attention to this department, We are showing for Fall and Winter trade a splendid range of
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
AUCTION, SAT. EVENING, AUC. 7,
* Portage La Prairie.
IN QUEBEC :
, Hall,
Shawlnlgen Pâlie.
Agente lu Canada, New York and Chleigo-Bank of Montreal.
Agente In St. Pael—Merdanti Nat Bank; Agente lu London, Eng.—Parr'e Bank Ltd,
Bmlaimkmknts.—Think what you are buying, who you are buying from, what you are paying and what value you receive. Our work we guarantee or money refunded. We sell you complete framed porn ,	,	_ ,	,, traita. The best only. Samples always
Bargains in Paint* ! 0n hand._____H. Imison.
Palace Grocery, Shawvllle.
Laehute
Montreal
10 A.M.T0 8 P.M
Bargains in Clothing !
Bargains in Crockery 1
10 A M to 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager
Ladies’ Tailoring Fabrics
The Clarendon Roller Mill are in complete trim now. Only one grade of flour is made and that the best. A trial will prove this to yourself. * § Ï
PERSONAL
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Mr. William Wallace, of Ottawa, was in Shawville on Monday visiting friends.
Mm. John Scott, of God ich, Ont. end I Mr j y.Caldwell, Mr. S. Caldwell and "»*?r of the late Alonzo Wright. M P, Milw Gibson, of Ottawa, arrived on Satnr-died at her late residence on , he Aylmer K	night on , visit to relatives hero
Road on n ednesday last. She was one 1 J of the pioneer settlers of the Ottawa district.
Mr. Pierre Plouff.t haa opened a store I The scream of the threshing mill en in Mr. Ben. Young's shop, lately occu- gine may be heard now on all aides. 8haw pieil by W. T. Earl.	ville is certainly the core of a good farm
y	mmmwàÊtliM ‘n8 district.
Consisting of Broadcloths, Venetians, Friezes, Li.,, v. o..	™ | Homespuns, Serges and Tweed Effects
at Clarke’s Station visiting relatives this	in the latest Shades.
Stray Lamb. — A stray lamb has Won I
tVSi These (toed* are thelat- I Stylish dressers cannot
and remove the animal at once and pay week buying up cattle.	û6i j ÛW. j »
cost of tbU notice and other expen ea in-1 Mr. j. H. Shaw, Mrs. Shaw and fan-	631 aWnaaa3 01
ÿ returned from Eastman’s Springs on	F&SlliOIL
Our French Blouse Flannels
In Plain Stripe and Embroidered Effects
are correct and great sellers.
Our reader# should make a close peril
sal of the advertisements to bo found in I The annual harvest home in connect* this issue, especially those who are think- ion with St. Mathew's Church, North ing of making tlieir fall purchases now. [Clarendon, takes on Tuesday, 8ept. 10.
Æ .S5?»2±81EF "s —-
supplied by wind power from the Ottawa |	0
afford to overlook
Th*1	on Friday morning
Lower Litchfield children will enjoy the I last played havoc with the telegraph p<.les comforts of a new brick school house this between here and Portage du F ort, in the year the same having Wen erected vicinity of Brown's sawmill, smashing under contract by James McLean, of many of them to fragments. Several of
¦¦¦¦I the telephones in this town were also
__ .	_v . . ,,, put out of action, necessitating the pre-
TW Directors of Agr.(Society No. 1 held BOnce of Mr McCoshen here next day for
a meeting on Friday evening hist to r(1pairH. During the same storm we learn make arrangements for the exhibition Ufoe buildings of Stephen Moo rehead, which takes place on tho Lfch and 18th back of Campbell’s Bay, were destroyed, of this month. See advertisement m	¦ ¦ ¦ ¦	¦ ¦ mm
another column giving progam of the days proceedings.
The Academy opened here on Monday with the following staff of teachers in
them.
If some one will supply I members of the Murray La
ErSSvSSyiiasiSsri'er
Who will W the accommodating party#
the fox the ke and the
Mrs. Butter worth, Ottawa, accompa-
Rf) son
day
Mrs Love kin ami family, accompanied by Misses May and Hilda Snow, of Ottawa, are summering at Mrs. T. Richardson’s.
One hundred men commenced work last Wednesday on the P. P. J. extension between Aylmer and Hull at a point near Deache n es where the line was discontinued last year. The company expects 1 Mr. Wm. Clarke,, C. L. A. left on to complete the track and have trains Monday, for the Northwest to visit his running direct into Ottawa about the 1st son Torn, who is located about 10 miles of November.	| from Edmonton.
Those cups and medals offered for I p()C. Mulligan, who is now a resident the athletic competition should I* "" Lf Munotick, Wnt , spent Monday night incentive to the young men of the county in town \Vc are glad to learn that he is to show the kind of mettle they are com- irking up a successful practice in his posed of. The contest will be purely preRent Nation
non-professional—no one ever having	,
I I	Mr Steacy, lately of Perth, has accepted
a position with our local tonsorial artist,
Mr. John Smith. As Mr. S. is a musician,
both vocally and instrumental^, we are
pleased to note his arrival, and the
addition our band has thus acquired.
Radford Rifle Association
Have a looK through our Dress Goods Department. You will see New Goods and may pick up some useful information.
The inaugural shoot of The Radford charge of the respective department* Rifle Association was held at their new Academy—Priori; al—W. D. Armitage, rang6 on 20th ulfc., and was attended by Model—Miss MacGregor,	ft goodly number of enthuiastic shots.
• Sr. Elementary—Misa Moulton,	The “ball was opened" at 9 a. m., but
Jr. Elementary—Misa Buhner.	owing to business a large number found
The sermon preached on Sunday even- it impossible to attend until after dinner. i„g by Yen. Archdeacon Naylor wae the However, considering that everything aanie aa that delivered on the occasion »¦ "«w the officers and markers being
in C«. 1. Chap. I.». 7.	a. .bxti., -
The thunder storm of Thursday the what we will expect later on, and ev*n 16th. which killed six head of cattle be- %he “top notches think they will show longing to Mr George To well, we havesince | improvement before snow flies, learn Id inflicted similar loss on than Bronson, an Onslow farmer, who lost five ht ad of cattle. A neighbor's cow, that
received money for prizes in such cou tests lieing «legible to compete.
J. H. SHAW
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
Mr. A. L. Snow, of the Printing Bureau Ottawa spent a few holidays in this sec-
Mr. W. O. Le Roy, the efficient secretary of the County Council, who with
Ï5.5S2r*Sr -StiA» P. &-WUW Mantles in a few days.
Messrs. E. Desjardins of Ironsides and ed Montreal, River du Loup, Chelsea,
.	P. Desjardins of Montreal were visiting Depot Habor, Prescott, Ottawaandother
a g? their brother, Mr. O. Desjardins, leaving P°mtH, returned homo on Wednesday
X ^	^ for their home on Monday.	_______________
Mr. John Moorehead, of Campbell’s \ couple of weeks ago and Mr. and O W H Bay, was at the Otter Lake House Mon- Mrti. T. Wainman went on a visit to the
d«y on his way to Osborne Depot return- Utter’s brother Joseph, who resides at ing Wednesday, accompanied by Mr. Watertown, N. Y. While there Mrs.
Thomas Philbin, and went up again on j0Ss Wainman took ill and died, and the Friday accompanied by Dr. McKillop, of intelligence was communicated to Forrester’s Falls.	Shawville, whereupon Mr. C. H. Wain-
The Rev Mr. Lummis of Thorne West man And Mrs. John Lester, brother and and Rev. D-. Atwood were visiting friends sisterof the bereaved husband left for Wa-here on Tueaday.	tertown to be present at the obseques, r>
Mr and Mrs. James Burbidge, and turning home again with the first above two children are the guests of Mr. ar.d mentioned on Friday morning.
Mrs. R, Farrell. -
Mr. P. I. Marson, of Kazubazua, was Mr. John D. Macfaiiane son of Mr. the guest of Mr. P. M Farrell this week. John Macfarlaneand brother of Messrs.
Mr. P McCoryiick of Bay View Hotel, MacLrlane Bros., merchants, of Camp passed here Thursday, w.th men for bell’s Bay, is homo on a visit to his ve-Gillies’ Bros.	latives after an absence of over sixteen
Mr. W. Moore went to tho Bay Fiiday, years in Australia. When John left, here returning Saturday.	for the Antipodes, he wenttoengnge in the
employ of a large publishing house. He remained only for a short time, however, in the service of that concern, severing his connection	accept
Our little town is still here although position with the ex'ensivo mining firm we are having sickness and death all of Messrs E. D. Mills & Co., with whom s ound us.	he has been engaged for tho past 1.»
Miss Mildred Hodgins is very low at years, and now occupying the important present with heart failure. The doctors post of chief clerk in the establishment, give us no hope of her recovery.	On the eve of his departure for the land
Mis. Thomas Palmer is also very sick, of his birth, Mr. Micfarlano but with care is expected to recover, dered a grand send of by tho members We all hope for her sjieedy recovery. of the firm, its employees and citizens of Mrs. John Argue, who has also been the town of Charters Towers, where the on tho sick list, has gone to visit friends company’s place of business is located
We h pe The function is reported in detail in the she may have a well earned rest and Northern Miner of July 15th, and assum come lack to Yarm improved in health, ing that correct conclusions may he One of our old and much respected friends drawn from that account, our friend jiaased away from Yarm Thursday, Aug. John is certainly held in very high es-29th, aged 77 years. Charles Dagg was teem by the people with whom he has born in Tipperary, Ireland, April, 1824 associated in that far off portion of His He emigrated with his father and rest Majesty’s dominions. A tangible proof of family to Clarendon in 1847. He mar- of this is shown in tho seve ral présenta tied Ann Hodgins April 6th, 1868, who tions that were made him on that occa* now m urns the loss of a kind and loving sion, one being a return ticket for his husband There were nine children— tour from the members of the firm. Mr. five dead, and the four living are : Char Macfarlane came home by way of San les John, of Ladysmith ; William Janies, Francisco and Vancouver and will re Campbell’s Bay; and Davis and Mary turn by way of Europe Ann at home, who also have our sympathy in the loss of a flbod father. He	t . I I
was a charter member of Loyal Orange | Several burglaries haw taken place in
Lodge No. 730, Yarm, and his loss will lO.tawa lately
be keenly felt by h s brethren, who plac- Floods and storms destroyed one railed a wreath to the memory of their do- |ioQ dollars worth of property at Cleve-parted brother on hia coffin. A large land ohi0f on Sunday. |
The presence of Capt. Stewart was a nnmber followed his remains to St.	...... I
Lit want, as the chief officer can Paul’s Chuich cemetery, Shawville, Sat- - Thirty-one people were killed in a
unlay, Aug. 30th. We are gathering railway smash up JO miles from halispel, home one by one.	Sandy. Montana, on r riday.
lion
The following is the score
200 Yards
ad of cattle. A neignoore cow, wm th the ill-fated herd was also killed. Another farmer named Mathieu, who lives near Bristol Mines had a stack of hay burnt.
was
Name
Notice to the Public.-Ouf agents will call on you with a line of samples of G M Donalds n Oilett Portraits, something entirely new, J M Hodgins.. and will never fade, and without a doubt VV Richardson, the finest work ever produced in the R C Woodley, ivortrait line. We are placing the first Dr Alexander. mlarge ment* at avery low figure, in order N Brownlee... to introduce our “Odette,’ so do not JW Matheson. fail to give our agents a sample older. F A Parker...
All work guaranteed.	& ***%: ' ' "
The Canadian Art Co.,	Hios Robin..
Pembroke, Ont.	R L Whitman
J G Elliott..
Anniversary Festival St. Pauls.—The I Thomas Boyle following program has been arranged in a Horner connection with tho observance of the a R McGuire twenty fifth anniversary of Ven-Arch- VV J Fades deacon’s pastorate at St. Paul s :	IGF Hodg
Thursday, Sept. 5.—Holy Communion | J Howard service at 10 a
. 16 26 42 . 21 13 34 . 16 18 33 . 16 17 33 . 20 12 32 . 15 16 31 . 12 19 31 . 11 20 31 . 13 15 28 . 17 10 27 . 13 13 26 .	6 18 24
.14	9	23
. 10 13 23
7	16 23
. 10 .12 22 . 12 10 22 . 12 8 20 .11	9	20
8	12 20 . 10 10 20
8 11 19 7 11 18 11	7	18
7 10 17
7	10 17
8	7	15
4 11 15 6	9	14
2 11 13 8 0 8 2 6 8 2	2	4
2 0 2 2 0 2
School Opening
1901
see
Is calling forth our besVefforts to have everything in first class order. The regular Text Books will be fully represented, and we have a complete line of tho minor accessories such as
ins
_________________ Preacher— the Rev. J Mousseau
Camm L-nghurst. A Parish dinner on W MnrrajJ.
the grounds at the conclusion lm
and a parish social on Rectory H Homer.
grounds at night. __	,	,n	'
YARM NOTES
of the ser- R Me Ritchie
vice.
%
: F”
Rev. K. W. Kaneen.	'	li Imwon-
Sunday, Sept. 8.—Morning prayer and
Holy Communion at 10.30. Preacher-	,
Rev. Rural Dean Smith. Evensong at R Richardson
0. 30 Review by the Rector of tho J Armstrong.
¦ |  ¦ | -| a ¦	Thomas iî*a<tes
1	^	,	‘	.	. H Barnett...
Mrs. Anderson, one of the early set - % Howard...
tiers of Bristol, passe 1 away last week at j H<)Ward ...
the ripe old nge <*f TZIyears. Her funeral ^ Howard...,
took plaça on Wednesday. The late Mrs.
Anderson, whose maiden name
Janet McLellan, emigrated from Scotland ^ ^ looks like a candidate for Bis
with her father in 1842, and settled with j0y honors.
the family on the 5th line of Br stol In
1845 she married tho late David Amu r .	1 Kpn-t.	™
ilSliSlllls
srssnss bbshe;
James Racine. Wisconsin : she leaves boots also 45 grand-children and 8 great grand IBB
s,hsten7n mernH.' "hf Rbytemn always do much to facilitate the working Church.	of ,uch cvenU-
EXERCISE BOOKS, SCRIBBLING BOOKS, RUBBERS,
COMPASSES,
PENS, PENCILS, &c.,
and all at moderate prices.
J Richa dson H Howard..
was ten
History of the past 25 years
in Peter boro’ and elsewhere

was
Judging from tho jokes passed all en
Have you seen our Fountain Pens ?
THE DRUG STORE,
:.. Shawville, Que.
_____i

	
###PAGE###2###





""	ENTEBPRISIN0 BDRBLABS.
• No "	—	cleverly and accurately were all their
should "Then what did you mean when amA7IN0	I* MES FOK HOB-	laid and executed, that after
not Anyway, this last busi- you said your credit—your», a Jun-	, BANKS	many weeks’ hard work, cutting!
neas must have hit him hard, and tor's—was better at Waldo’s than	'_ j through 20 feet of heavy soil and 13
that I happen to know F\>r old hia-thnt in fact the cashier was	feet of solid masonry, they isaued at
Surtees came to me." went on M^g- und-r a cloud ?"	They Go to Great Trouble and the exact place they had fixed upon
gitt. growing quite confidential. “When did I say that ?"	Expense to Get at the Gold. In their calculations—the back of the
HFE IgE: mm§!|§iii
’sÆ:.srsJL w g»“iH:1”'”"r>t t“n1 "sear ““ld,"u™
lay the wfcole case from his own “ ** ... W >ou *° enxlous " bat d,d you moan by your remark flir|lleh lt |uxur|ouely. and live in It
point of view before the baronet knor .	.	..the supper-table, not nn hour
A- Mr Fnake claimed, the ground* . *n£?ou* ! 1 m ”°l *nal°ua . rw ¦ ago. that all the fat was In the
s; “ snr? .’eus • H EFrvE i:
himself, or my name's not Jesse 'ery °.ui!*h ,f, he has ,to **“	me if* all as
Kaske ; and I'm not alone m mv 7®Ty Ume. h,R s,,n loses • fcw »•««>-; You know opinion ; the firm think Uic same.	a/ p,ay
take my word for that "	1 hc wcnt on *
"Then that's what Mcggitt meant,* said Daunt, incautiously, aloud, as he recalled the assistant-cashier's brutal innuendo at Kexr
'ifcjuftiHHUlHH
tell how he doom It. except that he comes down on the old WÊÊÊÊ "A rich father, eh ?" M Well, I can’t say. but I
nttjffiSBBIH
t

I
HIS

The Untimely End of

ILL-GOTTEN
X
X
Joseph Devae.
WEALTH.
4

*:

V


SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING “Sow, see here. Sir Richard, listen CHAPTERS —Securities vanish from UH 1 tell you all about the affair the strong-room of Candelent, Dandy and Waldo, bankers. Mr. Faske of Scotland Yard is called in to solve the mystery. There are two keys to the strong-room—one held by Mr.
Waldo, partner, the other by Mr Surtees chief cashier This Utter has two children, phtnc He reproaches Bob. who is an extravagant subaltern with aspirations to the hand of Helena Waldo, for having consumed his sister's dowry to pay his gambling debts. Surtees is suspected of the theft.
« «
One of the most elaborate and daring plots ever conceived by bank-robbers was one arranged by a band of nine dissolute Australian miners. Th# object was to seize the bank in a small mining-camp not fur from Coolgurdie. at a time when the safes would contain a very large amount of gold awa'ting conveyance and escort. The camp consisted of some 400 miners and twenty police; it was in telegraphic communication with Coolgurdie. Tho odds were, consequently, heavily against tlm scheme being successful, but so carefully was every detail planned and every contingency anticipated that it probably would have succeeded had not one of the thieves betrayed tho whole plot to the police.
The day before the robbery was to bo made 80 per cent, of tho miners were drawn away from tho town bj cleverly circulated rumors that a big gold find had been made In a gully thirty miles distant. This was part and parcel of the plot, for the gully had been well prepared by the robbers before they circulated tho rumor which took about 350 men off their hands. Tho police were to be tackled carefully; the station was to be raided by four of the robbers while only two policemen were on the spot and the others were to bo taken in hand as they returned to the station. Immediately before the station was raided tho telegraph wire was to b« tapped so that, should Coolgardit have any suspicions that something wrong was in the wind, one of the robbers could satisfy that town by replying on behalf of the then imprisoned police. By this time a cabin just outside tho camp was to have boon fired to draw away some ol those persons who had not been misled by the gold rush, and then the bank was to bo "held-up," the gold seized, and carried away to a neighboring place, where those of tlnfr-biutd not already employed would have baggage horses waiting.
When the police heard all this they promptly swooped down on the would-be raiders' cabin; the men had murdered their betrayer and decamped, leaving behind thirty new pairs of hand-cults and large numbers of rude gags, together with the written plan for the whole scheme, from which tho police learnt that a tunnel between the cabin r.nd the station had been commenced and only ab.in-^ do nod because of the impossibility ofp completing it by the time it would be wanted; and a tunnel to the bank had also been begun and abandoned for a like reason. None of the men were ever caught.
simply for the purpose of getting at the gold in the strong room of the bank next door,
If the manager of a well-known hank in Mexico lied hinted that the owner of the newly erected residence adjoining his own had designs oil the bank's store he would have been howled down am an Imaginative juggins have been right.
Four enterprising rogues made up their minds they would one day raid the bank strong room, with no bungling and only the least possible risk. To that end they sought to rent a house attached to tho bank, but were unsuccessful. As an alternative they bought the plot of land on the other side of the bank, and upon It they built themselves a nice, compact little residence, and furnished it, paying their way in the most honest manner possible. There they lived attended by two servants, for four months, when their brilliant schemes were utterly spoiled by an inquisitive dog.
¦IIsn't there an obvious interprets tation to both these remarks ? To
clear us noon-day. more than we do. Now, Then, after a pause I what is it you know ? Will you toll ' So he came to you to us 0f your own accord, or must we
make vou
Ilob and Jose-
an
# 9
but none tho leas ho would
I
j I didn't say tha‘ ; he !d me:	“Make me !" cried Meireitt, sulk-
he'd have to part with capital, and i|v, and evidently driven into a cor-asked me to get rid of it for him. or to recommend him a broker who would dispose of bonds."

lier
(To Be Continued )
inquired Mr. Faske
Mr. Faske was a little at fault. ' % know him ; the assistant-coshicr That worthy police officer found What did he say, and when ? himself foiled in his endeavors to Rut Sir Richard would not ascertain anything to Mr. Surtevs* drawn out further, detriment or discredit Down Hum- "You’d better ask him. I'll mersmith way the Surtees enjoyed nothing more to say to this a (lair ; eye
the highest reputation.	I positively decline to believe any-	N'o. I did not say Portuguese
There was nothing suspicious—not thing evil of Mr. Surtees, it's	^ou never do say anything. Mr
a shadow of mvsterv about them ; monstrous. That man a thief ! Meggitt ”	In what direction should the bed
no lavish	expenditure, no pressing	Never ! You should see him	at "How do	you know my name ?M	be placed Is	there any advantage
debts, no	secret entanglements to	home in his own house ; so digni-	asked the	other with some effron-	in arranging it	in any one direction'
hint at a reason for the theft of * ted. so well-bred. And then h >	It would seem so. to judge by tho
the bonds. A couple of weeks had daughter-"	|	‘ Just as I know they were I’or- : observations of M. Charles Musset
thus «lipped by in profitless in- "Oh ! there's a young lady in the tuguese bonds, and why Mr Surtees on the notion of the rotation of the The dog belonged to the manager quiries. and Mr. Faske was still as	case ; a	Miss Surtees, eh ?" said the	wanted to sell them on the sly "	earth on trees and plants.	of the bunk, and invariably accom-
far as ever from fixing the crime	cunning	detective, gently. The bar- This is really most, extraordinary	An examination of hundreds of	panjOC| hf9 master whenever it was
onet, no doubt, was sweet on the Mr---"	,	H""* haf |od 10 the discovery that necessary to visit the bank-cellars.
Yet that Mr Surtees was guilty	Mr. Faske saw that	he could	’ Faske.	of Scotland Yard ; there s	the trunk is not exactly round, but	()n lhe ^entful night while	in the
Mr Faske had not the smallest	do no more good in the Albany He	my card.	I'll tell you why he want-	bulges towards the cast, the western	cellar the dog evinced much	uneasi-
doubt It was his method to come was in the enemy's camp, so to *'d to sell them : because he stole side being slightly flat. It is the ness, running about the place and to rapid. sometimes they proved ipeak :	be got up to go.	them from the bank in which you same with the branches. This mark- barking without any apparent cause,
hasty, conclusions He had done so Well. Sir Richard, you always are a clerk, young man. The matter e< tendency to an increased bulk to- taking particular interest in a dark in the case	of the robbery at Wal-	Was bard to persuade Wait	till	has been placed in my hands. so	wards the east	must be logically as-	corncr	of	tho	cellar	Upon Cxamin-
do's bank.	The culprit was clearly	,;ox* Central Criminal Court, or	the	you vi better	tell us all you know, or	cr| “d to fhe rotation of the earth.	jng	this	corner	the	manager	found
Mr. Surtees. How was this to be	one QRer* you'll admit then that I	we II charge you as an accessory be-	t is gene:ally known that	every	g^uo broken cement upon the floor
proved ? Only by facts ; by evidence	wtks not	far *r<>ng " !for* And aftcr thc fact- and ruu y°u	revolving body develops what	is call-	and became as suspicious as the dog
which would certainly be forthcom- it h that Mr Faske. poising his both in together."	ed centrifugal force. The earth do-1 Assistance was obtained and a thor-
ing if only he could lay hold of it.	bat,	as usul'1. lightly on	his head,	Meggitt’s manner changed instant-	, <)ps a tremendous amount of this	OUgh search of the cellar made, when
Sir Richard Daunt might be of	bis way. determined,	before he	|y "A	detective !" he gasi>ed.	rorC0, which tends to drive all bodies	^ was discox'ored that tho	gentry
some assistance to him. and to Sir 'TiLS much older, to see whether Mr "Then all the fat’s in the fire !" on ^ surface from west to east, and next door had for some weeks been Richard he came.	Meggitt could throw any light on Yes, and unless you make a aRhougn such bodies may be too work on the foundations of the
"Well. Faske," said Sir Richard, I be affair.	clean breast of it you'll be score'ed v‘avy to be moved, tho force exists bank, and had cut a narrow passage
pleasantly, pointing to an arm-	jin tho blaze How long haxe you norie tho less, and aflects them in through five feet of strong masonry,
chair, "1 have not seen you for an	---- known of the robbery ?"	some way.	, with tho object of getting into thc
age. Been away ?"	CHAPTER Vf	1	1 never knew of it for certain—I	1 s cxP'a,nf'<l that tho reason bank cellar.
"No, Sir Richard ; I haxe been	only suspected it. Ever since that ; *"y some waterfalls incline towards At the time the discovery was made
tied up too closely at home "	^îr* "aîdo bad laid strict injunc- day at the bank when Mr Dandy a Particular side is because thc cen- by thc dog the men must have been
lions on the detect ixe that no in- was there, and you—you—came " trifug&l force of the earth acts upon ^e passage waiting for the man-quiries tending to incriminate	Mr.	} "I came Î"	them. In	the same way the sap of	ager to leave the cellar to cut their
Surtees should be made at	the	"I think so ;	I	am not	quite	sure.	*j‘ecs **	gradually driven towards	way through the last few inches of
bank. Mr. i aske	had resented this	I haxe only	just recognized you	It's	* , east, causing the trees to	de-	wall. But hearing the comrno-
restriction, feeling	that it narrowed	a dreadful	affair." Meggitt seemed	velop more on that	side. There	is	tion in thc cellar they wisely dccamp-
his field of inx-estigation in thc	very	quite agitated.	"Poor	dear	Mr.	1,0 doul)t	whatever about the effect	C(j leaving & nicely furnished house
direction it promised to be	most	Surtees ! Such	a nice,	good	man.	of tt,e eart,l’s rotation on all bodies	untenanted So far. we beliexe, no
fruitful. But he had followed his in- Mr Faske."	1 ^bich are capable of being affected. onc bas turned up to claim the pro-
ductions. After satisfying himself Faske thought he detected just a Now what bas tills to do with the perty.
that the place had not been broken faint tinge of irony in the tone. position of our bedsteads ? A great; No less enterprising, but far more into, nor the strong-room tampon'd Look here. Mr. Meggitt, senti- dca*- Every individual who remains successful, were the thiex'es who some
with, he had not returned_to the	ment’s a fine thing, but	it don’t	in ,a fixed P°sition several hours	years ago robbed one of the Chinese
bank. So far. too. he had refrained	wash with me. You must	put your	fti‘îs undcr th@ influence of the cen-	| branches of the Bank of Western In-
from cross-questioning any of thj	fine feelings in your pocket	and s ick	tnfu6a! f^rce. which will tend to	dia of a matter of more than $250,-
employees.	to business,	or we shall fall	out.	drive lhe ,i(luid8 in	bis body from	000, which must have paid them well
Now he learnt	quite by accident	Do you mean to tell me what	you	Wf>st to caRt	for their trouble, especially as they
Mr Faske started, and nut down that oce of	this Meggitt, was know ?"	«	If* therefore, this Individual s bed were all natives, and a man Is pas-
his leg.	“	" behind the scenes ; that not only “I should be sorry, very sorrv, to is Qrranff,)d 80 that his head is to- sing' rich on $250 a year in that
"It's a bank business " he con- had hc hCtird of thc robbery, which injure Mr. Surtees ; indeed. I am Wflrdus the east there is a tendency part of the world fessed,	but	somewhat	reluctantly	WdS supposcd t0 ^ stl11 a profound	quite incapable of It."	on 1!1C parî of blood to flow to-	thing for the cleverness and patience
"a	big	robberx*_of bonds "	*	' ¦ccrct' but that hc had an opinion	• Stuff ! You must be with us or	War,,s the brain ; he sleeps uneasily,	of the heathen Chinee that these
"Anv clue ?"	°f his owri on lIie affair, and had against us. Which is it to be ? Look and is Iess fresh when he awakes. If rogues were successful with their ex-
m##-'###:}###:# E1IE:! E-SB1 |@F=
^3* si» ma P52
^	w, -1	z.-s
broker who ^uld ,™H then^fJ” him	wkh “nnl'and1'^ p,r , !l ! ^he many difflcultiai in the schemers .......
quietly. He seemed anxious no one P,lcn(i ramain« ns ,	+1 * Expert- way; nil of which difficulties, by the bergs were scattered around
should know he was parting with mon m^.	.	.. ldt ^ wo" bye. were so cleverly and quietly | weighed 821b., and the design-
h> these bonds "	! ^ual^ to most l	' ,an* arc I overcome that oven the wide-awake j ing OCCUpied a fortnight.
"Did it ever occur to you why ?	.	f V 1	1,1 '^xtenty bank officials had not the remotest i a very clever piece of work was the
Had you anv idea that they were	t'	idea that anything unusual was oc- cafcc made for a bridegroom who had
—stolen ?" "	------f------ curing in tho house opposite.	amassed a fortune in the South Afri-
"Mr. Faske !" cried Meggitt, in-	|	Perhaps tho most amazing scheme can diamond fields. At the summit
for robbing a bank w	devised	was a sugar grotto lined with gold,
by a party who broke into a Kimber- | and when all the guests had assem-ley bank some few years ago. This bled it became suddenly illuminated bank was unusually well protected j with several minute electric lamps, from robbers; in fact it was claimed ( The effect was enhanced by the rayi that the building would withstand a from a number of diamonds set ii long siege. Besides the massive ma- | the gold walls. The cost of this extra-sonry above ground, tho vaults had vagance was $10,000, though the been specially built to render impos- , gems were afterwards sold for the sible any attack that might be made j benefit of a local hospital.	/
upon them. Tho exterior wall of thc Perhaps tho most remarkable wed-vault, which was also the foundation j ding cake ever devised was made bj of tho bank premises, was built of ! a St. Petersburg firm for a Russian solid blocks of peculiarly hard stone, ! Princess. It weighed more than a 4 feet square, each weighing two 1 quarter of a ton, and was erected in , tons. Within this wall was another, twenty-two tiers—one for every year 2 feet G inches thick, and within that „f the bride’s life. Around each tier a 3 foot thick wall of dovetailed ma- j were engraved representations of in-sonry, which formed tho actual vault | cidents in the careers of both parties
in a safe in which all tho bank’s 1 anti little silver bells tinkled xvhen-
At the

o
' "Ronds. were they ? In what be \ stock—Portuguese, did you say ? remarked Faske. carelessly, looking! have I Meggitt out of the corner of his
• #
LYING IN BED.
• #


The
Position Our Bedsteads Should Occupy.
I
upon the cashier

"Nothing particular stirring, is there ?" asked the baronet. "I haxe not seen a case mentioned in the papers that seemed worthy of you "There is more happens than mentioned in the papers." said the detectix'e, nursing his leg. and beginning. as usual, to examine his shoestring intently.
lie sat there absorbed and occupied, and for so long that Sir Rickard at last cried :	' J ' I
• Whv. Faske ! mind 4 Out with it
# •

pro
what's on your 1 know you're
bursting with some mysterious
fair
ai-


FAMOUS WEDDING CAKES.
It says fiome-
Some of the Most Expensive Ever
Made.
• t
Although it boro no
way of insisting upon proofs,"
marked the baronet.
Mr. Faske looked
It was made in the Royal

Another pause, which the detective broke abruptly.
' Do you often go to Chiswick, Sir Richard ?"
Now and again. Why do you ask ?" Sir Richard began to be on the defensive.
"A charming place, retired, yet handy for the river."
"1 thought you must be fond of it. Faske ; I've seen you there frequently of late."
“You have ?" Mr. Faske sometimes forgot, in his keenness to watch others, that his own movements might be observed.
“Certainly ; in thc neighborhood of Chiswick Mail. Might I, without
indiscretion, inquire what takes you p|ied Mr ajeifg'tt
so often that way ?	| is rather mixed, you understand.
Can't help it. you see. in such affairs as these
“Who is that grey-haired old gentleman—1 mean the man with the grey-hair dyed black, who must
and tries to look
Modelled in the sugar
ê •



I suppose

go placed had to be carried away in | impossible to conceive. ... coming | pocket-fulls to avoid creating suspi-, was carved to illustrate un incident
It was estimated that nearly i in which the great sailor lmd parti--n#, thox, +	. j	months must have been occu-1 cipatcd, his ship, the Alert, being
anu t-ney sicer thc, pied in building the tunnel owing to j seen hemmed between two enormous
intn *h.	-------- -------Am A '•	-------- icebergs, while a number of smaller
The

11
I go there to—to fish," replied the detective, with some hesitation.
“Or sketch from nature, or pick flowers, or play the accordion. What nonsense it is," went on Sir Richard suddenly changing his tone, "all this seventy at least beating about the bush ! Out with twenty-five ? it, Faske ; I will help you if I can."
“You can, Sir Richard—that is, if you choose. Will you answer me one question ? Yes ? How long have you known Mr. Surtees ! There !
“Mr. Surtees ! What have you to do with Mr. Surtees ?
4 I
# #
• 9
Oh, that’s Lord Wingspur, a
great patron of the drama ; very ..	.	.	..	4 ..	..
jold friend of Mrs. tionastre’s, I have dl&nant at the imputation the heard."	mark conveyed.
"Don't look injured ; I'm not accusing you—at least, not for the present—of any guilty knowledge. Besides in no case need you criminate yourself. All I want to get at is what you thought were Mr. Surtees’ reasons for wishing to keep the whole affair dark
ê *
"Ah ? Do you know him ?
9 •
9 »
"Well, not exactly, but I do know the Captain. Mrs. Waldo's son, who will be Ix>rd \\ingspur by-und-by. We have had many a merry night together. Only a few weeks ago hc dined with me at my club—he and young Surtees."
Surtees

, i.V

• 9

j
Mr. Faske's eyes were again on his shoestring, and he did not immediately reply.
"Mr. Surtees is cashier in—a— bank." hc said slowly and raising his eyes to look keenly into Sir Richard's.
"Why, man alive, Faske, can you
mean
upon Sir Richard Daunt is impossible ; you must be wrong— utterly and entirely wrong."
s

i
•


# 9


“I had an idea certainly. I fancied hc did not wish the firm to know that hc eras realizing his capital. and for the purpose of meeting his son's gamblii.g-debts You mentioned this to your employers ?"
“No. Why should I ? Besides I felt bound to respect Mr. Surtees' expressed desire for secrecy ”
“And you did not connect
interrupted the detective. I seem to know the name What Surtees is that ?
You may know the man himself if you like —the tall,
in the army, in some foot regiment.
IgLook here. Sir Richard, I'll tell 11 will introduce you, if you like, you all in half-a-dozen words," said after supper. Do you ever play bac-Mr Faske, speaking now quite fast, carat ? If you do, he is your man
but very distinctly. "Waldo's is	“Is that his line? À gambler, I	L
the bank that’s robbed, and Mr.	eh ?" said Faske softly, trying, from	cashier s request with	the los*	of the
Surtees is the thief. But I can’t run	long habit, to push back his chair,, bonds from the strong-room
him in."	and examine his shoe-string	"1 tell you 1 had not heard of
"So you come to me. a friend of | This was on important piece of tlîC robbery, the family, to give you a helping news. The fact that the son played You guessed something had gone hand ? Thank you, Mr. Faske ; but high explained thc father’s need for wronff ; it is vour own admission you've made a slight mistake."	money at all costs.	Yes, but I knew nothing of the
"I thought as how you might	"I saw him lose seven hundred	details I knew noi s	cf t!i<* r articu-
Juiow something-----Don’t get savage	pounds at ecarte not three weeks	lar8 of the the: t until	1 hour a	them
Sir Richard ; you know you've often ago without turning a hair," went from y°u to-night helped us before ’	on Meggitt, seemingly proud of hisj "Didn't you ?"
This compliment to his power» a» | acquaintance with such a sportsman. Fit , soft1
He must be rich to risk such »J string. "And why.
Mr	•«» ?"
"Hasn’t a rap of his own. I can’t * "How could .X suspect him ?’’
4 4
l * *



# 9

" a light was breaking in
Oh. It
# #
%
9 9


He is sitting over there soldier like chap. He is
thing about all


• 4
¦sew


• i
IN THE COUNTRY
over tho cake was moved
| Tho men who dared to pit their I summit tho arms skill and patience against such ob- j wore set in diamonds and rubies, stades ns these must have been fully gems alone being valued at many fake to i h	is diffle ies of | thousand roubles.
I their i scheme or have succeeded;
that, knowing tho strength of the [ bank a defenses, they ever had the
to at tuck such a fortress, | any more ....	to especially hampered as they were by
EE Hÿ I	.,
H f, rn » L	factory is excavate a tunnel 20 feet long and The Czar of Russia, with nlnctj
treasures were stored.
the
of the two houses

"Mis' Smif
"What is it, Jimmie?
"Is that mean oi’ bee at stung me las’ summer here yit?"
• 9
• f
they never could and tho wonder Is
OH, RAPTURE.
She (pouting)—I d<in’t love you
A PAPER BICYCLE
A paper bicycle has now invaded the field. Paper fibre, similar
that sometimes
coui
He (radiantly)—How could yoi love mo any more when you ulrcadj through I love me nil you can?
99
remarked Mr. as he stared at his
did
a detective did n4t pacify Sir Richard haunt, who got up as though J sums ?"
• #
to show Mr.	tha





###PAGE###3###

WM

CEYL01V m IS milFERSÂLL! At’IlïOWI-EDOED TO BE THE BEST.
ingr nearly slaty year» ago, Rus-aiaii droskiefl, k French char-a-banc, an<l many other historic vehicles, which ? the King will treasure in memory of hlw mother.
FRAGRANT
TRIFLES WITH HISTORIES
LUDELLA CEYLON TEA
KNICK-KNACKS WHICH TELL OF HUMAN TRAGEDIES.
ey
in
o
KNEW SHE WOULD COME BACK
IS SELECTED FRO» THE PUREST BLENDS.
or
Disasters of Long Ago Brought to Mind by the Finding of
Felice.
A young man who looked am if he might be twenty-five years old sitting in the waiting room of the railway station. On Ids knee wan a
baby. Presently the baby
1*
18
was
it
If You Want BUTT!», ICOl.VoULTlV, âFFUS. ether rewm •**mme, te
Limite'f. Cor. Wool Market end Col borne St, Toronto.
mi

The Dawson Commission Co.
for the TEETH and BREATH
On January 16th, 1863, work was being pushed vigorously in the Hartley Colliery in Northumberland, England. Suddenly there was a grinding crash, and one of the immense twenty-ton iron beams of the ventilating shaft collapsed, and fell into the depths below
weight it smashed tho brattice and carried down tons upon tons of earth and rock, burying completely every soul below. Two hundred and two were burled alive, for tho pit had but one shaft.
A few weeks ngo tho scene of this awful disaster was at, last' pumped dry, and the first miners who had entered it for forty years descended. There at the bottom lay a tub of coals still full to the brim, as it had been loaded on that fatal day, and perfect In every particular, except that the water in which it had stood bo long had rusted its iron hoops.
Nature, or man, or both, soon wipe away, or cover up. the ugly remnants left by fires* floods or explosions; but now and then n little relic comes to light which brings powerfully to
10
year-o
gag t.. cry, and the awkwardness and helplessness of the young were so marked era I attention.
At flii' point a waiting -
a fat and amiable looking man. crossed tho room and sold to the distressed baby-tender
‘ A young woman gave you that baby to hold while she went to about her luggage, didn't she?
Yes.
1
1-1
28o
e
lew She SOZODONT LIQUID New Patent Box SOZODONT POWDER .
Large LIQUID and POWDER .	.
At the Stores or by Mail, postpaid, for the Price.
.IKS
gums. I cordially recommend Bozodont. I consider it tho luoas dentifrice for children's use. ” [Name of writer upon upplicatioo.J
/ HALL A RUCKEL Montreal.
man to .it11iict gen-
NOW, ABOUT THIS SEASON’S
Ok
NOTABLE CLIMB OF A BRIDE

V|

25o
m

in
Ascent of Mount Sir Donald, the Selkirks, by a Woman.
76o
W
HIM*
I
Far MOWERS, REAPERS,
y
EtO
of the Selkirks,
Tho Matterhorn
Mount Sir Donald, has at last been ascended by a woman, nays a letter from Glacier, D C. Only about a dozen men have succeeded in getting You expect her buck, I suppose? to the highest point of this pyra-()f course.	mid of stone with its needle point
Ha. ha I Excuse me, but I can't piercing the sky at an elevation of help laughing. A woman once played 10,700 feet, although many have the name trick on me. You're : come from all parts of the globe to caught, young man. She took you attempt its ascent. There are high-for a greenhorn.	1er mountains, but few on this con- If I stand on my head the bloo'J
Oh, she'll coiue back, answered the tinent so difficult of ascent, and yet	all	rushes	to	m.v	head,	doesn	t	it	/
young man, as he looked anxiously a small woman, a bride, not more j	No	one	ventured	to	contradict	lum.
around.	than 5 feet 2 inches high, and weigh- Now, he continued triumphantly,
lug only V6 pounds, has succeeded when I stand on my feet, why where strong and experienced mo un- doesn't the blood all rush into
feet ? Because, replied Hostetler McGinnis, your feet are not empty.
a
S” PEERLESS
With its huge
enio
r-

and
see
>f
It Favorite with Ontario Farmers-over 20 Years before the Publie See that you get It. Hardware. Drug •tores sell It Holds 17
QinEKSKSSHI
USE MIGA AXLE GREASE.
and Central Cold Modale.
a
n
M
It
KIM EDWARD’S STABLES
of the battle, with blazing ships and drowning men
IS CALM AND PEACEFUL
n
i
16
.1
*
ll
they are a small palace
IN THEMSELVES.
ns ever. A London jeweller possesses a little relic which brings vividly to mind tho horrors of the scene. It is a blackened lump of metal, which close examination shows to be composed of silver Spanish dollars. It was found on the body of a sailor on tho warship "Marin Theresa,"
and is an eloquent t nanny to tho	- .	,. .	. ,	. .
thoroughness with which the Amert- , of a King should be lo ge< can shells did their work.	icquinc palace and should lead lives
One of the most charming curios . of dignity and luxury or )
you touch n hidden «ruing, and place comparatively «pcukuig.^aK^goo^^(
it near your ear, plays a tiny, link- time of it ns	......."
ling tunc. it is only lately that cannot be doubted by anyone this ring has been made play again. I has seen the royn stables „t Duck-1'or years It was out of order, and ingham Palace and Windsor and aa when at last its works were cxnmln- seen the conditions under which they
live.

e
e
She will, eh ? Ha, ha, ha ! What makes you think so ?
Why, because she's my wife, and thin is our first baby.
Oh—urn—I see ! muttered the fat man. and he was in such haste to get back to the other side of the room that lie nearly fell over a plowing pug dog.
my
Some of the Most Valuable and Beautiful Horses in
Europe.
i-
taineers have failed.
Mr. and Mrs. Kerens of Kent,
England, arc on a bridal tour round the world. Mrs. Kerens learned the other evening that no woman
climbed to tho top of sir	Hi
Donald. She had never done any On an average, one in four cases mountain climbing except she had of typhoid in the British troops in ascended Mount Stephen, but only South Africa has proved fatal, to the fossil beds, which Is an easy
ascent. Neither had she suitable	^qq Reward, $100.
tl:sheindonn*d her hu.hand'a brecehe, '
cut as to come a little above the |bal	has been *blo to euro In all lie
knees, but, womanlike, stuck to her itaeen and 1 bat la Catarrh. Hall'* Catarrh
«'ink shirt waist. This shining mark f
enabled the interested spectators to ^|tutlon*l di.eaao, require* a comtittnicsal watch through the long telescope her treatment. Hall * Catarrh Cure te t*****,nt*':
ra aura E=srS.HiS h
Accompanied by her husband and giving tbe patient strength by building up the
two experienced Swiss guides Ma-	«»
tinned at Glacier, D C , the party |lt curative power*. that they offer| one Hun-left at 8.10 in the morning, and dred Dollars for any case that it falls to cure.
after spending a little more than on Wend for li#t	TOLEDO
hour on the extreme summit, re- Fold by drogglete. 75c. turned at 5.30 amid the cheers of Hall'» Family Pill* are the beet
y

t
*ioa rfl’8 unirai cures Gomel in cous
It is only fitting that the horses
o
an

J

+-
MINI) THE DETAILS
of some lorgottcn tragedy, ing for sea-bird’s eggs in the cliffs near the harbor of Mendoza. In South America, two boys from the British ship "Emerald thing shining In tho cleft far above the high-water mark.
They reached it and found it was a handsome gold bracelet, set with stones, still clasped around the wrist n woman's skelct nqHHHB were wedged tightly In a cleft of the rock, where no living creature could have passed. They brought the jewel down, and inquiry proved that tho relic dated from the awful earthquake of March, 1860, when a great tidal wave dashed over the land and swept seven thousand lives away in less than seventy seconds! The waves had caught the wearer of that bracelet from cither beach or boat, and left her there, forgotten, in a niche of the rocks till tho boys fount! her bones, nearly half a century later.
The annihilation of Ccrvern’s fleet by the Americans, off Santiago, is still fresh in the memory wrecks have been cleared away by ealvagemcn, or waves, and the scene
Z
Hunt-
WAY FREIGHT HOTEL
t
y
r
9 9
sa w Bome-
PROPRIETOR OF THE POPULAR MONTREAL HOSTELRY TALKS ABOUT DODD’S KIDNEY PILLS..
r
i
ed, they wbre found to be choked with a clot of blood.
The ring is a relic of a tragedy more than a century old nearly two hundred years ago in Genoa, this quaint bit of jewellery came into possession of nn ancestor of its present owner, who lived in France at the time of the Revolution. Detesting the wild work of tho mob,
f
The stables at Buckingham Palace, which lie barely screened from the beautiful gardens, arc a small palace in themselves, forming with the coach-houses stately rows of buildings. arranged in tho form of a large quadrangle, approached from Buckingham Palace Road by an imposing gateway.
The side of the quadrangle opposite to home of
heart and soul into the cause	of	the	black	horses familiar to the spccta-
King and Queen.	tor	of Royal State processions.
Like all tho others who did	so, he	Here,	in spotlessly clean, perfectly
paid the penalty. After long weeks l appointed stables, with stately colin a gloomy dungeon, he was led	out	umns	and vaulted roofs, are stabled
to die, with many others	of	tho	some	of the most valuable! and
world’s finest aristocracy. Just be- beautiful horses in Europe, fore his turn came, he held the ring to
heard it tinkle out its cheery little I uncommon "complexion," almost tunc. Then he laid his head upon coiorless eyes and pink noser, look-tho guillotine, and his life-blood j jng }||€0 equine Albinos, lose some-stained the block on which a few	Gf their stateliness and pic-
hours before a queen had died.	turesquencss. They are, however,
A curio, which at first sight has magnificent animals, perfect in nothing striking about it, lies upon form an(i brooding, and standing on tho sitting-room chimney-piece in a ftn avcrftge nearly Wolverhampton	owner, ^¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
Mr. Albert Matthews, an old sailor, is a living example of how near
have come to death with-
¦ p
f
i *
Used Them Some Years Ago for a Bad Case of Kidney Weakness. —Recommends Them Highly to All Those Who Are Worried by any Urinary Sediment.
Montreal, Aug, 26.—Dan W. Allan, proprietor of tho Way Freight Hotel here, made a- strong statement about the well-known remedy Dodd's Kidney Pills. Mr. Allan's hotel is at 463 St. James street and en joys considerable popularity with railroad men.
Some of the latter were discussing ailments peculiar to engineers, brakemcn, firemen, conductors, and train crews generally. It was acknowledged that the greatest dilli-culty a railway man lias to contend with is Kidney Trouble. Tho continual jarring of the train weakens the filters of the system and various forms of Kidney Trouble result*»
"Every man that works in an engine cub or on any part of a railroad train ought to use Dodd's Kidney Pills," said one man.
"Are Dodd’s Kidney Pills what they're cracked up to be, though ?" put in a second.
Yes, sir," returned the first emphatically, "Dodd’s Kidney Pills arc what they’re cracked up to be, and I'll leave it t<> Mr. Allan."
H Gentlemen, firmly believe Dodd’s Kidney Pills will do everything that is claimed for them. They are a genuine medicine. They cured me of Kidney Trouble, I know that. My urine was full of a kind of rod brick dust for years. I knew it was my neys, but could get nothing to stop
of Dodd's Kidney Pills did the work finally, and I’ve been all right ever since."
1
Tho bones
Made
i
lie
I
I
I

t
the entrance-gate is the the beautiful cream and
HE FLUNO HIMSELF
the spectators.
Mrs. Herons was apparently none the worse for the trip and appeared at dinner at usual. She was so modest concerning her achievement that she was with great difficulty induced to speak of it. She thinks there are at least 3,000 peaks and ns many glaciers visible from the top of Sir Donald. She had any number of narrow escapes. Once tho snow cornice upon which she was walking gave way and precipitated her, luckily, upon a huge bank of snow many feet below.
She climbed perpendicular walls saturated with the waters from the melting snows and fell into a crevice at one time, from which the guides, to whom she was roped, rescued
Of all money transactions in Great
transacted
i
I
Britain, 07 per cent arc by cheque ; only 3 per cent by notes
or gold.
I
Minards Liniment Cures Diphtheria
Seen apart from their rich trap-the cream horses, with their
o
drink 1,250 million
Tho teapot
Londoners
pints of tea in a year to hold this amount would comfortably contain St. Paul's, dome and
But the
all
o
A Bon Down System.
Minard’s Liniment Cures Colds, etc
England has 807,471 paupers, by the latest returns ; Scotland, 97,947 At another time she slipped upon nnd j^eland, 97,587. the ice and was held dangling over
a precipice, arid had the guides not	For 0vcr Flfty Ycers
held her would have fallen several w	goer»,so bv*cf h« wd v,
thousand feet to the rocks below. I Zillions of molh»m for their children while teething-
She mays she had simply dctcrmln- j
cd to go to the top, and she did ; Cst remedy for DUrrbflHL Twenty-A*« cents s bottle
but she docs not advise any other »oi ¦1	*
bride to spend her honeymoon that w	|
way nor any other woman to make the trip.
SIXTEEN HANDS HIGH
her
SHOWS THAT THE BLOOD AND NERVES NEED TONING UP.
The creams, like the blacks, arc of Continental extraction, although out dying.	for many years both have been bred
In 1874 he was mate of the pearl- at Hampton Court. They live long, ing schooner "Fly," when she was reaching an average age of over wrecked on one of the Solomon Is- twenty years ; and curiously enough lands. He and the others, seven in nearly art of them bear royal names, all, got ashore in safety, only to such as Emperor and Monarch, So-flnd themselves in the hands of the j vercign and King George, names pe-crucllest tribe of cannibals in the culiarly appropriate to their high world. They realized this when, af- rank and duties.
ter a week of imprisonment on	good	The blacks, which are	of Dutch
food, they were taken out to	form,	origin, arc still	larger	and finer,
themselves, the principal dish in a many of them being between seven-prolonged series of festivities. One teen and eighteen hands high, by one they were knocked down with	Thc paiace Hoad	side of	the quad-
a stone war-club 1	ranglo is devoted	to the enrriage-
Mutthcws was left to thc last, a - horses, about thirty in number, stunned spectator of thc horrible , nearly all magnificent bays averag-fate of his comrades. At last his
4 $
a man can
This Condition Causes More Genuine Suffering Than One Can Imagine—How a Well Known Exeter Lady Obtained a Cure
Had Begun to Regard Her Condition as Hopeless.
said Mr. Allan, "1
9 9
• «
After She
250 million bricks are used in a in the United Kingdom ;
From the Advocate, Exeter, Ont
"A run down system! UIÊÊÊÊÊM world of misery those few words imply. and yet there are thousands throughout this country who are suffering from this condition. 1 heir blood ia poor and watery; they suffer nlmpst continuously from headache#;' are unable to obtain restful sleep and tM least exertion greatly fatigues tin ill What is needed to put the system right is a tonic, and experience has proved Dr. Williams' Pink Pills to bo thc only never-failing tonic and health restorer.
Henry Parsons, a respected
Ont., is one of who have tested and
month
that is. each inhabitant use» ninety
Each American averages
Kid-
What u
# 9
IIE WOULDN’T DO
in a year 150.
it. Two boxas
I would like, she said, walking up to the counter, to sec thc manager of this department.
The clerk, seeing that she was beautiful, smiled at her in his blandest way, felt that ho ought to avail himself of any opportunity there might be to explain things to her, and sweetly replied.
I don't sec him anywhere about
Won’t 1 do ?
Minard’s Liniment Cures Distemper
o
FORCE OF HABIT
ing about seventeen hands, and all turn came. He was bound against CqUaj fourteen miles in the hour the sacrificial post, and a big chief jn double harness. Five hundred was	(guineas a pair may be set down ns
ACTUALLY RAISING IIIS CLUB ^e average value of these splendid
when, with a shriek and n roar, a animals, shell swept in from thc sea, and | The utmost enre is taken in train-burst among thc savages.	I ing these horses, which are wnrrant-
A German warship had seen the ed to maintain their equanimity
any disturb ng conditions,
dis-
The revolver-carbine of the Swiss Army, invented by Major Kercklin, fires 48 shots in 24 seconds, and will kill at 2,000 yards.
People Who Can’t Sleep for the
Quiet.
Country people, when visiting London, rarely sleep well for the noise Most people know this, but has it ever occurred to you that Londoner# frequently suffer in the same way while staying in thc country owing to tho excessive quiet?	}
They miss the dull roar of tho streets by day, and by night thc rat-. tic of cabs, and thc hundred-and-one noises familiar to those who live in the crowded thoroughfares of the me-111 ’ l1 < > 1 i s.
A Londoner, who had chambers in Huh ! exclaimed Mr. Rox, Piccadilly, was ordered to a small reading his morning mail, country place for rest and change of boy's college education f air. In a very short time he wi\s the him too blamed smart, victim of the most terrible insomnia What’s the matter ? asked and fits of nerves into the bargain.
The local doctor whom he consulted was a clever fellow
now
She looked him up and down a few times, permitted an expression that he didn’t quite understand to overspread her features, and then replied :
No, I don’t think you will. I’m his wife, and-----
But the clerk had gone to hunt for


When you write to an advertiser ten him that you saw his advertisement In this paper. It Is to your Interest to do so, as Our Folks are treated honestly and served with the best
Mrs
resident of Exetei
the many proved tho value of Dr. Williams gg	For many months ?h<
was a great sufferer from commonly termed "a run down system.’’ To a reporter of the Advocate she gave the following story in the hope that other sufferers might benefit from her experience:— For many months my health was in a
constitution being I was troubled
"Fly" fast on the rocks, and come undei
up just in time. Mr. Matthews’s re- from a German band to the lie is the fork which, but for that charge of an 81-ton gun lucky shell, would have been used | In thc coach-houses him as it had already done , side of
W P C 1091
Pink Pills
what is
on thc east the quadrangle are to be
and
upon
duty upon his comrades frightful fork is of a very hard, blu- j magnificent carriages in Europe, in-ish-red wood, and of a pattern only eluding the gorgeous State-coach used at ccnnibnl feasts.	which, after forty years of disuse,
A tragedy so complete that not one was seen at thc opening of Parlia-single survivor remains to tell the ment some months ago by King Ed-tnlc is, fortunately, rare. One such, j ward VII.
which Britons will always be proud j It is interesting to note that this of. was the fight of those gallant} "glass coach” is eight yards long, forty under Major Wilson against an 12 feet in height, and weighs no less army of a thousand savages. Ring- than
ed by death, they went to their end singing "God Save thc Queen."
Mr. Rhodes, possesses among his
CALVERTS
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
him
This seen some of tho most costly
SMART BOY
after our is making
4 4
bad state, my greatly run down with continual headaches, my appetite was poor and thc least exertion greatly fatigued me. I consulted a physician but his treatment did not appear to benefit me and I gradually
that I could hardly
For all skin ailments,
L 0. Calvert A Co.. Manohester, England
Mrs,

Rox.
I wrote to him thc other day that He recommend- j thought it would be kinder for me cd him to move from his apartments ; not to remit the	check he asked for.
The carving on it	cost over $7,500, | t0 a hotel, at thc back of which	was ' Now he writes	:	"Hear Father : I
...	,	...	thc gilding nearly	$5,000. and	the	n ya,d frequented at night by	car-1 shall never forget	your unremitting
treasures a unique memorial	of	this	coach-maker’s hill	was $8,365.	ters watering their horses on	the j kindness,
disaster. It consists of n pair or | Bui th,g truly regal, if not very wnV to a neighboring market town, earrings, taken from the ears of the comfortablc, coach is only one lie slept thc first night to thc raus-Cliief Makoni leader, under Eo Ben- among many State carriages of jc Qf heavy wheels lumbering over gula, of thc great Matnbele revolt, moro KUbdued splendour. The semi-j the cobbles, and the shouts of By a remarkable coincidence, this re-	coach which was built by a
lie is one which surviveth a second Lopd M ' r of Dublin is a beautiful disaster. It is one of the very (eW-vehicle in all the glory of hike,
which were saved from the burning 'vermilion, and gold, surmounted by of Mr. Rhodes's beautiful house,	¦ ¦j*
Groot Schuur
Brass Band
FOUR TONS
became worse, so attend to my household duties then tried several advertised remedies but without result, and I began to regard my condition as hopeless. A neighbor called to see me one day and urged mo to try Hr. Williams Pink Pills. Having tried so many medicines without receiving benefit. I was not easily persuaded, but finally I consented to give thc pills a trial. To my surprise and great joy noticed an improvement in my condition before I had finished the first box and by thc time I had taken four boxes of the pills I was fully restored to health. I no longer suffer from those severe headaches, my &P" petito is good, I can go about my household duties without thc least trouble; in fact I feel like a new woman. All this I owe to that b^t of ail medicines, Dr. Williams 1 ink Pills, and I would strongly urge other sulTercrs to give them a trial.
Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills are recognized thc world over as the best blood and nerve tonic, and it is this power of acting directly on the blood and nerves which enables these pi s to cure such diseases ns locomotor ataxia, paralysis, St. Vitus darite. sciatica, neuralgia, rheumatism, nervous headache, the after oliects o la grippe, palpitation of the heart, that tired feeling resulting from ncr-prostrution; all diseases resul -vitiated humors in the
I
Instrumenta, Drums, Unlfdrms. Ete,
EVERY TOWN CAM HAVE A BAND
Lowest prices ever quoted. Flee catalogue 500illnutratIons, mailed free. Write ui for any thing in JHiule or Munirai Instrument*.
I was cured of acute Bronchitis by MINARD’S LINIMENT.
the
WHÜLET ROYOB & CO., Limited,
men
It is n strange fact, too, that those who have lived by the seashore for length of time find it difficult to
They misa
J. M. CAMPBELL
Toronto, Ont, and Winnipeg, Man
Bay of Islands.
I was cured of Facial Neuralgia by MIN ARB’S LINIMENT.
ENGINEER#'
SUPPLIES.
Asbestos Goods,
ripe Covering, Lubricating Olle, Creases, etc.
WM. SUTTON COMPOUND 00.,
Limited,
TORONTO.
any
obtain their usual rest the music of thc shore, which in time becomes part and parcel of their slumbers.
Such is the force of habit.
one large centre crown and smaller ones, one at each corner of tho roof. The
four
WM. DANIELS
not
Springhill, N. S.
I was cured of Chronic Rheumatism by MINA HD’S LINIMENT.
GEORGE TINGLEY.
hammer-cloth is a
go rgoouo
Probably you have seen a crowd of scarlet, and gold, embossed with the oo 000 people; you have looked royal arras, about vou at this sea of heads and | For State purposes there are also thought that such n number of hu- a dozen other coaches of lake and m in beings represents the population vermilion decoration, with similar of many a small town. It will sur- regal hammer-cloths and crowned
you therefore to hear that i.
reported as missing j Perhaps the most interesting of
Arc they these royal carriages is the complain landau which the invariably used in London, to which she remained loyal Tho during the last quarter of a century

wninenM*
1
MISSING LONDONERS




Albert Co., N. B
A LUCKY OPPORTUNITY
"Bruce sold his dog.”
"What did he get ?
"The man offered him fifty cents
for the collar and Bruce threw in the dog."
Dominion Lino Steamsnlpr
or eeeoramodatloi
9 9
Potatoes were first cultivated on what is now the border of Peru and Chili in the Andes Mountains.
prise
000 persons are in iAindon every year found again? Only about one-fifth— ! parntively less than 4,000—of these missing | Queen ¦¦¦¦i ever accounted for, by and
“IfciïîïîA.»
persons are
suicides and in other ways others ' disappear from friends for of her life Pver Many of them are "wanted” The Windsor i.v the police, which explains why equally interesting, with then mag-thev do not reappear. Numbers of ! nificent greys and their army of them leave London, going abroad or | carriages of all degrees of stateli into the provinces, but the police ness and simplicity. Here may be ,tftt0 that the majority merely go seen Queen Victoria's favorite g«r-frnm one part of the metropolis to den chair, low, four-wheeled, and another.and live there under nssum- canopied, which used to be drann v(\ names; their identity is changed by Black Sam, thc Queen s favorite ami they are "missing -within a Lxmoor pony few miles of those who seek them. Here, too,
pliât 11
the Prince Consort, religiously preserved in his memory ; the odd-looking basket-carriage in which the infant Piinco of Wales took his air-
crljtfj	Cldbtx/Zftnrttixf'44
Mandat* 4jH4 & Æ/____________
Aacfitt. StJuoO-f rnvuii
D. Torrance à Oa.
Montreal and Portland
stables are almost
FRENCH CLEANING.
For made op Goods, Salts la Cloh, Velvet, SUM or Fare end all valuable house Hanging*, nothing
EEITISM AMCIlOAM DYEING Of., Montreal.
"SSSL"-
VOUS
fcat.
ing from 1. blood, such as scrofula, chronic ci>-eipclan, etc. Dr. Williams Fms Fills are sold bv all dealers In modi-
bo had by mail, post
paid, at 50 cents a box, or six boxes for 12.50, by addressing the r.
Medicine Co., Brockvillc,
o
CO
high
are thc large thc favorite carriage of
'
VvOOUlâ'PHOtO I NLBAVINL
J l JONLSLlNt C?
fci*.Il) V0MAI0LVW^lfiKONIf
duration of human
cine or can
The average	I ¦ ¦
life increase I «ftiring thc past hundred hears 3 years for men and 8|
for worn»»!.
i
WilUnnH'
years
Ont
/
(


r
j

###PAGE###4###




The Men behind the Guns
MASSEY-HARRIS
Public Notice.
SMART & SMITH
THE EQUITY.
m
WARE ROOMS
SHAWVILLE
Public Notice is hereby given that the Board of School Commissioners of the Municipality of Clarendon will receive tenders for Sweeping, Scrubbing ami Lighting Fires in the Hi Schools in the Municipality up to one of the clock, p. in. of Wednesday the It h day of August, W01.
By order, 11. MATllKSON, Aug. ai, MOI.	Sec. Tl cas.
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 5, 1901.
At Ladysmith could not have held the town till relief came if their ammunition had run out. The sportsman who wants to bag ducks, partridge or the “ antlered monarch " should lay in his supply of car-ridges now.
(p/fVc)
4\cv
v
It it rumored that Hon. William Mu-lock is to retire from public l'fe on account of declining health.
Threshing Mill en :
Mm. Carrie Nation, the Kanaaa “bottle smasher," is talking about coming to Ottawa to clean out the “hell holes" in the capital. If she doe# Carrie will run up against the biggest kind of an obstacle in the form of Canadian law that she has yet encountered.
CAUTION.
I hereby forbid all parties giving any
will not become
I
credit in my name ns responsible to the payment of debts so contracted
We are now prepared to supply you with
Rifle Cartridges in all calibres from .22 to .56,
Snider Ball and Shot Shells,
Loaded Shot Shells, 12 and 16 gauge,
F.F. Black Powder,
JOSEPH CORBETT
Bristol, August lî*, 1W1
It was stated last week, oa what was considered good authority, that Mr. 11 C. St. Pierre, R. C , would in a week or two be raised to the Superior C .urt Bench succeeding the late Judge Charland, St. Johns. It is also stated that the choice of a successor to the late Judge Rouleau, of the Supreme Court of the Northwest Territoiies, will fall upon Mr. Madore, M. P for H,chelaga. It is likewise understood that Mr. Thus Fottin, M. P. for Laval, ha* been promised the vacancy that takes place in the Superior Court Bench.
Public Notice.
Mill Teeth, (»u kinds) Belting Cylinder and Machine Oils.
Public Notice is hereby given that the Valuation Roll of the Municipality of Shaw ville has been revised by the Valuators according to law ; that it has been deposited in my office where it w ill remain open to inspection and examination by partie* interested, and that on Monday Vtli day of September it shall bo homo Inga tod at a ' ocular meeting of the Coun til w 1th or v> it bout amendment.
G ven at Shawvlile thi* 23rd day of August, nineteen hundred and one.
J. H. il OB NEK,
Rifle Powder,
9
Shot, Primers, Etc.

t la
WINCHESTER AND SAVAGE RIFLES. MACFARLANE BROS.
See.-Tiens
The infusion of new blood into the Pontine and Gatineau Railways which is the first result of the re-organization and amalgamation of those roads with the Hull Electric and Interprovincial Bridge at Ottawa, is expected to manifest itself shortly in the. form of renewed activity in respect of their completion and ojoration. The gentlemen who have recently acquired an interest in the enterprise are known to lie men of good business
to «.r, out the work immedudvly dees- ^mpbell. of M.nitob.. nmved here to sary to bring the roads up to the stand- "" hl* 7‘^k ^n, England where
st-Ærr.??	fcsaSTüMS s\ï
nection with Ottawa-and this is promised ?ro the. 1 nVt C°we'\ 11 ”, **P«“.ed
in a few weeks —wo should reasonably he T"7	^	»‘»»M be .»«»•
look for a move to push the line from u,"ed' Judgment will be g.vcu m Oc-
Shawvillv on to Pembroke proposed,
as well as the completion of the line
westerly through the county, to the end
that the long-suffering inhabitants of that
The ft rtut c of the Dowager llmpress includi nothing from the la e Queen Victor a, the l) -wag>r Empress having renounced all claims on her mother’s •date.
Best materials and correct prices.
WHY BUY a low grade Flour simply because it's 25 to 50 cents a barrel cheaper than our
Manitoba Liquor Act
SMART & SMITH.
“Gold Medal” Brand,
which we guarantee will produce 36 to 37 8-lb. pans of beautiful flaky, white bread ? If you are using a poor flour compare results and you will pay the difference in price every time.
Used by local and city Bakers_
French Gives the Boers No Rest.
Pretoria, Aug. 28.—General French section may obtain that measure of jus-1 has columns h tracing every commando tice which has so long and so unreason ably been withheld.
in the Cape Colony, with the exception of a few email bands in the Kenhaidt district. A force of the Briish will shortly bo sent after these also. Bcaborn is driving Sceepers ommando north of Willowmere and other commados are le-
Special Prices in 5-barrel lots
The Hon. J. 1. Tarte, Minister of Pub lie Works, accompanied by Messrs. Me Cool and Murray, M. P's., and Kngi ,.
neer Brophy and Fraser, made the trip i !n8 f^ccd north. 1 hey «uttered hcivily from Mattawa to Ottawa last week in a 1 ll‘ crossing bttween the blockhouses on large bark canoe, and the voyage is said , B tsnital and Stormborg railway, to have had some incidents associated ^*vere‘ columns are operating agi.nst
with ifc bordering on the realms of advert* K-oatmandant Kritzinger in the Wepcntr	¦	¦ ¦ ¦	esn a ¦ ¦	¦ a
ture at some points along the route where, ^dkouxvil e districts.	^ ^	1 I	9	I I I
rapids were encountered the passage Nearly every known body of Boers in	|| tijj ï fill B 111	Là»s	1^ I I "r I 1^
down was even perilous, vet t lie business j . f Ttar.avsal ind Orange River Colony ¦ || I à WU If I g I	Sj 1 | I I I I I I |3S||
man of the government stuck to the frail j18 ^)U ’2 active.y hunted.	V*' • i W W III I'\J	&¦#% III I % I E 1
craft which carried him through without
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
Hurrah For . .
"S3
BOk.lt PRAISES IRlsll PRA1VE
mishap Mr. Tarte undertook this trip | Pretoria, Aug. 28 -The Boer com-to satisfy himself as to the feasibility of I mandant Wolmarar.s, writing about the the Ottawa and Georgian Bay Canal, and tight at Bzonkhois. Spruit, mentioi a the it rvjH.rts are true, any doubts that may bravery of Private Doolan of the Const»-have existed in Ins mmd on that imint, bulary. Fifteen Boers surrounded him
l.av^e been pretty thoroughly dispelled by | and demanded .hat he surrender. Doc thv| personal knowledge which he has j Ian replied: “Divd a surr.nder," and thus acquired. The Minister of Public killed four Boers before he was wounded
B£55t«ifcrr5S2;h............_ All Exhibits in Classes 17, 18,19, 20, 21, 22, 23
*—»•**•	-<• %	» <“*> » require to be in the Hall not later
hi«less zealous colleagues in the cabinet,	—	than noon first day when judging in those classes will
und thus increases his weight and inflti-,	L njon, A ag 30-The	D.ily	Ms il	Commence at 1.30, D. m.
ence in dealing with a question which | publishes today an article written by Ali	11/if -*-» « —	n
HH i SâSiS ^	McRAE	&	McGuire
.lown the Ottawa last week does not re- is put of a regular system of extermina- 9-30 SECOlld day. Judging to Commence at 1 D. 111. shal l) *
suit in our great waterway scheme being lion. He mays : —	0  ________ r
» deZiv^n^	killFd wil1 Entrles wiu be reeeived by tde 8ecretary at Eims,d8 up m sept mh-
SSSVSïüiï * sours
-----—------	*''' be repeated year by year until all are
After the Vacant Ssnatorship. kidod.
Remember, the date has been changed to Tuesday and Wednesday, Sept. 17 & 18,
FAEMERS, Before you commence your Fall plow^ ing come and take a look over our stock of Plows. Sulkey Plows guaranteed to be the best on the market. We also handle Tinkler's Patent Plow.

?
Sauk Ste. Marie. Ont., Aug 24.—The Bruce Mines Mining company has shut t* Please don’t all wait till the last day. j down its mine at that place and about 150
workmen aro thrown out of employment. The cause of the shut down ii not known here.

NEW
GOODS
The following is a list of Special Prizes received since the Prize hist printed
s were
NcKti^WeiHngvn'^waite^onSNr Wdfrid	^ —	**	$5.00.—From George J. Bryson, Ottawa, for best
Laurier here today b urge the claims of San FreheLco, Aug IS The Mr* lai- matched team of Drivers, 15 hands and under, 0Wiled and “Jim1' McMullen, ex M.P., for the ra- ft phase of the gold brick swindle h»« dlirtm bv a farmer cant aenatorship. Local membeis of been developed hi Alaska and the Klor.-	*
parliament however think the ho.ior should j dike, according to the Chronicle, which	Bag Of Rolled Oats from Dowd Millin'* C
«":kZ7jœüssïï n:\2Czftm tl,e best 4-i>ouni1 nomc ,„«<!, nr,a,i. °
If. S.Jonea.	I disposed of as the product of various
claims. Many persons are said to have been victimized
agents are now in Dawson investigating the matter.
THE MARKETS.
NEW
GOODS
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) UU to (JOc.
Oats per bushel, 82 to 84c. Ollipd 11} Pease per bushel, (to to 82c.
Buckwheat, 40c. per bush. Eggs, per dozen, 10c.
Butter, per pound, 11 tu 15c. Woo!, fwr pound, 14 to l&h Pelts, each, 75c.
Hides, 81.00 to
Calfskins, 35 to 10 cenî# è'*Ch,
OTTAWA
NOW OPENING OUT —AT-—
Program of Attractions.
Government Orders Lanterns
Two secret service
% Up-to-Date Store
STARKE’S
CORNERS.
Ottawa, Aug. 28.—The Public Works Department have ordered twenty thousand Chinese lanterns from Pans, France, for use in various parts of Canada at the time of the Royal visit next month. These lanterns were ordered some time ago, and are expected shortly.
Commencing at 1 o’clock Ô& Tuesday, the follow-
ing program of Sports and Amazements will be carried
Double Drowning.
North Bay, Aug. 29.—Word reached here today that Robert Aihn, of Pittsburg, Pa., companion of Cooke Bausman, of the stme place and Jos. Restoule, Indian guide, were drowned ytsterday in Five-mile rapids, French body of the Indian has been reovered,
Halifax, N S , Aug —Five ships of the but Allan's still remain in the rapids. Co-British North Atlantic Meet, the Créent, r mer McMurchy ham issued instructions Proserpine, Psyche, Paiias and Quail, for both bodies to be brought here as will sail Saturdiy for Quebe to make pre- aoon as recovered paraiims for the reception of the Duke
and Duchess of York.	M	„ .
.iï'ÎS-ï'ÏVS ÆtSiSSSrriïSa	County Athletic Contest.
ïïi'hëAndfiroiih!’i"tovie£,.““10 •¦p1»™'" •' ...; r.u100 Vard Dash Silver Cup Silver Medal
St"n«i See. & ‘ï°hn Runnir,g Long Leap Silver Cup Silver Medal et.y. The one pledge, it. renown, the Putting 16-lb. Shot	Silver Cup	Silver Medal
other renounces its pledges. An accepted n	... , .	n..	_ ^
check wiii be acceptable.	Running High Jump	Silver Cup	Silver Medal
SHE HAD RENOVNVEi) all CLAIMS to sharr I Sir Wilfred Laurier tried to cheer the One Mile RaC6	Silver Cup	Silver Medal Rmn/P Mpfhl
is QUEEN VKTOKIA s estate.	Toronto people at the opening of the ex- tv	,	,	m“aa,e
MmmàeæsBssm mm
Prince s Margaret cf He.se (wife of mcreaied by over 18 per cent, in popu- Prizes will also I* Riven for a Bicycle Race (100yard.) the slowest rider In win !	tT(iu»lifl('««"topromp*'
æSœGfàtJi ï 4T3 staîïsfiîïï:	Concert Tuesday Evening I gBESSsEEti
™ÿ3*T". %J3S3 SftfSCïïffztomlMtoVAims2$Cmli; Mira 10Ceils. I ,S*4marion
library.	do on foreign trade.-Montre. 1 Gaz.fe, E. GRAHAM, Sec.Treas.	JOHN YOUNG, President |o«l«.: /	BwjtaM'
' WaalmxaW DX.
out
Trotting and Running Races.
Three-Minute Trot or Pace .. Purse $25. Running Race
Farmers’ Race
Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
pails. 17 to 20c. per lb. I.Kir*, fresh, ltk\ per ooz.
New Potatoes, $1.00 per bag Lamb, 8 to Ilk. per lb.
Mut ton, 7 to8c. per lb.
Beef, * to 0e. per lb.
Pork. $8.on to $9.00 per 100.
< lii< kens, l7> to 50c. a pair.
0;lts»to 10u. per bushel H iy, $5.1*1 to $8.0() per ton.
B ool, 13 to I lc, per lb.
Come and have a look at our several lines of Spring Goods now open for inspection.
Seven Warships
Purse $10. Purse $10.
The
river
# #
# e
• #
• •
The committee reserve the right to determine what horses ..	.. are eligible to compete in this race. ..
Free For All
Purse $10.

Silas Young.
---ooo
Bronze Medal. Bronze Medal, Bronze Medal, Bronze Medal,

I
Empress Fredrick Left $2,
300,000.
i
FRESH and CURED
promptly secured
MEATS
of all kinds at
THE SHAWVILLE
tyeat Market
J. S. KcGUIBE,
ProDrletor.




###PAGE###5###
THE EQTtilTY,
Court Shawville»
No. me.
Important to Ladies visiting Shawville Exhibition.
Weekly Journal devoted to Looal Interests.
PUBMlffED EV8RY THURSDAY
AT HHAWVILLE. Co. PONTIAC, qVE. SUBSCRIPTION-91.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No piper stopped until ill arrearages are paid, unless by special arrangement wlit& tbe publisher.
I.tiZ3
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
m
1 Meets the 4th Wed nee* I day of every month.
> I Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. ft Barnett.F.8
County Pontiac s Largest Ware-Rooms.
T I.B.(
Early Specialties in
Fall Jackets and Capes,The celebrated
Unequalled for Correct Styles,
First-class workmanship and Sterling value
A. SMILEY, Prop-
T. A. Cowan,T18
io
John Bkckktt, C. U.,
ADVERTISING RATES î
Legal advertising. eight cents per line for flrst Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at $4.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate offlvo cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-11shed free of charge. Obituary poetry (h rents per Hot.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR, JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
McLaughlin Carriages
The npot for—
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, o*
A Clean Shave.
Now in Stock.
ms
• •
E9 Your Turn next.
ret
ss
ALL STYLES ALL PRICES
¦ ¦
CEO. HYNES,
JOB PRINTING
All our Fall Garments—imported direct from Berlin, Germany-ars now open for inspection.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
ts
JOHN A. COWAN
These Carriages stand unrivalled for Finish, Workmanship or quality of Material used.
At the Paris Imposition last year the McLaughlin Carriages were awarded the Silver Medal—the highest lioner attainable in their class, and the whole exhibit was sold in Paris, proving that for real merit these goods are on top.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
8HAWVILLE, - - QUE.
Publisher
Business Cards.
You will find it to your advantage to see these
Goods early.
Ask to see the New Box-Back 3-Quarter Length Coats. They are Beauties
The style of every garment is after + the latest dictates of Fashion. +
MEDICAL.
F.M.A/McNaughtoq, B
r.RADTTATE OP MutilLL ÜnIVERMITY,*
Olllce—Residence of the late Dr. II. H Kd»x, Shawville.
Oftice hour» Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoon».
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
• •
A. SMILEY.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D„ C. M
I also ke# p a complete stock of Fune ral Furnishing», ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity Uuivcwlty, Toronto; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Mod. College, Toronto. Orncx amd Rbmidknc'b : J. 11 A Mirr homo's Iiousa, MAIN MTltKKT - • SHAWVILLE.
Just receivedjA car-l'"*'1
—--mm —
-o6v,|# i he best.
—w or Chatham
Dress Fabric?*
*
A Daweon Miner’s Report
v 0ui' reputation for High-class Dress Goods is too	D il	,	.
The Best Assortment
exceptionally well prepared td meet tuC de‘ I	and TL I	, a. ,
O—mands of the trade during the approaching season.	| 116 LclPfi^BSl utOCK
o
LEGAL.
Seattle, With., Aug. 27.—Edward Mortimer, a miner 08 years of age, is the center of a etory emanating fro*»
Dawson where ho is said to have been kidnapped and loweiod ibfci a deep shift on Thiatle Creek, 17 miles from Dawson.
tiis .laplcn demau^d fd.OO) sg the pmrg of release, hut < n being told that he had no money, left him to perish. After 12 hours ttfurt the old man succeeded in climbing to the surface if the shaft and after wandering eight m I s, found a canto winch brought him to Dawson where i he sought policy protection.
MBBEAU RAINVILLE, [. L, L,
ADVOCATE ., BRYSON,
A A
O—are
WILL VISIT ShAWVILLI EVERY MoS?kY
WM. GAMBLE,
The Season’s Novelties in
BARRISTER, Ao.v
Room 20, Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Out.
At Sliawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
ft(Mce-over O. F. Hodflna* Store, Main St.
of Goods may be seen at
J. F. G-RONAIT’S
Chatelaine Bags, Handkcrchiefu, Fancy Combs,
Belts, Buckles, Ladies’ Neckwear, Pocket-books, &c,
Straight From Ottawa to Toronto.
LADYSMITH,
j	who keeps all the staple lines of
9 ! Dry Goods, Clothing, Boots & Shoes, Groceries,
Hardware, Crockery, Paints, Oils, 4c.
If you warat the Best Goods at the Lowest Prices make your purchases at J. P. Groaau’s.
o
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
G.F.HODGINS
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC ,
Ottawa it soon to have direct Cana dian Pacific connection with Toronto 4* Snarks Street, Ottawa.	The company h*s p’ans for a branch lit e
1’hone No. 1824.	from CUiiulun PiaCô toSharbotLake, aid I p q PoînAnolo	TT u n
\ttends courts of Ottawa and Pontine when it ii conflicted there wi 1 uo longer * •	XVaillVOduS auQ UII10r©ll8,St
DiMtrlcU.	I be any hcceetiiy fur Ot;awa paaeageri -	'
bound for Toronto to go out to Smith's Falls and mike connectioa with the Ontario and Quebec branch cf the big way. When the new branch is completed tho Canadian Pacific Railway between Ottawa and Toronto will be like a straight
OF THE PROVINCE OF QUBliEt
Trust Building—
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L,
1901
1901
rai -
ADVOCATE. Acm
\ MAIN STREET ) HULL, • • QUE
OR
LAW CHAMBERS
At Shnwvilh* 3rd Thursday each month. line.
At request attends Courts in District of The Canadien Pacific had a b 11 put
Pontiac. Prompt collections and inline- through parliament ’an action author-dials remittances. Special attention to correspondents.
OREMOST
URNITURE.
All kinds of Farm Produce taken in exchange.
I zing the building of the branch, and it is „ I learned that men are now at wvtk on the lûülé, and that tlw bunch will soon be in the course of cons ruction, at d that it will be rushed to completion. The distance from Ottawa to Toronto will be reduced about 30 miles and there will also be a saving in time.
Tho purchase of tin Kingston and Pembroke railway is connected with tbit scheme, Sharbot Like is on the Kingston a:.d Pembroke, and now the Canadian Pacific will have entire contiol of the railways in Sharbot Like.
Express and
Buggy Wheels
ALL SIZES. RIGHT PRICES.
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test and you’ll prove it.
W. W. IRELAND,
¦
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satis factor! ly.

-»
4
US
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
Si
e e
e #
# #
e #
AN
1
S A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
We have algo a flrst-olaas assortment of
y OTAR Y PUBLI*. NOTARY FOR THE UELIANCE LOAN AND 8AVTNUS CO.,UF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERM»,
QUE.
TERMS REASONABLE
Charges moderate.
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
PERSONAL ATTENTION.
Evangelist Kidd Arrested,
BRYSON,
Will he In Shawvllle on Tuesday and Sat urday of every week,
SHAWVILLE. I
J. GRAHAM
| Toronto, August 27.—Robert A, Kidd, ! a» itinérant evangel;:?, ?'*ht was airested on an old warrant which'charges ,’;:m with horse stealing in Peith County, LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the Couûtÿ ! Kidd has been running a gospel tent on Pontiac. Sales conducted In a business-like I Spadina avenue and it was there that the
o ? any kl nd u kv n '» nd” dï* pOMdolfby *p a blîé I Active got him. or private sale on reasonable terms. Public males conducted at Shawvllle once a month. A variety of articles always on hand for sale; Office : Shawvllle, Que,
McDOUCALL and CUZNER,
HARDWARE MERCHANTS,
Sussex St., OTTAWA,
J. J. TURNER,
Other Steamboat Horror
Tyier has a wife but no children. He was undoubtedly menially unbalanced. He
rmladelpbia, Au*. -JÇ^Ven Kr.Own j hai boan acting strangely for several dead, nine missing and 32 injured, tithe , mont hi, his friends attributing hiaconduct A IATFP report	record made by the explosion of the to a recent family bereavement. He
_	.	. Jr * , . * *	.	boiIera of the eteamboit C.tjr of Trenton ! resigned his pastorate recently because of
loronto, Aug 2V.—Elijah E. alias Wat- on the Deleware river yesterday afternoon j a sermon ho preached in which he declared ter A. Kidd, left here last night for Perth All nightlong city hiemen, policemen that he was an agnostic, in charge of High Constable Sharpe cf and employes of the Wilmington Steara-Lanark county, to stand tiial on a charge boat Company which owned the vessel, of horse stealing. A few days ago Robert worked in and around the burned and A. Kidd, an evangelist, was arrested at blackened hull searching for bodies of
First-class Livsry Attached.	the same station house, he having been of the dead assistant engineer, John P. v 1	1
arrested on suspicion of having stolen a Chew, the man had a presentiment of coil of garden hose. The meeting of the death. Mrs. Chew says that before rothers wai a mutual surprise. The leaving heme for work on Tuesday night name being the same, the police her husband said : were set thinking, and it sudden- “ L zzie, I may never hear from you ly dawned on them that they had the again. I have a presentiment that there horse thief in the second mao. Robert I will be an explosion tn tha boat If Kidd was thereupon re'cised and the there is there will be no escape for me. charge upon which he was held placed They are running at too high a steam against his brother.	pressure, and if an accident should occur
I and many otheis will be killed.
PONTIAC |Here it is I
WOOLLEN

HOTELS.
106 Years Old
St. Lawrence Hall,
The Place
2ft£
Q
•9
Mrs Cr M. McLean,
Proprietress.
MILLS
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Have commenced operations for the season and will be found thoroughly equipped to do a satisfac-
M tory trade with the farmers | ERVEtrOUffhlfifif a of the surrounding country.	*	«
Hoofing and
careful and prompt atten-|	RGDtlirinP
tion, and the public may i	'	1°
rely on getting the best sat-1 Neatly done at lowest
prices.
ANDREW fjODCINSJ DALE BROS.,
Prizes To Ottawa Dogs
i
Word was received in Ottawa c»ty on Thursday morning from Buffalo to the effect that at the dog show at the Pun-American exhibition. Major, the bull terrier, be’onging to Mr. Andy Arm strong, of New Edinburgh, had won three firsts and wai first in the winners’
class, all comers ; Daisy, F. Montomery s | OllStOm WOfk WÜ1 receive Manchester ten it r won a first and a second, and Barney, another Manchester terrier, belonging to Mr. Montgomery, won a second and a thiicl.— Citizen.
11
practical
WATCHMAKER
•at
k JEWELLER
%	KEEPS
KA A SKI E(T STOCK or M WATCHES,
CLOCK»,
jjSj JEWELLERY.
ml	silverware
¦f	Ac. âc.

Mob Burned His Buildings
t

l
m
Pastor Takes Prussic Acid
Denver, Colo., Aug. 29.—News has	----
reached here that a mob has burned the Hamilton, Ont., August 28.— A Po-remaining buildings belonging to William lice Court summon! was issued yesterday BP I I L Radcliffe at Grand Mesa lakes. It was I against Rev. A. H. Tyrer, formerly p*a- Hanging of George O Bnen
the burning of the hotel at this place tor of the First Unity Church, charg rg	----
___	recently by a mob that caused Mr. Rad him with unpropur conduct in a public
QUA WHI F 0 I clitfe to call on Governor Orman for park and on the streets. Ha failed to Oil A W r llilJÜj | troops to protect his property and also show up when his name was called in
caused the report that Radcliffe had	the Police Court yesterday	morning and
appealed to the British Government for	sent a letter to the police	in which he	Toronto, Aug.	30.—A	special	from
its protection, claiming to be a subject of	told them they would find his body in	Dawson, Yukon, territory,	dated August
Great Britain. The trouble, it is said,	Woodland Park The police thereupon	23, via Seattle, Aug. 29,	says George
began when one of Mr. Radcliffe'a guards went to the park, and lying in the long O'Brien the murderer of Ciayton Olson Oananooue	Ont	Au*	28 —At	3 ». m.	killed a ranchman|in a controversy over	grass among the trees they found the	and Relfe, was hanged at	seven thirty	,	,,	.	,
this morning an	east-bound	train collided	the rights to fish In the lakes. Since !	preacher in an unconnous state. He had	this morning; he leclaredjhia innocence to	Lctllie*	Applf, stating salary, te
at the Thousand Island junction on the then all the buildings on Raid ffa's place, I taken prutaio acid with suicidal intention, the last and cursed the prosecutors, judge	Hi SEAMAN,
Grand Trunk	Two of the trainmen were including the fish hatchery, have been ;	He is now in the city hospital, unconaious	and the jury as he	mounted the	scaffold.	Otter Lake,	Que.
instantly killed.	destroyed by mobs.	j	and it is unlikely that he	will recover.	Death was instantaneous


ft, 't'À
isfaction.

RsrAIRIKO-
A toCIAUTT


DECLARED HE WAS INNOCENT AND CURSED PR03ECUTR0R8, JUDGE AND JURY.


ShawviUe.
WANTED
Two Were Killed
P. S.—Highest price paid
Qualified teacher lady for section No. 1,1 for Calfskins and Pelts.
Advertise in The Equity,
Otter Lake, July 18, 1901

	
###PAGE###6###
**•	,fr



astir*». ng


* x








damera tells seorets, lmt-mse keepers.
(live you your revenge any tlrno ilremu. ""d	^7»,, mv ONE MAN SAVED FROM A | SERVICE THAT HAS FEW SS-
IW
lh“ “ pïii! £• SI 2AS a-“3 ÜX.ST& 1 % ! ïïiæM. V«. %-,	SW 2ST «S»
»*« «i* — “• s„ ,v25	ss	|	mzz	%. ^-ÆrKtfï» s* —' °’ll" *‘~ ‘
il» iiSSii® WMmWÊmm
-=== ür«s %####
ter of recruits, cannot be definitely A mol;th later I wne riding lowing day, in consequence	,	1he wrong—sorting out the le- village. Doth men were known to I merly oniv two keepers were cm— « - s£ “• - "" —; tevsr*. ssrsL' :¦ üss,	:	a-.-*-* ¦*" ^ ari’assffL'S fi	sire
group of angry, excited men drag- was returning with [r$en<ls t® J ?	T]]^u u «addon brilliance caught of the smithy. Ho had been poisoned | J[V lncrea8ed. one of the two men
The practical objection to a large gillg a p0Or wretch with them bound land He professed his rcgi'	it	wns	the breast-pin, and with carbolic acid. McKenna» was » So fierco ran the seas that
' TI «sSfi EHSrr;	ffiSsSaK2 EKFKE-HE
rein ; "pretty serious 1 guess, by cessitated his leaving me n	Mechanically	I	picked up my hand cr was known to have purchased, ns weather continued, and for a
the present establishment of 155.- the looks of things ? *	time.	short— —it consisted of thence, eight, seven a toothache remedy, the phial found th the surviving keeper lived
s*^e
" ' ‘*1b***I*1 '
Sixty-six suspected packages con- milk, no tained §20.000 worth of jewelry, and allowed were, of course, all confiscated.	I
Liverpool to find myself a loser by til £3,000 !
ragsiBiSBaiaEJBrsEEiEJBreisrenyERiE

iroTSS AND COMMENTS

TICINO FEATURES.
Put an End to
' given in
Mr
fighting the waves for the London Daily

given
are of such stupen-
Sir
private
man
addition to the pay
that it would swell matt ven
diers
tcrially the cost of the annv
on
ieh
rc-
etrongt*1 the army eidcrably increased.
six
of the common
of
quftte army, if the from the necessary
1 infirment, such shrinking would not only discreditable to a great nation, but foolish :	ior so over-
whelming is the profit to be derived from an adequate army through the resultant security of social order and freedom of international disturbance
that it would be worth much more than the price. Besides, there would be some compensation- ''ere the pay so increased as to attract an abundance of physically qualified
for duty on the ground that they ed it for his acceptance, immature and untrained.
St
...	at appointed wild beast he sprang^*
..V playing cords, his feet and rushed from the rooms, minute who should I while with trembling hands I picked
stakes—n«y own.< hsrd-jvon placed them in my
4
are
a terrible suspense.
black
the
cured
t •
near
times >n succession
not enough she
and for three	_
brought forth triplets. 1 hen there was a. retrogression, the woman
EWeF
true—truo to your memory, even if A good ostrich yields $2,000 worth 1 never see your face again of feathers	Her people had forbidden any cor-
% ï*Üo<S!«Poî^i‘S’ïiïj! MlVrm	'
debt. Hut the naval wars of the Twenty thousand pounds was the «.x
srrü; js.T.i.'ars rzz'ss..	««
is estimated that a naval action no- or inclination, but on the liner coin twoen thirty modern battleships in# home the play was rather high.
*... “srarjSÆ
England, âwonco and Russia hand at nap or poker most even
r^ r % 2% » -
totting up my losses
• •
#
voice, in a very
had done it. 1 think. Someone had | my last gamble
itioned U	1 bc“ ”’e
sum for
are
identical
be
A CITY OF PADLOCKS
000 each, with an extra	,11r
Bresci. the decoy. It meant that J Australia’s commerce is 5150 per was beggared ! That my five years’ inhabitant a year; that of India hard work had melted away in a| çn.50 only. _
few hours, and Ida was farther rom .	professor, who thought him sys-
me than over..	lem was running down, asked his
out and the play went on^ V '* '* jd „ doctor, after listening to a
¦ Irkutsk, Siberia, is & city of pad-
mzksgmmmm
*”5ST'J?l.1îiSf" «K j2Æm BSïï'tûS. “
last year 3.449 marriages. I pounds a
on

ft va
n hour
OOO
bet
were

on
on reaching
me
>i1
Kntfh












###PAGE###7###


!"

59
1




s
BIST MIGHT KniB BRITAIN
Plum* as Preserved In Kent, Eng-	twenty-six different places, and after
land.—Put twelve pounds of purple ÿ	«J* wards recovered, is, perhaps, one of
plums Into a narrow-mouthed stone y /\\y T|«n « 4 nilf V tho most amazing, . ' In the first at- I Items of Interest Gathered From jar and over them pour seven f 111\|	I [4L r & K M A	tuck on Pieter’s Hill Lieutenant
pounds of sugar. Shake the jar s X Vil	111L* 1 f	Evans fell shot through the	right
the sugar will sift down between the Ç	£ shoulder by a Mauser bullet. For
'2	JtJSJnJfhil! ********************** 'Z‘Z 'Ü '£. Z % TC Z
several hours. Lift Into Jars when FERTILIZERS AND FERTILITY without any assistance, and it was I every 100,000 persons in London, cooked, and seal.	_	. , - I during this exposure that ho received At nil seasons of the year 5 a. m
iüüi ElISîiiElEEkpr:;:: MSM
lor person ol the strongest dlgcs- cut them Into small pieces. Add U.o he makes sufficient profits from ha ,„etely recovered, rejoined I,Is regi- cnten in London durln* the 8caron you. And supposing that this black-Wve powers.	1 he green vegetables syrup and allow them to simmer crops to	lay aside something^ Uut	mont (or duty in .South Africa.	A lump of sugar saturated In vine-	ness wore to last for a fortnight	or
tof summer are	refreshing and	nu- slowly for four hours. When the even lhl8	18 a poor policy. An ef-	gnr	is	edlcadous	In most cases	of	so, how would suen an event	nfleet
trltlous to a certain degree, but do eyrup ls thick and rich and the fruit !or1t,,8hould b” mad°to m‘intl1" ”	- hiccough	us '/ asks Pearson’s Weekly.
fhot weather that they should be FOUR - FOOTED FORTUNES. ’ the elements needful to make planta ] H » not a good policy to allow arch in person.	be useless
generally commended as not only	- thrive. They vary in different foods. t h<	i,r.nl,,J °.f trc®8 to decay, or | yn France a woman may appear in '	'	would the teictrr,.nh
good but wholesome. They arc es- Fabulous Winnings of Some Noted and thoir proportions are sometimes	ot blighted parts of trees re-, masculine attire if she pay a license	Parliament mic-ht	6 Jit
ESÉHPrS glHHHEE
ÎZ5l5:'SHS8^-d-'"Thl,%ng^j3^	- from the Mediterranean
of nutrition, l e creuni therefore is ahno*t exaCt,y thc 8a,ne amount ifl jurlng the land. Thon, when needed,	g	about three feet across and ten feet mantlo of darkness would show no
an ideal dessert A nrooerlv made crc(1ited to Isinglass. the famous dress the land with artificial fertil- The protection of London from fire in circumference.	j signs of lifting.
Ipie with an ideally light crust wi*mor of tho 18u3 Derby.	izors to add nitrogen, potash or *« «¦ subject which must necessarily An occan steamer of the first class, Think of tho paralysis to trade,
rolicri thin, is a good summer des- , Ec,ipse wn? bought, as a yearling phosphoric acid, as the case may be of interest, not^only to the teem- . at full 8pCed. cannot be Franco or Britain’s other enemies sert but it is a mi-take to imagine for •cventy-live guineas, and earned nced/ some crops absorb more of ing millions which dwell within its brought to a standstill in less than would follow up the success obtained that hod fruit is nutritious It is ovor £2r>'000 ,n «takes as a return one 0f those elements than others, growing confines, but to the whole three minuteg.	by the seizure of Ireland, and would
mmm im mm #rnm= #1^! mm
àSsSSSS a SL-HrSsb	SSsï ï-Hr^X
, ina with milk and Jcas' are excel- 0CK) in ft sin«Ie year Last year St. to tlie ground, though the amounts described as "serious," or less than milk.	the incidents that would be enacted
lmt* hi 1 mmor deport* when « he Simon's progeny captured stakes of ar0 not large.	five fires in every fortnight.	It	is stated that there are 80,000 —incidents that, written down hero
itirMdrrnn.hu in.vè hern dried free the valuo of £54,000. and five other	The brigade includes a staff of 063, barmaids in England, whose hours noW in cold blood, seem amusing
from moisture sifted and four Piri,« 1 famous sires arc credited with over	- including officers and men, of whom average fourteen daily for a wage of enough, but which, if we were
AND MANAGEMENT
it is no more economical thon a I £40,703 in twenty-nine wins; and	COLTS.	their number, or 375 at night. The grcat race from Burgos, in Spain, to A man living in a row of suburban
*$sgiee«8B gas—
s«ü mmm mu—
ees NBunBcssa ee
HlHi
in keeping Uiom white and smooth. | enormously increased '-alias of	tlme to break colts to	peciaily those who have to biu.ik m A boat carrying six persons has
horses.	...	#	halter is when about a month old.	hard-mouthed horses.	been towed on the Moselle by a Ma-
'sOMBOOODRCr,™,.	JU, p	^	^	%
Feaches in Their Skins.—Choose £40,000 or 1>0,00J stak«	g the colt Is three years old he should	' a WONDERFUL BRIDGE.	rent, and the traction could have
bssi	rz::,
the bottom, and have a lid like an railway, forbidding them to gi j	_ ! 100 feet of its length is in slKht. for offenders of high rank, it being
î inverted china cup. Fill as full a asleep lying on the rails. One would	, both Olds being embedded in the considered a privilege to pass out
you can without squeezing, and till hardly imagine that the teradiation j SHOT TWENTY-SIX TIMES. sandstone of the canyon.	0( life with a whole bedv. Wi en
IS	EPS
************
BITS OF INFORMATION
m
HOME.
m
SOME OF THE TERRORS OF A FORTNIGHT'S FOG.
All Over the World.
I
Each Londoner on an average receives two letters a week.
What Would Ha Were Visited :
ippen If England By a London
There are seventy-flvo doctor! to

Fog
SUMMER DESSERTS
+*

THE FRENCH FLEET
to Ireland perhaps another power. Atr
would be sent
with
tacks would be made on our colonies. Tho terrors of the situation at The longest recorded hair growing home would make any attempt at
intervention impossible.
More terrible than anything would the uncertainty of	durar
The largest sponge ever found came j tion. Day would succeed day, and
It was still the choking, blinding, horrible
-o
The
on a female head was 8 feet longest beard ever worn by a man was 12 feet.
LONDON'S FIRE BRIGADE
Pro
the
actors in them, would have but Ut-
ile enters the wrong house, and is at once treated as a burglar, and severely handled. He reaches home, to find that his house has been burgled, and
A pfcw 110Ml': CURF.S
own
that the burglar was mistaken for him. A wi man goes out to meet her husband on the first day of tho log. She loses her way, and never sees
her home again. -	____
There are a dozen big fires every London. When there is a
i

de-
fact that n cloud of vapor is a more important factor in the world s advancement or retrogression than
let loose.
9 9
even "the dogs of war.
And when the fog did lift, what a
the blessed daylight
terrible scene would shine upon !
The streets of London filled .with
the bodies of men and women who had ventured out and died of starvation ; carcases of horses lying the roadways ; shops an l
even
rifle,
__________________ and with
becomes lame or his gait derstand this
about	_
houses rilled by roughs ; no traffic in
the streets, only the gaunt figures of
and children, their faces
men, women ¦	¦ ¦ J
stamped with the horror they have
homeless, hope-
starving,
suffered.
less. I_________
Of course it
here to do more than indicate horrors that a fog might be capable
has been impossible
the
of
is one that surely

The question calls for an intelligent consideration.
STRANGULATION IN CHINA
DRYING LINEN BY BALLOONS
Balloons are used for drying linen in Paris laundries. Bamboo frame# attached f to a captive balloom,
are attached to balloon makes six as-
aboat
arc
and the clothes them. The cents daily to a height of
100 feet.




###PAGE###8###






1

E. H0DCIM8 & SONjS_ADVT.
Threshing
Time $ i *
r

!
!
ouR
LEADERS.
For the next three weeks we will sell at cost and under the remainder of our Summer Footwear comprising—
English Worsted Suits, all colors
Imported Serge Suits, black and blue - - - -
20th Century Umbrellas at - -
$15.00
PATENT BLATHER BOOTS TAN BOOTS,

SLIPPERS
I
SHOES.
Every Fanner’s wife is anxious and worried in preparing for “ the threshing.
Everything must Go
$12.50
to make room for a larger and better stock of
Fall and Winter Goods than ever.
Let us help you out :
Rice,
Tapioca,
Sago.
$1.00
Look out for Bargains !
. SHAWVILLE.
Raisins,
Currants,
Prunes.
4. H. M|cCUIRE.
OPPOSITE
- . PONTIAC HOUSE -
N|. STEWART
District and Country. ZST”' 1*.ïT
tho first intimation he rect-iv-
THE ANNUAL FETE.

I
f,
Cups and Saucers,
Plates,
Tea Sets,
Dinner Sets,
Knives and Forks,
:o:	Spoons :o:
Linen and Cotton Towelling, Table Linen from 25c. to $1 per yd.
The
T id being when he was arrested.
1 - pu tat ion of the accused has heretofore
The Central Canada Exhibition Associa
lion will hold their
The County of Renfrew \\, t . T. I . i rvpUrsllon oi ulo pvvuacu «»• Convention will be held in Arnpnor on	unsulied and although he was coin-
October 4th
y
In Plain White
OTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN R’Y.
c mmitted for trial the community in Sir Frederick Robinson, of Toronto, ! general expressed belief in hie innocence was drowned in Muskuka, where he was ' & ,j his counsel is quite confident that summering, last week.	; honorable acquittal will be secured at the
Ephraia Dennis of Cacades Point, Quo., | assiz.*s on September 2Jrd. was killed by the falling ot a derrick boom at the harbor works at Port Colborne.
and
an
Printed Ware.
(Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
-AT-
Has to pay back That Ten
Thousand.
OTTAWA
Summer Time Card
Taking Effect, Monday May 13, 1901
Eifistua Wyman's commercial agency has gone to smiah and he himself is a physical wreck in his old age.
Rev. R. C. Horner has returned from hit trip to the West, where ho rays the Holiness movement is booming.
Owing to the exceedingly low water in the Gatineau River K>0,000logsare stranded in the Jean de Terre Creek above the Desert.
Angus Duhameul, nine yea s old came into ontact with a live electric wire in a vacant lot in Ottawa and was instantly killed.
A press despatch says that a young man named Her vis, who went from Beach burg on the harvest excursions to the Northwest, attempted suie de by jumping from a bridge at Winnipeg.
There are now about two hundred men employed in the Perth car shops and the works are taxed to their utmost capacity to meet the orders for box cars to move the great grain crop now ripening in the Northwest. An order of 800 cars was recently received.
The Central Canada Exhibition Association have decided to made a new depai-ture this year and keep the exhibition buildings open on the night of Friday, September 20th. This will be dune be cause of the great number of strangers in the city. On all other days the fair buddings will close as usual at six thirty, etch evening.
It is rumoured that M. C. Foley, 1 a*t census enumerator, has been appointed inspector of masonry at the Dei Joachims bridge, for which Mr. C. Lemoine of Pembroke has ? he contract. It is to be hoped that the Government will push the work shesd and have the bridge ready for the winter traffic and thereby save the travelling public a lot of inconvenience.

- FROM—
Kingston, Aug 28 —An Oswego, N Y, despatch says that Dr. C. L. Coulter, of New Yoik, has obtained an interlocutory judgment s g mist Dr. Oronyhackha, Supreme Chief Ranger of the Independent Order of Fores era, to pay back to the treasury the #5,000 granted him by the Supreme Count for hit labor in connection with the erection of the temple at Toronto. The pin ntiff set up the statement tint the constitution made the salary of the Supreme Chi-f Rar.g*r $10,000, and the grant of $5,000 waa a special gift for which there whs no authority. The defendant set up no jurisdiction and H capacity to sue on plaintiff's part, but Justice McLean set the defence aside and
gave
Train No* 1 leaves Ottawa 5 VO V, M.
Train No. 2 arrives ’*
Train No, A leaves "
Train No. 4 arrives “
Train No.b leaves “
Train No. V arrives “
Train No. 8 arrives |"
Ï	TV	"
Trains No. 1 ami 2 daily e&eept Sunday.
Train No. 3 and 4 daily exeept Saturday & Sunday.
Trains No. 5 and V Saturday only.
Tram* No. 7 and a Sunday only,
For tickets apply Ticket Agent, Central Station.
P. W. RE8SEMAN.
Gen’lBupH.
SEPT. 13th to 21st, 1901.
8.4ô A. M. 8.00 A. M. 0.1.S P M. 1.30 P. M.
ENTRIES CLOSE ON SEPT- IITH.
8.10 P. M. 7.45 P. M: v.;;o A. M.
The Gold Medal Special Prize List is l>lg gw and better than ever this year.
$250 offered in cash prizes by tho Massey-1 Harris Company.
Special Attractions comprise Balloon Ascensions and Parachute Leap. Trained Elephants, Slack AY ire Artists, World-Famous Dancers, all the finest specialties which money can secure.
The spectacular in the evening will be representation of the “ Siege of Tien Tsin " and the destruction of the Boxer Stronghold. All the soldiers of the different nations will be correctly uniformed, ami the representation will be the finest ever placed before the publie.
Immense Fireworks Display in connection therewith.
Pontiac Pacific Jmctioi Ey.
E. HODCINS & SON.
no
judgment against the doctor.
Official Time Table :
AM.
C. P. R. Buys K. & P.
Arrive 1.45
Aylmer tBreckeurldge ? Kardley Parker's Crossing
V	Mohrs Quyon
Wyman's
?Tank
Bristol
McKee’s
Bhawvllle
Clark’s
Campbell's Bay ?Tank
V	Vinton Coulonge ’Mellon's Waltham
3.45 Leave
9.21
41
• a
600
Montreal, August 28.—The Kingston and Pembroke railway has become the properly of the Canadian Pacific Railway Company. The story of the change in ownership was contained in a telegraph despatch received this morning from Kingston. It is understood that the road be used by the C. P. U. in the shipment of grain brought down the lakes in vessels to Montreal. The president of the Cansdian Pacific railway, Mr. T. O. Shaughnesay, was seen and remarked when shown the story that some of the details were inaccurate, but that the correct vers on of the negotiation would soon be made public.
The present terminal of the Kingston and Pembroke railway is Renfrew.

9.06
44
«I
6.12
8.58
#4
44
6.18
8.50
M
44
§26
8.40
44
«.87
8.22
14
4 «
6.47
Harvesting
Requisites
8.14
M
«•
«56
8.08
*«
0 «.68
44
8.02
«#
44
7.04
7.52
4
7.26
7.81
44
44
7.45
Will
7.18
44
8.00
êS
7.16
44
8.03
SPECIAL RATES on all railway and steamboat lines both for visitors and
exhibitors,
7.06
44
8.12
44
On hand at Lowest Prices for CASH
Forks, Rakes,
Grain Cradles,
Grain Scythes,
Binding Mitts,
Straw Hats,
And everything you require.
6.54
-6.30 as. 17
§•55 Arrive • «Flag Station. tTank. VFlag Station.
i Connecting with Hull Electric Railway
at Aylmer.
44
6.39
#4
4 <
Leave 6.30
For Prize Lists, Entry Korins, and all information, address the secretary.
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
WM. HUTCHISON, ex-M. P
President. K. Mt MAHON,
Sec y., 26 Sparks St-
• 4
CANADA ATLANTIC
REPORT CONFIRMED.
Upon receipt of the above the Journal wired its Montreal correspondent to make enquiries as to whether the reported pur chare was correct.
The answer was a# follow# :
“ Certainly ; no doubt whatever. Bo h Mr. Folger and Mr.Shaughneaay were desirous that the deal should be kept quiet for a time longer, but Mr. Saughneaiy himself stated that C. P. R. owned the road.
T. C. BATE
Treasurer.
RAILWAY
I
STARKE’S CORNERS
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
Blackberying is the order of the clay around here.
Miss Vance, in visiting her sister Mrs. W. Storie.
Miss Annie Cuthliertoon, liai returned home from visiting friends in Araurior.
Miss Jessie Ilodgins, of Shawville, is the guest of Miss Annie Cuthbertaon.
Rev. Mr. Carey, returned home Friday
lilas Young,
Come and see us as we are sure to please you.
----ooo-----

V
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Casadlae Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware end Motel Merchant The Dry Geode Review The leekseller end Stationer.
Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO.# Limited
Montreal and Toronto,
ARMSTRONG BROS, LADYSMITH.
On and after June lti, 1901. and until further advised
train service will be as follows :
A Railway Deal Affecting the
P. P. J. R.
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
§.30 A. M. - Local—Stop* at all Intermediate stations. Arrives Montreal 11.80 a. in. Rockland Bran.h, Valley Held, connects at Coteau Junction, î for Cornwall and pointa west;
ig.CC A M Sundays only—Stops at Intermediate
Arrives Montreal 11.uo a.m. Pullman
P. S.-Binder Twine-Plymouth Special.
evemn ¦ Mrs
Portage Du Fort.
Mr Bob Little, spent Sunday here. Misses Lucy and Minnie Eudes, of Radford, spent Wednesday afternoon at Mrs. Wm. Smart's.
Mrs. T. S. Dean, spent last week visiting friends in Bristol.
Mr. ‘T. llart, of Now York is here visit
Montreal, Aug. 29—The Ottawa Northern a»id Western Railway Company whichis toontroîO tawa’sInterprovincial bridge the Hull Electric Rad way and the Pontiac and Pacific Junction Railway, with it prospective extensions, will hold its first annual meeting in Montreal early in September. The company ia incorporated by the Dominion parliament. The chief business before the meeting will be to author Z3 the directors to purchase the stock of the Pontiac and Pacific Junction Railway, the Hull and Aylmer Electric Railway and the Ioterprovincial bridge. The purchase price is placed at $5,000,000, of which $d.000,000 is for the P. * P. Junction Railway, $1,000 000 for the budge and the remainder for the Hull line. The Capital for the undertaking will be furnished by a Montreal syndicate consisting of wealthy gentlemen who are prominent in dry goods and manufacturing circles. The deal Is being engineered by Mr. William Hanson, of Hanson Bros., the well known brokers.
spent Thursday in
stations.
Parlor Car atUfhed.
*§.00 P. M., Limited—Stops St>, Indian, Glen Hob-AW'vaiidm and Coteau June. only.
Arrives Montreal 6 40 p.m. Pullman Parlor Car attuvlied. Connect* with trains for Portland and all pointa east of Montreal. For Valleyrttdd and all joints south of the St. I^iwrcmve River. St. Albans Hnrlington, ete. Arriving Boston 7.00 a. in New York 7.J0 a m. Has through Buffet Sleeping Car. Ottawa to New York.
•6.55 P M. I/val—Stops nt Intermediate station». Arrives Montreal 10.00 p.m. Connects at Coteau Junction for Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, Chicago
etc.
OHAWVILLE’S
V new
A
we
ing friends.
Mr Charters, conducted the service in St. Alban's church last Sunday.
Our school teacher Miss Carmichael, had the misfortune to fall last weak, and break herright arm. She ha» had to give
for two weeks. But we hope
SASH and DOOR
'
\
FACTORY.
/
Trains arrive at Ottawa L\*naral Depot :
«12.20 P.M. Local-from Boston, New York, New England and Montreal at 9.16 a. in. Hm Pullman Parlor and Sleeping Cara attached.
<9.05 P. M. Local—From Montreal, and intermediate plints, Cornwall, Kingetos, Toronto, and pointa west. Han Pullman Parlor Car, leaving Montreal at 6,43, p. m.
a 6.55 P: M. Limited—From Montreal leaving at
Ha* Pullman Parlor Car.
Middle and Western Divisions.
10 AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
8 15 A. M. For Amprior. Renfrew. Egan ville, Pern-hr<»ke, Barry's Bay, Whitney. Canoe Lake, Parry Bound and intermediate points.
4.40 P- M. For Amprior. Renfrew, Egan ville, Pembroke, Mudawttska and intermediate étalions.
1.00 P. M. Mixed Train for Amprior, Renfrew, Egan ville, Madawaska and intermediate stations.
up teaobiadpiHHHIlHH
to see her back soon.
A young man from Clarendon Front, while visiting here last Sunday had the misfortune to break the tongue of his buggy. Never mind A. you will have that drive yet, for ho can always borrow a tongue from our goodnatured post master.
Rumor has it, we are to have a wedding in the near future; hope they will invite.

In connection with my former busl-I have just placed in position a
We have just received another large assortment of Ladies* and Gent’s Rings from the best ring makers in Canada
Call and see them.
ness
set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
4.10 p.m:
Sash,
NEW BLOOD IN THE COMPANY
Montreal, August 30.—The personnel of the principal shareholders who interested in the re-organized Ottawa Northern and western Railway (Gatineau Valley), was made known today. Among them are :
Mr. A F. Gault, of Gault Bros president of the Dominion Cotton Co.
Mr. 8. H. Ewing, of S. H. df E. S.
Ewing, spice manufacturers.
Mr. Sam. Finley, a well known capitalist, and the Hanson Bros.
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &c.
FeritOL.
are
Sensation in Carleton Place.

A pleasure to show goods.
Carleton Place, Aug. 29.—Quite a sensation was created here last Saturday when the well known horse doctor, Prof. Bonn, was arrested, charged with rape n one Mrs. Joseph Miran. The arrest was a surprise to the Professor himself and he at once consulted his solicitor, Mr. Wilson McCue. The investigation was held yesterday before His Worship Patrick Strothers, and the crown was represented by E. O. Mai loch, county crown attorney of Perth. The evidence of the womin and her daughter were turned into a bundle of contradictions under a severe examination by Mr. McCue. The evidence given by the Professor was a
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-class work.
M
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :
11.10 A. M. From Madawaaka, Pembroke, Egan-vifle, Renfrew. Amprior and intermediate pointe.
6.55 P. M From Parry Sound, Eganville, Renfrew, Amprior and intermediate point*.
8.60 P M. Mixed Train* from Madawaeka, Egan-vilk*, Renfrew, Amprior and intermediate station*.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
WHYTE
THE WATCHMAKER
Thanking my many customer* for their liberal patronage in the past, L shall look forward to a future Increase in business.
Amprior, Aug. 30.—The valise of H. A. Stone, traveler for H. and A. Saund-Toronto, containing jewelry lamples _ stolen from the platform at the C.P. R. station about midnight last night. It was found in the station yard this morning cut open and two hundred dollars worth of gold chains gone.
*
JOHN G. ELLIOTT
Central Depot, Russell Bouse Block.
era,
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE
wae
>
Ticket* to Europe and all part* of the world by all
MAIN STREET	. SHAWVILLE.
PROPRIETOR.
% Train* run daily except Sunday, to, Sunday only, e, Dally,
1
£

