###PAGE###1###



r





ttjL * i
#



r
j

y


;








»
No. 41.

SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
lSi’ii Ye\r.
THURSDAY, MARCH 2s, 1001.
§1.00 a Year in Advance.

•>
/

Where other# fa
an Ht vau. l'fiK 2 TaILOI
An Eiwter Offering--One of your ph tukffl by IMinou.
r supply is the principal î Un; village at present, .tes of these several .ce of the council, at ion as is ireeded, gain be brought up mend#* itself to the '.,id likely he submitted t >
1 or other w
BANK OF OTTAWA
next t
)
I'<
I!
t
i
lU
iiflsu om
Capital *
)TTAWA. CANADA
........SI,904,1hKI

Newness
In Every Department.
Fit for a King e Palace Grocery
Just
with su when ?
and if t
people ratepiy at an e
i
it
viicftciee
OP CANADA.
«!¦]

1
Rrst
i
•f R. fk. Halt. 0. MoQ-umi.
it, girl, occik-Apply to Kam
itit
Bowl of
I il
J
rs ;
Charles Maoer, Ekq., President. (IlOROB Bay, i>g.,Vice-PreBident.
IfoN. 0 to. Dkvhon, J a Aliu. FnAstn, Ei si,
- $6,000,000.
CAPITAL RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Ht
1 i
Wanted.—A good tomcd to farm work Hoimiinb, Shaw ville.
Provender Grinder—new—will ho «old at cost. McRae Vi McGuire, Hhaw* villo.
y u ay
John Math»h, Rsq Dâvii» MagLauln, Bitj Di nm» M* ri my, K g
ln
f
ng tho 'j lient ion som

pinion that a system should ho included.
f
)Ur
of t ic
licfht
Head Oftire, • Montreal.
ng
OKOnOVBtJIlN U M. F1NNIK
Cknml Mamii>r
.. .. M^e „-r
Ah
«• «now ko 'h melts when you get your photo ut I ml
WOOK.

BrstrhPir
IN ONTARIO
Kwwatm.
Kemjtt.lle,
MfttUwa,
Ottawa,
Maple Sugar Cream -something
,l confectionery line—done up In 1 il>. I The i.ugts* * lock of groceries in i' Wocke, 1Ô cents each, at The Palace Clio* tiny— wholesale op retail.
cery.i ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
SI9AW VILLE BRANCH,
new m
Uir./uk,
Parry h >*.ind,
Pembroke, Hat Port* je, Winchester, do BankBt. IVrfnw do Khleati 8t. Toronto, Vanklrrk Hill, timith's Palll,
IN MANITOBA ;
Alexandria, Am prior, Avowuore, BrscebrIUge,
C’aileton
Money loaned on approved secnrity at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred to all part* of UM world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
7 10 A M. To 3 P M.
. Î0 A.M. TOI P.M.
F. A. PARKER,
Manager.
the Palace Grocery, Sbawvilie.
The befit is none too good for the
Irish. Get an Irish serge suit at A. I Prim.station.—In view of the ap* Roland McGuire’s.	prilling departure of Mr. Duncan Row*
T)	and family, of Ladysmith, for the North-
Mi. Duncan Iv*s and family left for We«tt the members of the Methodist con* ue North West on I uesday. hey will gregaticn and other friends assembled at-locate in the vicinity of Lscrnnbe, Alberta. Sfr. R ;>Sh' residence on Wednesday even*
Miss McEachren, returned to town on *Dn> ins*., and presented them with Saturday evening las*, after an absence la handsome silver tea service, accom-ot several montas
«o
New Dress Goods and Trimmings, New Cottons and Linens,
New Laces and Embroidery,
New Lace Curtains and Njuslins, New Straight Front Corsets,
PUre, Haw kt «bury,
Winnipeg
Dauphin
Portage La Pralr>
IN QUEBEC ;
,	Hull,
8 ha wan pan Fall*
Agi tile in Canada, New York and C'hirago-Itank of Montreal.
Age Mi in tft. Paul— Merchant* Nat Honk!
Agent* in Loatlon, Eng.—I’arr'* bank Lid.
Ur hute
Montreal
Office Hours . Baturdat* , .
nicd wi’h %n address, of which the fol-
towing is a copy
To Mi:
>
SviFii t AT Peah rohe.—On Friday afterafternoon last, William Bourke, bricklayer of Pembroke, ended his eii nee
d-ite of parie g een. IMethodilt Church, Of Ladysmith, cant
permit you to go from among us without
i g^ing expreei m to our high esteem ^ I * mneoy < i Mort head left an(j Appreciation of y<iu and yours, on Tuesday morning in company with You have for many years, taken an Mr. D. Rosa for the NoithWeet, wheie he act,ve interest in all that concerned th e intends looking up a suitable location, highest well-being of our neighborhood ; before hw family ,oliow. He has sold hi* Lmj Df)W ^at you are leaving us, we wish farm to /.is brother- m-law, Mr. George _ou ^ fee] that you carry away with you Elhott, who takes possession at once, ourbest, w>hes. While wc regret your defending travellers write J. R. Tier- parture from among us, we confidently ney, Ry. and S. 8. agent, Arnprior, Ont., nope that health and temporal blessings for all information. Coupon tickets to may be yours, and that in your new all parts of the	world.	Parties going	to	home each may be	your devotion to God
Northwest write	for	“ Settler» V> guide,	»nd his ever-needy	church, that you may
maps, etc.	win the esteem of	new friends and the
¦¦¦¦¦¦	uncoil#1 ing approval	of Him who is Lord
The Anglican congregate n,< f (îowan» 0f all. ville, a short time ago presented their In conclusion, we atk you to accept paster, Rev James Elliott, with a nurse this memento as a slight token of our ap-containing $200 in gold, as an evidence preelation and good wishes, of the esteem in which he is held. Mr. Signed on behalf of the members and Elliott intends to removing to Vancouver | friends of the Methodist Church, as follows W. J. Williams, M. E. Armstrong,
Mr. W. Angus Mr-ore, of Otter Lake, I®: K Bud',y’ H' itin,k,e', J' L5n7D' wMinntuw. cn Monday clming a deal	Seaman, A E. Graham, E. L
Mrs. Dvncan Ross
AN
We, the members and friends of the
LOCAL NEWS.
Church Services
bv swallowing a He was r>0 years of age
V
METHODIST CHURCH
Try McGuire’s grocery for fresh and I pp^ro^H^^vVWRBJo7™touTuCker‘ MA'
Service* every Sabbath at 10.30 s.m.; 7,p.m
Sunday School at 0 30, a. m.	. . M
Epwortb league. Monday evening at 8.00 Ladles' Prayer Meeting, Tuesday 7.30 General Prayer Meeting, Friday, 7,30, p.m Everyone welcome.
Xy
cur
No clothing too nobby for tie to make. We can suit the most fastidious,
Tui: 2 Tailorh.
Just received- a special blend of Tea Call a oil try It, A*k for the Palace Blend. W. T. Eakl, The Palace Grocery.
p.ro
% very Newest and a Great Seller.
.
Sap Cars.—Large assortment at Dale Bros’., Shaw ville.
We are sole agente for the celebrated Tyke and Blenheim Serges.
A. Roland Mi (Lire
sFsrt itxsw | TpS'S Z%
¦ the I tailors.
We are selling the hctt 26-rent Japan Tea in town. A trial will convince you.
MCGUIRB'H GROC ERY,
251b. pails of Perfection Syrup for $1.15 at McGuire’s grocery
New Spring and
Summer Goods


Jamieson1» cream rolls, home made bread and Brown bread, at McGuire’s grocery.
A new and well assorted stock of
Are coming in Every Day.
l
Sprang Millinery just received at Mrs. I C. McCagg 8.	be paid.
In season. W. T. Bari, Palace Grocery. Mill,Bhawvllle.
«f.H-r ¦ rtrtvr 'h ^w-tsarta:
a good Scotch tweed suit f iu be bad at	A trial will convince you.
A. Roland McGuire’s.	I	Thk2 Tailors.
about the ist of May
Every Department filling up with the very best Goods in the market. Buyers would do well to come in and see us before making Spring purchases.


-40
l E. Armstrong, Myrtle Hod Xtawa I gins, A. W. Morrison, C. F. W. Stein ke the Th oi n : W j A s, F red. W. S c > 1 w artz, J
Mr. aril Mrs. David Wilson of Ottawa
Bishop Baldwin will visit Clarendon earlier this year— about tbo middle of I were here on Friday attending the funeral Jane. Two new churches will be opened | of the former's mother. by him, it i« hoped, when he oomee. ,	etylii)h| goud fi;ting wt. .he
Wat# h Found—on Main street near boys around town wear came from A ginger ale factory on Friday last. Owner Roland McGuire $.
have the same by calling this	¦¦

The deputation whicl la9t week to interview the Promit
inter#!* W * be 3
w.iy schemi,	.	. .
before Sir Wilfred, who promised to bring fhe Cof«ervative Association of m them to the notice of the minster of rail- tario has been re-organ, zed, with Mr ways. Mr. Murray, the Warden and Mr. J. J. Foy, M. P. P., as President Simpson were the principal spokesmen It is rumoured that the Rothschilds cf the deputation.	| are behind the scheme for the construct-
ion of the G< orgian Bay Canal. Those
in the secret of the new organization will neither confirm nor deny the report.
It t

H


1

ntati
9

J. H. SHAW.
if South Onslow,
may	.
office and identifying property and pay ing for this notice.
Mr. Jam en A mm, ht brother of Mr. Joseph A mm, of Qoyon village died on Thursday last

At a meeting of the Aylmer council on Wednesday a motion was passed rescind ing the contract with the Hull Electric
company for lighting the streets, and or- I The steamship Montfort, carrying 1,200 darging and copying	by the It	lering the company to remove itn poles, I Canadian troops for the South African
You need some of our .sugar-cured hams I process, and for framing,	our stoi k com-	^ires and lights immediately. The Hull	Constabulary, which is to serve under
surarurJtt'srsss# essfjsasrss Æ— j;ra;,“t°=r23;;; % % sxp"*'"' “,eJ h“
prices0 ale the lowest with quality. Our	M|sfi McKechnie, of	the Dan vide	arrangements were made for lighting	The speech of Mr. Borden, the new Con-
stock is complete in every detail — not	Academy, is, we regret to say, compel UmI I the village. A motion to rail .or tenders	servative leader, on the Budget last week,
remnants or left overs.	temporarily give up hei duties there being defeated on the casting vote of the jn course of which he set forth the policy
W. I. Bari, The I a lace Grocery. | on account ot ill health.	I mayor.	j of the Conservative party, is regarded as
Notice.—All parties indebted in any I if you have any logs or shingle blocks I	”	"**	“	jama	lyeffort,forceful in reasoning and
way to the late firm of Cuthberson, Gra- t0 sen ^ them to J. G. Elliott, Shaw The 2 Tailors have added foui more to clear in its presentation of facts, ham & Elliott, are requested to pay over v,nVt who will pay you the highest cash | their start -a sign of increase ,ineRti to me the respective amounts due not pj.^ going later than April 10th, 1901
you
rienced tailors can turn out
P. S.-New Spring Hats.
Thk 2 Tailors





Stationery I
Stationery !
Seven bars soup for 25 cents. Apricot*.
_	n . .	. .	. peaches, prunes, figs, and all kinds of
E or Sale.—J second hand buggies— canned goods cheap at McGuire’s Grocery.
--------- ---- r . as go;d as new —will be sold cheap. Can	___ 1 Province of Quebec,
afternoon in the apartment over y:.r * that* I have now on hand a fine stock of P^ns for a system of waterworks which at the disposal and for the information of Hodgins' store. He purposes holding pjc^ure moulding of different styles ; also I could be supplied to the village at a com- all persons interested, and t hat on Mon' “—"-""•west eSStfSS.'Ktstt
Tn rbuumr a h-df-column deliverance, Died. - At Calumet Island on the 18th consideration and the council tinaby came with examination and correction of
- -, - -
..3Ï Js3SS
on Friday last, accompanied by her little j counciy#aid with any information or advice daughter Yeoland, to consult a specialist, hc cnUld fiupply. in round numbers Mr. ,
1 arts *irx«aa ztt I	&mg s.™. *
dollais. With regard to sewerage he ex- 1901, by 106 yUlflZG KâpIuS IfTI-
could haie' provement Company, Limited.
Public Notice.
1

J as. Cuthberson
ft
We have gradually been increasing our stock of Stationery, and we now feel confident of shewing you a complete range of new and up-to-date writing material. You can have it in tablets or by the quire, or nicely put up in boxes
JUST RECEIVED :
A FEW SPECIAL LINES INCLUDING
Strathcona,
London Grey,
Royal York,
Silurian,
Albert Note,
Foreign Note,
Mourning Note.
Have you seen our Pound Package of Writing Paper—ruled or unruled, rough or smooth finish
For..........25 Cents.
I


)

HUGH MATHESON,
Sec. Treas
94
v. Doubtless it has. The more matters of this kind are stirred up and sifted out the more pungent becomes arises therefrom.
The spring thaw-long expected -set I child has i in on Monday and already the spotless weeks past mantle which has covered mother earth
for an

?
TARIFF OF TOLLS

the odor that
:
_  .	No need to go to the city now for an up plained that the corporation
unusually long period, is dieap- to-date suit. We have come to you from its choice of the separate system or what
asfessr sassss®s sSsrwSwEi"-*'^—*
WÊÊÊm^ üüüj U_______________________________________
SxrzJ'àts. IZJZL » p. u. p..T_.w,, SLtîfsr	1 i¦
>	.	,, lL. hia h in ’99. He oclock on Friday morning the premises of ference in the coat of excavation
w lt‘n,, 11 i„et vear at the Dioc san Col- Mr. Thos. Fiaeer, furniture dealer and not be matered, but the piping wouhl have .Spruce Hemlock, round or graduate y ^ hjfl 0|aMv At undertaker, of Portage du Fort were to be double the size, and therefore double flatted, 30 foot long and up
ish of lui war s	<¦ j His many well insured. The fire spread to the present but must look ahead to the prob-1 and White Pine, Tamarac,
hrreVwül be glad to hear of his I adjacent premises of Mr . Patk Coyne, able growth and expansion of the town.
sww a *3 =: IE5£F^ “



length, per thousand feet board
6 cents
measure
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, over 17 feet and un-

74 cents
• •••
“i I Red and White Pine, Tamarac,
THE DRUG STORE,
9 cents
SHAW VILLE.
Spruce and Hemlock, square or waney board, per thousand cubic feet....
e
con
90 cent*
• •




###PAGE###2###






ah
without a single shot being fired in return.
The capture of Tientsin, the urirc’ from Tientsin to Pekin, the occupa lion of Pekin, the expedition to Pnoting, and the so-called "punitive expeditions” in various directions from Pekin have been attended by wholesale robbery, outrage and murder. The worst crimes committed by the Boxers, the worst crimes imagined ns committed by them last summer, when it was believed tbnt the foreigners at Pekin had fallen | \ into their hands, have been duplicated at a score of places in the province of Pechili; but the victims were un armed Chinese men and helpless wo men and children, and the criminals I 4 were men who wore the uniform of | 4 the allied powers.	¦¦
It is impossible to read the detailed narratives of these occurrences without a thrill of horror. That the accusations a ro true unfortunately
no doubt.	h
the story of my own cure by the use make them are absolutely truetwor-of Dodd'a Kidney Pills, I am carefully thy. If the Boxers deserve punish-avoiding any comment of my own or | men^» *b* perpetrators of these
...»	fflK ^"ctiSKi? STS
state the absolute facts of mj case ^ etlll more, aa follows
ALL ABOUT TUE MICROBE
THE PRESENT MODE
FIVE DOCTORS

>
A
I
It le All KntkraHiiff nml Allow» t«real Bcoiie For Choice.

BOSTON MEDICAL MAN SAYS THEY ARE REALLY LIFE-SAVERS.
FAILED.
No one need feel anxiety as to what to wear and whether Mich and such a thing is wiling t«. the at >tid mode. be
cause everything that la pretty and be | *#**#*$ Arc on the Wrong Track nr coming la new permissible, fashion being move and more eclectic. What is to be studied is not the different gradations

Va C<> Vro|ioiiml% tlic Theory Tim I Ituvllll Arc licavcugrrs Fca>llnu Only
IN A SEVERS CASE OP KID-NE Y DIk BASE AND LAMB
BACK.
L»«d Ht>.|w «1, J|, m, 10 amt *0,,
oit Uemynl Mailer.
Dr. Charles, K Page, of Boston, had pronounced the startling theory that bacilli are not the causes of disease, but are natural a ills to its' cure.
"The longer I consider the subj ct," he says, "the more thoroughly am I convinced of the practical accuracy of the position that in every instance of disease, or rather I should say, of sickness, which should always bo regarded as Nature's moan g of curing disease, the so-called germ is actually the product or result, and not the cause, and that the genu theory as at present held is another instance in medicine of tho cart before the horse.
"Micro-organisms are found everywhere. Myriads of them enter our bodies at each breath without doing the least injury. They are scavengers. Their legitimate work is to clean out tho sowers of our Indies, Wherovur there is decay or decomposing matter there life-saver g are engaged in their business of neutralization, sanitation and purification.
b
And have it done with good X paint. Money spent on cheap J paint is lost and the labor Is * ly the best paint you can 1 Don't pay exorbitant % prices, but pay reasonable pri tor the best and purest paints made.
t Paint
)Your House
Dodd a Kidney Pills Cure Mr. Anderson, of Waterside. N B After Five Medical Men Have Pronounced Ulo Caao Abso lutcly Incurable.
(v:
m
lost. till

4
Wateraul
—“ l have been no often induced to try patent medicines by the reading of the wonderful cures said to have been effected in similar cases, that
N.H., March 18.—Special
ce*
v*
I

1
Ramsay’s
Paints
4

I,
c
now when I feel it my duty to write
t
Are the purest and best for beautifying and preserving the house. Do you want to learn all about good paints and see how some beautiful homes are painted ? Send us a post card and ask our Booklet M K * free.
o
%
\

?
S
o
for
A. RAMSAY & SON
" 1 have been treated by five different doctors, and have taken a largo
amount of patent medicine during the ,	^	^	.	.	.
last four yours for Kidney Trouble	Sirs,—I have (be<>n a great suf
and Lame Back, from which I have I ?erer /ro,n rheumatism, ^	„
been suffering l was very bad. My life at time* seemed a burden. I got no relief until I was persuaded to try Dodd’s Kidney Pills. I cheerfully give thifl unsolicited testimonial, that I have received mere benefit from six boxes of Dodd’s Kidney Pills, than from any and nil other sources.”
Mr. Anderson Is in earnest straight-forward statement of facts carries conviction. Lame Back and Kidney Disease do not neem able to exist where this wonderful remedy is used. It has been made .very popular in this community by the hearty en-do rout ion of Mr. Anderson, who is a well known and very highly respected citizen. The success of -Dodd’s Kidney Pills in cases like those of Mr. Anderson, has created a demand which the local druggists have reported as unprecedented.
V

PAINT MAKE*»
MONTREAL.
¦it'd 1143
PAINT
9m
v\ VI

\
, and lately have been confined to my bed. Seeing your MINARD’S LINIMENT ad vertised, I tried it and got immediate relief. I ascribe my restoration to health to tho wonderful power of your medicine.
##
The Federal Life
LEWIS 6. BUTLER

I
JSt
Burin, Nfld
NATURES PHYSICIANS.
"They feast upon the effete animal and vegetable matter. They never injure the healthy, and are tho natural friends of the diseased. They arc Nature’s physician*, constantly employed in preventing decomposing and worn-out matter from clogging the machinery of the animal organism. The human mouth, throat, stomach, intestines and lungs are inhabited by millions of these little sanitarians.
"Professor Jacobi says it may be possible that we will learn to poison

Assurance Company
His
A statue of Admiral lllake has been
erected by public subscription in Bridgewater, where ho was horn.
OF CANADA.
The nineteenth annas! meeting of the shareholders of this company was held at Us heii ofHzc in Hamilton, on Thursday, the 7th instant. Ia the absence of the President ihreugts Illness, Mr. William Kerne. Vice President, was appointed Chairman and Mr. David Dexter,
8oc rc t
Minard’8 Liniment Cures Dandruff.
CLOTH TOILET,
DIRECTORS’ REPORT.
One can still reckon as woodland
the United
of style, but what is suitable to the occasion and favorable to tho individual.
The really well dressed woman knows
what color and what shades of color best become her, what type of gown best sets An,‘ exterminate the so-called germs off her face and figure, what materials in doing si> we may kill the panic most advantageous to her.	1	t<u‘. ;	'	.	. ......
Today’s cut shows a costume of dark At a meeting of the British Midiblue cloth. The skirt has two scant cir- ™ Association the president s a Jidda r flounces edged with stitching. The	m I ho Section on ‘State Midishort h(4n*’o id trimmed with breton cm-	wa? delivered by Ur. George
broidery and has sleeves of elbow length Mi Ison, who spoke with gtoat fiank-with embroidered cuffs. The high corse- ncsa <)n th,(i TelaXvmi of bac erial re-let belt is of moss green velvet. The yoke aeaach and methods of treatment to and plastron of blue silk are covered with Piv\onti\o medicine. Ho begins by say-bands of embroidery, and the long, fall J0?. that Uasteur s preventive inocu-
sruü-s kks
pilill HiHiSI
P u CB*	* cultivate, are thos ol tuberculosis,
diphtheria, enteric fever, cholera and plague, ‘but those,’ continues Dr. Wilson, 'are found associated with cle-Old and New Style* of Diftorinir Cost- | cayvd tissue*, and it id op>n to argument whether, instead of being Into 1-loU the unconditioned causes of those isos’, they may not be performing
three mi 11 lour acres in Kingdom at the present day
Thêdlrertore presented their annual report, me follows
Your directors have the honor to present the report end financial mlatement of the compoly
King Edward VII. is a member of I'	—I for thr year which doted on the 31st December, 1900. duly vouchsd fer by the auditors.
the Church of England, ProtostcuL, i	FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS	I Thw new l>u>lnu«* of the year consisted of fourteen hun dred and forty-two applications for
Aiui attends tho Established Church in	WINFLOW8 soot Hi NO SYRUP h»i been Jn§nrnnc<\ aggregating $2,091 7.IS. of which thirteen hundred and ninety applications, for
Scotland, like the Queen,	nsed by mothers for tbnr cn-Iirea teeUiing. It s<x»tk« $| 9ù...vsd, were nucdplu 1 ; applications for $18,759 were rejected or held for farther inform»-
1 • ,dd. soften* th', gum». Ml»,?p»ln.vursewtndce.i« JQn
s the Lost r.Uimiy for d-urrhoe», Suc s oottia Mm# Am in previous years tho Income cf the company shows n gratifying incream, and the
MUSKOKA COTTAGE SANIT0R1UM. |	'	‘ '	| „s,uo(thocoJ1pu>rh.r.be.nlncr.«^ fcrfîll.mii.ndh.r. bow rucked ll.ruiftW.
exclusive of guarantee capital.
The Eccuritr for policy holder*, including guarantee capital, amounted at the close of the year to $2,149 (L5.M. and the liabilities for sesorve* and all oatstanding rUi ms. $1,1*3.733.97, ibvwlug .i hUrpliM of $l.oit,Sl7.t>A Exclusive of uncalled guarantee capital, tho surplus to
policy holders a as $117,002.85.
Policies on sixty livit lives bf came claims thr.ugh death, to the amenai of $104,207.93 of which $18,501 waA roin-u^ed in other com pan le-,
lncTuoitg cadi dividends and dividends applied to tho reduction of premiums. $23,079.23, with annuitize. $2 929.58. tho total payments to p >lloyholders ^mount'd to $170,81158.
Careful attention has be.m given to the Investment of the company's funds, largely on mortgage sécurité* and loans on the company's policies, amply secured by reserves. These investments in vs yielded result i better thon the average results of insurance companies tg business In Canada.	...	_	.
Ex ponsos have bee a confined to a reasonable Unit, consistent with due efforts fer new
.m Jnes ^ ^ ofl|r0 H agents of tho company are intolllgi nt and loyal, and nro entitled to much credit for their able representation of the company's intereeta. I he members of the olfice Ftatl have abo • rovod faithful in the company'*service.	e A ..	._
Having decided loi» crease the guarantee or subscribed capital to 91.M0.C00, the amount anthortzea by our act of incorporation, your directors Issued on 12th November lust tho ba'unce of 3.10» rhar. h. at a premium of 40 per cent, on the amount called. The»e shares were allotted to and taken ny the existing shareholders. Though the call of $13 per share was required only in bi-monthly instalment*, the gf eater portion of ft was paid before thoclese of the 3 ear.
The assurances carried by the company now amount to$ 12,176.283,20, upon which the company hoi Is reset vei to the full amount required by law, and, In addition thereto, a considéra le hurpli!', a* above shown,
JA3. 11. BEATTY.
President
theol
slid
Rev. John Robertson, of tho "City
Tcmpk'," Glasgow, has entered <m the
This institution is devoted to the | charge o.f Hast London Baptist l’ut>
eraaoie, Burdatt Bo ad*
A €'orrf»p»nde*l Tell* of I lie tarlllilr» l‘r.n l<lc«l fur Hie I' a!lent »,
treatment of persons in the early
stages of consumption of tho lungs
"W. J. B.,” in a recent Lssuj of Toronto daily, after speaking uf the beautiful scenery and handsome buildings he found on tho shore of Lake Muskoka, says:
"in all case* tho patients occupy separate room*. The table board is
excellent, and everything seems to Ikî I state or OhioFCity gf Toledo, ) M conducive to their happiness. Fucili- ^ Lucab ( ouNTY.	I ‘
*:<« “re yrovidvd for all kinds of win- w*,wp«rm«of uî^flm ef Ù. Cheney & ter and summer outdoor sports. The (;0., doing buslne#» in the City of Toledo, patients spend from eight to ten Coe nty *ud State aforesaid, "“d tkat #aid fh in
lmurs encli day in tli • oy.-n a In In	evefy ««of Catarrh
zero weather 1 saw men reading, nap- llvit cannot le cured by the use of Halls
ping and playing gan on 1 • piazza, | Catarrh C em and ladies doing fancy work and writing letters in perfect contentment, l i e sunlight, open air, rest and medical treat ment seem u> i*- yielding
wonderful results. One patient told I 'riali’sCatarrh Cure is taken internally,. and mo he had gained 12:2 1-12 pounds in act#» directly on the blood and mucous eurfacos
four weeks. Ur. DcWitt, of Wolf- oftho.y.turw	Tcit'ToWo.O
ville. Nova Scotia, who came with a PoWby Druggist*. 75c.
said he Hall1* Family Pill» are the best.
i
a Hiaards Liiiiinciit turcs linrns, tie.

doi
The English crown weighs only 30 . 5dwt„ though it comprises preci-stoac* to tho value of 000
oz
ous
OUTER GARMENTS.
line»*
• Sleeves, In mantles as well ns gowns have experienced a complete change from <
formel ityles. Some are wide, full end & benign ^ function in changing the gathered into n hand at the wrist or laid decayed tissue* into harmless proin vertical, stitched plaits to form a cuff; ducts, just ns various kinds of micro-others are laid in stitched plaits through- organisms are necessary to change out their length; still others are pagoda filth and all dead organic matter inshaped, very wide and open, with a point. 1° harmless matter.’
When there is question of very rich "The bacteriologist so dominate* and elegant wraps, the long redingote of the public press that wo almost set in velvet or broche silk, fitted like A princess to live lJX A bacillus-stricken world, gown and trimmed with beautiful passe- an-d so far us preventive medicine is
us on false lines in as mining that the disease developing microbe of any disease i* the cause of that disease."
DAVID DKXTKR,
Managing Director,
AUDITORS’ REPORT
FRANK J. CHKNEY. Sworn to before me and hubscribcd in my this 6th day of Deccmber. A.D.Wu.
XV
Notary Public.
To the Pro# dent and Director* of the Federal Life Assurance Company:
(.entlen.cn : NVo hnvo made a careful audit of the hoik# of your company ror the year ending 31st De.’O.nbw. 19)3, and Uavo eirtltlol tothiir oorrectno-w.
Tin senintiPH have been inspected and coinpirod with tho ledger accounts and are found
to nrr«*c therewith.	_	.	,	...	...	..
The limn U1 p isition of your company, as on 31*1 December, la Indicated by tho acoom-
i anyiag #tat omenL
presence
SEAL.
j
¦"'"“'VMS&nnw.
J. J. MASON.
M
patient to the tianitoriuan
felt safe ht1 re, a* he saw no possibi- I	------
lily of contagion where only cases in Newcastle Scots have decided to ask the earlier stage* of the disease are | the Wax Office once more to let them admitted. He claimed that those ftxrm a corps of kilted volunteers; fifty or more patients, gathered from L^her corps object, all over the Dominion of Canada, and some from across the. sea, wore not only saving their own lives for further usefulness, but saving thousands of precious lives from infection. Most of them will return to their homes cured, and will become missionaries of health to their families and friends."
The doctors tell ua that from one-sixth to one seventh of all deaths are from tuberculosis. One out of every four of those between fifteen and fifty-five years of age result from this cause. It is astonishing how many diseases spring from it. It annually claims more victim* than smallpox, diphtheria, typhoid fever, yellow fever, Asiatic fever, leprosy, measles and w hooping cough combined, pa li ties
Auditors*
Hamilton, 1st March, 1931
FINANCIAL STATEMENT, 1900
$	41V.34 7#
60,414 11 ai.tss OS
15.600 00
Premium Income Interest nml lieu la
Capital stock ..
Premium on block.
A FATHER'S STORY.
• • e ••

MinardsLiniiuent for sale everywhere

$	811,093 ST
.. $	170.813 8S
110,551 35 183,718 04
mmM

Paid to Policy Bolder* for Dea’h Claim*—
Endowments, snr-onder value* an1 profit*........
Expenses, taxe#, dividend-, and reinsurance premiums balance.........................................
K

The value of tho estate of Lord Kensington, who died a t Bloemfontein Last June, has been sworn at £711,000.
II
• •
• •

Ho Tells How His Son Regained Health and Strength.

• M •••••
••••••
r

9	511.093 87
9	117.759 68
«16.484 83 837.314 «8 889.808 SI
8 1,971.340 99
.. $ 1,073,909 «7 85,839 37 13,888 85 18 ,013 08 147.699 85

mi?;
ASSETS, DEO. 31. im
Debenture* and Ronds............
M : tgagee.....................
Ivoan* hocured bv policy reserves Cash in Lank and othor a-sela...
• • • • •
##
Had His Spine Injured and for Two Years Was Unablo to do Any Work and for Most of tho Time Was Con flaid to the House.

• •
• #
• #
êWÂ
1

# # # #


LTABILITIE9L
Mr. M. D’Entromont, a well known farmer living at West Pubnico, N.S., writes:—"I believe it is only right that I should let you know the benefit your medicine—Dr. Williams* Pink Pills—have been to my son. Constant, sixteen years! of age years he was almost a constant inva-
ReFerve Fund.......................................
Claims unadjusted..................................
Present value of claims paid by Instalment* not due ..
Present value of dividends applied on temporary reductions or premiums Suiplu*
This signature Is on every box of tbs genuine
Laxative Bromo-Quinine T»t>iet,
the ssmedy that cores s cold Is
8
see
• •88 • • S• 88

o

• •
. .
$ 1,971.348 89
877,715 88
... In 1939. by nn ac(t of Parliament, In Kurop'i the State mun e> | tho use of dogs in London to draw'
manufactories
Guarantee Capital
Surplus necurlty....................... ..........	®	u
Policies were issued assuring.................................................... 19 178 939 98
mortality of the company for tho past and previous year*.
The retiring directors were re-elected, and at a subsequent meeting c II. heatty was ro-olcctcd President, Lieut--Co!. Keini %nd Mr. 1. II Presidents.
insurance __
companies and private agencies arc united in bottling with the ravages
All praisa is due to
carts as beasts of burden was abol-
For several
o
lid, the result of an injury to his ; of this diseas
spine while working with his brothers ï<°Td Strathcona and Mount Royal, Sir
WViliam Meredith and those associated with them, wh > have started thii movement in Canada, and have pro-
Minard's Liniment Relieves Neuralgia.
of the board, Mr. Joe. . Jdacphcraon, V lce-
on the farm. He grew weak and listless, had no appetite, and for two years was unable to work and was for J vided Mich excellent facilities for the the most of the time confined to the successful conduct of the work.

The Latest and most important project on foot in England is tho construction of a canal from Southampton to London.
0

Metallic SKYLIGHTS «5
YOUR OVERCOATS

house, and for a part of the time to his bed
and faded Balts would look better dyed If bo agent of ours In your town, write direct Montreal, Boi 151
BRITISH AMERICAN DYIINQ CO.
MONTREAL
end Sheet Metal Works.
ROOFING SLATE, in Black, Red or Green. BLAT* BLACKBOARDS. (We »up*lf
Dominion Line Steamships KMttpS»
ST*
Large and Fast Steam,h,pa. Superior aocommodatloi »• DUTHI11 SONS,Adelaide A WldmsrltS., Tarent»
for alT classes of pa«eengera. tidoone and Buteroom are amidshli*. Special attention has be*n given U lh Beoond Saloon and rhlrd-Clsss •ccommodstion. Foi
wnicuLn, ,ppl, to «, M-l
!t Will Pay You
to consign all your Produce to the
Dawson Commission Co. Limited
Cor. Co'^V^W..ht	Toronto A, | ROOFING
STAIN UPON CHRISTENDOM
He suffered considerably from pains in the back; hii legs were
McGill—CollMre Avenue MONTREAL Family Hotel rate* $1.50 i*r day.
AVENUE HOUSE
r

Exrraaei by Hie Allied Troops In < lilna
< onflrianl.
weak; and he had frequent headaches.
At different times he was attended by two doctors, but got no benefit from The foreign ministers at Pekin
the treatment. Then I procured an have prepared a list of high Chinese electric belt for him, but it was sim- !
ply money wasted as it did not do	,	. ,	. ,	.. ,
him a particle of good. One day mQnd as a puni;liment for their corn-
while my son was reading a news- plicity in the Boxer outrages and
paper he came across tui article tell- the attack on the legations. Of the ing of a "cure in a somewhat similar iso through tho use of Dr. Williams' ....
Pink Pills, and he then decided to give *ain instances, there may bo them a trial. After the second box doubt ; but of its subsnattial justice was taken there was ft marked im
The British succession duties brought a re venue of nearly £70,000,000 in the last fiscal year.


officials whose cxecutiou they de-
w. p. c. io««.

CALVERT'S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
expediency of this demand, in cer-
A
some
/
Richard*. M.Si* Co.
77 State 8t., Bos toe.
D. Torrance 40a.
Montreal and Portland
Promise
EPPS'S l|To Pay
REDINGOTE.
assuming that the officials did what they are reputed to have done, there can be no question.
While the attempt is being made to distribute responsibility and to exact penalty for these crimes, neither the foreign ministers at Pekin nor the powers which they represent can afford to be indifférant to certain other Crimea, still more inexcusable and atrocious.
For all skin ailments.
J, C. Calvert & Co., Manchester, England
menterle, Is in the front rank. This Is a
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS-
not particularly novel type, but it, co.tll- '	tto us” of 'th,'"pi 1U until
ness renders it exclusive. Among odd ^ had taken eight boxes, and they ideas, however, may be reckoned the have restored him to health. Hisf ap-loosc sack of cloth, com pored of five sue-	has returned; the pain hast left
cessive scant circular flounces. Each ^ back; ho has gained flesh; is able flounce Is bordered with a cording of taf- ,0 r-<je a bicycle, enjoys life and is feta nod lined with white liberty satin. %ble to do a day's work as well us any The top flounce forms a sort of pelerine, on(, (lf his agt, mggggmgggs
tîüreÜI J?!1*6*1 the B]eevos emerge. on g^dly 80 that others may learn They ate wide and are gmnwfCI l® Khe , the merits of Dr. Will lams' Pink Pills, | wrist with a cording of taffeta.	[ and find a cure if ailing."
The picture shows a half !?ü£lh red!*! i)r. wniiaw	cure such
gote of mastic cloth. It Is close Citing CM0^ aa the one noted abovr because at the back and sides and straight they create new, rich, red blood, thus front It Is double breasted, and at each strengthening weak and shattered ,seof the front are two pliits let In and nerrcs. Tb y do not purge and weak-secured at the top by arrowhead stitches. cn otb r medicines, but strength-There are triple pelerines and double on from the first do$e to the. last. Sold revere, and all the edges, Including those by all dealers in medicine or sent of the collar and the cuffs of the dose p0iSf paid at 50 cents a box or sleeves, are finished with sZitched straps boxes for $2.50 by addressing the of cloth. Tho coat fastens with horn but- will lama’ Medicine Co., Brook-tons and is lined with broche silk. „	\	.
He
Te send for our Complete Catalogue of Sheet Nu*lo end Books with Special ralee of discount
Music
Teachers
Wanted

A Debenture of The Canada Permanent and Woetern Canada
GRATEFUL- OOMFORTING.
XX	XX	XX	XX	m	I	Mortgage Corporation is a promise
U	O	U	O	A	ll
the date specified, which may be in one or more years, as the Investor may prefer. The Coupons attached are promises to pay interest on the amount half yearly at four per Oint, per annum. The entire assets of the Company, amounting to $23,696,885 are security for fulfilment of the promises.
CORRESPONDENCE INVITED. Offio », Toronto Bt, Toronto
This! letter is giv-

WHALEY, BOYCE A Co.
Oil
BREAKFA8T-8UPPESL
168 Venge St. Toronto, Ont,
DOLL WRAP: Ft PING PAPER

The first reports of excesses by the allied troops seemed impossible to believe, but they have been confirmed by too many witnesses to be any longer questionedHH began at Taku last June, when three hundred coolies, who had been employed In loading ships and had never lifted a finger against a foreigner, were slaughtered by Russian troops

JUBILEE OF 1901. jLWSJSSSf
that Is requisite to assist the laity in reaping the benefits of the.Tab les. Substantial, complete und practical II-luitrated Kditloaon Photo Paper 10c each, fT.BO per hundred, postpaid. D. and.!. Sa du an à Co., Montreal

PRINTED in ono or many oolore or STRIPED at low prices. Samples furnished on request. Special quotations for oar loads or large lots. Write for prices.
TORONTO WRAPPING
PAPER COMPANY

[I


The work

i
Wood a Photo Ehicr avi
u.l.JonesEnc 0?
ING^

mix

6 8 10 ADELAIDE MW TORONTO.
76 Adelalde-et. West.



8
#


V




\



		




###PAGE###3###
(
(



BATITES BEMAÏÏ LOYAL,
THE GREAT NILE DAM.
THE READERS OF ONTARIO
moment Inter I heard the faint Round of some one coming along t he street. The pedestrian whoever he might be, was approaching from the right hand, and, what worn still morn important, my trained ear Informed me that ho was In mo of one leg, and walked \yith crutches eloser ho came. Hut to my surprise he did not pass the window; Indeed,
I noticed that when he came level with it the sound was completely lost to me. This told me two things; one. that the window, which, as I have already a aid, was boarded up, did not look 1/nto the main thoroughfare; the other, that the street itself ran along on the far side of the very wall to which my chain was attached.
As I arrived at the knowledge of thus fact, Jlec ken ham opened his eyes; he flat upas well as his chain would permit, and gazed about him in a dazed fashion. Then his right hand went up to the iron collar enclosing his neck, and when ho had realised what it meant he appeared even more mystified than before. He seemed to doze again for a minute or so, then hi.s ryes opened, and as they did so they fell upon me, a%d hie perplexity found relief in words.
"Mr. Hatteras,” he said, in a voice like that of a man talking in hU sleep, ."where are wc and what on earth does this chain mean?"
"You ask me something that I want to know myself,” I answered. "1 cannot tell you where we arc, except that we are in Port Said. But if you want to know what I think it means, well, I think it means treachery. How do you feel now?"
"Very sick indeed, and ray head aches horribly. But I can’t understand it at all. What do you mean by saying that it is treachery?"
This was the one question of all others I had been dreading, for 1 could not help feeling that when all was said and done I was bitterly to blame, liowever, unpleasant or not, the explanation had to be got through and without delay.
"Lord Beckenham,," 1 began, sitting upright and clasping my hands far behind either of the others round my knees, "this is a pretty libraries containing only two volumes
I haven’t the to every five of her population; while
but those of New York contain two to
Importance of I he Work Tlint lino Jeel Hr mi MnUlinl at Amoiuiii.
OUR LIBRARIES compared with
MASSACHUSETTS AND NEW YORK.
REV. J. MOFFATT, MICTION ARY, DISCUSSES THE SUBJECT.
I The Man Who Knows.
(From the ages of the dynasties of shepherd kings and Pharaohs a "low Nile'1 or a "high Nile" has meant dearth or plenty in Egypt. In proportion am the river spread its fertilizing waters in flood time along its banks the crop of the season was assured. If for one or more years in succession its volumi fell short fum-' ine stared the people in the face.
Imperial Rome depended largely on the granaries of, Egypt for the daily bread of her populace, but in her great constructive days she failed to insure the constancy of supplies in grain and other products of Egypt’s soil which is confidently anticipated by the approaching regulation of the rise and fall of the ancient river.
Just two years have passed since the foundation stone of the great Nile dam at Assouan was laid. It was bedded on a high portion of solid rock and was placed by the Duke of Connaught. Across the river, a mile broad there, the massive wall has been steadily built up of ashlar granite, welding together the rocks which from tho dangerous First Cataract about 0,000 feet to be designed to hold in reserve for purposes of irrigation a great mass of water.
When the river is in flood its waters will gush through the massive sluice gates. In the autumn mouths the sluice gates will be closed until the reservoir thus formed is full and ready to ho distributed by channels over the agricultural land on each side. When the water is must wanted in August and April for the crops of corn, sugar, cotton and ice lilts supply in the lower river will be increased from the reservoir, and thus a fairly
EVEN SUPPLY OF WATER
V.
The Urniimion of l.lbrartr* In Mew York Knell Smaller Than In Oalarl«-lli»Ms*-elinnHIt it ilie Banner Male - The •Irntme of Intelligence.
Premier RuaV recent remarks on "the measure of intelligence’’ found among the people of Ontario as indicated by the number of free libraries in the Province and the extent of their patronage, naturally suggests a comparison with the measure of intelligence in other lands, particularly the leading States of the Union. Three factors come into consideration Ls making such a comparison, viz the population, the total number of volumes in the libraries, and the number taken out during the year.
Contrasting Ontario with the State of New York, which may bo taken as an example of the average American State, and with Massachusetts, where
public library movement found Its birth, and where it now stands very near completion, so far as universal extension is concerned, the following statistics are obtainable. In 18U6 the libraries of New York, with its population of nearly 7,000,000, contained 4,647,061 volumes which had a circulation during that year of 5,008,402. In 1808 the libraries of Massachusetts, with a population of some 2,600,000, held 3,750,000 volumes, with an annual circulation of 7,666,666. While Ontario, with its population of 2,500.000, has 918,022 books In the libraries, which dur-1 ing tho year 1800 circulated to the extent of 2,547,131.
STILL FAR BEHIND.
Closer and
m
Ron I h Africa ii Xnllvr* Are lover* of JmSltt — Well Trralnl by BrllMi, II He I »i*U Him like a Hail anil Broke for Ulus ibe i haiii* of slavery.
Rev. J. 8. Moffatt, the well known African missionary, in a letter to the London Daily Mail, speaks of tlii natives of South Africa that they are loyal, though some of them who lived among the Boors to save themselves, their families and possessions, may have seemed, to side with the Boers.
"There is a strain of faithful loyally in the Bantu character which is not to be surpassed," says tho mid-
, «TT
Now, If anybody thinks it is nn rosy Bigj,(i It wa, „ queor irirt of Ç
I cny know I found it n harder hu t- rnv reckoning, and did not
thin I had anticipated, «o much • l.-:c wo were.	. j
What are we to do ?	^K,V-
lord, looking at hU watch, twenty minutes to eleven, » < promised Mr. Baxter I would not b,
ix^ri r; OTisteflwf- - - -
man's back, and stretch fois bande up Tho wordj| wcre hardly out of m> to mine. He did so, I pulled him up m. u h b fo.e thit personage ap... n. «uid. »...... %£ zrf lûsïïSAz’Mi
then tho other tourist, then h ] too mu?h ddivbt to noire the expie^-
Bockenham. After which I took °f» »i>n of malignant satisfaction on his legs, and dragged him up as I had j,jh guidance in an exactly contrary
?b,dZTl.n,,r
I liked, and every moment, while we Tbe street# were ,tUl small and ill-were about it, I expected to hoar the favoured but, as this was probably a
£ trs-îrï	s»rts=
the yard to prevent our escape. h.ife nrl, the door, however, must I tu n d into another and broader one
b... m—< «»»*.«	rturisa
gave them credit for. a *|anleep in the road. In this portion of
dis»
He sayS
•n
ness
harder that When 1 reached the top I was so completely exhausted ns to be unable to do anything for more
It’s
s 10 nary.
"It is a fact as big a* Table Mo un tain, that the vast majority of the ab original and the colored races are oi the British side in sentiment during the struggle which has been going on for a year and a hlaf. By the col* ored race I mean the mixed people in the colonies and sometime* Republics, beginning with full-blooded Hottentots and the imported aborigines up to the almost white, whose fathers, whatever their motives may have been, were Dutch or English."
Mr. Mo f fa It points out that the native remembers that the British broke the chains of slavery; that the Boers have reduced them to the lower extremity of human existence; that the British have given high wages in Johannesburg and many other proofs of friendliness.
the fr
my
The length of the dam is Its strength had
mg
The
From one email find dirty street wo
we
rate they did not give way. .	| tho town- gas lamps were at a
j? zrsjïï.- 922S3SS
direction wet should now Prwc,( » a-Jozm paces or so behind him. I re-hc pointed to the adjoining roofs, and member noticing a Greek cognomen
....« ¦«" *u“su tsrs1 ira; M ^«.
ineas of cats, we according y	when something very much rvsembl- reputation of lieing a coward
across them.	ing a thin cord touched in y nose and I'll own I feel pretty rocky and every three; Massachusetts three to
Three houses surmounted, we found fell over my chin. Before I could, put mean when I see you sitting there on every two persons.
•	i-.l;ntr . mrrow"alley, my hial up to it it had begun to the floor w ith that iron collar round ' This is due, of course, largely to
ouiselves overlooking a	tighten rodml! my throat. just at yf>Ur neck and that chain holding you the comparative youth of this Pro-
into which wo first peered carviu lb(i flamef moment I heard my com- tej tho wall, and know that it’s, in a, vince, and to the fact that tho mil-and, having discovered that no one panjon utter a sharp cry, and after measure, all my stupid, blundering lionaires of Ontario, either have not nh-nt eventually dropped.	tbit I rem-mber no more,	folly that has brought it about." j the ability or the inclination to era’ . . th ffU:d€ afl 8oon as	- "Oh. don’t say that, Mr. Hattcras!” ulate those on the other side of the
6	* \ ,lin _innff , ? x OH'VPTHR VIII	wus tho young man's generous reply. ; line in giving largo donations for
wo were down, "wo must run g	*	"For whatever or whoever may be to educational purposes. The amount
here, and turn to tho left.’1	For what length of time I lay un- blame for it, I’m sure you’re not.” given for libraries and library
Ve did: so to find ourselves in' a conscious after hearing Beckenham s «‘That’s because you don’t know buildings in Massachusetts in the
* ” ,	which “eventually [iny' ,anrl f?I,n» the cord tighten everything, my lord. Wait till you ; shape of gifts and bequests reaches in
broader street, whim	round m>- throat, as narrated in the have heard what I have to tell you mon.-y alone to nearly $8,000,000.
brought us out into the thorough!,«r< preceding chapter, I have not the before you give me eucb complete It Ls the extent of circulation in
tbreugh which wo hid passed to reach remotest idea ; 1 only know that Solution."	proportion to population, however,
the m soue	i ? h>n tmJ	returned to me ••|*m not going to blame you what- that, so far as public libraries are
Marin* .ur be.„.„ new	oTÜ:m ^ ^	""" ",
Leaded for tbe harbour, or at least m,y neck, it .a true. but something	xh<,ro and then I set to work and the amount of reading done by any	first
for that part of the town with which uas Sl 1	cm ucling it in a highly un-	aj| (bat had happened to me , community.	qualities HHIH HI H_	J
I was best acquainted, as fast as our ^ ant	fashion. On putting my	8j11C0 mv arrival in London; informed ! Judged according to this standard,	William Garston, the Secretary	of
% rp	SSS1 B&EHFsHE	EmS ZE
donc with adventures for tho night. coon miuncat ing with a wall at the described tho telegram incident and ries have circulation of three volumes Egypt’s resources for growing corn ^Us it. He is awe to a.
¦I * mm mm—
ing for me, and together wo entend ,	' T ...	.	ho is unsuccessful, and 1 follow and
the building. •	, ,	J ,L Lr if *	, moan/each- join the boat in Naples. Good graci-
Tho room was packed, and con- *d ,ear/. came from the fur- ous! I see something else now." scquently all tho tables "ere her end of the room. Again I held “What is that?"
3.......: r
teres ted in tho players than the to.d m-e that it was none other than this infernal place was extraordinary The roads of Eaton Flail are the fin-
EEE	sr.
was in tho ascendant, on others a twice by imrac, he did not answer, -'Hut whvf"	London correspondent
haggard despair rcemed to have laid but continued in the same position,	J To he rontinued	laid, out by noted engineers, and mail* grisly band ; on every one was moaning softly as before. I had only	'	«dam, gravel and clay were used in
If 'Sr	£? S LMhte'dJS t	—*—	» i.	w "on,
was peculiar. Be looked from facet to my fingers, and had to bo oxtin-	CONDENSED BEER.	. GO to 100 feet Ln width and are so well
face, as it he were observing the guis hod. With the departure of the	J_	drained that water cannot stand up-
peculiaiill'.e of <oma strange amm • Is. light a return of faintness seized me,	on the surface, as the top U composed
I watched him, and then I saw his and I fell back into my corner, if not Tfce eenlal Beverage In Hie Form ef ¦ Jelly Q(	rolled into a compact
expression suddenly1 change.	quite insensible, certainly unconsci-	Dl»tr|b*ied ro BrliNh Trwp*.	mass by the pressure of 20-ton ma-
Following th^ direction of his eyes, ous of the immediate awkwardness A curious experiment was made dur- chines operated by steam power. One
wl,„ „ w »,	SMXs&f • <«»••R,se to
face was hidden from me, but by lak- thinking returned to me and long with apparently successful results. Mt Bren in parts of the estate
ÈW	.IW. for the Presence of This Poison.
¦81 ili
s wsm wmà mÊÊimmm
sssj’ssrsit^rvas	4B„Y SwraM-,w «-nooi -s;as:
of my position and the chain that tiih soldier is peiftct y cei 1	The German army has a swimming liver which fails to convert undi- ing at once on both the great filter-
mÊÊàmimÊwmÊmmËsm
a dog on my Left barked,	* slender income.	ammunition-	---- -	„
At first glance it will be seen that in the number of volumes at the disposal of tho public, Ontario is still
ZULUS PBYCEFUL.
"In Natal and. in Zululand, with a population of Bantu outnumbering t he white people by ten to one," bays the missionary, "our Zulu* havo sat still, or might hive been seen peacefully <Uiving their ploughs within sound of the guns round Ladysmtith, giving us no trouble, simply doing what we told thi»,*in. to do.
“The Ik chuana tribes all along the western bordi r of the i’ranavaal have been loyal to us, though many of them suffered the loss of their stock, which we coull not defend for them. Further north a message sent to the we 11 known chief K ha ma; 'We don't want to interfere with you, but we want to come and rout out the English in your country,’ The answer was: if you cros* the Crocodile River, we will spaik to you with our rifles.’ • All these tribe* of the Bantu race, millions of men, have helped us, not by taking part in the conflict— that we could iL>t allow th*»m to <lo— but by keeping quiet in obedience to
her
will bo afforded throughout the year. A canal with numerous locks is to Iaï constructed to give passage to the Nile steamers and other traffic.
Commercially the value of tho clam to Egypt in the future can hardly be estimated. Its immediate effect, according to tbe Egyi in Government’s

was
'Now,
will be to
engineer
bring under cultivation 000,000 additional acres of land. This is in addition to putting certain districts and levels beyond the ordinary risks of
An area of 5,000,000 acres, now, in fair cultivation, will be converted into land of the efficiency in crop-producing Over the whole area Sir
i
i
flood and drought
us
APPRECIATE JUSTICE.


ni in, that up-
to a
we

our

%
the 'Great Lady

NO OTHER USE FOR IT
A woman came to the door.
What do you want ? she dcmhnd-
!
/
I—er—that is, stammered the Stork, blushing with tbe utmost violence, I had it in mind—
Well, you’re too homely to trim hats with 1 exclaimed the woman and shut the door.
A FAIR DIVISION
Tho Bride—Deary, don’t yon think
i would bo all right if I would go
and get one of those new-fashioned hats that they call a madcap?
The Husband—Guess that would be all right, dear, if you won’t raise a row if I go down to the corner and get an old-fashioned nightcap.
FORCE OF HABIT.
Mrs. Shoppen—Give me a deiafi
stamps if you please. Poetoffice-Clerk—Yes’m. Two-can 11 Mrs. Shoppen, absent-mindedly—Am they the best you’ve got i

F
GOOD ROADS AT EATON HALL


f
>• f#
If
Uric Acid
In the Blood

They were
91
if
f
-4
!
!



Painful and Fatal Complica* tions—The Liver and Kidneys Respon-
?
>
i
!







cried believe here long.”
Thereupon we parsed out into the Btreet, aod without further ado proceeded in the direction in which I imagined the Saratoga to He. A youth of about eighteen chequered eu mm era requeatd, in broken Eng-liflb, to be permitted the honour of piloting us, but feeling confident of being able to find my way I decided oil eervtani, ,



i













###PAGE###4###



OtMitMii) Harmon, ex President of the i Htate*, died at Indian spoil*, Iod., u U ednoMfUy after a brief illnesn
For Sale or to Rent.
SMART & SMITH* t
THE EQUITY.
THE MARKETS.
lilt
MASSEY-HARRIS

The undersigned otters for sale <>r to rent his farm, consisting of Ws No. 6 and 6 In the W est range of Thorne, containing 200 acres, of which HU acres are cleared and under cultivation ; the bid -Mice Is bush land. This
1 !
comfortable dwelling house and good out buildings. For further information apply to	W. J. SMITH.
Greer Mount !\ O.
SHAWVILLE
SHAWVILLE
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE, MARCH 28, 1901
DESIRABLE PROPERTY
FOR SALE.
Wheat, (.standard) 70 to 7
Oats per bushel, 27 to2x. Pease per bushel, 60o, Huvkwhe figff*. per
property Is well
ted thereon n
COUNTY COUNCIL
per bush
l
Minutes of proceeding» o'.general quar turly session of the Municipal Council of the Corporation of the first Division t f the County of Pontiac, held in the Council Hall, in the Yillige of Bryson, on Wednesday, the thirteenth day of March, one thousand nine hundred and oae, at the !	11
hour of to t in the forenoon, at which v, session were present, the Warden, U. II. ! lVabuw, Esq., Mayor of the village of Portage du Fort, and the following Councillors, viz
•	.,	r* foi kalm IiIm farm
m I.to Town hip of t'lavondon. Lots South Half of 10 in ,	' ' Half of : in i h,.
••th range thereof, containing 200 norm, mon* or loss, " The promises are too well known to re<|U5ro detailed description in >' ,lV,ilï I'l't 'or than to state that the tunn Is desIraWv located. U wull built upon and everything is |„ first class re
us and further Information ill OS. PHENDEIMAST
Had for.! P.0,, Que.
VI
\ pei pound, 17 to IS per pound, 1(1 to isv ‘iu h, Pti to 7.s'.
»7 run,, -S7.75.
IÜO 11 <
and
SPRING GOODS.
tl
1
deed Business Chance.

Pot


Beef, 9
i
«
I
ml !
ST
1
i
I
i

(Si
Quo. Po 100U. Present owner go ^ on account of Ulhealt h.
.JOHN M. HOI Hi l NS, 1\ O. B >x S2, Shaw vll'v. g

to t
III

I
I
MASSET-HARRIS COMBINED DRILL ““SPRING TOOTH B’D-CAST SEEDER
\ \W. WWX
OTTAWA
1
Vvi
F. P. Ltfond, Mayor cf A'dtie\î ; J P». Mam\M*,E:q , Mayor cf Allumette Is hland ; K <Jraham, Enj., Mayor of Bri- | Point i F. C. D e, Mayor of Bryi m C. McNally, E land: Win. h\
“ palls, IV to fn -I i- .pei tO to 4
\]>pU*s, S2.0< lu |U>| bl»l
!>ei H».
Lumber
NEW
GOODS
1
Mayor of Calumet la- I
E 'I , M y r
peau ; Michael Dunn, Eaq., Mayor of ! Chichester John Stewart, Esq., Mayor of Clarendon ; David Moore, l or of Leslie, Ctapham, Ac.; 14. J. Sloan,
Esq , Mayor of Litchfield ; Edward Bum
M < v <: Mansfield and Pontefract , W illiam Mooney, E?q , May- X\ or of North Onslow ; Wu;. Meredith, rr:
Esq., Mayor of tt)uyon ; John J. Cowar,
Esq., Mayor of Shawville ; Michael Hayes, Esq., Mayor of Sheen, Esher, A •?. ;
Dennis Kennedy, E#q.t Mayor of South ,	,
Onslow ; Gao. Dagg, Etq , Mayor of Thorne, and James Adams, Esq., Mayor • £ .. of Waltham and Brysor, forming a quo rum under the presidency of the Warden
1
Sawing.

ptM 1

Beef, 3 t Pork. $7.00 to 88.7f pci 100,
n i"ii
to 31c. pei bushel. Hay. A*.50 to $1 LOP per ton
B .perl
per I
NEW
GOODS
May
Made with 10,11, 1-’ ami 14 11 Solid Steel Angle Frame
Ufa
(

1 wish to inform the public that I am prepared to do custom sawing—both lumber and I shingles—at reasonable rates, j and am also prepared to pay Cash for any quantity of good Logs delivered at Hodgins’ Brick Yard.
I will also pay $1.50 per cord for a quantity of good, sound 4 foot wood.
Solid Steel Axle.
<
ford, l

/
I
THE IVJASSEY-ljARRlS DISC HARROW
NOW OPENING 01 T
Corn pat y id ».f vital iinj ortance to the Interest! of the eaid county.
It is further resolved, a committee be 1, consisting of the Warden and Meredith, Stewart and Kennedy i secretary treasurer, which committee is instructed to interview with as little deity as may be possible, the Hon.
The newly elected members hiving gjr Wilfrid Lauiier, Premier, the Hon. J. taken the oath of office and their seats at p. Blair, Minister of Railways and Canals, the board, when Mayor D. Kennedy ati(j t^e member for the county, Thomas moves, seconded by Mayor E. Ramford, Murray. Es
that Mayor Gerald H. P>rabazon, Mayor Parent, Premier of the Province of of the Vil'age of Portage du Fort, be Quebec, and the local member for the elected Warden of this County for the | county, D. Gillies, Esq , M. P. P., and ensuing term.—Carried unanimously
The Warden elect having subscribed to I in this road, and to seek from their best his oath of office,- resumed his seat at the su head of the Council, thanking the Conned for renewal of their confidence by conded by Mayor Lefond, and resolved, placing him once more at the head of that the above resolutions be at once pre-the Council.	sentei to the Hor. Gentlemen named,
The minutes of last session were read ‘ aikirg at the same tinn for an itiurview. and adopted, on motion of Mayor Ste ! —Carried unanimously, met, ee: uded by Mayor Sloan.	Moved bv Mayor iLanuche, seconded
The question of using and keeping in by Mayor Hayes, that the Petition of t he repair the Stone Crusher l itely purchased County Council of the County cf Pontiac fur the county was now considered. in the Province of Quebec, Humbly shew-Msyor Kennedy moves, seconded by eth :
Mayor Mooney, that a fee of one dollar Whereas the Pontiac Pacific Jumt^n per day be charged each municipality using the Stone Crusher, for each and every day actually used,and that the cost of moving the Stone Crusher from one
municipality to another b j borne by I tern of the country, and
the municipality last using it, and the Whereas the said Pontiac Pacific June ,	TT/NTTT A Tl
municipality next- requiring its use, each lion Railway Company has obtained a A I «H	H (J XA/ A rf I /
one-half.	charter for a line of railway from Shaw- X-LXJ“L	VV
U
Up-to-Date Store
STARKE’S
CORNERS.
Gives good Satisfait»)
A full line of Finishing Harrows and Plows. Also Repairs for all kinds of Plows.
Come and have a look at our several lines of Spring Goods now open for inspection.
also the Hon. 8
M. P
J. J. McCLEARY.
SMART & SMITH.
Shaw ville, Ft*b. 11, l'H)l
to explain to then: the county's interests
P. S.—A fine assortment of Summer Rigs.
Farmers, Attention !
pport and countenance.
It was moved by Mayor Meredith, se
THE McCORMICK
Silas Young.
A
HARVESTING
MACHINERY
THE DAVID MAXWELL & SONS
SHOW-ROOMS, SHAWVILLE, QUE.,
î
I
IS SECOND TO NONE IN THE WORLD.
FRESH and CURED
0
am prepared to supply the same to the
lUilwaj at present	Iron, ,h. ftC.K&Ktïri
lowti or Aylmer to >> alt Lap* in the always he kept on hand, thus avoiding County of Pontiac, and is without any delay in having to send away for them, western connection with the railway sya
I
MEATS
Are now open for business.
itr Horses taken in exchange for Ma chinery.
Farmers will consult their best interests by calling and inspecting sample of our latest improved
of all kinds at
THE SHAWVILLE
IVleat Market
J. G. McGUIRE,
Mayor Hayes moves in amendment, ville in the County of Pontiao to Peur seconded by Mayor Adams, that a fee of broke, a line which would serre a very two dollars per day be charged each mu- rich section of country now without municipality using the Stone Crusher.	way facilities, and which would give the
Mayor F. C. Dez )uche moves in amend westerly connection now required, and ment to the amendment, seconded by Whereas the people of the Countv of Mayor Meredith that no charge what- Pontiac areieairous that the present line of ever be made for the use of the stone the P. P. J. Railway should be extended crusher other than the cost of moving the westerly from Waltham through the town-machine from one municipality to ships of Chichester, Sheen and townships another, the cost of w>':h shall be borne west, in order that they be able to find a by the municipality last using it and the western outlet for their produce in the municipality next requiring its use, each newer portion of the province now being one half.	opened up, and also that the said line
Fvr tho amendment to the amendment from Shawville to Pembroke be built to —Cowan, Meredith, DeZ niche and Ste- j aff rd them a western connection.
And whereas, the people of the County For the amendment—Dunn. Licey, I of Pontiac have already given aid to the Mainville, Bam ford, Adam», H iyes and | utmost of their ability by way of bonus
Moore - 7
For the main motion—Sloan, McNilly, I tain what railway facilities the said line Deziucho, Mooney, Kennedy, Dieg, now affords them.
Meredith, Lafond, Moore, Cowan, Gra Ar.d wtereas, the said P. P. J. Rail-ham, aid Stewart —12. Tile main mo- wry has now under construction a line tion declared carried.	! from Aylmer to Ottawa, which your
Mayor Graham suggested that 8ime petitioners are assured will be completed man be appointed to whom applications early the corning summer, and have also be made for the use of the stone crusher, in connection with the Ottawa and Gati-Mayor Stewart moves, seconded by neau Valley Railway lately constructed,
Mayor Lafond, that the Secretary-Tr<a- the Interprovincial Bridge across the Ot-surer be appointed as the person to whom ‘ tawa river, which works being of very application shall be made for the use of expensive character hare, nodoubt, tapped the stone crusher.—Carried.	the financial resources of the company.
Mayor Mooney moves, seconded by Therefore, your petitioners pray that it Mayor Kennedy, that Mayors W. Mere- will please your Government to extend di h and E. Graham be appointed county aid to the said P. P. J. Company, to en-delegates in conjunction with the War- able them to construct the above men-den.—Carried.	tiered extension, viz.: the extension west
Mayor Stewart moves, seconded by from Waltham through Chichester, Sheen Mayor D.zoucho, that Mr. Win. Bolam and the Townships to the west, and also bs appointed constable for the municip- the line from Shawville to Pembroke, lits for tho ensuing year.—Carried.	believing that the said lines are of vital
Mayor Cowan moves, seconded by ! importance to the people of the county,
Mayor Hayes, that Messrs. Wm. Lothian | and of direct benefit to the Dominion at and Pa‘rick O’Meara be appointed Audit- large, ani your petitioners will ever pray, or* for the municipality for the ensuing —Carried unanimously, term.—Carried.	| The secretary-treasurer laid before the
Mayor McNally moves, seconded by council a bill for maintenance of Insane,
Mayor Licey, that this meeting adjourn I amounting to $«>45.18, which was read, until 1.30 p. m.—Carried.	j Mayer Mooney moves, seconded by
Pur suant to adjournment the council j Mayor Sloan, that the secretary-treasurer assembled at one thirty in the afternoon, • be, and he is hereby authorized to pay the members all present except Mayor I to the Collector of Provincial Revenue Djflfg.	"	I $045.18, amount due for maintenance of
The report of Special Superintendent Insane for the year 1900.
Duff on theTown Line between the town j A bill from South Onslow for convey-ship of Clarendon and Bristol wa aread and i ance cf insane, William Finilay, to the laid upon the table.	| asylum, and medical certificate from R
Mayor Stewart moves, seconded by ! S. Duwd, M. D., amounting to $34 75.
Mayor Graham, that tho matter of esta- Also a bill from North Onslow for medi-b!i»hing the line between the townships i cal certificate from R. S. Dowd, M. D. of Clarendon and Bristol be left over un- re Mrs. John Garviri, insane, $10.
11 the June session.—Carried.	| Mayor Lacey moves, seconded by May- and t;ve çsntiare required to meet the pay-
Mr. Louis Simpson, of O taw a, by per- or Mainville, that the bill for the convey- j ment on interest and sinking fund account mission of the Warden addressed the ance cf insane Wm. Findlay from South J the debentures issued under by-law Council in behalf of a scheme he has to I Onslow to the asylum, amounting tc -0 cf this c uncii, and m order to build a railway from i point in the vi- j $">4.75, and also the bill from North On- lhe lald Kum of *1--41 »o • rate cf cinlty of the Chats through the County slow f or examination and medical certi- MUol in the I on every dollar of property
Ho does not ask sny assist-1 ficate re Mrs. John Garvin, 81», be paid, mentioned and assessed m the valuation
atce from the county in the way cf bonus -Carried.	ro!^now. ™ f"lce '"/%«	*s re
o-cish subeidv, only the influence and ! Mayor Mooney moves, seconded by v.sed and homologated for county pur-
support of the council. After discussing Mayor Mainville, that the Warden be P°8es 1S rc(lU !v‘ »
thj matter thoroughly, it was moved by authorized to prepare a memorial to the Be it therefore nsieved, that the sec* Mayor W.fJ. Meredith,(seconded by May Federal Government through Thomas retary treasurer be and is hereby author or F. P. Lafond, tint the County Coun- Murray, Esq . M. P., asking for a rcea- ized and instructed to proceed to collect cil of the County of Pontiac, as assembled sure of relief from the Railway Bonus of from the different local municipalities of the thirteenth day of • March, 1901, j this county.—Carried unanimously. this corporation, immediately, the share ir the Chefieu of said county having heard j The secretary-treasurer laid before the ind proportion due by each such munici-Mr. Louis Simpson.it is the opinion of the ; ccnncil his cash statement with statement parity, as their share and proportion of
of arrears due by the local municipalities, said sum of $1,2041.06. —Carried, and the Auditor's Report for the year Mayor Kennedy moved, seconded by 1900.	Mayor Hayes, that this meeting do now
Mayor Hayes moves, seconded by adjourn.
May. r Graham, that the secretary treasurers cash statement with statement cf arrears and Auditor’s Report for 1900 be adopted.—Carried.
Ai il'.VT FOU
The McCormicH Harvesting Machine Company
A 1,40 WR
Organs, Pianos and Sewiqg Machines.
Disc Harrows
PROVINCE OF QUEBEC DISTRICT OF PONTIAC
)
And
Proorietor.
Fleury’s Ploughs.
PUBLIC NOTICE
In % Superior Court.
.
IS HEREBY GIVEN, by J. R. HORNER the undersigned Secretary-Trea surer, of the Municipality of Shawville; that complaint has been made against the list of panons having the riff at an election for member of th tive Assembly of this Province, prepared by him and now deposited in his office. And that on MONDAY the FIRST day of APRIL next, at its usual hour of meeting, the Municipal Council will proceed to the examination and correction of said Lists.
Given at Shawville this Seventh day of March, one thousand nine hundred and
No. 517.
CHARLES DEVLIN, of the Town of Aylmer, in the District of Ottawa, Merchant. Plaintiff,
McRAE & McGUIRE
6
t to vote c Legiala-
w art —4
*
AGENTS,
Vfl
to the P. P. «f. Railway in order to ob
PATRICK DOLAN, of the Township of Onslow, in the District of Pontiac, Defendant.
D. McRae's Old Stand, .. Main Street, Shawville
The Defendant is ordered to appear within one month.
C. BARSALOU.
ProtMonetary of the said Court
SNOW


one
J. It. HORNER,
Secretary-Treasurer
The secretary-treasurer laid before the council plans for a council hall, w ith tire proof vaults and office for mecretaiy-treasurer, consideration of which is left over to next session in June.
Mayor M. Dunn moves, seconded by Mayor Meredith, that whereas the sum of fifteen hundred and two dollars and twenty-oight cents is required for the current expenses cf this council for the year 1901, Be it therefore resolved, that the said sum of $1502 28 be levied by a rate of 0005 in the $ on every dollar of property mentioned and assessed in the Valuation Roll* nrw in force in this Corporation, and that a by-law be now passed authorizing said levy of $1502.28.
—Carried.
By-law No. 37 was now introduced . —	,	__	¦
and read a first time, on motion of Mayor I DOII t Wl 3 KG Stewart, seconded by Mayor Hayes.
Mayor Adams moves, seconded by Mayor Bam ford, that By-law No. 37 be now read a second time. By-law was read a second time.
Mayor Kennedy moves, seconded by Mayor Lacey, that By-law no 37 be now read a third time short and passed. Bylaw read a third time short and passed accordingly.
Mayor J. B. Sloan moves, seconded by Mayor E. Graham, that whereas the sum of twelve thousand and forty-one dollars
i
:

es*
Here it is ! The Place
%


Bottom Prices.
SKATES
HULL t IB
We are selling at cost.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
a Serious Mistake
Eavetroughing,
Hoofiqg and
Repairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS.
And buy a United Staten History of “ Queen Victoria : Her Life and Reign.' We have the only Canadian book by Lord Dufferin and Castell Hopkins Marquis of Ixirne says “ the best popular history published,'*
Bigge, the Queen's Private Secretary, Hon. Joseph Charnier
and Sir Arthur
,	.	'hi, lord Salis-
bury. S:r Onrcr V ’v\ Lord Tennyson, Karl of Jersey, Dr. c.irm.-m
Cliaa. Topper, Sir William Van Horne, W. T. Stead. His Roya| Highness’ the Duke of York, and all leading papers write in similar strains. I, larger contains more words, better illustrated, better paper, better binding, and only $!.7ô. Agents, don't waste time handling American and inferior books when you can get the authentic, Britiah-Canadian book on better terms.
of agents throwing away opposition prospect uses. If you promise to we will send you an outfit free.
Sir
Hundreds canvass
J
Shawville.
The Bradley-Gairetson Co., Limited,
Brantford, Ont.
of Pontiac
P. S.—Highest price. paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
.303 Calibre
SB
on

Savage Magazine Rifle.
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Only Emmeries Smokeless 6-Shooter.

•«id council that the railway line as projected by tho Pontiac Colonization Railway Company will conduce to the future prosperity and progress of the said county.
Therefore the council resolver, that the granting of a Dominion charter to the said Pontisc Colonization Railway
WILLIAM G. LeROY.
Secretary-Taeasurer of the Corporation of the tint Division of the County of Pontiac.
Finest and safest rifie ever made for largo or small game.
Write for complot* 190* Catalogua.
One rifle UU*. six different «artridges Point Blank IUnge for Hunting.

UTICA, N. Y., U. S. AMERICA.

•»


\
A
i -

.

###PAGE###5###
. I
)




THE EQUITY,
Court Shawville,
No *16.

Spring mu
SPRING 1901 !
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
rmillio IVSHY TBUB4DAY
AT 8HAWVILLE. Co. PONTIAC, qUE.
SUBSCRIPTION-$ t. 00 A TEAR IN AOYAKCE.
jar* No paper stopped until all arrearage* e paid, uo’.oh* by special arrangement with ublieher.

Meet* the 4th Wednei-day of every month.
(Jou rt d ue* muet be paid promptly every month.
Vieil In* brethren cor-I diully Invited.
H H. Barnett,F.B
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT
L.B<
A. SMILEY, Prop.
T. A. Cowan, R si
John Beckett. C. It
riBISfO RATES i
Legal advertising, eight cent* per line f first Insertion nu<l 1«mr ccnU per Hue f each sub sequent Insertion.
Business cards not
gelled atlt.Wper year
Ix>eal announcements Inserted at t of fi ve cents per line for first Insert throe cents I
Commercial advertising by the in' for longer periods inserted ut low rates which will be given on application.
Advertisement* received without Instructions accompanying them will bo Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly, | gjr Your Turn next
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per Hue.
AD\
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH. Proprietor.
s
Our Showing includes all the New Cloths
and Fashionable Shades.
Our Values are acknowledged to be the Best
We claim to be* recognized leaders in HIGH-CLASS DRESS GOODS.
Large assortment of Sample Machinery on hand.
ure the best on the Continent.
A
ilug on» 1
nud
S
hsequeut Intel
r h
ri
foi
or
A Fashionkwm H a ir Cut (k>uD Shampoo, oit A Cuian StfAVB.
ostly all thinking men examine our Stock before buying.
have just received a car of McLaughlin Carriages. They
ive longer and wear better than any in the market.
very person welcome to inspect our stock.
ou will please call and see the many lines we keep.
M
X'
V
See our beautiful Velour Cashmeres,
Satin Amazons, Satinettes, Chevoits,
Serges, Poplins, Silkiiines and Priest... ley’s Famous Black Goods....
I
I
JOB PRINTING
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
All kind* of Jufo Printing neitly and cheaply eaeouUd. Order* t>y mull promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN
and
L
Publisher

JEWELLER
Business Cards.

rt
E
f
\Tt HF..S,
CLOCK 4,
JKWBU.KRT. HlLVBKWA&K Ac. Ac.
MEDICAL
fr;
F. M. A. McNaugbtoi),
-:CRUM’S ENGLISH PRINTS:-
Y
Graduate of Mi Gir.i. UNtvERMnr,’
• fi ** X !
Office—RertMenoe of the late Dr. H. H Kuox. Shaw ville.
Office hours Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
IUmiri*©-
AHesfiAurv
Newest Patterns ! Best Quality ! Lowest Prices !
SHAWVILLE, 0
Special—Ladies’ Figured and Plain Skirts,
Art Muslins and Cretonnes.
GEO. HYNES,
P. S.—Repairs for Frost & Wood, Coultitani & Scott and J. W. Mann Machinery.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
F. T. M. C.
G’ldn.ite of Trinity University, Toronto; Oradiats of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Owe* AMD R&MIDENC# : J. If ÀRMSTIuW» ÜOVS3, MAIN STREET
0
FURNITURE DEALER AND
___	UNDERTAKER,
BOURBEA'J BAIHYILLE, L. L.L., ! SHA.WVILLE, - • QUE. ! |
OUR CARPET DISPLAY
represents the pick and choice of the best manufacturers. The designs are tasty and artistic, and the remarkable part is that prices are so low.
§ 0000000000000000000 §
I
(3 Panorama s
I	j
§ Beauty I
2 ooooooooooooooooooo 2
W	W
SHAWVILLB
1901
1901
O
o
LEGAL.
OR
O
OREMOST
URNITURE.
ADVOC ATE . . BRYSON,
WILL VHIT SHAWVILLB EVERY MONDAY
I
A large, well-selected ami varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at pricey to suit all classes.
WM. GAMBLE,
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.....................
K E EP On Show Window for SPRING HAT YOUR Display. They will arrive about the
EYE
IN UNDERTAKING
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Room % Tru*t Building. No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Out.
At 8hawvlll#, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
*01 co-over Q. F. Hodglnn' Htom, Main St.
I also keep a complete nt-ork of t uue-ral 'Furnishing*, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open da? and night.
1st of March.
0
GEO C. WRIGHT, District and Country
G. F. HODGINS,
We have also a first-class assortment of
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC
or THE PROVING! OK QUKBKC,
CHARGES MODERATE.
SAT! «F ACTION G CAR A NTKED.
PERSONAL A
TERMS REASONABLE
MARTIN’S LAKE
rust Building-
4.K Sparks St Met. Ottawa.
March 22.—'The roads just now are in a very had condition.
Mr. Edgie Martiu has gone hack to the woods, also Mr. W. J, Martin.
Mr. Sam Cole and family arc removed OTTER LAKE & LESLIE. * W. J. Williams, Thomas Reid, r<> Cache Bay.	--- R)bert Kirk
Mr. and Mr*. M. G. Smith, of Quyon, March 25 —Mr. George Palmer, of	F. Sanftenberg, Charles Reid.	- . . .	... an ent..,
are visitinz friend* here. The latter* Bellmount, and ht* ion Charles and Ins Charles Moore. Mrs. W. H. Brown. Notice U hereby given that application tionwHlbe made*to the PvLmenil of rnmeueiooer and Conveyancer. Deeds, brother, Mr. George Martin, was at family are about rem-vingto Clarendon	"	I will be made to the Parliament of Canada Canada at the next neanion thereof for an
Nortgages, etc., executed legally aud »a*.is* Quyon lately and will shortly start for where they have bought a farm.	To Mr. G KO B<iB Palmer.	it Its next session, for an Act to amend Act incorporating a Railway Company to
ytriïX.w w...%	5	: JïifjsrFEEEE5E5
fur some time, i* not improving.	nr. tt. K.tc.je, r. Bryson, was nere Leslie, hereby desire to express our ern Railwry ; to empower it to acquire or 0f Onslow and the mouth of the Dumoim-
Mr. O.	Landry is leiving Aldfield to l*it Saturday and interviewed a pedlir,	j appréciation of	your	work	and	influence	amalgamate with the Pontiac Pacific	River, thence by the moat feasible route to
¦¦	X* .	whom he surprised very much by mak-	among ui.	Junction Railway Company; the Hull	the district drained by the Coulonge,
N,a m,»,..» w — * I S£	^
Mr. K is «ache Leblanc, cook tor Mr. mgaeis t0 render such assistance as you the Ottawa Electric Railway Company, traffic arrangements with anv other I Barnett, the lumberman, ^ haa bought	c'u'd give, you	luve endeared yourself to	the Kingston And Pembroke Kailwa>	way company authorized to build lines of
the St. Pierre f irm on tr.e Beüenore	a'j 0f U3	Company, or any one or more of them, nad	rail way along or near the said route, or
ut.	..I.	f.-h« |.,irr.r%MBsren-'ss.-csrRK
March 25—Mias A nuit Mered.fcihai « ; w prse.i„v anfi	fiv . . ' V I'-9a. >ner* ' ,r‘" ,'r’ yCj | the stock or bond# of any one or more of steamboats and other veswel# ; to acquire,
-£ ™E Es=	1 EECEEÏêSH
mL Kennedy, of Exrdley, was the JiL r^ I , «£'q.,î»k . retain pleasant and gratefulmemor- timber lands and the products thereof ; to | ,lo,ks and elevat or*, and to carry on busi-.t Mieeae ( VDiinn»,! la*t wppV	^^ Joa>	fq arnart <v mita, ies of you, and shall pravsifu’.y hope acquire, erect, use. and dispose of pulp, ness "ax general carrier* and warehouse
n *T ' p » :.i • I ' * U .Ij iftV Shawville, was hero this week.	i that you in the evening time of your life and paper mills ; and to acquire, use and mt,n : ttnd t0 construct and operate tele-
SHBBiSBSEa»	SiESF MataPMil
is.8!". wononpu1 ^	- <*	r¦“0,“'	&«*••£ z=L_------------------------- ^' maresto.
Bbawvl.le.uaf. I on for some time, tie is employed as	Ipbert Kirk, .eorge Urey,	¦	Solicitor* for Applicants.
engineer for Mr. Brown’ee, Radford.	F. Sanftenberg, Laarles Pweid.	|	f* i i j g|	j
We are pleaied to hear of Mrs. C. A | M^rch 19.—An event of more than or-	^ varies Moore, Mrs. VV. H. Brown.	-I	I-	F™ 1 I 1 8 i j	I
Leader s convalescence after a severe dinary interest bock place at the home of	Suitable replies being made to both ad-1	V ¦	Ml	EeeelnlVFI	"	*
**!. J.	Messrs. George and Charles Palmer on dresses; the rest of the evening was given
Mrs. Fyles, of Lavis, is the guest of evening of Mir. 7. Some time ago, up to social intercourse, games, refresh-her daughter, Mrs. F. A. Davis, of | when it was learned that the Messrs. Pal- ments, etc.—Com
mer had b ought a farm in the townshipof	---—
Clarendon, it was felt that before they Rev. Father Picot e, formir'y of Bry-should move away from us some way soa, Quebec, has been appointed parish must be found of wishing them God-speed, priest at Warren, Ont.
jurJütss stsiii k	Er ^«
postmaster.	At the close of this part of the program ,p
Miss Maggie McCredie, of Shawville, the object of the meeting was stated, and Cvbk kor Smallpox.—1The frequency was the guest of Miss Bowman, of Ot- the following address was presented :	of isolated outbreaks of smallpox in re-
tv el* .i,. ™,.d ,t. i- »,.... «»uc„..™
capital.	Dear Mr. and Mrs. I aimer,—Ou this out the provinca generally in view of
Mr. John Park lost a valuable cow on the eve cf your departure from us, we,	the following will be read with
Saturday.	your old friends and neighoors, hereby	intere|t .	u { am wiiling t0 rjek	my reru.
Miss Livina Richards returned from	desire to express our appréciai on o you	tationas a	public	man,"	writes	Edward	_____
Arnpiior. Also Miss Maggi* Lothian; an^,?°tura:	,	_	Bine to the Liverpool Mercury,11 that the « > tit ornmm OTTAUnriTTn
if we may judge from the length of their ^hile deep y regretting yr-ur ren a , worflt cage Ims||p0x can be cured in	MAIN STREET. " SHÀWV ILLEi
ii.it it must have been a pleasant one.	assure you that we will not scon for-	B	!¦	1 I ¦	¦	¦
Mr. Tom Corrigan visite 1 friends at	get you, nor your active and kmd.y in-
Elnrtide last week.	terest in all that pertained to the highest
We hear that some of the Shawville	well-being of our neighborhood,
girls would like to lake a Bath although it	sincerely wish fur you m your new home
is still winter.	every temporal and spiritual blessing,
Miss Hunter is the guest of Mrs. A. snd we entertain the hope that your de-McKechnie at present.	motion to God and His ever needy
Mrs. McCredie brought a good aeaort- ehurch will not only win for you new ment of millinery from Toronto this friends, but will continue to you the unu _k	ceasing approval of Him who is Lord of
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
SHAWVILLE.
J. GRAHAM
Phone No. 1324.
Attends court* of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
NOTICE.
NOTICE.
W. W. IRELAND,
George Carey
Clerk of the District Magistrales' Court
factor! ly
ÇUE
SHAWVILLE
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
Mettle at. Lisle
NOTARY FOR THE

Mr
farm of Mr. W.J, Martin
Snowdrift
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will be In Shawville on Tuesday and Sat urday of every week.
rai
QUYON
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
J. J. TURNER,
baud for «aie: Office
HOTELS
AVIS.
St. Lawrence Hall,
illness
DEALER IN
AND MANUFACTURER OF ALL KINDS OF
Avis eht donne par le prient qu’une demande sera adrewée au parlement, du Canada, à sa prochain t session, add d’obtenir un acte coasflruaoi eu corporation une compagnie de chemin defer pour construire une voie ferrée partant de quelque point sur la rivière Ottawa, dans le comté de Pontiac, dans eu entre le township d’Onslow et 1’em bouchère de la rivière Dumoine, de la par la route la plus practicable jusqu’ou district arrosé par les rivières Coulonge, Noire et Du moine, et de la au nord jusqu’à la rive de la Bay James ; et pour fusioner, passer un bail ou faire des arrangements de traffic avec toute autre compagnie de chemin de fer autoaisée à construire des lignes de chemin de fer le long ou près de ladite route, ou toute partie d'icelle ; avec pouvoir de construire des lignes d embranchement ; posséder, affréter et naviguer des bateaux à vapeur et autres vais-seaex ; acquérir, exploiter et depose: des mines, nriéreaux et de leurs produite, de terres à bois, de chutes d'eau et privilèges hydrauliquers ; acheter, utilizer et vendre de l'eleotricité pour toute tins que ce soit; construire, acquérir, maintenir et exploiter des tramways, ponts, passages d’eau, oiilins, quais, docks et élévateurs, et exercer l'industrie de voituriers et d'enter-poseurs en général ; et construire et exploiter des lignes de télégraphe et de téléphone le long de la route du dit chemin de fer, ou s’y raccord, et transmettre des messages pour des tins commerciales, et
ce service. %
¦ BETHUNE,
Sollicituers des requérants.
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. Table aud Bar always well furnished.
First-clash Livsar Attacubd.
Quyoa

Hough and Dressed
ELMSIDE
Lumber Shingles, Ssc.
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
SASH and
DOOR
J

o
i
PLANING & MATCHING
done to order
—ALL KINDS OF—
CUSTOM SAWING
Interior & Exterior
done as cheaply as the cheapest
Highest Cash Price paid for all kinds of sound Logs, Shingle Bolts, dec.
FINISH FOR
Souses & Verandahs
V /
MAKUFAVTURED
three daye by the use of cream of tarter. One ounce of cream of tarter dissolved in
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, â<\ *<t,
Kef t in stock and Bade to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULAR!"RICES
* pint of hot water, drank at intervals when cold, is a never-failing remedy. It
We
l m
GOODS WELL SOUGHT
ARE HALF SOLD
has cured thousands, never leaves a mark, never can ses blindness, and avoids tedious lingering/’

i
McCREDIE& HODGINS.
To bay well, watch the laUstprii formation in tbe special TRADE
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Good* Review The Bookseller end Stationer.
-	Simnlti Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.

PRESS
Estimate» furnished.
A Card
lever des péages pour CHRYSLER et I
We, the undesigned, do hereby agree to refund the money on a 50-cent bottle of Greene’s Warranted Syrup of Tar if it fails to cure your cough or cold. We success.	also guarantee a 25 cent bottle to prove
Signed on behalf of your neighbors and satisfactory or money refund*!.
frjends	Shawville Drug Co.
prc
all
Hoping that you will accept this short The Observer hears that a new skating address as a slight token of our hearty rink is to be built in Pembroke, to be in appreciation, we again wish you all good readiness for next winter. It is to cost between $7,000 and $10,000 and to be built on the lot next the Observer office.
After an absence of six years from her native country, Madame Albani, the great Canadian singer, is making a tour of the principal cities in the Dominion, and is being greeted by immense audiences.
< >ttuw&, 2 janvier 1901
Advertise in The Equity*


###PAGE###6###
\

.

CHILDREN’S COLUMN.
la9leia Cotillon FbtOW.
"H'EEBHE.	.........
a certain amount of glitter and tinsel I \yhere we wrre boarding iu the cotMry undoubtedly adds very much to tho epec- lhere were 17 mt!o wueus. New 1 sup-tuiular effect of the room souvenus or a I p0Be those of you who have klttsasmake less perishable nature are much mow 1 gl.eat pets 0j them, and they are very appreciated by the recipients, lnej I tame, but the ones I am going to tell
nvvessaiily he valuable, a I I y0U 8)x)ut were wild and would run without sayuig that the | awny the moment auy one eanui •year
GRACE OF MOVEMENT.
CAUGHT IN HIS OWN BEAR TRAP
I AN HOUR WITH ONCLE SAM
NOTES AND COMMENTS
Muflier* Hair Turitft! While by III I? (counter With Wolves.
With his hnir turned, gray In an evening from, terror and his nerves shattered so that he despairs of ever being a well man again, Floyd .1. (Staff 1er, aged 2i2, has come dut of the wilds of northern Minnesota after au experience that gave him all he wanted, of ths wo>ds and more, too, For several hours ha wag caught la a bear trap in He It rami county and surrounded by wolves tbit threatened his life. His gray hair* and shaken nerves are the result of that cx-
IT IS AN ESSENTIAL IN THE ART OF FEMININE LOVELINESS.
| For many years the French have tA*n considering the feasibility of crossing the Sahara in a balloon, but thus far lack of experience in longdistance aerial rides and the difficulty of obtaining perfectly gas-tight balloon material to last for so long a trip, have prevented its execution. Lately the Paris Aero Club has taken lip the subject in earnest. In view of the energy with which this club conducts all its work, and the pride manifested in their performances by each members as Count De la Vaulx and Cessât Castillon de St. Victor,
there can, be little doubt of the ultl*
One
PERSONAL AND OTHER NEWS ABOUT THE BUSY YANKEE.
t'nconecloo* Knee of Motion Is Tjp-leal of lleflneuient nml Good Dreading nod Is the Nuturnl Inheritance of the Gentlewoman.
Neighbourly Inleresl In lilt Holnge — Mullers of Moment anil Mlrih l.alhvreil From Ills Revovil*.
need uot
îSM.‘i,":r I'**"*» Hr., «hat «te often
given are highly appreciated, but they 0ne Jay ft mtlo boy ,oft h,g hât on the
might be something that van be kept. chopping block near the barn and i found
“Where did ibis come from/ asked n the three little kittens which you see In
book lover recently, picking up n delicious tbe p|cturo f8,t asleep In It. IIow they
bound in Bolt
Thomas A. Edison’s motto is, "Never
So devot ed to 1 ks
It Is an amazingly intricate problem why any human mortal should raise his or her eyebrows mud proceed to scoff at another human mortal's desire to be attractive and pretty. Surely the desire of ^e beauty seeker Is contemptible only when It breeds vanity microbes and thus detracts from the pursuit of mental beauty. In rational, hygienic, good sense beautifying the tremendous value of having your wits with you is not overlooked.
Why should one not wish to be sweet to know, pleasant to talk with, dainty and lively to look upon? There Is no reason the face of this happy old world of ours against it. It Is entirely natural, wholly consistent and quite normal.
These are distinctly the days of correct grooming. The dust must be moved from one's intellect and removed from the tips of one’s walking boots. In the most trilling detail the results of cleanliness are manifested. To go about with ragtags floating from your silk petticoat is to insult society—so long as you possess a noodle and a bit of thread and five minutes of spare time. To perambulate like autocall is to make a waddling silly
watch the clock ¦ work is ho that h# frequently work-sixteen hours at a stretch without noting the. passage of time.
E. Q. Dingley, son of Lho late Congressman Dingley, gives promise of
taking his father's place in Maine politics. He is now a member of the Legislature, and is receiving favourable mention as a candidate for Gor-
little volume of poems
^ ••That évas ons of my favors last night nt Mrs. %.'* dunce," answered his daugh-
got In there I do not know. I went to
ter
&
Now. that la worth having!" exclaim-
If you would always
>
pcricnco.
lie went into the woods with a party of lumbermen. One afternoon lie went to visit a bear trap set some distance from campy lowed a route different from the usual one, and in consequence reached the trap before he was aware of it. In, fact, the first notice ho had of it was a click and a snap, and then an excruciating pain in his leg as the trap’s jaws doled on his right leg just above the ankle through the trousers, logging* and two pairs of sockand bit into the flesh.
Staff 1er dropped his gun., and with a cry of pain knelt clown to try to pry the jiws of the trap open. Then he remembered tint it had taken two men to pet it and that it was too strong for him. Ilis effort* to freo himself
etl her father . bring home something hko that instead of
that trumpery rubbish you litter up
with, it would be worth

s&.
Æ
ernor.
The move mentis of gold from Australia to the Pacific coast are becoming important. Some time ago the shipment was announced of £800,000 from Australia to San Francisco, and another £700,000 is likely to bo shipped soon.
The most densely populated spot in
the United States is the block of tenement houses» in New York bounded by Gist and 62nd streets and 10th and 11th avenues
showed, live 3,087 persons, most of them negroes.
Otto II. Tittmann., recently appointed head of the United States coast and geodetic survey, has been
in that branch of Government ser-
1867. lie accompanied the
mate success of the scheme of the most important factors in such
your room
while.11	. . .
Dainty little volumes are certainly one of the most charming and acceptable of favors, and if tied with broad ribbon they look quite as effective as some senseless confection of tissue paper and artificial flowers. They will probably not cost any more, and the donor will have the satisfaction of knowing that
the souvenir of her dance will be cher- the house for my camera, but when I re. . ,	turned the hat was empty. Well, I had
1 a time to find those kittens—one had hidden under the barn, another under the Now I am not of that number who be- wood pile and the one you see In the raid-liew that all a mother's time should be die of t|>e picture was under the piazza, of yourself and to impart n picture of gjven to bcP children. 1 believe that for At last we caught them and put them in awkward locomotion upon pedestrians, tbp highest good of both they should have the hat. Rut such a time as we had to who are entitled to look upon pleasanter ft tfm(l cav|, day npttrt, but this season of make them stay there! First one would sights. To he stoop shouldered and dou- reiaXution does nut necessitate the turn- go out and then another; I suppose they bled up with a contracted chest is to jug over of one's babes to the street or to thought it was fun, but I did uot. At gradually nip off years of your life, one lllp mPrcy 0f one’s neighbors.	last, after working nearly all the morn-
after the other, tike the paper pages of a Attend* to church matters, sing In ing, I got them to behave like good little calendar.	choirs, belong to clubs, if ye must, oh, ye kittens, nml this picture shows you just
Among the lessons to he learned In mo||lvra—l would uot curtail your privi* how they looked when I snapped the your'School of self beautifying is that of p,gos- but remember that your first duty camera.—K. E. K. In Brooklyn Eagle, acquiring a graceful carriage. To lop to your (j0d nnd to society is to your and lunge like n schooner in* n gale, to children. Remember, too, that children stalk along with ungainly, angular uml ^niething move than mere restraint Since the troubles between China and strides, ns if you were made of sheet aud government; they need love, fellow- the other nations began the boys and iron, with tin rivets for joints; to toddle and sympathy in order to allow the girls of America have learned much aimlessly here, there and off the side- buddjng faculties to grow. As children about the children of the great empire of walk, like a leaf blown from a tree—these |oarn conduct by direct imitation, they the yellow men of Asia. Few, however, methods of perambulation are not lovely. gbou|d bnve their models constantly be- It Is probable, have solved tho question of Kenlly, they aren't.	fore them, and these must Ik? supplied by Chinese names—a puzzle that confronts
Women of the stage understand better lbv persons who help to form the envi- every city boy or girl every time he op than any other class the tremendous im-	ronnH.„t> it will therefore not do to act	she goes by the	Chinese laundry on	the
portance of beauty of face and figure.	in oue wnv niui instruct in another, to	way to school.	But to the Chinese	bog
But even with these two very important bave olie standard for oneself and quite or girl it is doubtless all simple enough, requirements they realize that they are	nnothvr for them. Yet this is what par-	Take the name	of Li Hung Chang,	for
uot past graduates in the art of loveliness	ent8 aud guardians with more or less	Instance—the best known Chinaman	llv-
until they have cultivated a certain grace pretense regularly do. “Consistency, ing today. Any Chinese boy or girl would of movement.	, thou art » jewel!”—L. M. Townsend In say It was easy enough. Li is Ids fauiiig
To move about	with	an	unconscious	yÿoman»8 Borne Companion.	name ami means plmu.	The only differ-
that is typical of refinement, good	-------------—	once between LI Uuug Chang's name
breeding and tho natural inheritance of	Snccemful u* n Caterer.	and the name of Mr. I’lum, who may live
the gentlewoman—that is grace.	A Chicago woman has adopted a novel in your town, is that the great Chinese
To make sharp angles of yourself every fovm ()f Bering us a business. Her spe- diplomat “puts his lust name first” and time you sit down and to look like a tele- cia|!y |j(,9 |n using what the hostess lias Mr. Plum of America “puts it last," graph pole or a bent over Christmas tree	bnndj which gives an air	of individual-	where you	should any any	man's	last
time you stand up—that is awk-	j.	tbat no |,jred Fvrvice	of eldna nud	name ought	to be.
...JL. L	plate can secure. The cut glass, silver The American boy or	girl does pretty
Everything that	helps	toward	mental	u|]d artistic odds and ends of china are	well these days if he or she is given more
or physical beauty culture assists in the pjapcj to tbe	advantage, original than three names, as Mary Ellen Joues
acquirement of graceful movements. 1Il(K]es 0( decoration are devised and a or Charles William Brown. Some of
Breathing exercises that till out the chest, dain(y mcml arranged. She never en- them arc presented with only two, w hile
gowns that nve properly cut and fitted, couragt.s more than eight courses, and once in awhile some of us are given calisthenics that round the muscles aud ^ hostesses who have profited by her four. But the Chinaman lias any minima ke the flesh firm.	services say that her dinners arc invaria-	her before he grows up.	As a baby ho
Zolie de Lussnn. in gn Interview;, was	_	Buvce88fuli	receives his	“milk”	name. Then when
questioned concerning the cultivation of	jn Edition to the dining	room this en-	he enters school his	“school"	name,	nnd
gracefulness. Being herself remarkable ,tic young WOman looks after the re- when he is grown his title or “life for a well poised head and a charmingly tion aud dressing rooms. In the for- name.- Chicago Record.	.
graceful carriage, she spoke with author- w ghe mmngei the bric-a-brac and
ity.	..	.„ din cni,i furniture, having superfluous chairs re-
“Perbaps you have noticed, she said,	moved or others added when needed. In	,	nl,
“the grace and case of movement of n	iattep she sees that pins and hairpins	when Abraham returned from the	pur-
young child. But, strange to say, when	^ ,eutiful in tUeir	respective trays,	suit f>t Chedorlaomer. king of Elam.	who
that child grows older it may develop	needle and thread are at hand In had taken prisoner Ids nephew Lot he
into the most awkward youngster in the	of accldent to glovo button or lace was met lLv Melchlsedec, king of Salem,
fts
seems so inexplicable comes with the ‘k •_________________the name of tho city afterward called
arrival of the age of self consciousness, j	women Planiste.	Jerusalem, or “tho inheritance of peace."
¦¦
off the outer self, the constantly recurring ous comment. Nowadays it passes as a thoughts as to what some one else thinks matter of course, about one. Interest the mind in the role one is playing, but keep in mind that good poise nnd perfection of movement are necessary to success. That is all The little details, like the pose of a hand.
, will take care of As n matter of practice
Ho fol
undertakings, the necessary money, presents no difficulties in France, Cohere there arc rich men always ready to encourage this particular
The plan' is to start
ou
form *f sport from Gabes, on tho coast near 1 unis, nnd go over Ghadames to Timbuktu the Niger, because it has been observed that tho prevailing winds are In that general direction lance Is about 1.437 miles, and observations prove that for three months the wind blows pretty constantly
this stretch of country at a rate
A free
8RR RM “LOOK PLEASANT."
cm
In this block, the ecu
The teeth cut
A Women’s First Defy,
The dis-
sus
an
ever
#f eighteen miles an hour balloon ought to cross the< Sahara Desert in about eighty hours longest recorded balloon trip was made by Do la \ aulx and Castillon dc
They went from Paris
vice since transit of Venus expedition to Japan as assistant astronomer in 1874. He has served on many important coin-
and in 1895 represented his
The
musions.
Government at the international geodetic conference in Berlin.
Mrs. Catherine Bechtel and Mrs.
LACERATED HIS FLESH.
lie thought of unfastening tho chain and dragging the trap to camp, two miles distant, but xvl found that it was impossible only was the trap too heavy for him, but at every step its weight brought the teeth deeper into tho flesh of his
6t. Victor to Kiew in Russia, a distance of 1,313
miles, in thirty-six hours.
Chinese Boys* Many Names
Susan Kulp, both of whom live on
farms near Collegeville, Va., arc said
to bo tho oldest of lixing twins. They born in 1814, and hnvo just celc-
ho tried ho

Not
It is still a very important question whether a balloon can be kept for nearly four days at a stretch. This question came up in relation to
Andrees North Pole trip. The effects of the sun’s rays must be overcome by other means throwing out ballast or letting out gas. This can be accomplished partially by attaching a number of drag
Andreo did. 1? his case.
were
hr a tod their eighty-sixth birthday Contrary to the usual fact, these long-lived twins do not resemble each other in the least. In their youth they looked so little alike that many people even doubted that they were sisters.
It costs William K. Vanderbilt eight dollars every time he crosses the 34th street ferry at New York
with bis automobile
A city ordinance pro! t.s his crossing the river on a regular boat xx ith his automobile xvithout taking out all of the gasolene used in propelling it. This necessitates much trouble, and Mr. Vanderbilt has made arrangements xvith the Long Island Railroad Company to cross the river by a special boat at an expense of eight dollars a trip.
up

leg
Then ho bethought himself of his rifle, and fired several shot*, hoping the sound w<xuld reach tho camp, bur the wind was blowing in tho xvrong direction, and the effort failed. He fought off a feeling of faintness that came o\\*r him, for he feared that if he fainted ho would freeze to death. As dusk drew on ho fired several more shots, a* tho wind had died away and ho had mure hope that tho sound xvould roach camp. Then ho xva* confronted by a new terror.
Ho heard tho pattering of feet in tho xvoods, and tho sound of a long, mournful howl xx or ing cries from other xvolves, drawing nearer in answer to the call of tho first xvolf. >oon tho underbrush seemed alive with them, and ho could see their eyes shining. e
He struggled to a sitting position and filled the chambers of his rifle xvith cartridges
mhhhpihhvhhii
thorn trotted forth from tho woods, and he could sec their dark forms scurrying about as they made a detour, drawing nearer as they ran. They seemed to be planning tho final approach.
Staff 1er fired. Tho xvolx'es scattered, but did not run away. They sat down on their haunches nnd watched him. Stuffier fired again and again, but he was nervous and frightened and shot xvildly.
Every time ho ceased the wolves began to draw in on him. and Stuffier believed that it was only a question of minutes before the xvolves would
than that of
The White
ease
ropes, as
however, the scheme failed because a large part of the rope he intended to take xvas accidentally forgotten and left behind. Tho method pursued is
The balloon is so heavily
Ghost
every ward ness
BS follows
loaded that a part of the rope drags the ground. When the heating of the balloon’s gases causes * to rise, it raises a part of the ropes from the earth and thus becomes as much heavier as its buoyancy has increased. If tho balloon has a tendency to fail it re duos* i& weight because part of jLhe rope thon lies on tho ground. Friction, of course, comes into play also but in a subordinate degree. Its greatest effect will be to prevent great a velocity. In this way the ballast on board the balloon be utilized to counteract the dif-
L'hen came ans-
on
A FLYING TORPEDO.
The wolves drew Suddenly at*)ut ft do*cn of
A Remarkable Srlf-Kreprllrd rrojeellle of
n Swedlib leieiiier.
Major Ungc of the Swedish Army has spent several years in perfecting a torpedo for bis Government
trials of his inventions have

An Ancient llnler.
We rend in the book of Genesis that
and
too
many
been made during the past few years at the proving grounds of the Swedish Royal Artillery at Marma cently tho Government made him a grant out of the revenue of the State to enable him to make trials of his latest form of self-moving torpedoes, intended to carry large charges of high explosives for considerable distances through the air.
The object of these experiments is
to determine the accuracy of aim attainable, the extreme rang» and the rffrets of the explosion ¦¦¦¦¦ peri men ta arc to be conducted in the presence of artillery officers appointed by the Inspector of Artillery.
The torpedo itself is like an elongated shell in general appearance and is propelled through tho air entirely by a succession of impulses produced within tho torpedo, resulting from the ignition of a slow burning gas-producing composition. The gases liberated gradually increase in pressure and produce motion by their cape through the passages of a turbine placed at the base of tho torpedo. The increase of velocity, like the of pressure of the gas, is, of very gradual, consequently, there is no shock, it can be charged even with very sensitive high explosives.	.	.
Having its source of motion within
itself the torpedo need not be of great mass to overcome tho resistnucc of the air, nnd so most of its weight be utilized to carry explosive-. The
ant we
Re-
can
fusion of gases through the balloon material. The rate of speed will be diminished by friction about six and tw^-thirds miles an hour, so that the entire distance across the Desert of Sahara will require for transit about 130 hours. If the wind fails, there will, of ccurse, be great danger. The ,Von Zeppelin airship might be used ,with advantage, as it can make about twenty-five miles1 in an hour in a calm, and tho entire distance could
be
TEARING HIS BODY.
lie was almost ready to turn the rifle on himself when ha heard, a human vube near at hand, and ho sank back in a faint. As his friend* from the camp cam3 to his relief tho xvolves scattered and several were killed.
His -companions made a stretcher and carried him back to camp, where they dressed hi* xvounds as Lest they could. When they got into the light of the fire one of them started.
“My God 1“ he exclaimed. “He’s gray headed 1“
And he xvas right. Staffer's hair, black that day, had turned almost white.
llis comrades explained that they had heard his shot* shortly after dark, and thought little of them at first, bdiexdng that ho had either found a bear in tho trap and xvas despatching it, otr that h3 xvas shooting at other game. When the shots continued they became alarmed and made their xvay to the spot as rapidly as possible. It is their belief that they arrived in the nick of time.
When Staff 1er reached Duluth on his way home be xvas supported by a big woodsman, for he xvas unable to walk alone. Ills snow while hair in contrast to his evident youth attracted much attention, aud so did his story. He i l now rest ing at home, and it will b3 a long time before he will seek tho wools again.
These ex
X
1
1
then be covered under favorable conditions in two days and a half the other hand, if the wind blexv about eighteen miles an hour, only thirty-two hours xvould be required.
i
On
m
V

s
r,
¦s
/


y
THE OLDEST MUMMY.

ca-
ll Is Over 8,00# Wears Old and New lies In «lie ItrtiMi Mu,rum.

1
The oldest mummy Ln the world lies iiT’the Egyptian Room of the British Museum xvhere it has been brought from tho west bank of tho Upper Nile, by ur. Wallis Budge. In the museum
it presents a grim spectacle, lying up-its left side xvith knee* drawn up almost cm a level with the chin | head, too. xvhich has tufts of reddish hair still clinging, bends slightly forward, hiding the left hand, while the right hand entirely blackened, is -held in front of th> face.
The body is not. a mummy in the that it* neighbors in the
____ Ü , It was not shrouded in
linen or otherwise enclosed in a painted receptacle, but seems to have been
In length it is
increase
course,
MELCHI3EDBC.
Venetian Women.	I All that we know of Melchisedec Is
Venetian women are the subject of I that he was “a priest of the most high envy, as they refuse to be influenced by I God.” He is the only gentile king men-fashion’s caprices. Their costumes arc I tionvd in the Bible who was not an idol-always dark, plainly made nnd neither I ater. This is strange, as the only poo-short nor long, and they always wear I pje 0f whom we know as inhabiting Jem-black stockings. The universal open air I galem, before the Israelites captured it, garment for all ages aud all sizes in I were Jebusites, a tribe of Canaan iteo, Venice is the black shawl, with deep I worshipers of idols, from whom th? city silken fringe, folded with a short point I was called Jehus. Those over whom Mel-above and n low point below. Sometimes I cfcisedec ruled must have belonged to an it wraps the figure about from head to I earlier race whose history is lost., foot. It is never fastened at the throat, I gt. Paul writes In the epistle to the and when it slips off it is gathered up I Hebrews that Melchisedec was without with one outstretched arm. Hats are I father and without mother, no-1 this led unknown. The heelless slipper of the I gome men of the old time to believe that east is universally worn. In matters of Ke was a celestial being—superior to the dress the women of Venice are indepond-1 angels and much more than u mert ruler ent, wearing purely local clothes, but | meu in the aucient cast.—Chatterbox, with feminine inconslsti ncy they follow the fashion of tho outside world in the arrangement of the hair, and the coiffures change from year to year, according to the modes in vogue in Paris.
as
on
The
the sweep of a gown
themselves.
Btudv the ways and means to overcome crudities. But while on the stage live the part and forget self.” — Chicago Times-Ilcrald. /
nm
pedo ex b on	riking.
The turbine causes the projectile, to rotate about its longer axis and thus insures steadyness and accuracy in flight. As soon as tbc torpedo has acquired a certain rapidity of rotation a special apparatus, which effects the explosion of the charge# striking, comes into play automatically by the centrifugal force of rota-
^ The torpedo is fired out of a light and simple tube, which serves the purpose, merely giving it the desired direction and elevation and is consequently cheap and easy to transport.	.	- -
The Silence Cloth.
A bride who Is preparing her household furnishings has hit upon what she con aiders a clever plan nud all her friend*-•re being initiated into thf secret. It b the felt covering to put under table cloths, upon which she Is working our her ingenious scheme. The ends of th* covering often develop a tendency to np pear at inconvenient times below the table cloth at the corners. The new plan is to round off the corners, making them s-i short that by no unhappy chance can they be seen at any time. Then, with thick embroidery cotton, the whole covering is buttonholed around the edge, improv Ing Its general appearance.
This clever young woman has another plan. Upon every floor of her new three story house five essentials shall always be found, so she declares, because there ia hardly an hour in the day when one or the other or all are not needed, and time Is saved by having them always at hand. The essentials are pins, needles, thread, scissors and a knife.—Exchange.
sense museum are.
on
saturated bitumen.# I ¦
5 feet 9 inches it* hands are of
GUNS WON’T KICK AFTER THIS.
eo me
a delicate smallness, while its skull is of the long-headed pattern. TM only trace of the wild adventurous life the body must hive led in the land of the living is the broken forefinger of the right hind. Tbctre is no inscription by which its age may be. definitely ascertained but it is at least 8.000 years old, for the ancient Egyptians knew the use of metal and could write; they also embalmed all their bodice very carefully. Of the former there were no traces, and the lack of linen or winding sheets proves almost conclusively that the body lived before such things were known to exist
The
Irrirli f'onnl II.is Invented n Device ta
Obviate Kecoll.
Count Justimen Clary has Just invented and patented a wad that greatly reduces the recoil of a gun. He has been working with this object
in view for a considerable time, and encountered many obstacles, he has apparently hit upon the right idea. His patent is a very thick wad perforated with holes, which to placed under the powder discharge, giving the needed space in which the explosion can gain more elasticity. The new invention reduces the recoil between 50 and 75 per cent., as experiments have proved. Of course this extra space reduces the speed slightly, but the addition of a little explosive overcomes this difficulty Baden et Cio, the famous gunmakers of the Faubourg St. Hontire, Paris, have the highest opinion of Comte Clary’s invention.
The Mnm Family.
There Is a funny family,
Of which 1 often hear.
In which the difference in lias To me mm» very queer.
The fsmily. 1 Judge, is «nail;
Two aeems to be the eum,
And Minnie Mum the one is called;
Tlie other, Max l Mum.
Now Minnie Mum is always shown To be exceeding small,
While Max L Mum a giant la, 1 So very large and tall.
But hand In hand they march about , As fond as fond can be,
And proud they are to let the world Their striking contrast see
This thought I might have given you Ip one short rhyming verse,
And that would be the minimum,
Or. what woqld be much worse. Through stanzas something like a scorn 1 might let hum To tell the «une, and that, you see,
The torpedoes thus far tested contained about six pounds of explosive and had a range of about 5.0U0 yards, but it is claimed that the larger torpedoes, carrying about 330 pounds of explosive, will attain a range of 10,000 yards.
This weapon, according rto the report of the Swedish Artillery Commis* _, may prove of great value in vertical fire, particularly in attacking fortified places and aiming at objects placed behind defensive works and in coast defence. Moreover, wherever the nature of the country makes the transportation of ordinary artillery practically Impossible this weapon account of the lightness of its material will also come into play, since even the largest forms of it are easily transported by land or water# i

The Mother nnd the Home.
The average woman who Is a wife and mother, with n home to take care of, cannot engage in profitable work outside of her home without detriment to her domestic interests. If she attempts It, either the machinery of the home Itself, the wisest training of her child or children, or her own mental growth or physical strength will suffer. There are exceptions, but superlatively clever women are rare—about ns rare ns superlatively clever men. — Edward Bok In Ladies’ Home Journal.
Now
IMS
sion
r I f they CAN’T HELP IT.
* It seems to me, said the lovely Mrs.
Kaflippe, that society isn’t what it
.was when I began going out.
INo her gentle friend replied, I suppose it isn’t, but then you must remember that nearly everything else has changed along with society during the past 40 or 50 years.
~ CONFLICT OF AUTHORITY, f
How quiet uncle is this morning 1 I , Ym his #orns and his rheumatism ioo’t indicate the same kind of wsa-
Ktort
rlet
Have nothing for show. Let you:	A Linen Party,
rooms look as if they were lived In. Pro A linen party is certainly very gratify-vide convenient cases for your books ing to the girl about to be married-espe-comfortable chairs to sit In, tables o. Hally If she contemplates keeping house, desks at which one can write with com The hostess had a large cornucopia, made fort pleasant pictures or engravings V of a sheet, suspended from the ceiling.
4
on
Mr

t
A GOOD COOK.
Is your wife a good cook, Chris tie?
You bet. 6o good that she never insists on my eating what she has cooked
PROBABILITIES, | '
Will nothing induce you to change
your mind and marry? he asked. Another man might, phe replied.


r
fcü
X
1
I ,
à

###PAGE###7###
PAGE (S) ABIMEE (S)


fl








I
I
[MONEY TO KEEP TIE KIN G ! REFORM IN BBITISH AMI
MfWiWlWiWi VWWAVWA |VA VAVAWWiWAW>^
j Agricultural Î
running water Ui not present, the ter in the tank should be changed frequently. Milk should not be stored near manure piles or any other strong smelling material, as it is so very susceptible to taints. In hauling to the factory a cover should he placed over the cans. This will keep out the dust, and in hot weather he some protection from the hot sunshine. The cover must he clean, or It will be use-lews to prevent the entrance of dirt.
The winy from the factory may he responsible for poor milk. The whey lank should he scrupulously clean. In fact, the entire factory should he an object lesson to the patron in cleanliness. All cans should be emptied at once on reaching the farm, and the cans cleaned. This precaution is too often neglected, and the fermenting whey stands in the hot nun for hours. It is very difficult to clean such cans so they shall he odorless.
In conclusion—if the patron can he induced to observe the precautions mentioned, the problem of pure milk may he solved, and a serious menace to the prosperity of the cheesernaker and patrons removed. The whole matter is a serious question, of cleanliness from beginning to end, clean milk U pure milk.
wa
sort* should be
Nut and
nuts, and many ground before being eaten fruit sand w to be s should go into tlie
school lundi basket.
Whole wheat broad U desirable once
& day. ,
8 le wed fruits arc wholesome, prunes and figs requiring no sugar, but hours
of soaking.	.
Don't be too hurried to out fruit
fox breakfast.
he Home
THE LAND REVENUES OP THE CROWN AND CIVIL LIST.
THERE ARE TWO MANY RICH N0JT-PROFESSIONAL OFFICERS.
THE PROBLEM OF PURE MILK.
One of the most serious problems confronting the factorymen is the question of a better milk supply. The Impurities present in the milk so
c::	%z:
hull cu„ ut sugar, a pinch of salt, Prccvss „t manufacture If the milk eup sweet milk, two cups of flour, b Impure the cheese will not be of
baking powder. For first-dais quulily. The cheeeemaker
usc<l. fiioy do much to eliminate taints by the uae of starters but he cannot
There Is but
one way by which the quality of milk two may he improved. The farmers must nî one be educated in the care of the milk,
Bhould bo able
tirorge 1(1. Fir*# Monnrrli *o •iirrrrdrr Ills Inlcrr*! In I lie* Crown Linds—
W Imt llir Mtf Queen Bfrflvnl,
The second statute of the first Parliament of lier l,i#e Most Gracious Majesty was "An Act for the support of her Majesty’s Household and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.”
By this act the Queen surrendered Lo the public for her life and six months thereafter the land revenues of the Crown, receiving in return an annual Civil List allowance of £383,000 made ua as follows:
Her Majesty's Privy Purse Salaries, of Household.
Expenses cf Household Royal Bounty, Etc.
Unappropriated.......
George III. was the first sovereign to surrender his life interest in the Crown lands to the nation, in return for which he received a fixed Civil List of £800,000, subsequently increased to £900,000. He also enjoyed a considerable income derived from some minor sources of revenue which were not included in the bargain. Yet, notwithstanding, «Parliament during , | this reign had to pay off debts on the Civil List amounting in the whole to £3.398,(100 says the London Times.
This arrangement was continued on the accession of George IV., when the Scotch and
IRISH LAND REVENUES, i were first surrendered, and again on | cl the accession of William IV., who received a Civil List of £510,000, of which £110,000 was appropriated to the Privy Purse of the King and Queen.
There is no doubt that in the time of
Tim I'eit of LKIng I* Too nigh—Heed #f llvfarra In Ulrerllan of Weeding Oui lieii Who lluhT Army for gonial Kern*#*#
, IN SOAR LET FEVER CASES.
The first step to bo taken in dearie t fever, as in other contagious disease», U prompt isolation, in a large, well-lighted, well ventilated room. The room should be on a top floor, ns
house as possible, and if it could be no arranged, this floor or part of the house should bo Shut off from the rest. Carpets, curtrins, pictures, upholstered furniture, ornaments, etc., should be reamVod', in fact, anything that cannot bo burned, washed, or thoroughly fumigated when tho sickness id over.
In order that tho room may not Ik* utterly bare or degala te, strip* of old carpet may he laid on tho floor, bright pictures from an illustrated p«iper or magazine can bu pinned an the wall. It U host not to uset a mattress; heavy blanket* or comfortables folded and laid an tho wire mattress make a goft and most comfortable bed to lie on. If this bed proves cold, layers of newspaper* or heavy brown paper placed next to the wire spring, be twees* it and the blanket, will overcome this difficulty. This kind of ted lias a great advantage over a mattress a* it is much mare clean and sanitary.
The sick room should Ixs gwept twice a day, and the sweepings immediately burned or placed in a box or paper nog, After the sweeping, tho wood work, furniture, etc., in the room should be wiped off thoroughly with a damp cloth wrung out of bichloride of mercury one to five thousand, or carbolic acid one to forty.
The nurse should be provided with rubber gloves to protect the hands during this process should also wear a mob cap to prevent the germs from getting into the hair, and should never bo without it while in the sickroom. As it ii quite necessary that tho nurse should have some exorcisa in the fresh air, clothes warn in the sick-room should bo removed, as well as tho shoos, in the
The nurso can step outside
Military London is greatly interested in a new book by M>. R. Cat Wooiville, on "Koeiil Lifo in the Bril’bo book sum* up inf
JA!M CAKiiR
tisb Army
excellent manner the ideas of the mite
vod from (tho rest of the

itary critics who advocate a comprehensive reform in tho British milire:
(j ne
two teaspoonfuls
filling, fresh fruit or juns arc Jam Cake, No. 2—On# cup granulated sugar; throe-quarters cup but-j wholly overcome them ter; threw tablespoon/uls sour cream; threw tablaspoonluls cold coffee; one tablespionful ground cloves * teaspuoufuls ground cinnamon
tcuspxmful soda; one cup burr y jun; j an<j the factoryinen lhT»H> eggs; tiro rupi flour. Cream! tQ tc,, the patrons how the milk is
«........... rn...... > toy»
Dissolve tho soda in tho to tho factory in poor condition it is sour cream and add that and tho flour us<*1omj (0 get angry and berate the to the mixture and ha ko as a loaf on in layers, Put together with bo»l-
AutdivV^Jnm Cake One coffee cup harm than good. The defects are due brown sugar; two-thirds cup but ter; j (0 0f knowledge rather than care-one-half cup SOlir cream, one tea- ¦ |pqsr|i.sfl jn ,nr,st instnncesÏHHH
BirLro'uVS.	: i. .h, a,„.. ......... i» j»*
ries may be. used a* well, ono half tea- | the patron how milk may bo contain-spoonful cloves and cinnamon, flour] (mated, and the effect on tho quality to make an ordinary cake-batter.
tar y system,	*
Events ig *juth Africa have proved that the Biitish officer is brave, and th y have shown also that gallantry^ alonn is not sufficient equipment for.
1
I
thosa who aspire to lead man m war/ 8'e entifij knowledge U alsonecessary* and tho war has clearly deiruxnstratexl that th.3 professional attainment* of tbu leaders, kith regimental and otlw er, leave a gool deal to be desired^ This is not a tiknirco of surprix to tkw*. who know the army thoroughly* The wonder would be wore it other-V wise, for the whole tone of regimen-^ tal life is opposed, to the pursuit of;
¦hmIhhh shop,
1m called, is absolutely tabu within tin»1 precincts of tho mess, and. it may com-fi Icmtly k* stated that three-fourth* of the regimental officers go throi their military career equipped only with a mere acquaintance with the drill of tho arm, they belong to an<| knowing nothing wkitetvtr of mikf tary art outsdn the piges of the drill-. Look. It is trU3 there are profession*, al ex animations by which the fitnesS, of the officer for promotion is tested! up to the rank of Lieutenant-Oolon-Uut these occur at intervals of j many years, and they can be ‘crammed" for a m >nt h or ho before the» officer presents himself to be tested,
selected by,
himself. A distinguished authority is* sciirl to have remarked ujAm M/itisk > officers that tky were laomt exoeV lent men; but they were too rioh cod did not look upon tho eervtn* as a profession requiring itudy, so that if they made mistakes they were < t y regarded as j dc< s, while if they blundered at sport it was looked upon ad unf or g Lvxxiblc.
^ EXPENSIVE LIVING.
There hay k-yv ar/tric expectation tUjf tho War Office would taka steps wards diminishing t h? expend of in tho army especially in cavalry giments. At present the only finite proposa 1 put forward is to crease the cavalry officer's pay. '1 is, of course, futile, for, under the is ting system, no su ki Item at h< can 1j»3 so pail as neft to requir considerable private income, and it a difficult matter to settle by reg lation tho araeunt an officer m» sp n 1 on his v.irioaig pursuits.
Generally epeaking, there can be doubt the army is mof# or pen than it was thirty years ago. reason far this, no doubt, Li the that tbs wealth and luxury of country have grown considers bl consequently the standard of in the service haslp<ome high pi y of the offices has/ howev-m.iLoot the same, and there is u mcl that extravagance k kept <£-and expenses in messing aud er. ,
La in ment put on a proper footing, together with a fair im reass in pay in * iho upper ranks. This would, per-y haps, be sufficient to pe.t what id \ wanted—men who entei the army for * the sake of soldiering. It i.1 impossible not to recognize that the acr-rice must be mule more >i</e.iSonaI, Officers will h ive to work harder, tho leave of all will have to l* cut down to tho amount allowed staff officers,
weeks,and the conditiens of life, will then become such that;
...£ 00,000
.	.	1.31,200
,	.	172,500
.	.	13,300
8.040
and eoffco
patron. Such a course arouses antagonism, and is more likely to do
KILLED BY A POISONED ARROW
1
Tl»e lit 111 ârrepinnrfl of n Native's
lliallrngf.
On November 29 last the lion. David Carnegie, being at that time Assistant-Resident at Lokaja, North Nigeria, was slain by a poisoned arrow but the story of how he met his death at the call of duty has now only just reached home.
Information came to Lokaja that tho people of Taivari. behind Koto Karifi opposite the town of Susso Kusso, on the banks of tho Niger, had possessed themselves of rifles.
.Thither, with an escort of ten men, young Carnegie went to uciza them. He had accomplished bis work, and
ro it
ill
technical excellence
as
of the cheese. Carelessness may cause poor milk in tome cases sit y of care should be firmly insisted
upon.
A consideration of some of the causes of impure milk will enable us to act with intelligence in trying to
of the raw ma-
Tho neces-
HOW THE LEGS GROW.
The Shark* of FtcrrUe Lrnsthrn Tkrin «ml Kcrp Thrill Kvrn.
As a fact, soys tho Medical Record
lower lirais are not usually both J improve the quality of exactly the *ame length, though terial.
ttey are	,
The left is usually the longer, though cow is only occasionally met with, and
the gait is not notably influenced by this is a source which hardly comes this fact. At birth the lower limbs within the province of the cheesemak-shorter than tho upper, and their ] or, as. ho can havo little control here, movements are rather of the y re hen- i In almost all cases milk is infected by aile type. M Wo are not born leggy impurities during milking or within like the foal or kang iroo, but we ' the first few hoars thereafter, franchie vc
bones increase I* length, not so mttoh weeds are causes of Infection before
by interstitial deposit, as by addl- the milk Ls drawn, but these aro not tion to their ends ; that is, by pro-; of frequent occurrence, gressive ossification, of tho layer of qq10 principal cause of impure milk cartilage which intervenes between ^ uncleanlincss—dirty cows, dirty tho end of the, shaft and the epiphysis, tables, dirty milkers, dirty cans. Dirt Ossification goes on till the com pun- an<| pUro milk arc irreconcilable—pure eat parts of the bone are all united mijk must bo clean milk. Dirt and l>y bony matter, and thus the stature harmful bacteria are iase par ably of the individual is determined.	1 sreiated, and dirt and disagreeable
If from inflammation or injury an 0(jors generally go together, epiphysis be damaged, one limb may	bacteria just mentioned are
be shorter than the other, or in flam- tremely minute forms of plant life, matory stimulation may even induce pre8Wl( almost everywhere in largo increased length in the bine nf- numbers. In dust they are present fueled. Tho skeletons of tortoises, ^ myriads. In relation to milk, hac-not being subjected to sudden jars, teria rnny he classified as harmless, h|ive no epiphyses at the ends of the beneficial and harmful. The harmless long bones, whereas in the leaping mny be ignored ; the beneficial are nc-frog the extremities of the humerus cessary to the manufacture of dairy and femur long remain as separate pr(Uiucts ; the harmful aro very deepiphyses. The continuous conçus- trimental, to which the ends of the bones
our
Impurity due to the disease of the
whir:h be can do at a ti
Tho nurse
had returned to the river bank, when the chief Dangara, who was away at the time the rifles were seized, sent word to say that he, Carnegie, would not have dared to do what he had done had ho been there at the time.
aro
the Conqueror the Crown lands were a princely patrimony, but during suc-WÊÊÊÊÊÊ	,	' cexsive rrign i they were Badly reduc-
Jius was a c ha I .eng • which, for tho by lavish tyrants to favorites, not-sake of policy, it was not wpll | withstanding continued augmentation* gard, and Carnegie and his Lt- [ions by forfeitures and escheats. Soon tL band turned back. At the town a^er (be Restoration a committee of gate Dangara and his pcoplo set upon j the House of Commons reported that them, and Carnegie fell with a poison- (he nnnuai produce of the land rev-ed arrow through his thigh. Heath ] pnu(Vs wa9 £217,900 besides £4,000 from came within ten minutes.	Dean Forest; but in three years’ time
With great bravery the little es- ; Charles II. reduced it to £100,000. It cort kept the natives off. and, with- : was stU1 (urthcr dissipated by William out further loss, brought his body m nnd on tho accession of Queen
back to Lokaja.	Anne Parliament endeavored to tave
A punitive expedition *et out for t tli€ remnant by an Act, 1. Anne, c Taivari un C plain Cubit. After
The pure water and eating of turnips or
room.	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
the sick-room either into a smaller or a portion .of the hall screened off, and there put on the clothing to be worn outside* out with comparatively little danger of carrying tte disease, but it is better that phe should not go into other rooms or parts of the house.
It may be well to mention that all clothing worn in the sick-room should be made of cotton material and washable. All clothing and tedding from patient and nurse which is to go to the laundry should bi soaked overnight in a solution of carbolic one to sixty, then placed in a bag which has been wrung out of the same solution, and tho bag lowered from tho window to the ground below, where it is taken by the laundress and placed in a huiler and billed for half an hour before washing. Tho clothing can then bo safely handled without the slightest danger of infection. If a nurse is careful and conscientious in carrying out these directions, there is very* little danger of the germ-1 ud-en scales being scattered. At the end of five weeks the patient, if after careful inspection he shows no of sealing, may bj released
one
She can then go
as-
e\-
8, which practically prohibited alien-some delay il reached the town only	of the Crown lands and enact-
to find it empty.	1 fcd stringent provisions in regard to
Mr. Carnegie, who was the younger the length of term for which they son of the Earl of Southeak, was a ; might be leased and the rents to be | King man who had achieved much ree d and showed brilliant promise
an
I At the accession of George lib the He had travelled fur across the \V est groes reiurn from the English land Australian wastes, through the great revenues was only about £89,000 a Victoria and trie great Sandy Deserts, j year and about 1787 the clear annual narrowly escaping death from thirst | sUrp]lls waa reckoned to be less than several times. lie had mapped nut £11,000.	¦
much unexplored land, and had writ- At the commencement of ten the buck “ Spin if ex and Sand," QUeen’3 reign, that is for tho year the record of hi edition of 1896-97. i3:>, the surplus revenue ¦ He had worked, too, as a digger and I
.	Milk is also very Susceptible
of the lower limbs are exposed, when tnlnta from disagreeable odors, tiear-a vigorous child is excited by its own jng jn lninj the connection between natural spirit to run about, are	rmfill bacteria and dirt, and be-
duubtless of great value in assisting tween gaseous taints and dirt—tho lm-the growth in length of the lower pitance of cleanliness should bo ap limbs, which soon lose their infant ile preciateel Lu handling milk, character, and become adapted for j ^ will now bi in order to consider running and walking.	By exposing detail how to handle the milk so
the lower limbs to the same influences ftg to insure a clean and wholesome and resistances during their entire product. The cow herself,-or rath-growth we manage to maintain them ef tlle ^Lri on the body of the cow— of the same six » and of the same js one Gf the principle causes of inlength, and gentle jars upon the epip- fPction. In the majority of dairies no hyses at the joints may be considered favorable to growth.
wons
the
PAID INTO THE EXCHEQUER.
waa £180,000. As the result of careful and judicious management this surplus has gradually Increased. For Î852-E3 it was £252,000; for 1862-03, £300,000; for 1872-73, £375,000. In 1882-83 it was £380,000, and during the next decade it passed the gross amount of the Civil List and amounted to £430.000 in 1852-93, whilst for the year ending March 81, 1900, the surplus paid to the Exchequer was £450,-
a miner.
In Nigeria, where he had been but a short while at the time of his death, hu won much love and great respect.
signa
from the s'ck-room, and, in a few days v if the weather is mild, be allowed to go out for n little while, but if tho skin is still peeling, the isolation must be kept up for another week, or still longer, until it has surelv cens-
SPANKED HUSBAND IN SALOON
effort is made to keep the cows clean, and they are covered with a mass of dust and manure. The icow should be brushed, and the caked manure washed off. The udder should be cleansed with u damp cloth before milking-especial care should bo taken to cleanse all dirt from the teats. It is much better to milk tho cow in a separate room from where they arc stabled if ftt all possible—the possibility of infection being thereby much
leTbe '‘stable is a frequent source of that if every woman, would see to it dirt and bad odors. The floor should that her husband keeps away from be cleansed at least daily, and soiled these places the saloons would soon bedding removed. Dust and cobwebs have to quit business. She is a wo-should not be allowed to accumulate, man of large proportions, and, proA stable with abundance of light is curing a board, made a clapboard of much superior to the semi-dark stable it, and went to the saloon
so frequently seen.	found her husband with half a dozen | a few instances. No landlord in the
In feeding dry foods, such as corn other men seated about a card table kingdom has such a diversified prop-fodder or hay or strong* smelling foods with a glass of beer in front of him. erty or so many local laws and cus-liko ensilage,’ care should bd taken She grabbed her husband by the neck, toms to deal with as his Majesty’s to feed them’after and not before or and, seating herself in a chair, pulled Commissioners of Woods, Forests and The revival of coaches some years duruig milking. No dusti or strong him across her lap. face down, and Land Revenues have, ago ended in a dead loss to those who odors are wanted during milking. If ; applied the clapboard vigorously, lhe In Scotland there arc undertook it, for ths very good reason necessary to feed during milking, con- j husband made a feeble effort to get that things were done on the most ; centrâtes slightly dampened may be; up, but found the wife much the
lavish and uncommercial «ale. Now- given.	_ htrenger. After tiring of the clap-1 whose very names would Be foreign
a-days nearly every coach running The milker very often addi his board the irate wife took her husband j to an Englishman. trom Alderney from a London hotel is a source of quota to the dirt in the milk. The tyr the ear and led him to the other come dues probably more ancient than handsome profit, for nearly all the o'-üeat and dirtiest clothing is consid- saloons and warned him always to re- the Conquest, and the manorial courts coaches are run as commercial spccu- wed suitable, and to wash the hands main away from them and then went of the Isle of Man have tlaces of a la lions as well as for pleasure. Wl^cn is considered wholly unnecessary. The ; home. 'Ihrec o-ther Women lead then- Scandinavian origin, u good route is cho$en they cannot clothing and hands should at least husbands from the saloon by the cars. | But the great increase from the land be a failure, for the reason that, bo clean, and if a clean blouse is not	revenues is yet to come. Regent
before they start a certain number of put on, the accumulated dust should	^	street is ( rown property, and when
«SÊP mm Sfi* is»
from 3,000 to 4,000 persons have re- should not be used first in washing qUcnt voyages to Greenland and la ~ , ..,	. ,,, ^ m7
*****
“TMBbss
Then She Loi Him .!bo;ii Town by Ibc
Ear Exhibiting lllni.
ed.
Markleville, Ind , has three saloons and tho women are determined to get rid of them. The Carrie Nation idea is riot carried out altogether, but on Monday night Mrs. Ozero Lewi* demolished
old bottles. Friday . night another woman took another course, saying
000
viz.; six
army
tb s man who enters it merely for eo-cial reasons will fin l he is no long ex wanted.
It should also be borne in mind that during the last 23 years the Crown, like other landlords, has suffered from the great depreciation in rents from agricultural lands.
The expression "Crown lands" covers an infinite variety of property. It comprises ground rents in London and salmon fishings in Scotland, nearly 70,000 acres of agricultural land in England, the New Forest, Dean Forest and Windsor Great Park. Minerals of many kinds help to swell the revenue; coal in Dean Forest and in under-sea mines, gold in Wales, lead in the Isle of Man, and salt on the Tees are but
SEE SIGHTS FROM A COACH
HERMITS, JUMBLES, ETC
People In England	Tlielr
Tearing lelmirely. •
In making these cakes the following things should be remembered: Use only flour enough to handle nicefly, pastry flour is batter than bread flour; beat butter and sugar to a before adding the other in-
Many
4,000 people
e saloon with stones and
Every year about mostly Americans and Australians, traverse tho whole of Great Britain in imitation old-fashioned coaches, the London Mail. This year

I

SUICIDE CATCHERS.
cream
grvdiviiLs; soften, but do not melt the butter; brown sugar should bo used for ginger cookies, and the soft white sugar is better than granulated for other cookies.
They Are Necessary Adjunct* af Italian
Exprès» Trains.
It has become a fad recently in Italy? among persons who desire to commit cuicide to jump in front of express trains. A short time ago the engineer and the passengers of the Genoa-Home express were really ve%« ed because in a short run of fight
quite 10,000, Americans alone have have booked up in advance complete tours in this way and yet few indeed of our own countrymen even know that one coach is now so linked with another throughout tho whole of the English provinces that tho railway can be almost totally ignored.

She
Sugar Cookies—Two cups sugar, a
cup butter, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoonful soda dissolved in 1-4 cup boiling water, 2 teaspoons cream tartar and nutmeg to taste. Sprinkle with granulate^
hours four persons used the train in this way to end their lives regardless of the delay which they were causing by their selfish thoughtless* oess.
Moral suasion appearing inadequate to the task of turning these self-j murderers from the fatal error of. their ways the railroad authoritiesfv have adopted a special suicide catcher. It is placed in front of the locomotive like the Canadian cowcatcher, and it scoops ur> the person who trie#.
sugar.
Cream Cookies—One cup rich sour cream, 3 cups sugar, 3 eggs, 1 cup butter, 1 teaspoon soda and l teaspoon cream tartar, Flavor with lemon.
Ginger Cookies—One cup each of sugar and molasses, I usa nothing but the beat No(vv Orleans molasses, 1-2 cup each of buttor, lard and sour milk, 2 eggs, 2 teaspoons soda, 1 teaspoon salt and 1 tablespoon ginger.
Ginger Snaps—Bring to a seal 1 1 molasses, stir in 1 tablespoon
FEUDAL DUES AND RENTS


cup
aoda and p;>ur it, while foaming, ov<
1	cup sugar, 1 egg, 1 tablespoon ginger and a pinch of salt, all beatc\n together. Then add the grated rind of a lemon., one-half the juice and flour enough to roll stirred in as
lightly as possible.
Hermits—One and one-ha If cups sugar, 2-8 cup butter, 1 cup chopp'd raisins, 2 eggs, 1 teaspoon soda dissolved in 2 tablespoons! sweet milk, 1 teaspoon cinnamon, and 1 of cloves.
Sprinkle sugar over top.
Honey Jumbles—One cup strained honey, 1 cup each of sugar and butte*
2	eggs, and 1-2 cup buttermilk in which has been dissolved 1 teaspoon.
Roll one-fourth inch in thisk-cut into rings and bake A
on

DEAD MILLION AIRES OF 1900
Nearly twenty millions of
represent the total sum left by eight
British millionaires who have died
during the past year, and upon whictf
death duties, amounting to million*
have been paid. The richest of thes*
millionaires was Mi. George Smith^ •‘Chicago Smith," who died at the age of 91, worth about five millions a ter 4 ling. The others were:—Mrs. Ja me* Craig, 72, of Dunville &. Co., distillers, £1,032,445; Baron Adolph Charles de Rothschild, banker, £2,357,793;, William Orme Poster, ironmaster*' £2,587,631 gross; Mr. John G ret ton, brewer, £2,714,043 net; Mr. Thomas; Henry Ismay, shipowner, £1,020,966 net ; Mr. Samuel George banker, £1,553,965 net; and. Sir Henry, Tate, sugar refiner, £1,228,097 net* |


cm ‘ o
soda
ness quick oven.
PERFECTLY NATURAL.
CyiSIME NOTES.
Almost any cold vegetable makes a
delicious salad. 1	1
-As tor salad dressings, the proper-
tic» raffles; It the best Tarragon vine-
gaff be Use.1 much les< is required. A
good rule is six tablespoons of olive
otl to one of vice#air, with salt, pep-berbe. onion tuice ied garlic to . A dash of sherry edded tick-
'*t	uw digestibility of
I , IN CHARACTER i . You know old Bilkers, who never
made a positive statement in his life? Yep.
Well, the other day his boy rushed in' hid store and told him. the family horse had fallen dead, and what do you suppose he said!	,
I pass.
He stared a moment, and then yelled, Well, I will be teetolally doggone ^probably l	'	'•
Mrj
per
taste
/

l
>

###PAGE###8###
PAGE (S) ABÎMEE (S)
' vr ~
S ? W I S . ” S I •	% 5 : r.
te < !-

\

mr'wm w ' m




r
10 Days Only
HERE THEY ARE !
HERE THEY # !
SPRING i9£i
1901!
?
• • •
NOT A VAR-LOAD OF THEM, BUT THE LARGEST RANGE OF
Choice Handsome Suitings
EVER SEEN IN OVR PROGRESSIVE GO AHEAD TOWN.
You want ft Spring Suit, buying why not buy the best ?
The immense throngs of thrifty buyers that crowd this Store daily attest the widespread interest that is centered therein.
Men’s...___
Furnishings
When
There are Hundreds of
Dollars’ worth of
i

WHEN WK FINISH THKM FOR YOV TRY THEM ON, AND IF TO YOUR ENTIRE SATISFACTION, PAY US. IF NOT, KEEP YOUR MONEY.
See the Goods See the Workmanship See the Fit.
Bargains left.
White Shirts,
Colored Shirts,
Silk Front Shirts,
Negligee Shirts, &c., &c.
REMEMBER Only ten days and we will close
our great Midwinter Sale of
A.ROLAND McGUIRE,
TME TAILOR-


BOOTS & SHOES.
About
P. S.-Did 1 forget Serges f Well, no. twenty different kinds in black and bine.
SHAWVILLE.
OPPOSITE
PONTIAC HOUSE - -
STEWART
Splendid range of Neckwear,
Collars and Ties.
Farmers !
THE WAR.

•••
»
r
We can pay you highest market price (in cash) for your wheat any time you fetch it along.
We can do your gristing and give you best satisfaction in returns, and flour which will enable you to carry off prizes in bread competition at the county fair every time.
We can sell yen at lowest prices Flour, drain,
Meals, Bran, Shorts and Feed.
FUU. STOCK ALWAYS ON HAND.
BU1HA*8 BRCTBIB KILLED.
London, March 21.—A special from Cape Town, dated March 20, Bays that Commandant Phillip Botha was killed in the recent fighting at Lydenburg.
London, March 21. —A de#natch from Lord Kitchener, dated Pretoria, March
20 say#:
44 Phillip Botha, a brother of the Boer commandant general, was killed on the Doornberg. Hie» two eons were wounded.
44 The Boere of the Orange River Colony have diebandfd and scattered ; PeWet ie in the neighborhood of Htilbron.
s
... Sweaters ...
Men’s and Boys’ in Fancy Stripes.
Official Time Table :
New Spring Hats
Latest Styles and Shades.
A K.
Arrive 9.45 .
Aylmer t Brer ken ridge ?•Bard ley Fa-fcer’w ('rowing VMobrs Q.uyon Wyman’s tTark Bristol McKee's Skawville Clark’s
Campbell^ Bay
V Vinton Coulonge 'Mellon’s Wa .nain
ion. tTabss 4:Flag Station.
meeting with Hull Electric TU/, way Inter.
5.46 leave
600
9.06
« •
6.12
k.'H
6 18
44
8.50
14
6.26
8.40
44
6.37
6.22
6 4
I 4
6.47
8.14
44
• 4
6.56
8.06
44
New Spring1 Clothing
4M
6 4
or
6 02
44
7.04
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING GO.
7.52
7.01
7.26
7.45
The Danger Point Turned
7.38
4 f
6.00
44
7.16
The nobbiest Goods ever shown
in Shawville.
8.43
•*
7.06
4 S
6.12
4 «
Clash of Arms between Russian and British troops in China averted.
6.54
8.30
41
for the purpose, and stabbed himself in the neck, severing the jugular vein end expiring in a few minutes. Upon regaining consciousness Mrs. Lynch staggered to the house and fell upon the eofa, where she remained without tire rr attention until found in the afternoon. Dr. Pringie found her head literally covered with wounds and thinks there is no chance of
Mr. Lynch was c unfoitâMy
A CHAPTER OF CRIME. Women Kills Her 9 Children
• '	c.39
Leave 6. 0
8.47
• I
0.55 Arrive
London, March 21.— In the house of lords today the foreign secretary, Loid Lansdowne, announced that Russia and Great Britian had agreed to withdraw their troops from the disputed territory at Tien Tun and reserve the question tf title and proprietary rights for subsequent examination.
Lord Lmedowne supplemented the announcement by explaining that the dispute concerned an extensive area on the left bank of the Pei-Ho which the Russians had occupied in the autumn and claimed by right of congest. Subse-atly the government w«*s informel

C ldbrook, Mass., March 12—Mrs.
Eliztbeth Naramvre, while in a tit of in-lanity this afternoon, killed her family of six children at her heme, a farm house, half a mile from this village, and then tried to take her own life. The recovery. children ranged from ten years to a well off and is thought to baxo been babe of » months, and their lives were insane when he committed the deed.
taken by the mother with an axe
Then she laid the blood-drenched
E. HODGINS & SON.
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL ST7FERJNTENDENT
rAffA&GATINEAD RÏ
_______________ _________ T e statement i« gravely made that the
boJie* on the beds, two on one bed and j busmen interests :-i Daws n City inter- — the other four on a bed in another room, 'fered to prevent the enforcement of Mr. ‘ my This terrible	sight	met the eyes of the	Sifton’s belated	order for the closing up	I	|jM
husband and	father, Frank Naramore,	the dance hells	and hagnoir. What has	!	W
when he returned home some hours come out from the Yukon capital indi- | |j§| later. Mrs. Naramoro then attempted cates that thee institutions are peculiarly to take her own life with a razor, and virulent in their wickedness. Any busi-when discovered she was in bed on which ness interest that is concerned in their the bodies of	four	children were lying,	demoralizing existence deserves no con-
Although she	cut	a deep gash in her	sidération from	descent men and wo-
throat and suflei ed the loss of much men. blood it h believed she will recover.
club.
Fail ûè winter Tim? Tatis
:ing effect Nov.
$
•20, 1900.
ien
nt China and Russiioad reached an agreement placing the area under Russian occupation. The urea, however, comprised plots belonging to the Northern Chinese railroads, and therefore was part of the security of the British bondholders.
The line was part of the railroad re cently transferred by the Russians to Field Marshall Von Waldersee, who retransferred it to the British. The necessities of the allies required H e construction of the siding on one of the plots referred to and the presence of the British workers on the plot was treated as a trespass on Russian territory.
It was subsequently alleged that the Russian boundary has been removed by the British. In those circumstances the government, March 16, telegraphed to its representative in China tint it th ught the rights of the British or Russian troops to occupy the disputed points c^uld be best settled by Field Marshal Von Waldersee, as the commander-in-chief, and (ien. Gazelee, the British commander, was in structed to request the held marshal to settle the immediate ditierences, reserving for future examination the question of the validity of the allege! private rights.
Gen. Gazelee was also instructed to refrain from using force except to repel aggression. On March 20 the alleged removal of the British minister at Pekiu was ready to refer the facts to Field Marshal Von Waldersee, on the understanding that it either side was found to have committed an irregularity it should apologize to the other. The Government added that the construction of the siding should be continued under whatever conditions the field marshal thought fit to
4.00 p.to 10.25 a. to
Train Leave Ottawa "rain Arrive Ottawa ' p.c<12da y except Sunday.
>kets anti further information apply
\	GenT Hup’t.
Spring 1901.
• • •
?J
n
Look at the sunny side of life, friend, and the time you waste grumbling, put in attending to the wants of your household. You will wonder how much more can be bought at the end of the year, when purchasing from a reliable source...................
u<
The by-electron in N rrh Biuce on ^ Thurnhy to fill the vacancy caused by K the unseating* (on |a re count) of Mr. P Alex. McNeil, resulted in the election of ^ Mr. James Halliday, Conservative. The K constituency therefore remains true toits ifl old political principles despite the fact $ that the machine warn at work and all the ^ pressure exercised that the government K could bring to bear. Mr. Tarte visited S the constituency during the campaign, U but it was to go. North Bruce is not in E Quebec.	M
Mr. Kemp, in the budget debate on W Tuesday, fairly bit the anti-manufacturer M shooters of the Laurier party, when he |v said he did not understand why manu- fl facturera were not entitled to come to the Hi Government aid state to them the d»fb- S culties under which they labored, and ask jfl for redrers. This is a right freely accorded M to other citizens, and should ni t be denied Cd to those who have invested their means r, in enterprises that make the country prosperous. According to Laurier, Cart ft wright and Fielding, however, it would |Q seem to be held that the corridors of the g ministerial departments were sacred to p| subsidy hunters, railway vendors, contract k;a •havers, and fradulent army ration purveyors. —Montreal Gazette.	—
CANADA ATLANTIC
This Man Killed Hie 3 Children
Clinton, Me., March 27. — Joseph Dearborn Marr, a farmer living 8 mi'es from this village, killed his three children, Alice M., aged 13 ; Elwin, aged 9 ; and Helen, aged 7, with an axe shortly after the family, in a happy mood had risen from the dinner table. Mr. Marr had been despondent for some time, but his actif ns were not such as to make his wife believe he had any serious trouble on his mnd to brood over. The el Jest daughter was washing dishes at- the sink when her father went by her to the shed ar.d got an axe. He came back into the kitchen and struck the girl a single blow on the head, placing her lifeless at his feet. Mrs. Marr s.iw this mod ran screaming to the house of her husband's father, Samul Marr. The hatband apparently walked upstairs to where the younger children were playing and dealt each a single b ow with the axe handle, killing them both among their playthings. When Mr. Marr, sr., came in the youn-gar Marr was washing his hands at the sink. He was asked why be done the deed and he said : “1 don’t know. That haa been the burden of his replies to all questions since. Later in the day he was placed under arrest and taken to Waterville
RAILWAY
I
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT. Trains daily between
WE SELL EVERYTHING IN
DRY GOODS, GROCERIES, CLOTHING, BOOTS & SHOES, HARDWARE,
CROCKERY, &c., &c
At Paralyzing Low Prices for Cash.
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
On .Ami After Jau. 13th and until further ad\ train service will l»e as follows :
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
a^.lC A, M. - Local—Ft ops at ail intermediate »ta-Arrives Montreal 9.60 a. w, Rockland
c
•}
tlODH
Bran, b, Hawkesbury Branch, Valley\eld, connects at Coteau Junction, lor Cornwall and points west.

aQ.OC A.M , L-nited, arrive* Montreal 11 SO a.m,. making r lose connections with I. C. Ry. Maritime Express for Quebec, Halifax, anil all intermediate points east. Pullman Parlor Car attached.
V8.CC A.M. Funday* only—Stop# at intermediate
Arrives Montreal 11,00 a.in; Pullman
.J
ARMSTRONG BROS., LADYSMITH.
stations.
I'artor Car attached.
a8.?C P. M., Limited—Stops Alexandria and Coteau June, only.
Arrives Montreal 6 40 p.m. Pullman Parlor Car attached. Connec ts with trains for Portland and all points east of Montreal. For Valleytield and oU points south of the Bt. Lawrence River, ML aluAi. Burlington, etc. Arriving Boston 7 00 a. m New York 7.20 a m. lias through Buffet Sleeping Car, Ottawa to New York.
afc.40 P. M. L«x*al—Stops at Intermediate stations. Arrives Montreal 10.00 p.m. Connects at Coteau Junction for Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, Chicago
Highest Prices for Produce.

impose.
Cheess Meeting.
Get Your
Meeting of the House of Bishop.
The House of Bishops of the Anglican church in the ecclesiastical province of Canada, consisting of Archbishop Lewis, of Ontario; Bishop Bond, of Montreal ; Bishop Sweatman, of Toronto ; Bishop Hamilton, of Ottawa ; Bishop Baldwin, of Huron; Bishop Courtenay, of Halifax; Bishop Kingdom, of Fredericton; Bishop Dunn, of Quebec, Bishop Dumoulin, of Niagara; Bishop Thorneloe; of Algoma; and Bishop Mills, of Kingston, has been called by His Grace, the Met ropolitao of Canada, to meet in this city on April 15th next for the purpose of considering his the Metropoli tan’s résignât ion as chairman of the Bouse of Bishops.
It is probable that when the Archbishop’s resignation goes into effect Bishop Bond, of Montreal will be elevated to the Metropolitan’s chair, which now |* with it the dignity of Archbishop. The appointment now goes to the senior bishop in the ecclesiastical province in point of consecration, and as Bishop Bond ie next to Archbishop Lewis in seniority, the chances are that he will be elected.
etc.
A public meeting of the patrons and shareholders of the Green Lake Cheese and Butter Company will he held on Saturday, April 13th at 2, P. M., at No. 10 School, for the purpose of organizing the season’s work.
Tenders for drawing milk on the different routes will he received, also tenders for a Secretary. The lowest or any tender necessarily accepted.
JAS. ARMSTRONG.
President.
Printing
Trains arrive at Ottawa C;naral Depot :
aSI.10 P.M. Loral -from B '«ton. New York, New England and Montreal at 9.60 a. m. Baa Pullman Parlor Car attached.
12.15 P- M. Limited—From Montreal and points rat-t, leaving Montreal at 9.60 a.xc. lias Pullman Pailor Car.
• 9.05 P. M Local-From Montreal, and intermediate points, Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto. And points west. Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving Montreal at 6.50, p. m.
o 6.35 P: M. Limited—From Montreal leaving at 4 lv j>.m; Has Pullman Parlor Car.
Dunn ville Farmed Kills Wife then
Suicides.
for
Dunnville, Ont,, March 51.—A# Mrs. McBay was driving past Alex. Lynch’s, near here last evening, she noticed a blooly shirt hanging from a tree near the barn. Thinking this strange, and seeing no sign of life about the place, Mrs. McBay thought she would investigate further Going to the house, a terrible sight met her eyes. Lying unconscious on the sofa was Mrs. Lynch, her head terribly lacer aled and bruised and her hair matted and her clothes stained with blood. In the bam another and still more horrible sight was in store for her. There she found Mr Lynch quite dead, with his throat cut and the bloody knife still clutched in his hand. A messenger was despatched to notify Dr. MeCallum, the coioner, but he was out of town. Dr. Pringle was then called and he dreased Mrs Lynob’s wounds and aoatored her to consciousness To him she told the following story Her husband had been acting strang dy of late. Yesterday morning, after they had milked the cows and were still in the barn. Mr. Lynch took the king bolt from a wagon and said they would both die together. He seized her and beat her with it until she thought she was dead. Then taking off hit bloody smock and hanging it on « tree outside the barn, he took his jackknife, which he had previously sharpened
done at
The Equity Office.
I
not
Shawville, March 23, 3901.
O
Cards,
Tickets,
Posters,
Middle and Western Divisions.
PATENTS
I
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Dally, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
8 15 A. M. For Amprier. Renfrew. Eganville, Peni-bmkc, Parry’s Bay, Whitney. Canoe Lake. Parry Sound and intermediate points.
4.40 P. M. For Amprlor. Renfrew, Eganville, Pembroke, Madawaska and intermediate stations.

PROMPTLY SECURED
Dodgers,
Envelopes,
Programmes,
Bill Heads, Note Heads, Letter Heads.
?
Write for our interesting books " Inventor’s Help" and " how you ere swindled/’ Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you fees our opinion as to whether it le probably
Rejected applications have often
____ssfulty prosecuted hy us. We
{conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal end Washington ; thisqualifies us to promptly dispatch work end quickly secure Patents as broad ms the invention. Highest references,
^Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special notice without charge in over loo newspapers distributed throughout
the Dominion.	.	.	,
Specialty Patent business of Manufacturers and Engineera.
MARION & MARION
Patent Experts end Solicitors. ?
carries
I.	00 P. M. Mixed Train for Amprior, Renfrew, Bganvllle, Madawaakaand intermediate stations.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :
II.	10 A.M. From Madawaska, Pembroke, Egan* ville. Renfrew. Amprior and internal isle points.
5.55 P. M From Parry Sound. Eganville, Renfrew, Ann prior aud intermediate points.
2.60 P. M. Mixed Trains from Madawaaks, Bgan-Tilk, Renfrew, Amprior and intermediate stations.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
patentable, been sucre
O
Another attempt was made last week to assassinate the Czar of Russia.
Application has been made in the surrogate "court for probate of the will of the latê Dr. 0. M. Dawson. He left an estate valued at $30,000, which ia bequeathed to his mother and sisters.
Everything in the line of Neat Plain Printing for the Merchant and Tradesman.
Central Depot, Russell House Block
Tickets to Europe snd all parts of the world by all American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook s
Offices:
a.	Trains run dally exsept Sunday.
b.	ênnday only, e, Defly.

¦ ¦ w


)
Ù
L
	
