###PAGE###1###



No. <> —lSrir Year.
SHÆVVVILLE, PONTiAC COUNTY, QUI
THURSDAY, JULY
1 Si 00
$1.00 a Yea it
in Advance.
' t
BANK OF OTTAWA
returned Iimnu to E:vmviIlo mi Monday Moved l»y Knla-rt |{f,|,,|
<«f last week, and was accorded a most en John («ram, that Ü thusiastic reception.	lioard i
)
1
.....MIDSUMMER
Indian Commits Foul Mi iti>en._A M ,e,w,#nt‘r Ht Hie same salary and same
at or y comes from the village of Ln Î^T'i'iisitcs ns last year.—Carried.	_
bierre, a Hudson Hay trading post, sit- Mf>w<l l>y John tirant, seconded hy	| \ f\ f 'S	Ji ^ IV P	$
uated away np in the wilds of tliii (iatiii- Lp,n ,f ’/imirt’ t,,ifc s- Frederick	/ % L*r g —, /\ 5 k\ I	I
van, about 200 miles from Hull, of an lhuman, he and is hereby empowered to	I J §	\ j | V A f \ I I J	1
atrocious murder Iruiing been committed b'lvo °“fc Wilder the job of a drain	*	# m ¦ ¦	^	¦
by an Indian. The story which was re- frnm l"° dement of school house No. 1.
lated to .Sheriff Wright, of Hull, last ~V:llTie:!; , ,	^	_
Friday hy Poster Bennett, a Merchant of ,r, ,,UM‘ W ,'",in * 'rant, seconded by F. Eg	M M I	B	*	I
Maniwaki, as to the effect that, the In horn**' that one half of one cent in the I IfflOT I fi|AA Ml H {% Vf A I Money loaned on approved kerurlty at d:an killed his wife and three children, j	»ry dollar on the Collection | III gT I I 1 1 1™^ V III	I 1^
reasonable rates	11,1,1 t,,en ,naine«l Ins uncle who occupied ! Iv'11 16 11,1,1 ,s ^rehy levied for school | \n I WW V	I W 1% I ME	Clé I Wl
err uvffiSrt! I	,0
UoMf transferred to all parte of the world, him in undertaking to ferret < it rim that th< thly children from 7
HAVING» BANK.	I inal.	Ito ^ years of age he and is hereby levied
__________ -o cents per month for children in the
A limn < >i.d Time — A miWrilier ‘NI,,nic,imIit>h Have and only school Nu. 1,
1 which monthly fee i« hereby levied at
40 cents per month for 8 months in the
Dead Oftt
CnpOftl Kilt < 'tpititl paid licet ..
OTTAWA, CANADA.
...........èl.thu.wm.
........... l,7il,nso.
.......... 1.40.1,310.
i,
II.«"I
OF CANADA.
I
hoard of Directors
\
CAPITAL -	- ,$6,000,000.
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.

Charles M.vjbk, Esq. , President. OfioKor. Hay, ksq., Vice-President.
John Math» h, \ q Davii» MacLaukn, Rsy
Hon. Ur i. 1‘hvson, Jk Amu. Fiii-.ni. Esq ,
1
Ukxms Mi til'll y, Ksq
HinkI Ollier, ¦ Montreal.
OROROCBURN D. M. FINNIi:
General Mnnnger, .. .. Malinger,
1
— — f)— —•
Branrhea •
IN ONTAHIO
K«"witin,
Kempt v lie,
Mattuwu,
Ottawa, do Hank St. H«ufi. .v do Hi<lean 8t. Tomtito, Vaukleek Hill, Smith'* Falla
IN MANITOBA :
NIIIWI IUÆ BRANCH,
Alexandria, Arnpri.ir, Avomnorv, lirait bridge, Csrletc n
Lanark, I'arrv iv m*
Hound, rok*,
Hat 1'urf ig.*,
i’l.iee,
llawkcalmry,
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office Hovr#
Hatvudays .
Winnipeg
Dauphin
Portage La Prairie
We have been looking over our stock and find we have too many goods in several lines, particularly in Felt and Straw Hats, and Fine Shoes, and must clear them out
before end of season.
handed us the following last week, too late, however, f«»r publication
‘ A grand r<‘ve|,ti°n woh tendered to •' «! f ,	. ,
Mrs. Richard Doherty, of Bristol, on the /lftved. seconded and earned, that Manager. | occasion of her release from jail on June wijoUfn. True Copy,
Ü3rd, after aerving a 45 days’ sentence for
common assault on the person of Mrs.
UNDERTAKING	| I hos Gallagher, of the same towy.ship. |
Cuthbertson.Groham Ac Elliott etlil D" Du date mentioned a number of Mrs. ,
JHERE IS HO PLEASURE SO SWEET	! EHEEHES I ^ ‘° “'* ^
I attention and charge, moderate. hotel
¦ _ I	I I	winch the party started for home, Mrs.
Eganville's great picnic this year will | Doherty being driven hy one of her hails-he on Saturday, August 4th. See .adv’t. mvn’ n neighbor. On the way to Bristol
A SUMMER SESSION : ”,h"
sSSrciHSfKK würtE ::::	E!rslS/E':r:sr i:i:
.1 IJLY 9. and continue for six weeks, sary. Apply, stating wages, to	Passing Caldwell post office on the wav we
for the taking up of Business and al	K. T. Martin, Lapysmitii. were saluted with a volley of rifle shots
Commercial matters, Shorthand and	and a huge bonfire Mazed up while a
Typewriting, English and French and Those subscript ions which fell due large Union Jack floated in the breeze, all . , . . othei ttpeejn! studies. alsmt the middle of laat month are com* combining to show the high esteem in
lion when they coula be gutting.. start ” needful."	against her. Arriving !?* Mi* Doherty-*
tu.g of 'I practical education at a very	uU kin.ie of refreshment» were served and
slight cost f	Messrs. J. G. Hack land and J. Ora- F'fine supper was also in waiting. Alter
TEACHERS’ ATTENTION ! ! ! Î A special hame, of Ottawa, were here on Friday doing^ fu 1 ! just ice to the good things, the course will lie taken up during the sum aftern<,OM billing the town for the Cen- Z°^ sp?nt„ ft Tf I)leawmt ¦	¦
sarxisti asesMSH '•-* r*.f isi*—=	rKtirsr.Krss v*
and to he able to return to their schools were outfitted wph a very artistically their respective homes, they expressed In the fall, feeling that they have some painted advertising waggon, which at- thanks to their host, hostess'and family thing practical to give their boys and | tra ed more than ordinary attention :»• | for their many kindnesses. '	;
girls.
IN QT’KBKC Hull,
10 A.M. To 3 P.M, 10 A M. TO I P.M.
F. A. PARKER,
Lavhtite.
Aie nt# in Canada, New York and ( hicagn-liatik of Montreal.
Agents in Ht. Paul Meo-hui.t* Nut. Rank. Agents in London, Eug.—Van's I tank Ltd.
Montreal
we
Hu;h Mathlkon, Sec.-Treasurer
Picnic
;r worthy brother, Tlio.itiht o‘f r his dwell ;igam ; TU# ml»; “ I* ve of an .tlicr," Mould make ut gentlemen.
Ah broth I rs we’re united,
{'kdged t.y <";r< reed we stand ; 9'it anger when ignited.
Sweep# pleasure from our land.
Why not have honest fellowship ? A nd grasp a friendly hand ; United let envy slip IVace rule throughout our land

As that which Is combined with Profit
Two Weeks’ Bargains !
HATS! HATS! HATS!
Straw and Felt Hats—a large stock still on hand ; everyone reduced in price. Now is the time to secure-, a
bargain in head-gear.
0'ir t< ornament is I1»» rl« *h " (ji.m* *l»eir part J* Limrl le " walk# to clover,
“ Victoria " moves our hearts.
" W«1 R. se ‘ a fed as g« ntic-nu n Mil a*, not ham, tut egg# ;
fiiUMu fare omitted wl.cn Ti.fy leave their evil dreg*.
pire firmly stated, l I un ti e field that «urne day.
* IV •: ku 1 With Victoria The l- gain» played, "
You» g ; v; you ar« mistak» n, Again «our rule to toast .
Our « Kara ter ne'er ctaken,
Yours jeered toits utmost.
1 'is true you've teen victorious, The badges you have won ;
H mail, boys, this is giunnnw.
Htouts letter “ (irahai
r friendly spirit note w<
When the noon hour arrives IU losing tu tlie usual f*e. b ill-will soon
One free meal only granted,
To players for the prize ;
Those were our rules undaunted, None need our food despise.
over
Tie
BOOTS & SHOES !
' mated hurrah.
We have a very large range of Footwear—too large for this day of the year. The quality of our goods is too well known to need another word. For next two weeks we will make prices to
please any buyer.
evening look
well dr nc
One who was Thkhk
V
it txjwled along over our rural turnpikes
SPECIAL RATE* » OR THOSE ENTERINO FOR THE SI MMER KKHMOS WILL HE ALI t‘WED TO Al L 1KM0NK WHO ENTER THEIR NAMES ItEPOP.E JVI.V NINTH.
Drop a Postal for full information.
We have learned with much regret that Mr. Lewis Le Roy, who went to
South Africa with “ D " Battery, i. ont Mrs. J. H. Ralph, of Minneapolis.
ite am &sdm
fever, and that in consequence his brother, Mr. A. VV. Chamberlin, after an chances of seeing active service have absence of twenty-ti been minimized. D Battery, as our read
RADFORD
Mu
ontrivfn
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE
Bryson, - Que.
Come help us unload and secure Bargains you will not hear of again iq a hurry
Yonr <*atch( r tol l our brother,
Ilia mouth he'.J plug, while cheered ; /•*ur own men wishtj anutfct r, ehould gain the prize unjeered.
Y; ur spi*a w, re treated kiudiy.
When to < ur L<»dgf they rame ;
Our j di.<( Bsaed w blindly.
To all tlif .r antaky game.
One word more in conclusion,
•• aurj-aaard ; liai -- i ¦:
k tfii.il $r
vc years,
...	,	¦	,	_ i Mr. Aliuon Chamberlin
era are aware, had been detained at De residence f„r Mrs. Kennedy
Aar Junction for several months, as a A company from Radford visited North part of the force occupied in guarding the Clarendon picnic and pronounced it a,	„
line of communication, ami was only grand success, thanks to the ladies of	"
summoned to the front a few weeks ago. that section
is erect, ng a
¦ ¦
• i
LOCAL NEWS.
J. H. SHAW
n
Fur Organs, Pianos and Sewing Machines, see A. Howard at'Pontiac House.
til till- lti8t
Mr. Tiios. Prenderga^t is improving.
Browny
Was it a Case of Kidnappino X—A respecta hie citizen of the east end, whose
AUDIT OF ACCOUNTS
CF THE SECY.-TREASURER FOR THE YEAR ENDING
30th JUNE, 1900.
The Misses Hynes, of Montreal, visit .	.	.	.
ed their brother, Mr. Geo. Hynes, last	Ky ls undoubted relates that at a
1 Hfce hour some nights ago, he heard
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
a rig
going past at a rapid rate, and above the
Mr. Jamieson, Renfrew, and Mr. \N m. rumble of the wheels the voice of a fe-1 Gur farmers see now since the rains	____
Hudgins, of the brunt, shipped a car- male in entreating and tearful tones, have ceased some prospect uf saving their The Sec.-Treasurer in account with the load of hugs here last week.	| creating the impression on his mind that hay, which after all the gloomy junks uf S -hool Commissioners of the Municipal-
soine fair one was being hustled off much | things seems on the whole to he going to of Shaw ville.
week
Snaps in
Photographer H. Imison, is incapacity	J
Viüztssir'* - *“*"¦ Ir',;uv!L««£X.","Ei  ....   	mi   
mi	,,	been enacted in our midst, suspense Range A, and the look of things there	irreari' of ’nneoi'i^i
Ihe town Council of Buckingham are would he materially relieved if someone U*as a delight to the eye. 1 have only	' ‘
discussing the question of macadam would explain just what the incident one which I may call a good one, and streets and granolithic pavements.	meant.	that ingenuity of a nmn, Mr. Thus.
EÉEïïES ? ï
mmm plipliiSE
IpSEMis eSEsE
1	it, and if more of our neighbors would
follow Will’s example-and I hope they will—our place would assume a different aspect. In corning home I met with my
The families of Mayor Helmet and h-ivnd, Mr. A If. Ho	ho was on
Coat Lost— On lOt.i July, on road be- rc.v# M. H. Scott, Hull, were amon" w?ty to Campbell's Bay, having arrived tween Leslie line and ( ampbell s Bay, the arrivals at Norway Bay last week. * the Otter Lake House at noon Thu raft lady s green cloth coat, bound in silk. | Mr. A. Smiley’s family are quartered from the Gatineau, where he told Information of same will he thankfully j„ |,j6 cottage at the Bay this week.	me lie had done a fine* business in his
received hy Mrs. K. Robinson, Radford, Mr. R Mitchell and family went into bne and placed a large number of sewing (tlue.	I occupation of their cottage at Green Lake Machines and organs. Alf's a hustler.
on Friday last.	I was much pleased to meet the same
Mrs. H.'Hobbs, and her two boys, Mas- evening Miss Agnes Whelen, sometime tors David and Edgar, are at present | teacher at No. 1 here, who had just ar-visiting relatives here.
K«9
DR
turn out wdl
$134 r.7 189 12
IAN03
taxes per last audit W. W. Irelan !, omission, 1898...........
t ,,u! vix for vear end-ing.June 39th, 1900..
c ollected in inti rest_
Elementary grant. 2nd
half of 98 and "99__
vt. grant f* -r rs a périr Education......
1st d months* Elementary grant '99 and 1900 Shaw ville Milling Co., balance commutation
money...............
Mrs. Dr. Knox, monthly fees, 2 pupils.....
J. A. McGuire, monthly fees...............
Grace and Annie Douglas ..................
colleeted in monthly
fees................
4h childrens' fees, per
Collection Roll.....
Pension fund collected
from teachers.......
Dr. Harper, refund....
4 80
Messrs. Campbell, of Arnprlor, and Robertson, of Carleton Place, representing the Confederation Life Ins. Co., were in tiwn on Tuesday.
K28 12
:

I
10 21
G
going1 fast !
Vi\ 00
10 21
For Salk—Team of work horses weighing about 2,400 lbs. Will give three years’ time to good man. — K. T. Martin, Ladysmith.
Our citizens were treated to an outdoor entertainment on Saturday evening, the performance being of an acrobatic nature, in which the artist executed some lather perilous feats from a ladder held vertically with guy-lines.
50
We have the following BARGAINS only now
.. .. remaining : .. ..
One only Hood Square Piano, rosewood case
One Gilbert Piano
One Dominion Square Piano, rosewood case, carved legs, in splendid condition
5 <W
1 :V)
1 Ml
$ 75.
:t!i :v>
• #
# #
e #
134 40
150.
PERSONAL
• #
e #
e #
19 64
1 99
$1978 hf.
150.
The above all on three years payments.
# #
# e
CR
By paid cut as per vouch <-r<
Thos. Wilson, error
last audit..........
Agricultural tax. noncollectable ..........
$1:42 22
10 00
The fortieth anniversary of the ordina tion of Rev. A. Brunet, P. P., of Por tage du Fort, was celebrated on the 11th inst. hy the holding of a picnic at the rev. gentleman’s camp near the village, and the presentation to him on the part of parishioners and friends of a handsome gold-headed cane, accompanied with a well-worded and appropriate address.
For further particulars see
Mr. J. R Horner, .. Shawville,
who is our authorized representative for the Counties of Pontiac and Ottaw a.
2 (JO
1900.
rived on a visit to Mrs. Win. and Miss June .It)
Mrs. Lothian and daughters, Misses I Annie Moore, and her other numerous Millie and Maud, who have lieen residing friends in this section, here since last autumn, took their de- Ivev. Mr. Luinmis, of Greermount, was | rwirture on Thursday for Sault Stc. UP this way Friday, and went for a sail.
Marie, Mich., where their home is local-1 and as it is going to take up too much j | carefully examined the accounts cd. They	intend remaining with friends	"pace to cel ate all that occurred during land	vouchers of > our Sec.-Trea<, and	find
The Ladies’ Aid of the Methodist	In f°w	in Bristol before orocecdin"	mX two days’ ramble I will conclude	the	same	to be	correct.	I	also	beg	to
-,......J -	...HBaæSë
grounds on Thursday evening last, a I h>gan\ liio. .um Mrs. Lnilaerhosv, paid Clarendon School Board. I amounting to $HK).49. makingu total asset
success, and such it was in every respect, Shawville their first visit one day last |	- I of 8424.04, all of which i** respectfully sub
The refreshments were of a quality to w®Jjk«	I Town Hall, Shawville, July 16th, 1900. milted.	*L H. Hoknkr.
satisfy even the most exacting epicurean, !	'*1S- G. r. McArthur and son of Ken- Board of School Commissioners of the	1 ruo, .	’	u‘llor
and the musical and 1 terary program	"lore, Ont, ami Mrs. Mallory and two	Municipality of Clarendon met this day.
which followed did credit alike to the oc-	daughters,	of Duluth, Minn., are at pre-	j Members present, Ralph Hodgins, Esq.,
casion and the contributors.	| sent visiting their sister, Mrs. Geo. M. Chairman; Commissioners, Robt. Smart,
HU Donaldson, of this town.	I John Grant, R. Ralph and Frederick
A bo ut 400 people took advantage of Miss Wilson, of Bristol, for some days Thomas.
the P. P. J. R. excursion to the Expcri- past has been the guest of Miss Louise | Minutes of last meeting read mental Farm on Thursday last. A goodly Lester.	t Moved hy Robert Smart, seconded hy
percentage of that number, however, had Mr. James McArthur left last week! John Grant, that the minutes of last other fish to fry than agricultural sight- for Galt, Ont., to till an engagement with I meeting as now read be and are hereby seeing, and thought little of the Farm Messrs. Goldie & McCullough, the well» | confirmed.—Carried, once the Capital hove in sight. That 80 known mill machinery firm. He expects cent rate was too good a thing to miss, I to be absent about two months.
Arrear of taxes still due Balance Cash on hand
109 49 255 15
>
$1978 80
D. W. KARN COMPANY, L’t’d,
197 SPARKS STREET, OTTAWA.
Church had everything m their ial, held
H. Lang Shaw ville, July 11. 1999.
Toronto, July G —The World has an
In lumber circles it is «aid that the editorial, in which it says that the Em- formation of a large syndicate is under press Dowager of China, Paul Kruger and way* comprising Ottawa and suburban Ai exchange says : While we do not I Israel Tarte are three of a kind. They capitaliste, to purchase a number of -take much stock in the faith cure, yet j are all strife workers, agitating against large timber limits and operate them cures effected, by the laying on of the the public interest, and only use their an extensive scale. The initial steps in hands are frequently met with. If laid , liberty to promote narrow views. Tarte connection with the formation of the on early and often they will cure boys of »¦ doing his best to make the people of syndicate, it is said, were taken because the cigarette habit. A good leather strap Quebec dissatisfied with their lot. if he of an expressed desire on the part of a or hickory switch	should be firmly held	j	not checked he will	pull up	like	the	few limit holders	to dispose of	their lim-
Moved by R. W. Ralph, seconded by	in the right hand	when making the #p-1	China woman and old	Kruger	on	the	its at what ia	considered	reasonable
Frederick Thomas, that Ralph Hodgins,	plication.	|	horrors of war.	figures.
very
on

###PAGE###2###



AM*
IIMMENSE CASH REWARDS.
K.C.MXL, the tbnnki of FurTînmont and a grant of £d0^40 in*> rotutonably lw expected to reap » very rich crop uf laurel*.
i»r may he in keeping her oupboards, pantry, oluaetfl and bedroom* clean, itisaota of some kind will occasionally
and if not
and mix with v iter uatll it ie the cimaiflieiicy of oreim auU six orsovon l lichee deep in the bo*.
rrr~ —:
$V {he Home \
«Rm-
VmVi«h..iVi.Vû»«.'ii*t• » •.«iiniùiI*V»i»\ fur*
S'
Agricultural |
HOW ENGLAND TREATS HER SUCCESSFUL GENERALS.
111.4ko their appearance promptly dispose of, will multiply with great rapidity. An ounce of pi oveut ion is worth a pound of cure,
Kill the box wit h i be young trvee, being cu refill lhat the root* are thoroughly covered with the mud and
witer.
THE SWISS ARMY
lluiirf In <*mtl Solillrrlng—1 IIuke ol UflllN|l«ir« If«*rtli -Hurl horuuuli Mr«|irU n Midi HarreiS-lurd ilulwrlfy lint Hiiil HuHvrt mill Weallh l/rnfiril l |»on Him.
Wh le thj army i* singularly In king in tii<> rich prises which the church
A reliable remedy to prevent and a,h, ,llv |nv hold out an bait a to their destroy the red and blank ants is In /«silou* and capable follower*, it has sprinkle ground cloves around their lm,u^|lt to some of its moat skilful haunts. Ground cinnamon and pul I hen again I verjZt,(j borax ire said to have the
il well
SUMMKR DRINKS.
Cherry Hounoe.—To make a delicious chert v bounce select perfect wild cherries, free them carefully from their sterns and pack in a large open-mouth atone j;ir ; then cover with white brandy, and let stand for three At the end of that time pout the brandy off into anoiher jar, or bottles and cover tightly cover the cherries with brandy and let stand f«u another three weeks the expiration of that time set the liquor aside for future use. Next cover the cherries with water and boil until they are soft and the juice well extracted. Strain and measure the
SOIENTbC VS PRACTICE.
Some friends appear lo hive a j* pieyudioe ugafnet scientific farming and «peak •£ It in a way i bah «would lend one to think that there was a great difference between scientific and practical farming. Phis prejudice eouiee, perhaps, largely from ignorance of the true meaning of the term "scientific," and also because souie snen. p**sscsaing a iheoreiic.il knowledge, hut larking the practical ability and experience neeewsary to aueoee-afully carry out their theories, have made a failure of farming If > he farmers understood that avieiiuiio fanning simply means au at curate knowledge oi principles ami methods •>bi ti#n iUva ly applied lo the husiu< ss
IS It Cam posed KaSIrely of Ullltls, Whe Could Mobil**,' In it Week,
The Swiss army is quite unlike any other; in fuc<, it is a mlliU# force, and every citizen is liable to serve in its ranks for a ;wriod of 25 years.
The conscript has only 135 days of training, during this long period of service, although hi* keeps his clot li-ing. arms and equipment, daring the time. Those citizens who are exempted from service pay an annual tax The conscript has to undergo courses of instruction in musketry. In addition to these courses there are yen* in w hieh he is not called out of training. In those years he is required to fire at least 30 rounds in an acknowledged rifle club, under rigorous conditions.
Cartridges are sold to voluntary rifle clubs at under cost price, the loss to the Government being about $100,000 during the years mentioned.
By supplying ammunition under cost price the Swiss authorities hive done much to encourage rifle aud revolver shooting. Some of the ranges are really magnificent. This applies especially to those at Zeirtch, which are considered to be without equal anywhere. Many of these ranges cost $200,000 apiece
Hie number of shooting club* is remarkable when the size of the I mountain nation is considered. In this population of 3,000,000 there wore mi fewer than 3,440 rifle club*, with a total membership of 210,000 in 1808; these numbers compare with 2,014 dubs and 125,000 members in 1889 A* to the ranges there are a large number scattered up and down the cantons. There were 2,735 Inspected
hence every housekeeper should endeavor to prevent the assault of insects by using some preventive remedy.
Drive Jour teem with wagon box
i w o
andi trees to place of planting intMi wi'h long handled shovels van
quickly throw out the loose dirt, sight, the exirt spot for the tree 4 y
st ake» which have been previously set j for each tree row, while a boy can
Generals a crop of dignities, wealth
bring a tree all dripping with mud
land water from t he I-ox. hold it in
toirte
and glory for winch no other professa mo effect, but we vmu >t vouch for 8j0n kiia itny parallel says London Tit. their efficacy; the ground cloves have p,|t. always done the work for us anil it
place as the men shovel the dirt about it and trump the same
At
In actual money Jhe Duke of Wel-w as not necessary for us to try oth- ling ton’s brilliant Generalship yielded
considerably over £1,000,000 sterling
(iihxl 11wt4 planted m
firmly doiwti the above manner are
u1 most .mu re til be planted so much faster than any other way.
er remedies
to live, hivtidee they
('ockroaches are difficult to destroy. f,,r himself and his descendants, in
Find the chinks and holes frum which addition to dignities and princely they come and scatter unslacked lime pre.M iits almost beyond number, or borax around them
cherry water, so as to make a syrup, allowing one pint of sugar to each quart of water. Add the syrup to the
A CHINESE FERRY.
If ihe*e fail
After I lu* g re it victory of A^saye, in
oa f timing, ail pi ejudive would vanish, tPhe good fai uinr is scientific in lus Kxriiin* Time ixin-rlcncrd «Celling ilie cherry brandy iu proportion to suit
4 ni mi, I • on Henni
Mix equal parts of corn- wh vli he crushed the M ihratta power,
try this
meal and red lead, and add enough g fts p aired on him in lavish profusion
I i h in thin including a sword of honor valued at
the taste, bottle and store a wav in
ope ratio us, and n make* no diUeivme whet her fee gains his knowledge 11 mu books, the experience from hw own exi>ei ieuve. This* mis
molasses to iu ike a m
Femes in China are numerous, and u cool place. The longer it stands the oi	others,	oi	*<> are the heavy carts to be ferried,	richer and smoother it will be in good
The spectacle of a crossing is full of	condition, but. like all other home-I The |lext m„rning ,he pjale5 will be	service of plate, the tribute of his
To get one of the clumsy	made liquors, it is improved by age. covered with dead cockroaches.	He-	anuy, After the greater battle of
lug	la	responsible	urnuy	iuivs.	it	carts down the steep uud shelving Mint Cordial.—A very nioe and rich (|,„ plates every evening until	the	T ilavera he received a peerage and a
would	seem,	for	I he	lack of	appa-cu-	incline to (be river require* consider-	cordial may lx* made by gathering | cockroaches are all destroyed	pen don of jl'2,(KK) a year for two gen-
tium and failure lo make use ui mm b uLie engineering skill, and accidents mint during any of the summer
When the edge months
Spread the mixture on plates 1,000 guineas, the gift of the inhabitants of iV.utii. and a 2,000 g u ne a
p i it e
ami set on the flour in the evening
taken uleu regarding scientific tarin- suipi
SCS
er.it ion*
Ladle*' Skirt. —H iving a box pleat
useful and valuable iniui mauun von- arc not infrequent
Pluck a generous bunch
taiued in t he publications oi t h- ex- l,f I he ferry is ream had t Ik* who!© team which l* perfect in leaf and smelly I p‘* l°wpr portion, sewn to a one-piece uf Parliament, ti marquise le and a pci Liuvail ëLatiuüi ami tbe department must I** unhitched, and euh animal Then pick it over carefully and riu**e | upper portion, with Inverted pleat it flum (lf £|Q;)()!)0; and a little later the of apiculture*. Is it rwaiiuuiable u> got on board as I test it can. be
Salamanca brought him the thunks
lightly in cold water, cover it wel$ hack and a fiva gored foundation pommons voted him a furl her sum of Some u minais make no trouble, and Wll, h p„re .spirit.* and let stand for ¦kirt. Size 24 requires 13 1-4 yards of
sujfptwe t hu i the farmer can be ie a successful iu his business if he has a will give a tutghty bound, landing (he whole of twenty-four hours
of pi.nit Bom#where n everywhere, t«» ¦ t"* m Is u minent peril of any passengers on
When an a initial refuses to
1.4)1 UFO to maiutain hi* dignity as a The crowning victory of Wa*.
At
peel
teiloo was rewarded by an additional grant of £200,000; and among count -
the end of that time aqueeze the unfit gently with the hands iuto t ho spirits in order to ext rant all the flavO! of to bu Igc,—an occui n*uce 11 a mo>t e v e i y ; he plant without breaking it. Strain eu- crying,-its htUd is bandaged and it (hl., jllire into „ |,„t t le
more a vern ale knowledge diseases and ot insert p- e s not ic.,suuibbie that ha may secuio Lot tea- ci ups, if he humvvt ho
I
K
il
board
lti<a other rewards were £6000.1 in prize money, a silver plateau, worth 10,000 guineas, from the King of Portugal,
\ STATU Id IN II YDS PARK
Bw
hr'.if k> A'A
combat those d meases and msec
Mu leaf. Will he be lev* successful if	1 around and around for a «mg , »re away ao the cordial can be made
he understands iRe requirements of time, so as lo induce it to forget all whon required |bi~s soil, and kuows ho.v lo supp.cmvuo eix.»ut the ferry-boat.
At last it is led to the edge and
and then
which oast another £ 10,000, and a magnificent sword from the city of London. In addition to these substantial rewards Wellington won • within lb* short apaoe of five years a ! in i9!,s- »n(1 »'*¦» '* these were really
exceltamt. It Will be of great inlerrs t to know that the largest propor-
To iq ikm this eordi *L boil two cups of sugar with encmgli walter to mike a rich syrup into a quart but tie and add a cup of pure spirits with as much of the mint spirits as is required to give the desired flavor. The strength can be regulated as is desired, but should always be allowed to stand for a number of weeks at least, that it may became smooth to the taste

m
W

It5» uec.de with the emmeuls oi plant food w hu n u uiay lack A Is a likely urged to jump
mou ns do
st raiiii
which it will by no I he n the drivers twist behind it as a
thil' he will ootaiu leas pioduct from hl« si i**k if hs known how to supp.y ,a*^ Rul a stick thvm w ah the nest in , lei mis, .iud at
l€
I
4
viscounty, an earldom, a marquisite and a dukedom, in addition to seven foreign titles, including one of Prince, tion. 62 per cent The great Dulce of Marlborough, I ho ^h'«>ting rungs of 400 motor.,, 437 yds. victor of Blenheim «ml llaraillie*. Then following those having a maxi-re aped a rich hsrvoat from hi* soldier. miinl *hc*»ting range of 606 bietera, 11 Ing Of (ligniiioa he won with hi* l*«r cent., and Uiuse of 000 mi,ten. 10 sword a barony, earldom, marquisat© l>cr cent and dukedmn, in addition to two titles which have a shooting range not ex-
¦)/>
lever, ami get .11 \ lueu at each end ef
h
the stick, while six mure tug al 1 opes w hich are attached to the animal’s burin.
had a un limuin
the least cost 101 1 he pi oduotion ol un k. flesh 01 giow h, as 1 ho casa any bef The at aurais knowledge of all ol these many things uecrssary iar the fumer to know, and practical common sensu aud knowledge in heir uppii. a.turn is what cous.iiutes a good us well at* a avitfUtilio, tanner. Which a* the more economic il lui he practical farmer, who need « ad of hs time und energy to carry on his business, to g.eau all lhit he van of this information and know iedge Hum the work of trained men at 001 «x* peinmnt stations, wiubout cost of time or labor, or to labor tor years under the dm id van 1 agd of no, kuuw-mg ninny of t he th ugs it is important. for him to know m his business. Learning these sans facts ihiough his own experieuct* is very costly.
1.
After a struggle, often lasting half an hour, and frequently after prolonged ami cruel heatings, the poor I va > t a are all on board, where the more excitable prance about among and over the human passengers.
Next comes the moving of the he ivy cart, which mast lw dragged on to t he ferry-boat by the strength of a small army of men.
On the farther bank another exciting struggle occurs cart* and animals is impeded by the M niggles of those w ho are eager to cross to 1 he ot b r shore, and cannot
The mint
spirits once prepared can be kept fur
There are only 4 per cent
an indefinite length 'of time, mi tbut ; gl inch. S 1-2 yard* of 32 inch, or 7 the cordial need not he made in large j.a vur[ii of 42 inch mitorial, with
quantities unless one prefers to do so. ] 7 i„2 yards of bind trimming. The de- °*	ttl1 within t he space of ceeding met ers
Dandelion Wine.—Ta make it in per- R|g„ is suitable for wool suitings, che- WVvn ven )’va,a- A p*n*i<»n of il ! ,000 I f'	ul mv 18 remar s « >r
fection,	gather	four	quarts	of	fresh	vii»t,	poplin,	Venetian	cloth,	cashmere, H *Vv "	NX1M widened on him and hie	| the «peed an ease wit w ic it osn
young dundelion	bl.raoini,	then	cover	b.illi.ntine,	«ilk	o,-	grenadine.	I,n„. the Manor of Wood-	be mob,h.od, it having been e.t,mated
stork	w is presented to him by Perils,	j that in e pinch every eble-bodied man
ment,	and 1 be I*dice of Renhdm was	in Switzerland could be had at the
with four quarts of cold water, and add four oranges, peeled and cut into smaller pieces, with seeds rem »ved« Dover cloeely and let stand for two days; then put into a preserving kettle and allow to heat slowly until thq
TWENTY REST HOOKS.
The readers of London Truth wire
built fur him by the Queen’s di-	capital in a week after hostilities had
rertion at a cost of nearly £250,000. Aa	capital in a week after inutilities
lately asked to name what they ^e |)ukv'a pension was continued lo j were opened.
Uiought the twenty best books in the hv% descendants for 177 years, hia skill world. The following is the result of, aml Vliil>r| like< th;lt 0f the Duke of the vote, following the order of pupu- Wellington, yielded more than a mil-larity : " The Bible," "Shakespeare, lion pounds sterling.
liomvi, laiudi*e Lo-t, \ au; y Hut these two Generals, th * military dit ion to supplying the commuait' *s T.ui,	Dante,	1 lie	1	ilgiiins	I	i	-	gv in use.* of this and t ho lust century,	with eggs make themselves addition-
gress,"	*' Gibbon's	Decline	and	Fall,"	stand absolutely alone in the wealth	ajiy u*.fu| by catching
•' Ivanhoe," " Robinson Crusoe,1' "Car- of money their swords won for them lyle's French Revolution," " The Iuii* To find a rival we must look to the talion of Christ, " " Roswell’s Life of, navy and Lord Nelson, who, in ad di-Johnson," ' Pickwick," ’’ Tennyson, ' tion to large parliamentary grants,
The Arabian Nights," ’’ Virgil," won for his descendants a perpetual Muli re." •’ David CopperfW I,' "lhe pension of £5,000 a year.
Vicar of Wakefield," It is noticeable Viscount Gough, the victor of the that there are on this list two ancient Sikhs, thrive received the thanks of classics, one French and one Italian, bulb house» of Parliament, was made but not one Get man book, nor, it in ty ID run md Viscount, Knight of St.
Patrick, G.C.S.I., and Privy Councillor and received, in addition to tbe^e honors, i pension of £2,000 a year from the Government and a .similar pension from i be List India Company.
Few .soldiers, however, of any country ur century, hive reaped a richer crop of rewards thin our present Commander si n-Chitd,
1 he exit of t be
ODDS AND ENDS.
boiling point is reached, but do not boil. Strain and add four pounds of coffee sugar. When it lias cooled to blood beat, add a slice of toast, saturated with yeast, a id let all stand where the temperature will remain unchanged for four days; then again strain and bottle. The lunger it stands, the better it will be found.
Activity is contagious.—Emerson. Summer Lemonade.—A delicious Kindness out of season destroys summer lemonade is made, that is nut authority.—Saadi.	only gratifying to the taste, but uour-
Age is a matter of feeling not of idling as well For this mixture allow
one fresh egg to each glass. Heat un-
ie content tu wait until the boat unloaded
is
Order is unknown, and it is a wonder that people are not frequently killed in these tumultuous crossings.
#
Native hens in New Zealand in id-
BUTTER AND CUE V >1
rata.
| So useful are toads in gardens that they are sold in France by the dozen for stocking gardens, to free them from many injurious insects.
Something new iu the way of a hun-| pital has been inaugurated iu Paris, mi the banks of the Seine
cream should be
The ripening of done rapidly.
Do not prolong the ( burning or the washing of the butter.
Two and one-half pounds of cream should mike one pound of butter.
Cream, if too thick, should oetlnn-
PEARI.S OF TRUTH.
Trues
np.i before going into h- churn Water is a dissolvent of ch so and years.—George XV. Curtis
which grow weak along the boulevards are conveyed there to recover. When arrayed in his official clothe.*, ' i the Sul turn of Johore, is a glittering
He wean gems worth
Advantage ls a better soldier thin til nearly light, and then whip tbor-
nltmmen while milk adds to their viscosity.
The sugar in the cream should if possible be retained in the butter.
otighly into a plain lemonade and
To make this drink richer
rashness.—Sbukspeu re We may give advice, but we cannot serve cold give conduct.—Franklin
be added, one representative of Am-, » encan literature.
than usual allow four lemons to the
curiosity
$12,000,000. They sparkle in his crown cm lus epaultvts. in his girdle, and in
Contempt is the proper punishment quart and squeeze in the juice first.
The same b rerags may be m ule like
The beautiful is beauty seen with the usual lemonade, only sweetened
with light brown sugar, and Lemon
Rich food will in a measure make rich milk and rich milk will mike'0^ a I feet at ion.—Johnson
A POUR LISTENER
George, dear —
Don't bother me, Laura
1 his cuffs
the most
cçeom.
Usually sweet cream if churned will
1 am reading, and I'd rather road f.hau talk just now.
the eye of the soul.—Joubert
In Java a small stale exLsts*which is entirely controlled by women, with the single exception of the sovereign, who id a man. He is. however, entirely dependent on the three women who form his state council.
An example of patient industry us the sorting of hogs' bristles, as it is carried on at Tien Tain, China. Each one of the bristles has to be picked out, measured and placed iu the bundle of hairs of corresponding length.
Apologies only account for that p el cut iu very fine slices and served
with each glass, hut should be well
make butter of a very mild favoi YVitih the best butter working required is t-o get the but-j ter compact and free from superfluous moisture.
all of ilie which they do not alter.—Disraeli
It lies in our own power to attune shake'll in a glass jar before serving
An hour dragged its way into tho dim, misty past and the voice of Mr. Ferguson was heard, calling loudly.
Laura, how much longer have l got to wait for dinner l It ought to have been ready an hour ago I it was, George, responded Mrs
LOUD WOLSELBT
th* mind to cheerfulness.—Auerbach
Peach Cordial.—To make peach cor-, There is great ability in knowing dial at its best select ripe, juicy peach-bow to conceal one’s ability. —La es. Rub the down off thoroughly axidi
or hive crowded so many honors into a smiller compass of time. In 1870 he was a plain Colonel of infantry, with u distinguished record, it is true, hut with little to -haw for it beyond a fair, ly rapid promotion in army rank Within eight years he had become a General, a Grand Cross of St.
PLANTING AN ORCHARD
Rochefoucauld.
gash them tu the stones. To each peek To speak and to offend, with some uf peaches allow one gallon of French are hut one and the same bia-udy. Pack in a sit one jar, cover
Dig large boles and fill in wRh loose, rich dirt, but save your back , people, and mike yo.ur boises dig the boes thing.—La Bruyere
Ferguson, from the dining-room That was what l went in to tell you, but you didn’t want to hear me talk We have all finished and everything ls cold
tightly and let stand for two months.
Though a man declares himself an Then draw off the brandy from the atheist, it in no way alters his obliga- peaches and add enough cold water to tious.—11. W. Beecher
Do nil your digging possible with tenu plow and harrow, for sho.cling dirt is b.ird and slow work.
To prep ire (&ic ground measure off the tree rows (he desired distance, driving a stake at the end "of ea h row. Start the team and run by stakes sot four feet to the right of where the center of the roxv w..i be; upon reaching the opposite end uf the field, return by stakes set ugun four feet to the right of where the center of the	row should be.	Next	the fleets of the seven great naval	sickness, or can be used as a palatable «
plow out this	eight feet land,	which	powers has just been issued. It gives	leverage, cooled with ice. Put fresh
when finished	will leave a deop	"dead	the following as the strength of the	raspberries into a stone jar and
furrow right	where the tree row is	British, French and Russian fleets in * p,,ur over them good cider vinegar in
> he. Set h.' p On to run ta dit-p 'll" most important* 1 tssos ly, as your team can draw it, and go one or two rounds, this will giv# plenty of loose dirt, and a hole sufficiently deep for th*i Dees.
Michael and St. George, and a K.C.B.; be h ut been tb inked by Parliament for hi* “courige, energy and perseverance' in the conduct of the Ashanti
" u' uv* ,lV* 'oceived a grant uf £25,- ^ jllin marriage license and lb#
pair stood up bcfoie him.
Join hands, said His Honor.
They did so, and the justice looked at the document which authorized to unite iu matrimony Zacharewiei Perczynski and Leokowat da Jeulinn-seika.
Ahern ! he said. Zacha—h'm—b in —
ski, do you take This woman--f and
so forth.
Ye», sr, responded the young mao. l>eo—h’m—ah—ski, do you take Ibid man to be— ? and so forth.
Yes sir.
Then I pronounce you wife, he said, glad to find something he could pronounce; and 1 heartily congratulate you both on having i<v duoed those two names to one.
A SUCCESSFUL UNION
red h 1 it to the strength of a good It Ls by presence of mind in untried white wine. To every three gallons of emergencies tint the native metal of a man is tested.—Lowell.
but you needn't wait anotbm
A Polish couple came before a Jus
minute
lice of the Police in an American town to be married
this mixture, add four pounds of.
The young man baud-
white sugar, stir thoroughly, cover ami let stand for three days, stirring well each night and morning pvui into bottles or demijohns, cork How KwgUiHl, Irmir»- unit Ku«oiu • «ml | tightly and serve as required.
Raspberry Shrub.—This wholesome A return, showing the strength of jrink Ls excellent in case of fever
HER RIGHT
An exchange tells a true story of a Little girl, the daughter of a cleigy-
man who w as ailing, and in couse- | th inks uf both houses of Parliament, quenco had been put to bed early
(AH) ami i sword of honor.
Since then he u is twice received the
Then
FLEETS OF THE WORLD.
was create! a Viscount in 18*5 and Mamma, said she, I want to see my j his since blossomed into a Knight of
tit. Patrick, a Privy Councillor, a G, B., and Commander-in-Chief, in iddilroi io i.. giving 111 honoi 1 ry Presently came the pleading voice. | de g ne ^ from our lending universities I want to see my papa !
No, was the answer, I cannot dim- | Unctions has been rivalled, if not
eclipsed, by Lord Roberts
III IMS
dear papa
No, dear, said her mother. Papa is |C not to be disturbed just now
Even tbi'» astonishing record of dis
the proportion of one quart to two quarts of the fruit. Cover and stand in a cool place for two days, then
Kng. Fr.	Hus.
70	35	42
,	31	lU	12
. iJti 10 11 draw off the liquid without washing . lti 15 23 the berries ; pour it over a second
10S	r	'Hi Quality of fresh fruit and again cov-
1^7 2fifl IN) er a,lt* Atan^ amide. At the expiration
of a second two days, repeat the op-
turb him
The hero has been mentioned
Battleships.
Armoured Cruisers. Protected Cruisers.
Coast Defence Ships.
If the ground is hard and cloddy, | Torpedo Gunboats, • harrow until fine, and, if noceatsary royera. . plutw out the dand furrow* again just' before planting, so there will be plenty of moist, loose soil.
Lei ft be understood tbit first-class I Smythe—It won’t work trees have been received from the Brown —What won’t work f
then the four-year-old*parishioner l’»n*lihir
tweuty-three times in despatches, and I am a sick wo I ^ l< 1 i^eu thanked by both houses
rose to a question of privilege Mamma, said she,
man md 1 want t ...... my ministerî I. Parliament, md m many oi tsioai
by the Government of India. He has
man and
HONEST INDUSTRY INTERRUPTED | wun th* «r *nd cr«»a of three orders
,f knighthood, the Bath, tin* Star of
India
era I ion, and when it has stood for the third time, strain through a muslin big. Then add one pound of sugar to every pint of the liquid, boil slowly for five minutes, skim thoroughly and let stand fifteen minutes tocool Bottle, seal and store in a dark place. When wanted add ice water in quantity to soit the taste.
HYPNOTISM A DELUSION
Little Girl—Please give me a penny, ma'am. Mother is dead, and my fut fa er can't go out at night any more by the doctor’s orders, and so can’t any money.
Benevolent Paaaer-by—Can’t go out at night ? Why, what’s your fathers business Î
Lit 1 G rl—lle'.i a burghr, ma’.! m j and before he was laid up with bronchitis we used lo live beautifully !
ami the Indian Empire; is a | Fr'v.v Councillor and a Knight of St,
I * 11 rick and a Baron; has received doctors’ degrees from the four leading
LEAD POISONING.
Lead poisoning may be mors common than is supposed French physician who was puzzled by the illness of a boy of 12 years, until
the father appeared with the asms trouble, when it was discovered tbs I the family had been using wood from • tarage, • G.C.U., a wh.te lead factory.
nursery, injured roots pruned, side
limbs cut b ick to eight or twelve in-I butcher. Looked at him fixedly until chert iu length, vut h the main or top [ had his undivided attention, then I
Smythe—Hypnotism. Tried it on the
earn
So thinks •
universities in the United Kingdom,
an 1 ihe freedom of a dozen cities and royal boroughs.
L is quite possible that Lord Kitch-
linibe cut off six or eight inches I said very slowly, and with emphasis ; longer tlwu the side limbs.
Place a light box, four feet square end two feet deep, on a .ow wagon | y Of cart, intv which tbri-w loom dirt
That —bill—ifl—paid.
Brown—And what did the butcher
maX yet rival even such marvellous records as thvse, for a man who at 48 has
DESTROYING INSECTS No matter how careful a house keep-
SinytJie—He said : You’re a liar 1
woi

###PAGE###3###
U
i

irr
i
i
7


f 80MRTHIN0 QUITE NEW-
AGAINST CREMATION.
Large Increase in Sales.
What Hoes thin mean ? Why, It means only one thing that the quality ol
TO INDIA BY RAIL
4

SALAD*
On the Farm.
Al
Voeil 4 run men I l»> I'm#, ilniiraii Min liter, of Siiiull),
I he oviionentH « nil ad rooat ph of
If*' limn k|% liiMiilrnl Mlln of Il « ni ti*r
ton I nc.ilnii


All th.it Lh wanliul is th«* agreement between Iti tain and Kunala .in to Afghanistan

cremation are much interested Just now in i slat, liant whirl) h i# iwcn made by a distinguished « hrmist, to the effect that, if cremation should
8*me flavor mn Japan, only more drlitioue. «ver heroine i universal practice the
MAXIMS FOR MILKERS
Already the enterprising | Muscovite has expended the scope of
The ht*mis of the milkers should he
OfiJYLON TE3A. Is selling the tauten of the people.
Leatf Peonages
elsNin and a* soft as possible bring this about wrmh them in warm	1 rnnHcaspian railway to such »
water nod use soap. Do this just be-	that Itusai.ui oars are actual-
lore you begin work
ta 80, 40, 00 end OOo
CEYLON UREEN TEA
world "a Mi p pi y of onal WouM sp * <j-
Ihi.s chemist is
Iy imining well Inside Afghan te» n-Kimhk, mi Afghan frontier

11 y l*e eiluuMed 1*1 ufcKMor ( l» iiK*rm Win-klei
» 4 sr • »
« 4
and t»ry
HOW TO AVERT HAILSTORMS.
4 4
Bate a name (or every cow
cell her by that naiuv, spoken in an town, i« practically in Russian hands,
4
?
of S i x-
nd bis Mlatemriit is the result
*
nrul « light railway in already under ^|„,.|„r HniiihiiMlmriii Man M* en
lit I hr I ».It Inn 1.«nrrnniMil.
on V
convtnitioMl but tirai voice
When cows Rome from pasture the construction to famous Herat ho^-8 cow will lead and the othore will This lif ' t he situation on Afghanis-
DR. HAMMOND HALL'S
of long siudy on this subject HaiNorms have been so severe of ""i Id's population, he says, consists
I he
English Teething Syrup
4.
On the lute in parts of the Eastern Adriatic, of about I , 0 OIU.IHH) pei sons, and of not less and have do no so mm h damage that these* alsuit 31 000 Oof) die every year, railway the Austrian government has decided Now, if ill I lose bodies were to be
reunited, the h mount of coal which
follow. Milk tlie buss cow fuel and fan's northern frontier, eo on to the underling.	South Hi It ish India is
i il Comforts Crying Children.
PSQ POSITIVELY PREVINT! CHOLERA INFANTUM.
" l pilDCC COLIC, DIARRHCEA, DYSENTERY,
• il UUnLO HIVES an. «Il TEETHING troubles
LARCEST SALE IN THE WORLD.
BRITISH CHEMISTS COMPANY.
LONDON. NEW YORK. TORONTO.
Loilow the «âme ruin when ruwi are active
The îleloochiata il
•tu bleui, not only in milking, but in system, terminating at (lu liât an Kar- to adopt the method of mortar bom-*
eg, on the Afghan birder, is to be ex- i bard ment
and already work is being by Herr Stieger, four years ago, and he maintains, he 14,840,000, or, in Do not pushed forward in order to connect found to be no remarkably successful, round numbers, 15 o HI 0(H) tons.
Many y* a is. however, he admits, a re
4 4
«4
first discovered in St yin would he u*v*d for this purpose would
feeding.
Brush ufl the udder dry, and follow tended Hue up with u damp cloth wash the udder with doth and water Kandahar with the Indian railroad
4 4
4*
IT h La will extend I he system over a
4*
tolerably wide area, for it has been likely to «lapse before the entire world
mi list ii ui t« cremation for
unless there is accumulated dirt which system will not yield to tlu Cu.it kind of
In central Asia, Russia is engaged adopted ill (he Tyrol and in parts of decides t
* 4
nd constructing. When Northern Italy, where last year a large the prevailing method of burial, and.
cle.Hnsiug.
m surveying a
Never feed the cow.i while milking,	this is completed all	that will remain	number	of station# were established,	therefore, instead	of laying st ress on
If they art) hungry, fend before milk-	in order to	nuke it	possible to go by	11 '* probable that I he	will he	what is	likely to	h ippen m this far
log; otherwise, feed after the milking	train from	Calais to	Bombay will be	adopted	iu all places where	hailstorms	distant	time, he	draws attention to
The ouwa will wrestle with to link up the chain 1*1 ween Herat *le u 1	damage
their mesa, and, being uneasy, they and Kandahar-an insignificant dis- According to this system moirars immediate inieiest
will step, atop the flow u£ milk and tance of 585 English miles.	011	g'ouml in well re. Mays. Ill) cities in the world each
l«ei baps kick oier the pail.	That link being made, and the Cen- cognized shorn Macks, and are aimed nf M hirh h is a population exceeding
It it best to have a solid seat w htm	Ira I Asian	railway	finished, London	diieclly	at the impending	ci</iid, and	100,000,	and the	aggregate pupulain» iking. A stool with only a single t«. Bombay will mean that the only *w	xv 11 h l,,' ixy charges of p«-w.
liny are fitted with a large,
4
86-y
* 4
• 4
is done
certain statistics which are of more
Ihere are. he
4
[ri‘ b-hred horse# win fhiee-fouffhi of the steeplechase races rri England.
THE PLAGUE
t ion of which is Hj.OOU.OOO.
The nunilxr of deaths in these cities amounts annually to 1 fill).000, and if all these bodies were to he cremated the amount of coal required for this
each year would be 785,560 tons. That such a luge quantity of coal should Is* consumed in this way seems to him highly undesirable, and
Mali# lo Ur «Ilf of I lie I Stletl IH'F'lf* 1«
« wiilrol,
WHAT IS NEEDED
tier
Mi shaped mouth or funnel, some ten feet in height, and, it set-ins, create
foot is unsafe, because, if the animal chance for seasick ness will be on 1 be
Hy every man and woman if they decomfort in this world
stirs at all, in order to balance himself Jl-mile strip of channel 1*tween Do-the milker will use the teat for a sup- ver aiul Calais, purl
It is now about six years since t he
si re to secure
U-gan its advance is a corn she 11er. f'u* narn's Corn Kx-
tiactor shells corns in two or three days and without discomfort or pain. A hundred imitations prove the. merit In lha interval it bas I*- 0f |»utnam’s l’ainle-ss Corn Extractor,
very generally distributed over which is always suie, safe and p»in-
le.ss. See signature of Poison & Co. on each bottle. Sold by medicine dealers.
plague
bubonic
from its permanent home in Central Asia to the seaport towns of China
a rotary movement of the at mo pheric particles, allied to the smoke
My tho straits of Gibraltar and the By putting his hand softly on the Suez canal the distance is 65th) miles, hip of the cow, she will learn to and the time occupied hy the fastest
put hack her foot
. 11 * ¦ , from an eng ne’s funnel, which is capable of reaching an altitude, of six thousand feel or more
pur pose
and India rorru*
Then take hold pen insular and Oriental steamer i* e( the hind tout and then take the j 21 d Leer front one, wjiicb gives moat loon; for both bauds.
W hat is I he exact action by which hail formation
According to common re-
the world
1 y*
port, it is now domiciled in the (binese quarter of San Francisco; and if i*
By the land roule, allowing the ! average approximate speed to lw -6 Milk as fast as possible, without miles an hour by the express trains, ^Locking or Irritating the animal, the journey would occupy only 11 days The process is agireuble to l he row, four hours over a distance approxi-
and she will stand still until the udder , m,,tely estimated at li,7UU English is relieved
us prevented is a question as yet un- i '-n solved by meteorologists, hut I he effect produced is bitialiiciory.
Hailstorms In .South Africa probably excel in violence and power of dedi action any in the world
Peter Regan, the founder
not at all improbable that cases have j United Irbh Lea gu»
ed from Castlebar Jail
f the has been releas-


the United
occurred elsewhere in St but have not been recognized
I
,'4
MONTREAL HOTEL OlSBOTOSV
Tho " Balmoral," Free Bus
AVENUE HOUSE
-------------- t,*,r 'l**- _	___—
ST. JAMES'
Itullway, Kirit cl»»» V'-rumeru al Hot».*#
(.rtveiutnia kates Biudtr i t*
by the physicians who treated fh«-m There is
alarm in this]______________________
out breaks of t he disease in all large cities nu one who lives in cleanly surroundings Hnd
would b • in real danger
It is hy no
however, no cause for for even were * here
Ibis sp ed is on the average
mile*
Never milk with thumb and finger; considerably exceeded even on Asiatic it is slower work and will incline the
»
means uncommon to set iron roofs compte I cj y riddled. England proposes to try the effect of the
rorruguied
là
il
railways, and, of course, doubled on European lines.
a
oow to hold back the flow of milk, and
.	,	...	. Stleger system in the Transvaal
1 wo ch ngca of c iris would Is* live- efier the war clouds have blown over
Ibu» hasten her going dry. Stripping is not allowed in good dairying.
Modern un-
is personally clean
Plague is
pre-eminently a filth disease, affecting rhicKy rats and other vermin and " th* human beings who, like them, live
in noisome holes. It shuns the open carbolic Disinfectant». Soaps. OlnV -ir aui"«ht; ,
In i he ed teg of the far hast, wheie excellence. Th»lr réguler use prevent to/eofi it h,H t^Q raging as an apid-mi for	£t* '
many years, scarcely any white per-	p Qe CALVERT L CO.,
sons h*ve teen attacked, exoep* phy- Manchester . . ENGLAND
uid nurses who are in daily--------------------------------
Brass Band
is Rheumatism ofthe lace.
Uric Acid left in the Mood by disordered kidneys lodges along the nerve which branches from the eye over the forehead,and across the cheek to the side of the nose cause is the same us in all Rheumatism disordered
Kidneys. The cure is like wise the same—
eflHuiy on the journey from Calais—at wet fingers 01 hand tn 1	! the frontier on entering Russia and
milk; it is a nasty habit and ought
i
W. P. C lO.iîL

t
FOU I II K HOST ESS
at the Indian frontier. This would be occasioned hy the fact thit the j Scalloped Fiah.—Shred any boiled i Russian lines hive a gauge nearly a fish ihit may have hee.n left over, foot wider than the rest of European being careful to lak< out t he am ill
hones and pieces of skin. Mix with c*ie.iin sauce, made by melting two denser I spoonfuls of butler, and adding three of flour while melting, and enough milk to m ike the denied quantity of sauce. Flavor with a tablespoonful of grated pai incsau cheeop, salt and pepper. Fill scallop sh* Is with the in x,ure. sprinkle with fine bread or cracker crumbs, and
i
CALVERT’S
not to be tolerated or practiced.
Never convene with olh r milkers— if there are any
the milk will hmdm you from understanding and )ou will have to stop and explain, etc., all of which is contrary to good work of a soft tune to the j by thin of the milking U allowable yea, more than
that, desirable, because the cow a like The Experience of Mr. William it; at least, most of them do.	Smith, ol H&wkesbury, Who
Milch ouvvs and fattening stock fered for i' any Years From should never be driven out of an easy	Kidney 1 roubles,
walk, you have no u«e for a dog, ex- ,
cept poos.bly u trained Scotch collie. ; Kr",n th« Po8t’ «awk^bury, Ont.
Such a dog w ill bring the cows home hvvi > lauly in Haw kvshuiy knows
................................
mms en w.tb a lii t le brown sto a and
I
fhe noise made by
The
railways.
YEARS OF PAIN.
The humming

sic i a n#
contact with the disease; and even of those, exposed as they are, comparatively few hive suffered to those w h i have hid mO'l to do with
Dodd’s
Kidney
A> cording
Instrument*, Drum». Uniform*, Etc
th>- epidemics in those p iris, plague in one of the easiest diseases to control where it is possible to enforce
ls"l ition of t hose at-
Every Town can have a Band
Low eel rrtree r?»-r Qiwl*d Km*-	guf MO Ulus
tratiom mailed fre- Write ue foe Berthing in
Muaio or Musical Instrumenta
the destine! urn —by fire, if WhaÎBy R0yU6 & Co.,
hike for ten mint ues, or until brown.
Curried Vetil.—Boil a piece of lean veal until tender, cut it in small
Pills
s i nitary nil -8 ta rked
possible—of everything thit has mine
ito, < hit , und
VN iohiytrg. Mib
MILLS, MILLS & HALES,
Barrihlerf, tie.
Kemofedtu W'esley Rulldintf*,
Itn broood tot W . Toronto.
intact with the »ic.k, extermina
•LAW
in i
s far as may be, of rats,
ment will not he given to those who turn
favor of using fur t he annihila- generous use of soap and water and »f dead bodies a most valuable opening up of dark places to the air
and sunlight are fatal to the spread
Smith was appointed town constable, and filled that position until recently. As is well known to of Mr. Smith's friends, he has i
the gate being open, they will go In and generally find a particular place for re*t and fur the milking.
i re m
add salt to taste, after boiling up the ? j sauce let it simmer for three-quarter • m,terial. and one of which tha living
n i
i
111!
•Till
very
I
many
suffered milch from kidney trouble
of plague
of an hour. Strain, and when cold
in need if mu h of it is
uny soon b ronsui»*d in this way
WORM Y Al‘l'LUS
Il MIL 111

It is because these measures are iin-
mong the fil-
stir ml o it the veal and rein at slow U
add a little lemon juice, and serve Advocates of cremation do not possible of execution
wl'h.» border of. boiled nee.	! agree with Professor Winkler, neither thy and ignorant hordes inh ibit ing lodol|l„PR,jD, 0,, „y
t hicken Soup.—T.ke	t h^ remains uf j	,jfk^ |jie Flamme, t he representative	the slums of Chin i and Indian 1	h S-	The Dawson Commission	Û0 ,	Lifqitto,
a toast chicken, break '-he bones	org.ul „f t q1(, European cremation go- I	that the plague thrives there. I here Car. West-Market â Oeiberne	St., Tsrents,
- • Z- 5: "r::t.;s:	: ETBZtHEH ssss?
parsley, a small piece	uf haem, an	m grmtwt cities is 82,000,000, it is	p,ruble with those that exist in	the	wm# fur particular,
onion, a carrot, salt	and pepper to	qU^e (rUt, t h.« t the average number	home of the plague, and there is	ev-	—
r-^rr	aœ shk&rnsbs
,	.	. r;#, ..... , L	. ... „	*	,	,	... this country.	B-luoMioaal Works. Mall orders reoeife prompt sites,
three hours: Lift out th<- veget ihies ¦ tru<, thlt ak ,ut half a tun of coal will	- +	uou	0. â J. SASUta A 00, Montreal.
and bones, and rub t he meal, bread
fur quite a number of years pist, and at time* the pain in hi* bic.k was so
There is nothing new about wormy
POULTRY, BUTTER ECC8, APPLE!,
apples except the way to avoid having
them. There are several species uf great that he was almo.it physically
incapable of exertion. He doctored a
sometimes getting tein-
grubs or worms which work m apples but the une which dues nearly all the great deal
The cure porary relief, but the cause of the
damage is the core worm
is the offspring of the codling trouble was nul iemoved, and soon moth, and is the insect which a man the pains
worm
113 Vonge It., Toronto.
iccompanied alternately
by chills and fever, returned. At last)
ihe best general remedy for the core he oams to look upon his condition
which no medicine could per-
wuuts to fight in his apple trees
wuim or codling moth is Pans green.
as one
Indeed his condition
Loudon manently aid
apple growers
others use whits arsenic, but might still have beeu one of much
use
home
be required to consume each body of idult, provided the furnace has to
AN INQUIRY
Dyeing I Cleaning I
pul P e
they amount to the same th ug. They suffering had not Mrs. Smith ultim-
Otber in-! ately prevailed upon her husband t«j
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills a trial
Pour
reheat,
etc., through a fine sieve this puree into a sauwptn, add mure seasoning if necessary, and
Give me the man who sings ai. his be specially heated in each case. Pro- ; work f said (he man w ho likes quoia-
pparentlj i* urnes tiull/<
a n
ror toe very bewt send j >»r wort to ibe
"BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING 00."
'	LonM for Bsent in your town, or send direct
What are you going to do # inquired Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Quebeo
all poison the cure worms
Hie licldeu like jiellebuie. keru- | give
It seamed
feasor W nkler *
the beaten yolk uf an egg just before j (hlt a9 mu.|1 c,w! LS required to conserving. after it has beven taken from
said Mr. Smith to a reporter, of the Post, "that it was a in the hands uf the average man useless experiment, and yet, I
ur Kuiphur are uut effective in
relic
this caw
a child's body as an adult's, the severely practical friend, start un which is manifestly absurd, and that opera company? w he never a body is cremated t iie fur-
MUine
the fire. Serve with small croutons
IP NU
WHS
rncore FRUIT a* AM#*LE-TKEK8, etc. wlH
Lind wners and farmer* demrlng t
uiv	YEARS	IN UMII'M'S ‘pEAR
has to be »p «• illy b*ated for I he	MKs. WINSLOW'S SOOTHING SYRUP hoe	bmm	i„d hVriari X*XXr- ** nd v	out. and	wl
...	Bsed by mother* f	h	»	,J , i	&d#i	a	1 hi Mintnr	* sn eilreme
ih# child. eoftaiiB the gums, allayepam - ^ra#	wl ui	Je prie** Order direct from u* Hy	tine mean*	yo .
iclic. and t* the Lett remedy fur diyrhea i5o a I	ottie.	wqj esve the .jr,,flui of agent* und me‘chant*.
Bold by all truggiii s ihrcughout the rorld; Be rart Pott-paid HIu*trated catalogue of 81 pagr*. with heated, and thus aod oak for Mrs. Wins owe SooLbog Syrup.	directions for preparing re ne.tiee for tile destruction of
oteru on fruit tree*, t ome bumhc*. etc., sen* on receipt of 10 cent* Thk KasTkbh T'iwmnhip NVBsBKf,
of fried bread. If a larger quantity of »oup is required, double - his recipe.
Asparagus and Scrambled Lgg> — Tike six eggs, break into a bowl, beac slightly, and pour into a pan in which there is a little milk, just enough to
h’
Fails green i* the best medicine for willing to do almost anything that
"»—-u. »•——»	\n z.z*
doubted relief, more m fact than 1 had obtained from any other rnedi-I continued their use, and soon
Ml
s
ii. tea
As a milter of fact
the
occasion
t ht» largest crematories at present, the furnaces are a I v\ a y
lie. thoroughly mixed with water at (he rate uf a quarter uf a pound to the barrel,—that is about one pound of Paris grcou to ItiU to 200 gallons uf water. About a pouud of lime ought tu tie added to each barrel of water, which will prevent soalding of the
It should be applied with
11 required to eon-
T hr amount of
cine
Enormous quantities of toothpicks Liwrcncevuie, Qut made '>f walrus whiskers ire shipped fmm Alaska every rear
all symptoms of the trouible that had keep the eggs from siirkmg 11	h''	MU1|Ui u |>Miy fs hardly one-tenth of
m idei my Ivfe one- of much misery for , P-,n-	^ hen the eggs are about ha f what it would b.j uinter oi her cirvum-
m,ny	was g„ne. 1 feel .hat I rooked	gggggggggg
cured, asid have no hesitation m - asparagus which has been previously j pina||y. Die Flamme claims that the saying that t ht) cure is due to Dr. hulled in lulled water until lemb-.r. a inounl ,,f (M,a | w hick is now, or w h eh Will ms' l*ink Fills, and I nover lose The tipi should be cut in small pi < ,s |lk,|\ to ba, used m crematories
“ r jr-asrSK'.
three- 1 put |>'MH*s. and that the value of the sueb amcies-howid never be uted except on coal used ill cregm* tories is by no j.reucrip’iou* from reputable phyuiciana. h« the
mean* »o gmU as ,h. valus of ,h. :	1
I wood used in coffins.	Cure, manufactured by F.J. Cbeuo) Sc to. To- j
ledo, O., contains nu mercury, and la taken in ternally. acting directly upon the biixxi and mucous wurface* of the system. In bu>ing Hall's Catarrh Cure be mure you get the genuine. Il in taken internal y,and made in Toledo, j by F. J. « honey tt Co. Testimonials
Sold by Druggist*, price 75c per bottle.
Hall's Family Pill* are the best.
PACKARD’S
Shoe Dressing
A V B OFTEN HINB HOB
a All COLORS I ALL LEATHERS.
.stance.*."
i m
Beware of Ointments for Catarrh that contain Mercury.
foliage
a spray pump and f ne nozzle.
In case bordeaux mixture is used on
opportunity of recommending the pilfs to neighbors who m y be ailing."
Dr. Williams' Pmk Pills cure by go-
wn
the tree* the Paria given may be added diiectly to that solution at rate already recommended.
jhe first spraying for the folding moth should be made as sikiu as blossoms fall, or within a week after. It is very important tu do this
all together until cooked a hot platter, garnish with cornered toasts.
the
i
to the root, of the disease. They
ind
the l»tr
renew and build up : he blood strengthen the nerves, thus driving disease Trom
In Penetrating Power	DISTRESSING
- -	--### Siiip
tion. Nervdine—nerve-pain cure — is sure to cure.
wu rd
For este by all Arm -oioM SHOE DEALERS
L. N. Packard â Co.
before the little apples Degin to hang goWB their beads as after that tune they du not oatoh and hold tn« poison, i be sent postpaid at 60 cents a box,
or six boxes for $2.50, by addressing the Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Brock-ville, Ont.
Ohio
free
MONTREAL
Yowî Ne matter who roa are. Sow eld you arc, or what r«. pcricnce you’re had, you tea make more money than you're making new, eelli-g out forthcoming book, " I k# teeedl-•n Troop* In the South African War." It will «m l mmr! Nen!v every towa
money i-? « :°;r
W Uvea or friends among the brave boys Ightlag under tke British Rag en the " Oath Continent.* AU are Uteutoi* intereeted In the giut •trueglc there. All will waal ilia book. Only one oflm kind. Written ky a eelekrajed military aeUierlty. Am Ihewiic aad right ue to data, Finely printed and ilioa’reted. lend 5#cent! for Nantfaema Prebgtectas. wilehyea
17$ !» lb-oof to $«, and w
make
more
an effect of cannonading
A German scientist has been rnuk-ubservattous in South Africa the subject of the influence of re-
duns
CamAs cfe+s
-&&U, fldLrv Gy&lV.
THEIR USE.
Little Enoch—Paw, what are fools
good for, anyhow f"
Farmer Flint rock—To teach us l lie results of blowin’ into unloaded shotgun», buy in' gold bricks, guzxlin patent medicines, light in' the fire with coal-oil, goin' up in balloons, skatin' thin ice, tryin’ to beat other people at their own game». Indorsin' our friends' note», lkinkin' we know it all, flirtin’ with grass-widows, sod so on and so forth, my «on 1
NEW EXPLOSIVE.
An Italian military officer has produced a new explosive. He makes use of the explosive properties of water electrically decomposed ; he incloses this in a box or other steel receptacle hermetically sealed. It explodes with a force more than 60 times greater than gunpowder, and nearly 80 times greater than dynamite. He is adapting
this to rifle cartridges, and the Italian Government is making test# in Turin. It is called Cosmos.
mg some
on
He
pea ted detonations on the ear. examined the ears of ninety-six soldiers before and after a ball le, and found marked changes in no fewer then forty-four, or nearly 60 per er experimenters,however, have not found it effective in the case of pbyl-Insome cases he found small
can uee InetcU ef a complete book (i| lake orders with. Freeportea roots ue |e to tend H only to these who ««en bStJaoea. ten retort Pioapertue whenever you wish end gel money berk, of amount will be credited on I set offer. 6*nu TO-oAf.
VC * mot, d Bu g .l>pssit,0ià
on
cent
hemorrhages in the ears, in one case a large bleeding, while tbs firing oanurd the e ige of the ea, drem to Le ome red in thirty
e. L. RUDDY a
van oases
###PAGE###4###

- CW V
THE EQUITY.
the markets.
READ TRIS
???????
And Remember It I
ENTRAL ANADA
Exhibition
Association
Ottawa, Ont.
Monster
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . . .
SHAWVILLE.
^ bi*ai, (>tiuul«tr«h 7.1c.
(|'Us I‘vv I >u s lie I , 20 to 27c*
V lsv l‘vv Implicit oo to V'ik*. *‘ggs» |>vr dozen, 1U
pic-l^ic
At EGAfiVILH) Ont.,
Saturday, Aug 4, l90o.
I SHAWVILLE, JULY 26, 1900
EDITORIAL NOTES
,"u,t‘v. pvr pound, m to tfl< ^ °°1. pvr poll lid, Vi to lsv. ctu li. 4.*> to 7.")c.
o
See our
Tko Itritish Government has passed a bill prohibiting the export of arms to Chinn.
{ ‘'Skills, 10 to .Kk
Greater and npre Wonderfu| than
ever ! Come and be Convinced.
Section Grinder.
farm for sale.
After ft delay of eight years the Rue. siau Government is going to compensate Canadian and American sealers whose vessels were seized in 1802.
,u lv I nvt of Lut Hon the 7th Range of 1	""	of Ih istol, vontiihiing about
‘ nV s uf 1,UI,1’ h,) i’1 w*‘ich an* neared 11 ^ Mate of ml tlx at Ion. Home, havn, ** ,l V.?tn,l other buildings erected there* i>n. i or furtherparticulars apply to
JAMKS Li
Welrsteud 1*. ()
Ivil> V>
vial V.
7.15, a. m,
frvw, lU.tx
leaves H,tiVV s |lt 8.»*. “•u,<
Return Tlcketa good on »„ Tpml|l.
fop thr** days
OTTAWA ;;
s AN D roi>1
Renfrew
U ALKY'S
Return Spee|nl |{. tram lvavv ville at 7 p. m 1
. 1\ S. I)uu |tA| |„
Dim**01
Ott
I\ r, traiu
; Sunil Pol'11: IU’- »
*» a. m.
»P‘
l
uwa
+.9
.	• Hi.; Ren-
Pegulav Hiov,ltl „,lln
It will grind your knives in less time without taking any temper from the steel, than any other Grinder on the market to-day.
W‘v dates for t he holding of our Exhibit ion
tills year are from
UH
It is said that Dr. Landerkih is among the M. P's. who will not seek re-election to the next Parliament. If so, the idea is the soundest that has entered the Dr#, head for some—yes, many years.
#1%
rroin
Teachers Wanted.
à
Ta
/
>u

Vu
UantcU two Protestant teachers with
- %-1 ssre wnrftctiww
l-1'*11®-	AiUIivss.

Entries close 13th Sept.
COLD MEDALS
in list as Special Prizes!
The Largest List of Specials offered by any Exhibition !
The Dominion Parliament was prorg-ued on Wednesday last with the usual
The session was the longest

II. II. SEAMAN. Otter Lake, Qu
X i rr.
^v,vta,v
A few of our
ceremonies on record save one, that of 1885, and will be remembered cheitly for the great things it did not accomplish.
Celebrated No, 7 powers
Teacher Wanted.
Political and Other Notes
ture, is found in the rumor that Sir NV il fjon. Edward R|ak«j ft3 i,lv<,h’ing ujt, |	Sve.-'lrvaa.,
frid Laurier will spend much of the sum- mately the political on*011	) *,lada and	.ndwnith, Que.
the t mted 8 atee.-Ottaws (
L.ut Fiiday>, ou»*» Glll“" P»b|j,h«d
the following item j„ ite news cu!UmuSi and the mtellivence is taken to jndi te that there i, ,omethiug «* more
- *;	- i m. fact lhat llle mm. „t
:rz z I Sf s
reei'gnizM Ih, imp,,,.,,,. ,„d	>“> '"\'^.d Mr. «*';> «W, '	"""
-I.........	,b. C,.,gi.„ V„
Canal, therein displaying his wisdom of Fielding, BUir and Davies on the 0Ct,.in the requirements of the Dominion. When Before leaving the throe nimwters cabled
Mr. Foster next assumes control of the i‘,n1. 11 1 to ^°av* u!lt“ 1 a,r‘v*d in
Paris.
still on hand
o-
No effort will Ik* «pared to make this yvar s Exhibition the best exvr held by the Association.
I hv grounds and buildings are now in excellent condition and up to date inev respect.
SMART & SMITH.
mer at his office at the Capital, and deny himself the usual holiday. Perhaps he considers the absence in Europ) of four ministers of the crown, sufficient reason for remaining at the helm.
JjO difference.
cry
P. S. Binder Twine, good quality at low prices.
O
will be the best that money
can procure.
Wv lift
sHll in the old stand, doing butd* in»"- "ii t he same fair, square-dealing lines .iiui <	» i\'n ly to meet the requirements
of eoi i Ustouters.
Modern and Realistic Spectacular
n	mi i “ ®ahle of Paardeburg
oU£f£ V Wheels and Surrender of Cen-
OOJ	oral Cronje.”
paring the
present season we wish to
d’levt special attention to
N,-\v AND comvi.eti
public purse strings, we may reasonably look for better results in this connection than those that have maiked the actions of the present administration.
H n. Mr. Tar;e anJ IiU fnenU, m ^ joice 1,1 t,le growing titm* or public w ,.k«
It enters this bit»cr protest ,
. .	....	, Tlu'*e »!u> hopcd auair.et hope, thatlhe
It is reported that the (Quebec Govern- government w, u; j ?un), vor a new je“f
t has decided to detach the town- and shaking off t|ie ma!ign u'!-uenCo c|
railway j' Tbers, ..jve no more money p>
, , ,
Crown Lands agency, with the intention prêtions of the 6V8*iv» amount tl) ^ if attaching the same to the agency in j unprecedented 5Uni ( f f»r> nsiiHon dollAr^ Hull. Vntil the rumor ia confirmed wt The g-’•vrh,“ent couter--;i L .Unir>‘
,W:I defer cri.ici.m if «he core, funher ggf
than to reniaik that it is one of a rather • future. Even th0 surprising rever.Ud (if extraordinary character.	| rhe past twelve r.vnth3 cannvt c°ver th ‘
liuve the pr« 8pecî pvf, re tnem if a jar increase °r the public debt.
our
STOCK 01
Summer
This i> the famous battle in which our
Canadians took Mich a prominent and ettectlve part.
See the Hat tie re produced on the Exhibition Grounds.
n:e
Goods
At Bottom Prices.
ships of Thorne, Clarendon, Bristol, On
slv w and Aldtield from tlia Clarendon
|ÿ|cD9UCALL and 0UZNEI{ S Hardware Stores,
°nd r;v. v i\ \ ried assortment newest line-— in the market, 01l*> need examination to recoin lia‘nd them to i ustoniers.
arpr
of tin
l
Sussex and Dube Streets, Ottawa.
Reduced Rates
on all lines of travel.
can
v 13
TEAS! TEAS!
• • • • • 6
MCMULLEN’S
POULTRY NETTINGS and LAWN FENCINGS
I I or Prize list fun! all information
wri
stoc 1
misurj *. It will pay >vu a trial.
(>m
1 in
t-
E. McMAHON, Sec'y,
-d Sparks Street ,
OTTAWA
The Session Output.
If cur members were all in the habit of I,	^lUl ck ' - y	ip
calling their constituents together at the ,xu,trdl J,,:m Cnutract	. \ I;trem
elo.e of n session and telling them what	tînt Dub't ,he>
they had done for the g >"d oi the country |" 1Vt,t. .n n°Jt imp rL ' 1 “L *utke
while at Ottawa performing the public '	f V Van: . holders ** .
business, it would be entertaining to hear !	1 ‘JU* - , ‘	p^eciviO? ^	* .^P’ced
s, me of the speeches which Liberal mem-	' 11 *1 *" V.ic	a Saturday	, t ]K the
bers would uf necessity now indict upm i el'ueT' ‘ j ta d« zm i;J ; L ' ’ were
wimmim
enormous estimates ; they voted down	h d emtr	to	*u and
to refuse ; they—well, what else did they	a,g®.c.; 11 V	although I	,8ed 0f
do ? It is a pity that this custom of giving ^ll8lde J ‘**1 ' but \ them er*to°d i	_
an account of their stewardship to the !, ey llA. exn^ Cllite^	' Iie of,	,	"	0
supporters at home is not more prevalent 6 “lu9t	^il ‘c.nsidv,!! ,the TlllS WeH-kiioWIl and reliable
r;'SnTt,‘“r,,tr bS'"; w	s <‘is iw
nothing in this programme which will .	T , ------ ,	flS USllal to meet tllP 1*0-
hclp forward the progress of the country, WinriPv-« ,Ju y 21.—Th° l!«-'Partinent	:rp.	r
and open wider the gates to the world agriculture is now receiving -he Usual qllllilUents Oi the LUT1KT5 wide prosperity which is now happily July crop n P i ts from various ’i^artera ! of tllO rmmtv visiting the earth. It is a record of party u. the pr<>' luc9* a’ud when fP ’l* l) to 0ll j 1	lit}	,
manoeuvring—of breathless chasing of l,le subject, Hou. David*un S1|d tliey ‘ the butt silly of popularity—of reckless wepe not at aii encouraging .8°	,• One
disregard of old-timo pledges, of dodging “ an reported that out vf pine y^ousand charges, pooh poohing scandals and white- lcrea sow» about four thousand wo^ washing all who needed it.	never be cu- and the reniaj:iat‘r
though the Liberal members will aot averag- (,'ur eight bush1'*5 to an acre, not give an account of the session, the ( 11 her reports were scai'cc;y ni're en press has, and the country knows the couraging and on@ man preo. • a a tlu_ worst as thoroughly as if the majority of "ier°us cr1 p ot tivo bushed I L'r acpe ju the Vitaline Committee had framed a rc- “is district.
port bringing in the Sergeant-at-Arms “ There no doubt,”	r‘ 1>àvnt-
guilty of wasting the time of the House. 8on» “ that the crop ls not improved ftg -Montreal Star.	much as M b<*n hoped for 1 do nol
expect to see more than live oushela 0f
an average on the acreage.
t
Arc ao* Surpassed in the World.
.«five then

%

SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE’S CORNERS.
Wm. HUTCHISON, N|. P.,
President
T. C. BATE,
Tien .tirer
3 Tlieir
(vsffiii Wire Fencings

I». s. s
ON PA<
Ma<sk> Ha pris (.'os Sii;viai.s
A and ! H uf Piuzt List.
f Micce>-ful
in nu un i ruilvt
PONTIAC

MAM. THIS W Alt ON
Dale Bros.
HOC FENCING.
nee
WOOLLEN
These Goods are all manufactured by the Ontario Wire Fencing Co., Limited, of Piéton, Ont.
Practical
Tinsmiths
SHAWVILLE,
lor sale ! \ the Hardware Merchant-*and General Dealer- throughout Canada
Canadian Harcwai e Jobl ei s.
The G. Greening Wire Co. of H Agent for Railway Fencing : Janies l £3** Corresponde i ce with Manu fact
Mso
mills.
i
GEN. AGENTS
1 Montreal
t oi
per. Moi
incit'd
*
Wanted
Are well equipped to supply all the demands of
THK SPRING AND SUMMER TRADE with a complete stock of all ncec vsary articles in
An experienced canvasser, or a man with good
chaiactei and address, with the necessary ability to travel from town to town and
Our stock of Cloth,
TIN and AGATEWARE.
Includingai] tllv finest make- in
Orders for Special Articles will receive promt attention. Tin Roofing a specialty,
appoint agents.
No canvassing. Salary and expenses paid, tion permanent and promotion according to merit.
The Bradley-Carretson Co., L,m,ted.
BRANTFORD, ONT.
Dut
SERGES,
tweeds,
worsteds,
&c.,
Posi-
HIGHEST PRICE PAID
for Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Cowhides.
w ill !>e f'choice and complets in every
respect, and at money-saving prices.
A CARKFUL INSPECTION invited.
Mention this paper
Major Borden Killed
A Hopeful feature
M Pretoria, 17th July, 1000.—Begret to inform you that Borden's son was killed in action yesterday.
(Sgd)
.303 Calibre.
LONDON PAPER ON* y sTER8 A***ROv OF OTTAWA s Ca> aL SCHEME.
The Financial	0f London $
land, «aya :
A hopeful feature in the projects c,r
the Montreal, Ottawa snd Georgian Bav canal is a letter which Mr. George Foate/
tKSsS *a^tut132ïr*
, - .............*
css.'-	s^fsassiiB v-“nicEmption	^„ Hi=^„
province, he took a lieutenancy in the I ^blÇh the Dominion government play ment at u *t^eting of Çf’^J^onyre to | of a volcano disaster in 1888, broke into cord fzoin Marshall, Mich uva Snow
ss mzssr- - -8- H afsaseai sr»» |	ass	JMr.irjs-j.ti Ehr
5|?r-5S;p ;K".t "«;s,3 SS-^œtiFHSSi,1 :;'lr,reTM3"iii™ï S IttLS. s ^ si
third year of medicine in McGill, Mont- preliminaries 8hall have become a little thereof " gdemlres, «bjll pay the j great damage was done in adjacent dis houses aud breaking class ’	8
real. Beside, being every inch a soldier, ™re matured.	•	««gg wl AÏ j“e*Db,*y %%%% ‘riots.	, *'
Ue
al
A. HODCINS
vroro prietor
* #U. *	--------

9
“Roberts.”
Such was the sad news received by the Militia Depaitment on Tuesday last, i d it is need lass to say it cast a gloom over the House of Commons and the Senate when the information became public
Young Borden was the only son of the minister of militia, and was a lieutenant in the 4th troop, of “B Squadron, 1st Battalion Second Contingent ; he 23 years of age. He was ti feet 3 inches in height and 189 lbs. in weight, a perfect figure of a man and of excellent physique.
He had been soldering all his life, and although he was the commanding officer of the King’s Hussars, in his native
Savage Magazine Rifle.
Public Notice.
O
t
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
Tbc Only Hammerles Smokeless 6-Siiooter.
“"Mm Sm£ &SSSS8"
was
-A-XfcMCI CO., UTICA, N. Y.. V. S. AMERICA
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadien Grocer end Storekeeper The Hardware end Metal Merchant The Orf Seeds Review The Beekseller and Stationer*
Samples Free
JIUcLEAN PUB. CO.* Limited
¦ ¦Mepoeei-exploiions by Fenian
r
###PAGE###5###



>
r

3

THE EQUITY,
\VAJS7î:i,7,Ionf!lt man or women to tra*
!v Mmi /l'Large hou*î : «alery $66 month-
A Weak,, Journal do.ot.d to Local
Monday, July 16th, 1900.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, limited.
PUBLISHED SV EU Y THURSDAY
AT SHAWViLLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE. SUBSCRIPTION—# 1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
Œ3*" No paper ¦ topped until all arrearages e paid, unless by special arrangement with ubltsher.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
Court Shawville,
No 276.
-OO-OO-O-
To-day inaugurates oar
{ I.O.K J
A. SMILEY, Prop.
ÎM.
:
Meet* the llli Wed new day of every month.
Court dues must be paid yj promptly every month.
^ Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
:o:
Big CU f-PRICE Sale Farmers
ADVERTISING RATES :
Legal advertising. eight conta per line for first Insertion mid four cents per line for each auUxenueut Insertion.
Business card a not exceeding one Inch Inserted at $100 per year.
Local announcement* Inserted at the rate
of live cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or i®* longer periods Inserted at low rates. Which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instruct U*»in accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free hfcharge. Obituary poetry three cents per Hue.
Mr
f. A. Cowan, r.s.
j Consider a Moment 1
When about to buy a new Binder, why select one that is full of defects, when you can get one built on modern and correct principles ?
H. H. Baknktt, F.B
J. W. Fades, <’. R-
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
of all Summer Goods !
81 Nepean St„ Ottawa, Out,,
Lumber of All Kinds Bought and Sold.I Shoppers
cannot afford
Prompt Attention given to all I tO tide! V ! Commissions. Prompt	*
Returns.
Commikslou Business a Specialty.
?
Best Bargains go first !
Now for Cotton Hosiery, Blouses, Wrappers, Crash Outer Shirts, and Fancy Sateen and Pique Underskirts, White Gowns and Ladies’ Underwear.
O" See the new Khaki Skirting "CS
A regular sweeping up of Men’s Underwear and Gents’, Ladies and Children’s Straw Hats. Special drive in Ladies’ Silk and Taffita Gloves.
Special Bargains in all Departments I
COXSIC.XMENTS SOLICITED.
?
The Frost & Wood
?
I
*
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
New

JOHN A. COWAN,
Rmkrek, km by PkrmiAltos :
I' iiIh Murphy, Pros. Ottv*a Tranunorhttlon Co. I . JN • Awy,, Hull Lumber Co.
J. T. Shi,rill, B. II. E.My Co.
LiV à Mrh >uga!l, IknUtari.
John Hrney A Sons,
II. X. Ilite & Won.
No. 2 BINDER
Publluher.

<*4
Business Cards.


MEDICAL.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIJN SI^ITIj, Proprietor.
s
COMBINES ALL THE LATEST AND BEST IMPROVEMENTS TO BE FOUND ON ANY HARVESTING MACHINE MADE. SEE IT.
F. M.A. McNaughtoq, M.D..C.M.
Graduate op McGill University,'
Office—Residence of the late Dr. If. II Knox, Shaw ville.
The spot spot for -
Headquarters for
Stylish Rigs, Wagons, Harness, Harvesting Tools and all Farm Machinery-
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M.D..C. M
Farmers’ Attention !
y
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fell,,# by examination of Trinity Me,l. College. Toronto. Omca and Hiuidmck ; J. 11 Armstromom Ilot'iK, MAIN STREET - - SHAWVILLE.
AiT Your Turn next.
We make a specialty of keeping certain lines of
established 1886. |s°°ds not usually to be found in other stores. Be
' sure and come direct to us for the following :
Portland Cement, Plaster Paris, Plasterers’ Hair, Cylinder Oil, Sole Leather, Grain Cradles, Cradle Fingers Galvanized Iron, Nails, (all sorts and sizes), Tarred and Dry Felt Papers, Bain Door Hinges and Rollers, Herhageurn—the great animal blood publier ; Window Screens and Screen Doors,
Glass Gum Jars, for preserving time, Snyder RiHes (long and short), ammunition,
Barbed Wire,
Tangle Foot and Fly Pads
?
f
A. SMILEY - SHAWVILLE.
Tho Shawvilla
LEGAL.
SASH ami DOOM
BOÜRBEAO RAINVILLE, L. L L
t
)
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
WILL VISIT SHAWVILLE EVERY M ON PAY.
—ALL KINDS OF—
• ? •
' ? *
» ? '

u
Interior & Eilerior
THE IMPROVED
Alpha de Laval
FINISH FOR
Souses & Verandahs
manufactured.
WM. GAMBLE,
r
%
BARRISTER, &c
Ropm 2d, Trust Btiililing, No. is Sparks
St., Ottawa, Out.
At tibawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
VTIce—over G. F. Hodglus* Store, Main St.
•f
POORS, HASH, NEWEL POSTS, PRESSED
.LUMBER, Ac. Ac,
Kept in st. ok and made t> order.
LUMBER PRESSED AT POPULARPKIUES.
Pure Paris Green,
I
i

m
s, &c.
I

r
t
l
BABY No. 1
Thiijk of tye worry arjd expense saved by buyiqg hero !
CEO. C. WRIGHT, M« C1ŒDIE&IIODGINS.
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C-,
n r iflft
wil! save you $10 per cow
per year
The prices are net at list to one ami all alike
Estimates furnished.
c €3$-. r. zâ."o-joo-s:2isro
V u
OF THE PROVISO K nr guLliKt
Molsons* Bank Clmiulier* -
II Met jilfe.Sl
INEW -DRESSMAKING-
SHOP
Ottawa
Phone No. 1172.
Law I,usine-< in Ottawa and Pontiac Dis tricts attended to.
no
aSE 4"

discount.
For Sale.
Recent floods in T. xia iro reported to have caused great loss of life and erly.
SrA, ,
W. W. IRELAND,

Vj

prop-


I ue Sont 11 Hast Half of Lot j) ami S. E. Hallo/ 21 in First Range of Lit hfleld. 200 acres, known as tin Portions Iarni ; i uahle vi I lag,
'
Write for particular/ to
r\ j

Clerk of the District Ma gist rates' Court,
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deed*, Mortgages, etc., executed legally it ml satisfactorily.

It is sud en E iglish syndicate $3,000,000 capital may atari j.u^e works in Kingston.
Capt.C. A. E. Patterson, of the 85 h battalion, Montreal, has ifLred his services for war in China, in case the present troubles assume Mich proportions that Great Britain will deem it necessary tu send out move troop*. He also offers to raise a c mpany of 150 or 200 men for that service.
with
iron

W. S. CLARKE,
AGENT FOR PONTIAC,
MOREHEAD, - - QUE.
i V
(Ox op G. F. Hod^lns’ Store)
!
property, l wo miles from Bryson . do bv •sold on
t*
SHAWVILLE.
is\ terms. Apply tu .MAII.KS COW IKY.

Cl

i...
SHAWVILLE - -
QUE.
Bristol.

I
i
The iiinler^igm
i
' to inform the hvlic' of Siiaw ville and surrounding country t lint she has opened
or.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
GEO. HYNES,

a dress-making shop in tin* room, over (î. F. Hod gin ' 'tore, where she i- prepared to execute all orders in that line according to the latest styles, and in a prompt and satisfactory manner.
NOTARY PUB LI \ N OTARY FOR THE RELIANCE I.oaN AND SAVINGS CO.,OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON I ASV TERMS.
BRYSON. -
Will he in Shaw ville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.






FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - ¦ QUE.

QUE.
<Jà> "
Pierreville, Que., July 18.—The Catholic church of the Indian village of Abenaki* was struck by lightning last evening and completely destroyed. It was ii century old and had been recently restored, making it one of the prettiest churches in the county.
Mr. C. B. Major, M. P. P., of Ottawa
county has purchased an island, 800 acres in extent in the Lac Dvs Isles, north of Buckingham, where he will set men to du farming on a large scale. It is his intention to have 100 acres cleared at once.
The Lac Des I-les district is said to be one of the richest in Quebec.
The British Columbia Legislature was opened on Friday by Lieut. Governor Sir Henri July. A feature in the speech from the throne was a promise of a 5 cent tonnage tax on cal, which it is paid will cost Premier Dunsmuir about $35,000 a year.
Montreal, Ju’y 18.—Mr* Antoine Fuisy, a farmer, residing at St. Charles de Richelieu, was killed on Sunday by a savage bull which attacked him while he was crossing its pasture. His family alarmed at his long absence, started out to look for him and finally his son discovered his mangled body. The same j animal some time ago almost killed a ! man named Messier.
A call solicited.
T EE
Farm for Sale.
MISS McHUGH.
R. MITCHELL
PORTAGE DU FORT
July 2nd, 1900.
The undersigned offers for sale that de sirahle farm known ns the Stanley Farm °n Lot No. 17, on the Pth Range of Clarendon, containing 188 acres of land, more or less, with house, barn and stable erected thereon. The premises are well watered with a nice lake. For further particulars
apply to WILLIAM STANLEY.
Charteris I \ O.
BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
for the District of Pontiac. Ortlce, Main St;, Haawville.
Accounts collected and prornp* returns made.
District and Country.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.	*
IN UNDERTAKING
Roller Mill
/¦NZ'
Ottawa citizens are blaming the Government f r delaying the construction of the bridges across the Chaudière.
Mr. P. G. Nash, formerly of Bryson, and Mr. Thos. O'Reilly, of Aylmer, have returned from the Yukon.
The first raft < f the season reached tl e head of Calumet slides on Tuesday—a small one off Crow liver belonging to Gillies Bros.
The Ontario Temperance Alliance have decided to ask the Ontario Government to pass a prohibitory law similar to that in Manitoba.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
OAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT 13 Shawvllle. Que., respectfully solicita enragernentaror any business 1 u connect ion with all Court#Iu the County. -'ollectioua m idea ml p -ornpt return aaaau red
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
HAYING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
WANTED !
GENERAL.
JAS. HOPE & Co.
ANUFACTURINO STATIONERS,BOOKSEL 1er*, Bookbinder* Primera, etc. Depositor) f the Ottawa Auxiliary Bildedoviety,Ottawa,Ont.
FRESH and CURED
M
First Quality Flour.
An Active Canvasser
in Pontiac County, to work
amongst farmers, to represent the LARGEST NURSERY IN CANADA,
STONE & WELLINGTON, of TORONTO.
Permanent position to good, steady man; pay weekly, free outfit and good terms. Splendid local references will be supplied
MEATS
J. J. TURNER,
SS Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
Pontine Sales conducted in a butines*!ike. ..	__#
and satisfactory manner. Goods or articles | ation, 19 the name ot a new religious sect
of any kind taken and disposed of by public j that is operating in Toronto, or private sale on reasonable terms. Pub-
moOra’aalwTwo brother, named Carpenter hand for sale; office : Shaw ville, Que. drowned in the Petewawa river a few
days ago while in the employ of the Hawkeabury Lumber Company. They were employed on the drive. They belonged to Masson.
The 44 Fire Baptised Holiness Associ-
of all kinds at
JOSEPH BROWN,
THE SHAWVHE
IVJeat Market
J. fl. McGUIRE,
were
Proprietor.
FOR SALE:
A quantity of—
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
HOTELS.
as to our stock and reliability, to assist in canvassing.
The death of Mr. Timothy Battle, assistant collector of canal tolls at Ottawa, placed a billet at the disposal of the gov-ernnient, which in filling they have engendered the disgust of sundry Ottawa Liberals who had an eye on the job, which has fallen to the lot of a Kingston man, Mr. Daly, who gets an increase of ^a ary. Mr. Battle had $800 a year, and the now officer will draw $1,000.
St. Lawrence Hall,
Apply to
William Johnston
engineer at the Royal Military College, Kingston, drop ped dead Wednesday beside the coffin in which lay the remains of the late Captain John Donnelly, sr., who passed away during the night.
C. K. GRIGG
;
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
RENFREW, Ont.
Proprietor.

Good Accommodation. Table and Rural-ways well furnished.
FÏ*8TCLASS Livery attached.

Bristol Wharf
O
THIS IS THE SEASON
PATENTS
Mis9 Annie Robinson, of CarUton Place, was found dead in bed at her home on Sunday last. It was thought she had been dead several days, death being due to heart failure. Deceased lived alone and was aged between forty-five and fifty.
Lt.-Col. Sam. Hughes, the gallant member of parliament, who has distinguished himself on the battlefield cf South Africa, has been dismissed from the service.
Unfortunately for Sam, he seems to be suffering from the affliction of too much
r.,i„ »«. <i.,. ,r ,h. i	,r „pss
Bristol Wharf and Sand Point will continue to do so this season as follows :
Leave Bristol Wljarf
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8.00 a.m., and 4.00, p.m.
FOR

Ice Cream Fresh Fruit,
Choice Candies, Confectionery, &c.,
FERRY
/PROMPTLY SECURED!
1
0
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
Write for our interesting books " Inventor's Help and •• How you are swindled.'1 Send us a rough sketch or model of your in-, vention or improvement and we will tell you, free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. Rejected applications have often] been successfully prosecuted by us. Wei conduct fully equipped offices in Ifontr-al. and Washington ; this qualifies us to prompt-] ly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents] )as broad as the invention. Highest references] j furnished.
) Patents procured through Marion & Ma-Irion receive special notice without charge in jover ioo newspaper* distributed throughout )the Dominion
) Specialty Patent business of Manufacturers ana Engineers.
MARION & MARION
; Patent Experts and Solicitera.
fe» I KtKW&KStSK
CHANCE OF TIME.
! h e^death t 'report e d tmkLl	I KffiStilegS'to "be Kh of’lu,
dismissal.
and
JEWELLER
these 307 were of infants one year old and under. Sixty-two per cent, of all the deaths were children, twelve months old and under.


KEEPS
A SELECT STOCK OP
WATCHES,
CLOCKS.
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.
Thomas Marks, hotel keeper of Kaz-ubazua, was shot at by an unknown party while he and several others were return-y a I ing from a fishing trip on the night of the first 114th mat. The shot was fired from a re-


Allto be had at the popular Fruit and Grocery Store—
Leave Sand Point
Capt. Towee, who lost both eye# b
ia the
soldier to receive the Victoria Cross at I volver, and the ball struck Marks in the the hands of Her Majesty. The deed for j left hand injuring two of his fingers, and which the distinction was recommended causing a flesh wound in his thigh, was his attempt to carry off a wounded of- The affair has caused considerable excitc-ficer under a hail of bullets.	i ment around Kazubazua.
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m.,

Repairiwi-
a Speciality:
D. WILSON’S
Meeting all Trains.
GEORGE BALLANTINE,
Ferryman.
»
SHAWVILLE, J.
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE,



###PAGE###6###

K7-

v

\
¦ *n4

*
i

till .‘•he xvA.t quieted. Il« had never with him ?veil her cry before. It hurt him de- And I van't help it lie ion ly. lie realized that they were inserting a dale into their private
• history
! neither of them would ever lose the vivid memory of thin hour.
Aftor .she had gone to he! own room
Oh, why do thing* hurt me •of* rare ! think hit'll crone out nil right "
An<IM)i« âixtin^î ” hhe loudly
THFY WOULD NOT BITE.
Ihil I'm jealous, jenlousl
A W oma n’s Whole Existence
a he exclaimed, clasping but h mi him tightly around her pillow l had to do it. I couldn't twai it any ; over her all night, aida l>y side will
Stephen, do red ferra the question. It hud hung
'•«me (¦mil Hurtfuln* Hint Have IferO
Hl»*e4h
Drake came up to see her the no it morning, looking tired and worn. "Was the play too much tor you f"
Some short while «litre * jeweller, when starting business in urns of the northern towns of England, sought to attract notice, and consequent custom,
her fear of his life. Onn he go on with
tii.it?'
longer, and, oh my dear, you won't suffer like this.*'
A sound of wheels in the empty et reel made her start up, listening, t he swift clash of hoofs on t lie asphalt seemed to be spelling out her name. She went to the window and saw u cab draw up to consult the nuuilaws, and then appiouch mure slowly. There was still a faint odor of smoke in the
th.it whatever happen vil
he sa Id, i h n w ing ii mwlf down on i bv iliv,i n
Oh. vfs, I ihink so, when he in hi l ong enough,'
lie held out his hand to bel
" The soul has growing pain* as well b* the body, and every woman capable *f groxvldi must go through them when she learns that man's love is of
but she stood leaning on a chair.
"Yes it was." Her voice sounded coil'di.lined. "I've thought uU>ut it ill, night ami I can’t see any xxay out of it. I’he truth is, Stephen, I'm 11 ills'll va lily je# loua."
"My dear girl! What on earth------"
Oh, I know how you care for me! It's just tbit I can’t bear it, to see you and me second,	m.ke love to some one else like that.
I shall never let	h hurts me like knives! I'm ashamed
him	put	me	first. Oh. my dear, my	of it but it's ao true thit 1 mine
dear! I	wonder if oilier go Is care	away sick and cold last night. And
like	this	?"	I was Jealous at 'Lady Hetty,* too,
though I wouldn't confess it."
the theater was crowded on the l)r ike came and put his hand on
Lady Betty." Rose her ?boulder.
atne of "Is there something you're not tell-
that even if she had nut been sup- ing me, Elsie? Have you heard any ported by Stephen Drake, who had *• *> tal.‘.s about me? ri*en so wonderfully in the few years ' holiest ly. I shouldn't believe of his stage life that he was on the them if 1 did. It’s just sitting there verge of becoming a star himself ami-watching you. It kilts me. If There had lieen nothing meteoric >’vu scien t such a good actor, or I, about hi* career, tit had been the *‘vh a good lover, it would be all steady, sure advance of talent and right." she ended, trying to smile.
serious ambition.	“1,1,1 *oU k,l0W H $* *™ry bil 1“‘t’
KNe sat back against the wall of W- You will realize that in a lit-
the box and shivered with cicite.nent tie while," he urged. "Truly, Elsie,
w* the preliminary scenes dragged VuU "'ll gvl USt'li luit-themselves out on the stage. She xxus Sh<‘ lifM hi* h,n«l 10 ht‘r ,ace ftml very happy, and very proud. How the bil jt ***"* with h<xr people w on Id sit up and stare and u,,,h. stamp f'»r hei Stephen! 1 hay would call him be for* the curtain, and he would smile at her and —
I here waa w laugh, a door was flung open, an<l in on me Drake xva»s rumpled, out of breath, and shaking with laughter— such	laughter!
I he house roaied in sympathy, with no idea why, as he mopped his eyes, and broke out over again.
Luly B tty a fia ion head was thrust through i ho portiere».
"You didn't, you didn't !" she called mockingly.
"I will, then!" And he was off after her with an uUimlon that endeared h in for the evening xvilh ’he house.
by displaying in his window a dozen
She caught his hind in both hers
"l iiii so thankful,” she whispered |silvei hruoch<M, each worth ten shillings, Iml ticketed only t w u shillings,
Merruiio, ill modern clothing, came |ûtid twelve similar articles in gold,
w li < h. though ©outing &% Ü». apiece.
Elsie sut with her arms on the window sill, Mating out over the ocean, ttil a clock striking two, startled her
back t<> reality.
* 'Oh, he is wonderful !
1 — 1 couldn't b i ve home I hat
his life, a thing apart."
" W hat 1 can't realize." sa.d Elsie,
*' is that you are Drake the actor. \ ou ^ ,i ti a deep breath, don’t know how it starthw me, when Uv V(l |,^v tbat before
in w itli an enelope in In' hand
"Here s a letter for bun Will >ou | were «»ffeiat the same price
former, any» a writer in London Tit-
ehe said, No one ever the world
The
take charge of ftf
•• Yes—I'll take chaige of it/ Rant | Hits, had a quick sale, but not until
the tradesman had cnnsUlem bly
air
l he oab stopp'd at her house, am she
I'lingtng on a wrapper, she stole downstairs and opened the front door. A grote*i|Ue figure stood there, wearing a modern overcoat over medieval slashed L links and silk t ighta on hit shoulders, hut his face was while kwhind the marks of Ins make
1 hear one of tbs piazza ghouls point ,>ll( go w;|,| ovw- him ! lie must live you « in, or see I sill) In tie gi; h
Elsie, slipping it into her pocket
h.ul known it would
for his work first piling m jour pathway, to me you Whatevtxr happens art juM *’ Drain leaned forward and
rah«Ml t he amount originally demand* ed fur I bo latter did they find purchasers. A gold brooch for two shilling* ! You don’t catch us with I hat
THE FLY AS A BALLOONIST. •
mi l her eye* squarely.
" I am	Drake repealed
* A man—”
Well r
•' Whom l—
Alr*lil|M ire Uubhlfi lloirtfil from Tlieli- |chaff, thought every one, and to theil
MihMNiuent regret they refused t« hite.
His hail fell in cm In
MfllllfH.
A cording to Messrs, 1 M. Aldncii .1 u«i L A. Tun ley, two well knuwn hui iqiv.ui zoologists, in.in is nul tbe
opening night of Albert on would have been
In the winter of I8!*h a dealer in curio* and antiques, who carried *u business in Seymour place, Mary le ho n# J road, exhibited in hi* window, for a
* '• Well T
" X ou may think tho«e girls are «Hiking ill rough that tele*copt tliev aren’t
up
' I ), His Miss I} I sic Mcher live hear P lie a*ked, su unconscious of his appear, a nre that she stiffened herself to meet the worst news of all.
1 am Miss Mcher."
" I hen you’re safe "Drake was in such distress about you that tlie doctor sent me-"
"NX n it do you mean / What has happened f”
" Weren’t you at the theatre? Didn't you know that it took fire—”
Site vilight his coal with tmolding bauds.
only living living who delight » to go sky ward m a balloon. Thorn are certain flics, they say, which invariably gn through the# air in balloons whenever they get tired of flying in the
tint
said Elsie, nodding to-
wager, a heap of coin*, among which, in a prominent position, were a nuni-tier of English sovereigns, surmount#. 'Iiiv.se unship* alv|ed with a ticket inscribed "The*#
wards u group on the other side of
They're watching
X vs
the wide porch even movement you make
he exclaimed
oidinary way
composed of sin.ill bubbles, w Inch are J vojns li)a fl(j <uv), exuded from the bodies of flies, and
" Well, they will sec something worth watching in about two minute». if you don’t look out. Are you going to finish th.it sentence f
Elsie recognized that it was time to retreat. He never made empty threals.
Eur a few days only." Xh hough there were many curious gazers there were no buyers, mid the tradesman won his bet.

the air in which suffice# to support ihe insects whenever their wing# be crane wenry and the fancy lakes them
>
Last summer a Parisian shopkeeper to lido through i he an on ili-'ii 11 ,iy | ^jt her fora wager ur for advorti«o-
g.kShnnei h bidden#. I hvy can go. i' ment, offered fui one mouth only a
in said, m any dosuod duec'i.-n i-> ! nunitwr of t wenty franc pieces at five simply swaying their i*¥iic# toward frailos euc^
" Why, to me your just Stephen Drake, a mail 1 ve known at the seaside this summer," she said. ‘1 mean you don’t carry your profession «round with you. X ou don't walk it, « stand it, or spewk it.”
" Perhaps that is because 1 take it so seriously.”
" You have a right to. Rut its because of your family and education and all that. You’re too well bred to advertise yourself. Yet, when 1 think about lu I can nee the actor in you.'1
*• How r
" XVell, in a way you have two inner Milvcm, and one is always the audience watching the other. If you have an emotion its perfectly genuine Rjid vet you always recognize, at the time, that you have it, and what it its* picturesque value. It is a sort of mental self-consciousness listening ?”
He droppod hit head on bis hand ami moved his si irk until it touched | her	¦
Kl1 h*. HI*'iv, I've an emotion now,"
Won't
"Stephen ?"
He hesitated, then looked away.
'Pretty badly hurt, I'm afraid.'*
"NX ill you take lue to him i 1 can he lead) in a minute. 1—"her bn k«—" 1 am going to uiarry him." She was hack in a few moments, woncle ifuPy controlled, though he fell h r tremble as he hulp. d her into the cab.
I hey were placed prolie g on 11 which they expect to teach | minent ly in his window, and at times
In ii,ue of theme curious aimhips 1 h«‘ | attracted a small crowd, curious, but zoologists found the tody of a very
•sin ‘H insect, and iht*y are now won- j jocular inquiry until the last day of drring whether it got in there by the stated period, when a man curb moe or wlit* her the proprietor of fared and, to the tradesman’s horror, i be balloon thought fully placed it insisted on buying t he lut, some fifty there with tlio iJbjmrt of feeding on in all.
"When I get u ed to seeing you make love to another woman for any earthly reason, it w il lie t me to break
she said
t
None» wonti heyoaid
mi ip;<*u>us.
\ un e
l m
oui engagement not t h «i kind of a woman
But I 11
He
t rv
Night after night sb « went :o the
theatre, trying faithfully to "get u*ed
to it and it seemed to her as if
veiv uight it h u t h r in a new p itco. (1' ’*llk ' lu‘
tell me w hat happened."
three minutes later, flaiu. a shut « ut
at i he left wings. Nobody knows Imw
they started
see ne was on fire, a ml of course there
I left I lie theatre just after — ho
she said, " Please Why, not
An hour later another man apjx-.ir-
A* an
it during it* aeiial journey
argument in favor of i(he latter hypo- ed, handing over the twenty fra no thesis they point out that flu s while piece.* to I ho wondering tradesman, travelling in balloons cannot satisfy requested I he return of the 250 franca, i heir hunger unless they return to stating that I he purchaser was a
gentleman of weak intellect, who had j managed to elude the vigilance of hi» friends, and as such was not oue of ! whom advantage .‘herald be taken, Needle.*» to say that the other wag entirely of this opinion.
About I he l«eg .lining of the present century a Mr. Whaley, an Irieh gent e* man noted for bit eccentric wagers— on one. occasion be won X20,000 by walking tu Constantinople and back within a year—gained no small turn by offering *ome very valuable diamonds for sale at a guinea each. Although by I he farms uf the agreement he was obliged io guarantee th • genuine ne s of the alone», his words found no credence, and by declining to give the price demanded fur what they considered worthless crystals the public enabled Mr. Whaley to win hu
l u ». v lit t le gestures ami tricks of luxe nuking, that she hul believed red to her, offered up to this tin-i 6,1 g (nid e*s for the amusement of the, publie made her quiver with an angel .she was too proud to explain; and of course Drake did not understand. >he had vowed that his work should always come before her. but it suing her tint he never seemed to dream that it could eoine anywhere else. Sincerely as he loved her, he lived for his profession, and gave it his b-st,
' ieserving nothing.	I
Mill
In a second l he whole
ike earth
We ( ried to fight it,
was a panu but it was too much, and we escaped by the stage door.”
OVER TEN MILLION TRANSFERS
But Stephen I”
He won Mu t come
I |»war«l» «I line lluitifmt •IlIHun Pro ,lr
lurried lu Cumula.
lie—lie wanted
But Klsie ft It stt tngely chilled, lit
Vie you
to <ee if you got out safely, of coui.se, Mr. George .Johnson, tho Dominion m> lie dropped dow n over t lie foot lights bta t iM it iv n, has compiled some ina no tried to find you. And then he was ( tereetJig ligures about the electric caught in the jam on the stairs and railways of Canada. During th* year wu"	ended December 31, 1899, the 612 miles
' Oh, not burned, nut burned!” sob-lie 1 Klsie.	*
"No, no; truly 1 But when the roof
hid never laugh d I kc thii with her
of that rol
neve i given hi i licking. Iniyish >i le fl xhi li i uct, I !nai ng I. uly B
glimp
Hid it take a
to br tig out t h • fun thu was in him "Why. I don't know h m at all, and
s h e
Ih-ir relations grew strained and uneomfurtiible, for Drake was over-i ked and irritable, ami did not half | understand the banier that was growing up between them.
It was the opening night of the Shakesperesn week that brought matters to a climax.
"Borneo and Juliet."
< ho wed herself th
of track were hu used that tin total numb r of miles run by cars was 29,646.847.
he said half under bis breath you recognize it? Don’t you warn mu to love you ?"
She MH*invcl absorbed in the figures
he knows even l>
m
wc
| thought, fe«*ling suddenly very lunr-
If h»- had on «
fell, tho-* — that could—surged for
ward, and lie was crushed against the	over one hundred and four mil
wall. It may lx* that h broken a rib or two
i'he number of passengers carried
y rol unimportant
look d it h- r it might hive ben dif fei eut
of her dimity gown •' Klsie ?"
has only lions, namely, IU4,08M>>9. This is equal • doctor |U carrying every man, woman, and 1 he main child in t lie Dominion twenty times.
\ ou
But during all th* three hout s w bile li • danced to Lady Bet t y's piping it never seemed to occur to him that there was sum* one in th‘ stage At the end. when th? flaxen
i'h
" j in afraid 1 do,” she said, with a catch in her voir*. Then the barriei was down, and she looked straight Hi to his ej ea lv," xhe said.
i he play was Rose Atherton
hadn't finished wh--u I left thing was to quiet him about
I he mileage run ind the pussengera Elsie lay back in 'he corner, her carried show that for each ni le run
face m her bands* A the very moment when he hid been fighting Ins
very spirit of innocent, passion tie.
box
head dropped meekly down mi his shoulder he might hive g. nt her i gl.U'-e just to show that h* realized
money.
In the early eighties a most eligible b 'u e in one of London's southern suburb» was to let. There wer neieial applicants, but une and all on Iteing told the rent, for the ridiculous low. ne*s of which no explanation was vou< hasfed, declined to come to terms, suspecting drains, dump, ghosts os other undesirable accessories. At
' I love you - dreadful-L)>n’t you know it f* The ni g h t before Drake went buck to town, they &t rolled down the moonlit beaedi, hi* iirm across her shoulders the instant the bluff hid them from the hotel.
"To think that [have never seen
ht 1 let
rid Drake seemed to be laying the
young,
the electrics carried 3 1-2 pi «venger»
Compared with the previou.1 year w ay hrough a burning building to ( ^e miml>‘r of passengers carried infind her »he had been sitting at home, w riting huu a cold-blooded
cornerstone of a great fame Every word and gesture told, ed the perfection of warm, human,
elemental love sat motionless before it
They pictur-
a.ife creased nearly 9 1-2 millions, and the
But h
it was all play acting merely >m led dow n on 1,idy Betty.
Klsie went home silent and de pressed, dreading to fare Drake, wlv was coming up to supp»r.
numlenif mile» run by over # million; the passengers carried per mile run IncreaNsI from 31-2 to 4 1-2 number of transfers given jn Toronto w as over 10 1-2 millions nut included in the total of passengers Carried.
and the audience
brutal, selfish letter, telling him that he did not rare enough, and gn ing
The
hnn up for a pang of hurl v unity. She had be* n small ami mean
“For here lies Juliet---'
Drake's voice was strangely thrill-1’he hou*e vibrated to it.
"Kyes, look your last !
Arms, take your last embrace!”
audience murmured
It is the big-kuow
you uct I" she said ge*t part of your life, and l nothing about it except that everybody calls you the ci ming man. It half
She
wailed fur herself* where a not her
lhe.se are
"It's all so silly and unreasonable she thought misera by it, a nil I can't help showing it. I'm utterly mid, .ml h-'ll see it and be huit. I wish he wouldn't come." i But "b n Dr ke came an 1. citching her alone, h I 1 out bo h hand* tu her. | t h'1 look in h s eyes vh mged the whole aspect uf the evening in an ins, mt She went to him impulsively.
"So you liked me to-nighl ?" he said, thinking her exvit ment was fur the actor.
la-I the owner himself took up him
aboil# there, when it transpired that
The amount of paid-up capital in- the h ni*e. together with other pro. vestal in electric railways is $21,7011,- |*rt.y, had been eft him by a distant
relative, conditionally on hi* refusing
j he steam railways in 1899 carried to give any reason for the merely 16,1**8,191 passengers, running a train nominal rent that he y>hs alone permitted to demand.
mg
Yet 1 feel
woman would only hat e iejoic«-d foi him. She saw herself in a new light, in Pire i I es s I y, a n d i he s ig h t be.11able. Sli** waited in i he hall while her romp in ion whispered wi h tlie doctor. Drake was talking fev-
f right puls me. I feel so far away from you. I never dreamed 1 should marry a genius.'
" You won't. You'll marry a man, not a career,” said Drake, with em-
it as tin
A giri in tne something to her Borneo fell they stole quietly out. >he
\s
companion
Odd
was very pale
"No, it's nothing. I’m just a little eivhly, and the words hurt h r hkt
blows.

milage of 21,292.819, thus m i king an average of 1 1-2 passenger* p*r mile.
Ih - electric cars traveled over 1 1-3 million more miles than the passenger and mixed trains of the steam rail-
lake away ever) scrap uf
p basis
talent I piw*se#»s. and 1 should loi e y vu just the same. And marry you,
1 want to get home," she said.
faint
Hit* closed her eyes, but could not i»nut the picture that haunted lbem-a Atrip uf black set in a half circle of jamming, you hruiA*. Fifth row, aisle
rod a man kneeling beside —
"Where is shelf Oh for Gods sake, why can’t 1 find her? Hup
TURKISH POLICE JUSTICE.
out
t(Ki, he boasted
How a roller in in sell led n IHnpnlf 0»er
i li • <1 .v I
They were standing on a sun ot h strip of beach *«{t in a hilf circle uf rock*. In the unreal light uf the summer muon it
was not unlike a, stage, with the ocean M.retched out like a g» eat
iustling audience in front. She dropped down on the, sand, leaning against i rock.
" Aoi someth ing fur me (Banded
ntvud looking down al her uvei folded si m4.
She laughed happily
dark rock
She gave a happy little laugh of rt gfa] wbo watched him with wet Her past trouble seemed a
I’ogct bar the steam and elec-
w ay*
[trie railways carried over 120 million p is.sengers, nnd the proportion was ! about 13 by bleu in to 87 by electricity.
I f » • I • • » H >\
I
She is all right, Drake She got oiif safe.
mine one Don't i\ ur-
A trifling dispute between a Kurd and an Armenian, on a afreet in Constantinople the other day, led to an amusing instance of justice as it is dispensed by the Turkish police;
A tobacco-box was found on the sidewalk, as alleged, by a Kurd. An Armenian claimed the box as his own. Neither would give in, and the dispute waxed warm
were near coming to blows when a policeman came up; but he could not decide the question of on nersli.p.
At last the Armenian suggested ' that the policeman w.*k what was in
su'd
re 1 ie f
c Lee k*
"l.jtvs, Look your last! " she sobbed to ry herself as sin* ran to her own room, .
foolish, meaningless whim, quite tin- ( worthy to Ie remembered.
"Liked you f Oh, my dear I'
The farcical "Lady Betty" was ful
Oh. you're just lying, to kenp 'he siid, "Liked you? dragged off her gloves, and sat down quiet ’ he answered, but his voice was
more rational.
me
THE FOOD CURE.
at her desk.
"It i-s no use bear it
she w rote. ' 1 can't That scene was the must showed the .caned thing in my whole life-1 could "i,h ,l sudden new strength, she came
about it 1 ! quietly m nd ook his hands
"Here I am. Stephen ami kissed him on the forehead.
He clung to her, w il h li11 It* i xd tma-lions that made her lips tremble, but she talked to him and ran her fingers through hi* hair mini ht* relaxed in-
"Himc sic* is h •* r-e 1 f ' o prove it
They opened 'he door wide, tindj M.iper refiling i«r snefuliiu* or Tuber
eulnr Temlenele».
lowed by a more serious dram i. that she com- j according to the pipers He threw aside bus bat, and versatile Drake in a new ligh
lo one iiifinlxT of the audience it
"To eat or not to cat," i* one of the queutions which now confronts the invalid now adays. Prof. At water declare.* that we eat too much, and i hi! much harm i* done to our h *alt h by excessive diet. On the other hand
> hardly have »|> >kt*n to you
And all t he while to you it was merely
From words t hey
she M id
Klsie stared a lehearsu
Y<»u could copy it in
was startlingly new at this exalted, passionate lover with every tone and inf lend ion and gesture,
'• For here loss Juliet, and her beauty maka*	this vault	a	feasting pres-	t Ip*.	There was a great, tor men-	for	anybody
Nice full of light ' he	began, lho voice	ting weight	in her	chest, and t ht
the scene and the reality of the love triumphant scene at between them opened the door to a h r cold and faint.
new world of meaning, behind the I to l)i ike that she was too tired to you. You can't help it. If you were a
nee him.	and	endured	in rigid silence	novelist, you	would	write up	our ilear-
She lay	thrilled and	breathless as	till -h1	wm	safe in	her own room,	est	moment#	into	luxe	scenes,	and
Then she flung herself down and wonder why it hurt me. You are ing,’ he answered evasively. "1 ex
watching yourself live while 1 am peel a trained nurse any—ah. here nurse, this Oh. I'm jealous; miserably, idiot i- living from head to foot, blindly. Ufa,, she is," as a woman entered, follow
Even that night, you were studying the end left effects, quite collectedly, while 1 was She sent word utterly carried away. I'm not blaming ,u w|f,**ll- s,ill holding her hind.
Then she turned to the doctor with
many physicians and nurses are now advocating Ur. S. Weir Mitchell's theory of hyper feeding, especially in cases uf scrofulous or tubercular tend- |
the box. "Tobacco uud cigarette paper." said the Kurd, promp.ly.
"The box contains nothing but a twenty-five cent .piece," said the Arment in. smiling.
The officer opened the box, and finding the Armenian was tight, settled the dispute by giving bud i be ' box.
"The Armenian is the owner of t ht»
The Kurd is a liar."
j
question in her eyes.
"We will know, better in 1 he morn
I
*% ords
In a Loj Angeles sanitarium, superimVvjkded by a trained English
mot hud of feeding h is
i
VvVlC.M
1
he went on
faced it
"i will stay w ith thee ;
And never from thi* palace of dim
e
been tried in a number of instances
rally j*alous!" sh* cried, burying her 1 can’t put it into words! lean hive ed by t h** mol ley figure in doublet and with must satisfactory results.
Before rising, the patient has her 1 he lattei carried® cup of hot oof- cup of coffee, oi cocoa, with rolls und 1 can't give the fee and some little twisted rolls w hivh butler
4
$
nigihU,
Depart again
I can't help it only such a small part of your life curls 1 know better that it i* belter I should stay outside
t
face in the cushion
f
Great tear» were rolling down her j and 1 can't bear it cheek*, but she did not take her eyes in my mind, but it doesn't make any of it altogether
box," he said 11 re in mote i h«- Kurd over i h h d
1
At eight o'clock a hearty
h. jie hid no whole and get back such a little cor- he put oa
This ends it. Good-bye
hair beside Kisie
(l ¦ i ed rm' d op Di eke s h ind, so Mei
She slipped out und mailed the let- cutio, kneeling beside her, held he bread
She , breakfast is served
from his face,
" Eyes, look your last !
Atiu% titke your last embrace ! and
lips. O you
The d-wra of breath, seal with a righteous kiss,
À dateless bargain to engrossing death."
He kiwd her—not an actor's kiss — then lifted his head tv take tin poi-
difference when he- he right to kiss her like tbit! Of course, nei
consist mg of , steak"i chop» <v. - fruit, cereal tod
Fur my trouble in deciding t hi* complicated affair I will keep the twenty-five cents."
Allah be praised
t
t
I'm not jealous of her as a woman—
She broke off and lay very still for'ter, then stood at her window staring saucer and broke off little pieces of uud cracker* engages the invalid's at#
as though listening to at i red glow that was lighting up the rolls t'o h i so kind ind earnest
little sob the city
At 11 a.in. a glass of hut milk
o
The dinner—a regular
fire engine	a ml	so unconscious of his streaked	course	dinner—»oup, fish, roast, vege-
came to her faintly. Smoke was roll-	face, that she smiled without realiz-	tables,	salad, dessert,	comes at	1.30
Yes, 1 am!"	she said under	her	ing up, thick with	iwdsp.uk». A faint	ing	it and faced the morning with	In the	middle uf the	afternoon
**I	mm	g,n her wh*n	H,	echo of confu<i«m	and alarm spread	new	courage
lent ion
i mi ment, some one else shook her.
e
The w hist le uf a
BK HAVPY
Then a
t
Be happy 1 Be happy in spite of
everything! When a person » not
To he
t
an-
other glass of hot milk and crackers, happy he Is a failure in life At six p m. comes a substantial sup- happy is to be normal, ami the normal I i and at nine o'clock another people are those who com i out o.i top
in the long run. Nature and human nature detest abnormal things, uni
breath
puH.es back his hair. And he kissed	**le* neighborhood
her fingers one by one, just a* he does watched the fire till it died down arid bringing a colleague, and they held p r I know he isn't acting with left the city dark again. After she a whispered conference. When the
u
She
Eirly ut i he day the doctor came
s
w
h
» <>f hot milk for a "nightcap."
—but—he fiHNtu't seem to be act- went to bed #be lay .u ike hour «fier eon • Ing pfcj « n had gone Klsie All of the p &ts Committed to this
Oh. rm no hour, starting up nervoii-y .»t inter- turned questioitingly to the other
I vais to fling herself into a new post
" Here's to my love.”
Drake's own eyes were wet. and hie • udirvoc* was sobbing heart brokenly. He took hsfr into hts arms and rucked
her end made manipulate love to her
mine
me
d
unhappy people are certainly abnormal people. Happiness la two thing»
good habit and » spiritual state. •
ing with her, either ashamed I 1 don't deserve him II know perfectly well that i m first | l‘un*
course of treatment have shown ¦larked improvement, Prof. Atwater to the contrary
"Thing* nre going belter than I | dared hope,
I

he said "With guod
tl
U
$
<
1
###PAGE###7###


i

UNREQUITED LOVE.
to look vory 111
riotsjr win anxious Ixml lier; Iuok Lor aside nnd que*.
Why did she look *o niis-
were sh<* wofrtti Mn wnillh of Ahd-
11 ri "
THE BEGGARS OF PEKING
and will also lose all hi ppinc-ss for-
Storekeepera make a special treaty with thi King of Heg. gar.s, and, instead of paying a particular tax to a .special btg/.ir, they P<y a yearly sum to the King, and
Hre-
are requested not to molest The storekeeper may I,# certain that ho will not be molested, for a complaint would secure the
%
I
ever after
'"Ms you suppose 1 would ever wish yoAj <o mm y y atiy one you could not lovef* ai id hi* mother, masking her hitteiieflv I know you would only ch<x)He i he Lent and worthiest. Ion are loo proud to in ike one of 1 ho.se wietched mutches by which Home of yohjr order hive degraded their rank of late yen re. I should 'never fear anything of tint kind from you ' "Well, nos I am not quite an idiot,* anhwered Labhmar.
"At for Clarice, she im a sweet little thing, an I I am really fond of onituned her ladyship placidly; "hut 1 d-rti'i think sho is quite good enough for you. tihe his wealth Im she Ins rid rank, mid there is, as jr;> ssy, always thet unlucky tradition of the wheelbarrow.'
"Unir oil mo her, we always think alike," said Vic orian, bending down tv kiss thA dowager'a broad brow.
To be Continued.
tinned her era bin f
Stella burst into tears and unhurt en^ her soul
unhappy
she hated M ddlebim. but most of «II
THEY ARE ORGANIZED IN A “TRUST” AND MENACE THE CITY.
i
She was altogether She h i ted the nt ill-room
€•
BY MISS M. E. BitAUDON
Were Feared by Cllliriu Then the Karel *n ¦ nva<lrr« May May an linpurlaal Karl la I lee Oriental War Ileal I* Non 1 h real f netl.
I • ve a sign on yellow piper (him
CHAl’TM VI.-Continued.
") derlnre the child h irdly known
| how to hold h.<r n<wll„," r.i.l ih« hoad |Hh"	ru""* wh"rfl "k,
i nd the chatter of the ma ids.
t his bouse
"You cannot mm# your benefactor, Lord Limb mar," «aid t ha stern voice. “You will never see him again. Cannot you understand what this black gown of mine meansf"
"He is deuil" shrieked the child, and then remembering that ominous word dropped unawares t>y Betsy, "It was his funeral."
"Yes, my unhappy child, your benefactor was killed in the accident from which you narrowly escp' t with your life. iha loss for you is a hitter one In the present, «It hough it may he a blessing to you in the future. My glop-son's foolish Indulgence ought à ' vm been your ruin, hare and hereafter."
Stella heard nut a word of this little sermon. She had cast herself on her pillow, snd was sobbing out her heart La the passionate, hopeless grief of childhood.
Deed ! Never more to look upon her with those thoughtful eyes; never more to speak to her in that low, ton* rier voice; never more to touch her with that hind whose gentle touch! up n h r head hid always seemed to her as a blessing,
"My fri.-nd, my futh-r!" she cried. "Oh, God! be good to nxe and let me die, too."
housemaid
Poking Is a city of baggers par ez ce Hence
computation 100,000 beggars in the | speedy execution of the offender. The capital of the Chinese Empire streets of the Yellow City literally I authority
"I hirdly ever sleep," she added piteously; "I lie uwake all night waiting to see the daylight between the iron bars."
"That's very bid," Slid Betsy; "we must ftee whit can be done."
She went off to her aunt, and the two women put their heads together. There was very little use m appealing to her ladyship.
"Lord Lishmar did not like to Her mint Barber, ua the only safe commun ira I ion with h<*r ladyship.
"Might Mis* Stella h » v«* her books out of the lower room?" asked Bar lier an h'»ur later, when she wis taking
There are at the lowest
The King doc* not believe in defying his
«warm with them, and owing to a remarkably clever organization these bnggnra are a state within the state. Even the
WEDDING ANT) FUNKJiAT. HA IU
VESTS.
he i
out her ladyship's- dinner gown,
"tVrt iInly not." r p led the dowager dev iai vely
During wddingw nd run-nl- bun* ',l,rl haa heen obliged at j <jr«d* if b jara infeat th various times to reckon with this pe
neighhor-
'lteiding for a young p*rd non in her position is only another
nime for idleness. Middleham tells [ There waa a little room on th *
over the survint.*' dormi-I tories, which w is mostly given was the chief of the | over to linen closets and box-rooms, She
hood of the ceremony wider it a good opportunity to squeeze money out of the pocket* of cel* bmnts and mourners
J hey ooç-
culiur social factor, and formal treaties are in existance between the
me t h it sh* lus hmlly an idea of | floor plain needle work Middleh i m
house m i ids.
needlewoman
King and the Beggars" and the i* » 1
While Paris
But as th'
pe.iranee of a hundred or so crippled and disgusting vagabonds is very ir-tbe Poking 1 ritable to both classes, notice Is
.p-

ace of the Emperor boasts a "Syndicate of People in N< cessitous Circumstances
superior a room t h it hid been occupied once
There win % neat little
was n
I h i i# gieu t Irony I hy u v.ifei bunds m" hers could do fine stitching iron bvd si end and the necesairy
given tu the King, a certain sum pud and the funeral or the wedding may proceed unmolested.
organization is less euphoniously Dim ed, but much.mure powerful.
KING OK 'HIE BEGGARS.
AFFECTS SOLDIERS’ EARS.
that looked as if done by fairy fingers. | furniture, all of the plainest, barest
Undei th - sold gray »*ye of ICiddls
ham, Stella made her first essays in | made and provided for a subject race;
bUl when Ile1 ny ( ouk the child Ilf* to
must uninteresting order, as duly
The beggars of the Celestial city
B th morally and phy* llv t hi belong almost without exception to I beggars of Peking are the lowest t ype
one "Beggars' Guild," under the com- i „f mankind
irrnmii Deri or*Ixpirlnimt* on Trannvaa
Hull le
pi « n ne dle w-irk.
me work,
"You'll hive to work now you don't learn to work well, you'll I her very own, Stella burst Ho hys-hive to he sent to the workhouse," terioai tears of delight.
Dr. Matignon, the phy-mand of a king, whose orders are wicim of the French Embassy, dm-obeyed without fall, and who h is pow- claree that not one out of a thousand er of life and death over the disol^di- 0f i hose beggars deserve the least ent. Peking police leave the affairs shadow of pity of the Beggars' Guild severely alone, of the patients treated at the French 1 he King need fear no interference Hospital, and they never have shown with the exercise of his functions by the fa intent trace of gratitude for the police authorities. Lie i* but seldom treatment accorded them. 1 b"y ire seen by his subjects, and he stands pist misters in fraud and in thieving, in close contact with the officials of They generally turn up totally naked the Empire. With these he does not at the portals of the institution, ini deal personally, but through a Lord are given some clothes before being Protector of the Guild—at present one accepted for treatment. The foreign of the seven Princes of the Lou Crown devils th«*n find that at once after
"The Influence of Repeated Detonations on the Kir" is the title 06 an interesting article which has just been published in the "Zeibsithrift fur Ohren Neikunde,’ and which is from the pen of Dr. Muller, who has been studying 'he subject on the bit tlefielde of 'he Tramavaai. He ex amiued 1 he ears of ninety-six soldiers before and a/tor a battle took pla c In forty-four of the casern he found notable changes. In seven cases he discovered small hemorrhages in 'he foim of ill tie drop* of blood, and irt one other case he found an unusually large hemorrhage. In thirty-sevwti cases he noticed tb%t the firing hid caused the margins of the ear drum) to become quite red. He learned, however, that all the ears thus at-fended bid not been in an absolutely noimil condition before the firing took pine. In t/wv>nty-six cases the soldiers were unable to hear words that were spoken in a tow tone at the normal distance for such tests but only four of them complained of any buzzing in I heir ears.
In conclusion, Dr. Muller says t bat
faltered Stella tearfully. th* little room under the tiles and
and if told lier (hut she could hive it for
They are the hulk
¦aid Middleh iru.
Oh. how dull life was! How dreary
Oh, bor.v good of you!' she cried.
Some-
How sweet of you, Betsy I
tnd monotonous, despite its clatter 11 body loves me still, then.’
She look I up it th* Summer iky, the
Of course. 1 love you, you foolish only thing of beauty which she could I Hi tie t hmg Whoever and I didn't? •«« from her dungeon, a sky of deep- Only I daren't disobey h r lady-hip; That was to be her prayer at morn- *st sapphire, with fleecy cloudlets | |JUt Home day, perhaps, I shall lx* able
totfM hold of a few of those books of "I do declare you hive not done I yOUrfl that you have been fretting six stitches in as many minutes," said Hbout
Middle turn. "I have been watching | «'Will yoru, deu rest Betsy? Wbit,
gyitfcn grammar and the Gre*tk one The pile, pinched face reddened, and I too; and my Vi gif and th" Greek fairy th-* noddle went a little quicker over tales and the Lady of the Lake? the harsh fabric. At five o’clock a They* are all my very ow-n, Betsy. He bell sounded and the first and second g.,vp I hem to» me. Her ladyship is a housemaids came swarming in to tea. thief if she tukes them away.'
darn ing gaily in the blue
log and nightfall, for many a day to
coin*.
—descendants of sumo Munchu Chiefs I receipt of the g i rme.nts a number flee which hid been instrumental in as- to t h«* nearest pawnshop suiting the present dynasty to the stay two or three days, and then dis-Chinese throne.
CHAPTER VIL
July, with its roses and lilies, blossoming luma, and long sultry days, 1 and lingering suusets late into ths dewy night, was over. It was August and though Suinnv-r was still lowly in tho laud, the Summer evenings were shortening, the nwes were waning a little, as to the limitless profusion of bloom. Stella's new life had begun. It was verily a new life; so entirely different from the old on* that it seemed to the child as if she hid died and been born again; in tho same place, but with another personality.
And, yet, though she still hid her abode in Lasbmar Castle, it could Hardly tyi said it was tho same place as that which hid been her home in the lifetime of Hubert, Lord Lash mar.
ht lia lived m th*1 servant V quarters now, and looked out of the windows which all opened upon the stable yard.
There were eight housemaids at Lash mar Castle. That had been the orthodox number as long as the oldest inhabitant of Lash mar village could remember.
Betsy had been reduced to the ranks of the eight. She was one of the second housemaids and her province was the first floor, where she was under the special supervision of her aunt, Barber, who had a room of her own in an obscure corner behind her ladyship’s suite. Under Betsy’s eye, Stella was to be trained to all the duties of an upper housemaid. She was not to go through the baser drudgeries, the water drawing and coal carrying the blaoklead brush and scouring
you."
Of hers
m v
a Pi" i r n i h- middle of the night I he headquarters of the Pekirfg j with anything th-y lay th dr hands Beggars* Guild is to be found in the
on.
Chinese town, near the gate which
only the Son of Heaven—the Emperor j incredible
—can pass
ed into a number of districts, which
can be only exploited by a certain j the most repulsive diseases group of beggars. One of the great- t heir earliest days they practice eat breaches of beggars' etiquette is 1 this art, and th-y could giv- p to venture into a strange district — and severe punishment awaits the offender.
I'hoir simulating talent Li simply
With th*ir rail defects
"Sot, no, Stella, you must not talk
It was t he hour at which they all
l ho whole city is divil- | of body uni mind th-y combine the
must remark ible ability to simulate
F rum
unbent with elbows on the tibia, and jj^e I bet. Only if poor F/ord La*h-teu poured into saucers—t he hour at | m;ir g ive t hern to you it la natural whic h they talked and laughed the | that you should fancy they are your
and I’ll see wiia/t I can do,"oon-
loudnst
own
“I don't suppose there‘11 he much eluded Betsy, vaguely, of a change yet awhile," said Barter, She brought Stella half a dozen who happened to lx* taking her tea in | books t hat night, in her apron. Stella the still-room In g away in a fortnight
iters
to th" most skilled misters of simulation in Europe or Aim-rira depravity is simply beyond b lief. There is nothing human about ' h-w l>*yond a certain .similarity in shape with a human being.
fh"ir
in his opinion serious lesions of 1 he 'HLs lordship is go-1 cried over t hpse recovered ti e i su res, ^ are pxtretnely rare in the case
lb* had in her tiny room with her dormer
AN 11-TiUfST" MENDICANTS
of t hose soldiers who are called upon been appointed First Secretary of I casement looking toward the tree tope to ^rform f hp regular t wo years'
and the stars. And nuw this child
Usually such a breach is committed
false brethren"—
by the so-called
Legation at Vienna."
service. On the other baud, he mays
"You might have told us that be-I of eleven years old set herself with j tbl,t officers, and especially those j that is, beggars outside of the coin-fore," retorted Middle ha m, who was heroic patience to curry on unaidnd	are required to give instruct iron bine, "anli-t rust
jealous of ihrber's superior oppor-| and alone the education which bad , in firl!1g for along period, are apt | many centuries the Bvggirs' Guild has thoroughly
been so cruelly interrupted by that *1 only heard it this morning when | stern foe to progress, Death
*Wben I see him in heaven I shall
They undertake often raids into the
neigh!>oring villages, and after having
cowed t hi poor peasants and relieved them of their movables, th»* King t n* it a with tin chef of the
ind for a remuneration
mendicants. For
I to become partially deaf, and will, I observed communistic principles. Kv-furt hei morn, suffer from buzzing in erY beggar turns in his receipts into
The doctor examined many | 3 common treasury, and the whole is v'**
tun it ie.s
His
I was waiting on her ladyship lordship came into her room with an I be able to tell b m what I have done.' open letter in his bind, and showed she said to herself.
tjbft en rs
such oases nnd be found that in all I then equally divided. The temp lathe enr druins were more or leafr'.of-| tion to enrich one's self at the ex- c;,n on^y compared w ii ' h** devastations caused by a swarm of locusts.
marches onward. j'h-ir depredations
*1 rnus(t be off in a fort-
it to her
Those nightly studies, the reposeful feictefcl, The lesson whidh his ex- P**0** of the communistic principles, night,’ nays he, I could see that she j ^olit.u<ie of her remote little garret, I penences in South Africa have taught 1 however, is great, and, in spite of the waa very vexed. "That was all very | a calming influence upon her him is that ft is utnwise to admit in- remarkable honor which is said to well when you were a younger son/
H EGG A ILS' DAY IN PEKING. Twice ' year—in the spring and in
spirits. She h id her dream of the day	to t he	artillery any	soldier	or	officer j	exist	among thieves,	the	beggars	of	the	autumn—a	Beggars'	Day	is	eele-t
she says, but	I don't see the necessity	I	^hen she would be grown-up and	whose	wire arm	not	in	a	perfectly |	Peking	are a veritable	plague	upon	bra ted	in	p,	king.	From	sunrise	to
for it now.'	‘Do you suppose I went	educated, and would be able to write	sound	condition
to see the world any the less because	|	books, like old Gabile*! Verner, and
I am called Lord Lash mar?’ says he
the rest of the inhabitants terrorize the population in
l bey sundown the beggars rnay help th-'in-
a mariner selves to a hindful of rice from huge which loaves nothing for th» unhappy bags piled up outside of every store. And what does the story of the | victim but submission. The police The Emperor m.kes a present of a
and
themselves in ike contributions to the
what IT TEACHES.
w'h-en she might earn enough money 'What a queer old mother you sre !" I to hn ve a tiny cottage ofhvr own up-"W hit a qu^er old mother!" echoed banks of the Awn, and to have prodigal Son teafoh uaf askod the | are entirely • chorus of housemaids, with Homsrle | honest iktsy to lira with her
Fancy calling her lady-
unsympathetic,
yellow suit to every Applicant. They loaf about in th-'ir yellow garments, and then pawn them—for t h»y may
teacher
la tighter
ship a queer old mother one for cheek, is Master Victorian.
Ii tenches us bow to get tho fat- guild
Every house is assessed, and reply of | every householder has to piy
Lord Lashmar, (he new lord, Vic-He's a rare I toriuu, had left for Vienna without ted calf, way the prompt
a ver-
not sell i garment with td impersl tiin tax, to tho guild according to seal—and gambe their earnings away his income
living looked on the little serf the bad boy al the foot of the class
ever
' | He's your right sort for a lord; he'll | wh,v> had one been his bio:her s darl-Stamp 'em down wherever he goes.'
Woe unto him if h* re-
These hordes of
l Im next d iy he	will find a	beggars have proved tt virion* time*
•You’ll mike	a	sort	of semi-genteel	No.	Harry, 1	am sure we	ooutd	not I horde of beggars blocking the street	a menace to th" peace of the capital,
life,' he says and then goes whistling I wufting maid of $rr» I amppose,’ ho happy together; you know I al- and demanding money with threats. Especially in tim**s of trouble, war or out of the room as light hearted as Baid lightly, "have her taught to clean w ,ys want my own way in every- Finally he has to give in, or his rebellion they have shown themselves you like, leaving her ladyship blacker y()ur laces and make your caps- thing.	bouse will be burned before dawn, from a very dangerous side
than thunder."	I	whenever	the	day	comes	that	you	But,	darling,	you oould go	on	want-	More than the loss of his	house, the	wy..n t h<* French were marching to
mg it	after we	were married.	Chinese householder fears	the threat	poking, th* beggars became so thre.it-
or sp *nd it in d rink
PROMISING
fuses
ing
paper.
"You are getting short of breath and unwieldy, Barber," maid Lady Lashmar; "by the time that child is seventeen or eighteen I shall want somebody to run about for me." Barber shook her head and pursed up her lips.
"1 don't think Miss Stella will ever suit you in that way, my lady," she
Vienner 'as been the dream of my
In 1840,
Stella sat amidst their babble, with	to caps '
no relish for steaming tea in athicJc
of the beggar to commit suicide near his door, dreadful for the China min thin ( hat anybody commit suicide through him, For, according to the marvelous laws of the Chinese Empire, he who drives another person to suicide must die,
Perhaps that will not be till I crockery cup and with a loathing of | am a grandmother, Victor,' she an-shrimps and perwinkles tea with Lord Lashmar had been a
ening that the Emperor was obliged to sign in ignominious treaty with their king. When in 1891 it was rumored that the victorious Japanese army was advancing upon Peking the beggars raided several business houses and plundered a quantity of rice. They were more feared then the Japan -se, and many a mandarin deposited his cash in son1 of the foreign legations, as well is decided to seek refuge there in case of a general beggar#' rebellion.
The Chinaman is a horn beggar. Nearly all travelers say that while traveling in the neighlxjrhood of Pe-
NOT ALL THERE.
}Vhit kind of a man is Rodney Mo. Nibbef
Oh> he's the kind thif would present you with n second volume of a book hnd not know it.
There is nothing more
Afternoon j swered, smiling fondly at her beloved;
'w hen you hove a wife and children I
began
"How often hive I told you that she | piM m' is not to be called Miss Stella ?”
4'hull feel myself verily a dowager, Betsy was kind and the others did | ind then I suppose I must take to not mean to be unkind
They did
cape. By the by, dear, I saw Clarice not belt or pinch or starve her, but I hist week. They have come back to they were powerless to comprehend | the hall * the workings of that young soul
"1 don’t think Stella will ever do for a servant, piy lady lordship spoilt her too much starts up in the middle of the night sometimes, sobbing as if her heart would break and saying that she is forgetting everything his lordship taught her
ever made a good servant, my lady,,	...	i
her	life has been begun the wrong |	bard hlgb road- and had broken his	les <* tb<-	rbe	newapopere all
Wuy	..	.	neck. It was instantaneous	death, | said as much."
"She is young enough to begin life they »‘id-	But old Mr. Verner and "The newspapers are aluays ready
replied her ladyship sternly. lbti Kroom bad 68t:1Ped easily; the I to puff a girl whose father counts Ins
groom with a few bruises and	u good	fortune hy hundreds	of thousands,'
shaking and Mr. Verner, who	fell on	sneered Lashmar.	I	don't think the
His poor
Triumphs of Dr. Chase
She
Indeejdl Puffed up by her new inI hey hud not spared her feelings In I dignity as a presented young person, their talk of the head lord
They i suppose.* answered Lashmar
had freely discussed the details of
No, she was just as sweeb is evei; the accident—now his lordship hid I quite> simple and childlike. I am told been thrown head foremost on the «he was one of the prettiest debutan-
Over the Most Obstinate Diseases Tfat Torture Human M d Bring Health and Happiness to Cana-dlan Homes.
I don't believe she'll
Remedies That
king well-to-do-children approach them and, bending their knees, implore to be given some “cash." In Corea there is. on the contrary, not a beggar to bs seen. In Japan the Mrs. Stephen Dempsey, AI bury, PE. beggars do not molest tho passer-by
County, Ont., writes "My little* or the householder granddaughter, nine years old, was very pale and weak, and hid no appetite. She had a tired, wornout appearance, and was delicate and sickly. I
funeral, to go home to his own people, | ycnu and I retain an old-fashioned pre-	P‘lLS FOR 23 YEARS	Sot f*om9 Ur. Ch ise's Nerve Food
l.et tittwn jaan.	” * T T, _	,	%% ÎZ2£ZfLé „	»• W. T. W. -OW.'mk-
The banishment from that Eden of btella was sent to bed nightly at lhere 19 some very good oiooa m KiingflvjUe 0llt f atates ;-**For about weight and looks real healthy." her childhood hid been effected	by	eight o’clock, sent to bed in	the	sweet	Clarice Danebrook's	veins, victor. You	03	years	I was troubled with piles.
mo.s 1	1	summer gloaming, while	the	birds	forget that her mother was a Mont-	which at	times would cause most	in-
were smging so happily in the wood, morenc,.^	^ ^ ^ ^ ICs^lnd'blA&fwf,	w^s^ldon'UiL Jht^my
u.,, asveral physicians, and tried every put in public print, but I feel it a duty ning to close.	not Purify te plebeian vat, m hr reinedy 1 could hear of, but could get to my fellow-men to recommend Dr.
"At eight o'clock you go,	or	I will	1 know well what	y*xu are hinting	no	mors	than slight temporary	re-	Ch ise's Kidney-Liver	Pills.	For	about
they	will	lx*	|	shadowy staircase and took off her	eT1,>’,6h 0 be nc“’a	°®an 0 be 101	ed	from our dealer and obtained	re-	I	began	to	use	Dr.	Chase's	Kidney-
tear-stained black frock and said her ** aD(* ta,ked about must be iuordi- after the third application. Dr. Liver Pills, and I verily believe that prayers, long, tearful prayers, and lately rich. But, all the same, l am Chase's Ointment completely cured tb*y hire saved my life. I am now
herwU down upon tbe hard little	1 IHSSis;
The hourly suffering of her days,]080 1 r af out by-îrid-by if y»1- •	have recommended it, and I am Imitators dare not reproduce them.
and rt I fa/U in love w>tb her Ml ask anxious to have every sufferer know? All dealers, or Edmanson, Bate# &
her to marry me. Ifl I dont, I won't! ** ^ falue."	j Co.,
again
I look to you Barber, to get all fool iab nonsense out of that girl’s head. If I hear any more of her fretting J shall send her to the workhouse.”
The marvellous successes of Dr.
without a scratch. I Brumm people have quite mule up I Chase8# great family remedies prove to
1 all the world that no disease is too severe or of too long standing to yield to these great prescriptions
are all agreed that his father] worth to the sick and suffering can
PALE AND WEAK.
the top of him,
Stella asked what had become of Mr. I then mind whether Job Da ne brook is Verner, longing for him as for the worth one million or hi If a dozen but only friend left her; but she was told they
that be had left directly after the wheeled a barrow. Now. I t bmk both I never be estimated.
What tbe be-hivior of the.** hordes will bo during tho present disturbances is merely a, matter of conjecture them are armed, except with huge knives, merely robberies of Chinese may be expected need apprehend no harm from th*in. Their cruelty and impertinence is only equaled by their cowardliness, and only once hive they attempted to waylay a European who had no trouble in dispersing them with merely the show of a revolver. They did not wait for him to fire, but ecampsrnd off in every direction. As a trouble to the Chinese troops,, however, the Empress-Dowager will hear from them before long.
Their
After this B irber could say no more. Shi> knew the iron temper of that mistress whom she hid served in all faithfulness and submission for the
4
As none of
The foreigners
CHRONIC CONSTIPATION.
the dowager in the briefest
Having pronounc
off-hand manner
ed this sentence her ladyship looked | and the flowers were only just begin-the outer door and put the keys o the tower rooms into her pocket.
use we can make of those two room*
she said. "No doubt wanted when bis lordship fills th house for the shooting."
Good-natured Betsy was almost down-hearted as her charge at th •ad change that had some over both their lives. She ran off to the tower, | eleepl found it locked, *»nd then went to her soon hid their affect
bed
In warning there is strength—Lew Wallace.
nights and loss of appetite
Stella began
Toronto.
###PAGE###8###
<
1
It Takes all Kinds
ARE KNOWN BY THEIR FIT AND FINISH________
of people to make a world, so it must necessarily
take all kinds of
Boots and Shoes
to suit those people, and prices must be right.
Medicines

Our aim is to furnish custom-« ers with the best of everything in Tweeds and Linings. Our standard is quality, that being in our opinion the most eloquent salesman. Prices aro
always satisfactory.
Khaki,” (what the gentlemen ordered South wear) we have it. Call and see it.
?
i
#
Beef, Iron and Wine, Favorite Prescription, instant Headache Cure, Cathartic Compound, Kellogg’s Astfjma Remedy, Pink Pills,
Lithia Tablets,
Extract Wild Strawberry, Oil of Tar,
Glycerine.
v
The Public
e
?
;
may rely on getting our goods as the
Lowest Market Price
we always buy for cash, thereby securing
the discount.
î
i

I
U
as
5
i
ALF. R. McGUIRE,
5
?
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAWVILLE, -
î
QUE.
î
i
NOXON

i
THE WAR. IR


i

f
a
(in bulk)

Victoria
t

*>»

Eriiieh Reverse
z
ÿe
Pontiac Paie Jicti By
y
BINDER
BOKKS ( VT UOBEKTS V MMl’Mi ATIONs AN1 VAVTVKE ONE HI N VU F. H MEN.
O
5 FT., f>4 FT. AND 0 FT. (VT.
Highest Drive Wheel Made.
• Brass Boxes.
Seventh Roller for Elevator.
MM he latest and best improvements
*>
Official Time Table :
Gen. Kelly-Kenny telegraph* from
Bloemfontein under date of Sunday, July
Arrive 9 45 oonfi
.. Ro, —ou
^ * m
brmr
AM
Dyes

Aylmer tBreckenrldge t‘Hard ley Parker's Crossing
V	Mohrs Quyon
Wyman's tTauk Bristol McKee's -	Shawville
Clark’s
Campbell’* Bay ?Tank
V	Vinton Cou longe ’Mellon s Waltham
5.45 Leave
6 IK)
“ The railway has been cut north of h y Honingspruit and a supply train and one ‘ hundred Highlander» captured by the enA report was received this morn-ink* that a large force of the enemy is ,
All commun!- i
y.w
6.12
M
6.18
i»
6 26
ii
M
6.37
k 22 emy
b. 47
8.14
•.56	"
h t)2 mowing on Honinisapruit :	cations with Pretoria is cut utf. The etc-
ond and third cavalry brigades are M-7.hi lowing the enemy. ”
<i 4 Chinee© Edict Says Legations are 6	Still Safe.
1.58
IV|aypole Soap, Diamond Dyes.
• «
7.04
7.26
7.45
8.00
R 03
8.12
f
l
8.30
8.47
Leave t
•Flag Station. Hank. VFlag Station.
8.55 Arrive
Pans, Ju’y 21.—Yung Keng, the Chinese minister here, today handed to the minister <»f foreign at fair*, M. Dvlcasse, an imperial edict dated Ju’y 18, giving the assurance that all the foreign ministers in Pekin except Baron Von Ketteler, the German minister, were then safe and sound under the protection of the imperial court. The edict, which as stated above, is dated Pekin, Juy 1H. was trans milted by the viceroy of Nankin under date of today, and is as follows :
“ For a month past with the exception, of the German minister, who was assassinated by rebels, who are under apprehension «>f severe punishment, we have ordered all other foreign ministers well pro tected by the court, and happily they are safe and sound.
BRILLIANT AND 8VCVENSITL CHARGE BY V. S. AND BRITISH PARTY.
E. HODCINS 6 SON.
Xâ/iàYtW

Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer.

1

P. XV. K ESSE MA N,
GENERAL .SVl'ERJNTENDENT
>
The
OTTAWA iGATINE AD Bï.
!<#»•
mm
Oxford Clipper,
FRONT AND REAR CUT
^'MOWERS#
'

i
Fall anô winter Tsmc Table
'
Wf
Taking effect Oct. 16, l^U
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa.
no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa
N os. 1 and 2, daily except Sunday.
For tickets and further information apply to E. C. Arno di, Ticket Agent. #1 Spark tit., or 31 Central Chambers. Ottawa.
1*. W. RESSEM AN.
Gen’l sup*t.
It’s a Decided Fact
5.20 p .tn
P 20 a. in
That our new Mill is giving the public entire satisfaction.
ALL SIZES
With Roller and Bull Bearings.
Serrated Ledger Plates if desired
—o—
Ask our agent to show you the new Patented Ball Bearing Knife
Clip.
o o o o o o o
We al>o manufacture the best and most complete line of Cultivating and Seeding Implements on Earth, comprising Spring Tooth Cultivators,
(fitted with grain and grass sowing attachments if desired.) Spring and Spike
Tooth Harrows, Disc Harrows, Grain Drills, (all kinds.) Horse Rak (friction and ratchet dump) etc., etc.
If you deed anything in our line send for our 1000 Illustrated Catalogue, (sent free.) You will find it very much to your interest to do so.
o
Quality of Wheat Up-to-date Machinery Competent Millers
New Y oik, July 23 —A brilliant dash against a large force of Chinese at Tien Tain was made this morning by a detachment of American troops assisted by English Fusiliers, says a Che Foo special to the Journal and Advertiser, dated July 20.	“ The object was to capture a
battery of large calibre cannon, which had been doing great damage Anglo-American troops charged a large fort across an open space and was exposed to a hot but poorly directed tire from the enemy. They dashed into the fort, and after engaging the Chinese in a sharp LIMITED TRAINS 2 HULKS. 20MINUTES, j hand to hand tight, put them to a flight,
and remained masters of the fort. Eight large modern guns were captured, togelh-
Are drawing the trade our way. All leading bakers of Pon-
title arc using our Flour. The farmers get same quality in exchange.
For sale at all times : FLOUR, FEED & MEALS.
TIME CARD,
In Effect JULY 2, 1900.
EASTERN DIVISION Trains daily between
es
The
IIitiHEST Market Price raid in Cash for Wheat
THE NOXON CO., Limited, Ingersoll, Ontario.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
Parody on “ Cock Robin.”
Spring
Season
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
a b.IC A. M. -Lovai—Stop# at all intermedi.ite lions. Arrives Montreal 9.50 a. in.
Bian. li, Hawkeabury Branch, Vallvytivl
• at Coteau Junction, for Cornwall an 1 wv>t.
jt9,CC A.M . Limited, arris- - Montreal il : i i.m. making el« sv< onne tions with 1. c. Rv. Mnnti:> * Express fur Quel***, Halifax, ami .il inv-ri' v L..t-points east. Pullman Parlor Car at*.,, lird.
l-8.CC A.M. Sundays only—8:->] < .v stations. Arrives Montreal 11.00 a.m. i‘ illn.au Pari r Car attached.
Furniture I
Mi
lode, <-f the Pontiac Woollen K. kiat- i er with carte and all the acccseuriei. The Mills, has handed us the following,
' •	battery wa, immediately turned upon the which wa< sent to him from his daughter
fleeing ei.vinv, and under! well direct ed tire he su tiered heavy losses victory was won in an incredible short time, against an overwhelming superior force, and despite the charge under lire and the ti-ght in the fort, neither the Americans nor the British lost a single Tne Chinese army is now retreat-
in New York. The vnrody first appeared Die in the N. Y. Sun :
" Who kille 1 Oom Paul ? "
“ 1.’* said Bui u.r.
With my i: * tie puller,
I killed Uom Paul.”
“ Who saw him die i **
“ I," said White.
“ With my search light,
I saw him die. "
“ Who caught his Wood ? "
** I," said French ;
“ In my little trench.
I caught his blood.”
Who’ll dig his grave ? ”
“ I." said Baden Powell, “ With my little trowel,
I'll dig his grave."
" Who'll sing the hymn f ”
" I," mid Methuen ;
“ For I know the tune,
I'll sing the hymn."
** Who’ll toll the 1k*11 l "
“ 1.” said John Bull,
“ Because I can pull,
“ I'll toll the bell.”
The Boers of the state Fell sobbing one and all When they heard of the death Of old Oom Paul.
Furniture !
a*.26 P. M.. Limited—Stops Cler; IÏ d - >«. n. • Arrives Montreal 6.40 p.m. Pullman Parlor Cur attach*(1. Connects with trains for Portland and all points east of M mtreal. For VallejTlcM and all points south of the St. Lawm >e River, -t. Albans Burlington, etc. Arriving lin-t m 7 v a. m., New York f.L’Oa.m. Has thr .gh Butl.t fclvejs iug Car, Ottawa to New Y<nk.
n7.C0 P. M. Local—Stops at Intermediate stations. Arrives Montreal lo.pi p:m. Connects at Cottau Junction for Cornwall, Kingston. Toronto, Ckieag » etc. Has Pullman Parlor Car to Montreal.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Cmoral Depot :
all.30 A.M. Local -front Boston, New York. New England atul New York punts. Montreal leaving nt 7.45 a rn. Stops at al! locnl étalions. Has through Buffet Sleeping Car New York to Ottawa.
1.25 P. M. Limited—From Montreal and points east, leaving Montreal at 11.00 a.m. Has Pullman Parlor Car.
c7.35 P. M. Local—Fnm Montreal. Valley field and intermediate points, Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, and points west. Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving Montreal at 4,10, p.m.
19.10 P. M. Sunday only; Fnm Montreal and intermediate points, having Montreal at 5.50, p.m. Cornwall. Kingston, Toronto and ^ints west. Has Pullman Parlor Car attached.
f 10.15 P; M. Limited—From Montreal leaving at 7.50 p.m., connecting with I. C. Ry. Express lroui all points east. Has Pullman Parlor Car.
man
ing towards i’ekin
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of
MILK PAILS MILK PANS BREAD PANS, DISHES of ail l^inds
ALSO A FULL LINE OF
AGATEWARE
Success of District Plowing Match Assured.
Look cut for the New Things !
Our Spring Lirçe of Furniture is out of sight 1
Would you like to see it ? If so drop in and inspect stock.
The big plowing match t » be held at Ottawa next fall fur the championship <f the Ottawa Valley, promises to be a great event, and to draw large crowds to the
;
i
city
As the provinces of both Quebec and Ontario will be repesented in the final big match at Ottawa, it was decided to have one judge from each province and a third thoroughly impartial one.
The Hun. Sydney Ficher, Minister of Agriculture, has agreed to appoint one of the judges. The Ontario and Quebec provincial governments are also each being asked to appoint one of the o hers.
The prize list for the final match at Ottawa will be of a very attractive character.
The Journal Printing Company is giving $00 in gold or a tr y to that
value, to the «muer in the senior claw, Winnip.-g, July 20-George lteniaon has Roofing Contracts taken
s:!",™««•estimms
the junior class.	the finding by Indians at l ngav*. on the
A number of other cash prizes will also east coast of Hudson Pny, of the wreck be given towards the supplying of which 0f a balloon and the bodies of three men, the county councils of the counties of supposed to be remains of the missing Renfrew, Lanark,	and	Carle! on have	An dree expedition. When the Indians
each olreidy made	grants ( f	£25. 1 he	came upon the wreck one of the men was	"p O_rn~
other counties interested in the contest tvl alive, but badly injured. They are being asked for similar grants.	could not understand Ins language but by
rwelve or thirteen counties are to hold signs ho asked them to kill him, which county matches, and in some cases town- they did. The Hudson Bay officials at
xmsæês srjsrasa z,:. ns.t
big match at Ottawa.	papers and all other articles that may be
County excursions will be run to the removed.
big match from each of the thirteen	---------—.
counties.	Samuel Howard, of Powassan, who
Altogether the cm teat	will	undoubt j	was injured in a saw pi ill near Pairy	The	fee Alaska boundary	survey
rtk£?hipriï£,^o-iawal urn'a!ry	nature. ^	Sound, . few d.y. ,go, dUdin^ the Gen	freest	I,e	Porcupine mining	di.triet	to
In Parlor Suites
an inspection of which is invited
Frame are New Coverings are New Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
What’s the use of making a stump speech every time you try to sell a
Sideboard,
Extension Table,
Dining-room Chair,
Kitchen Table,
Kitchen Chair,
Bedstead,
Show the products of the best manufacturers,—they do their own talking.
Stoves.
The balance of our stock of Stoves to be cleared out at reduced figures.
Further -News of the Anclree
Party.
Middle and Western Divisions
TO AND FROM THE WEST.

(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
8 15 A. M. For Arnprior, Renfrew. Eganville, Pe mbroke, Barry's Bay, Whitney. Canoe Lake, I’airv Sound and intermediate points.
4.40 P. M, For Arnpilor, Renfrew, EgativilK Pern broke, Madawaaka and intermediate stations.
Bedroom Suite, Spring Mattress, Wool Mattress
C. E. WAINMAN,
Shawville.
p price for Hides and Pelts.
I.	00 P. If. Mixed Train fir Ampri-T, Renfrew le, Mivlawaaka and intermediate station*.
I irri '. it Ottawa (	t:
II.	10 A. M. From MadawasUa, Pembroke, Egan-ville, Renfrew. Amprior and intermeliate points.
5.55 1*. M From Parry Sound. Fganville, Renfrew, Arnprioraud intermediate points.
)
Ega
Parlor Table, Hall Rack, or Lounge ?
The Conservatives of Jacques Cartier
of the course of D. Monk, and hare re-tn initiated hint as their standard-bearer,
have expressed approval their member, Mr. F.
a—Trains running daily except Sun lay, b—Sunday only.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
CUTHBEHTSON, GI{AljAM & ELLIOTT,
Central Depot, Russell House Block
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
lours.
/
