###PAGE###1###

Vol. XVI, No. 15
SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC,
P. Q., THURSDAY, SEPT. 29, 1898.
I
„	_ SUBSCRIPTION
One Dollar » Veur In advance.
I
il
THE EQUITY ”
TEACHERS
",lrKl"Jvang,.<rrw“rk | ,,,Hav)e X00 fled Dowd's "High Loaf can get lemons taught | “ lour I and difficulties solved by correspondence.
Apply to JOHN DOLUiLAH, H.A.,
Portage du Fort.
New drem goods piling up on our counters every day. Inspection invited.
J. H. Shaw.
Personal.
Is issued from the office of Publication, Shawville every Thursday.
Subscription, $1.00 per Annum.
Mr. John McRae, of Vankleek HIM, Ont., accompanied by his wife, wax on a visit last week to his brother-in-law, Mr. D. McRae,of this village.
“ Doc.” Mulligan, V. 8..
In town last week. The Dr tends locating here again for the practice of bis profession.
Mr. A. L. Oilman, school Inspector, Is visit the schools In this neighborhood this week.
Cheese wont up to 0] tawa cheese board on F
cents on the Ot-riday last.
Mr. Q. F. Hotlglns removed his household effects last week Into his splendid new residence on Main street, east.
While the Ontario crops have been exceedingly good the fiuit crop has suffered. This season the fruit is the worst in years, according to reports from all sections. There will be no apples for shipping. Moat of them are wormy or small that they cannot be marketed with any profit
WM. GAMBLE,
spent a few days Informs us he In-
BARRISTER, 4fco„
159 Main Street,.........
At Bhawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over 9. F. Hudgins* Store, Main St.
Advertlslngrates made known on application.
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from all parte of the country.
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices Inserted free ; but obituary lines, or “poetry'* will be charged at the rate of 8 cents per line money toaccompany the manuscript In every case.
The Raymond Sewing Machine equals any in the market. For sale by A. Smiley Shaw ville, from $20 up.
Men's fine tweed navy waterproof coats —navy and black—long cape, sewn seams, only $3. See them
HULL,
The Nation,!, of Montreal, defeated I the Capitals in a match at Montreal on | office
Saturday last. This practically decides | Miss Lizzie Armstrong, of Patterson. New the championship in their favor for this Jersey, arrived here last week on a visit to Cache lake, on the line of the Parry I year. The Capitals held that honor for ' ^ many friends in this locality.
Sound Railway, is spoken of as a sanitar- the past four years, but this season the I Dr. and Mrs. Lyon returned from their
ium for consumptives.	| personnel of the team was very materially j Absence,Vhe Doctor* wîîo ?s »hveteran crick-
changed, which accounts largely for the ©ter, had the pleasure of witnessing the
match between the Toronto team and the English eleven that are now touring this ——?-----------	continent.
BANK OF OTTAWA
J. H. Shaw
Head Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . £1,600,000.00 Rest................$1,125,000.00
J. A. COWAN, Publisher
Mr. William Hodglns of The Front purchased a number of fine cattle last week in reverse	sustained
Court Shawville,
No. 276.
Board of Directors : Charles Maokk, Ehq., President George Hay, ehq.,Vice President
Hon. Geo. Bryson, Jr ALEX. Fraser, Esq ,

the west of Clarendon and Litchfield for Mr.
Jamieson, the Renfrew dealer.	BlSÜOP Lorrain Installed.	| Mr. O. B. Kemp, provincial inspector of
mi qi	»	,,	,	---- crown land agencies, spent Sunday In town.
D,Z: | iteWork'- Alex^McDonaW, ^opri/tor,' RJht° STÎÎŸ Urmt'aa “‘the^tim
'	' turns out a superior class of work in Mon- m,shop of Pembroke took plico at the Renfrew, came home on a visit to his family
umente, Headstone,, etc. Price, reason Cathedral in that l0Wll on Wedneaday °nSaturday-  _____*_______
ab 6	I evening the 21,t inet.	!	VICTORIA
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially invited


Dennis Murphy, Ehq.
L.B.C
GEORGE BURN, D. M. FINN1E
General Manager, (Local) Manager
A GENERAL RANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
Most Rev. J.T. Duhamel,'D. D., Arch
H. B. Harnett, F.S
J. A. Cowan, ILS
WANTED—An experienced General
Servant	who understands cooking thor-	bishop of Ottawa, read the papal	letter	Sept. 12.—Messrs. Armen and*Robl. Brown
fjytots	in the Domin-j oughly.	Apply at GO McLaren 8t.,	erecting the vicariate of Pontiac	into ft	lee spent a few days of this week under the
Hritaln*	J	Ottawa, j diocese and appointing Bishop Lorrain,V. parental roof
A. P., its Bishop. Assisted by St. Rev Mr. antkMrs. Ed ward Dale attended the fu-
P. Lerocque of Sheibrooke, Que., he per | g"*1 °r lhe lale Mre- Ra,,kln of rtOHH on Frl'
811ms of $1	and upwards received i.i	Savings	De-1 highway	rebbery, and both Bowen and Moe- I ^ffiued the ceremony of installation after 1 Quite an Interesting debate took place at
partaient,	interest credited	half yearly.	ley have	been committed for conspiring to	which the newly appointed Bishop	receiv-	the 1.0. O. f Thursday night ; subject dU-
Ofllce Hours—10 a. m. to 3p. m. Saturday 10a.m. rob Wm. McLachlln at Braeslde.	ed the promise of obedience of all the utmost w%%Wed	h'H wlf i
One leeond hand „ W. .... ,o,	—
A g Smart I F	______? _______ present during the proceedings which last-
^	ed till Friday evening.
W. J. Eadks, C. R.
Drafts Issued on all Rankin Ion, United States and Great
Notea and Bills collected.
Interest allowed on Deposit Receipt at current rates.
Dr. J. E. T4GGART, L. D, S, DM,
Bowen, the Ottawa suspect, has been committed to stand his trial on two charges of
Corner of Rank and Wellington Htreets,
t3T Special attention given to appointments made by mail.
I OTTAWA
The negative side
C. C. STEWART,
ilocal «md ©cncrrtl
PHYSICIAN
AND SURGEON
(L.R C P. AND 8.1 EDIN.)
OFFICE,
Are you using Dowd's Flour ?
0
sale cheap
ELMSIDE, QUE
Miss Annie Cuthbertson was the guest of her uncle, Mr. Ralph Hodglns, last Monday.
Mr, James Wilson Is seriously 111 at present.
Married
A large and varied assortment of veil* ing just arrived at Mrs. McCrbdik's
BOORBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L, L
On Sept. 6ih 1898, at the Methodist Ladies	Jackets—Largest stock in Parsonage, Aylmer, Que., by the Rev. G.
town. Stylish, neat, good fitters. $3, I. Campbell, B. D., Howard Moore, son | calcium carbide plant UNDER CONSIDER $8.	I of Thompson Moore, to Mary J. daughter
of Robert Hyland, all of Eardley, Que.
Factory Will bo Erected.
KLONDIKE
‘J
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
Will attend all the Courts of the District, es penally when required.
It is reported that 3,000 cases of fever exist among the miners of Dawson city, Yukon, and that many deaths have occurred.
ATION LARGE ENOUGH TO HANDLE
Ottawa's sawdust.
A holiness camp meeting is announced to commence in Dagg's grove here on Sunday next, Oct. 2.
On Thursday of last week at the Meth odist parsonage, Arnprior, by the Rev
A calcium carbide plant large enough
I T .	c 11	t 1 u n „	, to handle the Ottawa output of sawdust
New Milliner Shop.—Opposite the '‘J* (,re‘^eh* Mr. Joseph Henry Brown Waste wood, will probably be con-Post Office; also dress goods and confcc- ''{ Clarendon was united in marriage to
Mr.s C. McCauo. I ^lsa Jli8^e ElIen„ <>aig. daughter of Mr.
Thomas Craig, of Clarendon.
S. A. MACKAT, B.C.L.
Business Siand to Rent.
NOTARY PUBLIC,
LERK of the District MaglHtrates’Court, at Hhttwville. Money to leud on easy | nvry terms on farm and village property. Notary for ‘The Reliance Loan ami Havings Company” <*i mtarlo.
JSET Will visit Bryson every Thursday
structed in Ottawa before next spring.
The success of Mr. V. L. Emerson s carbide plant has been such that those who were backing it up financially are prepar-1 1(™e ^'signed oflbn Jtonnt the Wore
ed to expend more upon the erection of a millinery or dress making shop, a pait of larger plant. Such is Mr. Emerson's my Dwelling House adjoining. For terms statement	| apply on, be premise, to
c
Presbyterian service will be resumed at the Masonic Hall on Sunday next, October 2nd, commencing at 10.30, a.m.
The Ottawa Fair
Ernest Elbourne, 15 years old, of 335 The Central Canada fair, which took
T .,v T . xxv M	Nepean St. died on Friday while under place last week, was one of the most Mr. Emerson furhterstates that to Mr.
A	wi 1I . atrequest,attendal l court* going an operation for in growing toe successful yet held in the Capital, and w. C. Edwards, M. P.’ is due the credit
In tbedlatrlct. All correspoudenceprompt- nails.	had the weather remained fair for the en- for introduction of the scheme here
™..............—HEHilIlSBi
Z?” »uE-	EHESEHH* eeIheees
jstrsssxxsztzss.	— sati-iiatst isvs
trlot when required.	Threshing mill men say the yield of	An Untruthful Report.	provide material for the construction of wlu not be consider?^
wheat this year and the quality of the	- larger plants, but this through Mr. Ed- First and lant notice.	_ _
grain, is better than anything they have Last week The Chronicle showed that wards will be forthcoming, seen for a number of years past.	there was nothrtig in the alarming rumor The present plant, which is only an ex
Mr. George Fraser, a well known resid- •" persistently and so widely circulated pimentai plant, has an output of one ent of Kinburn, Ont., died suddenly of ,hat Wm. Laventure, a young man resid ton of carbon a day.
heart disease on Friday last. He attend- ,n« near R“nf,rew\ bad	7Ü
ed the Ottawa exhibition on Thursday,	burglar,ze the house of Mr.
B-SSSKig.'. K ï£528Sg ÏÏSÏÏ “J *|,p“"d m *"? h,““'	„.	m,°n~. ZZ
engageinentsforauy buslnessln connection LOST.—Between Shawville and Bristol and one half from Arnprior. Even this A rich find of molibdonifce was made a ^,t?o?!i1,iLi?r«r«iV«nr2#h.?,na2?e»?»»lri0lleCl20ne Wharf on Thursday the loth inst., a did suffice to discredit the story, which few days ago on Calumet Island, on the lte 4	* ‘ 1	lady’s sable ruff. The finder will oblige had no foundation whatever in fact; so property of the G. C. I. Co. It was made
by leaving it at J. H. Shaw's store or this week a statement herewith given as the result of directions given by Eugi*
nu n i n McConnell
MRS. (WIDOW) C. McCAGO
Bryson, Sept. ‘JO, 1898.
Public Notice.
CEO. C. WRIGHT
72 MAIN ST.
PAT’K KAVaNAGH. Chairman ol the Board of 8. Commlonera of Fte. Elizabeth de Franktown Vinton. Sept. 26th, 1898.
JAS. HOPE & Co.
ANUFACTURING STATIONERS, BOOK8EL 1ère, Bookbinder! Printer», etc. Depository f the Ottawa Aux tilery Bililetioe^ety, Ottawa, Ont.
M
NOTICE.
Molibdonite Found on Galumot
Island.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
OTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT any* person or persons found trespassing
__LAKE DUMONT, situated in Berths 62,
and 482, contrary to the provisions of the Game and Fishery Laws of this Province, will be prosecuted to the utmost rigor of the law
X
on
» this office
from Mr. McCreary. He says:	“ I want neer Leopold Meyer,
it understood that the rumor to the effect Several workmen had been blasting and that I shot at a man while he attempted to within three hundred feet of the first rob me is without any foundation what blast the Molibdonite in paying quantities ever, and is altogether a false report. 1 was found. .
also think that many of the holdups and Molibdonite is used in hardening steel would be robbery reports are nothing but	and also in shotting silk. A great quan-	()
wind, with no truth in them."	tity is used in Belfast every year for the	p.......
On Tuesday evening of last week, while I	_____^______.	last named purpose. The mineral is now	; ' '
âssssSa —"=r"T	ea
toft	School meeting held here this day. the development of a large molibdonite ^Xper'lW
against* beam. He Ik a young man with a Commissioners present at opening, Messrs, mining industry. 1 he ore is easily con- R £ ton
wife but no children.	| W. A. Hodgins, Cowan and Wilson. | cent rated.	I Calfskins
Minutes of former meeting read	and	A gang cf men has been put to work .	n-,	, *
adopted.	and every blast shows a larger percentage	p \	1 y
Commissioners Donaldson and Hobbs | of Molibdonite. The mine will be worked
then took their seats.
A circular was placed before the
Board from Dr. Harper, High School in- I on Calnmet Island are proving more val- I The followin< ar0 laat Srturday's quota, spector, regarding his coming annual visit liable every day Mr. Charles L. Meyer, | tjona Q|| the Ottawa market : which was read and considered.	of the directors has handed a Journal re~
It was then moved by com. Cowan and porter a sample of argentiferous galena seconded by com. Donaldson that the which assays 200 ounces of silver to iho school rate for the present year be levied ton. When the galena mine from which at the rate of one cent on the dollar on it was taken was opened first the galena the total valuation of 1895. Carried. predominated. As the shaft issunk deeper Moved by com. Hobbs and seconded by the percentage of silver increases, until it Donaldson that the Chairman and bids fair to predominate, and the mine Sec. Treasurer be requested to wait on will then be worked principally for its Mr. Gilman, local school inspector, with silver. Mr. Meyer states that in addition regard to certain matters in relation to | to the silver and galena traces of gold
have been found iu quantities assaying from 81.50 to $3.50 a ton.
Two shafts have been sunk and are at y depth of 40 foot and 125 feet.
The company expects to take thousands of dollars worth of silver from the mine within the next few months.
HAMILTON STEWART,
Lessee
BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT, OFFICE : —COURT ST., SHAWVILLE
Mias Jackson, who was milliner for Mrs. McCredie last spring, is expected in a few <^iys and will remain a short time.
Please leave your orders as early as pos-
Clarendon, Sept. 15,1888
Shawville Produce Quotations
20 tc. 22 00 to 52
00 to 37
Accounts collected and prompt returns made
All courts attended.
Bible
Mrs. McCredie
St. Lawrence Hall,
30
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress#
12
,.. 16 to 18 .... 00 to If 3 75 to 4.25 0.00 to 10.00 .... 36 to 40 ... 6 to 8
.	35 to 60
Good A ecom modal ion. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
Another Rich Find.
PONTIAC HQUs/r
)
There was another rich find of galena n made on the Bowie properly. Calumet Island, on Thursday last. A shot was put in along the face of a hill, and a large *\ quantity of ore of particularly pure qual ty J was thrown out. Mr. R. MuC. Ritchie had i a valise full of the specimens so found in I Ottawa on Friday, aud they were the ad miration of all who saw them, including an old and experienced miner who hap petted to be in the city at the time.
In conversation with Mr. Ritchie, whose interest in developing the mining resour ces of our country is still unflagging, that gentleman Informed us that he has rrcen tly found a market for feldspar, of which there are large quantities in different parts of the county. This stone is used in the manufacture of china and porcelain ware, and is found in diagonally shaped crystals or blocks, which are readily split up. It is usually of a flesh color. Parties who have this kind of rock on I i heir premises should take specimens to Mr. Ritchie, for his Inspection.	|
steadily.
The Grand Calumet Mining properties
OTTAWA MARKETS.




r
Peas 50 to 60 cents.
Oats, 25 to 26j.
Wheat, 65 to 70c.
Rye, 45 to 50c.
Buckwheat, 30c.
Barley, 28 to 30c.
Hay, $7 to SO p« r ton.
Straw, 84 00 to 85 00 p^r ton. Potatoes 50 to 60c per bag. Veal, 4 to 5c per lb.
Lamb, 8 to lie per lb.
Butter, print, 20 t<> 22 cents. Butter, tub, 16 to 18 ceivs. Eggs, fre*h, 15 to 18 cento. Eg.:s, stored, 12A to 13 cents. Apples, 82 WO to'S3 00 per bbl Tomatoes, 15 cents i>er gallon. Cheese, * h sale, 9 t*. 9Ac. Cheese, retail, 9 to 12c.
Hides, rough, 6c pei pound
to
i
com
i
outside schools. Carried.
* Moved by com. Wilson and seconded by com. Hobbs that ten dollars be expended in prizes to be given in the different rooms on Certain conditions at the next Juno examinations. Conditions to be hereafter named. Carried.
The meeting was then adjourned.
II. Lang,
Secretary-Treasurer.
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
C. CALDWELL,
This hotel will ne louml fully equipped for the accommodation of Hie public generally. and especially commercial men. Free ’bus meet» all trains. Good livery in connection.
Ladles’ and gents,blc> cles>ept for hire
now
proprietor

Recent storms have caused fearful loss ot life in China aud Japan.


X
t


\

###PAGE###2###
LIFE IN SIAM
Miss Prince, a 1*i
cal olwervations tanist, will be in the party, and con-	—
ehob^gy «mil anthro|H>logy will be «tu- llrfM nnA nwrllln*»or*n 4 F ways lelereel-died. They intend to visit the New Hebrides, the Friendly islands And other groups.
on which It is served. The mixture for the <Niko may be made from any good rich chocolate cuke receipt—we all have our particular favorites, and they are all alike in general principles consisting of a good sponge cake mixture, with melted chocolate added towards
HOUSEHOLD.
iNg
While Slam is an independent native state governed hy its own king, its peo-
What a iK.pular not . ms may apen.l | !>»* have aoeepted .-m.iigh Kuropean
liltvuN to present « strange mixture of
barbarism and civilization kok. the capital, one sees Huddhlat temples. two-horse buses, Chinese lanterns and electric lights, buffalo carts and
bicycle*, Chinese coolies riding in electric cars and such incongruities.
(>ne of tbe most brilliant women in the	the I London	the past, sea
When planning the new home as the*cake is'haklblt is :^î outras	waa La(,v Margaret Soott, the I in hats is not known to the world
much thought should l>e given to the soon as possible on the platter or plate daughter of Lady Cndogan. Lady bed t Ml le. Juno 1’ierny of tiw I' ones rn arrangement of the kitchen as to the on which it is stxrved, and then cover- is a handsome woman, with dark hair | matlques, Paris, who is at present fut
—v—*»	- «¦-	“.r.ü’jsfi1 -	—
It is very surprising how many badly as well as covering the outside. And
arranged kitchens may be seen upon then comes the finishing touch that *,ow of health and youth She married Hue de la Paix before the civil tnbu
'%%%% SÉsSFr fells’, ...............................................................................................	...,«.
wives.	of cake. While simple enough to make	"<vllth> ,n her own right, since in the	the end of	December, IHi'O.	1 his	w as ()00	q(	th<v|e	prie8ta |n Bangkok and
When one considers the number of	| md prepare, the combination of the	United Kingdom there are few fam-	at the rate	of £41 monthly	for	hats I	,(M)wno j	Siam yellow is a domin-
order to keep the domestic machinery	I Wnly advise any one who has not tast-	h® . X'i,h **»"*/' J*lrtlJ A"d |	Concessions have been made to	wo-1 man is	lound	to he a priest for at least
running smoothly, one can realize how	ed already to try it. 1 know whoever	,in enormous income it was hardly to
economy of space and a careful regard	| does will want to do so the second	** wondered at that this favorite of
*dme*	I fortune should tune the Leading posi-
tion in royal society. The Princess of Wales
ABOUT THE KITCHEN
In Hang-
in London1
a clear filling an engagement touched with the was last week sued by a modiste of the
eyes
olive complexion
The official garment of the Huddhist
stops necessary to take every day in
men doctors in Russia. It has been of- three months in some period of his
ficially announced that they shall be life, the yellow robe is one of the most
equally entitled with men to all state common nights.
. privileges connected with their pro- The j>eot>le of Siam are much addicted
° fession. This includes both political | to living either on houseboats or in
houses built on piles to keep them, above the level of the annual inundations in the wet seasons. The children
for arrangements will aid materially in saving the strength and health of the busy housewife.
In the first place the kitchen should
SWEET POTATOES
especially fond l^d.v Scott, and her name almost in
is
Potato Custard—One quart potatoes be light and airy, and as it is neces- I boiled and mashed fine; six eggs; three I vnr*ably appears in the list of (hose eary to spend so many hours each day cups sugar; one cup butter; two cups floats whom the princess may desire In it. it should be comfortably fur-|sw'eet milk; rind and juice of three |	to Me private houses where
royalty is to be entertained.
and social rights; it will open to them all official txxsts, and will entitle them
to pensions, which will not he taken j early learn to swim, and if they fall away by marriage, and may descend to into the water it does not matter. Like their children. With women's progress their elder*, they are happy, lazy folk in political social freedom and edu- hut very good-natured. Siamese ch il An English magazine relates an in-I cation the young empress has great (iron, especially the little girls, are
-1 ™ “• «- ^
just granted to women doctors. | east. Japan included. They are very
merry, continuously contented, easily pleased and most unselfish In their dealings with one another most absolute lock of selfishness is one of the most, pleasing features in their The man who wants the earth pro- very lovable character.
bahly never stopped to think what the The ordinary dwelling-house in 81am taxes would l>e.	I oonaists of three room»—the kitchen,
No Inducement—Wouldn't you like M° drawing-room and the bedroom.
1 1 he rooms ore hut poorly furnished. There is no chimney to the kitchen.
I and, the walls being hut framework j screens, the smoke permeates and dirt
But they
ni bed.
lemon. Beat the eggs very light,
A low rocking chair should be placed j unites and yolks together; add sugar near the window where one map aft and butter, then alternately the while paring potatoes shelling peas potatoes and milk. Add also a pinch and performing other duties of like sAlt» Men the grated yellow rinds I Wales which shows how accuracy and
mture. Then, too, this low chair will fl'à^flrTminuTJ.'.ïen^ur hT ^ns 'hoPOU*b"^ be handy when one must watch some- lined with paste, and hake quickly	g a lxxadlbIe catastrophe. I he pr in-
Ming that is cooking on the stove.	Potato Pie.—Like the famous little C0M ie dn enthusiastic photographer,
A high chair should also be provided |girl, when good it is very good indeed. | ,Lnd	her daughter, the Princess
Victoria, is in the habit of taking pio-
FULL FUN.
Their al-
i
to be used when ironing or washing and when bad, horrid
di.shen. Some will say they consider it	Liking it, it is well to understand that	I	lurtta	Me	scenery, people and ani-
a lazy habit, this sitting down to per-	next to a crab apple, a sweet potato is	I	ma,a iu	a,*d	alxmt Sandringham. T he
form household tasks, but such is not	the hardest thing to sweeten. Peel	PMwes*	also	develops and mounts hjer
the case. It shows, rather, good com-	and cut in quarter-inch slices a quart	own photographs. Several months since
mon sense to save one's relf whenever	of potatoes, cook them until done,	with	while in the park,	she took a snap-shot
be near the pantry ao that as many	r?u«d a quarter of an inch thick	bill	went to the place	from which she had	It Majr	He. So.-Why ia	It 1 hat geni-	for	he knows quite well how long lire
steps may be saved as possible. And	syrup to within V long™incb"of	the I	takpn il and carefully inspected the	uses are	nearly always eccentric! I	should l>o boiled	or bananas stewed.
» word about these sinks. How many	lop 1X>V<M. xvith a crust, and cut a cross	«tmeture. There	was no such curve	guess it must lie l>ecauee	that's about	li,l,V®childr<'n	can fry fish or make
1 ne curry, and ho are independent of
their parents In this respect. When. c , xr	.	§ over the voice of hunger makes Itself
, a‘e ^ acuum—Aren t you afraid I heard it* appeal is promptly reminded
ed took another picture, developed and I %	'}*** tra-slly "oveis i" «“mmei to. and consequently great Irregularity
nrini„j »	»	,»	.	;	will weaken your mindf Well, they prevails in the time* of meals. But
^	z g lln 1 u‘ depression Ap- might; but, in summer you see, 1 have as a general rule there are two fixed
pea red at the same point in the bridge, not any mind.	| meals each day. one at about 7 o'clock
She carried the picture anxiously to Some inside Mythology.— Once more in Me morning and the other about
the Prince of Wales, who sent for the did Ulysses relate the story of his wan-	InTh/i^LinL"
superintendent of the railroad. On derings; but still Peneloi>e. his faith- j Qf this grain the people have no rivals? enquiry it was found that the engineer | Ml wife, shook her head. Where, she
,per.siF*ed, aae the lahe 1 s un your trunks i
Before under
to live your life over again? And owe
twice a/i much aa I do now? Well guess not.
more generally adopted.
The stove should be set convenient
1 held the camera | the only way in which genius can obtain recognition.
in the middle of it. Turn hack each | m it perceptible
and cook at a j at a wrong angle, no doubt pastry is
we see that are so low that one is com
pel led to bend far over when working I corner of t he cross,
*t them. This can easily I* remedied. |	bl‘at until thfl
she said,
and waiting until another train crosa-
eome rainy day, by the use of a few boards and nails and a willing husband; and it will only require a little time.
Potato Pudding—Peel and grate your potatoes upon a very coarse grater. To a quart grated, take six eggs, a large cup of butter, three heaping cups of sugar, a cup of cream, a cup of milk and the juice and rind of a lemon. Heat the eggs very light, with the sugar and butter, add the potatoes, then the milk and cream, a little at a time. Put in the lemon
Husband*, as a rule, like to do little tasks such aa this, in order to make things easier for their wives, but the thought pi o'ably never occurs to them and the wife hesitates to speak if it, for John is always so busy &lble have running water in the sink
ENGLISH LITERARY LIONS
of the train had perceived a vibrai
graph and the intelligence that noted I board soon.
the slight deflection probably prevent- It looks like a tremendous quantity Ufa” ca^aatro^e‘ and a possible loss of | of wheat, Silas, said the cousin from
Trail « ami t'harnrtrrlellr* of the treat
he Day.
There is aji Interesting group of novelists in London whose society ia sought by men and women of fashion. They are mode much of wherever they go, and are (totted and flattered with social attentions.
If pos-
NovellM
rind—grated—and the juice last of all. Pour the mixture in a deep dish, and It is very essential to have a good set in a hot oven. When it has crust-
floor in the kitchen. Not necessarily ed over Me toP. 8tir the crust down,
so another may form. Do this twice. Serve very hot with plenty of sour sauce.
or an easy working pump
a hardwood floor, but a smooth
one
kept nicely painted or. belter yet,
covered with neat oilcloth carpeting, w hich can now be purchased so cheaply. What saving of strength this will .	. ,	. ,
make, as keeping the floor scrubbed pound of butter, one pound of » ugar,
is one of the hardest tasks the house- | the juice and grated rind of three wife has to perform.
The pantry should tie large enough so that the taking table may be placed
in it, or if you are building a new a quart of grated raw potato, house have a stationary table made P^Uy pans with puff paste, and fill with flour bin. drawers, etc. However, W*M the butter. Bake quickly, and we are not all building new houses eiMer frost, or cover with meringue and the pine table must do, but with ma<ie from Me whites of the eggs, hooks placed over it for spoons,tie&tere, Sweet Potato Coffee. — Cut raw
cutters, strainers, etc., and the flour potatoes in small dice, let them dry barrel close at hand, one can quickly
dispatch the weekly baking.	,	,	.	, _
XVhut a difference there is in the llke the genuine article. Is palatable
SktK/S At.	ir«rà,t"=..mh.rt,,WiL‘ t„“” A» f" -U.	» —l« -     K«« h,	up M| , H..ICM-, «to Tto— Hard., ,
is used; every dish in the kitchen is	Me	best Java. A useful substitute in	to #lve ber life to confine her	tresses	Street last evening 1 heard an old lady	Iers Me country to the town, but
pressed into service and when the	Ica-where real coffee has an ill ef-	for one hour beneath a diadem. Char-	annoying the other passengers by her	ls more intense	in his manner and
szwvzm ’S.’ssjs T.: zzr,tz rrr; tfz f~“rBrs.A“ azf wss	«¦- —<»¦*
swaaf ¦	SrA r skIkso?	10 - Lr1-
Newspapers placed on the kitchen the tQp of the double boiler, the lower j scene. Upon the death of his brother J,	i , <*l,.lteleVhone put in my l- f*?1?8* hl\wl11- HU conversa-
table will save lots of scouring and par^, to co«ta»n boiling water. Cook | Charles became King of Naples thus -V*	ha! 0h* what a l^wer have t‘on is bright and pleasing, but it must
they can be doubled up and put in	untl1 y°u have birred the chocolate I	fulfilling the cherished desire	of his	nches lo cumIHil 8°c,ai recognition.	always he forced	out by those who are
the stove when they become soiled.	and	su8ar to a smooth paste ; then	wife for a diadem.	' Mr. Bloobumper (after the return	Wlt,h hlm- 1Ie 18	mpdest and reserved.
E£“E5s™SHC u«-.-to......................................................................-r
Instead of using the dish cloth or the double boiler and place It direct- rooms for the use of the Queen's cha- protchfully)—Oh, no, Harry. Mr. Bloo-	as Mr. Barrie is short and in
apron as so many do.	^ on Me stove and let the mixture plain. A private passage connects the bumper—Well you know a word to the Hj^nHTc&nt in appearance
ivery household.	lish contemporary, "possesses an ec- urning u 1,1 ap " ,n‘11 8 af er	an In"	a man can have. Yes, sir, replied Sena- ,VSll[. ,llter ,l,e.sant1	is alao a I>urly
W. but by no means least, have a	olesiastical cat. which-it is to be pro-	terview- a parroh called out flom*	Worda	Mr Sorghun. And 1 have always con-	1/lud	be
i.r.. a —•	sr.'ts»" aztssus? “U - ~
md magatmes may be kept Many a	the contrary-catches the ecclesiaatiai	atand lhe aounda- the queen turned to	Compromise-Tyrant! vociferated the
spare moment may be profitably em-	mice, a meager diet, indeed, if the	the chaplain and asked: “What	is the
ployed in this way and many a lesson	adage respecting the church mouse be	parrot saying ?"
may be learned while the kettle boils
the East, inspecting the bins. What are you keeping such a great lot of It for? For a dollar, chuckled Farm/er
Potao Cheese Cakes —Beat very light the yolks of twelve eggs, with
The question was recently asked "How did the French come into Sicily?” | Haycraft The answer is not to the credit of, wo
Rudyard Kipling is one of the least
one
manageable of the literary lions. He Preparing the Case.—First Lawyer.—	I has the rest less energy of a man who
At an	entertainment held at I Each witness gives a different account	has been travelling and working in
a French	court	Beatrice, Countess of	of the accident. Second Lawyer—Yes,	many lands. He dislikes compliments.
Savoy,	and wife	of Charles of Anjon,	if we put them all on the stand lhe	shuns society, and prefers to live quiet-
the brother of Louis IX. of France. ^ may think our clients met with (y (Lml to only
was removed from the superior range 1	or uur accident8,	friends,
of seats occupied by her two younger Mistress-1 saw two policemen sit- Thomas Hardy is a great favorite in
'-e— ---klsi','kJtisstJTz:,e
~?'r - -r*4 n '* --1 %% xarssvxis
tin alone with only wan policeman Upon I would yez? The other one was
mankind
lemons. Set the mixture over hot
water, and add, beating all the while.
Line
a few intimate
Queen of England. Mortified by the hu initiation, she returned to her apart ments and hurst into tears learning the cause of her chagrin, and I eron
for six hours, then roast and grind
aoerns surprised when strangers meet a ctiaj>- and greet him as a great literary artist.
pre
he
He is a
ite topic is London, which he knows more intimately in all its storied as-pnsoner, I refuse to bend the knee, *ociations than perhaps any other Eng-
companiment to iced tea or coffee, or, his protection."	_____ di) goods for £2, began the professor, Novelists, like artists, are aa differ-
in fact, whatever cake would be grate-	------------------ Miss Uastie, a Scotch woman, is wbo waa exPIaining an obscure point their**met tod^^nd^deaU
ful. It certainly is a dream of a cake!	IN NEW GUINEA.	*bout; to undertake a scientific expedi- in Political economy- Say #1.99, mur- strong individuality makes them incentre hole must not be too large and shoulders in all its glory Tbttt immedi- tine is being fitted in Sydney harbor, g-stod List Vaeaar, I should brin* work m Jo »reat »	“rloUi
z A.% a? wh „k:	°“rr,*‘e "»	1- I	I % % - -	-—| %
S
i
NOVEL AND DELICIOUS CAKE
?
X
\

###PAGE###3###
ces.* The Germane denied ell knowledge of (he documente.
HIS PUNISHMENT.
The farcical secret trial of Dreyfus has been repeatedly described. He whh kept in close confinement from the time of his arrent until his conviction, not even his wife being allowed to see On the morning of January 5, 1895, on the parade ground of the Fcole Militaire, this spectacle took place: Five thousand soldiers were drawn up. and back of them was massed a large proportion of the Parisian populace.
Between two armed guards marched a pale little man in full uniform and | 'I wearing glasses. At his side hung a sword and on hU shoulders were the epaulets of a French officer. Stepping before him. a tall man in the uniform of a general officer, said:—
"Alfred Dreyfus you are unworthy to carry arms. In the name of the sol-11 diery and the people of France, 1 degrade you. the soldiery first, the people afterward."
1
Good Blood Makes Health

All grocers sell it.
i
And Hood’s Sarsap^illa makes good The leader of London society to-day I blood. That is why it cures so many
"»	»«• t-""1 <* I £^7h.“lrÏ”.”	!“!
well, are half sick, tired, worn out, you Iieuutiful ; she doca not possess wealth may be macje well by taking
to distinguish her altove her contemporaries and she achieved her place as a leader when she wan scarcely 21-ThLs unusual young woman is Mrs.
Asquith, much letter known by ber maiden name of Tennant, for Miss Margot Tennant was easily recognized in the heroine of that look of short-lived celebrity, "Dodo," when It appeared
some years ago and created a mild sen- | THIS CELEBRATED CASE MAY CAUSE nation.
"Dodo” undoubtedly made Misa Tennant’s name known far and wide, but for all that it ludicrously misrepresented her and failed to do justice to the true abilities of this really remark
Vi
a
him
and admired, Is neither titled nor very

il mi
Hood’s Sarsaparilla

1

K
Canada'» Greatest Mt dicin'*. HOOD’S PILLS core all Liver 111#. 25 cents
l1


III
STORY ABOUT DREYFUS
/
I
Hbortàand, Typewriting^
Bookkeeping i
merolal Subjects are proper Is taught la the
OEM r*AL BUSINESS COLLEGE,
•ronto, Yonge and Ot-rrard Hta Fall Term bow cpe% here admitted at au/ time. Eight regular teach plaodld equipment. Write for eatalegue.
W. M. SHAW, Principal.
TELEGRAPHY.
A GREAT WAR.
as had been imposed upon Zola and
Then the regimental adjutant snatch-1 Harreax at the Seine Assizes was
ed the sword from Dreyfus' side, broke | found. Zola fled to Switzerland.
it across his knee, and flung the pieces
to the ground. Next the buttons, the
_	..	,	. gold lace, and the epaulets of the ca|>-
For years the sale of informat ion of tuIn.g uniform were st ripped off. and.
able young woman in whose name can I French	military plans by officers in	w hile pale and trembling he asserted	'l he French Ambassador of the day
be put forward several claims to con-	confidential positions has been sus-	his innocence. Dreyfus was led about	complained to a	bright Englishwoman
•Ideratloa.	Mr. ....... Mi,,..,,
Aequith was one of the very few wo-	known	repeatedly, and the greatest	crying “Death to the traitor 1”	war, ending his	diatribe with the remen ou table the circle of his own near-	trouble	is that they have become	in the hojie that Dreyfus would corn-	,n;u'k After all,	it was to be expected,
est feminine relatives to whom Glad- known to Germany, between which mit suicide before being transported.	to think you were a nation of
.tone gave a truly beautiful friendship ] ,0UJltry an(l Frttnoe the score of Al-	TlhC
sacs and Loraine is still unsettled. I near him. He made no attempt upon | the French a nation of soldiers, and
now we know they are not.
»ud all Com#
E
Ululory of the Trial and Punishment of the Frrnrh O Hirer Who In to he he Tried -Other» In the t ime.
eui
THE RETORT EFFECTUAL
THE TRIUMPH
A DJUHTA BLE 8TOTK PIPES
• email ep _	„ , .
them. M»n«f*0tur*d by
C. B. BARCLAY,
,68 Adelaide3t. W., Tore*to
avonto
NESTED
L. COFFEE & CO.,
CRAIN AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS.
and devotion
She was perhaps the only woman Many efforts were tmule to detect the his life, with the exception of his wife an I traitor, hut without result. In the fall	HiS IMPRISONMENT,
daughters, with whom he loved to talk, of 1894. Col. Henry, who lias just con- Dreyfus' Imprisonment began in the
whom he admitted to his	library whi.v	f eased and killed himself, not ilied the	fortress of the lie de	Re. off tb ecoast	J hey say that Mrs. I kindly throws
.. .o,i.d......	„d	mniM, of »„	ft., ™,uiu do.»-	cz:t,d% *rn' ""
Ideas he listened with pleasure and re- men Is had been sold to foreign pow- off tlw c<)ti8t of French Guiana. The Well, rather. That woman used to
spect. She waa always treated far more	era. He declined	to disclose his in-	group to which	it belongs is a penal	walk in her sleep. Now she gets up	rrowONT* CUTTING SCHOOL	efffcre	,pwri»i
like u daughter than a	guest at Ha-	formant s name.	All that he could	colony, desolate	and	full of malaria,	and rides a chainless bicycle or orders	I	i»deoeroent*	to	yoen§	men	dwlroee	of
warden, both by the great man ond aay wa. that hi. Informant was » [Ltlimlw Z^%aT%b^FrenJb ^	______ tuX'’ mV‘vffNaHVrfoHONTo*" ‘PP“'
his wife, and all the more interesting trustworthy person
CHANGED CIRCUMSTANCES
TORONTO. ONT.
Jo
Thomas Fltnw.
Government, fearing attempts to rents this association when one considers I A rigid surveillance w as established	cue him might be made, built a steel
not only the vast disparity between over the employes of the War Depart-	e-age .aroundis^ hut^in ^the m\d,j of
^°However tbttVmay'be^ML'ie Margot Iof pap«rg In the War Department, j Persistent efforts have been made to Brisroe-Did you ever cast your Tenn.tnt was invariably pointed out which was said to have been found in	re-open the case. The Government baa	bread	upon	the	waters?
•n modeled her deportment. The iBrit- by experts in handwriting. Two of	fus pleaded with the Ozar of Russia,	my	wife had	baked,	and it sank
BSSSggSlNSsSSS HSIsP “*
... %r=%...........-!BfË-Siï'Eiî
^temi6n<to ^I'nfflandratwutmLrf ^ tache<1 to the t’ourte6ntb ^K'ment ot proof inclusive of Dreyfus' guilt.	What wan the heaviest fee you ever
timé the newspapers rame tô ser- Artillery of France, and was detailed to THOUGHT TO BE INNOCENT.	? asked th;i pert young lawyer of
P^rÆ^r^t^^Ut kir;Hr%t'rt^r
of the queen and the prime mmistei, ^,-iy entered into the case. The spe- that M. Schcurer-Kestner, vice-presi- quarter
a»SSs 2 re sa	SE
tine, she overturned all their pi edic- 500,000 francs, #90,500, information re- conviction was a judicial error tions l>y giving her band in man iage girding the French army The proof ticheurer-Kestner further declared
KÜ°è&i^ vaTe^of A8herf ÏÏïïLTLl ToZ in‘STJÏSrï
talents, Mrs. Asquith settled down at ing of the accused captain, containing the continued leaking of military sconce to the duties of wifehood «n i aiht of five other documents relating orets since the imprisonment of Drey-
ïïükts •sifszrjis?	o.K„„,b	=. ïæ mz
for the lightest frivolities.	and alleged to have been seen with It. or l)0r<Jer€au which(led to Dreyfus' con-
Gossiping dowagers, who predicted This i# the famous “Lorderaeu." It demnation dire misery for whomsoever she might WjU1 torn in four pieces when found. This man was Count Ferdinand Wal-
sai*££srss2 2 s*-™-— --	<7*-	& gsar&Jsr&j. sc-
in society. To be bidden to her days Having no news from you, I do not matter UJ) am<mg them Mathieu Drey-at homes, to her literary luncheons or know what to do. I send you in the fus B brother of the captain, and Paris to her dinners is to be more honored g^n^hile the condition of the forts. 1 was again stirred to the core. It was
a&r ss?A?2raï4
men and the most brilliant an 1 beauti- oc tdie< firing instructions. If you <ie I a	scheme against him in
ful women of the time, and her home I &ire thereat, I shall have them copied. 1893, when an anti-Semitic movement fa a center for the learned, the witty Ths document is precious. The in- swept over Europe. Dreyfus and his
S&ittiSSa.7til3S =i « —— **" b~a given only to	%Z„,. “
languages and Is widely read, but that cera of the general staff. I leave for f(),gtMi in order to bleed him and his is all. As the eleventh child of Sir the msnoeuvers."	1 wife.
Charles Tennant ehe received, a goodly	levsrnanrniTfl t ü-ttitb	v beautiful adventuress also was
portion at her marriage, but no great	a mïmmuui b 1AA 1	said to have been used as go-between
fortune* In a roomful of beautiful This document was the only direct and a cal spa w by the blackmailers,
ESS**!!SSSsSSïfrtïï ¦11 —SS—MTSS<S£Ü.S2S
minister and he to far from a million- ever, a mysterious letter was brought R waa ulleged that Dreyfus had call-alre, and yet Mrs. Asquith is by right in, read by the judge, but not shown ftt her house several times by invi-
of her wit, her quic k sympathy, her I ^ prisoner or his counsel. This tation, and there a plan for the mobi- qAUSAûe casings -New importationsfln«t EngMsh
ssïæ ssss ssæ
Influence that few princesses know. | between CoI Schwarzkoopen. late Gen- I W the demanded, knowing it
BRIGHT "HEAR™.	= SÏÏiïïÆÏ,	‘it 3
There ore roula in the world who	there, containing allusion to tortion.,
im“•
where, and of leaving it behind them bg*d to have been sent by the German Esterhazy was subjected to a secret when they go. Joy gushes from un- to the Italian military attache:— enquiry lasting several weeks, then
der their fingers like jeta of light. "1 have read, that «deputy is going to «^tr'ed by court-martial and
God.	I All the while that Dreyfus was on reux. the publisher, were arrested,
trial on the charge of having sold se~ 1 h#‘y were tried last. February at the _____
S'Neuralgia,
an senperor, with all its conssqnsn- J plsos In May, and the same sentence waipaekm**.
CTAMMERERS.
Onlr leeèltetlo» le OemeSe 1er Uw mm d I ¦ every pfcaee of apeeofc 4e#eeâ. IS>ÉSai
V	v8ôï TÏS^nAr.
TO CURE A COLD IN ONE DAY.
Take Illative Bromo Quioin* Tablets All Dru» fix refund the money if It fails to Cure trie.
not tiie floating kind
BL.

tweof mf
This
ft tees if Wo#4
r-rr-B
E. LIMON, 7M ymh tp,
?11 original désigné. Write fer prleea. "larent#
tirflle
wL,f.
ask
I III-
« pr- «	,.1 «ssiïîgssîte
DOttle Of the only SUre-pop com cure and fast »w:n screw etaamshTp-^' Lab radar ‘ Yaw
si&SSîSSfrî&Si
A continuation or the honeymoon and , t,a-»sge-F,irwt Cabin. SflO.B»;	CsbleJ
the jvxnovaJ of corns both assured by #35; W'tertfe822.60 and us**r4# *—«réHx té
iu USB Beware of imitations.	Ml*Agen^o/nivîï
GOOD HTSURF	AK*nU'17 ht'
re-
ar
a
Mnaufarturere » af BILLIARD
3PrT "
The Reid 8roe. Mfg. Ce.
TABLES and BOWLING ALLEYS Fh' lor Cafca ogue. 267 Kuig BL West. TORO
WMT>.
M
I
I
I
Farms for Sale
FACTS IN ENTOMOLOGY.
You haven't any screen to your window.
No; but flies won’t-come in at the open w indow while they h • ve * that I . screen door to crawl up and dow n on. !	10
Three Farms for Sale, on easy terms. Property situated convenient te C. P. Railway. Specially adapted fee stack raising. For further particulars apply
J II McNAMARA,Barrister,Hsrtli lay,Ont
Deafness Cannot be Cured
Heating
U/ local applications, as they cannot -each the 'isoa-ad portion of the ear. There la only one way to cure deafness, amd that le hy const it,u-Menai reroedlee. Deaf nee* la caused hy an ta-lamed c Edition of the raucou* lining of the Eustachian Tube. When ih ¦ tube gets Inflaro-•id you hare a rumbling »o tod or lnqiorfeot nearing, and when It Im entirely do ed d.afr.eee « the result,and unleasthe inflem ma* ion can be taken out and thin tube reetond t > it- normal condition. hearing will be destroyed forever ;
» ne cases out or ten are caused by catarrh, •which Is nothing but an Inflamed condition of he mu ecus surface*.
We will give f ne Hundred Dollars for any aseef Deafness (caused by catarrh i that cannot be cured by Hull's Ca arrh Cure. Send for circulars, free.
r. J. CHENEY It CO- Toledo, a Sold by Druggists, 76a Hall’s Family Pills are the best.
i«Wi
OUR OPICIAITY.
HOT WAT1H- ##r new eye
WARM AlW-Oeel er wood
We have many So « les#
fu:
style*
SOMeiMATlOW H«t water
air wlSed foe
)
5
thi
able to
« «¦ "jnsvssur -tm,at“
CLARE BROS. & CO„ ZSHSUZ
W P € tm
ALLAN LINE
Royal Nail Steamship Co

i
•»
Montreal to Liverpool.
WANTED.
Steamers sail from Montreal every Thursday morning on arrival of trains front Toronto and the West about 9 o’clock.
A Thoronr hly reliable woman (mar- 2 rlecl or widow preferred) in every city, j town and village in Canada, to act a# : soliciting agent fer a well advertised 2 and established artime. Easy to sell 3 and satisfaction ensured. No deposit ¦ required. Give reference* when reply *
ing. Address,	3
ZOLA COMES INTO IT.
Beoend Cabin
Cabin Hill and upwards $34 and and $38.26; Steerage te Liverpool, liondon, Glasgow, BelfaeL Londonderry or Queenstown 1X1.60 and WfA A reduction of five per round trip first and second eabfn ticket*. For sailings of steamers or other Information apply to any authorised agent*
1 Is allowed on
4
wl
E, A. SPRONO,
Hamilton. Ont
H. Bourlier, 1 King #K W. Toronto.
Allan, Montreal.
or
For Sale.
EXCUSABLE
18
IN. STURTAVANT BLOW FAN
1
SO CHEAP
7 In. Outlet, 4x3 Pulley.
Good as New. Cheap.
PAINT
MORE EFFECTIVE
•hlngls roofs or sides l of bnildlngs. Used fl years. > séjour draler
woto pteseevAfivi A faun
old
Fond Mother—If that young should take advantage of you and try to kies you. what would you do V Dutiful daughter—I should remind him that I had a mother whom I love very dearly.
Fond Mother think, dear, you had better remind him
a father.
man
Always a Winner - -
Ludella Ceylon Tea
for Ik TM Fisas
The Wilson Publishing Co.,
LAW
after reflection—I
Lead Packages, age, 40c, 50c, and 60c.
T3 Adelaide *L WeeS*
that you ha
i

/





wm
15
###PAGE###4###





No Famine In Ireland.
E. HOGGINS & SONS.
The equity.
London, Sept. 21 - From the government reports being received from all parts of Ireland there is every reason to believe that the approaching harvest will be an exceptionally plentiful one. As compared w ith last year there is an increase of 40, 257 acres in the total area under crops this year. With regard to live stock the statistics show an increase of 120,.'U>8 in the decrease of nearly 75,000 in the num ber of pigs.
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 29, 1898
S
An unconfirmed rumor is current that the youthful emperor of China, has met his death by poison.
FEETWABE.
5s CLOVES.
Gentlemen are taking advantage ot the opportunity afforded them for securing a tine suit from
C. FRAME and are rushing in their orders.
A word to tho wise is sufficient.
The French Cabinet has decided on a revision of the Dreyfus trial. Threats have been made that if the unfortunate exile returns to France he will be lynch-
o
Tornblo Mine Explosion.
We are showing splendid values iu Feetware .. for the Fall trade . .
- s
Pittsburg, Pa., Sept. 23.—An explosion of tiro damp occurred at the Umpire coal mines, near Brownsville, Pa., this morning. Fifty men are entombed. Two have been taken out dead.
The explosion occurred at 8 a m., and
ed
London, Sept. 24.—It is officially announced that the Hon. Geo. Cut zou, until recently parliamentary secretary for
the foreign office, who is to succeed the ,	, ,	, .	.
Earl of Elgin a, a viceroy of India, has cau.ed by an accumulât ion of gat.
been elevated to the Peerage as Baron rhj,rollw1er“ 11,0,1 at	,he .t,n,e
Oui/on of Kedleatou.	*nd *" but ht^.. ee“Ped. wl,h"ut H»*?-
rive men are believed to have been killed,
and a large number are still entombed.
London, Sept. 20. - According to an j As soon as possible after the explosion article in the Fortnightly Review the ! rescuing parties were organised and are Anglo-German agreement provides in de-1 now trying to reach the unfortunate men. tail for England and Germany to become i There is great excitement and hundreds joint heirs by purchase of all the Porta- of women and children surround the guese possessions in Africa. The tirs» mouth of the pit. The mine is owned by outcome of this, the paper says, will be J The Umpire Coal Company, tlu* leasing of Delegao Itty t»< England
We have received for the Fall Trade a large stock of Bouillon’s celebrated Kid Gloves in Blacks and Tans— fashionable dome fasteners—the best dollar glove in the market. Also, a good cheap line —4-button—at 50c.
Genuine Whole Stock
Boots for
MBIT and BOTS
G. FRAME.
Maker’s stamp on every pair
We are leaders in Fine
P. S
“ Three Rivers”
Tailoring,
The biggest hog ever heard of has been
The London correspondent of the Even- ; produced by a farmer of Decatur, Ala. ing Post save:	“It has been given out This hog which is only three year old,
this week from ministerial headquarters | weighs 1,524 pounds, and is so fat that it that the government Intend before the close of their Term of < tlL’e, probably in the session of li>00, to readjust the representation of Ireland, Wnl^s and England in the House of Commons.
“The government argues that Ireland now has twenty odd members more than her population entitles her to have.
Long Moccasins.
Season of 1898.
cannot rise. It is ten feet two inches long, and four and a half feet high, and is of the Berkshire breed crossed on the native Southern stock. Mis owner has refused five hundred dollars for it, as he thinks he can make more by moving it from place to place and exhibiting it.
Harry O'Brien the Toronto bigamist, has been sentenced to five years in the penitentiary.
“ Palmer’s"
See our fine Mocho	~
Gloves, patent fas-1 TllO PontiGC
toners, embroidered in colors—very durable and stylish.
Oil Tan Moccasins.
Woollen Mills
“ Skowhegan "
Following the Toronto Globe, many Gov-ernn it papers are arguing that there is
likelihood of a general parliamentary e!eo g Robert Hamilton of Quebec, of the well tivn at an early date. Nevertheless, it known lumber Arm of Hamilton Bros., ami a will cause no surprise if a contest is pre- brother of Bishop Hamilton of Ottawa, tiled cipitated within nine months. Mr. Tarte | last week from paralysis, will have most to say in deciding the
Waterproof Moccasins.
Having been thoroughly overhauled are again in full operation, fulfilling the requirements of the farmers of the surrounding country.
Hair Lined
J. H. SHAW.
Thirty « i«es Footwear just received question. He can judge of the pub ic frolll the beat makers. We keep the lead pulse aa wisely as the 1». SL If he thinks that the public sentiment is not too far turned against the pledge-breaking, job-creating, debt increasing, extravagant aggregation, of which he is an important
part, that an early dissolution will give the	,	.. ,
it.»»,,chance
sion of office—a dissolution is sure. — Mon- | and Lots into 20. boll! Inclusive, on the 9lh
treal Gazette
Oil Tan Moccasins.
in this line
J. H. Shaw
Moose
Notice.
P. S.—Ladies’ Coats.

Moccasins and Mits.


done on shortest notice and with the usual satisfaction
to customers.
range of Calumet Island, forbid any person or persons from catling or removing timber, hunting or trespassing In any way
,	, .	...	.	, r, I on one or any of the above lots, (the-mineral
A despatch from Quebec dated Sept. | burl nee* not included.)
25th, says that it may be stated with certainty that the international joint high commissioners are getting very close together in the matter of adjusting the question of trade relations between the two countries, and in doing this the great in dustrial interests of the U. S. are not to suffer. The assurances of a member of American commission is given that tbejin dustnal system of the U. S. will not be disturbed, and that there is not the slightest reason for apprehension on the part of Americans that any of the great industries are to be sacrificed.
It is practically settled now that the lumber question will be settled in a marner satisfactory to both Americans and Canadians. It is probable that the embargo on the export of Ontario logs will be removed, and for this concession on the part of the Canadian government certain grades of Canadian pine lumber will be admitted at a re- : duced duty or free into the U. S. marke s. j The grade to be admitted free or at a re 1 duced rate will probably be the higher grade of pine lumber, of which there is not a surplus in the V. S.
The proposed reduction in V. S. dudes on high grade lumber, is not condd ered by competent parties to be one that will benefit the lumber interests of this country very much.
any


Parties fourni so doing will be dealt with according to law.
E. HODCINS & SONS.
By order
M ' LCOLM LkROY
Calumet Island, Sept. 17, lbfls
The large slock of Goods In connection, namely of-,
I
J. C. McGuire,tall
TWEEDS, WORSTEDS, SERGES, FLANNELS, PRINTS, &c.,
MILLINERY | UNDERTAKING.
OPENING
/
Butcher
and
Grocer
Miss Annie McRae’s,
will be found ready for the Fall Trade with a choice supply of
SUCCESSORS TO
A. SMILEY, UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLB, QUE.
Fresh and Cured
Shawville,
SA TURD A Y, SEPT. 10.
will be found of the latest * design, of superior manufacture, and at prices that cannot be honestly under. . cut. . .
MEATS
• e •
-with a complete stock of
o—
GROCERIES,
CANNED GOODS CONFECTIONERY, CANDIES (all kinds)
The above firm having purchased the Undertaking business and equipment of Mr. Arthur Smiley, have also secured his services as manager of the same for a term of months, which is a sufficient guarantee that the requirements of the establishment will be fulfilled with the same degree of satisfaction as formerly.
HATS
A COMPLETE ASSORTMENT OF ALL THE LATEST STYLES IN
)
#
i
An
— COMPRISING—
Ladies’ Walking Hats
Ladies’ Sailor Hats,
Children’s Tams, &c.
—ALSO A NICE RANCE OF—
4
also a variety of—
Inspection


WILL REPAY INTENDING BUYERS,
Want Religion in the Schools
0

A complete stock of Funeral Supplies
will be kept on hand.
SILK VELVETS,

A call will convince intending purchasers that our goods are as represented, and that our pi ices will compare favorably with any store in the county.
FLOWERS &
A. HODGINS,
PROPRIETOR.
The Ang
The Ottawa Journal says lican church will shortly make a move to have religious instructions introduced into the public schools throughout the various
This was decided on at the
FEA T11ERS
—OFFICE AT THE OLD STAND—
MAIN STREET, . - SHAWVILLE.
An inspectson of stock is respectfully invited.
J. G. McGUIRE
provinces
recent meeting of the General Synod held in Montreal from which Canon Pol lard has just returned.
Speaking of the matter Canon Pol ard said that the General Synod were a unit on this move and a very strong feeling prevailed that steps should be taken to have the government take action. For this purpose a committee from each diocese i ¦¦	¦ j
was appointed to wait on the provincial!^ U,TH1 V113?V governments for the purpose of seeing what could be done in this most important
matter.
Mr. Pollard states that these religious instructions should be introduced in the schools.
J AS. CUTHBERT80N
J AS. OR AH Ail
9
MAIN ST., SHAWVILLE
ÂfêMSraR.TME
mmmi
NEW
GOODS
?
NEW
GOODS
\
;
A. J. JACKSON.
X

X
y

r
Furniture
Furniture, | fall GOODS
good quality and
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
I am now receiving and
passing into stock a complete range
\
IF
>
5

----O
of

I
St
L

ousc&Slgn Painter, Glider, Glazier, Decorator.

Champlain's Memory Honored.

r
i
z*

Very imposing indeed were the cere-held in Quebec on Wednesday last
OF ALL LINES

o
monies
at the unveiling of the monument on Duff-erin Terrace to the founder of the city, Samuel De Champlain, 230 years ago. In the forenoon there was a procession of labor organization and benevolent societies. At two o'clock after Lord Aberdeen's ar-tival the monument was unveiled amid a salute of guns from the citadel and the warships of the British North Atlantic squadron in the harbor. Sir Wilfrid Lau* Lt. Gov. Jette, Premier Marchand,
i
To which I wish to call the attention of my customers and the public generally.
of all styles at
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.

Amazingly Low Fricos | The goods have been se-
FORCASH.
Marlin Repeaters
hare Solid Tope, shedding water like a d uuk‘s back. tJur W page book (Just out) telle all about them. Up-to-date Information about powders,Mark and smoko-has1, proper sises, quantities, bow to load ; hundreds of ballets, lead, alloyed, jacketed, soft-nosed, mushroom, etc.: trajectories, velocities,penetrations. All calibres S3 to 46; how to care for arms and 1,000 other things. Including many trade secrets never before glvento the public.
)ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
lected with great care and bought at close figures, and it is my intention to share both of these advantages with intending purchasers.

'CLASS WORKMANSHIP^AND SAT-
?
I8FACT10N GUARANTEED,
nar

ESarsHStts JAMES MCARTHUR,
ument, city and warships in the harbor were brilliantly illuminated. A ball was also tendered the international commis sinners by the citizens in the new city hall.
!

ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
si LAs Yoraa,
Starke’s Comer».

For Prices on MARLINS, (may calibre) consult YOUR NEAREST DEALER.
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
?






i


/







195492
###PAGE###5###
Shorey’s Ready-to-Wear
Rigby Waterproofed Frelze Ulsters
Peace I Peace !
Anything for Peace.


O
As long as you wear an ill-fitting suit war is raging.
Obtain Peace
l>y procuring a good-fitting, neatly made, well finished Suit, Overcoat or Trousers
—from—
Made from pure wool, 32 oz. to the yard Frieze. Five pockets.— , inch collar, with throat tab. cd edges—Raised seams. Length 54 inches. Nine colors. Black, Blue, Mid Brown, Drab, Claret, Heather, Oxford, Blue mixture and Olive mixture.
Waterproof, Windproof, Frostproof, Comfortable.
Sold by all reputable dealers from	(g
No?a Scotia to British Columbia for^ O • J V
Shorey's Guarantee Card in the pocket, of course. Insist on seeing it, it is a good square guarantee.


Deep flaps.—Six —Double stich-
I
'
)
• \
We are prepared to purchase at our Elevator all the good, clean Oats, Pease,
Bye and Buckwheat offered.
Farmers may rely on getting highest prices from us this season. We want your
trade, and expect to get it if
fair dealing and top prices
will fetch it, together with
the most convenient elevator on the line to handle your grain.
>
A. R. McGUIRE,
THE TAILOR.
P. S.—New fall goods in stock.
now
7^

ft

" h W' -A
VM
< :
r
* t

ll

«
1
f

^ \

* am
L_
-r.TÎ'l
Tho ITew Westminster Fire.
%
vV vi^Vh
« *...
0
Mias Edith Wilson, (daughter of Mr. Thomas Wilson, formerly of this vil lage) in a letter to Yen. Archdeacon Nay-l»*r under date of Sept. Kith, makes the /aa Al 1 \	- following reference to the terrible tire
( 28,911/	which recently destroyed the greater put-
By GENEVA, 2.11). Trial 2.08. | cXI^lT	B
Dam, Velveteen, 2 31 &. “
LORD VELTO
STOVES.
I he season for Stoves has now pet in and the public-will find me ful’y prepared to meet all their requirements with a frat-claes assortment of
2.26!	** d<,ubt you will already have read
~ ~ I in the newspapers many accounts of the destruction of the city of New Westmin-Thie fastest son of Geneva, the fast Inter by fire, and will be wondering what
est Trotting Stallion ever owned in Cat -1 has become of us all. Well, I am glad to
«da, will make a Fall Season at Shaw- b* abl? to ‘«11 T''" that with the weep.... .....	.	,	.	Ron of myself, who am suffering slightly
•ville at the following moderate term. :	| fmm lhe colu and exposure I waa aub-
jacted to on the night of the fire, the rest of the folk are “ halo and hearty.”
I will send you one of the Vancouver with privilege of return if mares prove I papers printed shortly after the fire, in not in foal.	which the account you will see of the fire
is not an exaggerated one without doubt the most beau'iful and yi t aw ful sight imaginable. We, together with hundreds of others were turned out of lour home by the Haines at about two I o'clock on Sunday morning. The fire had been raging for three hours before that, but as we lived well towards the centre of ' the city, it did not reach us until that time, and we were all warmly clad and
who hM .ecu red a «ood* «*Vebo«”,n w'm'eH rrj ^ ,f."r thti	wh,cl‘ "0.,MW 'or
passengers and freight, every day (Sundays some time would be unavoidable. Ex
excepv-d) t>etween the above named places at cepting those who were fortunate enough the usual rates,-	| |Q obtain a wagon or catt or something of
the kind, it was impossible for people to !
COOKING, BOX
AMD
PARLOR STOVES
One Mare Parties briemno Two Mares 25 00,
$15.00.
WITH EVERYTHING TO FURNISH THE KITCHEN IN THE
—LINE OF—
Tin and A gat 3 Ware,
at prices i,8 low as the lowest.
Furnaces, Steam & Hot Water Heaters
satisfactorily fitted up.
H. PERRY,
MAIN ST. - SHAWVILLE,
It WRt*
Bristol llerf
AND
Sami Point Ferry
G. P.
HOD&nrs.
Until further
Leaving Bristol Wharf at a a m., & 4.30, p. m
Baud Point “ 10 15 a.m.. A o. i.'». p. in	_
Special trips run when they will not Inter 9avo anything excepting what they could fere with the regular.	| carry in their arms, and express wagons
hat night coat as high as one hundred
SI [AW VILLE
-A GREAT-
Mr Dim Parlor
GEORGE BALLANTINE.
Bristol, April 22, 1898.
on t dollars.
COMBINATION.
Mr. Ross managed to procure a vacant house in the end of the city, which was not destroyed by the fire, in which we are all living at present ; and wo consider ourselves most fortunate, ns many are obliged to live in tents and shanties hastily constructed for the time being, and must suffer from the cold.
There is no starvation or hunger from
MAIN ST, - • SHAWVILLE.
CxOttawa/^
Business College.
(Established 32 years.)
If yon require a Hair Cut or Shave, you •ire guaranteed satisfaction at the Shaw vit le Hair Pressing Parlour.
Parties wishing to have their razors honed or dress'd can have Ih-rn put In excellent Condition for fn m 15 to 25cents.
Try my Hair Tonic.
u
THE FAMILY HERARD AND WEEKLY STAR,”0F
axtd « THE EQUITY
Fall term commences August 15th. A permanent staff of four experienced able expert teachers ; thirty two yearn of uninter- I the effects of the tire as yet, for the neigh rupted succès* ; being endorsed by the lead-1 lug business end p ofeealonai men of the ¦¦
Capital : each graduate getting the Diploma | kind, especially v ancuuver. Almost be-of the Business Educators* Association <>i Canada ; the success of our graduates (they are to be found everywhere) are points for •your consideration. Bend for new Catalogue.
t
JO HIT SMITH.
boring towns and cities have been id net

fore the ffre had subsided they had sent in car loads of provisions, etc.
Westminster is now quite a lemarkable JOHN KEITH, Principal, I looking sight and is slive with artists and 148.154Î Hank St., Ottawa, photographers, taking viuws and tketches "	of the ruins. Working men are not so
badly off ; there is plenty for them to do here as they are already starting to
rebuild the city. Carpenters for instance, I	Mau/ Qiihcprihorc
! a>e commanding $4 and 85 per day. The I 1 u	OUUbtriüCrb
business men are having shanties and tents erected in which to carry on their business until they get time to rebuild their handsome stores, etc., so the city is not going to fall through, as a Vancouver paper suggested the other day. It is onlj four days since the tire, yet we have in town three dry goods stores, a meat shop, three groceries, two barber shops, two drug stores, two hardware stores, a mil» finery shop, a bakery, etc. How they , have managed to get tin ir places erected and their goods into them in so short a space of time I can scarcely understand.
The exhibition buildings and grounds were fortunately not damaged by the tire, and they are going on with the prépara lions for the fair, which is to take place in October, and before the tire promised to be the best ever held in the province.
| Even yet with the financial help they are getting from Government and otherwise, they expect to make a success of it.
On the whole the future of New West-• -minster looks rather bright than otherwise, in spite of this awful fire.”
Shawville
Sash and Beer Factory.
MtCredie & Hod^ins, Proprietors.
For the balance of 1898 for
Only 35 Cents.
o
Shawville
SHhhi-p, Doors. Mouldings, Blinds, etc., oianufactu ed to order,
Al kinds of Matching and Planing done on ibo: test notice.
Estimates Furnished.
Feed and Provender Ground.
LIVERY.
This is the best short term subscription rate rate ever offered. The publishers of the “ Family Herald and Weekly Star” have been induced to make this offri, in order that the improvements in that wonderful paper might be more generally known. It is a marvel of cheapness.
TIE HULL ELECTRIC GO.
o
First class horses and rigs at popular prices.
Special attention paid to the commercial trade.
Cars run at Interval* of twenty mthutes In Vue morning amt fiflu n u.!nnte> !:i the afternoon, dully, fuoday- Include 1.
The Gquity
Will supply you with all the local news and the !	Ml to
including the general news of the whole world. A marvel of excellence, • Hide on the Merry-go-round.
and to>aay that its subscription price is low does not do it justice, fur it is j water chut,- aim,d* lhe <1. est amusement Of such extraordinary value that it looks as if it were given away. “The In the count iy. Emiles cimin lake*you up
Family Herald and Weekly Star" ia the world's great newspaper success of	^Tw'Je.TGui'y’oTuon't
the age.	| get wet.
McArtlir i Time.
¦I
fell
Close connections are madA with #11 Canadian Pacific and Gatineau®Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled.
gy SUBSCRIBE NOW.—This offer is good until October
10th, and is for New subscribers only.
Send your subscriptions to
Pontiac Pacific Moi By
W. R. TAYLOR,
O
fcec.-Treas.
Official Time Table :
JOHN A. COWAN,
THE EQUITY,
Famine in Ruasla.
AM.
Arrive 9 45
"	9.21
PATENTS
5.45 Leave
Aylmer tBreekeurldge CEardley Parker'* Crossing V Mohrs
Au yon Wyman's tTanic Bristol McKee's Shawville Clark’s
Campbell'* Bay ?Tank rvinton
Cou longe •Mellon's Waltham
•Flag Station. tTank. VFlag Station.
London, Sept. 21.—A St. Petersburg despatch says the imperial authorities are “	8 601 arranging for great purchases of American
.‘I	® wheat for distribution among the suffering
«	8.14 in the districts affected by the bad liar-1 ^	j f» •
"	go* I vest8* Reports from thedistrict of Kazan, UGX^t Ktl
"	7.3Ï | show an alarming state of affairs. The cat-
7 |d « tie are being fed on fodder taken from the «•	7I001 thatches of cottages, and permission has
been given the peasants to gather faggots for fuel and dried leaves for fodder in the woods. Terrible as the situation now is, the distress not only show no signs of abat-Connecting with Hull Electric Railway I i„g, but will probably be more accentuated Aylmer,	| in the coming winter, when the famine
will have for it* prey a population already impoverished and exhausted by previous general superintendent. I year# of want and scarcity.
41
6 00
9.06
6.12
Shawvilll, Que.
8.68
M
6.18
[PROMPTLY SECURED!
44
8.28
#*
41.37
««
6.47
ks " Invent-
Write for our Interesting t or's Help" and "How you are swindled. Send us a rough sketch or model of vvur invention or Improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. We make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
#•
6.56

6.58
#4
7.04
7.52
7.26
7.45
Job Printing
41
7.18
8.
ss
In the
44
808
4#
8.12
4 f
Line of
6 54
8.30
•s
MARION A MARION
6 89
8:47
14
#4
PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
Civil A Mechanical Engineer*. Graduate# of the Polytechnic School of Engineering, Bachelor* In Applied Science*, Laval University, Member* Patent Law Association. American Waterworks Association. N«w England P. U Surveyors Association,
Society of Civil Engineer*.
Leave 6.30
€.55 Arrive
EXECUTED WITH NEATNESS AND DESPATCH AT
THE EQUITY OFFICE
___Shawville, Que
P. W. RESSBMAN,

ATuan#

¦j


9

###PAGE###6###
\
ing my eyes upon him It waa perfectly aufe to walk with my arm around Ruth until we had nearly reac hed him. Then l took her hand in mine, and we atep-pe<l in front of him.
"Father," said Ruth. "M>. Craig and A 8^ud deal of the pleasiurs andeat-I are going to lie married."	(«faction we take in going anywhere,
A«.*^sriSr«rajiss r, ,.“*t “’T* j*
immediately raised his eyes from his n A *inX lt over aftenxaid.
Ixx)k and fixed them, first upon his M you are going to the lecture, the daughter and then upon me; then he [church, the play, or ths garden party,
,h. tw«
amused but also somewhat annoyed ed.	-	Well, father, said Ruth, a little im- two can compare notes and talk it
stale of mind. I had no intention "Let urn drop this idea of love-mak- patiently, "what civ you think of it?" all over afterward.
had reason to believe, very seusiule. vi ions give out before the Dusantes book and closed it.	^	are ! letter than one, and of course two
But it was not yet a fortnight since 1 come back. I suppose we shall have to	*’pm8 to m®» be 8ftid, "that on
^r,i^ber“i»aS enter0edlT®ht my	^Po^nTy"»	*re 80 mnn? «hIn«s to * «*«*«»• and
head. Bad Mrs. Leeks and Mrs. Ale-	as we can, and be the good	friends	he added more decidedly,	I think it	there can lw so much harmless, de
shine, or. more important that all. had	that we used to lie."	Iwul	do very well indeed.	I aha 11 not	lighlful gossip when two women, who
Miss Lnderton, any reason to believe I might as well have talked to one	al! surprised if we are obliged to
tj s-Æï.ffi'Æ rszzy saraIp	-,.r.
was almost immediately answered to	Ale bine, "what is saved from	Mrs.	81,6 t(> y*av" lf rtt present. And when	The way that dancer In the red
my satisfaction by the appearance of	Berks's and mine and the three sailor	Y^u shall place yourself,	Ruth, in a	silk gown flirted with the knight In ;.er W(M1,<t he of sufficient interest to
EE" -*¦££ îSHSîS te-H EHïïlliSSsSP
¦¦
seemed hungry; and 1 took your fath- to wandering about the Hand, gener- hurrying out together. Running up to | (and your friend will agree with you) ,	, fY ?r ^ x	i .7 ¦¦ f ™y
w'a to him in the library, where 1 W ally with two or three Woks under his us with a haste and an excitement I that a woman who lectures ought to tie The dor 1 IIILV *h?
SHBHeEHHS E s™=	EE™«rS	^	S
every mop on the floor, which, how- into the house.	earnestness. Then they turned upon you know, one is so exposed on	the plat-	tti	'	%	*ÏV n 1 deapflred.,n,
ever, it won't matter at all, for in the One afternoon, as Miss Ruth and I	me and shook my hands with hearty form.	ÎLm*	fn	.. 11	mnnr!!?reBJ|" ™t”
if she knew of the kind thing that not trust myself to speak, I landed	„ . , ou ,lre.dnt suppose that we veever fault.	Some girls never	know	how to	known."	Mr.	Croagrey who Is 41 years
these two women were trying to do her. And petulantly complaining M*1’. Any.t ,1,1 toT,,l“	/ or t“ttt deport themselves, you know. And of is noxv at work every day. The
% ,„u tak...., ,.tr
asked Mrs. Leeks of me the next day. away. '	\r*	.	. . .	. ,r y°u *° to a party, or reception, you frofcnplete recovery. He is a life long
And on my replying that I had taken An hour later, my soul still in a |ce._r,eaenl Vlg ^ tus im^mtation dearly like to talk that over. The way | friend of Dr. Williams' Pink Pills and
never lets an opportunity pass of shaking a good word for them.
The above statement was sworn to was before the undersigned at Port Hope do on tb* 17th day of February, 1R98.
D. H. CHISHOLM.
Talking It Over.
1 STRINGS CASE.
THE CASTING AWAY
HR. JAS. CROSORKY, OF PORT HOPE, TELLS AN INTERESTING STORY.
I
OF
1
ALESHINE.
MRS. LECKS AND MRS.
¦Is eight Leg Swell#* le Three Times It# Natural Mise- Ulcers * el lowed a«l for • leer asd • Heir Desters Trealuie u* Felled to «rip Him.
From the Port Hope Times. L'
"It was nearly as large as that telephone pole." The>e word# were used by Mr. Jas. Crosgrey, for eight years a resident of Port Hope, Ont. Mr. Crosgrey is in the employ of Mr. It. K. Scott, who ha* a feed store on .Walton street, and is well and favorably known in town and vicinity. Less than two years ago Mr. Crosgrey was the rccipent of much sympathy on account of a severe affliction which bcfel him, depriving him of the use of his right lvg. and from doing any labor except a few odd days work. His recovery was wrought so suddenly and completely that the Times considered the mat-
pair of eyes are better than one. There
are thoroughly en rapport with each
It
indeed, and in three times
and he
was no
These ulcers
i
caw in
away.
----------- —	.An hour later, my soul still in a .	. .	.	.	.	,----, —
no steps of the kind to which 1 suppos- state of turmoil, but with the violence upo,î	independence ot my love- tahje
ed she alluded, she walked away with I of tossings somewhat abated, I I !??î „nïf,„.	happy	I '
»	.. I entered one of the paths which
_	was laid—the new method of
did not want to enter into a discussion. |folding the napkins, the fashion in
which the hiir of the hostess
a very grave and cerium* face.	|
A few hours later Mrs. Aleahine through the woods. After oame to me. "There's another reason	turiw, I reached a point where I	could
tor hurry in' up," said	she. "1 hem	see for quite a distance to the	other
,	,,,	„,	r,7~.	- w**
bacoo, and Mrs. Leeks has been Bellin’	Enderton, sitting upon the little bench	1 .vafl a,K>ut to follow, but my com-	noticed how Mrs. Brown's dress
It to'em out ot a big box she found in	on which I had found Emily's book.	delalned me-	been let out In the waist—she
a closet upstairs, et five cents a tea-	His lack was towards me, and he seem-	, ATe you sicken to the parsonf” she	getting so stout
eup full, which I think is awful cheap, ©d to be busily reading. About mid- asked*	‘	that, dreadful Seely child that they all
but she says prices in	islands is al-	way between him and myself I	saw	"Ob,	yes,"	said I,	"and	he	seems jper-	| think	is	such	a	wonder;	and	if	it , Th	0	.	*. w ,	,
ways low, and wrapping	the money up I Miss Ruth, slowly walking towards	feet 1 y	satisfied.	I	am	rather	surprised	iwere	yours	you	would	have left	it	at	6	111	.	,M	tn
in a paper, with	'Cash paid by	sailor	me. Her	eyes were	fixed	upon I at Ibis,	liecau.se of late he hasfieenfln	home—yes, indeed! And it was so	tne	Possession	of	the	Birmingham Can-
men for tobacco*	written on it,	and	the ground,	and she had	not seen me.	sucb a	remarkably bad humor."	funny that Mr. (Robinson, the	host,	al	Navigations	this engine	having been
puttin' it into the ginger-jar with the	stepping to one side I awaited her	"That's so," said Mrs. Aleshine;	did not even look in. and he was in	the constructed by Boulton & Watt in
board money. But their dollar and	approach. .When she came near I ac-	"there's no gel tin' round the fact that	house, you know he was, all the( time,
forty-three cents	is nearly gone, and	costed her.	he's been a good deal Grosser than two	And you have heard it hinted,	and
Mrs. Leeks she says that not a	Whiff "Miss Ruth," said I, "has your	fath-	sticks.	You see, Mr. Craig, that Mrs.	your fri nd says she has heard it	hint-
of Mr. ~	........................ ............. *	’	*	............. ....................
have if they can't pay for it when they have nothin’ to
led
and therefore merely smiled.
"I'm so glad, I don’t know how to tell it," continued Mrs. Aleshine, as ,	.. . , *	,	.
Mrs. Leeks and Ruth walked towards |you think?, and your frien 1 Is quite
And she
a few
'done up"—(not becoming at all
OLDEST STEAM ENGINE.
had
is
and
then I lictu Hennin* Rrgelarlj for On# Hendr#*
and Tw#nly l>ar*.
the year 1777 in the firm's books in that
The order is entered
year as &
____	I Leeks and me, we made up our minds led, too, but of course you don't either | single acting beam engine, with chains
She looked up quickiy, evidently sur- that it wasn't fair to the Dusantes to one of you believe it—oh
Dus&nte’s tobacco shall they er been talking to you of me ?"
'	. And
smoke, I prised at my being there. "Yes," i they'll be wantin' to leave this island	said, "he has told me that it is not—
Just as quick as they can, without	suitable that 1 should be with you
waitin' for the flour to give out."	much as I have been since we came
Here was another pressure brought | here."	\
to bear upon me. (Not only the waning	.	_____ ______
ing tobacco money was used as a weap- I	had begun to subside within me. There I more	Nsh	and not	so	much	bread,	the	[then	she	smiles	knowingly,	and
on to urge me forward to the love-	was so much that was unjust and	a*toe	as	w® did the	sailor	men, and	we	smile in	the	same	way,	and you ttior
making which Mrs. Leeks and Mrs.	tyrannical, and—what perhaps touch-	weakened his tea, and sent him just so	oughly understand each other, and	I	the current year, a	period say of 120
Aleshine had set their hearts upon.	ed me still deeper—there was such a	touch sugar, and no more; and, as for	Mr. Robinson's status is definitely set
I was in no hurry to leave the want of consideration and respect in openin' boxes of sardines for him which tied to your mutual satisfaction, island, and hoped very much that	this behavior of Mr. Enderton that it	there was no reason why they shouldn't
when we did go we should depart in	brought to the front some very incon-	be left here for the Dusantes, I just	in for a ehare of attention when JVu	,	» lt51iv ui wnat can oe none oy
some craft more comfortable than a	gruous emotions. I had been super-	wouldn't do it, though he said he’d got	are talking it over. Poor Ange line	management when	dealing with
ship’s boat. In order, therefore, to I odiously pushed aside, and I found I aI1 the fresh fish he wanted when he Jones, with her black hair, and dread- chinery of undoubted quality
— ------------• Something was about to | wm in China. And then we agreed [fully tawny skin, and that blue dress! | worthy of note that the Birmingham
*	9	81	"	*	* * Canal Navigation favored Roullon &
for him and	his daughter, and if we	clubs, and do so much entertaining; and	I	'oches in diameter, with a stroke of
couldn’t get	no more out of him One	that he is awful close and miserly	eight feet, and erected at the canal
^I way, we’d do	it in another. It was fair	with hL family; and your friend has	I company's pumping station at Rolfe
I There was	something	in this remark I enough that	it he didn’t pay more he	heard the same thing; but, then, one	j	street, Smeih w< k. During the pres-
but the	rapidly	disappear-	| that roused	again the	turmoil which | ought to get	less; and so we gave him | never does know what to believe. And	ent year, 1 K>8 this remarkable old en-
y°u I gine, which has been regularly at *"’*1 work from the lime of its erection to
as
years, was removed to the canal com.	,	.	, 1L	pany’s station at Ocker Hill, Tipton,
And thedresees of the guests com© I ihere to be re-erected and preserved
* you | as a relic of what can be done by good
malt is
prevent any undue desire to leave on was angry
the part of the sailors, I gave them be torn from me. and I found I loved that it was high time that that libr’ry [Strange that people do not have bet- Canal Navigation favored Boulton & money enough to buy a good	many	it.	should be	cleaned up, and we went to	ter taste! Her dressmaker ought to	Watt in 1777 with the order of this
teacups full of tobacco. By this	act I	"Ruth," said I, stepping up close to	work at	not mindin' what he said;	have told her l etter. She looked pos-	<ngir.e an 1 'R 8 ck 120 y< are rftt rwa d
think I wounded the feelings of Mrs.	her, "do you like to be with me as you	for	no use teilin’	me that four i loi-	itively horriI! And	Mrs. Flitters, with	the company have	intlusted the same
Leeks and Mrs.	Aleshine, although I	have been?"	lars a	week	will pay	for a front room	those	pink ribbons;	and she	is fifty	firm. James Watt	A Co Soho	Snieth-
had no idea that such would be	the	If Miss Ruth had not spent such a	afd good	board, and the use of a	If Fhe is a day! And your, friend	wick, with the manufacture of two of
effect of my little gift. They	said	large portion of her life in the out-of-	library all	day. And, as there wasn't	will supplement your remarks with	their modern triple-expansion verti-
nothing to me on the subject,	but	the-world village of Nanfouchong ; if	no need of	both of us cleanin’ one room,	the Information that they do say	cal engines, to be erected at the Wttl-
ineir looks and manner indicated that she had not lived among those aim- Mrs Leeks, she went into the parlor, that it is a fact that the Flit sail pumping station having 240 horse they thought I	had not been acting	pie-hearted missionaries, where it was	where	he'd	took hie	books, and begun	terses	have a big	mortgage	on their	power and a j umping capacity	of 12-
honorably. For	two days they had	never necessary to conceal her emotions	there.	And	then, again, we shut down	house	and don't	pav their	grocer's	713,600 gallons per	day
tvery little to say to me; and then Mrs.	or her sentiments; if it had not been	on Mr. Dusantes dressing-gown. There	bill?; and that, oldest Miss Flitters is	_
Aleshine came to me to make what, I	that she never had had emotions or	I	"as no sense includin' the use of that	dead in love with young Goldu-*t, and
suppose, was their supreme effort.	sentiments that it was necessary to	in his four dollars a week, so we brush-	he laughs &l>out it at his. club—th1
. "Mrs. Leeks and me is a-goin* to	conceal, I do not believe that when she	I	?<* it up, and camphored it, and put	wretrh — but, then, men will do
try," she said, and as she spoke she	answered me she would have raised	I	it away. We just wanted to let him	you know.
looked at me with a very sad exprès-	her eyes to me with a look in them of	know that if he undertook to be skin-	• When you go away for the summer
eion and a watery appearance about	a deep-blue sky seen through a sort	flinty, he’d better try it on somebody	season, your friend and you can have
the eyes, "to stretch out the time for I of Indian summer mist, and that gaz-	Rlae besides us. We could see that he	all the winter to talk it over. And
Jr ou & little longer. We are goin’ to iug thus she would have said :	was a good deal upset, for, if ever fr reminiscences of that kind are so demake them sailor men eat more fish, I "Of course I like it."	man liked to have things quiet and lightful. Oh. the mosquitoes, and
pnd as for me and her, we’ll gd(pretty I "Then let us make it suitable," I ‘‘°*nfortable around him, and every- the horrid hard beds, and the flies, much without bread, and make it up, I said, taking both her hands in mine thing his own way, that man is that and the boat rides, and the sunsets.and P* well as we can, on other things. There was another look, in which the missionary. ^Rut we didn’t care if the multitudes of other things [You and Miss Ruth and the parson skies shone clear and bright, and then I we dld Prod him UP ft	Mrs. Leeks that you experienced. And so. as we
can each have your three-quarters of in a moment, it was all done.	land me, we both agreed that it would said In the beginning, half the enjoy-
» pint of flour a	day, Just the same	About five minutes	after this I	I	do	him ?°Vd*	.WhJI’ he d	got. inLto su?il	ment one	gets out of anything is found
*s ever, hurt what	we save ought	to	said to her, "Ruth, shall	we go to your	himself	up in himself,	|n talking it over after ft ispver and
give you three or four days longer." I father f"	I that he didn t even see that his dau- gone.—Kate Thorn.
This speech moved me deeply. I "Certainly," she answered. And to- ghter	sbou#t, w}.ih a y™?*-------------------------------
could not allow these two kind-heart- I gether we walked along the thicklv maJI' and flxm her affectio“» on him Electric light is about to be intro-ed women to half starve themselves in shaded path.	3 I more and more every day, w hen he nev- duoed into the 11,000 rooms of the Vati-
order that I might	have more time	to	The missionary still	sat with his	er	had no	idea< M ‘î0?1,1	^ proved by	can. The	plant is being set up in the
woo, and I tpoke	very earnestly	on I hack towards us; and, being so intent	I	witneBBes*	of	marryin' her.	former	barracks of the French
the subject to Mrs. Aleshine, urging I upon his book, I found that by keep ¦	To Be Continued.	Guards.
>
TO EXPEL BASHI-BAZOUKS
A despatch from Candia, Crete —Reinforcements continue to and there are now 2,000 British troops here besides th<i international squadron of ten warships. The Mussulmans were in such terror when the salutes were fired in honor of the British admiral upon his arrival that they rushed frantically into the streets uttering cries of deajiair, thinking the town was again being bombarded. The town has been quiet for several days. It has been definitely decided by the Government to insist upon the immediate recall of the Bashi-Bazouks f rom Crete, even if England has to act ndeppndently. The consent of the Bui-tan will be asked as a matter of form, but the Bashi-Bazouks will be expelled by force, if necessary.
so
says, arrive.

I
«VII
y
1
1





###PAGE###7###
when we have family prayers. It Is b come gamblers and defrauders, and I and put oil in the lamps, and It warn 5,6. He took awn y oui of all the cltlee Simple fact that	from	ten thousand	knaves, and desperadoes, and liars, and	considered a disaster if those lamps	of Judah the high places and the images.
Chf istliin homes	In	this country	thieve# The# did not have the	right	went out. You and I will aome day go	the sun statues, altars, and emblems
îk	? k	fr!>m	one	enr*	*he yp'r	kind of a store lamp.	Why is it, in	down into the house of the dead. Borne	of Baal, the sun	god. Judging bjn mod-
!k»° kW 8,	out	tlie	parlour. O,	our day,	merchandize	Is	smitten with	have looked upon It as an unknown	era	Hindu images, some of these were
that, housekeepers understood that | uncertainty, and three-fourths of the land and when they have thought of in the shape of a human head, sur-the g race of God is the greatest, ao-1 business of our great cities in only one it, their knees have knocked together rounded by a halo, and others proboom p! Intiment, and that no seat is too huge species of gambling, and society and their hearts fainted. There were ably of the human form thus eurround-
Slere, the Chare*, aad I he Scpalehre-1 « U » ? f°r re g, t?, .	!n'	„ 'H upturned by false assignments, and whole generations of men that had no ed. Ash was a leneficent despot ; he
The Initially #r oar Cilles—The «real	. ,arcft	grand for	religion to walk	two-ihird	acts an 1	repudl ttions,and im-	comfort about death,	no view of the	k did not consult with anyone, but did
ztcszLtr-	mU'f	u BS.K	a.	rXTÆ'i.r.s.r
A ,.o„ Wanbinffton «.y. K.i“ tâS&gSS 5SSÏ "ÏKÎ’w ÎSfMîS %	‘‘ffl.tVS.	2*S2» Cf.M
DT. TaUi^ugo	preached	from	the	fol-	it is good enough to go anywhere where	out any houses, and joint-stock	com-	this is horrid." And It was. The grave	little kingdom and could see no sign
lowing	text:	"Thy	word	la	a lamp."	you go or where I	shall	go. To purify	panies without any conscience?	And	la the deepest, ghastliest pit that a	of plotting within nor of invasion with*
—Psalm cxlx. 105	+ heart, to cleanse the life, to nal- why are ten thousand of our busi- man ever looks in, unless the lamp of out. It is true that the kingdom ot
O», ..«P. ch.nd.H.ra,...	lïïvr.b'XhT iïî
ton h es, and lanterns, we try to drive "just have the Bible in the parlour, theus? It is the want of a right kind was a den where a great monster gorg- able that a hostile feeling rather than out the night from houses and church- ™ "en Christian people come to spend of store lamp. What ruined t he mer- I ed himself on human carcasses. "1 will act uni hostilities are referred to in 1 •*, and stores, and «hops. He who in- »"evenin«. they talk about the we a- chajit princes of Tyre-tbai. great city put. an end to that," aaid Jeeue of Naz- Kings 15. 10 Thai a people, acme ot
ïïtÆs	xs; :.J ::z	iSSitS'Sz'zirxrJtini
own fortune and the fortune of his .	1 alk alx>ut the markets; but they embroidered sails, and ivory benches, as He stepped out from the gate of whom were financially interested in
children. But there is a night of sin,	talk about God, and Christ, and	driven by fierce blasts on	Northern	heaven, all the graveyards of	earth	that heathen worship,	should sc
philosophy made a lamp, but It was a	Still	further; the Bible la the street	dan, and gold and spices from	Rahmnh,	He hung a light, and over this	moth-	life of the nation. The ten years of
deed failure, and the people kept crying	When night comes down on and emerald and agate from Syria; her er a tomb He hung a light, and over peace which Asa enjoyed were made
out:	"Give us a light I	give us	a	the	oit7-	orime	«°®8	forth	to itB 'WOT9t	,wat,erH	foaming with	innumerable	this wife's grave He hung a light, and	good	use of. He	built fenced cities in
H,h,Afi..	prophet.	.....	S	SSUÏ. Zd	T&
gelist, and apostle made a lamp. A	hinder	the burglar, and assassin, and	queen of cities, on a throne	of ivory	He uttered His voice, and it ran	along	toms of the Hebrews gave	to their
coal from heaven struck it into a blaze,	highwayman, and pickpocket,xwe must	and ebony, under a crown	of gold,	under the ground from city to	city,	kings huge revenues and	the royal
and uncounted multitudes of people have artificial lights .all over the city. »nd pearl, and diamond, and carbuncle and along under the sea from eontin- wealth was increased* by each success... oei	_	-a...	. ,	^	1	But there is	a darkness beyond	all	and chrysopras ? The want of a right	ent to continent, until mausoleum, and	ful camj>aign; but the "good" kings
n an	°,H>n 1 1,10 ',efore them	or7	power of	gaslight. What is the	use	kind of store lamp. If the principles	sarcophagus, and sepulchre throbbed	always emphasized the theocracy	and
out in rapture and In love: "Thy word	of police-station, and almshouse, and	of religion had ruled in her trade, do	with the ioy,—*" I am the resurrection	regarded God as the real king and
ilk lamp."	watchmans club. If there be no mor-	you suppose that dry rot would have	and the life, he that believe!h in Me,	themselves as vicegerents — stewards
Whem a. faw	a#pâ wa. *nd religious influence to sanction flunk the ships, and that vermin would though he were dead, yet shall he live. ’ 0f the great Householder. Their in-
_ ^	'	. ,	/. ff0;	the law, and to purify the executive,	have eaten up her robes, and that God's	O ye bruised souls I O ye who have	come therefore was not regarded as
a great accident in Hartley Colliery,	and to bang over legal enactment the	mills would have ground up the «gate,	been cutting yourselves among the	“private," but wbjj lavishly spent for
England, and two hundred persons lost	fear of God and an enlightened public	and that fishermen would dry their	tombs I O ye who have been sowing	the defence of the nation. "Fenced
their Uvea, the Queen telegraphed	°Pinion- When in a city crime runs	nets on the rocks which once were	seed for the resurrection day! O ye	cities" were fortresses, some of them
down to	the	seen* of dimmer •	w*	raml*Lnt.	*nd	virtue is at a discount,	aquake with the roar and tread of a	of the broken heart I I come out to-	most massive. The invasion by	the
„	be	scene of ("water.	Can	we	and jaile	are	full Bnd churches	are	great metropolis? O, what thrones	day and put in your hand this glor-	Egyptians in Re ho Yarn’s day and	the
give you any help ? V* ill you be able empty, and the nights are hideous with have fallen, what monuments have lous Gospel lamp. It will throw aglow extensive wars which Abijah suffered
to get the men out f How many are	the howl and the whoop of drunkard*	crumbled, what fleets have	sunk, what	of consolation	over your bereft spirit,	made	this renewal	of the fortresses by
lost? Give my sympathy to all the	*"4 She saloons boil over with spurn and	atatue* have been defaced	what bar-	" Weeping may endure for a night,	Asa	a necessity.	The	land had rest.
.....	sriüïïï üs2s.‘,^bsrï&	s?
the families who stood amid the con- and when great tides of wickedness damned, all for the want of the right Rabbi Mier went off from home to be &nd generals recognize the prevail-sternation and the terror, that the down the streets—the first want of , k»nd of a store lamp. Men of business! gone for a few days, and left two beau- ing conditions of peace but the people
nr»- .«"ssts-s	i;ssa-m,™r™rsiws±-d-
y	their dhsastf i Hut 1 hive	s church tower and look down upon a	phop. hDo not be ashamed	if anybody	knowing that	anything happened. His	with none to make	him	afraid, and the
to tell you to-day a more glorious	city at night? It is overwhelming,	at noon finds you reading	the Scrip*	Christian wife	knew he would be over-	signs	of prosperity	and	security made
truth, and that is, from the throne of But you feel that beneath all that turea. It is safe always to do bust- come with grief, and she met him at the popular life wholesome and hap-
FF- “ iïrEEEB m 31	» sS-rœ
the dungeons of our sin and suffering great cave built for his prisoners. He	A gentleman came in,	and	asked for	while. VVnd do you know while you	panied by strife and struggle." We
a message of pardon, of love, of sym- , wbs a cruel man, and he used, teffeo to	«ome Middlesex cloths.	“O," said the	were gone the owner came for them,	read that in	Asa's reign his land was
blessed by ships passing through dark- into his ear and made music for him.	1 don t want them ;'	and	lie passed	were only loaned." Then she called her	"We rest on	thee." This is our privil-
ness and storm, so on the heights of God stands at the head of our world,	out. The head of the firm	<jwwi)	husliand to the side-room and remov-	egle—to have	rest alike when there is
—-——:v.ur,M1,.'‘,,h. ««‘tsTssT'-ni	s,iïin'WJXiMmt s sn	s'sn&.n
the dungeon, and every sigh comes up, sex cloths, " replied the young man. I few moments given way to his grief, the thought that there remaineth a wretchedness and of God's providence, .stirring His sympathies, and every y; by didn t you tell him they were he rose up and said ; " Now I know rest to the people of God	,
***** SHÉi
««hty-five years of sge, and I said to man ear «midyear without being ™ay be no dazzle of theatric ossein- good end right in the eyes of the her :	%ay I give you a Bible r O. " «tunned.	l,h.ere ^	«''(fil l Lord- -tudied carefully the will of
f ^ *• -	SSS h a Kir L'ïzl-ztü*
l used to read, but for twenty years the Church and	the school, and a	in the occasion that makes it su per-	ly sought to conform his life to it.
I haven't been able to read a Christian	printing-press kindle all	B,tlu,al- }“ lhet h^fiL ®fauh“	There is no safe test of integrity but	8* Asa	had	an army.	Not,	howev-
and the New Testament In great, cleansed.	Send it	against those de-	^n4 he lifted it until the monasteries	our own hearts condemn us ; but God	Telt justified in calling	in	time	of war.
large, round type, and 1 said: "Now canters,	if you	would have them	an,| cathedrals of Germany And Italy, I ^ greater than our hearts. If in his	Targets.	long	shields.	Spears. The
sepulchral lamp.	A1P8 ^er Aips, t-yrenees	, tence into the prayers and gladness 3. He took away the altars of the concerning Asa are given in Kings as
Tn parlours all aflash with gaslight,	^ryeneea. ^Himalaya alter	ni ma my.	the thanksgiving. It changes into	strange gods. "Strange	gods" mean	well	as in Chronicles, but	this invasion
and gleaming mirror, and blazing	v vSr a«!i p.v!n« what i«	ti,rt differ-	a church John Bunyan's prison, and	"stranger" gods, foreign	gods. High	ia only mentioned here.	I Who Zerah
spread with hospitality and refine-	t?	ri ii' III o Vii v ried it into Switzerland.John Wickfield 2 Chrou. 15. 17 we find that the high easy to understand how an Egyptian
ment, this one Lamp may cast b glow	n rihlUnïhrrmUe O Chris- into England, and John Knox into Scot- places consecrated to Jehovah were cou!d 1)6 called an Ethiopian. It is
s a FZœEHEB ss.“Æ.rc; sfuîttt - « — -
to fall upon the hilarities of life. We	g*c*t stree I i	.	est pit, ye emissaries of darkness! for h Built on hilltop a, and often chapels lan prince who ruled over Egypt
would not have every song a dirge,	ai?,. our ,, J' PUk. Th.	by the throne of an omnipotent judg-	or sacred tents were erected with them,	on	account of his	marriage
and every picture a martyrdom, and	^1	l>1™ declared:	"Thv	Word is a	ment ^ declare it that all inquityghall	Brake down the images.	The pillars,	*}tJl	^® daughter of the Egyptian
%%	ai'wssjï.'sssar.si Kuï —. « .»«¦	« fe.Æï u sr-ssrsa
joy, would rend no harmony,	would	1 know there are people who suppose	^ dispelled, when God’s truth shall go	Baal. Cut down	toe groves. Revised	invasion may have been that Asa recheck no innocent laughter.	On the	that the vice of our cities is going to	forth "as a lamp that burneth." We	Version, A he rim. This phrase, like	fused to continue the tribute which
contrary, it would bring out brighter conquer the	virtue of the people.	I do	want no sappers or miners to level the	"images," refers to pillars, only that	Shishak had imposed upon Rehoboam.
colours in the picture ; it would ex- not believe	it. Let error and	vice	wall ; we want no axemen or engineers	I these were wooden, and dedicated to	A host of a thousand thousand, and
pose new gracefulness in the curtains run, if you	only let truth run along	to prepare the way ; we want no gilt-	the goddess Ashtaroth. The worship	three hundred chariots. This horde
it would unroll new wreaths from the with them. Urged on by sceptic’s term g steel, or booming gun, or howl- of the false god and the false goddess probably was made up of mercenaries, carpet ; it would strike new	music	shout, and transcendentalisms spur, let	Hotchkiss shell to get us the vio-	were naturally	entwined about each	Arab nomads, always ready for a fight,
from the harp ; it would throw new	*rror runl Ged's Angela of wrath are	tory, for the mountains are full of I	other. The rites	were picturesque and	and now swept northward by the Ethi-
polish into the manners ; it would *n hot pursuit, and quicker * than Worses and chariots of fire. Hallelu-1 exceedingly degrading, as indeed they opian army, each tribe hoping to have kindle with light borrowed from the eagle’s beak clutcheth out a hawks ; for the kingdoms of this world could not but be, for the deities them- & share of the expected plunder. The very throne of God all the refine- heart, God's vengeance will tear it to are become the kingdoms of our Lord selves were personified vices.	number of chariots is small, due.
meats of society. O, that the Christ piecefi. Let	it run, if you only	let	j^ua Christ. I do not wonder that	4. Commanded Judah. Issued a pro-	doubtless, to the fart that it was next
who was born in a barn would come God's Word	run along with it.	the stranger who sat the other day be-	clamation throughout his little king-	to impossible for chariots to be used
to our parlour I We need His hand Still further: the Bible la the Vest side me in the rail-car reading his Bi- dom. To seek the Lord God of their effectively in Judah. The approach to sift the parlour music. We need store lamp. Blessed is the merchant	ble, after he had concluded his read-	fathers. To worship	Jehovah as	the	,r°m Egypt was especially difficult for
His taste to assort the parlour litera- who under its glow reads his ledger,	ing, closed it, and kissed it, and^put it	only God of Israel.	From the story	them. Mareshah
ture. We need HU voice to conduct and transacts his business, and pockets In hU pocket. There have been times I elsewhere we learn how tremendously town had been fortified by Rehoboam. the parlour conversation. We are apt	his galas, and suffers	his losses. It	when you did the same. When all else	I in earnest Asa was in all this reforma-	it lay on the edge of the desert,
to think of religion as being a rude,	may be well to have a fine skylight,	failed you. It was so bright, it	was softion. He deposed Queen Maachah, his	ab°ut twenty-five miles	southwest of
blundering thing, not fit to put Its	to have a magnificent glass show-win-	loving, it was so sympatMetis	a book	mother (1 Kings 16. 10.) or his grand-	Jerusalem. From it the road rose
foot upon Axminster, or its clownish dow, by night to have bronzed brackets	that you too kissed it.	mother, according to 1	Kings 15. 2,	and	raP*41y end roughly.	It was the first
hands on beautiful adornments, or spouting fire In a very palace of mer-	Still further the Bible Is a sepul-	her idols were openly	destroyed.	To	great Jewish fortress	to which Zerah'a
lift its voice amid the artistic and re- chandize; but if you have not this	chral lamp. You know that the an	do the law. To study	the civil	and i *rmy earne.
fined; so, while we have Jesus in the	eternal lamp vou had better quit keep-	oient Egyptians used to keep	lights	religious order of the nation. Com-	10. Then Asa went out	against him
nursery, when we teach our children	ing store. What is the reason so	burning in the tombs of their dead,	mandment. The thought here is that	As moon as the news of	the invasion
to pray, and Jesus in the dining-hall	many who started in	merchandize,	These lights were kept	up for scores,	of obedience. The "commandment" is	reached him. The valley of Zephathah
when we ask His blessing upon our	with good principles, and	fair prospects,	even hundreds of years.	Friends would	the precept which en j ins the practice *	Of this valley nothing Is certain It
food, and Jesus in the sitting-room	and honourable to tentions» have he-	corns from generation	to generation	of the "law" which they studied,	known.
VARIOUS KINDS OF LIGHTS,
REV. DR. TALMAGE DISCOURSES ON
THE BIBLE.
IS Is » lamp Her She Ptrltar, the Street, she
a light upon the great sea of man's
increased their strength. While the land is yet before us. This was the reason of Asa's building, "in time of peace prepare for war," is a maxim which, while often misused, has some wisdom underneath it.	«
use to
I can't see to
me
was evi-of the troops
her
>
'Summit." This


###PAGE###8###


Hog for Service.
Ornamental needle work, cotton,—Mrs
Km broidery oil eilk—Mise Annie Rich I The undersigned offers for service hie ar<U 1, Mr» H Barnett 2, Mi.. M.cKay |	bred^..Tu^h^fromM
j. Shelby, of Harrowunltb, Ont. Fee—One
Sow i'f »dmou- H A Brownlee 1, E
Brownlee 2, Alex Bean 9.
Yokkshike—Aged boar—J as Arm-
Aged «ow-Jm Armitrong 1, " »lter BtMbroidery Roman-Miss Annie Rich-1 ïjolUr
unnair<3	“ s'ffcd season-Ja. Armstrong 1, W.l- ardU, Mis. Jennie Logan 2, Mr. O 0
xIv/IvSIjO	q	MHMM9 S#	¦
(teo tirant.	tiMwnlea 1	u n *» <1
Span hor.es. draft-I>on«ld Duff 1, 'lged ,ow-E Brownlee U H A Brown- ^"oidoVy on plush-Miss Annie
A SpU horsey gen use,-Jos Chapman 1. '^mr 0f seasou-Ja* 0 Armstrong 1. R,£Sidory ' on ^ton-Mi» M K
^onl. Mis, K„iott2, Mia. Mae.
Kiernsn 1. U W Ralph 2, B W\oui.g o. Brywnlee 2.	.	.	.	„ T Embroidery chain atitoh-Mre T B
S,*au horses, carriage—L A Mnait l, CllEsTEK \\iiiTB-^4ged boar-7/ 1 Dr , Mra Hugh Hobbs 2, Mrs H
Wm Graham 2, .las L >haw .1	McDowell 1.	wn	Barnett 3.
Mare and foal. draft-Thos Sally 1. ,ged 80W-/i T McDowell 1, E Brown- Einbrt)idery on ,nUslin-Mre John Rob.
HsSs: S a— jw-	* SF5^|
rison 3.	t . ir Sow of season-—B Brownlee 1.	Drawing room Screen—Mies Elliott 1,1	X^ORTJ
‘'Th'Sy L E H'%. 2, Alex Orr ^R W Hodgins 1, Fred Clarke 2, 0 h| Arnrwne work M^r W ^Armstrong	diepUy o( carriage,-A Smiley I Q A^B - -
.oil. d-l-R-bl. 1«. „ fl;:^ 2."mTaS1» rU's I »'™i. R'.h..d. 2, M, w A Armstrong
as 1, R McDowell 2.	¦	j	| ¦	I
C'vde stallion—pedigreed »> m Wak
List of Prizes
L
awarded at
3
Shawville Exhibition.
•>
ALEX. BEAN,
Lot 18, It U Clarendon
*55
8 m
Sept. 17,im
(2,
nSL
\ WATCHES. CLOCKS, JEWELLERY etc. etc.
H. S. Ms Mil
W.
1
* .
s
s
s
"TEE LEADING HOUSE "
;
mf *" I BIG
Sha
bargain
Now In Full Blast.
• «
Bo one of the crowd next Friday or Saturday and get yourself a
POULTRY
Pair geeae—Alex Bean 1, H a Brown
3
HONEY	Stitches on linen -Mies M K Thompson
r=::
Stewart 2, Jas t rendergaet o.	20 Lba Bvttbr.—Mrs John McDowell . Vra John Robitaille 2, Min M E| Pair Black Spanish—John M Hodgtns
Single roadster—John A McGuire 1. h Mr„ jM Cothbertson 2. Mrs D'Duff c^an 3.	11.	I --   .
\Vm Young 2, J.ia Amm 3.	a Mra John Smith 4, Mrs R McDowell Embroidered infante’ shawl—Afrs II Pair white leghorns—Win Young 1, « | XT QW IS yOur
Special by H<>n. Geo B /son Singe ^ Mrs Wilder Diavia 6.	Rirnett 1, -Visa Annie Richards 2 Miss S Morgan 2, L D Davis 3.	iHlameama
roadster—Rev bather Kiernan 1.	10 lbs butter in prints.—Mrs M Cun- V K Thompson 3.	White leghorns, rose comb— \\ A Ann-1 vilOtHCwe
Trotting race-S A MacKay 1,	niugham 1, Mrs David Smith 2, Tracey Embroidered tea cozy-Afias Annie strong 1	t T
"•TB	c.	-• "" «	«• dEï.uTb” KCi'ï 3 '
:Sîrv «s;,	- -gSBsEt
John Thcmpsur.	Button holes — Mrs II McCredie 1, Mrs Embroidering on drawr. threads— A/iss	,	J ¦ i
Durham*— Aged bull-J G Elliott 1. Pvter Dumas 2, Mrs L D Davis 3.	Annie Richards 1, A/.sa AfacKay 2, Misa 1 a'r ^ndottes-Jolm m h< dgina i,
%&(%%% ijDm. Oeoto.
- sar-s* c:r :	™ SEtsec I •
W A Armstrong 1, Misa H Camp 3	11
or anything else you may require, at the Special Reduced Prices.
$7 to $10 Suits at $5.o0.
Suits at - -And others at - - $2.95. Extra Harvest Shoes. $1

lee 1
1 year old heifer—J G Elliott 1.
Ueiftr calf— E Brownlee 1.
Milch cow—J (i Elliott 1, E Brownlee
Either Silk, Wool or Cotton manufacture in Summer Styles, will all be offered in July at such liberal reductions that buying will be difficult to resist
2
Pair Guinea Fowls—Alex Bean 1, John Robitaille 2, Calvin Morrison 3.
Pair Buff Cochins—L D Davis 1, John
Ayrshire—Aged bull—Jas Arm -1 be!! 2.	I Toilet cushion—Afiss M K Thompson
strong 1 T McDowell 2, A MvKnight 3. //and sewing—Miss Elliott 1, Miss C 1, Miss AfacKay 2, Afrs 7/ugh flobbs 3.
&ySBiseJipeaw,!?yf^B3.rr'1- * ""
House wife's revenue—Mrs Thom Dods
gins 2.
Herd of cattle, Ayrshire—Jas Armstrong 1.
Holsteins.—Aged bull—G B Armstrong 1.
2 year old heifer, milking,—Jos Brown* Elliott 3
.	Wild moss ornamental—Mrs T B Dra
Man's shirt, flannel,—Miss C Graham per 1, Miss üattie Campbell 2.
1. Mr W A Armstrong 2.	Tidy crochet—Miss Elliott 1, Mrs Hugh
Darning on stocking—Miss C Graham Zfobbs 2, Mrs Joseph Chapman 3.
1, Mrs H Barnett 2. Mrs John Robi taille 3.
Lace wool, knitted—Mies Elliott 1,	-------—r. -----------—
Miss Annie Richards 2, Miss M E Corn-1 A 7/odgins 2, Mrs Peter Dumas 3 gan 3.
Lice cotton, knitted—Miss Davis 1,
4 Mias Annie Richards 2, Miss Elliott 3.
Lace wool, crotchet—Miss Annie Rich. I 1, miss M K Thompson 2
and many other seasonable lines will be subject to Great Discounts during July.
lee 1.
1 year old heifer, —E Brownlee 1. Heifer calf,—E Brownlee 1, J Brown* Ice 2.
Milch cow,—E Brownlee 1.
GRADES
SEEDS
Tidy mat, crochet—Miss Elliott 1, Mrs I Judge—Jas Wilson.	m
Nelson McLellan 2, Miss C Graham 3.	Fall wheat—W ? Hodgine 1, Calvin VJq QTQ TJOSi*
Crochet cape—Mrs E i/odgins 1, Mrs W Morrison 2, Thos McFarlane 3.	'	¦
_______ •	Bearded wheat—H T McDowell 1, W C
Milch cow—.-Ilex Elliott	1, Geo Kih	gBn 3e	Lambrequins—Miss Annie Richards 1.	Young 2,	John Little 3.
gour 2, J G Eiliott 3.	Lice cotton, knitted—Miss Davis 1,	Best display of ladies’ work, ornamen-	White	Russian—Win	G McDowell 1,
2 year old heifef—J G Elliott I, A Mi*s Annie Richards 2, Miss Elliott 3. tal work of one person- Mrs H Barnett J(,hn Greenshielda 2, R McDowell 3.
McKnight 2, Stewart Stark 3.	Lace wool, crotclmt—Miss Annie Rich. 1, miss M K Thompson 2.	p0 itch wheat—Hugh Hobbs 1, Jas Bal-
2 year old heifer, milking,—E Brown arda ^ Miss M E Corrigan 2, Miss C	-mnnwo	lautine 2, Calvin Morrison 3.
lee 1, T McD well 2. Jos Brownlee 3. Graham 3.	DRAWING	White oats—Jas Ballantine 1, John
Year old heifer T Mi Do yell 1, A Me- L-icc cotton, crotchet—Miss C Graham	Judges—Rev T A Nelson and A J Young 2, Alex Bean 3.
Knight 2, John M // >dgins3.	h Miss M K Thompson 2, Miss Annie Jackson.	*	Peas, common white—D Duff 1. Thos
Heifer calf—D S Morrison 1, John Richards 3.	Painting on jars, one oair—Miss Eb McFarlane 2, Jas Carson 3.	I
Smith 2, G B Armstrong 3.	Display of useful ladies’ work,—Mrs liott 1, Miss J S McFarland 2, Mrs R G Barley — Wm G McDowell 1, Alex Bean MAT0 llEtVO
4 dairy cows—E Brownlee 1, £1 B Hod- y # Draper 1.	Elliott 3.
gim 2.	Fancy knitting in wool--Miss Annie	Painting on glass—Misa J S McFarlane
Herd of cattle—J G Elliott 1, T Me- Richards Mrs John McDowell 2.	1, Miss Elliott 2, Miss Annie Richards 3.
Dowell 2.	I Kensington—Miss Annie Richards 1, India ink drawing—Mis RG Elliott 1.
Mrs H Barnett 2, Miss C Graham 3.	Pencil drawing —Mrs R G Elliott 1.
Fancy knitting in cotton— Mr W A Crayon drawing—Mrs RG Elliott 1,
Armstrong 1, Mrs T B Draper 2.	1 Miss Elliott 2.
2 pair woollen socks-~Mies 0 Graham l, Mrs David Smith 2, Mis# M E Corrigan 3.
2 n»ir woo len mittens—Mrs Geo Kil-gour 1, Miss Eiliott 2, Mr W A Armstrong 4.
Patchwork, quilt cotton,—Mrs Hugh McCredie 1, Miss M E Corrigan 2, Mrs Peter Dumas 3.
Patchwork, quilt woollen,—Mrs Peter Dumas 1, Mr W A Armstrong 2, Miss C Graham 3.
Tufted cotton coverlet,— Miss H Camp bell 1, Miss M E Corrigan 2, Mias Annie Richards 3.
Home made coverlet, crotchet,—Miss A Grant 1, Mrs H Hobbs 2, Mrs Wilder Davis 3.
Log cabin quilt, woollen—Miss M E Corrigan 1, Miss H Campbell 2, Mr W A Armstrong 3.
Log Cabin quilt cotton,—Miss M E Corrigan 1.
Hank home made yarn,—Mr W A Armstrong 1, Mr W A Hudgins 2, Mrs
U McCredie 3.
Floor mat—Miss Elliott 1, Miss M E Coirigan 2 Mrs Andrew Fraser 3.
Rag carpet—Miss C Graham 1, Mrs Jas Wilson, (5th line) 2, Mrs Wm Young
tively . .
Headquarters for the best Groceries in the County. We are continually the lookout for the best and newest goods on the market.
on
2, h T McDowell 3.
White beans—Jas Cuthbertson 1, Nelson McLellan 2, Jas C Armstrong 3.
Rye—Louis Wiggand 1, h B Hodgina 2, It McDowell 3.
Buckwheat— It McDowell 1, W a Arm strong 2, H B nod gins 3.
Flax seed—George Kilgour 1, Alex
Oil painting portrait—Mrs R G Eiliott I Bonn 2, R McDowell 3.	'
Oil painting scenery in country—Mrs	Timothy seed—Jas Ballantine 1, Calvin
R G Elliott 1, Alex Elliott 2.	•	| m >rrison 2, R McDowell 3.
Oil painting, any subject—Mrs R G Elliott 1, Miss J S McFarlane 2, Mrs II //obba 3.
Water color painting—Mrs R G Elliott 1.
Water color on silk—Mrs R G Elliott 1,
Mrs R Mitchell 2, M si Elliott 3*
Collection of flowers—Miss J 8 McFarlane 1, Mrs R G Elliott 2, Miss Annie Richards 3.
Pickles, Baked Beans, Canned Corn and Peal at present that are admred by everyone, and praised by all who them, and at prices that will astonish you.
Starch at 5c. per lb.
Salmon at 10c. per tin.
.
SHEEP
use
Judges—D Ballantine, Jas Prandergast. Grades—Two ewe Iambs—E Brownlee
1,	H T McDowell 2, E Graham 3,
Two ewes, 1 shear—W A Armstrong 1, E G i aha m 2, H T McDowell 3.
2 ewes—E Grahom 1, W A Armstrong
2,	E Brownlee 3.
Peu of sheep- E Brownlee 1, Alex Elliott 2.
It
HORTICULTURE
Judge—Calvin Morrison.
Blood beet—M Cunningham 1.
Turnip beet— Wm G McDowelll 1, Jas Wilson (5th line) 2, Calvin Morrison 3
Mangolds long—John McDowell 1, Wm G McDowell 2, Alex Bean 3.
Mangolds shurt-r-Alcx Bean 1.
Multiplying onions—W a Armstrong 1, Win Brown 2, John McDowell 3.
Seed unions—Wm Brown 1, Thos McFarlane 2, John Young 3.
Top onion—Jas Wilson (5th line) 1.
Orange carrots, short horn table—Wm G McDowell 1, Calvin Morrison 2, Wm Brown 3.
White Belgiums, long—Wm G McDowell 1, Alex Bean 2.
Turnips, Swede, purple top—John Me Dowell 1, John m Hudgins 2.
Swede, yellow top—John McDowell 1.
Ox heart cabbage—Wm Brown 1, Andrew Fraser 2, Wm G McDowell 3.
Flat dutch tmbbnge—W G McDowell 1, Thus Prendergast 2, Jas Wilson, (5th line) 3.
Drumhead cabbage — M Cuuninghaiu 1, Wm Brown 2.
Specimen grapes—Alex Elliott 1, Misa Annie Richard* 2, m Cunningham 3.
Display of potatoes—Andrew Fraser 1, John Smith 2, Alex Bean 3.
Display of apples—Alex Elliott 1, W a Armstrong 2, Jas Jamieson 3.
E Graham, Secretary Treasurer,
We stay with
(registered)
Leicester —2 ewes—Alex Elliott 1.
2 ewes one shear—Alex Elliott 1.
Pen of Leicesters—Alex Elliott 1,
Aged ram—Alex Elliott 1.
1	year old ram—Alex Elliott 1.
Ram lamb—Alex Elliott 1.
2	Ewe lambs— Alex Elliott 1.
Shropshire—Aged ram—E Graham 1.
1	year old ram—E Brownlee 1.
Ram lamb—H A Brownlee 1.
2	ewe lambs—Jos Brownlee 1, H A Brownlee 2.
2 ewes —H A Brownlee 1, Jos Brownlee 2.
2 ewe*, 1 shear—Jos Brownlee 1, H A Bruwnlee 2.
Pen of Shropshire—Jos Brownlee 1, 11 A Brownlee 2.
Oxford Down—Aged ram—T Dowell 1.
Our name
Ceylon and Japan Teas
household word in every home
in the county.
is a
For the Best Qualities and the Best Prices call at the old reliable every time.
JUVENILE DEPARTMENT
Boys copy books—Rev T A Nelson (Lorney) 1, T A Wain man ('Gerald) 2, 7/ugh McCredie (Leslie) 3, Il T McDowell (Franklin) 4, Jaa Carson (Arthur) 5.
Girls copy books —II T McDowell (Gertie) 1, J C Armstrong (Nettie) 2, Jas Carson (Lena) 3, Mrs H Richards (Maggie) 4, Ed Young (Louella) 6, Mabel Phil'* lippe 0, John Argue (E J) 7, W W Shir-lep (Etta) 8.
FARMING IMPLEMENTS AND * CARRIAGES.
Come to DOWD'S
The Leading Bouse for Bargains.

I
Me
Lumber waggon—John Beckett 1, Alex Bean 2, John Robitaille 3.
Express wagon—7/ugh McCredie 1, D
Duff 2.
Double buggy—George Walsh 1.
Single buggy—Win G McDowell 1, Wm Young 2.
Single phaeton- Thos Prendergast 1. Double sleigh - John Beckett 1.
Double driving sleigh—Thos Prendcr-gast 1.
Single cutter—John Smith 1,
SWINE
Aged sow—Jas Carson 1, J G McGuire 2, John M. Hodgins3.
Sow of season—Hugh Hobbs 1, Wm Graham 2, Alex Bean 3.
registered
Berkshire—Aged boar—E Brownlee
H. S. DOWD
3
Special prize by E Graham to the lady who sent in the largest list of subscribers — Edna Graham 1, Mrs Silas Young 2.
FANCY WORK
Judges,—Misses Morehead and Sui-
I
Quyoa Que.
1
Aged sow—E Brownlee 1, H A Brown
lee 2.
B"ar of season—Alex Beau 1, E Brown
Jee 2.
tees.
Ornamental needlework, wool on fan* — Mis* Annie Richards 1, Mrs F Blair 2, Mi s* G Davis 3.
vas

i
i
y




	

* -Yd --t Â-

' Jr






	
