###PAGE###1###
ERREUR(S) DE NUMEROTATION
?
t
-I
1
<

X»'
V*


I

DIT Y









No. 1»
17th Year.
SHAW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY,
QUE,
niUKSDAY,
AUG
• * 1,
lsîMi
s 1.00
V Y EA it
Advance.
in


I mum m i.
Hymeneal
the tlm:e ùi ^hters of Mr Thf„. W,ill,
JKII I KS living 10 and 0 yean. Tli \ ul-igv, and fell int<> t lie water

I
I
v uf Mr. J,H. H
nas tin
nimhl

th * >iisl«
'«lid iiiti'i vsting wudilin Aug. LMrd, thu -Mr. W. C. |Awv
FRESH

Capital (fully paid up) . 81,000,000.00 Uvst...................81.170,000.00
OP CANADA.
i elective I y yuung.-st suddenly »nd the eldest sister <? her a!io fe
ut mot in
f t
Hoard of Directors :
Charles Magee, Esq., President George Hay, esq.,Vice-President
Ho». G bo. Bi i % Jr Albs. Fuabkr, E*<j ,
CAPITAL - - - $0,000,000. Miss Annie E. .M< < nlfagli
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
l'ho bride
m reaching out to urn
«................-.mi
Farmer* notes bought and collected.	«fticiated. Tho following is a partial
Money transferred to all parts of tlio world, j list of tho numerous and valu tblv
SAVINGS i: INK
Accounth opened for amounts of one <]ul> |Mr. and Mi larH and upwards and Interest allowed
i
I a I
'

John M mint, Esq. David Mai I.akkn, Hhq.
Head Office, • Montreal.

lir.NMs Murphy, E»q
0—
ARRIVALS I
GEORGEBURN D. M. FINN IE
General Manager, .. . Manager,

SHAWVILl.i: ItKAXCII,
A GENERAL HANK1 NO BUSINESS TRANSACTED,

all three
Drafts Issued on all IL.uklng points In the Domln Ion, United Stales and Great Britain.
Notes and Bills collected.
The bodi s were not all recovered till
hfo was e xtinct.
The eincfieit rympathy ia felt fur tl »«!>• stricken family in their sorrow.
The funeral to- k place on Sunday «Then the bodies were followed V. their •is resting place by a large concourse of
frhnJ1^ rt'^allVvi HIK* sympathising
pn
scuts
Interest allowed
u Deposit Receipt at current
Ü
Xlrxanlvi
pair silver
rates
kin ring
< niig. silver huttvr -*• M. Ariuvi r<mg
Hums of |1 and upwards receive*! i i Havings Do partaient. Interest ciedited half yearly.
Office Hours—10 a. in. to 3 p. m. Saturday 10a.m, to p. in.
Mi
le.
Office Hours Saturdays .
10* A.31. T 10 A 31. TO 1 P.M. P. A. PAitKKR
I*. M
Mix \
out* duz. silvei
Spool 1M,
W -V. McDowell, clock.
Manager. | Mrs. \V\ J II,mm,   .liver pie Knife.
Mr. XV..I. Hammond, embroidered tabh cover.
Mrs. ;
pitcher.
hnura Armstrong, breakfast Miss Clara Irwin, 1 money.
Mr. and Mrs. \\\ A. Hudgins
Mr. George E. Wainmnn informs The Mis>Wum Doughty hairpin Equity that he has put in three furnaces Mr. Wellington Armstrong, already this fall, and has orders for a dish, couple more, together with another roof- ; ;r' 4t‘,vvJs Myredit h, ery>tal fruit dish, ing contrat.	I* tmv«d-m M,1Ivr’ OUavva’ pair linen
Mr. and Mr
We have already received several consignments of New Goods for Fall Trade, consisting of............

LOCAL NEWS.
Four thousand harvest hands went by the 0. I*. It excursion to Manitoba on Thursday last. The train on leaving Ut tawa was composed of twenty two coach*
Nmist ruin, pair vases and cream
* he directors <.f the Pontiac Pacific •function railway, and the Ottawa and
Garmem, railway have agreed to the terms ,	vit y council relating to the
bonusiiig of t|,e company for the establishment of a union depot ami workshops
:himr,mtter l:y M^
lad ways, and Mayor Barotte, and City leik I.otill, of the corporation. At the nwfc meeting ot the council arrangements "ill »v made to have a by-law submitted to the ratepayers along the line of the contract. I his calls for a bonus of thirty thousand dollars for which workshops, efc., employing 40 men will be establish-


cruet.
It Hope, sum of
Have you tried Dowd’s “ High Loaf ’ Flour ?
Three car loads of new machinery for the new roller mill arrived here last Wednesday.
Most of our Ottawa Valley weekly temporaries have taken their annual hoi day this month.
Mr. George E through the tinning of the roof in short order last week.


vs
crystal and
Cottons Shirting’s Tickings Linens
Flannelettes W rapperettes
Dress Goods Hosiery.
S

coil
1

The dedication of the new Presbyterian Church at Stai ke’n Corners, will be held on Sunday, Sept. 10 h. The Rev. D. M.
Ramsay, 1». L)., of Knox's church, Ofc- I Mix M. Douglas, fancy table covei
. At Home Sept. let.*.	*”	XS!ZTJXXriïZ 1,.M
••ring to see IV. Lyun will find him at liia ,*lrs- Richards, of Elmside, received ! Mr. and Mix Thus. McDowell, linen uhV oHicv hero on and after Friday, Sept. 1st, a telegram on Thursday conveying the.
ssésP"
ihfbt. M< Kenny, set of

9
Nulls
banni P“nrl McDowell, pair Turkish
vis
Wain man rushed grist mill

tow

9
«
cl
1
covei
9
China
The Teller

A chirm in g * Dtvid Durum week-
ly by tho au'hor of has reached us this
r romance
pan
9
hu was engaged
AJj>s E- N. Wilson, linen trav
a- •_!	..	, .	. Miss k. 1a Wilson, hue pillox
social —Preparations are being made Mr. and Mrs. Rubi. llau to hold mi opening social at thu new and breakfast cruet.
Presbyterian Church, Staike's Corners, ^vi'tle .Meredith, pepper and .....v^,
Adults, 25 cents; children, 15 cjnts. Air. R. ,J. HuJghi
\n unusual subject f a Bank Teller, falls in love with :U r ¦ f one of the director*, and ut-.i.a with the dilliculties and ions which cnsu
vet
Found Hn the road between Wilsons Mill and Rudford, ti Ladie s Hunting case watch. The owner may have the same by applying at this office.
Mr. Sam Armstrong last week began bricking the exterior < f the new building commenced some weeks ago by Mr. C. H. Wain man.
ham moud. cnk<
the hero,
the daugl tlio plot c -mplie -V Rig an ad mi rab P'lblidnd by the 1* Limited. ’\
list.

9

ui an interest « The story is !e Printing Company, r<»nto, and is fur sale by all lor?, at the low price of 15 cents,
postpaid by the publishers price.
manner
9
China and gold berry
nc.vsuea! or will bo sent
%. t
Notice.—S. A. Mack ay, Notary, of ! Mr. and Mrs. Itelond, linen table cover Montreal, will bo at ühawviüo from Ml;s b-ato Meredith, i air braided pillow
Monday night, thei 4th, till Saturday Mr ‘ra’ pavis. pair fancy j »rd!ni-r *< morning, the Ihh of September, to exe- Mr and Mr>. 11. Meredith, pm- djwii pil-
setthmenUd	"
Parties requiring his scrv'ces should keep	\	, ,
the above dates in mind.	1

A fine day's enjoyment in a delightful locality ia in store for these who lay out to attend the picnic at Gray’s Lake, | Thorne, on Thursday next. Sept. 7th.
Wanted Immediately.—A Blacksmith with good experience for a general jobbing shop. Apply to RlVH.UUi II. Thompson, Bristol Corners.
The official program of tho Central Canada Fair, which opens on Sept. 11th, has reached tn in the form of a beautifully printed little booklet.
Picnic Picnic at Gray s and Thorne, Sept.
Concert, cert same evening at Brotz laffs Hall, F. T. Centro.
on ndint
HONOR ROLL FOR JULY
wvr vase
erry ul>h Bnvi t‘j
Thorne No. 5
j-tiir linen towels and
Proof Vinegar and Spices for PicK-ürçg Season.
? w
Grade IIL—Henry Wall, 1; Willie Htizird, 2; _Ai:Aie ihzirJ, 3; Ada Uiley, Beruo	Grade 11.— Annie (J.
If. zml, 1; I: .hurt Hazard, 2; Tommie ilizird, 8; K::zi Emerson, 4; Cassie Smith. Grade 1 —Hubert I
U
Note the Change-Our readers requested to take note that a slight change has been made in the P. P. J. excursion rates to Experimental Farm on Sept. fkli. The rates published last week were intended to include the Hull Electric railway fare, hut it seems the l\ P. To the Editor Eqi
people were unsuccessful in making an :	Dear Sir, Will von in the in
D_„ . D
Dr. Stackhouse, sr., Surgeon Dentist,	v .	notice is very important t » parents
will be at Shawvillo on Tues lay, Sept. A Citis *n from our town relates that teachers and should be carefully iva •>th; Campbells* Bay, on Wednesday, w^° at Bristol Rimes a few days ago he all who are in any wi-y interest-d in om Sept. (hh. Parties will oblige by calling m.ct a lil 7 of unquestionable veracity, schools. You will notice that th« clianm tiat,y-	*ta,le'i t0 ‘I'.” that she had a tuikoy can now I*, mu,!,- without evnen-
—
turns out a superior class of work in Mon other egg." And sure enough it was and 8611,1 thorn to the K lucationnl Book " » unients, Hcadsrones, etc. Prices reason- there to complete the even hundred, <~r,,nPai,y ,ind get new ones in exchange.
a J,e	while the lady yet expects the count will If wou’d be wise fur the commissioners
bo increased by a dizan or two.	of ea'-h municipality to have the ol
sent for exchange through theii Tin’s would
-3*# -4
?
&
are
:
CORRESPONDENCE.

V

Change of Text Books

n -n
uid.i Emerson, 2; Frank Yank, 8
j Conduct-Frank Yank, 1; W. J. Ifaz
ar-1, 2
1
1
L ike, 7 h. Con -
IT Y
J. H. SHAW.
Ida D. Smiley, T
er
is i The
V
L
PERSONAL
nd
1 bv
I
Arc veu using Djwd’s Flour ?
Mr. George Moore, agent for Fraser & ; Cj., “pent las*. Thursday night in town.
Misses Moi hi and Brownlee, of Bry-werd visiting friends here last week.
to par
ed, but Mr. McLeod, the engineer, shows	v,„ .•	,
that Dame Nature has long been holding Li , •Vn".‘luvin yacht Geiics.se, defeated in reserve a chain of five small lakes"	, T y‘uIit J^ycr, in three
through which the connection can be	B ‘>'1,lHt .-
Mr. H. 8. Barnett and family, left last Tdo . without engineering difficulty. I.,,,!,, h.fu u!!;, IU,!	clll' wllich had
we. k to spend a ftiv days nilh relatives Ouce into Trout Like the route is easy ,1.	,	11 anaelian yachtsmen for
in Bristol.	eastwards through Turtle Lake and Talon P threti »«"•
ii /a; i I .	tilt- IXloilLUii llXVVe 111 esc
M numerous waterways of tensive and valuable Wnada this route stands out unique in
mwEisisiSi:^

" <)|)jiur
i
md
T NDERTAKING.—The undertaking
equipment of Cuthbertson & Graham is New Photographs.—During the second to none in the dietiict, and all ; harvest moat people are too busy to think orders receive prompt attention at mod- ! of getting photos taken, but we are erate charges.	I making speehtl arrangements to give the
wggm ZSSSS&t Rt
run OALt ! indvr Teeth for the Water- afltir the busy time is over Joo Thresher, at prices lower than ever. 1 get as many as possible and are willing to Now is the time to get '"'plied.	| cut the prices almost in a half if
1). M< Rae, Shaw ville. I got a crowd
text
boo secretaries

avc extra ex
press charges.
1 he text books must be the oii"s auth Prizedper list In - b< ' nd : :	e< ret
arics of the different munieipuiitic , and ^l,ls/•,KJ -XI Si Mary Wilson, left on Wed
neschy laet to spend a week or to at Du minimi Springs, near Pukcnham.
Mrs. George Hynes. .Mrs. Geo. li >d
price ,
We want to t5lu<;(‘ ol'h
no very ux
Very truly yours,
A. Ij. OILMAN,
Inspector Schools
we can
It will pay you to watch
Mr. Andy Martin, agent for Booth & l'us paper i »r date and prices.
Gordon, left hero on Monday with a gang	Handfoiid, Pontiac House.
of thirty men, belonging to Clarendon,	_^_	(l f ^	, (
Warren, on^he c!'P.’R fwhe'rTthe^conv	A Coming Event.	.Sch°o1 C(,1,ltoi-	Hector Bodging, of Clarendon,
SES Éüiâsi iisiipfeaini
business in which he has been engaged presented. See posters for full parties This aele should ho made‘at once Mrs. W, Marshall, of Minneapolis,	.	¦¦¦
. BSB35	KS sHISF« ~=5^“HSffi
the School Board; but they rany ii ivlse the	__»__	-- lug service, 10.30 ; evening service 7 00
Commissioners or Trustees.	The O.lawa Citizen saye American Epworth League Mondav ski „	'
r,.	?„n’C0.,i!":e;Vlv 1 V.v thv Protestant SURVEYS WILL SOON BE capital to the extent of $100,000 ia being Ladles’ Prayer MetiC-^uesdav 7%
%%%Tln &	OVER.	,»re.tudiuamill,ueour..oferection.?: "^d"rPr,,yerMeetnfg_Prl,^.Y^
of their schools, before making their	- Orenulle for the preparation of crude PHEKHYTKHiAX-(M&sonlc Hall, Rev. Mn
tion; and it would be well also, to take the Work Gil the Georgian Bay Canal lumbago tor the market, i he mill ia Hack) Sunday. 1U.3U teachers into confidence.	pn t	being built by the Keystone Graphite
for the sake of convenience the local	*  *	Go., of WiikesUarre, Pa., which since the
§iEiEi£5ËH;i;i
« S* Kirill 5?,
>'»  .. - -«t	t YTS'i.. ¦
are in operation. This company holds options on plumbago properties nearly a square mile in extent. The company have shipped none of the crude ore as yet, but have 1,000 tons on the dump, and about 100,000 tons in eight. The ore is at present very valuable and has a splendid market in all parts of the world.
DEPARTMENT OF PFBLIC INSTRl
TION.
The prospectus
.	paper will be eight
That or itself page with six columns to the page. It is sutluient reason fur the completion of \ *’dl be devoted to general and locaî news this great undertaking; the subsidiary en- j and in politics will be strictly indeneii-terprises along the route will occur to auy dent.	k
intelligent man.”
i
Church Services
A MILL FOR GRENVILLE
The Grand Calumet Mining com; any I On Tuesday, Sept. 5th, the annual has a gang of men engaged working a new Farmers’ Excursion to Experimental vein 80 feet Lug ancl of varying width on Farm, Ottawa, will bo held at the foi-the Calumet Island. A large quantity of lowing very cheap rates ere is now ready for shipment and will be taken out to the P. P. J. railway in a few days.
B reckon ridge, 35c.
Eardley, 35c.
Parkers, 40c.
Mohrs, 45c.
Quyon, 45c.
Wymans, 50c.
Bristol, 50(\
McKees, 50 j.
Shawville. G5j.
Clarks, 05c.
Campbells, 7oc.
Secretary E. Graham was in town on I Vinton, 75c.
Monday delivering and mailing copies of Cou longe, 85c. the Prize List to members of Ag. Society ! Waltham, 05c.
No. 1. Any member who may have been	Children half fare.	,	.
Owners Of Waterloo Threshers ! mental Farm Dr Qaboure Qlp*n' I	A Terrible Fatality.	have sufficient data to pat the work under
i*^*^*!^*, ............................................................................
a. m
iii
For Sale.—One new Single Buggy— (manufactured by J. It. Armstrong Co.) — a first-class stylish well-finished rig for a moderate price. Also a second-hand single buggy—good substantial rig, dirt cheap.
John Lester, Shawville
an
Oats........
Peas........
Buckwheat..
Rye..........
Eggs, (fresh,)
Wool........
Butter......
Pork per 100, dressed
Beef................
Hay per ton.........
Calfskins...........
24 tr 20 00 to 00 —to — — to —
# * # #
.... — to 13 .... 14 to 10 ...	13 to 14
to
.. 5.00 to 5.50 .. 5.50 to 7.00 .... 45to 50 5.00 to 5.50 .	35 to 50
• • •
John Carson
• •see
\





r
###PAGE###2###

northern latfrottai, and he te often nm h a et ronger to the wile* of man that an Indian will walk up to the tree upon which he I# sitting and slip a doom fixed to the end of a pole over hi* head. After the first eoow in the fall, rabbit shooting Im good sport, and in seasons when they are plentiful fifty or aixty to the credit of a «ingle huntsman in an afternoon Is not | uncommon score. Then there ia the large gome, such aa moose and deer, while now and then a stupid bear poke» his nose in dangerous proximity to the fort, the staff turns out, and be is shot for hie fatal inqulmitivenea*.
The quantity and value of the furs which an Indian may secure aa the result of his spring hunt, vary, of courue,
wry much, but in a good y«\ar from rjlio to #300 may be taken am a fair
average of the valut). He tinny have eight or jton bears, a dozen heavei four or five otters, a number lynxes, martens and minks and several hundred muskrats A comparative statement of the number of skins warn red by the Hudson Hay Company for several years past, shows that,though the supply of heavers has fallen off nearly one-half in recent years, almost all other kinds of fur have about held their own. During the last ten year» the company has paid out upon nn ye fnun #1,800,000 to #2,000,000 a for the purchase of skins alone,
HÜDSON BAT FUR HUNTERS
WOMEN AS DOCTORS
yet it U Just for suvh work a» 1 have described that the oounoll stands, in the evasion on co-education the oppoRl tion was scarcely repreaonted, while again an American, in the PBrson ()>
Ik iiu Louise Brownell of Cornell l ni-
£r:czzzzrzziE-HS,SZs«
herself, and, when she had finished,	The vij.(ua| monopoly of the Cana
The High quality of the work done the reportera at the tables remarked '	trade maintained by the Hud
"X Kn*,Uh wom,;n d‘>'torS % im^e8Sh I lh#e*Amerlren over 'the mhTnaHons % Ha, tWpuu,	^
,ng mo more and more, writes Sarah re,)reRl,nt*d. i think, however, that <)Ua Rf* ftnd e*I*rlencee of many of lie
H Stevenson, from London. I have at- Misa Mary Bohr, a native Indian from ,i;,,v<MNS m the far North of the Am-
tended an operation by Mrs. Scharlieb, Bombay, was the peer of any woman '	«..ntinent are as full of roman-
.mill institution, but well equipped voi,,r aml language were models. Al iantyno an*l «ho present Lord Mrath-
The new together, she convinced everybody of ‘	, Mount Royal entered the ser-
surasr-1.......... “• Hr ïj—j-ïïï %
trapiM^ra and of the
riV Company’s hardy voyngo-
? ait territory is
There was an Instant's breathless siU-noe. Au affrighted amaze seemed to atop the beating of every heart. Then broke forth exclamation and out-
the death-rose a
I
life of the trappers in the far
north in CANADA.
SCHOOL OF MEDICINE FOR WOMEN OPENED IN LONDON, ENG.
cry, and above all, lik, aoroam of some dying animal worn in’s shriek.
The picture w is, first, a room, rich in decorations of green an t gold. In the foreground, half-reel i nod in a cushioned chair, an old man, with long, softly curling white hair, had fallen a tittle to one side, bis eyes we !» fixed in a g assy, yet reproachful, stare upon the exquisitely beautiful face of a woman, whose jeweled binds he grasped with a dying dutch. Both his hinds and hers were blood-
Hers hoi I a stiletto 1 ke dag-
lit, a Iso,
Misa Considine was the rage that waaon—a tall, haugbty-looking girl, with magnificent, great, dark eyes, ind a torrent of dead-black hair, which she was always contriving to wear as nobody else did, tumbling over her shoulders cloudily or wreathed auout her small, elegant ly shaped head.
Sho wax a stranger »n the town, but brought letters of introduction from people of the highest respectability in the metropolis, and was accompanied by a staid-looking lady of middle age, who always wore pcai l-color-i<l silk and performed chaperon nightly in au altogether irreproachable manner.
Miss Consldlne'a toilettes were artistic perfection, Her laces were priceless, said judges ; her je well ry dazzled
the eyes of even accustomed upperten-iom.
Miss Considine was a mystery, and the greater sensation, perhaps, for that very chill whisper which seemed to thrill the air about her, and which had its foundation in the mere fading of th" beauty’s brilliant color, the flicker of her liquid glance, at unexpected moments, and for no apparent reason.
She was a coquette of the first water. That was a discovery early made. She had a way of looking sidewise through those long, silky lashes of hers that was infinitely more alluring than a level glance would have been, and the i
lips, only now and then, was doubly attractive from its infrequency.
A crealure of dangerous graces, she was what people mean when they call a woman fatal. Men imagined heaven In her glance, and counted that lost when her smile was withdrawn.
My Lady Dangerous met her match, however, toward the close of the season. A yellow-haireil German, whose aaure glance had a softer dazzle than her own, and who called himself by
i t-rviii tinny Lady II. II.'» In London—
no
His head
and the advontur-
st'.lined
ger, from whoso glittering p bloo l ii pped
wound in the old m in's suU woman's face was that of Miss ton
silt
There " is a gaping
in<l the
and thoroughly utilized buildings of the S'bool of Medicine for Women are just being finished, and I surprised and gratified at the com-Besides the lecture rooms,
a
si dino 1
Wh n 1 h“ appalled woman. lot w ho e w>!e benefit this picture hid been painted, would have flung up her f en- p.etenees.
zied hands to shut out the eight. Count library and other ordinary require
Ludwig caught them in an iron grasp, m
and almost shouted in her ear in his ,	.
I still the gicat ind Indian
itn
R EI >UC£D CI RC H MS r A NO ES.
It is a pathetic thing to see pelints, they contain large laboratories I pie struggling with reduced cireum-of physi s, chemistry, physiology, ana- stances—that is, a reduction of income,
'“KmuhrPî you shall look, to my and biology. Laboratories of and an inability to live *s they have
and look and look, vlf the sight blinde physics and biology are not unusual been in the habit of living.	n.iy ar0 g
you or kills you, I catv not which. l)o xn medical colleges, but the school But much ueart-bre.uk would he *	8hip from the great outside
you sue him. t Use jren-the p oi old	(	( within its own walls candidates	spared if when such adverse fate comes j	s g 1 h 1	a. . Though such	of
“S-.ÔÏ”»*"	“«SS»>S	'« » Vm,.r»„ - L-...... *,r,..L„„, ...» only ... ...tl.d... ' *»“g
_who never harmed the most helpless	—the most severe of all degrés en	and accept the new and smaller m
creature f What had he done that	sitlVe	come, and live on what it will easily
you should k U him. you inunleiessf j tau but wonder at the advance gite them, rather than to try to "keep
M'^ThLnT.l‘iaclied whiu-n,vs.m’of'her	made in the last 25 years. When I	up appearance*.” Every day we see
mil the startling eyes were some-	was here in 1871 a woman doctor was	people trying to live in a large house
thing awful to see, and the screams	nobody. Recently	the Princess of	with	one cheap maid-of-sll-work, where
that hn-kv ih'ough hrr rigid, a alien	Walea opened the	Medical School in	they	had kept, and kept busy, three
h ‘ Vhül 1 t! l'l vou whom 1 ami ' Count person, and the Prince of Wales made competent servants, or even more-try- r f	,l0Ul London to Hudson
Ludwig continued, without wleaeing	an address so full	of meaning that 1	.ng	to keep up with the society that a ....	()	m mi>n forwards	no mail | India—one to «very 3,000 of the popu
her, still <•. mpelling her to look.	cannot forbear quoting from it. Ad-	they	can no longer afford to move in, j X-	her	most	northern	subject»,	lation.
When 1 c. me home and fou«-l that	OPENING THE BUILDING.	and comfort ; giving an occasional dm- I" n	• mo inv for hm occasion- th*’ number of exhibitors was «52.
IHkir old nuu who loved m“ had been .«q^e Princess has just declared the uer or lunch, and going without neces- . u " 11	DaD. The Hew tan diet has enacted a law
le which visited those rosy luthlcssiy slain, 1 swore never tor y si	building open, and she desires me sari es to pay for them ; making over a' supply <- l°ia 1	that bachelors shall pay 26 per cent.
mmm EEEHHH &ES2&H	—fer s =in=
atzru-rssL.*8rs: 2L*V5, S rLl, * «...».......... «... .r:	««?:»« «•*««»«=•	-a- 6=%%^ - —
lion of women and In the great strides selves and drop the world instead o. | of fur-bearing annuals, lo their in-	machinist employs a dog on hi*
srs » £a	""" —	...I. i. wm. b., ™,... ,i.
•• We had to leave our home be- | Labrador coast are accountable eucn w£]| 8tand it ; the castings are made
tragedies as that of last winter, in 0f p,g9 (>f iron, which in turn were fed
of the coast having been from a sow.
m * Hudson
Much of this
ird land, wrapped in mist and
year the tew
urs
a w«
glam «4 »D ! juat OHOS a
white reel nte of Modke Fort on
uddened by the
avera-year
ap*»rt fr<*m the exist of supplies and the salariée and wages of officers and men.
Bay Company's furs as are
th' Jlu Ison Uk«n in ilw country bordering upon
l.avvrenco or in other adjacent to the settled por-
the Gulf «*f Si
BRIEFLY MENTIONED.
localities
lions of Canada are shipped to Kng-
Montrea! or New York, the
ft
The Prussian army includes nearly
land via
bulk of the hkms taken in the far f.fvoOO officers, among them Ü9Ü gen
1 that make# an erals.
North go by the
VVSS4
There arc only 100,000 Britishers in
ill
tax on their income* than mar
you
children and make a will which gave you all. Then you contrived that he should send the servants for a holiday, except that valet, who was hanged f»>r the murder. Poor old George I He would have died sooner than harm h s m later. You pretended to quit the house yourself. 13ut you came back in dusguiso and did the deed."
11 - paused. Miss Coosidlne had not Verm.tndorf, prerented himself about uttemd a round for some moments.
that time to compete with the beauti- The horrib'e ghastliness bad not le'
htM face, but she had, iu a measure recovered her self-possession she spoke in an utterly changed but
that have been taken during the last five and twenty years, especially as
This is a matter cause we could not afford to live in it,” is of the greatest rather tÿau to make excuses and ex- COIMWluenoe
great interest. It might be said that healthy ’—or too warm, or too cold, 8tarvedt to death while endeavoring to explorer, has fourni great her s o
zsssix&s&i s-iwmS	set::::.:
bly, at the strides which ladies are leave and aay( “ Why don't they tell ism. The reports of the missionaries y^te(1 m coiian mills than in any otfa-taking in learning and practising the truth f—everybody knows it;” and t0	Indians show that cases of w manufacturing industry, but the
medicine, but 1 don't think anybody the sixth person, who may be truly (.amiiljai;sin have frequently occurred making of boots and shot's yields the
rrrr::- e-ssE^EE rvr	....
By the presence of so distinguished a sympathy—because uncertain if it be m .l^ ,4L of warding off starvation, capital invested in the principal iai
little by little the invitations fall off, through accident, supplies have not ^ ut lhtj h(Mld oi lbtt mining inter-and at last the family in reduced cir- reached the far-out posts for which
Then heart- (hey were intended until the coinofficials there have died of star-
regards medicine which, of course, iini>ortanve, and it is one in which she —an 1 1 may add, myself also—take
tho fascinating title of Count Ludwig
1 V
fill girl for her place as sensation of the day.
He was shy of Miss Considine at first composed tone but gradually he too seemed to be drawn within the circle of her wiles,
Now
now
"You c.iniiot prove a syllable of tins mid story—" she began, but he stop-pod her, with eyes tout seemed abso-y tel ding with such a reluctant, pen- ,utely to blaze with rage and menace,
grace, as clad his radiant face Drawing swiftly forth a purple vel-with a new charm. Even Miss Con si- vet 0:,w< hrt	the üd, and showed
dine dropped her dangerous eyes wvh lip<>n (be white satin cushion, an ex-a flickering blush under the tender qUisitely wrought sandalwood brace-brilliance of the count's smile, and her lt,t [t w;lN g,amed with something fingers trembled in his clasp instead which had dried upon it, and changed of lavsenting the fond, faint pi essuie color, all except about a third, to of his limd Count Ludwig Xeiman-
Never
SI V4
medical man as Sir William Broad
bent, I am persuaded that they a i ^
sympathy with the movement.
"1 had an opportunity a few days I c urns lances is dropped ago of visiting this school, and was aches redouble, tempers sutler, health uken upstairs by Mrs. Garrett Au- gives way, looks suffer, and all to keep | 1 3 derson. When I saw the chemical and Up " appearance»."	I viation
other laboratories, lean only say 1 Now the part of society worth cat- that was much struck with the assiduity ering to does not care a rush for ap-1 f,,r of the students who were at work. 1 pearances that are only a mask, and leel sure, considering not only the I does value the calm and quiet dignified number of those who practice here, acceptance of a smaller income, or no but our distant colonies, especially in Income at all.
India and China, that many will find	li is in such cases that "blood tells."
a great field üa the Indian zanunas. 1	The real gentlewoman goes to work
can only repeat again the pleasure it and makes no fuss about it, and some-has given the prin ess and myself times finds in the changed conditions to come here. 1 am sure both she and a new and broader life, and a keener 1 wish all prosperity to the work, and interest in and wider knowledge of the l sin erely hope, now that you have world and its shams and its realities, got this new building, that you will it is the real people themselves for acquire sufficient money to make an whom the desirable portion of society "Let me say, in conclusion, that a cares ; and w hat does it matter if a few days ago 1 had an opportun- tiny parlor in a tiny flat takes the Lty of visiting the new hospital for place of a big drawing-room, if the addition to	| same charming woman is in it, the
n TTK,	Bl OTK	| same sweet thoughtful hostess, even if
™ v u. W u	her gown be not in the latest fashion,
women, of which the 1 rinces» laid th and ber refreshments of the simplest foundation stone some time ago. it ^ ?
is most gratifying to see how admit-	best way to deal with a bully is
ably it Ls conducted. I believe tha ^0 kIl0ck him down, and so it is with all those who practice tin1.re ate ladies teduced circumstances; the people who who have be cm ^ graduates by woik knock them down will be able to stand ing in this & bool.	. on their own feet.
Now, the intrinsic value of these	Healthy necessary work may develop
words is not in the words themselves, I gp|en(|id character in a woman who but in the fact that they are uttered | woujd bave had but little of it if she by almost the monarch of this con- bad not been obliged to put her shoul-rervative country, whose mot mr, the I (|er lo the wbeel in good earnest, and Queen, not many years since would . 8Q do:ng had enlarged her whole not permit women doctors to re_ nature. It is the way we look at cognized at an international congress l things and take them that makes trou-of medicine in session at Brighton. I ^|eH any kind bearable or absolute-Germany, Italy and Russia have since . unbearable.
rebuked the English by giving women I ^f we have burdens we must take full privileges at congresses held in I them up and carry them, whatever Berlin., Home and Moscow, so the they are, with all our hearts and all Brine of Wales does well to open a our strength, or they will always be medral college for women by way ut underfoot and tripping us up, and atonement for the past.	. making us fall and stumble; but, pick-
SuffLient money has open raised ed ^p and shouldered, even if we through the influence of this royal re- 8taggev f0r a while, they often turn < ognit ion to purchase another block, QU^ j)e eiiS;jev to carry, and not half and now the medical girls are to have I Q heavy as they had appeared to be a beautiful quadrangle with n tenni* whLle we stood and looked at them, law n. The buildings and ground»	This is a recipt that needs personal
COST £‘20,000.	I trial before one can understand its
Many ladj doctors in England me j value, married to doctors, and husbands and wives go on practicing independently and harmoniously, living in beautiful homes .of their ow n. l ees here are about twice as large as ours and they are paid at the time of the visit. thus is avoided our woiry of
collecting what one earns. Many uf I quirements of (he German Army as the women do.’tora have large fumbles | wen ns special military practice in and children following the example of
on s daughter is house doctor at the agility and strength a board wall If new hospital ; Mrs. Scharlieb has a I 1-2 feet high is built, with a platform son in practice and n daughter who ! ofl tx>p of it Alone it would be im
1 W,llSUaUfy at lShekerned'very'iwwd posaible for a man to wale this
the two of the soldiers stoop down an<
esta
ENGLAND’S GREAT EASTERN ROADV
Out of a York boat s crew
a dark, sickly shade whose hue it was not difficult to recognize.
Said Count Ludwig, in an awed tone :
dorf wan an assidious wooer devotee knelt ut the shrine of his patron saint with more rapt anti untiring devotion than he at the feet of Miss Considine.
It was not new to the coquettish beauty to le sought humbly. But this nuin was her master even at her own
forVh”bi“|PamifCgllthet,UHoi;ky I The llmiinl. *,...l..r.»ry .r II» Op.nl.l
Mountains on a branch of the Macken- I Just 4 rleUr.ne«l-ll» Beglewini*.
River, two or three men were I	Great Eastern Railway of Eng-
men at the outpost were left tor some and the cathedral towns of Ely, Nor weeks without the supplies, and when, J w,jch and Peterborough, which are in-after winter had set in, and it became possible to reach them with dog trains,
provisions were at length sent them,	_	.
two were found tube dead at the post, 0f the opening of a small part of tne
while the third man was living by pn,e to public traffic. The first line himself in a small hut some distance from the fort buildings. The explanation he gave was that he had removed | us to where there was a chance of keep Lag himself alive by
SNARING RABBITS,
was
f
;i
"I found this among the cushions of the chair in which my father was slain
slipp'd from your arm in the struggle with him. You wear its mate this moment upon your arm."
H*‘ held his ensanguined token an instant beside the one on this woman's exquisitely molded arm. Then h" laid her siowly down upon the carpet and drew back. She never stirred.
"1 think she is dead," he sai l, quiet-
zie
I
It is his blood upon it
gun1
He knew how to clothe his most impassioned moment with a reserve that continually mocked and tantalized, to say one thing and look another, to sting with a word and soothe with a touch. He never said too much, but always too little. His looks were elo- . qu« nt of Jove ; his tongue so silent on 7 that fascinating theme, that the heart of the haughty beauty grew to fairly writhe within her with mingled pain and anger.
Count Ludwig was an artist of some talent, and he insisted that he must paint Miss Considine's portrait wan not at all loth, though she feigned reluctance when it was first spoken of.
These sittings, from which she hoped much, and for which she draped her perfect shape with every artistic combination her iare taste could devise, proved utter failures as far as her ob- | arc by no menus closed to a white population *, indeed, he holds that, on a
eluded within its network, celebrated a month ago the sixtieth anniversary
f
opened was from a temporary term L, where Globe Road Station now is to Romford, in Essex, about ten aud a half miles. The Railroad Gazette says
that railways in East Anglia were dis-which were more plentiful there than I CU3sec| aS early as 1802, but the East-
sEESei fegasgjgi
¦¦
SiElpEü
Th« Great	to-day h»,
It was true. Som*' vessel had burs' inwardly in that wild struggle against the shock of knowing th it the man she hid learned to love was the son of her unlvippy victim. She had been dying while he spoke to her.
She
IN THE TROPICS.
Halil lo be a Healthy and 1’iijoiahle tboile
1er tlan.
Dr. Alfred Russell Wallace writes to the London Chronicle that tb ' tropics
ject was concerned.
Whether it was the same with Count Ludwig rem lins to be seen. He would permit no one, not even the beautiful subject, to look upon his picture while | régit ns it remained incomplete.
ch inged strangely. All that rich dence in the tropics when he was a tropical bloom, peculiarly hers, had young man and threatened with ung vanish- d. Instead, was a dusky pallor disease. The pure, warm air restored varied by fitful crimson flushes, like him to a permanently sound condition, the leap of a smouldering flame. Count He says European Soldiers in India Ludwig had changed also. The soft have better health 'than the sedentary radiance of his handsome face had native classes. British soldiers in the turned to the chill dazzle of snow Sudan stand up to the work; tbous-peeks; his smile was like the ice he- ands of Australian {gold miners endure neath. His blue eyes were like steel intense heat; and Ho1 landers have magnets.	flourished for generations in the Dutch
It was as though from this man colonies, emanated some deadly creeping influ- The region on each side of the equ -e,n<K* which Misa Considine cowered be- tor for a thousand miles he. believe fore, but «ould not resist. It was to be "the most healthy and the most eoarcely lover and loved one. It seem- enjoyable abode, for m in, where with ed rather the executioner and his vie- the least labor he can obtain the great-
->t amount of eeoei tries, the com-
One night Miss Considine invited a forts and the- luxuries of life, and can select few to witness the mysterious at the same time develop an 1 cultivate
unveiling of the picture, about which his higher nature.
there had been such conjecture. A But work, he adds, is necessary to
th there as elsewhere.
whole, life in them is more conducive to health than life, in the temperate
He attributes his own long-continued good health—<md he is now
resi
l

eel to pile beaver skins beside it until they rose even with the muzzle. When art Indian hid not sufficient skins to pay in full, th*» company's officer filed a notch at that point upon the barrel Ot t h - gun to which his pile of skins reach»! and the hunter made up the shortage from his n-oxt hunt. Nowadays, a beaver skin is worth from $6 to 315, and a silver fox fre in 850 to £300. In the old days an ordinary colored cotton handkerchief paid for a marten skin, tHe value of which was ;3. In these times buffalo pemmirnn constitutel th> chief food of the voy-tgeur ; n nv dried moose and caribou | Crown meat have taken its place.
The main recreation of the majority ûf th-a company’s officers and clerks i T. m»n-nf-wnr in hunting. The staff at a post often	men
go off an l ramp for a week, and a bun- » crow---	,	.
dre I and more geese and double that were oarsmen working on tnr , number of du ka load the boats on the The speed of these vessels xs a.
brown In six milee an hoar in fair weather. ..
ACROBATIC ARMY.

3Ks -s wsrjTB»
mon.
Pin Vermin Holiltm Arc Required # Devrlip Inii*11 ut tgllllv.
tim
Gymnasium practice is one of there

THE KAISER'S SERVANTS
There are 1,500 persona upon
list of employes including 350 wrm»n servants, who are
the '
scaling walls. To test the soldier's

men sat ion was expected. The magnifi cent drawing-room was ablaze with light, aflutter with expectant guests Tba veiled portrait occupied a prominent position at the lower end of the long saloon, and thither pressed the throng, the peerless belle conspicuous I d salesman upon the arm of the artist, Count Lud-
l
German Emperor s

STAND UP TO FIT A SHOE

People would find less difficulty with ready made shoes," said the experience
, "if wouId sti,nd "P fTdle wttd her moi her do to fit them on instead of sitting down. Caesarian section, to which I have place their clasped hands under the
beauty was grave and silent, watch- they are fitting a shoe, and it is with imT Mrs. S harlieb sat bes.de me the steeping soldiers straighten up, ing the mm upon whose arm she iean- rhe greatest difficulty you can get at tbe banquet Friday evening, look- raising him as foras they can.
smmsa I æ
to Still the throbbing of the stormy why the shoes aie not so comfur a Jn ,	Mrs. Garrett Anderson, 04 full length, and extends his hands to
sas.*.sus:
•Why do I Unit' What is this ter- site m a chair than when she walks	g^her night did not reveal the min is pulled up until he can eaten
%^ w,h
At last Count Ludwig loosened her hay swell sppreo.ably. The mus Its. ,	• ^ . yet Mrs. Sr harlieb spent 21 guarded by little bags of chnmoi?, sr
«Hweled fingers from his arm, and, also require certs n apace. In buying |	w mpdiral life in India. | tha ’ no one can be pi weed by a prod
stepping forward, drew the ourUin shoes this fact should be borne m
with a sweep of the hand.	I mind.”

e
Rut


ROMAN MEN-OF-WAR.
of the Horn IBS had of which 174



of about 225 men
r
Th

return	¦
summer an l white in winter, is a good gam?* bird, and in seme localities pinnated grouse or prairie chickens are ery numerous.
A1 YORK FACTORY,
ptarmigan
MEASUREMENT
two
Gertrude. I've brought you home bushels of artlfical violets
Two bushels 1 Hare you lost your
ant ot bar places on Hudson Bay wild gwee are so plentiful before the ice ] tiiktis that they are salted and issued
as ration* to the servants. The part- i p<j y(>u as m my on ridge is nowhere more frequently at ^at g|r| Bext door b me to the hunter than in these I
-
but I heard you say you wish-
your hat us
No
t The mus les. ,
'bor-r if ! ^«nUlYbj^E

I have wandered from the council, | *n<i burry the practicing pnvatca






». v ;

e a.

. 3*

###PAGE###3###
I


CURING LOCKJAW.
CONCEITED CELEBRITIES.
BIG FOOD CONTRACT.
AMORT, BUT STRONG, Is this argument
hints for the farmer.
'I In- l-lggwt food n>h! j ic.t ever offered wn one
ftemr Afcoewl of Ihr tlrilaod of Inducing
Pfmplr»llffii.
Lockjaw when caused by a wound has lung I**ju conaidered incurable, and it U only of lute years that a few in-HUncee of successful treatment have
He Ksiimute MmI ttrenl Mer» Here Ua«l of l lirlr Own Abilities.
Hf it be true that u "nian'a greatnewi may almost be measured by h»s mod-o»ty,M it is at least, equally true that tlsere are more than sufficient exceptions to prove the rule, for there have be tin times when many of the greatest miviu the world has known have been betrayed into expressions ot conceit which would have been discreditable in much! smaller men.
That iialzao had at least an
LUDE LLi

to supply food for the
1 ren°h forced engaged in 'be Franco-tie* man war
i
I he offer was made on
tb» breakdown of i be French Con*-luissariat l)e|Kiitinent.

OnOP ROTATIONS.
k
it could not îepled, for its carrying uut would have been a breach of £ngland'll neutrality.
A systematic rotation of field
crops in
or garden is really very seldom carried o% from year to year though the value» of such a rigid .system is not disputed by any. Very few of us can plead ignorance to knowledge of the subject, but the of farm work makes m lax, and we constantly undertake to do more I ban we can do well.
be
CEYLON TEA HAS THE FLAVOR AND QUALITY Lead Packages. ...	. . . .25, 30, 40, 50 & 60c.
been recorded, the most striking being thus*» effected by the Indian woor-ali poison, and by enormous doses of alcohol. Two cases are reported 1n which all the alarming symptoms were
al-
* i
A BOON FOR THE LAME I "
TIIE IVET PATENT EXTENSION SHOE CO.,
Are aniious lu secure the address oi every I agio and wurr.at- In Canada w) om# lamja n»**e fvn»iais I» n: e I iuL being shorter than 'be othr-r mad sre offering good gating ojflg lileym-nl to every a r e p rftoti whe will lake the trouble la write for oifouleri àn4 cdK to act «s annuls Of mi ul the Eitensl ans for yourself aad you will, after wearlag B a »»rk. have no trouble w> ouuriuoe others of its vajut.
b Hi leu si on * I,y f»r the last of its nature ear p seed oi. the market, and enabl* the wrarer to wa.h upright, to walk with ea-e end oomfwrt, tu wear any ordlnirff «toffe •her, anJ gives tb. ui th- smii* an-'aranoe as 'Iimi ui re fortunate fiicurU Deemeiitl circulars free to all A s for term* to agent*. Add roue
HER ASHES in THE MORTAR.
An odd inounuiHrit was desired by nn elderly maiden who died a few weeks ago in Athlone, Ireland. She left a fortune of f 130,000 to bo spent in the f*rec-I loll Iff I < hu r oh,
body should be converted into wake* and Used in m iking the mortar for building the edifice.
%
m\
pressure
removed by violent perapiration. The first was that of a young man of L'Z, adequate estimate of his powers was I who had the misfortune of having had proved by h a saying, on more than one |AW hand caught in the gearing of a occasion, "there are only three w rile is threshing machine ; part of the skin in T rance—Victor Hugo, Théophile | wtu4 carried off, but in the course of Gantier and myst it. *
'1 Ins verdict, Haltering os it was, in
a sense, to Victor Hugo, was by no | (>ne morning the patient awoke with
When the
provided that her
T»
k
That is I he. clanger of farming more than it is in ordinary lines of business. Wo like to do everything on a large scale, and with plenty of bind to cullivale it to let it stand idle. So wo try to cultivate it, and only half succeed. After th»* first spurt In garden making real dies out, and the succession of crops of radishes, lettuce, peas, heels
and similar vegetables gradually yield to less
•iron# «rvtt 170 BAY STRUT
TORONTO, CANADA,
i
x " *
a fortnight everything seemed pro
“Pharaoh 100."%%%^^' j ONE NIGHT
( ern Cure. Aik your druagte foril IrlelOe
THE NIMMO & HARRISON
HU8INE38 AND 8MMITHAND
seems a waste
g reusing toward a speedy cure, when
»
COLLEGE,

M BEAVER BRAND " Maoklnteeh
never hard mis A is guantuU <•<! Waterproof. Ask f r It,take no other. Hea 1er Rubber Cloth le# Oc* MwuU«-ai.
tueaias indorsed by him. author of “Les Misérables” heard of it,
a strange rigidity in his jaws, violent
, i,ain ovor tbe eternum- interm,t-1 A-ctmling to the SS police, there
b' w a“id 10 havti romarked:	It y<-u ent difficulty of breathing, and con- h#H „ marlted iu .rease „f lale in
5™JSrSiSwat £™EvEa?c
Wh- ui a lady of rank onoe said to	to a	violent |>ersphatlon. For this pur-	the largo shops,
Ma lh cube, the fa 11*., us French poet,	;***,	he had hoops	put under the Led	i
whom murals wore us faulty as his	clothes in order to	prevent their con-	|
veiraoti wore perfect, “1 want to show	tact	with the no,?y	and then got four
you; somn of the most exquisite veases deep pots filled! with quicklime, which
Over written ; they will be a revel a- he slightly moistened xv 1 ^h vn .it #* r. | What is a stethoscope, and what is |«
tu>n to you." Malherbe ana wered	^ wrapped inlb- [LTaL'fn’anuHy ^	°f
Pardon me. nuuietm. If, #a y»u eay. and then placed on each «de of Th)s steth.«co|w, answered the pupil Ui» voiBtis are tho most perfect ever the patient, ordars btung givon to t ho i ^ tix®	extromiiy of the cltuss,
,	.	1 written 1 have already seen them, for family to moisten tho quicklime f 1 <»in jH a H<„• t uf microscope used by a doc-
=3%;	...
cession of crops on a given piece of figured in the French Revolution, bed clothe caught fire, which, bow-.	. luUII,
J.md concentrates the labor and the maintained his vanity to the lust. As ever, was speedily extinguished. As for O Kfe Er* E O kxt of cost of cultivation. It save* plowing	j h owas dying he said to his favorite at-	the	perspiration, it was	ho immoder-	„ .sn^8vAS<»euAT	aowmt
in the Nprmg <*f the year, and at	| tendant, "Prop up my head carefully,	| nte	as. to iwlms all belief.	On the fifth	W. LLOYD w6 >D. roroato, kn j,a ,
the flume time bring» the soil up to	for	it is lhe most remarkable head in	day all tetanic symptoms had disap-	AV	nnVLv7;,7v«a-ccmM
a bet or mechanical ctmdition, adds	all	France." Mirabeau was honored	j^ired, except a little stiffness in the	AN	"ONES I	CONFESSION. ¦ n pABimiM|«n pA 1	|mu«g
more humua to it, and makes the plant witih a public funeiral, and hi» remains jawSf the patient wax in a state of	Bertha—But isn’t there a good deal	atr»,,!!?}»	’ I
food more assimilable because of the I wtve placedi in the Pantheon ; and yet complete prostration, which was. how* 0[ Emerson’s writings that you do not om get yoi beet prtc*e fur tout Appioe’ Hotter, igg*, constant stirring over and exposure	wiithin, a f<iw months lie was declared	ev^r, removed by good	nourishment,	understand, Uncle Charles (	Poultry, sod other produce, if you ship it to	them,
to tho elements. A proper rotation	» traitor by ihe very assembly of	an(]	a few days after all	tracas of the	Uncle Owrlew-Of course there	is.
of crops always includes clover and | whiph lie had been the maatur spirit | dangerous affection had di.sa geared.	The great pleasure in reading Emer-
other plant food-making crops, and i and President.	The second case was that of a day g<>n js the oMiortunity it gives a man
thii turned under will fill the noil	with	Rerfcaps one of the most striking ex-	hab<>r©r, who. when the doctor came,	with a fertile imagination to think
a I of the green material needed.	XX e J	amples of vanity,	even in French on-	appeared in a dying state. He at first	out meanings’ for profound passages,
thus ke<y up the quality of the land I	nabs, was furuisaud by a letter writ-	denied having had any wound, hut up-
and its high fertility,	Urn	by Victor Hugo to Prince Bis-	f>n examination an injury caused by
We have just learned that the	soil	marck, in which	the following sen-	a hot>nail was discovered on one of
1» very tnuch like our bodies	and	tenets occur: I	love Ibeo because I	¦ his greal. to«*-a circumstance the p»-	”eRrt\yWJl,rh^"ÙAh.?r°I"^?t"Ttun,
oraius in one respect,—the more	you ,	ani gi'«at«r than	thou art. >X ere we	tient had forgotten. The t real ment	th* child, soften* ihe game. alley* pain, ciire* wind
lü* dZtr'c us?	“J *“ ,h,i SSSS -
rest at all if it is properly cultivât- thuu the cloud, a ad I the lightning; ed. We put in' it as much as we take j* bhou art power, I am fnme. Which out of it, nnd we develop and ifi the greater, victor or vanquished I strengthen it by plowing and bar- Neither. 1. as poet, am greater than rowing it. The oid idea that the soil either, for I celebrate both. * had to remain idle for a time tore- Roesini could not restrain his vanity cuperate is just as wrong as to sup- evtin in the home circle. Many of his pose that the properly used brain tetters to his mother bore this insci ip-needs idleness. Change of occupation tion : “To Mra. Rossini, the mother uf Is the great essential. The soil needs uh,‘ famous maestro." change of crops and not rest. Give it Wagner, in his early days of cbscur-this and good tilth, and it will con- ^y and neglect, was a constant prey tinue to produce large crops until to mortified vanity. “Mozart, Mendeis-doomsday.	sohn," he would say. “Hah 1 Who are
tiny 1 Their suns will all have set long before mine is at the meridan."
Rut expressions such as these were, perhaps, outbursts due to ei sense of ptysonal injustice, rather than expres-skind of honest opinion, for when the e un began to shine for Wagner few main were more modest or charitable than he.
Michael Angelo, the greatest painter and sculptor of all time, was intensely jealous of Raphael, whose star ras» bi#t a few years later than his own and threatened to eclipse it.
“Raphael," Michael Angelo used to say "will never be anything more than my pupil. The little art he knows he learnt from me."
WOMEN IHIKVES.
for. Yooge and College HU , Toronto
our
CIVIL 8EKVICC PREPARATION A SPECIALTY.
A wll wiuippo'l. widely	School, iiigh record
for gou<l rv*ultn individual uulruotiuu. Proapactu# iiii li'i to your addn as free, tt. L> KIM MO and JAH

HARRISON. Principals
—~ —1 ¦ ¦ - - -	¦— ¦ —*««*»ee88l
SCHOOL OF MINING, KINGSTON.
w -
variety, that demands less time and attention. # Soed
sowing
seems to come too often during the busy season for
Affiliated to Queen's Univr-relty Hesslon begins Oo» toLer 4th. ftmr years for dewri e* (fl 8c , K. iVr ) Id (1) Me allurgy and Mining EnjrWertnf (21 Analytical Chemistry and As* .ymg. aid Mineralogy and Oerdeyf. Tlirun year* for diploma* Shorter special Coure#. Graduate have so far secured employment Immedh stely. For calendar
U Toscana, rnTmOiSS I
a proper succession. AU would be richer at the end of the year if
this crop rotation, and abandoned eveiy
purt of the farm that we didn't have
time to cultivate up to this standard.
That would mean on some farms, a cutting of the fields almost in half. But that would not be
TUKONTO Cutting School often special advantage#
to aili tleulrou# of lusquirlng a thorough knowledge « f Cut nnt: aiid Fitting tiehtlvmeu § (iarinents, Write for particulars.
we attended strictly to
A DEFINITION.
L. GOOD WIN. Director.
Hotel set Saloon men c*nn>t a Ford to bp without the Automatic faucet AU nek-it pays f No drip
_________ 113 Yonge St., Toronto.
HARRIS uJSfàÜSgïïfà.
Wholesale only ïxmg Dlatence Telephone 173a
WILLIAM ST., TORONTO.
ays fur it-,elf in one week oraw
muni, a» i in* beer
me hand to draw beer with the Autoei but In ease of mail you ceu hoi
Uf	arAir#
You only a#*4
• c
, no waste
i Automstié Idglaaaeâld •aobhand, ai th« Automatic II a ways ready The Automatls draws the finest glass of beer sad Is used for any trade, as it puts the kind of bead on th t be* r the! you want Price |i 60 pre-pai 1— money refunded If nut satisfe#» UsoaUtoB M/gOo .TorontS
y
LAW
Mille, Mille As Maine
Brtrrlsters,el<;.. removed ko We*In mood HL

s , Rich-
oronto.
MALT
8K5S?**YSMS:!FARM FOR SALE.
198 ACRES SITUAT n WaUrloo Go., XX II mot Tp., Out. ; f mils no An New Duti-1« e and 5	south of Petersburg.
<GT R. : the l«ml slopes gently towards south and ou Is * rich o.ay lo*m, In a good state >f cultivation ; th are 2 a r.-< of orchard and gar len, at .ut 23 acres 01 gyid hardw iod hush, cedsr and spruce hid e around buildings, an-l 2 )0 n aple trees bord rii g on farm ; I era nd soft water at house ; birn supplied with spring wder by hydraulic rain; power wheel on barn ; »b<jul 60 acres of wheat, 46 iroadow, balance spring ornp t frrrn can he bought with or without crop For terms, address ISRAEL UK KBS MAN, New Dundee. Out.
FREE to eTery W arid giri who sends us the full raiue an.l address of fire boys of
girlsfover 14 years old) and their own add eel we will award u handsome bloiole waist n t* VVerequ reaU who are awarded the w aist m4 to distributedpkg* of eur Lemonade Powdd?
1 collect 5c per i kg. Each package contains u*h for ten g.a-sea. Return the mooes to us by eipress, money order ur postal nota .nd w* will give you lu addition to waist awl un elegant bracelet. In order to Induce p-ompL» ness, to all who nnikeroturiie inside twelve da A from receipt of goods we will further give a h-rw irstick pin. DOMINION SUPPLY llUVdfl 92 Kmg tit. W., Hamilton, Out.
I
t j A TCMTC Procured in alleountilee Designs
ïrosesesc:
Notary Public, leisple Buildlug, Toronto, Ost
Boohs, *orar>ec, vrn olfixee, Soupulare,
Religious Pictures, tira'uary. end Church Orn meets Educational Works. Mail orders receive prompt alien
lion.	0 ft J ftADLIFR
Catholic Prayer
FOR OVER FIFTY YEARS
A CO . Montreal.
am
WHITE’S PHOSPHO SODA
en »
An Effervescing Phosphate, excellent cleanser for liver, kidney and stomach, takes the place of coal tar preparations In case of headache, its effect la Immediate. Sold by all druggist*, In 10c, 2f>c. 50r and S’. 90 package*
Queen City Drug Do , 271 Wulllnyton-at. I., Toronto |
THE CYCLIHNNES SKIRT.
AGE OB' WHALES.
According to t he Wheel, Bondon, the
CARD INDEX
Whales from 3‘X) to 400 years old are
The age is as-
’ »
police of St. Petersburg effect to regard the tikirt. of the cyclienne as a oertained \ij the size and number of menace both to the safety of the wear-l ¦ y era of the whaleb ne, which increase er and the public in general, and
have laid down a law that no lady cyclist shall ride through the streets of the Russian capital unless clad in the bifurcated garment.
• • •
sometimes met with.
12 COLD MEDALS UPHOLD ITS QUALITY
The only per foot system for keep Ing names and audrsaee Sample tray out fit.....
The Office
x
$3.
It
PEERLESS
j The Best Known
For Farmers’ Use
OpeoUlty Mfg. Ce.,
Limited
122 and 124 Bay tit., TORONTO. Factory : Newmarket
yearly.
fLii
Brantford
Galvanized Steel *>""7
HARLEY
Revival of Trade.
Reports from the United States support the view that trade interests have vastly 'improved recently and that the business outlook for the future is en-
cou ragiug.flBHHHHHHHHHpH|
news to the people of Canada, since our own trade interest will be stimulated and improved. In nothing has this improvement been shown in a more marked way than in the increased sale of Putnam's Painless Corn Extractor.
thing not absolutely needed became a luxury, and its sale became stationary. Now it is different. Sales have increased vastly, doubtless as it has proven the only safe, sure, and painless remedy for corns, and wise people will use no other.
on agricul'ural machinery and for general purp Hard# re and (îenerttl rttoro.i tell it to their bt»i W»<1«£ More usod than any other machine oil.
©
LUBY’S
Gives new life to tht
Windmills and j Towers.
Steel Flag Staffs,
Crain Orfndere,
Iron and Wood Pump#, Bee Supplie#.
Send for New Catalogue.
Hair. It makes It grow and restore* the eoTor
Sold by all druggists, 50c. a outlie.
BARREN ORCHARDS.
This is one of tho most difficult to answer to all agricultural questions— why are so many orchards unproductive year ofter year f There are many causes of unproductiveness; and It is Impossible to make an orchard young again in order that it may be brought up in the way it should go.
It is a significant fact, however, that of many hundred* of barren orchards Inspected, less than half a dozen had received good tillage and the other good care from the outset. In fact, barren orchards—of properly selected varieties—{which have been well tilled. fertilized and otherwise well treated, are so rare that it is
to consider them in discussion.
The most casual observer will agree that neglect is the common and general cause of barrenness in orchards.
Even pigs are an unsatisfactory crop when they are obliged to shift for themselves. But it is the business of
the experimenter to determine just	________________ _________________
which element of neglect is responsi- of liquefied gases, in that it depends I avemiiF MAURE_______Melon-College Avenue
ble for the failure in any particular on utilizing the great latent heat of -------------------- pmiiy "ouu *1M
case. The most general causes of barrenness are the following, being stated approximately in the order of their frequency and importance:	1,
lack of good tillage, particularly in the first few years of the life of the plantation ; 2, lack ot humus and fertilizer; 3, uncongenial soils and sites;
4, lack of systematic annual pruning;
6, lack of Spraying and of attention to borers and other pests; 6, bad selection of varieties; 7. trees propagated from unfruitful stock.
Seasons vary. Some years are good
most
Brantford Can.
Mention this paper.
ITYÔIL
0« LIMITE®
This will be welcome
ALSO

TORONTO
OGERSpres
AML
COOLNESS IN DANGER.
She—Tell me, when you were in the army, were you cool in the hour of dengex.	i
He—Coolf Why, I shivered.
A
'ALLAN LINE
r

R 0 0 F I NO nooriNO SLATE, in Week,
Med er Ore# n SLATE BLACKBOARDS (We supply rutile aad nigh School*.Toronto) Rooflug Felt, Pitch,
Ooel Ter, etc ROOFING TILE (See New City Build-Inge, Toronto, done bv our firm). Metal Oiling», Cornice», eta Estimates furnished for work complete or for ; material»shipped to sny part of the country Phone 1936 ,
(LDUTMieifONI, Adelaide AW.dmer •te.,Toronte J from Liverpool.	Prom Montreal
¦IffSS ES
Second Cabin #2, 00 Return *•,<$ 56.
UlahVOW' UtodoodT^
For tickets and all information apply to local agent a
H. ROURLIER, 77 Yonge St., Toronto* or H. « A. ALLAN, Montreal
•mi Sheet Metal Works.
Times being dull every-
110141, HAIL i 8T- wwwhm
ROUT |
STEAMERS
How's This ?
EVERT THURSDAY
We offer One Hundred Dollar# Reward for any case of Catarrh that cannot bo cured by Hah'e Catarrh Cure.
F. J. CHENEY & CO.. Props., Toledo, O.
We, the undersigned, have known F. J. Cheney for the laet 15 yearn, and believe him perfectly honorable in all business transaction#, and financially able to carry out any obligation nude by their firm. vVkst& Tbuax, Wholesale Druggists. Toledo. O. Waldino, Kinnan & Marvin, Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, O.
Hall’s Catarrh Cure Ip taken internally, acting directly upon the blood and oiucous surf-con of the system. Price, 75c. per bottle. Sold by all druyg sts. Testimonials free.
Hall's Family Pills are the best.
It is not necessary to hare thousands to make money in grain and stocas. Ten tu one hundred dollars carefully inrested on margin will net you same profit as one to tire thousand dollars *111 if you pur-1 chase nut right. Write for pamuh let. explaining fully, F. 0. ANDERSON A CO., Stock and Investment Brokers, 20 Victoria 6L, Toronto.
Wheat
AND
Stocks
DRESS AND HOSE. ,
Mrs. Green is awful mad at her next door n°ighbor for sprinkling her lawn. Ih she f Flow silly 1 Oh, I don't know. You see, she had It on.
NEW AIR-COOLING MACHINE.
f
r
Simple Device for Lowering the Tempera
lure of Rooms.
A machine has been built on novel principles for cooling the air of houses and apartments. It differs from the I refrigerating machines now in use, Th® “ BalmorAly” Fl*ti6 Bus
which convert mechanical energy into	CcirSl&kO
heat, abstracted through the medium
unnecessary
Michigan land for Sale.
O MO ACRES GOOD FARMING LANDS-ARENAC.
Lake Railroad*, at prices langmg from 12 to fe nor acre These Lands are Close to Enterprising New towns. Chutehee, Schools, *to„ and will be sold on most reasonable terms Apply to
MONTREAL HOTEL DIRECTORY.

•eli
zOOQ
Am, Plsrie |1 60 A up.
HEALTH RESTORED
EXPENSIVE PEACE.
without medic: "
Revalent»
Arabloa Food,
Di’AHsbl# Riiitcew. 100.000 IwW 8 ôdlw Annual Cure* of Uonstip#.
DuBarry & Co.,
irenta for Canada: Tho T. Eaton Co.. Limii^d. Toronto
S
Almost every nation, with the exception of the United States and Great Britain, is overtaxed to meet the expenses of maintaining its army and navy. France runs behind to the amount of 31,000,000,000, Austria has an annual deficit of $80,000,000, Russia of $50,000,000 and Italy of $30,000,000.
European Plan. Rooms
. Opp. rop s.
I from 81 » d Q.T.R. Station, Mow real. Geo Carslakeâ

Du Barry’s
Dominion Line
ROYAL MAIL STEAMSHIPS
Montreal end Quebec to Liverpool.
Large and fast Steamers Vancouver,
Dominion, Scotsman, Cambroman.
Rules of passage First Cabin, $50 upwards ; Second Cabin. S3Û ; Steerage. #72 50 and # 3 50 For further information apply tolm-al agents, or
DAVID TORRANCE 1 CO., General Agente.
17 St. Sacrament Sr , Montréal.
JA“E8' "“-«a-w
but for cooling at maximum efficency over the range of 10 to 25 degrees Fahrenheit, required to keep a room at comfortable temperature on a hot
Railway. First-class Commercial House. Modern izn proremeuts-Rates moderate
W P c »M«
USEFUL CATERPILLARS.
CALVERTS
It is now said that the cocoon of tho
summer dny. To furnish the forced tent caterpillar can be carded, if not blast which provides both the air cir- reeled.
culation and the chilling effect, all 1 great pest of the apple tree, that is required is a little electric motor blower. This evaporates the water, which is distributed in a capillary film, so effectively that 10,000 cubic feet of air per hour can be cooled to about 68 degrees Fahrenheit. There is an automatic adjustment which keeps
Carbolic Dis Infectant». Soaps, Oint
: ment. Tooth Powder», etc., have been the awarded 100 medals and diploma* for gups*lor A and it excellence. Their regular u*o prevent in recti- LJI ous diueudee. Ask your dealer lo obtain a ; jfc may be that the apple tree w ill take smpply. Lists mailed free on application.
the place of the mulberry tree as food
for the silk worms. It is estimated
The tent caterpillar is

This beautiful rolled gold ring set with three brilliants, by selling one dozen Austrian Roea Stick Pins at 10cents each. They are Imperishable, pretty and k easily sold. Sen them, return the ^ money, and we send this valuable Pi ring in velret-llued case, by rw-fcm turn mall
A T
...
7
MÀ
F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
/lAjj
fruit years—in those years orchards bear. In fact, they are likely to overbear; the trees are thereby depleted, and a bad year follows: the
consequences are “bearing years* and	.	....
“off years.* The longer theconditions the temperature at any desired point, are allowed to dictate what the crops and atjany desired degree of humidity, shall be, the more difficult it is to The water]can be taken from the local bring the plantation iirto a habit of supply, and current from the nearest annual bearing. Half the mature bar- available source. 1 he apparatus re-re n orchards could not be made pro- quires no more attention than a com-fitable by any lino of treatment. They mon fan* motor, and can readily be set have had their own way too long. up in sick rooms or hospitals, where ¦¦¦¦!¦¦i^|	¦*¦¦¦¦¦	such an- appliance is often invaluable.
IODIDE TREATMENT FOR MILK I The ease with which the appartus can
be handled and operated, in fact,
WÊÊÊttEÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊIÊKIÊÊÊ should insure its adoption generally in The new cure for milk fever by the | all kinds of buildings during very hot
weather. It is not only far more efficient than |the ordinary refrigerating apparatus, but it practically en-erinarians and others to give very ex-I able® any one who is very sensitive to
ceUent results, and already it is be-1 indoor beat to pass through the most
trying summer in comfort.
MANCHESTER, - . ENGLAND.
I 1


that an average tree will support 10 or
12 tents of caterpillars, yielding 3,000
makers of silk, and representing a yield of three pounds of silk, worth $1 per pound. It is further said that
with proper appliances attached to tho J Instruments, Drums, Uniforms, etc.
SnWtr	Every town can have a band.
would b. eipendwl m ,.tk.rlii, ib.	’^SSTXiBgSWMSSSSS"'
product, which would equal the apple	Music or Musical Instrument*.
proceeds of a tree at 75 cents a barrel. WHALEY ROYCE A CO.
However, the worm might be improved
so as to produce a finer grade of silk,
and in the end the result would be
that the silk would be more profitable
than the apple.

Brass Band
Home Specialty Co., Dent* /, Toronto, C
M
an.
Ali
32% Profits for the Month
OF JULY. Tbi* l ompatiy, after paying the 4 per cent monthly coupon* maturing August let, have reniai Inc a surplus of 28 i»tir ceut. A flu/ deducting ex pense*. And the amount earned to the reserve fund there remain* to the credit of the invest rs a surplus over dividend of lii 4-3 percent. Any amount from *60 unwar Ja reoeivod for Investment. IT Booh free, giving full particulars.
The Dominion Investment Company of Toronto, Canada Permanent Chamber*, IS Toronto St.
>3
vV
évi
• Toronto, Can.
.4

wood & Photo. Engraving


$H0W CASES. WALL CASES
I
FEVER.

Office and Bank Fixtures, Modern Store Fronts. Mirrors and Plate Glass. For low prices write
TORONTO SHOW CASE CO.,
92 ADELAIDE W., TORONTO. CAN.

%
? < '
injection into the udder of a solution of iodide of potash is claimed by Vet-
05
V

of the nose, throat, stomach and

JOYS OF SHOPPING,	I fa A t A	bladder perm a weutly cu "-d Writs
Husband, wearily. Well, how are you I The Indian CatarrhCuw UoTl46 SL Jama^at .ti^ntreol getting on with your ajhoppingf Wife. Oh, splendidly! Let me see we've been to fifteen shops and haven't bought a thing yet.
/
##
%


i
Bapaoially tfcoea wh * have failed tube cured elsewhere, write te Dr Arootl, Sirlio wh# will eootmve y be r m ,-ureyoe
i Stammerers
W M. SHAW, Principal.
coming recognized in certain quarters as one of the most reliable remedies


CANADA PERM AXE Ail
yet introduced. As already pointed
TIME FOR ACTION,
Of To onto,
TOMOE and CCRRARD STRUTS.
I
Loan and Saving» Company.
water cooled down to 98 degrees f. I r Ma_çert»inly. my eon.
Freddie—Then I to going to git out
igœarvjui» IBM.
jfi'tfyc €4/ Ao
Jj /c OHHSaA, àJ*Îl* /W .(
a
The Oldest and Largest Canadian Mortgage Corporation,
Paid-up Capital, •	- $3,600,000
Reserve Fund • -
71/
Tbi* excellent echoel la now closing It* banner year and making spécial preparation for the
Fall Term, which opens on Sept BIN noxt.
Daring the part 20 days Thirty-eight you,* mem and women have bean recommended for rttaati jos In many of our be- ' bmmm* houses.
water cooled down to 98 degrees!, before being used. Half a pint of ^
Stir	sur
*
1,200,000
i
rr
Hoad Off loa-Ter an to St, Torenta.
###
tlon is given the udder and teats
should be carefully washed with soap
to which a little carbolic
Information will be cheerfully sent to anyone Interested to
•ranch Offi
Winnipeg, Man., Vancouver, S.S.
With inlereet c ou pom oust Lei
DK
BUSINESS EDUCATION SHORTHAND, TYPEWRITING or
MONEY LENT en security of real Ootcntt ,^tsnd Municipal Baade, at
1 a
#

TEL:
ORA PUT.
1 W. H. SHAW,
•

LONG DAY.
In Spitsbergen the longest day is three and one half months. .
Address
- 1
I. HERBU*
f 4
and wat add Las Lean added.









a
n
###PAGE###4###
- -	«T*

%
i
Pontiac
Woollen
TO WHOM IT SVJAY CONCERN:
A statue in to be erected to Parnell in Dublin, an-1 ontiilmtit.ns tu it ait) huliu* tied fit in .t.l uiel ihe wur
suppositious budget. There was a tinu v Inui Sir Richard would lmvv scorned t< justify a Lilivml action l>y a Conservai iv« precedent, real or imaginary.
Ilia misfovtimv ia tlmt it is hy his own mouth hu stands condemned No cling with ligures, m> action oi liisoppmi cuts can ever reconcile the speech Richard tart weight in power, with tin speeches oi Richard Cartwright in Oppn sitiuii. llv his «
work at
out able one, nnd if wo got t
will have titty candidates in the Held in Ontario by the time t f tit general elections.
" Of prohibitionists. tin per cent, arc Liberals, and these Liberals are hut so well disposed towards the t«o\ eminent as they were and would support Independent prohibition candidates. 1 he mete fact that a « many candidates were placed in the livid would force the t» »veminent to take some kind of action
THE EQUITY.
nee. we
»
next
SHAWVILLE, AUG. 31, 1S99.
STRAY CATTLE.
I

t
EDITORIAL NOTES
Gentlemen :
vs
JH'INIUM*" 011 XUgU 'I • '.l ! lx l’C< I V It ll
iilsu urn* t hv nvr may
strayed
. .	, ..	UUh one
vvn choice < i by Ins oxx n v \\|, xvhit
\t any rate, \v v.-du-nos, Sir Richard occupies a lower
to plane in life than lie did. < 'amtda needs public men. statesmen, in xx 1 iml personal intvgritx men of all partie..
| call have implicit confidence; xxlium they max rely upon under all circumstance .to pi ice country before party, ami duty here self interest. It is somewhat of a disappointment not to be able to pi I Sir Richard Tart xx right in this cate
The Ottawa correspondent of the Mon- I I"' unplo iHunt to think that his ..amt tie. write, that j .urnal as f..|	» !>	'*« a8s.wmted m t uim.hai. Ium.u.n
ows :-No continuation .. obtainable ««"'	.unn-s ns 1 aemn . Metv.v, .
hereof the statement attributed to Sir 1 avl ani1 1 ,u‘v* '• *untlual *
Louts Davies that Sir Wilfrid Lautior
After all that has been said and writ- contemplates a visit to the Old Conn try A DIAMOND FOR A DOLLAR
ten tu the contrary, and notwithstanding shortly. In facr, in view t f the Premier s
the roasting that a number of the Yankee projected stumping tour ut ( htta. io, t u
*	. .	...	. , remirt is regarded as extreme.}- turnke y,
newspapers have given him. Sir \\ ilfrld ftnd therefore, il8 „ot minimizing the p	. .,nvnc ,
is going to make that trip to Chicago in sibiht.es of a general eiection this „	LXium, h
October.	fall. As to that, h *>\.\j, it !..	. 1 jlo.ssible to distinguish them from gvnuim
along been com. vu ou tiiat nothing xxnl he diaiuomL costing hundreds of dollars each determined upon until Mr. Tutu has personally sized up the situation. Ho will be back in plenty of time to take tin measure of his party's clnnces in an ni peal to the Country A cable from him this week states that lie is practically io-stored to health and is in excellent spirits. Ho w iil sail tor home on the 11th of September.
i
l.uuudit out the Tailoring
l "rame, 1 b
The price of Canadian cheese reached a fraction over the 11 cent m irk this xvevk.
Il
N ri
I i M in .
war old Hull, rod nml white xuiir In prox ing properl} and paying vx inuises
Mr. dial riliat I mil prepared and overv sati>fm tion entrust iue with
i
!
the prohibitionists a re bring out candidates.
pn parmi;
\
It was etlicially stated on Friday that the depositors of the l>at»k Ville Marie, would only receive 2‘> cents on the dollar.
hnlVHli
M til ST DA I IMS, Thorne t vnt
ir.x
X
Mills
WAITING FOR TARTE
Presence Necessary to Fix Date I'm
for Elections
f tl
Strayed on to t In* pivmi a ^ • signed Lot 17, Hnngi1 t. Aldli XllgUst, t llVl'f St	txxoJ x
x vailing, xx it li xvire> in Uxx nw van have satin "* nropcvtx a n x paying expenses
• '	XV. .1, MAH ! IN.
Mart in’s Lai
My Motto :
No
l ion to business
|,point niants to patrons.
Tho latest speech delivered by IIon. Joseph Chamberlain, delivered on Saturday, is regarded as an informal ultimatum to Paul Kruger. Unless the latter comes to terms pretty shortly, a declaration of war must result.
t
Prompt
oui
I
h
The only Establishment
of its kind in the County.
My Determination :
iwosful compari-
I, i In- x en best ; a class of
1
t a
I
trcal t1
I
i
ve.l on tot lie property of the umh i 'ignvii. UillieM. on or abuui 23nt August : t >v .t li w ire in right vat < an Imvv same h\ proving property ami paying expeim
Si i
h \\ i
,vk 111.it by its stylish ami fash
\\ ill draw tin
Ux\ a-1
X

i iu.ll,It' appearanvi
ami scvuri
attention uf everyone tin- vontimvii patronage of those
with their lirai
13111:1, STIMMxl
A Limited Special Offer which will Last for 10 Days Only.
CARDING SPINNING
Etc. Etc.
entrust mi
Filtered in pound on !.<¦! Id, Range 1. A Id livid, on Saturday, the -dth inst., four head vt Steers x\ ith a tag in their right
Owner is iicli cattle from
x\ no Vide!
>
9
Leave your Measure next.
!
ears, hearing the lettvi hereby not lilt d t-» remox sinb pound, pay ing all damages and e\ otherwise thex xx ill be sold hypulj
1
w<
They are wurn hy tlie hot pcopli will' forward a (ir:M i.m; Pomona Diamond mounted in a heavy ring, pin. nr stud, to any address upon receipt of price, .<1.00 envh. Ear-rings, screws or drops, sj per pair. Ring settings are made of one continuous piece of t hick, shelled gold, and are warranted not to tarnish. comMnat ion otter for 10 days only mi 1 stud sent to any address upon receipt of SI.70. Semi for catalogue ring give linger measurement hy using a piece of string also full particulars. Address plainly, THE POMONA Co..
101118:$ Broadway
New \
J. W. CQiY|BA, tailor.
Another senator has gone the way of all flesh. Hon. Win. Temple, of Frederick -ton, N. B., passed away on Friday evening after a brief illness from heart disease. Deceased was a Conservative and one of the most popular members of the Upper House.
penai s,	.
lie auction on Monday, the eleventh dux of September next
\V. MARTIN,
Poll ml k oi pel
iMi \rtliurs building. Main St.)
Hdtield, August ISih),
DONE IN THE USUAL PROMPT AND SATISFACTORY MANNER.
Special
Ring
PORTAGE DU FORT
1000 Lambs
WANTED.
i
ii ordering
ROLLER MILL
— V
Always In Stock a largo and well assorted Range
Cartwright Scored
Returns of trade, import and export, of the Dominion for the financial year ending June 30 th last, place the a eg re-
having land» t o diVpoM' of t
Knir.ici
sir Richard Cartwright ha> allowed 1;L last chance to rehabilitate himself in the gale trade at $319,988,774, aa against estimation „f hi. full,.» vi.untv.Ymvii to
9304,475,530 in the previous year, or a pas* hy. Had lu even at the eleventh gain of fifteen and a half millions. Ou L»ur showed that h:> Lvo an i h°llnur
the basis of goods entered for con.un.p- ™	’ ^WhtJTins	His	Transvaal	Stand	Unanimous-
have s'» | nd >1 ici y répudiât ed every	ly Endorsed,
principle with which his name has been associated: had he disavowed any pci sni isibilitv for the initin
1
of
St as m w ill do w eil to hold t i
as tlu-x are boun
IS \c \IN 1 \ ROOD WOVKINt
FOR THE
M \M i' UTFRE Ol
* # #
n it
Worsteds,
Serges,
Tweeds, Flannels,
Prints, &c.
These Goods are from
.... tiic I,„.. n„me the best Scotch, English
in i i nr tin.v ,'f the and Canadian manufac-
ol. in the County and a
wi.low of the late I bOlieS. hi-, lifetime of $ he sime
they get our prie be tlie higlivsi that w il lx* paid
.1 AS. ROBINSON,
to
OKI
PRESS SUPPORT CHAMBERLAIN.
First class Flour
Ituver for Mr. Jamieson
Renfrew
\ u if ii '•t 21, HD,
tion the™»-xports for this year reaches W>M $311,287,013 as against $294,850,099
NOTICE
TG ALL WHOM IT MAY CONCERN :
L melon, Aug. 2»» —The morning papers
,	„	, are unanimous in their sunpmt of Mr.
.	died Liberal l egim*-: hnu he ivh!>vu r'h.un'uvi lain s polvcas disposed by the
figured so unenviously m the several scan- t«» s.,nv: i-m w v .mime bv iv inin/1 n h!u., b.n-k ju»t ivued in regard to Transdais associated with the late Mercier ad- vv in the., vil'iiv t, t:» ex..ta• . .i' e and j VA., j trouble. They are convinced that
eorrupliou xx liivn used :o su abhorrent has determined not only on franchise t 1 his rig ! i *: t uts sold : lie v.oiini h-'iyv reform, but on seeming general improve- j earned the grati*:\Ic of tuiy pit;n*tiv llK,,t i i the treatment » ? the l"itlanders. , 1 nniihnn.	The Standard b «ys :	** N -body n
i Ki> (land wan s war, and the g< vernment ,
ill* it can to avoid a rupture. ! ii- xdl leas do we want the Tiansvaal itself.
v	Apart from its gold reefs i’s territory is ; a almvst worthless, lis mines will pro- 1
n. ' hab'.y be exhausted in had a century. I
vi	We do not desire t h. iuVjcd
It is merely common political justice that kv the government is deterum ed tu tb-hi tain."
il re
i
JOSEPH BROWN,
Mr. Ernest Pacaud, the gentleman who
i-i
Pltni'lUKTOIt
1 hereby eaution all parties against gix ing tinv good», mom j . « t wit hunt an order from mv
i
ministration, is spoken of as a probable candidate for Lotbiniere, which has Vv« come vacant by the acceptance of a Lille: by Dr. Rinfret. Ernest is a typical Lib |*M,r i oral of the up-to-date school, and sh >uld rlu he win the distinction of tacking M V
on m \
l
Public Notice.
i
nos. i>!:i:xiti:H(iAsi

id. Aug. -lit h, 1 *:h.
Ha
nt conn
1
I
i
i? d

SMAV/VILLE
Meat Market.
I
ll \

1
l en< ici : \
V III
i
I
He !
1
i
v in.i
nan
to his name, he will be able to show hi-political friends in the Cabinet a few wrinkles in the art of making money appropriations where they will be of the moat benefit to the party.
i
n
vot v-ir.ii was a la Hi
-f In. ft tehee
in
win
• s as fellow t want another Ireland

11
Hi
They have been selected with a view to supplying people with the class cf goods they itijuire, and they have been marked at prices that must sell them when examined .
i

i
loux
\
«¦ b In ivby gix i ii, tlmt W il -.l'armer; Dame Mi rx Mc.lmi-An hew McCvvdiv, farmer, i liorizv his wife, all of Malcolm Pax i-l Martin i. of t lie towtiship of < r Renfrew, in the
qu : ' i > “I
arsons and e tutes of 11 la Aliix. dames Medan-M Vicur Blakely, Hun lx. Annie Janet Blak ' e Blakely. Minors, nil
IHHJH
. of I Ik* Tow nsliip of Ross, in l Henfrexv, in his ipinlitv of Iv per.ion and estrtc of Han .elian, a minor of said town-ill. on i lie seventeenth day i m \t. 1.sliit. apply to a»} of the - ol the Siiperinrvuiiit. at in I he x Litige of lhyson, lock in t lie forenoon or so " piaetieable. for betters of . establi hing i lie rights of tlie i"!i of said late Dame
Vvv \ V il
v r ' I
I
1
mil
i
t
led
I

t
CHOICE FRESH AND IT Uhl) MEATS ol' ALL KINDS
\
1
let
l lhe t
l
i
n
l
I
I
Sir Richnr
ivt	the ta deft n ting
leiuttsihlc, or justifying tlu* litreD
The d tlerence b •.tween tin' government n«'bey and the aims of the Rhoilelites i uu- strikingly shown by a cable despatch sent lo-iluy from Cape Town to the Outlot k,
,( .i L ndon weekly, which, it is understood, is subsidiz'd by Kliodeaite capitalists.
The despatch says:— “A prominent the tame Dutch burgher told u.o that lie would rather see the Transvaal a British colony
mial fuliillv.l its mis- than a republic dominated by the I nlanders. Misgivings are felt hero that the delay of tlie Imperial <i .vernment .\ til have a paralyzing i ttvet.'
A despatch to the Times from Pretoria says that the Commandai.t (lei.oral has issued that circular strictly ordering all military i tiiceis to refrain from any act likvly to compromise the government, or that collision with other powers The de.- patch adds that no foreigner, unless he volunteers, will he requisitioned
had
f
Wuiufrvl
On Thursday night last before a large audience in Massey llall, Toronto, Su
I
\l
NOW IN STOCK.
I
1
i
i
BOBBINS
Richard Cartwright delivered himself at justifiable, considerable length in defence of the ad sir Richard magnanimously ;
ministration cf which he 13 a member. I to let the dead
the s
1
Thank ng the publlic for past pat ronge, 1 rtutpr utfully s- licit a continuance « f
wL
J
I
1
t
i
t
A
PROPRIETOR.
I
1
1 1
The task assigned him involved the herculean effort of swallowing himself, and he seems to have accomplished it in a manner that was aetounding’y easy was not the mighty Sir Richard of < >pposi tion days, waxing vehement at a proposed Conservative expenditure of oU millions, who spoke, but a very much modi fit d type of that uncompromising individual, who came weighted down with subtufuget* with which he boîsteie l up 1 is inconsistency, whilst he winked the other eye at the six.y n i ion dollars which his friends and colleagues have authorized t lu nisei v •? t)spend.
J. 0. McGUIRE.
1
1
enough «-1
l
(
1
t
»
1
In other words. Sir Richard i that seal
I dal
Valuable Property
1
tht-
11
?
iv I i lierais in powt
.ill il
it the rascalities or the j rc . There a deligh fill spin
i Kiigutstit n com
»
1
Public Notice.
sion when it ; and he d talking al
Unix Mel
:
t 1
!
ft)
Valuable Farm Properly for sale, being the s. !.. Half of the N. K. Halt of Lut No. 7 on the Fourth Hang" of Clarendon, containing Ally acres, more or less, all cleared, in an excellent state of cultivation and well watered.
On the premises are erected a dwelling house, st ables, sheds n 11 d other out-building».
For further particulars apply to
MORRISON,
Hudson, P. Q.,
Shntvville, Que.
Province of (Juvbvv,
Mmueipalit v of Clarendon.	t
PUBLIC NOTICE i> herein* given that I
Il
II
lu
.sunt i vgtiiH
uf humour about su______________________
ing from a gentleman whose whole stock in trade when in < opposition \ scandal. Equally naive was his charge dust the Conservative party that it ha il** policy and no leader.
¦¦¦ hi i • ity tried every trade policy
miller heaven. Init one, until it got into i i any way in the event of hostilities
only one that it had abused and condemn-Xml as to the question of leadership. whose name is « n Sir Richard's collar—Tune’s, Si ft mi's or Blairs i The
Consul vat ive party has at len-r had the Toronto, Aug. 24. —’Today the regular courage of its conv ictions and has never monthly repent of the provincial board of wavered from the National Policy it ad- health was made public. There are two opted in ÎS78. Sir Richard made so many striking featuies in r, the increase of dip> of this kind in the course <>f his consumption and the decrease of ticaria-spoech that one could almost imagine he tiua. Fortin month of July the death Toronto, Aug. 25.—An evening paper I had been seriously contemplating a de- j from tuberculosis was never no many. In says:	A strong movement is on fool liverancc on the other side of the quus- Ju'y, 17«S du-d from the white plague, as
among Liberals in the city and through- tion.	against 157 in June, and 145 in July of
out the province to persuade lion. El- For instance, referring t > his old sus- last year. Only three deaths from ecavia ward Blake, M. P , for South Longford, j pi cions about tin* census lie said : ** The tina occurred in July, while in June tl e e to leave the fit 11 of imperial politics and Government in 1891 refused t«* hold an were 12, and 15 in July, 1898. In th return to Canada to assume the task of investigation into the charges openly oilier diseases there was little ditiennjo. directing the affairs of government in | made on the th* *r of the House. The re- I’he total number of deaths reported was Ontario; becoming premier and attorney fusai of such an investigation at such ^ 1.Old, as against 1,520, in June. Ninety-general. By securing Mr. Blake, Lib time was a confession of fraud. That five per cent, of the population cf the orals consider they wouid carry the pro sounded a little like the good old Sir piovii.ee reported
vmce again. But while every effort will | Richard, but he was careful to invoke |	-------
be made to that end the principal men at | his own statute of limitations for the pro-the head uf the movement are not san- tection of his party. Had he been more
guine that Mr. Blake will consent. L*ad j honest and less partisan, he would have j in Southern Russia They Believe era of the party acknowledge that the said :	“ The Government in 1899 also |	it is Near at Hand,
government in Ontario will have to be refused to hold an investigation into strengthened before it goes to the country charges openly made on the floor of the again. New blood will have to be in- House, and the refusal of such an investi-fused into the cabinet and those who dir-1 gat ion at such a time was another con-ect the pirty a affairs are now looking fession of fraud."
about for men to enter the cabinet and | Sir Richard's defence on the subject of
t in- ( 'oni t I luu
the Valuation Roll of the municipality soon after ; of Clarendon i> now deposited Wriiieat ioi in tin* office of the undersigned, at heirs in the mici the disposal, and for the in format ion. of Hannah (iralmm all interested parties; and further, -'.i*l
< ' \• n j i i ' ; i
tion and homologation at tin* general ses- Brvson. Jul\ -tit li. H.tl sion of the council to be held at the town hall. Shaw-ville, at ten of tin* clock in the forenoon of Monday, the fourth day of tin* month of September, one thousand eight | hundred and ninety-nine.
(riven at Shnwville, this seventh day of the month of August, one thousand eight hundred and ninety-nine.
HlTiH MATIIKSON.
Secy.-Trcas
litival
i
REV. E.S
cause
i
VRTIIIT1 Mi CONNELL,
Atti»rnev/«.r Petitioners
or H. MATHE<ON

Hi
The Celebrated . . .
Increase of Consumption In
Ontario.
Judicious
ed
C 4
M
NORTH WEST
WANT HON. ED. BLAKE
Has proven itself to be the Best and most Economical Farmers’ Stove on
the market.
Liberals Recognize that Ontario Government as at Present Constituted is Doomed.
E
S
Shawville
INCREASES BUSINESS EVERY MONTH IN THE YEAR.

A Word to the Wise Is Sufficient
Therefore wo need not dwell on their many merits. Suffice it to Bay that anyone requiring a first-class article should call and see them before purchasing any other kind, it will be to your interest to do so.
•>
General Supply-Farm Machinery and Carriage


Depot.
Other Styles.
END OF THE WORLD
o
We have several other styles of Stoves on hand, so that we are in a position to satisfy intending purchasers with anything they may require.
Merchants,
Mechanics,
Farm Machinery (all kinds,) Waggons,
Expresses,
Carriages,
Buggies, .
Carts,
St. Petersburg, Aug. 23.—Reports from Southern Russia say that a rumor of the approaching end of the wor'd is causing a panic among the uneducated
-------	„,	,	,	.	.	,	..	.,	, class. At Kliaikov, the capital of the
bring back the confidence that the pre-1 the increased expenditure was umnuthy j government of that name, workmen are
sent government has been gradually I os- of the man. His first plea is that the leaviny the city in large numbers wishing ing. At present Mr. Blake is summer- population has increased by three or four L	d whal they COnsider their last
ing at his cottage at Murray Bay and hundred thousand, and that is sufficient j d ftt their village homes. The factory he will likely be approached in the mat-1 to justify the Government's sixty million ow,,era have a3kvü the police to stop this
dollar budget. The assumption that the emjgratioti in order to prevent the ru'ma-population has increased is purely gratuit- | (iun uf business.
Beyond the fact that a few thousands of slavs have been imp* rt.‘d into
I	HH	m
ISrfe-W: PSSS5-5S
ernment will do nothing now," said Mr. lives remained in bower Mr. Fosters bud- |
in the field. The occasion is a very fav- j to maintain everything m Mr. Foster » I her
E. J. BLACK, AGENT,
Tradesmen 1
profit by the experience
of those who HAVE MADE IT PAY
and make
your business known to the public through
P. S.—Lowest Prices

Sewing Machines, Washing Machines, Wringers,
Churns.
* j i
FOR SALE OR TO RENT
ter during his sojourn there
AT
Straw Cutters, Corn Suellers, Wheelbarrows.
ous
UPPER THORNE CENTRE, QUE,, ¦
PROHIBITIONISTS’ PLANS
Whole Family Arrested
PROPERTY LATELY OCCUPIED BY
dents at all Elections
o—
H. Newham,
Everything required by tlje Farmer
in the line of machinery to lighten the work about his premises may he got here.
Consisting of one acre of land on which is built :
Building 2Gx3C with addition 12x18, used as a store and dwelling.
Building 2GxG0 (2 stories) used store-house.
There is also erected on property
kitchen, woodshed and
The Equity
whose circulation
is steady,
well established, and reaches
the people who buy
every week.
as a
IT PAYS
I
To buy a good article, and an inspection of our stock will show that we keep only the beat goods of the best makers.
Prices that will sell.

a summer oil house.
Conveniently situated for a Store.
General
For particulars npply to
W. W. IRELAND or, J. H. SHAW,
A. SMILEY.
Shawvllle, Que
1
y







###PAGE###5###
F
%
L
F
1
f


1


I
¦ * u	Tho Ohnorvi r hiivh :	A Hiulclun donth
nui # & * °*	occurred on Wodi.Wlny afternoon. An
“SES* "l'I '"""	Mmmmnm. wh-, fur »
: ae utuwa Auxilary till.ItSodi’ty,Ottawa,Oui. oambur of years nan been leading a nort
THE EQUITY,
100 JACKETS
I
l
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
I'VIILHUEI) EVERY THURSDAY AT 8HAWVILLF, Co. VONT! AC, QUK. SUBSCRIPTION—$7.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
fi4T No paper stopped until nil erreuMgis t* paid, uulCMi by special an ange ment with ubllaher.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
v\ Ini
of nomadic life in this section talking to it friend near the < station, suddenly fell over on his face and died immediately of heart failure. Dr. Dickson was called but decided an inquest
Mavnamara was about
I»
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
and

NOTA H Y FOU THF
JEWELLER
t
NOTARY PVhLI
RLL1ANC E LOAN AND HAVING» CO., OF ONTARIO.
Will be in Simwville on 1 lie first Tuesday of every montli and remain until Sutur-dn> morning follow ing.
... Just Purchased and placed Exhibition this morning.
on

Kf>:
umiocoMMary sixty -five years of ago, Ami camu to this count! v about twenty years ago from Helmullet, county NJnyo, Ireland. Ho worked for some years at tailoring, but of late years accepted any work olio red. He was till Wednesday employed oil the sewerage works in town, lie has no friends in this country.
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY,
KILVFRWARB
Ac.

o
;

ADVERTISING RATES:
L«gnl advertising, right rent* per line for Arm liiM-nlon mid four cent* per line fur each subsequent insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at #1.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at Urn rate I Snawtllle. ....	,	,
of five cent* per line for Hist Insertion ami j A count# collect» d and promp - iti.nns
three cents for subsequent Insertions.	i made.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer period# Inserted at low rates, whic h will be given on application
Advertisements received without Instructions acvompHii)Ing them will be Inserted until forbidden un i charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
i
R. MITCHELL,
ï
K
The purchase includes .... unprecedented values in
BLACK, BLUE, BROWN GREEN and FAWNS,

BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT for the IHutrlctof Pontiac. Oilier. Main Ht.
rv
SflAWVILLE, 0.
There arrived in Ottawa last wevk for. the Canada Atlantic Railway, two ( f u class of eight largo locomotives built by the Baldwin Iron Woika of Philadelphia The engine# are veritable iron giants, weighing lot) tons each, and standing 11 feet in height. They are of the four cylinder, consolidated type, and arc tilted with tun wheels. These engines arc de signed to effect a mat keel saving in fuel and water. They Invj a hauling capacity of 1,400 tons, whereas the present engines the MachwaBX-i division arc only capable of taking a 1,100 ton load account of their treat weight, the bridges have, where necessary, bjen strengthened. To provide for their accommodation at Depot Harbor, a 7"> foot turn-table was also brought along. It was built by the Dominion bridge company, of Lachine, and will he forwarded to the terminus at The locomotives were built at a
?
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOHH SMITH, Proprietor.
S
?
5
ESTABLISHED 1886.
Peerless Values,	À
Grand Money-Saveis ! | The Shawville
FACTORY.
SISII iiml
IMMIR
Without doubt the largest and best selected stock of Ladies’ Jackets ever offered in Shawville at prices most startling. No necessity of going to the city for your fall jacket when you can get the newest and latest productions right at home.
Prices range from $2.50 to SIO
The spot spot for
V
JOB PRINTING
\ Fashionably: Haih Vi t
All kinds t.f Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly Hi tended to.
(loon Sit x.Mpoo, on A ( li:an Siiavl.
i I
ILL KI
on
y
JOHN A. COWAN
On
Xô' Your Turn next
mt
Interior & Exterior
Publisher


Agent for The STAR LAUNDRY of Ottawa.
Article» to In- huimlrinl forwarded every
Tuesday morning.
•s >-
FINISH FOR U
Houses & Verandahs
m
Business Cards.
WkàM
MEDICAL.
M AM FAI TL'Kl
F. M.A. McHaughtori, l.\.,	District and Country.
DOORS, SAMI, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED i	LUMBER. Ac. &. .
once
cost of $11,500 each, and are the equal of any on the continent.
High Grade Dress Fabrics.
l
r<l«;r
Kept
Ll MB Eli PRESSED AT POPULAR PRICES
GRADUATE OF Ml’GiU. I NIVERS! I X
An epidemic of typhoid fever, duo to W ill occupy the oltlcv of Ur. II. II. Knox j impure well water, has broken out in
Brantford, Ont.

Child Burned to Death on Thoin-8011*8 Hill —On Thutsday afternoon las*, a tad accident happened in Thum-aonville. The seven year old daughter of Mr. Frank Keizer, was playing with other children of the neighborhood. One, a boy named Drigas, either teasingly « r playfully held out a burning cigarette he had made of paper and cedar whittling», and the Ht mes caught the child’s dress. She cried to him to put out the blaze, but fiom fear he did not do this. 1 ho child’s mother win a wav bony picking, and now ablaza and thoroughly a thigh ted she tan towards the house * f Paul Skibo. Mrs. Skibo heard the child’s crie.-, and in to see what was the matter. The
r twice on her
way, and it was a moment or two bvforu , Mrs. Skibo c -uld make out what it was i
e r HIHIHIH
l w hat was the matter she i ushed
MHTŒDIE& HODGINS.
during hU absence
James Duyle, a working man, died
", in a street row in
Estimate# furnished
We are acknowledged Ceaders In
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M-, |
o
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University. Toront examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
J, Il A i : i 8 ' Hot MAIN hi HE ET - - till AWVILI.E.
ALL WOOL SERCES—all the leading shades,
BLACK LUSTRE—brocaded in several patterns,
. BLACK FIGURED LUSTRE,
FANCY TWEED EFFECTS for Fail vv:ar.
BOX and COVERT CLOTHS —all the leading colorings.
ALL WOOL BENGALEE.
Exclusive agents for PRIESTLEY’S Famous
Black Goods.
THE HULL ELECTEE CP.
Mrs. Watson, of Freeport, near Berlin, tint., was burned to death on Thursday by lighting her lire with coal oil.
Intelligence was received at Ottawa last wv. k of tho <howning of Mr. Frank Richards, an employee of the \ ukon telegraph construction company.
The North Renfrew exhibition will be held at Bench burg on October 5th and •v.h; S -uth Renfrew fair fit Renfrew on September 28 Ji and 2t)»h*
Thu L yal True B’ue Association have openud an Orphan's homo at INctun, Out., which it to bo open to orphan thil-drt ti wit In ut distinction of creed or color.
Fellow l.y-
Oni- K AM> ItFSII KS( K
Of I
Car
tne morning and fifteen m noon, dally, Sundays lu-
LEGAL
v ith nil C ton-
B0UBBE6O RAINVILLE, L. L, L
so connections an- n lian I'a •’iflo :md Gatin* an Valley trains at Hull
(
)
1 with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer
ran i
little one stumbled once
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
Shaw ville every Monday
Baggage promptly handled
)
W. II. TAYLOR.
WILL VISIT
Soc.-Treas
But as soon as she
R'l
WM- GAMBLE,
realize
for a pail of water and dashed it over ilm blazing clothing. But h;o l tv. After a few hours’ su flying the little ono sue* i hud to the severity of the turns.--Renfrew Mercury.
*v«z »r	>H* >r*v

BARRISTER, &o.,
•I,	### A lé I A MS
IStevens Rifles
Imvo got
1 Pavement C r- v the laying of U>,0<H) fpet wa ki m Renfrew. The Guelph I *.» vi m ut Cm puny Imvo at the pivfeiit time men employed at Ur; mp-fop, Mount Forest, Odtuwa and Aylmer, in putting down walk*.—Guelph Men
The <
Hull.
»»
15D Main Stiiekt,
the cudrac •f v. ment
eut
Our ITmltiss avrait your inspection.
At shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
over G. F. Hodgtns’ Store, Main St.
Proposed Railway From Ottawa
to Brock ville.
cm
C. F. HODGINS’
Departmental Store.
*
iliTIint Mct'OXXELL.
4 TTOKNEY AT liAW, Main St. Mull, I cuiy •X une, w 111, At ret, lient, a î rend a l leour t s lu the •list rl«*t. All lorrespoudeuct prompt*
,yvV?;* nJatsha twill, first Thursday o leach month.
< are guaranteed to be
? 4
SAFE, SOLID, ;;
A new line of railway between Ottawa uni Brut k ville is pr»j cted, and the usual application will be made at the next ses
The In.*, which w


\mmrf t u* the uiLsmn t v is Dr I iuv.
\u
M
I
named
me: : McGill l ni'
M
ACCURATE,
stun of parliament who will backed by local capital will be an it de anatomy, pendent une, and lurnisli direct ennee-iini «jiiiu- dun with 1» ruck ville, and with the < » rand tml 1 rvnk system east and west of that cen
1. n
A VUVST
V\
:,1,1 \|. Chuicli he onu of the <i Dr\ Church it
*
it
-, Fronî 1hc
i
lull
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
y
Elliott & Bailor’s
i
in
ml circl
il upon as a faculty. 1>;\
f Dr. I ! lurch, of * >t-
THE LIFE
H
GENTS WaNTI I> FOR
Achlf-vriurntH oZ the world
t til
A
advocate, barrister,
230 Main St, - Hui!, Que »
lte Court House.)

, McGill i i 1 ». lditiun to th
nml
ter
greatest
naval lei nag
Mr. George Kidd, of the fit in »f Kidd Dewey	, n.(Mf.;nl llu
an i Jones, the 1 gal reptchcntative of the	and admirer of the nation's idol. 1
no .v company, when aveu by aOV % m r< - urp,S| and best hook ; over
pur nr last Thursday declined to commun- | V/» -Vs* ” * o n ?v ‘î .¦ io.ite any information for pub tuition, r>om missions. Outfit
that it would be premature to do , -irmrn^	.Chicago
Fn m other s-urcus it was learned, however, that the \ r .ject although an itide pent eut one, had the support <
Grand Trunk, as it Wuuid give that lit e an entiance into Ottawa t nd place
an equal f mting with »he V. P. K. qFA A	Q
and V. A. U. in that respect. I hu: the j JLJ	tfitiaWWi
trailic to Toronto, M mtreal, N»w Y » i k and oilier outside points would bo bid for by all three. Thu project will 1 ku!y be aircugly supported lit parliament and vs strongly opposed by rival companies.
The distante to Bruckvillu by way tf Smith’s Kails is 73 miles, but the new line will reduce it considerably. The line will run between the C. V. U. t0 Prescott and the same company s hue t Brock ville by way <*f Smith's Pad*. It will open up a rich agricultural country and the local tratii.* promises to be good.
J The " IDEAL ” No. 41 is a fine rifle. A ; ONE OF OI K LEADENS, price only $10. T Weguaranteeit in every respect. Noth- ? « ing cheap about it but the price.	» <
Made regularly In .22. .23 and ,32cal- * |
23-20 STKVKN8, .33-10
it
Church M triwa.
tistit «
SHAWVILLE.
(Old Registry Oftl
Law business in District ot Pontiac attend
ed tu.
VV<
s.x
png, -
pages halftone ill» mous hemnml lhanee
Dominion Com
tst va -. Big
X
Kt
Smith, returned V» wttk after an absence of minus a f »«»t, which lie
B it hcr D w. or
Mifit. W la
l
i f*

u
Plaqing, Matching Dressing
some \ ears and •aid he lust by disease of the bone. A day or two after he proceeded to tie his .•luihe# line to a neighbor woman’s fence. She ot j c*cd and threatened to chop U down. He responded that ho would shoot her »f ah»* cud, and presented a re volvcr
w. W. IRELAND,
i!»ro rliu-firi
.1 .	3	41-40center-Sre
V IN SPECIAL SIZES, 612.00.
so

Clerk of the District Magistrates* Cov
it
f i he
Go to
Send stamp fnr complete Catalog and
I IuhU Book.
£
Deeds
factor! ly.
t j. STEVENS ASMS AND TOOL CO.,
*	— ¦^P.O.Box
it on
QUE
SHAWVILLE
The Chief was notified and the " Piofessor ” was soon before Magistrate McDonald. On charges of carrying a ru vulver and of pointing a revolver ho was committed to gaol for t hi tty days each or two months in all.
*
4.
CHICOPEE FALLS, MASS,
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
enzagementsforany business 1 u connection with all Courtst» the County. < ollect.ons in idea nd proiupt retu ru MNSured
and

For anything and every-
in the line of ¦ - -
Stoves,
thing
'^vVlAVVWAfWt VW
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
Tinware,
LUMBER OF ALL KINDS
done at
reasonable rates.
Joseph Turcotte, son of Xavier Turcotte, of Pettewawfi township, was trolling in the Pettewawa river, in front of his own door, on Aug. 15th. W hen near the mouth of the Black Bay Creek he caught a munster fish ou his troll. The troll small, the line light, and the little
GENERAL
Furnaces,
Cistern Pumps, Roofing or Evetroughing.
To buy well, watch the latest prices and in. formation in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
»	Samples Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto,
J. J. TURNER,
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
Pontiuc. Sale*conducted In a bu*i ness-tike and satisfactory manner. Goods or articles of any kind taken and disposed of by pub do or private sale on reasonable term . 1 unite sales conducted at Hhawvllle once a month, a variety of articles ahveys on hand for sale; Util ce : Hiawville, Que.
was
bark canoe in which the boy sat was very tottUsh; but the buy was active and understood how to manage the monster, and had him an easy victim by playing out slack and drawing in when he got a chance, and help came just about the time the big fish was exhausted. The fish, (a maskilonge) weighed twenty-nine and one half \ ou nils.
all demand» supplied for
ROUGH AND DRESSED LUMBER.
all notes will be paid
Jobbing and Repairing
WM. BARBER
J. G. ELLIOTT
soon
t
Ville Marie Funds Sufficient For
Purpose.
Montreal, Aug. The statement
ned by the two officers of local ppointeil to investigate the condition of the note circulation of the Ville Marie Bank is understood to show that the large sum of $52,000 had been charged by the bank for expenses of getting its notes into circulation.
An interesting question, involving the sum of $20,000, is engaging the attention of the executors of a certain estate. '1 he estate is down for 200 shares of the hank’s stock, which were originally given by Mr. Weir as collateral security for a loan If the estate holds them merely in trust, it will not be affected by the double liability clause, but if the transfer absolute, there will follow a direct loss of $20,000.
It is believed by bankers that the assets of the bank will pay the whole of the circulation, large as it is, but that the depositors wiJJ probably get nothing.
The last statement of the directors of the Banque Ville Marie to the government have the paid-up capital as $479, 000, and mentioned the fact that there was$210,000 of stock in the vaults of the bank in trust, and in “ suspended issue.’
Liquidator Garand was asked if this $210,000 was part of the paid up capital
of $479,000.
“ Yus, it is
handed over to the bank by some of
H

Court Shawville,
No 276.
An Earthquake

I.O.F
r
Always creates a lot of excitement. Incidentally wo might remark that our splendid and well selected stock of general merchandise is creating a like amount of excitement amongst the purchasing public, the cause being our very low prices.
TS
'
WM
a
Meets the 4th Wednes Jay of every mouth.
Court dues must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially luvilcd.
H. e. Barnett, F.8
s a
Brantford, Ont., Aug. 25 —A nasty lire occurred at two o’clock this afternoon at the Brantford Varnish Factory, owned by ticarfe and Co. The fire broke out in the cooling room, where a cauldron of black Japan varnish was cooling. The vapor from the hot varnish is sup posed to have come in contact with a fire in the next room, through a crack under the door. In a moment the whole room was a sea of red flame. Two men, Isaac A ski n and Ed. Johnston, were in the room at the time and were hemmed in by the fire. Bith made a dash for the door, climbing over some barrels en route, and managed to escape, but not before they were painfully burned and their eyebrows singed. The damage will be small.
Two slick gentlemen swindled James Connell, a farmer who lives near Prescott, out of ten thousand dollars last
Neatly and promptly executed at low prices. Good workmanship guaranteed.	i
L.B.C
liifilfi
UigUwt references furnished.
MARION A MARION PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
Association, Asaoc. Member Can.
J. A. Cowan, R S
Hugh HobU3, C. R
DALE BROS.
The Farmer
HOTELS.
SHAWVILLE, QUE-
_____ Highest Prices paid lor Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Eggs.
will find us prepared to supply his every need. We have everything he requires from a plough to a suit of clotl
The Housewife
St. Lawrence Hall,
p. s.
• J
108
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
j

was
1\ o. Rut vevors Society of Civil Engineer».
( NEW YORK LIFE BLDO.. MONTREAL CAN OFFICES: , ATLANTIC 2UÎLDIÎIC., WASHINGTON, D.C.
f
FARM FOR SALE
Will also be pleased to learn that our stock of groceries and household necessities was never so large and complete. We have everything she may require to make the home happy and comfortable.
HI At a Bargain«HiV
¦*
For ïurther p«tteutarH BJPjj
Bon field P.O., Out.
pfjUTIAC HOUgF
50 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
week and immediately skipped across the river to Ogdensburg, and whence inland. The men lmd been stopping at Daniel’s hotel for the lwst few days, and every morning each hired a separate rig and drove into the country, presumably looking over farms and cheese factories, in which Mr. Connell has large interests ( )ne story is to the effect that the men had offered Connell an enormous sum for a farm aud cheese factory which they wanted to hny. They were to return and pay him the cash, but in the meantime both parties were to put up bonds to the amount stated above, which were to be placed in a tin box. Connell was to hold the box and one of the men the key. In some
mixed with a similar one containing a stone, and Mr. Connell received the
latter.
if



In Conclusion,

H

Suffice it to Bay we have everything usually kept in an up-to-date general store.

M
TfrimWr*' Trade Marks
Designs
* F?"" 1 Copyrights Ac.
K?,: i;
"Kfist fc Khf' ÎÎ5STK».
gpecicU iiotke, without charge. In the
Scientific American.
11 e said :
It consists of stock which
its debtors at the time of re-organization
It was placed in the vault and is jiart of the $479,000.
SILAS YOUNO
Starke’s Corners.


!
in 1879

PROPERTY FOR SALE.
I

Dr. It. Rinfret, M. P., for Lotbiniere, has been appointed Inspector of Cotton * for Quebec.
The loss entailed by the recent hurlist Porto Rico is estimated tobj over
$76,000,000.
The undersigned offers for sale lus de-
¦ ituated on Main street, * the Bank. For terms
To PATENT Good Ideas
wKiteraSsIi*
si raide property sit Shawville, oppositt and particulars apply to
may be secured by our aid. Address,
THE PATENT RECORD.
Baltimore, Md
manner the box with the money got
SILAS YOUNG, Parkmau P. O.
SHAWVILLE, P.Q
C. CALDWELL, • •
cane
Bra
rn&mS
proprietor

###PAGE###6###


r
/

%

RESULTS AT THE HAGUE.
tnia may rightly be called at'eldent* hapecl his destiny, Souuv tiifhng I
:ES£‘3«£fir I * sr= tzrzaz r
to contact with nn eccentric old gen *****	The Peaaoe Congress has done some- The Newfoundland Legislature hee
Iaman of the neighbourhood, who had Buffalo** Mg exposition—and if only thing to render warfare more humane juat imssed an act wtuirh will ee hailed
ur eon »mt bU>«* him'» The raSalnn6	°“ T"* Uun Tx ^ half the promises of the manage n \ |aa* barbarous than it ha* been with satisfaction bj all sportsmen.
Bon father bowed hie head and kiss	which he be»towmï his” bounty* ' ^h!'	,1H'nt ere reaUzed It will be in	every	If hae ft|*o provided in the permanent	By It the hunting g main da of the la-
ed hi* innocent child» while, with his	lust act of the kind which hid been	iv®l*ct a big affair—will be the	ocean-	,, Miration tribunal a great instru	land will bo thrown open to men of
unfettered aim, he clasped closer to I talked of, was hi* Htocking a small b>n of w hti t will doubtless bo a most m n( (or securing peace among moderate mon ne and limited holiday
.ÏZrW Ur"	for In' Tg^hlm'^Z ^.TundrJd "IHIT	^	U.« fee exacted by
innt ; the I usband and the father pro- i> unds to begin nvith. to whom he h id m . ll0®*	| Much haa b*rn left undone. Militar- the authorities for permission to aboot
ailed « v*i the hardened criminal; and never spoken till he called up..n him Niagara Fails will be transformed îsm hftM been allowed to triumph («ribou has btwn #100 for seven head
ta hear of David owned that lie was to announce his intention. But he into a flood of fire. The seething, Armajn n(H have not been redu ed on —five stag* and two does
nviLr U/va if bTth’mïht'It b»cTmv ibWl?,.^TadT"!'*	*l“ J*	W WilP ",'“"on	°f !,h'W hflB -ub-lttuted . graded
hi m! to play the churl, even at such a	little garden which was attached to	D‘* 11116 ne "l*6111*11111, 1111	s *	peace remains the theory and practice	license, na follows:* For $10 a license
in uMeitit, or that iio should lose char	his cottage ; and had learned, upon	,'rlttl^ve natural grandeur of the	svene I	j |.;uroj)r< Private property, either	•» granted, good for one month, per-
EE-EB5-—E	— -F ^rrrk:^ z rr
Hid muttered, ns he turned away, mgs. it was Edmunds good fortuno '°me,l( lba 1 s MKC,',8S W	1 lu time, and many other reforms in the created to three stags nnd one doe,
•111 iv—vve have had on,ugh of th * to attract the notice of Squire Jone. exp<>m,i,>n nn eveul in ^^^y.	rflalluIV4 of nations have been put a«d the p*ru*l is extended to six
u< naenge^ ,	_________ m the way described ; and it was not The Idea is to erect a series of tall ,	weeks ; while for SSD * two months’
»	%zzi tsua sr.ixsuæxs:	» >— «— - - «-*«- «— *...................................................................................—>-.	*¦«
of th * officers of the prison entered ing a few question! about him. The	.	ed the work of civilisation, and the B> kill five stags and two does. These»
thv yard, and ordered the convicts* to good old man spoke with pride und nf h,'a® 1 ,*y.ei,L™8	k'U'Uir apa"Mmii! nn.um of peace and good-will on "cent's can be obtained from any mag-
, ^... ^, mmm mmmâ mm* m \
«vStæmmkssfï ist'« u's.2$=s,‘.°.*•.«.~sbA tx„r	vs&ss ~±,";%zrr:c%%;"%"r,t- »-»-¦>««•*
last farewell of one who, cr minai and ho* thwi led Hee or tut. lie had been float like a worthless weed upon the are brought to bear ui*m the rushing I	'h i.H—i JnLi I J hvtw are la briof ; Not to kill deer
churlish! as he was, was still her hua- a ailvnt and a sud s|xctat»»r of the in- stream of time/*—**He ahall he plant- waters as they tumble irresistibly over i '' ¦ * ‘	_ h t : I of season; not to have In one’s pos-
SS~3~ ïS—HSSks-s—j-- StïaS5£="F-=”s
b«' intende.l aooompanying her himself, permit to,I bvr to witness the actual likely to thrive. I «Jvill cull «gum to- search lights. s„ that now the falls war V..®!,. .®nl nom ratile more deer tnan ivovulvd by the license; He f. und her weeping over her last departure of her husband. Her emo morrow. By that time make your will bo RkW inHten silver, again <>	^	'
in hi* twofold character of her spirit-	not those deep and maddening emo-	Church, at Oxford, the great ambition	ThH astonishing*effect will be still fur-	1 ih(t d.- jsi.xn* of the arbitration tribu- arms. The employment of non-resl-
ual and paternal monitor, he applied	turns which lacerate the heart, when a	of his youthful mind, upon an ample	ther heightened by the use of electric	”ll- l,ut t he moral forces ol civilian- dent guides, bearers or laborers is
h mscMf to assuage the sorrow which beloved object is torn from it for ever, allowance secured to him bv Squire i arv lights in the Dave <if the Winds, B*'® ,UP h‘ in.	.	. .	, p)>>hâijited except under a special lio-
was their fruitful source.	An<t	he	jc was impossible they should be	Jones, in such a way as nothing but	whir-h will give to the water a* it fall*	Europe remain* a circle	of barracks	eiuie,	for	whhh	#25 Is charged,	but	at
had/ the consolation to observe, ere	be	But Hester hid stood nt the altar with !	Ids own miscondu t could forfeit	in froilf t>f it a w ird idiosphores ent I	^nd garns<>ns. The ogre	of militar-	nuaubers	uf	competent	local	guides
departed, that Hester was to far tran- I)aVid. She was a wife, lie was her If Edmund was the pride of his	The power for this record mak-	m full armor and with spiked and other attendants can bo bad at
qu*1 and resigned, as	to	discourse	husband,. She was a mother. He was I	grandfather, he was no less the idol I	‘,LR Illumination will be all within	helmet, is still a commanding figure	low	rate	of	wages	thui	should	pot
c.i inly upon h r approaching inter-	the» fathtvr of her children. Ill usage	of his mother, who w ould eometimes	oa‘XV reach, as Niagara will itself be	in the Europe of to-day ; yet it is true,	oix rate	as	n	hardship	upon	any	visit-
vuwv with David.	may destroy all the finer sympathies	think that Heaven had bestowed su b	mad^ do all the necessary work.	hat in consequence of the work of the
In this fiam 1 of mind	he	left her,	w hich hallow those relations in a wo-	a treasure upon her in compensation	This is expected to be largely a j 1 e ice CongreM, the nations «land in
and in this frame of mind	he found	man's gentle and affectionate nature;	for what It had taken away Perhaps	KlwAaculfcr nrmUitg.wnent, but scien-	ess dread of the .sjiectre	of war..and
h r the following morning,	when	at	but it is death alone.-or its equiva- I	her lovo for Edmund was somewhat ,	lisls h"Ve to disxivor something new	have a large faith in the	resources of
1 he early hour of five, she met him	ltxnt, eternal separation in this world,	heightened, by the circumstance that	ûbout lilP effect of light on water, and	peace. It cannot be the same ru-pioi-
•® h V1 ’*** A^eed ul)ou* a; the loot	_tbat run m iko her feel she has no	she had lost her first child when only	m;ik* a nPW 9llidy exf liu* chemistry of	ou*, jealous and resentful world when
of the gentle ascent that rises	longer a husband, and her children no	four years old. nnd he had become	co,lor* This ha* been done to some ex-	a great founu! representing all
abruptly fre m the site of the pm-	I.vngs'r a father. And when that feel-	therefore, her only one; but, in truth*	tent wifh elpitrio fountains, but Nia-	Christendom has sanctioned a reason-
turesque ruinsi of fmtern lAbbey She	, {_ doea come, it will wring the bosom	his own affectionate disposition his in-	Ga™ will offer an entirely new field,	able and practical method of averting
v h oh the still .rupair^i health and	=ot 'wh;ch sbc h:ld Occupied since	Heater was a fond mother, though not
delicate frame of Hosier was hardly	her marriage was given up; and the	a weak ,m„ hhe looked forward with
sufficient They set forth II ster	Produce of the little furniture it eon-	dejected feelings to ahe now approach-
waning for support upon -her father,	tainod, when soi,I, her husband** cred-	mg moment of her first separation
ha vim*, at his suggestion, transferred	Bor * allow<»i her to keep out of res-	from her dear boy; but ahe was too | compels e\erydocton_after_dark
her sleepfmg baby to the care of hor	J.' ' 1 f ,r herself, an I p:tv for her mis-	Kiatefu ly conscious of the benefit he	jiaDg Up in front of his house as muny I	New Hebrides when they see anything
mgm#
rich msadowti and green «teeps which fVMU at?f of tijei daughters of'some ono eiHe had done so. She could not red by tlw large number of lamps ex-	-—- art> f.(> 4o found ui the vast tracts ol
s &	sr-ZüLSfLtsSLSfi&Ss	*' ",T T TT*TTtTT*-.
turesque iittle hamlet of Brook-Weir •	^11 h u drawing uj on her lath- prison, down to that of which we are B .imping about for sevtral hours, he I he wool on the back of a sheep la occasional hunt of. The doer are in
the sm ioih translucent bay formed by	Sr,a 8 vn' p 1 ™,'anS|	aild	in the peace-	nuw speaking, no tidings of him had	came to the house of a doctor where	a r-hepherd's barometer. The curlier	countless	herds, and those In the col-
the Wye, in front ef the romantically-	! , ivn'ia. rfl.L Mx,	reached her. Neither he nor old Mor-	only thn*e I mp s shed a melancholy	th<i wool the finer will be the weath-	who	have most closely observed
EEEESSm .	«SfêH SUT£LT=r JSJT5 Se-ÏM-SMC
of the Castle of St Briavels ; the white	a * ,not, .e:lsV>' bo. r°““d- was. that ho had arrived safely at New | thus excellent m.in. wakened him, and j deceived, and if they are true, of tl‘ma tc> l^ovide the finest sjwrt for
eails of small vessels occasionally ghd-	an 1 gledes intermixed - tiouth Wales. Edmund, when a child, took him off to his lodgings.	hating people not worth thinking tho hunters trf Europe and America
iug along, the solemn stillness of the ! î° adopi 1 he language of one w^ho has	wuU|d often talk of his father, merely	! “I presume you are the best practi-	al)uut -Montesquieu.	when every other accessible hunting
whole scene, and it« surpassing ma g ni-	Devn Pnll[tced. an oracle in all that	because the word was constantly up-	Boner in this city?” he said to his com-	_	ground has been depleted. It must
flcenc*. might drive away, for a time, p^ceins the picturesque.— 'the wind- on the lips of his pl:i>imates, and be- paniou as they went along.	*	be remembered that the 200,000 people
*ll memory of past grief, and extin- ,ng , th® river.—the variety of the caU4P be saw they had fathers. jBut "What makes you think so?’*	GEESE SHOD IN BOHEMIA.	who inhabit Newfoundland live round
gu *h all sense of present wretched- I If^und,—the splendid rum, contrasted as bü grew older, and began to reflect, "Because you have only three lan-	. Its coastline and that three miles from
naeti. The face of sorrow reflects the	wlth the objects of	nature,	and the	a thousand little circumstances pre-	terns hung over your door, while all	Bohemian geese which are driven	high water mark there is nx*t a set-
piacid smile of surrounding nature ;	e,e*rant ,Iine formed	by	the	summits	rented themselves to his mind, which !	J(>ur colleagues have dozens displayed	long distances to market, are shod be-	tic ment.	The rest uf the 42,(XX) square
th** bruidod heart catches her repose ;	!be btU* w hich includes the whole convinced him there was some mystery, I on their house fronts."	fore starting on the Journey by being müe,s	island is given up to the
aind. thk3 weary spirit revives, beneath	£1? lke ajtog(l!her a very enchanting	though he knew not what, that hung	j 'Ah! is that the reason?" calmly re-	gent repeatedly over	patches	of	tar	wild animals, which include bears,
those feelings which lift It to the Di-	|n‘ C0.Jo^ry. Everything around	over bis infancy. ? Once, und only	plied the pig-tailed Celestial. ' The	mixed with sand. This	forms	a hard	wolves, foxes, lynx, caribou and hares,
vine Author of ao much loveliness, 'rcatbes m air so calm and i ranquil, once, he asked his not her, "Who is my j foot is. I only lately set up in prao- crust on the feet, enabling the geese 1 be bes* time fur sportsmen to visit while gazing with silent gladness, up- a.® sequesteied from the commerce of | father f And where is he ? But the tlce* and have had but three patient*.'» to travel over great distances.	}be ^siand	month of September.
Oin its refreshing features.	1 ll“* that it is easy to conceive a man j siivn( agitation of Hester, for she could	1 he best rutile is that by rail to North
:::	0„,„M
,e to»-» -..... «. E„„,.d. ™	tZTZiz,Z — m ™Jtt&srs:
-saîa ™ slsssüi?. a --	-• Z'	... »r. lli }:r.iro»”f
wi'th bier husband. It was well she such a sc<nc would his warm imagina- made in his studies, and the character j m-turning CUI customs are almost iden- tury and a quarter old.	of the deer country. At Bay of levied ded to this desire ; for had there lion have been allured, and he himself I he bore for strict propriety of conduct, tlcal with theirs. Of course, no one	_-	lands, about t wo-tinrtls of the way,
bettn, the further delay of but half an have become a mopk of holy Tintern. well justified the munificent liberality oan lay down an absolute rule as to	_	„	guides, canoe* and all the other ao-
hour, the object of her journey would It was his supreme delight, while yet of his patron. Bui, he was denied one th lontrtu of tLme onc wiii wear cra	LENS OF THE EYE.	ressorte* to a successful him mg trip
PÆïr.ISA e?v$ & « «- ««*•	*— a -,	........	2;w,,.
what was first intimated to the prison- od thickets, the solitary glens, and the pi ay of his scholastic attainments. The have much to do with i hat, and the body which continues to increase in | visit the island, because then the
ss tÆfsf îs2S£j?y?s	« aii» ÆïïA'sr.sf <3s I	?aviraKiS!.‘S£as5.is
transport appointed to receive them hind of nature. It was no less his de- the gradual decay of nature, rather I	,	.	is tbt crystal line lens of the eye.	for ,tr.OUt,ur sa*moz1, No fee is exhaving received peremptory orders to light to linger round the ruins of the than from the inroads of disease, not bum )er lubes Illllcb le88 tbti reminder	—- acted by the oolo<ny for any form of
Bad immiMliately. Due notice of this venerable abbey as the shadows of long after he had seen the wish nearest of our loss than strict observance of	SHAKESPEARE'S LAM.BS.	Hl*»r ex <*pi ¦ <*-ir Punting; tno trout
chang ; was given to them all., that evening descended upon them, or when bis heart realised. Edmund, was with custom would have it.	,	..	..	aa,Dlotl rivers n re free to all; and
££	rrüHTïs; s-nss tu&ssi ar «•	..szxzz,” r-5 lsw'zx
Rîurga a did	not	trouble himself	about	, b.inr radis n*e through the ivy-wreath-	phatically told him [how he could have	wu,ow a- 11 i« m uns piact ically un-	and	the helplessness of the	Iamb, only mg	piece
th * ma• ter ;	and	when Hester,	with her	j ed windows. At such moments, his	loved and how mourned—a father 1	altered for a year and a day, and then	once	cites	it as an	article	of	food.	caribou snooting ,-m-. equally available
ch Id in her arms, presented herself at imig.nation wvu'd carry him back to By the interest of his benefactor, who, she can give up crepe, but as a rule	—	““u kTu , ^ lng‘ A
E9“£H~EsHrirÆ1”z,:1
tbene,	and wh o all the ih*inp and solemnity	merely, gradually assuming the better	dead, wears deep crepe for the first
of a religion which inflamed the mind	quality of a permanent desire to be-	three months, lessened crepe for the
by the seduction of the senses, reign- friend him. the curacy of Tintern was next Lbre6f fuii black for the remained in sacred grandeur beneath its	reserved for his (benefit, when he
roof. Sometimes he wou'd people the	should be duly qualified, by ordina-
ruin witht he creationt of his heated	tion. to assume its pastoral functions.
fancy, summon from Up ir graves the	Meanwhile, the place of Mr. Lloyd was	sister	is,	crepe for	three	months,	plain
shadowy forms of holy m m who had	supplied by a neighbouring clergy-	black	for tw0	months	and half mourn-
died there in ages past, and hlaf be-	man, to whom the fatigues of double
'.'eve he saw the visions of his brain	duty were sweetened by something be-
yond the allotted stipend, out of the purse of Squire Jones.
CARIBOU HUNT IN NEWFOUNDLAND
TO ILLUMINATE NIAGARA.
cir
The First and Last Kiss.
Iim'H	Hay Kc»#If Irene th* rear
I’ARfrltHM,
« «Ileehil Oovrremcel Itnlerc* the ll**oe# Fee lineiim»* Herds of Iw* âuimiit*-
•She had visited him several times in its father, she exclaimed, in a scarcely ja'I bv«\at# his trial, and administered articulate voice, "Kiss It, too, David, «. h m .ill the comfort and consolation —kiss wh.vji# it wart in bcu power to bestow, or m his nature to receive; for it dis tressed her much to fini that he ran ni Assied great hardness of heart, and that he was alike insensible to her êufferiiigs and his own disgrace. Ilut *iht* had not eeen h in since his trial.
Sb*> hid not, indeed, been able to gei so fir, for her recovery, after lying in, was slow ; an I she was extreme!) feeble and delicate, when, at the expirât ion of about six weeks, she learn ed. by a harsh letter from her brutal husband, that if she "wanted to see h in again," she must go to Monmouth bel" *ru a day named, as he was on that day to be conveyed, with other convicts, to the seaport whence they were to can bn r k for Now Sou! h Wales. She did wish to see him again; and it was cm ft he following morning of that very F.ibbath evening, in the mouth of July, when her father set forth to visit her, as already mentioned, that she intended to do so.
For this

41
nut to snare, trap or pit caribou, nor
uigsixxrtaroan. In any burning party all doer killed by the employees counts as if killed by t'hio principals, and every licensee on receiving hia permit; pledges bkneelf to endeavor to remove tire carcass or flesh of any deer he may kill and not use for food into some town or settlement witbin ten days The reason for this is that a few yea n ag<» a party of British fru-ni the warships on the station slaughtered
val officeri



THREE LAMPS
HISSING TO AITLAUSE
OVER 100 CARIBOU
Hissing means different things, nr- nrnr a ford on the northwest const
cording to where you happen to be at and,	removing the heads une
antlers frera the finest stags left all
the meat to rot unburied, with the ro suit that toe deer have coimpletel; abandoned that region gulatiou prevents the possibility of i
Uni They Turned Oui lo Be To Rerom
inenriiilton After All.

A somewhat vexations law in China the time
In West Africa the natives to hiss when they are astonished; in the

Tiie now n>
I
4
JE*
The guides engaged for
with sufficient strength to resist the bursting power of frozen water.
RIVAL OF OPIUM
She told her business in a faltering voice, and was conducted by the turnkey to an inner yard, where were assembled about a dozen men, whoee •oowling looks and ferocious countenances terrified her. They were mustered preparatory to removal. Among th*ni stood David and old Morgan, band cuffed together, as were the others Hester did not perceive them at | embodied before his eyes first; but as they slowly upproacbed**MJ*6**J^B^*H her, she recognized her husband, and burst into tears. She was shocked at b‘s altered appearance, for he was now ™ aught of ancestry may 'be believed.
Descending angels have conversed with men,
And tola the secrets of the world unknown.
A Smoke That Produce* Wore Kxlillrtrat lua Effect* Than I hr llrug.
HIS CONDITION
Lng year.
A sister's mourning for a brother or
Mrs. Peck—What condition did you ceme home in this morning?
Mr. Peck—Madam, 1 came home in a | prison officials experience great diffi hack, if you please
In Southern Mexico the gaol and
culty in trying to prevent the smuggle ing into their Institutions of the seductive mariguana.
This ia a kind of "loco" weed, more
i*ng for one month.
A mother's mourning for a son or daughter is about a year, that period differently divided according to personal inclination "Deep crepe three months, slightly less six months, black for three months,"
(A man at 21 may be a fool at 40.
An idle rumor ia nearly always a falsehood.
In tiu<*h a place as this, at such an hour,
To be Continued.
The Queen says,
j *
powerful than opium. It grows from The- truly great politician ia one who I b* cultlion <“ Southern Anz-
iî’ œ - jsrr ar cfürz :
monU»»-tbfli ie. orepe lor ihree, black own	of che prieia «I ïuim. 1», ju.t u«-
without crepe three, and half mourning *No man 011 ^rth is wise enough to earth**! a large quantity of the vied three months. The Queen advises be trusted with unlimited power. 1 {*at had been hidden within reach of
3ss£.«: *=AS1** -r ' " *
been an unusual affection the English
of black for three months is quite in,	..	...	,
good form, and excuses you from social wore evidently written with a decol-
Iife in which you may take little in- 1<vte P60,
terest. The Queen, voicing the senti- When a man has a clear field It ment of English people, declares, "You means there Is nothing else in It. should wear mourning for your hue- When he has a clear head-well. that’s band’s relations, as for your own.” different.	,	,
FAMQH3 CHAIRS
hair cut clone to his head. She was still more shocked at beholding ibe ir ci manacles which bound him to his
She could not apeak was silent. David, in a hard, unfeeling tone, while not a feature of his face relaxed from its rigid harshness, merely said, "You are come at last; I th light you might have found your way here a little sooner." Hester could only reply by pointing to her baby, with a look of beseeching anguish, which seemed to say, "Do not upbraid me,—you forget I have given birth to this Innocent." The mute appeal appeared to touch him, for he book her bawl, and gazing for a moment upon fts thin white fingers, and the blue veine that were not used to be so visible, till sickness had made thorn so, he kissed it iv iter—leaned against her husband’s bomm—and raising the Infant towards his lips, whw little sparklln closed theme* I v
V
Old Morgan
of the great deceased. Chairs are great attractions with such folk, and
At the period now described, Edmund Morgan was in his thirteenth year.
He was no common boy ; and his grand- when put up for sale generally bring a
father, who had watched the dawn- respectable price, ings of his Character, moral and intellectual, prided himself! upon his cultivation of both. Enthusiasm was its basis. In whatever he engaged, it the "Last Days of Pompeii/ only real-
was with tho whole energy of his ni- ized $65. An admirer of Mrs. Siddons tare. It may be supposed, threrfore, purchased her favorite chair for $85, that he quickly mastered those bran- while $59 was the cost of a similar ches of knowledge which were within article used by Charles II. That on the compass of Mr. Lloyd to teach, which Byron sat was knocked down and who was also anxious that he should have the advantages of a more comprehensive education. J was his benevolent desire to be accom plisht'd T He was tod poor to pay for it, and he Was too friendless to obtain
Accident
The seat used by Shakespears sold for $600, but that of Lord Bulwer Lytton, the author of
for $12.50, while Thackeray's chair changed hands for $17.50. Ninety-five dollars was realized by the sale of the seat on which Theodore Hook sat, while Mrs. Browning's went for $25.
Some of the modern society novels
. i	A CORRECTION*
Jatnes, said his mother, I have told you four time» now to stop making that racket.
Five, mamma, replied the youth, wh«
has a great future before him tie th*
But how
Hester drew
it from patronage .'ength, if such events In the life of
It's much easier to run up » bill Lh?wn it is to foot 1L
at
g eyes unlock upon
as if to

###PAGE###7###


/
f

individual flowers. Many of the stalks covered with flowers for a length
PEARLS OF TRUTH

ORIGIN OF LIFE INSURANCE.
wWWWVUyVWW^VlNWW dVWWWWWWWWW^j^
HOUSEHOLD. I
y OTES AND COMMENTS
were
of six and a half inches, even ten inches in some cases.
a query often put.	UHH
The snaixlragun is usually ranked as an annual—though if the plants are not allowed to exhaust themselves by blooming too freely the first year they will endure the winter and bloom a second summer. The flowers of planth meant to endure the winter should be cut freely and not allowed to form seed. A good method to employ is to short-the branches about midsummer ; cut away half of two-thirds and new shoots will start that will bloom tbe second summer.
Tho seed of the snapdragon is fine and requires only a slight covering of 22. The germination requires ten days or two weeks. Once started well, they grow robustly and throw out many side branches that terminate in spikes of bloom. I he coloring is especially rich in this plant. Hich and velvety reds and yellows, cream, white, and scarlet, with white t hroat, for the antirrhinum, is always in two colors or two shades of the same color, are among the colors it makes its own. The plants grow eight to twelve and fifteen inches in height and as they branching in habit make a brave
I here is a dwarf
HINTS FOR
THE FARMER.
Light U the symbol of truth,—Low-
rirsl RatikllihMl In l*n«lon <»» Oclo-
Ler # iHftW.
The practice of Insuring human lives first ram* Into use two hundred years ago—to be exact, on October 6, 16UV— and credit for being the first to give real life to the movement is due to the Rev. Dr. William Assbeton, of London. On the date above mentioned the insurance Society for the Benefit of Widows and Orphans was incorporated In London, Its statutes and by-lawa being framed In accordance with the sot forth in a book, which woe
" What is it f” was
ell
Three hundred and eight years have #l„lmk4 since the first decree of banishment to Siberia was pronounced. In that time 1,600,000 pert*me have been ynt on ih* long road, many of them hardened criminals, others outcasts or ’er-do-wells, often more unfortunate than criminal, and still many others the victims at their religious or political n't inions. Disaentors from the orthodox faith, the advocates of a C *i ii ut ion for the State and cranks have been mangled by the scores uf thousands with those whose offenses against society deserved the severest pu ni a h-Ali mu re hod in the common
Fools love the martyrdom of fame.-* Byro®>
Conduct fs throe-fourths of life.-* Matthew Arnuid.
The truest wisdom is a resolute de* term i nation.—Napoleon.
1 hie office of liberality consists IS giving wtih judgment.—Cicero.
The cheerful live longest in years, and afterward in our regards.—Bcxvee,
Every brave ma|i shuns, more than death, the shame of lying.—Corneille.
Life is not so short but that there is always time enough for courtesy.—Em-
THE YOUNG OF THE HERD.
It Is possible to ruin a good cow during the first six months of its There is enough In the feeding and care of the calves to determine the whole herd cbntly emphasized by those who care to build up good herds. They breed good cows to excellent bulls, and presumably secure good calves. But	hing	between the birth
and maturity of the young animals seems to ruin them. They do not turn out what their beginning promised. What is the reason for thief It may not always be possible to answer the question, but in very many instances the cause is found in the neglect of the calves during their tender age of six months or leas.
CANNING, PRESERVING AND
PICKLING.
It Is time to prepare the apple, peach and pear for winter une. In conning these larger fruits use only what is ripe and ««mod; pare, core and throw into cold water to prevent discoloration. For every four pounds of fruit add, one pound of sugar and a quart of water, some like the addition of lemon juice. B >il‘ until clear ; put In the cans ; cover well with the boiling syrup and seal. In canning pears u ie a pint of water to a pound of sugar to make the syrup.
In preserving follow tho same directions as for canning, except to uso equal quantities of fruit and sugar, and allow half, a pint of water to one pound of sugar. Weigh fruit and sugar accurately and cook until transparent.
Jelly m id* of apples is delicious. Take ripe tart apples and cut into pieces ; put into n preserving kettle with water enough to cover. Cook until very tender and strain. T«> a pint of juice add a pint of sugar and boil until it jellies. Put in glasses, cover and put in a cool dark place.
Crab apples make the cream of all jellies, prepared in the same way.
If quinces are scarce, the parings and cores of quinces with good tart apples make an excellent jelly and the quinces may be used for preserves.
For pickling pears, apples and peaches mike a Syrup of one quart of vinegar and three pints of brown sugar ; season to the taste with cinnamon and cloves. When the syrup boils add the f. uit and cook until tender, allow plenty of syrup to a can of fruit and weal tightly,
Ilf*
ne
t he
future quality of This fact ia not aiufi-
en in
•J'
vi* wa
published In 1(M, and which wae entitled “Natural and Political Investigations in Regard to the Current Lists of Births and Deaths."
John Graunt, u wealthy Londoner, ihe author of this book, and Ass-
8011
erson.
Life’s evening will take its character from the day that preceded it.—%Shut-tlcwurt h.
Fine a<*nse and exalted sense are no# half so useful as common sense — liof see, Greeley.
Whilst we are considering when wO are to begin it ia often too late to act* —Quintilian.
Every man in value<l in this world art ho shows by his conduct he wishes to be valued.—Bruy ere.
Do not anticipate trouble or worry about what may never happen. Keep in the sunlight.—Franklin.
The brightest blaze of intelligence is
than the
mont.
chu in-gunge over the bleak route that became a two years' journey by the time Russia reached the eastern ocean. Xhw first arrivals after au advance of the frontier were gangs of convicts. 11 one asks where the biberiuu exiles
was
he ton was so impressed when he rend ib that he at once took steps to foirn a life insurance company. Z oeeded, but not without much difficulty, and among the provisions of this first company were the following: —A married man, not more than thirty years old, could be insured for £1,000, one not more than forty for £%00, and one not more than sixty, fur £300. Sailors and persons travelling to distant eountriefl, would not be insured, and suicides, as well as those condemned, to death, lost the benefits of their
crimson
4 s
He euo-
havb been chiefly kept the answer is, "Anywhere in that vast dumain where Uusti.au soldiers have carried their
flag
oountry'a good or the victims of their Government's injustice, the exiles have murked by their presence every successive stage of Russia's advance to Amur.
are
show in the garden variety—the Torn Thumb, growing inches high. The foliage is clean, dark, glossy green, somewhat like the myrtle leaf, and the flowers need no other setting than their own leaves. They
The vaseful
Whether sent away fur their
SIX
To feed the calves properly one must decide beforehand, and very early, too, whether they are to be reared into dairy or beef cows. If we are going to raise beef cows the food of the calves
of incalculably lees value smallest spark of charity.—W. Ne vins.
A light arid'trifling mind never taken in great idea» and never^iccomplishos anything great or good.—Sprague.
Blessed is the man who has found hi» work. On* monster there is in the world, the idle mui —CarlyleJ
God never gives hut one moment at a time, and do** not give a second until h* withdraws the first.— Fenelon.
are very lasting, also mentioned above was in the florist's window for more than a week, yet in good condition.
The snapdragon will grow readily from cuttings, treated like geranium slips, and thus, when any exceptionally fine color In grown from seed it is possible to reproduce it. We see no reason why the snapdragon should not make a good bloomer for the window
garden.
must be quite different from that
given to the dairy cows
require food that will make muscle
and fat. The animals must first get a
good foundation of muscle, and then oi>Luii»n Which h,a father uml grand- ,at ^ ^ ^ ^ lhat will ^ ti.m
father held, that this degrading use
insurance,
The company flourished during the first year, but soon afterward the directors learned to their cost that the ex pendit ure was much in excess of the receipts, and consequently they raised the rale considerably. This did not help them much, however, and the result was that Parliament finally came to their relief by granting the company an
pounds. From this time forward the company did a good business, and it not long before similar companies started throughout Europe, as well as in this country.
Ueef calves
The present Ozar has decided to close this long chapter of Siberia's history a» u penal colony. He shares the
and valuable. As the characters of Should no longer l>« made of a vast and these animals are determined wben
splendid territory. There Is plenty of very young, such muscle and fat-pro-
homuBt labor now with which to build ,luiio« fuo>‘ would ruin a cow for dairy
m» -- <«—• —k --	ViSS
and till the Government lands, servh es jn the land. The dairy cow is pre-for which the compulsory labor of eminently a nervous animal. It
chainrgangs ho, been employed. When hun.llea of nerve,, and the food
1	. 4 .	«	____ , allu , d feeds on promotes this charactens-
Rusaia is mx i mg mi t>n*	1 tic. It might be noted in passing that
Jects to spread over Siberia and make owing te this fact the dairy cow can tho wilderness teem and blossom, she stand less worrying and excitement
ter of the empire. 1 he tramp oU»s, checked. The dairy cow is never a composed chiefly of escaped convicts, fat cow. The two never g<J together. fc,ve already creaiud aoiu. of t!.e new When a dairy cow lay, on fat rapidly
^ukmentA, very un„k,,ant .aperL	^^^1:"?,:
Russia is on the point of re- fat-producing, or the animal is by na*
Minds of moderate caJibre ordinarily condemn everything which is b»* yoaid their range—Rochefoucauld.
Good manners are a part of good morals and it. is as much our duty as our interests to practise both — IIunt>
annual subsidy of £3,(!0J
ACQUIRING CITIZENSHIP.
was
were
||<»w It In l>«ne In #hi nifTcrei»! fountrlr*
of the Worhl.
er
It has always been the policy of wise nnd especially of those ron-
Th-ere fs no policy like politeness, sinœ a good manner often succeeds where the best longue Las failed.— Magoon.
It is the vain endeavor to make <ur-selves what we are not strewn h story with mo many broken
and lives left in the rough.—
state»,
nected with commerce, to open wide the door fur the reception *nd natura-
HUNKS OF WISDOM
ABOUT GREEN PEPPERS
\
There are two ways of preparing green uppers for the table as a vegetable. Select for this purpose sweet Spanish peppers. This is a pepper similar to the old-fashioned, bull-nosed i>epper, but it is larger and milder in flavor. It is used green, both to serve as a stuffed vegetable and for stuffed pickles or " mangoes.”
A simple and satisfactory way to prepare these pickles as a vegetable, is to plunge them in hot water and let them simmer for about ten minutes. Drain them, cut off the stems, cut a slice out of the stem end, nnd
The therm-'meter sometimes gets very low, but it's never vulgar.
Lota of people who cling to the anchor otf hope go down in the mud.
A' girl fceldom troubles herself to light the gas when an old flame calls.
We always seem to enjoy ourselves more when other people know we are having* a good time.
It is an awlul strain on a young man bo try to live up to the opinion bis
sweet heart has of him.
Nine people out of ten think they deserve* credit for having feelings which are always getting hurt-
Generally we are a great deal more interested in what we don't know about people than in what we do.
Conceit is that peculiar species of folly whereby we look at our virtues through q magnifying glass without knowing it.
There are some men mean enough to live oin their father-in-law and then complain of the visits of their mother-in-law.
lizatiim of foreigners. But there are none the less some very striking differences in the laws of nations as affecting the strangers within their gates.
Groat Britain, for Instance, differs materially from continental nations in the oppurt unities she offers foreigners resident in that country to "naturalise"—that is to say, to become on an absolute equality with the "natural-born subject."
Its rules are very simple in the mat-Any foreigner who has been a
resident in the United Kingdom for
on liv-
that has

purposes Lowell.
Life is made up, in not of great sacrifice» or duties, but 11 it le thing*, in which smiles and kindnesses anrl small obligations given habiiually are what and ;/reserve the heart and secure comfort.—Sir EL Davy,
eaues.
licvlng Siberia from the odium of be- lure a beef cow, and should never have
and Orenburg from it, and as England wrong is more apparent in the dairy relieved Australia. Why did not the cows than any others. They once get
•— iïiïiiSiS.-tVf £
ed the very views that have led the They will oflen ^ntinuo to do so all
themselves in- through the rest of their lives, and
they are practically ruined for the very work they were created for by nature. The right feeding of the calves is thus a very important work.
win
THE BRITISH HEN.
I Conference In tingleml I» Improve Hie Poultry KhIiIiik Ii»«ln«try.
ter
present Czar to act, augurate the proposed change Î Perhaps the reason is because the time
was not rip< and great events did not impel them, as they have impelled the
Czar Nicholas II tion of the face of Siberia by millions of willing hands that, were lacking in the days of Alexander II gives loud emphasis to the need of relieving that
from further service as the
scoop out the seeds and inside of the
Stuff the peppers with good
Great Britain is the largest egg-
No breakfast ta-
five years, and intends to go Lng there, has only to apply to the H .me Off ne, giving full particulars of
his birth, means stating his intention to reside in the United Kingdom, for a certificate of naturalization to he supplied him. Then all he has to do is to take the oath of allegiance to Her Majesty Queen Victoria, her heirs and succes-Thia done, and the certificate
peppers
sausage meat, or prepare a forcemeat of lean veal and fat pork, in about the proportion of one-quarter pound of fat salt pork and three-quarters of a pound of lean veal all ground togeth-Add an even tnbiespoonful of salt,
importing roun'ry bie is well furnished without eggs, and British hens would give up in despair if it were intimated to them that they ought to supply all the eggs the popu-
In fai t, the num-
of subsistence, and
The traasforma-
EXPERIMENTS WITH DAIRY COWS.
latiom can consume, ber of hens is so very inadequate that 1,333,000,COO of eggs, worth 920,000.000, are imix>rted every year to make up the deficiency in the home
Nobody wonders more than
Prof. Brandt, of Germany, conducted three experiments with light and heavy dairy cows, each lasting four weeks, the second commencing seventy days after the close of the first, and the third a year after the beginning of The progress of Siberia, due to the the first. Thirty of the heaviest milk-great railroad now plated, the improvement of river navi- lota of fifteen cows each, according gallon, the opening of large areas to to live weight. The cows were farming and mining enterprises, and kept under similar conditions as to the influx of hundreds of thousands of I feed and care during the trial, none be-•ettlers, tins brought about a new ora. ing bred after tho beginning of the ex-Tue population this year ia over G,- périment. The average weight of the
and G03,C00 emigrants have heavy cows was 1,205 pounds, and of
light cows 070 pounds. The leading conclusions from the experiments are:
1.	The milk of the small cows is
richer in fat than that of the large ones.
2.	Large cows eat a greater amount of feed than small cows; per thousand pounds live weight they eat
er

a scant teaspoonful of pepper, a tea-sp onful of chopp'd parsley, and a scant teaspoonful of summer savory well and use. After filling the peppers with the forcemeat, replace the covers and oil tba peppers well. Set them in a baking pan, and bake them thoroughly for ub'Ut twenty five or thirty minutes, and serve with a rich brown sauce around them.
A fair substitute for a Spanish sauce
over
country prison of Russia.
Mix
SOME OLD PLANTS.
SOTS
registered at the H xme Office, and he is as much a Briton as if he had been born there.
supply
the British do themselves why they don't raise more poultry and eggs, and so a poultry conference met at Reading to tall: the matter over.
Mr. Walter Lung, President of thfl British Board of Agriculture, told the delegates that forty-three eggs werf imported each year for every man, wp man and child in the Lidled Kingdom, and every one of these eggs might just as well be raised at home, do all he could to facilitate this de-
Sume of the delegate»
They Have IM*np tearril for Oiilurlr* «ml Tlimi Revived by 4 Inure.
two-thirds com-
er» in the herd were separated into
Sousa 25 years ago, when the scoriae elag, produced by the ancient Greeks in working the silver mines of Lawimur, near Athens, was aemoved-la order to be reworked by more effi-
on, which had	lain underneath	the	slag	cnion a bay ieiU* a stalk of celery, a	not granted the rights of citizenship.
dormant	condition	for	at	least	1,-	sprig of parsley and one of thyme, all	The authorities only have the power
,hooped together and well mixed. Fry	of granting naturalization certificates
with the vegetables a small teaspoon-	to individuals who have been conductful of ham ; stir in a tablespoonful of	ing a profession in .the country for 10
flour, and add gradually a pint of stock	years, tie. that in. this anti-democratic
made from two tablespoonfuls of beef,	land foreigners are absolutely de-
mised with b iling water. Let the sauce barred from citizenship
simmer slowly for about an hour, and Germany is certainly better m this at the end of that time strain it, and respeot. 'There one need only be nom-it is ready to serve around the peppers, mated, not aiixunted, to any pub" The peppers may be boiled, stuffed office to become a citizen, and though
#######
thaï i» given they f< 1 ieit—theoretically, at least—their citizenship.
Some nations are very jealous of taking a man back once he has. by naturalizing, ceased to be a citizen of the land of his birth. France, in thus respect, has perhaps the wisest rule. A Frenchman ceases to be a Frenchman if he accepts office under a foreign Government without permission, or even if ho establishes himself abroad for a lengthy period. But he ran Again be a citizen of his own country by renouncing the land of his adoption and applying to be reinstated-This, on the whole, is the
MOST INTRICATE PHASE
of the naturalization question, and, despite the fact that there is a considerable body of international law on the subject., disagreements between states frequently occur, and have times assumed serious dimensions. It bas also cropped up in the 1 ransvaal
JN AUSTRIA
a stranger may acquire lights of naturalization by being employed as a public functionary. But as there are only a very few foreigners who hold public positions, this is a small factor
And even if one
or

000.000,
poured into the country since the beginning of 1896.
f ret tiers from: one part to an-
He would
ui a
BOO years, sprang up again all over tho
uncovered ground. Unknown in |mod-
erd times, this plant was described in
the first century of our era by Diosco-
rides and Pliny, and had disappeared from the face of tbe earth for 15 or 20 centuries. The fact that these seeds should have retained their vitality wo long seems very extraordinary, butt there are other instances quite as remarkable. For instance, raspberry seeds found in 1K35 in an ancient tumulus, in a coffin buried 30 feet below the surface, and believed to have been there since the second century, were successfully planted. And m another case seeds of ti.be Polygonum
the whole with a cupful of stock or one of water. It water is used melt in it a leaspoonful of beef extract ; season the forcemeat with an even teaspoon ful of salt, a tcaspoonful of pepper, half a teaspoonful of summer savory and of thyme, and half a tea-Soore one for pussy, A Bristol. gpoonfui nf sage. Do not replace the
England, cat a few days ago proved rovers on the peppers, but sprinkle
the means of saving a whole family ^ bread	and
from destruction by lue. At mail-past	0f bu( ter. Put t ho peppers
two in the morning a shopkeeper nam-	nn a buttered pan and	let (hem bake
»d Ledo Schinicdermann was aroused	about fifteen minutes,	or until well
browned. Serve these peppers with a roast of beef, or with chicken They are a wholesome and excellent summer He tried to drive her away, but as vegetable, stimulating digestion in iho
•*?“*“ rr	•sss’s =m MM. »-
SALTING	COWS	IN	SUMMER.	wl h m3e,f’ to find the room *u	about	the size of tho bull nosed pep.	smoke. Ho alarmed a logger, Heinu n	r vvbjcb }s	used as salad with salt i controversy.
The best way to salt cows is to leave Muller, who was sleeping on the same	vinegar, like cucumbers, or may	uj. to very recent years England did
semo rock salt under a covered place floor, and also his sister and another ^ uged jn meat salads, where it make- not Lu0w an Englishman who had where the stock can lick it at will fo^ng wamaa. They all rushod to the ornamental decora inn. All the old ^ralized in another country to he-
than ..... ... ...	“*
good for them, but will go up and lick With the exception of the lodger, the fh#1 swee( mountain penper becomes too ^(mallty ho ceases, for the time being,
inmate», taking puss with them, reach	hot for comfort after it	turns red, and	lo	under	British	protection,	or	of
ed a landing, from w hich they escaped	ia awlcooked when	green. Some-	any	m,>re concern	to	Britannia	than	a
W the back yard. Just as the flames	time8	a dash	of flavor is given by a	p(>le or a Spaniard
their practice to	salt	oowb	every	Sun-	*bot right through the spiral staircase	Ringqe	pepper	chopped fine and added	Russia has	very funny naturaliza-
day morning. It is not breaking) the Muller, who had stopped to put an 1rs tn a piquant stew or soup, and a sw-pf I tp,n laws. Any one may become a Sabbath to any serious extent, and tx*>ts, was cut off from escape. The mountain pepper is chosen for tbm object of the Czar by taking the oaih the owner of the stock has the flames reached his room, and then purp(lge.	o.f allegiance to him, and this he can,
EâSâgn
mother’s gardens, in the window of n compel them to live there.
. rri \rf
attention when first placed in pom-	wife aiways takes her bus-
nd wa* much admired, for the band’s nationality, even if he alters it
0r the stems and ^the numerous h»If » dozen time».
So large a transfer-
ence (
sir able result, said that the poultry farmer might reasonably expect a profit of five shillings a year from the eggs of each ben, and there was no reason why the borne production should not be largely increased. Various ways of encouraging the industry were approved.
Among the diversions of the conference was a trip to Bay nards in Surrey, where the delegates were conducted over the great poultry-fattening establishment of Mr. C. E. Brooke, who annually sends 36,000 fowls to the London market. This market has peculiarities which the poultry farmeynust take into account. I he chicken must be sent to market with its head on, for the buyer will not invest in a fowl whose head has been cut off
other of the same country has never been witnessed before in so short a These pioneers are Russian
time
peasants, and many of them have been assisted by the Government to remove |ess to virgin lands where they may
They are begin-
3.	Small cows produce less than large cows, absolutely and relatively.
4.	When in thin flesh, small cows Last year there was m ay produce more per thousand pounds
gross weight than large cows.
5.	Large farrow cows are more persistent milkers; on the other hand small cows show a greater tendency to fatten on the same feed, with a decrease in the milk flow.
6.	The loss in selling ten of the large cows amounted to five guilden per head on the average, after having been kept nearly a year, while the loss for ten small cows, was twelve guilden per head.
milk
se-
cure larger farms, ning to develop the vast resources of
the country.
t for export than found transportation, though economists do B0t count upon Siberia as a world’s wfeteat producer, believing that as the country fills the wheat-growing area will be fully taxed to supply the home demand. Industries are keeping pace with agriculture. They are making and refining sugar at Semipolatinsk; they are turning out pig iron near the Iron mines, and in the Tomsk govern-
-s_
s me
A
were thy plants
The idea Is that chickens that mutilated may possibly have been killed by scene animal. It is also important that the chicken should have white or at Least light yellow legs, as the poultry buyter» object to black legs. There is no good ground for this objection, but consumers will have their way and their whims must be gratified. If chicken» with Mack legs are forced upon the market they bring only about half the price of
those with light legs.
The great hen exam tries of Europe are France, Austria-Hungary, Russia, Italy, Belgium and Denmark, and thus England has | lent y of neighbors that arc willing t supply her wants. Canada is now trying to get a part of the trade. If China might only I* eccuu fcnicaJly tapped for poultry and eggs that country could beat all creation in the quantity supplied, for that empire has more fowls than any other country in the world.
are
SAVED BY A CAT.
RYE SHOULD NOT FOLLOW POTATOES.
As a rule small grains do not grow well on a field which produced potatoes the previous season. Experiments have demonstrated that this is due, not
so much to the mechanical conditions of the soil as to the fact that the potato»» have used large amounts of available nitrogen rate of soda greatly benefit rye crops grown after potatoes.
ironiMl HI* Hauler by tlenlly Scratching
111* Furr.
ment in 1898, about 13,000 men were employed In a large number of establishments manufacturing thirty-nine kinds of commodities.
The Czar's commission to devise a plan to replace the transportation of criminals to Siberia by other punishments held its first meeting on June
Tho details of the proposed
For
by hia pet tabby, which was gently scratching his face.
Applications of nit-
4 *
El
change require much attention, some time tho foot journey of the convict bands has been greatly shortened by the railroad. The time seems near when the journey will not be
l*
na-
ED&de at all.
, man and SWAN FIGHT.
That a swan will fight fiercely was /Shown by an exciting struggle between a swan and a park Constable on the upper lake m Waterlow i'ark, Erg-
land. Some india rubber balls had rolled into the water, and to get them the Constable paddled out in a punt.
This drew the notice of the male swan, which deserted his consort and the brood of cygnet, and went for the Const able with great fury. Once or twice b< almost upset the punt by causing
laving TLab|Legs ftomTh^blfd? teak* dew." Some of the salt might be lost. I , It was only With difficulty end risk bat w. thought from the way the era* that the balls were recovered The was eaten lhat not much would bel t ,wan then followed the punt to the wasted that way
&&.-»«	- — zrJSùïzstïSi	-
STAR PHOTOGRAPHY.	!
Star photography ia one of the most tedious operations kn >wn. In some the exposure of the plate must
several hours. During
all this time both the plate and tele-must be moved so that the ge of the star will be stationary __ the plate. The exposure for a star of the sixteenth magnitude is two hours, and only the image of one at s time can be secured, unless those adjoining happen to be of the same sise. >
a small quantity < n * every day or two
We know farmers who make it
cases
last for
scope
ima
on
ing by throwing fine salt thinly the grass, while it was covered
over
with
NOT PARTICULAR.
She has never ceased to hope For the return of the man who jilted
city
Lo
tlou
When we salted
size
No. Any
###PAGE###8###
1
?
1
f
Hash is King.
Pow Men Original.
Look at the Stuff !
NEW
J >'ou ‘"’or nul ice how few poojile original in things they fay and du f
instance, one man makes a fortune out of a simple thing; immediate’y hundred* cf 111hors try it.
''hile it is gratifying to be the “
man
U VO
Fur
()< >; luooouoont >00000000
»0()
This is human nature
II
O
GOOD T^STE
MY VERMS
o
n
first
to br;ug out an idee, the great I nma nn,8t be content to follow their leaden, There is one line that is always original, however, and that is the busine* of Eradleyf«arretson C>„ Limited, of 1*rant ford, Ont., because they continually bring out publications, to suit the times and seasons, thus their
WE ARE
goods,
O
un-:
O
° STRICTLY CASH, o
O
fl
In div who slivw ii
O
's SVvllVVs vvvognition for those Xl> may know how Appearance may do i«>ok well drvs<v<l that's
MOOOOO l()OtHK>OOOOOOC >
aiihvriiK vl vM-Iy to this rule it
watch and clot k
cna hi repairing,
very thing in my line at
much injury a shahh>
him
Mwavs
business "ith men of fast.
PCX BOTTOM PRICES-
Me
ngonta are kept steadily at it and mnko big money. In
Tier, no other occupation is moro honov-| Able, healthful, lucrative, or oilers half as many opportunities for promotion. It is a life school. Many men and women m Canada to-day, testify to the truthful* uoss of this claim, in fact, it i* conceded on all hands, that "ith this Firm
1
l,v prepared to do lmsi,,e<s
11(1 for thvir tieiivtlt m! largest range of
Dress Goods.
are ottering the Hi F AM. SllTl\(.<
\\ e lead in our line
My work is guaranteed for a Year.
an ! Ovum o.vri.\,i8 ,,,
town
Onv goods are
guaranteed
n $s worth for « $ every time .....
Our new Fall Dress Goods are
We call your special attention to Black Figured Goods gant material
A- fV IVjcCUIRE, The Tailor.
peaches.
our
GOODWYN
ono year • experience is worth
rich, dressy, ele-
more to any young m*ii or woman, than two or three years at College, from an educational poxnt of view, and financially,
(hat can bo desired.
--The Watchmaker-ARNPRIOR,
w ,	Only 50 cts..
V/e have both lower and higher goods, but are
a yard.
priced particularly proud of
it is all
. ONT.
L
Tenders Wanted.
our range of Stuff for
GENERAL NEWS.
OTTAffA 4 GATINEAU Jtf
common-sense common-sense
cannot afford to
• ir,"1's rioting on the part of Amu
:?p:”'rr:te;aa-s s
^^rhiSlieE
neighborhood of ... wlio have nre- tlon h*11 8 one million dollars
viously been engaged in the lumber in dustne.a of that .section, but owing to tin exhaustion of the timber they li ne de-elded to take up land and liecoineagricul-t mists. They nre most favorably
pressed ,v(th the country and see a tint I uni re before it
'
people at our popular price-50 cents. Yon miss these goods.
We have also
CH ANGE OF TI ML'
KHIX YOl Xt;,
I’resident
"as with considéra hi
uprising Was finally
Sec.-TrpnsHMH LhnsKie, August 11, IStHI
HUJ
- - WRAPPERETTE GOODS - -
very pretty patterns, beautiful goods, at only 10 and per yard.
Fruits ! Groceries ! Confectionery !
in
12 cts.
Sax--»
Ice Cream !
pnrlur and get thoroughly
We ir.wi
Pontiac Pacific Junction Rf
—---------
IN' STOCK :
The Newest Linings,
Fancy Sateens,
The Syllabic Limit.
The BiMe contains no word of
D. WILSON,
....I iœ^t3wto^|SHAM-V!LLE,
in what is said*-S^ThomL'JoliÆ*1,10
Official Time Table :
oui
nn
more
P.M
satis
A.M.
Arrive f i.S
5.45 Leave
Aylmer
to rev ken ridge
t Eardley Parker’s Crossing t Mohrs Quyou Wyman's tTan k Bristol McKee's •Shaw vi He Clark's
Campbell's Bay ?Tank
! Vinton i ’on ion ire ‘Mellon's Walt hum
•Flag Station. tTank
Electric Kailw.y
6 0J
K2
6.12
A British .dlieer recently returned fi "	8.5o |	slates that until the j
“	| ¦'““'I'lvtely wmiKlel the wli.de
"	Onhimme organization and administra
“	$ ,is I tlol>. the resistance ..f the island
¦ ni to the Greek Kalends
w;i ftf££;rr”'1	-
lnw v!,,b and <*eneral Otis *. • -ver svvvntx
Striped Moreens,
Buckramette, etc.
9.06
6.18
6
6 26
It
(LIT
ii
ou»e.
6.47
¦QUE.
6/6
it
«..is
7.04
7.28
<
Shawville
Academy,
7 4.
!
8.ini
S. ho
is at a wry Id fossil
!? Hbite unable to properly
»	mgh school
ÆÆzsïï'Æï'ï.ïiji- 111 the County
PL , th,s <:vcnill'-r he attempted to !The l,oi|it- of super!
T. m.L- £oSt bound.train i" 'he Grand ! in this Institution cmnp-iueetiiittl ur“nk *',r, opposite the waterwmk» tad immstus plunged thuii hut missed his footing and fell bet» ’
msmtsm
pUt !" l't-tî
second Imnors
E. HODCIJKS & SON. SAVAGE Repeating Rifle,
8.12
an
8.80
H
I
8.47
Vi l fi
Horrible Death
fi
6.55 Arrive
» ce i

Preachers Eat Melons
Will FJe-open on Sept 4th.
CANADA ATLANTIC
Mal ign, X. .1
•l»*n eating vu
V
l
nt
i
TIME GAUD,
IN EFFECT KAY 1st, 1689,
I'll \
\\ veil a dozen vlngvi
“f amusement f,,r
crowd
Wllislx,
1 1
1111111
ire
lilt
Calibre .303.
Fin; Aiii.kst Ixsi V FoMPLinuCoi
vctons
1899 Model.
cen
USE : Sri i.
fin: Best Text Books.
The Latest Mi
NEW SERVICE, MODERN EQUIPMENT,
Trains daily between
OTTAWA 6e MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 2 1
O
SMOIvEU
liVM.MKnu SIX HIOOTEI»
ss
ORIGINAL IX EVERY FI l'OINT RI ¦
V TURE,
-jaæiâffiœ

mous 1 ni: Ri:st Eqeipmext
1
GAME
Tin
Deepest Ixtkri
SnDENTS' XVeu
X Librany
V/rlte fop Catalogue and Circulars,
II. (il
HOURS.
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot •-
#### I
a ^ a“iri 1
ST F N
nv w as accorded 1,1,1 hr. Strickland third.
tree.
\ RI
SAVAGE ARMS COMPANY,
___	UTICA, New York, U, S. A.
Fearful Result of
ricane.
¦ ilî (BT
SE
a Recent Hur-
IS KACII Depari
Mi:\T FOR VSE OF !>[•,./LS
A DPvIX ER SUFFOCATED.
While 150 Feet Below tho Surrace the Air Apparatus Broke.
Centra! Carçada Exhibition Association.
Twelfth Annual
vary moderate. 0,1 application to the
t
* Alexin-Xrrivts
i» h . °nlf. ...
^&yr, —
a.i
H. LA.Xf
Shawville, August Tt!i, l**i
«tirions r car at-
î
Treasurer
to
™^iT0RE, •
FURNITURE. September 11 to 23,
report
pei
TJ
'•J

\
9
•rw
1899,
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot •-
i i	I ,Death °f	B"""
Ottawa Arm* i Parry Smi	jfe
H"l tpHEE ,EEH
WJ&ajsMs^ss	b" **,kM
Who was in his fifty first | P, %, . ,,.
Centra! DetitEassfill ffoass bm. faS^*.
5- us=e stzaMiSM ,-r SHX ¦	* « I
: assy - -	1,7/:%ss:5= i
(2)
We have just the kind
of Furniture that
every person wants,
and at prices to suit all.
TWO WEEKS !
er
(2)
i his Exhibition is second to none in Canada for...
LIVE STOCK ACCOMMODATION
QUALITY OF EXHIBITS, and
EXCELLENCE OF ATTRACTIONS.
to

er®to™etc!toaftitonVeral ”eW building=
$3,000 offered in purses for Horse Races.
Como and be Convinced..
year, principally
»
in position to know
CUTfjBERTSON & CfjAHAM,
Spectacular :
“ Bombardment of Pekin.”
cannerymen
rnicn have gained.

OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
—Did von
ov(»r t hiiîk of handlinn: our latest work “ The Light of Life If n
l
now is ti good time to Sa rlay sure
- f.iri.
make twice ; experience or capital mm,-, s-
*3'
Specially reduced rates
X Full Line of—
on all Jin of trawl.
llpl .te,, w„. „„r=„°Z!i£8t Week and aV°id the R«»h.
President.
UNDERTAKERS’ SUPPLIES
bradleyoarretson CO
„ ltd.,
Brantford, Out
e. Mcmahon,
Secretary.
26 Sparks St.


