###PAGE###1###

)



2to. 36 —17th Year.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
THURSDAY, MARCH t>
1000.

IB
Special hargniiiH in parlor suites and lounge*, for 1 ml un eu of month at,
1 THl • UTMOK, < KH VM A fi. Lion
Borne of oui the concert at
the attendance wan much in exceua of the hall accommodation, and that an a result -	- $6 000 000. i them was much confusion and an utter
" 1 -	*	*	* alweuce of order, despite all eflorta to
Photo* of the Dramatic Club can he hud at Imison's at *>0 cunt» apiece.	j
Dr. Clarence McGuire Married. ;
The Cornwall Standard lia* the follow- | 6 6 ing report of the matriage in that town a couple of week* ago, of Dr. VS. ( \ McGuire, ton of Mr. J. A. McGuire, of the Russell : —
McGvibs — M« Lennan. — A happy event was celebrated at the residence of Mrs. John D. McLennan, August* street, on Wednesday evening, the occasion being the marriage of her daughter, Mias Bella McLennan, to Dr. W. McGuire,
D. V. S. The ceremony was performed by the Rev. Neil MacNish, B V., pastor of St. John s Church. Only the immediate friends of the contracting parties were present. After the ceremony a sumptuous repast was served, and the evening was very pleasantly spent until time for departure on the 1Ù. 17 train. The young couple left on a wedding trip to Toronto, Hamilton and Strat-foid, and are expected to arrive home again the latter part of next week. Both are well-known in Cornwall, the bride being connected with the Cornwall Branch of the W. V. T. V. in the eapaefty of Recording Secretary. She im also Treasurer of the Young People's Association of St.
John a Church ; a mendier of the choir and Mission Band, and the esteem in which she is held by all was evidenced by the large number of handsome and costly presents she received. Besides those received from private friends, there was a set of silver teasjioons from the choir ; a salt server from the Sunday School teachers : and an address and handsome clock from the members of W. C. T. U. The best wishes of a host of friends follow the young couple.
Among those who attended the wedding of Dr. W. C McGuire and Miss Bella McLennan, on Wednesday evening, were Miss McGuire, of Shawville, sister of the Groom ; Mr. and Mrs. J. C Dingwall and Miss Dingwall, of Williams town ; and Miss Dunn, of East Lanças
)
BANK OF OTTAWA
I
young people who at tended Bryson last week, say that
Head Office:
( *v’tal BUlwi-Tltsvl Capital paid ni» .. Heat ..................
OTTAWA. CANADA.
........tuw.ooe,
........ 1,7 . « no.
........ 1,403,3m.
Y»HE RELIABLE BARGAIN HOUSE.
OF CANADA.
Hoard of Dindon :
CAPITAL -
Charles Magfe, Esq., President. Geo rue Bay, ehq. .Vice-President,
Hon. Geo. Hutson, J*.	John Mather, Esq.
Alex. Phaser, Esq , Damp MaiLahen, K»<*.
Dennis Mi rtht, Ksq.

9 Ann OOn procure it. Mr. W. J. 1'onpure, M. P., ’	* j and Mr. Thoma* Murray addruwed the
! crowd, hut the gathering wat no uproarious that scarcely anything they said warn audihlt to those at the roar of the build
RESERVE FUND,
Bead Office, • Montreal.
GEORGE BURN, D. M. FINN IE,
General Manager .. .. Manager,
Cents’ Furnishing
mg
SHAW VILLE BRANCH.
Fran'lies*
IN ONTARIO Kerwatin.
krmjitv lie,
M at taw a,
Ottawa.
do Hank St. Renfrew (to Kid» au SL Toronto, Vaiikloek Hill, Smlth a Kalla
» Manitoba-.
Fvrtagf La Prairie.
IK QUEBEC;
Ten pu: ut ht off regular price» in all of upholstered goods, such iih parlor suite», lounges, etc., during balance of March at
CVTHBBRTftON, GRAHAM & EuJOTT’m. P. H. — Sure bargains in all line* of | furniture.
B
L. L
Money loaned on approved security at
reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought aud collected.
Money transferred to all parts of the world.
RAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened tor amount* of one dol-
lin and upwards and Interest allowed.
Omen Horns .
8 AT Ull DAYS . .
line*
I .a nark.
Parry Bound, Pembroke, Rat Portage,
Alexandria, Amprior, Avunmorr, Mrucebridge, Varie ton
Place,
llawkesbun,
Department.
We have now in stock, ready for inspection of customers and all who wish to see nice Goods, full lines in the following Furnishings :
< hiving to nome irregularities in themun-icipal elec tons in Leslie, Judge tvergne ordered
Win6l|a'g,
Dauphin
a new election to he held there last week, the result of which, according to oui O. L. correspondent, was to give Manager. | the seat to Mr. N. Lvgault in place of Mr.
Thus. Parker, who subseqent to the first election hold was apjx anted Mayor, and represented that municipality as such at the County Council last Wednesday
10 A.M.ToS F.W. 10 A M.TO 1 P.M. F. A. PARKER,
Montreal,	Hull,	LathtiK
Awi.ts in Csusda, N* w York and VLi-’Agv— Dank of Montreal.
Agrnta in St Paul—M« irhunU Nat Bank;
Ay nts in London, Kng.—Parr'* Bank Lt d,
MEN’S and BOYS' WHITE SHIRTS,
MEN’S and BOYS’ FANCY SHIRTS,
TIES in all makes—Bows, Knots, Derbys,
Puffs and Flowing Ends,
Mitm Annie McRm left for the city last week to attend the ipring millinery openings.
PREPARE
Rev. Mr. Baldwin went to the hoapita) laet week, to be treated for an affliction of the throat from which he wbh euffenng. It ia expected the rev gentleman will be enabled to return to hia labors this week.
FOR BATTLE.
LINES
COLLARS & CUFFS UMBRELLAS,
FINE CASHMERE and COTTON HOSE.
To the memory ot Mr. Robert Moore,Calumet killed near Rudbur^by an explosion
f
Island, of dynamite, 3rd March, 1
£3
Dearest Robbie, tbou hist left us,
lore,
meet thee
by learning THE way to look after your own business affairs : this im the way your self-made men of the County of PONTIAC have made their way. The best place to do this is where business is learned hy the practice of BUSINESS as it is done in the business w orld. Commercial Ftudies, Shorthand Typewriting in taught at the COLLEGE and also English and French.
For full particulars apply to
And thy loss we ell depl But we hope at last to Where pain and sorrow are no more
gy TheShawville Marble and Gran ite Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor turnsout a superiorelaes of work in Monuments, Headstonee.etc. Prices reasonable
The above goods are all New and Up-to-Date in every particular.
Little did we think to lose thee, For thy life has been so brief,
And the manner of thy going Filled our hearts with care and grief.
May Ood pity his poor mother, Him brothers and his sisters too,
For while Robbie was among them They all loved him fond and true
>
My many customer» will boar in mind that I am not only taking chic* but m Cabinet Photos take the lead. Family group» etc., etc., a speciality.
H. Imison, Shaw ville, Que.
Pontiac Lodge A. F. & A. M., at its
regular meeting on b riday night last voted the sum of ten dollars towards the Canadian Patriotic Fund. The vote was followed by the hearty singing of the National Anthem.
our
Que

In the grave he now Is sleeping, And his spirit is at rest Forever lu his Saviour’s keeping On bis loving gentle breast.
Otter Luke, 10th
Hats!
March, 1900
ter
We call special attention to our new Spring Hats
CORRESPONDENCE
Patriotic Concert.—The concert given in Elliott’» Hall on Tuesday night lout, under the auspices of the County
the benefit hc
Canadian Patriotic Fund, may he ranked March 17.—Miss Viau is the guest of as one of the best of the season. The Miss Jennie Wilson at present, audience was not quite as large am we had The carpenter work of Mr. Win. Cor hoped it would he, hut this was doubtless rigan’s new house is advancing rapidly, ow ing to the disagreeable character of the Looks like business, and— h. Holstein. Wtiat]ier	Temple meet» on Wednesday night this
The jury in the Bois Franc murder The Rev. R. Warrington, of Portage week for the purpose of attending Peer case, which was heard at Hull last week, du Fort, very ably presided over the less concert, by the I. <>. G. T. rendered a verdict acquitting Jacques gathering, besides doing more than is gen- Who were the stray Templars at V ic-Boilcau of the charge. Judge Lavergne erally expected of chairman, namely, by toria on Thursday ? I hope they will come m addressing the jury charged strongly contributing a good patriotic speech, and with many more to our “ Open Temple against the prisoner. The verdict was bringing with him a bevy of Portage du Thursday, March 22nd. received with surprise.	Fort girls to assist in the program, which Mr. George Hodgins has returned
they did in a highly entertaining manner home, having been away during the win-Messrs. Stewart & Co., have leased Owing to our limited space we cannot ter months, the premises lately occupied by A. R. pretend to give a report of too speeches Mr. Robt. Little is completing the McGuire, and are opening out this week that were made, and can only say in re- work of Willie’s house.	’
a full line of boots and shoes. Mr. John gRrtl to them that each of the gentlemen, Two jolly loads went down and took in Stewart, who is here this week refitting w hose names appear in the program given the concert at Peerless on Thursday, up the shop, and assorting the stock, ex below, breathed the same unwavering sen- loth.	Poppy.
pects to be open for business on Friday tiinent of loyalty to the Motherland and afternoon.	the Old Flag.
... The following is the program Mr. John Dolan, lute of the Shawville Chairman1» remark*.
Milling Company, has taken a position So]0_ Rock n bye Lady Miss N with Mr. David Craig, of the Renfrew Feeters.
Roller Mills, and intends removing his Address- Rev. XV. Knox, family to that town. John has The Action song- Misses McFeeters and Me-
Eoutï’8 cordial wishes for succès», and Drama' The Deacon Shawvllle Dramatic mutual satisfaction to himself and em- Society.
ployer in hia new field of labor.	Song -Happy Little Maiden Mines Me-
Fee tern.
Our friend Dr. McKinley, is talking of Address Rev. Mr. Fitzgeral J, visiting the Paris Exposition this year, “ Itev. Mr. Whiteside, and suggests how nice it would he to Song Absent Minded Beggar Misses
would then have something to talk about Master.
for the rest of their natural lives " added The orchestra of the Dramatic Chib, Miss the Dr., with a knowing wink. Here is Burroughs and Miv* riiomson e bciently presented a delightful prospect for some supplied the instrument pan of the pro
enterprising young woman.	gram.

en
bJ
uy
VICTORIA
Latest in Shape and Color and Prices always right.
Small brown valise lost between James Stevens’, Bertrand Lake, and George Crawford s, “ John Bull,ffi |	|
papers. Finder rewarded by leaving same at Dempsey’s hotel
)
BRYSON - - QUE.
containing
/
LOCAL NEWS.
J. H. SHAW.

Are you using Dowd’s Flour ?
We call attention to an advertisement in another column, offering for sale the Grace farm on the 6th range of Claren*

P. S.—New Corsets.
don
Don't forget the gallery will be closed o i the 17th for that day only.
H. Imison, Pontiac House.
Sawloos Wanted.—Cuthhertson, Graham A Elliott are prepared to buy for cash or trade a quantity of good sound logs of any kind of timber, delivered at their mill during March.
Mr. H. M. McLean, Mayor of Hard ley, was elected W arden of < Ottawa County at1 the regular meeting of the County Council on Wednesday last.
Mr. A. Smiley went to Sand Point on Tuesday to unload a car of machinery and implements, to supply the demands of his business in the lower end of the

OTTER LAKE & LESLIE.
Get the Best !
There is only one standard of quality in
Karn Pianos and Organs
That is the very best quality only !
1
Mr. Adam Moore, of Marionette, V. S., was here on a visit to his brother, sister* and other friends at the beginning of the week.
Messrs. H. Stalker, Ottawa; Harry Morrison, Shawville and Jas. Mason, of Ladysmith, were at the Otter Lake House Monday and Tuesday.
Mr. W. Lucas, Bristol Ridge, was up this way Tuesday last.
Rev. Mr. Lu mm is, of Thorne West, was here Tuesday
Dr. McNall
Mc
5

county

UNDERTAKING.
Cuthbertson, Graham 6c Elliott still keep on hand a full supply of undertaking materials, which regarding quality are second to none. Prompt attention and charges moderate.
A. McConnell, Advocate will be at Shaw ville, for the transaction of legal business on Thursday, the 22nd March, and hereafter regularly on the third Thursday of each month.

cat
y, of the Bay, was here professionally Wednesday.
Messrs. McGinn & Abbo have removed their branch store from Ladysmith to Otter Lake.
Messrs. All. Howard and Harry Knox, of Shaw ville, were here Wednesday and Thursday and registered at the Otter Like House.
I Mr. J. Horner, of Shawville,
Como t„ Aril prior u you want her- the 0tLer L.Ake House Thursday, gains in Furniture. 84 lounges to be Mr. and Mrs. Win. Pigeon, of Calumet cleared out, at f3.30 ami $4.35; regular	were at the Otter Lake House
price. $5.00 and $6.00. Special discount» xhurwda all other linos of furniture tv buyers
Mathew sou A
tt, Kazubazua,


Best Tone Best Material Best Burabilit Best Finish
gga®6
Rev. Mr. O. C. Carey, of Park man, is taking order* for a very convenient yet plete map of the Dominion, which is being issued by the Dominion Publishing Co., of Hamilton. Mr. Carey informs us that his throat is troubling him con siderably, and that several medical men have told him he will have to discontinue preaching or he will lose his voice entirely.
Bargains in Furniture
Dr. Stackhouse, Surgeon Dentist will be at Shawville on Tuesday, April 3rd; Bryson on Wednesday, April 4th; Camp bell’s Bay on Thursday, April 5th; Fort Coulonge Friday, April 6th.
com
ÜLKIN6
lay.
Thomas Parker
Notice.—I mifeon, the Photographer will be at the Ottawa House, Campbell s Bay on ths 17th of March taking Chic Photos, only 25c. per doz. Note the date, first come first served. H. Imison,
Pontiac House.
who was elected Councillor at the last Municipal elections here had hi* election annulled, and on Thursday and Friday another election was held, Messrs. Thus. Parker and Nar-liOgault being the candidates when Mr. Legault was elected.
Mackay, Notary of Bryson, was presiding officer at the municipal election here.
Mr
on
I
coming from a distance Co., leading Furniture Dealers, Elgin St., opposite Campbell House.

Taken Home.—Mr. and Mrs. W. B. Crawford have the deejrest sympathy of the community in the loss of their only son “Addis”—a bright and winsome little fellow of five years and eight months— which occurred on Saturday evening last at 8 o’clock after a brief illness from inflammation. The funeral took place to St. Paul’s church cemetery on Tuesday afternoon.
The attendance was unusually large one of such tender years, testifying t » extent of the sympathy which was felt for the bereaved parents. Immediately following the hearse and in advance of the pall-bearers two little boys Arthur Shaw and Clarence Caldwell—carried sprays of cut flow ers which upon arrival of St. Paula ( Lurch were placed with the other pretty floral tributes that adorned the casket.
feature of the impressive service conducted by Veil. Archdeacon Naylor, ax stated by Rev. Mr. Low e, wax the singing by the school children of “ Safe in the Areas of Jesus, the choir and congregation uniting their voices with the little ones In rendering this simple yet express tve hymn. Addressing the children the Archdeacon said they should remands r that the Saviour tenderly cared for the little ones w horn he chose to take unto Himself even as they w ere cared for and protected here in lire. To the older ones he said that the dear child who had been called away had been intended for the ministry, yet were we not to conclude that because his young life had been closed, God’s purposes to that intent would not lie fulfilled. . .
CISC
Acknowledgement
Mr. C. K. Grigg, of Renfrew, representative of the well known Stone & Wellington Nurseries, was in town last week, and secured a number of orders for stock. Mr. G. considers Pontiac presents a good field for operations in his line.
Br. Williams, of the Amprior Watch-has issued a blotter for the current
If you purpose getting a Plano or Organ why not get the beet ?
The Karn Instruments cost a little more than cheap ones but tl\ey give satisfaction and last a lifetime.
Drop us a card for Illustrated Catalogue.
Mr
The family of Mr. Jas. L Shaw desire to acknowledge with sincere thanks the following letter, addressed to them by the teachers and pupils of the Shawville Academy, on the occasion of their recent bereavement ;—
We arc having real January weather, and the cold keeps up
Sans Ceremonie
To THU Misses May ani> Iickkh anu Master Willie Shaw
We the undersigned in behalf of all students of Shaw ville Academy, do hereby endeavor to express our profound and heartfelt sorrow and our cordial sym pat by with von in this your present deep affliction -the loss of your beloved brother
Norris.	, ,	,	,	.
We who were Ids school-mates and
teachers, will miss in him a jovial playmate and a thoughtful student, and all of us-a highly respected and trusted friend. F. V Atm HAN,
Mary K. MaoGrbuor,
Estelle Smith,
May Davies.	....
lu h	i«- 111 Vend :
Clarence Naylor. 11 Acad :
Lilly Dilworth. Chah. Burroughs.
I	Acad Lavina Roms. Lyndon Hoduinh.
II	Model :
Ouilla Wilson,
A. P. Knox.
I Mpriel:—
Florence Elliott, Mkrvyn Dale.
man
month, in three colors, which displays the work of the master printer in every respect. The job is one that would do credit to any establishment, no matter what its facilities or equipment.
MR. J. R. HORNER, Shawville, is our authorized agent for your vicinity. We keep him posted as to what bargains we have in stock and have been making a number of sales in which we had to take square pianos in part payment, and are getting them ready for sale. Kindly write us for prices
Honor Rollfl For February
NO. 3, THORNR WEST.
for
the
the
Grade IV. — 1, H. McLcary; 2, Leonard Judd. Grade III, ar.—1, Birdie Judd and Maggie McLcary, equal; 2, Arthur Somerville; 3, Annie Leathern. Grade HI, jr.—1, Carrie Hamilton; 2, Eliza Tubman; 3, Florence McLeiry. Grade II.—1, Silas Somerville; 2, Thos. Judd; 3, Bessie Judd. Primer IL— 1, Bernice Dale; 2, G surge Tubman; 3, Charlotte Rooney. Primer I Stewart; 2, Creighton Leathern ; 3, Ernest Mulligan. Attendance. -1, Eliza Tubman and Creighton leathern, equal ;
2,	Bessie Judd and M A. Stewart, equal;
3,	A. Somerville, S. Somerville and B Dale, equal. Punctuality.-—1, Eliza Tubman; 2, Bessie Jud ; 3. E. Ijeathem. Conduct — 1, Reroie Judd; 2, Artie Somerville; 3, Bernice Dale.
Bessie Judd ; 2, Bernice Dale Tubman
THE D. W. KARN CO., L’t’d.
t
PATRIOTIC The people of Bristol
are making preparations ENTERTAINMENT for holding an entertainment in aid of the Lana-MARCH 30th. dian Patriotic Fund in the
Public Hall at Bristol Corners, on Friday evening, March 30th. A choice program is being prepared, so that those who favor the entertainment with their presence, while showing a)mpathy with an object so worthy, may rely on a a good evening's enjoyment. See advertisement on 4th page.
197 Sparks St., OTTAWA.
9
A

HOUSE AND LOT.
Property for Sale.
1, M. A
TO BE SOLD BY
AUCTION.
A desirable prop«rt y on Court Street, Shawville. containing four village lots, and having erected thereon a comfortable
I
I am instructed by the Executors of the late James Armstrong to sell by public auction at two o’clock, on Saturday, the 24th of March, next the house and lot at Radford, owned and occupied by the late Jamea Armstrong. Terms of sale- Cash.
J. J. TURNER,
DIED.
On the 7th inst., Ross Pattison, infant son of Mr. Alf. K. Pattison, of 370 Bank St.. Ottawa, aged 10 months.
At Shawville, on Saturday, March 17th, Willie A. A. Crawford, only son of Mr. W. B. Crawford, Station agent, aged 5 years, 8 months and 17 days.
dwelling house with necessary outbuildings. For particulars and terms apply to Donald McRa, Shawville.
Hygi
3,
ene.—1, George A. Shilky, teacher.
ALF. McRAB, Hamlota, Man
Sàawviiàe, Jan. 16,1900


il
¦
\
###PAGE###2###
AWAÏ IN SOUTH AFRICA
AN IRATE BOER.
f want to brood to got breeder», then a you must not cross. r Practical I armors and feeders sometimes »iiy that purely bred races or breeds are lit k ng in ha id; ness and stamina and wlun breeding lor the dairy, or the b o< k, or tor pruvt icai u es on the farm, the greatest men suie of success is attu ned through the medium of cross-breed ng.
does not estnbhah lawa Science has only to find out natures way of improvement and do ng thing Understand ihv.se and practice them, hreeding w 11 then be nodi ficuli problem, but nil ea y, simple one, fuU of interest and power.
Nothing is more fascinating or ennobling. thin I he breeder and farmer with hs herd, molding his animals after his mind in ideal and fact. In toueh with nature, h* advances to the
Boot on Corn Bread—Mix one cupful sweet milk, two cupfuls sour milk, one cupful flour, four cupfuls of corn-meal, two teasi>oonfula of soda ; steam three hours and then brown a few miuutea in a quick oven.
Llhe Home \
-%%%%%%%%«
%>Mtly Taken In ¦! Thrre Smim | nr|||«li llnwumee.
Ignorance oil be Boer farmer of
ereryihln, ouUide 'bo oar row surrounding* in which ho Urea is prorerb-
and much ha» *Ri<1 antl wnU different times on the subject,
anecdote will be

Ur tin*
On the Farm
• v;
SOMETHING ABOUT THE NAVAL
BRIGADE GUNS.
I
The
• i
ef Ihe Mme## Wrniwii» In Ike Werltl-Awendmenle lo UllUery !>¦•!*¦ Bale* - Ktier AmnmnHleM.
The 4.7-inch gun which is used by the naval brigades in the South Africa war is regarded as one of the finest weapons in the world. It designed for a position gun, but by the exercise of considerable Ingenuity, it haa been made available in the Held, It forms the main armament of all ccpt the largest cruisers in the British navy and Is worked with remarkable ease and rapidity for Its size, it being capable of twelve rounds a minute in the hands of a skilled crew. It Is an eminently adaptable weapon, as it can be used to fire lyddite, corn-men shell with a base of fuse or shrap-nell with a time fuse The gun can be sighted to 8,000 yards or more than 4 1-2 miles, but it la effective at from 6 to 7 miles.
CAXLED CECIL RHODES.
The Cecil Rhodes, a small steamer of the Tanganyika Concessions, which la to be used In laying the wires of the CnpMo-Cairo telegraph line along the shores of Like Tanganyika, has
LM B STOCK IMPROVEMENT.
The diminutive pony and ponderous draft horse had a common ancestor. One got transported to the barren, bleak, tempestuous isles of Scotland, and the email, diminutive Shetland pony resulted. The other went to the rich lowland* of Normandy and Central Europe, and the ponderous draft horse was created.
When domestication takes place, climate loses a part of it a influence, because man cooperating with climate counteracts its effects.
We are taught that we shou'd breed from pure-breeds — yet our pure-bred animals are inferior to others in many Heredity is true, bu& it ie influenced and counteracted by other forces. So starting with most typical animals, if judicious breeding is not followed, the stock will deteriorate Into inferior animals, yet, nevertheless thoroughly pure-bred.
Heredity transmits with certainty only what have become fixed chavuc-teristiea. In every case the Influence of heredity is always present and never tails to assert itself in the reproduction of animal or vegetable life.
Men do not gather grapes from thorns, nor figs from thistles, nor do Jerseys produce Shorthorns, nor do draft horses beget trotters. Heredity
HOME DRESSMAKING
MISTLETOE.
ial,
After fitting, the bodies Is ready for stitching. All the Beams should have not
the appearance of being curved es- branches sold by the florists at picially well into the «lope of the Christinas time are imported from waist, but the curves must not be ab- England and other European coun-
lls botanical name is Viacom The American or ‘‘false mis-Phoradeudron grows on a
the back waist and the front ones to (rom N. Y to 111., and southward. Al-
phe though not as ornamental ua the Eng-
meï Ile finished til 1. two ««>•. %%%- Be.ï S’."',!." m-rfect I ikn ihe true gen us lb t'ri,ht'r ‘>7 overcasting or by b.mltng ailio Hbiuha „ hiob. wbeu abundant,
mmm ==#==
of the piloter or aculptor, or a true igim	to	,,,ave tlu,m fallly wi,|e i„ ,h. c.iao a i-i -o of the plant with ly wur.so. overtaken on thefc roo
in the place of i adding by filling up ticulnriy attractive, it gives a rath- Unpleasant us the piusptu Tie Best Bind ef ui h an Un spelled hollows. Th • underarm seam is also er peculiar and odd appearance to the having to beg shelter from a lraua-
, UiUell? left a lilll. wi lor thun fh./"."««•	^"55
Only very rich people can afford to o,tiers in ease the bodice requires to	ujgh, ou the open sandy plain.
krep white servants in South Africa, be altered, liut with tbrae ex,options pRrerpln,Nn vlln TMF fmperoR One of the i*u ly. huwevor, Ueordie All ordinary folk have perfore. to he ^e-kilf-inoh seam may he cun- PRESCRIBING FOR THE EM. LKOR.	^ ^ ^ many year.
content with the well-meant, If or- eidered an average width. Each seam r„„l||e, ..,wb,.„d Kk.slci.n	Whml Dutch, and
caaionally rather casual, ministrations l# iuit| (>lK.n and notched at the waist	|M rHllia#	h s umi6I-[ouk to bring matters to a
of the native "house-hoy."	to within an eighty-inch of the seam. The responsibilities of a physician micoomiuI termination and provide the hewn launched in England. Owing to
A. "boy" may he any age from It to Curved seams may also require one or are never ;ight but 8Uriq, OIili who ««liera with a shelter for the iitgni; portage9 whloh muat be made ln
40; but if he is very young he. is al- two notches above in order to make {Q pleKcribe for a ^tiont whom	'^‘riding poat lia. atone getting the boat to Its destinalon.
ways called an umfaan Ihe >est them lie flat.	he may neither question ur touch, and kratl* and outbuilding* to tbe red It has been constructed In detachable
of all servants is a Zulu, especmlly tf Uuod heavy pressing is very .«sen- wJl„m he hardliy darfta to look brick tarmli u* beyond, the trio w.re étions, and can be done-up machin-
govern	the	general	characteristics	Lhe Wllt* of civilization. »uch a .lay [{ ovvr lhe seam; .place a hot iron This is the condition of a Chinese doc- •y<r„ muvu apparent in his ill-lavored port of Portuguese East Africa neai
which determine the species, and the	"boy" is honest, sober, qu.ck, clean and over the dam,, cloth When fullness ^ wJl0 ie «a.led updo to attend the visage.	the mouth of the Zambesi
Tr:r	w“"1 rrf.,br "t"	.. »	r——;	s
breed, but when we come to individual ’	f Eng- co,,lacl of hvat and moisture. If gives a cuiious.y interesting story of hw Buer L stoned without budg*
this principle of heredity we would efter a httle practiM he does i . (b,a, lay a damp cloth over the glossed In October an imperial edict directed lb,,ir’ r„ugb en^mi,i.i minutely to dis-
mmwm eh-sss #=
glot dialect.	should no. prove successful rub the to report to the grand council. The “‘f’ îwal
rrxrcxmr s.'.BCsr.c
E5:1!SE>	:EB<w „ dSStrL-jrs
dily, and tak-ng on the new iuteuai- Some very queet sentences are often retched bv the toe of the iron The That audience was certain.y tor mi t- You can all enter, replied the Zulus and he won distinction for
_,,..	SSS EHEEBam
the law of variation has introduced an compound of Dutch, Zulu and English, m.,aris '()f wejlgh,( ^%%fk{ amoisturv. apartment in that position to the place nu \ er would you ^bave had from mal, where be won a brevet colonelcy undesirable quality, the environments and means: ' Take away the meat and rplin t	over this ;%art of dress- where the emperor and the dowager mo ui mine his night.	an<l a (\ B- in 1881-85 he accompnn-
S'E™™ ==S?:::I	!Bf—
It still more undesirable and an A lady once had a veiy guml u on a ieve[ Xvith the darts all the way	iia.i a troublesome irritation of i In the middle of the seventeenth fact t int in the fighting around » ua
T.....T :	a?sa-«a CHEESE	MfLHEB
We are now brought to e third -boy" their cards ; the third did not but the bo.lioe should always turn up ^ |j" nt ® “man seemed soUcitous falconry .tied oui I" It hasn’t died out. mark for the Dervishes. Gen. ( lery has law, or principle, that fundament- happen to have one with her. the wjth a facgng 0f 8ijk. Pointed bodices nt^>ut the nitient’s health and careful and is now w.ikmg from a long trance the name of being the ‘ sprucest and
.....-.......SSSS	«S —
sion, and which so frequently sets at misses got ticket; you*no got ticket, wiflo h woui,i have a contrary effect. .tsk IV questions of Ids majesty, the ii Europe he will be delighted, for he | bered, who tôok a French chef ef'rld
ggsszs
SMëWi beïhbWe^ 1S™|h!E3h=:|FE
il*
E3-S—12FS E w E?r'E IIsSiiHE	HB SÈËÿ##
'I h.s	and sent	Imnorted
dairy oow long before you could take while# it has a soft luster ihat suits m-ni over the ordinary way of cook- Miss Pepprey—Wihy, she doesn’t -Northumberland moors.	vaal ammunition has neen .. i
a deer and effect a change in her. sny complexion.	ing liver.	look as if sdie knew her own* name. . ^uue a number of Hawks are left from Germany and \'ram e,	t
¦«e »i iei aii is» ¦¦
iïSH H«* IHSS a* ¦«
P lu ,egard to in-anft-ln-hreeding and of line color, set with diamonds, is ter and some salt. Place in a mod- l don’t kuo>^ I guess so. lheres six- ^ ^	> lr,le' mu8t likely to lake shipment an
cross-breeding both axe abused In lovely.	erate oven aud bake for fifteen or teen of us.	v
either case the best is not accomplish-- ,%*, commend me to the ruby-the twenty minutes and serve with some Mrs. Nexdore-Does your husband
ïirrz ZL,. areas
EVJ&'iSErJf Z. s :£i«r.K,rh1Kr; tsfp-aa 'ras*.....................
increased size and vigor In produce, as a_0 font until this winter its use has ^ ^ca 1 k Ihree < upe of flour, viewer. One million dollars, leplhd well as increasing fertility. In-and-in- Q0*	common. Nearly every wo- 1 )vu 01 8Utfar, three-fourths cupful	fashionable novelist
breeding results in sterility. If you man nuW ;6 f»xperiuieutlng with this 6u'fe miwhites of six eggs, half spoken story—1 love you. breed for market, you want increased ornament. Even drop earrings are a ^ ,	°‘ butt« r, teaspoonful -of ladv who is now my wife.
iS'ttirirrscsrtS:irxzf--- ""	... ° jsjsr'5r.£..trr
otherwise, with the second cross, de-1 The Gerry women wear big one#— Apples fried in Halier—Beat three W(M.ef, m|ms Cayenne. He studies Urioratioa sets in. Cross your Berk- p srls nd pearls s added with dia- eggs well, -add a tablespoonful of >vlii,t ,md talks wh st, and reads •hire with the Yorkshire, or yo r m ndLs, and as their set is the mi st ex- sugar and three of Hour, slice the hist md dreams wh St, but I don't Shorthorns with the Hereford. They clu ive as well as the richest in New apples; dip them in the batter and , &.:»k he'd ever be so disrespectful and will be ready for the block quick-r York. 1 h«‘ fashion has the approval of fry in butter; take them up, sprinlke . .	,	..	. r._v 1,
But now iff you l the fashionables.	with powdered sugar and serve hot. # frivolous *	7
The English or true mistletoe does grow wild in America, and the
ten it but the following
Science
exemplify to a singular extruths of the statement that other than Is contain-
foiiud lo tent the
was
for Informal ion
ed in the pages of the Bible the IWN
a now In a u
tries, album, t le toe,”
i upt, but graceful ami gradual, mays
; he "American Queen.”
All back
flaveacens
Boer is as ignorant- us
age babe.
Some four or five moot 1 ju< perhaps, when race-fee king was
the Transvaal, three of
British South Africa Company's
distant about-
actiniH should slope to the centre of
since, and
ex-
I S
the centre of the front waist
ui its worst in
the
THE SOUTH AFRICAN “SLAVEY."
Themes
It will he taken up the Zambesi and Shire rivers and across country to Lake Nynssa, where It will be put together. pH|^| west shore of the lake it must again be taken out of the water and toted across land to Lake Tanganyika. The Cecil Rhodes if 80 feet long, 14 feet wide and 7 feet deep. Its freight capacity Is 40 tons and it has accommodations for four passengers.
GEN. SIR FRANCIS CLERY.
characteristics, which have never uc-
At Karcnga on the north-
every sense, be just the same aa parents. The law of variation acts in
Hi#
variation, will be a better animal. If

ally governs breeding or that
j

er
hfLS
the
i
Piui, blue and
and change her progeny into a good universally becoming
Stand by the old herd
i
v .

CHANCE OF ATHLETES
Farmer—Yes, l want a
g(x>d jum| erf
Applicant—Jujnperf Well, yes You could jump a barbed-wire fence much 11 ouble, I s'posef Urn—1 s’pose so.
Well, that's all right then; you II do.
of our bulls is a l<*etle
OVER SCRUPULOUS.
Agnes—Why, 1 don’t see how you can Hunk that
honest.
Grace—You would if you knew one who was too honest to even steal a kiss.
Are
man
i
you
a young man can be too
without
You see some wild.
It was a I told it to
SOUNDED SO.
Mack O'Rftll—That “
graleiul to Daino Fortune.
Luke A arme—In what way?
Mark O'lfoll—XV hy, he found a diamond in the street the other day, and guess whnt he Bald.
Luke XVarme—Can’t imagine.
Mack O Bell—'1 Mh ii hard lurk.
man ia very un-
A SIMPLE REMEDY.
me eometthlng to stop it"
«top-
tnd »* lees ncynsu
X
###PAGE###3###
(fttoed two stools, and In the middle	fpTfTjl nn i n	i im mTTfl	T TflM	|cn*r <>f rejection of the ultimatum Af-
of (he floor « large crystal ball on	1 ]l£j Dill Alt	AllU ill El	JLllUili	ghuriiatao must be subjugated
» bronze stand. That was all, except	attack of I lie Indus i« only feasible
the silver hanging lump, which burn-	™	ifroiii Kandahar over lierai. I he au- | "*	Tew my Alltiii* <»ei§ HI» Idlers le
®d blue, and added 10 the funereal	RUSSIA’S PLANS FOR	THE INVASION	(fior uigca the necessity of using ie-'	War	Time*,
g loom of tin* room.	OF BRITISH INDIA.	I gulnr troop*. instead of Kirghiz and
The Inner rhimber, which was light-	_ 'iurkosian hkirmishers, who are vio-
od by sis can Ulus set iu sconce# round _ _	.	_	.	«... .. lent ly hated by the Afghans
the wall, was almost as bare. A kind	'* 0,1	... Uf 1,1,1 1 " 1 rn " !	army necessary for ihis o.irn|mign will
of altar at the further end bore two	wl u >l,,rk Wrl1 r" 1,1 * K,,% lwM ""l	b - ulvi led in t wo detachments; first, «patch letters, says the London Dally
Not redame said, kindly.	I foutd tny g tea I tomes, continually o|am. In	iriui^imni byn trrarbNM«-ll«w Itrn*	un army marching upon Kandahar, to Mail
M tie Vui^cho louât ud at h ui lor a company good enough.	7 bin Mon- the middle of the floor was an astro-	‘ 1,1	Venqarred ie i»M»ny D*	ruriitiH, 0f i,k ; 01 troops of all varieties
moment as iu he weiu m timed to ask	?i,,ur de V dochu is	ol	Ibis country; labs on an ebony pilar, and the floor	M,lbl',le	of si vice, with Wl guns, supported by
hun whit bu.Mn**as it w is oi	h.s bin	14,1	8 rich	man,	I	understand.	*	itself was einhrui Jere I in white, with	"While Ureal Britain	is at	present	a reserve of 57,10) men, with 51 guns,
illFEi ieee	Bf Eili
“wuudu/ I he man in black said, ^Mtdame de Vidocbe was of 1 >im ^nm> ,le|wn,|m| on j hlgher tango of Lrnr^ful ulid'unicr upuloL* foe' The	I**»»8	'mpoNnnk ns they Middlesex Rifle Volunteers Is a postal
•tL,. vM„b. rj; j.....	tssLa;-.rM5uk .« -	«sm &
plied, with imxlc politeness. 1 ae- , ?	. g’ ,y . K	i,ut | «nd silence on the conscience, and Eastern frontier, uow going on, may J^hort-i'esli.iwui-Kabul !¦¦¦¦
C4jpt the ecu*isoiion."	i	J	* ,Ve	rllp r Wea des	and	n^ove “ R perhaps, on his knowledge	indicate that her	vague fears	are soun	would b, the end of the second cam
“Vet tnere is one th ug to be wild	8ne h 18 a	h -use	in 1 ars bes.tif s,	nnu	i of ,he worj,lth.m
even then,' tbd astrologer continued, e‘* 'J88* I hear, in the south- in « 1 Jnio the mi 1st of alt this came that	I
alow ly lea uing .oiward, uud, us f Ly	. shrinking, terrified little mortal, *lltt Indian establishment,	, . illh,
‘bring* T	"Périgord :g.i:: Th.Tb Jd“ now." f,^Lr in«,7lk» quia'«Æ “ rZ I," ' ,17 bel of t llllaod «rd 7un
pip^	mm-. :*ei !¦ I
41 de Vidocbe, who may have had ed, Henry IV. built the Place Loyale.	., ’ . „ , fuc employed elsewhere. The mutual aili- li„h army of occupation, 2 00 U These ; low if required,
some key m his own breast which un- You wi.l not find it cal Lui by that hnnizimrs t h » sku h' it.d boms tu le of Russia and Eng.und is full of would have to be brought from Europ- a was in the Egyptian campaigns
¦¦¦¦aï*
1EE~ EÜH il* EEBEr üüg lüül
his attentions on M. de Vidocbe. He and, when viewed from the proper 8 degree, look the place of fear, lie eventually the conflict between the Persia, In the north by Gazareh Moun- ‘ Tommy Atkins, who looks upon them turned politely to madame, and made quarter, attractive enough—have an- '	°	**?'1 ll* u.v 1(wo Powers ia inevitable. He even tains, in tlv* east by India and in the as the only means o re icving
mtsssæææ r£^ iti£FH	rrzsz b'
tlnue” for Jeb!.n8wâ™ wiling in: i Ie »re u,,. rough ei.lr of the cloth. ih« will, cockroacbui. and no longer want- eonvic:ion of all classes of Russian BRIDE'S COSTLY TROVSSEAV. the troop- is ml re».I y enormous, and
tfa« door wat, long xv.lh a Inghleued.	1	"nô	ïbe‘asu"!oge'r saw the change in the ^°pl® J( is' 'i-e^fore, the question No such rosily trousseau wa. ever f® “gTbtT.r «Tundred m°“o' 0“'
fascinated gate his master s every ,,,rats I here and so k bus always lad, and perhaps was not wholly pleas- how Uns campaign should be under- dreamed of In the western world as to deal with it ; but so skilled is your act and movement. *1 do not wonder beeQ Thj * J)e Th()U dj(1 not knofv ed with it. Ily and by be took steps taken, and not whether it should be js now being purchased for a fifteen- London sorter or postman that it only
mii I ttU[ael* lbo	ïhî ana- ftnd Bran tom* only guessed at, were *? I,.,nit ‘f;. ^°e day he found Johan undertaken, that forms the subject of y(.ar.0|a Jupene^e girl from u sum set requires some six of th<>m to look all
«s, :«iÆ, <r,v	«* ,»-•	- x-a-urr. ssWi-
‘*V«s, he ia gi/od-looktng," the man tha( myflterious disease of which Gab- °°uth creature leap over his hands, l,eRin the war, according to theauth- quarter mill ons of dollars.	soldier, and the London presa wag
In black rejoined. “There Is one rie,|e d*L8trees died after eating a aad tickling it with a straw. The or. by successively annexing Herat and A1| retorded extravi.gmce-i of Am- unanimous in its praises of the 24th thing which men of science sell that citroQ ftl /amepi_ali( moro lban we boy rose on his entiance and shrunk Kandahar, as well as British lielueh- vrican money kingd or pjuropean ruy- Middlesex, a* the steadiest and moat
H?ï Ax E EmSvE	-Z"—::	“2S? %
the first time with attention.	llilO, a day mvmorabic in history, was called him back. :** You are begin- the creation of a protectorate over the deminds, hnwefer, that this young On foreign 8ervire_thF mefL_we»r
“A love-philter,” he answered, cour- gcxisi^p down th^re a month Iiefore. ninK to forget,’’ he said, eyeing the remainder of Afghanistan, and, last- on Le arLed on no |PSH plVish a (he Engineer uniform ; at home the
M—rr SHSSi	..SSS:
“Are there such things? • she maid. ”Ib ways of the Louvre and Petit Trian- “Whose are your	bedev, wrcuinstanct s may arise which ^ b lhe prmcehB ha.ia, publicly be- Uaffle^-Thwnpson.
it truef-I mean, I always thought on. U* who wrote,e*Under the king’s Jehan looked this way and that. At v\ill make it necessary to invade India lrulii45d on aNov 3 ia,Li un tbe occa-that they were a child's tale.”	hearth-stone are many cockroaches,*’ length, with dry lips, he muttered, proper [u order tü give a coup de
mmm mmm te - ir-.......................................................
powder. 7 ou t.ike the queen s her , mi|e from the pjaR6 loyale, on the man would have his answer, and al you sneeze; the drug of J a race, bus, verge of the Quartier du Marais. The l*st Jehan whispered, “ The devils.” you sleep; wine, you see double. W ny hoiuea on 0Dd aide uf , be 8treel h ld ” That Is better,” the astrologer said le tb* powder of attraction more won- (heir backs to the river, from which coldly. ” Do you know what this derful than the. W Or if you rema n lbey were divided only by a few paces isf”
unconvinced,“ he continued more 0f fuu| foreshore. These houses He held up a glass bowl. Tbo boy lightly, "look round you, madame, were older than the opposite row, were recognized it and his hair began to You ree young men loving old women, irregularly built, and piled high with "Ue. But be shook bis bead, the high-!>oin abying themselves with gables and crooked chimneys. Here " It ie holy water,” tie man in the vulgar, the ugly enchanting the i*ud there , a beetle-browed passage black said, his maall, cruel eyes, du-be/iutiful. You see a hundred inex- led beneath them to th© river; and one vou ring the boy. ’ Hold out your plicable matches. Believe me, It is out of every two was a tavern, or hand.”
we who make them. I tpeak without worse. !A fencing-sohool and a gam- Jehan dared not refuse. "This will , ^ minutest detail, consists of four
jsrt; %%",%%% a »r,r-Ti..,
of other ithiRer (hin her eyes "	a cul-iie-eae, being closed by a siiuat If not, water will Lot hurt you. If so, won of tile technicalities which natur- lb, reform he Princess hsda is hav-
Mariame tovina dlv wiih a 'plat*	house,	built out of the ruins of if you are his forever and ever, to do ally abound in a work of this kind lhe ing not only a profusion oiinigmf.-
h«7r,<Mrds on lhe table sighed un old water gate-way that had once his will and pleasure, then it will burn first of these campaigns has the di- cent Japenese eosi urnes fashioned "And vet tbevLv matches a re made "ood there. The windows of this like fire I"	,	reel object to oc.U1.y Uerat. For this from tie costliest sui.fa by the clev-
in ll!!n •• kh, nLln.ir«d anf Iv house were never unshuttered, the At the last word he nuddcnly sirln- task the author considers an army of erest hands (hit the country af.orda,
.f ’	1 murmuiea, aomy. door WA8 a^dom opened In the day- kled 8v>ine with a brush on the boy’s 21,1.0) m^n with 48 guns, supported by but mu*L also be equipped with Un-
it is from heaven - Irom ina stars ,igbt< ,t Wus lhe abode of Solomon hand. Jehan leaped bark with a «hrick a reverse army of 28,10) and 54 guns lets of Parisian slump Many 01 the -we derive our knowledge, ne ans- ^olrodum0i Once a week or so the of pain and, holding the burned hand sufficient. These troops jan be irn- f.nesi jewels in the world ave being we red, in the name tone.	astrologer's somber figure might be 1 to his breast, glared at his master mediately provided from the truns- gai hared to set off Her Highness’s del-;
But his face!—it was well ahe did 8t?en entering or leaving, and men at with starting eyes.	Caspian	provinces,	Turkes’.an	and Rate skin and dusky	hair,
not «er that I And before more passed, tavern doors would i#oin t at him, and ” It burns ” said the astrologer, piti- Caucasus.	The question	of military |	A.y Prince Kujo,	the Crown Pnn-
M. de Vidoche bloke into the conver- bIutternly women, leaning out of win- Ieas’y " It * burns. It is ns I said, operations, of the possible movements c« s-eleci’s fa: her. ia far from rich, 'be aution. "What rubbish is this?” be docs, cross themselves. But few in You are his. His I After this I think of the enemy, stores and sup- quest iou < tune up ae to who should «old, speaking roughly to his wife, the Rue Touohet knew that the house you will remember. Now go.”	plies, is solved, at least on paper, to settle the bills for this extraordinary
“Have you finished/ Then let us pay had a second dour, which did not open Jehan went away, shuddering with the apparent satisfaction of - be auth- bridal i rray. Princv Kuju coni ribui-ihls rascally land'ord and be oit. If on the water, as the back doors of horror and pain, Rut the lesson had or. After the occui»tion of Herat the ed f lut) 0:0, and saiu ihat was all he you do not want to iq>eod the night the river-si dr» houses did, but on a not the precise effect intended. He main question is how the English will ooiuld g.ve. The royal house came on the road, that Is. Where are tbo«e quiet street loading to it.	! continued to fear his master, but he chose to defend their Indian p^osFcs- l0 t he mscue with $400.000 more. But
fools of servants ?”	AI Notredame’s house was, in fact, began to hate him also, with a pas- « uns. There are .hose among t he tha • was not enough.
He rose, and went to the door and double, and served two sorts of sioante lasting hatred, strange In a English military stiioents who differ, So the Ed peror «iwided that $700,-ahouted for them, and came back 6liants. Great ladies and courtiers, child. Though be still shrunk anl as to the most advisable methods of 000 left by tùe late Dowager Empre-ss sod took up him cloak and hat with wives of the long robe and city ma-1 crouched in his presence, behind his defense in su-. h an emergency. Lords Ytdsho. Priions Sada’s aunt, should much movement and bustle. But it damra, came to the door in the quiet back he was no longer restrained by Hcbrte l^wrence, Napier, l he*ms- be devoted to t hi lexcellent purpose
STAS woM«,.a rul,™ PA».».
Some, treated in this cavalier fash- j in a room divided Into two by scarlet "There goes a woman.” *aid he girl, | ability of occupying certain points & ^ g,	a], ûight if you knew
EÊÉÜÉEEÜi	ypsSH
light of I ho oandle» threw into high rude of uncouth vessels and vial», and oourw ,re nine out of ten ol HL'.le TO DEAL WITH THE EMIR. mmu J, dinner U Irk, ly to be the bel"* worn, 'hough h' small ones pre-
ppSI a# mtm ]WÊÈm wmm Sf*5^
mm wmm immmmr "
SLSfjsSc gsigag sS s^sr-FS-s
3#:=:: kh™s IWs-W:
-ibeek growing pale.	overawe the vulgar, and often «truck the funeral. Coming down the steps manding tus soquiescence in the Bus-
"Poeaibly,” the astrologer ans- terror Into the boldest ruffians the I noticed m/ friend, but the fi ling of sun occupation of the most important we red. "In that or any other case— Rue Touohet could boast.	[eorrow was too fresh upon ms to per- strategic I^nt, the sejeratiou of
^ mm	mm#
BATTLE FIELD POST OFFICE*.
/
For Love and Fame.
Ihe
%
*
At one time It was ImpoemnS for our troops engaged on active service in u foreign land to receive end de-
#
The
e:*-» 6
CHARTEii 111.—Continued.
I
Dut now ail that is change and no matter where he goes, or in what
________"Ah! so ric h that ane i uuua, » arrangea in a nrcie. A «eat
could but d our castle bore from the for the astro.uger «tool near the al-
Madame <ie Vidoehe was of Pins
are here in England. Every non-com-
employe, most of them being sorters or postmen in the Lindon postal districts, each district having its own
This
tie
peugn
to bo realized
company.
The "Army Post-office Corpr" Is the "M'* Company of the 24th. The " L H Company is the Field Telegraph Corps attached on active service to the Roy»
j up; end of Tin; wail
as the
About 130 men are already on their to the Cape, and more will fol-
And
The Post-
o
be-
teiou of a long sene* ui gorgeous fetes, lo Llid imperial Highness xu»hi iiiio, tike CTovvu Prince. lu hi Liito is uuly twenty year» old and in rattier trail
n HHHHüHHHÉHHBHHHpIÉ
a toy be Mikado : ome day. Therefore
hi v bride bad to be iboson with great dren,” said one of the sterner sex ye»» . ..	.	, , ,	.	.	. . tare.	terd .y, " hut that is. I believe, a great
.•?:.ud‘?,.1	*• «*•
ways connecting Asia Minor, Persia, K'ljo aud a me in her of ine noble lam- agin« tha men genera >	>
Turkestan. Relut hlMan. Caucasus and ^ of Fuji war*. which has already the little ones. No doubt there sire e
supplied me Japanese ibrune wnb [ew crusty old bnehtdors in the world
who would be horribly annoyed by pattering feet and shrill little voices m the hails and on ihe stairs, but I must confess I like to bear these noise#, and
I find by questioning a number of my friends, all young, unmarried men —that they do «Usa. 1 he children sort of hume-y atmosphere
tub luvk ok a CHILD.
" There's a very general idea abroad in the land that men don’t care to board in a house where there are cbil*
THE KEY TO INDIA
In order to fully understand the importance of Herat it is necessary to consult a map. Herat has been call-
Neven hcle»a hu wilt pruu-
India, but it dominates the only route u;on which a modern army with sup-
«ûuie than a few empreaSvS. li is well known luai a Japanese em-The plan press or a princess of ihe royal bouse
plies and s; ores can move
ot war, .18 worked out by thi author to	loafer euuüne beraelr to the
Japanese drtss, bui on a*l formal occasions musu appear in European cos-
tumes
give a
that’s very pleasant to even the most comfort leas planes.
“Taking one thing with another, l believe men are fonder of children than women are, anyhow. What 1 ' } that more men than women fond of them. 1 know plenty of the gentler sex who wouldn’t think of going to a boarding-house where youngsters were admitted and 1 know just as many men who seek out those places and obtain a certain amount of com/art end satisfaction In tlieir lonely lives in inn kin g friends with the youngsters and spending valuable time repairing sundry broken toys, or telling wonderful sioruw in which giants figure to an amazing extent.
A child's affection is a very delightful thing.
c<l to be 11 ing ou 11 »
There tire half n dozen little ones In the house where I board, and 1 am the familiar friend of every one of them. It’s a very delightful and absorbing acquaint an <*, and I’m fast developing into A story-teller of much
marked ability that I'll make a fortune, in this wuy, no doubt, after awhile.”
mmn is
are
?
host men feel flatter-•v.t of even a mu Id lik-.rff the smail tyrants.
THE HACK-STAND PHILOSOPHER.
The giT that dye# his hair don’t fool

also prove* very expensive. From Paris come mosi dainty 11 tie éventail*, with exquisite!? paint* ed views of favorite resort* in os*
corner on eturaen sain. Burn u» au, Pau. Monte Carlo, or Nice. The reel of t he fan is covered with sparkling paillettes in banks of color, and >U handles are tied with a bunck of Ik* favorite flower of the place.
oc-
TÎ1K JOYS OF ANTICIPATION
Said Mrs. Gadabout, who had come to e;iend the day, to little Edith : Are you glad to see me again,
Edith f
Yert m m. and mamma's glnd too, replied the child
Is she f
Yea. mm
AN EXTRA BRAND
Now, William, Utu’t this rnftee as
your mother ssed In
Shr> said she hoped you’d come today and have it over with-
g«M)d aü that m ike f
It ia better than that she made at
Hat It
Ellen—mutvh better
home
isn't a* good as that she used Ie for church socials-
k»
HIS EXPERIENCE.
M ye. r—Don't you know that the u#e of tobacco shorten# your day# f (Iyer—Yes. I'm *»ure it doe#.
Myer—Then why uo you u*e It Î G ye r—For lirai very reason I once ,0_. tried to quit it. and tLe days were lu!aht o< a week loi «
LOVELY WOMAN,
Aekit—When doe# a woman éb strate that abti bas s way of her ml Tellit—When ah* can't he*# her###
way.
i
###PAGE###4###


PREPARE
KO ENTS	People won't be deceived >' ith |
American Histories of the wnr pu i filched : now, as the war is only commenced, i
THE MARKETS.
THE EQUITY.
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . . •
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard> at mill, lift to (Mr Oats per bushel, lilt to 27c.
Pease per hu«hel, tw to OOe.
Kggs, per dozen, Hk Hotter, per pound, IS to L'Jv.
I Wool, per pound. Is to 20c.
Hay, per ton ; s«\.oo to $7.t>u. Calfskin». 801 <*>
Pork,per 10ft Pw Heel per Means, i
Hides, per IftO pon Pelts, vuvl
Handle our t>vo-volume Canadian manu
First volume ready
Por Sugar-Making !
SHAWVILLE. MAR. 22, 1900.
t
factured work
complete to date, thus you get
published
moon
commission. Second volum
Spring Time.
EDITORIAL NOTES.
Why waste time Prospectus
when war is over with incomplete free.
Dale Bros.
hook'
A big strike of machinists in the t ailed States and Canada may take place next month. 100,000 machinists will it m said go out, the result of which will be the shutting down for an indefinite time of manufactories having an aggregate cap ital of millions of dollars. Chicago labor troubles are responsible for the disagreement which is expected to precipitate tho strike.
LIN SCOTT VVm.ISHlNO CO.,
Toronto
MOOloSlVÂX S.'.ini to (kVîVü. *13 to *1.80.
K to.m to fctH'O to «rt.l'D.
OÜR
tiNI I
VCîEXTS The ln>* handle our
u of the century
yc
SHAWVILLE,
Nineteenth Century " hook.
tattles. great
U
Describes nil tht* g
great Inventions and discoveries ¦ n i ¦¦tnt of tiu
Haye now In stock
men
progress of natIons Dri ft hia!. history of South Vi i
Spain, and Big

a superior line of
lull
are of two patterns
WOOD FR/\ME and STEEL FRAME.
OTTAWA
\
I

1
Sap Buckets
V
Xfrica to date, war wit
¦-S
Butter in i hui
i
un
every great e' book, well ill
» 1
bust
f
N
I'll
I
to which they would call the at ten lion of parties engaging in sugar or
syrup-nmking.
o
Latest intelligence from the seat of war lers indicates that there has been a remarkable change in the fortunes of the British forces since Roberts invaded the Orange Free State. The reverses which the Boers are meeting with, has had a very demoralizing effect upon them, and *he spirit of dogged resistance which charac terized their actions during the earlier stages of tho campaign, is no longer apparent. The Free Staters are evidently growing heart-sick of the struggle, and many of them, recognizing that the game s |up, are voluntarily coming in and stacking their arms around the victorious standard of Great Britain. The Trana-vaalers, being the prime movers in the unfortunate trouble, which has resulted in so much carnage, may be expected to be more obdurate, but the day of their subjugation also is iu sight.
Beef per 100 IU., to Lamb per Ik. 0 to Or. Mutton pvt* Ik. •*’ to Sv. Veal peril»., I to8v.
Pork, heavy, H».èk ght, *73.
Live hogs, select Live hogs, heavy. * 1.Ô0. Hides per 100, 80.00 to *0 Oat> per lmshel. 20 to 00c Potatoes per hag, 7.">c.
\\, L t d. Hrant for
BRADLEY G.VIUtETSON t
OUR DISK HARROW
O
l

GRAND
Mho on hand u goodjlue of
Is acknowledged by all farmers to be the best with lightest draught
STOVES, TINWARE, AGATEWARE, &c.
1
PATRIOTIC
z
/
:>o
ENTERTAINMENT I

Ti
HIGHEST PRICE PAID

for Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Cowhides.
The citizens of Bristol Corners purpose holding a grand Entertainment, for the benefit of the Canadian Patriotic Fil 'd, in the Public Hall,
Bristol Corners,
on the Evening of
Wav in South Africa." Two
AGENTS
t
Our Combined
First contains complete him
volumes
ton of country and wav to date ; tells about our contingents, giving names of
SEEDER and DRILLER.
Lime I
at mx
officers and men. Second volume to be published when \s or is over ad inn manufactured !>ook. cancels their order for American books when seeing ours. If a hustler, this is your gold mine. Prospectus free. BRADI F.Y GAItRKTSOX CO., L t d.
Brantford.
Everybody |This Machine can be changed
from Drill to Broad cast Seeder in the twinkling of an eve.
V
Friday, March 30, 1899.
Lime I
The Program will consist of
The undersigned desires to inform the public that he is putting for the manufacture of li will have a supply at an early date.
up a draw kiln ime, and that he of the latter oil hand
ADDRESSES
by several rev. and other gentlemen and others who have been invited ;
On Tuesday last Mr. Bourassa, the youthful lepresentative of Labelle county, moved his want of confidence motion disapproving of the Government's course, sanctioning the despatch of Canadian troops to Africa without first consulting Parliament. He made a long speech,
bristling with pro-Boer proclivities, and | Doors open at T o'clock attempts to defend old Kruger, the arch plotter, upon whose head rests the blood
of thousands of brave men, and the need-1 GOD SAVE THE QVEKX
Spring
Season isnow
Shoes
ROBT. .STOREY, Clarendon Front
VOCAL & INSTRUMENTAL IRUSIC,
SMART & SMITH.
Including Instrumental Duets, Selections 1 the Violin by a Bristol young lady, j Songs and Choruses ;
on
Business
Booms
RECITATIONS, DIALOGUES, &c.
Chair taken at 7.30
USUAL PRICES OF ADMISSION.
9
lees expenditure of millions of treasure His arguments were neither strong nor! Provincial elections that prepared in convincing, and when Sir Wilfrid subse- ! accordance with the Election Act of this quontly took his rebellious follower in province. The qualification c uises of hand, he speedily dissipated every vestige j the Act are as follows : of the case which Mr. Bourassa presented. | The following persons, and no others,
The Premier's speech was a most eloquent | ^og	%wty"by'C%
effort and intensely patriotic throughout, natural zation, and not otherwise le and the sentiments he gave utterance to j gaily disqualified, shall be entered upon were given ready credit for by tremen- ! the list of electors :
dou, burst, of .pp!,u.e on both side, of ofSTed,’ Zrdwg'tô
the Home. Had Sir Wilfrid only po. the va,£#t£n r'0u in (orCe, at a sum of at
aessed the sagacity to have demonstrated ! ieaat throe hundred dollars in real value,
such a feeling of patriotism at the initial * in any city municipality entitled to re
stage of this question he would have I ^rii one or more members to the Legis-,	..	.	,	, lative Assembly, or two hundred dollars
«aved himself a volume of severe snd m rea, v&,ue twenty dollars in aanuai
well-merited criticism, and he would have va|ue in any other municipality ;
occupied a much bigger place in the j 2.—Tenants in good faith, paying an
hearts of the overwhelming majority of j annual rent, for real property, of at least
the people of this Dominion, neither,	mo", "members To'
could he be charged with the inconsistency I the Legislative Assembly, or at least
which his course suggests.	twenty dollars in any other municipality;
provided such real property be estimated | according to such valuation roll, in real I value at, at least, three hundred dollars I in any city municipality entitled to return one or more members to the Legislative Mr. Poupore, M. P., has sent a copy of Assembly, or two hundred dollars in any
the letter which appears below, to every i other municipality ;	...
ms,or in the county, w.th a view to hav- j	clmZouZ
ing the name of every man who has the necessary qualifications to vote, placed on
the list for the respective municipality to j commonly known as rentiers (annuitants),
who, in virtue of a deed of donation, sale
.	.	,	. .	. . a	, or otherwise, receive a rent in money or
the broad view that notwithstanding j effectg of a value 0f at ieast 0De hundred
what a man's opinions may be politically, I dollars, including lodging and other
he should, if qualified, be given the right | things appreciable in money ;
to hi. franchise, and allow him to exercise .5- Farmers’ son. who have been work-
,t as he deems fit, and in this regard we , iu*h farm auffieient value, if divided feel assured every fair-minded man will I equally between the father and son as coproprietors, to qualify them as voters under this act, or who have been working on their mother a farm, for the same
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of SAP BUCKETS MILK PAILS,
MILK PANS BREAD PANS.
DISHES of all Kinds waa always on our aide and as long as our
-	-	forces held defensive positions far within
Her Majesty’s colonies, such a declaration ,	. .	. , ..,
„i,h, hu„ ,h, feeling, „,d _	». :	CStoCS
British people.	, of No. 14 on the 4th Range of Clarendon,
44 But now that the prestige of the j after 1st of April. 19UU, without obtaining British Empire may be considered to be j m)' permission. 1 •artivs found so doing assured by the capture of one of our wdl be dealt with according to law.
forces by Her Majesty’s troops, and that	1	^ HOIK.lNh.
AT THE PEOPLE S STORE
Parkman
of all kinds
because the public have come to fully realise that good Goods and Moderate Prices are prominent elements in the make-up of this Store,
;
at wholesale prices.
McBOTOALL & CUZITER,
Write to us
;
Sussex Street, Ottawa-
O
Having than established a reputation for doing the square thing by our eus tomers, we Intend to keep right along in this groove, at the same time keeping an observant eye to their varied wants in the several lines of merchandize we handle,
>
CAUTION.
VLSO A FELL LINE OF
AGATEWARE
an inspection of which is invited
n—
Our stock will always be found fresh, up-to-date and well assorted.
Stoves.
we have thereby been forced to evacuate
The balance of our stock of Stoves to ! ether positions which our force, h.d occupied, that difficulty is over and we can
no longer hesitate to clearly inform your
government and people, in the eight of
the whole civilized world, why we are
fighting and ou what conditions we are
ready to restore peace.”
salisbcry's reply.

CEO. HYNES,
be cleared out at reduced figures
SILAS YOUNG.
C. E. WAIN MAN
I
la Your Name on the Voters
List ?
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER.
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
Shawville-
P. S.—Top price for Hides and Pelts.
Lumber
The Marquis of Salisbury, to the presidents of the South African republic and the Orange Free State :
41 Foreign Office, March IL—I have the honor to acknowledge your honors' telegram, dated March 5, from Bloemfontein, of which the
London, March 13.—A Parliamentary t0 demand that paper containing the telegrams sent to ment shall recognize the ‘ incontestable in-the British Government by the Preai- dependence ' of ihe South African repub -dent of the South African Republic and lie and Free State, 1 aa sovereign inter-the Orange Free State, and Great Brit- national states,’ and to offer on those ain’e reply thereto was issued this after- terms to bring the war to a conclusion, noon. It first gives the telegram seul by “ In *he beginning of October last the two Presidents to the Marquis of P<*ce existed between Her Majesty and Salisbury, as follows :	the two republics under conventions
Bloemfontein, March 5.—The blood which were then in existence. A discus-and the tears of thousands who have suf- 8'0n bad been proceeding for
fered by this war and the prospect of all months between Her Majesty's govern an invasion which has entailed upon the moral and economic ruin wherewith ment and the South African republic, of Empire a costly war and the loss of If there are more sons than one, they	gouth Afrjca je now	threatened make it	which the object was to obtain redress	thousands of precious lives. This great
shall all be entered, in so far as the value	neceBiary foi both	belligerents to aak	for certain very serious grievances under	calamity	has been the penalty Great
of the property permits thereof ; the el- themselves passionately and as in the sight which the British residents in South Af« Britain has suffered for having of recent dest being entered first;	of the Triune God for what are they fight- rica were suffering. In the course of years acquiesced in the existence of the
6.—Proprietor’s sons, residing with	and whether the aim of each justifies	those negotiations, the South African re-	two republics.	In	view of the i_
their father or mother; such sons and	an this appalling misery and devastation,	public had, to the knowledge of Her	which the two republics have put the p
such property being, and the entry being With this object and in view of the as Majesty’s government, made considerable tion which was given them and the call made, in accordance with the conditions étions of various British statesmen to armaments and the latter had consequent- ities their unprovoked attack has inflict-set forth in paragraph 5 of this article ; the effect tjiat thie rar wa| begun and is ty taken steps to provide corresponding ed on Her Majesty’s dominions, Her Ms 8 —Farmers sons exercise the above	being carried on with the met purpose of	reinforcements of the British garrisons	jetty's government can only answer your
rights, even if the father or mother are	undermining Her Majesty’s authority in	at Cape Town and in Natal. No in-	honors' telegram	by	saying they are not
tenants or occupants only of the farm.	South Africa and of setting up an admin-	fringement of the rights guaranteed by	prepared	to assent to the independence
They exercise them in the same maa	Oration over all of	South Africa inde-	the conventions had up to that point |	either of	the South African republic or
ner as if they were proprietors sons, with pen(|ent of Her Majesty's government, taken place on the British aide. Sud- the Orange Free State." this difference, that it is the annual value we insider it our duty to solemnly de- denly, at two days' notice, the South Af of the farm which is the basis of the elec-	clare tjiat lhie war was undertaken solely	rican republic, after issuing an insulting
toral franchise, as in the case of para-	aa a defensive measure to maintain the	ultimatum, declared war upon Her Ma
graphs 1 and 2 of thie article ;	threatened independence of the South jeety and the Orange Free State, with
9.	—Temporary absence from the farm , Afrlcan republic and is only continued in whom there had not even been any dis
or establishment of his father or mother, 0Ider to secure and maintain the incon* cussion, took a similar step. Her Ma during six months of the year in all, or testable independence of both republics jeety's dominions were immediatily in absence as a “student shall not deprive	sovereign international states, and to	vaded by the two republics, siegt
the son of the exercise of the electoral	0btain the assurance that those of Her	laid to three towns within the B
franchise above conferred ;	Majesty's subjects who have taken part frontier, a large portion of two colonies
10.	— Priests, missionaries and ministers with us in this war shall suffer no barm were over-run with great destruction of
of any religious denomination, domiciled whatever, in person or property. On property and life, and the republics for upwards of five months in the place theBe editions, but on these conditions claimed to treat the inhabitants of ex for which the list is made ;	alone>	arc we noW| a8	,n the past, destr-	tensive portions of Her Majesty's domin
11.	— Persons who reside in the elector	oug	geein : peace re-established in South	ion# as if those dominv i * had been
al district, and draw, from their salary or Afr,ca; while, if Her Majesty's govern nexed to one or to the other of them. In wages, in money or in effects, or from raent is detennined to destroy the inde- anticipation of these operations, the some business, employment, trade or pro pendence 0f the republics there is nothing South African republic had bebn accumu fession, or from some investment in Can-	Ieffc tQ	u$ aud to our	pe0pie but to per-	lating for many years past military stores
ada, a revenue of at least three hundred	gevere	t0 the end in	the couree already	on an enormous scale, which, by their
dollars per annum; provided they have begun In spite of the overwhelming character, could only have been intended drawn such revenue, and have soresided, preieminence of the British empire, we for use against Great Britain, during one year immediately before the are confident that that God who lighted 44 Your honots make some observations preparation of the list.	the unextinguishable fire of love of free- of a negative character upon the object
dom in the hearts of ourselves and of our with which these preparations were made, fathers, will not forsake us, and will ac I do not think it nectary to discuss the complish His work tn us and in our des questions you have raised. But the rr-cendants. We hesitated to make this	suit of these preparations, carried on with
declaration earlier to Your Excellency as	greet secrecy, has been that the British
we feared that as long as the advantage	Empire has been compelled to confront
Sawing !
or trustees ;
4—Retired farmers or proprietors
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
Boers Appeal to Salisbury
purport is principally Her Msjesty
s govern
which he belongs. Mr. Poupore takes
I desire to inform the public that I will do
CUSTOM SAWING
I also keep a complete stock of t une-ral Furnishing*, ranging from the niai nest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
at the rate of
$2 per 1000 feet, Cash.
SHINGLES cut at 80c. per 1000.
be heartily In accord with him :
Ottawa, Feb. 25th. 1900
some
To the Mayor of Dear
Aa the law requires that the voter’s used in Federal elections are
time
SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
lista to I
those which are prepared last before the election takes place, it is necessary that your Council should take particular pains that all the votes should be put on the list who are entitled to vote, regardless of the political leanings of any
The letter and spirit of the law is, that every man of age who is a British subject and possessing the other qualifications necessary, should have a vote, and as the representative of the County, I feel it my duty to ask you to see that every eligible voter is put on the list, no matter what side of politics he may happen to be on.
As the object of elections is to obtain a free, unbiased expression of the electorate, it is my desire to see that principle carried out in Pontiac as it should be throughout Canada.	Yours truly,
W. J. Poupore.
To the carrying out of this principle it is very essential, however, that individu als affected should look after their own
nv
JOHN J. MoCLBARY,
SHAWVILLE.
Januaiy 22,1900.
uie to
on-
one
am
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
ït: taeszavA »:r
k: So«k»i?ur
Samples ?rse
fflacLEAN PUB. CO.. Limited
y
District and Country.
Mr. Alex. McIntyre, one of the victims of the dynamite explosion at Wahns-pitae, is progressing favorably. Another victim, h rank Bisson, has died, hie being the third death.
The Paterson (N. J.) Daily Guardian of the 15th inet., thus refers to the death
of Mr. R. R. Armstrong, reported in these columns last week
DEATH or A PROMINENT BUSINESS MAN.
The death of Robert R. Armstrong on Saturday removed one of Paterson's foremost business men. He was bom in County Formanah, Ireland, sixty ago, and lived for a time in Canada. In 1886 he came to Paterson with his family and started in the coal business. From a small beginning he built up a large trade, by his energy, tact and honesty. He was a man of domestic tastes. Hit wife and several adult children survive him, all at home except Dr. R. R Armstrong' of Passaic, and F. A. Armstrong, whose home is at Raleigh, N. C.
e was
ritish
interests. The lists are now open to inspection in the offices of the several secretaries, and if it is worth having a vote at all, it is certainly worth the trouble of examining the list to see if your name appears thereon. If it does not appear you should lodge complaint in writing at once, in order that your case may be considered by Council at the April meet-ng, when the roll will be revised and confirmed. Once thi» is done you have no recourse. It is therefore, as we have •aid, a matter of vital importance to every man if he attaches any value to hie right to have a voice in determining who shall govern the country. It is well to remember that under the existing law only one voters’ list is used for both Dominion an

PATENTS
PROMPTLY SECURED
an.
Elfillti
Highest references furnished.
MARION * MARION PATENT SOLICITORS A EXPERTS
I». u. Suireyors Association, Assoc. Member ua
Society of Civil Engineers.
or.,... :
years
The troopship, Monterey, having on board the Strathcona Horse and the recruits of the first Canadian Contingent ltr j sailed from Halifax for South Africa on u r dayHHmm
Association,
II



L


i
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
JAN. HOPE A Co.
MANUFACTURING STATIONERS.BOOKSEL ItI lers, Bookblnlm Printers, etc. Depo.ttnrjr f the utteru Auxiliary UlMeSodety,Ottawa,Ont,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Quality. Finish
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
P1TBL19IIED EVERY THURSDAY
AT SHAWVILLR, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION—$ 1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until all arrearages e paid, unless by special arrangement with ubllsher.
s
s
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L., WVmth
NOTARY PVRLÏ \ NOTARY FOR THE ** wl Vil. RELIANCE LOAN A NI» HAVINO*
CO., OF ONTARIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON LAMY T I RM*.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will lu» in ShaW ville on Tuesday of every week.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
Style Attractiveness and
1
1
A. SMILEY, Prop.
ADVERTISING RATES :
Legal advertising, eight renin per line for flr*t Insertion and four cent* per Hue for each subsequent Insertion. '
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at Si00 per year.
Ixical announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low tales, which will be given ou application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per lino.
Wearing Qualities
Does Quality count with you ? If so we can interest you. Here are a few points in the construction of
THE FROST &
WOOD..........
Patented ball bearings, requiring no adjustment. Every Harrow rolls along on 6(5 hardened balls. Patent adjustable Scrapers ; every Scraper works on a separate spring, and the scrapers on each section can be locked on or off at will. Double levers. Each section can be set at an independent angle—a great convenience in turning and working on side hills. Patent Pole Attachment, adjustable for two or three horses ; can be adjusted instantly without removing pole—as easy as opening and shutting a door.
O* Made in eight different sizes.
Place your orders early before stock is exhausted.
R. MITCHELL
Commendable Features of the
BA TUFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT,
for the District of I'uuttsc. Office, Main St;, Hoawvtllp.
Account# collected and prompt returns made.
LONDON HATS.
DISC HARROW:
FAMOUS
CHRISTIE
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
84 Nepoan 8t., Ottawa, Ont,
Lumber ef All Kinds Bought and Sold
We are sole agents in town for these world-famed Hats, in all the newest shades and up-
to-date shapes.
JOBHUNTING
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns-
Commission Business a Specialty.
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN
Publisher
LARGE CONSIGNMENT
Business Cards.
BY Pfp.misiion :
Denis Murphy, Pres. Ottvwa Transporta F. W* Averv., Hull Lumber Cv,
J. T. Hhirrllt, E. B. Eddy (Jo.
Letcliford (t McDougall, Barristers. John Heney & Sons.
H. N. Bate A Soil.
Itr.rr.r.EK
C
now open for your most critical inspection.
MEDICAL.
F. M. A. McHaughtoq, B.^., M.D..C.M.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
J0l|N SNJITHi Proprietor.
s
Graduate of McGill Univlhhitv,'
Office—KeHldence of the lute Dr. H. H Knox, Sim w ville.
We have got the grip on the Trade
In Cents’ Furnishings.
complete stocK of REPAIRS always on hand for Frost & Wood IV|achines.
A. SMILEY - SHAWVILLE.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
The spot spot for—
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Orrici and ResiDtuc* : J. H Armstrong’* Houma, MAIN STREET - - SHAWVILLE.
The very latest Creations in Neckwear, Collars and Cuffs, White and Colored Dress Shirts,
Braces, Etc., Etc.
A Fashion able Hair Cut
Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
MT Your Turn next
LEGAL.
D. WILSON’S,
VANTFM>—Honcat manor woman to travel fur large bourne ; salary $65 monthly and « xpenses, with Increase ; position permanent : Inclose self-addressed stamped envelope. MANAGER, 350 Caxton bldg. Chicago.
w
/

We have something new all the time Come and see us when in town.
I
BOOEBEAO RAINVILLE, L. L, L
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
)
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE,
The Popular Store for
Choice Confectionery,
Groceries,
Fruit, (in season),
—ALSO—
Fresh Oysters,
Served either raw or stewed.
Customers promptly and courteously treated.
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
WILL VISIT SHAWVILLE EVERY MONDAY
I
and
FRESH and CURED

JEWELLER
A trial order means a permanent new customer for us.

a
WM. GAMBLE,

MEATS
:
<<
A SSI.ECT STOl K OK WATCHES,
CLOCKS, JEWELLERY. SILVERWARE &c. &c.
;
BARRISTER, Ac.,
159 Main Street,.....

I
<<
Hull.
At Shawvllle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office-over O. F. Hodglns' Store, Main St.

G\ F. HODGINS’

of all kinds at
,V f TUv
RePAWUMj—
A Speciality
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
*
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
Arthur McConnell,
SHAWVILLE, 0
A TTORNEY AT LAW, Main St. Hull, A Que, will, atrequeHt.tttteudallcourts lnthedlitrict. All correspondencep rompt-ly answered.
Will visit Shawvllle regularly on the third Thursday of every month.
County Council Notes.
The County Council of the tiret division of the County of Pontiac, held its first meeting for the current year at Bryson, on Wednesday last. The results of the elections at the beginning of the year was seen in the several new faces which appeared at the board when the meeting opened at 10.30 a. m., to wit : As Mayor of Allumette Island Mr. Larriviere take» the place of Mr. McGuire; Mr. Win. Lacey represents Chap-instead of Mr. Ilennesey; Litchfield— Mr. B. Sloane, in place of Mr. P. McNally; Shswville—Mr. George Hy place of Mr. G. F. Hodgins; Aldfiold— Mr. Lafond, in place of Mr. Joyce. The representatives of North Onslow, Thorne and Alleyn & Cawood were not present.
After the usual formula of swearing in the members had been observed, the Warden briefly addressed the board before the business of the session commenced. He congratulated the Council on having at last satisfactorily disposed of the vexatious lawsuits with which they had had to deal with in past years, and considered that the present was a time when he could cheerfully step down from the position of warden with which he had so long been honored with the unanimous approval of his fellow members. He also explained the action he had taken in instructing the Secretary to pay to Mr. Lewis Le Hoy the sum of fity dollars, feeling that, in view of the fact that Mr. Le Roy was the only representative from Pontiac who had gone to South Africa to fight for the principles of right and justice, in the struggle which was now going oil there, the Council would approve of his course. A moment of silence followed the warden’s remarks when Mayor Graham rose and moved that Mr. Brab zon be re-elected warden of the County. The motion found a ready seconder and passed without a dissenting voice, whereupon the warden elect briefly expressed his thanks for the oft-repeated honor.
The reading of the minutes, the Secretary's cash account and Auditor's report then followed, the latter showing that while some municipalities were more or less in arrears at the close of the past year, the affairs of the County on the whole were in a most satisfactory condition. The auditors, it may be remarked, paid a high compliment to the efficiency of the Secretary-Treasurer, as evidenced by the correctness of his accounts, and adding that in their opinion he was still insufficiently renumerated for the volume of work he had to perform.
Mayors Meredith and Graham were appointed county delegates to act in conjunction with the warden; Messrs. W. Lothian and P. O'Meara were re appoint ed auditors, and Mr. W. Bolara re-appointed county constable
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
t
J. G. McGUIRE,
is being got under way by that journal to hold a plowing match at Ottawa next fall between representatives from the adjacent counties in the Ottawa valley. The idea is first to have plowing matches held under the auspices of the several agricultural societies in these counties, and the winner of each such match to be the competitor at the final match in Ottawa, for which the Journal offers a first prize of hundred dollars in gold. The Journal representative stated that the several societies approved of the project, and his object in bringing the matter before the Council was to secure its support and assistance to the extent of having a suf ficient sum voted to pay the expenses of the competitors while in Ottawa attending the match. In the case of Pontiac two representatives would attend the match—one from each of the Agr. Societies. He explained that the P. P. J. R. Co. had offered to give free transportation to the men and teams. < In motion the Council decided to pay the expenses of the contestants at the proposed Ottawa match, the amount, however, not to exceed twenty dollars.
A lengthy resolution moved by the mayor of Bryson and seconded by the mayor of Litchfield, and the pith of which was to grant the sum of two hundred dollars to the new road, constructed last fall around the river bank between Bryson \ bridge and the foot uf " Scott’s Hill," was the next subject introduced. Mr. N. McCuaig, who at the request of the mayor of Bryson, was permitted to address he hoard, made an earnest plea in behalf of the assistance asked, claiming, as the resolution set forth, the road was largely a work for the benefit of the people of the whole county, who had business at the county town. The Bryson people had shown their good faith in the road by contributing $200 to its construction, and a like amount had been given by the Litchfield Council; the Quebec Government, whose finances although in a pinched condition had also given a grant of $1,000; but there yet remained a debt of $250 on the work, which was practically completed. With the exception of Mayor Hynes, who was agreeable to voting $100, the Council did not take kindly to the proposal, which was snowed under by a heavy adverse vote. The danger of establishing a precedent- in such matters in this instance apparently outweighed the wonted magnanimity of the board.
The question of striking the rate for the current year, brought to the surface the several items of expenditure which the year's business will entail. On motion of Mayor Graham the action of the warden in directing the payment of $50 to Mr. Lewis Le Roy, on the eve of his departure for Africa, was endorsed, as well as a grant of $100 to the Canadian Patriotic Fund; Mattawa Hospital, also is to receive $25. The other chief items are Maintenance of Insane, $700; Sec.-Treasurer’s salary, $250; incidentals and unfor-seen expenses, say $550. This will cover salary of constable and auditors, and half cost of rock crusher, should the Council decide to buy one at June meeting. To provide for these expenses a rate of 5-lOths of a mill was struck.
A resolution respecting the Portage du Fort bridge, and one affecting the P P J. Railway Company’s application for amendments to charter were discussed and carried, but as our reporter had to leave the hall before these were introduced we are unable to give their exact purport.
GEO. C. WRIGHT,
The Shawville
Proprietor.
SASH and DOOK
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER,
230 Main St, - Hull, Que-,
(Old Registry Office, opposite Court House.)
Law business In District ot Pontiac attend ed tv.
THE
PORTAGE DU FORT
—ALL KINDS OF-*—
Interior & Eiterior
FINISH FOR
Souses 8c Verandahs
W. W. IRELAND,
Roller Mill
eau
one
nes, in
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgages, etc.,executed legally and satisfactorily.
MANUFACTURED
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, &c. Ac ,
Kept in stock and made to or-ler.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPCLARPRICE8
QUE.
SHAWVILLE
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
DAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT I) Hdewville . Que., respectfully solicit, ocuagementêforany busineBul u conoectIon with all Courts in the County. Collections
madeandp'-omptreturnsassured

McCREDIE & HODGINS.
Estimate# furnished.
First Duality Flour.
GENERAL.
Public Notice.
J. J. TURNER,
tSF Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
Pontiac. Hales conducted In a business-like and satisfactory manner. Goods or articles of any kind taken and disposed of by public or private sale on reasonable terms. Public sales conducted at Shawvllle once a month, a variety of articles always on hand for sale; Office: Shawville, Que.
Province of Quelle, I Municipality of Shawville./
To the inhabitants of the aforesaid Municipality Public Notice is hereby given by J. It. Horner, the undersigned Secretary-Treasurer, of the aforesaid Municipality*: that complaint has been made against the list of persons having the right to vote at an election for a member of the Legislative Assembly of this Province, prepared by him and now deposited in his office. And that on Monday the Second day of April next, at its usual hour and place of meeting, the Municipal Council will proceed to the examination and correction of said Lists.
Given this 18th day of March, one thousand nine hundred
Mr. H. B. McKay, agent of the Sawyer Massey Company, addressed the Council on the subject of road improvement, remarking that a wave of opinion in favor of having better roads was sweeping over the country, and the only way to bring about this much desired end was the adoption of better methods and the acquiring of proper machinery, such as graders, stone-crushers, etc., to do the work. The Government of the province, he understood, was prepared to give substantial assistance to municipalities in purchasing these articles. The speaker then laid on the board some printed information relative to a stone-crusher which his firm are manufacturing, and added a verbal explanation of the working and capacity of the machine.
In view of the Government's offer to pay one-half of the cost of a stone crusher, the price of which, complete was $1100, Mayor Graham was of opinion that the Council would be making a good and judicious investment in purchasing one of these machines, which could be rented out to any municipality that required it Mayors Hynes, Meredith and DeZouche were also of the same opinion, and stated that if the machine were purchased they felt quite satisfied the municipalities they represented would have a large amount of work for it to do, and thus the rental that it would earn would speedily wipe out the expenditure which the County would be put to by the purchase.
The representatives of the back townships opposed the purchase on the ground that the machine would be of no benefit to them, as the present condition of their roads was such that they could not use it, and they thought that it would be unjust to burden them with a portion of the necessary outlay. After some further discussion it was decided to leave the matter over till the June meeting, when some arrangement may be arrived at whereby the Government’s offer may be taken advantage of for the benefit of those municipalities which require the crusher.
JOSEPH BROWN,
Proprietor
FOR SALE:
Court Shawville,
No 276.
LO.E
A quantity of—
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.

m
Meets the 4th Wednes day of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. 8. Barnett, F.S
a
L.B.C
J. R. HORNER,
Secretary Treasurer.
Public Notice.
J. A. Cowan, R 8
Hugh Hopbs, C. R
*
Province of Quebec, l Municipality of Clarendon, j
Public notice is hereby given by the undersigned Secretary-Treasurer of the Municipality of Clarendon. County of Pontiac, that the list of persons entitled to vote at the election of a member of the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Quebec, has been prepared according to law. That a duplicate thereof has been lodged in the office of the undersigned, at the disposal and for the information of all persons interested; and that on Monday, the 2nd dny of April. 1900, at the usual time and place of meeting the Municipal Council will proceed with the examination and correction of the said list.
Dated at Shawville this ninth day of
March, 19U0

HOTELS.
###
: STEVENS RIFLES
St. Lawrence Hall
1
Mrs C, Me McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well fuinlshed.
First-class Livery Attached.
•j are guaranteed to be
SAFE, SOLID,
PONTIAC HOUSfr
ACCURATE,
•jFrom the ' <	$6.oo "Favorite"
* ! to our most expensive «• Ideal."
The Academy of Music at Quebec was destroyed by fire on Sunday. Lobi $80,
Hugh Mathbson,
Sec Treasurer
3

ooo

Ottrwa Citizen : Straws show which way the wind blows, and they indicate that Laurier will tuako an early appeal to the country.
; ; The - IDEAL " No. 44 is a fine rifle. « ONE OP OUR LEADERS, price oily $10. ! ! We goal .otec It in every respect. Noth-j J lag cheap about it but the price.
•	« Made regularly lu .22. .06 sni .22 cal-T Ibre rlm-flre, .05-20 8TEVKX8, *60*40. Ï .38-55 and. 44- 40 center-ire.
T IN SPECIAL SIZES, Si2.00,
*	Send stamp for complots Catalog assd
JL	Hand Book,
g i
THE HULL ELECTRIC CO
*
After some discussion, chiefly on the subject of insane maintenance in the several provincial asylums, which this year requires the sum of seven hundred dollars to meet, the customary " noon adjournment " was proposed, and the members withdrew from the Council loom to discuss a more delectable bill of fare elsewhere.
FARM FOR SALE.
Care run at Intervals of twenty minutes In the morning and fifteen minutes in the after noon, dally. Sundays Included.
i
l
Lot No. 28th on the 5th Range of Clarendon, known as the Grace Farm, at a reasonable price.
For terms and particulars address the 2nd gned.
Close connections are made with all Cana diao Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
J. STEVENS ARMS AND TOOL CO., i
P 0. Box mi.
Baggage promptly handled
W. R. TAYLOR,
CHICOPEE PALLS, MASS,
MRS. J. GRACE,
Bouchette P. 0., P. Q
SHAWViLLE, P.Q
C. CALDWELL
After dinner a representative of the Ottawa Journal outlined a project, which j
ties,Treae
proprietor
1






V


:_____1 ,
###PAGE###6###
i- \ V- '	- V.
» - • » -
*N$

to the morphene iheblt to suob an ex- 1 imm QATTBPIP HP PflWIPP îlar|y favorable for this puipr-se. The	They Srfiled.
lent that it was impossible for him J\ Imlff IJ U U flu ill UT 1 U il Hilti hay bung an arm of the sea, there 1» Long before the war (i^neriu nil tier to attend to his duties. The writer	_	currcm and a variation of 2.9 teel in W|1Q wae (|,fn „ atrnggling young law
*H1R”lESSsï,sl"'§ÉEipS"HMÎSbIeeeeeheb£sss
however, Gov. rnor vou \\ Uurnanu,	*	‘	1	* ihe lime. The tide current revolving tottoo mill came to him for redrew -.Vut here ut ull. ,lr; probeblj hern*
was ivivatedlv forced out ot" the cui-	",e	TJ 1	the'* wheels will degenerate the pow-	her employer» She had been sr.ivisl jet," vouchsafed the clerk.
„ . „	oinal henioe by the moraine habit. u,r	tr, whl h 11 to be trsni.erred by m<are dj .	, without wages, and m a re "Hut lie I. here, end 1 have a telegram
Trof. Dreeer, the well-known Her- An I \\i srnann was the moel etln-nt It Is a tact which engineers fre- oi a pur gear, to i he plant un shore,	"	W(,ek„. wwgee Wlm DU making an appointment to <tMt him hw*
Un authority on the use of opiates,	"	‘hat	“f ^	"Z Wdp%nt wi.1% ceremoniously thrust from the door	„
l$ut	the Ivuiaer has reasons of	his	mlloenl Haur yuxvcr	111	16 " Ul 1	like any other of	its kind.	The case looked bine, for the firm whs	' Let's svo the list of arrivals on Sub.
eeoms to possess all the soothing prin-	own for being interested in a suhsti-	gx>es constantly to	waste. It is a	Tq lKVKLOP	POWKH FROM	A	a very rich one. tint she needeu money	d ‘ porj1Aps that will solve the my»
ciples of morphine, while at the same lute for the uangeroua morphine. His power that would be eufiicient, if	'	‘ U til) F	badly She offered Ben one-half to coi* tvry .
-----------------------imtii mm mmm mm=. i gmm
again and again	by	the	fear	that	the	1,1 1 w' tH4VlM " "111	11 1 aga,n	chant un for develop.ng the power is	jt.arnr<| that the factory she	bud	left	mK t,nj eo ^{ written that there
him	for	experiments.	All	medical	H.QOJ.UOJ TO PRO^ti ITS USE.	rapid current. It b to be construct-	on and presently met	Butler	He	was	fo,e. elr. ami you will excuse me, bulyoa
private account at his private	Berlin	bespeaks a great fu uro	for	Thern tr« cm oi nears	and	others ac-	*d In I he manner of an ordinary bridge	leaning against a lamppost whittling a	ask^l for Mr. .Imiea, you know."
Gerhardt*# results, as well as	heroin	because it does not affect	the	...	, nf	wi h steel spans	The bridge lirst	de-	,Bck	“Thats nil right, my boy You did
nervous system.	cuiiomed to dealing with	problems	of	eigned ,.y Mr Ma her he intended to	.. Tflflll rjght •• he called, waving his	right to treat me as you would anyone
EXPERIMENTS IN TREATING HYS- P^ww development	who	iay	that	the	erect across the Niagara River nt	knife with a iuuuty air “ Teallright	this matter. I’ll go in ami join
wh-re ihs current was strongest, was	"Gut who? ventured the young i	h0t«i ilfo in a big c,ty, ami yol it opened
to be placed ten large wheel», forty lady	up many speculations Was It Jones or
feet In diameter and nearly ‘200 Ieel	“Why. those old skins up at the far-	was it Benjamin!* Suppose the mm of two
long. The wheeh were to boron-	tory | went to Vm right after I saw	names should dis suddenly In his room,
n c <vl by an ingonicii» arrangera nt of	v<m yesterday Hnd demanded the bill.	Who would he her If fire should destroy
|"2“rr/rttt
in or New York for its llrst attempt,	manner he could develop ICO,000 horse	8,1 attachment on	Washington, would have been recorded as
Ihet iM.ü who lus originated the	power at a co t of about halt that of	and ?hut up the shop	1 mi own	fll	among the lost Ye' no sue.i parson was
the power at Niagara.	j worth of the entire machinery Ub, in the hotel—at least wasn't the name of
they II settle by noon I’ And they did the man so registered.	•
—Cincinnati Enquirer	"1 knew," said the clerk, "th*; It was
Jones that warn In the cafe, and 1 knew his partner, knew them at hotels farther down town, where they umh! to stop Jones is Interested In several big concerns In the west, and occasionally comes east to carry
. . 4	, .	. ,	, ,	. , through some big deal that he doesn't can
(as it should be) useful article of food Is ^ trust lo	buyers
confined to the employment of ini need bis rivals In biuinv** or other firms than
A CONCEALED IDENTITY,
INSTEAD Of MORPHINE
Il
I
well
t
Consider If Neveeeary,
1UU fox THIS AWFUL DRUG.
The K'iU *t IUr* •* Heroin," Which Nns Hr, ¦ r4«ri»vrre«l by * Heriiian Honor, for N\n f’erlodlcnl Kara eke» — 1 hr C onnu In \nl Ir| l>l > ti !««•«!.
Telegram produced and ahowi*
has discovered a substance that
This from fcho business man.
led by the evil consequences that make the drug a curse as well as a boon.
as
Prof. Dreser is now experimenting with his preiwration in the second
Oh, 1 neel
making experiments with it on his own
clinic
those achieved by hi a first assistant. Dr. St rube, were even more favorable and cone u-ive than those of the inventor, which is explained by the fact that Gerhardt, having the utmost faith in the preparation, the elements of which were known to him, went
ocean waves is no longer a question, bu. an a. wurod fact. Only a lew days ago the Wave Power Vo. was organized wi h a capital ui #1,000,0JO lor this
The | hyNcians wl 1 now experiment with heroin on hysterical jvrsons.
Morphine and o; ium, even very email do**s. have proved fatal when administered to hysterical young women. If heroin proves to b ' an efficient an l reliable substitute for these drugs women the world over have cause to thank Prof. Lreser.
And not only on their own account.
Thousands of ch l Iren are annually plans which ihs new company is to ki led by unthinking mothers and ne- oarry ou. is Mr. Stephen li. Emmena,
— **- »» --«• :»*
grail, ami fur nothing." llowwr, on Joining with o.iatea to ch,ck. «» they y<«rs to a atu ly <» ‘to particular . .	.	. . think, diarrhea or to produce sleep.'questions invotvod in the utilizing ihe
thaï point nothing has as yet been Heroin seems to be dlstined to take wave power. Air. Emmena leceii.iy
se: tied, and it is noi impossible, there- the place of these dangerous admix- | explained , ha general ch trader oi ha
fore, i ha i heroin, 1 k iphthvria serum 1 ures, and mothers, and babi<s wi 1 be pis i >
gn i ners.
Tue benefi s which Prof. Preen re in
very purpose. The conipo-ay ls now engaged in telec.ing a suitable site
ahead vigorously, while the inventor felt his way more cautiously.
The substitute for morphine is called heroin, and, according to private accounts, Prof. l>reser seems to be
KAFFIR LYING.
The Wyeiery of Measure.
The composition of the sunsnge is not oniy complex, bnt it is often obscure In this country the preparntion of this
4 iiMe Itnco Ullh n» knowledge ef
Tru ih 'ill hens.
The Kaffir makes an interesting
lie said :
Tiw idea u not a. new one, by any mttufci. L lirhL occurred to me some
vent ions is boun I to confer u;on hu- 3 y<ar.s ago, when 1 was visi.iag KUa-manity by checking an 1 eventually ^a. on itio wsiit coast of Ireland. At stumping out the morphine habit (that point Ihd Atlantic billows have among all, except /the debased, is in- wurn a a un ne 1 fchaped i-jening into the calculable.	ruckt. This opening, growing nar-
rower i. pone* rated lui ther and iur-ihr into tne rocks concentrated iha power of the wave» until ai length
A writer lu the Philadelphia Time, 'W	anJl'oing upward u .be
who has been looking up the record «f	bony iCTuvee rush
the mosquito lu iMtural tiistoiy lifts tb^re with &iuh power thsit a eu1-come to the conclusion that It Is a very umn of wa.or and spray is thrown useless Insect. Here Is the result of marly a hundred feci into the air.
HOW NA rCJRB USES WAVE
row Eft.
He doesn’t want
study. You cannot understand turn
all at ouce. It requires time, and a beef and pork The only exception the one he Is doing business with to know good deal of it. A new arrival thinks probably is the so called Mblack pad- that he Is in town So, instead of signing the Kaffir is a born prevaricator of ding. " which is made with pig's blood his own name, he twists the Inltlals end
nr - - “—! — HEEra
Suppose vou catch a '* boy ' commit-	of a mm h wider range o su %)oth hcand his partner know that 1 know
ting a misdemeanor. Ask him what he	The	Ust* ro beta nee iî”entf- thelnlTuiko of^knLv lodging lt%%^
has been doing, and brt vw *<)0	a])y considered répugnant while, of they would never stop here again, or else I
in your face a picture of innocence,	conrHe it is fraudulent to sell sa usages	should have to go. Oh, the clerks are no!
and reply, " I kuna, baa as * a plump	fll| or pork containing horseflesh
denial. Tell him you saw him do it, Occasionally, however, sausages do not threaten him with punishment, he contain meat at all. but only bread will still persist in maintaining Ins tinged with red oxide of iron and innocence. He will still plead ignor- mixed with a varying proportion of fat Recantly, w hen 1 became interested j ant of the misdeed, and mutter in as- q remarkable feature of horseflesh is	_____	_
of dryness of	the	mouth	and	throat,	it	food,	for	U	I»	an	established	fact jn	^ development	oi liquid	air,	my	tonishraent or fear, ,e Ikona banes.V In	Hie high proportion of glycogen which	A group of newspaper men were eha»
For the reasons	given heroin	maybe	that	a	mosquito,	after	gorging	him- mind reveneü	10 the project <*f	unliz-•	fact hr k n,,\\ s not ingw a‘ ®ver a	it contains, and this fact enables the	ting and. a* usual, fell to talking shop.
HKHP *
quickened by fever or temporarily in- for it to go without food for the rest i a [ l^pJJroac* f.acb otbei £* bf^ | . , lon’k forward to it	A nastier.	was on to the news and proposed So call
terrupted by other causes.	I of Its existence. All that It needs la ”w 1 lheU™iv^ aa iler llitt j The only explanation of the system- «What's your business!” asked the In an hour Acting on Inspiration, he eenl
msmmsmmmmasmMmm
fessor, "may have b en due to a era..	- bor.se power per foot.	-«- met, and will not let them ride.	boy,' he ».d pompouely. 'take my card to
for morphine, which they thought	Ham. of the Kdwm < kee.e.	j plan HAS BEEN SUCCESSFUL.	SEALS AND WAX AGAIN.	Men who art "bandy with (heir	man tanked at the naet.
WÊiÆ
- - EE—EHS PIEîhEË E™™'iE E~~~ 5eBH5~
scale excep. for ois death.	color of it, says the Philadelphia lie- keen The wagon driver whips his lhe dictionary &nd intimated he was la
The m*. tnxl is Niagara reversed.	cord.	hersee. and the prire falls to the man ^wn on a bender Joi.es* paper had »
Ii is t rut that wave power is not	will jot down the language of w ho has the fleetest foot and the great- capital interview and a big scoop. Those
W-Jzxzzxvx:	=s r,/t rrri-'^----------- iasusr-™-—
t-W. morphine h oe, .. ,Uhk .. ™. P«™ i. am.rt ...IIla. .h,,	'“K '	"" ™ — ""
wpium and laudanum to bring on 1 ba* *** beeu cxtiuctm and the curd le a±Ay Lûa u ulucbs of wave puw-nausea and headache. say the doctors,' comparatively dry. It Is then wrapped lor certain purpo.es
the fact remains that it do.is bring1 In a linen cloth nnd kept for 10 or l'J er ha ml, thu u>o A the waves is par- j gftijr
on these conditions if used habitually, days until quite solid. Then the cloth 'tieukarly appltsablo to the production ' |,nk ft>1 y(1.ung Vr* rnnHisrar Afe a lose of heroin, or even after re mo veil and the cheese put into <>* power in tortus that cun be stored. |	hush, pm while «en le Violet
FSESKi HHH ülsHi p=s&Sss
eader one of the greatest boons that insure Its keeping.	j(o t,ur welillAls Q( dwi-loping (heap to! toourn Qg
can be conferred upon sufferers from It Is next put Into a vessel and wash power for commercial u>e.	UI	coursei
certain diseuses in which opiates are ed with whey and scraped to remove v WAVE MOTOR IniUapdsieable. XX hi le morphine, opium the white crust It is next carried In
valuable staples*of“medicine,^cannot t0 a co°l room *n{] lai(1 00 8be,vce’ i)e denied that they have ruined muny j wbore It Is frequently turned	^
lions and brought on much oh- ripening process lasts from two to |<R
will become a monopoly.
DOES NOT INTOXICATE
The chief b neflcial qualities claimed for herein are described by Prof. Dres-er as fo Iowa:
•'Heroin deadens sensibility without causing mental exultation. In this latter respect it differs entirely from tnorpihine. which ac s lirst as a stimulant and again put s the patient to sleep.
Heroin has no after effect ; It leaves
the only cranks one runs across in lhe hotel DiiBlmw#
AN IMPUDENT TRICK.
no traces behind. The patient with kls Investigation whom axperim nts were made suffer-•«1 neither of constipation, thirst nor Is nut yet known
“Just why the mosquito bites people
It Is not to furnish
“Ileal** on Ills lllval
were greatly alleviated by heroin Prof. Dreser and t h»- other physf* j fore doubly assured ciaos who have tried the new remedy agree that heroin is as efficient as morphine as a pain killer and sleep tringer
brings on perspiration.
NU HEROIN 11A131T
In making It the fresh cow's milk la carefully strained and the rennet added. As soon as the milk curdles the constant
It slope convulsions and

rlty.
A
flcrr'a » Cortona Kpltnpb.
«Eudora. " said Mr Cnmrox. M1 have the box containing four la a good one ^,rn JPVelai times annoyed by the way ! Tbv following quaint epitaph was writ to buy. While war is for weddings, j yon ht to worry about my grant ten on an rooantrio character well known for friends, ruby for lovers and, »•	in County Clara, Ireland, by John Jack-
=™. i, tati	lrtlV.„M	-r„
use columns where they don t belong, q'Driscoll: and yon forget all about your period»
You'll lose all yonr friends.'
“Eudora, let me remind yon that I have money enough to float any scheme I take a fancy to. A man may be loose
on his punctuation, but when he an	H
joys my facilities for a capitalization Ce was fend of hie pipe, him glass and hi#
,f1 ,ullli tu bn.# f i i«-ij(,a Hat ue Bo|	hated grim death and eold wa
couldn't lose if be tried. —Washington
btar
On the utti-
red
tit op. traveler—itnpl This spot dama ads at
traction*
For underneath U lie the bunee of ItaherS
J*. ks in.
Bneh strange composition was ne ar pel So
*4her.
Be d talk In *11 company

taper, the «tick of
sealing wax, and a daiuily engraved seal are on one’s writing table. Hut don't begin by thrusting the wax imo the flame and then rushing it in a flaming aplat lory state to your envelope. but, nither, go about it slowly, “they stumble that run fast,” holding the wax above the flame uf the candle md not near enough to burn A burned wax makes n streaky aval ani it is hard to manage. When the has gradually softened apply it

wfclk In all weather.
TO CAPTURE
POWER
An inventor who plans to use the poW'^r of vet an wave: iu a somewhat erent ma mar is Mr. Edwin Ryan, three months, (be round balls grow- U,, device oonsis s of a lloat w hich is
log the fine yellow or reddish color |intended to be placed at some d.stance
peculiar to Edam cheese. The cheeses from the h >r.‘, a id a sysi t m ol i-pio. k-
lutended to be exported to this coud- e chains connecting this lloat wi.fi
try «re rendered still more brilliant by ,by m.u!,,r t^1 J*bor*' I fie power gvn-
erated by the movement uf tn* savn
is ga,h^red by the lloat and transmitted along the chains to the power station, lie claims that with a float thirty-six feel in diameter he can genera e 1,500 hor.se power from the waves.
O.ber men, looking to the ocean as a source of power, are planning to harness the tides. As a matter of fact the tided have long done duty in certain plaçai. In turning the wheels of whet are called tide-water mills.
An enterprise of this sort is to be put under way during the coming summer «t Niantio Bay, an arm of Long Island Sound, on the Connecticut shore. The plan has been developed by Mr. Edward P. Butts, of Hartford, Conn, an engineer who has given considerable study to the matter of tidewater power plants. It will be devoted probably to the manufacture of comp re sod air for commercial use#, though, of course. It might equally well be u ml for producing electric light or p nv-r.
The
1er
neg tested hW
Mind id every one's basin own.
Bis dutiful nephew erected this stone
di
Htfnate cuetiveness, aside from many other mils known to all the world.”
The doctors furthermore dwell on the fart that there is no danger of a heroin habit to spring up in the place
trf th - morphine habit. This because. _	,	„
heroin produces no agreeable mental dyeing the rind with « vegetable dye.—
People who must take | New York Tribune.
-	Benny's Failure.
Benny, the 4 year-old member of the family, had oeen trained to believe in the deep water form of baptism This is believed to lie the reason why he was trying to plnnge the honaehold cut Into « bucket of water The animal resisted It howled and scratched and clawed and u«ed violent language Finally Benny, with his hands covered with scratches end with tears in his eyes, gave it up “Darn you I" he said "Go an be • Method!# if you want to I"—Chicago Tribun»
Trifles.
A friend once called upon Michael Angelo, who wai (IniKhlng a statue Home time after, he called again and, looking at the figure, sa d: “You have been idle since I last saw you."
“By no means," replied the seulptcr 4I have retouched this part, polished that I have softened this feature and given more expression to this lip."
“Well, well,"said the friend, "bnl are mere trifles. ”
“It may be eo," anewored Angelo, 'kul reoolhx t that trifles make perfection, and perfection is no trifle. "
A Beet»» Scheme.
Flrjt Young Woman—Let's wrote "Pickwick Papers!"
Second Ditto—Dickens
(The Lis.) “Of course I could»*! the moment think of bit nsms. ”
(The Trap.) “He was the «ether «f •Pendennle' and * Under Two Flags' ye# know. "
(Caught ) "Oh, yeet I know that I"— Boston Transcript
wa t
with a circular movement upon plnoo to be aealed ; rub it well around and down until you have a nice little circle practice tells you Just bow thick to have it. By this the wax hat cooled too much to take a clear impression, so the envelope must he bold some little distance from the flame until the wax has again become
__j ; apply the seal and you will
have a clear-cut impression that will be • delight to the eye.
the
i-ensat lona
heroin do no more clamor for it than ; arson a induced by physical conditions to swallow castor oil.
The above La probably the best re- . commendation that can be mentioned I meeting tomorrow in favor of the new drug
known opiates are originally takrn I a little girl only 9 years old to attend a for relief of suffering only, and they | mothers' meeting. ” are scarcely conscious of danger before being swept on to destruction.
A hopeful eign for the new drug and a guarantee that it will be tested to	L
Ita utmost limit, is the interest the | !**d Loader Kai-er takes In it. Nowadays nothing^^**** succeeds in Germany unless it bears tits imperial hall in irk. It Is a well-known fact that Emperor William de- a perceptible tinge of mener* ty, “that I taAe drunkenness in any form, but It am lbs ninth girl to whom you bave U less well known that several of his been engaged, most efficient co-workers in different fields were st one time temporarily Incapacitated by the morphine habit.
STATESMEN AS MORPHINE FIENDS
fled That Riaht.
“I'm going to sing ot the mothers'
II*
“I shouldn't think they would allow
All other
soft
“Well, I guess I have » right to go if I want to Ma makes me take care of the baby nearly all the time ’ -Clave-
Fair haired people are maid to be becoming lee# numerous than formerly. The ancient Jews were a fair haired race: now they are, with few exceptions, dark. So it it. In a lesser degree, with the Irish, among whom 150 years ago a dark haired persua was almost unknown
KVERTON TOFFEE
Whs
Place three ounces of butter in h brass preserving pan, and am soon ae it is melted add one pound of brown
*1 have just learned, she said, with
Stir thia gently over a
sugar
moderate fire for a quarter of an hour, or until m little bit of it, dropped into oold water, L» brittle. Directly the toffee k boiled to this point It must red off or it will burn. It is an to add a little grated
“Well ’ be euavely replied, “that ought to make you glad. "
“Oladl” she exclaimed Td like to
know why t’
“Don’t you know, he answered, •that there's luck in odd numbersF’—
The average life of a theater Is 88 years. From 1861 to 1867, inclusive. 187 theaters were burned down, and 18 ev
ery year since has been about the at
be l
improvement
lemon rind when the toffee in half oooktd. Coe' quitkljr and It will U
IaQ
Pa, what had a feller or ter do when be glte water on the brain# CJb dry
German newspapers and politicians
erted that Prince
have repeatedly ffccmarck during the last might or ten •anathe of bk affUiel	wea addicted
WILL TIUN IMMENSE WHEELS. The ail# at Ni an tic Bay Is partieu-
up.
crisp
i


?
i
i ,
j /
J
###PAGE###7###
SjUWltmirtwWMMMWNùMK/MHMNHfiy: »re gone, whf 1-6 the deinnnd for qua*?	9	• U/ U ateadil/ on tlw Increase. World
s \ (YfiC lilt II 1TZ\ I ? wi<j* competition, tlte improvements in
1	-»* 1WMI >• U 1 ill £ tuiijjf biUvk uad dairy u^tli ^ ibo
^paraïur, ibc o^vperuuve iiVAWWA,J%>fWVVVYVryrYYVYYr^YTrnrrr>'YTvvvwVffk Uât-'UUiOiy Have all bibil impulsant iUO-
ioi8 iu cii*. evening prouuviiuu und in .	,	,	.	. t .	4 Ai 1 hk igh euiug ibc quuii.y of butter
A grod «sized and moat i nst rucl ive wlicü u plaood upon tiuaci iwuiat lug
Volume might be written upon correct maikjus. Tom result- is that the b u an -feeding in reWtlun to the quality of **** cdu vuly now be pioniuuiy uuu-
n.
¦¦P SB WEES* SRpB® ***** tllttlr quality tu ci <ki iu ovury viOi«dil iu urdur Lu lig-	e
bave a very large part In determin- uie uui a Lung piuuit, Lvory cow IIA:l^ **© difficult to believe in the
.„g ,hB qu,Ut, and tluvor of tant, I	Ti^Zw^ TJl	U fuch a lak^tte oen”^
mutton, pork, poultry, eggs, butter, * & ^	& o, .diy bu iu\i*l bo lt d	01 8 u 11 » h u r island, off New Zealand.	Mot h»*r—I'm surprised	At	you 1	. The sixty sixth Annual Meeting of the Shareholders of this Company was lold *1
#nd cb«X! ; but in this issue we will a laiiun that 'will produce a given	*l ^ fifty acres in extent, about	Couldn't you tell	lie was going	to	kiss	Its offices in this city at noon on Friday last, the 23rd Inst.
only refer bru ly to the effect of cow quantity ui butter at ^ low a coat as	twelve* feet in depth and fifteen feet	you?	The President, Hon. Geo. A Cox. occupied the chair, and Mr.	P.	IL Sims,	who
foods on tboiLavor of the butter who- P^bL ; and las., but not least, that	above the level of the tea. The most	Daughter-Yes,	ma, but	there	was	was appouted to act as Secretary, read the follow,ng
Tu > I , *	,.	UutUxi mud in tin** days be 01 a remarkable characteristic of this lake, no one for me to tell, except him, and	ANNUAL ADDRESS,
r e mi « pp 0 e cream- tLuioe quuL.y in oiuer to leaiue the however, is ' hat the water contains be knew it already.	The Directors have pleasure in pre- reinsurance, showed net premium re-
• ij or mampuliied in the home daily. higHt*H pu<x>—«and it ls l bo highest	va>41 quantities off hydrochloric and	mem iug live sixty-sixth Ann tial its-	ceipia of upwards of	one and a half
Our creamery bu ter now g e< into the p*ioe o*.ly ,bat returns to the dairy-	sulphuric acids, hissing and bubbling	nowtsiAi msi*; oaEOTfV, ^	port embracing the financial state-	million dollars. The	most, encourag-
Britlsh market and consequently it i“Uli u piv>ui in any .air equation to al J temperature off 110 degree » Full-	u	” Cmo R111 a*. pu*. ment» of the Cuuipnuy to the 31st De- iug features in connection with the
hui In bur and mielugeuue.	renlieit. The dark green colored wa-	THi	Ddimorttl, rrou us |, Ma	cember, 1809.	i*iat year’s transactions were the
lu lb,) ordinary * ocoie ' wb.ch is in	,er looks particularly uninviting.	uAfA| PartlflkA lerupes» Visa. Imm	There ha.» tieen a satisfactory growth	steady and continued giowtb of (be
u»st in jmlg-.ng bu 1er, 1 lavor is allot-	D*% * clouds of sulphur 10 fumes con-	^ m ”^îi 2."keîi*	*n premium income for the year in	Canadian fire business, and the very
therefore the duty ol every patron of a • uxl abvui h.L tbd points. Then come stantly roll off this boiling caldron, #.T * swiom.	the tire and marine branches. The moderate losses which have been hus-
oiettuæry to mw t b<i t thcio u* noth ng Kiui# Oulv>i § ^ailing aud, packing# iu	caio 1ms to l> * exercised in ip AVENUS NOUS S—j HuuTrmiM |i m ( an.i<lian fir© bimlnttfui h-is ab^wn ex- t ained in t he I kuninion.	; ¦e
Ln the ut»Ik furaL.W hv him that will ihx) uldttr	ix^ardd acunug. prooching thes lake to avoid the ri.sk ----	¦— jirdf, "	__ optionally favorable rouit*, and tlwre general e*i*rienr« of companies do-
Ml	m. IU UT’UW uy umi uu win iju wl>>u it vulUxU lu piUcuoe, lo «x.li- txf t uffoc ation. On the oniosite Hide av JAMES’ HOTEL—°wo*,u0 V*	**** been a moderate profit on the ma- ing business in this country had been
injure the quality of the butter turn- i.tq bu ter to a ULcrimiualiug cuntum-	td the lake may be seen the tremend-	M	nre ¦i»m p,„ni,r^i7{|T-^*	rine business written during the y oar.	favorable, owing to	the fire losses
#d out by the factory—e.»peaiully us «i. or in a <ik.crimiuai.ing uiaraet it oui blowholes, whi( h, when in lull #pt—»>>-In the United States, however, this having been considerably below the
will ba louud ih*i Javoi ta much more blast, preseat an awe inspiring sight.	—	Company has, in common with all oth- average of preceding years, the ex-
i ha 11 jU por cent, in importance. in The four of the a tea,in) as it ru.shes CHANCE BOR ARGUMENT.	er.s doing business there, suffered from perience of this company had been exists. ilavor is about th.> whole end of forth into the air is denfening, and T	.	.	.	, wound- lh,H unusually heavy fire losses that optionally so. Bruin reports of the
, No matter how correct	often huge bowlders and stones are	hv .ulhnrities in'klve (,ccun'ttd ^ several of the larg-	business in Canada that have been
qualiijr W w«,y liul.bed product uf Uw *,aiu ur tlw color, buuer that w	hurled out to a height of «everaI bun-	“	AfSee to he nZr v 7 WO Dr.	er “i,‘ea-	publi.bed, It appear» that the aver-
^	........ L
product from which it U umnutactur- a bad bu.lor maker, but not so the k Ml k rMATfl nirmflTMlTlV W'	** k P	' at the rate of 7 per cent, per annum, I,e‘ rerit- }he I'rittHh Am. r-ca was 48
rs./s	AMAZIMB DIbUIVfcHi «.	.....
rsaiitarswsris » ,	- . ,k .	«ss S'£-s « « s ü; : rrf» s s
bor *Doaths From fcasusemeuser 5	Z35 K;.ïis;s:ïa
wlkdly wrong, lu 99 oa.xw out 01 ev-	Diseases.	A CORRECTION.	me reused to meet the additional field had materially reduced the total
ery iOJ ihe lamll is ut the uth^r hiuI^	___ „	... ier , it_ ^ amount at risk, and is more than an profit of the year. In the marine
cap.ives to make inoderaMv iruod	I lils-Tke « s»e «f Owe» IKyrae.	Old Squilldlg—It says barley soup. In view of the increased business of thus department, notwithstanding thti
bricks out of straw* but no actor v Perth, March 5.—There has bt».en a It fihouM be "barely soup.	the Company and the contemplated en- adverse exix-r-wice of previous years,
mananei or farmer.* wii Ann» ,,, , i, .1 remarkable falling-off in the number	- largement of its field of operations, and ho far as can be judged from the
prosaac diva piuuuoe bu 1er of tfuU(i °f deaths in this district, of late. So	Catarrh Cannot be Cured	the Directors deem the present an up- present' outlook as to rates and g* n-
ilavor and gtxni uuali. v out u, m Ik noticeable has this decrease become wlth LOCAL AfPIJCATiCNS as they onnn-.t I>°r,nn« time to increase the capital oral oonditions of marine underwrit-which	1 hr «»f « k ...	¦	that it had the result of causing sev-	reach the *• at of the dl^eaHe. < al in h !• a blood	stock, as contemplated In Its act of	ing, the prospects for the. present year
Imu	h^.iihw Ht.uh ..fll4l"	eral interested persons to investigate	or voneittution*! diseswe, and I u order to cure	incorporation, to ^1,000,000. A by-	appeared encouraging in this branch.
way 0^w?rcLsena	basrovMled^he fao^bat'uie falling-	m^moV.'laVf^Z Had1,	^autLr^ze” th^Mue M18250™00'%	I ub 1 .^4^nt'*of^1 bus^nes^°coLnecUons
I.UI ivvvi ni i*Hu« i,, I hi/ ,i.Lr •	o{l baa been entirely in Kidney Dis- catarrh ( ure la not aqua- k medicine, It wa. ditional stock, to be allotted pro rata I at points b vond the limits of Canada
'»* — - EEBHSEE? ^	...
mmm mmm mam i mm
foi our casamery butter, and even in what the cow gets between her teeth. Diu,- out of every ten deaths are eaus- Sold by druv«.«u.. price 75c.	mg appropriai ion for	,	.	% ' b„uannd dnllirs
- *«• - a^orsrv:	"di,ti..* -rr -	— —	tï .ci ..îsusss ,tp
—---------------------------- elm,.g» I h« rood ot cow, «uddeoly. gators aot^what For th» decrp.ae	PEACE MEASURES.	$ G2.W 89	, T	l° ,Verï 'hr#e
.iim mi «Big isai mb»
w oe«.ae»s «Mil Kxlreuir ierblrer^e made time fur the dairyman For the main Prt>V€ f»tnl, when the pill» are useu. excellence. Their regular nee prevent infectl
----------------------- :rr	î±t «arïÆ'Sït'ÆîSÿ	'
Doctors huve given the Greek name pn>bably noihing e*iuals bright, well' rured of Kidney Disease by Dodds	F. C. CALVERT & CO.,
anaemia, meaning " bloodlttssuess,” to cured cl ver h ly. Whatever is against Kidney Pills. He suffered ,M .* ?Ï*J[	^
tifss;!ïï^Æïi'SS'ïïS:	»•*« U ^ 5=^^»-.
erally believed, in its early stages U© the b©>t dairymen place hay of distressing, and he was in a totally	STRAWBcHht tLsnis.
the disease is not marked by any de- pt-as aoid oats, sown together. For hopeless state, when he began to use ghipp^ in ».ntiUt«d »>oxM,wiih plenty of tided s>mpioLu.i, and often make* don- dniiry covvti bay should, we I hinkt be Dodd** Kidney Pills. Ih©y rurnd him c*uiOkU^an ^	,,#‘8truwberry 8pfdaii«t,
aide* able advance ’ure it* presence i* cui much tuu lier than i* customary in in a few w^cks. This is only on© ol	3, cumminKH image, ont
noticed. A feeling of fatigue after this province. Half the hay that we hundreds of cures in this county.
breathlessness and bave seen in this country would in
A FATHER’S JOKE.
I met an old enemy of yours to-day, Robert.
I didn't know I had one, father. Who wss It ?
Your teilor'a btl.
eCLP Tn«/
DO NOT TAKB OUR WORD FOR IT. TOY IT AND SBB FOR t
HAVE YOU TASTED
LUDELLA
FEED AND QUALITY
CEYLON TEA
observes its name as the finest produced.
IN FACT IT IS JUSf WHAT YOU WANT.
A bach lor mays a wife I» undoubtedly’ a good thing to Live around lhe b u <*—r> Ida me things oo when th y go wrong.
2$ 30, 40, SO an* SOe.
Lead PaoNa a#
CEYLON (IREEN TEA ?
dellrl u* ib»n .lapse. Sold oulv la Laad Pack eu.
Il s far
Britishflmerica/lssuranceQompany
LAKE OF SULPHURIC ACID
11 Pharaoh Itaa'ttSH
ANNUAL MEETING.
GOOD ENOUGH REASON
oouKVi into competition with the beet but 1er prutluoed in lb) world. It is
much oBUAtMi a direoi l *aa to h a leiluw
part on* and an injury to the reputu-zion of the proviuoe. The .lavur and | the matter.
the
IM
IL-
ed. K-tpecially is thin su with butter. Good bu 1er can only be produced from good milk, gmsa is Lb» almost universal food of th* daily cow, aud if the pasture is clean and good and the cow allowed only to drink the purest of water the Qiilk will be in period condition as it bave 1 I he ovw s udder. As moat cows are walked iu summer out of doors the milk can only be spo led by dirty milkers, unclean veast Is and subsequent Improper treat went, it is in the winter, and it is winter dairying in which there is wore art aud more profit, (hai the cbiiiymuii hi» m »re to do with determining the lluvor and quality of lb* m<lk than the cow has cl.anliness, the proper leading oi dairy stock then becomes the must important subject that can engage the attention of the dadiymm.
The iiiiii>h maiket is the market
in the summer months
vs-
Next to
A GIRL WHO
WAS SAVED
At a meeting of the Hoard he'd sub-
wis re-
IF YOU’RE UNDER
I
ENGLAND
MANCHESTER
npHE necessity of using Paint frr I any purpose, you will be inter»
ested in
mow For
RAMSAY’S
PURE MIXED PAINTS
o
BEAVER BRAND" Mackintosh
ofvtr harden* A if guar-mtued Wati-r - proof. Aek f r It,take no other. Hea-»er Ruhhfr Clothing Co., Montreal.
sm
slight exercise,
pallor of the face are the first no- ! England be considered m	H
ticeable signs. Unless there is prompt	®nd woody, if nul musty and bleached
and effective treatment the disease	by cart lets methods of curing. Here,
then makes rapid progress, and the	where no oil cake for linseed is used.	:	The	spider is seldom	In	danger	when
victim presents every appearance of	1*'&\ uais, and wheat bran will prob-	.¦	^	hfanging by	a	thread,
going into a decline or consumption.	ah*y compose i he best grain ration,
The only successful method of treat- while the bulky part of the ration	re CFE* A f#LD is one dai
Ing anaemia is to build up the blood, should consist largely of clover hay. Tske L»xatlve Bromo Quinine Tablets All and the best medicine in the world for	P^a., and oal hay, oat straw and chaf •,	dreg*ists refund the money	if	il fail* to cure
this purpose 1s Dr. Williams* Pink	wiih corn ensilage and mangels as the	i»c	sl	W.	Grovel nig nature la on each	box.
Pills for Paie People.	succulent part of the daily winter al-
JVfiss Adeline Dumas is one of the luwanoe. We bive never shared in Many a man who humbly speaks of thousands of young ladies who can the enthusiasm of some over I he slo, bis own Insignificance gets uiad if testify to the efficacy of Dr. Williams’ though undoubtedly where a man is a other people refer to it.
Pink Pills in cases of anaemia. Miss born sdluist, if our readers will excuse Dumas resides with her parents ou a	the phrase, excellent results may be
farm near Li nie re, Beauce Co., Que.	obtained; but it takes a genius.
To a reporter who called upon her	our opinion, to make good ensilage
for the purpose of getting the par-	and bad ensilage wall certainly make
titulars of her illness and cure, Miss bad butter. I
Pumas said:—“ Since 1 was about	age cannot be. fed to dairy cows if we
sixteen years of age 1 have been ail-	want to be consistent in blaming the
Ing more or lees, but for a long time,	but ter maker for the bad ilavor of his
except for periodical headaches, the product. Barley Ls the ideal feed for
trouble did not seem serious. About bacon, but ii fed to cows the cream The sixty-sixth annual meeting of two years ago my case began to as- Ls apt to be slow to ripen aud slow to shareholders of the British-America sume an alaiming nature. The head- ! churn, and t he but ter iu the end Ls apt Assurance Company, held on Friday
aches came with greater frequency. I	I to be off flavor. Of roots, carrots are	last,	developed a most satisfactory re-	qTAiimxs	saif 4
became very pale, and the slightest	generally conceded to be the best for	port	from the directors. In both the HM	oniîu.ôi	<>!><¦; b«b «.ion!
exertion would leave me breathless, dairy cattle. Mangels induce a good fire and marine branches the -losses fa*hionahlebreeding; Price»reeeoeabi#. M. H r«>, h I tried several medicines, but instead ; flow of milk, but should be fed in lim- have been comparatively light, and the raoe- Hiihum su i.m, gue of finding benefit 1 was steadily iied quantities. Turnips are doubt- net profits on the increased business growing worse, until at last, 1 was ful, if our object is good, sweet butter, of the year enables the directors to unable to do any household - work,	Of course a good deal of the above	pay	the regular dividend of 7 per
and bad to sit in a chair almost the	must be qualified where milk is sub-	cent,	and add 87,000 to the reserve. In
enure day. 1 had now become ex-	jected to pasteurization—t process	view	of the year’s results, the man-
tremely nervous, and the least noise which has admittedly a good many ad- agemeot contemplate increasing i lie
would set my heart wildly pa I pi tat- va mil ges, but which, after all, prob- capital by $250,000, making it $1,000,- Ojjycafrn Casings____________New importations nneei
iug. Iliad neither deeire nor relish .ibl/ kills about as much, at the good 000, and explore new fields lor busmess.	Hof( ,Mi	Am
for food, and the doctor who ,attend* flavor as the bid in butter. It is the The report in detail appears in an-	park, black Wki.l t co, Toronto
ed m» finally slid the trouble wee m* ba 1 -I tryman's as I va ion; and that is other column of this issue.	--------------------
curable, aud that ha could do nothing pi< baldy i h.- be.»t that can l>e said in
1 did not despair, how- ; its favor.
as overripe
A man who is tied to his wife’s apis well connected.
fa.
nr
because they are the best paints you can secure, and all the best dealers have them. Ask for them.
run string
¦¦¦	permanently cure»
m M — Catarrh of noae, ¦JMba m	¦ throat. ach
and bladder. 50c k $ 1 a box. Write for particulars, The Indian Catarrh Cure Co., 146 St. James-et., Montreal.
»
Mille, Mille Jk Halee
Barrister*,etc., removed to Wesley Bldg*., Rich mond SU w.,Toronto.
A. RAMSAY & SON, MONTREAL, The Paint Makers.
LAW
o.
•l

POMMOM 8LN8E KILLS UoaUiee, Bed fKtfl V Bugs, Rate and Mice. Sold by all nÇDj5 Druggists, or Ml Queen W. Toronto. BhcdMHSB
Carters ®°LD CURE 10c. Cures In » jiffy P lie-
Oormace k Co., Agents, Montreal.
THE OES MOINES INCUBATOR—Beat and o heap vet
U Holland, sole agent for the Dominion. Send Sol. itamp for catalogue. 373 Su Paul Street, Montreal
AGENTS WANTED.
good. KBLIABi.e. KNKRorriO men in t.d district* throughout the Dominion to
We want
"unrepreeen
Bell our slock for investment. Phis slock guarani#.-* good dividend* pay ..tie had yearly, or adding to in «est ment ; al*u to f ure application* for good .oans. We pay literal coin missions. Apply.
Sun Savings and Loan Company.
Toronto.
in O'KEEFE’S MALT
'“'«SSTÆKÏSÎl AO.KT
Te send 1er eee eemplele 8HIKT MUSIC CATALOGUÉ end 6FSCIAL RATE
Music
LLOYD W
FOR SALE!
IF DISCOUNT. We
Teachers «§=
¦AT a ¦ 8 Cl,	# see acres oooo farming lands-arenao
Wanted k-ssssss
___ peraore. These Lands are Uloee to Enterprising New
—— town», Churches, Schools, ete., and will be sold on oei reasonable terras. Apply to
PIERCE, Agent, West Bay City r J W. CURTIS, Whlttemore. M
Sour and mouldy ensil-
If the hens form % trust they wilt probably i ry to control the egg plant.
THE Following SECOND-HAND MACHINERY t ¦ ha* li<-en u-ted hut little; is practically m gnod m new; will he Bold cheap: Î O rviu Hand Miller; 1 Emery Rlae-l; 1 Lwtho, 4 foot bed, ; 1 Hltssdale loathe, I foot ; 2 Cim> ka, 12 in.. I Power Hack Saw; 3 Tube Vices, Iron I "Mental ; 1 Larue Polishing Ja< k ; 1 Speed Uthe : 2 Stoke Threading Machines; 1 Engine I, the;
Split Pulleys ,,f different sizes; 5 ft oeà Pu leva. Apply to E W N 6..SBITT, Woodutooà, Ont.
Michigan Land for Sale.
BRITISH-AMEIUCA ASSURANCE CO
K
Mlcb
R hi
PIZ
ioh
^ QOOR L6$
Dyeing 1 Cleaning I H*E!!.!,s3?l":."£:,mR'
WILLIAM 8T„ TORONTO.
POULTRY, BUTTER, ECC8, APPLES
and other PRODUCE
The Dawson Commission Co., Limited,
Cor. West-Market A Oolborne It., Toronto,
•* BRITISH AMERICAN DYEINfl CO."
Look for agent la your town, or sand direct.
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec
i.*
i
to ensure best results conngo to
Book», Rosaries, Cru-olfixee, Boapulare, Religious Pictures, Statuary, and Church Ornaments, E luoationai Works. Mail order* receive prompt atten
Hon.	D. A J. 8A0LIER â CO , Mtmtroal.
Catholic Prayer
WATCH
Stem
^Clcs^S
woman worries
Before marriage a because she ia single and nfier mar-she worries because she Isn’t.
r me
ever, but tried other medicines, but hi ill without relief, and tbeu 1 began to feel that death alone would release me Irom my suffering. At this time a
Set

nage
Terrible Suffering From Asthma
Mrs. J. We! horn, of Mount Forest, i |a ?escana 1Ü0
to help me, ami I waa, . ia	>	oe^earj l() kive an the doors and win-
would prove like other medicines, not d(>w, open to my breath. 1 had
huiUm! u> my case. My paient» m gjwn up ;n de-pair of ever being eur-eistod that 1 should continue hen ed tj]j j beard of your preparation-use and my faihei goi .vo boxes Calarrhoxone. I have u-e«l it and am more. Before theme were al use I I now ^rfect ly cured—thanks to your had no longer any doub: that 1 h-*y wonderful medicine. 1 recommend it were helpu g me, and * procure I «n ftS a p^eitively sure cure for Asthma.11 other haif doxeei boxe» They <orn- Iarrh-o-zone Is a guaranteed cure pfetely, restored my health, and I am ( #r Catarrh, Asthma, and Bronchitis, able to go about and <do work with ^ld by a|| druggists. Trial outfit ajk ease I have not enjoyed# for years wnt for 10r in 8tampe by N. C. POL-before. I think Dr. Williams link g0N & C0 Kingston, Ont., Proprie-PilU are a grant blessing to the sick, (on$ and I always urge my friends who are not well to take them, and 1 will be glad if this statement, is the
pvNuis of bringing new courage and Rive that you can t afford to take the henJtli l# sums +tbar suffer**/ ' ^eeoond.	|
Stem
RELIANCE CIO AII FACTORY .Mont re*
Schoolboys say the hardest branch of learning grows on a birch tree.
i
•Hi
•1111
1
FREE
To the 0*1 or lew Crematory Closet (’•* Hamilton, Onl

Wind
l
I] AlJ.ltl
De a* 8ih —About a year ago 1 bought frero ysu en of your Odorlaas Cremate ry Closet* and bate elnoe used it constantly In my private rsslderre with splendid satisfaction. I am so well pleased wi h it that you cam ibiv mi' soother at me# for n»y hot J H. Mar. h. Mark dais, Oat
I
To Introduce Dr. Dem < Tonic Pills for making blood for pale people, female weaknesses, liver and kidtv y disease, nervouenesa, wrukne-s of the system, etc . we give KKEK your choice of a 14k (told Plated Watch, plain or •: graved, or a dun Metal Watch. Ladle. or tient » i-elibaie time keeper, warranted 5 year-.
The pill* are ttc per but $3 W for 10 loses -.end mount and you will receive 10 borne; and the watch , or write for particular*.
Agent* warned in every town and city.
I
I
Y our* very truly
/ /AOW/ JltrrrLt*
a^H^xA^njCA^	/tv/ v/j
/o dfaro/t /Ll /&4s
rft/ks iCA*/, /
The following are the names of a few prominent citizens who are using this closet, and from whom we have very flattering testimonials :
Dr. D. L. Thompson. Toronto, Ont. Dr. McGleughlan. Bowmanville. Ont. Dr. M. L. Dixon, Frankville. Ont.
Dr C. F. Ferguson, Kemptville. Ont. Dr. Ulrie Gu bourg Flantaganet, Ont. Judge A. C. Chadwick, Guelph, Ont.
C. J. Mickle. BA, Che»ley, Oat.
Rev. John Dow nie. Watford. Ont.
L. Dumpier, Mgr. Bank of Commerce, Strathroy, Ont.
Peter Hope, merchant, Perth, Ont.
Jaa Moffatt, merchant, Amherst, NS
Fat «uia.ogu* and prise flst writs tn
/
uis
THE DR. DEHT PILL 00 .
29 Adelaide St . We*.
Tup
Out
'ÏL0
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.

GRATEFUL—COMFORTING.
COCOA

The first atop la often so expen-
BREAKFAST—SUPPER.
Y
- f
i
!

###PAGE###8###
New Boot &
Shoe Store.
Settled
Down.
Farmers Specials
We are now snugly and comfortably settled down in our new premises, ready to take your order for that new Spring Suit. In our large and complete stock will certainly be found something that will catch your fancy. Drop in and have a look at the new goods now awaiting inspection.
ti
A FULL STOCK OF . . .
A new Boot and Shoe Store will be opened on Friday afternoon of this week in the premises opposite Pontiac House, lately occupied by A. R. McGuire.
Choice Timothy Clover Seeds
And
NOW ON HAND.
Large assortment of Boots aqd Shoes of all kinds being opened up. All new goods.

ALSO
McCUIRE - THE TAILOR.
STEWART & CO.
Garden and Flower Seeds,
Field Seeds.
Look out for Ad. next week.
The Universal Favorite
Advertise in The Equity.
THE WAR.
NOXON DISC HARROW
OTTAWA* GATINEAÜM
The Bntieh Flag Floats Over
Bloemfontein.
tOUT THROW.)
'Hie only Disc Harrow that has adjustable pressure «.springs. This feature i** invaluable on hard ur uneven ground.
Fall and winter Tsme Table
Taking effect Oct. 16, 1899
tyammotli ffed Njangel,
Golden Tankard tyangel,
Wethersfield Onion Purple Top Swede Turqip, Improved Short White Carrot, Etc., Etc., Etc.
The following is the text of Lord R»b ert's despatch announcing the occupation of Bloemfontein, the Free State capita*, on Tuesday last:—
“Bloemfontein, Tuesday, Mar 13, 6 p. m.—By the help of God and the bravery of her Majesty’s soldiers the troops under my command have taken possession of Bloemfontein. The Biitieh flag is now flying over the Presidency evacuated last evening by Mr. Steyo, late President of the Orange Free State.
“Mr. Fraser, member of the late executive government, the Mayor, the secretary to the late government, the land-roet, and other officers met us two miles from the town and presented me with the keys of the public cilices.
“The enemy have withdrawn from the neighborhood and all seems quiet. Inhabitants of Bloemfontein gave the troops a cordial welcome."
LORI» ROBERTS RECEIVED AN OVATION FROM TUB RESIDENTS OF BLOEMFONTEIN.
....5.20 pm ....B.20 a.m
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa.
no 2 Train Arrive Ottawa
Nor. 1 and 2, daily except Sunday.
For tickets and further information apply to E. C. Arnold!, Ticket Agent, Bt Spark Ht., or 31 Central Chambers, Ottawa.
P W RESSEMAN.
Gen’l Sup’t.
goxon
"«pïingTooth Cultivator
I
(fitted with grain an mas» «ewing attachment»
if ileal: fd)
with reversible points, also thistle cutters “if ordered.
The lightest draft, ltest working and most easily operated cultivator manufactured.
The teeth work directly under the axle and within the wheel line.
A* SEE THE NEW SPRING LIFT
0
Official Time Table :
AM
kwv •% -4 ;*r.uv* 6#m* iwtw
Arrive 9 45
Aylmer tBreckeurtdge VEardley Parker’s Crossing t’Mohrs i&u yon Wymans ’Tank Bristol McKee’s Shawvllle Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay tTaok Î* Vinton Cou longe * Mellon s Waltham
•Fag Station. ITank. CFlag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway t Aylmer.
5.45 Leave
9.2i
(MX)
9.06
A12
8.58
II
E. HODGINS & SON.
«.18
THE CELEBRATED
8.50
6.26
8.40
6.37
STEEL H00SIER
AM»
SPRING PRESSURE
6 22
6.47
8.14
#56
h
#•
8 0S
#.58
#02
London, March 16.—At precisely 1 o'clock Tuesday afternoon a Union Jack, specially made for this purpose by Lady Roberta, was hoisted over the presidency at Bloemfontein amidst the acclamations of the commander in chief s battalions in which curiously enough, the Orange Free
State burghers appear to have joined with \\> invite the closest inspection .. ,.uv Farm Implements and Machinery which v\ remarkable heartiness.	are manufacturing for the coming «‘fcton.	vptv vir»rnm i mvnvi?
! s
cant. 1 he Bob: a ** r«. ’ » uni	t viug	intending purchasers to see our lines before placing t nvlr orders else» heie
a fe* hill, south of the place but	a few	j Send for New 190ü Catalogne.
THE NOXON Co.. L’td, Ingersoll, Ont.
entered the town, found Mr. i raser and other <»fhcala and guided them to where
Lord Roberts stood on top of a hill waiting I casualties at Breifontein, March 10, were a1tajjte1>-Honest man or woman to tra-fiT them. As spokesn an, Mr.	crastr	02 men killed and 321 wounded, including	>>	vel for large house; salary tin monthly
asked protection for life and property and	one Csnadiin wounded.	and	expenses, with increase; Position	per
S«ti&SSJir$5| • ..................................—, ' BfBsassMac»
of a cavalcade a mile long to the preai-
7.04
7 52
7.26
Our old reliable HOOS1ER Drills are so well and favorably known that they speak for themselves. There arc now ovei 00,000 in use among tin- farmers of t his country.
7.31
7.45
7.18
8.0U
7.16
8.03
7.06
8.12
6.54
8.30
I#
U.39
#.47
*UW »'tU ftWAA Vtu.
Leave 6.30
8.55 Arrive
Notice.
We beg to inform the farmers that we have secured the services of Mr. Mathieson who has for the past four years been employed as miller in Renfrew Mill. He comes highly recommended as a first-class man, and we trust by giving liberal returns and the best Hour we can make to secure the patronage of every farmer in this district.
We have for sale at all times
Flour, Graham Flour, Germ Meal, Bran, Shorts and Provender at lowest prices. Casli paid for good clean Wheat any time you fetch it along.
P. \V. RESSEMA N,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
TIME CARD,
IN EFFECT FEB. 26,1900
EASTERN DIVISION.
Cape Town, Sunday, March 18.- Mate deucy, receiving an ovation throughout I king relief column, Colonels Drummond the route, culminating in a remarkable and Peakman, commanding, had a sharp demonstration at the market square, engagement at Fourteen Streams. The Reaching the government buildings Lord British succeeding in driving the Boers Roberts took possession of the city in the | off. They bad only a few casualties, name of the Queen and then repaired to the presidency, where the ceremony of
hoisting the Union Jack ended forever, the advance by way of Fourteen Streams according to opinion here, the Boer gov nor Col. Pi amers movement has yet re-eminent of the Free State.	»ulted in bringing news of Making's re-
During his progress through the town lief; from Bloemfontein and Natal there Lord Roberts stopped and ordered the in are, apparently, no serious developments,
slant replacement of good# which were *nd public i ruer est remains centered in In “ South Africa of March 3, np being looted from the artillery barracks Col, Laden-Powe.i h force, unaietracted eara an official statement by the Imperial by Ksftirs, thus giving the populace an by events of greater millitary importance. war 0ftjce 0f the British casualties up to idea of the treatment they might expect However, it appears I k-ly t hat the con- that date in the war. Th ¦ covered ev-from the victors.	»	verging of the troops towards Mafeking orythmg up to Cronje’s surrender except
..—jsrM ss. me ïsurrtü.'îasx.ïï z
General Prettyman is succeeding admir-	^ord ^ hiun s presence at \\ a r rent own	§ome of the figures cabled to this
ably as governor of the town. Be issued	^od the capture ( f tin* neat.>\ passage of	sjde< which is partly because the wounded
a proclamation today, requesting the bur- the ' aa* a* fourteen Streams, keen <»b- at palr(jeberg, partly because the roll
ghers within a radius of Un miles to de- SPrvvr8 i ^	« L 1 K t ens meditates an does not say how many soldiers are sick,
liver their arms, assuring them that they advance in force on Prêtons by way of -n Edition to the wounded* The beat would be paid for the confiscation of Rustenburg. 1 might start either from test of the British loss is, however, the their property.	Fourteen Streams or KleiKsdorp and number of men permanently put out of
Lord Roberts is about to issue fresh	probably coincide with an advance scti0n—-the killed, missing, prisoners,
proclamations which, it is believed, will Tls Bloemfontein and Natal. Thus Lord deaths from either wounds or disease, have the effect of disarming further oppos-1 Methuen may be given a chance to re- an(j the wounded or invalids sent home to ition on the part of the Free Staters. | deem his reputation, as has been doue Brjfâjni R is the rule to keep in the
T Limited	—	from	Mr. Colline bas been appointed land*	wl*h General raUcre.	field hospital# or those at the Cape the
Mouths!	an	l j u	ro#tf vice Psphenfus deposed, and Mr.	Commandant u livier has accomplished	wounded men likely to be fit for action
Fraser will act as mayor.	another step in his retreat	from Northern	#gtjn#	Only those crippled or permsn-
Great quantities of stores captured at	( Colony, evacuating	Rnuxville and	ent)y	injured or weakening are	lent
Wasaerfall have been recovered. As the	t?oing towards hrtnntadt,	where rren	fiome.	The following is the official	state*
result of Hunter’s and Weston’s line cut-	dent bteyn is.	ment	on this basis to March 3,	(after
ting the British have secured 26 engines |	------------- Paardeberg) :
and the line has been cleared to the Kaffir
AGENTS : -Canadians won’t he hoodwinked. Opposition books completely snowed under. Our mammoth Two-Volume work on and genuine “ Life of Moody " sweeping everything from their path. Send your address and get outfits quick. LINSCOTT PUBLISHING COMPANY,
Toronto.
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 212 HOURS.
Boer British War
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
London, March 10, 2.15 p. m.—Neither
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot
Local - stops at all intermediate station*. Ar-ValleyHetd, conuects to-
a (5.10 A.M.
Furniture I
lives Montreal 9.50 a. in tenu Jet. for Cornwall ami points west
Limited stops Alexau-• andria only. Arrives Montreal 11 15 a.m. Pullman parlor car attached.
V U 4 ft A \T Sundays only—stops at D OsHrtJ JA. • JjJL • intermediate stations. Arrives Montreal 11.55 a. m. Pullman parlor car attached.
a 8.45 A.M
Furniture
Limited-Stops Alexan-• drib and Coteau Jet. m. Pullman parlor trains for Quebec,
a 4.20 P.M
only. Arrives Montreal t>.f>0 p ear atta-hed. Connects with Portland, Halifax and all |«oints east of Montreal For Valleyfield and all points south of the 8t. Law rence River, 8t. Albans. Burlington, etc; Arriving Boston 7 a. in., New York 7 20 a. in. Has through Wagner sleeping car. Ottawa to New York.
£• Opr	Local-stops at intermedi-
!)•?)») 1 elf le ate stations. Arrive Montreal 9.45 p. m. Connects at Coteau Jet. for Cornwall. Kingston. Toronto, Chicago, etc. Has Pullman car to Montreal.
Look out for the ITew Things !
Our Spring Line of Furniture is out of sight I
Would you like to see it ? If so drop in and inspect stock.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot : —
Local—from Boston. New York, New England and New York pointa, Montreal, leaving at 7.30 a. m. Stop at local stations. Has Wagner buffet car New Yorkto Ottawa.
a 11.20 A M.
a 12.10 NOON
In Parlor Suites
east, leaving there at 9 40 a.in; Stops at only. Has Pullman parlor car.
6.35 P.M
, Limited—from Montreal • Iravng t 1*5 p. n.. Stops at Alexandria only. Has Pullman parlor car.
Dailv - Local— from intermediate pointa. Cornwall. Kingston. Toronto and points west. Has Pullman pari » cai.
a
Frame are New Coverings are New Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
9.15 P.M.
Officers. Men. . 161	1,491
Free State Boers not Going to St
Helena.
Killed in action.....
Died of wounds.......
Missing and prisoners
Uif'd of disease....
Accidental deaths... Sent home invalids..
Middle & Western Divisions
river.
Humors are current that former Presi dent Steyn is willing to surrender. Much unrest exists among the Dutch population. London, March 1H.—A despatch to The burghers described the soldiers as the Exchange Telegraph Company from locusts, saying they were innumerable Cape Town, dated March IT, says it has and of identical color with them.	been decided te aeud the Trnnsvaalere
—
The Free Slaters south of here are re- the Free Stateis and the Transvaalera. ported to bo rapidly returning to their Colonel Schiel, tha German cfficer who ggggl^gggm^^^^^^^^^^ggwas captured in Natal the early party General Grobelnar is attempting to ea- of the war, has a special sentry at him cepe to the north. He has a large com door to prevent them from doing himself msnd and a big convoy of supplies.	bodily violence.
The majority of the townspeople antiei- Captain Johnson and Tail cl Officer pate that the Free Staters will offer no Bolton, of the Steamer Haehona, captur-further resistance.	ed by a British Steamer and subsequent*
General Roberts found seven British ly released, were drowned in a gale last r-fticcrs and forty throe men wounded st night. Four others also drowned. Bloemfontein, and that they had been well The departure of the transports with cared for. He adds:	the Boer prisoners for St Helena has
“I rejnietd the wounded Boers by tel been delayed on account of the fact that ling them they would be allowed to pro seventy Boers are sick, including many ceed to their homes, instead of being made infectious cases. The authorities are prisoners, as soon as they can leave the striving to complete the isolated hospital hospital.'1	by Wednesday, and the transporta will
It is announced today that the British probably sail that day.
37
2Ô7
TO AND FROM THE WEST (Daily, except Sunday) Train* leave Ottawa Central Depot :
133	3,111
19	704
1	171
79 2,2271 What’s the use of making a stump speech every time you try
to sell a
Sideboard,
Extension Table,
Dining-room Chair,
Kitchen Table,
Kitchen Chair,
Bedstead,
Show the products of the best manufacturers,—they do their own talking.
Renfrew, nhrokc, Barry*» Bay. Whitney, Canoe l.ake, Carry Hound and intermediate point*.
Fur Arnprior
kganvllli Pe
8.15 A.M.
Total
Total loeses (exclusive of sick and wounded men in British hos
pilais in South Africa).......
The Boer lois is likely larger. There are over 6,000 Boer prisoners, and the number of dead or permanently invalided either from battle or disease is probably nearly as large as on the British side.
430	7,807
Bedroom Suite, Spring Mattress, Wool Mattress
irlor Renfrew, Ï Pembroke, and i
For Arnj
ean ville,
4.40 P.M
termedittte point*
8 237
Mixed train fur Arnprior Renfrew. Fgaiivitlf*, M.ida
1.00 P. M.
farms
waaka and intermediate station».
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central depot
)
Parlor Table, Hall Rack, or Lounge ?
I

K;
11.10 A.M.
Ruuftew, Anipr
and intermediate p<
Pirry Hound, Pvnv
Renfrew
5.35 P.M. Z
k*\ Kg.
Arnprior and intermediate point»,
Losses to the Enemy’s Forces
Mixed train from Madawa* ka. Egan ville, Renfrew, Aru
3.00 P.M.
Pretoria, Friday, March 16.—-The chief of the intelligence department, Mol engraff, announces that the federal loues, prior to the relief of Kimberley end Ladysmith, were : Killed, 667 ; wounded, 2,129 ; accidents, sickness and other disabling cause#, he asserted, bring the total to 4,361.
prior and intermediate station».
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICE»
CUTHBEHTSON, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT,
Central Depot Russell House BIoîï.
Tickets to Europe and all part» of the world by all American and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook's lours.
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
a Trains run daily except Sunday k Banday oily.



/ /

/
r
V ^
h

A.
I


J
