###PAGE###1###
1


No. 14
18th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, SEPT
•20, 1000
91.00 a Year
IN Ad VA NCI
BANK OF OTTAWA
Married fttSnnd Point on Monday 17th »i i lint,, by Rev. VV. Knox, Mr. K, Stevens tm* rdiiisecration of wealth to the Her vice of Forester* Fall» to Mini* Sarah daughter of	I he < 'Iminimn emphasized tl
•John Armstrong of 7th range Clarendon, fact that a Methodist preacher must he
piSBil h:e^E3 s
re noon,	I. 'agates were all profuse in their ex press-
McQueen—Armstrong.—At the resi- I ''"T "f Kr,‘!,llu5le f',r kindness received
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.|ÎS.'ySÎ'.SSflSf ''tFTV«STSM
1W0, by the Rev. Dr. Tucker, the Rev! ,	,, w,mrf V,mn>r of them were
Ewen McQueen, of Gould, One., to Hath- l,Jl”£Hn,,y^urprised with the appearance
erine 8., fourth daughter of Jus. C. Arm- J 8	, '1 ü aml have it-eeived the heat
strong.	| <* good impressi
..... i....d oq .PPr„v»i weumy .i | Chick.. »! L> Hii.L 'c'Zpl," I Shawville Academy.
.7^rr„~ %% '."V	rt *•>»« * e^g^
Farmer, note» bought aud collected.	Horner, the live local agent.	¦
""" r “ L »¦
“teSttssst.o'a.suL ...............................r?-*.
............	£ in “a„vpp~ <*!*£ >p;V',S5.»w(r^v“ w
— ” * - ~ Lm	M..ra.sa“aa.a,TÀî:
chances of recovery were poor.	gebra. Commissioners' prize for First
Later. -Mr. Connelly died at one o'clock yen. Proficiency : bonus of 3 months' on Tuesday morning. The remains were Ie<N, for ,8t outHide pupil in Model Retaken same day to Eau Claire.	I 9 PftJtment.
ox ^VA’ marks- Honors in Sac. Hist., Meut. Arith., Arith., Alg., Fr. ; Com re prize for 2nd gen. prof.
T, VM ^IVV v« I Eumrnis Eliza; 7W maras—Honors in ght usa parcel Eng. Gram., Eng. Lit., Ment. Ar., Ar.,
_	he placed on Alg. Com rs prize for 3rd gen. prof, and
record as a sample of the fruits of the lHt mathematics.
present year’s bountiful harvest for r*pWi,f!?n	788	marks—Honors in
Î3E tirtt-Je a 4hSaS Ëâ“
UNDERTAKING	i bve m number, are a magnificent lot, hi Eng. Lit., Sac, Hist., Ar., Alg.
Cuthberteon,Graham êc Elliott «till without 8P°t or blemish, and weighs ex- 6i c Alfred, 722—Honors in Br. Hist., Keep on hand a full supply of under- actly 6 pounds. They are of the Early L	is., Geog., Ar.
5»srssssiAro 2rvrlwmthcprfu,ctof x^lKtrx-ffraarks*Honorain
attention end oharree moderate.	| seed obtained at the Experimental Farm 8. Lummls James, 721 marks
two years ago. Mr. Dagg says the pota- Ment. Ar., Ar. Alg.
Additional Local Jlew. on w ».
For good Perfume go to the Drug I “ne Produce «"ything better in that	-Honor, in
^fcore*	'	J Pn this grade 10 pupils presented them
?	—	! selves for examination. Ten passed and
)
New Goods !
11 red Offi-'p : .. Capital eubeprllted Capital pan! up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA
.........#1,004,000
......... 1,7-t 1,040.
...........W0J.3I0,
OF CANADA.
Ill St
Hoard of Director8 :
Charles Maobb, Esq., President G boko B Hay, khq. .Vice-President
Hon. Geo. IIrmon, Jr.	John Math**, Ehq.
Alex. Fkahlm, Eng f Davii» MacLakkn, ting.
Denkh Murphy, Esg
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000.
yy Fall Trade.
Head Odice, • Montreal#
OEOROEBURN D. M. F1NN1E
General Manager .. .. Manager

118
Branche* ?
IN ONTARIO
Keewatin. Lanark, KeuiptVilIe, Parry Mattawa,	Ferai»
Ottawa,	Rat Portage,
do Bank 8t. Renfrew do Rideau 8t. Toronto, Vankleek Hill, 8mith‘i Fall*
IN MANITOBA :
8I1AM VILLE BRANCH.
Alexandria,
Arnprlor,
A von mure, tiraeebridge, Carle ton
bound
rokb.
We are now receiving large consignments
of Goods for the coming Fall and Winter Trade :
GRADE II MODEL AND I AND II ACAD
8*8*1011 OF 1899 1900.
Place,
Hawkeebury,
Dauphin,
Winnipeg,
Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC;
Montreal,	Hull. Lachute.
Agents in Canada, New York and Chicago— Hank of Montreal.
Agents in SL Hui -Merchants Nat Bank.
Dress Goods,
Cloakings,
Ladies’ Cloth Jackets,
Underwear,
Hosiery,
Trimmings, Smallwares, Boots and Shoes, Mitts and Gloves, Moccasins, &c,,
F. A. PARKER, Manager
Church Services
e #
They are Bio Owes.-Mr. William Dagg, who owns and reside* on Lot 6, ’ Range 11, Clarendon, brought
Services every Sabbath at 10.30 a.m ; 7, p.m. of potatoes last week to Sunday School at 9 30, ». no.
Epworlh League, Monday evening at # 00..
Ladles' Prayer Meeting, Tuesday 7.30, p.m.	" vounuzui narvest, for
General Prayer Meeting, Friday, 7,30, p.m. which, by the way, our friends the Grits Everyone welcome.	"
METHODIST CHURCH.
Pastors—Rev. W. Bowmen Tucker, M.A Ph. D. Rev W. R. Johnston.
Talking about Closinglll
No, Indeed.
IT IS RE-OPENING
I
We are Talking About.
o
THE AUTUMN SESSION OF THE
Pontiac Business College
—Honors in
— will open on-
marks-Honors in
Tuesday, September 4th, 1900,
For the study of Commercial Subjects, Shorthand, Typewriting, English. French, and other special studies.
Special attention to backward stu-1 inery
Just arrived, a new stock of fall mill
Mrn. C. McCago. I Address accompanying the badges
SijIBllS
„	_	.	* jpk* fesmiA.
For Organs, Pianos and Sewing Mu- "ead of the Sidey oats variety, ami mg up for the right at all times ; hoping 7. turner Lyman 578-Honors in Ar chines, ste A. Howard at Pontiac House. ' °^n would like to know if it breaks the success may crown our efforts in striving I h. Lam* Lynda "rftl Honors in Fmr I it
-T—w;
fifth page it will lie seen that we publish	Harper M< Kec hnie, C. T. vm tf,,s ^rra,‘c.10 pupil» presented them-
notices of births, marriages and deaths	Klm.lde Lodge No. 150. onefaikd.l^"""
free of charge. W e have to make
...	,	,	...	.	. , , ception in the case of obituary ixietry,
«ft Tlie Finnnci.) District Meetin,; , „
^ 2-Z1 riiS-ûïîrH I
Mohr s Corner* Sept. 28th and 29th
noue failed.)
PRE
dents
.	,	.	,	, New Fall Hats, now on exhibition at
js. °s t’Süasafiï & as st i *- *•*
ftlon, early application for entrance should he made.
A postal will bring full particulars.
Abmuu»
We anticipate a big trade and have bought accordingly. Our stock will be found larger and more complete than usual.
We sell high-class goods and always make prices to meet any legitimate competition.
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE,
Bryson, - Que.
on
LOCAL NEWS.
Lit
J. H. SHAW
Apprentice Wanted—A good, strong boy abou 15 years of age to learn black-
John Lester, Shaw ville.
smithing
an ex
Grade II Academy.
L Chamberlain Mabel, 1059 marks—Hon ors in Eng. Gram., Eng. Lit.. Sac. Hint.
Ceog., Ment. Ar., Ar., Alg., Euclid. Fr.
Phy. and Hyg. Medal for 1st gen. prof.
¦¦	presented by Yen. Archdeacon Naylor.
W-IIIPEI ISlplH
: ::
mission fields upon which some two "• ^ ainfnan Lila, 853—Honors in Diet
Another Old Ga.dm.rk Gone. &-%%%%, %R. %% 1
•*»-¦* -? -„«?*<• ™ "S."	StoSr	8 :ir •y&œr*
The remains were interred •» 11 o clock the old settlers of Clarendon. The de-1 into the circumstances of these missions, on 1 uesuay.	ceased gvntlvm.-m was preparing to retire and various delegations were appointed I
Dr. Stackhouse, surgeon dentist, will	half past eight o clock of the date with a view to improving their financial [In this grade 11 pupils presented them-
lie at Shaw ville on Tuesday, Sept. 25tb i mentioned, when lie suddenly expired, condition. Arrangements were also made thrcc8f,iilpfMUm‘nal,ou* kight passed and Fort Cou longe on Wednesday, Sept.	failme being the apparent cause, for conducting missionary anniversaries
26th ; Campbell's Day on Thursday, Sept. ,m reached the advanced age of 84 on all the circuits and missions, and on
27th ; Bryson on Friday, Sept. 28th. >'UArs and some months. His funeral, motion of Rev. Dr. Tucker it was agreed;	ACADEMY OPENING.
Parties will oblige by calling early.	largely attended, tork place on Thursday to secure if possible the presence of one	presentation op prizes
„ T, „	. n afternoon to St. Paul s church, thence to of the French missionaries from the east-	pbmentat'ON or prizes.
Pontiac,) was in this as well as several	-- presents the work being done by the de- successful pupils of the past year and to
other towns in the county last week. The late Mr. Wilson was horn in nominations! colleges in the training of eiijoy the special program prepared for the
: Wo?- rxz a sn.» s&td zxzatz. ;= t h EHEESsB
, Mr. Bert Hod gins, youngest son of Mr. ,	\uîir’ Jtî. in8 ^or 8ome time in the various fields of lalwr and address the 1 in g and plants. On the platform besides
Richard Hodgins, of this village, was . ^ lownshij) of Kittey, ( >nt., and later congregations. The Rev. F. C. Key- i the several rev. gentlemen whose names united in marriage on the 5th inst., to *n * itzroy. Removed to Clarendon in Holds, of Renfrew, will visit Shaw ville m ?PP^al* iu the program following, were Mr.
sXr.Tcisr^,.xt"„-	“ A, t: §za 4r«=e„ ï, .	m
mony was performed at Arnprior by the (	He was married in 184o to Miss Station sometime soon. Discussions took
Itev. D. J. McLenn.	IW	tZÏ£ £	I «KÏÏT’
Amount required from each Municipality i 1 16 \U-rUNI.n^ membersi of the evangelistic work It was moved by Address-Dr. Tucker, to purchase stone-crusher, $(t,000), the *Rmiv are • i'*rs- ”en ^mith, Hudders- Rev. Dr. Tucker, seconded by Rev. F. I Recitation—At School—Miss Lena Cald
==•	- iï%ÿSaSÊ'teâS-Sjrs SsBssstas
a keen interest in political matters, and his circuit, to be assisted wherever pos- The Principal.
was all his life a staunch Liberal Conser- sible by his neighboring brethren.	Presentation of Prizes in Model Dept.—
vstive. __________ The public services iu the evening were ' Mr. Back_
down in so short a tune, and in this man- conducted, the principal speakers being Model and Academy girls, Chorus by ®	Chances for business never range of Clarendon, two miles from Shaw-
ner, a fact which renders his death all Rev’s. Reynolds, Osborne, Armstrong, aSS^Lr-- Mr Bark	«ere better.	C. Cam.well	ville railway station. The farm contains
themore sad and deplorable.	Williams and the Chairman of the	Di»-	Address—Rev. Mr Luminis	2U0 acres and is in good condition with all
1 he funeral took Dlace on Sunday af-	trict, the Rev. John Grenfell, of	Arn-	The Principal. ’	Wanted—Young lady to assist m office	necessary machinery in good working or-
ternoon to the . lethodist church ceme	prior. Mr. Reynolds pleaded for	rev:	God Save The Queen.	and work in dry goods' department, gen	der. Premises will be leased with or
tery here, and was very largely attended,	vais which resulted from large study of	r^e progrum was very creditable, serv- : eraj gtore ; must have some knowledge of	without stock as desired. For terms and
rg iaMte sb --art.	jSSSt5i	“"“-sa,,,
tally and spiritually. Mr. Osborne urged |efficiently presided at the organ.	|	Equity office.	Shawville
Pembroke District Meeting
PI A NOS
t
a
* Mr. S. E. Wilson, of the G. V. Railway, was in town last week on the sad mission of attending the funeral of his father, whose death is recorded in this
issue. — * 'v
The Rev. H. A. Naylor’s infant son, who has been ill ever since the family arrived here from the Yukon some weeks
The D. W. KABN COMPANY, Limited,
. L
197 SPARKS STREET, - - OTTAWA,
Opposite Blythe’s New Store.
11. Burroughs Chus., 005 -Honors in Men tnl Arith.
We have several good Square Pianos and
we want to sell them quickly. Our new
stock is coming along now, and
need the room. When in the city,
at Exhibition, come in and make
us an offer.
Do you want a good Second-hand Organ ?
We have some and must sell them out also.
R. C. Dit.uid, Principal
we
See our Mr. J. R. HORNER, Shawville. He will give you every attention and send you what you need—at once.
PROGRAM
§
^-Municipality-^
Aldfleld..........
Alleyn & Cawood.. Allumette Island..
Bristol...........
Bryson.............
Calumet Island....
Chapeau............
Chichester.........
Clarendon..........
Fort Cou longe.....
Leslie, Clapham, &c Litchfield.........
\ al.-N /—Amt.—'
$ 26,285	3.04
30,275	5.80
205,305	30.80
538,403	80.76
64,015	0	00
211.265	3100
21,246	3.19
82,500	14	23
728,550	100	28
57,464	8.02
47,800	7	17
287,485	40	12
Mansfield & Pontefract 81,060	12.61
North Onslow..
Portage du Fort.
and Ac
Farm to Let.
150,586	22.50
57,500	8.64
160,862	15.13
166.708 24 87 322*401 48 37 87J42	13.16
100,064	15.15
38,803	5 82
Quyon
Shawvllle.......
South Onslow.....
Sheen, Esher, &c ...
Thorne..........
Waltham & Bryson
$3,407,853	521 18
W. G. LkRoy, Sec.-Treas.
nun
V
f

###PAGE###2###
tuIn/i of Galicia, and the reerultahave passed all expectation.
Franc* baa experimented with autt» mobile* for heavy loads with the Scot-to wagon for supplying the forts on tJie right bank of the Seine and with the Dietrich wagon In the Soudan.
Germany, from an appropriation of) $Jf>,0"0 has recently purchased seven automobile* for the transportation of oommtaaary stores and ammunition. During tho manoeuvers of 1808 on the Weeer such an automobile was tested^ and In those of 1899 two automobiles wore need oil the relay lines of supply.
Belgium is having one of its array wagons for the transportation of aupe pi lea transformed Into an automne The new wagon weighs 4,400 pounds and Its maximum speed is tea mile* an hour now trying an 18-horse power motor with dinrot transmission rubber tire with interior steel wire cables being adopted for wheels. In the Belgian Congo the automobile has been introduced to replace the native porters und to substitute land transportation wherever the difficulties of navigation are too great for convenient water transportation Carton, who has been authorised to Introduce the automobile, proposes to organize three routes, one toward Heel j tf, branching to the Quelle, a rail ha and the Tangantka, and a third through the caoutchouc . regions of K iasai and Loina ini to the Lu**ialyt. Rapid* and cataracts on water routes to be pissed oil land by meape of automobile*.
Finally, automobiles will find epee-i In 1 application In field hospitals, securing a nv»re prompt first aid to the wounded, and will be useful in hunting up the wounded on the field. I hey will also make excellent carriages for
rapid-firing and machine gune. th*y will eerve to transport more quickly the field bakeries and kitchens, time giving the troops more re*t, and they be tnaad with plows for rapidly making tranches for the troops,again much hard labor, and at the time transporting meet of the
Very few farmers take the proper I «red, as there Ls nothing known that .	^	advantages presented
care of ha rosea it le a simple mat-1 will mhwt thà luster when it ha»L iul< ,|V4 |MVV greBt farinait is quite safe to predict that an I	with two washings and olllngs u bo,n rusted and apdled.	(j(>n for progressive military men, but
infant, if it ha* the breast only once ywr may be kept pliable and present-	—¦——¦	them are great difficulties in the
or twice in the course of ‘J4 hours,	There is generally noms wea-	KXEHCISK FOU I1DGS.	\w \y of t hoir practical application,
will thrive on the bottle much better	(Jw wh4.a outdoor	work Is Impraotl-	H<-gs do not need as much excise	| N<sVer(1)vltVWi all tho greilt nail me of
than on the bottle alone. It i® not	w bl<\ and on such	a day or days the	nfl BOIIU* believe,	yet they do not want	. ^ worj j	& a we studied this subject
advisable to deprive the infant of	barncew might be	attended to pro-	confinement in	a email pen except	^ ^ ^	thoroughly, lu order to
the mother’s breast, no matter how	| fit,tl)|y< Mt*t farmers hang tho bar- Luring the last	few weeks <>f flnl'h -	L,etermillie	the field, the extent and
scant the secretion of tho breast may I <xf the working horses in the ti3g for market. A breeding boar cun ^ limitations of their application in lie It is very difficult to decide bow j UlrIl back of mid animate. This »* hardly have too much exercise, net- |nili(i|ry	and the art of war.
much cows’ milk should lie given such ^ wlfi4eet way, but if this back poir- th,vr oan th% brood sow get too much.	(h<>	Qf opinions the
infants, because it is Impracticable to	<*,^1 be inclosed in a cupboard	^hich are growing for the mar- f<>ll(lwilLg brief summary Indicates the
measure the amount of milk æcreted faNh[<Ml the harness would be pro- kex( should have only enough to keep | ^ ^ whLch ftUt<>m4,biles may be put
bj the breast in question An obser- |	f,.,>m the gas arising from the | t|u,m growing and healthy. A
will af-
HOUSEHOLD.
MAY BE USED FOR RAPID TRANSPORTATION OF DETACHMENTS.
F.tperlmrnl» l*reve Tlml They Way Br Bavd awne#,* 11ly Im Ment MrtrlU» In War.
AND Y ET.
My wife’s no heroine, not she,
No martyr’s halo crowns her head;
No fortune has she made for me,
Or made me famous since we wed.
Fhe’s never stepped within the breach, And saved me from disaster great ;
Or tried for me to overreach The cunning hand of human fate!
Much things as these she has not done, And yet 1 love her just the same.
For through her loving help I’ve The strength to live that none can blame.
In darkened days she’s stood by nieller faith has been the kindly light
That bid me hope—her sympathy, lias made me brave in life’s stern
fight
INFANT FEEDING
won
bile.
The constructors are
In war:
In tho fimt place, they may be used for trnn*porting rapidly strong (**-turhmtvtita from one point to another, either in an advance to seize imputant p» un ta, or in tho critical stage of
i.un Timt | a battle, to out flu mk the enemy or
There are many
American
vant mother and physician will soon
mÊÊÊÊÊ^^t	and 00 preserved, as »11| Hinall pasture of a few
find out, however, how much addi- km>w ^Is ammoniac gas Is destruo- | fouxl them all they need tIona 1 milk should be given in any j to pother, and also spoils the
fine finish of a buggy or other vehl-llowever It mi y be in regard to the wonk hi nies», at least keep
acres
case
A POWERFUL EXPLOSIVE
SCOLDING MOTHERS.
ole.
Tt seem* to me that l never knew a scolding woman who had any influ-
her children utter they
ITEMS OF INTEREST.
from the lyihllle Inn Br Hred I roui n	....
I	<au Br tarried Abnii.	to l*eroe his Hike
Nvarlj every nation nowaday* has difficult!** in the way. however, and
ite favorite high-erphwive or fulmin- the practical application in the field
for the charg- U a problem that baa yet to be solved.
the carriage harnesses away
With a population of S.fOO.OOO Lon- .tabio if possible, dm harbours every day 130.000 for- | To clean a ha row. It should be unbuckled and washed In warm water
Mice over
grew up. While they were young prevails over them by dint of much speaking ; as soon as they get a little old*r her opinions and protests and scolding are either ignored or resented, and her children order their lives
Capt
she
eiguers.
The highest point at which flowering plants have been found is in li bet, at 19,200 ft.
leu
cnn be handled without danger of duty of fallowing the course of I be blowing up the people who use it Slid practical trials, with a vi.-w to de-the artillery in which it is used. t«-mining what may find application Such an explosive was taken by the La I he military service.
Americans in a limited quantity to During the manoeuvre, of lH9Hlhe
tho so-called reservisl* were autharixed to use au-were tomobilee, and the bitter were thu*
in
soup
common, soap will do
gummy substance
nthor | away. Whoa the harness to washed lay It Nomow here in the shade to pait-|y dry; never put it in the stun. A\ b n nearly dry, oil with some good o\U Neat's foot oil is preferred by some,
i two things against
oil being used exclusively—it
The Army death-rate is lower m
Greet Britain than In
In France it is nearly six
to their own liking.
1 don’t know that the children of b scolding mother have very much to be grateful for. I should think she would scold all the mother-love out of her heart ; 1 am sure she effectually banishes love and respect from her children’s hearts. True it is ne-
line upon line and
any
country times as high.
The amount of gold coin in actu il ciiculation in the world is estimated by the Rank of England officials to
are
but there are
this	-
make* I ho leather very »»ft, too soft.
In tact, and it to liked by mice, so if troubled with these use some other oil in combination. Fish oil to ex-
Cuba, to be ueed in
These guns
fyholls containing | oubjected to test under the most vuri-»
Gen. Jamont, for
"dynamite guns, planned to throw
high	( iielllllllllllll ¦¦¦¦
n dynamite they h »d a gres er example, afteir the first battle, dia-
md mounted from his horse, entered his
be a Unit 865 tons Cups and saucers are never used for
>
cessary to give
precept upon precept," but that is very tea in Russia. The drinking vessel for
the " st i k in " a glass tumbler
explosives <*| ciieiniLstarici1*
vs e n
explosive force than dynamite
th«* substance used in them was* user automobile amt made the tour of the
wder cantonmeoU of his troops» visiting
the way his principal fi Id depot of He was thus able to make
different from the eterual nagging that many mothers indulge in. Think a moment 1 Would you like to be al-
ien is in a silver holder
cellent and cheap.
parts of a harness may lie
We always keep
establishment of the
prese n il|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||l!llllllllllllllll!ll||||||||||
short-comings military forccs 0f New South Wales
consists of 9,774 officers and men, that of Queensland, of 7,216; South
Nome
to handle than ordinary gunp This au balance was said to be p* actually the some as the explosive in-
and
ways reproved, your kept continually before you, your of omission and commission kept con slantly in mind 1 Does it not irritate Australia of 5,217 ; Victoria, of 10.218; you to have cross and impatient words	western Australia for 4,220.
addressed to you? Are you fond of There is no market-place in CV»rea people who are always telhng you of of any consVqUvuee for foreign meats, faults l Think then what effect ^<1, or pork The diet of the natives
consists chiefly of rice, with fresh or salt vegetables, fish—which abound in the adjoining waters—and beef.
The low-lying level of Lincolnshire
difficul-
inended with rivets
rivets of different sizes
on
on
sins
copper
hand, and tinware used when need-L’hvy are better than iron ones, the iron ones are Habit*
supply
In a very short time a c ircuit of about fifty miles and to see for himself» without fatigue, the exact position and condition of his command, a feat
can
tin educed by the French a* m> called melinite, from the name
But the English have made
ed
of the
saving same Intrenching tools.
In Germany a searchlight automobile his been experimented with. It is a four-wheelwl vehicle, run by • five hior»e-power petroleum motor, which can be made ready in three minute® and run for fifteen hours
without renewal of fuel works a searchlight, and also furnishes four electric, arc Ugh ta, or 800 candle power each, for a flying field hospital.
In England the automobile gun carriage has b'.'en met fully developed. Th<- Maxim c -inpm> etinrled
weighing only twenty-six pound», and thus is m *inte:l in piirs oi a tandem tricycle, the whole weighing about It20
pounds.
The wh 1 • subjrot
though still in the experimental stage to a large extent, opens up a field of investigation, and many of the problems are nearing practical m>-Iui ion, indeed are already no far solved as to insure tb<s use of automobiles Lu the next war.
inasmuch as
to rust and, so rot tho leather.
One very neat man, whose harnesses always look like new, keeps wax
ends and a clamp on hand, and w hen
begins to rip it is p!<*dve force, and can
gun Which is easily earned a Unit.
name from
inventor
the most successful veil luxe yet 1 curded m Uito (told with their lyddite powder whicb has enormous » x-
be fired from
which would hive been quite impossible with h<*n**s alone, of modern ba111efield* ha» rendered it nroeaanry for the commanding general to rely largely on the reports of hi* subordinate commandera; but the automobile may enable him, as of old, to sec for himself at least tho moat critical pirt of the fiel 1.
In Germany every effort is constantly made to apply in the army the results of all progress in industry, and automobile® have received their slnre of consideration
your
continual repouf must have upon your children, whose sensibilities are more tender and whose feelings are more easily wounded than those of older
The extent
piece of harness
Lyddi,.du.nottakci,s
all picked out, a ad then with afresh « man, a, «
™- - - - si.’trr ... .«°-
One suited in the preparation of this ex-
the mime of the peaceful
heralded all
a
u
supposed, near the
V !»
persons.
The scolding mother may think be-her words apparently fall upon unheeding ears that they have no ef-Very likely they fail to bring
is amount able for a curious ty at Sleaford,-namely, the absence
The influ-

This motor
na
cause
of lwys with choir-voices ence of a hilly environment in dev citaient has long been

about the result desired, but they have
character. They

oping singing well known.
Returns have just been laid before
Parliament showing that during 1898
,	.	.	. the British Empire ns a whole yield-
ally, and make them harder to control ^	onMh;r(, „f th„ world’s out-
and make a lasting imptcssion up-	Qf ,d more than 0ne quarter of
% the salt. one-n;.,hof them,ver. and
words and ways of those with whom seven-elevenths of the tin he associates. You may hear the lit-
1!Vmanne'?1 towtr^he'rseU^a^ the at about 65 deg. Fahrenheit-,hat j. also, little lad treats his pet. match as he a comparatively cool tempera ure-Nr may
his father treat the farm am- W. Roherts-Austen. found that the Klok a Habits that are to shape a life- gold had slowly but surely made its *. two. as the oase requires, and left
eiKSSMB ÎEHSES! nwïS
ed in with glazed paper fastened on ^ ^ £.IS^ ^ laave» the lampblack, bamlwo, and contains more signboards ^	(>n »u.rfaoe instead of giving
to the square foot than any street in j t^oroUgk blacking and oiling deep
It contains no

of leather together ferent ways to apply the oil
farmer m»» a kettle, and has two. or plosive; and
-«». =.« .» ,	,	the kettie This scrapes eu be lance which has dealt death to eight nuU.nv.b.h-fl wore placed at the
„ Jt	h oll go it will not ! hundreds of Boer, and Sudanese. It disposition of the commander-in-chief.
If any pin is rusted it Is work- has other odious qualities besides its
..d":%:^,t2rZfourylr.
an old gunny j eoJdiers from their Crushes.
Lydd therefore shares the international notoriety which attaches to the name of Dumdum—that otImi peaceful village, in distant Bengal, where are manufactured the expaml-bullets which Great Britain has demanded and retained the right to
their power upon destroy the mothers influence- they
harden the children’s hearts eventu-
ra
Dur-
hua just o<m-
a very light machine-gun,
six of which were assigned to the dif-
drip.
All these

feivnt general staffs vehicle* were tested more particularly

therefore, al-
Vite In the evening and at night. On one occasion two uf them were sent out in the night with a bundle of printed orders, mips, etc., with a view to having i th m distributed to the troops before morning
fine
be thrown on nd covered with a second one
sees
One of
the carriages struck a large stone and was rendered useless
in chirge of the vehicle» put the load of the Injured carriage on the other and continued on his way, covering about sixty milt» in so short period that the papers were distributed in ample time.
In February of this year the Ger-
those of the parents.
Then don't scold 1 It spoils your
children’s dispositions and your own It makes you unlovely and unlovable, and it doesn’t do an atom of good. On the contrary, ri does an incalculable amount of harm.
The of fi-
ni g
BORAX
cer
Borax, as a destroyer of insects, ie especially useful. If the precincts of the kitchen and all of the closets and pantries be cleared of their contente, systematically cleaned in every nook, corner and crevice and shelves wiped off with • strong solution of borax
water, then allowed to get perfectly
shelf with
Iwrax and line with
use against "barbarians.
The lyddite projectile need by the Bri'tiak naval brigade weighs forty-five pounds, and is filed from a gun u with a calibre of four and seven-ten the inches. The weight of the projectile includes the five and a half man Emperor offered a prize of $~‘0,-pvundb of cordite, another powerful 000 for the b“st military automobile.
In i he next place, automobiles are to
any other countiy other shops but those of apothecaries
Physic Street is its
down.
more slowly the
Some think the harness can man
and dentists
b2 dried tho better, and puts his harness in the
appropriate name.
The soil of Peru contains the largest number of minerals of any known country. At Piuria, in the north, petroleum «nd sulphur; silver, lead, copper and coal in the great mining basin of Cerro de Pasco, in central Peru; and phosphate quicksilver, auriferous grounds and borax at Arequipa, in the South. At the present time the number of mines being worked is 2.500
employing 70,000 workmen,	|	use, and this is very inexpen-
There is not a reigning sovereign	b.,in4p (or 15 cents a gallon,
in Europe whose family is of the na- nuk|I1€ tll6 cbup&at oil for bar-tion over which be rules. The House	that ftlJ1 be had. I give below
of Aiustna is in reality the House of	formulas for preparing differ-
Lorraine, the Hapshurgs, being of ^ 0ys for 0uing harness:
Swiss origin. The King of Ib-lgiu'm
The King of
one
cell ir, where it is cool, in warm weather, and yet dry enough to cause
It is conceded by all
TO SET A DINNER TABLE
First spread your table with a white damask cloth, under which is a cloth
flannel. A bunch of flow-cut-glass or brass bowl is the
the oil to dry that hirnost* should lie and dry for
explosive, which is required to throw it. The weight of the lyddite in the be usv-1 in the transportation of sup-head of the projectile is ten pounds— plies, food, forage, and ammunition, quite enough to break the projectile not only in tho general train, but also, fragments and hurl them with in the regimental field trains; in the frightful force.	transportation of siege artillery ma-
The whole projectile looks like a teiiil and of the material of and am-cartridge for a sporting rifle—many j munition for mountain artillery; and,
Twenty- finally, in replacing the company wa-
dry, then sprinkle every
the powdered 1 clean newspapers the most pest ridden kitchen will be immediately and effectually ridden of them. Then sprinkle it freely around the wash basin
The kitchen sink is a bot-
of canton

era in a
simplest arrangement for the center-lf you have a pretty lace or
time, several days or even a
some
wwk, If possible before using best time to mend the hirneea is after it has been washed and before
The
piece
embroidered piece of linen put it under the bowl. At each plate lay at the right hand a large and small knife, a soupspoon and a
required; at the left place two or three forks, as you need, and a napkin, with a small, thick slice of bread in the fold*. A tumbler is placed at the right at the tog> of the soupspoon, and a butter plate at the left to correspond.
If a bread-and-butter plate is used it	^ ,
«¦*
zollerns were originally Swabians, be-
therefore partly Bavarians and
into
It has been oiled.
There is a black machi
and sink
bed of disease unless kept disinfected and well flushed. As borax is a purl-and disinfects I pour a stro ig
oil that)
ii!ï
teaspoon, if one is
times magnified, ol course
and one-half pounds of metal are gons
;
tier	. .
solution of borax water down the sink
nine
hurled about by the explosion of the
which also casts abroad sick- '	tensive 1 y	investigated, and this w ill	every	feW days.i
ening fumes, suggesting the vial of ill-	probably	be the main application of	Another remedy for roaches is to
smelling liquid which used to be an the automobile in war.	» mix gum camphor and powdered borax
offensive adjunct of ihe operations of! In Italy, in consequence of trials -n equai parts and scatter freely lm the Chinese infantry.	made by	the engineers of the army,	8mall	quailtities. Another writer say*
The South African Boers have in	the War	Department decided as early	„ Use	comm0n brown sugar and borax
, ridiculed the effects of as 1897 to assign to tho army a cer-declaring that the British tain number of automobiles for the	pr0perly applied pulverized boYax
This his been the field most ex-
lyddite
Neat's foot oil, three quirts, one
unds mutton
pint castor oil, two t tallow, 10 ounces ivory black, two Prussian bin», eight îuno. s
boil and
HI
111
ounces
Burgundy pitch attain.
little more complicated than some
their reports
Mix
This is a good oil, but Is a
the lyddite	_	_
gunners were able to do very little transportation of baggage. Ibis na- I m clear any home of croton bugs,
duiniign with it. However, there can tU«l was particularly anxious to jf u9ed freely about the wash basing
be no doubt that it helped to render adopt a carriage which economized | water pipe», boiler sink. etc.
the home» needed, because of the scar-
others.
gallon neat's foot oil, one
One
plate us
taken away with the soup plate a dinner plate is left in its place. When reach the dessert course the table
the position of General Cronje un ten pound bees-wax and one pound mut-	after he was surrounded; and it city of these animals in the country.
lampblack to make a t ^ .mpuriani aid in beleaguer- ' In Rtwla the, Grand Duko Vladimir
COSTLY CLOCK.
exhibit» In the Petit
ton tallow
_	.... Among the
4P* *1 Mack.	Log operations.	his been Mu-lying the possibility or pA|a^s ^ BettUX Art at the Paris *S-
Liquid blanking and neat's foot oil	-----^——	i transporting the artillery by means hibition is a white marble clock for
applied	separately,	the	oil put	on	NO CAUSE FOR KICKING.	of automobiles, reserving the horses	wbi(,h aQ of(er 0( $J50,UOO	has	juat
after the blinking.	Dissatisfied Customer- You	said	for the cannoneers and for special	been made
Throe parts neat's foot oil, one ^ ^ packers were rich with but- movements or to assist at difficult ^ <y>mi>Qigo(i Qf statuettes of pirt fish oil, and lampblac-k to ma e ^	pdnts on the road. In this way the ^ree nymphs standing, and is call-
a good	color.	Grocer—So they are, sir. Try	them	number of bora** needed could be con-	^ ^ -«clock of the	Three	Graces."
Oxil oil and neat's foot oil applied ^ |wUer ^ aild you*U 8l.e. Any- 1 sidenbly reduced, and their condition TJ^y ftfe ^^eoted by fastoons of
, the cool	oil f'rst	o	^ j eeneJh>w )OU, madam I"	on arriving on the battlefield, im-	fk>werge grounding	a broken	flut-
i clean; the neat's foot at-	------^------ mansely improved.	^	which serves as the basé of
In Austria the Daimler automobile | a two-handled vase decorated with
This vase
ing
you
is cleared except the centerpiece, and the crumbs are removed with a folded
Then finger bowls are
partly Swiss
[he clock to by Falconet,
napkin
brought in on small plates, with doylies between bowl and plate. The doyly and bowl are removed by the guest end the plate used for serving dessert.
FAMILY AVERAGES.
The average number of children per family in European countries is lowest in France, with 3.03; Switierland, 3.94, Austria and Belgium, 4.05; England, 4.08; Germany 4.22; Scotland, 4.40; Italy, 4.50 Spain,
4.65; Russia, highest, with an average of 520 children in each family.
separately soften a:
IMPORTANCE OF SOUND TEETH
r#
4.10; Holland,

Sound teeth not only add to one's
NATURAL HISTORY LESSONS
Nan—I was just th liking what a	hi* been introduced into the army	I	f^tcon* of oak leaves
queer thing Nature is. Now, of what	for the transport of heavy artillery	I	oontains the works of the clock,	to
use is that tail to the cow in winter	material and particularly for the	0f which one of the nymphs
time, when there are no flies about f	transportation of ammunition for the	y printing with her finger
Fan—It may be of no use to the	gun* of the Stelnfekl polygon, near	I	owaBr 0f the clock is Comte Is i o	<1e
oow, but what would we do for oxtail Wiwner-Neustadt. The motor to a ^mondo, and an offer of F '50,00 » was
10-horse power benzine motor, giving m^u. through M Jacques Seltgmann, the wagon a speed of from three to ^ great dealer lu curiosities. As seven miles an h >ur with a load of | ^ clock to among the object» which
de Cimondo Intends to leave
ter ward.
Hog's lard an dlampblack.
Equal parts neat's foot oil and
Hog's lard and lampblack.
the h i mean has been clean-
4.83; w bile Ireland is
comfort, but they prevent disease. Many diseases of the eye, ear and cavities of the head are traceable to unsound teeth, and there is not a dis-to which the body is liable that
The
After ¦¦¦¦ ed, mended and oiled, and the drying
to done, then rub all over with a cloth, and the h i mean will shine like new.
Il iriwn should be clewed, mended |soupf and died twice a year, and thto will
not take as much time as it would i	Did that famous author send u,0(HJ pound* on a slope of one in ten
to have the ham* ripped and break- yQU bis autograph. Polly? imr at inopportune time» If care Polly-No; but he kept nun to taken to keep it mended and rs-I mean Impudent thing 1
ease
Is not aggravated by an unhealthy condition of the teeth. Eye diseases especially common as tho results of poor teeth. These affections may vary from a simple dimness of sight to to .al blindness, the symptoms, however, usually disappearing when the teeth are attended to. Poor teeth, are,
commun cause of indiges-
another one
I've discovered that you
Browne
wore right about Horum Tow ne
Browne. Don’t you remember you remarked about that bad habit he has of saying. 1 told you so. Well, I
are
What about bim?
UNFAIR ADVANTAGE
Combs
to the Louvre on Uu dsatU, th* offer
MM* *
A number of trials has been made
Vienna am well aa in the moun- | wai
the
near
Towns. Ha! ha! Didn't 1 tell you?
BOiMver, a
###PAGE###3###
1

r

rit go, I should be the happiest girl in Madrid,
•*»»»»»»»»»»» »»»»»»»»»)
UNREQUITED LOVE.
END OF THE HUMAN RACE

ing bell, glowing with fire. Fit her effect must reeult from the earth's or the sun's collision with some other
W I	3,000,000 YEARS BEFORE THE EX- body in space. A comet hitting us f
K	0tter Waa m,,re lm*—m	TERMINATION OF MAN.	No, I think that would have little vf-
**AA*4e	7	k ttt|‘,U8ti[ne6tl,,KS'	feet. A comet hitting the earth would
CUAPTER XV.	* sea-green plush, silken shining folds again, was a still wilier ^pouring	[.sTfealhlT hating'a TaTLu^A
The return of Mr. NestorLus enliven. Itbat reflated the glow erf the burn-| of a girls all-confiding love. No Mriitc ebj,ci end *.................. w. comet is a gaseous substance
•d the ten meeting in the spacious *ng logs yonder.	\u*>n talk of the father's consent. All	«nnn.r.	went through the tail of	one in	1883.
library. Lady Cm rm I now handed him " What h*»ve you	been doing sll	wa* surrendered to the lover. "What-	1 he end of the human race I How and	when Hawaii’s volcano,	went	into
his tea-cup with a caressing smile, J day ? ’ he a*«ked.	over mi y be your fate I will share	I	when will it ultimately come about f	eruption. The only effect
" Wo have boon perfectly wretched	"Nothing, Do you	know that Lash-M** * V'*H 8° wiih you to the cud of j Ihia startling question I have	lately	ness and red glare in the sky. We did
without you,” she	said.	mRT 1 *ho abode of dullness# for your	*be world 1" A «wood suitor hid ni>- j put to eminent men of science.	not seem to pass through this cornet’s
"It is worth all	the pangs of ah-	la<ly visitors, while	you men are #11	Paired, of noble family, wealthy, mid- lb at man has but 8,000,000	more	nucleus—«its central mass. To all ap-
sence to hear such	a confession,11 bo | Mb°ot ing pheasants î	I walked over to	dle-aged, favored by the father. 1 he years to live is the opinion given by	pen ranees that apparently solid part
the hall and had a chat with mother. shrunk from him with loathing, Ur. T. J. J
the fields to be | flung home If Into the arms of her | tronomer.
Englishman
I no probability olfman's ultimate annihilation, from any cause," said he.
Were it not for the great factor of intellect, the last hitman being jû this planet would probably freege to death. From age to ago the quantity of ice on the surface of our globe increases. Moreover, the continents are growing and the oceans shrinking. The earth is gradually dying as well as freeling.
" Hut intellect will not let the entire earth freeje, and thus exterminate the human race. As soon as man becomes thoroughly dissatisfied with
temprature, he will
Yours everlastingly.
INEZ
We
was n h izi-
the
earth's
10	; change -it to «tuit* his needs. A cen-
11	tury hence man will live all over the the earths temperature, he will warm the température around him ; in the tropics he will cool it.
answered laughingly
Yes, Lash mar'a udm'rlng eyes re- I * burned hack across cognized that perfection of earthly in time for tea—and oh, by the by, | out-at-elbows loveliness, the charm of delicate color- i Mr- Neatorras, 1 saw you walking in Ing, the flowing lines and gracious!**16 I,iirk wilb Lady Lashmar's read-curves, the alabaster wrist and long |‘ng ^irl.
Tltlsneaque hand fluttering lightly over the low, round table, with tha|w^^ ft vexed air.
Sees the well known as- was immense
But when we came to At the end of that time weigh it there was nothing to it. J sun which has already expended kerned to he of the same material me away from t-hein, dearest/’ hhe eight-ninths of its energy, will have w'bich composed the tail. There has pleaded, "or my father will make me exhausted its other ninth and will n6Ver been a record of a comet suf-
-y.., « ».	» sy — I	“Hi ™.5
man be lovel-er or fitter to reign over W ere you telling roj brother's pro- m.iko me safely your wife before he ^ sun. The latter will still be the	* comet of any size.	Suppose our *	X* th,	orl^n^n fw!
such a house as Lash mar Castle, or tege lhe result of you: experiments caH |,ok aP- No, dearest, 1 am center of the solar svstem.	planet were struck	by	a meteor one-	p .	, ,	.	*	.
mÊrnmmssmHmÊÈms
Wo have not got so far as that ; You ohowe your own pith In deti- j,eat wj|, ' wjth j(	plte[/	,	or two Persons. Nothing more serious
but there is quite enough in thetrans- a nee of m You may keep It. Who- mination of all earthly life such as	In *pa08 there heTe other #u or star is more apt to
cnpflon of those papers to interest ther It lead you to the gutter or the now	w|||	jn D|_ ^ injon been meteors apparently as large as work havoc with earth than any otfa.
you and to assure you that Bold- grave is of no matter to me. You result from cold.’ At the present time Î	p,anet JupitBr But «WI er possible event. The mass of the
wools wife was something better disobeyed and you deceived me for the u„ ,Lln.	„	...	. have been probably less than 200 miles
„	,	,	*	.	_ ne minks, the sun is growing hotter.
than a gypsy	! ot a*	adventurer. You It pro|)ab]y wjl| become twioe as hot
I am prepared to he Interested.' , -p= anoX o] osuodmomu anoi oa,n, M it ,, now, before beginning to cool, said Lashmar with a contemptuous venturer's love. You say that he Ls n.lf ,.•	, .. ...
air, a, if he thought the whole thing -tHI devoted and that by the labor gi,„	twiTI mLh hit
a farce, and Nestorius’s enthusism a of his bauds ho earns your daily
. "Why 1 broad. You are better off thani you not produce the papers at once,—they have any right to expect to be—you,
!
"Take the
Nestoriua flushed ever so slightly
linger
was some one else 1 cared for
He
vermilion ten-tray, and ivory and gold cups and saucers. Could any wo-
park."

She was
rich too, rich and very rich—and this was an important con-
9«uv. Î a t it# n

The impact of our sun with soro*

a nobleman who had five farina unlet out of thirteen, and whose eight tenants were all >n a complaining vein. The Lashmar rent-roll had been diminishing ever since Hubert’s death, and although Lord I.ashmnr had other resources and might be considered a rich man, there is always an idea of poverty in any diminution of income; while, if Mr. Nestorlus
?
f

!
sun might be thus increased to such «w»y and «omething like ten feet in a degree that the earth’s orbit would diameter. But if a large one should have to change
knock the earth hard enough to contact with a body of equal si*e, and change its present balance, the sun’, j, its force of gravity or attraction
ns it does now. or that In suynmer the ' ®reat at*rac*‘on would probably draw /or ,he ,arth were thereby doubled, thermometer will eventually go up to |	The“ We WOUl<1 al1 he
200 degrees in aur zone. With the sun 1 twice as hot the earth might be cooler than now. After doubling Its own heat the «un will begin to lose it. The cooling and darkening of the earth will then be gradual. There will be no sudden catastrophe marking the extermination of mankind and ofoth-
if the sun came in
i
sign of approaching senility
the whole solar system would probably up. A meteor one-half the be broken up. To balance itself, the earth’s size and weight might accom- earth have have to fly away to a plish this. It might take a year be- greater distance or, as ie more prot>. fore wo ultimately reached the sun, able, it would tumble into the enlarg. bat we would be destroyed before we ed syn. We have lately learned that
got half way there.	the sun is not stationary, and that iit
' 'At 48,000,000 miles, or half the distance from the 3un, the earth’s tem-
aml his brood were ever to get the
upper hand again, the war against the	interest Lady Carminow who tho disobedient, deceitful daughter,
landed proprietor would doubtless bo complains that I provide no amuse- You tell me that a child will soon be
ment for my lady guests V"
**	the dead—of &
was not an attraction which any mm 6n heart- Perhaps—are hardly to be «peak my love for that unborn child. I in the present day could afford to ig- ! discussed at a tea-table. I’ll bring nore or to despise. Lashmnr was not thvm to the library to-night, when out of my heart, that you are for me • In love with her but he had begun tlle evening’s frivolities are over, and neither loved nor hated, but non-ex-to think that he had been very much you and 1 can	through them Latent. As for your unborn child,
in Love with her in the days that 9ui<tl7 before we go to bed."	there is no beggar's brat about to
As you please,” answered Lashraar, be spawned In the alleys of this city
even
born to you and that you would win my forgiven*1*# for yourself and ba-
re ne wed with redoubled vigor
Assuredly Lady Carminow's wealth
answer you that 1 have plucked you
; is describing a path toward the constellation of the Lyre. Now, the other apparently fixed suns or stars in the sky are in motion also, but each is going in its own direction, and at
perature would rise possibly to 500 or 600 degrees. No life could withstand such heat, of course. Should the earth
er forms of life, the astronomer says. The great oceans will slowly freeze over. They will ultimately become absorbed by the land, Later our atmosphere will cease to be vapor, and will lie like snow upon the earth's crust.
t »
stay at this distance a year would be
I
were gone, ami that he WAS beginning be drift that way again. Perhaps he ! ' -vou are the master of the situ- whose birth will be more indifferent
etian."
its own rate of speed. These move-but thiee monthi lf,ng. Our velocity ments threaten collisions from time would be four tim<* as fast as it is
to me.
X. ().
thought so all the more this afternoon, when he saw Nestor.us seated at her elbow—Nestorius, who, albeit forty-
to time ; such collisions have apparently resulted within the historic period.”—John Elfreth Watkins.
now. We would bus; aiound at the rate of 12 miles a second. Our buildings and all loose objects would probably be thrown oft into space by trifugal force. As for ourselves and all other animate objects, they would all have bean obliterated by the heat.
" i -said that the earth might also strike something so hot as to actually set it on fire. In such an event it would -never burn up entirely would go from an incandescent to a gaseous form, and ultimately coul down into a solid again. There is nothing lost in nature. Fire could not extinguish a planet.
"Yes, it is true that within mil-
" Do you know Spanish ?”
" Hardly a word of it.”
" Then I am master of the aitu-
Tbeae initials were the only signature* The only address was Madrid. Difficult to trace the writer by i uch


" Are we not liable at some time to collide with another planet?”
" We find that the entire solar system is Continually hastening in the direction of the constellation of the Lyre. That distant group of planets
five years of age, had more than the
charm of yoiuth, whose voice had ever itiong for the transcriptions are all | indication#.
in Spanish, and I shall have to trans- "A.r* the language and orthography late them to you.”	| those of an educated person ?" asked
It was half past eleven when Nestor- I Lushmar.
APHORISMS
cen-
been as music in woman's ear
Tyranny Is always Lowell.
Patience is bitter, but its fruit is sweet.—Rousseau.
A well-bred man is always sociable
and complaisant.—Montaigne.
The talent of success is nothing more than doing what you can do well. Longfellow.
The sower of tb the author of the whole harvest of
m.schief.—D* niuflt-benes.
Of all the faculties of the mind memory is the first that flourishes, and the first that dies.—Colton.
Where there La the must love of God, there will be there the truest and most enlarg'd philanthropy.—Soul-
weakness-
P
"The most dangerous man in England,'4 thought Lashmar ; " all the more because he looks so thoroughly 1LLS and Lashmar went to the library
—the former carrying a little port-
"Undoubtedly."
"And t-be date would agree with
Lashmar told himscif that Lady Mr<> with the papers he had brought I ^at	Stella's birth
Carminow had made up her mind to f,om London.	| may dismiss the idea of a gipsy
origin."
"I think 80. This "X. 0/ may have belonged to the professional or the commercial classes
you can now see almost directly over-

* respecta1!©.”
When we ultimately reach them we shall probably pass through without damage. There is one chance
Then we
It
Mr. Nestorius seated himself
take a second husband, and that if she did not marry him she would in- a reading lamp, and opened his portfolio.
near
in a million that we will strike one of their (number. Of course, if we collide with a body relatively great in extent It may sweep us entirely away from the mm. liut it will take ages and ages before we will ever
evitubly marry Nestorius.
I cannot allow her to go over to
a e l «• assuredly
There is nothing in the girl'd letters to imply that her people were her father's eagerness to marry her to a suitor of good birth indicates
Fuat, let me restore the original1 the opposition,” ho thought, and he papers,” he said, handing Lashmar a j went across to the low, round table, packet. “ They are there, unreadable found another creepie stool and seat- to 1 he ordinary eye. You will keep ad himself opposite Mr. Nestorius,who Ihem in trust for Stella. Here are the seemed to be making himself mighty o°pi«s. Four agreeable.
I i
# «
bio; and, indeed,

lions of years we will either strike or reach this constellation. We are quiet- pass the constellation of the Lyr ly moving through spaces and if any sometimes called the Hart disturbing element appears directly in head at about 10 p,m. That group of our path astronomers will give the stars is an independent solar system signal many centuries in advance of from fifty-five to sixty billion miles our reaching it.”
are love letters, pure I tbat euflh a ““rria“8 wouW have been
promotion.”
now over-
and simple, written by the future Mrs.
Mrs. Vavasour, also in a teu-gown, ' Wold wood to her husband, The fifth —something Japanese and fa ntasti- and last is from Mrs Bold wood’s fath- baps the original of the miniature,
"Moat likely,” answered Nestorius,
"And this vindictive father is per-
bey
away. It takes a ray of light eigh-Lord Kelvin thinks that there is teen years to travel from their sun only enough oxygon in our atmosphere to earth. When we look at that sun I ta,n of 8°° *•'a,1<1 it will ever bubble up to last mankind some 300 years. How now we see it as it appeared in 1882 ’ lf wilt dig.-Marcus Aurelius, about that Î”
eal, with a cloud of gauzy ecru lace er• and dated two years after the • bout her throat and chin,—had her j date of the other four, and was little knot of admirers, among whom ten, as 1 Understand it, just before were Mr. Ponttonby, the barrister, and Stella’s birth. It is a letter that may « the pompous old rector who had called hare helped to bring around the moth-Stella his Reynolds child and had for- 01 s untimely death.”
tha castlc and din,d ,here wheDeTer h'.maelff0r “«''er havmg learned Span-	a, civilization advances. The destruo- or other planets of our solar system
m	-, ^zrzrzz.%! rsrrsrrs -r
have made a considerable difference	that the human race will always cen-	months before the sun would If our I **ere *ies tlle maiden completely for-
•T will have every word,- answered	In his feelings. It he is still alive-a	ter in the temperate zones. Pupula-	sun should stnke the great sun of the I	loru'
Lashmar, "If you don’t read them I	lonely, miserable old man-he might	tion will never materially increase in	Lyre, the shock would probably throw
shall think you don't know Spanish.' |	be very glad to acknowledge the	the tropics. The jungles and thick	us immediately into their combine,!
That is a challenge,M said Nestor- • granddaughter of whom he wrote In
Ills, "so here goes."
Look within. Within is the ftmu
writ- 0toeing his portfolio
is that of five ami twenty to thirty
A Spanish girl's elope-
"The costume
years ago. meat with! an Englishman roost have occasioned some talk at the time, even
The morose man lakes both
narrow
If it should suddenly disappear to" Plant life will continue to convert night we will continue to see it until an<1	views of life and the world;
our carbonic acid gas back into oxy- j 1918. Whether any of the planets in | h* either envil>ua ot the happiness
of ot hers, or denies its existence.—C.
S i in m on».
sun
Setting out on thy soul's pilgrimage, unite to thyself what hearts thou ennst. Know well that a hundred
of an Intended novel with Lady Sophia, who, on the strength of her connection with the Sunday Slasher, considered herself quite a literary per*
TRUTH AND POETRY
Son
" And your plot—tell me your plot,” she asked eagerly.
" Plot, my dear soul, nothing so demode as a novel with a plot nowadays. We leave plot to the men who
Who married the masher all shaven and shorn,
Who earned not a sou from the day he was born.
vegetable growths of that belt will mass.’* flourish more and more, breathing out
such brutal terms."
Prof. W. J. McGee considered the question from f he standpoint of a r.
I can see
lie cleared his throat, and begun;
Alas 1 dear one, I know not w here you to
"My dear Nestorius, it is so like
And lived in the house that his Pa built,
increased oxygen see the thing in that rosy | burning of coal, which How much more likely that
Furthermore, the
ethnologist and geologist
irrite melodramas, for the Adelphi—
the old, old incidents shaken Up in when I can hope to meet you again, light the old bag, and tumbling out hap- Not in the church, or on the way to | the old brute is dead and rotten; or, hasard in acts or chapters. Nothing church. It is too dangerous. Nita if alive, so much more a brute by the
process consumes vast quantities of oxygen, will cease. Solar engines, storing up vast
The Pains of Kidney Disease
quantities of the sun s heat, will with-
of that kind for me, Lady Sophia. My never leaves me-and I had hard work passage of those nineteen years? Any- | in the next century supply us with novel is a novel of character ; my chief to prevent her telling my father of Low I shall not turn sleuth-hound ‘ incidents, well—a little look in the	*ur last meeting. I will be in the	uad bunt, him. What are you going
twilight eyes meeting eyes across the	garden between seven and nine : to do with those copies?"
dark of a steamer off Alexandria or	o'clock every evening. If there might	"Keep them.”
In a ch(uich at Venice, an angry word	be a chance that way, it would be so	"They can have no interest for
In the second volutme, a fan dropped	8Wedt to s«« 70U again, just for a	I	earthly	life	by	Astronomer	George	A.
end picked up in the third. Those are	*evv minutes by the little door, while	"They can have none for you, as	|	nm.	"The	earth	will	ultimately	be-
the three contrai points,	the three	Nita has guue into the house on some	they are	In a	language	you	don't	un-
piers of my bridge ; ror the	rest, touch	errand. You know how watchful she	derate
and go, Lady Sophia, all	toru-ch and	ls, and how she always brings her sew- j "1 am	on	the	point	of	taking	up | will gradually dry
go. Wit, satire, sentiment, intro-	*** au' into the garden to sit with	Spanish.
our electricity. It will no longer be necessary then to consume extravagant quantities of oxygen.
“Billions of years. Nothing more definite.” Such is the lease given to
Warn You Against the Most Dreadfully Fatal of Disorders. You Can bo Cured by Promptly Using
Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pills.
Pain is nature's signal whereby she one suffering from irregularities of All water on ouri planet’s surface ' wa^rna man of approaching danger, these organs.
„ .	.	.	We will grow Few di^ are ,o dreadful,, (at., a, ,
_	¦ Il H	H bas always been a re- ©older and colder as a result of a loss disorders of the kidneys and few are nev_Liver Pills. They are almost as
spection, self-oommu ni ng sparkle, and	I here is so little for her to do proach to me that I am not able 0[ omr moist atmosphere, which acts accompanied by more severe pains and well known as his great Recipe Book,
play of words lighter than thistle- m tbe house of an evening. My father to read Don Quixote in the original.” as a blanket holding our heat back discomforts.	have mede some of the most surpris-
is almost always out of doors at his 'TU give you	a	tiunel	n	of	these	and	preventing its escape into space.	One of the most common symptoms	°for|^,rJ6ybd	be
letters, and	keep	the	Spanish	for	my	Qur	oceans will ultimately be dry ab-	of kidney disease is the smarting,	oniy absolute cure for kidney disease.
All animal and vegetable life	*^ding sensation h n pa sing water,	Mr. James Simpson, Newcomb Mills,
wh eb is likely to come very frequently	Northumberland County, Ont., writes:
I H	. I I *nd at inconvenient times. Ihcn	,a to certify that I was sick
dried up or frozen out. After moisture	there is the dull heavy, aching in	in be(1 ih(k most of the time, for- three
and	vegetation vanish there will be	1 b.e small of the back and down the	year8 w;th kidney disease. I took sev*
limbs.	eral boxes of pills—different kinds—
and a great many other kinds of pat# ent medicine»;. besides that 1 was under treatment by four different doctors during tbe time and not able to work. I began to take Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pills and since thnt time have been working every day, although a me* nearly 70 years of age. Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pills have cur* ed me."
Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pille, on# pill e dose, 21 cents a box, at all deal#
srs. or Bdmsaseo, Bates 4 Co* roatib
oome like the moon," he continued.
A ##
in
up
I
down.”
Stimulated by the idea of rivalry, | °*ub or with his friends. Lord Lashmar threw a shadow of tenderness in his talk with Lady Carmi-1 <**t, decree now
How can you talk of your shabby [ pi inn.'
Do you think I value
ysses
"Upon my bouI one would think you | will, of course, go. Mankind will be "ohs the teacups, which was I People for their coats f And if you	were smitten by that girl oif my bro-
very pleasant to the lady. She was I are ever so poor now, you, who are so	hfoer’e.”
ready to forgive him directly, to for- clever, are sure to be rich some day.	"I am not smitten by her, but 11 nothing left to keep	the earth’s crust	I
Vive and adore h(m to her utmost cap- Of If you are always poor, it will	am deeply interested in her fate.	dark. It will torn	white, like the	1	hv^^its*^	0^“ ur^e attest has
a,city for adoration, would he but re-	no difference to me. Nita Good-night."	sands of our deserts, as it dries. Snow stood %r twenty-four hours you may
turn to his allegiance, throw himself «*7* m7 father has a large fortune;	"Good-night,” answered Lashmar.	win Cease. There will	be no electricity,	be sure that you are a	victim» of
st her feet and own her as the mis- bu* I have never seen any sign of	moodily.	no thunder storms ”	kidney disease	and should	not loss a
riobee in our bon* We bave no fine "There ie ewnethwg particularly ex- ¦¦ i,n't there a pos.ibilit, that some	TurLlin çw!
" Surely I am good enough even for furniture, or plate, or Jewels-only asperating about that man,” he said | other calamity will meanwhile put an Kidney-Liver Pills. |
Wm," «he said to herself.	things my great-grandfather had to himself as he lighted his candle. , end to earthly life?”	I Take one pill at a dose, and Ins sur
He drew his oreepie stool a little before the Peninsular war. We have "I should like to know whether he is « There are two catastrophes which pri*ingly short time you will be far on nearer to the fair tea maker, bring- all we want, but no more. If you or is not in love with Lady 0»rm- might occur. The earth might lose its	pmllet^di^Itl^^nd
lug ciay-t pattered corduroy in con» |	only see ioy father and talk tq inow/'	present position in tbe solar system promptly on the kidneys, and are eer-
Uot with the lights and shadows of Mm and get his consent lo our mar-	To Be Continued.	|or it might be converted into e burn- tan to prove of treat benefit to eng
i
tress of his soul.

I
I

L





###PAGE###4###

Removal !
DRUGS DRUGS
THE EQUITY.
THE MARKETS.
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . • •
DALE BROS.
• t • *
To the People of Shawville and viciqity :
We wish to announce to you that we have opened an up-to-date Drug Store in Shaw ville In
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 20, 1900.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, old. (standard) 7.1c. “ new
()at> per bushel, -0 to -• v.
1 ‘ease per bushel. 00 to 00c. Itggs, per dozen, 12c Putter, per pound, (Hi to IS, Wool, per pound, 10 to lSv. Pelts, each, 45 to 75e. Calfskins, 40 to 50c.
70c
EDITORIAL NOTES
Farmers !
HAVE
REMOVED THEIR
Mr. Tarte is reported to have stated nt a meeting in Montreal last week that tho elections would come off 44 soon, very and what the master of the ad-
When you are in Shaw-ville call in and see our
Tinware Shop
HOBBS’ BLOCK,
0 in ,|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
ministration says invariably goes
(Opposite McGuire s Hotel) and xvv are now ready to supply you with
1
Tapper, Macdonald and Foster, tho j StOppiUG^ I? 1 &C0 tO It0lit,
political tour through Ontario, now »» Creek> Upper caulongo. The premises uf progress. They are out to win, and ^ good accommodation, which includes there now seems no doubt of the result. | stabling for fifty-six teams. Will be rented already stocked with supplies for corn A good local Liberal informa us that I lug winters travel, or without, ns leasee in conversation with Mr. Phillip O Reilly | desire.
Otter Lake.
to the premises on
Pickanock Street
recently purchased by them and recently occupied by t>, W. Swatman.
Drugs and Chemicals, Perfumes
Plows
J
Sponges,
Toilet Articles, Soaps,
Combs,
The VERITY PLOW CO.,
Limited, Brantford, whose plow we keep on hand, has been awarded the
^ I mm pr\ A I of f L A IHnfl prepared as usual to execute all orders LlULU mCiVMU ®	| in the jobbing line in a prompt and
Paris (France) Exposition,
1900, in recognition of the
'!
Customers will (Indus with
the would-be representative of Pontiac to —the latter informed him that he intended offering himself as an Independent "flH Conservative candidate, and that he ex-	TCfldCfS
pected to get the regular party nornina Tenders for building sidewalks on Main I	DriiçhpQ Afi
lion. This is refreshing! What next ? St. from Academy west, and Plckanwk |	ui uuiiou^
________ ___________ St., south, will he received by the undersigned up to noon on Thursday. Sept. 20th.
The chief points of interest in connec- Specification of the work may he seen at
tion with the South African war which the mayors office
A full line of Goods
satisfactory manner
SALE BROS.
Recipes of all kinds
Major. | will be carefully and skillfully dispensed
and at the lowest possible price.
perior excellence of their	Q|ZQ || Y|^|[§
plows.	I	J
GKO. HYNES
SU
have developed during the past week, are the flight of old Kruger from the Tmnevaal into Portuguese territory, with

We ask you one and all to call and in
has been engulphed, and so far as can be the object of emigrating to Holland, ™d	everythin< around the peaceful »P*vt our Store and Stock
the retirement of General Botha, who has resigned the chief command of the Transvaal forces in favor of General Viljeon.
FURNITURE DEALEIt AND
UNDERTAKER.
3 HA W V ILLBj • QUE*
SMART & SMITH.
village of Quyon is moving along with its | If you do not require anything we will
be just as pleased to see you.
Trusting that we may .have the good
fortune to meet you all,
We remain.
Respectfully yours.
usual regularity. While this is immeas urably gratifying, it is also pleasing to hope that the relief to our bilious confrere will be complete and radical in its effect.
Readers of the Advance—if there are any who can fathom the mystic depths of our confrere's surging flood of bitter invective—will view with astonishment the

P. S.—Machine Oils and Mill Teeth.
Speaking of the political outlook in the Province of Manitoba, with reference to the coming general elections, the Northwest Review, in the course of a leading article says
The signs of the times, then certainly point to a sweeping Conservative victory
in the province, and nowhere more so | individual, who, shrinking from the ira than in the Brandon district, where, be sides the general conditions which will contribute to the result, the personality of the candidates will prove an important
factor. It is a fight between the most [ to attack the record of this journal, from .	.	»	/¦*
powerful public man in Canada and th.' who9e political consistency-suprelati.ely «H ÜC11V0 V3,11 V3,5SGI	,
Mw Je‘n ™hemnm.rt p'opulârt.Tzen oTmmv bllnl‘'ticu’- thou8h he b=-he could le.ru In Pontiac CoUllty, to WO.k Winchester loaded Shot Shells, 16, 12an(J
itoba and the most unpopular, between i, ; » profitable lveson.	amongst farmers, to represent the	10 GaUgC, SligHtlV diSCOlOfCd, 8t SI.50
statesman who has the reputation of ster | As to ourcotem’s vain boast of standing | j vRGE^T NURSERY IN C VN XI) X I	h d d ^	*
IV|cDOUCALL and GUINEAS Hardware Stores,
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
A large, weII selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
SHAWYILLE DRUG Go’y
We are Agents for
The Winchester
A H, BOX. MANAGER
IN UNDERTAKING
I also ke< p a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
WANTED !
pending axe of the victorious spoilsman and cowardly deserting the principles of a lifetime, can now have the cool audacity
Rifle
j
i
.3 6 - 5 5 BALLARD & MARLIN
1
y

50 YEARS* EXPERIENCE

ÂTENTS
1
ling honesty and straight forwardness upon Its own props, and displaying to any doTOUS word “ S’f ton ism M	« ^er-like silence on the rascalities of the

STONE & WELLINGTON, of TORONTO.
I
1
Trade Marks Designs
rf?fvw Copyrights Ac.
Anyone sending n sketch and description my quickly ascertain our opinion free whetbr an Invention is probably patentable. Communication# strictly confidential. Handbook on Patents ¦eut free. Oldest agency for securing patents. Patenta taken through Munn A Co. receive notia, without charge. In the
Scientific American.
Permanent i><"itiun to good, steady man; Blairs, the Siftons, the Tarte», et si., I pay weekly, free outfit and g ”"1 terms.
Our Bryson cotem seems to be getting I furnishes a good and sufficient answer. Splendid local references will be supplied pretty squarely over into the column with And whether or not the editor "ill pass j ,ls our stock and reliability, to assist in the Huntingdon ^leaner and other Lib- through the approaching ordeal etill oral journals which have not submitted clinging to the shred-like remnants of his
Of the present | flaunted self-respect, it goes without saying he will retain a firm grasp of a much

canvassing
Apply to
to the “ reorganization administration. Our cotem justly con dernni the extravagance of governmental more conspicuous element of his general
machinery as a whole, and protests in par- make up, namely, his egotistical appre-ticular against Ministers of the Crown ciâtion of himself, drawing large salaries, and absenting themselves from their departments for five or six months, for example, the visit of Mr. Tarte to Paris. Considering its
O. K. GRIGG
Canada’s Sons Kopje and Veldt
Just
A handsomely Illustrated weekly. Lsrgeet circulation of any scientific Journal. Terme. « a year : four months, |L Sold by all newsdealers.
SlUIN 1 Co.-"™"-New M
Branch Offlo* «25 F St Washington. D C.
)
Published
RENFREW. O.vr
on
soon be increased. To machinists £40 to £45 a month is talked of. Several new mines in the neighborhood of Roxburgh and Springs, which the Transvaal government refused to allow to be opened up, e	Many electors who have alwajs voted !are |10W waiting fur men to commence oj -
eft-repeated pledges to inaugurate a pol- j for Liberal candidates in past elections orations.
icy of economy and retrenchment and its | will vote against them in the coming elec- t ntJer tliea® circumstances many of the
,o a...... i, | Ët"sïi,.o.p”ï as yars: cïa* & ? svss
of electors are well expressed by the East- openmg before them in South Afi.ca. cotem have special application to the ern Ontario Review, a Liberal newspaper i 1 he desire, however, to come home ap-
Laurier Government, which for a record which still stands on the old Liberal plat ; Peara i18 )'et to th® 6longest induce-
7“7 — 1 rT'i !=-%M»
.ias happily tt<1 parallel in the history tf promised the electors they would tax them j intention to letuin to South Africa after Canada. Turn the rascals out !	less, they would wipe out millions of their ! they have seen the folks at home.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
Will Punish the Promise Breakers.
An authentic account of the Canadian Contingents in the South African War. By T. <1. Man)is, 1 A. Introduction l>y Very Rev. Principal Grant, L, L. I). Based on the official despatches of Lieut.-Col. < > 1er and other commanding officers at the front. Complete in One Volume, f>«K) pages, richly illustrated, only $1.50. Agents coining money. GET FREE PR(ISPECTVS.
To buy well, watch the latest price* an i in formation in the special TRADE PRESS.
Merchant
The Canadian Grocer and The Hardware and Metal The Dry Goode Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
m	— Sample* Free
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
else that it promised, the remarks of our
The Bradloy-Gamtsoa Co., Limited,
BRANTFORD, ONT.
debt, they would not give the people's money to private railway and other cor According to a report from Ottawa the porations, they would purify the elections,
new franchise act, brought into existence they would give us a tariff for revenue by the present government, seems to be only, and sc« res of similar promises.
....» ¦» — ¦ «-d	«- X"'S ».	»...
trouble, and in that respect it resembles honestly expected them to do as they had The cheering multitude cf hrench-Can-much of the other bungling legislation promised. Our idea is that if any party J^ians who welcomed the Conservative
or men make definite promises and obtain	leader, in the Monument National net
certain privileges as a result of those	evening, following the great English
promise, they should at least make an	demonstration the night before, was more
ion authorities require a large amount of eyort to carry out their promises. This than a straw showing the way the wind
.nformation from official, who are in no the Liberal party leader, did not try to is blowing-it was aeveial.tacks of straw Finest ami safest rifle ever made
—‘xrssz BfB5T£=?s	™EE
ing. It is absolutely necessary that the country, we have to give party leaders to re-awakening of public sentinrent in favor	ww ¦ iwiy m
Government should give those who are to distinctly understand that if they violate	. Liberal Conservative party. The Ml 1	I I /i li
p::.;Zo,TcomZ2'i,.rr ËSE5Z5S	lâ/n fl I I r M
formation possible, as well as the most that out they go and other men be given	°f electors at the street corners and at	1 11 I	¦ I ¦ ¦	| I	I 11 I
accurate lists. This they are unable to a chance. If leaders who disregard their	chapel doors on Sunday, to arouse a racial	If If	I I I I	I I	( I ml
If UULLUl
At present all the Government officials Canada wants and is determined to have	squirt gun to arrest a prairie tire. To use
are experiencing a great deal of hard honest government. A few small provin	a saying attributed to the late Mr. Lin-
æjazzzs EœHüiiEsE	^ «p**— »»•; «¦«*
now be generally used for the first time. party ja going to be seriously injured.	people all the time, all the people some of	establishment Will	1)C foillld
it i. thia difficult, and the delay eiper-	- p^A.^Z" Twîiîbi fouîd ^	this	season	fully	prepared
Mine Owners Would keep Cana | for the Liberal party to bring to as usual to meet the re-
the front the heaviest ordinance they
possess and their most experienced gun- (JUiremeîltS 01 the farmers nere, now, to hold even their strong posi- « lions. The people of Canada resent the Of tllG COUllt).
inference that they are a pack of fools, and that any party can win an election by
Signs of the Times.
Referring to the enthusiastic reception of French Canadian electors at the Monument National, in Montreal, last week
j
,303 Calibre.

M
Savage Magazine Rifle.
which the Laurier Government is repon sible for. Under the new act the Bom in
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Only Emmeries Smokeless 6-Shooter.
One rifle takes six different cartridges Point Blank Range for Hunting.
TELJSOLtEl OO., UTICA, N. Y., U. 8. AMERICA
j^O DIFFERENCE.
THIS IS THE SEASON
FOR
Ice Cream,
Fresh Fruit,
Choice Candies, Confectionery, &c.,
The fact that the name of
place of business has been changed from Park man to Starke's Corners makes no difference with us.
We are still in the old stand, doing business on the same fair, square-dealing lines and ever ready to meet the requirements of our customers.
During the present season we wish to direct special attention to our
NEW AND COMPLETE
STOCK OF

a
our
v 2 4.
MILLS.



0
All to be had at the popular Fruit and Grocery Store—
fenced in surmounting it which is retarding the announcement of dissolution, and the date of tho appeal cf the electorate which a Toronto paper says will take place on October 20th.
D. WILSON’S
J
dians in Transvaal
MAIN STREET. SHAW VILLE,
Summer
Toronto, Sept. 8.—The owners of the mines in the vicinity of Johannesburg,
South Africa, are offering great induce
head of The Equity in last week’s issue. ovc** many Hollanders who formerly
worked at the mines have left the coun
try that there is now a great scarcity of exhibition be likened to an overflow of I competent hands. The managers of
bile, rank and long pent-up by the gi- eral companies are trying, therefore, to I accepted the nomination of the Argen
gantic wall of self-sufficiency with which secure as many men as possible, especially teuil Conservatives.
• „	.......	, , ,• British subjects, reaay for operations as1
t i it sage individual has surrounded him-1a, they can get enough men to start
FRESH and CURED
Our stock of Clotlj
Goods
MEATS
Including all the finest makes in
public men is something Canada a going to insist upon.
which embrace a varied assortment of the newest lines in the market, and only need examination to recommend them to customers.
SERGES
f
Hither moie correctly perhaps could the
TWEEDS WORSTEDS
of all kinds at
f
Mr. W. J. Simpson, cf Lachute, has
sev
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
f
TEAS! TEAS!
• • e	• • •
Sec. Sec.,
Mr. II. K. Egan’s name is mentioned among the possible Conservative candi* I wm found choice and complete in every dates in VV right county.	respect, and at money-saving prices.
•elf. We succeeded in touching a weak with.
•potin the forbidding enclosure, hence The manager of one of these companies,
ters, which inspire us with awe, we give them £35 per month to start with, The institution doesn’t seem to have kept haven't heard in this case that anyone and a promise that that amount would j its assets in cold storage.
Our stock of Teas stand unsurpassed in quality and price. It will pay you 1	to give them a trial.
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE # CORNERS.
A CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED
J. G. McGUIRE,
A. HODCINS.
PROROPRIETOR. *
Proprietor.
(





	
y_____

	





	

###PAGE###5###
¦
7
fit ' '

J














THE EQUITY,
An Early Glimpse of
Court Shawville,
No «76.
vLÔTÊzi
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISHKD EVERY THURSDAY
AT 8HAWVILLV, Co. PONTIAC, qUE.
SUBSCRIPTIONS 1.00 A TEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper «topped until nil arrearage* o paid, unie** by special arrangement with ubllsher.
mi
Fall... Goods
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every mouth.
Court due* must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. 8. Bakbktt, F.B
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
L.B.C
A. SMILEY, Prop.
I
e
J. A. Cowan, It R.
J. W. Eadeh, C. R
:o:
ADVERTISING HATER :
Inégal advertising, eight cents per line for first Insertion and four cents per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at 14.00 per year.
I/ocal announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first Insertion and three cents for subsequent insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will he Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-1 lulled free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
Fall Ploughing
New Blankets New Comforters New Mantle Cloths New Jackets New Capes.
flew Dress Goods flew Silks flew Hosiery flew Underwear flew Cloves
We have an immense range of Ladies’ Jackets and Capes
to select from.
All the leading shades are to be found in the selection—Dewey Blue, Emerald Green, Black,
Navy, Brown and Fawn.
84 Nepean St., Ottawa, Ont.,
Mer cf All Kinds Bo# and Sold
will soon be in order, and farmers need not be told that it is decidedly to their advantage to provide themselves with a first class Plough before they begin.
See our
Latest Improved
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commiaaion Bnalneea a Specialty.
V
ItK.miENi KH BV Vehmihsion :
Denis Murpliy, Pn*«i. Ottvwa Transportation Co.
F. W A VU V
J. T. Slilrrltî,
Latchfnrd A McDougall, BurrlsUrs.
John Heney & Horn*.
H. N. But.' A Son.
This is where
JOB PRINTING.
, Hull Luiulier Co. K B. Eddy Co.
All kind* of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order* by mall promptly attended to.
we
JOHN A. COWAN
Riding Plow
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN SMITH, Proprietor.
Publisher.
S
Shine !
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
Manufactured by the Perrin Plow Co.
N|ade in several styles to suit all kinds of soil.
The Most Complete Implement yet Offered.
A. SMILEY SHAWVTLLE.
The spot spot for—
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B.^., M.D..C.M.
A Fashionable Hair Cut,
Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
Graduate of McGill University,*
Office—Residence of the late Dr. H. H Knox, Shawville.
Our Dress Goods
Continue to arrive weekly and among the collection you will find the latest designs and best values. As usual we enjoy the reputation
of being Leaders in HIGH-CLASS DRESS GOODS.
Tweed Skirts are the Correct Thing
For Fall wear. We show a nice line in Plaids, Stripes and the popular plain Homespun.
(Blouses to match.)
O’ Your Turn next.
I
G. Milana
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C M.,

F. T. M. C.	*
Graduate of trtilty Ueltersity. Tomate ; Graduate of TlcteHa University, Toronto. Ml» by
•lamination of Trinity Mod. College, Toronto. Omen and Rksiwciick : J. H Anurrnono's House, MAIN STREET - - 8HAWVILLE.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
mi
JEWELLER
t
P. S.—Stylish Rigs and Harness.
1
I
fv:
KKiri
A SELECT STOCK OF
WATCHES,
CLOCKS.
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.
LEGAL.
BOORBEAO RAINVILLE, L. L. L
)


^fc
y I

ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, visit Shawvilli every Monday.
THE IMPROVED
Alpha de Laval
WILL
RKfAIStNO —
a Speciality.
WM. GAMBLE,
Ready-made Clothing.
SHAWVULE. »
BARRISTER, &o.f
Room 26, Trust Building. No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
District and Country, j show for Fall trade the finest assortment of
up-to-date and popular priced Ready-made
Clothing in the County.
At Bhawvllle, second end fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over O. F. Hodglua* Store, Main 8t.
The Fruits of Sending Missionaries to China.

I
¦ ,
BABY No. 1
will save you $10 per cow
per year.
P. S.-Rifles, Breech and Muzzle-leading Shot Tho r,ices are nct at li5t t0 dune, Ammunition, &c-	one antl al1 alike—no
discount.
0
The murder of missionaries goes on _ apace in China and the imperial troops are * participating in these crimes. A Tien Tsin despatch, Sept. 3, via Nagasaki, Sept
10, says ; —
Tru*t Building—	Chinese troops killed the American
48 Sparks Street, Ottawa.	missionaries at Fen-Chow Fu on August
Phone No. 1173.	15. An English woman was beheaded after
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac great torture. At Tai-Yuan-Fu thirty-Districts.	three members of the English mission
"	| Two kind, of Prate,..titi Trade.
latter admitted Boxers, who slew all the Clerk of the District Magistrates’ Court. missionaries and placed their heads on
M&tr B HS I
• u AW VILLE - - - - QUE. there. The American mission was de- Canada similar preference for Cana lan
stroved anda'l tho occupants killed. The products in Britain.
Misses Whitechurch and Sewell suffered | Preference for preference is the Conserve fame fate near Uaia»-Fu, after har- vative policy.
rowing tortures. A hundred native Chris The Liberals gave the preference and
tians have been murdered in the Chien- atk nothing, thus helping to add to the
Chang district, besides five American and j fortunes of the millionaires of Birmingham
English women, including Miss French Manchester and Sheffield, without getting *	1 a single benefit out of it for Canadians.
The Conservatives see clearly that if Canadians had the sagacity to make a husi-transaction out of it Canadian pro-


CEO. C. WRIGHT
\\
lv



ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, AC.,
OP THE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,


«
the city appears to be pitilessly desolated, the authorities and the commercial and industrial interests are setting their forces to work and a start has at last been made towards the resumption of business on a moderate scale. The presence of troops has had a beneficial effect upon the criminal classes, and the apprehension of a brief but desperate reign of anarchy now no longer exists. The further the rums are dug into the greater becomes the increase in the list of those who perished as the houses tumbled about their heads.
On the lower beach a searching paity found a score of corpses within a small area going to show that the bulkwark of debris that lies straight across the island conceals many more bodies than have not been accounted for.
Corpses are being burned when found without delay. It will probably be many
days yet, hoiUer, before all the floating found 30.000 pounds of supplies, princo
bodies have been found. All along the pally of rice, sugar and coffee, and 300
boxes uf ammunition.
“ An engineer convoy, which was escorted by the Nineteenth Hussars, was attacked at the Crocodile river. The engineers have returned, but there is no news of the escort.”
French Surprised the Enemy.
London, Sept; 15.—Lord Roberts reports to the war office under date of Ma-chadodorp, Sept. 14, as follows :
French occupied Barberton yesterday with the cavalry which he took across the mountains. He met with slight opposition, the enemy being completely surprised. Twenty three officers and 59 men who were prisoners were released, and forty-three locomotives and other rolling stock were captured. The former will relieve us of great difficulty, as we had to put up with a few rickety engines.
Victoria Cross for a Canadian.
W. W. IRELAND,
Write for particulars to
W. S. CLARKE,
AGENT FOR PONTIAC,
MOREHEAD, - - QUE.
The Conservative a claim that the pre fcrential tariff in favour of the manutac-

*
:
; &
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,

^ 0

—«»
-6

*t-
* I '
* ? *
NOTARY FOR THE

• x
\
lL ¦

money to loan on easy terms.
V BRYSON. - - QUE.
Will he in Shawvllle on Tuesday and Sat -1 and Misa 1 aimer, unlay of every week.
Bullers Great Haul.
JHE
London, Sept. 15.—The war office has received the following from Lord Roberts dated Machadodorp, Sept. 13 :
41 Duller has occupied Spitzkop. He
COERCION BY MR. BLAIR.
PORTAGE DU FORT
----	ness
Several men at Moncton Dismiss-1 ducers, by securing a widened Held aoroad
and woiking on a bigger scale, wou.d be
able to sell things cheaper to Canadians
themselves.
N M	«.	.	... , If Canada had preferential entry into
Moncton, Sept. 14 —Six men in dit- Ijj parla 0f tjj0 British Empire it would
I ferent departments of the I. C. R. «hops j ftU enormously expanded trade to received notice yesterday that their ser- factories which turn out agricultural ' vices would not	longer be required. They pjement8f atoves, furnaces, all kinds of
JA8. HOI'L A €»,	i	are tirst-claES	mechanics, and some of | household furniture and a great variety
M ANUFACTURING 3l\trro.VlRS,BOCKSEL them arc prominent members of federal ()( othcr things. The bigger the scale on ill	leri. Bookbinders Priaient, etc.	Depository	i	trades union.	Other dismissals are j which such industries are conducted and
fth. Ottawa Auxiliary Bli.leSotiety.Ottawa.Ozit.	|	threatened. It	is said these dismissals the ,arger their output, the cheaper they
wete made on the demand of a prom in CRn ag-or(i gen their products and peo-ent Liberal, the object being to coerce j0 rjght here in Canada will get the low-
I	S'KX	-et™.	-h.
and aatlefactory manner. Goods or article* however, be directly opposite from that nreference jn the British market as the
or drfvate ia^ie^on Veaso nabt^terms.P Pub* I intended, and the action of the Gofern- Conservatives aim at securing would also liePsale* conducted at Shawvllle once a ment causes much indignation among all he induced to produce on a bigger scale month, a variety of articles always on ciae8es of railway men as well as citizens with a better margin of profit and the hand for sale: Office : Shawvllle, Que.	| genera,iy.	| number of farmer* would greatly increase.
The general result would be a large in-Americans sell too Much in Can-1 cre&se in the population of both towns
ada.	and farming districts, and a better home
----	market for all producers. The store
When the Liberals first began to talk keepers would have more customers, and of the market over the border for the %\\ bnes of business would be benefit-farmers of Canada they called it “ the ed.
market of fifty million people ; a little | The Liberals throw away the chance
«-âfsssar-
FiBST-cLAsa Livs*y Attached.	millions that they offered to the Can-1 Montreal Star.
adian farmers if they were elected. If they were making the same offer now they
ESTABLISHED 1886.1
How much did the Canadian farmers sell to those seventy-six million Americans in the year 1899 Î The exports of farm products from Canada to the \ nited States
II	were valued at only $5,773,219, but $24,448,000 worth of American farm products were imported into Canada for consumption in 1899. It looks a* if what the Liberals meant was that they would give the Canadian market of five or six million people to the American farmers.
Altogether, including food, raw mater ials and manufactured goods Canada ported American products to the value of $101,642,000 in the year 1899. Excepting the raw cotton and certain varieties of tobacco leaf, together valued at $4,989,000, almost everything purchàsed in the United States could have been produced at home by Canadian farmers and Canadian manufacturers.
It will be the aim of the Conservative party to preserve the Canadian market for the Canadian people.—Montreal Star.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
TSAIL1FF of the superior court
IJ sUawvllle, Que., respectfully solicits on * aj o ni ou t h lor nny busl ness 1 u oon nectlon wUU ai 1 Court*ln the County, Collection*
made* ndp-ompuet urn saesured
ed in Order to Bring the Railway Vote into Line.
IRollerl/p
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
ft
beach they are constantly being washed up. Whether these are those which were swept out into the gulf and drowned or are simply the return ashore of some of those cast into the sea to guard against terrible pestilence there is no means of knowing. In any event, a correspondent in a trip across the bay yesterday counted seven bodies tossing in the waves with a of horses and cattle, the stench from which was unbearable.
The city still presents the appearance of widespread wreck and ruin. Little has been done to clear the streets of the terrible tangle of wires and the masses of wreck, mortar, slate, stone and glass that bestrew them. Many of the sidewalks are impassable. Some of them are littered with debris. Others are so thickly covered with slime that walking on them is out of the question. As a general rule substantial frame buildings withstood better the blasts of the gale than those of brick.
» 4*.
GENERAL.
im-

J. J. TURNER,
score
First Quality Flour.
¦
Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment ia every respect.
HOTELS.
JOSEPH BROWN,
St. Lawrence Hall,
Proprietor.
a

FOR SALE:
Mrs C. M. McLean,
London, Sept. 14.—The Gazette today that the Victoria Crors has
announces
been bestowed on Sergeant Arthur Lindsay of Strathcona's Horse, for rescuing a wounded trooper in the face of a heavy Boer fire at North Standerton
A quantity of—
Kruger Reported a Prisoner.
London, Sept. 15 — According to the Lorenzo Marques correspondent of the Daily Telegraph, Mr Kruger is virtually a prisoner in the residence of the district governor. This is at the instance of the British consul, who protested against Mr. Kruger using Portuguese territory as a base for directing his execut.ve.
The French consul has been forbidden access to Mr. Kruger, as have also the latters's own officials. The districts gov ernor has notified Herr Pott, the Noth erland consul, that he (Pott), who had acted as the Boor consular agent at Lorenzo Marques, can no longer be recogniz ed as a (representative of the Transvaal, which is now British territory. 41 I have had an interview with the American attache," says the correspondent, 4‘ and he is of the opinion that hostilities may be raging for a considerable time, as the Boers, in their despair, threaten to fight to the death.
•• Acting President Schalk Burger arrived here today, (Friday) to confer with Mr. Kruger, but he was not permitted to him, and he returned immediately to the Transvaal."
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
on August
5.
TERRIBLE CONDITION AT
GALVESTON.
Number of Victims of Storm Placed at over Six-Thousand
?
Note.—The above probably refers to Private A. P. Lindsay, of Springband, Alberta, who has probably been promoted. His next of kin is Major A. T. Lindsay, of Springband.
Leave for Canadians.
Ottawa, Sept. 14.—The Department of Militia this afternoon received the following despatch from Mr. Chamberlain, colonial secretary ;
Referring to your telegram of 30th August the Field Marshall commander-in-hief in South Africa has been instructed oo despatch from South Africa members f the Royal Canadian Regiment not willing to extend period of service, to arrive in Canada not later than 15th October. In the event of a Urge number, they will be sent direct to Canada by transport, specially detailed ; otherwise, via England by transport conveying Invalids.
It is believed here that very few of the will desire to return to Canada before the war is concluded.
f
%
PATENTS
The Shawwille
SASH and DOOR
j
AN OUTBREAK OF TYPHOID.
PROMPTLY SECURED
Galveston, Texas, Sept. 14.—Typhoid fever threatens the complete depopulation of this city, so terribly begun by the flood.
Four hundred cases of the scourge are
every
Write for our interesting books " Inventor** Help" and “ Mow you ere swindled." Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably, patentable. Rejected applications have often been successfully prosecuted vy us. We conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal and Washington ; this qualifies us to promptly dispatch work and quickly secure Paten as broad as the invention. Highest referena furnished.	.	__
Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special notice without charge in over loo newspapers distributed throughout the Dominion.
Specialty :-Patent business of Manufacturers and Engineers.
MARION & MARION
, Patent Experts end Solicite re.
L,.., f New York Life B-ld'e. naetr. *
—ALL KINDS OP—
Interior & Eiterior
FINISH FOR
Somes & Verandahs
reported today, and the list grows
minute.]	L,n
Dallas, Texas, Sept. 14.—The cry still comes from Galveston for disinfectants. It is the one hope of saving what is left of the population. Telegrams are pouring into Dallas and every other Texas cities asking for lime, carbolic acid and any thing else that will operate to purify the stifling conditions.
Galveston, Texas, Sept. 14. —Galveston is beginning slowly to recover from the stunning blow of last week and though
im-
MANVPACTURED.

DOORS, BASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. kc ,
Kept In stock and made to order.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPÜLARPRICBS.




McCREDIE & HODGINS.

f




men








t















###PAGE###6###






and reappear in 1 he hut 1er, it to booh go off flavor.
causing SOMBTMINO QDITB NBW-
f
$
•wreH himself, hr gnashed hi* teeth, he growled, but he took out hi* penknife nil the same. lie put It back into his poe\vt,
•iked himself whether he wa* crazy, hut two or three minutes later, when he was about to open his uncle's door, he suddenly started hack, and before he could atop I himself he stood, knife In hand, struggling, not with hi* own temptation, but with the letter. He was nil perspiring and the letter was fairly covered with the pricks of his knife, and when he had got hold of it at last slid was about to hxli It out footsteps were heard outside the gate, ami the judge, turning pale ns death, let go of hie quarry and tiptoed hia way back to Ids uncle's door.
That night he dreamed of a letter box.
T	court-1
H	a* ay from this 1 ne onl-v WftX to procure gilt-edged é The	of n Judge Came i room. Each peephole iu the door was at
•uriace by successive deposits of fresh liu,,er lH b3* eternal vigilance, as that A	*ry ^ m**' * IUe	7 the same tiiuo an «ye, an eye which was
material it Incomes old horu loses “ the 1-rice of success	T _	'	? wlukliig, while a crowd of people
ï- - ««...   	w,,w.	......•a.ï:i•;...
Buidnes* sufficient to withstand ox-	8tlld3' thmr nature, cater to their com-	7 a\,ie vntered the vestibule of	to himself in the morning. But it did not
termil influences. Then it is subject-	furt‘ *ive them plentr	of wholesome	* mge house inhabited by merchants and	Hop, and a week had not passed before
— EvEmHS ! BH™™
» . inis nat uial diminution in the	UI "e loon hinges the	most import-	which were nailed to the wall near the	dnj0 btf hshed It out undisturbed, but to
aut factor in dairying.	front staircase. Somehow llausa caught	***** and at the “ame time to
a glimpse of one of the letters The nd- b‘M *leat (,hngrin, the address turned out
„„„ „ZZ':TTr",,”“'-Jl „ , -	|£35tti5SiS,tjîrK LSAStevBttfSS
non thick retains moisture Due advantage in favor of the black , itor dropped the letter luto one of the tben tLe “•** letter he	pulled out	was
rm a long per od Those flukes then I1*** *« that in capping their homw bt),ee than li da»hed upon him that it fld<1,e*fced iu 0 haud 60	strikingly	like
...JttsE&HeE S£-rS™vs
oath and this not only keeps	61 fu!l hive. ^hile bees are body m this remote part of the city, much ruab to restore the letter to the box he
me foot cool as it slowly evaporates cIllstered work is in a measure sus- lns* th,lt «ho was In correspondence with e8(Ml,ed th,‘ f««“tiug spell, which was no	‘ 156,1	* *tUM 1 LAN 1 •	Silence is golden.
bu1 »»«ures for the solid and growing Pend®d.	* resident of this house. Who could It tfXv*ll<mt ,biu* 10 ‘’•vape: hut. thon, how It is mistaken policy to save seeds Tlien Mr. Bore must surely be a
«/i/ZT - -	T--	......r..°;	:«„s	*« - r-	—-1	—
I < ixelopment. In addition to this ahx,i>s the foundation of trouble and 1 ing? He burned to see the letter once heaven*!" he exclaimed,	dropping	his lf	1	an Hl	A I'ortion	of each	valu-	FOR	OVER FIFTY vpada
*vel-v f,ake acts^more or less as a | novor ikil to come to naught if ne- u,ore* aud a* hia eyes mat the janitor's ?,nns iu l»lnnk despair.	"Who is	lie? a!,I«	variety in	the garden	should	be Mrs. winslowh	Soothing syrup « ^
niu-t result Jn consoquencc of the sole dll<'B whon dr«wn out nearly u coni’,	”• *» ¦Infl». .T»I he occupies a "What's the matter with my letters?"	, / h°,e goihered frMn the for-
bem£ thus ruthlessly denuded of its witb full-siged cells.	Urge apartment. H«*s rich and hand- asked the painter, holding out one which ' hey ur° °®ftain, while the oth-
pnotaction and exposed to the most I	ripply of drones depends en- gaZillty ^	^ °bsequiou#	£ £*"**? '"* fuH °f T ??* T *"* cxpfirlcuce bas *>rov-
mjury. A shoe should never 'll'ely upon the amount of drone comb Ludwig*, heart sank within him. At ‘Til ask the letter^rrier/’ answered develop thid/'kimlTwo’'wVkTin .d-
,Uken ,l0t keen eena* "f liis^iflumiVliathm at'dle* ^''NVve^mind asking the letter carrier," IT^rvll h** gutberftd from tbe lat'
JL........	rsasft-jt-uarj — mSSSS»
ojieration generally a fier	i laterml that is a go xl non- srtld gruifly and betook himself to the letters free from pockmarks This Is the	TLNDhH CORNS,	Incurable. For agréai many years doctors pro
..,t Sfis,1" s % ssrst-vsr.-s zzzi: tssrsust
m&msg aggwm
~~r%\ SSSSSS	— ZZ-
,°ftBn vi* to par, l he 'sol's‘unU. measures about |„Ur cells U,"l\ Th' ^ enough!	houtsd.h.	T° «ANDLB A OUN.
*t springs to the pressure of the U tbe aro ,es" particular alwut , ft* 1 bc“ back tox\l{* heart, and he felt janitor, grabbing him by the collar. "You „ 1 pi< kin^ up y'°ur *un ,,<>m lying HalTe Family i>Ul's »,« the beet.
It hum h. In the great maioritv , r fhesi2e of drone cell* than they are Leld tu t,ie spot \N a* he mUtaken? If are dressed like • gentleman, but you act flut. standing against anything, from
^sSpTriii"“*1
u. !T,v>iThe Best of Advics zsr;ri“£5S	ZAt:r.^SL'lSZ
• a..tiling/-	do here so often?* Are’you a'thlVfP ’ ^ muyzle direot,y ^hlud you; throw the AVENU! HOUSE—%ol
“U'T ’I*0U SUk \	Hansa trembled.	"After this I have no	buU to the	right or left,	Whichever	Mrday.
Mie burst out laughing, and he couldn't	moment later.	poMte shoulder, thus rendering it easy
{¦•‘Ip joluiu* in, but In lb« depths of bis There was nothin* for It but to tell the tooarry. “ it will be resting on your
—......Sp/F" /:S™E= mm^s
Indeed she might take offense und return Janltress were bosom friends. The mat- !lb a	!°,ur dealer to obtain s
ïbîsS ntn mss mmmmmm imm:
e«ai;e*
,	, ‘	y De,e,,!ta|y as to the dition became wur.se. The least ex ! il mnk* whether It was K- street or
teeing	Weak	-beep	need	special	ertion	exhausted	me and	was	folio»- ! ('^~lolt#n "treet or aQy oth«r street ?"
feed, and the best and most digestible	ed	by	an awful	feel,nit of	weakne »	T?.“ i.1 do.ei not Perhaps, but to me	You know how important it is to have
'JZ £Z.',jrrrru.......—•*~w -
*' lbo> frequently I seemed to lose my ambition, and a |	“* don t know what you're talking immediate influence upon thie rniladv.
ne^‘<t medical treatment ; they need feeling of langour and sluggishmss ®bout’ Ludwig," she rejoined, whereupon It- relieves in o-ne minute and cures in
r:^r-ïEs»tfKî sa-^r^w
dal separate pens should be provid- turbe<i and restless. Iu fact 1 was in into a merry laugh ns he eaid:
be given Ch	iUt‘nliou	«W	il Vftry ««'T oomlition. I suffered in ! njlelt"1	1 am UlkiB* *bont A visitor recently returned from
tins way for some time Then I be- | They went out for a walk and passed Br,,il *iys that the whole country gdn lbtx Use of Dr- William,»' Pink a happy ev«ning together, and as he pro- is Perpetually intoxicated by coffee.
I'i-K and they soon began to- work u cepd,‘d on his way home be berated him- It is brought to tbe bedside the
A herd of common hog, may he ch]"**	^ 'length	Z't ^	""""es ”nd before he
luickly and cheaply improved by in-	spinUs ^proved wonderfully, like a top. Nevertheless tke next morn- Idrop8 RaleeP- at meals and between
troitucing a boar of any good breed ,ind fbaold feeling of tiredness begin as he bent over his waehstand and J ™eal9' on *°in* out and coming in.
to leave me. My appetite returned be*ân rolling up the sleeve of hit under- I	'yi’nien and children, drink it
rr,rs aSSH-ns slpSs
she was fooling me; that it was all act- 1 ?g e>el ds* yellow dry skin and a lug?" he asked himself. "If she loves cbr<mi0/xcitabiht> worse than that somebody else, what made her accept | produced b3* wlusky. me?” he argued and regained his
Posure, but the next moment he reflected	DRESSING OR FILLING
ZWtZSK "ÆZS21 ,T -• -.n,.b
weird love Intrigue, a mysterious plot ,	1 m very	of men’s clothes
with his Wllhelmins as its central flg- You don't like them, do youf ure, and his curiosity and the rovHtery Yee- 1 do," replied the girl* ff;ri
new | day. noticing hi* worried look.
"Nothing at all."
“But you look out of sorts."
Ho assured her ho wo a In good spirits, but inwardly wondered whether her questions were not part of a complex scheme to deceive him.
One day, as he entered the vestibule ef the house where his uncle lived, he beheld a letter In the painter'# box. FT# took a close look at It through tbe little mirk "Dr. I holes In the door, and, oh, honors, he
was sure the "Ion" which be could make
On the Farm.
A PRIME FAVORITE	"ltei-am,

Streaky butter is the result of the
salt not he'ng evenly distributed.
Where the salt has not penetrated a
white «Leak appears, us salt develops color
TUK HORSE’S FOOT.
In the tiatura1 construction of the horse's foot, the horn ie secreted from <! es ,his defect
the living surface, and myriads of frequently contains lime, and if used Itoautiful vascular and
A little more working
. C oarse, inferior salt
reme-
OlD Y" LON TBJA.
CEYLON UREEN TEA
sensitive tufts on ^tter, the 1 me which Is a great | Sam# flavor »• Japan, enly mere delirious. «u>peude*t from this surface enter the h,eachin* “Senoy, takes the color from ho va fiheiM to
In Lem# Paoketi
25, 30, 40, SO mntf SOe
IFlat Will Paint Do ?
A little paint properly placed will make a fine house out ol an old It will takeaway the dingy, tumbledown appearance, and make it look fresh and new,
a certain depth, and , uUer‘
Play an Important part in the forma- Mottled butter is usually duo to the [I tion of the sole. The newly formed l>ul 101 bt*ing too cold and firm when 1 1 horn is soft and spongy, and incapable XVUI kt>d, this salt not being able to « resisting exposure to t ho air, but as dissolve and penetrate through it.
* is pushed further
one
THE LETTER BOX.
1
V
RAMSAY’S
PAINTS
were
6
re

\
I
W* l
*)
V
Will add to the value of the
house and to the pleasure of living
there. They are jure paints and
will wear longer than any other. Ask your dealer.
w
\
\
exe6lSS of born of the sole beneficial
Uji n is

is a most
process for the hoof
I L
A. RAMSAY & SON,
EeVd IS42.
MONTREAL,
Paint Makers*
I am thinking of sending soma of my now electric fans to China. Don't do It. Why not? There a re too many revolutions there already.
eenous
Under
any circumstances
remain on
ft horse mure than two months, and to Ov*rdo %
* less time would be all the better The first
ILves with thick walls made of some
the horse shot
You
»uy ho his adopted art as a profession f Yes; ho hi# adopted it. Hut he treats it like a cruel step. | father in a story book
ra
,
or drag it toward .' ii, ta 1m hold of it by the foreatock
r
er
manlike, though if he Pot other
is pressed hard reason he is unable to a satisfactory character. Hit* practice of the paring of the sole !
Xti* 111 *»>' opinion, absurd in the trame, and has not thd
recommendation to
i believe that
TO THOSE WHO FEEL SICK. WEAK ! »»kfd
OR DEPRESSED.
SOS.
g ve one of


*II%W Relie fol, <om, «r While Her It Will.
N.H., Tells Hon the Rig Inrd Hr*IHi
• ••«I A«l r lie» Olàere Co Follow Ix.unple.
vx-
liiost trifling j support it. Nor do
ia 'he u	n of »h...
ing a horse an e .-¦•d tool should be used. The
op-
H i
CALVERT’S
ever
<
rasp .s all that
Dosaiy, and that should be used with 1 he noisy swish of the •xtrcine caul
is nu-
tiAspereru it
on
is a pretty little cottage.
In ibis cottage there dwells with her parents. Misa Be île Cohuon
river

many kinds
ENGLAND.
Brass Band
mu. t not
mod
«V
Sausage Casing! -N*r importation* finest English
?hM. «r fa
Etooardiae, 0»L
Lumbago
LAW
MILL!, MILLS * HALES,
Barristers, eto.
n con-
Ad-
ihis
.Wood & I’huioEncraving v,
If You are Subject to Cramps
0

is Rheumatism of the back. The cause m Uric Acid iu the blood. If the kidney* did their work there would be no Uric Acid and no Lumbago. Make the kidneys do their work. The •ure, positive and only cure for Lumbage is
IHTYT
l
liai
i S3=Ü5Ü3p
1 ^êssm
COFFEE INTOXICATION
r*-
Dodd’s
Kidney
improving HOGS
lyelng ! Cleaning !
Look for Mfeot In your town, or Mod direct.
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec
mo-
but of pure blood. Select of the same breed each year but not b near relative. Such
a new one
Pills
a course will
give a herd all the characteristics of ! U 1 <>Ztsu b,3Ce,H 1 felt stronger than I that breed in a few- jears. But if each * ^ d<me‘ fo,r y^rs. Since that time year a newr breed is selected the at- I whenever I feed the need of a medi-tempted improvement will prove a cim a	of Or. Williams'
failure. In-and-in breeding is a noth-	Fills has always brought
and fatal error in perpetuating our , Spw*,y reLi*fl and in future when ail-best breeds and families, es no animal * ^hill
ENGLISH
TEETHING SYRUP
Largest Sale
com-
HOW HE GOT IT.
Rilly—Got a new watch, ehi M’hat aid it e-out yet
fur. yet.
BUly— VY nttt « de charge, den?
.bin in y—If dey ever le any charge
giieas il II be highway robb -ry.

me
i

i
never use anything but these pills, and strongly advise others to follow my example/*
Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills create r blood, build up tbe nerves, and thus drive disease from the system hundreds of oases they have cured after all other medicines have failed, thus establishing the claim that they
]
shows deterioration from that as soon as the hog.
IN THE WORLD.
cause
i
one

»

BUTTER MAKING
1
¦»**w 'UU, GicJusAiXtO.
Csf '¥**' witAs A> Ais it *
€4 Curvl Ai^ss
PACKARD'S
Shoe Dressing
A V B OFTEN HINE
HOE
AU COLORS All LEATHERS.
L N. Packard â Ce.
Iiu
Quick churning in nine cases out Pf ten means quite a loss of butter fat in the buttermilk.
I
du* Ao
\
i
Have you ever noticed white specks
In tbe butter ? The cream has been '“V marvel amon® the ‘Humph* of
allowed to become overripe and baa not ™1rmi>rday‘l “i!',0e The *enuinB
been well stirred each time fresh	‘ U are et>1<1 onltr ln
Igliili
m *nne of the, specks cling to the fat box.	whole address seized Ludwig. 1[«» strug-
«W wqh the temptation like • lion. He
t
t
1

<L4

t

Jclâu/

\
%
i
-
\

L




- *v ;

L


	
###PAGE###7###

eel with a hand-feel Chinese indus*
GUARDING BANK TREASURE
to attend the door, and am cooking in a hot kitchen in Augumt Lh not always compatible with an orderly apjiearanoe Mrs. Hale tried to relieve the meld am
of ten m possible. Tbs dainty evening opened the door of the office just as
inval upon which the master of Che his wife was passing through the hall.I jewels owned by hou.*- depended wm often prepared liy Mrs- clar„ b,ld l.een in the office for| roy,U house, the mistress in order that the maid
EXTREME CARE
HIS WIFE.
day. 1 must take care of myself I Good-uight I He sure to lock up tha house, and put out all the lights I’" The nest morning Dr. If ale hull
try jndwxJ us as inveterate as Chines# economy. Women ueunliy work at such reeling while they stand and guwiip in the alley ways
Twit en in 4|| réunir le* In Froleel Ihe I'fnWN Jewel* From Thieve».
The lient *nf. u.inrd I» Mm man **«• Thu I
One
Uafrli llie V nil an<1 Wnlrli
between reel
Aanlher
When fhe priceless value of the
members <>f
" Modern banks are relying more their hau#*». if there is no and more uj#on men instead of metal I handy they will be stitching upon a for their protect ion,” remarked anof-lahoe soi** ficial in a big financial institution. Bare feet are unknown in China. Even “ In former days ' he continued, "they a beggar wears shoes, though he may
upon have no other clothing than the bead-
many
s taken into consider-
some time and was taking her leave.I ation it is not surprising that very Not wishing to be seen by the fastid- stringent measures should he adoptions caller Mrs. Hale stepped back in ed for their protection
i In* shadow of the staircase, and oonldl jewtle the EooJon Tower, fur In 1 depended aim eltogethe^^l
not avoid hearing her husband's eym-| «tance, nil hough having been stolen massive walls, enormous doors and I bowl, which serves both as a hat and
more than once, are now considered ponderous locks. It is true there was hold out when there is a chance of
always a so-called * night-watchman * | alms, but in nine cases out of ten he was
F he may once have been pretty ; she far from beautiful now. She was
always a salable article.
¦
Mite ttn<l bor ,ace wae at> tbin tb:lt might I mi présentable at all hours. A
brawn eyes seemed too large for
the other features. The dark rime H,, x , X|H.n but the doctor was very
b*n*t:b tbe ,ower li<lfl	lo tbe particular about Marthas appearance
apparent size and depth of the eyes. tin([ would always have her in a oondi-Het comptezion we» «allow, her Ups tion that smile that a close observer (|(X)r
was forced
Her
was deemed an unneoes
The crown
pathetic voice a« be said
was suitable for attending
irid for assisting him in his
To night her mistress sent fashionably «owned woman lo whom her to bed early, then at midnight «he «be was tollting noted the lack of ^rae|f b|.oi|ed Q aUwk an(| mlule „ ^
btuuly, not the path,» of lhe face. ;of ^ffee for her lord and master who, ••1 am sorry I he doctor is out," the „b, felt aur6| W(>uld return on tbe ,2.30
•aller wee saying. "Do you know when train. He always liked something In be will be inf”	eut when he come in late.
"No-he was uncertain as to the quarter of 1 o’clock the wound of his hour of his return.”	key in the lock notified her of his ar-
“And he has gone Into town f Will rival, and she went out in the hull to he not be back to-night t”	meet him.
"You must take care of yourself 11 he practically proof against thieves You need rest and change. To neglect f°r» in addition to the beefeaters, as any unfavorable symptom is unkind *he London [Milice are called, there is to those who have your welfare at * «mall army of private detectives, heart. 1 tried to get to your house always on the spot, day and night, yesterday, hut was called to the city who wiwild quickly frustrate the iléon important business. I greatly re-| *‘gns of would-be burglars.
In add n iu ihese, how there
wore A would h ive seen
Nothing is wasted in China. Even some eupe ran ousted employee, half I grme• and wb-at routs sue palled up, blind and deaf, who was given the washed, dried and used for fuel.
The
office
job in lieu of a pension, and who slept Scraps of paper and cloth are pasted placidly from dark to dawn in the together to make the insoles of shoes, easiest office chair he could find. It | ifots of wood are glued to build up seems incredible
years ago that was the only kind of I spinners and straw-plaiters earn 2o a
guard employed i»y the majority of day
the biggest hanks. 1 he vault was ev- commonly like the wwaving erything then, and directors went on fourni	only a part of unpaid
the theory that the way to keep bur- | foousehold
but twenty-five eithor a board
Women
or a post
At a ett€Mi t."
And the patient replied
Just to aH«*r British M ijesty's own jewels, have a talk with you makes me feel also of great value, and not more better already. You are the soul of | than a dozen people know where they
are kept. For safety's sake they have
lh. spinning, though, is moot
at the
sympathy.*1
As the husband followed his visitor I nil been duplicated in paste, and any out upon the veranda the little wife attempt at robbery would probably ran swiftly upstairs to her room, result in the thieves faking away There she walkd up and down, hands | valueless imitations
somewhere in the recesses of Windsor
Machine-made
labor
"I don't know," warn the hesitating "But if he does come home it
lie was undeniably a handsome man as he stood In the glare of the light fulling from the banging lump—and a marked contrast to his fragile wife He was broad-shouldered, tall, erect, and had that indefinable quality known os he did not call 1 drove by at this late "style.” Bis eyes were gray and exhour of the day, thinking I should find press!ve, his nose straight, while a him at home now."
glars from getting their money was cloth and thread have of late come to
to hu r round it by immense musses of	heavily upon the cot ton-worker*
cold steel.
" Needless to may," the banker went on, smiling, " they were disillusion-
answer
will be very late wûen he arrives.'* "But l meut him a note last even.
but that fact im in a degree offset by th«- growing impart of raw cotton. StiiJ some of the light yellow handmade fabric, known th*« world over a*
But hidden
ing, asking him to call (him morning. I am mure he must have received it. As
clinched, and eyes flashing
Castle (he real stones repose, and are carefully guarded by men who are among the cleverest detectives of I he day, and who reside in (he castle ns ordinary officials. It is not generally known that, by an old law still in force, the reigning sovereign has the [>ower to [»nt to death those persons through whose carelessness any of the gems may be lost and not recovered, though, needless to say, such measures would not be resorted to now.
ized pretty frequently There is an | axiom that whatever one man can .
make another can break and the burg- | nankw-n, from the city uf ex[>ort.
Nankin, im shipped abroad. It 1»
" The soul of sympathy I And my pain, ray pain I" she moaned. " He does not care about that, and yet I love him so dearly. No wonder he is mo successful—who can help loving him hi he tries to please r to make himself attractive I And lam much a poor companion for him I lie is Intellectual; I am stupid; he is clever I am dull; he is everything; I am nothing I”
And then as she heard his voice calling her, she smothered her face and wont down to meet him with what his admirers called her ” inane smile.” She took his orders for the day. He must have lunch promptly at 1 o'clock hut she need make no arrangements for dinner that night as he was going to dine with the Clares.
Then the fashionable physician of Lennoxville stepped into his brougham and went to see his patients, each one of whom felt that his or her case | was the on«i that lay nearest the heart of " Dear .Mr. Hale.”
.
dropping mustache hid the outlines of
iars proved it over and over again It was always the same story—the I OQude from a peculiar yellow-staple doddering old watchman found bound I cotton, bene*: not dyed and gagged, tbe " burglar-proof * door tow-staple cotton is grown and manr-
That factored by Aroadians In Louisian».
No answer but a deprecating smile. * mouth whose curves denoted a sen-
The odor of liquor He was evident.
1 he same yel-
euous selfishness
TJie summer resident of the country village arose with an impatient sigh : waa upon his breath "1 fancy that husband must have *y a g°°d humor and laughed ns he had an i rgent ostl to the city to take **ted his wife if many patients had him away from his regular patienta in called during his absence, this way. Perhaps be went to assist	Harry, there must have been a
at an operation f He is kept busy, is dozen people here I” he not t"	“You saw them, of courseV"
The doctor’s wife caught at the ques- "Yes.” tiou eagerly: "Oh, Mrs. Clare, he is really very busy 1 Truly, he is sometimes on the go from morning to night. He is often worn out by evening.”
"That Is because ue Is a skillful physician,” was the affable answer as the caller swept her diaphanous robes from the house. Then she entered her carriage and bade her coachman "drive home I’* On her way to the spacious mansion which was her residence for nine months of the year she told her companion—a visitor from the metropolis— v\ hat a fine physician Dr. Hale
wide open and tbe safe empty
gradually brought about	an entire I but. the fabric	is so coarse it does	not
change in method and led	to the de- | compete with	the Chinese one.
velopment of the multiple watchman
system, which is undoubtedly the most | Chines** husband and' wife somethm# . perfect on earth. Briefly explained, it’s more than <lec<uitly. Underwear i* system of guards, watching the bank	un known-so is fitting n garment,
and watching each other,	and leav-	The only mes mires taken are from	the
continual record of their move- hip to th«* ground, and from the mid-
Five dollars a year will clothe a
The jewels belonging to the Czar
and his family are even more precious those of his eldest daughter the Grand Duchess Olga alone being valued at
4 000,000 r ubles. In the palace of St. ments on « time detectors* that can't Idle of the breast to the finger tip*.
Petersburg there is a strong room so ^ tampered with. Their rounds are Fashions do not change. Winter gar-
carefully built that it has before now ^ arranged that no man is ever free [ men ta and bedding are wadded with» withstood the attacks of clever
thieves. In it is stored a great quantity of treasure, and a special body of men 180 strong find employment
a
“And you made a good excuse, didn’t
you r
“I did my best, I think most of them thought you had been called to town to a case."
‘ Jolly little liar I" he laughed, pinching her pale cheek. * ‘Now give me something to eat, and I will tell you about the good time I have had. I met Gregg and his wife and sister by appointment, of course—and we had dinner,—! good one, too, with excell nt wines—then we went to the opera for a while, after which we took the ladies home, then Gregg and I had a drink together,—and then I came to my rural abode. Ah 1’ 'with a yawn, it’s a dog's life to live out of town 1”
After his supper he smoked for a while, then declared himself ready to go up-stairs. But his wife appeared nervously anxious to talk.
“ Mrs. Clare seemed rather annoyed at missing you, Harry. She said she had sent for you yesterday.”
4‘Ah I And you gave her to understand that an important engagement had taken me to town?”
Once a year they must be
from surveillance for more than ten cotton or fifteen minutes eta stretch, so if ripped apart and washed, padding and he was held 4 up or killed,’ or fell all.
asleep or dropped dead, or anything How needful is economy may be in guarding it. The majority of th»*>e	happened to put him out of ac- | judged from a few figures. V ^ktli-
are army officers and at their sal ir- 1
tion, the fact would be known before laborers are paid upon an average
any serious consequences could ensue. yc a day. Mason*, carpenters and
....	a .	..	del lhat ,bt* tK,sts are wel1 so11gbl :,f~ j The day has gone by when a gang of stone cutters, here as elsewhere the
On that wma August afternoon,, ter. But many of the Caar’s jewels	orooks 0HU orack a watchman over the	Lrietoorac,	of	labor,	get	from	25	to
wh.le the doctor was out. h,s wto are neither in St. Petersburg nor in	bead and tbtiQ tako lheir time about	30c	a day.	Work	begW	a,	son rise
went into town, without having told Russia, for he has lodged them in some	f(jrcing the vault
sutf.tLTSLM sr-i| ™-—-*~-
=¦:	i 're:,::' .,h;vr,.... ; - lt,	- - ¦—-
knew the dear old man would see her I at one ume very valuable, and includ-	ma(le by crobka in that line of busi-
when he read the little note she had ^ the ^tnest collection of dis mends
written before leaving home. He did extant
ies are excessively high it is no won*
and keeps up until dark. Not with-
MH« is only 40 years old, my dear, and so skillful 1 He came here from college, hung out his shingle, and as this place was not then a fashionable resort and there was no good physician in the neighborhood, he soon had a large practice. Now there are other doctors, and good ones, hers but he takes the lead, tie is the fad of ill the wealthy people who spend their summers here. He is handsome, clever and fascinating. He has made money
ble him to keep his brougham, a pair of fine horses and a Uyeried coachman. He is always well drwed and his manners are charming. I wish you could see Mm in a sick room.. He Is so tender and gentle. Then, too, we all pity him. His marriage is unfortunate. It is the old story of a college student 'caught young* by a doll face behind which there are no brains. He seldom mentions his wife, but when he does refer to her it is with great kindness. She is a little fool, I think, only fit to take care oi babies three of t
does not go anywhere with her husband, and, of course, he does nob entertain, since she- is not equal to it She simply stays at home and makes excuses for her husband’s absence it
1 the Chinese laborer
a
rj
ness are in country towns and re-
They were secured in the pal- mote rura| strict,, where uld meth- I TOO SHARP FOR HIM. see her and told her a s e wan e ^ ace at < onstant inuple, and were the g^ill prevail. That isn’t because Lawyer Smart—Good morning Mr. to know. But first he inquired if she property of the reigning Sultan. A they are any |esH cunning or desper- Gull. What can I do for you to-day I had any children. She answered that corp8 o{ Januaries was employed to ; #te than lbey used lo be, but simply i want to get your opinion on a mat--' they were all dead. Then be said that |ook after them, but despite this fact lie£WU8e tbey , erogn,;ze the folly of | ter of law.	J
hb would tell her the truth- for that, they were constantly being stolen, attempting to break through tbe cor- ' was what she begged for. As she left | though eventually recovered he laid a fatherly hand on her shoul-, |en^th they became such a source of '1er, and there were tears in his eyes. ; her and were the cause of %o many “It won’t be long, dear child, and
Yes.
My hens got into my neighbour " You must uut infer from anything I Brown’s yard and he poisoned them. I have said that up-to-date banks | What I want to know is, can I recover damages ?
Cert	It was malicious mis-
sia purchasing tbe majuiity of such as ^ wt nderful piece of mechanism and is I chief on his part, besides being a de-
„	as nearly perfect as human ingenu- | structum of your proper!).
am glad—and—thank you.’	Standing on the banks of the Danube it> can make it; brut the chiei reli-
Before she slept that night, Dr.. fhere ig a stronghold which contains anct. & pinned to the Jiving guard, who
Hale’s wife wrote him a letter. ^. the state jewels of Bulgaria. The cas- 1 beatH cold steel all to pieces. I ad- I my yard, and it was I who administer-told him that she loved him, that she tie—for that u what it practically mit that tbe system looks on the sur-knew how unfit intellectually she was; arn(Mints to—is inhabited solely by facCj ^ke a reversal to primitive prin-to be his wife, and that she was glad those whose only labor is to guard the c;pie3| but, really, it is only an appli-the end was near, as she was tired— stones, valued at half a million ster- oalion of common sense. ' through and through. But he must re- ^ng Though the work is light, the member that she loved him. She knew responsibility is great, for were thieves
successful in breaking into the cas-
At
don of open human eyes
" Yes, I imagine she thought it was an operation of some kind.”
” Good 1 There is nothing the matter with her anyway. Only a bad attack of the " hypo.’ But come, let's go to bed ! I am tired, if you are not !”
" But I am Harry I 1 am dead tired 1”
The wife’s voice was tremulous ; her husband looked at her curiously, then laughed.
" What do you ever do to make you tired?” he queried, jestingly. " You never go anywhere, you never read or
plots that the Sultan decided to part have a|,unowned bolts and bars the end will be easy. And over there with ^^e of them, which bo did, Bus are the babies—and rest 1”
" Yes, I know,” she said simply. “I
On
the contrary the modern vault is a
were sold
Thanks. But hold I I stated that
It was Brown’s hens got into
wrong
ed the poison.
Ah, yes ; I see. That puts a different color upon the transaction, and it is clear that he. in the person of his hens, was the trespasser, whereas in leaving the poison on your premises you were quite unaware that his fowls would eat it. It was purely an accident, as far as you were concerned.
Thanks. How much #
Thirteen and fourpence.
Why, that’s just twice what you asked for a legal opinion the other
She has lost all she ever had. She
study, but just do your own sewing, | Q0W tbut his lj(e would be a SUcceM and keep house with the aid of an a ble bodied woman servant, and an
CHINESE POOR FOLKS.
And that waa what
tie and plundering the officials would and all be shot, a law which,
in every way she wanted it to be. “ For, again, dear,” she wrote, " and over and over

The Pro|»#*rilou I» a Tlioueund lo Ont* In lb«* Flewery hl»a«lam-1leii Work for 7 Oui* « liny.
A rich Chinaman wears silk, a poor one cotton. Since the proportion of rich to poor is about one in a thousand. it follows that the growth and | day manufacture of cotton are vital neces-It is thought cotton culture was begun in the thirteenth century, the plant coming in from India, where it has been known for 2000 years
one
though strict, is largely instrumental in preventing treachery on the part of the guardians.
' [easional lift with the heavy work from my man. What more do you want ?" But the wife was not to he put off.

again, I love you 1”
This letter she sealed and marked Harry, juet let me speak the truth I to be opened aUer her death, then
Co you, dear I The hardest work I have pUj a lu a conspicuous place in her
to do is to make false excuses for desk_ i’his done, this commonplace you. Do you know it sometimes hurt. wuman sat üown as usual to wait for
my conscience? And people seem so | her hugi,and.3 return from the Clares, vexed when I cannot tell them where
he happens to be out when he i*[„ wanted. And she can never tell jûat where he is, she does not know enough for that
The late King of Italy’s jewels are not only guarded by his own keepers, but by the River Tiber. They are secured in an underground strong room, bounded on two sides by the river, so that if thieves contemplated boring through the foundation to reach the booty they would have to work under water.
She baa no style. Once she had a pretty face ; now even her beauty is gone. I must ask Dr. Hale to the house to dinner while you are here. You will find him fascinating
I know it ; but you see 1 have given you two opinions to-day.
si ties
where he was dining. He did not like
you are I 1 am tired of playing ,i|t)|jler g0 bed i^fore he came in my dear.” *	fool and of being untruthful when-1 ^ night. He always insisted that it
And then, as the carriage turned evei *'tMI	^or a ^ood	Yes, depressed him to find the house
I am tired out—and—Harry, I am not
SUNSHINE IN THE DAIRY
In
spite of her unequaled agriculture, For the destruction of disease China does not raise cotton for ex- germs, microbee, the purification of port—nor, in fact, enough for her houses, stables and barns, the en-own needs. In the growth and manu- oouragemecit of plant growth and ad-facture of it, as in everything else, vancement of nearly all form* of life, the aim is not to save hand labor, the sun, in its varying degrees of in-i but to use as much of it as possible, tensity of beat, stands above all the There are no power-gins for taking Inventions and devices of man. It, out the seed. Instead, the Chinese use 1* the sun, more thin any other force, the little band-gins very like those that Influences the growth of plants, •till to be found iu the homespun re- their aromatic oils, the color of their g ions of the Appalachian chain. The flowers and tha quality and color of gin is nothing more than a couple of their fruit. That it has equal force email wooden rollers made fast in up- on the spirits and health of man is rights affixed to a bench. They are well known. It is the most potent turned by a wooden crank, revolve germicide. But few if any diseases against the other and free the can spread In its presence. Be ne flint ciil to useful plants, it is destructive
as molds, fungi The dairyman is one
gloomy and silent, and a physician’s
life had too much gloom in it outside priceless value collected by his of his home for him to be willing to cestors. They are guarded at Teheran by officials who know that if a single stone is missing they 1 hemselves will be " gatched,”—or, in other words
into the drive leading to her stately abode she dropped the subject of the fascinating physician and his nonentity of a wife
The Shah of Persia possesses gems
an-
well I”
* 'Not well ? Why, what do you fancy you have the matter with you ?”
" It is not fancy.- The wife was
find it there.
It was October before the pain com-growing bolder, or more excited. 'I leled its work, and Dr. Uale read
have a pain here,”—laying her hand
on her left breast,—‘ and I have had
it for months. It gets steadily worse,
but I have not complained to you for
I know how much of that kind of
thing you have outside—and I want
to spare you when you are at home.
But now you must tell me what it
Half a dosen hours later when Mrs.
Clare’s French maid was getting her mistress ready for bed, the doctor’s wife was still waiting her husband’s return from town. He had gone to the city on the 5o’clock train and during his absence his pale wife bad made excuses to the many callers who wished to see him. It was not enough that the maij in cap and apron should at- | n tend the door and say that her master 1S was not at home
ed to see Mrs. Hale personally and ask her when she expected her husband back. The dweller in cities may find ,*or
this habit of the country town inex- , of yourself, child, it is not health- Wh it’s	the difference	between
plicable, but it is nune the less the VuL Guard aguinst morbid hysterical	wages and	salary?
custom to the universality of which fancies. I hate them! As foi making if a man	is working	t<n	$-»	«	1	=
the long suffering wife of the rural excuses for me, that is the business of	running
a physician’s wife. Ytou have always ssgn it and will always I may be a physician, but, a
his wife’s letter. When Mrs. Clare slowly tortured to death. The late heard the news she wrote a note full shah was very superstitious about the of sympathy to the husband, then con- emerald he wore in bis belt, which fided to her friends that while this ' has been acknowledged to be the fin-bereavement would be a shock to the e*t in the world, and, rather than doctor at first, a man of his ability i run the r'sk of having it stolen, he would be more of a success if untram- always slept with it under his couch, meled by a weak and brainless wife, knowing it was impossible for a marauder to come near him.
" I suppose it Is dyspepsia,” was the light reply. ' Remind me of it in the morning and 1 will give you some-
And don’t think »o much
Every caller wiah-
one
cotton of seed by drawing lb
EASILY EXPLAINED
NECESSITY OF COVER DURING
SLEEP.
The object is simply this: Nature takes the time when one is lying down to give the heart rest, and that organ consequently makes ten strokes less a minute than when one is in an upright pasture. Multiply that by sixty minutes and it is six hundred
it rokNBlHHHPHHiM
spent in lying down, tbe heart is saved nearly five thousand strokes, and the heart pumps six ounces of blood with each stroke, it lifts thirty thousand ounces less of blood in a night of eight hours spent in bed than when one is In an upright posi-As the blood flows so much slowly through the veins when is lying down, one must supply then with extra coverings the warmth usually furnished by circulation.
Pa
through the narrow space between, to injurious onee,
The lint is fed to them by band and and bacteria it takes a long and steady day’s work of the chief beneficiaries of sunshine,
five pounds of lint—which since it expunges his dairy utensils,
Well ?

to gin
means twenty pounds of cotion in | destroys the germs in the cow lot
and enables him to combat infecti-
i ichine of some kind, or
the seed
The cotton is carded simultaneously I ous diseases
A Second man its wank if given admission into the
something else
The sun will perform!
lying brick that makes a white collar and cuffs
practitioner will groaningly attest
To all visitors Mrs. Hale waa this done afternoon, as usual, the smiling, af- have to fable nonentity, who apparently knew , I am not the slave of my patients,
little of her husband’s business, and and I must run off to the city or yet who tried very hard to be agree- . elsewhere occasionally for recreation ;
with ' and since my patients would not en-


with ‘ the ginning
stands at the end of the bench beat ing marshes, full barns, cellars, stables the clean cotton with the tee-kung. and houses
Do
loadable be gets wages you understand what I mean ?
Yes, air.
But if he sits at a desk' and uses a pen and gets $11 a week and (has soft hands ha receive» a salary you see the difference?

Therefore in eight hours
In all buildings there should be plenty of windows.
or earth bow, into big flaky ’ bats ’ These bats the woman spin In various
¦ ble
such
thought the baffled questioners. And you must invent some excuse that
j they will take without a grimace. And now, as I before remarked, I am going to bed. I have a busy day
maid-of-all-work ahead of me to-morrow with my office calls the first part of tbe morn-
One could not be angry a fragile, mothlike creature, joy that explanation of my absence.
Sometimes they use the old-
Much
waye
fashioned spinning wheel.
Now do
A SYLLABIC CRITICISM
oftener it is some thing approximating the ancient distaff. The spinner | verses erotic? twirls it steadily, walking around and around as she twirls, thus winding the lengthening threads into very long
hanks. If it i» epun and run into | —that is the second syllabi* of that broaches or qu411»t they are often reel- I word describes them.
Mr. Jingle—D* you consider my
yet—poor Dr. Hale!
A KIPLING SLUMP.
A slump in early Kipling» has been noted at recent London auction sales. The "Schoolboy Lyric»,” which a couple of year» ago brought $650,, ha» been »okl recently for $16.25.
Her supper that night consisted of bread and butter and a cup of tea.
Miss Gabby—About one-third.
Mr. Jingle—I don’t understand you
Lon
more
Th	good na t u red
would have cooked something for her
Miss Gabby—They are partly erotic.
one
not ’ ing, visits later, an operation at 11.80 ' and visits for the remainder of the
mistress, but Mrs. Hale was hungry. Martha must always look neat

###PAGE###8###
&

r
Great Sale !
U KNOW U
WANT A FALL SUIT.
Follow the Crowd to
STEWART’S Boot and Shoe Store.
Ladies
Jackets
1
Why wait until the rush is on ? See our new Fall Suitings. They are the latest out, and we give them a finishing touch that cannot help but please.
Place your fall order now with us.
9
Great reduction in Prices during
the month of September.
I
WE HAVE RECEIVED OUR FIRST LOT OF
Ladies’ Fall Jackets
Latest
Styles ^cand Fashionable
Shades .
Black, Fawn, Navy, Green, Etc.
PRICES RANGING FROM $2.50 to $8.00.
All Spring and Summer Goods must go to make
room for Fall and Winter Goods.
? f
A. R. IflcCUIRE,

THE TAILOR.
9
Opposite Pontiac House,
SHAWVILLE, -
GLUE.
respective Councils for an expression of opinion.
BUirmore, Alta., Sept. 9, 1900. I A petition from Patrick Gillen and nix-
mmÈËÊrn
tAjnH	&	petitioners be granted, and that Mr.
The country is well timbered and the J<*" Duff, Maryland jwet office, be ap mountain, are full of veal of splendid 1-mted a special superintendent with in quality. In fact as I write this a mine is etrucUc*. to examine said road and draw being opened up a few miles to the cast "P » procès-verbal apportioning the cost of this place by Ottawa men. Times are ' * ".akmK and keeping in repair the said
very good here, and men are few and far 1 tamed between, and 1 often wonder why our The question of arrears for maintop
csn'i’oakeg^inoney LtTerl'""	andl'harles Wreminiere, was taken np
Senator McLaren, of Perth, has two -*nd after considerable discussion the Sec mills out here and is doing » large retary-Treasurer was authorised to take business. Wages run from #30.00 ,ier immediate pnmeeding. against the rela-month and board, and upwards. There tive. for the recovery of the amount due. is a hotel here, which is largely patronix- 0eo Hynes, hs<p, may or of • haw ' 'Heed as a health resort, on account of the j entered tne hall and took his seat at the
sulphur springs which arc here^	Kennedy, seconded by Mayor
M. Craig. Mooney, moves, that this Council do now
I adjourn.	Wm. G. LeRoy.
Sec.-Treasurer
The Crow e Nest Country
Spring
Season
• • 9
I
r
4
Ottawa & Gatineau R’y
Be and see them.
and
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of MILE PAILS MILE PANS BREAD PANS, DISHES of all Kinds
Pontiac Pacific Junction
RAILWAY.
CENTRAL CANADA EXHIBITION.
I
Ottawa, Ont.
9
E. HODGINS & SON.
9
saw
o
On Sills First Class Fare
ALSO A FULL LINE OF
AGATEWARE
for Round Trip
from all Stations, good going from the 14th of Sept, to the 22nd, inclusive.
an inspection of which is invited.
4
Stoves.
County Council
GRBBRMOUNT

Province of (juehec,
pality of the Corporation of the First Division of County Pontiac.
The balance of our stock of Stoves to be cleared out at reduced figures.
The crop Is all In since two weeks and the threshing is going ou rapidly.
M unici
Mr. and Mrs. Frederick Schwarts are In happily possession of a son and heir.
Roofing Contracts taken Jt’S 21 Decided KRCt
and estimates furnished. I
That our new Mill is giving the public entire satisfaction.
Minutes of proceedings of general quar
, ,	, ,, Mim Kmily Judd, who was In the Hoeplt-
tvrly session of the Municipal ( ouncil of ] a! at Ottawa has returned, home and we are
the Corporation of the First Division of glad to say is doing well.
the County <>f Pontiac, held at the Conn , cil hall m the village of Bryson, on Wed-	weere "orryto '» very low J ,el
nesday, the twelfth day of the month of °°	^	.	, . .	,,
¦September, 1900, at the hour of ten m | the forenoon, at which meeting were present the warden, G. H. Brabazon, and the following County Councillors, viz
P, W. RESSEMAN,
G. E. WAINMAN
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
Mr. Robert Somerville who has been ill nil
J
*
L
Shawville
O
y w-
*
Quality of Wheat Up-to-date Machinery Competent Millers
Are drawing the trade our way. All leading bakers of Pon-
tiac arc using our Flour. The farmers get same quality in exchange.
including I For sale at all times : FLOUR, FEED & MEALS.
St Stephen's Church Tower is nearing com pleltou. The stone work was done by Messrs Findlay oi Ahawvllle and the rooting by
Michael Haves, Esq., mayor of the united I carpentry u‘needed^lheu	wIlT be
townships of Sheen, Esher, Malakolfand | hoisted and we will be glad to hear the peels Aberdeen*
Michael Dunn, Esq., mayor of the town ship of Chichester.
Pierre I*arivterre. Esq., mayor of the town ship of Allumette Island.
Bam ford
: Hides
P. S—Top price for and Pelts.
/
the
1 ‘

over the hills.
Master James Lummis has returned to the Academy.
Mrs John Hodglns met with a sad accident which will disable her from her household
TIME CARD
In Effect JULY 2, 1900.
EASTERN DIVISION. Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.

ufactures were displayed to better ad vantage than usual.
The horticultural exhibit,
rcotfl and vegetables <*f all kinds, was
certainly first-class, and furnished con-1 HIGHEST MARKET PRICE RAID IN CASH FOR WHEAT, vincing evidence that the present is indeed a bountiful year. In grain there were not so many samples as last y eat, a fact that was due to a number of farmers not having yet thresh*d.
The centre division of the hall was occupied on one side with a display of sew ing machines and instruments, and on the other side by an array of stoves of different kinds. Alongside, one of the celebrated Alpha de Laval Cream Separators occupied a space, and it may he briefly noted that very many were interested in the working of this labor-saving apparatus.
< >n the ground Hat also was an exhibit of harness, and a display of doors, the product of the Shawville Sash & Door fac-
81 H Esq., raavor OJ the united | duties for a while townships of Mansfield and Pontefract.
Bernard J. Sloan, Esq., mayor of the township of Litchfield.
F. E. Lasallv, K>q., mayor of the township of Calumet Island.
Ed. Graham, Esq., mayor of the township of Bristol.
Wm. Mooney, Esq., mayor of the municipality of North Onslow.
XX m. Lacey, Esq., mayor of the village	of I were in excellent spirits on Tuesday even-
t hapeau.	, ,	...	! ing, which marked the close of the 44th
Hi\ Noif'vlU lt'' n ,l*x< r uf 1 M* x ll ,lgv	°*I annual exhibition of the Society and one
119.00 A.M , Limited, arrives Montreal 11 20 a.in.. I David Moore, Esc,., mayor of the united | of the most successful yet recorded. The . makingeloeeeoimections with I. c Ry. Maritime townships of Leslie, Clapham and Hud- ! weather could scarcely have been more
Sm?	dendkkf	I suitable fur the pur,.uses of an exhibition,
1'S.Oe A.M. Sundays only—19tops at intermediate forming a quorum under the presidency if the genius who presides over that elevations. Arrive# Montreal il.ou a.m. Pullman uf Mr. Warden.	| ment of our terrestrial economy had or-
rtri.tr Luruttac tied.	The minutes of last session were read de red it specially for the occasion ; and
"*•2®.. *Jitr«T«‘to Æ' PuïimruT2r°”!I; h*H<l adopted on motion of mayor M this most essential condition of things nit ached. Connects with trains for Portland and Hayes, seconded by mayor NX in. Moon- contributed no doubt in a great measure alt points east of Montreal. For Valleylield and ey-	*	to the success of the event. As the day
il:«ans11 Burlington, etc! SAnivTng'Bostcm Too a! A letter from Mr. Wm. Henry Hod- ! wore on towards noon it became evident
m New York 7l20a.m. Has through Buffet Sleep- mn8 setting forth that he has no property that the big fair in progress at Ottawa did,	,
....fezisss s==a=
5» ts.	I	* «ht	Ii«v. I«n	ÏS*2i
c«ii&«s^5rttts2: tssxs&sisz, %r3r. teX'&sr.d treti —*•»
¦Ssssks a;;::	j œsti? MS &=%%%%%
and point* west. Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving dent to examine the water course and veniently arranged, so that this class of ^	,	, 1	^	.
Montreal it ».!.>, r.m.	draw up a proces-verbal, &c„ was read	exhibits-which is annually increasing	*I»c»ous showing, and there was also a
1	anMrttlD^,ers bîmg prient, by permis-	I show ing'ihlm'LIl and could l',^ inspect	^ ArnprLAandboy^ who discours-
Pullman Parlor Car atta-ired.	sion of the warden, addressed the Couu-	ed with greater facility.	*“ a select of «>uaic during the
flic.15 P; M. Limited-From Montres! leaving at Cl\ jn support of his petition. He claim-	On the whole the exhibition may have	lif^no«n,wthTlie to ex|Jleh? tho!^t^auk8
Middle and Western Divisions. IÇ—y-	; I	Sif
Mayor Larivierre said that the Council the chief improvements noticeable were «pecUiUjra.
Ifl	|	'in young stock, which is evidence that a A full list of the successful competitors
letter class of animals is being bred. The will appear in our next issue.
cattle exhibit contained some	very tine	ftK^!ie.5eCel^.î^ f	ani°untetl	to
animals notably in Durham#, which	^L4o or within	of the best day	in
from their greater size and better condi- ^he Society a history, lion, attracted more interest than the , The day s proceedings were fittingly other breeds, which, however,	were all	closed with a grand	concert in Elliotts
fairly represented.	hall ‘-ythe Workman	family, assisted	by
Sheep and hogs included among them some Ottawa talent, some animals of superior breeding, indicating that this class of stock is receiving due attention at our farmers' hands.
The exhibit of conveyances of all kinds was good, while that of implements and
machinery was not so large as we have A field convenient to Shawville to hold seen it.	our plowing match on the 18th of Octo-
The large hall this year was devoted her. The party who can do so will please exclusively to exhibition purposes, and communicate with any of the directors at hence the varied farm products and man- once.
Ed
OUR FAIR
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
Fine Weather, a Large Crowd and a Successful Exhibition.
LIMITED TRAINS 2 HOURS. 20 MINUTES
The directorate of Ag. Soc y No. 1
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:—
a 6.10 A, M. - Local—Stop* at all intermediate sta Arrives Montreal 9.50 a.m. Rockland
Furniture I
turns
Bran, h, Hawkwbnry Blanch, Valley Held. nn< « ts | p, < at Coteau J unction, for Cornwall and points west
V
Furniture I
toi
iy.
The ladies, as usual, had an excellent
Look out for the New Things !
Our Spring Line of Furniture is out of sight 1
Would you like to see it ? If so drop in and inspect stock.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Cenar.il Depot : nll.3C A.M. Local -from Boston, New York, New
In Parlor Suites
Frame are New Coverings are New Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
What’s the use of making a stump speech every time you try to sell a
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Dally, eirwpt Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
8 15 A. M I or A : sprier. Renfrew. Eganvi',1. TYru
broke, Barry's Bay, Whitney. Canoe Lake, Parry I «.f Allumette Island would Send on A sue-Sound and int.mredl.t, ,Kdnta.	I cial «upevintCntUnt this fall with lOTtlm-
lions to examine the drain and apportion the work to be dona, which promise is satisfactory to the petitioner, Mr. De-
Bedroom Suite,
Spring Mattress, Wool Mattress Parlor Table,
Hall Rack, or Lounge ?
Show the products of the best manufacturers,—they do their own talking.
Sideboard,
Extension Table, Dining-room Chair, Kitchen Table, Kitchen Chair, Bedstead,
4.40 P M. F«>r Amp,lor. Renfrew, Eganville, Pem broke, Madawaska and intermediate stations.
LOOP. M; Mixed Train f ir Arnnrior, Renfrew Eganville, Madawaekaoud intermediate stations.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :
11.10 A. M. From Madawaska, Pembroke, Kgan ville. Renfrew. Arnprior and intermediate points.
6.66 P. M From Parry Sound, Eganville, Ren frew, Arnprior and intermediate points.
2.50 P M. Mixed Trains from Madawaska, Egan ville, Renfrew, Arnprior and intermediate stations
a-Trains r inning daily except Sunday, b—Sunday only.
I
mer*
W. H. Meredith, Esq., mayor of Quy-on, and Dennis Kennedy, Esq., mayor of South Onslow, entered the hall and took their seats at the board.
A letter from Mr. John Crawford, of Ottawa, offering to sell a stone crusher to the Council was read. Mr. Crawford be ing present was asked by the warden to address the Council. He offers the Austin crusher No. 3, for 81000.00 delivered at Ottawa. The matter was deferred to next session of Council that the mayors may bring the matter before their
1
WANTED
CUTHBERTSON, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT,
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot, Ml House Block.
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
Tickets to Europe end all parts of the world by all American and Canadian steamship lines also Cook's lours.

;
X
-


