###PAGE###1###







No. iil
lOrii Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, NOV. 14, 1901.
locals that pay
01.00 a Year
in Advance.
BANK OF OTTAWA
LOCALS THAT PAY
)
If you want photos taken of your clill flrcn I advise you to take tfu the day. I can give you belt tlon.
Read
lftrgoriK
f
Heed Otfw; .. ,, Uaplfttl Ktilia, rib# «l I | aid i)>
Hi'it
Ter for en-il. Ivil'oN.’
Tickets to nil parts t ion cheerfully I way and Tick-

OTTAWA, CANADA
........$1,!>04»0
........ Uh'iUMO
riv
I HUtiHf
II. IMIS»
OF CANADA.
fjeady-to-Wear Clothing.
1
f
Dr. S
Hoard of Directors :
GEOEor. Hay, **q.fv'ioe-Prelident.'	j CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000.
FOND, - 2,600,000.
(» Martin, Dentist, Ottawa, will he at Quvou on November 15th mid hit i ; Shaw vilh* on If th ; Portage du Fort lüth ; Brvson iMh ; Cara poll’s Day 21-t : r oi t (>oulonge *2nd. Kindly come corly.
Holidays arc close at band. 1 ad y ! ho chv’L'in you to place your orders for photon early I and avoid rush.	H. Jmjhon. I
SPECIAL OFFER FOR ENLARGEMENTS this month only.
I will give you otic Crayon i nlargcment beautifully framed, and I d Cabinet .
Money loaned on approved security al ! Bhottwfor S5.00. Bring any picture you |' mu?vS « regular session of the reasonable rates.	I desire copied. If you want the enlarge' ! ,l" 1 Council of the Municipality
ment alone the cost is $3.50, framed , Ninwy,]jV| held on Monday, the 4th complete. 8 tuples of work will be da}’ °* November, 1901.
Afoney transferred to all	parte	of the world.	| found at gallery, and if your	pictures are , rrwviit : Mr. Mayor John A. Cowan ;
H Wivna n	,	not fou«« the same as we represent, I Comtcillors, John Hynes, G. Fred Hod
am permanent among you, and w ill glad-	\	^ldvs and Arthur Smiley.
Accounts opened for amounts	of	one	do!-1 ty refund you youi money.	All work | , $,y Court. Fades, seconded by
gii'U'.iut' and competition	lyou{,‘ “>‘ne8» minutes of last
Pontiac’s leading Vhotogph'r, 11. Imison. | In« ,e ;v lop ted — Carried.
of tht given ct. Al
I
Studio, Pontiac House, with any in the ivh. a trial sol-If. Imison.
i
11(11
GEORGFBURN 1). M. FINN IE
Head Office, ¦ Montreal.

General Many#
.. .. Manager

Branche#! IN ONTARIO Keewttin, Kempt ville,
Mtttawa,
Ottawa,
SHAWVILLE COUNCIL
We have had gratifying success with our Ladies’ Jackets this season. Our stock is still quite well assorted, having lately received a third consignment. Every garment we offer is the best of its kind, made of first-class material, in latest style and finished by skilled workmen. We keep none of the foreign slop work, and you don’t
have to make over our Coats. They are all ready-to wear.
SHAWVILLE KRAXCII,
Alexandria. Am prior, Avonmore, Biacebrtdge
Csrleton
Lanark,
Parry bound, Pe in broke, Hat Portage, Winchester, do Rank 8t. Renfrew do Hideau St. Toronto. Vaoklcek Hill, Smith's Falls. IN MANITOBA :
do
Farmers notes bought aud collected
Place,
Hawkeabury,
Dauphin,
Winnipeg,
Fortage La Prairie IN QUEBEC:
Hull,
Shswlnigan falls
Acf'nta In Canada, New York and Chicaco-Bank of Montreal.
Agents In St. Paul Merchants Not Buyk:
Agente in London, Kng.-lWa Bank Ltd.
larn and upward* aud Interest allowed
Montreal
Ltehntf
Okkick Hours Saturdays .
10 A M. TO 3 P.M. 10 A M. TO 1 P M.
F. A. PAHKF.H
----------- ,	___ .	. Coun. Eades, seconded by
Jersey herd may win a third prize for Moved by ti un. Hynes, seconded by most bu ter.	Conn. Smiley, that the Shawville Milling
Application has been made to tho	f<°: ,e	$~>-70, the amount of their
. Gdehec government for a tract of land in	1>l]1 ful*	furnished the corporation.
Mr. H. Hobbs, Ottawa, was in town Lake St. John district, whereon to oh-	"oved	]>y Coun. Smiley, reconded by II
last week.	I tabllsh a colody of Finns.	Gout). Fades, that the bill of Mr. Wm *
The schooner John C.bol has recently	preparing the Water Works
been found bottom up off Burnt Island h^,aw including work done by Actuary,
Newfoundland. A11 hands on board, in- a,,lfUiri?V° f"2 00»	paid.—Carried.
.	eluding Father O’llegan, a missionary,are K ”uVl-d	hy	Conn Hodgins, seconded
l nless vain comes before winter sets believed to have perished.	oy v-uun. Hynes,'that a By-law be passed
in. scarcely of water is predicted this | ¦¦¦¦i*™*™*™**^^**™*» , ing n tax at the rate of two and a half
I '<" *1-, "»T„ -oM
Ren-1 ,vcry suddenly and _ unexpectedly to the The By law was then read a first, ie-
Monday Icond and third time short, and passed.
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Mr. YV. J. Starke made a very large shipment of lambs hero list week
Monday was another busy day at the hay scales, or rather hoc scales. Mr.
Sullivan was buying on that date, and farmers from all quarters were in town.
Quyon Council has passed a by-law requiring vaccination of all employees in industrial establishments and children attending public schools.
Mr. II. II. Elliott lias begun the erect- | vv,1 /*OVe ^ Bev. YY ion of two dwelling houses on his Jo
r^SiWi .K. I « SKZ- I m ra, srAM*» ««•	f„.
SSir1'*»	1	Mr	CU.,.CL.^e3toÛS565;	N...7-T,. liro
I Char ter is neighborhood, had one of his	afternoon with severe vomiting, whicli	w e.re	a,iC* four buildings destroyed	by
Mr. Win. Hudgins,	who has handled	arms badly lacerated l>v the dichargcof a	gave place to other alarming conditions	* hre	which 8larted in the Klondyke
a large number of hogs	during the season	gun o » Monday. Dr. McKinley attended	which finally culminated in heart-failure	rheatrcat Burley, Wie., yeeterday
now closed, made the	biggest shipment	to the boy’s injuries.	on the following morning Drs Klock	T,iC	dead w- Cleveland/ H.	P.
of the year from this station last week. The first real cold snap of the season if Alexander held a consultation on y	L*?lài”' °^rf Beit,
!n conse<|uence of the high prices pro- «et in on Saturday last and continued till r	d d whar ^ey could to re * * , ‘°J’ m.' J *yan, F. L. Gay,
ducersare asking for cord wood this sea- Monday noon, when the weather became ,evet^° !llt^ sufferer, but all eff rts to ' 1 '/p,	).• zan“Pl ^arry Bty-
san, the Shaw ville Milling Co. have com more moderate.	Mta>the lcZhand of death proved un-	% '	T . u j
rÆC trs:	“l'Sir'
December, otherwise they will be col- at Cache Bay m the employ of Booth &
Mrs. David Wilson, who attended Mrs.	lected by law. Wecan’t afford to wait any	Goidon. A telegram, conveying the sad
W. B Crawford of this place, during her	longer. This not ce applies to everyone	into ligence, was despatched to him
recent illness from typhoid fever, is now who owes us from one dollar up.	mediately after the child ,
prostrated with that disease at her home, Mr. Lem. Heaven, who for a number ,etter froni Mr. McCagg the Gloucester street, Ottawa.	of year past has been in the employ of	mg stated that he had left Cache Bay
A shooting match took place at Cole’s	Mwm:) and Sons, Ottawa, and who also	f,/r another place about 10 miles from I Prompt	Settlement	Life	Insurance.
Creek on the Fifth for a silver cup, which	.wus *dh “ D battery in South Africa,	Chelmsford. This necessitated another	The	follow ing letter speaks for itself
was won by Mr. J. M.Hudgins with one	haa come ^ Clarendon to reside, settling	telegram, which it was hoped would
shot, it being the only “bnllseye” made	°n A pToperiy situated on the 13th range,	rc^v “ll11 fl01,ietiinc on Tuesday,
during the day	acquired by him some lime ago.	The sympathies of the entire comma-
I «<¦* isss I D~tt °f ***
A branch of the Btnk of Ottawa has been opened at Cubden, Ont., with Mr. C. B. Graham as local manager.
FOR MEN :
Our Overcoats and Fur Jackets are worthy your inspection, all good, honest goods, sold at very close prices. They make you look smart and prosperous.
full
Makkiei-.—At Westmeath, C
r. Knox, of home of Mrs. C. McCagg
hisT.t I Benchlmrg, Mr. Peter S. McLaren of evening, through the untimely death Westmeath, to Miss Jessie M. Proudham her eldest child, Bertie
well with thé Illf Nvls,,n c,>- Helton, Ont.	|
on Picka
un
OIL TAN MOCCASINS :
The largest stock in town—all No. 1, guaranteed. We auk you to look them over before buying.
The almost complete fossil remains of an immense brontosaur, a very rare specimen, has teen found io a southern Wyoming field.
ini
expired, but a same even-
Shawville, Nov. 5th., 1V0I
MR. C. S. TAGGART
j.
SHAW.
District Manager,
Northern Life Assurance Co

Ottawa.
Dear Sir
1 **8 toacknowledge the receipt of the I sum of five hundred dollars, being the D Q '	amount of insurance held in your Com- '	•
lowed to kill more than two deer in one of offices in the county. The remainder of Uwa’ on W ednesday night, the (ith necessary forms, season, without a special permit. Jiulg- the building has been neatly and C( m- ^9^' typhoid fever and other com- * Gust t,hat both the Northern Life As-
ISî'ÆSïtiSt	h"‘- - tear £Z.‘-sr„-zjsz sraS5--
fall, there must be a lot of those permits m, ,	4.	...	.	the hospital about two weeks previous to	—
issued this fail, oi the law is being no- i,ho?? attended the shooting match his death by Mr. A. Smiley, (with whom toriously ignored.	at E. U. Mee i on the 5th, speak in he had been employed for the past two
psifepü
Davo and Bob arc reported to have be scarcely possible for John to es- *ndHJr the remains were tak- n for burial run up against it hard while on the way cape the expected, for the girls are cast- to ^obden, where the deceased's brother, to P. D. Fort one evening last week, ing covetous eyes towards that house, so Robert resides. On that occasion Dr.
Result : A somewhat badly demoralized says Louie, who observes things rather | W'on, Messrs. J H. Shaw, John Smith, outfit, sundry soiled and tattered gar- closely.	5	P. Wilton and A. Smijey, were presen‘
ments, and worse than all, two appoint-	Us the representatives of Pontiac Lodge,
ments that were not kept ! Next time Three shots and three turkeys is the A. F. and A M , of which body the de-tho hoys have on hand an expedition of i [Seoul which F. A. Parker brought home | erased had long been a member. Mr, W. tlie kind they should, if possible, ar from the shoot at Ed. Moe’s on Tuesday ! B. \oung was also present. Tho above range it to have the advantage of moon- M R was simply a little group of Masons with Bro. Delehay, of Cobden, light ; or, in case of extreme urgency, three hullseyes ofl hand at 100 yards, a<?ted as pall-bearers, thus fulfilling a they might commandeer Artie Smiley's | ai]d * A, leit the grounds well satisfied I ^xial obligation to a departed brother, lantern.	[ with the result. I*:e KgriTY has to Tho late Thomas Boyle, from bis long j
thank him for a “share of the bag.” residence here was known to everybody The new Portage du Fort bridge open	in the community, aud in fact tho sur
ed for traffic last week, thus closing the	r, ™ “he Horner, of Green Lake rounding country, and we believe in all
S*P which has existed for the last three “®«h^hood, and .Miss Ada seco.nl that wids circle * of «c.iiminUnccsh.j., it years between our neighors of the Fort daughter of Mr. George! e ford of Claren- would be difficult to find anyone who
EB£B EbSE £3£E £ f S? fc|S3SS£*£fSSS	"" *
take p’ace later on and will be marked [j lelford, sis^ei of tie bn do, and Mr. j fered for a good many years rm\ caused by the holding of a banquet at which Hugh Horner, performed, the rule of an interest m him that was truly stm-Hon. .Mr. Tarte, Messrs. Murray, Mac- bridesmaid and best mail respectively I pathetic. The deceased was ono of the kie and others aru likely to bo tho dis- l he b-idal p i ty were received at the veterans who served his c un ry lurinu
11 II
was decided to posh>one the ma*ch till	Martin, Haivoy Sparling, Millie Me-	g
next Satuixlay. Considering the very	N ally, Joe Turcotte, Jamie Howard,
unfavorable weather, some very good	Aggregate ^tendance 441. Average
scores were made, including a few sur-	attendance -7. Number registered *20.
pria».	I	N. Rita Mel tyre, Teacher.
Blankets, Rugs, Robes.
tien. Parties interested are requested to keep the date in mind.
Sincerely yours Jane Fin nig an
IF
A strong Canadian Company with the most liberal policies and the most mod orate rates insure in the Northern Life Assurance Co. Do not put on any insurance before seeing what are prepared to give you.
J
YOU

WANT
HONOR
we
C. S. TAGGART, District Manager,
Ottawa. Ont.
t
l
1
WINS. I
SALE OF
kElS
MILLINERY STOCK
X
if
ü
-AT
fflrs. McWilliams’
Shawville.
to commence on Nov. 15th and to continue till Dec. 15th.
It would be just as fatal to put what
we thought best into the prescription your
physician gave you as to try to sell you some remedy other than the one you ask
for. We do not substitute one thing for another. We would tell you if you asked which we thought was best, but we carryall leading remedies, and sell you what you desire.
Goods will he disposed of in hulk or by
private sale.
In addition to stock will also be sold HAT STANDS, LAMPS, I JEWELL WOOD STOVE and SINGER SEWING MACHINE-
tinguished guests

CHINESE LAW DRY,
THE DRUG STORE.
Next door to Miss A. McRae's,
Main Street, - Shawville-
L
e Over 100 natives were hanged in the | Philippines for murder up to June30thby , tho mi itsry commission.
i
Laundry work of all kinds done in first class style.




i











###PAGE###2###





SLUES CARRIED WITH YOU IN MERRY OLD ENOLAND
THE RAVAHES OF INSECTS
WHAT ANARCHISTS COST.
Africa, and Central America would long ago havo become absolutely inv passable, owing to
THE HUGE ACCUMULATION
of fallen timber, were It not fur various kinds of ants, which reduce rotten wood to powder almost as soon ns It falls. One more disaster would be that at, stagnant waters would become centres of deadly poison and infection were the grubs removed which purify them.
Even this is not the end of the misfortunes which the (Inal extinction of inso ta would entail upon the world, it must bo remembered that the great majority of plants depend absolutely on insects for the fertilira-tit n of their blossoms went, many of our most-prized fruits would go too.
Date-palms, figs, apples, and pears would continue to bo covered each spring with masses of blossom. But when these fell, no fruit would take their place. Finally, there being no fruit, and couscqm ntly, no seeds, whole families of trees and plants would utterly die out.
In the course of a few years the world's food supply would bo so greatly shortened that famine could he the only result; and those of mankind who had survived tJie extinction of lish and birds, and the poisoning of the waters, would die by hunger.
B0TM8 AND COMMENTS.
«
TRIFLES DETECTIVES LOOK WHAT JOHN BULL AN» HIS
FOR FIRST.	PEOPLE ARE DOING.
Forger’• Injured Thumb Brought Occurrences in the Land That Him to Justice—Watch Con-	Reigns Supreme in the Com-
victed Murderer.	I	mercial World.
WORLD IS TAXED $40,000,000 TO WATCH THEM.
It te well known tit at most of
BUT THEY ARE A BLESSING
IN DISGUISE.
those who desire to bring about tightening of the ties between United Kingdom and its believe that their end may bo best attained by the institution of an imperial Zollvevein or Union. Such a Union would establish free trade between all the members of the British Empire, while at the same time imposing a protective tariff against the products of forutgn countries. The practicability of the scheme was discussed at the recent meeting of the British Association by Mr. Archibald D. Clark 4n a paper that deserves more tout Ion than it ha#? hitherto received. Before examining the question of a Zollvciein, Mr. Clark conceded that a huge and growing expenditure the army and navy of the United Kingdom was inevitable, and he reminded his auditors that not a Englishmen now argue that Colonies, which, equally with Great Britain, would profit by the rosult-
might fairly bo asked
a
the
Russia Pays the Sum of $10,000,000 a Year to Keep Her Anarchists in Order.
If They Were Abolished There Would be No Fruit or Pretty
Dresses.
Colonies
It costa almost exactly % half-
Any manicure can toll you that It takes between 105 and 180 days for Ponny n piece to print Hank of Eng-
the land notes.
Croat Britain's Anarchists cost
her a good round sum every year ft new I nger-imil to grow upon
but fortunately she doesn't stand Land of a man in ordinary health. The banking power of the United highest in tho scale of payment. She according to his «go. So any bruise Kingdom has increased from 182 mll-gives nn easy first place to Hussin, or other mark received on the white lions in 18-10 to over 1,000 million» who lms to draw on her funds for crescent at tho base of tho nail will | at present.
F 10.0(H),000 every year to keep hoi take as nearly as possible four The j)UCh(8R 0( Buccleuch.
crop of Anarchists in order.	months to disappear—a little 8,U)Vter | noxv Mistress of tho Robes for the
The Anarchist is a costly bird, bo- time in the case of a young man. n follrth tlmo Wftg thu clo80 pt?rgonal
ho iiii'ils so much watching, little longer if tho subject IS OW| frjen<j Qf QUoen Victoria
about 1.000 well- forty.
it	a kn .wlrdgo of this fact	,,
that enabled a detective to arrest the rm of solicitors for thirty yee-s has forger Simpson in Paris in June, bce» sentenced to Hvo years’ penal 1807.	11c know, from Simpson's 801 ' lDale for embezzling £19,538.
landlord in Bristol England, that a Under tho will of tho late James window sash had slipped and pinched Tolemnn. of Ixmdon, $250,000 is bo-the criminal’s thumb during tho nrst queathod to charity, and tho oxecu-about week of March- a fexv days before lie tors have an absolutely free hand in left England. Tho black blot was its distribution.
Just disappearing from tho end of the A statue of Lord Salisbury as a nail when tho detective mot Simpson (Kristian warrior appears in one of in Paris four months Inter. It was the niches of the interesting end the only clue, for, by shaving bis beautiful rcrodos in the chapel of All head, and dressing like a priest, the | «Souls’ College, Oxford, forger hud absolutely disguised him ¦
Tho world’s crops for one year are worth about $18,500.000,000 for tho ravages of such insects ns wireworma, grubs and locusts, this total would be increased by twenty
To put it plainly crccp-
C us toms
But
per cent
ing and flying things oat up $8,200,000,000 worth of food every twelve months—or, to make it even more startling, about $8.750,000 a day to feed insects.
This calculation takes no account of the damage insects do to pasture and to valuable timber does it cover the millions of dollars' wot th of property destroyed by ants and other tropical insects, who think nothing of eating a cupbourd-ful of boots, a dining-room table, or an entire dwelling house.
Even in Great Britain, tho
common
who Is
If Insects
it costs mankind
c a u.so
ami t hero nro known examples of him in Britain— 700 of them in London. The secret service and extra police supervision to keep constant track of the move-of those gentry costs the country a little over $85,000 « your, so that Britain keeps her resident Anarchist at an expense of $85 per Anarchist per annum But tho supervision of the constant stream of passenger Anarchists that posses through Jjondon, staying n few days only, is a serious item, and is estimated at about another $25.000 annually. Every dangerous Anarchist is always under watch, Britain's secret police being in constant touch with that of tho Continent ;
a notorious Anarchistic
over to
Charles Noble, cashier to a London
at-
N either
monts
on
few
COUNTRY WHICH SUFFERS
the
less from insects than any other in the world, life is often a misery in
from hosts of flics and
Cockroaches fro-
Tho chapel in West street, Seven Dials, London, whoso pulpit was filled by John Wesley on the commencement of his ministry there in 1743, is on tho eve of demolition.
self
s minor
ant security
contribute toward the expense
ho dca of wasps qucntly render fholo streets of houses almost uninhabitable, clothes moths are the bane of every house-and horse-flies often cause
The number of clues each of us cur-wit h us every day of our lives,
SELF-DISOtPLINE
to
11
and by which detectives could surely
'^Takcf clothes lirait "oit all. A man SJ’m# ol lho «rent main roads out „s a rule, gets all his clothes from ^'*nd,m , llr0 ,	their
the same tailor; but, whether ho does ,l > • a,1( a‘° Inad with some of or not, and however carefully ho ctv 0 most Çhnimiiig villas and coun-dcavors to cut off every tag and 'y lllunsfons 1U England or the
mark, that tailor would have nb <iif- 01 a Acuity in identifying tho garments ho The tramways, omnlbusses and un-hus made. Thread, stitching, but- derground railways in and around tons, linings—	London, within a radius of five miles
ALL TELL TIIE1R OWN TALE	it is calculated,
More particularly so do what tailors nb“Ut 458 ’-flo'18 of PBS80nB°r8-
These are simply 1Î10 Now Zealand Government
and	upon Mr. Chamberlain the es-
eyv-glnsa pockets, tnblhhmcnt of a National Technical lined with wash-loath- Eniveiaity for London, os a momor-vr, cigar, ticket, flask, and inner * ll lo t,lu ^ttt0 Queen Victoria, waistcoat pockets.	Gipsies in England nro, it is stated
A watch brought a murderer to desirous of special representation at justice about four years ago. It was tho coronation. They claim that the n t a stolen one, but his own, that im-dcrn van dweller, by good bvhav-lio had had for years. His defence ior &.nd honesty, has lived down the was an alibi. ITo very nearly pov- evil reputation of former days. * cd that ho had not been in Hull, Besides Kirkstall Abbey and England, tho nceno of tho crime, Hound my, Leeds has a park or within three months of tho date of creation ground attached to praclithe murder. Had not one of the do- rally every township in the city, tec Lives engaged In tho case boon for- 3 hero are a score of such places al-invrly a jeweller's apprentice, tho together, ranging from 1U to 78 ac-mun would have got off. But inside res in extent.
the criminal*• watch-ease was the record, written so that only a watch-
(î ren-
Thi». of course, is just what ville, Townshend and others
after the Seven Clark considered such a demand un-
Tho method of maintaining discip- and when lino in the state prison at Folsom, leader like Ma latest a goes California, is declared to be very Britain it costs her about $20 to successful. There are no dungeons or $50 a week to look after him, for dark colls, and none of the old modes j the police service is responsible for of punishment arc recognized in this Royalty’s life at such times, and institution. When n prisoner is re- the strain is very great. It is never ceivcd, he is informed that they have the leader who does tnc fell work three different bills of faro in the but always sumo ont hi-Mastic under-
it is optional with each ling. Altogether Great Britain gets
If lie off for about
said
Years' War. Mr.
wife,
high-spirited horses to become unmanageable.
Nor is tho indictment against insects oven yet full. Recent r ose arc h-
that the mosquito besides
la the first
wise, for two reasons place, he maintained that the United Kingdom is already compensated for tho fact that it boars the whole
Os prove
rendering large regions of tho earth almost uninhabitable, is responsible for the scourge of malaria, and that flit's carry ophthalmia, cholera, and many other diseases. At least ha If the deaths from typhoid fever
e<l to infocti<% carried by flies,
prison
man ns to how well he live* is industrious, orderly, well-bchavcV and in nil things conforms strictly to
burden of providing for the military
defence of the British
and naval Empire. The compensation, he said, was the vastly grimier weight in the councils of the nations, which England derives from the possession of huge transmarine dependencies submitted, in the second place, that
in South Africa
$05,000 A YEAR
,	,, She may he thankful she has not
the rules of the prison ho is served I surh nn annual bill M Russia, how-
with excellent food, nicely cooked. cvor> who spends $000,000 a year lie can have chops, steaks, eggs, tea on her frontier anti-Anarchist police and coffee, milk and white biead, if alone, and another $000,000 on her he is only fairly well bchaxod am foreign spies. Russia, by her own does not do his allotted task proper- methods, knows ns much—probably lv, is inclined to growl and grumble m,^^_tvttout the Anarchists’ movent the regulations of the institution. nl(>nts in London us tho 1 ondon polie is given ordinary prison fare,, ,icc (lo Tho St Petersburg secret mush and molasses, coup and corn service costs the Russian (lovern-bicn.t; and if he is ugly and insub-, mcnt 3450,000 per annum, besides ordinate, lie is permitted to feast or. tj1(? servant-spy system all over the
quantities of cold
end a rather small aliowsnce Of hold tliero is at least une (lovcrn-broad. '1 here is said to bo an in- mcnt spy, who reports all tho say-terse rivalry among the convicts to h amj doings of the family to a
and once
it is very seldom that one of them has to be sent buck to a lower class.
are
are
II “specials. ” si oeial pockets—fountain-pen pencil pockets watch pockets
un n
while cattle suffer equally with man fiom insect enemies. It would really
nothing in tho world
st cm that would be more desirable, if it were possible, than tho complete abolition of
lie
recent
experience
Indicated that the Interests of
penal defence might be better served TftUe a i00l ttt the other side of
by the spontaneous action of the the shield before voting “Down with
Colonies than bv a formal and bind- insects." ami see what would hapi'^n
as soon as they were all extInct would have to go without your honey for breakfast in tho : - t plact
Having put aside as belonging to | ]jut that, after all, would not be a
Your wife
ALL INSECT LIFE
îm-
Yom
In every Russian housc-
ro
iug contract
tho limbo of chimeras the notion of very severe hardship.
however, be worse off than
She would never be able to
Silkworms
bureau at headquarters.
It will easily Lx* seen what an expensive business this is, and the cost of it lust year was over $7,500,000. it is spread over the whole
They were quite newly married, I country like a network. Russia has and she was much too young to some 120,000 Anarchists to deal with understand that a man takes but lit- at homo and abroad, and they cost tic interest in shopping expeditions, her on un average $500 a year each
a which is a pretty tig allowance. But
exhibited | Russia is far and away tho most
Anarchist-ridden country in the world, and one of her items is $550,000 spent in fortifying the Czar’s residences and special trains against the secret enemy.
Tho United States spends less than Croat Britain, and her entire anti-Amu chist bill reaches $50,000 a year. She has a specially-devoted secret police service to keep an eve solely on Anarchist characters, and the propaganda of tho talking section, who are really the MOST MISCHIEVOUS OF ALL. This service goes down at $85,000 a year. It is small, and rather inefficient. The States shelter a largo number of Anarchists. There are generally at least 5,000 in New York alone, and the whole country holds about 12,000, many of them refugees from Russia. So the States spend I CHS than $5 a head on her Anarchists.
France keeps a very keen eye on her own crop of Anarchists, and it costs her about $200,000 a year. She has a very complete service of working-men spies who serve tho Government, and these alone represent a bill of $75,000 a year. Then the pick of the police arc formed into a special body, costing $00,000 a year, and Franco pays a lot of money out for information from any source — private spies, “traitors," or any other. This varies, of course, but tho average is about $10,000 a year. Tho remaining $25,000 goes in foreign service.
Germany runs her Anarchists economically, but looks after them very well for nil that. Tho special arrangements for protecting the Kaiser amount to $(>0,000 a year, and tho special anti-Anarchist corps of tho po ice $50,000 more. Altogether, more than $125,000 in keeping her secret foes under.
w on Id,
offerting any definite and binding arrangement by which the Colonies j £)uy anothcr sin< (lrc.s8
should be made to share in the suj>- | an(j silkspiders would, of course, bo
too, would never
King Edward is a bibliophile in tho
«... * 41	Itruo KOnsc of L-eing a lover of books,
nnye^ could read^iL Hint Iko^watch |and |,ja Majesty is devoting attenter repairs the very any before the
to a number of Hull watch-makers, mil at hist recognized by one who
man coming out of a public house wiping his mouth, that would be prima facie evidence that ho had been
A WARNING TO WIVES
of the imperial army and I extinct.	You,
addrcs.nl Mm.	,%%%: 5SJSS
a I uvopea s who live on silk Industry This project, also, he re- woupi starve, or crowd other em-
port
navy, Mr. Clerk to the more plausible project of
lion to tho royal libraries. The library at Windsor was begun by Henry VII ]., and now contains about 100,000 volumes.
The lato Lord Morris, in defining
Tho watch was submitted
Zollvercin
She had left his side to look in
window in which were -----------
some winter mantles which were “just lovely !" When she returned she took the arm which seemed to he half grudgingly proffered, and sobbed :
he cited the conclusive fact that, of I	found for rouge. Ink-makers
tho total import and export trade of would be deprived of the onk gulls,
1 due to insects, which are so large'8 used in producing the best brands of
the end the prisoner made a fuU confession
Only one man in 215 can be pro-
1 "*¦ - -
in excellent health, would be amazed By comparing the statistics of Eng-to find how unevenly made he is, il lish and Scotch Universities in a ho got himself carefully tested with gixen your. It was found that Scotland, with a population of 3,725.,	.	: i . _,000, had 6,800 university students,
srSSS E “
qucntly the eyes arc quite different.	. .	. r. f
The fact that the pupil of his left eye The locomotive budders in Cfrcat was larger than that of the right Britain are at present experiencing a caused the extradition from Spain ! decided increase in trade. In addi-txvo years ago of a very celebrated tion to tho largo numbers of loco-swindler. who is now undergoing motives that are under construction seven years’ penal servitude.	for tl:0 h°ino railways, Natal has
The no.-e is very seldom straight, just entered into contracts with the
You—you don’t even lo—look at anything 1 want you to—to roc ; you do—don't care how I am dressed. You no longer lo—love me haven’t oven kcr—kiisod me for u whole day, and you—"
•*1 tun extremely sorry, madam, but that is my misfortune, not my fault,’’ said tho gentleman, looking pathetically down into her face.
Hie looked at him and gasped. She had taken tho arm of the wrong man !
the United Kingdom, about 75 per
4 4
transacted with foreign
countries. For those vital mec i-1 stick-lac, shell-Inc and seed-lac
ma-1 would be no more. They nro produced
cent, was
ink
You
ties, to wit, food and the raw
of its manufacturing indus- I by
THE MEASURING TAPE
tcrials
trios, tho United Kingdom relies principally upon the foreigner, and ! ti)0 bark
the colonist. To ask the | shrubs.
severely.
CERTAIN INSECTS BORING
oil various trees and Chemists would suffer very Blistering agents of ali derived from insects, Substitutes, too, to be discovered for
present extracted from the oil beetle and other insects.
At a pinch, we might do without Neither is the inordinate sacrifice |	honey or any of these things
which a Zollvercin would upon Great Britain, the only objection to the scheme
not upon
United Kingdom to subordinate its own interests in such momentous particulars
Colonics wou.d be, on tho face
sorts, now
would l e no more
to tho interests of the | would have
of I valuable oils, at
t — — —
WATER IN BAMBOOS.
Mr. U. II. Yapp, an English natural ist who has recently explored the mountain ranges of the Malay Peninsula, reports tho hitherto little-known fact that in several species of bamboo tho hollow internodos —tho parts of tho stems between the joints—are stored with large quantities of naturally filtered water. The knowledge of this fact might be of great service in an emergency.
things, preposterous
cording to which side a person sleeps A man who suffers from indigestion songer cars.
almost invariably lies far over on Many of Dr. Barnardo’a boys have his right side, ns in that position he turned out remarkably well, but one is most comfortable. Consequently, of the most conspicuous examples of his nose is almost certain to bo bent success won by merit is notified from
Tho hero of the story is
But, after all. it is a man’s mouth a gentleman Who ha* just been ugur-whlch goes furthest to give him /ng in tho reception to the Duke and away. The man who has over gone Duchess of Cornwall—namely, Mr. J. to a good dentist has left behind Page, one of Queensland’s represen-him a life-long record which would tativee in tho now Federal Parlia-enable that % ractiHonor to identify mont of tho Australian Common-him with absolute certainty. Such wealth.
a dentist makes notes of every tooth jn near future a number of den-he stops, and more particularly What. tists wm t,0 included in the estab-he puts in it. Stoppings are of |iidmicnt 0f tho Royal Army Medical dozens of different kinds in these Qorpg Recently some temporary ap-davs. Plain gold or plain amalgam ointments without military rank i*» comparatively rarely used. Gold were mudo in London and Aldershot, and platinum in various proportions; Jn or(jcr timt the teeth of the return-and many other metals are employed ed wouu(jcd wight bo looked after by s<> that, unless a criminal has all his experts, u |las now been decided to teeth j idled out, he can most certain- jncrcas6 the number of dentists in
Even then a plate the Cftpc hospitals, and four of them
will be given the rank of captain, with pay at tho rate of a pound per day, with servant and field allowance.
impose | which we got directly from insects.
But worse would follow on the sudden extinction of insect life. It must be remembered that the food of nearColonics would be glad to obtain a | jy np 0ur common land birds con-
the
No doubt the
preference for their food products s5sts mainly of insects
U».. ;• w tKT.r.r^.n^ t
the United Kingdom, ii they did not thrush and blackbird, the lark., the have to pay too high a price for it. ] swallow, the cuckoo, and hundreds The Dominion Australian
Australia

to the left
STORM STATISTICS.
In England January is by far the stormiest month, followed by November and October for fourteen consecutive years showed that January had seventy gales, November fifty-eight, Octobor fifty-five, December forty-seven, February forty-six, March forty-five, September eighteen, April seventeen, August eleven, and tho remaining throe months, May to July, nine gales between them.
of Canada and the of others, would follow tho insects
how- into extinction.
. ,	...	,	Other birds, such as rooks ami
ever, would consider the loss of the crows and sparrows, would make a
revenue, which is now drawn from gterner fight for life, and turn their
customs duties on British products, attention to the crops man grows.
- <—«• •¦"«•-** - 2%
cost of their autonomous administra- | ;nder cover of net or glass, There
tion, too high a price to pay for the | would probably follow fearful plagues
admission of thoir commodities to i of field mice, for the birds of prey.
British market under preferential | deprived of change of food in the
« shape ef small birds, would become conditions. Another tact, sometime, i vcry scnr(.c> and Fomc species proba-
ovorlookod, was brought out by Mr. ¦ blv perish entirely.
at. the Columns j Few people who have net Studii
tho subject realize how great is the de’t farmers owe to insects and allied forms of life. Presumably tive tariff to be levied upon imports j earthworms would bo included in the
from foreign countries. Thoir failure | general clearance
wide I he that in a few years' time all the stiff clay soils now so good for farming would become useless r:oneilability, of their respective in- i worms are tho natural drainers of
In the case of a given com- this soil, and they are constantly
Australia turning it over.	*
Darwin has calculated that within
fifteen years earthworms bring up
list, while Canada might in uI)on I three inches thickn of fresh mould
subjecting it to a heavy duty, j to tho surface.	Without them nil
Summing up the views which he ax- strong lands except sandy moulds
pressed to tho British Association, 1 woul,‘ bccomo Mr Clark denounced the policy of "tightening the ties’’ by an imperial Zollvercin, or in any other formal
Commonwealth,
Daily records
the
ly bo identified
is as Bure a clue as a coat
ART OF GLOVE-CUTTING.
The cutters of the great glove house* at Brussels and in Franco earn oven higher wages than the cutters of tho most fashionable tailors in London and New York. So difficult is tho art of cutting gloves that most of the principal cutters are known to tho trade by mono and fame, and tho peculiar knives which they use in the business arc so highly prized that they arc handed down from generation to generation as heirlooms.
ark, HHHHHPPIHBilH
would not even be able to agree
namely,
as
SOMETHING TO BE THANKFUL
FOR.
Some barristers make up for their lack of briefs and general failure in their profession by adopting a-supercilious air towards thoir less-favored lay brethren, and by indulging in extreme pomposity of speech.
There is an old story told of such a one, who was asked one day by a friend how it came that his hand was bandaged up.
"Why, my dear, sir," replied the superior one, "I was taking a ramble in my brother’s grounds, when, coming upon a gate leading into the rose gardon, I was forced to climb over it, and I thereby grazed the epidermis on my hand, attended with a slight extravasation of blood."
"Dear, dear me," exclaimed his acquaintance ; "it was very lucky for you that your brother's gar„o was not as lofty as your style, or you might have broken your neck."
details of a common protoc-
to the
SI1E WAS THE CIIEUUB.
She was just married, and when site asked her husband for a cheque for $f>0, what could he do but draw I “Oh, Mr. Johns," exclaimed Misa her one? But ns just then ho was Gush, “1 heard you talk'ing to pa deeply in love he filled up the cheque | about plants, and I do so want to thus: "Pay Sweet Little Cherub j	yOU ; for, you know, I nm
$50"; and next, in an absent-minded VCry interested in botany. I like all way, forgetting altogether what he kinds of plants and flowers, as, of
Or bear- j course, you do, too, Mr. Johns ; but
what varieties of plants are you particularly interested in ?"
The plants which I am most interested in," replied Mr. Johns, " machinery plants."
Miss Gush looked mystified for ft moment, but soon brightened up, remarking :
“I haven’t got so fax as yet."

Tho result would
AN ADVANCED COURSE
to agree would bo due to the
nay, in some cases, irro-
di varsity.
Earth-
tores ts
for instance,
modity,
might dcsir« to place it on the free
I i
was doing, ho struck out or" and put in “Or order."
She didn’t notice what he had done and if she had she wouldn’t have known tho meaning. So she popped into tho bunk, and walking up to the man at tho desk handed him tho cheque, lie looked at it, grinned, and then began to show it to the other fellows was right and tho cheque was a good
A RELIC OF MAJUBA.
A remarkable story is current with regard to General Sir Inn Hamilton's spectacles. It appears that the gallant officer, then a subaltern, lost a pair of spectacles in tho battle of Majuba Hill. They were apparently picked up by a Boer whom they suited, and who kept them for twenty years. In the early part of tho present year the spectacle» wore found <>n the body of a dead D<
There ¦	.	_ _
their identity, for the case had General Hamilton's name on It, and they in duo course returned to their
i
i #
>
are

COLD AND STERILE

While on the subject of worms it might be mentioned that the sport of fishing would cease with the extinction of insects, and that inland vers and waters would very soon
bare
that
But the signature
way, am really retrograde and historical. However speciously disgu 1 at first, such a policy, ho was become as empty as the cold,
convinced, would ullimgl&LK*Involve a return to the system of monopoly and interference by the Central Gov-
in tho eighteenth
un-
onc
“Madam,” ho said, "this cheque is payable to order."
"Yes," she replied, "I ordered it Oh, that's not tho point," he cx-pl I
we can only pay it to the person in whose favor it is drawn."
"Well, that’s me!" she smilingly replied.
Indeed," he said. “Are you the Sweet Little Cherub?"
Of course; wo’re only married three months!"
"Then," ho added, “.please write ‘Sweet Little Cherub* and sign your name under it."
She did it, and got tho money.
people die daily from accidents in Europe.
The average weight of a horse is 1,0001b.
300
soil
9 9
All really tropical countries would rapidly be rendered absolutely uninhabitable by the disappearance of incarrion birds or beasts, which cat up and destroy the enormous amount of dead animal and vegetable matter which would otherwise putrify under tho rays of tho overhead sun, and spread pestilence everywhere bluebottle fiy produces young, which oat so much that they increase in weight two hundred times within twenty-four hours.
Linny says that three bluebottles will eat a dead horse as quickly ns a lion could; and in hot climates this really
could bo no doubt as to
I #
Being payable to order
# «
BALD THROUGH FRIGHT.
The recent case of a boy who became bald through fright has been discussed by sorao people who do not believe it pu bie. But ot Tho two oldest secret trade pro- have occurred
now in existence arc consider- physician, recently treated a fashionable woman who had been frightened by spending a night in a lonely country villa evading the attacks of her husband, who had been seized with violent hydrophobia. When res. cue came she dropped paralyzed, and during tho next few days every hair of her head fell out.
It is insects, far more than
which
population is Lr>,411
1. She is
eminent,
century cost England her American
Scotland's _
greater than that of Ireland also nearly twice os rich.
French people eat on an average 105 eggs a year apiece, English 85, Italians only 48.
“Well, papa, what are all those big flags made of ?" asked two boy. "Some of them are made of silk. Clnrenoo ; but by far the greater number are made of bunting papa TV "Well. Clarence ?" the Lttle flags made of baby bunt-
wero
Colonies
OLDEST SECRET TRADES
i #
IIE HAD FEW.
Snappcy— 'So you're thinking of going in for politics."
Sappey—“Yaas, but the thing that worries me is that I'll have to mingle with such common people pretty hard for one to know just .w to treat his inferiors." Snappey—"Oh but you won’t meet
many of thorn."
Drf Pozzi, a Paris
i *
The
ed to be the manufacture of Chinese red, or vermilion, and that method of inlaying the hardest steel with gold and silver which seems to have been practised at Damascus ages ago and is known only to tho Syrian smiths and their pupils even to this

200,000


It's
And.
99 M
A re
12,000 volunteers man 280 British lifeboats.
All the forests of
o"
day

______________ ", ^ t -

/





_
###PAGE###3###

%
PALE YOUNG GIRLS.|15 merry old eelakd| SvJ*,T,!IZT....
NEWS BY KJuTABOUT JOHN
ablo suit of clothe», he has saunter-
J BJM
t. ..Jr1® Feinting Scelle—Her The widonlng of London Bridge la for his pipe. Colonlola are wo open- bl11 tho «tory clings to the doctor's I £» ane MB*, n	—
weniui Became eo Bad That She climated to coet £100,000.	handed with their property that In name to this day.	MU	B1	Bfj| U ff”
as 1 creed to Give up School. Tho prosent growth of London's a day's work he has collected a vol- ! Of tho ten leading cIUch In the nA. W3^	H	H*1
Miss Catherine McLclInn is u P°riU aU°n 'l* »boul.2-800 a month, uoble stock, which he has "clasaod" | world. the United .States lies thm- UU 1 U LK0 BUBÜ young lady well known In Charlotte- I, h° . P°Pu*“tlonof Great Britain at night and sold to tobn.ccoim.Ui. Kew York. Chicago, and Philadel-
îsrspr*-	s. u.... i.wiy «w.n up	,.„u_; The Dawcon Commission Co., Limited, Toronto
ISSSANOTHER STARTLING OTTAWA CASE,
Satura A LETTER FROM MR. S. A. CASSIDY.im»¦» ï*»
sUay^oI I ici' lit nos h^m6" o I to w * --ÎI W<wtmln"îer Abbey la to bo closed	"	I J T Aph^"U r K EN",'TLw 'IA T1 ,’EE'fl
Z	|1	' ##### ^ w
ïpÉlP»8
nt> 111 matter® of this kind, sho moiiks from France has already ar- jn a reminiscent m,„.d «ml t.ii, f, Z., w 1 Was cured of Stone in **4 Indu-Mom man or woman In the way of
ft? ai””y	“cæ a	BES £=. w raw
æ gts-junst a» :n w«5SMii™»TO»,.,ma»
Jiffaas""Sirs*&HttF*W1 ÏA » ittSsr
HH
l)y addressing tho j)r. Williams Med- HV<M,>°01, an(1 rulVV° Douff,flS. fl lei no Co., Hrockville Ont	Ihomc ftfl an errand boy, lost his life
under sad circumstances
puppy kicked into tho harbor by a I Doctors state that by means of
man he told his companions ho would the X-rays it is possible to deter-save it. They tried to dissuade him I	¦ | ¦ w~
but he stripped himself, and crying ;
out "Here goes," jumped into tho ¦ disease is or is not present in any water. lie was drowned, the body particular case. Under the penctrat-not being recovered till three hours log rays the whole outline of the later.
While the vicar, the Rov. It. Me- abnormal in its size or shape detéct-Clcvcrty, was in the pulpit of St. ed.
l’irr mnn ™,th t,,e 8amo HloI*y I	it ever occur to you that bulk Tea without any well defined
r.VhT,“"u“ :::tI»•*-y•-q-«m,?
tcreeUng legal point whether ho he punished. If *o, one may bo liable to bo arrested for asking a •tranger for a match.
Imdella Ceylon Tea
IIOW THEY MAY GAIN BRIGHT EYES AND ROSY CHEEKS.
cun
BULL AND HIS PEOPLE.
is packed in air tight lead packages, and its unvarying fine flavor Is the result of skill in blending. Lead packages, 25, 30, 40, 50 and 60.
Wo want thousands of baijels to supply our customers.
Ship yours to us and we will get you all they are worth.
Jhero ore .'110,000 marriages year-*
îuinn^lh°LUnitCti King,Jo“i, and 713,000 death».
I
am
anaemia
wont turned
The massed navies of the world in-
471 cruisers, and 1,000 torpedo-
W P C I l»l
CALVERT'S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
In Lincolnshire the magistrates are impressing upon holders of public----------------------------------------------- in their hands.	1
When old residents of Ottawa
For all skin alimente,
* 0. Cdfvsrt â Co., Manchester, England

I
HELP WANTED.
irai
i
FRENCH
for mode np Oooda, finit, la Clo'h, Velvet. Hill er furs and all valuable hour. Hangings nothing So e*uel it If done by the
B1ITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO , Montreal.
CLEANING.
Dominion Line Steamships
Monties', to Liverpool Boston to Liverpool. Portland to Liverpool VlaQueto,-town.
Large and Fait Stearns tor all cLaa»# oi ire amidshlpn 1er nod Saloon
ern
bips. Superior pa vengera. Saloons Special alien Uoo and Third-Claa,
- rates of pas-ag, and all particulars.
AR\fKH8‘ SONS WANTED-To take a I tl the Company, or
abort, practical courre on veterinary Bielards, Mills à Co,
77 dial,St, Boston.
account odallee and Htater ¦
irr»0«D| to -M
fcae bore «irai: accommodation ». epp!/ to any
VETERINARY COURSE.
l-e.
agon#
sufïcr no more
F
D. Torraace SOo.
Montreal and Poniard,
s. A. CASSIDY,
Ottawa, Canada
work; thr e months’dudy during spare time al home w.l qualify to uasft un examination; I — •uoreasful >tiv en>« wl 1 bo offbed perman. nl , position at $000 a year in our various branches; à splendid ooportanity for young men to secure 1 ft re | a thorough Veterinary Courre and good position ; write at once for fu I particulars. A4-	1
dress—Head Office. Veterinary Science Asso- ’ dation, Ltndon. On4
T.tILORI.YG
I Of 1,000 British girls there • 130 Marys, 122 Elizas, 72 Sarahs,
X-RAYS AND THE HEART
Seeing a
11 CD.,
HE THOUGHT IT
and 60 Amies
A guardian of tho Law was relating to a small audience how, after arresting a misdemeanant, he obstructed by another person, whereupon lie also arrested tho obstructionist.
mine beyond doubt whether heart
7 Wellington St. West, Toronto,
Canada’s Largest Tailors
Will make clothes to order for every man in Canada at LOWER PRICES than any fxrnr rot eo4A ?	» other firm, and DELIVER
b’. £	TOUR NEARE5T EX-
eluding guns, etc., tho total cost is rKfcbb blAllUN. Drop a
Many of the old-school physicians will tell I raised to $400 a ton.	card for their
you asthma Is ncurablo, At one time It wai I _ _______________________________________
thought so, but thanks to Dr. Clarke's wonder, e1-1 ¦	"--1	¦	.	!¦_¦._ _.j: FASHION PAMPHLET, SAMPLES OF CLOTH,
% niach'of	______AjjüJKASUMIIIIIT MUM._________
sufferer from Asthma or bronchitis. You will I	\ THE MOST NUTRITinilQ
cLbDnundipp0intedIf y°U lry Darke's Kola Dear Sirs,-I was for seven years! —	^	^	^
Mr. II. Salmon, the well known merchant, A sufferer from Bronchial trouble,!	Em Ej |Q
635 Yongo Street. Toronto, write) 11 For and would be so hoarse at times	I	Ï	Cj i 1
that I became much alarmed, I had consulted I thing till I tried	your MINARD'S	^^X	^X	A
h Jwo bottles U U U O	A
becoming thinner nnd weaker all the time.	Eftv® relief and	six	bottles made a	Xr	.1 m
of tno leading physicians told me I was	complete cure.	I would heartily re-
^ ^ to,
who had been cured of A*thma by Clarke's M1 0 1 throat or lung trouble.
Kola Compound, so decided to try it. The llr*t |	J. F. VANBUSKIIUC
bottle did not help mo much, but I • ontinuod as directed and before I had finUhed tbs fourth bottle I wat completely cured. This was over a year ago and 1 have einco gained nearly tvos.ty pounds of ray lost, weight. 1 cannot praise this remedy loo highly, as it hai d me again to perfect health, which 1
—	, mm on	*• Married women live on an average
|U3 Ft Permanently two years longer than single ones.
Adinmfl cures. »
- -	I	mad work* off She €slil.
Toronto Physician said he would not ^ get better and advised a change
ol Climate.
was
heart can be discerned and anything
“What would
queried n bystander, "if, instead of actually interfering, he had simply spoken hi» mind, and called you impertinent, officious, loafing scoundrel, who only loitered around and laid violent hands on his betters — adding that he considered you a vagabond and a blackguard ?"
"Oh," replied the policeman, " I I	m 1	«%	mm. ^
would have arrested him all tho I	gX RJiT^'LTTira	^ ArcT
sau:e for inciting others to commit JL VjFfiLa^^JL& JbL	fY	S	ÿ
u broach of tho peace "	«
“ But," continued the querist,
"suppose he said nothing, but just thought so ?"	»
"Well," was the reply, "I can't airc.it a unin for thinking. He can , think what ho likes."	J
"Then," said the querist, "I think
you have done?"
an
CLARKE’S KOLA COMPOUND CURED
i
c
Good for Bad Teeth Not Bad for Good Teeth
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
Une
Brass Band
BO."
Fredericton
FRAIL LITTLE ONES
Sosodont Liquid 93c. Large Llauid and Powder 75c.
At all stores or by mail. Sample of the Liquid for the postage, jc.
HALL & RUCKEL, Montreal.
----	--- -	----•"•trumentf, Drums, Uniforms Etc.
Their Hold Upon Life is Slight, and Mothers Have a Great Responsibility.
Every baby—every little one—requires constant care and watchfulness, and when a trace of illness is noticeable, the remedy should be promptly applied. Tho little ones are frail. Their hold upon life is
*ViKhWÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊIgÊÊÊÊÊÊÈI^KÊÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊÊ^^KtÊl
trouble should be met by the proper I from the church, but clung to the corrective medicine. Baby's Own gates outside, where she remained Tablets have a record surpassing all for twenty minutes. Eventually the other medicines for the cure of cliil- unfortunate Ionian was removed to (Iron's ailments. They arc purely an asylum.
> egetablc and guaranteed to contain A novel fire alarm has been fitted no opiate or poisonous drugs such | up in the big recreation room of the as form the base of most so-called London tire brigade headquarters. It “soothing" medicines. For sour takes the form of a 4.7 shell, which stomach, colic, simple fever, const!- has been converted into an electric
pation. all bowel troubles, the irri- alarm signal for a general turnout in DeafîlOS3 Cannot be Cured
tat ion accompanying the cutting of the event of fire. The shell was sent bv local application* as they cannot reach the teeth, sleeplessness and similar to Commander Wells as a souvenir di*eft*ed portion of the ear. There i a only one symptoms, these Tablets are with- from South Africa, and tho chief of- tncuredWnow,, andihat 1<byconstlttv
out an equal. They act directly ficcr has had it converted to this iXm/u ^ondl'ion of th^muco inning oAh! upon th* organs which cause the novel purpose. It makes a resonant BoiiAchlan Tub*. When ibis tube l* in-, troubles, and gently but effectively fire signal.	Ml?1,1	eot;Dll,crhnper
remove tho cause and bring back the	------*----- dwtem I» m	n«!	™ • Iniuü!
condition of perfect, hearty health	mation esn be tak*anut*nd ibis tube restored
Every mother who has used these Nearly 4,000 persons arc accl- l° normal oonditl	a.	bearing	mil be	do*
Tablet, for her little ones praises d.'nta,,y droWncd every year in Kng-	whïch'î.'ëo.Mn/bnt^V»
them, which is the best evidence of '&nd. Gf these only 150 are skating flamed coudltio» oi she mucon» earface-.
EESrSSS	sSSSesss
cine. 1 think they saved my baby's or °'er* *n Russia only 6 out of IOC li and 1 gratefully recommend do 80 • them to all mothers." Ask your druggist for Baby's Own Tablets. If he does not keep them, send 25 cents direct to us and wc will forward a box prepaid. Wo have a valuable little booklet on the care of children and how to treat their minor ailments, which wc will send free of charge to any mother who asks for it. The Dr. Williams Medicine Co., Brockville, Ont.
re* lore
ûâ w	, Six nautical miles, or knots,
( had s, Stafford, the wife of a local roughly equal to seven English publican was seized with a fit of religious mania and shouted that she was a prophet and that the world was coming to an end on the fol-The slightest symptom of I lowing Saturday
iAiiwrd’s Liniment Cores Diphtheria.
She was carried
To Sick and Nervous People
and Mon and Women with Back Pains, Rhouota- r	*
item, Kervs Weakness, Lidigestion, Constipation,
Liver, Kidney or Bladder Trouble*
To pay and board a British soldier costs the government $207 a year.
TO C RE 4 COlll IV OVE l>AV.
Take Laxnriro Promo Quinine Tablets A 1 drucyifct* refund tho money if It fall* to curs. E. W, Qrove’i signature is on e^ch box. 2Jo.
The man who invented work ought to have finished it.
mpji
*
s
My Electric Belt has restored health and strength to thousands of
nervous, debilitated, and pain-worn men and women. You also
be cured if you will grasp the opportunity I offer. Read what the
cured say. Electricity, as furnished by-my Belt, cures by giving
back to the weakened nerves, muscles and organs the vitality they
have lost, reducing inflammation, developing the full vigor of health
and removing the effects of overwork, exposure to weather, and long continued sickness.
can

PAY WHEN CURED.
¦ o those who have trusted and been betrayed by seductive promises ; to those who I	\
bare swallowed pailfuls of pills and liouid medicines without result except a damaged j
stomach and increased pain and weakness, and to those who have worn so-cafled I #	|
electric belts, which either burned and blistered the body or gave no electricity, I	"
•ffer a positive cure by means of my Electric Belt. It gives a stronger current than any other, and is guaranteed not % burn nor blister.
%
{
F. J. CHENEY Sc CO., Toledo. O.
j Sold by Druggletp, 75c.
Hall'» Family Fills are the best
n .	. ADVICE TO A BRIDE.
Don * l*k® *°J chances at the ont», t of your married life. Give blm
DR. Ado LA UGH LIN'S OFFER

lam Rot giving Belts away. Ï am offering to cure first and be paid after you are cured. I have an Electric Belt which DOES CURE, and any honest person who will secure me can have my Belt and p iv me when cured. Can anything be fairer than that?	r
SPECIAL NOTICE—If you have an old belt which has blistered you In exchange half the price of mine.
CALL TO-DAY—Consultation and test FREE.
-aSSS? Addrcii?	% b^utUuU, MM»**	book »n4 M*» fr.m th.
Office Hours Pa ra, lo 8.30 p.m.

no electricity, I will allow
you Ok g*.
»
Only 21 per coni, of doctors reach 70 years, but 42 per cent, of clergymen do so.
DR. M. d. McLAUGHLIN, iso Yenge St, Torente
Theodore Thespis—"But, my dear fellow, VII pay in time." Peter FlinL—"J pi eft.' it fn money. "
OEJYXiOTT TEA.



###PAGE###4###


MASSE Y-H ARRIS
SMART & SMITH
THE EQUITY.
PONTIAC BETTER PREPARED
WOOLLEN
SHAWVILLE
WARE-BOOMS
SHAWVILLE, NOV. 14, 1901
Q)
There will be general approval of Sir Wilfred Laurier'* declaration at the Manufacturera dinner, that " we are not sending any mere reciprocity delegations to Washington. " And there will be more apptoval if the Government stands by what its head has said.
We are better prepared than ever to meet your requirements in
Gold Weather
MILLS
STAPLE WINTER CLOTHING.
Have commenced operations for the season and
Requisites.
Four thousand more mounted men are to tv sent from Great Britain to South Africa, and Mr. Chamberlin has intimated that no new terms of peace will be offered to the enemy. Contemplating the cost of the struggle, as pictured by the Chancellor of the Exchequer, has not reduced thedetermination to end the break-
vig the enemy. The Briton and the Boer I Custom WOrk WÜ1 TOCeiVO are about equally stubborn in this
ma* ter.
will be found thoroughly | We have on hand a large stock of equipped to do a satisfactory trade with the farmers of the surrounding country.
READY-MADE SUITS and OVERCOATS
Cooking1 Stoves and Heaters
Horse Blankets Robes.
for Men and Boys.
careful and prompt atten-| Our suits have been giving splendid satisfaction
tion, and the public may rely on getting the best satisfaction.
*
as to fit and durability. We have some great bargains to show you now.
The Dominion immigration returns «how that about 50,000 people came to Vannda last year. The exact number wan 40,162. Of these, 31,162 arrived at ocean porta, and the balance, 18,000 came from the Un ted States. Those who came from the United States are among the best settlers for the Northwest. Of these who came by ocean ports 0,331 were English, 838 Irish, 1,476 Scotch, 520 German, 836 Scandinavians, 41 >2 French and Belgian, and 17,572 from o her European Countries. These latter include the Boukhobor ani Galliciau elements.

ANDREW PDCINS, in fur goods, wool blankets
etc., we can please you.
J
Here it is ! I MACFARLANE BROS. | Big stock of Coarse and Fine Harness.
The Place
A NEWLY RE-BUILT N|ILL :•
SMART & SMITH.
Montreal, Nov. 7. -A grand banquet cl lêed the convention of the Canadian Manufacturers’ last night. It was held in the Windsor Hotel, naarly five hundred gueits being present. Hon. J. D. Rowland of M mtreal presided, and among the guests were Lord tvrathona, Sir Wilfred Laurier, Hon. W. S. Fielding and Mr. U. L. Borden, leader of the Opposition. The premier while believing in stability of the tariff did not believe the present one was perfect. No more delegations would be sent to Washington t » wo*.k for reciprocity but, rather he believed, delegations would came from Washington.
CLARENDON ROLLER MILLS.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
P. S.—Percival Sulkey and Walking Ploughs.
The Best Flour and the Largest Returns for your wheat is Our Ambition.
We desire to have you and our l’lour meet. There is a basis for a firm friendship between us after you ; ; and the Flour have argutd it over. ; ;
OHAWVILLE’S
V NEW
We Satisfy.
Eavetroughing,
Roofing and
The arbitration between the Edward I	R 6D3.I PI flSf
Lloyd Paper company, of London, Eng.,	1
and the Sturgeon Falls Pulp company j	«	, m_____ i
came to a somewhat startling and abrupt JNSZltiy uCHG at 10W£3t conclusion yesterday afternoon, says j	ttrîppç
Tuesday’s Ottawa Citizen. After months
of fighting an agreement w is reached and	---
the f notion has given away to harmony.	RAI C DDflQ
After the L'oyds had brought out the |	UMLI1 DlflUda
Sturgeon Falls company it was alleged that the latter had been guilty of misrepresentation, and a legal battle ensued.
The Hon. Charles Fitzpatrick wasap-pointed arbitrator and some of the great
SASH and DOOR
c
Sturgeon Falla Dispute Settled
We have a Large Stock of Everything in our Line.
Highest Pries paid for Hard Milling Wheat.
JAMBS WILSON.
FACTORY.
PEOPLE WIIO BUY THIBR GOODS AT OVR STORE GO AWAY SATISFIED THAT THEY PROCURE
o
BEST VALUE FOR THEIR MONEY
In connection with my former Im.sl-nes> I have just placed In position a Met of first -class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
IN ALL LINES OF
1901
1901
>
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
Shawille.
OR
Sash,

OREMOST
URNITURE.
P. S.—Highest price paid
qX i f"r c"ifskins »«<> M'»-
and Ottawa and after the expenditure of thousands of d )Ilars the hatchet has been buried and the work of constructing the mills at Sturgeon Falls will be proceeded with as soon as arrangementacan be made with the contractor*.
Doors,
Mouldings,
HAVE A LOOK AT THF CHOICE SELECTION OF
SEASONABLE GOODS
Stray Colts.
Turnings, 8to.
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it
WE ARE NOW SHOWING BFFORE LAYING IN YOUR :	FALL SUPPLIES. : ;
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-class work.	/
Strayed"from the premises of the owner about the 96th of October two colts (both fillies and bay color) one yearling and one 2 years old. Information that will lead to their recovery will be thankfully received by the undersigned
GEORGE
Seeking Reciprocity
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future increase in business.
Silas Young,
SMITH. Grvvrmount, Thome
THE VNITKI> STATES WILL NOW RVN AFTER
CANA1>A.
• •
e #
# e
We have also a flrst-ol
assortment of
Stray Heifer.
Buffalo, N. Y , Nov. 7—Next Thursday the boaidi of trade of a large number
oi the leeding cities of the United States	_	_ _
solicit his interest in the matter of closer	AIRS. R. HODGINS,
trade relations between the l nited States i	10th R. Clarendon,
and Canada. The inteut oa is to have!	Chnrteria P. 0.
him incorporated in his message to such measures as will make possible a fairer trade policy towards Canada.
New York, Nov. 7.—Members of the Board of Trade and Transportation today j One 18 months old red and white spotted met and discussed commercial reciprocity heifer. Information will be thankfully and declared as the sjnse of the meeting received by 4* in favor of re:iprocity convention of identification.
T
JOHN 6. ELLIOTT
Starke’s
Corners.
PERSONAL ATTENTION
CHARGEA MODERATE. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
TERMS REASONABLE
—O
PROPRIETOR.
SHAWVILLE.
J. GRAHAM
FRESH and CURED
THE MARKETS.
V
Lost or Strayed.
Farm For Sale.
MEATS
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 68 to 00c. Oats per bushel, 32 to 35c. Pease per bushel, 63 to 05c. Buckwheat, 40c. per bush. Eggs, per dozen, 13c.
Butter, per pound, 15 to 16c. Wool, per pound, 14 to 10c. Pelts, each, 40 to 65c.
Hides, *4.00 to *5.50.
Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each.
OTTAWA
Butter, print, 24c. per lb.
“ pails. 18 to 21c. per lb. Eggs, fresh, 25c. per doz. Potatoes, 70c. per bag.
Lamb, 6 to 9c. per lb.
Mutton, 5 to 8c. per lb.
Beef, 4 to 6c. per lb.
Pork. *6.50 to *7.50 per 100. Chickens, 45 to 60c. a pair. Oats, 42 to 43c. per bushel. Hay, *7.00 to *9.00 per ton. Wool, 13 to 14c. per lb.
The following farms arc offered for sale, Lots No. hand 9, on the Ilth range of Bristol, containing 150 acres, more or less, all cleared, except about 15 acres, and in n good state of cultivation, with good fences and buildings thereon, the latter supplied with water by wind mill power.
Also, southwest half of No. 10 on the 10th range of Bristol, the property of Samuel Moffett, containing 100 acres, all cleared, fairly well fenced and built upon.
Also 100 ocres hush lot situated in township of Aldtleld, about 20 acres of which am cleared
For terms and particulars regarding the above properties apply to.
Robert Moffett,
Rutledge P. O. Que.
^4
viz

RUBBERS
105. DCF AULT, Jr
of all kinds at
Bryson, Que
Wood Wanted.
THE SHAWVILLE
IV(eat Market
J. G. MoGUIBB,
Tamnany Hall Defeated
fi
KB
Tenders will he received addressed to the undersigned up to Friday the loth day of November next at 10 o'clock a. in. Probably never before has tie election ! for the delivery at Academy 30 cords of of a mayor of a city attracted each wide- j green hardwood Manic Birch or Beech spread inareit as the contest held in New two feet long to lie tp it ready for use and
Vo,k W.;. hi. «ui.hr ... “SSSSsS, SSVS&a» byti an exaggeration to say that throughout Qf January the balance of pine and all the the English-speaking world attention hardware to be delivered not later than
on the result of the por- 1st, February, 1902, cash on delivery.
H. LANG,
Sec. Treas,
SETH LOW ELECTED


0
A
V
StüBÎW
Proprietor.
With
you can stub your foot but you cannot stub the
rubber.
was rvited lentous struggle between morality and crime which found respective champions in the two men who were candidates for the chief magistracy of one of the largest n the woild. WhileShepxrd, thecandi date of Tammany, was personally above reproach in his private character, the hocus-pocus of events which placed this ex-reformer in the forefront of the battle as the representative of probably the most corrupt and immoral political machine that ever disgraced the government of a great city was among The features which lent interest to the
Shawvillc Oct. 26th. 1901
Fortunately the night was calm, otherwise, Mr. Wright’s residence and outbuildings might have shared the fate of the greenhouses, as the brigade was almost powerless to check the spread of the flames.
Mr. Wright’s lost will be a heavy ane, possibly *25,000.. He had no insurance.
Fatal Fir© at Aylmer
StjiB	will outwear two pairs
of common rubbers.
FOR SERVICE
cries
Shortly before midnight the extensive c* fi OL-nftP	I greenhouses of Mr. R. H. Wright, the
Mllv frwj is imitated by every Spark, street florin, which are situated
*	in Aylmer, were destroyed by fire. One
employe was burned to death. He was Charles Schiemann of McCarthy's Road . Jaueviile. The young fellow occupied special.y mantiiactuicd hope ( an- the same bed over the boilerhouse with a
vis, tho only fabric which can be named Henry Pranschke. Both were thoroughly impregnated with the I awakened by the excessive pressure of Para Gum.	^ gn 0 smoke in the apirtment. They could
Don't buy unless the word- StllD ffO^J "?« «peak and were therefore unable to
are stamped upon the sole of |d,rect each otber- 1 rancbke fe,t eround
each rubber. All others are frauds upon the public.
Pure-bred Yorkshire Hog. Service fee-81.00.
curious
rubber manufacturer, but your dealer knows the genuine from the imitation. No imitation hzs our
JAS. ARMSTRONG.
Green Lake
Li Hung Chang Dead
Wallaces Successor.
Woodbridge, Nov. 8 —It ii understood that T. F. Wallace, brother of the Hon. N. Wallace, w II be nominated at the West York Conservative convention to be held at Weston. Many Conservatives were anxious that Captain Tom Wallace, aon of the late member, should contest the constituency, but Captain Wallace has decided to forego hia claims to the nomination. It is understood that T. F. Wallace will be the only name seriously proposed at the convention, and that he will be made the Conservative candidate without division.
A meeting of the Dominion Cabinet was held on Ndv. 3rd, at which a general discussion took place on the sessional programme. It was agreed to call 1 artia ment together for the despatch of business on either Janusry 30th or February 6th, the earlier date being preferred if the departmental reports are ready. An effort will bo made to complete the bust-new of the twe Houses before Sir W llfred leaves for England the beginning of June.
cutest.	| Li Hung Chang, the great Chinese
Throughout the Un ted States and also statesman and diplomat, raid to be the in Canada the struggle was regarded as a richest man in the world, died on Nov. supreme conflict between the greatest or-1 7th, from ulceration of the stomach.
ganized body of	c	on
the one side that any city has ever known and organized civic reform backed by the press and the pulpit on the other.
The sympathies of every honest I Constantinople, Nov. 7.—The Porte citizen in rot on y the United States and has yielded still further to the French dc-Canada, but Great Britain as well, turned ! mands and has notified M. Bapst, coun-instinctively towards the organized moral j cillor of the French embassy, that autho-sentiment of Greater New York which j rity is granted Franco to rebuid or repair engaged in this momentous struggle with ; sixteen churches, convents and other organization which had fattened and institutions situated in different vil-grown wealthy and insolent as a patron j layets. and protector of vice and an abettor of the most hideous immorality.
The news that Mr. Seth Low has defeated the candidate of Tammany will be! Vancouver, B.C., Nov. 5.—Rev. E. C. learned with unbounded satisfaction and j McLaren, D. D., of St. Andrew’s Presby-the beneficial effects of tie success I terian church, in the course of a sermon of civic reform in this contest will be aimed at gambling and vice on Sunday, felt whereever similar, if leas important, j declared that if the city would appoint contest* are b lng'waged in the cause cf him as assistant chief of police without clean civic administration, —Ottawa1 salary he would accept the post and clear
I the city of gambling dens.
the walls till he located the door and got out. He heard the other groping around but he failed to gtt the opening and this morning a little hekp cf bones ly ing in the pi ice where the flames ragi was a 1 that marked a once h is tenet*.
The origin of the fire is a mystery, but it is supposed to have started at or near • he furnace situated in the centre of the green houses and used to heat them by a system of pipes. It had gained considerable headway when discovered. The structures were all built of frame work, which suppoited large areas of glass, and were an easy prey for the flames.
%The greenhouses were situated inside the town limits, near the toll-gate, on Main street. An alarm was promptly sounded, eni the Aylmer brigade was quckly on the scene. The water pressure, however, was low, and for the first fifteen minutée only one stream could be played.
Sultan Yields to France
LEATHER TOP StiÆ jWf
the best on the market. 6-inch, 9-inch and 13-inch tops, -with Rolled Edge and Heels. They are carried In stock, and your dealer can order them for ypu.
The J. D. KING CO., Ltd.
Have exclusive control of all
Oui
ed hottest
V
uman ex
S
An Insane Mother
SiuBjVwf
Rubbers
Milwaukee, Nov. 6.—An evening Wisconsin • pee ial from Barboon, Wis., says. At Merrimic last evening Mrs. Gorge Loe opened ajlarge stove door and thrust her baby into the fire in the presence of her husband and nurse. The baby was but three weeks old and was practically consumed before being got out. Mr,. Lee tried to kill another child three years sgo with hammer. She was in tho Mendota asylum for some time and was taken there again today.
an
Young Women Arrested.
Toronto, Nov.. 8.—Two young women, giving their names as Mabel Johns m, of Lindsay, and Myrtle Cottrell, of Orilla, were arressted last night by Detectives Forrest aud McGrath on a charge of theft. It is alleged that they have been renting rooms in boarding house», occupying them for a day or two, and then leaving wi h any valuable they could find.
Mr. W. P. McEwen, who has left Almonte to become County Court Clerk in Berth, and who has been joint editor and publisher of the Almonte Gazette, presented Monday evening in the council chamber by the citizens of the town with a solid silver tea service, and by the officers and directors of the North Lanerk Agricultural Society with an elaborate case of cutlery.
A Parson s Pluck
was
Citizen

I
###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
AUTUMN 1901
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Court Shawville,
No M6.
¦^î)1
I.OF
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUBLISHED EVERY THURSDAY
AT 6HAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION-$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE,
No paper stopped until all arrearages are paid, unless by special arrangement with the publisher.
County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Rooms.

Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
H. 8. Barnktt.F.8
A. SMILEY, Prop.
L.B.C
Our Stock is now complete in every Department.
J. A. Cowan, U 8
:o
John Ueckktt, C. Il
WINTER WANTS :
ADVERTISING RATES i
Legal advertising, eight cents per line for first Insertion and four cents per Une for each subsequent Insertion.
Business nards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at 94.0U per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate of five cents per line for first Insertion aud three ceuts lor subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or I The spot for— for longer periods Inserted at low rate», I which will be given on application.	|
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub- |tir ^ our Turn next
Obituary poetry lb
Hosiery and Underwear, Knitted Wool Goods, Men’s Furnishings,
Dress Goods and Silks, Ribbons and Trimmings, Cloakings and Mantle Cloths,
fiFfi HYNFS I Printed Flannels, W rapperettes Ue	Crashes, Towellings,
FURNITURE DEALER AND'Damasks nnd Napkins
Mercerized Linings, Linenettes.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjH S^ITIi, Proprietor.
s
Before placing your orders for winter supplies be sure and have a look over our new and complete stock nf
A Fashion a blb Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, ok A Ci.kan Shave.
Cutters Robes
9
11shed free of charge cents per line.
ree
*
JOB PRINTING
)
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
Blankets Rugs,
Bells
Whips, &e.
9
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
*
}
9
Business Cards.
UNDERTAKER,
SHAW VILLE, - - QUE.
#
MEDICAL*
1
Winter Clothing
In Boys’ and Men’s
DR. STACKHOUSE,
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Surgeon Dentist, SHAWVILLE - - QUE.
and Footwear
of all kinds We excel.
BEST GOODS.
LOWEST PRICES.
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of funeral Furnishings, ranging from the
F.M.A.McNaughtot|,BA,M.D.,C.M.
A. SMILEY.
The Best Assortment
The Largest StocK
r,	Every Facility given to Purchasers :
attendance. Open dav and night.	|	BEST PRICES !
BEST GOODS! BEST ATTENTION !
Graduate of McGill University,’
Office-Residence of the late Dr. H. If Knox, Shnwvillv.	¦¦¦!
°htot'uriiay'aftemoous' " ednesday ,ml | District anti COUntPy.
Several Ganancque merchants have been fined for selling cigarette* to minors.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M
and
Gold Weather Requisites :
F. T. M. C
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate
of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by | Hugh Coburn and fami'y of Pembroke examination of Trinity Mei College, Toronto. township have cone to reside at Ed mon Orne* AWD REHitiEsrc t J.H Armstronh's Hovsi, ton y j MAIN STREET - - 8HAWVILI.E.	|	’
Ladies’ and Gent’s Furs, Robes, Mitts, Moccasins, &c.
New Season’s Dried Fruits :
Selected Valencia Raisins, New Washed Currants, Choice Prunes, Fresh Turkey Figs.
of Goods may be seen at
Lteds county has 85 chccae factories within its boundaries.
» r t	There is an tinimic of lyphoij fever at
BOORBEAU RAINVILLE, L. L L, nockwUod».ytum,Ku»«.t
J. F. GRONAU’S
LEGAL
on
LADYSMITH,
who keeps all the staple lines of
Dry Goods, Clothing, Boots & Shoes, Groceries, Hardware, Crockery, Paints, Oils, Ac.
Rev. Win McDona’.d, B. D , was indicted last week as pastor of the congrégations of Hallvilld and Oegoode.
A plebiscite will be taken in Renfrew county in January on the question of the estabishieg a Hou e of Ii.dustry in that county.
For purchasing four dezen egg# on the market at 8.30 a.in., half an hour before the time etipu a’ed in the by-law, a Smith’s Falls man had to pay a tine and
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
G.F.HODGINS.
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Room 23, Trust Building. No. 43 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Khawvtlle, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
<Nïlce-over O. F. Hodglns’ Store, Main St.
P. S.—1 4-foot Wood Furnace, almost new, for sale at half price.
If you want the Best Goods at the Lowest Prices make your purchases at J. F. Gronau’s.
All kinds of Farm Produce taken in exchange.
BRISTOL COUNCIL
f\ Uf DIPUT costs amountiug io (8.50.	-	I RÎV. A. B. Heney, late of the diocese
Vl ILVe w« ft lUUrl If,	of Montietl, who has been curate in
Mr. J. R. Booth will erect a new fac- chsrge (f Christ Church, BellevilL, has	I ¦ ¦¦
tory at the Chaudtere, Ottawa, on the st t^e re iueet of the congregatiou being 4 Minutes ot regular session of the Mu site of the McKay flour	mill which was	appointed rector	n ici pal Council of the Township of Brie
destroyed b, fire.	It ie	..id	Mr .Booth	the Ott.w, Presbyteri.n n-.retiog	‘«I. ^Id in To.n Oall on Mond.y the	  .	,
A patriarchal buck, which has held	ceesion line road on lot 13, complains to
undisputed sway for several years among	the Council that the drain referred to
saga	m&mr—~~
faetorily.	_	Exchanges say that “Chatham	hie a	sncceeeful tfimroda who had to rely solely	30th day of June, 1903
¦ • VUE	niyaterioua young lady who lays m	wait	upon their eyes in forming an estimate	A petition signed by >>m Kilroy, and
for young, men at night, rushes upon of the avoirdupois of this antlered beauty, nine others, asking that no change be them unawsrei, hugs and kieses them Pontiac Advance.	made in the location t f the front road
and then escapes into the darkness.'* The rrt . , . . ...... across lot 2b range 1, as it wotddbc m-
railway fare to Chatham can be learn- The mineral production of Ontario for convenient to them, was laid before the
ed by applying at the nearest ticket nine months shows the most pheno- board. Leftover for further consider- Mopfii and reaolved, that Council ad- take hrn to Portage du Fort to see the ufjjCd	menai increases on rscord. The Ontario Ution.	iourn	young lady he knew. I would advise
I mines report for the past nine months Moved by Coun. Smiley, sec. by coun. J	v n	th se young men to start before dark
One of our bright farmers says he shows an aggrgate of $2,822,002, compar | Ireland, and resolved, that the Special A W. Mt Kk hnïk.	. ,< x A « next time,
tried an experiment last spring when ©d with $2,541,131 for the whole of last Supt. of roads be instructed to locate the hoc y-lrcasurer.	mayor
planting pstatoea. lie sprinkled a tea- year Qr a proportionate increase of 48 per road on the sixth concession across lot spoonful of fine salt in each hill, and he cent, being the highest production yet 20, and that all the parties interested are reports that all summer the tops were	reached in the province.	satisfied with the location, that the road
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County green and vigorous, while the bugs didn’t	The heaviest increase in iron ore, which	be so established.	.
Pontiac. Sales conducted In a business-like	molest the plants. Try it yourself	next	roee from $111,805 in 1900 to $224.540	Moved by Coun. Smiley, sec. by Coun.	The farmers are through plowing in
and satisfactory manner.	Goods or articles	y^aP	for the first nine months 1901 ; pig iron	Taber, and resolved, that the Council	this vicinity.	.
####:#	E§|gE||	ggjfes.w
-------- HOTELS.	bV,rLPe"°ond "eAmnl? 6wiinilbe tedinfopigir0n °f whlch 92-168 tm,, Qour. Morrii, and re.olved, lhit Spec.- Mil» Aggie Telford is visiting friends The members of Prospect Lodge I. O.
s*- •	• • i™*—ittia. «**«-. v. - ssssrsc:
The body of Mr. P. 8. Soule, an Al-	TT ozx ^	can be made upon that part of the line week visiting friends in Shaw ville.	recitations, etc. Refreshments will be
mote man, was	found floating in the Gained	260 lbs. in	30 days	at a reasonable cost, and if	not have the	Mr. and Mrs. W m. hniart and Mrs.	8erved during the evening.	Come one
river at Utica,	N. Y., on Sunday of last	- road located around the	hill as much	B. Smart spent Wednesday and lliurs-	(;ome &R »	Pansey	and Violet.
week. There was a heavy clothes line	hoffman startid at 140np «dnds and now	m possible by going in on lot four. Com-	day of last week in Renfrew,
tied about the body and a severe	w*ions 400.	plaint was inadeby W. Reid that the water	Miss B. Quinn	is	sp.ndirtg
——	wr a dammed back on the road on lot 13 with her parents.
___ Whitehouse, N. J. Nov. 7.—Charles range 8 ; also a letter read from Road Mr. and Mrs. Thus. Prendergast, of
found to be badly I Hoffman, a	farmer	living	near Cukes-	inspector R. McCaffery,	stating that	Radford, spent Saturday afternoon the
? La» m*n ha/i I h»rv wniuhpil onlv	140 oounds thir! v	I ih» fwmv * nn lot 13 rature	7 were nut on	guests of Mr. Slid Mrs. Sil is Young
Rev. Mr. Carey, of Toronto, was here last week the guest of Rev. Mr
advocate, BARRISTER, AC-,
OF THE PROVINCE OK QUEBEC,
Tgost Buij^g*ark3 street, Ottawa
Phone No. 1324
At Skawville 3rd Thursday each month. !
At request attends Courts in District of and the name of the corps is shortly Pontiac. Prompt collections and inline-11 > be changed to that of the Duke of diate remittances. Special attention to | qu1i1wah aud Yoik Rifles.
Rifles and Guns.
W. W. IRELAND,
McDOUCALL & CUZNER,
8HAWVILLE
HARDWARE MERCHANTS
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
9
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,
NOTARY FOR THE
N0MAgr^ANNANDoHAVINOa MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
¦¦ QUB.
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and Sat urday of every week.
BRYSON, -
Our cheese maker, Mr. Jesse Williams, ipanied by Mrs. Williams, left lash week for Spring Brook, where they intend to spend the winter months. On
the eve of their departure the members of Prospect Lodge I.O.G.T., of which Order both were members, gave a sup-
Mr. and Mrs.
accom
STARK'S CORNER NOTES
J. J. TURNER,
St. Lawrence Hall,
Mrs C M» McLean,
Proprietress.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar always well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
î
a few days
To Set Aside a Will
rope
bruise on the right arm, which bears evidence of foul play. The body when
carried ashore was --------- B ----------$.	,	,
decomposed, showing that the man had bury, weighed only 140 pounds thirty i the fences on lot 13 range 7 were out on b en in the water for several weeks. A days ago. He now weighs 400 pounds I the road. Left over for further ooneider-lotter found within the clothing furnish- and is gaining at the rata of four to six atvm. ed a olue to the identification of the pounds a day.	1
Toronto, Nov. 7 —On behalf of the children of the late Benjamine God bold, who died on June 10 last, leaving an ea tate worth $17,000, the eurrogate court is being asked to set aside the will of their father on the ground that he was incompetent from old age and under the influence of spiritualism and mesmerism when he disposed of his property. The request is opposed by Sylvester Godbold, another son. who is sole executor.
i
1
I Moved by Coun. Taber, sec. by Bonn. Rogers’	______
Hoffman is new unable to move even Henderson, and resolved, that James Rev. Mr. Ireland conducted tho ser hm hands, and he lies on his back con- Telford be paid $2 for cedars for culvert, vice in St. Albans church Sunday
The Smith’. World aavs there was M | tinually. He is .ixty-five year, old, and .md .evenly five cent, for repairing a I nwhc
until about a month ago, when aide line road northward thirty feit fur- I hursday evening an 1 on the way out dropsy set in and he began to gain in iher wesson to lot ten, be and is hereby the horse took iiight and ran away, weight, at 6rst slowly but now rapidly. recinded, and that the road be a!- One said to the other, I think I will reDr Alpauph, of Highbridge, who is |owed to remain on the side-line between mam at the Corner for there is a young attending him, says be cant live much *&id jots ten and eleven.	hidy 1 know here. The other young
longer.	| Moved by Coun. Smiley, sec. by Conn, man hired another horse and driver t*>
PRACTICAL WATCHMAKER I victim
and

W. Jt Simmons, of Simmons,Que.,

EBEP»
A SELECT 8T0CE OF
WATCHES,
CLOCKS.
JEWELLERY,
SILVERWARE
Ac. kc.

m
er./

Sir Charles and Lady Tupoer arrived from England last week. They intend residing in Winnipeg thia winter.
The anniversary of the burning of Kingston, N. Y., by the British, waa observed with much ceremony last Wed net* day and Thursday.
yt v v
own» it
in the Dominion Parliament; Scott is the representative. Davin married Misa Reid, of Ottawa ; Scott married Miss Reid, of Smith's Falla. Though ihe circumstances of their lives were similar, wc hope the circumstances of
SHAWVILLE, Q. iheir de*th wiU be diff,rent-
now
$ <L •' V

Repairing—
A SpKCIALITT
###PAGE###6###

Wfr"
%





< • * •> * ?> c v > > * * * :* :* * * •:• *?>*

noun, where ho lodged, he gave the Ÿ	name, and called himself n nn-
V	Uvo ot Gaen, in Normandy. In Uor-X ^oaux ho only stayed one night ;
thence went on through to Paris.
11,0 hotel he had selected there little better than a in Ison moublce i •*. but it was quiet, and out of the way
V	of English visitors.
Ÿ It was situated at tho end of the X Quul Voltaire, not far from the • Valais do Justice.
Sir Richard had particular
...*.......- — FFf
ter s dowry to pay his gambling	‘ *11 1 *1	‘1	1	ultul 11 ou. ' afl lt	turc, one who in speaking to
debts. Surtees is suspected of the	would	certainly	be by the papers.	once gave you his whole undivided
theft. A search-warrant is taken	11	raise the suspicions	attention, looking keenly at you
out against him. Some Portuguese	ot 1 llV	nlarquis	and his confederates,	with his bright, inquisitive
bonds answering to tlesciiption of I*,10 11 vs 1 step, then, was to get to though missing securities are found in his Paris unobserved, lie had no means thoughts
possession. Ho is convicted and sen- of Knowing whether or not any "Well, sir," said M. Acme, when teneed to seven years penal servi-	watch	had been	set on his move#-	sir Richard was introduced. They
tudd. Mrs. Waldo misses some pa-	monts,	but he	did not much care,	wore old friends, but Daunt s diti-
pe-s and accuses Josephine of the His plan was to leave tho Albany in |guise was impenetrable. "In theft. Sir Richard Daunt, in loVc broad daylight, but not for any of can 1 be of service to you ?"
with	Marquis	w h^h booked |	' i im vo called to give some inde Ojo Verde to whom Hob lost his direct for Paris.	| formation, and to ask for soma 1 Colonel William's column has been Rome wagons which formed part of picturesque sight, tho time being onê
money and a detective to watch He meant to travel by n more eir- have reason to think that a cVimc doing g\nnt work of late in (ho the convoy of Commandants Pot- “ in., and there being u bright moon, him.	~	cuitous route.	ha*3 been committed, followed bv a Transvaal and Orange River Colony, gietors and Vcrmus. The attack Tho Doors were completely taken by
One fine morning in Juno lie left	[failure of justice in	tho	conviction of	In ten days	lie captured some sixty	took place	at the end of a rapid	surprise. Tho first thing they heard
his chambers dressed in frock-coat	nn innocent man."	wagons, and	about the same number	night march	of fifteen miles, and was	of the proximity of Colonel Williams’
Next day Daunt sent for Mr.	and tft11 hat- aml	to breakfast	i "Hercx in France	?"	of prisoners.	The accompanying il-	delivered by	a company of tho "1st	troops was their cheers as they
Haggle. '	at .1,10 Athenaeum. The road ho |	' No. in England then teeing M. lustration represents the capture of Mounted Infantry. It was n very «truck tho convoy.
The confidential agent	was	full of	*?°,k along Piccadilly ami down	Acme shrug his shoulders	ns if he	“	“	"
apologies and excuses.	Waterloo P ace, lwice on route lie	did not much care to distress
I had hoped before	this	to	give	baited, suddenly turned round, and	hClf with matters foreign to	his own
¦ ¦I	| he	^traced his steps a few dozen yards i	country, "but some of tho	persons
On both occasions he detected the implicated are French people ; one same individual following him. who, resides here, in Paris 1 believe, and when he turned back, turned back

*
m


HIS


A
M
*
The Untimely End of
Joseph Dovaa.




*>
m
V
fi
ILL-GOTTEN
WEALTH.
m
?
I)
was
u\
V
ÈU
•%

\
V
V
•>
n
M
iÆ
•>
V
y,
<•


M
%

:

?
Vj
8
•>•>

* -
A
u
reasons
ri
7
7

/e-
BYNCPS13 OF
c 11 a r i Eus HHl
m

m
I
X
m
'M

the
%
c^
&


z

K

t




%


iss

m

3
e
«
%
fM
s

a

/
i
y
y,
^ y ! U/l Ig
mé
té?, ' il

y
Zi


i
» /*\
I

z
K
&
h
i


W
l^r
A
VO


/


V
m.

»
-


Mi
#1
eyes, ns your inmost
*
to rend

t

*

i
i

%
z
—* i
Z
v
Z
whnt
A NIC»UT ATTACK ON A ltOKll CONVOY UY MOUNTED INFANTRY
A COMPLETE SURPIMSI
CHAPTER XX
him
GCTOPDS AND ITS WATS.
they tiro there is hordes. They have not attacked man back as they were attacked they have rendered man helpless and almost ruined tho one mode of live* lihood left to him in those waters.
BECAME A PLAGUE.
And tho chef proceeded to explain to M. Jobard whet it was ho was wanted to do.
Daunt and the detective then left the Valais together, the latter promising to call at the Hotel Twienne within a day or two at the latest.
(To Do Continued).
except to light
you some news of Mr. Surtees began.
But
THOSE HORRIBLE MONSTERS
OF THE DEEP.
"It's not necessary, thank you
replied Daunt, coldly
will be hero this afternoon. 1 have seen him constantly this last week."
"Can it be possible ? How can he have escaped us, 1 wonder ?"
"Much in the some way as the Marquis de Oio Verde has, since 1 commissioned you to inquire about him."
it is to unearth her I ask your sistnneo."
Mr. Surtees
as
too
"They ore watching said Daunt to himself this fellow n fine dance odd if I don't give him the slip and lie went on to his club.
mo, then," "I'll lead It will he
Live in the Graves c.f tho Ocean —Fish Flee Before Them in
Terror.
Monsieur is
French ?" asked
Acme.
Sir Richard, in answer, pointed to the card bearing the name of Joliau.
There he secured a table near the right to claim our assistance, before window having a full command of 1 can make any answer to your re-Watcrloo Place and part of Pall quest."
The octopl in ado their rrst appe^. a nee In the autumn of 1809
¦ Il I ^ I ¦ Jl	I I I	They
Probably never since Last Island,	did not conic gradually. Suddenly
in tho Gulf of Mexico, was swept	ono day tho sea around Sark,
away, forty-live years ago, by such a	! Guernsey and Hcrm, was full of
hurricane as destroyed Galveston,	them. Fleeing from some imaginable
and for many months afterwards the	horror of their doop sen habitant
One of	the	most picturesque	groups	Wiermen of Barataria and Atcha-	that, whatever it was, was mighty
the	coronation of	King	Edward	*alaya dared not go to fish because	and frightening enough to frighten
VII will bo that of the peeresses in	tlu‘ir	nets caught dead bodies every-	even them,	school after school of
their own right Tlicv will be	pro-	w,lcre» has a fishery been laid pros-	them camo	swimming toward shore,
sent at tho ceremony, however,	not	‘«to	so strangely as have tho fish-	Within a	week they were a menace,
ns a right but only bv courtesy	ones	of tho north 1 reach coast in	for the fish	fled before them. Within
mmmmm
hml a flaming row, not the first It : underground Metropolitan line. by lion, and his Christian name, Leon; be adopted.	I if ,n« » TL	A n,ighly lasting this has bee:
appears, but yesterday things enme which he	travelled	as	far	as	Cower	and tho fact	that he tire a gouchc.	Tin re are but ten living women of	poradinir their Xred mx steries	fnd }*\ The ,ood	f,eh tllat "av,
to n crisis. 1 anchette Was out when Street.	or drugs his	left leg. a sure mark of	English descent who hold titles in-	£or mLre having nimie the m2	f" des1^ioyod s¦»«	Is0» arc count,
she.wns wanted ; Mrs. Waldo slanged | On emerging into	the	Huston Hoad	an old galley-slave."	honied or created for them. The	p„s, âs if she had become hor^iM	? “* “‘‘.'iT'.n J'	thero iB, “°>hcr
hoi the Fienclii.oinan ga\c it to her he looked round, and, seeing nothing	is not enough ; his signalement most venerable of these is the Baron- ilt her own handiwork banished tho ft!aslmg that tllc human mind, hap-
ii*e***
of coins® , but what will she do, 1 It wax now little more than one and no one can escape it for long, of the Poor. On the day of tho , } ,om ^aP°	,a Hague to the or float, or dnft, or walk. I.ach
wonder, now ? said Daunt, musing o'clock.	What do you	say this woman Fan-	Queen's Jubilee a vast procession of	Channel. Elands no net can be cast	bulbous, tentacled	thing spurts
oum the announcement.	"Tummond	ought to be here by	chette intended to do?’*	the lame	and	blind, orphans	and	now without the sea	nightmares	water fi om its mouth and so darts
Helenas maid says that Ian-	this train," was Sir Richard's	soldo-	"Her own follow-servants declare	needy folk	who	lived on the bounty	c^awling into it at onco	to strip it	backwards with incredible swiftness
x-vxA'a.Tirjs
go . ogtt#ici n good Lit of	money ,	the* half-past	one express, and	bo ot	geric, or tho business of a coiflour,	t ftid homage to	her by music	and	1 mt coast» and every	tide brings	ll]K nnd vient with an evil hfc of
end she thinks of buying a	business	Liverpool in	time for dinner.	Ha i	but there may be a thousand such	cheers	contorted forms with arms writhing	Hs own stream in tho current. Two
for herself in the millinery, or lin- there he is," and Sir Richard went in Paris, and it may not be easy to The Countess of Yarborough now a? if Î1) deudly aK°ny. In pools immense eyes, unlike those of any gene, or hair-dressing line.	I up to where the faithful servitor was j find out her new address."	I holds in her own right the barony of ? ong the const thc/ be, somo dy- creature that over was, flat as tho
v must follow her anu find out standing with a small collection of "Wo have ways and means. In the Convcrs which has been in her fam- Vs: ot lers ,ul1 ot lifc antl whipping ghastly face pieces that arc fitted in
IMfedmiPsiiii ww**
t0	lim	'1 then came on here by Chalk Farm." i foro	wo do that, lot us think for ono of the ton women of Fmrlich	provcd caskets indeed to ships In-	but those	serpent i no, murderous
Were you followed, do you one	moment what she would pro-	descent who	ire noeresses \n their	nunicrab,o along tho curve that	*rms, those	dead eyes, those soit,
think ?"	__ bably prefer. The cremerie. I think, own rkrht is odd!v e^ugh nn An^r- ,r1?,arks ,tb2 1T°'foot dePth lo tho	bagf 4 hat ar?
"There was a chap saw me getting we may leave out of the question." jrn., tho dmurliter of n New York 5 hanncl Islands. Of those Channel (hen bodies still arc not tho worst
into the cab who came up and spoke "But why ?"	• n^rrhnnt Sho is the wife of it ï?lands onc is Sark-the island of of the octopus^ Far from appalling.
, me. Wanted to know where Ma- "It would not be in her line. A v0n Waldersco reccnTlT commande	devil-fish, describftl by unnerving is this : The aspect of tho
.1 I.	I BBand it Jor Smith lived—the gentleman you i lady's-maid would not care to mix I .	fnvrnQ in rhinn Tn, bim ln J ho Toilers of tho Sen." mt nstci is that of a hung creature
convinces me, m the first place, that know, sir, ns has X22 ; asked me, herself up with the sale of food. I 5. ^ J ‘f * ^ IS	Sark’s marine caves, in one of which without a soul. Here arc motion
the fellow is not ti hat he pretends ; too. if I was going to the country. I doubt very much whether she would I	^ PHn^ l pnl? ti he laid his 8ccnc of lhc famous fight and intelligence and action and fear;
and	in the second,	that	he	is	a mov-	l said my master was going down take	to lingerie ; it is an intricate	V1® 1 V®?fe i1	J?,? . IItr	between the octopus and his hero,	but they belong to a thing from an-
Jng	sP'nt	in	the whole	villainy.	But	into Hertfordshire for a bit, and I ; business that requires somo special	% busbond	was the uncle of thc	now contain, not onc, but herds of	other world.	No other living croa-
wo must know more about him, and | was to meet him there with the lug- training. Now tho hairdressing is t,crmnn impress.	|the gray things, "brooding in the tur<> looks like» that ; no other in*
ror„\lnt 1 rcl_y on yo^i "	gage."	dilTercnt. It	is part of the lady’s-1	_	abyss."	spires	such	dread	and repugnance.
\liat can I do ? You know you "Capital, Tummond ; that throws ! maid's daily work."	°	They are not such monsters as ho
ia\«* only to tell me."	them completely	of! the	scent.	But	"But are not coiffeurs	in Paris al-	jn	tuc	province	of	Verona	in Italv	dcscribod.	Fow	of them arc	larger	in
Vou must replace me in keeping here is my train. Mind, I must have ! ways men ?"	B 800 people were victims last vear ,ho body than a man’s head, and
-K	a	s	^ as- szztjss.
nfUI ini1, anf We Ciinn°t ti list Hag- When the 6.30 train reached Liver- ploy male assistants. Yes ; 1 think |	_ *s ^r°m ten to twenty pounds. But
and Horry any more. Besides, , pool a very different person descended ! we will first exhaust that lino of 1,1 11 s caa got about again, I from the carriage into which Sir inquiry. Let me see, in whose hands • a	I start	for Ians/	Richard	Daunt had entered. Instead shall I put it ?	Jobard ?	Yes,	Jo-
1	ans t	After Fanclicttc, I	sup-	of the	young baronet, with his j bard will do," and, touching his	bell,
slight, active figure, this was a per- j the chef summoned that subordinate l H-cisrly. I know my Paris ; Ï son inclined to corpulence, who walk- to his presence. "You wish, 1 prespeak Trench fluently, ami, ed with the staid, ponderous step of sumc, to preserve your Incognito ?" thanks to my legal course there, I ! middle age. He wore a trim-	1 ¦ ¦	I Wm
imi	î° tl,e magistracy middle age. He wore trim-cut whis-| i think so ; it will give me a bet*	f ”	1 refer Cure. It	will	be	kors, and not the light brown beard ter chance with	Fanchotto	if wc	find
od<	if I do	not come upon	her tri	of Sir	Richard Daunt. His hair |her."
awkwardly, but with evident anxiety	neck a rather	crumpled	white	tie.	long, I shall	take an	apartment, I lemPcralure’	and	thc	resuIts	are	often suddenly	fatal.	It	is	a common	experience	with	farmers,
• ephine would like— I moan	she	Hi gold-rin mod	spoctu	, ii eased	provided you	can recommend me
W^î*Cÿ	^	, the solemnity of his grave face, and igood, safe servant."
• »o on. my dear Bob. You know, his whole appearance was that of a or ought t o know, that. I am abso- ; Dissenting minister who had lately at her and your disposal." rather a foreign look from a long We are thinking of breaking up course of Continental travel, cur little establishment in Pimlico v am
tour, and Josephine is anxious move to Chatham."
"To Chatham ?"
IN THE IB OWN RIGHT
Peeresses Will Be Admitted to the Coronation Ceremonies.
"Pardon me. Sir Richard, we have ¦	I
had our eye on the Marquis for some Mall. As he calmly discussed his 1 think we have met before, M. time past, but there was really no- breakfast lie saw the spy, a shabbily-i Acme !" and then, with a laugh at thing to tell you. He lends the life	diessed, seedy gentleman in a suit of	the Frenchman's evident astonish-
of a gentleman of fashion between	,llsEv black,	hovering about between	ment, Daunt	hastily removed his
his chambers, his Mends' mansions.	l|lv Arcade	under Her Majesty's	grey wig and	his golcl-rimmcsf spec-
ami his club, the J mior Belgrave."	Thjutrc and	the cornet* of Waterloo	tacles, saying,	I have imposed upon
"Ah. 1 have hcairt of it." said ! Ulace.	one of the shrewdest policiers
at
in
When he had finished his breakfast Europe
messenger to hi* cash for a cheque Acme,
his purse laughing then, but- caught ;
Daunt, drily. "Does he go there, 1 wonder, in disguise, ns 1 saw him be sent a trusty yesterday in Seven Dials ?"	bankers and got
"Tho	Marquis in Severn Dials ! tor £500. Daunt filled
Oh, Sir Richard, you aro joking, Wlth * he notes and gold surely, or you must be strangely mis- toning up his coat, sallied forth taken
Sir Richard Daunt !" cried M. springing to his feet, and heartily
now
to their hidden home in the ocean
"Not a bit of it. My watch the fellow is evidently better yours. That was what 1 wanted to tell you. I shall not require assistance any longer missed the agent summarily
brimful of nows
ary, Rob.'

Then Daunt passed on to describe wlmt had occurred the day before.
“1 suppose it was the Marquis ? ' said Bob.
“1 have not the slightest doubt of to it myself," replied Daunt
Of the 164,000 foreigners who reside in Paris, 45,000 are Belgian, 11,000 British.
gic
Cold Settles on the Kidneys.
pose ?
can
Doep seated Kidney Disease Often the Result of a Neglected Cold—Then
Come Great Sufferings From Lumbago and Backache.
he went on to Daunt
teamsters, railroad men and laborers to have a cold settle on the kidneys and throw these organs, as well as the who e digestive system, out of order. There is usually backache, pains in the sides and limbs, deposits in the urine, pain and scalding with urination and irregularity of the bowels#
We will see about that by-and-got by ; but here is Jobard."
And as M. Acme spoke the door HHHHI I M L	opened and gave admission to a tall,
'thus diSguisixl, Sir Richard Daunt	well-dressed,	middle-aged	man,	with
0,1 n ,ni f	provincial	drove to the Stork Hotel. He so-	j a	pleasing	countenance	and	a	milita cured n room there, giving the name ' tary |	¦
of Jolinu, and an address in Paris. '
„v I 1	,	Xcxt morning he embarked on board to his subordinate
it s ; the	dear dad	is to be trans-	onc of the Pacific steamers, and a
ferred	to	that prison,	and	Josephine	couple of days later landed at Boris anxious W ».« ne«u* him es denux.__________ _______
Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills
11 , i («««i many thousands of cases of serious kidney disease have been cured by Dr. Chase’s Kidney Liver said the chef Pills that they have come to be considered an absolute cure for all kidney derangements. They are purely
sss-s àü ««	aarsjs
matter is secret and of the utmost obtainable or diseases of the kidneys and liver. One pill a dose ; 35 cents a box ; at all dealers or
In the book» c? the Hotel Gobi- ! importance.M	I fidmanson, Bates & Co., Toronto.
air
This is M Joliau
AioseiU*. "
f

	


i
	
###PAGE###7###
1
iHMTAlBINfl RÜÏALÏf
and between seventy and eighty live# were lost. One might fancy fate dealt a killing blow in that event, but no ! there is another Tay Bridge to-day in almost exactly the same
'I III) natural difficulties to over- Takes & Lot of Money to Enter come In the construction of the U- tain the Czar.—Persia’s gandtt Railway in British East Af-	Shah Is Costly,
rica wore stupendous, and were only
mastered by the sheer dogged now of The Czar is the most costly of ai the British engineers engaged in the Royal personages to entertain, an< work. But, bad as these troubles perhaps it is ns well for Britain s were, they were puny compared with Exchequer that he does» t often i un the obstructions of the natives. The over there for the week-end. <>n engineers and contractors, from the1 Croat Britain s visiting-list, first day to the last, were hampered most ejepunsive caller is the Shall , by them, and a continuous warfare ,l,,d the cheapest, the Kmg of Hay-waged all along the line.	"ut nobody gets olT a Royal visit
Now the ordinary British navvy for less than $100,000. will dig out from eight to ten cubic That is a very mild estimate cue yards of earth daily The engineers' pareil with I* ranees l.tAk bill lu* estimates were based on those figures month for entertaining the /-n a believing that black labor would Dunkirk. France has got her olh-show the some output. Over 000 ciul estimates out, but they are no blacks were employed for the dig- quite meeting the case. First of u 11, ging. and it was computed that over Cirre were the special ni«;ss»*ngeï s o
7,000 cubic yards of earth would be 80,1(1 'v_iL ‘ */ ,e !nvlLu1tlon' u,lf . removed daily.	cost *5.000 alone, bv wiur of an
ONE LIFE TOll EVERY RAILWAY	'^big ,curry, and *00.000
SLLEI ER.	spent in making Dunkirk—which is
At the end of the first month, in- not an over-clean town—tidy enough stead of the total output represent- for the Czar to see, besides an order ing some 1110,000 cubic yards it for *10,000 worth of new electrio sLood at about 50,000. The blocks light fittings, to make fiery crowns would not work, their total output and things with at night. This is per day not being more than about Government business, quite apart 1,600 yards. The staff of laborers from the public's own decorations, was doubled, more blacks from other Then another *50,000 for triumphal regions being introduced. But this arches, and an item of *5,000 for gathering of the black clans led to flags, which are always expensive, pitched fights and ever recurrent Then there are 5,000 picked troops battles throughout all hours of the to get ready, besides the regular reday, interfering with the progress of view, besides the Czar is a good the work.	deal of a soldier himself, and takes
Dynamite was used for blasting an interest in them. They have been purposes. One day one of the nig- specially trained and quartered for gers hit a piece with a hammer, with over six weeks, at an extra cost ol the result that some ninety blacks *100,000, and the twenty-five mili-were killed and wounded. But that tury bands are put down in the ea-accidont brought about the sal va- timate, for mere food and extra ox-tion of the railway. The engineers penses alone, at $10,000. They will terrified the army of black laborers have to blow hard to earn their liv-into the belief that the noise they ing. for altogether they are billed at heard was the voice of one of their a total of *110,000. pet fetish gods, who was displeased Then there is a naval review to bo with the men for not working hard, held in the Roads for the Czar to There is a twenty-nine mile stretch look at, and this will cost $250,000 of railway running thiough the Cro- above ordinary expenses] codile valley in South Africa, which, run into *100,000 for coal alone, in the process of construction, ofTer- included in the above total, ed every possible obstruction, not in The guns that will boom for the a natural sense, but raised by Fate. Czar are billed to burn b-k>,<)00 The engineers had to fight a deadly worth of powder. Extra police ur-fever which runs riot in that par- rangements /some to *40,000, besides ticular spot. It laid up everybody, secret precautions and Russia’s own and when the last mile was finished agency. Alongside all this the cost it was found that no fewer than 300 of feeding and housing the C.iar and lives had been sacrificed.	his suiie-$50,000-»ecms quite small
In Colombo is another railway by comparison. The remaining *40,-noted for the trouble it gave to its COO goes in sundries, and the
msr s/zs
structive operations. This fatal ca* *** her a pretty penny when lie ualty list was swelled in many ways, K°C9 there. Hem g able to make
®Mrs.tar ......................H;BIr ~ E
last time for two weeks for $10.000, including housing and attendance, lie brought about 20 attendants with him, and Britain gave him a review, which went down in the hill at *30,000, and a naval display—a total of *40,000.
little flax «ml jelly or old process linseed meal
ways be fed at tho temperature of new milk. Scald tho pails each day. Keep the calf warm and dry. using plenty of bedding. The addition of a little wheat flour to the milk is useful to stop scouring.
< ***** $^,***********<»ÿ*

CAKES
t
Tho milk should ul-
•*.
.*
:
Ak	Cal la Lilies—Use dough made for
^ any good sponge cake. Throe eggs and l cup sugar beaten together, 1 Ak cup Hour, 1 teaspoon cream tartar, | teaspoon soda sifted through the Hour, t teaspoon milk, 1 teaspoon yfc I flavoring and t of salt. Drop the mixture, a tablespoon at a time, into a dripping pan, leaving room for them to expand, and slightly hake.
.If overdone, they will break when y«**g mother# and tho old ogee, forminR tho Cftko8 lnto cal la lilies
for that matter have so groat a rfr Thfigc nro mn(lo by folding while hot
,por.slblllty that it Is Impossible to in(o cornucopias ami fastening with ,nonm.ro It	If they only could or L toolhplck	wm flnd |t easier to
would acquire a right understanding wlnd string around them, remove at the start, mud. trouble and anxl- |t when the cakes orc cold, and till cty for themselves would be uvo.dcd, wRh wh| , croam, sweetened and and the child would have a happier 1 and healthier existence
| ON THE FARM, 1
< ?> < *X ' < v «> < ?> * % •> •> *X* ••• *••••' •••
DAIRY GLEANINGS.
It is not always tho man with the biggest herd of cows who clears the most money from his dairy, writes Dr. G
Gilt-edged butter is more to bo desired on tho average consumer’s plate than any delicacy of the sea-
LITTLE VISITS THAT COST
MILLIONS.
HOME
%
u
*
)G* **********
?
HOW THEY ORIGINATED.
WIIRN T1IE CHILD 19 YOUNG. In the training of young babies,
Once Upon a Time Frenchmen Were
Germans.
Tho name of Franco was derived from the Franc!, or Franks, n people of Germany, who seized that part of the country nearest the Rhino and settled there. Later un, they subdued Fans and made that tho royal scat of their increasing Empire
Tho origin of other geographical names is interesting and will servo to enlighten us when we read of, for instance, Hibernia for Ireland. Ill» bornia is suld ho bo derived from a Phoenician word manning "farthest habitation," there being no country known to them west of Erin.
Portugal obtained its name from Porto, the lmvcn or port where the Gauls landed their stores. This is Oporto, called by tho Portuguese O Porto (the port). Tho town was given as a dowry to Teresa when she married Henry do Lorraine, who styled himself Earl of Portugal, because the pince was known ns the portus Gallorum, the Port of the Gauls. The name was finally extended to the whole fount I»v
Russia took its denomination from tho Rossi or Russi, a people of the south of .Russia, who possessed themselves of the country in the declining days of the Greek Empire. Being the predominant inhabitants, they imposed their name on all rest. We see till is same thing being done by the Russians at the present
dav.
E. Nowell

tho
son
The reason that some farmers never extract the latent gold in dairy cows Is that they persist in looking to the grain and corn fields for it. Tho dairy woman who churns before sun up" in tho morning often makes firm-grained butter without the use of ice.
It is a curious fact and yet true, that some of tho most profitable moments anyone engaged In dairying can spend are in repeated washing of tho hands.
It is a parody on cleanliness to try to strain filth out of milk, when it might have been obviated by the exercise of tho most ordinary precautions.
Those people who consider milking irksome will never make good dairymen.
While it pays to raise hogs in conjunction with the dairy, it never has or never will pay the manufactory to keep tho swine quartered near a cheese factoiy or creamery.
In the writer's experience, the average man cannot milk more than ten cows with profit at one sitting. The reason is that tired muscles cannot extract tho milk from tho udder with proper facility. Moral: Do not hug the delusion that you are economizing when you throw a largo amount of work onto your milkers.
Now and then we run across people who can ho taught nothing more in regard to dairying variably tho ones who are not making more than two-thirds possible profits out of the business.
Tho woman who can moke good butter once a week, is to be commended. but the ono who can make it uniformly good every day in tho week need look no further for a profitable vocation.
Some consumers like butter salted than others, and the wise pro-
flavored When ready to serve, arrange them on a platter with cal la lily leaves.
Pond Lily Cuke-One and one-half
cups sugar, and 1 cup butter, heat to
a cream, 1 cup milk, whites 5 eggs,
whipped stiff, and 2 teaspoons bnk-
,	, - ing powder sifted in 1 § pts Hour,
violently from hunger, unless It be	wlth oxtrnct of peach and
..oar Me feeding time, and. as a care- mRC	Bako in two pp0ngo tins, and
jful mother will train her child to wh(en (1()nc put together with the
-55."	™ 3rM
really hungry. In most Instances with clcQr king, working a pond the infant s cry of distress is given	' jn	th#	c<mtre with the	icing,
because n pm Is pricking his flesh, or	^U(J	Uo8(J Cako_()nc cup	butter, 14
because he is too cold or too warm. Ip, PUgur. whites 5 eggs, 1# pt« or Is. in fact, ill. It tho t rouble do ^ teaspoons baking powder arises from either of these causes. I, l milk Flavor with straw-how useless It Is to rush for the L linll rose. Bake in jelly tins, nursing bottle or to attempt K> ftfld when done lay tho two cakes to-feed tho suffering child in tho way lh(,r with p$nk king between and provided by nature. At best such a the Hamc on top. Pink sugar may procedure can only temporarily quiet hc URftd for thIg lf onc docs not like the child, who will renew his "lffn*s(niV. berry extract, of distress within n few moments. Ponch rii()g£oin Cake—Onc cup pul-Tho proper way Is to search for the vcrizcd 8Ugarf 4 cup butter, stir to a real cause of the trouble, and re- crcain 4 cup milk, beaten whites of move it. so that the little one may	thrc0	fl	nnd 3 cup flour	in which 2
bo relieved of Ills sufferings. Unfor-	touspoons	baking powder	have been
tunately, tho child cannot speak to sifted Stir in 4 teaspoon corn-toll tho causes of his woes. If R gtarc|j and flavor with peach ex-could It would many times rebuke tract pftko jn a moderately hot the parent for feeding it when it ovcn ' The mixture can bo made ln-simply wants to be relieved from the LQ a laycr cako |f preferred. Ice the torture of a pin prick or tho pain of top wit‘h pink frosting, and sprinkle
a colic.	I with cocoa nut,.
A watchful mother may soon
to know the cries of her infant.
There is the loud yell in which the
baby exercises his lungs. This may
easily be distinguished from the cry
which Indicates frotfulnoss, or the
which is i. sign of acute pain. A
study should bo made of their
and, in time, the careful and observ- Ho jests at scars that never felt ing mother will learn to know front a wound," says the poet, but many the very character of the cry whether a gallant soldier who has felt mure her infant is merely exercising his wounds than ono jests at his scars lungs on account of a desire to make with a bettei grace. A striking pica noise or a victim of restlessness ture of a hero’s indifference to pain or suffering from physical distress. is given in a letter of llnrry B.
Physicians generally agree that for Lumsden, who afterward became fail child deprived of its mother’s mous as a lieutenant-general in the breast, cow’s milk is tho best sub- East Indian service. Lumsden was stitute. There are differences of in command of a company at the opinion whether tho milk should battle of Sobraon when tho British come from a herd or a single cow, gained a notable victory over but there can bo no debate about the Sikhs in 1810.
necessity of absolute purity. Poor "It was in getting my own corn-persons In the country may of noces- pany together at the head of the slty ha limited to tho use of milk bridge to give tho enemy s cavaliy from one cow, while those of moder- a sociable reception that 1 received ate means in the cities will have to my wound. I had just got the bo>s draw their supply from tho herds of in line, and was looking out to pie-tho dairymen. In either case, the vent them from throwing away their mother can insist on tho milk that lire by taking long shots, when I .9 fed to the baby being absolutely shot through the foot by some dos-
—'vr ,tsrt vs, su srstir ns % r.;
discard much a, the ad.to	dSZ
into the river. After this I felt very sick, and would have fallen off my
officer of tho that I was
If they
Would understand, for instance, that tho baby Is not always hungry tie-cause he cries, they would not bo in so great a hurry to fill up him stomach every time ho whimpers.
In rare Instances does the baby cry
« i
this
the
BATTLES AliAIMST FATE,
These are in-
JOHN BULL FOUGHT WITH BAD LUCK — AND WON.
It will
Railroads Swept Away By Floods or Ruined by Disease and Native Mobs.
A RADICAL CURE.
to
British Officer's IndifTerencp
Pain.
One of the most remarkable fights against fate was the construction of the Sibbi Railway in India. At the outset it scorned as if a conspiracy of circumstances had decreed that the railway should not be built, but British minds conceived it, determined upon having it, and would not be conquered, says Pearson’s Weekly.
Time after time tho 25,000 odd men who were employed on tho construction of this iron road saw the fruits of the immense labor swept away by stones or ruined by native mobs, who look upon the enterprise as a work of evil spirits.
During the whole six years the road was in course of construction the laborers were working face to face with terrible diseases. Men used to drop down and die of sunstroke and sickness with their tools in their hands, but no one ever thought of throwing up the work, wanted and it was to be 300 lives were lost during the first alone, all directly victims of
ono
more
duccr will always consult tho tastes of his customers in this regard.
Color is only skin deep in a cow; go more by tho contour and size of her udder. I once knew a dairyman who never purchased n new cow until he himself had sat down and
milked her that he seldom made a poor pur-
It Is needless to add
chase
the
IMPROVING FRUIT
Seedless fruits, thornless roses, shell-loss nuts—those luxuries will be common in a few predictions are verified.
The methods of growing fruits, nuts and vegetables are undergoing a revolution.
tho cores and skins can be pracily saving
A LAND WITHOUT STRIKES
years, if present
How the Russian Government Acts in Such Cases.
economist wrote last year that the excess of available lar bor in that country over and above the requirements of agriculture amounts, according to the calculation of.reliable experts, to more than 5,000,000,000 working days per an-The Government was endeav-
A Russian
was
It was Nearly
It is believed that
Ordii ary amusements, such ns private theatrical performances, concerts, and so forth, heaped on him, cost about $25,000 ; and to escort him around and show him everything, besides a special mission to impress him with Britain's power, cost $10,000 in all. Presents ol gujis, Jewellery, horses—a beautiful pair of English thoroughbreds—and sundries came to $35,000 more. Altogether, Britain did the Shah extremely well for $150,000.
The Kaiser, instead of being a costly guest, is quite an economic onc. He does not care for too big a "show," and only wants some practical military reviewing to look at. and to be shown a few dockyards, and regaled with practical naval manoeuvres, all of which cost little above ordinary expenses—$5,-000 or less for the first, 81,000 for tho second, and $5,000 for the navy.
After that he prefers some quiet shooting and a rest at a country house, which costs the Government nothing. The private host can entertain the Kaiser and his suite for a week in the very best style for $7,000. Added up. a visit from William li. costs about $20,000.
A more expensive guest to look after is the King of the Belgians, but a very popular visitor. To house and entertain him and his strike went merrily on for suite for a week costs about $25,-three days and then it came to a 000 ; and though ho does not. care sudden end through the agency of for the navy he likes plenty of tho Russian Administrator, who put smart! military reviewing by crock his oar in very deep, lie ordered tho regiments, which amounts up to an men to go hack to work, and back extra bill of $15,000. ITe can be
Hero is tho translation made very comfortable for seven or
eight days on about $50,000.
even
tically done away with tho strength of the plant used up in this way fruit will bo grown larger and with a finer flavor.
The seedless orange is so far the most successful of the fruits experimented on of cultivation which has very small seeds, was first grafted on the common orange. — result was an orange with smaller and fewer seeds than any in the market. The experiment was repeated over and over again until tho present variety of absolutely seedless
As tho
year
the conditions under which they were working.
In the second year a great storm swept over the country, and wrecked the greater part of the work done, and that part Jeft was attacked and destroyed by a mob of warlike natives.	•••	,
Before the railway had been in
hand three years disease broke out with such violence that work had to be suspended for there were not sufficient hands in health to continue, and really seemed as if the scheme would have to bo abandoned altogether. But work resumed after a short time. FIGHTING DISEASE AND
anns as
num.
oring, he added, to find employment in other industries for that part of this excess of labor not engaged in manufacturing pursuits.
But Russia does more than to try to find work for farm hands who are out of a job. Men who have work aie not permitted to quit whenever they happen to have a d I (Terence of opinion with their employers. Strikes are almost unknown in that autocratic and paternal lend. The labor boss who advises a strike and the workman
his advice are both quite certain to get into serious trouble. The Czar won't stand that sort of thing.
The workings of the Russian law this subject were beautifully il-two months ago in the
ran, ...	¦ m
with which they are usually overwhelmed by those well-intentioned, but frequently misguided persons
had tho experience of
It not in-
It is the result of years The navel orange,
horse had not an Tenth Foot, seeing ¦¦	¦¦
wounded, given me a glass of brandy which enabled mo to do my duty until tho action was over.
"My foot had got so swollen that I was obliged to get ono of the men
This 1 won told, was ttio only a few years more cultivation it is bc-clmnco of saving tho foot, so I was 1 loved that seedless apples and pears obliged to submit like a good boy, will bo as common as seedless oran-
although I must confess it was any- gos.
thing but agreeable at the time. Currants and grapes are grown in However, our M.D. tells mo that the largo quantities without seeds wound is wonderfully well, and will small fruits like these there is a not make me the least lame ; on the great advantage in doing away with
contrary, 1 shall now be able to put tho seeds.	.	.
on a much more fashionable boot. A great deal more attention is o«>-"If you hear of an old boy, wish- ing paid to the cultivation of nuts ing a cure for corns, just recommend than over before. Experiments in Wo have a musket-shot sent growing chestnuts larger than the through them."	ordinary wild nuts have been suc-
gggjjÊgÉËWg	ceaeful. The object of nut-growers
now is not so much to grow larger
to do away with the shell
The
have
4 4
who
raising largo families."	¦¦
frequently happens that those persons of "experience" really learned very little, and that their success in “raising largo families" was tho result more of good luck than of what
Tho old ways
a time because
to
they actually did$|B were perhaps good in their day. What our "grandmothers used to do" was all right in the light of tho knowledge they possessed, but we arc further advanced now than in the days of our good old grandmothers, and It is unfair to the little ones to deprive them of the benefits to be derived from this wider knowledge. Don't let anyone persuade you that tho science of rearing and feeding the infant has not advanced. It is your duty to keep up with this advance, not in stuffing your infant child with cheap food substitutes that flood tho market, but by a systematic study of tho best and surest methods of starting your infant child on the road to permanently health.
was
who attempts to follow
NATIVES
The following year, however, disr-again broke out, nnd counted the lives of more than 2,000 men. But tho others went steadily on. Even the frequent attacks of native mobs, which compelled tho workers to labor with firearms slung their shoulders, did not deter them, but they found it took time driving oil those born fighters, so they called up the military to defend tho completed sections of the railway.
Thus they went on year after year, encountering daily the greatest obstacles, hardships and discouragement ; and though it cost V>,000 lives, to say nothing of thousands of cases of injury, sunstroke and cruel sickness, tho work was completed, and it proved a great success success is the grandest monument to those who suffered nnd died for it which could bo desired.
ease
on
lustra ted
Manchurian * port of Newchwang, which is now governed by Russia. The native workmen in the oil factories demanded more pay, which the guild that runs these establishments declined to grant; thereupon the men quit work and said they would loaf till the bosses came around to their point of view nnd
INCREASED WAGES.
over
In
him
The
BORAX AND ITS USES.
useful article, and
nuts as
and the thick walls which separate the kernel.
Borax is a very a box of it should bo found on tho
shelves of every kitchen or pantry.
It is an excellent preservative for milk, meat, butter, and all animal
f°Added tp the water in which dish towels are washed, It will he p keep them of good color.
It will prevent red table cloths and rod bordered towels from fading m
Use it liberally about the kitchen «ink. and It will thoroughly cloanso It and remove all disagreeable odors Scatter the powdered borax about
troubled with
Its
IF YOU EAT MUSHROOMS
Late autumn is tho time for mushrooms, and a few service to
when you try to remove tho skin. All stock intended for Thanksgiv-und beware of those that have little ing should, by this time, have nt-holes in tho top A fresh mushroom tained a perfect plumage and now be is a treat, but a stale one is about in a good condition to put on flesh as bad a thing as you can got hold rapidly. Do not place over twenty of, while a very stale onc is positive- turkeys in a fattening pen, as they
Tho fresh mushroom | do not take on flesh as rapidly as
Place
they went of the warning ho gave to the strik-
hints will bo of those who cat them, that will not pool
era
o
FEEDING TURKEYS
If ever an engineering enterprise ill-fated the Tay Bridge in Scot-
erection was hardly
‘T have fouijd that-your wages have been increased every year in these factories for tho last three What caused this Stoppage of
THE HORSE BLEW FIRST.
An Irish horscowncr whose horse had been prescribed for by a veterinary surgeon ran into the latter's office and, with tears in his eyes and his face the "picthur of bad luck cried, "Oh Mr. Moriarty, I'm poorly; the powdher’e kilt me entirely !
"The powder
mu t v. "Why, I didn't tell you to
take the powder. I told you to place it in a paper tube and put ono end in the lmrse's mouth and blow
HE	HUE
"Yes, sorr," cried Pat, "I put the powdher in the chube. and I put the end of it in the horse's mouth, with the other end in my own, but, be-goiTa, he blew first."
was
land was; its less disastrous than its destruction. The work of construction had not been in hand six months when a great storm did damage to the extent of $1,000,000. Later a thunderstorm destroyed a further portion of the erection, which had then cost a dead loss of upwards of $1,400,000. It seemed as if fate were bent upon discouraging tho constructors, and trying to force its objections with a destroying hand.
Every day some disheartening accident or some great difficulty arose. Boilers burst and smashed valuable and essential machinery in she(r viciousness, cranes gave way or broke down without cause or reason ; most every day of tho week trouble had to be met The hopelessness of tho task brokegl | hearts of two managers ono after the other, and they committed suicide in despair.
DREARY BATTLE OF TAY . BRIDGE.
When the bridge was, thanks tho courage and déterminâtifm of its constructors, half completed, yet another storm swept down upon it anil did such damage that the work had practically to bo restarted. But eventually the great feat was accomplished. only, however, to meet with Its dreadful doom some years later, when, having cost a full million o money, it collapsed under a train.
\ cars
work ? By the laws of Russia, labor agitators who incite men to quit their work must bo punished by the infliction of tho very penalties imposed upon traitors to the country; and their followers also must be punished severely.
I have therefore arrested and punished your leaders; and I post this notice to inform you that all of you must begin work as usual not later
than to-morrow morning.
"Any of you who shall disobey this order will bo immediately arrested and expelled from this port."
But if Russia does not permit workmen to strike it also holds mas-
strict account in 1
The Gov-
9 9
ly poisonous
is round on the top, and tho "gills" I when more room is allowed —they really resemble fish gills—arc plenty of roosts within easy reach, white; but a stale one has a flat top and have them far enough apart so and dark or black gills. It docs not they cannot roach each other on tho follow that tho latter will poison roosts. Turkeys are very quarrel-you; If the skin comes off easily it is some and cause a great deal of troua good sign of innocence, but for bio; yet if we have a proper under-choico you will do well to hold to standing of their requirements, they the round tops. When a mushroom | arc not so bad after all. Feeding has been kept for some time, except Is an all-important point Just now, in a preserved state, it develops a and all our energy should be bent on venomous acid. More than fifty per- a diet to hasten their maturity. A sons die every season from poisoning good formula for fattening turkeys is by eating fungi, either bad mush- os follows:	Three parts corn meal,
rooms or other growths which they one part buckwheat meal, one part take to be mushrooms. There are I wheat or bran; scald and feed all certain fungi that are good to eat, they will eat while it is warm but it is well not to touch them un- not leave anything before them for less you are an expert. There are any length of time, as It becomes 8ome, much like mushrooms In ap- foul and unfit for use in a short
that will kill you in half | time. Feed three times a dgy, the
mash morning and noon, and grain
This
9 9
cried Mr
Mo-
i»•
i »
M	-m „i..r
ants or
ta: sa. i. i. ¦““txeï
and gum-myrrh it is rccomiucnd-
As a wash for the for dandruff it is in-
9 9
As a root
od by dentists, hair nnd a cure valuable.
For inflamed or tired eyes, bathe with a borax solution. For a cough gargle of salt and borax, ha
al-
so me utter
tors to a
dealings with their men eminent, for example, limits amounts of the fines that may be imposed upon
cent of these fines must be paid into n fund for the benefit of the workmen themselves. It is contrary
r,	A r-A
ifù-sEza wAïï
ttr; trs
-u well-	he sots to work on another
PRINTING BY DOG-POWER
the
tho
There is onc dog who makes his living by driving a printing press. It is only a development of the old turnspit business, but the dog prints a whole edition of 1,000 papers in
Tho dog is named Gypsy.
try a and half
It is Invaluable** ¦ brushes, corks, silver, glass and mai-
Do
workmen, and every
for cleansing
blc
to
For the bath it is very refreshing, end In the laundry it Is treosi.ro and will make tho clothes
very white.
Tho most not be harmed, if with borax and warm water nnd immediately ironed on *ho wrong sia®.
Above all, it is inexpensive. And lost, but not least, perfectly harm-
need not worry for fear iv.il get at it. for it
won't but*, tbejui tf tbov do.
pearance, an hour.
to
at night (cracked or whole) diet will in three weeks fatten the leanest turkeys.
Ho is a two-
IIARELY EXPERIENCED.
• So floaters has at last got a Job
with the corporation, eh?"	I	SCOURS IN CALVES.
.•Yes. and a good eafary he gats. ^ ^ ^	„ whole
“For doing nothing, of course?" milk for two weeks, then gradually “Ye* but vou mustn’t forget that substitute eklm-mllk until, at a
ti'Z-*	a:
delicate embroidery will
washed simply
less. a.,d ono
vildrrr.



###PAGE###8###
IfeÉÉ
>-.-a


E. HQDC1NS & SOM’S AD VT.
our
STEWART’S
BOOT&SHOESTORE.

| Our Bargains for
This Week.
Ladies’ Suits
$6.00.
#
Gents’ Mocha Gloves
75 Cts.
Ladies’ bl’k Gauntlets
75 Cts.
TwKT Genuine Mitts.
LEADERS:
English Worsted Suits, all colors
Imported Serge
Suits, black and blue
2 0th Century Umbrellas at - -
$15.00
Gold Weather
i
9
$12.50
means
Gold Hands.
$1.00

There is no necessity for suffering from Cold Hands if you are armed with a pair of our Mitts or Gloves.
A- H. NJcCUIRE.
%
Public Notice.

K 'a
III
%
Province» (
f Que!>ec. 1 District of Pontiac. I

In the Superior Court.
Public Notice is hereby given that the L’Ttb of September, last 1 hare been appointed Curator to the vacant succession of the late Godfkoy Bklaiii, in his lifetime Farmer, of the Township of Lav-prlochicre. County of Pontiac.
Ville Marie, 5th October, 1U0I,
UK \ JAM IN noVU.LAINNE,
cn
G-loves :
(Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
Fall and Winter Time Card
! fsk'iig EM,[OCTOBER Till, 1901.
No 1 Train leaves Ottawa (Central Station) at 4.45 a m., daily except Sunday.
Mens
©il Tan Moccasins
$1.00.
Elegant Flannelettes
cept Sunday.	5 CtS.
#
Unlined Kid. Lined Kid.
Silk Lined. Undressed Kid. Mocha.
Curator.
t
CLARENDON COUNCIL.
Town H%1), SFawville,
November 4th, 1001.
Regular session of Council tins da Members present : Mr. Mtyor ,
Stewart ; Councillors F. Thomas, James Wilson, John Smiley, W. A. Hudgins.
Minutes of last session read.
Moved by Coun. John S:u-1 >y, see. by 1 ^or tickets apply Tlckr! Agent, Central station!
Coun. F. Thomas, that the minutes of I	P. W. REKSEMAN,
last meeting as now read, be and are !	Uen'isup’t.
hereby adopted.	|
Report of Coun. James Wilson of work ; on the 13th range, given out as follows :
To Mr. Thomas McCord at $11.75 round I the hill, who is to brush the road twenty feet wide, stump, plough, and make j ‘ passable eight feet wide. The length ofj, H the road is about 175 yards. Job No. 2, I &.:2	"
alse to Thomas McCord, to brush out the 16 is road six feet wide on each aide of the ¦ travelled part of the road for $4.25, in all 11 <7 $15 for Thomas McCord a job. Job to second man, Samuel Wa1!, to deepen a ditch two feet, to be six feet deep when 1 '-2* completed. It is now four feet deep from one point to another, so as the water I i06 “ will rûn to the lake, for which work he is J-Jj* !! to receive $5.	1130
Moved by Coun. W. A Hudgins, sec. IIS Arrive by Coun. F. Thomas, that the report of	"Ha* SUtlon. tTank. PFlag Station.
Coun. James Wilson be anl is hereby	Connecting with Hull Electric Railway
adopted.—Carried.	| at Aylmer.
Moved by Coun. F. Tfaonus, sec. by Coun. James Wilson, that Mrs. Tracey be paid $1.50 for five cedars given to Road Inspector James Smith.—Cat l ied.
Moved by Cuuo. John Smile? sec. by Coun. W. A. Hodgins, that Road Inspector Andrew Sly be paid $1.25 gfor the the work of Anson Murphy be charged with the same.—Carried.
Moved by Coun. John Smiley, sec. by Coun. W. A. Hodgins, that the bill of work of Road Inspector Robert Smart in hie division $20.30 be pud—Carried.
Moved by Coun. Janus Wilson, sec. by W. H. Hodgins, that this Council order side-line closed between 11 and 12
on 2nd range.—Carried.	I On and a fier October Wh. loûl, aud until
Moved by Coun. James Wilson, tec. by }‘;jlows .nollce' lraia 8ervIce* will be as
CT- ^^nSmiley, that the Mayor be , ......... " eastern DIVISION.
and i, hereby instructed to ake legal ad- Trelne ,„vp OTTAWA. Centra, napoi. vice on the opening offside lines between I 8. 3C A M. Daily, tnr Rockland, Hawks.
I two lots ; and the Mayor is hereby in- bury. Valje>field. Montréal. Quebec. St.»
atructed to follow the instructions in that I ^^^ônrrsâï 'cc.aPO|n!\iopJ'all behalf according to hs judgment, and intermediate u. R. stations; has parlor this Council corroborates and agrees with .	MoDtre‘1,
*»*-«•....
Movea.by Coun. W.A. Hodgins, r.'C. by all points orki,	mont re»! 7. -5 p. m
CounJohnSmil.y thattheSec.Trea,.
be and is hereby instructed fcj hand over Ky. for nil mints west. Has parlor¦
! to the Sec. Tress of the County C ur.cil Ottawa to Montreal
such lands as appear iu arrears of taxes I *îP F' }!‘ V3lly	^mvlay. for Ne™
on the list, the unless the aime is paid	vïffeyMtidTndtinfl'onsromu',ofEthe'mU
before the time for oublishir.g the day of Lawrence river HaMhrnogh sleepingl sale.—Carried	*	‘ Ottawa to New York via Rutland I;. It
1 «ssi is titers EE-—"” ¦
receive tenders up to 10 o’clock of Monday, Lee. 2wd, 1901, for the delivery of Middle and Western Divisions.
300 cedars at the Clarendon Town Hall, in the Village of Sh.twville, a follows 200 cedars 1G feet long, ICO Cedars 18 feet long; all to be not less than 8 inches
in diameter at the top end, anl must bn 82B *. Elpre„ fnr PmhtoU Parry K°od|.Bound and etraigh*. renders will Hound and lnierni( iliale k tîonw. be received for smaller numbers as may 103 P. M. Mixed for Madawaska and In-be convenient for tenderers. All to bo .	stations.
, delivv ud thialirat wmter. -Carried.	""
Moved by Coun. W. A. Hodgins, sec. Trains arrive Ottawr, Dally except Run.
by John Smiley that John S.ruf, E.o , '	LT&Lmlaipi" klA 'M'e l0
Shawville, be and is hereby empowered by all points.
I this Council to pros* cuto any person or persons found making a dumping ground of the properly around the Car-j endon Town Hail, in the Village of j ! Shawville, by piling snow or any other 1
debris on said grounds,—Carried,	---—	----=	-- —.>	—,. ———	—
Moved by Coun. John Smiley, roe. Moved by Coun. John Smiley, aeo bv	\A#	r | 1 ZjX
by Coun F Thrmni, that the Secretary Coun. W. A. Hodgii-r, (hat ma.much,,	W 11 Z 1 iTi
of the Board of Health, of the Town.hip :he Cluendon Town Hal! ii not in good !	W W	171 17
of Clarendon, convene a meeting of the repair, thi. Council ha, decided to hold i	__
Board of Health at an early date in con- their meetings in the Sample Room of '	W7 A HT/ATTISA A 17 D
fornn y with the resolution of the Eie-1 the Pontiac House for the winter month. I X- XX Eà W J. ^ IT. 1VA ZX, JD XX e li ard of FhaHh of the Pr vioce ' — Carried.
of (Juebec, dated 28th Oct., 1901 ; and Moved, seconded and carried, that we I li nt they adopt such tr.essure as they adjourn.	¦ ¦	I
deem necessity for the prevention tf smallpox in this locality —Carried.
f
PomiaePaieIctiniI	E. HODGINS & SON.
Official Time Table :	*
Mitts :
P.M.
AM.
Arrive 9.45
Mocha.
Kid.
Horsehide. Deerskin. Mule Skin,
i.iô Leave
Aylmer tBreckenrldge ? ‘Eardley Parker’s Crossing t'Mohre Qu y on Wyman’s -tTank Bristol McKee’s Sbaw7ille Clark’s
Campbell’s Bay tTank V Vinton Coulonge •Mellon’s Waltham
9.21
9.06
8.58
8.50
6.37
8 40
Guns,
8.22
S.f-6
II
4 •
8.14
1.58
8.06
7.04
8 02
7.52
7.45
7.31
too
7.16
7.16
7.06
fjifles,
Ammunition,
0.54
fc!7
#4
6.30
Leave 6.30
P. W. RESSEMAN,
general superintendent
Gauntlets
For
Men,
Women and Children,
RAILWAY
AT
# e
a
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT,
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
ARMSTRONG BROS

&
LADYSMITH.
P. S.—Hardware.
Our space permits us to give you only a very vague idea of our im mense stock of Mitts and Gloves, prices are placed at the lowest notch,” and we cordially invite you to come to our store and examine our Stock.




=3*
car,
46
Our
fur
• nr 1.40
IEB i
Arnprior. Renfrew, Eganvllle, Pun broke WadAwasktt, Parry Sound and intermediate i, talions.
We have just received another large assortment of Ladies’ and Gent’s Rings from the best ring makers in Canada
Call and see them.
Trai$P leave Ottawa,Central depot, daily except Sunday.	*
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
A pleasure to show goods.
Central Depot. Emil Honse Bioek
M. STEWART,
COR. ELOIN AND SPARKS STS.
SHAWVILLE.
# e
# #
e #
# #
*
P. S.—See our Ladies’ Kidd Fur-Lined Mitts.
I
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE,
Hugh Mathkaox.
Stc .Treat.
MAIN STREET .... SHAWVILLE.





