###PAGE###1###



' v -	*	• !



%
>
No. 8.—19th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE., THURSDAY,
AUGUST 15, 1901.
11.00 a Year in Advance.
rçent
LOCALS THAT PAY
locals that pay
bargsîiîe?S*e *l ytewart k°°k out for Bay your Twine ut J
SfSLSStJS» J"ï "	JSÏSS-
capitàl . . -
^ 9 f I berteon, Shew ville.
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
¦end Office, • Montreal.
H. Shewn,
Ileed Office: .. .. Ce jri tel subscribed * bp Hal psld up ..
OTTAWA, CANADA.
.........#1,994. WW.
.........1 ,#91,940.
OP CANADA.
Beet
1,900,455
New Fall Goods.
Board of Direciort :
Ohaklem Magee, Esq., President. George Hat, esq.,Vice President.
Hon. G so. Dnrson, Jr.	Joe* Math**, Esq..
Alix. Fraikr, Emj , David MacLars*, Esq.,
Dennis Mrsnir, Esq.
I'" *l,c '&k"kt*tyleof photon go to imi
non
WANTED, at once general servant. Good wagon. Apply to Mrn. F. A. Parker, Shawvllle.
Butt mi Wàntkd.-G. K. Hodglne want* Jl H- Sh»w ««-II* the t*wt Twine,
ff^Wtsiïïai'to’ja jstsü -, --™ -«»
.. W»M —"•? »l I.U B^ÏÎ,”k,fcîïr,raw"5t'ü'! "”P'	‘11
TZ™,... ««*	sXi.ra	w;s
fMonej transferred to all parts of the world ^urth week
GEORGE BURN, D. M. PINKIE*
Gfnrral Manager
.. .. Missis,
Etc.
ho ton at
Branches
SH
IN ONTARIO
Keewattn.
Kemptnlle,
MstUwa,
Ottawa, do
do Bank fit. Renfrew do Rideau 8t. Toronto,
MIRON
8HAWVI1LE BRANCH,
It’s early to talk about Fall and Winter goods, but the mills and wholesale rushing them in, and we just want to say at present that we have already received and opened up several large consignments of the newest goods for the coming season.
Alexandria,
Arwprtor,
Lanark,
Pam 6onnd, rein broke.
bridge,
Rat Portage Winchester.
men are
Carle ten
1
Place,
Hswkeebury, Vankleek Hill, Hinjth'e Falls
IN MANITOBA!
Aecour/i opened for amounts of one dol* wl,Hre Jou can K**t full Aalue for y
money, we guarantee our work and don t a*k you to take it if found unsatisfactory.
H. I MIRON.
1
HAVING» BANK
Dauphin
Winr
Portage La Prairie IN QUEBEC;
Hull,
Agents In Canada, New York and Chicago— Bank of Montreal.
Agent* in Ht. Paul—Merchants Net. Bank.
Agents in London, Eng.—Parr's Bank Ltd.
our

I ruit of all kind*—oranges, peaches peurs, plums, lemons, bananas, slue-her
ShawvUle h‘ #t0ck ttt the Pa,a,‘e Grocery
lure and upwards and Interest allowed
Office Hours Saturdays .
Montreal,
Lâchute,
5i
10 A M. TO 3 T.M
Wms i|iP
effective Her vice to
tients rnprior
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
Do you want something for nothing ?
**onr NEW BAKING POWDER
or MUSTARD.
After three months' illness the infant Mr. Win. Mee, an old and respected . sinks and gram scouring machines. These returned home^Nat urdav^ frmn
i ' -v,..“«s
of last week, at the residence of Dr. J. been in P°<>r health for some time i or roller flat, contains five double stand I „ .
Chanonhouae, Eganville.	| past, and a short time ago went to one of rol's, one cookie, oat and weed se par-1 .,ni]
„	. ,o t	..	.<»f the Ottawa hospitals for treatment, ator and flour, aborts and bran packers,
f resett, Aug. !.. James W hitney, a While there ho underwent an operation, I The third floor contains two improve ! mnchmist; Izin Une, t<»wn e v kot l <es-i which probably hastened the end. Mr. velocity purifiers, two dust collectors i ! cot , and Charles \N hdo a havher, were Moe’s decease marks the third death in and the fan-exhaust from rolls. I drowned tins morning m the «slops ra- that family during the past year.	fourth floor contains one No. 3 plan
s » - ' • ...............1	B£SEHE1
PERSONAL
7d.
tec.
; ^ W ilson, of the Ottawa in?' bureau, spent a day or two of
• * «on which he is now •s friends here, before plar Point, (near Fort .,) where lie will spend a week ng with friends.
A splendid premium with every package—selling like hot cakes. Buy quick if you want ’em.
en
P
) ir friend Mr J. < >. Riviere of Quyon, >rtfiy Secretary Treasurer of South I v* wm in town today, and gave us a «.ai-mne o, mes,iter variety, having I call. We were pleased to see the old
o?. _;!r. .!n“uh,.nee_the. A<ivantefte/«f j gentleman looking well and young,
n'h in his three >eon-s ând ten.
Pining on Wednesday fUg,ti revj lo of the most nleasant Tk»
iïïS SSM: 115	; .”Sg
(superior points that are protected by Ith™
< >nsl
ssa,e 2	”tsb laK= te'M/c.g
program of music, Sfieechee was reudered.
Cents’ Furnishings
on
over a
A full range of Newest Coeds for the very swellest boys.............
¦¦¦ne
out nier, Octave
Innately
j.
H. SHAW
6HAWVILLE COUNCIL
7lhM * by' "th«” RevADPJ.0McL^anA	I	'	Ub)e weddings’1 held at tHter'ukTfor"^ ^
1 K*St™ » ”	1, j?i H1 "!> *«* rint ! ' ** * «•* **i-	^
jr*-» Gr*h‘"'- "-isstrystnir
Jfss2 2 y^~|SSstT2rss51 zZLrsrt&S	:
the new factory building, which Mr. R 1 “ni<,ung«.	silk and d’alencon lsce and trimmings on Mill Bridge at $1.25-83.12- |
O. Hudgins is erecting adjacent to the Skrd Corn.—James Cunningham 1, E with long tram, and with Jong veil of CarriedlH^HHHI site of the old factory destroyed by fire Graham, 2, John Young 3, Jas. Cars well white lillies carrying a hoquet of pond | Moved by Conn. Shaw, seconded by in June. The new building promises to Robt. McJanet 6.	Millies, followed by Misses bad e Farrell | Co in. Smith, that there lie four new
be a very substantial structure, an<l is | Peas.—James Cunningham j, John ; Agnus Whelan, who acted as maids ; crossings constructed as follows: one at being erected with a view to having it as Young 2, Lewis Cuthberston 3, Thomas K honor Hild bridesmaid, who both look- j the Masonic Hall; one at the corner of sate from the possibilities of fire, as the McDowell 4.	ed charming in white organdie,- trim- i .Main and Shaw streets, one at Pickanock
nature of the business will admit of. Mr. Potatoes.-James Cunningham 1 Jas ,,ied u?lh "%andio and pearls. There street at C. H. Wain man’s corner; and Hodgins went to Toronto list week to Carswell 2, Tb.* McDowell 3 Lewis wer«thr? charming little darlings who one on the Main Street opposite the purchase the necessary machinery te I Guthbenton 4, Wm Brown-, ’	" ( ^ed as flower girls in the company of residence of Air. U. .G Hodgins. -
equip the building in a thoroughly up-to qnniB	T' . n *	the bride, namely, Ida Wilson and Amy Carried,
r.ZZw	„ A.	a
held a meeting at Radford school house	* nomas McDowell 1, Robt. *hite, Matters Guy, Hally and Gordon Friday the 17th inst., at the hour of 6.30
on Saturday evening, at which wye pro- Mcl owe“ 4 Lewis Cuthbertson 3	Farrell, who all accompanied the bride p. m.
sent representatives from the different Mangolds.—John M. Hodgins 1. j to the altar, where she joined the bride^l	---—
stations in which the membership exists. Garden of Veoetableh.^-Wid Brown IwIl° was	supported by
The business of the manner of disposing 1, John A. Rennick 2, James Carswell 3	V*1 V P^^ell and John Wilson,
of the arms with which the association John Young 4, James Cunningham 5	’ hn 0 cre<litA,,1J officiated as groomsmen,
has been iapplied, was taken up, and |	*	| The wedding march gel-eted for the oc-
satisfactorily dealt with, and dates de	casion was veiy ably rendered by Miss
cided on when the members are to as The Clare .don Roller Mills. With Farrell assisted by the choir, who,
semble for practice. The members are	- J together with herself, were all in white.
to be supplied with a copy of the rules a few da vs aim a	J After the ceremony, which will long
BMBMaSi
The Equity must crave the indulgence I the event as one in keeping with the States ^	l>omts m thl ' !llvUl
IBiS^teSES ësSsgl
motor's leisure, and very unfortunately the hands of standard makers. The m 11 1 * '
•r us, when that time came the old copy is prat ally four storeys in height ex-
was taken by mistake, and printed before elusive of the wheel pit, which latter Another Young Woman Drowned CERTIFICATES will 1* Issued entitling the error was detected. All of which I contains a Little Gum! Electric horizon	_ puShaser to a second dew ticket good te
ass w55 is,
P. s
old hats new.
Straw Hat Enamel—all colors. Makes
re-
presents both useful and valuable.—
OodHHHHHHHBHi
School
Books !
j
—o—o—o—o—o—
We keep Everything Necessary for School.
o—o—o—0—o-
All the Authorized School Books kept constantly in stock, and the pretty line BOOKS,
SLATES,
PENCILS,
SCHOOL BAGS, NOTE BOOKS, &c.,
which we are showing goes a long way towards putting the children in good humor for studying.
Ai unpr'cc lented aalmoi catch
is reported from the Fraser river, B.C., this year.
of
PENS & INK, SCRIBBLERS, PENCIL BOXES,
f
l
IN MANITOBA AND THE CANADIAN '
wanted I NORTH WEST
20,000 FAR M LABORERS
¦
a of
The Canadian Pacific R>. will run FARM LABORERS EXCURSIONS, second class,
to C. P. R. stations In Manitoba ami
$i o.oo mm
We treat all alike, so that little ones do not need a grown person to come along with them in order to get .. .. BOTTOM PRICES................................
0
MOOSE JAW,
ESTE VAN Ami YORKTON
THE DRUG STORE
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
On AUGUST flth mid fSth, 1001, from Stations in Ontario, Sharbot Lake, Sudbury and East.
r
*
And AUGUST 9th and Iflth, 1001, from Stations in Province of Quebec, Quebec, Megan tic and West.
Fountain Pens.







:




###PAGE###2###

AN HOUE WITH UNCLE SAN
modern health resort
TRADES CURE DISEASES
THE ntONY OF INITIALS.
REMEDY AGAINST ILLNESS
KO TES AND COMMENTS
I
Which Prevails The Healthiest People in England ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦Aie the Convicts.
Parents Should Be Careful In Naming Their Children.
When parents are exercising their ingenuity In choosing names for their hopeful offspring it rarely occurs to them to make sure that the initials do not form some combination for which their children will scarcely blessed" in Inter years.
For instance, the boy who warn given the not unpleasant name of Arthur Stanley Smith and the girl who signs her name Ida Marie Paterson will scarcely be proud of their respective initials, A. S. S. and 1. M. I\
Some of the combinations which
Curious Custom
In Persia
A good deal can be said for .lapons claim that she ought to receive an addition to her indemnity, in view of the fact that she will bo unable to sell at par her share of China's bonds. It is obvious, however, that a recognition of the claim will reopen the indemnity question, and may defer a definite settlement for some time to come. When we recall the important, not to say leading, part taken by the Japanese troops in the relief of the foreign legations at Pekin, we must regard the original demand of the Mikado's Government for $23,000.00V as extremely moderate have no doubt that the sum named rep recanted actual disbursements, a part of which will not be met, unless payment is received in cash it was found impossible for China to pay the indemnities in cash, it was arranged that the claim of each of the creditor Powers should liquidated in 4 per cent bonds. The bonds would prove equivalent to cash, if guaranteed by the recipient, In the case of the United States,
HOW THE BUSY T44UCXB SPENDS THE DAY.
HOW IT IS POSSIBLE TO LENGTHEN YOUR DAYS.
A physician who has Just returned j n says much for the sanitary and from Persia says that in that coun- other arrangements of British pris-
limaiitii	r, Zli"'«X t SS151 ..tweeting «.It.,.
the convicts confined within the and Mirth Gathered From His
h,doed' 1	Records.
Salt Mining Cures Anaemia, and Sailors Enjoy Freedom From
Cancer.
Infallible remedy
chronic diseases. I-- —	---I I
In order to have a sufficient supply great Government prisons of tears always on hand the priests lt has been found that 1 cntonvllle
collect them in a singular manner.	Gaol, situated in the north	of Bon- i Women wore first permitted	to be-
Whenever there is a funeral the offV	don is, in proportion to its	\ opula- | Como employes in	Government	offices
distributes small tlon, the healthiest spot m Eng
mm**
After the ceremony he collects the	Disordered livers generally	como	in Chicago jail	are victims of	the
have come under the	writer's obser-	conges which by that time	arc sat-	upon those persons who Imvo	spent	morphine,	cocaine	or	other	drug
vation	arc.	to	say	the	least,	«mus-	urntv(1 with tears, and carefully	ia7y imtJ inactive lives, end	nothing habit.
ing. There	Is,	for	instance,	a	cer-	gquee/es their contents into a Urge	would prove so beneficial	to this Smlthflchl. Va.,	claims the	oldest
tain well-known tempérance advo-	boUle which he then seals	and	class of people	as a short terra of	church in the country. It is St.
cate whose initials are U. U. M.,	pieces in his medicine chest.	imprisonment	Clearly they cannot	Lukes, erected in	1632 and restored
but who very wisely drops the sec- A ahort time ngo the question was be lazy in prison, for they must un- jn im)4	•
ond letter and is content	with one	raised by a sceptical layman whether	dergo the various physical exercises
Christian initial; while a	man who	crocodile tears shed by hypocritical	set convicts, and their food, if not
is constantly appearing in the Am- mourner8 Xvcrc likely to prove as of- 0f the most luxurious description, is erican police-courts,	charged with	ocncious as those shod	by true	wholesome and nourishing,
being drunk and disorderly, ought,	turners, but the priests	did not	Where every other remedy has	fail-
according to his Initials, drink noth- condescend to reply. No figures are cd rheumatism has been cured solely One hundred thousand mules have ing stronger than T. E A., for his	obtainable as to the quantity	of	by the sufferer being compelled to re-	been shipped from	America to South
name is Titus Exeter Alexander.	teixrs which such a sponge	will	gpect the rules	of prison life, while	Africa for the use	of the British ar-
-'A gentleman who not long ago fig-	yleld but ns the priests' bottles are	any number of drunkards have, In	ray.
ured as defendant in n	breach of	;ievcr' empty, it is evident that the	the same way, lost their craving for	Census figures show that the cities
Promise case had the singularly ap- jachrymal glands of Persian mourn- drink. They are unable to obtain of thc United States have gained 8.-I'roprmtc initials of W. O. O.; while erg n*r0 u|Wavs ready to comply with it, no matter Imw great their Cray- oqo.OOO inhabitants in the lost ten the plaintiff's name was Susan, and unv ticmnnd which may be made up- ings may bo at first, and what is she had, with unconscious prevision, on* thc n	more, they are forced to undergo rebec n addressed by her lover in scores	gular exercise. In short, imprison-
of amorous letters as "my darling	--—+---- ment, if of n sufficient duration, cur-
Sue."	cs drunkenness.
In another breach of	promise case	ni1Tnnv	11Nnvn	,r11P	WATFn	A man	who	was	sentenced to	five
the defendant's initials were sadly	HKII(,K	lllli	u A 1	years' penal	servitude	for	forgery.
ominous of the issue of the action, A very peculiar bridge is being con- confessed on the expiration of him and an outcast and tramp, was in
for his name was Percy Alfred Y-, structod oxer the Mary Hiver at tjmc w|mt boon prison life had the Chicago Police Court recently,
and he signed the initials MP. A. Y.M Maryborough, Queensland, fti that it bwn t0 bilH Before ho was sen tone- charged with stealing a horse and
is Icing designed so that its surface c(, hc llftd been a regular martyr to waggon ,	will be submerged several times dur- t but the prison life and discip-
records n o full of similar strange fngthc seasons of high floods, says a |jne bm| completely cured him. Huf-coincidences, some of which arc so London newspaper. The idea in #,rvrs from this distressing malady, remarkable ns to seem scarcely cred- building the bridge in this way is to please note
msmmm
such as	till	thc	ftir	of	petroleum re-	,,ropriatc initials of F	O. 1 . : an-	tlmes thc	Uriclfre will be	submerged	oroviilod
lining sheds	;	and	this	will	probably	other, whose eloquence	is perhaps a	mort. tium	20 feet
be done ere long.	little florid and vaporish, boasts the
Salt mining and working are ex- not unsuitable letters G. A. S., ini-no | collent cures for rheumatism and in- tials borne by thc late Mr. Sala. A
which third clergyman is known by the ini-
arc
Just ns there are trades which must inevitably shorten or render hopelessly miserable the lives of those xvho folloxv them for any considerable time, there are other trades or occupations which may safely be said to cure certain diseases and to prolong life ; and if people in search of occupations and afflicted with illness would pay due attention to thc question of what occupation xvould most suit their health they might, probably would, lengthen instead of curtail their days.
Diseases of the throat and chest are the most common of all mala-but there are occupations
rise up and call them
in 1862
crating priest
We
dies
which will positively cure eithi when the disease has not advanced too far, although it may have made such inroads that doctors have abandoned the case as hopeless.
The work in certain branches of the making of coal gas has been known to cure very severe chest ailments, and many persons who have obtained work in breweries and tun-have been entirely cured of
Milwaukee has twice as many saloons as Detroit, though tho popm Intion of the the Homo.
As
two cities is almost
be
nenes
consumption. It is an eloquent fact that consumption is practically unknown to people in regular employment as brewers and tanners, brewery-hands in particular being in enjoyment of remarkably robust health Diseases of the throat arc equally unknown to workers in petroleum refining sheds
who work at refining petroleum nt the great oilworks of America and Russia are insusceptible to diphtheria—one of the MOST INFECTIOUS DISEASES
years.
While Great Britain is the greatest ten-consuming country in the world, Uie United States lends all other nations in drinking coffee.
Great Britain, Germany and France, owing to the high standing of those countries in the stock exchanges of thc world
n the other
Japan.
hand, will be unable Chinese securities on equally favorable terms, and the Mikado’s Government estimates that thc amount of money obtainable for her o( them will fall far short by about four million dollars of her disburse-
to negotiate
John Lister, an heir to $3,000,000
in fact it seems that
men
THE DIVORCE COURT
share
The new Capitol building of Minnesota at St. Paul, is built of Georgia marble and is one of tho most attractive public buildings in tho North west.
ex en
therefore, .that an additional
monts. She urges she is entitled to number of bonds sufficient to make good her actual outlay. It is further to be noted that, if Japan
A young
stood alone in putting forward a demand for additional compensation, the demand might be easily satisfied without increasing the aggregate amount which China has agreed to pay. For that amount, 450,000,000 taels exceeds by 35.000,000 taels thc sum of thc claims heretofore presented by all the creditor Powers.
thc excess of eximports was the
$1,500,000.000
EE.-Be	r;rL.
was very slightly been planted in thc borough of Man-weaklv built, possessing very halt an, and 1.940 In the other hor-1 i11le stmigth. When he left on tho n.ughs of Greater New York, making
obeying his mother, and one day for expiration of his term he was obvi- a total of 2,880 trees planted, this he got a severe beating.	0US|V lnuch stronger and weighed jewcll B. Knight, of Belchcrtown,
After his suffering was	over he went	some fifty pounds	more	than when	Mas»., a graduate of tho Mnwxichu-
out to thc door sobbing	loudly, and	lu, entered*.	Bctts Agricultural College, has been
started to write on a	little bit of	jt ,s ft fact	that	stout	individuals	appointed by the British Govcrn-
lose much of	their	superfluous fat	mcnt to go to India to establish an
under prison diet and discipline, Agricultural college, whereas slim and spare men Invar- w T (!rnnit of Louisville. Ky , ial'ly add to their weight consu.or- ^ tobacco exporter, who died
Thursday of last' week. bequeathod $200,000 to the Presbyterian Theological Seminary of his home city, subject to an annuity of $5,000 to his widow as long as she lives.
John Basil Turchin, who 111., tho other day,
over
Unfortunately, Japan is by
ket. Neither Italy nor Spain by gorioU8 to boot Anaemia and rheu- full initials, which he rarely does, guaranteeing her shore of China's nmtism arc troubles unknown to one may bo sure, writes himself
bonds could manage to sell them nt j salt-workers. Iron miners also he r down S. A. 1. N.
immunity from anaemia, though
a misdemeanor
WILLIE'S REVENGE
Willie had been in thc habit of dis
the earliest of this connut to quite the same extent as salt- fury's brides changed her initials, 41	W. E. N., to W. E. I)., n singularly
Kelp-gatherers have in their pc- happy and appropriate change; while culinr calling, if they continue to n well-known society young lady, follow it sufficiently long, an excel- who was married two years ago. be-lent cure for scrofula ; it has been came, in her new character of wife, known to cure where every usual re- m. A. I. I). The wife of one of Lon-medy failed. Very few nervous dis- don's preachers, n lady of singular
there, moreover, which sweetness of disposition, has tho initials S. H. R. E. W ; while, such is which, although not a the irony of initials, n woman who
charged at a Scotch police-court a few weeks ago with n brutal
invalid husband,
One of
an
par. It is probable that Russia also, would have to submit to discount, but this she could bear
paper.
When he had done writing, he dug n hole in the ground and put the little bit of paper down in it.
His little sister (who had been watching him through thc window) went immediately to thc hole, and on opening same, found the little bit of paper, which bore the following inscription;
Dear devil, come and take mother.
miners
with equanimity, in view pf the ascendency which she has/’acquired in Manchuria. Be that is it may, if a
làblishod in the
on
precedent jger&, ga case oT Japan, every other Power
o
orders arc	¦
cannot be cured by working at ke.ingathering,
lucrative occupation, is followed by hundreds of people who enjoy except! ally fine health. Kelp-gatherTime will be required to ascertain ing is aiso said to be a cure for
the precise deficits, and, meanwhile, insomnia and "noises in the head.
which, although not generally dangerous troubles are at times
VERY DISTRESSING.
Sailors enjoy a remarkable freedom
and it has been suggestive on the ocean wave”
MOUSE FOILED A PLOT
that should fail to sell China's
• Gen
died at Anna was a veteran of the Crimean war, who. coming to this country during the war of the rebellion, be-colonel of the Nineteenth Illi-
wai
bonds at par would have an equal right to demand that thc debtor should make good the deficiency.
was
Upset Young Woman's Scheme to Defraud at Last Moment.
RUSSIAN WOMEN SMOKERS
assault on an boasted thc letters P. E. T
A clever tutor in
England is Mr. J. A. Cass; and a London official, who is very far from answering to thc description, has to write himself down a II. A.
Russian women arc so fond of smoking that the Minister of thc Interior has ordered thc railway officials in thc empire to provide pas-trains with smoking com-
11 is said
A leading oculist of Montreal, whose practice extends far outside thc boundaries of the city, re a tes
the North of
enme
nols Volunteer Infantry and later given command of a under Buell.
Of the 200 men recently appointed to New York's police force by Commissioner Murphy, only 180 have Irish names. Of the other 70 new policemen 30 are Germans—a nationality whose representation is increasing—mid thc remaining forty are
American, Spanish and
thc question will arise: How arc France and certain other Powers
brigade
that one day a young woman came into his office accompanied I y an older woman, apparently tho mother. Thc young woman wore colored glasses, which one might have assumed to be superfluous, as it was claimed that the girl was totady 1 ¦. What was wanted of the doctor was n certificate authenticating this claim of blindness, tutting it beyond dispute ; and it was frankly stated that the object in seeking this was to obtain certain aids and advantages of a philanthropic nature, impossible uf access otherwise. Thc standing of the oculist was such that a statement from him would carry full weight wherever presented.
On examination thc surface of the eyes gave no indication of i.ny defect ; but that might be so, and blindness still exist. Applying tests of the strongest light, the girl professed herself to be absolutely unable to distinguish between light and darkness. Other tests were resorted to, trying in their nature, and some of them very painful, and these were all borne with patience and courage. The doctor was puzzled and baffled Apparently the girl was stone blind, but ho was unable to solve tho problem of those eyes, to discover the cause of that blindness, or say just where the defect lay.
The doctor was more than half-disposed to grant the desired certificate, when, as a last expedient, he hit up#»n a novel experiment. Ho dismissed his patient with Distinctions that she should como again at a certain hour the following day, and this gave thc oculist time to arrange for thc carrying out of his i'lrm. Whm the giri came the next gin me a day tho doctor had her securely
songer
partments for their use that nearly all married women in Russia smoke cigarettes, and that thc habit has begun to obtain largely among thc unmarried, with the result that smoking carriages arc now blind as much of a necessity for travel ing Russian women as for men.
that are still maintaining troops for the enforcement of order in thc Province of Chihli, outside of the legation guards at Pekin and thc garrison of Tien-Tsin, to be compensated for the extra expenses incurred since thc date when their respective claims were computed ? Perhaps the quickest mode of escape from thc difficulty created by Japan's supplemental demand would be an agreement that thc surplus, 35,000,000 taels, should be divided,pro rata among those Powers that shall prove unable to sell China's bonds at par. Thc remnant of thc surplus, if any, might be turned over to the Powers that have helped to maintain order since their claims were submitted.
s. s
from cancer
Cd Unit
destroys thc germs of thc tern hic disease when they arc in the system inactive. It is hardly possible to obtain support of thc theory,
but there seems to be a
EYELESS AND COLORLESS
but
Enormous Spiders Found in the
Cornish Mines.
A Cornish man may be superstitious, but he is as plucky a man as breathes
most of the tin-men shy at the sight of. This is thc great, bloated, white spider, which rustics along the walls of the shaft, and disappears in some deft in the rock a long time would not believe that these spiders were really cavc-dwjll-Thcy declared that they were merely ordinary spiders that had fallen or crept into thc mines. But at last one
IS
Society, and found by him to be absolute!^ without eyes. This proved beyond doubt that for centuries the creatures’ ancestors had lived beyond the reach of sunlight.
A spider, even if he does live in thc depths of thc earth, must eat, and more recently his prey nas been discovered
beetle.
sect, called tho blothrus, also Lakes
English,
Russian
however
great deal of truth in the statement that cancer is practically unknown to sailors who neither smoke or chew
(’unc<T*gee
in thc tongues of ex
Conneticut
A drapery store in a town is said to be run by three men named England, Ireland, and Scotland. They met for the first time in America ' Scotland married England’s sister, and Ireland is engag* to another sister. The son of the union is called Ireland England
CANDLES IN MEXICO
One creature,^ howcvvi
soinc-
ovcrmuch tobacco
Candles are extensively used in Mexico owing to the great expense of petroleum. A bookkeeper may be making his entries in a great ledger by thc light of a single candle. A Mexican printer works with a candlestick stuck carelessly into of his boxes, and two tailors in
times occurs
t,	i s among sailors^g
would suggest that the
of thc
for

albeit no one
most liberal consumption
fragrant weed could cause^fl
excessive smoking or chewing has n
promote thc disease
are already in the
seen
Naturalists for
mtiÊÊIÊlÊKHÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊjQÊÊIÊK/ÊKÊIÊB
Scotland.
Captain E. H. Smoed of Foet Providence, H I-, him Just received a Government medal which was awarded him seventeen years ago for heroism in helping to rescue the crew of a shipwrecked schooner in the hn bor of New Haven. The medal was mislaid in a secret drawer in a desk in the Collector’s office at the cus-house of New Haven, and was
found only a few days ago.
cancer
tendency to when the germs
blood.	..
There is scarcely any nervous disorder which cannot be cured or checked by following the occupation sailor, preferably m thc Royal . and, strangely enough
at making cordite, dyanother high explosives is for nervous disorders, off bv certain chcini-
ers
one
the small shops can be seen sharing thc rays of a single dip.
was brought to a fi-.in-member of thc Entomological
BLOODSHED AVOIDED.
Jones—What would you do if your burglar alarm went oil in the night?
Brown—Well, in the dark, you know, it would take me a good while to find my shoes and my pistol, and that would give the burglar time to get away.
o
of a
cin-
NavygJ ploy men t mite and another cure
the fumes given	II ¦
St» ««à
E* L’F’œirî ATS4
low, who must either see good rea- could find an almof ‘ f th.*t
eon for a laugh, or be surprised into changing their occupa	f.
of postmen, whose work with tin
In Persia the man who laughs is long, brisk walks. ,s t le l‘°fn considered effeminate, but a free li- sible remedy for vai icose 1 cense is given to f ale merriment, their earlie r stages.
One reads of the and the "saber Egyptian hot recorded that they have never
* moments of mirth, when the fez bobs Many fish can produce musical or the veil shakes under thc pressure S) *unds. Thc trigla can produce long-of some particularly "good thing," (1v;iWn notes ranging over nearly an In Mahomet himself, Christian writ- (l( taVo Others, notably two species ers have noted cordiality and jocose- ( f 0,,hidium. have sound producing ness, and they may there is a good	.atufl consisting of small mov-
ringing laugh in the prophet with ; j ‘ ,‘u>nCi which can be made to «ill his seriousness.	' duco ft sharp rattle. The curious
An American traveller in Europe drlinimlnK made by thc species called remarks the Italian laugh as lan- . »	. can he heard from a d/plh
guid but musical, the Germon as de- ulllt 1
the French as spasmodic
HOW THE NATIONS LAUGH
tom
Different Ways They Have of Ex
pressing Mirth.
A SUMMER FRAME OF MIND.
get u;> quick; I
It is a sort of small A bother scorpion-1 iko in-
ENCOURAGING IIIM.
If I thought that any girl would accept me, casually remarked thc bashful Mr. Dolyers, I’d propose tomorrow.
Why not this evening? asked Miss
Foedick, coyly	*
Thc affair will take place in about
a month.
George, George
S Sn« EES
cold water.
iils blind away over thc rocks, and ¦&lks by sound and touch thc same
It is a wonderful thing to
proy
watch one of these creatures hunting a beetle, and almost impossible to realize its absolute blindness when ones secs how perfectly its movements correspond with those of its intended victim.
Often in the caves of the Peak of Derbyshire explorers may come across toads crawling slowly along among tin* moist stones not imagine that there is any truth in the stories of live toads being found in thc heart of rocks or lumps of coal
In 1,000 balloon ascents thc aver-of* fatal accidents is 4.
Mohommedan year begins in of thc Persian on August
age

it
AFTER THE RECONCILIATION
Ilooley
The
July; that 11th.
Dooley- •>
punch on the jaw opposite phwere blindfolded with a heavy bandage - kicked me.	over her eyes He then took a tiny
Hooley—Phat for?	mouse which he had procured and
Dooley—1 want yez to straighten held the lovely little thing by Us me out.	tail ‘*)cforc the girl’s face, though
not touching her, while ne ordered
had thrown her so completely off her guard and exposed the imposture. Of course she saw .t or else she would not have screamed. Needless to say the applicant did not get that certificate.
But they must
grave Turk," but it is
o
yez
Chugwatcr.
In 1700 there were in the House of Lords as
593 at present.
MUSICAL FISH
A toad, though it «.in fast months at a time, can net
but 17(1 Peers
for
exist Without food or air for cen-
turies

NOT HIS BUSINESS TO INQUIRE
Guv nor, said the dusty traveller, how far is it to Toronto?
'Bout a mile and a half, replied the
farmer.
Can I ride with you?
( Certainly
At thc end of three-quarters of an hour thc traveller began to be uneasy .
Guv nor, ho asked, how far are wo
from Toronto now?
'Bout four mile and a half.
Great haystacks! Why didn't you tell me you were going away from
Toronto?
Why didn’t you tell me you want to go there?
An
10*in. An age is an _
Anastasia—Didn’t I bury Mike,
didn’t I bury
didn’t I bury Timgpgge James and Jack?—so I think liam it would be wiser for me not to marry again. William—Chance me, Anastasia, dear Who knows but the tables may be turned this time!

Wil
of thirty fathoms
liberate	¦
and uncertain, the upper class English ns guarded and not always genuine. the lower-class English as explosive, the Scotch of all classes ns hearty, and the Irish as rollicking.
Climb in
tors
AN EXPENSIVE HAT.
The most expensive hat in the world is undoubtedly thc one which was presented to General Grant while he was in Mexico in 1882. It cost $1,500 in gold, and is now to be seen in thc National Museum at Washington, and is thc finest specimen of a Mexican sombrero ever made

The press grown in 1880, to 900 weeklies in 1900
Lady—The feet of thc ladies of your country arc compressed I believe? Japanese Attache—Oh madam; that is a Chinese custom. We in Japan allow our ladies’ feet to grow to their full size (politely) not that they can ever hope to rival mod «un.
CONCERNING SAVANTS.
I c-:ly— \\isdom is generally depict-
i as n man with a long, flowing beard.
Dolly-Yes; but my idea of wisdom is a man who has
no
Why, Johnnie, I’m ashamed of you. How could you toko little Ethel’s half of the apple away from her?
what you iold sister’s port-

The
tricts of for so large a district
sense enough to xu‘ar trimmed whiskers—or, none at
I haven’t forgotten to always take
of their food, a





###PAGE###3###

.-•I







would Join to make up the table, klegglu agreed, but, reluctantly, and presently they were seated In the card-room, which, strange to say, they had to themselves When they
rose from the whist-table, Surtees had lost a couple of hundred pounds to Captain Wingspur.
The Marquis now talked of going
home.
HIS
STOBY OF i STBir IBTTBfi'
ii
ft
The Untimely End of
Joseph Dewee,
\
If
ILL-GOTTEN f
r WEALTH I
Vf . . .	* X	? I low about your lesson In ecar-
t*****************************************	„w
swsiesdiee?
•====-1 - —- =%#=« a . * rirr $ t Hz ! 3£Ka» * ~ »J E =,	7"r~™ «a? -, ““-w snea; - - % c jra. dsïî
¦eea***
S3=ïæt. % 5* ' rjsj^ rs S'Frf ti % ™! 4T%z« ers z%2% a-ss/r,*: 'Mirit-c
ce ih~ “Ætïk a'ssni.r Tenser «.k'ü&Æ^sz'c:
cautious enough not to play bill!- ,,,, • K-~	10 bc continued). not wait a moment for a doctor or 'moJ’orla Periodica' or 'corusthma
^wsra-^sspss	” ™iss pl*™0.	^“
zS'ZEHi ES' j % SF^i^El	IE2*" “ ¦¦ ^ “*• !“”™ B~ “’ V“ EsssE S£a
Small people are often eaten up in his. cyca as he auid, "It's not so I the reception of a pure fluid, which I	Slowly. ! Itz the mLTteet rh^L^ffüf1 S,t?ln", . u
m	the passion to grow upon
It
I
!
H
m. I'ii
WHEW IS A LOST THING A
LOST THING ?
I
#
I
p
jXl'llW
X
I

Dr
leyd’s Wonderful , Strong Boom—Tragic End of an Ital-
ir.n Banker.
U
A
/ contention that nothing is ever lost is upheld by the postal au-
Excluding they declare that the
1
stolen letters,
4.	agency for the
.collecting and distribution of let-
!)cr8 1H Perfect that to lose a let-|ei altogether is an impossibility n sui>P°rt of this they cited some .wars ugo the following curious case.
A gentleman of fvondon betrothed to a young lady living in Sheffield had, in conformity with an arrangement previously arrived at, secured lodging ut (Iront Yarmouth for his lady love and her parent*, at the station when the train he ported them to travel by arrived, and they were not thepc I He spent the whole of the day at the station and wired twice as to
whether they had left Sheffield or not.


j
I
A
i
1
I
Ifo was
fi
ex-
ac-
CHAPTER II.—Continued To understand
As
aro set us the cor»
walls
or
STARVED TO DEATH
re-
çoit-'
room
the news*


in
POINTED PARAGRAPHS
z 1

%
are shose
i
officials, but It lays a sure founda- become sufficiently free from business tion for it, and it is remarkable how and householdegeeje|	jail
nevpr	i ?8siduous Japancse officials sent to f gether.
Europe on Government business are

I




Ones,
you talked of burning And now, sneered the ma% I am not permitted to smoke erfc* in tte house.



one.





###PAGE###4###
SMART & SMITH SHAWVILLB
MASSEY-HARRIS
We Offer
THE EQUITY.
Public Notice.
ffl
WARE-ROOMS
Province of Quebec
SEVILLE. AUGUST 15,	............
I dersigned Seei n l reasuroi that i !>«• _	. ,	.. ,	, .	.	I Collection!] toll of the said Municipality of
b immolai and iinhiHtvvAl ileprestuon is the Township of Clarendon Is now made
reported to he spreading in Germany, ttn,t completed for the current year, 11*01, tod suspensions of large business von- and also the Collection Hell for the said
verns w becoming « matter of daily uc I	Mh*i^uU'Ttl,e m\\-
way bonus. Both collection rolls are dc«
^	, posited in the office of the undersigned.
Ottawa, August 8.—The Department \\\ persons whose names appear thereon of agricu’tarai has been receiving enqui- as li able for the payment <>f any assess-
hay, meat* and jama which have Vven n,ltivv, withou*t, further notice, sent acr« si for use in South Africa, have , (jpen at Shaw ville, this 12th day of the materially increased business in these month of August, one thousand nine huiv various lines, N w the Ii rial euthori* dred and one ties are anxious to see how Canadian oats will till ths b V, and an order has, it is | believed, been received for an amount in the neighborhood of 1, 500 tons. Spacial directions and precautions have been received as the consignment is somewhat of
..."sir V-li.":?. d;£d\,r: 1i* ^ «»•<¦•> "»« Radin Capo Town.	roim Riki.k association has leased a por
tion of the property designated as :
Lot N. W. Half of S. K. Half of No 18 on the 7th Range of Clarendon,

a few more pieces
Summer Dress Goods
Threshing Mill Men :
and the balance of
pn>
cilia no«
Readymade Blouses
tin
pay
We are now prepared to supply you with
at the same discounts as last week.
See the Blouses at 25 and 50 cents.
Binder Twine at right prices—best brands.
H MATH EBON,
Sec,-Treasurer
Mill Teeth, (aU kinds)
Belting Cylinder and Machine Oils.
Public Notice
*
an
-A PULL ASSORTMENT OF -
House and Floor Paints, Varnishes, Stains, See.
We are sole agents in Campbell’s Bay for
Art Baking Pçwder and Spices and SALADA Teas.
Final Warning to The Boers
drastic proclamation issVKV by lord | for the puipo.se of using the name a» a
and the public are notified
Ri tie Range
to take cognizance thereof and be govern London, August'.). The Government 1 l(1 ,(l.(.on|ingiv
has published, in the form of a parliamentary paper, a proclamation issue 1 by Lord Kitchener, on August 7, in accordance with instruction from the imperial Government, the Governments of Cape Colony and Natal concurring.
The reasons of the Government for the proclamation are set forth in a preamble as follows. :
“Whereas, the late Orange Free State and South African Republic have been annexed to His Majesty a forces are and have been for some considerable time, in complete possession of the seat of government of both the aforesaid territories, with their public offices and the whole machinery of administration, as well as of all the principal towns and the whole of the railways ; and,
“Whereas a great majority of the burghers of the two late re oublies, to the number of 35,000, exclusive of those who have fallen in the war, are now either prisoners or have submitted to his Majesty's government and are living peaceb'y in towns and camps under control of his Majesty’s for.es ; and,
" Whereas the burghers of the late republic, .till in arms are net only few in I , Wlll h,„ their di.p’ayi viewed by number but Ivive lust almoitall their gun.	Rl,yal Highnenee. Secretary Me-
and munition, of war ani are devoid of	Mlhon mforma ua<nfl~r .pec al parade
regular military orgwiiz itioa, and are.	of the horêes anJ c.vtlc win bl, ^ranged,
therefore, unable to carry on any warfare	jf neeeMery for lhe benefit of the Duke
nrto offer any organized re.iatan.-e	,nd Duehl8., t0 ehow the splendid qua-	J	GRAHAM
H.e Majesty , forces m any part of the	||t of tbe ,tock riised in ,hi. gleriou.	W*	^	m
country ; and,	i	land of our., than which (pardon the in-
“ hereaz, those burghers who are tsjectim) there is none better on the still in a.ill., though unable to carry on eh^,e fac . <|f tke earth :	And we are
regular warfare, c .ntinue to make la listed ,ure p rvmlil s fur the r yal party attacks upon small po« , and detachmen a ' t0 se# the di,pl,y tb lt wji| be made at of tiia Majesty a forces, to plunder or lh# 0,tatra Fair tl) ba convins,d, a. we destroy property and to damage railway that Canadiai a do nof lake second and telega^ph lines ; anl,	place to any other people in anything they
Whereas, the country is thus kept in I Undertake a state of d s‘urbancd, checking the re
KITVHKNKR
The attention of the public Is also directed to paragraph 401, R. & O. Sit of the Militia Act. which roads as follows :
Best materials and correct prices.
o
“ If any person wilfully does any damage to any butt or target belonging to or lawfully used by any Militia corps or battalion ; or without leave of the officer commanding such corps or battalion, or the officer in charge of the range upon which such butt or target may be placed, searches for bullets in, or otherwise disturbs the soil forming such butt or target, or in the immediate vicinity thereof shall, for every such offence be liable, on the prosecution of the commanding officer or of the officer in charge to a penalty not exceeding twenty dollars ($‘20.0l)Vw it h or without imprisonment for a term not exceeding six months."
“ No member by reason of his Wing such shall have any estate or interest in the property of tne Radford Hide Association other than the right to use the As-sotiation property at the rifle range in accordance with the resolutions or decisions of the committee &0„ p. 5.
MACFARLANE BROS.
SMART & SMITH
1901
1901
OR
OREMOST
URNITURE.
THE DAVID MAXWELL & SONS ¦H SHOW-ROOMS, SHAWVILLE, QUE
FARMERS !
call and inspect our
. [Binders,
Mowers
9
We are meeting your demand for cheap, medium and extra Bedroom Suites, Extension Tables, Parlor Tables and Chairs. In Oak, Ash and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.
•i
Par. lti. H
BY ORDER OK COMMITTEE Radford, August 13, 1901.
assortment of
We have also a first-cl
PERSONAL ATTENTION.
CHARGES MODERATE. SATISFACTION GUARANTEED
TERMS RE ASON A RLE.

SHAWVILLE
*4
WHY BUY a low grade Flour simply because it’s 25 to 50 cents a barrel cheaper than our
and
Rakes.
“Gold Medal” Brand,
#	,	. , , There will be great doings at Ottawa
sumption of agricultural and industrie, i „,ek _S#pUmHer 13 to 21-and as both
"SZZL	which we guarantee will produce 36 to 37 8-lb.
pans of beautiful flaky, white bread ? If you are «.a-»"’ usin& a Poorflour compare results and you will ™,n rf.vS “d	B*5> I	"" —- *‘!l k‘ *	pay the difference in price every time.
families ; and,
Whereas, it is jutt to proceed against those still residi ng, and especially against those persona who, being in a position of authority are responsible for the continu-
We have also Buggies, Express
agons, Harness,.Churns.
McRAE & McGUIRE

one
Used by local and city Bakers
BRISTOL BRIEfS
Special Prices in 5-barrel lots.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
THE MARKETS.
The rapidly recurring years have ance of the p.'eient state < î la wlessness brought to these shores the modern de-and are instigating their fellow burghers , manj fot the summer resort.
to continue their hope,ess resistance to At the beautiful bay called Nuiwiy ations of Sunday bstheie. etc., if arte-
8 Government.	j with which, hither o “ the old folk have aian wd s bubbled up at frequent inter-
Iheiefore, it is oxtered that a. associated the terminus of the earthly vais along the future boulevards of commandants, held cornets and leaders j pilgrimage, there is bursting upon the Beu'ah Bay of armed bands, being burghers of the Vi(jon BCell ,8 that may culminate in a sea late Republics, ard still engaged in resisting His Majesty's forcer, whether ir.
NEW
GOODS
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 00 to 00c Oats per bushel, 20 to 30c. Pease per bushel, 00 to 02c. Buckwheat, 40c. per bush.
also the following bills : A. Smiley, $14 for two road scrapers; Morrison, 75 cts. for three cedars; W. A. Hodgins, $4 for outside work; D. McRae, 50 cents for repairing scrapêr; James Smith, 60 cts. for three logs.—Carried.
Moved by Coun. John Smiley, sec by | Eggs, per dozen, lOo.
Butter, per pound, |4 to 15c
“ They siy ” the Great Spirit has given the Bristol Prebyterians the minis er ft r the times
the current wail, of all of tie who did not hear him last Sunday. H s message to the children, was the uniques?, and a wise auditor said to Psmtljr’s wife, Mr. Morrison ought to get it copyrighted at one* and sent to the Youth’s C ompanion and the Boy’s Page of the Witness, or tin peripatetic ev.mglista exhorter» and even visiting preachers ought induce temporarily in “errare hum an urn
NEW
GOODS
son city of large proportions.
Mr. Gladstone said that one former the t >rargd Lui my, the Transvaal or Was batter than many reformers.
other portion of tiia Majesty’s South The after yeais will rise up and call African dominions, and all members of those bier sad who may give wise directi he Governments of the hue < Grange T ree jon t he method of operation ii l^stab’ish-S ate and Transvaal shall, unless they ; ^ the banc regulations that are to surrender before S |Vember 1». be P-*"" govern the cit'z m if they would enter manently barished from Sou h Africa. jnt0 legitimate competition for a share in The coat of the maintenance of the fam- the ^^Yld’s commerce, ilies of all burghers in the held who Rim hier, who is from every place but have not surrendered by September 15, lure and maybe from here before an-ehall be recoverable from such burghers ! ofher diurnal sweep of this tern ne. Is and shell be a charge upon their property jnforme*d that all the town lots along the re moveable and immovable in the two, wa»er% are owned by private ind.vidusl*.
oolouiei. *'	Why not have a public park reaching
The preliminary ccrrespocd nee shows from lhe brow of the hill to the water s riiüt the proclamation is based upon sug- | ed^e, where Rusticua and Nauticua may gestions which the Government of Natal L^fo,table drink the nectarine of Na-forwarded t) the Colonial Secretary, I lure a Nervura, and inbreathe balsamic Mr. Chamberlain, on .July 24, and that j ^a)ro—41 under his own vine and tig tree the date, September 15, was recommended I none daring to mcleit him or make him by Lord Miner.	| afraid ’* I
A symposium of prophetic Brilliants and Scientific Savinte, announce! a few months ago through The Lidias' Home Journal, that one of the boons of the twentieth century wou'd be the complete Visitors to Ottawa's exhibition this year I obc 1 turn of the horse and all its associ-which from all accounts promises to be ! ated petifera. But he is not yet dimvs -
bigger and far superior to any show here-: ®d. The cottagers gracefully enjoy t ) tofore—will havei n opportunity of seeing i the very frequent pleasure of the bathe Duke of Cornwall, the heir to the | mane driver cutting corners to the river Brit ah throne and his charming consoit. ! to refresh the Egyptian luxury.
Their Royal Highnesses are to arrive in 1 he biped with a bag full of questions, Ottawa during Fair week. They have re* 1 slid to a Resorter the other day, who ceived a special invitition to attend the j has determined to secure the privacy with Ottawa Exhibition an! as the Fair is j & wire fence. Why r.ot imitate but not superior to all others held in Canada, ex- • mimicate ether folk 1 cept Toronto, and fully equal to the! Neatly mot toed cards on the cor.sp cu-ehow of that city, it is very likely that j ous tiese might be made the proverbial the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall will I “word to the wise, and at the same take advantage of the splendid opportu-1 time maintain the unfenced community nity thus afforded to see what they are | “ K? AS you pleaie, which is one of tho greatly interested in, the products of the indispensible ingredients of 1 andora s
Dominion's forests and mines, the stock panacea.	.
raised, the yield of the fields and or-1 Legislation and Sanitation with jingo ohards, and the manufactures of scap suds will never restore a Paradisaic the brighest gem in the British Em- condition, but as Dr. Parkhurst says,
they may make a cimier per.
If Kitcheners engineer, by inexpensive scientific genius, could repeat the “historic ditches and produce flowing wells of sparkling water in the African desert, how much more,or at l ad may|we not suggest that the m athetic s>ut wou’d be unburdened of many malodorousaesoci-
1 am sorry 1 missed it' is
Conn. W. A. Hudgins, the N. E. 50 acres of Lot No. 5 «»u 7th Range he put after the name of Robert Ernest Smith;
36 acres of the same put after the name of James Smith. The present valuation on 86 acres be equally divided according to the valuation per acre. —Carried.
Moved by Coun. James Robinson, sec. by W. C. Hodgins, that Rural Inspector,
R W. Ralph, be instructed to go to the 13th concession, and travel from between lots 14 and 15 to the Litcfield line, and report to this Council what steps would be necessary for this Council to take to have the line opened through. —Carried.
Moved by Coun. John Smiley, sec. by Coun. Wm. C. McDowell, that the demand of John Strutt be laid over till our next meeting. —Carried.
Moved by Wm. C. McDowell, see. by W. Hodgins, that the Sec. -Tread. be and is hereby instructed to pay Road Inspector John Armstrong the road labor of A.
Barber or Rev. R. Horner $1.88.—
Carried.
Moved by Coun. Wm. C. McDowell,
sec. by John Smiley, that the rate of I Empr.si Frederick of Germany, the assessment of i of 1 cent on the dollar of e;dest daughter of Her late Majesty, every dollar on the X aluation Roll be, j Queen Victoria, and mother of the present and is hereby levied fur municipal pur Emparor William, died on Tuesday liât poses, for the year It>01, and also j of j from cancer of the stomach, from which one cent in the dollar of	every dollar on j malady she lnd long been a patient
the V aluation Roll be,	and	is hereby	sufferer. Her Majesty was	conec'ous to
levied to defray interest and sulking j @nd, which came calmly and pain-fund of the railway bonus for the year leeBly All her children were present ex-1901, and that a by-law be now framed j cej,t Prince Henry, who ii with his squad-to that effect.—Carried.	j ron off the Spinish coast, and their
By bv-law the Municipal (	ouncil has	mother recognized them ill,	though she
levied j of one cent on	the	dollar for	wag ^00 qreak to convene.
purposes, and j of on cent on for interest on sinking.
Wool, per pound, 15 to 16c. Pelts, each, 00 to 75c.
Hides, $1.00 to $5.50. Calfskins, 35 to 40 cents each.
NOW OPENING OUT
AT-
% Up-to-Date Store
STARKE’S
CORNERS.
OTTAWA
Butter, print, 20c. per lb.
u pails. 16 to 19c. per lb. Eggs, fresh, 15c. per ooz.
New Potatoes, $1.00 per bag. Lamb, 7 to 10c. per lb. Mutton, 7 to 10c. per lb.
Beef, 0 to 0c. per lb;
Pork. $8.00 to $8.75 per 100. Chickens, 40 to 00c. a pair. Oats, 40 to 42c. per bushel.
Hay, $0.50 to $8.00 per ton. Wool, 10 to 14c. per lb.
est
At the “Old Picnic Ground under the pines that reverently bowed of yore to the «Seraphic Ward rope and received many concusaive vibrations from his “sons of thunder " in annual congregational gatherings there have been instituted' religious services. Last Sunday afternoon Evangelist Russell, “one of the old S Ivor Creek boys spoke as he said to Rambler, to one of the most appreciative and responsive audience. Mr. D. J. Craig is to be the orator next Lord’s Day.
The prophetic hope is burning with tropical intensity that that spot may become the seat of one of the largest and most beatific B.ble summer school# on the
Yours truly,
Ortho panopticus.
Come and have a look at our several lines of Spring Goods now open for inspection.
The Duke and Duchess and the
Ottawa Fair.
Dowager Empress of Germany
Dead
Silas Young.
continent
CLARENDON COUNCIL
Town Hall, Shaw ville,
5th August, 1901.
Regular session of the Council this
FRESH and CURED
MEATS
day
Members Present : Mr. Mayor John Stewart ; Councillors : Joon Smiley, W. A. Hodgins, Wm. C. McDowell, Fred. Thomas and Janies Robinson.
Minutes of last meeting read.
Moved by Coun. W, A. Hodgins, sec. by Coun. Fred Thomas, that the minutes of last meeting as now read, be and are hereby confirmed.—Carried.
Moved by Coun. W. C. McDowell, sec.
A. Hodgins that the Re
z
nmnci the do
Moved by W. A. Hodgins, sec. by Fred. Thomas, that we adjourn—Carried.
Hugh Mathrson, Sec.-Tie,is
In the codicil t) his will Admiral Sir John Edmond Commerell, V. C., who died in England on May let last added ;
Having had fatal experience of the iniquity of the law tnggÈjg decisions have been mon sense and justice, 1 entreat the parties interfered in my will not to appeal to the law if any difficulty may arise, but to arbitrate. Having been swindled myself by every lawy had anything to do with this advice to my heirs, executors and assigns.”
of all kinds at
THE SHAWVILLE
IV|eat Market
J. 0. McGUIRE,
i s
certain cases, when
Thera was wisdom in the decirnn of that New York girl who broke her engagement to marry a man of the same city because she saw him cruelly abuse a horse. The lady in the case probably saved herself a few welts after the wedding, for the man cruel to the dumb animal ii generally not very gentle with the kind that talk.
given against com
%
•tin
port of the Auditors of the Sec.-Treas, accounts l>e, and is hereby accepted, a~J that the same be given to The Equity for publication.—Carried.
Moved by Coun. John Smiley, sec. by Coun. James Robinson, that the Auditors be paid $5.00 each, when in funds ;
True, the Duke and Duchess will
pire ¦
be kept busy in the Capital*, but ss they will not have the privilege of seeing any other large idea of the capabilities of the Dominion that they chiefly desire, it is almost certain that the exhibit* n from this portion ct the coun
•I*
fair in Canada and as it is an people, the resources, and
er that I ever makes me offer
Proprietor.
#

M

	
A

###PAGE###5###

* r






X: "*K


THE EQUITY,
Court Shawvillfr,
Ko. 816.
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
LOF
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
Y THURSDAY
at HHAWV1LLK, Co. PONTIAC. QUE. SUBSCRIPTION-$1.QQ A HAN IN ADVANCE.
• No paper stopped until all arrearages iwild, unless by special arrangement with tbs publisher.
t
IM
M*>et* the 4th Wed me s day of every month.
Court dues must be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited
G.F.HODGINS
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.
PUBL!
*
L.B.C
A. SMILEY, Prop.
¦T. A. Cowan, R 8
H. 8. BAKNSTT.r.fl
»re
Direct Importer.
John Beckbtt, C. K.
0!
ADVBRTiÜlNO RATES 1
HAWVILLB HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH. Proprietor.
s
The Celebrated
IV|cLaughlin Carriages
Now in Stock.
at1 s:s p z k
”efb subsequent Insertion.
Business card» not exceeding one Inch Inerted at $4.00 per year.
Loral auuounoemenU Inserted at the rate nf rtve t'ente per line tor Orel Insertion and three cents for subsequent Insertions.
mmerclal advertising by the month or fnr longer periods Inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without instructions accompanying them will be Inserted out 11 forbidden and charged for accordingly.
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-Itlehed free of charge. Obituary poetry three X cents per line.	y .
We are just in receipt of invoices of two large consignments of Merchandise direct from the European markets.
The spot for
(
A Fashionable Hair Cut Good Shampoo, ou A Clean Shave.
tW Your Turn next.
ALL STYLES ALL PRICES
CEO. HYNES,
JOB PRINTING
LOT 1
AU kind# of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Order# by mall promptly i tended
These Carriages stand unrivalled for Finish, Workmanship or quality of Material used.
At the Paris Exposition last year the McLaughlin Carriages were awarded the Silver Medal—the highest honor attainable in their class, and the whole exhibit was sold in Paris, proving that for real merit these
goods are on top.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLB, - • QUB.
Comprises a General Line of FANCY and STAPLE DRY GOODS, for our fall trade from Glasgow.
JOHN A. COWAN
Publisher
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
LOT 2
F. M.*. McNwighH >4., M.D.,C.M.
A large, well selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Graduate or McGill University," Office—Residence of the late Dr. H. H
Knox, Shaw ville.
Offloe hours—Monday, Wednesday and Saturday afternoons.
Comprises 100 LADIES’ MANTLES for early fall and winter wear, direct from a manufacturer of Berlin, Germany.
A. SMILEY.
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging* from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D-, C. M
Just received—A car-load of Chatham waggons The best.
f
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity UuWerslty, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto.
J. U AansTaoao's Hoos*, . - SHAWVILL*.
These goods should arrive within ten days and will be well worthy the inspection of the ladies of Pontiac................
Further particulars will be given in this column on their arrival.
QREAT
CLEARING SALE
-OF-
MILLINERY GOODS.
mbs. McWilliams
Orrici awn Baaiatvoi : MAIN STREET
Express and Buggy Wheels
ALL SIZES. RIGHT PRICES.
McDOUCALL and CUZNER,
m
LEGAL.
BODRBEAD RAINVILLE, L. L, L
%
i
ADVOCATE . . BHYSON
Shaw villi every Monday
m
t
WILL VISIT
SI
V
WM. GAMBLE,
V
BARRISTER, Ac.,
Hoorn 33, Tmst Building. No. 48 Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Siiawvllle, aeoood ami fourth Thursday
of each month.
-am re-over O. F. Hodglos’ Store, Main St.
IS OFFERING HER STOCK OF MILLINERY GOODS AT
o
WHOLESALE PRICES.
C. F. HODCINS.
$3.00 Hats at $1.75.
Sailors at 10, 13 and 20 Dents, to clear them out.
Veiling 10,15 and 20 cents.
Flowers below cost.
All Trimmed Hats at a very low price.
HARDWARE MERCHANTS,
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
advocate, BARRISTER, AC
OF THK PROVINCE OF QUBBBC,
p g _42 Men’s Waterproof Coats at wholesale prices—$1.75 up.
All must be sold by August 20th
TrUSl ““«&» Street .Ottawa.
Phone No. 1324.
Xttends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
PONTIAC Here it is !
WOOLLEN
A good opening for a good milliner ns 1 li done a ca trade|flHMBm
mrs. McWilliams
ARTHUR McCONEELL, B. C. L.
ADVOCATE.
LAW CHAMBERS J
f
The Place
Murder at the “ 800
MAIN STREET HULL, - • QUE
The Secretary-Treasurer in Account with the School Corporation of the Township of Clarendon.
Sauit St». Marie, August 8 —A man named S**holtz, aged 40, living on Gore etiojr, shot ami kij d a woman said to he his aunt yesterday afternoon. He tired six shots altogether in'e the cheat and wind i ipe of hie v ctim, * ho died 20 minuits afterwards. He also tired a shot at his 12 year-o'd cousin. The bullet went through the left aide of the body, grazing hr rite The girl is not seriously injured.
Kch 1 z, after committing the deed, went down to the Ever slu re and endeavoured to get a boat in which to cross over to the Michigan “S >0," but was arrested before he could do so. He admitted hie gu h to the Chief Constable, but gave no reason for the act. After shooting the woman and g rl he turned the pitt 1 on himself and inflicted a w ight wound on the bridge of the nose.
The arrest of Scholtz, the man who shot and killed his aunt, was effected by Constables Pearson and Marshal just be fore Chief Downoy reached the place where Scholtz was trying to get a boat to cross to the American side. He was arraigned before Mayor Thompson and was committed for trial. The 12-year old girl wounded was not shot intentionally. She stood between Scholtz and hie victim.
MILLS
At Shaw ville 3rd Thursday each month. \t request attends Courts in District or ¦ I Prompt collections and hume-
Special attention to
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
Pontiac iliate remittances i orrespondent*.
DR
;
$25 :u
694 79 2398 52 A 75 00* 228 86
Have commenced operations for the season and will be found thoroughly equipped to do a satisfactory trade with the farmers of the surrounding country.
Custom work will receive
careful and prompt attention, and the public may XJefttly d.0H6 at lowest rely on getting the best sat-’ ¦
isfaction
To Cash on hand per last Audit......
11 Uncollected taxes...............
“ Taxes as per Collection Roll, 1900
“ Superior Education Grant.........
i‘ Elementary School Grant.........
11 Mis Haliday, lost time. ........
«* 2 per cent, on Teachers salaries, Pension Fund
“ School Fees......................
W. W. IRELAND,
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Dee'll
ComMo»» •«'SSrZffi™* «il.
3 06
Mortgages
factortty.
Eavetroughing,
Hoofing and
Impairing
*7 74
788 80 - $4254 12g
QUE
SHAWVILLE - -
OR
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L.,
NOTARY FOR THE
1900
$12 00
Mrs. Robert Telford, lighting fires.....
Reman Armstrong, hill of repairs........
W. C. Hudgins....... ...................
C. Caldwell, board bill................
James Creek, sweeping, etc.............
Telephone, -Bryson......................
Telegrams to Teachers...................
Montreal Witness.......................
George H. Bradford. 14 Journals .......
E. W. Hudgins and J. R Horner, Auditors
J, A. Cowan, Printing...................
J. H. Brown, for lumber.................
McCredie A Hudgins, two benches........
Mrs. Murphy Montreal Vvi
G. F. Hod gins, supplies......
Robert Smart, for pail....• • • •
Robert Smart, for visiting school Mrs. James Findlay, sweeping..
James McDowell, sweemng Mrs. Mary Telford, bill of ¦
George Thomas, work on drain.....
Alonzo Draper, bill of repairs...
Maxieme St. Jean, fees...........
John Belsher, firewood...........
Montreal Witness, add............
W. C. Hudgins, firewood. ........
Telephone to Miss Carraichal.. . . .. William Smith, exemption 1 child..
W. 0. Belsher, for 5 cords firewood Receipt Book to give out.........
July 14
1 64
N UTkelTa	AVIN08
money to loan on easy terms.
QUE.
18
(> 00
20
fiO 67 13 00
21
BRYSON
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and Sat urday of every week.
3
Aug
25
7
50
prices.
13
25
15
2 50

DALE BROS.,
J. J. TURNER,
15 11 28 44 29 44
à
8 00
ANDREW HODCINS,
LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County
HSUS
13 50 12 00
Shawville.
29
1 00
29 44
X
RO
13 00
; i$»r sweeping, etc itness............
29
26
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
n
Oct
WANTED
1 10
21
70
27 44
18 00
Qualified teacher lady for section No. 1
Leslie. Apply, stating salary, to
H. H. SEAMAN.
. Otter Lake, Que
HOTELS.
27 44
2 00
Killed By A Bull.
Wooliey, N. W. T , Aug. 7—On Sunday Del a bull belonging to Schar, a Ger man, living north of Elleeboro, broke its tethering rope and went along with the herd ( f catt’e which was being tended by Schar’e daughter, a girl of about 14 years of age. During tho morning the beast attacked the girl furiously and killed her. The girl’s body was found about twenty yards from where the bull first attacked
her
Nov
9
1 30
St. Lawrence Sail,
13
Advertise in The Equity.*
2 83
extras
13
10 00
Otter Lake, July 18, 1901
19
1 50
1
Dec
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Propriety
Good Accommodation. Table and Bur al ways well furnished.
First-class Livkby Attached.
4 10
10
10 35
5 GO
Mrs. R. W. Ralph, sweeping...
Montreal Witness and Star adds
W. C. Hudgins, sweeping........
18	44 Miss MacFarlane, supplies-----
14 Arthur Horner, sweeping.......
“ Miss Carey, su Dpi “ Miss Annie Ralph
44 John Belsher, on contract..................
44 Miss Bartlett, supplies......>.............
44 Mrs. J. W. Murphy, sweeping................
44 John Belsher, balance of bill .............
44 Mabel Armstrong, bill of supplies..........
29 44 Harvey Glenn, balance for sweeping...........
4. Supplies for Teacher No. 9................
4 Kate Stevenson, supplies...................
4 John A. Cowan, Printing....................
29	44 Amount awarded to Sec.-Treas. extra postage
....
Secretary-Treasurers salary..
Taking Census per Sec.-Treas
Postage and Stationery......
Ethel Johnson, sweeping-----
Silas Armstrong, repairs....... |
Mrs. Thomas George Johnson, bal Miss Eliza Ardil, awarded ..
Thomas Armstrong, board bill
Teachers Salaries...........
Uncollected taxes and arrears Balance Cash on hand........
8
June
13
52
2 00
11
14 4
17 00
8 00
11
16

65
21
2 00
3 00
28
24
5 40
12 00
lies, e c...........
, balance sweeping
26
27
1 25
7 00
29
31
5 00
m
29
1900
44
7 50
V ictoria Crosses Have Arrived
The militia department has been advised tint the Victoria crosses, won for distinguished bravery in South Africa by Sergt. Holland, Ottawa ; Lieut. Cockburn Toronto, and Lieut. Turner, Quebec, have arrived at Halifax addressed to the commander of the imperial forces there. It ie proposed to ask liis Excellency the Governot-General to ask His Royal Highness the Duke of Cornwall and York to present them.
29
Mathew Thompson, repairs
Add. for Teacher----- -	;
Henry McDowell, for lighting hres, etc
Samuel Smiley, firewood.............
John Grant, firewood
15 10 11 55
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and
k JEWELLER
eases
A SELECT STOCK Of WATCHES,
CLOCKS, JEWELLERY, SILVERWARE
Ac. Ac.
Jan. 2
26
29
' ?A
4 44
19 00 29 00 16 00
29
1 15
5
29
3 00
8
80
*
12
4 60
29
A
Henry McDowell, repairs ...
Dale Bros., pipes and elbows Mrs. Finlay, sweeping, etc.. Lewis Cuthbertson, dry hardwood John Rabitaille, firewood....... -
Mrs. Ringrose, disinfecting school John Telford, whitewashing,
C. Caldwell, board hill .... Simon Barber, firewood....
John Belsher, bill of repairs Fred Tippins, firewood.....
1 30
12
1 55
29
6 75
12
2 00
29

17
2 10
10 00 120 00 10 00
Fehy. 11
16 52
18
3 05
29
20
6 00
29
etc
8 00
20
13 76 20 57
29
10 00
21
ft

29
75
Repairing—
a Speciality
March 5 4
7 00
29
In the bo tom. of a at raw-berry box opened at Hutchinson, Kan., the other day, the following note was found wfitted on the emoith wood : 441 am Cora Marsh, aged sixteen, of Logan, Mo. Never been kissed.”
2 00
fi 44
contract
lfi 25 14 38
29
10 00 12 00 2387 42
9
sHAiraiE, g
29
9
1 45
29
lies, per Eftie Wilson
G. F. Hodgins,
G. F. Hodgine, chalk.......
Mrs. James Finlay, on account
John Rabaird, firewood......
William Fades. Note........
E. Hodgins & Huns, pau.....
J. Graham, one chair.......
Henry Glenn, sweepi g.......
George Wainnwn, repairs.....
Telephone to Teachers.......
12
15

960 12#
46 57J —4254 12#
12 44
5 00
29
Fifteen railway mail clerks, running on the 0. P. R. west of Ottawa, have united in a petition to the Minister of Labor,
Hon. Mr. Mulock, asking that he interest
himself towards bringing the trackmen's	- t..	.
strike to a conclusion. The mail clerk, breath he heard a crackling sound A feel that at a result of the strike the doctor discovered that the crackling tracks have become unsafe for travel and sound was made by a small heckle on that they are vitally interested.	suspenders.
29
17 75 lfiO 00
29
30 44 April 1 “ 13 “ 26 44
A man in Riy county, Me., became convinced recently that he had incipient consumption. Every time he drew a full
We the undersigned have duly examined the accounts and vouchers of your Secretary-Treaanret, and certify them to be correct
20
76
E. W. Hodgins, James R. Hobnhr,
6 00
27
42
Shawville, Que., July 26, 1912
May 12 4
25

###PAGE###6###





g»S,Œv^NL
INDIA
THE HAILWAY A CIVILIZER
T T
xa
Teaches Natives in Africa to Work and Wear Clothes.



U is scarcely necessary to point out how the Uganda railway will
SÀLABAlIilp mmss r
(3001) WATER
An absolute necessity on the farm wbother in summer or winter, is an ui-umlaut source of pure cool water
1 m'mg thcso excessively hot days am still more to come, both man and beast will drink lavishly of natures wholesome beverage, and their Physical welfare will depend largely upon its quality.	* *
There are perhaps of wat, i drink it.
#
w
#
as ninny kinds as there are people who
Ask nearly any farmer if drinking watei
¦¦ of three years^i - ¦ drought, the railway has brought % ¦¦¦ j food a»id shelter ; and no sign of the j % _
« ii
eii** »
ed is pure and wholesome. To know ! 0,10 Way of discovering them, that " ù, thcir «rms about each I FE0M THE TWAINS, tlmt .î. possesses these qualities is to ; * by u Proper system of book-keep- ‘	,1'!°“. nskod tho cause, thev	-
S?XSs£s=
mis taken from wells and cisterns- j cost. a*lti rvvenuc is all that is ’ «,nv ?!?« l° ,mak? up their minds 1 c°pl<> travelling from the east and I gfad ruts rabbits, mice, chickens ffqUlr!7f* 1 ,lerc can bo u record of other -'h i nn*°y themselvos ns the ^cst Wl11 come within the zone of
SEEZ'55'.Ê
which the water was used bv the en-	product. and charged with her 1 de cone J»h.° *,r°Ub 0 to on? »» the ! 8elf Surrounding Urn setting of
tire village.	hoard. Tlu? results determine whether ' t!’1ough against the pro- .t e, exposition there arc numerous
iir
mmmm£
to go unan:ounted for, there arc fmnnr nxr . . ^ —	-he < hildren s absence to go away |	.	,	°	Tacoma.
those through whose hands the result I H A I, If Y f A Ç V	0,1 some expedition of her own. ig- L ,, “°allng bottle dropped in the
of their labors are constantly leak- vllljkjUlj 1 ( AoJu	norant or heedless of tho burden of , f. Strcnzu WiU cross the Atlantic
mg and whose losses are such that	nnniinr*	sorrow and anxiety she had inflicted Iln ubout 180 days-
COMES UP AGAIN. “tCîït itl.
l*cst and highest use. J; .s' son»* ^	__i five days of their outing, but their
times a waste to dovpto too much I V*-  	I father was not in prison, and that
imid to some one pnrtiaïïtr ei oH I^OHIIFLETCHER, A FABM vp I consoled them
'vlien the unccrtaintiok of the mail;- CTTRED OF LUMBAGO BY
LT*"® ,;SUdl 1,8 to •cave ruonTto? f DODD’S KIDNEY FILLS ¦s- One of the greatest wastes
comes from failure to spend money „	_ ,
decided^ ,mprovome,,t?- U is a 0ne of the Thousand Similar Cas- Thlngs You Musn't Do if You
imam
WËimmËËËmËm
;.-pt 22 «sets; svsm%%r.% srti" «*•'
ln. ..y"16 °!,e properly and rcd c?lor- 1 consulted the b«*t mod- streets with
, tiiaL ,18 Possible out of it, 'cal doctors in the country but thev ! must—not bark * than to work ten acres for what could not help me. Finally I got should be got out of one. Scientific some Dodd’8 Kidney Fills in G ran ton farming means intensive farming ftnd they Proved nil that I could utilizing every inch of ground, keep- wish- In a very short time my back mg tho soil at a maximum state of was M wod ns ever and the Kidney fertility and forcing it-with necessary dlsordcr had completely gone '3 noting interval* of course-to yield to its utmost limit, There should not be any waste places on the farm any more than there should be waste goods on the merchant’s shelves All land, good and bad alike stituto the farmer’s invested
?
his
will tell
you,
countv
?

I
i
t
FLAGRANT
j o0:: iz as %:	- «¦*	?
*
• . »1100
î

9
O
--------mer- i	—---------------IHTZH».
a pcrfiot liquid dentifrice for the ? Two 7*coL 9uarl0 Brown Folding Machines, each . .
• $400 •
#
Two Roger’s Typographs, in first-class order, each .
e
25e!
. $550 •

Also Cutting Machine, Stones, Stands,
Body and Display Type. •
Ea»jr Terms will he Given,
Pluiit the aboTeMaehiuery^’tidTypa^wl'i'l^hcf ilUposetro? fttVjncr^flcl8
| The Wilson Publishing Co., of Toronto
_	TORONTO, CANADA:
•ee»#eee®ee»Seee®ee*#e##ee#e#eeeeee#ee<

On account of adding n more
;
o
#
©
J limited o
9
Oit
THIS SEASON'S

The
For MOWERS, REAPERS, THRESHING MACHINES,
Eto ,
.. “S” PEERLESS
It Favorite with Ontario Farmers over 20 Years before the Public. See that you gat It Hardware, Drug and General ¦: : * Hold# 17 Gold Medals.
Stereo eeW It
cijYoa®®;
USE MIOA AXLE GREASE.
to,
W P c 10S8
for
CALVERTS
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
car
For all skin ailments,
& & Calmt A Oo., Manohseter, litgUuid
engin i«nr
SUPPLIES. Aabeetoe Ooeda, Covering, Lubricating ou«, Orta see. etc.
WM. SUTTON OOMPOUND CO.,
Limited,
TORONTO.
1

muwiax*
'K


METAL ROOFERS
Toeowto. Oat.*
and
Brass Band
Connections from
a .	,	Duluth v___
Superior and for Helena are made en route.
Send to Chas. S. Fee, General Passenger Agent, St. Paul, six cents for Wonderland 1901, a royal book having a chapter on this royal train.
and
of her last
Instruments, Drums, Uniforms, etc
EVERT TOW» CAN HAVE A BAND
ffialej Joyce t Co.. %%%,%»
0M” »
On an average f world's population
BYARD McMULLIN
1.700.000 of the are constantly
Chatham. Ont
1 was cured, of Inflammation bv aUoat HINAKD'S LINIMHNT	*
IN THE KAISER S COUNTRY.
Dominion Line Steamships
EîSiEEsi^
MUS. W. W. JOHNSON. Walsh, Ont.
1 wns cured of Facial Neuralgia bv MINAIID'S LINIMENT.
Mino rfl's liniEi cures Goroei in cons.
1 lie present growth of London's
J. H. BAILEY. Population is 2,500 a month, or over
80 a day.
are
Farksdale, Ont
Htiie CompAoy. or
Biotsrde, Mills â Oo.
T7 dtsteSk, Bottom.
D. Torrence àO©..
Montreal end Portland,
tl'i
Dyeing 1 Cleaning 1
” "%Nlj%,CANDmMO 60.”
I/Ook for Ajrnt In your town, or «eod dlroct.
20aCmUHÔn Montre<tl-To™"t°. Q»awa, Quebec
h'I
1 I
$100 Reward, $:0D.
Germany owns 742.000 Central America, with collée trees.
PaS»
$¦» !<> * w 14.mr ALDrip rôw t<?
Mioapd's Liniment Cures Colds, ete
ksmSSH5, I spE-ssIfSi-ill
«Mrt's Lioiment tores Dite I pSÉH
SV h

—O
I The railway companies iitiiin pay on an average £1,800
AFTER THE ENGAGEMENT WAS Uay in compensation for .lamage
BROKEN
of Great
CANADA'S
PREMIER
COMPANY
a
Minard's Liniment Cores Diphtheria
Ned—She asked me to return her
is letters

•luck—Well, did you?
Ned—Oh. yes. I returned them. And you take your I dropped throe or four from other nearest policeman ! girl* in with them, ou and wakes .veils of That dog —
The Suez Canal mile g
next
mile.
R »o,‘ szcrz
in price, costing $725.000 a
WITH THU
r\
LARGEST
Paid-up Capital Reserve Fund Assets. . . .
the
_ C&n/fir
tëüîlfa'lli,or ”hleh 1,T-
UNQUE5TI0NABLE SECURITY. | '
Fell particular! on application.
TM CANADA PERMANENT AND WIDTIDN CAN A Pi MORTOACt OOlfPORA
AN UNS1STERLY FLING She Is pretty, said the
young woman, out she is so obviously made

up
Yes,
¦	.	answered Miss Cayenne I
NOW DON'T ASK US THAT AO AIN ™nt ho,p w°ndering how she got
-» SZST22IÏT2S2I
hate you men
/ ^ £££ £*é y 4aS,
/
art
urn wearing?
«piui	*“
con-
rcpresents
S0Z0D0N T Tooth Powder 25oi
Æ

a
###PAGE###7###





??????????***> ????•>*•>•>*>
WHEN THE HOGS DIB.
The titoo of greatest fatality among hogs is when they are compelled to subsist for nny length of timo on the dry and most concentrated foods. When the hogs are turned into the autumn stubble fields to glean the dry, concentrated food there obtained, if over hog cholera or any other disease occurs, that is the time, It is not so much because the seeds of the disease are more prevalent then as because the hog is forced into a condition which makes him more susceptible to the seeds of disease.
No animal was ever intended to subsist alone on dry, concentrated foods. What the hog needs along with concentrated foods is an occasional succulent ration. With the opportunity to provide for him, clover and rape and beets, artichokes and milage, etc,, there is no reason why he should bo abandoned to the conditions which invite disease and death.
There is not a month of the year when an occasional succulent ration could not be provided for the hog. Tills, with pure water, would enable him to resist and throw off the germs and disease always prevalent, and sufficiently frequent to kill when subjected to conditions inviting death.
• A
************
solute safety. The basket Is placed In an ordinary saucepan, deep enough to hold water to cover the eggs. It may bo lifted out with one motion, and no damage. The baskets arc in two sizes, to hold four and six eggs.
PLAY-TIME OVERALLS.
When boys get old enough to put on trousers, they are given blue overalls mado~of denim, which protect the clothes from wear and tear that Is necessary to children's existence in a way that is perfectly mar valions. And lately It has been the fashion for girls to wear these same overalls. They look very cunning in them, and are certainly most comfortable. Mothers who object to having their little girls dressed like their brothers have long aprons, with a string at the top and bottom. This apron is put on over the dress, turned up underneath, and the string is tied round the waist, making, as it were, a bug. It protects the clothes almost as well am the overalls, but it im not quite as good. Illoomcrs of denim or Galatea with blouses to match are worn by both fboys and girls, but when the girls wear blouses, they have them made long enough to almost cover tho bloomers, and that gives them a more feminine appearance. There arc many sensible mothers who object to dressing boys and girls alike, for the reason that it makes tho girls grow tomboyish. This is scarcely a sensible reason, and any such tendency may easily be obviated by having a supply of fancy frocks for afternoon wear, trimmed with lace or embroidery, and with pretty sashes or ribbons.
» -


*
i ON THE FARM.
AT OLD. FORTMALDEN
HOME.

Its Importance
As a
British Post.
$
f I 1
SUMMER FEEDING OF DAIRY
COWS.
*************
>
¦I-
VALUABLE RECIPES.
Cherry Pie.—Lino a plate with paste and brush it all over with the white of an egg (the same with any fuit pie: it prevents it from becoming soggy), stone the cherries and lust them over with granulated sugar, let it stand awhile, then pour ipon the crust. Add more sugar, md cover. Do not press down tho •dges, so the liquid will remain in pie.
Elder Blossom Wine—Take 1 qt.
(stems picked of! and packed down) of elder blossoms. Pour over them l gal. boiling water, let stand one hour, then strain off and add 8 lbs. iugar. Doll n few minutes, skim sell, let stand till lukewarm, and then add one grated lemon and half i yeast cake or one teaspoon hop yeast per gallon. Let stand 24 riours, strain again, cork tight for 'Six weeks, and you have the finest of wine. You can put it in barrels as well as bottles or Jugs. Uso blossoms when in full bloom,
Angels' Food—Dissolve 1 box gelatine In 1 qt. milk, then beat together tho yolks of 8 eggs, 1 cup sugar Mid tho Juice of 1 lemon. Put the milk and gelatine into a double boiler and bring to boil; then stir in the beaten eggs and sugar with tho lem-ott juice and let the mixture just zomc to boiling point. When nearly ;old flavor with extract of vanilla ant stir tho beaten whites of the eggs through tho custard. Pour into molds mid set away to cool.
"Spoiled" Raised Cake.—If you ever have a batch of raised cuke that refuses to rise, or is too slow to suit your convenience, don't think it is completely ruined, for it Is not. If you will put in two teaspoons baking powder to each loaf, just before putting it into the tins to bake, and then set it into the oven immediately, you will have good light cake that will b<? eatable but will not taste Just like the regular raised cake.
Slnppers. — This is the old-time name for thick Indian pancakes. A pint of corn meal, a half tcaspoonful of salt and one tablespoonful of butter are put into a howl and enough boiling water from the teakettle added to scald, then the bowl I British Have Scattered Them All	,	>	, .
arrtSLS rrjrjs - -
before). Two or three beaten eggs A small sketch map occupying a soWn in tlic spring oi c.u i> summer, arc now added, the number depend-1 corner of the G cograph ischer Anzcl- the cattle may be turned in when the ing on the egg supply, (this is the I gcr, shows the places in Portugal young plants are a few inches ng i old-fashioned recipe,) also half a cup and India where hundreds of Doers and the pasture thus vt\\c< or a of flour and a little milk, if neces- captured in South Africa are now time. It the grain is a owei 6ary, but the batter should be very kept in confinement. Having distrl- stand until it has headed out it i thick. Half a rounding teaspoon of I bated the prisoners from India to furnish a large amount ol va ua baking powder is beaten in at the Bermuda it will certainly not be green feed for soiling PurPost'- *	11 '
last and spoonfuls of the batter are easy for them to plot against tho other important soiling croj	jj
dropped into a hot spider containing British Government.	and peas sown together bushels
a	little	hot	fat. The	cooking	should	Cronje's	soldiers, tho first	large	peas to tho acre, p! an tel .
he slow,	three	to four	minutes	be-	party to fall into the hands	of	the	deep on light soils and a	t	•
ss z&a. &. —	russnru ssuuJrt
BEHF ™
yolk of one egg until light, add Another part of the Doer army, kinds of millet,
¦e
¦¦
aith the meat.	(pear to be particularly inviting if it
¦ÉÉ _ _	is proper to call Ahmcrin.igar "a hot prof. M D
_J*	waterless, pestilent hole," in which	states Department of	Agriculture
thickens I terms a correspondent of the Man-	KQy8 that it is	a great	mistake t<>
chaster Guardian has given his opin-	allow pear trees	to overbear, when
ion of it.	the fruit is about an inch	in diam-
Anothor	batch of prisoners	has	ctCr the trees should be gone	over
It sel- carefully and all the surplus pears,
and above what the tree can
Each
and,
The summer feeding of dairy cows ns a rule consists of pasture only. When the pasture Is short, or fails, soiling crops, or hay, If available, ¦ g fed, and in some exceptional
With a luxuriant

1,1#

uid
The visitor to Dois Diane Island earthworks extend duo cast, afford-
who turns aside from the throngs offing protection against an enemy
from the north or south, as well as a means of communication between
are
pleasure-seekers who frequent that
popular resort during tho summer	I ,	_ %_____
months, and who crosses over to the a part uf the breastworks first men-
opposite Honed and a third part extending
due south. "A very pretty piece of rapid temporary work," said tho old captain, approvingly; "best evidence 1 have found of Harrison's military
caeca grain feed	¦
growth of pasture the cows will produce as much milk and butter fat on pasture alone ns they would If grain were fed in addition, suits of long-continued careful peri monts teach us that grain feeding, even under such conditions, bus tho effect of bettor maintaining the milk flow, and <#f placing the cows in a better, more vigorous condition for #tho following year’s work than if no &,aln was fed%
Before leaving tho subject of summer feeding of dairy cows, it may be well to say a few words about the effect of pasture on the milk yield Many farmers are of the opinion that early pasture grass makes tho milk watery and reduces its fat content, opinion
discussing the point says general effect of the change from barn to pasture was an increase in both milk flow (0.9 lb average per daily) and per cent, of fat
old town of Amherstburg its northern end, is truly treading on historic g.ound. The very shades of Tecumseh and Tippecanoe seem to Jostle his elbows. Everything about Amherstburg wears an air of antiquity and venerableness— once under the spell of its grass-grown streets one can almost hear tho bugle notes summoning the red-coated British soldiers who once made the old town guy with their revelry. Especially at this time, when we are about to celebrate the bicentenniel of the founding of Detroit, is the story of old Fort Malden of especial interest, closely associated as it is with that of old Detroit, says the Detroit Free Press. When the site of Detroit was still a howling wilderness, where tke wild deer roamed and the wily red man hunted. Amherstburg was a prosperous French trading post and contained the famous old fortress which subsequently became known as Fort Malden g| ¦ fore tho time of its occupation by the French it was an Indian village and along the banks of the river near it was a largo Indian cemetery.
ITS EARLY HISTORY.
Rut the re-
ex-
9 $
skill
A FEEBLE ATTACK
Proctor made but one feeble attack uf on the American camp already determined upon the disastrous retreat against which 1'ccum-seh protested in vain. The story of the retreat, which terminated in th* battle ©f Long Woods, where brave Tccumseh lost his life, is well known. It was before this battle that Tecum-sell called Proctor a coward. Upon abandoning tho fort Proctor blow u[ a large part of it, and the town of Amherstburg. was almost entirely destroyed by the Americans.
In 1817 came tho celebrated General Reynolds to Amherstburg. commandant of Western Ontario.The town and fort were rebuilt under his direction in the most substantial fashion. At that early day tho only military post in Canada west of Toronto being that of*Fort Malden. Gen. Reynolds, being a gentleman of high culture, and having his family with him, at once set about to profare for himself a homo which should have, am nearly as money could produce it in so new a country, the cle-nnd comfort of the house ho
?
Ho had
This is, however, a wrong A recent Cornell bulletin,
The
WASHING HORSES IN IIOT
WEATHER,
Bathing horses in summer is good practice and ought to be more general. It adds to the health of the animals by opening the pores of the skin. The comfort to the horse and improvement in looks alone more than pays for the extra trouble and time it takes. Of course a good brushing daily will do a great deal to keep a horse clean, but in warm weather an occasional bath is very refreshing.
When n lake or stream containing a sandy bottom is located near by, several horses can easily bo bathed in half an hour by one person. To take an hour or so on Saturday afternoons
to mod to it they will go into the water and take a swim themselves,
; e soon as turned loose
first it usually requires some coaxing. Careless and inexperienced boys should not be trusted to take horses out in deep water, as there is danger of both horse and buy being drowned.
I
»
)
cow
(0.13 per cent.) for tho first two weeks, and for the next three weeks n slight decrease in milk (0.431b) and per cent, of fat (0.04 per cent.) below the daily average for the last three weeks in the barn." This conclusion is drawn. If the pasture is
account of tho character o!
so that
Re-

GINGER FLAXORINO.
Ginger is one of the best flavorings for all summer drinks. It warms and tones up tho stomach sufficiently to counteract the evil effects of the cold drink. Those with weak stomachs suffer the most in hot weather, and the iced drink will sometimes precipitate suffering that may be hard to control. If plenty of ginger root is used as a flavoring for the drink such troubles may be avoided. Most summer drinks be agreeably flavored with ginger, and as one learns to drink the bev-. rages a taste for this flavoring is developed
For the earlier history of Fort Malden, previous to 1874, one would be compelled to search the archives of France and Great Britain 1784, however. Col. Matthew Eliott, of the British Army was placed in command of the post, and from that time to the present its history is not difficult to trace. The great-grandson of this first known of the commandants of Fort Malden, Mr. F. E. Eliott, is living at the picturesque old homestead built by tho Colonel at Eliott's Point, at the lower end
of Bois is,an<4IHH|HHiiH
latter years of the revolutionary war the old fortress was repeatedly beseiged by irregular troops of Americans and their sympathizers, but, so far as is known, it was never gUÎNUFv. ,1	the treaty of
peace between King George and his former colonies had been signed, Great Britain continued to hold the military post at Detroit until it was finally turned over to the United military authorities in 1796.
SYSTEM OF EARTHWORKS.
poor, on
the land, or from drouth, the cow* have hard work to find enough to cat, feeding grain is not only desirable but it is the only way by which the flow of milk and a normal quality of milk may be kept up.
The dairyman should have some feed to fall back upon in ease the pasture fails to supply all the food tho cows need. A system of j artlal soiling will in such a case be found a great help and will save short pasture as well as maintain a good flow of milk. The advantages of tho soiling system of feeding cattle have often been discussed in our agricultural press; very few farmers arc, however, in a position to adopt the system except partially.
In
gancc
had just left in England. With Gen.
gentlemen
Reynolds came many of the best blood, as officers of the garrison, who followed his example in making homes for themselves, and Amherstburg became tho great social centre of all the country round
, after work, is time well When horses become accus-
can
But at
about
REBELLION OF 1837
During the
At the time of the breaking out of the war in 1837, however. Fort Malden's glory was on the wane, and there were but few soldiers stationed there. During the two years of the war, it is true, it recovered some of its ancient i ige, but only for a
time
pointed out to-day was built for a barracks in 1837. One of the block houses was also erected at this time, as was the high wooden stockade. The fine old magazine building erected by General Reynolds was taken down a few years ago by the town officials
doors, as well ns the bolts and locks all of solid brass, made in Kng-
o
THE EXILED BOERS.
SUMMER TREATMENT OF MILIC
During hot weather the best means taken of caring for milk designed for tho
to run it through a sep-
The largo frame building
creamery is orator a few moments after milking. Cool the cream as much as possible with the coolest well water available. Put the cream into 8-gal. cans and keep it at us low a temperature as well water will hold it. Deliver
whi n convenient. is 54 degrees or less the cream will
keel in good condition.
If the well water
of 1796 the
During the summer guns and stores of Fort Detroit were moved to Fort Malden, which the Hr tish authorities designed to make powerful enough to protect the entire western part of the Province.
The most skillful engineers were brought from Montreal and an elaborate system of earthworks constructed. These earthworks have for the most part been levelled during the past few years; but there is one important piece left standing, which a United State* Captain <f	in order	¦¦i
Engineers, who rdtcntly inspected it	tractive	to the public. At	<>!.<	ttine
with the writer, pronounced "a the deplorable practice prevailed of line bit of engineering." To take employing such poisonous substances the place of the old trading vidage,	as lead,	copper, chromium,	or	even
a town with regular streets was laid	mercury	or arsenic as coloring	mat*
out, which received the name of Am* ter; but the use of such agents la herstburg- from General Lord Am- now, happily, almost obsolete, ana herst, its sponsor, and beanie the modern confectionery, is generally capital and principal trade centre of speaking, pure. A reprehensible eus-Western Ontario. The old brick com- tom has, however, Just been brought missnry department building jut up to light by analysis, which sh°w at this time, after the solid and sub- that some sweets are made to glit-stantinl fashion of the day, is still ter by means of splinters of glus», standing and in good repair. It will KO that they have the appear am e of probably outlast many of the build- sparkling crystal sugar. To test ings built nowadays. One of the them the sweets should be dissolved blockhouses still to be seen also dnt- jn warm water, when the splinters ed back from this period.	will tumble to tho bottom of
vessel in a miniature heap of broken These splinters are, of course, if swallowed, and likely damage to the walls of the Great care should
The hinges on its great
were
land, and arc now in tho Leighton collection. The ponderous bra*s koy two feet in length is also there.
WARLIKE ENGLISH SURNAMES
The registers that have been preserved at Somerset House since 1837 furnish what seems at first sight to be a complete series of surnames connected with war. Supplying in the first place that invariable cause of hostilities, Quarrell, they lead to Allies, Challenge. Charge Rattle, Greatbattlc, Rout, Victory and Conquest. They proceed, ns it would appear, to enumerate in detail the ghastly results of conflict in the names Gash, Gore, Slaughter, Carnage and Corpse ; and seem to furnish particulars of war matinal in l owder, Shot. Bullet, Shell, Cannon, Sword and Lance. They mention, too, the Gunner, and further specify liis deadly charges in Cannister and
GLASS IN SWEETS
resorted
Innumerable devices are to by the manufacturers of sweet*
to make their wares at-
on
Hungarian grass, rape and leguminous

G rape
BRIEF WILLS OF JUDGES.
wills of most judges have
Journal" states,
Tho
!- vu, the Law distinguished (or their brevity. Lord Mansiicld made a disposition of his
worldly goods on ha'f. a 1shcct_,“h notepaper. Sir James Stephen, with
characteristic conciseness, expressed his testamentary wishes in these simple words, I give all my property to my wife, whom I appoint sole executrix." Almost equally brief was the will of Lord Russell of Killowen, by which he disposed of property of the value of nearly £160000 No testators, in fact, set a example of conciseness than
the
BASE OF OPERATION
glass dangerous
Fort Malden became during the war of 1812 the principal base of operations for the British in this region. Detroit had been surrendered by Hull, and the British arms had won some other notable victories, when Harrison, following up the advantage gained at Fort Stevenson, and Fort Meffcs, on the Miami, cros-
S:S‘S =3.-™.=
mmm mmm
to descend to the cavernous figure
The av-
to cause digestive canal therefore be exercised in the choice
of sweets.
COLDEST SPOT ON EARTH
better	-	_	.
occupants of the Bench

AT THE OTHER END
creek in the direction of Fort In so short a time had all
the
Malden
this taken place, Proctor had scarcely time to summon a council of war before the intrepid Tippecanoe was at the very limits of the town, and had encountered the pickets of the
the skirmish which followed this encounter arc buried near the spot in a common grave, which is still pointed out.
The point where Tecumseh and his met with Proctor and his
A certain naval officer was very pompous and conceited when on duty. One day when he was officer of the watch and could not as usual lind anything of consequence to grumble about, he attempted to vent his spite on one of the stokers of the vessel, who was in the engine-room
° Going to the speaking tube the of-
"Is there a blithering
of 1)8.4 degrees below zero g | ¦ | erage temperature in Werchajansk during the winter months is 74.8 degrees below zero. The Werchajansk soil is permanently frozen to a depth of 300ft., and yet, during the month of July, the temperature of Werchajansk is on ethe average 69 degrees above zero, the same a» that of Paris.
THINNING PEAKS
Waite of the United
The six men who fell in
HINTS TO HOUSEKEEPERS
Careless washing often and hardens fine damask table linen.
To wash it properly one should use
HSsa
r. zi ”... t:2 s-iSrr. : zarzzrz zz sss	^
¦BPS!
cut out of tissue paper with a pair I crops during occasional years, for » mg-p ever.	... ; scissors. A sheet of blue tissue, in commonly happens that such season
! A new housekeeping no wit •	i *hich the letters are cut, is placed are the very ones when fruit
tie twisted wire egg basket f<>	j between two pages of white, and so plentiful and cheap and the profit
ing the eggs while coo*,n5 ... V | the matter Is read.	handling it very small,
lowing them to be handled wiiu	if	I - W j £ 8 %
fleer yel led,	_¦
idiot at the end of this tube.
The reply came quick and startling,
Not at this end, sir!
The feelings of the officer turned away with a black frown can be better imagined than described.
o
warriors
troops to determine in council how the advance of Harrison should be met is directly opposite and about eighty rods above the lower end of Bols Blanc Island, and had for many years been the place for holding Indian councils.
over
USE FOR THE PHONOGRAPH
as he
Parrots arc now taught to speak
by mnchinvryUBHHHUHB London educates on an average forty birds a month, and docs it entirely by means of phonographs. Tho parrots* class-room is divided up into little compartments, which are kept quite dark. Each bird is placed in a separate compartment, and t wo or three times a day a phonograph is left with it automatic, and will repeat a sentence number of sentences over and again for hours, so that the
One bird-fancier in
DENOUNCING THE BOLSTER
AN HISTORIC FARM
On the farm now owned by Edward Honor the American forces camped to await developments. The earthworks thrown up by Harrison be almost as distinctly traced though they had been constructed
A description of
The machine is quite
•‘But does it
may
yesterday— them will not be without interest. Beginning at the line between this and the adjoining farm, on the elevation which bounds the creek on the east side, is a double line of breast works formed by hollowing out the embankment ft few feet from its foot and throwing the loose earth above. By this means ample protection was afforded to a double line of riflemen placed one tier above the other, lying prone and ready to receive the enemy, from the west. From the point where the bank of the March begins to recede, the
or a over
birds very soon learn to imitate the weird mechanical voice that cornea out of the darkness.
then
Hatton—What! You’re not going to move? Lynn—Yes; we're obliged to. Hatton—Why, your wife told mine you had the nicest little house imaginable. I^jmn—1 know; but some friends gave us a rubber plant at Christmas, and it’s grown so fast we’ve got to move to f#ve it more room.
Bll	_____ Instead of boiling
When wanted, soak over night, _then
Z « 2!‘ZS m’L». h..-
Ben Jonson was the first English
Mr. Alfred Austin
Poet Laureate is the sixteenth to bear the title
###PAGE###8###


»
Vi
f ~

i
!
LHODCINS & SON’S ADVT.=^
our

LEADERS.
A Genuine
Bargain !
For the next three weeks we will sell at cost and under the remainder of our Summer Footwear comprising—
English Worsted Suits, all colors
Imported Serge Suits, black and blue
20th Century Umbrellas at - -
PATENT BLATHER BOOTS TAN BOOTS
$15.00
)

SLIPPERS
)
)

SHOES.
Everything must Go
$12.50
Men’s Black and Navy Serge Suits are always popular. We have had a splendid one this summer at $8.00_a real good suit for the money. But we have had a chance of clearing out a small lot (only 12 suits) from the manufacturer, at a reduced price, and while they
Mitt Annual M Fair last we offer them at only seven dollars


to make room for a larger and better stock of
Fall and Winter Goods than ever.


$1.00




Look out for Bargains !
. SHAWVILLE.
H. NjcCUIRE.
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE
IVj. STEWART

IV v. Mr. Geechler, the new pat tor of the Arnpvi r Herman Methodist Church, w is n arried ’aet week at Waterloo to M bs Emma Oetzel.
L tt'e Arthur Rosenthal, two years old son of Mr. Adolph R-nemhal, of Ottawa, was drowned !mt Monday in the Ottawa river in front of tie Hotel Pontiac, Fort William, whither he had strayed unobserved.
District and Country.
THE ANNUAL FETE.
I
»
f
*



15
Four thousand men left Ontario Uo week to work in the Manitoba and N. W harvest fields.
The idea of building a big hotel in the corner of Sussex s abandoned.

he (.’entrai Canada Exhibition Associa tion w ill hold their

OTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN R’Y.
Ottawa, has teen

(Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
Mr. David (
M. L A f< r P n tiic, says tha* the lou sustained by tirm through ttie rccont f -rest tires w\ u!d aggr« gite the sum of $200,0<Kh
VI
When a pretty girl pins a flower on n young ma /s coit she always tilts ho chin up and the Ml »w wh > doesn t tu:n-i’v, had bOter stay indoors when a funeral it passing for fear of being run over by the hearse. — Perth Expod or.
i
Summer Time Card
Taking Effect Monday May 13. 1901
OTTAWA
Only $7.00.
Quebec Cr-»wn timber agente estiirav •nt the recent fires in the Tenrskumirg lietriet must have caused a 1 it8 of at fan’ two million d >!!nrs.
FROM
M
T

T
M
N
SEPT. 13th to 21st, 1901
Fr »m reporta made bj farmers who i
1'h	i of O iwa will prei n »*de in the ficinity of Meritsle, N. ;
nt Tcape in h b x < t Canadian tnap’e to h would appear that a hailstorm Lut H r li y d Highness tin Duchrs of, Thursday almost totally destroyed thv CornwaU.	[crops that w, re standing. The had
,, v'V' ir ck Lavsem.le, tx-M j (ja>int ties t* at the standing grain was Th ,
i* l	'fiïîrt!aV* T,aUl! °n. F?e8tV‘V‘ beaten to the ground. Nearly every
. . A .!", i c',	c tarr.ddo be- farmer in that neighborhood will suffer
1 jUosth tota.cd	' l to * "C.d ( a . o.ic heavy loss as a nsuit of the storm. The
l,l9tl! "	igo will amount to thouiands of dol-
lars. The storm also did considerable damage in Huntley, North Gower and Ojgoode townships.
\. M
This is the best clothing bargain we have ever been able to offer.
Remember only 12 Suits. Sizes 36 to 40.
v. M
i
>i
ENTRIES CLOSE ON SEPT IITH
M
r. m
\. M
•Id Medal Special Prize I gcr and better than ever this
i
x
\
T
1
$250 offered in cn>h prizes hy the M Harris Company,
Special Attractions comprise Ball censions and Parachute Leap, Trained Elephants, Slack Wire \rtl*ts, World-Famous Dancers, all the finest .specialties which money can secure.
i’he spectacular in the evening will he representation of the 41 Siege of Tien Tsin and the destruction of the Boxer Stronghold. All the soldiers of the different nations will be correctly uniformed, and the representation will i* the finest ever placed before the public.
I
A
P.W. KEHSKM AN, Uen’l Sup’t
There is a big ba*ch < f counterfeit one dollar bi U in circulation in Toronto and vicinity. The engraving is well d< n*\ but the paper is cheap, tic criepneei of the genuine bi 1 being noticeab'y ab vit. The coloring is poorly loie.
on As
Pontiac Pacific Jonclian Ry.
E. HOGGINS & SON.
DEATH BY ACCIDENT
Official Time Table :
Winnipeg, Man.—The seven year old daughter of A. H. Oegg, IVgary, was found dead in Nose Greek.
The newspaper® of a town are its locking glasses. You smile o i them, and they smile hack at you ; you frown on them, and you are repaid in kind. If the town
is doing business the newspapers show it I aged 28 of Lambeth, was drowned on in its advertising columns.	[Thursdoy, while boating at the lake.
Leslie, the young* st ton of George Towns, of Ninga, Man., was kicked to death by a horse.
Maiwel\ Ont.—Mrs Wm. Buchanan, | Immense Fireworks Display in connection
therewith.
AM
p.m
5.45 Leave
Arrive 9.4
Aylmer fBreckenrtdge fKardley Parker s Crossing V Mohrs Quyon Wyman's tTauk Bristol McKee’s Shawville Clara’s
Campbell’s Bay Hank t* Vinton Coulonge •Mellon's Waltham
•Flag Station. tTauk. VFlag Station
«00
H 21
Port S'anley, Ont.—Edward Piper
6.12
9.06
6.18
8. r.6
M
6.26
8.50
fN
6.37
«I
8 40
6.47
6 22
6.56
Wilbrod K raser, (ï ivernment engineer, has returned from making a survey of the 7.521 northern channels in (Georgian Bay canal in connection with the French River
uavigatian route to Montreal. He will °f Vande’eur, was drowned in a well
| "P«« “ >». Mini.,..	W„k,. 2MSMl.-*51:“l«™aAL RATES ...
f-tv a in I
8.14
1.58
8.68
Harvesting
Requisites
7.04
8.02
7.26
7.45
7.31
fl.00
7.18
8-03
7. It
8.12
8.30
• 4
1.17
- “ *“ H”" ^ “¦"I; fëSÉl I 'l§l
6.39
t lines both for visitors and
cut
fl.56 Arrive
Leave 6.30
On hand at Lowest Prices for CASH
exhibitors
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
Forks, Rakes,
Crain Cradles,
Crain Scythes, Binding Mitts,
Straw Hats,
And everything you require.
i fTL*o	v .	Newpoit, Vt.—During an eletricsl
I The , uu.h A.rican war has put a con*L|o:.m on Thursday afternoon lighting
a.derableamount of money into the hands , killed George Himran, and seriously in
o ana« k d farmers. The order so far jured A Labiuoty, while working in the 1 T. C. BATE
D“ ."S"z I s “-,d “,h'
T.„.u..-j,b. C. C..1.. 23
1=%&%%%
further quantity of about 20,000 tons, ake * l arksda.e.
will be exported during August and I Inca, N. Y.—Mies Allegri Eggleton
September,	This will	make 03 000 ton;. | Seelye was found dead in the edge of ihe
.	.	,	,	Fall Creek Gorge, on Thursday, and the
According	to	la'e.t	report	from the	theory i. that «he wae k I ed t y lightning
part	of	the Town.hip	of .March	Miw Se, lye was the grand daughter of
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot:— I y1 ® la 8!<|r,n m Hu* <i let net on Thursday E-jward 8. EggleU n, histoiian and 8.30 A, M. - Lt**al—Stops at all Intermediate sta- d,d more dam,2e than was at first antici- njrebfU.
aSS-- «= I	A :=r14K5 ffîSK %
b8.C0 A.M. Sundays only—Stops at Intermediate } * ? f anun c.ops as l. n.a le it i way Creek, N. W. T., formerly of Ptterboro,
vÛTcir îÆXli MoûlIval UM a*m* 1^11'han, eastward touching Haze dean Kinburn,an<i niece <»f Mr. A.E. Dixon, of this
PuUman Parlor Car are completely ruined, while on othoi with trains f<»r Portland and | farms it will be hardly w »rth cutting.
,11 point, .oath ,.f 55h1: U.rr,Vnoelemvir.	the, tow"lbiP uf Tutbollo , one farm-
A1 barm Burlington, et,. Arriving Boston 7.00 a. ep I At lost three crops ill succession by in New York 7.20 a m. ll.ia through DutM Sleep-	^—
iug Car. Ottawa to New York
WM. HUTCHISON, ex M. P.,
President E. M< MAHON,
Sec'y., 20 Spark* St
CANADA ATLANTIC

Treasure»
RAMA!
I
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT Trains daily between i
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
OOO
Come and see ue
we are sure to please you
OOO
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
To buy well, watch the latent prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Oeeds Review The Reekseller and Stationer.
Samples Free
On ami after June Id, 1901, and until farther advised train nervier will be a* follows :
ARMSTRONG BROS, LADYSMITH
P. S.—Binder Twine—Plymouth Special.
MacLEAN PUB. CO.. Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
A t Montreal f. 40 p.m attached
all points east of
Halifax, N. 8—Mrs. Fred. Shepherd lost her life at New Ghsgow on Thursday in an heroic etfirt to save her boy from drowning. The boy fell into an old quarry in which were ten feet of water. The mother plunged into the water after the b-y, and she managed to hold him up until assistance came. T.ne boy was saved, but the mother's strength was exhausted and she was drowned.
M
Con ne
OHAWVI LIE’S
V new
Ninety.five pounds in weight, six feet
-o I 8‘* inchee ,n	will give some i lea
I of a sturgeon oiught in Muskrat Lake by I Peter Pippin, and which was exhibited
Trains arrive at Ottawa Onaral Depot :	, in town yesterday, having been purchased
,,2‘*.enr”d,MoAr^T,MnLNmexkiM.	T (,Ut 10 ,ee
man Parlor au<I Sleeping Cam attached,	i 1 as	tüken tIrroug!i the main It roet
<9.05 P. M. Loral From Montreal, an,l inter-1 ^ & buggy. It was caught in a not, but
of course had to be killed with a club. A (gw years ago Mr. Foster caught a larger sturgeon at his axe factory on the Muskrat river, just south of the town, it weighed 110 pounds. These immense fish, in their grassnesn, are almost disgusting to look upon on a hot day. —Pembroke Observer.
«6.55 F. M, Local—Stop* »t Intermediate «tâtions Montreal 10,00 n.m. Coime- t* ut Junction for Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto,
AIT
SASH and DOOR
eli-
te
FACTORY.
Halifax, N. S. William Corbin, cf Kenfville, aged fif.y years, was killed at the Pvr, Hood Coal Company 's pier on Thursday, lie fell from the trestle work to the crib, a distance of thirty feet, an 1 fractured his skull.
Hubert Bent, aged six yoire, fell from a fence at Yarmouth, on Thursday, and broke his nojk, dying alnrwt instantly. He ia a son of Captain 8. lient, of the (x>uebeo Steamship Co., who is now on his way to New York.
mediate point*, Cornwall, Kingston and point* west. Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving Montreal at \45, p. m.
a 6.55 P: M. Limited—Prom Montreal leaving at 4.10 p.m. Has Loll man Parlor Car.
T<ironie
HAVE YOUR WATCHES AND CLOCKS REPAIRED AND GUARANTEED FOR ONE YEAR BY
O
even
In connection with my former business I have just placed in position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
8 15 A. M. For Amprior. Renfrew. Rgn broke, Parry's Bay, Whitney. Cano#
Hound and intermediate pointa.
4.40 P M. For Amp,lor. Renfrew, Eganville,Pem broke, Madawaaka and intermediate elation*.
1.00 P. M: Mixed Train far Am prior, Renfrew Eganville, Madawa*kaand intermediate station*.
Train* arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :
Sash,
A very pretty wedding t >ok place Wed needay afternoon, when Mr. L). J. Morrison, of Ottawa, and Miss Lizzie Hewer, of Biileiijs. were united in marriage. A happy arrangement of Haware, the pirlur
was fragrant and unsually pleasing to the M mtreal, August 7.-Considerable exeye. Many admiring friends were gather chôment has been caused in the E&rt rn ed. The bride wsflbecomingly gowned in Townships by the reparted discovery of
ESHÊSsæ
£.50 F- M. Mixed Train* from M«tiawa«ka, F^nn- a R°wn of tasty white batiste. Mr. Harry depth of seven feet were s»nt to the vUlr, Renfrew, Ampriorawl intermediate stations. Hewer of Bristol supported the groom Geological Survey and analyzed by Mr.
Ottawa ticket offices	J?1® nupit*! knot waa tied by Rev. J. D. F. C. Hoffman, the chief snalyt cal che-
Ha * i n « 4 n n n	. Morrison. At the close of the ceremony mitt. Mr. Mi bon Herat y also made an
Cemrai Depot. KlISSCll flOOSB Block, 4 reception was held at th* home of the anVyeis and found the samp'es to cons: t
Ticket, to Europe and I r,rt, rf th. w.,M by ,n	P,,enl,« whe™ the numetoa. of 37. 02 per cent of tiled c*rb ,n, end 4ti.
amerieanandCanadian uteauiehiji liut*, also Cook'» pr*8(nts were admired (and many con- JP per cent of ash but he expressed the toRJ*	gradations were extended. The happy , opinion that samples taken from a greater
a. Trains run daily ex'iept Sun lay.	coup’e left Friday for Ottawa where they] depth would show less ash aud greater
h. Sunday only, c, Daily.	intend to reside. .	' richness in carbon.
nvillr, Prni-Lake, Parry
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &c.
WHYTE, THE WATCHMAKER,
Coal Found At St. Anne De
Stulkey.
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE,
For which I am now prepared to receive orders and guarantee first-elask work.
MAIN STREET - - SHAWVILLE.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future increase in business.
JOHN 6. ELLIOTT
PROPRIETOR.
