###PAGE###1###

.

&





' * V
No. 12. 20th Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, SEPT. 4, 1902.
$1.00 a Year in Advance.

A choice stock of picture frame moulding* at I in I •on» Studio.
Kor enlarging, copying, viewing, picture framing and photo* of the lient platlno finish go to ImlMon's Photo Studio.
PERSONAL
BANK OF OTTAWA
)
The Itev. A. Ireland returned from hie holiday by Tuesday night's train.
Messrs. N. Hrownlce, and T. A. Wain-RAMSAY’S PAINTS — the right i man, went to Montreal last week, on a
Paint to paint right. Sea new pic- % | buxine** trip.
tune ad. Inside	Foreale by ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I¦|*¦^1
O. F. Hodglne, Shaw ville.
Hoad Office: . Capital paid up
OTTAWA, CAWADA.
.........#2,000,000
......... 1,764,000
OF CANADA.
Heat
HARDWARE I
Board of Director» : |	1
Charles Mauee, Esq., Preiide.it. George Hay, esq.,Vice-President.
John Math**, Esq.. David MalLake», Esq.,
Mite Marlon MeHachren, of Buckingham, Que., who has been visiting her conein Mrs. Woodley, left for home on Tuesday.
I Wanted.-After Sept. 1st, a girl to do I JMr. “Billy ’ Williams, who taa been in • general housework. Apply at The Equity f[lc employ of Mr. J. H. Shaw for the past I Office.	I three years, left on Tuesday, to take a
position at Mnrinom, Ont.
Bo**.-at Masaev Station on Wednee-1 Dr and Mr.Lyon left on Tuesday to day, Aug 27th. 1902, to Mr. »nd Mr. nmxt. ,rlt,n'1'	""aw., Montreal and
Alex Orr, a daughter.	vicinity.
Exhibition grounds	I School, Alneld
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000. RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000
Head Offlce, • Montreal.
Hon. Geo. Bktson, J».
Alex . Fha
bsion» Mouthy, Esq

GEORGEBURN 0. M. F1NN1E
General Manager, .. .. Manager,
Branch#»;
IN ONTARIO t
Keewatln. Kemptv.Us, Mattaera, Ottawa, do
Builders, please remember that we make a Specialty of Hardware. Our stock will be found very complete in the following lines :
Nalls of all kinds Glass, all sizes Hinges
H and C Hooks Door Bells and
General House Furnishing Goods.
SHAWVIILB BRANCH,
Money loaned on approved security at reeeonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all parte of tbe world.
HAVINGS BANK.
Lanark.
Parry Bound, Pembroke, Rat Portage, HHiHBHIH Winchester, do Bank 8t:	Renfrew
do Rldeati Bt. Toronto,
2o Romemet 8L Winchester. Vankleek Hill, Smith's Palls.
IN MANITOBA :
Alexandria, Arn prior, Avonmore, Brarebridge,
Carleton
OobdeaHI
Hawkaebary,
^IQIHHpThe Miette* Brophv, of Nepean, who The Beech Grove Presbyterian church I h^ve been visiting Mr. and Mrs. Frank was the scene of a pretty wedding on the | Brophy, returned home on Monday 27th at 2 p. m. where the manyÉeÉ6j*jgeee*egjj^^É friends assembled to witness the ceremony
Place,
Mr. and Mrs. Gardiner, of Lynn, Ont. who have been visiting at Mr. H. Bar-which united Miss Mary E. Rutledge, of nett’s returned homo on Tuesday.
i® ar-SM .«j haaiaatf1* '™** -
Manager, embroidered taffeta blouse and white	,	, ...	_ ,
Master Arthur Wilson, and Mima Lila
Wainman, both of this village, left on
Monday morning to attend McGill normal
school.
Winnipeg,
Dauphin
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Omca Hours .
SATURDAYS . .
' Portage Là Prairie IN QUEBEC :
,	Hull,
mPim Shâwlnlgan Faite Agente In Canada, New York and Chicago— Bank of Montreal.
Agents in Ht. Paul-Meichants Nat Bank.
Agente in London, En g.—Parr'e Bank Ltd,
Lachute.
Mon‘real
10 A M . TO 9 P M
10 A.*. TOI PM.
1
uicturesque hat was assisted by Mise Mildred Leggo, of Montreal, who wore »
LOCAL NEWS.	...........................
¦	the groom, supported the latter. The Masters Kenneth Naylor and Claude
pondent# ### There* was a very conspicuous ab church was tastefully decorated for the Shaw, leave here next week, the former reminded that we cannot sasurs the sence of Pontiac farmers at the Ottawa occasion, and as the wedding party ad- to attend McGill University, and the Insertion of matter unlew It le In Exhibition last week, by reason of the vanCed up the aisle, the strain of the Utter Lennox ville College. g hand by Mpnday noon of oaeh week, fact that they were all engaged in the wedding inarch floated in the quiet sum- Mr. Sam Ralph, who has been engaged
harvest fields, cutting and gathering in mer air combining to form a scene not with a lumber firm since last November,
asSffisfK SSSSsSSS SSSSssSSS H.B3™ “ «
¦	u ' th ^e‘	was over, and the party leftamid ahowers ....
rï ï.	-“SSr S pyza ÏSS.tSœ	% Î We are also Headquarters for
IVincipal, W D. Armitage ; M.del Miaa weet, at comparatively trifling coat. See tic, which form of amusement was main- pr?J*ntp „	,	, „ , v
j^iarsaflatf gr*-4-•*“w ssa^r^jaraa	Guns, Rifles
mmmËËrnmw^ s
nmetc for the occasion.	au obituary notice regarding the de’m-	Thanksgiving Service	~--------
Mr. Colin Workman, son of Mr. James	ouent. Of course the man was mad and	._6
Mrs. W colley, of this town, was among	entitled “Home Nursing” published by	of / wmliroLe.	wjlï |troacIi	ithe awrni'jn.	way	But take my advice and don't get
the successful exhibitors at Ottawa Fair the Davis & Lawrence Co., Ltd., Montreal L. DlD • huMinf] by the ladies of Up your Ins so quickly again. What would which closed last week, capturing first	publication contain practical [be congregation at 12 o clock, in the Th* Equity be if such fools as Sandy
prize for home-made bun* and third instruction* for the performance of all ,’cau'1lu Kov? ad)uiniDg thti church, and and others did not send you the local
prize for brown bread, in a large and offices pertninimr to the sick. It tell»	° °	, . ne wst.-another Advance. _ _
creditable exhibit.	what to do in case of accidents, treats	.	Thm e“eT	eo"ffn? °re	"'"'f	Mr.	and Mr*. Alex. Fraser, of Park
doing so in order to go into partnership	recipes for preparing solid and liquid	1	'	_ —the better day the better deed.
with Mr. Goodwyn, of Am prior, whose food for the sick. No home should be	A Wnmino-	Mrs. D. Quiun, who has been confined
health obliges him to seek another cli- without a copy of it. It is a very attrac-	A warning’.	to bed, le, I am glad to state, able to be
.... U, W.W. MW.	J™» W *W. tartly Mm. “«'3 ‘if. SSS 7%, *.1,
A gang of Italians are at work grading Davis &Lawrenca Co., Ltd , Montreal	w*lt,nK recovenng from her long illness. I hope
up and renewing the track of the railway enclosing to them 5 cents in stamps to p	]HüURe» 1 rni» she may be spared to her little family lor
in the vicinity of Campbell 8 Bay, in cover the expense of mailing etc.	terhl*' t0 th® Cb“f?h Times, London, .year8 ^ Come
which section nearly all the ties had given	r	6	kng;» warns the public against all persons J0bn Beamish, near Portage du Fort,
out. The work of the Dagos has made	*	coming from Persia to England and other ,8 very low with typhoid fever. He
quite a difference in the appearance of Ottawa’s big fair last week passed into countries on begging expeditions for the gg having a hard time. On the 17th the road.	the Association’s history with the reoqpd alleged benefit of schools and other in- March last he got his leg broken by a
_	/Tin a * i •	of having been in	many ways the most	stitutions in that country, as all such	iuad 0f WOO(l upsetting on him in the
The town of La belle, situated in the	successful ever held	since its institution,	individuals, •' whether they call them*	sugar bush. Dr. Gaboury, of Portage ds
northern section of the County of La- Q()0d weather, the main essential to a Helves Assyrians, Chaldeans, Neetorians, Fort, was callel in to set the leg, and belle, is reported to nave been practically |arge attendance, seems to have been ArmunumH, or by any other name,’’ have after about three weeks he found wiped out of existence by fire on Satur the reason why the fair was held at a ™ authority to beg for any of the recog artery had been ruptured, and the Dr.
<Uy night. Isabelle contained about 1,000 tjme considerably earlier than formerly, D,ze<* missions in Persia. As we under- had him sent to the General Protestant inhabitants, and, excepting a church was and m this particular respect the direct stand beggars of the class mentioned Hospital, Ottawa, where they epened entirely built of wood.	ora made no mistake, as the weather con- a>'ove bave been operating in Ottawa and his leg and cut a piece out of the artery,
member# of Shawville Masonic Citions were certainly all that could be otber places with more or less success, tiyd the ends together and then put him I^idee Have chosen Sunday September hoped for or desired. Yet there is no we esteem it our duty to draw attention lied at the hospital for three weeks, and
ssrrsas ^£4~ sr.àap
1 rv:rfl :n st Paul’s Church at	wou*d bave been	considerably larger,	readers may lie put on their guard and Ljer ether, and inserted a pump into the
in to * m Rev Mr Lummis of Greer	Owing to it being	the busiest season	[n R position to treat the importunities of	fracture, pumping out all tne matter,
zsszvs&sissr. t£pss	sixths: :
Will uxeiy preacn tne eer	able falling off in the representation of K*rb religious guise they present the leg in plaster of Paris and sent him
The Ven. Arch. Naylor, left on Tues- that important element, whose presents themselves, turn the cold shoulder to home, thinking it would unite After <lny morning to attend the meeting of the in the city invariably means much to the |a11 foreign beggars.	four week’s time Dr. Gaboury again
v,neral Synod of the Church of England Ottawa merchants and trades people, 1	--- opened the leg and finding still that the
in the Dominion of Canada. This Synod who cater to their trade. Under the	Bristol Notes.	hones had not united, he sent him again
which is being held in Montreal consists circumstances, to such, the results of the	- to the hospital, where the leg was cut
of the Bishops and delegates from all fair were likely disappointing. Along Aug 28.—The Misses Sarah Me Janet, open and nieces sawed off each end of the pirta of the Dominion. Questions of the with the fact that farmers could not at- Hannah and Verna McCredie, loft for bones, which were then fastened tori at est importance will bo before ic tend without neglecting the most import- Fincher Crook last Saturday, to join 81r. gather with silver wire and ivory pegs, fur consideration, one of them being ant part of their business, it is also to be	Andrew McCredie who	has	been	there	The leg was again encased in plaster, and
mairiage and divorce.	considered that the date was rather early	for some time.	the patient was sent home where he now
for them to make their fall purchases	A. Harper McKechnio	and W. George lies awaiting results. Now he has typhoid
The Ottawa fair having	come and gone,	I which generally follow the marketing	1 Lothian have gone on	a three months fever, which added to his other troubles
the farmers of Pontiac will he enabled to of their grain and whatever else of their j	trip to the Northwest.	surely makes his cup of bitterness nearly
give their attention to their local exhihi- products they may have todisposo of. And	Mr and. Mrs ti. S.	Barnett and	child-	full. But we hope after clouds—sun-
Lions, which come of in about a month’s this also no doubt a fleeted the extent of | ren, of Shawville, were visiting relatives shine.
time,—a little late, perhaps, to ensure the exhibit in certain classes, §0 that at Elmside and vicinity for two weeks	I might ask you a question : Is typhoid
the good weather which favored the Ot- w hat was really a good fair, would have Master Jamie McCredio has fully -e- fewr a contagious disease / If so, why tawa people. Shawville exhibition (No. 1 been better, had the farmers been over covered from an attack of measles and do they allow typhoid fever patients to Society) takes place on the last day of their hurry, and bonce better prepared water on the lungs, and was visiting hi mingle with others in hospitals as I have September and the first day of October, for it. Nevertheless, the directors, on grandparents in Shawville for a week. soon. By answering the above question The Chapeau exhibition (No. 2 Society) whom the risk and respoxibility Vests, arc Mr. George Grant has been on the you will oblige	Sandy.
comes off on the 2nd and 3rd. By that so satisfied with the result of their ex* sick list for a while, but is again able to	-—-*
t may be presumed all the product# | pt.nment, that in all probability, early j go to the Post Office.	Quite So.—After all, there is just as
of the farms of Pontiac will be safely dates will be decided on for the future. Mr. Pritchard and Miss Walsh, of much likelihood that tho United States housed, much of the grain will be thresh- Of course the present being an excep- Quyon, were the guests of A. W. Me- will become a mem lier of the British ed, and some of it will	have found its	tionally backward harvest season, pro-	Kechnie last Sunday.	commonwealth as that the British Km-
way to market ; farmers will be enabled	duced an effect which under other cir-	We don’t wonder at	some of your pire will go to pieces.—Montreal Witness,
to take a breathing spell and participate cumstances would not be so percepti- Shawville boys seeing “ghosts” when one in the luxuries and enjoyments of life hie, if indeed felt at all.	of them was almost at Bellerica onquir-
for at least a short season, and one way The gate receipts for the week show a I ing the way to Shawville. Never mind presented to them for such purpose will gain over last year of (2,664.96, or a “Billy,” start a little earlier so that you be to give their support, encouragement total of $22,037.95. This with the a will be able to see right turn next time, and attendance to their own local exhibi- mounts received from other sources, viz :	Miss Johnston, the new teacher is at
tion, where there is always something to privileges, booths, etc., will it is expect Elmside, and is getting tho school in be seen and learnt that may be turned to ed, be sufficient to cover the expenses in | good shape.
advantage* Provide yourselves with oop-1 connection with this years exhibition and Very few of the people around here ies of the prize liât, and make an effort leave a surplus to apply to the debt of | took in the Ottawa Exhibition. * to have same kind of exhibit at your local $25,000 which for some years past has exhibition.	I been in existence. .
LOCAL NEWS.
*
Advertisers and co
1
*
*
Notes by the Way
PRICES ALWAYS RIGHT.
J. H. SHAW.
0
P. S.--0ur Grocery Stock is very best.
Your
Children’s
Needs.
an
i
The
Now that School is about to begin, the place to buy School Books becomes of much importance.
Your children can be supplied with everything they need in the line of School Books and School Supplies at
The Drug Store
*
Now it is necessary to procure BOOKS and SLATES, PENCILS and PAPER, SCRIBBLERS and EXERCISE BOOKS, SCHOOL BAGS, INKS, &c.
Whatever may be the School want we can supply—all the Books for all the scholars are here. Bring us your list for School supplies.
i

time i

Farm For Sale.

Being the North East Half of Lot No. 15 lu the 2nd Range of the township of Clarendon, containing 100 acres of good clay and loomy land, about 30 acres of which are cleaned. On the premises are a barn and small house. For terms and fuller Information apply to Mrs. H. Barr, North Bay, Out,,
THE DRUG STORE
SHAWVILLE, QUE.



4
.

What brings the cheese-maker to Elmside Î It is not the factory he visits, but
A. LYON, M. D

Shawville.











\ 1
A
ix.

###PAGE###2###
		


** •
r
watch the merrv marker* on the pave
without
mask of some mort, and a man mtandi bv melting theme for a few pemetai earh. so the American Invests, Intending to saunter down the street amt witness the eights.
Once outside he Joins In with the throng, and keeps him eves about him It Is Indeed a remarkable sight to look upon the crowds the midnight bells of Madrid have called into review, and Jack photographs them upon his orv for future use
'+#r*	•
Everyone seems to own a
1
+
r
FOR FARMERS

M,
DOCTOR JACK
*
Seasonable and Profitable hints for the Busy Tillers of the Soil.

? $
f

t
i /'0\T t” ;, ^T77*-<	^
iüÉi
un
!
/
%
m
By S i\ GEORGE RATHBORNE,
Author of <1Doc tor Jack's Wife,*’ 44 Captain Tom," 41 Baron Sam," “Mm
Pauline )f New York," "Miss Caprice," Etc.
*
AÏ I
*
I';
*
SEEDING winter wheat
t
AX
mem
Ono of the secrets of eucconiful Along the edges of the sidewalk art	winter wheat culture is this curly
inanv street stand* where is seen the	preparation of the soil. Farmers
peddler of national drinks or refrem-os	have learned that ground for wheat
with Ids bot I go or Oriental Jar con	should he plowed as soon un the
talning the expressed Juice of *om«	previous crop has bvep removed, and
fruit, mixed with sugar and water	allowed to become compact before
the night	air, laden	with the	perfume i &ml as harmless as It la agreeable,	seeding time in September and surly
of flower* that bloom	in the spring	Other* have n nobby little tin or bran	October. It will not do, of course,
the rest of mankind, he hopes to con-	time in sunny Spain, seems unusually	j	tray, upon which are placed g limner	to plow the ground and give it	no
linue the delicious tete-a-tete in the	pleasant.	'	for the different horvhatas, as the	further attention. It must bo	1 ur-
Wttle parlour.	At this	hour it would seem	natural	good people of Madrid call these cool*	rowed or disked often enough to
lienee he* is glad when Larry walks that the city should	he	growing more	big non-spilltous drink*.	keep down weeds and to keep the
aver to greet an acquaintance, and quiet, for evfry metropolis Jack ha* Along the walk are rows of orangl1 upper layers pulverised, forming n Jack is about returning to his fair I i ver known subsides into a more	trees, and upon these coloured Ian-1	dust mulch which prevents the	es-
pulcina, when he happens to follow	peaceful slate as the night wears In	terns have been placed at Interval*	cape of valuable soil moisturo.
the dude with his eyes, and immcdl- to the small hours. To his surprise	arc now lighted up, so ihxt wltfc Where the ground is full of weed
fctely receives something of a shock,	Just the t o itrary seems to he the case.	the yellow gas Jets the scene looks like	Need, this is a most excellent	motor he sees J iu.vy co mostly talking	It is much mort polg> than at tvn	one of enchantment
with one whom he recognizes as the , o'clock, when he reached the hotel.
Jack becomes iutertrtvd. He even ut of the window toaee w hat New lights liave sprung into exist net even sheets that were ne-
i


7M

A A*

i
M
X
z

y

4
He does not mean to tell Larry that his cousin la so near, for, selfish as
it
V

iv
t
A
i
i
]

TUA CeVXt
how they knew wo Just got married
—"1 wonder
t hod of getting rid of these pests. The present season's weed crop is
Here and there small crowds
giegute hround some fakir engaged In j prevented from seeding and the seed selling wonderful things, or to watch in tlio ground from lust year ger-the astonishing evolutions and beat minutes and the young plants
the	weird	music	that	accompany a killed.	Even such persistent peren-	the condition of the soil
sidewalk	gltano or gipsy dance	niais	ns	cockleburr, velvet leaf and	a little more expensive than	the	nv-	gvessivc dairyman
jimson weed can finally be control- eruge drill, but since you haw two will repay in dollars and cents led.	It	may require two or three	implements in one, It can	be	pur-	THE TIME THUS	EXPENDED
years	of	such treatment to get rid	chased with profit.	The cow is no	more	a	machine
rho matter of fertilizing *****	than is the human mother. She Is,
ground J. an Important one. Onlin-	„ properly troltcll, n gcntle, ^
The ground	for wheat	should	he	arily it is found desitable to apply	^ve crew|(urv. governed by the emuo
carefully	plowed,	in	most	sections	the single manure to the previous	|aWe Qf jove #UI| fcar {hat obtain
5 :	|eHs ~ as
that when the carnival season is ore. covprpd pv(,,,l v lho sulkV Plow . U Is not cortnln howcver that the I continue mo to do (or n kiu.l muster every soul will gladly welcome Lent Îor tho mo,lern	*nu« ,ire	ns	greatest	good will	conic from thl»jl)Ut jn onger or fright. 111 cold. In
which seems to be the Hen of nil thli lhev ll° Rood	work and completely	| method	of applying the manure	flllh lurmelllod In o thousand ways
merriment, the old adage holding <ovcl' “II trash wlUch mny boon the ; Most farmers chum Unit when up- |,nown	unknown, or on insuffl-
good, "Let us cat drink and b« surface. If plowing must tie dflny- Phod to the gmss crpp. tlic ultimate cjcnt (oo(1 jt roaeonntde to expect
SsssâfsS-SF Mim
eenorltas, whose guardians are too s!l( *nst 1 ument. Neglect of this is The soluble plant food will be wash- a cold born at lier masters will, strict to allow them uoon the streets, !thc CA.lïm of moro. .poor	than	ed down	by tho first	rain and will be	unconsciously avenges herself, as
have enjoyment of their own In ! 1\,1V °* lvr,ono	llll,,K <»oing	over	ready to	start tho	young plant off	much of her food must go for fuel
watching the procession below.	1 he ground t wo or t hree times is not	rapidly. Then the strawy part	of	purposes to keep her bodily warmth
sufficient. Inc work must bo con-	jj,6 mnnure	acts as a mulch in	the	up to the required temperature. A
titmed and in some cases the ground	fs]j iUl(j	during winter, holds	the	well made machine will undoubtedly
will have to he gone over	jsnow and	tends to prevent injury	do equally good work if there were
Some a half dozen (logs and as many milk-from Ing stools asserting t hem selves in If for any 'its vicinity, but not so with the the other reason the top dressing cannot gentle row made irate by either or
Not only is the quality of
con
¦
Pasha
by means of which the press wheels dollars each year It is certainly a may be used or not, depending upon subject worthy the serious attention
This is and study of every thoughtful, pround one which
How long Las the Turk been there? leans Perhaps he saw Doctor Jack come In, ; is up Bond up hts card, and go In the par lour to wait, for the American did not glectud before now seem to throb with look around, being too much engross- u pulsating life, and are In a measure ed with his thoughts and anticipa- Illuminated, us though a great un-
writteft law compels every cltlsen to It is even possible that the Pasha , have at least one lamp or candle in knew of the appointment, although his window.
not present when it was entered Into. The change is um.nlng with every Then he has also seen Avis come down parsing minute new lights spring up.
Di xvn below he sees a moving throng
All seem light-hearted, laughter and jest are handled about,
arc
Everywhere reigns an air of mystery—fancy costumes, monks, chevaliers. Oriental warriors, courtly dames, flower girls, and almost every Imaginable character we see In oui greatest masque balls are to be met with.
lions of the coming meeting
of the worst posts, but persistence xvill always result in success.
and join Jack Not once does he look toward the of people
letter, but converses fluently with Larry, who seems to have taken a an<* ** ls very evident that no serious
business brings these crowds abroad. Music is heard he* e, there, and
strange liking to him gluts that the crafty Pasha, believing he could make the New
J i ik lina
York dude exer>w her-—distant In;mis thrill the
air, and quicken the pulses, groups on
a nee, and as Larry's hair is so evenly t*u' boulevard sing snatches of songs balanced on either side, a very little a,ul ,nor* than one sw cel-toned man
[
»
duljn throbs tc the fingers of a music-lovlng Spanish lassie in the courts near by.
Doctor Jack Is a maxed- ho rubs his eyes is though under the belief that he must hi dreaming
this mean from hcr léthargie state she seems for the time being to outrival Paris In gay et y
ding, with the whole city rejoicing, but Jack knows this can not be.
i
flattery Is apt to turn his head.
There may trouble come of this yet, lut as the skies ore still clear. Ja< k goes back to enjoy a little more of Miss Mortons company ally lie leaves her, the Pasha Is no longer to be seen in the hotel.
One experience with the footpads Is quite enough for Senor Jack, and he looks around for a vehicle to take him to the caravansary at whit h he is located, and which Is situated far away from the Puerto del Sc!.


coin-
When tin
What dues all
Madrid lies awakened
One thinks of a royal wed

At times they toss a flower to this courtly knight who has found favoui In their eyes, or drop rice down the back of a more than usually hideoui gnome who dellrbts In the shudder hi# awful appearance causes.
Jack Is greatly amused by the kaleidoscopic changes around him. Something in his quiet demeanour attracts the very attention he would avoid, and more than one unknown charmer ventures to address him. These may he the most respectable of sen or as, for the mystery of mask and domino gives them assurance and If* cense to a certain degree, but Jack
pays little or no attention to their laughing words.
What then ?
The music grows in volume, and even under hie eyes the crowds In*
He can see them better now. on a< count vf th light been s)reply
more wide awake than now
FOUR OR FIVE TIMES
from cold, freezing weather.
Thorough preparation, however, ul- |surprising results have conic ways pays in winter wheat culture, (this treatment of wheat
a
winter Wheat section of the country,	be done in the fall, excellent result*	both
it was very noticeable that the land	have been obtained by putting the	her milk damaged (often to	the
treated most carefully last fall bore	manure on in the spring as soon as	point of rendering it	poison to	the
the greater number of wheat plants,	the land is dry enough to permit the	young infant) but the	quantity	of it
Not only this, but they were more	spreader being driven over the fields,	is as certainly and	promptly	revigorons and the yield will undoubt-	However, the top dressing the prevt-	duced
edly bo much greater than where the ! ous autumn is much the best ground was not well fined The date of seeding will depend ! desirable and somewhat upon circumstances. With- < be secured in reason moderately early seeding not possible to get U in any is usually desirabh
A driver sees his action and anticipates his wish, for he brings his closed vehicle close to the pavement, and calls out to know if the senor desires
crease
If Jack has
before
he was never Instead
of abating, his Interest grows with the
a carriage.
Perhaps Doctor Jack might have he si Intel about engaging this fellow had ' excitement be seen him holding a whispered « on
\ersatiod With the Turkish Pasha a the hour larks just nine short time before; but being in ignor am e of this same thing, he jumps in to the vehicle, gives the drive* name of his hotel, and slams the
Looking at his watch lie finds that
minutes of
twelve. Then the Idea strikes him that these mercurial people are wgit-tlie i tng fo" midnight, which time will usher in some great holiday.
He begins t. p,.t-|. tin* reins, and Again he is threading the narrow reach a solution of the mystery. Look-call**. and around them darkness ing closer than before he realizes tw hangs much of the time. Fortunate
ly for him the American has his wits j that there are scores of women upon about him—a suspicion comes first—he the streets as w?ll as men, and it is observes the route, and then of a cer- evident that the night ' walkers have tainty discovers that his driver is now been reinforced by a stream of away off. Undoubtedly the fellow is respectable senoras and senorltas from up to some ugly business --perhaps he ; the dwellings.
knows the Pasha, and is endavouring ] What Doctor Jack notices In the se-to lead the bold American into a trap cond place is the fact that many of
these women wear lung cloaks, and
it takes a wide-awake Yankee t" j their faces are concealed by masks, deal with such crafty men. Doctor while even numbers of the men Jack, when he makes this discovery, also masked. He suddenly Jumps t docs not call upon the driver to halt, his feet with a laugh.
They are in a dask part of the narrow
Street, and the vehicle makes such a I At midnight the great carnival be noise rattling along that an> sound he gins !” may cause Is drowned.
Well The cow is not a machine. She rerotted lino manure is always most pays all manner of care for her crca-
this condition should .turc comfort with an increased flow by composting, if it is of milk; and even more than this
other she responds in the same generous the plant way. Pile the coat manure in a I way to words of endearment and Various processions pass him by. and gets a good start and is able to heap, pour water over it, fork every petting. It is common knowledge suddenly one comes that gives him a withstand the winter. However, if few days until It is thoroughly do- that many a herdsman and milker slunk, lie hears a cocotte standing insect pests, particularly hessian fly, composed. By placing the manure has by his gentle and genuine love near bin; take up the cry that sounds are to be expected, the seeding on the ground very thin, u large for his cows so completely won their down the boulevard. What Is it she should be delayed am lato as possi- acreage can be treated.	affection that no one else has ever
Is calling ” The hero of the bull- ble, so that the adult flies will lay j --------------------------------been known to get the same amount
their c^gs in other places and the I	.	... . of milk that lie can.
Pi I AC
yO Ull<j absolut# cure for esc*
| "	gnd every farm of Itchlag,
senorltas above, now almost wild with 1 Fields were remarkably free from 1)» /xuac‘. 7,^? shown a knife of the \glue of excitement.	I fly the present season and this was	wH&Së 3	vl.flbt . the making of which oecu-
Doctor Jack Is at first indignant, probably largely due to late seed- ---------------------------------— pnsl nearly two years, the King and
r ™.	rr; su	»« «	..* ;;r	nz
imitate himself, and with such sue-	The amount of seed per acre varies	'I he cow is looked upon	by alto-	cut lei y, and entered into the 1,1 os t
cess that the platform Is fairty cover-	a little with the soil and the dim-	fiOther too many dairymen	as a mere	nmm**cd conversation^ J he knife in
ed with flowers tossed upon the hero	ate.	As a rule,	five pecks of well	unfeeling machine, the	dairyman	<lm‘st lon ,s	probably the most art in*
by the hands of Madrid’s dark-eyed	Cleaned seed will	give a good stand	having	but to apply t lie	belt	and	^ piece of	cutlery fa the world. It
daughters.	and produce the maximum yield. If power of food when the machinery is H known ns the * Norfolk Sports-
Now they are close by—the Amerl-	the seed is very expensive, one bush-	immediately set in motion,	that, will	Illnn 9 Knife. 1 here me seventy-
can athlete could with one spring gain	cl will frequently answer. It is bet-	result in a return to the	dairyman	,|XC sl('rl blades, all contained in one
During	this	time	the people run	wild	that ploffdrm, and hurl the mock	ter,	however, to	be on the safe side	*or him	outlay in a sure	and	given	,mnd,c- . 0,1	th<*c (here aie beauti-
and	seem	never	to	sleep—day	and	bull-fighter fo the ground' hut the	anci	sow a little	more than recom-	amount	of milk; that	un-	[ul etchings	of Queen Victoria, tha
night the streets are Jammed wltf temptation cornea and goes Inetantly. mended rather than less. There are dor any and every con- utv	Consort, and residences
crowds of pleasure seekers, music fill* "Let him have his fun—unless I am 80 many varieties that no one can dition whenever our dairyman of royalty and nobility. '1 he handle the air with intoxicating sounds	mistaken he will pay for	it before	he recommended for all sections of	at his own convenience places before	13 u mos*	wonderful	work of	art.
revelrv is in progress at every cor	morning.” he mutters, and	there	Is	the wheat belt. The best guide is	her the proper food, the amiable and
nor. and to look at the ijght-heartei	truth In his words for although	all	*° Kct from the experiment station	lon8 suffering cow will at once be
people one would never dream that	the women go	wild over the sup-	the kinds that	have done best in the	Compelled	by reason of her internal
they lived over a mine, which is liable	p<)ev(l hero of the r,eateet bull-fight 'f,trttlon tests.	Then, after	consult-	organism	to commence the manufac-
to explode at any moment.	Madrid ever saw.	there arem^ dark	in* the best wheat growers	in your	turc of	milk which the dairyman
Soldiers are as thick as skippers it	BCOWj, caet afler	the cavalrsd# bv tha	neighborhood,	;niay, without let or hindrance on , ,	.....	J
Spain is a country where the rest	(he*,* art, friends of thi*	^ K°od variety is always desirable,	On the contrary, the cow has an	*H‘ad. hut	a man	often has to
less populace, dreaming of liberty anc	P<.,jru Vasauei who hat# *h!	!	hut do not forget that even the best	extremely sensitive organism, which	chase his into the middle of a	muddy
license, have to be constantly re on	_.u#e	, , , '\*n	' ***** wil* ,l°* do well on a poor seed- demands the same thoughtful care in street.
minded of the power resting with th< i should have	t « A.	1 hed.	; providing for her comfort that we A <«a put on all the colors of
royal family—she has been a repub- j g0^	t '	a\ ourue Prilling is of course the only me- give our human kind; food of the the rainbow and look like a bird of
lie before and will again, with thi	pnH.« ravai -r d- a *, ..	*hod to bo recommended. The hind right kind, at the right time, and paradise. A man must wear plain
shining example of France so neai n* i pre^,/	u H> own, of a drill is another question. The in the exact amount she can best colors and look very ordinary,
at hand.	RhoilM ani1	*	11 ,,ane of modern disk drills have Wen so sat- take care of; light, fresh air, free- A girl can put on a ten dollar hut
headine for th# ,h r	^em*nt; isfactorv that they can be recom- ,dorn, temperature carefully régulât- and it is called taste. A man may
leads to the grand .^n.rof , J	mended without hesitancy. The old- ted; comfort of body and peace of wear a two dollar and a half one,
E £ SL-ir- SSSS	s=
these three nights, no one shall ap and the gay et y around him, so that I ¦ ¦	m	m-------—______ _____m------^r—-------------------—------
Most Dreadful of Skin Diseases
great racket far down the street, and
door

> !
things. The first of these is the fan
Presently the excitement increases, wheat crop escape and a little party arrive, bearing on very generally last fall their shoulders a square platform in ports of tho winter wheat belt wheat which rests a chair, and this is oc
In many
WONDERFUL KNIITO
tho paramount
of some sort
he
art
Bless my soul, I understand It all
CHAPTER X
Without a moment's hesitation he
opens the window beside him, over Once a year Madrid, in common with the door, pushes his head and should- all Latin cities arouses from her long ers out, grasps the steel railing Bleep, and for three days and nights around the top of the coach, and be- preceding Lent, engages in the most gin» to draw his whole form out. extravagant orgies.
None but an athlete could Accomplish this, what with the darkness and the moving coach, . but Doctor Jack does the Job, feels with his foot for the front step, used by the driver, finds It, gives one turn, and with a single motion seats himself beside that worthy, who, never dreaming of the gymnastics going on behind, is tremendously astounded to discover a human body planted beside his own, but who Is even more surprised when he feels the cold muzzle of a revolver touch his face, and a voice bellow in his ear above the rattle of steel-shod w heels on the cobblestones ** 1 am your passenger. Your game Is up. Turn along the first calle leading to the Del Prado or I'll murder you. No words, but obey," says this terrible voice.
The man shivers—perhaps he fears lest he has picked up a crazy fare— but he obeys orders, and In ten minutes Doetor Jack drops down in front of the little fonda where he has put up, hards the man a peso, gives him a look that makes his hair stand up, and marches Into the hotel.
He does not mean to retire yet— there Is much thinking to be done ere turning in—and he takes out a cigar to smoke, when he discovers the one given him by Don Carlos.
Again that suspicion comes to him.
He takes the cigar to his room, whese In a simple way he can tell Whether It has been drugged. To his surprise the experiment proves the fact beyond a question.
. Then he wonders, while smoking one of his own cheroots, what the game is —why should Don Carlos desire to keep him under his roof against his will—for he remembers how earnest both of them were In beseeching him to remain. Robbery seems out of the question, and Jack never dreams that the fact of his having an engagement at eight cuts any figure in the matter.
WHICH HAVI
THE HARDEST
LOT ?
Girls sometimes wish that they were men, but the troubles of this
?
>
»
>
As Doctor Jack looks the hells ol the Spanish capital ring out the houi

but it will be called extravagance.
A girl may be ill all the year round and she gets the sympathy ol all who know her, but a man similarly placed is told he is lazy.
A girl can break off an engage* meat and be free at once, but a man can be sued for breach of promise and beggared.

penalty may be a broken head.
As Jack has never chanced to be Ir the south of Europe during the carnl val time he Is greatly interested in tin sight, as will be every sojourner ir Madrid
(ion with such a racket in progress even if he did desire to obtain It.
Leaving his room he passes downstairs to see the entertainment ai shorter range, not that It Is his Intention to Join In just then, though many foreigners do a>, and become mixed up in the brawls that often oc With all the wickedness that
ZZ Z	5K A Chronic Case of Eczema of SO Tears Standing Cured by Dr. Chase's
the bull-fighter’s friends having prob-	OlDtlUÔIlt
ably pelted him with oranges, and per* haps dragged him through the street
mud.
The mad scene goes on, and fresh actors in it seem coming and going
night bells announce again that the three day* of Jollity
marks the Spanish capital during the Lent ushered In. Madrid will be In g«y carnival season at least one gooc one continual ferment, day and night thing can be said-few drunken men pranks will be played and strange
wines are the drink# scenes enacted, each citizen vietng
with his neighbours in producing noise by day and Illumination by night, or adding netv f*attires to the parade of masks upon the public rtreels.
(To He Continued.)
Sleep seems out of the quern
The demand for Dr. Chase's Oint-1 and meut is enormous. It is during the most dreadful of skin discuses
this developed in eczema, the
on my face, and Caused me a great deal of misery at tiroes. As soon as 1 began using Dr. Chase's pinUnenl the itching and soreness were lieved, and now I believe that I am entirely cured. As a result 1 cannot gpeak too highly of Dr. Chase's Ointment.”
Few people realize the suffer I ng caused by eczema and other itching akin diseases. This is an example #( what Dr. Chase’s Ointment is doing in the way mankind. Many brings about are more like miracles than anything else ; 00 cents e be*, at all dealers,
& Co., Toronto.
to he continually . Until the mid-
warm weather especially that there | "I was so bad that 1 would get up is such great suffering from eczema 1 at night and scratch myself until and similar skin diseases. That Dr. | flesh was raw and flaming. The tor-< hase s Ointment is a thorough j ture I endured is almost beyond cure for this torturing disease is j description, and now I cannot say proven in hundreds of cases similar | anything too good for Dr. Chase's to the following	|Ointment. It has cured me and I
recommend it because I know there is nothing ho good for itching skin.”
cur
are past, and
So he is all at sea, and the more ne ponders the less able he is to get at the kernel which he knows lies hidden somewhere inside this hard, flinty outer shell.
Meanwhile time has slipped by. It lacks less than an hour to midnight now. Jack does not smoke furiously as when with Don Carlos, but in a
dreamy fashion.
are seen
indulged in by the people of Spain rum seldom being used, and whiske>
mÊKÊKÊÊÊÊÊÊ
sinthe drinkers of Paris to a certalr degree, but this serves Co stupefy theli
minds bke opium, and not eogeudei street brawls.
Mr. O. H. McConnrll, engineer in Fleury's Foundry, Aurora. Ont., states : "I believe that Dr. Chasm's Ointment is worth its weight ^^H gold. For about thirty years I was | Ont troubled with eczema, and not obtain any cure. I was no
They may have copied the ab-
Mr. Frank Duxbury, "clerk in W. in | Bute, hart's hardware store, Men ford,
states "I was troubled with could j eczema for four or fivti* years, and HH ¦ H M Hi H HH#n-| tried a good many remedies without fortunate an to have blood poison, obtaining s curs. It was the worst
of relieving st.ffyr! of the cures
%
hi£l
A good lion of a good son
hand is but tho ovolu-
Down below Jack
f nde quite a
Ue Si assied near tbs window, for throng gathered near the doors U
or Edimmson, Bates

###PAGE###3###

7








4
*


CANADA’S FUTURE IN OIL HE'S A FINE CHARACTER.
here and there.
MR DECEITFUL HEALTH
took a detachment to a vlllnge near by, raided it, and came back with a number of cool low each oarrylng one of those large painted collina which every Chinan win koepa In his house. With these as pontoons, & bridge was iunprovised, and tile men got Wine.-^ across In time, thereby saving the lose of mùch time, ammunition and perhaps valuable lives.
RESOOiCR IN EMERGENCY
Notes of Interest About Almost
Everything.
A locomotive going at express speed given 1,056 pu/Te per mile.
fTolland i» the only dountry in Europe that admits cofToe free of duty.
Consulting a doctor the other day Faria hue the biggest municipal Dr Marion 8. C'hurchcll, of Van-about my shattered constitution, 1 ^ebt of any city. It amounts to couver, Il U., is one of the best	.
exproflsod surprise at the sudden #400,000,000.	known chemists on the Pacific Coast, und Mt Royal, illustrative of
breakdown, considering what excel- The City of London, only one and is renowned as an expert in fuel indomitable energy and self-reliance# lent health I always enjoyed, says square mile in area, bus in all sev- oils, determining their varying quai- ** wel1 aa bis sly humor. WbeBi a writer in London Answers.	enty-eeven churches.	ltlee as heat generators. He has bhe young emigrant, at the age
There arc probably few well-known “How do you know that you en- jn jrt,)un overy workman wears j,j8t returned from tlie oil fields of 1 H» entered the perilous service people whose lives have not contain- Joyed excellent health?" he inquired. on %#„ cup Rn inscription stating his Southern Tex»», where he made sn r,l« Hudson bay company ta, ed one or moro startling incidents of "because I had all the symptoms business and his employer's name exhaustive investigation of the quul- l,oat li) J*hlch be was sent was mn-
25%  tar- "w"“- T•*«='-» =."t;p
peaceful, unromatic lives can tell "A clear skin, to begin with. '	great commercial nations.	curred which xervud to show the
moro truo stories of thrilling adven- "A clear skin? My dear sir, that On the Upper Congo wedding rings ««Canada will he a great factor as company the material of which he ture than Mr. Itider Haggard, who Is an unquestionable symptom of are mudu of brass and worn round en oil-producing country within the Wab niu<le. Attacked suddenly with 1ms had many brushes with death In scrofula."	110 ne<:ki Tiiey sometimes weigh 3U next few years," says Mr. Churchell. cul,>r blind nus» end fearing lest he
Mexico, Iceland, and South Africa. "Well, a good rod color in the pounds.	“The fact is not generally known, should lose hi» sight, altogether, ha
......	.	^	^	His	narrowest esc a p»e. however, was cheeks."	Including policemen, pressmen, except through commercial circles, resolvid to consult a cai-ahlo o< uhst.
back mU> the river attract iim n. | jUHt 0Ver a quarter of a century ago, "Commencing heart disease, pro- bakers, postal employes, and market that the Canadian Northwest is a Jbere was none nearer than Mon-sho t s of small hflli, wh r h at en o wl)yn he WIL8 mastor of the Trans- disposition to apoplexy, or gout." people, at least 120,000 people are great oil storehouse, capable of sup- treui, however, many hundreds of U-..' pbiiteou» fuud-^ ho director, yftal ^ h (;ourti jn this character “My heart was sound, anyhow. I working all night in London.	plying the whole continent with fuei miles distant, and u journey to that
mmmmmmessamÊBm
y,.œrz‘tiss:J2rsE F*zT£t;ciriri	»,« ™ ,»t ssinwrr -
In Uruguay both coal and wood are 10 , yh™,v _ lvin(r ln strongly to overcome the obstrue- act amounts of their debts.	in Texas and along in California on censored for quitting his post with*
extremely expensive.	f	l	ol\\	, in M1SiVfld to torture i^on» un(1 this would account for ^ doctor says that persons who the Pacific coast extends into the, out authority, but advised not to
¦¦He
weio poured into a bucket, ganed at, ¦ tlmc 1n port Delaware Prison under iy accompanies diabetes, a rapidly! the curious property of turning red .	:	'	(J ,	Smith was seated in the library of
photographed, and finally handed ¦ 8cntence death. The suspense of fatal disease. It arises from Irrita- every ten years, owing to the prc-'t western border* of Alberta the bis Montreal home, with a >oung over i o Messrs. HarnutO;^	that time, when at any moment he bility of the stomch, all the food j eence of certain aoquutic plants .. ...	.	. firgt «DDr.ir«nCc ®ndn^r, discussing the plans for the
There were over 150 different sires mjght be led out to bo shot, was passing out as quickly aa it goes in-1 which are not known ln any other ,	.	‘ t f continue Canadian Pacific Kailway, which
and sorts of diamonds in this aiuaz- terrible even to a man of such Iron to that organ. Whenever you have lake in the world.	throughout British Colunihi i near- owee its existence to him, a madman
Épaar-
It was only after the officer bmilos, and rubbing his hands in tlio	the	Rattlesnake.	sures through British Columbia. Lord Strathcona, whose peerage
exuberance of his spirits, 1 shako	wonderful	sagacity	shown by Many prospect holes have been sunk, came from Queen Victoria ln 1897,
my head. It may mean	that bird 0f Southern California, and while no gushing well has been as a well-deserved diamond jubilee
MERE MENTAL VACANCY, known as the "road-runner," is al- found, the investigations have been j honor, has always been famed for
most past belief. As these birds can pushed far enough to uncover with his cordial support of the movement outrun the* swiftest horse, they little expense evidences indisputable for the higher education of women usually choose to escape pursuit by of the presence of vast quantities of As chancellor of McGill University in their speed. The road-runner, how- oil.	opened that most important of Can-
evor has one mortal enemy, the rat-	STANDARD MONOPOLY.	ad,an colleges to the gentler sex, en-
- - - mmm üse wmm
BMMBh
: E #	hs M B#'i :	1= z:
result. In vain the rattlesnake tiies ^^j^ Q|1(| analyzed, and it is of
to t'9Cai)e. The ring of Pr,vk*y1 tl.o same quality as that in Texas.
You’re leaves holds him a prisoner. At j ^ wqj mAke fine fuel for steam en-	fu *
eeiP
since been observed in the art b.v ,es8 than COttl< an(l t believe coal has ..£“• '“‘ J- ' several eminent natural *». who,Mil ^ davs a8 a rommerre |	R^;am ••
ŒeV8rnm.rns	^ controller. Canada is destined in, Tonuny-has he met with an
th*lnÜ,a?\, , «	, .	..	my opinion, to be the greatest oil- accident? ¦¦¦¦¦
The male bird Is not larger than A, producing country in the world with-common barnyard rooster, and his U)e uext decade." feathers are as gayly colored	¦
those of the peacock. The hen is of a dark brown sagebru&h color.
LORD STRATHCONA AN» MOUNT ROYAL.
GOOD SIGNS THAT DO NOT DECEIVE DOCTORS.
NORTHWEST SAID TO BE GREAT OIL STOREHOUSE.
MILLIONS HAVE BEEN SAVED BY SUDDEN' IDEAS.


HiS
Some Anecdotes Illustrating Great Energy and SelfReliance.
Symptoms of Good Health Are Sometimes Very Misleading.
Dr. M. 8
Has Studied the Subject for
Thirty Years.
Churchell, Vancouver,
Fighting
Fibh
Flames With Used to Make Illuminating Gas.
The London Review give# \ number of anecdote» of Lord St-athcona
There is a big firm of British cattle rancher» and beef canner» in the Argentine, who have paid a dividend averaging 17| |*or cent, per annum for the past thirty-seven years. Such a result beats even the famous Chicago meat packer», who boast that they utilize everything about the animal except its squeal, and Is largely due to a clever idea on the part of one of (ho heads of the firm, says Pearson’s Weekly.
The slaughter houses are on the banks of the Hiver Uruguay, and from thin stream Is drawn the water which is used to cleanse the slaughter houses. The morsels of refuse which the returning flood carries
WILT NEVER BE FORGOTTEN
Startling Episodes in the Lives of Well-Known People.
of
of
lirai
oo-
two He reach-

fact, undertake the return journey until summer. He would never reach Mine
an-
" 'Bliged to do it right off ?" inquired the intended victim, perfectly unmoved.
A trifle disconcerted, the lunatic replied that ho could wait a f@V minute».
"Then kindly be seated just a moment until I finish this paper," .mid the imperturbable Scot, going on with his work.
The visitor seated himself and shortly forgot all about his bloody i errand He was later captured without difficulty and returned to the asylum whence he had escaped.
A BENEFACTOR OF WOMEN.
to some military barracks two miles away, and brought back a company accompanying me had explained to
them that I was an architect sent | by the Sultan to make drawings for powerful help things the restoration of the Temple that aocm l>cgan to look better, when sud- they calmed down, and 1 was allow-dvnly the water supply gave out. od to begin my sketching."
of artillery.
CIDER PUTS OUT A FIRE With their
but more probably it is the early
dcnly the water supply gave out. ed to begin my sketching."	intoxication of general paralysis of
But even then the overseer was not —	,	the insane.
bullied. In the collars were twenty	——4	Oh, but I novor knew what it was
sa:	zi zrs
knocked in. and a heavy stream of Canada’s Area Is One-Twelfth of th°0“„d "%raclous^ ''"'"*'
25“. Ï!".	2 th* L“d thr	1.	. uurt...»
spread of the (lames.	Canada has the world’s greatest of the muscles. Mad dogs wander
Mure recently the great Moyer granary in the rich valleys and for days without becoming exhausted, vineyard and wine making establish** plains of her wide Nort Ji west. One Belliious fever patients and maniacs ment was threatened by a terrific hundred and nine million bushels of go through an amount of muscular forest lire A gale was blowing and grain of all kinds were grown in work that would kill,a healthy man the dames sprang across the cleared 1901, of which sixty-five millions I should feel truly alarmed if 1 nev-ground, caught the trees near the wcrc wl‘eut.	er grew tired."
buildings, and were Boon licking the 1^** than ten per cent, of Mantto- I had a splendid crop of hair, very walls of the ranch building»,	ba s land has been taken up; the	"Tendency of blood to the head."
A great fir, blazing like a torfch,	neighboring territory of Assiniboia	"And bright eyes."
fell upon the water tank, smas«hiiig	baa nearly sixty million acres, most-	"Inflammation of the brain."
it and leaving the unfortunate poo-	lV suitable for wheat propagation;	"And a clear, red tongue."
pie without means of lighting the Albcrtn, near the Rockies, is 500 by "Irritability of the stomach.
300 miles in extent, and Saskatche- haps a gastric ulcer." wan is another empire in area. The	"Really, you must excuse me
land-hunger of men is being shown laughing."
Then occurred to Mr. Meyer the j jn the rush for those virgin wheat "Oh, certainly. I saw it coming bright idea of using the great stores fields. Fifty thousand immigrants on — the resus sardonicus of wine. Quickly the hose was in- arrived in 1901, and a much larger in a fair way to go off into tetanic eerted in a barrel and a red stream number is expected during 1902, convulsions."
sprang forth. Meeting the intense chiefly Americans; and \yhen the vast "Yes, that all sounds very well in heat of the flumes, the wine e vapor- wheat domain is practically occupied, its way; but I can walk or run a a ted, and produced carbonic acid it will be capable of producing be-1 mile at a very creditable pace, and go*, the effect being almost miracu- tween three and four billion bushels I never feel out of condition. In fact, Iouh. The roof of the building was per year, or more than the present I scarcely perspire. Surely that's a soaked with 4,000 gallons of wine entire production of the world! good sign?"
and so saved from destruction.	The Canadian can at least boast "You are, my dear friend, labor-
One more instance where quick of the area of his native land, com- ing under a chronic delusion. You thought saved valuable property prising 3,653,000 square miles, or are living in a fool's paradise. Your from fire is wortff recording. It was nearly one-twelfth of the land area condition is positively appalling, at Lynn, where Messrr. Jermyn and of the world, and, excluding Alaska. Why, you are suffering from a mal-Poony’s shop caught fire during a larger than the United States. It ady which is absolutely fatal, if long sharp frost tho winter before last, extends over twenty degrees of lati- protracted. Perspiration practical-Early one snowy morning a passing tude, equal to the distance from iy keeps you alive. If you didn't constable saw U10 fire and blew, him Constantinople to the North Pole, perspire your pores arc in a deplor-w his tie. Several other policemen Twenty-eight United Kingdoms, sev- able condition, and you are on the oame to his aid. But the pipes were entecn Germany», eighteen French sure road to palpitation, heart-frozen, and no water could be ob- Republics, twenty Spains and thirty- troubles, nervous diseases, and lung tallied. Something had to be done, three ltalys could be accommodated ailments of tho worst, description. One of the bystanders shouted : within Its borders, or three British if you don’t perspire, externally you "Let’s snowball it l" A regular Indian, or the whole Australian do so internally. Beware when you bombardment began, and within a Commonwealth. Canada forms one- are in such a condition?" quarter of an hour the blaze was third of the whole British Empire. "They say that your finger nails completely smothered with snow and Two Switzerland», says The Leisure are a sure indication of the state of extinguished.	Hour, could be sunk in Lake Su- health you are in. Now, mine arc
BRIDGE MADE OF COFFINS. perior. Hudson Bay, 600 miles Qf A perfect hue—beautiful red."
wide and 1,300 miles from north to «‘Ah, another of your fallacies! south, would swallow up Norway, Take care of the red finger nail. It Sweden, Denmark and Belgium. Can- betrays a tendency to heart, disease, ada has room for one hundred mil- ; Possessors of red finger nails must lion people.	shun violent exercise as they would
a mad dog. your nails
medical authority has over and over again asserted that this pernicious habit is a sure sign of embryo insanity, coupled with a delicate constitution."
"Then you say that I was never really in good health?"
"Judging by your symptoms, you seem to have been on the verge of a multiplicity of diseases, and I am not at all surprised at your complete breakdown."	« .
gon-The Now tho coun-
9 9
Ivord My toast
fire
SNOWBALLING THE FLAMES
HE CARRIED ILL NEWS
•#

9 9
“No, ma'am—it is far worse." “But what can it be? Tell me at once!"


I just came from the new build-
ing."
LONDON’S LARGEST SCHOOL.
Tho .Jews’ Free School, Spital-ficlds, is the largest school not only
in London, but on earth. There are	. .
forty-four class-rooms for boys and And you, you rascal, brace your-
twenty-eeven for girls, and there are Srlt t(>	' whacked with the broom*
2,200 boys and 1,800 girls in at- ^ick! she replied, as she ran for tendance. Each room is fitted as the broom.	.	..
completely as modern invention can . ^11 cn sli«‘ got back hr was standing make it The fact that the school ** the road 20 feet away, has never been closed owing to the ^ou must be a cold-hearted wo spreading of any epidemic indicates man not to care for your husband’s
tho sanitary perfection of the enor-1 dc,a^, *1C ^ markW.
mous structure, now covering two ^es, I should think am, seeing
acres of ground. Mr. C. II A bra-	hod thirteen years to get over
hams, the head master, is in his lt NoW vou bc orr’ 01	H 1
fiftieth year of service.	somebody to raise a bump on your
6 s	¦ ¦	head!"
"What new building?
"Where your husband was at work. Madam, brace yourself to hear the worst."
• •
TO CIRCUMVENT BURGLARS
A new use of the telephone is pro-by a Rochester man. Hie
posed
plan is to provide a burglar-alarm system by wiring the doors and windows of shop, dwelling, office, factory, or other buildings, and connecting a telephone, so adjusted that when the doors or windows are closed for the night a device is set which, when the windows are opened operates a lever at the telephone and a call is made on the telephone exchange. Tne operator upon “listening in" and receiving no answer notifies the police.
Engineers are' .famous for their ready resource in emergencies. There
was an infltaJl0illHHH|||pBHIIH two years ago, of how military engineers can cope with a difficulty. A bridge had to be run across a bridge *n Natal. The bottom was hard, the water deep, %nd there was no such thing as a pile-driver handy. The engineers fitted a metal cap, saucer fashion, on the top of each pile, qnd in these saucers exploded small quantities of dynamite. Dynamite exerts its power downwards, and so each explosion was like a blow with a heavy hammer. In a comparatively short time the piles were driven home ^nd the bridge erected upon them.
On another occasion, during the Chinese War, it was necessary to get a number o' troops across a river in a great Ltiirry, to prevent the enemy taking up an important position. Then» ' wm no bridge, and there were no boaU. An engineer
in South Africa,
Then, too, you bite Why, & most eminent
JOURNALISM IN FORMOSA.
Wherever the modern Japanese goes ho starts a paper. Formosa has been generously blessed in this respect, and its two dailies are well worth the subscription price to those who wish to keep in touch with the affairs ln the small but lively world for which they cater. According to accepted notions, indeed, it is not only a privilege, but also a duty, to subscribe. Those residents who prefer to sec the affairs of their neighbors rather than their own affairs discussed in print lose nothing by subscribing several times over. Reminders to that effect not Infrequently enliven the news column.
». i
o
CHEATING THE JEWELER

TWO HUNDRED TONS

A manufacturing jeweler recently remarked that some of his employes I Few tilings are impossible to dili- had begun to wear their hair unusu-gcnce and skill. Addison.	ally long. He watched them more
The last pleasure in life Is the closely, and discovered that they sense of discharging our duty. — frequently greased their hands, rub-Hazlett.	ted them over with gold filings and
Good humor and generosity carry diamond chips, anil then carefully the day with the popular heart all ; passed tl«eir hands through their the world over.—Alexander Smith. hair. It was the!: custom at night When moral courage feels that it to cleanse their hoir with fins is in the right, there Is no personal combs, and collect and sell the gold daring of which it is incapable. — particles and diamond dust stolen In Leigh Hunt.	the manner above described.
MAULS OF TRUTH
There has been built lately for the Kaiser
largest crane in the world crane consists of a four-legged tower supporting a revolving centre-post, to which is attached a horizontal jib, one arm of which carries a counter balance at the extreme end. The smallest	woman in	the world,	and the other end	a crab capable of
so far as is known, is Chiquita. who	traveling from its	extreme	and to
was born at	Mntanzas,	('ubu. in	the edge of the toiler. It	is corn-
1869. She is	2(1 inches	in height,	pc tent to cary a	test load	of 200
and weighs 18 pounds.	tons.
at Rrcmcrhaven the
This





s

'


A

__
—v .
###PAGE###4###






THE MARKETS.
THE EQUITY.
IMPORTANT TO
SPORTSMEN!
SMART & SMITH
MASSBY-HARRIS
SH AW VILLE.
Wheat (standard) 00 to 75c. Flour per barrel, $4.00 to $0.00, Oats per bushel, 40 to 00c. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75c. Buckwheat, 43c. per hush.
Rye, per bush. 43 cents.
Eggs, per dozen, 14c.
Butter, per pound, 14 to 13c. Wool, per pound, 13 to 13c. Pelts, each, 35 to 43c.
Hides, $4.50 to $5.50.
Calfskins, 45 to 66 cents each.
SHAWVILLE
SHAWVILLE, SEPT. 4, 1902
WARE-ROOMS

5)
/t\e>
Will Lead to Crime
<x
The Royal Commission now sitting in London, England, by special warrant of the King, to enquiie into the immigra lion evils which arc threatening to sap the very foundations of British Nation-ally, have brought startling facts to light.
According to the Tunes, the testimony of competent witnesses show, “that if something is not done to check the swamping inflow of foreigners pauperism must expand to a dreadful extent and many will be driven tofHHIHflHI of living, who are now earning an honest i hood |||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||i|||||||||||||||| Russian and Polish Jews and other continental. undesirables are undermining British labor and leading to the introduction of appalling “sweat ' systems. And while Great Britain is endeavoring to combat the immigation monster, the Canadian Government are actually paying the passages to Canada of just such classes as the British wish to rid themselves of. This policy can only have one result—the debasement of Canadians, many of whom would be glad to take advantage of such assistance as is being meted out to the hordes of semi • civilised lands of Europe, but the government turns a deaf ear to any appeals in behalf of our compatriots. Canadians would be an ornament to our country, but instead of assisting them to return to their native land, those in power at Ottawa are driving thousands of our young men abroad to make way for aliens morally and physically diseased. Is it any wonder that the medical fraternity have raised their voices in protest against such policy ?
The Open Season for Ducks and Partridges begins Sept. 1st ; for Deor, Oct. 1st.
flew Williams
o
Sewing Machines
Are always seasonable
and always In the front rank In point of general superiority.
When in want of
Guns or Ammunition
Give Us a Call I
OTTAWA
Butter, print, 30c. per lb.
“ palls. 16 to 18c. per lb
Eggs, fresh, 17c. per doe.
Potatoes, 60c. per bag.
lAuib, 7 to 10c. per lb.
Mutton, 6 to8c. per lb.
Beef, 4J to 6Jc. per lb;
Pork. $8.50 to $0.50 per 100.
Oats, 40 to 43o. per bushel. Hay, $5.00 to $8.00 per ton. Wool 14 to 16c. per lb.
a dishonest course
it has been established that,
We handle Winchester, Marlin and Savage Rifles and Shot Guns. Anything not in stock can be procured in a few days. Our stock of Ammunition is complete.
OILS—Sewing Machine, Cream Separator, Cylinder and Heavy Machine Oil—we sell the best.
Still Wanted !
MACFARLANE BROS.
SMART & SMITH.
Two Teachers. Apply either personally or by letter to
S. N. LOGAN, Thorne Centre, Que.
o
P. S.—Mill Teeth.
1902
1902
RIGHT AT THE FRONT
A NEWLY REBUILT KILL I
e associations and
—with a full line of—
Sylvester machinery ÇLARE NDON
ROLLER MILLS
}|ICH CLASS WD MEDIUM
A Policy for all Canadians
Also a stock of
ADAMS* WAGONS, BRANTFORD CARRIAGES and
FURNITURE.
Mr. U. L. Borden, leader of the Conservative party, speaking at the binquet of the Canadian Manufacturers Association, held at Halifax a few days ago, spoke in unhesitating and certain terms in advococy of the building up of Canada.
He expressed hie confidence in the future
national life of this great country, and | Ware-rooms next door to D. McRae’s shop called for the adoption of a policy best suited to the attainment of the greatest gaod. Mr. Borden fails to see why Canada should continue to bo the third best customer of the United States, when our patronage,which amounts to $125,000,000 during 1902, in extended at the expense ! P. 9. Hay Forks
of our own manufacturers. Neither can I___________________
he see an reason for permitting the Uni ted States manufacturée to maken sliugh-ter market of Canada,and his declaration, that our industries should have full and adequate protection, will commend itself to thoughtful Canadians.
On another great issue now before the public—preferential trade—Mr. Borden stood on strong ground. He urged that a factory in Canada contiibuted quite
as much to the welfare of the empire, as ,	... .	.	.	„ „ „ . xr I
in York,,,ire;	jUa.
the additional advantage to the country, | ^	West. South-West,
that home industry guaranteed home	QJt	j|	fli ||	and North-West of
proipority. Mr. Brodtn in striking this	eQ I	SB	|l II	Winnipeg, as far as
keynote of - Canada for Canadiens," haï W ,WIVW M0OSEJAW.
rni-cl h:m.4e.f m> vu the mere thilloe
feelings ut a leader speskiig for effect,	E5TEVAN and
and shown that his heart and the hearts I	YORKTON,
< f his followers are with the welfare of	On SEPTEMBER 6th, from all stations
their nat ve land, as well as the empire in the Province of Quebec, Quel>ec City, I fTVL A	î *1*
Underlying Mr. Borden's dictum is | Megantic and West of Ottawa, inclusive. | * H9 iRfcCvwrïuAw** SillUOA
returns to its buyer a greater value than any other harvester that ever entered the harvest field.
expresses. I Remember that we are adding to our reputation as manufacturers of High Grade Flour.
You don’t Catch Us standing still and trying to do business solely on a reputation already established. No, sir !
We want Hard Milling Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large stock of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Prices Right.
DOWSELL’S WASHERS. WRINGERS and LEADER CHURNS.
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
Bedroom Suites, Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
9
A Call Solicited

R. J. HAMILTON.
—O—
JAMES WILSON.
UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Farm
Laborers'
Excursions
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
1 0,000
FARM
LABORERS
WANTED
McCORMICK BINDERS.
. Gt-xfc.A.SLAna:.
Second
Class
The McCormick Right-Hand Binder
HE SHAWVILLE
T
fRESH ARRIVALS
BEST IN THE WORLD
Is the machine by which the performances of all others are compared. Cheapest machine to buy. Easiest machine in the field.
SASH and DOOR
IN
FACTORY

4H; ;


A È

(Formerly McCredie & Qodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.

m
*38

. 4V4


AT THE
the consciousness that Canada can furnish
One way tickets to Winnipeg only will homes for the millions, who, living in I ,,v wi,h certificate extending the ill. I'niled S„„. „.d h„
,	.	,. alniboia att above, if purchasers engage as
generously purchase. All that is needed farm laborers at Winnipeg, and provided to secure to ourselves the profrs of this such farm laborers will work not less than great foreign output is adquate protection. days at harvesting, and produce verti-
S3	xriSStS*”-
employed would be forced to transfer Male or female farm laborers who have his domicile to Canada. That would arranged to work with farmer friends or mean the introduction of a redundant relatives, or for the same farmers they
¦tiuiul.nt t. C.Dadi.n	.„d	St
from Winnipeg as mentioned above, on presentation of farm laborers certificate to C. P. R. station ticket agent, Winnipeg.
For further particulars and tickets apply to nearest Railway Ticket Agent.
¦’I'M


dash Store,
STARK’S
CORNERS.

produce the commodities which we so
¦J
mm
/!»
BEING FULLY EQUIPPED WITH UP - TO - DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN, THE PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. :: ::
C. A HOWARD - AGENT - SHAWVILLE.
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin, *
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
of ranking as a great consumer, we would become a great source of supply for the wants of other nations.
Once we had established our tight to consideration as a producing centre, our home markets would furnish our great agricultural sections with sn almost unlimited outlet for their commodities.— kicqJlste protection would secure for the ? farmer tu“ 8ime privileges at home, as it would -«pen Dp lo the manufacturer and his employees. It inZ °ive and take proposition, elementary fit Its nmp»^’tv-instead of sending his wheat to the textile worker in G rest Britain, the fermer would find the Wisher who now contixdias 0*- farm produce miles away
V-j source, comfortably settled in Canada and paying a comparatively better price for foodstuffs. There would be no ocean freight charges, no duties, no insurance, no forwarding charges for the agriculturist to meet, and there would be the additional advantage of a market ml most at hand, where trade conditions could be more readily observed and taken advantage of. The falacious argument that the farmer “pays the piper" under protection, will not stand intelligent analysis. The “adequate protection" advocated by Mr. Borden, is a broad and comprehensive system of encouragement to all classes of Cansdian producers—of which perhaps the farmer ia to be the most envied.
McCormick Twine and Repairs on hand.
The Archbishop of Canterbury May Soon Retire.
Desirable Farm Property
For Sale.
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will be kept on hand and Custom Work don# as usual.
Wish to hit Canada
London, August 21.—While there is no direct continuation of the report that the Archbishop of Canterbury may retire during the autumn, it is generally créditeras 80
GERMANY WANTS TO COLLECT A HIGH DUTY
ON OCR WHEAT.
The undersigned desires to sell the undermentioned farm property, situated in the Township of Litchfield, two miles from the village of Bryson, and intersected by both roads leading to Portage du Fort and Shawville
North West Half of Lot No. 20, in the first Range containing 1Ü0 acres, with eight-room dwelling house, large kitchen, and all necessary outbuildings ;
Also. South East half of Lot No. 20, same range, containing 100 acres, and having thereon small dwelling bouse with all necessary out buildings ;
Also South East Half of Lot No. 21 In same range, consisting principally of bush land.
On the above three lots there arc about 75 acres cleared. The property is well watered (partly by the Ottawa river), and is well adapted for dairy purposes. The owner's reason for selling is his family.
For terms and particulars apply to
J. H. CH APMAN.
Bryson. Que.
SILAS YOUNG.
officials would be unable to Mtiug
I
ROBERT C. HODCINS.
OHAWVI LIE'S
U NEW
Here it is ! The Place
SASH and DOOR
customs ¦¦¦	i*
discriminate against Canadian wheat. The decision, it is expected, will prevent American warehousemen from mixing Canadian with United States wheat designed for export, and grading northern WÊM spring wheat, against which practice the I Lmidon, Sept. 1.—Lord Milner, British German consul general in New ^ ork lias	Commissioner in South Africa, has
already protested.	jult jBlued at Pretoria, a new ordinance
in regard to the taxation of natives under which every male adult and every married woman, must pay after September 1, an annual capitation tix of $10. This is, roughly speaking, double the amount of capitation tax collected under the Boer regime, and it will doubtless lead to much murmuring.
Doubling Tax on Natives.
NEW ORDINANCE ISSUED IN SOUTH AFRICA
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in Tin, Agate and Enamelled Ware.
In connection with my former bus! nexs I have just placed In position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
Valuable Relics
Col, Picquart, who took Dreyfus’s part when the tide of opinion was running strongly against the unfortunate officer, had been given 20.000 franc damages in a suit against the Echo de Paris, which paper had severely attacked him. The mills of justice have been grinding slow, but they have ground the anti Dreyfusards fairly fine in the laet four years.
As they have ground they, too, have
made things politically better in France;	..	.	,	.	.
and for the improvements few men XÏ6&tly (10118	lOWCSt
like Col. Picquart are to be thanked.
RARE JEWELRY OF THE TIME OF THE FIRST
EGYPTIAN DYNASTY.
San Francisco, Aug. 20.--Dr. George Rtlsner, who has been delving in Egypt for archeological epecimens, for two years for the Phoebe Hearat museum at the University of California, has reached here. He has obtained many valuable articles, the rarest exhumed being gold jewelry of the time of the first dynasty. These were taken by the Egyptian government for the concession to search for ancient relics in the country. Four hundred boxes shipped from Egypt by Dr. Reiener WT now on their way to the university Many of the articles they contain are without duplicate in the world.
Sash,
Eavetrough i ng,
Hoofing and
Repairing
Works Both Ways.
The corn crop in the United States this year is unprecedentedly large. That will be a bad thing for Canada. The cheap American corn is admitted free to this country to pull down the p com and all manner of And American corn is admitted into Great Britain at a lower duty than Canadian grains, which will handicap Canada in the British market.
Doors,
Mouldings,
Quebec Aug. 7 —Hon. H. G. Carroll, N. P. .Solicitor General is about to remove his residence from River du Loup to Quebec. Ho will join the law firm of Robi-taille & Roy, of which Hon. Amedee Robitaille, M. L. A., aie members.
Glasgow, Scotland, Aug 30. —Twenty throe person were seriously injured this morning by s collision between two pass-
One of the trains was
Turnings, &o.
rice of Canadian
For which I am now prepared to recel ve orders and guarantee first class work.
coarse grains
prices.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage In the past, I shall look forward to a future In create In business.
dy Riglan, wife of the governor of the Isle of Man, is exhibiting herself in her coronation robes st “threepence a peep," in aid of the Cottage hospital.
Mr. J. Ogden Armour, of Chicago, ar
2Sh?iïi*£5 S risMI, V!,XHighc;iVre
beef trust, but really knew nothing of it. * for VaUsklllS and Pelts.
La
DALE BROS.,

enger trains standing at the station and the other crashed into it, telescoping two carriages. Most of,the injured persons sustained fractures of the limbs.
London opinion favors Sydney or Halifax as the cisatlantic terminus of m fast line,
are
A large force of military have left Brest, France, to aid in the eviction of the nuns from the schools at Folgnet, Plondenial, and St. Meen. The Carthusian monks have decided to emigrate to Austria in October, A syndicate has bought their interest in the manufacture of Chartreuse for 8,000,000 franc*.
Shawville.

JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
The Japanese government will erect a separate building for the exclusive use of Canadian exhibitors at the forthcoming industrial exhibition at Osaka, Japan. .
\









###PAGE###5###












THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
To give Starched clothes the finest possible finish with least amount of ironing use
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PUtlLMIflD EVERY TIIURHDAY
ATj 8H AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
• SUBSCRIPTION—$1.00 A TEAR IN ADVANCE.
No paper stopped until ell arrearages are paid, uulesa by special arrangement with 4‘ie publisher.
Advance Display of
County Pontiac's Largest Ware-Rooms.
Bee Starch
A. SMILEY, Prop.
‘NEW FALL GOODS
*
4
:o:
The Kind Gets all % Cream
The Improved
U. S.
Cream Separator
RECEIVED COLD N|EDAL, THE HIGHEST AWARD
ADVERTISING RATER :
Legal advertising, eight cents per line for Orel Insertion and four cents per line for each aubaequent insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one inch Inserted at #4.00 per year.
Local announcements 1 nserted at the rate • of 8 cents per line for first insertion and 6 cents for subsequent Insertions
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods inserted at low rates, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without instruction! accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three cents per line.
v
StarcH
We have received this week from Berlin, per Steamer “ Konigin Luise,” via Bremen, New York,
Two Cases of Ladies’ Mantles
Jackets, Etc.
These Goods are passing through Customs today. To-morrow they will be on display.
Requires no boiling but only mixing with hot Of cold water, The iron cannot stick to the linen when Bee Starch is used.
A set of these Patent Plat Irena nick ltd, la ««change
• 4
IKK STABCN GO , MONTREAL
9
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
FREE
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher.
Business Cards.
CEO. HYNES,
At the Pan American Exposition held at Buffalo,
N. Y., last summer. : :
MEDICAL.
New Venetians and Zetelines.
FURNITURE DEALEH AND j An interesting time in the Dree» Goods eeetion
just now, receiving New Goods. We’d welcome the privilege of showing you our new Fabrics even though yon had no thought of buying.
DR. IHcNAUCHTON.
OFFICE AND RESIDENCE :
at the new house built by JamesCuthbertson, oppoe... the Exhibitionjarounda.
Before purchasing a Cream Separator see samples of the “ TT. S.”—the best machine made—at our warerooms.
Ite
UNDERTAKER,
EAST.	_________
At horn©—Monday, Wednesday and Sat-1 SHA W V iLLE. - - QUE.
urday afternoons. Telephone In office. |
A. SMILEY.
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M , |A wellse,ected end Tarled ,tock of
Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
Taffetas Mousseline Heck Ribbons.
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Vlcterta University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Ornui amd Rssidiwcs î J. H àbmstbowo's Houes, MAIN 8TRKRT - - 8HAWVILLM.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith,
Colors—Hello, Pink, Turquoise, Cardinal, Reseda, Mais, Rose, Mexique, White, Coquelicot, Cream, National, Wood Rose and Black
LEGAL.
D. LECUERRIER, .
NOTARY PUBLIC,
Will visit Hryson on Wednesday, Thurs ,l,iv mid Friday of every week. Olltce at
District and Country.
At Very Special Prices.
qil visit Hryson on wenmr* day and Friday of every wee K. MoC. Ritchie's residence.
Headquarters for

Earthquakes were registered at the Toronto observatory on Aug. 21.
Of $20,397,309 of Quebec city property $7,290,970 is ex ‘mi t from taxation.
Lord Wul«cLy ii credited with say ing that the U. 8 army is the beat in the world.
UP-TO-DATE GOODS.
BOURBEAD RAINVILLE, L, L, L
:
G.F.HODGINS.
ADVOCATE . . DKYSON
»
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
Wm. gamble,
FALL 1902-3.
Frank Resume, a Sandwich. Ont , fermer, harvested 2.400 bushels <f wheat from a 70 acre field.
Charles Hoikins and Josiah Dobb were dr< wind in n R -»aland mine 900 fett under ground, on Saturday.
ADVOCATE, &o.t
Office; Trust Building, No. 48 Sparks
St,. Ottawa, Ont.
AT SHAW VILLE EVERY MONDAY.
CEO. C. WRIGHT,
Mr. Poupore s Purchases
Doukhobors’ Mania
Mr. Thomas McDowell, one of the builders of the tirât railway in Ontario, died at Owen Souni on Sunday, aged 84 yoir».
ADVOCATE. BARRISTER. &C ,
OF TEE PROVINCE OF QUEBEC,
Montreal, Aug, 28.—Mr. VV. J. Puu-pore, the contractor for the nev Mai sonneuve pier ho* made an extensive pur-
r«f m oi izitinu re- chate of property clos* lu hia wmkh iber^
p- rtf that aoimt 3,500 e**' lr* have al embracing 04 lute facing on St. Catherine Piivate advices from Winnipeg were re>ny taken up land in the Temiekaining Notre Dm me, and Niclet etrceisand on received by an official to theetfect that the district.	the east on the municipal boundary line Dominion g-vernineut will interfere in
with the cry. The Avenue Valois inter- the case of ! ha Doukhobors, who are . A y°u*g harves'or namfri 1#onkie 6ecte the property, Mr. Poupore, it ie suffering from a religious mania. The jumped fr- m a i"*d <»f hay on the farm understood, paid between $30,000 and foreigners are making no provision for uf Mr. Wm. Buck, near XNartborg, and $50,000 for tho block and at present will the winter.
was unpa id on a folk handle, which Uae it for office premises and the storage Five thousand are uow affected and was standing upright.	10f material to be used in the works.	the mania ie spreading. They have dis
Workmen has commenced cleaning up I		__	__ j carded the use of horses and caitle claim- - OUE I the old Hudson Bay Railway grade, and	„______ _	] ing they
v 'the Canadian Northern will build the	Journalist Dead.	| wild on
Mne to Oak Point, Manitoba.	--- the product of any animal and live on
.	.	Owen Sound, Aug. 30.—Owen Van- bread, water and a few vegetables. A
During the jritral V, arid a hair days ^sen, an old resident is dead, aged 82 few weeks ago they decided not to wear last we k the street tmiway company s -eâI8< Mr. Vandusen who was a solicitor leather shoes or woolen clothing, follow-b< xei showed that JMJ.OOO fares had b profession, was the pioneer of journal- ing their strange beliefs. It ie feared avi.	collected. The number of pislengors i|m ^ Northern Ontario, having in 1851 that thousands will suffer If the govern-
BRYSON, - - Q	carried into the city by the different rail etartod the Comet newspaper, when the mentjdoes not soon act in someway.—	z\-F o 11
Will be In Shaw ville on	y ways during the week was about 15,000 other newspapers published north The Doukhobors are totally unprepared	OI 3/11 K1I1QS«
SSSSF® “pa? «-.srr.* •—
s^sfsssmm	-TSS*	ESSSsSS
He sales conducted at Shewvllle once a	---- pie. "I am not at present prepared to	.	. t
month. ? variety of L®ni• ûuV- °°	Vancouver, August 30.—It is reported	Battle Creek, Mich., Aug. 28—Five	discuss this at any length," said Mr. lae1,	M
han tor sa e. e.	'	from the north that there ta a possibility employees of the Battle Creek sanitarium Smith, “but it has nothing to do with Apparently the moat pressing need at m
of James A. Smart being appointed gov-1 nurse#, probationers and stenographers,	! the department at all. The	people are	present is	more language with which	n-r
ernor of the Yukon, and that Governor	were drowned at Lake Gognee last even-	free to have what religious	views they	adequately	to describe* the Manitoba
Ross will be the Liberal candidate when I ing aa a result of a collision between may like along with other queer religious wheat crop.	ussrnrsu a
representation ia given the Territory at	the steamer Welcome and a row boat	bodies. The department baa	thought so	Chief of	Police Wiraot, of Eikins, W.	flTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
Ottawa. Mr. Ross's health has greatly	containing a party of young girls. Five	little about the matter that	there la no	Va , was murdered, making the third	V
improved.	girla had been out for • row abou t the agent among the people at all. Ii head of the department slain within one
OtUws, August 30.—Angu. Macdonsld Uk«	n,ln‘nd *«re return- i. not .1.11 likely that this religious year,
of Wipella. Mao., was killed by a cyclone '»« l° the «oitanum nil.. The Welcome mama w,11 .pread or live long among
in August 1900, and .t the aame time hie •t,‘rtinK ”ut ,0' hef le,t ^ Tbe ,hem' building we. deetroyed. In view of the 7»""8 m«n, Beneet, who wee at the oars '
=='5 ?Bb 5 ^eEZCrZZl	™	| Eipenmenu ,	„
Interior, has grantwl • free patent to the |	^ Fannie Brady, Battle Creek these passifoies dead, foeb will were successfully conducted between
Mich ; Mabel Richard, Traverse. City,	i>« and 34 injueid.	Ssssnitz and Kolberg, Germany, a die-
7 Mich. ; Ella Dorsey, Allegheny, Tenn.,	--- tar.ee of 10;> miles.
and Fannie Wiills, North Toronto, Ont. Owotanns, Minn., Aug. 31.—The How little people realize the blessings North Bay, Aug. 29—A man named Carrie Kyock of Johnstown, Pa., clung to wreck on the N. W. road, five mile# west they have with them. In the Northern
__	C. H. Woods, of New Brunswick, jumped	the boat and was the only	one saved,	of here, last	night	was possibly	the Yukon Territory the even' song of the
ÇHAWVÏÎÏF	A	I off the Winnipeg train this morning. He	Mise Brady and Mias Richard were evi-	worn that ever happened in this section gentle cat ie rarely beard in the land, and
UU A W! 1LLL, I#, j went to the dock, handed hia watch and dently struck by the steamer and killed, of the state. Three passengers are dead, they have a plague of rate and mice. The
eighty dollars to a man, told him where	for they were found floating.	The other	four are fatally	Injured	and 34 others	re-1 deip sed cat, which we hurl harsh words	-r t	Train No. 107 leaves
Pnnrt	Shawvillfl	I to send them and then jumped into the	bod lee are in twenty feet of	water and	ceived injury,	some;	of them of	a j and unkind missile# at in the centres of	* ±	Train .No. 108 arrives "
vuuiu uuan vino, j	He waa drowned in a few feet of m being dragged for.	6 serious character. Elimination shows civilization, are worth $25 a piece out
water. The body was recovered.	v	v .	0- v that the storm which wrought such dam- there. Think of the wonders of a coun-
n	Al1„ no » tn„.	Newburgh, N. Y., Aug.	ag# to the train wee but 100feet in width, try whew cate are worth more than
csraiBgea istf	rrte s,
&jftSK.ussa atarsi s ssrsys	tt. j: ! Diet - -«•
the Trenton «and and immediately the p.wling today. The Beach .later. **f feather, and roHed over acd over down derrick wa. cleared. At present it u not vieiting Duncan girl, who were daughter. the ,, embankment. Four of the poMible to measure the output, but the „f George Duncan, a life long resident of colche8 caugbt the fun fury „f the storm, strike ts unquestionably the greatest of Pawling Tbe gltl. went rowing together lo lhe,e four coaches occurred sll of the recent years in Ontario.	on the lake this afternoon and decided to death, ,nd lhe m,jori„ 0f the injuries.
Quebec, Aug. 28.-David Demers, eon g°vio be‘i>ln8' They rowed to the shore
### #3
worth of gold, from hi* claim, which he other etde of the lake they were drowned. Watchmen, tell from a futnitnre v.n the then .old for a good round 6gure and re- Their bodies were recovered within an other day and some of the furniture fell turned home to enjey hi. wealth.	hour.	ing on him he wm severely bruised.
FIVE THOUSAND OF THEM WILL NOT MAKE ANY PROVISION FOR THE
WINTER.
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
TrUst BU'is&s Street, Ottawa.
Tec runt'' i »nr
> r
Phone No. 13-4.
Attends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac Districts.
J. P. GROITAtT • •	• • LADYSMITH.
W. W. IRELAND,
Fishing Nets
Clerk of the District Maglstratea* Court.
Deeds,
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Mortgagee, etc., executed legally and satle-
raclorlly.HHHHIHI
• « « * and »•# #
are gods, and have let them run the prairie. They will not eat
SHAWVILLE
s. A MACKAY, B.C.L,,
NOTARY FOR THE
Fishing Tackle
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
:o:
Sussex St. Ottawa.
A terrific earthquake wrecked the town of Los Alamos, California, Thun-
k G. OuliM,

PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
-A N D-

PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION RYS.
Summer Time Card.
d
It Is reported from Cleveland that the 2,000,000 trade unionist of England will contribute to the Pennelyvania anthracite coal miners' strike fund.
JEWELLER
f $
inn
A SELECT STOCK OP
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY,
SILVERWARE
Ac. *o.

O. N, AND W. RAILWAY.
+ Train No. 101 leaves Ottawa 5.05 P M. + Train No, 102 arrives	••	8.25JA.M,
0 Train No. 108 leaves	“	7.08	A M,
o Train No. 104 arrives	“	6,00	P.M,
8 Train No. 105 leaves	"	1.30	A M.
8 Train No. 106 arrives	"	8.00	P.M.
9.30 A M.
6.45 P.M.
widow, without requiring her to perform any further homestead condition on the land.


a

,4
>9
-
ZUrAiai
a SraciALi rr:
L0.E
Mojne.
Meets the 4th Wednee-day of every month.
Court dues mast be paid promptly every month.
Visiting brethren cor-dlally Invited.
H. B. Barnett, F.8
P. P, J. RAILWAY.
+ Train No. 109 leaves Ottawa 5.15 P.M. + Train No. 110 arrives M
*	Train No. Ill leaves
•	Train No. 112 arrives 14
+ Daily except Sunday, o Daily except Saturday and Sunday.
8 Saturday only.
4- t Sunday only.
• Mondays, Wednesdays & Fridays only.
t
9.25 A.M. 6.45 AM. 6.35 P.M.
la
L.B.C.
J. A. Cowan, R.8.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
R. W. Hodoins.C. R.
HAWVILLB HAVING PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH. Proprietor.
s
To boy well, watch the latest price* and information in tbe special TRADE PRESS.
A&nadlam Grocer end Storekeeper Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Goods Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
- m	Sample* Zree
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
For tickets or further information apply to station agent or GEO. DUNCAN,
Diet. Pass. Agent,
42 Sparks St.,
Ottawa. Ont,
The
The
H. B, SPENCER,
Gen. Superintendent,
UNION STATION (C. P. R.)
OTTAWA, Oat,
The spot for—
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
Your Torn next
l

\
###PAGE###6###




I - • V #



























KILLED Bï THEIB METS
child always. He was a rugged, Ample man, ami ho did not protons to know much about womankind.
Presently ho returned, looking more like an ordinary civilian. He was, an he expressed it, "quite ready (or tea if tea was ready (or him So, together, ho and hie daughter went out into the pretty, well-kept garden at the back, where, on a table under a shady tree, Weru ranged the cup* and saucers.
Mercy smiled to horselt as she sew the preparation»; sho had managed things beautifully, sho considered^ Her soldier-lover was to lx> soon;- he would meet her father ; they would have tea together, and— the rest would be easy.
IN THE JUNGLES OF INDIA
*+w^w++++++++++++*
His Good Name i
chIncry on the Kolar gold fields will be worked by electric motors, power for which ho# been generated at the falls ninety-two tulles away. If the full measure of success anticipated by Capt. De Lotbinlvre is attained, we shall soon hear of other Indian waterfalls being turned practical use.
with an effort ho straightened himself, and in another moment, with a dazed, despairing look on his face, he hud passed out of the garden. The chlcf-warder watched him slowly down the lane, then, hearing footsteps, he turned towards the house Emma, the old domestic, was standing by the doorway looking with wondering eyes from him to his daughter.
Well, what is it ?” he asked the woman.
I ho
PUBLIC BENEFACTOB» WHOSE LIPS WE BE SEALED.
Laberatory Explosion# Killed the Inventor of Fulminite Other Instances.
HARNESSING THE POWER OF CAUVERY FALLS.
Utilising the Water of the Mighty Cataract of the Ganges of the South.
Rt)
!
» •
to


ChieFWarcler Halliday returned to his little cottage adjacent to birches* er Prison rather later than his usual time for getting home. It was a bright, sunny evening, and trusted vividly with the gloom he had post left. Ilia daughter Mercy met him at the cottage door and gave him a more than utwally affectionate kiss ; but she noticed that ho was somewhat preoccupied, and, lovingly nutting her arm round him, elie asked, ah she led the way into the house H
•Dad, dear, what is the matter ? You’re not your usual self. Something has happened at the horrid
PERSONAL POINTERS.
The maxim which state# that ell-cnee i# golden ham cost the world Homo of the greatest discoveries of modern times, for not a few of the inventor# whose names would have been handed down to posterity as public benefactors have been killed by their secrets before they would consent to divulge them to their fellow-beings, says London Tit-Bite.
In 1898 all Europe was startled by tho discovery of a now explosive called fuiminite. which it woe believed would revolutionise modern warfare. It was tho invention of Exeter scientist named Saw-bridge. and samples of tho explosive which wore tested by tho Government revealed the fact that it» power was three time» greater than that of cordite, and in consequence it would treble the range of a rifle bulr Ivt The German Government ofibred Saw bridge $100.000 for hi# invention. which he patriotically refused until the homo authorities had had the first option of purchase But, just os the latter wore about to wo! a contract with him. tho news come that hi# laboratory had been blown ami himself with it. Unfortun-ho left no records whatever.
Quietly, without any fuss or ostentation, a very remarkable industrial
enterprise has been carried to a successful completion in the heart of
tho jungle# of India, says the Lott-	¦ J	I __
don Globe. We refer to the Cautery | Fbw ltoyal children live In greatn Falls electrical power transmission splendor than the heir-preauuipt «'«' works. The Can very Falls are one to the throne of Japan, a boy eight of the sights of southern India, and months old. fie has »o fewer than this month there will be opened twelve nurses and atieiuUiut». and works which have taken not quite will he supplied with an English and two years to construct whereby 4,- French governess as soon as he is 500 horse power is transmitted over able to talk. mSm more than ninety mile» to the very MisH uheong
heart of the Kulat gold field#, and llr8t Chinese lady who has under! a k-thvre distributed among ten gold cn to travel round the world. She mines, of which tho best known in ^ extreuwUu^eulthy, speaks several this country, perhaps, are the Myjj languages, .Including English, and • more, Ooregum, Nundydroog* and ^ possossyo of progressive ideas. On I Champion Reef.	the completion of her tour sho in-
The magnitude of the undertaking tends to return to her own country will best be realized when w© state &&U lecture on European custom#, that judging by tho quantity of Sarah Bernhardt's dresses are the horse power, and tho distance over paf/oclion of "man-milhours' * gen-which it is transmitted, these works ^ ()BU gown Is of ivory satin, are tho second biggest in the world, ,,ro(uae|y deedrated with diamonds and quite tho most important turquoises No fewer than 200 throughout the British empire. The Vidmals were needed to procure the premier position is held	by a Cali-	Qruiill0 to pne the train. On	the
fornian undertaking, the	huge plant	flklrt a bimd of j^goo turquoi»#,
at Niagara not being employed to fro^k bv!ng worth some $fl,000 (transmit power over any long dis- w ^ q(H)
¦¦Eg™
our imperial renown.	tho Piofewion.	clsred to bo equal to that made by
The Caw very is one of the sacred The collecting of knives is raine: tbo RllCjent#, whose secret ham been rivers of India, and is sometimes a hobby with Mrs. Brown 1 otter. |QJd Tarant! abandoned holy or-called the Gange» of the south. It She has several dagger# in her pom- d^ ^ set to work to execute the rise# in a wild valley on tHo western session with blood-curdling luster- humjrodg of commission# be received borders of Coorg. From the sum- les. One, In a beautiful chased sil- ^ tho 8ecrocy of him workshop at mils vf the encircling hills one looks vor scabbard, one© belonged to La- ()stiu near Home. The llneet stain-down on the western	ocean, not	fitte, tho great Spanish pirate,	who ^	window#	in	Italy were made
forty miles distant. But	the sacred	committed many terrible deeds	on	and	he
ms swror .m&
Coorg and Mysore leaps down wild i from Brazil, once the property of a for when a year later he was fouad gorge# to the thirsty plains, when great pirate who was captured In dead of biood poisoning set up by
cr\:«r- a*,».......	«.
Sivaaamudram, on the eastern boi- ness. Mrs. C udognn » p.v ,,)U ls 1 Scotch manufacturer put composition dera of Mysore, tho river here being, feet long, and, though slu g	(billiard balls on the market which
the frontier line between the native great dislike to strangers, 18 (U’	" woro ^ g0od aa but oniy a third of
state and British territory. Two ed to his own mistress.	t|» pid€e 0( those already in use.
other notable islands formed on the It is a fact not generally known ^ refrained from patenting his l*&-Cnuvery are SeringapaWm. where that Dr. Joseph Parker, of the City ventioll ttnd mude all the balls him-Tippoo Sultan’s fort stood, and Temple, on one occasion put up as ^ ev^n bi9 family being prohiblt-Sriranghoui, near Trichinopoly, fa- a candidate for Parliamentary lion- ed jrroln sharing ¦	¦
mous for its temples. At Si vase- ora. He wanted to represent the . t M he WM8 ^ginning to taste tlie mu dram is a marvellous bridge, nar- City of London, and held several fruits Qf hi# experiments he was one row and tortuous, three-quarters of crowded and enthusiastic meetings, d m0rtallv wounded by an accident a mile in length, built on piers of but withdrew his Candidature be- ^ bis workshop and died before ho single monoliths. The falls are two fore the nomination day. At on© couM muko any statement. Experts in number—Ruvi Chukki and Gan- meeting a visitor declined to take wpr0 gjven specimens of the ball# to gun Chukki. At tho former thb riv- 0ff his hat when told to do so. ftna, ® but in spite of the fact er broadens out, and its bed is "Take it off! Take it off!” the t|mt tj* succeeded fli tracing the studded with a thousand little is- crowd yelled at him. until Dr. Par- materials used they have long sine© lands. The height of the falls is kcr Werferred "Never mind," he ivcn up aI1 h;>pea Qf being able to not great, under 200 feet. But Buvi 8Hidi "there's nothing in it "	i discover how they were put togeth-
Chukki is one of the loveliest water- Iiishop Taylor, of the Methodist rr	*	^
falls in the world The finest effect Church# who died recently, had for ' Tho ollly man
Is by moonlight, when the river ** j over half a century slept with his successful in taking photographs in at half flood. Standing on a b uff h(?ad p|i|owed upon n vtone. He co]or was a martyr to his discovery, facing the Ck tar acts, at one s feet generany carried the stono in the secret of which is lost. Some is a broad Pool of broken silver sa(cheï and always laid hi# head up-y0ar8 ugo t>r. Herbert Franklin, of water and down the thickly wooded . Qn ^ at night wherever ho was, i Chicago, submitted a number of '"ol-semi-circle opposite leaps t he	laugh-, thuj| actually carrying out the words	ored photographs - of a somewhat
rtm; B°t in one roaring	flood.	| ^ |he hymn> -My rest a stone." A	crude nature it is truo-to the	lead-
but in 500 rlamming cascades, 1111 clergyman says that on one occasion ing American scientific institutions, and out among the trees, and oxer thQ biahop visited him when the Hnd tho encouragement he received all hangs n veil of mist shining in temperature was f ir beloxv zero, and waB 8Uch that lie built himself »
SPes-s» « 2
river narrows and the flood rushes	. . ,	TVrL. lv,;l,VTinM
down the gorge, sending up cloud» In spite of the fact that she had PERFECT HIS 1NVEMTC .
of spray that on a clear day arc already made her mark on the con- jn preparation of his plates li© visible for miles. At the foot of cert platform at Melbourne, Miss U8ed a charcoal fire, and one day the Gangan Chukki, a few hundred Ada Crossley, tho charming Austra- wben at work he omitted to open the yards down the rapids, stands the linn contralto. was very doubtful ventilators and was found asphyxi-gencrating station.	about trying her fortune in London. a^t,d- He had refrained from di-
The Cauvory Falls are thirty miles After much hesitation she decided vu|g|„g bis secret to any one, and in from the nearest railway station in that fate should settle the matter consequence, although some para thinly populated district.	The	for her, and resorted to the expedi-	tinlly finished plates that hid
country is very wild, and for	mile»	ent of tossing a coin in the air	^ remained, the way they	were
the transmission line, consisting of	"Head" was to be London, while	prepared is a problem that	has
telegraph posts carrying six strands	"tail" meant stopping In Melbourne,	baffled scientist# to this day.
of copper wire, run through billy	The thousand# sho ha# since delight-	Another victim to his secret	was
jungle© Infested by tiger, panther	ed should be grateful to the fatefui	Adams, tho inventor of talliuin,	the
and boar. Herds of elephant# still, coin, for it luckily fell with the greatest discovery in metals of roam wild hero. Tame elephant» Vhead" uppermost.	age Adams was confident that a
helped to convey the machinery from	. u d of his successes metal could be produced which,
EEHS" tea B=L>= E’EF " S
mwmm üti
muni ¦	a-rrïïs ~ a s
H>-der Ali and his guns have passed,	find that the town in which ho was	sensation of finding mi •<> ‘
but hi# bullocks and Britain remain	appearing was flooded with posters	hie grusp, took away 1	’
to tame the waterfalls in place of i stating that the "Simple Henry Ir-	and he was confined in an	. y	•
ruthlessly bringing people# into sub-	ving" was giving representations of	He left no records to expu	n
sstsra "rlStoMW-
the stream. Most difficult was it for who hadt accompanied her husbandj this reason to collect labor. and	on horseback,jmd after a time
malaria, always deadly in the river the	(,f hei ®add	^ I
bottoms, especially when the soil is 4t WftS impossible to repair t © .
newly turned, played havoc*, and	of Sedan-chair was r ggc _ P
there wa# also»a bad outbreak of ,rom a gun-carrmgo cholera. Ignorant people# speak of **er Royftl Highness should be able these superstitions ns foolishness. ! to ride back. l gyptmn gunners Yet in truth it is hard to conceive	bore the carriage along, and aft#
higher wirdom than that whereby	some time the Duchess politely
the belief that the river# were the	marked to the native officer In
peculiar care of the gods was firmly	charge:	"1 hope your men will not
instilled into the popular mind in	be tired after carrying me? Jo
days when Kings and Sultans were	this the native officer, whose English
despots A bridge foolishly built or	was very limited, replied:	"Indeed,
a stream diverted by some petty	no, madam; you are no heavier than
tyrant might haxe wrought per-	the gun they arc accustomed to
petual ruin for hundreds of miles tip	carry!” The amazement and amuse-
and down the watershed By tact	ment of the Duchess can be imagin-
and careful explanations the old	ed at this ungallant though inno-
superstltion was overcome and the	ccntly-glven reply, when it Is stated
work proceeded quickly This month	that tho gun In queetiog weighed
it is hoped that all the mining ma-lover half a tons
Notes of Interest About Some
Leading People.
You're wanted, and quickly, at tho prison. Tho governor's sent a hero message Someone's dead," she replied, quietly.
Halliday knew who It would be ;
Ho glunc-
Thvre wn# a gate at tho end ot tho ed at hi# daughter, than going to garden-walk which opened oh to a her he tenderly drew her towards It was that way that she ex- him and kissed her softly. Then rc-
te. and even leasing her he gave a significant
glance to the old servant, and without a word more loft the two together.
No sooner had he gone than the young girl rose to her feet.
| Emma," she said, hurriedly, "do mo a service. I know you will, dear. Find Harry—Sergeant . Markham— you know him. He was here just now—only a moment ago—he cannot be far nway." She pointed in the direction her lover had gone.
Emma seemed to comprehend the situation in a moment, and with a cheery "I'll find him, dearie," she
• <
con-
la no
peeled her lover to as sho glanced a handsome, bronzed, khaki-clad young fellow apixvared there, and her I wart gave a joyful throb as she reoDgrtlied her soldier-sweetheart.
May 1 route In ?" ho asked, in a voice Unit was not without a slight
tone of apprehension.
Enoch Halliday gave a start; he had not bargained for this; he had quite thought it was to tie a girl friend of Mercy's. As his daughter ran to open the gate he turned towards tho cottage, feeling that he could hardly What cohid it mean ?
Father, dear'—his daughter's voice arrested his steps—"please let mo introduce one whom I want you to like very much. Harry, this is my father. Dad, this is Sergeant Markham."
I hope, sir," said the young soldier, as he came forward, may be good friends
Again Halliday gave a start. It was very strange. Where did ho remember to haVe heard that voice ? lie swung round * and looked! 21 soldier searchingly in the face. Then after a pause. ho asked
What does Sergeant Markham want hero, Mercy, and with me ?"
Let me answer, sir," the young man said, "and speak for myself— your daughter has already given mo permission. Frankly, Mr. Halliday, I love Mercy—have loved her from tho day we first met; and I come here to-day to ask you to give her to mo—let her become my wife " Another pause ; still the older man kept his glance full on the sergeant’s features. At last ho spoke, but in harsh, unsympathetic tones
My child, your wife ? You must be	mad—yes. mad ! Young man,
you know what my station in life is, I presume. A year or two ago. before 1 got promotion to be chief-warder here in Birches ter, I was a the girl spoke ] warder at Pent on vt
The young man’s check blanched and a look of agony came into his eyes, which did not «rape Haiti-
«m
Chuk Kwon Is tho
i
an
gaol |
child—some»
YoitYv %ulte iright,
thing oX the gaol. It's got on my nerves, though I ought to have got used to almost anything in connection with my official duties by
A sigh escaped him, and he seemed glad to seat himself in the armchair which his daughter placet! for him.
. i
< •
i •
• t
trust himself to remain.
May 1 know what It is ?” the girl interrogated, in a tone fittl of
sympathy.	HHfl
Yes, Mercy, I’ll tell you
I got my appointment
years ago, 1 don't
much 1 have kept
and 1 know
tvo kept from WÊKÊÊÊ Mercy Halliday felt her rlieeks burn at her tliUier's last words, but not noticing her be went on ; “One of tho prisoners attempted to escape while at work to-day; the alarm was raised, and one of my young Assistant-warders shot at the man while he was in the act of scaling the wall, and tho prisoner fell like a log. The assistant only meant to
Unately, ho has done more that."
"And is tho poor man dead ?"
"No ; but I’m afraid there is very little hope for him. He was shot, and seriously injured by the fall as well. The doctors are doing everything possible; he may pull round and recover."
To go buck to his prison lit? ? Father, it may seem wicked, but I think it would be better for him to
die ¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I
Enoch Halliday turned and leaked pt his daughter as she spoke. Y vs ; She whs right. He agreed with her— it would be better After a pause
« i
Five minutes or more passed. They seemed an age to Mercy. Sho pucoo the garden distractedly. At last the and her lover appeared, followed by sound of returning footsteps fell upon her ears. Another moment, Emma, who had a glad look In her eyes, as she glanced at her young mistress and disappeared into the cottage.
Harry !"
"Mercy
The loveis were clasped in one another's arms.
"You shall not leave me," sobbed the young girl.
Mercy, you set me the hardest task of all. This Is tho end. Your father was right. 1 will go back Into the army, hiding like the felon I have been called, yet trusting that time may put things right at last. I ask forgiveness for bringing this shadow across your bright young life. And now, good-bye."
I cannot say the words." caino the choking reply.
They must be said—they must. I am brave ; you must be brave too. Mercy, good-bye. Forget me as soon as you can. "
No, Horry, never !" the young girl cried, wildly, as she fell with renewed sobs upon her sweetheart’s breast.
They stood thus for some few seconds and did not notice Halliday's return. He had come back into the garden with some blue official-looking papers in his hand. He stoiped abruptly at what he saw*. After a short pause he called softly :
Mercy !"
At the sound of his voice his daughter, without turning, gave a gesture of alarm.
Go—go," sho said to her lover. No—he tuny stay."
Mercy and the young soldier changed wondering glances as ¦ chief-warder spoke. What could this change mean ?
Morey," Halliday continued, coming to his daughter's side, "I told you of a prisoner being wounded today in attempting to escape. He is dead. He was a bad lot, I knew, but he has done some good at last. He feared to meet his Maker without confessing to various offences for which innocent people have suffered. I have here his dispositions given in the governor's presence. His name was Sherrord——” Sherrard !" exclaimed tho young sergeant. "I knew a man of name once."
Yes	'¦
He was a junior in the same banking-house where I was managing-clerk in the old days.- I knew little of him, for he took a dislike to me—why, I never understood. Can it possibly be the same man ?"
It is—the same," the chief-warder replied.
You know that ? How ?” the soldier asked.
"Fate works out its ends in a mysterious way, Sergeant Markham. Tliis man Sherrard has confessed to the robbery—among other crimes— which he deliberately planned, and for which you wrongly, cruelly suffered.
In tho silence of amazement that followed Enoch Halliday took his daughter's right hand, and crossing to the young soldier placed it in his; then he turned away with glistening eyes, and the lovers’ lips met in a silent kiss.—London Tit-Bits.
I #
up
Since here two think there's ¦ from you, dear, there's nothing you
• •
ately
and although some of the leading experts of the day minutely examined the debris they failed to discover the secret, which is probably lost
• I
9 9
that we

i *
• 4
##
the
I 4
i 4
9 I
wing him, but, unfor-
than
4 4
a lie cleverest workmen
« r
e i

* »
« 4
M
Less than a decade ago a
again
¦ Dad, dear, it is a dreadful thing, end l know how it must worry you, who have such & deal of responsibility on your shoulders "
"Ah," was the rejoinder, "it won’t be long, I hope, before I can give it all up; but there—there, I’m really sorry I told you about this affair, Mercy. You look so scared, child.”
1 should certainly have heard about it from other sources, tho girl. Then going towards her father she continued, tenderly : "You arc a dear, tender-hearted old father, and I love you for it. I wanted ue to be very happy to-day, though. Dad, dear, please go and change your coat and then I will give you a cup of tea.
Halliday, who wore him dark-blue official uniform, rose from his seat in evident accord with him daughter's suggestion. She apparently had something further to may, but was po mew hat at a loss how to express It. Her father had got to the door of the room before she again spoke.
"Dad. dear, it’s such a lovely evening I thought—that is, I was going to suggest—well, how would it to have tea out in the garden ?
Not at all a bad notion, Mercy," Halliday answered, readily.
And I want to ask a» well," the girl continued, "It I might—that iff, would you mind—can 1 ask Emma ito set the tea for three, dud ?"
There was a puzzled look on her father’s face for a moment; then he replied
Asked a friend, ch ? Certainly— tea for three be it f didn’t know 1 was going to moot company, so it Will be bettor for me to change my coat and polish myself up a bit.” He disappeared into tho passage, and the next instant Mercy heard him Jocularly directing the Emma, to set tea for three under the tree.
I .eft alone. Mercy Halliday pondered deeply. What her father had told her concerning the shocking event in the prison had unnerved her ; and to happen to-day, when •he felt so happy and imagined yet further happiness in store 1
She took from her pocket a letter, glancing around In girlish confusion am she did so. Unfolding the missive she read it through for the hundredth time. Though only a short note, how overjoyed she had been to receive it that morning, for it told her that her sweetheart.. Sergeant Harry Markham, —th Husears Was back from the war safe and sound, and stationed at Birchester Barracks, not a mile away. The girl kissed the dear signature. She had •een the writer only an hour or two ago, and the glorious news he had brought had caused an unwonted thrill of joyful excitement in her breast. Her lover was going to leave the army, lie told her. He had only enlisted for a certain object, which had been achieved, and his relatives, who were quite well-to-do, had insisted on him being bought out, and, much as he liked soldiering. he had agreed. And, best of all he was to come to-day and meet, her father for the first time, and there would be no more secrecy in the matter of their attachment. He was to ask for her hand, and say before all the world that he wanted her for hi» little wife.
Mercy Halliday and Sergeant Markham had met and fallen in love •ome months back unbeknown to the \ girl's father. who had not dreamed that his daughter would •ome day surely lose her heart. M*	had looked upon her os a
9 #
day
Ah, familiar name—eh ? I thought it might be. Among the prisoners who went through my hands there I particularly remember one name then was Henry Marplc ; but he may have forgotten it—prisoners get so used to the number they wear and are known by
Mercy, who had listened to her father in silent horror, suddenly burst forth with a cry :—
Father ! Harry I What does this mean ?"
Find the meaning yourself, child" her father answered; "ask that man if he ever bore the name of Henry Mar pie."
The girl wondered if she had heard aright. There was an awful silence in the little garden for a space, and then, in trembling accents, the young soldier spoke •
Mercy—Mr. Halliday, I will tell you the truth, though Heaven knows it is hard to speak. Yes, I did bear . 4 the name of Henry Marplc once
•'And served your time in prison." Halliday added, "under that name." "Heaven help me—yes."
4 «
His
Dut
his secret.
« t
4 4
4 4
said
9 9
• 9
ex-
the
• 4
9 4
* ê
9 9
the
who has yet been
# 4
4 4
that
# 9
« 4
P 9
4 i
4 4
The young girl stared at hcr lover aghast. It could not be true ! Her lips framed the words ; sho whispered them huskily : "It is not true." Not true # her father exclaimed; he knows, as I know, it is true enough."
Oh, there must bo some explanation," wailed the girl, piteously.
It's rather late in tho day to explain," tho chief-warder went on ; then turning fiercely to the young soldier : "Henry tfarple, or Markham, or whatever your name is, you servant, dare, knowing what you are, to
come and nek mo to give into your care the most precious thing on earth to mo—tny sweet, motherless daughter." Hie voice rose higher in his anger. "As you have doubtless robbed others, so you would rob
4 4
« •
4 4
4 I
4 §
4 4
4 •
tho
4 4
* 9
the
al-
9 9
“Father—pity !" came his daughter’s tearful appeal ; "remember, I love him !"
Then. child." Halliday replied, "tfio man you love Is a gaol-bird — a common felon !"
The young soldier staggered as if he had been struck a violent blow. Recovering himself, he spoke manfully, but with a note of despair Mr. Halliday, I was innocent. There is one Judge who will convict me if I do not speak the truth. I was innocent. I was charged with robbery—theft from tlic bank I was employed in fts managing-clerk. The money was found upon me and my books were falsified, but I was innocent. I could not prove my innocence—my counsel could not—I the victim of a foul, deeply-laid plot. I was found guilty and sentenced, and served my term. When I again came back Into the world my good name was gone. I had something to live down. I changed my name and enlisted, and thought that luck smiled upon my new name and new life, and now broke off abruptly and groaned in his anguish. Halliday spoke again :
I will not say I believe or disbelieve you ; but you will see it is best for you to go from here. Work out your new life to the end ; form new friendships and forget till." He moved to the garden-gate and opened 11 ood-bye."
His daughter sank sobbing on a seat ; the young sergeant made a movement e» if to go to her, then
SMOKING PEOPLES.
Smoking is universal in Polynesia, China, Japan, and Siam. In Burma the mother takes the cheroot from her mouth and puts it to the . lips of her nursing babe, while the child purses its tiny lips and puffs away with every indication of pleasure. Kaffirs habitually smoke cigars with tho lighted ends in their mouths and their tongues adroitly tucked out of harm's way. Even Stanley’s Pigmies of Central Africa are inveterate smokers. The sun never sets on the smoking world, for before the white man of the Occident puts down his pipe at night the yellow man of the Orient has lit his matutinal cheroot.

4 4


OUT OF SOUTHERN INDIA.

4 4


MEN AND WOMEN WORKERS.
Nearly all the British census turns prove that .man works and woman less thap they did years ago Thus HH	I
Staffordshire jwt Issued show that the number of men (i e , males over ten) employed bus Increased 88.6 per hundred in 1891 to 84.8 in 1901; whilst the number of women (i e , females over ten) ha® decreased from 3011 per hundred in 1891 28.5 in 1901. This Is evidence prosperity, since i when tloee® are really good the woman is not forced into tho labor market. True in many directions more and more women find employment—many more are teachers and clerks, for instance —but the great decrease in the number of domestic servants brings daw»
re-
As
morn
n
EARTHQUAKES IN BRITAIN
the figures for
in order that
Earthquakes arc not so uncommon in the British Isles as might be sup-
world from the earliest, times up to 1850, the British Isles were respon-
for noHttHHlHMHPHM
district of Comric, in Perthshire, is
resort of the earth-and in the winter of 1889
Out of the 6,881 earthquakes have
from
been recorded In the
• t
He
The
fewer than 255.


of
the favorite
140 earthquakes were experienced in this favored locality. Both in England and Scotland the autumn Is the rnmonest
There have been seventy-nine in autumn, seventy-four in winter, forty-
4 4

time for earthquakes.
and fifty-eight in


summer,
&
###PAGE###7###

223,000,000 more pounds of wool.	"0 Woman In our hours ef ease,
An incident. I; given of the disco v-	Uncertain, coy and hard to pleas#.”
cry by accident of the fact that a There is one thing that certainly will please you, if you get 1$, hf>d ttat.fi nioettg reputable and manufacturer, who had a contract to supply the (lovernment with 50,000 army blankets, was found to l>e staffing the saute with shoddy to the
Ceylon Tee le the flneet
Tea the world produces* England, and In some cases, exceeds
and la eeld only In lead 3.60	“**•
nacketa	MM	The rapid Increase in the use of
^	shoddy in the United Htatee is
Black, Mixed and Green» Shown hv the following figures:	In
—-ir.,'tL."5“.'"5nVÏU-
000; in 1890 the census showed ninety-four establishments and a product value at $0,208,011.
Ragged clothes quickly— that's what common soaps with "premiums” . cost ; but
NEWGATE AND ITS PAST
LONDON'S FAMOUS JAIL IS BEING TORN DOWN.
)

Sunlight
Soap
À Landmark of the City,—Ite Victims Numbered by Thousands.
London «aw last week the beginning of the end of tho old Newgate Jail, it has been handed over to a
contractor, Ha ancient atonosggU being torn down, and soon one of the moat striking landmark» of the city will have vanished. Its low* cannot, on the whole, be reasonably regretted oven by cockneys thummel vee, to whom its gloomy walls, blackened by many years of exposure to the soot-laden atmosphere have become one of the most familiar sights in their dally lives. It is in truth an a na Qb t, on I win. Only as a link with the pu»V—and both historically and aesthetically an ugly link-hud It an excuse for existence. Notwithstanding its good architectural proportion»—Us height of only fifty feet was in well-calculated lutiun to Its frontage—it is a pellnnt, crucl-looklng structure, every line and stone seeming to symbolize denial of liberty and abandonment of hope. It was designed to Inspire terror. Its ponderous walls, where they abut upon one of the main linos of the city'» traffic, are
unbroken
lintel of
which It is entered depends a vicious row of iron spikes; while above the door hangs in Ironical adornment
REDUCES
EXPKN»
are
•4*
CEYLON TEA. Lead packets. All grocers,
WHOLESALE
Hailey court house. This court is inseparably * associated with New-gutu. The court house shared the destruction of the prison by tho “No Popery” rioters and was subsequently rebuilt and enlarged.
Tho "Press Yard" within the precincts of the. court obtained its name from the fact that there torture was applied to unwilling prisoners to compel them to plead to the bar. The rack wes only one of the moans of pressure thus exerted The latest recorded instance of tho torture of a prisoner at the Old Halley was in 1734.
When In 1788 Tyburn censed to be the place for the public execution of criminals the street In front of the Old Hailey was used for the purpose. Here was reared a gallows with three cross beams to accomodate
WHY WOOL IS SO CHEAP
pUSTRljkjr Staple Clothing
C tmiID XlirvügY’RIGH'F^LI Alee PANTS, KNIOK1NS#
L tsAimr
WD
BALLOON ASCENSION»
SHODDY IN BRITISH AND AMERICAN WOOLENS.
for
Taken Regularly Are a Cure
Consumption.
OVERALL#, SMOOKi #S.
Ask your dealer for these good» BEST EVER.
Mr. Alfred Mansell, of Shrewsbury, Eng., Tells of the Tricks of the Trade.
Dr. Nnugier asserted at the latest meeting of the French Academy of Medicine that experiments he has Shoddy is tho great feature in the I made demonstrate that a balloon trade of one of the leading towns of ascension acts on the human system the Heavy Woolen District of York- as the most powerful tonic known, shire, and it is well known that the A two hours' voyage in the air, he mills do turn out an enormous declared,_ causey on astonishing weight of goods, the material being multiplication of the red corpuscles composed mostly of shoddy, cotton in the blood, and that condition per-
Sixtoenpence to eigh- sists for 10 days after an ascension.
Five such excursions, he averred, are more beneficial to an anaemic—

JWYLD- DARLING
a*.
IV
OeNPâWV, UNITS!, Tl
its
LEMONS
$3.50
Extra Fine Stock
800 or 360 size,
DAWSON COMMISSION CO Limited, TORONTO.
re* io x.
and the like.
teen pen ce per yard (broad width), is
X55AK3	r - üjjr.ïiïK-i
than a sojourn of throe months in the mountain». Dr. Naugier believes that the good effect begins to be felt immediately and lengthened stay in tho air is on detrimental in causing nervous ir tntion.
The municipal council will be asked to provide a large balloon, one capable of taking to the upper air daily 50 patients or children who are too poor to aiford a change of climate.
k The academy Is nearly unanimous in considering that the Koch theory that bovine tuberculosis or consumption cannot be transmitted to a human being ha» already been disproved by the experiment of Dr. ftarnsult. He inoculated himself in July and the disease now has taken an undoubted hold on his system.
by windows. From the the narrow doorway by
THREE ROWS OF VICTIMS,
rie» are made at les».
It is also stated that Scotch manufacturers of tweeds, who hitherto used no shoddy, have had to resort to its use in ardor to compete with the composition of similar articles lufgely composed of shoddy produced in several Yorkshire towns and
and it is recorded that between February and December, 1786, condemned prisoners were hanged on these beams by the "new drop," which was considered an advance upon the old method of drawing away from beneath tho convicts' feot the cart on which he stood elsewhere while the rope was adjusted about| The his neck. Tho following year saw the last observance of the custom of burning the body of an executed criminal.
Public executions continued to take place at the Old Hailey until tho year 1868, when it was enacted that hangings should take place of I within the walls of prisons and out disease and misery. A writer in the Qf sight of the public. Until that 1419 referred	to it us ' the time a hanging was an event in the
lives of thousands of low-class RdOR'l doners, a sight which they would forego many other pleasures to see Hardly less fascinating to the old-
11 i fiLidlllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll
OUR
Don’t
90
BRANDS.
that
A FESTOON OF SHACKLES
»

ri-
Experlment
&
King Edward
For centuries the site has been devoted to tho confinement of criminals. The original New (late of the city of London, built probably in the fourth century, was constructed with prison cells In its flanking walls; but the first separate Newgate prison was built in the time of one of the Norman kings, either Henry I. or Stephen, and was designed for the incarceration of offenders against the law in London and the county of Middlesex. There is evidence that it was a dismal den, the home
with
B
"Headlight "

Inferior
brands,
of artificial wools—and it is somewhat difficult to understand the designation — is said to he a large industry supplying manufacturers with a cheap substitute for tho real article.
manufacture
i'3
' Ê.X
Y
"E
;•»
use
,ew
C 10

" Victoria "
EDDY'S
In speaking of the trade of another town in the Heavy Woolen Metric t. the Yorkshire Observer says It is noted for its classical cloths, cheap dress meltons, dyed in classical shades, which find their cheap markets In Greece and the Levantine ports If all goes well there is a great future for these goodsJJJJl twills and serges produced here are in great favor with wholesale clothiers, and, combined with an export demand, a steady trade results the whole year round Into the composition of the higher grades a percentage of wool enters, but it is small.
“ little Comet ”
HULL,
CANADA
A CASE IN POINT.
The Father—"One thing I want to know, young man. Do you speculate?"
The Suitor—"Why, am I not going to marry your daughter?"
This man was very much surprised, And quite delighted, too,
For, lo 1 each smart and novel trick The new gnu knew !
hvvnouae gaol of Newgate," and Sir Richard Whittington, the famous Lord Mayor., whoso history has furnished the nursery legends of Dick Whittington and him cat, bequeathed money in his will for Its improvement it continued
purpose, and witnessed tho wretched lives and deaths of thousands of victim* for nearly seven centurie».
The promeut prison, whoso dost ruction has now begun, is of comparatively recent date. It was in course of construction In 1780 close to the site of the old building when the latter WO# burned Popery" rioters led by the notorious Lord George Gordon. Part of the new building was
good and tho new jail completed in 1783. The story ot the Gordon riots is well known. The wild Protestant mob burnt not only Newgate prison, but also the Fleet prison, the Mar-ehalsea, tho King's Bench prison, and two others, liberating the prisoners and debtors who were immured in all. From the dark cells of old Newgate criminals emerged pale and terrified dragging the fetters from which they could not free themselves and wondering what fate was in store for them. Many of them were seized by their deliberators and carried off in triumph o i horse»; but for several of them libe ty was short lived and they were retaken by the officers of the law.
-*¦
The
A SION OF WEALTH.
Their wealth must be prodigl-
Cockney crowd was the exposure of evil-doers in the to serve its Hailey pillory. Originally designed
for the punishment of cheats, forgers, perjurers, forestall ore of markets and similar offenders, pillory soon t»erarae a place of torture for the victims of tyranny. The use of the pillory was abolished only in tho year that Queen Victoria ascended the British throne, although its use for the punishment of any crime except perjury had been forbidden several years earlier.
A mere list of the prisoners who have been detained in Newgate would open introductions to endless chapters of England's and London's history. Passing by those whose names are connected with the prison destroyed in 1780—although they include such heroes of romance as Jack Sheppard and Jonathan Wild—there have been among the inmates of the present Jail many persons famous, or infamous, in annals of crime.
« ê
$83.00 TO THE PACIFIC COAST
from Chicago via the Chicago & North-Western R'y every day during September and October. One-way eecond-clafi# tickets at very low rates from Chicago to points in Colorado, Utah, Montana, Nevada, Idaho, Oregon, Washington, California and various other points. Alsu special round-trip Homeseckers' tickets on first and third Tuesdays, August, September and October to Pacific Coast and the West. Full particulars from nearest ticket agent or addrese B. H. Bennett, 2 East King St., Toronto, Ont.
Old
ous."
"It is. They own two automobiles."
Minard’s Liniment Cures Colds etci
the
the
She—"Have you ever loved another?" Tie—"Yes, of course. Did you think I'd practice on a nice girl like you?"
Poet—"Let me tell you, sir, th a & poem cost mo a week's hard labor." Ed 1 tor—''Is that all ? If I'd had the passing of the sentence you'd have got a month."
THE CHEAP COSTUMES
which adorn windows of many mantle shops are made in this locality.
Tweeds and mantle cloths from Is 8d. per yard, form another important branch, and are made largely throughout this neighborhood.
Speaking of military and police clothes, "strength being the test," there is little room for mungo or shoddy, and even tho tender . wool caused by the Australian drought is not admissible.
A well-known Yorkshire firm replying to an enquiry on the subject
states:	“There U se much mixing LoveU, 0nt.. Aug. 26-(Hpccial)-
done nowadays to bring goods in at jjvery mw, woman and child toi such low prices, that It takes n very	6round knows Mr. C. A. Har
h.„	Co	;;*ïhr,,“Lrtn‘,,sh".r,uL'"	«
z esfflst ivrt ears s&rzstzs&s
Lord WWW**	1,1	‘“ statement hy a commission house in He was so low that no one ever
and ivt(.Naught on, wno	tho trade that 90 per cent, of wool- dreamt that he could pull through,
en goods contain cotton, and that in and yet he is alive and well to-day. 45 per cent, the proportion of cot- This is a statement of the case in ton is and, when in addition to Mr. Harries' own words this cotton, the stuff which masquer- "In 1897 I was at the point of ades under a score of aliases, such death with Bright's Disease, and as shoddy, mungo, wastes, flocks, was a complete wreck. I could not loom flyings, wool extracts, noils, oven drees myself or turn in my bed, wool stock, manufactured wool jute but now I am a well man, and J yarn, etc., etc., the wonder is not attribute it all to Dodd's Kidney that the sales of wool fall off so Pills.
largely, but that any wool is Tised I am 75 years old, and for a at all.	man of my years I feel quite strong
I thoroughly agree with his deduc- and healthy. I consider Dodd's Kid-tlon, and also in his statement that n®y W** n good medicine to take tho adulterated cloth has neither the in the Spring, a» I have found it a wear nor the warmth of honest wool- great blood purifier, on goods. Mr. Wallace continues by As a Postmaster 1 come in constating that an expert witness be- **ct with f Kroat manv people, and fore the Ways and Means Committee 1 know of my personal knowledge
wmm
lîCU!a,*S JL°T tW° most excellent „ n^d's Kidney Pills can and do cloths. The worsted panting will ^ ^right's Disease, which is the make a cloth particularly a i 'pled yery Wor|rt form Qf Kidney Trouble,
to the American taste, and it can be certainly will cure any of the made very well on a cotton-backed |efBer f0rma.
cloth and mungo filling." Again a trade journal in a .technical article says:	' The proper finishing of low-
grndo face goods requires great skill and care, as generally such goods contain a large
PERCENTAGE OF COTTON in both warp and filling, the amount of wool being only sufficient to form a face to cover the cotton, and it is seldom of the best quality."
Quoting Mr. Mulhaser, the greatest manufacturer of shoddies in the United States, Mr Wallace gives the annual consumption of shoddy in the United States at 40,000,000
pounds of wool
Stock Association of America puts the figures for 1900 as follows: (and this I presume refers to the U. S. only):	Shoddy used in 1900, 74,-
000,000 pounds, displacing 222,000,000 pounds of wool, or equal to 72 per cent of all the wool in the United States that year In other words It displaced wool in quantity to that clipped from 42,990,000 out of 61,415,000 sheep owned in the United
ÈÊMÈMË
shoddy there would have been used
THE POSTMASTER.
by the "No
iiBOffli mm cures caioei m mm
demolished with The damage was made
OLD GENTLEMAN’S NARROW ESCAPE FROM DEATH.
Doctor (who is not feeling well, to himself)—"What shall I do ? I haven't any confidence in any of those other doctors, and as for myself, my charges are too high !"
Principal—"Well, did you get that A Very Interesting Personal Ex* money, owing by Smith ?" Collec-perience Which Contains Some tor—"I’m sorry to say I did not. Good Advice for Others Whose There were a number of Smiths at Lives May Be Threatened.	that address, all of whom denied be-
ing your debtor. Une even threw in out." Principal—"That’s the one. Call on him again."
old
THE MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
the
Steps lRe t erns# mad wsrki off I Re Veld
Laxative Brome-Quinine TableU cure a cold In one la/. No Cure, lie Pay. Price 15 cents.
the laziest man on
When his
"Brown is
wife asks him to water her flowerbed, he throws a bucket of water on his Newfoundland dog, and then makes him stand In the middle of flower-bed and shake himself "
Sweeten» the brtath
“IIow so ?
9 9
Preserve# the teeth.
Strengthens the gums
The easy «ucce.se of toe rioters on this occasion thoroughly scared the authorities and the governors of the Bank of England. Measures were at once taken to prevent such triumphs of mob rule In future, and from that time dates the custom of mounting every night a company of the Foot Guards to protect the vaults and offices of the bank. Tho nightly march of thin armed guard to take up its duties in Throadneedle street Is still one of the familiar sights of the city of London.
Upon the new prison descended the evil reputation which had clung to its predecessor as a centre of wretchedness and disease. Prisoners who could control money were allowed to buy the use of a bed and some food and clothing at exorbitant prices from the jailer; but the luck of tho penniless prisoner was calamitous Indeed.
Brass Band
the
year
Mr. Drummond in mistake for Sir Robert Peel, are but a few among the men whose crimes brought them, during the nineteenth century, within Newgate's walls, from beyond which many of them never passed except to learn, In the words of one of their number, "the last grand secret."
Minard's Liniment Curts Diphtheria,
Instrumente, Drums, Uniforme. Eté.
EVERY TOWN CAR HAVE # BARD
Loweet prices ever quoted. Fine o**olog*A 600 il lustrât lone, mailed free. W rite us for aap thing In llwsle er Neeles: lestreme .t'.
A showman to the jungle went And caught a fierce young gnu.
Said he, "I’ll teach him to perform And sell him to the Zoo."
Lifebuoy Soap-disinfectant — f# grongly recommended by the méditai profession as a safeguard against fcifectious diseases.
WHALE! BOYCE 6 CO., Limited.
Torosl#, Ont and Winnipeg, Mam
YOUR OVERCOATS
BABY’S OWN TABLETS
Cure All the Ills of Little Babies and Big Children.
This medicine is good for all children, from the feeblest infant, whose life iveems to hang on a thread, to the sturdy boy whose digestive apparatus occasionally gets out of order. There is no stomach or bowel trouble that Baby's Own Tablets will not speedily relieve and promptly cure, and do it In a natural way, an the medicine is guaranteed to contain no opiate or harmful drug Experienced mothers everywhere praise Baby’s Own Tablets above all medicines. Mm James A. Wilson, Wyoming, Ont., says "I have used Baby's Own Tablet* for both my children, and consider them indispenslble in any home where there are young children. One of my children was very fretful, and 1 always found the Tablets comforting, and n splendid regulator ol the stomach and bowels. I think the Tablets have been the means ol promoting many a sound? night’s rest for both myself and children.”
Children take these Tablets a# readily as candy, and crushed to a powder, they can be given with absolute safety to the youngest, weakest Infant. You can get the Tablets from any dealer in medicine or post paid at 25 cents a box, by writing the Dr. Williams Medici no Co., Brockville, Ont., or Schenectady, NY.
“Don’t talk of 'forlorn hope, Mr.
I have refused
BRITISH AMERICAN DYEIMO DC.
I
Bashleigh, because
There must be other girls in _
mind.T;,re° C ! g~3S2535
were the 'for- «m. *ia him aw*, inr»***
¦0 HUMUS MSSttK
fl
you. your
happy !” asked them I. You lorn hope' !”
for khal :jfl#**&%Me4W*e*$.Mfl Ci. IUfS, »lf*f 1T yrs ; Csssl* See if
W.H
HERDED LIKE ANIMALS
half-clad and half-starved, the poor wretches existed in misery until, as was often the case, the deadly jail fever ended their sufferings. Indeed, condemnation to a long term of imprisonment in Newgate jail was & death sentence, compared with which that of committal to the gallows was merciful. In the ravages of the fever the innocent victim of an enemy’s
power was often brought to alongside the vilest criminal which tho city sheltered. The disease was a leveller of ajll human distinctions.
Lord George Gordon, while undergoing sentence for the treason which culminated in the destruction of the old prison, died in the new one from jail fever. Not many years before a jail delivery spread the disease from the prisoners to the court before whom they were tried, and the Lord Mayor, two judge» who sat beside him on the henen, and sixty other persons took the infection and died.
In Newgate John Howard and Mrs Fry spent some of their most earnest labors timid scenes which Goldsmith In his "Vicar of Wakefield," described with as much vividness as gard for a iSS of decency In hie renders allowed. The efforts of these philanthropists were only partially am! tardily rewarded
Not until 1858 was
Dominion Line Steamships
““"«AiMUST * “*
pool
town
of water
jtamp aacir .TKZSg
t# of porno#* W&4 oil portieulore, &#ply to so# esoil the Company,or
A reasonable allowance
town is 80 gallons per head of
for a
population daily, for all purposes Italy spends 43 per cent, of revenue on the interest of ber 1 tional debt Britain spends nearly 35 per cent.

of the
D.T
SO
nn-
infumously employed
death
Wood * Photo. Ewcravhk^
^ J. I JONES EnG.C?
”160 BAV MRWT-IOWNIO
1
iv—“If you please, it’s past me dinner hour, an' I’m orful
hungry.^JJgpgl*Ë*JÉ|M**|
Haven’t you been stamps and circulars all the morning, and	now—why, I declare, 1
never saw such an appetitle in my life."
Office Bo
\
I bought a horse with a supposedly incurable ringbone for $30.00, cured him with $1 00 worth of MINARD'S LINIMENT. ami sold him In four months for $85.00. Profit on Liniment, $54.00
MOÏSE DEROSCE, ' Hotel Keeper.
St. Phillip’s. Que. Nov. 1st, 1901.
Head Clerk—"Wh-a-a-t !
lickin’ postage-
If you are trying to save money we can be of assistance to you and shall be glad of an opportunity of showing you in what way. Meantime let us emphasize the feeling of security our depositors have-
Minard's Liniment Cures Distemper
$100 Reward, $100-
ssaasysf
ESS®
smne W,
¦flarrraftr.
«¦ftp-
displacing 120,000,000 The National Life
If I thought I was going to become grey, I should die," exclaimed Miss Proudfit And when her hair turned grey, she did dye, sure en-
• i
Oh, what a pleasant world (would
bellow smoothly we’d slip through
fools who "mean no Could manage not to do It !
THE
(Inada permancit
X *-D western CANADA Moutoaoe Corporation,
TORONTO ST.,
it.
the structural H M Wt arrangement of the interior remodel-	,n
led, although, in spite of the removal of the worst evils of the "bey-nouse gaol, " It remained notorious ly meonveni and unsuitable
Nnw for several year» much as for any other reason
It
pornry Incarceration of prisoners pathy.” await mq trial In the adjoining Old man,
Fer Brr» aitSy leers.
I It. — Mn
**££3Si
rw
TORONTO
rê’smsiL'TSLrtsS
xarcee
n
ike
I
# I
____"Fact is," said the one man,
for married because I was lonely,
To
its
it has been used only lor the
WPO HU
tersely. I married for sym-“Well,” said tho other you have mine.”
Therefore but for this
Hold b
mil#


###PAGE###8###



\
OUR AIM
SON’S ADVT.
0
E. HODCINS
«
HOLD UP
?	Has always been to give satisfaction to
?	to our customers. We have succeeded
?	and the secret of our success has been
Ladies’ Fall Hats
a minute ami rvail this. If your clothe» are beginning to approach a condition of Innocuous desuetude, which will make it necessary to discard them. We want your patronage «-not for one time only, but permanently. If we can get the former we are certain to secure the latter. Why f Our stock Is so large we will have the kind you want. By selling so many Suits It enables us to sell so cheap. Our (It and workmanship are all right.
Good Reliable Goods
At Lowest • Possible Prices.
The Shawville Boot and Shoe Store.
M. STEWART
Main Street, Shawville.
Large Brims, Camel's Hair Effects, Newest Shaded, Latest New York Styles.





Ladies’ Ready-made Suits
$5.00
In Heavy Grey Cloths at
> *
A. R. McCUIRE,

Fall Suitings
!

The Tailor.

We have now in stock the latest and most serviceable Goods for Ladies’ Fall Suits and
Heavy all-wool Cloths, 54 inches
Skirts.
wide, in plain colors, at 75 cents ; a1 so plain Twill Costume Cloth, in black, navy, brown,
THE FAVORITE t W. WILSON & GO


¦J

COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
fawn, etc., at 65 cents per yard.
GENERAL MERCHANTS,
SHAWVILLE,

MAIN STREET

O
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND

New Goods, Just In.

AT

STAPLE DRY GOODS COTTONS, FLANNELS,
LININGS, DRESS GOODS,
LADIES’ $1 UNDERSKIRTS,
LADIES’ OUTER SKIRTS,
MEN’S FURNISHINGS,
WOOL FLEECED UNDERWEAR. SHIRTS, COLLARS, TIES.
WAIHMAN’S.
>

Taffeta Ribbons, Velvet Ribbons, plain and satin-backed, all widths.
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.

E. HODCINS & SON.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.

Groceries and Canned Goods
A full iirçe of Stove Furnishings,
P. S.—Twelve pairs of our $1.25 Shoes left, sizes 2i and 3, only 50 cents.
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
Everything Fresh.	Spices full strength.
Stock constantly renewed.
G. E. WAINMAN, SHAWVILLE.
P. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
About 1st September 1st we will have one of the finest
Stocks of Ready-made Clothing
before a Shawville public. The stock will be a supurb specimen of high-class Clothing. Quality will always be found higher than prices.
ever laid
The Management of the Farm. | farmer ought not to ask his eons to do
what no reasonable man would expect his hired men to do. Many a good boy has been driven from home by that sort of treatment.
Then again it is a matter of the first im-
farm labor. There are various cause? j ance that the men serving shall be well __	__	__	n_ A r# a	® J j i j
which tend to bring about this state of 1 treated. Their houses if not large should P. S.—Try tll8 D. & A. vOTS6u	TBCOglHZBCl 168X161*
things, and perhaps none more so than the at least be made comfortable. The gar-	lorHoc nf f nafn
unreasonableness of employers. Social- dens attached shru'd be large enough to cUHOIlgSu ltiUlcb U1 UttoLü.
ists tell us that the world could produce ' enable them to grow vegetables for their
enough for its needs if every man worked own use, but not so large as to tike up	,	_ _ ..	,	, ..	. . W.	.
but half the number of hours that is now j too much of their time, and if a few ap-	Complex Relationship.	father-in-law a brother-in-law because his
considered a working day; but unfortu- pies and small fruits can be grown on	---- .	present w.fe is the sister of h,s father-in-
nately on our Canadim farms it seems the ground, they would be more appreci- the tangle made by two families aw a ire wife, ne is ».» -	.1 Mep-non-
necessary for the farmer and his men to ated than by those who can afford to buy straightened ovt by a lawyer in- aw because e is the husband of hia put in each day a solid day’s work all the !	them.	A cow is almost	a neceesity to a	,	,	,	.,	Mp-rao her-m- aw, and for the lame
year round, and even then it ia difficult 1	family	on the farm, and	an arrangement	Nashville has a lawyer,	who besides	weson he is his own step-father-in-.aw.
to hold one s own among the keen com j	should	be made to have	it pastured, but	being a good lawyer has a	penchant for	e 18 llkew,ee a brother-in aw to his dead
petition. In these days when the rela |	on no account to have it	wintered by the ' hunting up and solving iutrica v problems	mother-.r.-law, and also a step-son in-law
lions between capital and labor have j farmer. It is too severe a trial of human 1 genealogy. He said the other day that o m present wife, become so tense that a little extra strain | nature to allow a hired man to feed hie j he had read most of those problems which	——
at any time may bring about the most sen j cow from his employers meal box, and is j annually make the rounds of the prase, ous results, it is a matter of no email im- j alm< st sure to c u 0 trouble.	! but some months ago he accidentally ran
portance for farmers to consider whether The faculty of getting on well with hired j QPon one of the most difficult cates of	...... .
something more cannot be done to put men i n the farm is well woxth cultivât- (hi* class right here in Nasbvil.e, iu the « e iv.es a-e glowing with the bright the labor question as it affects the farm, ing. My own experience leads me t* Valentine and Stinnett families, clients JT* ow	, 116 wl*“ mustard, and
on a better basis.	, know that if you engage good men, there I °f his. After mauy hours of hardl work , 1 cer ii’i.-y <>"ka as if none of our
In an ideal condition of affrirs the em is little trouble in keeping them, if we, the lawyer solved, to hit own satisfaction farmers do not work their broad acres ployer would never ask or expect hie as employers do our part.	It is our duty	j the family relationship, and he furnished	*drJ	7 shea	tmy allow this apgres-
meu to do more woik than was right or to try and make them as	comfortable as	!» reporter with the solution as follows:	J1™,81!,	IT1"!! Ue..	W€ ^ to gsm such a
reasonable, and when hiring would in all	circumstances will permit. If we do so	| "Henry Valentine married Martha	[j*01,	* "erbaps they do not know that
cases be ready and willing to give a fair !	we may expect faithful service, and from	I Noble, They had five children, one of • 0	antidote fur the pest has
and just remuneration for services to be	goed men we will gdttt. Let the rules be	wh »m, Cora, married James Stinnett, and j ®en rk *,tfl g • i results : Both the
peiformed, and would endeavor to carry j	strictly laid down and adhered to, and on	i they had seven children. Henry X alen- em,s	11,1 ) I Rn,s a‘ 1)6 vxper:mei»tal
out a system of farming that would give !	no consideration keep a man after his	tine first wife died a number of years	®rm	' awa are agreed that the
employment to his men in the slack part	time is out, if he has at times given a	*go, and he soon thereafter married her	* re”c“	me hor °f ei vneat ng win! mue-
of the year. The employed also would | word of impertinence.	sister Fannie	Noble, and	they	had	si*	staid by spraying 11 fee ted growing crops
not take undue advantage of the emp’oy-1 However owing to the	conditions in j children	born	to	them.	with so utions of copper sulpha'e is the
er because of a temporary scarcity of which most farmers are plicsd, the larger "About three years ego Henry Va’en-	?et 'r,ed' The conclusion
labor; would never shirk his work, but number of farm hands are unmarried men tine died, leaving his second wife and two arrived a. alter many experiments, is that would be faithful in doing his duty ; who are boarded in the house, and this is sets of children. About one year ago I copp-1 s :.phate diso.vcd 111 fifty ga l ins whether his employer were with him or I most likely the state of affiire will con- Cora Stinnett, wife of Janies Stinnet and of water to the acre, when the mua*ard not, and would in all cases be ready to j tinue for some time to come. It is a daughter of Henry Valentine, died l^v-| P RI,îd ara yi-ung, :s the most effecuve put forth an extra effort at a busy time. 1 difficult question to deal	with, as far as	ing her husband and seven children. Just j jh® 8rt*eit u regarda	the Kram crops, and
It is scarcely to be expect d however buth employer and employed are con-	one month thereafter James Stinnett	*“• most econom.cil	t > use. 1 he average
that such an Uron.an state of affairs w ill ; cernod it is a most unsatisfactory state married Fannie Valentine. James Stinnet COt* of this application is about one i.oller ever exist, while frail human nature re- largely arising frdtn the fact that in many and his wife still live together with him ! MW acre* mains as it is, but by the exercise of a lit | sections there is comparatively little work seven children, her six children by R alentie thoughtfulness and mutual forbearance, for ore half the year; and just so long as tine, and htr live step-children of X uleir- C junt de Helot, of Paris, a millionaire the relations between employerand employ- j the farmer has to look out	for new men	t n/a.	sportsman, a nested at X ancouver, B.C.,
ed may be much improve J. Ia considering every spring, and the good man finds	“They	live	in	Marks	street	and	ho	on suspicion of being M. Humbert, the
tke question of farm labor, as it effects j hlmee'f discharged at the first sign of works at the E. N, Manufacturing Co. world-famous swindler, will bring suit the operations and profits of the farm, J winter or before, it will remain so, and | Now, what relation is James Stinnett to for heavy damages for false arrest. ni<l the home li	there,	J do	1 it I his wife’s children/ Wbst relation ia Mr#.
morally and socially, it will generally be j right. The rapid extension of winter ; Stinnett to her husband's children? ^ ^ found en large farms that the emloyinent dairying during the past few yean has relation ia James Stinnett to h:s of married men boarding themselves, is done a great deal to ensure steady eni j step-cliff iren? What relation is| altogether preferable t > boarding men in j p’oyment the year round, but conditions I children to her children and t j her step-the house. Outside the question of pro- I are still unsatisfactory in many districts, j children?
fi s, there is the all-important consider- I In conclusion it may be arid that ss a 1 “tiiinnett is the stepfather of his w.fes
ation of home life,— the home life cannot	| general thing the best men are the cheap-	! eh ldren; he is also brother in-law to	/rIIHi<.<ftTi, vy
by any possibility he what home life	j est. Try and get hold of good mon, and	them bucaui) they w^re Inlf brothers and	j|PnDMRTLY 5ECUREU|
shoull be, when the farmhouse iinothing	where conditions will admit of it, have	sisters of his wife; he is also a cousin of	( Wrlte for our intcregting book»•• leveeV
bet er than a boarding house. It ie not	profitable employment the year round,	theirs by marriage became their mother	)or's Help" an-l •• Mow you arc swindled.M
too much to say that the future life of j end use them as you would like to be and his wife’s mother weie sisters : Mrs.	^ „ t iou* Sr7m p r o ï e m £ !î	w°i 11 îcUy ou
many a bright boy and girl in this country used if you were in their circumstunces. Stinnett is the stepmother of his children;	frcaour opinion a» to whether It is probably
has been a failure through too little at-	F. W. Bonsoir.	also a great-aunt, as she was a a stir tc
tention having heea paid to their yearn-	Lire Stock Commissioner. ; their grandmother. His children are conduct fully equipped offices in Mcwtreri
ing for home comforts. One of the first	______________ 1 brothers and sisters t) her children be- Uud Washington ; this qua Hftes us to prompt-
»•r.ïxm; 5. » « -, w
men, snd then do everything in reason ; ' r< "eutenant of Inland.	' they are also grandchildren because the
to make their lives comfortibîe Farmers The failure of the many Whitaker iras the wife of their grandfather. She is have no right even if they have the power I Wright flotations is said to have resulted l kewise their great aunt because the sis-to make their men work from early morn- in a total loss of (100,000.000.	ter of their grandmother. He im his wife’s
ing until after dark at night, ai d looked Two Parisians perished from exposure : husband ; her m ep son-tn law, because he at from no standpoint tut that of personal ! on Mont Blanc, and their two guides warn the son in law of her husband. She gain, it im a decided mis’ake. Incidenti- were killed while descending for assist- is hi« aunt by maniage because mhe was ally it may not be amiss to say that the I ance.	| the sister of Lis wife's mother. Ho is his

Another Gold Medal for

0 Unquestionably there is nothing connected with the business of farming which giveb us more annoyance, or which ia as difficult to get on a satisfactory basis as





n
1

(LCN30M)
The Pan American Exposition Gold Medal (the highest award) was awarded to John Labatt's Ales and Stout.
For Agency, address 3 St. Peter Street,-QUEBEC. ’
THE NEW GROCERY
A Pointer
The Mustard Weed.
-AND-
1
MEAT SHOP.
If you are engaged in any kind of business you make a mistake if you do not invest a dollar or two with
(Corner Main and Ptokanoek Sts.)

Having secured a new and fresh stock of G ROC*FRIES people can rely on getting a good article, intending buyers would do well to come and inspect stock.
We also have on hand all kinds of fresh and salt MEATS, also BACON, LARD and SAUSAGES.
A Call solicited.
our



H. A. HODCINS.
The Printer
Deer and IV|oose.
••
to show people what you are
fHESHEEË
during close season. I
Many are humanely doing so now, but more could and should do it out of kind-nvsH to those harmless and beautiful anl-mais. All that la neceshary js to drop a
line saying when and where the deer or moo At- were hunted, molested or killed and by whom, and if by mbre than one person, give the.names of all.
It is better hut not necessary, that you should give your name, unless to be paid for your trouble.
private and
doing.
WE PRINT

wife's
I,is
PATENTS
Envelopes. Letter Heads, Bill Heads, Statements, Cards, &c. at moderate cost and do the work well. Try a sample order.
you wlnh
_ N. McCUAIG, Provincial Game Warden. I • S. —Article 1403a of the Game Laws,
‘folloxvH W l0m ^ ,,uly concern, reads "	owninK. having or harbor-
s raters," ttwira
nïïJSL ?! tTVr,ar i“ld the twentieth of
_ _ lS£4Snss®aw:
The Equity. 14^tntawi^rS"ia
running at large, hunting or counting in
toeotloneA
ten
im
We

Patents procured through Marion ft Marion receive special notice without charge in over zoo newspapers distributed throughout the Dominion.
Specialty —Patent tarer# and Engineers.
MARION & MARION
Plient Experts end Solicitor#.
New York Lite B ld g. Montreal Atlantic Bldg.W ashlngton D C.
business of Manufac-

Of flees:




_ _____
	
