###PAGE###1###








—?


Xo. 4 —1 'i ii Ye a it
SIIAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUI
THURSDAY, JULY V>. 1000
$1.00 a Year lx Advance.
1
I
WANTKl) farm of lx . i n sulv, (.‘heap.
vary!")'I y ( *m ami HU m
fort li w if 1
f

( ai
MIDSUMMER
BARGAINS!
Great Clearing Sale
i
M
i i
W. A. H.hI
I
I
OTTAWA. CAN VDA

II
M
<
'!
John
i
i
I till! M
l
0? CANADA.
CAPITAL - - - $0,000,000.11,', RESERVE FUND, - 2,000,000.
Ilcntl Ollier, • Montreal*

I.7H
\V unman ami K«>Lt. jh.hhi \v fil fichnu! v«)lllllliv?.ii;livis for thu vil-11 lx i'll M aul.v in tin* room am! stead of
V'ikon un I .1. \
v\ Ih'mj (m in had expii vd.
For the 1
Fred Thomas and IF \V. liulph
(î ah dun Sim iai.. Tint Uidi« tin* MvtluxIM C’lmn h purposes holding a ganh n social i:i tin* parsonage ground Thursday evrulng n- xr, duly pith, no -i<Mi to gi »unds, in< hiding cake and Money loaned ou approved security at | cullvc, hi < n’< h c cream, extra. If
reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected.
Money transferred lo all parts of the world
SAVINGS BA NIC.
Accounts opened for amohnte of one dol lars and upwards and interest allowed.
10 A.M.ToS P.M.
10 A M TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER,
Manager
\

I
I
VI
I
I
1.1»)
1
/u
loll, an
tivttrd of liircctnrs
i
Charles Magee, E Geouub Hay, fmj.,Vice-President.
Joint Ma ¦1 - . f David .Ma<L.ahkx, li«j
, President

\
i
i
r i
y
1
miv<l
I
IlllYBOK. Jh
n>N. (
A FlUSKH. Ek<j
f Cl
ii, M
\
I
.«• Council a
Hi < ii M \riii

I
11
I
Dennis Mi hi iiy, £
IYt'iisum
s
Ornerai Manager, .. . Manager,
Aid of

nEORORBVRN 1». M. FINN1E
RESULT OF JUNE EXAMINA
TIONS.
Dram I ra • IX ONTARIO
SIIAWm.LE ItRAXCII.
VI
Lanark
Ivfwitin. Kemptv lie Meltuwa,
Alexandria, Aniprior, Avonmorc, Brn’ebrHge, Car le to n
weather Is unfavoruhie social will In* held in church basement. Suitable program will In- furnished. Gate open at (1 o'clock.
Par
hound
IVmbrokf, Hat Port age, do Hunk St . Rvnfnw ilo Rideau St. Toronto, Vunklcek Hill, Smith's Falls
IN MANITOBA:
School No. 11, Clarendon.
IV.— 1, Nellie Dunlop. Grade -1, Irene Wallace; 2, Reggie Moore; Maggie Murphy. Grade 11—1, Albert Grant; 2, Clara Dunk Wallace; 4, Toni Coughlin.
1, Walter Lett; 2, James Hamilton. Primer I, sr.—1, Walter Dunlop; 2, liar-«>M Connelly; 3, Fred Connelly; 4, Violet Coughlin. Frimer I, jr.—1, Lilly Coughlin; 2, R. Coughlin; 3, Lucy Moore.
M a iv; a h et M a< fa ULAN e. Teacher.
Ottawa,

Place,
Hawkeetmry,
III
Mr. Wm. B. Hodgins Passes
Away.
The newk of the death of Mr. Win. B.
Hodgins, received by wire from M m trial on Sunday, came as a shovk indeed to the many relatives, friends and acquaintances of that gentleman in this neighborhood. Mr. Hodgins was remov-______	ed to Montreal on the 20th ult., to be
Cuthbertson.Oraham Ac Elliott still I treated for mental trouble, from which keep on hand a full supply of under- he had been suffering for a couple of
."Ston'd 'ïïnïnZVnmpï «vvkK i,r< vi.luKly, in hones that the ape-attention and charge# moderate.	| cial attention there available would have
the desired effect upon his gravely criti-An item of interest which escaped The leal condition. But other complications Equity reporter last week was the	mar-	set in, so that instead of improvement he
riage of Mr. John Hamilton on the	2bth	gradually grew weaker, until finally an
of June t<> Miss Ebert, ot Litchfield. I attack of pneumoaia ended bia auSeringaT^*^ you'd have thought to hear them talk Specially designed for those who	are	The ceremony was performed at	the	on Saturday night. Realizing the end	<• could nt play at ail.
anxious to improve the su miner months	home of the bride's parents by Rev.	Mr	was near telegrams were sent to Shawville ; We did nt play with Peerless,
"Vît V Uurn 1! l.IV!,iil1!,Vrf‘Ü1	1	" Williams, of Thorne. The young couple during the day by the attendants, advis- | I'm sorry for to sav ;
iTev’eS fUtUre h°me m CUren^n	Z H-ÎJint’ and' h"
Typewriting, English and French and A list of the numerous presents receiv- son Master Bert, accompanied by Mr. (i. * (‘car that Peerless made their boast Hi .... othei speeinl studies... cd by the bride, handed in since the F. Hodgins, took the train for Montreal, | „ J ..	tliey would keep;
PARENTS' ATTENTION*! Ml Why !...	™	h.ld ml r.„cl,«l thro ™1,1- (m.l their	j	* ’
wiHh to enquire into business methods when the weather turned out favorable, LV* * lar«e f./ s>'",l,a!hetlc We would have lost thegame
f 5&s*«S5 bus£=:»?,; ESïïSS SSEE
" - .........................................................................................................-.....
who filled the hill very satisfactorily IV,lle cemetery
», Kddii
WiULÎJ <‘IT
Dauphin
i‘-
Portigr La Prairie
'rimer II —
We have been looking over our stock and find we have too many goods in several lines, particularly in Felt and Straw Hats, and Fine Shoes, and must clear them out
before end of season.
IN QUEBEC ;
Montreal,	Hull,
in Canada, New York and U
Office Horns . Hatvhhayh . .
Lâchât*
Agent»
Hank of Montreal.
Agente in St. Pa.il—Merchants Nut. Hank. Agents in London, Eng.—Parr*» think Lt d
ago—
UNDERTAKING
Hamilton's Bay Picnic
THERE IS NO PLEASURE SO SWEET
Come ill ye folks of Bristol And listen to my song.
If you will pay attention I won't detain you long.

As that which Is combined with Profit
Two Weeks’ Bargains !

The IWrlesh boys invited us To play a game of ball,
A SUMMER SESSION

HATS ! HATS! HATS!
Straw and Felt Hats—a large stock still on hand ; everyone reduced in price. Now is the time to secure a
bargain in head-gear.
BOOTS & SHOES !
We have a very large range of Footwear—too large for this day of the year. The quality of our goods is too well known to need another word. For next two weeks we will make prices to
please any buyer.
One 3ktui; Bovs
Hl'tt'ML RATES ion THOSE ENTERING FOR H!E Kl MMI R HkWION WILL RE ALLOWED TO ALL HERRONS WHO EN tT.R THE'.H NAM** HEW RE JULY NINTH.
Drop a Postal for full information.
The deceased Mr. Hodgins was the el The threatening aspect	weather Idest the	Esq
on Thursday evening, detracted some- of Yann, and was a gentleman highly es-1 Fully three hundred people attended what from the attendance at the Prcsby-1 teemed by all who enjoyed his acquain- the annual picnic held at the Calumet terian garden social held in Mrs. Shaw’s	tance. About two or three years ago	Slides on Dominion Day in connection
grounds on the evening of that date,	he sustained a severe shock to the system j	with the Ladies’ Guild, St. George's
confining the number who patronized the	from an accidental blow on the head,	church, Portage. $120 was realized.
—~	I event chiefly to residents of the village,	from which he never wholly recovered.	Improving the aide walks is the order
The band mustered in sufficient strength	To this injury is attributed in part the	of the day. The work being done was
to render several selections, which con-	illness which culminated in his death at 1	much needed.
sidering their want of practice, the boys the comparatively early age of 52 years. I Mr. Harold Amy, who has been visit At Ottawa, on July Is*, to Dr. and Mrs.	performed very creditably. The prepar-	To the bereaved	widow and family	The	; mg his sister, Mrs.	Reid
fi, G. Stewart, of Bristol, a daughter.	ations made by the ladies in the way of	j Equity tenders its	sincere sympathy	and	1 for the past month,	sailed from
Conley Church Sewing Machines	for	refreshments, etc., were pronounced first	condolence in the dark hour of their great	j Friday for Europe
sale at John Lester’s, Shawville.	class in every respect, while the other	affliction.	Miss	Clara Thompson left	here for Ed
features of the program were nil that The funeral was the largest witnessed I mon ton, N. VV. T., on the 6th inst., b For Organs, Pianos and Sewing Ma- could be desired.	here for a number of years past.	visit her sister. Miss Lilly Thompson
chines, see A. Howard at Pontiac H 'tise. Mr. Edmond,, head miller fur the Me :.... Mis, Crawford •• R»tt,a, House '
Wanted—A good sound work horse, ml Laren Company at Wak< Id, and Mr.	Clarendon Council.	1 is spending a week with friends in Cob
exchange for a new, first-class lumber Charles worth, of the Pembroke Milling	---
D. McRae, Shawville. j Company, have recently been here in- Town Hall, Shawville. 3rd July, 1900.
Mr. Theodore Hodgins is preparing for Npecting the Shawville Roller Mill, with ! Regular session of the Council this day. the erection of a brick residence on his a view to making comparisons between | Members present, Mr. Mayor Thomas farm property adjoining the village. Mr. die system used here —known as the
George Findley has the basement now in rating process-and that of other nulls eon, John Smiley, W. C. McDowell, W.
|iaml	they had been through, the main object i A. Hodgins and John Stewart.
£	EHEsEEE ! SSSt
. mis i i g, it Vi	making certain contemplated improve- and are hereby confirmed.—Carried.
WHEAT WANTED.—For the next ten I ments in their mills, noth gentlemen Moved by coun. Jas. Robinson, second-days the Shawville Milling Company will I |eft with the impression that the Shaw-	ed by coun. W. C. McDowell, that coun.	! Mr. Robert and Miss R-dpli,	of Claren-
^iarii standard^’heat ^ for 8°(m1 clean,	vil!e plant was the most up-to-date and	John Stewart be and is hereby instructed	J don, were the guests of Mr.	and Mrs.
complete that they had seen, and it has	to go to the 7th range in front of lot 21,	Robt. Farrell a	few days last week.
We can furnish you with photos of all	8inCe been learned from Mr. Reid, man-	and picket out the road and get procès-	Mr. and Mrs.	Geo. Caudell, and child-
possible 'rates/' ‘call ^dsee um beforv’go-	,l?er of the McLaren Company, that Mr.	verbal from J A. Telford of road pass on	run, of Ottawa, arc visiting friends in this
mg elsewhere. ' H. Imison.	Edmonds has recommended its adoption	lot 22, range 0.—Carried.	neighborhood.
Photographer,	in their mills, a fact which scores an im-	Moved by coun. John Smiley, seconded	Messrs. Rich	d Farrell and Latique
Pontiac House,	portant point in favor of our local indus-	by conn. Stewart, that this Council ac-	La fleur arrived	home last Monday, the
Hon. Mr. Daffy, Commissioner of Pub- O'?'	cept the offer of Wm. Wallace, that is, former from Lake Huron and the latter
lie Works, Quebec, passed up through	------*------ to open the side-line between lots 23 ana from Massey.
here by train to Coulonge on Monday in Teachers Engaged for Clarendon 24 • *’n thti l,th ™nKe’ frlom , th range	Miss Ann,e and Mr. W. A. Moore went
* —	|	1	SchoolA	up to the travelled road, and promise to to Shawville i uesday returning on >N ed____________________________________________ '	put the side line in as good shape as the needay.
xj %	• , w vt r> i ,,	.	, road now travelled, which sideline this Miss Lowe, teacher of No. 1 school,
4,°o’ Mi« ' Vfil i livvh !* M.ontren ' Council will ins|>ect, and if satisfact ry, I has closed for the vacation and left for
.. î ill: ajSSTSSL. *.m ""	» >»	1	- h“ ......* t
. in im. I ::	;¦	s.l'm.i,:;'""'0"6, Sl“",mr	1 t? »... u.
Father is anxious to hear of	him. Infor- ,,	7’	x«:	pa; . \v;i ' uilQl1,:ii	ed	by coun. John Smiley, that	coun. W.	i uesday.
mation gladly received at	Distributing L«	o’	M#» Tan»* v * °	A.	Hodgins he and is hereby	instructed I Mr. Jas. P. Masson, who has been run
Home, Knuwlton, Province of Quebec. ,« Misa Minni« Moti ’ £îm' n to visit the ditch at the corner of the ninga store here for Messrs. McGinn A
Th.	.7 Arnprior h., ,«»«., " U. K SSLlSB SSA	"
3### !§P=-
must prove unsatisfactory.	|	PERSONAL.	I ended by coun. W. C. McDowell, that the firm*» basil lere for the season.
Mr. Wm. Armitage, of 8t irgeon Falls. I	---- I Simon Barber be paid 65 cents f< i man I	San> Cbremonii
was in town for a day or two last week.	Miss McNaughton is visiting her bro-	to work road maker, also 70 cents fur two
leaving again for home on Sunday with	I McNaughton.	cedars ueed.—Carried,
his son Ben, who has been	suffering for . 1 he	Misses C oxford are visiting	their	Moved by coun. John Stewart,	secondai
some time from an attack of pleurisy.	I.1rs. L. Mitchell.	by coun. John Smiley, that the Ma)	, T , ,	...	.
The change of air it is hoped, will be	*'"*• Dent arrived on Thursday	evening	and Sec.-Treasurer be and are hereby in-land Mrs. Thus Leahey, of	Allumette Is-
beneficial to the young man, who fur the	tu Meume charge of the bank in the ab-	atructed ami empowered to borrow from | land, was united in marriage to Mr. Mat
paat year, excepting a short interval, has	sonce °» Ajanagvr b. A. Parker, who has	the Merchants Bank of Canada atShaw-|thew keon of Pembroke. Itev Father
been incapacitated from doing anything	gono ^ke ll,s summer vacation, at his	viUe $2,600.00, for immediate use of this j Liduc i foliated. The church was nicely
r	1 home in Gananoque and other pointa in Council. —Carried.	decorated fur the occasion. The pretty
Ontario.	Moved by coun. John Smiley, second- ; young bride, richly attired in a loyal blue
Mr. Thos. Dagg, of Thorne West,	I Rev. Mr. Barnett preached in the	ed b) coun. James Robinson, that	Miss	costume, wae gracefully aaaiaied by	her
whose poorly condition has been referred	Methodist church here on Sunday mom-	Gilchrist	lie and is hereby exempt	from	cousin, Bliss Susan Poupnre. The groom
to in these columns during the past two	ing last.	performing road labor for the year 1900. j was assisted by his brother, Mr. John Lf	j,rV',
or three months, departed this life at his	Mr. and Mrs. Thos. Wilson were call-	—Carried.	Keon. After the ceremony a dinner was	*	public notice is hereby given that the
residence in Tliorne, on Monday even- ed away suddenly on Thursday last by Moved by coun. Jas. Robinson, sec- served at the residence of the brides par-	of this municipality will meet
ing, aged 05 years. His death was due	the death of the latter's	father,	Mr.	onded by coun. John Smiley, that Coun-; enta. Liter, Mr. and Mr».	Keon, left for	with	the Council at	the Town	Hall, Shnw-
to consumption, which resulted from a	Muir, near Almonte.	cillor W. C. McDowell give out contract	Pembroke, where they will	take up their	ville,	at	ten of the clock in	the	morning	of
bad attack of lagrippe contracted early Mrs. H. H. Knox, of this place, left on of repairing one pier of Quyon bridge by ; residence. The young couple received	^ i xt bday <,
last winter. Mr. Dagg was one of the Friday to visit friends in Renfrew, Am- tender .-Carried	many valuable and useful present, show I ^idMu^Wll^%M^l^in%^t
most prominent residents of Thorne, and	prior and Pembroke, where she with her	Moved	by coun. W. A. Hodgins,	sec-	ing the high regard in which they	are I e(jare requested to take notice thereof
a gentleman highly esteemed by those	aunt, Mrs. T. C. Archer, will camp at	onded by	coun. John Stewart, that the	held by all their many friend* and	ac-	HUGHMATHESON,
wh) knew him.	I Fort William for six week..	Sec.-Treasurer collect all arrears < f taxes Jquaiotances.	1	Sec.-Treasurer
PORTAGE DU FORT
Come help us unload and secure Bargains .. you will not hear of again iq a hurry
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE
Bryson, - Que.
¦ ¦
LOCAL NEWS.
J. H. SHAW
Edgewood, Montreal
den
Snaps in
The Misses Uhessa and Katie Toner, are visiting their sister Mrs. Davis, Coulonge.
Mr. A. J. Brabazon, Ottawa, spent Sunday in Portage.
Miss N. White, is in Ottawa the guest of her sister, Mrs. Gaudry.
wagon
McFarlano; Councillors, James Robin
»
IAN0S
Com
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
going fast !
We have the following BARGAINS only now
. remaining : .. ..
One only Hood Square Piano, rosewood case
One Gilbert Piano
One Dominion Square Piano, rosewood case, carved legs, in splendid condition
The above all on three years payments.
• e
$ 75.
company with Hon. Geo. Bryson. He visited the Government buildings at Bryson on Tuesday.
• •
• •
150.
# #
Wanted to Know—whereabouts of
He came
Buckingham.
Mr. tV. 0. Seaman went to Shawville
Joseph Row», aged about 14 j from Birkenhead, England
150.
Abbott, of Knzubazua, left here on Saturday for K&zubazua, having closed up
For further particulars see
Mr. J. IÎ. Horner, .. Shawville,
who is our .authorized representative for the Counties of Pontiac and Ottawa.
a

D. W. KARN COMPANY, L t d,
At Chapeau, Wednesday, June 27th Miss Mary Ann, third daughter of Mr

197 SPARKS STREET, OTTAWA.
v

by sickness.
Public Notice
Stray Pigs.
I
Strayed on to the premises of the undersigned about the 30th of June, two white pigs, two or three months old. The owner is requested to pay expense incun ed and remove the same at once.

W. J. HORNER.
Lot 20, Range ô, Clarendon,

###PAGE###2###













XLWAY5 A WINNER
NOT TIIT5 ONLY CASH
Diggs—Why, w hat ou un s your lit-tie buy to cry mo I
Dlggml—t the result of bis absence of mind.
Diggs—Absence of mind f How is
t! L)l;ggs—Will, y.,u See he didn’t mind | CiCYLON riE A. hae the ropaUUon of bel^the mee^regwlYjsjiaU^
what him mother told him, so I had to punish him.
was found that thome fed on corn meal a loue .showed the least loss in drem ming, less than 23 per cent corn meal mixed with separated milk the lu*s was s fraction over 23 per ce n t
showed a
per cent, and thoxe fed on barley meal John M Harris, of the firm of C. mixed with bran almost 2b per cent.
A T. Harris & Co., and chairman of
SOMBTMIINO QUITE NEW—
S¥
J On the Farm.

LUDELLÂ
Xi
On
t
Vhnse fed un barley meal alone loss of a little over 26 12
BREEDING, FEED AND CARE OF
THE lUOON 1100.
CEYLON GREEN TEA
r
t
Same flavor a# Japan, only more delicious
in the matLr of quality it was Sbv Clane, Eng., Pig Feeding Ex- found that the best bacon was pro-peiimvnts Committee, has an inter- duced from hogs fed on barley meal •sting article In the lust Issue of ami bran; barley meal and separated
8UOC609
You ought to hear a few of the testf monial» that come to ue in this paint butine»». The right paint b quickly held up and makes Its way.
Some
Testimonials
In busfnens com»1 a when thorough (satisfaction is given t ho public Thai a why Nervlline »«* 11m bo rapidly. Toolh* auhe is cured sa if by mngio. Pain, internal or external, finds a prompt . m idote in Ne i villne
j
INDIA'S STARNINO EOPLPE.
thv Journal of the British Dairy milk came mat, barley meal third, Farmers' Association ou the profit- barley nival, milk and potatoes fourth, able production of the lean hog corn meal and bean meal sixth, corn
mod I
A Hi I«1 ride re» of il»«* tfuffVrlua In ihr
Knmlnv ItUtrtrts.
RAMSAY'S
PAINTS
f
l'ry it
Every now and then In some news-and separated milk seventh, pa pet ,r magasine, little known to the For some years past, says Mr. corn meal alone eighth and corn meal gvneial public, one comes across paas-Barris, bis firm hive been trying to amt pea meal ninth. Excess of fat ^ge-t which bring vividly before the when he bark* at people he wags his find the l>e*t breed of pig for the was, the report proceeds, the general mind the almost indescribable horrors tail, class of bacon in request. First it failing iu corn tea hog , but this w is of thv Indian famine. Here are some tried Tams, both pure with Berks
baron
A False Front —l'a, our new dog is awful deceitful

x
How, Tommy# Why
ere held high because their color I» true, easy to work, cover better than lead, wear like leather, protect the house and make it bright. The price just right. A»k your dealer.
PUTNAM’S COHN EXTRACTOR
ami crossed lc>a pronounced in pigs which h id been passages from an article in the Indiirn These, he said, carried fed on a mixture of corn with I Magaiine written by A s large quantity	of lean,	but	took	either separated milk,	bran,	hau	describing what	ha saw recently	in	an
* l«‘ng time to	fatten,	and	were	uitwil or pea meal. All	things	con- jout-of-the-way part of India,
often coarse and	hard of	skin.	Ihe	side red, .barley forms,	says	Mr
Heiks pure were next	tried,	and	Harris, a rather more valuable	sta-	at their breasts	vainly striving	to I nor
were found good, but too much inclin-	Pje food for pigs intended for lean	draw a Ft t e	nourishment, surrounded
ed to thickness In the shoulders, and bacon than does corn, although
In cross-bred ones there was a thin-	the price of the former is consider-	had no food (or two days, and	have no
ne>s in the belly, or streaky parts, a	ably in exigwsa of that of thv latter	milk left for	my child; Saheb,	1 have
serious defect lu a side of bacon,	corn may be more economical es-
Then large white Yorks were tried. Racially if used
Rogers and Is the best remedy for corns extant.
It acts quickly, makes no more spots and effects n radical cure. A (hundred imitation» prove us value take Number# of •women, with children neither substitutes offered as good
ijie close imitations of the genuine too often offered.


Ksfn INt
i
&
i
(
MONTREAL
i
as me with such cries as: 'Subeb, I have
A Raton Bunco—Uncle Golawan —
By gum, Mandyl Ef 1 wua the manager o' this show I'd dock th wages
no food for myself; bow «in I produce I 0. that (b.,p thir th.>t's wavin' tli ¦	oonjuuciion j nourishment for my atsnriag ehUdl* flute for ;	he hain’t
In these, mays Mr. Barrie, either pure	with a ouneiderable pivportion of	Children, with a	blank look of etupe-
or Grossed with Berks, were found	food» lick in albumenoida, aucb as	faction through	actual hunger, mat
what the pig curera require. They	separated milk. Milk is, he says,	sat naked on the	ground, and helped	FOR OVER FIFTY VBARS Oerbeiie Dielnfeotsnte.	•
fet ii well, mature quickly, are very j by far the must valuable addition that each other in searching for and scrap.	motberWorth*?5eidr»n teethini n§oo hei I ^^rdsnSTorsdab and d$lomss tor laptSer
prolific, not thick In shoulder or too cum be made to either baric) or corn ing up gra*s seed from the dry sand, I	u^fiTSS^^oSST*£"1*bottil. •,re,Jfn7
thick in thv back, are thin in the meal, fur it is unique in its ; tower of .saw one boy, not 8 years old, who was JjÿjàNrl îf^w,* ^iïïloeîàiïï^ïrua" **	topply" UM* mailed freeee »rpllc»Moe.
skin and yield a side which is thick accelerating the weekly increase. A* thv sole provider for himself and two *"	_____ " ]	f, C. CALVF.RT A CO.,
in^the belly, or streaky part.	compared with other aupp ementury younger ones. The riba of all could	PFSBONSIBI.E BX.MSKL	MANOMiSTlR • • 1WOLANB.
Harris also liters 5ii ini’s *oatbJ lt improves the quality of tlie tv distinctly traced un their bodies,	_	j	m
article to experiments carried on in meal more than any other, with the while their legs and arms were like Uoine into th» g,ml<n : 1111 •	K % i /k	>4 AA il
feeding for bacon, in these expori- exception of bran. With corn meal it dried-up piece# of stick. Une blind Y mi coaxed me to plant t uw a«» « s,	| /T % jj g/g¦
ment# barley meal, corn meal, barley ** mure potent fur good than with man, teir.oiy emaciated, was led to my And unless you would I'"" 1	JgjP I W v
meal and bran mixed In proportion of barley meal. Thv addition of pota- tent every day by a stick held by a	tight fraud,
two to one, corn meal an 1 bran mixed toos' three or four pound^So a pig naked little girl of about l years of ou d better help pull these w- eiH
in thv same proportion, corn meal ami day, to a diet of barley meal and age. Another, a miserable old wo. p<Mi meal 1u the proportion of three ] milk greatly improves the ration to one, corn meal and bean meal in the «aime proportion,
made of barky meal, a gallon of separ- ] brtvd
* ted milk and three pounds of po- from tho-v crossed with pure Be: ks tatoes were all tried
*
W P C 1031
» note on it tb* hull afternoon
CALVERTS
»», oist
Mr


ln«lrunirnl.i, Drum*. Uniform*, Etc
Every Town can have a Band
Lowwt prices ever auotf J Pme a*t»|.-gue 600 Ilia» mutual mailed lre«- Writ* ar fur tnjthlfeg In
Music or Musical Instruments.
ToroiiU», Out, Bed
Winnipeg, Mse
MONTRIAL HOTEL DIRECTORY
man, with her gray hair floating in
The conclusions arrived at by Mr. 1 be wind, and with no clothing but a	H BfllfTIOrRl,'1 FfSO BUS
nnd a ration Harris are thu bacon hogs should bo liou doth °f ra«s. wilb 1**r bones al-	- nwiist~~Mo(iiii-Coin.
or most protruding through her skin, AVENUE HOUSE r»m|tf Haul rstw nr*
came and stood before the tent in a
dazed stale, and could not undeistund
Valuable Book Free
Am Plso
•1 WA up
Whaley Royce & Co.,
Dr. Nammemd-Malfe Sreat Seek
from large w lute Toiki
mm# wiilie. Mine • Melee
LAW 2®*®^
----------------____klI1'_____________
ST. JAMES' HOTEL-.;:n!U£TrL^
I. ulway. f	lessCorrmerelel Mease Modern im
VS hut 1 said to her in her own luu- pr.>t#iu.-.te-IUlee modrrste
“MOTHERHOOD”
In the bar- that pigs should U* fattened in dry,
, in warm, well ventilated building* placed gallon of separated if pusaib e in a sheltered, sunny poai-milk was added to the meal.	tivn fur fattening; the meal should be	‘“to her hand, und^ looking up
lit < my eyes threw her arms round my
neck, and with her head leaning on summer ?
sto.
ley and corn meal experiments
Handsome edition, library style, bound Im oloth, halfdene engravings* Interesting and iuetmtlre, •ukhota which every married wemnn, and those centomjileting marriage, eheald knew.
FOR SALE.
gauge, l>ut snw u Mnall silver coin I
•ome ruses
a
MATVR4L HK\ |N< CHAT K 100 ECO HATCH 11 KK .nu uu.> W plis ef . •niât tuition $1
? Vh KKhS, 1’algaty, Alberts.
ALMOST AS 1’LKASl lx MILE
Nmv for the
Jed. did you get a new wheel 1 hi<
resuits. It
found that barley meal gave
was snaked in cold water; bureiv me
JORONTO CUTTING SCHOOL **-r. aptoial Sdrsn
t 'k * vo m l Jf 3iru i* >f » <j urmg a thorough know, i
ball-bearing	..|
a great- sh< uld be the staple fix d, suppléait nt ter weekly increase than corn meal, el a» fir as possible with fresh separ- m>’ chest *ul,bt'd alcmd. either when used alone or used in con junction with other foods
but we've got n
N<
1 had to shut my tent doors down laxvn mower that my wife can run to prevent them really mobbling me in	_____
a tod <k.in or buttermilk at the rate
Oe laby, Wbsl le was rstuâi ef XmirlBM » reliure T
ITS
1‘!,
Catholic Prayer '\r,T£'XX.
H- il>ue Tici ree. SUtutry. su l t'hurvh Orum iienis E lao.lluomi VVuri. Msil or Irn r*eO# prompt slime,
D. A J. |ADLILN â 10., Montreal
The nddi- u( one gil
par pig per day, :
tion of milk to either corn or barley er with three or four pounds of boiled their ll«sPslir* uljd* if 1 Put m>' hand Beware of Ointments for Catarrh
out to drop a coin into some-'bne’s
Per
%
nt
meal added considerably to the weekly potatoes.
gain
that contain Mercury.
mw	ESSGnESSE j § m! " ®
Hnr.es often have what is called the had to ever, hand I put .ome-	in»! &.*“ «iïï V'J
can possibly derive from them. Hal-Catarrh "*'"**'? KuinteehrolibeU f r w-Tfceomaleteof toi
aiawrisl.iti i. rd to su» vmi u/ ihsoauatry raoo# IM# û. UOTHlIâ JüNl, Adelaide* WiUmmrStr,Termets,
Uoo
1$
When the hugs were killed it
to
f:

run Not Xecewary. The
Many Tbinee leikets it a Remédie# kb
Recipes.
SHYING HORMIS
tes
AN OPEN LETTER
We are giving » limited number of this five ilitiling boek FREE on receipt of 10 cenle te cover mailing u Bend at once if you desire eue. Q
vice of .shying—tli it is, of starting thing into for fear thv money should
,	.	.	.	i .	,	•	..	,	., Cure, manufactured by r.J. Cheuex & i o.To
suddenly at thv rustle of a leaf or a be snatched out of it by another ledo. o.. cm tain* no meromy. and U taUe In
piece of paper or u-t the approach of starving wretch, as frequently hap
TO ALL SUFFERERS FROM ANAEMIA any object to which they are not uo- I**u<?tL
AND KINDRED TROUBLES
l
1er nail/, acting dir ectly upon the blood .ind mucous serf .teen of the system. In buying Hall'» Catarrh ( ure be nure you get the gnim-Aud yet thv patience of the poor *ne. It 1» taken internal y.and made Is Toledo,
Ohio, by F. J. Cheney Sc Co. Testimonial* free.
Sold by DriiKgi»t«, price 75c per Hall e Family Tille arc the beet.
Dyeing ! Cleaning I
,nr »ht Irry b«it lead your wvrk to the
“BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO."
Lo« k (or a*«oi lu your town, or seed direel
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec.
custonied. liant of an
C.early th.s is the rem-.U'tinct inherited from
\
people was wonderful.
id ua I y giving a w ay money t h« y their wild progenitors in the steppes would sit silent for hours looking pite-or prairies, wheie the sudden rustling 0USTV at the tent to see if 1 showed
of H wolf and where everything that ward, was strange was therefore suspici
When I was
Ml
ITI
M
Mr. Wm. Wll«oa, of ftarnt*. THU lltnt II» Kegalnvd II»*l h After an ||||fM „l Over T»o Pant.
bottle.
TORONTO, CANADA
FURS. FURS.
STRATEGY
Mr. William Wilson, who Is well known to the citizens of Sarnia, Ont., writes ; "It affords me much pleasure to be able to add my testimony to th. great benefit that 1 have derived from your famous Dr. Williams’ Pink a horse for shying
50 you use
SHOE
DRESSIN61
Ye.*, I encourage my typewriter \o edit w gum.
u Importer and exporter of _ Raw Kure end Skim. Con V elgnments solicited. High-
•it prices paid for gtnaiig.
H. JOHNSON,
404 St. Paul street, Montreal*
“The weather was bitterly cold in the mornings, and they aat in the cold wind ."hivering with their naked bodies It is idle as well as cruel to beat till the sun warmed them. May 1 be
That only in- preserved from seeing such scenes of Cau\ talk
misery again!”	j
OILS
Win do you do that ?
It tiros her jaws so much that she
?
1
' i
m
ItYOtlVMU
ontssiNc
TUT Will ,
Pills. It is now a little more than creases his ai arm and may easily re-two years since I bee a me afflicted duce him to th<* state of terror in with anaemia.	During that time I which he loses his head entirely,
have received	almost continuous Horses ia that state seem to lose not
treatment from medical men of the only their heads, but their perceptive highest rank in their profession, yet senses, and a horse in that condition apparently deriving no benefit. In- may dash headlong against a stone j deed I continued to grow worse until wall. The h.ibit of shying when once I I became unable to walk. I came to formed is difficult to cure, but it may I the conclusion that I was deriving no almost always 1* prevented by such j benefit from the treatment and de- consistent kindness of treatment as to , I sided to give it up. It then was the overpower the inherited in>tinct of j Question, what shall I try? Having j instant flight from possible danger in I read the testimony of so many who which the habit originates.	|
had suffered in a similar manner and who hid received great benefit from four Dr. Williams' Pink Pills, 1 decided to give them a fair trial.
' It is now about three months since I commenced to take your pills and to-day I feel almost completely re-Itored. Two weeks after I l>egau to take the pills I felt a decided improvement. ihree months ago when I b. gan to take your pills my flesh looked like wax, and my face, feet and legs were badly swollen. 0These conditions have all disappeared and to-day my color is natural and my blood vessels full of good rich blod. It will afford me pleasure to recommend Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills to any one suffering from anaemia or kindred Ailments."
Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills are praised unongst the highest in the land, as a strengthening and tonic medicine,
for men women or children. wben „ a ture ahows their need
They are not hke other medteinea. of-	They will not .at and
nor can they be imitated, as is ,	.
...	,	.	... lie down as n cow does, and some of
som* nes dishonestly prêt nded by
dealers who offer substitutes See that the package bears the full name,
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills for Pale l People, and in case of doubt send direct to Dr. Williams’ Medicine Co.,
Brockville. Ont., who will supply the pills post paid at 50c. per box or |2.50 for six boxes. These pills cure all disorders which arise from impoverished blood, such as muscular weakness, loss of appetite, shortness of breath, pains in the back, nervous headache, early decay, all forms of female weakness, hysteria, paralysis, locomotor ataxia, rheumatism and •cis ties.
EASTERN T8WN1HIP NUNSIRV.
T, tr“ 4 ,1 ,4r‘B(,re de* 'Inn to nr Hiurc FRUIT
'Hr,M,!-i':?a*v.THf"ILM .ns,-
on*, nt re nr«t <, i < tre * ttr 114 «11J vigoroue, *ud well h - tU IfV 4 f lh* e,,;«Mtr) » an extremely
,, 5V* °" ,ru ' ,r'	etc . men' on receipt
g{ U«r,Bc«il|,!NL'K>«ni,
POULTRY, BUTTER, ECCI, APPLES,
•pd other PRODUVK. to enaure beat results oonsifn te
The Dawson Commission Co., Lin^ited,
0#r. West-Market â Oil borne St, Toron te,
gr nr? m itam .
SOFT AND PLIABLE
tA r e-X.	WV#
V
Woman’s
W/eakness



PflCMRDS
6 8 10 ADELAIDE MW TORONÏgp
m
UlMI

ONE TRIAL WILLCONVINCt TOO ÔMI5 »l)P£RI0R MfRITS
I	it
A woman’s reproductive organs are in the most intense and continuous sympathy with her kidneys. Theslighteet disorderinthe kidneys brings about a corresponding disease in the reproductive organs. Dodd s Kiflney Fills, by restoring the kidney# to their perfect condition, prevent and cure those fearful disorders peculiar to women. Fa le young girls, worn-out mothers, suffering wives and women entering upon the Change of Li le, your best friend is
• X
X X


*

GOLD DOLLARS
FREE ™ BABIES
CARE OF SHEEP
There are two thing' that the êh ep need as much as any animal on the farm
need exercise be so built that snows so that the sheep cannot take their daily run in the field the windows or upper half doors can be opened to allow the fre'h air to enter freely. If they hive not been shorn they will not feel the cold, and only those who j grow winter lambs shear in the fall. | But whenever ihe weather is suitable they should have a run out in the field, nut a yard bare of grass and filled with mud and manure, but in an
They need freh air and they The slieep -bed should when it rains or
The Handsomest Baby Gets The Handsomest Prize.
ALL JUDCfcD FROM PHOTOGRAPHS ONLY.
To Interest Canadian mothers la a standard
X X
preiiaration throughout the world
THE BRITISH CHEMISTS COMPANY
PROPRIETORS OF
Dodd’s
Kidney
English Teething Syrup
ARB eOlNO TO eivt, WITHOUT COST 11 ART WAY

• X



Pills
• X
PPpsEl
of the next 10 prettiest babies. A ONE DOLLAR COLD PIECE	^
uS.enbf	ea‘h °* thkr next 40 Prettiest babies, while to every mother sending her
„ swsse b
\
TT~l
CARRYING OUT THE BOYCOTT
IDEA.
open field
Even in a damp day they
The union hbor leader took the $5
may be cut for a short time, but not long enough to get their wool wet bill and examined it critically. Then
The uneasiness of sheep he handed it b ck and ."hock his h ad
1 can’t accept it, he said.
Why nut i You've earned it, piotest-ed the other.
True, replied the labor man, but I cannot find a union label on it anywhere.
through
?
; x
the smaller breeds are almost as ready to jump on a wall for the fun of jumping as goats are.
4-
4*
Jjj AhUAs ^	** CUfy
X X
4-
BRITISH CHEMISTS COMPANY, D.pt
r j /n*My
Address,
X X
“• »i=t=n. TORONTO, CANADA. .
4.
@ wwMm




###PAGE###3###


learcfl and lettuce chopped fine. They j got through ho put the p will eat greedily. Give m lk tu drink | in his pocket and picked up tee lump and always keep a supply of freah water In a shallow diah covered mo ! hat they cannot get their bodies wet in It. Don't overfeed them often, but little at a time, andecatei cracked wheat (or the fiist two weeks After that whole wheat will do. Keep a supply of email, sharp gravel and ground bone.
After the first few days, let them travel during the day at will tuikey hen will protect them from plotting atoima But see them horn»-at night, and keep th**rn in till the d$w Is off the gross, Do not put them in a close building; they want plenty of, fresh ufr, and without it will eoon
Watch for lice
to thf‘ hack of he head aodgieck and is hard to find
U back
In#, washed and dried. Atlr gradually into the oake baiter. Pour the mixture bite a large, well-buttered tin pan, cover over and eet in a warm place for five or six hours to dry. liake in a m Ml&iate oven when quite light.
WAWWWWWWmV	Hi*.
N'Mcb and Comments.
i nd we got to work again.
“Welt, we went through the house iftur that and g < thnfrd up v\bft' tb re was there that wae worth carrying off and went away and never thought nothing more about It, or 1 never did, anyway, for years afterward—II must hive b+^n fifteen years at least —and then Bill told me the outcome
Agricultural!
HOUSEHOLD.
Recent events In France indicate
I hat despite the truce tacitly agreed upon during the term of the imposition by the Jarring political faction#,
the republic will be lucky if the «urn- Give the children mer pusses without serious disiur- garden spot. Let this be of as good To twgiu with, in the muuiol- ground us any in the garden, and urn
favorably situated. Let it be prepared as thoroughly as any, and, as or Anto-Ureyfu.iites, far as possible, let the children do this
themselves. Then let each plant his own seeds, giving him such Instruction as Ls necessary, illustrated by your sowing of your own. forces more than bold their own. Then note the eager, Impatient While tâw latter fact is reassuring, watching of the young gardeners for It cannot be forgotten that ul- the plants to appear; their delight though its ascendancy has consider, when I he tiny green things first show ably diminished the politics and their heads above the ground; the in-pollcie* of Paris greatly influence tcrest with which they witch tbeir Francs; that it a revolution started growth, and the enthusiastic greeting It would begin there; and that with of the first wee buds, a Nationalist majority In the Muni- Du we not all know the fascination elpal Council, the flag of insurrection In seeing plants appear and noting Id already raised. For the Nattons- their development when the seeds lists, though loosely counected, cm have been sown by ourselves f Then brace praotially all the forced of re- give to the little ones the profitable motion, Bonapartiste, Royaliste, Orle- pleasure of this experience. For it and Revolutionists—all who surely is profitable to them. It is mre bent on the overthrow of the ex- good for us all to be thrilled by the istiug order, and to that end upon mystery of growth; it. may be doubly producing a contempt for the lie- good that the young soul of the child public.	be stirred by the beauty and mystery
—	of it, and this end can be more surely
attained if he has a share in the won. der through the sowing of the seed. It is a necessity of the child's being that he express himself make things, and to see the results of this creative instinct, and in a way his gardening meets this demand.
Feed
FEEDING STOCK.
THE CHILDREN S GARDEN
each a little
T"irmer* <lo not feed to best idvan-t <ge. They, m ike little distinction In the rbn loter of the food for growing
They feed
HOT WEATHER DISHES.
Iced Bouillon —Bouillon Is like liecf tea, It stimulates, hut is nutritive value is slight. Tike five pounds of solid leu n beef and cut it into cubes. Put two-third# of the raecit into the soup kettle and souk In water 30 minutes. Brown one-third of the meat In a hissing hot frying pan with marrow from marrow hone, add to the other meat and heat to the boiling point. Skim and then cook slowly five hours. Add one level tablespoon of salt, one-half teaspoon of pepper-corns, six cloves, one-half bay leaf, three sprigs thyme, two sprigs parsley, and one-half cup each of carrot, onion, turnip and celery. Cook slowly for another hour, then strain and cool. Remove the fat, clear it with an egg and shell in the same way that coffee is cleared. Add wine if liked, and serve ice cold or serve hot if preferred. This should mike five pints of bouillon» Chicken	Mousse.—Soak	one-hdf
level tablespoon of granulated gelatine in one end a half tablespoons of cold water, then dissolve in three-quarters cup of chicken stock. Add one cup of chopped chicken, one pint of beaten cream, and a few grains of cayenne. Mould and chill. The chicken mixture should have become stiff before the ereiin Is folded in. Use
#no#
pel election# held throughout France last month, Paris was carried by the
and matured animals crops t hit will sell to least ad van
of it.
“Bill was an older man than I was when we worked together, and only a few years after that he soort of
prictic illy rutIred
go out now and then and do some easy job, but after a while he got so he didn't even do that ; he was getting old, that's all, and kind o' out of it ; and for a long time Will had pooty hard sleddin' to get along al all; and then oue day his eye hip-p.-ns to light on an advertisement in
the piper be took, saying something like thin; Jimmy, are you the mao
that did the problem for me f If you
are, address so-and-so
your advantage.'
“Well, now, you know, among other things, old Bill hid instinct or Intuition or insight, or whatever you call it, and he knew that that was from the boy, and also that
TUKIUS WAS NO TRAP
and that It meant it when It said “l hi# Is to your advantage;' and he went and saw him, and, true enough. It was the boy; and, so Bill said, just what you'd have expected him to be from whit we saw of him when he wan a boy— a good, big, bustling man, and prosperous; but the curious thing about it was his story.
“As Bill tells me, the boy was, when we m i w him, getting ready to go to some college, and he'd all but missed it, and if he'd ha' missed tbit sum in algebray that he’d been 'castlin' ho with the night we saw him— <i that, Bill tells me, he never cui hive done in the world—he'd In’ been o<ut of it and d »*s it just for fun; an 1. do you know, the youngster, when be <ees A on the piper in the morning, 1b m ht he'd done it himself in his sleep Of course, he knew about the carrying off the things, but the idea of « mathematical burglar stopping to do h:s sum# in algebray never occurred fo him, and I don't blame him day it struck him all in a heap 'hit the man that did the sum was the burg; and then he puts in I he advertisement.
“He told Bill that he thought he owed him a thousand dollars; 'hit saved him a year at least, in getting into this college; that maybe he'd lia' woke up and got in himself next year, but not th it year, and so Bill had saved bun a year, anyhow, and he'd prospered fairly well; and he thought Bill’s rake-off for the year he’d saved him ought to be about a thousand dollars, if that was satisfactory to Bill, as It was in a high degree • “And it was the mikin' of Bill, fl# bought a blacksmith’s shop thjre was for sale in the neighborhood of where he was then living and went to work# be was always a good man with tool*, and he turned out the best burglars' tools of anybody in his part of the country, and everybody went to him. So, you see, here he was now, all fixed again; no more night work, but work that he liked, and that he could do to advantage, and that was profitable, and comfortably settled down for life, sure of good income as long as he could lift a hammer; and all through doing that little sum in algebray on that boy's papers.
“Curious how things come about;
ain't it 1
Th‘
tag», regardless of nutritive value or drain upon the land. The tendency n to sell the crude products instead uf feeding them and producing eggs, poultry, cheese, poik, mutton, etc. We should grow all we nmnly, and fowl all we grow.
mili; is the (deal method of utilizing I droop and die
Nat ions lists who have now a clear majority in the Hotel de Ville, though in the other great cities, as well as in most of the rural districts, the Republican
Ob. he used to
feed
The
Th<
i h -< orn crop. Clover h»7 l* more pro-1 large variety cling fitable then timothy, the nutrients in
it. ue better balanced, and the fertll I A drop of lard without sali, rubbed
well lu will destroy thin, but do,not
cent
izmg ingredients are 70 per
greater saying nothing of the roots | uae much or you may kill h*^ pou ' that store up a vast amount of fertil
In conclusion, observe these rules
food
Proper breeding stock, proper
my in The soil
There ire three me hods of making! and proper care and cleaning, and I clover buy, each of which h is itffpvcu- feel sure you w ill h ive a good re'urn liar advantages. The fust method,] in the tall for your trouble, and the one most generally adopted, fpQlilJt* m cutting the clover late in the afternoon, and on 'he following! & handy and effective device for day, ss soon as it Is fairly cured, it putting on wagon tires Is by select— is drawn to the barn. The second lug h horshoe with long heel calks me* hod consists of cutting after the and a stick 1 or 2 in in diameter. d*w is off in the morning, teddering about $ ft long Place thm tlie on t he two or three times and drawing to wheel) ae far as it will go, then place
Rught sun- the heel calks against the edge of
This is te
PUTTING ON VN AGON TIRES
•mats,
There Is no <hmbt that ft is a
<01 midable combination, the more that It appeals to the vanity of France, to the feeling, prevalent among large classes, that France la being beaten fn the struggle for commerce and posassions, and that what is wanted is a "strong* government to Improve The children, moreover, should not external position and prestige. It can on!) prepare the soil and plant It, they hardly fall, therefore, of harmful ef- should also feet on the political situation; and themselves; keeping them free from though the Paris Municipal Council weeds and the earth in good condition has no direct political power, its cap- otherwise by stirring, and by water-ture by the Nationalists means a ing if necessary.- Do not allow the popular defeat in the capital for the gardens to be neglected, and do not WaldeckvRousseau ministry, and t h it do the work yourself. And when the Its influence will be directed to the flowers blossom, encourage the gen-
Indeed. encourag- erosity with them which the young
They will
the barn the same day shine is essential to the success of I the tire so as to get the end erf. the thn method, and sufficient force must stick, between the felloe and the loop be employed to keep the machinery in the horaeJioa. With one hind pry moving every available hour of the with the lever and wit.h the other d ,y. iTh» third method is to cut the drive with a hammer. Care mu** be clover in the forenoon, rake and shock taken to keep the .shoe well raised in the afternoon, then permitting the on the stick in order to pull on tb.-h*y to remain in the shocks several the/ and push, dowir on the felloe, d iys, where the heat generated as-
The shocks
he loves to
either individual or large moulds.
8-iuterne Jelly—Sotk one-half box of granulated gelatine in one-half cup of cold water, add one and one-half cups of siuterne wine, three table-
Si rain; < oior with
for their gardens
care
spoons of sugar leaf green coloring, then pour into a mould and chill. Jhe mousse may he
THE RETIRED BURGLAR,
gists in curing the hiy
then opened and exposed to the air and sunehine a few hours before drawing to the barn. This me' hod ref i v or able weather for seveia
d
are
4
put into the lower part of a mould and the jelly added to the tup.
Swiss Salad.—Marinate wtfh Fren^h
SHORT STORY ABOUT HIS PARTNER. WILLIAM GOBBLES.
TU..n along cornu IL 11,
quired
consecutive d iys, and some ex'ra | ||#> ||e<| # erejlt „,.a<l p#r Fâyurre. Had labor, but it gives a superior quality of buy and is mu<h favored in some
dressing one cup of cold cooked ch-ck en cut into cubes, one cucumber cut in dice, one cup of chopped English walnut meats and one cup of French
:z s	--n, —',t	-
of the question, a pretext for doing l'»ps*d.	.	t
¦o. The government had introduced | Remember, then, gardening is an *	' '01	1	g,'*a y " '
and secured the passage of this mea- important factor in education, and, large piece from the stem end of two
by the Chamber, but in the Sen- though it must needs be on a small cucumj”,t* riQ g' ‘ 9	1 ’ m VN ‘	1
• te It bad been referred toa .penial scale, do not deprive the little ones en- coarse grater. Drain and season with
committee Which up to three weeks tirely of the wholesome pleasure and ea G pepper an. vinegar. naea o
njo had not reported; a failure which, many sided benefits to be derived from maklng ,hld e,1ufe 8 lc* aU* re* ” with the knowledge that the record# this cooperation In the wonderful work fucu rubers migil' bo lahl roun 1
oi some of the witnesses against of making the seed bring forth ac- fwh ',lS 3 Sarmsh.
Investig,ted. cording to its kind.	Currant and Raspberry Ice-Dis-
solve one an l one-h ilf gl uses of cur-
runt and raspberry jelly in one quart
of boiling water, add the juice of two
lemons. Cool and freeze. Turn ih>*
or ink of the freezer slowly at first.
Use one part of rook salt to three of
I lee for freezing.
litter's overthrow
«td by their success in the Paris elec- owners will probably feel Un in, the Nationalists have lost no take pleasure in sharing these beauti-time in attacking the ministry, mak- ful results of their labors with others;
Kilt How H, Worltrd Out » Mum In A Igrliro For a Sleeping Boy After Haiiy Wears He t*oi H I* Kewanl.
localities.
When clover Is cut too eirly in the .season It sometimes contains
"I never had any patience," said the more I retired burglar, “with the men who and ts'leave samples of their handwriting
than 99 per cent, of water
When cut too| behind when they visit a house. ‘We
all we have got
very difficult to cure
late'the crude fiber becomes too hardi bave carried off ¦Ind woody, and the hiy Is largely In- room for in the wagon; we will come
for the rest the next time.’ 'Madam,
Hut one
digest i|>le unpalatable and less nurri-
The largest per cent of nutri-
hi plants are]*" V and foolish things like that.
being foolish it takes
we do not like your pie, It is
too
tious
tlon is secured when
in full bloom, but the Urge amount I And besides
sure
tliat time I more or less time to write these The most I things, and so adds by so many minutes to the length of time a man
of sip tn tTie plants at mikes it difficult, to cure approved time is when about one-third of the blossoms are turning
stays in a houss, and thus Increases his risk to say nothing of the wonderful foolishness of ;i man’s deliberately leaving something that might some time be used to identify him by. I don’t suppose, as a matter of fact, that any real up-and-up able burglar, who ever made a business of it, ever did anything of that sort, anyway, but l did know a man once, a real professional he was, too, who once left some marks behind him, that
Dreyfus were being taused the Anti Dreyfusitea to suspect the government of bad faith
brown.
DOMESTIC RECIPES
THE SALTING OF BUTTER.
In Denmark, as soon as the butter
Charlotte Huwu.-Line a jelly-mold
As this suspicion ««I Intensified by the report that copied of documents with split ladyfingers or slices of relating to the Dreyfus case belong- *p,mge cake. Whip a pint of thick tug to the War Office had'been given cream. Beat the whites of two eggs,
a demonstration was t0 u «tiff froth, beating in, gradually,
milk has been removed, the butter is
calculate the
weighed, m order to amount of salt required, and i be salt orked mat this time, usually on
to the press
mide- in the Senate against the mini- a cup of powdered sugar. Whip this
ptry. which was charged with running a lit tie at a time into the w hipped the government in the interest of cream, then add a generous teaspoon-the Dreyfueftes, the minister of war fui 0f vanilla extract. Pour thus into General De Galllffet, being especial- ¦ cake-lined mold and stand on ice ly singled out. The discussion was for two hours. Pass a knife around closed chiefly because the rei>ort fav- the sides to loosen the cuke, and turn tory gwlng the exclusion from the courts of all cases growing out of the Dreyfus affair was handed in on the same day, which meant the passage amnesty bill; but the attack was subsequently renewed in the Chamber, ending in the resignation of General De Galllffet on the plea of ill-health, and the escape of the government from overthrow by a majority of only forty»-flve> General Andre has succeeded to the war portfolio, and the amnesty bill has been passed by the Senate, but how much these measures will do to rent ore peace to the republic it would be difficult to say, the future in France, more than any other country, being difficult to fore-
is w
NEW HYBRID PRIMROSE
ihe butter work r. Sometimes it is
Few genera of flowering plants ;lIj incorporated at one working, but
comprise as many and as varying ^ many places, it is preferred to add species and varieties as does the ,, ' ln tw(> workfng<. The amount of turned out later to his great benefit.
Primu'a. Its representatives are dis- ityis expected to be sold; but it varies "lhat was Dill Gobbles Willun trlbuted over a vast range of terri- gaJt Uae<j [9 nyt unif0rm. It is adapt. There D hardly a mountain ^ to the taste of the market, phere range from the Himalayas to the Alps lietfw,een 4 and 5 per cent, of the and northern Siberia, from the trop- wçight ot the butter. The salt is leal Andes to the shores of Labrador where the primrose is not represent-
All are I *
Singular name? Curious
Gobbles
and a curious man Bill was, too. lie
had a great head for figures; mathematics
and all that sort of thing just as easy as rolling off a log; it cumo natural to him, and he liked it jQ I and I was partners, once, and time and again, when we’ve been all ready I and only waiting for time before starting out, I’ve seen Bill set down with a stubby pencil and a piece of paper and figure away on algebra y and forget all about business, and Pd have to tell him wtten it was time to
lie could
out upon a chilled platter. This is easy to make and is more delicious than that made with gelatine.
Fig Pudding —Soak a cup of breadcrumbs in a cup of milk for half an hour. Add three beaten eggs, half a cup of granulated sugar, a scant half cup of powdered suet, and a half teaspoonful each of salt, ground nutmeg and cinnamon, and into the batter stir half a pouud of figs out in small pieces and well dredged with flour. Beat hard and turn into a greased pudding-mold, with a tight fitting cover. Steam three hours, then set in the oven for five or six minutes. Serve with a hard, or liquid sauce, as preferred.
Coffee Cake —This recipe fur coffee cake does not contain coffee but gets its name from being prepared to serve at the breakfast table .with coffee. Sift together a quart of flour, three teaspoonfulA of baking powder, half a cup of sugar, half a teaspoonful of salt. Beat two eggs, add to them a pint of milk, and stir into the dry ingredients. Beat well, pour into two shallow buttered tins, and bake in a quick oven. To double the quantity of sugar, add a small piece of butter and a handful of needed and
chopped raisins, is a great improvement. Bake in a quick oven.
Loaf Cake.—Cut up one pound butter into small pieces. Warm it gently and set aside to cool. Mix together four eggs beaten to a froth and one pint milk, then with one and one-half pounds flour make a smooth batter. Mix into a pound of sugar one teaspoonful cinnamon, one-half teaspoon-iful mace, and one-half teaspoonful nutmeg. Add this by degrees to the batter and let It stand for • few minutes; then pour'off the thin part and mix It with one-half pint yeast and one tablespoonful orange flower water. Pour it back and sprinkle Into U another pound and a half of flour. Gradually work In flour-dredged trait as follows ; One pound seeded raisins, one-hall pound sultana ralt-
He could do sums with signs
worked into the butter with the least ssible amount of handling, and it
of the
• «
Bill
ed by one or more species pretty, and some of them have, from time immemorial, become endeared to
(s then laid aside for eom- time, before the next working tikes place summer, It is put in butter coolers which are a sort of icebox. In winter it|aa either laid In large trolls on the I butter trough, or on a table provided for the purpose. It lies here for a couple of hours In the cold season; bjit when the weather Is warm. It is allowed to remain for eight or ten
the flower lover's heart.
Although there are already nearly a hundred distinct species known to botanists, new ones are discovered ev
One of the most iDi-
li is, indeed.”
ery few years portant of the newer kinds is Primula
introduced from central
It is a
EXIT THE LADY.
We have all met people w hose pi Id# in their own possessions is so great that they cau see no charm iq those of others.
A young botanist was showing a party of ladies and gentlemen i hi ough a conservatory,
% them the properties of some of the choicest plants.
Among the visitors was a would-be-young-looking middle-aged lady, whs at every description, volunteered the statement that the plants and flowers sha had at home were quite equal *0 anything exhibited here, or, indeed, anywhere. Just as they were passing a giant cactus she was heard to presently discovered, or as Bill exclaim: did, because Bill was the boss; he car- Well, this is nothing extraordinary» ried the lamp and l carried the kit £ have a cactus at home that is still —throwing the lamp ’round the room £arger 1 planted and reared it my-and light in’ on the table where the *elf.	\
sheets of paper with the boy’s figur- Reared it yourself? the botanist
gently observed. How remarkablel Bill's eye lights on %bis specimen is 63 years old, and if those sheets of piper he sets the lamp y0urs is still larger—	—
right down on the table and sets The lady did not stay to hear any down himself on the chair the boy had more, but executed a stiategic move-been sittin' in, leaving it right where meot to the rear, the boy left it when he pushed it back. I could see a smile on his face, in the light of the lamp, as he bent down over the pipers, and then l see him fishin' in his pocket for rox that stubby pencil, and when he got that oult he smiled some more tind begun chalking down a few marks on the paper with crosses and letter#and things that I didn't understand. It didn't take him long, end when he’d
Happy man, Bill!
obcoulca,
China some 15 years since
to become firmer, but also to allow ft be- | saltl to dissolve, and to penetrate the
When the butter his a‘-
start
forget his troubles figuring out those sums with signs learn algebray myself, but
hours, or until the cool of thefollow-
I often thought I'd
1 NEVER QUITE COME IT
are rounded-
close to the ground, cordate, the margins lobulately toot lilt at once
"It was while we were working together thstt Bill come across that thing where he left his mirk
boy’s room, that was plain enough, and there was the boy himself in lied, a youngster if iJfl or thereabouts, and a vigorous, wholesome-looking lad he was too, though he looked as though he’d rather sail a boat or play ball than to 'rastle with figures; but he'd been hiving a set-to with figures, all the same, as we
cast.
and explaining i#
ed or nearly entire came a popular favorite competitor, with the long established and favored Chinese primrose, which has much Larger and more intensely colored flowers, but is nut as (profuse a bloomer, nor is it of as | out
graceful a habit.
A combination of the good qua
and a strong whole mass
PROVED TOO MUCH.
The troubles of housekeepers with their "helps" are endless, and many that actually happen are quite as fun-those that find their way into
tained the proper degree of firmness was in a it is again put through the worker, and a considerable portion of the
brine formed frozn*tbe salt is worked The amount of aworking it can stand differs much in individual cases
ny as
print through the active imaginations of th# gifted young men who
write for the comic journals.
of an establishment
ities I Care» is taken, however, tbit it is not I/he least bit overworked, so as to ,be-gressy and sticky. This work-in-1 y be repeated a couple of times, or it may be packed for Mbip-rneat at once. Practice is not uniform on this point. It is common, howto give it more working an hour
one
of each of these two species in plant would constitute the very ideal of primrose beauty. To ac.romp.ish this desirable result, Mr. Adolf Jaenicke, has experimented in this direction. P obconica was fertilized with P sinensis pollen. The plants raised from the resulting seed did not show ut the Chinese blood, but after fer-
The mistress went into the kitchen one morning to how her new cook was getting
come
mg
me#
•long.
There was a wash-basin in the sink, half-full of water, and a cake of soap
was floating in It.
"This Is wasteful, Keturah,"
"When you wash your hands.
ever
or two later. The main point n noi to work it until it has become decidedly firm, and then to work only to the extent it can Dear, without iu-
she
ing on ein was "The minute
once
tilizing these again with Chinese pollen the hybrid character became de-
Mr. Jaenicke in-
said
always take out the soap and empty the water."
"I haven't used that wash-pan at all to-day, ma'am " replied Keturah, indignantly.
The next day Keturah was hunting lor » new situation.
jurfng the grain, and yet remove as much1 as possible of the brine which has formed from the dissolving salt. It (s worthy of notice that although four per cent of salt may be added, with proper working about half of this is removed in the form of J>rine.
ddedly apparent tends to continue these hybridization experiments and feels quite confident that subsequent results will even lipse the present generation. The sub-jedt Is of Intense Interest to the botanist and intelligent horticulturist, and Its development will be observed with olose attention.
eo
A FINANCIER.
Browne—He’s to marry Mi»» Suoa-eh î I didn't think he had enough m<uiey to support u wife. What’s
hie business !
8m/the—Bajik i ng.
Bruwne—Really I
timythe—'Yes; he’s banking m the money her father will give her.
IMPERIAL DRINK.
Dissolve from two to three drams of cream of tarter Ln a quart of boiling water, add the juice of one lemon and a little lemon peel, and sweeten with sugar. When cold, it may be taken freely as a cooling drink and diuretic. â. vaüuaole drink In threatened sunstroke and passive congestion ef the brain.
THRIFTY YOUNG TURKEYS.
Place the coop on dry, sandy ground if possible, and move It daily. Feed dry bread crumbs or bread dipped in milk and squeezed dry, rolled oats, clabbered milk, onion tope, dandelion

THE EXCEPTION.
Laura. All men are liars.
Kitty. Except when their flattery


_
###PAGE###4###





\\ AN TF I » H<mn*l imin or woman to tra-if vvl f.it Iwrue honni»; mlary *61 mouth I y
»nu cxiiMikfK, wlih Inrn-HM} positimi i,*r.
manetii; lue o*# »i«*li-ailUve»aetl hiamnvU velupe, M.XN.UiKR, 880 (axlon hid*-i*ago.
THE EQUITY.
THE MARKETS.
Strayed fyvay
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS
. . . SHAWVILLE . . .
i
SHAWVILLE.
Wlivnt, (Mtaiiilmih at mill, 70 Oat* jut lmshvl, LVt to 27c. I>vasv per I'U.shvl, 00 to (iOv. Kggs, |»L»r iloxt n. llv Huttcr, |ivr |n,umi. 15 toOOc. W.ml, |>vr |«ouml. 1 > to 1
1 Vitm, each, 15 to 73c. Calfskin*. 10 to otV.
till.
Two white pigs on I he 25th of .luiu ihoul t wo mont lis mill a hall old. Infoi nation of tin same will he thankfully re •viwd In the untliTsignvd
111 till N
SHAWVILLE. JULY 12, 1900
Clearing
SALE Millinery
MJOWN I.KK.
Ha.li’iml
EDITORI AL NOTES
See our
FARM FOR SALE.
The Government introduced resolutions last week providing for the payment < f three and a half milhuus of di Mars t ll railways existing and pr< jectcd. This I IN brings the total estimates fur th to almost touching distanc ty million mark
Sir Richard who was going to inn tilings for less than 38 millions a few years
ion Crinedr
the Till Range of containing about 0 of \\ liit'll are cleared ml in a state of cultivation. House, table and nth* r buildings erected I n. For further pot titulars npph to
JAMKS l v:Aril Welt Mead 1
l
of
Hrist
001
i
(
HEAD THIS
*$? 0 ? A
And Remember It !
ENTRAL AN ADA
Exhibition Association
Ottawa, Ont.
S (»!

a
year uj f the seven-Where is that nun
—0
1
i m>>\ ottering
It will grind your knives in less time without taking any temper from the steel, than any other Grinder on the market to-day.
53-AT COST
Teachers Wanted.
y
t he v h< Ii of my lnrg<
able Millinery vonsUtlng of HATS, HON NETS.
SILKS, VELVETS,
HATES, CHIFFONS,
YKIMNTrS, FLOWERS,
FEATHERS, &< ., &(.
All of the most Stylist] and Up-to-Date Nature.
k °f Fashion
i
G
The Pembroke Observer, which tin for tunately has never been able to discover anything goo 1 unless it originated 'in I a Gritdom, makes this comment on the Manitoba prohibition law recently enacted by the Macdonald Government :
“ The prohibition measure which Manitoba has before it is being gradually simplified so that eventually it will be a harmless measure. The druggists, the doctors, and the veterinariea can buy and sell all the liquor they like. They are to have an absolutely free hand."
Nevertheless the temperance people of the province have expressed their satisfaction with the measure, which is a very different thing from the feeling that has arisen towards the Laurier Government for the manner in which they cast aside the pledges made in connection with the Dominion plebiscite.
Wanted t
Elementary Diplomas tp teach in school
1 and 2, in the township of Address,
II. II. SHAMAN.
Lake, Que.
1‘rotestant teacher* " ith
N
t>it
i
Farmers !
DEEPC
A few of our
Celebrated No. 7 SVjowers
V* circumstances compel my early retire ment from business sale will continue at cost price until the whole stock is
sold out.
still on hand
Thv dates for the holding of our Exhibition
this year arc from
BINDERS, MOWERS,
HAY RAKES,
ARE THE BEST MADE. (Fully guaranteed.)
You can get them as well as well as all kinds of Farming Implements, Binder Twine, Stoves, Ranges, &c.
E. T. MARTIN’S, IMPLEMENT DEPOT LADYSMITH.
MBS. AI|cWILLIAMS,
Sliawville.
good qua-;MO DIFFERENCE.
SMART & SMITH.
and
Entries close 13th Sept.
COLD MEDALS
in list as Special Prises 1
The Largest List of Specials offered by any Exhibition !
P. S. Binder Twine
lity at low prices.
9
There were at least ten supporters of the Government who could not or would not swallow the nauseating dose of ergency food ration whitewash prepared for them by Chief Belcourt, chairman of the Committee that investigated the scandal connected with the militia department, whereby several hundred weight of ground biscuits, worth at most not than 30 cents per lb., and probably not one-third of that amount, were sold to the department by a political friend centrated food at the high price of $2.00 per lb ! Mr. Belcourt and the partisan majority of his committee, tried to show that all was straight and O. K ; that the
I he fact that the name of
our plate of business has been changed
from Park man to Starke's Corners makes no difference with us.
We tire still in the old stand, doing busi-on the same fair, square-dealing lines and ever ready to meet the of our customers.
During the present season we wish to direct special attention to our
NKW AND COMPLETE
STOCK OF
eni
o-
§g||. Patent Express
Buggy Wheels
ness
No effort will l>e spared to make this year's Exhibition the best oxer held by the Association.
The grounds and buildings are now in excellent condition and up to date in every respect.
requirements
more
Our prices and terms defv compel i
%
t ion
i*»
A fB
and
1
w
to weave into his argument such con vine mg phrases as " inegerate abound with the appearance vf a good harvest uala ; ”
“ general prosperity of the country sends its ramifications to all branches i f indus-
as con
** the fields
/
/
" body
f human individ “ powers that bj is olive ; ’
T!is Special Aitmlis
(Tired or not)
At Bottom Prices.
Summer
y
will be the best that money
can procure.
BMsetion waa perfectly legitimate, and that no fraud
Goods
" peculiar instincts for public hfe, and so on through the chapter. We
of the present	n, also, wouhi	- - .	_
up the evidence (which Belcourt & Co. j	have had an opportunity of expressing	JMl0Cl6TH <111 Cl
attempted to ignore) and had caught on	'»ur esteem and vur thank*. while con-	R Pi 1 i qf if*
to the Um ptevultas thmuthoot th<	!"T'ÎT '"'l"?	”l?ld b“‘’	,	,	,
“»*'>¦	u,tilSiSSt it. % Spectacular
dirty had been perpetrated on our soldier tho man whose exclusive modesty stands ** RcittvO nf Poo FflphllPO’ lads in South Africa, and they refused barrier l:ke between himself and an en U&lUu UI lûûi UCUUI g
aqd Surrender of Gen-
fate of the cause to which the writer has	¦ a 4 D
devoted his distinguished talents. What I	fiTHl ul OH I G,
in additional weight would be thr .. n	J
The way in which the 14 business is bur-1illt0 tho 8Ca!e if lhe Puhlic	only
mess " idea runs through the comment of : Placed 1,1 toUch* 30 to	with an in- |
the Liberal pi ess on recent unpleasant dmduality fined t0 ovetflowing with inevents is not a promising sign for the 1 spifationa 80 enobling ? Mut ray stock, 1 tzr See the Battle re produced on the Ex Government. It seems to be the accepted ! wbich has so long (in Vontiac) been sub i hi hi lion Grounds, doctrine that when the party is in power ' Ject to a most depressing discount, would tho hangers on should make something. a upward sufficient to cause a and no one is squeamish about the moth’ PaP*c 111 l^e political stock market. As oda. One man makes a demand for a lt is» however, “ A Supporter has miss- I slice out of the price of a coal contract, ed one of the great opportunities of his Another sells the Government a railroad. ,lfe’ ai d. have failed in the object another gets a dredging contract without he has aimed at. Even now if he were
t<> rectify > error 1 have led att tit'll to, it is doubtful if he can again con-
try
was proven. Bat those
IVIcDOUGALL and OUZO'S Hardware Stores,
ten supporters had evidently been reading
—a
" hit h embrace a varied assortment of tin* newest line* in the market, am! only need examination to recoin mend them to customers.
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
MCMULLEN’S
POULTRY NETTINGS and LAWN FENCINGS
TEAS! TEAS !
* * *	ooo
Our stot k of Tens stand unsurpassed in quality and price. It will pay you
pjiat-blank to condone tho fraud
Arc not Surpassed in the World.


The March to Ruin
Tl.	....	_	to give them a trial.
Wowi Win FnCUiS SILAS young,
! Tlieir
Thi* i> the fainou" battle in which our
Canadians took such a prominent and effective part

Ü

s
STARKE’S CORNERS.
ha VI

r II years of successful farm and railway.
1
kus maim: this year on
o
Dale Bros.
HOC FENCING.
These Goods are all manufactured by the Ontario Wire Fencing Co., Limited, of Picton, Ont.
Reduced Rates
on all lines of travel-
1 'or Prize list and all Information write
Practical
Tinsmiths
SHAWVILLE,
tenders, which he sublets to else who can do the work
For sale by the Hardware Merchants and General I) by the Canadian Hare ware Jobbers.
GEN. AGENTS
eomeo ne
Another is	,	.
favored with gold seeking privileges centrale public interest to the extraor
which he sells at a good profit. Another dina»yextent which his first tlLiaion has is let in on the inside in an army hay pur- ' eV oked- Seriously, it was a herculean ef chase. Another sells the soldiers ground fort’ t,ie aecjuence of which, unfortunate biscuit rations at $2 a pound. And so in a mental sense, is invariably colon through almost every department of iai,ae- Should this prove the rule with the public administration. None of the “ A Supporter, ’ his case ehould receive beneficiaries are men of weight; acme of immediate attention vf the Emer-tbam are hardly known in their local it us	>" 1 d Rati na department of the
till the eue	r pull draws unfav-1 Governm $ and l '¦ ;I'K *• [ ^ j	I leaders to protect the women and child*
arable attentions to Ihera, But whoever riJ 1 Xvrt ^mse.f b> that pu*..	ren from the violence of the mobs,
they are, or whatever they arc, when	\ our*s etc., C< rnstatk, Two Mauchus who arrived at Shanghai
light is thrown on their doings, the j arty	------- ------------- I	certify to the truth of tho statement that
rallies to their support as if to assail them	BAD NEWS	FROM	PEKIN.	|	Prince Tuan visited the place and offer
were to lay the axe at tho root of the tree	-------- ed the Euiperor and Dowager Empress
of Liberalism. 1 he emergency ration	Foreign	Residents	of the	Chinese	the alternative of poison or the sword.
A	H&îœssrc&Kss;
ra^ed and public intelligence otlendcd by	____ 1 press also chose poison, but craftily swab
attempts to show that everything ts ail London Ju’v 7 —Bulletin “ Th« * lowed only a ponion of what was offered
and all who believe in its principles is to rt^V\v! V >ndl’n t0 .y‘ , t ,	London, July 5.—The losses of the inter-
preted the black sheep of its following ! . >\hon the ammunition and food were nationals were heavy. The nstive city.
from the punishment their offences merit. -aua 1V c,’Il l:iueâ 1 16 d^patch, tJlt; when captured, was a horrib'o spectacle. The end of such folly is disaster, as it 1 ^l!T° a ni"' UPT th@ legal!?LS, and Chinese bodies lay thick around the guns should be; but there is evidently no one i V '! V-08.! " h) ruma‘nvd a,1Vd* The situation in Lwang-Tung, (or Eist-in authority in the party who both sees	, Afterwards they	set the legation	| ern province) grows worse. Li	Hung
and has strength to point out and stop it.	Ul\',1!l8s on tlre and the remains of the	Chang is said to be trying to tabe	a force
The march to rum will go on.-Montreal ! ",c.tlm9 consumed in one horrible , of 200,000 militia.
Gazette.	I holl,.t'aU9t' . , ,	, , , ,,	Anarchy is widespread in the province
The despatch does no state the source | of Shan-Tung in spite of the efforts of
from which the news of this confirmation > Yuan-Shikai, the governor, to ontrtl ...	was received. It is thought that this isIthe revolt, happily a band of thiry-tive
Dear Mr, 1 notice in last week’s Bry-	indicated by another -	hangh.ti despatch,	Americans and other missionaries reached
son Advocate the Capital Stock of the	however, which states	that the i aoti or	fain Tau safe July 3.
Tom Murray Political Promotion Com officer in charge of several departments! pany, (Limited) receives what is intended > at Shaugha; and vicinity now admits that
:o be a vigorous “ boost ” at the hands , no legation exists in Pekin.	| London, July l) -2 45 a m —The For
of an individual whose identity is but They are said to have been exterminât- ejgn consuls at Shanghai met on July 7 meagrely screened behind the signature j ®d, and it is admitted that no foreigners aiui ^cially announced that the lega-of " A Supporter.” In deciding thus the ; have been left alive.	.	, , lions at Pekin were safe on July 4.
- writer certainly made a grave mistake. Reports o. the atrocities committed by | The foregoing statement, rea*1 with Such transcendant intellectual genius, I Prince Tuan upon the Chinese are appal- Consul Warren’s despatch to tho Foreign and logic so irresistible as is manifest in “ng. He had four thousand leading 0ftice on Saturday, makes it pozsible to this writers production, points to the ( hmese butchered it is said, for merely j believe that the legations will hold out work of a master hand, which narrows j daring to petition him to control the orgie for a number of da>s yet. Having fou-ht the probable authorship down to an area of blood and restrain his followers. The to a standstill the first outbursts ^of fa'n-so circumscribed, that guesswork becomes despatch concludes with the announce-	fury, it is believed that something
practically unnecessary. And this being ment that ex viceroy Chi Wang Li ^en may intervene to save them. The news, iie fact, it seems a pity indeed that “ a Chao has been killed by the B xers
Supporter " has such a poor appreciation of his own ability. Had he possessed atom of the faith which is in him, and come out boldly under his own signature, posterity would have been afforded the gratification of looking backward with pride to the man whose matchless resourcefulness and originality enabled him
Lvr> throughout Canada. A!
The G. Greening Wire Co. of Hamilton and Montreal. Agent for Railway Fencing Jiunes Cooper. Montnal. tc?'* Correspondence \rith }fauvfiicturers invited.
E. McMAHON, Sec*y,
2d Sparks Street.
OTTAWA
tim. H'JTCHISON, h[. P.,
President
T. C. BATE,
Treasurer

Wanted
P. S
Sue Massuy-H arris Co's Specials ON PAOk ! A and 4 B op Pkize Lisr.
Arc well equipped to supply all the demands of
THE SPRING AND SUMMER TRADE with a complete stock of all necessary articles in
An experienced canvasser, character and address, with the
or a man with good necessary ability
to travel from town to town and appoint agents. Orders for Special Arti-
tion permanent a!d promotioT according'to Jerit	T“
The Bradley-Carretson Co., UMW
BRANTFORD, ONT,
TIN and AGATEWARE.
HIGHEST 1'IitCE PAID
for Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Cowhides.
Mention this paper
.303 Calibre.
Savage Magazine Rifle.
Editor Equity,
r
the twentieth century firearm
Tie Only Hammsries Smokeless 6-Shooter.
A.HMS GO., UTICA, N. 1
A HOPEFUL REPORT
Finest and safest rifle ever made fur large or small game.
Write for complote 1000 Catalogue.
a*.»
U. S. AMERICA
“Taotai Sheng now admits that there was an error in his communicator! to General Warren. The date of the tor's arrival at Chilien Fu was July 3, pnr aisi on
üïvr iLte	r
IfÜi
isssSl'S
E. GRAHAM,
Sec. Treasurer.
Tenders Wanted
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
cour
on
To buy well, watch the latest prices and if** formation in the special TRADE PRESS.
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Mereheet The Orj feeds Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
Samples Free
/HacLEAN PUB. CO.i Limited
Chinen occupies five days. The courier, therefore, could not have left Pekin later than June 28. The date of the massacre there, ns given by Chinese reports, June 30, or July 1.
Justice Armour had decided to accept the chief justiceship of Ontario. Justice Fa’.conbrtdge will become chief justice of the h:gh court.
:><*)
. .	,	,	,,	.	, 4 . . . 9 , after the sinister rumors of the last ten
In Lmdnti it in h;n\.,y doubted that the day8i js enough upon which to build up worst has happened, though the friends j10:)e8 of those who were besieged at Pekin cling to the last slender hope that Sir Robert Hart, the inspector-general of. The Shanghai correspondent of the customs, who was thoroughly trusted by Express, telegraphing on Sunday at 5.10 the Chinese, may have managed by the p m., however, throws doubt upon Con-promise of bribes to induce the Boxer eul Warren’s information. He says
an
was
GOOD NEWS DOUBTED
4
Kltnside, July 2nd, 1900,

###PAGE###5###
<1 f



























m
THE EQUITY,

\\ A NT Kl». Ilonewt manor woman to tin vt*l fur largo honte ; aalary $(15 month
fini i xpvnsi'M, with I nr i op No ; position
permanent : Ineloro m-U-hiMi onm'iI *tainp<'<| envelope. MANAOKIt, m Caxtou bldg.
Chicago.

THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
TAKE A MINUTE AND THINK

A Weekly Journal dovoted to Local Interests.
PVHLÎHHKD EVERY T1IUKMDA Y
AT HI! AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION—$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
fftr No paper «topped until all arrearages v paid, unless by special arrangement with ubllsher.

County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Rooms.

Court Shawville,
No. «78.


A. SMILEY, Prop.




Meets the III: Wcdw1* day of every month.
Court dues must be paid ff promptly every mouth.
Visiting bn I lire a cordially lu vit « d.
Why you should not have the
VERY BEST IN
:o:
ADVEHTHJNU UATKH :
Legnt advertising, eight cents per line for first tiiM-rllon and. four vents per lino fur vnrli subsequent Insertion.
lln*lue“H card* not exceeding one Inch In» s< lied at #1.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted hi the rate of live cent* per line for first Insertion and three cents lor subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or for longer periods Inserted at low iules,
which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Instructions accompanying them will be Inner!ed until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
illrlh. marriage and death notices published free of charge. Obituary poetry three vents per line.
The Frost & Wood
Binder Twine
/. A. Cow xv, R H
II. s. Rarnktt, F s
Hrun Holms, i,\ It.
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,
/
when you pay for it.
01 Nepean St., Ottawa, Ont.,

»r

No. 8
Lumber tf All Kinds Bonolil and Sold,
Mower.
G. F. HODGINS
has thought about it and the result is
he keeps only the most reliable brands :
'
jL
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
Prompt Attention given to all Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commlkklou Bn»lne»fc a Spocialty,
J
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job, Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly al tended to.
In point of durability and perfect running qualities] this machine is acknowledged to be the
peer of any Mower in the market.
JOHN A. COWAN,
RemtKxi r.s by Pr.uuissii»* :
Pauli Mill ; l.y, Pirns. Ottvwa Transportation Co. I W* Avery,, I! til LmmIhtCo.
J. T. shlrrl.t, K 11. fcdiyCo.
Luh'liford A McDougall, BarrUtcra,
•Iohn Heiiey .V Nous.
H N. Uatv & Sou,
Publisher.
Sisal aqd Plymouth Special.
Business Cards.
MEDICAL.
Among the important improvements lately introduced it is provided with the new serrated or sickle-edge Guard Plates, the advantage of which cannot be overestimated, especially in cutting light grass when mower is running in same direction as the wind.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
JOIjN StylTH, Proprietor.
s
F. M. A. McNaughtoq,	M.D..C.M
Ghadvatk of M< Gill University,*
Office-Renidence of the late Dr. If. If Knox, Shaw ville.
Heavy stocks always on hand, prices right
and quality guaranteed.
The spot spot for —
OH
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.
A Fashionable Hair Clt, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
f
Cultivators, Raises, Binders, &c.
And everything in the Machinery line required bythe Farmer.
A. SMILEY -"SHAWVILLE.
F. T. M. C
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Orrioa axd Rksidbxc* : J. 11 AiuisTinmi'a House, MAIN STREET - * dll AW VILLE.
WOOL! WOOL! WOOL!
MT Your Turn next.
?
We are open to buy all the wool offered at the highest market price—cash or trade.
ESTABLISHED 1886.
The Shawville
HISII and HOOK
f
LEGAL.
FAGTORY
BOIIBBEAII RAINVILLE, L. L, L,

ir?
I Just Received : A consignment of good, all pure i —
StocK Yarn.
P. S.—Headquarters for Harvest Tools, Machinery Oils, &c.
' ?
" ? '
'?r
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
>
at
v
—ALL KINDS OF—
» .
will visit Shawville every Monday.
THE IMPROVED
Alpha
de Laval
Interior & Eilcrior
8
a
xm

WM. GAMBLE,
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs
MAN V FACTURE D.

BARRISTER, &o.,
lloom 20, Trust BulMIng, No. H Sparks»
St., Ottawa, Out.
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
•“VUco—over O. F. Hodglns* Store, Main St.
I
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, Ac. Rrr.
K - pi la ht. k and m.id<* t- «rider.
LUMBER DRESSED AT POITLARPRICES.
0
LI
The G. F. HODGINS
Departmental Store.
I
!
BABY No. 1
I

CEO. C. WRIGHT
<¦.
!

» McCREDIE & HODGINS.

will save you $IO per cow :	per year
The prices are net at list to _ one and all alike—no
discount.

ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C
i
Estimates furnished.
OK THi: IMIOVIN( K OF QVKHK< ,
Molsons* Hank Chambers -
l
11 Metcalfe St., Ottawa.
NEW
-dressmaking-
shop
Phone No. 1173.
Law InislnesM in Ottawa and Pontiac Dis t riets attended to.


For Sale.
The United States census, just com i ljttd, gives the total population uf that touutry as 78.ÎW4 T4J, <«r a gain of twenty-six i-er cent, during the {ast ten years.

:
W. W. IRELAND,
The South East Half of Lot Ld and S. K. Half of 21 in First Range cf Litchfield. 200 acres, known as the Porteous Farm : a valuable property, two miles from Bryson village, lo he sold on easy terms.
Apply to M AI LES COWLEY,
Write for particulars to

Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgatto*. etc., executed legally and sails* factorlly.
W. S. CLARKE,
AGENT FOR PONTIAC,
MOREHEAD, - - QUE.
» ;—, vu
An electric car crowded with pe p!e >n the way to Tacoma, Washington, | or July 4 : h plunged over an embank- ! .nent 100 feet high and was smashed in I
o kindling wood. Sixty of the illfated The underdgned l egs to inform the I passengers were killed, and scarcely one j ladies of Shawville and surrounding conn* | escaped injury.	j
rj that he h > opened » dres » m iking ihop in thi ms over c. F. Hodglns’
store, where she is prepared to execute all | The Central Canada Exhibition
orders in t line according to * he !.. est styles, and in a prompt and satisfactory manner.
A call solicited.
\ ,
ft
(Oven G. F. Hodgrlns’ Store)
i
SHAWVILLE.
i
Hristol.

SHAWVILLE
QUE.

<£. .*"•••


CEO. HYNES
y v
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,

14

NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LOAN AND HAVINGS CO., OF ON VA RIO.
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON,
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and Saturday of every week.
NOTARY IT HU
n

* o
1 V
w •
* ? *


FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
1. . -
QUE.
at Ottawa.

Y HE
With an immense number of new attractions, an increased prize list, and a programme of specialties which cannot be beaten, the Central Canada Exhibition this year cannot fail to be a greater success than ever before.
District and Country. I,	!j
------ -----------i A .	|f. u	. I Patrdeberg in which S 'î iany of our gal-
OAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT |. The. Quebec mul Lake Huron Railway jADt Canadian inldier boys in South
Shawville. Que., respectfully elicits u projected to run from the city of Africa, laid down their lives for their,	, ,	,
E»B5ES^|St2sysss 2-w°5M	s gsBESEHS
........-	¦ — ““*•	many years so successfully conductd the |. designed. All culls receive personal
GENERAL. .	I Unzfs, the Qutb.c murderer, whose pyrotechnical displays have designed this attendance. Open day and night.
death sentence was commuted to that of master piece specially for the Exhibition life imprisonment, was »aken to St. Yin* and notwithstanding the enormous cost cent de Paul penitentiary last Thursday, it will be produced every night. It is \ f ANUFACTUItlNO STATIONERS,BOOKSRL This was done quietly by the authorities also the intention of the management
A A	" !h,ir',"s '*id ,to be much feeling .hat in ca»e the war in Smlh Afrrica ,s	____
Thirity persons killed and thirteen dian regiment which behaved with such IX #1 L* t\ j Vw hundred and twenty five injured is the conspicious gallantry at this battle, to jj S | f \ J * J LICENSED AUCTIONEER for the County | result of the 4th of July celebrations 'take l'art in lh’« scene which will greatly 1 v 1	1	B
Pontiac. Sales conducted in a business-like j throughout the United States principally heighten the interest in the spectacular.
Sfany k'Sd uK".a£TdUp^ed'o'f'bV'pu'buS | due to toy cannon,, giant fire cracker», A large number, of other .pieudid atlr.c or private sale on reasonable terms. Pub-1 and other explosions, used to celebrate the I lions have already been secured, although lie sales conducted at Hhawvllle once a month, a variety of articles always on Rand for sale; Office : Kliawvllle, Que.
Farm for Sale.
R. MITCHELL,
MISS McHUGH.
PORTAGE DU FORT
The undersigned offers for sale that i!h Arable farm_ known as the Stanley Farm °n Lot No. 17, on the 0th Range of Clarendon, containing 18H acres of land, more or levs, with house, barn and stable erected thereon. The premises are well watered with a nice lake. For further particulars
apply to WILLIAM STANLEY,
Charter!s P. 0.
BAILIFF OF TIIE SUPERIOR COURT.
for the District of Poutl ic. Office, Main St 8ns w ville.
Accounts collected and promp‘. returns made.
July 2nd, PAH).
•i
A large, well selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Roller Mill
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
IN UNDERTAKING
HAYING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME AND TURNING OUT
WANTED !
JAS. HOPE & Co.
FRESH and CURED
First Quality Flour.
An Activa Canvasser
In Pontiac County, to work
amongst fanners, to represent the LARGEST NURSERY IN CANADA,
STONE & WELLINGTON, of TORONTO.
Permanent position to good, steady man;
J. J. TURNER,
Farmers favoring this Mill with their custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
of all kinds at
. !
JOSEPH BROWN,
the iist is by r.o means yet completed. Among others, Miss Lillian Shaffer, the
glorious Yankee event.
Argue,Jof clÏ^TfàrnTeVtupnonhe I 4" mi)ion ,idor of ,he w°rM» wil1
Almonte high school, has been appointed ï,ve an exhibition of her peerless horse-gaol physician Gy the Carhton County	including her wonderful feat
Council. There were fifteen application, JumPln* oveLr 8 h“rdle 0 feet 4* lncl,!“ for the position. The vacancy was cans- Jl1»1’- modern chariot racing a race with
ed by the death of Dr. C. R. Church. Tu,n M?rk th.® ndarle“ Wj"der' r,d,n8
The position is wortn $200 a year and mGUntcd1 a8trlde New >Vo,Dcn eue" f	'	tume and many others.
Prof. Ed. H. Hutchison and Miss Rett* Danzelle will appear in their wonderful balloon ascension and the double drop from the clouds from their monster airship in which the parachute falls 400 feet before opening. The effect of seeing two human >a I bodies sailing through the air is very a ' thrilling and should not be missed.
Another interesting feature of the programme will be Prof. N. R. Sutherland with his wonderful ten trained Hon. A. R. Dickey, Minister of Jus-I high horses. With these he will give exhi-tice in Sir Charles Tupper’a Government, | bitions of chariot races, drivjng fuur-in-died at Amherst. N. S., on Wednesday ' hand, running and hurdle races and
I other interesting feats. At night beau ifully lighted chariots will be used, thus heightening the effect of this feature.
THE SHAVUVILE
iV|eat Market
J. Œ. McGUIRE,
pay weekly, free outfit ami good terms Splendid local references will he supplied as to our stock and reliability, to assi.st in canvassing.
Proprietor.
FOR SALE:
HOTELS.
A quantity of—
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
St. Lawrence Hall,
Apply to
C. K. GEIOO
i

RENFREW, Ont.
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
Proprietor.
Philadelphia, duly 4.—Seven children
Good A coo m m odntîonT Table and Bur al-1 wcr? ‘'j'1®*1’bT an explosion of firework, ways well furnished.	j in the heart of the Italian quarter of the
? First-class Li very attach fd.	| city today. Three are so badly burned
th.it they will probably die, and about 20 others are seriously injured. The explosion was caused by a colored boy firing shot from a revolver into a mass of tireworks owned by a sidewalk merchant. The boy was among those killed.

Bristol Wharf

PATENTS
THIS IS THE SEASON
r
FOR
Ice Cream Fresh Fruit,
Choice Candies Confectionery, &c,,
FERRY
[PROMPTLY SECURED]
;
i
Write for our interesting books •* Inventor's Help" and "How you ere swindled.'* Send us a rough sketch or model of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably, patentable. Rejected applications have often! been successfully prosecuted vy us. We, conduct fully equipped offices in Mon and Washington ; this qualifies us to pro ly dispatch work and quickly secure Paten a* broad as the invention. Highest reference furnished.
Patents procured through Marion & Marion receive special notice without charge in over ioo newspapers distributed throughout the Dominion.
Specialty Patent business of Manufacturers and Engineers.
MARION & MARION
Patent Experts and Solicitors.
I Biirawstjag
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
CHANGE OF TIME.
The undersigned having had two years' experience in ferrying passengers between Bristol Wharf and Sand Point will continue to do so this season as follows ;
and
J
JEWELLER
%
Leave Bristol Wfiarf
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8.00 a.m., and 4.00, p.m.
\
It see me the hon. gentleman drowned while bathing near his home at
Amherst. During the afton :i he- start-1 The demand for space for th# exhibition ed for Amherst shore, saying he was go- i« greater than ever this year and there ing for a bath, and remarking that he »¦ no question but what the exhibits will seemed unable to swim as well as ho used ! be more attractive and numerous than to do. He did not return, and at 7 ever before. Any person desirous of ob-o'clock friends went to look for him. His ! taining information in connection with lifeless body was found in two feet of ! the exhibition should apply to Mr. E. water, his clothes lying near by. He had 1 McMahon, who will cheerfully answer evidently been taken with cramps.	| all inquiries.
Il i à
KEEPS
A 8*LK«T STOCK Of
watches,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE
Ai'. Ac.
was


All to be lmd at • the popular Fruit and Grocery Store—
Leave Sand Point
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., and 6.42, p.m.,

Repairing—
a Speciality:
D. WILSON’S
Meeting all Trains.
GEORGE BALLANTINE,
J
SHAWVILLE, 0
Ferryman.
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE,
*







###PAGE###6###











X


orally d<w just what no one expects i he will attempt to tlo. It was dur-Hamlltou's flanking effort that e G ird me \ indi 1 ted their charte*
ptulo To was, a
THE BORDONS' RETENGE
and they sent the wild alogan V their dun re-eohoing through the gulrieu uf the African hill*, until their comrade fur away along the line, hearing i turned to one another, «eying: *Uwd help i ho Doers this hour, m* Jocks are Into 'em with the bey'nlt lN
THIS ORITKL PRICK OV IT.
But when they turned to gather up those who hud fallen, then they found that ho whose liou soul hud pointed
ï
hlm off he h ni written this letter, which after JO years «he had received. At the time he hid suddenly left town never to return. Stories had come buck that he was married and was a rich man. Cruallta on this morning had dressed herself in the very gown which she hid worn in her last walk with Eneas, down this very path. To-diy was Thursday, and for the moment it seemed to her that she was young and keeping the requested appointment with Eneas.
Far down the avenue of poplars a man came walking, tarrying here and there to read an inscription upon a gravestone. He reached Crusllla with a high-headed, strong swing. Her face was still hid and the letter had
made an apple pie with a mite o' lemon peel iu’t, jus' es yor used t' like
4 4
11
t
i
mg
If
SCOTIA’S SONS OET THEIR TURN
AT THE BOERS.
Drusilli held an uplifted dipper of cider still, for a moment, and then dished it into the kettle, sending the
t hen
1er for courage brave, courteous soldier and gentle-whom l had the pleasure of
Uf liait**. D"
llrll 11 un i liai I le I'lriurr
iu-lrallan War torre%|H»a»leal. lUr llixhl nulrrv Bayaarl 1 Hmge at «»•»
man
meeting »t Ürampan, and whose guest I hid I wen on several occasions, was the the hero >( the hour
figure of
looking, strong, active, think, about the only soldier, I hive seen who could wear an eyeglass and
She
hot bubbles flying squatted before the blase, pounding the glowing embers into a stream of sp irks. She then said lu au Impassive voice: "Silly Jimpson, jes' walk over t' yer half o’ the house, an* don't y or da at t’ darken my doors!" Cru-al I lu saw the hopelessness of her efforts and turned away crying.
She went across the dooryurd, and
"Sure enough ! Drusilty’s goln* V bile down older t'-day !" t hus spoke Crufiilltt Jimpson, standing on the big-pillared front poreh of her stately house, while she looked eastward to the chip-yard, where her twin sister, Druailla, was blazing an out-of-door fire, benmth a big, black Iron kettle.
"She an* me Is forty year old t'-day," went on Crusllla, "an* land o' Gosh in, I should think we might have some sort o' notice taken o't, if 'twa'-n't nothin' more than white sugar on slapjacks I She wouldn't stop a-bllin* down cider ef 'twas V be buried 1"
iHI 114 llll.
A. G. Hales, In a letter to London Daily News from Ihabanvhu gives the following leuiarkable >l«s.
He is a fine
man, well set up, good-
u
He was, 1 (hem the crimson path to duty was to
lead them no more. The noble heart that beat so true to honour’s highest In age he looked about mu** was not stilled, but a bullet
mUsing the brain had closed hU eyes the for ever to God's sunlight, leaving bun to go through life in darkness and they mourned fur him as they bad mourned for noble, wbile-souled me later on, Waurh- pe, whose prototype he was^ On this fateful day Cap- They knew that many a long, long
year would roll away before their eyes would rest upon his like again In camp or bloody field. Hut it gladdened their stern Nvurrior heals to know
crip tion
When, a few months igo, 1 stood up-the veldt, almost within the shadow of the frowning brow of Mugersfon-
teln’s surly bright#, and looked ip°n	_ ..	.
the cold, eternfare. of Scotland , dead. grave of gallant young Hu,Mart, an and listened to the weirdwai Mg of the Australian "middy' who lay buned
bagp.pea, whilst Cronjs gased tri- on the veldt, but the Boer, collected umphantly down from hr, in icoeasible that portrait from mountain etronghold upon hi. bandl- worse luck
work, I knew in my .oui that a day	tain Towse, with about fifty of the
would dawn when Scotland would do-	Gordon, got .solated from the main
mend an eve for an eye. blood for	body of British troops, and the Boer.,
blood. 1 rend it written on the face,	with ,hat marvellous .extent, for
of the men who strode with martial	which the, are becoming famous,
tread round the last .ad resting place	sUed up the position, and determined
of him they loved-their chief, the upon a capture
dauntless General Wauchope. Yen.	of the nature of the lion the, bad
geuuce .poke in the sombre fire that	snared in their toils. With full, two
blazed in every Scotchman's eye. He.	hundred and fifty men they closed in
tributiou was carved large and deep	on the little band of kilted men. end
on every h.rd-aet Scottish face, it	In triumphant tones called upon them
spoke in silent eloquence in the grip	to throw down their arms and sur-
uf each bird browned hand on rifle	render. It was a picture to warm an
barrel.; it found a mute echo In each	artist's heart. On all sides rose the
knitted brow, and leapt to life in ever,	beak, black k >pj*e, ridge ou ridge,
deepdrawn breath; it sparkled in each	a. iub '.get able a. a watch dog's
tear that rolled unheeded and un-	growl. On one baud the little band
checked down warmerrred che Its, and	of Highlanders, the picturesque col-
thundered in the echo of the men's Jours of their clan showing in kilt and tread across the veldt right up to stocking, perfect in all their appoint-
Cronje's lines, as they marched camp-	I I NNjM
wards. The Highland Brigade hid flawless as in their leadership, en you a wearisome time to make up	upon jw J)W ^ ..either time, .tar such leader, a. he
your mind."	„„r cbailge nor thought of home or them there so calm and steady, their
Earl, the	next	morning	Cru.illa	wj/< o( ,Uping bdbVi wuuld wi,,6 the	forebears had hurled back the cbiv.
took her way to	Dru,ilia's	part of	the	m<,m'ory o( ,hlt sight awa). uutil the	airy uf trance and had tamed the
house.	She	found	the	side door	un-	bayouet8. rulhless thrust gave Scot-	Muscovite pride, and they were soon
locked and went in. She called herlland quittBnce ju the, ricb, red blood to prove themselves men worthy of sister's name Into the empty, echoing o( ,h(He who did that deed.	their captain.
silence to get no reply. Looking ThiU hour has come. The men who Ou iho other aide rose the superior about	and finding	no	trace	of Deu-	aleep iu soldiers’ graves beside the	numbers of the Boers. A wild and
ailla.	Crusilla	walked	through	the	wii|0w-clad bank- of the Modder River	motley orew they looked compared to
Boys
not lose by it forty. 1 remember snapping a photo of him at he was "tidying up'
ou
pissing through a post gateway, entered an old apple orchard. Crusilla looked a little way Up the country road at a bit of valley and high hill, slipped from her lap to the ground. Coming over the brow of the bill was The man paused, looked at the letter.
She's je#' possessed I
picked it up and read it. Then bonding over the lonely figure, he said in a gentle voice, "Silly !"
She looked up. Yes—no—yes—was it Eneas la scorn # The man spoke again. "Silly—Miss Jimpson—Confound it all —Silly," and a smile broke over his fine, bearded face. Then he added, "You hive kept my letter all those years—after all you must love me a little!" "Eneas," she replied, "l have just got your letter, and "1 don't understand," he interrupted. "Anyway, Silly, you have kept the appointment, though the time is a little off, but I'm ready "You, Eneasf" and Crusilla sprang sharply to her feet. "Where's your wife f"
an old, rotten, rattling buggy drawn by a white horse, the animal's despondent head fairly stooped to (he
The man in the buggy was
i
Crusilla was dressed in a lilac brocaded silk, out low in the neck, and
ground
bending forward# slapping the horse
•loping shoulders hid beneath a filmy witjj (be toose ends of the reins, lace kerchief
that the last sight he ever gazed upom was Scotland sweeping on her foes.
And when our noble Queen shall place upon his breast the cross which ia the soldier's diadem, their heart# will throb in unhon with his, for their strong hands on that May day helped him to win whtit he Is so fit to wear ; and when our Sovereign honours him she honours them, and well they know it. And when the years have rolled away, and they are old and grey, and spent with wound# and toll, fit for nothing but to dandle little g rand babes on their knees, young men and maids will flock around, and pointing out the veteran to the curious stranger say with! honest pride, "He was with Towse th# day he won I he cross."
The sleeves of her
"There—yes," said Crusilla, "ez sure ez I'm born, there's Life Appleyard wonder----"
They little dreamt
quaint gown hung loose and flowing over full muslin under-sleeves, finished at the bottom with a close band, and a broad frill of lave drooping over her delicate hands. The tight bodice of her gown set off her slender waist to advantage, Its slightness accentuated by a double overskirt, flowing airily over a big hoop.
A cloud flitted across the sun and Crusilla shrank, as she sensed what Drusilla's judgment would be of ber dress and actions. Painfully she remembered her motherless childbed and the death of her father some 20 years before. Then Drusilla had taken to herself one side of the big square house and assigned Crusilla the other side. "1 sha'n’t take nothin’ thit don't b'long t’ me," she had said, "an* I'll hold t* that ef I'm hung for t."
So strict was her division, that as a finality, finding an odd suit which had belonged to her father, she cut coat, vest and trousers exactly lengthwise In half. She drew a heavy white chalk line through the exact middle center of the oil-cloth covered floor of the front bail, and fixed the stairway beyond use by shutting it off at the foot with a strip of wire netting, such as she used about her chicken yards.
The house h d separate side wings and doors and back stairs, which each could have to herself. At the farther end of the long, big hall was a small room in which Drusilla and Crusilla had kept their playthings when children, and as they had grown older, other choice possessions hut found their way therein. At the great division. Drusilla had pulled down the curtain over the one window, and locking the door had said, "I’ll throw the key in the well 1 Satan hisself couldn't divide the things, an' 'tis an odd room anyway, an' there won't either on us have it."
When the Silly twins, as they wore universally called, were young Drusilla in her dark way had been equally ss attractive as Crusilla was in her light. But now, as Drusilla moved about in the blue smoko of the wood fire, she looked, with her bent figure, her tattered bombazine gown, her old saffron, copperas dyed flannel petticoat pinned over her shoulders. and her elf-locks straying from . beneath a red bandanna knotted about her head, like a veritable witch.
Crusilla'# half of the house had been kept painted white and in the best of repair, while Drusllla's half, since the great division, had not been touched and was a gloomy sight, with its broken blinds and flapping clapboards. Crusilla now took her way carefully over the rotten floor and steps of Drusilla'» half, and as she reached her sister, who stood with her back to her, she found her talking t* herself.
I
lhe old mm in the buggy gayly waved a crutch toward Crusilla, shouting with a cracked voice "H-o-l-d o-n. Silly ! ll-o-l-d o-n 1" Then with a flap, flap of heavy hoofs the team reached the other aide of the fence from Crusilla. The old horse stopped and went to cropping the grass, while Life put his crutch to the ground, and swung himself to the earth with a mort of gyrating jig, in which were joined i bunched-up, old umbrell i, a broad-brimmed straw hit, a warty bundle of cloth, a bunch of dried pennyroyal and a faded flag of the Union, all of whi« h were dangling from their fastenings in the buttonholes of an old army coat which he wore.
#s
99
"Here she is," he replied, crushing Crusilla in his arms and giving her a rousing smack. "Silly, I've never been married, and I must say it's tak-

4 but now ht) re so absolutely
In-
who held
HAVEN'T HEARD OF THE WAR.
People it ho Are leu l eer» Behind I he
Time* ml H»|ikiy.
With hundreds of thuuAands of men ait peril of their lives in South Afrl-os, the news from the front occupy* ing three-fifths of every newspaper, it seems hard to conceive of any intelligent being who hasn’t heard ol the war. Hut there are plenty.
In fact, there are whole communities in Britain—.small, but still communities—that knew nothing of the Empire'.* struggle till quite lately. It ts only last week that a stranger entered a small hamlet in East Cumberland, and broached the subject of the war, to find that not a soul in the pi aw had heard of it. There were only fourteen souls altogether, eight of til era grown up, but it is extraordinary that even so few should bo so vastly Ignorant. The inhabitants are mostly shepherds and pig owners and it is their boast that hardly one newspaper a year enters the hamlet, which is eight miles from the nearest village, and that not a single letter has ever arrived there during its history.
Isolated cases of people who "don't know " are pretty frequent, even la England. In the wilder parts of Ireland and Scotland, there are plen'yof the tjueen's subjects who do not know we are pounding the Doers. This is s little surprising to the average citizen who, by this time has a feeling that we have si ways been at war. and always shall be, so fall of it is the air. One must remember, that hundreds of people have never heard of Africa.
Abroad there are widiets people who know nothing of England's conflict ; but in some parts, nctobly the South American Republics, there are entire countries, who haven't yet got the news. If you were to ask the average Chilian, or Peruvian, drinking bitter coffee outside his dwelling, when he thought the war would end, he would have no notion what you were talking about, and would tell you he did not know it had begun. But the chief Chilian paper, the Libcrtad, did get hold of the news the other day. and spread it abroad. But only the paper’s few subscribers and their friends known, and many a Peruvian now
lie grinned at Crusilla, took off his old muskrat cap, and peering inside said, "Silly, a letter fur yer. But by the sufferiu mackerel, I hope 'tain't nothin’ t' hurry 'bout, fur the dog gonad letter ez *20 year old ef 'tis a day."
"W h .t Î" slid Crusill i, fingering the gold beads at her throat. "Jim Primus, don't tell me yer be n Tot tin' on this letter," said Life, passing out a yellow, aged envelope. "Old Joe Folly died t'other day. an’ seems he wuz postmaster some 20 years ago or S ', in' h>* got queer toward the end, an' t hi owed the letters that come in, when he took a notion on't, inter his garret. Now lie's dead—his house looks like a hog-pen—lived alone— Well, I'm carry in' ruuu' them ar' old letters, sich ez we can make out. 1 come lickety-larrick with this one fur yer. Got a flag on't ! Hain't seen one o' them letters sense the war o' Left tny leg in Georgy, yer know -sometimes dream 'bout the durned old leg."
In the meantime he was turning the letter over and over in his hand. Crusilla tremblingly took the missive, half fearing to touch whit seemed like a message from the dead. Life tumbled into the wagon and whacking the old horse with gathered-up reins rode away.
Crusilla crushed the letter in her hand and then hid It within her bos-
dusty, darkened rooms of the main & house, until she came at list to the uot i^u paid in full, the interest ow. stood side by side with old men; lads lower front hall. Here she discov- jng OÛ (b*it bond of blood hasu least braced themselves shoulder to should, ered something like a fool-marking novv i^.q handed in. It was not paid der with men in their man hood's upon the constantly renewed chalk by our colonial sons ; not from A us- prime line. She followed the uncertain tralian or Canadian hands did the •< ub- mure ragged shirt fronts tracing to the hall door of the little born Boors receive the debt we owed, weiv many hearts behind those legend room, which was ajar. Tiptoe- They were not Irish hearts that clear, gel garments, hearts that beat high ing, she stole within. A ray of morn- ed old Scotland's legacy of bute on with love ing, through a gap In the curtain, that May day amidst the African hills, be u n showed Drusilla in all her old rags, [It was not England's yeoman sons who the hour of peril. Their rifles lay in sitting in a child's low chair, near t he did that deed, hut men whose feet hands steady and strong. The Boer center of the room Crusilla came to were native to the heather, men on was f ice to face with the Briton ; her side, pressed her cheek against whu.se tongues the Scottish burr clung t he numbers lay on the side of the the gray, disordered hair, and look- lovingly — the bare-legged, ing down upon Drusllla's face she saw "boys" whom the lasses in the High- Briton it shining in purest light, a wonder- lands love, ihe gallant Gordons, ful, unearthly luminosity, making her Let the tale be told in Edinburgh
been avenged. Or, if the debt h is the gem of Britain's
army
ave
rigged beards fell on still
But there
of homo and country,
that seldom quailed in
killed Boer, but the biyouet was with the
CHARGE GORDONS 1 CHARGE 1"
Throw up your hands and surren-beautiful with the strange, spiritual Town; let it ring along the Border; der." The language was English, but
let the I ns a*	she bi Is the widow's	the cent wss	Dutch, x moment,an
In Drusllla's h ind	was	held	an old	hair whisper the story with love-kissed	awful second of time, the rifle	bar-
daguerreotype of Crusilla	and	Eneas,	breath; let the	lads as they come from	rel* gleamed	coldly towards	that
which Crusilla had	lost	many years	(heir daily toil	throw out their chests	little group of	men, who stool	their
"Poor	for the sake of	their breeding; let the	ground as pine	trees stand on	their
Bonnie Scotland.
beauty of death.
61.
Crusilla understood
before.
Dr usa," she	said,	"so	you	loved Eneas!	pessimist turn up the	faded page of	mountain sides in
And I	shall	keep	your	secret	and	the	history, written when	the world was	Then out on the African air	there
young, and find, if he	can, a grander	rang a voice, proud,	clear, and	high
deed done by ihe sons of men since the	as clarion note, "Fix	bayonets,	Gor-
old picture shill be buried with you."
L-ke lightning (he strong hands gripped the ready steel ; the
morning stars sung together.
BAITING THE BOBU WEASEL
So to my tale. It was the 1st of bayonets went home to the barrel May. Wo had the Boers hard pressed as the lips of lover to lover, in Th ibanchu in a run of kopjtvs spoke from the Boer lines, and m*»n that reached in almost unbroken se- reeled a pace from the British and quence farther than a man’s eye fell, and lay where they fell. Again might reach. The flying French was that voice with the Scottish burr on
don' r
VIOLENT DEATHS.
They Trrmlnnleit Hip l'urrer» of Numerous
scotch sovereign*.
Rifles
i
She then hurried through the
oui
Taking the ^eigu of Duncan as the beginning of iut iient ic Scotch history 14 sovereigns out of the 25 lbefore the union of the crown with England, died violent deaths. Duncan, who began to reign in 1034, was murdered t>y Macbeth, who was in turn murdered by his successor, Malcolm Can-more, placed by some as the first real King of Scotland Malcolm was slain while besieging Alnwiok ; Duncan II. was murdered ; A exander II. died of fatigue and worry twhile mustering his fleet at Oban ; Alexander HI. fell over the cliffs at Kinghorn* Margaret the Maid of Norway was drowned at sea; Robert 111. died of broken heart ; James I. was murdered by his subjects ; James II. was killed by a cannon bursting at Roxburgh ; James 111. was stabbed by an assassin after the battle of Sauchie-biLiu; James IV. was killed by the English at the battle of Flodden ; James V. died of exhaustion and fever after the battle of Fa la Moss and Mary Queen of Scots was beheaded in 1687. Scottish annals before the time of Macbeth, li>30, are conflicting in character, and historians, regard them at in great measure legendary. The evidence of the early chronicles suggests the strong probability that a targe number of the earlier Scottish
met with violent deaths.
apple orchard, across a hillocky field into a little foot pith leading into a wood
Here she came to a clear, running brook, and, crouching, made a cup of her hand and drank slowly to moisten her parched mouth and lips
through a gap in a tumble-down stone wall into a graveyard. In the shelter of the wall grew clumps of tansy, which Crusilla gathered in big bunches, pressing the bitterly fragrant leaves to her face.
with us, chafing like a leashed grey- every note, "Charge, Gordons! hound because he could not swe p Charge!” and the dauntless Scotch-, all before him with one impetuous man rushed on at the head of his fiery rush. Bundle, too, was here, with his few. The Boer’s heart Is a brave haughty, handsome face, as keen as heart, and he who calls them cowards French, but with a better grip on his lies; but never before had they faced feelings. Six thousand of the foe, un- so grim a charge, never before had der Louis Botha, cool, crafy, long- they seen a torrent of steel advanc-heided, resourceful, have held the ing on their lines in front of a tor-kopjes. Again and again we man- nado of flash and blood. On rushed
She then rose and passed
oeuvred to trap them but no wolf in the Scots, on over fallen comrades, [ winter is more wary than Botha, no on over rocki and clefts, on to the weasels more watchful thin the men rank"* of the foe, and onward through he commanded. V hen we advanced them, sweeping them down as I have i they fell back, when we fell back they seen wild horses sweep through a advanced, until the merest tyro

"Twenty years ago," she said, "dear old dad lay dead, and I picked the tansy to place about him in his coffin. Twenty years ago." She wandered in and out among the irregular headstones, many of them black and sunken, until she finally lagged her steps into a poplar walk, and at the head of a long path crouched by her father’s and mother’s grave.
She sat still till the bright morning turned to gray afternoon. Then finally she drew the letter from her bosom and tried to make out the half-discernable direction. She picked up a sharp stone and twisted and fretted a hole in the earth of her father’s grave. "I’ll bury it," she said. eTH never read it."
"Drusllla’s happy," thought Crusilla. Drusilla, like the click of a look, snapped herself about and screamed with embittered eagerness;
"Silly Jimpson, yer alius was a fool, an' yer grow fooler an’ fooler. What yer all ragged.out fur ? Think yer twittery, an' ain’t out o’ the runnin' ylt î Ce n’t pick me fur a green gander. S’pose yer think men ez a sort
o' cherubim er seraphim. Won't no man tree me, nor a whole caboodle o’ men! An’ law, what yer crawlin’ rouu ’arter me fur? Cut my head off afore I’d crawl !”
Crusilla felt encouraged that Drusilla was so lively; she was quite like her old self. "Silly,” she said in a gentle voice, "'tis our birthday!"
"Shucks!” replied Drusilla. "Thirty days has September, April, June and November. Well, I wuz born two minutes afore midnight on the last day o’. September, an' yer wuz born two minutes arter midnight.
Ter birthday ez in October. We ain't cup an' sasser by a long shot.
Birthdays—who cares—ain’t half baked. I'm failin' down cider. • T’night •e the fulliv o’ the moon, an I’ll git It failed dow* mo ’twon't all bile away.
I wouldn't «top ef Gabriel should •mind his trumpet. Cider’s money.”
"Ob, Silly, dear,” went on Crusilla In a sweet voice, "won't yer oome in in’ eat suppe# with met I'll have iet-ap dried beef with milk, an I’ve and when she had coquettishly put
a
in field of ripening corn. The bayonet»
the art of war could see that a front- ,hi sed as they crashed through breast- j joung will live to a good old age and al attack unless made Ln almost hope- bone and backbone. Vainly the Boer die without ever healing of the Angle less positions was impossible.
So	club!fed his rifle and smote back. As	Boer	war	of	1899-1900.	News is not »
thvir	right	well might the wild goat mi ike	with	strong	point	m	those	parts,
fldtik, ten miles north of Thabanchn, puny hoofs ben th# tiger springs, and	gave	them	a	taste	of his	skill	Nothing could stay the fury of	that
and	daring,	whilst	Bundle h Id	their	desperate rush
main body here
Hamilton swept round
COSTLY WEHELS
Di you sneer at the at Thabanchu Boers I Th« n sneer at half the amie» Bundle made a feint on their centre of Europe, for never yet have Scot-in strong force, and they closed in laud's sons been driven buck when
from bo' b flanks to resist him. Then once they reached a foe to smite, he drew off us if fearing the issue
It Is «aid that Queen Murgherita ha# the most beautiful bicycle in the The wheels are of gold, and
world
the frame is richly inlaid with jewel# and mother-of-pearl.
Lady Dudley, one of the famous beauties of England, has a white he enameled wheel, the handles qfc which t
• How do they charge, these hare-legged sons of Scotia ? Go ask the bills of Afghanistan, and if there I tongues within them they will tell you that they sweep like hosts from hell. Ask in sneering Paris, and the red records of Waterloo will give you answer. Ask in St. Petersburg, and from Sebastopol your answer will come. They thought of the dreary morning hours of Magersfontein, and they smote the steel downwards | through the neck into the liver. They thought of the row of comrades in the graves beside thu Modder, and they gave the Boer# the "haymaker'# lift,' and tossed the dead body behind them. They thought of gallant Wauchope riddled with lead, and they wnt the cold steel, with «I horrible crath, through skull and brain, leaving the face a thing to make friend#
They thought of Scotland,
This drew the Boers in, and they pounded our camp with shells until on# wondered whether the German-made rubbish they used would last them much longer. Then we threat, ened their left flank quickly and sharply, giving Hamilton time to strike on their right, and he struck without erring, whipping the enemy at every point he touched, driving them out of their positions, and holding them firmly himself, so threatening their rear anil the immense herds of sheep and oxen they have with them, making a footing for the British to move on and cut Botha off from his base at Kroonstad.
But she hesitated, then took her brooch from her kerchief and tore the letter open at one end with the pin. Slowly she drew forth the folded sheet and flatted it out, aud she read: "Dear Silly, meet me Thursday evening in the long graveyard walk. I will be there by sunset. When I see you, pretty one, in the poplar path, I shall know it means yes." Then followed a name faded past deciphering. The letter was dated 20 years before. The graveyard walk—the poplar pith •-the very spot where she was now sitting.
She herself hid walked there with Eneas Bascorn, a likely young man, and the writer of this belated letter. Here he bid proposed for her hind.
sovereigns From thfi reign of Eugenius I, w ho
in 8f>7 wtip sJuin in battle by Maxi-the Human General, no fewer
are of ivory.
VOLUNTEERED HIS SERVICE. Did you dig up your flower garden Did you dig up your flower garden in the spring?
No, my neighbor's dog attended 2# that.
mus
t hp n BK (Mil of 46 are said to have died by violence in the various forms of assassination—drowning, poisoning


or suicide.
SORROWS HELP.
Sorrows may crush you if you let thean fall mi you wrongly, but if you bend a little they fall on the earth and pack the soil more firmly about your roots, give you a betted hold on earth, and a firmer lifting of being toward the upper heavens. If a branch is lopped off perhaps it will help you grow more symmetrical. Pruning and thinning of fruit make the rest of
PROOF POSITIVE.
Do you know. I never dreamed ski was a trained nurse.
How did you find It out* .
Saw her bill.	I
THE GORDONS SURROUNDED.
Whether he will now stand his ground and fight or make a break for the main army of the Boers is hard to calculate, for the Boer gen- shudder.
SUPPOSITIONS. '
What's the els# df Morocco # etsa$
Ing army!
About 26,00 Moor or less, I
f
1
v#
i

»
i
+

###PAGE###7###




ft
UNREQUITED LOVE.
needm be in much a dime am him, whore "No. never. Wbnt worn It, who warn nature, injuste noverca, has been mo |tt” unkind
ntinued Verner. “1 will be rcwponmL ble fur ibo child'* training; and 1 pledge myself that education shall conquer evil Instinotm, if there ia anything evil in that young character.’*
Lady La*hmar pushed the aiguillent no further.
"I must go and put on my bonnet," she maid ruiher shortly; "1 havem|stell round of tiresome calls to make. I leave you to your beloved Plato.”
in called, of AahintL "Fetlmhlsm.**
r
SOME FACTS ABOUT KUMASSI
\
t
BHja an authority, "Implies belief in
Do not fear the result,H
Litdimnr sealed up the sheets of tindery p per in n In rsrr envelope and
subscribed I o n-fully "Hurried p p
cru fourni in (joId wood's « i«h hoi.” with the phi ce arid date. He clean-
1 In H.une «,f lin- A-h«inil flnrrlon -Thflr
Horrible Orirtc*.
Three time h ? th ‘tm bu ent war* riorH of Ashmti come into conflict with the British begun In 1807, and did not terminate till 18.fi, by which 11 me the Ashantis
wen -iliren Ini -nd
Dutch forts having t>*en transferred to Great Britain, trouble again arose th- King fearing that he would be cut off from access to the sea.
The present Comma nder-in-Chlef
i
the Incorporation of s spirit In some object chosen as a fetish, either by a simple act of spontaneous choice, or through a m-igicai operation. The latter is much more wide-spread-than the former, and obviously présupposée a belief in animism


i
§
1 he first campaign
*»»» 6
BY MISS M E. BRADDON
CHAPTER V.—Continued
ed up fh«* cash box and put the immature and t be papers back Into it, locked It and tied the k»*y to tbe bundle, then wrote a label, "Tbi* box m
came of ag«
The man had taught
Mother," said the boy, coming hie pupil all the could teach. He was closer to her and lowering hie voice, ’ receiving two hundred a year for do "do you know some of the fellows here Ing nothing. But when those views of have told me that I should be a fool her* were made known to Laihrnar he to work, because I must be lord Lush. Informed her that he meant Gabriel mar before I a in many years older. Verner to end his days at the castle.
Poor La«h has such shocking bad "Verner is too old to go among new ben It h, don’t you know, and it Isn’t (faces or to learn new habits,’’ he said; likely he'll last long."	("he will be very useful to me as a 6lella B >ldwood was almost entirely
"Whoever taught you to think you librarian and secretary. He can take ^appy.	lived in a world whore
will he Lord Lushmur is your worst care of my books and write my bus! enemy," maid his mother severely, j ness letters.’'
•‘I>ishmar suffers a martyrdom from "
neuralgia, poor fallow, but there is than one of those peacocks, nothing organically wrong. Sir XViL ladyship.
Ham Spenser told him that he may live to be an old man."
;
Any object may become a fetish, provld&d wily It is capable of being appropriated literally ’ Sut b objecte as flints, shells, ola we,
In 1873, the
I
l
Hold wood's prcperty. I he only lining h. \ e-1 from her fa'ber's lodgings
i
i
or metaphorically by an Individual, feathers, earth, salt, plants, inarm. factured articles, anything peculiar, or unknown, or not understood, trees, streams, rocks, and even certain animals
di vidua le, to families, and to tribes, arid it is even not unusual to see them
II»* put the box in a forked book « i s e wijf»re he keipt some of bis For six yeara of young, fresh life most valuable books.
i


*
t
IL h i - Garnet Wolselej wa» sent
The
I
i
out to quell the disturbance h indfui of British bayonets forced its way to the centre of the kingdom, i There was dtv*penile fighting at Arn-
t
I
VlfAPTEH VI
Fetishes are attached to In-
all thing* were new to the dweller in
I
It was Midsummer day, and Stella was eleven years old. L tdy La*fain London, Victorian was at
the tents of the people
un actual
l
oaful, in which t h«* British foices -uf
IN- Ii-is m, mor, i.len of buiineM world ,,f	end lu*ory whi,h
said her knew no change; a world of thought
( who e horizon widened with every d y
of her existence Fiducation to Stella
4Jxifi Hflglment beaten and kicked as a warsing wheS md 106 they bave failed to bring the 1 in cl*
Even in the
¦
mu w
Oxford
LiMlimar and his protege had their lit tip w oild II to themadves. save for their devoted slave, Gabriel Verner.
fared heavily, the alone lotting nine officers men in killed and wounded.
\
'
that was expected
It took
. '
For lunate)»
I have. 1 can a In
crooked tux pence, and in the luck tokens of our gu masters, t haï a is something more than an analogy to the 1 he fit y fetish of the savage."
The Ashanti people are not exact-
They have the
fiv.* days' hard fighting before tbe troops under Sir Garnet Wol.se le y won th«ir way into Kumassl was immediately burned and the king was forced to pay a heavy indemnity.
A threatened attack
way us sunlight to the flowers or
I
w;iy* tell i» ni v h 11 to mu v
80 Gabriel Verner stayed, u qunint SPrin«l,me to lhe bir,bl-
La ebmsr taught hie pupil history
in n series of narrations, beginning
w ii h t h ' B ble stories of th it far-av ay
patriarchal world in which good men
"I’m glad to bear of it," said the boy "for I'm very fond of old Lash. Aa for ®hl figure, with shoulders so bent and
f
Lord Li lunar generally breakfasted I in In1- mi utly when her ladyship was a way, and at such periods Vrerner and S'ell a always breakfasted with
dwelt under (be personal protection b,m' She w:l3 w"b hi,n ,hie mora-ot their God, holding con,tun, .on- n« ‘m,ud ,n 'be recita,fon ot hPr verse with heaven, and working flrBt Urvtik vcrt- Stella ,e»ealed *‘fr gradually downward through the i	ilh	inDUm'-n,blti U‘D8e w‘ b
dark mystery of Egypt to the fair'""? (hw m,sl,k"8' ,1Dd won a ktudly
dawn of Greece. And Stella loved word of "l'P'OVttl ,rom Cashmar.
to hear of these fair myths of a world	"Moet	IUUe	«'tls	il1 >0U1 ,1*e would
that is dead. In the boat bem-ath th»	be learn,n8 French	instead ot Greek,"
willow, on eullriest Summer after- be s,lld- "but as lbf,re is Both,n* m noons, or be.ide the Winter fire, be- lhe Fre,,,'h laogauge equal to Umuer
twixt afternoon tea and the eight or Pli,t0- 1 wuuld rn,ber sbuuld o clock dinner, Stella's education wa. lMrB |Ureel< 11,81 and Frcul b a,ier" always going on—an education of WBrds-
legend and history, poetry and fact:	They	w.e.t	in	to breakfaai to
Gabriel Verner took the child in hand	8ftlier"	Tb"	tobl*	wa“ bri»bl ",tb
flowers, oki English silver and old
English! silver and old English china.
Stella gave a cry of surprise and rap-1
lure as she took her seat. Under
i
working, well 1 don’t like work, who | rounded by stooping over hooks that (lit*»« * But* 1 always try to lie top of he too seemed a hunchback. Grndu-tlii' tree everywhere, and 1 shall try to “By Lady I.a lunar had become resign-be top uf the tree at St. Stephen’s by- e,l to tin idea that he was to end hia and-by. I shall go in for aristocratic ^“If* at Lashmar. She even knitted fidicaUsm.,e
“Victorian !’’
ly dreams of beauty well-known thick lips, and flat ru.«e of the Wset Coast African, and their Prempch in the year 1*91, on a tribe figures run too much to flesh below
under British protection, caused the the belt for perfect grace
despatch of an ultimatum warning woni“n haw a funny habit of carry*
in g t heir children on t heir hips. Tbs superstition of the Ashantis Is the greatest bar to their civilization.
by King
l
I
The
warm comforters for him, which he
cried her ladyship, to wear, and apeak of with reverence as
him not to enter British territory and suggesting that a Resident should take up hia abode in the capital. No satisfactory reply could be obtained, so a force under Sir Francis Scott was despatched to compel the obstinate savage to comply with their demands. » The troops entered Kumassi without opposition in January, 1896. and the king was made prisoner.
Kuinissi is a city built upon a hill, and is four miles lri circumference. The "houses" are merely wattle-and-clay huts, with roofs of palm leaves.
The place will ever be shamefully famous as the scene of
THE HORRIBLE ORGIES
her ladyship's little atten-
frowing pale with horror.
“There’s no one succeed* better than ^one
NOT WOMAN’S WORK
It was to Gabriel Verner that Lady
your swell Rad
Look at Maupertius Who has got the ear L'sbmar now turned for sympathy
Father. Where ts your mother, Jonnyf
Johnny. She s out in the back yard w httthng.
Father. ArP you sure she Is whittk*
for instance
of the House half so well as hje baa# I ^be joined him on the terrace that shall go in for the kind of gose.pl that afternoon while he was taking his poor l<*ggar Bold wood preached so e o- constitutional walk.
My dear Mr. Verner, how well you
quently ; only 1 shall be as mild us Maupertius, don't you know, uud 1 are looking I 'cried her ladyship, "ever ? hill be th* wit of the House. Nothing much tietter than when 1 left the tells like xv it."
But wit is one of the few things that cannot he learnt," said the mother. “A man cannot be either a tenor singer or a wit for the wish-
ing?
Johnny, Yes. sir she» trying ta sbfirpen n lead pencil.
castle."
“1 think it must I* because I hive
for an hour every morning. He taught her to read and write and cipher. All the rest was learnt at Labhuiai’tt knee.
A ad thus, la lhe lap U luxury. I.e- be' t°l(,ed naI>kin iaï " 8l,tter,nF
golden watch- with a slender chain
coiled round it like a serpent
buck of t be watch was enameled, and
been more in the open air,'1 replied the old min. unconsciously answering just as Laehmtir had answered ; "his lordship and I have t>een «pending our days on the river during the late glorious weather; we have taken our books and our luncheon—".
"And hi.- 1 >nhhipVlatest plaything— that horrid child," interrupted Lady
Laxhwar.
GLAD OK HIS CRIME.
J>en r mel she said, I wonder whs# has become of that household journuL
He didn't say a word.
There was another recipe in it tha# I wanted to try.
IJe smiled, for now he was assured that be had done wisely when be burned it up.
mg
loved find cherished, donuth.a Hold
of hum.fn blood in which, under the guise of "sacrifices," the drunken tyrants who successively occupied the "golden stool" used to indulge.
It was one of the fetish men under whom th»* ghastly ceremonies are carried out that was the fount of all the present trouble. He worked upon a Thu*e seeds native chief while ;ht* latter was drunk, and succeed» d in ruu-ing in Will often die, despite a.I c.iro ; him a spirit of disaffection. 'I he fetish- While seeds t wixt bricks, in sterile m i » is the outward and visible sign
We shall see," answered Victorian,
If I go into the House
The
wood's daughter arrived at her elev entb birthday. She had remembered her tin hday, young a.s she was. This I 0,1 dark child with Lhe « tar-like eyes had j sui mounted by h begun life upon Midsummer day br i liants.
I can assure your ladyship that L i.-Linar questioned her sometimes’ Ob, whit a beautiful vahhl fchfj> the little girl is a must amenable about Ler earliest experiences. lie child, and a very interesting com- asked her if her father had ever told
panion. I never saw so young an her anything about her moth r, or |,n K*v*ng me my medicine when 1 am
ill that I am sure you know
confidently it will be to make the members laugh — with me, not at me, mother."
the enamel appeared the initial
star in small
T would have you full to the brim of ambition," said her ladyship kissing the broad, strong brow mind your being M*lf-oonfident — vain even—so long as you are earnest and Industrious."
OK FLORICULTURE.
we plant and cherish
I do not
cried; "whose is it? ’
"Yours, Stella. You are so precise
fair
intellect of such .scope and develop- of lis own life ment ; it induces me to think with
ihn was their parting interview. Mit) went buck to Middlasbire, and was cordially received by her stepson, "ho Wets at the station to meet her, testifying to that respect which was her due.
"I shouldn’t wonder if Mr William were right bve to be ninety,” «he said to herself, and then, with a high, she murmured, “Poor Victorian."
"How brown you have grown, Lash, mar,” she said, as they shook hands, "and bow well you are looking I”
"1 have not had one of my headaches since you left. 1 suppose it is because 1 have lived more out of doors than 1 used to do.”
Yes. Ho had told her that he was the value of time; so I thought you Aristotle that us in the young of some once a gentleman, that he was born would like to bave a timekeeper of
in a great house near the sea, far your own." hild	must	be sharp,	away on	the Scottish border.	He had	Stella ran to him	and	threw	her
her	told her	thit her mother was	beauti-	arms round his neck	and	kissed	him.
She	is	the child of	ful and ought to have been rich. This	"How good you aie	to m'-l You are
The child	was all	that Lash mar could	obtain | always giving me pretty	things.	Hut
a watch! I never thought I should were employed only in doing mischief. After uII. the past history of Joua- | have a watch, like a grown-up per-1 am not surprised that you should than Bold wood could matter very eon!”
think the child clever. A few years little. O ily oue relic of the dead man "You are more thoughtful and more hence >he shall tie a great deal too h id been saved from the fire. A | ex ict than many grown-up persons, clever fur any of us—a source of un- | small, tin cash box, with the initials Stella. You deserve to own a watch.*'
of the peculiar religion, if it may be Take root and thrive to beat the bantL
of the lower mammals the—
Of course (hr c
Great Cures Brought About
cunning, old fashioned,” said lady.-hip quickly sedition and free thought of a man whose intellectual powers by bis questioning
lie looks as if be might
By the Use of tho Famous Prescription of the Venerable Dr. A. W. Chase.
speakuhlc mischief—unless you, dear J B , had been found among the ashes Mr. Verner, can exercise, your and rubbish below that portion of the great influence over Lashmar ; for you gutted pile in which Bold wood s rooms have great influence over him, in y had been situated. It was identified
To be Continued
H##e are reported three cases in i—"This i* to certify that I was sick which Dr. Chase's fa unify remedies ! in bed tb«- in ist of the time for three I proved a blessing id incalculable years with kidney disease. I took worth. There ire th inde of oth- several b xes of pil a -different kinds train —This window sticks so I can’t | era just as remarkable, for Dr. Chase, —and a great many other kinds of
through hia re pe book end home i nt med cines; besides that 1 was medicines, is the consulting physician under treatment by four different in the majority of homes in Canada doctors during fha lira and not able It 11 be all right | an,j the United States.	to work. I begin to take Dr. Chase'S
Kidney-Liver Fills, and since thaf time have been working every day Mr. Joseph Geroux, 22 Metcalf St., aIt bough a man nearly 70 y**ars of Ottawa, Ont., writes s—"I was ner Daughter—Papa. I wish you’d get I vous, hid headache and brain fag.
the New Universal International | was restless at night and could not
sleep. My appetite was poor, and I suffered from nervous dyspepsia. Little business cures worried and irritated me. After having used Dr.
Chase's Nerve Food for about two months, I can frankly say that I feel like a new man.
“My appetite is good. I rest and sleep well, and this treatment itrettgthened me wonderfully. Dr.
Chase's Nerve Food Pills are certainly “ef and the improvement continued
until there was complete cure. We
NOTHING SERIOUS
Sweltering Passenger, on railroad
dear sir; he positively adores you, and as his by a fellowrlodger and was
think' your book will revolutionize j ultimately Landed over to Lashmar, | get it up
loge her with the key found hang
“I should advise you always to live out of doors,” replied his step-mother.
She stood upon her balcony next morning wrapped in her dieting-gown, tasting the sweet freshness of the air that swept over woodland and meadow and rippled the wavelets of the river yonder. Fur away in the iom* garden—a quaint old quad?angle of turf and rose-trees hedged in with yew — she saw two figures — Lash-
Con duett or—Yea. Wood is swollen a
European thought
murmured the (ng on his steel watch-chain. Watch, little by the rain
chain and key were given up to Lash- in a few days.
"You are too kind
Aristqtleian meekly
"Yes, my dear Mr. Verner,” she bur- niir after the inquest. rien.1 on, "you must really bring your The contents of the casket were dls! superior bruin to bear upon poor nppoin in^. I conta ne J papers w hi ’h Lashmar. You must show him the the smoke h id blackened so as to Ye
danger involved in this fully of bis— utterly undecipherable. lhe original I Unabridged Encyclopaedia, complete the incubus he is preparing for him-	form was there, but reduced almost ! [n ninety-nine volumes,
seif in the future. What is he to do | to tinder. The matte*- had vanished | Father—Gee Whittaker ! Why do with this child by-and-by if she should	The only uninjured jbject was a
turn out badly ? And of course she will	miniature in a double gold case,
turn out badly. 1 have a profound	winch Lad belter resisted the action
belief in betelitury instinct.”	! of the fire than the ill-made metal
“And I,dear Lady Lashmar, have an	box The miniature was an old-
equally profound belief in education	fashioned painting upon ivory; the
Not for worlds would 1 thwart Lash,	portrait of a man in the prime of l,ife.
mar in this fancy of his. She inter-	A grave, sallow face, with large, dark
este, she amuses him, she takes him	eyes and a high, bold forehead. He
out of himself ; and think w hat a	showed Stella the picture and asked
blessing that self-for get fulness must it she had ever seen it before.
NERVOUS DYSPEPSIA.
THE USUAL REASON
' age. Di Chase's Kidney-Liver Fille 1 have cured me."
ECZEMA ON BABY.
me
Mrs. A. M< Knight, Kirkwall, Wellington Count y, Ont, w rites:—"i fr lit mv duty to let you know what Dr.
mar's and a little girl in a white frock
Chita ’s Ointment has done in a very bad case of eezcrni on our baby We had tried any number of cures without any permanent relief, but from hag the hour we commenced using Dr. Chase's O nt ment there was great re-
you want that?
Daughter—Because Clara Wayupp has one.
The child way flitting from
flower to flower
Lady Lashmar stood for a long time watching them.
Was there ever such an absurb in.
FROM HEAD TO FOOT.
Mrs. Nuozy. She has a full-length mirror in her boudoir. Whit do you think of that?
Mr. Noozy. Oh. woman-like, I suppose she wants,to see everything that’s going on.
h»* best 1 ever u*e<i, m l I say so be ause I want to give full credit wheru think it ihe greatest of family oint«
t is due."
fatuation?" she said to herself, contemptuously.
It was nearly a week later when >he met the child for the first time in the corridor
m*-nta."
Dr. A. W. Chase's portrait and signature are on every box of his gene-
Sold everywhere, Ed-Northumberland County, Ont., w rites: m mson, Hates & Co., Toronto.
KIDNEY DISEASE.
Mr. .Tames Simplon, Newcomb Mills, in#* remedies
Efoi ladyship laid her
hand upon the child’s shoulder and
bent down fo scrutinize her small fallow face.

%
N
'



"I shouldn't wonder if the creature were to grow up into a handsome woman
then the chiances are that Lashmar will marry her five—it will twelve or thirteen years before she is marriageable. And in the meantime she may hinder bis marrying any one else.”
"What is your name ?” she ahkud sternly.
"Stella,” answered the vh Id, looking up at her ladyship calmly.
"Stella! A fine theatrical name, upon my word. 1 suppose it was Lashmar who called you Stella.”
It was my daddy. He called me Do you know where be is?” nstwd the child, looking up eagerly.
In another instant the hard, bitter truth would have been spoken, had not Lashmar come out of the library close by and interrupted the conversation.


-TA0T*iy<^'N
,-YAMEN

ICE R
thought her ladyship, "and


%
*A

Let me see, she is

STATION*
A?

>e

eciT>
i
AÜ5ESAL



*V>	"


VILLAGE*
^CNUS6DANCCMtN6

Ml



vtUAN
m
s-nUTc-

'r*«c*
*
l>Sie

fllVEP
VI
filUTASV CAMS

6KU
;"*ÛAd5
QSR
?


4


Stella
l


tf}m%


s - V

GULF OF PECHIHU
DISTANCES
From Tien-Tsin to Tangku From Tangku to Tutai....
From Tien-Tsin to Pekin..
From Tangku to Chung Liang Cheng.................
From mouth of Pei-Ho River to the bar............
From Tien-Tsin railroad station to Yang Tsien bridge
27 miles 25 miles 79 miles miles 6 miles 17 miles
• • •

"So you have been talking to Stella,” he said cheerily. "Don’t you think she has improved in Betsy’s oare I”
"Oh, 1 like her to look pretty 1 There, you can run away, Stella. Run away and get your dinner, and come to me again at four o’clock for your reading lesson. Good-by till four.”
He stooped to kiss her and dismissed her with a smile.
Lady Lashmar felt the uselessness of argument with her step-eon- Her ladyship had wished to get rid of the •Id bookworm tutor when Lashmar
,4
MAP OF TIEN-TSIN AND DISTRICT, SHOWING RAILROADS AND TAKU FORTS.
The native city is walled in with stone, while around two-thirds of the outer city, including the French, English and German concessions, is a mud wall. The Pei-Ho River and the Grand Canal guard the outer city on the portion not inclosed within the mud wall.
The railroad from Tangku to Tien-Tsin is single tracked ; thence on to Pekin it is a double-tracked road. The mouth of the Pei-Ho River is guarded by mud forts. The bar will allow only vessels drawing less than 12 feet 6 inches to enter the river.
The international relief force passed along over the double-track beyond Tien-Tsin, repaired it they moved on to Pekin. The various villages, camps and roads
!
are marked.

:

.i
###PAGE###8###




#+ee+#+e+e+e+#+#+e+e+
10,000 People
I
LITTLE THINGS ALWAYS COUNT I
01 SUITS
ARE KNOWN BY THEIR FIT AND FINISH
Are to-day thinking of getting a new pair of shoes. There is no reason why they should not get them from us.
i
o
t
Our aim is to furnish customers with the best of everything in Tweeds and Linings. Oui-standard is quality, that being-in our opinion the most eloquent salesman. Prices are
always satisfactory.
Khaki,” (what the gentlemen ordered South wear) we have it. Call and see it.
“ Save the cents and the dollars will take care of themselves " —by always buying from us.....
Hundreds
a

*
Are to-day wearing our Shoes, but we are out for the thousands, and we want to win on the merits of our goods and value.
t
r%
6
i


m
E gg's
We submit the following for your consideration this week :

i
44
Will be taken in exchange for Boots and Shoes at the

!
IV|en’s Cloth Pants at R/|en’s Duck Pants at Mjen’s Duck Shirts Mens Silk Neckties Women's Cotton Hose
ALL STRAW GOODS AT COST PRICE I
$1.00
SHAWVILLE BOOT & SHOE STORE,
65
ALF. R. NJcGUIRE,
uTosm: roxmc house
«
M. G. STEWART.
60
L
I
15
NOXON
THE WAR.

5

\ l
SPECIAL SUNDAY EXCURSION
Victoria
London, July 4. Nothing decisive l ak yet been heard from the columns seeking .
I to hem in (leneral DeWet. All of L >r< | |/ Ho berth' field transport is encaged apparently in supplyir g these columns. (.Relations elsewhere are necessarily relaxed Une thousand Doers are hanging on («encrai Clery s right flank, in iiis advanct


Until further notice round trip ticket will be sold to all stations, good on Special
on	and ^Ê^KÊÊÊÊt^KM
t il following Monday at Class Dark.

BINDER
r
good returning un
Oxi: Simile Kihsi
B FT,, 5J FT. AND 0 FT. t VT.
Highest Drive Wheel Made. Brass Boxes.
Seventh Holler for Elevator.
X|1 the latest and best improvements.
Re Saturday and Sunday Night D. H. |
Trains.
Same will only stop at stations where time | to («reylingslad. Strathcoua a Uprise 01 is given on Time Canl show n below, ami July 1, teceived its baptism of tire, it. regular rates will apply.	which one trooper was killed. Captain
Cooper is reported as missing.
Herr Kruger, replying to a correepon dent at Machadorp, who inquired if there was any truth in the report that he had opened peace negotiations, wrote *—
“ The president a id people of the South African Republic most earnestly desire peace, but only upon two conditions : Tne complete independence of the Repub ic and amnesty for the colonial Doers who fought with us.”
“ If these conditions be not granted, we will tight to the titter end.”
Lord Roberts in order to check t! e operations of spies requir s that etery male over siA'efii yem of age shall be registered and shall carry a permit.
t
PORK.—A few good Hams at 9 cents per lb.
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION RY.
SPECIAL SUNDAY TIME TABLE
— AVSO-
SATURDAY & SUNDAY D. II. TRAINS
Taking effect Sat. May 19,10.30, P. M.
Twine

t
1
(
SiFi’lAL Sl’NPA \ TRAIN
sreriAL
.SUNDAY
TRAIN
Since advertising Binder Twine the manufacturers have reduced prices 1 cent per lb., and our customers get the benefit of this reduction.
STATIONS
1

Ar 7 •: p. m
10 00 A, M. Lv Aylmer, 10.15 10.20 10 81 103*
10.4«;
10.55
7.0(1
Breekenri.lge,
Eardley
Parker s Crossing Mohrs,
V iivoii.
Wyman»,
Bristol,
Mi Kees ShawvlUe
Clarkes
Campbells Ray Vinton Coulonge Mellons .Ar Waltham
i


i»
t


« 24 0.14 o OS
11 05
E. HODCINS & SON.
11.11

ll.lt»
%jV.


11.87
V' 1
•it

The
»»»
11.47
it
iiw
The Casualty List

11.58
12.14 P. M.
Oxford Clipper,
FRONT AND REAR CUP
^MOWERS#
Oh
12 SO
The War Office yesterday issued a return of the British casualties in South Africa since the beginning of the war. The total losses exclusive uf sick and wound-
I
4 : (i
Lv 4 40
s\Tvni»\>
n hill r
V M. TIM IN
'

t
11
12.40

I
1
SUNDAY NKIIIT D. H. TRAIN I
9.00 P. M. 9.40 10.06 10.20 10.30 10.63 11.18
i
It’s a Decided Fact
Ap 11.*0 P. M. |ed have hevu 2ff.7<K>, of which the killed
ii.it'
IV 40 10.25 10.15
Lv Aylmer Quvon Shaw ville Clarkes Campbells Bay Cuulonge Waltham
P. XV. RESSEMAN,
General Superintendent.
in action were 274 officers and 2,403 noncommissioned t flicers and men ; died « f wounds, 70 < tficers and CIO non commissioned officers and men ; missing and prisoners, (u officers and 2,024 non-com missioned < flicers and men ; died of dis ease, 133 officers and 4,202 non-comrflia sioned c Ricera and men ; invalided home.
I 844 officers and 18,483 non commissioned I officers and men. At the same date I o O there were over 11,000 sick in the various	.	,
hospitals, and the whole estimated casual- 0 NNe a < ‘ manufacture the best and most complete line of Cultivating and ties since the beginning of the war are Seeding Implements on Earth, comprising Spring Tooth Cultivators, put at 51,017, comprising natives and £ttv<1, Kmin mid grass sowing att^ichments if desired.) Spring and Spi others in the commissariat, transport, .9®. Harrows, Disc Harrows, Grain Drills, (all kinds.) Horse Hak railroad and medical set vices.	(fnetmii and ratchet dump) etc., etc.
Lord Roberts telegraphed to the War H .von deed anvthing in our line send for our IffOO Illustrated Catalogue, (sent Office under date of Pretoria, July V», frvPl) * ou will And it very much to your interest to do so.
2.25 p. ro., as follows :—	I
“Paget engaged the enemy July 3 successfully at Pieisirfontein. He drove | — them out of a very strong position across
Train.leave Ottawa Central Depot:- I Leeuwkopto Itroncnef utitein, where he
.	.	.	, „ . bivouacked for the night.
L, tfmediate stations. Ar-1 He followed up the enemy and on lives Montreal 9.50 n. m. Valleyticld, commets Vo- the afternoon of July 4 was at RiauUW teau Jet. for Cornwall and joints west.	I kopje, fifteen miles northwest of Bethle
hem.
ALL SIZES.
That our new Mill is giving the public entire satisfaction.
P.SO
V.L‘5
With Roller ami Rail Rent ings. Serrated Ledger Plates if desired.
Xsk our agent to show you the new Patented Rail Rearing Knife
(’lip.
o o o o o

111

w
Quality of Wheat Up-to-date Machinery Competent Millers
Are drawing the trade our way. All leading bakers of Pon-
t iac are using our Flour. The farmers get same quality in exchange.
For sale at all times : FLOUR, FEED & MEALS.
Highest Market Price i-aid in Cash for Wheat.



TIME CARD,
IN EFFECT FEB, 26, I960
EASTERN DIVISION.
ike
es
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 21-2 HOURS.
THE NOXON CO., Limited, Ingersoll, Ontario.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.

For Service.
PONTIAC
Furniture !
a <*>.10 A.M
The undersigned offer for service a Thoroughbred (registered) Shorthorn Hull, recently purchased at Vernon, Out. Fee. ; $1.00 per head. hut a reduction will be ' made to par ies bringing herds. Apply at ! Lot No. 3,1 lunge 5, Clarendon.
E. T. BROWNLEE, FRANK ARMSTRONG.
WOOLLEN
Limited sto]-a Altxan-
Montreal ll 15a.m. Pullman parW rar attached. I Rti reports that all of Steyn's Govern*
• hiterniediate’ stations! I Blent officials except the treasurer gen*
Arrives Montreal 11.55 a.	m.	Pullman parlor car at-	era), who has gone	to Vrede,	are at Beth*
t8vhed*	f	lehem, which has	been proclaimed the
capital. Steyn himself is reported to have
only* Arrives Montreal 0.50 y. in Pullman pirlor taken flight to the mountains, car attached. Connects with trains for Quthee,
sjrm ,1K ,,At *-£»«> % rthe S:rath,rnî ».	¦, .
rence River. St. Altians, Burlington, etc. Arriving Horse, under L d. Steele, gate a gallant i TLjc Wp]].KnOWll iirwl rplin Lip Boston 7 a. m., New York 7.20	a. m. Has through	account of itself.	In the	lighting at	1
w„gn(, „«ri,,g^	,o	New Y„trk.okra|(ij	yi-k-aagte they killed Live of	the enemy
• ate stations. Arrive Mon-1 and captured a number of horses, tirait».45 p. in. Connovts at Coteau Jet. for Cornwall, Kingston. Toronto, Chicago, etc. Has Pullman car to Montreal.
a 8.45 A.M
t 8.45 A.M
Furniture I
a 4.20 P.M
Limited- Stops Alt xan • dria and Coteau Jot
MILLS.
Spring
Season
O
establishment will be found this season fully prepared as usual to meet the (juirements of the farmers of the county.
Look out for the New Things !
Our Spring Liqe of Furniture is out of sight 1
Would you like to see it ? If so drop in and inspect stock.

6.35 r.M
44 Of the 1,150 Canadians who arrived „	at Cape Town with the tiret contingent,
aim vsnwk-t* I=&% zsaz 5ti £
This was
due to drinking the putrid water at Paar-m 1 Q 1 A YflOY Limited - from I deberg, where they fought so brilliant-
Ot	1* V/UaX Montreal and pts. i-
east, leaving there at 9.40 a.tn: Stops at Alexandria ' '
only. Has Pullman parlor t ar.	----
re-
""h
buffet car New Torktu Ottawa.
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of
MILK PAILS MILK PANS, BREAD PANS DISHES of all lynds
ALSO A FULL LINE OF
AGATEWARE
In Parlor Suites
Our stock of Cloth
Limited—from Montreal # leaving 4.«5 p. m. Stops at Alexandria only. Has Pullman parlor t ar.
Dailv— Local— from inter # mediate pointa, < ornwall
Kingston, Toronto and points * Has Pullman I time Liberal j >umal. the Galt Reformer, parl> ra,#	hastens to remark there is no sense in
a 6.35 P.M
When that old time Liberal journal, I th3 Huntingdon Gleaner, maintains the j practice of telling the truth, that new
Including all the finewt-rmkes in
Frame are New Coverings are New Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
t
9.15 P.M
SERGES, TWEEDS WORSTEDS,
&c. &c.
9
Middle & Western Divisions.
quoting the Gleaner ns an independent Liberal. That is it ! No editor that persista in telling the truth shall be suffered to remain in the body guard of the Laurier administration. Not if the Reformer can cut him off. —Citizen.
)
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
Û 1 K 4	For Arnrrior. Renfrew,
O* 4 9} ÎY.9 • Eganville Pembroke, B«rry's Hay, Whithey, Canoe Lake, Parry Sound and intermediate pointa.
Wlmt’s the use of making a stump speech every time you try to sell a
t
will be found choice and complete in every respect, and at money-saving prices.
A CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
an inspection of which is invited.
Sideboard,
Extension Table, Dining-room Chair, Kitchen Table, Kitchen Chair, Bedstead,
4.40 P.M
For Arnprior Renfrew, F.g-eanville, Pembroke, and in-
QUEBEC ELECTIONS THIS
FALL.
Bedroom Suite,
Spring Mattress, Wool Mattress Parlor Table,
Hall Rack, or Lounge ?
Show the products of the best manufacturers,—they do their own talking.
Stoves.
termediate points
1.00 P. M.
Mixed train for Am prior, Renfrew, Egan ville, Mu.la-
A. HOGGINS,
PROR3PSIETOR
It is Said Marchand Will go Early
to the Poll
wasku and intermediate stations.
I
The balance of our .stock of Stoves to be cleared out at reduced figures.
Train® arrive at Ottawa Central depot ;
1"| JH 4 XI- *‘rn,n Pembroke. Fgan-
1 I • 1 V JX elite ville, Renfrew, Arnprior and intermediate points.

Toronto, July V —A Woild special says
that a big scare is on in Quebec, and that
in order to take no chances the Marchand
Government will endeavor to go to the
Mixed train from M ,iwa«- polls before Laurier and his friends. A • ka, Fganvil! Renfrew, Am-

From Parry Round, Pern-• broke, Eganvilie, Renfrew
5.55 P.M
Farm for Sale.
Roofing Contracts taken
! and estimates furnished.
Arnprior and intermediate joints.
2.50 P.M
... u . _	,	...	, The N Half <»f Lot N •. in th<
session of the House in October, followed range of Litchfield, containing 100 acres.
by a dissolution, is foretold, though it is more or less fronting on Ottawa river and
said the Opposition will make the session situated on the main road between Bry«on
*>• ».» w	sasasf tsajsa sss
land. Large, comfortable dwelling arid other necessary buildings thereon erected For terras and particulars- apply to
J. H. CHAPMAN,
Bryson, Que.
C. E. WAINMAN,
prior ami intermediate stations.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
Central Depot Russell House Bloch
CUTHBEHTSON, dJAtjAM & ELLIOTT,
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
Shawville-
P.S.—Top price for Hides and Pelts.
Tickets to Europe and all prrte of the world by all American and Canad.an st an.ship lines, also Cook’s tours.
The Standard Oil Company had a t*o million dollar fire at Constable Hook, N. j J., on Thursday last.
a Trains run daily except Sunday b Sunday only,


>




>
