###PAGE###1###


*#


X

X

Æ


Vol XIV, No. 62.
SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, P
Q., THURSDAY, JUNE
10, 1807
I o.. MK”fSSî“Z;
BANK OF OTTAWA
Court Shawville, Y,'U will b« plwued it you call and aee Mouth Organ*, Jew'» Harp», â
^	No «16.	aoiKK^nin>OCk*’**r*® *"d ,mell> 6t Mu- , • v^KR'al°0O,Oe' gu<xl a,,d cheap, at M
Tin
LOK
¦
Head Office Ottawa Canada,
CapiUI (fully paid up) . 11,500,000.00 iteet............... 11,066 000.00

•i.

Meet* the 4th Wednee t> ,	.	¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
day of every month. ^^mhor photogrnpl-er Green will at- . Kopatra, Needles and Oil constantly on
/S5MRSSS8C Mrw	“
/#
Board of Direetor$ : Chablkh Maos*, Khq., President. Obokok Bay, khq.,Vice President.
Boa. 0so. Brykui. Js Alkx. Pkamer, g#y ,
1
L.B.C
SUMMER
MILLINERY
OPENING
Arohiu Campbell, a native of Ottawa, ,R,*v- Mr- Black waa inducted aa pastor was drowned a few days ago in CarjHinter ”f l"° Bryaon and Upper Litchfield ^reek near New Denver, ft. C.	* reebyterian congregation last week
won the first the schedflHUHBBHiiiHIIH ule series of matches against the Sham
r«»oks on Saturday by a score of 4
A meeting between the Campbell a H<»y and Arnprior base ball clubs may be expected at Shaw ville on Dominion day
4. W. Morrison, R.8. H. 8. Baknrtt, FR
J. A. Smith, C.R.

John Mathkm, B**.. I>Avm Mai La rum, Him*.,
Keep in mind the jubilee entertain 2e.n,t at No; 8 school, Clarendon, on Friday evening-this week. A plea ¦ant time is in store for those "who attend.
Mr. Coo. A. Burroughs has invented a bottle stopper, which he claims knocks out anything of the kind previously introduced. The device is made of brass.
Mr. Richard Thompson, an old resident of Clarendon, passed away on Tuesday morning, at the ripe age of 79 years, buneral will take place on Thursday afternoon.
Photographer Green will be at Pontiac House Gallery, Shawville, on July 1st— Dominion day—and will remain till Friday evening. When at the domonstra- , tion, call and have your picture taken.
Durais Murphy, Knq.

iKocal and dffctwraL
OEOROKBURN D M, F1NME

General Manager, (Local) Manager, A OBI.ERAL BANKING BUSINESS TRANSACTED.
to 3

Straw Hats.—All sorts and prices at
G. F. Hoik;inh\
Screen Doors, Spring Hinges, Cow on Deposit Receipt st current | Bells and Horse Pokes. J. H. Shaw.
dtsjBara Brass
Notes and BUU collected.
JWnei ^0ÜmtÊÊtÊÊÊi
AT
In the Demin-
REID BROS
Local horsemen think it a great pity
directors, when
m3"œ,mk*& was	&%%%&%%" % wr r«a?'-to“£
¦11,1 *11 Auxiliary BihieSoclety.ottaws,Ont. Brockville, on Saturday lait.	I cremated.
On Wednesday last Christ Church, Ot- L ^ 8proate\1who • *roe.ti?e aS° a	, ,
If I tawa, was officially dedicated Cathedral of k , i vJco!,,.,eotl°n wi h the Metho An elicit whiskey still was discovered a " the Diocese of Ottawa by Bishop Hamil ' church to join the H mente move- days ago near Cache Bay, Ont., in ‘ ^	1	*	1'“«ut, applied to be re admitted into the blast. Two men named Dubois and
Methodist ministry at the meeting of Bafernier were found in possession. They One of the most prominent features of gonforence held in Ottawa last week. VT0rp taken prisoners and brought to this store is the way we anticipate your
:ptE gga epee
¦arts aift'strs fcv tas* rjs
¦¦ t^ïïrsiï tsasr- sa“ -2a."" """ " 31X ÿssjss^-1 a fies	- Æssïstiisr
o/Hcc hours : 8 to 12s. m. sud 7 to 9 p. m.	Boss building, has died, it is said, of umnon Day in a most becoming manner. titi Entertainment at school No. 8, Clan	'.. i V ”lll,mer’ who has already
grief over the death of her son.	At a meeting last week a large committee T1?"’ 0,1	of thi* week, owing to	th“ ,lne
VlfANTEi).- SEVERAL FAITHFUL MEN EzÏÏ* The steamer “ Janet Cmio” will ^as struck to superintend necessary ar- 1 0 ar8e crowd expected, have found it	y >
EËSEÜP KRvSsE	Sis w ^
—•¦'*“	l
g. g. stewart,	¥S»rrt jjS'x&£i '“ '-SS«“d ™klt1 "¦bm“
»b"e	’ Price, resaw, rhe 6ne,t. in an srehity ,ut»l sense, in veh,cles. 8ral" a"d provision.. The	r=
these part*. The Buckeye fouudry of *tor.,D waa »*=vere for a time in this neigh- K, KÎTTj KTlIJH it seems to be the general impression Cincinnati are putting in one of their best u,,rhoodt but no further damage is report- ¦w”*a"i" aswiWWii „	„	over the country that if the cold Mis, and a move is also on foot to have ed	rriIT7 .T)ri .^r	,
^jjaccwdcac in a. Smiley, bouse weather does not terminate pretty soon, « dock placed in the tower.	In connection with the celebration here ^ rir^ AKl AUE STORE
— szzz::Wmass §### rs
ARTHUR MCCONNELL ,D,eea8es’ no medicine as yet has seen the U neighbor named Morisette. There is 7 , tJÏZ i securing their attendance;	“About 200 remnants now of Dress
y inVw.r.ü1- ^"«""e.poud.nc.proinpl dre». Aujsox Med. 6o„ ferockville. pounded Morisette with . poker, breaking traot,ooa from th« «»J
-^lthbeeldbewvl"enr,tTbur,<uy,,feaeb The Cobden Forester, have «unified number of rib. end wounding him bad A .harper ha. been doing the townships "°Utb-	-heir intention of atTend”ng the célébra 'y' <,u/rti" haa b««" -ummoned to .p about Wmches-er. He goes to a farmer
tion to be held here on Dominion D#y M,ear before a alag‘atra‘e °n June 28th. a»d makes a bargain fur hi. chicken.,
under the auspice, of the local court. In- Mrs. James Madden, and children of	"" Pa^"er will come along Spring Roller Shades, and Curtain
vitatione have been extended to other Helena, Montana, arrived at Fitsmy ÎT„ L ",tb B r'« “ld «•‘her them up. Poles, lowest price, in town.
Renfrew county couris.	Harbor a couple of week, .go intending	a'td^th f	J- n- Shaw.
WlŒigBS
SE liiüi^Esilüi
oonnsotlon	A »• Hardy, accompanied by hie Miss Cordelia Williamson .evangelist, died smaller than those used in a 16-bore gun. An amP1e l**t of the customary field
os ad e a nd p^om p ue^ur n saMared01 lection>	''^tenante, Messrs. Harcourt and Dry.	at the residence of her sister, Mrs. James	A few years ago a similar cache was dis athletic sports will be provided at
_	deni wiic are expet ttxl to vDifc that town	Findlay, at Beachburg, last Thursday	covered above this place, at Pointe a 1& j the celebration to be Jield here On July
n iiuraday, 1< th met.	night, says the Pembroke Observer of the	Bataille, by Joseph LecUir, of Aylmer. I B should be an easy matter to get
"	The funeral of W E Lenhv *»,«	4th inst. This announcement will cause	 #.  . up ladies' and gents bicycle races, opeu
5s,Æÿ,tr4ssrf tt a.-rî zsr&z .is	s tar rssï ssî
man was a son of Mr. Michael Leahy, „f da deadly embrace,she labored on. m>f Dagg, Esq., of Thorne, passed away on On Thursday evening last a desperate
%%» p.“*“ph"w'J	rr	sÆdir aaa:«toss?«c
PPPÉÜS	I BHrEHES
-s*	œ ta'srÆi........a tra % £.ï rr. t
mHIShotel has been recently opened for borho°d for his countrymen, and Court by Judge Gill. It was an action I**" omciated.	I ...	:	- -	~ - —
1 the publie accommodation, and has meanwhile will take up residence in for $4,000 damages for alleged injuries I	—	i z» is n	a **	.
asnssssfy^equlremenY* ° *** ,t^1* wlth a" Shswv.lls.	resaltiug from sn sccident sustained by Dr. H Alfred McLean, of Quyon, son Cook 8 COttOO ROOt Compound
Bar furnished with choice llqnors and civ- Thanks.—To our patrons of Pontiac **** plaintiff while working in the defen- of Mr. H. M. McLean, E*q , who has I WHÈEHQgs lathe only safe, reliable S re 1 » nd I8! rff# n O m ni ndinnl ntcounty, we take this means to return our dant’s establishment last July. Boa been in gradually declining health for the	monthly medicine on which
’	..	. ^	1	humble thanks for the kind words they chard while doing some repairing at the past two or three years, having about	lies can depend in the
have written to us about our Dr. Allen's establishment had his foot caught by a that time while practicing in Thorne con	\flour an<* *'me °f
Pearly Pebbles. We say thanks, hun "haft, and has been unable to work traded a severe cold, which culminated	3 Ie prepared in two degrees
dred tiroes. Furthermore, if any poor *ino* 31st of July last. He was awarded in the disease which produced hit death ?	of strength,
man or woman in delicate health and I judgment for $1,332, which includes at the early age of 27 years.	. , ,	* for °™?arX
2Si®ES^ssiesiOT2.trsBeS3ff,--issis.,sU:tTi—.¦si?.,s:|!6effs$SSB::
fiSssSs SSSalsS ssÆàÇaasf Sa St-*:? h?SS?Sf--Æ
¦5
rates
THE ARCADE STORE, ARN PRIOR, ONT.
—WILL HE ON—
Thursday, Friday & Saturday,
June 3rd, 4th and 5th.
s. j. McNally, mi c.
----o
ii
U' too
Physician, Surgeon and
.'Accoucheur.
Campbell’s Bay.
The Cubden correspond ont of the Pembroke Standard says that an effort ie soon to be made to have that town incorporated.
Office -
R. S. DOWD, M.D.,0.14.
unctiu, aim good prizes 4 D , Y '	vurM
i. Dinner <.n the grounds, j ^*.*1 j îfw County 29 years and speeches by prominent gentlemen. ^	~ J
. The Foresters of Shawv lie have taken
HI

Î
PHYSICIAN •> AND SURGEON,
I. R. C. *. AND 8., EDINBURGH.
Paris Gieen and Bug Finish at G. F
Ho
INS
•Tf
HENRY AYLEN,
ADVOCATE
Hull» • ¦ - Que»
R
f
Tibi,


Î
f


.1 X
BAILIFF OF SUPERIOR COURT,
OFFICE : — COURT ST., SHAW VILLE.
Accounts collected and prompt returns nude
All courte attended.
3XT
ar-
»T LAWRENCE HALL.
D
GRAND CENTRAL HODSE,
0. Turpaln • - Prop.

mg

-
PONTIAC HOUSE
Shawvllle,
<|ue.
IJAlII
cases









###PAGE###2###
the 4and» thr^n « - life has been of whom thou hath learned them. Not eomethiutf like ibis. .n,A| fiu^ultiea from unuulluirir A false tva<xhere. l*it
#%## mmmmi.
œ%rï;;9?a Î5SSS
##&%%%= » H««SH
of the slop	Paul ; for till1 nxturanne that this in-
Ft ru "t i«>n wus correct hi* was indebted
to Uw Holy Hc*rii>t
10. This verse feuchee that "no man. however well instruct<*1 in the things of God or grounded in divine gractv, U out oi tlie Tvtuxh of Umiptnt 1<ul apostasy. and final ruin.'*—Clarke. Ileno© tàbe necessity of watching unto prayer. continuing in the faith, and preserving unto the end
15. HYtwn a child, From early infanmr. At the age of five orthodox Jewish children were taught to liegin to read the law. Thou na tunes. Ti motto u ndendand
having lieeo expoun Led to him by the chief of the apoitles. Are able to make thee wine unto salvation through faith which is in Jeeus Christ. The full of the Old Testament Scriptures in <*v-ly found wtien we study in connwhon with them the life ami death and resurrects on of our Savioui Testament in nut contrary to tbs' New; for l Kith in the Old and New Te.stArment everlasting life ie offered to mam-kind by Christ, who ia the only mediator between God and man. being Imth Go<l and man."—Art idee of Religion of the Canadian MeUawliet Church, Article VI. " Wipe uni» snlvtit ion." means wise unto the attainment of salvation, and to the extending of tluii salivation to others.
•tT.uf the ea.t a badge of Hi. j g***
SSHKIHHSi
üïSIBü
»&“sac-rÆïâsrç «tafgrwzyh. »
Svnod of Port and thou shall by saved, mfr lirother. let your miumImm! up sys-A man mav be orthodox and go to hell tern of theology go to the.bottom while or heterodox and go to heaven. I he you conns in on the DidinUired spar man who in the deep affetion of his	on broken jnec-w of the ship,
heart accents Christ is saved, and the \uu may get all your difficulties set-man who does not accent Him is lost, tied as Garibaldi, th e magnetic Italian.
I believe in both the Heidellterg and got his gardens made. “ hen the war Westminster catechisms, amt I w ish you lietween Austria and Sardinia broke out. all did. but you nwtv believe in nothing he was living at Caprera, a very rough they contain except the one idea that and uncultured island bonne. Put he (Mirist came to save sinners, and that went forth with his sword to achieve the you are not one of them, and you are Miration of Naples and Ski I y and gave instantly res ued. If you can come In V.Oi'O.OOO People free government under on the grand old ship. I would rather Victor Emmanuel. Garibaldi after behave you get alioard. but if you can ing absent two years from Caprera. re-only find h piece of wood as long as turned, and when he aiiproached it, he the human IhhIv, or a piece as wide as found that his home had. by victor t he outspread human arms, and e ther of Emmanuel as a surprise, been Memzed. them is a piece of the cross, come in on Trimmed shrubbery had taken the place that piece. Tens of thousands of people 0f thorny thickets, gardens the place of to-day kept out of the kingdom of barrenness, and the old rookery in they cannot Iwlieve every- which he once lived had given way to
a pastured mansion	tell you if
you will come and enlist under our \ ic-tor Emmanuel and follow Him through thick and thin and fight His battles and endure His sacrifices will find after awhile that lie changed your heart from a jungle of thorny skepticism into a garden all al>-loom with luxuriant joy t hat you have ever dreamed of—from a tangled Caprera of sadness into a paradise of God.
1 do not know how your theological system went to pieces. It may lie that your parents started you with only one plank, and you believe little or nothing Or they may have Iwe.n too rigid and severe in religious discipline and crack ed you over the head with a psalmbook It may lie that some partner in business who was a mem lier of an evangelical church played on you a trick that disgusted you with religion. It may lie that you have associates who have talked against Christianity in your presence until you are "all at sea," and you dwell more on things you do not believe than on things you do believe. You are in one respect like Lord Nelson, when a signal was lifted that he wished to disregard, and he & ut his sea-glass to his blind eye and said, "I really do not see the signal." Oh, my hearer, put this fieldglass of the gospel no longer to your blind eye, and say 1 cannot see. but put it to your other eye of faith, and you will see Christ, and He is all you need to see.
If you tielieve nothing else, you certainly believe in vicarious suffering, for you see it almost every day in some shape. The steamship Knickerliocker of the Cromwell line, running lietween New Orleans and New York great storms, and the captain and crew saw the schooner Mary L). Vramiuer of Philadelphia in distress. The weather cold, the waves mountains high, the first officer of the ship and four men put out in a life boat to save the crew of the schooner and reached the vessel and towed it out of danger, the wind shifting so that the schooner was saved, lfcn the five men of the steamship coming hack, their boat capsized, yet righted and a line was thrown the poor fellows, lHit their hands were frozen so they could not grasp it, and a great wave rolled over them, and they went down never to rise again till the sea gives up its dead. Appreciate the heroism and se If ?sacrifice of the brave fellows all who can, and cannot we not appreciate the Christ who put out into a more biting cold and into a more overwhelming surge to bring us out of infinite peril into everlasting safety? The waves of human hale rolled over Him from owe side and the wave of hellish fury rolled over Him on the other side. Oik the thickness of the night and the thunder of the tempest into which Christ plunged for our rescue.
1 would rather in a mud scow try to weather the worst cyclone that ever swept up irom the Caribbean than risk my immortal soul in useless and perilous discussions in which some of my l reihren in the ministry are indulging. Tncy remind me of a company of sailers standing on the Ramsgate pier head, » rum w hich the lifelioala are usual ly launched, and coo 1 y discussing the different kind of oarlocks and how deep a boat ought to set in the wat» r, w hile a bur i ane is in full blast and there are ti r e steamers crowded with passe ng-iri going to pie-es in the offing. An old tar, the mu* les of bis face working with ner ous excitement, cries out : "This is no time to dismiss such things. Man the life Unit ! Who will volunteer ? Out with her into the surf I Pull, my lads ; pull for the wreck ! Hu, ha ! Now we have them. .Lift them in and lay them dokvn on the bottom of the boat. Jack, you try to bring them to. Put these flannels around their hands and feet, g.n-1 i will pull for the sht ra. God help me ! There 1 Landed! Huzza! When there are so many struggling in the waves of sin and sorrow and wretchedness, let all else go but salvation for time and salvation for-
A STRUGGLE FOR LIFE
REV. DR. TALMAGE ON NECESSITY FOR FAITH IN THE GOSPEL PLAN
.1
their
an
An Flaquenl Hfriuaii le Th»»e llurileneil llllli I loti hi wml n ho e Faith Hi* Heea Shlpw recked— lhe skeptic'* •bJeellOM» t'uurluihrlj lirait il il h.
Dr. Tulmage preached cm Sunday' from the text Acta xxvii, 44, "And some un broken pieces of the' ship."
Never off Goodw in Sands or the Sherries or Oft pc Hu Itéras was u ship in worse predicament than, in the Mediterranean hurricane, was the grain ship, on which 270 passengers were driven on the coast of Malta, five miles from the metropolis of that island, called Citta Vecchia
tempt est, when the ship was entirely disabled, and captain and crew had become completely demoralized, an missionary took command of the vessel He was small, crooked-backed and sore eyed, according to tradition Paul, the only unscare<l man nU>ard.
He wna no more afraid of a Kurocly-dim tossing the Mediterranean Sea, now uip to the gates of heaven and now sinking it to the gates of hell, than he wtis afraid of a kitten playing with a string. He ordered them all down to take their rations, first asking for are them a blessing. Then he insured all	' a use
their live*, telling them they would , *m Ulkiug wilh . nmn thoughtful be reaue 1, and, wo far from losing their &bout his soul, who has lately traveled heads, tliey would not lose so much of through New England and passed the
,"t' r.r ™‘ »"„r. itsfia Suffi» ~
one click of the er.ssore-nay, not a Uny u irrevwably fixed. I think there thread of it, whether it were gray with Wili he another opportunity of repelitige or golden with youth. " There an<*e after death." I say to him:	My
-et .hair fall from the head of Mer.^hathaa that^o do with youj
a»ny of you.	waits for another chance after death
Knowing that they can never get to when he has a good chance before death the desired port, they make the sea on « « shirk fool f Had not you better
Ibv fcm, H«* -lib ...rllrow» JJ-	,?7êh.“.U
cargo, so that when the ship strikes in waft for a ,,iank that may by invisible will not strike so heavily. At daybreak hands he thrown to you after you are
t “•> ‘“itf ;“t.: îS«. sir-a."» ™
resolved to make for it. And so they fertid me nuw and al) the joys of time cut the cables, took in the two paddles and eternity offered me now, 1 instant-they had on those old 1 oats and hoisted ly take them rather than run the risk
o-v"'»"' - - "ii, "?¦ r; SïïÆSrSf
uith slab force aa to dm on Inga jure pas&igc that has for all the Chris-mpon the lieavh by some fortunate bil- tian centuries been interpreted another low. There she goes, tiumtdimg towards way." You say. T do not like l*rince-
HU.	00» ,.,o» (oromosl. ...
stern foremost, now rolling over to the on |KKird either of these great men-of-
man
urea. See vwrsem. 15,
THE SUNDAY SCHOOL.
After a two weeks
INTERNATIONAL LESSON. JUNE 13.
old
Ï Tim. I. I l I
•• PmuI'm Ail vice le TlmwWy
14 II. AieldmTcxIt 1 1,We
PRACTICAL NOTES
» 115
It was
interest-
Vhis verse is »‘®>
Verso 1
the writer, Paul ;
si known the holy 8c.rii>-hy fowl good opportunity I the holy Scriptures, they
ing statemnet of 1.
2. his office, an apostle of Jesus Christ;
which he held it,
3, the authority on
by the will of God ; and 4, the purpose for which it wua given, the promise of life which is in Christ Jesus. Paul ascribes lus a|x«stolate to the simple determination of God ; he did not enter
that holy office by the same door that
The list part
Mr
truth
1U* Olki
opened for his fellows of the verse leans that he had 1 eenJ
you has
made an apostle for the express purpose of making known tin* promise of life; this life exists originally in Christ, Remember that the man who writes this sentence is now himself under sen-
lib uniat soon seal
leave of death the truth with his blood," hut his life was hut with Christ ini God.
2. To Timothy, my dearly Moved son. Timothy had been brought to salvation through Christ by ’Paul's ministry.
The favor and appro I ativu of Shown in pardon and
10. All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profit able. Revi».*d Version. ‘Every impure inspired of God is also i r<fu	lelgMF HVH
means "writing/* i>ui tihe Greek word hare truncated Scripture never occurs in the New Ttvrtufncnl except in reference to Itih hnly fifcriqdure. "Alt sftnpture,” incam every part of Scripture. \Ve understand by induration a divine iufluemv directing Ue minds of the writers of the Bible. It is more than mere miggetf-iom or holy impulse. It is profitai de because God-In spirit'd, ntit Co d Shift #red h *iiiHi pfrofif.ahlte. "The Sacred writers did not always know Une full srgnifivancy of their own ini^ired wbrdf/’—Uavid Brown. We du nut need to hold to the mechanical die lot too» but wi* must bdd that the Gut in whose providmee the holy wTit-were first inc-çured hy vhnt same pruvulence has n i vont rivixi that narratives profitlevic*. ci'at ions, the whole Scripture ideas. plira.see, words, mod-ers versions—all ary ?udb that lie saw Ck to he there. A literal translation of "inspiration" 4n tibtis phrase would he ''GtxVbreatiud." tVffUQMire 2 Peter 1. 21: "Holy men of Got s.ake aw they were moved by the 1 fitly Ghost " Thia pnsxig* should ink Hie quoted as a pro* if next of any of the theories of the met luud of inspiration. For doctrine, lie vised Version, "for tetahdiig." Inr Ntruction* in the ethements of religion. fPhie cmphaHaa here is nu.i un the truth l liât the f tudy of Scripture Is profitable to make u i^rson a teacher of doctrine. Nit ratiner that it is profitable to teach, dvs-trima to any teachable p»ul. "It Is not bianot'liy's ability as a lean her/* rays Alford, 'but hi* stability as a Christiam. w hich is here in quef^ion.’* "In Uruction in the 1 rut Iw and precept* of rev «tied reli-gon."—Hev. H. Ware. For reproof. "Refutation." "Convicting the erring of their error."—|)r. Brown. "Conviction either of error in doctrine or of viciurnsneets of life "—Dr. Wave. For correction. For reformation of conduct, for amendment of life. "Doctrine" and "reproof*’ stand for the tiheoreti-ctil principles of religious instruction. "Correct ion" and "in<i ruction" refer to (tract ical life. Jlu struct ion. ^Training discipline. In righteousness. Revised Version. "Which Is in rlghtecns-ne^s/* It Is | oesible, ’howvver, so to read the sentence that "in rightetsi1*-nesa" sliall refer to all the nouns—loo trine in righteousness, reproof in righteousness correction in righteousness, instruction in rig* itmitsnesa.
17. That the man of God. The spiritual man. Mtty lie |«erfV*"t Jteviscd Version, "complobe." "Tlwere is no deficiency in the Bible for man in anv of the situations in which he may lie placed in life; and the whole tendency of the book is to make him who will fairly put himself un i ' absolutely perfect/’—Barnes. Thoroughly furnished Revised Version, "furnished completely." Our spiritual trear sur y and armory are tn ha found in the holy Sir If duree Unto all g<T»d works. The Christian is to lie a man of symmetrical character HI ¦¦¦ student of the Script uiyv* under guid-are of the fifpirit of God will develop every part of Ute eoinooKite nature of man. This entire lesson is an adenuate reoroof of the falan dc,]M\ndenoe of the Roman Catholic and some other Churches on tradition as an authority. We are here taught that the Bible is sufficient to teach the ignorant, to convict the evil, to correct the erring, and to train in righteousness all men. After centuries of educat inn wv can not add one true line to the spiritual code set uj> in the Bible; «cannot add one tender halm to the broken heart that is not to be found here; cannot firovide ft single solace for a wounded spirit that is not here—any more than we ran enlarge the eirrumferer*'ti of the earth y half
ou
Scripture"
Grace
God. Mercy jmrificat ion.	IVare	The happiness,
quietness, and assurance that come
from inn h if es ted mercy.
3 I thank God. Note how many of I’aid's epistles I* g in with thanksgiving to God for the virtues and graces of his friends. Whom 1 serve from my forefatlu»rs. Carefully educated in the religion of the Jews, Paul had simero-ly worshiped God from infancy up, and his natural religiousness was largely a matter of heredity. It is noth sable also that Paul in his arguments was accustomed to hold that in. I icing a Christian he was simply following his hereditary faith, and that those who remained Jews after Christ came were unfaithful to the doctrines of the fathers. With pure conscience. Always sincere even when wrong, and always f on forming his life to the brightest light he had. Without ceasing 1 have remembrance of thee in my prayers night and day. The Revised Version joins "night and day" to the next verse : "flow turn easing is my re-memlwance of thee in my supplications, night and day longing to see thee." Verses 3 anil 4 dram the words "whom I serve" are parenthetical ; "1 thank God connects in sense with "when I call to remem trance."
4.	Being mindful of thy tears. See
the story of the praying of the Ephesian church	^WÊÊKÊÊÊÊKM
of Timothy's tears is an evidence of the tender affection of Paul. That I
may lie filled with joy conneets with ' greatly desiring to see thee."
5.	\\ hen l call to remembrance the unfeigned faith that is in thee. Revised \ ersion, "having been reminded." timothy had given good proof t liât his faith was genu intv there was no pretense about his Christianity. Which dwelt first in thy grandmother Lois* and thy mother Eunice. This verse lake® in connection with verse 3 is a beautiful attestation of Paul's confid-
in the force of what might be called inherited piety. No man can l»e saved by inheritance, but nothing is
more evident than that a bias to worship and
ness is given to children by the habits
i *. ,!r P-irtMils- i»is and Eunice are both Greek names, but we are told that Eunice was a Jewess, and we uiav infer that Lous was also. Paul passes by the fat her, who was a Greek, and very probaldy a heathen. 1 am persuaded that in thee also. "It dwells" must be understood. "That" should lie omitted. I he faith of mother and grandmother is to he an incentive to that of Timothy.
A Wherefore I put thee in remein-#a7v ^ ccause 1 iknow the sincerity of thy faith I remind thee. That thou stir up. As a fire is stirred with poker. The gift of God, which is in thee by the putting on of my hands. The imposition of hands was like baptism, the outward and visible sign of t he inward and spiritual grace I here is no good evidence in my teaching of I aul of his belief in any sort of magic-ttl or mystical transfer of ministerial gifts, any sort of apostolic succession. I he same act of ordnnation is probably referred to in 1 Tim. 4 14, where the apostle speaks of the laying on of the hands of the presbytery.
7 . Tor God hath not given us the spirit of fear. Commentators are fond of supposing that Timothy was a timid young man, and there are some indications of this between the lines. He is here evidently exhorted to stir up gift of God for the purpose of offsetting the spirit of fear. Power, Vigor. r«ove. Which makes even the timid brave. A sound mind. Well control!-
war. their portholes filled with the great siege of guns of ecclesiastical bat-t le. but I do ask you to take the one plank of the gospel that you do believe forever. But up ahe comes again. Paula in and strike out for the pearl strung
arms around a mast he cries:
well. God haa give® me all those that
sail with me." Gra&h went the prow
starboard, now over to the larboard; now a wave dashes clear over the deck/ and it seems as if the old craft has gone
era
All is beach of heaven
(Says some other man : " I would attend to religion if 1 was quite sure , ,	A. A . .	,, e about the dot trine of election and free
with 8i*h force that it broke oil tni agency, but that mixes me ail up.11
mast. Crash went the timbers till th« Those things used to bother me, but 1
rushed through from side to side ufi have no more perplexity ulnmt them,for
I say to myself, "If I love Christ and live a good, honest, useful life, 1 nm into a thousand fragments the vessel elected to be saved, and if Ido not love
I, mad into the waves 270 mortals Christ and live a bad life 1 will be
precipitated. Some of them had Wen damned and all ihe theological semin-1	uries of the universe cannot make it
any different." 1 floundered a long while in the sea of sin and doubt, auu Jt was as rough as the Mediterranean on the fourteenth night, when they threw the gram overboard, but 1 saw there was mercy for a sinner, and that plank I Look, and 1 have been warming myself by the bright fire on the shore ever since
While l aen talking to another man
1 do not
was in
sea
the vessel. She ports amidships, and
goes are
brought up on the seashore and had learned to swim with their chins just above the waves, and by the strokes of both arms and propulsion of both feet they pout out for the liavch and reach it. But alas for those others ! They have never learned to swim, or they were wounded by the falling of the mast, on the nervous shock was too great for them. And others had lieen weakened
a-Luul âiàô K#ni be tells me become a Christian because 1 do not believe there is an{y hell at all.' don’t you ? Do all the peop beliefs and no beliefs at all, als and bad morals, go straight to a happy heaven / Do the holy and the de-liauvhvd have ih - same destination. At midnight in a hallway, ihe ow ner of u house and a burglar meet. They both lake any- fire, and both are wounded, but the What burglar dies in five minutes, and the owner of the house lives a week after. Will the burglar be at the gate of heaven, waiting, \when the house owner comes in? Will the debauchee and the libertine go right in among the famides of heaven ? 1 wonder if llerod is playing on the banks of the river of life with the children he massacred. 1 wonder if CharlesGuiceau and John Wilkes Booth are up there thooting at a mark. 1 do not now controvert it, although 1 must say that for such a mis i it.lv, another plank comes in with a life heaven 1 have no admiration. Hut the clinging fast to it. 'Ibere another Bible does nut say, "Believe in perdition niece of the shattered vessel, with its and be saved.” ' Because all are saved; freightage of an immortal soul. 1 hey according lo your theory, that ought not must, by this time oil be saved. î es, t<J keep you from loving and serving there txmies the last of all, .for he ! Christ. l)o you refuse to come ashore had been overseeing the rest, the old because all the others, according to your missionary, who wrings the water from theory, are going to get ashore. You bus grav lieard and cries out, 1 hank	have a different theory about
. all are h»*re .	chemistry, about astrantamy, about tho
Gather anmnd a fire and call the roll, atmosphere, from that which others ad-Paul buildsafire, and when the bundle Qptf you are not, therefore, hin-ot sticks begin to crackle, and standing d'red ^um action.
and sitting around the blaze the pas- Because your theory of light is differ-
B(‘ngers leg in to	*f°111 l‘ieir ent from others, do not refuse to open
chill, and the wet clothed s-gin to dry, your eye»- Because your theory of air
iem*
,U1 *	bring you to wharfages, you have ui
least a plant. "Some on broken pieces of the ship.”
"But 1 don't believe in revivals." Then go to your room, and all alone, with your door locked give your heart to God, and join some church where the» theremometer never gets higher than 50 in the shade.	<	1
"But 1 do not believe in baptbm.” Come in without it and settle that matter afterward. "But there are so many inconsistent Christians." Then come in and show them by a good example how professors should act. "ButI don’t believe in the Old Testament." Then come in on the New. "But 1 don't like the book of Romans." Then come in on Mat thew- or Luke. Refusing to come to Christ, whom you admit to lie the Saviour of the lost, because you cannot admit other things, you are like out there in that Mediterranean tempest and tossed in the Melita breakers» refusing to come adhere until he can
Ah
by long seasickness.
Oh. what will become of them ? "Take
le of all the of good inur-
that piece of a rudder," says Paul to one
says Paul to another. "Take that image of Castor and Pollux.’ plank from the lifeboat thing and head for the leach a struggle for life in< the breakers ! Oh, the merciless waters, how they sweep over the heads of men. w omen and children ! Hold on there 1 Almost ashore.
. Remember There the re-
The mention
Take that fragment of a spar,
Take that
Keep up your courage what Paul told you. ceding wave on the beach leaves in the sand a whole family. There crawls up out of the surf the centurion. U There
r nee
even a bias
to good
its instruction*
God
X careful
a
ever
1 ne think my we If that there are some here whose o|iix>rtunity or whose life is a mere wreck, and they have only a small piece left. You starred in youth with all sails set, and everything promised a grand voyfcge, hut you have sailed in the wrong direrJtion or have louudered on a ruck. Y ou have only a 1 ragment of time left. 1 lien come in on that one plank. "Some on l*oken pieces of the ship.”
You admit you are all broken up, one decade of your life gone by, two decades, thr^e decides, four decades, a half century, perhaps three-quarters of a century gone. The hoar hand and the minute hand of your clock of life ura almost |>arallel, and soon it will be 12 and your day ended. Clear discouraged, are you ? 1 admit that it is a sad thing to give all of our lives that
¦¦iS*
Having on previous occasions looked at the other passengers, 1 confine myself to-day to an examination of those who came in on broken pieces of the ship. There is something about them that excites in me an interest. 1 am not so much interested in those that could swim. They got ashore as 1 expected. A mile of water is not a very great undertaking for a strong swimmer, or even two miles are not. But 1 cannot stop thinking of those on broken pieces of the ship. The great gospel ship is the finest of the universe and can carry more passengers than aov constructed, and you could wreck it than you could wreck the throne of God Almighty. I wish all the people would come aboard her. I could not oft times i
chopped sea, but I could promise safe arrival for all who took passage on that Great Eastern, so called by me because Its commander came out of the East, the
an inch
AN ILLUSTRATION AT HAND. Half the world, sagely observed Mr. Mil lus, never knows what the other half is doing.	'
That’s generally true, retorted Mrs. Bill us. eyeing him sharply, as to the better half.
the
craft ever no more
SLIGHTED
went to
Four-year-old Barbara church with her two sisters and came home crying.	,	,	_
What is the matter, dear! inquired her mother.
He preached a w —MrMary and Mai and—never said —* te-
ed
promise a smooth voyage, for t will be tempestuous or a
a man
e-eermon—about
tithed Barbara,

/

###PAGE###3###
t
A REMARKABLE CASE,
FROM NEW YORK
GRENADIER
AND ROTCHER
A GREAT TUNNEL
I nm a i ojiimiH#iLi>n marchant doing business in the Weet IikIhw 1 usv<i
DOCTORS COULD NOT AGREE AS TH eome ot y°ur Putnam's Pain lean Corn
THE TROUBLE.	I S'ffitti'tf'SïS	“
seen
tilgenlle Kiigl nee ring real jhm
lillehrd Wear Leaden, England.
Black wall 'Tunnel under the Thames recently opened by the Prince and Prince* of Wales with monies. Is the greatest engineering oomplishment of its kind ever undertaken. It is situated a mile and a half
Sceem
ever
Please send me a few dozen for friends and customers in South Amer-
A -lew Brwntwlrk tody Ike Vlellm - »*f
xws % X1-" - w",u™
•f Heai raraljiia,
of twenty and un now fifty-one ye»rî	- 11ta commercial valu» la regarded aa
old I had always etn j.Ky.,1 g.io<l heall h	fill nfilPOlU'fn DA V	very	,uJ1y justifying iU total
until after my first child wna horn.	II llUülUil i I AI	cos t of £ I ^60,000 or 17,200,000.
TO mMjr WI™ T,'"TT'
%# I	IA newspaper investigation.
mwmmMrnmmm -,—
S4®™SS»*Jssss SSSSSSSB "	w“
^«asg&'biKSsssas s—aassâ^a
»>ut theee did him so little good that so that its effective interior diameter J he returned hume to Hamilton a crip- | Û» unly 24 feet
'The tunnel carries a wagon road six-Then he started taking Ryvkmun'Vi teen feet wide and two side patlw each Kootcffuiy Cure, and four bottltw have a trifle over three feet wide. Under completely cured Hum. He feels fit to the roadbed is an arched subway, five start to work now. ;	and a half feet high, to carry water
If he'd only known of Kootenay at P»P«*. electric wires and the like. The the outset, how much time and money* whole will l>e lighted by three rows be would have saved, and how much °* incandescent electric lami*i. suffering he would have escaped.	ten feet apart. There will l>e
Mr. James Watson, living at 64 F lor- admitted ence Street, in the city of Hamilton, makes a sworn statemnet. he is employed as moulder in the Grand Trunk I shops. Be bad Rheumatism so bad I in his fast and knees that he could not work steadily. lie says since taking for sponges form# a considerable part of
feîtknw"n^nri,,atiamha" ^°\ ^ i“h“blUnta A
Now he can work every day. with- VIBlU*‘ to LUa unfrequented region dehours or more. NolWithstanding all out the slightest suffering. Route- «oribes the fo:owing nathtor startling that was done forme, these spells were enay has put the Rheumatism to rout, custom. He says: ''Hinua, which is a
ssB'jsair'SS'iSifUB* i /«iiik	«m, ..
day. I was also troubled with bron- tfate the Merits of Ry< kman’.t Kootenay worthy of notice on account of the singu-ehilis, which added to my misery. I Cure. To pirley with these diseases ior method by whioh the Greek in ha hi t-couhl not sew or knit, or do any work	|jj8® °*	loss of money, loss	of the island get their living. On
this trouble hiul never left me for I Sworn statements of cures sent free bottom of the sea in this locality the I From Mail and Empire.	I was getting worse every day My
years, ami at the age of 48 f consulted °.n applû ation to the Ryc-kman Medi- common sponge is found in greater The reputation which Dodd's Kidney “on-to-law «aid he had heard of several another doctor TDxe medicine he gave cl°a C**’ Hamilton. Out.	abundance than in any other part of the PUls enjoy to-day must have been	^ Park dale who had been cur-
me however, made me worse instead 0116 bottle lasts over a month. Mediterranean.	built	upon a broad foundation of „ kj,<}Iî?y d,seiWe hy using Dodd's
¦HiaH
and 1 strongly urge their use on all air. Oorset covers worn with this style	~	of mine, Mrs. Farrell, she's a great fl|i	y<{“ 1>fJf,d s Sidney Pills are
who may be ill. Pink Pills were also of lingerie must match it exactly. If NEW ODORS FOR FLOWERS	Methodist, was cured by them, and she f'l;	1 V€ starrted a dozen people
of great benefit to a nieoe of mine, the wearer really believes after a T. .	, . . u . ,	.	,, calls them God's Kidney tills.	I MfSlnlce wa* cured. My
Miss Effie J. Everett.. Her mother trial that the unrelieved black is too It i« a fad in I am to perfume flow-	t w~int to Iieir mv «f.irv . ,a*^hter» who has been saik and doc-
sAtffssftsur*
- SB	EfSIr, Bra £	, F
EE r - a sf
“. 7 iL	* «	. work fur s,'x years. Before long they
I have t)eea aecusbruned to play in gave me up altogether, and said my
the bend at the Exhibition, and last death was but a matter of a few weeks.
year, as Uhe Exhibition time drew It was then that some one brought
near. I was anxious to stick it out for , me a box of Dodd's Kidney Pilla 1
that engagement, thinking it would he i took fifteen boxes, and was cured.
my last. I w%a l*gwaning to feel the , "I continue to take the pills occa-
panalysis in my fingers, so that I could « aionally, especially after heavy lifting.
scarcely work the keys. My friends, Now I can do a heavy day's work and
. thought it was aJl up with me. j feel first-rate after it. I recommend
During the Exhibition J stayed with Dodd's Kidney Pills to everyone
daughter, who Lives in iWkdale. I I know has kidney trouble."
imposing cere-
I CELL NEED A FEW MORE
NB
A
Military Bandsman of 50 Years' Standing and a Young Butcher Experience the Marvelous Curative Powers of Dodd’s Kidney Pills.
wo
II!
Dodd’s Kidney Pills
!
t
I
pie

n
ei
/
M
v4
\Lk
Cured Them.
I.
i
ml
placed no gas
WË

l
I
>
DIVING FOR A WIFE.
In intuny ot Greece isl ands diving | ^acïl °* them tells an Interesting story to a Newspaper Reporter—Mr. Pye
played in the Marine Band at the Duke of Wellington’s funeral- In the Royal Grenadiers’ Band forao years-He had given up hope when Dodd’s Kidney Pills cured him -Win. Wade, after being sick for years with Bright’s Disease and his life despaired of, tests the power of Dodd’s Kidney Pills and Is now In good health.
I!
• mji
ed t-aJc-
un
her to try them she hood was health and is a fine who shows no traces
and it was a pretty close
an

J

State or Ohio, Cite or Toledo,
Luca» County.
Frank J. Cheney make» oath that he le the senior partner of the firm of F. J.Cemk doing bu# I mean in the lily of Toledo. County nod State afor ©sa id. and that said firm will pay the sum of ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS for each and every case of Ca nrr« that cannot be cured by the use of HallV Oitarhh Cuke.
PRA.nK J. CHENEY. Sworn to before me and subscribed in nr y p esence, this Sth day of December. A. D. 1896.
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦ A. W. Ol
Notary
Hall’a Catarrh Cure ie taken internally and note directly on the blood and mucous surfaces of the system Send for test! mon la I a, free.
F G. CHENEY & UO.. Toledo. O. Sold by Druggsste, 74c.
Hall's Family Pills are the best.

For the Kidneys,
Y * Co.
4
Ï
Liver
and
DOCTORS KFUOMMEN1"*
"SÂLÂDÂ
n
{heal}
Urinary
Organs.




The OU RelaMt.
Ceylon Tea
LEAD PACKETS ONLY

7THnRBJ§ ««lx one way by which ^ any disease can be cared, and l hat Is by removing the cause, what-
ÎL.m^X*tee^ The great medical authorities of the day declare that near. I v every disease Is caused by deranged Kidneys or Liver. . x. '
To restore theae. therefore, la the only way by which health can be secured. Mere Is where


O#
The way to procure insults is to submit to them—a man meets with no more respect than he exacts.—Hazlitt
my
b
Doctors’ Bills Are High
Adams’ Ginger Beer
Cv
Adams Hxtrnol Fiolaehl
are

- Two pounds. One half onnc% Two gallons

OTHONTO-Oerrard and Yonge 8ta.,
M the top. It has more teachers more students. sod assists many more young men and women in*o positions than any other Canadian Business School, (let particu Ian. Enter aur time Write W H. SHAW. Principal.
Lukewarm Water
Dissolve the eager.	— —- v. —
In the water, add t he extract, and bottle : place hi a warm place for twenty-four hours until II fermante, then place on Ice, when It will open .p* k imr, cool end delioiou* The ginger beef can on oWolDMl in all drug and grocery store#
YOU SAY HOW? SRSTLSSZZZSS3L\
NEW
Patent Sleeper Flexible Insole Stiff
Be

tattoo H
ACTS DIRECTLY UPON THE KIDNEYS and LIVER
r the




Business Opportunity. FOR SALE.

IN COMBINATION WITH CONK
Used In the manufacture of fio>t« and Shoes by J. D. King Je Co, Toronto. A Goodyear Welted up-tvdat i Boot.
No tacks ; no nalli: flexible: easy. It will squeak.
in 10
v »

dlseaae and pain I
In a drives
A

A profitable business sue-_	cesHfully carried on in
Hamilton. Ont., for over forty years is offered for sale at $1?,0OT. E ght thousand of the amount i* in real estate nereeaary to the bnei nea% and the balance $4.(KXXuO in stock and plant.
For particulars add/
BLESSINGS OF THE BICYCLE.
I'm mighty glad my wife coaxed me into getting her a wheel, «aid the lean
**Makea her happy, eh i said the fat
po^ong er.
She m m> Otiiok oo riding that she ain't going to clean house this year.

Its repu •re of i attndnts.
tation —«' Twenty success," In lour
DOS
W-rner’s Safe Cure Co., London, Rochester, Frankfort, Melbourne,
Toronto.
THE J. D. KING CO., LTD.,
by letter.
4Î, Hum,I!on Poet Office j TORONTO,
irrr
V*'
ONTARIO
A. A. A.



V

###PAGE###4###
w


The Michigan Legislature the other day refused to restore capital punishment by the narrow majority of two vote#. Saturday night the State was disgraced by two cold blooded murders.
The Gquitx/*.
SHAWVILLK, JUNE 10, 1897.
Always get
WANTED
the Best
COUNTY P. 0. RETURNS
JUBILEE.
Ottawa, May 30.—A rumor ia current that a new position ia to be created for From the annual report of the Poet- Mr. McShatie, that of superintendent-master General for the year 1806 7, re* general of canals, to exercise supervision
T" .. uk.~..™.. Firssrstisfni
the accounting offices in this county. All appointment will, it ia said, he made be-the offices show a decrease as compared , fore Mr. Mr. Laurier leaves for England, with last year’s revenue, a fact which	_____#
may be .ttributed to .orne extent to the	^iberel OtUw. Free Prow eey.
general business depression which has | ihj|t lhe changes in the tariff show that
the Government is working steadily in :
0
All the good, clean, mer-
Nothing improves the ftp-
house and
ns ft liberal
chantable Wool, Butter and pearance of your
buildings so much
A. regard, revenue. Shawville .till con- I	^| EggS \V6 Can procure at high- application of
tiuue. in the lead, while Quyon rank. I ^ leJrn thlt thti wiping out prvcew second.' The figures are :	! means the impoverishing of the artisans
Shawville—revenue, $1102 68 ; amount of the country, they will work just as of money orders ia-ued $0,280.39 ; amount steadily at the next election to wipe the of money orders paid $1,028.67.	' tiovernment out
Quyon—Revenue, $020.13 ; amount of money orders issued, $10,711.18 ; money orders paid $1,886.10.
On 22nd June Her Majesty’s Diamond Jubilee will be celebrated all over the world. Let the loyal subjects ofShaw-
\Ve guarantee our “STAG” ville and vicinity get right inbrand of ready-mixed paints to be first class in every respect ; the floor paints being exceptionally good.
prevailed
- - PAI2TT - -
est market prices in cash or trade.
Bill Governing Rate of Interest.
to the procession.
Portage du Fort—revenue, $820 (>4 , In view of a judgment rendered in money orders issued, $3,118.69 ; money Montreal some time ago whereby a money order* paid, $1,(174 12.	lender extorted something over 1800
EB-EBEHÜ
’ ,	'	.	.	Annf9 which in the main ia to prevent a recur
Lake Tern,,cam,ngue-revenue $337. fence of auch outrage* :
«SK iff !£r =	1 ing well assorted range ol Fac
paid, $769.91 mrnm
It may be of interest to our local read j it is desirable that the protection of the U()ry Tweeds KcrSCVS Flail-era to learn that Shawville i. ahead of [»w "hould be extended to necessitous J	J ’
Jt'Z.ù i',h.	I r,:r, âïatïïiï "r."'c”' 'mAa-Blankcta’alao ains,e and
ders issued. The Government have pro vided the town of Aylmer with â| <*t Act, 1897 :
coiimicidiuu.	building. Cu.id jpJztrtutr;::: i
they not be persuaded to do the same the Revised Statues of Canada, the rate thing for Shawville, in view of the figures of interest reserved or payable on bonds, we have quoted Î If Aylmer is entitled promissory notes, bills or contracts of any
- .h.STL'S
of ita revenue return*, the eame reaeon | pay » higher rate of intere.t ahall be valid. I rc.1l 1 holds good with regard to Shawville. I 3. If in an action hereafter brought |
Those who pretend to have the "pull" on * bmld. promissory note, bill or con-
,h.	u, ,h= d„. ..d rJ'b:% LI‘LSra^Llî.
who profess to have a deep interest in count of interest in excess of eight per the promotion of enterprises of benefit cent, per annum, the judge may in his to the county, should bestir themselves discrotiHn treal 8Uch excessive payments
the direction indicated.	I accordingly.
4. This act implies to instruments and Mr. Whitney, leader of the Conserva-1 agreements heretofore as well as here-
ari'io° "v0-, °"‘"io,
tnre, lx g an a political tour of \\ estern i made before the passing of this act.
OflÉlllêoii Saturday.	|	\ few days after the introduction of
the bill as above set forth, Sir Oliver
Germany and Belgium it is announced, I pUi“.ed tbat the ueewjl, under the
have formally protested to Great Britain eTOt,?« laW8( ofa lud8e of one ?f ‘he against the tariff discrimination Canada is f^/mr court, in the province of Que-
the case, we will get an authoritative in. Pe,r °*nt f*	h,m .t0
terpretation of what our tariff means, and 'ntrvduce .,he.bdL SlnC8 introducing it
what duties Canada may collect on For- b'TT' h“ l,“dlre=,.^ed .? nu"lbor eign imports. That is the position potest* aga.ns the b.ias.t.ood mak
which a blundering Liberal Government “ ,™P°8aib,ti * c,lllect 'n,8r88t 0V8r and a subservient Liberal majority in theu rote e,8ht f8"* per annum.
,h* -i.trk
following clauses replace them.
any	by the
The petition against the election of|tenna °f an> contract, whether under
Mr. Lauaon, M. P. for St. Boniface, tbeBeal ®r not| n,îde Payahle et »/ate Man., ha, been dismissed on account of I'°f P8"80^8 P«r day, week or month, or
Our stock of merchandise is large and well assorted,includ-
Wo have in stock
Bunting & Flags
We also have in stock
Dry Ochres, Whiting,
Paris Green, Brushes,
Raw 86 Boiled Oils, Putty, etc.
as five per cent per annum ; and, whereas
for decorating. A few cents will make your place look gay.
1. This act may be cited as the Inter
double Yarns
O
J. H. SHAW.
Be sure and get our prices before purchasing.
P.S.—See our Lunch Baskets.
E. H0DCIN8 & SONS.
G. F. BOBBINS.
VIT ANTED—SEVERAL ? ? Women to travel for responsible established house In tin» county of Pontiac. Salary $780, a We #15 weekly and expense». Position permanent. Reference. Enclose self-addressed stamped envelope. The National, Star Building, Chicago,
FAITHFUL MhX OR
Shawville Furniture store.
THE
pay
ex
ex
PONTIAC
WOOLLEN
Lime for Sale
Fresh burnt Lime constantly on hand or 20 cants per bushel at THOMAS SHARPE’S lime kiln, Caldwell, Que.
FURNITURE,
FURNITURE,
FURNITURE.
THE PERFECT TEA
MILLS
MONSOON
Have commenced operations for | All Orders Promptly
the present season.
the incompetency of the petitioners, who j im interest exceeding "he 'rate ^f* 0 %r
during the hearing of the preliminary ob cent per annum, shall not be chargeable,
j actions to the petition were shown -to pa7al?le ,or recoverable on any part of the
1 principal money unless the contract con
tains a statement showing truly the per
And so this case again il-1 annum rate of percentage of interest to
lustrâtes the old saying that when the which such other rate or percentage of
Liberals are making the most fuss about	*a equivalent.
. .	, ;. .	...	If any sum is paid on account of any
the wrong doing of their opponents, they interest not chargeable, payable or re
themselves will be found to be deepest in | coverable under the above section, such
sum be recovered back or deducted from any principal or interest payable under such contract.”
The bill as amended passed through committee but was not reported in order to permit of further discussion thereon.
thc
In the World
FROM THE TEA PLANT TO THE TEA CUP
Filled.
have participated in illegal acts during the election
IN ITS NATIVE PURITY
" Tea is packed under the suncrvinioo of the Tea growers, and & advertised and sold by them as a sample of the best qualities of Indian and Ceylon Teas. For that reason they see that none bu
REPAIRING
That Is why *'Monsoon,' the perfjctTi sold at the same price as Inferior tea.
O
can be
CARDING
It is put up in sealed caddies of H lb., i Ih. and S lbs , and sold in three flavours at 40c., 50c. and 60c.
j. McArthur.
the mire of corruption
If your fmcer does not keep it, tell him to write to STEEL. HAYTER & CO., 11 and .3 Front St.
G. M. Donaldson's old stand.
AND
The Methodist Conference at Ottawa protested against allowing horse races to be held at agricultural fairs. The Methodist brethren do not appear to be as well up on the law as they are in morals. There are no horse races at Ontario's agricultural fairs.	the law as pre*
pared by that good man, Sir Oliver JE??11**. AgrV:u!lllr,al	Wo. 1,
Mowst, horse racing i, forbidden. All	%:%%%#
that is permitted is trials of speed, for farms containing 50 acres and over. In each
9 ™	t0, th6 V;ri0U1 Br^cïrrendo’LulffflX^r^S
2.10, 2 20, 2.30 and other classes of am* the east hal/of Mansfield. Each township to
mais It. was very wrong of the confer.	Œ'or^ntnec can be supplied b,
ence to give its sanction to the déclara* any of the directors or the secretary on ap-	e
lions of those ribald fellows who pretend plication. All entries must be filled out and	A -yy i	wi An nn
that a trial of speed of horn,, is nothing	10111161186
but a horse race, and the Mowat law a annual subscription of $1, if not already paid, glaring specimen of political humbug.—
Montreal Gazette.
SPINNING
Satisfactorily Executed
as usual.
REMOVAL BACK TO OLD STAND.
I HAVE THEM I
Notice to Farmers.
Expresses. Road Carts. Buggies.
' The subscriber desires to inform his old customers and the public generally that he has removed his blacksmithing business back to his old stand on Main Street ( opposite nobody,) where he is now prepared to execute all work with which he may be favored in a most satisfactory manner.
stock of
JOHN YOUNG,
President
E. GRAHAM.
Tec. Treas
TWEEDS
A whole car-load of Buggies, Road Carts, Express Wagons, just received, which you are invitea to inspect.
Special attention paid to
H0RSB-S20BXH0 -0
AND ALL KINDS-
J0BBIN8 AND RBPAIBING.
The Bale Mac.
The Baie des Chaleurs Railroad runs through Bonaventure and Gaspe. Its completion and operation are matters of much concern to the people of the two a. Last winter, when it was
o
If you want a good substantial buggy, elegantly designed and well-finished, I can suit j I you. Call early.
to select from See them.
See our Suit at $10. It’s a corker.
known that the provincial elections were coming on, the Dominion Government undertook to operate the completed section, and the report was started that it, . would continue to do so, and finish the | town. line. The Bonaventure by-election to Parliament has been held,and, also, the, .	___	_
provincial elections. Last Sunday it be- ; IfUf TVKOS. came known also that Mr. Flynn was 1 elected in Gaspe, beyond peradventure, and the road was of no further poi On Monday the Dominion Go

Chargea Moderate
Largest range of Pantings
All kinds of Serges, includ-
General BMsœlttog.
Thanking the public for past favors, the subscriber hopes by strict attention to J I business and by giving good satisfaction to merit a continuance of their patronage.
A. HODGINS
Proprietor.
A. R. McGuire,
A. SMILEY,
1 ideal
vem
ment ceased to operate it Its political purpose had been served.
J. LESTER.
“The Tailor."
P.8.—$10.00 Suite guaranteed.
Shawville.
Shawville, May 25th.
Shawville, Not. 9, 1S96
###PAGE###5###

V
- ", -
r -







• ¦ .

m

Pic nio—are you going t if so you bet. ter oall and get one of those pretty lunch **k#h	J. U. Shaw.
Sir Ciisrlee Tupper will be dined by the m , members and senators of the Conservative	» lhoueand P00P*e witnessed the
party in the Senate restaurant on Wed- «'9,?arkation. ot th® Canadian jubilee nesday evening.	military contingent at Quebec on Satur-
#:###
being blasted on Main St. a vein of good where the Vancouver was lying. At 7 45 f 0 of * 1 °°\ 1 h!e ,lin,a;tl hfti won first (juartx was struck. Assays will be made the Queen's Own Canadian’ Huuir. and P^«®	"jf^ted.
and if t ho result# warrant development Eighth Royal Rifles with bands marched	THOMAS MoDOWELL,
work may be commenced.	down to the breakwater to receive the	7th *“"*• Clarendon.
Mr. Duffy, the new Minister of Publie	w>°, îoll"wel '""bout ten min-
Worlra for tbia province will be opposed ule* beaded by the It. 0. A. band and
n««a:
by Mr. Fred England of Knowltm.	enthusiasm, and the men were repeatedly to be furnished with	proper diploma*, work
y,™	ssn-ztrtiR'sr s
back, and do you feel as if your dress and	bauds played “The Girl 1 Left Behind
cloak was a burden for you to wear, and	Me” and other lively tunes on the way to
most any kind of a noise would almost	the Whaif, and all four bands “Auld	__	_
¦care the life out of you? Please to speak	Lang 8y»e" before the vessel sailed,	TeaChCM Wanted,
to your mother about it, and if she is an amidst repeated cheering. As the Van-	... .
SR?- -h:s 7 SfU	ÏSKSSzi
te 2,7 Strife" asx.'ssjs? SzJtrsz EESEEHE3 '"«ïïiScx at	sr ür —=
Before	the men of
Geo. Oahan, the man who recently Battalion were presented by admirers forged Hon. R. R Dobell's name to a with $250 in gold. The contingent pre	Tea	n4
cheque for $150 was sentenced at Quebec rented a splendid appearance, and were WVÜVUl A UtiUJAUlQ W dutwU.
= naaâanis
same criminal who some years ago at well and in the very beet of spirits. Such Mac, Prov. of Quebec, will receive applies-
Toronto threw vitriol in the face of Lou * demonstration of popular feeling ha. ?iSk*°S.“nMM&Mh?'line&th d5? Sivert, and disfigured that popular young not been seen here for many years past, of June. Instant, to supply the thirteen man for the remainder of hi. day., and greatly p!ea.ed the men.
Magistrate Denison, at the trial, sent	._ ma they hold.
him down for life, and when an effort was made a few yeara ago to have him released, the late Sir John Thompson, then minister of justice, looked into the case and decided, during his term of office, j| that such a criminal should never be al lace 2. lowed beyond the prison walla. Oahan, however was recently released by Sir I lot, 9 Oliver Mo wat.¦ ¦	h 1 I
Oa&ftAUa Jubilee Regiment
NOTICE.
lirAÎJTED-HIVRJUL PAITBfUL MRS 08 ? ? Women to travel for responsible wtabllshed hjnise la the oonnty of Pont Ur. Ha Ur y f780. ; ajrabU 116 weekly and expenses. Foeltlon permanent. Refer* ne s. f"gW> well-addressed stamped envelops. The National, Htar Building, Chicago.
BAIL» FOR ENGLAND,
JOSEPH RICHARD.
Otter I uk
Farm for Sale.
6Ui May, V7;
i
L?.ïa r? and "bed*, borne stable, earrings aned, granary, and other outbuilding* erect
e7£!L "«nlgjMi well wood d and watt
2" 'ssssf ,lme-
RJf&KT"*'
À. J. JACKSON.
For
pply to the undersigned or by letter to Hhswvllle
ROBERT STOREY.
March fflrd. 1897.
SHAWVILLE, QUE.
Tenders Wanted.
WANTED !
House & Sign Painter, Glider, Glazier, Decorator.
A Man in every district
where we are not represented, to sell our high grade fruit and ornamental trees, shrubs, berry-bushes, hedging, roses, aet*d potatoes and bulbs. Apply now and get choice of territory ; steady employment the entire year or. good pay. Send $1 for sample jubilee package of I year old, transplanted gooseberry bushes for Fall delivery.
H LANC*.
8h*w ville, June 3,1MV7.
Seo'jr-TreAnnrer.
ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO*
ESTIMATES FURNISHED.
our two
E. P. BLACKFORD & Co.,
Toronto, Ont.
IRST CLASS WORKMANSHIP^AND SAT-
ISFACTION GUARANTEED.
StMvTreAaurer.
Hhawvllle, Jane 8,1397.
Brock ville, Ont.
o
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
FARMERS.
By order,
HUGH MATHEHON.
Secretary-Treasurer.
MAT SCHOOL REPORTS.
TAILORING. JUST RECEIVED
Shawvllle, 6th June, W.
No. 11 Clarendon.
Book V.—Percy Eadee 1, Mabel Wal | KmToI* & ©Tailite Works
Thorne Centre, Hue.
Car Load
Book IV. —David Grant 1, Nellie Dun-
lasser - Harris Macliias.
Book III.—Prend» Coughlin 1, Eva The undersigned wishes to Inform the pub- ^ KillG Tailoring W G BIG
_ snssfesssi;
™. .......... 2tEH3m e essees JWS------------------------------------—
Dear Sir*, —For some time 1 have been Homer (equal) 3.	be fountl wcond to none in the market.
troubled with Bright* Disease. The I Primer.-Emma Wallace 1, Harold doctors said I could not live three months, Connelly 2, Joseph Nicholas 3. but thanks to Dr. Allen's “Pearly Peb Attendance. — Jennie Carty, Nellie blés” I am now fully recovered ; and Dunlop, Irene Wallace, when I see a sick friend I always tell him	A. E. McCullaoh, Teacher,
to take “Pearly Pebbles" because they saved my life. I know they did. Sur foring friends, try them. It only took ail boxes to cure me. Yours Truly,
An Earthly Saviour tor Mankind.
Bead, Will You.
Drills Rakes Binders Mowers Disc Harrows
Take advantage of these| Broadcast Seeders
facts and place your order with us.
8TONE-M * BONTtY. -Contracta taken for all kinds of stone-masonry under architects plans.
Correspondence Solicited.
We can make a suit to fit and please you.
JAMBS RILEY.
No. 1, Upper Litchfield.
Business Change
Shawville Livery.
Intending purchasers would do well to see the Massey Harris DISC HARROW, with chilled ball bearings and steel beam, supplied with or without whiffie-trees and neck yoke.
Also, the new Massey Harris COMBINED DRILL & SEEDER, with
force feed (true to name) and pressure springs. The lightest draught, and best Drill in the market, —
And the Massey Harris BROADCAST SEEDER, better than ever.
T. Buuidui. I eStur"”"1 L"° *• Alb”*
C. FRAME
Grade IV.—Mabel Letts 1, Irvine Blackwell 2, Ben Gibeon 3.
Grade 111.—Anna E McLean 1, Janet I	McLellan 2, Harry Loken 3.
The marriage of Mr Michael Needham, Crade II —Susie Lawn 1, Winnie Me* third son of Mr. and Mrs. Patrick Need Lean 2, Arthur Letts and David Moor-ham, to Miss Mary A. Shea,eldest dnugh- bead (tnual) 3.g |	|	| Jg
ter of Mr. and Mrs. John Shea, of Oalu	part fr.—Dora May Havlin 1, Howard
met Island, was solemnized at an early Smith 2, Harold Letts 3.	HI
hour on the morning of June 1st, in St. j Primer.—James Lawn 1, Willie Lok-Anne’s R. C. Church. The ceremony en 2, Moses E. Havelin 3. was performed by the Rev. Father Pic- Attendance.—Annie and Winnie Me cotte, P. P. The young couple took the Lean 1, Howard Smith 2. train the same morning on a visit to the Capital, 'midst a shower of rice. The | g bridesmaid was Misa Maggie Needham, while the groom was supported by Mr Charles Shea. The bride was the recipi. ent of numerous and very elegant pres ents, showing the high esteem in which the young lady was held by her large circle of friends.—Com.
Wedding Belle.
5
NEK!)HAM SHEA.
The undersigned wishes to inform the citizens of Shawville and the public generally that they have purchased the Livery of Robert Hobbs. By giving strict attention to business and furnishing comfortable rigs and good horses, they hope to merit a share of public patronage.
Fashionable Tailor, Shawville.
GLOBE
IcArlir & Yonne, saving & loan co.,
Conduct.—Susie Lawn 1, Ben Gibeon
:o:
AGENT FOR THE
Susie M. Smiley, Teacher. No. 13, Bristol.
Head Office, Toronto, Ont.,
tesei-flarm & Crescent
BICYCLES.
O

Authorized Capital - - $10,000,000, Shares -
My Advantage is also yours.
Grade IV.—May DeLisle 1.
Grade III, Sr —
Gilpin 2 John Kehoe 3.
Grade HI, Jr.—Emma Henderson 1, James Graham 2, Sadie Meeham 3.
• - $100 each,
Minnie Gone 1, Dora
These wheels are equal to any in the market, and can be had at reasonable prices.
HODOIK8 PHELPS.
Mr. Alex. Hodgine, of Greermount, Grade II.—Nettie Cone 1, Donald I have the advantage over others In the Thorne, joined hands in mstriraony, on Kehoe 2, Nora DeLisle 3.	J*1m
Saturday, the 29th ult., with Misn Myr- Grade I.—Mildred Kehoe 1.	n Is therefore to your advantage to deal I JOHN FLETT
tie Phelps, late teacher at that place. First Primer.—David Gilpin 1, M. K. with me. as yon have the choice of the larg-1 Juru> r**&**» The bride hail, from Eaetman, Que. Elliott 2. Willie Fleming 3, Lola Kehoe eel‘‘’d	enable .took in town
Rev. H. Plaiated, M. A., performed the 4, Willie Kehoe and Tewie Field, (equal) H.vlog h^'oo™ d8Drable%i™Tlence°ln*Te ceremony.	5.	leading wholesale houses of Toronto, she Is
Attendance. — Minnie Cone and Emm.	H‘“ ""
Henderson (equal) 1, David GUpin and
2, Nettie Cone 3.
I. G. Morrison, Teacher.
E. W. DAY,
Manager & Secretary. —	— President.
— Vice-President.
Style! WM BELL,
New Williams
Sewing Machines
Daisy Churns,
We re-trim old haU and bonnet, with good I hae been organized iÉTshairvilïeandla I Standard W aSherS,
ÏXS atei*Xlte“	lh,r“ Plow», Cultivators, &o.
OORDON-HUOHE8.
Wednesday last contributed more than I ( ,l*i,lh an ordinary quota to the sphere of connubial blissed ness. Mr. J. Gordon, of Brie-1 ________
tol, and Miss L. Hughes, daughter of Mr. J. Hughes, of the same place, were among those who joined hearts and hands on that date, although particulars of the happy event are not to hand at this writing.
Mrs. Jas. McCredie,
A. Lyon, M.D., President.
J. A. Cowan, vice-President.
W. W. Ireland, Secretary and Agent. S. A. MacKay, Solicitor.
Any information required will be given
--OOOOOOOOOOOOO*" I by •PP,Jin* to the undersigned.
Shop opposite Pontiac House.
A
JUBILEE
ENTERTAINMENT.
o
All correspondence attended to prompt
iy-
A. S. SMART,
MILLER DALE.
Shawville, too, had a hand in the in (creating business on that date, and as a result was a loser by the transaction, inasmuch as a young man from the vicinity of River Desert—Mr. Henry Miller—carried off an estimable young lady of the village in the person of Miss Selina Dale, daughter of Mr. Thoe. Dale. The ceremony was performed at the Manse, Bris-by the Rev. T. A. Nelson.
w. W. IRELAND,
Secretary and Agent.
Parkman, Que.
Aireokt!:Ü.trnSoeial: Grand Spring
No. 8 school, clarendon, | Millinery—
Opening. Efâ
April 13, 1897.
SHAWVILLE SASH AND DOOR FACTORY.
McCredie & Hedging, - - Proprietors.
on the evening of
Friday, June 11th, 1897.
\
tol
Each lady (who wishes to do so) will bring a basket or shoebox containing enough lunch to supply two persons and also plane inside Mr. James Judd, son of Mr. Benjamin I the box or basket a gent's necktie, and wear Judd, of Thorne, is another young gent- * badge or apron to correspond with the tie. leman who became securely enfettered in Then, after the Entertainment proper, these the meshes of Cupid’s net on Wednesday. ***** will be sold to the gentlemen, and they The young lady chiefly responsible for on opening the boxes and finding the ties, this is Miss Eliza A. Woods of the same win 8eerch for the l6d,e8	the badges
place. Rev. Jas. L. Flanagan, of Greer-	when each °°up,e **
mount, well and effectually tied the knot. ' eAl lunob ^ther.
Having received an immense and well assorted stock of Spring Millinery, I desire to inform the ladies of Shawville and surrounding country that I can supply them with anything they may require in the above line.
JUDD WOODS.
Sashes, Doors, Mouldings, Blinds, etc,, etc,,
All kinds of Plaining and Matching
executed. ||
*
My stock is complete and up to date and embraces all the latest and most fashionable designs.
. I have also on hand a large stock of I manufactured. Ladies’ Blouses of the veiy latest styles.
To see these goods is an inducement to buy.
m
All are cordially invited, and a good time Remember that Dr. Allen’s Pearly »¦ expected;
Pebbles have no bought nor cooked re- Don’t forget the dAte-June 11,
commendations ; their benefits are living witnesses. Then we ask you this : Have yod a pain in your back from strained kidneys I If yoû have, then we say six boxes will cure it, and we mean just exactly what we say. Try them.
es, post paid, for $1. Address, Alii-M dicine Co., Brock ville, Ont.
Doors open at 7 p.m.
Building Contracts taken and Estimates Furnished.
Mias A. McRae.
Entertainment at 7.80, p, m.

Admission : - - Children 10c. Adults 15c. Ladles bringing baskets admitted free.
P.8.—Prices the lowest.


Two Boxes le be sold at ten cents each.

LUMBER ALWAYS ON HAND.
PROVENDER FOR SALE,
R$G. Hodgins.

box
-ooooooooooooo-
3^»rear,ne prt~ tor

sen
Robt. McCredie.



###PAGE###6###



X

\
WINNING HER WAY
&> the* tiUM grww up In the old ltn-den-shsded house. When eut two |H of agw nhe looked out of lta wind
03ÂTTT BURGLAR.
______
SSSSS*	pâîüîâs iTSSSE
£HEF™ SW>"- ™jiSse=S@l %###% 'Sr-=~h=~î	ElêsISss e™=h==
«Sïïsrjarrüs SSyF* --	™ ” “ " ¦— -*-
froen her bright intelligent eyes.	"It is had enough, of courue 1 hut ! his upper lip and hie mmulexion as rosy him for trial all the same.	Jnvedtigatloin whows that the roV
ggzrsrjnx
Bdded- oppressing a sob. "come, shall we call her r she continued Frau von Raieilow looked at him in "1 didn't tell a lie. uncle." exclaimed they went straight to an old bureau Hegebach, you have other duties; think calmly, "Shall we name her 'Elisa- astaniahsnent.	tt ‘	in Mr. Nic hoi's room, in the bottom
- - ».... Hr1»-“ «*¦ ssSrSS'tSÇSkâvS rSH?-— sr--
not a young man. and sorrow made "Good-bye, Hegebaoh:	would you ernews.”	Dolly turned scarlet	. large denominations, and warn between
him appear still older. His eyea rested no< like to see the baby !’’	Her work dropped into her lap and "She didn’t think of it in that light, the iw,OT of w old book. Mr. Niohol*
wX,.tt T r"‘- —“	üsxk sj^as — —- —1— %.?; J?:î*£ïal«.	~ ^ -w~t
« nl> elumihvnng upon its	off.	' Morits, I do not know how you can	ever her faults may be—and I'm not	Mi*» Nicholas story of her chat with
pillow; then turning abruptly, he left	"Well. I hone she will prove a bless-	think of much a thing. If I had daugh-	denying perhaps that ehe has as many	the burglars is even more peculiar. She
the room, not like a grief-stricken man. in* to y eu, Hegehadh; that you will tars of my own. I should. perhnpe-I as other oeople—she always tells the	lhfi
\ta-sr ^	————-
gently	rearranged the white napkin	With a flush of anger upon hv-r	she is unfortunately spoiled enough	"He's all right, air ; the Italian con-	Qf the window and call for help. She
e laio, then ahe took the era-	man carrying the infant, she entered	her. at least in the winter, ride in—"	I made an effort to express her grati-	Ut the lamp, pulled down the window
die from it* corner and bore it away her carriage.	She replied calmly : "If you caw tude to Martin for the kindness he had slswiee and began to
ÆUprsr, xs£ aS-vEiH Hipbwsafiwv'B	v jarjs ! - 'ZSXZXSFSZ..
opened the door and entered a small traveling-dfmsm. rubbed down the steps "You have the	right to decide,	mo-	the same under the circumstances ; and saw bam	lake her	money	ahe	said:
chamber lighted by a single window, opened the door and kissed the lady's ther 1"	you know well that I'd do ten times |	What	are you taking my money forf
ErE^E-9--3>-irwarj-'^sr^	-
1 H ftxr a ladJ cf rank. There was no gone to the funeral in this dr**. Great house here together t"	you were." said Dolly; and Mar* 1 wool take It, then."
one in the room, but upon the sofa lay Heavens! what in that t" he cried. He laughed and kissed the hand she tin went home that night feel in* hap- He put It back, 'lftwn he walked over
% ivSîSs 1
T1i« tall, wtately lady fell upon her you will let her fall I”	in* aharnly at the you a* man.	to marry Martin.	he tied hex wriite and made her fast
knee, beside the rafa and buried her But the young man. with the open "Ye,. I am. dear mother.” he replied. ’’I’m right glad to hear it. my girl,” to the bed with a «nail cord, face in the cn^hinn,	«"uitenaoce, had already taken the drawing nearer her eide. I will eon- «id Lynch ’ you couldn t have a Where % your father s money !" he
...t.. I? ^	tiny bundle in hi, arm, and bore it few, honestly. I have thought of it.” better or a kinder hu,hand. All I'm demanded.
Ah, she murmured, “your pros- into the house, followed by his mother "Whom bare you chomn. MoritsT" afeared of 1, that you don’t really know pact, are not very bright, you poor and the nura	“An	old flame,	little mother ;	but	bow to value him ”
thing I No mother! And your father "°h. Heaven, I" he exclaimed, as he do not worry ; the has just gone	to |	“I think I do. uncle." «id Dolly.
2'Z"	‘^vfsfWws. .... .h.
you arc tt girl. Why were you not » it is 1-Poor, rienr Lb»!" And be turn- there? She will grow pale and thin; boy ? And they have all left you of *d hastily to the window in order to she will become a nervous nuppet ; she course! They lei vou scream here and hld<* <he tears which sprang to his will never be a healthy wife and mo-r*ri«di oMk Mv, 1	®J®«-	ther; and have you thought of what
1 * ¥nUk hlmg» I	"You see. motner,* ue added, after a she will unlearn: all love of a peaceful,
bne paused and for a moment gazed pause, "if gnu had not persuaded Lisa, domestic life will fly out of the window, reflectively at the wee. red fate which when that morose old captain proposed You should not have let her go away, was again puckered up into a hunr to.,^r- "&*	«HH be alive."	Moritx if jrou want her to remain,in-
drad ^iZtLy f: aaat.ar cry,
Wait, just wait," said ahe, quickly his arms. "For whom should the girl
Nive waited ?"—The noun g man's eyea filled with, tear*»— "f will hear no reproaches. Lima fulfilled her duties as * wife ; now let the subject reft "
"Will the little one remsln with list"
"Certainly; where should she go?"
"That is kind of you." mold he, twin-
ing^his arms about the stately woman. At another time. Dolly would have
1 am not sentimental. Your father	^be rapid drive, but now her ^ eighteen-footer would trot along velope which h ' took from the hook,
was inclined to sentimentality, and you onI.v sensation was one of terror at	b0y—he knew what was ajwl also a pencil. Her finger» were
have inherited it from him."	the ordeal before her. At the end of	12 h 1" free, the cord being tied about her
tovf.	j	couX'Tt: iz.	nsz 7^3%^
uron her handsome hoy.	M lnto villa	residences, these again	until he came lo the ball, and then he	"Take this to the next house	and
"Now. my Ron. we muc* provide for	gave	place to	terraces, which in their	would pick it	up and bend -his head	leave it under Uw door." she
M/rH; r	SiflffvASafe a
he added gayly ; "Give me the young pulled up at the door of the court- seen it roll down into the gutter, he timued Cantata von Belohow however told llî^7 Wl^ r<UTy ber up! I must he Ihoune. Making their way into the went as usual after the giralfe. When "Then I'll put it cm the steps
hi, younger	coxnrsdee. on	the	wmy	to	I Aunt Lott WV> Frau von Rate now’.,	^	"^<*ed	‘®urt’ “art.®h aIte' ‘	roMïïf ^4“ h" t<»k	*'*'* °”	^ bur*,a:
tfl* house of	mourning,	that be	knew	foster-eister and cousin, and the own-	*	1 of	“rguinent with a police-	^ fMwe ouL	^ gutter and looked	They bad Home further conversation
from auttienne sources uuat Hegobach'a Ijf of a	cjdate at Z—; but. with nwin. succeeded in sending a message down at the boy in the yard with a ta which the man assured her that he
####&##% spciis»
ElKiESii S~=S iSSSSSsl ###%
Frao von Rat enow had nursed the	reading a rwalm; rfhe awe a blaWk	concealing the fact until now. The ter-	I mllexl down the water nine "	b7 the ^urnsf ones which have been
young mother during her illness, and	drew and black apron, for she had | rible truth* concerning the clock once	picked up by the detectives, were the
ïX<Zfix'7 Ex	I ir°- ?—r- ¦"* h-d,
men were distantly related.	year before, the girl tad tearful]v and hl< e and 110 came successfully through	WHY HE FELT LONELY.	Not a lock barred t heir entrance to both
Frau von Hcgetadh had no parents	timidly placed her hand in that of tar	Lh* ordeal, the fact that she had nev-	What's the matter with you	? asks the 1jOOTna-aPd girl, hearing the men
rod Mw regimental band nr needed the	oat a word on Aunt Lott’, lap.	*vtlen at ,en*th ,he "** allowed to go	Don’t you like this city!	Niobol,’» note was not left at the
Dowvg-4adee ooffia. fdaytn#y, “JtaiA "There, auntie, now you have some- down, her uncle, who was waiting for j don't like this earth	neig ibor's by the chatty burglar.
SKSafCSEi	s SaîsüSSS "4 S22SS2L1 — *,«»»	™,
ess Eâmim
eerted ; only one carriage with two w* take care of tar with all my house- "Don't scold bar now. Mrs. Lynch." ltu, utter selfishness without7a \SnaL , mother, the queen regent'
m\mm^ p-ss® ¦=-
ta? i.rS*US2 *îr. ™ “"gr'u, «a. Mh StrtS • — ®» m TH» euüm, m-WLvm
fîmHSS! E	J;a?jas.kgLtt	EmHHBiE É
bar hat and shawl.	von Ratenow on a foot-fool—and t^r	there's much doubt of It now."	most cotwplcuous of	them being the	fjret place Ln my daughter's heart But
"Good-bye HegeWh.,"	##ld	she.	"11talked so earn^Hly of tta demd that Mrs. Burke waa a stout, kind-heart-	atUennariua. a email	fidh frequenting	that too. will happen some day when
must go home; they have	just	sent	for	they did not hear Frag von Ratenow	ed old woman, somewhat higher in the	the Sargasso Sea.	wihicfa literal I >	a buahand comes along"
„„ “n't*	s? r,	N	"?s as* ay» &srs aspn.s±s: ssrs
^He'iïi^wXjg at tta window as-he	J** Uth*T *• of	t^d ut>se‘made^a^rr^t f^M	gluant^“wîth ‘îts^re a hiLtand* I shall rn^ii alotm^UkeEt
ipokf. he turned and looked in amt on- he is not like me!	about her. and insisted on her resting tins.	j isabeth of England "
ears
owe,
I
MISS NICHOLS'S TALK WITH THE ROBBER WHO TIED HER.
DowaMalim rb4 ##**
T#I4 Nina Mew N«fh Money Her Father Ned and Where It Warn-A men I tie# In herniary.
The
are most remarkable. Never
Tile
II»
men downstairs in her fa-
the door, nor did she put her head out
The

ÉLU I
"Down si aim in an old »>ook in the low<v bureau drawer tn 'bis room." she replied.
The burglar went downstairs, and turning in a minute with the Ixxjik. sal down, upon tasr bed and began to take the money from between the leaves. He asked Low much there was, and lb*) replied that when t*he counted it a few days before there was about $500. After he had completed the "Good naluredf" mid the old circus <*>u?t she aefced:
mao, "W TT* ** in the world |	% 5SÈJ	dollar^
When the ol dmon's boy used to get the burglar axwwvr<*l. a baseball lodged in a gutter at the As he turned to go she asked him
hoar g* was going to get loose. The burglar replied that her brother would .	_ A be up to the house m the morning and
—he never used to get out at the «cut- he would set her free. She «aid t»*me-
tle and climb down the roof and take times be did not come there at all dur-the ri* of falling off and breaking
s* •• «•*«¦
the barn and get out the giraffe. The glar said. He bonded her an old en-
(The End.)
THE USEFUL GIRAFFE.
ployrd le Cel Dew» Ralls Thai Nad Lodged la the Rear Caller.
(To Be Continued.)
seising the child, *T will take you with me to the castle. What can he do with such a baby V•
Two days thereafter, Ciaptain Hege-baoh's young wile was buried short life wua the talk of the entire village, and he who was ignorant of the details, eoon learned that she was a
eaves of the 1
this was when we
•TUI
THE PILOT’S CLOCK.
.ware off the rood in winter quarters
Her
CHAPTER V
very poor girl, who had only married the man, Who was likewise poor, and many years tier senior, in order to have aoeneone to care for her.
No one had looked for bis marriage, for he was an old bachelor. It was
id
just a year bdnoe he had brought that sunbeam into his house to gladden it —what brief happiness I
and
Hegel
letter
Thai is all
' •
• Li
I
me



###PAGE###7###

SOIE LATE C
Sd*Sm3:	‘*“r*1* SERIOUS C0MLIGATI0H3.
G

The bird to tE^ *mt mod the bee to
the cxienb,/	¦	1
When the ni^ht wind tram the beavu oppjçfAL CELEBRATION OP THF
•ai falls dreary ;	.1	ÈÈ Wt I I ¦
And lore to Hi» light of the window»
The British fruit steamer Kthelred,
ss*™ i-’tji waters m“„o5™,m "am
Spanish oru leers, which fired shtate	Di-M AN US.
aerase her bows.
QUEEN’S BIRTHDAY.
tHB VERY LATEST FROM ALL THE
WORLD OVER.
She Claim All C*i«»r«4 Territory I»
Tfcli light it the lore of my dwt#. | »s»trlheltoii #f She MU* Belief Feed
Veto Fer If Aralai She ter**» ArWI levy — A KnmIm Arts»** W*»led to
The log of the Mayflower, which was entrusted to Mr. Bayard by the London corns Let or Lai convention, warn formally presented to the commonwealth of Massachusetts on Wednesday.
Henry Marion Howe, of Boston, the son of Julia Ward Howe, who h#u» been appointed professor of metallurgy in Columbia College, is a cousin of K. Marion Crawford, the popular novelist.
Robert J. Powley, under sentence to be electrocuted at Auburn, N.Y., for wife murder, may* be is a Canadian and that he Intends to call the attenion of
the Canadian Government to bis case rope an	JBI
At a meeting of about thirty rabble can be no doubt that whether the Poland laymen in New York on Tuesday ^an is only bluffing, or la the victim
making it a State.	without the risk of the gravest com-
A father and two eons were killed plication», near Duluth. Minn., on Wednesday, by an exlonion of dynamite, which they were " thawing out." Their home was wrecked and the mother and a third eon probably fatally injured.
HhmiiIi -Forward Nwvrwral #1 ïi/k-lull Freep» — The Ferle*» Krply «• She I'oiler live Note.
Oft through the lonely heart there
end yet well
Interesting Item# About Our Own Country,
ridge
A note no étrange known ##0^# Oft froen the past Thoughts which mine own.
Greet Britain, the United States, end AM Parte of the Globe,
Warder the # nr.
The correspondent of the London Standard at Constantinople say# :— "The Council of Ministers has decided to prolong the armleti<X|i||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||
fune even to discuss the retrocession of Thessaly, but will leave the other points for consideration to the pow-80 far as the note to the Eu-orbitrators is concerned there
A despatch from London say is :—The
swift memdry bring* official celebration of the Queen's birth-were mine and not	was oieerved in London with the
usual closing of the courte and Government offices, the ringing of church
WMch led me to life's pastures green, jutes, and the ceremony of trooping
S tow a 2% ^ r;r:
London took part
CANADA
, Winnipeg will celebrate jubilee day with a l»ig demonstration.
Mr J. H. K. Malum, President of Ute Molvoa Dank died at Montreal.
Immigrants from Guliria and Dakota are arr
berg.
It will re-
Frcen springtime's meadows sounds the
call
ers
gratita I rum Ualiviii an<i u lving at W1 nnlpeg in large
num-
A1 though the ceremony was somewhat marred by rain, it warn witnessed by the usual throngs of people Wales, Indian, and other detachment*
..«ou.,,.,	£%LTv“
lonon Order of Nursee.
Dr. Blanchard, a prominent Winnipeg physician, was sandbagged by footpads, but not seriously injured. Thv liants escaped.
A lot of Paris green was discovered In the cistern ofltev. George Honey’s residence at Wellandport. the water of which is used for drinking.
Mr. Robert Woolley, Hamilton, a letter carrier, and hie wife and child were poisoned by eating canned fish. They recovered under doctor’s care.
It Is thought desirable that the Canadian fund for the relief of the distress In India should now he finally closed, and the lists of tho subscribers are now being prepared.
Peterson, TVlt & Co., who have been awarded the contract for the fast service, have agreed under their contract to establish a service to SL John without any additional subsidy.
The Governor-General, at the of a deputation of Toronto which waited upon him, has agreed to submit to her Majesty a memorial praying her to authorize a Canadian military service medal.
The running of electric oars In Kingston on Sunday will likely be taken to the courts. It is said that the Lord's Day Alliance will accept the challenge and see whether much action is legal or not.
in g to the report of the Department of Fisheries, t he value of the Canadian fisheries for 1896 is computed at 120,199.338, being a decrease of more than half a million dollars as compared with the previous year.
It is evident from a report which has been presented to the Dominion Parliament that the British Government has refused and is likely to persist in a refusal of the application of the United States to reopen the seal question at the present time.
A communication has been received by the Ottawa authorities from the Imperial Government asking that the Am_____fishing cruiser J. Gerring. Jr.,
which was convicted of fishing within the three-mile limit, and confiscated, tx> let down as easy as possible.
GREAT BRITAIN.
The Prince and Princess of Wales visited Canterbury on Saturday, and opened the restored chapter of the cathedral.
Mr. Aubrey Beardsley, who has been in bad health for some time, is rapidly recovering, and is able to resume work.
The Jacobites are preparing to celebrate White Rose day by a banquet in London, on June 10th. the date of the birth of James, the Pretender, in 1688.
Oscar Wilde, in a long letter to the London Daily Chronicle, says the cruelty practised day and night upon children in English prisons is incredible except to those who have witnessed it.
It is believed to be certain that many, perhaps all, of the political prisoners will be pardoned early in June in commemoration of the Queen's diamond jubilee.
The Duchess of Tecfc spends more than $5,000 a year in religious and philanthropic wonts. The sum is just one-fifth the annual amount granted her by Parliament.
Mr. Henry Laboucbere has retracted moat of the charges he made against members of the Chartered South Africa Company of stock-jobbing in connection with the Transvaal raid.
The King of the Belgians has caused some excitement by paying a visit to London, incognito, travelling to Balmoral to see the Queen, and then departing from Glasgow in hie yacht at midnight.
The London correspondent of the New York Sun says nothing more has been heard of the suggestion to appoint the Duke of Teck Governor-General of Canada, and even hie friends appear to think It wise to cease the advocacy of hie claims.
The Medical
True happiness It understood Comaiats alone in doing good
The New South
A raindrop fell from this laden sky And a gray bird sang when the day | colonial troop# present attracted
considerable attention.
_	family was largely repr
By an arrow's thrust the bird was slain, trooping of the colors.
K thZ? fcU ,r°m *	°® ot Wale» was attended by the Duke
¦jh	of York, the Duke of Cambridge, the
Duke of Connaught, Prince Christian of Schleswig-Holstein, Lord Wolaeley, the Commander-in-Chief of the forces, and a large and brilliant staff, including àn Indian aide-de-camp,
Prin- <* was received with a Royal lute, which was given by the Grenadier Guards, the Coldstream Guard*, the Scots Greys, Second Life Guards, and the colonial troops. The Princess of Wales, the Duchess of Albany, the the King and Queen of Wurtemberg, Prince and Princess Charles of Denmark, the Duchess oi Fife, the IJucb* ** of Connaught, and others, witnessed the ceremony from the Commander-inChief's room in the Horse Guard* building.
Lord Radatock, secretary of the Society for the Christian Succour of India, has received a letter from the Rev J. O. Denning, an American clergyman at Narsingb^ur, relative to the dishonesty and incompetence of the natives who are administering the fam-fund. Mr. Denning says that, owing to the action of the Hindoo members of the local district committee, not a single halfpenny ha* reached the poor Hindoos. He adds that the members of this committee opposed all relief of children, on the ground that the only orphanage is Christian, and that to help the children would be helping the Christians.
A sharp drop in the Barnato group of South African securities was occasioned on Wednesday by a desjxitch from Cag>e Town stating that Barney Barnato was suffering from nervous prostration, which had compelled his friends to place him under restraint. The London representative of Barnato, however, announced later in the day that he had received a cable desnatch, stating that Barnato was suffering from a slight attack of Caj* fever, but it was added that his condition was not serious
The German Reichstag on Wedn day adopted a credit of 30 000,000 marks for the purpose of rearming the German artillery with improved field pieces. Herr Richter, the Radical leader, said his party was willing to vote for that purpose three times as much the rejected naval budget adding!--"We know well that in the matter of artillery svtbnt Is spared in iron might perhaps have to make up in
blood."	.	^	.	¦¦¦g
A young aHisan has been arrested
in the park of Tearsloe-Selo. seventeen miles south of Bt. Petersburg where the summer residence of the Emperor Is located, with, n dagger and a revolver in his possession. The prisoner said he wanted to murder the Czar, become famous, and be hanged like other "heroes."
TO RETAIN THEF8ALY
was nigh.
The crystal drop wan lost In the
The Royal nted at the
"The Grand Vlaisr on Saturday presented a report to the Sultan, urging that the whole of Islam waa fully de-
aaEEESS sssr
taining a disorderly house at the b|g in Armenian and other matters, when army barracks in New York. He was you firmly refused to be dictated to by remanded for sentence, and admitted ^	Therefore you should be
ont on bail.	eqimlly firm on thin occasion. But if
z;ur.r-
birthday at Springfield. 0 , recently, eignation '
" Mother Stewart," as she is called, organised the finit union at Osborn, O, with 100 members, in 1878.
The Right Rev. C.C. McCabe. Bishop waa, originally, for three days only of the Methodist Episcopal Chumh.saya ^ nothing but the energy of the
méIJHSEHS car*
Salisbury at length, assuring him of a wounded Turkish soldier at .th«j til the kindly feeling In the United States hoapital, on being invited by the
SmfeSkssA
agenden indicate #t alight .although The Sultan grew pale, and bis eyes very ilow Improvement In the general filled with tears.
trade movement. Manufactures uau- "Seyfullah Bey, chief of the staff of
as, wsaisia «¦» «*».	*»
dull and print cloth* are at about campaign has been summoned to Con* the lowest possible price. The ex- stantioople to give the military com-
i'-il sr:!’	— *“ »"•“ •*bu
on the dry goods trade.
The ceremony The Prion#
And a maiden's song was sad and low; For the one she deemed so true and strong
Proved fblae to singer and to song.
Sweetheart I ne’er taay know. Never may See ;
White in the blossom snow. Green is the lea ;
Still the stream sings of you,
All the wood rings of you— Sweetheart, Osweetheart mine, Where can you be?
True love I ne’er may meet All the world through.
Dim is the dawn, and sweet.
Deep is the dew.
Listen, O lost and dear f Come—for your love is here,
Here in the hazel wood Waiting for you.
The
THE SULTAN WEPT
"It now appears that the armistice
uest
zens

I
TORTURED TO DEATH.
Accord
Inbamaa Treatment ef a Lillie t'blkfc — Beale# eiul Cel With Halve# Made to Bleed ea a Med He! Sieve.
A despatch from Paris says:—The celebrated Grégoire case ended in the Assize Court on Thursday evening in the conviction of the accused persons. Pierre Grégoire was sentenced to penal servitude four life, and bis mother and his mistress, Louise Deahayes, were each condemned tto five years’ imprisonment.
The prisoners were tried on the charge of having caused the death in December last of Gregoire’e son, who only three years old. Since the facta showing the incredible brutality of the three prisoners became known
the little fellow has been called the " infant martyr."
He was made to stand on a red-hot stove, and to struggle for his food with a dog. He was beaten frequently and at times his tormentors would cut him with knives. The father would place a lump of sugar on the child's head and bid the dog jump for it. In doing so the animal would scratch the boy's face, which afforded amusement to the inhuman parent.	w ,
Finally, the helpless child was abandoned in the street on a freezing cold night. When found he arums. He was taken to a where he died investigation, which led to the arrest of those responsible for his death, a clue being furnished them by a few words the boy muttered in his delirium.	.
The evidence presented at the trial created a sensation The court-room was crowded, and when some particularly damaging point was brought out the audience would shout:—
"Amort!” "Amorti"
When Grégoire was sentenced, he said "I ask society to pardon for the crime I committed.
i ne
TURKEY'S FORWARD MOVEMENT.
The correspondent of the Times at Salonica, telegraphing on Wednesday, eaye "I have just arrived here, after
Larissa, Elassona, There is a
GENERAL.
Lev anger, Norway, has been almost wipe# out by fire.
Zanzibar’s Sultan has by proclama-1 passing through tion abolished the legal status of a.nd Sorovitch en route
t	«	I steady forward movement of reinforce-
slavery.	<	»	steady forward movement of retnforce-
Five hundred horseless cabs will be ments along all the roads The forces placed on the streets of Paris early in under Edhem Pasha s command must July.	now be close on the 200,000 men.
Earthquake shocks were felt cm mid-	REPLY TO THE NOTEj
night of Saturday in Rome, and at Mas-	The Daily Mail’s correspondent at
sens, Ischia, and other points.	’ Constantinople says the Porte has re-
A"d'“ •KS'aS. M*s
Pole in his balloon.	| videcUthe Greek commanders first sign
an armistice.
encan
Spitsbergen on the North
JO'S "Sf i'ffijiT.iSWS I	THESSALY TROUBLE,
mines, to meet her war expenses.	The correspondent of the Standard
AÏÏW 2Z.MS g££^&*EK&SSS
feeling over AbMceJUurraine, would not \. pr(Hjuoe 6 rupture lie tween the two be agreeable.	countries."
as
we
u neon-hospital, The police made an
The German ReichetM on
êSHS6^ » jasSSSnasifrj
fieldpiecee.	„ Turkey, and also protesting against the
The Dole Government has decided to	rectification of the Greek
give to the British Company the con- £ontier.	_	_ .	^
cession for the ocean cable. British	^ reported tJhat the TWke have
men-of-war are now surveying the am*;**^ 1,250.000 bushels of wheat cable route.	at Volo. and that the Turkish cam-
Another crisis existe in the German mander has issued a proclamation ca 11-Cabin et, caused by the introduction of Uig upon the pensante to return and a reactionary measure placing all pel- gather the harvest, as otherwise tneir itical meetings and associations under or ops will be confiscated, police control.	'	RUSSIA'S ATTITUDE.
The Paris Figaro makw a complete According to a despatch to the
ekImsB."" gsfesesæ
monastery.	_ at et. Petersburg that Turkey must
During a special service in the 1 isa renounce her imposeible claim to an-cathedral on Saturday a panic was ^ Thessaly. He added in his opinion caused by the fall of a lighted candle. t<he cUim ^ only been advanced to and seven persons were killed and sev- proj(.tl^ negotiations, or as a pretext en teen injured.	for prolonging the war which Eu
It is stated that the Latin Republics would on no account permit. : of Central and South America are ripe statement so impressed the 8
ÿgtssi mmm
It is reported that the histormal gem known as the Imperial diamond, which was intended as a Jubilee present for the Queen, has been stolen from the Nizam of Hyderabad.
The big French naval scheme calling for one hundred million francs, in addition to the regular naval expenditure, has been endorsed by the Naval Committee "of the Chamber of Deputies.
A Santiago de Cuba despatch report*
tality among those attacked exceeds seventy-Jive per cent.
THE TURKS IN THESSALY
HITMAN CURIOSITY.
Our landlady likes to have theatri-i^eople come to stay with us.
She^says the rest of us stare at t hem sd hard that we forget to eat.
NO ELECTION.
Did your new reform club elect a president lost night, madam i No; we're in a deadlock.
(How does the vote stand ?
One for each mender.
OSCULATORY DEMONSTRATION
She—And you say that a smart thief could steal something from right under my nose.. I don’t believe it
tie-Well,	, .	^
And he had purloined a kiss
THE TEST OF SPEED.
There’s nothing slow about Rustley,
is there?.	_
Did he ever owe you any money?
COMPARATIVE CONCUSSIONS, ghe—Your clothes are pretty loud,
^H^They don't make a bit more noise than those bangs of yours do.
cal
IH
me
A METHOD OF MEASUREMENT.
There is surb a thing as becoming too mufh devoted to the bicycle, said the youhg woman thoughtfully. 1 was riding with a friend of mine who demonstrated that fact.
Did she talk continually about tbs wheel ?	»	i »
No. She didn't talk about anything until I asked hex if she knew what the hour was. She looked down* at her cyclometer and said we'd better hurry home, as it was two miles and a quarter past dinner time.
•Till
•i»
there
rope
This
Itan, ao-
A Danish missionary, who has arrived in London from the Congo Free State, says the natives are being treated with great cruelty, with full know-of the Belgian authorities, and ippeal for intervention will be Germany.
A recently sold copy < tldn of Keats' poems, 1817 graph, "To W Wordsworth, with the author's mincer est reverence." But Wordsworth had not even cut the leaves. Of course, he may have bought a copy for himself before, but it# is not y. He was not fond of books, and little library consisted largely of autograph copies.
HURTS» THEM ALL.
I see that the theatres are kicking! again# tile bicycle.
So are the doctors and the undertakers.
ledge ¦ that an a made to
Queen's birthday
of a first edi-had the auto-
i
UNDERSTOOD THE CASE.
Stranger—I should like to retain you in a n important case It is a fight over
B Great Lawyer—Between husband and
No; she is an orphan and has no near relatives. The contest is tetween distant relatives on both sides of the
hs l aee. How much is she heiress
RAPID TRANSIT.
When you told her father of your trouble, did he offer to help you out? I should say so It took about a min-
THE KICKER.
Don't despise the man who kick Every factor comm in play :
Hie taay yet get in some licks That will help things come your way
like!
ate.
his
CONTRARY.
Your son is very easily led Mr. Blunt
REGRETS.
Clara—What a nice fellow who was teaching Mabel how to ride !	,
Maude—Wasn’t he? I’m sorry now that I learned so soon.'
UNITED STATES.
The striking garment makers
ine that the strike
ly
of
Yes, unless you try to lead him the
New York are sa will be short-lived and will end in vie-
itaI
right way
to?
lory
THE RULING PASSION.
Doctor (to female patient)—You have a slight touch of fever; your tongue
tea a thick coat—
Patient (excitedly)-Qh. doctor, do
tell me how it fits.
IT CHANGES THE TUNE.
What does Sbaxnly mean by claiming to be a great composer ?
He manufactures a very fair article
of soothing syrup.
THE ONE ABOVE ALL OTHERS.
A MODEST YOUNG DOCTOR
Resident—Think of commencing t iness, eh I Seems to me you are rather young for a family physician.
Young Doctor—Yes, but—cr—J only doctor children at first.
CONVINCING CIRCUMSTANCE.
The Court—What makes you think this man was drunk?
Policeman—Because he couldn't tell me the make of hi# wheel.
SIGNIFICANT" COLDNESS
Ethel (sadly)—Jack d any more.
Grace—How do you know ?	'
Ethel—The last time be ce me to eee it took him only an hour to say good night.
rge Beggs, a Kingston man, employed in a drug store at Syracuse, poisoned himself because his sweetheart discarded him.
Steps looking to the formation of a powerful alliance In opposition to tihe Bell Telephone Company are to be taken in Chicago this week.
By the use of kites the Weather Bureau at Washington expect to be soon able to forecast the weather with reatei accuracy and for a longer per-
Geo
TWO OF A KIND.
What do you think of Easy's invention O. it's How's
It won't work

A HAMILTON FIREMAN KILLED.
A despatch from Hamilton says:—Mr. Thos. Wilson, assistant chief of the fire department, whose skull was fractured In a fall he received# at the Gart-shore foundry fire on Wednesday night,
died from his Injuries at A45 on Friday afternoon at his home. Be was about 44 years of age and left a widow and several children. Hte was an efficient
St S5J&5L.
man 25 or 36 yeara. and a member of Wbe old volunteer force, and one of the
ffi-jtft535jTuîl. <Sl>.B*
shall
like him.
just
that?
TEMPORARY
I put a fence across my back yard ta keep the boy WgÊggËÉgÊggg «Did ifcwork?
Yea. as long as it stayed up
s out

u.S3
ssu'îi
Keppling aged 18, while racing his bicycle wit b a train on the Iron-dequoit Bay Railroad, near Ro<*e#er,
t love me
A DECIDED HINT.
Mother—What in the world ever poe-you to give Mr. Bingo a shaving
self
Daughter—He never seems to realise how tender my face is.
The cook
other e
At a distance of seven miles above th earth the air Is so ratified that mo hum being can ftwaathe.
Pole
me
Otto
an
on
###PAGE###8###
T
'T

\
v

V ws
I*
\
«

XLLl!

-w	A conference of Hebrews has been liar subsidy as far as Penticton and In the I W OO i » * i»iiiMi»uoniN 1 -
"" "**10 ""	—'!Z1' %%%=2L,l
XI of promoting the Jewish settlement of While there were a number of Ontario |	cun'l'nli #brma%Zn*2
Pdestine and the establishment of a [ and Western members in the first
Jewish state. The originator and chief instance opposed to going on with the 1 JKLfflïk	eforrAse,Impotmofandall
promoter of the enterprise, is one Dr. building of the road this year, thinking jri	<&*<**of AMw# or K****",
I torsi, and a number of prominent Jews that nothing would be lost by another	Worrv'ewcr$$iv*
in this country and in Europe are said to year's delay, still when they s.iw the con* Before and After.	fô%
be interested in the enterprise. But cessions made by the Canadian Pacific, ,m*w*,;»*,*#*,ft***,,,,,',»,,,4pm,*. some of the Jewish papers are opposed the arrangement received their support, 1 «»• been prescribed over aa years tn thousands of to the project, declaring it to be wholly Legislation will therefore be proceeded cssos; is the only Reliable and Boneet Medicine visionary and impracticable.	with this session, and the work of con A*°,pn- Ask druggist for Wood's Phoephodlneitr
Rev. James Elliott, pastor of the Mo- *" m ,h'u "* l^e ‘ !	0,1	Inclose priceIn letter,and wo will send by return
He denounced sensational preaching, and said that never before had there been a keener appetite for the real preaching of the gospel than there is to day. He had no admiration for ministers who secured large audiences by means of sensational claptrap. Equally severe condemnation ( Jft^§ was meted out to organists who play sec j eA®- • • • • • ular music, and to operatic choirs and Buckwheat paid singers. He also condemned the jtye • work of professional evangelists, and said that each minister should himself be an I ”00’ evangelist
LONDON HOUSE
I
SHAWVILLE AND OTTAWA.
' m	When in the village call in and see our stock t)f	m
V Ito’s M Bor's ready to wear Ming j
\w	at prices that are away below wholesale clothiers prices.
nmltclno la place of this.



k
Just think, Mon's Wool Pants for 75c., and our special Une at $1, worth easy #1.25 and often sold for $1.50.
Our Boys’ Suits range from 75c. to $2.75, according to size and quality. We have the largest range to select front in town.
Extra value this month in Prints for 5c. up to 10c. a yard,
Lace Curtains from 35c. to $1.00 a pair.
Dry Goods, Clothing, Boots and Shoes, Groceries, etc.
No trouble to show goods and quote prices.
and liai of two hundred Invention# wanted

Shawville Produce Quotations.
13
o
0 A N’S
20 to 21
• •
• •••
38
• *
23 to 25

30
T. W. ALLEN,
8
r
.... 17 to 18
.... 12 to 18
13 00 to 15 0(1 8.00 to 9.0C
..... 25 to 36
. 4.00 to 5.00 .... 40 to 00
Manager of Shawvâlle Store.
Butter......
Pork per bbl Hay per ton Calfskins....
IDNEY
K
P.8,—Wo handle eggs
Cubans Will Fight it Out.

J
Washington Juno 5.—Capt. W. D. Hides Smith, an American who has served a | Pelt».
The Premier and Madam Laurier who I toar under *h« ineurgont commander, sailed for England on Saturday last were ")U)vZ> Cuba, is here. Ho says the ficcomi aided by Mr. Boudreault, hie I rv T* s *re 40,00( strong, m good health, secretary, and by Capt. II. A. Bale, Mes Hnd	squiring proper arms.
H. A. Bate, Miss Claudie Bate and Mrs.	\. . .. , .	, , _ I Wanted, fbr No. 1, Dis*. School, CahimeUs
I ' HEB	r: ratKi Si wSSfSilS I	*
j gragjaarj-gjgsjrs sJUSssy1-	... Men Wanted.
¦1 ptem r	'	Irish will not Aaiist.	' “y ’	'	U°ra'e" I	----

-
| N
OTTAWA «BUSINESS COLLEGE

2B1eZ2
PILLS
-, w* «
Teacher Wanted.
fcW
Price so cents per Box, or 6 for #s.go. At
A CTIVE MEN wishing permanent and paying employment cm secure the »at»e by engaging with us to sell our hardy Specialties and Seed Potatoes. ALL CANADIAN GROWN. Outfit free. Sal-
Write us for particulars
¦S5:|SEl||ppi||M=r^F^S|,.™,
bssssmm
among those who rejoiced over a reign which had boon most disastrous to Ire land.
Strayed Mare.
JOHN KEITH, Principal,
14S to 154j Bank 8t„ Ottawa
Arthur Smiley,
For a Shave or Haircut
rmlcrlttkcr, Em bn liner anil Funeral Director SHAD VILLE • • <|I'E,

£
I
A writer in the Belleville Intelligencer altogether mistakes the situation in the following : —


Call at the
All orders will receive Personal Atten
TION AND SATISFACTION GÜAIUNTFED.


:
An amendment to the resolution downs
FOR SALE—A large assortment of daring that the condition of Ireland political “principle»,' for which we have due, not to Queen Victoria, but to the no further use at present. Also an un- legislation of the men selected to make limited number of turncoats, broken | the laws, was rejected, promises, campaign falsehoods and other articles of like kind. Make us an offer.
L—R, T—E & CO.
Parliament Buildings, Ottawa.

Eair Dressing Parlor
Telephone No. 3


< WATCHES, CLOCKS, JEWELLERY etc. etc.
( OPPOSITE C. r. H.lIXlIWi’ STORE, )
SILAS YOUNG
Drank Diseased Milk.
NOTICE.
S
PROP
L_r. T^, & Oo. h.,. .... I	"	?. Wi'	^ ^ .....fy ^
Lw^sterr* iiüHiEE™
out nice, fresh and unused, for uæ dur.	H,,l11‘	has	been killed by drinking	the	hour of one o'clock p.ro.
iug the next election.—Montreal Gazette.	“.****	(d a	deseased oow. Bridgea	had Shaw ville, 19th May, 1697
the cow four years, and hia family of ______________
, A Monster of the Deep.—The Pet	children, all under IT years of age, .	..	^	.	,
OHTS erborough Examiner ia responsible for thv	have’	wlth 0Uti exception, lived upon	thv	AHOtllSr C0I1SIffHH10I1Ï
Main St. - - Skuwville.	following —Mr. D. W. Dumble and his	mi *•	and*	while heretofore they have
REPAIRING A SPECIALTY.	^	sons spent the 24th back at their Stony I ***" 9oite welj. they have always been
--------------------------------Lake cottage, and whilst in Gilchrist * I e‘na?IRted and P°nr|y nourished Five
TTnll	P.	h pinion	Rlnnlrtin	T)tt	effected the capture of a monster of	of t?em receutly had tuberculer pneu-
H U II	fil	}\ I IlllnP	hlnClPlC	KV	tbv deep °* the most curious aspect. The	°LnrVi1’ and one (,ted test Tuesday, one on
iiUlI	U	11] 11UU1	lilUUll lU	11] •	body of the fish ia about 5 feet long, with	W«dnesday, another on Friday and three
a tail attached which ia fully 13 feet in	now U* fttthe P°iut °* death. The oow ,Adies of the surrounding country for the
TIME TABLE:	> length, but very small in circumference, waa	*nd the animal had the worst liberal patronage accorded her so far
Leave Aylmer for Hull.	and tapering like an eel’s. The mouth is ca*e . Tuberculosis that has ever came this season and in the naat
A M.—G 30. 7 30, 8 15, 9 00	9 45 i a bu*e affair» which could conveniently 10 .uollce* 11 .thoroughly diseased,	1
-	-	*	’ take in the head of a bather, and the eves ai?d even tbe udder in sections was filled A	.
and ears are something too horrible to WIth Pu,e The test given the animal ' ' arge consignment of millin-descnbe. The color of the fish is also	8howed a reaction of	3 4, while	an in-	er/ goods if expected to arrive about
beyond description, seeming to have ab	c.reaae of 2 degrees	is sufficient	to con-	the 1st of May. It will be of interest
Sf«iÆSTa" ww	CSL	Z	“jf “Ï l° :'7"' *• K .. «
<e —7 30, 8.16, 9.00, 9.46, 10.30, captured it was found impossible to get it not drinking any, is strong, and appar- prizee 10 ,a e8t ln 11.15, 12 00 noon. P M —12 30, 1 00, into the canoe, and so it was towed to the	enjoys the best of health
is ta ta ta ?.a ;$¦ ta
*80. 9.10, 9.50, 10 30, 11.15.	grinning an awful defiance to wouldT
Cars run daily, Sundays Included. Close i trespassers, and flourishing its great tail connections are marie with all Canadian Pa- | n the air. cldc and tiatlnean Vs’ley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific M Aylmer.
Baggage promptly lirmdled.r *
H. B. SPENCER
Wheeled


- - Rigs.

A complete stock of the above always on hand at
O
Best value and lowest prices in town at the old stand
of Millinery.
Mrs. McKenzie wishes U thank the

JOHN BECKETT, SR.,
10.30, 11.15. P. M.—12.15, 12 45, 1.15, 1 45, 2 15, 2.45, 3 15, 3 45, 4 15, 4 45, 6.15. 5.45, 0.15, 6 45, 7.15, 7.45, 8.15, 9.10, 9.60. 10.30.
Leave Hull tor Aylmer.

Main St., Shawville, Q.

AM
Drop in and get our prices before making your spring purchases. It will pay.
Hat», Bonnets, Flowers, Feathers, Laces, etc.

*
9

The 0. P. B. and the Crow1*
Vest Pass.
terms cn which THE CO. ARE to
BUILD THE ROAD,
PRICES TO SUIT THE TIMES
JAMB MEAN
Tested on a Dead Body. ,	..	„ , ,
__	At s caucus of Government supporte re
EXPERIMENTS WITH BULLET PROOF cloth be:d on Wednesday last, Hon. Mr. Blair
__	presented the arrangements to which the
Chicago, June 6 —With the dead body n 'Vcrmnmnt had yntered into with the
of a woman for a target, the bullet-Droof Cinada P<i0lhc Railway Cumpai y for the I	A	a
cloth invented by Casimir Zveglen, a clois- r ,i*tTUCtLLl-,°f ^ miles of this road	ÆL
te red brother of the Order of the Roaur-	Lo'hhrf,,£e the mining region at	Æ-m
rectionists, was tested last evening at the	balance of the road ÆiWk jAmA
Chicago College of Dental Surgery, in tb»> lhr.ou*h}° 1 «ntictoo will be given to an M$H.IflCIMIA ÆimitTek le . sence of a number of professors, armv ,lidePti,ldtilU company. In regard to the ^	_	4	—
officers and citigeea interested in the sei. arranM®,p®nt with the C. P. R. the com StKACl ZV K) euce of bodily armour.	I	#et * Dominion subsidy of	¦ iwJ || ST Jr O 111 {L
A 44 calibre revolver was first put into |	m,!a\ For lhi* «ubsidy the	ArAIIT A K5> ra
practice, after the upper portion of the ^aliadlAI1 Pacltic have arranged to make	ftgfOUl	Bb Be
body had been encased in the alleged im d ,mo very *™P^rt&nt concessions to the 1» Its Purity.
penetrable cloth. Thirty shots failed to	2. Its Thousands of Cures. I	--
R3S-2	? 2 sss-iir - -=1rawasaa -
repreu-nUtire of the inventor’ demon- I l>any Wl1! ala" m*ke 8 cut of 20 P«r cent,	A?and Bowels,	Supplies turned out.
52^35D»t»mSawi% Planing and
__________ h*d been di.Bgored but .lightly. ,n ex- e°A ", eut [,l H cent, per bushel i. I DYSPEPSIA.	BIUoÛ?nrcc	Matching done OH shortest
A A w
Managing Director
Mrs. McKenzie.
BRYSON, QUE.,
60 TEARS* EXPERIENCE.

MANUFACTURER OF
^ -Sawn Lumber, Laths,Shingles, Dressed Lumber, Clapboards, I Mouldings, Doors, Sashes,
Blinds, etc.
«


BITTERS
trade marks* disions,
VV	COPYRIGHTS So.
######!
SCIENTIFIC AMERICAN,
mmmm™
munn A CO.,
SSI Broadtray. Hew York.





B
B
ranci Doors from $1 up. Other 9k i material proportionately low.

L A
J
w

