###PAGE###1###





No. 4 8—1 7th Yeah.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE
THURSDAY, M AY 24 1000.
$1.00 a Year in Advance, *
60 Cords H jmlock Bark Wanted
lork l>4il
\ lu
ss, Hattie Buirri, (who was y< -ir, but fur Rome idngu-not called to the box by lat ¦•he vvhm at
ned
Parties intending t
WmfatiÊËiiÊÊËË
ing of sa nery.

1
IJ *»•<! Offlf»: . ¦ .. I’apItHl eulwertbed « si-ital valil up ..
Ilr.1t ..............
OTTAWA, CANADA
wii) testified
1 WM lut a Week before Sparling's un ! ufi that night deceased and his
» „;W,lTT-h	T ,V‘" Tlw>-	•" hc.1,1 a fiulo ! lance hut
nwn with hi. br.de »n Saturday night. Max *,«.rliug refused to dune. with her
He young couple were the g .esta of hu.l»nd », she |W1 promised to .lance
M,u 11 H h,,,x'	with Ah -.. Wataon. Sparling go, mad
Mr. W, 11. Heeney, s.»n of Mr. Henry Wv,,t home, and she understood that
Heeney, of I)anford Lake, who attended fhey (piurreled all night. In the
the Shawvillu Academy Rome years ago, ,nU sl>,li lmg went away and witness talk-arid latterly the Lachute Academy, where ^ tu Pris0Jier. The latter said that she he took his A. A , has recently graduated	rat^ie, ^e away from her husband
from the Montreal Diocewan College with quarreling with him all the time the degree of 1$. A. Mr. If coney warn an^ r hat she would give him a dose that selected by the graduating class this year wou^ l,llt him out of the way for she as valedictorian, and is reported to have -hought more of Alex Watson and if he delivered a most bri(liant oration on that ia<* CU,,IC al°ng the night before she had occasion, reflecting much ere Jit upon man^ sparling she would have gone himself and his class.	with him. She said that she would go
6é
i
y m
The Reliable Bargain House
Clothing
Department.
-1
i
OP CANADA.
I
1.403.81
• #
Board of Directors :
Charles Magee, Esq., President. G BO b Bay. f.sq , Vice* President
nI . ''I I. I:'i ' jp.
Alix. Khaslh. Eue.
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000.
,,A7œ b ! RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
!
ff
Uexmn Mvp.î iiy, Lhq
Hvad Oflice, - Montréal.
OEOROE BURN U. M. FINNIC
Ornerai Manager .. •. M nuage r
morn

Brac-'he* •
IN ONTARIO
k eewstm.
Kempt v Ur, Parry bound, Mettawa, Pembroke, Ottawa,	Rat Portage,
<lo Rank St. Renfrew do Rideau 8t. Toronto,
Yank leek Hill, bm.th'a Fallu
in Manitoba :
SIIAWIILLE BRANCH,
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmer» notes bought and collected.
Money transferred 10 all parta of the world.
SAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Office Hours Saturdays .
Alexandria, Arn prior, Aronmere, Hra-ebridge, Car le to n
Plate,
IlAwkeebnry,
Winnipeg
Dauphin
Portage L* Prairie IN QUEBEC :
Htvny and deceased had said if she did so .	.	.	,	,	, uy he would follow her. She said that she
town, who hen » taste for horticultural would rather have Watson than her hue pursuits, !nframed 1 Hr Rrmv the other I,and. \Vi:m-s left that evening, day that he has planted the annual melon they had e„me home from Murray a on
pateh. Ust year the fruit of his labors the previous night Watson had told in the same connection, lust as they were Sparling that he would twiat his neck if
..	‘bout to la. enjoy Ml, suddenly disappear- he attempted to lay a hand on the prison-
^ j Cuthbertson.Oi'aham At Elliott still I cd one night find a lodgment some- er.
What all Boys ought j SskïsS'StkSHiTra'S p
to Know and Girls too. i||	...I™...%
to Mr. sad .dr-. 1	. Morris a daughter. the leaf herald* the approach uf .Mth«*r
b ïUL* | s iËEEÉiEEB
A prominent business man of
10 A.M. TO 3 r.M.
10 AM.TOl r.M.
F. A. PAKKEB, Manager
Montreal,
Ac«nti in Canada, New York r.ml Chicago—
Rank of Montreal.
Agent* in 8t. Paul Merchant a Nat. Puck. Agente in London, Eng.—Parr'a Pink Ltd,
Hull
Laehute
We wish to call attention to our present stock of Ready-to-Wear Clothing, which is larger and better than ever. It is manufactured by the kings of the Clothing trade in Canada . . .
Aftei
UNDERTAKING

Sandford Mfg. Co., Hamilton. W. R. Johnson Co., Toronto.
The above names are a guarantee of first-class material, perfect cut and finish.
i
what kind of a time she had at Bryson during the last trial and made witness admit that she had given birth to a child since that time. Coming to the village with Mr. Elliott Thursday evening she had refused to tell w hat she knew, hut later m the evening had told Detective Crowe m the parlor of the Clifton House. She had told the detective because she thought that everything should come out this time.
Be examined by Mr. D. R, Barry, wit-said that Alex XVatson had prevented her from speaking last year.
Alexander McDonald, of Shawville, another new witness, was at the Steele house «'ll the night of Sparling’s death. He had called about 7.*10 and was there almost continuously till Sparling died. Deceased had got up in the bed and leaned his back against the wall md immediately (':i doing which he had clasped his hands over his stomach and rolled hack on to the bed. He had sat up on
Do not be satisfied with your son's or your daughter's eduea-catlon until you are sure they \ can :	|
1.	Write a good legible hand. I
2.	Spell all the words they know I
how to use.
3.	Write and speak good English.
4.	Carry on a conversation In
French.
5.	Write a good social letter, fl. Write a good business letter.
7.	Add a long column of figures in
a limited time.
8.	Make out an account.
V. Receipt it properly when paid.
JO. Deduct 16{ per cent from the face of it.
If you find that your son or your daughter is deficient In these things send him to the best place to learn these necessaries.
The best plaec is the

portant Ensilage Com, Oilcake, and his old tire-lock, and be mure that his lyd-Standard Binder Twine, at very low prices dite is dry, against that vexatious day to cash buyers.	when incursions of private domains he
E. Bornait» fc Bon. | come prolwble.
About. 2,000 persona have been vncciu-f I ated in Arnprior. Everybody there dues I not approve cf vaccination and anti vac-I cination literature lias been circulated.
Ini
MEN’S, BOYS’ and CHILDREN’S
Death of Mr. Thomas Poupore.
Mr. Thomas Poupore, mayor of the township of Chichester, and brother of Mr. W. J. Poupore, M. P., died on Friday last from pneumonia after a brief illness only. The deceased was in the 49th year of his age, and besides his widow leaves a family of nine sons and four daughters, who are fairly well provided for. Evidence of the high esteem in which Mr. Poupore, was he d by the people of the surrounding country, was seen in tho very large attendance at his funeral which took place
on Sunday. The cortege numbered about	HI 18
200 conveyances, and is said to have l>ecn |tic oî t“e	^lu	thing
in. Witness had heard deceased say to Tessie Steele that he had received an awful dose to which Tessie replied tha* he had not.
John Runnicks corroborated previous
.......	, ,	,	.	, evidence as to the condition of Sparling
1 nder wiw head last week an item ap on the evening of his death.
peared which was offensive to a respected Tessie ' Steele and Thos. Prendergast resident of that neighborhood. We re-1 were examined on behalf of the defence grot the circumstance very much and on Friday, the former giving the same herewith strongly express our disapproval evidence as last year, which was in return anyone making our columns the mo tation of much stated by other witnesses dium through which to get an u1 derhand to disagreements between the deceased thrust at someone else. Parties who Sparling and his wife, and in support of send correspondence tu I he Equity with the allegation that Sparling was suffering . .
that object in view are certainly not the from measles for some days before bis	........
kind of news-gatherers we are after, and death.	I A Æ ?#$###$#$#$#$#$######%##
we would recommend them to undertake Thos. Prendergast testified that he is I
in the
Iiik Equity s mission is to give the with flour on his potatoes in bug-time, news of the county so far as possible, but about 1st of July, and has repeatedly it has no room for idle gossip.	seen it on tho shrivelled up leaves when
.....________ I the potatoes were being dug up in October.
An incident of the trial which has oc-
in all leading styles.
ness
Dr. Stack house, Surgeon Dentist, will beat Fort Coulemge Tuesday, June 5th ; Campbell’s Bay on Wednesday, June 6th ; Bryson in Thursday, June 7th ; Shaw-ville on Friday, June 8th. Parties will please remember the above dates
Our line of Children’s Clothing is acknowledged by the best dressers to be equal to any offered by city stores.
Our Brownie Suitg for the little fellows will please the most fastidious mother.
See us before you buy.
Mr. J. A. Moorhead, whe arrived home from Gillies’ Bros.’ drive on the 13th inst., in a very serious condition, from inflammation, went to Ottawa Tuesday to I undergo treatment and possibly an operation at the General Protestant Hospital.
!.
the largest ever witnessed in that part of tho country.
!
PONTIAC BUSINESS COLLEGE.
The R. C. congregation of Chapeau, responded liberally to tho call of tho Bishop of Pembroke for tho Ottawa-Hull fire sufferers. Although the congregation was not ns largo as usual ou Sunday morning, the contributions amounted to between $60.00 and $65.00. Sheenboro
J. H. SHAW.
-Â,
M
MOBEHEAD ITEMS
LOCAL NEWS.
P. S.—Early closing begins May 14.
Call in and see our Bain wagon, | church did well too made by the Massey-Harris company
,	.	Mr. Donald McRae, we omitted to
b resh eggs taken in exchange for boots | mention in our last issue, went down to nd shoe*» St Stewart's boot store, Shaw ville.
Hawkesbury during the previous week to attend the obsequies of his brother, the lato Alexander McRae, which occur-
M as ter Fred Morrison left here on.	,	, •
Monday to join his brother Frank, in the ret* un •,l*1 inst- * he deceased gentle mining regions of British Columbia.	man had reached the age of 56 years and
was unmarried.


For groups, crayon portraits, large frames, etc., call at the Art Studio, Pontiac House.
KAHN IS KING
The P. P. J Railway Company, which ran an excursion up the line last Sunday, also intend doing so on Sunday next — Farmers are requested to note the I May 27th. One single first-class fare for change in the advertisement of the Nox- round trip from all stations. Train will on Company in this issue.	| leave Aylmer at 10 in the morning and
return at 7.88 p.m. Going she will be due at Shaw ville at 11.19 a. in., and returning at 5.59 p.m.

PORTAGE DU FORT
OF ALL PIANOS.
Dressmaking by Maria A. Hudgins in the house of Samuel C. McDowell, Main street, (opposite Thos. Wilson's) Shaw-ville.
-*aa i xi&sk EE/HHIEE E
That Bryson fish story takes the bun	S "T'd^=8	convinced that Sparling had
Thursday, 24th, being Ascension Day, I ',,r tl,e Prese.nt	\ extravaganzas ! conducted the service.	d,ed f™' P°lao”- the t"a! last wce,k
morning service will be held in St. Paul's Crowe h.ave been acc.U8ed, of forking Thc radios’ Guild, in connection with b?™‘d ne bad heard 80.m,et.hmS outf!de Church, at which there will be a célébra- ™ a '“"f	undertakings but St. George's church, will meet Thursday	court since the tnal began which
lion of the Holy Communion.	|this " tho hrat, >natenc? «^rded where afternoon of this week at the residence of \ed blm to h<;hev? that the ,nan llavt
A car-lot of Massey-Harris binders was	At Bryson last week Mr. Robert Har- atJ!L <?, ' ‘i **,oni8on» ltu,llrvw« he could not swear that it had been the
SWSvrS EHBLEx 95
—A.	** Jjaw-sss-- -
Queen’s Birthday, May 24th. 1900 Ot M,s 1>"l in- “ Rattray tawa & Gatineau Railway Pontiac Pa |<*> Renfrew Wedneeday morning.
Notice.—Imison, Photographer, will I °*8c Junction Railway, tickets will he leave for Quyon and other neighboring I *old to and from all stations on above villages on or about the 30th of May, railways, good going on May 23rd, and during which time gallery will be closed. 24th, and returning until May 25th, at Watch paper for notice of return.	one single first-class fare for round trip.
1	P. W. Rehskman,

# .Wl1 - «*
HIGH GRADE
Fully Warranted
ONE QUALITY

Fully Warranted
ONE QUALITY


. •

only
only

That the Best !
That the Best !
Mrs
cause of death.
The evidence of Mrs. Steele and her daughter Tessie, was much the same as that given at last trial. Kelly stated that he had been at Steele’s the day before Sparling died, and the latter had told him he was suffering from measles, and that lie had heard when people caught cold who were suffering from that malady the danger was much greater.
On Monday the Crown produced Dr. Gaboury, of Portage du Fort, and Dr. Gaboury, of Bryson, in rebuttal, after which the case was closed, and Mr. B.
Evidence in this now celebrated case | Rainville proceeded to address the jury
on behalf of the defence. Mr. McDou -

Our Mr. J. R. Horner, ShawviUe,

ty

Just Opened up,
Will be pleased to forward your name and address, and as our tuners will be starting out as soon as the roads become good, if you have an organ or piano which needs tuning, repairing or cleaning, we will do the work for you at city prices. We are making up the route now, so kindly send Mr. J. R. Horner your name ; state particulars as to what is wrong with your instrument. If an organ be particular to state if reeds are broken, and which key they affect, counting each key—both black and white—commencing at the last key on the left or bass end. And if strings or hammers are broken, state whether Square or Upright, maker's name, and which key is affected, also counting each key from left hand. The strings vary in thickness for each note, hence this information is helpful. We are making up our list, so write Mr. Homer, Shaw viUe, at as early a date as possible. All work fully guaranteed.
rubber or iron tires. Inspection invited CI'THBERTSON, GkaHaM & ElLIOTT
went
Com
THE SPARLING CASE
„	, , was concluded on Saturday by the fcueti ,	,	,
(-en 1 Sup t. mm,v of a few witnesses called in hy the g*11 followed, with a very exhaustive ad
defence.	. dress which was not concluded till the
ton, contradicting a statement which ap-1 The interval which has elapsed since | following day. peared in a recent issue of the Ottawa the trial last year, does not seem to have Citizen to the effect that Mr. Robert developed any new evidence to render Harris, of North Clarendon, is a Horner- the task of giving a verdict any easier to Tonight. —The social under the nus-1 ite, his been received, but as it lacks the I the gentlemen presently entrusted with 1	Sparling was acquitted of the
pices	of	the	Church	Workers	of	St.	writer's name wo refuse it publication,	that responsible duty than those who last	Lharge of poisoning her husband at five
Paul’s,	postponed on	Thursday	night	last	^ e (l° n°t publish anonymous letters.	year deliberated upon the case and were	o’clock on Tuesday afternoon. The jury
W^m	¦¦¦¦¦ u u r n u ,	.,	, unable to agree. Several new witnesses, bought i„ their verdict of 41 not guilty ”
1	. r. v. tl. mrcelo. Supreme Court	it is true, have appeared, and while some	about 25 minutes after retiring from the
organizer oi the I. U. f ., for tho Pro-	of their evidence points pretty strongly	Court n>OIII notwithstanding that His
vince of Quebec, paid a visit to the sev-	against the accused, nothing has been ad-	Honor charged very strongly against the
s2sc5K£s	S*2=s&3 I
Dominion Day this year by holding a	ShawvilP, and also delivered a lecture	made the analysis) and others. These	*	be paid into	my hands	on or before t ri
grand picnic at Starke's Comers on Mon-	in open court on Wednesday evening,	witnesses were all re examined at the	The property of	the Pontiac Telephone	day. the	1st day of	June,
day, July 2. Mr. J. V. Jackson, G. C during which he particularly impressed present trial, and gave substantially the Company was sold by the sheriff on Templar, is to be present on that occa-	upon his hearers the importance of hold-	same evidence as they did last year. The	Tuesday	morning,	and was bought in	by
won. Look for advertisement giving	ing their court meetings regularly and at	evidence of Dr. Knox, since deceased,	dr. W.	J. McCoehen for the sum	of
fuller particulars later on.	I tending in as large numbers as possible. I was admitted and read in court.	1 #1,700.
News was received last week of the murdering by Indians of a fur-dealer named Thomas McCabe, somewheie on the Du Lievre river. Steps were at < nee taken to place the Indians suspected under arrest.
No Signature.—A short
communica
THE D. W. EARN CO. Ltd.,
197 Sparks Street, Ottawa.
Mrs. Sparling Acquitted
on account of the wet weather, will come off this Wednesday evening, com inoncing at 8 o’clock. All cordially invited.
Pasture to l|ent.
Bonus Tax Notice.
The undersigned offers to take horses and cattle to pasture during the summer months on the following terms, subject to ow ners' risk :
Norsks for Season, $3.00 Cattle 4
2.00
J. R HORNER, Sec. -Treasurer P. S.—I shall be In my office every Sat urday from 1 p.m. to 8 p.m.
Premises are well fenced and watered on two sides by lakes.
JOHN GREER,
North Clartndoe,





<



	
###PAGE###2###
I

/
r1i
%





«
ÜÉiT^e Home )
Him for either frying or broiling 1m much belter If parboiled. Scrub the m > if for boiling. Boil a	__	A _	¦¦
«lowly for two hours. im<l then e 11 h*1 *•*¦•••*• Are We	4
1er l krm *
Ilotes and Comments.
^wwuvyy^vv^vbv^vvuwuvw ^wiwi/ywivwwwti^
| Agricultural!
•Ible that eom* of the reported failures are referable to the une o£| adulterated or low-grade poison.
OUR VEGETABLES
A savent, Tandon treatise on rear va tien as a science has given rise to a diaomgi+n aa to the proper division of waking hours between labor and play. The attempt, to draw a line between vocation and avocation is mta-
lk : i ii
keep It In' * ('old place and dice it as
EBEÈ BEEI
STRAWBERRIES.	v„*, fins, allowing two perts of lean m*ehed lurDiP* was not to be had i,
iïJïïirJ! tSiTirrr t- - =
oook In a granite or porcelain-lined flMll Het jt in a kettle of water. Let it	lut li *in' beer, and the bread sad
kettle until a little of the iuiu cool- boil for two or three hours, then stir meat were. ae A rule, of such quality ..	..	, ,	...	, Nl on a plate will stiffen sufficiently jt up well and peste a paper over the ae would have caused a riot in th.
in small pilca and it will be easier to Seal as usual, jam must he cooked to,™ of the Jam If this Is well sea- work house of to-duy. haul them, off later, writes Mr. V. T. carefully to prevent scorching. A eoned It will keep a long time In a	.. .	’
Luudvall	pint of red currant juice added to each nool place and he found nice for sand-	y ( bave—at least, the
IX ,iii .	4	four pounds berries will make a plea- triches, croquettes, etc.	upper classes had them. Ileury VllJ.
Our method» ha, been to eever plow ,ant variation.	,- . wee v»r, fond vt beans, and had .
rr" :,r.;:.rV:,f	z; tftiw
that us much as possible by picking stniwherrics, let it stand 24 hours, the iruit m i colander and nnse off bit as well as Dutch. They rather
before plowing, and after harrowing then bring it slowly to a boil, and with water. Dut one cupful of flour sneered at peas in the year 1600 Such one* or twice, the farm will soon be strain. To each pint of juice add l 1-2 in a howl, add half a cupful of lard ,ia were ea(.n w.rH imn . . ‘ Irregularities, fretfulness, or neglect and Ie|®< his eye travel upward. He ^ clear of all atones. The boulders we pints granulated sugar. Hoi I togeth-|()r butter and half i teaspoonful of Hollund "Fit	P# ,
Hill HU i**ii 1111 HIP
influences back of such a life are pre- none- ^ 6ood 'ho ran cannot last too j opposite aide. We dig* the soif away w,|h Kof< butter, then toy the set
,l..i live	if ...trued tow.nl hi. eud Ihrou.b ™iso on’il nad i.'lece lbe"l'e.m (eolug t,.ikril. separ.le ih. cuke.. eii'l vple.d ei.hl id .0 lorb Iblok. l.j if o.er I be katela. lb. |U-ea were well up I.
r—^r? “T “ ", ¦ str-MMSTiM	a* awwajer. 3—
at present, there was an idea that downrk^t shame, and poor return	Qne day ,aal ^ov witll tfa(s ai(| ripe berries, sweeten to taste, and striwberries six tablespoonfule of lable lhe Dutch. We got it from
,b„	w. » .bu,..	:l,t: ssJstÂ c. sk ^v-cts^r-^rs	K;
r:: : «ras SSsSrSHS	BS™ ‘l&üsïïBr
tune when their feet should be first	_ at onc« In n ice-sued ou hoe.	half tablosiwonfuJ of lard or butter All our garden vegetables sro in. re-
examiued. Every colt1 on the place	Dumplings—Make a nice pastry, on the tup crust, Bake* in medium ly typos improved by long cultivation
sihuuld have Its feet trimmed. The	FRANCE AND MOROCCO.	and cut out rounds with a saucer. Tut hot oven till brown underneath and of wild species. The wild cabbage is
I common enough in plaças by the
CLEARING FIELDS OF STONES
In the first place, pick up ill on top before plowing the field, and when breaking sod have a man with a pickax follow the plow and pick up all that are in eight. If a subsoil plow is used, it would be a good plan to Pick after that, too, Throw the stones
THE CARE, OF HORSES' FEET
No manl has con t radio ted or shall ever contra diet » the old adage, "No foot, no horse.” On many breeding
leading, for work In a great many ease* is the highest enjoyment. One fa,m® to° little attention Is given to fallacy to get rid of at then start is lhe condition of the colts' feet while
that regular, strenuous work, a full | the animals are yet immature, and
os a consequence evils arise unnot 10-
day s work aa a habit, is injurious It üi idleness or half-hearted effort, | ed wbich, if not checked in time, will
rum the feet of the horse forever.
not regular occupation, that ia corrosive. The well-kept machine in motion outlasts any other. 1 » tradition; that people themselves to death, but in
cases the trouble oan be traced to I ^ invariably, begins at the ground
Hundreds of horses are ruined every
fhere is ! Jrear through having their feet neglected. When a man'
examines a
work
such ' horse with the intention of buying
all boulders stand deepest on the h^rs in aflat cake tin. Place one out once more and fold It in the same | old.	_________^ e,_
southwest side and shallowest on the ln>'tiLr 1,1 thn tin and spread the top! way. Put the paste in half, butter a jftn tomb. The flower had a beautiful .......................... ~4U	^ • ***-- ,l -- 1 ;•	—> large pie plate or two of medium sise 1	,UI
<1 one evenly on top of this. When dust with flour, roll out the paste one-
red center, surrounded by
whits
In former years, much more than
competency and then "retire.” The thought of dropping a regular pursuit and doing nothing thereafter, or as one pleases in the matter of recreation, may look, attractive on the surface, but invariably leads to disappointment andtf as a rule, to physical and other ills unknown before. A healthy man wakes up in the morning with a complete day’s work stored up. There is- no method of retirement from this provision of nature. The •alt of life is the accomplishment uf something useful, and this requires more or less of close effort and skill» ful knowledge. People are truly said to be as old as they feel. Amtong the busiest brains in the world to-day are those of the remarkable old President ot the Boers and Lord Salis-
the top crust and put In small pieces half tablespoonful of lard or butter
on lbe
hot oven till brown underneath and I of wild
on top.	I vVHMa,wa vs*wu|£u hi piuves uy me sea
Strawberry Liqueur -Put some nir§ l>ut no use for food in its wild state! fresh strawberries in glas» jar»; put	Wl^ a botanist to tell*
in ss many ns the jars will hold, and cover them with white French brandy soldiers, close the jt re and let stand two weeks, cultivated improvement
on each piece half cup stemmed straw
horn ati the tiouf should be out down at the heels, so as to give the frog 4 D#*pm*e I» Norilarrn Africa in Which berries, and a sprinkling of white su-
with a rasp. Auy man can do this with the help of a farrier's knife and
that it w«« a cabbag» at all. Scut-land owes the cabbage to Cromwell's
i « ». - zi i. i-i I	i	I	- —# I--'.—— 1 he cauliflower is but a
Layer ( ake.—Bake a nice sponge close the j irv and let stand t wo weeks, cultivated improvement on the cab-
oake in three layers. Mash two cups shaking the jars often during that bags. 11 was brought to perfection in
fine ripe berries, with 1 1-2 cups pow- ("ne then press out all the juice and Cyprus, and was very little known un-
dered sugar, and whip in the whitoa 'r"‘iaur''. add to each- pint of straw- til about a century	ago. The	par-
of twp eggs beaten until very stiff.	"o' P‘n,l„ aUB;‘r 8yru5 v 'P "	native uf this country,
south of the French territory	in Al-	Heat all together ten minutes then	red as follows. Place two pounds	may find it along almost any
geria. Insalah or	Ain Salah, as	it	is	Place between the layers and on top. ¦u«',r| "llb ,0D* pint water over t.he | hedge)row but it is small and intense-
w.a...... — "z*a;:::w1;,mi.sri&'sarj; sjss
eased and the foul will quickly grow If occupied militarily bj the French,	, es' 1{t>1 8 °" y ° cool; lhen, mix with the strawberry where. In Ulster a sort of beer is
misptiuipcn. it will( contract, become is one of the sacred paces of the	twenty minutes one quart red juice Place t h • well cleaned straw'-1 made from the root,
narrow at the heels, aud take on a Moors, and lies in a count landing posi- eurrant juice and two pounds granu- berries in a co il place.	Celery is a native of Great Britain.
bury, both past 70 and both carrying "«eooiwd Mil" appearance in front in tlon as regards the oasis of 'Tuat, lated sugar ; then drop in, one ai a Canned Si rawhcrriM. Remove the	luxuriantly in ditches and
,, , .	,	, ,	.	• g an incredibly short time. Colts are whore the caravan track from Tafilet time, fine ripe strawberries boil h,.nti tr /r •	,	, brooks, but, like the others, wild
on lien shvuUis, somewhat bent by often allowed to run out in a straw ini Morocco to Timbuctoo on the Upper gently four minutes longer, then pour	° ^ L 1 n*** berries, and if	celery is nasty—even poisonous
age thought they be, the cares of a yard during winter. The straw be- Niger joins that coming from Biskra into jelly glasses Lot stand until the	nv,,WK,,ry rin8e wff with cold water;	owe the delicious eatable celery	to	a
nation. The rule of Queen Victoria’s	thoroughly! saturated with wa- 111 northern Algeria through Wargla. next day, then cover with a thin lay-	PMck (be berries in glass jars; fill the	French prisoner of war, Marshal	Tall,
lift» hi* hp«n Duia .vvi	.	ter, and pretty soon it is a mass of Moroccco asserts its title to the sov- er of melted paraffin, or note paper	J,rs 10 overflowing with sugar syrup;	ard» w bom Marlborough beat at	ti
ant socia work filthy manure.	The colts	stand	and	ereignty	of the	territory	in which	wet in white of egg, and tie over r,,»se the jars and boll in a kettle of beim in 1704
tramp through	it all	day,	and,	the	these	places are	situated, but the	with thick paper. Keep in a cool dry water five minutes, counting from the I lf **ked what was	the most
conditions being favorable to disease, French Government contends that the place.	time they begin to boil; remove, and
thrush may soon make its appear- Julian's officials fail to exercise the Sauce—Beat 1 1-3 cups powdered wh<*D 00,(1 that the jars are air-
•„«	K: t.tL',1” S,*	&
the winter the feet become thoroughly business in those parte against the a ,cr®am; add one quart ripe berries,	pounds of sugar with' three pints of
diseased before spring, when the colts atiacka tlie desert' tribes. The 11 ,fp^ at .a time and beat until well are turned out for nature to take care f rench authorities have therefore “'J®*1* Jh,s' 18 delicious with any light of. Here they have a clean bed to he l*en undor the necessity of taking baked or steamed pudding, on, the fresh young grass cleans out steps they have iu order to reduce their system, and the dew, being free !le tribes t0 subjection and protect from all unhealthy germs, soon draws e ioutes through this territory.
1 hese are the reasons put forward,
but the real motive is different. Insalah and the oasis of Tuat are principal points in the line of communication between Algeria and the Upper Niger, which the French Government is preparing to connect by a railway starting from Biskra or from
the spring in good heatlly condition I Western" Adrian %lway and run" they would have thriven and made ning through the deeert via Timbuc bone and muscle on the very ele- too to Koulikoro on tbe Niger, .be incuts that were otherwise needed to present terminus at the railway from
work m . .oh,. .,Wy and far more %TbZ^
deserving of a place as a science than colt should be looked after at the time to the Niger. This proposed railway what is conventionally called recrea- 11 ^eavtiti lts darn. They should be , ig one of the highest strategic im-
r-,Perit " r - r ; t	c:
days have their place, a useful fad is should be examined for thrush once in sons of the French settlement in a refreshing form, of doing something two weeks. This extra work will West Africa aud on the Niger to be but the main business of humanity ^ot i^8®1!* Lict, theie is less j re-enforced at any moment by an in-	....... s?oï'riïZu"1 as
labor as long as strength endures; one case of obstinate canker.	commercial reasons, as it would give
and It lengthens life as well as sweet- '	- the French the control of the trade of
,na it. If any one thinka to bring CAUSES OF, FAILURE IN SPRAY- westerntitrl,fnZo^nvwMt m"! in here the man with the hoe let the	ING.	I to un integral part of the great Afri-
can empire, the foundations of which ...	.	. were laid when the French established
growers which have too often themselves on the Senegal and in
resulted in, apparent failure, may Algeria.
have come from one of several causes. . ^ be Sultan of Morocco, it appears,
m 2 %=':	sjffiHSwS
iugg. I face, all weathei-tanned, be- t0 anticipations of a degree of sue- eminent sends a special envoy to im-
.oiled with its rude indulgence; tor Cesa not. warranted by me experience ff on Mm its determination to pro- 'M	.	...	... hr
irjMftts sisssitm *mB8sP ws-k^==h pHSisr 2 :
land, a Zutpben, in 1831. She is an vd that a tiuu jutigment of the degieo	laud has certain pre-emptive rights	,	,	given with the I’iamond dyes, using	stintial	to	the	Chinese	woman	is	a
excellent musician, and in her youth oI bucct-ss can omy be had by the	so far as Tangier» and the surround-	08 ume	of dotted	nun's veiling,	the dye for cotton After pressing.	Fair of	trousers,	and she thinks	it
she composed several operettas which ^mpar&eon ut trees treated with ing country are concerned which she The akirt is trimmed with a flounce, puu ,hft covers back on tying with n highly improper for u woman to iu-
mm miÊmËËÊimm s: sis
Mütappi! 7EE. .	....
mmm wmm ta
that the Volksraad of Pretoria offi- concurrent practice* of other methods	Mist	h .n, V.. • Ï gh*	lt	8e<ureIy‘	and hi,ng	the h;ima on	era i* very bitter. In fact, it is stat-
cially accepted the work and sent Miss (°°kin8 t0 the final redaction of the	:,u million	' 6 8 one œnn I it.	Have a	trench dug	large enough	ed 1 bat ( resident Kruger has had
üisïi, .™ ta
fall 06 the first wornyi apple till the Chumleigh gay» hL- -it :^re was little dirt arowid it to atop any	--- faiher. Wonders'll never ceaae. That'e
wormy fi"u4t, and third is the destrue-l ^ M But he says love's young chips and sawdust, set a flat stone Mvidam, I am soliciting for home tion of as many as pohsibla of u0 dream was shattered the first time or a piece of iron up to the pipe for r 1:,r "es* have hundreds of poor, worms wintering) over under l x she took him on her lap	a door and the smoke will draw '	children like those at your
scales, in, old bird's nests, In or.cxs That seems funny.	through the pipe and fill «he barrel. Lgale' :l n(1 	I I |
m apple# bine or barrels, or elsewhere Not at all. He was face downward Medium-sized hams will require five in the fruit room. It Is slso pos-1 &* the time.	I or nix days to smoke.
a ship of war to be followed by two others is in consequence of a dispute about a question of sovereignty over certain places in the Sahara Desert
a rasp, so that where it is necessary to economize it is necessary to employ a blacksmith.
The frog is the natural cushion of
We
on.
promptly and thoroughly performed. Her trip to Ireland, with its round of functions, has been no light undertaking from one past 80, but her physicians do not conceive that it involved serious risk or, indeed, might not be beneficial.
unpor,
tant event iu the history of British vegetables, muht people would say the bringing over of the potato from its home in America. They would be
The introduction of the tur-
wrong
nip—that is, of the Swedish variety— was of	•
water over the fire; heat till nearly boiling; remove, and when cold use as
directed.
MUCH GREATER VALUE. Strawberry Syrup—Mash' fine six Until Britain got the field turnip peo-quiirts nice ripe berries, place them W*?	to 1‘ve during the winter
in a bowl, cover and let atand three'''"8"' OD 8811841 meat
Avoidance of labor by one capable
of ii leads inevitably to tedium and
lack of interest. No one in the midst rtU di8cafl® *roUi lhe feet, it takes a
long ume lo build up the system which has been shuttered by neglect, however, aud when the winter blast again drives the culls to the shelter of the filthy straw yard, man’s inhumanity soon undoes all that nature has done If t ho colts had been turned out in
And severe
winters were dreaded, as, on account (l iys, stirring them twice each day of the terrible mortality among sheep,
during that time. Then enclose them	! which were	then left	out at pasture
in ;» bag of cheese cloth; press out	i through	the cold	weather.	The
all the juice; let stand for several growing of swedes changed all that hours, pour off, leaving the sedimen j by providing cheap aud wholesome in the howl; measure the liquid; add	I°r *tock when penned up. Tur-
in each pint one pound sugar and one n‘PH. Hke 80 many other vegetables, t ihlespoonful lemon juice,; stir until came from Holland about KUO. eug r is dims | ed; pi# e it o er the lire By the way, although England gen-in i preserving kettle: boil three min- | ®rally gets the credit for growing the utea, counting from the time it begins first European potatoes, it was realto boil; remove at once: fill In bottles; *y Spain which did so. The potato is fork tightly and set in • cool place.	ntil1 found	growing	wild in a	few
1 Iils syrup is nice for pudding sauces,	' 8P°ts in the high	tablelands	of
sherbets, punch and cool drinks. | Mexico.
Onions and cucumbers are two of the very oldest known vegetables. Like peas, the Egyptians grew them at least 30 centuries ago. Indeed, to the PP	onion belongs probably the honor of
kitchen. One kind cooks for the fam- being the first vegetable primeval
of his work, pushed with energy and fidelity, complains' of ennui or has an acquaintance with brooding fits of despondency and morbid introspection. And such things rust out vitality muohj faster than occupation eould wear it out, or even an exceptionally hard grind exhaust it. The adjustment oft mankind to its serious
W'
ss
/
'» f"
the
T
v




/
L
>

COOKING FOR COMPANY
I here are two kinds of women in the
$


s\ ! ily. I he other cooks for visitors. The man ever made trial of. Onions are
v i"' r‘Jz •—1 s “ sraru’SS xsszt
/ j	îoine folk. 1 hey must eat the in Southern Siberia, which is very like
4'j scr;ij»s; the hard bread, the old cake, the Welsh national emblem and keep things from wasting. The vegeatbies are rooked without care; th^i bread is heavy ; the meat is half cooked ; and everything scorched or smoked. If my one complains, excuses [ if® Polity; reform never thought of.	,	,
| But when vie 1 tore appear, the dinner unwomanly for a woman not to wear y wg s r t off, and a carefully prepared trousers, and highly indecorous for a ^	^	rftady.	i mam not to have skirts to his coats.
1	It is no wonder that the Chinese look


g
earlier view of Carlyle be the answer. "Venerable to me is the hard | frujt hand—crooked, coarse—wherein, not
Trials of spraying methods by our
mà
THE PROPRIETORS IN CHINA
i V
There is everything in the point of in China, it is considered very
I
withstanding, lies a cmnnmg virtue
view

».
Z
w

/
:
;

*
ed by a w oman ; aud tor a woman to
i

BEHIND MA S BACK
Van lteea a letter of thanks and congratulations very popular among the Boers, and it is said that the British soldiers in South Africa have heard it so often that many of them now sing and whistle it.
The composition is
MASTER OP THE SITUATION.
How amiable your little boy seems to bet
Yes; we never object to anything
he wants to do
IS IT A GOOD THING
They say good things never
i	! T&1 know. Wb.t fcXnit ««.I.
I heard in the next street.	I blessedness!
###PAGE###3###
I

V
finnt da Port, and you encounter the	PlnrSrilltlflfP	tulned	were	not the faults of nature. f
market women; descend by the atone	I ¦ VI IV 11 I 1111 V#	Most	recent,	however,	is the report
ES5BB5 —xsxsrjsjsr
blng away on the soiled linen of the When every dale U rich with green utilized with success. Iron, vitriol, and, Some surprises having been ex-
w'Mn	3H7K	luSzîfSn'" ^
till she was 16, le never lost eight of and constitution required for their	South Africa did not produce better
eee:ee mmmB s^ ~
Qualities which later made her so up in the water at the feet of lier Arrosa the emerald clover.	<hie< t cause of physical degeneracy of Royal Institute why no better suo
•nuoh trouble-pension, indolence and °|°|ber and grandmother that the	crocus	comes	with store of gold ' be worn.» of to-day. For twenty years tve.se could have been expected. lie ad-
l-du.genc. Tb. condition» that fXre t^ ev^ba^""™^- l“riv J.uun^ u2ur«. ” "*« fraternity bave conduct- n.itn tbnt the war in the Tran.vaal moulded her character still exist, un- ture, the broiling sun at one moment When lovers plead the story old, »d a crusade against this article of offered un excellent opportunity for changed and apparently unchange- and a drenching rain the next. And Ul *'#b in amorous measures,	feminine attire. But the fad has not testing the merits of his system, and
able. Df there has been any change even then they do not etcaoe the here's radiance rife on sea and land decreased, and altlurngh the small he doen not hesitate to claim that the
In recent years the movement has	a chronic cough and none of Transforming everything	waist Is not so popular as it was, even results would have been eminently sat-
been retrogressive rather than for- them lives to the great age attained ***'Nature bi necromantic band;	undeveloped girls are incased in cor- Ufactory if the authorities had tak-
ward. Everything tends toward al- by the women porters and tradeswo- ejoice—lis gc.u • - p mg	®e 8 at un eu i ly age.	en ordinary pains with the work.
most continuous slumber in the	.,iut ^bey keep right on with ^eu |B^ ua wander down the vale	w	h<) f‘»«t conceived the idea of the Mr. Bullock and four assistants went
French West Indies, from the climate w|,eu % % ^	^ ;B8 ;, i g am,, ng% hem do And up the winding shore,	oorset	and	who was the first woman to South Africa an represeututiveh uf
the rum, and, to apeak truth, no they stop. Theu their voices are not Ami mm ' I»*	1H ""	1 ' '',!mg l",w to wour one are mysteries of the past, Signor Marconi, and with instruc-
aeem to . strive against so loud or so guy, and the mocking	411 1 “ 1	^8	>'>'<	but corsets were known as far back lions to use his system there On their
the JJJJJJ f| ^ *m * TT Wa^ v° Hn<^ ht^tbough ^hat though the witchery of Spring ns the time of Vleopatra. Several times arrival at l>e Aar they were, accord-outsider sleep seems the chief indus- returning latVr>Kthan usual,* for they ,.IU\hJI to° bright to last |	have	cois.-ta	or some article closely ing to Signor Marconi, much disap^
try of the Island», the people appear work more slowly when they do not beforeait	^be^passed °	resembling them been found on Egyp- pointed at finding that no steps had
to sleep, sleep, sleep, from morning H*nK. * hey stop, cross themselves and	_____	tien mummies. These articles, of been taken to provide them with the
till Light. Of course, there are time» "m a* »<UL‘2 ouYe UtÏÏ£ chapel» which	FANS1KS OUT-Ot’-lfOOltS.	C"U.ae, do not reseml.k ihn cornot of material without which they could not
In the day when the sleeping is more are to ** found in almost countless ,,	.	^ iA/ere . , Tim_ to-day, but are more in the uamre te up their hie rumen Is. AL-ij >t Ui den-
nee rly general than at other times, numbers.	If one wishes many flow ^ >y	p,|iab|e bandages.	1'oweli came to their assistance, and.
Just after the «nulday breakfast, for One soon gets accustomed in Mar- or Joly, the plants should have been ^ RumaM aml Greeks weregreat th»“k®. to(1hlra' ^'cured masts
Instanoe, and again just after dinner; ,U‘loït»‘oMhufgs,‘ and* Wm only ^dirwtLms given beUiw^thTre wül ldmirnrfl uf	lovulineaa' and 1 he which ihey J up%Z%c^i%ew
then no one remains awake.	mildly surprised to find that even the	*	*	. women of these nations frequently of the fact that they were obliged to
The attempt to Christianize the conductors of the tiny mule propelled be plenty of bloom* Horn Angus un- Ufle(J gtiff bandages. These consisted work hastily, and to use any material harmless sod peaceful savages who Mreel cars were members of my own til frost, and a great abundance all q{ ft Bfout pie(.e of material laced liait came to hand it>not surprising. Wllh lhe inmblic hsve been spoiled
originally peopled the island, now	J'wa^ahown by"the‘first one	ket "ZkT a""T,%«nien t ^ghtly .round the laxly, which thus ,‘fegrapITy^ un<l£V'" wch “ con’dalon»* ^ women, and the whole couree of
French West Indian, begun 400 years 1 encountered. »She bounced a burly i”at6	.	| gave slimness to the waist and ac- was not a pronounced success.	events changed in consequents hot
ago, resulted in practical extermina- gentleman of her own color who sized small bed. It should receive e i*ntuated the curve of the Wps and The theory haw been broached that example, the fall of General Bout an#
hadn’t the price with the utmost Bun only until 10 o’clock. It should bust. But the newly developed female the main reason why despatches could was brought about by a member
:mmm mmm
I could get at them, inspired confi- by a little ctuipel at the foot of the seed at eaih roiner of square* an their young daughters which the poor Cinder proper conditions he insists ,a	*	"	1 ‘	a - f
¦*!*EEieiSS*
^V,0*8 a“t‘ 1101 row8 ol the. slIU«K,ta ! and four daughters. The royal ladies very slightly.	, D0lnanq wvf5 satisfied with the	' — ?  dard of dis ipline.
mmm
mm
mmm### mu m## wMm
S-sZ-55	-•==.	:	-Sir-'siSS
more then she makes in a month or The brida, Teil is a survival of the eml>1°yed were u,u“lly of lbe anll,nl' piuperly enriched with well decayed enUrs - BOci„t,.
i ss a « .Z......,, .«¦	s ^u".ï
the extra length of their dresses un- way la church; this practice still sur- *in(,ri 01 11 g \	earlj. in a soil having a suitable ad- r<jWe(1| hut socially obliged to call up-
der a String or handkerchief, which is vives in Oriental countries. Another	h 1144 ‘ 1 ‘ 4	mixture of clay, the sweet pea will on ber relatives, friends and acquaint-
made to do duty as a girdle. The explanation is that it stands for the talization of the black tulip, attempts j ttsk but Hitie aside from the daily ance3 with her fiance, in order to women of leisure allow them to trail linen cloth which was laid on the have been made,*but without results i cutting of its flowers nnci one uu»r- |n^ro,|uce him. Some betrothed girls or gracefully carry them over their heads of both bride and groom, and to product* such a quasi beautiful flow- ough watering per week, in very hut, w<)Uil(jt no doubt, find these visits try-arms when the weather is unpropi- remained there until after the benedic- ei • 1° lact, all efforts to ahei > ii* dry weather. Early in April as soon ordeals, yet the idea of showing tious. The dress is admirably set tjon had been pronounced. In the pigments of our familiar flowers a8 the soil is in proper condition, is ber future husband to those dear to off by brilliantly colored slippers of jays of the i*rimitive Britons the bride have proved to be mere experiments, the time to plant in our latitude, use her is a charmingly natural one. Until polished leather suede, heavy with wure no veil, but allowed her abundant nor has anything definite been u«>- good judgment, both in choosing the this ptlle ceremony has taken place, embroidery in gold thread; or else a locks to fall about her shoulders. This tained beyond a queer looking dis- time and handling the soil, lhe 1st- tbe engaged pair are not supposed to
pair of high-heeled colored boots, the f;isblon WAS prevalent with both colored plant, more dead than alive. ter can be ma tie loo rich with feruli- g0 ubout freely alone, but after it | through the gowns and lingeries were edges of which are embroidered in nubles and serfs. Even asiate as the By the process of grafting, where ZCr, in which case the peas go to vines they may do as they please in most scented amulets stamped with the silk of • contrasting color,, while n,lgn 0f Henry VIII. brides wore na-ture was called in as an agent, the and set few flowers.	milters. Very long engagements are Castellans crest. Eastern chemists
the buttons are of still another color.	bajr jn this simple style. The results of varying the bues and pig- Sow, the seed in d ou hie rows four use<i jn Holland, as dowries are rare, have prepared similar perfumed flan-
The love of dress and its indulgence Bijk(.n i0(.ks, 0f Anne Boleyn floated ments were of a highly satisfactory Inches apart, with the seeds an inch , an(j neither ambition nor financial : nei at #12 and $lo a yard. An order by the French West Indian women in- ab mj jier flD the day cf her ill star- order.	apart in the row. Some plant in a deep reasona arP often allowed to stand In for M yards from a fashionable woman
volves no excessive expenditures of “ » nuptials with the king of many tint then since ages there has been trench, filling it as gradually as the ,^ way of a betrothal between young is not unusual. Closets, cedar chests, money by the male members of the ^lV(yH	a premium for the production, of a vines grow. This is all right unless j wbo i0ve one another. The Dutch hat boxes an* every compartment
native household, for women provide	. . *  t>lue rose, a blue dahlia, and a black we have a long, cold rain which fills have been cal left a prosaic-minded peo- containing dainty toilet belongings
their own clothes; indeed thousands upnrnmr WIT mrrmiv a tulip.	; the trench and keeps it full till the ^ yet in this way they set more are lined with it, and everywhere the
of men, white as well as black, are	Mbtu i l	u.>a.	Hoses of a black color were exbib- BeP(i rots. A moderately shallow romantically dinpositioned nations an pungent amulets are scattered lavish-
supported by the women who live un- The young queen of the Netherlands n©d not I or g ago in London. The var-( trench, into which the soil is gradu- exatnpie,	ly. While violets continue the dis-
der their protection. In the hotel, . . - fresh proofs every day of let y did not survive. It is more than ally drawn and finally mounded along	+	tinctive perfume of the ultra-fashion-
lazy creoles are sitting around the K	,	. ‘ p.	likely that aniline mixture was the the vines is recommended by many	able, the Duchess of Marlborough has
tables drinking; at the landing men wtiat 8 ;sen81U14’»	lliU g ri cau8e 0f the color as well as the growers. The grass cut from the	HIS PRESENCE OF MIND. created a vogue for jasmine in Lunar® asleep or lounging on benches • she is. The other day she sent a death. The carnation lends itself to lawn cannot be used to better ad-	. t ,	,	don which has been taken up by cer-
under the trees, while the women i letter to the tramway company of experiments in coloring In Belgium, vantage than by mulching the roots A woman can t sharpen a . < p n- ta-Q women jn lbe East, loading a steamer with coal. At Fort Tbe Hague requesting that they in- where the flower is regarded as a "na- with it.	'	1 cil or lhruw a stone- sal<1 Mr> *lee
de France I saw women carrying j 8lruct the drivers of all their vehicles tional” institution, thousands of var- Sweet pris
seventy or eighty pounds each in not to 8top when the royal carriage {©tiee are produced. In the coal min- frost, so no anxiety need be felt if
**iiiiiaieisï
ttsss&r	... "" '-"—i saü.-.âS'Æ rsasias
coaled by twenty-five thirty	_________ #	fhere 3B no trouble to obtain all high enough so the vines have some- noi h ng.
nation or blue or red lilies of the val- topple over for want of support the lev vou wonder how such curiosities bloom rapidly diminishes.	¦¦¦¦
weie raised. Well, they were not. The Cut your sweet peas so continuous- band out rut plant was dipped "into a mixture ly that no seed is formed if you want of aniline, and the results thus oh-1 plenty of flowers.
WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY.
VICTORIES
SPOILED BY WOMEN.
Many as the cm won through the agency of women of the type of BcsuiLoes and Joan of Aro there con be no denying the fact that equally numerous, if not more ho, are those of the rioter l «8 spoiled by the fair sex end of battles lost owing to feminine machinations. Perhaps some instances in point may be of general interest.
There hre many who say that the failure of the Jameson raid at the outset was brought about by women. President Kruger is in the habit of employing countless detectives, both male and female, in the Transvaal as well as abroad. The barmaids of Johannesburg, for example, are said to be in the pay of Oom Pauli. These ladies, by means of their propensities, for extracting confidences, are alleged to have wrung from some of the raiders, long before the raid itself was entered upon, the fact that it was forthcoming The consequence was that when it came about C'ronje was fully prepared.
France can point to a number of cases in which victories connected
are of battles
to
OflO
the slumberous Influence. To
lion, and the place of the Cariba was
1
She gave evidence
I


PERFUMED FLANNEL
The Countess de Castellano, who ie said to out-Paris Parisians in her expenditures for perfumes, has carried an idea of French perfumers to a fanciful extreme trunks which accompanied the Countess on her recent visit to New York were lined with perfumed flannel, and
The lti four-story
do not mind . Hght |	# that, asked hia wife, rath
A DISTINCTION
Shall I send the wrap C O. D ? asked * he salesman, as he removed the price tag.
C. O. D.Î echoed the puzzled maid. Then, after a momentee thought, she continued: Oh, yea, ofl owes. Call
mer,
hours.	a _	.
Yeu walk along the street and ob-that all the little sbope and
A FREQUENT DISCOVERY
Dœe your wife take to horticulture
Billy f
Yea, indeed ; she gets out every nice day with the hoe and chops the head off something I've planted
Yes, she said, I have found my bus-
serve*
stands are presided over by women, wldle nwn lean up against the structures evoking and arguing; take to the feign road along the beautiful Se-
Found kl.n out I I Oat every night!
on dad far the money.

#
*$y r\ ¦
###PAGE###4###



%
X
centrifugal system could and would be converted into lu’tet. There is a similar loss of from five to fifteen per cent in the churning of the cream, such percentage of butter-fat being unrecoverable, into butter by reason of the fibrous development, due mainly t > the aging of the milk in sefivg. In point cf quality, gravity-made dairy butter brings on an average in the open mat • from eight Last week, the Government, backed by 10 eighteen cents, according to the loot*
its subservient majority, voted down the tion and season; and separator made but- ,
proposal to submit the Brocltville and ter fr. m twelve to twenty live cents uiv
der similar conditions. It in safe to assume that the ruatkvtable value differs n privileges and from ten to fifty per cent., according to
relative care in making and in selecting veton* ! markets.
In this, as in other considerations, the I dairy farmer must not lose sight i f the which, however, the (I *vermnent were fact that ho is a nmuufactuier, just ns
very careful to leave unnamed until it previously illustrated, and he will do
election we^ to El0P ani^ consider what would hap pen to a manufacturer, merchant, 01
business man, in any other line <f trade mvr or fall, it seems quite sate to predict commerce, who continually attempted
that no investigation will take place until to withstand such losses. He may wisely
after that event, as the glaring irregular- consider that the average
itic, which i»„u!dbri,„P, ligh,
certainly add to the condemnation which rir, while ho so conducts his business as is steadily accumulating against a dis to permit wastages twice as great and , credited administration
THE EQUITY.
THE MARKETS.
MASSEY-HARRIS WARE-ROOMS NO DIFFERENCE.
. . . SHAWVILLE ...	»
Do you want The Best ?
We have Them !
SH AW VILLE.
SHAWVILLE, MAY 24, 1900
Wheat, htumlnvd) at mill, 05 Oats per bushel, 1Î7 to 28e, Pense per bushel, (Hi to (UK Kggs, per d
Putter, per pound, 18 to 1 t Wool, per pound, is to 2tki ti, |8to 75
. 85 to I0e.
t
The fact I hat the name of
' bns been changed Corners makes
oui* pîncv of bush from Parkmat no dlffvrvi
UK
EDITORIAL NOTES
Stark*
with us
Pelts, car Calfskins
We are still in t
old stand, doing'huhi .same fair, square-dealing lit
t the requirements
n t!
nés
!
*>f our customers
les
t
xN rtvU lier «xi ma u or woman to i ravi f»r U nu* hounr; salary Wl mont Ut > nul expenses, wiilt me mise; position per-iiu* no Nôlr-atl'lre-ne,t stnii ped en M A N A Ci KH. 8S0 Vaxtou b!tlv
XV \
West Huron election cases to enquiry before the committee
I
elections, deciding instead that the in vest igat ion should bo before
wi h to
cm
tl attention to o N KVV AM) COMPLET! STOCK OF
K
in-
judicial
committee, the time of the settings of
*	4»	+
A large, well-assorted Stock of
Clearing-
SALE Millinery.
Summer
suited their convenience. If ai
is to beheld during the approaching sum
Wheeled Bigs
Single and
Double
Goods
of
manufacturer
whit h emhmcc n varied assortment
of the newest lines in the market, and only need examination to reeom mend them to customer .

I am now offering
OF ALL KINDS.
syAT COST
These aubter- looks for a profit, or complains at the
>” -"« «•	a™ £: - -	"" ¦•”k "
be likely to deceive the people, who are | dairying business at a considerable losr, patiently waiting for the opportunity which other l ranches of his farming must which the polls will afford to express their estimate of the men who have pro vea themselves adepts in the art of deception and dishonesty.
TEAS! TEAS!
• • •	# e e
able Millinery consisting of
DUST-PROOF HUBS,
ALL WELL FINISHED and STYLISH THROUGHOUT.
HATS, BONNETS,
SILKS, VELVETS.
LATHS, CHIFFONS,
VEILINGS, FLOWERS,
FEATHERS, &... Sec.
All of the njost Stylish and Up-to-Date Nature.
Our stock of Ten* stand unsurpassed in quality and price, it will pay you to give tlicin a trial.
go to make good or which is gradual')* eating up his farm and his prosperity.
There are, of course, amid eicej tions in dairy farming, as in every other line i f trade. There are men who will succeed under all sorts of adverse conditions. These same men could not fail, however, to do just so much the better should they better their methods; and bettering methods is something within the reach of every ry farmer if he simply understands the need of it and makes up his mind to ac com pi is h it.
SILAS YOUNG,
STARKE'S CORNERS.
SMART & SMITH.
A Remarkable Spectacle
Qraqd
As circumstances compel my early retirement from business sale will continue at cost price until the whole stock is sold out.
The able statesman at the head of the Liberal party, it will be remembered, loudly denounced Protection, and m glowing language depicted the groat benefits of Free Trade.
Sir Wilfred Laurier, is on record as having stated at the Ottawa Convention that the National Policy was a fraud and a failure; that its principle was vicious. •‘.We shall never rest, he eloquently remarked, " until we have wiped away from our system that fraud and robbery under which Canadians suffer. Their (Conservatives) ideal is Protection; our (Liberals) idea is Free Trade.
dair
P. S. All kinds of Farm Implements.
MILLINERY
Opening
CBNTRIKVOAL SEPARATOR*
MRS. fycWILUAMS,
Shawville.
The continuous centrifugal cream separator was invented by Ur. Gustaf de Lava’, the famous Swedish scientist, in 1870, and made practical about 1881. It was introduced in America in 1883. For some years it was only made in factory sizes. In 1887 the first hand or dairy machines were made. These, however, were cumbersome in construction, heavy Sir Richard Cartwright, on the same of operation, and cf small opacity. The occasion, vied with his nominal leader in first really practical form of dairy sépara- Black StâlIiOîl, F0cU@d Sept. 8, 1895. denunciation of the N. P. He held that tor, which later inventions and improve	r
" in Canada Protection was not only a ments has made p-ssible, was introduced
a crime, but a blunder.”	in IS'.HL Since then still further im-	Sired by	the Champion and Easiest
leaders pronounced provenants have devised, the inv Protection as vicious and wrong; they chines have been made in a 1 sorts of called it legalized robbery, and the pro- sizes and styles, for all kinds of conven* tected manufacturers were “ robbers great ient operations, and have today reached,
and robbers small. They declared that in the so-termed “ Alpha Disc ” type of T	11	M
they, too, like Sir Wilfrid, would keep separator, win* appears to be practicable HIAI.~*u>*	*v\< r. Kia-aiin,
on the move and never rest until the last perfection.	FIRST l)AM • VELVETEEN,
vestige of this great crime was wiped out. While the cream separator is popularly Race Record 2.31% Standard bred And yet the other day these staunch termed mechanical in its action, the	registered.	6	See	extended	ped
free traders sat like bumps cn a log in the 1 11 mechanical action, as a matter of	0,1 tard*
House, and heard tii3 pet aversion lauded fact, is confined to the operating mechan* to the skies by one of their colleagues. Sir1 ism. Its actual separation is really not Henri July, in upholding the heavy tax mechanical, but simply natura1.
un tobacco, was equa ly as eloquent in milk is merely run through a rapidly re- est horses in America. Having large size! pointing out how the increased protection voicing steel cylinder, the high speed of ;ind height, possessing extreme speed and had greatly benefited the”tobacco grow- which magnifies tlie natural specific grav- j^ingroyally bred. tills horse ip the best
mg industry as they lud been in t.ying i'y or weight differences between the	: \hl Xutofcnrri,,^mnl
to show that the whole protective system cream and other parts of the milk, and jgeneral purpos* hurst» I |	| Bft 1
was a delusion and a snare. Even the thus effects an instantaneous separatin' voice cf that insistent Cobdenite, Mr. and at the same time a thorough one,
Wm. Paterson, was like that of a coving which in setting would take home and
dove; ite old time roar of indignation and then not be c mqlete. The ope aion is ri	I I
vituperation was silenced; aid the other continuous, the milk feeding inard the] l uesday at McGuire’s H ardent followers of Free Trade uttered cream and skim-milk separately dis ro word of disapproval or dissent. They charging, until the rur is finished. v all swallowed their principles as easily aa1	nEsrsFPUUT RS *
the Minister of Customs did his protected T|ie origilial cream ,epar7t'ori wcre rf
Swiss ### '###,.......................................................................................................J
*u ‘ tA“	tor (0,000 to 12,00' revolutions per min- and fibrous nutters and disease germs.
ute), the importance of such machines There are established agents for the KEEPING COWS FOR PROFIT, being simple and durable, or the fact of improved De Laval separator in nearly
the majority of them going into the every county. The machines are sold hands uî users unfamiliar with highspeed and offered for trial subj.ct to all the machinery. Such machines possess only claims made fur them, subject to their the separation efficiency of the De Laval being a* represented, superior in every ,	machines of ten years ago, and ascom way to all imitating machines and other
Probab.y the only reason why every- pared with the improved separators of creaming systems of every kind, and sub-°ne, having occasion today to take cream 1 today are simply a step higher than ice or ject to their being satisfactory to the n> I	I	1
...... I An experienced canvasser, or a man with good JIM and AGATEWARE.
SS-SSwSi ThX'toM LSd:.e4to.?,"5‘	-»« Icharacter and address, with the necessary ability
;r to travel from town to town and appoint agents.
! “is	d 1	No canvassing. Salary and expenses paid. Posh
a aa ihat anyone ' to.'.nnd %''"sahyd''(ii.. n.ml ylvu'n an fiom fi,i10 ç-r in churning, tion permanent and promotion according to merit.
5	iltf : 34 SSXLttt1 The Bradley-Carretson Co
cream raising without the help of ice or tory sizes They arc made in all sizes, l!.I?11”',S1;J e .ln gra	without
cold water, is doing so at so great a loss so as to care for the milk of one cow up 91 ^eater » , Ti.ie cr(.fm ls. at,.t}.:e in skimming at all times, and in quality to that of one thousand. They vary pro-1 nine swier, fresh, unihrm in thick-of product a good part of the time, that portionately in price, from $50.00 to neS8f and free from Uinta and disease profit is simply impossible. Still, thou- $800.00. The dairy sizes are all design» * ?erma; Made into butter, the butter is sands are blindly pursuing such a ays- ed and primarily intended for easy hand 1	fr^rn ten to twenty-five percent.
tern.	operation, and are at the same time ca I	£ w ^4' 71"6,	,
sïT'...w 4
room for improvement under various The Alpha 11 disc process, which, as ^ aul> skim muK, for either human or conditions and at various seasons. They explained, has proved as great an advance | animal consumption. T he whole work of
involve, naturally, the cost of ice, trouble as the original separator in its time, is! 8"P8ra .l n !8, .eaeily nPd quickly dot e and time in handling, or in providing I the invention cf Baron von Bechtolaheiro, Jh,le the n uking is going on, or mime-water, and are in no respect equal to the of Germany, and has been developed and d*ate,y afterward. A few minutes cleans centrifugal system. This is perhaps best j perfected by American genius. It is pa- the machine. ] here is no coat of ice for testified to by the fact that nearly all of ; tent protected, of course, and hence inca- setting milk, nor burdensome getting and the manufacturers of such gravity appli- pable of use by any but the De Laval US1D6 of lti pumping and handling of ances have almost altogether abandoned ' manufacturers. It consists of a system ! ?ater. no putting away of milk, no was!, their further Kale and are today either | of round, sloping steel " discs," or l^g of creamers or pans; no warming of
handling a cream separator or possibly at- plates, placed In the revolving separator 8nor doing a drzan different
tempting the manufacture of such a ma- bowl, which divide the bowl into thin | other things associated with the use of, Wetlie undvreigned merclmnt> of Slmw-chine on their own account. It is pretty sections, and the milk is thus passed	1 y system. 1 lie drudgery of vjne (|0 hereby agree to close our respect
safe to assume that what is not good , through the bowl and subjected to the dairying is saved to the women of the ive places of business every evening dm
It has been universally demonstrated chines, which were originally made by agreeable as well as profitable feature of ^and do "agree to forfeit the sum of that the losses from gravity systems range the De Laval makers, but have been yin ^ 8nd household occupation	E ¦¦ 1 ¦
from ten to as high as fifty per cent., ac tually abandoned by them as impractical	—	,	-	. -, H ,
cording to the system and the aeason, in or are now sold without guarantee of ef-	North Bay has a total assessment of %^%%'ed	u
the recovery of cream alone; that is, much ; hciency and at low price, when at all.	$534,843. Population, 2,337; births, 78;	*	(Signed.)
a percentage of the total amount of but- The “ disc " system effects a more com-	deaths, 22. Number of dogs, 157; cows,
ter-fat in the milk, which under a proper plete separation, and enables it with a	143; horses, 73.
LORD VELVO,
Patent Express
Buggy Wheels
at
28 911
m
and
Standard Bred ami Registered
SHAWVILLE,
April 13th and 14%
tv/
v x <.
/<;.
Trotting Stallion owned In Canada, the great
(Tired or not)
At Bottom Prices.
GENEVA, 8,345,

A beatifu! Display of Stylish New Goods
COMPRISING
Children’s Hats, Dress Hats (all kinds)
Sailors,
Flowers, in ah' the Chiffons leading and Nets shades.
[V|cDOÜCALL and CUZNEfj’S Hardware Stores,
1
Sussex and Duke Streets, Ottawa.
Tills great Coït -«tamis IO.l* hands high, weighs over 12«Nf pounds and has shew,, a Lh* 2-minute clip. Me will lie one of the fast-
MCMULLEN’S
POULTRY NETTINGS and LAWN FENCINGS
Are not Sui panned in the World.

;
, Goods will be found as represented and j price# right*.
! CAREFUL INSPECTION INVITED.
m Their
Woven Wire Fencings

LORD V EL VO will make a saison, he ginning 1st of May. standing a* f allows :
Monday at Brv<vn
» h
o\ er 1'» year- of successful - t'ii farm and railway.
1, Shaw ville.
Thursday, at Kelly's Hotel, Campbells Bay.
V
t
Dale Bros
US MAIM THIS YKA1
Remainder of the week at Bryson.
Service Fee—$10 payable at time of service.
HOC FENCING.
These Goods are all manufactured by the Ontario Wire Fencing Co., Limited, of Picton, Ont. ;
S. A. M ACK A V
Manager, Bryson, Que
Practical
Tinsmiths
SHAWVILLE
For sale l»y the Hardware Merchants and Oeuvrai 1) by the Canadian Hare ware Jobbers.
GEN. AGENTS
gliout Canada. Al
The G. Greening Wire Co. of Hal Xgent for Railway Fencing : James Cooper. Monti
t m and Montreal
1
3
Are well equipped to supply all the demands of
THE SPRING AND SUMMER TKAD1 with a complete stock of all necessary articles in
Waniori A Travelling
VT ai I IvU General Agent
Dairying a Business
GRAVITY SETTING
Orders for Special Articles will receive promt attention. Tin Rouping a specialty.
HIGHEST PRICE PAID
Limited,
•5
for Calfskins, Sheep Pelts and Cowhides.
BRANTFORD, ONT.
Mention this paper
.303 Calibre.
The
%
Savage Magazine Rifle.
THE TWENTIETH CENTURY FIREARM
The Only Emmeries Smokeless 6 Shooter.
One rillv take
Finest and safest rifle ever made for large or small game.
Write for complete leOV Catalogue.
I» .	, ,lx different cartridges
» <»int Blank Range for Hunting.
V. ». AMERICA.
Early Closing.
Teacher Wanted.
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
M anted, a Protestant Female Teacher, •"•"ling n liivt or second class diploma for
> he Province of Quebec to teach Disse» •
bent School No. 1, Calumet Island, for ten
months beginning August 1st and ending
June 30th, 11)00, (February omitted) and to
[I:£! S;Uurdays if required. Applicants I please state salary expected on apply
u.:n%t%h^r8ecrotary notUr
The Canadian Grocer and Storekeeper The Hardware and Metal Merchant The Dry Oeeds Review The Beehseller and Statlenar.
Samples Free
flscLEAN PUB. CO.i Limited
one dollar for every violation of this agreement, except in cases of emergency, such
by a majority of the
U
J.	H. SHAW,
G. F. HUDGINS, I
K.	HUDGINS & SON
F. CARSWELL,
Sec.-Treas., Dunraven. Que


###PAGE###5###
THE EQUITY,
as. HOPK& Co.
\| ANVFACTL IUN(i STATIONERS,BOOKSEL l»M, Buokblti'h'ni Rrln-or», etc. Daimaltory fiai» Ottawa Auxlll.*v> UtbleiMi'tety,Ottawa, Out,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
The Charm
A Weekly Journal devoted to Local Interests.
PVBLfnilKI) EVERY THURSDAY
AT 8H AW VILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SUBSCRIPTION-$1.00 A YEAR IN ADVANCE.
>Ftr* No paper stopped until all arrearages e paid, unless by special arrangement with ublUher.
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Booms.
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L
i»f
1 I
A. SMILEY, Prop.
NOTARY PVR LI
NOTARY FOR THE RELIANCE LO a N AND HAV1NU8 CO.,OK ONTARIO.
vd
of fewness

MOM \ TO LOAN ON EA-4N TUtMS.
BRYSON, - - QUE.
Will In* in Slmwvllle on Tuesday cf even week,
Does Quality count with you ? If so we can interest you. Here are a few points in the construction of

i
ADVERTISING RATES

Legal advertising, eight rents per Hue for lirai tunerlIon mid four cents per Hue for each subsequent Insertion.
DuidneM cards not exceeding one Inch Inserted at II ÜU per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate £,r l,ie District of Pontiac. Office, Main tit.,
Haawvllle.
Accounts collected and prompt, returns made.

R. MITCHELL,
We are continually winqing on qew lines !
BAILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT
to
of five cents per lino for Mi st lonertlon and three veuti» for auhni'queut Insertion*.
(£p53)
By keeping our Stock clean,
By clearing all odds anil ends, at reduced prices, Commencing each season with new and fashionable goods Selling on small profits and quick moving of all stocks.
The FROST & WOOD
Disc Harrow :
Commercial mlvcriMng by the month or for longer period* Inverted at. low rate*, which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Inal rue-lions ncc'impniiylng them uIII he ln*eiled until forbidden and charged for accordingly.
nirth. marriage and death notice* pub-lluhed free of charge. Obituary poetry three cent* per line.
DANIEL J. DRISCOLL,

84 Nepean St.. Ottawa. Ont.,
;
Lumber of All Kinds Bougiit aid Loll
CONSIGNMENTS SOLICITED.
1
New Spring- Goods !
JOB PRINTING.
All kinds of Job Printing neatly and
ïu *DPjJd ï.r,,lwl' UrUt',M l,y ,,,a" promptly Prompt Attention given to all
Commissions. Prompt
Returns.
Commission Business a Specialty.
Patented ball hearings, requiring no adjustment. Every Harrow rolls along on 0*5 hardened balls. Patent adjustable Scrapers ; every Scraper works on a separate spring, and the scrapers on each section can be locked on or off at will. Double levers. Each section can be set at an independent angle—a great convenience in turning and working on side hills. Patent Pole Attachment, adjustable for two or three horses ; can be adjusted instantly without removing pole—as easy as opening and shutting a door, gy Made in eight different sizes.
Place your orders early before stock is exhausted.
New Dress Goods, New Muslins New Organdies, New Prints,
New Ginghams,
New Silks,
New Piques,
New Dress Skirts, New Skirt Waists, New Umbrellas, &c.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publlhher
f
Business Cards.
I lUPRJtBMt KH BY pF.RMMStON :
j Denis Murphy, Pie*. Ottvwa Troimportation Co P. W- Avery., Hull Lumber C’u.
J.T.Mhlrriff, B. H. Bd-ly Co.
Litrhford A Mc Doilgall, Barristers.
John Heuey & S<*ns.
B N. Bate A Sou,
i
MEDICAL.
F. M. A. McNaughtoq, B.
Graduate ok McGill University,’
Office -Residence of the Into Dr. H. H Knox, Shew ville.
HAWVILLE HAVING PARLOR,
J0I|N S^ITiji Proprietor.
s
Carpets
The foundation of Home Furnishings.
There is fashion in house furnishings as in everything else. We pride ourselves in being up-to-date in everything in
D. B. ALEXANDER, M.D., C. M,
F. T. M. C.
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto: Graduate of Victoria Uoivenlt), Toronto, Kellow by elamination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. Orne*a«i> Ra<u>*si a: J. H Armstroku**House, MAINSI'RKKT - - SIUWVILLR.
The spot spot for—
A complete stocK of REPAIRS always on hand for Frost & Wood IVjachines.
A. SMILEY - SHAWVILLE.
A Fashionable Hair Cut, Good Shampoo, or A Clean Shave.
CARPETS,
LACE CURTAINS,
FLOOR OIL CLOTHS
and WALL PAPERS.
idf Your Turn next.
LEGAL.
N

II
lirANTKH-Honeet manor woman to tra->v vri for large house : salary monthly and expense*, will) Increase ; position permanent Inclose self-aiidreased stamped envelope. MANAGER, &0 L'axton bldg. Chicago.
D. WILSON’S,
BOURBEAU RAINVILLE, L L, L
i
1
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER

ADVOCATE . . BRYSON,
WILL VISIT SHAWVILLE EVERY MONDAY.
MAIN STREET, SHAWVILLE,
The Popular Store for
Choice Confectionery,
Groceries,
Fruit, (in season),
—ALSO—
Fresh Oysters,
Served either raw or stewed.
Customers promptly and courteously treated.
Spring Requirements.
Ready Mixed Paints, Paint Brushes, Kalsomine Brushes, Curtain Poles, Garden Tools and
. . . General Hardware. . . .
and
1
JHE
JEWELLER
ES^
WM. GAMBLE,
KEEPS
a aai.ecr stock or
WATCHES,
CLOCKS,
JEWELLERY.
SILVERWARE
& ). âc.
PORTAGE DU FORT

BARRISTER, Ac
Room Trust Building, No. Is Sparks
St., Ottawa, Ont.
At Straw ville, second and fourth Thursday | ^
of each month.
-VUce-over G. F. Hodglik’ .Store, Main St
•t
<(
m
Roller Mill
*
U

P. S.—A complete line of Trunks, Valises, Telescopes Shawl Straps and Bvuhy Dusters.
RepATRIIK#—
A SPECIALITY
Arthur McConnell,
HAVING RECENTLY BEEN THOROUGHLY OVERHAULED BY A FIRST-CLASS MILL WRIGHT IS NOW RUNNING FULL TIME
SHAWVILLE, 0
TTORNEY AT LAW, Main St. Hull, Que, will, ut request, attend a «lenurtH lrV.le district. Al 1 correspoudeuctpromptly answered.
W 111 visit Hhawvllle regularly on the third Thursday of every month.
A
District and Country.
?
ESTABLISHED 1886.
AND TURNING OUT	1
First Quality Flour. I
St. Catharine», Ont., May 1G —The __ I entire plants of the Welland Vale Cum
CEO* C« W R I G H 1 ¦ pony's Works and thè Canada Cycle and
Motor Company1» Works were deatroysd by fire at 3 o’clock th:s morning.
The lire started in the hardening department f f the Cycle Wotka.
The fire throws LOO men out of employment and uivans a loss if half a million dollars.
The Shawille
Liberals cla m to be the one loyal Brit ish party in Canada because Conservât-1 ives do not approve of the preferential tariff policy of the Government. Liberals nr.ee claimed to be the one clean party in Canadian politics. There ia juat as much foundation for their new claim as there was to their old.—Montreal Gazette.
?
CEO. HYNES,
SASH and
HOOK
ADVOCATE, BARRISTER, &C ,
Farmers favoring this Mill with tl custom may rely on getting full returns and satisfactory treatment in every respect.
eu

of rm: imov
Mulsons' Bank < hand ers
FURNITURE DEALER AND
UNDERTAKER,
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE.
— ALL KINDS OF—
1 \ Metcalfe St., Ottawa.
Phone No. 1173.
business in Ottawa and Pout lav Dis trieta attended to.
Interior & Eiterior
JOSEPH BROWN,
FINISH FOR
Bosses 3t Verandahs
One ehuul 1 alvertiee all the time. Only when one can claim the undying friendship and devotion if enough peop'e to give all the trad? wanted can one stop advertising. In this period of dollars and cents, and ephemeral friendship such conditions can never exist, therefore one must “ keep everlasting at it not eat enough in a week to last a year.
B. M. Stopher, who lives in Augusta township, had as line a litter of pigs as he had ever owned. They were kept in a
Pkopriktoi
No Friends of the Farmers
W. W. IRELAND,
FOR SALE:
Canadian farmers may well look with blank disappointment at the trade policy of the Laurier Government.
That policy, conspiring with the plans of the Standard Oil trust, has given a tremendous hoist to the price of coal oil; co-operating with the A met lean Cordage Trust, it has almost trebled the price of binder twine; it has made American corn the free competitor here of our own
MA.Nl'FAt TVKED.
Clerk of the District Magistrates’ Court.
CommlMtiouer and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgage*, etc.,executed legally and ?alls-
factorily.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of | A quantity of— Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
DOORS. S Ah H, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUM BEI b- k an
LI MBER DhEShEI» AT POPVLARPRIlES
Boards,
Laths and Shingles.
One can
K*
QUE.
SHAWVILLE - -

IN UNDERTAKING
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
MrCIiEDIE & HODGINS.
Pulpwood Notice.
I also keep a complete stock of Pune-ral Furnishings, ranging from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open day and night.
uuliff OK THE SUPERIOR COURT
!> Siiawvilie . Que.. respectfully solicits	,
eii<4<e'udnt»for iuy ou lne»slo jounectlon pen, but every other morning he noticed wtta all Courts In tbe County. Collections there was one less. Considerably in>de*ndp-omptretaruensured	| rild over hll loi9> hü kl.,lt a ,hwp lc ok-
oui, and his vigilance finally had its re ward, for the other morning while doing chores about the yard he heard a commotion among the piggies, and hurried to the sty, and found that a large turtle had caught, killed and was devouring one
Estimates furnished.
coarse grams.
At Liverpool Sir Wilfrid Laurier disclaimed in the most positive language any desire for a. British preference for Canadian wheat and ether foud-stulfi produced by our farmer*.
Instead of urging Britain to give a preference to Canadian cattle over American, the Government has, by abolishing the quarantine against Ameiican cattle,
enabled these freely to mingle with our,, j lu. d (or the Reason of IflOO on May the result being that the British Govern- 1>t H|ld wm g|ve the fanner- of Pontiac ment has so limited the time in which the advantage of reaching the Creamery our beeves may be held for slaughter that through their Skimining Stations now they have to be killed before they get being established at different points along
<"">	•»« ">« •«*<• «> "" "I- S,Ld LStoS’ïï.r&’S 5
age. Mail.	Alph de Laval Separator. ,
milk immediately returned t
The price of the milk will he paid every month at actual market value, determined by the Babcock test. Furthermore we are prepared to advance money to our patrons at any and all times.
Anyone wishing cans may obtain them bv applying to our superintendents at any o? the stations.
Parties wishing to take out Poplar wood this year are requested to contract at once for amount of wood they can take out.
wor-


GENERAL.
PATENTS
THE AYLMER 1 CREAMERY CO.,
We do not want anyone to commenta cutting wool for us without having r signed contract.

J. J. TURNER,

LICENSED AUCTIONEER for tbe County
Pontiac. Sale* conducted In a business-like	.	. .	.	.	...
and hatiefactory manner, tiuodn or article* of his pigs, lie captured the turtle, which
of any kind taken and dUyosed of by public j weighed thirty-five poundj.
or private sale on reasonable terms. Pub- *	%	•	...
11c sales conducted at tibawvllie once a | London, May 18. —Dealing with the
SL:.,«sew ",
tria and a population of nearly eleven COlirt Sh3\VVlIl6, j millions, and which were formerly most
No 1876.
MACFAKLAXE BROS.,
Campbell s Bay
[PROMPTLY SECURED!
/ Write for our interesting books " Invent-)or’a Help" and "How you are swindled." (Send us a rough sketch or model of your in-/ventiin or improvement and we will tell you /free our opinion as to whether it is probably ) patentable. Rejected applications have often >been successfully prosecuted »y us. We (conduct fully equipped offices in Montreal .and Washington; this qualiâes us to promptly dispatch work and quickly secure Patents, ) as broad as the invention. Hfghcst references, (furnished.	,
) Patents procured through Marion & Ma-, mon receive special notice without charge in, )over ioo newspapers distributed throughout, the Dominion. ,
Specialty#gg##gggg0ggg#gg
lturers and Engineers.
! MARION & MARION
; Patent Experts and Solicitors.
? Office* • / New York Life B'ld’g. Hontreal
Atlentic Bldg. Washington D C.
Aylmer Que.,
Spring
Season
? id f i
proiperoua, the Daily Chronicle’s correspondent at Bilaapur writes :
44 The demand for Government assistance is unparalleled. In one district 40 per cent, are dependent on the Sirdar fur I their daily bread.
44 In two others the percentage is ever
and the skim o the patrons.

( I Meets tbe 4th Wednes | day of every mouth.
; / Court dues must be paid */ promptly every mouth
r Visiting brethren cor dlally Invited.
t%j
COUNTY
Orange Lodge Meeting.
L.B.C
—Patent business of Manufac
finds us well stocked
with
a supply of
MILK PAILS,
MILK PANS, BREAD PANS, DISHES of all Kinds
ALSO A FULL LINE OF
AGATEWARE
:io.
H. S. Barnett, F.S
J. A. Cowan, It S
44 In the whole area there are 1,500,000 people with no other sources of sub- Jo tll6 Meillb6FS 01 Coillîty Orange sietence than Government charity. |	L()(]ag '
Notice is hereby given that the SemiAnnual Meeting of the above Lodge 1
Toronto, Me. 11-Th. O.Uri, » pi-1 ft “J",ÏÏ'tÏSK culture depot has issued a crop bulletin. h()Ur of one o'clock, p. m. All members The temperature for the past six months nre requested to attend, was on a degree higher than the average.	Signed by order
Generally the fall wheat is reported favor-1 Shaw ville, May 21,1U00.
Good Accommodation. Taule and Bar al- j able. Winter rye wheat, which is being
¦s5Sp" “	I
as vegetation is concerned the season is backward. The spring was a fine one for seeding, but rain is wanted badly. Fruit trees have come through the winter scarcely with loss. Reports on the condition of live stock are favorable. There ,	_ _
_________	VSS5 iMHfS-sFsE
*Toxnr Marks I eee:n to have been more subject to disease ,imiv t0 (j0 so this season as follows :
Designs	Ithan	a!,y other stock, many L
Copyrights Ac. suffering from crippling or iheurpa-1 Leave briStOI Wf]arT
Anyone sending a sketch and description may tism. In Middlesex a plague affecting
?nr^ntio“'Tpn,hHhiy ffientlbS"6Communie*- the lungs and causing sudden death made
sssHBSf&s:	, w, M **
-ihulïtilii'l' ' nJ'irfHi *bl"	*• horn, dra.nd 1
rem»ln« in hind in the western pert ell Meeting all Trains.
....t ci>ririkw M fes»JStf.src - eeo*eE •"***»*
Branch 'Mo* 836 V SC Washington. D.C.
H VO H Hobbs, C. R.
HOTELS.
BINDER TWINE.
Ontario Crop Report.
Canada.
Province of Quebec, District of Pontiac. No. im
St. Lawrence Hall,
will
on
Parties who heretofore have purchased their Binder Twine from me will find it to their advantage to place their orders with me for this season's supply. Right prices may be relied upon.
JAS. ARMSTRONG.
Mrs C, M. McLean,
Proprietress.
In the District Magistrate’s Court at Shawville.
Green Lake.
Bristol Wharf
ALEXANDER ARGUE, of the Township of Clarendon, in the District of Pontiac,
an inspection of which is invited
FRESH and CURED
50 YEARS' EXPERIENCE
Plaintiff,
vs
Stoves.
ROBERT KIDD, heretofore of the Township of Clarendon, said District, but-no w absent from the Province of
Defendant.
The Defendant is ordered to appear within one month.
FERRY
MEATS
¦

O
Quebec,
The balance of our stock of Stoves to be cleared out at reduced figures.
W. W. IRELAND.
_	_	,	Clerk of said Court.
Roofing Contracts taken | shawviiie, May nth. woo
arid estimates furnished.^^^H^BHHBA||
of all kinds at
THE SHAWVILLE
Meat Market
J. Œ. McGUIRE,
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 8 a m., 2.45 p.m., and 5.30, p.m.
FARM FOR SALE.
C. E. WAINMAN
>
Lot No. 20th on the 5th Range of Clarendon, known as the Grace Farm, at a reasonable price.
For terms and particulars address the undersigned.
Every day (Sundays excepted)
At 10.31 a.m., 3.57, p.m., and 6.42, p.m.,
Shawville-
P.S.—Top price for Hides and Pelts.
MRS. J. GRACE,
Bouchette P. O., P. Q,
Proprietor.
Ferryman
V


9
###PAGE###6###
			


SOME DESTRUCTIVE FIRES
THE PALM OF VICTORY TO THIS VETERAN PHYSICIAN
The Great Kelnplatz Experiment
)
THE FIRST KNOWN IS THAT OF SODOM AND GOMORRAH.

Ike Unrein* of Rome The Great lire le
The bodj of the professor, feeliug o<M80iou« suddenly of a great dryness about the back of t he ¦allied out into the street chuckling to himself over the result of the experiment, for the soul of Priu within was reckless at the
thought of the bride whom he hid	,	..	.	__
won su easily. Hi# first impulse was (,ot* m ..Jj!®1®6*. *tm,ed ' on to go up to the house and, see her, H'11 unnnu.	*• meaning
but on, second thoughts he came to lbls unj>.ualleled insultf Where the conclusion that it wuuld be best ar* taking me# to stay away until Madam* Baum Tu crack a bottle of wine with us, gar ten should, be informed by her s;Ud V^e tw? students. tome alongl bus baud of' the agreement which had lhm i« an invitation which yon have been made. He therefore made his "ever refumed.
way down to the G rimer Maun, which * never heard of such insolence in was one oft the favorite try sting- *ny Idel 1 cried \ on Hartmann. Lei places of the wilder students, and ran, 8° mJ suns! 1 shall certainly have bol# te roue l y waving his cane in the y ou rusticated) for i his. Let me go sir, into the little parlor, where sat * Si,y* ttnfl he kicked furiously at his 6pi«igler and Muller and half a dozen captors.
other boon couhmiuoiis.	Uh. if you< ohouse to turn ill-tem-
' Hal hal my boysl" ho shouted. “1 pered, you may go where you like," knew 1 would find you here. Drink the students maid, releasing him. "We up, every one of you, and call for con do very well without you what you* like, for I'm going to stand 1 know you. I ll* pay you out," treat to-day|"	said Von Hartmann, furiously, and
Had the green man who is depict- continued in the direction which he ed upon, the sign-post of that well- imagined to tie hie own home, much known inn suddenly marched into the incensed at the two episodes which room and called for a. bottle of wine had occurred to him on the wwy. the students could not have been more Now. Madame» von Baumgarten, amazed than, they were by this un- who was looking out of the window expected entry of their revered pro- and wondering; why her husband was (essor. They were so astonished that late for dinner* was considerably as for a minute, or two they glared at tonwhed to see the young student him in utter bewilderment without come stalking do win the rond. As al-beiug able to make any reply tu his	ready remarked, she had a great antihearty invitation.	pathy to him,, and if ever he ventured
"Donner und blitzenl" shouted the	into the house it was on suffsranee,
professor, angrily, what the deuce	and under the protection of the pro-
ie the matter with you, then# You feasor. Still more, astonished was she ¦it there like a set of stuck pig# therefore, when she beheld him undo staring at me. What la it, then#"	the wicket gate	and	stride up	the
"It us the unexpected honor," slam-	garden path,	with	the	air of one	who
nu»red Spiegel, who was in the chair, is master of the situation. She could "Honor—nubbiehi" said the profes- hardly believe her eyes, and hasten-sor, testily. "Do you think that just ed to# the door with all her maternal because I happen to have been exhi-	instincts up	in arms.	From the	up-
biting rneemejism to a parcel of old	per windows	the	fair	Elise had	also
fossins, I am therefore too proud to observed thin daring move upon the end was about to overthrow Rome, associate with# dear old friends like part of her lover, and her heart beat like the cities of the plain in a sheet you* Come out( of that chair, Spiegel, quick with mingled pride and eon- ^ retributive
z ss.'t'asisns %%	..... —¦ «	•>-
for what you like, uad put it all down	garten remarked to the intruder, am	wooden	dwelling	chambers,	accidents
to me."	she stood in gloomy majesty in the	were	constantly	occurring	which	in-
Never was there such an afternoon open doorway.	volved whole streets and quarters of
«% -» » ^ ——
ed bottles of Rhenish circulated mer- stand there like a statue of Juno,but aud lbe tiloittà of the night watch to rfiy. By degrees the students lost bustle about and get the dinner #tem these outbursts of fire, with few their shyness in the presence of their ready, for I am well-nigh starved." of the appliances and little perhaps,
csrr ÈtssrAü	ssf aazr ; T
tobacco-pipe upon his nose, and offer- "Yes, dinner, Martha, dinnerl" howl- werti bu nnp«if**tiy effectual. But ed to run a hundred yards against ed Von Hartmann, who was becoming the greatest of all fires was that which any member of the company. The irritable. "Is there anything wonder- broke out on July IV in tlze year 817,
ÜV.VT5?rS“-J“¦ S *JT.-
toniehment at such proceedings on dining-room. Anything will do. i	u 111	1,1 1,10 tlllUS **bin ting un
the part of a reguus professor of the Sohinken, and sausage, and prunes— the valley between the Palatine and
University of Keinplats. any little thing that happens to be the Caelian hills. Against the outer They had) still more to whisper about about. There you are standing star- walu ^ lhis edlüoe lftaned â ma88 0f afterward, for the learned man crack- ing again, woman, will you or will ed the kellner’s crown, and kissed the y oui nut stir your legs?”, barmaid behind the, kitchen door
Isadiis—Meiere* ef Hebrew and Chlr
otcer sign of respect, gave a wild . whoop of delight the instant that they saw him, and rushing at him, seized hum by each arm and commenced dragging him along with them.
»go I» Flames- Five Mnadred Pereses Lssl Their Lives le « latrngo.
throat, , still
At various times In the world's history fires have swept over cities and countries for that matter, leaving behind them destruction and ruin, During modern times fires have increased while apparatus for fighting fire has not kept pace with the tendency for greater compactness in cities and with the greater employment of inflammable material.
The first great fire on record la that which destroyed the cities of Tyre and Sidon. The brief mention of that it made in Genesis six., chap. 28-80.
The Mm was risen upon the earth when Lot came into Zoar. Then Jehovah rained upon Sodom, and upon Gomorrah brimstone and fire from Jehovah out of heaven; and he overthrew those cities and all the plain; and all the inhabitants of the cities, and that which grew upon them. . . And Abraham got up early in the morning to the place where he stood before Jehovah ; and he looked toward Sodom and Gomorrah, anti toward all the land of the plain, and behold, and lo, the utnuke of the land went up as the smoke of a furnace.
Whose Famous Recipe Book and Great Family Remedies have made him Loved and Admired to the Uttermost Parts of the Earth. A Record of Marvellous Cures.
DR. CHASE’S NEUVE FOOD
1
THE GREAT BLOOD BUILDER.
Mrs. DAY. Cronsberry, 168 Richmond St., Toronto, Ont, states :	“ Mv daughter, who sews in a white goods factory,
got completely run down by the steady confinement and close
attention required at her work. Her nerves were so exhausted and she was so weak and
ill
?
m
exhausted
NERVES.
$
debilitated that she had to give up work

F
entirely for some weeks.
H She then began to use Dr. Chase's nerve food and found it excellent in restoring her to health and strength. She is now greatly improved and at work again. Dr. Chase’s Nerve Food also helped her through a very severe attack of la grippe. I can recommend it ns an excellent remedy.”
f
a
Mi
WHILE NERO FIDDLED
When Home was burning Nero fiddled Of the fire at Rome the bis-
But in the
\\
torian Merivale nays midai of these horrors which steej>ed in the same fearful guilt the people and the prince together, Providence
DR. CHASE’S
KIDNEY-LIVER PILLS
was preparing an awful chastisement
fire. Crowded as the
ONE PILL A DOSE, 25o A BOX
Mr. Alex. Marshall, 59 Essex St., Toronto, Ont., says.— 11 Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills are a splendid medicine and certainly do all that is claimed for them. Both myself and
wife have been greatly benefited by their use. I had kidney disease and pains in the back for over two )cars and at times the pains were so acute that 1 was totally unfit for work. Among the remedies I tried English pills supposed to be good, but they did not fit
KIDNEY
DISEASE
were
my case
“ I heard Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills highly praised, and used them. I now feel like a new man. The pains and aches have entirely disappeared and I can now work with
comfort, endorse Dr
My wife is much improved in health and we b»th . Chase's Kidney-Liver Pills mosi heartily.”
ancient
wooden booths and stores, filled chiefly with combustible articles. The wind from the east drove the flamee toward
This last address,! delivered with a
••Gentlemen," said the professor, I perfect shriek, of rage, bad the effect Standing up, albeit somewhat tot- sending good Madams Baunigaiten termglj at the end of the table, and !	the peasege and through
balancing his high, old-fashioned wine **** kitchen, where she loc ked hoi-glsss in his bony hand. I must now »elf up m the scullery and went into explain to you what ia the cause of ™,e“t hysterics In the meantime, this festivity”	Von Hartmann strode* into th* room
"Hear! hear!" roared the students and threw himself down upon the sofa hammering their beer glasses against j 18 * , .'Jr,?r.8*	*emj>ers.
the table; "a speech, a speech 1—silence	ft1**?/. h® shout ed^^^g	¦	¦ ¦
for a spt^echl”	g r blisel	crumbled brick and art une like paper
"The fact is, my friends," said the *roughly summoned, the young %be flames shot up to the heights
professor, beaming through his spec- J®dy came timidly down-stairs and m-
tacles, "I hope very soon to be mar- to4lt,^e P1 es®n,'<x llf'1 o\ er ried ».	est I she cried, throwing her arms
around
for my sake! It is a ruse in order to
CHASE’S OIHTMEHT
DR.
the corner of the Palatine, whence they forked in two directions, following the draught of the valleys. At neither point were they encountered by the massive masonry of halls or temples, till they had gained such head that the mere intensity of the heat
a
HAS HIVER FAILED TO CURE PILES
Mr. O. P. St. John, the Dominion inspector of steamboats, residing at 246 Shaw Street, Toronto, in the following voluntary letter tells of his efforts to rid himself of the misery
of Itching Piles and of his final success by using Dr. Chase’s Ointment " 1 suffered for nine years from itching piles, at times being unable to sleep on account of the annoyance caused by them. Alter trying almost all remedies in vain, I began the use of Dr. Chase’s Ointment, which entirely cured me. I cannot speak too highly of it. I have recommended it to several of my triends, all of whom have been cured by its use.”
Confound the
adjacent and swept 1 he basements of many noble structures on the Palatine and Aventine. Again they plunged into the lowest levels of the city, the dense habitations and narrow
X
PILES
Den r
I know* this is all done
"Marriedl" cried a student, bolder than the others. "In madame dead, then?”

eee me
To be Continued
"Madame whof"
"Why, Madame von Baumgarien, of course."
"Hal ha!" laughed, the professor; I can see, then, that yon all know* all about my former difficulties. No, she is not dead, but I have reason to believe that sho will not oppose my marriage.”
winding streets of the Ye La brum and Forum Boarum, till stopped by the river and the walls. At ihe same time another torreni rushed towards the
OVER A BAMBOO BRIDGE.
Dr. Chase's Catarrh cure, wonderfully prompt and effective as a cure for cold in the head and catarrh. Dr. Chase • Veba and the Ksquiline anti sucked up 8ymp ot Unseed and Turpentine has by far the largest sale of asy remedy lor coughs, colds, croup, bronchitis aad astbiua. all the dwellings within its reach.	15c., at all dealer», or Edmansoa, Bates, A Co., Toronto.
Amidst the horror and confusion of on g the Himalayas," describes the the scene, the smoke, the blaze, the
crossing of the Teesta River on a rick- din* and lhe scorching beat, with half
the population, bond and free, cast loose and houseless into the streets, dangerous, was at that time a mere ruffians were seen to thrust blazing
ragged skeleton of itself, and to brands into buildings, who affirmed,
when seized by Indignant sufferers, that they were acting with orders; and the crime, which was probably the desperate resource of slaves and robbers, was imputed by fierce suspicions to the Government itself.
"The flames had subsided, after raging for six days, and the wretched outcasts were beginning to take breath and visit the ruins of their habitations when a second conflagration burst out in a different quarter. Three days exhausted the fury of this second visitation, in which the lose of life and property was less, but the edifices it overthrew were of greater interest.
Altogether the disaster involved nearly the whole of Rome. Of the fourteen regions of the city three were entirely destroyed, while seven were injured and four only of the whole number escaped unhurt."
Nero did not fiddle while Rome burned time.
Kxrllle* Experleue* of u Traveller Is
ladfla.
Mr. L. A. Waddell, in his book, "A
III
FUh street was in flames, and the fire pyi^ down In vain by our soldiers, deavpred to rescue them from that spreading so fast that the people bare- th* flnmeH qui(.k|y spread themselves real Tartarus."
WsWlM lltiltll
EMC
ring to this and quoting the leading I he low Hi classes who had remain c*. began to grow marvelously, surgeon in the French army, says:	®' at Moscow,, driven from house 0	short time was entirely rebuilt.
We hnd scarcely taken |**Hese;on house by the fire, ejaculated the moat
lamentable cries. Extremely anxious
"That is very accommodating of her," remarked one of the company.
"In fact," said the professor, "I hope that she will now be induced to aid me m getting a w ife. She and I never took to each other very much; but now 1 hope all that may be ended, and when I marry she will come and stay with me."
"What a happy family!" exclaimed some wag.
"Yea indeed; and I hope you will come to* my wedding, all of you. I won’t mention names, but here is to my little, bridel" and the professor waved his glass in the air.
"Here's to hie little bridel" roared the roisterers, with» shouts of laughter. "Here's her health. Sie soil leben—«hochl" And so the fun waxed ¦till more fast and furious, while each young fellow followed the professors example, and drank u toast to the girl of hie heart.
While all this festivity had been going on, at the Gruner Mann, a very different scene had been enacted elsewhere. Young Fritz von Hartmann, with a solemn face and a reserved manner, had, after the experiment, consulted and adjusted some mathematical instruments which, with a few peremptory words to the janitors, he had walked out into the street and wended his way slowly in the direction of the house of the professor. As he walked he saw Von Alt ha us* the professor of anatomy in front of him, and quickening bis pace, he overtook him.
"I say, Von Althaus," he exclaimed, tapping him on the sleeve, "you were asking me for some information the other day concerning the middle coat of the cerebral arteries. Now I find—"
"Donnerwetterl" shouted Von Al-thaus, who was a peppery old fellow. "What the deuce do you mean by your impertinence.! I ll have vou up before the academical senate tor this, sir;” with which, threat he turned on his heel and hurried away. Von Hartmann was, much surprised at this reception. "It's on account of this failure of my experiment," he said to himself, and
ety bamboo bridge. The bridge, always
make matters worse, was slippery with
green slime. Such bridges are usually
rebuilt once In two years, but this one
had evidently not been touched for much longer than that. On this narrow, tottering structure, open at the sides, Mr. Waddell had to cross over the turbulent, rapid river, three hundred feet wide and seventy feet below the bridge.
The instant you step on such bridges they recoil from you, and swing and stuiKie in an alarming way, rolling from side to side and pitching like a whip in a storm They swerve with a .sudden jerk every time you lift your foot ; not only sideways and longways, but also downward and forward, as your weight depresses the bridge.This goe#i on until you piss the middge of the bridge, after which the oscillating structure kicks up behind you us you ascend.
I goi on fairly well so long as I could k*>k to see the bamboo rod on which I hnd to walk, although the open sides heightened the sense of insecurity. But away from the bank, if you look down to see where to place your foot, the rush of leaping water in the torrent below gives you the giddy sensation that both you and the bridge are running swiftly up-stream.
Yet one muwt keep his eye upon I he single bamboo overhanging the abyss, and find a shaky footing upon it, since to mise it means certain death.
I w:us a quarter of the way over, perhaps, when, as I stepped from one bamboo to the next, it tilted up, and [ could see that most of those in front lying loose and disjointed in their Veilings. They had been broken away by the passing of the person who had preceded me. I co-uld not swing round to go bock; forward was my only course.
I went on with Long strides to get a foothold on this shaking, swinging line of slimy bamboos After each step I hud to half close my eye* to counfeeling of the up-bridge. It wae a
He w;t* at Antium at the
THE SECOND GREAT FIRE
after
is that which raged in London in 1 It followed close ujK>n the black plague, which hud decimated the population and had the effect of purging the infected city from end to end. Nor wan i his the only beneficial effect resulting from a calamity which rendered 200,000 homele.se.
The fire broke out early in the morning of Sunday, Sept. 2nd, 1866, in the house of a baker in Pudding Lane, Thames street. In this region of London the houses were of wood, pa/inted with pitch to make them wind and water proof. The lanes were very narrow, and as the upper storeys of the houses projected one above another, the buildings on either side of the street nearly met at the top baker's house was filled with fagots, and brushwood. The fire spread with incredible fury into the most densely populated quarter flEBEI lanes of Thames street lived stevedores, watermen, porters and carriers. In Thornes street itself were enormous warehouses lined on either side of the street, and stored with oil, brandy and other Inflammable commodities. *

*141#
of the town and succeeded in ext in
guishing the fire kindled in the most ? preserve what was most valuablu to beautiful quarters, when, in conme- them, they loaded themselves with
quence of two principal causes, the packages which they could hardly sus-	.	. ,
flames again broke out in the most	tain, and which they frequently aban-	latest of fashionable fads
violent manner, spread rapidly from	d*ned to escape from the flames. rl ho	dU (or thia novelty belongs to ¦
one street to another, and involved	wtkmen, impelled by a very natural	j Meae wkt> noted for design-
of a certain claw of Russians who	»"d in order to avoid death winch	when thrown into water, expand into
were said to have been confined in the	threatened them on every side, they	odd flowersi which they call water
prisons, the doors of which were	ran with their petticoats tucked up	flowers. The wood Is painted m all
wsmm lESEiSi SfpMs
.ught in the actual nommiasiem of	fared a miserable end. I saw old	chrysanthemums and these are far-
After the	flames	had	penetrated this	the atrocity made no impression on the	men, whose long beards had been	ored most by he	nations!
quarter the destruction was	so	rapid	others, and the fire raged three days	caught by the flames, drawn on small	the chrysanthemum is their national
i hat by 6 o'clock Sunday morning all and three nights. The houses were eerie by their own children, who en-j flower
FLOWERS IN FINGER BOWLS
#
Flowers in finger bowls are the
The ere-
the
They have
were
The
In the narrow
tinued moodily on his
I#]#
teract the giddy ward nmb of the
ghastly process. A false step death in the raging gulf be-
w,iU
surprises were in store for hum, however. He was hurrying along when he was overtaken by two •Usdents. These youths, instead of raising their cepe or showing any
creepy
meantiiHHH
low After what seemed an age I reached the opposite bank.
À
- .
###PAGE###7###
y.
be a target, beer H«e our backs."
The militia
Royal Irish Rifle#
with the line dfM from Sh»*ffieV>„ to
Join the second battalion at .root,
consist o4 120 rank and file of the
third, fourth and flf,n battalions—40
men being drawn from each to complete the drnft. The militia lef* Bel-laHt on Saturday night. Although not officially intimated, It is almost certain that the fifth battalion will be embodied for active service.
By cleaning little by little, one room at a time, the whole family ere not made uncomfortable throughout the housecleaning season, and the house wife does not become so exhausted that it takes all summer to get rested.
ONE ROUrfDCNd TEASPOONFUL OP
>f enemy 'jrj.I't
JAPAN TEA DRINKERS!
4
ll^Jhe Home |
LA
of the "aicb went out

&1*1UN0 liOUBU CLEANING.
Id denning house, people tell ue, we #kou I (I begin with the uttio, then •lean the chain here, then the parlor, tf we have one, the living room, hall»; the fining loom and china closet, the kitcheu aid pantry and last of all the cellar begin with the cellar.
When noted huuavkoeyers disagree ¦feat shall we dot
It see inn to me every homemaker ¦mat study the question from her own environment ; but study and plan she must if she would save time and worry and get through this dreaded season of the year with as little confusion us possible, write4 a coi respond-
fp VI ( SIX I II ? A WIÜ 9UÂM two oups of dwiioivus Les tie uvwt, evuuoiuiasi
1 UV/n I	HAD PACKAOM. 25, 3S, 40, M ane
Rhubarb Fool.—Steam the rhubarb
*oft, with half its weight in sugar;
preaa through sieve u-prful of cold pulp with the same unount of whipped cream cold.
CEYLON GREEN TEA Cheaper to use than Japan tea.
Mix a coffee-
<
The first stroke shows you how it covers, how easily it goes on. how nice it loolos and what a fine g loss it has.
Serve
I
.. a. ,.„.w *. f.mr: I jottings about the war
slice a banana Into the crust and fill
with a cream as follows : Two cups 111EMS THAT WILL INTEREST YOU
AT THIS TIME.
Cream Pie —Hake a
Other people tell us to
FRENCH CANADA
Ramsay’s Pai nts,

sweet milk, yolks of two eggs halfcup white sugar, one tablespoon cornstarch. Cook in double boiler until lhick, then flavor with vanilla. Whip up the whites of eggs until stiff with t wo tablesjKJons of granulated sugar.
Spread light ly on pie and set in moderate oven until light brown. Cool before serving. This is a delicious pie and easily digested.
A Breakfast Dish.—One and one-half
If there is no vegetables in the | cup# of cold boiled ham minced fine of about a hundred feet a second sellar, or if they were packed in dry earth when put in in the fall, and there us no decay, and especially if there ie a window with hinges and an outside door so. that the cellar has been thoroughly ventilated it will sol endanger the health of the family and will save work to leave the cellar till the seed potatoes are planted and the carrots, beets and other winter vegetables will be sale Iroin frost in the woodshed.
it is a good plan to begin with the Attic provided it is so warm that one will not take cold while doing the work.
When cleaning closets it is well to bang all woolen garments on the
clothes line exposed to the sun and | SOMETHING ABOUT OLD FLOORS, wind after a good brushing. This has been my practice
have never had any moths in uiy clos- and soaked in water are excellent for :	The Royal Marines number at pre-
sis. Dresaes or coats that will lade	filling	up cracks in old floors. The	e#nt 18.3bO, of which,	3,750 are in	the
ta lb. BUU ibould b. turned wrong	wg|	(ormfl , Hbft pulp that can	ar*,'lery	brancb’	,	. u
Mde out.	aiv., erion_ The second line of attack carry a
1 like to have the shelves and floors	ea8l|y	be pressed into a amall space,	potion,	the firing	line	joining with
ef closets painted to avoid dampness	and if	putty is spread over this filling	it in the	charge.
Alter washing. 1 also like a hard fin- it will last a long time. The paper leh plastered walls in closets so that should be presesd firmly into the I can wipe them off with a cloth cracks with a knife blade. The coat-wrung out in hot water.	I ing of putty gives it a smooth appear-
Garmeuis which are outgrown or ance and the floor may then be stain-fur other reasons cannot be used in ed or painted and with a rug in the * ? consists of four companies with
two machine guns.
The general decides when the enemy’s fire has been sufficiently subdued to deliver the final assault.
Stirred up over the Cures Dodd's Kidney Pills are Making
The Hoys on llie llaltlefleld and Tho»e o# Their Wny to III* t m e- 411 II ill I a I n I «ok» to Need* of Bravery.
i
wear better than leather, ft is well to bave a point that wears, that protects your house, that alf ways looks pretty and make* you feel comfortable, with juet a 1ft-k tie pride In the beauty of the X thing	your dealer to show
^ you. 50 shades ready for use
¦it'd 1*42.
There are twenty-three field colls.
A battalion’s war strength is 1,097. Infantry march at the rate of eighty-eight yards a minute.
Instantaneous fuse burns at the rate
UlUfiie Bereelers of SI. Tdwldge, the Lateet Reported Formerly m Bell-rale Baa One Bo* ef Bodd'a Kidney I III» Insilialed a Change.
St. Kdwidge, Que., May 7—Nothing Fords should be marked by long ! has ever taken place in Quebec that pickets driven into the river’s bed. has caused such a universal sensation

•nt
!
#
and a cup and a half of potatoes
EhMISSe ! -e ~ ~ Ij
pint of cream sauce, made as follows: *t all elevations beyond fifteen de- jj	,, M tLe Province now à
Melt tab I «spoonful of butter, stir in	| cases are reported every day
a heaping teaspoon of flour, add very ; Rear guards should bo formed of we hear of a case of Chronic Rheu-slowly one pint of milk and a pinch of the best and mnat-highly equipped mutism down in Drummond, cured by pepper, l.et the sauce boil up; pour troops.	Dodd’s Kidney Pills; then a man in
shut *1,‘	r^r;rdr„2°,;™ s Hr"'""
lw* addressed.	In Montreal th* cases of cures of -way the charges made 'JJ both Bn-
forms 6f Kidney Disease by ton and Boef that the other is using
explosive bullets. The
t
a
MONTREAL
First
#
PROJECTILE AIR.
An East End undertaker offer 16 per cent, and a good funeral to persons delimiting money with him lot the extension of his business.
of this Theory TUnl Bubble* Driven by Banter
Bullet* explode In lise Body.
Physicians In South Africa now have another theory for explaining
O'KEEFE’S '« MALT
I»ili >r4ie* and RtrrMthau*-LI/iVD WOOD Toronto. OfTfllRAL AOINT
An infantry soldier on rough ground should be more than a match for a
various
Dodd's Kidney Pills are legion.
Diabetes, Bladder and Urinary Troubles, Women’s Weakness, Blood Dis-orders—all the kidney diseases, in- . Tf eluding Bright’s Disease, have been permanently eradicated in scores of cases.
srSwÏÏS i JÿrP?- -HiFi
of the human eystem. Thia has been touches the bottom, a large bubble of found absolutely true by thousand» of a‘r will become detached and rise to people throughout Quebec.	th« surface. In tb>* case the bubble
Hilalne Ueroeieu of St. Edwidge, a will usually be from ten to twenty village near the Grand Trunk lme in times f he size of the l/ullot.
Compton Con tit y ^ is among the latest Now, a Mauser bullet Uavebng at reported. He was tortured with high speed is said to carry before it kidney disease. Ho was naturally de- & bubble of. compressa i air uf large licate, never having been very strong, dimensions. Kxperiment» mader by He was treated by numerous and van- tt surgeon who t ; *¦ i a v:
. outs doctors, but they availed nothing glass of water showed tho bubble to He was then living out west, but be hundred times the size of the ball, came home east to be treated. Here From the appearance of the wounds he heard of Dodd'» Kidney, Pilla. One and fromj these experiments it is con-box sufficed to show him that he could eluded that the nuusa of çir driven
This spring by a Mauser bullet explodes in the ¦ *|body of the wounded roe a with sufficient force to cause extensive laceration. This destructive air bubble is
The bill to allow marriage with a deceased wife’s sister has been reintroduced in the Houma of Keys, Isle of Man.
extensive
Newspapers torn into small pieces mounted man
laceration often found in bullet d# is now said to be dun to the air ______i the bullet drives Before it into the wound. The existence of this phenomenon can be proved easily. If a round bullet be dropped into a glass
W. P. C. 10*3.
CALVERTS
Walls less than four feet high require a small trench sunk on the inside to secure cover.
Carbolic Dielnfeetante. Scape, Gin* ment, Tooth Powdere, etc., have be#l
awarded 100 inedele and diploma# for W eieellenee. Tbrlr regular me prevent info» to on» dlseaaes. Ask your dealer to obtain i supply. Llate mailed free on application.
The advance guard of a brigade usu-
F. C. CALVERT 4 CO
four family may be given away, j center the crack will scarcely be seen Many people herniate to do this for fear of giving offense; but a "heart that is kind" will find a way to be a blessing
often give advice and help in placing garments where most needed.
Those to be made over for your own family should be ripped and brushed and dipped in gasoline, not gasoline rubbed on the spots, but two or three (alloua put in the wash boiler out doors and the light colored or cleanest clothing dipped first. It should be rubbed a little with the hands in the gasoline, squeezed out and rinsed in clean gasoline.
Mens coats and gowns that do nut need remaking can be washed in this way without ripping. Hung on a line the gasoline will soon evaporate, m
the gasoline becomes dirty allow the Wttr®» I HI III H I HHIHHHHHIH^HH dirt to settle to the bottom and |*>ur | worries have their effect upon the must be used front and rear, and nev-
“SS E?s	“ =
siï-A-rrsrssi ¦l	~~ *.i»	«...
•au drawers and dry them in the sun »che, fickle appetite, pains in the	when he headed for	Mooi River	has	not even t aul Kruger
at least one a year, others fit news- back or loins, palpitation of the	been found. It Is an	ambulance wag-	Black Crow je, possibly on account of
papers into the bottom of their bureau heurt, and a feeling of constant wear-	gon, padded up to the roof for	the	his dark, Kaffir-like complexion, pos-
“H-SrS atiSssSHSi ritrhTr
eughly washed, the inside of the bu- HI1(j for this purpose Ur. Williams* j 1 alace a graceful letter of thanks in treachery at Potchefstroom
cleaned and insect powder blown | Fink Pills for Pale people are wo- reply to the congratulations of the vaiiant garrison at that place, under
crack and corner More man'» Ml triend. They are particu- residents of Kenilworth upon the re- Colonel Winsloe, held out to the very | £ " not necessary to buy corn cures.
,u- e*ci 7ssmtss." msïïïlï s xr —°*— "• s“,h	...... -wu-...... ss
Furs and flannels which are to be through the blood and nerves act	|	...	. of	render by the fraud of Cronje. This	tor	is	the only	safe, sure a.id painless
the summer should upon the whole system, bringing	. J “®	,* ar 1	a _	. '	. r	i8 the story:	corn	remover	extant.	It	does	its
beaten, wrapped in brightness to the eye, and aglow of tou ues.l ay fiom Glasgow. Durmg her	M . a iggi «ir Evelyn Wood work quickly and with certainty. See
newspapers and then sewed up in uu- health to the cheeks. Thousands of voyage four of the horses perished.	*	'	> that the signature N. C. Poison & Co. ; I 111611 MSTlffll*
bleached cotton sheeting. Some peo- grateful women have testified to the She has Lord Lovat’s scouts on board concluded an armis ice with the Boe appeara on each bottle. Beware of Hwll IViai llvl Bo.jiM.eio suuîî
aWmm
furs free from moths for more than great medicine is Mrs. Jus. Hughes, The Vice-Chancellor of Cambridge eight days provisions to each of tbel j F ^nn thirty years by simply brushing and of Drumore, PE L , a lady who pos^ University has been invited by the garrisons in the Transvaal, all boabeating them before wrapping and Besses the respect and esteem of all Secretary of State for War to nimi- tilities being suspended for that
"Th7ma%:m«y be taken to the ! ofter'Tn^anTcu^ls'foKa! ' naU 73 c“ndidata* kr commissions In period. P.etjoubert undertook
piazza and placed in the sun and ai- "Until about four years ago I had	the »rmy—25 in the cavalry, 20 in the	send notice of the armistice loan ne	JL W. Grove’s big lature 1» od each box
tewed to air w ell, pillow s hung in the always enjoyed good health, and was	Royal Artillery, 25 in the infantry and	garrisons and Boer commandai s. Un
wind but not the sun, blankets, if not t looked upon as one who possessed a	^ *n Army Service Corps.	March 1L, according to Ur. Jo sse ,
•oiled enough to wash, hung on a line robust constitution. Then 1 began to	One of the Vatican organs, the	ne^9 of armi,sll(*®, rpactJ"*!®
s i	SÎ	- -, m	jVtsssrjseisi?«a
Van pel » should be taken up, even uudVh/s cure for°amJ!u1 wombs8* 6,1 0n the trana*>orU Montro“e and ] he. the Colonel, wa,	' Zu:n)Tdi^%mZ s^n%Stî%
Et BOiini inconvenience, when the "men grew gradually weaker and w eak«r i Hilarious at Liverpool, for the front, were awaiting entry into the fort. tr^tm#nr HalVeCatarrh Onrt in uk nInter.
§mm
mmm	ifii
A few drop# of ammonia may he add-	vf Dr< Williams Pink Pills 1 There was -o prospect of filling all	MAGNIFIED ADMIRATION.
mmm Elm® psi® ss —_
ârTÂH:i5S	5'--—.sis."
rSHiHJirE st
tablespoonfals of kerosene into two w is as well as ever I had been in | made, will be content with the same
hardwood floors can be cleaned in the	1» not right is
worse than no medicine at all-much I P*1*6 worse. Substitutes are not right; more than that, they are generally dangerous. When you buy Dr. Williams’ Pink Pills for Pale People be sure that the full name is on the I wrapper around every box. if your matter at all,’’ one of the Grenadiers dealer doe* not keep them they will explained to our representative re-be sent poet paid at 60 cents a box, cently. "We shan’t wear them in tear dx boiee for $2 50. by addressing tion ; we shall carry them rolled up the Dr. Williams' Modicine Co., Brock- on our backi. The black spot there."
fille, Ont.	he added with a winning smile, " won t
•i
MANCHESTER
ENGLAND
Household Worries
Brass Band
Ike school teacher can
General Hector Macdonald sent his
box of chocolate# to one of the pupils
at Trinity College, Glenalmond, to whom he writes frequently.
There are 7L’6 officers holding rank
In the army permitted to wear foreign
orders, the Medijidie and the Osman-ieh froming greater parts of the decorations.
MAKE SO MANY WOMEN LOOK PREMATURELY OLD.
Instrument.*, Drums. Uniforms, Etc.
Every Town can have a Band
auofced Fine oetojogue 500 llftu^ Wrfto ui for anything Ip
Music or Musical Instruments.
Whaley Royoe & Co.,
¦ A I Af Mill*. Mill* A Hal*e
: LAW
¦ M w mood 8t,W\,Toronto.
Lowest prives ever tration? mailed free
be cured it lie kept on h* fa returning with his family to hi9 bom* in Western Canada, Dodd’s
Kidney Pilla having made a strong The Ordnance Survey Sappers did mnn out of him. Similar cases ai e j well known to surgeons un 1er the
not leave to make sketch maps of coming to light from all over the name uf projecu e a r.	t
Province.	®
fhff Ar# Ihr Fruitful Haaro if Headnclie*, Servo*» Disorder*, Fai t» I* the Burk and l oin* and I be Feeling of 4 emainnl Wenrliiea* That AOrted Me Many Wo me*.
Almost every woman meets daily
with innumerable little worries in 1 "e country under active operations her household affairs. Perhaps they until after Natal had been invaded If are too small to notice an hour after- by I he Boers.
hut these constant little
Topics of the Day
Everyone fs surprised at the rupi-I CuthollO PfaVAf dity and efficacy with which Nem-1 -line—nerve-pain cure—relieves neu-j rulgia and rheumatism. Nervilme is I a specific for all nerve pains and ! should be kept on hand by every 1 family.	^
At the Dinner Table—Géorgie, don t i stare at Mr. Crumley that way. It isn’t polite. I was just waitin' to see him pick up his glass of water, ma,
I heard pa tell you that he drinks like a fiah.
Books, Rosaries, On* olflxee, Soapultr*
R' litfiou* Pictures, Statuary, and Church Ornament* K lucatlonal Works. Mail orders recel** prompt attao,
ID. A j. 8AOLI6H â 00., Montreal.
CRUEL GEN. CRONJE.
In making entrenchments the pick
tiou
Brill'll Dlallke llliu Wore Than Any Other
Boer In Month Africa.
POULTRY, BUTTER, ECC8, APPLES,
and other PRODUCE, to «-usure best results consign La
The Oawson Commission Co., LirT\itedp
In all South Africa no man ie more
Cor. We-jt-Market A Colborne St., Toronto,
He ia called
fill
lie
f
il Hi
i
i
iHII
The
FOR THE BABIES
Dyeing I Cleaning I

eau
nto every
for the very best send yuiir work to the
trawers.
"BRITISH AMERICAN DYEING CO."
Look for agent iu your town, or send diroel.
Montreal, Toronto, Ottawa, Quebec
laid away during be brushed and
FURS. FURS.
TO (IRK A 10I.D IV OVR HAT
Importer and exporter of Raw Furs and Skins. Con-slgnmentu «elicited. Highest prices paid for glusing.
H. JOHNSON, j
404 St. Paul street, Montreal*
Tom—Why is Jones so unpopular in political circles f Dick—He’s launched a boom for hiihself as the popular candidate.
Michigan Land for Sale.
R. M. MFRCK A.i-nt, WMt P»,Oit», Mloh
>J.W. uveiia. Whitwmore. Midi.
bO YOU USE SHOE
^DRCSSINCI
Q, If TOUW.WA
DRESSING THAT will 4
_ , KEEP THE LFATI1LR . -W SOFT ANO PLIABLE V
l
Z.
N
Have you considered what matrimony means Î asked old Darla Mark. Oh, yes, replied young Spendy. That’s why I want to marry y obi* daughter.


PACKARD'S
ONE TRIAL WILL CONVINCE YOU Of 115 SUPERIOR MERITS
MONTRE tl HOTEL UIRECTORT
An Plan
•I fifth up
JAS. R. ANNETT, Manager
European Plan. Hoorn* I from #1 a da/ up Opp. ?i, Oaralfkr h Co., Prop ».
McQÏfl-IVlefe A Troue Family not«l rates $1 50 per day.________
8T. JAMES’ HOTEL..M%;".%
Railway. Kirst-claa* Commercial House Modern Im provemeuta- Rates moderate.
Hotel Carslake
JOHN J. MAIN, lupt and Treat.
EMINENTLY RESPECTABLE
ti.T.H. Station, Montreal. Qs
The Canadian Heine Safety
BOILER
Was the lecture shocking î I hear AVENUE MOUSE
ih.it the Lecturer spoke the naked truth f
Oh, no; it was clothed in most pro-
Mil
conditions which, if they had been ac- j per language
cepted by the Transvaal before, would have avoided war. Now, although England may give the Transvaal and the Orange Free State home rule, they must become part of the British Em-
women
E
I
- ci' /si few.trrdc/" fddctd*
'fan/ds tut /h	hU*
Esplanade,
Opp. Iherbourne St.,
Toronto
#mme way
Laying carpets is hard woik for a woman tampered aa she Le by her skirts, and would better be done by # man. The floor should be perfectly V» before putting down the carpet. h*n the furniture has been re-the window shades put up, the pictures hung and everything in the room where it belongs, try to get at least a half hour's rest before sup-mr time, in which you do absolute-5 mot lUng
High Class Water Tube Steam Collera, for All Pressures, Duties and Fuel.
SEND FOR DESCRIPTIVE CAT .LOGIS.
Toronto Electric Light The T. Eaton Co., Lias ad The Massey Harria Co. Limited.
The Ouioa Percha Kuoher A Mf* (* The Wilson Publishing Co., Limit#! Ail of Tuvan to, where butlrr» nag be
Unlike some of the Imperial Yeomanry, the Guards have not been supplied with khaki overcoats. They retain their own dark ones
It doesn't
Limited
###PAGE###8###
T A -i- -
I

r
10,000 People
alaxy of
ARE KNOWN BY THEIR FIT AND FINISH-------
Are to-day thinking of getting a new pair of shoes. There is no reason why they should not get them from us.

Our aim is to furnish customers with the best of everything in Tweeds and Linings. Our standard is quality, that being in our opinion the most eloquent salesman. Prices are always satisfactory.
Khaki,” (what the gentlemen ordered South wear) we have it. Call and see it.
BARGAINS :
Hundreds
Are to-day wearing our Shoes, but we are out for the thousands, and we want to win on the merits of our goods and value.
Ladies’ Laced and Buttoned Shoes
Regular, $1.25 ; Our Bargain Price $100
A few pieces Prints
Regular 10c. goods ; Bargain Price 5c.
i
i
*
i*
Will be taken in exchange for Boots and Shoes at the
9
SHAWVILLE BOOT & SHOE STORE,

ALF. R. McGUIRE,
PPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE
T
M. G. STEWART.
Our Bonanza Tea
Regular, 20c.; Our Bargain Price 17c.
*
THE WAR.
Advertise in The Equity.
NOXON

i
\ l
¦Victoria
OTTAWA iGÂTINEAMÏ
Col. Baden Powell Wins a Victory.
Pretoria, Tuesday, May IT».—An official despatch announce» that the federal troops stormed and occupied the fort• around Marking on Saturday morning. The same night the fcdera's were surrounded, so f^r as known, seven killed, seventeen wounJed and a number taken prisoners.
The Hiitish casualties are said to have been f><> killed and wounded.
It is reported that the advance guard * of the force proceeding to the relief c-i • Mafeking from the sou'h was repulsed yesterday.
Ladies’ Black Straw Hats
Regular, 15c. ; Our Bargain Price 10c.
6	Bars Ivory Soap for 25c.
7	“ Sunflower Soap for 25c. Good Washing Soap 4c. per lb.

^0
Fall and winter Tsme Tatis
BINDER
s
Taking effect Oct. !•>, lhtiil
No. 1 Train Leave Ottawa. no. 2 Train Arrive Ottawa Nos. ] and 2, daily except Sunday
/
5 *’T„ r>> I T. AND 0 j r. < VT.
Il'gîtes* Drive Wheel Mai e. I3ra>s Boxes.
Seventh Roller for Elevator.
Xll the latest and hv<t- improvements

%
,5.20 V m. 9.:U a.m.
V:C*5

is
!
ML ,
•v,
For tickets and further information apply Arno tli. Ticket Agent. 9i Spark
to E. <
St., or 31 Central Ch^rs^^FMAN.
Gen l Sup’I
8
4
Pontiac Pacific Moi By
KKVt.ER s t;i;AXl>sON < Al Tt UEH.
London, May 17.—X despatch front L uenz) Marques, dated today, stys that Commandant Elvtl (grandson of President Kruger ), with a patrol entered Ma felting.
Col. Laden Powell opened tire on the burghers killing seventeen of them and taking E oil and VO of his men prisoners.
hapen towell's i.kand i inish.
London, May 17 —The closing days of
the drama at Mafeking have been mai It -
ed by intensify of dramatic interest as
I unexpected as it ia out of proportion to
7 ]h the forces engaged. The news that the
Ll" half famished garrison was not only able
j to repel an attack, but to in Act tuch
n 1 heavy 1 im in killed and prisoners as re-
01 ported in the despatch announcing the
capture of (.’ immandant Eioff, the grand*
_	_	. . T1 ..	t, ., son of President Kruger, and VO of his
Connecting with Hull Llectnc Kan way men< makeB <;re3t Britain more than ever
proud of Colonel Baden Powell s little band and increases to a fever pitch the
national desire f »r their relief. L >rd With Roller and Ball Bearings,
Uober ; and his large army at Kroonetadt Serrated Ledger Plate* if desired.
tirely forgotten. Everyone is tlmiKine	viip.
or talking ot Mafeking and the latest ex*	n n
plaits of its defenders. There was con- ;	I
si lerable speculation as to what Colonel We al<o manufacture the bent and most complete line of Cultivating and Biden Powell would do with his ninety Seeding Implements on Earth, comprising Spring Tooth Cultivators, prisoners and whether the victory has not | (titled with grain and grass sowing attachments if desired.) Spring and Spike so depleted his force as to render him Tooth Harrows, Disc Harrows, Gram Drills, (all kinds,) Horse Rakes, open to annihilation in the event of an (friction and ratchet dump) etc., etc. other attack by the superior Boer numbers. But Lorenz > Marquee already hears rumors that these have been cut oft entirely by the relieving column.
Suffered Heavily.
fît.
0

Officia] Time Table :

A.M
E. HODGINS & SON.
r.M
Arrive i» 45
Aylmer tBreekfcuridge » Far.I ley Parker's Crossing V Mohrs Clayon Wyman’s ‘Tank Bristol McKee’s Shawvii.e
Clark's
Campbell’s Bay tTauk I* Vinton Con longe 'Mellon's Waltham
5.45 Leave
"
9.21
<> 00

’I
*
:«i
«.%
0.12
8.5s
ti.18
s ft
I
t>2ti
O
8.40
6.37
H.47
P. S.—On and after May 14 store will close at 7 every evening except Saturdays.
•»*
8.14
• I
9.56
8.08 8 02
1.58
7.04
The

7.26

7.45
8.00
Oxford Clipper,
FRONT AND REAR CUT
MOWERS <3>
8 03
M2

8 ..CO
\
t
• 47
Notice.
Lea ve t
Tag Station. tTank. VFlag Station.
\
8.55 Arrive
i
/
We beg to inform the farmers that we have secured the services of Mr. Mathiesen who has for the past four years been employed as miller in Renfrew Mill. He comes highly recommended as a first-class man, and we trust by giving liberal returns and the best Hour we can make to secure the patronage of every farmer in this district.
Aylmer

ALL SIZES
P. W. RESSEMA N,
GENERAL SVPER1NTPNDENT
i
TIME CARD,
IN EFFECT FEB, 26,1900.
EASTERN DIVISION.
We huv for ‘-ale at ail times
Flour, Graham Flour, Germ Meal, Bran, Shorts and Provender at lowest prices.
Gas!) paid for good clean Wheat any time you fetcl) it along.
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING CO.
If you deed anything in our line send for our liKM) Illustrated Catalogue, (sen free.) You will find it vvrv much to vour interest to do so.
Trains daily between
OTTAWA & MONTREAL.
LIMITED TRAINS 21-2 HOURS.
THE NOXON CO., Limited, Ingersoll, Ontario.
OTTER LAKE & LESLIE
“ The column advanced at the rate of twenty live miles a day, keeping to the
west of the railway through the Yryburg | Mr. John Moorhead, book-keeper for
with^theB^iHsh Residents12 ^	^	44 The relief column entered Mafeking We had quite a number of Shawville
“ Hazzel’s American scouts have suf- °n Tuesday or Wednesday, after meeting business men here during tiie past week.
jr i;i:t -s.tr = S	LSI rs. J2:
out of a force 100 .trong the have lost 37 8Peakl "f •» atla=k ln atuon* f',rce uPon lt' Abx. McDoimM, and Job. Smith. Mr. in killed, wounded or captured. Their aftcr «h'=h the Boera bolted, lighting a Jos kmith was accompanied by Mr. Me
storming ot the British position at Toba- rear C'Jard actl9n fot »ome t,me-	Kl|'ot,'Dof.tfho(,Ma8?eV B,u™ Co’ .
berg wai grand. They captured Captain “ Theae details are meagre, but it is Mr. RobMjueale had quite an adven
Cheyne and six men.	evident that the function of the relief ^ with a bear hist Monday. It seems
“ Melan'a cavalry added to their laurels column was to attack the beiieging force from wkat he t,,ld y°ur correspondent he last week but lost heavily in proportion and disperse it rather than to open the waN engaged sowing grain in a held very „ to the burghers.	tailwsy and provision the starving town, near a strip of hush, when the bear came
buffet cat New Torkto otUwa.	dered to retreat but remained drinking attack on Fouitee t Streams, and under where he, Mr. Q.male was. He lookttl
the rum left by the commissariat.”	cover of these larger operations it escap* ar°unc* aml Perceived the big brute only
ed observation; and having bee 1 organ- a/ew’ Pac6S tab1 ad him ready for action, zad and equipped with special reference i Mr. Queale took leg bail of course, am to mobility, it trjssed forward with all !	the bear	m	following suit got	entangled
possible dispatch. The retreat of the j	in Vie	w \Te	*en.?e’ ,aui 86121 n8 a	pine km*t
Boers will enable Col. Plumer to enter	only available weapon he could hnd
Mafeking from the north with additional bandy Mr. Queale pounded Mr. Bruin supplies, and the railway will speeddy be *16	disentangled from	the wire-
repaired from Salisbury, where Gen.	^6-	aeemed glad 10 get away, and
.	* in	, Carrington, with the Austral an bushmtn ! made for the woods. Ihe next, time Mr.
General Methren	entered	Hoopstad	on	^d Canadian artillery and other forces	V"6^6 g^68 ^ any of his oat I,elds he is
Thursday, and	on the	same	day	General	win be in n position to co operate with	going to toke a gun-not to sow the grain
Broadwood occupied Lindley which had tho Mafeking garrison.	with, mind you, but to shoot the bear,
been the seat of the Free State Govern- ‘	n	There was a very nice entertainment in
ment since occupation of Kroonstadt.	“ W hether the leader of the relief cot- the Hall of Mr. Jos. Roy last Friday
unin was Col. Mahon, who was Kitchen- night, Mr. Hollingsworth giving a free era trusted lieutenant in the Soudan, or entertainment to promote the interests some other officer not yet named, the	0f the Order of the Maccabees. There
main credit for the dt-1 verance of Male	was a fair attendance and several new
king belongs to Gun. Roberts and Gen.	members were secured, and the prospects
Kitchener, who planned the movement 0f more shines bright, with amazing skill and precision. The 1 success of this relief expedition is an-\ despatch confirming the news of the other proof of the masterly generalship relief of Mafeking on Thursday last was which has transformed the military situa-received at Ottawa on Monday.	tion in South Africa.”
Mafeking was actually relit ved by Col.
B. T. Mahon, who served in the Dongola and Nile expeditions with General Kitchener.
The strength of the column which relieved the town is estimated from 3,000 to as low as 1,500 men, and it carried
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depol
37 V
S. MEN WITH BOERS KILLED OR CAT"
TUBED.
Local -stops at all in-terminate stations. Ar Valley field, com*’, ts to
a 6.10 A.M,
Furniture I
mes Montreal 9.50 a. in teau Jet. for Cornwall ami points we*
Limited stops Alexan-
•	andria only. Arrives Montreal 11 15 a.m. Pullman parlor car attached.
Sin	ly- s at
#	intermediate stations. Arrives Montreal 11.55 a. in. Pullman parlor ear attached.
a 8.45 A. M
Td 8.45 A.M
Furniture
Limited-Stops Alexan dria and Coteau J t only. Arrives Montreal G.50 p. m. Pullman parlo < ar* attached. Connects with trains f-»r Quel>ec Portland, Halifax and all points east of Montreal For Valleyfield and all points south of the 8t. Law rence River. St. Albans, Burlington, etc: Arriving Boston 7 a. m„ New York 7.20 a. m. Has through Wagner sleeping car. Ottawa to New York.
Local-stops at Intern '
# ate stations. Arrive Montreal 9.45 p. in. Connects at Coteau Jet. for Cornwall. Kingston. Toronto, Chicago, etc. Has Pullman ear to Montreal.
a 4.20 P.M.
<>.35 P.M
Look out for the New Things !
Our Spring Line of Furniture is out of sight 1
Would you like to see it ? If so drop in and inspect stock.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot
Lo at—from Boston • New York
a 11.30 A.M
Limited — from Montreal and pts. Alexandria
Limited—from Montreal • leaving 4.C5 p. to. Stops at Alexandria only. Has Pullman parlor car.
Daily— Local— from inter-• mediate points, Cornwall. Kingston. Toronto and points west. Has Pullman parlo eai.
a 12.10 NOON
In Parlor Suites
east, leaving there at 9 40 a.m: Stops at only. Has Pullman parlor car.
a 0.35 P.M
Gen. Botha Captured
General Botha and 23 others were captured by General Hutton’s mounted force on Thursday, 25 miles north of Kroon-stadt. Hutton’» men surprised the party.
Frame are New Coverings are New Trimmings are New Prices are Right.
What’s the use of making a stump speech every time you try to sell a
Sideboard,
Extension Table,
Dining-room Chair,
Kitchen Table,
Kitchen Chair,
Bedstead,
Show the products of the best manufacturers,—they do their own talking.
9.15 P.M
Middle & Western Divisions.
TC AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday) Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
8.15 A.M.
Bay, Whitney, Canoe Like. Parry Sound and intermediate point#.
MAFEKING TOO !
Bedroom Suite, Spring Mattress, Wool Mattress, Parlor Table, Hall Rack, or Lounge ?
.4 Ai\ T>	For Arnprior Renfrew, Eg
1 • lfl. •anville, Pembroke, and in
termediate point#
Besieged Town Relieved on Thursday Last.
Mixed train for Amprior • Renfrew. Egan ville, Ala la
1.00 P. M
waaka and intermediate station#
CREAT REJOICING IN LONDON
Train# arrive at Ottawa Central depot
Sans Ceremonie
From Pembroke. Fgan-• ville, Renfrew, Arnprior
11.10 A.M
and intermediate point#
New Yotk, May 18 — The name of Dewey has been erased front the official plans of 'the handsome new navy arch which is to be built in the Charlestown navy yard at once, says a Boston special to the New York Press. This was done on orders, it is said, from Washington. Officers say that a satisfactory explanation will bo made later. The arch ia to commemorate the deeds of the most famous men of th< navy and ii to form the entrance to the navy yard.
From Parry Sound, Pembroke, Egan ville, Renfrew
5.35 P.M.
Am prior and intermediate points.
Mixed train from Mndawn# ka. Kganville, Renfrew, Arn
3.00 P.M.
London, May 17 —The first Governor Generalship of Australia under the Commonwealth Bill has been offered to the Duke of Argyll, formerly the Marquis of Lome. It is believed, however, that his four guns, two pom poms and two Max acceptance is improbable, as his wife, and thirty five wagons of stores and Princess Louise, objects to living in the
Antipvdes.
prior aud intermediate stations.
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
WITH BEESON, GRAHAM & ELLIOTT,
Central Dept Bissau Seise Slant.
Ticket» to Europe and all parte of the world by all Ainirioan and Canadian steamship lines, also Cook's tours.
Furniture Dealers and Undertakers,
tms,
ammunition
a Trains run daily except Sunday b Sunday only.
«

«

