###PAGE###1###
ERREUR(S) DE NUMEROTATION



v
t
r

/
reme
*#
SIIAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC,
P. Q., TIIUIiSDAY,
Vol XVI, No. 4P,
MAY 4,	1809
SUBSCRIPTION One Dollar a Year in advance
!
BANK OF OTTAWA
Are you using Dowd’s Flour ?
ATS.
lints in town
“THE EQUITY ”
Gentl
ties; new lines just in
drod feet he mlv -"I t" « school bi May, if possible. Carried.
Moved )>y com. Donaldson onded by coin. Cowan, that Miss H„ , and Miss Davies he re-engaged for 0 ensuing scholastic yeac at and on same terms as for —Carried.
Moved hy coin. Hobbs, coin. Donaldson, that th
i See our shirts, col liars and
I H. Shaw.
Samuel Dunn, hotel keeper-keeper of Chelsea is dead.
Rikth. — On Wednesday 20th inst., to Mr. and Mrs. Whi. Elliott
1
I
U u have the fines See them
Owing to ill-health, Mr. Ed. Lang
c*erk in ,1. 1|. >)iau
much needed rest.
, Thv I'dvst styles in worsteds, English it<.li find Canadian tweeds at thu I1*»n tine Woollen Mills.
f
la issued from the office of Publication, Shawvillo every Thursday.
Subscription, $1.00 per Annum.
range <i I. II. bn aw
Head Office Ottawa Canada,
Capital (fully paid up) . 81.000,000.00
81,170,000.00
m<l s
Rest
iking
Hoanl of Directors :
"Chaules Mag le, Esq., President George Hay, esq ,Vice-President
Hon. Gko. Bryson, Jr.
Alex. Fkaskk, Ehq ,
0
a son.
\* 8 haw ville, on Sunday morn mg the infant son of Mr. William El liottw
Advertlslngratcs made known on appllea lion.
Dili
conded by
teachers be allowed the sum of five did? ars each as a slight recompense for th -faithful performance of their duties during the past 2 years and in view of their comparative limited salaries Moved by com. (
Correspondence of local Interest solicited from all parts of the country.
John Math en, F-g David MacLahen, K g
A. IloiMilMt
GOOD WAGES will bo paid for ie<|iiirmg | general servant girl. Apply to A. W.
M,yi ». ?lt rvHsoii'ii'le Reid, the arcade store, Arnprior Out.
. tall and leave your	, .
Ur. .John McKinley was in town on
Monday. Rumor has it that he intends
ilata, ribbons, chiffon, lace, mouseline [opening an cilice at Bristol again.
de ecu. and everything else that I have in stock must be sold before 1st of July.
Great bargains.
Dennis Mvrjhy, Erq
a
Birth, Marriage and Death Notices inserted free; but obituary lines, or •‘poetry” will be charged at the rateof Scents per line money touccompany themanuscrlpt in every case.
Horse Bills. route hills can he rates at this office orders early. •
Horsemen
General Man*g< r, .. .. Manager
GEORGE BURN L>. M. FINN1B
A GENERAL BANKING BUSINESS
transacted.
— ( arried.
• seconded by
com. Hobbs, that an Academy and Model school teacher be advertised for, asking for a male or female for Principal and female teacher for Model department. both to have experience in teaching. All applicants to state grade of diploma. Nationality and religion and the lowest salary expected.
Meeting adjourned.
In the Domin
Drafts issued on all Banking points Ion, United States and Great Britain.
Notes and Bills . '). *. I,
Interest allowed on Diposlt Receipt at current
rates.
J. A. COWAN, Publisher
>wnn
Boots and Shoes.—We easily lead in this line, largest, newest and best stock in County.
.	I To Preac h.—Rev. O. C. Carey, will
A meeting of the Pontiac Tt achers’ preach in Hudgins' Hall on Sunday next, Association will he held in Shawville Ac- the7th inst., at 3 oclock, p. m. All are ademy on Saturday, May Oth, at 2 p.m. cordially invited to attend All interested in educational matters requested to be present.
W. W. IRELAND,
J. II. Shaw
Mits. James MvCredie
Bums of $1 and upwards rereivol 11 Bavirgs De pirtmont. Intcrent credited half yearly.
Office Hours—10 a. in. to 3 p. m. Saturday 10a.m
to p. III.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court.
Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgages, etc., executed legally and satisfactorily.

8HAWVILLE - -
QUE
are
H. Lan,;,
Sécréta ry. - Treas urer
Dr. H. H. Knox, arrived hume from Colorado on Monday evening, looking Lost—about the 20th of April, be* I a«d feeling, we are glad to report, some-tween Thackray’s Mill and the boarding what improved in health
untr,ig,W
by returning the same to	the owner may have by describing the same
and paying &> cents, cost of this advertisement, by applying to
)
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. M.,
Sliver Woddlrgr
F. r. m. c
*
OF CANADA.
On Saturday, the 22nd inst., M residence of Mr. and Mrs. Matthew Thompson of Clarendon Front, was the scene of a very pleasant event which created quite a sensation in our neighbor hood, viz., that of a “silver wedding ’ devoted to the cause of missions. Shortly after .'J o’clock p. m , the guests bordering upon fifty in number began to arrive. After a very cordial reception from host and hostess and the removal of wraps, etc., they whiled away their time in social conversation, friend meeting with friend and enjoying to the full eat extent that sacred bond named Friendship, music also being indulged in, till the hour appointed for repast arrived including in all, three sumptuous tables Early Closing. —Our readers will well qualified to satisfy the appetite, at observe from the notice to be found in	the same time making a brilliant display,
another column of this issue, that the	fruit included, which served as a remind-
principal merchants of this town have	?r that twenty five years mingled with
decided to close their respective stores at	j°y* and sorrows had elapsed 'since the
G o’clock every evening, (Saturdays ex	" important " event of their lives
cepted) on and after the luth of this	bad transpired. Each having satisfied
mumth, the arrangement to continue in	their appetite, next in order came the
force till the 1st day of October next,	silver collection which fell to the lot of
This is a step in the right direction, and	Mr. Edward Graham of Elmeide to suit! keeping with the system now in opera-	periutend; having d- ne so in his usual
lion generally in all the cities and towns	Able manner he found it amounted to the
throughout the country. When the	neat little sum of sixteen dollars, which
matter is considered from a fair stand	will be devoted to the 44 Womens For-
point it does not appear reasonable that	eign Missionary Society,” meeting month-
Has a New Chin.— Wo learn from Itho employees of a store should be con* ly in the Presbyterian Church, Bristol,
I the Ottawa Journal of Saturday last that bned from seven o clock in the morning which Mrs. Thompson is an active 111 tho little boy, Harold Kennedy, who tlU tf or 10 o’clock at night just to grati* member. Next in order came the ai-had his chin bitten	off by	a	horse	at	Mr.	h whims of the people who leave	dresses from Rev. Jas. Coffin, Anglican
. W. A.	Hudgins’,	on	the	8:h	of	March,	lhtilr shopping off to an hour when daik-	minister and Rev. T. A. Nelson, Presby*
The marriage of Mr.	Andrew	Dumas * and who was removed to the hospital at	ness prevents them from doing anything	tenan minister in this section, bearing
and Miss Hattie McCaffrey, of Bristol, Ottawa on the following day—has had	&	more at their own particular occupations,	the grand and glorious work of missions
was celebrated on April 21st.	| new chin grafted on at that institution,	in a store have a right to claim with the good they have accomplished,
The operation is described as follows ;	some little respite from labor as well as	aftu-r which Air. and Mrs. Nelson render
The Raymond Sewing	Machine	equafs |	“ The boy bad plump fat cheeks and	a	any other class of the community. They	od a duet entitled “ Over the Sea.
any in the market. For sale by A. Smiley I quadrangular	piece	was	taken	frem	each	»hould have some opportunity ot preserv-	n’uly Miey sang the doxology, after whiçh.
Shaw ville, from 820 up.	j	and brought	down	to	the	chin,	where	In£ their health by being afforded time	they dispersed fur their several* îlumes,
T.	e .	.	. .	| they were stitched together. Tho skin to mdulge in the much needed recreation thanking their host and hostess for their
,.w7	TRi nf!V!r*i gan rl8ing, Ve,7 from the lower part of the chin was cut which an m door life requires; hut if you very pleasant meeting, also wishing them
üa ss- *'t ? F‘teF	S 'SSzXJte	asaras: s stir? „ïs I	wti.* •**
Hood may come up to that of 18<0.	j plete. The portions of cheek where the and replenish the tissues of the body,
Before you invest in a spring suit set flaps of flesh had been taken from were decline must inevitably set in. The
.......................^ *he~h r m B,,
ilif sigfliSIllsi_.
sate
Signed,)
Graduate of Trinity University, Toronto ; Graduate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity Med. College, Toronto. OrnvE and Rtoir.ENCR : J. II Akmhtronu'h House,
the
CAPITAL - - - $6,000,000. RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
Wesley Youn
Norman Brownlee,
Itudford
MAIN STRKET - - 811 AW VILLE
Come and inspect our stock of machinery of all kinds. We have just tho kind I	Tho Shawville Marble and Gran
of goods to suit the farmer, and they are ito Works, Alex. McDonald, proprietor consequently going like hoc cakes. Be turns out a superior class of work in Mon in the swim and secure the best.	| urnents, Headstones,etc. Prices reason
A. Smiley. able
Head Ollier» - Montreal.
—--O--
SHAWVILLE It R ANT IV,
WM. GAMBLE,
BARRISTER, &o.,
169 Main Street,.....
Hull.
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday
of each month.
Office—over G. F. H origins’ Store, Main St.
Money loaned on approved security at reasonable rates.
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all parts of the world.
HAVINGS BANK.
Accounts opened for amounts of one dollars and upwards and Interest allowed.
Preparations for tho erection of the
A large number of people assembled at the Methodist church on Wednesday last Shawville Roller Mill have commenced, to witness the marriage of Miss Annie, * large quantity of building material be-daughter of Noble Armstrong, E»q., of ln8 already on the ground. Mr. George Clarendon, to Mr.J.W. Burgers, a popular Findlay, we understand, will execute the young resident of Meirickvdle, Ont. Af- j *tone work required, ter the ceremony which was performed by the Rev. W. Knox, a large number < f guests drove to the residence of tho bride's father to participate in tho wedding festivities. The young couple left by following morning's train fur their home in Mortickville, accompanied by the best wishes of many friends of the bride.
Miss M. Matheson filled the role of bridesmaid, while Mr. Alfred Burgers, brother of the groom, acted the part of groomsman. Since the above was put in type a more extended report, including a list of the bridal presents, has reached us.
This will appear in our next issue.
u»
Court Shawville,
No. 276.
1 L0.Ê1
Office Iiorns
8ATUIt DAYS .
iûtü
1	: / I’ourt dues must bo paid
l)ro,l,l,tly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cor-^	dlully invited.
10 A.M.T 10 A M. TO 1 P M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager
PM
/

L.BX

J. A. Cowan, R S
H. 8. Raknett, F.S
HVOII Hobbs, C. It
Have you tried Dowd’s “ High Loaf Flour i
Seeps.—T~ kinds now in stock
Dr, J. E. TAGGART, L. D. S., D.D.S.,
Field and garden seeds of all
J. H. Shaw.
Corner of Rank and Wellington Streets,
£4T Hpo ial attention given to appointments mailt by mail.
| OTTAWA
Mr. II. S. Dowd's oatmeal mill at Quy on is now in operation, and working sut isfactorily.
A choice selection of tweeds of kinds now in stock at the Pontiac Wool
A. Hopgins.
BOURBEAU EilSVILLE, L. I, L
*1
lun Mills
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON, will visit‘Shawville every Monday
on
Arthur McConnell
ATTORNEY AT LAW, Main St. Hull. I\. itnc, will, atrequest.fttiendttllcourta In thedlstrlct. Alleorrespondeuctpromptly answered.
Will be a tShawvi lied rst Thursday oTench month.
Fi
CEO. C. WRIGHT,

The Citizen is Ottawa’s
LEADING DAILY PAPER
72 MAIN ST. - HULL QUE.
Ad-
—O
Will attend Superior and Circuit Court at Bryson, also other Courts In Pontiac I>l«-trlct when required.
A. Nodgins
;
Early Closing
JAS. HOPE& Co,
Yf ANUFACTURING STATIONERS,OOOK8EL ItX 1er*, Bookbinder* Printers, etc. Depository f the Ottav/a Auxillpry BibleSoelety,Ottawa, Ont.

A
Undertaking
The undertaking equipment of Cuthbertson & Graham is second to none in the district, and all orders receive prompt attention at moderate charges.
WILLIAM ELLIOTT
T>AILIFF OF THE SUPERIOR COURT 13 Shaw ville. Que., respectfully solicits engagementsfor any buslnessln connection with all Courts tn the County, Collections roadeand prompt relu rnsassured
C
The Arnprior Watchman • says :—A : ago while playing with his father’s young man from Bellamy Road, who is horses. If the enterprising scribe had j <yeik gut time to sit down quietly on his soon to marry, came to Arnprior a few ! turned to the files of the Journal he doorstep and read bis evening newspaper, days ago and at an auction sale purchased would have seen that the accident had u|‘ apofld an hour or two in any other
among other articles a cradle. This is occurred seven weeks ago, and not while pleasing pastime he chooses to select, and
horses. lt 19 indeed gratifying to note that our
St. Lawrence Hall,
•T. H. SHAW,
O. F HODGINS, E. HODGINS.
m9
Mrs C. M. McLean,
Proprietress.
May 1st, 1899
.. “ playing " with his father’s	, , . .
heard of Further on the item says the boy was merchants have decided on giving them
brought to the hospital a few days after | this duly merited consideration. And
amsESB^sw
iüliiiEEi
to m the communication.	I , hospital when the boy was taken U>mmi«s.oners present :	Messrs. W. A. i18!*
1	Hudgins, Cowan, Hobbs and Donaldson
Chairman in the chair.
said to be the choicest example of “ aim pie trust and child like faith in a long while.
NOTICE.
Good Accommodation. Table and Bar al ways well furnished.
First-class Livery Attached.
pON'ÜAC HOUs/r
y «HQ


¦•V .
m



im


.

GEORGE BRYSON
]Mr. Robfc. Surtees, C. E., of Ottawa, | down
W8 8 in town on Tuesday and NS ednesday I	I Minutes of last meeting read,
last for the purpose of securing data from |	jaa Maclmn OH Listening to a	Moved by com. Hobbs, seconded by
which to foini an estimate of the pro-	Sermon.	corn. Donaldson, that minutes as now I Oats
bablc cost of a system of waterworks for	Maclaren wri“a - Tho Art of read be adopted.-Carried.	Peas......
the Municipality. Accompanied by f ho leulng to a Her mon/’ in th Smy Ladles’ Moved by com. Hobbs, seconded by I Buckwheat
eeEEEÏSHmH SL SSLSS	...
aide source of supply, and has given his This autbor-pre* cher write* that the n g- tee to arrange and make a choice of tho Wool
SHAWVILLE, P.Q.
C. CALDWELL,...proprietor com™, he has not yet had time to crystal- j to. and	,eq,!ir!ï the present school year -Carried.	Beef. P
600 Ladles'* and gents bicycles kept for hire ***ion.	I also.’*	*	1
Shawville Produce Quotations.
i
00 te 29 60 to 65 38to 40
37 to 40
i
# #
9

16	to	18
.	to	13
. 4.75 to 5.00
4.00	to 4.50 5.50 to 7,00
.....35 to 40
5.00	to	5	75
..	42	to	75
e e e

r ton
|; . 83
e e t

• #
r.
m

j.
>


j

s


L

###PAGE###2###
s
sc
/
• .................
l have been u*ld that when an> «>i ,« ligiouf All the joy» of heaven would God# Spirit will not always at rivt.	(h|( endureth to the end shill be sav-
t ho members of any of the great sec-	Vl in, out a ml moot you, and Uml would	\\ i t h hardened, self-destroying man.	I	^	,, ^	t |1V |>ralWvh cannot bear fruit
rot societies of tins country are in a	oiy oul f1Um the throne:	Put a ring	Ye who persist Ilia love to grieve	I	f	l(g|>|f	exre.,( jt „uide in the vine;
distant city, and are in any knu «	0u hie hand." You a ret not, happy. 1	May never hear His voice again.	I	|llore oan yu except ye abide in me.
>ublo, and are set upon by «‘“V"‘ y	see it. There is no peace, and some-	M lïml Almighty this hour move	Vu, off	a ,wig from a vine, and it
•“:rrK.!ES% m	arcs
—SHHSI............................................ lœ'iïœ
armed cohorts of heaven will tome m lajn that can sla^e the thirst, Here bus rescue.	is th » harbour where you oan drop
Still further: "ben Christ takes a aaf0 anchorage. Would you not like, soul into Ins low lie puts upon n a | u8j£ Vm1—,lut perfunctorily, but as
one brother might talk to another —
would you not) like to have a pi How	_	i pi avei
of rest to put your head onf And .. 1Ue illle lim| the itrnu.	àohn IA. are attitude
would you not like " hen you iciiie at I i-n. <.oij«-n Text* John ia«	; i^at it blessings are constantly pour-
n glu b. I eel that all is well, whethei I	Pit vt’llCM NO IKS	ed Turn it upside down, and nothing
you w ake up to-morrow morning at	1 V	,	is received ; turn it straight up, and it
Six o clock, or sleep the sleep that Verse 1. The symbols of this lesson i#	t(, ()verf|ow,
know;, no waking f Would you not nr0 SQ Hin)pi0 that explanation in de- &	| am t lit- vine, ye are the branch-
--¦ 4:? yuSEv HE:
l^ud Jesua today, and all is well. | out Saviour with his disciples. 1 he I	j , j him, the same bringeth
rS rS E rîïïTÆ
tmÊSm ECBBEH
this day Mine sudden disease should «‘II such nearness and union are passed from me. Ne can do nothing. So t u nine upon you, it would not frighten by the identity which is here pictured	J labored, yet no •	H!,
beautiful h,tme oil earth, and know I,he tfue vine. the ideal vine. As r;ist f,„th as a branch, and is with-that you	are going	right	into the com-	England holds the rose, Scotland the	‘Ted;	and men	gather	them, ami c.iaf
panionship	of	those	who	have	already	lily, Ireland the shamrock, and France	' h- m	into the fire, and	they ate mrn-
52 '%u%T.m"^%rd"y &r%	“ ,b,‘ “ebrew	KnglUh 7fTis"«'ha/Ti„:„ nChri:
forent from the way you feel any other	h'h[ th* vine for	its symbol.	In spite	ti.m lives for earthly and not heaven-
nigh» of the week. You come home I of the prevalent	rigid interpretation	ly ends he has already severed himsell
from the bank, or the store, or the	Qf the second commandment,	this em-	fn.,ni Christ, and Ins spirituality is m
woeVworkU dîme, and't^morrow’"."!	hlt'm '’nlyred intu	lbe arlislio	a"‘1	m'i'rkcd that v°ne hn.rchesTJ good
It is a pleasant thought. | lic thought of the nation, and was for nothing but to Invir grapes; and
A great gold It. kg other dressings <*f the vineyards
are made into bonfires because there
. is nothing else to do with them. In* (.ate of Jerusalem’s temple. On coins	sfml(1	of .<mpT)	them,” the Re.
Judea was represented by a cluster of (vised	Version	reads,	"they gat hoi
them.** Hut we are not to think ol this passage ns containing any doctrinal statement concerning hell fire.
7. My words. fly the Soripturei where briers had been; it took deep | Christ is presented to ue from different
points of view. He here points to him
...	, t	. self not as the Lamb of God, nor as thi
covered with its shadow; its boughs | ma jest ic commander of the forces ol
were massive as a cedar less it proved to l»e a failure; for a

•• &>«¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
With i hose lu glory gone;
For nil iho servants of uiu king, In heaven and earth, ure one.”
PUT A BING ON HIS HAND
I
REV UR. TALMhGE SPEAKS OF THE PRODIGAL SON.
A il roe g KmprfMlun Abroad at to Urli-glon 1» Are 4MMrr(l of Klernal i»« feneet Wllh Ike King of I hrl*IN Adop lion A pon Our lia ml —He Fallow* ion Willi All lll> ileal I ü An F nil Hilled 1»> liallon lor all lo I omv to lied.
11
111
A despatch from Washington says: —Rev. l)r. Ta Image preached from the following text hand."—Lukft xv. 22.
I will not rehearse to you the familiar story of the fust young man of th»* parable. You know whut a splendid h line he left. You know what a hard time he had. And you remember how that after a season of vagabondage and prodigality he resolved to g weep out his sorrow on the bosom ol parental forgiveness great excitement one day in front the door of the old farm-house, servants ooine rushing up ” What’s the matter? What is the matter?” But before they quite arrive the old man cries out on his hand.” What a seeming absurdity. What can such a wretched mendicant as this fellow that is tramping on toward the house want with a ring.’ O. he Is the prodigal sou. No nine tending of the swine trough. No more longing for the pods of the carob-tree. No more blistered feet. Off with the rags ! On with the robe Î Out with the ring 1 Even so does God receive every one of us when we come back. There are gold rings and pearl rings, and cornelian rings, and diamond rrings ; but the richest ring that ever flashed on the vision is that which our Father puts upon a forgiven soul.
I know that the impression is abroad among some people that religion bemoans and belittles a min;, that it lakes all the sparkle of his soul; that he has to exchange a roystering independence for an ecclesiastical strait-jacket. Not so. When a man becomes a Christian, he does not go down, host arts upward
one by ten thousand. Nay, the multiplier is in infinity. It is not a blotting out,—it is a polishing, it is an arborescence, it is in efflorescence, it is an irradiation. When a man comes into the kingdom of God, he
Fut a ring on hie
~Iirw*l vessel to the wind, puis him wheel and
THE SUNDAY SCHOOL. |	îSTîimrf
lie	he wind. So
have simply to put ourselves in
w i I h
INTERNATIONAL LESSON, MAY 7
Now that is not a Vint 1 will betroth
l will be-
we
ring
marnage
V III III "I nnno.
i live unto Me for ever; yae, lnnh ilive unto Me in righteousness, mil in judgment, anil in luving-knvl-, and in mercies,'* II sen ii 41 At \\w wedding altar the bridegroom puis
the hand of the bride, sig-and faithfulness. Trouble iho household, and the
Kot
ind faiih in their last analysis, The soul is like a cup.
Christ
connect ion
ness
I lid
a ring upon nifymg h>v« may ( ome upon
carpets ma> go, the pictures may go,
everything else
Well, there is
f
The and say :
i he- pun
' in »> go,
tliv last thing that gotvs is
for it is consider-ln i he bridal hour it is
may g
that marriage ring
ed sacred, withdrawn from the hand and kept in
a casket, and sometimes the box is opened on au anniversary-day, and as \ vhi look at that ring you see under its arch a long procession of previous memories. Williiu tii© goldtsu <n<lo of that ring there is room for a thousand sweet recollections to revolve, and you think of the great contrast between the hour when, at the close of the “Wedding March," under the flashing* lights and amid the aroma of orange-blossoms, you set that ring on the round finger of the plump hand, and that other hour when at the close of an exhaustive watching, when you knew that her soul had fled, you took from that hand which gave back no responsive grasp, from that emancipated finger, the ring that she had worn so long and. worn so well. ()u some anniversary-day you take up that ring, and you repolish it until all the olu lustre comes back, and you can see in it the flash of eyes that long ago ceased to weep. O, it is not. an untiling when I tell you that
soul into His
Put a ring
re-
There is refreshment and reconst rue- I familiarly reproduced
lion in the very idea. O, how pleasant | vn vine was festooned over the Golden it will be if, when we get through the day of life, anil we go and lie down in out bed of dust, we can realize:
"Well, now the work is all done, and grapes to-morrow is Sunday—an everlasting Sunday.**


Centimes earlier the psal-
mist had tiung of 1 steal brought out of Egypt and planted
as u vine
meaning
when Christ receives a keeping, He puts on it
He endows you from that
ent with all His wealth. ^ ou	I
Christ and the soul—one in sympathy, affection, one in hope. I here
is iv» power in earth or beJl to effect a There are peuple in the house to-day
divorcement after Christ and the soul wjj0 aro very near the eternal world.	HI	I _
are united. Other kings have turned ,f you are Christians, l bid you be of season it brought forth “wild grapes out their companions when they goi gO0(j cheer. Bear with you our con J then became weary of them, aqd sent them adult gratulations to the bright city. Aged
bnnfahed10 VashU;6	"the I	devoured it; i, was
Jos phi ne; but Christ is the husband better land, and when you see them, cut down; it was burned withi()f tj,oso ^ings
that is true for ever. Having loved te|j them that we are soon coming, tire; it perished utterly. Now, to Mice that we have in him. that if we you once. He loves you w * !tTret ()nl.yla fvW ™°.rti sermons to preach understand the beautiful passage ask anything according to his will, he
e ar,a vsxri.‘i,r ^	»...
said; "You must give up your religion. a few more tears. And then-what nn selves as nearly as possible in the llla, we have thrt ionn that we ,le-,	She said: "T can't give up my religion, entrancing spectacle will open be- mental and spiritual attitude of the I sired of him "
largest liberty, and iVighteaHo" and	ttTdiot i„ a fur6usl	I disciple,. To them the vine was a * Herein is my Father glorifiea.
61115 fiilil IEE5 mim I limn
¦¦
wh > pride themselves on their nnces- thing more appropriate for a birthday	l	he>	du	not	want	any i n _
try, and they glory over the royal gift than a ring. You delight to lx*-	do	not	belong	to	' m
blood that p^mrs through their arter- stow such a gif’ upon your children get along without lea In th 'ir line there was a lord, or it such a time. D means, joy. hilar-a duke, ora prime-minister, or a king, ity, festivity. Well, when ' his old But wfa'1 n the Lord, our Father, puts man of the text wanted to tell how upon ua ihe ring of bis adoption, glad he was that his l>oy had become the children of the back, be expressed it in this way ruler of nil nations. "Behold, what tu illy, before he ordered sandals to >e manner of love the Father hath he- put on his hare feet, before lie ordered stowed upon us, that we should he th* fatted calf to be killed to appease	.
called the sons of God." It matters the boy's hunger, lie commanded: ' 1 ut enter into that associa tun ^
not how poor our garments may be in a ring on his hand."	. ;l sMttI,le; ct 1 1	' , V’htiiTh and I ed." says Paul,
¦*¦5
Lord is with them that	fear Him."	fort afforded them; and yet they	are	1 he xvoiid is gung 1 * T1?, ‘thh xyA
Adopted! Then we have	the family	as happy as happy	can 1h>	They sing:	many of its votaries next . a >>i m
Inheritance, and in the day when our “Rock of Ages" as no other people in give you warning, lb	.
Father shall divide the riches of heav- th“ world sing it. They never wore host coming m to stand under fl en we sh ll take our share	of the	any jewelry in their life but one gold	banner of ’be Lord J*sus	V" *	’
mansions, and palaces, and	temples,	ring, and that was the ring of God's	MA ill	you be among hem.
IfAnceforth let u* boast no	more of an	undying aff-ction.	0. how	happy	re-	ing to be a grer harve* • > y •
earthly ancestry. The	insignia of	ligion makes us.	Did it	make	you	you tie among the gathered sheav
eternal glorv is our coat-of-arms This gloomy and mad? Did you go with your Some of you hive been thinking ring of adoption put» upon us all hon- head cast down? I do not think you this subject year alter >e:lf\ * or and nil privilege. Now	we can	got religion, my brother. That is not	have	found out that this world	is	<\
Nke. the words of Charles Wesley, that	the effect of religion. True religion	poor	portion V>u want to
¦'	stia 'S'.ravr.ffRlüP Kdi°Æn:r rsr,ir....
Why. religion lightens all our l>ur- forgetful of «he fact that to be alnior-t dens. It smooths all our way. It in- saved is not to lie saved ut nil. O. terprets all our sorrows it changes my brother, nf’er hiving c une so the jar of earthly di-cord for the peal I near to the door of marcy, U* you turn
a marnage moui-one.
"O, when, thou city of my God, Shall 1 thy courts ascend? Where congregations m
And Sabbaths bave no end
ring
root, and extended far; the hills were

break up,

Never!ho-1 t he universe, hut as the Teacher, the
Truth, (he T'tteror of God's words. Y* shill ask what ye will, and it shall be done
one in
Religion multiplies

S
Rut remember the If with the verse begins
"words," the "sayings," of the Lord "abide" in the Christian, says Dr. Moulton, hl.s prayers must be echoea
This is the oonfid-
in empty vine;" the hoar) whirl out of the wood wasted it; the wild
If t ha

id not sent
intc a menial service, but the Lord God Almighty from the ;xilace@ of heaven aalls upon the messenger angels that wait upon the throne to fly and a ring on his hand
m
put

t

Let your
mg
A measurement
I he
»
Wo have
a w a v
I
I Baptist had used almost 1 figure when he said that the ; l cannot leid to tho root of the fruitless tree,
,*'¦**»	There are I which was about Lobe hewn down and .............
„ïmprh«to."h1	kuii¦£
md heaven, that 1 want nil the helps H. ihit it may bring forth more fruit. ..........w ,
»f ali t he symbols and of all the Chns- J he divine Husbandman is working for Father
nil l want around trim, and we join in his endeavor. The
Our light
we must have tribulation ix was | affliction, which is but for a moment, worketh for us a far more exceeding and eternal weight of glory.1
Rut
so
cause our Lord is the true vine; because we are the branches; because hi«
is 1 he Husbandman; bedkuse
liai! associations ; and l want arouuu i •• «¦»¦»	,»0 ju..un uui euueuvor. i iv* | every branch that bear nth fruit he
alxiut me a solid iklialanx of men who , pains and limitations of life arc his purgeth it; because, in short, of every love God and keep His commandments. pruning and husbandry, which some- precious truth we learn from this let* Vre there any here who would I ke to 11 mes bring painful experiences, but uf-
Vhen by | terward work out f.u uh the fruit of
‘NX hen we are judg-we are chosen of the
my attention
got
Ac-

son
for ad- righteousness
THOSE GIRLS
tiful fact
NOTHING TO HIM
Watt.*—1 want to say (hat magiviai
*
w!nl.N"•'('hri6trîovLîl‘V. and! WHAT AKFKCTEU APPRECIATION
gave himself for it that he might sane-	Husband—Whit was that you were
tify and < leanse it with the washing playing, my dear • of water by the word." This "word" Wife—Did you l«ke it # is a collective phrase for t h«* entirel Ii was lovely,—the melody divine, the potency of Jesus t hrist, his life, teach- harmony exquisite ! lop. death, and resurrection, all of Ii is the very thing I played last which, taken together, are the spring evening and you said it was horrid, and source, and not only the instru- Well, the steak was burned last ev-ment, of the Christian's purity.* verse 7.
4. Abide in me, and I
See
ening

Oil ! our-
m you.
two cardinal duties are to keep selves in Christ and Christ in us. The holy relationship may be t rated by the love of t man beings, each of which in truth
NO DIFFERENCE.
These eggs are n >1 so good as the mes you sent last week.
They ought to lie, mum tut of the same crate.

"frune let 140 join our friends above, Who have obtained the prize ;
And on the ongle wings of love To joy* <*&**! ia I rise
illus
They're
hu
-
/

f
###PAGE###3###
T


\
IT’5 A 5TICKER for qu»nty—remember ,he name
,	r'K COST MONEY.
Dear girl, he said rapturously.
If il * just the bu roe to you, George, I would prefer not to lm vo you u«« that adjective, she returned.
Why not ? he demanded.
It reminds mo too much of what papa some! iute.s mays to mo.
PROFITS IN ORGAN GRINDING.
A Word to the
Wise is Sufficient.
LUDELLA
44
Fw» **n«lon rirrlm Celled Over $10
KleUl Hour*' ri i.i Ills*
ft
Of the financial possibilities OX —	.
gan-grinding, us a means of livelihood	Blit SOfttC stllbbOffl pCOp C
Horny 8. Penny, a clerk in lbe Hank-	,, a;/ t> doWTl sick " be-
ruptcy Court, told an interesting	,	J ilfn* cc
•tory to a London -Dally Mail reyre- fore trying to <Ward Off tlltU SS
•ratutive. Mr Penny slated that, as ^	^ J^g <WISC reCOÇ-
the result of a wager made between	,	4 4Hood'S ' ’
some fellow clerks and himself, he and fllzC tfl tnC *W
a friend, A. J. Southgate, of the Do- ^sufdfld of flCâlth#
For ell blood trouble#, scrofula. plm-
the effective and faultless cure.
Wall. Olinten, Out.
some of one partioa to the wager wun	Hood'»LeVed'm.of a
the organ outside Jones & Higgins , end It	T1„nMcUsoaoi, carstaker,
I’cckham, at 8.31) on the appointed day. c#|t inwtltote, Galt, Ont.
wohpaid '"to. M.1 ned%it nnd^nolhTr	SoAMlfMttffo
2s Cd when wo returned at night. W 0
dressed ourselves in old clothes and ^________________
rr rz invrs:
had prepared a board, which we stenciled the words,
or-
C12 Y LON TEA.
2 5, 30, 4O, 50 & 60C.
Lc.nl packages
The Nww Woman
Now enters u/*>n pursuits formerly monopolised by men. Hut tin* feminine nerves are «till hers and she suffers from toothache. To her we recommend Nervilme—nerve piin rme — cuies toothache in u moment. Nervl-11ne, the most marvellous pain remedy know 11 to acLeoce. Nervi line uny .he used efficaciously for all nerve pain.
c
mmSm
onboy’s Improved arriage Tops ..



h; ;%
m
•KCIIVID THI HIQHBST A WAR! AT TNI WORLD'S FAIS IMS.
?onian Club, recently hired a piano organ from Charles Ricci, of 30 Warner Street, Clerkenwell, and with a caïd bearing the words, "Kind friends, vs <' English clerks," played before »l>~ preciative audiences in Old Kent road and Peek him " It was arranged,'
maid Mr. Penny, " that we should meet
with

r

Oenbey*e Patent Roller Tope here met with
eu. h enlvereel furor ’her.other mmunfeetuw _ % ere now milking Inferior v»tb»ni aod veiling their on the rr pipette n the Con hep Tope hare ma le. Do not be hoodwink *<l ’>» »./ pei eon who reeueiroeode am teferteg make to be jutt «• good.
The Oenbor KeüerïTop* ere ee near per* feet as skilled workmen oan smoke them.
When you
The French still fight an average of four thousand duels a year.
arc
UKMANCK CIOAS FACTORY . Mom re*1
La Toscana, 10c.
Cl i
Dim pound a day in the amount of bread allowed to a soldier.
»
order your Buger. stlp*l*to rrtage builder that It tslenai# nboy Roller Top, am Imitations
Y SSS'SS
W I* t’ !Mli>
CALVERT’S
never Oe>juvoint'
f*Ult SAl.lr -Onr Simp on Dry Krrme 0 *## r riMhlmt, whh screen, eleretorm, eed e JoSneon dry pm ; else 3 Cornell Maud Prw a# * i m good nrJer and rery IJitle uswA. Apply to Brlclm, Roe* lie. Board of Trade, Jgoà
Good Butler, fgge. Preduoe.
Rend maniple# end quote luwew prices.
The Aikf.nhead Produce Co
88 Front St. E., Toronto.
WE BUY
Carhollo Disinfectant®. loape, Olnt mant. Tooth Powrinre, etc., hare been awarded RK med «li and diploma* for mupe.ior excellence. Th» Ir regular uae prere t infeoti ou* di*m»H*. A«k your d«a rr to obtain ti iupply, I,lata mailed frrs on app’-lontlon.
tfMl
• I
Agents Wanted
upon
"Kind
f
lews :
I» Mil
H ialth drink ; look'. U*tes *aJ prepared like celtee. reliure cure for f'ysiepeia, mi o her ad menu ori»e€ ty te* ao<i coftee dr «king Se04 W vt»-< *•' half poaud package (pre paid», nijd terms,
ttOKCO M F LI. CO , TuRONT*
1>4 W
rill, IF TAKEN at ONCE, buy a Patent Medicin* Business, stock sufficient to make $3,000 worth. No other pill like it
Fort une for energetic Box 17, Truth Office.
lie, we

F. C. CALVERT & CO
BUY ON CREDIT.
friends, we are Knglish clerks,- bull	chinil buy nearly ev-
oTLi"whue day-1	tZÏ
light 1 dated.
New Tires

po t

MANCHESTER
ENGLAND
pr.
DOUBLf TUBE Seal 0.0. D. to a»y addreie WIU wall Mutton if requested.
Wm. B. Northam, Toronto, Ont.
CUTTING SCHOOL-:;" s SZ.
C. & 0. SCHOOL CO., Montreal.
I
•lufue.

, OANA uana Ht
-w. b.g.n pin,in. tall-P-J 'teaW»X"3; at the rear of the Elephant and baa- | wj1jie paper money fluctuates too mut h
tie Theater and during our stay we
•!•] iYI Sümïï
$150 *
I
look#,
Itoaerlee,
Ciuoiflxee. Seep -lers,
Catholic Prayer
lltllj.SlI
I
I
I
"WHEN MOSES WAS PADDLING.
found the people of the tenements ex*
this
FOIt SAI K—v.i Acre* T w.i-thip of Hal (1**1. 1* mih e ea«t of 11*in lltr.n, on lm* of H . O A B Railway ; in fruit district below mountain ; innnedi la anaar^eion ; u y terms.
J A. CUMIAM. (lain iton
FARM
Religious Picture». Statuary, and
CHURCH ORNAMENTS, Educational Wsrks.
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
Egyptian boats more thin 4,500 years old have been exhumed from the banks of the Nile in perfectly g^od condition. They are of cedar, and float an jauntily as if they had been paddled
From
ceedingly sympathetic, pitch we took about five shillings and then moved on down the New Kent 4*oad, where, failing in with a Aimed professional organist, we hud tea j hut yesterday.
After the
on market, man.
MONTREAL,
tv*.
D. J. SADLIER & CO.,
wb'i w.sh to improve ami have up to »l»S» methm
one-
Garment
Gutters^ W BUHT ACO.Joronto.
TORONTO Outtln* School offer* special advantages # t * daMroua of acquiring * thorough known dgo Cutting *u J Killing UeuUnne . • U iriuenie Write for parücul ira
I*. Wilt# 111
Or OUR STUDENTS bate recently taken good situation», and leur positions remain uo Oiled.
Ideal Loathes- Polish
29
sud a haddock together.
roeai we dispisyed our board and start-	. ..
Active Man Wanted
Is the Vest f >r
MENS WOMEN 1 AND CHILDREN'*
6<1 an
er i>eLn nor discomfort.
Corn Extractor extract»* coins.
the best.
'M
113 Yonge 8t. Toronto.
BOOT ?' AND SHOES.

no insl.
potatoes,
If you want to either buy or tell a car load of
The Dawioq Comm ssion Co., limited,
to.
STRATFORD, ONT. We tench real bualn
tatiou or neoeens# are nearly always chosen. Euelneee men appreciate our work. Best Commercial Bebvol lu Canada. Eater new.
or Sold Every
jrTMade In All Cetera.
themselves and gave uh sixpence, cup of tea each, and words of sympathy
Putnam a
It It
In fair competition <mr graduates

*
eeu M me. 2 »¦»
r-^Sfa
%

After five hours of pretty hard and fairly profitable work wo played out-eidv our first public house, and here,
as I believe is the custom, a tankaru |	^ London gentleman, who lh H > years
«ass' f”
Forgetting his role for the moment postal card.
¦TSouthgate replied that he woulc	Rl
hav e a vvhusky and soda» whereupon NU I lvt**®Tr«ig4itg-B enro** full history
si nr ssrrn^sr.% Es&ssSresmss
work ; yore on the kid, you are. '' 11	16*5 Notre n»ni# fit., Montreal
Borne difficulty he was mollified. 1 hen, with varying fortune, we played at different stands down the Old Kent road and at last reached Peckh trn, where, at the appointed spot, we met the others interested in the wager.
After that we set out for hume. Having returned the organ and settled with Ricci, we counted out the day’s takings, and found that, all expenses aid, we had £2 Is 1 3-4d for eight ours* playing.
" What impressed me most was the fact that most of the practical sympathy came from the poorer classes and not from people of our own station.’
• «
to u»
and we
r.epecially th^ee
« li o hif e tu he l'ureH e.»a where, write tu Dr Àruott, Berlin who will cum incoyuo he oau cure you
nid hyL»ii ggfl
Druggist®, ur 381 l^uecu W. Turuntu. uriS29H
« BEAVER BRAND " Mackintosh
never hardens * 1» guaranteed Waterproof. Ask I r It,take no other, «•*-Rubber Uluthiug Co., M ntreul.
Stammerers

W. J. ELLIOTT, Principal.
MARVEL OF GRAPHOLOGY.

FREE iff?
fur eelhug l doa. dainty pe- VI» of Hrliutruee. Iteae and violet par fume. Itrmn 0r tauriual. Sell at 10e. each Ri'ym ui #1 JO and receive ring FftEE by return mall. Libe«al coiamraaioe, If preferred. Unsold geeds reternable.
HONE SIPPLI CO., Dept. 4Z,f Toronto. Ont.
h aw
%

nee a -,.,4 hi wi)k ta# Ü #
i a
__W UaVue ye# lue i6i»>atd. m
¦F UfiMlt/liMy ndilkj. eu
W Hf aefieai hffe | H* ** j	earn*% a end H a year#




fH



Mi
Ltboire r of the
liewdon. and Ht
Cimii
ter
!•*
far/g BTfltdA Co,, fuintt, CmL
L.
HARRIS
LEAD.COPPER. BRASS Wholesale only Long Dutano* Telephone 17**0.
WILLIAM ST., TORONTO.__________
Mille Mille A Males
Rirrintere.etc., removed to Worley Bides.. Itioli-moud Uu W.. Toronto.
ALLAN LINE
rÿ^V/lSE^oîHtR KNOWS
^	THE VALUE OF	--
Philadelphia is now to have a college (A undertakers.
ST. LAWRENCE ROUTE,
MONTREAL TO LIVERPOOL.
ROYAL :.2AIL STEAMERS
SUMMER*sailings.
LAW
I
!

How’s This ?
I
We offer One Hundred Dollars Reward foi any oaee of Catarrh that can not bo cured by
HallF.^CiUN Kt'6'* 00., Prop*., Toledo, 0.
We the undersigned, hate known F, J. Cheney for the la<tl$ years, and believe u-rfecly memorable in all beniaes» transaction! and financially able ro carry out any obllga-
W est & T k va ^V^olewa'e Druggie te. Toledo, O. Waldino. Kinna* 4c Marvin, Wholesale Druggists, Toledo, Ohio.
Hall a Catarrh Cure I* taken internally, ing directly vpen the blood and muc faces of the system. Price 75c. per bottle. Hold by all Druggist# Testimonial* free.
Hall's Family Pills are the host.
Some species of seaweed grow to the length of 500 yards.
AS A PARTURIENT MEDICINE.
..	Cure moored m 24 boor
Rheumatism—
MUMIDfAN—Mey <. June 10. July 16, CALIFORNIA)!-May 13, June 17. July 2E QALUÂ-May 2V. June 24.
COHUDOJIOA—May ;7. July 1.
Cabin P»*i*<b SjO 00 nni uxurerl*.
Ac-jnd Cabin ~f.V. Oti, Itstuifi $4» r,0.
(Iteerege— Liveiyoei. Loaduo, VlmifOW, T.endon4*r?yt ciCjutienilown, |Î3 M
on receipt of |1 UK
D n fl El II P. and Sheet Metal Worke
EiSipÈpil
Blew, eto Retlmetee fufaulted for work #or«nJ*te or tor ,
riÏTM*.SM.“ l°d.f.Vd.‘*W^7..'T»2u
ONE NIQ HTeSftw wSK
him
i;
MONTREAL
The " Balmoral,” Fraa Bus fog"
Agents	«""•Wanted
I
F -r further information apply to
H. BOURLIER, 77 Yenge St., ToronU, or H. & A. ALLAN, Montreal.
act-uh sur*
lorj and h iiM. Exclusive tvrr tory	.
ROWELL t BU H V - Ubiongu and Montreal
LBTTER FILES and TRAMSFE* 0A813.
Fila Complète $1 00 Board and Aroh Mo.
HimpleA, Board and Arch, 25e. Binding Cases. *30./ per dozen complete.
The Ofileo Specialty Mfg. Co , Limite!
122 and 1*4 Bay St.. TORONTO. Factory : Newmarket.
¦a Shannon
IE. BARBER'S ESSAPE
FRUXI !
Katablirhed 1645
L. COFFEE & CO.,
CRAIN AND COMMISSION MERCHANTS,
We give this fine y 2 Pearl Handle 'vNIFE for selling 6 Ladies’Gold Plate Shirt Waist BEAUTY PINS at 10 cents each.
Simply send your address and we will forward wicks post-paid. When sold, send the 60 cents and we will send knife, with all charges paid Address,
Cem Novelty Co.,Toronto, 6nL
A Montreal Citizen Baffles a Dangerous Enemy.
For Over Fifty Veers
MRH. WINSLOWS SOOTHINC1 SYRUP has been used hy mothers for their chil ren teething. It Sf>othee the child, softens the gums, allays all pain, mres wind colie, and l« the best remedy for dlarrhtea Zac » bottle. Sold by all druggists throughout the world. Be •are and ask for " Mrs Winslow'f Soothing Syrup.
The donkey Is the longest lived of domestic animals.
•Illoe Poultry Qrtt is the best digester in the market LAURKNTIAN SAND A GRAVEL Co., Montreal.
Forty thousand men desert from the German army every year.
" Pharaoh 10c.” %%
Rooms 409-12 Board of Trail ; Building,
TORONTO, ONT.
FREE! uu'r.fisÿ? |
Watch, with guard or ^ chatelaine for selling 3 doz. JS.1 of our full sited Lioeu DoyliesatlOc. each; Lady s Sterling Silver Watch for selling 6 dox. Doylies in latest and prettiest deeign. They sell at eight. Write and wo send them postpaid. Sell th*m, return our money and we promptly forward your watch free. Unsold doylies	, - , _
UNEN POYLY CO., Dept., 1 Toronto.
John L. CuFfik
A Nrvere Sufferer From Bladder Disease •*
fried
Thomas Flynn
Could Find No Relief Till Re Dodd * Kidney Pllle-Tbey Cured Him.
i
ROYAL MAIL STEAMSHIPS
Montreal end Quebec to Liverpool. Large and fast Steamers Vancouver, Dominion, Scotsman, Cambroman. Rate* of p«Haage:-FirttCabin.f50upwwrds;
17 tit. Sacrament Ht, Montreal.
— THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
Dominion Line

Montreal, April 24.-There are few people in Montreal who have not known the agony of bladder trouble.
This complaint attacks four out of every five persona, and unless it is checked in time, it leads to more serious,* and dangerous conditions, such as inflammation of the bladder, stricture, etc.
Weak or defective kidneys are the cause of bladder troubles.
The one way to get rid of bladder troubles, to cure them for all time, therefore, is to strengthen and heal
the kidneys.	.
This, like everything else, is easy to
do, if you take the right way, for there Is only one way to do it.
jLTsc Dodd's Kidney Pills.
Dodds Kidney Pills are the only known remedy that can restore the kidneys to complete health.
Thousands have proved this fact by
Second
CANADA PERMANENT
HEALTH RESTORED T°*
UT"
Revalent» Arabica Food.
50 Years’ SsBÿS
NenousSebtlity, Sleopleeaneei, Deepoadency.
DuBarry & Ce.,
Loan and Savings Company.
IKOORFOAAIEB 1855.
EPPS’S
Du Barry's
... aa,eoe,ooo
...	1,150,000
DarO*»IT.H are revived st Intercut, paid or compounded hall yearly
DIUINTI UM iMUfd lo Currency or Sterling with hite'eet eoupoits attached, payable In Canada or Id Kegiend. Executor# and Truet.ee are author leed by luw to Infest in the Debentures of ton
MONK?1At?ASC«D oa Real Estate aeeurlty at surfont rates and on favorable oonditions ae to reManaging Director,
Paid-up Capital
A load of two tons can be readily carried by a full-grown elephant.
• •
Reserve Fund
grateful-comforting.
COCOA
breakfast-supper._
QTAMMERÉRS.
LUBY’S
O fph new life to tke Heir. It uiakus it grow _ and restore# the color.
Sold by all druggists. 50c. a bottle.
itSZ
Thomas phosphatfPowder'
experience^	. .	..
All who have done so, speak Ln the
same terms as Mr. John H. Barber, of thus city, who says: "I suffered for two years with bladder and kidney troubles, and could get nothing to troubles, and could get nothing to
give me relief.
M1 suffered more than I can tell, till
I began using Dodd's Kidney Pills. I used only a few boxes, but they made me a strong and healthy man.
“Dodd's Kidney Pills are worth their
weight in gold."
Dodd’s Kidney Pills are sold by all druggists at fifty cents a box, six boxes $2.50, or sent, on receipt of price, by The Dodds Medicine Co., Limited,
toronto.
PROOF OF ENERGY,
New South Wale* lost $1,000,000 by the drought of 1897-98. Yet the colony thrive*. ,
TO CURB A COLO IN ONE DAY Take Laxative Broiuo t^uiuin* Tub'ete. list* refund the money if U (ails to cure
Muslins have been found to «°ntain j Qerman|a 01! Co., 134 Bay 8t, Toronto, arsenic.	1	—-------------
On Trial
OILS
cynndef
WE SEND THE
AYLMER SPRAY ^ PUMP,
lord
All Drar
85e.
HARTFORD
TIRES
GQSiOr
Dynatno
OR TUB
ANDERSON
FORCE PUMP,
• ; n * 5
L -	- A b
It'lVCni
terme. No eueher, ne
on th
packing. Will last a lifetime.
For Illustrated Catalogues, **
!
II
#
I
' ?

“ J. W. ANDERSON,
Aylmer, OnL
dùiA. c-f if~.\
, DEATHS FROM DRINK.
In a recent lecture delivered at Liverpool, Dr. William Carter pointed out that the deaths directly attributed to
intemperance in 1896 were 91 per 1,000,000 among male and 52 per 1 00,000 among females ; that the rate is constantly increasing and that the deaths are increasing among women far more rapidly and in a far greater ratio than among men.
*

De Laval Cream Separators.
X
Semer
ALPHA—"**» «•
» Maltese
Cron”
eiMDIlN DAIRY SUPPLY CO,
i. '
Of Montreal and Winnipeg
Agents far Canada.
XI

e
J


###PAGE###4###

'mm
\ '
v
mmm
T

I
SHAWVILLE
Meat Market.
itivism, have conned t
t.:l	their pi
to	¦¦I
i r unifoi in qualifient ions i t hrough i he elimii I ion of tl tmilling «I
xist. and
The Gquitvf.
i central hoard ha the res ill
on in, high
*
lu
f the t
Specialties for this Week :
XXI
SHAWV1LLE, MAY 4, 1899.
I if\ their being cage of n school. In testant schools the cl that to get an derate at least a four
;t the Norman fcvlux»1 ¦ nine months’ course however, at tl insisted
CLOTHING
t l'UNte
the ca rule has been aclontei mental \ school cvrtiti months' comst must he taken, tin
f the l*i
A caucus of the Ontario members of the Conservât i vu party watt held in the Tower room of the Parliament Buildings on i hiusxlay last, when the question of
m should be taken with res-
CHOICE FIIFSH AND CURED MEATS OF AIL KINDS NOW IN STOCK.
LACE CURTAINS
pect to the palpable frauds perpetrated by supporters of the Government in the West Huron «and llrock ville b\e elections was thoroughly discussed. That there were extensive frauds in Loth elections there is no doubt, i.ml there is also very little room for doubt that these frauds were perpetrated by an organized gang of Grit heelers, who worked systematically and with great boldness in both ridings.
The fact that one man was committed for trial today by the Police Magistrate at Brock ville is pretty good evidence of the
be taken, and the result of its determination will be that not only the Brock ...	.	.
verv tdZ	will mmiVatholic section of the Council of
Grit newsm-vra ,md Grit politicians in -c* report contains. lhcrc arc m
Brock ville that unless all prosecutions ^ schools of the pi ox iiko .04, • < 1»
were dropped, every Conservative cm	whom 26b,tl6V have French as
ployee of the Government in the riding ^‘«other tongue, and 6.,84 English
will be summarily dismissed.	They are oared for... o,, 84 schoo houses
¦—I	‘	1 o.u:m, ,.t which are wooden, 393 bnck
and 295 stone. In regard to the schools
the leading features of their work are
thus summarized : —
being still open
on in tiiv case of Model Si hool teachers. Am the rule is that all teachers must hold certificates and as the rule is being belter observed a@ time goes on, the effect of these changes will naturally be to the schools generally a better equip-
Another aid t-• tin-
???
Thai,king the publlic for past patronage, 1 respectfully solicit a continuance of the same.
from 25c a, pair to $1.50.
WE HAVE NOW IN STOCK
J. Ch McGUIRE.
AN IMMENSE RANGE 01
STRAW HATS.
gin
ped teaching shift
end has liven the institution of lectures the art given by the inspectors, which
tppdtr to hav< been appi
ciated hy the teachers, and to aroused a better interest in their work among quite a numlier of those who at-
Eeaflf-to-to Clotliiii
Our coarse Straws are finer than ever.
A. L. HANDFORD PHOTOGRAPHER
on
1
FOR MEN, BOYS AND CHILDREN,
from such well known makers as Sanford Mfg. Co. and Johnson & Co.,
* I Two of Canada’s Loading Clolliidrs.
m main eases
have
I
On Monday, May 1st, we received our second lot of Men’s Felt Hats. The great sale of our first consignment encourage us to anticipate like results from this lot.
WILL BE ATTHK
Pontiac House Gallery FIRST FRIDAY
teachers who have shown excellence in their work
Xn improved course <>f Inptvd by the Ro-
O
Latest Styles In Photos
Prices Reasonable.
They are correct in
Remember the Dates.
A.L. HANDFORD
Fit,
We have also placed in stock six dozen black straw
Style
and Finish.
Genuine
Bargains.
Sailor Hats, which we have No better goods in the mar-1 marked at 25 cents and 30
ket and prices are reason-[cents each. Other stores arc
asking 50 cts. for these goods.
THE CHEESE PROSPECT
i rbsmst
year for the choose industry in Canada. Pupils........
Everything pointa to a good demand in	wwber^T.
the English market for well-cured, I Female lay teachers
finely flavored cheese, and with the care At\fa™ftVrJaIary	j
and attention that is likely to be given to Average salary female the manufacture of that article, with the ^er. Rnd ucademltg aul of expert supervision, there appeals |	of Model
no reasonable doubt that these essentials schools
should be lacking, so that all that re-	academies
mains to ensure the complete success of pupils............
the industry is for the farmers who have Grand total of pupils, .in.«hij
chce>e factories in their neighborhood to Ma:e teachers.....
stand by those enterprises, by according Femnle’lay teachers...
1 IS, .‘•ins,. Mule religious teachers
i it au. L i Female ivllgious teachers 2,3i2
Averagc salary mule lay
teachers............
Aversge salary lemale lay teachers.............C
Protest
R. C .... 4274 .. 17ti.6Sl .. 123,5!M
.......«5
m
27.578
80,071
1.085
53
able.
f
4,22
$570
Our Spring stock is or-
dered and will aoon be on hand.
In order to make room for it we are
f8oSh.ff 0Ur "intcr 8nodl chc*v I ins—it don’t cost you anything.
$1S3
#102
See our goods before buy-
Early Closing.
r>3
181
in
4,379
After May 15th our store will he closed at 0 o’clock at <> o’clock, p. m., except Satur-
T TT QTT À ITT I day8- Our customers will V ¦ tie Mtiti W ¦ I please bear this in mind.
OÔ.4.5J
2ti
127
4.4
5 U1
s,s45
7,017
In the Meantime
Try our “ B ” Brand Sy-
rup--a real luxury—at 61 00 per
s
228
3)4
Ktt
them their hearty co-operatiun the results of last year did not perhaps come up to their expectations, is nut a good reason why they should discontinue their patronage and go hack t«» the old butter making system, which according to prevailing conditions, in this county, es pecially, never has nor never can be a profitable engagement. To cope with hist-class butter producing centres of this and other countries in the markets of the
$192 $120
Compared with 1897 these tign_
increases of Oh in Roman Catholic and 14 in Protestant elementary schools, of 6,916 in the total attendance at Roman Catholic schools; of 3,670 in the a verrage attendance at Roman Catholic and 119 at Protestant elementary schools, and 6 in the number of Roman Catholic, and 4 in the number of Protestant model schools. There were decreases of 11 in Roman Catholic and 1 in the number of Protestant academies. There were increases also in the number of lay tench ers, both Protestant and Catholic in 1 lie elementary schools, but a falling of 21 in the number of male lay teachers in Roman Catholic academies and model schools. The efforts of the department to secure better remuneration for the teachers is seen, in the case man Catholic schools, in an increase the average salary of 8M4 to certificated male and 64 to female lay teachers of elementary schools, and of 655 to male teachers in the Protestant schools. In the case of Roman Catholic model schools and academies there is an ineiease of 69 for male and a decrease of $10 for female
of cheese-making, like I “rtifieftted lay teachers, ami an increase I - p| S * a I of £9j dollars for male and SI for certificated female teachers in Protestant institutions of the same grade.
How uphill work it is to raise the lv_, standard of the elementary schools is
or shown ip the reports of the inspectors, i	Opposite Pontiac Home.
any other cause of a business-depressing 111016 is in many districts a dead ness	of	M’VIT	TP . ATTF
nature, demand fur commodities of aH public, feeling towards the demands	of ^HA»	>	1 IjLitj,	kfcUAli.
kinds must shrink, and prices must drop; I education that is most disheartening, but on the other hand when the wheels of Ill° Mrsiniony of the commissioners ,s industry ale humming, whin factories complained of again and again. In some and large labor employing institutions cases the men elected to manage the arc taxed h. their utmost to fill their «hook prefer to lose the sma amount
SMrù S6S±utsaaaa I smaapmni
while it must necessarily have a stimula cancellation <>f the «'idti lupining thv eceu ln operation on Mr. Janie» Hodglns
trm idinary condition, bearing directly g«4 always found in the new and poor1 upon the cheese industry of Canada. Of '"unic.pilit.es. In the counties of Chun-late years it is known that the Australian I *>*>’- \«*h«wnud Richelieu, m one	of
colonies have been .inducing cheese in the richest in Canada, the average	of
!3%oSm!%tn'Vk%tmuLiW §100| nrf t,ie commissioners compel the | «^ette
dim. article. This competition is not furnish the fuel for heating the class likely to be felt this season to any appre rooms m winter In other cases the
evs —™ s?
s&rsasitotres
disastrous in the extreme. Their ex- them Inspectors comp am that parents Cap, Town, April 26. -There is reports for this year it may he safely con do not furnish their children » ith propel | reared uneasiness over the situation in lectured, will he greatly lessened from '^'ks while in many cases apparatus, , the Transvaal. President Kruger's chief the volume of past seasons, and hence even blackboards, are lnefhcient or lack i of ,,,(]¦ Gen. Joubert, is inspecting the the cheese products of this country will ln8- Small, also, as the teachers nvei • frontiers selecting places suitable for en undoubtedly find and increased aale. The age aa tinea are, there is m many places trenchments. Mure rigid inspection of
Siam thing to do will be to adhere to the 11 tendency to lower them, which the ill- the military has been ordered. Kruger, the stock comprises a sice line of
at isf	Fr	fri :SüSI	•“,SD «“•••*
stFBSSiaS B3EEEBES
make them ««>. It has been hard work to berlain’s action it ia believed, will mark secure the advances that have been made j a crieis jn Engliah-Dutch relatione. The in educating, not only the children but British army here ia being steadily aug-The report for 1898 of the Supurinten- the people. How the latter work baa | rented.
dent of Public Instruction indicates that progressed, may he judged, however, progress, somewhat alow, however, ia from the fact in 1867-68 there warn raised
being made in raising the standard of the by the taxpayers fur school services 8291,-	A shipment of 1,500,000 feet of square
primary public schools of the province. 969, while last year there was raised m timber was commenced at Ottawa last I P. T.—The Highest Cash price paid for The Roman Catholic board» of examiners, the same way 81,226,950. The general, week, it is destined for England, and Hides and Pelts, whose work been subjected to much j improvement has, in some respects, * l>een | will be used in ship building.	| Bhawvllle, N:r. 15,1998
$"24
pail
1301
E. HODGINS & SONS
We can recommend
P. S.—Carpets.
how
I
Our Ceylon Tea—makes a delightful beverage.
Get a Package

Pasturage.
world, methods other than those now in vogue must be adopted and while there is no immediate prospect of the change that is necessary to that end, cheese-making should receive primary attention from those engaged in darving. As already stated the results of the past year were not very encouraging, and as a consequence many fanners have doubtless come to the conclusion that there is nothing in the cheese factory for them, and they decide to go out of the business, without perhaps taking the trouble to enquire into the causes which produced the effect that made them dissatisfied. But such l
Of our “Maracaibo” Coflee—Prepaired especially for our trade

PLANING [MATCHING
t DRESSING™6 H ui go.
t
I desire to Inform parties requiring pasturage, that I will be prepared to supply the same at the following rates Year old cattle, 40 cents per mouth.
Aged cattle. 60 cents
Horses, terms made known on application.
HOBÏ. HARRIS,
Lot No. 2V, 2nd Range,
Clarendon
SiLAS YOUNG
Starke’s Corners
9
April ISth.lSW
I
-p.EMOVAL !
/
f the R
f
Having removed my stock
to the premises lately occupied by Mrs. James McCredie, I wish to inform old customers and the public generally that I will be found in the stand with a choice stock of-\
Cars run at Intervals of twenty minutes in the morning and fifteen minutes In the after noon, dally, Sundays included.
ns were known to exist, all
NOW DONE AT
the same, just ns prospects are now in evidence that the industry is bound to prosper this year; and, if the farmers are only shrewd enough to govern themselves by those indications they will he making no mistake
J
Close connections are made with all Canadian Pacific and Gatineau Valley trains at Hull and with Pontiac Pacific at Aylmer.
Baggage promptly handled.
new
SHAWVILLE.
-SEASONABLE FRUIT,
CONFECTIENARY, and
STAPLE GROCERIES
rfc
'iühâ cs
many orl r industries is governed t very great extent by the conditions which go to make business, he it poorer profitable. For instance, if there is a stagnation in trade, lack of employment, $ striction in the circulation of mone)
We wish to inform the public that having just added a first-class Planing Machine to our other plant, we are prepared to do Planing, Matching and Dressing at short notice, and also supply all demands for rough and dressed lumber.
W. R. TAYLOR,
Sec.-Treas
D. WILSON,
The Celebrated . - .
c <
NORTH WEST
»»
0
A Quantity of
Has proven itself to be the Best and most Economical Farmers’ Stove on
the market.
Mill Property For Logs anâ Shingle Wood
r *	J	Still Required.
Sale.
ELLIOTT & BARBER.
Shawville, January 24, 1899
A Word to the Wise Is Sufficient.
BUSINESS
CHANGE.
Therefore wo need not dwell on their many merits. Suffice it to eay that anyone requiring a first-class article should call and see them before purchasing any other kind. It will be to your interest to do so.
Glengyle, April 25, *90
as remarkable as, in others, is the apathetic indifference to its need.—Montreal
Other Styles.
The undersigned desire to inform* the people of Shawville and surrounding country that they have bought out the Tlnsmlthlng Business and Stock of Mr. HARRY PERRY, in Shawville and that they Intend carrying on the Fame in the old stand—opposite the Russell House. By strict attention to business and square dealing they hope to merit a fair share of the public patron-
Kruger is Preparing.
We have several other styles of Stoves on hand, so that we are in a position to satisfy intending purchasers with anything they may require.
EXPECTS WAR WITH BRITAIN IN A SHORT TINE—-BRITISH ARMY BEING AUGMENTED.
H. J. BLACK, AGENT,
\
P. S.—Lowest Prices.
age
Farm and Stock for Sale.
-STOVES-
I offer for sale the North East quarter of Lot No. 7, on the 5th range of Clarendon, containing about 60 acres, Soil, clay and loam, and in excellent condition. There are about 50 acres cleared, lo of which are stumped and in good state of cultivation. The premises are well watered, a creek running through ltr
There are erected on it a frame house and kitchen, veneered, also wood shed, 2 barns and other outbuildings. The property Is beside the Lilly Cheese factory and Joins the Corporation of Shawville.
The following stock are offered for sale : 1 span of horses, 5 years old; 1 foal by ' Rustic Lad;v six head of cattle, also farm implements and machinery. For farther particulars apply to the owner.
STOVE FURNISHINGS,
COOKING UTENSILS, TINWARE, AGATEWARE, &c
N
Quebec Schools
—of all kinds satisfactorily done, at—
[moderate prices.
GEO. f. DUE. ROBT. i. DALE.
E. T. HO DG I NS, Hhawvllle, Que.
r'


	
###PAGE###5###
Hostilities In the Phillipinee have boon suspended pending negotiating for the termination of the war.
For Sale :
°00° OOOOOOOO00000-0OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
It is the Man who likes to bo well Dressed
Seed Wheat,
,,	,	-lin •,	ci ill Senator John Sutherland, of Manitoba
r li st ClitSS \V 111 to oCOtCll whuae seat was recently declared vacant Wheat, teats over 00 pounds p?r bushel, on account of non attendance, died at Price 90 cents.	Kildonan, on Thursday last, aged 73.
€>??????0
wc arc after.—Every style, kind and fashion finds its earliest showing here.
The men to whom we expect to sell
Shorey’s
Ready Tailored Clothing
Are the Men
who have worn made to measure clothes.
Will find we pay particular attention to Fine Tailoring.
Our past achievements have been great.
Being spurred on by success we purpose for Spring of 1899 to lead the van in—
High-Class Tailoring.

Seed Potatoes.
Messrs. ShâUghOWy, B B, Angus
<< FninirA SUntA ”	I and Judge Clarke of the C. P. K , hsve
rempli o ouuu,	bought the Great Northwest Central Kail
Burpee 8 Earliest of All, way which runs from a point near Bran
“	“ Thoroughbred Early," | dan to H«miou.
The law firm <>f Cushman & Mowytr, of Burlington, Vt , wrote to u party in Hull, enquiring about the Lynott family, who it is alleged are heirs to an estate valued 814,000,000. The lawyers above


J
Vi
/

At 7.1 cents |icr bug.




Also, 1 :3-yr. old Colt, get of!
Blakely horse, (ploughed last fall.)
1 ‘2-yr. old Filly.—Have tool mentioned wanting to ecertsin the fact., many hor.e.-want to get rid of .ome I wrole to 6 »ent,,m*n ln BulL The ,,ld
X
Vf
71
\
%
K
V
>
.
,

7t
R
lady is now 73 years of ago. She told a Journal reporter that she may have some claim to the estate. She thinks she can trace a connection.
A strong company composed of resi. dents of Ottawa and having a capitalize tion of 81,000,000 has been formed within the past few weeks for the purpose of developing a big gold property which it • | has acquired in the Michipicoten district. Incorporation has been secured during the past week and the charter of the company has been granted to Messrs. It. W. Edey, M. C. Edey, Jas. Davidson, William MoOilliviray and George H. Rogers, with Perkin & Fraser as solicitors.
GEO. TOWELL,
The most fastidious young mau can always be suited in one of Frame’s Suits.
The distinctive elegance of
our style asserts itself as exceptionally exclusive.
CHAS. FRAME,
FIXE TAILORIXti
Opposite Baufr, - - Shawrille.
<\\
wet
NORTH CLARENDON.


I
I
%
For the
If you travel in this class we should like to see you.
Shorey’s Guarantee Card in the pockets of each garment means :
:
;
Spring Trade

O
Î
SAMPLES OF ALL KINDS OF
SATISFACTION OR YOUR MONEY BACK
THE
and, as we dislike to return money we must give you satisfaction. You cannot get anything more than this.
LATEST
IMPROVED
The Pacific cable scheme has got a black eye from an unexpected quarter..
A return was presented to the Senate last Friday showing that as far back as
Make it a point to leave your order early. 11893 Britain had given a monopoly at A _ j	,	. -	_	.
Hong Kon*»nd Siçnapore to the Eastern ÜS bO Wiier© 1116 LlEiteSt StVleS
Extension Cable Company. The agreement which i» dated 28th October. IM3,	VlOt/ilGS aTG,	TGaQ tilG SiSTi3,-
was a private one made by Lord Itipon on	j	i	7	—	. . .1	O
behalf of Great Britain, and although it	UUT© D01OW. J-lGü it L)0 VOUF
was forwarded to Lord Aberdeen on	^	• -, •
November 10, 1893, nothing has ever	vTUlCllïlSf S u8H*
been heard of it until now.	^
and Carts, I Jacques Boileau and his wife, confined	All IfTimCMSC ASSOrtlTiClit Of
'^““ïo'îhoï.'ïrpïrgfndï™";™ MENS’ SUITS, BOYS’ SUITS, YOUTHS’ SUITS. 3SjV2f P£T pTX"n'Vhà SÎ	CHILDRENS’SUITS,-(threepioces-Brownies)-
n„AA.PA I defend them ha, cautioned them against	Very Neat and New.
BUCCIES sPeak,n«of	Detective Me	v
UOUMI LU I Cask ill is now working on the case at	Pr	I weave O! rvlt *
Maniwaki and it is hoped he will alio	mCLS	S K gni.
throw some light on the previous murders committed in that district. Boileau has hinted that the author of the crime was a women, but refuses to divulge her name. The detective will follow this statement up for what it is worth.
?
now on hand for Inspection.
I 1	ESTABLISHED 1886.
in | j The Shawville
/	SISII and
'	DOOR
0
ALSO A STOCK OF
FACTORY.
Expresses,

ALL KINDS OF—
Waggons,
Interior & Eiterior
FINISH FOR
Houses & Verandahs
and a carload of
CARRIAGES
MANUFACTURED
and
DOORS, SASH, NEWEL POSTS, DRESSED
LUMBER, &r. & ,
Kept in stock and made to order. ,
LUMBER DRESSED AT POPULAR PR ICES

expected daily.
Ths G. P. HOD GINS
DEPARTMENTAL STORE.
-	—Trousers Jackets and Overalls, all Sizes and Prices
A. SMILEY
<^_Shawville.

McCREDIE & HODGIXS.
7
1
Estimates furnished
If the principle of allowing Canadian ! EAHIiY CliOSIlTGK lb compliance \\it!) illO tGI'DlS of
timber to be cut over here and rafted to agreement entered in to with other merchants of Shawville
is w»ngAThe'nCn mult "b"'’cî," T,' st.or.e will be closed every evening except Saturdays, at G
uaiivopposed to Canada's interests to o clock 1 roiii the loth of May to the 1st day of October next, have nickel ore mined here and shipped Our customers are therefore requested to keep this intima-
os nickel matte to >ew Jersey, to be re L •	•	i	1	1
fined and manufactured.—Ottawa Oit- ' LlOll 111 MUnO.	JjL
izen.
Sessional Kotos.
C.I.DonaldsoD,
Last week Hon. Mr. Fielding introduced a bill to amend the Insurance Act.
This bill is a very important one as it affects insurance investments is 4 1-2 p. c., and on this basis is calculated the value of a company's reserve. Owing to the
cheapness of money, insurance companies The vaat figures showing the amount of have found great difficulty in getting in- logs exported from Ontario to Michigan .	I
vestments to pay tins rate. 3 he govern- for thc aix yeara jU8t paat are a atanding aa tho rebuIt of a fal1 from hl8 bicycle
ment proposes to reduce the rate to 3 1-2 disgrace to the Hardy government for hav-p, c., the change to affect new business iog shiiked|theirp!aindutyforalung course a*ter ne*f January and other busmens of years The figures of the log exports after seven years. The bill also makes a teferred to are as follows : change with regard to the powers of in- i#93 vestment of insurance companies. \ ar-ious companies which have obtained legislation on different occasions have different powers of investment. Mr. Fielding proposes to make a standard of invest* ment based on the latest judgment of the House upon the subject. The bill will not take away any powers now enjoyed by any companies, but will increase the powers of some companies.
The bill will be sent to the committee on banking and comme.ce in order that all parties interested may have an opportunity of expressing their views.
The finance minister also introduced a bill respecting the incorporation of benevolent societies. It frequently happens that friendly societies doing business un (1er provincial charters seek to ehlarge their field and secure Dominion charters.
The government proposes to take the j American war in which we defeated charter granted last session to the An-1 Spam, said the official. 44 Hoot, mon,
ye surely didna’ ca' that a war. Great
\ safety. Organizations coming up to this . Britain has a wee skirmish like that going standard will be "given Dominion incor* on every day in some part of the world, poration without special legislation, but and never thinks anything about it.” simply by a procedure similar to that by The official was very much disgusted that which letters patent are obtained. The fhe hard-headed Scot could not see tho bill will be referred to the committee on great war through the American magni-bankiug and commerae.	| tying spectacles, and he didn’t get tho
war tax either.—'Watchman.
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
and
Mr. J. E. Methol, cf Ottawa, is dead
JEWELLER
* i < 1--* » «+

••• AXdlj
i
ee#
ijSTEVENS Rifles
K OF
Miraculous Escape of a Child
WATCHES,
CLOCKS. JEWELLERY. SILVERWARE <tc. Ac.
Arnprior, April 25.—Farmers coming into town yesterday from Fitzroy told of a rather exciting occurrence in the township on Wednesday evening. It appears that Mr. W. J. Neil, who resides near the C. P. R. track about five miles from town had gone to Galetta that . « evening. Shoitlyafterwnrds hislittlethree ' «
Apropos to the toasting of the Amerii	year old child	was missing, it having,	*j
can people about their war, a fairly good	it is supposed,	set out in search of its1	» i
story is told. When the Fra mo-Scottish father. The family became alarmed and [ | From tho concert company, who were in Arnprior a search parties were instituted.	! , #	$6.00 44 Favorite*’
few weeks ago, were giving an entertain- After some time the little one was | Jto our most expensive44 Ideal.” $ ment in a city in New York State tho of- found lying on the railauad track, crush- j ! j	______
ficiale demanded the war tax from the ed into the gravel. Two freight trains!Thc ** IDEAL ” No. 44 Is a fine rifle. $
was told that they had just completed	barely touching. Thu only injuries	>' We guarantee It In every respect, both-
the greatest war of the century. 44 You	sustained were	a broken arm and a few	? i iug cheap	about it but the	price,
don't mean to say that you want to t ix scalp wounds. Dr. Gemmill of Pakenhain " * Made regularly In .22. .25 and .33cal. us for your Civil war,” said the Scotch' attended to the injures.	| $lt,r® rim-Hre, .25-20 HTKVENS, .33*40.
man. 44 No, It is for the great Spanish-	_____ ________ S.38-5» and. 41-10center-lire.
IN SPECIAL SIZES, S12.00.
Send stamp for complete Catalog and
Hand Book.
I
. 181,500,000 feet
301.000.	000 14
270.230.000	44
270.338.000	44
252.344.000	44
230.000.	000 44
1804
1805
are guaranteed to be
RkPAIP.IN
1800
SAFE.SOLID,
ACCURATE,
a Speciality
1807
SHAWVILLE, Q
1898

* #
? <
PATENTS
? 4

[PROMPTLY SECURED!

Write for our interesting books “ Invent; or's Help’’ and “How you arc swindled.’ Send us a rough sketch or mode! of your invention or improvement and we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. We make a specialty of applications rejected in other hands. Highest references furnished.
MARION & MARION
PATENT SOLICITORS & EXPERTS
Civil A Mechanical Engineers, Graduates Of the Polytechnic School of Engineering, Bachelors In Applied Sciences, Laval University. Members Patent Law Association, American Water \\ orln Association, New England Water Works Assoc, q. Sut veyors Association, Assoc. Member Can. Clety of Civil Engineers.
f NEW YORK LIFE B LO C.. MONTREAL CAN.
( ATLANTIC BUILDING., WASHINGTON, D C.
Terrific Cyclone in Montana
ciem Order of Foresters as a standard of
J1,1:.Æ.‘S.VhÏÏ |j. STEVENS im m TOOL GO.,
last night, dealing death in many di »,	^ P. O. Box
directions.	¦
At Kirksville four hundred buildings were overturned, and it is estimated that
fifty were killed.	.	latter invited him into his rig and talked
Many deac. and dying remained in the to him of death and capital punishment, rums of the homes all night. Tiros were	The boy said that Ihgleau gave	him	his
started in many places, and many dead	rj^ a8 g^ileau said he would go	and	nev-
and wounded were burned before they er come back again. Detective McCas-could be rescued. The lighting system ^jjj |iaa g0ne to Quebec to make his re-At the regular meeting of Elmeide	was out, and searching parties were	port to the Attorney General.	Ho	will
Lodge, 150, I. O. G. T., held	on Wed-	greatly handicapped. The night was a	g0 back to Maniwaki soon.
'inn On! A n„:i OR Tbo man I nesday evenin8. April 26th,	1899, the	horrible one. The cries of the wounded
:,r bA*h frHsj % üsrf- ™	s.:; rMt
S' “?5Sr1*stû	s£Sr
“ E	I - — -
^	i^ oertain the man has te the said plebiscite, intended to be gov Detective McCaskill arrived in Ottawa
^ murdered, and tho clothes taken from îe lrne(i-n their legislative action by the last Friday after several days stay at
rF'Fïfts" wh»fbi.w.ÆJ
rock f he #60 in his pocket.	| Resolved, that this Lodge in meeting Gracefield, Maniwaki and Boisfranc was
assembled, deeply regrets the action of covered mostly on horseback, with great Winnipeg. Man., April 27*—Reports I the Government in not introducing a difficulty. The detective called on Boil-from the different parts of the province prohibitory measure into Parliament and eau’s neighbors and secured what he indicate seeding is general. The land in we now call upon Parliament to accept thinks a very strong evidence against the Southern Manitoba is in excellent con- the mandate of the people and pass such prisoners in Hull. Damase Pelletier, a dition. There will be 25 per cent.^more legislation as will fully embody the will of 13 year old bov, says that on the day of land under cultivation this year than the people aa fairly expressed in the pie- the murder, when he was coming out of there was last year.	1 btacite.	the school, he met Boileau driving. The
CHICOPEE FALLS, MASS, T *T*T»T+T+T+T+T
I
Soc

OFFICES

r
Murder in the West.
Prohibitory Law Asked For
A. J. JACKSON.
THE VICTIM A FARM HAND, WHO HAS BEEN MISSING SINCE NOVEMBER.
SHAWVILLE, QUE
Gordon Empey Committed
— — O
Brockville, April 27.—The case of Gordon Empey, who was arrested on Saturday last charged with attempted Ballot-stuffing at the by-election last Thurs tlay, was up ior hearing before the police magistrate today. A charge of forging a ballot was also entered against him today, Two witnesses were sworn, the returning officer and a Conservative scrutineer, and as a result of their evidence, Empey was committed for trial at the assizes. He was allowed to go on furnishing bonds to the amount of $1,-
[ousc & Sign Painter, Gilder, Glazier, Decorator.
o

ALL ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO
ESTIMATE FURNISHED
O
800
FIRST-CLASS WORKMANSHIP AND SAT
CO
Killed By a Piay Ball
ISFACTIOX GUARANTEED
Dorchester, N. B., April 29.—Willie Dobson, aged 12, son of the late Walter Dobson, collector of customs, was instantly killed at school yesterday during intermission. A game of ball was going on, and Dobson was struck on the back of the head by a batted ball and instantly kill-
o
1
ORDERS FROM ALL PARTS OF THE
/
COUNTY PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO
ed
S


###PAGE###6###
t
i'HE EDITOR’S WIFE
________________________ iiiSiBI
pointed to a «nail oil painting him«* i,im good-bye, with grv.u teara in his ant and beautiful
above the mantel.	*yea, at* he said:	in£- . ltiioklxml had not in
than of the pale-faced, delicate July, the anniversary, as ahe supposed, excitement. K^eryml' \u\. nu g
» Love and War***»
livi'h
His LADY SUFFERED TERRIBLY FROM RHEUMATISM.
(US
I

/IX

SI/
1er Jolaal» Htriih le *well «ml Twl»l Out „f All Shei>e UeulU Would Have M#e« a Belief Or. WIIIUbm* rank rill» Be* ilurf Her l« Be»Ilk.
l.’rt.m thv llurrlstou Tribune.
After bmg d nsideration end much hesitancy about having her made publie, Mia. John A. I oplaiuL xxUe of the editor and proprietor of the 11 hi mtuu Tribune, has reaolve* ha world should know how won-
A STORY OF SLAVERY DAYS. By MARY J. HOLMES.
CUA PT K R XXVII .—Continued. "Ah right I" win the pass-word by which they Mitered, and W jl' stM'n stood in the wide hall which through the entire building, and opened in the rear upon a broad piazza.
take him to Mies Maude a
room," the woman said, and Will i *1-
lowed on to an upper chamber, which, he would have known at once belonged) to a young lady.	. . , nw
It was not as elegantly furnished a.
his own sleeping apartment at home, but It bore unmistakable marks ot taste and refinement ; while t he air «’ pure, gentle wounuihood, w 1 p vaded it, brought Hose very vividly be
fore him.
name
uig
ran
derfulty hoi health was restored bi the tuii ly u o of Dr. Williams* Pink Villa loi Pale People. Our representative Interviewed Mr. Copland and tht lullowiug is his statement of the oase;
“Whilst we were/ living In Toronto at No. DU McGill street, my wife took ill m the UUIUIUQ of 1894, and had such
that she would hardly
“Better
mi
e v e n boy | the runaway
Mil SEiHElEl
il &l*' in naiiNiHii J .
sais	3sxAn.t
•Sa-SH E&E SFHH ESS ^
fvderacv l‘ 1 can't help U when I Salisbury had escaped to Tennessee, H . had every nnino upon pap* r. «“
vs&5 srs* % ~.£if sr-s^sa ssss %%% %%Kr 2» ;r?s
i:k WTsvaSir*.» TS	»•.» s.:^r2£ Zr^zMrz
c, mg pains
Une of the beat specialists in called in and he disg-
Il
mountains, -----¦	, , ,	...
Mathei by telling him of his old home year ago, and t
. or on to was nosed the case one of acute Inf la mins-
i h uma i in Hi»
and ho said that the OSS# ona uud it would be a inter If her joint* did not become misshapen. What this eminent physician predicted came true. At the ud of a month my wife was worse than
wiists and kuuokh gi caily was ao
prescript ions
tory
were given was a severe
i'SiSSsI
by the woman w ho had admitted thi i , and who, Will saw, was amulatti.
the war. Their father was Captain De
Î» tofi&r'wS:
E Ev^BEg
fourteen* iTm^helr gardian Maude
‘S»53
k Will was glad to see that h's tinet eomt w;t« inclined to talk on without wait treason."
I,lff for answers, and he kept quiet, . j, not treason,” and the bcrj while Mr. Ilaverill continued	stamped his girlish foot. "It is not
“I d a re say you wonder to find a treason any more than the views hem
e*
of Ml Lincoln was particularly obnov- lust, ami then what have you gain
here, but we had f
did your “Nothing,—nothing but ruin I
For the tears poured over the white face of thi' def n 1er of S»u.b m right-.1
himself, however, he
w<
3
and her twisted tShe
ever,
were
out
disheartened
shape.
that she would weep at the slightest provocation. She was loath to stay in lied, and had to ho assisted to arise and dress, every movement giving her intcii e pain. During ill the en uing winter this state of things continued, she gradually becoming worse iu spite of the strong medicines and the lethal the doctor prescribed tor We tried in vain the massage
the electrical treat-My wife would moan nearly ill night with the pain. She was unable to hold the baby, and even could not bear to have a person poiut a finger at her. 1 feared that the spring would see my wife under the sod, and
be aiire 1 was terribly affected
that of Of her
saw her distinctly as he went up	the	j1( \ j word, together
avenue, and he stopped u moment	to	C harlie and Maude Do	\vtt
look at her. She was very pale, and | ,t0JJe thought so often, much thinner than when be saw her ^ould see her, and resol vingt when the last, but never, even on her bridal uar wns over either t«> write at mice day, had she seemed bo beautiful	to	or gt, ]â the way_ti> the	Mountains o
him as then, when leaning from/	lier	qmnes^oe to find her
window, aud apparently listening for •• |»( or Tom!' she < L	„
something.	!oould only full into so friendly hands.
It was the sound of his footsteps as yu( vverytliing pertaining to loin he earns up the walk which had at- was shrouded in gloom. 1 he last tin y trac ted her attention, and when it h-ard he was in Columbia, while Jim-ceased so suddenly as he stopped under	^till pined in Andersonville, if m
the trees, she felt a momentary pang L|ee(i hv had not died amid its horrors, of fear, for burglars had been very Exchanged prisoners were count»ntly common in the town tbit summer. ; arriving at Annapolis, where both .Mm. Possibly this was one of the robbers, ' simms and Annie were, and every let-ant Hose was thinking of alarming the ter flom , lu. puter was eagerly torn house, when the	figure emerged	from	c,pen |,y |{0r«e in hopes	that	it might
under the shadow of the trees,	and	contain some news ol	her	brotheis
ou uni directly up beneath the window,	there was none, and the mourning
while a voice which made Rose's blood garmrnts which, with her husband's curdle in her veins, culled softly.	return, were exchanged for lighter,
"Hose, darling,	is it youf’	airier ones, seemed only	laid	aside for
I H:i<f the dead	come brick to	lifo?.	^ f^w weeks until word	should ooine
his step in the lower hall/ Rose hid supposed the front door boiled. Site had not heard it open, and now. w hen the steps sounded upon the stairs, he : heart gave one throb of fear, as all ih ' oi l superstitious stories of New Kngland lore rushed to her mind Perhaps on this anniversary of Ins death he had ourne back to see her And perhap
Hose did not finish for the opening of her own door disclosed the wasted figure of a wearing the army blue. hi-< face very pale, but lighted up with perfect joy green as he stretched his arm. toward the shrinking worn in by t h ? window, o.
“Come to me, darling;
ghost.”
Then she went to him, but uttered
Her heart was too full for that, and seemed bursting from h r throat as she laid her head upon the bosom of her husband, and fell his arms around her waist and neck stillness frightened him, it was like her, and lifting her from the floor, he took her in his lap, and said to her:
"Speak to me, Rose, your \o ce once more, was dead, and you've been so sorry
“Yes. killed at Gettysburg," gaspingly at last; and then a of tears and kisses fell upon Will’s face, and Rose's arms about his neck as she tried to tell him how great was her joy back again.
“I have been so lonely,” she said,
Jimmie and
.... and Pd die sooner than betray , but Lf l was a man I’d join Mr.
oners one.
Davis's army sure "
The pale face of the boy was flushed all over, and his dark eyes burned with Southern fire as he trank y avowed his sentiments, and Will Mai ner could not repress a smile at this noble specimen of a Southern rebel.
“1 like you, my boy, for your frankness,” he said, "and when the war is over, 1 slut 1 i have to semi for you to North and be cured of your
wishing she
i ions
her
treatment and ment.
“If he
fteil	'hod.
>"U may
by it. All this time we continued to give her t lie doc to v treatment und nvMticines, until finally my wife stoutly refused to take any more of lhc> drugs. From that out she began to improve, and one evening 1 vas astonished to see her coming ton:	me
when I arrived home from the oi five. “Why,” 1 said, "the docUxr ia doing you good after all.” “Not at all, she said and smiled. Then she priaiuvod a little round wooden box and held it "1 hive a great secret to tell you,” she laughed. "Llnknown to you 1 have been taking Dr. Williams Pink Pills, and this is the seventh box. They are rapidly curing me. Naturally l was overjoy*! and almost wept at the thought of how very near I came to losing tier. k h* continued taking Dr. Williams' 1 Ink Pills, and before she had finished the eleventh box, she was quite well again
hor wrists and knuckles


but h of lu*r brothers were
une or
with the dead whose graves were away beneath a Southern sky.
To be Continued.
far
up.
i
ions to the majority
right to secede, and you
or sine ; or if 1 did, 1 wanted the Soon recovering
KS- tfAVK! “to	yo*
sï-axfF&1
the hills and only get the news once can never subjugate the South. VVe
rsSSSS 151HEEB 5
¦HES'ÏÏEe H
«vol v energy T had should be given to sucb maturity of thought and so rariuc for and helping just such strung determination in une so young wretches as you, and if I've helped one ami f,aLl
helped a thousand. Why, a^t least * No wonder it is hard
A PALACE OF G ASS.
ind
no
back
A Might Thai Will l>i»»/lr Rym at Hie Taris
i:\pusllton.
At the Parts Exposition there is to
palace” in
the sentence,
and to-day are as shapely us ever.
Several of our neighbors in loronto knew how nick she was, and can coi-ro borate every word 1 have na id. Hither myself or my wife are willing
to the truth of these state-
beautiful “luminous
the middle of a gaiden whose velvet-lawns will he shaded by tall for-
ma n
est trees.
The chief facade will have the aspect of n.n immense portico who^e roofs mounted by campaniles and by a wingot Light, will he sustained
we
ml
to swear ment*
su r-
I am no
Mr. Copeland his been laughed a
lungYhe'pniUM^ DrU\VUhams' L'ink Pills, but h • believes that anything so valuable to mankind should get ell the
praise it deserves.	. .
Mrs. Copland was seen at her reaid-
,n< e King street. Harris ton, und
sh- corroborated every word her huo
¦ band has said. She reluctantly Bava
The materials are simply hollow | comu.nt to hive her name publisneo,
backs moulded I,ko bottles. | InU Wd	^uld
,	.	.	, . be mule known. She wn* led to use
held together by invisible threads ol J)r Williams' Pink Pills through »ee-
: led together In this | ing the accounts of cures in the new v
•>
ed statue
by high colonnades. On the right left will be grottoes of shimmering
«
no sound
r.d
spun glass.
The walls and the cupola and even
surmounting the
I’ve helped a thousand. Why, at least ••
a hundred have slept in this,very r°i«n people composed of such element^; —Maude’s room is Union L chip across is a regular afraid of the very de il
Ilvi
so un
1 ro(HU . for, as I told you, she thought, and ho was about to continue to the backbone, and led one ^ho conversation when he was start led the mountain herself. She by a ]t)U(i blast from a horn among the Di Vernon, and is not hills.
When she "They've caught some one weni away she bade me put them in ways do that as a kind of exulta-here as the room least liable to eus- turn,* the boy exclaimed, wringing bis tiicion. To the folks around me I am hands, and evincing as much distress the roughest kind of a Secessionist, as he had heretofore shown bitterness and I suppose nobody can beat me againal the opposing party, swearing about the Yankees, just to jt wa8 a poor refugee from a hoodwink 'em, you know. I suppose neighboring county, whom, in spue of that's wrong; my wife would say so; paui Haverlll'a precautions, they had she was a saint when she was bo re, f0unc in a hollow tiee, and whom they she is an angel now. She died five brought more dead than alive down t«> vears ago,—before the war broke oui ; tbti <jak plantation, amid vociferous
"d	Y-SMK	tt
like the North to take her from me. a tastc of the halter I* Make him an The'y tried it once—when a squad of sample to all other sneaking b>"m”
Tv	Maude “ threatened to P‘‘\vUh his face as white as marble,
blow "heir brains out; and, sir, she and bill lips set firm y together, Paul
would have done it, too, if the scumps HaverUl stood in the midst of tue
hadn’t let Lois alone.”	noisy group which he tried t
¦¦
i'SSSSa ?Iess es
*asiisi
min
the flying figure edifice are to be of moulded glass
Let me hear You thought 1
They al
glass
These bricks are very light and are
I
came
storm
cement
way glass bricks may be used for all | papers purposes of building. Walls and domes
may be built as resistant as those of I	CHINESE WOMEN'S FEET.
tV.s.tr.'Ss: *5	..... 4*—, •»*
glass together and soldering them one ed n9 a fashion, must have attained against the other. The face is colored . respectable age, and whose origin separately and welded to the uncolored ^ ^ ^ ^ (fae migtfl that enshroud the
g Such glass bricks as the inventors of j ancient civilization winch guv. it the palace of light propose to use are birth, writes Dr. Andrew Wilson in ne article of manufacture. For nlllstratsd London News, in an article
were made to | ^ ,.Fa8hion8 in Dreaa and Personal De-
to the deformed
were thrown
to have him
"for everybody ia gone Annie, and poor Tom too, is a prisoner at last, so mother and 1 are all alone,
my
except -
Just then it occurred to her th it husband had no suspicion of the great joy ^ w ^
;:rU£2....... — ; ,
were lying.	. If the ideas of the French glass . _e technically in the Celestial
soft wool socks were all there in plain which ,eta in light while it shulH (>ul What happens here is the Denning u. sight, and Will saw them, too, as his dampness will be useful in working the infant’s toes downward, so that
become flexed on the sole. using The fire-proof qualities of glass would lh(, future Chinese lady to walk on the make it invaluable for use as parti- knuckled joints of the toes. Viewed lions inclosed in plaster.	from the sole, the heel is shaped some-
E ïïîSi»
It’s not to be wondered at that peo- I jng toes and heel.	.
! as
is wonderful, however, is 'hat they higher the social rank in China the should look alike. Yet it is an incon- smaller are the deformed feci, testable fact that nearly all married practice ^us exhibiting grade^o ^^
couples in their old age bear a strong ***“ is produced. The toes, as deresemblance to each other. According ^g^ibed by an expert who has studied to a well-known photographer, who has (his malformation, are really twisted had extensive opportunities of study- round the instep bone of the great ing the expressions of various people tQ0 an(| the body's weight P1^8^1 °.“ at different ages, after 80 years of , on]y adequate support which wedded life 9!) per cent, of married	namely, the heel,
couples begin to bear a marked like-	attitude of the Chinese w,)lnjl”
new to earn other, and in every case in walking is therefore explained oy it is the wife who grows like the bus- t^e difficulty with which she main-band, and not the husband like the tains her equilibrium. The aims wife. All doctors are aware of this thrown forward so as to form par phenomenon, but ndhe have hitherto Uhe fashion that finds	*
succeeded in giving a scientific ex-I to-day in the care with which ® planation of it.	| formed member is veiled from the ordinary eyes.	i

mine
eye followed Hose's.
"Rose, tell me, what is that? What
he asked, and then

do s i i me mf
without a word, Hose led him into the
where in his crib slum-

adjoining room**	.	¦
bered her beautiful boy,—iheir beaut i-ful boy rather. He was hers alone no longer, for thei father was there now, and the happiest moment lie had ever known was that when he knelt by bis baby's card le, and felt how much be had for which to thank his Maker. He could not wait till morning before he h ard the soun 1 of his first-born's voice and he took him at once in his arms, every pulse thrilling with pride and exquh delight, as h«i felt the soft baby hands in his own, and looked into the beautiful dark eyes which met his so wonderingly as baby awoke and gazed up into his face. It was not afraid of him. and Rose- almost danc -d with joy as she saw it smile in its father's face, and then turn slily away.
“It was so terrible till baby came last Christmas," she said, beginning to explain how they believed him dead, and how much she had suffered. “Even baby did not make me as glad as it ought," sh i continued, "for 1 could not forget how h ippy you would have been
home! and find him here, now you've com3. God is very, very good; 1 love him now, Will, better, I hope, thin Ilove you, or baby, or anything. I vv given baby to Him and given my-Sf|f. too but he h id to punish me so
hard before I would do It."
GROW TO LOOK ALIKE
>
aim
the
1
cl

C
co:

wh
to come
THE ONLY WAY.
The Bride—I don't want to have any trouble with you, Bridget—
The Cook—Then, bedad, ma'am, let me hear no complaints I
WHEN HE DOESN'T KNOW IT. When he
ixriutd •jsur.whu-.
talks in his sleep is aboi
get h
X
r
L
i
^ J* -,
j

###PAGE###7###
Angry at Princess Louise
from wash- THE EVOLUTION OF THE FISH HOOK.
FAMOUS LANDMARKS.
eradicates machine greases
iilaced in a specially made flannel	bag,	very remote times; hunger would leach
and kept In a dry place.	. .	them to catch fish as well as to hunt	old	Westminster,
Common	'*	damoena m.mmals, but while Iho evidence of quuinl old-fashioned houses,
^‘iTdin n ?n ïod. »nd briskly	rub	the latter are so abundant in the	their day	contained	more	lewdness and
the ware; wipe dry, and it will appear	„hape „f .tone weapons, I be weapon ;	vise	than	the rest of	England	combln-
etjual to new.	.	«hould he or implements uaedi for catching fish, od, tt‘e	« ‘P'dly demolished to
shelves and wash- Ulscolored lamp	|being made of less durable material make way for the Government offrnsa
stands in common use wtlh oilcloth. It put on	remove the saucepan, have disappeared. The exceptions to The ground in and about the gran,
is inexpensive, comes in bright colors ^ |h„ W!lt„r ls perfectly cold |hi, general H,atemCni are the few uld cathedral is valued at fabulous
S :::::	Z- = —
cheese cloth. Wash « nmill surface, etc.^ t	mop th,t ha8 been dip- o! s.m.lar material
work rapidly, and dry, first with a , in filing hot soda water. Plenty Fish books of mlicious material have
niece of old soft canton flannel; then of soda should be put m the	N not b,en found in Arne,ic:l’ but hooks
rub with another until there is a good allowed to dissolve.	composed of flint or chalcedony and
polish Go over the woodwork ,n <hl"	clean marhlei in this way: bone have been found in Greenland,
way. I h**«e directions aie given	j together equal quantities of com- 'him invention of rude implements to
add sufficient flowers of sulphur moolh paste. ibis is to be spread ingenuity or m, chan,cal skdl
«-I	m pack- eggs.
pulled out by means of the string, would be very simple and from this to the earliest known ai tachaient for
Well Hi,own KmgllmU PleceJ* l>emell*liMl to Wnke liny for Ie r eg re»*.
Il» IIIMory Hoinillilug el an lurtei of lhe Progrès» vf Clvlllsullwu.
Men have doubtless been fishers from
Two art students who once spent several summers in Hose neat h, Scotland, and had been planning to taki friends there next summer, have
he Home
The favorite retreats of Dickens are
The environs of the clusters of
that in
soon to be no more
some
just heard bad news and are hurling anathemas at Princess Louise, Marchioness of Lome.
Hoseneath Ferry has always been a favorite haunt of English artists, and English master introduced the two referred to to its charms. The ferry lies where the tide surges in and out through the Narrows between Clydi Firth and the Jarelocb and is one ol the most picturesque nooks of Scot-Not long ago the Marquis of
IN HOU8ECLBANING TIME
To freshen old furniture, wash in water ; when dry, apply a coat
iim
of oil

Cover pantry
an
Strange to say, even the Eng-
prices
i ih can no longer find room in that vicinity for houses of pleasure. Whitehall, as Buz and Thackeray knew it, will have disappeared within a year. It was heie, almost under the shadow of Westminster, that Cromwell lived before he assumed the protectorate. It here that Milton walked, first in
land
Lome bought Koseneath estate from his father, and the Princess Louise hai devoted a large share of her time and to the place—to the scandal ol
ter
was
the busy days of his active politics, later in blindness and heavy heart. Elisabeth and James I here
Samuel Johnson nestled close to the Cathedral wall Club, and its lineal descendant, the March Club, met here fur their talks and levels. It has heard more laughter and seen more tears, has this same old Whitehall, than any spot in Europe The blood that has been split within its limits would float a man of war; the dice that have been thrown have shifted millions. The last time it came into prominence was through the Whitehall murderer, Jack, V Kipper, it being one of the ironies of fate that a district that sheltered world heroes in its day, should come to be chiefly known for the women done to death within its limits.
energy
the tenantry and the despair of ar
had houses Mure notable still, a resort of
lists
The pride of the neighborhood and the chief beauty of the estate bave always centred in the magnificent timber with which the countryside is
The famous October
From
ter
covered. The famous yew tree avenue, which forms an approach to the house, was the finest thing of its kind in Europe, and each acre of the woodland seemed more beautiful than the others, Marchioness of Lome has changed all Ikat. It happens that the royal lady's latest fad is forestry. She has studied it exhaustively, and Itoeeneath fur Dishes her ample material for experi-She is determined that her
picturesque and but the
en or
gliding
A paint that dries quickly, for floors, i* made by dissolving with heat three always secure
ounces of glue in three quarts of wa- when packed, cover closely ami eep Stir well, remove from the fire in a cool place, but not where tin y u
work with cold tea. If the least bit of	larger end, and if that is plac- Implements of this character ate
limp is necessary to remove finger	down lhe yolk will not break still used by the Eskimos for catching
zzz rtirï BïHtHSjB ES™ B&4
clear water. Soapy water irrctnev-	—	the groove in the bone, and fastened
h.»	CB8A0B ANDCARROm
A writer tells how winter vegetables with small fi>b. into whicii lb" impie-
'«d. «WWW w -h.	-«	.WWW
plions Of I he birds, and would be easily Cut a firm white cabbage into quai-jeffective in the capture of certain
tera, remove the hard core, and boil the kinds of fish
—	r.: ews ...
pinch of soda. Dram oft this water, |m|>| >ments would be evolved better and add enough more which ia boiling suited for the purpose, hut, with the
to cover the cabbage, add one teaspoon- exception of better material being
used in the manufacture, the iisn hooks of (ha civilized nations of to-day are but little in advance of those used by savage races and prehistoric peo-
VVben putting away for winter use
perfectly fresh eggs
the
miking the capture of the fish more certain, that of attaching a sliver of
lei
ment
timber shall be trained according to the strictest rules of science, and tbi fact that she herself poses as artist hasn’t been allowed tu iuteifei: with her zeal for forestry.
A letter which the two art studenti have received from a friend in Rose-neatb is one long lament for the glory that has departed, the gloom be:ng lightened only by amusing pictures of the royal forester
her timber over to the care of hired
professionals. Perish the thought!
The royal intellect brings its powers
to consideration of the subject, and
the royal arms and legs do their share
of work. The Princess dons a golf suit
arms herself with a pruning knife, axe
and saw, and tramps sturdily around
her domain, pruning and hewing in a
fashion to wring tears from the most
¦	stoical dryad. The ltoseneat hian does
bear transfiguring into a new one. Qot in his lelteri mention that any one
Nioe modern trunks are expensive, and accompanies the Princess upon these
as they are naturally subject to a excursions. In the picture lie diaws,
good deal of rough usage, they will she roa ms Ion t hr oug hj h e ^ < ., m .
wear out. This fact is unpleasant, un<: can»t help believing that royal rebut inevitable, unless one always stays tadnerH 0f 8ome HOrl follow their misât hom'*, and that, while one is young tre8j$ and tote ladders. Since the royal and energetic, is a kind of existence lady ig jaden with a pruning knife and without salt or flavor.	axo an(i saw, she ought not to be ex-
But supposing that thi hinges and ,cl6t1 to carry a ladder, too, and yet lock are intact, trunks may tie reno- hQW couid she get along without one I vated and made to look new again. Get presUmably the trees of ltoseneat b soma dark brown sail-cloth, or what ar# not au one-story affairs, and the may almost be called strong Java pjcture 0f a royal Princess shinning canvas, such as hold-alls are made of. Jnerriiy Up a tall silver fir isn't in With a nail-puller, or any other man- harmony even with the most dcrao-ag^able tool, remove any loose or pro- eratic ideas of royal dignity, jecting nails and scraos of metal Then, too, judging from the whole-from the outside of the old trunk, and gale devastation accomplished, the carefully fit a cover of the brown Java princess really must have had help canvass all over it, taking care to pven by saying nothing and sawing allow for the lid moving up and down. WOO(t very diligently, she couldn't have A large needle and strong carpet accomplished all the. results recorded thread will lie required for the seams, jn the woeful letter from Itoseneath and some small black tacks will be The yew tree avenue, which was once needed to fix the new covering ex- a miracle of interlacing boughs and actly in its place round the lock and dim, green shade, has parted with tons along the front edge, and, probably on 0f its timber, and is uncompromising-the lid. A tack hammer will be found iy open to glaring sunlight. The most useful. The exact measurements great double rows of lime trees which of the box must be taken, and one flank the avenue have been made length of canvas will go from the front, over into veritable Noah’s ark trees, where the lock is, right underneath, The gnarled Spanish chestnuts, belov-and be brought up the other side and ed of artists, have been trimmed and over the lid, so that the only sewing tidied until, as the ltoseneat hian puti will be putting in the ends of the box it, they look like agonized 1 itans in and those of the lid. All raw edges Parisian ballet costumes. 1 be masses must be turned over neatly and tacked Qf holly have been wiped out of exist-down, and plenty must be allowed for ence ; and, altogether, the grounds aie turnings, as canvas is rather of a rav- as neat as a Dutch garden, elly nature. When all looks quite One good thing the royal forester neat, take a strip of tan leather: if has accomplished with her science: pinked out at one edge, it will be all In, a bit of woodland called Lady Lar-the smarter. There is some prepared rick's garden stand two of the finest for bookshelves, to be bought by the trees in England. They are giant yard hut it is not very strong, and the silver firs, and were brought over two or three inch wide leather made from the Continent in flower pots ovu for binding dr'ss skirts answers all the years ago and planted by the Marquis purpose. Nail this on all round the of Argyll. To-day, they are over Id lid with short brass-headed nails, so feet high and their trunks measure l that it form a sort of flap over the feet. For several years the sp place where the lid shuts down, and pair, familiarly known as Adam ua will at once have a trim, smart Eve, have seemed to be dying ut trunk in the latest combination Princess Louise, by her care and ill,
has restored them to their old sturdy vigor; and tue Hosencath tenants tor-give her much on that account.
The Marqjiioneee of Lome, architect as Veil as a forester. There': another grievance for the artists. The old Ferry Inn was a gem of an old-fashioned tavern, and artists adored it It still stands, and sports a new sign, painted by the Princess; but the royal lady has designed and built huge additions to the little inn, which quite ruin its picturesque character. In the new part of the inn the Marquis and Marchioness live when they visit Roseneath.
The immense
let to a Manchester carpet manufacturer, who no doubt approves heartily of the patterns into which the woodlands have been done over.
NEW TRUNKS FOR OLD.
There are a great many things by which we are in the habit of saying that a lady may be known—by her boots, her gloves, and, we will add, by her luggage. She likes to have nice neat, good-looking trunks and dress-lx)xes when she visits her friends, and also when she travels and stays at hotels, and would be ashamed to claim the clumsy packages that look like miniature sea-chests or school-lioxes. The modern dress-box is Saratoga of many stories or else a flat topped trunk. These are a good d<*al smarter than the old box, with iron bands and corners and brass nails, but that, if it survives anywhere, is a kind of old trunk that will
ilL

She doesn't tui c
ably injures graining board a short handled mop will do excellent service and save great fatigue. It is also useful *n washing the tops of doors that otherwise cannot be reach"d without a chair or step-ladder.
To wash a pillow or bolster, double
a «heel and sew side and ends toge thon one end a
either a
may
appetite
wooden
ind ad-
er, leaving an opening tittle more than the width of the pil-Open pillow, sew the two to-
a
low
wm wmm
feathers to the tick, coat the inside of butter, one teaspoonful of sugar,
It with thick flour yante, and let dry; half teacupful of cream and more wit or, what U better, rub the eruface of if needed. Mix all well, pul it into a
ISS miss Bings!
iered borax to remove iron rust from	iues of M i cousin native, copper was
white cloth; for mildew, an application pare *>me carrots, and cut them in- used in
trsrL’SL'^ z	Sir
lasily removed by dissolving a little ^ untjj very tender. Drain the wain the boiling water that is pour- ter 0ff (be carrots, then set the saucepan back on the stove, having added one tablespoonful of butter, one-half teaspoonful of sugar, more salt if needed, one-half leaoupful of cream, and pepper to taste, to one pint of carrots. Let it just come to a boil, and serve very hot.
the
sheet
pie
Prehistoric fish hooks of bronze and others made from the tusks of wild boar are found in the Swiss lakes Another form of bronze fish hook
•n
the
"I

the manufacture of various
and fish
DEATH THAT NEED NOT OCCUR
*orux
¦d through them When upholstered
furniture is infested with moths, sprinkle it with powdered borax, dusting it well into the crevices. To clean woodwork add a tableapoonful to a pint of hot water and une a flannel cloth. A nice lather for cleaning light woolens is made by adding about a tablespoonful of the powder to a gallon of wa-
Oue Quarter of All Llfe-Peslroyliig l>l*ea*e It Abtiiluli ly Prcvcamble.
In connection with the Sanitary Institute a popular lecture vvas delivered by Ur. Alexander Hill, master of Downing College and vice chancellor of Cambridge University Lural Death/* says the Loudon limes, lie remarked that it was not the Hanoi railway traveling, nor the few
AGES OF FRENCH BRIDES
Uuua-
un
ter
The Hachette Almanac for the cur-
USES OF COMMON SODA.	rent year g|ves some very interesting
Two tablespoonfuls of washing soda statistics as to the ages of brides in gel8 In a gallon of boiling water make a France. Only 13 out of 100 young mur(iers that occurred, which brought splendid disinfectant to pour	hot	into	women marry between the ages	of	I duwn	^ average Longevity of human
the sink when you have finished	the	fifteen and twenty. From twenty	to	life from ioo years to fifty years. They
daily dinner washing up.	twenty-five years the average is	00	mUtil	8eek for more subtle murderers
As a general rule, use just	a little	out 0f 100. The further from her	lhut Every year VUO,OL>'0 babies
>, -Ma in the water in which you clean twenty-fifth year the maid travels the	in England and Wales. If
glass ao4. paint.	^‘iTup "to Wrty%%	they took l.OWOJ children and
Strong lukewarm eo-ia water makes cbimes ring out for y out u( lw. whaV wati likely u> he the end of them, glassware most brilliant, but it should Maids from thirty to thirty-live	would find that 3U.U0O died a vio-
alterwards be homed in clear cold wa- years old have 12 chances in 100; from	. aocident| about the same
y,- -au, .	Zw «.U.- »
To clean lamp burners take aquart There is only one lucky female in IOO ious disease which they knew no» to et water in which put a piece of soda who marries when between forty- I ^ absolutely p.evonluWe, because due
E É SSsB HE 2
N >m .h* water and wipe dry with an hearts of "belated maids." Even he- Cutely preventable causes such us q( co(oringi [f R wants lining inside.
s/sShiiSf """	t,-' "" • "" ,p,,°e	“dïïû,.d	tïr«s? »”"Æ is
as stnsu ! zsa&warü&rz	£
ilace a little s#la on the spots, over ances in some other way, it strikes said they would neve* su	^ sultation with
•$ar&.rasru-	a
rlth vaseline and suchlike grease,'	AX ALLUREMENT.	should have the same exact au	* I other travelling appendages, and post-
ss- sans,	’ 47u,	¦ i-w- sa tsTissr Z »u ~	r1»" "MT airs
Soda water will clean ceilings dis- come to him.	could boil the milk, and la* "	11
t,rnl can bTolVnne°d “by Soaking It	COAI MINE EMPLOYES.	VÎ/whl'^ked^lm/Vhe only ns-
tor some hours in soda and water.	Al>out 1,500,000 persons are employed tural form of death was ihe g^nt *
A mixture of rain water and soda ;Q the coal mines of the world.	I falling xsleeo when the body was uiea.
i
(
a
you
,4
y
ts an

Rose ne at h Castle is
flat
1
A little feminine ingenuity, and con-
the noted firm of


A HUSBANDS VILLAINOUS SI JO-
GESTION.	«
Here's an awful thing In this paper said Mrs. Heapeck. about burglars ou1 West binding and gagging a wnvnai while her husband stood by withou* offering the slightest assistance, returned Heapeck; but then maybe he thought they wore capable o^Aoing if unaided
1
*
A GREAT TRUTH.
It doesn't require a profound study of politics to learn that it is one thing t.> -I c W'i _ iidW 11ii ~Ti * mother
i hi n j t
v-j It***
###PAGE###8###



For Salo or to Rent.
hail several caused much disit has It suspired f an incendiary
f Almonte hua

BUY
SSSSSI
l the latter | muy Vv had on appttrnUjm to N HM|T| ¦
Mary la ml 1’. O.

Jas.B
atcl Cases
WVIO V vrill arrests of suspectA email boy, •tmfeaeion
that those character, and lev


made.
»
!v il c
Hon-pnll-out
littiiivi
m the suit
QUESTION
U troubling a lot of men
season of the year. If they would call
1 look over our largo stock and get our
trouble in
St
Fitted with
Bows
the
s une in
lookud f'T.

\ : M
t ‘resting
at this
I
»
TH33 BEST IS CHEAPEST.
&
SERVE the public than
" 'Æ'at ».
" --ihT; „r.M
am

they would have no
prices,
iu «electing a Spring Suit-
4 FRIEND of a
i
¦ in ail v lo order, with the people.
>

)
;>-,
?i


Come


made to tit.

U 1 tlmnioHLRT them.	^
principles.
are.wicpllci in Quality and

f "1 T3
A. R. McGUIRE.
THE TAILOR.
llieir Fences am the Best.
g


w
.rchunts soil these goods and am supply you.
write the manufacturers at 1 icton.
the B GREENING WIRE mTcen. Agis., Hamilton and M ontreal.
A,.SO BY CAN.D^BARDWABB JOBBKU8.
GOODWYN,

1 lanlware nu

If they fail, you

The Watchmaker,
AKKPB10R. t>XT.

SOLD
N


Shawvillc Council

FOB.

Independence..

T
of the
remarkably
CHEAP....
sSSSSSc: 111 4MB
I

:i£-;

Ready Tailored
His apparel is
to a

who buys Shprey's
The man
looks and feels independent
he had paid a high price
in inondation if he
K.

C I
Clothing
though
just as stylish
«- Sb0^t ZZZtr^Lis in U-e pocket , each garment makes
as
go to
Ciilltetsoi & Grain
cmm ho is w it h
stock will be fourni large second to none in the county.
for
judgement, liim independent of all risk.
Their an d
million
back.
have his money
must satisfy him, or he can
state a new issue i
ried.

The clothes
each lie charged.—var-
to examine
firms in the
It will pay you
these goods if you require anything in tlio furniture Ctaÿi^J,
.11	j srs*-
“ÏÏMfïJritX.' Vr
-mm
adjourn.—Carried.
obtained from the lolloping
My Tailored («can 1»^ ;
Shorey’s
kSS* -
O. F
CEO. WALSH & SON. QIWOS O MKAU.X HHOS.. BRYSON.
F. A. MALONEY, CHAPEAl.
MILLINERY ! MILLINERY ! MILLINERY !
2, Eva Kuo*; 3, Clifford
0FF1™AT"miD.NG,
llayea, (equal;) -
Knw 4'	T..*.,.
Our genial friend, Mr. Hoffman, of E. Chown & Sons, was visiting here Thursday, and C“ 1 will conclude.
Sans Ceremonie.
as
Il WF.l I.EH\ S.
Next noon TO Don alps j.
- Shawville.
No. 13, Clarendon.
Grade IV.—1, Norval Horner; 2, May Hobin- 3 Mabel Stanley; 4, Laura Ho Having
sSSSIs### iÜEBeï;
"A&	y, sf.Krzri n:'|£
dynamite pit.	^ proving the appearanceo	_
T"”“* **' ‘"i».”»,Ig»;bi.'il—>¦$£w«Ærr
^vs-ass? :sr —uarrjTiîSï* » Farm i°-r Sale; ; -.
K rs^x^srsiyLT^Mÿs&isSfps^ r :
, w. ««- t»h~.«*««&*. •
iSfflSS1',SSfr***“*“ “
Main St., -
be

t*r
returned from Montreal and
1 desire to


TJ T CENTRE
UNDERTAKING


usual this Branch (four
A 3
i

invited,

..î“(jSd”".'Mlu.... *r
goods at unprecedentedly low prices.
Do not forget to call.—No trouble to show goods.
AGNES R. MoFARLANEf
Campbell's Bay.
¦WANTED
BRYSON
M
• *







J. G. Stevens, Teacher.
Young Yorkshire Pigs
for Sale

somewhat imf their residences
That Book Agent.
tSâfiSâ/'-
notice.

s



Province of Quebec. \	I but then adjourned to the
I are being fitted up for the season a work.
'	The repaira that have been under way
at the Calumet slide» have ueen completed.	I


of
%

4 t

Valuable Farm and Village Property for Sale.
_.... ! r«*B.
-%r : ii— -- STE--•	ru
^MeUon'a “ i» Mr. Robert Queale is busy repairing	MoniL Department. nemP1°, I>
et Aylmer. p w reSSEMAN,	j House, and^ Miae Annie Moore went t0 j'o^e I.—1, Msnion Wileonsud Annie pone my departure m the meantime.


“I tell you what you can
do" Bro. Roberta, take an agency for a good book, for there is money in canvas-
aing.”
s
SKAWVILLB academy
Boports for April 1299
Guai>e 11 Academy.
Sheriff's office, Bryson. April 21th
llro. R.
*8
513./
OTTER LAKE
I
I

l

rm
Pontiac Pacific Junction By

O
Official Time Table :
AM.
5.45 Leave
• •
fl 00
«•
6.12
••
6.18
M
.i 26
••
6.37
• «
6.47
mi-
• •
6.56
44
6.58
Wanted.

• I
9 :

during

ê«
8.
U
êS
8 03
««
8.12

8.30
“ I am sorry for speaking as
1 will
K
8.47
M65fc- I
Shawvllle May 1.
\

T







/*
