###PAGE###1###


/
I

{



e
No. 10.
IOiii Year.
SHAWVILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
THURSDAY, AUGUST 2U, 1901.
#1.00 A Yea n
in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
LOCALS THAT PAY
4
For the latest stylo of photos go to I nil
ratent Leather Boots, Tan Boots, Shoes ¦ ¦	¦ ¦ MÊÊÊÊÊI A*d Clippers going at cost at Stewart's
ba^alnf*10 Ut ‘SleW“rt'H' Ij,ok out forl, <>¦ V. Ho,lgln„ w„„,s « few barrel, of argumn.	farmer»» packed salt pork.
Good, Fresh Lime for mile at Robert ,,	.
<pn nnn AAA | Storey*s, Clarendon Front,	Remember we are still taking photos at
" $6,000,000. ,,,, ............ M,h(Kll	Ith'01,1 rtand-	"¦ "*>.*,*.
RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000. | H«fcrett“y ,or HCh0°1 op™i,,K,lU" K	or hhot"
DHESSMAKINO.— Dr^nemaking room» I For Sale Cheap two Second hand Sin. ? over MvUowell & Hodgina* ware-rooms, gle Buggies, Terms tosuit purchasers opposite the Bank. __	I	John Lkmtkk
1Im4 Ofîlneî .. .. t'eplUl eiilw^riliefl (¦•1'lUl )sUd tip ..
OTTAWA, CANADA
........I1.MM0O.
.......i,m,i4o
........1
son
OP CANADA.
Reel
New Fall Goods.
Hoard of Directors :
Charles Maori, Esq., Preiide.U. George Hay, esq., Vice-President.
Ho». Geo. lUvm.N, Jr,
Alb*. Krareii, Rtg ,
CAPITAL
John Matiikh, Rhq.,
Head Office, - Montreal,
GEOnOKBUnV
D. M. FIN NIK
General Manager .. .. Manager
Maria A. Hoimhnh

Bran'he* : IN ONTARIO
Keewatm.
Kempt vi lie,
MatUwa,
Ottawa,
. The cHebnitH Knnza* Cattle Fly Oil for Mitttkh \\ antki». G. KHodgina wntvN HftUyftt h. Hudgins and Son. Only 15 cents 10Ü tubs of good fresh butter for which |n quart, he we will pay the highest prices in cash or trade.
It’s early to talk about Fall and Winter goods, but the mills and wholesale rushing them in, and we just want to say at present that we have already received and opened up several large consignments of the newest goods for the coming season.
SMAWl'ILLE BRANCH,
Alexandria,
Arnprtor,
Avonmorc,
Mracebrldge
Carleton
Lanark, Parry!
Pemfj
Rat Portage, Winchester, «lo Bank 8t. Renfrew do Hldeau St. Toronto,
timlth'h Fall*
bound,
rnke,
Money loaned on approved eeeurlty at reneonnble rate*.
Farmer* note* bought and collected.
FOUND Arid left at this oHloe, a lady's
.blMk cftpe. Owner can have It by paying
Dr. Stackhouse, Surgeon Dentist, wifi | for this advertisement, heat Bryson the fit • v.«<k of each Money transferred to all partsof the world. | month ; CampWll'a Day the second : Fort
Ooulonge the third ; and Shaw villa t) fourtli week.
men are
10
Place,
Hawkesbury, Varikle* k Hill,
IN MANITOBA
Iry C. F. Hodgln* for anything you wur.t. You are sure to get it and at lowest price*.
4
HAVINGS BANK.
Accour.4* opened for amount* of one dollars and upwards aud interest allowed.
Owe* Hour*
Hatchdays .
Dauphin,
Winnipeg
Fruit of all kinds - oranges, peaches Don t deceive yourself. If you are about pears, plums, lemons, bananas, blue her to purchase an enlargement, why not come ries- now in stock at the Palace Grocery, where you can get full Aalue for your I Shaw ville.
money, we guarantee onr work and don't !	,,	a.	....
ask you to take it if found unsatisfactory. Having an office fitted with the latest
II. I Miron.	most approved dental appliance*,
Dr. MacGregor : » mi a position to render Excursion to Manitoba and Return, Sept the most effective service to patients, 'lid and 17th, good for 60 days. Fare, Rooms over Dudd a Drugstore, Arnprior. $28.00. All Information from J*. R. Tierney, A call solicited.
v S. s. ticket agi nt, irnprlor, Ont* ss:, :	------- -----------------
VortAgr Lâ Prairie IN QUEBEC ;
Montreal
Hull
laifhute
Bhawlnlgan Falla.
Agente In Canada, New York ami Chl«’a*o-Bank of Montreal.
Agents In tit. Paul M< trhant* Nnt. Bank. Agiota In Loudon, Eng.—Purr’s Hunk Ltd,
10 A M. To 3 p.M.
M A M. TO 1 P.M.
F. A. PARKER, Manager
>
Do you want something for nothing ?
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
4
Dr. Krskine Church, dentist, of Cm
Yt Clarendon on the 2tst
Bikth
inst., to Mi. ;uid Mm. John Hamilton, |died suddenly on Wednesday last
Wfw a son of the lato Dr. Culler Church,
The village now enjoys a free express I *nd some year* az<> practiced dentistry I Rev. Win. Knox gave u* a call while in delivery, the company having engaged this county, having his office in J$vy- town last week
Wm. Lcgcttto perform the «ervice. noU'„ Hl* romaine were interred in Belle
vue ( emetery, Aylmer road on Friday.
— I will he good enough to throw some light on the matter that will give to it a different and more favorable aspect —Et».
as '
Try our NEW BAKING POWDER
or IV|USTARD.
PERSONAL
a son
A Victim of Novel Reading
Mr
Mrs. George Hynes left last Monday for Eastman'* Springs.
JSs?ï?j:saE'TKri **• AS l*- - *«w.
condition of the weather.	| appears again, thiA time issued from it* Tag''art ’ *	’	‘ commits ! su,c;;le last Friday morning,
s^^iæilissspiSi
Me Ewan jura enpy of the prize IN ot i Six Heap of Cattle Killed.—Several Mr. David Brownlee ami Miss Frances bre.,*d&&t this morning about nine o'clock the Kortn Lanark hair, winch takvs severe thunderstorms occurred on Tliurs-	visited friends at Otter	Lake on	Satur-	the home of Mr. John Kennedy, a
places.this year on .September L4th, L'.it li I duy l ist. One sweeping eastward across	I day and Sunday.	neighbor. Af er breakfast, 8coble went
and *J»th.	! the country from Campbell s Bay over	M	xr	.. .	..	..	to hie own house. Mr. Asa Laicelles, a
A net "oncer Turnur	lms	on hand	for	! 1 SJ‘‘f‘Vn V* ^orth Clarendon lett in its	*	’‘l ,	i	“	*	1 • c' "L ‘ ‘	friend ( f his, who had baaed him a re*
58SK53Z a. S&iï I SSM-STJtiS	Sts &	hf-ff S& "r J? " .-I fi
Starke s Corners. 1 he rev. gentleman, ULIt a*. huddled together near the gate	*	calk'd to him and ocvbis leplied Out he
we understand, intends removing to To* l!1 the pasture when they were struck hy Mr. Frank Rimer, merchant of Winni* would b< d<wn ehurtly. ronto.	I l'^bRnng mid killed. The same storm peg, who has been on a visit to his bro- Mr. Liscelles waited for §ome time be*
....	. %	...	. ... . .. damaged some building* in Colltield neigh-	ther, Walter Rimer, J. P.	Bryson,	waa in	fore Scobie appeared and saluted La
At the residence of the bride s father, borhood, and overturned fences in many	town on Thursday last.	relies with In# hand in a tort of m;l tvy
ïïHà5^1'' I »;ff2Sa53fH
du Fort bridge, now in course of build-	Xf	T> i,	neighbor# and every effort was made to
Aylmer was visited	by s	brief but ter-	mg. The position is one under the	Mvasra. 1. <) Meara, of Bryson, and	C.	mve the unfortunste mane life, by ad*
rific thunderstorm aliout five o’clock on patromge of Mr. Murray, and we think	°f Calumet Island, left on ministering emetics, but to no effect.
Thursday evening, during which the Ma- the federal member has made a very ^on<1uy morning to see the Pan-Ameri- ' Dr. Smith of Hintonhurg and Seager of sonic Hall building was struck and dam- good selection, as the appointee is a mail am at Buffalo.	Oilaws, were summoned, but life was
a«ed to «.me extent The family of Wm. ,,f pretty good juudment coupled with Dr. McNaughton is vimtinir his rela e*'inct b=f'«‘W Bhepperd, tnun-msster, who occup.ed a some practical <,ual,ticatiuns, not ah«jJti„n« in Montreal and vicinity thw week' lpQ? e*am,na,tlon ,° h'. room, a two portion of the buildmg, had a very nar- considered in making appointments Before returning home the Doctor in' hunce b'lU e wlU°“nJFaba!1,Â p0lR0n row escape.	of this nature. We question, how- tends visiting tffe Pan American e.xposi" p.ure =»rbol,c,c,d which had been pur-
From an item received too late for last eve^ lf /”hn « «l'pomtment will go down tion, going by way of the Adiroudackv. „*?,- , m , f ’	1>ol,n* druWst of | old hat#
something to turn up.	°	| We had a call on Saturday from Mr.	lhat ,he h.*d baen reafin< Marie
Andrew Martin, agent for J R Booth ^'T1' \n°ve.8 and had 1c.on?e.t“ ,he coc'
He informed ns that in the recent d, I	, £01 of the Rev. John
Scobie of the Holiness Movement Church and is otherwise largely connected in and around Ottawa.
JOHN SCOBIE OF WBSTI1 HO ENOS HIS LI FF
A splendid premium with
every package-selling like hot cakes.
Buy quick if
you want ’em.
Cents’ Furnishings
A full range of Newest Goods for the very sweilest boys ......
x
J. H. SHAW
P. S. Straw Hat Enamel—all colors. Makes
new.


resort next summer.
Mr. Thus. Graham, son of Mr. Geo Graham, of Bristol, was united in mar riage with Miss Howe, of Ho wick, Que. on Wednesday the 14th ins*., at Howick, Que The happy couple arrived home by P.P.J. Ry. the following evening and were met by a large coterie of friends who deluged them with showers of congratulations. The Advance, from which this item is taken, adds one more, and, of course, Thf. Eqity would like to be in the swim, also, although wo feel that Thomas might have given us a wink about the affair too.
STARKE S CORNER
School Opening j
The farmers in this vicinity are busy harvesting, some have already finished.
Owing to the recent dry weather, the ^ructive fire at the Bay he was unfor-'crops is very light this season compared tunatcly one of those who suffered most with last.	seriously, having lost his house and near-
The C. 0. & B. Factory is still run- ^ Ü* contents, representing a value ning full blast, and turning out first, ^ about $2,<XK). class cheese, under the skill: ul management of our is>pular cheese-maker, Mr.
J. Williams, of Spring Brook.
Reports from No: th Wakefield, Quo , School was re-opened last week with say that the storm which passed over “J1.1’	teacher, Miss Carmichael and Editor Equity.
that section on Thursday afternoon last, Miss Bertha Grant, of Portage du Fort, Kir —Will vuu nleiso inform was the worst in its history. The min ** Tlatont «“dalsrge attendance <»f waders how il cornés that our
covered by insurance.	* xr.iciu e r\> through which it passes is not tit for set- the Oth day of September It shall be homo-
..s iïïsk r:!;7*t' "“g% sw&wrirsss^®*-
folk experienced on learning of the mar- and friends.	I f!e,”on	allow settlers on their Gjvpil at Shaw ville this strd day of,
ss1?tsrwst,*a 1sb^smssi--"ji!fflap ' I
srrrrX-. <£& sstm ................... r.tf£ ¥•' ™ ¦» ff
éîSSëÊSs Lss'3*1=5= gsar's".^-
isiii
:.... “ H“—æ-SSSSSE
man, respectively. Mr. and Mrs. Jew- Miss Sarah bayer, of Aylmer, is visit- J'A ^i mtion.	posited In the office of the undersigned. !
ett on their way to California purpose ing at Mr, B. Smart’s.	* Inomhy, Aug. It), lddl.	All persons whose names appear thereon
visiting Buffalo, New York, Philadelphia, j Miss Hettie Dean, of Shaw ville, spent	— ¦	** liable for the payment or any assess-
stens	%%=% s„„ w I si s=C!» BrlwSaSss !
occupy about two months in making 1 he ill at present with phunsy.	: ing which The Equity has had no notice, without further notice.	I
journey homeward. The Equity joins Mrs. D. Russell, of Bristol, spent last previous information, and we can Given at Shaw ville, this 12th day of the in extending congratulations, and hopes week here the guest of her mother, Mrs. I only say that wo hope the writer has ,},on/h AuKust* on<! thousand nine him-that the young couple will have a pleas "m. Smart.	Fkrol. been wrongly informed as to the ' 1 an ° *" jj MATIIEfiON
ant and safe journey.	'. ' Stark » Corner, Aug. «4, 1001.	j facts of the case. Probably Mr. Gillies	See.-Treasurer
1901
CAUTION.
A Question of Col. Grants
Is calling forth our best efforts to have everything in first class order. The regular Text Books will be fully represented, and we have a complete lino of the minor accessories such as
I hereby forbid nil parties giving any credit in my name as 1 will not become responsible to the payment of debts so contracted.
Bristol, August ‘22, lUOl
JOSEPH CORBETT
ïTp!
Public Notice.
EXERCISE BOOKS, SCRIBBLING BOOKS, RUBBERS,
COMPASSES,
PENS, PENCILS, &c.,
and all at moderate prices.
%
S
Sec.-Trcas

Public Notice.
Province of Quebec, Municipality of Clarendon
gross m
Have you seen our Fountain Pens ?


THE DRUG STORE,
: :. Shawville, Que






X

###PAGE###2###






CORPSE MASTER'S WATS
CEYLON AND INDIA
NATURAL LEAF
wore, however, the only people who could afford to indulge such caprices and occasionally their desires proved too much for their engineers to carry
AT THRESHINGS I BS-3SEEE-B
I
LUDELLA CEYLON TEA
HOW A CORPORAL MANAGED THE MORGUE AT FRONT.
out
Tho Great Roll of Moscow is a good example. This biggest of bells is 19ft. high, 00ft. round the rim, and weighs 198 tons. The foundry
. -	.	. m * .	* „ . ,	.	.	. for Its making was erected on the
Is Free from Any Particle of Coloring Matter ; Is Dainty and Invigor- sito where it was to bo hung, but,
ating ; w the only tea that suits fastidious palates and is wholesome for I in spite of this precaution, the rois-
the most delicate digestions.	ln« of it proved too much for the
skill	seven teei it h
and it lies to-day on the same spot where it has reposed for tho past 248yoars
Ho Had Special Texts for the Married and Unmarried
Men.
If YOU Want ^uTTunHot ^«inr. wrui. •»« nnnimmwii, n
The Dawson Commission Co.
Bonnet Burleigh sends tho following description of u soldier placed
IT IS ALSO A BRITISH PRODUCT
in charge of the dead-house at the front



*e#e#
Î
to the London Dally Tele-
a ¦	a ea a Ceylon Teas are sold In Scaled Lead
# g	gk 111 Packets only. Black, fllxed, Uncolored
ilU I O I lO Ceylon Green. Free samples sent VAhmrn Address “SALADA," Toronto.
graph
My friend the Corpse Master, as 1
REFUSE FORTUNES
venture to call him, is as yet an unknown
Ity. and 1 am striving to enlighten the public respecting his merits. A « naci >us
!
genius. He deserves public-
#
a 1 Man Ignored a Fortune Because of
wife-she'd like to have something I iTAPflT I? fill TO WAWIPPII	A“ Insult'
to remember me by.M	A ilülUuJÙUii lu if AIiIIjU The foibles and follies of mankind
or unconscious humorist,	COFFIN TOO SMALL	___ I aro a never-ending source of wonder-
r*H;rS	% mlsst |s£? ~ srS*
IHülÜEI gSMisilllE:,
sity He has boen almost everything. Vas the '•Corpsc'^M ister •'"that ho 1 Hcro nnd there tho sand storms ! ,°ü?'Ta : . .	.	# Two 7-C0I. quarto Brown Folding Machines, each , .
EESJS§gi?iiSMSi mwS i ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------.....
wounded. Major Philip Hayes. R.A ,	, . hud DCvn A million and a half men due livre 1 Bll<l“ldn 1 know what to do with ¥
W iakT:^%fth%ortLo"%w	InfZzEz i St!not ffSd Soa 'to 'those'1 'of % T thLkS'	was j • Al,o Cutting Machine, Stones. Stands, Body and Display Type. ©
ISSIefI ss ühSSP- :I5rr | sesbhbsssee
heard of the position. His tastes c,at,rf out: Cor|H]!f!	sani ho	More rare still fs the man of whom 9| |	J	I WÊÊ< JÊM I
? H	ftSTWiST %% n ? The Wilson Publishing Co, of Toronto
his work, and did it well, without 1 xV. K' at 10 enso’ \°	otT | fit of his enemies. And so tho big- man he had never seen. He prompt- Q	TORONTO CANADA
making sound or sign. Then he an- }vl\h .l.h? wron* n!an 8 blodyrt - gest piece of engineering the world ly refused the legacy, and bequeath-! • ^	I VUVNI W, VMHIMUM.
proached Major Haves, and said. * If ; , y‘, lC 8affe *v ubMN'c<1’ lllxC;s to , had yet seen was left unfinished and cd it to charities, his plea being that ! # you please, sir, 1 want to speak to tako. homc a corpse as don t belong wasted.	ho had never known the donor ami; =
you upon an important matter. 1 v> 1 u'm* ^luJ w1.1.en >'ou Imd it tsn 11 Cost neither in money nor lives that he could not accept money am an old soldier, and 1 have sev- your,s yml fools hke chucking it out. . Was nny consideration with the which he had had no hand in earn- IjQU/ ARfilJT eral good conduct badges, and I 1 refuses to take any corpses into pharaohs. But cost of all kinds ing. Surely such quixotism, praise-	*
want you to make me a corporal.” nLiy ,lv ul‘housv xv.,t hou.t thc !n0'l_ca must bo narrowly estimated by the ‘ worthy though it may be in tho ab-”What for ?” queried the major. I ,eet-aild . lhcat 10,1 ,card9, 1 )* modern engineer. The dead city that «tract, can find but little justilica-”Because, sir, if L ain't a corporal, IT? V° lnlstukes- \ Tu	liea ^king into ruin on the Allan- lion.
I have no proper authority over the ! Aw 1 1 h!8 muae ,oll,ul t!’'! **lght l’lg,	tic const two miles north of the One of	the	most	extraordinary
corpsesT The major was nonplussed *°° tt,ld v.ouad J**1	; rivor San Juan do1 Nort0 19 a dis‘
i	.“.sarsi/...
r isri sr:	.....
won all along the line, took the l"1]0' and lV9 bt‘ttcr balf is as fu	ter-Occanic Canal Company, with a
rank, and the 4d. a day extra. And fait l. as linvs4v f‘ .1	)' ' W. g	capital of twelve millions. One liun- to his nephew a	somewhat unju
cheap at the money, the doctor's by- - ?noa,bs.aic sent 10 b^.a f,ed‘.	tired and two thousand one hundred buke !
«W-byethoughthlm.	'
jor 11 ayes ;uid i emai ked . Sn, lm pebruary 1st work began on going away You ve boon very kind. grcat panama Canal, and for five
I should like to have the honor of VPArs 5^000 men and every resource shaking hands with you ; I ve just washed mine, and ain’t touched a
to-day. Thank you, sir
and Corporal
@®@@X
OIOTOTOIOTOT
»
i Printing Material for Sale
e
!
• #
#
Î
;
e
Cial expression,

e
•	One Four Roller Campbell Press, front delivery, bed 43x56, $1200 •
#	One Four Roller Campbell Press, bed 37x52, .... $1100 *
t
his
!
O

. $400 #
et
*


;
9 Umltsë
#e#
$••••
530,000 persons pay taxes in Berlin. Of these only 12 have incomes of over $250,000.
THIS SEASON'S Oil
MM's Liniment Cures Diphtheria
For MOWERS, REAPERS, THRESHING MACHINES,
«to.,
a
S” PEERLESS
cases extant of a man who refused a fortune is that of a Frenchman, who on being left n very considerable fortune by an uncle, indignantly repudiated the legacy, becaus uncle had years before administered
In trial by jury in Germany, a vote of eight to four is necessary for the conviction of tho prisoner, six to six vote moans acquittal
of
It Favorite with Ontario Farmers over to Years before the Publie get It. Hardware. Drug and General Stores sell It. Holds 17 Gold Modale.
See that yew
A
the
.a»,..#***..	...,.».
SSSKSSnSw.
When yea write te an advertiser tell him that you eaw hie advertisement In this paper. It le te veur Interest te do ee, ae Our Folks are treated SenseUy and served with the beet
If ever there was a case of a man On cutting off his nose to spite his face, the this surely is ono.
USE MICA AXLE GREASE.
THE COUPOBAL’S METHODS
Bengal has 49,601 widows who are under ten years of age.
WPC 1090
Shortly after Corporal the major to come and look how well he had arranged the dead-house, and that
asked
FRAGRANT
of
Minard's liniment Cures Colds, ele
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
OINTMENT.
For all skin alimente.
he had there two handsome boys, one a Church of England, and the other a R. C "No,” said Major Hayes, “although 1 um a medical man 1 have no curiosity nor tastes in that direction. All I hope is you
funerals in a becoming *Oh, sir . "I always sits on the
MODERN ENGINEERING TOILED
corpse
good-bye to you ----- bowed himself out and grimly
9 9
against fever, flood, and quicksands. More and more money was raised, till thirty-three millions had been poured away in the work, and another twenty millions wasted in Europe on officialism, concessions, and bribery. Ten years later the smash came, and such widespread ruin as the world has seldom seen. And now the Nicaragua Canal scheme has entirely ousted the Panama, and the ruined city, the empty ditches, and rusting machinery, already hidden by quick-growing, tropical creepers,
London's 22 cemeteries have aggregate area of 2,210 acres.
an
saluted
o
imam’s iiniini cures Goroci m cons
CO¥. ^
manner poral -
front of the waggon we have for a j hearse to take them to the cemetery. ! 1 could cry to think we ain’t got ; horses to draw them, but only oxen, and sometimes mules. But I does
Tooth Powder
IN NEWFOUNDLAND.
#" Wvwt A Ce» Manche*ter, Ingland
said Cor-
Fngland has 11,304 cemeteries, being one to every 2,700 inhabitants.
Brass Band
NEWS OF THE GOOD WORK IN THE OLD GULF OF ST. LAWRENCE COLONY.
In a handy Patent Box (new)
S0Z0D0NT LIQUID •
Urge LIQUID and POWDER, 75c
At all Stores, or by Mall for the price.
25
$100 Reward, $103.
The readere of this paper will be pleased to learn that there t- at least one dreaded disease that evleooe has been able to cure In all Its itaaen and that le Catarrh. Hall's Catarrh lure 1* tho only positive cura now known to the medical maternity. Catarrh being a cons Ututlonal disease, r.quires a constitutional treatment. Hall's Catarrh Cure Is lakrn inter nally, acting directly upon the h ood and inucou# surfaces of the system, thereby des the foundation of tho disease, and
• 25c
Inetnementn, Drums, Unlfbrme. Eto.
my best, and feels sad. And 1 covers their poor remains with the Union Jack. When we are full the Union Jack is not big enough ; and, if you please, sir, I wants two more Union Jacks—it isn't decent.” And he got them. On another occasion. Corpse Master Corporal
plained of the most irregular way the Tommies sometimes carried the bodies into tho cemetery, taking them in head instead of feet first.
“I've spoke to the clergymen about it, and they have told me to correct it, and have I your authority, major please ?" "Yes, certainly,” said Major Hayes, and that subject was adjusted. Then Corporal “Yes, sir ; one of the clergymen is very good to me. He knows I've a nasty job to do at times, and he very often gives me a drop of something when I feels faint. I am not feeling very well just now, sir.”
And Major Hayes took the hint, for ful those were the days good liquor was Mr. Thomas Harter of Cape La scarce at Estcourt and Colenso,’ and Ilune had trouble with his heart for was wondrously appreciated by those with a taste for the article his sip, Corporal
funerals most decorously. The par- Barter
that is burying him does his with palpitation of the heart and part, and I have a book of nil the had to give up work. I could not religions, and whichsomedever he be do anything at all until I saw in I does mine, for 1 acts as mourner Dodd’s Almanac that Dodd’s Kidney nnd clerk, and says the responses Pills would cure me. I then sent and all the ‘Aniens !’ in a loud voice, for six boxes. 1 used five of them And towards night, if the parson and am completely cured. 1 can do
on quick enough. I gen- my work again now as well as ever
the 1 could. I am not much of a writer by re- but if you think this letter would
other person by being
EVERY TOWN CAN HAVE A BAND
Almanac the Means of
Thomas Barter arc nil that remains of this record
Dodd’s Helping Mr
Down There—Read that Dodd’s failure.
Kidney Pills Would Cure Heart There are calculated to be 4,000 Trouble—Tried them and Prov- million cubic feet of masonry in the ed it True.	Great Wall of China, which has a
-	, „	.....	.	total length of over 2,000 miles. At
Cape La Hun1. Mid., Aug. L present several European companies The most popular remedy down here aro cndoavorlng to obtain from the
K&f&f f1 vH 3 srs.sssr,
one of the host advertised which urn- ^cation for use building ma-versally shows that it may be relied lcl,j,xI
*¦
the fertile land it
Lowest prices ever quoted SOOillaitreti-mR, milled free.
Fine catalogue Write us for any
thing In Unite er Matte»! Inurnment*.
CORONETS TO MEASURE
WHILE! ROYCE & CO., Limited,
Headgear for British Coronation Specially Prepared.
Toronto, Ont, and Winnipeg, Man
lug il « patient W1 rength by building up the 0 ustitution and alibiing nature In doing Its work. The proprieto r have so much faith In lie curative power*, that they offer cue Hundred Dollars for any ca*e that It falls to cure. Bend for list of to* U montai*.
tro
vexed ly com-
glv
I
SUPPLIE».
”Wc have had one or two orders for coronets for the coronation, but ns yet tho coming event is casting little shadow before in the shape of business. It's a long way olT yet.”
So said Mr. Simmons, the Court costumer of the Haymarket, to a London Express representative. He added that the bulk of the fortunate poo; le having coronets would probably put oil ordering them till the last moment, and then expect them to be
made while they waited, so to speak.	p0r Over Fifty Year»
Coronets require delicate workman- Mm. Wimlows Soothing flraur h*e h*ee used bj ship and cannot be “knocked olT.” pillions of mothers for their children while teething.
Nor cm they be kept in stock, like ÏÏ»Jïï iZti K hats. A coronet has to be made to br«t remedy for DUrrhma. Tweuty flie wot* a botU* ,
EfiEHf EF3
=###
and their stumps still showed tho sct thc tissue papcr on fire fhe dr.
marks of foi gotten axes.	clet was of silver, heavily gilded,
These men had stumbled upon the and thcy were uphol8tcrod lnb r|eh
remains of a vast but still unfinish- crimson velvet, with a band of mined piece of engineering which, though iver. A baronet’s coronet, next dis-half a century ago the talk of the played, was much the same as the Springhill N S
EHilH'S SSSiSriS
world his project for a cable across thc Atlantic, America began to fret at her isolation from tho other na-tlons.	was
She was a pretty and winsome lit- fifteen days old before it readied
New York. She made up her mind to end this state of things, and consulted England and Russia, with a view to running a telegraph line from the States right through British territory, Alaska, across Behring Straits, and thence via Siberia to Europe.
The Western Telegraph Company took the contract, and for two years gangs of navvies and dozens of engineers were
MSB
î
A
Pips Covsrln
oV
JTt)
lubricating

F. J. CHUNKY*00., TOLEDO Bold by druggie's, 75c.
11 nil's Family Pills or# the best
WM. SUTTON COMPOUND 60.,
Limited,
TORONTO.

Ninety-three per cent of the heat of all the coal dug in all the world is wasted; but only 50 per cent of the
heat of oil.
added
Dominion Line Steamships
Cl
o
Lar^o sad Fait BUamihipa Junior aocommodslloe
r »i eu—** oieitieiieehas bwa civm"£o °üm
sad Third-Cls* sccoromoJsUoa. Fen
for
Co^eSS
f pesos##
i *>'1-1*03
D. Tor
SO*

GUARDED SO BADLY
and could find nothing to But his own words will
years
After help him
became con- better tell the story.
For over six years.” writes Mr.
I had suffered intensely
FRENCH CLEANING.
1 for made ep Goods. Sails laClo h. Velvet, BUS or FttK ud all valoabU house Hanging mothlm# S# o««al it If dooe by the
Norway has n greater excess of women than any other European country. It amounts to 73.000 at
present.
Sir, I always arrange the
which He unwrapped
1SIT1SM AMMAN DYIINQ 60 , Montrai,
son
and Sheet Metal Works
ROOFING ROOFING SLATE. In Black
ggHfÿli
mcAjâ, etc. RiUmatee furnished for «ork complete or for
I was cured of acute Bronchitis by MINAUD'S LINIMENT.
J. M CAMPBELL
Bay of Islands.
I was cured of Facial Neuralgia by MINAUD'S LINIMENT.
don t get
erally gives him a hand with service, for I knows it all,	BUB
pouting when he forgets. Now there help any was an officer with the burial party printed in any of your publications to-day, and as it was hot he tells the you arc at liberty to print it, for I
but I am thoroughly grateful for Dodd ¦ Kidney Pills.”
10
WM. DANIELS
WJ»oi)sPnorb LnùuvinïV'
i ri JONis tsc. (° if
<£« HI 4011 Aim.VW VORONÎfV
moil to keep their helmets on took mine off, for as I said to him. I’d rather have sunstroke and take my helmet oil than not pay my respects to the corpse.”
APPROPRIATE TEXTS.
ness.
If it is 80 in the shade on Coronation day it will be better for some reasons to be a baron than an earl.
Albert Co., N. B
¦SSIjSSi
PIANIST AND CHILD
0,000 men and 41,000 women work at British lacemaking. They produce G million pounds’ wdfrth a year.
A DEPOSITORY FOR SAVINGS
In the regular army of the United States 1 in every 4 is foreign born. In thc navy the proportion rises to 1 in 2 among petty officers, and 2 in 5 among the men.
The Emperor William is the greatest landowner in Germany, having 83 separate estates, with acreage of 124,800 comes second.
I'nor Corporal ------- was found tie child of five or six summers, and
fault with by the chaplains for writ- was returning from the States with ing texts and placing them on the her parents on a great Atlantic lin-coffins, so he was had up before er. Paderewski happened to be Major Hayes. His explanation was, travelling on the same boat. As is I .	I takes them texts out his wont when travelling by sea. he
of the Bible. I has one lot for the
married men and another for the
single. For the single men I says.
'Not dead, but gone to his Father’
In heaven, and for the married ones
myself—'Not dead, only ears
tilv making his way to the saloon.
he there found the little child endeavoring to finger out one of her places. Shyness overtook her when she found that a big man was watching her, and her tiny fingers wandered over the wrong notes. "May I help you ?” said Paderewski. "Perhaps I could give you a little assistance. ”Oh. no, thank you !” replied the little one. ”1 am sure you couldn't play my pieces
Minard’s Liniment Cures Distemper
-----o--------
rose early one morning to take his walk on deck before partaking of breakfast. As the great pianist paced the deck the faint sound of a child playing the piano reached his He stopped and listened, lias-
rrln„* ;r jÆJÏÆ.. Th'/ÆT
1 --ss. Ut in these islands is estimated at seven millions.
I where the most cautious may leave their money with implicit confidence that it Is not subject to risk of any kind Is provided by the Savings da parlaient of
—I’m one
lent to thc Lord ’ If he has got children 1 writes a verse. ‘From his sorrowing and loving widows and children.’ You see, I searches them
first, m|B I H ZB III BH BBH
kets in their pockets 1 knows the widows would like to have, I write and sends them home to the missis mother. I asks them to pay my postage expense, and I ain’t a rich roan, and, bless you, sir. I knows them; they generally sends me back more than the article cost to send it
S3, L	IS m • S020DONT lor th. TEETH 25c

THE CANADA PERMANENT AND WESTERN CANADA MORTGAGE CORPORATION
Toronto Street, Toronto.
Liberal rates of Interest p»ld or imded hulf-reerly. It Is rscog
EMPLOYED IN CLEARING

cf&ë&?L/%
what was then known as the Telegraph Trail. A wide road, nearly twelve hundred miles long, was cut due north, and there Is very little doubt but that the work would have been brought to a successful conclusion had not the completion of the first Atlantic cable put a sudden stop to one of the biggest and boldest engineering enterpri
t
The rnge for big things possessed the world as strongly In past times as to-day. Kings and emperors
li O'

set
if I finds any little trin-
«ôTnno nixed i
or
CANADA’S
PREMIER
COMPANY
ver a t-
->HS


*
###PAGE###3###



I
r
F#



NOTES AND COMMENTS,
Mnrl</W looked at lilrn and recog-
TIiIh warn Fred Em-
gesture of disappointment the photograph of a child belonged to Kmberiun luht thing likely.
It. «M
That It I nized hi# man seemed the berson, tho thief; this was the
MONGOOSE AND Sty AK E.
IERSONA1 POINTERS.
he had come to eutch-thls was The Intfrf>tln* ^^es About Some | Fight to a Finish Between Animal
He called up the landlady and held I man whose capture meant £500!	reat People	.
It out to her Who shook her head And between them Mood a child Whrn l ady Curzon dies she will Among the destructive animals of over it. She had never seen it be- whose mother was very illf	have borne four names, though mar- Southern Asia none are mors feared
fore, but it must have belonged to She turned delightedly.	ried but once. She started life us by men than the huge cobras, i>r poi-
Mr. Em her son, she said, for lier own “Why, there's father," she tried. Miee Mary Loiter, became Mrs. sonous serpents, since their bite is daughter hud occupied the room bo- Detective Marlow took a step for- (icorg° N- Curzon by her marriage, sure to prove fatal unless immediate fore he had had it, and the photo-1 ward and Emberton, suddenly mak- then Lady Curzon of Kedlesion, and steps are taken to nullify the effects “It’s not only the money	he has I Krtl,(|i WAM 0f no child they knew.	ing up his mind, came down the lit-	whcn her father-in-law	dies will	be	of the venom, and not even then %
Most of these ex-	taken," Mr. Ritchie was saying, "but Marlow looked at it again and	tic flagged path.	Lady Ncnrsdaic.	safety assured. Moreover, us these
périment# have been carried on In it’s the thought that 1 trusted him | madc a hl)to ot tho photographer’s I "I know who you arc," he said While Queen Wilhelmina has been cobras frequently enter houses and England and France, where the ro- jlnd Ciat he has cheated me. 1 liked i IIftine, which was printed on the buck, hoarsely, "and I know why you've staying at Schwerin she has taken K	in search of rats, mice*
suits obtained have been for the , m< 1 l‘kotl bim from th<j f‘r8t timc It bore tho address of a small town, come. I suppose it’s all up; but I several motor trips with her brother- chickens and pigeons, it is necessary,
u»*?	% sût: asra sr « sr ~
has been found that in regions where week ho came-and that is over a | thiçf to do with a little child?	her!"	admirable skater, a fine horsewoman, Fortunately a little animal wards
the highways arc good the bicycle VVil 1	Row, it maddens me the jj0 ghut up his pocket-book with a He jerked his bond backwards. and can drive a coach and four, is ol* much <>l this danger. 'I his anN
promises to be extremely useful for .m,\1 ,lllat h? x,V!lH a ,	,,ei	I und gave a final look around. "Have you guessed who she is?"	to	bo enchanted with the new UiwJ IH thc mongoose, a pretty, alert
•......—¦ »...... «wS rtarsi “ Ls	s^'u'ss.t.'ss sr art. xtss. rsis. -	i sssrru»
strongly recommended for patrolling Fut him in tho dock. I don t care w|th tho information that Embeison when I’m shut un But 1 never The Shah is absolutely ruler with- ttnd ,loes not hesitate to attack them
England are looking forward with	0UU!	Fusion and pay excess fare, and be	gave me—and I couldn't help it. It's	large private fortunes	That of	the	y p ftce< . together in a large box,
much interest to	e scriee of experl-	„Tho detcetivo', thin face	flushed, lost at once in the London crowd.	saved her, perhaps I got down last	present occupant of the throne	is	“n Anglo-Indian official who
rr;r°	ai=,-rVjsr*?Lx-“srels;,-=a“t.ïaœr—T.............................................................
=pgr Jeep^eiijei mwm mm::;
1,000 men. Ily this means the War seemed an almost hopeless task. Fred Ho started immediately, sending but it was the thought of her dying	countries refus* t,	his h° d . 1 inally they tank on tii#
i3B™ - - EB~™i E—--=
1 p< la nig in laige bodies, and also bank to pay money in	and to cash	ping. He got out at a little, quiet	"Let me	wish her good-bye," he majesty	none	thc	lcssl	UÊÊM
to find a way to overcome some of a cheque as usual ready for paymg	country station. The town lay be-	said huskily.	"You’d better	come ghown himself n wise	,'ood Tnd"«hli
the minor difficulties which have be- lbc men’8 wnKes on thc	morrow, and	hind it—a sleepy market town full of	in."	rujcr
set similar undertakings in the oast hc had ncvcr returned.	The cheque	sheep and cattle and farmers' gigs,	He pushed	open thc cottage	door
y had been cashed, thc money never and bright with the spring sunshine. | with a weary air paid in, and Fred Emberson had He found the photographer easily vanished.	enough and there a copy of the berson went on
Mr. Ritchie was a hard and bitter photograph he had brought from trusted me for a year—I served hi»n that the number of bicyclists enroll- mun. lie had been soured five years Em berson’s rooms. The photogra- faithfully, and perhaps hc will
eel in infantry battalions in England before by the disappearance of his pbcr remembered it distinctly, be-j member that, for her sake. went
was between 3,000 and 4,000, and only daughter. She had met at the cause thc woman who brought the to him on purpose-my wife arrang-	^	. ,	„ .
Mncc thou the cyc„t uulitla „»«	- 'f f	^
been constantly increasing. At about fallen in love He had been tnellgi- mnkc out.	only way. and it might have been all was 1erc~t0,d V,e chupel Cached teeth half a gramme or more The
4hat time Sir Frederick Maurice, in ble in every way—a poor man with “j suppose you know nothing of right if I had not been mad at the to, 1,10 r allows house. I he sculptor mongoose, however, knows this wei),'
,	-««- .oc—. -	“AK.7Z ss a	raruris raw&T	su*su rs. its. r=
no difference to her.	head.	I-I-did not stop to think!"	«arJfnK,ZCd by Church, and Lord ably directed
Mr. Ritchie had stormed and raged, "No, but she came from a place "I went to him a year ago for the ^	^y ^r ,thc Whc“. lt . lca^s 'f.10 ,the air un<f
been carried on in Sussex constitute had refused emphatically even to see not far from here," he said, "at any child’s sake. My name isn’t Ember- a(-ant- gap, and is thciefore un- gups the cobra by the jaw the ven-
b B- ~ ¦=rs ibf-p. ara ^
,nd soldiers, but those tests were duce the two mcn t0 meet, she had Detective Marlow started a little give,.ess first, ft hasn’t answered. ?on; ^,hc Hncnry lrving ®.f J,apan ""met.mes ‘stops, and, running a not so far-reaching and consequently persisted in sticking to the man she Staybridge! He was on thc road at But he'll take care of her—and the I 9 ,fnct hl,s influen<f up.on l.hc drama ?ho'"t distance, eat» some grass or
rr	hhh
Importance Is that of securing the ncvcr would. „c returned all her I ingman had got out I Detective Mar- He faced round eagerly to the de-I cllpU’,uttKtlst “tta=hcd \° dapan" T ant.dotc against poison. Clow concentrated movement and united letters unopened. He washed his low's pulse quickened, and ten min- active, and Marlow, suddenly, cur-I / if 9^ r*1 1 aI,s; h° wafl Liscin- obsei vers, however, maintain that Ur
—	- *•—= -• -	-fer?,-F>r E -v- v=* F‘:V‘-rE“
“K't? £S VS^SS. *. ‘Z.TLX ÎS JSS	“ 1“ — -£s00" j •"(	™	-
found that small battalions of wheel- ccived again to make him more bit- when he reached it at last.	*	#	*	# icvoluUonized the Japanese stage, by its dangeious adversary.
men arc able to guide their machines ter than ever. At first he could not He made his way slowly through He has since said that he is not of I ni°,v^vMVhfl	.huh if n °thf
believe that his trusted clerk had the straggling houses and quiet shops the stuff of which a detective should * y	! 1 “ u trl . ? n E .
really done anything wrong-he towards an inn. He would have to be made, for he did not arrest his	S
would turn up and explain, he | stop, of course; perhaps for some thief after all. Instead, he waited 1 j/ ,	inn«P nf p .nLnn „|L A. .
end of their journey, but military ex- thought, and he waited until the	days, certainly for one night. till thc morning, and they dressed |	cn\‘l .uf	! or imropean	Plays Odd Things Which	are Sometimes
ports doubt if this can be done by morning before he sent for adetec-	He went in and had some tea, and the child in her Sunday best and he	#h #	c9.	pr^ace, a • t	°fh^	Them.
live. Now, the last doubt seemed i then set out to look around. He caught the first train buck and took;.. , . , *	, t ,
-	-w» -	» — — ztl fËuSss il si	... M -.•»• ««p*- -
fareN It seems probable that the morning before, and from his desk at	Ho was remembering with a beat- know. How he went to work I can-	u ,,	01	vcmce’
task of maintaining a large number his office had gone every paper ex-	ing heart the girl he meant to mar- j not tell, but when ho went back to	1)r- Temple,	the Archbishop of Can-
cept those bearing directly on the ry—thinking that it would not be : Staybridge the old man went with I terbury, is a noble personage about business of the firm.	j long now—when a bend in the road | him. And when Fred met them at j many t?°°d stories are related.
Mr. Ritchie looked up at the detec- brought him suddenly upon a small • the cottage door Ritchie had the S°mc years ago a young curate, seek-
child in his arms.	1licensed, was bidden by Dr
It lay close to thc road, a low wall 1 He looked into Fred’s face and then j ^e ^orTcr “that' h'sTtnc'sT for "As a rule, this reci,« is an heir-
». | - b»ito"».“:•«£.isri’ï ks-ïs.rî.ï,,	^
SSEFEE	IEEE!
ZTZtLE: “ •té Sasfsar —issr arsa; ù !	¦•-‘E £ Et£EB5E£E
ee~~he
ly comprehensive to render them both | that the world would be a dangerous frock and thc braid on the child in ! A REMAltKADLE INVALID. wlth a dwp chuckle "after you are ference and even if they do find
mm^sm
BPH	I I Pi	The amount of food-stuff» of dif- number of minutes which had el*1^
just couldn’t fink who it was. But	DOLLS IN JAVAN.	feront kinds produced in the civilized od since t ie f?gnimn ^ ^
jrsurtr =%=-% ssrjrsursjt^s^	srar.*
couldn’t Dud u ,l«gl. duc-not . >».«*-!>•'	. the priuclpnl l.mlUc. k.ep II,™. toy. which im.dUO.OVO ton. .r,	— h„g „
thread to start a search, not a tiling	Where is your	fathei ? asked Mui	nnd pilS8 them down to their des-	and potatoes.	Anno Domini clock will tick the six-
to go upon, and he made a close	low   s i-aa1	cendants. The brocaded silks for thc	„	_	tv thousand millionth time at twen-
search too, for the thought of the	The child a eyes dilated a little.	doll robt.s arc specially woven in	°	tv to eleven on the morning of April
JL500 reward made him strain every	"He mustn’t	be sturbed, sne	miniaturo patterns on small looms.	OH, THAT’S DIFFERENT. o0th 19U2
nerve.	^id •‘He’s wif mother and moth- ^ woodc„ dolls arc 0fU-n beauti-	iUln’
He was almost giving it up at last cr 8 dreflul ill. That s why lie cairn fulJ carved and enamelled, when suddenly a tiny scrap of card- back all in sush a hurry, board fallen between the mantel- She stopped, looking up at the depiece and the wall caught his eye. lie tective with eyes that almost took his penknife and began forcing nerved him. Perhaps something in it up. It * might be nothing, of his face began at last to impress it-coursc, but he had turned over every self upon her baby mind, for a sud-scrap of paper and every book in the den droop came to her lip. room, and hc would miss no chance. 1 'epects father’s very bovered,'
The cardboard came up slowly. It she said, slowly, was wedged in firmly between the At that instant the cottage door mantelpiece and the wall,- but he was flung open and a man looked loosened it at last and held it up to out. When he saw Marlow he made tfce light.	a half movement backwards and then
When he saw it he g*ve s little altered iis mind and steed st4iis
taught His Thiel
The value of the bicycle in military of orations ham long been recognized, and from time to tlmo experiments have been conducted in order to do
and Serpent
termine In what capacity and to what extent the wheel is likely to be of the greatest practical service as an engine
it
and for relay and orderly service, and as an assistant in cavalry duty
V
The mon-
gnm
The second round then began, and very brief it was, for again the mongoose, leaping into the air, caught the Gobi i by the Upper iuw, and It is not generally known that a] then, as a terrier shakes a rat. it statue of Lord Salisbury as a Chris- ; shook thc serpent until there was iit-tian warrior appears in one of the j craliy no life left in it. niches of the interesting and beauti- Five times out of six, it is said, the ful reredos in the chapel of All Souls' • mongoose is the victor In such com-College, Oxford. About forty years bats. It is no more proof against ago the i’remier was elected a Fel- the cobra’s poison than man is; the
He has
It’s the end of everything." Em-
"Mr. Ritchie
0 0
Last tte| tomber it was reported
re-
ir-ln-Chlcf of the British Army, stated that the experiments which had
course, accurate marksmanship is also extremely desirable. It has been
WEDDING CAKES
even along rough and hilly roads and arrive almost simultaneously at the
"In many cases a prospective bride
sections of cyclist infantry as large
ver-
"The Ms not satisfied with ordering a wedding cake in tho orthodox manner, says a leading manufacturer of much articles, 'J)ut after she has stated her errand, she presents a slip of paper, on which arc printed or written thc directions for making her
9 9
of wheelmen in military formation will be found far from easy, inasmuch as a mishap to one or two rid- J tive
cottage
He's arranged it all, of course,"
ers is liable to cause general confusion and disorder
• 9
land is concerned, her experiments
me
that, some time ago, Gen. Maurice
interesting and instructive to military men all over the world.
o-
SAFETY OF CONVEYANCE.
Railways, automobiles, and bicycles are safer conveyances than vehicles drawn by horses, according to statistics just issued by the French month 067 which horses were responsible, and in these 82 persons were killed and 885 injured. There were 145 railway accidents, causing 8 deaths and injuries to 137 persons. Thirty eight automobiles came to grief, and 2 deaths and 36 injured resulted. Bicyclists had 119 bad accidents, 6 died and 113 were wounded.
Government. In a single accidents occurred for
OF THE CHRISTIAN ERA.
MINUTES
o
A TEST FOR DEAFNESS.
A novel and curious test for deafness or approaching deafness has just been described by a Paris specialist. If thc handle of a vibrating tuning-fork be applied to the knee or other bony portion of the human frame the sound cannot be he aid by the person who possesses an Unimpaired car, but if the ear be attacked by disease, then thc note can be heard distinctly.
tho
we
it
in
not
¦¦ ¦
gle scrafr of paper, not a letter or an I siq noo> ‘snopsuooun R* 'pifip envelope or a bill. Emerson hod ar- father another step nearer prison ranged everything. There was noth- "Only the day before this day,” ing to betray him—not even an ink- | she said, "and I was s'prised. I mark on the blotting paper
o
VALUE OF READING ALOUD.
People with chest complaints arc recommended by medical men to read aloud, as this strengthens throat, lungs and chest, muscles alike The reading should be deliberate, without being allowed to drag, and the enunciation clear, the body being held in an easy, unstrained, Upright position, so that the chest will have free play. The breathing should be natural and as deep as possible without undue effort.
of April, 1902
the
Caller—Tho > minister's son is following in the footsteps of that spendthrift, young Jinks.
Mies Prim—isn't that scandalous? What was that? asked the old gen- I Caller—Hardly as bad as that.
suddenly appearing in tho ; You sec he’s a tailor and is just trying to collect his bill.
o
A COINCIDENCE IN NAMES.
A station-master in the service of thc Great Eastern Railway says that he once saw a train leave a station with a man named Goose for
named Gander while the driver
As Hf one
THE KISSING BUG
un-
t lemon, doorway
I—I guess it was a kissing bug, she answered, hesitatingly, while the
tried his best to look at
first guard ; a man
In surgical instruments the world for second guard ;___________________
was rich. Those found at Pompeii I of the engine was one Brake, deprive modern science of the credit I this was not enough to make of more than one invention. Needles | marvel, a boy from the office travel-probe* and forceps resemble closely | |Cd in thc cab whose name wae those in use at the 9HHI
THE ELEPHANTS SLEEP.
The distinction among animals of requiring least sleep belongs to*the vtophnnt. In spite of its capacity for hard work, the elephant seldom, if ever, sleeps more than four hour*, if occasionally five hours.
young man
Tho old man looked at them both
sharply.
Does the kissing bug make people
Duck

X


	
###PAGE###4###




THE EQUITY.
Shawville Academy
MASSEY-HARRIS
To Carpenters
and Builders.
SMART & SMITH
m
WILL KK OVKN OV
Monday, Sept. 2nd.
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE
SHAWVILLE, AUGUST 29, 1901
O
•* Ætr*
Full Staff of Trained Teacher» from the ........	. , Normal School and McGill University,
The expenditure which will ho incurred Montreal.
in toto by the Depirtment of Public Pupils from outside will bo admitted on Works in connection with Hit Royal same terms as scholars residing In this Highness' visit throughout the Dominion municipality.	i
will amount, it is stated, aggregate $200, Monthly fees, payable in advance from mTTTO	__ . __
000. The Militia Department will spend & cents to 85 cents per month, according : 1 tilb IS THE PLACE
about the same amount, and the outlay ^ age and grade.
hy various other departments will make	Equipment in class rooms complete.
the total in the neighborhood of half a	Library In each room for benefit of pu
million	•	pH»»
Further information will be given on
application to	II. LANG,
See. Treasurer
ShawvlUe, Aug. 19,1901
lO
(
<e/t\c>
Threshing Mill Men :
TO BUT
Nails of every description,
Glass, % usual stock sizes, Paints, Putty, Paint Oil,
Dry and Tarred Felt, &c.
We are now prepared to supply you with
Sending the contingent to south Africa cost the country $2,000,000. Vp to date Great Britan has bought $4,000,000 worth of supplies iu Canada. Considering that the most of the two millions spent on the contingents went into the pockets of our
people either on>ontracts or as pay to the I Public Notice is hereby given that the troops and that the troops brought back Board of School Commissioners of the quite a stack of good British sovereigns, Municipality of Clarendon will receive
ha.wry	5HSÆ
tawa lit nen.	of Wednesday the 4th day of August. 1001.
By order, H. MATHSBBfflS
Sec.-Treas.
Public Notice.
Mill Teeth, (aU %„&,) Belting1,
Cylinder and Machine Oils.
WE ALSO KEEP MINERS’ SUPPLIES
Including Drill Steel, Striking Hammers, Sledges,
Dynamite, Detonators and Fuse.
Shovels, Crowbars, Etc.
Cheap for Cash. Square Dealing.
V
Aug. 20, mi
With all the grievances, real and im aginary, under which Ireland Buffers, she has one advantage over the other sections of the United Kingdom. Notwithstanding
!'on"uJimd,1 wUht'p"puiahoS.=71 tu!, 11» hereby given that the Had-
that of Scotland, has thirty more repre- foiu> Rifle association has leased a por-sentatives in the House of Commons. 11ion of the property designated as : England with a population of 30,812,858, has 400 representatives ; Wales, with 1,710,317 people, has 30 members; Scot-. ,	.	,
land has 74 Commoner, for 4,471,967 of a for (lu> PurP°se of usln« llle san"1 » population, and Ireland’* 4,456,646 soul* Ritic RallS° : '™d the public are notilied are guarded in parliament by 101 mem- to t«ke cognizance thereof and be govern-bers.	I ed acconiingly.
^gÊEÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÈ The
The Statistical Department his prepared | reeled to paragraph 401, R. & O. 88 of the the criminal statistics for the year ending | Militia Act, which reads as follows : September 30, 1901. The report treats of indictable offences and summary convictions. the former including all cases tried by police or other magistrates with the corsent of the accused. Under 41 Speedy Trials,
Public Notice
Picks,
Best materisils and correct prices.
Lot N. W. Half of S. E. Half of No 13 on the 7th Range of Clarendon,
MACFARLANE BROS.
SMART & SMITH.
1901
1901
OR
If any person wilfully does any dam age to any butt or target belonging to or lawfully used by any Militia corps or battalion ; or without leave of the offl commanding such corps or battalion, or the officer in charge of the range upon which such butt or target may be placed, searches for bullets In. or otherwise disturbs the soil forming such butt or target, or iu the immediate vicinity thereof shall
OREMOST
URNITURE.

44 Summary Trials by Consent ” and 44 Juvenile Offenders acte."
Indictable offences—The charges during 1900 in Canada were 249 more than in
We are meeting your demand for cheap, me-
SeSÜ
The acquittals were 2,576. There were 8 ment for a term not exceeding six detentions for lunacy, and 67 cases which months.
for different reasons, such as nolle prosequi	member by reason of his being such
were without sentence. In the previous	*1.&ivv iu]T	^i,,V£rc8t in t,lc
year the acquitaals were 2,355, detentions tion other than the right to use the As for lunacy 11, and other cases of no sotiation property at the rifle range in sentence 91.	accordance with the resolutions or de-
cisions of the committee.”—Par. Iff, It.
&0.,p.5,'_

and Elm nothing can touch us. Just test us and you’ll prove it.
We have also a flrst-claso assortment of
Associa

TKBM9 REASONABLE
CI1A ROES MODERATE. SATISFACTION (.1 AHANTKKD
PERSONAL A
Some Press Opinions of the
Census.
Ni
BY ORDER OF COMMITTEE. Radford, August 13,1901.
J. GRAHAM

SHAWVILLE.

Toronto Sun :—Two years ago this | The Murdered Pound Keeper month Sir Richard Cirtwriglxt spoke at
Toronto, and sought to ju.tify our higher I we tllke the fo|, wing from ,ile Ameri
exptm.-Vve on the ground that while Can, a journal vubli.hed in Iron C.ty, it was increasing rapidly, the population Michigan of the country uudar iLe oreeeut govern ment was increasing at the rate of 150,
000 a yeir. This would raika the total in
«**
WHY BUY a low grade Flour simply because it’s 25 to 50 cents a barrel cheap- ! FARMERS, Before you commence your Fall plowing come and take a look over our stock of Plows. Sulkey Plows guaranteed to be the best on the market. We also handle Tinkler’s Patent Plow.
Crystal Falls was deeply moved last
Saturday and again on Monday by the
.	.	, c	,	, reports of the shotting and death of
crease, during the next hve years alone, Pound-keeper Finlay
not lew than three-quarters of a million. Robert Finlay was born in Eirdley. due-
RicW'"«t•£»»wTbeyôndThèmirk," SîSjriîUmJ.ÎÜIwW°h we guarantee will produce 36 to 37 8-lb. Si,	hZ"',	1	Of beautiful flaky, white bread? If you are
tasTbt .«"..“."'US/.h” ™T'	.S'fc„" ÎI “Shig a poor flour compare results and you will
S",Z	Ipay the difference in price every time.
Used by local and city Bakers
er than our
“Gold Medal"' Brand,
McRAE & McGUIRE
»
H* ml ton Spectator The census figures will retire several Grit claims from active service. These, fur instance:
The growing time.
The suppression of the exodus.
The wonderful progress of the country.
That the increase in population justifies the enormous increase in the Government's expenditure.
That the growth of the country warrants the enlargiuent of th Dominion Cabinet.
That the country is more prosperous under Grit rule.
That the present G >vernment is doing wonders to increase immigration.
And,
That big trade figures are a sure indi ca<nn of great prrsperûy.
back and forth between Canada and this city, until, 5 years ago, he settled here with his family.
Early this spring, a pound was set up and Mr. Finlay wta put in charge of it with orders to attend strict’y to ordinances touching the running at large of cattle during the horns from 8 p. m. to 5
li,1"'!. s*c"Llina,“7up,ZiZ«rfF | The Municipality of Clarendon in Account with
’£ï*.uîI the Merchants Bank of Canada, ShawviUe.
the	get-
ting the cow ou', Mose went and told ,
his master who went with Mose to the M	,, ,	. n ,.L ,	........
pound and proceeded t. break the lock or	11 ^ B-tlwr.ee to Credit of Council this day
chain of the pound door. Finlay had ^uuu 2f c«h deposited m Bank
thrown himself on a lounqe in his h " ,n'	1
to rest a few minuses, and when he was
mi r,,.. , a a J at a ir- a	ad?iacd of	the proceedings	at the pound
The V\hig has stated that Kingston was	he walked	over, a	distance	about 200 ft.
given a bad dea’m the recent census and After a few words, Bennett struck him
had evidence to sustain the complaint. In j with his hand and Finlay struck back .
one family of three houses iq this city and, after some more rounds, knocked Jan
nine persons were not enumerated, and Bennett down. The servant, Mose, then |
they were not recorded elsewhere. The went to the help of hie master, ird pull-
whole country has bad a had deal. The | ed Finlay	away.	As soon	as Bennett
enumerators were bound down by instruc-	found hie	hands	free he	shot Finlay
lions so that they passed over names | through the left lung. Findlay fell and
which every argument of common sense | his clothes commenced to bum. His little | Feb
would dictate the recording of. They lon tried to - extinguish thsH^H Wf
cted like machines, not like men with cecded as far as putting out the fire which
intellects or regard for national interest, was burning the shirt. Mrs. Finlay hur-
Some of those omitted were life long re- tied to the rescue and extinguished the
aidenta of the city and had real estate firo which was consuming his pantaloons,
property here, Lut were boarding at the «to. He told hie wife to get him to bed
time of the census. Because they were a* quickly as possible. Chailee Hilde-
boarders enumerators refused to record brand and George Shoeber carried him
them. If one family can show such lapses mto the house and put him on the bed,
what must the aggregate be?-Kingeton , aDd called Dr. Daniels, of the hospital,
,,!S-	I and he attended promptly, but could not i june 29	“
save him. He was shot Saturday, Aug. ^ovc j u 3rd, and he died the following Monday, j)ec‘ 4 u and was buried Wednesday morning Aug.
7th, from the Methodist Church. His widow and three childiea ate left w.th-out the means of support,	I Jan. 28	44
Bennett was arrested usd allowed to go | May 31 Bridgetown, N. J., Aug. 19.— Isaiah I at large under $10,000 bonds ; but when Wenzell, of this pi tee, was taken ill a his victim was reported dead, he was few days ago, and when the family physi- ! again arrested and his bonds were placed ci&n was called in he found that his pati- j at $20,000. It is commonly believed that ent was suffering from appendicite, and ! bis wealth and the influence of the aocie-euggested that the only remedy for the ties of which he is a member may rave him disease was to submit to an operat ion. from the punishment which ought to be After much persuasion he consented, ! inflicted on a murderer; but neither and Dm. M. K. Eliner, Henry Elmer! friends nor money can save him from and Joseph Tom limon were to have per- public disgrace ; nor pa1 liste the crime of formed the operation. The three physi- arming himself with a revolver and going, cians prepared the pat:ent for the ordeal, j deliberately, to the man's premises to and after divesting themselves of their quarrel wit him and to shoot him without coats and rolling up their sleeves they j any semblance of an excuse were about to make an incision when
they suddenly discovered that the I The mayor and council of Aylmer, it is patient on the table was dead. It is said said, intend to take action regarding that Wentzell dreaded the operation, and Sunday games. The residents have been it is thought that fright hastened his1 objecting to recent disecrations of the death.	I Lord’s day in this manner,	I
Special Prices in 5-barrel lots.
Sault Bte. Marie, Ont., Aug 24.—The Bruce Mines Mining cm.piny has shut down its mine at that p ace and about 150	rL VV
workmen are thrown out cf employment. .
Vhe cause of the shut down is not known j	^
Le"	GOODS
THE SHAWVILLE MILLING 00.
THE MARKETS.
NEW
GOODS
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat, (standard) 00to 00e S	I Oats per bushel, 32 to 34c.s
Pease per bushel, 60 to 02n.
—0 —
1900
50 00
!6e^p|¦¦¦¦¦¦¦
300 00 I Buckwheat, 40c. per bush 3%
800 00
m 00
NOW OPENING OUT • *.	* --AT—
ouse
20 4
4<
Dec
4	44
44
Kip, per dozen, 10c.
Butter, per pound, 14 to lGc
Wool, per pound, 14 to 15c.
51 00 I Pelts, each, 00 to 75o.
300 00 Hides, $4.00 to $5.50.
IOO 00 100 00 455 00 100 00
500 00 I Butter, print, 22c. per lb.
;>00 00	“ pails. 16 to 10b. per lb
24	4
% Up-to-Date Store
STARKE’S
CORNERS.
44
28 44
1901
44
2 44
8 4
44
4*
11
Calfskins, 35 to 40 cent* each
12 4
4t
26
4 <
OTTAWA
28 44
20 44
.1
Come and have a look at our several lines of Spring Goods now open for inspection.
fire and sue- Mar. 2
Kggs, fresh, 15c. per oox. New Potatoes, $1.00 per bug Lamb, 6 to 10c. per lb. Mutton, 7 to 8c. per lb.
Beef, 4 to 6c. per lb.
Pork, $8.00 to $8.50 per 100. Chickens. 40 to 00c. a pair. Oats, 40 to 45c. per bushel. Hay, $5.50 to $7.00 per ton. Wool, 10 to 15c. per lb.
$3919 33
1900.
May 31 By Note...................................................
June 30	44 Cheque to the Bank of Ottawa, Interest and Sinking
Fund
44 Cheque to Hugh Matheson.........................
44	.41 Bank of Ottawa, interest and Sinking Fund
44 Discount of Note $2600..........................
2400...........................
950 00
1287 10 319 GO
1287 11 43 90 40 90
30
Silas Young.
Due. 28	44
44
Dies From Fear
1800
«4
6 00
2100
28 64
44
8 65
SURGEONS ABOUT TO MAKS INCISION FIND SUFFERER DEAD ON THE TABLE.
1901
PATENTS
$1000..
44 Balance in favor of Council
44
4 85
FRESH and CURED
1 82
$3919 33
MEATS
PROMPTLY SECURED
Examined and found correct
ESSsSSLlÉ j THE SHAWVILLE
##5q iV|eat Market
J. G. McGUIRE, •'
Ralph W. Hodoinb, F. W. II. Akmhtrono
J Auditors
Shaw ville, August 2nd, 1901
of all kinds at
There is jubilation in the Government press over the showing made in the province's finances during the fiscal year.	. W	H H
There is nothing said about the big slice	f,' ^u6,1	deePatch from
of public lands that was disposed of to Basse Ferro, Island Guadaloupe, says bring the state of affairs about. It is ! *bat the town of (trand Bourg, Island of better to have an even balance than a Mari# Galante, in the Antilles has been deficit, but it is just as well to remember | destroyed by hre.
that last year the result was attained by Grand Bourg, the principal town in the increasing the revenue, not by curtailing Island of Marie Galante, has a population expenditure.—Montreal Gizette.	of about 1,500
A Town Wiped Out
\ MARION & MARION
<	Experts end Solicitors.
Proprietor.

_

###PAGE###5###









H rO^TV.
Court Shawville,
No 816.
..
k I.O.E
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
JS»
publisher. _ÎQ._
aDvbrt»wo RAT»» '
^K'iirS

G.F.HODGINS
W..W»
i».
; 1 Mtets the 4th Wednee-¦ day of every month.
:/ Court due# muet be paid promptly every mouth.
Visiting brethren cordially Invited.
County Pontiac s Largest Ware-Rooms.
*
AT
l.b.c:
A. SMILEY, Prop.
Direct Importer.
/. A. Cowan, RS.
H. 8. DARNETT, F.8
Joun BKCKKTT. C. H.,

HAWVILLB HAVING- PARLOR,
JOHN SMITH, Proprietor.
s
The Celebrated
McLaughlin Carriages
Now in Stock.
We are just in receipt of invoices of two large consignments of Merchandise direct from the European markets.
loch In*
ST Your Turn next.
ALL STYLES ALL PRICES
CEO. HYNES,
cen
LOT 1
JOB PRINTING
tl'1
.tioded to.
V
These Carriages stand unrivalled for Finish, Workmanship or quality of Material used.
At the Paris Exposition last year the McLaughlin Carriages were awarded the Silver Medal—the highest honor attainable in their class, and the whole exhibit sold in Paris, proving that for real merit these
Comprises a Generel Line of FANCY and STAPLE DRY GOODS, for our fall trade from Glasgow.
FURNITURE DEALER AND
Cards. | UNDERTAKER,
8HA vV V liiLE, • - QUE.
JOHN A. COWANUb|ri
Business
LOT 2
MEDICAL.	_____
F M.A.McNaughtofl,.
A large, well-selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
IN UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of Funeral Furnishings, ranging* from the plainest requisites to the most elegantly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night.
was
goods are on top.
Comprises 100 LADIES’ MANTLES for early fall and winter wear, direct from a manufacturer of Berlin, Germany.
McGill Univkhsitt.
Dr. H. K
GninOATB or
• •
• e
• e
e •
# #
A. SMILEY.
„C. M
"B. ALEXANDER. M. D
L
SHAWVILLE. _

Just received-A car-load of Chatham waggons The best.	_________
D
These goods should arrive
within ten days and will be iTL n , .	^ *
well worthy the inspection of |Tn6 u6St ASSOPTITIGnL
The Largest Stock
Brief Wooing.
TBACHBBft BN VC VAU* TO MANILA MARRIED AT HONOLULU TEN DAY LOVERS.
Cirbondale, 111., Aug. 21.—Of the 41)0
torchera who mailed on the transport Thomas from 8*u Francisco to Manilla, sixty on reaching Honolulu were married. The teachers had been chosen from _________ many normal uuivtr it ee of the country
71m	AMR! E % I and were strangers to each o her. Ac
WM. \A Aw	quaictince and courtship extended over a
n \ HRISTEH» dko.f	period of less than ten days. The captain
* Zudina No. 48 Sparks 0f tho Thomas refused to | crmit wedding» 20. T^1 Ottawa, Ont.	at at* and the thirty couj lei, upon arrtvsl
fourlh Thursday at Hor.o!uIu, sought out a clergyman and
were married. A boat was chartered and 30 pairs made the tour of t^e bay. The information reached this city from one of the men appointed from hire.
-, RssiDMics :
MAIN 8TRRRT ' *
Orne» a*®
legal.
the ladies of Pontiac................
Further particulars will be given in this column on their arrival.
BQORBEAO RMS VILLE, L. L, L,
. BRYSON, very Monday.
and
ADVOCATE .
VISIT SHA.WVILLS ¦
of Goods may be seen at
WILL
J.F.GKRON ATJ’S
:o:
G. F. HOGGINS.
Room
St
LADYSMITH,
who keeps all the staple lines of
42 Men’s Waterproof Coats at wholesale j gry Q00tjSj Clothing, Boots & Shoes, Groceries, prices—$1.75 up.
EÏÏ......
At
, Main St.
¦---ov.r o. r.
CEO. c. WRIGHT,
ADVOCATE. BARBI8TE». *C,
*	m or QUEBEC,
P. s.
THE WAR.
Hardware, Crockery, Paints, Oils, &c.
or TEK VKOVINl ggmg Trust	Street. Ottawa.
As zt*
niatrieU.	___
"TriWR-McCOHEELL, B. C. L
cha=CÎK.-®
Took Entire Commando.
Cape Tuwr, Aug. 23—Col. Parker has captured Ll «us b rue ms entire commando at Dronberg. The Doers lost seven kill*
ei, two wounded, and prisoners,
Pretori.. Aug. 22 - Colonel Culviiv] «irptlied AlberVd and Pretonu'.
MShawvtttr W^	north of Wa,
,orreapondeuta.   ______________— | A detachment nf Steinacket'a Home
w. w. Ireland,
District Magistrates Court. tured totrteen, all Germans and Hull-
Deeds, Anders.
If you warut the Best Goods at the Lowest Prices
make your purchases at J. F. Gronau’s.
All kinds of Farm Produce taken in exchange.
and Pout iac
&?«»“¦- '*7kJTb V»
Hating were thoee R 0( Klondyke, wife of Governor % ' Mim»e Rote, their little daughter of Victoria, and
at Juneau.
Governor Rose himself - came do having made a lush trip cut from Dawson,just in tires to catch the Hating. He left for the east this afternoon with the re m aie a of his wife and daughter.
The inquest so far as it went found that no b’atne was attached to any one for the death of Dr. Duncau.
Tbe evidence was taken very fully, no substantial allegations cf drunkenness being made concerning the pillot cr any other member of the trew. The inquest result in an abac lute verdict of accidental death.
and who had betn allowed to retain their
rifles to protect their stock Duung the absence of the British patrol from the neighborhood, a body of the enemy under Commandant Christian B the surrounded the farm house a id call ed upon the occupants tosurrender.
On being refused, Botha's men opened fire. Kock, the owner of the farm and several other burgers were killed, and a
number wounded. When their ij'"
rendered.	tbe tema*=d« nr-
Chfieti.n Botha immedietely formed a
hi	won were ordtrtd to
10 1 ,v d are said to have been exeeut-
delay* F‘,tr **re severely
othert0. Volk,rust, while ac aa taken prisoner to Amerbfocrt.
•1
twenty one aie
out
LAW
Express and
Buggy Wheels
ALL SIZES. RIGHT PRICES.
McDOUCALL andCUZNER,
m
i
wn

They


Clerk of the
Commlsslouer Mortgages, tie., ex factorlly.
SHAWVILLE - -
iggSSlil HIshh
ESSK&SS	T
m*mmkÈÊS& YL
F Durbin, «... ,«iW I $?"	™ J*	M I II S ^«6 ^ T 8
,h*IHave commenced opera- thing you require in
ÆtX’ï',5?M ff.s.rsr.lh*, «¥, SrCltH"' I*“ tions for the season and Tin, Agate and En-
see esas
SlKtf.i’Mt”5!S^"iT 4 a-itory trade with the farmers EaVetrOUgNlllg,
as	ssa » — ». the surrounding ««.*,. Roofi _ and
finish**®
caped uninjured.	|jja ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦
"taorf-
m
1
General Wa'tcr Kilcliener
came upon a number, of Boers in a kloof after a
night uierJi. He cap*urud thirteen and killed two.
X
- - QUE.
HARDWARE MERCHANTS,
Sussex St., OTTAWA.
Explosion Killing Five.
hotels.
St. Lawrence Sail,
Maxims Terrible Fire.
T.f
Mrs C.M. McLean,
rropri.tr..».
•^sssssssF*'
First-class Livery
ways
ATTACHE*
I
PRACTICAL
WATCHMAKER
s$

m
j

* .
* •
DALE BROS
ANDREW HODCINS,


ri
¦1
Repairiwo-
A Speciality;
Vv A
Shawville.


SHAIÏ1UE, «
P. s.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
WANTED
Qualified teacher lady for section No. 1, Leslie. Apply, stating salary, to
H. H. SEAMAN, Otter Lake, Que.
A cuitiic 1 T 1 > EQü
IT
Otter Lake, July 18,1901.
Y.




###PAGE###6###


7







ît> sugar to 11 It) fruit, and continue the boiling and stirring process til done.
Brandy Peaches
*************
+**+——*•**+*•+****** I	DAIRY WISDOM.	I TUB PARIS FOUNTAINS.
Y/Xmt »ttvvs __ . ___	rvst *v®ur cowti I A dairyman was The fountains of Paris are among
If you haven’t	: I IN	I LI L C À DM V	surprised	a short time ago by finding the moat	interesting features of the
tune	to	put	up	all your fruit, try	X Vil	1 UJC 1 /llVlTle V	1 iat frum hl* twelve cows ho got city, and	the authorities are careful	7	0UNq
this plan of preserving peaches for $	V more money from three than from to increase their attractiveness
future use. Select ripe peaches of a Uaaaaaaaaj . ...* . * Y th,e othor ninc Put together.	whenever an opportunity arises. An
egular size, wash and wipe dry, not ' v * * m^vvw^vvs' I Look into this if you never did experiment has l>een tried by which Excentions removing the skin. Pack them in a FEEDING CATTLE ON A hmauJ before and get on the right track. the waters wi'l become luminous. A jar. alternating a layer of peaches	FARM	I f you WIUit to raise runts keep the sort of golden yellow will alone
with a layer of sugar, put a thick M	calves in the pig pasture.	employed ; but the water» will as-1 In order to closely define the duties
Not every	one	who dreads	the hot [ laycr	8Utfftr	top, add n weight	- .j	1,1 on sma11 farms keep	Do not	let your cow drink water | sumo the	appearance of cascades vf	ot	officers commanding	war	vessels In
Weather	can	escape	it	by	a	trip to	10 I'rvss	the	fruit	down, and cover	think th*?»'# CAtt 0# t>ecauee they	that you	would not drink yourself ! diamonds	and topazes. The effect	reFPect to paying	courtesies afloat,
lhe seaside or mountains, but near-	*0 lvSS than a year you I , ,	ornas are too small for j If you do you will suffer the con- will be attained by moons of electric Admiralty issued, seven years
\y every one. by a little common have a fine quality of brandied J 8 VlUI*V*	«^culture to be pro- sequences.	lights and colored glasses placed «*<>. a prescribed Hat of formalities,
sense and forethought, can lessen P°£chee.	I not * .	a,e ot“erl who do I>0 n°t expect the best results from around the basins in such a way that from which the following particulars
materially the discomforts incident you find the regular process of .	because they dried up pasture and bitter weeds. the beauty of the fountains will not nrc token
to a heated term Though there are mttk,ntf Pickled peaches too tedious f	^ p kln" of cattle suited Separate unprofitable animals and be diminished when seen by day- All royal salutes consist of twenty-
many forcible arguments in favor for warm dttV8' try this plan. Cook	*pt*clai needl; D a person is begin now to feed for fattening. j light.	' one guns, except in India, where the
of an annual summer trip, however Peaches (whole, of course) as for	.“‘I*1 somv utv where milk Greater gain can be made in warm |	—-p-....	presence of the King and Emperor
thort, there is also a well-grounded Deserves, only using about one- , , K ( lQr 11 ^' 0<i Price, or a weather, and they will be ready for	AN UNLUCKY DAY.	would be received with 101 guns,
opinion that one can keep cool- third less sugar*. When done add ~Vf ; 11 11 e hade cun be establish- the early market and the best prices. .	...	..	, 4l . Foreign crowned heads or sovereign
pst at home. This is even true in spiccs and vinegar to taste, boil upT nI Gutter and then every means It only require» two years to pro- D7 m,ay T '^cresting to note that princes, or their cohsorts. or the the case of people living in cities, oncc‘ ftud then place in jars. Pic-	0 maintain this trade, or if a duos a good cow from a good calf. I Saturday has been an unlucky day president of n republic, or princes,
many preferring their accustomed kied Peaches made by this short me- 1	18 “cur by that will con- | First examine the calf for the un- Î? the Hoyal family of Kiigland for being members of foreign royal fam-
slccpiiig rooms at night ami an occa- thod wi,l kecP nearly a year.	®\c ,rulk and pay a good price, mistakablo sign of her future, her tke. Ia8t, ^Ul) years. William 111. Hies, receive royal salutes on arriv-
»ional trip to the parks and woods *	---- ™ !k!fU ke€|> 18 u dairy , well formed tests and bag. Then dud Saturday, March 18, 1<oa* ing and leaving ships or forts, and
,"ï,7juiy 1.	sr..r *m “7 »r »* St’s.ssws *•“w
so hard to bear. It is when the When a sick child vomits continu-	.. lom a K°od market imd com- Keep her growing by furnishing Ju!10 10’ l7t7, George II. died Sat- displayed
berce, dry heats of August and Sep- ally 11 *» better to stop feeding un- IP ' 10	‘ . country etoi*e prices , proper rations and shelter. A stunt-	17,t>0’ <co!£e °n the celebration of the birthday
tomber begin to make themselves	til the stomach regains	its tone.	/ butter,	better change and invest	; ed calf will never make the cow it	Î LL	dl<?! Saturday, January 29,	0f the king or queen of a foreign
felt that wc long for a wave of re-	rhis rule will apply to	adults	in 80me	°r	the improved beef breeds,	otherwise would have been Care for	George IV. died Saturday,	nation, or on other Important
freshing coolness to revive our flag-	cases of acute illness.	V1 1	‘ hoi thorn, Hereford or	I her as you would n Jewel, for such	,:n,a }{'\	1 « * 1 rinc® c	tional festivals and ceremonies,	by
ging health and spirits.	11 for any considerable	period	the	Angui‘	,	doing this do not make a	she will prove if no mistake was	Ï ,	Saturday, December 14, 1861.	the ships or batteries of such
Oil stoves and gas ranges have stomach rejects food, rectal feeding !:omil!romif? and cross on a dairy ma(ie at first.	rnneess Alice died Saturday, Vo- tion, His Majesty's ships present
done much to lighten the burden of should be resorted to .	|	. . useless to try to raise A good cow is the best paying pro- | ccmVcr 14* 1878- ^	| may fire the same salutes, not exhousekeeping during the hot months. Most cases of chronic sour stomach	,m< usc a dairy brt^ed Use perty a farmer can own.	0	| cecding twenty-one guns, and dis-
S^ill, thçre (\re days when the sim- arC d“c to fermentation and the for-	'>g» 0nw block on both sides,	-0- I THE EXCESS OF WOMEN I play tho flu* ot the nation.
•piest duties become irksome and life Nation of unnatural acids. These | ftnd a K°”d, foundation is laid for	J""* b*'‘**a WOMr.N. The llxcd Uay for galules on Brit-
seems to resolve itself into the one c»-*» require a great deal of pa- ?ufc®fs- A '«w years ago the mar-	WELL FURNISHED.	I he census returns show that of Ish anniversaries ere the nnniver-
important problem of how to keep ticncc to effect a cure.	demanded three and four-year-1	---- the 32.fi26.075 persons enumerated series of the birth, the accession, and
cool To begin with make up vour For ingrowing toe-nail, touching "'4	^ut now the young, well- Household Utensils of Two in England and Wales. 15,721.728 the coronation of the reigning sove-
mind to live sin»Dhr during the the granulating surfaces with a „i. finished and tender nnimal is the	Thousand Years Ago.	were males and 16,804,847 females reign, and the birthday of the con-
en mm
mêWéM éssi ilst|: mm
¦I EBIlli 1* ¦«
be of the simplest kind, that will they are not well borne by the stem- corn, and as they increase their eat- gant. Saucepans liMd with «Ivor ago battery, which renders it rod-
a™ r	ssssa
porch. The needle, rightly used, is acids are both pleasant and health- them.	goods of those times.	such a manner that the hair can be
a sedative, and does not in the least ful when properly made. Lemonade. G a calf is expected to do its best n egg- rame m	. singe^Off At any
prevent one’s thoughts from wander- not too sweet, is one of the best, it should be fed all it will eat, but twenty-nine eggs a one , niu Pasy ing away over pleasant fields of im- The various mixtures containing never over-fed, as this always gives moulds s iape( « s 10 s	8
agination or weaving a pleasant "phosphates" or other revivers arc them a sut back and takes them a luxuries of t o ki c en o o 10 fabric of fancy; but the most benuti- not to be recommended.	long time to recover from its effects, and years ago. Gr c irons un ry-
ful pattern that ever grew under the	Overloading	the	stomach with	During the winter they should be	ing-pans, tart dis es an ci	s
I fingers cannot equal the changeful	cold water is often the	cause	of	provided with shelter, where they	graters were in use then ns no .
beauty of the summer clouds or vomiting in hot weather. Farmers can go in and out at will. Feed IV hen we leave the kitchen anc on-compare with the delicate pictures are especially liable to make this good, bright clover hay, corn fodder, ter the Indy s chamber, we in ux-formed by the coloring of leaf and mistake when at work. Drink plea- and as a grain food there is nothing urious equipments equally prom men . blossom.	ty of good water, but small quanti- better than corn, oats and bran. At The Homan lady * tulle 1 c w-is
» You will, of course, simplify your tics at a time. The stomach will all times keep them supplied with well supplied. Ivory combs, Do es bill of fare, abandoning to a reason- then be able to take it up.	good, fresh water. They should have of perfume, pots of cosine ics, ni-
able extent all heating and fat-pro- Be sure to let fresh air have a a little salt at least once a day in tons, hairpins, and even a mir-nc ducing foods, living quite largely on prominent place in the sick room, their feed. By caring for calves in of gold wire figured there, bread and fruit, with plenty of vege-	Convalescents	need	sunshine	also.	this manner, I have made them Bronze thimbles and spun es are
tables. Avoid all liquids that have	weigh 1000 lbs at one year old. At	to be seen among the re ics.	e
a stimulating effect. Use an abun-	0	the usual prices for this kind of Homan lady even had her safe y pin,
dance of cool water, not ice-water,	stock there is good money in the for there is a specimen of this .1 e
THE BO, SING.	:
When the weather permits let the	believed to be a strictly modern in-
meals be served out of doors. You will be surprised at the increased zest and flavor acquired by even the plainest food. A small charcoal burner, which can be purchased zheaply, will serve to broil chops, steak or ham, and can be used in &ny outdoor place that is well sheltered from the wind. After a few meals eaten in the open air, you will experience a feeling of disappointment when cold or storm drives you indoors.
Again, make simplicity the keynote of summer living. Banish even all intricacies of thought, letting the mind dwell ns far as possible on pleasant things. Though this habit is desirable at all seasons, it Js especially to be commended when the mercury persistently soars aloft among the nineties. Quietude of manner is soothing, and, it is also contagious, iust as fussiness and unrest In one or two individuals will make a large nircle of people uncomfortable. Oct close to nature when she is in her summer mood ; she will tell you some of her secrets. • The earth is cool, therefore let your feet touch it as much ns possible.
The daily sponge bath, the walk in the cool of early morning or evening, are also important helps through the heat of summer.
SiLffTIE BÏ TEE NA7Ï.
un
*
HOME.
*
:
I FOB A FOB THE
to the British Navy Saluting » Foreign Flag.
CONSUL. 101 KINO.
I
************
bt
COMFORT IN 1IOT WEATHER
na-
ntir
THE FOLLOWING SCALE
Governor or High Commissioner of any of His Majesty’s colonies, foreign possessions, castle», or fortresses, 17 guns ; Lieutenant-Governor, 18 guns ; Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary, 19 guns ; Minister Resident and diplomatic authorities below Envoy Extraordinary, and above Charge d*Affaires, 18 guns ; Charge d'Affaires, 11 guns ; Consul General, 9
Chief of the whole army of the a I United Kingdom, 10 guns, First Lord of the Admiralty, 16 guns ; Admiral of the Fleet, 17 guns ; Admiral, 15 guns ; Vice-Admiral, 18 guns ; Commodore, V guns ; Field-Marshal, 17 guns ; General, 15 guns ; Lieutenant-General, 13 guns ; Major-General, 11
Brigadier-General, 9 guns ;
each census since 1831, having been successively 104.2,	105.3,	105.4,
105.5. 100 4, and 106.9 to one hundred males.
SINGEING THE 1IAIR
Captain of the Navy and officers below that rank, 7 guns.
None of His Majesty’s officers under the rank of brigadier-general or commodore are to be saluted in any part of the world by naval ships, nor are salutes exchanged between His Majesty's vessels and castles and forts. Salutes in conformity with the above scale are fired in compliment to authorities of foreign na-They tions, who pay the same compliment to H.M. authorities in their territories or ships.
Foreigners of high distinction, or foreign flag, or general officers, ccive salutes according to their rank in their own nation.
The captain of a ship, or senior officer of several ships, arriving at a foreign port where there is a fort or battery, or ship, will salute the I	national flag with twenty-one guns,
A magnificent oak tree at Athens, on being satisfied that the salute
, I The Horn..	h^mr. „PP~1	™
There are many reasons why land cntiy lacked one essential. She had j ma|iy s by Colonel W. H.
Next year the regency in Spain to be ploughed this fall should be no hair-brush. Neither had she a I jftCkson wil0 in his childhood, will come to an end. On May 17th turned over as soon as possible. In j giaSs mirror. All the mirrors in the j ^ '^ound its massive trunk next Alfonso XIII. will attain his ma- the first place stubble fields to be Museum, with one exception, are of an(j jn lutcr veavs gr€W to lovo it jority, which in Spain is sixteen seeded to wheat in September or 8iiVer or some other white metal. nlmost ft8 would his own child years, and his mother, Maria Chris- October should be plowed now and The exception is a dark purple piece j vcaring that Rftcr his death the old tina, will surrender to him the au- harrowed about once a week, or 0f glass let into the wall of a bed- j .	* w fall lnto the hands of
thority which she has exercised dur- every ten days. This early plowing room at the house Speechio in Doming his boyhood.	and frequent cultivation will result p^i
Recent pictures of Alfonso show a in a compact seed bed so essential to delicate, serious and intelligent face, successful wheat culture. Experience |
It suggests a boy who has not had a proper share of outdoor pleasures, and upon whom the responsibilities of life have fallen prematurely. The impression made by Alfonso's picture is confirmed by what is known of his life. He is physically frail, and his time has been spent mainly with his mother and his tutors, although he has had some military instruction. He is now acquiring familiarity with public affairs. He attends all the meetings of the Cabinet, and he is moving about among his future subjects more freely than formerly. This acquaintance with his people will be good for a boy
who has led a secluded life, and it is experiment for themselves. Plow to be hoped that it will awaken several strips through the stubble among them a personal loyalty field and treat it as above indicated, which will help the young king in Let the remainder of the field stand the dangers before him.	just as the binder left it. In late
Spain is disturbed by the conspfr- (nil plow through the field crosswise acics of the Car lists ; by the rest- of these strips and see the difference lessness of the Catalan provinces, jn the mechanical condition of the which desire a larger measurement soil. The untreated strips will be of sclf-govgrnmcnt ; by the agita- hard and lumpy, but the treated will . w-i,rf	iions of trades-unions, socialists and | be mellow and moist.
• f>e,crL ,OIt anarchists, and by clerical intrigues the skin slips and anti-clerical riots. Food is high, easily, remove the skin, roll the taxes oppressive, and wages low. reach carefully in the beaten white There is respect for the throne, but of an egg, and then in powdered su- 1$ttlc real affection for it. The peo-gar, pile high in a glass dish and j p|0 take only a fitful interest in pub-place on ice before	serving. lie questions, but	they	break	out
Frozen peaches	: Parc and quar- rca(iiiy jn	rioting	when	they	are
ter ripe, juicy peaches, add sugar, ; angry. There is no well-led, Welland freeze. For peach ice cream, add knjt party to sustain the govcin-i cup chopped or mashed peaches to cent's policy ; no statesman of 1 qt plain custard, Just before frecz- commanding influence upon whom Al-ing. Serve with almond cake.	| fonso may lean. For a boy of six-
I’each Shortcake : Make a dough ^n, coming to the throne under
as for soda biscuit, divide into two sucfi difficult circumstances, __________
parts, roll out and	place in pic pan, | couid wish	more firmness	about	the
one layer on the	other, spreading | mouth and	a little	more	fire in	the
butter between. When baked a light brown, take from the oven, separate layers, butter while hot and cover the bottom layer with soft, juicy quarters of peaches, sprinkling with
sugar. Place the second layer on	u	I H H
lop, sprinkle the whole with sugar Over a century ago a London gen-end eat while hot, with cream.	tlcman, named Johnson, left all his
Peach Cobbler: Fill a deep pan money to the Stationers’ Company, with pared and sliced peaches, add condition that they paid the pugar to taste, and a touch of nut- vicar of Hendon (in which church-meg and grated lemon peel, moisten yard testator was buried) one guinea the whole with water, cover with yearly for preaching a sermon on pastry and bake.	the words, "Bulla est vita nuin-
Pench Marmalade : Choose ripe, ana ’ (Life’s a bubble). The sermon soft peaches, pare and quarter, place has just been preached, and the mas-in kettle with just water enough to ter and wardens of the Stationers’ cover, and boil 80 minutes, stirring Company attended as usual,
and mashing the fruit constantly, afterwards inspected the benefactor’s they are net very much below Then add rogar in proportion of f tomb, according to the trust.	breeds that yank high as layers
CHAIRS IN CHURCH.
A new cnurch was opened recently at Netting Hill, London, the chairs in which are most comfortable and convenient, and nearly 400 of them have been presented by individuals unable to give larger sums are, not only furnished with accommodation for books and umbrellas, but there is a place between each chair for a hat, which solves the hat difficulty. They arc also so fastened together ns to prevent the disagreeable noise when movable chairs are used.
i;-
A BELOVED OAK TREE
Alfonso XIH. Will Ascend the Spanish Throne Next May.
BEGIN FALL PLOWING AT ONCE, mention
British ships salute foreign flag-officers and commodores of superior rank to the officer In command, according to their rank in the scale. Salutes to foreign flags, personages, and authorities are authorized only in the case of Governments formally recognized by His Majesty. His Majesty's ships shall not on any account lower their top-gallant sails or flags to any foreign ships whatever, unless these shall first, or at the same time, lower their sails or ags to them. *
Turret ships do not salute unless
who would destroy it, he
persons
recorded a deed conveying to tree "entire possession of itself and of a,l land within 8 feet of it on all
sides."
the
o
KING WATER
has demonstrated that a rough, cloddy held will, one year with another, be a disappointment
accompanied by
who are^skcpUcal"should" try nettle I rtü1"*** would	“«‘versai. | throughout South Africa
o
During What Qould Be Done If Waterfalls
Were All Utilized.
(1
TRAINED WOMEN DOCTORS
ed with the same power, and electric | one, and railways would become universal.
The largest plant of machinery for this purpose in England is at Deptford, where a force equal to 10,000 volts, generated by water power, is sent to London. The Rhone sends
15.000	horse-power into Geneva, and the Rhine yields 10,500 volts at Rhincfoldcn. America is, of course, far ahead in the matter of utilizing
water power, and in ono instance | bride* to have teeth filed like those
60.000	volts arc being transmitted
152 miles overland to Sun Francis-
ing
As a general rule no salutes are to be fired between sunset and sunrise. When necessary to salute on Sunday, The Sandwich Islanders estimate | the hours of Divine Service are to be women by their weight. The Chinese ; avoided, and any delay on this ac-require them to have deformed feet count in saluting a foreign flag is to and black teeth. A girl must be ^ cxpiaincd.
tattooed sky-blue mid wear a nose- j ^he Governor may make exception ring to satisfy a South Sea Islander. from the prescribed salutes on im-Certain African princes require their I portant and national occasions in
¦¦É ÉÈ J	g with the senior naval
o
FEMALE DEAUTY
THE SUCCULENT PEACH
conjunction	¦ ¦
officers ; but unless the senior offi-of both navy and army concur,
not to be fired by
of u saw
Summer Snowballs Deuches from which
Where a stubble
velvet
field contains leaf, Canada
o
cers
Eighty Britinh ships and 165 lives | such salutes are
one service alone.
All salutes from foreign ships of
BMM
is returned with five guns for one A teacher had just given a let,son 8hip, and seven guns for more than on the hyphen, and thinking that his It has been computed by statist!- class understood it now, he wrote clans that nearly two years' sickness the word birds-nest on the black-1	T .-.ArpiKrn MAN
is experienced by every person bo- board. Now, boys, why do we have	AGGRAVAI	*
fore attaining the age of seventy j a hyphen between birds and nest? Mrs. Flitey—My husband s years. Therefore, according to this, asked the teacher. Several hands meanest thing. He had the i ncvinia-ten days per year is the average went up. and the teacher pointed to tism when he woke up this morning, sickness of human life. Until forty a small boy who seemed very an- Mrs. Hitey—Well? , it is but half, and after fifty is roach- | xious to answer. For the birds to Mrs. Flitey—That's a
roost on, was the reply.	rain, and I’ve got a lawn par y w
The German Enqwror has a fad for | l°r t*1*8 afternoon, collecting boots nmi shoes of famous
. „ A ...	.	. , . people, and in the marble palace at,	m Hil	„
Hey, you feller, ge ofT n this	train	Potsdam he has some 2,000 pairs.	% have decided to	be an hospital
shouted the angry conductoi at the Among them are slippers reputed to nur8Ci said Amy. I saw it stated hoboes.	have been worn by Mahomet, the ! that 75 per cent, of unmarried men
W’y certainly, boss but, say, die , ^oots of Wallenstein, Gustavus Adol-1 #ai| |n love and propose to the you ever live in a board in house?	phus, Peter the Great, and Napoleon i	mcn that nurse them	through severe
Yes, an what of it?	Buonaparte, am well as specimens of !	nines ses I saw that	statement too.
Nothin', ceptin yon might please the footgear worn by Frederick thl I a<)ded Mabel; but my recollection is pass the beets.	| Great and others of hie ancestors. | that it said pretty nurses.
co
cocklcburs thistle and the like it is very essential that plowing be done ns early as possible to prevent seeding of annuals and "smother" perennials by keeping down leaf growth. It is the most effective method of cleaning up a field, and if it were generally employed the spread of noxious weeds could be easily prevented.
Professor George Forbes, who has just returned to England from Afri-| vere lost at sen in April ca, is arranging for the harnessing
POULTRY
one
average sickness
Quality in poultry is important, and but few understand that it is difficult to judge of the quality of a fowl by the color of its legs. The yellow legs and skin on a fowl do not in any manner indicate quality of flesh. On the contrary, the best table fowls are those that have darker flesh-color legs, such as the Dorking, Langshan or Hourdan. The best birds are those that have the most breast meat. If farmers will endeavor to produce choice fowls for market or for their own use by keeping the birds for that purpose they will find a difference In quality and better prices from customers. Breeds that produce choice carcasses and arc not the best layers always, but
one
eyes
the
o
LIFE’S A BUBBLE
sure sign of
ed it rapidly increases
A TOUCHING APPEAL
the




		
###PAGE###7###








14
As for Moggitt, he gathered himself slowly together, and me he rose from his humiliating position tried to bluster and bully the man who stood over him.
What d'ye mean by striking me ?"
he said ; “I've half a mind to-"
“No, you have notJIHIHMl other, coolly. “You haven't the piuck to face a man. Don't square up at me. Drop it at once, or I'll drop you."
I HIS
| ILL-GOTTEN
I WEALTH.
FROM BONNIE SCOTLAND.
The Untimely	A
End of	£
Joseph Dovao.	Y
SYNOPSIS OP
NEWS FROM TH* HIGHLANDS, AND LOWLANDS.
Many Things Happen to Interest the Minds of Auld Scotia’s
Sons.
t é
* »
said the

* ~

.
I
Y
»
\
?
*
!
s'-
V
Dundee chimney sweeps have formal a defence association.
General Ian Hamilton is to inspect the Glasgow Boys' Brigade this month.
Dumfermllne has resolved to try a public house on the Gothenburg system.
There were 1,608 death in Paisley last year, a death rate of 20.5 per 1,000.
Glasgow i:i cheered with the hope that Lord Roberts may visit the ex* hlbition.
The widening of CTune Brae bridge is one of the Port Glasgow proposed improvements.
There were 6,051 persons apprehended f#r crime in Dundee last year, an increase of 1,230.
The Dundee Tramway Committee have decided to remove all cushions from tramway cars.
Mr. Alex. Ewing, long a respected resident in Dumbarton, has reached his hundredth birthday.
The Temperance party in I^eitli have entered on the “war path ' with vigor and enthusiasm.
Iiia( n	............. . I The new comer spoke so sharply
h '	%	after the bank rob-, and looked so determined that Mog-
ouy the Waldos gave one of their gitt's heart sank within him
^ l>U|F m?S	! Who the deuce are you ?" stani-
r. ami Miss Surtees were among mered the assistant-cashier.
the guests, for as yet no rumor of ; “A gentleman, which is more than the charge which hung over the I you are !
caohier had travelled beyond the; “I'm as good ns you !" retorted
m ' c .	Meggitt.
r. . urtoes sat. silent and un- “I don't kiss young Indies——I beg
lappy, under the trees ; Josephine your pardon." lie corrected himself beside him, equally mad, reflecting j and raised his hat to .Josephine. “1 ,i frtther 8 mood- without knowing | don't try to kiss young ladles w,!;v*	; against their will."
nrrLnT,	Meggitt, who had “Iiow can 1 tlmnk you suffleient-
ved ate. end asked Miss Sur- j ly ?" Josephine now found courage
‘sL(7,n,"ce*	..	4l	to say. her eyes filling with tears
Vi reclined, rather abruptly. and a bright flush crimsoning her Mr, Meggitt’ s face was flushed, j cheek as she thought of the indig-and Josephine liked his manner less j nity from which he had saved her.
.	. .	th*PT cvcr t^ftt afternoon.	"Who are you, 1 repeat ?"
The entertainments given by the	Nonsense	1“ said her father.	!	Meggitt, with	a fresh show of	modal world. Ere long	his Investiga-1
waiuos were us various as they	Yau must	not sit hero moping	|	surancc. “1	insist upon satisfac-	tIons extended to the	great public
were frequent. Those in the London	Wlfl\ mo ’	tion."	crimes of the	day.	Ho often thought
house were limited generally to Lon- I'm tired, father. I’d rather not “My name is Sir Richard Daunt no doubt with an nrautuur's pre-
,.utl. kL6* 8,i	t,l(; Rrvat people, or a/,c;‘	rny address the Albany, 99a, where fiumPtion' that he could set the po-
tnat t»cBw Imitation of them with Why, you have not danced at all j you or any of your friends will find Mce	when on the wrong track,
whom the ambitious Waldos loved to	as yet. Don't be denied, Meggitt."	me, very	much at	your	service.	Now	or Kivo them the	“straightest tip”
be associated.	Mr Surtees did not share his1 pray, who are you ?"	when altogether at fault. By dc-
But besides these high-class gather- daughter's dislike to the assistant- "ills name is Meggitt !" cried K,0<‘9 they uli knew him In Scot-ings there were others, the sccm of	cashier. Just	now, indeed, he s «cm-	Josephine, in	the most contvinntu-	lund Yard » know him,	and, it must
which was the suburban villa at	0,1 <hxious	to conciliate and keep	ous tones. “Ho is n clerk or some-	bo confessed, often laughed at him
K« / an overgrown cottage, still blends with Mr. Percy Meggitt. 1 thing in the bank, under my father. tou-	Aa Wafl evidenced by the recent
called the Rookery, but greatly on- ‘hero, ' said Meggitt, “obey your Mr. Sur lev» snail hear of his con-! Dut ho had his friends there ; Mr. riot at ShornclifTe. England, soldiers larged and beautified, with a fine	aged parent, and come along."	duct."	Fasko among	them.	That astute de-	have	their	differences.	But	the	pub-
old garden running down to the	Josephine reluctantly took his	arm “I don't	care that	for	vQur	fath- i	tcctivc saw his advantage In culti-	lie	are	not	often	acquainted	with.the
river. Here on throe or four Satur- and they went oflf together. Meggitt er l"• replied Meggitt. impudently. j mating the acquaintance of friends facts, though they generally days	during	the	season	the	Waldos	( hi need well, although in	rather a	“My credit at Waldo's is as	good	in every class,	and ho counted it no	age to leak
cleared	off	their	minor	obligations	;	World style, and Josephine	loved	nay, better than his. Your father,	smab privilege	to be allowed to cull	Such was too case with
repuid the kindnesses of early years	waltzing. She almost forgot	her	indeed ! Why your father is no bet- j	sometimes at the Albany and have Brockhurst
from people they could now patron-	dialiko to her partner in her	keen	ter than a—" 1	achat with Sir Richard Daunt. ; some months	back. The
ize, and did fresh kindnesses on	enjoyment of the music and	the	Sir Richard Daunt caught Meg- *	When, therefore, Mr. Faskc met Sir ] Fusiliers
their own account.	|	movement.	gitt roughly by the collar,	anci	Î Richard, one	Sunday afternoon,
Vou are a stunner." cried	Meg- !	shook him as he cried—	j he came out	of Mr. Surtees' house I to Brock hurst, and	as some artillery-	Krcat-grent-grandchild,	a
gitt, with a gasp for breath as	they i	“Not another word ! Take	your-	on Chiswick	Mull, the detective, al- | men were stationed	there, with wlmin	at>°ul 12 months
stopped. “Out and out	the	best I	self of! directly. Do you hear	what	though he only	raised his hat to the	the Fusiliers were	not on	the	friend-	T	he	new	gasholder	and	other
mover I know."	.1	I say ? Go—at once."	baronet, resolved to pay a visit to	Rest terms, they	indulged	in.	what	tensions	at	Coatbridge	were	opened
IDs bold eyes expressed admiration, Meggitt muttered some unintellig- the Albany the very next day.	soldiers call, “a strike out " Three on the 19th ult. Thel __________¦
unspoken, but quite undisguised, iblo threats, and slunk away.	(To Be Continued).	hundred panes of glass were broken, | extensions has been jll'2.000
for her glowing beauty, heightened i “Now, if you will accept my es-1	-------+------—	besides
as it was by the rapid dance.	cort, Miss Surtees," said Sir ftichard I	THE MOUSTACHE.	and Bmbs
|[|Lrt’.s go and have some fiz." turning towards her, “we will re- •	AM efforts
he cried, tucking her arm under his join own, and leading her off almost by] hops, force
PRECEDING CHAPTERS.—Securities vanish from
the strong-room of Candelcnt, Dandy
xml Waldo, bankers. Mr. Fasko of
Scotland Yard is called in to solve
the mystery. There are two keys
to the strong-room—one held by Mr
Waldo, partner, the other by Mr Surtees chief cashier. This latter has two children, Bob and Josephine. He reproaches Bob, who is an extravagant subaltern with aspirations to the hand of Helena Waldo, for having consumed his sister’s dowry to pay his gambling debts. Surtees is suspected of the theft.	¦ I
50


r;
<
» 9

r
V*-
# A


I

ki
9#
TO

%


JV

• w/y ¦

sss:
g?
\\S
MUSICAL DRILL ON HOARD THE OPHIIV T’he Duke of Cornwall and York lead ing, to Mary Lygon’s accompaniment
CHAPTER IV
said
GUARDS AND LINESMEN
I
LIKES AND DISLIKES OF DIFFERENT REGIMENTS.
| War Office Careful Not To Put Rival Regiments in One
Town.
Tho Glasgow School Board
ha va
decided to supply spectacles to children with defective eyesight.
Th g Musselburgh authorities have decided to go on with new municipal buildings at a cost of £6,000.
man-
out sooner or later.
the Fort affray which occurred
Munster
were somewhat aggrieved as at being removed from Portsmouth HPnrcd to see the death of her only
boy of
Three thousand five hundred “Burghers of the Queen" have been enrolled in Glasgow for rifle shooting.
An old lady in Go van has been
9 I
A frequent guest ut Kew Percy Meggitt. lie stood well with Mrs. Wllfi, his greasy,
and, strange to may, the banker s wife was always on her best behaviour with him—quite cordial, not to say affectionate.
One day she had found Mr
was
who much appreciated sycophantic deference ;
ex-
cost of the
other damage to property
One Edinburgh clergyman
.	. ,	,	, opinion that it will be impossible to
,	., to subdue the tumult i get 'a good Christian to take charge
proved futile until a very large pic- of the museum on Sundays." kct from a neighboring fort was requisitioned. Though the riot was a
The custom of wearing moustaches mos*' serious affair no dangerous personal injuries were inflicted.
Sometimes the origin of the likes
is of
t «
Meggitt lounging against the doorway of the drawing-room where they danced in the afternoons, and hud rallied him quite playfully.
"What, Mr. Meggitt ; doing nothing I declare ! llow idle of you, and so many pretty girls wanting partners."
Meggitt made a theatrical sort of bow with his heels closed.
"I am at your orders, Mrs. Waldo, but," he added, familiarly, "I would far rather dance with you."
The great lady by no means took this pleasantry amiss ; but said, with a gratified smirk—
I never dance now, I am too
your friends. I ought, per-|	,
to introduce myself, but you j ^irs^ ^Hussars	^ 18^5 ^
the
The Edinburgh School Board are exhibiting a collection of photographs, illustrating life In reformatory and industrial schools in Scotland.
have just heard my name."
"My father is here. Let us go to
1 want no re-1 him. He will like to thank you in did not prevail in France until the
person for your chivalry."	reign of Louis Philippe, when it be-
well take cm by the way. Josephine's eyes were sparkling ; cam« obligatory in the whole French and dislikes existing between regi-Voti see, he went on confidentially.	her	whole (aco llt up with tho gniti_	army. Jn England the moustache	rnc"ts can, bc	traced, though it is a
the fact is I m rather on the scoop"	tu(Je 8ba felt. It was now for the	was worn by hussars after the peace	curious fact	that in
to-duy. We ve been having such a	ftrst timo tiir niclmrd Daunt realized	of 1815, ami It was not until the	™eir friendships and enmities	have
bit of fun. 1 here were half a dozen	what	a beautiful girl he	had be-	close of the Crimean War that	Eng-	become such established rites	and
of us, Scotch Mac, and Billy Fisher,	frjcnucd.	lish civilians, as well as English sol-	bcen	handed	down	for	such	a	con-
nnd Joe Horrocks, and a lot more.	..j shall	be	charmed	to	be	pre-	diers in general, wore hair on the	«jderablo	number	of	years	that even on securing | ¦ |_L I ¦ I
We all met as wo were leaving the	gonted	to your father "	ho said	lip.	*	th° soldiers themselves do not	know j communed together lately end took
city, and we went into the Gaiety	..Dut>	Miss Surtees,' might	I suggest	Shortly after the moustache	came	how they originated. There is no
bar. Wc had a magnum of the 'boy,1 _|t is ft dclicntc matter, I know you into favor among gentlemen Horace bettcr evidence of this latter i>e- A vegetarian who jilted his sweet-for which wc went odd men. Then	wi„	forgivo mc pm Sure--but why	Mayhew was passing through an	culiatity than	in the strong aversion	heart	in	Glasgow	because	she	per-
Mac began to toss Billy for sove-	8ay	anvihing about what has occur-	English country town, and was im«	that cxists between the King's Own	listed	in	eating	beef,	has had	to	pay
reigns, and the game went round rvd ? A(ttiiis of that kind had best mediately noted and followed by a an<1 RoYal ,rish Rifles. Neither régi- £50 as solatium for a vivisected Didn't give over till half past three;	be buric(1 jn obiivion."	small army of children, who pointed	mcnt	knows	whence	it	came	nor , heart.	____________	__
that s what made mo so late, and so	“But perhaps Mr. Meggitt	will	tell	to his lip and called out derisive-	wbat the cause,	yet	the	fact	remains	Balmellington	keeps	step	with	the
thirsty now."	his oWn version "	ly :	l,lat whenever these are stationed march of civilization. The first bil-
These course confessions increased -Mr Meggitt will say nothing, 1 "He's got whiskers under his together in any part of the world, Hard table ever installed in the
Josephine's disgust. She looked feC| gurc und jf bo ---------"	snout Î He's got whiskers under his there is certain to be a	town was formally inaugurated the
round impatiently, while Meggitt	sir Richard's face	grew black.	snout!"	| DISTURBANCE	OF SOME KIND, other day^_
lingered over his champagne, seeking	“Mavn’t I tell	Bob ?" pleaded For a long	time the moustache was
in vain for some friends with whom	jOKel)bin0.	tho subject of raillery, even after it
she might escape from her partner.	“Bob ?"	tho	interrogation	was	was becoming common, and the fa-
I Ifirst class liquor the governor rather abrupt. Ilad some fellow al- mous caricaturist. Leech, printed in always gives. lie does us well,	rcady the right to be ca’.fed	Bob	by	Punch a picture of two old-fashiôncd
don t he ? lo rights, and no mis-	tbis VCry charming girl ?"	women, who, when they were spoken
ttt^,Ci' i,	...»	"Yes ; my brother Bob. He is in to by bearded railway guards.
Como, if you please. ' said Jose- the noth at Aldershot."	on their knees and cried out :
plunc. with a toss of her head and a ..uh ; your brother." Sir Richard "Take all wc have gentlemen, but
elii“fp ?/ i101 f°0t* , . ,	was relieved. "No ; I don’t think] spare our lives !"
Cant bear to part with you my rd cvcn tcll your brothci
I	Mk* Surtees. I mean. Lets And so it wng ^ttled. Thus tho
have another dance first	acquaintance, begun under circuin-l SOME RANDOM THOUGHTS
m-MITS ZVZ'ZIju'Z-stjsz
"	PEHrvffiBaiïms:^°>..« JL,-,
“ UhJf ; n	?’	J	ard never left her side, and before, 0ur greatest concern is not always	the general issued an	order confining
r.» h.	«stK ss. wr<jsus^'ss£i	-6ut - -	«J...	«..r
SL^SST IZ.Y.C - - - _	| -	s 33 ».% ÈÎSS	- -
I I ?	i!3111, DUl 10	,	to	and get the credit for themselves. efforts to quell the fight were use- Auchtermuchty has a modern Sam-
udd that it was more sccluuca anu	CHAPTER V.	I Tlie extreme penalty for bigamy is less. When it had continued inter- son. Ho lifted four gates ofT their
unfrequented.	* the plurality of mothers-in-law which	mittently for a week, the Royal hinges and	left	them	lying in tho
Arc we going right ?	asked Jose-	Sir Richard Daunt, the rescuer of| n necessitates.	Irish were dispatched	to Egypt
phinc soon, rather nervously	Miss Surtees from the too demon- Thc storms on the Sca of Matri„ Th„ feud between WÊ/ÆBêÊ^ÊKÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊÊKÊÊÊÊKÊIÊÊ
I can t say, m sure. I believe strative attentions of Mr. Meggitt, mQ are gad enoUgbi but most girls Guards and tho 1st Royal Irish Fu-1 Tarbolton Literary Society have we vc lost ourselves. Anyhow, lets was a young baronet of good cs ate, j dad ^ sadder to miss the last boat sillers (old 87th) dates back to the presented Rev. Mr. Higgins, who has sit- down a bit, and rest.	well known in London society. , out,	battle of Barossa, and is due to the been president for 17 years, with a
No, no. 1 wont stay here. I went everywhere, knew every uo< y,, ^yc waste a lot of time trying to capture of a French Eagle on that walking stick and hall barometer, shall leave you unless you come on and was just thc sort of man t ia convince ourselves that we have done occasion. The Guards assert that and a gold bracelet to Mrs. Higgins, at once.	the Waldos liked to have constantly .^ when we know very well that one of their men first became posses-
"Do sit down ; please do and as at the house. They had met him • wo havCn't.	sed of the flag, but he being nfter-
hc spoke he laid his hand upon her year or two before in Switzerland^ I you do ^ believe that a fool wards killed in action, the trophy | arm. I want to talk to you. I’ve Within a week, Mrs. Waldo had can ag% more questions than a wise Was left on the field, and picked up
such a lot to say. I wan t to tcll adopted Sir Richard as one of Die inan can anSwcr, ask the fellow you by one Qf the 87th after the fighting Some of the Greatest Conflicts of you that, by Jove, you’re out and family, and . Clara told him she ' bave just run aground.	was over. Nevertheless, the Royal	Modern Times.
issr Bsssaassesss wmm
most charming girl I know."	vitations—hence his presence at	_+_ thc tüsiiked regiment :	oegan witn^npoieon s
¦itSJSTiZONLY SUNBURNED-	WHO NICKED THE BIRD V
“¦¦¦B
sound knowledge of !aw-for law was chlIdren of a Mrs. Black, who lived Brigade s barracks When t ie Parav ‘;	Li.400,000,000
*.”
sr - »	¦; TS ! -- s=svs&ar- = E	";Erirs sur«tj ssxsiis
a- — ! t„e pa*, op it.	j	I'Z
tell a recruit to take them back to , of Lclpz|gi durjng whjch 80|00Q moD
Id rather go back to my father," Josephine declared fresh meats."
"I do
« i

Cupnr-Fife and Dundee are at loggerheads over an account for £10, which Dundee claims for thc loan of a fire engine on an emergency.
many cases
The Edinburgh ladies who tire bent
Parliamentary suffrage
a very hopeful view of their cause. .
• t
old."
Oh Î Mrs. Waldo ; why. they take you for Captain Wingspur’s sister."
She rapped thc insinuating dog on the knuckles with her fan.
"Thank you, sir ; as a reward for that I will introduce you to one of tho prettiest girls here—Miss Surtees your Mr. Surtees’ daughter—unless you know her already ?"
"1 ought to, but 1 don’t," he said, and ho was led off, nothing loth.
Josephine's reception of Meggitt was not encouraging. He was not at all to her taste ; she disliked his appearance at first sight,, and his manner did not please her.
Meggitt, vain and self-satisfied though he was, saw this, und tried to impress her with a sense of his importance.
"You have heard of me, I dure say. Miss Surtees ?" lie said, as he passed his hands conceitedly through his rather sparse straw-coloured
locks.
"I cannot say that I have plied Josephine, simply and coldly.
"I thought, perhaps, your father or your brother might have mentioned my name. I am a colleague of your father's, you know."
"Oh, arc you in thc bank ?"
'Certainly ; assistant-cashier. I have been very fortunate, you see."
Yes ?" Josephine’s remark implied that she knew very little about the bank.
It only took me eleven years to get the billet. Now, your father was fourteen, and six more before ho 1 e-camc head. Now, I mean to be cashier long before that "
'In my father's place ! I sin-
said Josc-
hcartily. "What is to be-
I 9
Go van Unionists presented Mrs. well aware of this, . • ! ; • l	therefore ex-	Duncan, the wife >>f their candidate,
ercise some	discretion	in	keeping	wRh his portrait in oils and a gold
them apart. In 1888, however, a 1*. I bracelet s«-t with sapphires and dia-
mcntuble mistake
hostile Rifles	were both	sent	to Gib-	Dalbeattie has lost on old land-
raltar, one	arriving three	months	mark in a large tree which stood in
after the other. When they had been Maxwell street and braved tho together about four days a crisis storms of a century. It was hewn came, and a thousand men indulged down on the 16th ult In a riot
Authorities at the War Office
are
• •
fell
# f
^	Itodger &	. Port Glasgow, have
They started with belts and sticks, received an order from the Anglo-
and'us the engagement progressed. American OH Company of London made additions to their equipment and NeY York for à four-masted with pokers, fire-shovels, rifles, and gtcc| SQiiing ship.
even bayonets. However, no dead
were found after tho conflict, though over a hundred men were taken to hospital : and the town looked as though it had been sacked. To pre-
de
o
Ex-Bailio John Andrews, of Paisley, has lived under five British sovereigns. He was born on the 18th of June, 1815, the very day the battle of Waterloo was fought.
Harvey's Yoker Distillery. Limited, has fallen on evil times. This com-
ê i
7 roadway. He did it for fun, but had the Coldstream to pay 30s for the caper.
4 i
4 4
4 9
ccrely hope you won’t, phi ne, III. come of him ?"
"Oh, well, there must be movement —promotions and all that. Perhaps he’ll be a partner. Mr. Waldo’s case is a precedent, and Mr. Dandy is getting very old."
• It’s horrible to be waiting for
That’s the worst
*
THE COSTLIEST WAR

4 9
assumption
of Imperial power, and lasted by land and sea until the Armageddon of Black I Waterloo, was in both senses the
dead men's shoes of thc army. Bob says."
"Bob's vour • brother—I Know him ‘intimately ; capital chap,
Bob 1"
"It’s odd that he never mentions your name !"
¦	Doesn't lie ? Well. It Is odd. seeing that I’ve been down to Aldershot to dine with him times out of mind; and he’s often dined with me ; I wonder he hasn't spoken of me.
"My brother does not keep me Informed of all his movements, or of
those of his friends."
"Has ho never spoken of Captain Wingspur—Mrs. Waldo's sou ? He 11 be Lord Wingspur."
"Very seldom.”
"Captain Wingspurs valry—the dragoons.- I’ve dined at my pet,” went on thc brute, exult-
their mess, too. Your brother's only |ngly. "You shall pay the penalty
¦	p	i should prefer the Qf your obstinacy."
' i " I He stooped over toward the burn-
4 4
know

grasp
1 will have one kiss, I swear," he shouted almost in her ear.
Help ! help ! Bob ! Bob !" It seemed natural to her to call for I her brother, although he was miles
4 4
4 4
away
The cost in treasure was Next is tho Crira-
There’s no one within hearing,
in the ca-
in the infantry. . ¦ ¦ ¦	¦¦¦¦
cavalry if I were in the service. |	¦
"No doubt it would suit you best ing, blushing face, and his mous-rcpiied Miss Surtees, with a tinge of tachios actually brushed her cheek,
voice that was quite when he felt a tight grip on his collar, and in another minute he mea-
The blood-
irony in her
ed
..prop,,
ioualy begun did not progrès» very Joséphine was too excited, too he wus
E# !¦! SIlillsEE:
id her dislike.	timoly succour*	the conquest of problem» in his ownj for mine.
But Sir Richard was os reticent as j Why, dear, what's tho matter with well-informed. He kept his] you? Bad news from your husband?
Oh, worse than that. He writes
The recruit proceeded to the guard-
thorn
shoulder, and quite carelessly drop- The most advanced savages in th4 pod them into a corner, treatment wor|d are the Hawaiian». 91 pe* which was cobsttucd as a slight, and ceut. can read and write; and of still rankles in the breasts of Black 5 337 landowners and farmers in th*
1 Watchmen.	islands, 4.717 are Hawaiian# ¦	- .
fell
room


###PAGE###8###






!
I
^ * ' I
¦m.
E. KODGiK

U
oUR

LEADERS.
A Genuine
targain I
For the next three weeks we will sell at cost and under the remainder of our Summer Footwear comprising--
English Worsted Suits, all colors
Imported Serge Suits, black and blue
20th Century Umbrellas at - -

PATENT ELATHERBOOTS
$15.00
A
)
SLIPPERS
TAN BOOTS
f
t
SHOES.
Everything* must Go
Men’s Black and Navy Serge Suits are always popular. We have had a splendid one this summer at $8.00_a real good suit for the money. But we have had a chance of clearing out a small lot (only 12 suits) from the manufacturer, at a reduced price, and while they last we offer them at only seven dollars
$12.50
to make room for a larger and better stock of
Fall and Winter Goods than ever.
$1.00

Look out for Bargains !
H. IVjcGUIRE.
SHAWVILLE.
OPPOSITE
PONTIAC HOUSE - -
N|. STEWART
MR
A Homble Death
District and Country.
THE ANNUAL FETE.
II
f,
k4
Halifax, Aug. 11).— John Sutherland, mechanical foreman in the HilMmough bridge construction at Charlottetown, met a it mb’e death this evening, lie was walking along th> engine dredge when ho was drawn into thi machinery and his body frightfully mangled. His head win crushed to a jolly. He was 50 years of age and belonged to Sîatertowo,
N. Y.
A portion of Vie drill haH at Ottawa was destroyed by tire on Tuesday and uniforms to the value of $3,000 was de stroyed.
James Bowie, foie nano faillies Bros’, raft, fell from a window in the Butler House, Ottawa, and ivciived serious injur es.
fi..*.	_ *. a I The Winchester Press tells of Mr. Wm.
bammer iime vara Jones of that place, an Old gentleman 85
Win m, Miltoy May 13, Ml. Krt.'ïîJÆS T™K
The Central Canada Exhibition Associa
lion will hold their
v
OTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN R’Y.
(Ottawa and Gatineau Railway.)
AT
OTTAWA
Only $7.00.
Blames the Farmers for Situation
—FKOM-
false teeth.
L ghtning struck the c ftin in which | was a little gill at Hanstou, Kansas, opened the metallic cotKn, and restored the supposed corpse to life. It is believed the girl was in a cataleptic stata.
P. M
45 A. II.
> \. M, rt.K» P. M.
i M. 8.10 P. M, 7.45 l\ M.
Train No* 1 Ieav< s Ottawa 5 Train No. 2 arrived ' i N
Train No. 4 arrives *
1 rain No. .11
Train No. ti 1
Train No. s .
Train No. 7 1
Trains No. 1 and 2 tlall Train No Trains N Trains N
SUS HARVESTERS ARE HAXUING R il'NI» LOOKING EOR WORK AND FARMHBS HAYE VIT DOWN TRUK OF LA RO R.
SEPT. 13th to 21st, 1901
This is the best clothing bargain we have ever been able to offer.
Remember only 12 Suits. Sizes 36 to 40.
es
Toronto, Aug. 24.—A Mail special from Winnipeg says: —(». H. Bradbury, | special travelling agent of the provincial government, returned tonight from High Biutf. Ho said : l ant Informed the farmers all over the province are lotting the harvesters hang around for days before engaging them. This is a small piece of b liait et*, and in bound to leact on tie
farmer. Weeks ago it v at doubtful j Special Attractions comprise Balloon \s.
< misions and Parachute Leap, Trained
Elephants, Slack Wire Artists, World-l'amous Dancers, all the finest specialties which money can secure.
ENTRIES CLOSE ON SEPT* IITH
« l
A. M
Tho Cold Medal Special 1‘rizv List is Lig ger and better than ever this year.
S-V) offered In cash prizes by the Massey-Harris Company.
The wife of J. Marshall Williams the
lames Mtth
and 4 ttaih 5 and d Sa
choirmaster of S Church, Montreal, who was dismiised for undue intimacy with his pupil?, lias se« cured a divorce from her husband.

For
P. W. HEKSKM AN.
Uen’ISup’t.
Premier Roblin of Manitoba, who is
visiting in Ontario, will bave this season	whether sufficient help could be secured;
a yield of 36,(11X1 bushels of wheat on his	these farmers wore crying for laborers,
1	farm in the northern part of the pro-	and in many cases offering forty and fifty
vince. It is not to be wondered at that	dollars a month, but as soon as laigj
I Mr.	bh‘>ulii put *	fight numbers began	induced by
a.m.	for lower rates than the farmers of the	ltrge wages, the farmers take advantage The spectacular in the evening will l„
Arrive Xtf |	West have hitherto been enjoying. To	of the apparent excess and refuse to en-
“	anybody having on hand 35,000 bushels of	gage a man until ready to cut grain, and
•*	8.58	grain the question of freight rates is an	then instead of paying good wager, offois
and engage men from twenty-six to thirty dollars per month. Grain is standing in < stocks, and farmers ought to stack it and give employment to men who have been wearily waiting.
Pontiac Pacific Jiictm E?
E. HODCINS & SON.
Official Time Table :
Aylmer tErec ken ridge t'Eardley Parker’s Crossing V Mohrs Quyon Wyman's tTaufc Bristol McKee’s Sbawvllle Clark’#
Campbell’s Bay ?Tank t'Vinton Coulonge •Mellon’s Waltham
5.45 Leave
representation of the “ Siege of Tien __ Twin and the destruction of the Boxer Stronghold. All the soldiers of the different nations will be correctly uniformed, and the representation will be the finest ever placed before the public.
6 00
6.12
6.18
8.50
6 26
exceedingly important item
8.40 8 22
44
6.37
6.47
Kingston, Ont., Aug. 21 —Sarr.oweels 8 08 ago Richard Williams of Lansdowne saw „ two men about his barns and when he 7[81 spoke to them and ordered them away 7.18 he got a reply that he had 14 Better shut up or you will smell smoke ” This he did 6.64 some days agi for his turns were fired and he was a heavy loser, hay, grain, im plemente, hogs, etc , being destroyed, His loss is heavy as he only carried $1, 200 insurance.
Cornwall, Ont., Aug 22— Dr. Thos Page, of Biockville, was run over by the Moccasin train at Cornwall junction last night and had one of his legs cut off and the other badly smashed. He was removed to the Cornwall General hospital and died this morning. Dr. Page, who was a son cf the late John Page, for many years chief engineer of railways and canals, stepped off the train at the junction, and in the act of getting on again fell benta’h the wheels wi:h the above result.
8.14
S. 56
• •
Harvesting*
Requisites
6.58
8.02
41
7.04
7.26
Immense Fireworks Display in connection
therewith.
SPECIAL RATES on all railway and steamboat lines both for visitors and
exhibitors,
For Prize Lists, Entry Forms, and all information, address the secretary.
7.45
r.oo
7.16
a 03
Smallpox Epidemic
7.06
8.12
8.30
SI
8.39
6.47
On hand at Lowest Prices for CASH
A starting condition of affairs prevails near St. Pierre de Wakefield, in the upper portion of West Templeton township.
A genieman, who was in that district last week reported to the Ottawa Journal that within an area of five miles around St. Pierre de Wakefield, there are some 35 cases of smallpox. Some ten families t. C. DATE, are infected, and unless steps are taken towards suppression, affairs are likely to assume very serious proportions.
It seems that the people who are all —
French, have, ignorant of the character of the disease, been visiting backward and forward thuspreading the disease, and are more or lei# intermingling,
Hamilton. Oat., August 22-Mi. Therei, no board of health for the di.-
E—EE—
B.'dn-'h, V.dlcyrleld eoaiin-te at Cot«u Junction, and had a row of bottles on » el.elf near Pl?"e ¦ "f.U th® new name for u#rnw«ti and point* .«t:	her bed. Oae of the bottles contained . »d°pted la.t year for the v,liage of Pel-
carcolic acid solatia:. ; and the theory	[ elh,ler " °“ “it aide of the
is that she took ill doting the night and Oat.aeau r.ver ab.ut lo miles aouthea.t
*4.00 F. M„ Limited—Stoi'i So, Indian, (lien Rol> reach'd down the wrong bottle.	fiom Wakefield. The people of thedll-
Aiexuiifiri» aud Cotvau Jane. only.	°	trust reach the front chiefly by the way
Arrives Montreal 6 40 p.m. Pullman Parlor Car	-------------- pAt* T«mnl«tnn
ll. trains for Port d and	n mMl lempieion.
all point# east of Montreal. For Valleytleld and ail point# south of the #t. Lawrence River, tit.
Albans Burlington, etc. Arriving Boston 7.00 a. m New York 7.20 a m. Has through Bullet Sleeping Car. Ottawa to New York.
Leave 6.:0
6A5 Arrive
•Flag Station, flank. I*Flag Station.
Connecting with Hull Electric Railway at Aylmer
Forks, Rakes,
Crain Cradles,
Crain Scythes, Binding Mitts,
Straw Hats,
And everything you require.
P. W. RESSEMAN,
GENERAL SUPERINTENDENT
WM. HUTCHISON, ex M. P.,
President. E. M< MAHON,
Sec y., 2B Sparks St*
Treaeurer
RAILWAY
l
NEW SERVICE MODERN EQUIPMENT Trains daily between
000
GOODS WELL BOUGHT, ARE HALF SOLD
Come and see us as we are sure to please you
000
To buy well, watch the latest prices and information in the special TRADE PRESS.
fhe Canadian Orocerand Storekeeper The Hardware end Metal Merchant The Dry Good» Review The Bookseller and Stationer.
W. ----- Rmmplma ?rCC
MacLEAN PUB. CO., Limited
Montreal and Toronto.
ARMSTRONG BROS, LADYSMITH.
train service will be a« follows
P. S.—Binder Twine—Plymouth Special.
bIS.CC A.M. Sunday# only—Stop# at intermediate stations. Arrive# Montreal 11.00 a.m. Pullman Parlor Car attac hed.

I"
lOHAWVILLE’S
V NEW
Tidings of a Missing Boy
Ottawa, Augnt~13~—Llewellyn Man-1	'""^m^vF. taken ivrio».
hard formerly of Richmond and Ottawa, MuUtmli Aug. 26.-Dr. Pelletier in baa been heard from after a laspe of 6ve charge of the provincial board of hta’th years. Hi. relative, had given him up bureau, when asked what the board for dead. He is no w on the bland of i,jng xbout the smallpox at St. Pit r e de ht. Helena, one of the guard that watches Wakefield said •
over General Cron je and his warriors. “Wt «re taking the usual method We He is connected with N >. •> O r.npany, |,avo Benl out our a88iBlanl inspector, L)f. \k >yai Garnetn Artillery. He	was	: Bonnier and he left yesterday.	He will
through the South African cimpaign,	and	immediately take charge of the	district
was wounded in the lung and shoulder Lld do what he t i,r.ke proper to stamp when near I retoria. lie was e evl11 | out the disease. Ho will report imme-weeks in the hmj 1 al at letoria.	diately to us and is authorized to	ask for
runner . fan hard, a ter leaving	mada	! a;| assistance which he may	need,
went to England, and wrote his people I
)re. Since that time he has never been I	~——¦*---------
heard of. He joined a military corps,
and it was only three days ago that a
le I r was received telling of l..s where-1 j l Hudson,an employee of the <
,ut1*	,	, .	,	_	taw a Powder Co’s factory on Cyrville road
(.unner Manhard is a nephew of Mrs. about five miles from the city wjs blown
Lyon and Mrs J. H. Shaw of Ehawville. | to pieces in an explosion which wrecked
**'	I the packing house and the mixing room
New Line to Temiscaming of that establishment about 9.80 oslock
----	; Monday morning. Two other
Toronto, Aug. 22 — A suitable location ; Fulford and John Cyrs, were badly in has been found for the first twenty miles jured and may not survive. There were of the proposed Government railway to j two explosions following close by upon connect Old Ontario with the Terni sea-1 each other, but nobody knows h >w the raing district. The location decided up- accident was caused. Hudson was work-on by Chief Engineer Russell starts at, ing in the packing house which exploded North Bay, and after skirting eistwardly first and only a few pieces of flesh, sup-along Trout Lake runs to the north in I p< ned to be parts of the missing man, the valley of the North River. The 20-'could ko found The other two were mile section carries the line beyond the I working in the mixing nom. watershed or height of land immediately | Hudson was a man about 65 years cf j north of Lake Nipiesing The line tra-1 age and formerly owned the pronei vorse a fine hard wood section of country : which the factory was bu It. He
1 married end had a grown up fami y
ab. 5 5 P. 31. Loral—Stops at Intenm-iliate stations An	: i
Junction for Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, Chicogt
SASH and DOOR
nnevts at Cotea
wai
vt
Trains arrive at Ottawa C«tarai Depot :
«12.20 P M. Lovai —from Boston, New York. Ww England and Montreal at 9.15 a. m. lias Pullman Parlor aud Sleeping Cars attached.
« 9.05 P. M. Local—From M- ntreal, and intermediate points, Cornwall, Kingston, Toronto, and points west. Has Pullman Parlor Car, Leaving Montreal at 5.45, p. m.
a 6.55 P; M. Limited—From Montreal leaving at 4.10 p.m. Has Pullman Parlor Car.
Middle and Western Divisions.
TO AND FROM THE WEST.
(Daily, except Sunday)
Trains leave Ottawa Central Depot :
8 15 A. M. For Arnprior, Renfrew. Eganville, Pembroke, Firry’* Bay, Whitney. Canoe Lake, Parry Sound and intermediate points.
4.40 P. M. For Am prior, Renfrew, Eganville, Pembroke, Madawaska and intermediate stations.
I.	00 P. M; Mixed Train for Arnprior, Renfrew, Eganville, Madawaska and intermediate stations.
Trains arrive at Ottawa Central Depot :
II.	10 A.M. From Madawaska, Pembroke. Egan-ville. Renfrew. Arnprior and intermediate points.
6.55 P. M From Parry Sound, EganviHe, Renfrew. Arnprior aud intermediate points.
8.50 P M. Mixed Trains from Madawaska, Eganville, Renfrew, Arnprior and intermediate stations,
OTTAWA TICKET OFFICES
FACTORY.
HAVE YOUR WATCHES AND CLOCKS REPAIRED AND GUARANTEED FOR ONE YEAR BY
0
In connection with my former hutd-ncs8 I have juat placed in position a set of first-class machines for the manufacture of all kinds of
Powder Mill Explosion
Sash,
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, Stc.
WHYTE, THE WATCHMAKER,
OPPOSITE PONTIAC HOUSE,
men, Jas
For which I am now prepared to receive orders aud guarantee first claws work.
MAIN STREET - - SHAWVILLE.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage In the past, I shall look forward to a future increase In business.
Central Depot, Russell Bosse Block.
JOHN G. ELLIOTT
Ttekete to Europe and all perte of the world by *11 A twice* ana Canadien steamship lines, also Cook's
a.	Trains run
b.	Sunday on.
ry tn
y ex’ept dunday 6, Daily.
wai
PROPRIETOR.
1 with good clay land


a


	
