###PAGE###1###

No. 43. 19ni Year.
S H AW VILLE, PONTIAC COUNTY, QUE.,
THURSDAY, APRIL 17, 1902.
$1.00 A Yeak
in Advance.
LOCALS THAT PAY
FIRST-CLASS
| FARM FENCING
ONLY_____
130 Cents per ROD.
All account* dut» me must I** settled 1* fore tbe l£4th of April.
Heed outre : . Capital paid up
OTTAWA, CA WAD A.
........12.000, (HH)
........ Uto.OW
II. Imimon, Photographe i
OP CANADA.
Heet
Monday#, Wednesday* and Saturday* —clearing suie days at Earl1*.
Baby Carriage*.—Several style** in stock at different prices.
Board of Directors :
Charlih Maoke, Esq., President. Gioroe Bay, esq..Vice-President.
Hos. Geo. Bittsos, J*. Jons	K*q.
Alm.Fhahek Beq,^rr-j^Tg
CAPITAL -RESERVE FUND, - 2,600,000.
- $6,000,000
»
for sale by
THl ONTARIO WIRE FENCING CO., limited,
PICTON, ONT.
Jaw Graham
Wanted !
For sale a new Wellington Bicycle, tint class in every respect, Will he sold cheap for cash.	11. A. Hoik.ink
Head Office» • Montreal,
GEORGEBURN D. M. FINN1E
Ornerai Manager .. .. Manager
Wanted A smart, intelligent boy to
I frame pictures at a very reasonable I lean the printing Limine**.
p,l«. C.U	I	A,„, ttTu tom Oto.
MoDfy loaned on approved «eturlly at I«« Go to ImKon's Art Studio for Photon, i —
faster E.-r,u,i«|THE NEW CROERY
Brandi.*'» !
IN ONTARIO
Keewatln. Krn.jtv lie,
Mattawa,
Ottawa,

SHAM VILLE BR4MII,
Alexandria,
Amyrior,
Afoamore,
Bracebridge,
f'ajletoa	do Bank St
Fla'f,	do Ridr*u8t.	Toronto,
OotKlrn,	do Honerwt 8t.	Wioel <*wt*-r
Hawkewbur), Vaukletk Hill, timitb’a Falla
IN MANITOBA :
Lanaik.
Parry Hound, Pembroke, Rat Portage, WinthceUr, Renfrew
«lo
Farmers notes bought and collected. Money transferred to all parte of the world
Any quantity of good
RAMSAYS PAINTS-the right Paint to paint right. See new picture ad. Inside page. For sale by O. F. H origins, Shaw ville.
AND
RAVINGS BANK.
A ©cour.4 • opened for amounts of one dol lare and upward# and interest allowed.
10 AM. to 3 p.m.
10 a m. to 1r s.
F. A. PARKER, Manager
MEAT SHOP.
Daeylilc
Winttii-tg,
Portage La Prairie.
IN QUEBEC ;
Hull,
Shawinigaa Iallé.
Agent# n Canada, New York and Cliicago-Bank of Montreal.
Agent* In 8V Paul—Mticbsnte Nat Rank;
Agents in London, Eng.—Parr'a bank Ltd.
Crockery, Glassware, Confectionery And Biscuits, will he sold at less than cost this w eek at
BUTTER and EGGS
(Comer Main and Plckanock Sts.)
Montreal
lactate
Office Hocus . Ratvhim y* . .
W. T. Earl 8.
Intending travellers should write J. R. Tierney, Arnprior. Ont., <)cean and Railway tickets to all parts of the world.
Two part barrels of sugar, two barrels rolled wheat and one barrel rolled oats, wil lie sold at less than cost this week at
_ W. T. Earl s.
I Having -reared a new and fresh stock cf GROCERIES people can rely on getting a good article. Intending buyers would do well to come and inepeet our stock.
We also hate on hand all kinds of fresh and salt MEATS, also BACON, LABI) and SAUSAGES.
A Call solicited.
LOCAL NEWS.
LOCAL NEWS.
for Cash or in ex change for goods at
lowest prices. Stock
AdviPtiMnand correspondents are reminded that we cannot Insertion of matter uni hand by Monday noon of each week.
For Sale, Cheap.—Good Milk Wag gon. Apply to
ure the
New Gallery.—Alter this week, my customer are invited to call at my new gallery, (opposite H. Matheson’e ) where I shall be in a better position than ever to execute their orders for any style of . * I picture desired.
,n	H.Nikon, Photographer
It Is In
Hamilton Strwap.t, Ix)t 28, It. 5, Clarendon
Police Magistrate O'Keefe, of Ottawa dismissed a case because the plaintiff, a French Canadian woman, peraiated L Minutes of Bristol Council are held i speaking French when she could speak over till next issue.	English.
Smart girl wanted to learn the mil linery.	Mrk. D. McRae.
H. A. HOGGINS.
Wanted
Buckingham
" Ping-Pong-the latest and nriost I Hereafter, Dr. Stackhouse, Sur- I	t0 r‘‘H« 125,000 fur macadamizing
popular game-now for sale at The Hmrtisb, will lx, at 8haw,ille on •“	ele
ZS B„d.„ April ,*», .	I SHAWVILLB COUNCIL
Caldwell, Vue.,t'i Mr.and Mrs.A. Horner, I oblige wry roach by calling early a daughter
A teacher for District No. 5, Thorne. Terra 6 month*. To commence May 1st, 1902. Salary 15 a month. Must have a diplc
Oma. A (id res*
S. M LOGAN. Thorne Centre, up till April 26th
now complete for the Spring trade.
wii, srfcTJTStS: % srStESsHs 5HF1"
ïWïÆit	= èaA-ïfi! r — - npc
",,i aXÎ'K:.'*. Th. B. B.'action.	2?,,^» ï
Dr. D. R. Martin, surgeon dentist,	.	^,IS Council, resecting Traders licenses
Ottawa, will be at Khawville for one The first meeting of the above named be rescinded —Carried.	A Female Teacher, holding a First or
week, commencing Monday, April 21st. organization for the current year was Moved by Uoun. Cowan, see. by Coun. Second Class Provincial Diploma, to take Following week at	Bn son.	Kindly call held at Radford on Saturday last.	There	Shaw, that	the following By-law, charge of School No. 4, Township of Sheen
early	"	was a fairly good attendance, and judg-	being By-law	No. 71 of this Council be f°r t*ie term of six months of one hundred
#####. me
ever, has not been favored with any to take part in a friendly competition on gmith ftnd G F H^lgins ^beine absent sold and ^2 0() for each horse* particulars of the happy event.	| the Radford range, on which occasion the after havin v d d n5jL	5. Vendors of farm products, not the
wos broken in the race.	erssre to be invited for the better and more . ¦N0'*» therefore, be it enacted, and it go-rounds, &c., who exhibit m their own
There was a good attendanceat the maple perfect equipment of the range, and also hereby enacted, by By-law of this tents $5.00 per visit; if in a rented hall sugar social held in the lecture room of for the privilege of holding refreshment LoTun£,14 M ^ Ia* No. a as follows $o <y) per visit.
the Methodist Church on Thursday even- booths thereon. At the private Satur- I I hat the following persons being 9. Carters, Liverymen, n t resident ing last, under the direction of the La- day practices above alluded to members resident or occupying permanent busi- within the Municipality, but habitually dies Aid A select	program	was render- are to use their own ammunition.	nest, quarters	within the limits of this doing business within the limits thereof
ed and everyone	enjoyed	themselves	    Muniapalny.	shall be compelled t<> Uke 8&.oo per year.
very much.	ut licenses, and the following fees be p). Commercial Travellers and agents
1 Talmage Has Passed Away. Charged therefor.	taking orders from catalogues, price lists
1. All general Traders including Liv or samples, and selling to others than eryraen and Carters, establishing them- traders, shall pay a license fee of $5.00 selves for the first time in the Village for t)ie first day, or fraction thereof, shall pay for the first year, or fraction and thereafter $3 00 per day or fraction Washington, April 14.—At 9 o’clock thereof, a fee of $10.00. and an annual thereof, on Saturday night Rev. T. Dewitt Tal fee thereafter proportionate to the | u. All non-resident traders or agents here a few days ago. The handsome niafie, the noted Presbyterian Devine, amount of business done by them as habitually doing business within the animal will be offered for service m this died at his residence here. It has been provided by the subsections 2 and 3 of limits of this Municipality, and notes-section during the present season.	evident for some days that there was no By law.	penally provided for in the preceding
a «<tni	Rat QnrUI	htdd hoPe of his recovery and the attending *• All persons doing a general business subsections of section II of this By-law,
A very success!	^	physicians so informed the family. The | cither as Merchants, Agents or Manu- L|ial|
in the Separate Schoo n	_ patient gradually grew weaker until life facturera, the turnover of whose business
e%1hSb	sisr
.	d . Th.i Mihs. h Dnll l Tbe immediate cause of death was in- busme»», as provided in the preceding shall be understood to comprise all per-
ltd by tlioe presen .	¦ ¦	“ ««urattinii of the brain. Dr Talmage subsection, the turnover of which is less	who have not resided for
“t n	„ th« rhi.f	was in P°°r health «hen he started away than 120,000 per annum, shall pay an twelve months' within the limits of the
and D"rocher .e e tlm dnef enterta,^ fmm Washington for Mexico for a vaca- annual license of $1.00.	Municipality as wcU as those residing
»h«	R.iriioninff	<.ff of	the	Ition and reat 8>* weeka ago. He	vis	<• All carters and liverymen, doing a	beyond the limits thereof, aud who bring
proceedings	the	u	8	,	®	then suffering from influenza and seriouB	general carting business, shall pay un an-	wares and merchandise or exercise their
provmon boiM-was perfumed .n an	coJjtiong Since hifl return nual fee of $1.00.	profession or calling within tbe Munici
Sen sS acLdJs chairman The * Washington smns time ago he has been I 5. All Doctors. Lawyers, Notaries, |«lity intermittently
amounted to *79 rluit® iUl Vntil Thursday, however, DenUsts, Financial and Insurance Agents [V. That in order to provide for the receipts for the ( «Ding am	$i . feare 0f his death were not entertained. »°d Journalist#, shall pay an annual fee proper assessment and classification of
At the last meeting of the Directors of	_!____	proportioned to the amount of their an business and callings prrvided for by
sr.ŸiZîrs”: »,	e*™., üJrs
Thursday thefirstdayid May at 2 p.m. British Columbia, on Monday.	per year.	same as shall enable tbe respective Uxea
No judging to be	made	or	prizes of-	Miss L. Dilworth left on Monday	for	n- That all transient traders and	provided for under tlm fly law to be
fered.	Montreal, to take the position	of	PersonH doing buaioew* within this Mum-	levied upon all such ; arsons.
This year also we have to comply with governess in the family vf the Rev Geo. c‘P,l,ty« but reside beyond thé limits Moved by Coun. Fades, see. by Coun. the rules of the Council of Agnculture, Smith.	therof, shall be compelled to take out Cowan, that By-law No. 71 be n ad a first
and hold our township competition for Mr. Thos. W. and Mrs. Wilson left on *‘ccnHeM ** follows	first time.—Carried,
the beet kept farms A list of prizes of Friday for Montreal,	1. All vendors of job or Imikrupt I|y law read a firtit time,
fered will be seen in our new prize list,	> f	stocks, whether ^originating within the	Moved by Coun. Cowan, sec.	by Coun.
which is now in the hands of the printer,	M,*Jennic ”^l"8rclurned flt>m	limits of this Municiiwlity or not, shall	Sides, that B? law No. 41 bo reads
and will shortly be issued.	New York o n y last.	pay a license fee of $100.00 for each such second time.-Carried
A meeting of the Directors will be	Mrs J. Alexander, lato of 23 Grant	stock	By-law rea t a second time,
held the same day as the Stallion show.	St. T -ronto, who has been visiting in) 2. All traders in novelties, confect-	Moved by Coun. Shi* w, wc.	by Coun.
No other notice will be given.	Qoyon, Bristol, and Onelow for the last ionerr, Ac., $1.00 i>cr day per stand.	Cowan, that by-law No 71 to* road a
E. Graham.	John YOCUM,	two months, leaves on the 14th to join 3. Medicine vendors $8.00 for the fiist third time and pa*wL-Larned.
8©c. Troas.	President. her husband in Arizona, where they in- day and $3 00 per day ora fraction there- By-law road a third time and passed.
El maids, April 7, 1902	'tend to make their future home.	I after.	On motion the Council adjourned.
Pasture for Cattle.
•laughters
(5
WANTED.
J. H. SHAW.
p s.
- Come here for Hardware.
Samvel Smiley,
Range 5, Clarendon
>


The handsome silver-tipped chestnut stallion purchased a few days ago in Eastern Ontario hy Messrs. C. Caldwell, of Bristol, and J. 0. McGuire, of this village, has been an object of some interest +o horsemen, since he arrived
-3<
THE GREAT PREACHER GOES TO HIS
REWARD.
When
Print Blurs

.When print blur#, irritable temper and general discomfort result
We positive l> cure this condition with
61
pay an annual license fee of $10.00, tied each person do not continuously
provi

:>c
\
» i

/
“THI DRUG STORE"
A. H. BOX
Optician SHAWVILLt




###PAGE###2###


1
or 1rs* vitality
» pair the general nervous system. As
& a rule the dairy mil n must rel.v upon1 ¦	n	A1
lhu common stock of the country on 'Sy l y —	V'e Lare«‘*«
the one hand and the t horoughVed	1 y 0 ustialia.
TWO GREAT CITIES
but rfTHously im
Lord Lisle died with his head pli-J | lowed on Palsy's arm ; his eyes,
___	A	unto the last. lingered on her	face.
2	a	fl	Kf"^v	t	Ho was confused in that hour,	and
?	B	Bl Zlh	B—4	H	<Q	5	C gZX Xl'^L	7	#*•	•	thought she Was Margaret, his	lost
e	I	1IC	ici Lcll	L/U W Cl	•	"<"¦ com° i°,cuh i,im
#r+4"*'
I FOR FARMERS


bull on the other for the base of his [^Melbourne has operations.	largest city of Australia.
It is useless to talk it bout the ex- phenomenal growth It can In elusive introduction of pure thor- pared only with Chicago and oughhreds to meet tho present wants Francisco. In ÎHMfi it had of dairymen
always i...n 1 hi
In iU com-
-Sae
1
X	Seasonable and Profitable
T	Hints for the Busy Piliers
*	of the Soil.
«*$*•* '-f; ••• 4-	-f ••• 4-*••4* •••	••4f
yi A week of gloom and sorrow fol-0 lowed ; the great house Was hushed
#	and still ; the sunshine was not
•	allowed to visit it ; people spoke in @ low. hushed whispers ; for he who
*	had been the loved and honored master lay dead there.
The day of the funeral came at last—a day of pouring rain. The long black procession wound its way through the dripping trees
nntut
xt as la it! down to l est
î
OR
;i nnma
1 he animals would he ahd fourteen inhabitants; in '|M«m it altogether too expensive, oven if it contained loi,0<m persons were possible to find them. Again, made Melbourne. l or ten rmtsecu-it may be doubled whether any ad-, tive years the gold'mine# from sixty vantage would he gained in the mere to one hundred miles to the* north production of milk over crossing of and northwest produced oxer SÔO-common Stock with thoroughbreds 000,000
The grade animal as a milker may many thousands of men required to Yon nsRn l,rovv v<lual to or	even	better than	mine	1 his treasure bought their	sup*
ln*	will	thp thoroughbred. The	only course	plies	in Melbourne and spent	their
for*the most of dairymen is to start money there. The city faced to the with a good herd	of unlive cows	north where the mines wen
having good dairy	types,	use n thor-	door	was on the sea
Hui I he gold mines of \ u lnri.i
lmvo lost their old importance. They are still productive, hut their yield is far inferior to that of the desert mines of Western Australia. Mel*
THE DESTRUCTION OF A PROUD SPIRIT.
• •
#*#.#*#*#.#*#**##*
Hold
HENS ON THE FARM
e
There is no lino of work on the farm that will give a more steady and satisfactory income than work of the industrious hen provided she is looked after ns she should he, writes Mr. Jus. (îrevn farmer if his hens pay and tell you he does not know, think there is one
I he
1TU.CED1NG pallor that fell over his face
In a few minutes Mrs. Wyvcvnc was
and Philip soon joined
SYNOPSIS
CllAlT'FliS.—Margaret Howard on the eve of departure to join her se- by his side cretly married husband, leaves her her. child with Susan Hivers ami is drowned at sea
child, Daisy, as her own. and dies, me again He. daughter, Margaret, alone knows aJon< Daisy’s secret
chilli, and ùïargarul. taking Daisy’s
birthright daughter, nephew, Philip true daughter,
Ob'
of gold every y cm
I’hi
even
vvmvd to weep ns Lon! Lisle
Mother,'* he said, "my wife Inis Susan rears the | been to summon me. l»o not leave
I want in sir Philip quite t ome back after that and Lord Lisle seeks his bring Ititu with you."
They were left together—the pre-. announces herself his maturely old man. whose life was She lulls in love with his rapidly closing, and his young heir. Daisy, Lord Lisle & whose future lav all before him. joins her foster-sis
After the funeral was over the will was read in the library, ' ho three ladies were summoned ; Mr. Kent, the lawyer, and a few friends of the family, were there. It was a just and equitable will, leaving, as matter of course, to l'hilip the entailed estate of Lisle Court and the | income derived from it. To his dearly loved child, Margaret Lisle, was he<pieated the three estates of llvlsmvir, 1'ndslvigh, and Thorne V0,1 To his mother the laic lord left X0,1 handsome income, and the same
I don t farmer in fifty
its hack
who can tell you just how many eggs his hens lay in a year, or how much ( money they have sold for
and a gnvTmany \ia ve"thoughl that HOLDING IT Till! MILK albumen would make eggs, but to A fresh cow that holds up hei
their sorrow in some cases there are milk nearly always provokes thereby >om m'	° -v ,ns'"g th<‘ largest
1 resource that made her great and
the wool and wheat trade is not like
oughhrvd hull and breed tip to the qualities desired.
Of late
his uncle’s side.
fixed
Philip kit'lt by The height, dying e.ves were intently upon his face.
lei
move dead hens than eggs	j an attack of garget and future Ions
The first reason hens are not pity- of milk all through the season, so . ing is n lack of knowledge ns to that the dairyman or owner of a ¦ to *" v ,.omlM‘nsate her for the «lev how to handle them for profit, Hals-	family cow should he on the watch	<l,milK mmiug	interests.
| ing and caring for poultry has to he	to avert the trouble. When	the calf j Wils !'MM 1,1	'	',1	lo ,lav<
learned, like anything else. Success	is habitually taken from the	cow he-	PnIm,a«ion
! is not	attained oif-hand. any more	fore it has had time	to suck,	the	IVv inter only
j thiui it	is in any other line of work,	cow will come to her	milk naturally	*°,,s ",,|V counted in the	city	and	its
Nearly	everyone thinks lie van raise	and without resistance and	this	*11 ' ,OMS
chickens, hut he is mistaken. It re- practice cannot he too strongly re- ,	", ,IH' in population is
quires study.	commended as a constant rule in the • nll v , tenipurai'y, fot
The next reason for non-success is	dairy. When, however, the	trouble ! ls.a w ,:v 1,(1	111	s 1 a 11
in the feeding. Almost everything	has occurred nml a remedy is	sought	lmm’1 s Ulvo ,Mvn	<*rawn
on the farm has more care in feeding we line! how powerless we are to
than the hen; old biddie must look strive with the natural instincts of m ,vv	M'adually he repl
lli,.,,) was	much	to	arrmnre	At	ont ,or	,l<‘rself. In summer she can	an animal excited to	stubborn	re-	permanent set thus.
1.isle’s	urgent	rennett	Mrs	<,n ,u‘,,vr than in winter. To have	sistnnee. Soothing	measures	and	Hie great city, however,	seems	des-
consented to remain for a l,ni|l,al,,v Uildie, to lav 1 .">() eggs perseverance or the use of the milk- J.11., s<>"11 °	preeminence
a year, she must have the	ing tubes is the only effective rem» ’ .N,,"v steadily Inert ing in pop
ulatmn: by the Iasi census it
only 42,000 under Melbourne's tig lires.
"Philip.” said Lord Lisle,
are my heir, and l have loved
l lie sight that greeted Ititu on her dearly, as though you had liven my |»ais\ return from the hall was not a pleas- own son. You care much for me. I j nut one. Philip sat between Daisy believe. Living. I have been and Lord Lisle ; they all three look- and indulgent to von
and were laughing you .• favor. Grant
will follow you
life. Refuse it. and I shall the mi
CIIA1TPH \\
Hie city
4t>0.89( Including the suburbs
101.000
I he annuity paid to Mrs. erne and Mrs. Markham was to he kind continued. All old servants and de-dv ing. I ask pendents were remembered, it. atul my
pet
ed very happy heartily at some of Lord Parvvv s blessing adventures
As she listened to the lawyer's through monotonous tones, Kitn sat like one " in a dream. The end and aim of [her life was accomplished. Her fraud had succeeded
pro
Victoria
Manx
She Weighed every word of Philip's happy greeting to herself
even affect ioiinte, hut there was not would do anything for you ha ! u hu h she lot d t «> heai
“I do not find Lord Lisle looking tinned, with a faint smih
said Philip to his cousin j put them to the proof.
' follow ing his arriva1 i <>
I lave you proud
aw,,\ bj
more flattering prospects elsewhere
it was Kind
IMy dear unci
cried Philip
there could he no
1 more danger—no more fear of dis-he con- covery.
"I shall
Remember \ our words
tret
\ TV well
I ask you Lord men would he Wvvcn to do
on I he day Hr seems weak and ill
do what sonu
lu‘\ ond all words
some time at least, at Lisle Court.
moiied	any change in	him *	Philip, when 1 am dead and	hurled—	Rita and Paisv were to renia in with
she replied ;	perhaps the when the time for mourning	is	past	her. Philip himself Imd had business	To	make	the	hen lay she	must	he	fed
rlimate	does not suit	lnm.	and gone, will you promise	me	to	m Scotland, and when all plans were	the	food	proper to make	eggs
I l'il ip	shook his head gravely.	marry my darling Rita "	settled to everybody’s satisfaction he	the	west	the	poultrvmen	are keeping
I four it is something more sc- In the hushed silence of that room went there lions t liun that, he said. I can- the words tell clear and distinct :	After t he vear of mourning
not tot get some words I overheard they smote Philip Lisle like the blow passed it was Mrs. W y verne’s inten him say to your foster-sister last of a sharp sword. How could evening. 1 do not like the worn ex- marry Rita when pression of his fare. The troubles of with all his heart ?
Ids early life made him old before his time.”
edy
wut
IIPNT VP POOP AND C\R1
No
TUP SHORTHORN
In
SYDNEY IS GROWING
The butter fat test alone is not tlie liens that will lay lïoo eggs each sufficientsays a well-known dairy-had a veal
while Melbourne is scarcely holding
are a main
her of reasons why Sydney will pro bnbly forge ahead and permanently maintain its lead among Australian cities.
If wo in this country have man our hens lay a 100 eggs we d,> well
he lion to take the two young girls to I believe that there were more hens cent he loved Daisy London for the season
"in arriving at the value of a A cow that tests only 3 per I I J	r and yields you forty pounds of
It was high that laid under 100 than over last milk will give as much as a thirty >t U	, Hum that Rita made her debut ; she year. How shall we keep her busy pound cow testing four per cent. And
She is very beautiful,	con-	was i o I » presented at the birthday in the cold days, when she cannot the one with the greater milk (low	One reason	is because Sydney	is on
wmmm mm m
llk0 ' ?;u,:;,1sT	1	lo IC- lo, “ "yvorne s surprise, steadily get it: that is better than nothing that will gixe ns $80 in factory but- lively little ports along this coast
c.nci' himself. Philip	said :	refused to make	any grand debut in	| think that to make a hen thrash	ter	alone, and 11,000 or 7.000 lbs.	and so Syd| -y is	a forwarding and
I ut m.\ dear uncle, it is	ipute	I lie gay world	her own grain is a better way The	of	skim milk for our stock. These	receiving port for	the trade of that *
possible, you know, that It.la	may	I will go to London with you. ' way I keep my bens busy is to give rows, besides all this, will give us	entire const.	Melbourne's commerce,
not be wil ing. She may cue	for	dear madame, she said. The truth a light breakfast, then scatter wheat calves that as yearlin,; stackers, will	on the other	hand, is largely	von-
Nome Olio else	.	1 ’"lll<l	. U' ,K' '‘urted	or any kind of grain all over the	sell	for 81 IS, $15. and SÜ0 each And	lined to the little	state of Victoria.
Ml"	1 ;lsv	end	, fimu you . but	1	think it would be	the floor, where there is straw for	the cost of raising these calves, aside	It is not a great	distributary
.	, lower, Philip ; let ino whisper some- absurd for mo to attempt to share them to work in to find th,
mmSÈmSÉÊÊËÊ&œm
SS..- ;>v- —	™ ~* 
l!(-1|||V	* Lisle and a gentleman ; it is
with voit. 1 know how those of mv
hvi
I'hlTO
own
cow
pushed
whose loss nearly killed him Imps this may he the reaction aftei too great a montai strain.”
Hut Lord
Pei
I .isle did not
either health or strength, and the first to propose thru
recover Rita re-
tv
grain, from the milk used, will not exceed in this respect Sydney has the advantage.
Then, again, Sydney fares the Pacific ocean with its myriad islands, whose inhabitants for 2,000 mile?
turn home
$5
«
carry on more or less trade with tin capital of New South Wales; hut Melbourne faces the Southern Indian Ocean, which is destitute of islands. and therefore the capital oi Victoria has no island trade.
Another factor to the advantage of Sydney is that the immense corn fields of Australia are at her verj doors and fuel is thus very onsilj and cheaply obtained to feed he* growing industries. Coal must lx carried a longer distance to Melbourne and thus her industries an placed at a slight disadvantage.
These are the most important reasons why Sydney has at last become the terminal point of all the steamship lines in the Australian foreign trade and why it is likely to take its place at the head of Austral urn ciU
<
water, if she run get it. Some do not give it till noon. (.'we
equal I
parts of wheat, bran, ground oats.
middlings
rz
he*
a balanced ration
n
safe
>

| cornmenl
! beef meal or scraps Paris boasts some of the most au-i then your hens will She 1 dm-ions thieves in the world, hut a
P«‘ameal and Feed warm,
I or many long
return they watched him fade slow iv and surely
weeks after theii
\ NICE SORT OF CURL
I
race love, how fatally and how well. Lying here on my death bed. lu.v daughter's secret troubles nu has not been very child
! *
there came to him
no

SUPPLY ALL YOUR NEEDS
violence or pain ; chi od gent l> awn> ed physicians in England stood by his I offside and did battle with grim King Death Rut lie was not to he baffled
life and strength The most f« nrn-
l'oor robbery just carried out at Vlncen-lies, near Paris, was really a nmster-
X handsome
nappy.
Oh. Philip, make it up Promise to love and care for
t
A third reason why the not pay is the lack of care and attention go a long way toward
success in the poultry
Ileus do
la i
Parti
well-dressed
piece
young woman knocked at i lie (loot of a villa
hoi
Promise to make her your deal honored wife
yard
Wi
and bogged protection
Uni. 1 h i • 11 * lut (I no words. With from tho master against throe twil-	* ox orv t liing is all right
iho-e pleading, dying	eyes fixed so	looking men whom she declared were	thc	,,ui,Umgs Warm and comfortable,
wist fully upon him. lie	could	sooner	following her. The gentleman readily	hit'(ls not too crowded, the sleep-
ha vv plunged a sword	in his	own	complied, and escorted the lady a I-	ing	rooms fr(‘° fv°m vermin, a dust
heart, than have said	still,	most i - • tho house where she said she	hath of dry earth foi
lived. What was his surprise on returning home to find his house had Let me ho been entered and thoroughly rnn-th«t | sacked during his absence. It is fully believed by the police that the woman was acting in concert with men. ns no one answering to her lescription lived at the address giv-
lie had marked his prey. During those long. sad autumn weeks two Events happened. Philip J.islo fell deeply in luxe with Daisy ; and Rita found that without him life and all it held was empty and dreary.
1 las nature no voice, no keen, unerring instinct ? XVhat was it drew Daisy, hour after hour, to that su k-1 ed ? Lord Lisle took all his medium* and nil his food front her, Rita looking on with calm indifference. She was his acknowledged daughter and heiress. All matters of love and sent intent were of no consideration.
Daisy stole gently into his room and watched while lie slept. Daisy sought the rarest fruit. prepared the richest cordials. As his strength declined. and the long night hours brought hut little rest, she sung, in that low, clear voice, the songs he loved and hushed him to rest.
When death canto very near it was i Daisy who knelt by his side and said the prayers her mother taught, her ; it was she who read sweet, solemn
CHILD’S FRENCH DRESS
4 to 10 Years
ies
Hie long-waistcd dress known as some lime and all kinds of grit and the French model, suits little girls good food properly br Inured and all I to a nicety, and is in the height of hens will then convince the mos present styles. The very pretty ex-sceptical farmer that they do The 250 liens at Maple Grove Foul- with try Farm last year laid 32.5nn^Hj^^^H about 130 eggs each, en, and they sold fot
dozen, which was $568.68, or $2 27$ mere, henriettn, albatross and sim-jof the people is lotimnsihlo foi per hen in eggs alone. The year’s pie silks are all in vogue for heavier 1 creasing Acridity of the complexion, account standss^^^^^^^^	frocks.	Before the advent of military dis-
$568 68 The waist is made over a fitted cipline on European models the Ja;>-17 65	lining onto which	the	yoke is faced,	a nose	were notable as the sum Rest-
38 17	but which can be	cut	away to yoke	necked race in the world, a firm of
62 50	depth when a transparent effect is	London collar-makers with a large
--------desired. The full portion is gather-	trade in Japan asserting that thir-
$087 00	ed at both upper and lower edges,	teen inches was the normal circum-
25 23	but the waist and lining close to-	ference of a full-grown Japanese
------get her at the centre back. The	neck. In a little over twenty years,
$181 77	sleeves are in bishop style with	owing to a more athletic develop-
I have	raised	100 pullets	and put	pointed cuffs, and over	the shoulders,	ljient,	the average Ims risen an inch
in the	place	of	the 102	hens	I sold,	finishing the edge	of the yoke, is a	and a	half. To athletic development
and	we	have	had	all	we	wanted for	pointed bertha that suits childish	should also be added greater avoir-
the	table	besides^^^^^^^^^^^l	figures admirably well. At the neck	dupois, inasmuch as a more generous
is a standing collar. The skirt is	diet and abstention from parboiling
circular and flares freely and grace-j is bringing its reward in nn nccumu __ ___	_______ ____ Ifully at the lower portion while the lut ion of muscle and tissue.
In breeding for healthy animals on- upper edge is Joined to iin* skirt, the !y henl!hy °,r vigorous females should seam being concealed by the sash.
and absolute cure forbear"	1',v lls,.'< am .	J.,uy sll<ml<1 ,,v usv(l in	To cut	this dress for a child	of	8
and every form of itching,	1,10 P1 imv OI	*lh 1,0* 100 Young nor	years	of	age, 51 yards of material
KSteSSSS:	‘Y1/'-	wLc^Tys^a/i^wMc. or 8?
hors what they think of it. You can use it and	should be	perfectly healthy and	yards	44	inches wide will he
get rour mone^ back if not cured. Wc a box. at	sound and	free from all constitu-	iiSB	** jjgPf	Witt —
all dealers cr Edm.nson.B.tk» £ Co, Toronto,	tjonal anU horodltary discus..
Dr, Chase’s Ointment perfections
winter
tst
he did not love her and never could ’Em
her dead mother’s sake pleaded the faint voice able to suy. when I meet hvi our child is happy.”
Still no answer came from Philip There was a fierce struggle in his tin heart, a mighty tumult that bereft him of all words.
TEPID BATHS FOR BIG NECKS
unple shown Is made of nainsook
yoke and trimming of lino The increase of stature among the eggs, needlework and is worn with a rib- Japanese is very perceptible, and the or 2.7n8 doz- bon sash; hut all washable materials substitution of tepid and even cold 21 cents a are equally appropriate, while cash- water for the hot baths among many
an in-
pax
n
Suddenly
warm tears fall, and the pah quivered like the lips of a grieving child.
upon his hands, he felt
lips
THE DOCTOR’S CONSCIENCE.
A famous London physician had a large practice, and it was his pride and boast that lie could feel n patient’s pulse, sound him with a stethoscope, write a prescription, and pocket a fee in a space of time varying from three to five minutes.
One day a man was shown into the consulting room and was rapidly examined. At the conclusion he shook hands with the doctor and said:—
“I am especially glad to meet you as 1 have often heard mv father,
speak of Ids old friend,
Sold eggs.......
85 chicks......
102 hens........
Value fertilizer
My only child. Philip Lord Lisle, “my only one !
Old and sorrowful, weeping and dying. Philip could not withstand it. Had Lord

said
Total....
Cost of feed
Lisle asked for his life then, In- would have given it cheerfully by far than lie
more gave the promise that wrecked the happiness of his life.
Profit
Hush
my dear uncle "it shall be as you wish, to make Rita my wife.”
A look of relief and ph «‘<1 over 11n- d>ing fate “God bless you, my dear boy !
I shall die happy now my darling in g ,i hand You will be kind i<» 1) tinned
lie said ; 1 promise
words, full of rest, peace and hope.
And then, in her heart, Lord Lisle’s mother would wish this fair, gentle girl were lier son's child, instead of the proud, hearty beauty who looked on so calmly as he suffered.
Death was drawing nearer. One night Daisy, watching by Lord Lisle’s side, read to him until his eyes closed and he fell asleep. She dreaded awakening him. The gray autumn evening closed in ; the firelight danced fitfully shadows on the walls ; stood upon a table near would not move lest the sound should wake the sick man.
He slept calmly for a short time, then a moaning cry came from his lips. She Inuit over, whispering some gentle words, laying her hands upon .....
the damp brow. She was startled to V .	.	, .	, ,	.	. .	.
set, ;r "" -...............«..Mm sseisrs.ti
he	ZZi¦¦V°" "r" *” * "" "" ""
come to me at last ? My darling Philip!	I
wife. 1 have pined and died for you.”
‘ You are dreaming,” said Daisy, gently. Do you not know me ? I am Daisy Rivers.”
A gleam of recognition came into his eyes.
.sure pass- Colonel
POINTS OF BREEDING
Di
he said I lea \ e
....Piles
let her live here with my mother until she marries.”
“I will
SHOEING A VICIOUS HORSE.
There is considerable risk incurred in shoeing vicious horses, both requir- the blacksmith and to the horse
./ To remove this risk altogether an Australian has invented a sort of wooden cage, the sides and top oi which are padded is led in, the door is fastened, anc the cage is then turned completel) upside down, the animal resting oi its back with its feet up.
1SV
he kind to Daisy.” Philip, hoarsely. He had not
to refuse his uncle's he could not turn a deaf to the faint, pleading voice, yet the giving of that promise made him so wretched
said
the
last
••<1, with $ yards of all-over lace era- itself lm" broidery, 3 of edging and 2A yards of insertion to trim us illustrated.
couru
in strange | wishes the lamp hut she
l
The excessive use of the male for JAPANESE SIGNS	i breeding purposes, either by placing
he would gladly have I	'	*	him with too many females or cm- Submarine divers find great diffi-
chnnged places with the man whose Nearly every shop in Japan for the ploying him too Often, is to he cure- cully in reaching a depth of over last hour had come.	sale of foreign goods is furnished : fully avoided. This will not only l:t(> feet. 200 feet has never yet
At Lord Lisle's wish he summoned 1 with a sign in a foreign language. ] weaken the organs and destroy more1 ^vvn achieved Rita and Mrs. Wyvernc.	No matter whether the language is
let me I intelligible, if it is only in foreign
Many of The all
countries Boot and Shoe Small or Fine Wares
The hoi st
said Lord Lisle
The Conductor’s Second Letter
Horee
shoe maker instruct by French horse leecji
.mu v.-n watch, I will buy; if you want buy watch I will sell
Old Curios'
Confirms His Cure of Two Years Ago and Proves that It was Permanent
—Warm Words of Praise for Dr. Chase's Kidney-Liver Pills.
never forgot joy and happiness that came into her j face him
the startled
Cut Hair Shop
If you
it Was a new revelation to
Yes
of C. P. H Conductor
well.
Many renders of this paper, and especially railroaders, will remember the _cure Berryman, of St. Stephen, N. B. In a letter received last week the conductor states that he is real and that his cure, after ten yearn of suffering with kidney disease, is permanent, not having had a touch ol his old trouble for tv<> ¦
Mr Berryman’s case was h a severe one, and him cure so remarkable, that many write t<> ask him about it. He never tires of recommending Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Pills, but, on the contrary, is glad of an opportunity to tell fellow-sufferers how he was cured.
In his letter of April 14. 1900 in which him case is described. Conductor Berryman wrote:—
”1 have been railroading for 23 years, and for ten years suffered from a severe case of kidney disease and backache, a trouble common to railroad men. It used me all up to walk, and after walking up hill I would have to lie down to get relief, my buck was so bad. I could not sleep more than half the night, and then didn’t seem to get any rest.
“I had used all sorts of medicines and ney-Livur Pills, made a complete cure
¦	NB Take her in your arms, Philip,”
at once said Lord Lisle ; “tell lier you will ......	..	, .	,	fill my place "
Who wan it Whispered to me ?" Philip bent over his cousin ; he asked. It was not you ; it was beautiful face, softened and full of Margaret my wife. I knew her tenderness as he had never seen it It	just the some tone before, was raised to Ills ; he touch-
in which she I>ude me farewell. Ah. ed lu-r brow with him lips l>ui*y. you did not sec her, but she - , will take care of you. Hit»." he has been near me."	said gently.
Nor could slip convince him to the |t was not a very enthusiastic contrary. Ucliewng it to be the do- wooing ; there was iio rapture on Itision of a dying man. she did not Philip’s face as he looked upon the contradict him.	girl he hud promised to make his
sir, we will, all will shop. Watchmaker"; live Country sea Marina”; the manufacture of all kinds of Hats and Caps
Come at my ‘Hatter Nn-“ Automatic of Nau-The house Build for
and best
her
NEW ROYAL BODYGUARD.
The Government are considering the desirability of establishing a Royal bodyguard of native Indian Cavalry, to be quartered in London. If an affirmative decision should he come to Sir Pert A b Singh, of Jodhpur. who has been appointed aide-decamp to the King, will he commander. Sir Foy tub is well known ini London society, where lie Ims become j an established favorite.
pretty badly discouraged when I heard of Dr. Chase s Kid-After using two boxes of this treatment 1 found it was helping me, and five boxes have ¦¦¦¦• 1 now rest and sleep well, my hack is strong, and the old trouble has entirely disappeared. Many people to whom I have recommended these pills have been cured. Anyone wishing further particulars write me.”
was
“She has been near me,” be said. wife.
“and I beard her voice.	Before	the Two hours	afterword, when	the
sun sets to-morrow	I shall	have	great change	came and Mrs.	Wy-
Joined her. Daisy, call	my mother,	vernc summoned Rita, she shrunk
and tell Philip 1 want	to see	him	from t lie sight	of death. Shi
now—at once !”	back to hoi
There is no doubting the efficiency of Dr. Chase’s Kidney-Liver Fills as a thorough cure for backache, kidney dise^e, and liver complaint. They have a direct action on the kidneys. liver and bowels, which is bound to
fBVfgorate. and regulate these Edmansuu, Bates and Co., Toronto,

went
room, and knelt with gray j hoi face buried in her hands.
One pill * dose, 25 cents a box. At all dealers.

organs.
Daisy was alarmed ut the

#


-
###PAGE###3###


* \

PEOPLE GREAT AND SMALL IN MERRY OLD ENGLAND
PRICE OF A PROFESSION".
INCOMES OF INVENTORS
and vertigo in your head to listen to her.
And when she come» into your house she declares that she can't atop a minute, but s'he will stay till sunset; most likely, and then she will be unutterably surprised to see how Into it is. And she will leave you with regret and the comfortable assurance "that she will drop in so mo time soon and tell you Just how it was that she got rid of her rheumatism.M
If there is any specie# of bove more German Pudding.—Soak a pint of tiresome than the woman who talks crumbed bread in a quart of milk continually about herself, then we for an hour, then drain as dry as most devoutedly pray that wo may possible and beat well ; now blend ho delivered from her ! to a cream half a cup of warmed buttw with the yolks of 11 vo eggs and add the carefully grated yellow rind of a lemon. At the last stir in the stiffened whites of the eggs. Put a thick layer of this mixture in the bottom of a buttered mold, then a layer of orange marmalade, and continue until full. The top layer should bo bread mixture. Cover, tie with a cloth and boil for an hour. Decorate with marmalade after turning out on a hot dish. This top dressing is greatly improved by mixing it with the juice of an orange or lemon.
The marmalade is supposed to give sufficient sweetness, but a little sugar may be added if wished. Eat with hard cr soft sauce, as fancied.
Golden Putter—This sauce is within the compass of any cook with n "lmnGk” anil is delicious with salmon or halibut. It is made as follows : Molt a tablespoonful of sweet butter and when boiling hot stir in en even tablespoonful of dry rice dour. Do not allow the butter to brown. Add gradually to the thickened butter half a pint of milk ; when thick and smooth add this to the yellow only of two eggs, which should to in readiness, well beaten,
In a bowl. Do not cook after the eggs lire added Season to tn.stc and always pick out for this sauce eggs of a deep yellow.
!
*#*#*#*#*#«#*#*#*#*#•
Many of Them Have Made Larg
Fortunes.
FOR ™ HOME i
-----------------.#
Recipes for the Kitchen. • Hygiene and Other Ndtes 2 for the housekeeper. 7
GOSSIP ABOUT THEIR DOINGS
AND SAYINGS.
NEWS BY MAIL ABOUT JOHN BULL AND HIS PEOPLE.
WHAT IT COSTS FO* EDUCATION IN ENGLAND.
Some of the largest fortunes appear to have been derived from the invention of trivialities and novelties, such as the once popular toy known us "Dancing Jimcrow," which lor several years is said to have yielded
Characteristics and Peculiarities of Some Well Known Personages.
Occurrences in the Land That Eeigns Supreme in the Commercial World.
Army and Navy—Law and Chinch —Heavy Examination Fees.
Princess Charles of Denmark is ai %
clever carver in wood, and ono| 1 he first of Earl Grey's -public
pastimes is carving j bouses under his trust scheme has
her Just been opened at Amble
:
Unisse you are prepared to spend its patentee an annual income of up- nt |caHt £800, it is no use thinking ward of $75,000. 'J he «ale oi an- 0f (jlc naVy as a profession for your other toy—"John G il pin "-enriched goll> Hays {he London Mail. Yet the its lucky inventor to the extent of navy jH decidedly one of tlie less ex-$100,000 a year ns long as it con- pensive of the great professions. No tmued to enjoy tho unexpected pop- gpecial cramming is required forth® ularity that greeted it when first placed upon the market
very
of her favorite pipes. These husband and cousins who are smokers.
Signor Diamnnti, of youth of twenty-two,
bicycle along the embankment of the a license
Tiber, plunges over the edge, still Sir Thomas Godfrey Carey, bailiff seated, into the river ninety feet be- or chief magistrate of G rnsey has low, and then swims with his chine to land.
The Duchess of Northumberland is Mr. A. S. Lambs, barrister, of the possessor of a shawl which once Southampton, whose death took belonged to King Charles X. of p]ace recently, is reported to have France. It cost 500,000 francs loft £0o,000 to Charities.
(9100,000), and is manufactured from the fur of a species of Persian The coat of this cat is so fine that a single hair is scarcely perceptible to the naked eye.	fl ...	. . „	.	. .
t«, c,..n...... „...	- ,„x
diamond down by tt train at Camber ley. Doth
her legs were cut off.
she presents to 1 ¦¦ several of her male, Newcastle
near
CHOICE RECIPES
j At Butli, W. Gulliver, manager ul Rome, aja working men’s club was fined £50 rides
his and costs for selling liquor without
. simple preliminary examination, Mr. 1*1 imp-1 v*hich |8 held three limes in every ton, the inventor of the roller skate, y(,ur an(| the candidates for which made |1,000,000 out of his idea, and must be bet ween 14 and 15*. The the gentleman who first thought of expense begins after passing this explacing a rubber tip at the end of ! amination. The yearly fee for cadets lend pencils made quit surn om» a| aboard the Britannia is £75, and be-year
pro vement
HINTS FOR HOUSEKEEPERS.
Whites or yolks of eggs can be kept*for soverul days in a cold place if kept closely covered from the air. The yolks must bo covered with cold water to exclude the air and prevent the formation of a crust. The water pours off readily when wanted.
Chicken and turkey livers are esteemed great delicacies by many. To prepare them most acceptably, cover them with cold suited water and change it once or twice. When wanted, drain, wipe dry, roll in Hour and fry in a little fresh butter, keeping them covered while cooking. When browned all over, add a small quantity of hot water and let simmer on the back of the stove for fifteen minutes.
Always put onions on to cook in plenty of cold water. This prevents them from turning dark. To peel onions without tears remove the rough outside and hold the union under water. Have enough water to cover onions, knifo and your hands.
ma-
announced his forthcoming retirement from office.
i
by means of his simple im-| gjdes that the parents must pay Mr
washing, pocket One hundred and
their son’s outfit,
When Ilarvey Kennedy introduced | money and extras. I	I ¦
the shoo lace ho made $2.500,000, ten pounds a year is the lowest pos-und the ordinary umbrella benefited! B|b|e outlay for each of six people by as much as $10,000,- years spent aboard the Britannia 000. The Howard patent for boiling training ship, sugar vacuo	a
vestment for the capitalists who wora j through successfully, only becomes a able to remunerate the inventor on | midshipman on the utterly insuffi-a colossal scale. It is estimated cient pay 0f £31 ifis. ed. a year, that his income averaged between jt j8 not until he becomes a lieuten-$200,000 and $250,000 per annum
Mr. J. W
Woodstcmcvoft.
clerk of King’s Lynn, has been appointed town clerk of Guildford. The salary is £450.
town
the two
cat
Even then the hoy, if he gets
Persia are worth many Among them is tho sister to tho Koh-i-Noor (Mountain of Light). It is a huge diamond inch and a half long and an broad, but not very bright, pardonably be mistaken
glass. It dates from 3000 B.C., and I An old lady named Mrs is called the Laryn-i-Noor, or Sea of | was burned to death in her bedroom
at Leicester
ant at £182 V>g. a year that his Sir Josiuh Mason, the inventor of|pay j8 sufficient to live
tho Improved Steel pen, made an|im allowance becomes unnecessary enormous fortune, and on his death
The Greenwich Borough Council inch have been forbidden by the Home and j Secretary to ffy the royal standard for I over the municipal buildings.
an
upon, and
ARMY AND NAVY
English charities benefited bv many millions of dollars. The patentee of
the pen for shading in different col-,	.	...	»,
ors derived a yearly income of about Youngster is naturally extremely
$200,000 from this ingenious con- clcvf a co,,Pl1' of >’ears af a trlvance. It is stated that the I s arc a necessity. Tim cost of
these two yi , varies between L200 and £700. Even when the extremely difficult examinations are passed, and the intending officer has entered Sandhurst or Woolwich, his parents arc only on the threshold of expense. For the sons of civilians the expenses at Sandhurst are £150 a year; officers’ sons get through at a reduced fee of about £80 bargain there is the cost of outfift. This means at the very least £100, and more often double that sum. Uniform, books, etc., mean another £35, which is paid at entry
J antes
The navy is, however, cheap corn-
Unless a
pared with the army
A cinder is supposed Is I to have ignited the bedclothes.
Light.
King Khoulalonkorn of Siam
Asiatic monarch unusually I An inquest was held at Bath last
i at Bangkok week on the body of Mrs. Reynolds, has been fitted lip with electric light ltvndlady of the Railway hotel, who and all tho newest improvements, drowned herself in the Avon.
He has even imported a number of Tho infirmary Committee of the phonographs, which delight his car Wandsworth Guardians informed the with choice musical selections. 1 iaj noar(j t}mt they had ordered a "ping
Majesty can speak English am sf,V pong" table to be made for tho use erai Continental languages with
fluency.	I	King has been pleased to ap-
When he was a young man Mr. qvc ^ the appointment of Vico-Krugcr was wiry and strong as a Admiral Sir Harry Iloldsworth Raw-lion. Hearing one day that three of |	%.C.H , to bc Governor of the
tho fleetest Zulus in the C olony were |	of New South Wales.
In a restaurant where, as she said, eighty. Ho covered tho course in j flagship of Rear-Admiral Bedford, all tho profit lay "in how to slice twenty-four hours.	Pte. Preston, of tho Plymouth Divi-
thin," who was complimented upon Th0‘food intcnded for the table of «ion of the Royal Marines, was sen-the acceptable manner in which she	Sultun of Turkey is cooked by fenced by the court-martial to three
sliced cold meat for tho family din-	man a!1(1 his assistants, and no years’ penal servitude for striking
ner. had learned, though inadvert- others nro allowed to touch it. It Lieut. Tolley, of tho Royal Marines, ently perhaps, tho secret of true K prepared |n silver vessels, and j A cabman of Lower Kennington, economy from more than one point Whcn done, each kettle is sealed by I who was found drowned in the °* v*ew<	I a slip of paper and a stamp. This Thames, left at his lodgings a paper
Is broken in the presence of tho Sul- on which was:—"No money;
NEW AUSTRALIAN INDUSTRY. | tan by the High Chamberlain, who friends. Tired of life after forty
takes one spoonful from each kettle I years’ hard work."
His Majesty	it. The! jmm¦¦
object of this proceeding is to guard | ha’~ against poison
for an advanced. His palace
wooden ball with an elastic attached yielded over $50,000 n year. Many renders will remember a legal action which took place some years ago, when in tho course of the evidence it transpired that tho inventor of the metal plates used for protecting the soles and heels of shoes from wear sold 12,000,000 plates in 187V, and in 1887 the number reached a total of 143,000,000, which realized profits of $1,150,000 for the year.
The lady who invented the modern baby carriage enriched herself to the
extent of $50,000; and a young lady, ,	, ,	,	,	. -
living at Port Elizabeth South Af.I Pay °f an Infantry subaltern is 5s
rlca, devised tho simple toilet re- 3,1 ' n ^ , As "Ie88 -xpenses rarely son'^lroÏTom01whîch she' derives Plai,llv evide,lt <liat £12° at 1,a8t. ™
lîT.tœjïs
sct'ardd mV.îëTfortÜne '"out'oMt! "|inim",,n of ',ri'ate means ,0r a raVJ
Blilillll
seen by the complicated mechanism'tain can 1X1 on 118 p
At a court-martial held at Chat- of her machine for making paper able seaman named O’lUor- bags. We are told she refused $50,-dan was sentenced to eighteen 000 for it shortly after taking out | the biggest prizes
hard labor and dismissed the patent
REAL ECONOMY
People's ideas of economy differ widely. True economy does not consist In going without, but in using what one has in such a manner as to secure the most from it. That woman exercises the truest kind of economy who, having a limited quantity of potatoes, pares them so carefully that the supply lasts seven days rather than she who from paring them lavishly, is compelled to go without the seventh day for lack of material. That waitress trained
of the nurses
Into the
Sordlngs in Cover—Choose sardines of good size and firm quality. Scrape them and carefully remove «Jio bones, but keep whole ; stuff them with mushrooms chopped fine and seasoned with pip pet. shit, •thyme, sweet marjoram and parsley blended together with a litCfo cold brown sauce. Wrap in paper, fasten the ends well and put them in the oven just long enough to heat. The brown sauce is made by allowing the butter to become a dark color before adding tho flour.
Fried Celery—For toothsome morsels that fairly molt in the mouth celery, cooked as follows, has the first place : Boil until partly cooked, but drain while still firm, cut in convenient lengths ; when cool dip in batter, then cook to a golden trown in deep boiling fat. There is a secret concerning tho batter used for Immersing purposes that is not generally known ; expensive cook books tm\u n provoking way of commanding “rnako a batter” and not one word in the whole book to tell how. Croutons, French toast, egg and oyster plants, bits • of cold cooked cauliflower and the like have a crispness and flavor all their own when tho hatter is properly made, and ns the process is simple and the Ingredients inexpensive the following should be pasted up in every kitchen :
Batter Recipe.—Beat tho yellow of two eggs and add to them a half cup of cold water; use this to stir a cup of sifted flour into a smooth batter. If rather thick use more water, add half a teaspoonful of salt, and without fail a tablespoonful of olive oil ; l>ent briskly, then stir in the stiffened whites and put aside fur a few hours, for, although it would'spoil over night, it will not give proper satisfaction if used at once, which is part of the secret. Remember that half a cup of water will bo too little for the average brand of flour. A scant cup seems nearer right, but flour differs so much that "judgment" must be used.
Tho
no
Australian meat we know, Australian wheat wo know, but it will come as a surprise to most people to learn that tobacco is a product of tho Australian soil. It is. however, and the industry is likely to develop I the life considerably In the near future. The hoard. Fifteen years
•plant has been grown in one or two there was a crowded political meet- At South Pit, Plymouth, Merthyr, of the States for some years, but ing in Liverpool, and Lord Charles, L young colliery laborer was about more as a hobby, and the limited who was one of the speakers, step-1 to ascend in the cage when a small
has been disposed of lo- ped on to the platform. Instantly	down	s^1 a'^
rally. Recently, however, more ser-	there	was a scuffle at the rear of the struck him on the head and killed I The largest family in Pennsylvania j must be made as sccuritygg	|
ions consideration has been given to	hall, and a man was seen struggling , him.	, was born at Mountain Top, near mission to such an inn	ns Gray's
the raising of the "weed” in the	to push hia way to the front.	Let	^t, Hastings Quarter Sessions Her-	Wilkes-Barre, and still lixes there. |	£39 13s. 6d. is the amount, called
State of Victoria and the results	him come forward,” shouted	Lord	bert Brewin Noble was sentenced to	The mother, Mrs. Samuel Swart-	for. and when the student is actual-
have been eminently satisfactory. It	Charles, "and wo will listen to	L	lvo months> imprisonment in the	wood, has borne twenty-nine chil-	ly called, a further sum oi £89, 2s
has been found that the soil is ex-	him.” The man rushed up on	the	!	Qnd divjsion for robberies. His	dren and twenty-two of them are	4d. Twelve terms must bo kept and
coptionally favorable to tho plant, platform, and then it was discovered .^e wag ^at ho was a somnam- living.	j six dinners eaten during each at a
and the prospect is regarded as ex- that he wanted to shake hands with ,nljjgt	j Mrs. Swartwood naturally has ad- cost of 3s. Cd each. Besides these
ceedingly promising. The first con- the speaker. lie was tho sailor John Thompson Hall, ex-magis- vice to give to mothers. In the first expenses there is a fee payable for sign ment was placed on the English whom the noble speaker had saved	Qf Darlington, bankrupt, had placo she advises marriage very coaching with some hamster and tho
market a short time ago. The to-	from drowning fifteen years before. Ljg bUc lamination	concluded at young, She was married when she | cost of living for three	years Be-
bncco is said to compare very well	shortly after Mr. Wilson Barrett Stockton-on-Tees and	was removed was 14. Here arc some of her max-. fore a man becomes a	full-fledged
with that grown in Virginia, and its joined the theatrical profession he I to Durhal gaol to complete a term imsi for mothers :	barrister his education wiU have
success is practically assured.	| became a member of a company per- of five years’ penal servitude.	! Work hard and always be chceiful. cost in the neighborhood of £-.0 >.
...........
sr &	%%.............
EH5s	E, H EEEFivs -'EFE-CEH’EEpK Ss sr....................................................... | H ELi
to be desired than an ornamental was leaving the theatre one of the! \°™ardx9 ,a,llf°	it.I Do not mind what, furniture you] case only £110. But these do not
one, and they arc goipg in for pro- scene-shifters grinningly accosted Aldershot	mnrk of ' havo if you caD f,H thc housc Wlth I include education, which must bo
One of thcii*	"Sure, it's got about J? Ladv Audicy	children
Women, already has a membership Fenian named Barrett had that their bchair'	.	. there is not enough left for the baby. Guy's this is £150; at the London
of 10,000 women in towns and vil- morning paid the extreme penalty of The death is announced at Stock- Lots of nir, lots of sunlight, lots| hospitals 120 guineas.	I
I ages throughout the country. The the law.	Port of Mr. John Owen, who was | Gf food and lots of love are good for,	ORDERS
Empress of Japan, who started the	n	. p IIMinntn {Q	known by thc appropriate name of children.
women’s club, is flattered when 9 ^uecn of Don mama is nc j * 'Old Mortality.” Like Sir Walter The Swartwood children all live at :	As for thc church, it is certainly
friends from the West tell her that	2: tho m?1s.t I(M”arkn , c WOJ?OI\	111	Scott’s famous character, Mr. Owen	home.	Tho dining room	at meal	not fair to class	it with moncy-mak-
she is in almost every respect a ver-	ruro.pe:	,0 ,tukcs a vcry ^°sc	11 !™, devoted all thc leisure of a long life j time	is a sight to make	a census	ing professions, nor to point, to an
itttble European. It is her one de- |	cr?s,t 111	R,V .	. people, both nig *	l0 preserving the precarious records	taker	glad. Quantities of food suffi-	archbishopric at	£16,000 a year as
sire to bo thought so. She dresses	nI?d law*	Her orphan homo at	e -	of thoRO wbo had passed away. He	dent	to make thc average	house-	a possible prize.	Yet, as thc church
like a Western woman	wied has been for years suppoi e( 1 revelled in gravestones, parish regis-1 keeper gasp arc consumed at each stands as a possible profession for
a collection of dolls which Her Mu-	and nll kindred records of hu- n;c i, but Mrs. Swartwood takes I one’s son, it is well to count thc
jesty gathered together through her I ,lveg	, great pride in it.	cost of entering it. Tho usual course
own exertions. Just now tho	link with the old Chartist move- "They are fine eaters,” she says, | is through a public school like Marl-
** ¦pH
plets. still await the approval of as they began to grow up and help pany gets £800 to £1.200 a year. Parliament.	| mo it was much easier.	while a beginner will hardly make
"Tho chief difficulty was about less than £120 a year. A boy usual-clothes. They take a lot and clothes	jy enters upon his apprenticeship at
cost money. At first Sam and T had	15 or Iff years old for a teVm of live
hard work to get enough for them,	years. Thc premium is fairly heavy.
In accordance	with	instructions I but once started we used the clothes	such a well-known firm as Crompton
Home Office	treadmills	and	for all there was in them, and I have	& Co., of Chelmsford, charging £300.
cut down and refitted them like a	There are also, of course, living ex-
penses to be considered.
In the business world a boy of 17 who wishes to reach the stock exchange will have to pay a premium of £100 to £500 to enter a firm belonging to the "House.”
Perhaps thc cheapest branch of business to enter is banking. Schools for such a profession need not exceed £20 n year, and remuneration, such as it is, begins at once on 011-
LAW AND MEDICINE
To turn to civil life, thc bar offers
Education for the
an
Lord Charles Beresford once saved months'
of a sailor who fell over- from the Royal Navy for striking his
afterwards superior officer.
bar usually means a first-rate school and thc university—say, eight years at £150 a year, or a total of £1,200. Then, after passing the necessary examinations, comes a series of heavy fees. Upon entering one of thc Inns of Court a deposit of £50
On ad-
A BIG FAMILY A BLESSING
So Says Mrs. Swartwood, Looking Back on 29 Children.
,
i
I
?

CLUBS FOR GKISIiAS
three per cent, of doctors ever roach
At first sight the education
good, and cannot be put at a less
ABOUT IIEHSELF.
Tho most tiresome woman on earth U tho woman who is continually talking about herself and her family affairs. 'And no matter how badly you hate to listen to her, no matter how you writhe in spirit, and wish her at tho bottom of Salt Lake, you have got to listen to her, and pretend to bo interested you are under an,obligation	for
politeness* sake to put in the "Oh s' and "Ah's” and the "Well, I declare V* in the right places.
escape her any more you cun escape death and taxes. And you need not attempt to knock her off the track by introducing some topic of her own, for she will not allow it. She knows what she wants to tell and she is going to tell it. You can interpolate something about yourself, and thc instant you stop to catch breath, she will get right on with tho main question, just ns if you wore in British Columbia.
To her, there is nothing in the world of so much consequence as herself and her affairs. She will tell you how she makes gingerbread and how she stirs up fritters, and how she .sows buttons on Johnny’s knee pants, and how much she pays for steak, and where she buys it, and how she likes her baked beans rook-ami what her husband says about the butter, and what she ie~ plies, and what all thc children say on tho same subject.
Generally she is a woman who has diseases of some kind, and always has them much worse than any other person ever dreamed of having them. Apparently, she has patented 1 copyrighted and trade marked all her diseases, for she speaks of "my” cough and "my" rheumatism and "my” dyspepsia, and let her onco get upon that subject, there is no limit to its possibilities. She will give you the most minute particulars as to how she was taken, and how the sickness progressed, and what the doctor sold, and what the nurse
operated, and the whole tiling will \ Ivldly described that almost have lumbago in your back
At
And
BRIGHT EYE-GLASSES
Wearers of eye-glasses have noticed liow they become dim with moisture when subjected to a sudden change of temperature—ns, for instance. when thc wearer goes from the cold outer air into a warm room.
The reason is, of course, that the cold glasses cause a condensation of the vapor with which the warm air is laden, and thus becomes coated with little globules of water. This
may bo prevented by rubbing the Dr. Lnpponi, the Pope's physician glasses with soap every morning, gives an authentic account of They may be polished bright after routine of the Pope’s life. Leo XII1 tho soap is applied, but an invisible rises somewhat before nine, and film is left on them that will prevent after celebrating Mass, partakes of
-o' I 'mm half-past nine unt
one he receives visitors. Dinner is at two, and consists of a little soup, a little white meat, a little fruit, and a little claret and water, except on fast days, when fish and green vegetables are substituted for flesh. After dinner tho Pope reads tho papers—or, rather, tho cuttings made from them for him by his sec,	rotaries, l un four till eight he
level crossings must have an unin- writcs letters mid attends to current terrupted break for nt least eight or bugine8s. At nine he supa „IT n bowl
nine hours. One hour is to bo al- f	and n boiled egg. and about
lowed for meals nt midday, and each e1evcn ho , to bed. is to have one day or two hull-days	g
a montli free. Employes are forbidden to work more than two months consecutively without at least one day's holiday
allowed ninety days to introduce the new system.
You can’t than
Already the
the
tho deposit of moisture
END OF THE TREADMILL
RAILWAY EMPLOYES
from the
cranks as forms of hard labor are
and these will be abolished as soon I know and they dont, as satisfactory substitutes can be
The treadmill, which was
('ubii (, of
was first set up in thc
Thc French Minister of Public-Works has prohibited French railway companies from working their men over twelve hours out of the twenty-The signal-men, switch tend-t rack men, and watchmen at
the
ed
four
CIS
»
provided
the invention of a Mi I .o west oft,
Brixton House of Correction in the
ONLY LADY POLICEMAN
There is in thc world one lady poll	WÊÊÊ¦ ¦	I iceman. Miss Helen Wilder did not
year which immediately preceded the become a member of the police force accession of Queen Victoria.	| 0f the city of Honolulu in order t .>
gain a living. Her father is one of the great sugar kings of the Pacific and worth several millions. It was Divorce is very easy in Turkey,and I her love fof* children and animals (loos not require a judge and jury to that prompted this pretty young settle	the matter.	All that	is	neces-	girl (she	is now only twenty-four) to
sary	is for the injured	party	seek tho	appointment.	She is a
nay. . "1	divorce	you”	mounted	officer, wears	on her soft
three	times, and	the deed	Is	done. | felt lint	the silver star	which is the
The husband has to make his wife n j badge of her calling, and carries a
Revolver,
an
try
REWARD FOR INDUSTRY.
A Yorkshire firm of manufacturers have decided to grant twenty-aoe days* pay to all employes who qualify for seven days' holiday Fhc Shipping representing a record to-1 conditions are that not more than tal of about 1,732,000 tons was three days during the year must be launched from private shipyards in lost by a workman's own neglect, ex tho United Kingdom last year. Only elusive of illness, leave of absence, 58,000 tons represented sailing vos- etc. Koarlft 3,000 men are employ* sels._____________________ed in the firm's works. -________________
The companies are
DIVORCE IN TURKEY
8 cubic feet of snow, when melted, make I cubic foot of water.
Decimal fractions were first. Invented nt Nuremberg in 1436.
There are 227 different religious sects in Gre*t Britain and I Viand.
The heart does daily work, rquiuiU ent to 121 foot-tuna.
to
and how the remedies
allowance and all is oVer.
you
be se
proper
t_
###PAGE###4###
’ -
-


Tariff of Tolls
THE EQUITY.
MASSEY-HARRIS
SMART & SMITH
SHAWVILLE
Buy your Seeds now
To be collected during Season of 1902 by the Quiqze Rapids Improvement Company, Limited,
WARE-ROOMS
SHAWVILLE, APRIL 17, 1902
ran?
a
<#
8
One half of the Canadian teachers who go to teach in South Africa will leave by the Corinthian at Halifax on the 14th Inst.» and the other half by the Lake Ontario from St Jihn on the 18th inst, There aro forty teacher» in all.
Our aim has been to secure the very best
Just Received I
A Car-load of
The Celebrated Gray
Carriages
Sawlogs 17 feet and under in length per thousand fvet board measure..........................
Red and White Pine, Ta manic, Spruce and Hemlock, round or Hatted, over 17 feet and under DO feet long, per thousand feet board measure ................
Red and White Vine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, round or flatted, 30 feet long and upwards in length, per thousand feet board measure ...........
Red and White Pine, Tamarac, Spruce and Hemlock, square or waney board, per thousand cubic feet
Field and Garden Seeds,
0 cents
The Ives ministers are travelling through *• New Ontario " on railway lines built seventeen years ago, chiefly through the action cf the present explorers* political opponents. The chief newness about the region is the Liberal vote-seekers' interest in it.
which we are now offering at lowest market prices.
cents
Switzerland and Italy have sent the others diplomatic representatives home. Nations are a good deal like children where their dignity ia concerned. It takes a strong belief in the game to make their acta seem serious.
See our CLOVER and TIMOTHY SEED, BUCKWHEAT and BARLEY, to arrive in a few days. Order at once. Supplies will be short this year.
P
9 cents
and Buggies.
WO rente
Mr. Thomas Wardell, M. P. P. for North Wentwcrth, Ont., died suddenly while chloform was being administered to him before undergoing an operation which had been decided on. The deceased gentlemen was one of the most promis, ing of the younger Conservative members in the Ontario Legislature.

MACFARLANE BROS.
Province of Quebec, 1 District of Pontiac.
Drop in and have a look at these stylish rigs before placing your Spring orders.
c
A Session of
Tie Coorl of King’s Bui
The Conservative! of West N p:esing have chosen Mr. Frank Cochrane, merchant of Sudbury to contest the riding at the provincial election# now approaching Mr. Cochrane is spoken of as being a ry popular man, thoroughly conversant with the requirements of the district, and his chances of election are most favorable.
1902
1902
SMART & SMITH.
A session of the Court of King’s Bench, having Criminal Jurisdiction in the said province, will beheld at the Court house in the Village of Bryson in the said district of Pontiac on the sixth day of May next,
1902, at ten of the clock in the fore non.
In consequence we notify and warn all Magistrates Justices of the Peace,
Coroners, Constables, Baliflfs and other ministers of justice in the said district, whoso duty it may be to attend the said
Court of King'4 Bench to I* then and there	^ ^
in their proper person to do those things n	_	,
w hich may be ordered them to do. Kemember that we are adding to our reputation as man-
«mon «.«..lx	ufacturers of Hich Ghaoe Flovk. *
You don’t Catch Us standing still and trjing to do business solely on a reputation already established. No, sir !
We want Milling and Seed Wheat and can pay the
highest price for it. We have a large stocK of Flour and all kinds of Feed and can make Prices I’ioht.
A NEWLY REBUILT MILL !
C	ROLLENR MILLS'r ™ 4"'
ve
“Kiil everything over ten” was the order given by General Smith, one of the Cnited States commanders in the Philippines, in sending out an expedition against the people of Samar. Major Waller testifies to the fact, and corroborated by three officers. Smith is evidently a bushvelter. Will he get a bushvelter's punishment ?
FURNITURE.
Sheriff,
Sheriff’s Office Dry son, April 2nd, 11W&
Bedroom Suites,. Sideboards, Kitchen Tables,
Parlor Suites & Lounges, Extension Tables,
Parlor Tables,
Springs and Mattresses,
Full line Chairs and Rockers.
Dissolution of
Partnership.
intercolonial finance under the Laurier Government ie a wonderful thing. It has come o-itin the public Accounts 'ommit
of the House of Commons that the pay of I Notice is hereby given, that the partner
is was not treated as a part of the or- j ,inine and style of McDowell & Hodgias, dinary running expenditure that the and carrying on business as general agents earrings should meet, but as something and dealers in the village of Shawville, in the nature of a permanent improve- ^ day been dissolved y mutual
ment raising the traffic carryingor getting ! ' ^Xsines. will in future be carried
power of the system. The idea will be oll by the said George 11. McDowell, to
laughed at in every railway office in j whom all accounts, notes, etc., due the
America. It is really equivalent to cook- late firm are tube paid, and by whom all
i„% the account».—Muntreal Gazette. obligations due by the firm wflj He settled. *	Dated at Shaw ville this Slat day of
JAMES WILSON.

UNDERTAKING BRANCH
Fully Equipped as Usual and Prices Reasonable.
THE FAVORITE
COOK STOVE
IS THE BEST MADE.
March, 1901
<;. H McDOWELI H. W. H01XHNS.
The Coronation Corps
JHE SHAWVILLE SASH and DOOR
pRESH ARRIVALS
A BIG STOCK NOW ON HAND
TO SAIL Bl PARISIAN PR M QVtBKi
jv»e 7.
Tenders Wanted.
V
AT
IN
WAI2T2ÆAITS.
Tenders ir* ailed fur hy the P.id ford
Otta»*, April 7	01 tie 7>yn J •<
and : i who will cem prise the vtDoa tien I	Association foe thebulldiugofs
«*•«•*• f! * - «y.«r	! sarus %&%%%&
balance will be taaen from the infantry. 8,on and improvement of the shelter Thu men will le chusui from the various I trenches. All material as well aj work to branches of militia all ever Canada, and > included in contract, btsides the men who hive ahead, seen .,1>I‘“.s of	tu be done can be seen at.
aenicein South A fries, others wilt g" |	must % in "
who were willing to g>, bu. owing to ! hands on or before Saturday, April 20th. limitations could not be accepted. It is Lowest, or any tender not necessarily au determined to shew what theCanadiiu cepte.l militia is capable of doing. The contingent will sail from Quebec by the steamship Parisian oil June and i v-
turn by the Tunisian, tailing from Lie | j8 May 29 the Date of the Elec-
erpool
FACTORY
Your choice also of several other makes in Cook Stoves as well as a fine range of
Box Stoves and Triple Heaters.
BARGAINS IN SECOND HAND STOVES
of which we have a variety in stock.
(Formerly McCredie & fjodgins)
Is again built up
and
ready for business.
AT THE
Gash Store,
D. B. ALEXANDER, M.D.,
Sec.-Treasurer
STARK’S
CORNERS.
0
BEING FI LLY EQUIPPED WITH UP TO • DATE MACHINERY AND COMPETENT WORKMEN. T II E PUBLIC MAY RELY ON GETTING :: :: GOOD WORK DONE. ::	2:
tions ?
A full liqe of Stove Furnishings,
-	..	_	^	_ I Toronto. April 14.—The Mm
Pontiac Railway goes to C. P. R. j Empire this morning says it was inl-
and
Agateware, Tinware, Etc.
G. B. WAINMÂnT SHAWVILLE.
Our stock will repay the careful inspection of intending buyers, while the Cash System enables us to sell on the smallest possible margin.
A CALL WILL CONVINCE.
(
orm-
ed last night that the Ontario Cabinet had finally selected Thursday May 29 h, as the date of the Ontario elections.
There seems to be no room f jr doubt that the latest report, regarding the sale of the Beeme: system. Railways, mclud-
BS1! SSI
he red to the view that the G. P. R. were	u	_ May to be in readiness when tbs Canada
------
mmm sm W
regard to the extension of the line west- planUd t0 Ca°ada*	-^- Pell,, each, 09 to Me.
ward to the point of connection with the	w	Hides, $4.50 to $5.00.
main line of the C P. R Will tte in- Another Railway Purchase.	The Cost oMhe Census	C.U,kin».3C to 40 cent, each
terests of the people of Pontioc, who
have been contributing to the road be It :* announced that the Canadian r ¦. u . ~
EHÎEEÉÛE EEB3.EH
what is in thaï own inter*,ts ^ What bridge. This include, 140 miles of iai'. h,M CC*‘	d*«,' ,Vi?£lnp2t'
zzx£gmj:& 5 % % aa	T:t srius-a
raaarfiJSKS
we can afford to wait a little longer with | down the north shore and into Ottawa
out growing unnecessarily impatient.	°!,e,r Interprovincial bridge. This What the Intercolonial Costs.
The purchase price of the Beemer ^ring the transcontinental passengers	_
system, is as yet unknown ; but those in through < Utawa Central station and ob- The Intercolonial railway as it ia con a position to speak say it would require I	necessity of building a ernes- due ed at preecnN is the meet expeceive
to be in ihe neighborhood of $4,000.000 towu line para htngthe C at a a At antic, luxury Canada indulges in. Since 1897, to let out the Montreal syndicate who j a® wae proponed. This will be a great Mr. Blair has expended on capital me were to guarantee the bunds and ether ! adianUge to Ottawa and reduce the cost count $8,773,783. Hehaslost in operating interests. This syndicate is composed of of lhe subway which will have to be built the roal $901,424, so that the aggregate	r, 1
Messrs. A. F. Gault, Samuel Finley, 8. ™ Bank street at an early date. The over-expendituru has been nearly $10,	%	™1 % Syncer general superint-
H. Ewing and Hanson Brothers, and the diversion of the mam line of the ( aradisn OOO.OOU during five years. The average ent of. ^*P*dian Pacific is at present bond issue was to cover $9,8OO,OOO of Bacifice to the north side of the Ottawa annual excess of outlay over revenue has on an inspection tour of the Ottawa Val stock, $1.000,000 for the Pontiac* Pacific shorten the route about thirty miles been about 12 000 000 Under Conser- V dlv,emn- A® interview, he says $1,000,000 for the Imerpiovinoial Bridge, ] The improvements in the roadbed and FItive ru'e the 'total capital expenditure W?u7 ^lV bu,|d a road connecting another for the Gatineau Valley, ! oprra ion of; these roads which will result and deficits on the Intercolonial during a barbet Lake with Carleton Place giving and $800,000 for the Hull Electric. The from becoming a portion of the great similar period from 1892 to 1896 was a ** *lr between Ottawa and Toronto, original capital stock was $1,000,000, and £/• R;."l!1 !>• 1 d#cld«J *dvan- iit»|e over $2,000,000. Mr. Blair’s claim It ia reported that the plague In the
2s£^i^weSïi5. IS-»»"”»--
A full stock of Doors, Sash, Mouldings, Turnings, Etc., will bo kept on hand and Custom Work done as usual.
P. S.—Highest price for Hides and Pelts.
THE MARKETS.
SILAS YOUNG.
SHAWVILLE.
Wheat (standard) 68 to 73c. Flour per barrel, $.140 to $180 Oats per bushel, 40 to 00c. Pease per bushel, 70 to 75c.. Buckwheat, 45c. per bash. Rye, per bush. 45 cents.
ROBERT C. H0DCINS.
Here it is I ,SHAWVILLES
The Place and °°°Hr
FACTORY.
Where you can get anything and everything you require in, In coun#clion with my former buai
Till, A.g&t6 and Bn- , ne*s I have just placed In position
am ailed Wa ra	861 of flrsl clsa8 ®»chines for the man
dlBtmea W are.	I ufacture of all kinds of
Eavetroughing,
Hoofiqg and
Repairing
Neatly done at lowest
prices.
DALE BROS
According to statements made for Ihe
OTTAWA
Butter, priât, 22c. per lb.
pails, 18 to 30c. per lb.
Eggs, fresh, 12c. per doz.
Potatoes, 30c. per bag.
Lamb. 0 to 0c. per lb.
Mutton, 0 to 0c. per lb.
Beef, 54 to 8c. per lb;
Pork. $7.25 to $8.75 per 100.
Oat*, 47 to 49c. per bushel.
Hay, $6.00 to $9.50 per ton. Wool 00 to 00c. per lb.
a

44
Sash,
Doors,
Mouldings,
Turnings, &c.
/
For which! am now prepared to receive order» and guarantee first-class work.
Thanking my many customers for their liberal patronage in the past, I shall look forward to a future in
isiness.

ci e in
Shawville.
JOHN C. ELLIOTT,
PROPRIETOR.
P. S.—Highest price paid for Calfskins and Pelts.
###PAGE###5###


THE EQUITY,
THE FROST & WOOD COMPANY, Limited.
Court Shawville,
A WHkhr Journal douetad te Local InttrMti.
rUBLTAHKD EVERT THURSDAY
AT SHAWVILLE, Co. PONTIAC, QUE.
SU88C8fPÎI08-$t.OO A YEA8 18 ADVA8CE.
No paper «topped until all arrearages ara paid, unless by special arrangement will* ihs publisher.

G. F. HODGINS
w^rrs.
Meets the 4th Wednesday of every month.
a
m
County Pontiac’s Largest Ware-Booms.
/ Court dues must be paid f promptly every mouth.
Vi"dilfi,b^r,M.cor‘ We invite you to make a thorough test of this
store its stocks, its usefulness and its price-advaq|figes. You cannot do better nor get clearer ideas than by judging its
A. SMILEY, Prop.
J. A. Cow AH, ns
H. B. Bawr err, F.S
o
JOBR ncCKRTT, C. R.,
ADVERTISING RATES
Before placing orders for Spring Goods I wish to remind the general public that
HAW VILLE HAVING PARLOR,
J0I|N smith, Proprietor. | DRESS GOODS AND SILK DEPARTMENTS I
s
L.'gnl advertising, eight cent* per line for flrnt Insertion and four ceuts per line for each subsequent Insertion.
Business cards not exceeding one loch Inserted it 14.00 per year.
Local announcements Inserted at the rate
of 8 cents per line for first Insertion and & ceuts tor subsequent Insertions.
Commercial advertising by the month or I The spot for— for longer periods Inserted at low rates, | which will be given on application.
Advertisements received without Inetruc Hone accompanying them will be Inserted until forbidden and charged for accordingly,
Birth, marriage and death notices pub-I Imbed free of charge. Obituary poetry to coûte per line.
WE HAVE THE N|OST UP-TO-DATE FARM N|ACHIN-----------ERY ON THE MARKET--------------
Everything here carries the stamp of good taste correct style and splendid worth.
A Fahhioxaulk Hair Cct, Good Shampoo, or
A Ci.KAN ShATK.
as a glance at the construction of Disc will show ; also the number of sales made to the leading farmers on their merits.
Your Turn next
r
ree
CEO. HYNES
JOB PRINTING
j READ ON !
Note.—Pole can be arranged for two, three or four horses, instantly without removing pole. Made in nine different sizes from lfi to 20 inches ; double lever—a great convenience on side hills and turning at end of furrow.
All Minds of Job Printing neatly and cheaply executed. Orders by mall promptly attended to.
JOHN A. COWAN,
Publisher
FURNITURE DEALER AND
New Dress Goods, Ladies’ Suitings and Silks.
We invite you to see them, to scrutinize the values and ___	prices. Ask especially to see the new satin-finished
SHAWVILLE, - - QUE. I Henriettas in the soft materials suitable for the
Business Cards.
UNDERTAKER,
MEDICAL.
new
F.M.Â. McNaughtoq,	M.D.,C.M.
r
Tucked Skirts, now in high favor
A large, well selected and varied stock of Furniture always on hand, at prices to suit all classes.
Graduate op McGill University,*
Again—we have a nice range of Ladies’ Plain Cloths purposely for Tailor-made Jackets and Skirts. See
these.
Office -Residence of the late Dr. H. H Knox, Shawville.	,	_ _ .
Office hours -Monday, Wednesday and m UNDERTAKING
I also keep a complete stock of r une
!¦' SiXS. ttâtS&Æ
j ly designed. All calls receive personal attendance. Open dav and night. ¦¦
A. SMILEY.
J. F. Gronau’s,
Ladysmith,
D. B. ALEXANDER, M. D., C. 5
F. T. M. C
Orsdnate of Trinity University, Toronto ; 0rad iate of Victoria University, Toronto. Fellow by examination of Trinity MedL College, Toronto. .
Ornca ako Rkmu>xscb : J. U Aumtiww'* Hou«, DlStPlCt SIIICl COUZltPV#
MAIN STREET • - 8HAWVILI.1	1	V
THOSE ELEGANT SILKS FOR WAISTS
\ou can only appreciate their beauty and excellence by seeing them, but come soon, while assortments are complete and at their best.
r^wwN.'v"
A number of residence on Park avenue, New York, undermined by the ¦ mm a a ¦¦ g g» i rapid transit tunnel excavation, tank
De LbUUC.KKlC.Kf into the earth
LEGAL.
NOTARY PUBLIC,	Robert Burn»’ birthplace, at Ayr,
Will visit Bryson on Wednesday. Thurs Scotland, attracted 7,000 more visitors lay and Friday of every week. Office at last year than Shakespeare's birth:
R. MiG. Ritchie* residence.	at Stratford-on-Avon.
JUST RECEIVED, by express, a complete assortment of the new APPLIQUE LACE in White Cream and Black, now in sale.
>:ace,
Headquarters for
r\ a nn T\ Ti in ni T\TTTTT T fl T T T I Th8 ( Ultcd StstêS 18 prtpirsd to F6* 8Î-
BOuRBEAu RAIN < ILLL, L. L> L. on Germany by excluding her wines
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I* and malt liqours from the country.
The engagement is announced of Hon. Sidney Fteher, M'n’e‘er of Agriculture, to Miss Jennis FitHiog, daughter of the Minister of Finance.
UP-TO-DATE GOOD S
ADVOCATE . . BRYSON
1
Elegant Silks and Dress Goods, Readymade Clothing, Underwear, Groceries, China and Glassware, Jewellery and Fancy Goods,
WM- GAMBLE,
G.F.HODGINS
BARRISTER, Ac.,
¦	Win Luamin, aged 85 years, ton of
Room 30, Trust Building. No. 48 Sparks Mrs Laiaman, of Perobri ke, was killed
St., Ottawa, Out.	recently while working a mining claim in
At Shawville, second and fourth Thursday | Alaska by a tunnel caving in. He bad
been in the Yukon diatrict for the paat seven years, but was home two yeara
9
SHAWVILLE,
- QUE.
of each month.
^Bee-over G. F. Hodglns' Store, Main 8t

CEO. C. WRIGHT,
About 250 men from the ahantioa have •o far th;s apiing been taken to 4he quarantine ala ion in Pembioke and bathed, fumigated, >1 »ng with their personal belongings and rent on their way fvj • cirg (!), is a prtevenuve «?f tiimllpLi.
T.id Loudon »SanTa*d'v Pretoria cor-r<Hp aient says that fur years S.uch Africa will be dependent on cold storage foe her treat supplies, for not less than 250,000 sheep and ever a million breeding cattle, hare been killed for supplies.
Kitcher er reforts another live’y fight near Boichman's Eioek. The peace négociations are not interfering in any way with the warriors' work. Perhaps there will not be much disappointment in the j soldiers' ranks if the palaver between |
advocate. BARRISTER. AC
OF TBK PROVINCE OF Q17MIRC, -
Alexandria, Dkc., sSuth. J9ul Dear Sir:-*	.
Speaking from personal experi- j
etice I c.iti s'ale '.hit y pur Stout U I
A Physician’s Testimony for
Good Bargains now going in all Winter Goods.
Treat Building—¦ BHIRj ¦ ¦ ^ Spark-. Street, Ottawa
J. F. GR02TAU
LADYSMITH.
m ê eicalleut m bull liug up the system ff £ j	7	jt X yf I waa very much run down and was
SL MS	P~\ jj ] J /1 «dvised tj use I.ivwtl'a Porter—this 1
iW 4 i / !jm i É A m/ ,1:ltre done for sonic time and I largely Jjp	JMÈfwÆr attribute to ils effects my steady im-
provement in strength an<l weight. I
( LONDON ) deem it but justice to you, and it certainly is a pleasure to me to add my CTI"|I IT testimony to its sterling qualities, and & ¦	» • I glady recommend your Stout as an
excellent tonic and where such is required Yours truly, G. S. TIFFANY, M.D
Phone No. 1324
V tends courts of Ottawa and Pontiac District*.
Fishing Nets
ARTHUR McCONEEU, B. G. L.
I
ADVOCATE, Ac.,
LAW CHAMBERS J
At Shawville 3rd Thursday each month. At request attends Courts in District of Pontiac. Prompt collections and immediate remittances. Special attention to correspondents.
MAIN STREET HULL. - QUK
• and « # # •
food in cases
For Agency,
Address 3 St. Peter SL,-QUEBEC
Fishing Tackle
Steyn, DdWet and Scha'kburger results T-
only in tin understanding among these *5!®ntT*t w° men are known to be dead ! The Gatineau District is now reported leader» si t) how they will work in future " ‘he result of an explosion in the Nel- j to be comparatively free from smallpox.
to worry the Brit sh.	n mine at jyton, Min.	Six hundred of the mounts for 1 ha new
W. W. IRELAND,
O
of all kinds.
Clerk of the District Magistrates' Court. Commissioner and Conveyancer. Deeds, Mortgages, etc., executed legally tad satis-
* l . _ ______. .	. At Montreal Mrs. Doris stabbed a contingent will be bought in the west,one
a Lx>ndo^Wstree*^CAen)t! 4 nr?1 was letf®r ^srri®r.,,lmed Tetu twice in the thousand in Ontm^L and four hundred
SHAWVILLE - - • - QUE, when a mo’eTcar b)re down upon her. The ahareaholdori of the C.P.R. held a | Twent persons have taken out in-1 H&rdW&TÔ MeôPCllâZltS,
----——------------------------ She fled in alarm, leaving the “pram”	meeting at Montreal to authorize j suranca policies on the life of a pauper
S. A. MACKAY, B.C.L,,	and its contents to see after themselves, the Itsue of 119,500,000 new stock. inmate of Wolverhampton, England,
A gallant youth dsshsd forward to at- Two thousand Norwegian laborers are house, who charges half a crown I diociaes of the Church of England in tempt a rescue, but he was too late.— being hired at Christiaans by an Ameri- °r fche Privele8e-	Cauada to co-operate. In scc rdance
1 h® perambulator was upset, and a small can Congressman for Railway work in ! The C. W Edwards Company, limited, {his resolution of Synod, 1 wou’d whits bundle fell into the road. A doc Canada.	Ottaw, opened club rooms for their therefore recommend:
tor came up to #0# whit he could	.	I employees in New Eliobureh. The 41 1. That a mission for stimulatiag and
Will be in Shawville on Tuesday and Sat- j0 for the infant,when it was discovered Legislation will probably be latroduc- POOtns weii furniihed have a library rev vi°g spiritual life be held in each
.OCT»».»	g ssr as. ?" sks T., j»., .< mm. jfo *sr^svasa	~ *
sShksshII SSffi^S?Js£ k"n “ °* 1EEE 3: da
month!e,A	a%Aw al^^To: 8l™k acro”	dwhsrginga	h *» f'sred that the sending of 2 000 ?®Pth of from eight to ten inches is being rices, or at least one service, be held, an. >
hand for sale; oJe*: 8h aw ville, Que,	which passed through the Uothca of an mounted men to South Africa and 600 ! *s,d uP°n k,a0e	that, in places where it is not possible to
¦B infant in its mothers firms and entered men to the ooronalion may interfere with	*	| secure outside missioned, the clergyman
the mother a aide, passing through the the holding of the regular* summer camps Sudbury Merchants Alarmed. himself undertake the work or unite with Urer end lodging against the «pine. The of iDetracllon. 6	I •	--- e neighbouring peneh in • joint work.
j bsbo was uninjured.	Toronto, Apr I 0—Several of the retail “A committee has been appointed by I $ qmoU:{KsjSfeinUliLWj
a irnnwn F.urlUk	** mB7 nofc ^ generally known that merohanta of Sudbury areexpresaing their Synod to make much arrangements aa may
I *ers V atatutory penalty Of #13 against aneasinees st the condition of affairs up be necessary. The committee will li inH ,,, rath«f siienwetad thmt h.	maker of syrup who ofers the same these, and in the past few days have glad to give further information and
Mrs C M. McLean,	DrilUon bv another had not	If°r !*,* “ jn*Ple.'7raPLwhen the product written to their whrleiile creditor, in c ,uneel, and to set d «ample copie, of ! youngest iurd> more than a baby. Last
Proprietress.	Lth.r .priLnt.l	therefore	" adulterated with either cane or beet Toronto asking adriee of the latter. The literature suitable (or circulation in mak-1 week the mother and eldeet girl were cut
-----	îtorr to noint a moral in a sarmon in the 'Ug*r‘	Canadian Copper company, four miles ing preparation for the miuion. The m the barnyard milking when without
¦sssr.““ ^srtissi hssrffiss sssr-s K-tesn;sËi“j3s
would ssy	no	more	about	it.	Next	quarters se a successful	business man	«niploymeut.	ment h united with the working of the j thought hadfainted,tositup,ran heme for
morning lie	repaired	to the	spot	and	who didn't advertise. Tirn he started	---------- sU governing spir.t of God can it bej her sisters aid. Returning to the yard they
found his owoumbrells and forty five advertising, seemed to like the teste, and Miaeion to Stimulate Spntnal j ff^tuaL I imite you and your people, had to take down a po.e fecce, after
at present is grabbing at half pages daily,	Life.	therwl'.-rr t » earnestly pray. I i rust that which a small hand sleigh, used for draw-
more or lees, in most of	the Montreal	*---- | each and all wi| do what they can to mg firewood to the house, was utilized
v	, Active at over	102 years of	age,	able	papers. It begins to look	as though he	archbishop b>nd reitombnd* stefl to be j forward what will through tied a mercy for conveying the body to the house, the
WATCHMAKER | to read newspaper print without the use would need a newspaper for himself. held iw each fabish during f be a means of showers of blessing.	|eldest drawing, the younger
of spectacle», possessing an appetite tbit And they say his business is bursting	next advent.	J * Tr	m____	j back to hold up "Mother s'
many a millionare would give half hie out through the cracks in his building.	—	the ground. The two children then took
fortune to own, retaining ill the alertness	,	The following circular haa been issued j Alone With Dead Mother. | down the bed, as of course they were an
KRSP«	of s young person, and with a mind and One of the most sir king features of | by H » Grace Archbishop Bond :	- - -	able to lift the body up, and lovingly
a fiaLscr«took o*	memory not impaired by the weight of	modern life is the number of learned men “ At the session of the Synod of the j sad mperienu* or two	littlb girls, i placing the remains cn it, the poor bo
watches.	over a centuiy of yean—these are a few I snd the large amount of money that is	Diocese of Montreal, Hfeld in January j	—	I reared ji it le r.nn* tat beside their mother's
CLOCKS,	of the characteristics of Murdock McRae,	employed in seeking new methods of	last, It was proposed that an endeavor be | A pecularly pathetic story comes from form alone through the whole night
jewellery. the oldest man in Kingston, and, so far	life more endurable and comfort- made to bold a mission for stimulating : one o ; the northern settlements of the and until late the next ra roieg, when
silver wars	M know, |n all eastern Ontario. Nay,	Able. The host of physicians who are	and reviving the spiritual life in each ! Lievre Valley. Several	miles beck of they got rtl-.ef and assistance from some
Ac. *c.	more (and let it be whispered gently),	Marching for remedies of incurable dis-	parish of the diocese during next Advent, | Netre Dame de La us In	a email cabin relative who happened to go to the house.
for many a yesr he was in the habit of j eases, added to the number that are ex- and that the Archbishop should be re- | with no neighbors nearer than seven drinking a half pint of clear whisky be-1 perimentlng in new processes for the de- quested to make the movement, as feras : miles lived Mrs. Binette, a widiw, with	*
fore he commenced a mes!.—Toronto! fdopment and enrichmentof mechanical possible, a general one, and invite not three children all girls, the eldeet aged The early Closing By-law is being in*
life, is a most hopeful feature of the day. ou’y ’he clergy of the diocese, but all the 1 nine years, the second six years and the fviced in Arnprior.
McDOTOALL & CUZNER,
in Quebec
Sussex St. Ottawa.
1
MONEY TO LOAN ON EASY TERMS.
BRYSON, - - QUB.
PATENTS
[PROMPTLY SECURED!
Write for our interesting books " Invent
oYe Help" and "How you are swindled." Send m a rough sketch or mods! of your invention or improvement sod we will tell you free our opinion as to whether it is probably patentable. We make a specialty of application» nyected in other hands. iLgbest references furnished.
J, J. TURNER,
PATENT SOLICITORS ft
Civil A Mechanical Boetnaara. Oradwtee of the
Polirtechnk School of Bneiiv-erm*, BacSelxs In AppiM SotHocea, Laval Unlventtv. MaeUwe Paleat Law Awoctatloa, Aroencaa wsterWorka Association, New England Water Works Assoc P. Û. Suiveymi Aseodatie Society of Civil Eugtaeers.
HOTELS,
St. Lawrence Hall,
4Ï
k G,IDmloi


/
* i ot here.
PRACTICAL
1
me at the heed from
sad
JEWELLER

.
: m Sr
JV
;
i)
i
4-.
erl
• u
r: ¦





èi'
RC PAIR I MO—
aSPBCfALfTT
SHAf 7IL1E, Q. I Gi»be
###PAGE###6###



THE! LIVE A SECOND LIFE FKOM ERIN’S GREEN ISLE WAR AHEAD FOR ENGLAND
felt a thrill pass over me. The blood i rushed to my face, and Instinctively I i clinched ray flit.
Mrs. Marchand was gently tapping | STRANGE RESURRECTIONS OF the back of Chadwick's chair, but It was no longer the tattoo of an absent-minded individual. Each tap meant something. She was telegraphing Chadwick’s hand to her husband!
My first impulse was to denounce them then and there, but what was the word of a hired entertainer against that of distinguished guests, people of social standing, as any of Lord Brower's friends must be? Then came the
CALLED
DOWN
And :y$ i
People.
JAPAN
SERIOUS VIEW or THE FAB EASTERN SITUATION.
WHAT IS GOING ON IN THE LAND OF THE SHAMROCK.

“DEAD” MEN.
i
X
:
Russia and France Say There Can Be No One-Power War in China or Corea.
Some Personal and Business Notes That Will Interest Irish-Canadians.
ee
Remarkable Stories of Men Who
Out of lH
By Douglas Z. Doty

Dropped Completely
In Japan you buy a greet nf tho weight.
Tho Empress of Jap** ha# just
taken to motoring.
In Japan every child is ««aught to write with both hands.
Japanese brides, during tho marriage ceremony, wash tho feet of the bridegroom.
At a Japanese banquet it is considered a compliment to exchange cups with a friend.
Fish are sold alive in Japan, the pedlars conveying them through the streets in tanks.
Chrysanthemums, served us salad, are a favorite article of diet among tho Japanese.
Tho Ainu women in North Japan tattoo their faces to give them tho appearance of men with whiskers.
The city of Tokio has 800 public baths, where some 300,000 persons foathe daily at a cost of about one cent each.
Every workman in Japan wears on his enp and on his back an inscription giving his business and his employer's name.
Japanese cooks arc the most cruel in the world. They cut every atom of flesh off a living fish piecemeal, without first causing death.
It Is considered that Japanese men are amongst the best needle-workers in the world, their only equals being the women of Russia.
The Empress of Japan is an adept performer on tho koto, a kind of large zither. It is an instrument which is much played and very popular in Japan.
There arc no undertakers In Japan. When a person dies his nearest relatives put him into a coffin and* bury him. The mourning does not begin until after burial.
In almost every school in Japan it is tho custom one day in tho autumn, to take the pupils out rabbit hunting, on another mushroom bunting at night with paper lanterns.
Copy right. 1909, by
Douglas E. Doty
Widely dilTorcnt views are taken throughout Europe of the Franco-Ruaslan declaration in regard to the Anglo-Japanese Alliance. The easiest and simplest interpretation of the declaration is that it is an endorsement of the principles on which tho Anglo-Japanese treaty was based and that it furnishes an additional guarantee of peace.
This apparently pacific utterance contains, however, an announcement which rouses grave apprehensions in England. These fears find a clear expression in a serious article in the London Spectator, which says:—
The sting of the Russo-French communique is in the tail The last clause runs:	"Nevertheless. they
thomselves being also obliged to take into consideration the eventuality of aggressive action on tho part of a third Power, or of fresh troubles in China, jeopardizing the integrity and free development of that power and becoming o. menace to their own interests, the two allied Governments reserve it to themselves to consider in such case means of assuring their protection.'
"This, obviously, can mean only one thing . Tho third Power whose possibly aggressive action is contemplated is, of course, Japan. In other words, we are warned that if Japan from any cause gets involved in hostilities tho war will be with two powers—that is,
RUSSIA AND FRANCE.
If it comes to war it will be the *two-Power war contemplated by the treaty. In other words, the Russo-French declaration finally and entirely disposes of the fond illusions which have been entertained so widely hero that in spite of the alliance with Japan there is little danger of our being involved in dangerous complications. It has been urged that even if Japan got into war with Russia wc might feel quite secure, because the very last thing the French would do would bo to come to Russia's assistance. They, ft was supposed, would politely tell Russia that they wished her well, but that it would be a cruel kindness to help her and so bring England Into the melee, and, therefore, as true friends they intended to stand aside.
"Tho Russo-French declaration puts an absolute stop to all this. It is a employ clear notice that there can be no than paper for their clothing, where single-power war in tho Fur east, wages are exceedingly low, cloth is We said when the alliance was first an impossible extravagance, announced that wo must make up Many Japanese women arc undor-our minds to that alliance bringing going tho slight surgical operation with it the possibility of war with necessary to straighten the slant of France, and wo pointed out also the eyelid, which distinguishes them that tho alliance left our foreign pol- So unmistakably from Caucasian wo-
A serious League riot took plan*
County
There are few life dramas more interesting and remarkable than those of men who, having made a complete failure of life, become dead to the world, and in a different environment "rise on tho stepping-inspiration. Vi 1th something of the ' stones of their dead selves"
captain's cynical smile, I, too, com- j better and regenerated life, menced to drum on the back of a chair, j In the early eighties there was no and this was what reached the startled | more dissipated and hopeless young
than
ll-——
last week at Black Skull,
Down. Several persons wero badly
injured.
ft is	bel loved that tho Vatican
will instruct tho Irish clergy to hold
themselves aloof from revolutionary agitation.
Oak park, tho magnificent sent, of tho Hon. Henry Brien, B.L., Carlow, was on the 28rd ult., stroyod by fire.
Tho coming International Exhibits expected to give
By birth a gentleman, by force of circumstances a jack of all trades, by profession a raconteur!
Such was my record when I arrived In England, whither the fame of my glories had preceded me. Almost directly I received a letter from Lord Brower of Tentowers castle, In Surrey, requesting me to come down to his placg as he was entertaining a large house party.
The castle, founded as a monastery, was a most romantic pile, representing In Its various towers and wings a succession of architectural periods. Its maze of winding corridors and hidden stairways suggested mystery and invited exploration.
My Initial appearance before Lord Brower's guests was to be at dinner, and I spent the last moments before leaving my apartment in reading over the list of topics I had Jotted down for use during the evening. A raconteur Is expected to fill in every lull, every dull moment. Suddenly there fell upon the quiet of my room these words:
44 We must run It up to 5,000 tonight I Do you hear? We must!”
I stared round the room. It seemed
to a
near
couple:
‘‘You—are—caught !”
The captain turned rigid ns he grasped the arms of his chair, and for a single instant his eyes, expressing rage, hate and fear, met mine grimly, enjoying the situation
do-
. the son of a wealthy Lancashire manufacturer sent down from Oxford, and on his return homo brought such disgrace *ion at Cork
on his family by his low associations tourist traffic in •'	a K" *'
and drunken habits that one night impetus this season, his father turned him out of the It is openly stated that the Gaelic coup had n different effect on Mrs. house and forbade him over to re- Football Clubs which have sprung Marchand. She fainted away, at which turn. A few clays later tho unfor- up all over the country are just the captain's composure returned. He tunato young man’s hat and coat, recruiting depots for an Irish sprang to her rescue, and the table was with a letter of farewell, were found volutionary army.
on th.‘ beach near Blackpool, and it An JHiil manufacturer, writing to When Mrs. Marchand recovered, the Wtta concluded that his life's tragedy the Irish Times, says that the agi la-guests clamored for the finish of the Wttfl closed, says London Tit-Bits. tion in this country is having a very game, but Marchand shook his head, ^eul ^ 1 wvnt.v years later the fat là- serious effect on the sale of Irish
sss-isr ; % SS5ÎÏ
I sat in my room an hour later, cogl- ed a scoro of V0ar8 before It ap-tating whether I should inform Lord poured that after the youth had cut Brower that he was entertaining a pair himself finally adrift from his old life of clever tricksters, when a servant by leading the world to imagine that brought me a message from Marchand ho was drowned, he drifted to Lon-asking nn interview In his room. I don, intending to lose his identity
found him waiting for me with an 1 here among its millions of human	.	fTOri	.	thn
EEEE™	ÈiJEHBE
beauty in distress.	better lines.	garb. The intention is to bring
Marchand came directly to the point.	After a few months' training he be- hwl,,° t0 English members the
"Well, what do you Intend to do?"	came a lay-reader and missionary, of their imprisonment.
"Nothing," I replied nonchalantly, and the balance of his life was given
lie had been
l smiled
• «
The
re-
overturned
_as| manufactures in England.
The unsettled state of tho west and south of Ireland is causing a great deal of anxiety to the thoiities. Very little would send tho excited peasantry of Sligo, Roscommon, and some other counties, into regular open rebellion.
There is a rumor in tho Lobby
Irish
nu-
ns if the sound had come through some dull tapestry In a small alcove. Perhaps the tapestry covered a secret door, but there was no time to Investigate.
A resplendent footman was waiting to conduct me to Lord Brower's presence.
An interesting lot they were gathered "It Is your play. If you and your around the dinner table of Tentowers charming wife are suddenly summoned castle that night—that is, they were in- to London tomorrow, the matter ends, foresting to me as types for study. A* Otherwise I think Lord Brower"— conversationalists they were failures, for the only subjects on which they talked fluently were cards and horse- as well If you refunded to Chadwick
the money you've won since he's been
fact
Timothy Healy received an un ex to good work in the most squalid j pvctvd retort tho other day in the
East London, whero ho won| the affection and
impassioned "What
when in nn
peroration ho demanded are wo Irish members sent hero
for ?" In reply Mr. Johnson, of Hut the life of hardship and aelf-de- BallykiUbeg, shouted from the min-nial developed the seeds of consump- ister]al benches, "God only knows." tion in him. which perhaps his early dissipation had sown, and ho died happy in his father’s arms. This is. l>crhups, us strange a story as was ever woven into Action, and yet the literal truth of it is known to hundreds.
An even more remarkable example of a reformed life was that of John
C---. a young Cornishman. whose Tho Frnnco-Irish committee in
life closed to tho world in the early Park has protested against the nc-summer of 1867. The son of wcll-to-1 lion of the French Government in do and respected parents, he fell baiting Mr. Swinburne to the Victor early into evil habits and the com-	centenary celebration. The
panionship of low associates. Even Poet was objected to because it was his mother’s death, for which his stated that he had approved of the disgraceful conduct was largely re- j system of refugee camps in South sponsible, failed to change his life; | Africa.
the	«¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I
drunken brawl, he struck one of. his associates a blow which at the time appeared fatal. In a sudden impulse of remorse he rushed down to the beach, and, unseen by any, plunged into tho sea with tho object of swimming until he was exhausted and the waters should close over
RESPECT OF ALL
I shrugged my shoulder significantly. "And. by the way, It might be just
deal of talk in
There is a good Dublin just now ns to who will be Lord Cadogan’s poet of Viceroy. Several well-known noblemen have been mentioned likely fillers of the position, hut the latest and most probable candidate is said to be the Earl of Pembroke.
flesh
1 selected my stories accordingly, playing with you."
The guests were apparently familiar with the customs of Monte Carlo, but 1 told them tales of our own wild west, j ou sly of games of faro and poker that fairly made them gasp, and after dinner T after dinner story—to tell when I re-must teach them our national game of turn to America; that is all. Lord
Brower shall never know."
in tho
successor
"And then?"
Madam s hands were working nerv-
Census-taking in Japan is simple, original, but untrustworthy houses arc counted, and for each of these dwelling-places an average of five persons In allowed.
The lower classes of the Japanese hardly any other material
ns
Tho
"And then I shall have one more good
chance.
Sitting opposite me at table was a
broad shouldered, dark man, whose lady, with tears in her eyes. "You can eyes, black and set rather close togeth- have no Idea to what straits we, my or, never left my face. Ills lips were husband and I, have been driven." She thin and bloodless, and his long, rather was playing her part well. "We were aquiline nose had a cruel curve about raised to love the good thlugs of life, the nostrils. But what most attracted Both thought the other had money, and my attention was his odd trick of both have made the best of a bad bardrumming almost constantly with his gain. We have 11 ve<l upon the losses of right hand, now on the table, now on our aristocratic friends until we met the arm of his chair and now on his you, and now"— square chin. The Instant he spoke I
recognized the voice back of the tapes- her head among the pillows. Captain try In my room. Dis name was Cap- Marchand rose and opened the door.
was
"You will pardon Mrs. Marchandas i,jm
"You are very generous," replied the
Mr. Conor O’Kelly, M.P., tho day after his liberation from jail, sat upon tho Castlebar Sessions Bench in his magisterial capacity, but on tho following day Mr. Kelly received an official intimation that the Irish Lord Chancellor had removed his name from tho Commission of the Peace.
icy
men.
The bridal veil of a Japanese young lady is subsequently used as her shroud. Directly after tho marriage it is carefully put away, reserved until death makes Its use again necessary.
AT THE MERCY OF JAVAN.
Japan might and probably would, prove merciful, for Japan is governed by prudent, astute statesmen, but that could not alter tho fact that we have placed our foreign relations in regard to Russia and France, generally, at the mercy of Japan may disguise the fact by diplomatic sophistries and wo may refuse to recognize tho fact, but the fact remains that we and Japan have ourselves ranged opposite to Russia and France and that our interests may some day plunge us into a war which will be fought in the Channel and the Baltic. We do not, of course, suggest that tho risk of war must never be run if vital interests so near homo are involved, but wo do think that such risks require grave thought and consideration."
This pessimistic opinion finds echoes on the Continent. Thus the Cologne Gazette recently asserted that Russia and England were strenuously endeavoring to draw the United States to the side that they respectively represent in the threatened conflict. The fact is that America’s position in the present situation is an absolutely commanding one. France is completely committed to Russia in the event of hostilities from any cause. Russia finds herself forced to decide definitely whether she will abandon her plans in Manchuria and tho Far East generally or
FORCE THEM TO FRUITION.
If the latter she must act quickly, while England is stilt engaged in South Africa and while Ireland is seriously seditious.
One point must be settled before it is possible to make any decision that will lend to war. What will America do in tho event of war? It is perfectly understood that no Anglo-American alliance is possible, but would America remain in a strictly neutral attitude if England and Japan were engaged in a war in the defence of principles with which America was in hearty sympathy? That is the question which Russia and France would seek to have answered before venturing upon any bellicose policy.	-	û-
The following despatch from Berlin is from a source upon which reliance may be placed:
"Germany has been approached by both groups of tho allies, but. the Imperial Government lias declined to entangle itself in any way. Assurances have been received at from Washington which indicate that the American Government will take a similar attitude. It is represented on behalf of both Russia and France that since the Anglo-Japanese treaty was made public Japan has been detected in intrigues which seriously threaten peace."
With a well simulated sob she bowed
and
tain Marchand
His wife sat at my right, a handsome
woman, with a profusion of soft brown	lack of self control. As you say, I
hair and beautiful blue eyes, which, I |	think a trip to London is what she	' was	the	end	of his	wasted	life:	and,
learned In a short time, were playing	needs, what wc both need. Good night,	| indeed,	his	very	memory	was	almost
havoc with the mental peace of a young my dear sir." fellow named Chadwick, who was plainly jealous of every smile the lady
wasted on me. He was a handsome,	I know must have held some amuse-
boyish looking fellow, one of those	ment at the clever acting of his wife,
chaps who imagine themselves violent-	still fixed on the weeping lady. Then
ly In love with every pretty face they j	suddenly I felt myself going down,
meet.
of Japan receives
The Empress $20,000 worth of clothes from Varie
She only consents to ap-
A young man named O'Donnell was arrested at Kilrush for attempting to murderously assault a farmer named Cunningham, who was selling hay. Cunningham had taken a farm that was formerly occupied by O'Donnell’s father. O'Donnell was sentenced to a month's imprisonment.
. Dr. McDermott, of Bnllaglmder-rcen, against whom a boycotting edict has been issued for paying up bis rent with costs, has been the subject of a number of outrages. On tho farm which he holds the walls have been thrown down, plantations destroyed, and other vexatious annoyances perpetrated.
When tho Dublin Fusiliers arrived in Dublin the Duke of Connaught was Introduced to Color-Sergeant Dunn, (father of the celebrated Bugler Dunn) who has served all the time in South Africa with the regiment. H.R.H. entered into a long chat with Sergeant Dunn, and made particular enquiries after ids boy.
A movement is on foot in Belfast to bring before the Government the special claims of the widowed Marchioness of DufTerin to consideration, in view of the circumstances immediately preceding his Lordship's death. It is suggested that the fusion enjoyed by her husband as a retired ambassador might tw> continued to her.
Mr. Michael Davitt. addressing a meeting at Belfast the other night, held for the purpose og inaugurating the Robert Emmet centenary celebration, stated that two years ago at Brandfort, South Africa, Commandant Louis Botha told him be spoke a portion of Emmet’s last speech to his sAtdicrs the night I before the battle of Colenso.
This, as far as the world knew.
Wc
each ycai
pear in public clothed in tho garments of her native country once in twelve months.
A spectator in a Japanese theatre, on payment of a small extra fee, is permitted to stand up ; and the per-hehind him cannot object, although the latter’s view of the performance is obstructed.
An evidence of the striking uniformity of size among the Japanese
that recent
forgotten, when two years ago news I stepped backward toward the door [came to the Cornish village that the which he held open, my glance, which long-lost brother had recently died
in Melbourne, and had left a fortune of $150,000 to be equally divided among his brothers and sisters. The would-be suicide had been picked up _	_ _	,	,	_	a mile out at sea, in a half-conscious
IL.	down. I clutched at space, and from condition, bv a passing vessel, and
Mrs. Marchand seemed to have	above me came a mocking laugh. Then	j had	been	taken to Melbourne. Here
caught her husband’s peculiar trick of	a shock, a blinding light In my eyes,	j with	the terrible lesson of
beating that devilish tattoo with her	and-blnvkuess!
fingers. It fairly got my nerves on When 1 woke, dim rays of light pen- , ^hind him, he began the task of reedge, but no one else at the table ap-	etrated Into a slimy cellar where I lay,	j formation,	and succeeded
pcared to notice it. I caught myself	practically a prisoner, for one leg was	that	when	he died as John	M
recalling stories of telegraph operators broken and I was bruised from head to was one of the most flourishing and who continued their work automatical- foot. Rats ran along the ledges in the I respected business men in the city, ly after office hours, but surely these masonry, and bats hung from the raft- j In the year 1874 Henry Mansell, two guests of an English aristocrat era above.	j the manager of a bank in the Eng-
knew nothing of a trade. In the course It must have been hours before help	Midlands, disappeared, and after
of my eventful and uncertain life I had came to me, but 1 lost all reckoning of I ,us	^ wa8 1011,1(1 tl,at tllc
been an operator for a short period. time. When at last I was carried to . bauk s Looks had been seriously
After the ladles had withdrawn I my room and medical aid was summon-I t"lli1^v‘ ^ ^‘t i1Hll,uini^"l)ira iirgc 8U 1 told my choicest stag stories, to which ed. I learned from Lord Brower that fl[uItiu,'manager was traced by de-the men drank freely, and by the time	my being alive was nothing short of a	tectives to	London	where it	was
we rose to outer the drawing room It	miracle. I had fallen three flights Into	found that	a man bearing the same
can be truthfully said that Captain a stone dungeon, one of the numer- name had taken a passage on a ship Marchand and myself were the only ous pitfalls which abounded In this bound for Lisbon, a probable destin-men who were thoroughly sober.	ancient pile. The captain had skillfully j at ion for n man flying from justice.
During the next hour I was kept guided me to the secret door which was ! But Henry Mansell never saw Lis-busy explaining the Intricacies of pok- one of his characteristic discoveries. |	; for tho vessel foundered in a
er, after which I watched the guests Lord Brower beard with amazement ; terrible storm in the bay. and only yield to the fascination of the game, my talc of their treachery and trickery, tw.° of,Vie c,ew sl,rv,xet* |° 1el1 *,lc
kæssiHSSS
ous tables. Excitement grew apace,	the deeply annoyed master of Tentow-	thorities received a	draft from	the
and the very faces of the players were	era making ample reparation for my	absconding	manager	for the 'full	sum
transformed. The greed of gain was	loss of time and suffering. And the	embezzled,	with interest, and a letter
upon them. It was my first glimpse of	only reason for telling of the story Is	expressing	profound penitence for his
the English aristocrat at bis private	that during my recent trip to London	.	crime and	regret that he had not
gaming table.	I recognized In oue of the reigning been able to make reparation earlier.
Finally interest centered at the table stage beauties Mrs. Captain Marchand, I By a remarkable coincidence two where Marchand and young Chadwick who once telegraphed a poker hand to men lmd 6nllv<1 from England on the held forth alone. At the beginning her fellow trickster at Tentowers cas- | ®»me day, one t<> perish at. sea. while
ïîïtïbTwouW h”uM- mim. | Ue-	-------------- !BÛtCSrif‘ —„ a for"
tie pile of gold. The liquor had brought	• Wellington*. Sense of Defy.	tun0> the n,.st fruits Gf which went
a sparkle to his eye and daring to his	A most Interesting anecdote of Wei-	j	to replace	the money lie had stolen,
tongue, for he kept Mrs. Marchand	üngton,	illustrating the high sense of
close to bis side, declaring her to be bis	duty in	all things, is told on the mu-
mascot and costing such languishing j thorlty of the duke's housekeeper at
glances Into her perfect blue eyes that	Waliuer	castle. The huge blue book of	!	An	old	colored	man	meandered	in-
1 wondered at Captain Marchand s	800 pages on the studies and discipline	|	to	the dental	parter,	accompanied	b
his	who was
an aching molar.
' Mawnin', boss
son
is found in the fact measurements taken of nn infantry regiment show no variation exceed ing two inches In height or twenty pounds in weight.
Most of the Japanese houses of one general shape and two storeys big’:. They are put together by u curious method of mortising, which these people arc adepts, not nail being used throughout tho construction of the whole building.
HIS WRECKED LIER
so well
he
are
at
one
Empress of Japan takes a
in all that concerns
great interest the nation, from the rice crop upwards. Her Majesty is said to have
a special talent for literature, | _____
writes beautiful poetry. A poem of liera, set to music, is sung in schools all over the land.
The de-
and
the
The Japanese never sleep with tho head to the north. This, is because the dead, in Japan, are always buried with- the head in that position. In the sleeping rooms of many of the private houses and of hotels, a diagram of the points of the compass is posted upon the ceiling for the convenience of guests.
CHECKERS AT THE STORE.
In a dim nbok, partly sheltered.
By the barrels therein stored,
With a rapt, intent expression.
Sit two players at the board.
And the country merchant lingers. Loath to serve tho public more.
For his thoughts are with the wor* th les
Playing checkers at the store.
Pondering the situation On iho mimic battle field,
Guarding carefully the king row" Lest tho small battalion yield. Jumping’’ with a gleeful chuckle, "Crowning” his opponent s “king’» With a slow and shrewd decision All his plots manoevering.
E’on the supper hour approaching. With its promise of good cheer. Has no magic in its summons To entice the players here.
Yet the contest in its finish,
With Its fine unwritten law.
May with all its complications Be decided by a "draw."
They may boast of golf and tennis* And the tournament of chess, Heralded by great announcements And the plaudits of the press;
But those champions of pleasure With their fund of playete lore Well might envy those old worth!## Playing checkers *t the sUes, ,
<
MARRIAGE IN GERMANY.
It is impossible for young people to marry in Germany without the consent of their parents or legal guardians. Certain prescribed forms must lie gone through or the marriage is null and void. When a girl has arrived at what is considered a marriageable age her parents make a point of inviting young men to the house, and usually two or three are invited at the same time so that the attention may not seem too pointed. No young man, however, is invited to the house until after he has called at least once, and thus signified his wish to have social intercourse with the family.
WANTED A REDUCTION
calmness. When Chadwick won, she 0f (be University of Oxford had been clapped her hands In girlish glee, and seD( (0 bim ns chancellor. He was énoncé or twice I caught a cynical smile on Marchand a lips. Clearly her presence was going to Chadwick's head.
He played recklessly.
•Til make It £4,000!" exclaimed the captain.
A hush fell on the room. Then rose Mrs. Marchand'# clear, sweet voice:
"How exciting! Oh, Mr. Chadwick, go him one better! Make it 5.0001"
The other guests rose and gathered round the table. Lord Brower stood on the hearth rug, glancing toward the group with troubled eyes. I heard him y under his breath:
"The lad can't afford to lose that •mount."
i joined bbe spectators just as Chadwick sailed las another card. Then I
# f
Berlin
began tho old 'Ah donc fotchod dis hyar gal
9 9
gaged on it the night before his death. He was going to bed, as it was late. He left the blue book, with his pencil In it, and said to Lord Charles Wellesley, who was with hlm, “I shall never get through it, Charles, but I must work on."
man |
iuh ter hab er tooth yanked out,
sah."
"All right, uncle," said tho den-Shall I give her gas to dead-
est
en the pain?"
"What am dat gas gwinc ter cost, sah?" queried the venerable African. "Fifty cents queried the tooth car-
THEIR SINGLE THOUGHT.
Hook—That young married couple appear to be two souls with but a single thought.
Nyc—Yes; he thinks he’s the only thing on earth, and she agrees with him.
¦right Prospecte.
We don't all look at questions of ethics In the same way. A young English traveler hi Valencia became enamored of a gypsy girl, but told the mother that he was not rich enough to marry her. The mother laughed and said: "What! Not rich enough In the land of guineas? Why, with sq accomplished a thief as my daughter you will be a millionaire In a fwelvemniUkr _________.
penter.	I
"Looky hynr, boss, dat am a heap oh money to pay out reckless.’’ said
the old fellow, her er lectio gaserlinc foh er quartoh?
LONESOME ALL ROUND
"Kftin’t yè* all gib
The ark had !>een about ten days
and the occupants
on its jou were by this time well acquainted.
"It’s a dreary time," said one of tho two fleas polled to satisfy ourselves with but two dogs to live upon."
"A T4OH EXCUSE-"
WONDERFUL!
"What Is his excuse for not. marry Ing?"
"Here we are co
A very kind-hearted woman.’’
Sho won't say an unkind
Says he doesn't want to woa* darned socks.”
• t
thing even about her husband!”
_
_

_
	
###PAGE###7###



I
Sunlight Soap
HEALTH IN SPRING,
SLAVERY IN CHINA.
China Im the great «lave country of the world. Of a population of 400,000,000 there are «laves to the number of 10,000,000. livery family of means keeps Its girl slaves, and a man’s position is usually gauged by the number he keeps. At any age from il to 15 girls are sold. 7 or 8 being the ago at which most change hands. The girls are purchased to
do housework, it, being cheaper to t J f •	9J
price;11810 is ahout^tho^veragr but
touch depends on the girl's appear-	"	A
a nee. A good-looking girl will fetch $20 or even 840.
a-r /utiv d&CnA/ JaAtunj
¦ky tu fccâJ- d W-âie/
NATURE REQUIRES ASSIST-| fl ANGE DURING THESE
MONTHS.
One woman with Sunlight Soap will do quicker REDUCES work than Two will with impure soap. EXPENSE
Ask for the Oetsgon Bsr.
If your grocer cannot inpply, write to LEVER BROTHERS ^	LIMITED, Toronto, sending his name and address, and a
\ trial sample of Sunlight Soap will be sent you free of cost 9
To Help Throw Off the Impurities That Have Accumulated During the Winter Months—Purgatives Should Not be Used—It T* a Tonic That is Needed.
In this climate there are many reasons why people feel nlle out of gear in the spring months. Perhaps the chief of these is the long hours in Imperfectly ventilated offices, shops ami houses during the winter months.
You may feel that there is nothing serious the matter; you are only a tittle tired after slight ojeertion. or perhaps your appetite is fickle, or Üittle pimples or eruptions on the skin shew that the blood is not as pure as It should be. - If you feel this way. not only your comfort but your health demands that you take proper steps to cleanse yourself of
**'"' *,'!, 8 11	N 0 <IJ? an<1 weak- toys for the use of all the children. Mr. J. (1. Jardine, whoso statement
*** James. Salmon, postmaster, Salmon ?lll,s to commemorate the birth of
Creek. N. 13., mays:— Last spring 1 ief. son*	.	.	.	.	, .
m Z7L,Fr'™ *' ^ Z'Z"" ,n ¦*“
SMI Ipiü su
•i new pci son. 1 would advise all	A	depression and I found Dodd's Kid-
tv lm feel run down and out of sorts	+	Q©y Pills invaluable.
lo take Dr. Williams' Pink Pills/'	HAD TO PAY AFTER ALL.	“I had learned the value of this
mmm mmm mmm
i:F.SEr “ FS™ HF	H™
Ü1 iMmmMMM
w......	... w.
IN MSERY OLD 1NBLÂNDI'EttElFsZ/
clerks, but no proprietor. Of course.
NEWS BY MAIL ABOUT JOHN j 1 left word that I called in to settle
up, but wanted to see the proprietor first. Dispute about bill.

Customer—"Didn't you tell mo this horse \#hs afraid of nothing?" Denl-That's just what l said tomer—"Why ho shies at his own shadow." Dealer—"Well a shadow is about as near nothing as anything
states was to the poet "a perfect hell. "
¦fat	hi™ ± y CyP**,
9 9
Cus-
A tablet was placed in the vault of St. Peter's church, Tower of London, on Friday, to commémora to tto removal there of the remains of persons beheaded In the reign of 11 know of."
Queen Mary.
A report is being circulated that on the occasion of the coronation naval review the old Victory flagship of the Commander-In-Chief will head one of the lines of warships at Spit head.
The will of the Duchesse do Valence, who died in December, provides
that her famous jewels and collection | Well Known Throughout Canada
as One of Canada’s Commis-
4,968 of the present population of the United Kingdom were born at sea.
55
We are handling large quantities* We can handle yours to advantage.
The Dawaon Commission Co , Limited, Toronto.
nmente of Butter, Iggs, Apple* and ether Eroduoe fellotted.	_
MAPLE SYRUP
A TORONTO HAN.
THE MR. JARDINE REFERRED TO LIVES IN THE QUEEN
CITY.
Oen

^ •> •> *X* •> •> > ? % *1* > > ? > ? ? > *H*
is well painted it %
Wlivn a house at ts attention. To he well painted it must l>e done good paints. Net the best that can be or bi tant price.
Ceylon Tea le the finest
sioners to the Pari. Exposition. Tea the World prOdUCCS, X
irr-K.: z «¦<¦«xa.
Head With Much Interest.	packets.	x	^ ¦«»«««¦
March i7.—(Spçriai)— Bleck, Mixed and Green.
span tea drinkm try "Salad." Greta tea. Â yfÆR
with
don't pay an price, hut pay a
ex
fair 5
iimtrs pi its
8
080
Are sold by all dealers at fair prices, and you get all that can be put into the best paints that __ can be made, by the oldest paint house in Canada. It's the beat to
Ï!
mr
To bring water to London
¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦I from Wales will cost 38 millions sterling, and will bo only sufficient to vide for the next 50 years.
cover, best to wear, preserves and beautifies, ready for u Drop a card and ask for our BOOKLET "K" FREE, showing cuts of beautiful homes
Utftk. 1142 j
pro-
f-'



•S
ROYAL MUSKOKA HOTEL.
This new modern, up-to-date hotel was opened for the reception of guests in 1901. It is situated in the centre of the finest summer resort region in America, known us the Muskokft Lakes, within easy reach of the principal points in Canada and the United States. The interior of the hotel is planned to the best advantage for comfort and convenience, special attention being given to ventilation and sanitary arrangements. Its spacious suites. with handsome bathrooms attached, are especially adapted to either large or small families. Cuisine and service are the best. Open for guests June 15th. For further particulars, descriptive matter and all information, write M. C. Dickson, District Passenger Agent, Toronto.
Fundy Bay, in Nova Scotia, has a tide of 68 feet, the highest in the world.
t
PAIS*
t
f
7/1
A. RAM 3AY & SON
country.
It is to his experience in the French capital at this time that Mr. Jardine makes particular reference
:
»

\
Paint Makars
MONTREAL
>	z •> c ? ?? i * v %? v * < v < * ; w c* *> c* •>

The flneet metoheeln the werld.lmade frem
Eddy’s
Headlight
Parlour
Matches
Everybody ask
Non-
Sulphurous.
Oderlos.
Every Stick— A Match
Every Match— A Lighter
for
especially eultahle for demeetie wee-put up In neat eliding boxes, aeeerted eelore eeoh hex oentalnlng about MO matches th: ue boxes In a pash
ft
11

All FI rat Claee Dealers.
w r c mi
Gold coin loses 1 per cent, of its weight in 50 years' use. but silver loses the same percentage in ten years only.
Mirard’s Liniment Lumbennan’sFriend
THE MOST POPULAR DENTIFRICE
Australia's output of coni is 7,000,000 tons a year, 2,500,000 more than that of India.
CALVERT’S
CARBOLIC
TOOTH
POWDER.
fttopi Ike t ough and work» off the Cold.
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine Tablets cure a cola In one day. Mo Cure. No Pay. Price 25 cents.
The wages of Italian cotton-spinners were only 22 cents for a ten hours’ day in lg62. They have since doubled. In England cotton-spinners average $5 a week.
amply borne out by many others in j this city whose experiences have been and are being published from day to day. Dodd’s Kidney Pills are certainly without an equal as a medicine for those who are "tired out," "run down" or "used up."
Dodd’s Kidney Pills have been endorsed most heartily by all classes.
A DOZEN FAST EXPRESS TRAINS EVERY DAY.
BULL AND HIS PEOPLE.
This is a largo number of fast trains each way between Buffalo and Nêw York, and they are all splendid trains
Preserves the teeth. Sweetens the breath
Strengthens the gums
See ?"
Occurrences in the Land That Reigns Supreme in the Commercial World.
Plankington — "Oh, strengthens your credit."
Von B1 unier—'"Exactly. Then I been | called to see my butcher, and I’ll be hanged if he wasn’t out also !"
Plankington—"By Jove, but you were in luck !"
f | Von Blunter—"No, I wasn’t Plankington—''Why not ?"
Von Blumer—"When I got homo I found them all waiting for me."
that
yes,
The Empire State Express is one of them, (daily except Sunday) and is the most popular train in the country ngent for tickets by the New York Central if you wish to travel in comfort.
ATLANTIC PULP AND PAPER COMPANY, LIMITED.
The prospectus of the recently organized Atlantic Pulp and Paper Company, Limited, is being sent out this week by the brokers, Messrs. Sutherland & Cameron, Ottawa. The capital stock of the company is $3,000,000. and its property is situated on the little Cascapedia River, at New Richmond, on the north of the Baie des Chaleur. Prospectuses and application forms may be had from any office of the National Trust Company. Limited, Toronto or Montreal, or from Sutherland & Cameron, brokers, Ottawa, Canada.
PalW.q *
WALK I NO
OR
OUTINQ
UHUBMUPPMBBBBw suits
0»n be done perfectly by our French Proceae. Try A
MITItH AMIBIOAM PYSlNC QQ,
MONTREAL, TORONTO. OTTAWA ft QUEBEC
The British Museum library lias 32 miles of book shelves.
York Corn Exchange has transformed into an opera house
Hull is proposing to erect an abattoir, cold storage, hide and skin market, and offices at a cost £70,000.
Ask your ticket
CHEAP EXCURSION TO CALIFORNIA.
The Wabash Railroad Company will sell round trip tickets to Los Angeles and San Francisco, Cal., at less than the one way first-class rate
19th to 27th, good to return any time before June 25th, 1902. Choice of routes going and returning tickets should read via Detroit and over the Wabash, the short and true route from Canada to California.
This will be the grandest opportunity over given the people of this country to visit this land of sunshine and flowers at a low rate.
Full particulars of this excursion from any railroad agent, or J. A. Richardson.
Agent, North-east corner King &
Yonge Ots., Toronto.
9 9
Fare same as by other lines except by Empire State Express.
CAN YOU TOUCH IT ?
It is again reported that the Prince of Wales will visit India at the commencement of the next cold season there.
Miss Clarke, the daughter of a retired gentleman living at Snibstonc Grange. Ashby-de-Ia-Zouch, found dead in a brook recently
- Mr. Justice Ridley, sitting at the Newcastle Assizes, lined the keeper of the Criminal Court £10 for not having it sufficiently well lighted.
Captain Randolph Foote has been appointed naval aide-de-camp to the King in place of Captain Sir Edward Chichester, promoted to flag rank.
The new southern approach to the -n Tower Bridge, constructed by the London County Council at a cost of £400.000, was formally opened last week.
A big scheme Is on foot for amalgamation of the Potteries into one county borough. The area under consideration is 10,000 acres in extent.
A large naval and military exhibition will bo held at Portsmouth next gftyg
June, July and August. The pro- j jiavc ever uaed for infant ailments, fits will be devoted to naval and j have given them to my baby for
military charities.	indigestion and stomach trouble and
It is announced that a well known lhey nre prompt and thorough in colonel and D.S O. is about to ojK*n nmb i„g a cure. No mother should a hairdressing establishment in the bc a singic (jav without the Tablets Hay market. It will Imî described, jn thc house."
presumably, as Military Headquar- , ^^y's Own Tablets are for Childers.	ren of all ages, and will cure such
Two Egyptian mummies, thc one troubies as constipation, colic, sour
( stomach
fevers. They
recently for £5 10s teething children, and will break up
colds and, prevent croup. Guaranteed
Lord Macnaghten told the Royal to contain no opiate or other harm-courts of Justice Temperance So- fn) drug. Dissolved in water they cicty at London recently that he did can be given with perfect safety to a not believe any Government would new-born babe. Sold by all dealers ever dare to pass a large measure of }n medicine, or sent post paid at 25 temperance legislation; it would be cents A box, by addressing the Dr. clone rather by degrees.	Williams’ Medicine Co., Brock ville,
Sade ici i
near Compbclltown, was carrying a paraffin lamp on Sunday night When it exploded and set her alight. She was burned to death.
Enormous catches of herrings are being made in the English Channel.
One Boulogne fishing boat in four hours | made a which realized over £100.
Sii Alfred Jones, who left Avon-mouth for Jamaica, is c.infidvnt thaï/ the island will eventually become a winter resort for the weak and wealthy of Great Britain.
Ireland sends to England yearly
200.000	pigs, 56,000 cattle, and
120.000	sheep.
If so you ean cur# It w th Qllrid m. This w on* derful salve seethes end heals the meet delicate tieeuee. Positively Injury affecting ski Try It fer Inflamed Eyes, Catarrh, Chaffing tores or any tore you can touch.
2fto , Druggiete. orCMeadlne Co , Toronto. Money refunded If net satisfactory.
April
Tickets
sale
on
' unequalled for disease or n or membrane.
FOR EVERY MOTHER
All
Fer Over Sixty Veers
Mb* Winslow ¦ Booteino 8r*ur hue been used by millions of mother* for their children while teething. It soothe* the child, softens the films, shays pain, euros wind colle, regulates the stomach end bowels, end is the best remedy for Diarrhcee. Twenty-lie cents e bottle. Sold by druggists throughout the world. Be euro end ask for " Mai. Winslow s Soothino SïRür."
A Manitoba Mother Gives Practical Advice on the Care of
Babies.
was
TO PRINTERS
It is well known that nearly all infant troubles spring from a disordered stomach. Indigestion in a child will cause at first peevishness and sleeplessness, but other more serious troubles will such as colic tion in some others,
suits in many cases who neglects having constantly at hand the means for treating these ills takes an awful risk. Mrs. R. L. McMillan
mother who is particularly well fitted to give advice on the care of babies. Her standard medicine for the minor ailments of her little ones is Baby’s Own Tablets, and she —"They are thc best medicine
In size, not counting colonies, the European Powers stand in this order: Russia, Austria, Germany, France, United Kingdom, Italy.
The outflow of the Nile varies from 16,000 cubic feet a second in June to 400,000 in September these figures th* value of thc new Assouan dam in preventing this gigantic waste will bc plain.
F8B SALIr-Tva 2-revolution Campbell
From
follow fast, or cramps, constipa-cases, diarrhoea with fatal re-Thc mother
District Passenger
$ FRANK WILSON,
73 West Adelaide St., Toronto
Deafness Cannot be Cured
sum
Mn,ditki1!,wrinfUwu,iY. a» EVERY TOWN OR SCHOOL
I jSSSSSSSSSm
roue of Deafn
BOYS BRIGADE
Keep Mlnard's Liniment In the House
Bugle Band
Instrumente. Bwqlei. Fifes. Drums. Cepe, etc
Cumulus or thunder-cloud rarely rises over two miles. Seven miles is the outside height for any cloud.
thc
Regent's Park, with 472$ acres, is the biggest of London parks James' Park, with 93 acres, is the
su.. I lest.
Logoch, Man., is one
St
A POPULAR HEALTH RESORT.
The Grand Trunk Railway System have included in the large list of summer and winter resorts which they are bringing before the public, the Sanitarium at St. Catharines, Ont , a retreat for rest and recuperation. A mineral spring from which the water flows and which is used for bathing and massage purposes at this establishment, was discovered years ago, and has been the means of attracting hundreds of the best class of people from the south to enjoy thc benefits derived from bathing in it.
Considerably denser than sea water, the effects are very marked, and when heated and skilfully applied cures rheumatism, gout, scrofula, neuralgia, liver trouble, skin diseases and cases of nervous prostration. Many of the cures are simply wonderful. The waters of this spring are referred to in Encyclopaedia Drtttanica, Appleton’s American Encyclopaedia, Hare's System of Therapeutics. etc.
It is only during the last few years that a commodious Sanitarium has been established at this point, combining rest-cure and family hotel.
Copies of a neat little booklet giving further particulars may be had by applying to M. 0. Dickson, District Passenger Agent, Toronto.

Monkey Brand Soap is a cleaner and polisher combined but won’t wash clothes.
(ca ufted by catarrh) that can or MUSICAL INST K L MENTSw ; : be eoted by HalTe Catarrh Cure. Send	-
or circulars, free
WHALEY, RftYCE 8 CO., Halted
Toionto, Canada
n t
F. J. CHENRY fc CO., Toledo. O
Winnipeg, Mss
1,000 people in the
men. 516
Out of every United Kingdom 481 are
Thc ratio of girls to boys
Dominion Line Steamships
Set oed Saloon mnd Third Clse accommo&ftüoa F#
sod all particulars, apply te any agead
women
is only 489 to 511, but many more men emigrate than women.
Of 1,000 men who marry, 382 marry women younger than themselves, 519 women of about the same age, and 89 only older women._____________

ratwe uf iwraf* of the Compeo]
Richarde. Milia à Op,
77 State BL Seats*
Messrs. C C. Richards & Co. Gentlemen,—After suffering for se-
with inflammatory rheum-bad that I was eleven
and
of a lady and thc other of a about ten years of age. were sold at Co vent Garden
diarrhoea and simple arc invaluable for
ven years
months confined to my room for two years could not dress myself without help. Your agent gave me a bottle of MINARD’S UNIMENT in May, ’97. and asked me to try it. which I did. and was so well pleased with the results 1 procured more. Five bottles completely cured me and I have had no return of the pain for

Wood* Photo. Engraviw,
^J.l JONES ÈNG.0?
~ I6Ô BAY ST	T — lORONlO
England has 550 doctors for every
Ireland 630,
and £6 respectively
million of population, Scotland 850.
kk for Minard’s and lake no other
THE CANADA PER MANENT and WEITERW CANADA M ORTCACE CORPORATION
Sir Wolfe Barry estimates the loss caused by the congestion of London streets at £2,154,000 a year.
were about 1,000 There are now
Ont
A housemaid
eighteen months.
The above facts are well-known to everybody in this village and neighborhood.
In 1880 there hansoms in London over 7,000.
PUT TO A WRONG USE.
A certain company in the Town Guard at Capetown was served out with about a couple of dozen yards of flannelette for thc purpose of rifle
improvement in thc appearance of the rifles, but one fine afternoon one of the members of the company was seen lounging along the beach at Mulzeniierg smartly attired in n suit of—the flannelette!
" Invites investors of large or X small amounts to Investigate .. Its
roar Per Cent Debentures
$ with half-yearly interest cou-f pone attached. They are laT sued for fixed terms of not T lose than one year and are T secured by assets amounting
Yours gratefully, A. DAIRT. St. Timothee, Que., May 16th. 1899
Mlnard's Liniment Is used bv Physicians
There was no noticeable
Railway gauge in all thc Australian colonies but two, is 42 in.
New South Wales it is 565 in J In Victoria 63 in.
THE MOST NUTRITIOUS.
herrings
haul of
In
No plant, not even the nettle, grows in all parts of thc world. Only eighteen species arc known which show themselves at the Fame time, over half the land surface.
and
General Sir Archibald Hunter has asked all city and county authorities
(h| ®müîhh
the Yeomanry regiments
views ue to re-arranging
EPPS’S
GRATEFUL - OO M FORTI NO. I
COCOA
wool
to
Queen Alexandra has sent a
to Mrs. Wright, of Surfleet
Mrs
Page Metal Ornamental Fence. KT’ÛSmÎ
ornamental, very ahowy And surprisingly cheep. II is Just wh»l in wanted for door yfirdui, division fences In town lot#, grave
“Clara Dimplcton has more tact than any other girl I ever met. Slut has just refused to marry me You don't seem to foci very much cut "That’s the strangest part of She rejected me in such a way that I have been sorry for her ever since.”	1
shawl
who is now living in London Wright Is in her hundredth year, and has eight children, all living.
Syon Park House, Brentford, is to
This Is Syon House
$23,000,000.
It iy
yards, orchard* t tc $¦ t«<l ami retail* at only think Of it. Lit us rr;i make farm fei.ee, isultry netting
20 cis. PER RUNNING FOOT.
TORONTO STNE1T, TorOlitO*
e
We also

up
it
be sold ^
Academy, where Shelley was educated; the school which a biographer
AST-SUPP1R.
The Psg.» Wire Fence Ce., Uertted, WalàeniWe, 0*1. S
i

#
###PAGE###8###

E. HODCINS & SON’S A DVT.
Gentlemen :
Do you find it difficult to get a Boot that will keep your feet dry ? If so try us for your next supply. We are prepared to give you an
Oil Dressed Boot for -	*
Oil Dressed Heavy soled Boot O Grain, Whole Stock Boot for 1.50
Ladies,
Trv our Glove Grain Working Boot, solid J $1.00
||AS ARRIVED !
Our tare Spring Stock is Mrs,
|lo Crumbling.
Everyone is pleased with It.
Po picking.
New Straw Goods.
Spring we have a splendid range of Ladies’ Sailor Hats. Latest shapes and best goods in town. Price from 40 $1.25. See them before buy-
For
$1.00.

1.25

c. to
mg.
leather
Dur School Boots
For Boys and Girls are the best on the
market.
I
New Dress IV|uslins.
MF. R. McGUIRE,
The Tailor.
Our new Muslins are real beauties. Latest patterns, newest shades at moderate prices.
THE SHAWVILLE BOOT & SHOE STORE,
M. STEWART.
The Barondale Veterinary Medicines.
Embroideries.

Improved Farm for Sals.
i

Jte
V
3m
The undersigned offers for salt* ht at Farm. Mtuatvtloii the Tilth range of Bi is-tolling lots Nos. 7, h and 9 of the said range, and containing V75 acres, more or less, over 100of which are cleared and in a good state of cultivation. On the procreated two dwelling houses.
tarn, vranar.x
Our stock of Embroideries is the largest and best ever displayed in Shaw ville and we invite special attention to these goods.
QTTAWA, NORTHERN & WESTERN
\

AND
«
PONTIAC PACIFIC JUNCTION AYS.
mines art
t w o v od stab es l log driving shed, in fact all necessary out buildings. The farmi* fairly well fenced, and has u n abundance of good water. The proper*v will Ik* sold with or without stock, or implement*, ns desired.
For terms and further particulars apply
After Using
Before Using
Time Card.
Now is the time to purchase a box of the Barondale Condition Powders.
ESÎSIlilsIHlsiEF
TESTIMONIAL
O. N. & YV. RAILWAY,
Train No. 1 leaves Ottawa, Ont., 4.45, 1\M.
“	“ arrives Cîracefield, Q. K20,P.M.
Train No. 2 leaves Grace field, (j., ti.lfO. A.M ••	“ arrives Ottawa, Ont.. V.45, A.M
tu
J. D. FIELDS. Rutledge P. O., Que
A Real Bargain in Little Boys’ Clothes.
We have a large line of Boy’s Two-Piece Suits which we offer at cost for the next two weeks.
1811*1
For sale at—
0 Meara Bros', Bryson ;
T.&D. Rousseau's, Campbells Bay ;
J. E. Cahill's, Calumet Island ;
names on account vf our limited space this wee*, we are obliged to omit in this report.
o
P. P. J. RAILWAY.
Train No. 1 leaves Ottawa, Ont., 8.30 p.m.
“	“ arrives Waltham. Q.. 8.45 p.m.
Train No, 2 leaves Walt ham, Q., 7.00 a.m. “	“ arrives Ottawa, Ont., 11.55 a.m
The above trains.arc daily except Sunday.
For tickets or other Information apply to Ml Central Chambers, Ottawa Agency & Messenger Co., 85 Sparks St., or C.A.R. Ticket Office, Central Station.
An Arsenic Bounty
«OVERMEN! WILL GRANT $150,000 TO footer basting eovim aresniu
MINES.
Wm. Moore s, Otter Lake ; J. F. Cronau s, Ladysmith.
Silas Ytueg s, Starts Corners.
W. H. Lucas, Caldwei!
Drug Store, Shawville
The Government has decided t3 grant a bounty of $150,000 to the product if ihe arsenic mines in Basting, this amount to bo spread over a period of 7 years, at a certain amount per ton. The grant is conditional, however, upon a bounty from the Ontario Government of $100.000. The Ontario grant promised is $50,000, but the promoters of (he industry are confident that Premier R a* will double thj amount.
P. W. RESSEMAN
Cen. Pass* Agent
around the wind-swept hill. The gravel was encircled by six boulders. The interment was extremely impressive.
The 4,Dcid March’ echoed through the hills, and the na: vea stood like doers at « lose 8‘Uutce. Toar< were in the eyes of many
! of the onlooker» lonaland, who conducted the burial service ^ÊÊ^^ÈÊÈÊÊi®aid : — “ 1 consecrate this place forever;
here he thought; here he lived and died for the Empire.
When the c;En was lowered into the tomb,chiselled into the so’i i rock, all those present sang 44 Old Hundieith and 4l Now the Laborer e Task is O’er. The remainder of the funeral sen ice was chanted and the band played the "Daad March in Saul. " The tomb was covered with wreaths.
At the close of the ceremony, those present slowly inspected the spot where Mr. Rhodes lies buried, and threw flowers upon the grave. Dr Jameson, Colonel Francis Rhodes, and all of the other mourners left Buluwayo tonight on a special train.
9
News of the War.
E. HODCINS & SON.
Canadian s h ire
HONG KEE,
TovarI) \OLLKY< INTO
RANGE
The Bishop of Mash
CHINESE LAUNDRY,
Toronto, April 7.—An Evening Telegrin e special London cable says :— •‘Mist recent advice) from the front say that at the Kleinhaid.e River engagement,the British troops were arranged in the form of a semi-circle, the Canadian rifles holding a point somewhat in advance of the samf.circle. The Boers were following up a bold attack on the 28'.h Mounted Infantry, when they were met with a heavy fire from the Canadians, who poured volleys into them at a distance of 200 yards. Private Evans, although mortally wounded, kept in thick of the fight, and having tired all the ammunition in his bandolier, broke his rifle.
Next door to Miss A. McRae
Main Street, • Shawville-
Selling Out I
The Week in Parliament
Laundry work of all kinds clone in first class style.
The budget debate concluded early Tuesday morning last. Hon. J. Israel Tarte and Mr John Charlton absented themselves in order to escape voting against the government. The Liberals present registered a solid vote against “Canada for Canadians 1 The last speeches of the debate brought forceful critcism of the “ Fit He form ” methods of the government, from Messrs. Broder, Lennox, Northrop, Ward, Ken dry, Clancy, Henderson and
NOTICE.
I hereby forbid any person passing or leasing the mill the Ragged Chute until my claim is settled. Any person doing eit her above acts will be prosecuted.
WILLIAM KEELER Bristol, March 14,1902.
from t res
property at
Come in for Bargains
in all lines.
Everything Must Co !
We Mean Business !
of the
out
Private Evans, above mentioned, was the ion of James Evans, of Port Hope, and was 27 years of age.
Po
Public Notice.
Grave charges of perjury and maladministration were made in connection with the census.
The list of scandals under Liberal auspi-cieswas reviewed.
Hon. F. W. Borden, Minister of Militia, refused to recognize the claims of South Afiican veterans for precedence in appointments to the coronation contingent.
Mr. Blair’s bill to establish a railway commission, whose duties will be to supervise all roads in Canada with the Intercolonial, was brought down. It will go over until next session.
Otter Lake News Items
HANNING TO DRIVE THE BOERS
Pretoria, April 9.-The Biitish authorities are making preparations for a great series of “drives” on the arrival of reinforcements. The general outlook for the Boers is said to be moat disheartening. It is thought here that the bulk of the Boers are only awaiting a promise that they will not bs banished to come in and surrender
Province of Quebec,
Municipality of Clarendon.
Public notice is hereby given by the undersigned Secretary Treasurer of the Municipality of Clarendon, County of Pontiac. That fhe list of persons entitled to vote at the election of a member of the Legislative Assembly of the Province of Quebec, has been prepared according to law :
That a duplicate thereof has i»een deposited in the office of the undersigned, at the disposal, and for the information of all persons Interested, and that on Monday the sixth day of the month of May, 1902. at the usual time and place of meeting, the Municipal Council will proceed with the examination and correction of the said list.
Dated at Shawville. this 8th day of the month of March, nineteen hundred and two.
The roads are drying up very well. Most of the farmers have commented
spring operations.
The ice I hear is off nearly all the lakes near here.
Mr. O. Desjardin went to Shaw ville
Thursday.
Mr. R. J. Farrell went to Bryson Wednesday.
Mr. B. J. Kilkran ie having his house plastered.
Mr. W. A. Moore has put in a turning lathe, edger and butting saw in his steam mill.
ARMSTRONG BROS
¦1
FROM COL. STEELE.
Ottawa,* April 9.—A letter has been received at the Militia Department from Cal. Sam Steele who is in Pretoria. The colonel writes that the police have been e flipped with good Canadian horses, which he thinks are better than the
Australian horse Boyd, of Toronto, Swift, of Quebec, and Scarfb, of Yukon force, who had just anived
suffered from fever, but were recovering and getting along in harmony with the British soldiers.
LADYSMITH.
There was quite an influx of visitors here last Monday, the occasion being a large marriage particulars of w hich I give you.
CLARENDON COUNCIL
Town Hall, Shawville,
7th Apt il, 1002.
Regular Session of Council this day. Members present : Mr. Mayor, John Stewart ; Councillors:	Win. Hodgins,
James Smith, F Thomas, James Wilson, W A Hoigina and Thomas McDowell.
Minutes cf last meeting read.
Moved by Coun Thomas McDowell, sec by Coun James Smith, that the minutes as now road, be and are hereby confirmed .—Can led
The mad labor of N E i of 12, on the 7th Range goes to 8 h Range.
Moved by Coun W A Hodgins, sec by Coun Thomas McDowell, that the petition of Ansoi Murphy and others, be and is hereby gi anted, to wit :	-¦¦Ml
labor of Anson Murphy, George and Wes ey Hodgins, John Hodgins, John James Hodgins end Wm Corrigan, is given to Hoad Inspector John Jamei Ho lgins, to be applied to the g road in this division.—Carried
John Dagg, William e Son, wants half vf his labor on the 10th and half on the 11th Ranges, all of Wm Dagg's, Thomas Palmer and George Alfred Dag g a labor go to 11th Range; half labor of John Palmer on 10th and half on the llih Range.—Granted.
Road Division of Richard Hodgins consists am filluwe : hie own labor, Heirs of Robert Armstrong, Francis Armstrong and John Armstrong’s labor. The road labor taken from the division of John Strutt to be given back to him. The labor of W A Hodgins, Wm Corrigan, F F C-irrigsn, be added to the division of John B Corrigan. The rood libor of Thomas Thompson and Benjamin Hynes,
He has with him Lt
HUGH MATHESON, Sec.-Treasurer
Dr. McKill*»p and Mr. Alex. Argue were at the Otter Lake House Friday, going up Coulonge Saturday.
A very stylish and interesting matrimonial event took place on the 7th inst. at the residence of Mr. Joseph Roy, merchant, the occasion being the union of his eldest son, Mr. Joseph 0. Roy, secretary-treasurer of the schools and a Justice if the Peace, with Miss Aurelia, youngest daughter of Mi. Peter Du beau. The young couple were as-sited by Mr. Demase E. Roy, brother of the groom, and Miss Aluina Morin, teacher. The bride was elegantly attired for the ceremony in silk, which in the afternoon was exchanged for a very pretty costume, which in turn gave place in the evening to an elegant w hite gown. The bridesmaid, also, was most l>ecomingly dressed.
The nuptial benediction was pronounced at 2 nun. by the Rev. V. Ferreri in St. Charles’ Church. A large number of friends witnessed the ceremony, which was enlivened by choice music. After the ceremony, a delicious supper was served at which the rev. gentleman who officiated numbered one vf the guests. The chief enjoyment of the evening misted of dancing,which was opened hy the groom mud bride and groomsman and bridesmaid respectively.
The young couple received a large ¦	tly	wedding gifts,
panied by the roost kindly wishes of the donors for their future happiness and success, both combining to show the high regard in which Mr. and Mrs. Roy are held by a host of friends, whose
Here’s a Pointer
He states that the men had
to be added to the division of Simon Barber. Lots 25 and given to Wm Bennett. The whole of Dr Gab jury's , labor, to wit : 19, 20, 21, 22 and 23, all the way to the river, given to Wm Bennett’s division.
Moved by Coun F Th imas, ses by Coun W A Hodgins, that the foregoing changes be and are hereby made.— Carried.
Moved by Coun W A Hodgins, sec by Coun James Smith, that the following bill be paid, to wit : Aylen «V Ducloe, advice to date, $45.00; Dr Klock, visit to EJward D«ds for smallpox, $10,00, trip to Francis Murray a (smallpox) $4.00, in all, $14.00; Thomas McDowell, measuring cedars, etc , $7.70; Brabazon, map of the Towr.ahip of Clarendon, $10.00— Carried.
Moved by Coun Thomas McDowell, sec by Coun W A Hodgins, that John Strutt, E*q., be paid $7 00 for his aer vicee around the Town Hall up to 1st May, 1902—Carried.
Moved by Coun
e e #
If you want to buy anything in the Watch, Clock or Jewellery line call on
Cecil Rhodes Funeral
Buluwayo, Matabe'eland, April 10.— Today, amid an immense throng of soldiers, civillians and natives, the body of Cecil Rhodes was committed to its rock tomb in the Matoppo Hills. The coffin was shrouded in a I nion Jack, and the wreath sent by Queen Alexandra was laid upon it, as it was lowered into the
WHYTE.
1
If you have anything in the Watch, Clock or Jewellery line that needs repairing bring it to . . .
that all the
grave .
The Funeral party started from Fuller’s Hotel early this morning. procession was five miles long as it wound through the hills and gorges. Every sort of conveyance was made use rf, some were on foot, others on horseback, or on bicycles, while still others were in waggons and carriages. When the procession was a mile fro» the grave everybody dismounted, and concluded the journey on foot. Twelve oxen hauled the coffin to the almost inaceseible sum t of the kopje, where the chiefs Shom-bli, Faku and Uroguls, and two thoueind natives, had assembled to witness the Christian burial rites which they afterwards supplemented in their own fashion, by I he sacrifice of fifteen oxen to the shade of the great dead chief.
The
WHYTE.
oVernment
Everything Guaranteed as Represented
or Money refunded.
Sole Agent for the Celebrated Jas. Boss Filled Case.
Smith, sec by Coun W A Hodgins, that Wm Henry strong be paid #15.00 for attending the family of Edward Wbelen in smallpox.— Carried.
Appointment of Pounder Keepers.— Henry Wallace, George To well, Alonzo Draper, Thoms» Palmer, Albert Somerville, Janies T Broun, Thomas Dean, Lionel Hudgins.
Here the Council adjourned.
Hugh Mathbsom, Src-Tross
Arm
con
mi
Whyte The Watchmaker,
number of cos
accom
Opposite Pontiac House, Shawville.
LAID TO IMT
Thousands of white persons congregated

